critique1 Gone with the wind is one of the most popular books ever printed . It is by far the movie of all movies . The romance between Scarlett and Rhett made people dream all over the world and turned the lead actors into cinematographic icons . One can ask  is it really necessary to make a sequel ? And ... there are some big shoes to fill .<br /><br />Well  there was the book first . 'Scarlett' by Alexandra Ripley is  we have to admit  well-written and fully respecting the world created by Margaret Mitchell . She picks up exactly where we left our heroine previously and gently leads us from Mitchell's heritage into her own fantasy . In the book Scarlett  defeated after Melanie's death and Rhett's leaving  travels to Charleston to reside with her mother-in-law in hope of regaining Rhett's love . Her typical manipulative behavior evokes once again a lot of criticism from Rhett and drives them further apart ... until a certain boat trip that will change everything . Scarlett now carries a secret . The series follows the book quite accurately until the arrival of Scarlett in Ireland . From then of  book and series slowly split ways . The actual end differs  but of course the both have Scarlett and Rhett back together .<br /><br />The production of the series was announced with a worldwide search for the next Scarlett O'Hara . Many countries made their own television shows featuring young actresses auditioning for the part . Eventually  about twelve girls were chosen to participate in the final screen tests and interviews in Atlanta  Georgia . Unfortunately  the producer found no Scarlett amongst these actresses . Sad for the girls  major publicity for the show ( it was already sold to many television stations worldwide before shooting even had started ). Robert Halmi  the producer who bought the rights to 'Scarlett'  told he discovered the right actress while watching TV  gave her a call and two days later signed the deal . Joanne Whalley-Kilmer ( who starred in'Willow' and 'Scandal'  the latest being the movie Robert Halmi was watching that faithful evening )is not Vivien Leigh  but she certainly is Scarlett ! Her performance is not a copy of Leigh's  she makes the character her own . The major difference between GWTW and 'Scarlett' is the fact the lead character evolves and grows as a person . This is the series prerogative  why copying something that has been done before ? Considering there is a gap of almost seventy years between the first and second storyline  it is natural that both authors emphasize on different aspects of the characters . Whereas Mitchell works around Scarlett dealing with the consequences of the civil war and fighting for Tara  Ripley lets Scarlett face her demons . This to me  is the most interesting aspect of the series  we get to know Scarlett in a different way as she learns that not everything can always go the way she wants . I totally agree with the choice of Timothy Dalton as Rhett Butler . He portrays him with charm and irony and is less of a cardboard figure than Clark Gable's performance . The rest of the cast was well chosen . Julie Harris is endearing as Rhett's mother  John Gielgud gives a very amusing performance as grandfather Robillard and Sean Bean is always at his best playing a dirty character  his Lord Fenton makes no exception . Poor choices however with Stephen Collins as Ashley and Ann-Margret's adaption of Belle Watling was a waste of money . Costumes  sets and locations are elaborate and convincing . The newly built Tara set looked exactly the same and it is a moving sequence in the series when the house appears for the first time .<br /><br />Is there a point in making a sequel ... Well  six hours of romance are to me . One to watch !
critique2 1st watched 8/26/2001 - 8 out of 10 (Dir-John Cassavetes): Well-done early independent film by Cassavetes introduced a style that was much different than what Hollywood shows it's audience. This movie also introduced some very taboo subjects especially the actual racism that probably was prevalent all over the country but was not displayed by the mostly white controlled filmmakers of the time. About the only black actors that had much respect at this time were the ones that acted and displayed personality like whites(aka. Sidney Poitier). Besides this the idea of ending a film without truly concluding the relationships that began leaves many moviegoers dumbfounded but actually makes the viewers realize that life is like this(it goes on...). I prefer this kind of an ending because it makes you think more about the characters and what may happen next and the conclusions are not just laid out for you. The movie follows the lives of people(particulary a couple of people who have a brief relationship and happen to be opposite skin colors) then we watch what happens when the white man realizes what he's done. This is done very well and makes the movie very special. The acting is supposedly done improvisationally which makes the movie even more amazing. I guess you can say I liked this movie if you can't tell. If you can find it check out this classic early independent film.
critique3 Normally I am a typical "creepy-crawly-hatin'" girl but after watching this film (on YouTube of course) I'm having different perspectives. And also I did not know that my favorite animation studio - Fleischer's made another film that's about community of insects whose city garden home is threatened by humans (lighted cigars and cigarette buttsfootstepsetc.) and how a plucky young grasshopper named Hoppity saves the day and wins the heart of Honey the bee; I love the lovely Ms. Honey. You know after watching the film the bugs reminded me of the some of the "jitter-bugs" from Don Bulth's Thumbelina. And out of the songs in the film I love "We're a Couple in The Castle;" when I sing that song it almost made me cry.<br /><br />This wonderful film was the second (and final) feature to come out of the Fleischer studio. The film was originally going to be released on November of 1941 but since the Fleischer's rival Disney released Dumbo weeks earlier Paramount changed the date to December of the same year but Mr. Bug unfortunately went into a then unrealized trap of terrible timing. Having the misfortune of opening two days after the attack on Pearl Harbor Mr. Bug was a financial disaster and led to the ousting of Max and Dave Fleischer from the studio they had established in 1919 and reorganized the company as Famous Studios. Another huge factor in their departure was the fact that Max and Dave Fleischer were no longer speaking to one another due to disputes (how sad it was). Overall I love both films from the Fleischer bros. - Gulliver and Mr. Bug.
critique4 This is one of the best of the genre. I saw it twice about 25yrs ago and have not had another opportunity to see it again since then. It rivals the Zatoichi series (also starring Katsu) in exciting swordplay.
critique5 Not a bad movie but could have been done without the full frontal nudity of a 10 year old boy in one of the opening scenes. This movie has excellent dialog; which is certainly common among foreign films. Foreign actors still know how to act as opposed to American actors who let the CGI stunts and special effects do all the work for them. This film is just good old fashion acting. Gerarde DePardieux did an excellent job as always. The costumes and scenery are accurate with the time. My only complaint is that they should have dubbed the English words over the french instead of using subtitles; this could just be because I hate reading subtitles.
critique6 I MAY have seen an episode or 2 when the show originally aired but when I watched 1 episode on netflix I was also hooked. I watched the whole series in like 2 days. :) I really liked Gary Cole's character. First he's thoroughly reprehensible then you start liking the character ("These things have a thousand uses")! His folksy Andy Griffith meets Charles Manson meets Satan is great. Charming charismatic smarmy and uh kind of dangerous and by "kind of" I mean "really". I wanna be like HIM when I grow up. Lucas Black is great too. The accents are great too. Anyway I thought this was one of the best TV shows ever and you owe it to yourself to see it.
critique7 The Devil in the Dark is William Shatner's favorite episode. It is also one of my favorite episodes. The program is pure Star Trek because it deals with one of the series' main themes: the respect for other life forms. I do not think one could get a clearer example of one of the show's most interesting ideas. In this episode Kirk and his crew have to confront a monster that is killing miners on a distant planet. The story is an excuse to explore the right that humans have to destroy creatures that are a vital part of the environment. Today's concerns with environmental causes make the show more relevant now than ever before. It is extremely well written and performed with gusto by our beloved cast. One memorable sequence involves Spock joining with the mind of the monster. Plenty of tension between Spock and Kirk (they want to solve the problem using different methods) adds to the fun. Shatner and Leonard Nimoy do some of their best work here.
critique8 The Gig is a tight funny and poignant little movie about a group of friends that have gathered together on a regular basis to play Dixieland for fun. The group unexpectedly lands a real paying job in musician's parlance; a "gig".<br /><br />They travel to upstate NY for a two week gig at a summer resort minus one member who bows out due to contracting cancer. At the last minute they hire a professional to take his place. Things get sticky as an over-the-hill Frankie Valli type attempts a comeback at the resort and tries to utilize the group as his band.<br /><br />The attitude the professional bass player gave the guys rang true. By signing up to play the two-week gig they were taking bread out of the mouths of someone who needed the job to feed his or her family. While Pop Rock Rap Country and Western and R&B stars make money off of albums. Jazz musicians have to travel abroad to make a living. Almost nobody gets rich. The guys living their dream also cost others a needed income.<br /><br />I believe that almost everyone who can play a musical instrument with some proficiency dreams about playing a paying "gig" one time or another Woody Allen and Kevin Bacon are two popular examples of this amateur-to-professional crossover. I especially recommend this movie to anyone who has ever played music professionally. My mom who was a musician LOVED it.
critique9 This was my first look at this short-lived British TV horror series but I had seen a couple of Hammer horror films (Horror of Dracula Captain Kronos: Vampire Hunter) and thought highly-enough of them to give this a look.<br /><br />This first episode was a shocker - not for the horror but for all the nudity. Was this "regular" TV in England in 1980? If so it showed a lot more skin than what we see in North America. There were three separate scenes showing naked women and their breasts one scene where a guy put his hand on one and another scene with man a top of a woman faking intercourse. Hey I'm not complaining. <br /><br />The story is a simple one: a witch who had disappeared in the 17th century comes back to her old house and makes life tough for the married man. The latter Jon Finch as "David Winter" wasn't much of an actor but his wife wasn't bad and was a really beauty. She was be Prunella Gee as "Mary." The husband suspected her rightly so of having an affair and that plays a part in this story.<br /><br />Patricia Quinn was entertaining as the laughing witch "Lucinda Jessup" who comes back with a mean streak in her and has a good time tormenting the couple until things go wrong at the end. As a man I'd say it was particular fun to see the two women going at it! This starts off slowly but once "Lucinda" starts stirring up things it gets very entertaining.
critique10 OK so Paris Hilton sucks in it (typical Malibu Barbie) but the rest of the actors are just great! I watched the film last night and it totally kept me going thru out the whole film. Chad Michael Murray IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT and he's just a ace actor. Total hero man. The main girl who is the sister to nick (chad) is such a brilliant actress. Thumbs up. I think it's so different to films out their these days most of them to go with psychopath's possessions ghosts but here you have a theme about wax! I totally got creepers out by the wax models in the house although they looked so real. I still haven't got the story with the twins at the moment i am just waiting to get the DVD then watch it all over again. Thumbs up to such a great film! 11/10. All those people who don't like it please don't bother 2 criticise my opinion as mostly everyone thinks its cool to do so. Also i think the Paris scene when she strips to her underwear is totally inconvenient. Why not just get a dog shagging some cat.. be more entertaining then that. When Paris death scene came up i thought it was poor as she still kept running although a knife just went up her foot. Hmm.. interesting. <br /><br />!CHAD ALL THE WAY!
critique11 This is the one in which the diminutive Ruth Gordon plays an Agatha-Christie type of murder mystery author who locks her nephew by marriage into a safe. Gordon believes that he murdered her niece and the young fellow dies of suffocation while Gordon is traveling back and forth to New York. He manages however to leave behind some clues scratches on a couple of black safe deposit boxes and an improvised and well-hidden note. Columbo enters the case suspects her at once and solves the mystery by simply using his supernatural mystical intuitive powers. Oh and Mariette Hartley is on hand as Gordon's secretary and would-be blackmailer. Hartley is I believe the grand daughter of the psychologist B. F. Skinner. I'm not sure her ancestry had anything to do with her attractive belly button which is on display during a belly dance sequence but I've always admired Skinner anyway.<br /><br />The murder is well handled. It's a good plot and none of the performers or crew fluff anything. But the outstanding figure here is Ruth Gordon only a skosh over five feet tall. She was over 80 years old and looked it. There are moments when she almost teeters but she consistently exudes charm. Her acting is idiosyncratic. You can never be sure when she's being serious or when she's putting Columbo and the audience on. She's given some good lines too. What humor there is comes from Gordon. Columbo doesn't have any of his frequent comic moments.<br /><br />All in all a nice job by everyone concerned.
critique12 This is a beautiful funny vivid film. It's even better than "Nuovo Cinema Paradiso" -- which it parallels but doesn't replicate. The story completes a full circle and had the theater beaming as the credits rolled. A hundred years after this story takes place we're just as intrigued by flickering images in a dark theater.
critique13 Ok so it borrows a little from "It's a Wonderful Life" but that was 44 years prior to this film so why not a new attempt. Belushi is having a rotten 35th birthday. He didn't get his Wheaties his coffee and has lost his job. The capper is when his self described "big blue piece of sh**" car breaks down at the end of the day. He heads into an empty bar to call for a tow. While waiting he's recognized by the bartender (Caine) as the kid who lost the town's championship baseball game 20 years earlier. This gets him to thinking how life would've been if he had won the game. He finds out when unbeknownst to him Caine serves up a motion potion in a glass that gives him a mansion the prom queen (Russo) as his wife and makes him president of the sporting goods company he's been canned from. Caine later reveals himself as the one who's responsible for this change but Belushi is not entirely on board. He never fully adjusts and in a plot development that doesn't kill the movie but is still odd he tries to court his wife (Hamilton) from his real life who is now married to someone else. The good move is that they don't spend too much time on it as basically they rip of "Ghost" with Belushi constantly telling Hamilton things only she could know. It also brings in a hokey dramatic element as two of his lovers kevetch in the shadows new wife Russo and his unbalanced lover Cox. But the keys to the film are the somewhat lengthy beginning and cheery end. Also good work from the big and recognizable cast as Belushi is very likable VERY attractive ladies chosen and Caine is perfectly easy going as the title guy. Strange that this was Belushi's second film of 1990 dealing with him getting an alternative lifestyle of riches which was found in "Taking Care of Business". Though similar both films are on the same level of laughs provided. So check this out for a fun exploration of "what if?"
critique14 Across the country and especially in the political landscape people with any kind of political ambition should take time out to see this film. The movie is called " City Hall " and with little imagination its synopsis can take place anywhere in America. It just so happens to open in New York. Here we have the story of a popular politician named Mayor John Pappas (Al Pacino) with enough savvy to run a major metropolitan city with very little effort. His right-hand man is none other than Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun (John Cusack) an equally bright individual who's ambitions are tied to his mentor and both seemed destined for higher office. Everything points in that direction until a police shooting ignites an investigation spearheaded by Marybeth Cogan (Bridget Fonda) who believes the guilt points towards city hall and the mayor. A six year old boy and a police officer's death are blamed on a career criminal who's questionable freedom leads to an apparent cover-up by political pay-offs and city corruption involving union leaders like Danny Aiello played by Frank Anselmo corrupt judicial officials like Judge Walter Stern. (Martin Landau) and mafia bosses like Paul Zapatti (Anthony Franciosa) who are deeply involved. Also implicated are party officials like Larry Schwartz (Richard Schiff) who works for the probation office of New York. But it is the bond between the mayor and his deputy which is taken to task by the accidental shooting. A great vehicle for Cusack and a sure bet nominee to become a classic. ****
critique15 If you need that instant buzz that only late 60s/early 70s Euro sex movies can give off then look no further for you have just stumbled across the mother lode ! Subsequent TV director Schivazappa's exercise in psychedelic porn (of the soft core variety) may not generally be considered as a classic of its kind but it knocks many better known titles from the likes of Tinto Brass Jess Franco and Joe D'Amato for a loop. Radley Metzger sure was hip to this way before anyone else when he picked up this marvelously twisted little number for US distribution through his company Audubon. Gorgeous cinematography (favouring symmetrical compositions) may elicit cries of 'pretentiousness' from those who swear by shoddy skin flicks shot in someone's backyard. Hey as far as I'm concerned it's their loss for this is one thrill ride of a movie with twists so well twisted that you may not even believe them after you have actually witnessed them on screen ! Dagmar Lassander (immortalized as the gone to seed landlady from Lucio Fulci's HOUSE BY THE CEMETERY) has never looked more exquisite than she does here subtly portraying the innocent (?) researcher held hostage by mad medic Philippe Leroy (with all the art-house favorites to his name you wonder whether he has the good humor to mention this one on his c.v.) as their initially violent 'relationship' turns to S&M-tinged love story. Nothing is what it seems however in this sick and imaginative gem of a movie with several truly erotic moments achieved with surprisingly minimal nudity. I for one was completely baffled and enchanted by the way Schivazappa chose to suggest oral sex during one scene (I'll let you find that one out for yourselves...) and Lassander's gauze-clad boogie to an impossibly groovy 60s tune should have become iconic in a way similar to the image of Sylvia Kristel reclining in that wicker chair in her EMMANUELLE days. You may not know this film just yet but trust me once seen you'll never forget it !!!
critique16 I saw the movie and really could not stop my tears. Its tragedy that India has no such leaders after freedom who dare to do justice with their own children when they don't behave properly.. In current generation politicians bring their children's into politics without measuring their caliber and skills.. I remember the dialogue from Gandhi 'What kind of society we want to create/make with such people (about Harilal)?' No wonder that it will be a dream that India will hardly have such leader in this or next generation.. Einstein was right when he said about Gandhi that 'After 50 years one would hardly believe that such person with body soul and mind (Mahatma Gandhi) had ever lived on this earth.' I sincerely want to THANKS a LOT to Anil kapoor Feroze khan and all film actors/actresses for this wonderful movie about great person and relationship with his son. All father and son should watch this movie once and take some lessons for both roles.
critique17 mondovino is a moving and rewarding documentary. in the world of wine there is a huge different between the big winery and the small one. it's not just about size of of your vineyard but also the amount of money and power you have. if you have enough money to place ads in the wine spectator and hire a so called "wine except" then it doesn't matter the size of your estate. also in business world of today wine often has to mass marketed and suited to people's taste. what is means many times wine filtered of it's origin. mondovino shows the commercial side of wine in that of mega producer Robert mondavi and Michael Rolland the wine expert who shapes wine to the taste of today's critics like Robert parker who is also in the film. now these men are not evil or wrong for they have done a great deal of good for wine. but they have power on a grand scale. as we all know power corrupts. mondovino also shows small wine makers such as Aime Guilbert of the languedoc and Hubert de montille of volnay in burgundy. these wine makers are not starving wine makers but they know like all great wine makers that it's about where the grapes are from. the best example of this is explained not by a wine maker but by a Haitian man working for Neal rosenthal the wine importer. the area the grapes are grown the terroir that matters that a guiding hand that knows this makes important real wine.
critique18 It is by far the most definitive film on the police force which I have seen. Although not directed by Ram Gopal Varma it has all the elements of an RGV film. Dead straight dialogues blunt treatment of the subject brilliant direction and superb performances (even by those with little job to do in the movie). The chemistry between Nana and the Don even if they are professional rivals is amazing. And so are the small events like an insider not giving information to Imtiaz even while he is being bashed up in the locker but only to Nana when he is out. The change in working conditions with the change of the senior is dealt wonderfully. The first half keeps one absolutely engrossed moving like a documentary with Nana acting like a mentor to Jatin explaining to him the intricacies and philosophy of the work.<br /><br />Overall one of the most brilliant films on cops in Indian cinema. Definitely not to be missed.
critique19 At first I wasn't sure if I wanted to watch this movie when it came up on my guide so I looked it up on IMDb and thought the cover looked pretty cool so I thought I would give it a try expecting a movie like Elephant.<br /><br />Once I got past the fact that I am supposed to dislike the Alicia character played excellently by Busy Phillips I realized what a good job this movie was doing toward setting up the relationship between Alicia and Deanna. Alicia is so mean to Deanna played by Erika Christensen almost throughout the entire movie but we eventually find out that they despite being polar opposites they have one thing in common besides being present at the shooting. They share loneliness and to what extent is revealed as the film progresses.<br /><br />I've just got to say how much I loved this movie and was glad to see all of the positive comments about it. I couldn't even get through Elephant because it just seemed to be exploiting the Columbine tragedy. This movie on the other hand was compelling and realistic. Busy Phillips acting is OFF the CHAIN!!! That is a good thing and I would love to see her progress into some more mature roles.
critique20 The story is extremely unique.It's about these 2 pilots saving Earth from alien beings but they have to use a special speed that makes everything around them age rapidly.The whole series is about the pilots dealing with the loss of timefriendsand mentors.<br /><br />The ending COULD have been fantastic.It started to end on a total down note and leave a real mark but instead ended on a super happy Disney note and annoyed me VERY bad.<br /><br />The animation is decent for 89 but can't compare to nowadays.I have also heard many complain about the cheesiness of the nudity.I actually found it to be somewhat decent.The nudity for the most part was warranted except in episode 2 where there was an excess.<br /><br />Overall it deserves a look but the ending keeps it from being a classic.
critique21 I like it because of my recent personal experience. Especially the ideas that everyone is free and that everything is finite. The characters in the firm did not really enjoy their "real" lives but they did enjoy themselves i.e. what they were. The movie did a good job making this simple day a good memory. A good memory includes not only romantic feelings about a beautiful stranger and a beautiful European city but definitely about the deeper discussion about their values of life. Many movies are like this in terms of discussion of the definitions of life or love or relationships or current problems in life or some sort of those. Before Sunrise dealt with it in a nice way which makes the viewer pause and think and adjust her breath and go on watching the film. Before Sunrise did not try to instill a specific thought into your head. It just encouraged you to think about some issues in daily life and gave you some alternative possibilities. This made the conversations between the characters interesting not just typical whining complaints or flowing dumb ideas. You would be still thinking about those issues for yourself and curious about the next line of the story. The end was not quite important after all. You could got something out of it and feel something good or positive about yourself after the movie. Movies are supposed to be enjoyable. This is an enjoyable movie and worth of your time to watch it. I am on a journey too. The movie somehow represented some part of me and answered some of my questions.
critique22 I liked this film a lot. The actors were great particularly Potente who is different in every role; FÃƒÂ¼rmann who is also able to play anyone; and Loos who spices things up (she is also a talented singer - she sings the song "My Truth" heard when one character cranks up the stereo in the lab).<br /><br />Anatomie is a good horror flick which pays attention to its characters. It is also very gory at times and the set design is innovative. It is too bad they had to make a sequel which is nowhere near the original.<br /><br />On a side note two other things definitely worth mentioning. The DVD is not dubbed which makes for a better experience of the film. Also make sure to keep watching after the final credits start rolling.
critique23 If like me you like your films to be unique and unlike the majority of other movies then I wholly recommend that you check out The Beast. The film is a grotesque erotic fantasy fairytale that centres around a mythological 'Beast' that is rumoured to wander the grounds of a French mansion and lusts after women. The film is very daring with it's subject material and that is something to give it credit for. The theme of bestiality is a definite taboo and for good reason I might add; but the film conveys it; straight and to the point. Like other films that handle a taboo subject at their centre The Beast could have gone around it and made us use our imagination to fill in the gaps but Borowczyk didn't do that and he is brave in that respect especially as making a film like this will leave him open to all kinds of criticisms but the fact that he went ahead with it in my view means a big thumbs up for the guy.<br /><br />The film starts off with a sequence that sees a randy male horse mount a female. This opener puts an exclamation mark on the film and prepares the audience in some ways for the incredible tour de force of eroticism that they are about to see. The scenes which see the beast mate with the woman are gratuitous and shocking and are bound to offend many people (hence the reason it was banned for over 20 years) but these scenes are not merely an excuse for Borowczyk to shock the viewer; this film has a defining point. As said during the film; the only difference between man and beast is intelligence. Both man and beast have instincts only man knows how to control them. The Beast explores this difference between man and beast through sexuality; the fantasy sequence in which the beast appears epitomises the control of human desire and it is only when the central female character lets go of her control that she can see the beast. The film has strong themes of the age-old story of 'beauty and beast' weaved into it and overall this is a shockingly morbid tale of lust but not without a moral.<br /><br />Many criticise the scenes around the film's shocking sex sequences for being boring but these scenes are important to the film's story. Without these scenes we wouldn't get to know the characters or the story of the beast and most importantly; the story of 'beauty and the beast' would not be able to have it's horrifying conclusion dealt to the audience and as that is one of the key elements of the film; it would be a real shame. Besides that Borowczyk keeps his audience entertained through these scenes not with shocks but with dialogue and the upper class persona of the family along with the beautiful shots of the mansion's ground would not be seen and therefore the stark contrast between that and the events later on in the film would not exist either.<br /><br />Overall The Beast is a shocking film. It's portrayal of a taboo subject and the shocking way it is portrayed will ensure that this film is not for everyone. However if you can get over the film's shock and embrace The Beast; what awaits is a skilful and beautiful piece of art that should not be missed by anyone that is willing to give this film a chance.
critique24 Eisenstein describes his collaboration with Prokeviev as an equal partnership where they worked together to match image and music scene by scene. Unfortunately the sound recording was a disaster so for once the devotion to authenticity in Criterion DVD's backfires. Fortunately there is at least one restored version of the film on VHS (BMG Classics) with an excellent re-recording of the music (by the St. Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra and Chorus).<br /><br />It is interesting to compare this film with contemporary propaganda films in England Germany and the United States. Eisenstein's film was made in 1938 in response to the fear of a German invasion; and Olivier's in 1943 when a German invasion of England was still expected. Both films are stagey but in different ways. Olivier begins by showing a staged performance of the play in the Globe Theater by Shakespeare's own company then takes us out of the theater to a more cinematic (though still stylized) setting. Eisenstein's film is cinematic from the beginning but the dialog and speeches are still influenced by the melodramatic acting conventions of the old Russian theater. This works very well for Cerkassov's speeches as Alexander because part of his job as a prince and military leader was to play a role in public.<br /><br />In Nazi Germany the first major propaganda film was Leni Riefenstahl's tedious Triumph of the Will which recorded a huge political spectacle - massed crowds cheering Hitler's ranting speeches. The propaganda in her masterpiece the film of the 1936 Berlin Olympics is much subtler with its worship of the athletic male body carrying disturbing undertones of the Aryan superiority myth. But wartime German propaganda films could also be subtle. Karl Ritter's Urlaub auf Ehrenwort (Furlough on Word of Honor) is typical. It shows a young lieutenant letting the men in his company go on a 24-hour leave before returning to the WWI trenches (and almost certain death). Against the advice of veterans he accepts their word of honor to return though he will be courtmartialed and shot if they don't. Naturally they all return (though some of them berate themselves for it) presumably inspiring the audiences to similar displays of duty to their country.<br /><br />In the United States one of the better WWII propaganda films was Howard Hawks' Air Force. In it we follow the mismatched crew of a bomber as they bond to each other with the experience of battle and overcome obstacles to continue their part in the war. Typically for Hawks' films however their real loyalty is more to each other than to their country.<br /><br />Eisenstein has to reach far back in history to find any Russian military triumphs. Ironically Alexander (like the other Russian princes) is descended from the Vikings who sailed up the Russian rivers to conquer and rule their own fiefdoms. So he is a conquerer repelling another would-be conquerer. Physically they are not that different (though the actors portraying the German princes were obviously chosen for their ugliness and smirking stupidity). But the real contrast is between the common soldiers. The Russian peasants are as tall and strong as the nobles; whereas the German peasants who scuttle out of the shield wall to kill wounded Russians are a foot shorter than their masters. There is some historical truth in this contrast. Russian serfs in the Middle Ages were much better off than their European counterparts because they could always escape into the wilderness and clear their own land.<br /><br />Eisenstein's film also cleverly gives us our first sight of Alexander as a fisherman. In the battle with the Germans he uses his fisherman's knowledge of the ice as well as his knowledge of their military tactics to defeat them. When Gavrilo breaks the shield wall they are forced to regroup and mass on the West side of the lake where the ice is thinner.<br /><br />One of the other pleasures of Eisenstein's film (which most audiences miss) is the historically accurate way that he portrays the politics of medieval Russia. Cities like Pskov and Novgorod owed their growing wealth and prominence largely to trade which put the merchants into power and sidelined the princes until their military expertise and feudal levies were needed to repel invaders. In the film Alexander is shown not only as a military leader but also as a master politician who knows how to wait for his time and how to make the most of his popularity after the victory.
critique25 This story of a teacher who has a relationship with a student is told in a subtle manner something which sets it apart from most films with this plot. Mr. Lam (Jacky Cheung) has a relationship with Choy (Karena Lam who was also so good in "Koma") in what at first appears to be an inexplicable situation. He is married for 20 years to Ching (the great Anita Mui in her last role before she was cruelly taken from us) and it appears to be a loving relationship. When Ching offers to care for hers and Mr. Lam's former teacher Choy and Mr. Lam have the opportunity to be together. What makes the film so good is director Ann Hui's pacing. It takes a while to uncover the secrets of the Lamsm and it all makes sense. The movie is very dramatic and touching. You don't feel any repulsion about the teacher/student situation something that elevates this film above many with the same plot. It is slow moving but stay with it. Also revel in Ms. Mui's wonderful unglamorous but beautiful performance. She was and is someone truly special and in this film you fall in love with her one last time. It is worth the time to witness and just be there with her.
critique26 I wanted to love this movie. Everything seemed to be in place for an enjoyable if not groundbreaking film. It was set in southern France good-looking and recognizable actors led the cast and I really admired the vibrant African costumes the proverbs and music. Despite all this I didn't love it. Movies are supposed to convey their meaning at the first viewing but "Secret Laughter" doesn't do that. Nimi and Matthew as played by Long and Firth (both of whom have played romantic leads before and should have known better) radiate as much warmth and passion as dried fish. I used 'dried fish' deliberately because it was one of a few - too few - strong lines and moments sprinkled throughout the film. Another winner was when Nimi catches Matthew snooping around her apartment. He finds a book of hers with her first name written on it and says: "Your name is Nimi. I never knew." Then he insists that she call him by his Christian name. I watched this scene intently as Matthew asked Nimi over and over to "say my name" realizing that up until that moment they always called each other by their last names. I thought this was a turning point for the film and expected that it get better. It didn't. Why do Nimi and Matthew always seem to stand at ten paces even in that "say my name" scene? What does Matthew like about Nimi aside from her obvious beauty? And why would a sensible woman like Nimi fall for a comic book writer who regards his marriage as something he can put on hold when a beautiful exotic 'adventure' comes along? And I'd like to add that it was a little hard for me to get behind a romance built on adultery. Yes Jenny is a vicious harpy but if I were in her shoes but I'd probably match her Cruella tactics to stop my husband from straying. Believe it. The story hints at Nimi's painful past but never fully explores it. Some critics say Firth seemed a little awkward here and I agree. For goodness sake the actor summoned more palpable longing and passion as that early 19th-century snob Mr. Darcy (and while wearing those hideous britches)! As for Long who did shine in 'Love Jones' there were times when she seemed to concentrate more on her accent than playing her character. Even so there were many moments Ã‚Â– the 'say my name' scene among them Ã‚Â– when she was in total control and came across really well. Yet 'Secret Laughter' is not without its redeeming qualities and I've found that it grew on me with more viewings. Nene was well portrayed as supportive and well-meaning even if she doesn't fully understand Nimi's attraction to Matthew. I absolutely loved it when Nene faced off with Mama Fola in those dueling proverbs scenes. My husband liked it and usually he's the first to sigh and throw insults at the screen if he doesn't like what is going on. He even chuckled at the scene when Sammy asked Matthew some very frank questions about sex. So there you have it. 'Secret Laughter' was good enough to entertain an avowed curmudgeon like my hubby but an avid moviegoer like myself will need more than one viewing to appreciate what the director and writer were trying to convey.
critique27 The 4th Pokemon movie made me cry when Celebi died. Don't you dare say that Pokemon sucks! I don't like it when people say that.... I've liked Pokemon for 5 or 6 years so everyone should enjoy Pokemon including this movie and other Pokemon movies. So without further ado please say that Pokemon is great and should be enjoyed by people for all ages. And also why do Pokemon-haters give low ratings for all or most of the Pokemon movies? I don't understand.... They shouldn't do that.... There's absolutely no reason why people should just vote without proving that Pokemon sucks besides the fact that: 1) Pokemon is for little kids ONLY. 2) Pokemon is stupid. and 3) People shouldn't like Pokemon. I think this is why people don't like Pokemon.
critique28 PEOPLE ARE STUPID.You shouldn't cheer when Paris gets killed in the head with a pipe! It is plain rude!What did Paris do to you? What if that was you? You wouldn't want people cheering for your death!Anyway it was really gory which I liked and it was cool when Elisha's finger gets cut off.It was weird with that twist that they didn't have 2 sons they had tree and all It makes way for a House of Wax 2: Ressurction or something.Paris was great acting in the chase scene.Elisha and Chad chemistry is great they deserve an Oscar.My friends and I were cracking up when that guy said that's hot when Paris and the guy from Cousin Skeeter making out.Lol.K bye.
critique29 This was Gene Kelly's breakthrough and that alone makes it memorable. Throw in Rita Hayworth as his love interest and comedian Phil Silvers of all people as his sidekick and you have the ingredients for a real crowd pleaser which is exactly how it turned out.<br /><br />Kelly plays Danny McGuire a nightclub owner in Brooklyn (Brooklyn is always the "wrong side of the tracks" in '40s films) whose star attraction and love interest is Rusty Parker (Rita Hayworth). Rita is lovely and even plays a dual role as Rusty and Rusty's grandmother. Rusty has a chance at the big time through the machinations of John Coudair (Otto Kruger) who romanced and lost Rusty's grandmother.<br /><br />The plot revolves around Danny cutting Rusty loose to the detriment of his club because she has a chance at success that he can't give her. But naturally that's not what Rusty ultimately wants because as usual in films of that time the right guy is the only thing on the girl's mind. There are no surprises but everybody does their thing well.<br /><br />Kelly does the first of his amazing trick dances this time with himself as a reflection from a glass window. He was the master at that sort of dance and one still has to wonder how they timed everything so precisely so that he really does seem to be in two places at once. The melodrama gets a bit thick and there are some gratuitous war references thrown in that do little but provide the opportunity for a song or two but Kelly takes this film to the next level. This was before he became a mega-star and too smooth perhaps for his own good. An underlying edge of rawness to his character lends it a believable and almost wistful air.<br /><br />Kelly's character in the 1980 "Xanadu" also was named Danny McGuire. This film was the beginning that film the end of a terrific run for a dancing genius. Clearly this film meant a lot to him. Highly recommended.
critique30 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique31 Right there. Good entertaining and accurate era-feel to most scenes. Enough personality variations to cover the real people around those days without story distractions from the exceptions. The credits show Peralta from Mar Vista California.. up the hill from Venice and south of Malibu. I lived there in the Heartbreak Hotel days pre-Beachboys next to that surfer kid Bob Cooper up on Wasatch Avenue where the alley was used to burn surfboards that didn't work. Old skatekey skatewheels were used on plywood cutouts to roll down sidewalk waves. Things were different in each succeeding decade as the cool innocence of the fifties broke into the Warmth of the Sun whitewater freedom and exhilaration of the electric sixties and then into the assertively innovative playtime and inventive evolutionary madness of the weird seventies. The movie gives you a piece of that kind of magic moment in time; in a place where the imaginary wave was real.. the source of culturally significant influences. And BTW there's another movie that has a similarly American street edginess to it and has the same genuinely unique goodness with laid back realness that helps refine that elusively eternal sense of cool.. "Two Lane Blacktop" (with one of the best examples of freesouldoit attitude in West Coast California history.. Dennis Wilson). Like Monte Hellman did with that one thanks SP for being right there with this one. GWR
critique32 This is the funniest sequel I have seen in a long time it is much funnier than the other three and not a bit scary. It has some very gory pieces in the film but not bad enough to make you sick. In this one he has a female doll companion hence the name. If you liked the first three then you'll love this go watch it!
critique33 Nurse Betty was definitely one of the most creative movies that's been released lately. It was funny but it also had many touching moments. Zellwegger Freeman Rock Kinnear & the rest of the cast made their incredibly weird characters seem real. The story took such twist & turns that made it incredibly enjoyable to watch. If you're sick of the recent formula movies see Nurse Betty for something completely different. Go see this movie in the theater or at least rent it when it comes out!
critique34 A couple of days ago I saw the awesome "House of Sand and Fog" and I was impressed with the amazing performance of Ben Kingsley in the lead role. I decided to see "Ray" trying to understand how and why Ben Kingsley did not win the Oscar of Best Lead Actor. After watching Jamie Foxx in the role of Ray Charles I agree with the Academy: he really deserved to be awarded. I like Ray Charles I was not his fan but it is amazing the resemblance of Jamie Foxx with him. The film is completely supported by Jamie Foxx who participates of most of the shootings and his movements on stage looks like as if he was a reincarnation of Ray Charles. With regard to the story I saw the extended version on DVD too long but also very pleasant with many beautiful songs and scenes showing mainly a junkie Ray Charles. My greatest surprise was to find that Ray Charles was heroine addicted and how he treated his own family. The presentation of his childhood through fragmented flashbacks was the boring part of the movie. My vote is nine.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Ray"
critique35 Well it took them 4 tries but they finally got it right! In this 4th sequel to the Karate Kid franchise the producers really hit a home run! Well first of all I applaud them for finally getting rid of Ralph Macchio. I felt he never did service to the role of the Karate Kid. I would have rather have seen Danny 'Ralph Mouth' Most in that role. Macchio turned out what proved to be the best movie in the series and look where his career is now! Instead they put in a girl! They got Hillary Swank best known for playing a variety of sheman parts in every movie she is in. I personally don't care for her buck teeth but thats a personal preference. But still look how Karate Kid 4 launched her career into orbit! She won a freakin Oscar. Jiminey Christmas! Meanwhile where is Ralphy?? He should put out some amateur porn tape like Screech or something.<br /><br />Anyways my only disagreement with the movie is that they have a girl doing karate. As a self-proclaimed master of Karate I have been the proud owner of a white belt for the last 8 5/8 years. The first thing they taught me is that there is no place in any of the martial arts for girls... well except for Judo... but thats kinda gay. So for the purposes of accuracy I think they should have stuck with another male for this role. I was thinking perhaps Dennis Franz. He would give the role the depth it requires.<br /><br />Perhaps they will listen to my suggestions and make the proper adjustments in Karate Kid 5. Its too Pat Marita is no longer. I was thinking maybe Justin Guarini is the perfect replacement for the lovable Asian fellow Mr. Miyagi. He will give "Wax on wax off" a whole new meaning. HAHAHAHAHAHA funny huh? Anyways if you are looking for an exciting movie filled with Karate and triumph of the human spirit Karate Kid 4 is for you. Don't waste your time with 1-3. This is the Karate Kid for you! This is the Karate Kid for r the ages!
critique36 Autumn Spring tells of the misadventures of a dapper walrus faced 78 (approx) year old Czech man who haplessly befuddles and bemuses all who know him with his mischievous ways while his wife meticulously plans her funeral. Centerpiece Hana (BrodskÃƒÂ½) shows us how to get babes to kiss you when your 78 and how to cop a feel in an elevator and get thanked for it as he pranks his way from day to day in this warm and glowing look at old age and one man's creative amusing but socially unacceptable ways of enjoying life while refusing to be relegated to the old folk's home. "Autumn Spring" is a plodding subtle comedy with messages for all ages which will have the greatest appeal with more mature foreign film buffs. (B+)
critique37 The Kite Runner was beautiful poignant and very moving. I particularly loved the two child actors in the film as well as the actor portraying the father. It really made me want to go back and read the book again.<br /><br />The music was a wonderful part of the fabric of the movie. If there is a soundtrack coming out for the film I will buy it to accompany my second reading of the book. It is also a visually stunning film. The cinematography was gorgeous and really added to experience.<br /><br />The Brazilian word 'saudades' is very descriptive of how I felt at the end of the film..."it is a deep feeling of longing for someone or someplace which is very sweet but also tinged with an inescapable sadness" (definition provided years ago by Antonio Carlos Jobim).<br /><br />Saw it at a small cinema here for an advance screening. I would love to see it again on a really large screen with a tricked out sound system.<br /><br />Can't wait for the formal release. I will definitely recommend the film to friends.
critique38 The movie Angels of the Universe is a pure masterpiece and it proves once again that you can make a brilliant movie on a low budget e.g American Beauty and Blair Witch Project. The Director Fridrik ThÃƒÂ³r Fridriksson gives the novel Englar alheimsins a new life on the white screen. The movie is a breakthrough in Icelandic film making because it's the biggest and the greatest movie that has been done in Iceland.<br /><br />The music in the film played by SigurrÃƒÂ³s is very symbolic for the film it is absolutely brilliant. I recommend everybody who are able to think to go and see this film as soon as possible you won't be disappointed. I would bet on this film to win the best foreign film award next year Ã‚Â– all over the globe!
critique39 This is one of the most overlooked gems Hollywood has ever produced. -- A young WWII British fighter ace whose plane is about to crash has radio contact with a young American woman who comforts the brave pilot knowing that within minutes he will be dead. For some reason the man who should certainly be dead walks away from the wreckage and eventually learns that he was meant to report to heaven. When a messanger is sent to ask the pilot to accompany him to heaven the man refuses and demands to have his "day in court" to argue his case. The man argues that his situation had changed during the final moments of his earthly life that he had fallen in love and therefor had become a different person one who deserved a chance to live on. <br /><br />The "heavenly court" is a cinematic delight! The "announcement of the jury of peers" is a definite highlight. The story as fantastic as it seems is an engaging one and will keep you spellbound for the nearly 2 hours play time. The final scene is simply beautiful and will require a "Kleenex treatment" for most viewers. This film is in my personal all-time favorite top 10 it has my highest recommendation!
critique40 This is a very funny movie. There is a self deprecating iconoclastic tone to the movie that is very appealing. The characters are interesting. The movie flows very well and holds your interest throughout the 1 hour 50 minutes duration of the film. The film quality is not of the highest Hollywood standards; however the original film was supposed to be made in the genre of a gritty punk-rock style. The documentary about the attempt to make the film and the subsequent betrayal of the film makers is very well detailed and easy to follow. The original film makers themselves become the main characters in the documentary version of the movie. The interviews of the film makers and the actors has been assembled in a highly entertaining story that illustrates the struggles involved in making the original film the eventual failure of the original project and the phoenix-like rising from the ashes that evolved into this documentary film. In my mind the documentary (A Texas Tale of Treason) is a much more interesting and entertaining film than the original film (Waldos Hawiian Vacation) would have ever been. Two thumbs up for a job well done.
critique41 There I was sitting alone in my flat on a Saturday night with the choice of watching CITIZEN X or The Eurovision Song Contest  and for the benefit of Americans reading this I'll explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from countries all over Europe and Asia Minor have a song contest. At the end of the contest countries vote to see what the best song was . It's a contest that is even less exciting than it sounds and it may not come as a shock when I say that singing and songwriting isn't of the calibre of Lennon and McCartney . And I should correct something in the first sentence of this review because the word " Choice " is misleading because being a music lover I wasn't going to watch TESC under any circumstance.<br /><br />So I sat down as the credits rolled for CITIZEN X expecting a run of mill serial killer whodunnit  but I'd be misleading everyone calling it that. It's obvious within the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X whodunnit . What the film does is point out the failures of communism : " A serial killer comrade ! This is the Soviet Union  serial killers can only exist in decadent imperialist capitalist systems " This farcical attitude goes far beyond denial  there's a scene where an undercover cop sits in a freezing train station keeping an eye out for potential suspects whilst wearing his police jacket because it's the only warm coat he's got ! And of course all suspects who are members of the communist party are released without interrogation something which will affect the final death toll . All this is very well done as we are shown that it's the communist party system that's on trial but about two thirds of the way through CITIZEN X we find ourselves in 1990 as communism is on its last legs and reforms to the police investigation have taken place . It's at this point that the film becomes rather uninteresting due to a lack of political subtext and the film descends into an average manhunt film . But don't let that put you off  CITIZEN X is an intelligent thriller well played by the cast especially Donald Sutherland as a paternal police chief<br /><br />Strangely enough a few years ago I read something written by the famous criminologist Colin Wilson in which he said something along the lines that serial killers let themselves get caught so that they will be the center of attention in the media spotlight  and I found myself almost sympathising the party chiefs denying there could be a serial killer in the Soviet Union. After all media is controlled by the party and anyone who's old enough to have listened to Radio Moscow or read English translations of Pravda will know that the USSR only reported news stories like potato harvests  coal production and thank you letters from Afghanistan  Cuba etc for Soviet assistance . The concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical . But I guess if a tree falls in a remote Siberian forest it will still make a sound even though no one is around to hear it .
critique42 This is an almost action-less film following Jack an insomniac as he goes through hallucinations is visited by dead friends throws himself off a building and for a lot of the time can't tell reality from hallucination.<br /><br />Dominic Monaghan as Jack is truly believable. Confused and scared but lethargic and at times blankly accepting of what he sees we follow him trying to sort out what he's seeing and find a way to sleep.<br /><br />Introduce a talking dog (another hallucination) and children that suddenly appear in Jack's bathroom and bedroom without any explanation as to how they got there (more hallucination) and you have an interesting mind boggling 43 minutes And the shower scene is enough to get any Dom fan coming back for more.
critique43 This was an awesome movie with flight scenes that were incredibly realistic! I have seen it multiple times and it has kept my attention throughout every time. I myself am a big fan of the Air Force and love to watch any movie where I can get a glimpse of an F-16 flying. If you like Top Gun then I guarantee you will love this movie also. Except for a few mild curse words this is an excellent movie for the whole family. It has a great plot and does not have a dull moment throughout the entire movie. Every second is action packed and keeps you on the edge of your seat waiting to see what happens next. So once again I HIGHLY recommend this movie!!!
critique44 To start with I have done some further research on the film. Firslty Jules Dassin directed and acted in this extremely imaginative and different film noir crime film. Secondly This was a very low budget film created in the Rennaissance of the prime moment of film noir. Thirdly the jewelers where the robbery was attempted is an actual jewelers. The producers of Rififi asked them to film their surprisingly (I quote Jules Dassin in a recent interview on the subject "surprisingly for some not very obvious reason they were delighted at the idea of a crime film being set in their shop). <br /><br />It's impeccable characters and plot fit in so beautifully with their surroundings. To add on to my praise I will say this; some might say that this was a typical Hollywood film on the contrary this set the base for the regular plot of a Hollywood crime film. <br /><br />Laslty I would like to say that I support this fresh idea of a film where not only one side wins and that side doesn't always have to be the good one. For once I can say that a film is not predictable! Ten stars!
critique45 Slasher movies started may be 30 to 35 years before this movie but believe me this one among those pearl that will stay longer after you turned of TV set. Especially if you are a person easily scared this is the movie for you for which you wouldn't have stomach to take it full. Even after so many years the movie hasn't lost its charm and thrill.<br /><br />No blood no gore but the thrill will for sure chill your spine out. the movie starts with the bang and it stay with the same pace till its end. BGM is nerve cracking and i remember this was the one copied in many Indian movies those days. Kings favorite? No wonder why... thats the only reason i wanted to see this and it didn't let me down. "Don't turn off the lights"... coz you wont find Enrique but may be a smiling doll sitting right behind you! beware. not for the lite hearted...<br /><br />Two thumps up and i am going with 8 out of 10 which is pretty low but still i preserve my ratings for Dramas...
critique46 Once upon a time Hollywood produced live-action G-rated movies without foul language immorality and gore-splattered violence. These movies neither insulted your intelligence no manipulated your emotions. The heroes differed little from the crowd. They shared the same feelings and bore the same burdens. Since the 1970s the film industry has pretty much written off G-rated movies for adults. Basically modern mature audiences demand large doses of embellished realism for their cinematic diet laced heavily with vile profanity mattress-thumping sex and knuckle-bruising fisticuffs. These ingredients constitute the difference between G-rated movies and those rated either PG or PG-13.<br /><br />Miraculously director John Lee Hancock who penned scripts for Clint Eastwood's "A Perfect World" (1993) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997) hits a home run with this G-rated feel-good four-bagger of a baseball epic that not only celebrates America's favorite summer time sport but also extols the competitive spirit of the game. Essentially "The Rookie" resembles the 1984 Robert Redford saga "The Natural" about an old-time slugger who makes a comeback. Unlike "The Natural" "The Rookie" shuns swearing sex and violence.<br /><br />Moreover rugged Dennis Quaid plays a real-life individual. Jim Morris' autobiography "The Oldest Rookie: Big-League Dreams from a Small-Town Guy" served as the basis for Mike "Finding Forrester") Rich's unpretentious Norman Rockwell-style screenplay about white middle-class aspirations. Morris attained his dream when he debuted on the mound as a relief pitcher in 1999. Although it doesn't belong in the same league with the inspirational James Stewart classic "The Stratton Story" (1949) "The Rookie" qualifies as the kind of movie that Hollywood rarely makes anymore because audiences find them antiquated.<br /><br />Hancock and Rich encapsulate their entertaining oddball biography in a halo of mysticism. A wildcat oil prospector convinces two Catholic nuns back in the 1920s to bankroll a West Texas well. Fearing they have blown their bucks on an ill-advised fantasy the sisters blanket the arid terrain with rose petals and entreat St. Rita's patron saint of hopeless causes' to intervene. The well gushes! The Town of Big Lake emerges and roughnecks swat at baseballs when they aren't drilling holes in the terrain. The spirit of baseball oozes from the earth like petroleum. Meanwhile years later the U.S. Navy doesn't keep Jim Morris Sr. (Brian Cos of "Manhunter") and his family in one place long before uprooting them. The constant moving takes a toll on Jim Junior. Jim's dad shows little sympathy and berates baseball.<br /><br />Nevertheless Jim has baseball in his blood enough so that when he accepts a high school chemistry teacher's job in his Texas hometown he organizes a baseball team. Like the foul-mouthed "Bad News Bears" "The Rookie" chronicles Jim's triumph at turning losers into winners. Morris promises the team if they reach the divisional playoffs he will try out for a professional baseball team. Predictably Morris' students maintain their end of the bargain. At age 35 Jim stuns the big league scouts when he hurls fastballs at 98 miles-per-hour! "The Rookie" never fouls out.
critique47 While the British produced some hilarious and slick sitcoms in the 1990s - Ab Fab Men Behaving Badly One Foot in the Grave etc. - the 70s were the real golden age.<br /><br />In the 1970s there were whole new territories to explore including the sexual revolution feminism and the slowly evolving awareness of a need for "sensitivity" that would twenty years later become Political Correctness. Attempts to grapple with the confusion of this thoroughly modern world were the subtle and not-so-subtle themes in everything from the skits of Monty Python's Flying Circus to sitcoms like Man About the House. (By the late 70s this "grappling" resulted in more meditative and bitter-sweet sitcoms such as the masterpiece Butterflies.)<br /><br />Man About the House is a perfect example of the good Britcoms of the time - slightly genteel cheeky fresh ingenuous sometimes outrageous with some well made observations on contemporary life. Compare it to a cynical 90s show such as Ab Fab and it is hard to believe the two were created in the same country.<br /><br />Man About the House is one of the great Britcoms of the 70s right up there with Good Neighbors (The Good Life) and About the House's spin off George and Mildred. Its quality is attested to by the fact that - as with Good Neighbors - its creators writers and many of its cast have had continued success in British television.
critique48 It surprises me that I actually got the courage to watch the bio flick or flicks "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? Because if my Cuban exile parents would ever found out I saw this movie about this despicable mass murderer of the Cuban revolution I would be grounded for life. Hey wait? I am an adult they can't ground me no mas. Director Steven Soderbergh and newbie commie (sorry Steven but I had to take Soder shots here) divides the movie in two partes on Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara's revolutionary life. "Che: Part 1" presents how Che in the mid 1950's joined Fidel Castro's guerilla crew in their revolutionary quest to overthrow Cuban President Fulgencio Batista's regime; which as we all know was a revolutionary success for them but a gargantuan guerilla disaster to many Cubans as it revolted into Communism. "Che: Part 2" presents Che trying to revolutionize the T-Shirt industry by pitching T-Shirts with his appalling bearbado face to T-Shirt manufacturers. OK I am che-chatting a lot of crap towards your way! I meant to say the 'Che: Part 2" focuses on Che in the late 60's trying to bring back the revolution this time to a poverty-stricken Bolivia but with far different results. In fact Che ended up being dead meat enchelada when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967. Soderbergh does not include the in-between time of those two instances in Che's life when he commanded the despicable La Cabana Fortress Prison in Cuba where he mass murdered many Cubans who opposed Communism. That is where I think Soderbergh executed a cinematic injustice by not showing the viewers how atrocious Guevara really was. I did decide to see "Che" in hopes that Soderbergh would not glamorize him but instead present how disturbed he really was. Unfortunately Soderbergh did not do the latter and sadly decided to present Guevara as a Revolutionary hero which he was not. He was a sick man who thank God is now probably at the bottom of the devil barrel. Now I do have to be an objectivistic reviewer and must admit that Benicio Del Toro's performance as Che was extremely commanding and worthy of merit. And that Demian Bichir was a haunting dead-ringer as Fidel Castro in his meticulous performance. But the rest of the cast of "Che" was primarily comprised of mediocre performances of actors portraying Guerilla soldiers. And as much as I do admire Matt Damon why did Sodebergh throw him in the revolutionary mix in a Spanish-speaking cameo performance portraying a Bolivian delegate? Soderbergh did not have to present this biopic which is mostly "too much talk and not enough action" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We have had too much of Che already even posthumously with those ridiculous t-shirts so why give us too much more of him? But I guess when you have the Del Toro by the horns (as you did here Steven) I guess it is your saving grace for not totally executing "Che: Parts 1 &2". *** Average
critique49 Kudos to the writers of this film for creating a supremely engaging drama. The curious character development is indicative of a nuanced and well schooled writing team. The audience member cannot but help but to feel that (s)he must make wrenching emotional decisions pitting the cerebral against the libidinal. The viewer has an opportunity to develop the character herself though her predictions are rarely validated.<br /><br />Credit is also due to the filmmakers for breathing life into the setting. The wood-shop is transformed into a unique persona as the film unfolds with its own traits faults a variety of highly charged relationships and of course a fate inexorably tied to that of the other principals.<br /><br />Make sure to catch this one at your local art-house.
critique50 While "The Kiss of the Spider Woman" cast Raul Julia as a political prisoner in an unidentified Latin American country this time he works for a dictator in a fictional Latin American country. Specifically the dictator suddenly drops dead so Julia replaces el presidente with a Broadway actor (Richard Dreyfuss) shooting a movie in the country. From there Dreyfuss has to figure out how to be a dictator all the while balancing it with his own life.<br /><br />Is it appropriate to turn the tense situation in Latin America into comedy? Well "Moon Over Parador" does a good job with it. No matter what they do in this movie they pull it off. It just goes to show why Richard Dreyfuss is one of the greatest actors of our era and what we lost when Raul Julia died. Definitely worth seeing. Also starring Sonia Braga (who co-starred with Raul Julia in "TKOTSW") Jonathan Winters and Sammy Davis Jr.<br /><br />I agree: the first lady is hot.
critique51 This is one of those movies that are very underrated. Again i am voting for an underrated movie. This movie has a good story line maybe a bit farfetched but it could happen. Sean Astin(one of my favorite actors) again shows us a good performance. The guy does a great job in acting but never gets recognized for his roles. He has done well since the goonies. Not only him but Louis Gosset JR. does a swell job. I thought maybe this movie would have made more money in theaters but who cares about money anyways. All around this is a good movie that will have you at the edge of your seat at times and the plot will keep the movie moving itself. I enjoyed this movie and hopefully the rest of you will as well.
critique52 I stumbled on this series rather by accident. After half an episode I was hooked. American Gothic was a dark strange series with Gary Cole as the mysterious probably evil Sheriff Buck who is trying to gain control of his illegitimate son Caleb played by Lucas Black. I was impressed with Gary Cole's sinister sheriff and I was even more impressed with Lucas Black. Lucas Black's Caleb was able to stand up against Sheriff Buck one of the most frightening characters ever created for a TV series. I have rarely seen a child actor with as much presence or talent as Lucas Black. If you were not lucky enough to see Lucas in American Gothic see him in Slingblade.<br /><br />It was a remarkable show with many ambiguities and mysteries that were never explained during it's short run.
critique53 The movie concerns about Philip(Leslie Howard)he's a serious but handicapped medicine student .He falls fatally in love with a heartless predatory waitress called Mildred(Bette Davis).She leaves him engaging with others(Alan HaleReginald Denny).Meanwhile he is romanced with another suitors(Kay JohnsonFrances Dee)but she goes back in a mutually destructive affair.<br /><br />Easily the best and first of numerous films versions of Somerset Maugham's novel. Bette Davis as the cockney cruel waitress winning yet another magnificent interpretation with an alluring and smouldering performance absolutely hypnotic in her account of the bondage that occurs from the beginning to the finale.Davis rose the stardom with her performance.Her role as tough and crude domineering woman will be repeated several times in posteriors acting . Leslie Howard as the essentially good and decent student subtly destroyed gives an excellent and melancholic performance.He was an awesome actor(Gone with the wind)besides producer and writer and dead in plane crash during WWII. Both will play again in Ã‚Â¨Petrified forestÃ‚Â¨(1936). The atmosphere film is elaborately recreated in the RKO(Radio Picture Inc) studio is entirely convincing. Remade in 1946 by Edmund Goulding with Eleanor Parker and Paul Henreid; and in 1964 by Ken Hughes with Kim Novak and Laurence Harvey . The motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs. Rating : Very good but a little bit dated.
critique54 Although I have not seen this mini-series in over twenty years I can still remember how the balance between characterplot and tale of marvelous adventures succeeded. The use of special effects was restrained making a more poetic rather than literal telling of the story. The two versions I've seen were dubbed (English and French)but the actors appear to speak their own language not just Italian so there is a synchronization problem. It does not spoil the story telling. Among the cast Irene Pappas as Penelope is the most recognizable to North Americans. Recommended to all followers of Odysseus' ever returning.
critique55 I'd read about FLAVIA THE HERETIC for many years but I only got to see it early last year when I went on an insane movie-buying binge and for whatever reason it has been on my mind lately though it's been some months since I watched it.<br /><br />It's a striking film set in Italy somewhere around the 15th century. Definitely Medieval-era (though I don't think any specific year is ever given). This being the time of Christian ascendancy the age is a time of utter madness and the movie captures this very well.<br /><br />Flavia our protagonist is a young lady who encounters a fallen Muslim on a battlefield. He seems a warm and intriguing fellow and she's immediately taken with him. Her father a soldier of a a family of some standing comes along almost immediately and murders the wounded man right before her eyes. But she'll continue to see him in her dreams.<br /><br />Her father ships her off to a convent that seems more like an open-air insane asylum--the residents so harshly repressed by unyielding Medieval Christianity slowly go mad. Flavia comes under the influence of one of the nuttier nuns. But in a mad world only the sane are truly mad and this sociopathic sister clearly recognizes the insanity around her. Her take on the times in which they live strikes a chord with Flavia who being young and apparently sheltered is beginning to question everything about this world in which she finds herself trapped.<br /><br />The movie is unflinching in its portrayal of that world showcasing a lot of unpleasantness. We see a horse gelded a lord rape one of the women of his lands in a pig-sty the pious torture of a young nun. Through it all Flavia observes and questions rejecting eventually the Christian dogma that creates such a parade of horrors in terms that would gain the movie some criticism over the years for seeming anachronistic. I disagree with that criticism. Flavia's views though sometimes expressed in ways that vaguely mirror for example then-contemporary feminist commentary (the movie was made in 1974) revolve around what are really pretty obvious questions. It is perhaps difficult to believe she could be so much of a fish out of water in her own time but that's the sort of minor point it doesn't do to belabor. Flavia is written in such a way to allow those of our era or of any era to empathize with her plight. Getting bogged down on such a matter would be missing the forest for the trees.<br /><br />Flavia is heartened when the Muslims arrive invading the countryside and she finds in their leader a new version of the handsome Islamist who still visits her dreams. Smitten with her almost immediately he allows her to virtually lead his army becoming a Joan of Arc figure in full battle-gear and directing the invaders to pull down Christian society and wreak vengeance upon all those she's seen commit evil.<br /><br />Is she the herald of a new and better world? She may think so but Muslims of that era weren't big on feminism either as she soon learns the hard way. As they say meet the new boss...<br /><br />This is really just a thumbnail of some of the things that happen in FLAVIA THE HERETIC. The movie is quite grim and with a very downbeat rather depressing ending. Not a mass-audience movie at all to be sure. It's quite good though and doesn't belong on the "nunsploitation" pile on which it is often carelessly thrown. I think there's much value in the final film and I'm glad I saw it.
critique56 I love this movie. I mean the story may not be the best but the dancing most certainly makes up for it. You get to know a little bit about each character the way THEY want you to learn about them. I just think that you won't like this movie unless you're into Broadway...
critique57 William Castle is notorious among horror fans as the B-grade director of the 1950s and 60s. His gimmicks his cost-cutting techniques and his unique vision are legendary. It comes as no surprise then that someone (Jeffrey Schwarz who's made countless documentaries) would finally take the time to devote a documentary to his greatness. Such is "Spine Tingler: The William Castle Story".<br /><br />I had a general understanding of who Castle was having seen some of his films over the years. I knew nothing about her personal life his goals and ambitions. This film really fleshed out the man and gave me a fuller appreciation for the devotion he had for the craft of film-making and his contributions to the horror genre. The movie depicts Castle as rival to Alfred Hitchcock with Hitch being the artist who wins praise while Castle is the carnival barker who gains cult notoriety but much less respect. He is an icon to all second-rate directors out there which is why it's not surprising that John Waters is featured prominently in here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have sizable roles.) <br /><br />His gimmicks were what drove his fame and the documentary takes great pains to explain them which is crucial for those who are too young to remember. The rudimentary 3-D of "13 Ghosts" (see separate review) the buzzer in the seat for "The Tingler" (see separate review) money back guarantees for "Homicidal"... watching these films now outside the theater we can judge them for their content (which personally I still enjoy) but we cannot fully appreciate what audiences once felt.<br /><br />The climax of the film is when Castle goes from cult director to Hollywood producer. Having bought the rights to "Rosemary's Baby" he is put in a very special place for negotiating its film release. Hoping to direct he is sidelined to producer in order to make way for new director Roman Polanski. While at first disappointed this proves to be one of the best opportunities of his lifetime -- a hugely successful film and a job he excels at. Who better to control the purse of wild artist Polanski than a penny-pinching Castle? This was to be his crowning achievement though sadly the film is more often connected to Polanski than Castle.<br /><br />The remainder of his years are played out and we are given personal reflections by his daughter and niece. Across the board everyone seems to have nothing but praise for the man. Somewhere along the way he surely upset one or two people but you would never know it from this film. And I find that find -- this is a celebration of Bill Castle's life not "E! True Hollywood Story". Fans of the genre would do well to pick up a copy of this work.<br /><br />I would personally recommend picking up the William Castle Collection which has not only this but eight of Castle's films in it with plenty of special features. Even this documentary comes with an audio commentary so you can hear how Schwarz was personally affected by Castle and have Castle's daughter Terry giving a running reflection of her experiences with the different films and remakes. It's almost a whole new film.
critique58 Oh the sixties. There were some interesting films. I was more of a movie goer then. I now enjoy renting movies and relaxing in my home rather than going to the theater. I also saw this short film " The Legend of the Boy and the Eagle". I have been searching for this film for years. It was truly inspiring. Surprisingly I was finally able to gather more information from your site. Thank You........ I'm surprised to find out that this short film was an opening for a Disney picture. I too did not remember the Disney film. I did not even remember that it was an opening film for Disney. I truly wish they would show this on TV sometime. I wonder if Disey holds the rights to this film? Is it available on DVD? This is a must see for all generations!!!
critique59 Director Don Siegel really impressed me with this film. It is starkly shot graphic without being visually graphic well-acted by all concerned and covers some of the most taboo issues of any day in a workmanlike almost expected normalcy hitherto not seen in any other film by this reviewer. I didn't know what to expect sitting down to watch this: a civil war movie or some kind of 70's soft-core peddling with Eastwood descending on a school for girls in the South. But really is is neither of those things but rather and examination exploration and descent into the soul of men and women - a dark commentary on what is at the core of the civilized. as one reviewer previously noted none - none - of the characters are likable by the film's end and yet each one is interesting complex and enigmatic. Eastwood plays Cpl. McBurney a Union soldier found by young Pamelyn Ferdin(you'll recognize that voice as soon as you hear it) a girl at a school for manners headed by Geraldine Page amidst the chaos that was the Civil War - particularly in the South. Soon Page teacher Elizabeth Hartman lovely young seductress Carol and even Ferdin(Amy)have emotional/sexual ties to Eastwood - each having their own needs and secrets and problems. Eastwood is not a nice man. he plays the girls off of each other always trying to get the sexual advantage. In the unfolding we get some real interesting things revealed from latent lesbianism to incest. The Beguiled for me is a masterpiece that far exceeded my expectations on every creative front. This might be(except for Invasion of the Body Snatchers) Siegel's best film. It certainly is one of Eastwood's best REAL performances. page is always so very good and Hartman Fe5rdin et al excellent. the Gothic manse set for the school is effectively claustrophobic. Some of the sexual-laced scenes disturbing. And what happens to Eastwood is a leg up on much of the competition for creepy eerie demented film.
critique60 I made a promise that if ever I posted a comment that was less than complimentary then later felt different about it I would return and make known my change of heart. So far this is the first time it's happened. <br /><br />I'm really starting to enjoy Hack. Something has clearly changed. The storylines seem to be much stronger. The plot may still be a tad surreal but the characters have developed so much more depth that a surreal plot can be forgiven. I attribute this to fine acting. <br /><br />Not every show can come charging out of the starting gate a winner. Some need time to pick up speed. I'm glad I kept watching this program and I really hope it lasts.
critique61 If this film had been directed by DW Griffith or Stanley Kubrick it would be recognized for what it is: a cinematic masterpiece told with depth and subtlety and passion a film with no equal in the visual realm. It is unremittingly stunning and also very brutal in its depiction of our great heritage of greed and annihilation. And of course what the reviewers could not abide is it doesn't tell a simple narrative dick-and-jane tale like 99% of hollywood output. Its characters are complex and confused by their passions and thoughts fears and emotions. They even appear to be thinking something your average movie reviewers do not understand and cannot abide so they destroyed it. See the original uncut wide-screen version. It is stunning.
critique62 I have never commented on a film before. I watched this movie with my girlfriend last night. I've read comments saying this movie stays with you. It does. It's been almost 24 hours and I am still completely affected. This movie left me questioning my own self. How can I possibly compare myself to a character such as Ben who is totally selfless. I loved this movie. I love movies that keep me guessing and wondering until the end. I feel two emotions predominantly happiness and sadness. An amazing feel good movie and a very sad one too. I so wanted Ben and Emily to be together but in the end they were forever. If you haven't seen this movie get it and watch it. Just make sure you have no distractions. You'll want to see every nuance in this picture. One for my library.
critique63 This is the second film I've seen of Ida Lupino as a director after 53's the hitch-hiker. I think this one was a better film then that one. This one has a girl who is about to get married and she is then sexually assaulted and doesn't like everyone looking and talking about her so she runs away and and is taken in by a family. I think Leonard Maltin's review is right only to give it 2 and 1/2 stars.
critique64 I approached this film with low expectations but was very pleasantly surprised. It is very well done and it beats hands down the ballroom dancing movies of recent years especially "Strictly Ballroom". While the music is nice and the dancing colourful for me the movie is not about dancing. It is about the very Japanese institution that gives male office workers long commutes to work and free time after work for entertainment that does not involve their families. Here we have the man with the complete family and the large mortgage and a flagging zest for life. He is drawn to the attractive image of a young woman in a dance studio he passes during his commute and this leads him to try ballroom dancing. Also Japanese is the fact that the lecherous motives that initiated his new passion are made plain but somehow accepted at least eventually by family and audience. Attitudes to ballroom dancing as conveyed in the film are definitely non-Western though the discipline and the music are clearly cultural imports to Japan. The cultural contrasts are thus intriguing. Even without the cultural insights the colour the dance and the enthusiasm of the players all make this a fun film to watch.
critique65 Edward Dmytryk directed this shadowy movie about a murder investigation involving demobilized military personnel. Robert Young gets to lecture us about hatred Robert Mitchum walks through most of this picture and Gloria Grahame revisits the feistiness she exhibited in "It's A Wonderful Life." It's Robert Ryan who gets at the heart of the matter: anti-semiticism. He goes so deep into his role as Monty Montgomery (Imagine parents named Lawrence calling their son Larry!) that the drama sits squarely on his shoulders and he is more than up to the challenge. Without him the movie would be commonplace. Ryan has played a number of memorable villains in his day ("Bad Day at Black Rock;" "Billy Budd") but this performance put him on the map. With Sam Levene as the murder victim.
critique66 This film has its detractors and Courtney's fey dresser may offend some folks (who frankly need a good smack upside the head) -- but the film is top notch in every way: engaging poignant relevant. Finney naturally is larger than life. Courtney makes an ideal foil. I thought the performances to be terribly strong in both leads and Courtney's character provides plenty of dark humor. The period is well captured the supporting cast well chosen. This is to be seen and savored like a fine cordial. I only wish it were out on DVD already...(*sigh*)...
critique67 This movie isn't as bad as I heard. It was enjoyable funny and I love that is revolves around the holiday season. It totally has me in the mood to Christmas shop and listen to holiday music. When this movie comes out on DVD it will take the place of Christmas Vacation in my collection. It will be a movie to watch every year after Thanksgiving to get me in the mood for the best time of the year. I heard that Ben's character was a bit crazy but I think it just adds to the movie and why be so serious all the time. Take it for what is it a Christmas comedy with a love twist. I enjoyed it. No it isn't Titanic and it won't make your heart pound with anticipation but it will bring on a laugh or two. So go laugh and have a good time:)
critique68 GI Samurai sees Sonny Chiba and some other guys get transported back to civil war stricken feudal Japan for no particular reason and much carnage ensues. It's a rather over the top essay of sword vs. machine gun that ultimately yields some interesting results.<br /><br />The plot essentially runs along the rails that you might expect from the title; initial fish-out-the-water antics ("what is this flying metal box?" etc etc) "aren't we better off here" discussions and ultimately a huge battle. The latter is proof that the film doesn't take itself seriously at all the carnage taking up most of the second half as samurai army battles Chiba's platoon; a face off one would fully expect from the title but it still manages to overwhelm with its inventiveness and extravagance. It's certainly one of the most unique battle sequences of its time and doesn't drag despite its extended length.<br /><br />Chiba gives a gruff performance as Iba initially a good leader but someone who finally finds himself questioning his own morals as the situation slowly has an effect on him. This is certainly one of his better vehicles from his terrific CV. By the final act the two worlds have had such an effect on each other you have to wonder if it was a bit of nihilism on the part of the writers as they seem to be asking "weren't we better off back then?'. But this is maybe reading a bit much into was can generally be described as a hugely entertaining two hours of (almost) non stop action.
critique69 'Radio' is a beautiful movie based on a real story of the mentally challenged James Robert Kennedy nicknamed 'Radio' and the football coach from the T.L. Hanna High School Harold Jones.<br /><br />Cuba Gooding Jr. is excellent as Radio! I would never imagine to see him in a serious performance specially because most of the movies I watch with him are comedies. Ed Harris is great as Harold Jones but this actor IS great so this is not anything new.<br /><br />The mentally challenged young man called James Robert Kennedy always walk around the T.L. Hanna High School without bothering anyone and almost not noticed. One day when the football's ball is throw near him he decides to stay with the ball for the impatience of Johnny Cash one of the best players from the football team and also one of the most unpleasant guys you would ever met. One day Cash decides to punish James mocking him with other football players and even go so far as to tie him up.<br /><br />When coach Jones discovers that horrible act he stays angry and punish all the team deciding for this day on to help James who gets the nickname 'Radio' because of his passion for radios in general.<br /><br />The movie shows how Radio becomes an adept assistant helping the team train despite hardships from the players and even getting respect from basically all the people who lives in the small city. <br /><br />I would recommend this movie for everybody who wants to watch a real and beautiful story. It has a life lessonspecially showing us how a person can make a difference even not being what we call ''normal''. Radio has a big heart and is incapable to hate anyone and that's a thing that we all should apply to our daily lives.
critique70 Ever wonder where the ideas for romance novels and other paper back released come from? According to 'Jake Speed' they are based on real people living out the adventures they write about and publish. This movie is quality family entertainment moderate amounts of violence and skimpy clothes at the worst. The language is is also not a problem and the jokes are funny at all levels. This is a 'Austin Powers' look at 'Indian Jones' without the over-the-top antics of Michael Myers. I highly recommend this film for kids in the 10 to 15 range.
critique71 While essentially a remake of the original Chinese Ghost Story this third installment has higher production values and greater subtlety in both the acting and the story. Tony Leung is particularly good. CGS III is a gorgeous moving film.
critique72 In the spirit of the Great Space Coaster but a few years earlier.<br /><br />Hot Fudge was one of the psychedelic kid's shows that I grew up on. Seymour was a big fuzzy green puppet with a crescent smile of enormous teeth which nearly split his head I recall him wearing a variety of Elton John-type shades.<br /><br />He "played" piano and had a Jesus looking dude in a white tux sitting next to him. They would have a moral discussion and then do a song about it.<br /><br />Don't remember much else except the opening theme Seymour and the Hippie.<br /><br />No one else I know remembers it at all. I grew up in Jersey so if it was produced in Detroit as a previous post said it wasn't just local. Seymour reminded me a lot of Sherlock the Squirrel from the Magic Garden (another psychedelic kids show if there ever was one.) People always talk about LSD's effects of music and movies of the 70s but it seems kid's show writers got a dose as well.
critique73 Space Camp is a pretty decent film. The plot is predictable but the actors do a good job and the special effects are decent for the time.<br /><br />This film was originally released about the time of the shuttle disaster and that really put a hamper on how popular it was.<br /><br />The scene where the shuttle doors open in space is simply spectacular... on the big screen that is... on a TV... it just looks average. I remember this scene in the theater. It made you feel like you were really up there.<br /><br />This would be a good film to see on IMAX but I'm sure that will never happen.
critique74 I just love this movie and I have my TV programed to record it when it comes on again on Nov. 2nd. It is a really nice love story with a twist. The song that is played at the end of the movie is one you would not think would be a big hit but it is a song that stays in your head and I am now trying to find that song so I can hear it and play it. I really have no style of the shows I see or the songs I like to hear and there for makes me pretty open to seeing things new with an open mind. I would like to say there is some parts in this movie that is not meant for the whole family to watch. This movie does show skin. It is kinda like a lifetime movie for women about women. I say watch the movie and you may just like it as much as I did.
critique75 OK. A warning for anyone out there who is a parent or guardian. Be careful about who you see this film with - ie - DO NOT TAKE KIDS TO SEE THIS FILM. I'll explain why.<br /><br />1 - the title is misleading and the film has nothing to do with romance - I assume this was fully intentional on the producers behalf but is annoying 2 - the film itself is really very very disturbing. I have some problems - first is the fact that the film is neither violent or sexual and therefore is not a 'horror film'. But it IS a very disturbing film and involves a child and his parents and a small town.<br /><br />OK it boils down to this. The film is not suitable for minors because it contains sequences and images that are unsettling and would be confusing to a child. Is has a bizarre quality to it and its ONLY because it has a child in it that makes me feel its unsuitable. As a parent myself I feel strongly enough to want to tell people because I read only the other day that it is having a release in theatres.<br /><br />I hope im not offending the film makers by saying this but I think its my right because its getting a release and has an M rating only.(because its not violent or sexual). Just weird and unsettling but pretty good in and of itself.
critique76 This is the kind of movie England can do in its sleep and that's meaning it as a compliment. Because of the success of very British comedies of manners situated at the end or beginning of the Twentieth Century most notably adaptations of E. M. Forster novels this very Merchant-Ivory like production was received in the light it brought when it was released in 1992. It was an exceptional year for actress Miranda Richardson having appeared as the wife of Jeremy Irons who discovers her husband has been having an affair in the worst possible way in DAMAGE and as the IRA terrorist who eventually dons a wig and gets a nasty comeuppance in THE CRYING GAME. Here she plays a quiet serene type of woman in Rose Arbuthnot one who with Josie Lawrence who plays Lottie Wilkins embarks on a trip that is filled with self-discovery. They are joined by an unlikely pair of ladies: one Caroline Dester played by the enigmatic Polly Walker who resembles a very vamp Louise Brooks (and not just in the style of hair she wears) and Mrs. Fisher (Joan Plowright). This foursome will eventually merge together into becoming deep friends only because the story is so filled with spring and an overwhelming dreamy sweetness it almost preordains it but this is fine; it's the movie it wants to be. Alfred Molina and Jim Broadbent (then relatively new to American audiences) fill out the cast as the husbands of the two main characters and all in all Mike Newell makes with his movie a living thing of near-magical elements full of quiet moments and wonder.
critique77 Susan Sarandon. She made this movie for me. I've never appreciated her acting more than as I did in this movie. She really acted as though she were Adele August. I can appreciate actors and actresses who leave their individual persona and create a character who's truly believable. <br /><br />Natalie Portman as Ann August helped create the ideal antagonist as their characters developed through the movie. The movie was about them so the other characters were peripheral.<br /><br />I gave this movie an eight rating but Susan received a ten from me because of her performance. As far as relationship movies go Beaches and Terms of Endearment had a greater impact on me than this movie but I highly recommend it.
critique78 I was mighty impressed with Nurse Betty all the way through. It has a great ensemble of characters an origional plot and an ending I shoulda seen coming but didn't and pulls at your heart strings.<br /><br />If theres any one thing about this movie that got me the most it was Morgan Freeman and Chris Rock's interaction. These two are great and it warms my heart to see Rock isn't going to do crappy Big Hollywood fare like Lethal Weapon 4 for the rest of his life. Freeman is as always the man really there shouldnt be any need to critique his work anymore. Hell Kiss the Girls was watchable with him in it.<br /><br />Renee Zellwegger does the best she can with her role and Kinnear is good as her obession.<br /><br />Sweet movie with a nice touch of gratuitous violence in it to satisfy the bloodlust of the male. 9 outa 10<br /><br />
critique79 Simon's best comedy is superbly crafted by director Gene Saks and given life by the immense talents of Lemmon and Matthau. No one delivers these lines better. No one times them better. Nobody does it better.
critique80 Despite the other comments listed here this is probably the best Dirty Harry movie made; a film that reflects -- for better or worse -- the country's socio-political feelings during the Reagan glory years of the early '80's. It's also a kickass action movie.<br /><br />Opening with a liberal female judge overturning a murder case due to lack of tangible evidence and then going straight into the coffee shop encounter with several unfortunate hoodlums (the scene which prompts the famous "Go ahead make my day" line) "Sudden Impact" is one non-stop roller coaster of an action film. The first time you get to catch your breath is when the troublesome Inspector Callahan is sent away to a nearby city to investigate the background of a murdered hood. It gets only better from there with an over-the-top group of grotesque thugs for Callahan to deal with along with a sherriff with a mysterious past. Superb direction and photography and a at-times hilarious script help make this film one of the best of the '80's.
critique81 The beginning of this film is a little clunky and also confusing  but sit tight because you are in for the ride of your life. The concept is compelling with interesting devices utilized to tell the overall story. There are fine performances all around with Phillip Seymour Hoffman's being the best of the cast-no surprise there. Ethan Hawke also deserves credit for a very strong performance as well. The Direction by Mr. Lumet is outstanding. The film has a Seventies feel in the respect that risks are taken in the telling of this story but unlike the majority of trite films that populate the landscape today this is a thriller that is sincerely based upon relationships rather than special effects or product plugs. You will be greatly rewarded for the time invested in this film.
critique82 Uzumaki has a formidable reputation within Lovecraftian circles and now I know why.<br /><br />Uzumaki is based on a Manga title (which unbelievably is allegedly better than the film) and follows the bizarre events preceeding a typhoon in an isolated Japanese town. I'm not about to tell you anything that happens in this film because it is an absolute must-see movie. I watched it for the first time last night and I was blown away. It shot into the my top movies of all time and leap-frogged Pans Labyrinth as the best fantastic movie (literally and photographically) that has been released in the last decade.<br /><br />This movie is very Lovecraftian in nature without formally having any direct connection to the Cthulhu Mythos. It has been made in the same way that Lovecraft composed his stories; it exudes power as an aura of 'something's not quite right here' intensifies through a brooding phase to dread and ultimately horror through subtle progressive changes in the soundtrack and the cinematography. This is indeed a "Weird Tale" par excellence.<br /><br />Simply stunning.
critique83 Blind Spot one of my festival favorites. I was totally intrigued by the idea of three strangers searching for a mysterious man who has loved and betrayed each of them in different ways. The cast is great. James Franco is particularly amazing as the broken-hearted boy from Los Angeles. His journal entries which we hear in voice-over-narration work well with the visuals and are quite intense. The film has a powerful style. It pushes elements like the road movie and revenge-drama in new directions. It also plays with time and perspective in ways that capture the frightening ambiance of lost love. There is a dreamlike quality to several sequences and the images are saturated with an eerie sense of tension. Strange. Suspenseful. Beautiful to look at. Definitely worth seeing. I really would like to see it again. Periodically I check to see if Blind Spot has been distributed. I can't wait to see the film again in the cinema or on DVD.<br /><br />Davide Pepe 13/08/2005 Bologna - Italy
critique84 Time and time again it seems that the comedic actors of Hollywood are surprising me with their talents as dramatic performers: first it was Robin Williams {'One Hour Photo (2002)'} then it was Jim Carrey {'Eternal SunshineÃ‚Â… (2004)' being one example} then Will Ferrell {'Stranger than Fiction (2006)'} and now Adam Sandler. Yes that's absolutely right: the guy who has based an entire career on making brainless goofball comedies {I'm not complaining; I've always been a fan} has finally given me a performance of which he can be proud. Of course some readers may be wondering whatever happened to 'Punch-Drunk Love (2002)' but I can only assure you that it's a film I'm currently taking measures to see as soon as possible since I've heard it's terrific. My first film from director Mike Binder 'Reign Over Me' is an intelligent and respectful exploration of grief and friendship. Though it does occasionally stray into all-too-familiar territory the somewhat predictable storyline proves surprisingly deep and moving with both Sandler and Don Cheadle giving memorable performances.<br /><br />Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family though he finds himself unable to communicate adequately with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and so his marriage is a little shaky. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's ex-college roommate a man who lost his entire family in the terrorist attacks of September 11 2001 and who is still confronting his overwhelming feelings of grief. A disheveled figure with messy hair and downcast eyes {often likened in appearance to Bob Dylan} Charlie has abandoned his career in dentistry and spends his time in solitude: listening to music with headphones that cut out all sound from the outside world driving around Manhattan in his motorised scooter immersing himself in fantastical video games and repeatedly redecorating his apartment kitchen in accordance with his deceased wife's final wishes. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in years the latter doesn't even recognise an old friend having completely abandoned any memories prior to his life-crippling experience. Indeed at first he doesn't even acknowledge the existence of his family and abruptly loses his temper whenever anybody suggests that he seek counselling.<br /><br />Initially it may seem a bit exploitative for the filmmakers to be using the September 11 attacks as a storytelling device. Afterall wouldn't it be just as devastating if Charlie's family had died in an ordinary everyday car accident? However if you consider that the director's intention was to demonstrate the enormous pain caused to ordinary citizens by the tragedy then 'Reign Over Me' does a very good job. It's easy to get so caught up in meaningless statistics that you neglect the emotional costs of the terrorist attacks; this is the first 9/11-orientated film I've seen that truly dealt with the suffering of those who weren't even involved whose only anguish was caused through losing those whom they loved. Adam Sandler shows surprising range in a difficult role one which would have crumbled to pieces had he not been up to the task. Snapping instantly between cheerfulness anger and depression Charlie Fineman is a man with whom we can deeply sympathise a hollow soul who thanks to the companionship of an old friend can finally glimpse light at the end of a dark bleak tunnel.
critique85 For the record I am not affiliated with the production in any way.<br /><br />Hidden Frontier is probably the Star Trek fan film with the most episodes produced to date. Over 7 seasons (this is the last) they have produced some 50 or so episodes.<br /><br />This is no mean feat on almost no budget and everyone volunteering their time and energy.<br /><br />By their own admission the earlier seasons do not have as good production qualities as later ones but as they progress the effects green screen work and acting all improve.<br /><br />I did find it difficult to "dip into" so started from the beginning and watched all the way through. HF benefits from story arcs just like all the best sci fi and dovetails nicely into the Star Trek universe in which it is set. Characters and "relatives" from the original series have been brought into the stories and add a lot to the feel of the stories sometimes improving on the characters over the original.<br /><br />The whole experience includes an excellent web site blooper reels a high membership forum which is frequented by many of the actors and production staff and a weekly chat.<br /><br />If you are looking for high definition high budget productions this is probably not for you.<br /><br />If you are looking for continued adventures in the Star Trek universe with stories that does Star Trek credit and makes you think this is the one.
critique86 This movie is excellent. I found it very interesting. I thought the Wendigo legend was pretty cool. The acting was also great as well as the costumes production photography directing and script. <br /><br />A very happy family on vacation gets stranded in the middle of nowhere after they hit a deer. A huntsman then appears and is very angry and outraged over the fact that one of the deer's antler's is broken. He then starts to stalk the family and weird things start to happen to them. <br /><br />See this movie. It's worth it. Kudos to the cast crew and filmmakers. Two Thumbs Way Up!
critique87 There are few films or movies I consider favorites over the years. The Gospel road was one of them. I watched this as a young teen and would like the opportunity to watch it again. My favorite parts were the fact that <br /><br />1/Jesus was blond <br /><br />2/the last supper was a huge meal<br /><br />3/ he liked playing with the children<br /><br />4/His death was for all people and for all time.<br /><br />The movie may not have been theologically sound or high quality acting but it touched my heart at that time. Besides I am a Johnny Cash fan and it was a brave venture. If it ever comes out on DVD I will purchase it purely for sentimental reasons.
critique88 As a collector of movie memorabilia I had to buy the movie poster for this film which now that I've finally seen it has to be the best thing about it. There's nothing more attractive to hang on your wall than a 27x41 inch image of the melting man. However there's nothing more awful to put in your VCR than an hour and a half long image of the melting man. At first I thought this movie was pure garbage but then I realized that it did have some qualities which made me laugh. The character of Dr. Ted Nelson has to be the most wishy-washy persona ever brought to the big screen. His dialogue is so trite it's unbelievable! ("It's incredible! He seems to be getting stronger as he melts!)<br /><br />And could somebody tell me please how the heck they know exactly how much time Steve has left before he melts completely and exactly what their plan is to "help" him? If this movie was meant to scare its audience I think it missed its calling.
critique89 If you consider yourself a horror movie fan chances are you've seen Hideo Nakata's Ring and Dark Water. They're superb and Ring's making its way smoothly into Hollywood (maybe Dark Water will be adapted soon too?). While Ring is almost 100% pure heart pounding and nerve breaking a tale of two sister is both nerve breaking and mind twisting.<br /><br />Along with The Other I consider this Korean flick a brilliant and smart ending horror movie. The only flaw this movie has is some consider its first 20 minutes rather slow. It's actually typical with Korean and Japanese movies. I consider it carefully planned rather than slow think of it as "calm moment before the storm". With thorough introduction of characters imho viewer will get involved more intimately with the character one of Korean and Japanese movies strongest point.<br /><br />Like Ring a tale of two sister doesn't overdo ghastly appearance. Rather they let our mind do the intimidating job itself. That way it's scarrier and horrifyingly classy at the same time. I won't be surprised if Hollywood remakes this movie after bringing Ring and Grudge/Ju-On over(This flick is not that good by the way I rate it 5.5). Don't miss it!
critique90 Tim Burton is in essence an expressionist film-maker disinterested in dimensions of character and obsessed with Gothic scope opting for style over substance incessantly throughout his career. However with his style being so poignantly endearing I like many moviegoers forgive all the countless flaws that can be found in many of his movies and become engrossed in what are essentially one hundred million dollar art films.<br /><br />It's almost embarrassing for me to see a poetic emotionally involving spirit within the second installment of a mediocre franchise especially when that franchises target audience are half-witted 15 year old boys. Batman Returns should have been every bit as commercial as its predecessor ensuring box office draw and cheap (in actual fact very expensive) thrills being entertaining without ever truly involving its audience. Had this been the result then Tim Burton would have surely been required to direct a third installment. Instead Burton delivers something that can only truly be defined by the phrase 'out there'.<br /><br />From the melancholy opening in which a high society couple throw a prison-like bassinette containing their newly born deformed baby into a river it is clear that Batman Returns ain't no picnic at Buckingham Palace. Cut to thirty three years later during a political speech made by bad guy business tycoon Max Shreck (sinisterly portrayed by Christopher Walken) the Red Triangle Circus Gang attack Gotham City. Batman (Michael Keaton returning to the role) makes his first appearance sporting a new logo eventually saving the day. Shreck is soon kidnapped by the circus gang and black-mailed into endorsing the political return of the baby now a fully grown Penguin man (Danny DeVito in hideously perfect make-up) whose motives for return are suspicious only to Batman.<br /><br />Meanwhile Shreck attempts to off his nosey and awkward assistant Selina Kyle (played perfectly by Michelle Pfeiffer who quite frankly deserved more recognition for her performance) who transforms into the deliciously sexy and psychotic Catwoman out for revenge and harbours for some unexplained reason a deadly vendetta against the Dark Knight.<br /><br />Batman Returns is bleak. The production design is breathtaking delivering a cold haunting Gotham City with an even more apocalyptic feel than its predecessor. Danny Elfman's score supports the film brilliantly ranging from invigorating to tragic. The tone and direction of the whole film itself is intensely brooding shot like a sad nightmare Burton's direction overshadows what is in fairness a diabolical screenplay with an almost totally irrelevant plot and yet at the same time perfect for Burton's visual style of film-making. And whilst Burton's action sequences struggle for exhilaration the real excitement lies in the directional choices displaying the fall of each of its main characters the Penguins demise the Catwoman's mental state and Bruce Wayne's lonely destiny.<br /><br />Warner Brothers hated it whilst critical and audience reaction was mixed. After all they wanted a Batman sequel not a weird somewhat ghastly horror movie in which a deformed psychopathic orphan attempts to kidnap and drown a batch of babies all-the-while vomiting what can only be described as green mucus. The production company wanted an audience friendly feature something for the McDonald's clan to promote their happy meals with not a movie of dire irredeemable characters including a sexually repressed secretary who is pushed from a skyscraper and revived by a gang of cats awakening her from unconsciousness by chewing on her bloodied ice cold fingers.<br /><br />It's easy to understand the mass disappointment that followed the release of Batman Returns. The film never felt like a Batman blockbuster. It is questionable if Burton really knew who Batman actually was or even if he cared about the character as much as he cared about the film fitting in with his usual themes of beautifully haunting art direction and misinterpreted lonely characters who rarely conform with societies standards and expectations. This is why Burton failed to create a great Batman film. He did however; create a nostalgic and stunning ballsy piece of cinema that remains a personal and nostalgic favourite of mine.<br /><br />This may not be a great Batman movie. But it is a great Tim Burton film.
critique91 I thought this movie was brilliant. It was so funny and so true too. A great idea for a movie. Five groups of friends on their way to schoolies. I've got to say that Matt Newton as Mason was probably my favourite character. I wish i could give this movie more than a 10 rating.
critique92 Having seen the uncut version I thought this film was beautifully made. It captured my attention from beginning to end; the tension was wonderfully conveyed. Nasaan Ka Man portrays the typical Filipino family with accuracy in its presentation of secrets and lies. Even the religious culture the human tendency to keep up appearances and maintain a pure reputation is shown with stark vividness in Gloria Diaz's character. There is not a little scene in this film that does not have a purpose- the cinematography is excellent and the writing brilliant.<br /><br />Although the plot is great I personally found that the twist at the end the revelation to do with Jericho's character was not as much of a shock as it should be. But then maybe that's just me because otherwise Nasaan Ka Man is a very cleverly made film.<br /><br />The casting was good to begin with but Deither and Claudine's acting were the icing on the cake. Not one to miss if you're looking for a Filipino film that will surprise and surpass expectations. Thumbs up to the director.
critique93 This is a novelty in Danish film. The mood is not unlike that of Blinkende Lygter also by Anders Thomas Jensen but with a novel touch. One difference is fewer characters leaving much more room for them to be dwelled into. And what characters?! The two butchers are perfect. Mads Mikkelsen is a dominating deranged parody and Nikolaj Lie Kaas an indifferent looser with a twin brother more or less an unholy pairing of the two.
critique94 This is one of the best bond games i have ever played because: <br /><br />The missions are very very fun to play they have lots of action in them they can be really hard sometimes that makes it even more fun the weapons that you use are really good. The cars in this game are really good the driving missions are fun to do. This James bond game has a good story to it. The voice over actors in this game are really good and it is cool that pierce brosnan is in this game and the way the characters look is really good because they look like what they look like in real life which is really cool. Also the graphics in this game pretty good.<br /><br />Overall score ********* out of **********
critique95 Something about "Paulie" touched my heart as few movies do. It is a witty funny yet emotional movie. I'm a late comer in becoming a fan of this movie. I didn't see "Paulie" until May 2004 and have since ordered the Widescreen DVD from a seller at eBay.<br /><br />The special effects of showing Paulie talking are superb. My son asked me how the bird knew so many phrases.Probably my favorite part of the movie is when Paulie is in Gena Rowlands (Ivy's) company followed by Cheech Marin (Ignacio). Tony Shalhoub (Misha) plays an excellent part as the good hearted human. You root for him all the way through the movie.<br /><br />You can't go wrong renting or buying this movie!!
critique96 The film adaptation of James Joyce's Ulysses is excellent. The actors the voice overs the direction it all captures the feel of the novel without sacrificing its own merits. The Milo O'Shea does an excellent job as Leopold Bloom the cuckolded man married to the sassy Molly. I absolutely love this picture.
critique97 I liked SOLINO very much. It is a very heart-rending story of an italian family moving to Germany. And it's an story about brotherly love hope and disappointment. And the film is never boring. Go and see SOLINO!
critique98 This is a fantasy movie for kids based on the Boggy Creek Legend although I don't know why they called it Return to Boggy Creek as if it's a sequel.This movie has nothing to do with the documentary and its fantasy kiddie fare. Dawn Wells stars as the mother of 3 children who get lost in the swamp around Boggy Creek with 2 other men and the monster comes to their aid. Yes it's very silly and the plot is corny but this kind of movie is perfect for the 8-12 y/o group which it targeted. It's harmless G-rated kiddie fare and at least you don't have to worry about leaving your kids alone while they watch it. Strictly for the 8-12 y/o set older kids will get bored and think it lame.
critique99 I've loved this movie ever since it first came out. I was about nine years old and now I'm 27. I remember playing the video game on Sega Genisis. I had so much fun I would love to show my son this movie. He likes Michael Jackson as well and I know he will love this movie just as I did when I was a kid. Even though he's much younger than I was when I first saw it. I can't wait for it to come out on DVD! I hope it comes out on DVD! Please let it come out on DVD!! I'm dying to see it again!!! Well that is my comment I hope that one day soon I'll get to view this movie again. I love all of the videos in this movie. My favorite mini-video is Badder!
critique100 This movie is about a fictional soap opera. It is very fast and funny. To say anything else would ruin the movie. There are several plots and sub plots in the movie. This movie has ensemble cast with today's hottest stars. They all gives over the top performances. This movie is favorite of mine from the year 1991. Soapdish is perfect for fans of either daytime soap opera /or prime time soap opera!!!If you watch soap go check this movie it's hilarious!!!
critique101 As a lover of bad movies I definitely hit paydirt with this one. The plot isn't really that bad but there are a few instances where you really have to ask yourself "what the heck is going on here?"<br /><br />There are many many things that make this the funniest bad movie ever. First off Rudy Ray Moore had gotten so fat and slow when this movie was filmed that the special effects consist of speeding up the fight scenes to double time. There are also scenes where there is a slow-motion instant replay jumping onto a ten foot high wall (by playing falling off of it backwards) naked men walking out of huge letters and sex that literally brings down the roof (with the cable holding up the roof catching on fire).<br /><br />Of course no Rudy Ray Moore movie would be complete without a completely gratuitous and random comedy club scene where Rudy makes fun of all the customers interposed with people doing some odd dance. There are so many things bad about this movie but they're bad in an entertaining way and if you take your eyes off the movie you might miss another mistake.<br /><br />Rating: 1/10 for actual value 10/10 for cheese factor 10/10 for picking out mistakes and goofs averages out to 7/10.
critique102 *minor spoilers*<br /><br />You know it's getting to the point where Walt Disney Television Animation might just as well be called Walt Disney Sequel Animation. These sequels range from excellent ("Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" and the fantastic "Lion King II: Simba's Pride") to horrible ("The Return of Jafar"). (This is of course my personal opinion.) Now Disney brings us their latest sequel. "Scamp's adventure" and while it is flawed it is still entertaining.<br /><br />The quality of animation is not up to par with Disney Feature Animation; still the animators do a good job of bringing the characters to life. Lady and Tramp have not aged a day since 1955. Trusty still talks about his sense of smell and "Ol' Reliable" and Jock still gives him grief about it. There's a nice fight between Tramp and a huge dog in the dog pound and once again we are treated to a spaghetti dinner with the two romantic leads (though it is highly doubtful that this will become a classic scene like its predecessor.)<br /><br />I really don't care for most of the songs (though Roger Bart and Susan Egan--the singing voices of Scamp and Angel--sing their parts very nicely). Both Melissa Manchester and Norman Gimbel have done much better work in the past. Danny Troob's score is okay but nothing memorable. And some of the junkyard gang seem like excess baggage; that is they really don't do much.<br /><br />The voice work on the other hand is quite good. While I don't like Jeff Bennett as the dogcatcher he is very good as Tramp. Chazz Palminteri does a nice job as Buster leader of the junkyard gang and Alyssa Milano gives what may be her best performance as Angel. Then there is Scamp (who is the spitting image of his dad). He is voiced to PERFECTION by Scott Wolf. Wolf does a superb job of showing Scamp's wild streak and his soft side.<br /><br />All in all while "Scamp's Adventure" is flawed it still makes for rather entertaining viewing. It is my hope however that Walt Disney Television Animation will turn their attention to more original material for their future releases.<br /><br />
critique103 (spoilers??)<br /><br />I wasn't sure what to think of the movie. Not too much of a kids film. Definately should be watched with a parent because it includes death and dying. But I was surprised that I was a bit entertained by it.<br /><br />I was a bit disappointed by the 81 minutes of time we had. (even less without the credits) And the trailer gets you to think the rodent is a main creature. But alas they torture him. Right until the end of the movie. Those two gripes docked the movie 2 stars. But I do recommend the movie. Even for a sequel.<br /><br />8/10<br /><br />Quality: 9/10 Entertainment: 7/10 Replayable:7/10
critique104 i love this film. the songs and story lines are great fun. and the song "saying goodbye" always moves me. what a brilliant thing to do to bring puppets to life in a way that you actually care about these things made of cloth and fabric and whatever. great voices and great talent. why were all the other muppet films that came after this one so much less interesting moving and funny? is it that mr. henson is just so very missed?
critique105 This is the ultimate and I mean the ULTIMATE ADVENTURE CLASSIC! The plot is good versus evil. There have always been an abundance of films that depict gray areas and not enough on the basic good against evil to account for the real cases of good against evil in the real world. Only recently have film makers tried to even the odds. In real life well over half of situations are black and white but only a fraction of movies make it seem that way. This movie is the best example of a back and white look. It is best seen in black and white. The hero is in the worst situation. He is in the territory of a man who wants to murder him and among various enemies. The movie gives the feel that he is hopelessly outnumbered and can't count on help. His enemy (The count) has numerous resources. The count's wife was forced into marriage with him and she knows from his past history that sooner or later he will kill her as he does all his wives. She and the hero become allies and fall in love in away that could win over anyone watching (unless that person just wants to be a contrary brat). Anyone who helps them is killed. They have no escape. The situation is hopeless. So will they survive in the end? You won't guess unless you've read spoilers. The movie also has a lot of great atmosphere adventure and intrigue along with Lon Chaney as a bad guy and Boris Karloff in his best role ever as a decent guy. Usually cast as a bad guy Karloff was at his best when presented with more complex roles such as this one. Chaney was rarely given a complex role although he strutted his stuff in a few movies such as "Of Mice and Men." This is little more than a cameo for him. Still the tension never stops. There is suspense and danger throughout. Perfectly written perfectly cast and perfectly directed. This is what a movie should be-pure escape pure adventure.
critique106 I chose to watch this film at Tribeca based on Judd Hirsch and Scott Cohen and found it to be one of the best movies in the festival. Both leading actors deliver a well rounded sensitive performance that seems to match the characters on a personal level. The director did a great job bringing the characters and story to life with skill that is usually not seen in a first-time production.<br /><br />One interesting aspect of this film is the love of woodwork and New York City (Brooklyn in specific). The movie revolves around the family furniture making business and weaves delicate cinematography of both carpentry and ordinary Brooklyn life Ã‚Â– again kudos to the director on this fine choice.<br /><br />This is gem and I would whole heartedly recommend it (I'm sure it will make it to the screen).
critique107 TOUGH LUCK follows a homeless drifter as he becomes entangled in the underground crime world of deception and chaos. Archie(Norman Reedus) has been released from prison and has nothing to lose. He is almost killed before the owner of a carnival named Ike(Armand Assante) hires him for work. Soon Ike discloses a strong desire for Archie to murder his mischievous wife Divana(Dagmara Dominczyk) an erotic dancer for the Carnival. Things soon get complicated when Archie falls in love with Divana and warns her of the scheme. They become involved in a very steamy affair that leaves little to the imagination of the viewer after which they soon make a plan. Together they plot to murder Ike but things don't go quite as planned.<br /><br />I would be lying if I said that this film didn't surprise me. I was personally blown away by how good this film was. Upon renting it several years back I was expecting another clichÃƒÂ© thriller with a lot of the typical elements and themes that are shown in a lot of films of that type these days. Within minutes I was hooked and found myself quite involved with the world of this film. It's the kind of film much like BUFFALO '66 that just sucks you in and transports you into the style and the feeling of paranoia. It is a film that really pulls it off in stunning fashion. One thing I particularly appreciated was how the film depicted it's characters. The film isn't as easy and clear cut as it may appear in the plot summary. These are characters that you actually grow to care about and are fascinated by including the characters that are supposed to be the bad guys. In truth there are no good guys or bad guys in this film. All of the characters are flawed in ways that are realistic and incredibly true-to-life. There aren't many films that manage to accomplish this task as flawlessly as this film does but it's definitely a film style that I like and I want to see more of from films today. There were quite a few crime films that were like that back in the early 50s but there hasn't been one as gripping and unique as this ever since! <br /><br />In terms of flaws I have mostly very minor gripes. The film itself isn't exactly original. However I doubt that most folks would expect it to be original. The film's editing style also may be irritating to some folks as it tends to have a camcorder type of shaky cam throughout. While I wasn't bothered by it and actually felt that it added to the atmosphere I'm sure most viewers will not be as enthralled by it and may find it generally off-putting. Despite the minor flaws however this is one of the most underrated films of the 2000s. It's so refreshing to get lucky and watch an unknown film that turns out to be good. It seems as if this film was a direct-to-video release though this film is far better than that. Had it been put in theaters it wouldn't have won any awards nor would it have been seen much but it would have a lot more recognition than it has today. Recognition that this film deserves. TOUGH LUCK is an astounding entertaining and twisted neo-noir thriller with a real sense of class and style juxtapose and with enough substance to make the average moviegoer more than simply satisfied.
critique108 So I'm at home flipping channels one night and I come across this man wearing heels and makeup standing in front of a colored background on HBO. Naturally I did a double-take and decided I'd watch for a little while. I didn't change the channel until he was finished it was so incredibly hilarious. The next time it was on I made sure to tape it so I could watch it over and over again and it has remained one of my favorite things to watch. During the first couple of minutes you can tell that the audience isn't quite sure what to think but he quickly wins them over with his incredible humor and wit. While many stand-up comedians mesh together in my brain Eddie Izzard stands out as one of the best. His style is incredibly refreshing and it is nice to hear jokes about things like history and puberty when most comedians stick to current events. His show stayed with me afterwards. I went to Italy over the summer and all I could think about while I was there was how "Italians are always on scooters going 'CIAO...'" 10 out of 10. See it. You won't regret it.
critique109 Joseph Conrad's timeless novel Heart of Darkness was depicted in the 1994 movie. I have read Conrad's novel and I must say even though I prefer the novel itself the movie was a great depiction. The set and costume designs brought Conrad's novel to life on the screen as we followed Marlow's journey. The acting also brought the characters to life through the mannerisms voices and personalities. If you have read the novel I recommend that you also view this movie. If you have not read the novel however the movie may be harder to follow. Conrad's Heart of Darkness is too full of action emotion and information to be made into a movie that is a little over an hour and a half long. Therefore if you have not read the novel the plot in the movie may seem too cluttered to follow. Overall I gave this movie a seven out of ten. The basic plot of the novel was brought forth to the screen with great sets costumes and acting. Nothing can replace Joseph Conrad's original work however.
critique110 Before he became defined as Nick Charles in the Thin Man Series William Powell played another urbane detective named Philo Vance. The supporting cast is strong in this early talkie and Powell's star quality is evident. Mary Astor who eight years later would be defined by her portrayal of Brigid O'Shaughnessy does a good job here as the featured woman who finds herself in the middle of it all.
critique111 A very unique Sci-Fi animated film and frankly I love uniqueness no matter which way it tends to be better or worse. This French film is quite interesting to watch the technique part is innovatory like "Waking Life" I recently watched.<br /><br />It took me quite a long time to get used to the Black-White style but eventually I love it the sketchlike images are really fancy! The contracted future world is a symbol of human race's final destination which I adore it very much.<br /><br />The whole plot is fine for a Sci-Fi not so intriguing but it's OK like some Hollywood's products a giant conspiracy about human's eternity a little bit clichÃƒÂ© and the twisted ending is not so convincing some development is just too plain and insipid and the whole movie is too long.<br /><br />So I think I'm just in love with the style this film shows others are not so good.<br /><br />About the eternity of life I think most people have come to a unanimousness that we don't want eternity because it demolishes the meaning of life we treasure our lives because they are limited and meaningful if everyone can live forever thus the world world will become a disaster and chaos. Leaving someone you love is hard and heartbreaking but that's also a way to show our lives are genuine and all the emotion fulfills one's life and make the world colorful and lively.
critique112 This movie is amazing. You will NEVER laugh harder. It's a target. No I think it's...yes it's...A BOOB! This movie gets funnier by the second--like when Jackie Chan's character finally dies in his final fight scene. This movie is velly velly seekwet like treasha! Congrats if you buy or rent this. You'll never return it in my opinion. I didn't and I haven't found it in a store since. I watched this movie once and I was forever in love with Kung-Fu action flicks. If you're looking for an amazing film in the realm of great production value good or even mediocre acting and good special effects...this is NOT that movie. If you're looking for laughs and timeless wonderment pick this up for a dollar and you'll probably never let it go. With friends popcorn and drinks it's the perfect evening.
critique113 Seriously engaging intelligent and thought provoking drama at its very best. Mean gripping moody and captivating. Every home should have a copy! Don't take my word for it see it yourself. One Life Stand makes you consider your own lifestyle and how you treat your family and friends. Beautiful photography and impressive acting makes for one of the best cinema-graphic experiences of the year. John Kielty's debut is a delight and adds a real touch of truth and realism to this deep and gritty film. This is a film that cares and has an honesty that is unequalled in recent years. No car chases but a film packed with hum our and emotion. I first saw this film screened at the Edinburgh film festival in 2000 and am now delighted to be able to own a copy on DVD.
critique114 It's one of the best movies that I have seen this year ! I don't agree with the person who said it's boring. Of course some people may find this movie not frightening at all but personally I spent a very good moment. This movie alterns very well sex scenes with frightening scenes. There is also a nice touch of humor. For example when the wife tells her husband that in her childhood she was abused by her father and then her husband says "how can someone abuse someone like you" and then he attempts to attach her on the bed for sexual games :D Very funny ! I recommend this movie to everyone and by the way sorry for my poor English (I'm from France).
critique115 For those of you looking for the crazy stunts that typified a Harold Lloyd silent comedy this is not the film for you. What The Cat's-Paw gives us is an interesting and atypical character for Lloyd who was trying to establish himself in sound.<br /><br />For me the closest movie comparison to Lloyd's character is that of Peter Sellers in Being There. For all the education that Lloyd has received in dealing with the world he might as well have been brought up in isolation as Sellers was.<br /><br />But where he was brought up was as a missionary's child in China and I don't know how much Christianity he and his family were able to teach the Chinese but young Harold has learned the wisdom of Chinese philosopher Lin Po whom he quotes constantly like a fortune cookie aphorism. As it turns out Lin Po turns out to be one wise dude.<br /><br />Anyway Lloyd's father Samuel S. Hinds has decided his son needs some education in the modern world of 20th century America and he sends him back to be the guest of the pastor of the home church which sponsors the mission. The pastor there is the perennial candidate of the 'reform' movement of that town of Stockport. But no sooner does Lloyd arrive and the pastor dies.<br /><br />Now the reform movement is a sham and the pastor a patsy of the political bosses who need a straw-man opponent in every election. They decide Lloyd just might be a better patsy than the guy who just died.<br /><br />Of course as it goes in these type of films the patsy proves to be not so easy a proposition. In fact Lloyd constantly quoting from Lin Po the way Charlie Chan used to dispense wisdom proves quite the adversary for the crooks who run Stockport. In addition Lloyd gains the admiration of Una Merkel as cynical a dame as Jean Arthur was in Mr. Deeds and Mr. Smith. <br /><br />The Cat's-Paw is still a nice political satire though it did not establish Harold Lloyd as big a comedy name as he was in silent films. A nice cast of players was selected by director Sam Taylor topped by George Barbier who plays a political boss who discovers Lloyd and actually proves to have a streak of honesty in him.
critique116 Due to a very misleading advertising campaign I saw this film in theatres at the relatively young age of 10. The trailers on TV portrayed the film as a comedy and I bugged my parents until they took me. After seeing the movie I was blown away. I had no idea what to think. Totally different than anything I had seen before leaving far to many questions for such a young mind. Needless to say I loved it. This morning was the first time I'd watched in in probably 2-3 years and I still think it's one of the greatest films made in the last decade. Kevin Spacey and Jeff Bridges are both in top form as a mysterious man who may or may not be from another planet and the psychiatrist that develops a bond with him while trying to decipher his mystery. The supporting cast are near perfect as well each resident of the mental institution is incredibly convincing in their own way. The open ending was handled very well giving lots of evidence to support whatever you believe happened in the end. How this movie failed to receive at least a nomination in that year's Oscars is beyond me. If you haven't seen this film run to Wal-Mart RIGHT NOW. The DVD is usually in the bargain bin pick it up! <br /><br />9.5/10
critique117 <br /><br />One of the best films I've ever seen. Robert Duvall's performance was excellent and outstanding. He did a wonderful job of making a character really come to life. His character was so convincing it made me almost think I were in the theater watching it live I give it 5 stars.
critique118 There's nothing really to dislike about "The Odd Couple" and it's no surprise that Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau make a hugely winning comedic team. But there's something so underdeveloped about Neil Simon's adaptation of his hit stage play as to make it seem more like a skit on a sketch comedy show than a full-bodied film. I have not seen the play but have to assume that the screen version is fairly faithful since Simon wrote it so the defects cannot be blamed on a stage-to-screen adaptation. There are some interesting ideas in this story--two recently divorced men who fall immediately into traditional married roles when they become roommates because neither knows any differently--that Simon never fully fleshes out. Still there are many worse ways to kill a couple of hours.
critique119 me and a coupla friends form university - alberto lopez dave hall celina alcock (we graduated from uea norwich uk in 1997) still get together and watch b-movies once a month.<br /><br />We are consummate experts in the art of bad movie-making and this film was quickly placed in the top 10 of awful/brilliant movies.<br /><br />so if you've just got the beers and weed in and need a film to laugh like a drain at DROID GUNNER aka PHOENIX 2 is the film for you! Marc Singer is totally aware he's in a turkey of a film here and milks it for everything he can! Matthius Hues is sublime in his wooden acting and musclebound moronity (is that a word??) as he grunts "But I want my 20 thousand!" Pure Shlock Gold! If you liked this also see: TRANCERS THE RUNESTONE DOLLMAN and anything by Charles Band or Fred Olen Ray.....(but be warned: some of their films are completely and utterly without merit and you'll be screaming for those lost hours of your life!!!?!).
critique120 This little short absolutely fascinates me.<br /><br />The only thing I've seen thus far like it is some of the work by Sam Brakhage the creator of Dog Star Man. However where Brakhage is trying to unnerve by "making us learn how to see again" and provide us with an affront of head-ache inducing bright colors and flashes (which I still totally dig and embrace as high art...) this film I would characterize as very relaxing and hypnotizing. Man Ray's general use of spinning objects/camera does not create so much of a dizzy feeling but a warm flow of senses intermingling and going along with the gravity of the moving world around us.<br /><br />An interesting conceit of this very short work is that as it goes along objects become more and more recognizable until we end on a nude torso (of which I feel is the least feminine well-rounded breasts I've ever seen). The circles and spirals of shadow and light over the torso make it an object of surrealistic beauty something that you could hang on your wall and delve over forever. It's because of this and other images in this film that I had to watch it again and again (eventually a total seven times) just because it utterly fascinates me.<br /><br />--PolarisDiB
critique121 I just saw this movie for the second time with my 8-year-old daughter and I remembered why we liked it the first time. All these people who say it is bad are too uptight and critical! It is simply an entertaining little movie it's not supposed to change the world. I thought all the actors did a great job with their characters. (Except for Jeremy Jordan as Guy--he was a maggot who looked seriously in need of soap and shampoo. If HE is supposed to be the hot guy in their school then they've got slim pickins'.) But I digress--Drew Barrymore was delightful as usual and David Arquette was even enjoyable and I usually can't stomach him if only because of those STUPID AT&T commercials! Molly Shannon is always entertaining and Leelee Sobieski did a great job as a tortured brain. Some parts were actually painful to watch reminding me of high school. Even though I thankfully didn't get made fun of it made my heart ache for those who do. Movies like this are actually good for children to see--my daughter made several observations about the cruelty of some of the students and how wrong it was. This movie is appropriate for anyone and a good way to while away 2 hours. If there's ever a time you want to see a lighthearted little movie with a happy ending where you don't have to think very much then this is definitely a consideration.
critique122 -love is hard to find in this fast food society that we live in so man called Hitch makes it duty to help men find love with women that they are beyond madly in love with. his rules are that he only helps you find love and not just some casual sex which seems like a great deal but soon word begins to spread around and people begin to get the wrong idea about what he does which begins to complicate the relationship with woman he just met that he is madly in love with.<br /><br />-I have to say it's really nice to see Will Smith in a movie that doesn't have him trying to save the world from aliens or robots. There are no jaw dropping effects nor is he showing off his beefed up body. He's just a normal human being in this movie which was really nice. He doesn't necessarily stretch his acting muscles in this movie but then again the story doesn't call for that but all the same it was nice to see him relaxed and not showing off his ripped body to make those of us without six packs jealous. His character here is as with all his characters likable witty and very charming which is something that almost all the characters in this odd love tale seem to share. The Kevin James character is just a regular guy that needs help hooking up with the girl of his dreams which really makes you feel for the guy and root for him every step of the way. the only character that was a sore spot for me was the Mendez character because she's so cold and calculated that it's hard to believe that Smith could fall for her. He must love a challenge I guess.<br /><br />-now this is the part of the review in which I'll make a joke about how I would never need Hitch because I'm such a player but I just got through writing about 16 reviews for another web site plus I'm still working on a little project so I'm a little jaded right now. whiles the movie is packed with enough charm and likable characters with funny lines it slowly but surely falls into the sea of formulaic romantic movies in which after the big scene where the terrible secret comes out everyone is forgiven and the relationship is even better than before. But hey there's like 4000 movies about the underdog overcoming adversity so I guess one more movie having a predictable ending that's been done to almost death doesn't cause much harm. I really like the message of the movie as well because in the end you don't need a formula to get the right girl just be yourself and all will fall into play which is theme of the movie and why it works so well. I'm sure if it had turned out that the James character gets the girl after following everything that the Smith character said then it would have being a pretty empty movie but as it stands it works really well.<br /><br />-despite being predictable this is a PERFECT date movie. It's sweet it's funny and it's romantic so anyone that watches this movie on a date should be getting some after it's over. and by some I mean sex
critique123 Just a note to add to the above comment. Fear of a Black Hat doesn't have the criminal who's image has been ripped off by the band that's in CB4. Easily confused as the two films are so similar but Black Hat is vastly the superior of the two..... yeah.
critique124 Up And Coming was a very positive sitcom which brought a tool/and or channel that opened the young minds of the Black Culture. The focus and outlook was a message of positivity for our people and hope for change. I advise this selection for every American household to experience the struggle and the reward. The show was never given the chance to blossom into the idea of middle-class Blacks becoming business owners of their own. The issue's were so compatible with real life situation's that impacted the lives of so many. I sincerely hope that the entire volume can be restored and put on DVD for Americans to enjoy with their families.<br /><br />Thanks.
critique125 The "silver screen" gets freshly polished with this beautiful film about aging happily and enjoying life's rainbows. There's plenty of silver hair on this silver screen but the film's namesake is more like 85-going on-25 with his energy humor and lust for life. The story of entertainer extraordinaire Uncle Frank his devoted wife Aunt Tillie and the zippy residents of the local area nursing homes inspires us to "live each day as if it's your last" and brings a glimmer of hope to those often-dreaded golden years. A great movie for young and old audiences!
critique126 This movie is amazing for several reasons. Harris takes an extremely awkward documentary and turns it into a relevant social commentary. Groovin' Gary is a small-town kid who is (assumed) well-liked for his many impersonations. When he decides to play Olivia Newton John in a local talent show (for whom he is very passionate) Gary's actions show that he is at odds with the conservative social environment in which he lives. This results in him making various justifications for his actions so that people will not think that he is in fact a transvestite or other such social outcast. In the second installment Harris exploites the struggle between Gary and Beaver in a novice attempt to make a narrative out of the original documentary. The third and final installment to the trilogy is truly amazing for Harris' extreme sensitivity with the subject. Unlike the second installment "The Orkly Kid" shows Gary as a truly troubled character. He struggles to gain acceptance within his own community to no avail. His secret passion for dressing like Olivia Newton John distances him even further from the people that already consider him a social outcast. The movie is depicted so realistically that like reality it lends itself to many reactions. Surely one can see Gary as a ridiculously pathetic character but may also identify with him as an outcast.
critique127 If you are looking for a movie that doesn't take itself seriously... than Haggard is for you. I must say before i write anything more that if you have not seen any of the CKY (Camp Kill Yourself) videos than the movie most likely won't be AS funny. My advice is to watch a few clips of those videos that Bam and his friends made. Haggard does not take itself seriously AT all and that was never the purpose. Throughout the movie you will have random moments that have nothing to do with the plot which may get annoying but its nothing that is out of control. Even through all that the plot does stay focused and the story of Ryan Dunn's character does unfold quite nicely. This plot i have been told is based off a true story (for the most part)of Ryan Dunn's ex-girlfriend. Brandon Dicamillo is by far the best character in the movie. He has a lot of talent and knows how to make people laugh. He stole the movie if you ask me. Overall I love this movie for its simplicity and straight up weirdness. Its a Bam movie people its not going to be normal. Haggard is filled with hilarious quotes that my friends and I constantly used since the first time we saw it. I've seen the movie 6-7 times and still find new things every time. The soundtrack is just as good. Everything from Gnar Kill to New Order and some techno. Just don't go into the movie with high expectations let it all unfold and then judge it for what it is.
critique128 This film is where the Batman franchise ought to have stopped. Though I will concede that the ideas behind "Batman Forever" were excellent and could have been easily realised by a competent director as it turned out this was not to be the case.<br /><br />Apparently Warner Brothers executives were disappointed with how dark this second Batman film from Tim Burton turned out. Apart from the idiocy of expecting anything else from Burton and the conservative cowardice of their subsequent decision to turn the franchise into an homage to the Sixties TV series I fail to understand how "Batman Returns" can be considered at all disappointing.<br /><br />True it is not quite the equal of the first film - though it repairs all the minor deficiencies of style found in "Batman" a weaker script that splits the antagonism between not just two but three characters invites unflattering comparisons to the masterful pairing of Keaton and Jack Nicholson as the Joker in the first film. Yet for all this it remains a gorgeously dark film true to the way the Batman was always meant to be and highly satisfying.<br /><br />Michael Keaton returns as the Batman and his alter ego Bruce Wayne tangling with nouveau riche tycoon Max Schreck (Christopher Walken named in honour of the 1920s German silent actor) his partner-in-crime Oswald Cobblepot the Penguin (Danny DeVito in brilliant makeup reminiscent of Laurence Olivier's "Richard III") and Selina Kyle the Catwoman (Michelle Pfeiffer) whom Wayne romances both as himself and as the Batman. The four principals turn in excellent performances especially Walken and DeVito while together Keaton and Pfeiffer explore the darker side of double identities.<br /><br />There are some intriguing concepts in this film. About the only weakness I can really point out is a certain limpness to the script in some places which I think is due mostly to the way this film is a four-cornered fight. There simply isn't enough time to properly explore what's going on.<br /><br />Nevertheless this is a damn good film. I highly recommend watching this in conjunction with the first and then weeping for how good the series could have been had it continued under Burton and Keaton.
critique129 The most intense and powerful film I have seen in years. There have been other films before that delved into the Vietnam Vet but nothing compared to this emotionally heartwrenching film as a typical American suburban family circa 1972 comes apart at the seams revealing the scars that Vietnam has left on our all of our collective souls. The cast is A++++ fantastic with all four actors(with Kathy Bates a stand-out) giving riveting performances. What is wonderful about this film is that you take no sides but understand all four characters and empathize with them even though all four have divergent viewpoints and needs. There are scenes in here that are so powerful as family secrets and feelings are revealed(such as the confrontation between son and mother) that will have you emotionally drained and in tears of anguish. I actually cried in this film something I rarely do. The shocking end is a stunner! A much overlooked film that should be seen. I rate this 1996 film a 10/10 a superlative piece. Highly recommended especially in this day and age with again our country embroiled in a hideous war our headlines shouting of atrocities and again our young men and women returning with deep psychological scars with their deep pain of deeds done in the line of honor. A must see film.
critique130 In 1978 a phenomenon began. The release of John Carpenter's "Halloween" got people queueing around the block to witness the evil that is Michael Meyers. The critics loved it the world loved it it was imitated and has gone down as one of the greatest movies in cinematic history.<br /><br />plot: 15 years after a murder took place four friends (all females) are babysitting(and having it on with their boyfriends) on Halloween night. After escaping from a hospital the night before Michael myers Returns to his home town to stalk these people. He murders 3 of them silently and subtlety. He does not speak. He walks slowly. He hides....<br /><br />Only one of the friends escapes after being saved by Doctor Loomis (Michael's pursuer and doctor) <br /><br />There is one reason why Halloween works so well. Simplicity. We don't know where Michael is we don't know why he kills and he frightens us. They're the only reasons why we are afraid.<br /><br />John carpenter wrote the movie and directed. He builds unbearable tension throughout the story and scares to such a degree that sometimes we cannot watch. And the climax is truly startling.<br /><br />As horror this is essential. It is terrifying and well acted. It is also mysterious. Michael is a force not a human. A force that cannot be denied.<br /><br />The sequels focused too much around Michael and his "history". This movie focuses on the fear of the unknown. Perhaps that's why this thing is a masterpiece.
critique131 Jon Cryer reprises his role as a neurotic guy in Two and a Half Men which he perfected in this series. He longs to have a good relationship with a girl like his coworker has developed and the tet-a-tet between him and his partner's girlfriend's best friend are pretty funny. Then they realize that they're attracted to each other and start dating. In one of the funniest lines on TV EVER -- I think in the final episode -- he and his partner are discussing that he wants to propose to the girl. <br /><br />His partner prepares him for the moment by suggesting: "What's the worst that can happen? She says no."<br /><br />Armed with newfound optimism he proposes to his date over dinner. To which she replies <br /><br />"GOD no!"<br /><br />I laughed so hard I cried.
critique132 I was in my mid teens when I saw this movie and I was struck by the beauty of the young stars as well as the loving cinematography and the simple sweetness of the story. It amazes me to learn that Alvina has recently died that Bury apparently has not worked in the film business for almost 30 years and that both would be in their 50s.<br /><br />The Elton John soundtrack is amazingly beautiful and supports the air of protected innocence the characters experience in seclusion. I have seen the movie poster billing it as "Deux Enfants Quis'Aiment" which apparently means something like "Two Children Who Like Each Other"--the English language distributors were wise to abbreviate the title!<br /><br />Paul the ignored 15-year-old son of an English businessman living in Paris meets Michelle an orphan at the zoo. The two take what they intend as a day-long holiday to Michelle's late father's rural cottage but end up staying there for a year isolated from the outside world. They fall in love Michelle gets pregnant and they have the baby alone at home. After the baby's birth the police come to Paul's work place and take him away.<br /><br />"Blue Lagoon" comes to mind as another film that almost captures the theme of innocence protected in an isolated paradise. So sad that "Friends" has never been released on DVD.
critique133 This is one of the bleakest the most harrowing of Bergman's films I've seen. I also think this is one of the most powerful films about the ugliness of war and what it does to the human souls.<br /><br />The couple of musicians who left a big city for a remote island and make a living as farmers find themselves capable of unspeakable and shameful acts that would have ordinarily been impossible for them even imagine as they struggle to survive horrible reality of war. They betray their souls their friends and even each other in a desperate attempt to simply survive another day. Liv Ullmann and Max Von Sydow are brilliant as usual as lost confused and terrified couple that got caught in the midst of a civil war.<br /><br />9.5/10
critique134 O my gosh... Just give me a minute to breath. This movie takes you on an awesome ride and doesn't let you go until the very last blow in your face ending. This is the the movie for fans of Stormriders and such. Legend of Zu was beautifully created although I didn't like a few things they used alot of stand ins. I wanted to see the real person fight but oh well... a few small let downsand I didn't really like it a lot until I watched it again when you understand it more it totally kicks A**! I encourage anyone who ever wanted to see a true Asian movie to see this movie. I give this movie one of my highest ratings.Go and see it when it comes out in America!!!
critique135 Shohei Imamaura's Black Rain was released in 1989 just at the onset of the AIDS epidemic a fact that gives the film about the slow deterioration of Hiroshima radiation victims an added poignancy. The black rain in the title refers to the combination of ash radioactive fallout and water that fell one or two hours after the explosion. There have been other books and films about the dropping of the atomic bomb but none as unique and powerful as this one. Based on a novel by Masuji Ibuse who gathered information from interviews and the diaries of real-life bomb victims the film depicts how an entire family is affected psychologically as well as physically by the bomb years after the original explosion. It is a horrifying vision but one that resonates with deep compassion for humanity. <br /><br />The film begins in Hiroshima on August 6 1945 as soldiers and civilians go about their normal daily activities. Suddenly a blinding light flashes and a thunderous blast is heard. Almost every single building is destroyed or damaged beyond repair. The first atomic bomb ever dropped on a city is now a part of history. Survivors must somehow restart their lives unaware of the bomb's devastating after effects. Filmed in high-contrast black and white the story centers around Yasuko (Yoshiko Tanaka) a young woman who is caught in the radioactive rain as her boat heads back to the city to search for friends and relatives. In Hiroshima Imamura shows us indelible images that remain with us: a young boy with skin hanging from his body pleads with his brother to recognize him an older man is in tears over his inability to free his son from piles of debris a mother is in torment as she rocks the blackened body of her child.<br /><br />When the family returns to their rural home Yasuko's life is forever changed. She sees her friends dying around her and waits for the inevitable bouts of radiation sickness that have already affected her Uncle Shigematsu Shimuza (Kazuo Kitamura) and Aunt Shigeko Shimuza (Etsuko Ichihara). Pretending that there is only business as usual the family denies that the bomb has affected Yasuko. "She forgot how Hiroshima and Nagasaki were destroyed. Everyone forgot it. They forget the hell of fire and go to rallies like an annual festival. I'm sick of it" says a friend Katayama (Akiji Kobayashi). Yasuko internalizes the tragedy feeling shame for being different than others and guilty for being contaminated.<br /><br />When her aunt and uncle try to find her a husband the eligible men refuse to marry her because of suspicions about her health even though Shigematsu has copied her diary to prove that she wasn't directly exposed to the bomb. The only suitor she feels comfortable with is another damaged man Yuichi (Keisuke Ishida) who has a panic attack every time he hears the roar of an engine. At the end the beauty of life shows itself ever so fleetingly when Yasuko goes to the pond and sees a sight she has been longing for all her life the king carp jumping in the water playfully as if to say that beyond despair there is still joy. Sadly we hear on the radio statements by politicians about using the bomb once again in the Korean War. "Human beings learn nothing" says Shigematsu. "They strangle themselves. Unjust peace is better than a war of justice. Why can't they see?" Immamura's Black Rain has hopefully allowed all of us to see more clearly.
critique136 SOLDIER is not as bad as many have made it out to be. I found the film to have some of the sacarstic cynical humour like that in Paul Verhoven's Starship Troopers. The lack of dialogue and over the top action is deliberate and adds to the comic-book atmosphere.<br /><br />One particular trivia-bit stands out for me - Todd has the names of several space-war campaigns tattoo'd onto his chest and one of these battles is TANNHAUSER GATE. For the oblivious ones out there Tannhauser Gate is mentioned in Roy Batty's elegiac last lines in Blade Runner. To imagine that Todd could have fought alongside android troops like Roy is mind boggling to say the least. Maybe script writer David Peoples was nostalgic?<br /><br />I'll give this one 3 out of 5.
critique137 This could be difficult to for some people to get into being used to Hollywood production styles. The directing is uninspired apparently simply a filming of the stage set-up and the audio quality is bad here and there (the rustling of people's clothes occasionally competes with their voices etc.).<br /><br />My friends and I started watching without knowing what to expect and the first scene almost put us off. It seemed very stagy and cheesy. Then we picked up on the tone of the content and really started to enjoy ourselves.<br /><br />It is very funny despite some corniness. Definitely give it a chance if you appreciate great dialog. Also Helena Bonham Carter is adorable of course.
critique138 Shazam was okay but Hero High was my favorite when I was a kid I mean before there was Sky High(2005) and Zoom(2006) there was Hero High a school for super hero's in training Teenagers with super powers would help police capture bad guys and other times they would get in embarrassing situations like The Greatest American Hero(1981). It was a fun cartoon to watch what was also fun was the live action stage show called The Kid Superpower Hour with Shazam. The actors who voiced the characters also dressed has there characters in the show. Rex Ruthless(John Berwick) Misty Magic(Jere Fields) WeatherMan(Jim Greenleaf) Captain California(Chris Hensel who also sang the theme song) Dirty Trixie(Maylo Mccaslin) Glorious Gal(Becky Perle who looks like the love child of Superman and Wonder Woman) and Punk Rock(Johnny Venocour). The whole cast just went with anything when it came to the jokes. The cartoon was a fun superhero comedy I shore up it will come back in live action like Fat Albert(2004)
critique139 A lot of the user comments i have seen on the IMDB for this movie don't really do it justice. First of all let me just say that this movie is not to be taken seriously. It's supposed to be a fun yet stupid movie that doesn't require one to think only to enjoy it. If you watch this movie with the intent to see a masterpiece in either filmmaking or in humour then you will be sorely disappointed. Yet if you want to just watch a goofy movie with some talented actors/actresses and some good catch-phrases then you will enjoy it.
critique140 I also viewed this film at the Santa Barbara Film Festival. It was an excellent film about adult family relationships. Paul Reiser wrote the film and included some similarities to his family. It was funny warm poignant and moving as well as entertaining. A film like this would do very well with the word of mouth reviews. I would definitely tell my friends and family to see this film. Let's only hope they'll have the chance. I would rate this film as one of the best movies I've seen in a year. It contains no violence action scenes murders sex so evidently distributors question whether or not to pick it up. Believe me there are people out there who would love to go see a movie like this that has redeeming value instead of the many typical big box office blockbusters we are usually given.
critique141 I never expected such an old film to be as impressive as this 1930 western turned out to be. The scenes of the pioneers heading west in their covered wagons encountering storms and mud river crossings Indian attacks and every manner of trial and danger are astonishing in their rugged believability. Much of the film was shot outdoors and the movie has a truly epic feel about it. The actors must have experienced much the same conditions as the original pioneers did and the results are astounding. The wagons the clothing every single detail looks and feels right. The characters are simple but believable with a straightforward story that travels like the wagon train to its destination.<br /><br />John Wayne is slim and youthful in one of his first roles as the scout leading the wagons and he does a fine job as the idealistic young frontiersman. He's up against a marvelously scurvy trio of villains including Ian Keith as a slick gambler Charles Stevens as a Mexican sidekick and Tyrone Power Senior as the growly bear-like trapper. Power's bearded snarling larger than life portrayal is both comic and menacing. I keep picturing him with a bandanna gold hoop earring and black eye patch with a parrot on his shoulder as he grunts and growls various threats and insults. His character could easily be transferred to a pirate ship with no difficulty at all. He nearly steals the whole picture.<br /><br />Tully Marshall is delightful as a wily old frontiersman who is Wayne's best friend. The lovely Marguerite Churchill makes a spirited heroine whose initial meeting with Wayne is a hilarious mix-up resulting in a long running courtship consisting of insults and feigned indifference on her part to aw shucks persistence on his. The results are quite humorous and one is glad to see them finally get together at the end.<br /><br />The scenery is amazing with the wagons crossing real prairies and having to be lowered by ropes down cliffs. Indians who are clearly the genuine article and not white actors in makeup appear as both friends and foes and are treated with dignity. Wayne's character tells an admiring group of young boys that the Indians are his friends who taught him everything he knows about survival in the wilderness.<br /><br />The Big Trail is an uncomplicated tale told well by a talented cast and crew. It will probably appear naive to many modern viewers but there is a quiet dignity about it that never lets it become corny. There is a great deal of intentional humor including a rowdy rascal of a pioneer who makes loud animal sounds from hiding  every time the smooth gambler Ian Keith tries to con the beautiful heroine into marrying him. His flowery speeches about the plantation he allegedly owns are interrupted by very realistic imitations of yowling cats and quacking ducks causing the would be seducer to look around in annoyance for the unseen creatures.<br /><br />Highly recommended both for western fans and lovers of old movies in general. This is truly a classic film for the ages.
critique142 Me and my mates used to gather together in one house to watch this on a Friday night before going to the pub. It was the only programme that ever made us miss opening time. It is one of the best comedies I have ever watched if not the best. David Jason was brilliant and was compared many times to Buster Keaton with his clever stunts that were pulled off so believably. I wish I could get hold of the series on DVD to watch again. He had an amazing ability to make stupid things look believable and this series shows how much talent he has in so many different directions. He is an accomplished "Trip and fall guy" and I remember watching a trailer once where he showed people how to do this professionally. Certainly he is the one to teach people this art. He only showed glimpses of it in other programs he did. Pshaw this program shows how multi talented he is. I am lost as to why David Jason vetoed another series being made as for my mind it was one of the best things he has ever done and I've been a fan of his since he did this series. It is said he did not like it because it showed the rawness of his early career. Well to my mind that might possibly have been the right decision when he took it but now his career has progressed so far I believe this would be a good time for him to do another series showing him looking back on his "secret life" full of blunders that he does not see. Rod
critique143 The one-liners fly so fast in this movie that you can watch it over and over and still catch new ones. By far one of the best of this genre.
critique144 From start to finish I laughed real hard throughout the whole movie. It's amazing that "The Groove Tube" is possibly the granddaddy yet raunchiest of all comedic skit movies.This is the way I enjoy watching TV without being bored at flipping channels only to suffer from insomnia! For 73 minutes the weird strange humor never stops! Just think of how all this nonsense laughing can help you enjoy life easier! It's way WAY better than Comedy Central or any prime time show! Do yourself a favor and trash all those soft lame romantic comedy movies into the wastebasket! Better yet tell your box office manager you want "The Groove Tube" back on the big screen!
critique145 A very good film focusing on a very important issue. Fetal alcohol syndrome is a very serious birth defect that is totally preventable. If more families saw this film perhaps more children would not end up like Adam. Jimmie Smits performs in one of his best roles ever. This is an excellent movie that takes into account a very special family with very important needs. This is not unlike thousands of families that exist in the United States today. There are children struggling with this world wide. The really important point here is that it all could have been prevented. More people should see this movie and take what it has to say seriously. It is well done with important messages handled in a graceful way.
critique146 I first saw this movie when I was in elementary school back in the 1960s. I was fascinated with the character played by Ingrid Bergman and it was my introduction to the French Quarter of New Orleans. The first part of the movie is the best as she comes back to exact some revenge on her father's wife and daughter (her mother had been driven out in disgrace). During this time she meets the wonderful Clint Maroon played by Gary Cooper. The chemistry between the two is great. The second half of the movie takes place in Saratoga NY (the Saratoga of the title) and I never enjoy it as much as the New Orleans setting but it's still very good. I give this movie a ten - partly out of nostalgia but mostly because it's just a darn good movie and the characters besides those of Bergman and Cooper are equally wonderful (Flora Robson comes close to stealing the scenes from Bergman). It used to be shown on TV periodically but it's shown rarely if ever - it would be a good one for one of the classic movie stations to pick up and put into their programming cycles.
critique147 If you want to really terrify people choose the Devil as your subject. After all a good deal of the population believe that he is real. Therefore you are plugging into a whole meaty swathe of pre-existing religious and mythological imagery. And bound to cause quite a few nightmares in your young audience.<br /><br />This episode had all the appearance of a Hollywood blockbuster. In fact having finished watching it I flicked over to another channel which was playing a recent Bond film and quite frankly couldn't split a hair between the differences in SFX. With a minimal cast restricted by its situation on a space station; complete with overwhelming panoramic views of an imploding universe it was as claustrophobic and intense as Alien or Event Horison. The black hole outside made it feel as if the black hole's weight of dark matter was pressing the station onto the planet and to Whatever was sealed inside. And as the horror is intensified by the knowledge that the Dr and Rose are stranded the sinister Ood start channelling a disembodied voice and then the characters start being picked off one by one...<br /><br />This has all the best qualities of the cream of this new Dr Who endeavour; Girl in the Fireplace and the Empty Child. Emotionally engaging frightening and humorous all without seeming cheesy. This is far scarier than any amount of flying Daleks. But it has to be asked is this really suitable viewing for children? This is not a family friendly episode. Pity the poor parent who has to put their kids to bed after this one. I'm not sure I even want to see what happens next!
critique148 'The Big Snit' came into my life complete by accident and has left an indelible mark on my soul. A scar of love destruction and pointlessness that will forever be a part of my life. This is tale of beautiful futility. We are helpless without each other. We are helpless against governmental wrong-doings. We are helpless as to the choices we all try to make when in love. Deaf to the mutterings and goings on of an world outside the window. Blind to an inevitable apocalypse. Dumb of the hatred and greedy opinions of an over-indulgent society. This is a tale of personal commitment and triumphant love defeating the ideologies of war. Their petty bickering is a sublime observation of human nature and of how love comes with it's pains and darkness Everyone has some irritating aspect to their personality and this is observed by the makers in the most simplistic and fantastic way. We travel only a short distance with the two main characters but are left wanting to complete our own journeys with a some of their simpleloving honest philosophy in tow. I am so very glad that i exist in this 'our time'. Another 20 years either side of my birth date and i would not have seen and felt.... ....The Big Snit. William White. Sheffield.
critique149 The story of an obsessed lover (Shahrukh Khan) and the lengths he goes to get his true love (Juhi Chawla) who's already married to her husband (Sunny Deol). The film is considered one of Shahrukh Khan's best performances and won him acclaim from critics and audiences alike. Fear that your love may not be reciprocated fear that you may lose the one you love fear that your beloved could have a change of heart. In short fear is the villain in every love story.<br /><br />But in 'Darr' fear is the ultimate expression of passion of obsession and of sacrifice. 'Darr' is Rahul's (Shahrukh Khan) story whose love and obsession for Kiran (Juhi Chawla) frees him from all fears of life & death. 'Darr' is Sunil's (Sunny Deol) story whose enduring love and passion for Kiran gives him the courage to face the fear of death.<br /><br />And finally 'Darr' is Kiran's story who is caught between one man's love and another man's obsession. She fears one & fears for the other. One stands for love the other for life. In this battle between love & life the supreme victor is love because love always wins in life & death. simply "Darr" is one of the best Indian films ever made.
critique150 1930's comedy mystery about "The Crooked Circle" a band of hooded crooks who set about plotting the murder of some one who swore to oppose them. Enjoyable but really unremarkable little film the movie works simply because the cast headed by Zazu Pitts and James Gleason (both of whom would later appear together in a couple of Hildegarde Withers films after Edna Mae Oliver dropped out of that series) and supported by a great cast of actors and actresses you know but may not know the name of (I don't hence the lack naming). A breezy hour long romp the movie doesn't make a great deal of sense with mistaken identity secret passages ghostly music and people not being who they seem. Its the perfect thing for a dark and stormy night or a late night viewing when one is nostalgic for the late late show.
critique151 The first thing I wanted to do after watching this film was watch it again (because I'd missed lots with all the laughing I did). I'm European and I've studied abroad and I've as good as lived with Spanish french Italian and German people. The film was full of stereotypes which more often than not p*** people off and reading some of the other reviews I see that it did p*** people off. But this film gets the stereotypes so right I cannot fault it. Except for maybe the way the french guy became a drunken party animal. The English guy was the perfect "geezer" stereotype. Drunk annoying insulting but shines through in the end. As well as the stereotypes the film also got the emotional aspect of studying abroad correct. At first he's shy doesn't know anybody misses home doesn't know his way around. As time progresses it becomes his home and when the time comes to leave it is extremely difficult. A feeling people can only understand if they've experienced it. I highly recommend this film.
critique152 Thanks to Warner Archive I can once again see this mammoth variety show which throws in everything but the kitchen sink. (The bathtub however is present.) This film gives screen time to every person who was under contract to Warners at the time. If some of the artists seem unfamiliar to some it is because they were big in the silent days and most faded with the popularity of the talkies. There are some truly remarkable artists from the vaudeville era as well. You will be most impressed with Winnie Lightner who performs two numbers. Also there is that French star Irene Bordoni who croons a love song in a sexy manner. Perhaps one of the biggest highlights is the two-strip Technicolor "Chinese Fantasy" which has been restored for this version. It is truly beautiful and it stars Myrna Loy and Nick Lucas. Finally there is the massive "Lady Luck" finale which goes on for nearly a quarter of an hour. This is truly an epic of the early-talkie era. Any old-movie buff will love this.
critique153 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique154 In a very short time the movie showed a boy's odd life of taking pictures showed his life and everyone else's get turned upside down as a result of his photographs then brought everything back to normal in the end. One to see if you're looking for something interesting.
critique155 YES the plot is hardly plausible and very thin. YES the acting does range from average to laughable. YES it has been done so many times before. However what we are dealing with is a film that does not shy away from these facts and pretends to be nothing more than it is. There are indeed some original death scenes and the tension does increase throughout the movie. In addition you are never more than a few minutes away from a gory killing. I urge everyone to watch this film with an unprejudiced eye and see it for what it set out to be; a scary funny slasher flick with a theme tune second to none.
critique156 Dutiful wife Norma Shearer (as Katherine "Kitty" Brown) waits on husband Rod La Rocque (as Bob Brown) hand and foot. While making him breakfast in bed and helping him dress for a Sunday golf outing Ms. Shearer suggests joining Mr. La Rocque for the day noting how infrequently the two see each other. But La Rocque puts her off saying her presence adversely affects his game. Then unexpectedly Shearer meets the real reason for her husband's frequent absencesÃ‚Â… his pretty blonde mistress!<br /><br />Three years later Shearer is a glamorous and flirty divorcÃƒÂ©e. While summering in Paris she has struck up a friendship with wealthy older socialite Marie Dressler (as as Mrs. "Boucci" Bouccicault). Ms. Dressler invites Shearer to her Long Island home to socialize with some friends and ask a favor. Dressler is worried about her granddaughter's relationship with a suave worldly man. She wants young Sally Eilers (as Dionne) to marry Raymond Hackett (as Bruce) instead. Aware of Shearer's flirtatious conquests Dressler asks her to lure the undesirable man away from Ms. Eilers. Shearer is stunned to discover the man is La Rocque her ex-husband.<br /><br />Shearer and Dressler make this a cute entertaining play. They are in top form giving guaranteed-to-be-popular performances with enthusiasm and professionalism. The story is silly and predictable; yet in a way which helps the humorous situation. And the ending is quite clever. In fact the comic "Let Us be Gay" may have aged better than Shearer's larger-produced and more serious "The DivorcÃƒÂ©e" which was released around the same time. The cast uniformly fine. La Rocque is better than his film with Lilian Gish; but his role is not at all endearing. Gilbert Emery (as Towney) and Tyrell Davis (as Wallace) are funny supporting suitors.<br /><br />Those not familiar with Norma Shearer may not realize it is she who appears as the dowdy wife in the opening scenes. This is Shearer as "Kitty" before her make-over. Watch the close-ups of Shearer with light natural make-up for a good look at an intriguingly beautiful woman.<br /><br />******* Let Us Be Gay (1930) Robert Z. Leonard ~ Norma Shearer Marie Dressler Rod La Rocque
critique157 One of the less widely lauded of recent Asian period action affairs Gojoe is an at first slow and often curious but overall pretty terrific offering exciting layered and beautiful. I'm sad to say I know virtually nothing of the Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and legend that surrounds this film so its deeper meanings are lost on me but even without contextual knowledge this is still rich fare taking a traditional fantasy structure into a impactful higher plane. The story is of Benkei a warrior monk and perhaps demon who seeks enlightenment by destroying the demon of Gojoe Bridge: Prince Shanao himself a mortal seeker after his own higher plane but this time the power of demons. Thus the film becomes a matter of illusions and in Benkei's case indecision a conflict in which the real goal is self knowledge for Benkei to come to terms with his true nature and for Prince Shanao to come face to face with the nature of what he seeks to become. Benkei is even more hampered here by the fact that his dark nature makes him fundamentally at odds with the world even when not in open conflict he is never at ease. Director Sogo Ishii handles this one as an epic with measured pace camera work always stylish and often frenzied without neglecting the need for more sedate moments to let the location sink in there is also great use of lighting and fog to give an ethereal atmosphere there is an air of fantasy to much of the film but outside of the overtly supernatural moments it is a down and dirty fantasy with more period fell than flights of fancy. The cinematography of Makoto Watanbe is important here vivid and detailed a richly evocative affair. Actingwise Daisuke Ryu is dignified and powerful with a mysterious savagery as Benkei while Tadanobu Asano has a driven cold arrogance as Prince Shanao. Of the leads Masatoshi Nagase rounds things out as an ordinary man smart and cynical but still unaware of just exactly what the stakes are. The film all fits together well it is however a touch flabby at times it begins slowly some shots are a little drawn out and the epic fight scenes at times go on longer than strictly necessary. As for the fighting it is filmed frenetic rather than for actual moves it has artistic impact but may disappoint regular action fans often obscured by objects flashing blades and fast moving individuals whirling with deadly force through their adversaries are the order of the day it is invigorating to watch but in the end I could have done with a little more traditionalism. There is some unfortunate cgi bloodshed as well it somewhat works in the context but is still distracting. Overall though I found this to be a pretty great film its not one for regular action fans or swordplay enthusiasts seeking another Azumi rather a deeper and more mystical beast its ending in particular will not go down well with fans of the more generic wing of such fare. But as for myself it really hit the spot and for those more adventurously inclined it might do so too. Well recommended at any rate.
critique158 Biographical tale of the life of Charles Lindbergh the first man to fly solo non-stop across the Atlantic in 1927 aboard his plane the Spirit of St Louis.<br /><br />While not amongst Director Billy Wilder's best films it does boast some very impressive production values especially for a film made 50 years ago. The story is well told and the performances are also good though not outstanding.<br /><br />One definite limiting factor upon the storytelling is that Lindbergh flew alone and without a radio which meant he has no one to speak with. This necessitated a few different story telling techniques such as internal monologues speaking with a housefly and the occasional bouts of talking to himself especially once the exhaustion sets in. Also in order to avoid an extended sequence of the famous flight it is interspersed with flashbacks from his life and the methodical preparations for the flight.<br /><br />Charles Lindbergh was a huge hero of his era but his controversial beliefs would taint his legacy somewhat. Despite this he would continue to contribute to the aviation field and assisted as a civilian aircraft consultant to the US effort in WWII.<br /><br />Jimmy Stewart certainly had the flying background to back his portrayal of Lindbergh. He rose to the rank of Colonel in US Air Force during WWII and while in the reserves following the War would reach the rank of Brigadier General.
critique159 With Oliver Hardy bedeviled by the sound of horns bells phones and trombones his doctor Finlayson advises peace and quiet and a diet of goat milk. Partner Stan Laurel comes up with a great solution living on a docked boat so the salt sea air can help Ollie get all the rest he needs. It's a great premise for all the mad cap hijinks to ensue as the boat is set adrift by the hungry goat and an escaped convict (Richard Cramer) stows along for the ride.<br /><br />I got a kick out of all the gags in the film starting with that sign in the horn testing factory - 'Silence While Men Are Working'. The early story at the boys' apartment features a number of mixed up plumbing and appliance mishaps with Stan doing a banana within a banana bit. Laurel has a couple of great lines in the picture like "We must have been dis-unconnected" but the one that had me rolling was his response to the criminal on board ship - "Self preservation is the last law of averages" - precisely!<br /><br />I'm not as great a student of Laurel and Hardy's films as many on this board all I know is I enjoyed them as a kid and find them to be as entertaining today as they were back in my youth. On that count "Saps At Sea" provides a decent hour of hornophobic fun well on it's way to hornomania.
critique160 I first saw the opening of Otto Preminger's "Porgy and Bess" on TV probably some time in the early 80s and my younger self found it a bit slow despite the timeless music. I turned it off<br /><br />Last night an extremely rare cobbled together print screened at the L.A. Cinematheque and it was a bit of a revelation. The performances are strong and memorable. Dorothy Dandridge brings a great deal of vulnerability strength and subtle (at least by today's standards) eroticism to her part. Sidney Poitier is said to be uncomfortable with the movie but his performance is terrific as is Pearl Bailey. Even better are Sammy Davis as the amoral cat-like Sportin' Life and Brock Peters as the villanious bully Crown.<br /><br />Still I'm no fan of Preminger's earlier leaden -- and far easier to see -- "Carmen Jones." Porgy and Bess" is far superior to that less controversial film -- though that may have to do with the fact that the source material is also far superior.<br /><br />As seen last night this is a sturdy but far from perfect work. Not all of the moments quite come alive and there is some awkwardness in the way the film mixes the overtly stylized Catfish Row set (beautifully done by Oliver Smith) with actual locations. Also even to my rather untrained ear some brief portions of the score seem unduly popularized.<br /><br />Moreover while this doesn't detract from the achievement of the filmmakers -- Preminger's decision to film almost entirely in wide shots with no close-ups and occasional medium shots no doubt rendered it unwatchable on TV "panned and scanned" and may doom it even on widescreen DVDs if it gets the restoration it deserves. On smaller screens we won't be able to make out the many details that are crucial to the way Preminger staged the film.<br /><br />Also the mix heard last night was odd. Many of the vocals particularly on the opening "Summertime" seemed unduly soft and were overwhelmed by the instrumental music. Perhaps this can be fixed in a restoration.<br /><br />There is the issue of the film's racial politics. Personally I see nothing wrong with it at least in a contemporary context. At the time when so few films depicted strong African-American characters this may have seemed an unfortunate choice for a big-budget Hollywood film. And while there may not be much "empowering" here these are recognizable human beings that are not racial stereotypes. These are operatic characters who make poor choices because that's what tragic characters do. That alone made it a giant stride forward at the time.<br /><br />In a modern context where strong and heroic African-American characters are less rare (though still not common enough) these characters seem nothing more nor less than human. They truly could be poor and undereducated people of any ethnic background.<br /><br />Thorny politics aside the original work is undoubtedly one of the truly great achievements of American music and (secondarily) theater. Poitier Davis Dandridge Peters and yes Pearl Bailey were all amazing performers who we'll never see the likes of again. This less than perfect but still solid film clearly deserves to be seen and treasured.
critique161 The time is the future and for many not aware of it that day is now. In this final movie for legendary actor Edward G. Robinson "Solent Green" becomes a landmark classic. Many a film buff and environmentalist believe this is our eventual history. The movie is taken from the novel entitled 'Make room make room' but who's working title was changed to "Solent Green." The story concerns the Earth as it evolves into the future with the world's environmental problems becoming nothing short of Catastrophic. The planet's natural resources have been exhausted and basic food has been reduced to simple staples. They come in a variety of colors such as Solent Yellow Solent Red and now 'Solent Green.' However there are those who know the 'real' ingredient in Solent Green and cringe at their own culpability and fear divine retribution. The first is a food executive named William R. Simonson (Joseph Cotton). Upon his death a dedicated police detective called Robert Thorn (Charleston Heston) seeks the truth behind his apparent suicide. Although corruption goes all the way to the top it begins with Simonsons' Bodyguard Tad Fielding (Chuck Connors) and Security chief Donnovan (Roy Jenson) who target Thorn for a Waste Desposal Factory. Thorn's boss Lt. Hatcher (Brock Peters) believes his suspicions but warns him of those 'Higher and Hot' who want the case closed but Thorn will not risk his "Job" for an easy way out. What Thorn discovers marks him for death but like the film awaits a final warning. ****
critique162 I have to mention two failures for you to understand that this movie brilliantly succeeded where they failed: "A Scanner Darkly" and "Immortel Ad Vitam". If you were excited by the concepts of these two movies and felt woefully disappointed (like me) you will probably enjoy Renaissance. It immerses you into the world of a future Paris. It is not quite dystopian. They did the animation so well that I thought it was rotoscoped but from what I can tell it was not it was merely motion capture. The facial expressions are amazing! Not since TRON have I seen a fantasy world so well displayed in an animation/live hybrid. The Black and White medium is used to slowly direct your attention to the subject of the scene; my favorite effect was what they did with headlight beams watch for it. The director plays with your attention and confusion but you are satisfied eventually by finding the thread that he wants you to find. The overall effect is a harsh and gritty urban world filled with small surprises.<br /><br />The plot is secondary but it isn't terrible. It is noir-ish. There is a backstory for most of the major characters giving them some depth. There is weather. There are "sets" so you can feel like you are in different places in Paris. There is some action and even a car chase. I am going to have to see this one again to get everything. I also recommend a very large screen to view it as the "sets" are detailed and the credits are small.
critique163 Gundam Wing to me happens to be a good anime. A bit slow moving (especially around the middle of the series) but over all enjoyable. Now before anyone jumps on my case and calls me a "winger" I will admit that I have watched all of the original Gundam Gundam 0080 and 0083 The 08th MS Team and Gundam SEED.<br /><br />I will admit that there were a few problems with the story telling and a few characters may seem to be "rip-offs" (i.e. Zechs Marquise to the original Gundam's Char) but this is an alternate universe show based on the original series as is SEED.<br /><br />If you wish to view this series make sure that you watch the original Gundam first and then know that you are watching an AU series.
critique164 Charlie Wilson's War based on a true story tells the tale of a Texas congressman and a CIA agent working to secure funding for covert support of the Mujaheddin in 1980s Afghanistan following the USSR invasion of the country. This conflict played a major role in the final years of the Cold War between the US and the USSR.<br /><br />In terms of film making Charlie Wilson's War is a definite winner. It well-written well-acted and well-shot. While most of the attention has gone to Tom Hanks for yet another fine performance I was even more impressed with Philip Seymour Hoffman's turn as CIA operative Gust Avrakotos. Scenes of Soviet attacks on under-armed villages and of the refugee camp effectively tug at the heart. The film also gives a good behind-the-scenes look at the wheeling and dealing that Congressman Wilson must go through to secure the desired funding.<br /><br />There are however two complaints I have about the film. The first is that there is a subplot involving an scandal investigation that is not well-developed and as such only serves as a minor distraction to the story line. The second complaint is that the film lacks some of the context of the war. The film makes the Mujaheddin look like innocent victims and while they did suffer large civilian casualties the Mujaheddin were in fact rebels trying to topple the government of Afghanistan. This government ignored entirely in the film not surprisingly fought to suppress the rebellion later calling on the Soviet Union for support in their effort. The film also ignores that the US was aiding the Mujaheddin prior to the Soviet deployment in Afghanistan. The film did hint at the unintended consequences of our covert actions -- consequences we are still feeling today -- but it seems as if screenwriter Aaron Sorkin and director Mike Nichols were willing to sacrifice some historical context to provide a cohesive narrative. (Not having read the book I do not know if George Crile made the same compromise.) Those complaints notwithstanding I did enjoy watching Charlie Wilson's War and do recommend it. I would have preferred a film that more accurately depicted the complexities of the situation as Stephen Gaghan did in Syriana but the audiences connected better with cohesive narrative of Charlie Wilson's War than with the ambiguities present in Syriana.
critique165 IN COLD BLOOD is masterfully directed and adapted by Richard Brooks. However it's also so bent on being realistic it's sometimes more clinical than entertaining. Recounting the brutal killing of a Midwest family author Truman Capote focused on minutia wrapping himself and the reader up in the subject AND subjects! Brooks departs wildly from that approach in favor of something closer to docudrama. Although he films on actual locations he keeps his distance. The murderers are portrayed as depraved imbeciles which surely they were. They're not seen as misunderstood souls (as in the Capote book) and the savagery of their act is horrifyingly blunt. Scott Wilson and Robert Blake are excellent as the killers as is the supporting cast including John Forsythe and Paul Stewart as the reporter (the Capote "character?") The landmark photography is by the great Conrad Hall.
critique166 Sadness and nostalgia permeate Late Chrysanthemums a 1954 film by Japanese auteur Mikio Naruse now undergoing a retrospective of his long unavailable films thanks to James Quandt of Cinematheque Ontario and The Japan Foundation. Based on three stories by Fumiko Hayashi Late Chrysanthemums tells the story of four retired geishas now middle-aged whose lives have become full of disappointment and regret. Performance are uniformly outstanding particularly that of Haruko Sugimura who starred in films by Ozu's Late Spring Floating Weeds and Tokyo Story among others. Sugimura portrays Kin a former Geisha who has no children and lives only with her young maid who is unable to speak.<br /><br />She has become cynical about men and has turned her attention to money particularly real estate speculation and loaning money to her friends Nobu (Sadako Sawamura) Tamae (Chikako Hosokawa) and Tomi (Yuko Mochizuki) all former geishas. Kin's friends live in meager circumstances and complain about how Kin has become greedy and Tomi spends considerable time gambling to try and make ends meet. Both Tomi and Tamae are in the process of losing their children. Tamae's son is leaving to work in the coalmines in Hokkaido and Tomi's daughter has decided to accept a marriage proposal from an older man. Both resist the change in their circumstances but come to accept it as inevitable.<br /><br />Two male friends visit Kin Seki a former lover with whom she once contemplated double suicide and Tabe (Ken Uehara) another lover who she looks forward to seeing again after many years. Her mood is upbeat but soon turns to resentment when she discovers that the two men are only interested in borrowing money. Naruse cuts between two extended sequences seamlessly as Kin confronts Tabe and Tomi and Tamae console each other over the loss of their children The dialogue is extremely natural and the characters are women of strength who though their future does not seem bright refuse to see themselves merely as victims. Late Chrysanthemums has the simplicity humor and stoic acceptance of life prominent in the films of Ozu and is a bittersweet reminder of the slow passing of time and the comfort that memory and companionship can bring along the way.
critique167 I first saw this film 40 years ago on N.Y. television and thought it was a depressing look at the future. Wells sees restriction of private freedoms as a good thing. (" no private airplanes". The 30 year plus war in the film was the reason this film was not shown to British film goers doing the war. The concept of the future and the Korda an Co. concept of the the machines of the future are the real stars of the film. The very best acting performance is that of Ralph Richardson as the Boss. A combination of Winston Churchill and Edina from Absolutely Fabulous comedy series. It is interesting to note that the Boss's negative personality is somewhat similar to the war time Churchill.
critique168 As I said in my comment about the first part: These two movies are better than most Science Fiction Fans confess.<br /><br />The scenario in the second movie is not that moving as we don't see the destruction of human civilization but the aftermath thousands of refugees fleeing in tiny space cans protected by only one powerful spaceship.<br /><br />But when Battlestar Pegasus appears the story heats up carrying the battle back to the Cylon Planets. Okay it has a little bit of Mad Max because all they fight for is fuel for their spaceships to travel on to find the distant Earth but it works for me. It is thrilling Science Fiction entertainment featuring fine actors and decent special effects (even though those tend to repeat themselves to say the least :-) ).<br /><br />I would have loved a continuation with Starbuck and Apollo on board. Instead we got a second sequel with no name characters who proved that the story had worked before especially because the feature characters were so well-chosen...<br /><br />So thumbs down for the productions of 1980 but thumbs up for the two movies from 1978.
critique169 Fassbinder's most lavish production sacrifices little of his talent for identifying and deconstructing a locus of suffering in long mobile takes that somehow also act as social encapsulations; here it's much more overt since the story takes place in war-torn Germany at the end of WWII and the central character is a woman (Hanna Schygulla as Maria) who capitalizes on vulnerabilities (both economic and gender-related) to catapult herself up the ladder of a prominent textile corp. that makes coveted goods like lederhosen available to indigent workers (as she once was). Married amidst allied air raids Maria and her new husband Herrmann are allowed a brief honeymoon before he's shipped out to the Russian front. In his absence her despair is great: she spends most days at the train station waiting for him to return. When he is reported dead she abruptly stops grieving and takes a job as a barmaid/prostitute at a brothel catering to American GI's.<br /><br />When he returns things get plenty messy as circumstances (and his sense of noble self-sacrifice) conspire to keep them apart. The message is Fassbinder's M.O. writ large: 'Love is colder than death' but not only is Maria contending with her own sanity and a husband largely incapable of loving her but a country in deep flux with no discernible light at the end of the tunnel. Fassbinder is making some kind of statement on post-war Germany selling out to the highest bidder but as with all his films I tend to block those elements out and focus on the unbearable passions on display: Fassbinder's as evoked through his characters; his actors' as filtered through their real-life connections with Fassbinder. Taken together his films can be either unbearable or indescribably mesmeric often at once; this falls somewhere in-between although definitely closer to the latter. While I didn't like it quite as much as The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant or Katzelmacher Maria Braun certainly has a greater scope and what's more I could feel its passion and authentic detail to human emotions.
critique170 This is the best of the films (so far) that Christopher Guest has created using his very talented ensemble cast. Previously they'd made the excellent WAITING FOR GUFFMAN and following BEST IN SHOW they made the very enjoyable A MIGHTY WIND. As for their latest FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION the less said the better.<br /><br />The film appears to be a documentary about dog shows and several contestants in particular. You follow these few chosen dogs from pre-show preparations all the way to the big night where one of them is chosen best in show at the fictitious "Mayflower Kennel Club". However none of these people are real dog show enthusiasts but talent improvisational actors that parody many of the common types of people you meet in the dog show world. Amazingly even though the characters are rather outlandish there is a lot of truth to the personalities they are parodying--as decades ago I had some experience with dog shows and this is a VERY cutthroat group of people! My favorites of the dog owners were the incredibly high-pressure and tense yuppie couple who just exuded anger and volatility. I also loved the openly gay couple as they were terribly funny and clever. However the best performance probably wasn't from any of the couples but from Fred Willard who played the world's stupidest and least talented announcer in human history. His comments were uniformly inane and often betrayed his as an incredibly stupid person--how he got to be the announcer for such a prestigious show is anyone's guess. The other contestants featured were also quite funny--the high-priced professional poodle handler and its rich owner the country boy and his hound as well as Winkie's "parents" who could barely scrape together enough to make it to the show.<br /><br />Despite the improvised style of film making the pieces all fit together wonderfully and told a very funny and compelling story--one that is NOT for dog owners only. Exceptional acting made this one of the best comedies of the last decade. Clever and consistently funny.<br /><br />By the way try to find this on DVD as the extras were actually worth seeing. While a bit painful to watch I loved seeing Harlan Pepper and his beach ball collection in particular!
critique171 I was surprised "Once More My Darling" had not generated enough votes (at this writing) for a "user rating". It's a "screwy" comedy I have enjoyed many times over the years. Robert Montgomery's mission places him in some very improbable situations and he's just the man for the job. He maintains his trademark "befuddled" look throughout the film and hysterically too. Ann Blyth plays his precocious/eccentric pursuer who assumes a relationship that does not exist. Her character is kooky enough to warrant the unearned nickname "Killer" but remains cute and cuddly.<br /><br />Among the glut of "B" movies from the late 1940's and 1950's "Once More My Darling" is a standout. This one is worth looking for....
critique172 DRIVING LESSONS is a little film that sneaks up on you. What at first seems to be a bit of fluffy nonsense comedy British style is at its base a very fine story about coming of age and the needs for significant friendship of both the young and the elderly. Writer Jeremy Brock ('Mrs. Brown' 'Charlotte Gray' 'The Last King of Scotland') here directs his own screenplay and the result is a cohesive progressively involving tale filled with fascinating and diverse characters each performed by sterling actors.<br /><br />Ben Marshall (Rupert Grint standing firmly on his own as a developing actor post 'Harry Potter' series) is a quiet plain little poetic seventeen-year-old living with his bird watching Vicar father (Nicholas Farrell) and his obsessive compulsive rigid evangelical do-gooder mother (Laura Linney) in a home where 'needy people' such as the murderous cross-dressing Mr. Fincham (Jim Norton) take precedence over family matters: the mother is by the way having an affair with priest Peter (Oliver Milburn) using Ben as her cover! Sad Ben is among other things attempting to learn to drive a car. His mother is a poor teacher and decides he needs professional lessons AND needs to get a job to help pay for poor Mr. Fincham's needs. Ben follows an ad and meets Dame Eve Walton (Julie Walters) an elderly has-been actress who is as zany as any character ever created. She hires Ben and the fireworks begin. Through a series of incidents including a camping trip Evie demands they take the two learn life's lessons missing from each other's natures: Ben learns self respect and self confidence and Evie finds a true friend who will allow her to drop her stagy facade and be the dear human being she has been hiding.<br /><br />Julie Walters always offering the finest skills of acting in every character she creates finds a role like no other here: she is outlandishly wild and lovable. Rupert Grint is exactly the right choice for the challenged coming of age Ben. The chemistry between the two is as tender as that in the classic film 'Harold and Maude'. Laura Linney is as always a superb actress playing a role quite different from her usual repertoire. And the supporting cast is a panorama of fine characterizations. This film is a delightful surprise and one sure to warm the heart and entertain those who love fine writing and direction and acting - and message! Grady Harp
critique173 These kinda movies just don't get the credit they deserve. This is my 2nd all time favorite movie (Stand By Me being 1st.) The reason I watched this movie was because Wil Wheaton was in it and he is my most favorite person in the whole world and I think he done an amazing job in this movie and so did Sean Astin. I just watched it last night actually and it just amazed me. Everything in the movie is very exceptional. The script the acting the screenplay. I was on the edge of my seat 80% of the time and if my mom wasn't in the room I would have absolutely balled whenever Joey Trotta (Wil Wheaton) died. I did not see that coming!! At all!! I was real surprised when I heard that it wasn't real popular back in the 90's. I was born a few years after it came out so of course I didn't go see it in the theaters but im sure I would have if I would have been alive. If any of my friends watched this they would be like "uhh okay?" but thats just cause their not cool enough to appreciate work like this. If you haven't seen this movie or are wanting to watch something that is the bomb this is the movie for you to watch.
critique174 even though this movie is quite old no matter how many times i watch it it still makes me laugh. <br /><br />one particular quote in the movie stands out. <br /><br />when Danny( Joe Piscopo) pulls up to the d.a's office & parks in a disabled spot Danny's partner says <br /><br />" can't park here it's for the handicapped". <br /><br />Danny replies " i am handicappedi'm psychotic".<br /><br />that is one of the many lines in the movie that no matter how many times you watch it'll make you chuckle.<br /><br />Johnny Dangerously stands in my top 5 comedy/spoof movies of all time.<br /><br />As an added bonus it also includes the legendary actor Peter Boyle in the cast. So watch this movie & like myself & many others who have watched it you'll be hooked.
critique175 I have watched this movie at least ten times. I do not agree with the previous comments. This is a tongue in cheek movie and some of the acting is meant to be stilted. Men like Paul Cowley are few and far between women like Linda unfortunately are a dime a dozen. The sad thing here is that although similiar relationships like this rarely lead to murder and frame ups it is an all to familiar scenario. Boy worships girl girl doesn't know he exists they grow up man sees woman he fantasized about down and out and rescues her. Bottom line she never did love him-he came along at the right time and she used him. Thomas is excellent as the nerdy but adequate Paul. His portrayal is sensitive and touching. Madsen is perfect as the femme-fatale. What really moved me was the final scene. Paul says he eventually cried but not for Linda his wife but for the unknown girl he had watched from a distance so many years ago..and longed for..and loved. And I loved the close-up of Thomas at the end.
critique176 In 1942 a film TALES OF MANHATTAN told a set of stories that were basically unrelated but tied together with a suit of men's evening wear. Each story began when the "tails" were passed from one owner (Charles Boyer for instance) to another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73 a superior film and a great western has a similar plot twist. Initially it is about how Jimmy Stewart is seeking Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for some deadly grudge. But in the course of the film the two men get into a shooting contest the prize (given by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) being one of the new Winchester rifles. Stewart barely beats out MacMahon but the gun is stolen from Stewart and the chase is on. <br /><br />The gun passes from hand to hand including John McIntyre (as an arrogant trader who fatally does not know when to stop being arrogant) to Rock Hudson (in a surprising role - and a brief one at that) to Charles Drake to Dan Duryea (as the delightfully deadly and psychotic Waco Johnny Dean) to MacMahon. Eventually it does return to Stewart.<br /><br />The film is expertly directed by Anthony Mann. Every character has a wide variety of experiences. Duryea gets the rifle literally over Drake's dead body (Duryea forces the issue). But he loses it to MacMahon who is faster on the draw - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight for the rifle. As he and Shelley Winter look at MacMahon in the distance Winter (who watched Duryea kill her former boy friend Drake) drops her distaste for the gunman momentarily to ask why he put up with MacMahon's bullying for the gun. Philosophically Duryea explains he can wait. Some opportunity will come up later on (i.e. when he can safely kill MacMahon and get back the rifle). <br /><br />The characters are remarkably human. Winters first appears as the future bride of Drake but she sees a really big negative side to him - an unforgivable side. Drake is aware of this lapse and it helps lead to his destruction. Other characters have realistic touches such as J.C. Flippen as an army sergeant who fights an Indian attack with Steward and Steward's friend Millard Mitchell. Oh yes and with Flippen's fellow soldier - Tony Curtis. Flippen makes one believe this soldier has been on a hundred battlefields before since 1861 probably. Steward had showed emotions in other films. In IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE he showed a degree of anger at times and also a near nervous breakdown when he thinks everything is wrong with his life. But here he showed a demonic anger - at the expense of a surprised Duryea (who normally would show such anger himself).<br /><br />The parts of this film fit very neatly together under Mann's competent hands. This is one western that never wears out as the audience watches the travels of a Winchester rifle.
critique177 When I first saw this movie I was only a little kid and I fell in love with it they really don't make movies like this anymoreI just watch this again now slightly older and still love it. <br /><br />The Humour is perfect and fits into the movie really well all the gags are kind of childish but will make adults laugh as welland in a kids movie is really very rare. <br /><br />The Animation is amazing and to watch hand-drawn animation is a real breath of fresh air to all the computer animation we see today. The Backgrounds are stunning and the coloring is amazing.<br /><br />The Characters are just the kind of characters that you fall in love with the moment you start watching girls will think the Chipmunks are adorable and Guys will think the Chipettes are really kinda sexy.<br /><br />The Songs are fun to listen too and some just really make you wanna cry or get up and dance its also fun to watch visual humor to go along with them. <br /><br />The Voice Acting is great no doubt even if most of the voice acting is high pitch but an interesting thing popped up and it one of the songs from this movie but the slowed down to show the real voices behind them and its really kinda fun to watch. <br /><br />If you see this movie in a store or somewhere to rent I say check it out it's really worth seeing and is a perfect family movie its absolutely amazing words can not express this movie.
critique178 If you like animal movies this movie will please. My wife likes animals and animal movies she especially like the parrot in this film. It is geared towards kids but I laughed at most of the humor. The French fashion character made me laugh and adds balance to the script. It is a Disney film with its sappy happily family apeal but I like leaving the theater with a positive fealing.
critique179 Orson Welles manages to knock me on my ass with every picture of his I see. Lady of Shanghai is on the same level as his other masterpieces The Magnificent Ambersons Touch of Evil The Trial and Chimes at Midnight. The plot can tend to be confusing sometimes and sometimes it seems to be moving maybe a tiny bit too fast (about an hour of it was edited out when test screenings went poorly). It doesn't matter however. You can't watch Welles' films and manage to concentrate too much on the plot. His direction defines what great direction is. Almost any scene from this film can hold up with any other scene he directed. Check out the courtroom scene. Usually they are such stock scenes that I can't stand them. Case in point try to sit through Welles' own speech near the end of Compulsion. In Lady from Shanghai just pay attention to the level of detail in that courtroom scene. Watch that juror who is always sneezing and interrupting the proceedings. Or just take a look at the lighting in that scene. I know it is just a simple Venetian blind and that it was used constantly in film noirs and crime films of the era but Welles gives it a beauty all its own. The dialogue is also remarkable. Welles had the skill a skill that no one else seemed to have to make a crime film containing examples of the grandest poetry. Whether he was speaking Shakespeare or spitting out hard-boiled lines it had the power to stir the soul. 10/10.
critique180 Nice pleasant and funny but not earth-shattering. It does a good job of showing the "behind the scenes" world of theater groups and the lives of the actors. The three witches are great- both on- and off-stage. I would assume the movie works wonderfully (lots of apparent inside jokes) if one was involved in theater (which I'm not).
critique181 This documentary traces the origins and life of the Zephyr skateboard team using original film shot in the 1970s (mostly by Craig Stecyk) combined with interviews of the team members and other influential people today.<br /><br />The first part of the film documents how the "Dogtown" section of Venice CA came to be starting back around the turn of the century when the town was created to be a Venice Italy-like European city. By the 1970's the one remaining local attraction the Pacific Ocean Park had been abandoned leaving a beach with lots of exposed piers and other hazards. The poor kids living in the area had nothing better to do than surf and they excelled despite (or perhaps because of) their surroundings. Because the waves dissipated in the afternoon they took up skateboarding to fill their time and the empty swimming pools caused by the drought during those years plus their surfing backgrounds led them to create the vertical skateboarding style that is mainstream today. <br /><br />I found that the film covered much more about surfing than I expected which seemed like a bonus since I really didn't know much about surfing or skateboarding before I watched the film. The soundtrack not surprisingly was good as well. I also liked how these kids were just following their passion and generally ended up better off for the experience. The parts that didn't work so well for me were the drama that they tried to create which seemed somewhat forced and the team's somewhat overinflated sense of self-importance (although this is probably just left-over street attitude from where they grew up). This is not to say that they didn't have significant influence but only that it seems extremely likely that there were other factors as well. <br /><br />One note: My wife is more affected than most to nausea when films use what we refer to as "SpastiCam" (wiggling camera movements). This film is often guilty so if you are so afflicted be warned. <br /><br />I would recommend this film to anyone but especially to anyone with skateboarding and/or surfing in their history.<br /><br />Seen on 5/11/2002.
critique182 Illudere (to delude) comes from Latin verb 'ludere' (to play) so you're warned about the 'spy game' as a cruel and yet elaborate and intelligent (!) activity stemmin' from a complex and as it may appear absurd and vain personal history whatever it may be; and yet I feel fascinated by the mechanism of treason and loyalty the raw material of any relationship from the personal to the social; after many years ago I was ABLE to finish the book it was a revelation! At the beginning I was so bored if not for the surprising style of the writing (I really started to LOVE Le Carre after that novel). The main character is not wavering at all: he has made a choice to redeem his weakness by following the path of faith to friendship and love or is he not? After this novel you can clearly understand the darker version of Green's 'Our Man in Havana' wrote by LeCarre with 'The Tailor of Panama'; there is no game left there it ends either in tragedy or in a grotesque comical way or both. There is no Smiley here to upheld decent human qualities in 'the service' or at least there is no point to introduce him in this case. The BBC has done a superb work with these series from LeCarre's novels: the actors are excellent as are the locations and sets; of course the script here is brilliantly adapted. Be warned though even if someone may find it laughable the after taste IS bitter.
critique183 Towards the end of his career Jack Arnold a very efficient director who gave us such classic 50's creature features as "It Came from Outer Space" "The Creature from the Black Lagoon" and "Tarantula" teamed up with former football star turned top 70's blaxploitation film headliner Fred "the Hammer" Williamson for a pair of movies producing the amiable if unremarkable Western "The Black Bounty Hunter" and this refreshingly breezy clever and highly entertaining 70's black action variant on your standard 40's film noir down-at-the-heels private detective yarn.<br /><br />Williamson displays a charming combination of dry self-deprecating humor and relaxed easygoing self-confidence as Shep Stone a cheap affable and forever in debt erstwhile Los Angeles cop turned private investigator. Stone's so hard-up for cash that he uses a bar as his business office and just barely makes ends meet doing penny-ante low-paying minor cases that the police don't want to bother with. While pounding the pavement for one of these deceptively simple gigs (Stone's trying to find some guy's runaway teenage daughter who's hiding somewhere in Hollywood) Stone finds himself elbow deep in a complex dangerous seemingly bottomless criminal plot which includes a flipped-out Jesus freak religious cult assorted deadhead hippie dopers a sordid porno ring a priceless missing gold-tipped cane that belonged to a legendary silent movie star a nefarious underground drug smuggling operation and an ever-growing number of fresh corpses.<br /><br />While lacking the wickedly playful mischievous ingenuity of Robert Altman's masterful "The Long Goodbye" or the haunting unremitting pessimism of Arthur Penn's beautifully bleak "Night Moves" "Black Eye" nonetheless still makes the grade as a highly successful hip'n'flip 70's spin on 40's mystery suspense thrillers. Arnold's capable direction keeps the pace moving at a nice steady clip punctuated with sporadic exciting mano-a-mano bare knuckle fight scenes and excellent use of various colorfully seedy L.A. locations (the rundown abandoned amusement park at the film's conclusion is especially effective). The script by Mark Haggard and Jim Martin supplies a goodly amount of fairly complicated and often genuinely surprising plot twists. And the expected array of quirky rough-around-the-edges secondary characters are an interesting oddball bunch with particularly notable turns by Rosemary Forsyth as an alluring powerful lesbian model agency owner (Forsyth has the picture's best line boasting to Stone when she first meets him "I'm a whole lot of woman") Teresa Graves of "Get Christie Love" TV show fame as Stone's loyal bisexual girlfriend (the film's casual nonjudgmental depiction of both Foryth's unconventional femme fatale and Graves' equally atypical gal Friday is one of its strongest assets) and Bret Morrison who did the voice of radio's "The Shadow" in the 40's as a smugly sleazy porno filmmaker. All in all it's a modest yet surefire winner.
critique184 Before she went into politics or public service Glenda Jackson was one of Britain's finest film actresses. This film displays her talent despite having a supporting role in a stellar cast that includes Julie Christie as Kitty the wife of a British Royal Captain who has lost his memory of the last 20 years and Jenny played by American Ann-Margret in an almost unrecognizable role as the doting sister. Alan Bates plays the captain who suffers from memory loss triggered by the shell shock during World War I. Sir Ian Holm has a smaller role as the doctor treating him. You see familiar faces like Sheila Keith Patsy Byrne and Frank Finlay. You can't help but watch Glenda play a dowdy housewife and the first true love of the Captain but they came from different classes. It's not the greatest movie but it's good to see Glenda's amazing talent. She is still a fantastic actress comedy or drama. She makes Margaret Grey into a likable character and you see why a regal captain fell in love with her.
critique185 Otto Preminger's noir classic works almost as a flip-side of LAURA...while that film was glitzy and features the high fa-luting Clifton Webb this film is a whole lot seamier. Dana Andrews is a less than good cop who accidentally kills a man only to have it potentially pinned on the father of the girl he loves. Preminger keeps things moving at a brisk clip so that lapses in logic are easily overlooked. Andrews is quite fine (a lot less wooden than he's been in the past) and the stunningly beautiful Gene Tierney is stunningly beautiful! Creepy Craig Stevens plays the unlucky victim. WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS is a must see and a terrific companion-piece to Preminger's equally lurid WHIRLPOOL (also starring Tierney).
critique186 This is precious. Everything Is Illuminated is sweetly and sublimely funny from the first delicious line of dialogue. Oh how I've been waiting for this to arrive in Austin. While Elijah Wood is charming as ever as Jonathan Safran Foer (the real-life author of the novel Everything Is Illuminated) it's Eugene Hutz (playing Jonathan's Ukrainian tour-guide and translator Alex) who truly steals this film. Alex is a hip-hop-lovin' Ukrainian break-dancer who along with his grandfather helps Jonathan find the woman who saved Jonathan's grandfather's life during World War II. The Ukrainian countryside has never looked so breath taking. I'm thinking of packing it all up and moving to the former Soviet state.<br /><br />The tone of the film however shifts when Jonathan and Alex do finally meet the woman they're looking for and suddenly this adorable comedy turns into a heart-breaking historical drama about a Jewish village that was annihilated during the Nazi occupation. Everything Is Illuminated is about history heritage and the wisdom that can be gained from uncovering the past. It's perfect.
critique187 In April of 1965 CBS broadcast the first of Barbra Streisand's monumental television specials. The show was not only a runaway ratings success but garnered 5 Emmy awards as well. This is one of the most memorable moments of 1960's television and (unfortunately) the kind of television special they don't produce anymore. Filled with wonderful songs and a spectacular performance by Barbra this special is a must view for any Streisand fan and anyone interested in early television.
critique188 This was one of those times when I had nothing to do with 27 premium movie channels available to me. The Theory of Flight grabbed me and held my interest. I found it both touching and amusing a nice combination of feelings. I recommend it!
critique189 Lucio Fulci made a lot of great films throughout his career and the way that many of them featured a bucket load of gore lead to him earning the title 'The Godfather of Gore'. While Don't Torture a Duckling was made before Fulci became well known amongst gorehounds and isn't all that gory; it's certainly a gritty and nasty little thriller and for my money - the best film that Fulci ever made! Don't Torture a Duckling really is head and shoulders above a lot of the Giallo genre in terms of production values and unlike many of Fulci's later films everything about this Giallo is great. The plot focuses on a small rustic community where dead bodies have began turning up. The murders are even more shocking because the victims are just young boys. Shortly after the police convict an innocent man of the crimes a reporter named Andrea Martelli arrives in the village and decides to start investigating the murders on his own. Martelli soon encounters various suspects including a sexy young lady named Patricia a sinister priest and a local witch who enjoys making wax effigies and sticking pins into them.<br /><br />While this film may not feature loads of gore it does have two of Fulci's nastiest sequences to make up for it. The nastiest involves a woman being brutally slaughtered by a group of men in a cemetery while the image of a man falling from a cliff and hitting any number of rocks on the way down is liable to turn some stomachs. Don't Torture a Duckling features an absolutely great Italian cast. Barbara Bouchet (a personal favourite of mine) is incredibly sexy in her role as Patricia and gets to flex her acting muscles more than she did in many later films. Tomas Millian is excellent as usual while the rest of the cast is well fleshed out by likes of Irene Pappas Florinda Bolkan and Marc Porel. The cinematography on display is stunning and Fulci really gives the viewer the impression that he puts a lot of care and effort into every scene. The story plays out slowly and it's always interesting as Fulci never allows the film to stray too much from the central plot line. There isn't a great deal of mystery towards the identity of the murderer; but Fulci almost manages to keep us guessing right up until the end and Don't Torture a Duckling does climax on a high. Overall it's a shame that Fulci didn't make more films like this. Don't Torture a Duckling is his out and out best work and I insist that every Giallo fans sees it!
critique190 At first glance of this mini... I was a bit disappointed that Tommy Lee Jones and Anjelica Huston didn't return to the cast. Both John Voight and Barbara Hershey did commendable jobs replacing very important characters for the continuing saga of this legendary Epic Western. <br /><br />Cherokee Jack Jackson (Haysbert) played an excellent bad guy and Louis Gossett Jr. was as always true to form with his excellent acting skills.<br /><br />The drama that seemed true to life in many scenes including one of the best where the valiant shoot-out ended with Ranger Walker being killed made me feel that I was actually in the film. Return to Lonesome Dove was to me almost up to the quality of the first of the series. The next 2 follow ups with James Garner as Call just didn't make it for me. And that Lorena marries Pea Eye? How the heck did that get in their? That was a total mismatch of characters. The first 2 of the series made the Epic story the next 2 in no way were of the same quality.<br /><br />Now if the first 2 could be remastered in Dolby Digital and an Anamorphic presentation the films could be where they should have been like the movies of today.
critique191 Its taken a few viewings for me to really wrap myself around this one but for me Tears of Kali is one of the horror highlights of the 00's and as far as independent horror goes a veritable masterpiece. An anthology horror it takes on the story of the fictional Taylor-Eriksson Group a cult of sorts based in India whose members set out in search of ultimate self knowledge and healing of the psyche with unpleasant results that echo down the years. With bookend segments set in India the film is made chiefly of three stories set in Germany illustrating the aftermath of the work of the Taylor-Eriksson Group with some pretty nasty gore at times. Its an interesting set up as these things go but what sets this film apart is the way the imagery is so carefully set up to develop the films horror. Bad things have been unleashed and the general course of the film is a look at how the quest for self knowledge and ultimate therapy brings horror to patients healers and others and the film is loaded with smart visual clues to the power of the dark forces with which it deals dark forces unbound by time place or even personality. Good examples of this are found in the first story especially dealing with a journalist interviewing a lady in a mental hospital. Previous to this story we have seen Lars Eriksson and notably his wonky (lazy?) eye we also see him healing or at least comforting a patient. The lady mental patient of the first story is seen in the same stance as Eriksson healing a fellow patient also as she wraps up the canvases from the art class that she runs among her fellow patients one of their pictures is seen a face with lazy eye like Erikssons. There are also references to folk in minuscule roles extras and walk ons having extra sensory perceptions of what is going on in the film showing the badness that has been unleashed spreading and able to almost infect others. There is more to the film philosophically than just evil within it is a film about death suffering and possible redemption too all bound in a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a fashion that seems like it might just be exploitation but has more relation to actual beliefs than one might expect (at least from the research that I did on wikipedia). Writer/director Andreas Marschall definitely deserves some significant credit for his skill in constructing the film. As well as being thoughtful the film is pretty chilling too the soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama John has a great eerie piano jingle and there are a couple of notable performances Michael Balaun as a sinister doctor and Cora Chilcot as a freaky patient especially good. The third story also has a fine turn from veteran Mathieu CarriÃƒÂ¨re as a faith healer. The biggest problem of the film is that it is not that involving a lot of the time so potential for fear is lost but these and a couple of other performances achieve involvement pretty well. So the film isn't quite as gripping as it might be the acting occasionally off and the pacing too but mostly I thought it was pretty great if a shade short of its possible brilliance. Well worth a look for adventurous horror fans I think.
critique192 Shannon Leethe daughter of Bruce Leedelivers high kicking martial arts action in spades in this exhilarating Hong Kong movie and proves that like her late brother Brandon she is a real chip off the old block. There is high tech stuntwork to die for in this fast paced flick and the makers of the Bond movies should give it a look if they want to spice up the action quotient of the next 007 adventure as there is much innovative stuff here with some fresh and original second unit work to bolster up the already high action content of "AND NOWYOU'RE DEAD". When you watch a movie as fast paced and entertaining as this you begin to wonder how cinema itself was able to survive before the martial arts genre was created.I genuinely believe that movies in general and action movies in particular were just marking time until the first kung fu movies made their debut. Bruce Lee was the father of modern action cinema and his legitimate surviving offspring Shannon does not let the family name down here.Although there are several pleasing performances in this movie (Michel Wong for one)it is Shannon Lee whom you will remember for a genuinely spectacular performance as Mandy the hitgirl supreme.Hell;you may well come away whistling her fights!
critique193 In ten words or less to describe this film Barbara Stanwyck is too appealing and it is great! The film is wonderful except for the perhaps tacked-on ending but I love happy endings anyway. Barbara Stanwyck however as the platinum-blonde gold-digger is amazing. She knows what she wants and goes after it! This film is sexy and excellent!
critique194 House Calls is a wonderful romantic comedy that can best be described as "how they used to make them." It stars Walter Matthau (in one of his best roles) as a recently widowed doctor who goes out on the dating scene again and hits paydirt as he seems to have a different woman every night. He then meets hospital patient Glenda Jackson and soon develops a relationship with her. But it's one that will be severely tested as she informs him she is a one man woman and expects him to be a one woman man.<br /><br />This is a sweet very funny film also starring Art Carney as the senile hospital administrator and Richard Benjamin as Matthau's friend and fellow doctor. It's a must see for any Matthau fan or any fan of light comedy.<br /><br />You won't be disappointed.
critique195 I think it great example of the differences between two cultures. It would be a great movie to show in a sociology class. I thought it was pretty funny and I must say that i am a sucker for that "lets band together and get the job done" plot device. It seems most people don't realize that this movie is not just a comedy. It has a few dramatic elements in it as well and I think they blend in nicely. Overall I give it a solid 8.
critique196 I would watch this movie every time it was on cable and it never got old. Who can forget some of the best lines in film history? --- JOHNNY'S FAT BOY BURGERS!! JOHNNY'S FAT BOY BURGERS!! and LOOK BETWEEN THE GIANT MELONS! I used to wish I could run all over the city in a treasure hunt as fun as this. It's an all-time fave and I'm happy to hear that it's out on video! I'm positive that this is where MTV got its original premise for the Road Rules series.
critique197 When you read about this film you wanna cringe. I have seen it countless times and yet I cringe myself! So what is the attraction here? I think that for me it's the offbeatness of the romance. I find it super refreshing to have an oddball coupling between this NYC Jimmy-Breslin-like columnist and a down-on-her-luck (health-wise) ballerina. You feel embarrassed for Paul Sorvino at his unsubtle approach to wooing this woman. Like the guy in the bar who can't take a hint. He's a bit overweight (at least as a would-be suitor for a ballerina. Hope that doesn't sound unkind) and possibly a tad too old for her. Nice change of pace from Greek God wooing Super-model. The Bill Conti score has stuck in my head all these years later which is a pretty good sign. However some of the acting is just dreadful. A subplot involving a young Puerto-Rican boy befriended by Sorvino's character is just hilariously bad. But the opening scene where Ditchburn is warming up to Carole King draws you right into this story. Good luck finding it. You'd think that Lifetime would be re-airing this or even WE but I haven't seen it on in quite a few years.
critique198 This is a smart drama about the way of life in a Texas honky tonk in the early 1980's. John Travolta and Debra Winger turn out two very believable performances as Bud and Sissy Davis. This film really opens up the country music scene and helped introduce America to the mechanical bull. If you love a good romance film then you will love this movie.
critique199 This film was great.<br /><br />The plot was preposterous.<br /><br />The action sequences contrived.<br /><br />But provided you can lighten up enough to laugh it was a throughly thrilling romp combining Keystone Cops and the Lone Ranger.<br /><br />The baddies were more silly than bad. The good guys weren't too good. The black actors played normal characters rather than black stereotypes.<br /><br />The inclusion of a baby added a good touch. Sympathy might have been a little difficult otherwise. <br /><br />I have to disagree about the acting. It was on the whole very good. I really wanted to punch Judge Reinhold.<br /><br />And after all isn't that the mark of a really good movie wanting to punch Judge Reinhold?
critique200 Seems to have been made as a vehicle for W.C. Fields and Carol Dempster and they dominate it. Fields already has his film character well developed. Carol Dempster seems to dance through the film and her acting reminds me of Mary Pickford who also worked a long time under D.W. Griffith. Typical of later Griffith films technically.<br /><br />Later remade as Poppy (the original title) with Fields in the same role.
critique201 A bumbling error at the Ministry Of Education results in Nutbourne Boys School having to share with St Swithin's School For Girls. This bemuses the respective head teachers of each school and leads to all manner of chaotic goings on however the two are forced to come to an uneasy alliance in the hope of averting major trouble.<br /><br />The Happiest Days Of Your Life is based on the John Dighton play from 1948 with Dighton writing the part of Headmistress Whitchurch specifically for Margaret Rutherford. Replacing George Howe from the play in the role of Headmaster Pond is Alastair Sim and here in lies the crowning glory of this filmic adaptation Sim & Rutherford are perfectly wonderful bouncing off each other to keep what is basically a one joke movie highly entertaining. Directed by the gifted Frank Launder and produced by the equally adroit Sidney Gilliat The Happiest Days Of Your Life is a quintessentially British movie obviously a precursor to the St Trinians franchise the film entertains the children with it's high jinks clash of the sexes heart whilst tickling the watching adults with its very saucy undercurrent. Thankfully the chaotic ending cements all that has gone before it to leave this particular viewer with a grin as wide as Nutbourne Rail Station great fun 8/10.
critique202 Whether it's three guys in their tighty-whiteys rapping to a dude bound in twine or a girl saying "What up dog?" to a lump of roadkill there's something please everyone in Knuckleface Jones. It is strange and surreal and not altogether a completely comprehensible yarn... yet it never loses you. The first time I saw it I nearly laughed myself sick. And every night after I would come home and watch it again. Forget Coyote Ugly... this is the movie that cemented my crush on Piper Perabo. See it... before it's too late!
critique203 Methinks the best screen version of Quo Vadis? ever made. Well yeah the plot is not so strong and evident as in the book sometimes meandering and loosing its suspense among aesthetic subtleties. But the film is really and beautifully "strange" has an enigma and style that other versions - with R.Taylor and the new one from Poland - definitely lack. It has the air of Roman decadence the beauty of declining paganism and infant Christianity. At least I believe it has). Brandauer Forrest and Syudov did excellent job in portraying their characters. Forrest's Petronius seems to be the biggest success of the cast (let alone Brandauer who is the one of the greatest actors ever) and accumulates the very essence of this dying world (IMHO). That's it. That is the way it happened guys... ))) IMHO
critique204 Kate Beckinsale steals the show! Bravo! Too bad Knightly ins't as good looking as Jeremy Northam. Mark Strong did a fabulous job. Bernard Hepton was perfect as Emmas father. I love the end scene (which is an addition to the novel-but well written) when the harvest is in and Knightly dines with his workers and high society friends. Emma must show that she accepts this now. She is a changed woman. That is too much too quick but OK. I'll buy into it. Samantha Bond plays Emma's ex-governess and confidant. She is wonderful. just as I would have imagined her. I believe that when the UK does a Jane Austen its the best. American versions of English literature are done for money and not for quality. See this one!
critique205 *** out of ****<br /><br />Yep! Dressed To Kill is that kind of a movie. It's like Kalifornia but it's different. Remember? That movie from 1993 which stars Brad Pitt as a serial killer who is "welcomed" by a couple of travelers in a trip to California as a buddy who might be a good company along the way. When I watch a movie I always like not to know anything at all about the plot before watching it because the surprises may get even cooler. That's how it was with Kalifornia. When I watched it last year for the first time I never realized it was a suspense movie so when I found out I was shocked and when the movie went on and on it got even better and I was at the edge of my seat almost kissing my monitor so close I was to it! So we're discussing about Dressed To Kill right? Before I watched this movie (today!) I've only watched 2 others movies from Brian De Palma so I can say I don't really know that well his works but can tell from afar that these 2 movies for me were as great as they could be. Carrie (1976) and Mission:Impossible (1996). When I watched Carrie on the TV I was really that desperate to get a DVD copy and I can tell: this movie is great! Mission:Impossible also. And today I watched a third movie from DePalma. <br /><br />Well Dressed To Kill is a movie like Kalifornia. When the movie goes on it goes completely different than what you'd expect. I was watching very curious the scene of the museum where Dickinson follows the mysterious man to his cab and they end together in an apartment room. You may guess what may have happened there. But when the movie reached the scene of the elevator the movie went completely on a different path. I was watching the rest of the movie and I really liked it. However there are some low points... Some characters in the movie are completely silent! Take for example the mysterious man from the museum scene. I was always hoping that he could say something but he never did! This was totally ridiculous and was with no doubt something that made me change my mind by not accepting this movie as at least almost something as a masterpiece. Even in the cab scene where Dickinson tries to apologize because of what happened in the museum the completely silent man grabs her pulls her inside the cab and they start kissing each other. You know it reminded me of the Mexican TV series of the 70's "El Chavo Del 8" where some characters are completely silent. Getting past these low points of the movie it is actually a great movie considering the suspense the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is cool as detective Marino! Reminded me of him as Capt. Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990) where he plays almost the same kind of character. <br /><br />Well concluding this review the ending of Dressed To Kill is the same ending as it is in Carrie! I don't know if I really liked that because I hate imitations! I understand that Carrie is a movie from DePalma so it's not actually an imitation because after all it was his idea! But it turned to be a repetitive idea in Dressed To Kill so DePalma could have done something different instead of showing Nancy Allen waking up from a bad dream the same way it happens to Amy Irving at the ending scene of Carrie. This was of course with no doubt another low point. But if you get past this you will find that Dressed To Kill is a really good movie and I assure you that it's not by any means a waste of time watching it.
critique206 I remember seeing this movie as a child in the 60's. It took my breath away then at young age. I was glued to my seat in front of the black and white TV. The cast was one of the best i have seen in my life. The musical was one the greatest ever have been written. Please to the Gershwin and Goldwyn Families please release this on video or DVD so that the generations now and in the future can experience what I'm sure what so many of us have done when we saw this great work of art .Please consider let not this great man's work go unseen for years more. Im praying and hoping that the hearts of these families will be soften and let the world see this great movie again.
critique207 I wish "that '70s show" would come back on television. It was the greatest show ever!!! They should make episodes between the other episodes but of course that would be confusing. But I wish it would come back and make more episodes. Please come back... The show was absolutely hilarious. You couldn't laugh without seeing an episode. There is a really funny part in every episode and plus the show was so much better when Hyde and Jackie were going out with each other. Those were the best episodes. "That '70s show is the best".... It will be and always will be the best show ever. It was really sad when the show ended. They should make new episodes.
critique208 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique209 this is film is probably one of the best i've seen so far. i would put it only second to All About Lily Chou-chou because it kind of gives me the same vibes....'9 souls' is about 9 prisoners who have just escaped prison to go and find some counterfeit money stored in a time capsule at Mount Fuji Primary School. they later find out that there wasn't much there and set off on their own ways. the first half of the movie is just a time for the characters to be introduced and for the main points to be stated. it is a comedic yet serious part of the journey. the second half moved me to tears. as the movie progresses each character goes and tries to fulfill their dreams but unfortunately ending somewhat badly. in the end only 2 of the 9 escapees are left. the way that each character left the scene was very sad and you will probably feel tears in your eyes. a beautiful film directed fantastically. this is a movie for people who have enjoyed Toshiaki Toyoda's other films such as 'Blue Spring'.
critique210 Really enjoyed Manna From Heaven. If you liked My Big Fat Greek Wedding you will like this too! Once the story line is set it begins to keep you guessing the outcome. I think we'll be hearing more from Five Sisters Productions. I know I'll be watching for their next movie.
critique211 I am not a fan of Sean Penn but in contrast to my German colleague whose review appears here I think he was perfectly cast as the neurotic druggy character in this film. He has every nuance perfected and reminded me of several acquaintances who had similar tastes in "recreational chemistry." I saw this film but once 10-15 years ago and this is the only part of the film that was etched indelibly on my mind. I don't say it very often but in this case I will: Bravo Sean Penn! As for the story line well it's based on fact and as such it is a tragedy that people would sell their country's secrets to the then enemy. Again Penn has shown what you can do if you disagree with the administration. Use the freedoms you have paid for in blood; don't break the law.
critique212 Don't read anything about this movie (especially nothing that could contain any spoilers). Just watch this awesome movie without knowing anything about it - and you'll have a really great experience. If you like to see an intelligent twisted story: Go get the DVD and you'll truly not be disappointed. "Cypher" is not really a sci-fi movie more a psycho thriller settled in the environment of globalized business. It's about corporate secrets how big companies spy each others research departments and the methods used by them. The actors do a great performance and the overall visual style of the movie provides a perfect mode of coldness. Cypher is much deeper more complex and - what belongs the story and the ending - also much much more satisfying than Vincenzo Natali's other movies "Cube" and "Nothing". Actually it's one of the best movies I've ever seen (and that's something I really don't say this about every fifth well-made flick). Sorry can't tell you anything more about this movie without risking to hurt your experience. Just give it a chance. ;-)
critique213 I was deeply moved by this movie in many respects. First of all I just want to say that Clara Lago was the most precious little thing! Such a pretty little girl. Her acting was superb as well. True to life and very human. Though I don't like the part where she had to smoke; I hope it was only a fake prop. Either way she was absolutely wonderful and the story was so moving. I found myself immersed in the story and her character.<br /><br />It's quite interesting how I came to discover this movie actually. I was walking in blockbuster and I just happened to notice her pretty smile on the cover as I was walking by. Luckily I glanced in the downward direction that this movie was in! I thought to myself 'Awe look at her!' So I picked it up and saw that this movie was described as such wonderful things as "A Little Gem." I read the plot on the back and then thought that well maybe I'd look it up on IMDb first and then come back and rent it at a later time. I'm glad I didn't because I certainly would have been missing out. After searching for a movie with my friend I knew that I would end up regretting not renting this film so I went back to the spot in which I originally found it and snapped it up.<br /><br />It had been on my dresser for a week since school started for me this week and I really hadn't any time to watch it but tonight was the perfect opportunity. I popped it in and was glued to the beautiful cinematography delightful score and moving plot from beginning to end. I was so captivated and must say some parts nearly moved me to tears.<br /><br />I would also like to make a special mention for the young boy in this film Juan Jose Ballesta. He was remarkable. Also the actor who played Carol's father who's name is unfortunately not listed on the site. His voice was just so loving and gentle that I could really sense his love for Carol. Even though his appearance is not prominent I really felt his character's presence.<br /><br />This is truly a wonderful movie. If you are a person who is moved by light but emotional films then this is definitely one for you.
critique214 I've been impressed with Chavez's stance against globalisation for sometime now but it wasn't until I saw the film at the Amsterdam documentary international film festival that I realize what he has really achieved. This film tells the story of coup/conspiracy by Venezuela's elite the oil companies and oil loving corrupt western governments to remove democratically elected president Chavez and return Venezuela back to a brutal dictatorship. This film is must for anyone who believes in freedom and justice and is also a lesson to the rest of world ! I commend the people of Venezuela for taking matter into their own hands and saving their country from the likes of Halliburton and the Bush regime.
critique215 I saw this movie for a first time years ago when it was still new and I was satisfied. It's a great Hollywood make-belief story for teenagers. However it's not lifelike. As much as you would want to believe it these stories never happen. That's why it is irritating to watch movies like that. They play with teenagers' minds just imagine how many girls still in high schools believed in that magic and got disappointed. I wouldn't recommend this movie to my little sister or my cousin. The director should have spent some more time thinking about the plot instead of thinking about actors. Yes they (actors) were good but the idea isn't worth a 10. There are a lot of films about teenagers. So why don't we make a better one?
critique216 Other reviewers here seem to think this is an awful film. That's simply not true and a little unfair.<br /><br />The acting is of a good quality and the direction moves on with a decent fluidity. I don't think there's anything wrong with the Tarantino-esquire way of interlocking stories together. Perhaps its just a new tool for directors to try. I thought it made the film much more interesting. Perhaps a few elements of the script need tightening but that's about the only fault I can find. Nestor Cantillana gives a great performance as Sylvio also Antonella Rios is stunning and worth the price of admission alone.
critique217 Peaceful rancher Robert Sterling is on the losing side of a range war with his ruthless neighbors that is until notorious outlaw Robert Preston shows up out of the blue to level the playing field. Soon he begins to go too far feeding a growing sense of unease in Sterling especially when his son begins to idolize the wily criminal.<br /><br />The Sundowners is a tightly-paced gritty and surprisingly tough little picture with a great performance by Preston. Here he comes across as an evil version of Shane that is until the real nature of the rancher and the outlaw's relationship is revealed. Most movie guides and video boxes spoil the surprise!<br /><br />Rounding out the cast is Chill Wills Jack Elam and the debut of John Drew Barrymore who became more famous for his offspring than his acting.
critique218 Robin Williams does his best to combine comedy and pathos but comes off a bit shrill. Donald Moffat is too one-note as his father-in-law. Jeff Bridges is excellent though as the quarterback and Holly Palance and Pamela Reed are marvelous carrying the film through most of its rough spots. It fills time nicely but is little more than that.
critique219 Crush examines female friendship for the most part avoiding the saccharine quality which spoils so many films with the same theme (e. g. "Steel Magnolias"). At the same time it reveals the power of a sudden passion to overwhelm and surprise. The events depicted were highly improbable but the underlying emotional truth seemed very genuine to me. Not a film for the speeding-vehicle-and-explosion crowd but grown-up women are certain to respond with both laughter and tears.
critique220 The 1980's 'My Dinner with Andre' with Wallace Shawn and Andre Gregory is essentially a dialog about the world and how it affects and can lift the spirit. 2005's 'You Are Alone' demonstrates how common worldly events can shatter the soul. <br /><br />The story revolves around three principal characters. There's Daphne a pretty teenage student who frets about virtually every decision in her life. Then there's the prostitute or paid escort Britney as self-confident as Daphne is self-conscious. What makes them interesting is that they share the same body if not the same personae. Part of the magic of this film occurs in one of the early scenes where Daphne approaches a door of an aged hotel room. She halts and is obviously torn by the decision of whether or not to knock on the door Ã‚Â– but it is Britney that effortlessly glides into the room when the door is opened.<br /><br />On the other side of that door is Buddy a middle-aged nobody with few if any personal qualities that anyone would find attractive. He goes so far as to be confrontational about Britney's chosen profession as soon as she enters the room. However we soon learn that Buddy is Daphne's next-door neighbor and has watched through the years as she grew from little girl to womanhood. This complicates things for the audience. Is Buddy just being a concerned neighbor or does he want something else?<br /><br />If it's sex that Buddy wants here it is. Britney loves sex. Her definitions may be Clintonesque but that doesn't lesson her enthusiasm. She prefers older men and wears a rainbow of plastic wristbands that her clients are invited to chose from. Each color band denotes a specific act that she'll perform Ã‚Â– but exactly which act isn't revealed until after the band is broken off her wrist and the choice is irrevocably made. <br /><br />Britney is or believes that she is in control of every encounter. Even when blindfolded and bound as she is by one of her regular clients she imagines her arms and body being stroked by multiple men but her legs and pubic area being caressed by a woman in blood red lingerie. The film's imagery just keeps coming.<br /><br />Buddy's pathetic life is one of acceptance. He's lost his wife his dog even his fantasies of the pretty teenager next-door. It's no coincidence that he's lured Daphne or Britney to this particular hotel room. There's a painting on the wall of a dinner plate with only a fish head left. This is a perfect metaphor for Buddy's life; all of the good parts are finished. So it's here where he brought his wife when they were still college students that he makes his stand Ã‚Â– to regain some control of his own life to make his statement.<br /><br />The director of 'You Are Alone' Gorman Bechard knows his craft. The principal action in the hotel room serves as a solid anchor for the film assisted by a myriad of inter-cut scenes that add dimension to the characters their circumstances and conflicts.<br /><br />As the film progresses Britney asks Buddy if she should get undressed. He says yes but she strips only to her underwear. An actual prostitute would probably remove all of her clothes (one of the profession's five gets). But it isn't Buddy that's being teased we are. As the film concludes we find that there are far deeper human emotions and motivations in play. A tease doesn't work unless it actually delivers. Britney does so does 'You Are Alone'.
critique221 Eichard Gere & Diane Lane back again in another romantic love story. They are an excellent teamBUT somehow this film will not be among there best <br /><br />The director George Wolfe using a screenplay by Ann Peacock & John Romanao for Nicholas Sparks novel does a capable job. This is yet another tale of 2 strangers meeting & falling in lovethen they go on there waythen when they are about to meet again & start a life together.<br /><br />SPOILER but not really. Tragedy happens one of them dies.<br /><br />How many times have we seen this already.<br /><br />Those who never saw tearjerkers like this will hopefully like it more than I did. This story has about every clichÃƒÂ© there is.<br /><br />The only reason this has the ratings I will give it. is because of the fine acting & excellent production . The cast besides our 2 stars includes Christopher Meloni Viola Davis & Scott Glenn. they all give real good performances & do the very best with the material they were given<br /><br />There is a good but not over done storm sequence The sex scenes are well done no nudity & next to no foul language<br /><br />Ratings: *** (out of 4) 82 points (out of 100) IMDb 7 out of 10)
critique222 This was essentially a remake of "Diagnosis Murder" minus Victoria Rowell Scott Baio & Charlie Schlatter. Dick is playing a college professor who teaches Criminology 101 and can't even find his own classroom. Barry is now a private eye not related to Dick. This lets Barry shoot at guys speeding away from him which a cop can not do. Barry still gets the girl in the end. Tracey Needham portrays the girl. She is the prime suspect and Dick and Barry believe she's innocent and prove it. That's all the spoiler you get. The ending is sufficiently unexpected that you don't already know it half way through the movie.<br /><br />Don't take it seriously. Don't critique it. Just sit back and enjoy Dick and Barry Van Dyke.
critique223 This is a film that everyone who lives in Sweden should watch. The film shows the political riots who took place in Gothenburg in 2001 from a new perspective. It features interviews with those who were convicted where those people gets the first chance after the riots to tell their side of the story and why they think the world can be a so much better place to live in and be a part of. I react emotionally when I see this since I just feel so mad about how those people were treated both during the riots but also after the riots.<br /><br />I hope as many as possible gets to see this movie as it really gets your mind thinking: Is this possible? In Sweden a democracy in 2001?
critique224 I saw this pilot when it was first shown and I'm sure countless "Spirit" fans hate it because like Batman the Green Hornet etc. it took the character in the direction of "camp". But I evidently never got enough of Batman because I thought it was entertaining in some of the same ways as that show. There are two parts that stay with me. First when Denny's partner has been fatally wounded and he makes a dramatic speech about how he always stood for the law and obeying the exact letter of it. Then he says something like "Boy was I stupid!" Which is his way of telling Denny to become a vigilante instead which he does (though the TV Batman kind). Then there's the scene where he tries to seduce the villainess into letting him go by kissing her but she isn't fooled because he's too honest to kiss her convincingly ! This was a great example of "camp" that was also "underplayed" by both the actor and actress.
critique225 The remarkable sometimes infuriating often brilliant films of John Cassavetes occupy a unique position in American cinemaÃ‚Â… Low-budget partly improvised inspired by cinÃƒÂ©ma veritÃƒÂ© documentary and related to underground film they have nevertheless frequently managed to reach a wide and profoundly appreciative audienceÃ‚Â… <br /><br />After drama studies the young Cassavetes quickly made his name as an unusually unrefined intense actor often appearing in films about disaffected rebellious youth such as "Crime in the Streets" and "Edge of the City." <br /><br />Setting up an actors' workshop he worked to transform an improvisational experiment into his feature debutÃ‚Â… The result "Shadows" taking three years to complete and partly financed by his performances in TV's Johnny Staccato was a breakthrough in American cinemaÃ‚Â… About the effect of racism on an already fraught relationship between two black men and their sister two of whom pass for white the film is impressive for its irregular seemingly formless style and naturalistic performancesÃ‚Â… Plot was minimal mood and emotional apparent truth were everythingÃ‚Â
critique226 There is no relation at all between Fortier and Profiler but the fact that both are police series about violent crimes. Profiler looks crispy Fortier looks classic. Profiler plots are quite simple. Fortier's plot are far more complicated... Fortier looks more like Prime Suspect if we have to spot similarities... The main character is weak and weirdo but have "clairvoyance". People like to compare to judge to evaluate. How about just enjoying? Funny thing too people writing Fortier looks American but on the other hand arguing they prefer American series (!!!). Maybe it's the language or the spirit but I think this series is more English than American. By the way the actors are really good and funny. The acting is not superficial at all...
critique227 'Thriller' remains the greatest of the pop music promos to have a plot great visuals and a tip-top song to wrap the film around. Michael Jackson was at the top of the tree at this time (and not so altered in his plastic surgery regime for it to matter). Here he is in good form - the song is terrific he leads the zombies in dance like no other.<br /><br />Ola Ray plays the girl who watches with incredulity as her sweet boyfriend (Jackson natch) turns into a werewolf! Then to the pulsing rhythms of the opening line 'It's close to midnight' he stomps around the graveyard with the other zombies and creatures of the night.<br /><br />The crowning glory of all this is the fruity voice of the great horror star Vincent Price speaking in the middle of the record. Terrific.
critique228 This was Chaplin's first all-talking picture and the results are mixed. The movie is a biting satire of Hitler and Mussolini their henchmen and their fanatical way of life especially regarding the persecution of the Jews. It was daring and forward for 1940 and must have made a lot of people squirm.<br /><br />When compared to Chaplin's earlier works this is quite pale in comparison. The sweet funny style of his silents in my opinion is far superior to his first talkie. There are lots of meaningless bits that drag on. If this was a silent it probably would not have happened.<br /><br />I find one of the funniest moments to be the musical barber moment and the globe dance. One of the most touching moments is obviously the speech at the end.<br /><br />The Great Dictator is an effective and at times moving film that is a very big part of both Chaplin's history and movie history. It is flawed but Chaplin is in great form.
critique229 <br /><br />Oh my word!! I have never seen a film so lacking in any kind of moral judgement or consideration for anything other than the death of the scum! Michael Winner here makes a valid observation of human desires in displaying a gung-ho troth world of deep and damaged execution. Not only does he spoon feed us with utter hell on earth seen through the face of the moustached Bronson but he also shows us the spoon he's feeding us with and says "look at what your watching now look at your self and ask the question: Are you enjoying this?" And even though you'll tell yourself NO IT CAN'T BE!!!! You'll know that deep down inside you'll know...it's a masterpiece
critique230 Having looked at some of the other comments here I have a main complaint with this presentation. <br /><br />The two primary characters are attractive in their own ways - the beautiful "victim" and the handsome obviously extremely "off-center" blue-collar protagonist (if just short of "totally-deranged") - take turns beating the hell out of each other sort of like a Caucasian Kabuki scenario.<br /><br />This is all right and this is of course mainly a "turning-the-tables" story. However my referenced complaint is that I believe the director got caught-up in his desire to display Farrah's well-known and obvious physical attributes. Beginning with her being enticingly clad in a thin robe and with a number of scenes displaying more than needed for any dramatic effect - while immensely pleasing to the eyes these distract from the poignancy level of the drama.<br /><br />Her roommates I'm certain give performances as written and directed - however their respective skepticism and histrionic babbling and sobbing don't ring true -- based upon Farrah's previous experience with this guy the obvious evidence of his having come to their premises with only the worst of intentions and that she would have absolutely no grounds to be exaggerating what has occurred.<br /><br />But this is a film and story compelling as much in spite of as because of the director's work.
critique231 A wonderful film in the best Scandinavian eldritch magic tradition with very far sighted analysis of much of the big issues we are just starting to face.<br /><br />Should be compulsory viewing for all politicians.<br /><br />Take your pick from privacy nuclear sustainability global climate change quality of life.<br /><br />Reminiscent of Thoreaus' Walden but with modern twist and considerable humour. <br /><br />I'm not Finnish although I've travelled there and have good Finnish friends but I found it totally accessible and also culturally informative.
critique232 For anyone who liked the series this movie will be something to watch. However it also leaves you wanting more. I loved the way that every character (detective)made an appearance. Least with the ending of who is the fourth chair for they leave a reason for another movie. My guess is Bayless of course. This like the series was a very well put together series of scenes. This is a series I wish had lived on. Thanks to the cast for some wonderful TV.
critique233 I'm not a big fan of most anime but Gundam Wing is truly something else. Gundam wing lacks all of that stereotypical melodrama that you might think of when you think of anime since the number of jokes made over the 17 hours would only be in the double digits Gundam Wing gets right down to business. <br /><br />Gundam Wing is as much of a political thriller as it is an action series. Large parts focus on the diplomatic dealings of a war not only the battles. Though battle animation lacks extreme detail in cases where it would just be a pain to animate individual duels between gundams are almost pieces of art considering the animated use of complex mechanics and rapid movements. <br /><br />To my knowledge this 49 episode plus one movie series was picked up by cartoon network in 2000 and then professionally dubbed by them too. the dubbing is simply flawless. not only does every word said match up but the voices use truly make the characters much more believable. many believe that it is best to watch anime with subs in English but i simply don't have the determination to do that. <br /><br />Not only are the voices good but the score used over the series is quite impressive. I'll just say it left me scouring the net in vain to find a soundtrack. <br /><br />The plot of this series is what will truly hook viewers and no not hook you like some prime time drama like Lost which was only made for the purpose of hooking you. explaining the plot deeply would lead to many spoilers since many of the characters do not even have names until quite a few episodes into the series. The rough idea of the series is that earth and its now independent space colonies are having difficulty maintaining peace. Thus a war is started leading to military coups and elaborate diplomatic situations. I feel that any more detail would begin to give away information which is crucial to the plot. <br /><br />I'll end here saying that this series is great for anyone that likes anime anyone that thinks ALL anime is stupid (they have good reason to think so) and anyone looking to get into anime with a serious tone to it.
critique234 Arnold once again in the 80's demonstrated that he was the king of action and one liners in this futuristic film about a violent game show that no contestant survives. But as the tag line says Arnold has yet to play! The movie begins in the year 2019 in which the world economy has collapsed with food and other important materials in short supply and a totalitarian state has arisen controlling every aspect of life through TV and a police state. It's most popular game show is The Running Man in which criminals are forced to survive against "Stalkers" that live to kill them.<br /><br />The movie opens with Ben Richards (Arnold) leading a helicopter mission to observe a food riot in progress. He is ordered by his superiors to fire on them refusing to gets him knocked out and thrown in prison in the meantime they slaughtered the people without his help. The government blames Richards for the massacre earning him the name "Butcher of Bakersfield". Eighteen months later Richards along with two friends William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre) breakout of a detention zone they worked in. They make their way to the underground led by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic quickly identifies Richards as the "Butcher of Bakersfield" and refuses to help him but his friend's convince him otherwise. They want him to join the resistance but he'd rather go live with his brother and get a job. Soon he finds that his brother has been taken away for reeducation and a woman name Amber Mendez (Alonso) has taken his apartment. Knowing who he is she won't help him but he convinces her but is busted at the airport by the cops after she ratted him out.<br /><br />Meantime The Running man is having trouble finding good new blood for the there stalkers to kill. Damon Killian (Dawson) the shows host and one of the most powerful men in the country sees Richards escape footage and is able to get him for the show after his capture. Richards refuses to play Killian threatens to use his friends instead of him so he signs the contract. You'll love that part. But soon he finds they will join him as well and makes sure Killian knows he'll be back. The Runners begin to make there way through the Zones and fight characters that are memorable Sub-Zero Buzz Saw and many others. Eventually Richards is joined by Amber who suspected he was set up but was caught and thrown into the game too. Together they find the underground and make there way back to Killian and give him a farewell send off.<br /><br />The running man is another one of Arnold's great movies from the 80's. The movie was apparently somewhat based on Stephen King's book of the same name. Some have said that the book is better. I'm sure it's not and I don't care anyway I loved the movie. As in all of Arnold's films the acting is what you would expect with classic one liners from Arnold and even Ventura gets a couple in. But without a doubt Richard Dawson is the standout in this film. Being a real game show host he easily spoofed himself and was able to create a character that was truly cold blooded. The whole movie itself somewhat rips on game shows and big brother watching you. Keep an eye out for them poking fun and some old shows "hate boat" among others. Also the cast was great besides Arnold Koto and Alonzo don't forget Professor Toru Tanaka Jim Brown Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all the reality TV nonsense that goes on it almost fits in better now but I'm sure the Hollywood liberals would make it into a movie about the "Evil Bush". The new DVD had mostly poor extras meet the stalkers being the only redeemable one. Some how the ACLU managed to get some of there communism into the DVD and is laughable garbage that should not be anywhere near an Arnold movie of all things. Blasphemy! Overall for any Arnold fan especially we who grew up in the 80's on him you can't miss this. Its one of the first ones I saw back in the 80's and it's still great to this day. The futuristic world and humor are great. Overall 10 out 10 stars definitely one of his best.
critique235 This was the first "Walking Tall" movie I saw I think in a $2 movie theater along Hollywood Blvd.  so I didn't have any reference to the first installment done by Joe Don Baker. I remember being shocked at the corrupted system of McNairy County and the brutality of the "redneck gangs". I was also amazed at the fact that one man decided he's not going to let it slide and went out to do something about it. Courageous ? I thought so - to a point where it sent shivers up my spine.<br /><br />I think this movie is a great story about American courage to stand up and do something about a system that's only serving its own interest. I was pretty blown away about it and think this is still one of the best movie of the hero/anti-hero genre which one might laugh but includes recent movies like the "The Punisher" but even more so because it's a true story. The recent remake starring the "Rock" just doesn't do any justice to the real fire in the story of Buford Pusser.<br /><br />A "classic" that I'm sure will resurface again in the future.
critique236 Charles Chaplin's 'Shoulder Arms' of 1918 was his longest film to date though at just over 45 minutes in length it was not quite a feature film. With World War One just drawing to a close many popular entertainers of the time were doing their part to inspire their native troops and Chaplin was no exception. And so the lovable Tramp went to war! The film begins with the Tramp in training and the character is hilariously inept at even the simplest military drills including marching and gun-slinging much to the disgust of his drill sergeant. The Tramp then finds himself in the trenches faced with a more formidable foe though the Germans eventually turn out of be infinitely more incompetent than even he. The uproarious moment when the Tramp declares that he single-handedly captured thirteen German soldiers by "surrounding them" had me in stitches.<br /><br />There are plenty of other great moments in this film. Chaplin awaking to find his sleeping barracks underwater and being unable to literally find his own feet is hilarious as is his ingenious use of a tube from a record player to sleep beneath the surface.<br /><br />However the most memorable scenes in the film undoubtedly involve Chaplin skulking behind enemy lines disguised as a tree. The reactions of the bumbling German soldiers unknowingly just metres from a sworn enemy as they are single-handedly disabled one-by-one are highly amusing especially when one soldier grapples an axe with the intention of cutting down a tree for firewood.<br /><br />This is a very enjoyable film and one of the best of Chaplin's pre-1920 efforts. Highly recommended.
critique237 A super comedy series from the 1990s (Two series were made in total) that suffered in the UK ratings due to poor scheduling. When you are up against established comedies like 'Minder' even the best new comedies are going to struggle to get noticed.<br /><br />Luckily I caught the series from episode one and followed it avidly. I mentioned it to friends and family at the time but everyone seemed to have been watching something else. Very very frustrating.<br /><br />Anyway I loved both series and never forgot it.<br /><br />Then I looked it up on the internet and found that an ultra-fan was trying to get both series released 'on his own'.<br /><br />Well both series are now available on DVD.<br /><br />http://www.replaydvd.co.uk/joking_apart_S1.htm
critique238 The industry dropped the ball on this. The trailer does not do the movie justice and when this opened it was on a hand full of screens. Had people had an opportunity to see this work of mouth would have made it very successful. The 2 lead actresses each give great emotional performances that really draw you in to the story and especially the characters. I checked this out based on the rave recommendation Richard Roeper or (Ebert and Roeper) in his book. An example of a great film that never got fully released except on a few screens. Which gave it no chance to be seen. Some movies go to video quickly because they aren't that good. This is Oscar worthy and it's a tragedy on many levels that most will never even hear of it. Maybe via word of mouth it will gain a following on DVD or cable. If you haven't see this movie you should. Great performances of the 2 lead actresses make this movie. It could have just been another formulaic teen movie after school special but instead it stands up well to other note worthy films. Girl Interrupted comes to mind. If you like that you will like this. <br /><br />Both girls are in one amazing emotional scene after another without coming off as melodramatic. Even though Alicia is angry and Deanna is crying through most of the movie it is done is such a real way that they do not come off as stereotypical characters or as melodramatic. The movie will move you in many scenes and if you are an aspiring actor use these real performances as your school. Erica is even better in this than in Traffic. I hope both of these actors get more roles that utilize their talents as well and let them shine. See this movie and if you like recommend to friends so it doesn't get lost among all the blockbuster crap that comes out every year. This movie was buried while Spiderman 2 tops records. What kind of word are we living in? AGHhh. So to make the world right again see this and recommend it.
critique239 That pretty much sums it up ... corny. MacDowell's inability to act is at times painful and Hurt must need money to take such muted roles but I still enjoyed it.<br /><br />Why? In a single word Travolta. He is GREAT in this movie. Still I can't give the movie too high a score but it certainly deserves better than it seems to be getting.
critique240 Having had a great grandfather be captured and sent to Changi during World War two I was hesitant to watch this when it was first screened on TV. My great grandfather kept a diary whilst he was in captivity and when he died over there his mates bought it back and I have been lucky enough to read it and feel I have at least some idea of what Changi was really like first hand.<br /><br />This is a fantastic recount of what happened to those poor blokes who were sent to Changi Prison and shows what hardship and cruelty they witnessed in order to protect their country. It is a terrific story of mateship commitment and Aussie Spirit that never going to give up attitude. It is worth watching if you like Australian History or anything to do with World War Two.<br /><br />I enjoyed this mini very much and give it 10 out of 10.
critique241 There are very few films that are able to tell such a complicated story on so many levels as well as Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters. One of the most difficult aspects of story telling is the ability to flashback and forward without losing the pace of the film. This film not only flashes back and fourth with the greatest of easy but it also flows through some of Yukio Mishima greatest stories. This film exceeds in every aspect and is a joy to watch. Not to mention the incredible Philip Glass Soundtrack.
critique242 Stylish thought provoking cool and gripping Ã‚Â– just four aspects of a film that will long remain in the thoughts of this viewer.<br /><br />Slow-paced it may be at the beginning but the director beguiles with beautiful camera work sophisticated compositions and elegant editing. The unfolding of the story not so much the narrative line but the revelation of the characters' inner selves is masterful.<br /><br />Olivia Magnani who plays Sophia the hotel receptionist who finally breaks down the icy reserve of former consiglierie Titta di Girolami (Tony Servillo) is coolly beautiful and reveals hidden depths and personal honesty in her brief but profound relationship with Girolami.<br /><br />The disgraced Mafia middle-man forced to live out an empty life tormented by insomnia in a Swiss hotel becomes caught up in the similarly empty lives of the refined older couple who formerly owned the hotel but are now forced to live there as residents after the husband gambled away their resources years earlier. The husband is constantly dreaming about recovering his lost wealth and making a grand statement to the world. His wife realises this is but a pipe dream. This nicely counterpoints the resignation of Girolami who sees no way out and does not seek one.<br /><br />The fleeting love affair between Girolami and Sophia has consequences that no one could have foreseen. It enables him to escape his prison without bars but to pay a huge price that he willingly accepts and in doing so provides redemption for the older couple.
critique243 Really don't care that no one on here likes this movie i do  and that's what this review is about. Lou Diamond Phillips is great in this comedic role. that line about train a b and c is now to me an instant classic the cg is great yeah train looks a little fake but the aliens wow do they ever rock Todd Bridges where's Arnold and Mr. Drummond wow he's been out of the loop  guess that's what jail does to you.. a bullet train is on it's way to Las Vegas with the Senator for him to deliver a big speech a meteor has just hit and now all of a sudden we got aliens running loose aboard the train and our hero cop has to save the day to make matters worse his ex-wife is on board arguing with him. i just thought this movie was so wonderful a must see if you like action.
critique244 I just re-watched a few episodes of this series on very poor VHS tapes that I recorded the series on. I'm glad I did though.<br /><br />Ramona is based on the children's books by Beverly Cleary and follows the adventures of the title eight-year-old (Sarah Polley). She has fun with friends and family and gets into trouble much like many eight-year-olds. All ten episodes are pretty good. "Mystery Meal" kind of grosses me out as a vegan but it's funny seeing the parents trying to get their kids to eat cow's tongue! And any episode that mentions Godzilla Versus The Smog Monster twice can't be all bad. I like "Ramona's Bad Day" even more. Although it's disheartening to see Ramona going through a rough day she does imagine herself getting revenge on her friend Howie's uncle (a pre-Psi Factor Barclay Hope) who always teases her. "The Perfect Day" is also good.<br /><br />Lori Chodos plays Beezus Ramona's sister. I swear I've seen her on something else but IMDb doesn't list anything besides this show. Unfortunately this series is not on DVD. Why is every crappy show made these days on DVD except something I'd actually like to buy? An injustice if there ever was one!
critique245 when i first heard about this movie i thought it would be like The Duchess(2008) but when i saw the first 30 minutes of The Young Victoria i knew this wouldn't just be a solid movie. Almost everything in this movie is great the costumes are really amazing and the settings are also beautifully shot.<br /><br />The only thing that really let me down are the performances. Emily Blunt(The Devil Wears Prada) is the star of the film bringing Victoria to life and with this movie she shows that she is a great actress and maybe picking a first Oscar nomination for her performance. Rupert Friend is almost bland as Prince Albert but he has great chemistry with Emily Blunt. Paul Bettany is also solid as Lord Melbourne although i expected more of him. Jim Broadbent and Miranda Richardson both have supporting roles but are forgettable.<br /><br />To me the film feels like unfinished. Maybe that the screenwriters changed too many things in the script i don't know but that's how i feel about the movie.<br /><br />But overall it's a great movie about the early years of Victoria with a Great performance from Emily Blunt.
critique246 so being a fairly deep fan of horror movies it's been a while since i've seen one that really made me jump (or fidget nervously.)<br /><br />definitely going to get this on DVD when it comes out... a hell of a lot better than the ring. the thing that i don't get is that so many people that we talkd with after the movie thought that it was horrible well if that's what you think then so be it... i know what i liked and it takes a fair amount to get me to actually feel scared so i have to say that this one is worth watching.<br /><br />now you might be disappointed in the story if you need everything in a neat and tidy line because the plot goes back an forth a little bit to help build the story (i think that if it was shown in chronological order it would have ruined the whole thing.)<br /><br />i'm actually glad that this movie had very little bloody messes in it... maybe the rest of you studio writers and whathaveyous will realize that you don't have to splash the red stuff all over the set to make people afraid.
critique247 Any screen adaptation of a John Grisham story deserves a mainstream Hollywood approach and Robert Altman is about the last director I would go to for a mainstream take on anything. But this southern-fried pot-boiler is pretty good. While it's not among Altman's best it certainly isn't among the films he's made that leave you scratching your head and wondering what he was thinking.<br /><br />Altman had tipped his hat to the mystery thriller with noir overtones before in his 1973 film "The Long Goodbye." "The Gingerbread Man" is nowhere near as good as that film but it holds up fairly well on its own. Kenneth Branagh is a cocky attorney who finds himself framed for murder after he gets involved with a client (Embeth Davidtz) who has enlisted his help in protecting her from her cuckoo father (Robert Duvall). The film is set in Savannah Georgia during the approach of a tropical storm which lends the film an oppressive atmosphere that I very much liked. The twists and turns toward the film's end become clunkier and clunkier and Altman proves himself to be not all that adept at staging shootouts but overall the film is not a bad addition to Altman's canon.<br /><br />Also starring Robert Downey Jr. Daryl Hannah Tom Berenger and Famke Janssen.<br /><br />Grade: B
critique248 The ultimate gritty heist film. Elements of Bogie Welles & Sinatra will leave you sweating & satisfied. In comparison it really upsets the proverbial apple cart to see recent films such as "Oceans Eleven (remake)" reviewed in such high regard-especially in Europe. Films like Rififi must be shown spoke about and kept alive to remind younger (pathetic) critics what true classic Noir is.<br /><br />Criterion should be commended in their flawless and classy transfer.
critique249 A group of cats look to find their way home after being kidnapped by a greedy butler.<br /><br />The Aristocats is regarded as one of Walt Disney's finest 2D animations with its charming script and cool characters but it doesn't quite have the magic that created Snow White or the Jungle Book.<br /><br />The slow opening will have younger viewers raising their eyebrows but once the cats become established into the story does the fun and entertainment begin.<br /><br />The young cats create the most enjoyment with a charming young hearted rivalry the special kind of bonding any brother or sister of any age can associate with.<br /><br />Not the funniest Disney picture out there but there are some great comic moments especially involving the Cats and the Dogs. The representation of the gangster cats is very impressive and equally amusing.<br /><br />The story after the boring beginning is consistently entertaining and exactly what a family film should be. There are hardly any lapses and no dull moments. The journey to find home is interesting and you get a sense of exploring not to mention two very strange British swans.<br /><br />With Disney you always get a strong meaningful message. With the Jungle Book it is where you belong with Beauty and the Beast you explore the importance of inner beauty. However with this 1970 picture there seems to be something missing. The film has the importance and relevance of home but is not cemented enough; it seems very far fetched and irrelevant.<br /><br />My sister and I found it very strange watching this as some of the central characters were voiced by the Jungle Book cast.<br /><br />Despite the bad beginning and the confusion of its preaching message this is a consistently fun family film with a good music score and some cool crazy characters that viewers of any age can relate to.
critique250 Zero Day leads you to think even re-think why two boys/young men would do what they did - commit mutual suicide via slaughtering their classmates. It captures what must be beyond a bizarre mode of being for two humans who have decided to withdraw from common civility in order to define their own/mutual world via coupled destruction.<br /><br />It is not a perfect movie but given what money/time the filmmaker and actors had - it is a remarkable product. In terms of explaining the motives and actions of the two young suicide/murderers it is better than 'Elephant' - in terms of being a film that gets under our 'rationalistic' skin it is a far far better film than almost anything you are likely to see. <br /><br />Flawed but honest with a terrible honesty.
critique251 Fame is one of the best movies I've seen about The Performing Arts. The music and the acting are excellent. The screenplay and Set Design are also excellent. My favorite part is when all the students start Dancing and making music in the Canteen. I can see this movie any number of times and never get bored. I give it 8 1/2 on 10.
critique252 is not a bad movie but the acting and the screenplay can be better. I like this movie because i have a life that is in good part like the one in the movie. is hard for a lost generation to get a life in Romania and 90 percent of us choose something else and that something else includes dealing with people with "bad habits" if you understand me but that comes with the territory. this movie represent me and i like it. i have a rage in me that i barley talk with people i live in a messed up society and i can't fit in and i don't want toand that's the story of movie also if you r like me you can understand the true movie if not you will find it easy and cheap.
critique253 For those who expect documentaries to be objective creatures let me give you a little lesson in American film-making.<br /><br />Documentaries rely heavily on casting. You pick and choose characters you think will enhance the drama and entertainment value of your film.<br /><br />After you have shot a ton of footage you splice it together to make a film with ups and downs turning points climaxes etc. If you have trouble with existing footage you either shoot some more that makes sense find some stock footage or be clever with your narration.<br /><br />The allegation that the filmmakers used footage of locales not part of the movie (favelas next to beautiful beaches) does not detract from the value of the film as a dramatic piece and the particular image is one that resonates enough to justify its not-quite-truthful inclusion. At any rate you use the footage you can. So they didn't happen to have police violence footage for that particular neighborhood. Does this mean not include it and just talk about it or maybe put in some cartoon animation so the audience isn't "duped"? Um no.<br /><br />As for the hopeful ending why not? Yes Americans made it. Yes Americans are optimistic bastards. But why end on a down note? Just because it's set in a foreign country and foreign films by and large end on a down note? Let foreigners portray the dismal outlook of life.<br /><br />Let us Americans think there may be a happy ending looming in the future. There just may be one.
critique254 Everybody interested in Texas needs to have this DVD. It's just a good movie about real Texas with great scenes. It took a bunch of Texans to do this right. Hollywood never would have gotten it. There are so many subtle things that Tubb put in the movie and may not have even thought about but it makes the show.<br /><br />Guest cameos are not seen as cameos at all. Each star fits in perfectly and does not distract from the film. Many of the guests spots blend so perfect that when the credits roll you will go back through the movie to find the character. Strait's roll is dead on it could not have been done any better in real life.<br /><br />The second half of the movie is completely different from the first it get's a little "hokey" but that's alright. Somehow the storyline works. The "hokey" stuff is like an after school special but it looks believable and natural.<br /><br />I have never heard anyone use the Sonny Pruitt line before other than locals that I grew up with. That was the icing on the cake for me.<br /><br />Definitely a collectible right up there with Pure Country Sugarland Express Jr. Bonner Texasville The Last Picture Show Giant and of course Hud.<br /><br />Gig'em Aggies '86
critique255 I love this movie Jouvet Arletty Blier CarnÃƒÂ©... almost everything has already been said about the movie but there is one detail I'd like to shed some light onto: no footage of the real still standing HÃƒÂ´tel du Nord (is it still? I heard it was to be demolished...) has been used for the movie - the whole scene has been rebuilt on set the main reason being that they could not stop the traffic on the St Martin canal for several weeks.
critique256 The funniest show ever on TV albeit the humor is not for everyone. I realize it would have been hard to keep the show fresh if it had ran longer but it's a shame only six episodes were filmed. The gags fly rapidly from the opening credits until the very end when you would see Drebin and his boss Ed Hocken pretending to be in freeze frame as the closing credits rolled during which the criminal (still moving) would see everyone else motionless and try to escape. In another episode the building started collapsing around them as Drebin and Hocken remained in freeze mode.<br /><br />Leslie Nielsen was comedic brilliance as Frank Drebin and the perfect fit for this show Ã‚Â… how he managed to keep a straight face through some of this is beyond me. Because the jokes and sight gags came so often and quick you can watch the episodes a 2nd and 3rd time and catch things you missed the first time. If you're like me you can watch them over and over and still find yourself laughing. Even the jokes that made no sense nor seemingly had any reason to them such as the "Rex Hamilton as Abraham Lincoln" tag-line in the opening announcement somehow worked Ã‚Â… perhaps they were thrown in there precisely for that reason.<br /><br />Cleverly spoofing the old Quinn Martin detective/cop shows of the 1970s Police Squad would return from commercial break with the words "Act Two" appearing on the screen which was immediately followed by "Yankees One" or some other quip. On the opening credits the episode's title would appear on the screen but the announcer would utter a completely different title. My favorite jokes and lines from this series are way too numerous to list but one of my favorites is when Drebin asks a down-on-his-luck boxer who has previously tanked fights "Do you think you can beat the Champ?" The boxer responds "I can take him blindfolded!" To which Drebin responds back "But what if he's not blindfolded?" A minute later in reference to the boxer's small dingy apartment Drebin tells him "I'm going to help you get out of this sewer." The next thing you see Drebin is popping up through a manhole cover on the street! In another episode Drebin and Hocken are questioning a bombing suspect's flimsy alibi. Drebin not believing him says "Alright let's say you did go the movies." After a slight pause Drebin Hocken and the suspect all look at the camera and in unison say "You did go the movies." A few moments later when Drebin is forced to let the suspected bomber walk free due to lack of evidence he storms away and angrily yells "Tell that bomber to take off!" What's seen next is a cop giving the thumbs-up signal to a WWII-style plane on a runway right outside the building! While there were many classic Drebin quotes one particularly memorable one was "Sorry to bother you Mrs. Twice. We would have come earlier but your husband wasn't dead then." Another classic was "I'm a locksmith Ã‚Â… and I'm a locksmith." When a visibly shaken kidnap victim's father asks Drebin "What I do I do?" Ã‚Â… Drebin in classic deadpan fashion responds back "Well as I understand it you're in the textile business." As I said the humor is not for everyone Ã‚Â… many people simply will not "get" it. During the show's brief run I remember the reaction being very mixed. Some people thought it was absolutely hysterical and one of the funniest things around while others thought it was the stupid and unfunny. For me Police Squad even 20+ years later is the funniest thing I've ever seen on TV. For younger viewers who enjoy this type of humor but who have never seen Police Squad because they were too young when the series initially aired I highly recommend. I found the six episodes to be even funnier than the subsequent "Naked Gun" movies.
critique257 A beautiful woman a backwoods inbred monster man a super sweet monster truck a road kill zombie brother and 2 friends...one anal retentive overly sensitive nerd and the other a foul mouthed adolescent slob. Throw them all together with a dash of Jeepers Creepers Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Road Trip and you've got Monster Man. A hilarious horror/comedy outing that never sets out to "say something". It's a simple straight forward laugh fest. Unpretentious and well made this horror/comedy is at its heart a buddy flick. This film offered some hilarious and sickening set pieces. I highly recommend this to fright fans looking to be entertained.
critique258 Each story has a lesson for young and old. But what more I have to say may spoil a future story. But I believe what I have to say is for everyone; just for one particular episode: The Soldier and Death.<br /><br />Okay... of all the stories the one that sticks out for me is "The Soldier and Death" because is was the point in my life I realized that life was terminal. I am not kidding. The airing was on my 8 1/2 birthday... and I will always remember it. I didn't remember its title until tonight but I new the synopsis. (May 15th 1988)<br /><br />It is always difficult to explain that Death is a natural part in Life. It is also difficult for adults to accept that children can accept this fact. I am living proof (currently 28 yrs old) that children can accept this fact and from time to time remind adults...<br /><br />I write this with tears in my eyes. Heath Ledger - a wonderful actor my own age - died today. It kinda reminded me of many lessons I have learned in my life. So I write this as a reminder to Young and Old... no one is immune to whatever is in store for us.<br /><br />I hate to say that Death is going to happen but this Story was the first time I saw Death as not a bad thing; but a part of Life was quite literally in this story. I can't help it. It was a life changing moment for me and will alway be.<br /><br />And for that...<br /><br />I love you Jim Henson (and I still remember much of your work in life up until the day you died and your memorial Muppet Show) and thank you Brian Henson for keeping the Workshop alive!!! Honest I do thank you all of your co-workers editors and interns.<br /><br />The stage is just a stage/ And a show is just a show/ But Imagination will create Magic/ That Forever the world will Know.<br /><br />Thank you!!!<br /><br />(And for all who doubt me... Dance Magic Dance)
critique259 First I played the second monkey island game and I liked it despite the low quality graphics and sound. Then a few months later I found out a new game was made. I tried it out and liked it a lot. First thing you notice is the great graphics. The areas are huge colorful and detailed with lots to explore. The game requires you to use your brain a lot as always. The game is challenging with all point and click games frustrating. The jokes haven't gotten old a third time around. The animated cut scenes are a great addition to the game also. This is the best MI game out there perhaps the best P&C game too! If you like cartoony games that play like a movie get this game!
critique260 I am 13 years old and I am writing this review in my mom's sign in. She will write her own review later. <br /><br />This is my all time favorite movie.It was filmed in England in 1944. I watched it so many times when I was little that I wore out the video tape. I love this movie and it changed my life! The beautiful landscapes. The mighty pie-bold thoroughbred horse. The plain little Irish village with the young girl who wanted to do what no other girl had ever done compete in The Grand National Steeplechase in London with her most beloved horse The Pirate. It all made me want to ride horses (which I have done now for 7 years)and learn everything I could about their breeds so I could also draw and paint them. It's a ground breaking movie about winning against all odds overcoming your fears believing in yourself and reaching difficult goals by working very hard. Also the horse race scene was one of the best ever made and I have seen many movies with horse races. I never get tired of watching this movie. Everything about it is perfect. Especially if you are a young girl and passionate about horses!
critique261 I saw this movie today and I have to say it was much much better than I expected it to be about couple of hours before going to see it. Personally I had some prejudice due to the language of it but it did totally change my idea. The movie was in most cases surprisingly good with the great actor and actress performances. It was a story about a boy who had a dream and who did everything to reach it. This really touched me and as a film which is based on a true story it convinced me. A new school psycho headmaster and a young boy who get known with a new teacher a bit different one than the others and about fighting for the things even if they doesn't seem to work out. It showed how little things can make huge changes in many things and how difference can sometimes cause difficult situations. Also I think the actor selections has succeeded perfectly. It really felt like you had been some person watching the episodes as an outsider when they happened. Before I spoil this movie with praises I have to admit that there were some things and situations that didn't look and feel realistic..like the one where the headmaster of the school beat Frits aka. Martin in front of the class at the end of the movie. He really got beaten badly but the only thing that it caused to him was some blood coming from the nose when comparing that to the first beating in the beginning when Frits got some stitches..well I guess every movie has it own faults..have to say that if I someday somewhere find this DVD from the store it's sure thing that I take it with me.
critique262 Well what can I say having just watched this fantastic film when my nerves are still jangling! Jacques Audiard the director must be making quite a name for himself in France and rightly so. Vince Cassel is no Tom Cruise and Emmanuelle Devos is no Penelope Cruz either but these two are fantastic actors and this is a taut and compelling thriller which starts off slowly with some clever character building and then starts to put tension on tension to a wonderful climax. Others have written about the plot so I will not say more than everyone in this film plays their role to perfection the director the actors right down to the cameraman and everything seems so real no stupid gun play the fighting when it happens is so credible the expressions the emotions it is almost as you are there as a spectator. Do yourself a favour get the DVD a bottle of wine turn the lights low take the phone off the hook and immerse yourself in this Hitchcockian thriller :)
critique263 Laura Gemser plays a magazine photographer who is sent to Africa for a photo shoot. There she is met by a couple and other swinging couples. They all stay at this huge very touristy hotel with a gigantic swimming pool. One night they have a pool party complete with "real live" native dancers. It's very un-politically correct and very kitschy. Later Emanuelle finally has her photo shoot which turns out to be in one of those drive-through stay-in-your-car safaris (albeit the photography is gorgeous). Throughout the film Emanuelle is going after every man she meets. The photography is very well done in this film. There are scenes with cascading waterfalls galloping giraffes and ancient ruins. The film is worth seeing for the soundtrack by Nico Fidenco alone.
critique264 Don't know what film or version Jeff saw but this entire film was awesome not just Poitier and Going. The story was riveting suspenseful and engaging. And for the guy complaining about historical accuracy get real. Yes there were some Black deputy marshals in the Indian territory but they had no authority to arrest Whites outside of Indian territory. As a rule they did not "patrol" but exercised warrants on criminals only. I did find it odd that Corby didn't seem to have "any' Indian friends. I know their numbers were diminished but it still strikes me as strange. Even as Corby returned to his people his Indian cohorts remain faceless and nameless.
critique265 I am a big follower of Indian Movies especially Malayalam and Tamil.<br /><br />Shame on India for not sending this movie as their official Oscar entry. I have seen this movie and it has clearly revealed to me the maturity Tamil cinema has in its screenplay and narrative which bollywood better catch up with.By the way to all we westerners Tamil Cinema is more qualitative and very different from Bollywood which is all about good looks glamour and promotion.<br /><br />Coming to the point what was India thinking when they sent a movie like 'Devdas' to the Oscars? That was a really a Masochist move. I think they are trying to punish Oscar judges with boredom by sending Devdas since the judges toppled Lagaan last year.<br /><br />'Devdas' is just a brigthly colored but stale and predictable melodrama of Love fate and destiny. I would keep away from it. Anyway not sending a movie like Kanathil Muthital shows how much of a revamp Indian administration needs to save them from poor administrators who lack intelligence. Now I know why this country has so many issues. They are heavily talented but not showcased properly.
critique266 This is a film that I love above all others. I try to revisit the main film locations in Oakworth and Oxenhope whenever I can which help to re-establish those magical qualities that this film seems to embody so uniquely - recalling a gentler and more mannered age with its unspoken assertions that people really do matter that family life is not just another disposable and that life really is worth living (though sometimes we may doubt that). In short a film that soon brings tears to my eyes helped perhaps by the deeply evocative music - some tunes are jaunty (like the Perks' tune played on a trombone sometimes with spoons) the stirring melody when the family first set off for Yorkshire not knowing what lies ahead and the haunting little tune played on a solo clarinet (or is it an oboe?) that precedes sudden child-felt changes in fortune.<br /><br />This is as much a film for adults as for children appealing to the eternal child in us all - a key that effortlessly reactivates those deep and apparently long-lost values and feelings buried inside us which are normally swept aside by the demands of modern everyday life. This is a film about basic human goodness and decency in which we the viewers are left to make of it what we will and there are welcome touches of humour sometimes added for good measure such as the arrival of the aunt or on a more earthy level the bedroom scene on Perks' birthday - "All right Bert - as it's your birthday!" I must know every scene every line of this film and yet so great is the magic that each time I watch it is like I am opening a box of delights for the first time savouring each moment - sometimes humorous sometimes....well very different. As Peter says in the film: "it's perfect - more perfect than you know". And so it is!!!
critique267 Diane Keaton has played a few "heavy" parts in her many years on the big screen but she's mostly known for the "light and fluffy" stuff with Woody Allen such as Annie Hall. She deserves an Oscar for best actress in a drama for this effort and it doesn't really matter what the competition was the year it was first shown. Try and find a scene in which she doesn't appear. And it was all heavy drama exhausting in its pace and retakes action all at full speed. The make-up made her as young as possible and she fit the 30s age category even in close-ups but she was playing half her age and at a very fast pace. The movie overall was fairly well done staged and shot well with a strong supporting cast but Keaton carried the load.
critique268 The Woman in Black is easily one of the creepiest British ghost stories ever made.A young solicitorafter arriving in a small town to handle a dead client's estateis haunted by a mysterious woman dressed all in black.The film is loaded with extremely eerie atmosphere and the frights are calculated for and deliver the maximum effect possible.The action keeps the viewer deeply involved and the finale is quite disturbing.The acting is excellent and the tension is almost unbearable at times.So if you want to see a truly creepy horror film give this one a look.I dare anyone to watch "The Woman in Black" alone at night with the lights off.Highly recommended.10 out of 10.
critique269 In some ways The Wrath of Kriemhild surpasses Siegfried's Death but it also loses some of that film's greatness. The plot of this one is more cohesive than the first which is quite amazing. The second half of the actual poem is a lot sloppier and a lot harder to tread through until that is you get to the climactic battle scenes; only the Iliad's are better. Lang and Harbou embellished the Huns. The poet-compiler of the Nibelungenlied didn't know a Hun from his right ball and as a result they are more or less the same as the Burgundians in custom. For example although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a heathen (which is Kriemhild's main concern as Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him) when she gets to Hunland the first thing she does is go to mass. The Huns here are clearly heathens; they're almost like caveman. The depiction of them is hilarious especially Verbal the jester who has two marvelous scenes. Etzel's character has been given more weight. He is much more formidable. All he does is bemoan his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are masterful at building suspense especially at the banquet scene which is intercut with Verbal's second performance to an amazing effect. However as is the nature of this half of the poem the film's amazing technical accomplishments are missing in this one for the most part except for a dazzling sequence where Etzel's hall burns down with the Nibelungs inside. The one thing I do have to object to is the way Harbou changes the ending. SPOILERS: in the poem after Hildebrand captures Hagen and Gunther they are imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where he has hidden the horde. He refuses and she herself decapitates her brother. When Hagen still refuses she decapitates him. Hildebrand (or possibly Dietrich) is so disgusted that a woman would presume to murder a great warrior that he in turn decapitates her calling her a "Devil Woman". Etzel who is much weaker in the poem than he is here says something silly like: "Ah me!" I can understand why they would want to keep a unity of time and place as Hildebrand brings them from the castle; to retain the prison settings of the two deaths would make the film very anticlimactic. I also understand why they didn't have Hildebrand kill Kriemhild: his character is much reduced here; his name is only mentioned once. But to have Kriemhild kill herself adopting Brynhild's death from the Icelandic sources is just catering to the audience instead of challenging them. The point of the poem is that Kriemhild's wrath goes far beyond it should into the realm of pure evil. Here we simply have her die for her lost love. It's not as interesting.
critique270 I was impressed with this film because of the quality of the acting and the powerful message in the script. Susan Sarandon plays the part of a flighty irrational and possessive mother who constantly gives her daughter the message that they must stick together. She removes her daughter from a dysfunctional but loving family in Indiana to pursue an exciting acting career in Hollywood. The daughter is dubious but at first she has no choice--- the bond with mother is pathologically strong.<br /><br />In time the girl sees that the mother is off into flights of fantasy and does not have her feet on the ground. She sees her mother go head over heels for a handsome seductive guy who loves 'em and leaves 'em. She sees that the mother doesn't get it. So how can she look to her mother for guidance?<br /><br />The mother directs the girl to a drama try-out and sees the daughter act out the part of the mother in such a way that a shockingly painful mirror is held up to the fly-by-night mother. This causes a period of depression and the girl is horrified at the impact on the mother and is apologetic but the lesson takes hold.<br /><br />There is character-growth as the mother realizes her selfish claim on the daughter and eventually is persuaded to let the girl go. It is a touching scene and a valuable lesson that parents however emotionally dependent have to let the child go and become her own separate person.
critique271 I thought Rachel York was fantastic as "Lucy." I have seen her in "Kiss Me Kate" and "Victor/Victoria" as well and in each of these performances she has developed very different and very real characterizations. She is a chameleon who can play (and sing) anything!<br /><br />I am very surprised at how many negative reviews appear here regarding Rachel's performance in "Lucy." Even some bonafide TV and entertainment critics seem to have missed the point of her portrayal. So many people have focused on the fact that Rachel doesn't really look like Lucy. My response to that is "So what?" I wasn't looking for a superficial impersonation of Lucy. I wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown. And Rachel certainly gave us that in great depth. I also didn't want to see someone simply "doing" classic Lucy routines. Therefore I was very pleased with the decision by the producers and director to have Rachel portray Lucy in rehearsal for the most memorable of these skits - Vitameatavegamin and The Candy Factory. (It seems that some of the reviewers didn't realize that these two scenes were meant to be rehearsal sequences and not the actual skits). This approach I thought gave an innovative twist to sketches that so many of us know by heart. I also thought Rachel was terrifically fresh and funny in these scenes. And she absolutely nailed the routines that were recreated - the Professor and the Grape Stomping in particular. There was one moment in the Grape scene where the corner of Rachel's mouth had the exact little upturn that I remember Lucy having. I couldn't believe she was able to capture that - and so naturally.<br /><br />I wonder if many of the folks who criticized the performance were expecting to see the Lucille Ball of "I Love Lucy" throughout the entire movie. After all those of us who came to know her only through TV would not have any idea what Lucy was really like in her early movie years. I think Rachel showed a natural progression in the character that was brilliant. She planted all the right seeds for us to see the clown just waiting to emerge given the right set of circumstances. Lucy didn't fit the mold of the old studio system. In her frustrated attempts to become the stereotypical movie star of that era she kept repressing what would prove to be her ultimate gifts.<br /><br />I believe that Rachel deftly captured the comedy drama wit sadness anger passion love ambition loyalty sexiness self absorption childishness and stoicism all rolled into one complex American icon. And she did it with an authenticity and freshness that was totally endearing. "Lucy" was a star turn for Rachel York. I hope it brings a flood of great roles her way in the future. I also hope it brings her an Emmy.
critique272 I agree with the guy above It is so funny I understand it all but my friends just don't get it. Go to Japan and you will see a different movie after being there. When I met my girlfriends dad at his home in Kanagawa. I swear I felt the same as Jack. scared but by the end of the day it was all good so I give this movie a 10 out 10.<br /><br />I have watched it at least 30 times taking it with me to watch on the plane flying to Japan next month. One thing that is real good is the ball game scenes. Makes me feel like I am there again. This is a must see if you have any interest in Japan and Baseball. Too bad they don't make a sequel. Does anyone know where the temple scenes were filmed and the argument with hirko in the walkway with a roof on it???? need to know so I can win an argumrnt with me Japanese ex-wife. thanks
critique273 Well I am delighted to hear a rumor that this may finally be issued on DVD. When that will happen I don't know but I will grab it when it's released.<br /><br />In my humble opinion this is Errol Flynn's most entertaining film especially when "Gentleman Jim" Corbett's ring career begins in the film. Then it goes from a good film to a great one.<br /><br />Few people could play arrogant men and still come off as a likable good guy as well as Flynn could and this film is a perfect example of that. Reportedly this was Flynn's favorite role and I believe that. You can just sense how much fun he was having here. Ward Bond also looks like he was really enjoying his role playing the famous John L. Sullivan. Bond too was never better.<br /><br />There is just the right amount of action boxing scenes in here and they are pretty well done too. Corbett's family is fun to watch too as they carry on in the stands during Jim's matches. Out of the arena Corbett's family's constant arguments and yelling can get a little too loud and annoying but they set the stage for a fitting conclusion.<br /><br />And speaking of the conclusion Sullivan's speech to Corbett after the big fight is very touching and the highlight of the film. Some mean-spirited critics (Variety for example) didn't like that ending nor the fact that much of the film is fictionalized but - duh - most films are fictionalized like it or not. And in this case it made for a nice story and nice ending. (In real life Corbett was a very soft-spoken true gentleman not anything like Flynn's portrayal but Flynn still make him a good guy.)<br /><br />This is one of the more entertaining classic films I have ever watched and I eagerly wait for the DVD.
critique274 When you see this movie you begin to realise what a drastically under-utilised asset the late Dudley Moore was. There should be a dozen movies like this in our archive.<br /><br />He was already top-notch talent before he went to Hollywood both as a comedian and a musician. But mostly he is remembered for his pairing with Peter Cook on television and in one or two indifferent British movies. Perhaps the best of these was 'Bedazzled'. <br /><br />He always tended to be eclipsed by Cook who's jealousy and meanness rifted their partnership and enabled Moore to realise his true potential in America. 'Arthur' is the result. <br /><br />This is a truly splendid movie. Moore's clownish comedy as a drunkard is undeniable. The script is perfectly suited to his manner with lot's of hilarious almost surreal conversational digressions. There is something so British about him that I'm actually surprised he found such an appeal to American tastes. Tommy Cooper an anarchic comedian after the same fashion tended to draw a blank. It is Moore's almost childish vulnerability that is so endearing.<br /><br />Liza Minelli and John Guilgud tend to play straight roles against him but still have some excellent one-liners. John Guilgud in particular delivers his with a sarcastic and acerbic authority that is a treasure to watch. He invariably steals any scene in which he features and thoroughly deserved his Oscar. Correct me if I'm wrong but he has never played any other comic role.<br /><br />There is a follow-up movie called 'Arthur 2 - On The Rocks'. It never attains the same sublime levels of fun that this one reaches but it is still rather good even so. Guilgud only gets a cameo appearance at the beginning and as a ghost. It is darker. And there is some interesting soul-searching. It will disappoint if you watch 'Arthur' first.<br /><br />Hollywood seemed to loose interest in cuddly Dudley after these two outings. He eventually returned to Britain dejected and apparently dying.<br /><br />But 'Arthur' is a sample of what might have been. We can only imagine the other great movies he should have made.<br /><br />Your're sadly missed Dudley.
critique275 I don't usually like to see movies while they're still in theaters because of high ticket prices but I saw a poster for Some Things That Stay and I thought "that young actress looks intelligent and mysterious not like the usual blonde teenybopper BS". So I decided to take the plunge and see this movie on it's opening night. <br /><br />I must tell you I was happily surprised. I went to this film with no expectations. I didn't really know what it would be about but the raw emotion and honest teenage experiences expressed by Katie Boland left me feeling rather satisfied with my decision. Alberta Watson also did a fantastic job as the role of Tamara's disease-stricken mother and I must also add that I was quite impressed with the comedic stylings of Megan Park as Tamara's friend Brenda. <br /><br />The film was wonderfully directed by Gail Harvey and pulled together in the kind of kitschy 50's way that leaves you feeling warm and happy even if the storyline tended not to be so uplifting. I also thought that the film was well-shot many beautiful images of a 1950's countryside will remain in my mind for weeks to come. <br /><br />This film as a whole was quirky and great. I found it to be unpredictable and although the story ends in a somewhat open-ended way I was still left satisfied. Whether you are looking for a fun yet powerful coming-of-age story or simply want to reminisce about life in the 1950's I guarantee this film is for you. Even if you have no expectations it is still quite likely that you will be most impressed. Give this one a shot!
critique276 Eddie Izzard is genius with his non-stop humor. I could listen all day. His unique approach to life is quite logical. His understanding of discovery (such as the Heimlich Maneuver) is creative. Eddie Izzard captures the heart of what we think. I don't know when I laughed so hard at anyone's off-beat mind.
critique277 The year is 1896.Jeff Webster (James Stewart) doesn't like people.There's only one friend he's got and he's Ben Tatum (Walter Brennan) an old sympathetic man.They're driving a cattle herd with them.That would be their key to richness.In Skagway they run into trouble when Sheriff Gannon (John McIntire) takes the cattle.Now Jeff only has to get it back and drive it through the U.S. Canadian border to Dawson.Now they have a group of other people with them like the ladies Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman) and Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvet).There the two men get into the gold business.Anthony Mann's and James Stewart's fourth collaboration The Far Country (1954) is a fine western indeed.The acting work is superb.Walter Brennan makes a terrific sidekick to Stewart.Ruth Roman is brilliant and Corinne Calvet's delightful.Jay C. Flippen is very good as Dawson Marshal Rube Morris.The great Jack Elam and Kathleen Freeman are seen in smaller roles.It's fantastic to watch how Jimmy Stewart overcome's all the troubles in his way.There's just the man and his rifle.But also he's vulnerable.
critique278 I switched this on (from cable) on a whim and was treated to quite a surprise...although very predictable this film turned out to be quite enjoyable...no big stars but well-directed and just plain fun. With all the over-hyped crap that is out there it is very nice to get an unexpected surprise now and then... and this little film fits the bill nicely. 9/10
critique279 Glenn Ford is hired by a crooked bank owner and wily stable owner Edger Buchanan to stage a fake robbery while the banker hides the real loot. With Ford a no-show the two instead go with a trigger happy second choice leaving Ford on the hook for killings he didn't commit.<br /><br />Columbia Pictures' first color feature The Desperadoes looks fantastic with sets and costumes fabricated to take full advantage of the Technicolor process accentuating tons of well staged western spectacle.<br /><br />This has the irresistible teaming of a young Glenn Ford (third-billed but essentially the star) and a prime Randolph Scott leading an incredible supporting cast of great character actors in colorful roles including scene-stealer Edger Buchanan as a good-natured but mildly villainous yokel who isn't as dumb as he looks and who has quite a few memorable lines.<br /><br />A fairly complex script effectively mixes incredible action sequences melodrama and comedy well directed by Charles Vidor. This is one of the great westerns of the nineteen-forties and highly recommended.
critique280 I always enjoy seeing movies that make you think and don't just drip-feed the answers to their audience. "Revolver" is one of these films and although many reviewers have stated that it is difficult to follow with a bit of concentration and an open mind I got it. First time. True it doesn't compare to other mind-mucks like "The Usual Suspects" or "Memento" but in its own right its an intelligent and thought-provoking film. <br /><br />Another thing I really liked about this film is how damn beautiful it is. Every scene every camera angle seems to have been thought about for ages. If you see it you'll know what I mean.<br /><br />So to conclude... watch it with an open mind and you may enjoy it. If not well no-one ever said "Revolver" is for everyone. And that's my 2 cents.
critique281 This is a wonderful movie about a brothel in a fishing village that could be best described with scene constellations and direction of old Kurosawa's works combined with Dostoyevski's topics of human psychology (O-shin - Sonia Marmeladova ) Shakespeare's drama and Hans Christian Andersen's tragic and cheerfulness. The screenplay is wondrous the scenes are colour- and beautiful some scenes stay really imprinted in my mind. The plot is interesting and unpredictable - each of the characters is very well developed and interesting - there is also a little action so if you don't like all the sentiments you'd also come to your costs - . It is not about mysterious Geishas and proud Samurai with their Bushido pouring all out of them but about life work and kinds of people found everywhere at any time. A lovely and fascinating tribute to Kurosawa certainly worth seeing.
critique282 I thought this movie was hysterical. I have watched it many times and recommend it highly. Mel Brooks was excellent. The cast was fantastic..I don't understand how this movie gets a 2 out of 5 rating. I loved it.. I have seen other movies of his and they were also funny but this one really stick out in my mind because of the humor.. His I just can't say enough about this movie. I look for it to be on periodically but it never on enough for me. The people playing the homeless people were by comparison up to the funniest standards also. Please put this movie on more often. I can't see it enough..Leslie Ann Warren also was another favorite of mine ever since Cinderella. I always thought that she wasn't really funny but loved her acting. In this movie she was very funny..and her and Mel did a great job together. They should put more of his movies on TV.
critique283 The previous reviewer has said it exactly. I saw it once was enchanted saw it a second time when it was re-broadcast within a week or two of the first airing. I still remember some of the scenes. The setting is the opening of the 20th century the war referred to in the title is World War I. One of the scenes was set in a women-only section of a public place which was an interesting historical note. The moment when one of the women first touches the other is one of my all-time great movie moments. I don't think of this as a "gay movie" it's an interesting and tender period love story where the two principals happen to be women. I would love to see this movie again; I would buy this one if it ever came out on DVD.
critique284 Beyond the excellent directionproductionacting & the predictable drama lies an essential message in the script:<br /><br />"Listening leads all the way" In order for the voice to flourishlisten.To harmonise with other in voicelisten. In order to approach yourselflisten.To discover the needs of any situation or otherslisten. It appears that the script writers are conveying a "life's secret".Listening leads to an awareness of one's Self. It awakens the other senses especially vision & expands the horizon.One's soul too can be discovered. The artistry of this movie "As it is in Heaven" magnificently displayed the unfolding of lifenot only its joy & sadnessbut ultimately the hope of life. All this by the leading character's first instruction to the choir;<br /><br />"Just Listenit leads all the way"
critique285 Aah yes the workout show was a great. Not only did many women get in shape but many teenage boys got a great workout as well. I am not saying that the show was in any way not appropriate for family viewing but if you check the other works from the shows producer you will find more adult themes in his works which are also excellent. Many of the viewers looked forward to the show men and women alike all gained good information and a wonderful releasefrom the workouts. The girls were perfect and Beautiful the show is a classic and should do well in syndication. The show should still be on as there are never enough choices to view when it comes to health and beauty.
critique286 I watched Lion king more times that all my friends put togther. Having a baby sister.. you know how it is. By now i memorized both the plot and the lines. After Lion king 2 came out i was like ok well let me see... the second one was significantly weaker... then i saw an ad for lion king 1 and 1/2... I was like ok there we go again. After watching the 1 1/2 i was like wow. All my expectations (for repetitevness) were broken. A truly lovely and original plot keeps you glued to your seat for the entire time. I have noticed that the cartoon was filled with so many comical moments that ROFlmao will apply here 100%.<br /><br />I definetly recommend seeing the cartoon.
critique287 This movie basically is a very well made production and gives a good impression of a war situation and its effects on those involved. It's always interesting to see the story from the 'other' side for a change. This movie concentrates on a group of German soldiers who after fighting in the North Africa campaign are send to Stalingrad Russia where one of the most notorious and bloodiest battles of WW II is being fought.<br /><br />It's interesting to see the other side of this battle since we mainly just always see the Germans simply as the 'villains'. In this movie those 'villains' are given an humane face and voice and it sort of makes you realize that the only true enemy in war is war itself and not necessarily those who you're fighting against. At first it's kind of hard to concentrate on the movie because you always just have in the back of your mind that the German's are the evil villains. But of course you get accustomed to it quickly and you soon adapt the Germans as the main characters of the movie and you even start to care -and be interested in them.<br /><br />The way this story is told isn't however the best. It's hard to keep track of the story at times as it jumps from the one sequence and location to the other. The movie isn't always logic in its storytelling and features a bit too many sequences that remain too vague. It also is most of the time pretty hard to keep the characters apart and see who is who. It doesn't always makes this movie an easy on to watch but than again on the other hand there are plenty enough sequences and moments present in this movie to make it worthwhile and an interesting one just not the most coherent one around. In that regard Hollywood movies are always better than European movies.<br /><br />The production values are high and features some good looking sets and locations though the movie wasn't even shot in Russia itself. It helps to create a good war time situation atmosphere.<br /><br />The character are mostly interesting although perhaps a tad bit formulaic. But I don't know for some reason formulaic characters always work out fine in war movies and strenghtens the drama and realism. It also helps that they're being played by well cast actors. All of the actors aren't the best known actors around (Thomas Kretschmann was also at the time still a fairly unknown actor) but each of them fit their role well and gives its characters an unique face and personality.<br /><br />All in all not the best or most consistent WW II drama around but definitely worth a look due to its original approach of the German side of the battle of Stalingrad and its good production values.<br /><br />7/10
critique288 This is one of the first films I can remember or maybe the first one. Exactly the beautiful kind of film than introduce a kid sweetly into the world of violence and addictions were we live. A little bit of Babe Casino and Constantine all this well mixed into a carton and we get this. I don't know if its truly rated for kids but I think it was very cool very funny and interesting. I hate when a film (spescially a carton)can have a good end and its ruining because every character must have a happy end even if it sounds weird (Im not a bitter person).But this was OK he simply goes heaven and they let it in that way.<br /><br />All this is just a critic Its a good movie an something new. very touching and I gotta go
critique289 I just wanted to say that. I love Gheorghe Muresan so I automatically loved this movie. Everything else about it was so-so... Billy Crystal is a good actor even if he is annoying. But the thing that made this movie was- at least for a basketball fan- seeing Gheorghe Muresan act.
critique290 Cowboys and Indians is an excellent film. The writing acting directing could not have been better. This was a story that begged to be told and this group of talented individuals and teams did a superb job of doing so. Stories like this one are not pleasant ones but serve to remind people of the social injustices that exist all around the world. It is my hope that when this film is seen that attitudes and prejudices will be changed. A film that can do that is a rare a special thing. Andrew Berzins is an excellent writer and his talents and expertise in this field came shining through in this film. <br /><br />Thank you for telling this story!!!<br /><br />Ruby
critique291 Every kid has that movie that he pops into VHS when he has nothing to do or when there is a babysitter around. This was that movie for me.<br /><br /> I can tell you the whole plot exactly I must have seen it 100 times at least and I can say it is a good kids/family movie.<br /><br />I still have the tape I haven't watched it in 5 years but maybe I'll get around to it this week and be a kid for the day.<br /><br /> You just have to love the care bears and their messege.<br /><br />
critique292 President Harry S. Truman once said that the only thing new in the world is the history you don't know.<br /><br />Seven years before Richard Rhodes' superb Pulitzer Prize-winning "The Making of the Atomic Bomb" the BBC produced a seven-part miniseries "Oppenheimer" that was a character study of the people who designed and built the weapon that ushered in the Atomic Age permanently joining science and technology to the state (and in particular the military) not merely making history but changing the world forever.<br /><br />The production is impeccable the casting nothing short of miraculous; not only the main characters but even secondary characters bear uncanny resemblances to the persons portrayed. In particular are Sam Waterston in the title role of American physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer scientific director of the Manhattan Project who was based at the Los Alamos NM laboratory (the site for which he personally chose); Manning Redwood as General Leslie R. Groves who oversaw the entire Manhattan Engineering District (the project's formal name); David Suchet as physicist and ultimate nemesis of Oppenheimer Edward Teller (who nearly forty years later whispered into Ronald Reagan's ear and brought us the Strategic Defense Initiative - "Star Wars") and Jana Sheldon as Kitty Oppenheimer. The attention to detail is uniformly excellent throughout.<br /><br />Part thriller part love story - and ultimately a tragedy this series faithfully recreates a chapter in world history - and that of science - that we dare not forget. Highest recommendation.<br /><br />(NOTE: Viewers who enjoy this series will also enjoy Jacob Bronowski's 13-part series "The Ascent of Man" and the BBC film of Michael Frayn's play "Copenhagen".)
critique293 I had the chance to watch Blind Spot in Barcelona and I enjoyed it tremendously. I thought it to be one of the most captivating movies that I'd seen for a long time. One of the best points of the film was to meet new fresh faces and great actors behind them in unexpectedly and brilliantly filmed great locations. The three heroes share a chemistry on screen that runs all across the film making it so thrilling. They are set on outstanding landscapes spotted by such an original eye (the DOP's work is just great) that makes you feel like you are discovering them for the first time. The mood of the desert floods everywhere and even the scenes filmed in the streets of Los Angeles or San Francisaco seem to be a natural extension of it. The story rides you smoothly through all these beautiful settings to lead you to a bitter-sweet ending being the perfect climax for this perfect journey. The construction of the film itself is a master craft. The skilled use of innovative resources (like stills stitching Danny's memories into the film) will compare to those hand-made pieces of work so rare and so enjoyable. Blind Spot achieves to capture the essence of the desert taking you to an universal common ground where anyone of us can feel being both discoverer and native.
critique294 I write this after just seeing the latest episode broadcast in the UK and to me it must be a tough job to keep up the standard. The last episode shown called "Blink" has elements of Gothic horror all to do with statues that aren't quite what they seem. The Doctor and Martha don't appear much but that doesn't detract from a well crafted episode. The general standard has built to a high level and the last three episodes the two parter with "The Family" and the latest have to me been the best that the current team have ever done.<br /><br />It's not just David Tennant holding it together the whole supporting cast week in week out are helping as well. For those awaiting series 3 abroad the wait is is well worth it.
critique295 I caught this little gem totally by accident back in 1980 or '81. I was at a revival theatre to see two old silly sci-fi movies. The theatre was packed full and (with no warning) they showed a bunch of sci-fi short spoofs (to get us in the mood). Most were somewhat amusing but THIS came on and within seconds the audience was in hysterics! The biggest laugh came when they showed "Princess Laia" having huge cinnamon buns instead of hair on her head. She looks at the camera gives a grim smile and nods. That made it even funnier! You gotta see "Chewabacca" played by what looks like a Muppet! It was extremely silly and stupid...but I couldn't stop laughing. Most of the dialogue was drowned out because of all the laughter. Also if you know "Star Wars" pretty well it's even funnier--they deliberately poke fun at some of the dialogue. This REALLY works with an audience! A definite 10!
critique296 The Elegant Universe brings to light many ideas of the universe and existence. After watching this documentary one can't help but take a step back and rethink their view on the existence of everything. There is a large cast of scientists mathematicians and others on both sides of String Theory. It is continually brought into question as untested untestable and possibly dead wrong. The closest to proselytizing that anyone does is to explain that Quantum Physics the set of mathematical ideas that give extremely good approximations of what happens to sub-atomic particles has never made an incorrect prediction. Not so with String Theory; no one is willing to say on-camera that String Theory is the truth and in so doing the piece retains a certain respectful distance from the subject.
critique297 I watched pp the other night. I have to say I was very impressed with how real the film seemed. It felt very much like a documentary. I also think that the film presented realistic possibilities. In the film the war in Vietnam escalates to the point where China has become involved. What if that had happened? I think the scenarios would be similar to the one portrayed in the movie. We have had camps before in this country... and still do...<br /><br />Highly Recommended for everyone...especially radicals...<br /><br />I kept saying that if I were in the position that those kids were in that I would just lie my ass off. I love America and its grand wars (wink wink)
critique298 I have just seen this film and fallen in love with it. There is a little bit of something for everyone and its a particular free for all when it comes to the romance between Lachlan and Lil. When they are on the beach I nearly cried... there is the unspoken realization that time is the most precious commodity and it is most evident when they are together. This idea taken from several angles from marriage to sibblings to finding love in the least conventional of places. The film almost makes you long for that kind of desperation when you know that tomorrow could very well be your last. Crowe was particularly wonderful in his role of Lachlan. I've always had a soft spot for the accent but I nearly melted with his portrayal of his character. The way this film was shot is also beautiful with the music backdrop of the open fields and superb acting. All together this is a wonderful film that tugs at all of human emotions.
critique299 Silverlake Life is a documentary and it was plain and straightforward. Actually it was more like a home movie and if you want dramatic illuminations see something else. And it's by no means a tearjerker. But I mean that in positive ways. It shows two men who love each other and how being afflicted with AIDS is affecting the quality of their every-day lives. It's almost difficult for me to say whether this was a quality film or not because it was so undressed that I had to look for other ways to respond. It's an admirable film actually one of the most admirable sincere documents I've ever seen. These two men have incredible integrity as their lives are reduced to the most basic parts. It makes Hollow-wood productions on AIDS seem hip and heartless. These men made this movie for themselves which is one of the best reasons to create something. The scene where Tom sings "You are My Sunshine" to Mark and tells him goodbye is the real thing.
critique300 Just as a reminder to anyone just now reading the comments on this excellent BBC mini-series published in 1981 it was not available on DVD until the last few years. Since then it has become available but initially only in the British format (for which I bought an 'international' DVD player which you have to hack--illegally I suspect to see it) but the series is now available through amazon.com--3 discs-- for between $19-21 to be viewed on DVD in the US format no hacking. There were 41 reviews average 5 stars. This mini-series is one of the very best on Oppenheimer or the Manhattan Project or virtually anything produced by the BBC.
critique301 This completely forgotten slasher flick is one of the best horror movies ever made.Very dark at times it reminds me a little famous thriller "Deliverance".Director Jeff Lieberman creates terrific atmosphere of dread and despair.All actors are decent and the climax is really exciting and memorable.So if you are searching for something creepytry to find this little treasure.My personal rating:10 out of 10.P.S This one is even more chilling than "Halloween".
critique302 A dying Kung Fu master sends out his last student in order to track down what happened to the previous five students who were members of the banned Poison Clan.He is to see if they are acting for good and if not he his to stop them The master also wants the student to find another member of the clan who ran off with the clans money which the master wants used for good. The earlier students were all taught in a different style snake centipede scorpion lizard toad while the last student was taught a little in each style. All of the students end up in one town looking for the old man with all of the moneyand soon everyone is battling to get the money.<br /><br />Classic martial arts film has title that even many non-fans know. I've spoken with a couple of casual fans and this seems to be the one film that sticks in their head. Its a very good movie though I'm not really sure why this film stays with people when for my money there are other films that are better from the Shaw studio (One armed Swordmen or the Brave Archer series for example). This isn't to sell the film short its not since the film is structured like a mystery our hero has no clue who anyone is and the Venoms themselves only know at best who two of the others is. We're given the identity of four but we still have to work out who the fifth really is. The film is also odd in that for a martial arts film other than a training sequence at the start and the killing of the old man and his family for the money there is really no action for about 40 or 45 minutes. Its a bold move to do it but it pays off since the plot and the performances hold your attention. (The film is also odd in that its the first martial arts film I think I've ever seen where there are no women. I don't think one has a speaking role and I'm pretty sure that none appear in the background. Its indicative of nothing its just something that struck me.) This is a good solid little film that may not live up to the reputation it has in some circles but is still a really good film to curl up with on your couch.<br /><br />Around 7 out of 10.
critique303 This wonderful movie really takes the time to step back and tell the story without words. The end of the movie contains almost no dialogue but what is in the minds of the characters is always perfectly clear. You know the film is not going to have a happy ending but you leave the film feeling hopeful.
critique304 A team of tough rogue New York cops led by the rugged hard-nosed Buddy Manucci (superbly played by the always excellent Roy Scheider) go after a group of nasty mobsters involved in a kidnapping ring after one of their number gets killed by them. Director Philip D'Antoni the producer of "Bullet" and "The French Connection" ably creates a potent gritty starkly amoral no-nonsense tone maintains a steady pace throughout and stages the action scenes with considerable rip-roaring vigor. Don Ellis' rousing string score further pumps up the raw'n'rattling intensity while the scrappy Big Apple locations and Urs Furrer's rough grainy cinematography both greatly enhance the overall grungy realism. Moreover the fine line distinguishing cops from criminals gets chillingly blurred in this picture: the titular squad use harsh brutish and morally dubious strong-arm tactics as a means to an end for enforcing the law and there's certainly no code of honor amongst the thugs and thieves who populate the seedy urban underbelly that's vividly depicted in this movie. Nice supporting performances by Tony Lo Bianco as wormy sniveling snitch Vito Lucia the Undertaker Richard Lynch as vicious psychotic hoodlum Moon Bill Hickman as Moon's equally coldblooded partner Bo Jerry Leon as funky flatfoot Mingo and Joe Spinell as a parking garage attendant. An extremely wild and exciting protracted heart-in-your-throat mondo destructo car chase qualifies as a definite highlight. The climactic shootout likewise delivers the stirring goods. A real bang-up little winner.
critique305 Nicolas Roeg's projects are variable to say the least but are never less than interesting. "Insignificance" is obviously first and foremost an adapted stageplay: it's wordy and pretty-much 'room-bound'. BUT it pays to view this film more than once: the underlying themes are not overtly presented and what's more it takes a while to adjust to the juxtaposition and role-reversals of the four protagonists: Einstein McCarthy Munroe and DiMaggio. <br /><br />Einstein is wracked by guilt over Hiroshima yet fancies the simplicity of a sexual liaison with Munro; Munro is sick of being seen as a bimbo and craves intellectual credence; Senator McCarthy is at the height of his witch-hunting powers but is an impotent sleazebag; DiMaggio is insecure about his celebrity self-obsessed and prone to violence. Each of them contains the seeds of their own destruction. Each character has a troubled abused/abusive past and a questionable future. Gradually we see that obsession itself is the central theme. America's obsession with its postwar cultural icons and mores; the obsessions of the protagonists for something none can have: peace-of-mind and/or happiness.<br /><br />Compared with the theory of relativity a proposed unified-field theory and indeed the cosmos itself all the aspirations and interactions of Roeg's protagonists seem insignificant. Yet these aspects of the physical universe (it's all quantum trust me!) affect us when they are applied to the development of the means to destroy us. Monroe's mention of the principle behind the neutron-bomb (without naming it as such) is not an anachronism per se but can only be understood by a contemporary audience. Indeed ALL the references within the script are only accessible to a knowledgeable viewer: one au fait with '50s occurrences/personality cults and how they affect us in the 21st century.<br /><br />This film and its screenplay are either very very clever or extremely opaque and pretentious. Ultimately however probably insignificant.<br /><br />live long and prosper :) <br /><br />
critique306 Despite having 6 different directors this fantasy hangs together remarkably well.<br /><br />It was filmed in England (nowhere near Morocco) in studios and on a few beaches. At the outbreak of war everything was moved to America and some scenes were filmed in the Grand Canyon.<br /><br />Notable for having one of the corniest lyrics in a song - "I want to be a bandit can't you understand it". It remains a favourite of many people.
critique307 ... Hawk Heaven for lovers of French cinema and by extension French Screen actors/actresses. At its worst it's an indulgence actors getting to bitch about other actors question the validity of acting as a profession at all etc whilst at its best it's a glorious celebration/send-up of some of the finest actors currently working. From a simple premise - Jean-Pierre Marielle's request for water being ignored in a restaurant - Blier spins off in all directions and allows the cream of French cinema to strut their stuff before the camera even throwing in nods to those no longer around (Jean Gabin Lino Ventura) including the Director's father Bernard one of the great stalwarts of French cinema from whom he fields a celestial phone call at the end of the film. Discursive and prolix yes guilty as charged but also something of a guilty pleasure.
critique308 This movie coming from Turkey where you can't find any tradition of horror movies. First I was afraid of watching just an adaptation but after seeing it I have changed my mind. It has original scenario.A love movie using horror thema. Most of the players are not famous young people but their performance is proofing that a new generation is coming. Maybe this is a sign that turkish cinema is coming back after 20 years.
critique309 This film was made thirteen years before I was born but I still think it is the wittiest dottiest most harmless piece of fun ever made. It simply could not go wrong with the cast of superb British character actors it boasts.<br /><br />Where to start? Alastair Sim-peerless; Margaret Rutherford-ditto;the wonderfully alkward innocent Gossage played to perfection by the imperious Joyce Grenfell. The caddish Victor Hyde-Brown (a Guy Middleton special) and the rest of the staff sum up post-war middle-class England to a tee.<br /><br />The humour is sometimes obvious but it is of that special "Ealing" variety and is never offensive.<br /><br />I have watched this film more times than I care to remember and still laugh like a drain at the antics every time. The storming of the dorms occupied by the girls school the magnificently-planned but ultimately doomed twin tours of the school and the chaotic ending involving the arrival of a third school to add to the anarchy are priceless.<br /><br />It's an old clichÃƒÂ© I know but they really do not make them like that anymore. How I wish they did. If you haven't seen it please do you won't be disappointed.
critique310 I'm sorry but "Star Wars Episode 1" did not do any justice to Natalie Portman's talent (and undeniable cuteness). She was entirely underused as Queen Amidala and when she was used her makeup was frighteningly terrible. For "Anywhere But Here" she sheds her god-awful makeup and she acts normally. And not only can she act good she looks good doing it. I'm a bit older than she (she's only 18) and I have little or no chance of meeting her but hey a guy is allowed to dream right?<br /><br />Even though Susan Sarandon does take a good turn in this movie the film belongs entirely to Portman. I've been a watcher of Portman's since "Beautiful Girls" (where she was younger but just as cute). There's big things for her in the future - I can see it.
critique311 I think that there was too much action in the end? Don't you think that too? There was romance adventure that just like told me to put 9 to this movie but action place was too long. I liked Reeve a bit. I didn't understand why did he have to die. I thought that one of the girls gonna die too but my lucky! No one else who I liked didn't die! How about you? What did you liked? I saw the movie twice actually. And after that I bought that too. It was worth it! Who did you liked best (person)?. The book was really really really cool. And the actresses and actors too. Everything was perfect....... What was the song name in the end? Will someone answer my questions too... PLEASE please please?
critique312 This is a collection of documentaries that last 11 minutes 9 seconds and 1 frame from artists all over the world. The documentaries are varied and deal with all sorts of concepts the only thing being shared is 9/11 as a theme (very minor in some cases). Some of the segements are weak while others are very strong; some are political some are not; some are solely about 9/11 some simply use 9/11 as a theme to touch on human feelings emotions and tragedies that are universal; some are mainstream while others are abstract and artistic). This film has not been censored in any fashion by anyone so the thoughts that you see are very raw and powerful.<br /><br />This is a very controversial film especially for conservative Americans. I think two segments might really tick off the right wingers (one from Egypt where a dead American soldier and a dead Palestinian bomber come back as spirits; another from UK which recounts the US-backed overthrow of Chile on Sept 11 1973 which resulted in 50000 deaths and horrible atrocities). The segment from Mexico was the most powerful recounting the fall of the towers and the resulting death in vivid fashion (you have to see it to believe it).<br /><br />Even though the final product is uneven with some segments being almost "pointless" I still recommend this. It's very difficult to rank this film because the segments vary all over the place (some weak some very powerful; ). I'm giving this a rating of 9 out of 10 simply because some segments were excellent and covered issues that usually get censored (Mexico segment UK segment Japan segment Egypt segment).
critique313 The last film in Lucas' saga is a lavish spectacular-looking production. It is often considered the ugly duckling of the original trilogy but I think it is a notch above episode IV (and just a notch below episodes III and V). In fact I think it is the third best film in the 6-part saga. As far as I'm concerned it is still a grandiosely entertaining film. It is not a movie with a beginning climax and ending; the film's mechanism operates with only one goal in its mind: bring closure to Lucas' universe. There is an air of finality attached to the whole thing which makes the film a little too sentimental but emotionally rewarding. Also it is a lot of fun. New characters are introduced and old ones face new unexpected challenges. C3PO and R2D2 provide (as usual) great comic relief. Leia and Solo are a wonderful romantic duo and Luke is still a great character to identify with. Again it is Luke's (and Vader's) inner conflict what gives the saga its backbone. Lucas' aggressive imagination is still very much apparent and the film's themes of loyalty hope and redemption resonate strongly. I'm glad Lucas eventually dropped the idea of making episode VII VIII and IX because this film is a great bookend to a long fascinating and captivating saga. Not a perfect movie but fun in the best matinÃƒÂ©e style.
critique314 Greta Garbo stars in 'Anna Christie' a very early 1930 MGM 'talkie' the first time 'Garbo Talks'. 'Anna Christie' is a powerful movie but not for everyone. The movie is filmed like a stage play short on sets and cinematography long on dialogue and dramatic characterizations. Eugene O'Neil who wrote the play 'Anna Christie' is known for his dark work and Garbo's character Anna Christie is a bleak figure with a tortured past.<br /><br />The sound quality on the DVD was mediocre. Not helping matters is that George F. Marion who plays Anna's estranged dad Chris Christofferson is verbally hard to understand. Marion gives a good performance as the old drunken seamen whoÃ¢Â€Â™s teetering on insanity with his fixation of the evil 'devil sea'. But his dialogue is written with a very heavy Swedish accent this is true to O'Neils original play. Marie Dressler's dialogue as Marthy Owens is equally hard to understand. Dressler believably portrays a broken down old drunken women a 'wharf rat'. Her dialogue also is true to O'Neils original play as is Charles Bickford as the Irish seamen Matt Burke who pursues Anna in a troubled relationship. Garbo is actually the easiest to understand.<br /><br />The films strong point is Greta Garbo. She delivers a gut wrenching performance as the victim of neglect and abuse leading to a life of prostitution. Garbo was a huge star at the time and considered one of the most beautiful women in Hollywood. Here her look isn't glamorous it's tortured. Her body posture nearly doubles over in agony. She scrunches her face to become a pathetic creature on the screen. Garbo conveys these angst-ridden feelings to the viewer to convince us of her misery.<br /><br />This is dark subject matter and Garbo brings it to life. ItÃ¢Â€Â™s not light fare not fun not for everyone. Ã¢Â€Â˜Anna ChristieÃ¢Â€Â™ is strong emotions dredged up from the depths for examination this is one helluva ride.
critique315 This movie started me on a Nick Cage kick. It is a story full of twists and turns- a movie of motives and moves. Of course Dennis Hopper was a ham but J.T. Walsh and Laura Flyyn Boyle are the perfect pair to catch the unsuspecting man who has fallen into their web. Everything about this movie is good - cinematography story pace and most of all the end. Cage excels at what he does best- it's not to be an action hero but to be an everyman caught in the snares of life.
critique316 Welcome to Oakland where the dead come out to play and even the boys in DA hood can't stop them. This low-budget direct-to-video production seems timed to coincide with the release of Land of the Dead the latest installment of George A. Romero's famed zombie series. The ghetto setting and hip-hop soundtrack may provide additional appeal for inner- city gore hounds. Ricky (Carl Washington) works at a medical research facility while raising his kid brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager bored by macaroni-and-cheese dinners in their tract house would rather spend his time hanging with street friends Marco and Kev. Apparently there is not a lot for African-American high-school dropouts to do on this side of the bay except deal drugs and scuffle with the homeys including rival Latino gang bangers. Ricky plans to sell their late parents' house and move inland to the Castro Valley a more middle-class and presumably safer environment. Unfortunately before this can happen a drive-by shooting leaves Jermaine dead on the porch. Grief-stricken Ricky tries a last desperate ploy. He tells Scotty his lab assistant to steal some of the experimental cell regeneration formula they have been testing on rats. When a double dose fails to revive Jermaine there is no choice except to call 911. But a funny thing happens on the way to the morgue. The boy is reanimated as a sputtering growling zombie chews the ambulance drivers and staggers off into the night bent on revenge and hungry for fresh meat. The feeding frenzy infects more victims and before the night is over the East Bay is a battleground between the living and the blood-spattered undead. The horror genre has seen more than its share of cheap movie makers from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Band. But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad films. Consider Val Lewton's programmers (Cat People The Leopard Man Isle of the Dead) Roger Corman's Poe quickies Romero's Night of the Living Dead and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between memorable and awful has more to do with talent and ambition than money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than several hundred million dollars' worth of recent high-priced horrors. Cheapness has its charms. In truly cheap films actors wear their own clothes amid real settings. Here the tract houses have freshly painted walls in neutral matte tones lending a bleakness as oppressive as Douglas Sirk's bourgeois melodramas of the '50s. Lines seem more improvised than scripted. "So what the hell are we gonna do now?" "Just keep your eyes open for any F N' thing that looks out of the ordinary." Ricky and Scotty call their boss who calls an ex-military man named Romero. "I have a huge bitch of a problem that we have to take care of fast." "Not a problem" says the merc closing his phone and grabbing his guns. Everybody has guns and even when fighting zombies they're on their cell phones as who isn't nowadays? Information is exchanged with naturalistic understatement. "What happened?" "We got into it with some crazy motherfockers." "Deja F N' vu. It's that park zombie again. ..." Ricky even has to blow his twitching girlfriend away saying only "She's gotten out of hand." Unlike most zombie movies this one provides a motive for mayhem. Jermaine takes revenge on the gang bangers who shot him who in turn continue the rumble. This is urban film-making that implies its own social commentary a near-guerrilla production suggesting a future for low-budget horror that reflects real life instead of supernatural clichÃƒÂ©s. The brothers Quiroz who have trademarked their name as if in anticipation of a new movement may inspire others to tell stories arising from personal experience rather than imitating tired Hollywood product. Considering their limited resources Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have made a cheap but technically acceptable feature about people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson gets the job done music by Eduardo Quiroz is no simpler than Carpenter's haunting Halloween theme and hip-hop songs by The Darkroom Familia and others add atmosphere. The result is promising if not exactly exhilarating. They are learning their craft and unlike Lewis and Wood who never got any better their next may be one to watch.
critique317 This movie could be likened to "comfort food" for the soul. Anyone who has ever tried and tried to save a relationship could relate to this movie. So many parts of it are so hilarious and so many parts are so heartbreakingly true. It's not perfect in its production or even its dialog but the story is unique which is saying a lot for modern "romantic" comedies. Luke Wilson is bland at best but Heather Graham does an exceptional job in my opinion. Give it a try - despite the trite looking DVD cover.The character of Joline brings a lot of issues up in our culture of self-service. She asks us if commitment is really for the other person or ourselves. Truly it is ourselves. Following through on promises (anywhere from marriage to an errand for a friend) is a great feeling. Anymore our word is nothing but a shapeshifting puff of smoke. Joline is like a wake-up call. We must be conscious of our words and commitments they mean more than we think. At the same time we must not commit to someone who is incapable of doing the same.
critique318 I saw this movie the day it came out last year. Hilarious I thought. Well now it's on video and I saw it again. I love this movie! The things they do are sometimes dumb but that's what makes it my third favorite movie of all time. The special effects are okay but the witty dialog will have you rolling. I'm the kind of person that'll say i'm inspired by this movie so if you like dramas and other stuff avoid. But for all others enjoy! The acting is superb. Hank Azaria is hands down the best (he's neither a commie nor a fruit) followed by Ben Stiller (uh don't correct me. it sickens me) and then William H. Macy delivering his best performance (outshining fargo) Everybody has praised everyone from macy to garafalo but I think Kel Mitchell was pretty good as Invisible Boy. Two problems: The most boring part of the film is the subplot of the romance between Stiller and Claire Forlani and the Casanova parole hearing. Some scenes absolutely advance the story in no way but they're a blast. Kinka and especially the writers tend to drag on a scene untill all it's hilarity is gone but bam they switch and you're ready for more. I swear after seeing this you will be tired from the explosive climax (which I think was pretty cool) The camera is pretty cool also moving at a furious pace with the actors. Also Tom Waits delivers an outstanding performance (he has this kinda cool bad hero coolness to him) and like someone else said the best parts are when the characters show some humanness to them. Captain Amazing is pretty funny (especially his speech to Casanova about his perfect plan-I was rolling) and rush is pretty cool as Casanova. One beef: the funniest comedian ever (eddie izzard) is almost wasted but his heart is in the right place. So all in all a wonderful movie. I give it twenty stars and hope that someday everyone will see the brilliance in the film's best parody the Six Million Dollar Man one. Laughing right now as I think about it. 20/10
critique319 My son Adam (5 years old) is a big Scooby Doo fan. He like this film a lot. He particularly liked when the Loch Ness monster tried to attack Shaggy and Scooby. The vote score is his choice and reflects his love of the characters.<br /><br />Having seen the "Vampire Rock" film first this not surprisingly was very similar as they repeat a well worn basic plot in a different setting.<br /><br />Few adults will come across this without having their own memories of the TV cartoon series and even fewer will watch it without children. You either like this or love it. I loved Scooby Doo for half an hour as a kid I am happy my son loves it I can just about put up with it now.
critique320 Holes is a wonderful film to see. It has good messages in in such as: be a good friend never give up etc. I highly recommend it to anyone. I still say the book is better than the movie but the movie gives the book a run for its money. Also Khleo Thomas plays Zero. That really adds to it!!!! Lol!!!
critique321 I watched this movie once and might watch it again but although Jamie Foxx is good in the movie I feel they could have used a 'less funny' character as Alvin Sanders. Foxx's scenes for instance in the jail when he is confronted by Edgar Clenteen (David Morse) are too funny. David Morse again is a wonderful portrayer of a cop. His tough yet mostly quiet features are perfect for his role. Once again Morse meets Doug Hutchinson (Bristol) in the theater. Morse ends up coming down hard on Hutchinson. They are both perfect for this scenario in each film. I personally love that quality in a film where actors end up in the same situation as a previous film as these two did in The Green Mile. Overall it was a pretty good movie.
critique322 Very good western.This was the first time writer Richard Wilson directed a film also this was a first for Samuel Goldwyn Junior as a producer. It is a pleasure to see a very young and pretty Angie Dickinson as a saloon girl. Robert Mitchum comes to this town dominated by outlaws and is hired as a town tamer but people are worried that he will go too far also about the harm that he will do to the townÃ‚Â´s businesses. There are some similarities in the story with "Warlock" which was made in 1959. This film keeps a very fast and exciting pace it really keeps you on the edge.
critique323 This movie is a mix of a dark comedy and a drama about two guys who worked in a Butcher's shop and wanted to build up their own. When they finally fulfilled that dream they faced a new problem: there were no clients! One day by accident one guy dies in the refrigerator room and a new kind of butcher's business beginsÃ‚Â… They start selling human flesh saying to the clients it's just chickenÃ‚Â… and their business starts to improve: Human flesh sells good! Oh! I forgot to say somethingÃ‚Â… These guys aren't normal! There's really something missing in their brains! <br /><br />The movie has some nice dark humour scenes but it is in my opinion mostly a drama. One that shows us what is inside the head of a psychopath what are his motivations to what he does. I must confess I was a bit surprised with the ending of the movie because I never expected they could make it without been discovered but that's probably because I see too many Hollywood moviesÃ‚Â… What I mean by this is that in Hollywood's cinema we always expect the punishment of the guys which do the "bad things". There's always a morality protecting the "good values" in spite of we all know that in "real life" it doesn't happen this way too many timesÃ‚Â… And I liked this movie mostly because of that because it fits in a kind of cinema which is true frontal without fake moralities and which "see" what is on the other side behind the "conventional morality"Ã‚Â… It just happens in independent cinema (especially in the European)! <br /><br />Besides there're excellent performances by Nikolaj Lie Kass and Mads Mikkelsen (especially the first one) in the roles of the "disturbed guys"Ã‚Â… <br /><br />Very nice Danish film!
critique324 I have seen most of the Tarzan episodes. Certainly the rated X with O'Keeffe & Bo Derek which is totally deplorable.<br /><br />I have seen this version several times since it was originally shown.<br /><br />All the cast had memorable parts great acting the Ape sequences.<br /><br />Last night I viewed same on Spanish station and other than some French dialog all in Spanish.<br /><br />As far as Hudson not wanting Andie's voice he did nothing until the very end. He viewed the dailies and could have hired a dialog coach.<br /><br />It seems silly that a story about apes and a man raised by them all speaking gibberish that Hudson attacked Andie.The story line in the movie was that she was an American cousin. The last time I checked Carolina was in the USA.<br /><br />She was beautiful in movie and her eyes and gorgeous hair alabaster skin mystified all us males. She did not have to resort to Bo's level.<br /><br />She has remained a LADY throughout the rest of her career and should look at this movie (half her life ago)as a starting point. Her performance sincerity made this movie enjoyable believable that a half wild man could ascertain her inner beauty.<br /><br />Great sending point for Sir Richardson he did steal the movie.
critique325 I must have seen this movie about four or five times already and it gets better with each viewing. Suffice it to say: This is the best film I've ever seen. And I think I've seen a lot.<br /><br />But I've always wondered why this film got so shunned in some reviews or ratings. For example take the IMDb Top 250. Why does it rank only at #216 (as of today)? Surely the answer's not in the film itself (because that is nothing but flawless) but in its reception. The film caused controversy in its portrayal of compassion for a convicted murderer and its anti-death penalty attitude. And so obviously the more conservative-minded user probably didn't like the film (as you can see from some of the other comments). So DEAD MAN WALKING gets a ranking that's nothing but ridiculous in relation to its quality. Those people didn't understand what the film wanted to say and maybe they didn't WANT to understand being pro death penalty. So now I get it: It's all political. You're pro death penalty- you don't like (and therefore don't want to hear) what the film has to say.<br /><br />I'm truly sorry there are still so many people out there who simply tune out when a new perspective questions their beliefs.<br /><br />Mr. Robbins your movie's issue split people's opinions. Some reconsidered their point-of-view some simply didn't listen but you made a very important point. Your movie will probably never show up on any "TOP 100 MOVIES OF ALL TIME"-list but it'll be remembered long after films like Braveheart or Babe or Apollo 13 (all of which were unjustly preferred over your film at the Oscars 1996) are forgotten. Congratulations Mr. Robbins and thank you for this important piece of filmmaking.
critique326 This film stands as one of the most amazing examples of compelling and artful film-making I've every seen. Herzog seems to capture the almost transcendent tragedy and beauty of Dieter's story as well as his endearing personal character. By the end of the film I was left wishing that I'd had the opportunity to meet Dieter before his passing.<br /><br />On a technical note the cinematography is intimate and astoundingly beautiful. The narrative is intricately woven with great awareness of the subject and his capacity for reliving and reenacting traumatic events. Few documentary directors have so strong an ability to so thoroughly invest the audience in the character. This film is a must see!!!
critique327 Somehow this movie manages to be invigorating bittersweet and heartwarming at the same time. Stars like Tony Shalhoub (from Providence) bring the tale to life. The story itself is inspiring. We see a desperate up-and-down life through the most innocent eyes imaginable: a bird's.<br /><br />Paulie begins his life as a baby parrot given to a little girl (played by Hallie Eisenberg also known as the Pepsi girl) with a speech impediment. While she learns to speak correctly so does Paulie. However unlike most birds he can speak and understand everything being said. The military father doesn't like the bird so he is sent to a pawn shop and bought by an aging artist Ivy. She teaches him manners etc. while traveling across the country to find Paulie's owner. The movie continues with several twists of fate until Paulie ends up at a laboratory where he is eventually hidden away in a basement and found by a Russian custodian who is touched by the bird's story. the plot is in keeping with the simple metaphorical theme that language is a gift and a curse. I would like to say that the soundtrack is astounding. A beautiful mixture of flute digital base and horns enhance the movie to the point of pure ecstasy. The sweeping camera angles and breathtaking scenery beautify the story even more. And as a final remark the puppetry is entirely believable. (Unlike in star wars where Yoda resembles a Muppet) This film is one of my favorite movies with the added remark that my wonderful parakeet of four years died recently. Overall I give this movie **** out of four stars two thumbs up and a big hug.
critique328 I was a bit surprised to see all of the hate comments on here. Sure it's not the best kid's show but don't people stop despising Barney this much after the fifth grade?<br /><br />Okay everyone hates Barney. Okay I think his voice and songs are annoying. Okay he's kinda creepy and strange. I'm fourteen years old so I know well enough. But here's the thing. Kids? They LOVE this show.<br /><br />When I was a little kiddie of two or three my parents spent more time chasing me around the house than they did anything else. Nothing could hold my attention for more than ten minutes. Face it that's how toddlers are. Even the most patient ones can't sit still long enough to give their parents a break. There's too much to do and see and explore too much trouble to get into.<br /><br />And then came Barney. I don't know exactly what it is about the purple dinosaur that's so amusing to children but they sure do love it. I know I did. I was hooked on the show and wanted to watch it over and over. Yes the songs kind of drove my parents nuts but to be able to watch their kids learning and being excited over something that can really hold their attention span it's worth it. I learned my ABCs and 123's the magic words and brushing your teeth. I'd grown out of it by five or six of course but by that point at least I was a little more patient and gave my parents a break.<br /><br />My nieces and nephew all went through the Barney stage growing up much to their mother's delight. I know what keeps Barney on the air. He entertains. Of course there's Big Bird Ernie and Oscar and they're great too. But at the toddler stage it seems that more kids prefer the big singing dinosaur. And that's enough for me.
critique329 All of the people reviewing this film and probably many professional film reviewers just don't get it. This film was made with matting sequences and art techniques quite like the works of the great Czech filmmaker Karel Zeman. If you want to know what I'm talking about I suggest you get any of Zeman's films such as The Fabulous World of Jules Verne Baron Munchausen Journey to the Beginning of Time or On The Comet. If you are unable to locate a film then read the reviews in AMG. They will explain the processes used. If one were to look at Zeman's work and try to compare it to any of the other sci/fi fantasy films of the time viewers probably wouldn't have gotten it then either. It is unfair to compare either of these filmmakers' styles to the standard technologies of the day because both Zemen and Hines "do not compute". They have a style that is unique to them and should be judged for their creativity only. If you look at this film from a perspective where you KNOW that he intentionally tried to create a pastiche collage of mattes mixed with live action you could easily come to the conclusion that he did a masterful job. It isn't easy making a bunch of computer cutouts flow. I thought that the creatures were also quite good also considering how they were made. Hines took a great gamble and I think his film will not be fairly judged for years to come. Someone promoting the film should have tipped the audience off as to what they would be seeing rather than let them blindly go into the theater expecting the usual CG work. Regarding the actors I think Hines also took a page from Zemen's book in that many of Zemen's actors were somewhat expressionless at first but became much more engaging as the film and action went on. It is totally refreshing to me to have this movie in my library. I will watch it for years to come all three great hours of it.
critique330 Black Water is one of the most tense films I have viewed in a long time. The story moves fast as it follows three tourists (all great actors) into a swamp on a tour with a butch tour guide on a small boat. Soon after dropping anchor in a remote area of the swamp they are flipped over by something huge in the water.<br /><br />Hastily the three manage to make it into a tall tree nearby as they realize that a crocodile has attacked them. Throughout the next two days they have to desperately try to escape from the crocodile's evil watchful eye and he doesn't seem to want to go away. The movie drags just a tad bit but what can you expect from the setting and the limited budget? It's so much better than "Primeval" and other recent crocodile/ underwater predator thrillers. The tension is heavy and all three leads give terrific performances. Truly chilling this movie struck a deep chord of claustrophobic fear in me. Apparently based on true events.
critique331 Late night on BBC1 was on my way to bed but curiosity piqued at a contemporary-set Irish film so I stayed to watch for a few minutes and then stayed to the end. I have to admit that the main attraction was the only English actress Kelly Reilly who is stunning to look at.<br /><br />This is billed as a black comedy which is one of the hardest things to pull off. It should be the perfect blend of horror and horrible laughs so that in the end you don't know why you're laughing - for me Martin Scorsese's After Hours (1985) is the best example. Dead Bodies is more black than comedy but the plot rattles along and spirals down towards further blackness. I didn't spot the final twists in the tale as some other posters here did so I was suitably surprised.<br /><br />As a snapshot of the Irish film industry in 2003 it all seems rather worthy; it doesn't look like they spent too much on the making of it so it had a chance to make its money back. The script could've been a whole lot sharper but the acting was on the whole pretty good. I'm glad I watched it flaws and all tho I don't think I learnt much about Ireland today especially their policing methods!
critique332 A struggling actor finds the best way to break into Hollywood is to start knocking off the competition. But what makes Break a Leg a real gem is the sardonic look into the existence of the struggling (and not so) LA actor. It brings us into that world with effortless irony and wit. It's also got a polished look and very adept direction under Monika Mitchell. Break a Leg is one of those rare independent films that doesn't compromise its production values at any level. The writing is tight the dialogue first rate. Cassini is an actor's actor and the role really shows off his talents. The climactic scene between him and Rene Garcia is an instant classic and may go down as one of the funniest Hollywood scenes of all time. I saw it at an advanced screening and everyone in the audience laughed uncontrollably and raved about it afterwards.
critique333 I am very thankful that the small college town of Abingdon Va.- near Bristol TN. and home of the famous Barter Theatre where Gregory Peck once acted- managed to get an art film festival togather and show this film there. Abingdon is two and a hour hours from where I live but the trip was worth it in every sense of the word. UZAK/DISTANT is an amazing brilliant jarring emotional captivating film. As a Turkish-American this film was not only a testimony as to what life in Turkey is like; but on a larger scale it tells the world of what it is like to be Turkish whether one lives in Istanbul Berlin Montreal New York or Omaha. It may be two hours in length as opposed to five minutes but this is effectively our Bob Marley song. There are so many wonderful scenes in this film. It is very difficult to choose just a random few. But for me one telling scene takes place in a Beyoglu (downtown Istanbul) cinema. The title character played by Mehmet Emin Toprak who sadly died in a car accident shortly after this film's completion follows a very attractive young woman down a staircase to the cinema's main auditorium. She goes into see "Vanilla Sky." As the image of Tom Cruise is reflected from a glass we sense that Turkish men are competing with Tom Cruise for their own women's affections even though Tom Cruise is nowhere to found in Beyoglu. The scenes shot across the Bosphorous shores are also quite revealing as they symbolize the beauty yet desperate empty gulfs which are a painful fact of life in Turkey. In this film the gulf separates lovers and families. A simple empty packet of Samsun (Turkish brand) cigarettes and a dying mouse jump off the screen the way seagulls did in the 1982 Serif Goren-Yilmaz Guney film "Yol." Many of Guney's films including "Yol" "Suru- the Herd" (1978- completed by Zeki Okten) and "Baba-The Father" (1971) have been considered by many to be the best Turkish films ever made. Without Guney's sometimes overblown social-political anger (especially in his last film the 1983 prison drama "Duvar-The Wall") "Distance" captures the essence of Turkish life quite remarkably. This is a crowning achievement for a director who in my view can already be proclaimed as the Turkish equivalent to directors like Tarkovsky Bresson and Ozu. I can't wait to see his other films!
critique334 First of all i am from munich where this movie takes place and believe it or not there are guys like Erkan and Stefan including the silly dialect! I know their comedy show from the beginning and my main fear was that the movie is just an assembling of their already known jokes but it is not! The jokes are evolved through the story and make in their own special way sense. But if you absolutely dislike Erkan und Stefan hands of this movie. Everyone else - it's worth viewing!
critique335 I'd waited for some years before this movie finally got released in England but was in many ways very pleased when I finally saw it. There are a lot of great things to the film for a start the acting. Its not something I have all that much need for in a horror picture but the people in this film all put in fine work. This and the constantly gripping and interesting script with a nice sorta Lovecraftian feel to it give the film a real solid backbone. Add to this the doses of surreal nightmare imagery and occasional gruesome gore and the films a winner. It has my favorite kind of gore too supernatural and splattery. Also the characters of Marcus the angry bodybuilding transsexual and Daisy his mentally retarded lover/plaything are genuinely freakish and unnerving at times and give a far out anything goes sense of morbid grown up craziness which works well with the frequent Freudian overtones. This is one of the most impressive recent horror movies far more shocking or out there than anything Hollywood can produce. My only gripe was that I wanted the ending to be darker in tone but it still works so on the whole I'd really recommend this to serious horror buffs.
critique336 George C. Scott gives his finest and funniest with wonderful drama as well in this Paddy Chayefsky screenplay. Diana Rigg is attractive and quite the complicated young woman. This film veers between tragedy and chaos in a New York hospital of the late 60's with staggering consequences. Barnard Hughes is delightful as always (great stage actor as well).<br /><br />An 8 out of 10. Best performance = George C. Scott. Chayesfsky was a big blow-hard when he put down Vanessa Redgrave at the 1978 Oscar ceremony but he's a good writer. A truly ensemble cast that works wonders down to the smallest role. This won best script at Oscars and Scott was nominated. He should have won for this instead of PATTON the year before (which he was also brilliant in). Seek this out!
critique337 Man with the Screaming Brain certainly isn't a perfect movie but I'm pretty sure it was never meant to be anything more than a star vehicle for Bruce Campbell meaning it works as kind of a summary of his entire career: slapstick sarcasm cheese action and happy endings. Campbell is as a writer uneven--there are lots of things in the story that don't make a great deal of sense (why does the robot suddenly have breasts merely because a female brain has been implanted into it?) and some of the scenes feel like retreads of other better incarnations (the scene in the restaurant where Yegor and William battle for control of William's body is straight out of Evil Dead II). There are however lots of little touches and non-sequiturs that feel rather brilliant such as when William is in the height of his panic and screams at a statue "What are you looking at?!" The movie looks like a Sci-Fi Channel original probably because it was. The acting is actually pretty good. I particularly enjoyed Tamara Gorski as Tatoya; she was ruthless and cunning yes but seemed to have a tragic air about her in certain moments that the story never explored. Ted Raimi handled the standard "bumbling assistant" role admirably enough and Bruce is funny as the arrogant sardonic condescending American jerk. (Now that he's writing his own films you'd think he'd give himself a role that he hasn't been typecast in already.) Man with the Screaming Brain is a bizarre nonsensical B-movie that ought to be enjoyable for anybody who can avoid taking a cinematic experience too seriously.
critique338 It took a loan out film to Columbia for Gene Kelly's home studio MGM to realize his creative talent and give him some control over what he did in his own films. Cover Girl also became Rita Hayworth's signature film for the GIs and their pinup fantasies during World War II.<br /><br />Kelly plays the owner of a small nightclub in Brooklyn where Rita is a featured dancer and Phil Silvers the comic. Of course Kelly does a bit of hoofing himself there.<br /><br />Hayworth comes to the attention of millionaire Otto Kruger when it turns out that Kruger had loved and lost Hayworth's grandmother. In some flashback sequences from the gaslight era Hayworth also plays her own grandmother with Jess Barker playing the young Kruger. You might remember Jess Barker was the husband of that other legendary screen redhead Susan Hayward.<br /><br />Broadway producer Lee Bowman also is attracted to Hayward but he's not interested in nostalgia. He wants her for his Ziegfeld Follies revue and in fact the biggest number of Cover Girl is the title song of the film. It's nicely done in Follies style.<br /><br />Hayworth also gets to sing A Sure Thing in a gaslight era number and in the only song in the show not written by Jerome Kern and Ira Gershwin Hayworth also does an old English music hall number Poor John. When I say sing as everyone knows Rita mouths words. Singing here is done by Nan Wynn.<br /><br />The biggest hit of the show is Long Ago and Far Away which is introduced by Gene Kelly. It was one of the biggest hits of the World War II era and one of the biggest sellers Jerome Kern ever wrote. It happens in fact to be a favorite of an aunt of mine who with my uncle will be celebrating 60 years of marriage this September. Long Ago and Far Away was nominated for Best Song but lost to Swinging on a Star.<br /><br />What really sets Cover Girl apart and what makes it a milestone film for Gene Kelly is the two numbers Put Me to the Test and the Alter Ego number. Harry Cohn decided to do what Louis B. Mayer had refused at MGM to give Kelly creative control of his own material. Kelly later said the alter ego number was one of the hardest things he ever attempted in his career. In it he dances with a pale reflection of himself and the choreography is dazzling and intricate. <br /><br />In fact after one more loan out film Christmas Holiday at Universal Louis B. Mayer never loaned out Gene Kelly for the rest of the time he was at MGM. And he did get creative control from then on.<br /><br />With that dazzling technicolor cinematography and Rita's red hair and Gene Kelly's boundless creativity Cover Girl was and is a classic and will forever be so.
critique339 One of the most provocative films ever with excellent cinematography backed up by Mc Clarens lisp and stunning quote "do you believe in love at first site?".<br /><br />A trace of expressionism was evident in this picture further catapulting the films flawless integrity. Gabby (AKA Joey) played by Eva Longoria clearly loved the movie and role she played so much that she couldn't even be bothered giving it mention in her filmography. Lol.<br /><br />the best part of the movie would have to be without a doubt the heroic rescue by MC clure as he saved the young 'Handicapped' kid with the speech impediment.. Which i may add was acted to perfection! James Cahiil's use of sound effects is unmatched even to this day. The drug bust he performs early in the film is pain stakingly realistic. When i watched this movie for the first time i was so compelled with the intense lack of respect for the Gang Inthused brothers from the Southside gang and the CTM (Cut Throat Mafia). This was by far one of the most encapsulating crevice Cahill has committed to filming.<br /><br />Personally this film holds sentimental value to me and i will be downloading it in the near future. Thats if i can find it anywhere LOL!
critique340 'Nemesis' was the last book to feature Miss Marple written by Agatha Christie (the official final case 'Sleeping Murder' was written in the forties) and I've always had a very soft spot for it. I loved the characters and they are lovingly brought to life in this excellent BBC adaptation with Joan Hickson terrific as ever as Miss Marple.<br /><br />On the whole it is very faithful to the book. A few characters are dropped the first (new) murder is slightly different and a couple of new characters are introduced. Personally I felt that the added character of Lionel Peel was unnecessary and rather irritating. Tour guide Madge was irritating in a different way but often quite amusing. It's largely because of Lionel that I don't award 10 out of 10! The other characters are beautifully done especially Helen Cherry as a dignified Miss Temple and all of the three weird sisters but particularly Margaret Tyzack who gives a towering performance as Clothilde. She threatens to go over the top towards the end but just avoids it. The female bodyguards are good value too and the episode contains one of my favourite Hickson lines...'An Archdeacon?!' <br /><br />This is another relatively early BBC Marple that looks wonderful and is has a gloriously nostalgic feel to it. Highly recommended.
critique341 I liked this movie very much because it is a true story set in the Amazon a part of the world that always has intrigued me. I believe a condensed form of the book was published in "Reader's Digest" soon after the actual event occurred.<br /><br />Because I am a "baby boomer" the character and the actress are my contemporaries and for this reason I related to the film. I also believe the movie is valuable for teaching survival skills if the viewer observes the character's following the streams that lead to the river and to the coastal settlements where she can get help as well as other survival techniques. Most important was her will to survive and to maintain a positive attitude. In conclusion I hope viewers learn something from it in addition seeing it for entertainment.<br /><br />I do wish the movie would be released in VHS and DVD soon as I should like to add it to my video collection. It also should be shown more often on the satellite movie channels.
critique342 The Seven-Ups is a good and engrossing film. It's packed with credible performances by Scheider LaBianco and an effective scary performance by Richard Lynch - although most of the characters are card-board cut-out tough guys. Character development does not evolve at all on the screen. The only thing we know is the good guys are the good guys and the bad guys are bad. Deviating from the crime story norm The Seven-Ups manage to throw Scheider and crew into the middle of a building plot in a unique writing twist. Onsite locations of New York City and an excellent choreographed car chase highlight the film. The only downside of the film is the slightly confusing plot line in the beginning. They give the viewer little evidence that the men being kidnapped are mob related (until later in the film). Had someone blindly started watching the film may be slightly confused on the story. Otherwise The Seven-Ups is a gritty testosterone-filled enjoyable time.
critique343 The War At Home is so good it's become my new favourite show.Me and my neighboors Carly and April watch this together every Sunday and laugh at how true to life it is.I love how everyone is so sarcastic and so worried and they dwell on every little issue.Once someone does something stupid they never live it down and that is soooo how family is.The father always harps on all three kids about every little thing.I love how the parents have no idea how to deal with the kids.It's so true to real family life and the fact that the parents are so overwhelmed and have no clue how to solve their teenagers problems just puts the show over the top.The War At Home is so brutally honestand so true to the world we live in that it has become a milestone for sitcoms to come.This isn't Happy Days or The Brady Bunch this is real life.
critique344 <br /><br />Filmed just after the war this story was made in order to highlight Anglo-American relations after the war. It ended up receiving the honour of being the first Royal Premiere after WWII.<br /><br />Remarkably the film tangles together the Royal Air Force Sigmund Freud Psychology the Founding fathers of America and various others up the long stairs (special effects in its infancy) and beyond the heavenly gates without losing any of its integrity. <br /><br />Although sounding absurd this clever script leads and dances the viewer between heaven and earth with the skill of a mountain goat and a presents a charming ease rarely matched in cinema since. <br /><br />Be prepared to have your heart warmed by this sweet innocent and charming love story. Roger Livesey acts like a man possessed to steal the show!!!! <br /><br />British Cinema should cry when it remembers how good it used to be in those early post war years.<br /><br />
critique345 It's just stories some we wish happen to us some we wish never happen to us all about unfulfilled desire. The locations and nude bodies are beautiful but after the second story all I could think was 'it takes more than just beauty to create a real film'. Then of course the film unfolds. The stories are moving except Sophie Marceau fails to communicate her story in this film. Malkovich plays the story for both of them though. The voiceover fails to link the stories but helps Malkovich to provoke some thought.<br /><br />I'd say it is worth seeing and the best of Antonioni I have seen. Given his age - remarkable!
critique346 The Movie was sub-par but this Television Pilot delivers a great springboard into what has become a Sci-Fi fans Ideal program. The Actors deliver and the special effects (for a television series) are spectacular. Having an intelligent interesting script doesn't hurt either.<br /><br />Stargate SG1 is currently one of my favorite programs.
critique347 Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends they both are the leads in their own respective bands; Anton with The Brian Jonestown Massacre and Courtney with The Dandy Warhols. What's interesting about their friendship is that they are rivals; its a love hate relationship. At times you both hear them praising one another but the next second they are complaining at how stupid and self absorbed they are. While the Dandy Warhols went on the reach commercial success BJM still was stuck in the underground scene; and for good reason why.<br /><br />The focus of Dig! is more towards Anton and the BJM as they have a lot more substance. They are the most dysfunctional band. During gigs they will fight and bash each other. Anton will hit other members if he feels they aren't performing correctly. With the amount of drugs an alcohol they consume fight was always waiting to happen. You know how people go to car races just to see if a huge car crash happens; that's why people would go to their gigs for the fights. <br /><br />Anton is very unstable. Always thinking himself as a music messiah he wants to change music and create a revolution but he could never get out of the underground. He is a very talented musician its amazing how many instruments he can play and with such skill. But his draw back is he cant escape the world he created; a prolific musician stuck in a black hole drugs alcohol and depression. On the other side the Dandy Warhols were having their own troubles. They didn't find much success with their first album and were constantly fighting with their record label. But they found huge success in Europe. But Courtney keeps being sucked back into the world of Anton. Its interesting that both Anton and Courtney both had what the other needed. Courtney always wanted to be musically talented as Anton though Anton wouldn't say it he needed the commercial success that the Dandy's had to make his revolution.<br /><br />Over the seven year course the film crew followed these two bands there is a lot of footage. There is never a dull moment in Dig!. It is constantly moving along as it doesn't have time to slow down as it has to much to say seven years of story telling in the 1h 45mins is a hard job. Ondi Timoner has done a great job of piecing together one of the best music documentaries that makes you always wanting more. Even if you don't like the bands it still deserves viewing; it transcends the music to reveal a great story of a successful failure.<br /><br />You wont be disappointed.
critique348 A May day 1938 when happen a huge rally celebrating Hitler's visit to Rome serves as the backdrop for a love story between Antoniette(Sophia Loren)married to fascist(John Vernon) and Gabriel(Marcello Mastroianni). She's a boring housewife with several sons and he's a unhappy solitary homosexual fired from radio and pursued by the fascists. She's left alone in her home when her spouse must to attend the historical celebration. Then both develop a very enjoyable relationship in spite of their differences. The film is set on the historic meeting Fuher Hitler and Duce Mussolini along with others authorities as Count Ciano and King Victor Manuel III describing the events by a radio-voice in off which sometimes is irritating. <br /><br />It's a romantic drama carried out with sense and sensibility. An unrelentingly passionate romance between two conflicting characters. Magnificent performances from two pros make a splendid movie well worth seeing. Of course Ruggero Macarri and Ettore Scola's sensible screenplay results in ever interesting elaborate and sentimental. Colorful and atmospheric cinematography by Pascualino De Santis. Emotive musical score by Armando Trovajoly with sensitive leitmotif. The film won deservedly Golden Globes 1978 to best Foreign Film.<br /><br />Director Scola's imagination stretches to light up the limited scenarios where are developing the drama. Usually his films take place on a few stages and are semi-theatrical. For example : Ã‚Â¨Le BalÃ‚Â¨(1982) uses a French dance-hall to illustrate the changes in society 2)Ã‚Â¨Nuit of Varennes(1983) a stagecoach is the scenario where meet an unlikely group as Thomas Paine Luis XVI and Marie Antoinette who fled from revolutionary Paris 3) Ã‚Â¨The familyÃ‚Â¨(1987)all take place in the family's grand old Roman flat; and of course 4)Ã‚Â¨Una Giornata ParticulareÃ‚Â¨ or Ã‚Â¨A special dayÃ‚Â¨ where Loren and Mastroianni strikes up a marvelous relationship into their respective apartments and at the flat roof.
critique349 David Lynch usually makes films that resemble puzzles put together the wrong way. They are interesting to look at and think about but they really don't gel in your mind. Perhaps art will always mean the most to its creator.<br /><br />The Straight Story is not a typical David Lynch film. Not that there's anything typical about them anyway. It's an odyssey through rural America. A real life journey Alvin Straight took on a lawn mower to get to his brothers house. He rode 300 miles from Laurens Iowa to Mt. Zion Wisconsin to make amends to his sick brother for past offenses.<br /><br />At the heart of this film is sweet voiced Richard Farnsworth. He brings Alvin Straight right to us in a simple and honest way. The fact that the film is slow paced matches Alvin's slow journey toward realization.<br /><br />Along the way Alvin meets a confused and frightened young girl. She is pregnant and has decided to run away from her situation. After listening to Alvin speak about family she reconsiders.<br /><br />Later Alvin witnesses a distraught woman kill a deer with her car. She complains that she has killed several and leaves. Alvin feels bad but is smart enough to cook up some dear meat that night.<br /><br />Later Alvin's lawn mower loses its brakes and nearly kills him. A nice man and his wife let him stay in their yard while he gets it fixed. They even let him call his sweet but slow daughter nicely played by Sissy Spacek whose haunted by a terrible tragedy in her own past. Alvin insists on paying for the call. The man even offers to drive Alvin to his brothers with pleasure. Alvin declines with thanks.<br /><br />While Alvin waits he also goes off to a bar with a kindly old man as they discuss the harshness of war and the price it took on their souls. Alvin even confesses a fatal mistake he made as a sniper that has forever haunted him.<br /><br />Alvin also encounters two bickering brothers who've repaired his lawn mower. He talks them down in price wisely calling them on their high labor and repair costs. He even helps them to appreciate one another learning from his own mistakes with his brother.<br /><br />The night before Alvin leaves the man's yard he takes his hat off to him. The man tells him it was an honor having him stay and asks Alvin to write to him. This scene is perfect in it's simplicity. It's heartfelt because it's so straight so real.<br /><br />The journey continues and we can't help to get more and more involved with it. We want Alvin to get to his brothers. We want him to make amends. We want to know this world is full of forgiveness.<br /><br />This was Richard Farnsworth at his best. It was his last film and his performance was amazing. You can't help but to understand his pride to listen to his wisdom and to ultimately feel his pain. One becomes as taken with him as the man who offers him his back yard to stay in.<br /><br />If there's justice in the afterlife then Alvin Straight his brother and Richard Farnsworth are together sitting at a bar. I can picture them discussing their lives regrets hopes and joys. As Alvin says in the film "My brother and I used to look up at the stars." Well I know they all are with the best view in the house.
critique350 If my expectations weren't exceeded they were certainly met. "Nancy Drew" works both as a mystery and a comedy. It pays homage to the books it was based on and spoofs them at the same time. The movie starts with a close-up on a book shelf and an animated credit sequence resembling illustrations from the books. It then begins lampooning the books immediately. Writer/director Andrew Fleming seems to realize the idea of a teenage girl regularly breaking up crime rings in a small town is ridiculous so he doesn't treat the idea religiously. He pokes fun at Nancy Drew's ability to do anything such as ace every class in school know which baked treat is perfect for converting any enemy to her side make a bird house with twelve flying buttresses and even perform an emergency tracheotomy at a party. Nancy'd always be in perfect style if she were living in the wholesome 1950's instead of present day L.A. And she carries around a "sleuth kit" complete with fingerprinting dust flashlight compass and magnifying glass. Preposterous of course but I seem to remember the Hardy Boys' access at any given moment to CSI equipment being a little too convenient as well. And if the perky pipsqueak private eye is a little younger than her literary counterpart it's just more comedic exaggeration on the movie's part.<br /><br />The mystery of the movie is handled more seriously. Nancy and her lawyer father move from their small town to Los Angeles where Nancy digs into a cold case involving the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new house decades ago. Nancy searches for clues in some pretty practical ways such as surfing websites like Google and this one and watching old videotapes of the victim's movies. When she does something more out of the ordinary you have to admire the girl's resourcefulness. Emma Roberts an undeniably cute kid plays the pint-sized amateur sleuth beautifully. She makes the too-perfect girl completely lovable if not completely realistic. Tate Donovan is also great as the too-perfect girl's father Carson Drew. He's an ideal father figure without being unrealistically perfect and he shows reasonable concern for his daughter as she gets into danger. Less likable is Max Thierot's take on Ned Nickerson Nancy's boyfriend. I much preferred George O'Hanlon Jr.'s portrayal in the 1970's TV series starring Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew in which Ned was a gawky awkward kid with a little crush on Nancy. The character of Corky (Josh Flitty) a twelve-year old with a crush on Nancy is much less annoying than Max Thierot's Ned. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem appropriately cast as Nancy's gal pals Bess and George but they only make brief cameos at the beginning of the film.<br /><br />Speaking of cameos Chris Kattan (SNL) Eddie Jemison ("Ocean's 13") and Bruce Willis all make surprise guest appearances which just proves you never can guess which movie Bruce Willis will pop up in next.<br /><br />The movie does fail to live up to some potential. It's mentioned early on that the Drews' new house is heavily booby-trapped but Nancy and her father are done with tripping over booby traps a few minutes after that. Also Nancy describes the cold case she's about to investigate as a murder taking place at an extravagant party which should yield plenty of potential murderers but she only encounter a handful of suspects. And while there's some moments of real suspense during Nancy's adventures the solution to the case comes out of nowhere and in the end all possible plot threads are tied up too conveniently and who-cares-who-done-it. Ralph Sall's score adds to the movie's suspense but the contemporary teenybopper songs woven into the soundtrack are lame. Still I really enjoyed this film and while the movie is aimed primarily at tween girls people of any age and gender can enjoy it.
critique351 Natile Portman and Susan Sarandon play off of each other like a symphony in this coming of age story about a young girl who is sentenced to life as the daughter of one of the nuttest women you will ever encounter. Sarandon has this ability call it talent if you will to play some of the most off-beat characters and bring their humanity to forefront of any film she makes. As the mother of this obviously brilliant and muture beyond her years young girl Sarandon alternates between being the mom and being the child with the ease of a ballet dancer. More importantly she does it with strength and flare without stomping all over Portman's portrayal of the daughter. The question is always asked when we deconstruct the film plot who changes? This film is certainly about the daughter but if you look close at the dreams and sacrifices that Mom makes you come to understand that she changes in step with her daughter. I am willing to bet this makes all of us in the audience change also. The hallmark of fine drama
critique352 I discovered this late one night on Turner Classics. I kept saying to myself "I'll turn it off as soon as it stops being funny" but needless to say I watched the whole way through.<br /><br />I am a movie junkie but I had never even HEARD of this movie (or if I did in 1971 I forgot). It's worth watching just for the performance of Goldie Hawn as the tart-tongued ingÃƒÂ©nue. Her acting is a revelation in this movie. Yes the script is sharp and excellent (when was the last time they made a Hollywood comedy with a smart script?) but her acting is extraordinary. I never realized how funny Goldie could be and it makes her later appearances in roles such as Laugh-In and Private Benjamin a little sad. In her later career she is far too over-the-top compared to her minimalist wickedly funny appearance here.<br /><br />It's a pleasure watching the young Matthau the great Bergman and the stellar supporting cast but it's Goldie Hawn that will make this movie worth watching again.
critique353 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique354 Goodbye Mr. Chips is a superbly written and photographed musical version of the classic 1939 film. Aside from Peter O'Toole's wonderfully controlled understated performance as the pedantic schoolmaster who finds love and is changed by it the film contains hundreds of stunning visuals from Grecian ruins to London side streets to an extended countryside montage. The music and lyrics by Leslie Bricusse have been criticized as being dull or not-up-to par for film musicals but they are used to enhance the story rather than tell it. Many songs are used to underscore montages or scenes; the few that don't are relegated to "show biz" numbers. In this manner the songs do not intrude upon this delicate story but heighten what the characters are thinking or feeling. "Where Did My Childhood Go?" "Walk Through the World With Me" and "You and I" are especially effective. An absorbing brilliantly acted directed and written film.
critique355 I recently visited the Magic Kingdom as an adult with my mom her best friend and my adult sister. Disney World is often mistakenly perceived as a place for just children but when you see quality shows like Mickey's Philharmagic you realize that the magic of Disney is for everyone! It was such a great show that we left the theater and turned around and got in line again. And then a third time. It was absolutely breathtaking. I would encourage anyone who goes to Disney World to check out this show which is not just a show but a world wind fun filled ride with Donald as he once again lets his temper get him in trouble!
critique356 Pakeezah is in my mind the greatest achievement of Indian cinema. The film is visually overwhelming but also emotionally breathtaking. The music the songs the sets the costumes the cinematography in fact every creative element is worthy of superlatives.
critique357 So I guess that Bud and Lou just liked to mess with classic stories (although they did have some interesting results). In this case they're baby-sitting a bad boy and Lou tries to read him "Jack and the Beanstalk" but falls asleep and dreams that he's Jack and Bud's the butcher and they climb the beanstalk to rescue the prince and princess from the giant (Buddy Baer).<br /><br />I think that my favorite scene was when Lou was trying to make the giant an omelet and...well I'll let you see what happens. As this was an Abbott and Costello movie they did have a few unnecessary songs but other than that it was pretty funny. For other interpretations of the classic story "Bewitched" and "Gilligan's Island" both had episodes portraying it.
critique358 Witchery is a decent little Euro-Trash horror yarn! David Hasselhoff is pretty damn funny in this one and sadly he's one of the better actors. Linda Blair is downright terrible and the lady who plays Hoff's wife...she is hilariously bad! The plot of this film is ridiculous too. It's got some holes which you can't help but notice but it remains entertaining throughout.<br /><br />The gore in "Witchery" is freaking outstanding. I loved the part where the old bag gets "sucked" into the trash chute and ends up in the chimney to roast! And the part where the lady "gets taken advantage of" by the Devil was pretty damned disturbing. I'd say this one is a must for gorehounds.<br /><br />If you're looking for an overproduced well-acted flick look elsewhere. But if you like old-school style Italian sleaze and over the top gore "Witchery" belongs on your shelf.<br /><br />I'm surprised by the low rating on here! What were you people expecting "The Exorcist?" 7 out of 10 kids.
critique359 This is one of the few films where I consider the film rendition to be an improvement on the original book. The story is clear accessible amusing and interesting and the musical numbers are without a doubt exceptional. I adored the cyclical rendition of 'The old home guard' and the charming 'Portobello Road' a great combination of early animation + real actors techniques which though dated do not detract from the charm of the piece. The background of the Second World War worked well and was not omitted as the film got under way which so often happens in 'evacuee' stories.<br /><br />An often far too underrated film it produces no end to enjoyment for people of all ages. The performances from the actors are exceptionally well done and the entire text is neatly tied together and well designed. Guaranteed to put a smile on your face!
critique360 Gerald (Richard Carlson) and Kitty (Veronica Hurst) have just finished celebrating their engagement announcement in France with family and friends when he receives a letter asking him to visit an ancestral castle located in Scotland. Gerald's uncle reportedly has fallen ill and has requested Gerald the sole heir be present. Gerald goes off to Scotland leaving his future bride behind. A few weeks pass and he doesn't come back. Concerned Kitty sends out telegrams but doesn't hear back from her fiancÃƒÂ©. Four more weeks pass and Kitty finally receives a weird response from Gerald calling off the engagement and telling her to move on with her life. Not ready to give up on her relationship and looking for answers Kitty hops on a plane and decides to pay Gerald a visit. Accompanying her on the trip is her level-headed aunt Edith (Katherine Emery best known for her starring role in the classic chiller ISLE OF THE DEAD). When Kitty and Edith arrive at the MacTeam estate they immediately suspect something strange is afoot. For starters Gerald seems to have aged twenty-years in a matter of weeks. Secondly this once nice and charming guy has turned into a complete jerk who repeatedly demands they leave the castle and never come back. When Edith comes down with a mild cold Kitty uses it as an excuse to stay there to try to get to the bottom of things.<br /><br />Why is Gerald being so cold and cruel to the woman he was just about to marry? Why is Gerald so opposed to having company? Why do the house rules state that guests must be locked inside their bedrooms at night? Why are guests forbidden to enter certain areas of the estate such as Gerald's bedroom and a large hedge maze out back? And what's making those strange dragging noises every night? These are just some of the questions THE MAZE poses. The movie actually does a fine job building up mystery and intrigue. You genuinely become interested in what's going on and patiently await the resolution to explain the weird events that are taking place. And then IT happens... I definitely don't want to ruin the finale of this film because you're better off not knowing but it takes one of the most unbelievable and jaw-droppingly strange turns I've seen in any movie. It's wonderfully ludicrous in a way but it also takes a pretty solid little b/w mystery and sends it straight into Z-Grade schlock territory. And yet this ending seems so out of place you're not likely to forget it once you see it.<br /><br />Despite the ending (or maybe even partially because of the ending) I really enjoyed this odd bird. It's extremely talky and slow moving for the duration of the run time but it managed to keep my interest throughout. Director William Cameron Menzies (who made the much more famous INVADERS FROM MARS the same year) is best known as a two-time Oscar-winning art director and his set designs here are also really interesting. There's almost a silent movie feel at times with model work for some of the exteriors some painted backdrops and sparsely decorated interiors with very high ceilings. As with any good castle set there are also secret passageways and long staircases. This one also throws in a few rubber-bats-on-strings for good measure.<br /><br />A few of the actors are a little stiff and awkward but I liked most of the cast. Hurst is one of those obscure and mostly unknown actresses who unfortunately never seemed to catch on despite being both beautiful and talented. Emery who also gets to play narrator in framing shots at the beginning and end of the film is decent enough as the overly mannered and cautious aunt. My favorite however was Michael Pate as the silver-haired sinister servant who does this hilariously upright zombie walk every time he ascends the stairs. Also on board in smaller roles are Hillary Brooke (who played the title role in the Sherlock Holmes mystery THE WOMAN IN GREEN) and Lilian Bond (Whale's THE OLD DARK HOUSE). Of course Carlson also starred in IT CAME FROM OUTER SPACE CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON and some other horror flicks so you've got yourself a pretty decent cast for genre fans right there. I say check it out!
critique361 Directed by Samuel Fuller who also wrote the screenplay Pickup on South Street is a tough brutal well made film about a pickpocket (Richard Widmark) who inadvertently aquires top-secret microfilm and becomes a target for espionage agents. Also involved are Jean Peters as a tough broad who is used as a courier by her evil ex-lover Richard Kiley. It's film-noir at its best and although the performances are very good its grand character actress Thelma Ritter who steals the movie. As Moe a weary street peddler selling neck ties (and who also sells information) she is terrific in a role that brought her another Oscar nomination. Its amazing that Miss Ritter was nominated six times for an Academy Award and she never won. This should have been the role that copped it for her!
critique362 I saw this film on September 1st 2005 in Indianapolis. I am one of the judges for the Heartland Film Festival that screens films for their Truly Moving Picture Award. A Truly Moving Picture "...explores the human journey by artistically expressing hope and respect for the positive values of life." Heartland gave that award to this film.<br /><br />This is a story of golf in the early part of the 20th century. At that time it was the game of upper class and rich "gentlemen" and working people could only participate by being caddies at country clubs. With this backdrop this based-on-a-true-story unfolds with a young working class boy who takes on the golf establishment and the greatest golfer in the world Harry Vardon.<br /><br />And the story is inspirational. Against all odds Francis Ouimet (played by Shia LaBeouf of "Holes") gets to compete against the greatest golfers of the U.S. and Great Britain at the 1913 U.S. Open. Francis is ill-prepared and has a child for a caddy. (The caddy is hilarious and motivational and steals every scene he appears in.) But despite these handicaps Francis displays courage spirit heroism and humility at this world class event.<br /><br />And we learn a lot about the early years of golf; for example the use of small wooden clubs the layout of the short holes the manual scoreboard the golfers swinging with pipes in their mouths the terrible conditions of the greens and fairways and the play not being canceled even in torrential rain.<br /><br />This film has stunning cinematography and art direction and editing. And with no big movie stars the story is somehow more believable.<br /><br />This adds to the inventory of great sports movies in the vein of "Miracle" and "Remember the Titans."<br /><br />FYI - There is a Truly Moving Pictures web site where there is a listing of past winners going back 70 years.
critique363 I did not like the pretentious and overrated Apocalypse Now. Probably my favorite Vietnam War film is The Deer Hunter. The Deer Hunter focused on one part of the war and then focused on the lives before the war. This movie is essentially Deer Hunter 2. The script is too loose compared to the Deer Hunter. The story is never developed to the point that the audience can truly understand and feel for the characters like the Deerhunter did. The Vietnam flashbacks are not as gripping or involved as the ones in the Deerhunter. This is why I can only give this movie 7 out of 10.<br /><br />However I think that the acting was outstanding. DeNiro and Harris are truly amazing actors. They totally immersed themselves in their characters and expressed the great anguish of two former friends who lost their best friend Bobby in combat. Harris' character is a half-dead alcoholic who hides the guilt that he has in Bobby losing his life trying to save his.<br /><br />I also like the supporting cast. Everyone in the town is part of the movie. The town obviously can't handle Vietnam vets very well. Like many small towns it is all about being quiet humble and minding one's business. Harris' character however can't be any of these things. It is interesting how wars effect people. Some people rebound quickly while others never really recover.
critique364 I think James Cameron might be becoming my favorite director because this is my second review of his movies. Anyway everyone remembers the RMS Titanic. It was big fast and "unsinkable"... until April 1912. It was all over the news and one of the biggest tragedies ever. Well James Cameron decided to make a movie out of it but star two fictional characters to be in the spotlight instead of the ship. Well onto the main review but let me remind you that this is all opinion and zero fact and the only fact that will be present is an event from the film.<br /><br />So our two main characters are Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio) and Rose (Kate Winslet). They're not annoying too much but watch this and you'll find out why they could become annoying ( http://tinyurl.com/ojhoyn ). The main villain I guess is bad luck fate hand of God (no blasphemy intended) or just plain Caledon Hockley (Billy Zane). Combine all of the above and what do you get?! Oh yes! We get a love story on a sinking boat. The supporting characters are the following: My personal favorite Mr. Andrews (Victor Garber)(idk he was so nice) Lovejoy(David Warner) Murdoch(Ewan Stewart) Lightoller (Jonathan Phillips) Captain Smith(Bernard Hill) Molly Brown(Kathy Bates) and many more. We also got the present day treasure hunter Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton). They add something to the story something good. The action in here is awesome especially in the second half the drama as also good. In the end you can have your eyes dropping rainstorms or silent tears. The story is simple and it works. A treasure hunter seeks the Heart of the Ocean and instead finds a drawing of a woman wearing the said diamond. She calls and tells her tale on the RMS Titanic. Two lovers separated by social class and ultimately the fate of the ship. Everything about the story works and there are very few flaws. I give Titanic an 86% awesome
critique365 A sweet-natured young mountain man with a sad past (Henry Thomas) comes upon an abandoned baby girl in the woods and instantly falls in love with her. The town elders generally support him in keeping the child though a local temptress (Cara Seymour) thinks little of the new family. A determined little girl on a long walk and a sinister travelling salesman (David Strathairn at his creepiest) have parallel stories which converge in a fateful way. This is a charming slice-of-life in the Ozarks in the same vein as "Where The Lillies Bloom" & "The Dollmaker". All three were shot on location in those beautiful hills and cover the lives of simple-living -- but not simple-minded -- American folk. A minimum of strong language and brief but pointed violence make this fairly-safe family viewing.
critique366 The movie was actually a romantic drama based on three sisters who had desires to become a famous girl group. In their endeavors the oldest sister meets a drug dealer and street hustler called Satin whom Sister goes after because she believes he is the "big time" who will give her everything she ever thought she wanted out of life. Though he could be accused of killing her he really kills only her spirit and will to live after which she becomes a drug addict and ultimately dies from an overdose. The story isn't about the street life or the Italian mobster who tries to buy Stix off then threatens him it's about how love can overcome even the worst tragedies in life as portrayed in song and style and the character that was the life in the times for young women trying to be "discovered" back then.
critique367 While most movies that pit humans against horrendous extra terrestrials end up being cheap imitations of the 'Aliens' series Pitch Black stands as a fine piece of Sci-Fi and an excellent movie all around. Perhaps my favorite aspect of the film is the lighting. This movie beautifully employs many different colors shades and intensities of light which set the mood and lend a unique feeling to the film itself something different than the 'normal' movie lighting we are generally subjected to. Vin Diesel brings his character to life in an excellent manner skillfully avoiding the routine portrayal of the hardened criminal. After all the film is about Riddick's (Diesel's character) personal journey so thankfully Vin doesn't drop the ball. The remainder of the cast (with the exception of the talented and gorgeous Claudia Black) were unknown to me but all turned in marvelous performances animating the diverse characters with unique quirks and mannerisms. Pitch Black is a perfect example of making a great film with out the resources of an excessive budget. The special effects are more than adequate but at the same time they are by no means the sole focus as in many high budget 'blockbusters'. It's a great movie because it uses Science Fiction as a medium to tell an engaging provoking story rather then telling a mediocre story to use the flash of Science Fiction.
critique368 Marvelous James Stewart Vera Miles vehicle. What makes this historical film dealing with the FBI so good is the family element that is involved during a 35 year career as depicted by Stewart in the film.<br /><br />The film shows a history of the great investigatory agency. It deals with airplane bomb plots killing off of Indians in Oklahoma for real estate gain fighting organized crime Nazis and Communists in that order. The human element is never far behind as Stewart weds Vera Miles. They raise 3 children as Miles' heart goes out each time Stewart goes out on assignment.<br /><br />Look for a brief but memorable performance by Murray Hamilton. Years later he appeared as Mr. Robinson in 1967's "The Graduate."<br /><br />The film has nothing but praise for J. Edgar Hoover. He certainly brought the FBI up to par.<br /><br />True this could be viewed as right-wing propaganda especially with Stewart's real-life Republican views but it's well done historically informative and the view of the family so well depicted.
critique369 Bear in mind any film (let alone documentary) which asserts any kind of truth will generate an adverse and proportional amount of cynicism from those to whom any suggestion of and or search for truths is already meaningless those of you who are already Masters of psychology film and captains of the soul will no doubt find this movie redundant after all you already know everything there is to know. Congrats.<br /><br />For those of us in the minority like myself I found "The Perverts Guide To Cinmea"....mostly brilliant and worth watching for those interested in movies psychology and modern philosophy.<br /><br />A little like Scott Mclouds' "Understanding Comics" director Sophie Fiennes inter-grates Slovene philosopher psychologist and social critic Slavoj Zizek right into many of the films and specif scenes he discusses. The cover is an image from "The Birds"(Zizek takes a boat out to re-create the shot).<br /><br />Lacanian Psycho-analysis does not necessarily scream an evening of great fun...but it is! If you like movies that is.... Having some knowledge of Lacanian psycho-analysis helps (Symbolic Real and Imaginary) are terms which get thrown around a little loosely at first but the scenes which Zizek selects and analyze make remarkably clear what was always for me a very abstract subject. In fact it's probably better to have a familiarity with the films he's discussing than with the terminology he uses which becomes clearer as the film goes on.<br /><br />Why I love this film isn't because it picks great films to analyze or reveals great truths about Lacan but shows in a very practical and clever manner where film and psychology (and by default philosophy) meet.<br /><br />Why is "The Sound Of Music" kinda fascistic why is "Short Cuts" about more than just class and alienation why do the birds attack in "The Birds" what is there to learn about the mind from "Alien Resurrection" what does the planet of "Solaris" want what does "Psycho" and "The Marx Brothers" have to do with each other and what the hell is David Lynch getting across in movie after movie...well Zizek has some ideas.<br /><br />The role of the voice in both "The Excorcist" and "Star Wars: Revenge Of The Sith" is maybe the movies strongest and most lucid moment when he gets into feminine sexual subjectivity I begin to wonder...at one point Zizek admits his feeling that flowers are a kind of decorative vagina dentatta that they are disgusting and should be hidden from children (jokingly it seems but...).<br /><br />Anyway it's a fascinating documentary which anyone who has ever seen a movie and thought it meant something more than was literally stated should make an attempt to see.<br /><br />And anyone interested in Slavoj Zizek this is a must as well much less dry than "Reality Of The Virtual" and more direct than "Zizek!" two other pseudo-docs about "the Elvis of contemporary cultural criticism" as he is being dubbed in the English speaking world.<br /><br />"The Perverts Guide To Cinema" is NOT about the role of sex in cinema. Zizek claims cinema is the ultimate pervert art because it teaches "how to desire and not what to desire" and that it is the only contemporary art form that can allow for these desires to be articulated. This is not a film about finding the reality in cinema it's about finding the cinema in reality and how important and exciting that can be. Hard to find and a bit long but well worth the trouble one of the most "stimulating" movie watching experiences I've ever had.
critique370 I saw this at the London Film Festival last night apparently the shorter version. James McNally's summary of the content of the film is very good. Nossiter very deftly blends his investigation of the wine business into wider concerns about globalisation homogenisation the effect of the mass media the power of capital and the need for diversity.<br /><br />The film is shot on hand-held DV which some might find offputting but which does enable Nossiter to catch people off guard on a number of occasions which probably would not have been possible using more conventional equipment.<br /><br />Despite the sprawling feel of the film the editing is very sharp not only giving us a parade of the world's dogs but also undercutting a number of interviewees' comments with somewhat contradictory visual images and giving others sufficient rope to hang themselves. To a degree this evoked Michael Moore's recent work (although Nossiter operates in a more subtle way) but probably the roots of the film go back to Marcel Ophuls' "The Sorrow and the Pity" both in the way the film is constructed and in the emergence of 'salt of the earth' French peasants as the stars. De Montille pere et fils were present at the LFF screening and answered questions afterwards. We do indeed all need a little disorder - bravo Hubert!<br /><br />Overall an excellent film with implications that go way beyond the world of wine into the way we construct ourselves as people and organise our world.
critique371 Not only is this a very interesting exploration of Tourette's and how we react to people in our lives it has some of the most well-filmed views of a bleak northern winter landscape. There's nothing pretty about this film but it stays with the viewer.
critique372 OK the other reviewers have pretty much covered the main points of this great little gem i.e. the story started out in life as material for Buster Keaton's silent classic "7 Chances". Comedy or acting in any genre for that much is merely interpreting a scene and lines that someone else has written and performed before if it's not a totally original creation. Here we have The Stooges essentially doing material that was written and performed by someone else and yet for a low budget short time span of a film they're handling things just fine. Regardless of what the credits say on their films real "stooge-philes" know that they had a lot of input on lines and direction. They took their work as seriously as a surgeon does a vital operation. Words spoken by Emil Sitka himself during a documentary about the boys. Here what appears to be their usual anarchy over something so simple as getting married is actually organized chaos. Every line is perfectly timed with a related physical action. How many comedians are around today that can claim such mastery? Most obviously the Seinfeld crew but none others that I've seen in the last 35 years of watching TV. The critics will always "pooh pooh" The Stooges or Laurel & Hardy and others but then again...who ever remembers the critic's names or what they said? Simply watch laugh and enjoy!
critique373 This film immediately catches the eye with the atmospheric aerial views of a very pretty Hong Hong. Filmed in those rich colours of 1950 films which modern blockbusters never seem to capture. Probably a sign of those times because this is not a high powered seen it all before film full of havoc and violence. The havoc and violence are there though in the backdrop with thousands of refugees trying to get out of China This is a very moving and compelling story full of hope and love in a tragic time in recent history. The story of two people from different cultures falling in love. And the build up to them trying to overcome this is the heart of this very fine and moving film.
critique374 Simon Pegg plays a rude crude and often out of control celebrity journalist who is brought from England to work for a big American magazine. Of course his winning ways create all sorts of complications. Amusing fact based comedy that co stars Kristen Dunst (looking rather grown up) Danny Huston and Jeff Bridges. It works primarily because we like Simon Pegg despite his bad behavior. We completely understand why Kristen Dunst continues to talk to him despite his frequent screw ups. I liked the film. Its not the be all and end all but it was a nice way to cap off an evening of sitting on the couch watching movies.<br /><br />7 out of 10
critique375 Adam (Eric Jungmann) and obnoxious best friend Harley (Justin Urich) are driving cross country to a wedding. Along the way they pick up sexy hitchhiker Sarah (Aimee Brooks). Then for no reason a monster truck keeps trying to run them off the road...and maybe kill them. Who is doing this and why?<br /><br />Pretty good horror film. Its energetic and full of flashy direction which gets you right into the action. It's also a horror comedy. Most of the humor is infantile and REALLY gross but actually somewhat funny. Also this movie really piles on the gore at times--but that's a GOOD thing! The acting is OK--Jungmann overplays his nerd role a bit much; Urich is stuck with the hopeless role of the foul-mouthed sex-obsessed best friend--but pulls it off; Brooks is good too in a limited role.<br /><br />BUT I could see the "twist" ending coming long before it happened and logic totally disappears at the end (especially the rescue). Still this is a gory sometimes funny and sometimes scary horror movie. I give it a 7.
critique376 Films such as Chocolat Beau Travail and others have propelled French director Claire Denis into the top echelon of the world's most unique and accomplished filmmakers and her 2004 film The Intruder (L'Intrus) adds to the depth of her portfolio. A cinematic poem that conveys a mood of abiding loneliness and loss the film provides a glimpse into the psyche of a man who is deteriorating physically and mentally and who travels to various parts of the globe seeking redemption and peace but finds it hard to come by. Loosely based on Jean-Luc Nancy's memoir of a heart transplant The Intruder is a film of such unrelenting opaqueness that even after two viewings it is difficult to describe it in other than subjective impressionistic terms.<br /><br />Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a man in his seventies who is likely dying of a heart condition and who like the professor in Ingmar Bergman's Wild Strawberries attempts to come to terms with the mistakes of his life while he has time. It is clear that he is physically rugged and very wealthy but seems emotionally drained and the look on his face is one of quiet resignation. Though we see only one episode of violence where he gets out of bed in the middle of night to kill an intruder there is a sinister sense about him. He might be an intelligence officer a foreign agent or a hit man.<br /><br />Whatever the case he apparently is under some kind of surveillance and acts like a man that has been involved in criminal wrongdoing and is only now able to see the consequences. Facial close-ups throughout the movie create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a cabin in the Jura Mountains near the French-Swiss border and has an estranged son Sidney (Gregoire Collin) whom he has long neglected. Sidney lives nearby with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In one telling scene he meets up with his father on the street and calls him a lunatic but that does not prevent him from taking his money.<br /><br />When the film opens we meet Antoinette a Swiss border guard who boards a van with a trained dog to sniff out some contraband. When she comes home she is greeted by her husband who asks her with tongue-in-cheek if she has "anything to declare?" Other than these three individuals the people and circumstances we see during the rest of the film may exist only in Louis' imagination. Louis has three women in his life and we meet them all in the film's first half hour: a pharmacist (Bambou) who prepares his medication a neighbor (BÃƒÂ©atrice Dalle) who is a dog breeder who refuses to care for his dogs when he goes away on a trip telling him that they are as crazy as he is and a young Russian organ dealer (Katia Golubeva) who he tells he wants a "young man's heart".<br /><br />Relentlessly she stalks him throughout the film but it is apparently only in his mind. In the last section of the film Louis travels to South Korea in search of a heart transplant and to Tahiti to deliver a gift to a different son one whom he has not seen for many years or perhaps has never seen. His heart transplant however appears to be a metaphor for a man without a heart a man whose life has been fascinating but ultimately directionless intruding into other people's lives with little real empathy. The Intruder contains a haunting guitar soundtrack by Stuart Staples of the band Tindersticks reminiscent of the guitar riff in Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man and gorgeous cinematography by Denis regular Agnes Godard.<br /><br />Godard creates memorable images that convey a mood of longing and regret: a heart beating alone in the snow an infant in a sling looking up at his father for a good two minutes the baby's expression gradually turning from morose to a half smile colored streamers blowing from a newly christened ship a massage in a dark room by a mysterious Korean masseuse and the vast expanse of ocean seen from a bobbing ship deck. While The Intruder can be frustrating because of its elliptical nature Denis forces us to respond out of our own experience to understand the images on the screen on a very personal level. If there is any theme a hint might be found in the opening that tells us what is revealed piecemeal in the film - "your worst enemies are hiding in the shadow in your heart."
critique377 For many years Samuel Goldwin tried to bring his friend Jascha Heifetz to the screen. One evening when Goldwyn and his wife Frances were having dinner with Heifetz and his wife silent screen star Florence Vidor Goldwyn proposed that Heifetz star in a movie. After some persuasion Heifetz agreed on the condition that his acting be kept to a minimum. And the movie originally titled "Music School" was born.<br /><br />The story itself is rather stock: A streetwise boy (Gene Reynolds who is best known as the producer of "M*A*S*H") runs away from home and ends up at a financially troubled music school run by Professor Lawson (Walter Brennan). While attempting to raise funds for the school the boy and some other kids happen across Heifetz at Carnegie Hall. After much ado Heifetz ends up appearing at the school concert and sponsoring the school. <br /><br />The story while predictableis surprisingly well written although the film contains several minor gaffes where different scenes were patched together the most obvious being the young cellist who is sent out of the orchestra room on an errand and is seen sitting in the orchestra a few seconds later.<br /><br />What is not surprising is how good the acting is. As was customary for studios then the studio surrounded the inexperienced star with veteran talent: Brennan Joel McCrea Andrea Leeds Porter Hall Marjorie Main (later of Ma and Pa Kettle fame) Arthur Hohl Paul Harvey and a Who's Who of character actors. Actress Diana Lynn and singer/actress Kaye Connor made their (uncredited) debuts in this film as did longtime Nelson Eddy singing partner Gale Sherwood (as Jacqueline Nash). Child veteran actors Reynolds Walter Tetley and Terry Kilburn also appear.<br /><br />Goldwyn hired the Peter Meremblum Symphony a highly regarded youth orchestra from the Los Angeles Area to appear in the film. Most of the kids in the orchestra weren't actors but they were excellent musicians as good as professionals (which many of them later became). Many of the kids in the orchestra went on to noteworthy careers: Kaye Connor and Diana Lynn both starred in the theater and movies Richard Berres was a producer and director Mitchell Lurie founded a well-known music supply company Elliott Rapaport went on to be a prominent cardiologist Lewis Elias was a band leader Thomas Facey a conductor with different symphonies Channing Robbins a prominent instructor at the Julliard School his sister Joyce Robbins an instructor witn SUNY Stonybrook and many of the kids in the orchestra pursued musical careers with major symphony orchestras.<br /><br />While Heifetz's acting was kept to a minimum his salary wasn't. He commanded $70000 for seven weeks. When some scenes had to be re-shot at a later date he got an additional $50000 for another four weeks. What thankfully wasn't kept to a minimum was his musical output. Composer Alfred Neumann (who was once a Meremblum Orchestra conductor) handled the scoring. Heifetz performs the "Introductionne and Rondo Capriccioso" by Camille Saint-Saens his own arrangement of Manuel Ponce's "Estrellita" (with an off-screen Teddy Saidenberg accompanying) Dinicu's devilishly difficult "Hora Staccato" (from a Vitaphone recording with Emanuel Bay at the piano) an excerpt from Tchaikovsky's "Melody" an excerpt arranged for violin solo from Tchaikovsky's well-known "Adante Cantabile" from his opus 11 string quartet (played during the opening credits at the beginning of the movie) and the final movement from Felix Mendelssohn-Barthody's E Minor Violin Concerto. During all of these performances there are many closeups of Heifetz's performing including some very close shots of his fingering and bowing something that would be of value to violinists desiring to study his technique.<br /><br />The Meremblum orchestra also shines here performing the arias "Caro Nome" by Verdi and "Casta Diva" by Bellini (both with Sherwood singing ) an arrangement of the overture from Rossini's "Barber of Seville" a short excerpt from Mozart's "Eine Kleine Nachtmusik" and the previously-mentioned Mendelssohn concerto (with Heifetz). Diana Lynn can be heard in the background of one scene performing part of Chopin's Nocturne in B-flat Minor and a five year old Mary Ruth performs Chopin's popular "Minute" Waltz.<br /><br />All in all this is an excellent movie. AMC showed this regularly up until early 1992. I haven't seen it on television in recent years but copies of it are not difficult to obtain. If you have the chance I highly recommend that you view the movie.
critique378 This movie was release when I was 15 and I could easily relate to the themes the film portrayed.<br /><br />That was over 24 years ago and I haven't seen the movie since. This time around I cringed at some of the acting but still appreciate the film for what it is.<br /><br />Life is not always fair and the good guys don't always win in fact I think the movie did well to reflect that especially as a teenager the pricks always did better with a lot of girls. Also it doesn't matter how nice you are you cannot make someone like you. Girls/boys like who they want to like no matter how hard you try otherwise. Sometimes you just gotta let go and say next.<br /><br />Gary does a good job showing the intensity of his feelings for Karen. This is so true of teenagers when they get fixated on someone.<br /><br />I remember sitting around with mates laughing our arses off at some of the antics. The acting is not quite there compared with Fast Times at Ridgemount High but it kicks ass over this movie simply because FTARH has a lame viewer friendly ending where as this movie has a realistic ending. Nice guys finish last!! Gary comes across as pretty lame cringe worthy material but we all know guys like this who are far to sensitive. We all know a David fun guy who makes you laugh.<br /><br />Some people on here bag the ending but hello the ending is exactly what can happen in real life. Some chicks just go back for more no matter how bad the dude treats them especially at that age. I have experienced that first hand.<br /><br />Great sound track too!! U2 "I will follow" - Jesus is it that old??
critique379 Why did it sound like the husband kept calling her Appy ? It ruined a great episode and so I can only give it a 6. Proper grammar and pronunciation are essential to a film.<br /><br />It was very Hellraiser what with all the skin ripping though I dunno how anyone can survive without skin the skin is a vital organ to the body the biggest organ actually and without we would die. The more a horror film is true the more creepy it can be and more entertaining.<br /><br />I do admit though that the stories from the great horror directors are very disappointing and very mediocre. <br /><br />6/10 come on Yankies get your English up to par !
critique380 Sometimes good things happen by accident.<br /><br />I'd never heard of "Silverwing" until late 2005--I was flipping channels and happened to see something on Toon Disney with bats in a sawmill being attacked by owls. I had no idea what it was but I was motivated to stay tuned--it was hard waiting for a commercial so I could find out what it was called!<br /><br />Part of what intrigued me was the looks of the bats--first of all they didn't use the popular convention of giving the bats "extra fingers" where their thumb claws are supposed to be. Rather they have palms like human hands but the fingers are longer and have webs of skin between them.<br /><br />Also the faces--they look like human beings (in fact at one point I wondered if they had once been human but were transformed INTO bats). Ordinarily I don't like this in cartoon animals but it worked here--the story is a human story even though it's about bats and other animals (not unlike The Lion King).<br /><br />What I saw on TV were the last two parts of the "trilogy." I'd missed the very beginning of the first one "Towers of Fire" (the second overall) but for the most part I saw all of each of them. However I found myself wanting to understand what was going on since the first part hadn't been on and I wouldn't have caught it anyway.<br /><br />But I saw that it was based on a book by Kenneth Oppel. How fortunate that I paid attention and wrote it down--I was very disappointed when I learned that the series WASN'T AVAILABLE! It wasn't even that recently made that it made sense for it not to be available yet.<br /><br />However I did find not only the book Silverwing but also the two sequels Sunwing and Firewing. When I read the first book I was left wondering "Is that it?" Not only because a lot of what's in the series isn't in that book but even had I not seen the animated version the book Silverwing (otherwise a good story) doesn't end so much as it stops. Only one loose end is tied up--Shade and Marina meet the Silverwing colony at Hibernaculum.<br /><br />In fact Silverwing and Sunwing should have (in my opinion) been published in a single volume because they make for a complete story together but not separately.<br /><br />Actually the animated version takes some elements from Sunwing (e. g. Orestes the lifting of the ban from seeing the sun) and some were completely original. It's not perfect but it's definitely very enjoyable. I enjoy both versions of the Silverwing saga.<br /><br />Which is why I'm glad it's finally going to be available in June. It was a long time coming and it's well worth the wait.
critique381 This movie is the most moving and funny movie I've seen in a very long time. As a housewife ( "homemaker") and a fan ( Rupert) I found it to be sympathetic . Anyone who misinterprets Dirk's angry outburst has it wrong. Kathy Bates is not really an actress I know but she is perfect  the whole cast is perfect for their roles. Julie Andrews had me in stitches .I am watching it after reading Rupert's auto-biography so the inclusion of her was even more fun. It is at times terribly moving .I am not really a fan of the type of music in the film but you get drawn in to the romance and find you are singing the songs for days .This movie deserves to be more widely available .Our favourite scene involves Dirk and a gun and his trousers  watch it and see !
critique382 Cute Movie feel good movie I had never heard of this movie but ran across it while looking for something to rent. I had high hopes for this movie based purely on Flex being in this movie. I have never seen him in anything not worth while. True to form this movie delivered for me. I enjoyed the story. The movie is full of great actors and actresses. The hilarious Tasha Smith Essence Atkins and of course Tangi Miller. I really liked this movie a lot. I didn't give it five stars because it did not discuss certain issues that I thought the movie should have detailed. The issue was apparently resolved but I would have appreciated a discussion resolving the issues. I liked the movie so much that I am now buying the movie after I've already rented and watched it.
critique383 His choice of films the basic 'conceit' of the production (which places him in the sets or simulacra of the films he is commenting on ) and his delivery are brilliant! But if you want Freud be aware that you're getting Zizek's version of Lacan which should not be confused with Lacan himself. As usual Zizek delivers complex ideas with gusto and in a convincing manner. The rub is he is also quite mercurial and so there may be more in his gusto than in actual content. Cinematically it is a gem. Psychologically this will have people of all persuasions (Freudians Lacanians and Jungians) scratching their heads but reaching for the popcorn all the same. Zizek is a phenomenon and pop icon unto himself.
critique384 For the record I am a Curly fan through and through. But I do have to say that in reality Shemp wasn't really that bad. Yeah he might have lacked the same kind of slapstick that Curly had but in his own way he was hilarious. At least he wasn't as bad as Joe Besser.<br /><br />In BRIDELESS GROOM Shemp plays a music professor (Stooge? A professor? Yeah right) who recently inherited a half million dollars from a dead uncle and Moe & Larry have to prepare him to marry a woman by six o'clock that night or no money.<br /><br />This was one of the Stooges' first skit with Shemp before they started recycling their material. Perhaps it isn't surprising that Shemp was part of the Stooges before Curly came into the picture so he seemed natural at this. The slapstick gags are hilarious especially this one scene with Moe and Shemp in a phone booth. Essential Stooge short to be honest.
critique385 After Mrs and Mr. Iyer this is yet another very good film by Aparna sen(mostly in English). In the earlier film she treated a contemporary political environment and its effect on individuals. In this film it is the impact of mentally disabled member of the family and its impact on the family. As a parallel sub theme she treats a philosophical concept on "reality". It is a film which leads to thinking after seeing the film.<br /><br />Mithee the younger sister (Konkana Sen Sharma the daughter of Aparna Sen) is suffering from Schizophrenia being taken care of by the dominant elder sister Anjali (Shabana Azmi) . Mithee after her marriage with Jojo and separation from him believes that she is still with JOJO and her five children in 15 Park avenue in Kolkotta.(there is no such address in Kolkotta-it seems there is one in New York) and she is intense in her belief. It is almost like an intense religious belief. Ultimately what is reality? In one scene she tells Anjali "if I tell you that you are not a professor but only imagine that you are a professor". The open ending reflects this reality. In a supposedly search for her home in park avenue Mithee is lost. The penultimate scene is Mithee looking at a group of five children playing and her looking at them with joy of returning to her family and then she is lost. About this concept of reality I am reminded of another film of fifties called HARRY with James Stewart. The protagonist believes that a big sized rabbit (?) called Harry is always with him and he is always conversing with him. At the end even the doctor believes perhaps there is Harry. What is reality is it what the protagonist believes or what other believe Shabhna Azmi dominates the film with her sterling performance as the strong elder sister with undercurrent of frustration. Konkana Sen Sharma gives equally befitting performance as the schizophrenic.<br /><br />Yet the film is not as tight as Mrs and Mr. Iyer. There appear to be some loose ends. And perhaps there are too many characters. Those who want a closed ending may not appreciate the open ending here. But the ending befits the theme of the film.<br /><br />Yet another good film by Aparana sen.
critique386 I saw the film at the Nashville Film Festival. It was beautifully done from cinematography to the acting. It's the story of a father and son and how they come to appreciate each other during a family crisis. Beautifully written with dialog that never rings false the film showcases the acting talents of Paul Reiser and Peter Falk among others in this outstanding cast. The film begins with the aging father (Peter Falk)is trying to figure out why his wife (Olympia Dukakis) has left him. The father presents himself unannounced on the doorstep of his son and daughter-in-law. The father and son take off the next day to look at some property and end up taking a classic road trip. They fish play pool watch a baseball game get drunk get involved in a barroom brawl and dance with strange women. But more important they each confront the unspoken tensions that can affect any family. It's the kind of film that touches the heart and makes one appreciate those who are closest to them.
critique387 A demon from a tree removes itself in the form of a human man to make love to a young fair maiden only for her to die. The demon's eyes freeze two drops of blood fall onto a bed he had specially created for his object of desire. The bed consumes the blood and it's hunger remains..anything that comes in contact with the bed is consumed! This is explained to us by one of the bed's victims a painter whose soul is trapped "inside" one of his last works the artistic rendering of the his final resting place(..he was dying of consumption coughing up blood deciding to die on the death bed). You see the painter who we are able to see as if he were trapped in a small room looking through his painting unfortunately a spectator to the bed's meals. The bed has a dark sense of humor and we see this through it's allowing the painter to live even giving him jewelry and other possessions once owned by eaten victims. One victim's skull grows bright red flowers not far from the basement housing the bed. The film features three young women who come across the mansion which holds the basement containing the death bed. The painter(Dave Marsh)might just have a method to destroying the death bed but it will include a human sacrifice in order to resurrect the body of the one whose death caused it's hunger in the first place. Patrick Spence-Thomas provides the soft depressing voice of the trapped painter narrating the film lamenting about his current situation telling us about past victims and often scolding the bed of it's predatory nature.<br /><br />A definitive genuine cult film..I expect it's status to soar now that DEATH BED:THE BED THAT EATS has found it's way to an audience(..such as myself)who appreciates the bizarre and grotesque. The bed itself contains a liquid type of acid with an apple-cider hue where we see the objects and humans(..struggling for naught) consumed. Many might recognize a young William Russ(BOY MEETS WORLD THE UNHOLY)in curls seeking after his runaway sister finding her in the basement zombie-like and traumatized(..of course Julie Ritter pretty much was this way the whole film in a trance barely uttering a word)with them both trapped. In one of the film's most demented scenes Russ attempts to stab the bed only for his hands to get caught in it's grip the flesh acidified with only skeletal bones remaining the cartilage deteriorating. There's one lengthly attempted escape by a victim whose legs were caught in the bed almost out of the basement when it's sheets snatched her back into it's belly where she belonged. The film feels almost completely surreal as if we were watching a macabre nightmare unfold. Director George Barry often features gags regarding the victims who find themselves in the most unfortunate position choosing the death bed as their place of refuge..the painter gives us a recollection of all the various people who were eaten. There's really nothing like this movie anywhere it's definitely one of a kind.
critique388 The "Amazing Mr. Williams" stars Melvyn Douglas who did five films in 1939 one of which was Ninotchka with Garbo. His co-star was Joan Blondell (Maxine) who ALSO did five films that year THREE of which they made together! Douglas is Lt. Williams and he and his co-horts are presented with a dead body and they must figure out what really happened. Viewers will recognize his co-workers - the actors (Clarence Kolb Donald MacBride Don Beddoe) always played positions of authority... senators bank presidents policemen. This who-dunnit has a flair of comedy to it -- the policemen are always throwing jabs at each other and even Williams and his girlfriend are battling verbally. Some fun gags - Williams even takes the man they arrested along on a date with his girlfriend. There's a lot of fun stuff in here so get past the slow beginning and wait for the funnier stuff later on. Don't want to give away any spoilers so you'll have to catch it on Turner Classic Movies. Director Alexander Hall made mostly comedies and was reportedly engaged to Lucy at some point.
critique389 The Good Thing about this movie: The concept is interesting and there are some funny scenes. It also makes you think of those little things in life that could greatly affect the life of someone else without you ever knowing. Its a small world and this little movie shows us.<br /><br />The Bad Thing:There are too many characters and its hard to tell who the main character is but its still a great movie.<br /><br />Its a great movie and many people compare it to Magnolia which I haven't seen.<br /><br />8/10<br /><br />Not Rated---I would rate it PG-13 for brief violencesome language and sexual situations.
critique390 .....and it's a good one too. In fact this may be one of the best studies of sexual repression ever made. It's extremely well-acted and has some downright chilling moments. An often overlooked film in Clint Eastwood's filmography and atypical of him to be sure but if you're willing to accept him in such an ambiguous role it's certainly very gripping. (***)
critique391 Every once in a while you stumble across a movie that takes you by surprise and this is one of them. On the surprise scale this would rate as sharing a hot tub with Jessica Alba whilst a band consisting of Elvis Jimi Hendrix John Lennon Phil Lynott and Keith Moon play you music for the night. The reason why this film will surprise you is that for the meagre budget they had (Ã‚Â£8000) and that this was done by a bunch of mates who just wanted to try it out they have produced something very slick and looks easily 100 times more than its budget.<br /><br />The plot is simple a crew of mercenaries carrying a dangerous prisoner through space come under attack and are forced to crash land on a nearby desolate planet. After some checks not only does the planet not exist according to star charts but they are not alone as it seems and something very unfriendly begins to pick them of one by one. It sounds like very standard Sci-Fi fare mixing elements of Aliens. Predator and Pitch Black but it takes all these and makes them into something that feels fresh and original.<br /><br />The Location shooting in this is fantastic utilising Balmeddie beach in Aberdeen to the maximum and you genuinely feel that you are one an alien world. The seemingly never ending sand dunes and clever lighting effects give it a very bleak feel  you truly think the crew are stranded on an alien world. Also the action sequences are superb the opening assault on the freighter a great showcase of what special effects can be achieved on a budget and the firefights as well as the stunning finale all showcase the inventiveness of the film.<br /><br />As for the team of mercenaries the cast excels themselves. For a low budget independent movie the casting here was done via local media outlets and they seem to have picked some possible stars for the future. Local body builder Mike Mitchell whilst not a natural actor slots into his role as the Arnie-Esq leader of the mercenaries. From the rest of the cast there are two stand out performances Patrick Wright as second in command McNeal and Scott Ironside as the rough and ready engineer Vince. Both have some the best lines in the movie and Scott injects a good bit of humour into the movie with his performance. Patrick gives a well rounded performance as the cool as ice second in command.<br /><br />Director Mark Stirton can be very proud of what he has achieved and shows that Scottish cinema need not all be 'Kilts and Ceilidhs' or 'Slums and Drugs' Scottish films can be fresh inventive and most of all a lot of god damn fun. This film is Scottish (with a north east flavour) to the core and praise to the actors and directors for keeping the accents intact which adds to the charm of the piece. Although the budget limitations show from time to time (the only fault i could find) that is to be expected. This film its cast and crew deserve all the success they get and then some more. I for one wish Mark and his crew every success and theirs is a career to keep a very close eye on.<br /><br />Rating - 9/10 The first Scottish sci-fi is bold fresh and inventive a real triumph.<br /><br />Movie reviews news and opinion like no other plus the kick ass bi-weekly pod-casts.<br /><br />www.fightrunner.co.uk <br /><br />contact@fightrunner.co.uk
critique392 This is about as good as gone with the wind was.I love this movie I could watch it over and over again.Scarlett always gets what she wants no matter what the cost.She tries real hard to forget Rhett but she just can't do it. She loves him so much. This is a story of real true love.It started in gone with the wind and ended up in this movie.The only real way to end this movie for real true love.Was to have Scarlett and Rhett back together at the end.And thats the way it ended with them back together with their daughter.What more could you ask for. There's not a better ending to this great love story than this.What else can i say about this great movie.
critique393 When "Madame" decides to let her cats inherit her it spells trouble. The snobbish Butler Edgar who is next in line to inherit decides to get rid of the cats. Thereby the story can begin and the cats can go on an adventure that would otherwise have been impossible. An adventure that lets them meet the charming but not altogether trustworthy cat O'Malley. He helps them through many dangerous and funny situations until the inevitable happy end.<br /><br />The force of this movie is in its humor and music. Edgar is simply hilarious as the insulted butler who is out to settle the score and of course he himself takes some serious beatings. One of the best scene contains him being chased by the two dogs Lafayette and Napoleon. The score is great and like in "the Jungle Book" you have scenes that is almost "musical" in the sense that the story doesn't progress and the focus is to let the protagonists express themselves via dance. And of course we like that the score is quite Jazzy.<br /><br />And of course it's not only me but also my children who love this one.<br /><br />Regards Simon
critique394 i was having a horrid day but this movie grabbed me and i couldn't put it down until the end... and i had forgotten about my horrid day. and the ending... by the way... where is the sequel!!!<br /><br />the budget is obviously extremely low... but ... look what they did with it! it reminds me of a play... they are basically working with a tent a 'escape pod' a few guns uniforms camping gear and a 'scanner' thing. that is it for props. Maybe this is even a good thing forcing the acting and writing to have to step up and take their rightful place in film as the centers of the work instead of as afterthoughts used to have an excuse to make CGI fights (starwars).<br /><br />The cgi is fine. It is not exactly 'seamless'... but imho it still works. why? because there isn't too much of it and what there is is not 'taking over' with an army of effects house people trying to cram everything they can into the shot. it prompts the imagination... it's some relatively simple stuff with decent composition (especially the heavy freighter shot.. there is one long shot that must be at least ten seconds...that tracks the entire length of the ship... it must be a record for sci fi battle sequence film making in the past 10 years to have an action sequence that lasts longer than 0.75 seconds) and some relation to the story. it might look old or not 'state of the art' but it doesn't look stupid and it doesn't take away from the story.<br /><br />The acting is good except the characters die too fast to get to know them. The captain was great but a few of his scenes could have used another take. I also got confused with his character losing his cool and stomping on a corpse I like to think captains are calm cool and in control... what was going on in that scene? did the other crew worry about him losing it at that moment? did he feel himself losing control? <br /><br />Now as for the plot.... mostly it is good... why? Because it doesn't try to explain itself. It just happens. It's called 'the planet' its a mystery get it?? Nobody knows why there is a statue and they don't find out either. The mysterious cult? The weird scientist with the tattoo? What do you expect to find out in less than 90 minutes? This isn't War and Peace. And thank god it's not star wars/trek either. No midichlorians no 5 minutes of expository boring dialog that has no purpose in the story. The characters are stranded and are only able to figure out a few basic things... it is not a star trek episode where they find out it's leonardo davinci or a child like space wanderer. It is mysterious and i liked that. I don't know why maybe I can identify with these guys more  since they don't know whats happening and i don't either... they don't talk a lot of space gibberish or have magic boxes telling them what is happening. <br /><br />In fact I would argue that one of the weakest moments is when the 'traitor' turns on the crew and tries to 'explain' the reason for the planet the cult etc. This coincidentally has some of the weakest dialog imho in the whole movie and it interrupts the flow and some of the characters look unnatural in that scene. <br /><br />OK sometimes I felt it was a little too mysterious though. Like why did the guy get fried through his eyes with lightning? That was odd. Just weird. The 'hamlet' ending... again I would have liked to have known some of these characters better. And would it have been so hard to have a 30 second rescue scene at the end? This is not a serial show it was a film and we like closure in films even if they can have a sequel. Imagine Hamlet with no 'flights of angels sing thee to thy rest'<br /><br />Anyways. What can I say. This was well worth the dollar I payed at the 'red box' machine at the supermarket. It was also imho a better piece of storytelling than starwars parts 1 2 or 3. Like I said it sucked me in wanting to know what was happening and I couldn't stop watching until the end.
critique395 For those who commented on The Patriot as being accurate (Which basically satanised the English) it was interesting to see this film. By all accounts this was the bloodiest war that Americans have ever been involved in and they were the only nationality present. It was therefore very refreshing to see something resembling historical accuracy coming from that side of the Atlantic that did not paint America as either martyrs or saviours. All in all though what this film did bring home was the true horrors of any conflict and how how whatever acts are committed in war only breed worse acts often culminating in the suffering of the innocent. This was not a film where you cheered anybody on but both pitied and loathed all.
critique396 Arguably the finest serial ever made(no argument here thus far) about Earthman Flash Gordon Professor Zarkov and beautiful Dale Arden traveling in a rocket ship to another universe to save the planet. Along the way in spellbinding spectacular and action-packed chapters Flash and his friends along with new found friends such as Prince Barin Prince Thun and the awesome King Vultan pool their resources together to fight the evils and armies of the merciless Ming of Mongo and the jealous treachery of his daughter Priness Aura(now she's a car!). This serial is not just a cut above most serials in terms of plot acting and budget - it is miles ahead in these areas. Produced by Universal Studios it has many former sets at its disposable like the laboratory set from The Bride of Frankenstein and the Opera House from The Phantom of the Opera just to name a few. The production values across the board are advanced in my most humble opinion for 1936. The costumes worn by many of these strange men and women are really creative and first-rate. We get hawk-men shark men lion men high priests creatures like dragons octasacks orangapoids and tigrons(oh my!)and many many other fantastic things. Are all of them believable and first-rate special effects? No way. But for 1936 most are very impressive. The musical score is awesome and the chapter beginnings are well-written lengthy enough to revitalize viewer memories of the former chapter and expertly scored. Director Frederick Stephani does a great job piecing everything together wonderfully and creating a worthy film for Alex Raymond's phenom comic strip. Lastly the acting is pretty good in this serial. All too often serials have either no names with no talent surrounding one or two former talents - here most everyone has some ability. Don't get me wrong this isn't a Shakespeare troupe by any means but Buster Crabbe does a workmanlike likable job as Flash. He is ably aided by Jean Arden Priscella Lawson and the rest of the cast in general with two performers standing out. But before I get to those two let me add as another reviewer noted it must have been amazing for this serial to get by the Hayes Office. I see more flesh on Flash and on Jean Rogers and Priscella Lawson than in movies decades later. The shorts Crabbe(and unfortunately for all of us Professor Zarkov((Frank Shannon)) wears are about as form-fitting a pair of shorts guys can wear. The girls are wearing mid drifts throughout and are absolutely beautiful Jean Rogers may have limited acting talent but she is a blonde bombshell. Lawson is also very sultry and sensuous and beautiful. But for me the two actors that make the serial are Charles Middleton as Ming: officious sardonic merciless and fun. Middleton is a class act. Jack "Tiny" Lipson plays King Vultan: boisterous rousing hilarious - a symbol for pure joy in life and the every essence of hedonism. Lipson steals each and every scene he is in. The plot meanders here there and everywhere - but Flash Gordon is the penultimate serial space opera and the basis for loads of science fiction to follow. Excellent!
critique397 I haven't seen this film for over 20 years but it had such an impact on me that I remember sitting through the credits and for several minutes after in complete awe. This is one of the most underrated films of the entire decade in which it was originally released. I just ordered a copy of it on DVD and paid for overnight shipping and can't wait for it to arrive. It is uplifting at times and also very dark and somewhat disturbing. It's a story of a close-knit band of regular kids growing up in the inner city and makes one feel as though they are actually sitting on the sidelines rather than watching on a movie screen or television. Hard to explain but it is something that must be experienced. The story starts at childhood and tracks the lives of the four main characters through high school and as they embark on their separate journeys in life. The entire cast did an incredible job and it's by far the best work of Jodi Thelen's career. I'm hoping that the DVD lives up to my memory and plan on watching it this Friday with a good friend.
critique398 This is really a great unknown movie.Perfect dialogue without the typical clichÃƒÂ©s.This movie relied on the actor's talent and it was pulled off.It even had a little bit a comedy in itbut it wasn't overdone.Once in the Life is what a crime drama is supposed to benot the typical special affects garbage with sex thrown in.I especially loved the interracial aspects of it all.<br /><br />Now onto the actors themselves. Laurence Fishburne was superb at playing a career petty criminal.It's a shame that he's only allowed to show his talent in his own movie. Titus Welliver was fabulous as Fishburne's junky half-brother. Eamonn Walker added flavor to the already perfectly spiced film. Paul Calderon was perfect as a grease monkey/drug lord.I loved his acting since "King of New York". But the best acting in this film came from Gregory Hines and Michael Paul Chanwho were paired perfectly as two of Calderon's henchmen.<br /><br />Once in the Life is for sure a keeper. ****1/2* out of *****.
critique399 The "good news" is that the circus is in town. The "bad news" is that's right over Bugs Bunny's underground home. He wakes up as his place shakes like an earthquake hit it when workers pound stakes into the ground and elephants stomp by etc.<br /><br />To be more specific the lions' cage is place exactly over Bugs' hole. The lion sniffs food and by process of elimination figures out it's a rabbit. Bugs curious what all the racket is about winds his way through the tunnel and winds up in the lion's mouth.<br /><br />I'll say for thing for BB: he is totally fearless at least in this cartoon and at least for 30 seconds. When he comes to his senses he runs like crazy and we get a lion-versus-a rabbit battle the rest of the way. Once again Bugs faces dumb opponent one he calls "Nero" but lion is fierce and Bugs will need all his wits and somewhat-fake bravado to fend off this beast.<br /><br />About half the gags are stupid and the other half funny but always fast-moving colorful and good enough to recommend. I mean it's not everyday you can see a lion on a trapeze or doing a hula dance!
critique400 After seeing NAKED CITY and NIGHT AND THE CITY (which is still my favorite Dassin) I was more than excited to watch his "Masterpiece" (O-Word Criterion) RIFIFI.<br /><br />Now i am a little bit disappointed about the story.<br /><br />So I have at least these five questions in my mind:<br /><br />1. In the final Countdown Louis Grutter shot from the inside a house the main Character Tony le StÃƒÂ©phanois. He couldn't know if he is still alive or not but he didn't care about it and ran directly after it outside the house (with the money) to reach his car. So of course Tony wasn't dead and shot him. BIG QUESTIONMARK.<br /><br />2. In another important scene the specialist in safes Cesar gave directly after the robbery as a present a diamond ring (which was a part of the robbery) a Woman which was working for Louis Grutter in a night bar. Stupid because before this character wasn't THAT stupid. And of course Louis knew directly that Tony planned the jewel robbery. SMALL QUESTIONMARK.<br /><br />3.After the Gangsters behind Louis Grutter murder Mario Ferrati and his wifeTony and his best friend Joe planned a revenge against Louis gang. At the same time they don't care for the security of Joe's wife and his five years old child. Of course Louis gang kidnapped the son. CHEAP and SIMPLE.<br /><br />4. The perfect heist: Of course this is the best 30min. long scene in the whole Plot without any word spoken in the whole time but was this a perfect heist?? Comparing with other movies which handle with this theme i could only smile when for example Tony was taken a fire-extinguisher to banned the alarm. Also too SIMPLE.<br /><br />5. The Grutter gang went to the house of Mario because they knew (however....) the jewels will be there. Then they murder Mario and his Wife. And then? They are not searching for it! NO. They ran directly out of the apartment. And more. They not observing the apartment after it so Tony can go after a while (which was the same day) inside to take the jewels. BIG QUESTIONMARK.<br /><br />Over all: it's a good movie. Because of the brilliant 30min silent heist scene. Because of the very good cut (The end scene in the car through Paris is stunning) . Because of a very good actor called Jean Servais. Because of this Black/White fever you will get while watching it. Because of some other reasons too other user wrote about but please don't tell me this is a stunning story.
critique401 Coming shortly before the imposition of a morality code darkened the spirits of writers directors and actors the first film adaptation of W. Somerset Maugham's "Of Human Bondage" titillated countless moviegoers. It has no shock value today just fine acting.<br /><br />While the cast is excellent this is Bette Davis's first great role and one of Leslie Howard's best performances. Howard is English wannabe Parisian artist Philip Carey who is gently and firmly told that he lacks any talent and that his dedication is no substitute for true genius. Taking the lesson to heart he returns to London and enrolls in a medical college (one by the way that seems to have no female students-at that time there would have been at least a few. Perhaps author/physician Maugham didn't care for distaff medicos).<br /><br />Having tea one day Carey is entranced by a waitress Mildred Rogers Bette Davis in a role as a morally loose and basically wicked farrago. Her Cockney accent is as sharp as Eliza Doolittle's. His repeated attempts to date her are greeted with the less than enthusiastic reply "I don't mind" a sure sign for any man with his head screwed on straight that he's plumbing the depths. Maugham's Mildred supplemented her waitress tips with a bit of old fashioned street-walking something not clearly brought out here.<br /><br />Carey's besotted prostration serves Rogers' avaricious need for support of the financial kind. He is desperately in love with her-she plays him as a Sunday church organist effortlessly plies her instrument. No sex here. Recognizing that he is getting nowhere he begins a chaste relationship with Norah a woman who adores him. Re-enter Mildred replete with a baby and in her usual need of being taken care of. Exit heartbroken Norah. <br /><br />Another separation from Mildred and Carey begins a long-term friendship with Sally abetted enthusiastically by her dad who seems to view eventual marriage as both a good thing for the two young people and a chance to be relieved of one of his nine offspring.<br /><br />The movie reasonably but not entirely follows Maugham's excellent novel. Howard's Carey is naive and vulnerable and for much of the movie his sad eyes remind one of a doe facing a double-barreled shotgun. Mildred is unrestrainedly wicked a user of the worst kind her sole preoccupation with her own needs barely disguised when she tries to wheedle Carey with a thin patina of affectionate words (and offers-at one point she promises she'll do "anything he wants" a daring statement for the times and one I'm sure audiences fully understood.<br /><br />Pre-Code it may be but Mildred's quick-march dissolution would have satisfied the League of Catholic Decency. The ending is conventional-sin loses principled behavior triumphs.<br /><br />Director John Cromwell wrought excellent performances from his two main stars one well-established the other established largely because of this film. The atmosphere is 1930s London and the trip back in time is worth taking.<br /><br />Available on DVD.<br /><br />9/10 (for Davis's and Howard's performances)
critique402 Throughout this film you might think this film is just for kids. Well it is mainly pointed towards them but it's also well-rounded enough with the jokes pointed also at the adults in the audience. This time around the Muppet gang try to get on Broadway with the dire straits keeping them from getting it produced leading them to splitting up. But Kermit won't stop and his determination keeps things moving along until after getting the deal together he gets hit by a car and sent into amnesia! <br /><br />It's a send-up in part of those old starring vehicles from the 40s with musicals actually as the topic of a musical only here there's the usual lot of zaniness and wonderful moments thrown into a pot of hysterically funny moments (Lou Zealand's boomerang fish; Gonzo's water-stunt display the whisper campaign among many others) but also with a lot of heart too. The Muppet writers aren't shy of the conventions on the contrary they embrace them to the point where it's almost refreshing to see such a 'lets put on a show' story where through thick and think the characters will meet their dream. <br /><br />While not as totally original in scope as the Muppet Movie it's got many catchy and memorable songs excellent locations all over Manhattan and even some intonations of inter-species dating (and marriage)! Cameos include Liza Minneli ("a frog?") Elliot Gould (as the cop) Brooke Shields (propositioned by a rat) Edward I. Koch Gregory Hines and Joan Rivers. So get ready to sing-along or just have a lot of big laughs and romantic (yes romantic) times with one of the best Muppet movies.
critique403 The actors in this dark film are truly believable and well cast. The quality of the camera work makes you feel as if you are there The screenplay is intense and does not wander. The plot is one that makes you want to watch it a second time from the new perspective gained by the ending. We showed this film to a small group of patrons at Gadsden's Center for Cultural Arts. After the film ever patron was eager to discuss the film and one person called me the next day to say that they were still "bothered". While we put an 18 and up age restriction on the film I would watch the film with a youth group as it is a very real portrayal of an ugly situation and sets the stage for great conversation.
critique404 Normally movies stay out of the realm of "domestic drama" and for good reason: who wants to intentionally seek entertainment from a story about what they or those close to them have to deal with in real life? Divorce hurts an incredible percentage of American families of all classes and custody battles are ugly and necessary parts of it. That's not escapism -- the number one reason the average person turns to movies -- that's sad reality. <br /><br />Normally divorce or custody is simply part of a greater story and affects the way we understand it or relate to its characters. "Kramer vs. Kramer" focuses on it and asks us to understand why we do it and why that makes it so troubling. That's a challenge for both this film and its audience: turn something so real into something that can capture our attention and then make us not feel spiteful as the mirror is held up to our face. Writer/director Robert Benton definitely achieves both and in impressive fashion in adapting this novel by Avery Corman.<br /><br />The story as one would expect is quite simple: Big business advertising man Ted Kramer (Dustin Hoffman) comes home to find his wife Joanna (Meryl Streep) is leaving him and their 7-year-old son Billy (Justin Henry). Ted then must quickly learn to be an active father in the boys' life and as soon as he does Joanna brings a custody suit upon him.<br /><br />To make an Oscar-winning drama about something so generic and particularly dialogue- heavy first takes tremendous acting talent. You don't get much better than Hoffman and Streep. Hoffman is in his prime in this role: his first Oscar win after three other notable nominations. He creates a thorough character one whose self-centered and quick-tempered ways clearly change as he learns to be a better father and the sole care-giver. Streep wins her first Oscar in only the second major role of her career as a woman who doesn't get much screen time but must communicate both inner torment at her decision to leave as well as renewed sense of identity when she returns to take custody. Streep does so effortlessly. The young boy Justin Henry who at his age was the youngest competitive category nominee in Academy Awards history plays the embodiment of all 7-year-old children exceptionally well.<br /><br />Benton's writing and direction takes these performances to the level where we see deeper into this family's troubles than we do our own and thus reconsider our thoughts about love and raising a family. Benton's previous notable credits ("Bonnie & Clyde" and "Superman") wouldn't indicate a strong command of family drama but the man can flat out write. Numerous scenes give us strong visuals that show us much more than the typical family scenarios they depict. The first morning that Joanna is gone and Ted make's Billy french toast is a classic that perfectly demonstrates all the talent going into this movie in a scene that happens in Americans' kitchens every morning.<br /><br />You'll rarely see a story as straightforward as "Kramer vs. Kramer" done better. There aren't any surprises at the end or twists and turns that will keep us desperately glued to the screen. The film then has to rely on its talents and they are all sure-fire delivering a new understanding of a subject that's so familiar.
critique405 This is one of Bruce's most underrated films in my opinion its an awesome heartwarming film with a neat story and an amazing performance from Bruce Willis!. All the characters are great and I thought Willis and Spencer Breslin were just awesome together plus Bruce Willis is simply amazing in this!. This is definitely one of Bruce's best comedic performances (The waaaaaaaaaamabulance thing was great) and I thought it was very well written and made as well plus The finale is especially cool!. It's good natured and it was cool how you can see Russell's (Willis) character change throughout the film! plus the ending was pretty good. I think this should be higher then 6.0 and it's one of the best Disney films I have ever seen! plus it has many surprising moments throughout. All the characters are extremely likable and it also has a cute love story angle too it as well plus Bruce and Spencer Breslin both had some really funny lines (Holy Smokes!). This is one of Bruce's most underrated films in my opinion its an awesome heartwarming film with a neat story and an an amazing performance from Bruce Willis and I say its a must see!. The Direction is great!. Jon Turteltaub does a great job here with really good camera work and just keeping the film at a very fast pace. The Acting is excellent!. Bruce Willis is amazing as always and is amazing here he gives one of his best comedic performances is hilarious had wonderful chemistry with both Spencer Breslin and Emily Mortimer had some funny lines and was dead on throughout the movie he was one of the main reasons I liked this movie so much! (Willis Rules!!!!!!!). Spencer Breslin is fantastic as the younger version of Russell he was very funny and didn't get on my nerves once he is one of the better child actors out there!. Emily Mortimer is good as Amy and was really cute I liked her she had decent chemistry with Bruce too. Lily Tomlin is funny as Janet I liked her quite a bit. Jean Smart is good with what she had to do which was not much. Rest of the cast do fine. Overall a must see!. **** out pf 5
critique406 Randolph Scott and Glenn Ford were once outlaw pals together but now Scott's a sheriff and young Ford is still hiring his gun out. He gets hired to pull a bank job but is delayed getting to town and those that hired him get someone else. That leads to all kinds of complications a lot for a film that's not even 90 minutes long.<br /><br />Randy and Glenn both got girls here. Claire Trevor plays her usual good time gal with a heart of gold. And Evelyn Keyes is the daughter of Edgar Buchanan who falls for Ford big time without realizing who he is or why he came to the town that Scott is the sheriff in.<br /><br />It's B western but unusual for the time and for Columbia Pictures it was given the full technicolor treatment. The Desperadoes marked Glenn Ford's first film in technicolor a process reserved only for some of the more expensive films from bigger studios. Harry Cohn was certainly not one to shell out for it. And definitely not during war time.<br /><br />The plot gets a bit convoluted as both Ford and Scott are put to the test of friendship versus expediency/duty. The plot also involves some high class hypocritical skunks in Randy's town who are the real outlaws as far as the film is concerned.<br /><br />The four leads do a fine job and the best supporting performance is Guinn Williams as Ford's lovable explosive lunkhead of a sidekick. The climax involves a cattle stampede and a shootout in the town saloon and is one of the best ever done in a western film.<br /><br />Fans of the four leads and westerns in general will enjoy this one.
critique407 Adam Jones has a brilliant sense of humor. There is nothing i didn't like about this film. Cross Eyed was beautifully shot. Adam does a great job of not only developing the main characters but also the minor characters. <br /><br />Cross Eyed gives hope to every low budget film out there. That you don't have to spend a lot to create something worth watching. There is something to like for everyone. If you've had a terrible roommate. if you've ever picked on a dork in high school. if you've ever parked anywhere in the city. if you have any type of sense of humor at all you will love this film. This is the type of film that will be around for a long time and ends up resurfacing again once Adam makes a bigger name for himself. I look forward to Adam's future projects.
critique408 I think the deal with this movie is that it has about 2 minutes of really really funny moments and it makes a very good trailer and a lot of people came in with expectations from the trailer and this time the movie doesn't live up to the trailer. It's a little more sluggish and drags a little slowly for such an exciting premise and i think i'm seeing from the comments people having a love/hate relationship with this movie.<br /><br />However if you look at this movie for what it is and not what it could have been considering the talent of the cast i think it's still pretty good. Julia Stiles is clearly the star she's so giddy and carefree that set among the conformity of everyone else she just glows and the whole audience falls in love with her along with Lee. The rest of the cast of course Lee's testosterone-filled coworkers his elegant mother-in-law his fratlike friend Jim and his bride-to-be all do an excellent job of fitting into stereotypes of conformity and boringness that make Stiles stand out in the first place. <br /><br />Lee doesn't live up to his costars i don't think but you could view that as more that they're hard to live up to. Maybe that's one source of disappointment.<br /><br />The movie itself despite a bit of slowness and a few jokes that don't come off as funny as the writer's intended is still pretty funny and I found a rather intelligent film. The themes of conformity and "taking the safe route" seemed to cleverly align on several layers. For example there was the whole motif of how he would imagine scenarios but would never act on them until the last scene or how he was listening to a radio program on the highway talking about how everyone conforms or just how everything selma blair and julia stiles' characters said and did was echoed by those themes of one person being the safe choice and one being the risky choice.<br /><br />The other good thing about the movie was that it was kind of a screwball comedy in which Jason Lee has to keep lying his way through the movie and who through dumb luck (example: the pharmacy guy turning out to be a good chef) and some cleverness on his part gets away with it for the most part.<br /><br />While it wasn't as funny as i expected and there was a little bit of squandered talent but overall it's still a good movie.
critique409 Four macho rough'n'tumble guys and three sexy gals venture into a remote woodland area to hunt for a bear. The motley coed group runs afoul of crazed Vietnam veteran Jesse (an effectively creepy portrayal by Alberto Mejia Baron) who not surprisingly doesn't take kindly to any strangers trespassing on his terrain. Director/co-writer Pedro Galindo III relates the gripping story at a steady pace creates a good deal of nerve-rattling tension and delivers a fair amount of graphic gore with the brutal murder set pieces (a nasty throat slicing and a hand being blown off with a shotgun rate as the definite gruesome splatter highlights). The capable cast all give solid performances with especially praiseworthy work by Pedro Fernandez as the nice humane Nacho Edith Gonzalez as the feisty Alejandra Charly Valentino as the amiable Charly and Tono Mauri as antagonistic jerk Mauricio. Better still both yummy blonde Marisol Santacruz and lovely brunette Adriana Vega supply some tasty eye candy by wearing skimpy bathing suits. Antonio de Anda's slick agile cinematography the breathtaking sylvan scenery Pedro Plascencia's robust shuddery stirring score the well-developed characters and the pleasingly tight'n'trim 76 minute running time further enhance the overall sound quality of this bang-up horror/action hybrid winner.
critique410 This would've been a sure fire classic had they chosen ALMOST ANYBODY ELSE for John Abraham. This guy is an awful actor. Be it comedy drama tear-jerkers etc. He stinks. It seemed like at some point Priyadarshan realized this too and pretty much had him jumping around like a monkey in order to make his solo-scenes a bit funny.<br /><br />He's the only noticeable drawback(there are a couple more annoying tid-bits) of an ABSOLUTELY hilarious movie otherwise. Best comedy to come along in Bollywood since Hungama IMO. Like Hungama it's a situational comedy carried on the shoulders of a brilliant screenplay and of courseAkshay Kumar. This is probably his best performance to date. He better be a shoe-in for best comedian at every award function. AK's always been good at comedy but he takes it to a different level here. The body language the facial expressions and just the way he delivers every line. It's a genius performance. The packed theater was going nuts for pretty much the entire length of the movie and I don't think I've ever seen such an atmosphere for a Bollywood movie here in USA.<br /><br />Garam Masala doesn't have one "lead" heroine. It stars 3 incredibly HOT+Beautiful girls who I thought did a fairly good job. Pretty sure they are all making their debuts. Paresh Rawal is solid as usual although his routine wears itself out after a while. Rajpal Yadav is his typical annoying self(sick of his over-the-top act in every movie). Rimi Sen has nothing to do.<br /><br />Overall definitely worth a dekho. I'd say it's FUNNIER than No Entry and that's saying a lot. Could've been even better had they chosen someone a little more competent than John Abraham.<br /><br />8/10
critique411 At 20 years old Francis Ouimet (Shia Lebouf) as his whole life ahead of him - in a way. The son of an immigrant family living in the late-19th to early-20th Century-era United States class was a very limiting fact of life. If one is born poor one stays poor; if one is born into the bourgeoisie one has a tiny bit of opportunity; if one is born into the wealthy class they essentially have it made in the shade. British gold champion Harry Vardon and Francis' golf idol (played by the criminally underrated Stephen Dillane) is the exception that proves the rule. Born and raised in a poor British family his accomplished skill at golf allowed him to rise from the dirty mess of the poorest slums to the lush greens of the English country clubs. He has not forgotten this life lesson. Francis wishes to follow in Vardon's footsteps and similarly uses his great skill at golf to get into the 1913 US Open at age 20. But a tough course and formidable opponents (including Francis' idol Harry Vardon) are not all that Francis must deal with as a less-than-understanding father and cruel societal framework stand in his way of living his own dream.<br /><br />I know what you are thinking - I thought it too - a Walt Disney produced film about the 1913 US Open starring the irritable Shia LaBeouf holds the possibility of being entertaining but it cannot possibly be a great film. Well I am here to encourage you to think again. Despite what it may look to some on paper The Greatest Game Ever Played is one of the best sport films in creation.<br /><br />As with every great sport film The Greatest Game Ever Played includes many exciting sport scenes but it is not a film *about* golf - it is a character centered film about using one's talents following one's dreams and breaking out of class barriers. Where The Greatest Game Ever Played works excellently as a themed sport film it also works just as well as a period film - the film's featured costumes and sets being the next best thing to actual time travel. The film also simply *looks* great and virtually unknown music composer Brian Tyler set the film to a wonderful piece of music. The cast is great as well with a subtle but powerful Stephen Dillane as British golfing champion Harry Vardon a hilarious Stephen Marcus as man's man golfer Ted Ray a hammy Josh Flitter as Francis' pre-teenaged caddy Eddie and a surprisingly good Shia LaBeouf in the lead role as Francis. Actor Bill Paxton (Apollo 13 Titanic) turns director here for the second time (directing a full-length feature) in The Greatest Game Ever Played. He produces a fine product - incorporating plenty of heart ingenuity and an attention to detail in the making of the film.
critique412 Surely one of the best British films ever made if not one of the best films ever made anywhere. Script cinematography direction and acting in a class on their own. This film works on so many levels. So why is it completely unavailable on tape DVD. Never shown on TV? Why is it hidden away when it is regularly shown at the National Film Theatre in London to packed houses?
critique413 Viewing DE VIERDE MAN (aka THE FOURTH MAN) is a slightly unsettling and rather fascinating experience. It's a very tight and intense psychological mystery/thriller from Netherlands's Paul Verhoeven. He directed this film just before he got big with his "free-ticket to Hollywood"-movie FLESH + BLOOD. In a lot of user-comments on this site I noticed the mentioning of Alfred Hitchcock. Indeed this movie might very well be Hitchcockian but I also noticed touches of early Cronenberg (the visceral) flavors of David Lynch (surreal story-linked visuals) and even Roman Polanski (plot-wise set-up). Funny thing is that the movies by those directors I was thinking of while watching DE VIERDE MAN weren't made until after 1983 the year of release of THE FOURTH MAN. So go figure.<br /><br />Very much credit indeed must be given to the story of the original novel by Gerard Reve this movie is based on. Gerard Reve is also the fictional name of the main character (a tormented writer played by Jeroen KrabbÃƒÂ© balancing on the dangerous line of a severe psychosis). Now has anybody stopped and thought about the fact that the word "rÃƒÂªve" is French for "dream"? And the film does feature a lot of dream-like/nightmarish sequences often to that extend that you don't always know for sure if Gerard is awake or dreaming himself. Could this be coincidence...? Maybe it's just me but I don't think so. RenÃƒÂ©e Soutendijk is pretty amazing as the leading lady (in a rather demanding role). She sometimes seems to be guilty of over-acting (in a subtle way). But that aspect was clearly intentional to portray the character she plays since as this movie progresses you become unsure about what to actually think of this lady and her intentions. Proves again what an excellent actress she is. I might add that the movie contains also several scenes portraying full frontal male & female nudity as well as some rather explicit sex-scenes (and you will even notice that some scenes and aspects clearly were the blueprints of scenes later to be shot for Verhoeven's BASIC INSTINCT).<br /><br />Another aspect this movie has is a lot of symbolism and biblical references/images which supposedly made the film thoroughly hated by some conservative/catholic movements at the time of its European release. Either way it makes the movie worthy of a second viewing. Now someone recently told me he had grave misgivings about DE VIERDE MAN. One of them being that the film supposedly manoeuvers itself into a position where it needs the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to resolve itself. I myself have big issues with the way Catholicism has been and still is sometimes portrayed in many movies in any genre (so not only when it comes to religiously themed horror movies). But surprisingly I had no misgivings whatsoever when it comes to THE FOURTH MAN. Although the Virgin Mary-aspect in the plot did make me scratch my head at one point I also had fun with it in a way. I think the keyword as to why it didn't bother me at all is 'duality'. Because this movie works on two levels. Although 'divine intervention' might have resolved the plot-line from the protagonist's point of view... on the other hand: the movie implies that all this might have been the delirious ramblings of a raving madman. And that's the fun part: You never know for sure. And then there's the question: Could it be that Gerard Reve was somehow receiving distorted visions of things to come... like receiving omens? At one point in the movie Gerard even tries to fool Christine into believing he is clairvoyant. The way he is playing Christine in that particular scene is exquisite to behold.<br /><br />So with its compelling story convincing acting performances and adequate direction DE VIERDE MAN is a very much recommended viewing indeed (especially if you enjoy a solid European psychological horror film). But make sure you see the original Dutch version (not the dubbed one).
critique414 It gives the ordinary guy/girl the chance to be on television singing as their favourite stars.<br /><br />For the majority of the time they sound like the singer they are meant to be portraying.<br /><br />Another twist to it - A team of make up people and costumers dress the contestant up like that singer. They might not look like them but the likelihood of getting someone that sounds like a person looking exactly the same as them are very slim.<br /><br />It's a load of fun for your Saturday night - and the contestants aren't raging wannabes like they are on another TV singing show. The fact that there are no prizes involved and it is for fun means that it will attract a different type of person.<br /><br />The only gripe i have is with the Kids version - it looks like they have done the round of stage schools- what happened to the normal kids?
critique415 It sounds a bit awkward to call a film about war and holocaust shocking since many of us will know only too well of the horrors that war and violence brings. By using the adjective 'shocking' I do not intend to imply that I am surprised about the things told about in this film or that I was formerly unaware of them it is just that I am very much impressed by the way in which this film shows how crazy and incomprehensibly horrific it is to kill each other off either with or without a 'reason'.<br /><br />The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in the Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this performance due to inconsistent directing but still her acting is solid enough and she has enormous charisma. She is cast very well as Hanna and immediately has our sympathy. Her very beautiful looks help of course but that has nothing to do with her being simply a good actress playing a good part.<br /><br />Certain inconsistencies keep occurring in Hanna's War. I sometimes get the idea director Menahem Golan (often despised for The Gianni Versace Murder) was in a rush and should actually have allowed a few more takes per scene. On the other hand I am very thankful he made this impressive and thought-provoking film and as I am very positive about it I think he did a good job.<br /><br />The second half of the film is the most interesting and tragic one. It focuses on Hanna's suffering (beware of Donald Pleasence's scary portrayal of the cruel and sardonic captain Rosza) and intensely shows the injustice and horror that comes with hate and violence and war. I receive Hanna's War especially the second half as a strong anti-war film and for that alone Golan deserves credit. It is also this second half in which Maruschka Detmer's talent comes out creating a character which goes into film history as one of the most speaking strong and tragic ever portrayed. It is also great to see Ellen Burstyn whose appearance and acting style always remind me of Romy Schneider who -had she been alive and cast- would have made a similar effective contribution to Hanna's War.<br /><br />The tragic impact of the second half and the desperate tension which is sometimes replaced by hopeful prospects and good news lead to a number of final scenes which show something so unexpected so moving and poetic in its tragedy that it hit me like a bomb and left me in tears. And when I realized once more it wasn't even fiction it all actually happened I found myself in even more tears. The image of Hanna portrayed by Maruschka Detmers will be in my mind forever.
critique416 I don't usually comment on films since I am in the movie distribution business but I have to say that this is one of my favorite films of all time. The acting is fantastic and the script is even better. There were no cheesy speeches or exploitation of handicapped people to try and make this movie more "Hollywood". James McAvoy is such an outstanding actor I could not look away from him if I tried. I was impressed with Steven Robertson as well. I cannot believe this is his first real film. Brenda Fricker plays a small role but as usual she is outstanding. This is a movie for everyone to see just how lucky we all are. If you like Awakenings and Mask you will enjoy this story. You owe it to yourself to check this film out.
critique417 Certain DVD's possess me until I just have to go out and buy it. This was one of those movies. Like many on here I remember seeing it as a child and loved it. I never knew there were scenes and musical numbers that were cut so I was intrigued to see what they might be. I will agree that the "Portabellow Road" sequence is now a tad long (as is the soccer game) but other than that I found no qualms with the remaining scenes that were put back in their respectful place. Perhaps Disney should have had the original version (which IS the restored version) on one side with the restored version on the flip side then people could choose what they wanted to view. All in all it's still an entertaining movie that still manages to recapture some of my childhood memories.
critique418 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique419 I watched this movie on TCM last night all excited expectation having last seen it (twice) in its memorable 1957 release in Toronto. I told my wife who hadn't seen it before to watch for the thrilling long tracking shot no cuts where Veronika is seen on a bus on her way to find her Boris. In a hand-held frame that certainly predates the modern Steadicam the shot then pulls back up and cranes (pun unintended) over the street as she exits the bus and darts among the tanks to cross the road. THEN I remember that no cuts we follow her up close to the fence as she peers through anxiously looking for him but does not find him. But we do continue to follow Veronika as she searches the faces of harried recruits and their emotionally racked women all extras and each one a gem of riveting Stanislavskian behavior. How one wonders did Kalatozov and his cameraman Urusevsky set up this extraordinary sequence. But what did I see in this version? After crossing the street dodging the tanks the scene abruptly ended and cut back to scenes at the apartment before continuing to the soldiers and their families at the fence. Seems to me that this film was not only restored but also re-edited. What a downer!
critique420 Erendira is a film from Mexico that is rarely talked about. The film only exists in a low quality VHS format. It's a shame this film hasn't been given a DVD release. "Erendira" is stunning and gorgeous with its magic-realist images. "Erendira" is based on a short story from the novel "100 Years of Solitude". Erendira is constantly daydreaming and accidentally burns down her grandma's house. Her evil grandma played by Irene Papas forces her into prostitution to pay for the damages. The whole town gets a piece of Erendira so to speak. Although the subject matter sounds harsh the film doesn't exploit sexuality. It's done in a mature artistic manner. The film also has some amazing costumes. Some of the more surreal aspects of the film that stand out the most are the origami birds that morph into real birds and a golden orange with a diamond in the center. Erendira is an amazing film that even manages to throw in humor. This is definitely a film that deserves a special DVD release. As they'd say in espanol "Es muy muy bien !!! Excellente!
critique421 A group of teens decide to take their slumber party to an abandoned school where 27 years prior a horrible massacre took place. Unfortunately for them the person responsible for the slaughter still lurks the halls of the derelict school and he is not happy with their presence.<br /><br />This film is not like most modern teen slashers we've seen. It's much darker much more suspenseful no wise-cracking murderer etc. and I liked it for those reasons. From a film-making point-of-view it's not great. The acting is below average. The writing was pretty bad and quite full of clichÃƒÂ©s containing randomly tossed-in references to American horror films some that didn't even make sense (like. . . "Have you seen Scream 3?" a girl asks. Yes I have and it had nothing to do with walking through the doors of an old school so it in no way relates to this film). But hey it's a slasher flick those are part of the fun. Also the underutilization of characters was heavily exhibited in this film. There were six main characters (not including The Security Guard) and to be honest only three or four were really used. Two characters (the token black guy and some other girl that wasn't important enough to get a label) barely spoke: Between them I'd estimate about five or six lines total. Also the girls (other than one) weren't formed well enough to differentiate them from one another. They could've replaced each of the girls with one another repeatedly throughout the film and I wouldn't have noticed the difference. The pacing however works well as the horror begins right from the start and rarely ceases. The atmosphere is utilized well and the direction reveals some truly chilling moments. . . although the overall appearance is a bit cheap-looking due to what I assume is low-grade camera equipment (and operation). The ending though I liked the idea they were going for was fairly poorly done. It felt rushed and without explanation enough to make it effective. With the amount of time they spent running around looking for nothing they could've spent a little bit more time on the conclusion to make sure it didn't feel like some random event thrown in for no good reason (which is a flaw many modern horror films are afflicted with). However ignoring a few irksome issues and trying to focus on the first 98% of the film rather than the ending this is actually a rather good modern slasher that should be checked out especially if you're a fan of Spanish and/or atmospheric horror.<br /><br />Obligatory Slasher Elements:<br /><br />- Violence/Gore: There's a good bit of blood and gore realistically done but not buckets. The violence is extremely well done not to excess but pretty brutal at points.<br /><br />- Sex/Nudity: Little bit and with the hottest girl in the film.<br /><br />- Cool Killer: Well security guards are hardly considered 'cool' but this guy is pretty wicked. His creepy smile was chilling.<br /><br />- Scares/Suspense: The suspense is top-notch. . . very tense very well done. There are also some extremely creepy moments that fused jump scares and the spooky atmosphere.<br /><br />- Mystery: None at all really.<br /><br />- Awkward Dance Scene: Of course: between a couple of guys and a half-unwilling female in the flashback.<br /><br />- Classic Quote of the Film: 'One more trophy.' <br /><br />Final verdict: 7/10. This may be stretching it but fans of Session 9 might want to check it out simply for the similar tone and atmosphere.<br /><br />-AP3-
critique422 Revenge is the theme of this Denzel Washington thriller that offers its share of action mayhem murder and grisly bloodletting. The essentials are a bodyguard's search and destroy mission as his charge young Dakota Fanning is kidnapped from school which is exactly what Washington was hired to prevent. The Mexico City locations are as chaotic as the storyline moves towards its predictable violent conclusion with plot twists along the way. Washington a former CIA operative with a drinking problem gets a good reference from a former fellow agent which sets in motion the plot's outline. Washington and Fanning have a great chemistry between them and after a troublesome beginning the bodyguard and his charge become the best of friends. Christopher Walken Rachel Ticotin Radha Mitchell Giancarlo Giannini and Mickey Rourke comprise the good cast in support of the two stars.
critique423 The 60's is a great movie(I saw it completely in one night) about the hippy movement in the late 60's. Although the title would suggest otherwise the first 5 years of the 60's are not really important in this film.<br /><br />The main character of the movie is Michaela political activist who goes on the road in the US against the Vietnam-war. There he meets his girlfriendSarah.Michael's brotherBriangoes to Vietnam to fight(what a surprise!).He comes back from the war and changes in a "Tom Cruise Born on the fourth of July" look a like and then into a Hippy.His dad is a pro-vietnam war type of guy(what a surprise!!).Michael's sister Kate gets pregnant from a Rock & Roll artist and runs away from home and goes to San Francisco during the summer of love. The ending is very poor(father becomes a liberal and everybody is happy)but I let this slip away from my vote(the rest of the movie is very good!). <br /><br />The performances by the actors are pretty good and the soundtrack of the movie is absolutely brilliant. All the main events of the sixties are in the movielike the murders on JFK and Martin Luther King aswell as the big hippy proteststhe summer of love and Woodstock! Look closely for Wavy"Woodstock Speaker"Gravy(What we have in mind is breakfast in bed for 400.000!) as a first aid employee at the Woodstock festival!<br /><br />In the endthe 60's is a beautiful movie about a beautiful decade! 10/10
critique424 My top 2 actors happen to be in this film - Robert Ryan and Robert Mitchum. <br /><br />Ryan could play anything from Shakespeare to Arthur Miller and play it magnificently. In this film when he starts his speech "...people with names like Samuels and others with names that are hard to say" - it is chilling to watch him.<br /><br />Robert Young plays the policeman who is called to investigate the murder of Samuels (Sam Levine) a civilian who is chatting with several soldiers in a bar. Mitchell is the soldier wanted in connection with it - his wallet has been found in the apartment. But Mitchell is a gentle soldier who is only missing his wife.<br /><br />The story is told from different perspectives. Mitchell and Samuels strike up a friendship and go back to Samuels apartment. Samuels seems to know the loneliness that Mitchell is feeling. "For years you have been concentrating on one peanut and now it is gone you don't know what to feel" he says about the war.<br /><br />Ryan is superb as Monty the psychotic racist.<br /><br />Robert Young (along with Dick Powell) was an actor whose career was re-juvenated by film-noir. "Crossfire" "They Won't Believe Me" and "The Other Woman" are great examples.<br /><br />Robert Mitchum is his usual laid back self as the philosopical Keeley.<br /><br />Gloria Graham and Paul Kelly as the "odd couple" are outstanding as well in their brief but telling roles.<br /><br />This is probably the best film about racism ever made.
critique425 Keep in mind I'm a fan of the genre but have only recently seen this film for the first time. How I've overlooked it all this time is a wonder to me. To me this is a better film then the much lauded "High Noon". It's a great western with excellent acting and a great story. The DVD is in beautifull black and white with outstanding cinematography. If you like westerns or James Stewart this film is not to be missed.
critique426 This movie is the funniest danish movie I've ever seen!<br /><br />The plot is funny surprising and exceptionel. Danish humor is unlike any other and it gets you every time. The entire audience laughed 90 % of the time....it was incredible. The characters are so well played and the two actors Mads mikkelsen and Nikolaj Lie Kaas play their best ever!<br /><br />I would highly recomend seing this movie you won't regret it believe me :-)
critique427 It's about an embezzler Peter Ustinov who infiltrates a British company Texa-Conn or something like that posing as a computer whiz and security expert. He secretly learns to hack into the computer while gathering the admiration of his boss Karl Malden the enmity of his office rival Bob Newhart and the love of his inept secretary Maggie Smith.<br /><br />Some of the business details were a little murky to these non-business-oriented eyes but they're believable enough and I got the general idea. Ustinov the peculating Peter establishes phony businesses in Paris Rome and Stuttgart and uses Texa-Conn's computer to send all kinds of money to these ersatz establishments. The overseas companies of course consist of nothing more than himself Ustinov and the addresses are an abandoned artist's loft in Paris a barber shop in Rome and a bakery in Germany. He simply visits them to collect the checks he's sent himself.<br /><br />I didn't think I'd like it for the first few minutes because it seemed rather on the slow side. I was expecting something with a faster tempo and more outrage along the lines of "The Pink Panther" or "The Lavender Hill Gang." But this film insinuates itself into your good graces as you come to appreciate the understated humor in the plot the characterizations and the dialog.<br /><br />Probably it would be a bad idea to give away too many of the relatively subtle gags but here are some examples of the more noticeable.<br /><br />Ustinov to Secretary Smith: "Let me have the assets of these companies." Smith: "Assets? What are they?" Ustinov: "Little female donkeys." Now nothing is made of this little exchange. There's a quick cut and no delay for any laughter which is appropriate because one's reaction is more likely to be a smile than a laugh.<br /><br />Ustinov searches out that crummy loft in Paris. It's covered with cobwebs. Bricks are strewn around and a couple of the former occupant's paintings have been left behind. The landlord doesn't speak English and Ustinov knows no French. Ustinov points to a child-like painting of a nude woman and chuckles "Ah. A fam fye-tal eh?" Landlord chuckles too replies: "Vous le prenez pour une anee?" Ustinov: "Oh -- ANNIE so that's her name!" Landlord: "Oui?" Ustinov: "Entente cordiale!" (Mes amis if I got those genders wrong je m'excuse.) Bob Newhart as Willard Gnatpole (!) has the hots for Maggie Smith and is supposed to be driving her home but tells her he's taking "the scenic route." There is an immediate sequence of suggestive traffic signs. "Caution." "Lay-By." "Give Way." "Yield." Ending with the imperious "STOP/CHILDREN." There's another montage when Ustinov's scheme is about to be discovered by the board of directors -- blurry rooftops police cars a farewell embrace from Maggie ending with a sign: PRISON Wormwood Scrubs.<br /><br />Well maybe one more. I still can't get over Malden as the boss declaring decisively "I never agonize over decisions" then gulping a handful of pills and washing them down with a glass of water.<br /><br />The acting is unarguably fine. It's Bob Newhart's best role for instance. Not that he had that many and not that his range wasn't limited but he's perfect in this part. The musical score by Laurie Johnson obviously had a good deal of effort put into it. She seems to have written a brief concerto for flute. Ustinov's passion is music and his overseas establishments are headed by false names like Claude Debussy and Giacconino Rossini. Stuttgart's phony president is somebody named Schmidt and he's an anomalous clinker. Maggi Smith is pretty sexy bourgeois and turns out to be not nearly so dumb as she seems.<br /><br />Delightful in its own quiet way but don't expect comic fireworks.
critique428 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique429 Tim Robbins did a masterful job directing this film. I say this because he avoided convention and clichÃƒÂ©. He also oversaw superb performances from Susan Sarandon (who won an Oscar for her role) and Sean Penn. Even more amazing Robbins doesn't patronize. He just tells the story and lets the events play on the viewer's mind. This is so effective because it allows the viewer to form his own opinions on the death penalty one of the most controversial subjects of our time without being unfairly manipulated in either direction. I can't recommend this film enough 9/10.
critique430 Words alone cannot describe the sheer beauty and power of this film.<br /><br />Think "Toy Story". Now think "Toy Story" circa 1934. Now imagine the animation looks as lifelike as fluid. Think of the movie not as something adults and children can enjoy but imagine it as a filme-noire.<br /><br />Imagine trying to do something like that back in 1934. Somehow "The Mascot" delivers. In a story where toys come to life and one of them is trying to deliver an orange to his sick owner Starewicz delivers a level of animation completely unexpected. It's so fluid you will wonder for a long time whether what you see is really stop-motion animation. <br /><br />Comparing "Toy Story" and "The Mascot" is an excercise in futility plot-wise: while "Toy Story" is a children's story adults can enjoy "The Mascot" is a dark chilling story aimed at adults. Meaning NO your kids won't like it. One bit.<br /><br />Still get it if you can. You might be able to find it along "Vampyr" in DVD and LaserDisc. And prepare to be stunned at what Starewicz was able to do back in 1934 with a couple of puppets.
critique431 Think Pierce Brosnan and you think suave dapper intelligent James Bond. In this movie Brosnan plays against type - and has lots of fun doing so (as does the audience). This is a film about a hired assassin who befriends a harried businessman... and it works!<br /><br />This is a fun movie with very good scenes (a riveting on-the-edge Brosnan and a good compliant "off"-the-edge Kinnear have some good lines). My only cavil is that Hope Davis playing the oh-so-tolerant wife ("Can I see your gun?") doesn't appear more often: she could have been a marvellous foil to these men.<br /><br />This movie is like a matador: it plays with the audience while "going for a kill". The ending is awesome because a storyline (with a positive moral!) emerges: this is a frenetic frantic and fun movie which does deserve a wide audience.
critique432 Anyone who doesn't laugh all through this movie has been embalmed. I have watched it at least twenty times and I still get tears in my eyes at many of the scenes. Sally Field is absolutely perfect as Celest Talbert a fading soap star whose supporting cast is trying to get her replaced in hopes that their own star will rise. Fields at 45 still has that wonderful and beautiful pixie quality and a perfect figure that belies her having had three children. I'm biased I'm in love with her.<br /><br />The cast of "Soapdish" is filled with stars who perform their roles to perfection. Kevin Kline is flawless as are Robert Downey Jr. an ingÃƒÂ©nue Elizabeth Shue Whoopi Goldberg Teri Hatcher in one of her early roles Carrie Fisher as the oversexed casting director who auditions an actor for a small part as a waiter without his shirt on. Kathy Najimy is wonderful as the hapless costume designer and best of all Cathy Moriarty as Nurse Nan who leads the plot to get Fields character removed from the show is hilarious.<br /><br />This movie should have won Oscars for best comedy best leading lady in a comedy best leading man in a comedy and myriad other bests including writing directing and supporting actors and actresses. Get the DVD so you can watch it over and over for the next twenty five years. You will still be laughing at it when the disc wears out.
critique433 I never thought an old cartoon would bring tears to my eyes! When I first purchased Casper & Friends: Spooking About Africa I so much wanted to see the very first Casper cartoon entitled The Friendly Ghost (1945) But when I saw the next cartoon There's Good Boos To-Night (1948) It made me break down! I couldn't believe how sad and tragic it was after seeing Casper's fox get killed! I never saw anything like that in the other Casper cartoons! This is the saddest one of all! It was so depressing I just couldn't watch it again. It's just like seeing Lassie die at the end of a movie. I know it's a classicBut it's too much for us old cartoon fans to handle like me! If I wanted to watch something old and classic I rather watch something happy and funny! But when I think about this Casper cartoon I think about my cats!
critique434 I couldn't disagree more with those who says this is a lousy movie. Me and my friend went to see it during the Stockholm film festival and this was actually one of my favorite movies during the festival. Dolls being used in horror movies aren't something new but I haven't seen that many movies were it has been as well carried out as it is in this movie. The atmosphere the setting the actors the camera-work.. everything is just beautiful. And they really work well with each other. Now if you expect this film to be another Grudge or Ring then you probably won't like it. But if your out for a good stylized scare then it's perfect. Even though it's pretty predictable and at some times laughable I still recommend this to anyone who likes horror flicks. Go see it. Now.
critique435 What do you get if you cross The Matrix with The Truman Show?<br /><br />I'm sure you've all seen The Matrix by now. The creators of The Matrix say that it is 'anime inspired'. Just from watching the trailer to this classic you can see where they took the plot from.<br /><br />The film is sort of set in 1980s Japan and it really shows. The costumes music and words(in the recent English Language version by AD Vision) are all like they've been directly lifted from the era. I believe it was made in that time also but due to certain plot points this doesn't date the film!<br /><br />As you probably guessed by my referencing to The Matrix the world isn't real. It's not really the 1980's. In fact it's something more like the 2480's. After a nuclear war the Earth(or "Biosphere Prime")'s ecosystem was destroyed. The survivors we're forced to escape into space where the conflict continued. Once the planets(or "Biospheres") were all abandoned people began to live in MegaZones - cities inside of spaceships where via hypnotism techniques and Truman Show-esque illusion they were made to believe they we're back on earth in the most peaceful time in recent memory... The 1980s. When young Shogo obtains a mysterious advanced looking motorcycle it leads him to find out more than he's supposed to know... The Garland(a bike which becomes a mech) a weapon from the 2400's aids Shogo in his escape from the pursuing military. As more and more is discovered about the MegaZone the war comes closer to home and due to conflicts between the military and the computer the war comes to the MegaZone too... I apologise if those points are seen as spoilers but the plot is outlined basically that way on the synopsis.<br /><br />Emotions run high in this movie moreso than The Matrix. You really do believe the war is going on and Shogo really does become quite scarred by what he's discovering. What starts off as an uber-happy cool 80's flick becomes a tragic tale of war and unreality. These characters are real people not the cardboard cutouts we saw flipping around in bullet-time in The Matrix. There really is the sense of the suffering people can go through after being caught up in such a conspiracy and a war. It may just choke you up towards the end... I know it did me.<br /><br />Animation is pretty impressive for it's day and the picture quality on the ADVision DVD is unbelievable for it's age. The artwork style is beautiful and reminiscent of traditional anime very cultural. Be prepared for quite a lot of violence and blood there's also an erotic sex scene.<br /><br />The ending can be seen as a 'there can be no ending' similar to the Matrix or supposedly can be followed by the sequel which I haven't yet had the pleasure of watching.<br /><br />I have to say that this is one of the best animes I've seen in fact one of the best movies I've seen and considered by many to be one of the greatest animes of all time.<br /><br />I must recommend the ADVision DVD as their take on the English Language is incredible and does the movie justice and can be purchased with an artbox for holding the two sequels when they are released which will have the same vocal cast.<br /><br />All in all MegaZone 23 is an incredible movie and deserves to be held highly and should be an essential in any anime fan's collection. Heck even my mother enjoyed it.
critique436 If I'm going to watch a porn movie I prefer it to have some sort of plot and a descent dialogue. Behind Bedroom Doors is one of the few I've come across with those attributes.<br /><br />The new girl next door scams on the neighbor's human nature and weaknesses where seduction and sex concerned. Chelsea Blue(I mean Brooke LaVelle) is the choice actress to play the part of the blackmailing seductress and plays the part magnificently. Chelsea Blue is a very talented and extremely beautiful actress. The movie get's an overall 10 just because she is in it. Her partner in the movie Monique Alexander is a definite cutie. The two should do more work together. In this movie though Monique who plays Gigi doesn't have a whole lot to do or say. That's too bad. She seems like she has more talent to be shared. I like the girl who was the (possible) DA's wife next. I forget her name but she's pretty good looking and not a bad actress. Nicole Sheridan...I'm still trying to figure out what some people are so excited about. It's obvious there are parts of her bought an paid for. Which is okay but is she finished? Sorry but come on! I'm afraid her performance here would have dropped the rating some except Chelsea's talent and beauty overrides any negatives. Overall This movie is a good one.
critique437 These type of movies about young teenagers struggling with their own sexuality were something unique and daring and daring a couple of years ago but more and more movies like this got made over the past few years making it hard for the movies to still stand out really.<br /><br />Also this movie received little publicity aside from the usual little film festivals that featured this little French movie as well as the big festivals that are always fond of these type of little movies about everyday subjects that aren't being handled too often in movies. The film premiered at Cannes in 2007 and actually won some awards there as well.<br /><br />The movie doesn't really stand out from others since it actually features little new once you've already seen some similar movies such as this one but this however really doesn't mean that "Naissance des pieuvres" is a bad one to watch. The movie is certainly a good watch that handles its subject well and tells its story steadily and therefore also effectively in a typical somewhat slow French cinematic pace.<br /><br />It's a coming of age movie that focus on the life of mainly 3 totally different mid-teenagers. Sexuality is a big theme within the movie which gets handled delicately and subtle. It makes the movie and its story overall a pretty realistic one though perhaps a bit predictable since the movie doesn't quite offer anything original enough within its genre.<br /><br />This type of French movie will probably scare off a lot of people because of the reason that they probably expect it to be very arty with deep layers and meanings to it. "Naissance des pieuvres" however is a very accessible movie for everyone and you really don't have to be into Euro-teen movies to appreciate this movie. It's a sweet and somewhat sensual kind of movie due to its subject and visual approach.<br /><br />The movie is also being made realistic by its actors who don't had and have a lot of experience within the movie business but are authentic looking and feeling within their roles. The strong individual characters provide the movie with some nice themes and good moments.<br /><br />A good movie on its subject.<br /><br />7/10
critique438 The Ogre doesn't seem to have won itself a very good reputation since its release in 1988 and I guess a reason for that may be down to the fact that it was given the subtitle 'Demons 3' in order to help it sell better. Well the film is directed by Lamberto Bava; the man behind the first two Demons films and ogres and demons are somewhat alike (in that they're both 'monsters' anyway)...but other than that this film has no connections to the other two films. It is however rather good! Italian filmmakers are famous for ripping off popular films and while it's not completely obvious; it seems to me that this one has taken a fair bit of influence from Hellraiser. The plot focuses on a female horror writer who moves with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She is haunted by memories from when she was a child and found an Ogre living in her basement. It's not long after moving into the castle before these visions return...and it may be more than just a coincidence as she comes to believe there's a murderous ogre living in the basement.<br /><br />The film was obviously shot on a budget and it was made for Italian TV so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; but for what it is this is certainly a very decent horror film. Lamberto Bava may not have as keen an eye as his father Mario did; but he takes time in building up a foreboding atmosphere that really compliments the film well. The central setting a large castle makes the perfect place for a story like this to take place in and Lamberto makes the best of it; even if it does involve ripping off superior films at times; such as the Inferno-style pool scene. The plot itself is not quite as good as the atmosphere as several scenes are drawn out far too long and the relationship between the characters is rather strange (particularly between the husband and wife). There's not a great deal of bloodshed but Bava does get to do a little bit with the special effects. The ogre itself looks really silly and it's a good job that we don't get to see it very often. We do boil down to a fitting if highly predictable ending and overall I have to say that this film is much better than expected and comes recommended.
critique439 Well now this was certainly a surprise episode. In this anthology science fiction series with all of this Alien Beings Extraordinary Occurrences and many Brushes with the Hereafter this episode would certainly rate as unusual. Its seemingly insignificant settings apparently not imparting any morale at story's end. Or does it? Kicking off with the Silent Movie Form no recorded dialog but having Musical accompaniment. In this case it's on the sound track not utilizing the Playing of Organ or Piano by an on sight Musician. This part of the episode along with the ending section also made liberal use o Title Cards just like "the Old Time Movies." While these Titles are a bit exaggerated and overdone they are made so intentionally and with an affection for rather than any contempt for The Silent Film.<br /><br />Veteran Comedy Film Director Norman Z. McLeod was the man in the Chair for this half-hour installment. He had been the Director of many of the greatest comedies of all time featuring people like the Marx Brothers W.C. Fields Harold Lloyd and Danny Kaye. He was no stranger to to TV as he had done a lot of work on Television Series.<br /><br />It doesn't appear that he and Mr. Keaton had ever worked together before(as I cannot find any evidence of this)' but judging by the outcome of the film they succeeded in doing so with flying colors! Anyone who directed Keaton was aware that Buster was also a fine comedy Director as well as a Comedy Player. He was just as comfortable behind the camera as he was in front of it. Their short partnership must have been a harmonious one with 'give and take' about how to do things. It is apparent that many of the gags were Keaton's resurrected from his own Silent Picture Days. For example the gag of putting the pair of pants on with Rollo's(Stanley Adams assistance was done by Keaton and Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle in one of the Arbuckle 2 Reelers THE GARAGE (1919). That was a clear example of his craft in a nutshell.<br /><br />Buster knew that we film our world with a camera rendering it a two dimensional image. This one fact is at the bottom of so many of gags. It is a Cardinal Rule for his film making.<br /><br />The cast was small and once again just chock full-of veteran talent. Stanley Adams was Rollo and served as Mr. Keaton's straight man. Jesse White the old 'Maytag Repair Man' ran the fix it shop that fixed the 'Time HJelmet'. Gil Lamb serene veteran of RKO Short Comedy series was the 1890's Cop. James Flavin George E.Stone Harry Fleer Warren Parker and Milton Parsons all rounded out this largely silent cast.<br /><br />Without spilling the beans let's just say that yes there is probably a lesson to be learned here. If not the one already mentioned "The Grass Always Looks Greener on the Other Side of the Fence!" then how about "Be Careful in What You Ask For Because You Just May Get It!"
critique440 I'm sitting here Nov 2006 and I still can't help rave about this movie. Arnold's best movies came in about a 4-5 year span. Running Man Predator and Total Recall (1990). All 3 are amazing. The cheesy one liners by Arnold in this movie will make you laugh on more than one occasion. I find the acting in this movie surprisingly good as was the case in Predator and Totall Recall. They did a great job in trying to make the scenes futuristic as it is supposed to take place in 2017 but you can't help but snicker at the 80's style haircuts on the men and woman in the crowd and the normal television monitors in the Running Man studio which we all know here in 2006 are on the way out with the emergence of flat panel and HDTV's. Also the computer graphics of the "The Running Man" game show intro would not look like that in 2017. Nevertheless the storyline is absolutely fantastic. Not once during this movie did I want to get up and not care about the ending which is something I do often with today's movie's. I really think that Arnold's acting is much better than he's given credit for. Now I would not have elected him governor but that's California for you. Buzzsaw Dynamo Fireball SubZero are fantastic "stalkers" as well and I find the producers don't try to overkill the fight scenes. When the stalker is dead...he's dead. It doesn't go on for 20 minutes each. The stalker scenes are quick and entertaining but they don't try and overplay it. I give this movie a 10/10 and that's coming from someone who doesn't enjoy a lot of movies these days. If you get the right actors and the right story then the futuristic graphical displays that you'd see in 2006 are not important or necessary.
critique441 We really liked this movie. It wasn't trying to be outrageous controversial clever or profound. It was just entertaining and was what it said on the box a charming romantic comedy. Every other Brit film maker seems to want to change the world nice to see one that just concentrates on telling a good yarn with elegant style.
critique442 This is the greatest show ever made next to south park. I love this show! it is so funny and Peter's laugh is hilarious. You need to watch this show right away for the few people who have never seen this show before. One of my favorite shows of all time.<br /><br />If you can try to see some of the later episodes such as I dream of Jesus or Tales of a third grade nothing. But there's never been an episode I didn't like. All of the episodes are absolutely hilarious. It's got a great satire to it as well. You can find a lot of clips on you tube. If you're somewhere near a computer or a TV see it right away however you can.
critique443 I had never seen Richard Thomas play a bad guy. I wasn't sure I would like him this way. And I wasn't sure he could pull it off. But this astounded me. He sent shivers up my spine and caused me to take a closer look at street people. The movie is engrossing and fast paced. Bruce Davison is convincing but all he can really play is a nice guy. The real talent here is Thomas. The ending was a little clumsy but perhaps that's the way real people would fight... If you are a Thomas fan you MUST see him here at his best being bad!
critique444 A great 90's flick! Parker Posey is fabulous in this story about the nightlife in Manhattan that requires so much cash. Posey gives an amazing performance as a librarian and a night crawler. This is a good light movie for Saturday night before you go out. The soundtrack rocks the outfits are out of this world the script is funny and the actors do a great job. The redeeming value : you can make it in this world if you try just find your niche. I believe Parker Posey is the PERFECT actress for this kind of character: young fabulous and broke. (You must look up the movie "Clockwatchers" ). If you watch Party Girl you are bound to have a good time. Enjoy!
critique445 To those who say that this movie deserves anything below the unflaunting grace that it showed I disagree. This is an amazing documentary about a shocking day.<br /><br />IMDB asks us to rate this movie. I beg you to consider the fact that the documentary was made. The courage that it took to shoot this film is most notable. We find that the two brothers are split up when that moment happened. They continue to document the bravest of the brave without knowing about their own and eachother's safety. To judge whether it's nobler to shoot a video of that tragedy or to save the lives as those amazing amazing firefighters did is not mine to answer. I just know that in 30 years a class full of children will not know one without the other.<br /><br />I submit a wholehearted 10. This is why the art of filming was created! To capture the natural emotion that real life offers. You can keep your kung-fu junk. Romance is cute. Action will never reach this level. This movie 9/11 will be timeless in that it did not glorify itself. It didn't have a sneak-peek. It didn't have all of the blatant vanities that a lion's share of the many movies on the many screens blare. It had class composure substance and it had a record of the day that changed the modern face of America and even the world. It spoke of things inescapable to the eye of the camera. Please consider this movie as it itself proclaims a stirring tribute to all of those who fell because of the free beautiful name of America.<br /><br />How can you give anything less to a movie that shows not embellishes the natural bravery of real people acting in unreal times. I love "The Godfather" but "9/11" is forever a different kind of movie as this is now a different kind of world. It is art without question or questions.<br /><br />jf
critique446 Boogie Nights was without a doubt the best film of 1997. I could watch this movie over and over and over and still love it. I'm in no rush to watch that overblown romance/disaster epic Titanic again. The fact that Boogie Nights did not even receive a Best Picture nomination just goes to prove how predictable and narrow-minded the Academy is. Only Atom Egoyan's The Sweet Hereafter and Robert Zemeckis's Contact came close to being as great as Boogie Nights. No other filmmaker in recent years has come even remotely close to making a film as good as Tarantino's Pulp Fiction -- until now. Paul Thomas Anderson rose to the challenge and succeeded. Just as Tarantino gave John Travolta's career a kick P.T. Anderson has given Burt Reynolds the kick that his career needs. Boogie Nights will also undoubtedly make stars of Don Cheadle Heather Graham and John Reilly. Overall a wonderful film. The best since Pulp Fiction. Maybe even better.
critique447 I actually like the original and this film has its ups and downs. Here's just a few:<br /><br />Ups: Most of the original voice cast returned.<br /><br />Downs: I didn't like the voice of Timon's Ma. I know she did a voice in The Simpsons but that show is just plain stupid. <br /><br />Ups: We get to see Simba as a "teenager."<br /><br />Downs: They wasted it with a slug-slurping contest between Timon and Simba. <br /><br />Ups: It was Rafiki who told Timon about "Hakuna Matata."<br /><br />Downs: How did Pumbaa find out about it?<br /><br />Ups: Songs again. (some of the original songs were there but they were just background music.)<br /><br />Downs: But stupid songs. (a.k.a. Timon's solo.)<br /><br />Overall this is a pretty good movie. I'd recommend it for fans of the original. But if you don't like the original chances are you won't like this one.<br /><br />My Score: 7/10
critique448 Film follows four friends from the 1950s (when they're in high school) up to 1981. They are Danilo (Craig Wasson) a Yugoslavian immigrant; Georgia (Jodi Thelan) a "free spirit"; David (Michael Huddleston) who has no personality and Tom (Jim Metzler) a big strong handsome rugged guy. All three of them are in love with Georgia but she only loves Danilo. The film mostly focuses on those two--it chronicles their lives love and attraction to each other over the years. It also gets into Danilo trying to win the love of his tough immigrant father. <br /><br />I love this film but it's not without its bad points. Thelan's high squeaky voice is annoying (but you get used to it); the story jumps around very quickly; Tom and David's lives are never explained (Tom shows up with a Vietnamese wife and kids and David has a wife we never meet until the end); some crucial scenes are badly written and there's some obvious pre-release cutting (probably to keep the film at 2 hours).<br /><br />But everything else is so good you can easily forget the problems. The story is compelling--you really get to know and understand the characters and always get caught up in the lives. With a few exceptions the script (by Steve Tesich) is good--in fact Tesich was a Yugoslavian immigrant himself and based much of the script on his own experiences. All the acting is great--especially Thelan and Wasson--also Reed Birney throws in a strong likable performance as Louie Danilo's college roommate. And Lois Smith is very interesting in her role. And look quick for Mercedes Ruehl and Glenne Headly!<br /><br />Basically it's a real great story about immigrants coming of age love of America and covers the 50-80s perfectly.<br /><br />This film was (unjustly) maligned on its release. The studio didn't know how to advertise it (it IS a hard film to market) and the critics stomped on it (Pauline Kaels' review in "The New Yorker" was particularly harsh). It barely played in theaters (I was lucky enough to catch it in 1981 in its short theatrical run) and has simply disappeared. That's a shame. This is a movie that is just ripe for reissue. I'm not betting on it--but you never know! A definite 10 all the way!
critique449 Rated E <br /><br />I never actually owned a Nintendo 64 but I have played one many times.In my opinion along with Conkers Bad Fur Day Super Mario 64 is one of the best video games for the Nintendo 64 system.I have played this game plenty of times and its good every time.If you have an N64 and don't have this game you should try to find it.The original Super Mario Bros games were side scrolling video games but Super Mario 64 has a 3D Mario in a nice 3D environment.The game is sort of weird but there is plenty of things you can do in the game.You play as Super Mario and once again you must rescue Princess and the 120 power stars from Bowzer.Now you can do it in a 3D environment.Super Mario 64 is a very fun and good N64 game and I recommend it.<br /><br />10/10
critique450 There have been many documentaries that I have seen in which it appeared that the law was on the wrong side of the fence - The Thin Blue Line and Paradise Lost come to mind first and foremost. But this is the first film that had me seething with anger after I saw it. It seems blatantly clear to me from the evidence presented in this film that what happened at Waco was at the very least an unprofessional and sloppy mess on the part of the FBI and AFI and at the very worst an act of murder. Like most people when the siege at Waco was occurring I assumed that David Koresh was a completely evil madman who was leading a violent cult. After seeing this I think that Koresh was more likely a slightly unbalanced and confused guy who inadvertently caught the attention of the U.S. government through his eccentric actions. Sure there were lots of weapons at the Branch Davidian compound. But none of it was illegal. It was absolutely heartbreaking to see the video footage of the people inside the compound all of them seeming to be very nice and harmless. And it was angering to see the callous testimony of the men in charge of the government forces on the Waco site the clueless testimony of Janet Reno and the partisan defense of the attack on Waco a defense led by a few of the committee Democrats. Standing out most in my mind was NY representative and current U.S. senator from NY Charles Schumer. I voted for the man when I lived in NY state - I'm a Democrat pretty left-leaning too. After seeing his actions on this committee I wish I could go back in time and vote for D'Amato instead! For anyone remotely interested in the government this is a very crucial film a must see. I even think this should be shown in classes - it's that important.
critique451 This is seriously one of the best low budget B movies that I have ever seen. I am not one to stand up and cheer during a movie but this one was definitely worth it. Obviously the premise is that there is a bed that eats people well...eats is a subjective term I guess it really secretes acid bubbles to suck the victims into itself and dissolves them in it's acidy goodness. The best part of this movie is that William Russ is one of the main characters. The typical family man actually started his career with this movie...and an afro. There is plenty of nudity in this flick so obviously not for the children but that should not deter anyone from seeing this movie. It is my belief that everyone needs a little Death Bed in their lives at some point or other it's best to get it sooner than later.
critique452 Jack Frost 2 is probably the most cheesiest movie I have ever seen in my life. The complete title of the film is Jack Frost 2: Revenge of the Mutant Killer Snowman. Horror movie fans that have a taste for campy story lines will be delighted to watch this. This film was straight to video and for good reasons. Here's why: The acting was so atrocious and so terrible that it could cause one to cry. The main character had no personality and the actor's bad acting made it all worse. The screenplay was was also atrocious. Each character always says a cheesy line and add the cheesy lines to the bad choreography then you have something bad. Second the story line isn't really all that impressive but since this movie was straight to video it is forgiven. The director and writer could have turned the idea of a killer snowman into something cool but they didn't. They story has lots of plot holes in it. In the beginning a cup of coffee gets knocked into the fish tank with the melted Jack Frost. Scientists try to restore his life but they couldn't. Once the cup of coffee fell into the tank Jack Frost was completely restored. Now he is immune to anti-freeze. In Jack Frost part 1 the main character's DNA got mixed up with the Anti-freeze that was used to kill Jack Frost. Since the main character is allergic to bananas Jack Frost is too. Hence here's my point. They say that Sam's DNA combined with Jack Frost's. But one of the scientists had some saliva on the cup so when it fell into the tank the scientists DNA would have been combined with Jack Frosts. Another thing the special effects weren't very good either. Here's the good points: Jack Frost 2 has lots of blood that looks pretty realistic. Even though this movie is flawed to hell it is still entertaining. Overall Jack Frost 2 is an enjoyable horror movie. The first one was better though. 7 out of 10.
critique453 Henry Hathaway was daring as well as enthusiastic for his love of the people of the early days in US history. However to critique historical inaccuracies of his film about Brigham Young and the Mormon people are not necessary or useful in commenting for this film. In my opinion Hathaway did superb direction that conveys what a Mormon people were in the early history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints during the time period beginning with the martyrdom of Joseph Smith to the date of film release. In often subtle filming and dialog delivery he covered Mormon philosophies and teachings in many of the segments and scenes.<br /><br />I remember watching this movie on many Saturday mornings during my youth in the early 1950's. That was just over 10 years after the films release and before the Los Angeles Temple was completed which I watched being constructed and instilled more curious wonder of who Mormons were. I recently purchased this film and will enjoy the following messages that Hathaway interpreted in his film.<br /><br />1. Love for all people regardless of their personal beliefs 2. Charity to those in need or not 3. Family is high in importance 4. Listen respectfully and carefully because even opposing messages have important points to consider and adopt 5. Work hard both individually and in community 6. Prepare and store for future days of need 7. Hope is a binding link to a higher being and for our daily lives 8. And that there is a unique quality to any group and appreciate those that are identified as beneficial.
critique454 Spoiler begin The movie focuses on three friends Samantha (Summer Phoenix) Chris (Nick Stahl) and Owen (Aaron Paul). The movie starts out with Sam and Owen as the drug addicts and Chris the track star as the one who takes care of them. As things get increasingly worse at home for Chris he asks Sam what the drug is like. Sam is out of rehab and sober by this point and tells him it makes everything better. Chris then catches up with Owen and they start using. It takes chris two times till he is a " full time member". After some trouble with a dealer and a confession to Sam she gets in again. So begins the downward spiral for them. Chris od's when he breaks a promise to Sam (I want some of the movie to be a surprise). He dies Sam gets in to college to be an Architect and Owen gets arrested. so ends the story<br /><br />Spoiler ends. minor spoilers throughout<br /><br />Nick stahl is amazing. He will have an Oscar one day. His portrayal of Chris was Heartbreaking. He was the only one that felt real in the movie as far as drug use goes. Aaron Paul who played Owen acted as if he were on speed not heroin. Summer Phoenix was fine she is talented but what can i say Nick Stahl stole the movie. His drugged eyes his slow movements everything was perfect. <br /><br />The writers needed to show withdrawls in the movie. That is a main reason why people don't want to quit. Other then that there are hilarious scenes (the mall scene and the Backstreet boy sceneman Stahl nailed the reactions right on the head.) Touching sad scenes (Like the scene between Sam and Chris in her bedroom after he gets beat up i bawled and the park scene.). It was realistic too. Like S am using again when Chris wanted to flush the drug down the toilet and Chris using again after he goes to Own's even though he had been clean for two weeks the pull was too strong. it is all realistic. <br /><br />Watch the movie for a great cast great music and a semi- truthful account of drug addiction.
critique455 After watching "Waco: The Rules of Engagement" I was just sitting in disbelief of what I was witness to. A big cover up by the FBI a massacre by gung-ho/trigger happy government agents? I clearly remember the Waco standoff I was 17 years old at the time and watched it all on CNN. I remembered reflecting about all the children as I watched the Mount Camel compound burn in April 1993. I remember feeling sorry for the children but clearly felt that it was the fault of their evil leader David Koresh and the other Davidians. Gazecki's film shows clearly and beyond doubt even though it is biased that the FBI lied over and over again. I think that this film was a big contributor to the reopening of a new investigation of the incident in 1999. The outcome of this new investigation was in some sense predictable the judgement relied on fact that was just as grey as the facts that the Davidians presented. I was very disappointed about the verdict because as far as I know it didn't take into account all the lying misinformation and evidence cover-up by the FBI and other officials. Why have no one be prosecuted for hampering the work of the Texas Rangers investigators? Why were they allowed to contaminate the crime scene and bulldoze the compound shortly after the incident? These are questions that I haven't been given answers to by the government. Most importantly what about the children? In this new investigation I haven't been informed about who was responsible for spraying the CS flammable tear-gas into a compound with many hazards for igniting this gas and I haven't found any answer to whether the children's muscles contracted due to the effects of the gas while they were alive. If they did I would surely think that the Janet Reno or who ever was in charge of the raid should be indicted for mass-homicide or manslaughter. The question that was raised by Gazecki but not mentioned is; Was is a direct plan for the people in charge and their tanks to cut holes and burn the building down with intent? (a plan that would have been accomplished with 112% efficacy) or were the officials in charge so incompetent that their were unaware of the consequence of their actions? Both are equally frightening. Even if the Davidians set fire to the compound the officials in charge surely provided them with the opportunity to do the job. If the officials in charge knew as they claimed that the Davidians would set fire to the compound why the fÃ‚Â… did the tanks cut all the holes in the building making it into a furnace and why didn't they have plans to deal with the fire that they knew would occur? Dark questions that still won't go away The final and most relevant issue of this film is the way that the Davidians are demonized by the government through the media who just feeds it in to the public. I clearly remember the resentment I felt for the evil Davidians that I saw on CNN in 1993. Now that I'm older I can see a clear line of communication coming out of the government every time they are gearing up for a massacre of civilians along with the intended targets. Demonizing people with words like; "they have different unlawful values then us" "they don't enjoy freedom" and "they are a threat to our freedoms and way of life" makes them so much easier to killÃ‚Â…Ã‚Â
critique456 It's been a long time since such an original quite funny black comedy has surfaced. If "Eating Raoul" is on your top 100 list do yourself a favor and find "Undertaking Betty" immediately. The subject of death being funny has been attempted before (see Paul Bartel and Mary Woronov in "Mortuary Academy"). While that movie has some brilliant moments of black comedy "Undertaking Betty" is much more steady with a better cast. Who could imagine that the undertaking business might be fertile ground for an original uplifting and heartfelt comedy? I was surprised and you will be too. I highly recommend seeing "Undertaking Betty" - MERK
critique457 Classe Tous Risques (The Big Risk) is a French gangster movie that doesn't try for style. That's why it has style. Because the movie is so underplayed and so matter-of-fact it becomes more and more involving. And because Abel Davos is played by Lino Ventura we wind up emotionally invested in this taciturn tough killer who loves his wife and kids has an encounter with customs agents on the shore near Nice at night that neither he nor we expect and who proves just as willing to shoot a cop or a betrayer with as little emotion as flicking off a bit of lint. We first meet Davos in Italy with his wife and their two small boys one about 9 and one 4. <br /><br />"This man was Abel Davos sentenced to death in absentia" we're told. "On the run for years he had watched his resources dwindle even as his anxiety kept him on the move. With the Italian police closing in each day France was again his best bet. Maybe he'd been forgotten." <br /><br />Davos was a top gangster in Paris who took care of his friends. That was several years ago. A heist to give him money to return to France goes very wrong. Now he's hiding out with his two kids. He calls his friends in Paris to help him out. He and his kids need to get from Nice to Paris but the police are hunting him and they've set up roadblocks. For Davos' two best friends time has passed and they've moved on. They don't want to put themselves at risk and for what? Obligation gives may to caution. So they hire a young thief Eric Stark (Jean- Paul Belmondo) to pick up Davos and the children in an ambulance then to drive to Paris with Davos heavily bandaged and the children hidden. We're on a journey where Davos' options are increasingly limited where he must find ways to have his children cared for where he realizes there are no more ties of friendship where betrayal seems likely and where quite possibly his only friend left is Eric Stark. <br /><br />This somewhat cynical movie works so well because it does its job without fussing about. There are no trench coats with pulled-up collars no toying with the melodrama of the gangster code so many French directors have loved. Classe tous Risques gives us Abel Davos a man who once was somebody who now is sliding down to be nobody and who reacts with violence and resignation. <br /><br />Lino Ventura dominates the movie yet when he is paired with Jean-Paul Belmondo a curious chemistry happens. Ventura as Davos is grim and worried about caring for his sons. He is humiliated by his situation. He is a tough man who sees killing someone if needed as just part of the business he's in. Belmondo as the young thief who initially is sent to be an expendable driver and winds up being a friend to count on provides the brightness that keeps the movie from being just one more ride down the elevator. Belmondo was 27 and looks younger. His unlikely star power as a lead actor -- broken nose under-slung jaw -- shines right off the screen. He makes Erik a match for Ventura when they share a scene. And Belmondo's scenes with Liliane (Sandra Milo) the young woman who becomes his girl friend radiate charm and good-natured sex appeal. The ending is bittersweet fate and without a stylistic posture in sight. We hear Davos say "Abel's gone. There's nothing left." It would be well worth watching Classe tous Risques to learn what he means. <br /><br />There are many fine French gangster films. I'd place this one right there with Touchez Pas au Grisbi and Bob le Flambeur. To see one of Lino Ventura's finest performances watch Army of Shadows.
critique458 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique459 I really love action/adventure films and this is one of the best. Of course we love the stars of this genre Bruce Willis Sly Stallone Clint Eastwood Kurt Russell Arnold Schwarzenegger and the rest but its the story that really counts. The best are somewhat feasible but we can tolerate those that are a little "over the top" as in the comic book style of action. The more twists and turns the more dire situations the heroes are involved in and the more shocking moments in the film; the more we action/adventure fans enjoy them. "In the Line of Fire" has ALL the elements required for a rip-roaring action thriller. It has Clint Eastwood as a near-retirement Secret Service Agent whose one bad moment of failure haunts him. It has one of the most evil despicable maniacal villains in John Malkovich the type in which you can't wait to see him "get his due". It has Rene Russo as the 'love interest.' It has twists and turns an occasional shock and even a touch of warmth and humor. It is extremely well paced by director Wolfgang Petersen and even has a score by the great Ennio Morricone. This one is a real roller coaster ride of a thriller! Don't miss it!
critique460 From the first to the last scene this film is made very realisticallyeven too realistically that sometimes we can't see details in night scenes(it's dark as real night)in the desert(sunshine is so strong as in real desert). <br /><br />Script and actor's play are also very realistic. Shots and episodes are edited not to show things and events "effectively" to "explain" them oras many Hollywood films do to "entertain" viewers. Editing here is to represent the events as if they really happened in Afganistan. Camera is set sometimes far from dying solders even the moment when the main character Major Bandura is shot and killed.<br /><br />Such method reminds me of masterpieces of Italian neo-realism. And the construction of the story here is based on the same principles as "PaisÃƒÂ "or "The Bicycle Thief"--chronological series of "true to life" episodes and a few pathetic moments which at first seem to be sudden and illogical but have inner reasons.<br /><br />I think the inner reason of Major Bandura's suicidal death is religious emotion--Repentance for innocent people's death(not only his accidental killing of family in the village but also death of solders under his command).He is not depicted as a eager believeron the contrary he is depicted as tactful and responsible officer.Exactly for this reason his last decisions(to go back to the destroyed village and to turn his back to an armed boy whose family he killed)seem an act of Repentance. <br /><br />The Russian Orthodox choral which sounds at the end("Evening Sacrifice")is another contextby which all the film can be seen from this point of view.
critique461 I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed during an actual qualifying match for the 2006 World Cup Offside works brilliantly as both a comedy and a tragedy. The film follows the fortunes of a group of young women who are caught trying to sneak into a football match at Tehran's Azadi Stadium. The country's Islamic religious leaders have decreed that women may not sit with men at sporting events lest they be exposed to cursing and other morally questionable behaviour. This hasn't stopped the country's young female fans who continue to sneak in using various tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group who have been caught and are being detained agonizingly close to the action. They beg the bored soldiers guarding them to let them go or at least to let them watch the match. The soldiers tell them they shouldn't have tried to get in that they could have watched the game at home on TV. They banter back and forth in almost real-time as the game continues just off- camera.<br /><br />There is one very funny sequence where a young soldier accompanies one of the girls to the restroom. Since there are no female restrooms at stadiums he has to clear the room of any men before he can allow her to go in. Plus he makes her cover her face so no one can see she's a woman. This is accomplished using a poster of Iranian soccer star Ali Daei as a mask with eye holes punched out.<br /><br />You get a real sense that even the soldiers are baffled by the prohibition and are only carrying out their orders so as to hasten the end of their compulsory military service. One soldier complains that he was supposed to be on leave so he could take care of his family's cattle in the countryside. Little by little the girls and the soldiers talk to each other and there are numerous small acts of kindness on both sides to show that these are basically good people living in terrible circumstances. However the soldiers' constant reminder that "the chief" is on his way lends a sense of menace since we don't know what sort of punishment the women will face.<br /><br />Unlike most Iranian films which are known for their strong visuals Offside is filmed in a realist style with no artifice. In fact the film was made during the actual qualifying match against Bahrain that took place on June 5 2005. The "plot" in many ways was determined by the result on the pitch. If Iran won the match they would qualify. If they lost they would not. Since the World Cup has come and gone I don't think it is a spoiler to say that Iran won the match. The scenes of celebration at the end of the film were real and spontaneous which gave the film a real authenticity. Seeing how much this meant to the people of Iran was deeply touching.<br /><br />As well one of the young women makes reference at the end of the film to seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan match on March 25 just a few weeks before. They were trampled to death after police began to spray the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that this was a real-life tragedy added another level of poignancy to the celebrations.<br /><br />I don't want to go off on a long political tangent but this film gave me real hope that there are those in Iran who are hoping for change and working at it. Iran is a nation of young people and it is only a matter of time before they take the place of their elders in the political sphere. Films like this one show the proud spirit of the Iranian people in spite of their present difficulties and it's my sincere hope that there is a brighter future for them.
critique462 If you like detective and police shows and you like suspenseful movies then you will love this movie!! This movie is great! Christopher Meloni has amazing acting skills. You may think you know who the killer is in the beginning but you don't. This movie is about the true story of the murder of Martha Moxley. Watch the movie!!
critique463 I love just about everything the late Al Adamson directed in his long and varied career but "The Possession of Nurse Sherri" stands head and shoulders above fun yet admittedly grade-Z schlockfests like "Horror of the Blood Monsters" and "Dracula Vs. Frankenstein". This film is actually scary! Am I saying that you're going to jump out of your seat when you watch "Nurse Sherri"? No of course not. But this pastiche of elements from "The Exorcist" "Ruby" and "Carrie" is one of those nice eerie little horror movies common to the seventies. You can't put your finger on what's so spooky about it but the film drips with atmosphere. (And what an ending! Don't worry I won't spoil it for you.) Adamson and producer Sam Sherman really nailed it with this one and it doesn't matter whether "Nurse Sherri" was a calculated success or a happy accident. Jill Jacobson is likable but not outstanding as the hapless nurse who becomes possessed by the spirit of a recently deceased cult leader (Bill Roy who shines in his brief role). Geoffrey Land is okay as her surly doctor boyfriend. There are some blaxploitative elements here (profit was the bottom line with these cheap drive-in flicks after all) but they actually contribute to the plot rather than just being window dressing. "Nurse Sherri" was a Poverty Row production and it shows at times (sets special effects etc.). Still the film has heart mostly decent acting and direction and some genuine chills. Sam Sherman also saw fit to use Harry Lubin's theme music for the late '50s/early '60s television series "One Step Beyond" in this film which certainly adds to the creepy atmosphere. The DVD contains two significantly different cuts of the movie (the early version features a lot of T&A that wound up on the cutting room floor to make way for more horrific stuff) as well as the theatrical trailer the TV spot and a great commentary by Sherman. Does anybody know whatever happened to Bill Roy by the way? Next to John Carradine he's the best actor I've ever seen in an Al Adamson film and he plays the cult leader like he means it.
critique464 The film is hugely enjoyable with a great cast and excellent direction by James Eves. The movie is entertaining with a very charismatic performance from Stephanie Beecham and everyone is perfectly cast. James Eves has a good eye for casting and directs like a conductor knowing exactly when to crank up the action fall and then rise to a climax. He does this with an element of humour Plenty of twists thrills and blood. This is a return of the old vampire movie with loads of gore blood and screams. The movie works at a great speed and the characters take you on a terrific adventurebut what makes it work is that the film doesn't take itself too seriously with plenty of tongue in cheek action.Great !
critique465 I thought this was a wonderful movie. It touches every fiber of a human being. The love in the film is very intense. I thought it was Will's best performance to date. Great directing. Liked the editing. Music was great. Good use of flashback. This is the kind of movie everyone should go see. I hope people will get something wonderful from this. Overall excellent movie. I think Hollywood should make more movies with substance. Even action films can have a caring story. I like the fact that Will was very subtle in his acting. He had a purpose and a dedication that is rare to see. I would suggest watching this alone or with someone that you really care about. For me I found that the world stopped and my only focus was on the film. The outside world was suspended for a moment. It was a nice feeling with all this chaos going on in this world. And with this me generation it was great to see something(someone) that cared about other people more than himself.
critique466 The detective story is not typical for the Matrix Universe. It is a film-noir-esque private eye story with a strong narrator and a very rich feel. Rich in terms of its visual appeal. The snowing scenes the grainyiness it all stuns the eye.<br /><br />But what about the story? It is interesting even if it feels a little out of place. The agents hire a privat detective to track down Trinity. He finds out that they tried the approach before but with hazardous consequences for the hired detectives. Still he tries to locate her and eventually succeeds through Alice in Wonderland references and hackers and chat rooms. Then things begin to get interesting...<br /><br />All in all this is a perfectly satisfying short animated movie.<br /><br />8/10
critique467 I had no expectations when I started to watch this movie. How surprised I was! This is a great beautiful twisted movie which will give your mind a good work-out! It's not simple. If you only enjoy Police Academy style no-brains movies this is not for you. The Cell is a deep complex film with influences from movies like Cube Silence of the Lambs and The Lawnmower Man along with lots of completely new ideas. Wonderful twisted environments good acting and a compelling story makes this one of the best films I have seen in a long time! Be open-minded and you will love it!
critique468 A very strong movie. Bruce is good and Brad also.<br /><br />As I think there are two cities missed in the receptionist list from the list Bruce remembered.<br /><br />That means the woman was a real insurance and she did her job.<br /><br />Well Novikov property seems to me work in this movie. However I do believe in Back to the future theory of worlds' multiplicity.<br /><br />So Bruce could save the world but not his world.<br /><br />In the theory of parallel worlds the man can meet himself.<br /><br />And I do believe there is no problem in that. Here I disagree with Dr. Brown from Back...<br /><br />But the story pf 12 Monkeys has its own beauty. Inspite of all these theories of one world or many or continuum one can believe that he is really insane and the doctor - his girlfriend was just lost.<br /><br />A sequence of events which may lead her to believe that he is from the future. The bullet - well it might be some mistake some falsification.<br /><br />Well I like this movie - has to buy a DVD.<br /><br />Best.
critique469 After having seen Deliverance movies like Pulp Fiction don't seem so extreme. Maybe by today's blood and bullets standards it doesn't seem so edgy but if you think that this was 1972 and that the movie has a truly sinister core then it makes you think differently.<br /><br />When I started watching this movie nothing really seemed unusual until I got to the "Dueling Banjos" scene. In that scene the brutality and edge of this film is truly visible. As I watched Drew(Ronny CoxRobocop)go head to head with a seemingly retarted young boy it really shows how edgy this movies can get. When you think that the kid has a small banjo which he could of probably made by hand compared to Drew's nice expensive guitar you really figure out just how out of their territory the four men are.<br /><br />As the plot goes it's very believable and never stretches past its limits. But what really distinguishes this film about four business men who get more than they bargained for on a canoe trip is that director John Boorman(Excalibur) breaks all the characters away from plain caricatures or stereotypes. So as the movie goes into full horror and suspense I really cared about all four men and what would happen to them.<br /><br />The acting is universally excellent. With Jon Voight(Midnight Cowboy Enemy of the State) and Burt Reynolds(Boogie Nights Striptease) leading the great cast. Jon Voight does probably the hardest thing of all in this film and that is making his transformation from family man to warrior very believable. Unlike Reynolds whose character is a warrior from the start Voight's character transforms over the course of the movie. Ned Beatty(Life) is also good in an extremely hard role come on getting raped by a hillbilly while Ronny Cox turns in a believable performance.<br /><br />One thing that really made this movies powerful for me is that the villains were as terrifying as any I had ever seen. Bill Mckinney and Herbert "Cowboy" Coward were excellent and extremely frightening as the hillbilly's.<br /><br />Overall Deliverance was excellent and I suggest it to anyone except for people with weak stomachs and kids. 10/10. See this movie.
critique470 In "Die Nibelungen: Siegfried" Siegfried was betrayed. Now Kriemhild seeks revenge. She marries Hagen and through a series of events finally engages in a very drastic (but fitting) action at the end.<br /><br />One of the things about watching this movie nowadays is that we can look at certain portrayals. Attila the Hun (called Etzel in the movie) is shown as the strange person from the east possibly an allusion to the Soviet Union. Obviously it was not Fritz Lang's fault that Hitler used "The Nibelungenlied" for German national pride in the Third Reich but one can see what the Fuhrer liked about the story. Nonetheless this is an absolutely formidable movie.
critique471 I guess I do not have too much to add. I found the comedy to still be funny after more than ten years since it came out.<br /><br />The one thing that I did notice was the music during the dialogue to be distracting and often made the movie very hook than it should have been. The use of songs is fine during the movie but the orchestral background is too busy too contrived and if the movie was ever to be edited for DVD I would seriously recommend that the background music be toned down to an almost inaudible level. It has cheapened the overall feel for the whole film and I can see subconsciously why a lot of people have passed it up.<br /><br />The film had a lot of levels working for it on the script plot and comedy level. It is too bad that the producer and director felt they needed the musical schlock to enhance the mood. Now knowing this I find it hard to watch and I quietly curse whoever was involved with the musical editing in the film. It had all the subtlety of a jackhammer.
critique472 I must admit that I had my doubts about this movie before I was going to watch it. The main reason for that is because it was compared to a Hitchcock movie. I've seen several movies that were said to be inspired by Hitchcock or that could have been made by the 'Master of Suspense' himself but so far I haven't seen any of these movie that would be able to stand the test of time. In my opinion Hitchcock has become a household name which is too easily used to promote some (cheap) thrillers but on the other hand I must admit that I was intrigued by it because this is a European movie. Normally it's the big Hollywood studios who like to abuse Hitchcock's name if that can raise their income. But this movie was made in one of the most chauvinistic European countries ever and I'm sure that most French would rather drop dead than to admit that their movies have been inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to give this movie a try and I must say that I'm glad that I did.<br /><br />"Sur mes lÃƒÂ¨vres" or "Read my Lips" as it is called in English tells the story of a young secretary named Carla. She is a hardworking and loyal employee but has never been very appreciated by her colleagues. That has much to do with the fact that she suffers from a hearing deficiency which has denied her to climb up on the hierarchical ladder of the company. But when she is allowed to hire a trainee that can work for her all this is about to change. Paul Angeli is a 25 year old and completely unskilled ex-convict. The man is a thief but Carla gives him a chance and covers for him when needed. She hopes to teach him what a regular life should look like but at the same time he drags her with him in his old life...<br /><br />Since I still believe that the name Hitchcock is used too often to describe a very good thriller - which this movie definitely is - I will not make any comparisons between Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard's directing. Fact is that the man has done a really good job with this movie. I hadn't heard of him before but it is true that he knows how to build up suspense and how to keep you interested from the beginning until the end. That also has a lot to do with the very fine and original story of course. I doubt if there is someone in Hollywood who has ever come up with the idea of using a handicapped woman in a powerful role instead of making her the helpless subject of an abusive husband (you know the typical TV-movie story).<br /><br />Also worth noticing is the acting in this movie. Vincent Cassel is quite famous but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete mystery to me. There is absolutely nothing glamorous about their roles but they both did an excellent job with their characters making them feel very believable and realistic. Paul could have been the average tough guy right out of jail and Carla the typically helpless woman but thanks to their performances you really believe that these are two strong people who both have had some bad luck in life but who will make the best out of it together.<br /><br />All in all this is a powerful movie with a very fine script and some excellent acting. Despite the fact that I had my doubts about it I've soon become one of its greatest admirers. I give this movie an 8/10. Don't hesitate to give it a try.
critique473 I thought it was one of the best sequels I have seen in a while. Sometimes I felt as though I would just want someone to die Stanley's killing off of the annoying characters was brilliant. It was such a well done movie that you were happy when so and so died. My only problem was in some scenes it looked like someone with a home camera was filming it and it was weird. Judd Nelson is cute at least in my opinion and he was excellent in the role as Stanley Caldwell. Brilliant movie.
critique474 Hello. This movie is.......well.......okay. Just kidding! ITS AWESOME! It's NOT a Block Buster smash hit. It's not meant to be. But its a big hit in my world. And my sisters. We are rockin' Rollers. GO RAMONES!!!! This is a great movie.............. For ME!
critique475 During the Clete Roberts preface I was beginning to think this was an Ed Wood production however what rolls out here is some pretty hard hitting stuff. The story of crime and corruption in a Southern town is told using a cast culled from Hollywood's Poverty Row and this makes the movie all the more realistic. There are no punches pulled here and at times the film is reminiscent of "The Well"(1951). The Black and White texture gives a newsreel-like quality. For certain younger viewers will be reminded of "The Blair Witch Project" but this one IS based on REAL events!
critique476 This film has gone in and out of fashion more often than the miniskirt. A triumph in the post-war period it was virtually forgotten by the 1970s except by students of cinema. Recently it has begun to get recognition as perhaps the most even-handed representation of soldiers' integration into post-war life ever made (and that most definitely includes films such as "The Deer Hunter.") I like it but my overall evaluation is somewhere between those extremes.<br /><br />The tale is a simple one. Three very different servicemen who have mustered out after World War II (The Big One!) fly home to their Midwest town and try to resume or create civilian lives. One has a disability one has a cushy job waiting for him and the other has nothing to go on but determination.<br /><br />There are some good but unfortunately uneven performances. Fredric March won the Best Actor Oscar for playing an old Sergeant who returns to his job at the local bank. Personally I think Jimmy Stewart deserved it for "It's a Wonderful Life" which also deserved the Best Picture Award but clearly this film touched a nerve with the post-war audience. As I said it was fashionable. March has one fantastic scene a humorous speech that brought to mind somewhat similar incident involving real WWII hero Pappy Boyington and otherwise is solid but unspectacular.<br /><br />I am going against the grain here but I thought that Myrna Loy who played March's wife was justly ignored by the Academy. I detected barely a hint of warmth from her. In fact I kept thinking she was going to slap Frederic March for annoying her. She practically grimaced every time they were together. Something was definitely missing there in her forced smiles and her air of tolerance rather than joyfulness. I think all this nonsense about her being "the perfect wife" is correct only if you think a passionless 1950s homemaker is your ideal. You may disagree with that but the Academy voters apparently did not. She is a major problem with this film terribly miscast.<br /><br />Dana Andrews as a former soda jerk who became a war hero then winds up behind the counter again is amazing. He is saddled with a wife who evidently married him right before he left for the war for all the wrong reasons and his future looks bleak. But then he chances upon March's daughter Peggy (Teresa Wright in a fantastic turn) and fireworks explode. Both are great but then comes that unevenness again that pervades this film. Some moments of pure soap opera intrude punctuated by the all-time classic line "I'm going to bust that marriage up!" The romance is uplifting and does mirror a common condition after the war that of returning servicemen finding love upon their return.<br /><br />Speaking of uplifting now we come to Harold Russell. He has a naturalistic quality to his acting or is it non-acting that rings just as true today as it no doubt did then. Taking a no-nonsense approach to his situation he is an inspiration. His best scene one of the best in all cinema is when he brings the girl who likes him up to his bedroom to show her the truth of his condition. "I'm lucky I still have my elbows unlike some of the boys." Truly great stuff.<br /><br />The film has some moments that soar. It also has some moments that belong in the afternoon soaps. Take the good with the bad and see this one for the high points.
critique477 I first saw this when I was a teen in my last year of Junior High. I was riveted to it! I loved the special effects the fantastic places and the trial-aspect and flashback method of telling the story.<br /><br />Several years later I read the book and while it was interesting and I could definitely see what Swift was trying to say I think that while it's not as perfect as the book for social commentary as a story the movie is better. It makes more sense to have it be one long adventure than having Gulliver return after each voyage and making a profit by selling the tiny Lilliput sheep or whatever.<br /><br />It's much more arresting when everyone thinks he's crazy and the sheep DO make a cameo anyway. As a side note when I saw Laputa I was stunned. It looks very much like the Kingdom of Zeal from the Chrono Trigger video game (1995) that also made me like this mini-series even more.<br /><br />I saw it again about 4 years ago and realized that I still enjoyed it just as much. Really high quality stuff and began an excellent run of Sweeps mini-series for NBC who followed it up with the solid Merlin and interesting Alice in Wonderland.
critique478 eXistenZ combines director David Cronenberg's traditional love of blood and gore and exploding heads with the more confusing aspects of a reality twisting David Lynch film. And it actually works effectively. I won't bother trying to give even the bare bones of a plot synopsis here because it'll only cause more confusion. All you need to know is that the film is about a virtual reality computer game that is so incredibly lifelike that it becomes difficult to tell the difference between reality and virtual reality. The film almost seems to abandon its technology fearing point at the end but then it throws in the final twist in the very last line of dialogue.<br /><br />There's also some very gross sexual imagery based around the 'bio-ports' in the protagonists backs as well as some very gross acting from Jude Law. He manages to come off as naive and stupid and boring and any other annoying habit you can care to think of. Jason Jennifer Leigh comes off much better and everyone else can be called a supporting character including Willem Dafoe in a functional if unspectacular role as a money-crazed mechanic. Overall eXistenZ is a very effective sci-fi film about the possibilities technology can present and the possible consequences it will receive.
critique479 I lack cable-vision and no longer have "DirecTV". So being a rural resident I have to wait for DVD releases. Being a lover of blondes but not blonds I of course not only have "Barb Wire" but I have "Stripperella: The Complete First Season". I've not yet found "VIP" or a second season for Stripperella. I have the "Baywatch Hawaiian Wedding" DVD. I have the issues of "Playboy" that Pamela Denise Anderson posed in. I could go on. I love Pamela! There is no one or anything that could make me feel guilty about enjoying Stripperella. But there are certain elements that I dislike but live with for other series depict smoking and alcohol consumption too some times. But those are my personal peeves and I try not to let them ruin the fun of a series like this for me. I too was taken aback by the change in animation style but I adapted. However the amount of female nudity decreased and that is a big disappointment as one expects a lot of it in a series with a premise like this. But then again I adapted. One of my favorite episodes of "Mork & Mindy" was when they got to meet Robin Williams! So of course one of my favorite episodes of "Striperella" is when Pamela & Tommy visit the club and the comparisons begin! If there really is a "Season 2" I hope that I can find it for as a completest I need to complete my collection. I recommend this for other admirers of the female form and lovers of blondes. (Hey! Psst! "Blonde" & "blondes" are the feminine form for spelling "blond"! Your software should already know that!)
critique480 The Charge at Feather River is a routine Western about the U. S. Cavalry against the Cheyenne Indians... The film carried a constantly mounting tension with some pleasant diversion...<br /><br />Guy Madison and Frank Lovejoy play the officers who rescue Helen Westcott and Vera Miles from the Indians...<br /><br />The outdoor scenes are well photographed specially the exciting Indian charge at Feather River at the climax of the movie with the rain of spears the fight to-the-death between Madison and Thunderhawk the sketches of the Guardhouse Brigade even a mouthful of tobacco juice used against a rattlesnake and the romantic interludes between our hero and Helen Westcott... All are here pictorially entertaining in 3-D and Technicolor...
critique481 This is my favourite film and I think it is perfect. Unlike virtually any other film I can name I never watch this film and think it would have been better if they'd changed this or that or whatever. Is this the definition of a work of art? I think so. Every brushstroke in Mishima is perfect and it all flows from the Schrader's script. I've always sort of liked Paul Schrader's work (you can't argue with Taxi Driver and Light Sleeper is an amazing film) but while his writing often seems to border on the bombastic his directing style is usually non-existent. This is deliberate I think because his films usually deal with a search for redemption and are set in the real world; ugly and harsh. His style suits his themes as he presents his characters in a simple and realistic way and lets them show the audience the truth of the situation. Imagine if Schrader had directed Taxi Driver or Bringing Out The Dead instead of Scorsese. But like the protagonists of those two films while Mishima the man was ideal Schrader material right-wing vain and at odds with society his works were subtle and beautiful. In fact he had a secondary writing career as a woman's writer churning out what can reasonably be described as romantic potboilers. So you wouldn't necessarily imagine that Schrader was the ideal man to capture that subtlety and beauty on film. I think the film shows that he was. The script he helped fashion splits Mishima the man into three parts; his life his death and his mind. His life is represented in black and white still camera formal compositions. His death for which he will always be best remembered is handheld documentary style. And his mind is represented by the dramatised extracts from his novels each one revealing the thought processes of this complex man who hardly ever wrote a character that wasn't a reflection of himself. These dramatisations are beautiful to look at thanks to Eiko Ishioka's remarkable production design and Schrader's imaginative staging. In all parts the acting is superb especially from Ken Ogata as Mishima who captures the essential charm arrogance and narcissism of the man. The photography is excellent throughout and contains images that the viewer will retain forever. Finally the music is simply superb perfectly matching the images although written and recorded before shooting adjusted during the editorial process and then re-recorded. How much the music influenced the shoot I do not know but it bonds perfectly to the image. I have seen many ideas of what various people think the theme of the film is what Schrader is trying to say. You know the big stuff about life death etc. But I do not think the film is saying anything. Mishima has already said it the film simply repeats.
critique482 This this coming of age dramedy set in Chicago in the early 60's we follow a group of highschool friends as they navigate through the ups and downs of their lives. The two central characters are Leroy "Preach" Jackson (Turman) and his best friend Richard "Cochise" Morris (Hilton-Jacobs.) Both of these boys have promising futures. Preach is a great writer but a lazy student and Cochise has just received a college scholarship for basketball. When they're not hanging out at the local diner shooting craps with their friends or hanging out at a friends house or chasing girls they're skipping school riding the trains through Chicago or going to quarter parties on the weekends.<br /><br />Things go wrong when Preach and Cochise make the mistake of getting involved with two hoods and go joyriding in a stolen car. The police pursue them and they are arrested. But thanks to the efforts of a concerned teacher (SNL's Garrett Morris) they are released. But the two hoods are not and vow to get revenge on Preach and Cochise thinking they blamed the whole thing on them.<br /><br />This movie is very episodic but it still works because thats what life is a series of episodes. Some funny some sad some romantic some bizarre. The film never gets boring because all the characters are so well played and realistic and the situations are all believable and relatable. Like Preach romantically pursuing a beautiful girl or a party turning violent when some asshole decides to start a fight or dealing with a bratty younger sibling. But even when a situation isn't personally relatable like the guys pretending to be undercover cops to con a hooker out of some money so they could get all their friends into a movie the sequence is still hilarious.<br /><br />'Cooley High' was the basis for the classic 70's sitcom 'What's Happenin!' which aired on ABC from 1976-1979. Even though the show is most famous for the character Rerun he is not in this film nor is there any character remotely like him. The humor of that show was very broad but still funny. The humor of 'Cooley High' is truer to life and thus more entertaining.<br /><br />Additionally the soundtrack is wonderful. Classic songs from that period by Diana Ross & The Supremes The Temptations Martha & the Vandellas and Smokey Robinson play throughout the film adding to the fun youthful exuberant tone of the film.
critique483 From the opening shots of the lead actor we are given a early view on how so many mens lives are run by the women in them and the humour that comes thru with all that goes on in the day to day of 'normal' life.<br /><br />Eric Lartigau the director picks up on how so many European men feel that they are in complete control of their lives yet without the help/support of the women around them cannot seem to make things work. The use of facial image throughout the film is superb and his clever positioning of the senior member of the family (mother) is spot on.<br /><br />While there are more than enough laughs in the movie it still deals with single parents/adoption and the strength of family in society. Truly rewarding to watch and again one that only the French seam capable to make.<br /><br />So far one of the best 50 or so Films I have seen this year and well worth a five start rating. I look forward to adding this one to the DVD collection when it is released and highly recommend it to all ages.
critique484 Several features of this film immediately date it. The sound is rather shrill and one realizes what great strides have been accomplished in sound reproduction in the ensuing years. The language of the dialogue is rather quaint and unnatural and the acting is still reminiscent of its transition from the stage techniques.<br /><br />Bette Davis always gives a strong performance in all her films as she does in this early period of her very successful career. I do feel however that somehow the cockney accent does not fit the facial expression. I think it is the assumed cockney accent that does not ring true for me.<br /><br />Somerset Maughan loves to delve into human relationships of great dramatic intensity which will please all movie-goers. As in so many of her character roles Bette Davis can switch from a beautiful seductive woman to a viper full of fiery hatred. Leslie Howard is well cast as the withdrawn English artist with a club foot desperately seeking a partner and making a bad choice in a scheming little waitress.<br /><br />Towards the end of the film the young doctor meets his true love in a busy street. They cross through the traffic completely oblivious to a multitude of horns and whistles screaming at them. This scene is possibly meant to be funny but i find it quite ridiculous in this otherwise very serious film. It is probably construed to send you home with a smile on your face. And after all as far as we can see (and hope for) it is a happy ending.
critique485 I am surprised than many viewers hold more respect for the sequel to this brilliant movie... I have seen all the guinea pigs and this one is easily the best.<br /><br />Even though ive seen the "making of" i still have doubts when watching those 35mins of pure torture : its that powerful.<br /><br />A 10 out of 10 because this movie achieved perfectly what it set out to do : be the best fake snuff film ever made.
critique486 This movie is truly worth seeing - Robin Tunney excels and Henry Thomas proves that he's one of those rarities the child 'actor' who grows up to become a real actor. The characters are perfectly drawn and in the wrong hands because of their depth they could have been unconvincing - but all the actors are simply astounding. The cast of this movie has to rank up there with that of "Girl Interrupted" (both movies coincidentally star the brilliant Clea Duvall). The score and music selections fit perfectly and there is plenty of action to prevent the movie becoming just a character study. If you want the story you won't find it in this review but I will say that the climax will haunt you for a long time.
critique487 everyone is a genius in something. Albert Einstien was a genius in science William Shakespeare was a genius in literature and the boys from the Chasers war on everything are truly comedy geniuses. Their satire TV show is a constant hit on the Australian broadcast commission ( ABC ). After a small start as a satire newspaper the chasers popularity skyrocketed when given their own television show. Never short on controversy with the cast members will do everything some of it even being arrested for. Chris Taylor going on Sunrise a very popular live morning television show and telling his partner to f***k off creating a fake motorcade and driving into APEC high security area and doing a very funny satire of a Australian ad about nicotine by following smokers around yelling out "NO GARY NO NO GARY NO". While controversial the show is increably funny and worthy of running for years to come.
critique488 Frailty--8/10--It's non-sensical title and "Bill Paxton Directs" headline aside this is a pretty good old fashioned rip snorting biblical horror thriller. In the end it may end up only being the inbred Southern Gothic cousin of Kubrick's "The Shining"---but hey that's a pretty damn entertaining notion. It's also got a doozy of a plot twist...and a very ambiguous moral message. This is the kind of movie that years from now people will catch late at night on basic cable and scare the beejesus out of themselves watching it. Too bad director Bill Paxton had to go hire himself to star...oh well....still a devil of a good rent.
critique489 Louise Brooks gives a wonderful performance in this well-made French melodrama. She plays a typist named Lucienne who despite being in love with a man named Andre dreams of rising above her position in life. She sees opportunity in a beauty contest for Miss Europe but Andre is furious when he discovers that she's entered then demands that she withdraw. She tries to take back her entry only to discover that she's already been chosen as Miss France and will now go on to the main pageant.<br /><br />This is a story of love loss and decision played out to its passionate end. The movie is very energetically filmed by director Augusto Genina and cinema tographers Rudolf Mate and Louis Nee. The filming style is more like modern movies than the Hollywood flicks of the '30s and shows the different style employed by Europeans. There are many fast cuts and traveling shots mostly done with great skill and verve. The high energy of the movie's first third dwindles a bit in the middle but picks up again in the last 15 minutes.<br /><br />The performances were very good by all the principals but that of Louise Brooks is especially memorable. Louise leans heavily on her silent screen skills even though this is a talkie but because her silent style had a surprisingly contemporary understated feel she makes the transition to talkies very well. The long early scene at the fair was especially poignant as Louise used her remarkably expressive eyes to convey her growing sense of misery and alienation of being trapped in a life she no longer wants. I doubt it's ever been done better.<br /><br />The film builds to a superb finale artfully shot powerful and stylish. This is really some of the best stuff of the early days of film. And the tragic storyline only underscores the greater tragedy that this is the final starring role for Louise Brooks. She wasn't just a great beauty who looked fantastic in a swimsuit she really was a major acting talent who basically threw it all away. We are all the poorer for that.<br /><br />This movie is less well known than her German films with G.W. Pabst but I think it's a better one. I think this crew is just better at storytelling than Pabst and while Prix de Beaute may lack the deep moral complexity of the Pabst films it's much easier to follow and is overall a more streamlined focused piece of work. And it doesn't hurt that Louise's singing parts are done by Edith Piaf either.<br /><br />Bottom line this is a classic Louise Brooks film well worth looking for.
critique490 Claire Denis's Chocolat is a beautiful but frustrating film. The film presents a very interesting look at the household of a European colonial family living in Cameroon giving the viewer an informative perspective on the lives of many characters and their interaction. However the development of these characters is often maddeningly insufficient. For example a central theme in the story is young France's inability to form strong relationships with others. Although this portrayal is executed flawlessly notably in the way that Denis frames the story with scenes from France's return to her childhood home the girl's lack of intimacy with the film's other characters makes it difficult for a viewer to invest much interest in her development (or lack thereof) as a protagonist. The general stagnation of the film's character development makes it difficult to become engaged in the loosely organized plot. The film raises a great deal of tension between characters particularly between Aimee and the men in her life but never fully addresses this social friction leaving the viewer unsatisfied. The final few scenes are powerful but depressing. Denis's work is certainly interesting from an intellectual and historical standpoint but if you are looking for a film with adventure or drama Chocolat is definitely not the best choice.
critique491 Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan Lord of the Apes is based on the classic book Tarzan of the Apes by Edgar Rice Burroughs and is a more faithful adaptation to the classic book the film has some great scenery like the Jungles of South Africa to the Greystoke mansion the acting is also great. Chirstopher Lambert did a great performance as Tarzan it was also his first English speaking role. The film has some funny moments sad moments and touching moments that makes this a real classic.<br /><br />The film sees a boat crashing in the Jungles of South Africa and some time later they have a son named John the Apes go into the hut and one of them kills the Father. The Apes then take him to where they live and adopt him as one of their own as the years go by John grows up and learns to be more like the Apes. In his teens his Foster Mom gets attacked by Native Hunters and soon killed by them years later a group of people are going to Africa on a expedition. After setting up camp they're soon attacked by the Natives most escape but Capitaine Phillippe D'Arnot is left behind injured by some of the arrows. After hiding he meets John now an adult who takes him to his home and takes care of his wounds after a while Phillippe starts to teach John how to speak English and teach him that he's not one of the Apes but a person. When Phillippe goes to leave John goes with him after sometime they arrive at Greystoke manor where the Sixth Earl of Greystoke is shown his long lost Grandson John is shown his bedroom and picture of his true Mom and Dad. John also meets Jane Porter and slowly as they get to know each other he begins to have feelings for her when it's Christmas the Sixth Earl of Greystoke slides down the stairs killing himself. John then starts to miss the Jungle and wants to return but Phillipe tells him to stay since everything they had done would be for nothing. John is then torn between his life as a Greystoke and the Lord of the Apes.<br /><br />Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan Lord of the Apes is a great classic that should be seen. 10/10
critique492 Robot Jox doesn't suffer from story or bad effects. I mean this was 1990 if you know what I'm talking about. RoboCop 2 still used the stop animation as most of the movies did throughout the '80s. If you look at your biggest blockbusters during this period most of them did what they could with the special effects shots that was available to them at the time. It wasn't until Terminator 2: Judgment Day was released the following year that a breakthrough in technology was realized and story boarders began to use that motive. But you'll have fond memories of Transformers Gundam Wing even Power Rangers if you watch this film. The enemy robot is very menacing. It makes you not want to face the man without a really good back-up plan. And there are some great moments within this film. A traitor/spy is working within their midsts. Who you think is on your side backing you up all the way could be the person you didn't expect him/her to be. And that's very troublesome to think so don't you agree?
critique493 Clint Eastwood returns as Dirty Harry Calahan in the 4th movie of the Dirty Harry series. Clint is older but he's still got it Harry was told to have a vacation after some trouble that happened because of a robbery (where the memorable "Make My Day" catchphrase comes from!) But the city he took a vacation was worse a woman turned vigilante after a rape attack in a funfair and starts getting the punks one by one. The last movie to see Sandra Locke in a Clint Eastwood movie! An improvement after The Enforcer which was a bit more of a comedy and less serious. Clint Eastwood's sunglasses were Gargoyles which are best known for the sunglasses that are worn by Arnold Shwartzeneger in The Terminator. Worth a watch if you like Clint Eastwood the Dirty Harry films or like action crime thrillers.
critique494 Being from the Philadelphia suburbs and extremely interested in local history this film provides an excellent vintage view of Philadelphia in the 1940s. There are scenes of downtown a train station that no longer exists 30th Street Station--which still does exist as well as scenes from the Northeast part of the city. Good shots of the old row-homes as they appeared then. The movie gets a bit "chatty" at times - causing the viewer to briefly lose interest...but the overall storyline is solid and very moving. Anyone who enjoyed this movie should also try to see the film "Bright Victory" also with local footage of the Valley Forge Army Hospital in Phoenixville PA - and scenes from downtown Phoenixville. The Army Hospital has since become a college campus. Neither of these films are out on any format and I can't imagine why. I have them both on VHS from home recording as shown on TCM in recent years. I highly recommend them to any other history buffs out there from my area!
critique495 John Cassavetes' 1977 film Opening Night is what critics usually call the work of such a significant artist 'overlooked'. It is an excellent film in its own right and one of the best portraits of a midlife crisis ever put to film. It's not a perfect film in that at two hours and twenty four minutes it's about a half hour too long and there's a bit too much emphasis on the drunkenness of the lead character Myrtle Gordon played by Gena Rowlands the wife of Cassavetes long after we've gotten the point. But only Woody Allen's masterpiece Another Woman which also starred Rowlands eleven years later is a better portrait of the internal conflicts of an aging woman. Yet Rowlands did win the Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this portrayal and it was well deserved. Often this film written by Cassavetes is easily compared to his earlier- and inferior- film A Woman Under The Influence but it's a spurious comparison. Rowlands' character in that film is severely mentally disturbed from the start as well as coming from a blue collar background while her characters in this film and in Allen's film are both artists who are haunted by apparitions. In this film it's the ghost of a dead young woman who can be seen as Myrtle's younger doppelganger while in Allen's film it's her character's own pastÃ‚Â…. Many critics have taken this film to be a portrait of an alcoholic seeing Myrtle surround herself with enablers such as a stage manager who tells her during opening night 'I've seen a lot of drunks in my time but I've never seen anyone as drunk as you who could stand up. You're great!' but this is wrong for alcohol isn't her problem- nor is her chain smoking. They are merely diversions from whatever thing is really compelling her to her own destruction and much to Cassavetes' credit as a storyteller he never lets us find out exactly what's wrong with Myrtle and despite her coming through in the end there's no reason to expect that she has really resolved anything of consequence. This sort of end without resolution links Cassavetes directly with the more daring European directors of the recent past who were comfortable in not revealing everything to an audience and forcing their viewers to cogitate even if it hurts.<br /><br />Yet the film recapitulates perfectly the effect of a drunk or fever lifting out of the fog and as such the viewer again is subliminally involved in its drama. Whether or not Myrtle Gordon does recover after the film's universe irises about her is left for each and every viewer to decide and as we have seen before that lid closes one's choices do matter.
critique496 I like the show but come-on writers get some action in it! Quit dragging it on and on. You have a great concept and it could be a whole lot more. Miles (Jenkins) is great and performs as a kid that age should act in the situation he finds himself in. Hey get creative with the creatures they may have telepathic capabilities or other out-worldly powers. The kid actors in the series are very good and convincing. The parents of Miles do appear to be a little too out-of-sense as to what is going on but develop this come on! you have a great seed here and there can be a whole new twist to next season with a lot of new characters and creatures and all kinds of neat sci-fi stuff. If they could make a series on a witch then you should be able to make one on these creatures and kids.
critique497 Gordon Parks the prolific black Life magazine photographer made a true ticking-timebomb of a movie here - one that does not mess around! Based upon the true story of two NYC cops - later dubbed Batman and Robin - who singlehandedly employed radical tactics to clean up their precinct neighborhood of drugs this is a cop-buddy movie before that term became a repetitive formula. Lightning paced there is not one unimportant throwaway scene here.<br /><br />Man early '70s NYC must have been a terrible place to be a police officer from the looks of movies like this and "Serpico." These two cops start out as safety-division rookies busting dealers in plainclothes in their spare time. But instead of receiving applause from the city police department they receive nothing but resistance and antagonism from their peers. They have to singlehandedly navigate a minefield of police and legal corruption boneheaded assignments meant to keep them from their work on the streets ruthless drug kingpins and a nasty ghetto neighborhood.<br /><br />Both David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic in the leads; part of the entertainment is watching Leibman's eyes darting around crazily in every scene in what is a flawless comic performance and Selby's acting is low-key and wry. These two make all the comedy aspects of the story work - displaying a palpable frustration mixed with gutsy determination. Director Parks who was already known for his coverage of controversial subjects in his photography does not shy away from the grittiness of the story. Rather the movie is uncompromising in portrayal of the toughness of the world of police and streets criminals that these two men inhabit. Adding to this realism is the fact that the real Hantz and Greenberg acted as technical advisors for the film and even appear in surreal cameo roles as two fellow officers who ridicule the protagonists. It is a real tribute to the effectiveness of Parks' direction that he manages to perfectly balance this depressing mileu with bright comedy.<br /><br />Why has MGM/UA let this sit on the shelf for 30 years - barely giving it a home video or DVD release in the U.S? It is a minor masterpiece from the 1970s.
critique498 I consider this movie a masterpiece but it took me at least 4 o 5 times to see it so as to realize what a great movie it was. First it describes a face of WW2 that we don't usually see in Hollywood movies. In particular German soldiers army and the Nazi government are shown more "humanized". One of the facts that impressed me most was the mention by the end of the movie of a murder that took place in a forest in the last 20's... that forest is the place where the final chapters of Berlin Alexanderplatz take place: those are the woods where Reinhold kills Mieze. Another clue for those who like the details is the representation of doors. Fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door or a door is opened. Many doors are shown in the screen opened and closed. And the characters change in their personality their acts etc any time that happens. Have you noticed that?
critique499 I first watched the Walking Tall movies when I was about 8 years old and I thought both Joe Don Baker and Bo Svenson did a great job they must have anyway because since watching the movies I have tried to learn as much about the real Sheriff Buford Pusser as I can. All 3 parts of the movie gave me chills and Buford Pusser was a true hero I only wish he were alive today and that there were more people like him. I would love to thank him for getting rid of all the crime and being so brave. I am very sorry that his family had to go through such horror and pain. My heart goes out to them. So from a 30 year old fan of Sheriff Pusser and of the 3-part Walking Tall movies and the actors that portrayed him please do not be negative about these movies and actors they were only trying to let us know what a wonderful man the real Buford Pusser was and what a great family he had. And to all the young people who may have not heard much about Buford I suggest you watch the Walking Tall movies and learn more about him.
critique500 The film is exceptional in it's gay iconography and extends this beyond the asthetics to the music and cast. Throughout the whole film exists a childlike wonder as seen through the eyes of the main character. Her lighthearted take on the world around us is comical and beautiful. In a way it's a slacker movie for girls. Watch this is you fancy a relaxing entertaining mid-night movie. Buy this if you like diferent takes on the world of media and love combined (?).
critique501 I first came across 'My Tutor Friend' accidentally one or two years ago while TV surfing. Prior to that I'd never watched any Korean films before in my whole life so MTF was really the first Korean film I've ever watched. And- what a delightful surprise! I was thoroughly amused from the beginning to end and had a great time laughing. Its comic style is quite different from those of the Hong Kong comic films (which I've been to used to all my life and hence tired of as well) breathing fresh air into my humdrum film viewing experience. I thought there're quite a few scenes and tricks in MTF that are pretty hilarious witty and original too.<br /><br />I watched MTF the second time a few days ago and having watched it once already the surprise/comic effect on me kind of mitigated. That has however by no means affected negatively my opinion of the film. Instead something else came through this time- it moved me- the story about how two young seemingly 'enemies' who're utterly incompatible get thrown together and how they gradually resolve their differences and start caring for each other without realizing the feelings themselves reminds me of the long gone high school days. To me Su Wan and Ji Hoon ARE actually compatible as they both have something that is pure and genuine inside them a quality that separates them from people like say Ji Hoon's sassy girlfriend.<br /><br />The film is divided into two distinct parts- the 1st part deals with the 'fight' between Su Wan and Ji Hoon and is more violent and faster in pace. After Ji Hoon gets a pass in his final examination and Su Wan dances the (in Ji Hoon's opinion) provocative dance things start to change. The pace slows down and... Ji Hoon suddenly realizes he cares for Su Wan more than he could ever imagine. So the 2nd part deals with the development of their mutual feelings leading of course to a happy ending accompanied by a final showdown with the gang boss.<br /><br />Just one last comment. I find this to be a bit unbelievable- the fact that a 21-year-old self-proclaimed 'bad boy' would feel embarrassed being almost naked in front of the girl he bullies and loses his 'cool' is just a little... odd. I guess that shows that Ji Hoon is just a boy pure at heart and isn't really what his appearance seems. Btw Kwong San Woo (Ji Hoon) DOES have a sexy body and perfect figure! ;-) <br /><br />MTF is definitely on my list of top 10 favorite films of all time.
critique502 What is most disturbing about this film is not that school killing sprees like the one depicted actually happen but that the truth is they are carried out by teenagers like Cal and Andre...normal kids with normal families. By using a hand held camera technique a la Blair Witch Ben Coccio succeeds in bringing us into the lives of two friends who have some issues with high school although we aren't ever told exactly what is behind those issues. They seem to be typical -a lot of people hate high school so what? A part of you just doesn't believe they will ever carry out the very well thought out massacre on Zero Day. The surveillance camera scenes in the school during the shooting are made all the more powerful for that reason. You can't believe it's really happening and that it's really happened. The hand held camera technique also creates the illusion that this is not a scripted movie a brilliant idea given the subject matter.
critique503 This film requires a lot of patience. Because it focuses on mood and character development the plot is very simple and many of the scenes take place on the same set - in Frances Austen's (the Sandy Dennis character) apartment. But the film builds to a disturbing climax.<br /><br />The characters create an atmosphere rife with sexual tension and psychological trickery. It's very interesting that Robert Altman directed this considering the style and structure of his other films. Still the trademark Altman audio style is evident here and there. I think what really makes this film work is the brilliant performance by Sandy Dennis. It's definitely one of her darker characters but she plays it so perfectly and convincingly that it's scary. Michael Burns does a good job as the "mute" young man. Regular Altman player Michael Murphy has a small part. The solemn moody set fits the content of the story very well. In short this movie is a powerful study of loneliness sexual repression and desperation. Be patient soak up the atmosphere and pay attention to the wonderfully written script.<br /><br />I praise Robert Altman. This is one of his many films that deals with unconventional fascinating subject matter. This film is disturbing but it's sincere and it's sure to elicit a strong emotional response from the viewer. If you want to see an unusual film - some might even say bizarre - this is worth the time.<br /><br />Unfortunately it's very difficult to find in video stores. You may have to buy it off the internet.
critique504 While watching this movie I was frustrated and distracted and by the end I wanted to give the movie a solid 4 or 5. I thought the animation was random and all over the place and there was too much going on. Even my A.D.D couldn't keep up. It felt like a slight acid trip. Everything looked flat there was no dimension to anything. There were so many shapes lines and patterns. I really wanted to stop the movie mid-way and smash my burned copy of this movie. But after I finish watching it I went online to read up on the movie and I should have done a little research into this movie before watching.<br /><br />The Secret of Kells is loosely based on the true story about the original Book of Kells. A small boy Brendan is given the task of penning new pages in what is set to be the greatest book ever written. This book will contain information that will help "change darkness into light." Brendan lives in the village of Kells behind huge stone walls. Taking place in the 8th century Brendan's uncle the Abbot of Kells is trying to build the wall to keep the Vikings out. Brendan's uncle insist he help complete the wall but a traveler and keeper of "the book" secretly trains Brendan to hone in on his illustration skills and convinces him to complete "the book" and carry out it's word.<br /><br />The entire time I watched the movie I thought I was missing something because I didn't really understand what was going on. I figured I was just missing a piece of Irish history. A simple Google search taught me all I needed to know about the original Book of Kells. After reading many articles my opinion of the movie greatly changed.<br /><br />The Book of Kells is a copied version of the first few books of the New Testament transcribed into Latin by Gaelic monks in Ireland in the 8th century. Along with it's paleographic and insular script the book is also beautifully illustrated in insular art a type of early art form know for it's intricacy complexity and miniature illustrations. Much of the art in the Book of Kells is depicted as lots of art was at the time flat and dimensionality challenged with no perspective. But what makes the Book of Kells stand out from other early pieces of art is it's use of many colors.<br /><br />The Secret of Kells is very colorful. I originally thought the animation was flat and boring. It reminded me a lot of the cartoon Samurai Jack which also had a flat and "amine" look to it. Once I learned about the art styles of the Book of Kells it's obvious that many of the styles from the book are mimicked in the movie. There are lines and swirls and various shapes that inhabit Brendan's mind. Whenever he goes into his imagination circular shapes resembling the sun cogs clocks and wheels begin filling the screen. The edges of the screen become framed in decorated moving triangles or circles. Transitions are filled with color and Celtic knots. From the trees to the floors many things in this world are covered in shapes or patterns.<br /><br />Clocking in at 70 minutes minus credits The Secret of Kells is a fun little history lesson with a little adventure and silliness thrown in to keep people (maybe just children) interested. I think one has to generally be open-mined to The Secret of Kells as half art piece half movie about history. Despite looking like it was animated with Adobe illustrator It's a very nice looking movie. But based on the 20 films submitted for Oscar consideration I don't think it was worth being nominated over Mary and Max.<br /><br />ThatWasJunk.Blogspot.com
critique505 D.O.A is an involving and entertaining little picture from start to finish. Dennis Quaid is at his caustic best; and Quaid is sadly one of the most underused talents in Hollywood. His then beau Meg Ryan also appears with him but as is usually the case doesn't really make much of an impact.<br /><br /> The film is stylishly directed throughout drawing on a number of influences to capture its 'seamy' feel. Would you credit that it's actually directed by two people? The answer is no. The whole thing is superbly slick from its innovative camerawork to its unabashed use of black and white photography. All these elements help to keep proceedings fresh.<br /><br /> Really the greatest thrill here is to be had with the dialogue it's snappy yet intricate doesn't waste a word and yet still manages to be entertaining. The screenplay for this is like a pocket work of art.<br /><br /> This went unnoticed by me for ages before I finally caught it late at night. If this is the first you've heard about it don't leave it like I did! Catch it soon it really is top-notch... !<br /><br /> If you're in the mood for a solid genre flick that manages to surprise at every turn this really fits the bill.<br /><br />
critique506 VHS - I have watched this over and over and LOVED every minute of it so much so I have now ordered the DVD I only wished the film could have lasted longer. I never worry about what other people think I prefer to make my own mind up and entirely disagree with the negative comments and will not let others spoil my enjoyment of the film whatsoever. Make up your own mind and don't let others put you off! I have all Jane Austen's BBC series but this is my FAVOURITE. I see there is to be a NEW Northanger Abbey released in 2007 which I will buy when it comes out but it will not stop me watching Northanger Abbey released in the 80's.
critique507 In 2151 in Broken Bow Oklahoma a farmer shoots the Klingon Klaang with his plasma rifle after the explosion of a methane store in his farm and the Klingon is sent to the Starfleet Hospital. The Vulcan ambassador Soval proposes to unplug the life support system and bring the corpse of Klaang to his warrior empire in planet Kronos with honor. However Captain Jonathan Archer proposes to go with the Enterprise in her first voyage and bring back Klaang alive to his home planet. Jonathan invites Ensign Hoshi Sato and Dr. Phlox who is treating Klaang to complete his crew and the Vulcan Sub-Commander T'Pol is assigned to participate in the dangerous first mission of Enterprise. When the equipment of the starship is shut-down Klaang is kidnapped by Sulibans after a shooting in the hospital. After the autopsy of the Suliban killed in the shooting Captain Archer is informed by Dr. Phlox that the alien was actually a mutant altered in a sophisticated genetic engineering process. T'Pol modifies the sensors of the Enterprise to track the Suliban spacecraft until she reaches planet Riger X. They investigate and disclose that Klaang was a courier bringing an important message about the Temporal Cold War from the Suliban Sarin to the leaders of the Klingons in Kronos.<br /><br />In spite of being a huge fan of Star Trek I have not followed the episodes of "Enterprise" on cable television. I have decided to buy the DVD box of the First Season and this first episode surprised me. The adventure of the first Enterprise Captain Jonathan Archer the gorgeous T'Pol Reed Mayweather Dr. Phlox Hoshi and Trip is excellent at least in this pilot. I have noted in IMDb that this episode is actually divides in two parts but on DVD they are just one therefore my review is valid for both. I did not like the music score theme which I found very annoying but this was an exception in this great show. My vote is nine.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Broken Bow"
critique508 The Night Listener is probably not one of William's best roles but he makes a very interesting character in a somewhat odd but very different movie. I can guarantee you that you have never seen this kind of movie before. Some people maybe won't like the slow pacing of this movie but I think it's the great plus of the movie. It is definitely one of the top movies that have come out the year 2006. It has a intriguing performance in a movie with a great content dramatic feeling. This is no americanized movie. Neither is it a predictable movie. You just feel that it is a movie that has secrets which you have a hard time to determine what the outcome of it may be. This is no excellent movie that has everything but hell it's a damn good and very original movie.
critique509 I saw this film at the Boston Internation Festival of Women's Cinema last night and was saddened to hear Ms. Troche tell us (in her Q&A after the screening) that she doesn't expect to see too much US distribution due to her insistence on including all of the so-called "gay content". It was a FANTASTICALLY entertaining comedy and it just seems to me that American audiences might enjoy it in much the same way they enjoyed "The Full Monty" so it's really unfortunate and kind of ridiculous that a few shots of two boys kissing is keeping it away from mainstream theaters. Wonderful cast FABULOUS script and of course Rose Troche's direction make this one of the funniest films I've seen.
critique510 Some films just simply should not be remade. This is one of them. In and of itself it is not a bad film. But it fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. Liam Neeson was excellent as he always is and most of the cast holds up with the exception of Owen Wilson who just did not bring the right feel to the character of Luke. But the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the Shirley Jackson story in it's attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects. Again I will say that in and of itself it is not a bad film. But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.
critique511 I saw this movie on late night TV out of Buffalo about 30 years ago and I'm dying to see it again one more time before I... well.. you know. The interaction between the main characters after the Tiger (Eli Wallach) "captures" his prey (Anne Jackson) in a botched kidnapping attempt is absolutely hilarious. Charles Nelson Reilly's portrayal of a neurotic university dean(?) or department head is priceless. How many films can you name which are able to illuminate humanity's struggle for meaning and fulfillment by making you laugh from beginning to end? This film reminds us that we are all in that same struggle regardless of class race sex or religion. And who can forget the scene of the suburban homeowner on his hands and knees attacking those few tiny weeds that have dared to appear overnight on his perfectly manicure lawn!
critique512 Dirty Harry has to track down a rape victim who extracts revenge by shooting her assailants in the goolies before killing them. Probably a more apt punishment would be to let them live after the initial shot and let them suffer forever like she and her sister has...Anyway..... an action-packed story set again in San Francisco and Santa Cruz. The chief rapist played by Andy Drake is suitably vile and gets his punishment at the end (of course!). Not a classic movie but better than the others except for the original Dirty Harry.
critique513 Nice description of the situation in the US it explains different kinds of Islam not just show terrorist and extremist. Islam can be other thing that killing they show why some people become terrorist and how to be Muslim without being extremist. It is a great series that Muslims and no-Muslims should see. Now we hope that other series or films will be done to change the idea of all Muslims are terrorist and all Americans want to destroy Islam. It gave me the interest to discover what Islam is exactly and what the US and also European government do to help cohabitation between people of different religion.
critique514 I had watched several days film shooting of this movie that summerthe end result was just two scenes in the movie. The location was Sylvan Lake in the Black Hills. Bring the wagonstop the wagon etc . So this Dakota youth looked forward to seeing the movie and was not disappointed. The local buffalo herd was being culled so the shooting scenes were for real. (yes Doris animals were hurt during filming) I think the ending was copied by Jack Nicholson in the Shining? A great western/social comment from the 50's. This should be in the same class as High Noon for real western drama or used as a social statement like Blackboard Jungle or Rebel Without A Cause was for 50's youth.
critique515 After spending five years in prison Dr. Thomas Reed played by the incomparable Vincent Ventresca exiles himself to Purgatory Flats and winds up tending bar. He soon meets the luscious angel-faced Sunny (Alexandra Holden). "You are wicked." he tells her. "You have no idea." she replies as she sips her Slo Comfortable Screw and languidly drags on her cig. Reed finds himself entwined in the violent troubles of her family and the femme fatale story unfolds set against the desolation and desperation of the oil-drained western town.<br /><br />Canny direction. Great performances. Superb entourage work. And some lust scenes that sizzle like the sun in Purgatory.
critique516 I never seem to write a review on IMDb unless I am extremely surprised at how good or how bad a movie is. This film falls into the first category. Every year I try to see all the nominees for Best Foreign Film at the Oscars even those that I know I won't like. "As It Is In Heaven" seems to fit the bill. The plot sounds sugary and sentimental and slow....For my tastes which run more towards original dark and/or daring foreign cinema (Michael Haneke Francois Ozon A lot of modern Japanese/Korean cinema) "As It Is In Heaven" does not sound particularly interesting....It didn't get released in the USA so I sat down to watch a VCD I found in Singapore preparing to "cross it off the list". After a dull beginning "As It Is In Heaven" becomes that rare film where you really become inspired by what is happening on screen. Weak points: The characters in the film are pure "stock" characters- the Wounded Dreamer the Town Bully the Battered Wife the Loose Woman Yearning for Love the Repressed Minister....Thankfully they're largely a likable bunch as well as being well-written and well-acted. Ingela Olsson as the minister's wife Inger would have been nominated for an Oscar had her performance been in English. Strong points: the music is beautiful and the main song sung by Gabriella is truly dramatic and memorable. And keep an eye out for the feisty 87-year old actress playing Olga who is keeping up with the dancing steps as well as the younger ladies! I won't discuss the ending but I will say that it makes sense. They're are a lot of emotional things happening in the last hour of the film and you're not quite sure why they're happening. Although nothing is explained in words it all makes sense as the movies comes to a fitting crescendo. **** out of *****. Probably the strongest Swedish movie I've ever seen.
critique517 Although it may not be Cassavetes' best work Minnie and Moskowitz is almost perfect in all its endeavours. The plot is whimsical and charming and surprisingly dramatic with an impressive range of emotion -- much more drama than comedy contrary to IMDb's profile. Yes the story is whimsical but not arbitrary; it succeeds as believable albeit a tad forced -- which I will come back to. All of the artistic aspects are of true Cassavetes form: the cinematography and camera-work are delights and the soundtrack -- albeit barely there -- is complimentary. Plus I believe I noticed some nods to Godard and such in the editing -- as I have in a few of Cassavetes' other films -- (namely the abrupt cutting of a song in one scene) which are interesting.<br /><br />I feel the plot is built up nicely with the first half being particularly enjoyable. Seymour's conversation with Morgan Morgan (Timothy Carey) in the diner for example is wonderfully funny and fascinating and sets the tone for the philosophical commentary made throughout the film. This philosophising -- a tradition in Cassavetes' films -- is what made the film for me. Seymour's amusing and profound monologues instantly eliminate the first impressions one may have of him as a hippie simp -- though his character is curiously similar to that of his in Faces (1968). This tipped me however (on second viewing) into the opinion that it stands up against Cassavetes' best work. I gained an affection for this film that I lacked on first viewing.<br /><br />There are sadly several aspects that make this film imperfect. I find the plot to be unbalanced. As I said before it builds up nicely but it wanes a bit here and there particularly towards the end. Because of the spontaneous style in which Cassavetes worked and particularly the freedom with which he allowed his actors to improvise the quality of his product can easily go either way. In this case it's inconsistent. I assess that most of this film was improvised and most of it beautifully. But one or two scenes unfortunately just don't work. In particular the scene after Seymour fights with Minnie's work associate outside her house. During what is intended to be the most intense scene of the film Cassavetes allowed his actors to run free with the dialogue -- presuming some was planned beforehand. This I believe was a mistake. One gets the impression Cassel doesn't quite know what to do as he repeatedly fumbles in his speech often not making sense and overacts; all of this damaging the scene and the character development. I understand Seymour is intended to be a bit of a brash fool but Cassel's attempts here are misapplied. Why does he cut his moustache off? These flaws are resulting from: a lack of direction on Cassavetes part; a lack of understanding and forethought on Cassel's part; a lack of rehearsal and preparation; etc. Evidently Cassavetes didn't learn from his mistakes as he allowed this same thing to happen in his next film A Woman Under the Influence (1974) -- the committing scene and ending.<br /><br />The flaws I mention are not minor but they do not ruin the film. They simply make some scenes cringe-worthy and unrealistic spoiling the flow of the film and compromising its potential. However I am very very fond of Cassavetes and all of his actors particularly Cassel in spite of the faults I mentioned. This is a very enjoyable film although it proves the precariousness of Cassavetes' style.
critique518 Although films about Edgar Rice Burroughs famous Rousseauian hero Tarzan have been seen by movie goers for almost a century now this is the definitive version of the story. Greystoke is the actual story of the origins of Tarzan as set down by Edgar Rice Burroughs way back in the second decade of the last century. I've been assured by experts.<br /><br />Tarzan and Sherlock Holmes are probably the most filmed fictional heroes in history. I've no basis in fact for saying that just a gut feeling. The most popular Holmes was Basil Rathbone the most popular Tarzan was Johnny Weissmuller. And films that they made with both those characters will be criticized no end by purists.<br /><br />But Greystoke is the real deal a faithful adaption of Burroughs first story concerning the origin of his hero. I can't think of another film which shows that Tarzan learned French before English but that is shown here and it's only natural since it was a French survivor of a massacred safari played by Ian Holm who discovers Tarzan who has been raised by the apes since his parents who were shipwrecked on the African coast died there after his mother gave birth.<br /><br />His parents were in fact the son and daughter-in-law of the Earl of Greystoke and the surviving Earl played by Ralph Richardson is of course overjoyed to learn he has a grandson. Of course there are others who don't welcome the new heir back in society. <br /><br />One who doesn't is Andie McDowell playing of course Jane. She does not communicate with Tarzan in answer to his grunts and monosyllabic commands. Tarzan speaks a concise English French and understands the language of the apes as well. As for the language of love Tarzan and Jane need no lessons.<br /><br />Greystoke earned three Oscar nominations for best makeup in regard to the apes best adapted screenplay and a posthumous nomination for Ralph Richardson for Best Supporting Actor. It should also have rated a nomination for cinematography of the jungle scenes in Cameroun and the scenes of the British Aristocracy in several landmark places like Hatfield House and Blenheim Palace.<br /><br />For Burroughs purists Greystoke is the real deal.
critique519 Dylan and Bobby are boyhood friends and they are in love the way that young boys sometimes are. But Dylan has met a girl and is starting to put those boyhood things aside. Bobby knows that he's not interested in girls and misses what he had with Dylan. <br /><br />Told as part cheesy 80's pop video part home movie part video recollection this film tells a confusing and sad but all too often true story that will hit home with many that see it. <br /><br />This film brings back a lot of memories and struck a very true chord with me but I wish the film maker had gone a bit further and left it on a happier note. Yes we all love and lose even when we are young but there's always tomorrow especially when we are young.
critique520 Hilarious clean light-hearted and quote-worthy. What else can you ask for in a film? This is my all-time number one favorite movie. Ever since I was a little girl I've dreamed of owning a blue van with flames and an observation bubble.<br /><br />The clichÃƒÂ© characters in ridiculous situations are what make this film such great fun. The wonderful comedic chemistry between Stephen Furst (Harold) and Andy Tennant (Melio) make up most of my favorite parts of the movie. And who didn't love the hopeless awkwardness of Flynch? Don't forget the airport antics of Leon's cronies dressed up as Hari Krishnas: dancing chanting and playing the tambourine--unbeatable! The clues are genius the locations are classic and the plot is timeless.<br /><br />A word to the wise if you didn't watch this film when you were little it probably won't win a place in your heart today. But nevertheless give it a chance you may find that "It doesn't matter what you say it doesn't matter what you do you've gotta play."
critique521 An amazing film I've only just seen it and I already want to see it again. I'd never heard of Derek Jarman before I saw this film but now I am I can't wait to see his others. The film takes a whole new perspective of Shakespeare's The Tempest I'm sure he'd have appreciated it for Jarman's use of the the play's themes of love magic darkness and atmospheric tension. OK OK there may have been a bit of nudity in the film which I hadn't really anticipated but it didn't offend me it just surprised me and made the film more unpredictable. One Spoiler (for those of a nervous disposition: Fast forward the flashback scene with Sycorax & Caliban and Ariel as their slave its pretty graphic. Overall if you are starting to find Kenneth Branagh's Shakespeare performances flaccid and monotonous then you need to see this film. Fantastic and surreal it'll blow you away but only if you let it. Have an open mind - and then let this film work it's magic on you.
critique522 Cassie (Sandra Bullock) is a hyper-serious police detective. As an ex-boyfriend once tried to kill her and indeed left her grievously wounded she is determined to bring those who harm others to justice. As the result of her near-death experience also Cassie favors one-night stands and trusts no one. One day a woman is found dead in the woods near Cassie's community. She has been murdered heinously beaten severely and left to die alone. Naturally Cassie will stop at nothing to find the murderers. Assigned to help her is fellow officer Sam (Ben Chaplin). He soon discovers Cassie's relentless attitude and all-consuming instincts when she asks him to pick up a sample of vomit that has been left at the scene for analysis among other actions. The trail soon leads them to two high school students Richard (Ryan Gosling) and Justin (Michael Pitt). Could these teenagers really be responsible for the planning and execution of the perfect "joy" killing? This is an intriguing film but viewers should be warned that the subject matter is grim indeed. Killing for the "sport" of it is seldom the topic of films that are of the "all sweetness and light" variety and this one is no different. That said the cast is great. Bullock without a hint of her talent for comedy is terrific as the police officer whose own past compels her to lock up the evil folks of the world. Chaplin too is quite nice as the detective who is both attracted and repelled by the forceful Cassie. As for Gosling he gives a most memorable performance as a brilliant mind with a satanic soul. The production values for the movie are good too with appropriately fine costumes settings and photography. If you are a fan of Bullock's looking for a laugh this is not the one for you. But if you adore mysteries even those with the grimmest of plots you will find this tale enthralling.
critique523 This film is one to spend the short while entertainment but who then could be made in nobody country it does not have anything identifies "the Colombian". Who looks for the topics of the supposed Colombian or socially and politically correct cinema and what it is denominated "it jeopardize"it is better than it is not going to see this film. Some to the drug traffic or the fight is no reference either farmer and worker or wing guerrilla and to the kidnapping political. <br /><br />The corrupt police is a personage who it could be Mexican Russian Italian or Chinese and also the personage protagonist an Argentine photographer it could be Venezuelan Peruvian or Philippine and the frequent "boludo" in its parliaments it could be replaced by another word of slang of any other country without the personage or history changes. The important thing is that it is a very decently counted history with images and right performances. Its quality almost is of TV movie but of the good ones. That if one film like this if it deserves or does not deserve the support with publics bottoms a little is a classic discussion "mamerta".
critique524 The Rookie is based on the true story of a 40+ year old school teacher in Big Lake Texas reaching the majors. Jimmy Morris (Dennis Quaid) is a small-town high school science teacher and baseball coach. His team is losing terribly until the team discovers that their coach played in minor leagues and can throw a pitch 98 mph. <br /><br />After throwing batting practice and a wager is made Jim agrees that if his team wins regional's he'll try out for the Major Leagues. The movie tells the story from Jimmy being boy to playing in his first game in the majors. It is a great underdog story and a very friendly family movie. Dennis Quaid makes the movie worth while giving an emotional performance and is supported by an excellent supporting cast which includes: Brian Cox Rachel Griffiths and Angus T. Jones. <br /><br />The story takes a little while to develop and some scenes are a bit slow but it all works in well by the end. The baseball scenes are fun well-filmed and portrayed excellently. The movie really isn't about baseball but about one man's quest to reach his dream. It's inspiring it's emotional and it's funny. I liked it I hope you do.<br /><br />The Rookie. Starring: Dennis Quaid Brian Cox Rachel Griffiths and Angus T. Jones.<br /><br />4 out of 5 Stars.
critique525 I'll admit that the first time I managed to catch Sci-Fi's "Sci-Fi Prime" was last week but despite the fact that I was a huge Sliders fan coming into the experience Farscape is now easily my favorite of the four shows.<br /><br />Unlike most modern Sci-Fi shows (including regrettably the two new Star Trek series) this show manages to be fun without coming across as fodder for MST3K.
critique526 Looking backwards to that year 2002 when "Furia" was made one can easily recognize the heralding sings of today's New Generation in Romania.<br /><br />The main qualities of "Furia" stand in a very solid script with a substantial dramatic core and a really professional developing plus a cast of excellent actors. All four leading roles are admirably performed both with depth and casualness: Dragos Bucur and Andy Vasluianu confirmed since then being two of our best performers today Dorina Chiriac follows them closely and Adrian Tuli a non-professional (in real life a graveyard manager!) cast as Gabonu was a genuine revelation! <br /><br />Further Radu Muntean's directing is skilled and expressive creating in a very compelling style that feeling of "a fateful night" and inescapable destiny. One can easily pass over the few awkward and even failed moments since time proved them to be only the uncertainties inherent to a debut never repeated in his subsequent movies: "HÃƒÂ¢rtia va fi albastrÃƒÂ¤" and "Boogie".
critique527 In this tale of a tightly wound Christian family that has three of its four members "born again" after a cake-caused car crash what really stands out is how grounded most of it is where there is so much potential to go over the top and how truly inspired most of the acting is. Where most of the film's moments particularly its frank and "innocent" discussions of sexuality after three of the four family members have their guilt and shame removed is hilarious it is also thought-provoking and the characters stay with you.<br /><br />How often for example does a character in a comedy spin from near caricature to full-bodied emotional being in the course of one scene? How often do we see a cast that can pull back from showboating mid-sentence in order to show a bit of the humanity beneath the character's skin? Even many of the "bad guys" in this film have moments of heart-breaking honesty even while much of what they do can be absolutely ridiculous and horrifying. There is truth and history behind even the most questionable acts in this film which is a difficult task in satire.<br /><br />How refreshing it is to see a darkish comedy that can dare to be humanistic. How nice to see actors so fully committed to character that they can dare to let them be ridiculous and sublime.<br /><br />And as a gay person I do not think I have ever been quite so touched by a heterosexual sex scene as I was by the first sexual encounter between the parents of this family after their accident.<br /><br />Bravo. Bravo. One of my favorites at Outfest this year.
critique528 Just to clarify Matthew Poncelet wasn't a real person but a character combination of 2 killers who were BOTH convicted and sentenced to die for a murder of two teenagers.<br /><br />I read the User Comments and they react as if Matthew was real. The character is based on a mixture of two killers Elmo Patrick Sonnier and Robert Lee Willie (who murdered separate people) and the murder itself was based on the one Willie committed. The conflict of both Willie having someone else present and both parties swearing the other did the killing is worked into the story as well.<br /><br />Prejean's approach is unique in that she not only is ministering to the convicts as they wait for their death and aiding them in taking responsibility for their actions she also reaches out to the victims' families to help them know that the convict did indeed feel remorse for what they did-effectively aiding both parties.<br /><br />Everyone posting here seems to have strong beliefs on the Death Sentence. It's not my place to say it's right or wrong-in theory punishing death with death makes some sort of Karmic sense however denying a person their freedom for the rest of their days although costly makes more sense to me-being stuck in a small room 23/7 (with one hour of exercise)for the rest of their days to be reminded of the cruel thing they did seem a more apt punishment-they are technically alive but denied living. Say someone killed someone so they could get out of the responsibility the person they killed required (like Susan Smith killing her poor kids by shoving her car into a lake). I find it fittingly ironic that they would not get that "freedom" they craved and would now have to spend the rest of their days imprisoned.<br /><br />Prejean's point comes through the story very well. She has my respect-she manages to find that balance-she isn't supporting a killer she is guiding them to accepting what they did. If they didn't feel some kind of remorse they wouldn't be asking for spiritual guidance.<br /><br />Ona final note when Poncelet apologizes to Delacroix parent for killing his son the parents of the girl who was also murdered mutters something about why he didn't apologize for her death. I think the point was that throughout the movie Poncelet denies killing both kids. There is doubt in Prejean's mind he did both killings-there is a friend who was sentenced but not to death-my thought is that Poncelet killed the Delacroix boy and the other man murdered the girl-hence Poncelet was taking responsibility for what he did. Had he been responsible for the girl's death he probably would have apologized for that as well.
critique529 This movie was a riot it pokes fun of "Madonna - Truth Or Dare" in all the right places. I love Madonna & I love Julie Brown. How could I ask for more..Julie's spoof of "Vogue" entitled "Vague" was hysterical.. "Kelly LeBrock thinks she's great she's just cold boogers on a paper plate". "Brooke Shields Dawber Pam personality of Spam"!! I could've died! And just wait till you see what she can do with a watermelon!!
critique530 While not as wild and way out as some of Takashi Miike's later films this is a very good crime drama. <br /><br />The basic story is the story of a cop of Japanese cop with Chinese parents trying to take down an up and coming Chinese mobster. Complicating things is that his younger brother is acting as the lawyer for the villain and his gang. The film is actually much more complicated than that with several complications which both keep things interesting and distract things from the central narrative thrust. Its this complication and loss of way about an hour into the film that makes this less than a great film.(It is a very very good one) This is definitely worth seeing especially if you don't mind a no frantic pace.<br /><br />A word of warning the violence when it happens is explosive and nasty. There are also semi-graphic depictions of gay sex. If thats not your cup of tea proceed with caution.<br /><br />7 or 8 out of 10.
critique531 I described Woody Allen's Manhattan as perfect to someone the other day and she thought that it was an odd way to describe a movie...<br /><br />I have seen only a handful of movies that I would call perfect. Manhattan is one McCabe & Ms. Miller by Robert Altman is another and Once Upon a Time in the West by Sergio Leone is also another film that I think achieves perfection. There are a few others but aside from the fact that I find no faults in the three I mentioned I must also admit that all three directors are acquired tastes.<br /><br />If there is one film that I could stand behind and bet the house that anyone I would show it to would find it flawless it's Shoulder Arms.<br /><br />City Lights The Great Dictator The Gold Rush and even the Pawnshop are 10's but not only did Chaplin do everything right in this film everything he did is hilarious and touching to a level beyond explanation.
critique532 One of the unsung gems of the 1980's Scenes... features razor-sharp satire and outstanding performances from Arnetia Walker (how did she not get a ton of roles after this?)and Wallace Shawn. It's a delicious send-up of class warfare and the people in those classes. The writing is hilarious and the characters while not subtle are nuanced. And sorry but the Asian gangs (if you can call one Japanese guy extorting one of the other characters a "gang") were not put in for "sociological value" as another review implies they should been. The value here lies in what the movie is making fun of and in the sparklingly wicked way it does it. I found it creative funny and idiosyncratic.
critique533 I first saw this in the theater in 1969 when I was 9 and immediately fell in love with it. I'm sad that Sony has not seen fit to release this on DVD ("but one day one day..."). I recently obtained a VHS copy of this on eBay and sat down to watch it 39 years later. I'm happy to report it still stands the test of time. The acting is spot-on John Williams' orchestrations are lush and Leslie Bricusse's songs memorable ("When I Am Older" "You and I" "Fill the World With Love" "London Is London" are just a few of the standouts. And not enough can be said about Peter O' Toole Petula Clarke Michael Redgrave and Michael Bryant's acting. Terence Rattigan deserves an A+ for his update of the James Hilton story. There really is nothing not to like about this film. It's a good cheer-me-up selection. Glad they have released the original soundtrack as a three-CD set with lots of extras. Wish Sony would hurry up and do the same with the film.
critique534 I happened across "Bait" on cable one night just as it started and thought "Eh why not?" I'm glad I gave it a chance. <br /><br />"Bait" ain't perfect. It suffers from unnecessarily flashy direction and occasional dumbness. But overall this movie worked. All the elements aligned just right and they pulled off what otherwise could have been a pretty ugly film. <br /><br />Most of that I think is due to Jamie Foxx. I don't know who tagged Foxx for the lead but whoever it was did this movie a big favor. Believable and amazingly likeable Foxx glides through the movie smooth as butter and funnier than hell. You can tell he's working on instinct and instinct doesn't fail him.<br /><br />The plot while unimportant actually ties together pretty well and there's even a character arc through which Foxx's character grows as a person. Again they could've slipped by without any of this but it just makes things that much better.<br /><br />I'm surprised at the low rating for this. Maybe I just caught this move on the right night or vice versa but I'd give it a 7/10. Bravo Mssr. Foxx.
critique535 I originally caught this back in 1996 in its one week run at a movie theatre. I was under impressed by it and my feelings haven't much changed.<br /><br />Documentary about the infamous Edward D. Wood Jr. covering his life and movies. There are interviews with people who worked with him or knew him. They include: Vampira Dolores Fuller Bela Lugosi Jr. Loretta King Gregory Walcott and Paul Marco. Interviews are mixed with clips from the movies or some bizarre recreations. It is interesting (somewhat) but was this really needed? I've seen all of Wood's films and they're just terrible. Wood had ambitions but not a bit of talent to carry them out. I wouldn't say he was the worst director ever but he's down there. Do we really need a docu on a very mediocre film maker? I do like the fact that they didn't try to make Wood out to be some sort of saint. More than a few of those interviewed (especially Lugosi Jr.) pretty much hated the man and it comes through loud and clear. Also they totally ignore his films in the adult film industry in the 1960s and 70s. Still it's of interest if you're a Wood fan. The best interviews are with Vampira (who tears Wood apart) and Dolores Fuller (a long time girlfriend).
critique536 As it is in Heaven {SPOILER WARNING)<br /><br />This was a great human drama that stimulated my emotions and my imagination. <br /><br />This is a parable revisiting the life and death of Christ. Daniel is a superior gifted musician who is physically and mentally exhausted by his career  and has to give it up. When he joins a church choir as its cantor he brings about a transformation in the lives of the choristers  just as Jesus did to the society in first century Palestine. They laugh they begin to speak openly and truthfully to each other  their faults are exposedthey accept each other come to love each other become a vital community.They include the mentally disabled young man (?Tore) such is their inclusiveness.<br /><br />The pastor Stig enjoyed authority through imposing a stifling morality on the congregation and that is gradually rejected by the choristers . When Stig dismisses Daniel  there is a revolt and Stig is crushed. Stig represents the Jewish authorities of Jesus' day whose insistence on obedience to the Jewish lawprovided a stark contrast to the new life by "the golden rule" brought by Jesus.<br /><br />In one dramatic scene someone declares "the church invented sin". All through the film there is this contrast between moral-ism and vital living (being).<br /><br />True to the Christ story Daniel is killed by Conny  when he beats him up leaves him to drown in the river. Next scene  we can hardly believe it when Daniel's (resurrected!) body is dragged into his room (the tomb) draped in a white linen sheet (the shroud!) by three women (three women kept vigil at the foot of the cross in the gospel).<br /><br />Daniel is drawn closely to Lena a warm beautiful young woman who has been betrayed by a man she loved and who is now promiscuous (Jesus developed a close relationship with Mary Magdalene- Lena- who was probably a high class courtesan/prostitute). Through Lena Daniel learns to love  something he has longed for and now finds fulfillment .<br /><br />The solo sung by Gabriella  composed by Daniel is all about living a full life  in contrast to moral correctness that leads to concern about sin  and what's right and wrong. <br /><br />The final scene shows the choir all singing/humming in harmony  like a mantra drawing in the large audience exemplifying the harmony and inter-connectedness that is our true human destiny.
critique537 While not for everyone Crackerjack is a delight to watch with tongue planted firmly in cheek. The likeable character of Jack Simpson played by Mick Molloy is scamming the local "bowlo" for free parking and making a couple of dollars on the side selling the parking space to work colleagues. When the Bowling Club members need to raise some money to save their club they call upon Jack to join their bowling team and play competition bowls.<br /><br />Filled with Aussie Charm the laconic wit of Mick Molloy is showing through (he also co-wrote the script) reminding this viewer of his earlier work in Radio. Perfect Aussie casting with Bill Hunter as Jack's bowling mentor Stan Coombes John Clarke (of The Games fame) as the ruthless businessman and rival bowls club owner Bernie Fowler with Samuel Johnson as Jack's flatmate Dave and Judith Lucy as the jaded Journalist Nancy.<br /><br />Initially I figured only fans of Molloy would like this flick but judging by the number of the blue rinse set exiting the cinema chuckling this is a film for everyone.
critique538 Don't look for an overdeveloped plotline here....just sit back with some popcorn and enjoy this one. A gallery of stars pop up as the classic cartoon character's villains in this live action comedy which features incredible makeup and set design not to mention knockout performances from Beatty Madonna and Pacino. Great fun for kids and adults alike.<br /><br />*** out of ****
critique539 Cooley High is such a great film that even with the period's sound track urban landscape wardrobe and slang...it still doesn't feel dated. The sound track by the way is a timeless classic in itself.<br /><br />Instead it absorbs you right into it. That is a staple of a good movie. From start to finish it doesn't miss a beat and I never grow tired of watching it.<br /><br />It's ending is unique in the respect that it's one of the saddest and at the same time uplifting of all movie endings. There may have been a few since (Backdraft comes to mind) but Cooley was the first and much more emotional.
critique540 I remember this movie in particular when I was a teenager my best friend was telling me all about this movie and how it freaked her out as a kid. Of course being the blood thirsty gal that I am I had to go out and find this movie. Now I don't know how to put this without loosing credibility so I'm just going to say it I actually had fun watching this movie! I know that it's stupid not the best story and beyond bloody and gruesome but that's what I was looking for and The Dentist delivers in the scares blood sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I just need a fun movie like this to just let loose and get grossed out by.<br /><br />Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and cleanliness. On the day of his wedding anniversary he spies his wife Brooke having sex with their filthy pool man Matt. At his dental practice Feinstone's first patient of the day is young Jody Saunders there for his very first dental appointment. Feinstone begins to clean Jody's teeth. Everything goes smoothly at first until he imagines that Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His dental pick slips stabbing Jody in the gums. Jody's mother picks up her crying bleeding child and leaves angrily. Feinstone sees his second patient beauty queen April Reign. Alone with April Feinstone sedates her with nitrous oxide so that he can fill a cavity in one of her molars. As she drifts off into unconsciousness Feinstone imagines that she has transformed into his wife. He begins kissing and fondling her on the dental chair then begins to choke her. April starts to cough and half-wakes up from the gas. Feinstone snaps out of his trance and quickly re-buttons April's blouse. Feinstone decides to end the day early and sends his staff and patients home. Later that night Brooke meets Feinstone at his practice. He reveals his new Italian opera-themed patient room. He encourages Brooke to try out the room's dental chair. When she does Feinstone binds her to the chair and sedates her with nitrous oxide. With operatic music blaring in the background he begins to pull out Brooke's teeth. Feinstone has gone off the deep end and is definitely not going to let anybody stand in his way of cleanliness.<br /><br />Honestly as silly as this movie sounds I did have a lot of fun watching The Dentist. The best scene without a doubt is when he teaches that nasty IRS agent a lesson in hygiene that I'm sure he'll never forget. Man I don't think I've brushed my teeth so much after I watched The Dentist. Yeah I am going to warn you this movie is in no way for the faint of heart it's very bloody. There's stabbing gun shots and just these brutal dental torture scenes that will make your stomach turn. Yet somehow I just enjoyed this movie if I ever want just a good gore movie that was made for true horror fans I slip it in my DVD player and that's the "tooth" LOL! I am so funny! Um yeah I try give me a little credit.<br /><br />7/10
critique541 Tommy JOnes and Matt Dillon do the gambling world proud. The various moves with the wrists had to be learned as throwing craps is a skill in and of itself.<br /><br />There are a few surprises. AS cynical as we are today I fully expected the 'good girl' to be crying over his grave instead of his Buddy's. Especially with her remarks about 'going to the funeral of her best friend' when she first meets Matt. And then of course you expect Matt to kill the guy who threw battery acid in Mr. Allen's face blinding him (interesting role by Bruce Dern). WRRROOONNNNGGG!!! some of the other Hollywood endings DO happen but the writing is so excellent the acting so carefully wrought that you're blissfully unaware.<br /><br />And the music is OUT OF THIS WORLD. Taking us back to the 50s when our 'native passions' were first being unleashed by the music of Ray Charles and Bo Diddley. Even a little racism raring its ugly head in Chicago but at a club called wonderfully 'Biloxi' with a Confederate flag backing up the racist remarks. I'll be watching it again just to hear the music. Good thing I have the FACTOTUM sound track so I can listen to that in the car. Watch both together and you'll see how Matt has matured....playing bar room characters in both. NOw that he owns a bar in the Paramount HOtel in NYC he probably has great opportunity to do his studies. Great actor just coming into his own. He shows finely nuanced performances ...the good and the bad in his characters. His 'young boy off the farm' is a great study made especially poignant because of his bassett-hound eyes. He makes love convincingly as well. Since he was in several movies with Diane Lane as a teen-ager I wonder how that it ...making love to an actress you kinda grew up with. Adds conviction I'll say that.
critique542 If you "been there" and "done that" you will absolutely love this film. I have and by "there" I mean underground clubs and house parties where there is far more rare to find people just being drunk than it is to find people high to their ears on extacy speed or LSD. <br /><br />By "that" I mean dancing and sweating like crazy for eight hours or so in a row with out even a brake and  that followed by a way to long morning of no-can-sleep and almost wanting to die followed by a week of just waiting till the next weekend to do it all again.<br /><br />So even though this film now is one of my absolute favourites I can certainly understand why some people or most people even would dislike it.
critique543 I remember seeing this movie for the first time with a friend while on vacation in Anaheim California in October 1976. While driving the tourist laden city streets  we saw a movie marquee advertising "ALICE IN WONDERLAND XXX." So before even checking out Disneyland's version of the Lewis Carroll classic a half mile away our curiosity won out and we ventured into this cinematic threshold. I remember even before the movie began how surprised I was to see this kind of film appearing in staid ultra-conservative Orange County.<br /><br />Thirty two years later I came across ALICE IN WONDERLAND at a local video store. I wondered to myself if this was the same film until I looked at the back of the jacket and saw a picture of lovely Kristine DeBell in the starring role and decided to rekindle some fond memories. Subversive Video to their credit has released two versions X and XXX in the same package. As it turns out the version my friend and I saw in Anaheim was rated X in spite of the original XXX advertising at the there. Seeing it the second time around makes me realize what a delightful romp director Bud Townsend brought to the screen. As an example of this man's scope behind the camera in his salad days he directed two episodes of TV's DEATH VALLEY DAYS.<br /><br />Miss DeBell appearing in the April 1976 cover of Playboy is ideal as Alice. She brings a fresh all American innocence to the role as a librarian in her early twenties yearning for a better life. When her boyfriend is rebuffed from taking their relationship to the next level Alice reaches her turning point. This is a 'musical comedy' yet the melodies are quite catchy with appropriate strings and brass to offset the generally suggestive lyrics. Miss DeBell has a pleasant singing voice as she trills about wanting to be free. That's when the magic begins. The pacing of this movie is surprisingly fluid given the genre and the supporting cast of Wonderland are there to enable Alice as she blossoms into womanhood. Special mention goes to TV veteran Larry Gelman as the White Rabbit who seems to be the only character not obsessed with sex as he is always running late for an appointmentÃ‚Â….or something.<br /><br />Special features include comments from noted feminist advocate Lena Ramone who imparts how viewing this movie while attending college influenced her in choosing a career as an adult film actress after graduation.<br /><br />What makes ALICE IN WONDERLAND such a delightful jaunt is its garden like setting. Partly filmed in the lush natural splendor of Vancouver B.C.'s Stanley Park the movie belies its pornographic roots. You don't come away feeling you've watched a sleazy skin flick. At this writing I haven't viewed the triple XXX version. The extra sex footage tacked on afterward would in all probability disrupt the overall flow and remove the light breezy atmosphere evident throughout.<br /><br />Naturally the Lewis Carroll version is the best way to curl up and explore Alice's adventures in Wonderland. However for a time capsule representing 1970s' adult film archives ALICE IN WONDERLAND is worth following that white rabbit for a ribald ride full of mirthful mayhem.
critique544 I have to say that this TV movie was the work that really showed how talented Melissa Joan Hart is. We are so used to now seeing her in a sitcom and I really hope that a TV station will show this TV movie again soon as it will show the Sabrina fans that MJH shines in a drama. Seen as we have watched her on Sabrina now for now 5 years and so to give the viewers a taste of her much unused talent would be a plus. Melissa plays her role so well in this wanting her parents "done away" with so she can be with the guy she loves. One thing that all Sabrina viewers will notice Melissa works with David Lascher in this well before he took the role of Josh on Sabrina. So it would be kind of neat to see this currently whenever it gets aired again. Hopefully MJH gets some good roles in movies or even in more TV Movies sort of like Kellie Martin who has always shined in TV Movies. Lots of unused talent waiting to bust out when it comes to Melissa Joan Hart you shine always Melissa!!!
critique545 Well of course not women are overly sensitive and needy on average which is interestingly portrayed from mother to whore though not pseudo-artistically extravagantly or blatantly dwelt on. Unlike many of you I have only seen La Maman et La Putain twice. As many good films I noticed my opinion of it improved after a second viewing. All that I know is what I have seen and have yet to delve into further exploits until I myself have acquired the dvd. I have yet to figure out precisely why I enjoy this movie so much but really what do I care why? Though I'm sure I could and will form some wonderful explanation. All right so you may disagree perhaps it is a bit boring at times I'm not an expert. The blonde reminds me of a lovely Grushenka.
critique546 Although I am not a Michael Jackson fan I like some of his early songs and some from Jackson 5 too. 'Thriller' is one of his great songs and it comes from the best-selling album ever with the same title. As for the video it is awesome one of Michael's best but also very eccentric and weird.<br /><br />There is a story behind this video but it's so complex that even I can't fully understand it. It's freaky. The freakiest things are Jackson's transformation into a werewolf his evil red eyes at the end (like a werewolf) and those dead people dancing.<br /><br />The video is very dark thrilling chilly and original. There are great sceneries and settings. The music itself is full of life and rhythm characteristic from the good old pop from the 80's.<br /><br />I like Vincent Price's soliloquy. He does a great narration with his distinctive and unique voice and his evil laughter at the end is awesome! My favorite videos of the 'King of Pop' are "Billie Jean" and "Don't stop 'til you get enough" (both among his best songs).
critique547 I have seen this film at least 100 times and I am still excited by it the acting is perfect and the romance between Joe and Jean keeps me on the edge of my seat plus I still think Bryan Brown is the tops. Brilliant Film.
critique548 I caught this flick on the trail end of a tape I had used to capture a movie I truly wanted to wanted to see again. When I saw Raquel Welch's name in the opening credits I decided to watch it. It was actually mildly entertaining and took me back "in the wayback machine" to the farcical movies that Hollywood churned out during the sixties much in the same genre as the current Austin Powers stuff. Oh the acting was not superb nor was the plot but it was worth watching. There was some delightful scenery although Ms. Welch provided the most pleasant of such. Tape it if you get the chance and watch it when you have absolutely nothing else to do. It is not a snoozer but it won't have you rolling in the aisles wanting more either.
critique549 A tour deforce! OK the kid that plays Oliver is a bit toooooo sweet! Starting with the great cinematography color costumes and most impressive performances this is a must see movie. I have seen several adaptations of this great novel but this one stands above them all and its a musical to boot! It is a masterful Fagan never leaving his character to do a song. You never really know if you like him or not the same feeling I got in the book. In other versions you hate him from start to finish. Bill Sykes.... when you read the book hes a mean one and so he is in this movie. Oliver Reed was masterful. His wife directed this masterpiece. I went and saw his last movie Gladiator based on his many fine performances not to see the headliners. The music fits the times and the mood. Who will buy this beautiful movie? You Should!
critique550 When I fist watched the movie I said to myself "so a film can be made like this." Wong Kar Wai's gorgeous poetic love story captured me throughout and even after the film. I must admit this is one of the best love movies maybe the best of all I have ever watched. The content and the form overlaps perfectly. As watching the secret love we see the characters in bounded frames that limits their movements as well as their feelings. Beautiful camera angles and the lighting makes the feelings and the blues even touchable. I want to congratulate Christopher Doyle and Pin Bing Lee for their fantastic cinematography which creates the mood for love. Also the music defines the sadness of the love which plays along the beautiful slow motion frames and shows the characters in despairing moods. And of course the performances of the actors which makes the love so real. Eventually all the elements in the film combined in a perfect way under the direction of WKW and give the audience the feeling called love.
critique551 I loved "Flash Gordon" as a child and watching the series again on DVD brings back such fond memories. Each 15-minute episode features the adventures of our hero Flash the lovely Dale Arden and intrepid Dr. Zarkov on the planet Mongo with Flash escaping death at every turn: The Shark Men nearly drown him he faces the Fire Monster in the Tunnel of Terror and he's in mortal peril in the Static Room! <br /><br />The characters are still fun: Buster Crabbe is every bit the blonde dreamboat hero and Jean Rogers is a delicate and beautiful Dale Arden. Princess Aura still plots to steal Flash for herself King Vultan of the Hawk Men still has his booming laugh and angel wings and Ming the Merciless Emperor of the Universe is still giving everyone the evil eye and the creeps.<br /><br />This serial probably wouldn't interest children today with its hokey effects - oh that spaceship! - but it's a fun bit of nostalgia for those who liked it the first time around. The actors play it straight and don't play down to kids. I appreciate that young viewers were expected to read the chapter synopses which had pretty big words in them.<br /><br />I'm glad this came out on DVD. It's a lot of fun to revisit this classic sci-fi serial.
critique552 A must for any punk rocker this is the movie that made The Ramones a household name back in the early 1980's (when it first appeared on premium cable stations). This was one of the first and best of the American Punk Rock movies with a cult classic status up there with The Rocky Horror Picture Show. Originally the producers wanted Cheap Trick as the stars but the release of the "Live At Budakon" album had just made them superstars and too hot an item to be in a low budget movie. Very good luck for the Ramones who were looking to break out of the underground punk rock world and into the mainstream market (which sadly never happened until after the bands demise). The band Dee Dee especially always disliked the movie through the 80's but the fans always loved and could recite most of the movie while waiting to get into Ramones shows. This movie like most classics is stupid fun with some classic Ramones footage in their heyday. Don't expect more you won't find it. It's great fun so enjoy it. Another Allan Arkush classic movie in a similar vein is Get Crazy featuring Lee Ving from the legendary hardcore punk band Fear.
critique553 I haven't seen the more recent 'Traffic' which is based on this but I'd bet on this one as the better creation. I know of no other movie that has so well portrayed the intricate tragedies of the drug trade and the 'war on drugs." I've watched this one at least four times and am enjoying it again as part of Masterpiece Theatre's 30th anniversary presentations.
critique554 I'm a rather pedestrian person with somewhat lowbrow tastes. However I occasionally try to raise the bar on my cultural awareness. This movie was one of my attempts. I was in awe throughout the entire movie. I liked it so much that I got my own tape so I could see it again. This is a very thoughtful and emotionally striking movie. I saw it as a huge question to the viewer: What is the depth of sacrifice to duty one can accept can be asked to accept should accept? As a military member this is of course an important question to me. This question weighs heavily on the viewer of this movie.<br /><br />Recommended.
critique555 This episode is certainly different than all the other Columbos though some of the details are still there the setup is completely different. That makes this Columbo unique and interesting to watch even though at times you might wish for the old Columbo. I liked it a lot but then I like almost any Columbo.
critique556 Sandwiched in between San Francisco and Captains Courageous two of Spencer Tracy's greatest parts is this very curious film about war and the effects it has on some people. They Gave Him A Gun stars Spencer Tracy and Franchot Tone in the only film they ever made together and Gladys George as the woman who loves them both.<br /><br />Tracy and Tone are a couple of World War I draftees Tone is a weak character who almost goes over the hill in boot camp but Tracy stops him. Tracy is still playing the lovable blowhard younger Wallace Beery type that MGM envisioned for him when they signed him away from Fox. <br /><br />Over at the front Tone gets an opportunity and takes it when during a fight he manages to get to a church tower that peers down on a German machine gun nest. He's learned to shoot by now and he does a Sergeant York. But Alvin C. York was never changed by the war the way Tone has.<br /><br />Wounded in the fight Tone convalesces at a hospital with Gladys George looking out for him. Tracy goes AWOL himself to visit his pal and he and George get something going. Later on when Tracy is reported missing in action Tone and George marry. Tracy's brokenhearted when he comes back and learns of the marriage but takes sit in stride. <br /><br />The rest of the film is dealing with Tone applying the the wartime skills he's learned to the gangster trade. He's a hit-man now and George doesn't really know what he does for a living. I think you can figure the rest out.<br /><br />The part of the film that gave me some trouble is that I can't believe Gladys George couldn't figure it out. She's a street smart girl her part is very much like the one she played in The Roaring Twenties opposite James Cagney.<br /><br />Speaking of The Roaring Twenties Humphrey Bogart's character development there is similar to Tone's although he was not the central character of the movie. In fact there are elements of They Gave Him A Gun that are to be found in Taxi Driver and in Clint Eastwood's classic The Unforgiven. <br /><br />The World War I battle sequences are very well staged by director Woody Van Dyke. For some reason Leonard Maltin panned this film I think it's a lot better than he gave it credit.
critique557 The symbolic use of objects form editing the position of characters in the scene... these were all used with such joyous abandon by Hitchcock that you can really see what a fertile genius he had. The way the wife moves from one corner of the ring to the other as the fight progresses the editing when the wedding ring is placed on her finger... while these may seem a bit obvious by todays standards in the silent era they spoke volumes about the story without a word being spoken. Even the title has a least four meanings that I can see; the boxing ring the wedding ring the bracelet the lover buys and the love triangle at the heart of the story.
critique558 This show is verging on brilliant. It's a modern day Married...with Children. The scripts are witty as they are sprinkled with clever sarcasm. They are also realistic dealing with issues that face many parents of teenagers today. As well as the on going burden that you might not be the worlds greatest parent and how is the best way to deal with this? However at the same time it manages to remain light hearted and fun. Which with all the drama and action on television these days is a very pleasant and welcome change. It is something you can sit down in front of for 30 minutes and relax laugh and relate to. It isn't the world's most hilarious comedy. yet will make you laugh at least a handful of times an episode. Michael Rapaport is brilliant in the lead as Dave. He fills the big shoes that the heavily sarcastic script requires and then some. He and Anita Barone (Vikki) have fantastic chemistry and bounce off one another very well. This show has a strong future if it is marketed at the correct target audience and put in the right time slot. Also if Fox release it on DVD the following will be stronger and larger. (As is a classic example with Scrubs.)
critique559 Corny! I love it! Corny - just as the TV show was about 40 years ago! Adam and Burt rekindle the same on-screen chemistry that never seems to have left! They re-live old memories plus the actors that play them from the 1960s show some behind-the-scenes things which are quite interesting to know. 1960s TV was corny escapism for so many of us back then and this DVD is no exception if you are familiar with the original TV show. The fight scene with the written Boofs and Bams or whatever is fantastic!! The movie theater scene shows clips of the villains who passed away. At the end Frank Gorshin makes an appearance. He passed away not too long after this DVD was made I believe so it is to his great credit that he came back to again play a villain to Adam and Burt just as he did to Batman & Robin so many years ago. He didn't lose his touch! Thanks to Julie Newmar to re-living a villain role also. In conclusion I think that this DVD is for great memories and I wish to thank both Adam and Burt for coming back and recreating these memories for those of us who remember the original-!!! Thanks Guys!!!
critique560 If it's action and adventure you want in a movie then you'd be best advised to look elsewhere. On the other hand if it's a lazy day and you want a good movie to go along with that mood check out "The Straight Story."<br /><br />Richard Farnsworth puts on a compelling performance as the gentle and gentlemanly Alvin Straight in this true story of Alvin's journey on a riding mower across three states to see his estranged brother who has had a stroke.<br /><br />Farnsworth is perfect in this role as he travels his long and winding road making friends of strangers and doling out lots of grandfatherly type advice about family along the way. The story moves along as slowly as the riding mower but somehow manages to keep the viewer watching waiting for the next life lesson Alvin's going to offer.<br /><br />Stretch out on the couch relax and enjoy. It's the only way to watch this very good movie which rates a 7/10 in my book.
critique561 A magazine columnist who writes about life on her farm house when in fact she lives in a NY apartment must come up with a plan when she learns that her publisher and a war hero will spend Christmas with her. After a slow start it turns into an entertaining little screwball comedy thanks to a fine cast. In a big departure from her previous role as a femme fatale in "Double Indemnity" Stanwyck displays a nice comedic flair. Morgan is smooth as the affable war hero while Greenstreet is well cast as the publisher. However Sakall steals the film as a chef trying to master the English language while speaking with an almost incomprehensible European accent.
critique562 i would give this movie an 8.5 or a 9. I thought it was just straight up hilarious i don't know how you could not think this movie was funny but the only thing that disappointed me was that there was alittle bit too much gross stuff because personally i think when they fly off of bikes and stuff like that is much funnier but I'm sure there are people that think the other things are very funny so that is not my desicion but anyways great movie go see it and after that you should definitely go buy it also if you do not like this movie that is fine because I'm sure there are many people who think that this movie shows how downgrading our society is or whatever this is just my personal opinion and you have yours. also the jackass box set is definitely something worth downloading or buying or whatever you do to get your videos
critique563 Another popular screening for a British picture at Coalville's Century Theatre. A well crafted solid drama with an ever developing plot and ongoing 'twists in the tale'...as the lies piled up! A masterclass of acting by a flawless cast well marshaled by first time director Julian Fellowes. Outstanding performance as usual by Tom Wilkinson but good turns by all concerned including supporting actors Linda Bassett and John Neville. Our audience was engrossed by this film which includes a couple of shock incidents which really make you 'jump'. A good tight production at around only 80 minutes probably produced on a very limited budget but a success which should see Fellowes directing again for the big screen. Some publicity for the film seemed to suggest it was set in the 50s (as per Nigel Balchin's novel)but obviously this is not the case. Recommended viewing.
critique564 When watching A Bug's Life for the first time in a long while I couldn't help but see the comparisons with last year's Happy Feet. As far as the main storyline goes they are very similar an outcast doing what he can to fit in while also attempting to be special. It just goes to show you how much better that film could have been without its liberal diatribe conclusion. A lot of people disagree with me when I say that I really like Pixar's sophomore effort. Sure it doesn't manage to capture the splendor of Toy Story nor is the animation out of this world. However the story is top-notch and the characters are wonderful to spend time with. With plenty of laughs and a moral center to boot I could watch this one just as much as the studio's other classics.<br /><br />There is a lot about finding strength from within to conquer all odds here. Between our lead Flick needing to keep his self-esteem up to save his colony the colony needing to open their eyes onto a new way of living for the future and the circus bugs finding that they are more than just untalented sideshow freaks everyone evolves into a better bug by the end of the story. Even the villain Hopper is fully fleshed and menacing for the right reasons. He is not doing it to be mean but instead understands the fact that the ants outnumber him 100 to 1. He needs them to fear him in order to not have to worry about them finding out the truth. It is very much a circle of life but not one that can't evolve with the ages.<br /><br />When thinking about the animation it is actually quite good. Compared to Antz the rival film of the time this is much more realistic and less cartoony. The water is rendered nicely as is the foliage. You don't have to look much further than the ants' eyes to see how much detail went into the production. The reflections and moistness despite the smooth exterior shows the realism. All the bugs are finely crafted too. The flies in the city and the crazy mix of creatures recruited to save the ants are never skimped on whether for a small role or a more expanded one. It is also in the city that we see the workmanship on the environments. While Ant Island is nice it is just the outdoors. Bug City contains plenty of garbage doubling as buildings and clubs. It is a great showing of humor and inventiveness to see what the animators used for everything. From the ice cube trays as circus stands the animal crackers box as circus wagonÃ‚Â—complete with full nutrition guide on the sideÃ‚Â—and crazy compilation of boxes to create a Times Square of billboards and facades everything is done right.<br /><br />As far as much of the humor you have to credit the acting talent for wonderful delivery and inspired role choices. No one could do a male ladybug better than Dennis Leary with his acerbic wit. I dare you to think of someone better. Our leads are great too with Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta as well as the always-fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the movie but also takes center stage in the bloopers during the credits. Yes A Bug's Life was the originator of animated outtakes from Pixar a tradition that has continued on. With many tongue-in-cheek bug jokes laced throughout you also have to give props to the huge supporting cast. Full of "those guy actors" it is people like Richard Kind Brad Garrett and the late Joe Ranft as Heimlich the worm who bring the biggest laughs.<br /><br />Overall it may be the simplest story brought to screen by Pixar one that has been told in one form or the other numerous times over the years but it is inspired enough and fresh enough to deliver an enjoyable experience. There are joyous moments sad times and even action packed scenes of suspense with birds coming in to join the fun. Complete with a couple of my favorite Pixar characters Tuck and Roll there isn't too much bad that I can think of saying about it.
critique565 I saw this on the big screen and was encapsulated with it. The period of Queen Victoria's younger years are a mystery and this is a perfect description of how a young girl was thrusted into one of the highest roles in the world.<br /><br />The script is perfect the acting is amazing the history and attention to detail is out of this world. Emily Blunt is perfect as Victoria. Funny how her mother is played by Elizabeth the 1st and William IV is played by Prince Albert! (Think Blackadder).<br /><br />This portrayal of Victoria shows that she was a rebellious young woman once - I'm sure she would have been on Jeremey Kyle Show if it had been around then: "My mother and her boyfriend are trying to steal my life".<br /><br />A Perfect piece of a major part of British and Commonwealth history.
critique566 This movie will undoubtably not go over well with some because most of the horror is mental. But it does have a little something for almost everyone including a couple of really cool abduction scenes with aliens. The film makes extensive use of alien abduction mythology while also showing a bit more intelligence about some facets of abduction myths than you would expect out of a movie. Jillian McWhirter is excellent in what had to have been a grueling performance.
critique567 Piper Prue and Phoebe bring Dr. Griffiths to the Manor in order to try and save him from The Source's personal assassin Shax. Whilst Phoebe looks in the Book of Shadows for a spell to vanquish Shax Prue and Piper are attacked by Shax and chase him into the street. Unbeknownst to Prue and Piper they were filmed by a news reporter and her cameraman using their powers and broadcasted live on national television. With Phoebe in the Underworld Prue Piper and Leo must find a way to reverse the damage done. Leo goes down to Phoebe and tells her that the Charmed Ones have been exposed as witches. On the surface Piper is shot by a manic witch-wannabe and Prue has to take her to the hospital. The problem here is that the crowds are blocking the driveway. So Prue has to use her magic on the crowd and they go to the hospital. Piper is pronounced dead and a SWAT team moves in. Leo learns of Piper's death and goes down to tell Phoebe. Cole is asked to ask The Source to reset time and The Source agrees; only if Phoebe turns to the dark side. Phoebe agrees but the deal will shatter them. Up on the surface Prue and Piper are battling Shax. Prue shouts out for Phoebe who unbeknownst to them is in the Underworld. Shax throws Piper and Prue through a wall and Dr. Griffiths out of a window. Prue is not pronounced dead until the Season 4 Premiere episode "Charmed Again Part One".<br /><br />"All Hell Breaks Loose" is a gripping episode and it made me sit on the edge of my seat. Sad that Prue's dead but happy that there will be five more seasons of Charmed. My vote; 10 out of 10. EXCELLENT
critique568 This is one of the best sequels around and a very good movie too even there were some mistakes but still I enjoyed it. This time Charles is not just fighting one or two muggers but a whole army of them. Death Wish 3 has a lot great action scenes and I enjoyed it every single second of it. Director Michael Winner knows how to direct a good action movie like this and Jimmy Page providing the music with producers Golan and Globus still doing there thing and Charles Bronson is still acting good for Paul Kersey. This movie also made it look like that Michael try to end the Death Wish series and I can't blame him and I love the Gun that Charles uses. Death Wish 3 is one of the great movies of 1985 and can't get any better than this.<br /><br />I gives this 9/10
critique569 In WWII America has developed a brand-new HUGE bomber plane. Lois Lane and Clark Kent go to cover the story when the plane is going on its first mission. Lois stows away on the plane before it takes off. There are also some Japanese saboteurs on board who have every intention of flying the bomber to Tokyo. Will Lois be able to warn Superman? What do you think?<br /><br />Fast-moving colorful cartoon. The animation is a little jerky but much better than anything we see today. The color and sound have been beautifully restored. Just two problems--the lousy music score and the racism (especially in the title). That aside this is pretty good. An 8.
critique570 i chose to see the this film on the day it opened nationally in france as a personal way for myself to reflect on what had happened a year previous; the collection works as intended: it provokes a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions working as an intellectual hommage never stooping to cheap sentimentality nor knee-jerk reactionism.<br /><br />there have been many allegations made that the film is anti-american: while i cannot speak for everyone in this regard i am one american who found such statements to be completely untrue. people make much noise about the egyptian segment by Chahine because it voices perspectives of palestinian suicide bombers asserting that civilians in a democracy are "fair targets" for they elect the governments the bombers are seeking to attack but this ignores much else in the piece: several perspectives are discussed no one being held up as the truth and critics--if they even saw the piece--seem to forget the fondness and warm dialogue that takes place between the director and the ghost of the american dialogue and the director's intense sadness upon hearing of the tragedy.<br /><br />pretty much all of the films are beautiful thoughtful & inspiring in particular the brilliant work by Mahkmalbaf Tanovic Loach & Inarritu. Nair good as usual effectively tells a true story of an injustice committed against a muslim family in the wake of anti-islam hysteria that swept--and still sweeps--the states. i did find Gitai's piece a bit vulgarly loud and simple in it's critic of media hysteria in the face of terrorism and Penn's piece was too impressionistic and elliptical for my tastes though i had expected to like it. Borgnine is very good and brave in it. SPOILER WARNING: one reviewer below incorrectly read the falling of the towers as being a happy moment for the character; my read is rather that the falling of the towers is what because light floods his room keys him into the loss in his life that he refused to recognize. again this is a sort of impressionistic piece for we know that if the towers were really blocking the light to this man's flat then there would have been nothing but smoke and ash not light flooding through his window.
critique571 I saw True Crime when it was first released back in the mid-nineties and I have watched it many times since. It is a great mystery about Mary (played by Alicia Silverstone) a high school senior in a California town who's classmate's younger sister was tortured and killed by an unknown murderer. Mary meets Tony (played by Kevin Dillon) a police cadet who sees how bright she is and they decide to work together to try to find the killer.<br /><br />Many suspects in this one. True Crime feels very "true" or real to me. I read a newsgroup review where someone wrote that total suspension of disbelief is present here and it is so true. Alicia Silverstone is perfect in this role and Kevin Dillon and Bill Nunn do a great job as do the other actors. The locations are right on and the writer/director Pat Verducci really captures some of the realities of teenage life and of Mary's loneliness (see the scene where Mary awakens from the dream sequence after having viewed the photos she took of Tony). I wish Verducci would make more movies.<br /><br />I have not seen any other movie quite like True Crime. 10/10
critique572 This is Not a Love Song.<br /><br />My one word summary of this film would be `Excellent'.<br /><br />It probably won't appeal to the mass movie watching public Ã‚Â– it's a<br /><br />film that forces you to participate. You observe think and question.<br /><br />Comparisons could be made with Deliverance (Topic/Theme) and<br /><br />perhaps with The Blair Witch Project for overall filming style.<br /><br />However this film stands unique against both.<br /><br />The cinematography effects (solarisation freeze frame blur etc)<br /><br />have been seen before but they are used most effectively in this<br /><br />film to underpin the natural tension of the story.<br /><br />Acting is raw menacing and utterly believable.<br /><br />The real theme of the film is about friendship; the title really gives<br /><br />the game away. It's probably not the kind of friendship that most of<br /><br />us have experienced or indeed would want to.<br /><br />It is a love song.
critique573 I can't say that I embrace this as a Romantic Comedy as I found little funny about it. I did find it endearing entertaining heartwarming and terminally sweet and while there were some witty moments I found them more bittersweet than outright comedic.<br /><br />I liked this one. Barrymore has grown so much as an actress and it's always wonderful to catch her on the big screen but this translates well to the small screen too. In fact on subsequent viewings I like this one more and more.<br /><br />If you're a fan of the Romantic Comedy then you may be a bit put off by lack of comedic effect with this one but if you're in it for the romance it's definitely here to be found.<br /><br />It rates a 7.8/10 from...<br /><br />the Fiend :.
critique574 Late one night on Tom Snyder's "Tomorrow" Show I watched Tom ask his guest Henry Morgan what he considered to be 'perfect.' Morgan responded "Anything with Glenda Jackson." And although I wouldn't consider this film to be perfect it does bear out that notion very well. I was about to use the clichÃƒÂ©' about Hollywood not making pictures like this anymore but then I just saw "Up in the Air" another intelligent film about 2 people over the age of 35 who fall in love. That's where the similarities end though. "House Calls" is just sheer fun watching 2 pros like Matthau and Jackson hit it off and seem completely natural while they're at it. I saw this film in the theater in 1978 (at the ripe old age of 18) and it took me another 20 years to get all of the jokes. Any film that can make punch lines out of 1920's tennis great Bill Tilden and British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain wouldn't play too well at the megaplex these days. One other thought: the original theatrical release featured a 'walk on the beach / fall in love' montage set to The Beatles/George Harrison tune "Something." It seemed a bit forced at the time but that song has since been swapped out for a rather generic Henry Mancini music cue for subsequent home video and cable release. Too bad because that scene just lays there now another victim of music licensing Hell.
critique575 As a another reviewer states Hanna's War is an outstanding film about an outstanding person Hanna "Anniko" Senesh who would become the Jewish Joan Of Arc. Unfortunately I diverge in opinion not agreeing that Miss Detmers as the lead is too beautiful to be taken seriously as a resistance fighter. In truth for me her performance is not held back by her beauty but makes it all the more stark in the terror of the sadistic brutality as a resistor she faces. Maruschka Detmers performance is brave poignant heartfelt or understood and totally believable. In other words for me "In the zone." from the opening credits. If you would like to learn about the suffering of someone else for something they believe in and be impressively entertained give Hanna's War with Maruschka Detmers a try. My hat is off also to Ellen Burstyn as Hanna's mother a much well known and famous actress who could have made effort to walk off with the film. In that it is a team effort perhaps of two actress' but not an All About Eve situation.
critique576 In my opinion this film has wonderful lighting and even better photography. Too bad the story is not all that good and Mr. Cage sometimes loses his accent. But two thumbs up for lighting and the DP!
critique577 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique578 I thought this was a really great movie especially since it was jut filler for me. I was bored I got it from the library and I really enjoyed myself! I've watched it twice in the two days and the more I watch it the more I like it.I thought that the plot was going to be really corny but in the end it really could be said that it would be true. I liked the main characters and I thought that they were well cast and you could see true friendship. I thought they all did an excellent job. The ending was good.And you really hate the bad guys and you really like the good guys. Which is what a movie is supposed to be like.
critique579 While I can't say whether or not Larry Hama ever saw any of the old cartoons I would think that writing said cartoons file cards and some of the comics would count for something.<br /><br />For fans of the old cartoon this is pretty much a continuation of the same except with a few new characters - and a more insane Cobra Commander.<br /><br />We still have all the old favorites too but on a personal note one thing that always irritated me was this "Duke in charge" stuff when there are tons of other *officers* around instead.<br /><br />The battle sequences are similar to the old series as well; the main trick here seems to be the CGI. It's overall pretty good if not a little over-the-top.
critique580 We as a family were so delighted with 'The Last of the Blonde Bombshells' we purchased a copy for our home video library.<br /><br />The acting is A1 and the cast contains many favorite actors and singers. The theme is unusual and the script well written. The music/songs are timeless and takes us back to our young days when we sang the songs at the top of our voices. To outline the story here would spoil the 'plot' as it is really nice to sit back and enjoy the story as it unfolds.<br /><br />Full marks to this most enjoyable and uplifting production and we heartily recommend it to anyone who is looking for a belly-laugh and lots of music.
critique581 After viewing "Whipped" at a distributor's screening at the AFM the other night I have to say that I was thoroughly impressed. The audience was laughing all the way through. Unfortunately every territory was already sold so I did not have the opportunity to purchase the film but I truly believe that it will be a big hit both domestically and over seas. I agree with the comment that "Whipped" should not be pitched as a male "Sex and the City" mainly because unlike "Sex and the City" "Whipped" is a satire about dating that never takes itself too seriously. "Whipped" pokes fun at relationships in a way that most sex comedies wouldn't dare. Also the film that I screened at the AFM had more of a plot and story than "Swingers" "Clerks" and "Sex and the City" combined. "Whipped" never slowed down for a beat and provided the audience with non-stop comedy. The performances of Amanda Peet and the rest of the cast were all rock solid which only made the film more impressive considering the budget.
critique582 Two Hands restored my faith in Aussie films. It took an old premise and made it fresh. I enjoyed this movie to no end. I recommend it to those people who like Guy Ritchie films. Bryan Brown was fantastic and just about perfect in a role tailor made for him. Ledger was adequtely dumb and his performance anchored a very satisfying movie for me.
critique583 This started out to be a movie about the street culture of the Bronx in New York. What it accomplished was to give birth to a new culture and way of life for American youth. What other movie has done this except Rebel Without A Cause? One of the most important movies of all time. The elements are simple yet fascinating. The story is timeless young people try to succeed against all odds. Yet the story is always believable and never depressing. The characters are so realistic a city dweller would recognize them as neighbors. The story is entertaining and comes to a satisfying ending. Buy this one for your permanent collection. It is a piece of American history.
critique584 It's a horror story alright. But perhaps not as you know it. The real monsters in this flick are humans. While the monsters are human and prey. As weird as that may sound I see this as "Monsters Inc" for horror film fans.<br /><br />Sure the effects are of a std horror film the monsters are there as in any monster based film the gore is there as well there even is a slasher in the shape of Dr Decker (played by David Cronenberg; I see flash of Cillian Murphy as Dr. Jonathan Crane in Batman Begins here - or is it the other way round?). And it is Decker &c who are the bad guys. The monsters want mainly to mind their own business warding off intrusive humans more or less misguided wanting to join there society.<br /><br />By the end of the film you actually grow to like the quite little monsters (and the dog) - not perhaps what you had expected from the first few scenes....
critique585 The story takes place in rural Germany on the eve of the second world war a unique setting with a couple of British agents being held by the Germans in a farm house. Since they aren't technically at war yet it seems as if both sides must have realized what was coming. Both agents (Bruce Lester and Ray Milland) escape into the countryside and split up. Milland happens upon gypsy woman Marlene Dietrich one evening as she's alone at her camp preparing dinner. Their encounter is an amazing and captivating scene not so much for Milland but for Dietrich who takes sexy sultriness to a whole new plane. Milland disguises himself as a gypsy in order to hide from the Germans but he remains committed to his mission to do with locating the scientist who knows the formula for a new poison gas but who also isn't a committed Nazi. The Hollywood take on gypsy life and customs is predictably portrayed but the underlying knowledge that they would be one of the targets for extermination by the Nazis adds a certain tension. The film straddles the line between being a serious story about the poison gas and the urgent search to get the formula and a colorful though not too convincing love story between Milland and Dietrich. However they're both very good; it's the fault of the film that didn't give them or their relationship enough dramatic realism relying on and exploiting obvious cultural differences for questionable comedic purposes. Nonetheless there are some tense and interesting points here and there the surprise meetings with German soldiers and Gestapo agents where Dietrich does a great palm reading and Milland nearly as good faking one and a dinner party of Germans of various stripes at which the announcement comes over the radio that Germany had been attacked by Poland and everyone stands and does a stiff arm salute. Mitchell Leison may have missed some opportunities here and there but he fully took advantage of others.
critique586 Although it has been a failure in movie theaters because mainly Mylene Farmer one of the 3 top stars in France had not the first role. Fans had changed their mind after that and were waiting for it on DVD. When it has been released on DVD this year it has have a tremendous success ! The others fails was the slow pace and the incredible length (3h) at that time (1994) that have annoyed critics. But the melancholic story makes mandatory that slow pace and long time. The moral of the film is you cannot escape from the death you are destined for. It is the same theme than in the movie "Final Destination" and makes it a Gothic tale. The atmosphere is very melancholic.
critique587 Recent years have seen a number of biopics of famous singers and "Ray" the story of Ray Charles has much in common with "Walk the Line" which was made the following year and told the story of Johnny Cash. Cash and Charles were near-exact contemporaries both being born in the early thirties and dying in 2003/04. Both grew up in poverty in the American Deep South. Both lost a brother in an accident during childhood. Both achieved success in the 1950s. Both experienced problems in their marriages and both were addicted to drugs. All these matters are emphasised in both films. There are also similarities with Ron Howard's "A Beautiful Mind". Although that film was about a mathematician rather than a musician it like both "Ray" and "Walk the Line" stressed the part played by its subject's wife in helping her husband to overcome his problems.<br /><br />Ray Charles was born to a single mother in a poor black community in Georgia in 1930. (His original name was Raymond Charles Robinson but when he was starting his career as a musician he dropped his surname to avoid confusion with the boxer Sugar Ray Robinson). In some ways Charles had an even harder time than did Cash having to cope with two additional disadvantages in the shape of his blindness and of the racism which affected all black Americans especially in the South during his lifetime. Charles had a particularly traumatic childhood witnessing the death of his younger brother George in a drowning accident and going blind about a year or two later. He appears to have been haunted by nightmares and feelings of guilt over George's death throughout his life.<br /><br />The first half of the film is rather slow moving and is a standard rags-to-riches showbiz biopic telling the story of how the young Charles is taught to play the piano becomes a nightclub performer and then rises to fame as a major artist falling in love along the way with the beautiful Della Bea. The best scenes in this part of the film are the flashbacks to Charles's childhood. There is an effective recurrent image of coloured glass bottles hanging from a tree in front of his house; perhaps this was one of his few visual memories of his life before he went blind. There is also a memorable scene in which the teenaged Charles shames a prejudiced bus driver into letting him on the bus by pretending to have lost his sight on Omaha beach (In reality he would only have been thirteen at the time of the Normandy landings).<br /><br />The second half of the film becomes more interesting as it moves into more controversial territory focusing on Charles's drug addiction the problems in his marriage caused by his affair with Margie Hendricks one of his backing singers and his battles against racism. In the early sixties Charles caused a sensation by refusing to play in front of a racially segregated audience in Georgia (although contrary to what is stated in the film this did not result in his being banned from performing in the state). He also fought against racial divides within the music industry itself performing not only traditionally "black" styles of music such as gospel and rhythm and blues but also traditionally "white" ones such as country and western (regarded by many black Americans as the music of choice of the redneck community).<br /><br />As Peter Bradshaw film critic of "The Guardian" noted "Ray" is a sunny film which diplomatically turns away from the darker side of things. It omits any mention of such matters as the death of Charles's beloved mother Aretha during his teenage years his brief marriage to Eileen Williams in the early fifties and his eventual divorce from Della Bea in 1977. It also plays down the extent of his womanising and the number of his illegitimate children. There are similarities here with "A Beautiful Mind" which also omitted a number of controversial details about its subject's personal life including a divorce.<br /><br />Fans of Ray Charles will no doubt enjoy the film for the music but it is worth watching even for those who do not know much about him chiefly on account of Jamie Foxx's Oscar-winning performance in the title role reproducing Charles's mannerisms so exactly that we think we actually are watching a blind man even though Foxx himself is sighted. (Unlike Joaquin Phoenix in "Walk the Line" however Foxx did not do his own singing- doubtless Charles's distinctive singing voice was too difficult to reproduce). He receives good support from some of the other performers particularly Sharon Warren as Aretha and Kerry Washington as Della Bea. The film is uneven and overlong but nevertheless rewarding. 7/10
critique588 The nearest I ever came to seeing this was a clip shown at a Gerard Philippe exposition in Paris about two years ago. I had no interest in the remake and having just caught up with the original just over half a century after it was made I can only conclude that the inept fencing was intentional aimed at a long obsolete target. Hollywood had been doing realistic sword fights since the 30s when the greatest of them all Basil Rathbone crossed foils with Errol Flynn and others so the technique was available and so that leaves only satire. After a while you don't notice and revel in the Henri Jeanson dialogue reminiscent of the Prisoner Of Zenda both versions. Gerard Philippe certainly had the presence to bring off a role like this and Gina Lollabrigida was probably a tad better than Martine Carol the other obvious candidate at the time. The print I saw was particularly bad and at one point broke down completely so maybe a DVD version would enhance it.
critique589 This movie had a lot of ups & downs...The storyline is strong while telling the saga of Ma' Barker growing up & then her misadventures with her boys and the FBI..Theresa Russell is very talented and her beauty even shines through as Ma' Barker in Public Enemies. The Direction of Mark L. Lester while not as good as in "85's Commando was still very interesting.<br /><br />Eric Roberts plays a short-lived part as a security guard turned thug(and Ma's Lover) and Alyssa Milano plays a prostitute who hangs with the gang. Frank Stallone plays a thug who helps out the gang & while one of his exploits gets one of Ma's boy into trouble he gets himself out in a final way so to speak...<br /><br />I was perplexed intrigued & captivated throughout this movie..So it makes me wonder what movie all these others who voted it so low watched!..For all those wondering..Umm the FBI was actually that bad in the beginning didn't have tommy guns like the outlaws had & were thus at quite a disadvantage whenever they did get into shootout's with gang's of that era..Since everything I saw represented the 30's I felt it was more realistic than many other movies made portraying that era...It is in may ways like a train wreck happening..You don't want to watch but JUST have too..Enjoy!!!
critique590 It's strange how the least known movies sometimes end up amongst the best you've seen. This movie has all the elements of a standard modern day thriller guns techno baddies cash etc and yet it stands out from your average Hollywood also-ran. I would credit this to two very charismatic people. Christopher Walken has a cool confidence and Lorraine Bracco is one of the warmest and sexiest women I've ever seen on screen. Another major reason why this film stands out is coz the setting shifts to Jamaica after the beginning. The Jamaican resort is so beautiful you'll wish you were there sitting by the pool at night with a Run'n'Coke. . . .I know I did. I'm very glad I saw this movie - it was just too nice to miss!
critique591 so halfway through the season i got so caught up in school and my activities that i didn't realize that the show had been canceled halfway through which is crap.<br /><br />i think the followers of this show should write fox and ask them to at least finish filming so that a the season can be released on DVD later. maybe then they'll see how many people were disappointed that the show didn't survive its first season.<br /><br />i loved the show and looked forward to it every thursday after the OC. can you imagine my disappointment when i came back to try and watch the show only to discover that it had disappeared? needless to say i'm not very happy with fox right now. even more so after discovering that NO ENDING WAS FILMED. i mean if you're going to work on a project at least finish it to see what happens. a half filmed show is like a half made car it's pretty much useless. fox film the damn ending and give some of the show's fans some peace.
critique592 After reading the original play I thought it would have been much more difficult to adapt to screen than it turned out to be. Donal McCann puts in a once-off great performance as Public Gar the repressed antagonist who is manifested openly on screen by his extroverted (but unseen to others) alterego- Private Gar. Eamonn Kelly also plays an excellent "screwballs" whose inability to communicate his feelings is matched only by Gar.<br /><br />Definitely worth renting out if you can find it. (Probably unavailable outside Ireland & UK)
critique593 I must confess I was surprised at how good this movie was when I first watched it. I had planned to see it in theaters during the summer but found out unpleasantly that it had already been and gone. Therefore I expected it to have been removed from theaters because it was bad. Then today I rented it and watched it and really enjoyed it. The speed that events were occurring was questionable it could have been a little longer. I found it was very true to the book however it left out some crucial parts: Mullet Finger's real name etc. I felt as if I hadn't read the book I wouldn't have really understand what was going on. The acting was quite good another thing I had expected to be poor however the cop sorry I can't remember the actor's name could have done a little better. All in all I found this to be a very entertaining movie and would recommend it to all audiences!
critique594 <br /><br />The kind of movie that demands too much from the audience yet to disappoint most of them. I think of the Mexican people who (either in an attempt to support Mexican movies or willing to see a film casting top Mexican stars) saw it half of the people went out of the theater when I went to watch it it's definitely not the kind of movie one could expect. I think too of the people from other countries who dared spending 2 hours seeing it till the very end "what a piece of crap". In order to understand Cronica de un desayuno one has to be mexican and one has to be familiar with the low middle classes (or even better be part of them). There's nothing accidental in this movie the family is and has what many families in Mexico at least share. One has to see it with a wide open mind to accept it entirely it's not the kind of movie that you fully understand after you watch it. The older brother wouldn't let anyone sit on his RED couch the sister is staying no matter how she wants to leave the younger brother is going to an excursion and all he cares about is the yellow radio the mother has to prepare the breakfast for the family no matter how tense and unbearable the situation is. The father came back after who knows how long allowing the mother to live a night of passion that somehow turns out to be momentary and ends up by repeating all the attitudes of his sons... The stories around the house are surrealistic (and so is the movie) a travestite looking for his penis a factory worker and his attempt of suicide subtled by the kisses of his girlfriend a fat man riding his bicycle after a interesting conversation about homosexuals with his sister? wife? mother?... The music doesn't pretend too much but it achieves a lot not more than a snare drum cymbal a some strings. Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.<br /><br />One of the best mexican movies ever! and one of the less understood even by mexican themselves no matter how identified the should have felt with it.<br /><br />
critique595 This is one of several period sea-faring yarns of its era which has the added distinction (although not in itself unique) of a female buccaneer at its center. At first both leads Ã¢Â€Â“ Jean Peters and Louis Jourdan Ã¢Â€Â“ might seem miscast but they grow nicely into their roles eventually thanks no doubt to the talented players (Herbert Marshall Thomas Gomez and James Robertson Justice) who support them. Velvety-voiced Marshall is uncharacteristically cast as the shipÃ¢Â€Â™s obligatory philosophical lush of a doctor and Gomez is suitably larger-than-life as Blackbeard The Pirate.<br /><br />The cast is completed by Debra Paget as JourdanÃ¢Â€Â™s wife who incurs the jealous rage of the tomboyish titular character in whom Jourdan instills the first pangs of love (which however does not spare him the occasional flogging or sword-wound); incidentally the film was the second exotic teaming of Jourdan and Paget in one year following Delmer DavesÃ¢Â€Â™ BIRD OF PARADISE. The direct result of this unexpected softening of AnneÃ¢Â€Â™s character is her falling out with BlackbeardÃ¢Â€Â™s crew and her unlikely climactic sacrifice in order to save the lives of the stranded Jourdan Paget and Marshall.<br /><br />While the film is not a particularly outstanding example of its type Jacques TourneurÃ¢Â€Â™s energetic direction and Franz WaxmanÃ¢Â€Â™s grandiose score ensure an above-average effort that moves along at a brisk pace; incidentally Tourneur had already done service in the genre with the superior Burt Lancaster vehicle THE FLAME AND THE ARROW (1950). As usual with vintage Technicolor productions the cinematography gives the film a sumptuousness that is invigorating. By the way differing running-times are given for this film (81 or 87 minutes) and for the record the version I watched was the shorter one.
critique596 I had the pleasure of screening "The Big Bad Swim" at the 2006 New London Film Festival last week. The festival highlights some of the best independent and non-mainstream films from the past year. It was my assumption that "The Big Bad Swim" was chosen for screening at this festival for the simple reason that it was shot locally in and around Eastern Connecticut. However as the credits began to roll I could only think about how well "The Big Bad Swim" compared to the others featured during the festival. By far it topped my list followed by "The Puffy Chair" "Who Killed The Electric Car" and "Transamerica".<br /><br />The "The Big Bad Swim" is an engaging truthful and often-humorous look at several adult education swim class pupils and their likable yet troubled instructor that has a depth that I've not seen on screen in quite a while. The interweaving character development and plot lines derived from something as absurd as adult-swimming lessons works in subtle and endearing ways which I found refreshing. The plot doesn't beat you over the head with a direction; rather it builds and grows organically with a pace that was spot on. I was never bored. I never cringed. I never stepped out of the story on the screen.<br /><br />The humor of the film is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" meets "Old School". The acting from a group of relatively unknown actors was credible and their dialog never seemed awkward or contrived. Obviously not being a multi-million production the camera shot weren't all awe-inspiring and clear but adequate and well done for the budget. The lighting and filming technique for scenes filmed in the strip club setting were particularly eye catching because of a more realistic approach than a similar themed scene found in "Closer". I also found shots filmed underwater of the class from the waist down seemed to be just as much a portrait of character as a shot from the shoulders up could be.<br /><br />I sure it's said over and over from many in the independent film industry but I have to say it: If "The Big Bad Swim" isn't picked up for some kind of distribution I would extremely disappointed. "The Big Bad Swim" needs to be seen. If you have the chance to see this film SEE IT! Disappointment is impossible!
critique597 Probably one of his lesser known films it suffers from the same lack of exposure as Salvador in that its actually one of his best.<br /><br />Written by and starring Eric Bogosian Talk Radio tells the story of an opinionated radio phone-in host who upsets the wrong kind of listener. The film is important and has much to say on the issues of free speech and just how free it should be and you can easily tell that it started life as a stage play. Know what you're getting into before you sit down to watch it and you'll be fine.<br /><br />There isn't much to the acting really as Bogosian pretty much steals the film he wrote and is given licence to rant I couldn't take my eyes off him and that was part of the fascination many of the listeners had; the people who hated him wouldn't turn off in-case they missed something.<br /><br />Not for everyone but a very good drama and overall a very good film.
critique598 Robin Hood: Men in Tights has received no respect whatsoever. It was hilarious! Cary Elwes was excellent as the "Prince of Thieves" and David Chappelle Amy Yasbeck Patrick Stewart Richard Lewis and Mark Blankfield as Blinkin all did fine jobs. I will never understand the hostility toward "Robin Hood: Men in Tights" but I do know a great comedy when I see one.<br /><br />"Robin Hood: Men in Tights" receives *** out of ****.
critique599 A lawyer is drawn into a deadly game of cat and mouse when he becomes involved with a femme fatale in this adaptation of a Grisham novel. Altman creates a suspenseful Gothic atmosphere but the script is weak. Sporting a Southern drawl Branagh is convincing as the lawyer and Davidtz is alluring as the object of his desire. Downey is likable as a private detective. Duvall has a small role which does not allow him to do much with his weird character. Hannah and Berenger round out the impressive cast. After an interesting setup the film bogs down and does not really deliver on its initial promise but Altman is always worth a look.
critique600 Intelligent wry and thrilling "The Invisible Man" stood out in 2000 among Sci-Fi's usual lineup balancing out "Farscape"'s fantastical art direction and sometimes melodramatic script with gritty cynical plots and modern noir dialogue. The show sat between "Law and Order" and "Doctor Who" on the believability meter but there was no denying the fact that "I-Man"'s characters went beyond caricature. Even characters that verged on predictability like the Keeper the Official and Eberts were given reprieves from the formulaic. Paul Ben-Victor and Vincent Ventresca had a chemistry that evolved and shifted elegantly made even more remarkable by the revolving door team of writers and directors. The effects are never allowed to overwhelm the plot and the science only sometimes verged on the totally unbelievable. The show's low points are still entertaining and I've never seen such taut pilot episodes. Matt Greenberg and Sci-Fi should be commended and fans have the right to demand a comprehensive DVD edition of the show. Every time I come across a marathon of "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" on Sci-Fi I roll my eyes and sigh mourning the excitement and possibility of science fiction television that "Invisible Man" and its ilk represented.
critique601 Irrespective of the accuracy of facts Bandit Queen is a true story its true because the themes it deals with hold as much truth today as they did way back in 1994. This movie is violent powerful and thought provoking.The protagonist is a woman of flesh and blood whose adversity brought out the best(or worst) out of her. Keeping the subjectivity aside there is no doubt that Phoolan's character from a young girl of 8 who is married off by her father to clear a debt(pun intended) to a gang leader who goes on to become a leader of the lower caste has evolved into a champion in her own right. Her portrayal is so powerful that the viewer is even willing to forgive her for a massacre.<br /><br />I can understand if the western audience is not able to appreciate this masterpiece Bandit Queen needs to be 'studied' in the Indian context and not just checked out in stereotypes. I may not be able to sell it on its universal appeal but its certainly a must watch for the Indian audience its a shame that the movie had a delayed overtly censored release in India.<br /><br />Bandit Queen is the story of a woman who fought against two odds in India being a woman and that too a lower caste her rebellious nature and inability to just give in caused her the most horrible experiences in life which only went on to strengthen her into a self proclaimed goddess. She responded to violence with violence and dint become the submissive woman society wanted her to be. Call it divine justice or judiciary failure had she killed a single person she would have been hanged she killed 24 and got revered respected and glorified.<br /><br />P.S # Whoever found her character "psychotic" needs to be sodomized at 8 gangraped by 10 men at a go and paraded naked. Then they should be asked- How normal do they feel?
critique602 Well this might be one of the funniest movies of all time and Sandy gives a tour-de-force performance! Alas her career never quite took off but - at last - she will always be remembered for her three first-rate pictures: "The King Of Comedy" "Dallas Doll" and "Without You I'm Nothing". She dons into different personas from New York socialite to Diana Ross to create a biting and hilarious critique of popular culture in America. Sexy and fierce tender and sensual philosophical and melancholic she convinces the audience in every scene and she actually IS "really pretty". Watch this one (if you're not from Iowa) you'll certainly enjoy it!!
critique603 Read My Lips tells of a strange symbiosis which develops between a plain socially maladroit female office worker (Devos) and her workplace trainee a crude excon (Casel). As the film fleshes out this unlikely duo down to their ids they become embroiled in a chilling merging of the minds each using the other for their own selfish reasons with an extraordinary outcome. Good stuff for anyone into character-driven films with strong psychodramatic undercurrents. In French with easy to read subtitles and good translation. (B+)
critique604 Alright so maybe the impersonations of Jay Leno and David Letterman are not spot on but you still get a sense of who these people are and how they operate behind the screen. Bob Balaban and Treat Williams are excellant as Warren Littlefield and Micheal Ovitz.<br /><br />The movie doesn't go for joke and punchline but it is still funny. Kathy Bates in particular is amazing as Leno's manager.<br /><br />Funny amazing interesting very watchable this is a good TV movie.
critique605 The Intruder (L'Intrus) is a visual pilgrimage through a mysterious life. <br /><br />Grizzled Michel Subor plays "Louis Trebor" like Jason Bourne as an old man with a hidden past living simply in an isolated hut in the woods for justifiably paranoid reasons (but attracting pretty young women who can be useful to him). We learn more about him through dreams flashbacks and a journey that may unfold chronologically or not as well as through his brusque interactions with family lovers business associates and a striking nemesis. Like "The Limey" the film resonates with parent/child regrets and a suspicious past revealed through clips from an old film with the same actor as a young man (here Paul GÃƒÂ©gauff's 1965 adventure film "Le Reflux").<br /><br />In a complete contrast of moods we meet his son Sidney (GrÃƒÂ©goire Colin) who has to be the sexiest house husband in the world as he sweetly and seductively does household repairs and cares for a baby a toddler and every need of his working wife. Surely director/co-writer Claire Denis must have created him as a woman's fantasy if ever there was one and a lesson to other filmmakers on filming foreplay. There's an additional extended scene where he seeks his father in the woods while carefully carrying his angelic baby in a pouch. He is everything his father is not and has every relationship his father is incapable of sustaining; no wonder he thinks his father is "a lunatic." I spent the rest of the film in dread that something bad would happen to him as the true nature of the heart of his alienated father is very gradually played out before our eyes.<br /><br />The film is a puzzle but Subor is ruthlessly fascinating as we watch him traverse countries and negotiate nefarious deals and the voice-over narration for Denis's "Beau Travail" was annoying anyway. We have to figure out from skylines and incidental signage that he is traveling to Geneva Korea and the South Pacific. Time passing is indicated by the seasons changing and scars being created and healing. There are lots of images of water for cleansing and for distancing. <br /><br />Continuing her fascination with the morphing of colonialism into globalization as well as playing a bit on stereotypes of the Mysterious Orient and Russian criminals Denis has incorporated elements from Robert Louis Stevenson Paul Gauguin and Marlon Brando's Tahiti idylls and a 40-page memoir by French philosopher Jean-Luc Nancy the last for the title and heart-transplant plot used for an ironic theme of limited immortality which does have consequences.<br /><br />While "Louis" thinks he's succeeded in being above boundaries rules and morals there is some amusement in the last act as the locals don't quite know what to do with him and try to help him solve his quixotic odyssey even as he again lies in isolation.<br /><br />Several people in the audience left in frustration at the elliptical but strikingly beautiful story telling method. The unconventional narrative does raise a lot of plot questions on details.
critique606 The Days is a typical family drama with a little catch - you must relate to the character's emotions in every way possible in order for you to truly appreciate the show.<br /><br />Possible Spoilers For Those Who Are Unfamiliar With the Show<br /><br />The story obviously for all the people who has watched the show is the world of Cooper Day the middle child of the family. He records his days with his family and hopes to become a rich and famous writer one day because of his observations. His family includes a mother a father a perfect sister and a genius-little-brother. The first episode which is going to sound a bit stupid since John Scott Shepard has created this situation - both the sister and mother gets pregnant. That's the first situation the writer hits. Then the father quits his job at the law firm. The youngest son gets a panic attack. The middle child gets in a fight with the sister's boyfriend. This is all in a day's work.<br /><br />/Spoilers<br /><br />I admire this show. I don't know. It's a bit crappy but I like it. First I thought the camera-work was a ripoff but then I got used it and started to like it. I liked the quiet conversations under a dark light. I liked the intimate feeling of the show. I liked the low-budget style. I liked the acting. I admire the story. Then I find myself wanting a second season of The Days. I slowly became a fan of it as the 6-episode airing on ABC came to an end. It's a really good show and it's nothing like The OC. The two have nothing in common. So I hope fans will stop comparing them.<br /><br />And if you can relate to either Abby Jack Natalie Cooper or even Nate you'll like this show. A lot.
critique607 Buddy Holly was a pioneer and victim of the early days of rock 'n' roll. The young singer/songwriter from Lubbock Texas left his mark on the template of modern music. Inspired by Elvis Presley Holly would spend a lot of time fighting the system in order to get his rock-a-billy sound recorded. Before his untimely death he was mixing lush strings with be-bop rhythms. Holly would take his place with Presley Chuck Berry Jerry Lee Lewis and Ricky Nelson as the voices of teenage angst.<br /><br />This easy to watch bio is not without flaws. Some situations events places and even names were not correct for various reasons. What makes this movie so believable is that Gary Busey did his own singing in the part of Holly. A well produced soundtrack became a multi-million seller.<br /><br />Busey was nominated for an Oscar. Other stars of note are Don Stroud Conrad Janis Charles Martin Smith and Maria Richwine.
critique608 First and foremost I would like to say that I'm a huge Sarah Silverman fan and having other people say that and then rag on the pilot is beyond me. Everything in the pilot was in typical Sarah Silverman form maybe not directly funny but the situation and the delivery are what counts.<br /><br />If you liked Jesus is Magic then I don't see how you wouldn't like this. It has that same flow and that same rhythm. True it's only for the true fans but if you are you'll be pleased.<br /><br />Again only for the true fans there's no way around that. If you're not used to her style then you wouldn't get why this is funny. However it is and I hope you think so too.
critique609 Imagine you have the opportunity to see yourself again as a kid. Now think what would happen if you had the chance to speak with your younger self or even change him/you. Would you try to influence or try to change your younger self's beliefs in light of your future experience? Or perhaps the encounter would change your older self's perception of life and reality? <br /><br />Walt Disney's The Kid tries to engage this complex thought by putting "older self" Bruce Willis in a collision course with "younger self" Spenser Breslin (from The Santa Clause 2 and The Cat in the Hat "fame"). The result is a sometimes funny sometimes touching encounter which makes you ponder about your own past present and future Ã‚Â– and truly believe it is never too late to change your course.
critique610 It is movie about loveviolenceillegal affairs and romanian tycoons. A romanian story combined with an occidental adaption resulting in a modern international film that can be understood both by western audiences but as well by eastern European audiences that HAVE LONG forgotten about the conservative comunist regim over film-making.<br /><br />A film full of violent fight scenes that are very numerous and create more and more tensed situations as the movie goes on . <br /><br />A story that impresses because of its view over the hard life from the neighbourhood. Two young men do illegal car races. They work together as a team and prosper from their occupation but when they are asked by a local tycoon to lose one race things start to get messy and the fuse from the bomb lights up creating a very tensionated movie that will keep you close to the screen until the ending of it when you will still be asking yourself a lot of questions long after that.<br /><br />Brilliant acting both by Dragos Bucur and Dorina Chiriac along with high quality directing and screen writing by the young but talented director Radu Muntean also give a unique charm to Furia. All this and many other elements that can be noticed while watching have created a must see movie by all the filmlovers around the world and its message is clear to all not depending of race language we speak or country. It is a real hope for the Romanian cinema as it tries to keep up with the more advanced occidental cinema.<br /><br />I hope you enjoy watching it as I'm sure that all the people that have seen it liked it and understood it.
critique611 Obsessed!!!!! I have every season of Gilmore Girls and I think the reason I love it so much is because of how smart the script is its not your average comedy show there isn't any pause after a joke it just keeps on if you missed you missed it. And its not like a soap opera drama either because it doesn't use dramatic music and the actors never have those stupid cheesy surprise looks. I think Gilmore Girls is one of the bests shows on T.V. shows of its time. Its fun because they talk so fast you can't get everything the first time its nice to go back and laugh at the other jokes. Also they have so many references its amazing how smart it is.<br /><br />And you can relate to the characters also their so real and there actors are superb from the witty Lorelai to the hermit Luke to the immature Kirk the show is just amazing. I definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to have a good time and spend sometime with there family this is definitely the show for them. There is only one word that can describe Gilmore Girls....CLASSIC!!!!!!
critique612 When a stiff turns up with pneumonic plague (a variant of bubonic plague) U.S. Public Health Service official Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) immediately quarantines everyone whom he knows was near the body. Unfortunately the stiff got that way by being murdered and there's a good chance that the murderer will start spreading the plague leading to an epidemic. Enter Police Captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas) who is enlisted to track down the murderer as soon as possible and avert a possible national disaster.<br /><br />While Panic in the Streets is a quality film it suffers from being slightly unfocused and a bit too sprawling (my reason for bringing the score down to an eight). It wanders the genres from noirish gangster to medical disaster police procedural thriller and even romance.<br /><br />This is not director Elia Kazan's best work but saying that is a bit disingenuous. Kazan is the helmer responsible such masterpieces as A Streetcar Named Desire (1951) On The Waterfront (1954) and East of Eden (1955) after all. This film predates those but Kazan has said that he was already "untethered" by the studio. Taking that freedom too far may partially account for the sprawl. The film is set in New Orleans a city where Kazan "used to wander around . . . night and day so I knew it well". He wanted to exploit the environment. "It's so terrific and colorful. I wanted boats steam engines warehouses jazz joints--all of New Orleans".<br /><br />Kazan handles each genre of Panic in the Streets well but they could be connected better. The film would have benefited by staying with just one or two of its moods. The sprawl in terms of setting would have still worked. Part of the dilemma may have been caused by the fact that Panic in the Streets was an attempt to merge two stories by writers Edna and Edward Anhalt "Quarantine" and "Some Like 'Em Cold".<br /><br />The gangster material which ends up in firmly in thriller territory with an extended chase scene near the end of the film is probably the highlight. Not surprisingly Kazan has said that he believes the villains are "more colorful--I never had much affection for the good guys anyway. I don't like puritans". A close second is the only material that approaches the "panic" of the title--the discovery of the plague and the attempts to track down the exposed inoculate them and contain the disease. While there is plenty of suspense during these two "moods" much of the film is also a fairly straightforward drama with pacing more typical of that genre.<br /><br />The dialogue throughout is excellent. The stylistic difference to many modern films could hardly be more pronounced. It is intelligent delivered quickly and well enunciated by each character. Conflict isn't created by "dumb" decisions but smart moves; events and characters' actions are more like a chess game. When unusual stances are taken such as Reed withholding the plague from the newspapers he gives relatively lengthy justifications for his decisions which other characters argue over.<br /><br />In light of this it's interesting that Kazan believed that "propriety religion ethics and the middle class are all murdering us". That idea works its way into the film through the alterations to the norm or allowances away from it made by the protagonists. For example head gangster Blackie (Jack Palance in his first film role) is offered a "Get Out of Jail Free" card if he'll cooperate with combating the plague.<br /><br />The technical aspects of the film are fine if nothing exceptional but the real reasons to watch are the performances the intriguing scenario and the well-written dialogue.
critique613 I remember seeing this on TV in the late 70s - and it stayed with me! It's charming loud colourful - a great kids film. I put it on for some friends at a party recently - and naturally they thought I was mad and expected something sick to happen to the puppets a la "Meet the feebles" But no - its wholesome clean fun.<br /><br />jack wild is in fine form as is mama cass and the somehow attractive witchy poo.<br /><br />If you like the banana splits and you are in your 30's this will re-create that surreal childhood Saturday morning vibe!<br /><br />Even if I've realised now that Puf himself is a bit crap - as all he does is get captured and run away! Quality TV movie - if like me you are into death metal - you'll love it!
critique614 I can't say that this movie deserves a ten because I would be lying. I adored this movie when I saw it though! It carries the unique bond of a friendship between a teenager and a dolphin. Although it doesn't display the sweetness that Jesse and Willy had in Free Willy it provides an exciting movie that the whole family will enjoy! If you love marine animals or if u love just a perfect family film this movie is suited for YOU! Flipper definitely shows us how adorable dolphins are and they are playful and could easily be house pets if everyone had a big enough pool! I love whales and dolphins so obviously this movie works for me. I do think that the producers should have chosen another shark instead of the hammerhead to enhance the antagonist part in the story. Perhaps a great white? FLIPPER IS MAGNIFICENT! So check it out!
critique615 I've just purchased the restored version of a film that I remember with much affection from childhood and it's certainly made for a curious afternoon's entertainment. Bedknobs definitely makes more sense in its complete form the deleted scenes (especially those with McDowall) link events together quite neatly. What is a little disconcerting is the way the scenes have been remastered. Clearly the soundtrack to this footage had been lost or damaged so some bright spark at Disney decided to dub the scenes with new dialogue. Which would have been great except that half the cast weren't around to do it (some for better reasons than others) and the whole thing has a rather shoddy quality to it. Some of the lip-synching is pretty poor and David Tomlinson's voice has been dubbed by a bloke who sounds absolutely nothing like David Tomlinson (there's actually a hint of German in it I think). However good to hear the full versions of all the songs (although 'Step in the right Direction' is still absent) and the moments of magic in this film still shine through. And I challenge you not to giggle when young Paul gazes so innocently at Angela Lansbury and coos "but what's that got to do with my knob??"
critique616 I thought this movie was pretty good. Some parts were corny but that's understandable since it was made more than 55 years ago. I thought the best performance in the movie was given by Michele Morgan who played Millie convincingly. Jack Haley is also really good as Mike O'Brien. Even though I'm not a big Frank Sinatra fan I think he was very good in this movie. If your have a craving for a silly over the top musical comedy Higher and Higher is the movie for you.<br /><br />
critique617 I totally agree that "Nothing" is a fantastic film! I've not laughed so much when watching a film for ages! and David Hewlett and Andrew Miller are fantastic in this! they really work well together! This film may not appeal to some people (I can't really say why without spoiling it!) but each to their own! I loved it and highly recommend it!<br /><br />The directing is great and some of the shots are very clever. It looks as though they may have had a lot of fun when filming it!<br /><br />Although there are really only main 2 characters in the film and not an awful lot of props the actors manage to pull it off and make the film enjoyable to watch.
critique618 Contains Spoilers<br /><br />Luchino Visconti's film adaptation of Thomas Mann's novella is visually if not philosophically faithful to its source (Britten's opera offers a more faithful reading of the Apollonian/Dionysian struggles which consume the aging writer). It is certainly one of the most gorgeous films ever made.<br /><br /> In the Visconti version the emphasis is more on the physical aspects of the story. Never has Venice looked more beautiful and alluring more decadent and effete. If you've read the novella it's like having the descriptions on its pages come to life. Dirk Bogarde gives an outstanding performance as Gustav von Aschenbach. Although he has very little dialogue he conveys the bitterness aroused passion and finally pitiful yearning of Aschenbach through facial expressions alone. Bjorn Andresen the young actor who plays Tadzio the beautiful object of Aschenbach's desire was perfectly cast. He too plays the part with facial expressions and gestures. The Tadzio character is pivotal to the story so any actor in this role must be worthy of inspiring passion and desire. Visconti with his incredible eye for beauty knew exactly what he was doing. And changing Ashenbach from a writer to a composer based on Gustav Mahler and then using Mahler's music especially the Adagietto from the 5th Symphony was another brilliant stroke. Although I'd read the Mann story before the film Mahler's music and Death in Venice will always be inextricably linked in my mind. As will the haunting images which appear throughout the film especially that last one of Ashenbach dying on the beach as Tadzio walks slowly into the sea.<br /><br /> One day this film will be released in DVD widescreen format and its visual splendors completely restored to us.
critique619 Going into this movie I knew two things about it. I knew that it was a real extreme flick and I knew that it was somewhat artsy. Both appeal to me in their own right but when placed together it can be something truly unique. And this was damn right without a doubt unique. Like I said above it is an artsy film. The way they used some intense sound it reminded me a lot of an Aronofsky film. Visually I haven't seen anything like it. The cinematography and lighting were done very well. The movie seriously uses visuals and sounds better than anything I've seen in a while. Especially when you consider the experience these young filmmakers had (couple 20 year olds) you really have to take your hat off to them.<br /><br />The movie isn't easy to describe or even discuss. There isn't an actual storyÃ‚Â….you could say it revolves around the right and left side of the brain and how they control your lifeÃ‚Â…I think. It's four segments or four ideas brought alive through visual and auditory extremes. There is some talking hear and there but it's mostly a non-speaking film.<br /><br />The first segment is the shortest and it revolves a naked body and an eyeball. Try and guess what happensÃ‚Â….wrong. The second segment is my favorite. It involves a brother and a sister (who looks a little like Sarah Silverman but with bigger boobs). The brother is crazy and the sister is somewhat of a whore. I would say this is the most extreme of all the segments and the most well made. The gore effects in this one were great. The third segment revolves around a bunch of naked people sexing it up with mother earth. It's probably considered the weakest of the bunch but still is smart and well made. The fourth segment is probably the strongest of the film and I'd also say the deepest. For myself I'll have to view this a couple times to understand what's truly being said. I know that it tackles Christianity in a way that would most likely make your mother feint or throw upÃ‚Â….give it a try.<br /><br />Subconscious Cruelty was recommended to me and I'm proud to say this is now in my movie collection. It's extreme violent gory very sexual and surprisingly pretty damn thought provoking. The next line I'm about to say has been used in almost every review I've read for this film. "This movie is not for everyone." Now ain't that the truth. If you're into extreme films and/or you're just a lover of film that wants to see something differentÃ‚Â….check this out. 8 1/2 outta 10
critique620 I also saw The Last Stop at the Moving Pictures Film Festival in Prince George. I have to confess the only reason I went to see it is because I am a huge Callum Keith Rennie fan. And he didn't let me down. He gave a good performance of a rather unsympathetic character and provided about the only comic relief in the whole movie.<br /><br />The movie itself is the usual 'lots of bad people trapped in a snow storm together' storyline but it did have a couple of twists that kept me guessing. The characterizations were strong and the whole cast performed fairly well. The only problems I had with the cast was Rose McGowan. She was so cold throughout the movie that we didn't get any idea of her character's personality or motivations. Other than her and a few small problems with continuity this was a well-written well acted thriller.
critique621 OK I don't kid myself that this is the typical gay love life but since when are straight romances in real life as they are on the screen? This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself. It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander). And having seen him in Priscilla Queen of the Desert only the day before he is probably one of the most secure-in-their-masculinity actors around. :) Anyway the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot. Thumbs up! 8/10
critique622 One of the classic low budget 70's movies this film was found in a bargain video shop in London for only 50p. (interestingly the package lists the star of the film as 'Charles Bone' who sounds like a porn star but once the credits role it's obvious that the picture is aligned to far the right of the TV screen so that all the cast members have the last letter missing from their names)<br /><br />From the moment the narrator lamely introduces us to the situation that the desperate tenants of a grimy New York City apartment block you know you're in for a rollercoaster ride of fromage. The direction is from the 'Ed Wood one-take' school - if one or two extras were looking at the camera crew then what the hell?<br /><br />The films finishes with a plot twist that puts The Usual Suspects to shame. Buy it now.
critique623 This is one horror movie based TV show that gets it right. Friday the 13th the series had no connection to the movies. Poltergeist the legacy: I'm not so sure. It may have been loosely connected to the movies. It feels like they just throw a famous title on a show so fans will watch it.<br /><br />It shows Freddy being burned by the Elm street parents(in the 1st episode I believe) and the amount of parents were disappointing. With all the kids he targeted in the 1st 3 movies you'd expect there to be more parents. But oh well.<br /><br />Freddy is basically the narrator for the show. He watches the actions of people in the real world sometimes getting involved somehow. Just like other anthology shows like Tales from the crypt there's a supernatural or surprise ending twist involved.<br /><br />The acting lacks but believe it or not: the violence sometimes surpasses that of the movie. This show lasted a couple of seasons and was made around the time of the 4th movie. i heard it was canceled due to protesting parents. I watched a lot of R rated stuff as a kid so its a shame parents had to ruin it for everyone. 4 more movies came after the series  so it wasn't a total loss.
critique624 I just saw this film again I believe for the sixth time. I will doubtless see it many more times. This is one of the most brilliant French films ever made. Although the film is mysterious even more mysterious is what happened to the writer and director Gilles Mimouni. For ten years he has not made another film and this was his only one. The story and execution of this ingenious film are perfect and it is clearly paying homage continually to both Hitchcock and Buster Keaton. The split-second timing of the movements is just as carefully controlled as the scene where the side of a house falls on Keaton in 'Steamboat Bill Junior' and he is only not killed by inches. In this film people stoop and turn and pass one another unawares and if they had been one second off they would have collided. The storyline thus walks a tightrope of chance events to such an intense degree that you cannot take your eyes off the screen for even a millisecond or you will miss something crucial. The haunting albeit intentionally repetitive music by Peter Chase is reminiscent of Hitchcock's 'Vertigo' and the whole film has the same eerie quality but whereas Hitchcock had one woman be two women Mimouni has two women be one woman thereby inverting the plot structure. There are passing references to other Hitchcock films but it is 'Vertigo' which is central to the inspiration of this film. The theme may seem superficially to be obsessive love but the film is really about the magic of everyday chance events the invisible threads behind the tapestry the ineffable. Everything is hyper-charged with passionate love and desire but the desire transcends its object and struggles towards something behind and beyond the object. That is why it is so easily transferable from Lisa to Alice when it is realised that it is Alice who is more mysterious than Lisa and it is Alice who truly embodies the Eternal Mystery. The film is ultimately 'made' by Romane Bohringer. She is so fascinating that she outshines Monica Bellucci which is really something to pull off considering that Bellucci is a knockout beauty whereas Bohringer is what the English call 'plain'. However Romane Bohringer had even at this early date more than mastered the art of 'personality dominance' whereby beautiful girls fall by the wayside and don't get noticed because Romane is being so fascinating you can't take your eyes off her long enough even to look at the beautiful girls and you end up only thinking of her. Most of us remember I'm sure her father Richard Bohringer lying in a bathtub listening to opera in the film 'Diva' many years ago. I would rather watch Romane than Richard lying in a bathtub but there seems to be some genetic secret to being fascinating because Richard Bohringer is spellbinding too and he isn't even a woman. Romane looks as if she may turn into Anna Magnani when she is much older and that means she will get an Oscar if someone can only write another 'Rose Tattoo' for her. The girl has so much passion inside her she could set the Seine on fire. Wouldn't it be wonderful if she and Julie Delpy teamed up? This film made wonderful use of Paris locations. But where is this 'square in the Luxembourg'? It looked like Place Furstenburg to me. Maybe I missed something. I must watch the film another six times just to study the precision of the timing and who brushes past whom and make sure I've got it right. The whole thing is like ten gigantic simultaneous chess games played blindfolded by a grandmaster. How thrilling it all is! Romane you can look through my window anytime! Mimouni come on over let's discuss impossibilities unlikelihoods coincidence synchronicity everything that is going on that is invisible and how it effects the visible. And once again we have here the spirit of Breton's novel 'Nadja' embodied in a great French work of art. More! More! More!
critique625 I remember trying a few minutes of this film I'm very surprised I didn't watch all of it from director Steve Gordon his only film directed before dying of heart failure. Basically Arthur Bach (Golden Globe winning and Oscar nominated Dudley Moore) is the happy drunk millionaire with everything he could want a mansion a butler Hobson (Oscar and Golden Globe winning and BAFTA nominated Sir John Gielgud) and plenty of booze. He is to inherit $750000000 if he marries the daughter of fellow millionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott) they woman he and the family have chosen Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead Arthur finds himself falling for Queens waitress Linda Marolla (Golden Globe nominated Liza Minnelli) which of course is threatening the inheritance and 3/4 of his family's fortune from father Stanford (Thomas Barbour) and Aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). After the death of Hobson Arthur on the day of the wedding disobeys the family's wishes but Aunt Martha still gives Arthur the inheritance to live happily ever after with true love Linda. Also starring Ted Ross as Bitterman Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach Florence Tarlow as Mrs. Nesbitt Marcella Lowery as Harriet - Martha's Maid John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Party Guest. Moore is wonderfully funny and a little cringing as the almost always drunk millionaire Minnelli is likable as the woman he loves and Gielgud of course makes a great Oscar winning impression as Moore's humorous humble sarcastic servant a terrific screwball comedy. It won the Oscar for Best Song for "Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do)" (it also won the Golden Globe) (it was number 79 on 100 Years 100 Songs) and it was nominated Best Writing Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen it was nominated the BAFTA Anthony Asquith Award for Film Music for Burt Bacharach and it won the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture - Comedy/Musical. Sir John Gielgud was number 35 on The 50 Greatest British Actors and the film was number 53 on 100 Years 100 Laughs. Very good!
critique626 I was surprised to like this movie since I'm from the "check your brain at the door and have fun" school of film viewing. However this film touched my heart. I have friends like mentally retarded Emily. I have friends like unsocialized Evie. And I've been in Evie's shoes chasing away opportunity out of fear and out of devotion to others.<br /><br />Amy Madigan's disappointment in her daughters was almost palpable on screen and the awkward moments where she tried to bridge the gap with Evie were raw and painful to watch. And perhaps I am denser than most but I never saw the twist with Evie's father coming. Usually I cotton on to those things rather quickly.<br /><br />My reservations are similar to others posted here. I thought Christopher Lloyd's wonderful sympathetic character (a very different role for him I thought) was underused. What happened to him once he realized what was going on with the poetry? Would he like James try again??? Second the ending such as it was didn't seem to resolve or accomplish anything. I didn't expect the pieces to be picked up and all the ends tied neatly but I felt that I was left at odds with the characters that there was no real healing taking place here or any real efforts at healing being made.<br /><br />Otherwise exquisite and lyrical and disturbing and for some very very true.
critique627 Most war films made in the US during WWII were great fun to watch but suffered from severe gaps in realism because they were being produced more for propaganda value to raise the spirits at home than anything else. I am not knocking these films as many of them are still very watchable. However because they so often lack realism they are prevented from being truly great films. A perfect example was the John Garfield film Air Force--in which a B-17 nearly single-handedly takes out half the Japanese air force! However Pride Of The Marines is a welcome departure--scoring high marks for portraying a true story in a reasonably accurate manner. When I first saw this film I thought it was NOT a true story as it seemed way too improbable to be true. However after researching further I found that it was in fact rather true to the amazing story of two men who did so much to earn the Medal of Honor. This is one case where real life seemed too incredible to be true!
critique628 First off this movie was a wild ride the whole way. The story of the training of the soldiers fighting with their superiors and in the end grouping together.<br /><br />From the very beginning to the very end. This is one War Drama worth seeing if you are in for the constant cussing (at times beyond reason) and the horrors of what boot camp are.<br /><br />The dynamics of how the actors interacted was quite amazing at times and sometimes humorous. How Bozz (Colin Farrel) deals with Paxton (Matthew Davis) throughout the storyline from camp to Tigerland and even in the end helping him.<br /><br />The innovative free-hand filming did add a certain taste or flavor to the film. Constant moving constant action and just constant confusion. At times it was a help. Others not so much.<br /><br />Throughout the film it was increasingly realistic. Some points in the film (the sex scenes in particular) seemed to be just a tad too realistic even though they added an effect to the movie that wouldn't have been there without them. it was a very gritty movie through and through.<br /><br />In my opinion this is one of Colin Farrel's better movies (if not his top performance). The acting for every character was superb. 9/10 -sysnuk3r
critique629 Zeke Rippy (Mic) is great you totally believe his character. And it's scary as hell I spent half the movie covering my eyes the other half on the edge of my seat. It's cool to see something this suspenseful and frightening that isn't all blood and guts - but it did give me bad dreams.<br /><br /> Basically this is a great movie - see it the first chance you get.
critique630 What a pleasure. This is really a parody. Only french people can do that kind of thing without being coarse. And as a result you spend a really good time watching Jean Dujardin playing the dumb. Most of the movie stands on his shoulders and he has them wide enough to make this movie a good one. He has the perfect way of overdoing the James Bond kind of guy that he is no match for Mike Meyers in Austin Powers for example. The dialogs are also good enough to keep up the attention of the spectator with a lot of stupid jokes that's really perfect. Both of the women having the main parts in the movie bear the comparison with the main character and that was a challenge. There is no really plot in this movie but that's not what is expected in this kind of movie. You just wish to laugh one hour 40 minutes and that's precisely what the movie manage to do. It deserves the success it has in France
critique631 Wagon Master is a very unique film amongst John Ford's work. Mainly because it's the only one that is based on a story written by John Ford himself the story that was elaborated by Frank Nugent and director's son Ã‚Â– Patrick Ford and turned into a screenplay and because of director's personal opinion regarding it Wagon Master is the film John Ford called the one which `came closest to being what I had wanted to achieve' to say so is not to say a little but as Ford confessed once to Lindsay Anderson his favourite was nonetheless My Darling Clementine and not any other.<br /><br /> Wagon Master has all ingredients one might expect to find in a John Ford's film. Wonderful cast delivering his best thou not featuring any major stars except the most `fordian' of all actors Ã‚Â– Ben Johnson. Very peculiar small characters who provide an obligatory comic relief and Wagon Master has quite a few of them such as horn blowing Sister Ledyard (Jane Darwell) in her shot but very inspired gigs. And last but not least legendary Monument Valley with John Ford's fifth passage through it after Stagecoach My Darling Clementine Fort Apache and She Wore a Yellow Ribbon.<br /><br /> The film starts with two friends cowboys Travis Blue (Ben Johnson) and Sandy Owens (Harry Carey Jr) being hired to be Wagon Masters or guides for a caravan of Mormon settlers who are headed to Silver Valley a place that's for them like a promised land. On their way they are joined by a very peculiar Dr. Locksley Hall (Alan Mowbray) with two beautiful women who are supposedly his wife and daughter and who call themselves actors. They are headed in the same direction simply because they were recently driven out of the nearest town and have no other place to go. Nothing particularly unpleasant happens till they bump into Cleggs a dangerous family gang consisting of father and his three sons who are on the run from the Marshal of the town where they recently committed murder and bank robbery.<br /><br /> Overall Wagon Master is no more nor less than one more precious pearl in a necklace of John Ford's wonderful Westerns. A must see. 9/10<br /><br />
critique632 I first saw this movie in my plays & playwrights course at Tulane. I was awed at how beautiful and raw this documentary was. It is a sincere look into the unedited reality of a life of solitude. The family is fascinating and I thought it really showed Little Edie at her core. **As a side note My professor even told me that throughout the filming Little Edie became infatuated with one of the camera men.** The beauty I find comes from the naturalness of the family's dysfunction. It is evident in the relationship between mother and daughter that neither could function in society alone and you begin to wish for Little Edie's rehabilitation to society. In all the film is gripping in its aesthetic quality and it's portrayal of surprising beauty. Two thumbs way up!
critique633 Two Hands is a hilarious Australian gangster movie set in really sultry Sydney. I bet tourists never envisage Sydney and Bondi to look like it did in this film: all sweaty bodies oppressive nighttime and gangsters in nylon shorts and jandals. Heath Ledger plays an amateur boxer with an eye on becoming part of the local King's Cross boss's gang. He looked rather magnificent in his green wife beater and blue patterned budgie smuggler. A sweaty tattooed bod does become him. I always had him down as a "Home & Away" boy and he has been in that soap which is a little sweatier than the Weetbix-insipid "Neighbours". The film is really worth watching for its combination of sardonic humour and nasty violence - the drowning scene is expected to give me nightmares soon. Totty awards: Country girl love interest city brother and tattooed streetkid.
critique634 Small SPOILERS alert !!!<br /><br />Good movie...VERY good movie. And I'm surprised to say that myself because I'm not a big fan of vampires and the sound of the director's name Deran Serafian usually means bad news. Most of his films are below average action movies like Death Warrant and Gunmen. This was one of his first films and maybe he should have continued making horror movies instead of action. This movie really fascinated me. Good accomplishment seeing no famous actors or big budget was involved. It really is the story that keeps you focused. Especially fans of the original Dracula myth will be satisfied. Sarafian lights up another aspect of the famous Bram Stoker story and remains rather loyal and true to the truth. It explains the life of the Roemenian Count Dracula and how he scared the Turkish army away by spearing dead corpses in front of his castle. Of course that's where the reality and the "based on a true story" stops. The blood drinking and stuff all was invented by Bram Stoker.<br /><br />In this movie the count ( Vlad Teppish) emigrates to the USA and seduces tons of woman. And they're all pretty girls I'll give him that. Overall good acting by unknown faces enough blood and gore to satisfy the more morbid horror fans and an interesting storyline. This film is really unknown and it was hidden on the darkest shelf at my local videostore. But it certainly is worth cleaning up the dust on the cover and put it in the VCR. Heck it's a lot better than the famous Nicole Kidman movie with the same title. These two films have nothing else in common but I blame that movie for stealing the attention away from this nice little picture. Check it out...my humble opinion on To Die For = 8.5/10
critique635 This film is just really Great. I don't know why. I alway have a weakness for Damian Chapa. It's not Scarface but still I really enjoyed my self. This is a film I can see more than ten times. He really try's to make a good movie but he just can't do it. I feel pity for him so maybe it's a bit of a sympathy vote. I can't help it but I just can't give it less than 9 stars. Everyone should have seen this once in his life. To see how to make a cheap film work. I live in Holland and bought this film for only one euro! That's 150 dollar. I would have also bought it for ten euro. Great Great Great. On a little dutch film site this film gets a 101 votes. Here only a 260. That's not so much more. So people all over the world. Buy this movie!
critique636 If you want to watch something that is for 'him' and 'her' so to say then this is the film to pick. I am a sucker for rom coms but my husband is not always so keen (what a guy!!!). Anyway I managed to get him to watch it because I told him it was about sport and you know what he loved it!!!<br /><br />Drew Barrymore is very funny and her leading man (sorry but can't remember his name) is equally as good. When I watched the film it was called 'The Perfect Match' but I think the title was changed for the UK as it is based on the book Fever Pitch and there was already a film made about football with that title (the same film but the UK version - phew!)<br /><br />Anyway all of the reviews on here will tell you more details if you need them buy girls take it from me get your hubby/boyfriend in front of the television on a Saturday night and you will both laugh and cry together. A real gem.
critique637 Steven Rea plays a forensic scientist thrust on the job in Sovie Russia in 1982..in the very first hours of his job a body of a murdered girl is brought in..he has his workers go back to look for evidence and they bring back five more bodies..this starts the story of the hunt for one of the worst serial killers in modern day history..It is a stark depressing dark movie that explores how the bureaucracy of the old Soviet Union indirectly contributed or caused the deaths of many of the killers victims.It also explores in Donald Sutherland's character how the proper usage of bureaucracy in a communist govt can help achieve the ultimate goal of finding a monster A gripping movie not for all but for those who like a good detective story that will hold your interest this is definitely a must see on a scale of one to ten.. 9
critique638 i loved the great lighting and was warmed by this story of American working class society and seaport life in the first half of the 20th century. i was drawn in by the timeless watchability of this realistic performance. see and feel the star power. melancholic "greek" comedy. Anybody in the mood for a shot with a beer back?...or a little ginger? Hey waterboy !!
critique639 Back in the 70's a small-time Texas filmmaker named S.F. Brownrigg directed a handful of surprisingly decent low-budget drive-in horror flicks which seem to have developed a small cult following over the years. Before viewing his first film Don't Look In The Basement I wasn't too sure what to expect but I sure as hell didn't expect it to turn out to be the only Texas horror I thought was better than the Chainsaw Massacre. I don't know this might actually be my all-time favorite horror movie.<br /><br />We begin in an isolated insane asylum. At first it seems like a rather laid-back place to get mentally healthy considering all the patients are allowed to roam around freely and whatnot as if it were their house (I guess it is). none of them seem all that dangerous only delusional. The residents include a love-nympho a 700 year old woman a man-child a spaz a guy who thinks he's in a war a woman who thinks she has a baby and a guy who thinks he's a judge. One day out of nowhere Judge kills the doctor with an axe shortly thereafter the wanna-be baby mama kills the nurse. Ten minutes into the movie and things are looking really ugly. Perhaps the new nurse will know what to do then again perhaps not. Giving away more would do more harm than good. It's best to plunge head first into this one knowing as little as possible. If you can appreciate honest-to-God untampered with horror then you will not be disappointed. <br /><br />If you liked Scream if you liked Wrong Turn if you go for that unoriginal over-produced over-scored digital Hollywood garbage then chances are high you just wont see the beauty in this one. Don't Look In The Basement being a first attempt makes the quality all the more shocking. The atmosphere and the graininess fit into the location and the score like a glove. Unfortunately good ol' S.F. used up most of his good ideas on his first movie although the next entry in his Texas-sized quadrilogy is somewhat of a masterpiece that is if you're into extra sleazy mean-spirited Hixploitation like someone I know. If you fall in love with Brownrigg's first two and absolutely must find out what else he had to offer check out Don't Open The Door and The House Where Hell Froze Over. Don't Look in The Basement has everything that successful horror needs no stars no budget no digital effects just an original story brought to life in an insane asylum with a dozen cast members and a somber subtle score and of course the twist. This is real horror for the real horror fan. 10/10
critique640 This flick was the introduction for a lot of us to the works of K Gordon Murray. That's because it was easy to find. It was on every public domain label in the VHS era and before that a late night t.v. cult classic double knee thigh slapper. Besides HOW do you resist the title?<br /><br />For late comers a brief explanation of it's merit: Florida wheeler dealer K. Gordon Murray imported Mexican horror films dubbed them into English then made a mint with them at the drive in. The Mexican ORIGINALS were weird enough to begin with; American boundaries and accepted horror film conventions were cheerfully disregarded. Great great set design and lighting were placed beside weird or laughable special effects. NOTHING in Hollywood was as close as these were to out and out strange. Now mix in Catholic influenced social conventions Mexican folk lore and we are not in Kansas anymore. <br /><br />Add to THAT the English scripts they were dubbed into. Most were written by Reuban Guberman who wanted words to match movements of the actors lips ON SCREEN not the literal translation. As a result the American soundtracks tended to run from overwrought to down right loopy. There's even a fan web site for Murray that prints the best most over the top lines for each movie. First time viewers to the films complain about the pacing the purple prose the production values and are told it's SUPPOSED to be that way..while the people laugh with enjoyment over things normally considered fatal film flaws. It all must be very confusing if you don't have a taste for it.<br /><br />This one was made back to back in 1957 with the two previous films in the series; THE AZTEC MUMMY and CURSE OF THE AZTEC MUMMY. All three are now available on the 3 disc AZTEC MUMMY COLLECTION (BCI) and it's about time. It has the K Gordon Murray version on one side the original Mexican production on the other side. The contrast between the two is fascinating. A lot of the times the original Spanish is not much saner.<br /><br />ROBOT/MUMMY starts off with a nice long flashback bringing you up to speed on the previous episodes sort of..continuity was tossed out the window in number two and it's downhill from there logic wise. You don't even get The Angel back or any mention of him in this final episode. Names places even family trees switch between films. After a while you start LOOKING for the continuity changes. <br /><br />By now the series villain Doc Krupp is totally pig biting mad nearly drooling with dementia and STILL wants to steal the Aztec breastplate. Rosita Arenas is sent back to the past with another nice edit of the AZTEC MUMMY floor show and wanders out into the dark in her nightie to help find that doggone breastplate again. The mummy isn't any happier with this then he was last time.<br /><br />The robot actually has a production credit. It was made by 'Viana & Co S.A.'. I mention this because it looks like the grips came up with it between takes on a slow afternoon when the real costume went walkabout. Nope.<br /><br />This was PLANNED. <br /><br />Wait until you see the controller it runs from. X box where WERE you when Krupp NEEDED you??? The Robot LOOKS crushed to death at the end but actually came back in two more Mexican made movies..it had a FAN BASE.. <br /><br />All in all a funny quirky finish to a three movie series. Sit back and enjoy.
critique641 I was stunned by this film. I have been renting Antonioni's films/rediscovering them and this film showed me the climax and fruits of his 50 years of directing. What an eye for setting color and detail! I have never seen such visual beauty and poetry filmed before. I had to stop after the first story and hold back the tears. Yes beauty moves me like it moved Keats to write Ode on a Grecian Urn. This movie is made for the mature emotionally and intellectually audience. Those hoping to see physical action and soap opera will be disappointed. I will have to see this film several times before I can truly appreciate it and judge it. This film should be required viewing for all cinematographers and directors.<br /><br />Possibly a truly great film on the order of Kurosawa's Dreams.
critique642 I want to warn you that there is a very bittersweet quality to this comment. Also this comment will be much more meaningful to you after you have seen the movie.<br /><br />Although it is tragically sad to say that movie bears a resemblance to my life that is so striking that it is truly scary. The rest of you will never know how accurately that movie depicts how persons who have been in situations like that act and react in their later lives.<br /><br />This could not have been a work of fiction; it had to be based on personal experience.<br /><br />My testament to the how good the movie was is shown by the fact that although it was one of the best movies I've ever seen watching my life portrayed on the silver screen was such a searingly painful experience that I will never be able to see it again.<br /><br />But I endorse it heartily to all others as a chance to peer into the soul of another human being to the extent that you probably never experienced before or will ever again. I know that for a fact because that's my soul you will be observing.
critique643 A great film. The acting - from the doctor to the pavement artist to the head prostitute with very few exceptions was wonderful; i thought soni razdan(mrs.noble) and vrajesh hirjee(saurabh) were the best of the lesser known actors. Even Kurush Deboo (Tehmul) who might be accused of overacting presented quite a believable and familiar character.<br /><br />Another great thing was the camera work - and the way it captured the energy of bombay streets the tranquility of gustad saying his prayers and life within the tiny apartments.<br /><br />I liked the story of the wall that becomes a shrine and then gets broken down - and the artists philosophical take on it.<br /><br />It's great to see good movies on indian themes.
critique644 If you didn't enjoy this movie either your dead or you hate Adam Sandler or Don Cheadle.<br /><br />An Excellent cast all of who gave good performances. This movie proved that Adam Sandler is good actor despite what critics say. Adam Sandler is becoming a very well respected actor. It all started with his performance in Big Daddy then he did a couple bad movies then he broke through with terrific performance in 50 First Dates The Longest Yard then Click and now Reign Over Me.<br /><br />Back to the movie. Adam Sandler plays a man who has lost everything. The closest thing to family he has are a mother-in-law and father-in-law. After his old college roommate (Cheadle) ran into him he seems to turn his life around. I will say no more because I do not want to ruin the movie but I strongly recommend this movie. One of the best movies of 2007.
critique645 This film is totally mindblowing. It manages to be thought provoking funny tragic and cinematic yet claustrophobic.<br /><br />Although the flashbacks are unnecessary the film maintains a pacy punchy grip and the performances are all excellent in particular Alec Baldwin and the mesmerising Eric Bogosian as the film's anti-hero Barry Champlain.
critique646 Eric Bogosian's ability to roll from character to character in this 'one man show' exhibits his true range as a character actor. Each persona has their own message to convey about truth society class drugs etc. This is an absolute Must Have for anyone who is a serious fan of acting! His performance contains some of the most Hilarious and Real moments I have ever experienced as a viewing audience.
critique647 The BBC surpassed themselves with the boundaries they crossed with Tipping the Velvet. In the past they've been 'daring' with Dennis Potter's works but this mini-series (as it was screened in the UK) is superb. Andrew Davies work is top notch - I've not read the Sarah Water's novel but I can imagine he's done it real justice. I comment on the bawdiness - most men have watched it for that - proved to be a main talking and selling point when originally advertised. The fact is it portays the lesbian side of society in the 1800s - a time when most thought it was old men and rent boys - well it was - lesbianism took place mainly behind closed and often respectable doors.<br /><br />You can also look at Tipping The Velvet as a 'love story' - it actually is - as well as 'self discovery' that many gay/bi and straight people go through and comments on this occur and repeat all the time.<br /><br />If you've not seen it yet - either repeated on TV or on DVD - get it - you'll be in for a treat - and even the production and filming of it is perfect. Just try to hide your blushes in parts - like I said - 'bawdy' is the order of the day - and beware a 'phallus' or two!<br /><br />Enjoy!
critique648 STAR RATING: ***** The Works **** Just Misses the Mark *** That Little Bit In Between ** Lagging Behind * The Pits <br /><br />Mike Atherton (Dudikoff) is peacefully making his way in the Wild West when he spots a group of men mistreating a lady. Being a gentleman he naturally steps in and puts a stop to this and in doing so kills the son of a nasty enforcer. This is just the beginning of a all guns blazing battle to the finish from which there will be only one winner.<br /><br />M Dudikoff is an action star who's never truly managed to take off with me. Maybe I discovered him too late and after the other film I saw with him in it last Monday The Human Shield it was just another Dud (ha ha) added to the list. But I have a thing for westerns being films that just sort of transport me to a different time and place and provide real escapist entertainment and with this Dudikoff has picked one of his better scripts as his films go anyway.<br /><br />The film hits a few low points in the shape of a naff central villain sounding like a blank Marlon Brando and some generally ropey acting from some of the cast along with the obligatory cheap looking sets. But if for some strange reason your life ever depended on watching a Dudikoff film this would be one of your best choices. ***
critique649 General Trelayne is a super-being who wants to play a little game with the crew of the Enterprise. A lot of extremely unlikely and nonsensical stuff seems to be happening and Trelayne seems obsessed with the human practices of warfare and murder. He seems to need to experience what he imagines to be a thrill and has created a human environment (though a few hundred years out of date) in which to play out his fantasies. The environment is subtly inauthentic and the crew immediately begins to spot the inconsistencies. Pretty soon it becomes clear that Trelayne is not just an immature god but a very fallible one. Regardless of how you feel about this one stick around for the Twilight Zone-like ending. It is well worth it.<br /><br />As many have pointed out Trelayne's character inspired the more developed and amusing on-going character Q - and you can see in John DeLancie's construction of that personality more than just shades of Campbell's Trelayne. It is fun to compare how the four captains we have seen coping with Q all deal with him so radically differently.
critique650 It's a colorful slasher movie. That's about it.<br /><br />It has the mystery element that SCREAM made so popular in slasher movies but I never care for such things. Figuring out who's the bad guy is not that interesting considering the clues are all misleading anyway.<br /><br />The death scenes were inventive and gorey bringing back memories of 80's horror movies like Friday the 13th. <br /><br />Another nice thing about this movie is that it's hard to pinpoint the surviving girl unlike in SCREAM and IKWYDLS where it was obvious. <br /><br />People who don't like slasher movies won't like this movie. As simple as that. I truly enjoyed it and I plan to watch it again while waiting for more of the same. <br /><br />--MB
critique651 If you're a science fiction fan and you've only seen this movie once please PLEASE go and treat yourself to a second viewing. I just did and I was AMAZED about how good I thought the movie was as opposed to when I first saw it three years ago. The first time around I was certainly impressed by the astronomical vistas we're treated to in this movie but by and large I didn't think that much of the movie as a whole. It was an Alien rip-off and I thought the description of the monsters was a case of really bad science. That they were allergic to light was something I found especially ridiculous. Based on my first viewing I recently rated this movie a 5.<br /><br />However now that the sequel Chronicles of Riddick is on the way and the movie poster for that one looks amazing I thought I'd better brush up on Pitch Black once more so I borrowed the video from a friend. I am so glad I did. There's so much of what I thought I remembered from the first viewing that turned out to be wildly inaccurate. I thought most of the characters died very early in the movie. This was not so. I thought Claudia Black's character was the first to die. This was not so. I thought Riddick was the sole survivor. This was not so. <br /><br />I see now that the movie works *extremely* well. There isn't an excessive tiresome focus on the monsters. It's much more of a human drama. The main characters are appealing and capable of some convincing acting. And there are so many little details that make the Pitch Black universe coherent and believable such as the shortage of oxygen in the atmosphere of the planet they crash on and the fact that the monsters have eaten everything on the planet and so they turn on each other.<br /><br />And I have to mention the astronomical vistas again. I mean we start out seeing the spaceship passing through a comet's tail with bits of spacedust zapping through the hull. Then we come to a planet with three suns. Just as the shipwrecked people think it's about to get dark a blue sun rises on the opposite horizon and everything is engulfed in a blue glow. As the eclipse approaches we see the huge neighboring ringed gas giant rise across the sky and in the final scene of the movie we see the ship skid closely above one of these very rings. These scenes are created with a sense of beauty wonder and detail and I don't think I've seen any other SF movie that really made such a point out of including these things. I hope we see much more of it in the sequel.<br /><br />Pitch Black now gets from me a rating of 9 out of 10. A cult classic? You bet!!
critique652 I've recently watched this movie in a lazy Sunday afternoon with some friend of mine and we have a lot of fun! This movie is a masterpiece of trash. Try to watch it with this purpose! It hadn't been expected of course but the performance provided by the actors (and Alberto Tomba is absolutely the best) the weak script and the low-cost budget had created an amazing mix of foolish things. Tomba was just retired from alpine ski racing where he was a dominant technical skier in the late 1980s and 1990s. Tomba won three Olympic gold medals two World Championships and nine World Cup season titles. Seriously about the director: nobody knows why Damiano Damiani he has signed this movie. All the other Damiani's directions are considerable.
critique653 This movie brings to mind "Boys 'n the Hood" "Menace to Society" "South Central" and others of its ilk and even shares actors with some of them. The film's "us vs. the law" mentality is underscored by the all-black neighborhood vs. the nearly all-white police force. Here the cops are so bad they seem like caricatures and in one scene they even ambush the boys as they drive by in a car they've just "liberated" from its owner. It's like a bushwhacking from an old Western but the contemporary setting makes it look all too real.<br /><br />The story centers on young Jason Petty and his buddies to whom school is just an inconvenience that takes time away from their "real occupation" of boosting cars. This happens to be Newark N.J. a rust-belt city low on jobs but notoriously high on crime. In fact the problem is so severe that the cops all have "Car Theft" written on their backs to show that an entire unit must be devoted to this particular crime.<br /><br />The boys use a "slim Jim" to gleefully break into cars and go joy-riding as if it's no big deal. They only run into real trouble when the police ambush them. The vicious Nazi-like Lt. has a vendetta against the boys seeing them not as human beings who might be worthy of redemption but as human targets. In fact he's a little reminiscent of that sadistic Nazi officer of the Warsaw ghetto who shot down Jews for pleasure in the film "Schindler's List." When the boys steal a police car in retribution for the ambush things predictably go downhill fast. They are severely beaten by the cops and Jason finally ends up in prison. Clearly these are "bad boys" who'd steal your car in a minute but the film wants us to see them as anti-heroes showing Jason protecting his sister and his friend taking care of his own grandmother. The film left us wondering whose side to take and who to feel sadder for: the boys whose lives are going down the drain the honest citizens whose cars are being stolen left and right and who could be caught in the crossfire of a shootout at any moment or the city of Newark itself the spirit of whose law is being betrayed by brutal soul-dead cops.<br /><br />In spite of the over-the-top portrayal of the latter the film offers a realistic-looking rendering of the ghetto of the protagonists and their families and of the culture of car theft in a city where there appears to be only 2 career paths - law enforcement and crime. Strangely the entire subject of drugs is never mentioned.<br /><br />The filmmakers (including producer Spike Lee) are obviously biased against the Newark police who we hope are not as bad they are portrayed here. Nevertheless they've given us yet another a strong affecting story about the inner city and black youth gone awry and Sharron Corley is fine as Jason.
critique654 ...scratch it. Just as African's created rhythms with the jawbone of an ass and Virgin Islanders welded oil drums into ear pleasing steel bands so did urban DJ's itch to scratch in the pursuit of new methods of creative expression. "Scratch" is a wholly unnarrated documentary which will take you to the heart of the hip-hop/rap movement and explore the genesis of turntablism the art of scratching vinyl and the ultimate DJ/MC contempo entertainment expression. The film reveals some surprisingly intelligent and articulate "Scratchers" with startlingly unique abilities in concert and competition where the beat meets the street. Good stuff for anyone interested in grass roots or ghetto gutter movements in sound art. (B)
critique655 When I started watching the show I said "Oh no! It's as corny as Elfen Lied and not even that bloody!". And indeed the setup is almost identical with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him.<br /><br />But this is where the resemblance stops. The love story is almost as subtle and intense as the one in Inuiyasha while the childish remarks and behaviors are very few. The magical setup is a bit corny because it's about seven people with seven servants fighting for the Holy Grail all servants being someone famous half of all masters being from the same school rules of engagement etc. However this soon dims and fades from the beauty of the drawing and of the script.<br /><br />I actually watched all 24 episodes in one day and without comparing it with animes that I liked more but were from other genres I have to say that I was very pleased.
critique656 The film opens with the director talking to the camera and saying he is going to show a story about Brazilain street kids whose families live in poverty and must steal and kill to survive. In fact the main character (Pixote) was played by an actual street kid only 11 years old. What follows was one of the most brutal depressing and horrifying film I've even seen. I saw it about 17 years ago (on a double bill with "Black Orpheus") and have never forgotten it. I don't think I ever want to see it again--it was just too much. <br /><br />SPOILER AHEAD!!!! The scene which will not leave me is when Pixote meets a prostitute who has to abort her own fetus. You don't see her do it...but you get a quick glance at what she got out. It's almost 20 years later and just recalling that scene upsets me. SPOILER END!!!!!<br /><br />The movie gets more brutal as it goes along and ends the only way it can. What's all the more harrowing is stories like this really did happen in Brazil in 1981...and are STILL happening today.<br /><br />A harrowing brutal film...but it should be seen if you can handle it. I'm surprised this got an R rating--I've seen X rated film that are less graphic. A 10.
critique657 this was a favorite Christmas Special that I wish that they would release on vhs or dvd  since my 33 RPM got lostand any cassettes I made are also long gone.<br /><br />I am not even a big John Denver fan but was very impressed with the music  which was mostly traditional favorites with a muppet spin ( esp Little St. Nick ! ) It also contained a few little known songs ( original ? ).<br /><br />Even though it was done at the end of the '70's this show had a timeless feel to it. Hoping to find a copy soon !!!
critique658 One Night at McCool's is one of those films that starts with an awful amount of promise but as the film goes on it becomes silly and loses it's way big time. Liv Tyler plays a manipulative woman who tries to get her own way by flaunting her body to every man she meets all of which fall under her spell.There are a few funny moments in this but they get fewer and fewer as the film deteriorates into a comedy farce. Michael Douglas who plays the assassin is good as is Liv Tyler although she does look like she had put on a bit of weight since armaggedon. This is ok but is only memorable for the scene in which Liv Tyler washes her car you will know what i mean when you see it fella's! Shwing!!!!! 7 out of 10 (just).
critique659 I really thoroughly enjoyed this movie. For one it didn't have the corny special effects that the big budget movies have. The acting was decent in this one only you can tell right off the bat that it's dubbed but once you get over that fact and that you can't switch languages on the DVD version it's cool. The plot line was very unique you take a situation like a heat wave very common around the world especially in Frankfurt which I've been to many times and you take a garbage strike which happens often enough in this country and you have a recipe for disaster. i loved how the hordes of rats just went everywhere and how the idea that if you picked up the garbage that's the last thing you wanna do you pick it up the rats don't get what the want they are in essence following the garbage pick up so you ask well if garbage men are on strike  who picks up the garbage private contractors anyway military wants to quarantine off the city oops wrong thing to do then you would have all the rats take over the city then throw in a mayor who wants to keep a lid on the budget and line her pockets you have a realistic movie and the female lead is also a pleasure to watch on the screen a very decent movie i thought wish more were made like this another small nitpick is the depiction of Frankfurt could have been done a little better but for the average viewer who's never been to Frankfurt... i was born in Germany and been to Frankfurt many times.. it won't matter but all in all a great big thumbs up.
critique660 The only reason The Duke Is Tops one of several "race movies" made during the times of segregation would be worth noting today is because it made the film debut of a 21-year-old singer named Lena Horne. She plays Ethel Andrews a singer who has to leave her producer mentor Duke Davis (Ralph Cooper) in order to branch into the big time. Davis however has to fake having taken the money for her services in front of her so she won't feel sorry for having done so. He then teams up with Doc Dorando (Lawrence Criner) for a series of medicine shows throughout the south. Meanwhile in New York her new producers have bombed big time because they made her the whole show instead of simply the specialty act. Davis finds out from the radio and offers his services as producer and band leader to bring his lineup of other specialty acts many of whom make their one of their few or only film appearances here for his chance at the big time with Ethel next to him. Guess what happens? While the plot is the kind you've seen in thousands of other movie musicals during this time the fact this was made for a certain audience makes this one of the more fascinating features I've seen during this Black History Month. Ms. Horne's singing is on good display here and it's interesting seeing her so young before her professionalism takes full hold later in her career. Among other supporting players there's an unconfirmed according to IMDb appearance by Lillian Randolph Annie in my favorite movie It's a Wonderful Life and sister of Amanda Randolph who I just saw in the musical short The Black Network as the woman with Sciatica who complains of not being cured after taking the Doc's medicine before Duke explains it's for the feet! And as a longtime Louisiana resident I'd like to take note of two players from here in this movie: Joel Fluellen from Monroe as a tonic customer and Marie Bryant from New Orleans as the sexy dancer who appears near the musical climax. So for just Lena Horne alone The Duke is Tops is worth seeing at least once.
critique661 Hurrah! A space film that doesn't take itself too seriously and everyone can come along for the exciting ride that is space camp. The film starts slowly the usual mix of idiots and high-fliers mixed together into a dodgy soup. But when the going gets tough - the tough get themselves sorted out and it's not an un-believable change in the characters as you can believe that there's some responsibility in their young minds.<br /><br />The only flaw in the film is that Kate Capshaw is EXTREMELY annoying as the "I'm right and you're all wrong" instructor. I would recommend this as a nice night in movie and a 7 Vote.
critique662 In The Book of Life Martin Donovan plays Jesus who shows up at JFK airport on December 31 to usher in the new millennium by battling with Thomas Jay Ryan (Satan) and deciding the fate of the world. There is also David Simonds (Kurt the accountant from Amateur) as a compulsive homeless gambler.<br /><br />As usual Hartley creates a surreal world in which the beauty of the ordinary made strange and otherworldly flows through artfully-framed scenes and urban/industrial landscapes filled with dazzling light and shadow. As usual he introduces seemingly incidental details early then brings them back later in hilarious and unexpected contexts--the humor is simple but giddy and irrepressible. Hartley has an amazing ability to build toward small and rapturous moments of the simultaneously mundane and outrageous. As usual he creates a tone that is jaded and world-weary but at the same time vulnerable open and honest. He moves within minutes from uproarious humor into language that is metaphysical and poetic-the kind of writing that is so dead-on and perfect that it's difficult to hold back tears despite the lack of obvious emotion. Another awesome and highly entertaining film.<br /><br />The Book of Life is shot (a digital camera?) with a blurry effect: a sense of the celestial hand-in-hand with impending doom and a hyper-awareness of the present as fragile and fleeting in it's last moments. All of Hartley's films have a way of prioritizing the present but this unique effect compounds it as the images wash across the screen in a way that is at first jarring but becomes increasingly beautiful as you settle into it. The final shot is spectacular. All this may sound precious but the film is a comedy and it makes fun of itself even as it makes fun of the concept of Armageddon Judgment Day and "urbanity." Although it is actually quite profound moving and life-affirming it is for the most part lighthearted and playful. The acting is flawless in terms of the kind of the subdued tone that Hartley has developed in his films (a tone that some people don't get and that prompts them to judge such acting as hollow--the same people who have a negative response to Peter Greenaway). As always there are bound to be people who respond to this film with cynicism and scorn--people put off by Hartley's abrupt shifts and what they see to be pretentious or mannerist techniques--but anyone who is a Hartley fan will love this film (if they can get a chance to see it that is). It's hard to say what it would be like on video.
critique663 I saw this movie at the Locarno Film Festival in Italian-speaking part of Switzerland.<br /><br />Aishwarya Rai is good-looking.<br /><br />I rate this movie 7/10 because of its nice moments.<br /><br />* spoilers ahead *<br /><br />It has some really nice cinematic moments in it specially at the end.<br /><br />Though my general feeling is this is too long (over 2 hours and 40 minutes) and containing too much dialogs. And nearly no dancing at all.<br /><br />Clearly a Bollywood movie like Lagaan or Devdas is quite a different kind of movie compared with Chokher Bali.
critique664 This movie is bufoonery! and I loved it! The "dragon lord" (Jacky Chan) and his buddy "cowboy" totally made the movie fun meaningful and just plain silly. The movie is a rare blend of a good vs. evil fight and (somehow) the wonders and fun that is growing up. Long Shao Ye takes the viewer through the daily activities of the young "dragon lord" (so named because he is the son of a wealthy family) and "cowboy" which include implementing clever elaborate ways to escape studying (with the help of the entire household including the tutor) competing in rather boyish (and idiotically interesting) ways to gain the affection of a local girl competing in "soccer" (you will see what i mean) and the list goes on. Somehow they find themselves in the midst of a fight to save the a shipment of valuable antiques and the lives of several people.<br /><br />The movie has its serious moments. But they do not depress but rather inspire. The playfulness of the boys are not lost in this exchange but is actually employed against evil. What I really loved about this movie is how it ends. Not the typical confrontation (which in itself was awesome) but well you'll see. Let me just say it truly captures the spirit of the movie.<br /><br />silly witty meaningful and nostalgic. great movie.
critique665 Anyone who has seen this movie and reviewed it poorly I would refer them to Roger Ebert's review of this movie. He is one of the most respected Critics in the industry and he gave it 3 1/2 Stars.<br /><br />This is a great movie. It may not be perfect or spectacular but I enjoyed it. A Chorus Line is not so much a story as it is a group of stories about the lives of Broadway hopefuls. I read reviews where people said that too much time was wasted on the romance between Zach and Cassie. That is an incorrect view. It is another story along with all the other stories that are told about each of the Broadway hopefuls. What people fail to realize is that those who are dancers for Broadway shows go through the same things that the common man goes through. And that I think is really the point of the whole show. It is to showcase not only the talent of these special dancers but to give us some poignant things to think about in regard to life in general. This is a study of life as a Broadway star. Anyone who has dreamed of becoming a Broadway star watches this movie with a great feeling of relationship because they have gone through exactly what the characters are going through. <br /><br />This is a great musical. It has its slow points and at times gets a little confused with the pacing of certain story lines but all in all I thoroughly enjoyed it. Take a closer look at the movie and then maybe you will understand what I am talking about.
critique666 The title says it all.<br /><br />I'm not a film critic nor will I act like the rest of the snobbish people commenting on this movie.<br /><br />Obviously this movie didn't have a multi-million dollar budget but the plot was very well done the acting was awesome and the cinematography was great! It looked like you all had a lot of fun making this movie! I voted 9 out of 10 as the sound was strong on only one channel instead of both but I imagine this might have been an error in the recording of the DVD.<br /><br />I'll definitely be checking out other movies produced by Brain Damage Films! <br /><br />Dylan O'Leary cast and crew I thank you!
critique667 A very sweet movie about a young Chinese man enamored of western technology and an Englishman trying to make his fortune showing movies in China. It's a very interesting story that is presumably based on true events although I'm assuming it's more fantasy than real. It's got a fairy tale quality you rarely get in real life and it's also got 8 people credited for the script so they must have been making up stuff right and left.<br /><br />This is a very likable movie that conveys how magical film was to people who had never seen it before. It is not an especially deep movie touching briefly on the loss of tradition and the encroachment of western culture but mainly just being a pleasant little movie. It's actually a movie I enjoyed very much that is already beginning to disappear from my mind 15 minutes after seeing it. Light as a soufflÃƒÂ© but I enjoyed every minute.
critique668 I have to admit this movie moved me to the extent that I burst in tears. However I always think about things twice and instead of writing a eulogy that would define the film as flawless and impeccable I prefer taking the risk of a closer look.<br /><br />First what's first: The movie has an undeniable impact on the viewer simply because it starts out and continues as a slow-paced movie that doesn't try to blow you away with the actual scenes from 9/11. Thumbs up for this stroke of genius because unlike Stone's WORLD TRADE CENTER this film fortunately doesn't focus on the attack itself but on the fallout which similar to the fallout of a nuclear explosion is hardly visible but nonetheless dangerous and devastating. The psychological impact the sheer devastation that 9/11 caused and the havoc it wreaked on the American people is almost palpable in this movie. I think Binder managed an astute observation of the American post 9/11 society and Sandler in my opinion sky rocketed from an average comedy actor to a real talent who delivers a performance worthy of an Oscar.<br /><br />However: In the film BLOOD DIAMOND the Di Caprio character says and I quote: "Ah these Americans. Always want to take about their feelings". Now I don't want to belittle their sufferÃƒÂ­ngs but I sure would like to make a comparison. Ever since 9/11 the entire world is confronted with mementos memorials and commemorations of 9/11. The Hollywood industry and writers such as Safran Foer more than allude to 9/11 in their works. Now this huge amount of cultural products dealing with 9/11 turn the death of 3000 people into the biggest tragedy of this young century. The number of books written on the subject and the number of films directed on this subject and I say this with all due respect blow the importance of this atrocious crime somewhat out of proportion.<br /><br />Fact is: People die every day due to unjust actions and horrible crimes committed by bad or simply lost people. We have a war in Iraq in Afghanistan in Birma and lots of other countries. On a daily basis we forget about the poverty the African people suffer from and we tend do empathize with them to a lesser degree than with the American victims of 9/11 simply because they are black and because their lives don't have much in common with our Western lives. Africa neither has the money nor the potential to commemorate their national tragedies in a way America can. So what I am saying is this: The reason why we feel more for the 3000 victims of 9/11 and their families is because we are constantly reminded of 9/11. Not a day goes by without a newspaper article a film or a book that discusses 9/11.<br /><br />In conclusion: I commiserated with Charlie Fineman but I wasn't sure whether I had the right to feel for him more than for a Hutu who lost his entire family in the Rwandan civil war.<br /><br />You catch my thrift?
critique669 This is easily one of the best movies of the 1950s. Otto Preminger directed only four or five really good movies and this is one of them. Frank Sinatra gives his best performance and the music score by Elmer Bernstein is dynamite. From the opening titles (by Saul Bass) to the hysteria of drug addict Frank going cold turkey this is a riveting movie! With Kim Novak (giving a very good performance) Eleanor Parker (giving a very bad performance) as well as Darren McGavin as the reptilian pusher and Arnold Stang as Frank's grifter pal. Beware of bad prints: this movie is in the public domain so some copies are pretty rough.
critique670 A throwback to the "old fashioned" Westerns of the 30s and 40s (such as DODGE CITY) DALLAS has a number of things going for it: Gary Cooper at his coolest blazing Technicolor photography by Ernest Haller (GONE WITH THE WIND) and a pulse-pounding Max Steiner (KING KONG GWTW DODGE CITY et al.) score. In addition there is a masquerade mistaken identity a faked death and more hair-breath escapes than a Republic serial. As always Cooper defines what it is to be a man under pressure. Forget the 50s angst Western... this is pure entertainment!
critique671 Just to correct something in a previous review here I don't believe this film is only for people who know London it's a case of a very specific situation being used to make universal comments. Jack Rosenthal says in an introduction to the published script that it was meant to be about characters who by going though this gruelling Knowledge test gain some measure of self-knowledge.<br /><br />I think it's one of the most perfectly-written dramas I've seen: technically it's supremely adept at conveying quite complex details but it's also joyous in how it involves you. At the start you know no more about this London Knowledge test than the main characters but you get scooped up right along with them until it's vitally important to you. You become tremendously proud of those characters who succeed and you are crushed for those who don't. Especially one whose downfall without giving anything anyway will make your hands fly to your face.<br /><br />Also just as a point of fact Nigel Hawthorne's character Mr Burgess is called the Vampire not Dracula. You don't need to know this I'm not saying it's crucial but it's a measure of the drama: once you've seen this you will want everyone to and you will evangelise about its every detail.<br /><br />I hope you get to see it.<br /><br />William
critique672 Being 15 myself I enjoyed this flick thouroughly!! I related to the character Ann August more than most would. My Mother isnt AS eccentric as Adele but the feelings of lonliness is the same. This movie is perfect in the ating aspects and Natalie's and Susan's performances are so linked together that it's the best onscreen dual i have seen in years. Their chemistry brings the characters to life they become real people! I would recommend this flick to anyone who is hoping to get away. Because there is genually alot of people out there who would wish to be "Anywhere But Here" including me! and if you can see this movie with your best friend or your mother. Its the tears that blend everyone around you together more!!
critique673 I nominate this and BABYLON 5 as the best television sci-fi series made. Both stand out in my mind because unlike early STAR TREK series there is a consistent evolution of plots and characters. If you look at the original STAR TREK and STAR TREK:TNG they were fine shows but there was no overall theme or plot that connected all the episodes. In many ways you could usually watch the shows totally out of sequence with no difficulty understanding what is occurring. This was less the case with DEEP SPACE 9 (with its giant battles that took up all of the final season) and the other TREK shows as there was more of a larger story that unified them. This coherence seems to have developed as a concept with BABYLON 5 and saw this to an even greater extent with SG-1. The bottom line is that in many ways this series was like watching a family or a long novel slowly take form. Sure there were a few "throwaway" episodes that were not connected to the rest but these were very few and far between and were also usually pretty funny.<br /><br />And speaking of funny I loved that SG-1 kept the mood light from time to time and wasn't so dreadfully serious. In this way I actually enjoyed it more than BABYLON 5. Jack O'Neill was a great character with his sarcasm and love of Homer Simpson--it's really too bad he slowly faded from the series in later seasons.<br /><br />To truly appreciate SG-1 you should watch it from the beginning and see how intricately the plots work. This coherence gives the show exceptional staying power. And if you don't like SG-1 after giving it a fair chance then sci-fi is probably NOT the genre for you.
critique674 I saw this on a flight over to the U.S and was a little sceptical at first as a few people had said there were so many characters in it that you didnt get to know any of them. However I didnt find this at all. The film is fast but this is due to the nature of the director and the star. The chase scenes are excellent and yes it may be predictable but isnt that true of most films. The main villain is a bit of a let down Christopher Eccelston is not as convincing as he could have been but that said its still a good film.
critique675 The DVD jacket in which this movie came describes it as "uplifting and humorous." Those are not the words I would have chosen - not by a long shot. I would choose a word like "sombre" sometimes even "depressing." Which isn't to say that it's a bad movie. It's actually a pretty good movie featuring good performances from the leads with enough uncertainty throughout about what's going to happen at the end that you keep watching. The uncertainty comes from the structure of the movie - it seems to revolve around Ellen's reminiscences of her mother's slow death from cancer as she is interviewed by the DA. So we know from the start that something suspicious happened at the end - the questions are "what?" and "who?" <br /><br />Renee Zellweger was very good as Ellen - the somewhat resentful daughter who has to give up her life and job in New York to return home to care for her sick mother. Ellen evolves through the movie - moreso than any other character - as she learns to deal with both the strengths and weaknesses of her parents. Her relationship with her father (William Hurt) is quite interesting. My initial impression was that they were quite close but the warts in the relationship start to show after a while. Hurt was effective as the detached husband - detached not in an uncaring way but in the sense of being unable to cope with what's happening to his wife and seeking escape from it in various ways. Finally Meryl Streep as the cancer-stricken Kate was very convincing in the role seeking to live out what remains of her life in the most fulfilling way possible then dealing with the anger she feels at her increasing debilitation. In a way watching a family deal with this kind of crisis reminded me a little bit of "Ordinary People" although this movie was far less emotionally intense. So not "uplifting and humorous" (with all due respect to whoever wrote the synopsis on the DVD jacket) but very good in its own way. 7/10
critique676 Rather annoying that reviewers keep comparing this to Planet Earth... Of *course* Planet Earth is better - it has much much more of the same. Earth is like an extended trailer for the Planet Earth series and as such is inevitably inferior and simplified. But that is not comparing like with like.<br /><br />As a feature-length documentary (or actually as a feature-length anything) it surpasses pretty much anything you will see in your entire life (unless you choose to traverse the Earth in helicopters with long-range cameras for years on end and wait for months in the most extreme environments to catch a glimpse of the most extraordinary beings on earth which - lets face it - is unlikely).<br /><br />On the narration: yes everyone in the UK - very much including me - adores David Attenborough and there's little excuse for him not to be narrating here but that hardly deserves knocking down a star or three. He wasn't a presenter on Planet Earth just a narrator and I'm sure he's modest and gracious enough to realise that anything that gets more viewers in is a Good Thing.<br /><br />Anyone who sees this will be overwhelmed by its awe majesty and glory. All reviewers agree on that. Those who love it (ie. everyone) will/should go on to see an buy Planet Earth. So three cheers for its cinematic release and a big boooo for anyone cheap enough to buy this on DVD rather than the Planet Earth box-set. But as works of art they're not in competition here people.<br /><br />The Earth is big enough for both.
critique677 I'm one of those people who'd crawl a mile through broken glass to see a Hal Hartley film. From TRUST and IRIS to HENRY FOOL and (my Hartley favorite) NO SUCH THING Hal's unique brand of movies are an acquired taste. Infusing equal parts mystery/espionage with wispy comedy seems to be his forte. The comedy isn't in your face necessarily and often runs throughout an entire scene before coming to fruition. And that's the case with FAY GRIM the sequel to Henry Fool.<br /><br />Parker Posey stars as Fay Grim abandoned wife of Henry Fool and mother to Henry's only son Ned. Fay lives a quiet life until she comes home one day to find a CIA agent in her kitchen. His name is Fulbright (Jeff Goldblum MAN OF THE YEAR) and he wants Henry's notebooks. There are many Henry Fool notebooks and they were all previously believed to contain nothing but mad wanderings. Apparently there's much more to them. Secrets weapons research or paths to terrorists? Who knows but Henry. Agent Fulbright tells Fay that her husband is dead but this is quickly surmised as a ruse to get Fay out of her home and searching for Henry (and it works ...but not the way they think).<br /><br />Fay battles multiple spy rings to gather Henry's notebooks and to seek him out. She also makes a deal with the CIA to get her brother Simon (James Urbaniak) out of prison (he'd helped Henry escape the country in the original Henry Fool film.) Multiple overlapping events occur in rapid succession: spy rings shoot each other to death Henry is discovered being held in "safety" by a jihadist Fay frees her brother but unknowingly risks her son's life and the CIA gets its comeuppance for putting Fay in danger.<br /><br />Hal Hartley obviously loves to play with themes. And he does so to the extreme here. Even character names (Grim Fool Fulbright Fogg) have implicit meanings of their own that are quite funny. The over-the-top espionage films of ol' are given plenty of screen time too as guns blaze in stop-motion sequences never striking our heroine even though she's right in the line of fire.<br /><br />Now that I've heaped praise on this creation I will say that Parker Posey's excessive portrayal of Fay Grim isn't the best part of the film which is a shame considering how much time she's on-screen. I realize this was probably what Mr. Hartley wanted: an uncurbed woman with hand gestures to the Italian extreme. But it was still painful to watch at times.<br /><br />Even so fans will probably devour Fay Grim and beg for more. Though this wasn't my favorite Hal Hartley film I know I'm ready.
critique678 I saw UZUMAKI about a year ago and was mesmerized. The only Japanese horror film I had seen before this one was KWAIDAN (Which I proudly own on DVD by the way) superb! The idea of a town being absorbed by spirals sounds exactly like something out of Lovecraft. Certainly it reminds one of SHADOW OVER INNSMOUTH of the inhabitants slowly turning into monstrosities (in this case giant snails). And who can forget the washing machine sequence? I hope we will soon see this one available on Region 1 DVD (I see that Sundance has recently screened it on US TV hopefully they'll do it again very soon) so that we can all see it. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
critique679 Good western filmed in the rocky Arizona wilds. Lots of tough guys throughout; Cobern's character seemed to rock back and forth between a raging psycho and a laid back type. Several holes appeared in the picture but not enough to offset it being exciting and worth seeing. One really dumb scene shows Heston emptying .45 cases of their powder and collecting it in a sack for the purpose of starting a fire. A. To gather that much gunpowder he would have needed a pack mule to carry the ammo. B. The grass was obviously dry: why not just drop a match on it and let 'er rip?
critique680 Even though this movie starts off with the usual: something goes wrong spacecraft crashes people are stranded etc. it still pulls off and introduces the viewer to some new ideas. Riddick is somewhat of a bad-ass convict and has modified his eyes so he is able to see in the dark which is a much sought after ability due to the situation the ship-crew and he gets in. The cutting in the movie is very good and emphasizes the mystique that shrouds around the anti-hero and male protagonist: "Riddick." The story in Pitch Black is as already mentioned to some extent very unoriginal and dissatisfied but the clipping and cutting in the movie blended with some surprising elements which has been added to the story helps it to still support itself very well and one is afterward left behind with a hybrid feeling of satisfaction and hunger for more. Vin Diesel acts really well in the role as Riddick and even though his character is a hardcore tough survivor he still takes morale decisions almost on the verge of good but that does not mean his decisions do not turn in his favor at the very end... Why destroy an already perfect reputation? All in all this is a very good movie though not perfect. The story seems very unoriginal at the surface but underneath it shines with enough originality to entertain. Some scenes has that wow factor while it as a whole is a bit better than average. It could maybe be described as a cult movie and it is definitely a recommendation for people who wants a spiced up sci-fi story blended with some minor psychological moments and an intriguing protagonist namely Riddick.
critique681 Really This movie should be released to DVD. I just got a bootleg copy of what I think was a studio film and I was utterly pleased!!! It was on my list of films to own simply because of the cast. Three of my PEOPLE Michael York Olivia Hussey. Both having been in Romeo & Juliet and also John Gielghud. sorry about the bad spelling were in there so on that alone I thought that for the small amount I was spending it would be fine. Boy was I right. I'm not going to give any of this one away you may already know the story anyway but I'll just say if you can get yourself a copy in ANY format...Do it!@ you won't be sorry. JPC
critique682 I recently rented this movie as part of a nostalgic phase I'm going through. I was born in 1980 and so film from mid-80s to mid-90s has quite an important place in my growing up.<br /><br />This particular movie was one of my favourites and so I was thrilled when it became available in the UK. It hasn't become worse with time it is still a great fun film with plenty of excitement in its own way. Sure it pales in the shadow of bigger larger budget films but don't let that stop you enjoying this.<br /><br />Worth a rent or even a purchase at the discount prices you'll find it for.
critique683 I like Dylan Moran from his work in Black Books although I found some of his stand-up to be really indulgent in terms of long confused gaps... however I was intrigued to see this film starring he and Michael Caine and curiosity got the better of me.<br /><br />I was stunned.<br /><br />Dylan's vocal range and characterisation of the different people he was playing in the film was absolutely perfect something beyond the skills of a mere stand-up comedian and really truly on a par with alec guinness john hurt and the other greats- truly he was skilled in his portrayal.<br /><br />Michael Caine was a very convincing prima donna and the standard british film device of having a precocious child on hand to be overly wise and withering worked- the only aspect I didn't really like was the unbelieveable plot feature of the chemistry between Dolores and the cockney gangsta's hard man played by Dylan.<br /><br />Other than that it was great.<br /><br />I also like the non-cop-out ending where it did end up happily ever after but with MC getting a beating. OK it's not exactly being strung up by your goolies and beijng disembowelled (which is what a real crime boss would do to you if you nicked Ã‚Â£50k off them) but it showed at least a small measure of reality in the story.<br /><br />I liked the film and I would recommend it to anyone- but- I would also warn them not to turn it off after 15 minutes because it started a bit slow. If you stick it out then it will all come back.<br /><br />And with regards to the swearing- well they're in Ireland. It wouldn't be real otherwise.
critique684 Hunky Geordie Robson Green is Owen Springer a young doctor who moves home to Manchester to be near his father. Along the way he falls for Anna a woman 20 years his senior and who happens to be the wife of his new boss Richard Crane. Despite warnings from his new colleagues Owen proceeds to get Anna for himself going as far as to sabotage Anna and the cheating Richard's marriage. This is a romantic drama with many humorous undertones and a quick wit. The actors are superb: Green of "The Student Prince" and "Touching Evil" smolders on-screen as the cunning yet warm-hearted Owen; Annis of "Dune" fame is lively and proves a good match to Green; Kitchen from "To Play The King" is the right menace as Richard whose comic missteps and snobbery underline his masterful building hatred for Owen. This is a perfect love triangle and despite the foibles and fallacies of our three characters you come away better for knowing and watching them.
critique685 How is bearÃ‚Â´s paw elephantÃ‚Â´s trunk or monkeyÃ‚Â´s brain for dinner? Let Tsui Hark tell you in this wonderful and lighthearted comedy about the art of cooking the traditional(?) Chinese way.<br /><br />This movie shares the common structure of an American sports movie but instead of focusing on baseball it centers around cooking which makes it all the more interesting. I even think Leslie CheungÃ‚Â´s character look a lot like Charlie Sheen in Major League...<br /><br />This movie also contains a bit of Zhao Wen Zhao vs Xiong Xin Xin fighting (love seeing more of that after The Blade) and a quite funny in-joke concerning a Leon Lai pop song...<br /><br />Perhaps not the ideal movie for the strict vegetarian though.
critique686 If you're a "child of the Eighties" like me you probably remember this 1981 Disney movie--one of Disney's first PG-rated films and Michael J. Fox's screen debut. I can remember watching this film over and over on HBO when I was on middle school and I only recently found a very old copy of it since Disney stopped producing the movie several years ago. Needless to say this is a real fun movie to watch. Five college teams decipher clues in an evening race around Los Angeles trying to reach the finish line first. Watch for the cameo from Paul Reubens. From the cheesy music to the disco scene with the fat twins this is a quintessential 1980s fun film that you'll love.
critique687 The theme is controversial and the depiction of the hypocritical and sexually starved india is excellent.Nothing more to this film.There is a lack of good dialogues(why was the movie in english??). There was lack of continuity and lack of passion/emotion in the acting.
critique688 My personal favorite horror film. From the lengthy first tracking shot to the final story twist this is Carpenter's masterpiece.<br /><br />Halloween night 1963 little Michael Meyers murders his older sister. All-hallows-eve 1978 Michael escapes from Smith's Grove sanitarium. Halloween night Michael has come home to murder again.<br /><br />The story is perfectly simple Michael stalks and kills babysitters. No bells or whistles just the basics. It's Carpenter's almost over-powering atmosphere of dread that generates the tension. Like any great horror film events are telegraphed long in advance yet they still seem to occur at random never allowing the audience to the chance to second guess the film.<br /><br />The dark lighting the long steady-cam shots and (most importantly) that damn eerie music create the most claustrophobic and uncomfortable scenes I have yet to see in film. There is a body count but compared to the slew of slashers after this it's fairly small. That and most of the murders are nearly bloodless. The fear is not in death but in not knowing.<br /><br />The acting is roundelay good. PJ Soles provides much of the films limited humor (and one of the best deaths) Nancy Loomis turns in a decent performance and then there is the young (at the time) Jamie Leigh-Curtis. Her performance at first seems shy and un-assured yet you quickly realize that it is perfect for the character who is herself shy and un-assured and not at all prepared for what she is to face. And of course there is the perfectly cast Donald Pleasence as the determined (perhaps a little unstable) Dr. Sam Loomis. Rest in peace Mr. Pleasence.<br /><br />If the film has a detrimental flaw it would be the passage of time. Since the release of this film so many years ago nearly countless clones copies rip-offs and imitators have come along and stolen (usually badly) the films best bits until nearly everything about it has become familiar. Combined with the changes for audience expectations and appetites one finds much of the films raw power diluted. To truly appreciate it in this day and age it must be viewed as it once was as something unique.<br /><br />Never the less I have no reservation with highly recommending this film to anyone looking for a good scary time. Highest Reguards.<br /><br />10/10
critique689 Paul was totally ripped off by someone at paramount who made Dave. It's the same story not as funny though.<br /><br />Paul related to me this morning about the scene were sammy davis sings the new national anthem of parador. he arrived in brazil after a long flight from vegas three planes car ride to the set etc. he was beat. he could hardly stand had to use a cane. he was staying in a trailer about the size of my bathroom.<br /><br />he didn't know he could do it. then he saw the crowd of 6000 extraspaid 7 bucks. he came to life and they shot that scene for two hours. he was magnificent then nearly collapsed.<br /><br />paul is a great guy though very liberal. a real talent.
critique690 I watched FIDO on some movie channel and I have to say that I've become an instant fan. The film feels like a comic book that perfectly captures the look and feel of the surreal 1950s you know the wholesome decade when they danced to Elvis while dropping nuclear bombs in the desert just for the heck of it. People were so naive back then that it's frightening and the idea that those clean cut folks would find it normal to have zombies as pets actually works here.<br /><br />Kudos to this Canadian production the colorful crisp cinematography and the excellent cast including Carrie Anne Moss Billy Connolly Henry Czerny and the kid.<br /><br />It's a shame this film wasn't a bigger hit. It deserved more recognition. It's much better than the stuff from Tim Burton or the SHAUN OF THE DEAD team. Oh well. It's an instant classic nonetheless.
critique691 This movie has everything a fantasy movie should have romance clever witticisms great acting and a fair dose of magic. <br /><br />I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and was drawn to its original plot (based on the Neil Gaiman novel which I am now looking to read) and colorful characters.<br /><br />One of the most striking things to me actually was how self contained the story is. Unlike so many sci-fi fantasy movies out there right now which leave open-endings and such this was a pure fairy-tale satisfying in and of itself with no need for a sequel.<br /><br />Original. Fun. Feel-good Fantasy.
critique692 When I saw this film it reminded me of all the greatest dreams i had (mostly filled with robots)<br /><br />I can relate to Eledore's problems and I have a similarity to Shiro and this is a great film to watch (if you're a Goth who is bitter and eccentric like me!). All in all watch it before it's out of print!
critique693 Just saying you've got a movie about John Holmes is a guarantee to get some folks in front of the screen but writer/director James Cox delivers oh so much more. A "Rashamon" of the sleazy Hollywood set the film splitters the July 1981 Wonderland murders through a variety of angles (and film stocks) but mostly through the filter of John Holmes' coked out weasel brain. In a film full of bad guys Holmes is either the most vile the most pathetic or both. Several versions of the story emerge and merge as Cox flashes jump cuts and twisting title cards amid effects and emoting. The dialogue is fast and naturalistic and never once rings false. While the film takes places two years after Holmes had fallen out of porn and into a truly wicked drug fueled depravity Kilmer relentlessly exudes a sexuality so intense it can be measured in inches. This sexuality at its edges creates a sense of foreboding that hangs over the entire film almost as heavily as the violence at its center. Those murders are teased at through the whole film though are never clearly shown not even at the climaxthough the violence of them relentlessly infuses the whole picture and much blood is splattered across walls and crime scene photos. Once again Val Kilmer as Holmes shows he can act wacko better than anyone else working. Strutting cringing bragging or begging Kilmer is constantly in character and the character is constantly a fascinating car wreck. Stand out performances beside Kilmer definitely include Ted Levine as the lead cop in the investigation and Lisa Kudrow as Holmes estranged wife. The trio of criminals Holmes falls in with include the frighteningly high energy Josh Lucas the ever interesting Timothy Blake Nelson and an absolutely unrecognizable Dylan McDermott in a pivotal role as the teller yet another version of the murders. Cox suggests that no matter how much we learn about Wonderland there is always a worse version possible but looking through the debauchery surrounding it is much more fascinating than understanding the truth.
critique694 This movie has a twist that caught me off-guard. It made me go over the scenes in my mind to see if there were any clues along the way. Loved the gorgeous Roy Thinnes and Joan Hackett's skillful acting. The beautiful haunting music stays with me as well as the intriguing story.
critique695 Greta Garbo's American film debut is an analogy of how our lives can be swept off course by fate and our actions as in a torrent causing us to lose a part of ourselves along the way.<br /><br />Greta plays Leonora a poor peasant girl in love with Ricardo Cortez's character Don Rafael a landowner. Ricardo is in love with her too but is too easily influenced by his domineering mother. Leonora ends up homeless and travels to Paris where she becomes a famous opera singer and develops the reputation for being a loose woman. In reality part of her attitude is bitterness over Rafael's abandonment.<br /><br />She returns to her home to visit her family and eventually confronts Rafael. Surprisingly no one knows that she's the famous La Brunna and Garbo acts up her role as the diva she truly was and re prised with such cool haughtiness in her later portrayals.<br /><br />Ricardo Cortez reminds one a lot of Valentino in looks in this part and he was groomed to be a Valentino clone by MGM though he never thought he could be in reality and he was right. He is believable in an unsympathetic part as a weak willed Mama's boy and allows himself to age realistically but comically at the end of the movie. He fails to win Leonora when she returns home and later when he follows her his courage is undermined.<br /><br />This movie is beautifully shot with brilliant storm sequences and the sets depicting Spain at the time are authentic looking. There are also some fine secondary performances by old timers Lucien Littlefield Tully Marshall and Mack Swain.<br /><br />Although this is a story of lost love and missed chances I don't think Leonora and Rafael would have been happy together as he needed a more traditional wife and she was very much a career woman and I don't think would have been happy in a small village. The ending is true to life and pulls no punches.<br /><br />See this one as Garbo's American film debut and a precursor of things to come
critique696 I think the movie was pretty good will add it to my "clasic collection" after all this time. I believe I saw other posters who reminded some of the pickier people that it is still just a movie. Maybe some of the more esoteric points defy "logic" but a great many religious matters accepted "on faith" fail to pass the smell test. If you're going to accept whatever faith you subscribe to you can certainly accept a movie. Is it just me or has anyone else noticed the Aja-Yee Dagger is the same possessed knife Lamonte Cranston had so much trouble gaining control of in "The Shadow". No mention of it in the trivia section for either movie here (IMDB) but I would bet a dollar to a donut it's the same prop.
critique697 I think this show was right on the money for me. I watched it over the plane but there were parts in the movie that made me control myself from tearing all over the place. <br /><br />The chemistry between Richard gere and Diane lane was very believable (fantastic acting on both parts)! I loved how Diane lane's daughter acted in the show too. She displayed maturity and how she transformed throughout the show was easy to believe as what a teenager could possibly be like in real life. <br /><br />I loved this show from start to end. Definitely recommended for the romantic people out there!
critique698 Okay let's face it. this is a god-awful movie. The plot (such as it is) is horrible the acting worse. But the movie was made for one reason and one reason only like all of those awful Mario Lanza movies...just to hear the voice of the star in this case Pavarotti in his prime. Okay so maybe the Lanza movies were also an excuse for him to hit on women but this movie is about hearing Luciano. That alone is worth watching the movie. A big opera star stuck on himself faces his fears finds humility and love along the way and belts out a lot of hit numbers too.<br /><br />I must admit I'm prejudiced on a number of levels. I'm Italian. I'm a big Pavarotti fan (is there anything about Pavarotti that isn't big including his fan base?). And when I first saw this movie I was going out on my own seeing the height and depth of Life's possibilities and in love for the first time. So as awful as this movie is the beautiful voice and memories are enough to make me breathe deep of life and love again.<br /><br />Yes it's corny and awful. But the voice is immortal and timeless and the voice is what it's all about. So I give this movie a high rating in hopes that someone who has never heard Pavarotti before will listen and watch and enjoy a new level of music and love especially since he is now gone. Like Italian food that you've never tried before try it! You may be pleasantly surprised as a Luciano lover or prospective Pavarotti peep.
critique699 i saw this movie when i was 13 and i really liked dana plato who later starred in different strokes as kimberly drummond . i don't think it's garbage .it was not meant to be a sequel to the documentary either . its just a cute kids movie about 3 children who go after men trying to find the boggy creek monster . the men get hurt and the kids rescue them with the help of the creature .haunting shots of the arkansas swamp and scenery were neat . this is a good movie for kids no real violence a few mild scares but good fun for the young kids.
critique700 It came by surprise. . .the impact & resoloution this film had on my automatic way of being reactive to people & situations. Most vividly was the stirring of the emotion anger. Much like the way a spoiled child would be when reacting to not getting their way. . .a temper tantrum if you will. Thinking I was hiding this anger from others was the most ridiculous farce of all. What was this costing me? Soooo much love. . .sooo many blessings. Now I'm present to how incredible humbling myself feels and having an ongoing attitude of gratitude for life. . .for what is happening in the moment without my wild expectations for life to be a particular way the way I think life or people "should" be. This film has contributed to the freedom I now feel to connect with others without limits & expectations. . .and to connect with genuine love. . .without fear of loss. . .just to love first and accept what love is given.
critique701 I played Sam (the porter Lou's sidekick) in the Film "Dead Rail" Which later aired as "Alien Express." And I have to say that for my part I thoroughly enjoyed watching this film. As a struggling actor this was a chance for me to work with fantastic people it gave me great scenes to include on my reel and it allowed me to work on a dream job for a month and a half (no waiting tables!) Turi(the director) And Steve and Scott (the producers) Were very kind by giving me this opportunity to participate in the production. I made many friends (Lou Todd Steven) and I consider myself very fortunate to have been able to work with these incredibly talented people. There was not a day that went by that I did not laugh my butt off. The real tragedy isn't so much the special effects it's that every single person who watched this film didn't get to see what happened behind the scenes and all the talent that truly went into it. Craftsmen building the set prop masters gafferswardrobe makeup artists script supervisors the cinematographer production assistants extras craft services producers director and actors. It's a given that Sci fi didn't spend a terrible amount of money on the film (2 million) But There was a lot of time energy and man power that was instilled into it. I look on the film now as a production that brought a lot of talented people together for a fun project that was shot without complications in less than two months. It was a magnificent cast and crew and I'm just so glad to be apart of it! On a further note to those of you who don't know Lou Diamond Phillips Todd Bridges and Steven Brand. They are fantastic people who are incredibly funny. Lou I still am working on my Deniro impression and can't thank you enough for introducing me to "midnight Run." Todd every time I hear an Elvis song I can't forget the story you told me about hanging out with him at his house for dinner. "Can you please pass me the pa tators?" (IM A HUGE ELVIS FAN!) Steven "Mr. Brand!" You are a true gent and all the advice and encouragement I received from you will always be appreciated. I miss you guys and hope you are well. Thanks for the good memories stories jokesand friendship. Oh and miss Utah says hello! wink wink.<br /><br />joe-
critique702 Surprisingly well done for an independent film An Insomniac's Nightmare paints a startling picture of what it would be like to suffer from insomnia. Wonderfully well written and directed it creates the atmosphere of a dream as the viewer is taken through one night in the life of an insomniac.<br /><br />Starring Dominic Monaghan as Jack we get to see everything he sees as the long hours of a lonely night drag on. The narration is almost hypnotizing and from the opening lines it is impossible to turn away. Fascinating and slightly disturbing it shows how someone copes with a lack of sleep balancing on the brink between sanity and madness.<br /><br />With twists and turns around every corner An Insomniac's Nightmare is provocative and engaging. It comes very highly recommended.
critique703 First ever viewing: July 21 2008<br /><br />Very impressive screenplay and comedic acting and timing in this film. Now 40 years old it has lost none of it's power. Neil Simon displays excellent insight into human nature and relationships as well as how to create genuine comedy from unusual situations. Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau give great comedic performances. Neil Simon was inspired by actual events in his own life to write the play this film is based on.<br /><br />One of the best written and acted Hollywood comedies of all time!<br /><br />Surprisingly only nominated for 2 Academy Awards: "Best Adapted Screenplay" and "Best Film Editing". Hollywood rarely awards comedies no matter how well they are made.
critique704 This is apparently one of Shemp's first shorts with the Stooges. (This excludes his much earlier vaudeville years with the team). But the threesome's comedic timing is at its honed best here. Aside from the intense slapstick scenes there are others more subtle but just as funny. Watch Larry when Shemp asks him to look at the camera for a snapshot. Or watch the real object prompting Moe's exclamation "Oh...highly polished mahogany!"<br /><br />Emil Sitka is at his bewildered goofiest. And the goon may look scary but he's somehow funny. He seems as frustrated and perplexed with the Stooges as are "regular" people in other shorts.<br /><br />For Shemp aficionados this is a must have episode. It won't disappoint.
critique705 The Dekalog 5 may be considered a violent accusation against the death sentence according to the fifth commandment "Thou shalt not kill": not by chance it puts the concept of a State fully complied with the provisions of an unjust law on the same plane as the figure of a Murderer. "But the law might not imitate the nature it might correct it" states Piotr the counsel for the defense a real catalyst character "the punishment is a form of vengeance aiming at returning evil for evil without preventing the crime. But in the name of whom the law takes its revenge? Really in the name of the innocent ones?". The horrifying and detailed sequences of the last half hour of a man sentenced to death give value to the uselessness of the deterrent function applied to the death penalty with the purpose of intimidating all potential criminals. "Desperate plights don't demand desperate remedies" Kieslowski says in his message teaching us how unrighteous can be the act of disobedience to a commandment of God that judges punishment the same way as crime is judged. There are three different moral attitudes here: the innate sense of rebellion of the MURDERER aiming at rousing the hostile torpor of the surrounding environment; the strong sense of chronic indifference of the VICTIM inclined to laugh at other people's requirements; the deserving behavior of the COUNSEL FOR THE DEFENSE always ready to fight against adversity in favor of human life. The struggle for life is ruthlessly vivisected all of the time; the characters are plunged into scenes of affliction and distress in an urban landscape accented with greenish tones and seen in its own reflections through the windshield of a taxi. Everything in "Dekalog 5" conveys a dreadful sense of estrangement and isolation: descriptions of a waste undergrowth of violence and folly scenes of precarious conditions of work sinister appearances of buildings immersed in an anonymous aura of desolation aimless wanderings through disenchanting environments. Jazek the main character is compelled to struggle with an opponent stronger than himself: a town completely wrapped in profound indifference apparently hostile deaf to all his mute calls for help while a faded photo of a little girl in a first communion dress goes on gnawing his soul. He's irremediably directing his steps towards a disconnected route to damnation seen through the deformations of the 18 mm. wide angle camera lens aiming at distorting every details altering the reality making it fade out in remote and alien echoes. Kieslowski doesn't bring extenuating circumstances seasoned with honey-tongued tones of melodrama in favor of the defendant differently from some Hollywood stereotypes like "I want to live" (by Robert Wise). He doesn't slip on the banana peel of useless pathetic scenes to extenuate Jazek's guilt and to mitigate the brutality of the crime not interested at all in proximate psychological motivations to justify any display of extreme or violent behaviors and refusing to include any useless judicial proceedings. In other words in Kieslowsky's opinion "a crime is always a crime": according to the principle of "par condicio" he puts the prosecutor on the same plane as the condemned man using many signs or symbols to represent a society seen in the most sinister light. And we can't remain indifferent: even if we don't agree with him Jazek's screams of anguish touch our hearts with pity in the same manner that Terri Schiavo's entreating eyes do.
critique706 Growing up in a multi racial neighborhood back in the 20's and 30's I grew up very close to most of the Italian families living there. This move brought back so many pleasant memories. this is a movie most people would like who enjoy seeing more true to life movies.
critique707 If you watched this film for the nudity (as I did) you won't be disappointed. I could have done without the bumbling crooks or the bear though. Some bottomless nudity could have be shown but for what it was I think H.O.T.S. has to be the best of its genre.<br /><br />It is not the sort of film that could have been made today which is a pity because it is the sort of film that is worth watching in these times.<br /><br />I would take mindless nudity over pivotal plot points any day.<br /><br />It is a shame that the DVD doesn't have any extras but as they didn't have DVDs when this was filmed that is understandable. I would have like to know more about the shooting of the film especially where they shot the football match at the end.
critique708 As far as I know this was my first experience with Icelandic movies. It's such a relief to see something else than your regular Hollywood motion picture. Too bad that movies like this one have a small chance of succeeding in the big world. I can only hope that people watch this by accident by recommendation or other...<br /><br />Because it's really worth while. I left the cinema feeling really sad. I couldn't get the tragic destiny's of the characters out of my head. And it impressed me even more when I thought of the complexity of the film. Not only was it a tragic story it had excellent comic reliefs and a very good soundtrack.<br /><br />If you have the opportunity watch it! It's really thought provoking and made me ponder a lot.<br /><br />
critique709 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique710 This is of of Sammo's great early comedy films. This isn't a parody of enter the dragon the main character (Sammo) is obsessed with Bruce Lee and emulates him freakishly well for a man of his size. Nominal story about how his fighting keeps causing his loved ones trouble - then fighting. Oh the fighting. Good fast-paced scenes with high impact (the white guy who plays a boxer looks like he really gets hurt by one of Sammo's kicks).<br /><br />The funniest bit of this movie was purely unintentional. There is a Jim Kelly looking guy (one of three experts hired to take out Sammo) but he was a Chinese guy in blackface with an afro-wig. Come on didn't they have any real black people in Hong Kong in 1978? Well I guess I've seen enough white fake-as-hell "Chinese people" in old American movies too.<br /><br />This is one is for any Sammo or Bruce Lee fan.
critique711 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique712 Rock Star is a "nice" movie. Everyone is nice. Even the guys who aren't supposed to be nice really are nice. Chris is a nice guy who learns a lesson in life. He goes back to his girlfriend Emily who is also nice. <br /><br />It's a good movie despite all the niceness. Maybe I'm just used to all the angst of the X Gen music. In some ways the film was a caricature of Rock Stars and not hard edged enough to be believable.<br /><br />Mark Wahlberg's acting is quite good. Jennifer Aniston played her role well but it was uncomplicated. She was a nice girl. <br /><br />Go see it. If you have ever been to a rock concert or seen Spinal Tap go see it.
critique713 This is an excellent stand-up DVD! Eddie Izzard is the funniest person I have seen in years. His routine is hilarious and makes for great conversation with others who have seen it. I HIGHLY recommend this one. The part about the history of Europe is a bit slow but the ending jokes in French are quite good because you don't have to speak French to get it (although if you do it is still hilarious). Also the parts about being a transvestite are quite good. The first scene (about San Francisco) is not great but funny the first time. Skip over those if you can. It's almost not worth watching. However this really is a funny funny stand-up show that everyone should see. "I was dead at the time!"
critique714 The ship may have sunk but the movie didn't!!! Director James Cameron from 'The Terminator' did it again with this amazing picture. One of my favorite scenes is 'The Dinner table' scene in which Rose's family and friends meet Jack after he saves her. Rose has a look on her face that every woman should have when you meet 'THE ONE'...I hope I have that look when I am in the room with my future husband.<br /><br />Jack and Rose have a connection that is 'MOVIE STUFF' but it's good movie stuff. We have the greedy mom and all her elite stuck up associates who live off of their husbands wealth. Rose almost commits suicide but the Gilbert Grape star rescues her. I really liked the hanging over the boat scene. It was a good risk.<br /><br />The movie is long but it's fantastic!!! Good story good flow good actors!!! Go see it twice if you want Its worth it!!!
critique715 If this movie proves only one thing it's that Keaton is was and always will be a comic at heart even when dodging bullets heading for the electric chair and getting at the wrong end of an information line in prison.<br /><br />But "Johnny Dangerously" goes on to prove even more. In the '80s the ZAZ boys (Zucker Abrahams Zucker) were the pinnacle in the world of genre spoofs. But there were several pretenders to the throne. This time Amy ("Fast Times at Ridgement High") Heckerling tries her hand with an amazing amount of television writers behind the script (go and check). <br /><br />This slap-happy slapstick spoof of the 1930's cops-and-"gag"sters movies throws just about every cliche for a loop and even adds a few cliches that didn't exist way back when.<br /><br />And not only is the ever-dependable Keaton on hand as the Johnny of the title but so are such funny guys and dolls as Piscopo Henner Stapleton Boyle Dunne DeVito Walston and just about every other actor in Hollywood that happened to walk into the immediate vicinity. You'd be surprised by how many faces you'll recognize. I know I was.<br /><br />And the jokes? Well when they start out they come at you fast and furious like a machine gun. There are too many to count in the beginning topped off with a crazy theme song by Weird Al Yankovic. But you have to watch for when they reload. And they have to reload a little too often. <br /><br />Everyone tries they seem to be having fun and I was laughing a good amount of the time. In the end though there was plenty of time to think about how certain scenes could have been funnier - not usually the best thing to think about after watching a comedy.<br /><br />But for a slow night when there's nothing good on TV pop in "Johnny" and be ready for some "Dangerously" serious laughter.<br /><br />Eight stars. Check out "Johnny Dangerously"... don't be a "bastidge".
critique716 Today if someone mentions the name Victor McLaglen the response most likely will be "Who?" or perhaps "Why?" Well believe it or not Victor McLaglen won the Academy Award for Best Actor in this film which is about a poor desperate man who is willing to sell out his best friend for "carfare" to the United States. It's an interesting movie which shows how low even the most well-meaning shnooks will go just for a few bucks. The movie takes place in British-dominated Ireland and while all the other characters are either directly or indirectly fighting for the political independence of Ireland all Mr. McLaglen's character is concerned about is getting money and getting drunk. The movie makes one wonder whether political activism is worth all the trouble because while the activist is struggling to make a point many others not only do not care they don't even know what the fuss is all about. The morale of this movie is: look out for the friend he may sell you out for a dime.
critique717 All Boris Karloff fans will love this classic film where Karloff is the castle physician and gives his patients excellent attention. Sir Ronald Burton(Richard Greene) an eighteenth-century English adventurer believes his two friends have been murdered by Count Von Bruno(Stephen McNally) on his Black Forest estate. Arriving at Von Bruno's castle to accumulate evidence Burton learns Von Bruno's unhappy wife Elga (Paula Corday). and Dr. Meissen(Boris Karloff) the castle physician are virtual prisoners. Suspecting Burton's motives Von Bruno and Gargon (Lon Chaney Jr. ) a giant mute scarred henchman discover the Englishman was responsible for their being captured and tortured. You will definitely have to view this great Classic Karloff Film to enjoy the ending.
critique718 Having grown up with GWTW I shunned both the "Scarlett" sequel book and the mini-series until now. When I recently viewed the video for the first time I was amazed how much I enjoyed watching Timothy Dalton's depiction of Rhett Butler and Joanne Walley-Kilmer's as Scarlet. I feel "Scarlet" should be judged on its own merits rather than attempting any comparison with the venerable Selznick masterpiece GWTW. While the "Scarlet" story line and some of the dialogue suffered from lack of inspired writing overall I thought this was a worthwhile dramatization of what might have been between Scarlett and Rhett.
critique719 Believe me when I say this show is just plain hilarious. The basic story is about Kintaro Oe who travels from town to town taking part time jobs chasing women and learning all he can about life. Kintaro has to be one of the easiest to relate to characters ever made. He takes everything to the extreme and it's just laugh out loud funny every time. From his constant never ending quest to study life to tiny things he instantly blows up into life or death matters.<br /><br />One of the funniest things about this show is simply Kintaro's constantly extremely over the top expressions and reactions. He spends a great amount of time in various super deformed modes like Dragon Half or Trigun. Other times in less then 0.1 seconds his face will turn not just serious but manga-fighter-style life or death expressions like a weight lifter trying to benchpress a new record. It's hilarious.<br /><br />If that wasn't enough the writing is superb and the english voice acting couldn't possibly be better. Kintaro's English VA is just perfect and will have you rolling around when he's not even really saying anything. The one thing to mention though is this is without a doubt an Ecchi series. It practically defines the word. If you're an adult anime fan who can get a laugh out of movies like American Pie you'll love this.<br /><br />- Rirath_com
critique720 I watched this on an 8 hour flight and (presumably because of the pressure and the altitude) I actually found it mildly entertaining (emphasis on the "mild").<br /><br />The actual idea behind the film was brilliant: a woman dies her fiancÃƒÂ© falls in love with someone else she decided to make sure they don't get together but eventually she lets them do it. Sadly the actual film wasn't as good. OK there were a few laughs and the actors all worked well. But from the beginning the plot was about as predictable as the destination of the flight I was on. I think the whole gay-but-not-gay friend part of the story could have been worked a lot better. The talking parrot was a nice idea but to be honest: it wasn't really very funny.<br /><br />In summary the film was more interesting than staring at the seat in front of me but it was a close call.
critique721 I've watched many short films in my day. Often I find them either too compressed (throwing too much information at the viewer in the short amount of time they have to run) too "artsy" or lacking a clear-cut vision. I can say none of these things about Starcrossed. In this review I'll do my best to avoid any dramatic spoilers but I'll also assume that the reader understands that the theme of this film is brotherly incest.<br /><br />As with any short film the story is fairly simple straightforward and easy to digest. It's clear that the film attempts to shine a light one one of modern society's most deeply held taboos. This film succeeds in every respect. In the fifteen minutes of running time I found myself feeling a gamut of emotions. With only a little dialog the viewer is rapidly pulled into the most personal moments and thoughts of these star-crossed brothers.<br /><br />From the opening scene set in their early childhood one can see the very close relationship the brothers have. When the film progresses to the present day in the next scene the excellent acting and honest heartfelt performances remind the viewer that love can come in the most unexpected and harsh way. As the relationship progresses any disgust the viewer may initially feel is quickly replaced by sympathy and emotional distress as the viewer suddenly realizes that there can be only one possible resolution. And the aftermath of that resolution is heart-rending.<br /><br />Anyone with an open mind would do well to watch this film and absorb its message. If nothing else it boldly and honestly challenges the viewer to reexamine some of our deepest beliefs on the shame-filled and secretive taboo of incest. Though the film is only fifteen minutes long it resonates in the viewer long after the credits roll. This is perhaps my favorite short film I've ever seen. I can't recommend it highly enough.
critique722 Having just finished Cronicles of the Heroic Knight mere minutes ago I find myself extremely please but questions still loom over me. While it would appear that the first 7 episodes or so are actually a retelling of the events of the first Record of Lodoss War the truth is that they really aren't. It would appear that the creator of CotHK had a different vision as to how the original ended (and that may be the reason that the first 7 episodes occur) but I do not find that to be the case. CotHK does say it starts 5 years after the War of Heros which Parn was a part of. I think the director made the first 5 episodes seem so much like a recap of the original just to give the viewer a small reminder and an introduction to characters and their deeds done because they appear much less after the series kicks into Spark's story. Now once the series does kick into Spark's portion we find ourselves kicked up another 10 years (15 years now since the War of Heros). Spark and his crew do in some cases resemble Parn and his crew once the journey kicks into gear especially the love story that brews between Spark and Neese. I also thought several times throughout CotHK that I threw in the original series and if it wasn't for Spark's long blue hair I know I would've pressed stop more than once to make sure the right disc was in. By no means do I consider these major set backs however the writers did a fine job in crafting believable characters and a remarkable storyline. The only thing that makes me hurt is that Ashram and Wagnard return. Ummmm... how??? Don't get me wrong both are great villains even though Ashram's only villainous trait is that he supports the Marmo. Perhaps I missed something during the coarse of the series that explained that part. As far as sequels go though I highly recommend CotHK. I place both CotHK and even more so the original Record of Lodoss War far above the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Both of these are more epic than anything I've ever seen or read. I highly recommend this.
critique723 I was actually around 13 years old camping near the McCloud River near Shasta when this movie was being filmed. My family was paid to leave our campsite for the afternoon when they filmed Vincent floating down the river. A little trivia...the scene where they pulled him out was actually where he started his float down the river. And if the stunt man missed the netting there was 20 foot waterfall about 1/4 mile down farther.<br /><br />Anyway...I watched it at the time and didn't get it. It wasn't until years later when I saw the movie and actually understood the meaning of it. It's pretty powerful movie and certainly a fine job by Jan at such a young age. His movie career never really took off as expected but of course he later found success on TV. I wish this movie was available cause I would love to see it again.
critique724 A great addition to anyone's collection.<br /><br />12 monkeys is a movie you don't see every day. It has excellent actors to go with a excellent story. This is not a normal role for Bruce Willis but he holds the role like he holds John McClane.<br /><br />The virus-kills everyone on earth and leaves a few hundred survivors story is not a new one but the story takes a fresh new direction on it.<br /><br />A man(Bruce)is sent back in time to get information on a virus which has wiped out most of man kind.<br /><br />The actors in this were awesome. I must give a mention to Brad Pitt who was hilarious as the mental patient James Cole(Bruce) meets in a mental hospital.<br /><br />The director did an amazing job on bringing us a disturbing picture of a future devastated by a man-made virus.<br /><br />The animals seen in the virus world made it feel like they run the world when humans are driven into underground facilities.<br /><br />This movie was excellent and must see and also its a must own.<br /><br />I very much highly recommend it.<br /><br />10/10
critique725 Alex North (John Cassavetes) has problems in relationship with his father and flees home to join the army from where he very soon deserts and comes to New York intending to start a new life using as an advantage the fact that nobody knows about his past. He finds a job at the Waterfront where he meets Tommy Tyler (Sydney Poitier) a lively young man who is happily married and is a living contrast to Cassavetes' sad and unhappy character. They very quickly become good friends and Tommy does his best to help his friend. The only problem is that their superior at work a tough worker Charles Malik (Jack Warden) is sort of envious of their friendship as well as Tommy's constant happy disposition and success in personal life. He really manages to make their life difficult when he comes to know the truth about Alex's past.<br /><br /> A good drama skillfully directed by Academy Award nominated director-producer Martin Ritt (The Hud) and featuring wonderful performances from Sydney Poitier and Jack Warden. 7/10
critique726 I'm not gonna lie. To say that this movie is confusing is like saying the sun is hot but not really. And if you've seen cult director Richard Kelly's previous films "Donnie Darko" and "Southland Tales" you know that's gotta mean something. When I went to see this movie there were about 50 people in the theater. Before an hour into the film about half of the audience had already walked out. By the end there were only 15 people left wondering what in the hell did they just see. I for one could only comprehend roughly 40% of what I saw on- screen and even then it can only be called interpretation. So why did I give this movie a generous seven stars? Because for one we get some spectacular performances (Marsden's great and Langella returns as a familiar creepy character) and most importantly two because it's entirely original and Richard Kelly undoubtedly one of the bravest directors alive uses his creative vision to tell a story that dares to be different. Quite frankly it's the ONLY way - only through Kelly's unique style could this story be told the way it's intended.<br /><br />In the end if you're not willing to spend some serious thought into an intelligent movie (and even then it may all amount to nothing) stay FAR away from this one. But if you want to watch a deep rich complex and thought-provoking piece on spirituality existentialism and the predictability of human nature go see this. Be prepared for lengthy discussions with your partner however.<br /><br />*Note: If by chance you've read this review taken my recommendation have actually seen the movie and STILL believe you've wasted 2 hours of your life I'd be happy to share my views on the whole meaning and plot of the film. See that's why I liked it so much - it promotes discussion! As hard as it is though I'll try summing it up by paraphrasing a rather depressing quote by Langella's character who explains the significance of the simple box to an employee: "Your house is a box which you live in. The car that you drove to work is a box on wheels. When you return home from work you sit in front of a box with moving images. You watch until the mind and soul rots and the box that is your body deteriorates when finally you are placed into the ultimate box... to rest under the soil and earth."
critique727 I really like the show!! As a part of Greek Life I can say that some things are over-exaggerated but overall it's still pretty damn funny.<br /><br />Rusty is a likable lead character his roommate is HILARIOUS and the entire cast is entertaining in their own rights. I like that it focuses on individual situations as well as interpersonal relations with the organizations.<br /><br />This show covers it all and they do it without cursing or anything else that bad (how else could it be on ABC Family?).<br /><br />My favorites are Cappie (of course) Rusty's roommate and pretty much all of Kappa Tau. This show is a great launch pad for them and I'm excited to see what doors this opens. <br /><br />Please renew this show next summer ABC Family. Like I said love love LOVE it!!
critique728 17/02/09 "More" (1969) Dir: Barbet Schroeder <br /><br />For a film that most viewers have agreed is pretty average I'm impressed by quite how many differing interpretations have been offered of it. I've only scoured the web quite briefly and I've already been informed that "More" is: a 19th Century-style romance an allusion to the story of Icarus a plain film full of dull people and of interest only to Pink Floyd completists. It's fair to say then that critical reception is mixed. I would argue that these wildly disparate readings of Barbet Schroeder's 1969 directorial debut are proof enough that "More" is anything but a pretty average film.<br /><br />Neither is it a masterpiece of course. I approached "More" as I did "Easy Rider" and Antonioni's "Blowup" - as a 'time-capsule' film a snapshot of an era - despite the differences in pace style and content between these movies. They all have similar flaws - either vague or downright unlikeable characters acting that seems slightly adrift from reality relaxed editing and abrupt endings that have left viewers indignant. These movies never try to be persuasive or meet the audience half way - they are what they are man. This in itself is not a problem as long as we are left with a souvenir of the experience. Thankfully "More" offers several truly memorable images sounds and suggestions to the viewer and this is what saves it.<br /><br />Stefan is a young man who arrives in Paris fresh from his studies in Germany. The first part of the film follows him as he falls in with a group of French hipsters accompanies them to devastatingly cool and self-conscious parties and bars before meeting Estelle. The two characters become sexually and romantically involved and he promises to follow her to Ibiza against the advice of his friend Charlie. This is where the Icarus thing comes into play - she is the Sun he is pursuing her. You may now be able to guess how this all ends.<br /><br />Ibiza is an idyll so far away from the bustling urgency of the over-populated Paris that the naive Stefan knows he must be on to a good thing. Estelle remains elusive and erratic and the island has a less desirable underbelly. Up until now I had cared little for either of these characters and their unfocused pursuit of somewhere to be really free but once the action is pared down to just these two the film becomes poignant quite suddenly. During just one single wistful exchange of dialogue in the remote villa they inhabit the place where their volatile love crystallises I went from watching with a fading optimism to being utterly enraptured. I can't think of many other films that have done this.<br /><br />The relationship between Stefan and Estelle is real and human in that we can see it go from life-defining intimacy to disillusionment and cruel coldness. They take a lot of drugs and cavort naked on the terraces the rocks and beaches. Their lives revolve around nothing but each other and the beautiful Mediterranean surroundings. For a while their situation is the very essence of freedom emotional openness and experience for its own sake. But Stefan is not in control and this is the downfall of more than just his future on Ibiza.<br /><br />Pink Floyd's score is a perfect fit for the exoticism the intimacy and the foreboding of "More". It is one of the most memorable inclusions along with the mosquito netting around Estelle's bed and their hallucinogenic exuberance around the windmill (which appears on the soundtrack album's front cover). A scene in which they take acid to escape from heroin withdrawal is illustrative of the fundamental flaws of the couple - they cannot 'land' without a crash. Maybe they've come too close to what they wanted.<br /><br />Stefan never makes contact with any family or friends from before his arrival in Paris. We are left to presume they have no idea where he is. While other 1960s Counterculture movies dwell on debauchery excess the media and voyeurism Schroeder has instead presented us with a story focused upon one man who backs himself into a little corner somewhere in the world and quietly disappears.
critique729 Has anyone found a way to purchase copies of this series yet? I can see that a lot of people have inquired but I can't tell if any of them have been successful. It's hard to believe that a series this good cannot be viewed by people today especially one based on real issues faced by real people during what were both tense and exciting times in our country. How can this be true and what can we do to change it? As an aside I agree with all the comments other writers have made about this series on this web site. This is an excellent story about events that everyone should be aware of and know something about today. Lots of us saw this series when we were in college or around that time anyway. Now we want to share it with our children ... but we can't? If that is true what would some good written materials be that would relay the same information?
critique730 Randolph Scott is heading into Albuquerque to take a job with his uncle. However on the way there the stage is held up--even though they are not carrying a strongbox. However a nice lady on board is concealing $10000 for her and her brother's business...and the robbers seem to know this.<br /><br />Once in town Scott goes to this uncle about the job. However he soon learns that this uncle is a jerk--the typical bad guy from Westerns. You know the rich guy who only wants to become richer by cheating and stealing and threatening until he owns everything. And it just so happens that this jerk was behind the robbery. Scott demands that the uncle returns the money and then Scott goes into business with the nice lady and her brother.<br /><br />Not surprisingly this is NOT the end of the problems---just the beginning. Again and again intrigues of various types occur to try to crush the uncle's opposition. One trick is to bring in a pretty lady to befriend Scott and his partners. She's a crack shot and it looks bad for Scott--until he figures out why she's come to town.<br /><br />Unlike most later Randolph Scott films this one shows Scott as a bit more headstrong man. All too often in his films he's the last one to suggest violence but in this film he's quick to suggest a lynching (screw the law let's have a hangin') and later he's quick to threaten the uncle. What a surprise to see him as such a hot-head--though in most other ways he's the same old Scott you'd expect.<br /><br />As far as the film goes there's nothing particularly unusual about it. Gabby Hayes plays the usual character Scott is a hero the baddie cannot be reasoned with and ultimately is destroyed and Scott gets the girl. Despite this very typical plot it's all handled very well and as a result is well worth your time.<br /><br />By the way there are two weird scenes in the film. First late in the movie there is a fist fight between Scott and the uncle's #1 henchman Lon Chaney Jr.. In it Chaney smokes as he fights--something I never saw before and I did admire how he could puff away as he got his butt kicked. Second get a load of that runaway cart scene with the whip--now THAT was one impossible feat!
critique731 Honore De Balzac's genuinely bizarre short story on which this was loosely based gets an unsettling albeit breathtakingly filmed treatment here as a sort of forbidden-love blossoms over a period of time between man and beast in the early part of the nineteenth century. Thin and very blonde English actor Ben Daniels plays the role of a young soldier during the Napoleonic wars who gets lost whilst escorting an exiled(?) french painter across the rugged dangerous landscapes of the Gobi Desert. After literally going around in circles the two men give up ever trying to reach civilization again thus each decides (against better judgment mind you) to go their separate ways with the promise of both returning to the same exact spot when and if a water source is actually found. This is of course how Daniels' character comes to encounter the creature (a wild and untamed female leopard) and eventually form a seemingly unbreakable bond or rather love with it that both saves his life and nearly destroys it by film's end. The exquisite cinematography minimalist dialog somewhat demented story which arguably hints at possible bestiality in about three scenes are what ultimately lead professional critics to pan the film as pretentious and overlong rubbish. While it is a film that isn't exactly for all tastes mind you I find it to be a subtle though decidedly left-of-center mixture of fantasy with a surreal and sumptuous atmosphere highlighted by the fact that for more than half of the flick actor Ben Daniels is forced to perform opposite a wild animal (four leopards were actually used as opposed to just the one) which plain common sense and a slight knowledge of theatrics dictates that it must have been a maddening and very difficult job that he managed to pull off quite brilliantly if you ask me! Overall I think that "Passion in the Desert" takes a while to warm up to but if you're a patient person who is willing to give it some time it does in fact cast it's uniquely original spell over you in spite of everything; and unlike most platonic human and animal relationship stories it need not require a talking pig monkey or shaggy dog to keep your interest throughout. (***** out of *****)
critique732 Terry Gilliam's stunning feature-length adaptation of Chris Marker's short film LA JETEE is full of mind-bending surprises yet still touches your heart thanks to the superb cast. Gilliam's flair for the phantasmagorical works with the script by David and Janet Peoples to play with your head as much as it does with poor James Cole (Willis at his most Steve McQueen-like -- better than McQueen even!) a time-traveling convict from the future who literally doesn't know whether he's coming or going as a team of scientists keeps sending him back to the wrong eras while trying to prevent a 1995 plague that's deadly to humans but harmless to animals. Willis the justifiably Oscar-nominated Brad Pitt and Madeline Stowe as a well-meaning psychiatrist give some of the best performances of their careers. Even Paul Buckmaster's tango-style score is haunting. This one's a don't-miss!
critique733 This Aussie flick filmed in 1999 does an OK job of portraying a bunch of small-time crooks in Kings Cross Sydney. The plot focuses on the plight of a young would-be crim who's life is in danger after botching a job for his future boss. Very well acted by Heath Ledger and Bryan Brown. The plot is fairly believable with some very humorous moments in one scene which revolves around a bank heist. The setting-up of various themes central to the story is quite well done. Eg. When one crim is searching for bullets for his gun. I personally have a dislike for gratuitous violence in movies and in this regard the movie did not offend. It attempted and succeeded in showing us the human side of the baddies such as Bryan Brown. The rest of the cast did an OK job without any real stand-outs that I remember. The direction was very good in succeeding in making a believable movie that provided good entertainment. The main overriding feature that makes this a good movie is the acting and direction of Heath Ledger and his successful portrayal of a naive young man who makes stupid mistakes for short-term gratification thinking he is indestructible and not realizing that there are sinister people waiting to pounce on any mistake. The director Gregor Jordan deserves special mention. Rating in my book - 7 (of 10).
critique734 If there was anything Akira Kurosawa did wrong in making Dodes'ka-den it was making it with the partnership he formed with the "four knights" (the other three being Kobayaski Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a big blockbuster hit to kick off their partnership and instead Kurosawa arguably the head cheese of the group delivered an abstract humanist art film with characters living in a decimated slum that had many of its characters face dark tragedies. Had he made it on a more independent basis or went to another studio who knows but it was because of this among some other financial and creative woes that also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. And yet at the end of the day as an artist Kurosawa didn't stop delivering what he's infamous for with his dramas: the strengths of the human spirit in the face of adversity. That its backdrop is a little more unusual than most shouldn't be ignored but it's not at all a fault of Kurosawa's.<br /><br />The material in Dodes'ka-den is absorbing but not in ways that one usually finds from the director and mostly because it is driven by character instead of plot. There's things that happen to these people and Kurosawa's challenge here is to interweave them into a cohesive whole. The character who starts off in the picture oddly enough (though thankfully as there's not much room for him to grow) is Rokkuchan a brain damaged man-child who goes around all day making train sounds (the 'clickety-clack' of the title) only sometimes stopping to pray for his mother. But then we branch off: there's the father and son the latter who scrounges restaurants for food and the former who goes on and on with site-specific descriptions of his dream house; an older man has the look of death to him and we learn later on he's lost a lot more than he'll tell most people including a woman who has a past with him; a shy quiet woman who works in servitude to her adoptive father (or uncle I'm not sure) who rapes her; and a meek guy in a suit who has a constant facial tick and a big mean wife- to those who are social around.<br /><br />There are also little markers of people around these characters like two drunks who keep stumbling around every night like clockwork putting big demands on their spouses sometimes (unintentionally) swapping them! And there's the kind sake salesman on the bike who has a sweet but strange connection with the shy quiet woman. And of course there's a group of gossiping ladies who squat around a watering hole in the middle of the slum not having anything too nice to say about anyone unless it's about something erotic with a guy. First to note with all of this is how Kurosawa sets the picture; it's a little post-apocalyptic looking not of any particular time or place (that is until in a couple of shots we see modern cars and streets). It's a marginalized society but the concerns of these people are however in tragic scope meant to be deconstructed through dramatic force. Like Bergman Kurosawa is out to dissect the shattered emotions of people with one scene in particular when the deathly-looking man who has hollow sorrowful eyes sits ripping cloth in silence as a woman goes along with it.<br /><br />Sometimes there's charm and even some laughs to be had with these people. I even enjoyed maybe ironically the little moments with Rokkuchan (specifically with Kurosawa's cameo as a painter in the street) or the awkward silences with the man with the facial tics. But while Kurosawa allows his actors some room to improvise his camera movements still remain as they've always been- patient but alert with wide compositions and claustrophobic shots painterly visions and faces sometimes with the stylization of a silent drama meant as a weeper. Amid these sometimes bizarre and touching stories with some of them (i.e. the father and son in the car) especially sad Kurosawa lights his film and designs the color scheme as his first one in Eastmancolor like it's one of his paintings. Lush sprawling spilling at times over the seams but always with some control this place is not necessarily "lighter"; it's like the abstract has come full-throttle into the scene where things look vibrant but are much darker underneath. It's a brilliant tricky double-edged sword that allows for the dream-like intonations with such heavy duty drama.<br /><br />With a sweet 'movie' score Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran) and some excellent performances from the actors and a few indelible scenes in a whole fantastic career Dodes'ka-den is in its own way a minor work from the director but nonetheless near perfect on its own terms which as with many Kurosawa dramas like Ikiru and Red Beard holds hard truths on the human condition without too much sentimentality.
critique735 Sergio Martino is a great director who has contributed a lot to Italian genre cinema and as far as I am considered his Gialli from the 1970s are the undisputed highlights in his impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. "The Case Of The Scorpion's Tale" of 1971 is one of these impressive films Martino has contributed to Italian Horror's most original sub-genre and another proof that the man is a master of atmosphere style and suspense. My personal favorite of the Martino films I've seen so far is still the insanely brilliant "Your Vice Is A Locked Room And Only I Have The Key" of 1972 followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice Of Mrs Wardh" (1971) all of which I personally like even more than this one. That's purely a matter of personal taste however as "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is an equally excellent film that is essential for every fan of Italian Horror cinema and suspense in general.<br /><br />The film which delivers tantalizing suspense from the very beginning has a complex and gripping plot that begins with the mysterious demise of a millionaire who has died in a plane crash. Insurance investigator Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is assigned to verify the circumstances the insurance company which is due to pay a large sum to the deceased man's wife. Soon after Lynch begins to investigate a person is brutally killed which is just the beginning of a series of murders...<br /><br />"The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" excellently delivers all the elements a great Giallo needs. The film is stunningly suspenseful from the beginning the score by Bruno Nicolai is brilliant the plot is wonderfully convoluted and the killer's identity remains a mystery until the end. Regular Giallo leading-man George Hilton once again delivers an excellent performance in the lead. Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely ravishing in the female lead. The includes the great Luigi Pistilli one of the most brilliant regulars of Italian genre-cinema of the 60s and 70s and Alberto De Mendoza another great actor who should be familiar to any lover of Italian cinema. Athens where most of the film takes place is actually a great setting for a Giallo. The atmosphere is constantly gripping and the photography great and Bruno Nicolai's ingenious score makes the suspense even more intense. Long story short: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another excellent Giallo from Sergio Martino and an absolute must-see for any lover of the sub-genre! Stylish suspenseful and great in all regards!
critique736 Thank goodness for the Coen Brothers. Their success has brought them bigger budgetsbut hasn't rid them of their creativity. I had planned on seeing another movie but it was sold out so I went to this one instead. By the time it began I had forgotten what movie I was there to see. I was surprised in more ways than one. This movie is hilarious but they don't make any cheap jokes just to get the laughs. The writing is brilliant and delivered with great skill by George Clooney (after this nobody can say he's just a pretty face) and the rest of the cast. It can be appreciated on many levels whether you remember the Odyssey or not. I can't remember the last time I saw a movie that was this clever. I've seen others I would describe as beautiful intriguing funny and charming all of which also describe "Oh Brother" but this movie reminded me of older seinfeld episodes where all the subplots came together in the end. You can feel that their journey is building up to something but you can't tell what. And the Coen brothers do not fail us the end is certainly not disappointing. It's surprising and ties up all the loose ends neatly without wearing the story out.
critique737 Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me. I either really love them or I loathe them. Some of the fancier productions (such as Desperation and Storm of the Century) I didn't enjoy. Some of the smaller ones I really loved. Sleepwalkers is one that I really do enjoy and watch it regularly.<br /><br />The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary. They are Sleepwalkers shape shifting creatures who although human like in appearance shift into a feline like creature. They are immune to the scratch of cats and whenever they move to a new town lay out traps to catch and kill the animals. When they move to their latest town they need to seek out a virgin and when Charles finds one he actually falls for herbut his mother needs to feed from her to keep up her strength. The story revolves around what will happen with the girl. Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother.<br /><br />Although this story has overtones of incest which some may find unappealing it does actually play a part in the story and is therefore not just plonked in the movie for scandal's sake. Like most Stephen King stories it's based in a small town with lots of interesting characters. The acting isn't the best nor are the special effects however somehow the whole thing tends to 'gel' and is very watchable and enjoyable adaption.<br /><br />For UK readers: This production has most recently been shown on BBC1 Sci-Fi and Sky Thriller/Horror channels.
critique738 Purgatory Flats shown on cable recently is a small movie that packs a lot. Harris Done directs with style. The screen play by Mr. Done and Diane Fine makes a good thriller.<br /><br />If you haven't seen the film perhaps you would like to stop reading.<br /><br />The film is the story about a young L.A. doctor that made a mistake and lives to pay for it. Upon being released from prison he wants to hide in a small town where he feels he will be forgotten. Bad choice! What Thomas Reed finds in Purgatory Flats is hell in the desert. Right after landing a job as a bar tender Thomas meets a pretty young woman Sunny who clearly is someone to stay away from. The young doctor is called to help as Sunny's boyfriend Randy is gunned down by a drug dealer.<br /><br />We get to know Randy's family. His uncle Dean appears to be OK but his brother Owen is a loose cannon. Every one in the household is connected in more ways than one to the nubile Sunny.<br /><br />The performances are fine. Vincent Ventresca is Thomas the man who should have gone to his L.A. practice instead of making a detour to the small town. Alexandra Holden is Sunny a young woman with a tremendous ambition to escape her surroundings. Kevin Alejandro Gregg Henry Brian Austin play the men in the Mecklin family well. Nicholas Turturro makes also a good contribution as the drug dealer.<br /><br />The film shows a director with promise who will go far judging from this tightly constructed film.
critique739 Yesterday my Spanish / Catalan wife and myself saw this emotional lesson in history. Spain is going into the direction of political confrontation again. That is why this masterpiece should be shown in all Spanish High Schools. It is a tremendous lesson in the hidden criminality of fascism. The American pilot who gets involved in the Spanish Civil War chooses for the democratically elected Republican Government. The criminal role of religion is surprisingly well shown in one of the most inventive scenes that Uribe ever made. The colors are magnificent. The cruelty of a war (could anybody tell me the difference between Any war and a Civil war ?)is used as a scenario of hope when two young children express their feelings and protect each other. The cowards that start their abuse of power even towards innocent children are now active again. A film like 'El viaje de Carol'/ 'Carol's journey' tells one of the so many sad stories of the 20th Century. It is a better lesson in history than any book could contain. Again great work from the Peninsula Iberica !
critique740 The Assignment is an outstanding thriller with several plot twists driven by character rather than star turns the need to stage special effects obligatory romance and endless car chases. However there is a car chase in here and a dandy it is. Aidan Quinn is wonderful as both the terrorist and the naval officer "recruited" to eliminate him. It is rare that a second or third tier actor such as Quinn is given an important starring role like this that carries a film. Usually such a role is given to an A-list actor with box office draw which is probably why I never heard of this film before I saw it. Donald Sutherland is great as the morally ambiguous somewhat creepy at times agent that recruits Quinn. Ben Kingsley is fine also as the Israeli agent. The plot is very complex and there are multiple story lines which converge in gradual fashion toward the end and not all at once as we're used to seeing. The paranoia and claustrophobia of these type of thrillers is captured and portrayed with both moral ambiguity and frightening intensity. The locations are convincing and effective. The soundtrack is nothing special but rarely do we get all of the above mentioned qualities these days without dumb and/or meaningless plot developments; unconvincing star turns; loud annoying music video type soundtracks; a villain that hams it up; and repeatedly a cast costumes and plot that cater mostly to an audience under 25. This is an outstanding thriller which most assuredly did not get its just due upon its release. ***1/2 of 4 stars.
critique741 The only part lacking in this movie is Shue's part as the daughter wanting to follow in her "aunt's" footsteps as a daytime soap star. Otherwise it would be a perfect 10.<br /><br />It seems that every actor enjoyed their parts and overacting to fulfill their own enjoyment as well as the script - I have to wonder if a little ad lib'ing wasn't taking place in parts. It was well cast and there are some classic lines that will stick with you.<br /><br />It's a fantastic movie everyone should see at least once. I'd recommend not drinking anything that would sting coming out your nose.<br /><br />You'll definitely want to watch the last scene closely 'Nurse Nan' has a little secret she'd rather not have shared with you.<br /><br />If you love daytime soaps or despise them this move pokes fun in all the right places.
critique742 I don't think the world was ready for this film. I know I wasn't. I'd been expected a standard low-budget schlock exploitation potboiler. Instead I got the most intelligent reworking of Shakespeare since Peter Greenaway's "Prospero's Books". This should become the definitive film version of Romeo And Juliet. It won't of course. But that's the world's loss.
critique743 Possibly the best John Travolta role ever. Saturday Night Fever was a great movie & role but a LONG time ago. I can't think of many of his movies or roles I've even liked and it's easy to think of rotten ones. He can do meanies like in Pulp Fiction but he makes the perfect funky angel and it's hard to imagine anyone doing a better (equally slobby) job with it. Plot summaries are available everywhere but the plot isn't the point. Just go for the ride and enjoy the cleverness of the little funnies along the way. There is nothing to dislike about this movie unless one is searching for something profound. I wish there were more movies like this. We need a break from deep or awesome or grisly or complex or hysterical.
critique744 I've been watching Attack Of The Show religiously for about 6 months (maybe longer but not much). I was very infatuated with Olivia and I found Kevin to be very witty and the repertoire between them very good. Lately though it's starting to wear thin due to many factors for me. First my favorite segment is the first 15 minutes called Around The Net that shows 5 video clips that you would find on a site like Youtube that are generally funny or of people getting hurt inadvertently (some intentionally). Umm this when watched 4 to 5 times a week shows again and again the same stuff I really haven't seen anything that good and I can only laugh at people actually probably breaking their necks and being paralyzed so many times. The show is like a Late Show wanna be/Colbert Report wanna be with it's politics also if you do not live in a blue state and are not an automatic liberal this humor gets old also McCain is old yeah yeah whatever. Libs have no guts to make fun of themselves because they are not smart enough to realize that would endear themselves as having a sense of humor that they can laugh at themselves so it's almost every show bash McCain or Palin sheesh. So we get the same old vids of people getting hurt that we are supposed to keep laughing at and then some leftist political humor that never laugh's at itself out of it's own weakness. I'll keep watching since I watch at work and it's all that's on hoping that I'll be entertained but it is getting somewhat old. I did like the fill in host's of Chris and Alison though they were actually a good change of pace; maybe this show could do a rotating host thing. Olivia who I thought at times in the beginning was really funny has resorted to this constant pouting response and it's getting old lol. 7 of 10; it will keep you in a young mindset which is good if you're a younger Baby Boomer like me (mid 40's). Maybe a cartoon of the day would be another segment they should do there is a ton of stuff available they could use.
critique745 Just as the new BSG wasn't what fans of the original series were expecting Caprica may not deliver what fans of the new BSG were expecting (for the most part). It is a very interesting if not somewhat self-involved show or at least the pilot is.<br /><br />If you're looking for the big CGI thrills of the (new) BSG you'll be sorely disappointed. If you liked the drama you'll probably find something you like and maybe even identify with.<br /><br />The storyline does examine on how the Cylons were developed why Adama hates them and the origins of a monotheistic society. The writers also manage to tackle humans 'playing God(s)' and the creation or re-creation of 'human' life. It will be interesting to see how this plays out.<br /><br />I found it to plod along in some parts and too preachy in others but all in all it was promising. A small part of me wishes (or hopes) there might be some minor inklings of BSG in there (aside from the back story I mentioned) but that would probably convolute the storyline too much. Like BSG I'll have to wait and see if Caprica grows on me but it's way too early to tell.<br /><br />It would really easy to chalk this up as a failure if you compare it to the previous series but I'm willing to give it a chance. Overall I thought it was interesting enough to make me see how the actual series is before 'throwing in the (proverbial) towel'.
critique746 Never had I seen such a powerful true story movie. I discovered a city a country a lost revolution and even a Nobel prize winner thanks to this masterpiece of cinema.<br /><br />If you haven't seen this movie you can't say you've seen anything .<br /><br />A great lesson of courage humility and life.<br /><br />I haven't seen anything as good since.<br /><br />T.E. Saturday January 9th 1999
critique747 This film is Engaging and Complex while maintaining simple beauty .Our two characters come together sharing the base of curiosity and loneliness but it is a springboard for learning these people they 're life styles and pasts which support this.<br /><br />The two lead actors (Bohl Brundruge) were in the moment as any two actors I have ever seen. %100 believable they transport the audience seemingly effortlessly into their world. The actors' seamless acting teamed with Bechard's Beautiful realistic dialog and his truthful direction drives the story forward into a striking and moving finale.This film is visual treat- soft increasing the intensity of The story. The soundtrack serenades the viewer soothing yet drawing out the emotional content of the film. I find this project to be nothing short of a masterpiece. intriguing.intense.
critique748 Saw this movie twice at community screenings and really loved it. I work in the Jane Finch community and feel the film really captured some of the essence and flavour of the community - grit determination exuberance creativity in your faceness with a dose of desperation. The writing dialogue and acting is solid and I really found myself drawn into the story of the young woman Raya as she struggles to pursue her goals and not lose herself in the process. Great dance sequences and it is not only the bodies that move smoothly and with electricity but the camera moves with great fluidity and intelligence as well. All the characters are multi dimensional - none wholly good or bad and the women characters are admirably strong. This is a film that has a strong beating heart and celebrates the irrepressible spirit of youth hip hop and communities like Jane Finch.
critique749 An example of genius filmaking. The epic story of three major stages of life for a young boy told with eloquence and raw fearlessness. Rarely does a film come along that causes me to out loud say during most of the viewing "this is a really good film...." again and again. That is exactly what happened when I watched this film. I really do not understand how anyone could not like it. I found myself at moments crying and laughing at the very same moment unable to control how I felt about the scene. The acting is outstanding. Eric Mabius- why is he not all over movie screens? He was really extraordinary. His seemingly effortless attempt on the screen impacted me in deep visceral ways. I thank him. In my opinion Eric Schaeffer is one of the best filmakers around and I hope he continues to rise to the challenges that he faces while trying to give us art in the face of ferocious commercial filmaking.<br /><br />
critique750 With an opening segment that imitates the music and cinematography of Todd Haynes's Safe (1995) David Lynch uses dream myth and warped notions of reality to tell the fractured story of a failed bit-part Hollywood actress/waitress Diane Selwyn let down by fame and her own demons and obsessed with Camilla Rhodes who is engaged to hotshot director Adam Kesher.<br /><br />The film effectively takes place in Diane's drug-fueled head; we are witness to her crazy distortions her wish-fulfillments regrets obsessions and fears. Using the dream narrative as a way of presenting two notions of reality in conflict Lynch does not simplify the opposition between reality and fantasy but actively entangles them. The last 45 minutes are as dream-like as what came before; and the troublesome air of detached otherworldly ambiguity still pervades fracturing the seemingly secure distinction between reality and dream we expect to see in films about nightmares and dreams.<br /><br />Lynch's film borrows from many films old and new but ultimately is a film unlike any other with the exception of the director's own Lost Highway and Blue Velvet. It constantly challenges the viewer to interpret what is seen not only intuitively but intellectually. Yet it is not as pretentious as one would have imagined because Lynch makes us sympathize with the protagonist despite her murderous deeds - an element that was missing in all of his other films except the Straight Story. He does this by presenting Diane's dream alter-ego Betty as a wholesome Canadian farm girl destined for fame. Lynch also presents us with an intriguing story that affirms and negates in equal measure. Are Camilla and Diane really lovers or just friends? Who is the blue-lady? What does she signify? Who is the bum behind Winkies? What is the significance of the rotting corpse at Sierra Bonita? Does Aunt Ruth really exist? Is silencio an abstraction of hell or perhaps a self-referential take on the film's status as fiction? Lynch isn't prepared to answer any question he poses choosing instead to present his "love story in the city of dreams" as a set of interconnected abstractions and motifs.<br /><br />The acting is top rate especially Naomi Watts as Diane Selwyn/Betty who is yet to eclipse this performance. Laura Harring has the requisite Hayworthesque allure as Camilla/Rita while Adam Theroux as Adam brings an freewheeling arrogance and sublimated paranoid aggression to his role. It was staggering and a grave injustice that not one of them was even nominated for an Academy Award.<br /><br />This is a film that demands to be seen and analyzed closely. The mystery at the heart of the film remains in Lynch's hands but half the fun is finding consistent ideas from the maze of seeming incongruities that he presents. Upon closer inspection there is a definite sense of a puzzle perhaps an incomplete jigsaw that teases us with closure but denies the imaginary plenitude of narrative coherence. Ultimately this is Lynch's key film.
critique751 But if you like the muppets I defy you to dislike this one. Basically the same plot regurgitated (this time New York not LA) it features a lot of fun cameos and muppet hi-jinx. A lot of the muppets leave the film pretty early on as it centers around Kermy and Miss Piggy. I happened to have enjoyed it greatly. Fun to watch with your kids.
critique752 Erotic cinema of the 1970's was tame compared to the triple X romps of today which is good. Because there is a good story around the naked rituals and sex scenes. Of course I wish that they had some vampire effects which they had at the time period and the sex did get in the way of the story a little. Plus some of the accents were hard to understand at time periods but it's worth watching the unedited version then the edited up version which is titled THE DEVIL'S PLAYTHING. But if you don't care for allot of naked women dancing and having sex then this isn't the movie for you. However I did enjoy it and I give it...7 STARS.
critique753 seriously people need to lighten up and just accept that funny is funny and this movie is f**king hilarious. Better than the first and Knoxville really grew a pair for this film and did way more crazier stunts then the first. If Ebert and Roper(not saying that I'm a huge fan of theirs) can look past the pure idiocy of this film enough to give it 2 thumbs up then i think other people can to. I wasn't sure what to expect from this but i was floored and it is rare when a sequel is better than the original. This new one I believe exceeds the first big time. so do what i didjust relax kick back try not to barf at some points and laugh your ass off.
critique754 This show is sheer entertainment and doesn't try to be a Greek drama. It certainly contains elements of one what with all the plot twists but it's immensely engaging and fun. Las Vegas is the perfect setting for a show and they will certainly never have a lack of material to work with! Anything and Everything DOES happen there! The actors in this show are extremely personable and you really do want to see what they are up to and into each week. The show is also very funny. The humor arises from the characters and situations. Not just thrown in gratuitously. It's a well-crafted show in that regard. It certainly makes me look forward to Friday nights and I'm glad I now own the first two seasons on DVD!
critique755 I watched the first series avidly but wondered whether I'd go back again after a lengthy break from it. However I tuned into episode one of Series 2 and was hooked all over again. This really is excellent telly; ground-breaking stuff like Mission:Impossible back in the 1960s. The characters are well rounded and expand as the series goes on they change as they adapt - some more readily than others - to their new surroundings but they cleverly remain strictly in character and yet it is more than possible to have sympathy for someone whom you wouldn't have thought you could ever feel sorry for when something really crushing happens to them. I hope there will be many years of 'Lost' to look forward to - and I don't actually mind all that much if I never get answers to all the mysteries!
critique756 Eddie Murphy spends his time looking for lost children so when a very special magical child is kidnapped in Tibet the sexy Charlotte Lewis asks for his help to rescue this child from the clutches of evil itself.<br /><br />Although the story is a bit silly it never quite feels corny despite the hilarity of the comedy throughout the film; Charles Dance off-sets the comedy with his very serious and dark characterisation of the evil that holds the child hostage.<br /><br />The Golden Child is very funny action packed and really quite compelling in a charming almost magical way.<br /><br />7/10 Great for all generations.
critique757 In all honesty if someone told me the director of Lemony Snicket's Series of Unfortunate Events City of Angels and Caspers was going to do a neat little low budget indie film and that'd it be real good I'd say that person must be joking. But that's what director Brad Siberling did. And it was really good.<br /><br />"10 Items or Less" has a similar conceit to films like "Before Sunrise" "Lost in Translation" or more recently "Once." It involves the chance meeting of two people who if serendipity didn't put them there they'd probably never cross paths or if they did they wouldn't say word one to each other. Like those films "10 Items or Less" focuses on the relationship that builds and how the characters come to understand each other and build on each other's strengths and weaknesses.<br /><br />The story involves Morgan Freeman playing an unnamed actor who goes to research his role as a grocery store employee for an upcoming independent movie and because of things beyond his control ends up spending the day with the lady in the 10 items or less lane played by Paz Vega. She has a rotten marriage and is hoping to land a new job as a secretary. Initially Freeman's character just needs a lift home. After spending time with her however he wants to get to know her and maybe even offer her some advice.<br /><br />Brad Siberling builds the characters almost entirely through the exchanges between Freeman and Vega. The plot is merely a setup for these two characters to interact with each other for most of the film's 80 minute duration. Freeman has fun with his character as he appears an outsider in lower class world that Vega's character Scarlett inhabits. Vega in the meantime grows beyond the stubborn checkout clerk upset with her life's situation looking to move on.<br /><br />There a couple things that really stood out in this film. First of all Siberling has probably taken note from independent cinema to make sure the relationship is sincere and doesn't fall into any Hollywood pitfalls. It's a very mutual friendship that develops convincingly throughout the film. It works even though the situation itself does seem a little inconceivable.<br /><br />I am also impressed with the performances. While Freeman's presence gives this film credibility from the get-go he shows a certain amount of charm and fun not usually seen from him. Paz Vega meanwhile is priming herself for a breakthrough in US film sometime in the future. I loved her in Spanglish and she's equally good here as the tough no-nonsense Scarlet. Towards the end of the film she successfully conveys the growth of her character. I'm looking forward to seeing her in more films.<br /><br />Overall 10 Items of Less functions best as a character piece well scripted and directed by Brad Siberling. He hasn't done much writing and his feature film work has consisted mostly of big Hollywood films. Yet there's certainly an artist at work here and am anxious to see if he'll take this road again.
critique758 This was the best Muppet movie I've seen ever! I happen to know that Miss Piggy's fantasy of meeting as infants was the cause of Muppet Babies. The songs will remain in my head forever. Only saying so because that stupid Nickelodeon show Hey Dude song still remains in my head. Sorry a little off the topic there. But anyway what I like is Animal after the credits saying "Bye Bye! Bye Bye! Bye Bye! Bye Bye! Bye Bye! Hasta Luego!" That made me laugh so hard. My absolute favorite is the play at the end. I was surprised that the Sesame Street characters popped in at the wedding. I'm just glad this movie was very entertaining. I borrowed it from the library and now I have bought it because I can't keep the library's copy forever. In conclusion I proclaim this is the best movie I've ever seen! In my case it's even better than Austin Powers in Goldmember which was my favorite movie!
critique759 Despite Louis B. Mayer reportedly not being interested in signing the young Greta Garbo to a contract this first American and MGM film for the actress looked quite beautiful. It's obvious that the film was assigned some amazing talent to film the production and make matte paintings as it has all the nice polish and artfulness you'd expect from the best pictures the studio could produce. It simply looks beautiful--even 84 years later.<br /><br />As for Garbo herself like her other very early American films she too looks different. While she's quite recognizable her makeup is much softer than it would become just a year later--giving her a less severe look and a gentleness about her you just didn't see in subsequent films. I kind of wish they'd kept this look but considering how famous she'd become with the trademark look who am I to say they shouldn't have gone that route?! The film is about Garbo and how she and her family are unfairly forced off their land by the landlord. While the landlady the much esteemed DoÃƒÂ±a Bernarda claims it's because the bank has demanded payment it's because her son has fallen for Garbo--and what better way to get rid of her than to force them out on the streets! Nice lady huh?! Years pass and by now Garbo has become a new singing sensation who is world-famous. When she returns to her hometown years later her old boyfriend (who HAD promised to marry her but wimped out when his mother DoÃƒÂ±a Bernarda refused to allow it) sees her. His new love for another lady is now tested--will he be content to marry this lady who is the heir to a huge pig fortune or will he want his old flame? And more importantly will Garbo even take him back after he behaved so spinelessly? In the meantime a huge rainstorm hits. The land begins to flood and homes soon are being washed away by the deluge. Cortez and a friend make a mad dash as the dam breaks! In a scene where they obviously superimposed his row boat over the cascading stream he eventually makes it out alive and to the home where Garbo is now staying. She welcomes them inside and they stay with her until the storm passes. Then he admits that he still loves her and had braved the storm to make sure that she was safe. She tells him to get lost! Next you see Ricardo about to get married to his second choice the daughter of the Pork King. He obviously has little enthusiasm for this--and you feel sorry for the lady as she did nothing wrong. Soon Cortez is seen wandering back to Garbo's home--he's love-sick and needs her. In this scene Garbo is quite luminous and can't tell him to leave--as they dissolve in each other's arms. Once again he tells her of his love for her.<br /><br />When DoÃƒÂ±a Bernarda learns of this she is not pleased. Evidently a Pork Queen is a better catch than an internationally known singer. Because of the meddling of this nasty old lady Garbo leaves--unwilling to come between the mother and her wimpy son. But Cortez comes running--announcing he MUST have her and won't rest until he has her as his wife. Moments after making this proclamation a family friend talks to Cortez and convinces him to give her up for the good of his career and reputation. So much for "won't rest until he has her for his wife" huh?! Despite Cortez being a wimp through and through for some reason she cannot bring herself to hate him. And so he marries the Pork Queen and lives a very dull life. When years later Garbo meets Cortez again he is a dull looking middle-aged man--while she is as beautiful as ever. And not surprisingly she tells him once again to get lost.<br /><br />At the time this film was made Garbo was not a star in the US and Cortez was. So in light of this it's surprising they gave Cortez such an unlikable character to play. Instead of the usual confident Valentino-like role they'd been giving him here he is an indecisive wimp--a HUGE wimp. And from here on his career was on a slow downward spiral. As for Garbo the role helped establish her as a big star--as she was THE focus of the film and played a character much like her later personas.<br /><br />As for the film the new music composed for it was very nice though a tad repetitive. The print oddly was nearly perfect throughout except for the intertitle cards--which could use some restoration.<br /><br />A most enjoyable film--expertly constructed wistful and worth seeing. And for one of the few times I can think of it I have no real complaints in this excellent film.
critique760 Leonard Maltin must've been watching some other movie. (Though I find his Guide to be quite a valuable resource please disregard his comments on this one.) He states "starts off well then fizzles" when it's really the reverse - "starts off tepid then catches fire". The plot is about as simple as it gets. Happy Mom Happy Dad and Happy Son take a vacation at an isolated beach Dad incapacitated in accident Mom runs off to get help meets up with dangerous escaped convict. Mom tries to trick convict into helping while Dad waits and hangs on for dear life.<br /><br />Good white-knuckler given an electric jolt by Ralph Meeker appearing suddenly (the director John Sturges films it in a clever way that will make you gasp) around halfway through as the cunning desperate criminal. Meeker is an unusually flippant reckless actor (at least here and in the classic "Kiss Me Deadly") and he happily snatches the keys to the film's narrative and speeds off with the top down. His character has a habit of grinning childishly and saying "Pretty neat huh?" when he's especially pleased with his misdeeds. There is a funny break in the action when they get a flat tire and he tersely instructs his hostage Barbara Stanwyck "Don't go away". She fires back "Where would I go?" (they're in the middle of nowhere) and he realizes sitcom-ishly "Yeah that's right". The friction between them is a hoot.<br /><br />There are flaws somewhat ridiculous ones. There's one scene where the police who have been chasing after Meeker for some time stop Stanwyck's car and to evade detection Meeker rests his head on her shoulder like a loving husband supposedly would and pretends to be asleep as she's being questioned. A. He looks conspicuously un-masculine in this pose and B. I think it's safe to say that any adult who appears to be asleep during an encounter with law enforcement would certainly arouse suspicion.<br /><br />Still a sturdy thriller which builds to an exciting and edifying conclusion.<br /><br />
critique761 Let's Bowl started out on local television in the Twin Cities. It came on late at night something you'd stumble across while channel surfing after your 7th bottle of Hamm's.<br /><br />Even the ads were locally produced featuring Wally outside Grumpy's Bar holding a microphone and stammering nervously -- "Ahh...over to you Steve Sedahl." Not sure why but that one always made me laugh.<br /><br />There was a bowling contest featured under the guise of settling a dispute between two bowlers but the game was secondary to the commentary and clips. Sedahl played it straight counter-balanced by Rich Kronfeld's bizarre and hilarious "Wally Hotvedt." Highlights included segments like "How to Properly Dispose of an Old Bowling Ball" (chuck them into a lake) and "Tips on Dating" where the duo "date" a couple of hookers and Wally ends with the bitter complaint "I could have done that myself!" <br /><br />Another segment -- what the duo did on their days off -- featured Steve in beer can strewn hovel pigging out from the fridge while Wally struggled to climb the cliffs at Taylor's Falls dressed in his tight pale blue blazer and over-sized headphones. Hilarious! <br /><br />Wally's awestruck comments about "league bowlers" and his struggle to apply the correct euphemism to various splits were also highlights.<br /><br />"Let's Bowl" was picked up by Comedy Central and had some good moments but the network never really knew what to do with it running it during prime time and emphasizing the bowling "competition" which was never the point of the show. The constant commercials interrupted the flow and the side characters (Ernie the Pig Butch etc.) were more distractions than anything else. The whole thing seemed rushed and kind of forced. Even Jon Stewart dissed Let's Bowl on the Daily Show -- (not enough lame snide jokes?) -- an ignominious treatment for a show that deserved far better.<br /><br />How often does a "Let's Bowl" come along in the world of modern television a locally flavored mix of comedic genius and total crap? The networks have the "total crap" part down cold but it's a sad thing to watch them kill such a dark strange funny little gem like "Let's Bowl." <br /><br />Here's hoping they'll put it out on DVD.
critique762 I think this is one of the best tamil movies i've seen in a while. i love the fact that it doesn't revolve around a guy and girl falling in love and they made the movie brilliantly. The cast did a great job and i especially congratulate the litte girl. She was brilliant and really brought out the feeling of an adopted child searching for her real mother. Best of all are the songs beautiful music and moving lyrics. There are some great songs in this move ya'll! especially 'Kannathil Mutthamittal' and 'Velai Pookal'. Great songs both of them. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to enjoy a good cry and some great acting (and superb songs! ). Cheers Simran.
critique763 This movie was to me a fairly enjoyable watch I mean it wasn't great but it was one of the better horror movies of late. It seems to have been low almost state benefit budget size but it has it's charms like the lovely ladies in it. The atmosphere was good also (which is what is missing froma hell of a lot of horror movies these days). The acting was your typical 80's low budget affair that being in case you don't know is that it is "dud" acting. But that is what Lucio Fulci's movies were full of they like this movie had atmosphere what they were lacking in storyline and money etc. They more than made up for in the horror & gore & atmosphere for the movie it's self.<br /><br />It is just a typical low budget horror movie that is watchable I watched it all the way and I love horror movies. I've seen movies where I just turn off within 10 to 20 minutes or sit and fast forward it if it's on video or skip scene's on the DVD. This movie didn't make me want to do that I sat and watched it all the way to the end without wanting to skip parts.<br /><br />I would have liked it however if the zombie type folk in this were a little more scarier as they were about as scary as having Freddy Kreuger as your babysitter not. But seriously though if they were a little better it would have been low budget perfection maybe.<br /><br />The music in this movie was top notch stuff ideal horror music so it was. I've seen horror movies where the music is good or average but it could have been better thank goodness though this movie didn't have nay of the Metal music in it.<br /><br />I've been a die-hard Metal fan since 1990 but in horror movies metal music spoils it the movie looses atmosphere a lot when any type of music other than a score is playing. So i'm glad there was no music in this movie other than just your typical score which was rather creepy well done.<br /><br />It could have use "Profane Grace - Epitaph Of Shattered Dreams" on it though. As it is keyboard music no guitars no nothing except "really" creepy keyboard tracks. Like track one "Forever Sleep" you hear the wind blowing all the way through it and some goose bump inducing keyboard music that follows it. Ever track on that cd is the same ideal horror music at it's best it would have suited this movie perfectly.<br /><br />The only unattractive chick in the movie to me was the one who got chibbed/killed (or so we are led to believe) and hung up as a scarecrow only to get free and try to escape later. Every other woman in the movie was lovely indeed a big 9 out of 10 for them all except the one I mentioned above.<br /><br />I wish that Hollywood (mainstream side of things) would give money to Romero and the guy who made this movie. As giving it to them for movies is way better a decision made than giving it to a goon muppet called Paul Anderson of the "resident evil" mince.<br /><br />Well done guys it is not bad not bad at all I loved the part at the end credits when they kept showing you clips of them making the movie (behind the scene's) Not many movies do this kind of thing which I thought added a little to the movie as it also showed you some outtakes of sorts and that's always a good thing if you ask me.<br /><br />Rating for this movie 8/10 rating for the lovely ladies in the movie 9/10 rating for the atmosphere in the movie 9/10 rating for the score for the film 9.5/10.
critique764 Soldier may not have academy acting or Lucas special effects but it definitely does it for me. I won't tell you what its about I'm sure you already read the summary. This is a great doomed futureistic action/science fiction movie. Kurt Russell doesn't say much he usually has an eerie or drone look on his face but it fits the character. There are great action and fight scenes; some of the scenes are unrealistic but thats Hollywood make believe land that we should have to escape our normal lives. I have not seen Soldier 2 but this one it one of my favorites. I'm lucky enough to have a wife that digs on guy movies; we both love this movie and recommend it to anyone who likes tough guy/sci-fi movies.
critique765 In late 1800s San Francisco poor well-dressed Errol Flynn (as James J. Corbett) works at a bank and enjoys attending local "fights" (boxing) with co-worker and drinking buddy Jack Carson (as Walter Lowrie). One day pretty Alexis Smith (as Victoria Ware) walks into the "Comstock Bank" where Mr. Flynn works. Flynn is so taken with Ms. Smith's elegant beauty he offers to carry her withdrawal purse. Smith is secretly taken with the handsome Flynn but is put off by his brashness.<br /><br />Flynn's good deed (actually pick-up attempt) gets him a complimentary membership in the snooty "Olympic Club" which conveniently includes a gymnasium (with boxing equipment). However Flynn's presumptuous manner and practical joking (he tickles men on the parallel bars) irritates "Club" members. When an English boxing champ visits the club members endeavor to get Flynn to fight the man. They are hopeful Flynn will resign humiliated by his defeat - but Flynn wins! <br /><br />First time producer Robert Buckner puts together a nice package for Warner Brothers and director Raoul Walsh. Mr. Buckner was certainly basking in the success of his contribution (screenplay) to the studio's brilliant "Yankee Doodle Dandy". Unfortunately this story is positively ludicrous. There was a "Gentleman Jim" - this story is supposedly the filming of the real James J. Corbett's autobiography "The Roar of the Crowd" - but this movie must be significantly fictionalized.<br /><br />Flynn is a very appealing leading man; he maneuvers the script lightly and should have been recognized by the early 1940s as an excellent actor. Many of Flynn's characterizations were (are?) overlooked as great performances and this is one of them. Smith does well as his feminine interest deftly transmitting her emotions for the viewer. Director Walsh makes the silliness look smooth and extravagant. The supporting cast is a treasure trove from boisterous Alan Hale (as Pat Corbett) to walk-on Lon McCallister ("Paging Mr. Corbett").<br /><br />******** Gentleman Jim (1942) Raoul Walsh ~ Errol Flynn Alexis Smith Alan Hale
critique766 Talk about a dream cast - just two of the most wonderful actors who ever appeared anywhere - Peter Ustinov and Maggie Smith - together - in "Hot Millions" a funny quirky comedy also starring Karl Malden Robert Morley and Bob Newhart. Ustinov is an ex-con embezzler who gets the resume of a talented computer programmer (Morley) and takes a position in a firm run by Malden - with the goal of embezzlement in mind. It's not smooth sailing; he has attracted the attention of his competitor at the company played by Newhart and his neighbor Maggie Smith (who knows him at their place of residence under another name) becomes his secretary for a brief period. She can't keep a job and she is seen throughout the film in a variety of employment - all ending with her being fired. When Newhart makes advances to her she invites Ustinov over to her flat for curry as a cover-up but the two soon decide they're made for each other. Of course she doesn't know Ustinov is a crook.<br /><br />This is such a good movie - you can't help but love Ustinov and Smith and be fascinated by Ustinov's machinations his genius and the ways he slithers out of trouble. But there's a twist ending that will show you who really has the brains. Don't miss this movie set in '60s London. It's worth if it only to hear Maggie Smith whine "I've been sacked."
critique767 If you wish to see Shakespeare's masterpiece in its entirety I suggest you find this BBC version. Indeed it is overlong at four and a half hours but Jacoby's performance as Hamlet and Patrick Stewart's as Claudius are well worth the effort.<br /><br />It never ceases to amaze me how clear "Hamlet" is when you see it in its length and order as set down by the Bard. Every film version of "Hamlet" has tinkered with its structure. Olivier concentrated on Hamlet's indecision Gibson on his passions. Jacoby is able to pull all of these aspects of Hamlet's character together with the aid of Shakespeare's full script.<br /><br />Why does Hamlet not kill Claudius immediately? Hamlet says "I am very proud revengeful ambitious..." Hamlet is extremely upset not only for his father's death (and suspected murder) or his mother's marriage to his uncle but also and mostly because Claudius has usurped the throne belonging to Hamlet. He is furious at his mother for marrying Claudius (marriages between royal kin is not unknown; done for political reasons) but that her marriage solidified Claudius' claim to the throne before he could return from Wittenburg to claim it for himself. He is therefore impotent to do anything about it. And this is true even after he hears his father's ghost cry vengeance. He cannot simply kill the King or he will lose the throne in doing so. He must "out" the King's secret and here is the tragedy! At the moment Hamlet is successful in displaying Claudius' guilt in public he has opportunity to kill him and does not. WHY? He wants it ALL! He wants revenge the throne AND the damnation of Claudius' soul in hell. Hamlet OVERREACHES himself in classic tragic form. His own HUBRIS is his undoing. He kills Polonius thinking it is Claudius and the rest of the play spirals down to the final deaths of Rosencrantz Guildenstern Ophelia Laertes Gertrude Claudius and Hamlet himself.
critique768 Insisting that Martin Luther King's inspirational spirit resides not just in American civil liberties but inside the hearts and minds of people everywhere Danish helmer Niels Arden Oplev transplants this belief to a 1969 Danish middle school. More specifically it works its way into the crusade of a young boy named Frits (Janus Dissing Rathke) against his oppressively rigid and churlishly abusive headmaster Svendsen (Bent Mejding). Adapted from a true story the performances are executed with certain aplomb and a refreshing command over its varied characters keeps it involving. A battle of ideologies between a 13 year-old and a demented disciplinarian gives way to inherent humour but awkward shifts in mood disorients despite keeping it shrewdly cynical in the same vein as a "Dead Poets Society" more than a "Matilda". It treads a familiar path but a continued and precise service to its young protagonist including a personal subplot that rounds off Frits as a young boy becoming a young man manages to raise the film into a rousing family film with its nose right on the money.
critique769 this movie makes me laugh by even just thinking about it. such a smart comedy! very precise yet easy. the casting can not be any better. all actors are the best choice of their roles and they all play precisely the best and there is no stupid laughs or shouting through out the whole movie. layers and the progress of story work perfectly together and the rhythm flow smoothly. the greatest of all is when the Village People's YMCA is cued in it brings out the importance of the Indian's statute which was only briefly brought up previously in the movie which makes the smartest and funniest climax among many comedies. I give it a ten especially a lot of times comedies are so underrated.
critique770 Carla is a secretary who is essentially deaf without her hearing aids. When she finds herself overloaded at work she is able to hire Paul to help her out. Paul is just out of jail and his past is not entirely behind him. To say too much more about the story which has many twists would be a mistake.<br /><br />The most interesting thing about this film for me is how sound is used to indicate when Carla can hear and when she can't -- a sort of "point of hear" (like point of view). The early scenes that set this up as well as the early character development of Carla and Paul was more interesting to me than the twists and turns later on some of which were hard to follow and/or stretched credibility a bit. There is also some unpleasant violence. Back to the positive side the cinematography was very good.<br /><br />The film is worth seeing but perhaps not seeking out. Seen at the San Francisco International Film Festival on 4/28/2002.
critique771 I rated this a ten just because I find it so impressive what a single eighteen year old can do with a video camera. It's no epic but it's plenty engaging and I was never bored. If tens of millions of dollars can go into the countless bad films that are poured out en masse then give this director the same amount of money and see what happens. I know I'll be lining up at the local cinema for her first major release. Damn good job and well worth the money. What a script! It might be low budget but it beats the hell out of half the major pictures I've seen lately. Nanavati knows how to tell a story both in writing and on screen. Serious kudos to her can't wait to see more.
critique772 I don't agree with one of the reviewers who compared this film to the American International Pictures. Basil Deardon has directed a brutally realistic film with an honest attempt to portray the rise of juvenile delinquency in post war England (but without the sentimentality of "Blackboard Jungle"). The cinematography was excellent as it really captured the scariness and isolation of the huge housing estate. The estate looked like an old prison. Stanley Baker was excellent as the hardened detective reassigned to the juvenile division - "Urgent urgent - Larceny - five iced lollies"!!!! He finds he is the butt of many jokes. David McCallum showed that he was one of Britain's top young talents of the fifties. (He had a very different role in another Stanley Baker film "Hell Drivers"). His portrayal of Johnny and the fanatical following he inspired was very frightening. Ann Heywood was also very good as the cynical Cathie. I wouldn't say there was a romantic subplot in it.<br /><br />Detective Jack Truman is investigating a string of arson attacks by someone labeled the "Firefly". Just as he finds evidence which could lead to a breakthrough he is assigned to the Juvenile Division - he is pretty disgusted at what he feels is not proper police work. Amid all the heckling he gets his first call out - the 6 year old Murphy twins are working a scam at the local lolly shops!!!<br /><br />Taking the twins home he meets their brother the charismatic Johnny and their embittered sister Cathie. He starts to appreciate how life on the ghastly housing estates can turn young kids into criminals. As he gets more involved with the family he realises there is a strong link between the fires Johnny and a frightened Chinese youth who works for a laundry. The local priest (Peter Cushing in an unusual role away from the Hammer horrors) explains that when Johnny was younger he had rescued some people from a burning building and had been hailed a hero. He wanted to recapture the feeling of importance and being useful and felt he could by lighting fires. The school siege was filmed in a very real way and the viewer felt the children's fear - the teacher (thinking only of her own safety) runs off and locks them in the room with the frightened gunman!!!!<br /><br />I thought it was a really excellent film that tried to show some of the social problems Britain experienced after the war.<br /><br />Highly Recommended.
critique773 Although most Americans have little knowledge of his work other than Star Wars Alec Guinness produced an amazing body of work--particularly in the 1940s-1950s--ranging from dramas to quirky comedies. I particularly love his comedies as they are so well-done and seem so natural and real on the screen--far different from the usual fare from Hollywood.<br /><br />This being said this was the film that sparked my interest in these movies. It's plot was so odd and cute that it is very unlikely the film would have been made anywhere--except for Ealing Studios--which had a particular fondness for "little" films like this one.<br /><br />Guinness is a nerdy little scientist that works for a textile company. He wants to experiment in order to create a synthetic fabric that is indestructible though he is not working for the company as a researcher but for janitorial work! So he tends to sneak into labs (either during the day if no one suspects or at night) and try his hand at inventing. Repeatedly he is caught (such as after he blew up the lab) and given the boot until one day he actually succeeds! Then despite the importance of the discovery he sets off a completely unanticipated chain of events--and then the fun begins.<br /><br />The film is a wonderful satire that pokes fun at industry unions the government and people in general.
critique774 The movie is a very good movie.one of the best from Yash raj films.The direction is incredible.The screenplay is brilliant.The story is excellent.It tells about Rahul who is obssed of Kiran his college friend.He is a full blown psycho doing things like talking to his mother on a phone(anyway she died 15 years back) etc.Kiran is engaged to Sunil.Rahul does everything so he can get her.He even trys to kill Sunil but he survives it.He even goes to the place where they are going to their honeymoon.The movie is every nes delight.Shahrukh is superbJuhi is fairly goodSunny is averageAnupham is okay and so is TanviDalip did good.The movie belongs to Srk.The dialogues are brilliant(Shahrukh ones and a lot if not the overacting and comedy)."Jaadu Teri Nazar" and "Tu Mere Samne" are absolutely melodious tracks.
critique775 Gulliver's Travels is at the beginning a satiric novel written by a great misanthropist called Jonathan Swift. So it is not recommended to judge of this movie just by itself. We must go deeper into Man's conscience to get to the point where Swift would have lead us. Gulliver has lived a voyage of truthfulness of solitude of apprehension of what may be his true life. We cannot just sit and watch that movie saying it is so cutie or so boring. The matter is far beyond that and I would like everyone to expect that. This is the greatest movie ever as far as you can feel the truths that emerge from Ted Danson's character: the unforgettable Lemuel Gulliver.
critique776 What's Good About It: Some inventive and genuinely creepy little effects that will get under the skin of even the most seasoned horror fan. Doesn't rely on the hackneyed soundtrack stabs for its "gotcha" moments. Even if you've seen everything there's still a few things in this film that will make your jaw drop.<br /><br />What Could Have Been Better About It: The acting was at times flat and unconvincing. It had a "shot-on-video" quality in some places (thoughit mostly achieved the atmosphere it was striving for) and the camera work is full of needless close-ups of meaningless actions. Though the effects are genuinely creepy I think they may have gone to the well a few too many times with some of them. The ending seemed rushed and glossed over what could have been more impactful moments. The viewer is left to figure out a lot of things for themselves not as a challenge by the filmmakers but because they just missed it.<br /><br />Still a good little indie horror film that is easily several steps above the average. Well worth the rental.
critique777 Originally filmed in 1999 as a TV pilot "Mulholland Dr." was rejected. The next year David Lynch received money to film new scenes to make the movie suitable to be shown in theaters. He did so - and created one of the greatest most bizarre and nightmarish films ever made.<br /><br />The film really doesn't have main characters but if there were main characters they would be Betty (Naomi Watts) and Rita (Laura Elena Harring). Betty is a perky blonde who's staying in her aunt's apartment while she auditions for parts in movies. She finds Rita in her aunt's apartment and decides to help her. You see Rita's lost her memory. She has no clue who she is. She takes her name Rita from a "Gilda" poster in the bathroom. So the two set out to discover who Rita really is.<br /><br />David Lynch has been known for making some weird movies but this film is the definition of weird. It's bizarre nightmarish and absolute indescribable. It's like a dream captured on film. By the 100-minute point the film has become extremely confusing - but if you've been watching closely it will make perfect sense. Having watched the movie and then read an article on the Internet pointing out things in the film I now understand the movie completely.<br /><br />The acting is very good. Watts is terrific. Justin Theroux is very good as a Hollywood director facing problems with the local mob. The music is excellent. Angelo Badalamenti delivers one of his finest scores. And the directing - hah! David Lynch is as masterful a filmmaker as ever there was.<br /><br />Is this your type of film? Well that depends. You should probably view more of Lynch's work before watching this movie. You'll need to be patient with the film and probably watch it a second time to pick up the many clues Lynch has left throughout the movie. For Lynch fans this is a dream come true.<br /><br />"Mulholland Dr." is a masterpiece. It's brilliant enigmatic and masterfully filmed. I love it.
critique778 Well I've just seen Buster Keaton's film debut in Fatty Arbuckle's The Butcher Boy and-despite the crude way everything just seems to happen for almost no logical reason-I found plenty to laugh at. Like when Buster orders molasses from butcher boy Fatty Fatty makes Buster come back to pay Buster says he put it in the bucket that has the molasses Fatty dumps molasses in Buster's hat and takes money Buster takes hat back on head as it gets stuck Fatty attempts to remove it while molasses fall to floor Buster's feet are now stuck on floor and so on. That probably didn't read funny but on screen it was hilarious as were some more slapstick involving flour being thrown and a later sequence that takes place in Fatty's girlfriend's boarding school with Fatty dressed in drag and Buster helping Fatty's rival also in drag. Like I said many scenes don't make a lick of sense but the visuals especially those involving Arbuckle and Keaton are laugh inducing even today. Recommended viewing for Keaton completists.
critique779 There is a bit of trivia which should be pointed out about a scene early in the movie where Homer watches the attempt of December 6 1957 (at least that was the video used on the TV he was watching) which showed the Vangard launch attempt which failed.<br /><br />He is next shown reading or dictating a letter to Dr. Von Braun offering condolences about the failure.<br /><br />Von Braun was at Marshall space flight center in Huntsville working for the Army. The Vanguard project was by the early Nasa team which was at what soon became Goddard Space flight center.<br /><br />The army rushed the Jupiter-C which was essentially a US made V2 technology but worked to launch a satellite in response to Russia's success with Sputnik.<br /><br />This error may have actually been made by Homer because of the notoriety of Von Braun but his team didn't have their attempt fail. In fact the underlying Redstone was flying from 52 and was the first US man rated booster used for Shepard's sub orbital flight as well as Grissom's.<br /><br />This is why this sort of movie is so good as it hopefully will inspire people to read up and spot these bits of trivia and in the process see what has been done and be inspired to do more.
critique780 I wouldn't dare say this film is better than the original but it is very good in it's own right. The comedy in this film is just as good as the original though there are so many scenes that get me laughing just thinking about them.<br /><br />The story in this film is even more bizarre than the original but that's what makes it so great. Peter Hewitt does a great job directing this film with a great cast. The core cast from the original film returns to their characters in this film and all do a fantastic job with their roles. I don't care what anyone says I think Keanu Reeves is a great actor! I really enjoyed his portrayal of Ted in both of these films as I did Alex Winter's Bill. I was very happy to see George Carlin returning to the role of Rufus very cool! Hal London Jr who plays the part of Ted Logan's father does a really good job. The scene where Ted possesses his fathers body and Hal London Jr begins acting like Ted is a great scene and he pulls it off impressively well. I can't forget to mention William Sadler as Death he completely made the movie for me. The rest of the cast is quite good as well.<br /><br />If you liked the first installment of the Bill and Ted series then I would hope you would like this film as well. But don't expect it to be as good as the original. I really hope you enjoy the film thanks for reading<br /><br />-Chris
critique781 Despite all it's trappings of style and cinematic invention this is basically another serial killer thriller following the same sort of plotline favoured by such old favourites as Silence of the Lambs ? team of cops follows the trail of (particularly nasty) murders someone else gets taken and they somehow have to find out where they are before it's too late. Only in this case the only person who knows the killer himself (powerfully played by Vincent D'Onofrio) is in a coma and we need psychologist Jennifer Lopez' sci-fi mind-meld machine to get into his head and force him to tell all. This is where the film gets all new and different as we enter (via a 21st-Century CGI update of Dr Who's kaleidoscopic favourite the trendy time tunnel) a kind of Hellraiser-y weird world of scary crazy stuff going on all over the place ruled over by D'Onofrio now a kind of superking overlord of his twisted mental world inside his comatose body. The inside-the-mind sequences are well realised and often pretty stunning all the leads perform adequately the gruesomeness is to the max if you like that kind of thing but the hype around the whole thing led to a disappointment for me as I had expected something completely new and unlike anything ever done before not this fairly successful blending of serial-killer and special-effect-horror genre staples. Sometimes horrifying often pretty a fairly gripping story told with care and attention by talented film people but by no means the great leap into the unknown it has been marketed as.
critique782 What can you say about the film White Fire. Amazing? Fantastic? Disturbing? Hilarious? These words are not big enough to describe the event which is White Fire. From wobbly garbled beginning to profound end this movie will entertain throughout.<br /><br />Our movie begins in the woods of a country somewhere in the world. A family is hiding from unmarked soldiers in costume shop uniforms. When the father separates from the mother and their childen you get a real sense of what kind of movie you're about to watch. Father makes sure to roll down hills in his all white outfit and is polite as he gets people's attention before he shoots them but alas dad is burned alive in what looks like a very unsupervised unsafe stunt. Meanwhile mom and the kids are running down a beach with an armed soldier trailing about 5 feet behind them. He too gives a stern warning before action in the form of a bizarre "HALT!" and then promptly wastes the mother. This action sequence sets up the happy childhood of our heroes Bo and Ingred.<br /><br />So now we fast forward about 20 years (30 if you're honest about the hero's age) to beautiful Turkey where Bo and Ingred have settled as professional thieves or diamond prospectors or something. Ingred works at a diamond mine where she helps herself to the goods while Bo (masterfully played by the dynamic Robert Ginty) drives around the desert in his denim outfits. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They don't seem to have any friends other than each other and they spend all of their time together. That coupled with the fact that Bo has expressed his desire to sleep with his sister as evidenced in lines such as "you know its a shame you're my sister" he says to her while she's stark naked make for a very dynamic duo. Bo is then crushed when Ingrid is killed as he wanders the beaches of Turkey with his ceremonial pink grief scarf. A renewal of hope occurs when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid and gives her plastic surgery to make her look exactly like Ingrid. This opens the door for Bo to have sex with his sister without it being technically wrong. Bo is a real fan of ethical grey areas and he is overjoyed with his new love.<br /><br />So anyway there's a lot of fun action scenes ridiculous violence great acting impossible to follow plot-lines Fred "the hammer" Williamson (for some reason) and a big chunk of dirty ice which is supposed to be a giant diamond (which later explodes). All of these things are great but the Bo and Ingrid relationship is what makes this movie special....really special. So I heartily encourage everyone to behold the majesty that is White Fire. You may be glad you did..or not.
critique783 Highly recommended to all those who appreciate watching movies. Great acting perfectly surreal awkward humor requisite prison sh-t accurate depiction of the male condition. Music is also spot-on. I think the artist is "Dip" but not sure. The short loop of the title credit song on the DVD menu is well-timed and sounds like Slint. (one thing to know is that IMDb maintains a ridiculous policy of a MINIMUM comment length based on not CHARACTERS not WORDS but rather LINES. Measuring post quality and quantity based on LINES in the bold era of UNICODE and flexible web-based typography is like smoking poles.) ! Your comment does not contain enough lines - the minimum length for comments is 10 lines of text. Please see the guidelines. Attempts to pad the comment with junk words can result in your account being blocked from future submissions.
critique784 This is a funny clever film and well worth your time. In my opinion it is much better than American Pie and other films of the same genre that seem to get knocked out all the time. I hadn't heard of this film so I guess it didn't get much press which is kind of a shame. It doesn't take itself too seriously but at the same time delivers a serious message to people about life and life experiences and what is important...As opposed to a film about a bunch of desperate guys trying to get laid for the first time and one dude sticking his d**k in a pie but in the end everyone gets laid and whoop-de-do... One thing that impressed me was that the soundtrack was pretty awesome and not the usual cheesy American pop-punk...They actually had real punk from back in the day like the Ramones...That in itself made the film better! To be honest I wasn't expecting much from this film and I was pleasantly surprised at how good a comedy it is.
critique785 Ruthless evil warlord Samanosuke (superbly played to the hateful hilt by Yutaro Gomi) cruelly mistreats the peaceful residents of a small village. The giant stone statue Majin eventually comes to life to destroy Samanosuke and his wicked minions. Director Kimiyoshi Yasudo and screenwriter Tetsuro Yoshida give the compelling story all the power and simplicity of an ancient age-old legendary folktale: there's a very strong sense of an ancient time and faraway remote place (it's specifically set in feudal Japan) the good guys are noble and appealing while the villains are truly nasty and detestable the occasional stirring swordfights are staged with considerable skill and gusto the special effects are fine and impressive the serious tone and steady pace never falter for a minute and Majin's last reel rampage of savage destruction is extremely lively exciting and more than a little scary. Moreover the fantastic elements of the narrative are given substantial credibility by being firmly grounded in a throughly believable dark harsh and gritty world. This film earns bonus points for depicting Majin as more of a brutal and frightening force of angry vengeance instead of a pure spirit of absolute good. Veteran composer Akira Ifukube supplies a typically rich robust and rousing score. Fujio Morita's sharp moody cinematography likewise hits the bull's eye. The capable cast all give admirably sound and sincere performances with especially praiseworthy work by Jun Fujimaki as the valiant protective Kogenta and Tatsuo Endo as mean henchman Gunjuro. Highly recommended.
critique786 Graphics is far from the best part of the game. This is the number one best TH game in the series. Next to Underground. It deserves strong love. It is an insane game. There are massive levels massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game. Waste your money on this game. This is the kind of money that is wasted properly. And even though graphics suck thats doesn't make a game good. Actually the graphics were good at the time. Today the graphics are crap. WHO CARES? As they say in Canada This is the fun game aye. (You get to go to Canada in THPS3) Well I don't know if they say that but they might. who knows. Well Canadian people do. Wait a minute I'm getting off topic. This game rocks. Buy it play it enjoy it love it. It's PURE BRILLIANCE.
critique787 This is one of those movies that they did too much promoting for. If you watch T.V. then you might as well not watch the movie. Almost all the funny scenes are spoiled in the previews except one which just happens to be Jennifer Annisten being the funny one. It is typical Jim Carrey humor and it is really funny. Just don't go see this movie expecting to be surprised. All in all if you like Jim Carrey or comedies this is a must-see otherwise just watch the previews and you'll be just as satisfied.
critique788 The movie which was directed by Alfred Hitchcock was brilliantly made. It starts with a family of three a doctor (James Stewart) his wife (Doris Day)- who is a former stage singer and their young son- my guess is about 10 years old who are traveling through Morroco for leisure. On the bus the bump into a French government agent and they are a little too nice to him. He is killed at the marketplace after finding out the information he sought. He wants to carry this information out to someone so he goes to the only person he even slightly knows: James Stewart. The antagonists kidnap their young boy and say if he tells anything about what the agent told him his son would be killed. Stewart has to travel to London because that is where his son is and where the assasination that the agent told him about would be. The movie is very suspenseful. There are many twists and turns (typical Hitchcock movie). Also it has just the right amount of comic relief. In addition to all of that it won an Oscar for Doris Day's performance of "Que sara sara." This movie is very good. It is hard to find a problem about it. I would certainly reccomend it to all Hitchcock fans and all suspense fans. I give this movie an "A-" only because it is a little bit predictable.
critique789 This is the underrated Kellie Martin's best role. Based on a true story it tells the story of Fusia's attempt to save the members of the Diamant family and other Jews she meets over time. One of my all-time favorite movie scenes involves an heroic act by Fusia's little sister. All children should see this scene-role models like this are very few and far between. The movie is well written and acted. I am a movie lover and this movie I rate a 10 on imbd's rating system. It is on my top 25 movies of all time and should be put out on video.<br /><br />Mike Porter
critique790 Surprisingly good. The acting was fun the screenplay was fun the music was cheesie fun the plot was stupendously fun. This was a fun movie to watch and to give your brain some rest. Parts of the plot and quotes I found to be very creative. 7 out of 10. Actually for what it was it would deserve a 10 out of 10. You are not supposed to compare this to an arthouse film or to a bloody slasher film.
critique791 The idea's which are shown in this film are with a lot of care and detail and depict what a lot of people from around the world think of the American Policies not neccessarily the United States itself. It shows what most of the people around the world think about America and what the Americans dont know about themselves. 11 directors showing 11 amazing minutes each of something which will give US viewers a lot to think about when they go home after watching the movie.
critique792 Best in Show is certainly Christopher Guest's funniest and deepest movie yet. The characters are excellently portrayed and the connection of pet to owner adds a new level of comedy to the movie. I've been a fan of Guest since Spinal Tap but in this movie he has truly achieved what he set out to do in the "mock-umentary" a genre he invented and has now perfected.
critique793 The Love Letter (1999): Starring Kate Capshaw Tom Everett Scott Tom Selleck Ellen De Generes Gloria Stuart Blythe Danner Jessica Capshaw Alice Drummond Bill Buell Erik Jensen Margaret Ann Brady Walter Covell Patrick Donnelly Lucas Hall Christian Harmony Christopher Nee Breanne Smith Marilyn Rockafellow Sasha Spielberg Jack Black.....Director Peter Chan Screenplay Maria Maggenti.<br /><br />Based on the novel "The Love Letter" by Cathleen Schine Director Peter Chan's film version released in 1999 was not a big box-office draw not even for a romantic movie with some comedy elements. While it was not as popular in theaters it soon became a beloved film on cable television and on VHS/DVD. Set in a seaport town in the good old USA (I forget the exact location) this is the story of a mysterious passionately written love letter who sparks emotions and confusion among the principal characters each who think the letter is personally addressed to them. By the end of the film we don't know who the lover or the beloved is but the power of the letter has altered the lives of nearly everyone in the small town. The cast is made up of wonderful actors who have fared well on TV and film among them Kate Capshaw in the lead role of middle-aged beauty Helen a bookstore owner comedienne Ellen DeGeneres as her friend/employee Janet Hall young hottie Tom Everett Scott as Johnny the young 20 something guy who falls for the older Hellen and an older Tom Selleck as the firefighter George Matthias who must compete with Johnny for Helen's affections. There are cameo roles by veteran old Hollywood actress Gloria Stuart who is best known to modern audiences as the elderly Rose in "Titanic" (1997) and a cameo by Kate Capshaw's own daughter (with husband Steven Spielberg) Jessica Capshaw. The love triangle is between a middle-aged woman an older man and a young man each of whom feel as passionately for Helen as the writer of the mysterious letter. The conflict lies in Helen's indecision. Will she choose the right person ? Which man has the most to offer her ? Johnny is in a relationship with a girl his age who loves him with a passion all her own and is in fact a kind of reminder of what Helen was like at her age. George is in the process of divorcing his wife and has lived a worldly and eventful life. A cultured intellectual he takes Helen on an opera date where the tragic death of Puccini's ultra-Italian heroine Tosca moves Helen to explosive tears. There are lots of beautiful vistas of the charming coastal town rendered beautifully by cinematographer Tami Reiker. The score is a paradise of romantic and lovely songs - " I've Never Been In Love Before" "I'm In The Mood For Love" and "Only The Lonely". Ellen DeGeneres as Janet Hall who is consistently late to her job at Helen's bookshop who endlessly dates men without being able to find the right guy  is simply wonderful. She has not lost her comedic flair even though at this point in her career she was not appearing much on TV or film because only about two years before her hit mid-90's TV show "Ellen" was cancelled because of her "coming out" as a lesbian and the new lesbian subject matter of the show. Here you even find comedian Jack Black long before he made it big in the bit part of a fisherman. This is a moving film about human emotions and making decisions that are significant about the human need for a passionate consuming love and the general love of escapism brought not only through books letters and music but through a genuinely loving and secure relationship. This is a great film with wonderful moments and an infectious romantic spirit.
critique794 In this glorious telling of a weekend shared among literary greats. Mary and Percy ShellyLord Byron and others created a entrancing group. Showing their quests for sexual enlightenment. Personal freedoms from political to moral. Liberal drug use for both stimulations and as addiction. Their creative views of life and writing. Describing without boring the viewer how each writer seeks to find their muse. Along with the distractions and affections each share. With breathtaking scenery that does not detract but very much enhances the story. Well created characters from grim to loving then angry to peaceful. With some of the most lovely and scene enhancing costuming to be had.
critique795 There are so many good things to say about this Ã¢Â€ÂœBÃ¢Â€Â movie.<br /><br />Ã¢Â€ÂœBÃ¢Â€Â™ maybe in connections but not in commission. This is about the best of its genre that I have ever seen. A grade A effort by Universal. The script is well done imaginative and without fault. Writing credits: Howard Higgin original story & Douglas Hodges story John Colton (screenplay). Director Lambert Hillyer handled the complex story and story locations very well. No skimping on the loads of extras and locations. I loved Beulah Bondy (Jimmy Stewarts mother in Ã¢Â€ÂœItÃ¢Â€Â™s A Wonderful LifeÃ¢Â€Â. The fem lead Frances Drake is a beauty and handled her part with grace and pathos for her Karloff husband. Lugosi likewise was correctly underplayed. I think this is the best part I remember seeing him in. As I said there were so many good things: the African discovery of the Radium Ã¢Â€ÂœXÃ¢Â€Â the melting of the stone statues ((somewhat reminiscent of the Ten Little Indians in And Then There Were None (Agatha Christie) (the Barry Fitzgerald version)) the glowing of Karlof in the dark. KarloffÃ¢Â€Â™s mother played by Violet Kemble Cooper with elegance. And because of all these virtues I found myself believing in the science it portrayed. I guess thatÃ¢Â€Â™s the mark of a good piece of art.
critique796 Lisa is a hotel manager or owner and she gets on a flight to Miami. She ends up sitting next to an assassin named Jackson who tells her that she has to switch a room of a family or her father dies. The reason she has to switch the room is because Jackson wants to blow it up.<br /><br />It's a great suspense movie because Lisa tries several ways to escape this ploy that Jackson has set up. The whole storyline is great and I thought that they could have spent some more time on the plane. There could have more to the plane but other than that the whole movie was pretty good.<br /><br />I especially liked the ending because it was heart-stopping. I didn't know what was going to happen and I was surprised by it. For me this movie just took off.
critique797 This drama apparently caused a bit of a stir six years ago when it debuted on television - not taking in much TV news myself it passed under the radar; but after having seen it I'm not surprised that it did cause a stir. Not particularly because of the content (although it is a bit more 'offbeat' than the usual TV fodder) - it has more to do with the reactionary media in this country. Anyway this three part series is based on a book by Sarah Waters and puts its main focus on lesbians - although the plot also has room to explore some other 'dark' sides of sexuality. Our main character is an oyster girl named Nan (short for Nancy) from Winchester. She is bewitched by female to male drag performer Kitty Butler after seeing her at a theatre show and soon begins attending all of her shows - eventually catching the eye of the performer and becoming her dresser. It's not long before Kitty is offered a chance to play on bigger stages in London and having become good friends with Nan she invites her along for the ride. The act gets bigger when Nan takes to the stage also and the pair becomes a stage duo...but Kitty breaks Nan's heart leading her into an odyssey within London's seedy underbelly.<br /><br />I must admit that my DVD collection contains no shortage of sleazy and sordid films so there wasn't anything in this one that was enough to shock me. Despite being rather jaded to it I have to say that I'm still surprised at anyone who says this film went too far; naturally there is some lesbian sex and other stuff but it's never exploitative or overused and the film really couldn't have been made without it. The main focus is always on the story; and the story is really well done. The film is almost three hours long in total but if anything that isn't long enough to get everything across. Sarah Waters is obviously an inventive writer and the film remains interesting for the duration. The acting is solid as you would expect but I must admit that I found lead actress Rachael Stirling awkward and hard to get on with at first; although she grows into her role well as the film progresses. The execution is a little bit of a problem and director Geoffrey Sax is a bit too gimmicky for my liking. The story does get a little bit sappy towards the end also which is a shame because this film is at it's strongest during the dark moments (episode 2 being the high point of three for me). There's not really a defined point to the film - or at least not one that I could see. That's not important as far as I'm concerned; however as Tipping the Velvet tells a good story and more than surpassed my expectations. Worth checking out for people that like this sort of stuff.
critique798 I had fun watching this movie mainly due to Simon Pegg who has quickly become a solid box office draw for comedy films.<br /><br />He is hired from his dead end London publishing job by big shot NYC media mogul Jeff Bridges as a writer for one of his celebrity rags.<br /><br />After paying his dues he makes it into the higher echelons of celebrity writing hackdom (the "seventh room") where he gets to be a minor celebrity himself. The storyline is very funny and Gillian Anderson puts in an impressive supporting role as a cutthroat publicity agent.<br /><br />Along the way to success he finds the true meaning of love etc.<br /><br />The formulaic plot aside the movie was very funny mainly due to Simon Pegg Jeff Bridges and Gillian Anderson. Kirsten Dunst was good as the love interest. The rest of the supporting cast did its job well.<br /><br />This was a good comedy & well worth checking out at the theaters.
critique799 Tremendous black--and-white nighttime cinematography and plenty of it highlights this supposedly-true life account of a 1950s murder in Kansas in which an entire family was wiped out by two men.<br /><br />The story was written by Truman Capote so you get the very Liberal anti-death penalty message at the end of the film which is ludicrous knowing the facts of this case. Robert Blake and Scott Wilson play the two atheist losers who have twisted outlooks on life and who unnecessarily murder this nice family. <br /><br />Despite the annoying slant at the end this is a riveting story from the start and the cinematography makes this even more fascinating. Famed photographer Conrad Hall did a fantastic job on this. It makes me wish more modern-day films were made in black-and-white. See it on DVD.<br /><br />Blake Wilson John Forsythe Jeff Corey and the entire supporting cast are excellent in here. My third viewing of this film came in early April of 2005 shortly after Blake in real life was pronounced innocent in the murder trial of his wife. One can't help but look at Blake and this film differently after that.
critique800 Simply put there are two parts of this series that made me cry till my eyes fell out. First: The part where he was set to wash the toilet but ended up drinking the toilet water while imagining it was the hot director giving him a golden shower!!! (I laughed so hard!)<br /><br />Second: The part where he tried to prove worthy of a swimming school instructor. He seemed like a pro diving in but as expected he couldn't swim (proper at least^^). However the funny part of this was when he finally reached the end and said "how was that" or something. That was so friggin hilarious I couldn't stop laughing. <br /><br />If you get the chance to see this anime series I strongly recommend it. One of the best I've seen. <br /><br />Definitely the funniest!
critique801 This is a cute little French silent comedy about a man who bets another that he can't stay in this castle for one hour due to its being haunted. And once the guy enters the house it looks much more like a crazed fun house or maybe like the after-effects of LSD!! While there ARE ghosts and skeletons there is a weird menagerie of animals odd special effects and gags as well. It's awfully hard to describe but the visuals alone make the film worth seeing. HOWEVER understand that the self-indulgent director also had many "funny gags" that totally fell flat and hurt the movie. His "camera tricks" weren't so much tricky but annoying and stupid. IGNORE THESE AND KEEP WATCHING--it does get better. The film is fast paced funny and worth seeing. In particular I really liked watching the acting and mugging of Max Linder--he was so expressive and funny! Too bad he is virtually forgotten today. For an interesting but very sad read check out the IMDb biography on him.
critique802 Picture the classic noir story lines infused with hyper-stylized black and white visuals of Frank Miller's Sin City. Then picture a dystopian science fiction thriller such as Steven Spielberg's Minority Report or Richard Linklater's A Scanner Darkly. An amalgamation of the above would be a suitable way of describing visionary french director Christian Volckman's bleak and atmospheric take on the future in his feature film debut. But although Volckman's work does unquestionably take reference from the aforementioned films and those similar to them such a simplistic hybrid does not do Renaissance Volckman's end result justice - the film itself is a far more complex piece of work than that.<br /><br />Genre hybridity is usually a hit and miss affair especially in a contemporary context with the well of individuality appearing to be increasingly exhausted. As such Renaissance is laudable as a cinematic experiment at the very least with its unique interspersing of the gritty nihilism of the neo-noir detective thriller and the fantastic allegorical terror of the dystopian sci-fi drama which serve to compliment each other's storytelling conventions in a strangely fitting fashion. The screenplay is a clever and intriguing one (although one gets the sense that many of the lines in the script would have been much more effective in their original french than the English translation - the film's title also becomes far more poignant) managing to stay one step ahead of its audience all the way through. Though many elements of the plot will seem quite familiar to those who frequent such science fiction thrillers the script throws unexpected twists and turns in at exactly the right moment to keep the viewer on their toes making for a truly compelling work.<br /><br />Volckman's film truly excels in its visual component and the stunning black and white animation is easily the film's highlight - superbly moody and stylish it goes to show what tremendous aesthetic effect the simple use of two shades can have. With tremendous detail paid to the composition and look of each shot and superb use of very noir shadows and intriguing angles to accentuate the emotional tension of the scene the film appears straight out of a Frank Miller comic but with a twist the end result being consistently visually sumptuous. <br /><br />The film's English rendition is also given added credence by its very fitting array of voice casting. The gruff voice of Daniel Craig is an absolutely perfect piece of casting for grim stoic policeman Karas and Catherine McCormack is a strong presence as the mysterious woman whose sister's disappearance he is investigating. Despite a wavering English accent Romola Garai does great work as the frantic sister in question and Jonathan Pryce is suitably menacing as the shady head of ominous mega-corporation Avalon. Ian Holm's reedy voice is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist and Holm makes a powerful impression in his brief scenes.<br /><br />All together Renaissance boasts a visually stunning unique and compelling futuristic thriller just as intelligent as it is entertaining. Though the plot may seem familiar to those who frequent such fare and the occasional weak line may inhibit the film from being the moody masterpiece it set out to be the superb animation in itself easily carries the film through its occasional qualms. For fans of either of the film's intertwined genres or the gritty graphic novels of Frank Miller or those willing to appreciate a capably crafted slightly less conventional take on the futuristic thriller the film is without question worth a watch.<br /><br />-8/10
critique803 In Moscow the young couple Veronika (T. Samojlova) and Boris (Aleksey Batalov) are in deep love for each other. With the World War II Boris volunteers to join the army and is sent to the front on the day before Veronika's birthday and they do not have the chance to say goodbye to each other. While waiting for news from Boris Veronika is raped by Boris' cousin Mark (A. Shvorin) and they marry each other. However Veronika does not forget Boris and keeps waiting for him.<br /><br />"Letyat zhuravli" is an impressive and heartbreaking romance in times of war. The direction is excellent and uses ellipses along the story inclusive in the capital scene when Veronika is raped by Mark. The camera-work is amazing with sophisticated planes and angles and long traveling. The scenes of Veronika in the middle of the tanks or in the train station with many figurants are awesome. The magnificent cinematography is highlighted by the restored image of the DVD. T. Samojlova has an extremely beautiful face and a touching and sensitive performance. The speech in the last scene makes another great example of an anti-war movie. My vote is nine.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Quando Voam as Cegonhas" ("When Fly the Stork")
critique804 i saw this film over 20 years ago and still remember how much i loved it. it really touched me and i thoroughly enjoyed noel coward's work in it. highly recommended: atmospheric and touching.<br /><br />i think of this film from time to time and am disappointed it hasn't enjoyed as much of a revival as many classic films. hadn't realized til i searched for it today that it won an academy award for best original story for ben hecht and charles macarthur.<br /><br />basically it involves a nasty character who destroys another's career and is cursed because of it. he dies but is allowed redemption if he can convince someone to shed a tear over him. the bulk of the movies shows him in pursuit of this goal. well written and lovely. i had known him for his plays so i was surprised to see him in this role on TV late one night in new york. a must see if you ever have the opportunity.
critique805 Not since "Harold and Maude" has suicide been so successfully used as the theme for a love story. The acting by a top notch cast is terrific. With a well structured script things progress at an enjoyable pace. There are moments of black comedy but I would classify "My Suicidal Sweetheart" as a unique romantic comedy with a touch of dark humor. The relationship between two psychologically challenged lovers is both touching and engaging. The movie actually makes you question what is a normal relationship? I highly recommend "My Suicidal Sweetheart". Seek it out on DVD under the title "Crazy for Love". You will not be disappointed. - MERK
critique806 This is a very beautiful and almost meditative film-there is hardly any dialogue in it apart from the narration; and the scenery and music compliment each other perfectly. I didn't at first connect the red hair of the girl and the fox until it was pointed out to me by a friend (who also has red hair!) It is almost an old fashioned type of children's films saying that children nowadays prefer animations like Shrek or Toy Story etc-but I feel that young people should be introduced more to the beauty and wonder of nature which this film certainly does. Maybe not the best ever film of its type but certainly an excellent and relaxing view for all ages -not just children.
critique807 When I first viewed the trailerI have to decide if this series would be perfect for my collection. But after hearing about itI decided to buy it. When I bought the entire collection in a box setit was absolutely what I wanted to see. It was very funnyand the characters were pretty cool. Favorite characters in the show are:MarionCarrotthe Haze KnightsBig Mommaand Dotta. I also liked the opening and ending theme songs. The show also has some great voice talents from Tiffany GrantJason Douglasand others. But howeverthis show is one of the greatest. So if you want to see something cool. Then this show is the one.
critique808 I think it was FranÃƒÂ§ois Truffaut who said that the best movies either involve the joy of making movies or the agony of making movies. This flick is definitely of the first type. Tromeo and Juliet is a pleasure to watch from start to finish. The zany zeal fuelling this Shakespearian shenanigan is infective. I don't think I've laughed so hard since I saw Monty Python and the Holy Grail. It's that good!
critique809 Just getting released from a six month drug rehabilitation program and having served his time for dealing cards in illegal gambling card games Frankie Machine (Frank Sinatra) has high hopes for going clean and finding a new life as a big band drummer. However upon returning to his old crime-ridden Chicago neighborhood he soon finds the pressure mounting from those around him including his wheelchair-ridden wife Zosch (Eleanor Parker) to return to the old money-making "Dealer" lifestyle that first got him started on the path of self-destruction that is being an heroin addict.<br /><br />It's very rare that a film has so many great character performances as this one does. Frank Sinatra is superb as Frankie Machine and realistically portrays the symptoms of a drug addict going through withdrawal arguably better than anyone else had ever been done before him. Sinatra seems to possess a keen understanding and awareness of his character here and expresses the constant battle for control over his own life that is forever going on inside the heart of the man that is Frankie Machine. Parker as his crippled wife Zosch wants to possess Frankie forever to have him "deal" to make good money so as to take care of her and pay her ever-mounting medical bills. She seems terrified by anything she sees as a threat to her control over him such as the freedom the life of a drummer might offer or anything that might change the status quo between them.<br /><br />Onlooker Molly (Kim Novak) a girl who lives in the same building and seems to possess real strong genuine feelings for Frankie having no desire to control him but only to help him proves the best thing Frankie has going for him in the world if he can just stay straight long enough to wake up and realize it. Darren McGavin as the heroin drug peddler Louie however is always there just waiting in the wings knowing just the right buttons to push just the thing to say to get a former addict to revert back to that old habit one profitable to Louie but deadly for the addict.<br /><br />The setting too seems to take on a life of its own constantly dark gritty seedy and crime-ridden with nowhere near enough positive things to look forward to in life a place where it's all too easy to escape via a bottle or drugs a quick "fix" that's truly no fix at all but only works to keep one in the dark away from the daylight and all the bright prospects the world might have to offer. It's a neat touch that when Frankie is on the right track the setting always seems brighter than when he's headed down the wrong road. While some argue it is a bit dated to me this is a gritty film featuring a realistic inner war within a man for control over his own fate one that features very strong character performances by all involved. Given that THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN ARM gets my highest possible recommendation.
critique810 As a fan of Wm. Faulkner since college I was especially pleased to see Intruder In the Dust and for other reasons. My grandfather also named Clarence Brown as was the director grew up in the Oxford area having been born near there in 1888. We attended a week long family reunion at Oxford in July 1964 a mere 15 years after filming the movie. It still looked mostly like it does in the film but was going thru a period of civil rights upheaval then as the site of Ole Miss. My recollection is of its being a nice little college town that summer but I was just an 18 year old college sophomore and white. I was just then beginning to see the injustice of segregation and prejudice but still had a long way to go. Anyhow the movie is well worth watching but the filmmakers must have had to walk a tight rope to get it done there and I would love to know more about that story. <br /><br />Now days Oxford is a larger more modern college town with all the ills that go along with such things and I hope to return again to see how it must have changed socially in the last 40 plus years. Juano Hernandez should certainly have been nominated for an Oscar that year but Hollywood was still to bigoted itself to let that happen. Other Faulkner stories have been filmed so look for them and compare. One of the best was a PBS treatment of The Barn Burner from about 1985 or so starring Tommy Lee Jones. It really captured the intensity of rural Southern whites that Faulkner wrote so incisively about so often.
critique811 I felt that this movie had a lot of heart and must have been a labor of love for Eleanor Bergstein. The primary actors (Campbell Scott Jennifer Beals Yancy Butler James Goodwin III Patrick Stewart and Leslie Caron) were very well selected and played their parts with excellence. It was a very uplifting movie that I wish was available on tape or DVD. A rare gem.
critique812 The historical inaccuracies of this film have been well documented. It was never intended to be serious history but an entertaining saga and there it succeeds. Errol Flynn was never better as this role was tailored for him. Olivia DeHavilland was never more beautiful. Arthur Kennedy never more villainous. Anthony Quinn never more noble than as Crazy Horse. It had much humor and pathos and held your interest throughout. The one historical aspect I found most glaringly inaccurate was the final "Last Stand" which occurred on the banks of the Little Big Horn. The film version was filmed in a desert with no river in sight. However I still consider it marvelous entertainment typical of Hollywood's golden age.
critique813 too bad they showed palm trees that could not be more inaccurate for Connecticut in October ... this was filmed in New Zealand ...This Martha Moxley case had been 'cold' for 20-25 years ... her family worked hard to keep it alive and when Mark Fuhrman decided he did not want to be remembered only for his involvement in the Nicole Simpson case .... which could have been deleterious to his reputation (if it already hadn't)... Anyway he followed along as the police tried to get enough information to write a book. ... with the use of flashbacks we can see the relationships Martha formed .... Unattended boys coming of age without a mother around to help and a dad who was always looped ...<br /><br />Plus the fact that they portray the real Martha as if she were a movie star... she was a cute sweet girl next door type. Other than that the other characters were really great especially Jon Foster and Toby Moore who played as Michael Skakel and Tommy Skakel respectively. They were good as well the costumers had to keep it all in the 70s look and back up to the 90s ....<br /><br />It kept my interest even when I caught on about the Skakel guy ....
critique814 I am a Talent Manager. I have been for 15 years now. I have discovered some wonderful talent. They have been in Movies Commericals Braodway and Television. In my opinion Eddie Monroe was cast wonderful. I love seeing the ability of real people. Not just a name. The Actors in this movie were very natural and believable. I was very entertained by this film. I love a movie with a few twists. I also enjoy when at the end of the movie the puzzle is solved. I still would like to know what happened to the large sum of the money.(When you see the flick you will understand what I am saying.) The Mobsters all look real ???? I would like to see this film on the Big Screen. The footage was shot really well. The scenery of New York was the New York that I know. Have a Happy 2006 and may this movie make it to the awards.
critique815 THE ITALIAN is an astonishingly accomplished film for its time. Stunningly shot with lighting effects that are truly sublime this is an early gem that clearly reveals REGINALD BARKER to be a pioneer director of equal standing to D.W. GRIFFITH and MAURICE TOURNEUR. How much control Thomas Ince exerted over the production is hard to know but this film still has extraordinary power. The simple story of an Italian immigrant struggling to keep his family alive in New York is very moving. The themes of social injustice revenge and forgiveness are completely relevant today. The use of close-ups is outstanding and the powerhouse performance of GEORGE BEBAN is electrifying. What we need now is a really good print transferred to DVD so we can truly appreciate this early masterpiece of cinema.
critique816 I'm just starting to explore the so far wonderful world of monsieur Ozon. I've seen only 4 films so far and with the last one in the row it hit me that all of them were in fact about lonely women and their actions. Not a single non-lonely female character out of 12 and all of them bring heavy impact of surroundings.<br /><br />This film is probably the only one (out of four) where this impact is for good.<br /><br />The gay theme is an almost standard part of background for Ozon's films so it doesn't grab the accent (although the looks of the characters might). Watch for the feelings not for their objects.<br /><br />Very nice and fleeting truly like a summer romance and while being a relaxation to thought and mind it gives some food for the soul.
critique817 This is really good. Original ideas in the film and a great terrorist action film. Only second to die hard and die hard with a vengeance this film has suspense and a good plot. I would recommend it to anyone with a taste in films like mine; Action terrorism and gangster/mafia.
critique818 The absolute summum of the oeuvre of that crafty Dane Douglas Sirk (born Detlef Sierck) Written on the Wind compels our prurient attention in every gaudy frame. From its justly famous opening sequence with the leaves blowing into the baronial foyer of a Texas mansion and the wind riffling the pages of the calendar into a flashback the movie compresses into its 99 minutes all the familial intrigue that was to fuel such later little-screen knockoffs as Dallas Dynasty and Falcon Crest over their years-long runs.<br /><br />The combination of wealth and dysfunction is a theme Americans in our dollar-based society find irresistible. Brother and sister Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are the spoiled troubled heirs to the Hadly oil fortune; boyhood chum Rock Hudson and new bride Lauren Bacall are the sane outsiders who try to keep the lid on the roiling cauldron. (It's been rumored that the story was based on Libby Holmann's marriage into Reynolds tobacco money.) As always the misfits get all the scenery to chew -- and the best lines to spit out (Malone in her Oscar-nabbing performance as the boozing nymphomaniac with a jones for Hudson gets to detonate a whole fireworks display of them). Hudson while good can't compete with all this over-the-top emoting; Bacall starts out strong but grows recessive a mere plot convenience. No matter; with a succession of set-pieces shot in extravagant hues Sirk gives an object lesson in how to turn out overwrought melodrama set in the lush consumer paradise of late-50s America. Nobody ever did it better.
critique819 LIFEFORCE is an extremely schizophrenic movie based on Colin Wilson`s novel The Space Vampires the script ignores most of the novel`s concepts and structure ( Indeed it owes more to the QUATERMASS serials than the novel ) but the scenes it does leave in from the novel are nearly identical to those in the film . And talking of the script it must be one of the most uneven in cinema history  it`s though it was written in chapters by several different people. Take for instance Carlson  he disappears after the early shuttle scenes which led me to believe he was dead then he turns up again halfway through the film in order to explain the plot to the beleaguered Brits and it`s this lack of attention by the screenwriters that spoils the film . And there`s plenty of other clumsy scripting such as the heroes returning to London in a helicopter and not realising it has been over run by zombies untill they`re flying over it .<br /><br />I could go on at great length about these plot holes but LIFEFORCE is actually enjoyable to watch as long as you don`t use your brain . It`s good to see a sci-fi horror film from an era when aliens were portrayed as being cute creatures that children hid in their bedrooms so that nasty human adults wouldn`t get their hands on them . The special effects and pyrotechnics are very very good  there`s lots of action and stunts and LIFEFORCE features one of the most memorable aliens in the form of the space girl . When mentioning LIFEFORCE in conversation with males it`s always a race to say " Seen the alien in LIFEFORCE? She can suck the lifeforce out of me anytime " Hardly surprising looking at the demographics of the votes that this film is more popular with males than females<br /><br />" Don`t worry . A naked girl can`t escape from here " Can`t she ? Pity<br /><br />
critique820 Beauty in Trouble (KrÃƒÂ¡ska v nesnÃƒÂ¡zÃƒÂ­ch) is not a great title. All the descriptions of this film fail to capture what it really is Ã‚Â– an adult fairy tale. A poor girl is wooed by a prince. The "girl" Marcela played by the stunning Anna GeislerovÃƒÂ¡ has an Isabelle Huppert beauty with a red hair face and figure that are beguiling sexual and endlessly fascinating. She has a louse of a husband but they have great sex. The kids listen to the lovemaking through walls. It's rough and passionate as the sex of the working class seems to often be portrayed in film. But it's also for us to recognize that this is the thing that binds them together in an otherwise incompatible marriage. The husband a professional car thief is eventually caught and thrown in jail. How she got into this marriage we don't know but she is not exactly a high-class herself. But she's beautiful intelligent (we assume) and loves her gorgeous and resilient kids. She deserves more. And she may get the life she deserves - eventually. (no spoiler!) She is forced to move back with mom after her husband is sent to jail. Mom has a hideous second husband (read ugly stepfather). He is a real horror show. He borders on being a child abuser to the kids. He's obsessive about cleanliness but ungraciously farts at the table all the while demanding manners and decorum from the kids. He's real low class socially handicapped wretch. Mom puts up with him like Marcella's husband at least he's lusty - hideous but horny. The ambivalent confusing layered characterizations are what make the film so powerful and interesting. These characters have flaws some seemed driven by class some by innate character. These flaws and details of character are charming one minute and contemptible the next. The audience really has to negotiate conflicting feeling of class sexuality ambition commitment and the role of a woman as mother and wife through the quickly changing terrain of the story. At the bottom line as with many films like the wonderful Icelandic movie "Thicker Than Water (BlÃƒÂ³ÃƒÂ°bÃƒÂ¶nd) the children can be the victims. What's right in the end may be what's best for the children Ã‚Â– who are our salvation and our future. It's a theme played out these days in films ranging from Pan's Labyrinth to Children of Men. Foreign. Cinema is recognizing in intricate morality tales that life is confusing brutal unfair and as adults we must get our act together in order to pass something worthwhile to the next generation. If we give in to our baser instincts we may lose ourselves and the world in the process. The extraordinary and complex and colorful characters in KrÃƒÂ¡ska v nesnÃƒÂ¡zÃƒÂ­ch speak to the qualities of what makes a man what drives a women what embodies hope what is class - is it economic status of the fabric of one's character? The film is richly human as embodied by the very last 2 shots which moved me incredibly and unexpectedly. The director's choices are so subtle and intelligent that to compare this to an American film seems unfair. Americans sometimes seem to lack the desire to consider that paradoxes in human nature don't offer set resolutions. But here perilously couched in ostensible fairy tale for adults are interesting moral questions. Don't be fooled by the simple story; this is a great movie.
critique821 In this Dream-Come-True I found myself loving what was going on. It's a good movie and should not be passed off as a corny fantasy movie. It's too smart for that. It's definitely a feel good movie but with a nice message to leave you with. 7/10 B **1/2 out of ****
critique822 I still wonder why I watched this movie. Admittedly before I viewed this film I knew practicly nothing about the beatles. I didn't even know all their names! All I knew was that they had a ton of fans they had some albums that some people claim to be the greatest ever they broke up John married Yoko Ono and John was murdered.<br /><br />Also VH1 isn't even my favorite music station MTV is. Still for some reason or another I decided to watch it not expecting much. Surprisingly I enjoyed it very much! The dialogue was written and handled very well with the occasion of a slight accent mess up. This is very important because John and Paul talking is pretty much the whole film allthough they are taken outside to explore more possibilities and to keep you watching. Jared Harris and Adien Quinn give good performacesoverall.<br /><br />The ending was also very smart. I enjoyed how the movie gets you excited about the SNL performace and then slaps you over the head and makes you realize that it would be better if they just let it go and end it on a good note. My favorite moment is probably the touching rooftop scene.<br /><br />Overall I recommend this film to almost everyone. It is a very good way of settling your curiosity of what could have happened if 6 years after the break up Paul just showed up on John's doorstep. Which is probably the main reason of my viewing this film settling my curiosity on who the beatles really were and what could have happened to them after the breakup.
critique823 Just watched the film for the 3rd time and enjoyed Lindsay Crouse and the rest of the cast just as much as before. It just keeps getting better and better. You simply have to marvel at the carefully measured way of speech the slow deliberate action everything being exactly in place.<br /><br />Truly one of the great ones and definitely my all-time favourite!!!
critique824 Part Two picks up... not where the last film left off. As part of the quasi-conventionality of Steven Soderbergh's epic 4+ hour event Che's two stories are told as classic "Rise" and "Fall" scenarios. In Part Two Che Guevara leaving his post as a bureaucrat in Cuba and after a failed attempt in the Congo (only in passing mentioned in the film) goes down to Bolivia to try and start up another through-the-jungle style revolution. Things don't go quite as well planned at all probably because of Che's then notorious stature as a Communist and revolutionary and in part because of America's involvement on the side of the Bolivian Government and of course that Castro wasn't really around as a back-up for Che.<br /><br />As it goes the second part of Che is sadder but in some ways wiser than the first part. Which makes sense as Guevara has to endure low morale from his men betrayals from those around him constant mistakes by grunts and nearby peasants and by ultimately the enclosing larger military force. But what's sadder still is that Guevara no matter what won't give in. One may see this as an incredible strength or a fatal flaw- maybe both- but it's also clear how one starts to see Che if not totally more fully rounded then as something of a more sympathetic character. True he did kill and executed and felt justified all the way. And yet it starts to work on the viewer in the sense of a primal level of pity; the sequence where Guevara's health worsens without medicine leading up to the shocking stabbing of a horse marks as one of the most memorable and satisfying of any film this year.<br /><br />Again Soderbergh's command of narrative is strong if on occasion slightly sluggish (understandable due to the big running time) and one or two scenes just feel totally odd (Matt Damon?) but these are minor liabilities. Going this time for the straight color camera approach this is almost like a pure militia-style war picture told with a great deal of care for the men in the group as well as Guevara as the Lord-over this group and how things dwindle down the final scene. And as always Del-Toro is at the top of his game in every scene every beat knowing this guy so well- for better and for worse- that he comes about as close to embodiment as possible. Overall the two parts of Che make up an impressive package: history as drama in compelling style good for an audience even if they don't know Che or better if they don't think highly of him. It's that special. 8.5/10
critique825 I absolutely adore this movie! I had never heard of it when I saw it at the video store. I saw Kathy Bates was in it so I figured it had to have some worth you know? I watched it the first time just shaking my head . . . huh? Then it was the last scene and I found myself aching from smiling so hard. I clicked "play movie" and watched the whole thing again. It is without doubt the quirkiest movie I've ever seen. But the more I watch it the more I love it. It's absurd and crazy and sweet and dear. Kathy Bates is impeccable but the rest of the cast is fabulous too. What odd characters they all are! The midget is just too funny for words. And Julie Andrews and Barry Manilow are hysterical. It's just an all around funny fabulous movie. I get cravings to see it again. Whoever is watching it for the first time please stick it out to the end. It's well worth it!
critique826 I have only managed to see this classic for the first time a few weeks ago. Being made almost 30 years ago I thought the scary moments would be rather tame. Boy was I wrong. There are some great moments that sent shivers down my spine. Even the acting was great Jamie Lee Curtis was fantastic and Donald Pleasance was superb.<br /><br />On the downside it can be rather slow to start but once it gets going there is no stopping it. It makes all the copycats e.g. Nightmare on Elm Street Scream look very tame. I can't really say it is Carpenter's best because I have not seen many of his the only one I can remember of his is Starman (I think he made it). Halloween is the crowning achievement of the horror genre.
critique827 I saw this movie Sunday afternoon. I absolutely loved this movie. I loved everything about it from the sappy moments of mothers and daughters to the scenes where Mamie Gummer (Lila) is crying because of her poor decision in marrying a man for her parents and not because she is truly in love. I loved these moments because they were just so real. At first I was seriously scared because I was hoping that it would not end up like Bobby which was a great cast but a poorly written movie with no real meat to it. But during the middle of the movie i felt completely different. You will laugh and you will cry but in the end you will want to see Evening one more time. Trust me when i say GO SEE IT!
critique828 this is one amazing movie!!!!! you have to realize that chinese folklore is complicated and philosophical. there are always stories behind stories. i myself did not understand everything but knowing chinese folklore (i studied them in school)it is very complicated. you just have to take what it gives you.....ENJOY THE MOVIE AND ENJOY THE RIDE....HOORAY!!!!
critique829 The Ator series is a shining example of what B-movies should be. They fail in every aspect but in such a hilarious way that they are funny rather than sad. "Ator l'invincibile 2" aka "The Blade Master" aka "Cave Dwellers" shows us Europe's favorite Conan clone Ator where we left him in the first movie- after showing us a lengthy recap of all the events of the first film. This time the world must be saved from "The Nucleus" a kind of bomb represented on screen as a bright light (I guess they couldn't afford a prop). This one features invisible attackers and samurai. As with the first film lots of stock footage is used (including one rather obvious bit from "Star Wars"). Thoroughly laughable and unforgettably bad- this is an exception B-movie.
critique830 I was pleasantly surprised by the depth of story and character development. Fulci was a master at creating horrific atmosphere using inventive camera work vivid cinematography and yes - wonderfully explicit gore.<br /><br />This film is no exception however compared to his later films (The Beyond Zombie 2 City of the Living Dead House by the Cemetery etc.) the characters here are extremely well developed and the emphasis shies away from the supernatural and is more on the suspense created by a classic who-dunnit amongst the lush hills of Italy. The scenery is at moments reminiscent of cherished folklore and then immediately contrasted by mud and blood-soaked terror shrouded by crumbling ruins. The gore in this film is not quite as prevalent and seems restrained compared to Fulci's later films however splatter and giallo fans will most likely be satiated by a few close-ups of oozing wounds and the last 5 minutes of the film.<br /><br />Overall a fantastic and mature film from one of our great Italian horror directors.
critique831 The Secret of Kells is one of the most unique beautiful and eye- popping animated films I have ever seen. Before watching this film I was convinced that nothing could give Up a run for its money and that it was a shoo-in to win in this category but I found in Kells a serious contender.<br /><br />The Secret of Kells tell the story of a young orphan named Brendan who lives with his uncle the Abbot of Kell. The Abbot is a loving guardian but perhaps a bit too strict and much more concerned with fortifying the wall around the town from a coming attack by vikings than he is at nurturing the boy's imagination. When the legendary Brother Aidan (who looks surprisingly like Willie Nelson) shows up and takes the boy under his wing Brendan goes on a journey into the woods and meets a lovely forest nymph named Aisling who takes a liking to him (and saves his life more than once). With Aisling's help he attempts to save the town and help Brother Aidan complete the mystical book whichÃ‚Â—legend has itÃ‚Â—can turn dark into light.<br /><br />See my full review of The Secret of Kells at: http://theoscarsblog.blogspot.com/2010/02/movie-review-secret-of- kells.html
critique832 I had been looking forward to How to Lose Friends & Alienate People for months particularly due to the fact that Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg were starring. Simon Pegg is a comedic genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been a favorite actress of mine. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People hit the spot! Of course not perfect but very enjoyable and funny. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People follows the life of Sidney Young a smalltime bumbling British celebrity journalist who is hired by an upscale magazine in New York City. In spectacular fashion Sidney enters high society and burns bridges with bosses peers and superstars. After disrupting one black-tie event by allowing a wild pig to run rampant Sidney catches the attention of Clayton Harding editor of Sharp and accepts a job with the magazine in New York City. Clayton warns Sidney that he'd better impress and charm everyone he can if he wants to succeed. Instead Sidney instantly insults and annoys fellow writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares to target the star clients of power publicist Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also upsets his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to annoy nearly everyone. His saving grace a rising starlet Sophie Maes (Megan Fox) who develops an odd affection for him. In time Allison's friendship might be the only thing saving Sydney from his downward spiraling career. The storyline is very interesting and the acting was top notch with what the actors were given. Simon Pegg is still hilarious as ever! He makes Sydney bumbling obnoxious and annoying as real as it gets but later in time making Sydney not just likable but also a real character who you root for in the end. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were brilliant! Kirsten had some very wonderful acting and hilarious scenes and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff f*cking Bridges! How can you not like him?! He makes Clayton a very humorous character with some wit and overall you just love the guy. Gillian Anderson Megan Fox and Danny Huston were great as the supporting cast. Each had their own personality that were overall pretty unlikable but that's what just made the film work. One thing I didn't enjoy was how one dimensional some of the characters were. I understand that most were the supporting cast but some of the cast was underused and could've given the film some more spice to it. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People will never be on anyone's top 10 films ever or even top 10 comedies ever but it has a very high entertainment level and some scenes may even charm you as well. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People is definitely one of the better romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
critique833 At least for a half hour a week. I haven't been interested in anything on the big 3 networks (ABC/CBS/NBC) in years. All of the lions are interesting although Larry can get annoying at times. I really like the Middle earth action figures they bring in with Hunter. Most of the other characters are interesting as well. The sideshow of Siegfried and Roy is entertaining at times too. The animation is top notch and definitely the best CG that has been done on a weekly TV show. Usually when they hire big names to star in a show they're trying to hide a poor script or characters. Not entirely true in this show though There's a couple characters that were weak and improved by the voice acting but overall the characters stand on their own.<br /><br />This is definitely for 16 and up. There's nothing here that most kids haven't already heard before though and most of the jokes would probably just fly right over their heads. It's definitely not as crude and edgy as South Park but does bring some of the same "Bash everyone" feel to it. One example is that it makes fun of both Dick Cheney and Barbara Streisand at the same time in one episode. <br /><br />Father of the Pride and other Dreamworks productions like Shrek also feel like the spiritual successors of Animaniacs Pinky and the Brain and Freakazoid. It's the same type of humor grown up. It may not be as witty as Spielberg's classic TV series but it's still good.<br /><br />I hope that it finishes this season off well and is renewed for future seasons. Otherwise I may never find a reason to watch the big 3 again.
critique834 This Movie is a warning to all people sat surfing the internet on a typical day at the office. My Warning is Do not reveal too much about yourself 2 Be careful who you cross!! there are spies on this internet thing. I thought that it was so scary what that man and woman combination did to poor Angela Bennett I did not realise that somebody could take ones life away in one click of this mouse Angela I thought did a sterling job of outwitting Jack Delvin and that awful girl my question is why does that computer make that noise when it works? like a clicking sound mine does not do this or this one. This film also tells you that there is fraud on this internet Also why couldn't Angela do the virus destroyer programme at a CyberCafe? I also thought that like all computers the transfer rate to disk was slow that is correctly portrayed in this film when you save the programme to your floppy disk the bar only moved slowly!!! I quite liked Angela's house at the beginning of the film as well Why did no one believe Angela???
critique835 Man if anyone was expecting a great zombie movie after reading that title then you are a retard and you deserve to be disappointed. As for myself I was expecting a low-budgeted cheeseball zombie flick- and that's exactly what I got. I wasn't disappointed at all. I thought it was a cool little movie. The zombies were exactly as they should be because all of the zombies had JUST been turned so they are freshly-undead zombies. Obviously they did that because it would've been pretty costly if they had done full-on rotted zombie FX. I understood the whole thing I have no idea how anyone could seriously nitpick this movie. It's called "HOOD OF THE LIVING DEAD" for the love of God! Would you watch "Redneck Zombies" and ANY Uwe Boll movie and actually EXPECT it to be great? Of course not! So why there are some morons on IMDb whining like school girls about this movie I'll never understand. Oh and YES there ARE worse movies out there so stop saying that this was the worst you've ever seen 'cause you know you're full of it! You ever watch "ZOMBIEZ"???? Or "Feardotcom"????? Or "House Of The Dead"???? THOSE are some of the worst I've ever seen. If you can't see that it's just a low- budgeted zombie movie obviously made by zombie movie fans then something's wrong with you. I just had fun with it. Thumbs up from me and I'd also like to see a sequel.
critique836 This is another of John Travolta's "come back" movies and if he continues on with characters and movies like this one his come back will take hold.<br /><br />This is so sweet...sickeningly so if you're not into the romance comedy scene. If you are this is one innovative RomCom. Every performance (including that of Skippy the Dog) was beautiful without much more than a trace of the irreverence found in "Dogma." (Although as movies go I loved Dogma!)<br /><br />Travolta is not nearly as brash in his performance as the previews would lead you to believe. He is an angel and if you consider yourself to be well read then you understand that angels were far from perfect. You will not therefore be insulted by this film. Even those who are overly sensitive to such things shouldn't be insulted by this work as Nora went to great lengths to see to it that it was the least abrasive as possible given the subject matter.<br /><br />I love this and love it more each time I watch it. It's beautiful and sweet engaging and endearing.<br /><br />It rates a 7.3/10 from...<br /><br />the Fiend :.
critique837 A beautiful postcard of New York. The thing I enjoyed most was being able to watch this with my whole family and not cringe waiting for a stupid toilet humor joke to appear. It never did. My teenagers liked it too. My son for Natasha Henstridge and my daughter for Michael Vartan. My wife and I commented that we could not remember the last time we could sit with the kids and ALL enjoy something. This film told a story that felt comfortable but not old or done. The ending came with a twist which we all liked too. If you are not just a cynical person and have are willing to let a story unfold then this is for you. As a guy it takes a lot to hold my interest when it comes to romantic movies and this one did. I recommend it and we need more of these films to watch.
critique838 This is the best version of Gypsy that has been filmed.Bette Midler is simply superb as Mama Rose.She has the voicethe gesturesthe lookand most of alla supreme acting ability to carry the role off and to make her character come alive.Her singing issimply put:MAGNIFICENT! She especially shines in two numbers-"Everything's Coming Up Roses" and "Rose's Turn". The other actors are also fineparticularly Christine Ebersoll as Tessie.Also good is Peter Riegert;his portrayal of Herbie is acted with great style and believability.The direction of this movie is veryvery good.There isn't a false note or gaffe in the entire production.This film is a vast improvement over the Roz Russell version filmed in 1962.Since viewing it againI can state that the three greatest Mama Roses are:Ethel MermanBette Midlerand Angela Lansbury. See this movie.You'll be glad that you did.
critique839 For those who still prefer films focusing on human relationships 51 Birch Street is a must see.<br /><br />By training the spotlight on his own family Block covers terrain that is off-limits for most filmmakers. He explores a common but often unspoken family dynamic and does so without resorting to hyperbole or sensationalism. In fact the film is deceptively low key at the outset. <br /><br />In addition to providing a probing look at one family - and by extension every family - Block has also chronicled a very specific period in recent history. I don't know if this was intentional but unavoidable due to archival content.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
critique840 Being American I have not been exposed to this character before which is good because some of you have been disappointed. I have nothing to compare it to. I have found no enjoyment in the mindless idiot humor in the American teen movies and although this is a slightly similar type of humor I couldn't stop laughing. I hardly ever laugh out loud at a movie. And usually a movie has a few funny parts for me but this movie was funny from start to finish. My only disappointment was when it was over. I'm actually going to buy this on DVD when I find it.
critique841 In the future a disparate group of people asleep aboard a commercial spaceship is forced to improvise their survival when the spaceship crash-lands on a remote barren planet. They already have one problem in that one of the passengers is intense criminal Richard Riddick (Vin Diesel in his first top-billed role); however they are soon preyed upon by a strange species of predator that thrives in the darkness - and a rare solar eclipse is soon to take place.<br /><br />While the script for this movie is ultimately on the routine side it is decently acted and it is especially well-made technically. Location work photography and design (production as well as creature design) are all very impressive. It is not the most original or stimulating science-fiction / horror picture ever made far from it but it still provides good entertainment. Diesel is particularly good at getting under the skin of his intimidating character. It is not ENTIRELY predictable however and gets some points for<br /><br />**SPOILER**<br /><br />having a more politically correct ending than most of its type.<br /><br />Filmed on location in the desolate Coober Pedy area of Queensland in Australia.<br /><br />A sequel of sorts is in the works.<br /><br />7/10
critique842 I really liked the Movie "JOE." It has really become a cult classic among certain age groups.<br /><br />The Producer of this movie is a personal friend of mine. He is my Stepsons Father-In-Law. He lives in Manhattan's West side and has a Bungalow. in Southampton Long Island. His son-in-law live next door to his Bungalow.<br /><br />Presently he does not do any Producing But dabbles in a business with HBO movies.<br /><br />As a person Mr. Gil is a real gentleman and I wish he would have continued in the production business of move making.
critique843 Despite its ultra low budget "Sorte Nula" is the most successful Portuguese film of 2004. And I must say a well deserved success. What I love about "Sorte Nula" the most is the intricate detail that Fernando Fragata went to keep you interested as to what is going on and just what will happen next. It's very detailed and superbly advanced for a seemingly simple love-story-gone-bad thriller. What's even more enjoyable and ironic about this is the fact that the characters are in the same situation not one of them knows the entire story and are left to their own assumptions making "Sorte Nula" a cut above the rest. This is definitely not a film you want to walk out on for a bathroom break as you will undoubtedly miss something important. I feel one of the film's major attributes would have to be the environment that it establishes. It's creepy but hilarious at the same time. I read somewhere someone quoting this film by saying "...it's was like watching Hitchcock..." and I couldn't agree more!! I love movies like that where you have to pay attention to EVERYTHING in order to fully understand what is going on. 9/10
critique844 My father grew grew up watching George Reeves as Superman and when I was a little kid he had episodes on VHS and let me view them including this movie (passing them down in the family if you will) and I loved it.<br /><br />Clark Kent and Lois Lane get sent to a small town with and oil mine and from the mine emerge mole men radioactive and targeted by the town assumed to be deadly and it's up to Superman to stop this mayhem.<br /><br />It's just so wonderful and fun to view. The old style special effects and sound - the crew pulled off such a beauty with such little technology. George Reeves was my hero when I was a little kid and I'm 16 now it just goes to show how timeless and classic these adventures are.
critique845 At the time I am writing this I see out of over 15000 votes it has a 5.8 rating. Something is wrong with that picture. Personally I give it a 10. I can see a 7 at the lowest or a possible 8 if it was rated by people that see this movie for what it truly is. It is a movie based on a comic book hero. This movie won more than it's share of awards. Won 3 Oscars. Another 5 wins & 26 nominations .... right there tells me it's better than a 5.8. Some great acting from some very good actors some great special effects and in my opinion will be if not already a classic for years to come. If you're looking for pure entertainment be sure to check out Dick Tracy. Definitely a movie you can watch more than a few times. Al Pacino is great as Big Boy Caprice.
critique846 i liked this movie a lot.I rented this expecting something not too bad to spend an evening.It turned out a particularly satisfying experience. Some scenes were hilarious and managed to be so in a movie not intended to be just a stupid slapstick comedy but with some meaning and moral values.It manages on both counts.The leads are all good but especially the guy who starsalso wrote and produced the movie.I've never seen any of these actors before but they were likable and made me care about what happens to them in the end which is saying a lot.The script is clever and involving and has a refreshing feel to it. I think you wont be disappointed to watch this.
critique847 This is the moving tale of Scotland's legendary hero Rob Roy and his battles with the feudal landowners. Like Braveheart to which it is frequently compared it is not very historical. Despite their primarily fictional nature I rate both of these movies highly and would be hard pressed to choose between the two. The 13 Century William Wallace is as others have noted a larger than life national figure while the early 18th Century Rob Roy comes across as an honourable but ordinary Scotsman.<br /><br />The story revolves around a clan chieftain Robert Roy McGregor who lives in a Scottish highland cottage with his wife Mary and their two young sons. As the movie begins he and his fellow clansmen are hunting down some thieves who have stolen the local lord's cattle. Rob Roy then wishes to improve the living conditions of his people so arranges to borrow one thousand Scottish pounds from a local noble the Marquis of Montrose in order to buy cattle to herd to market. He temporarily entrusts this money to his friend Alan McDonald. When both McDonald and the money turn up missing Rob Roy finds himself in conflict with Montrose as well as his despicable protÃƒÂ©gÃƒÂ© Archibald Cunningham and his sleazy factor Killearn. Rob Roy's honour is also tested when Montrose seeks to involve him in false testimony against his rival the Duke of Argyle whom he wishes to accuse of being a Jacobite.<br /><br />The charismatic Liam Leeson is brilliant as the kilted highlander Rob Roy an intelligent virile and noble hero and a man whose sense of honour is pivotal to this tale. Personally I feel that this is Neeson's best performance his brogue (albeit Irish) adding authenticity for the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn proud courageous and honest man whose word can be trusted. He is a loving husband & father and also touchingly loyal to his friend McDonald who is accused of robbing him. <br /><br />Tim Roth masterfully portrays his major adversary and surely one of the most heinous and sadistic cinematic villains Archibald Cunningham an egotistical ruthless strutting peacock. He is very effeminate for someone who makes it his major business to ravish the local women whether willing or otherwise. The pathetic Cunningham himself constantly refers to the fact that he is a bastard unaware of his own father's identity though this hardly justifies his horrendous misdeeds of murder rape and thievery. Also he mercilessly casts aside the young servant girl Betty after she becomes pregnant with his child resulting in her suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and foppish Montrose who is eventually implied to be Cunningham's father.<br /><br />The movie is essentially the very believable love story between an ordinary man and his wife beautifully depicting the passionate relationship between Rob Roy and Mary. Those who question the presence of passion within marriage should watch this husband and wife! I think the phrase used by this pair 'How fine you are to me...' is surely one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all cinema. <br /><br />The most compelling performance is possibly by Jessica Lange as Rob's wife Mary McGregor. Lacking make up she has the pretty but natural look of a sturdy peasant wife and mother. The actress brings great courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by the despicable Cunningham while the disgusting Killearn looks on. Her dialogue is plain spoken but filled with pride and grace. I give Hollywood its due that for once they showed just enough in the rape scene to reveal its cruelty as well as Mary's pain and humiliation but nothing intended to sensationalize. Their kinsman Alastair McGregor shows emotional anguish when he learns of Mary's rape and further torment when she swears him to secrecy never to reveal to her husband her violation by Cunningham. <br /><br />Of course this film features the beautiful scenery of the Scottish highlands also lavish period costumes and appropriate musical scoring. There are no grand battle scenes as in Braveheart but continuous engaging action and a particularly gripping sword fight in the final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is a captivating movie featuring both tense action and a beautiful love tale.
critique848 I watch this movie every time it plays on TV. A simply brilliant film. Three men return home from war and try to return to civilian life with great difficulty. All three led opposite lives during the war (Executive Banker became an army corporal a soda jerk became an Air Force Captain and the High School Football hero loses both his arms in battle)and now each must reconstruct his life and connect with a new reality. The homes they return to with grown children and independent working women along with a depressed economy only add to the strife. It's the scenes just off camera and the unspoken dialog which resonates the most loudly however. The awkward intimacy of Frederich March and Myrna Loy and his struggle to return to his place as leader (both at home and at work) are heartbreaking.<br /><br />Dana Andrews is riveting as the handsome decorated Captain who struggles to keep his life together without the uniform.<br /><br />The film is filled with honest characters and each is portrayed by a gifted actor.<br /><br />This film however took on a whole other level after seeing "Saving Private Ryan." The reality and magnitude of what these men lived through for love and country......and obviously it didn't end on the battlefield.<br /><br />This is an essential for any collection.<br /><br />
critique849 It took a long time until I could find the title in a special videothek in Berlin and I was lucky to find an english version with hollandish undertitles. I think itÃ‚Â´s one of the best horrormovies ever. It seems strange for me that some people call this movie a black comedy. I must admit I wasnÃ‚Â´t able to laugh about when I saw it the first time (and it was the same with the second time!) On the one hand Trelkovski seems so nice and even cute in his shy behaviour but on the other hand he beats this boy on the playground and there is no explanation for that. But the most weired thing is of course his transformation in Simone Choule and the fact that he doesnÃ‚Â´t know who he really is. His halluzinations are the most terrifying in this movie. Of course itÃ‚Â´s all in his mind but is it this flat that brings out this female side of him or was it also before he moved in - I think thatÃ‚Â´s an interesting question. His shizophrenic behaviour is hard to understand and itÃ‚Â´s horrible to see his two sides or identities fighting against each other. The result of it is that he cuts his hand first and later jumps out of his/her window. But this terrible cry - does that mean that all will repeat again and again and again... that his soul is in a cage or something? And these egyptian hieroglyphs and other egyptian stuff ? The fact that he/she looks like a mummy in the Hospital - thatÃ‚Â´s not an incident but a clue in my point of view.
critique850 I didn't expect much when I first saw the DVD cover. I mean Pierce Brosnan as Grey Owl??<br /><br />Ah...but then the story got underway unfolded in a beautifully photographed and paced film. I was surprised and delighted at this (basically) true story. Made me want to read more about this fascinating character which means the director fulfilled his purpose and the film was a success!
critique851 One night I stumbled upon this on the satellite station Bravo.Initially out of curiosity i decided to watch it.To be perfectly honest i wasn't disappointed.The main character is beautiful and her body is shown off well.You would think her talents would be wasted as a executioner but apparently not after watching the whole film!My only real gripe is the acting of the supporting cast particularly the actor who plays Melnik.Christ its bad!The prison guard Hank is woeful too.All he ever does is get drunk and make ill attempted passes at his co-guard Wanda though fortunately for us the viewer and for Hank he gets down and dirty with Wanda near the end. The music used is pretty tense and creates the perfect atmosphere for the executions. This movie is well watching alone for the beautifultalented and very sexy Jennifer Thomas
critique852 This movie is far better than the original The Jerk. I would highly recommend it to anyone who like quirky humor. We have incorporated almost as many lines from this movie into our daytime discourse as we have from Monty Python.<br /><br />The card game with the hobos and then with Mr. Suicide. The scene at the dinner table and his distaste for turtle soup. The original The Jerk was too choreographed ans staged. While I like Steve Martin he seemed like he was trying to hard. The Jerk Too is a spoof and will be enjoyed by anyone. The Jerk Too is family friendly unlike the original The Jerk.
critique853 I never watched the 'Next Action Hero' show and until reading the other comments here did not know that this movie was the 'prize' from that competition. I was just flipping channels and came across this and found myself watching dare eagerly all the way to the end.<br /><br />Yes the plot's been done (The Most Dangerous Game etc.) but I was hoping for and almost received the 'gotcha' - how the protagonist was going to beat the hunter in the end. I think the high-tech was overdone (GPS's) and gave me cold-sweat flashbacks of Night Rider but it nevertheless was not too overdone.<br /><br />The basic problem I had with this movie was the degree of SOD (Suspension of Disbelief) that was required of the viewer. Do we really think that someone flying in a helicopter could lob countless incendiary grenades at a public bridge and NO COPS show up to investigate? Could a limousine do countless donuts in a Las Vegas intersection and NO COPS show up? Pleeease. Way too much of that type of thing - fun to watch but keep it at least plausible thank you very much.<br /><br />The final solution was good but the ending was disappointing with the after taste of a bad Star Trek episode. At least now I understand why the acting was so cheesy - except for Zane who doesn't get near as much work as he deserves IMHO - they were winners from a reality show.<br /><br />Knock me out.
critique854 I watched this over the Christmas period I don't know why but it reminds me of Christmas so I watched it so there we are. <br /><br />Arthur is a film I watch all the way through with a big dumb smile on my face and its a mixture of special performances great jolly music and a script crackling with wit and charm that causes it. <br /><br />Dudley Moore makes a character that could well be hated very easily (spoiled rich lazy drunk who feels sorry for himself) but turns him into someone you love. Liza Minelli is great as Linda Morolla a queens waitress who manages to pull off the tough/soft on the inside lady Arthur nearly gives up his world for. John Gielgud gets all the juicy lines and polishes them off with relish. <br /><br />I can watch Arthur again and again and it always makes me feel good check it out if you need a lift its a lovely film.
critique855 This movie awed me so much that I watch it at least once a year. At times I find it uncomfortable. At times I find it empowering. And I always find the characters human and real. It is a movie that shows you the gritty reality of life in LA starting with the recurring helicopter search lights scanning for the dangers lurking so close to the ordinary lives being carried on by the characters. It is also a movie that shows you how the kindness of a stranger can change your life and empower you to make a difference. Grand Canyon reminds you that every action you take whether intended or not has powerful repercussions. I found this movie to be similar in many ways to Robert Altman's film Short Cuts. Both had a star-studded roster of perfectly cast actors & actresses and both movies allowed you to gradually see how the the characters interrelated with one another and affected each other for better or worse. Grand Canyon did a better job of providing a cohesive message (hope in the face of despairing reality) than Altman's film although I found them both intriguing in their own way. This film is a definite must see!!!
critique856 Of all Arnold's mid-'80s movies who would have thought that most relevant today would be The Running Man. A chilling and surprisingly realistic tale of reality TV gone mad. It may have been far-fetched back then but not so now. Not when you think about it. Currently Reality TV shows are either scraping the bottom of the barrel or desperate to raise the bar. If the next one isn't more controversial as the last it's a dud. How long will it be before we really do see shows like The Running Man? How long before we have 'court-appointed theatrical attorneys' or the entertainment division of the Justice Department? There is so much satire and intelligence in this movie that may have been missed back in 1987 that is desperate to be seen again considering the current state of TV shows.<br /><br />The biggest message of all is 'You are being lied to'. It's no secret that the Government and the media work in cahoots. And the masses believe what the media tells them to believe. It's a very scary state of affairs and unless more accurate representations of the truth emerge we may easily accept a brutal show like the Running Man in the near future. It's no secret that Reality TV is not very realistic. It's edited and reshaped before being aired and it's only what the networks want you to see. Usually it's far from the real truth.<br /><br />Although rather different than Stephen King's book (the ending is completely changed) the script does conform to the typical Arnie formula. Yes he does have numerous and very corny one-liners and he does say 'I'll be back' (which he never REALLY said that often anyway when you think about it) in the most ironic situation yet but he's still a zillion times better in the role then Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren would have been (these two were considered BEFORE Arnie believe it or not).<br /><br />The director is none other than Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glaser). It may not be artistic but it is still strong enough to generate excitement and his use of neon and flourescent colors gives each individual set a pretty cool look. Andrew Davis (not a director I particularly like) was attached before Glaser though no matter who directs the film is still marred by a very heavy 80's feel.<br /><br />First of all Harold Faltermeyer's score (remember him?) is incredibly dated and robs the action scenes of any timeless integrity. And the fashion sense of the movie is far too excessive to be convincingly set in the future. Apart from the dated feel the only other thing that bugs me is the poorly staged shoot-out that passes as the climax.<br /><br />This new DVD is a zillion times better than the original release. Gone is the horrid letterbox picture. In its place is a brand new hi-definition 1.85:1 anamorphic transfer. The colors sparkle and literally pop from the screen. The new Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES soundtrack are also amazing. There constant use of the surround channels to great effect and the bass is strong and powerful. Definitely one of the best re-masters I've seen so far. Two intriguing documentaries a trailer and a 'Meet the Stalkers' gimmick are included in this 2-disc set that comes in a rather neat slip case.
critique857 The relationship between the main characters I thought was very realistic. How the two end up involved is believable. It doesn't have that whole "oh yeah right" that most Hollywood movies have. Not too mention how they captured the sexy beautiful and painful side of trapeze. I am a trapeze student and I love that they showed how hard it is on the body hands and yeah those fabric burns are brutal! Definitely a must see for the relationship as well as the art that is made in the movie. I loved it! I'm happy with the way the movie ended but I definitely wanted to see more. Be sure to stay seated through the credits for a special treat hehe. Great scene!
critique858 An absolute classic !! The direction is flawless  the acting is just superb. Words fall short for this great work. The most definitive movie on Mumbai Police. This movie has stood the test of times.<br /><br />Om Puri gives a stellar performance Smita Patil no less. All the actors have done their best and the movie races on thrilling you at every moment. This movie shakes your whole being badly and forces you to rethink about many issues that confront our society.<br /><br />This is the story of a cop (Om Puri ) who starts out in his career as a honest man but ultimately degenerates into a killer. The first attempt in Bollywood to get behind the scenes and expose the depressing truth about Mumbai cops. Kudos to Nihalani !! <br /><br />After this movie a slew of Bollywood movies got released that exposed the criminal-politician-police nexus. Thus this movie was truly a trend setter. This trend dominated the Hindi movie scene for more than a decade. <br /><br />This movie was a moderate box office hit. <br /><br />A must-see for discerning movie fans.
critique859 I grew up in Royersford Pa. The town where Jerry's market was. I remember my whole family going out to watch the filming. I remember a guy showing the "Blob" to me and my brothers in a bucket. I also would like to share that my mother was in the movie. Her hair style was the same as Aneta Corsaut's and she was ill one evening and they saw my mom and asked her to sit in the car with Steve Mcqueen for some shots from behind. They payed her $25.00 and gave her a story to tell until she passed away this past August. My mom was not a teenager and she was a few months from giving birth to my little sister.
critique860 Charlie Chaplin's Little Tramp or Little Man character wins World War I called The Great War at the time single handedly even capturing the Kaiser something the entire Allied armed forces were unable to do. Too bad it all turns out to be a dream which is somewhat of a cop out and the weakest part of this mesmerizing silent short (almost a feature film at 46 minutes).<br /><br />There are inventive gags galore including Charlie having to put on a gas mask to eat Limburger cheese sent from home then using the cheese as a weapon against the Germans; Charlie sleeping underwater in a flooded trench next to a soldier he continues to annoy; Charlie disguising himself as a tree--one of his best sketches ever--and Charlie pretending to beat up his friend who has become a POW then hugging him when the enemy is out of sight.<br /><br />One amazing feature is how much Charlie when he is behind enemy lines dressed as a German resembles Hitler over ten years before Hitler and his Nazi thugs rose to dominate German politics. Obviously Hitler patterned his appearance after Charlie's from this film.
critique861 I've never laughed and giggled so much in my life! The first half kept me in stitches; the last half made me come completely unglued! I think I giggled for 15 minutes after the tape was over.<br /><br />His timing and delivery for his stories is almost unequaled. And though he talks fast you catch every joke. Which is probably why my "laugh center" was so overwhelmed; it took an extra 15 minutes to laugh at everything.<br /><br />
critique862 I have copies of both these Movies the classic where Robert blake is a mighty fine actor where most of the 1967 movie Blake is more shown standing by a window in jail telling his childhood life where it makes since why he killed the Clutter Family doesn't show much in the classic of what really went on an doesn't tell us which one really done the killing but it's a great eye catcher really if you watch the 1996 movie In cold Blood the classic makes a lot more sence .
critique863 This is one of the funniest and most excellent movies ever made! Although I've only seen forty minuets of it and I must say this is a good movie. The plot if funny and because there's sex around pretty much every corner of this movie. It's really funny and I don't see how anyone could NOT like this film. I really really really want to watch the rest of the movie. It has one slightly sick scene in it (trust me it's not very pleasant) but apart from that this is a great movie. I rate this movie an 7/8 for comedy 10/10 for sexual content and 10/10 for the plot. PLease if your a fan of American Pie and you want to watch a movie where there's pretty much all sex in it the buy this movie. It WILL please you.<br /><br />10/10
critique864 Still funny after all these years. Midnight Madness is good entertainment for all ages. It introduces Michael J Fox as a typical 15 year old trouble maker. Melio and Blaylak are by far the funniest characters in it and Leon is perfectly cast as a wierdo game master. The budding romance between Adam and the girl couldn't have been any cheesier. Fagabeefe!!!!
critique865 I love Movies that take you into them. A movie that actually leaves you feeling weak when its over and this kind of movie is rare.<br /><br />Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen. This movie has a cutting edge to it. A main stream cast for such a low budget. Why is it that a Man with this much talent and Charisma  ( not to Mention sex appeal in ways beyond most other actors ) can do this with so little money to work with????? These Actors really believe in his script and Raw talent as a Director writer and Actor. I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there  letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him. Damian I have heard of you through so many different circles and do not let the Jealous people of this world get to you. Martin gets this  Fellini got it and you will always get it. The fire and passion in you is what we love to watch on Screen. Thankyou for being different and having the guts to write like you do. You are a one of a kind Director do not listen to the empty vessels.
critique866 'Hitch' is a nice surprise: A romantic comedy that actually has romance and comedy. Most romantic comedies for me range from mediocre to horrible because they are not funny or romantic. 'Hitch' takes actors like Will Smith Kevin James and Eva Mendes into a fun light-as-a-feather journey that actually had me laughing and yes a little "aww how sweet!".<br /><br />Meet Alex Hitchens (Will Smith) aka Hitch. He's a self-proclaimed 'Date Doctor'; he helps hopeless guys like Albert (Kevin James) win guys like Allegra (Amber Valletta). Unfortunately Hitch has to deal with Sarah (Eva Mendes) a gossip columnist bent on breaking the Date Doctor...<br /><br />'Hitch' is actually pretty funny and it even makes the standard slapstick scenes work simply because the cast is so energetic and clearly having fun. I have to wonder why Will Smith hasn't made more movies like this. His sharp rapid-fire delivery is perfect for this genre and his chemistry with Mendes and James is wonderful. James is a real discovery; I have never seen his show 'The King of Queens' but he is funny and heartfelt and he proves once more that fat white men cannot dance hip-hop (Smith's responses to his attempts are hilarious). Mendes is hot and bouncy (not that way geez) as Smith's perfect match and Amber Valletta is sweet as Allegra.<br /><br />'Hitch' isn't perfect; it's a tad too long and things get too "dramatic" near the end (although this is redeemed by the happy ending filled with funny dancing). But's it a great refresher from the cookie-cutter romantic comedies that keep littering theaters.
critique867 Be prepared for the Trip to Haneke's "La pianiste"...The psychological sickness of the main character wonderfully played by Huppert goes beyond any limit you could expect. The most stunning part of it is that you start feeling compassion for the character Erika. Trash-Sexuality (no nudes scenes though) perversion masochism incestuous relations...Haneke gives us a crude meal heavy to digest; sometimes the only way you can escape the extremism of some scenes is to start laughing at it. The "mise en scÃƒÂ¨ne" is maybe not the most appealing part of the movie it has obvious austro-germanic sometimes scandinavian notes : static long scenes but never boring. The vienna settings the french language used make the whole look like a european blend. The permanent germanic music Background (Schubert) is beautifully chosen. Above all both of the Cannes awards for best actors are well deserved: one of the greatest performance of the year by one of the greatest french actress ever.
critique868 *Please note: (The below text is taken from the Irish DVD Release). Some of this summary MAY be wrong:<br /><br />Edge-of-your-seat chiller in which The Legacy of an ancient Witch and her bloodthirsty coven causes a deserted island hotel to become the embodiment of evil two Centuries later.<br /><br />When an inquisitive photographer (David Hasselhoff Baywatch Knight Rider) and his virginal fiancÃƒÂ©e (Linda Blair The Exorcist) creep onto the island to research its gruesome history they are joined by an unwit- ting estate agent and his prospective buyers.<br /><br />Gradually the group find themselves falling victim to the ancient evil that lives on in the mysterious old woman who roams the hotel seeking fresh victims for Satanic rites human sacrifice and demon- ic possession...<br /><br />Check in at the Witchcraft hotel... we hope you enjoy your SLAY!<br /><br />Additional Info. on the movies contents:<br /><br />Violence: Some gruesome sexual violence - VERY STRONG!<br /><br />Sex and/or nudity: Some strong as well as innuendo.<br /><br />Bad language: Some strong.<br /><br />Other: Some drug use and references.
critique869 As an adult I really did enjoy this one. I watched it with my 2 granddaughters and the 3 1/2 year old was fascinated and the 15 month old giggled at the mice.<br /><br />The music is fun and the animation is wonderful. This sequel does what Return to Neverland didn't accomplish. A good follow-up to the Cinderella story; but what becomes of Drusilla? Another sequel? I hope so!
critique870 Hundstage is seidl's first fiction film (before this he directed great documentaries as "animal love" or "models"). seidl worked on this project for more than 3 years but it only cost around 2 million dollars. the actors are very good especially the non-professional actors who nearly played themselves.the cinematography is good too. the whole film is shocking disturbing and some scenes may be too much for "ordinary" viewers.the film shows a lot of sex and violence but also that people are lonely and not able to communicate with each other. finally i've to say that this is one of the best and most rewarding austrian films in the past years. please excuse my bad english.<br /><br />
critique871 I found the movie Judas Kiss excellent. Carla Gugino's performance was extraordinaire probably her best in her career. Her facial expressions in many scenes were unbelievably true to character and they were exploited to its best by Director Gutierrez. All actors and actresses were very good in their performances. Emma Thompsom was as usual marvelous. Her acting capabilities are way above what would be required for this character so she actually enhances it in the movie.<br /><br />The story although sometimes over-intricate is kept entertaining and pointed towards the end. Very very good. A movie not to be missed. A story well weaved and brilliantly directed. Quality of film excellent.
critique872 I went into The Straight Story expecting a sad/happy type drama with nice direction and some good acting. These I got. What I wasn't expecting was an allegory for the trials of human existence. Leave it to Lynch to take a simple story about a 300 mile trip on a lawnmower and turn it into a microcosm for the human condition.<br /><br />If you didn't notice watch it again paying attention to the ages of the people Alvin meets the terrain he's driving through the reactions people give him the kinds of discussions he has (one of the first is about pregnancy and children one of the last is outside of a cemetery). The last road he drives down is particulary haunting in this context as it narrows and his fear and nervousness mount. The last mechanical failure could be seen as a death and the miraculous rebirth of his engine relating to an afterlife in which he achieves the desired reunion.<br /><br />I only hope some of the people who branded this as a slow sappy melodrama take the time to watch with a more holistic attention.
critique873 Starring: Jim Carrey Morgan Freeman Jennifer Anniston I was really quite skeptical the first time I watched this movie. I mean what a conceptual NIGHTMARE. Jim Carrey playing God? Nothing is sacred anymore.<br /><br />Well this movie is hardly sacred but it also is not sacrilegious at least not to any great extent. Yes Jim Carrey has the powers of God for a while but he is not God. Confused? I'll give you the low down.<br /><br />Jim Carrey plays Bruce Nolan a reporter who is down on his luck and feeling very unsuccessful with his life. He lives with his beautiful girlfriend Grace (Anniston) and you can tell right off the bat that they love each other but the relationship is on fairly shaky ground.<br /><br />Then Bruce gets a shot at anchorman only to have it underhandedly stolen by Evan Baxter. Obviously not please Bruce shares his thoughts with the world through the television in a way which is comical and definitely worthy of getting him fired.<br /><br />Much complaining and griping about God later Bruce gets a page. After a while he gets tired of it calling so he responds and goes to the Omni Presents building (heh). There he meets God (Freeman) who is the Boss Electrician and Janitor of the building. I found this highly amusing. God is the Boss the Holy Spirit is the Electrician and Jesus Christ is the Janitor. Think about it. Boss obvious. Electrician the guy who keeps everything running. Janitor the guy who cleans up the mess that the world has left. BRILLIANT.<br /><br />Anyway Bruce is a little skeptical about having actually met God but when God gives Bruce his powers and gives him a shot at playing God he starts to believe a bit. Wonder why. Enter the flagrant abuse of powers for personal gain and to abuse the enemies.<br /><br />Since this is Hollywood Bruce obviously eventually smartens up learns his lesson and starts using his powers for the good of the world. In the end he cries out for God to take it away and prays that His will be done not Bruce's.<br /><br />Since it is Jim Carrey the movie is quite amusing and there are definitely some highly entertaining moments in it. The movie is not perfect theology but for Hollywood it is definitely a good attempt. Many statements in the film can be quite thought provoking and even challenging and I applaud Tom Shadyac for his effort in this movie.<br /><br />So while far from perfect definitely an amusing popcorn movie with a little bit of thought behind it.<br /><br />Bottom Line: 3.5 out of 4 (worth a view or two)
critique874 I just love this film it totally rocks! Nicolas Cage looks hot and Tommy does not! I definitely feel that Fred and Randy should have had a little more time together on screen cause they're totally cool. My favorite part is when he says "Peter Piper Picked A Pepper I guess I Did!"
critique875 Despite reading the "initial comments" from someone who curiously disliked the film -- (WHY IS THE ONLY NEGATIVE COMMENT VERY FIRST ON THE LIST?)it was very nice to note that virtually everyone else loved it! Obviously the Church wanted to stress certain points and portray the prophet Joseph Smith in a positive manner ~ thats the whole idea. And in fact those points were extremely effective. We already know Joseph Smith was human... but despite that AND all of the horrific negative attempts stirred on by the adversary it showed just how he was able to complete a remarkable God-given work. I'd recommend it to anyone!
critique876 During World War II two Byelorussian (Soviet Russian) soldiers try to avoid being captured by occupying Nazis as they trudge through snowy terrain searching for food and safety. If you happen not to like black-and-white "foreign" films you may still enjoy "Voskhozhdeniye" (retiled in English "The Ascent"). Director Larisa Shepitko paces the film extraordinarily well despite its being a largely introspective piece of work. Her untimely death in a car accident made this Ms. Shepitko's final film unfortunately.<br /><br />After the opening mission is declared there doesn't seem to be much that could happen in the snowy woods but Shepitko and a changing setting make it unexpectedly exciting. Leading players Vladimir Gostyukhin (as the spiritually wounded "Rybak") and Boris Plotnikov (as the physically wounded 'Sotnikov") successfully avoid being crushed by the ever increasing symbolism. Their allegorical performances under Shepitko's sharp direction provide a memorable and thought-provoking take on a familiar story.<br /><br />******** Voskhozhdeniye (4/2/77) Larisa Shepitko ~ Vladimir Gostyukhin Boris Plotnikov Lyudmila Polyakova Anatoli Solonitsyn
critique877 I found this movie to be very well-paced. The premise is quite imaginative and as a viewer I was pulled along as the characters developed. The pacing is done very well for those that like to think--enough is kept hidden from the viewer early on and questions keep arising which are later answered producing a well-thought out and very satisfying film both cerebrally and from an action standpoint.<br /><br />It seems some people were looking for a non-stop roller-coaster ride with this film--one of those that comes charging out of the gate. This would be more analogous to one of those coasters that first takes you slowly up the hill--creating a wonderful sense of anticipation--and is ultimately in my mind more fulfilling for the foundation initially laid.<br /><br />Excellent film.
critique878 Alfred Hitchcock's remake of "The Man Who Who Knew Too Much" is usually not considered to be as good as the original but for me it is one of the best films ever. I prefer it over "Vertigo" and "Rear Window."<br /><br />Like "North By Northwest" it is the story of an average man who is unwillingly thrown into the world of international intrigue. James Stewart plays the father of a son who is kidnapped because he is mistaken for an international spy. He will do anything to make sure he gets his son back and protect his family.<br /><br />While the original was good for it's time it is hard to watch by today's standards. The remake has excellent production quality an endearing Doris Day and a really creepy villain. <br /><br />Don't bother to rent this one because you will want to see it over and over.
critique879 To me this was more a wake up call and realization that most all we see hear read and think about most anything is dependent on what the media feeds us. This is a classic example of high level spin doctors attempting to control the masses through controlled information. It is also an excellent example of how people that have a constitution that they freely bought in to will not be swayed by this media control or any attempted mis-information. Once again this shows that at the end of the day the needs of the many will in fact outweigh the needs of the few. It is also enlightening to see that in in a country where there is no religious civil war going on that democracy is not a real hard thing to implement.
critique880 Some bad reviews here for this and I understand why but treat it as a low budget serial killer film and you might get more from it than most.<br /><br />I thought that this worked in a way because afterwards I felt dirty and wanted to take a long shower so that is some degree of success isn't it?<br /><br />I would say there is just the right level of sleaze here to get under your skin although the acting is maybe a bit too uneven. David Hess is only in this brielfy so don not get your hopes up to much if you like Last House.<br /><br />Other than that - worth a look.
critique881 (Synopsis) Graduating high school senior Bartleby "B" Gaines (Justin Long) finds himself without a college to attend. He has been able to talk and con his way out of every problem he encounters but he hasn't been able to charm his way pass the college admissions board of eight colleges. His mom and dad are very disappointed that Bartleby hasn't been accepted into college. His parents think that if Bartleby doesn't go to college he will have no future. Several of Bartleby's friends are in the same situation of being rejected by all the colleges they applied to. To satisfy their parents Bartleby comes up with an idea to start his own college with an internet site. They convert an abandoned psychiatric facility into the South Harmon Institute of Technology. They will be the only students. However the web site states that we accept anyone. On the first day of school they unexpectedly have a large number of accepted students that were also rejected by all colleges. With a million dollars in tuition money Bartleby must make his fake college into a functioning one. He hires Uncle Ben (Lewis Black) as the College Dean. The fun begins when they design their own curriculum make their own rules and party all night.<br /><br />(My Comment) The premise of starting a college without a teaching staff is a little off the wall. Since it was a fake college Bartleby really didn't need a staff. The movie reminded me of the classic movie "Animal House" the college setting the fraternity lots of gags and pretty young women. These new college freshmen had a different notion of what the college experience was all about. The movie not only has lots of humor it also has a good message for life. People should reach for their dream and create a passion for what they want to do in life and not settle for what other people want them to do. The ending was a little unrealistic but it is only a movie. The movie was made for the young crowd to have a little fun. (Universal Pictures Run time 1:32 Rated PG-13) (7/10)
critique882 The film was okay quite entertaining. The cast was pretty good and I'll second what the comment before me mentioned - Glenn Quinn was outstanding and he alone is reason enough to watch this movie. He played the selfish "evil" friend and manager of the band brilliantly!<br /><br />There are a lot of songs performed by "Beyond Gravity" in this film but this doesn't really come as a surprise considering the film is a VH1 production. However if the soft rock/ pop music isn't to someone's liking one might as well flash forward those scenes.<br /><br />The plot of a band trying to make it to the top in L.A. but having to overcome many obstacles on the way isn't too original but quite entertaining with some surprising plot turns here and there.
critique883 I work with children from 0 Ã‚Â– 6 years old and they all love the Doodlebops. The Doodlebops are energetic vibrant and appealing. Once they start singing ''We're the Doodlebops We're the Doodlebops We're the Doodlebops Oh yeah Come and join the fun because we're laughing and we're singing all day" it is almost impossible not to join them in song. The Doodlebops brings the viewer into a world of color and fun. Each show is an adventure the Doodlebops do not try to change the world with preachy messages all they do is have fun while sorting out everyday life challenges that the young child may relate to. The Doodlebops is an refreshing high action alternative to regular children's television programs.
critique884 Definitely one of the lesser of the Astaire/Rogers musicals. It's just very poorly plotted and paced. It only runs a few minutes longer than Swing Time for example but it feels a heck of a lot longer. This is partly due to the secondary romance between Randolph Scott and Harriet Hilliard. Scott is rarely ever interesting. I like Hilliard. She's sweet and I love at least one of her songs "But Where Are You?" ("Get Thee Behind Me Satan" her other number is a weak leftover from Top Hat thankfully cut from that masterpiece). Follow the Fleet would actually be a bad film if not for at least three brilliant dance sequences between Astaire and Rogers. The dancing contest vies for the top spot of any of their numbers. The dance is just fantastic. "I'm Putting All My Eggs in One Basket" presents the two rehearsing a dance that they don't quite have perfected yet. Its imperfections make it all the more perfect. And "Let's Face the Music and Dance" is easily one of Irving Berlin's best songs. So the film is well worth watching for its great moments.
critique885 This is a true gem of corny sci-fi! Peter Cushing adds a great personality to this midnite movie classic.<br /><br />I particularly like the sound design. The weird choppy voices of the creatures and the rhino creatures all provide a bizarre backdrop (Of course the scantily clad babe doesn't hurt either!)<br /><br />
critique886 Hilarious film I had a great time watching it. The star (Cuneyt Arkin sometimes credited as Steve Arkin) is a popular actor from Turkey. He has played in lots of tough-guy roles epic-sword films and romances. It was fun to see him with an international cast and some real lousy looking pair of gloves. If I remember it was also dubbed in English which made things even more funnier. (kinda like seeing John Wayne speak Turkish).
critique887 For those who like their murder mysteries busy this is definitely the one to see as it is chock full of interesting and suspicious characters most of them wealthy Long Island socialite types. As the star detective William Powell is alternately starchy and inspired behaving at times as if he and his suit went to the cleaners and got pressed together. Mary Astor is very lovely here. <br /><br />Powell had made a career out of playing the lead character Philo Vance in a series of movies made at a couple of studios over several years. In-between these films he developed into a somewhat offbeat romantic lead at times even essaying gentleman gangster roles. Already middle-aged he was stuck in somewhat of a career rut by the time this one came along. As with so many early talkie stars it seemed that his time had come and gone that he was fine for early Depression Prohibition-era films but that with changing times he was perhaps too mature and dandyish to endure.<br /><br />The Kennel Murder Case directed by the criminally neglected Michael Curtiz is one of the last of the "old Powells" while the next year would herald in the first of the new ones The Thin Man the success of which would catapult its leading players into the Hollywood stratosphere. In Kennel we can see the movies still in a somewhat stiff ritualized pattern as the camera does not move much with the acting like the presentation tending toward the theatrical. There's no harm in this approach though which has its charms. It gives the movie a baroque quality.
critique888 I completely disagree with the other comments! I too saw this film at an early screening and found it quite enjoyable. Robin Williams is in top form. True the tone is familiar but it is Williams of Good Morning Vietnam: smart funny on point. After too many dark turns Williams is finally back to what he does best. The supporting actors give great performances especially Laura Linney and Chris Walken. Chris plays himself as usual but as the "agent" to the next president he was a delight each time on screen. Lewis Black plays only himself basically but he is wonderfully well used here. There is also a fun turn by Jeff Goldblum. The movie is more than what the trailer suggests as well. The movie is funny but it is not a pure comedy as suggested. It has a bit of a thriller line which everyone should seriously consider especially if you pay attention to the newspaper.
critique889 Otto Preminger's "The Man with the Golden Arm" is a reference to heroin addiction - something that must have been rather risky to film back in 1955 fifty years ago (the censors today STILL have a problem with drug content in films!).<br /><br />The lead role was originally offered to Marlon Brando then snatched by Frank Sinatra before Brando could respond. Sinatra convincingly portrays a pro card dealer and ex-heroin addict who returns home to the city only to find himself battling the demons of temptation.<br /><br />Preminger is one of my favorite directors (his "Anatomy of a Murder" starring James Stewart is a brilliant and revolutionary courtroom drama). Preminger pretty much helped change the face of cinema back in the '50s - "Anatomy of a Murder" was extremely controversial when it came out due to both its plot and content (references to rape women's "panties" seduction etc.) and "The Man with the Golden Arm" deals with a topic that is equally volatile.<br /><br />However Preminger pulls it off without becoming exploitative. This is like a forerunner to "The Panic in Needle Park" (1971) and bears more than a few similarities in terms of general motifs to the classic Billy Wilder movie "Lost Weekend" starring Ray Milland. These three films in particular are probably the best movies about alcoholism predating the 1980s and still remain relevant today.
critique890 The Running Man is one of those films that if overwatched would become boring and depressing even.<br /><br />My advice is to watch it maybe once or twice a year with a couple of mates and a few drinks.<br /><br />In todays climate of TV Media domination and the capitalist mode in society it really does work as a revisionist social commentary post 1980s-boom. Forget that though! There are other brilliant and better reasons to watch this film.<br /><br />Schwarzenegger is on top form as Ben "The Butcher of Bakersfield" Richards and the inclusion of Bond-belting one liners was completely inspired-thety are truly leg-end-dary (with his rant to Killian over a camera the main highlight).<br /><br />The design of the stalkers is authentically American and mirrors the characterizations seen in the PC 'Gladiators' TV show and the WWE as well. Buzz-saw's grisly end will chill any viewer to the core (as a foot note why does his death stand out as particularly disturbing in what is ostensibly an upbeat actioner with a bitter sense of humour?)<br /><br />Jesse Venturer and Sven Ole Thorssen are great as backing muscle (and are Arnies buds in real life) and its even got Mick Fleetwood in it too! What more could you ask for?<br /><br />I highly recommend the Running Man if you're looking for a great piece of entertaining action with a glossty finish and some great characters. Just don't expect an education from it (at least on surface value).<br /><br />Quality I bloody love it actually. You will too unless you're a thesp. 7/10
critique891 I've just watched Roll and what a pleasure it turned out to be. Toby Malone's performance really stood out I found myself actually caring about what happens to Matt throughout the whole of the film which itself is a lot of fun very pacey with a good mix of well rounded characters quite an achievement considering it's short running time. There are plenty of good twists throughout as well it will keep you guessing until the end. Other characters to watch out for are the totally insane Tiny and the sneaky attractive Jesse. It may not have the huge budget of a Hollywood blockbuster but don't let that put you off you could do a lot worse than checking this out you won't regret it. Good Fun. 7/10
critique892 Disgused as an Asian Horror "A Tale Of Two Sisters" is actually a complex character driven psychological drama that engulfs the viewer into the problems of a seemingly normal family. I was really surprised at the depth of this movie. Director Ji-woon Kim's decision to focus more on telling a story rather than providing cheap scares has proved a correct one. Creating one of the most ingenious new horror movies.<br /><br />"A Tale Of Two Sisters" tels the story as it's name suggest of two sisters Su-mi and the younger Su-yeon who after spending time in a mental institution return home to their father and apparently abusive stepmother. From then on we witness how the sisters deal with their stepmother's gradually rising aggression and erratic behavior. To say what would happen next would be to be spoil the entire experience. So I'll just leave it at that.<br /><br />The plot is very tightly written. With the characters nicely fleshed out. Ji-woon Kim's focus on a small cast offers a much more detailed view on them and their relations to one another. Furthermore each of the four main cast has a vastly different role and type of character. From the protective Su-mi the weaker Su-yeon the visibly uninterested father to the stepmother's frantic and later deadly behavior. There is great sense of mystery with a lot of the plot not revealed up into the end and even after that the movie still leaves a great room for interpretation. Even after watching it once the viewer will be compelled to see it at least once more so that he can gain a better understanding to it.<br /><br />The actors superbly fit their roles. It is especially hard to create strong emotional scenes in psychological movies but it is a great joy when one succeeds in creating them and this is a prime example of such a feat. Ji-woon Kim's direction is slow paced and gripping building up tension for the film's horroresque scenes. While few in number those moments are strong and quite frankly terrifying. The cinematography and score are top notch further helping to establish an atmosphere fitting that of a psychological film.<br /><br />"A Tale Of Two Sisters" is a demonstration how the horror genre is in fact so much more than a simple thrill ride. With it's strong focus on character and mystery this is one complex movie that could easily seduce you in watching it again and again just so that you can understand it better.
critique893 Alright this was quite a sensitive little number but I can't help thinking I've seen it before. Reminds me of another VCA film I saw at Poitier called "THE OTHER DAYS OF RUBY RAE" Also had specks of "Welcome to the Dollhouse" and "Ratcatcher" and Lynne Ramsay in it's execution. Which is not to say that they're not tasteful references...just that they feel very modern and very fashionable...which makes me feel like this is closer to advertising (as an approach in style and story) than the work of an original and authentic auteur to come.<br /><br />The cinematography is just...too perfect for my liking. Too coral filter (or charcoal) for my liking...too archly framed 12mm. Therefore the entire impression left me a little distant -- beware of art that proclaims itself too readily! The french (they are a conservative bunch) seemed to buy it as did the jury however... but Cannes short film selection is notoriously conservative compared to it's feature selection although I wonder what's been happening in the last few years.
critique894 This amazing Oscar winner (4 in total) and John Ford's first Academy Award winner is simply spellbinding with a pounding score by Max Steiner. Called an Art film because Ford had very little money to make this great story about guilt and retribution and greed and stupidity. But what makes this movie such a classic is the direction and astounding photography and use of fog and lighting that was so different from the usual American film and more in the tradition of German expressionism. And the Oscar winning performance by Victor McLaglen as the drunken Gypo is simply unbelievable. Basically the movie takes place in Ireland and Gypo turns in a friend in the rebel movement to the English to collect 20 pounds to give to his girlfriend. But having all that money he starts blowing it on an all night drunk and giving it away while the leaders of the movement are trying to track down the informer. The whole movie is one night in a dark and foggy Ireland and a cast of characters that are memorable but all along the whole world of Gypo is closing in on him both psychologically. If I had to pick maybe three directors to have ALL their movies on a deserted island forever and nobody elses John Ford would certainly be one of them. What a truly remarkable movie...
critique895 I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I enjoyed this. However the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies. It's definitely something that most people will not get as is the nature of absurdism.<br /><br />the animation is horrible but yes that's the point. The main character is foul mouthed violent and stupid. no redeeming qualities whatsoever. his wife shrieks and wails apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills. most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.<br /><br />but again that's the point ;)<br /><br />If non sequiters foul language and complete and utter randomness are your thing you're going to love this.<br /><br />It is really short so I would probably rent instead of buying.
critique896 Hell to Pay is a bit bloody for my taste even though it is no worse than many films. Nevertheless I did enjoy the parade of seasoned stars and the western scenery & all; but the story-line was very weak and I couldn't really see the point of it all. However the music that accompanies the movie more than makes up for the lackluster film.<br /><br />Where did the guys -Nate & Noah Cryns- who wrote this music come from? They are awesome!! From the moment the music begins it is by far better than anything I've heard in years. I think it may be the best I've ever heard! Even though I wasn't thrilled with the action taking place on the film the music evoked the exact emotion that was needed for each scene. I was transported in time to the old west during the opening credits and really felt like I was re-living those old days through the music.<br /><br />This movie is definitely worth a purchase and a viewing for the beautiful music and a trip down memory lane to see the old western stars once again.
critique897 A sweet little movie which would not even offend your Grandmother "Saving Grace" seems cut from the same cloth as a half-dozen other British comedies over the past two years...underdog is faced with adversity finds the strength to challenge and learns something about him/herself in the process.<br /><br />Widowed and thus broke Grace is a master gardener and is enlisted to help her friend/employee Matthew grow his pot plant. He's been doing it all wrong so Grace helps him out. They realize that she is the perfect person to harvest pot which they can both benefit from. He enjoys smoking she needs to raise funds to pay her mortgage. <br /><br />Highlight is Grace travelling to London to deal some of her merchandise dressed in what looks like the white suit John Travolta wore in "Saturday Night Fever" and therefore sticking out like a sore thumb. <br /><br />Blethyn is always watchable and you can't say that about a lot of people..well I can't anyway. Ferguson is very good and Tcheky Karyo who I liked in "La Femme Nikita" is memorable. <br /><br />Not profoundly moving or insightful but immensely entertaining and at a brisk 90 minutes feels like a walk with friends. 8/10.
critique898 The great James Cagney top-billed in big letters doesn't show up till the movie's second third and probably has less screen time than Dudley Digges who plays the eee-vill reform-school potentate. But when Jimmy arrives as a deputy commissioner of something-or-other out to reform reform schools he slashes the air with his hands and jumps on the balls of his feet and spits out punchy Warners-First National dialogue with all the customary and expected panache. The psychology in this crisp antique one of Warners' many efforts to assert its place as the "socially conscious" studio doesn't run deep: Digges is bad just because the script requires him to be and there's the quaint notion that juvenile delinquents will turn into swell kids if they're just given a dash of autonomy. But it's made in that spare fast style that the studio specialized in and it never bores. Frankie Darro who got into all kinds of onscreen trouble during a brief tenure as Warners' favorite Rotten Street Kid is an ideal JD -- a handsome charismatic toughie with a pug nose and a hate-filled stare that could wither steel. No kid actor today can touch him.
critique899 Extremely good cinematic story of gay embittered former teen star now waiting tables. The sexual ambiguities are explored here realistically and with an actual human face. This and throw in a serial killer on the loose and you have LOVE AND THE HUMAN REMAINS. A well portrayed drama a strange sense of humor and a mystery. The screenplay is fluid and believable. The performances are well above average and the twists in the story are sharp.<br /><br />This certainly isn't everyone's ideal notion of a movie but for those who appreciate something different and slickly written it's very much worthy of your time. Highly recommended.
critique900 A number of factors make it easy for me to state that I still think this is the most important science fiction film ever made despite some of the acting outdated dialogue etc.<br /><br />First there is the scale of imagination in describing the Krell a humanoid race native to the planet now all dead who were 1 million years more advanced than Earth humans(us) and their technology particularly the 8000 cubic mile machine.<br /><br />Second there is the music and sound effects which are inseparable from each other. It creates an eerie unearthly feeling unlike "2001" which had traditional classical music.<br /><br />Third its "monster" is not only the most powerful and deadly ever envisioned it's also based on real science and doesn't break the laws of physics and biology.<br /><br />Finally and most importantly Forbidden Planet is the only movie ever made that attempts and more incredibly succeeds in making an honest intelligent and mercilessly logical statement on the limits or ceiling of human (or any other biological entity's) development no matter how long we survive as a species.<br /><br />In other words it predicts our inevitable destiny.
critique901 In Extramarital we see B-actress Traci Lords at her very best. She's all wrapped in horror & suspense here a type of role that suits her very well.<br /><br />This mainstream movie lends a lot of its atmosphere from Paul Verhoeven's 'Basic Instinct' (1992) by the way. However there are differences between the main female characters of Traci Lords ('99) and that of Sharon Stone ('92). For instance in Extramarital Traci adds some tiny elements from her porn-past. We also shouldn't forget mentioning Extramarital's three main actors. By putting down a convincing performance each of them greatly contributes to the overall quality of this movie. <br /><br />All this makes Extramarital into a very enjoyable B-movie. Its storyline shows a good build-up its tense being well-spread from start to finish. This movie keeps you at the edge of your seat until its unexpected end.
critique902 It was a bit bizarre and evil and i enjoyed it a lot the characters in the show were great as well and complimented one another well. I was sorry to see it cut off.. I would have loved to see where it could have went.You found yourself leaning toward Lucas Buck the sheriff who had more secrets than anyone. Lucas was frightening and alluring. And I would have liked to have seen more of him and how his character became. I will however buy the show just to enjoy it was great to something different on TV. And Paige Turrco who was Caleb's cousin she was a big mystery as to where and what she meant to Lucas. Its a shame it isn't around still.. or was never finished i would have loved to see what would have happened.
critique903 Back in the 60's this grim study of Joy a young proletarian wife was the introduction to the career of Ken Loach who became one of the most distinguished and respected British filmmakers of all time. By then I knew very little about Brecht politics or the reality of the under-privileged and I was quite impressed by the aesthetic of the film its free style its austere color cinematography and Joy's monologues in front of the camera. I was also much surprised to find that Terence Stamp (who had become a celebrity thanks to "Billy Budd" "The Collector" and "Modesty Blaise") had so little screen time. Although 20th Century Fox distributed "Poor Cow" in Panama Loach did not stay in mainstream cinema (which this film hardly is) and I lost contact with his films. I just heard of his successes "Kes" "Family Life" "Black Jack". until I caught up in the 80's. The beautiful title song by Donovan by the way is available in his anthology "Troubadour".
critique904 This is not Bela Lagosi's best movie but it's got a good old style approach for some 40's horror entertainment.<br /><br />Brides are dropping dead at the altar like flies. I think I'd postpone the wedding until after the fiend is caught but it's a horror movie so I guess people ignore the danger for some reason. Anyway Lagosi is a mad doctor who needs young female blood to keep his aging sickly wife healthy and happy. He always eludes the Keystone Cops by hiding the bodies in a hearse (who would think of looking for a corpse in a hearse?) and the brides just keep on getting zapped.<br /><br />No movie like this would be complete without a Lois Lane type female reporter who wants to catch the criminal on her own. Good at solving crime bad at keeping her mouth shut at all the wrong times guess who Lagosi picks for his next intended victim. I love the "haunted house" bit where Lois Lane gets stranded by a thunderstorm as a guest at Lagosi's sinister mansion. Hidden passageways a vampire-like wife an evil dwarf Igor assistant and so on. Good stuff.<br /><br />Fairly well done pacing keeps the film moving and the story resolves itself in a typical but satisfying manner. If you like old horror movies this one is worth a watch.
critique905 Return to Me is a movie you will want to own. It is a story of inspiration and family love that appeals to all ages. The story though seemingly impossible aspires to divine intervention when a man looses his wife in a tragic accident and finds that love again in the woman who receives his wife's heart. David Duchovny and Minnie Driver give warm hearted performances as the designated to-be-lovers who meet by chance. But the real story lies in the friends and family around them who love and support them in times of trial. Carol O'Connor as Minnie Driver's grandfather is authentic in every scene. Bonnie Hunt as the friend whose wit and encouragement underlines Minnie as a 'sister' is funny yet warm in the scenes especially with James Belushi as her husband. Classic scenes and writing makes this story so enjoyable and touching to watch over and over again. Thank you for making a movie that demonstrates families and friends as close knit caring people who love each other through difficult times.
critique906 My grandmother bought me this film when I was 5 (I've always love scary movies) and even then I enjoyed it. The atmosphere is awesome and the story original and entertaining. I especially love the scenes where the RV is under attack in the desert. The rocks are actually convincing for such a low-budget flick. The acting is above average for these kinds of films and the music is eerie. This is definitely an uder-rated gem. I recommend it to anyone who likes these strange films from the late seventies early eighties such as "Alice Sweet Alice" "Poor Pretty Eddie" "Nightmare" "Hospital Massacre" and "Return of the Aliens the Deadly Spawn". Definitely a classic!!
critique907 This Showtime movie really deserves a far better viewer rating than a 4.5; I gave it a 10 based on the story and the acting of the two stars. After reading the viewer comments I was surprised at how many folks expected this movie to be a comedy. Yeah I see that IMDb lists it as Comedy/Drama under Genre. That sure is misleading isn't it? Fortunately I saw the movie before logging onto this website so I did not have that expectation. In fact based on the synopsis of what I heard I fully expected it to simply be a Drama. I'm wondering if disappoint at this not being a funny movie caused so many low votes.<br /><br />Another factor that might have caused low votes is that this movie is very much 'character-driven'. 'Driving Miss Daisy' is an example of another character-driven movie that comes to mind. Someone's previous comment complained about a boring trial. Tom's (Danny Glover) work scenes seemed to distract from the real plot of the movie. That is how he was engineering the upward social climb of his family - or his personal troops if you will. However they served to establish credibility and justification as his right to move to Greenwich and move 'up' in the world.<br /><br />Tom's obsession became a compulsion. He proved that he would stop at nothing to blend into the white neighborhood. His chagrin when another black person moved next door was not due to skin color. It was because of everything the 'interloper' represented; everything that Tom had left behind. In essence Tom had become an Oreo cookie: Black on the outside but White on the inside.<br /><br />The last 20 minutes of this movie are among the most powerfully written directed and acted (by Whoopi Goldberg) I have ever had the pleasure to witness. I realized that the climax of the film was not the obvious event that happened next door (don't want to give it away). The climax is verbal and Whoopi delivers it. I am still not clear if it is the conversation when she informs Tom which college Tom -Two is going to or when she releases it all in the middle of the night and Tom wakes up. Nevertheless the denouement is great. You know that life on that street will never be the same.<br /><br />My favorite kind of character-driven flick: people go through problems some pain do their dance they grow they change and life goes on. As an audience member I may learn something or be inspired.
critique908 I'm a HUGE fan of the twin sisters. Although this was one of their "not soo good" movies. I'm not saying it's bad I can't say it's bad but this whole popular and not popular thingy isn't good. Although I give this movie a 4.
critique909 SPOILER WARNING<br /><br />We've all heard the "Boy Who Cried Wolf" legend. But what if the wolf was a person in the modern world. Well it might be something like Big Fat Liar. Fourteen-year-old Jason Sheperd ( Frankie Muniz from "Malcolm in the Middle" ) is always lying to keep himself out of trouble. One day he is pressured to write an English essay but it winds up in the hands of sleazy film-maker Marty Wolf ( Paul Giamatti ) who plans to turn Jason's story into a Hollywood blockbuster. No one believes Jason when he for once tells the truth and he ends up in summer school. However Jason is determined to prove to his parents the truth and travels to L.A. with his friend Kaylee ( Amanda Bynes ). When Wolf refuses to admit he ripped off his story Jason plans to make Wolf's life a living hell. B.F.L. is no masterpiece but it's a nice way to spend 90 minutes of you're time. I wished they could've made it a bit longer though and there aren't that much pranks although they are clever enough ( I like the pool-dye the best ). I might not have liked this as much as I do if it weren't for Paul Giamatti. He is simply hilarious in this. If you have 90 minutes to kill try this out. You might just enjoy it.
critique910 I think that most of the folks who have posted comments on this movie don't understand how to watch a movie and/or have little sense of elegance. First to assess a movie you need to understand the extent to which everything in the film works together. Modern sensibilities demand great drama. No I don't mean great setting of characters and plots but they seem to demand emotional trajectories that are greatly tragic or greatly comedic. This is a subtle movie. Its beauty lies in its subtlety (not to be confused with simplicity). Neither the story nor the characters are simple in this movie. It is a beautifully filmed movie that makes the most of combining sensuousness politics human weakness venality...you name it. The world it's set in would be alien and not understood today...a world where if you have it you have to flaunt it NOW and LOUDLY even if you only think you have it.<br /><br />Many people today don't understand that Victorian society wasn't really Victorian as people understand that term today.<br /><br />This movie helps set the record straight.
critique911 Crackerjack is another classic Aussie film. As so many Australian films like The Castle The Dish and Sunday Too Far Away it goes somewhere that hasn't been widely explored in film before this time it is the game of Lawn Bowls and bowling clubs. Crackerjack is a much slower paced sports movie than many you will find such as Remember the Titans or Million Dollar Babybut the characters involved are athletes in their own right. This movie is a show case of a large area of Australian culture and features a sport that is popular and on the rise of popularity in Australia. Mick Molloy presents a classic unforgettable character. It really is a must see.
critique912 I saw this when I was 17 and haven't seen it since. The 'CBS Late Movie' used to show it on a regular basis at one point. I remember how sad and upsetting it was it truly made me sick to my stomach. Effects then weren't what they are today but nevertheless it conveyed the feeling of being alone in the Amazon after losing both parents and searching for a way out very well. I remember the bugs and maggots the most so realistic they were eating her flesh. It's a dark film which was controversial subject matter at the time even though likely it was strongly edited for TV. I wish I remembered more details and if I ever get the chance to see it again I can comment more. I have been looking for this for years. I believe it may have been shown on CBS under yet another title. I have no idea whether it was ever released on video.
critique913 there should be a sub-genre in the Western called 'the Robert Mitchum Western'. Mitchum's brilliant idiosyncratic usually undervalued Westerns import his film noir persona to etch some compellingly dark character sketches and bring an elegiac world-weariness more familiar from the films of Sam Peckinpah. 'Man with the gun' is one of his best. Directed by Orson Welles protege Richard Wilson it is a stark monochrome beauty full of chilling silhouettes and terrifying outbursts of savage violence as Mitchum comes to tame a town terrorised by a monopolist with a private army. Mitchum's regression from soft-spoken stranger to deranged murderer with a host of dark emotions in between is a marvel of expressive physical acting.
critique914 I saw this film at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival. I went in with the assumption that if it stars Chiwetel Ejiofor and Hilary Swank it had to be at least decent. Well after a kind of a slow start I was far from disappointed. In fact I was quite pleased with the final product.<br /><br />I must admit the Afrikaaner and Xhosa(?) accented English of some of the actors were kind of hard to understand but like seeing "Waking Ned Devine" "Trainspotting" or any other film with heavy-accented actors I adjusted after about 15 minutes. And I was trying to figure out why Hilary Swank was supposed to be South African and sounded like she was trying to put on an accent but sounded very American... as if she was making a weak attempt at putting on the accent. But later in the film as more is revealed about her character and how she moved to the US as a teen you begin to understand how she might have lost some or most of her accent. So it began to make sense that only certain words might have a Afrikaaner lilt to them.<br /><br />I know it's a little weak for one to use film as education but one of the great things about this film is that it was interesting to see a dramatization of a Truth and Reconciliation trial. I'd heard about the T and R process in South Africa after the fall of apartheid but I didn't really know how it worked.<br /><br />The final verdict is that although some of the scenes felt a little contrived this was overall a very strong film. The closing sequence where the "truth" comes out was the strong finish every film hopes for. A definite must see for anyone who cares about what happens outside their borders.
critique915 As a young teenager at the time Airwolf was compulsory viewing for a generation who wanted their "Cowboys and Indians" to have amazing gadgets and whizz-bang explosions.<br /><br />In many ways the show was essentially Knight Rider in the skies: similar comic-book technology a central character who was essentially a loner and echoing the concept of one man making a difference.<br /><br />But in other important ways it was thematically very different from Knight Rider Street Hawk The A-Team and other action shows of the time. For one thing the premise of the series is built not on a desire to help those in need but by Stringfellow Hawke's possession of Airwolf for essentially selfish reasons (as leverage to try to find his MIA brother St John). And then there is the dark edge provided by basing the series firmly in an 80s Cold War context complete with Soviet espionage and Central American dictators not to mention the enemy within. Sure The A-Team constantly referred back to Vietnam and the team's status as fugitives but it was generally done with a light touch and was rarely central to the plot itself. With Airwolf the intrigue was key to the tone and direction of the show - although this was (ill-advisedly) diluted as the series went on.<br /><br />With hindsight the Cold War setting clearly dates the series many of the stories are creaky and contrived and much of what Airwolf does is clearly implausible even with today's technology. But that's really not the point. Airwolf was rip-roaring fun it tried to tell interesting stories without relying solely on the big action sequences and it didn't sugar-coat everything by miraculously ensuring nobody died. Sometimes it failed but often it succeeded admirably - and on a TV budget to boot.<br /><br />For UK readers DMAX (Sky channel 155) have just started (Jan 2008) daily re-runs of Airwolf. Set your Sky+ box for this blast from the past - we may even get the re-tooled re-cast (and sadly vastly inferior) fourth season which to my knowledge has never previously been shown in the UK.
critique916 I really enjoyed Fierce People. I discovered the film by accident searching through my On-Demand movie lists trying to find something interesting to watch. The film is mostly about class in America and it quickly grabs your attention. The characters are smart and articulate and the story doesn't stick to the usual Hollywood rules.<br /><br />The main protagonist is Finn a precocious but underprivileged 15 year old who spends his summer with the Osbourne family. Donald Sutherland plays the patriarch Ogden C. Osborne the seventh richest man in America. Diane Lane plays Finn's mother a friend of Ogden who is also a habitual cocaine user and a slut. The Osbournes own a large estate and seems to live by their own rules. At first they seem charming and sophisticated but the super-rich are different. They are used to getting their own way. The film is enjoyable mainly because it has crisp intelligent dialog superb acting and a story which takes unexpected turns. It is also an R rated movie so it's not entirely wholesome. <br /><br />The cast is excellent. Anton Yelchin is believable and sympathetic in the demanding role of Finn. Sutherland and Diane Lane have never been better. Chris Evans is impressive as Osbourne's devious grandson. Kristen Stewart is good as the pretty grand daughter. High quality movie.
critique917 One of the most poetic narrative films ever made WAGONMASTER is nonetheless a difficult film to immediately like. I love this movie but I recommend seeing some of John Ford's other westerns before taking a look at this one. The first time I saw it I was 18 years old and I hadn't seen too many other westerns and I hated it. I thought it was incredibly boring. I kept waiting for something to happen. It took several years for me to love this picture. First I fell in love with westerns in general -- the traditions characters landscapes ways of talking etc -- and that made me realize when I saw WAGONMASTER again that a lot is happening in it after all.<br /><br />I also was simply a more experienced moviegoer at that point and had learned to appreciate visual storytelling and to listen to what each image was telling me. WAGONMASTER is a very visual movie by one of the most visual of directors working near the peak of his career.<br /><br />The movie is a celebration of a way of life and its subject matter is more emotional and interior than other Ford westerns. Actually that's not really as accurate as saying that rather it has a lot less exterior action than the other westerns. (The other westerns have exterior action AND interior emotion.) It quite beautifully places its Mormon pioneers in the context of nature. There are many shots of animals and children -- not for any surface narrative purpose but for illustrating this idea. That is why the movie can be called a poem. It isn't about the surface story (which barely exists) nearly as much as it is about an emotional idea and it gets this idea across through composition editing sound and music. In fact one could argue that this is a purer form of filmmaking because the images directly express the emotional idea of the film rather than having to first service a "story."<br /><br />Give this movie a chance and allow it to exist on its own terms not the terms of other westerns or other movies.
critique918 This young filmmaker has a talent for capturing his audience quickly with unusual camera work and sparse but intense scripts. The concept here of combining animation with live footage is remarkably well-executed and the soundtrack is very good.<br /><br />The decision to release the movie in twelve parts online puts the onus on the director to make each episode fascinating enough for the viewer to invest in buying each upcoming episode. I only wish all motion pictures had this kind of commitment to keeping their audiences entertained throughout their stories.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
critique919 In a genre by itself this film has a limited audience and narrow appeal coupled with a subtle undertone which permeates the entire production. Nevertheless it is a remarkable piece of cinema which is as timeless as a rare work of art. Capturing a time in QuÃƒÂ©bec rarely seen in movies Mon Oncle Antoine's strength lies in the depth of its characters and the richness of the settings. Duplessis' QuÃƒÂ©bec parochial and feudal is brilliantly cast as the backdrop which could not possibly be achieved by anyone other than a pure laine QuÃƒÂ©becois.<br /><br />It would be far too easy to resort to stereotypes clichÃƒÂ©s and single-minded myopic statements in this story. Yet the director chose to skip the forced imagery and instead focused on the essence of life in rural QuÃƒÂ©bec of the time. That makes this film exceptional in its authenticity while not being pretentious in its presentation. If only more contemporary cinematic endeavors would do the same the viewing public might not be forced to choose between the over-hyped Hollywood Pablum that passes for 'Must See' viewing.<br /><br />Mon Oncle Antoine is - in every sense of the word - unforgettable. It will leave a lasting impression on anyone who has ever lived in - or visited - QuÃƒÂ©bec. A classic. **********************************************<br /><br />Follow-up: 10 May 2008<br /><br />After reviewing some of the comments it's worth noting Mon oncle Antoine is NOT - and probably wasn't MEANT to serve as standard Hollywood/American cinema for mass market sales. A coming of age story yes but far more than simple memoirs of adolescence in 1940's QuÃƒÂ©bec. Viewers who're looking for sheer entertainment at the expense of complex development of the characters will be sorely disappointed. Go watch action/adventure/romance/comedies to be amused. Watch Mon oncle Antoine to be drawn into a seldom seen but absolutely remarkable society that has been overlooked and ignored for far too long.<br /><br />The Grapes of Wrath is hardly an edge-of-the-seat thriller yet the story and characters are what makes this American classic an enduring film. Mon oncle Antoine is in the same genre.
critique920 I rented this movie on DVD without knowing what to expect - and as I am about to study film-making in Canada of all places I most certainly will bring this up in class.<br /><br />The story centered around the probably most unlucky film team in the history of film itself is brilliantly written and the very talented actors manage to deliver every single pun on time.<br /><br />If you simply couldn't laugh during "Hollywood North" I suggest seeing a psychiatrist right away - you might have serious issues.<br /><br />Besides the wonderful script I also noticed the great chemistry between actors Deborah Kara Unger and Matthew Modine - where they really just acting? Jennifer Tilly (playing a hilariously bad actress) and Martin Landau also delivered a very edgy yet funny performance.<br /><br />Great film even better cast.
critique921 In the late sixties director Sergio Corbucci made four spaghetti westerns in a row--the classics THE MERCENARY THE GREAT SILENCE THE SPECIALISTS and COMPANEROS. Three of these all except THE SPECIALISTS are constantly turning up on ten best lists when spaghetti westerns are rated. Until recently all I had seen was a very poor quality compilation with some English some Italian a fuzzy picture and it was nearly incomprehensible. Now having seen a beautiful widescreen version with subtitles (still in two languages however) I can safely include THE SPECIALISTS in that group of four classics. Johnny Halliday is very good as the charismatic Hud a notorious hand with the gun returning to Blackstone to investigate the death of his brother who was lynched by the townspeople for losing their savings. It involves a voluptuous beauty who owns the bank a Mexican bandit leader El Diablo who was once friends with Hud an honest sheriff who dreams of better days and a small band of hippies--well it was the late sixties and hippies were everywhere even apparently in our westerns. It's not a desert western shot in the alps somewhere and is lovely to look at. There is a bit more nudity than I expect in a western but that's not a bad thing. Sylvie Fennec is lovely as Sheba who may be Hud's niece or dead brother's girlfriend...that's never made clear. This film deserves to be seen and once again we plea for a nice DVD with all the trimmings--I think THE SPECIALISTS would be as well known as any of Corbucci's other westerns and that's high praise indeed.
critique922 In order to rate this movie fairly you have to think about the genre it's supposed to be: children's. They had more guidelines to follow in order to make this movie (meaning it could not get away with some of the humor and or language from the 1st) taking all that in this movie was fun and enjoyable to watch. Sequels usually make me nervous however this one did pretty well for itself. Knowing that it didn't have the star power of Fraiser as George they capitalized on the humor and i believe Showeman did pretty well as the lead. The plot being easy to follow and maybe campy at times fits well for a younger audience if you want to watch a movie and hope for academy award honors this is not it but if you want to watch a simple fun energy filled movie you would make a good choice with this one.
critique923 This would have to be by far the greatest series I have ever seen. I vividly watched every sunday night and purchased the box set as soon as it was available. this is a timeless play written by a fantastic Australian that people of all ages could relate to whether they are Australian or not however for those of us that are Australian it truly brings across the typical Australian icon. A must see 10/10
critique924 It could have been better had it been directed by someone with more experience. Shumlin didn't do a bad job but it is not a great work of cinematic art.<br /><br />It is however a beautiful movie. I have loved it since local channels used to show it. Graham Greene is one of my favorite writers of the last century. Some pretty bad movies were made from his novels and stories. (Many love "The Fallen Idol" but I am not among them. I think I saw "Brighton Rock" once many years ago and liked it but maybe I'm simply thinking fondly of the novel.) This is superbly cast. Charles Boyer does not it's true come across as Spanish. But he seems to have the perfect temperament for this character -- tired wary caring. Lauren Bacall is appealing as the British girl who falls for him. But the supporting players are the best: Katina Paxinou is excellent. Her performance is a little Grand Guignol but I attribute that to the director. Peter Lorre whom we first meet as he gives Boyer a lesson in an Esperanto-like universal language is excellent -- as always.<br /><br />And Wanda Hendrix could break the hardest heart. She comes across as a precocious early teenager. The character wants to be helpful. She does her best.<br /><br />I recommend this movie highly. Not without reservations. The reservation is primarily that it is a little stolid. But the story and acting can scarcely be bettered.
critique925 This is a nice movie with good performances by Paz Vega and Leonardo Sbaraglia . Of course Vicente Aranda is a legend in Spanish Cinema and surely one of the great directors in Spanish cinema but I don't think this is one of his greatest movies even if it's fine. The screenplay plays with the introduction of MerimeÃƒÂ© as a character  it's a nice touch but it's unbelievable. The music is composed by Jose Nieto  National Spanish Prize in Cinema. I mean this movie is very good in all the technical aspects .There are very good actors in supporting roles like Antonio Dechent  Maria Botto and others . I give it 7 out of 10 cause I think this could be a better movie but as it is it is not boring at all.
critique926 Best show since Seinfeld. She's really really funny. Her total self centeredness the hulking gay stoner neighbors the departures into song or cartoons make this the freshest show on TV. One of the few shows I make point of watching. The scene with the wise old black lady in the drugstore ("oh wait now that you're close you do look old" turns face with finger and walks away lol) the cough syrup overdose sleeping with God it's all so funny or so stupid it's just a lot of fun. The shows weak points are her sister and the cop-only because they're too darn normal!! I really can't wait until the next show something I haven't felt for any show in a long time.
critique927 The filming is cheesy. Some of the actors overact. Some of the actions are unexplained and unexplainable. But...<br /><br />This movie is in the mode of the psychological dramas of the 50s.<br /><br />It is a morality play. Similar to the movie in which a "method" actor becomes the evil character he portrays on stage Ed is forced to watch slasher movies because he is the film editor. It gives him a nervous breakdown which leads to a complete psychotic break.<br /><br />
critique928 Saw this today with my 8 year old. I thought it was cute. I agree with the other poster that it wasn't anything like the book that I can remember but we still enjoyed it. All of the kids are pretty good and all in all pretty entertaining. Billy is the new kid who accepts a dare by the school bully to eat 10 worms in a day. If he loses he has to walk down the hall at school with worms in his pants. The beginning of the movie is set up to show that Billy has a VERY weak stomach and pukes at almost anything. Hilarity ensues with a bunch of different way to cook the worms. Good message about standing up to bullies and of course a sappy happy ending.
critique929 Like most I thought 'another crocodile movie'. So far we've had Primeval and Rogue in the last 12 months what can they do that's new? Where both those films were about action and violence this one's about fear and tension.<br /><br />The performances aren't Oscar-worthy when there's nothing going on but in times of distress or terror these people suffer so much it's like torture. There are holes in the plot and maybe crocs don't really behave like this as others have pointed out but the fear is so effective it's a stretch to say you'll enjoy this movie. It'll leave you feeling as uncomfortable as The Passion of the Christ.
critique930 Godard once said a way to criticize a movie is to just make one and probably the strongest kind that could be made about Ralph Bakshi's take on Tolkien's magnum opus the Lord of the Rings has actually been made by Peter Jackson. The recent trilogy to me aren't even total masterpieces but they are given enough room with each book to breath in all the post-modern techniques crossed with classical storytelling to make them very good sweeping entertainments. <br /><br />But as one who has not read the books I end up now looking upon the two versions live-action (albeit partly animated in its big visual effects way) and animated (albeit partly done with actual live action as the framework) in relation to just the basic story not even complete faithfulness to the books. And with Bakshi's version it's almost not fair in a way as what we do see is really not the complete vision not what Jackson really had (probably final cut). Robbed of Return of the King's big climactic rush of the story and with the other two parts becoming rushed I ended up liking it more for what it did within its limitations though as such those same limitations make it disappointing.<br /><br />What's interesting too after seeing the Jackson films first- which I also slightly regret being that I might've reacted to this differently when I was younger and prior to five years ago- is that the basic elements of the story never get messed up with. Everything that is really needed to tell the Fellowship of the Ring story is actually pretty much intact and if anything what was probably even more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book is given some clarity in this section. The actors playing the parts of the hobbits and the other heroes are more or less adequate for the parts with a few parts standing out (John Hurt as Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /><br />The lack of extra characterization does end up making things seem a little face-value for those who've not even seen the other films or read the books and can't put them into context. But there is some level of interest always with the characters and here there's a more old-fashioned sensibility amid the large aura of it being more. This is not a garden variety Disney adaptation- warts and all this is a Bakshi film with his underground animation roots colliding with the mythical world of Middle Earth.<br /><br />And what Bakshi and his animation team bring to the film is one that ends up giving what is on screen in all its abbreviated form its hit or miss appeal. Along with being not totally complete as a film or as stories the form of the film is an experiment to see if something can be entirely rotoscoped. The results end up bringing what seems now to be retro but at the time of course was something that was a rough crazy inspiration on the part of the filmmakers. Might it have been better with more traditional drawn animation? In some parts yeah; it does become a little noticeable as was also the case in Bakshi's American Pop that the main characters move in such ways that are a little shaky like some kind of comic-book form done in a different way. Still there's much I admired in what was done. <br /><br />The orcs for example I found to be really amazing in they're surreal surroundings. They're maybe the best part of the combination of the animation on top of the live-action especially during parts where there isn't battle footage (that's really the real hit-or-miss section as there isn't continuity from the good and bad rotoscoping) and the chiaroscuro comes through with big shapes on top of horseback. It's creepy in a good way. And the backgrounds while also very rough and sometimes too sketchy are beautiful with the mixtures and blasts of colors together. It's almost something for art-film buffs as much as for the ring-nuts.<br /><br />So how would I recommend this animated take on the Lord of the Rings? I don't know to tell the truth. It's certainly a good notch above the other Tolkien animated film I've seen the Hobbit (and I've yet to see the animated ROTK) and there is some real artistry going on. There's also some stilted dialog an all-too-rushed Two Towers segment with the most intriguing character Gollum being reduced to maybe two scenes in all. And seeing something as fragmented like this ends up only reinforcing the completeness of the more recent films. <br /><br />If you're a fan of the books contemplating checking this out I would say it's worth a chance even if it's one of those chances where you watch for forty minutes and then decide whether to stop it or not. As for it fitting into Bakshi's other films I've seen it's an impressive ambitious and spotty achievement where as with Lynch's Dune it's bound to draw a dark mordor-like line in the sand between those who hate it passionately and those who don't. I don't.
critique931 The above profile was written by me when I used the nick of OldWereWolf56 which is still my email address. I still believe Andy Devine's character of Frisky is the best Twilight Zone's episodes ever and I watch this episode at least once a year as I consider Frisby to be a fortunate man as he has many friends who love him dearly. <br /><br />In case many of you are too young to remember I'm 61 Andy Devine hosted a children's entertainment show in the 50's I believe called Andy's Gang. On it he had three assistants: a cat named Midnight who played the violin a mouse named Squeaky who played an a hand organ and a devilish toad named Froggy who's could appear and disappear at will embarrassing many of Andy's funny guest stars like Billy Gilbert.
critique932 A brilliant portrait of a traitor (Victor McLaglen in Oscar winning performance) who is hounded by his own conscience. McLaglen plays an IRA rouge who betrays his leader to collect a reward during Ireland's Sinn Fein Rebellion. The scenes showing fights and mob actions are very realistic focusing on the desperation within individuals. The lack of hope for a better future seems to be a fate worse than death.<br /><br />Director John Ford superbly creates an murky and tense atmosphere enhanced by the foggy and grimy depiction of the Irish landscape. Max Steiner's dramatic music score adds to the cinematic delight. Oscar Winner also for Best Screenplay nominated for Best Picture. This is one of Hollywood's Classic.
critique933 I saw the latter half of this movie about a year ago and was very happy to finally find it available on DVD. Recently I watched several of the reality series on PBS about ranching etc. None of them came as close to telling the story as this movie does. Based on REAL reality pulling no punches bleak happy tragic and enlightening this is a movie that should be shown to students or to anyone interested in early frontier life. Fine acting on the part of both Rip Torn and Conchata Ferrell add to an well done script. The opening credit states that it was done though funds supplied through the National Endowment for the Humanities. If this is the kind of product taxes could go to I would be happy to see more. I highly recommend it and would encourage people to tell a friend if you have seen it and enjoyed the film.
critique934 I have watched this movie time and time and time again - each time it makes me laugh it makes me think and it makes me cry. Robin Tuney does an incredible job of portraying Marcy (and I'm kind of glad that Kate Winslet and that other lady turned down her part) its just one of those rolls that you know that no one else could have even compared.<br /><br />Its a beautiful love story of these 2 very different people in crappy situations that team up together. They stand beside each other no matter what even if it is in an odd situation and crazy ways.<br /><br />I'll tell you now its not for everyone - out of everyone I've shown it to I'd say the results are 50/50 - but if you like it you'll love it and want to share it with others! 10 stars all the way!
critique935 This will not likely be voted best comedy of the year a few too many coincidences and plot holes. However we are talking about a movie where a hit-man and a white bread salesman become buddies so a few vagaries shouldn't come as too much of a surprise. Brosnan is excellent in this role gone is the wooden James Bond (a role he was wasted in). If he can maintain this kind of quality I hope he continues to make comedies. Greg Kinnear is also excellent as Brosnan's straight man. I've read a few negative comments in here about Hope Davis but I thought she was quite good as a mousy housewife with a dark side buried deep within. There are lots of good chuckles as Brosnan sleazes his way through and a few scenes where I nearly died laughing. My father (a consultant) nearly lost it when Julian describes himself as a "facilitator". Much like "Grosse Pointe Blank" another hit-man comedy the humour can be very dark. If you are in to that be prepared to enjoy yourself.
critique936 Dark Angel is a futuristic sci-fi series set in post-apocalyptic Seattle centering on Max (Jessica Alba) a genetically enhanced young woman on the run from her creators.<br /><br />The Dark Angel universe is absorbing (not as much as say Buffy but absorbing nonetheless) with an interesting and believable set of characters. Certainly it is not for everyone but those who give it time will find themselves watching one of the most enjoyable series out there. Dark Angel is criminally overlooked and under-rated and was unfortunatly canceled after only 2 series. Which was a great shame as this had the potential to become a great series although its 42 episodes are only 10 shy of long running BBC sci-fi comedy Red Dwarf. As it is Dark Angel remains unfinished so seek it out and if you want more lobby Fox to make another series.
critique937 Quai des Orfevres takes too long getting going with Clouzot so enamored of his back-stage milieu that he is almost in danger of forgetting the story. However once it does it's Clouzot at his best. Bertrand Blier (father of Bertrand Blier and co-star of his Buffet Froid) is the worldworn pianist who married beneath himself and who plans to kill the seedy studio mogul with designs on his wife only to find that someone has beaten him to it. Not only that but his carefully planned but clumsily executed alibi falls to pieces not least when a thief steals his car at the murder sceneÃ‚Â…<br /><br />The film really kicks into life with the arrival of Luis Jouvet's police inspector a rather wonderful creation half Alistair Sim in Green for Danger and half world-weary Maigret with better dialog. In a neat running gag his investigation is constantly conducted at the top of his voice against chaos and noise whether it be the noisy typewriters of the police station or a loud rehearsal. The police station itself is a wonderfully realistic creation a wealth of chaotic and telling small details that makes Steve Bocchco's once revolutionary 80's US cop shows look like antiquated museum pieces by comparison. <br /><br />If Suzy Delair is a rather unconvincing femme fatale the supporting cast more than compensate with the beautiful Simone Renant a standout as the lesbian photographer in love with her from afar and constantly mistaken for Blier's lover by Delair and other interested parties (only Jouvet similarly unlucky with women understands and genuinely sympathises). With great black and white photography by Armand Thirard this is a terrific little thriller with a nice twist ending and a lovely scene with a cab driver reluctantly identifying Renant in a police station. (Trivia note: Pierre Larquey who played the playfully philosophical Dr Vorzet in Le Corbeau turns up in smaller roles as a cab-driver in both Quai and Les Espions.)<br /><br />The Criterion DVD is quite superb - great picture quality plus an illuminating extract from a French TV show featuring interviews with Clouzot Blier and Renant.
critique938 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique939 Although this film is somewhat filled with eighties cheese i have a place for it in my DVD rack and i don't know why. I think i like it because the moral of the story is 'television is garbage so turn it off and go and get a life'. For those of you who do decide to heed the message then you should try reading the book its nothing like the film at all. To ruin it for you at the end of the story a fatally wounded Richards ends up crashing a plane into the network building killing himself everyone inside and shutting down the network at the same time. I read it many years ago but today it would hard not to compare it to 9/11.
critique940 Simply well written directed and acted... Woody's best of the 2000's if not his best since the 80's!! Hugh Jackman was the perfect pick for his roll. Scarlett Johansson's banter with Woody proves how well rounded an actress she has become.<br /><br />It's refreshing to not being in a romance on screen with the leading lady. He plays the perfect bumbling magician.<br /><br />There have been a few reviews maligning this movie. Don't let them stop you from seeing the wonderfully done film. People in the crowd I saw this with were laughing so loud at some lines i missed the next line. If you like Woody Allen films of the 70's you'll regret missing this one.<br /><br />I suggest you go to watch this film with an open mind if you do you might walk out smiling.
critique941 I agree with the other 9 and 10 star reviews. I saw this at the South By Southwest Film Festival in Austin. Of the 20 films I saw7 were really good and this was the best one for me. I'm a sucker for movies that have plot devices where characters go through transformations that totally change their lives. The excellent acting was mostly done by people involved in TV or it was their first movie. It was written and directed by Jay Floyd. This was his debut as a director. Jay's day job is apparently as a clearance administrator for lots of famous films. Forgiving the Franklins was a total delight and extremely funny in spots. This is one movie where I would buy the DVD and re-watch it truly a high complement from me. Well done Jay yes...give up your day job!
critique942 As anyone old enough knows South Africa long suffered under the vile racist oppression of apartheid which completely subjugated the black population. One of the most famous anti-apartheid activists was Steve Biko who was murdered in jail. Following the murder reporter Donald Woods sought to get Biko's message out to the world.<br /><br />In "Cry Freedom" Woods (Kevin Kline) befriends Biko (Denzel Washington) before the latter is arrested on trumped up charges. When Woods attempts to spread Biko's word he and his family begin living under threat of attack and they are finally forced to flee the country. The last scene gut-wrenchingly shows police firing on protesters.<br /><br />As one of two movies (along with "A World Apart") that helped galvanize the anti-apartheid movement "Cry Freedom" stands out as possibly the best ever work for all involved.
critique943 This is my favourite Indian movie of all time. It is comic genius. Salman Khan is hilarious. But Amir Khan steals the show with his witty dialogue. Karisma Kapoor's outfits tell a story of their own - makes you wonder if the stylist deliberately made her wear some of the clothes just to make the movie funnier (at one point she looks like she's wearing a nappy). Andaz Apna Apna is the only comedy genre movie to make me laugh from the beginning till the very end. There is not one dull moment every scene is hilarious even the songs and dance moves will have you in stitches of laughter. I especially loved the scene in which Amar (Amir Khan) 'regains his memory'. I've seen this movie so many times I've lost count. And I'm so glad to say that this time Bollywood can take all the credit for this fantastic movie as far as I know A.A.A it is not a replicate of a Hollywood movie (THANK GOD). Overall I recommend this movie to anyone who understands Hindi/ Urdu and loves good comedy.<br /><br />Watch it you'll love it!!!!!
critique944 I enjoyed this movie as a kid when it came out and to this day still do. A simple story involving the search for a kidnapped girl and an adventurer literally straight out of paperback lore. It has actors that were more recognizable back in the day. This shouldn't keep the viewer from giving it a whirl. Wayne Crawford stars as the main character Jake Speed. Sure it might bite from certain elements of Romancing the Stone and Indiana Jones. But this movie is done well enough to keep it out of the cellar. I am surprised not too many people know about it. It must have been overshadowed by other movies in the theaters back in '86. I watched it back then on cable TV. It might be hard to find since it's out of print on both VHS and DVD. I managed to get a DVD from ebay at less than 8 bucks! Cool flick.
critique945 I have seen this movie when it was released and no doubt it is heart touching. I liked the point of view of a kid who came to know that what she was thinking about her were actually not true. It's a shatter to that small kid. And her search to find out who she is. And before and after she knows about her the relationship between her and her foster-mom. That's a nice view. A R Rahman adds his stress by a good re-recording and songs. In this movie mani ratnam does not exaggerate or give advices (like in Vuyire) but simply narrates the characters as they are . And because of that the film exactly strikes the audience. The pool bath scene of chakkarvarthy and nandhitadas did not convey perfectly what it meant for. Mani Ratnam has amazingly improved.
critique946 Great drama with all the areas covered EXCEPT for screenlay which was too slow and should have shown more relevant scenes like Pitt's character interviewing the Presidentor Pitt getting murdered instead of just having it described to us.Scenes like those would have kept the audience awake.Cutting away some useless minutes could have made more room for more heartpounding scenes like those.The dragging of the film kept this one from all time greatness although to see Pitt here makes the film so worth watching.Alsobig fans of fisingearly 20th century styles and Montana will really like this as well........
critique947 Yet another example of what British cinema can achieve: a simple story told and acted well. Brenda Blethyn gives a layered and warming performance as the recently widowed and financially straitened Grace ably assisted by a solid supporting cast. The "quirky small town" card gets played to the hilt similar to many TV series and films that have come from the British Isles in recent years (Ballykissangel Hamish Macbeth and others come to mind). Like the forementioned this film makes use of some ravishingly beautiful rural scenery in this case the wet and wild Cornish coast.<br /><br />Some viewers might find wholesale acceptance of cannabis use a bit challenging others might find the ending just a little too cute and safe. But it's an enjoyable spliff to be sure.
critique948 Overall this is entertaining and odd film. Don't try to make sense of it. There are more holes in the story than a computer could keep up with but Robert Cummings and a cast of minor characters are mostly fun to watch in this "Fugitive"-like story.<br /><br />Unlike the popular TV show and then 1993 movie this fugitive isn't looking for a one-armed man but a two-armed Nazi saboteur by the the name of "Frank Fry." Cummings ("Barry Kane") gets blamed when a defense plant blows up in Los Angeles and goes on the lam looking for the man who did it (Fry) to clear his name.<br /><br />The first 40 minutes or so are very tense and interesting. Then Priscilla Lane ("Pat Martin") enters the story and it starts to bog down a bit with some sappy dialog. Director Alfred Hitchcock often did that with his female characters to the point I wonder if he had a clue how woman talked. Lane's character here was a little lame.<br /><br />Actually the villains played by Otto Kruger ("Charles Tobin") and Norman Lloyd ("Frank Fry") were the best in my opinion......just fascinating. Kruger's acting and dialog was especially good.<br /><br />If you haven't seen this film but saw Hitchcock's well-known "North By Northwest" you'll chuckle at the ending and really enjoy it. Instead of a climactic scene at Mount Rushmore here we have a memorable last 10 minutes at the State Of Liberty. As usual Hitchcock camera angles are great and fun to view.
critique949 Five Characters In Search of An Exit clearly has to be one of the more clever and better "Twilight Zone" episodes ever made because of it's abstract ideas and thoughtful plan where the characters have to search to discover identity and it ends as a surprise. You have a military major a female dancer bag pipe player a clown and hobo who all awake together in the bottom of a wall and none know how they got there and they don't know who they are. So the episode starts out with very interesting drama and suspense from the very beginning making it so soul searching for the viewers interest to want to know the characters true identity and backgrounds. Plus the episode even adds more intrigue for the fact it places different types of characters with different views and lifestyles all with one goal in common to escape and find identity and peace that's very compelling for the viewer. Only in the end I don't want to spoil for those who haven't seen a surprise fall happens! Proving that many times you might want to stay where you are away in your little sheltered world and be away from the masses of other people's world as you will see the characters are loved in a different way by people in a much different form. Really great and cleverly done a real shock twist surprise that makes the viewer see the unexpected and cruel fate that happens sometimes when you search and seek.
critique950 Once again seeing this kind of movies turns me more and more into English humor not too often seen on screen since the days of Monty Python and Man About The House. Too bad.<br /><br />Brenda Blethyn (Who I first saw in Saving Grace early in the year another must see by the way.) just excels as Alfred Molina does. The rest of the cast while virtually unknown to me turns on great performances too. The film starts slowly and gradually gains in pace and amusement - midway I had tears in my eyes from laughing.<br /><br />All in all a funny English movie a thousand times better than the supposedly 'funny' garbage that comes from Hollywood.<br /><br />
critique951 After being sent to prison for no less then 10 nor more then 40 years for being busted with drugs and refusing to give up her accomplishes Jackie (Erica Gavin of Russ Meyer's "Vixen" and "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls" in her last film role) has to get accustomed to life in the big 'doll' house or at least try to in this early film by Jonathan Demme. Due to it's tawdry nature and sheer watchability I would also rank this as one of his best films right below "Silence of the Lambs" and "Stop Making Sense" but so far above any of his other movies. This minor classic is just campy sleazy and fun enough to be an amazingly good guilty pleasure and thankfully never once goes overboard into all out parody of the Women In Prison genre. It ALMOST washed out the rancid bad taste of the ludicrously preachy "Philidelphia" from my mouth. However the film is not without it's downfalls (the 'un'talent show is a HUGE chore to sit through and goes on far too long Barbera Steele is sadly wasted among other small things) But don't let those gripes stop you from watching an otherwise enjoyable movie.<br /><br />My Grade: B- <br /><br />DVD Extras: 5 minute Roger Corman interview; Cast & crew Bios; Original Trailer; and Trailers for "Candy Stripe Nurses" (with nudity) "Big Bad Mama 2" "Big Doll House" (with nudity) & "Crazy Mama" <br /><br />Eye Candy: Juanita Brown Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith Erica Gavin Roberta Collins Ella Reid Lynda Gold and some others all show skin
critique952 I've seen a slew of "80s rocker horrors" over the years from rubbish like "Terror on Tour" to ridiculously fun gems like "Slumber Party Massacre 2." Somehow I managed to keep putting this one off which is strange because it's probably the most popular and well received one. Well I finally caught up with it and it's easily the best of this mostly awful (but almost always endearing!) subgenre. The plot (which was pretty much lifted in the film "Black Roses") concerns a mulleted misfit named Eddie whose ridiculed by all in his high school for his taste in music. He loves 80s metal especially his idol Sammi Curr (played by the late great Tony Fields.) After Sammi is killed Eddie favorite radio DJ gives him Sammi's final recording. Once Eddie plays the record backwards he discovers he's a bit tougher and bad things start happening to those who taunt him. Is Sammi's music possessed? "Trick or Treat" is well-made and a total hoot. The special effects are awesome even though it does feature the typical 80s laser beams. I grew up in the 80s and while I wasn't a fan of heavy metal I do remember the urban legend about playing a record backwards hearing the sounds of Satan worshipping. Haha! I also remember being told by my older siblings and neighbors that both KISS and Ozzy worshipped Satan so it's very amusing to see them both make cameos as a harmless radio DJ and a anti-rock priest. If only I had seen this film as a kid! While the film seems to poke fun at the popular connection in the 80s between alleged devil worship and heavy metal the viewer never really finds out why Sammi Curr is back from the dead creating havoc and killing whoever gets in his way. This is movie's weakest point but if you can overlook that it's loads of fun.
critique953 This film is utterly amazing. From the performances of Huppert Girardot and Magimel to Haneke's screenplay and direction there is not a single misstep. The film may put some people off with it's hard sexual subject matter and with it's slower pace but it really is a masterful piece of cinema... so do not let it's challenging ways keep you away!<br /><br />Powerful and deserving every award it won in Cannes!
critique954 Eva (Hedy Lamarr) has just got married with an older man and in the honeymoon she realizes that her husband does not desire her. Her disappointment with the marriage and the privation of love makes Eva returning to her father's home in a farm leaving her husband. One afternoon while bathing in a lake her horse escapes with her clothes and an young worker retrieves and gives them back to Eva. They fall in love for each other and become lovers. Later her husband misses her and tries to have Eva back home. Eva refuses and fortune leads the trio to the same place ending the affair in a tragic way. I have just watched "Extase" for the first time and the first remark I have is relative to the horrible quality of the VHS released in Brazil by the Brazilian distributor Video Network: the movie has only 75 minutes running time and it seems that it was used different reels of film. There are some parts totally damaged and other parts very damaged. Therefore the beauty of the images in not achieved by the Brazilian viewer if he has a chance to find this rare VHS in a rental or for sale. The film is practically a silent movie the story is very dated and has only a few lines. Consequently the characters are badly developed. However this movie is also very daring with the exposure of Hedy Lamarr beautiful breasts and naked fat body for the present standards of beauty. Another fantastic point is the poetic and metaphoric used of flowers symbolizing the intercourse between Eva and her lover. The way the director conducts the scenes to show the needs and privation of Eva is very clear. The non-conclusive end is also very unusual for a 1933 movie. I liked this movie but I hope one day have a chance to see a 87 minutes restored version. My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "ÃƒÂŠxtase" ("Ecstasy")
critique955 Titanic is a long but well made tragic adventure love story that takes place during the ill-fated voyage on the unsinkable ship. Writer/Director James Cameron has done a great job of making this movie about a fictional love story between two very different people and combining that with the real event of the Titanic that sunk after hitting an iceberg on April 15 1912 claiming thousands of lives who perished in the icy freeing waters of the North Atlantic. The two leads in the film are great in their roles including Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. They make for a good on-screen couple. DiCpario and Winslet also had genuine chemistry together which made the romance that eventually blossoms between them that much more believable. They both showed real talent when this one came out and both of them have continued to show just that in their most recently films as well. The rest of the supporting cast including Billy Zane Kathy Bates Frances Fisher Jonathan Hyde and Bill Paxton in a small role are equally impressive as their characters who help bring them to life in this film. The love story the action suspense and the special effects are magnificent done especially for that time. The horror of the situation the characters were in felt so real because it really happened making you want most of them to survive this life and death situation. The pacing was a little slow at times and it was a little long but the rest of the movie made up for it's few flaws. Titanic makes for a great date movie which is sure to make some girls cry almost every time they watch it. The fact that this really happened definitely added to the movie making you feel sorry for all the lives lost when the Titanic sunk into the Atlantic after hitting an iceberg. Overall Titanic is a tragic heartbreaking story about two people who fall in love while on the ill-fated ship thats brought to life by the exceptional performances from the cast especially DiCaprio and Winslet who definitely make this movie worth the time to watch.
critique956 Hardcastle and McCormick is an excellent TV show. <br /><br />Yes it is predictable much like The Dukes of Hazzard Hunter The A-Team etc etc etc.<br /><br />This show is just good clean television. The relationship between Hardcastle and McCormick is quite amusing. They often take jabs at each other several times an episode which adds a great deal of humor to the show. It contains several car chases in almost every episode but who doesn't enjoy a good car chase? Especially with the Coyote! <br /><br />I only wish they made clean television like this today I highly recommend this!
critique957 I can't tell you all how much I love this movie. I have read reviews that say that this move is "too confusing" or "like swimming in drying concrete". I say that these reviewers have no imagination! For anyone who loves Fantasy Fiction this movie is for you. If you ever loved playing Dungeons & Dragons... this movie is for you (especially if you got into the Oriental Adventures) I'm just sorry that I did not get to see this movie on the big screen. (Just more incentive to get my own big screen t.v. :-)
critique958 Really touching story of a recruitment camp in America where young men are prepared for the Vietnam war. The human study always appealed to me when it comes to war movies because it translates personal subjective opinions on war opposed war action movies where action and technical data are being analyzed to the prejudice of the human factor. <br /><br />The movie manages to put a new spin on an already ancient subject and manages to distance itself from usual war movies especially by focusing on an anti-hero from the view-point of traditional standard. The movie focuses on the tragic character of Bozz who smartly avoids being sucked in by the dehumanizing war machine and refuses to give up control over his destiny and fight for something he doesn't believe in spends his energy in searching ways to avoid being sent overseas both for himself and comrades and ironically ends up finding his own just reason for finally going to war. Perfect irony.<br /><br />The acting is truly exceptional and the documentary-style shooting almost makes you feel transposed into the movie. Also the movie will provide food for thought for those exhilarated by the action in usual war movies or war-games enthusiasts hopefully awakening some minds of a generation which luckily escaped the terror of being drafted.
critique959 <br /><br />I really liked this film. One of those rare films that Hollywood Really does not make anymore. William H Macy Is Just great as the hit man with a soul and Neve Campbell is just flat out fantastic as the woman who puts his life on the track of redemption.<br /><br />If you have a chance see this film. It earns it's praise
critique960 The first film ever made. Workers streaming from a factory some cycling most walking moving right or left. Along with Melies the Lumieres are both the starting point and the point of departure for cinema - with Melies begins narrative fiction cinema fantasy artifice spectacle; with the Lumieres pure unadorned observation. The truth. There are many intellectuals who regret the ossification of cinema from the latter into the tired formulae of the former.<br /><br />But consider this short again. There is nothing 'objective' about it. The film is full of action - a static inhuman scene burst into life activity and the quiet harmony of the frame is ruptured decentred from the back to right or left (but never of course the front where the camera is). And yet the camera stands stock still contains the energy the possible subversion subordinates it to its will. The cinematograph may be a revolutionary invention but it will be used for conservative purposes - to map out the world edit it restrict it limit it.<br /><br />worse is the historical reality of the film. These factory workers are Lumiere employees. The bosses are spying on their workers the unseen eye regarding his faceless minions. The film therefore describes two types of imprisonment. Behind the gates the workers are confined in their workplace. The opening of the gate seems to be an image of freedom escape but they face another wall the fourth wall further confining them. The first film is also the first example of CCTV surveillance an image of unseen all-seeing authority entrapping its servants. A frightening all too prophetic movie.
critique961 The tweedy professor-types thought they had it all figured out. Today's peoples who inhabit Polynesia descended from migratory Asians intrepidly moving from the Far East island to island eastward into Tahiti and all the other exotic tropic isles of the South Pacific over thousands of years. But the established thinking just didn't sit well with young Norwegian ethnographer Thor Heyerdahl. If that explanation were true how come some folks born and bred in those islands have traditions artwork and physical features resembling not those from Asia but South America? How can the vegetation of Ecuador Peru and Chile look so much like what you'd find on the island several thousand miles away? Is it just a coincidence that the Islanders point out to sea in the direction of South America and say that is where their ancestors came from led by Tiki their equivalent of Adam? Meanwhile how is it Norwegians speak of Scandanavian forerunners who were chased from the South American continent they had colonized and together with some of the native peoples they befriended set off over the sea -- heading WEST? It's all too much to be a coincidence to Heyerdahl. With an amazing amount of moxie a handful of crewmen and the local know-how for traditional raft-building an expedition begins. It's as much a trip into the human imagination as it is a pseudo-scientific demonstration that such a journey is possible with only the very basics of tools and seamanship. The Oscar-winning documentary may be dated in its tone and Anglo-ethnocentric approach but it soars with a spirit of adventure besting even the space program that launched a decade later as men are willing to risk it all to test a theory they think is true. Wonderful. Do yourself a favor and read the book first. It is an amazing page-turner and the perfect setup for the newsreel-style movie.
critique962 MÃƒÂ¼llers BÃƒÂ¼ro is a movie which many will watch and enjoy until the end while others will stop watching it within five minutes. It is a parody of detective movies with all the twists and turns; the action takes place only at night in the dark corners of a city which resembles Batman's Gotham City (look carefully at the streets buildings the police car chasing the criminals etc.). It is also a parody of musicals with its really funny characters such as MÃƒÂ¼ller's secretary and Vitasek's (the actor playing MÃƒÂ¼ller's assistant) lover who do their best to sing albeit not very successfully.<br /><br />The spaces occupied by the characters have their own presence in the film such as the decadent Blue Box (there is a real club with this name in Vienna) where one can see a sailor hitting on a girl in the background MÃƒÂ¼ller's apartment with the black paint smeared on the walls and the dirty kitchen MÃƒÂ¼ller's bureau with the sweet picture of his assistant etc.<br /><br />The humorous moments in the movie are many and include "flat in the face" type of humor such as MÃƒÂ¼ller farting in his assistant's face the prostitute charging MÃƒÂ¼ller extra for orgasm the ridiculous outfits of the female thugs of Montana etc.<br /><br />A legendary film from the 80's especially for those interested in Austrian or German-speaking cinema.
critique963 A family is traveling through the mid West. There's widower Ben (Charles Bateman) his girlfriend Nicky (Ahna Capri) and Ben's little daughter K.T. (Geri Reischl). Then hit a town named Hillsboro where everyone acts more than a little strangely. Their car breaks down and they're forced to stay. They soon find out a witches coven has a spell over the town and is up to incredible evil.<br /><br />The story is not that good. People just figure things out of nothing and they just happen to find out where the witches are at the end. Also there are a lot of loopholes left dangling at the end. The acting is pretty poor too. Bateman and Capri are bland and everybody else is about the same. Only old pros Strother Martin and L.Q. Jones give good performances. Still this movie does work. It forgoes blood and gore (there's some but this is PG) and manges to work with some very creepy visuals and atmosphere. The acting hampers a lot of it but it still works. Martin especially chews the scenery in his role. I can't explain exactly why I (sort of) like this movie but it did work on me. It's a quiet kind of horror that isn't made anymore. Hardly a masterwork but this deserves to be rediscovered. A 7.
critique964 *** Spoiler in fifth paragraph *** This was an amazingly frank (uh-huh uh-huh) picture for 1955. Otto Preminger and Carlyle Productions took a chance by making it the Motion Picture Association of America balked at certifying a film that openly shows a junky jabbing a syringe full of heroin into his arm. Frank Sinatra took a chance both on playing an addicted musician and at falling flat on his face in a role that required at least twice as much acting as he'd ever done. All in all these gambles paid off the movie is a classic though it's not perfect.<br /><br />Nelson Algren's novel may be great but it has far too much going on to fit comfortably into a two hour movie 'The Man with the Golden Arm' is 119 minutes and often feels much longer. However in my opinion it's not just Frankie Machine (Sinatra) that makes the film but the other characters and their sub-plots all involving Frankie. Ultimately it's not just Frankie who has the addiction everyone and everything seems to be dependent on him and he feels it keenly. When the pressure gets to be too much the drums start pounding on the soundtrack and Frankie steps across the street with his well-dressed "friend" Louie.<br /><br />It's an exaggeration to say that Frank Sinatra's music career was ever really in the doldrums but in the early 50's he was in limbo between his days touring with big bands and the Las Vegas era. 'From Here to Eternity' established him as a serious actor and his career as a singer rebounded as well but 'The Man with the Golden Arm' was still a significant challenge the whole show sinks or swims with his performance. He pulls it off with such skill that for several minutes at a time I forgot I was watching Frank Sinatra he must have known junky musicians and exploited that knowledge to the utmost.<br /><br />Set side by side with Billy Wilder's masterpiece 'The Lost Weekend' there is more emphasis on the sociological causes of addiction in 'The Man with the Golden Arm.' Whereas Don Birnem (Ray Milland in 'The Lost Weekend') seems to struggle mostly against himself Frankie Machine is beset by external forces and he takes refuge in the needle. Neither approach is wholly right or wrong mostly because addiction is impossible to fully explain but it seems like this film might have benefited from a little more insight into Frankie's internal struggle.<br /><br />*** Spoiler *** One of the problems I have with this film is the clichÃƒÂ©d reliance on "quitting cold turkey." I realize that 'The Man with the Golden Arm' was probably setting the trend rather than following it but that doesn't make it any better. In the beginning of the movie Frankie has to all appearances kicked his habit with the help of a doctor and a treatment facility of some sort. Naturally the drama of the film requires that he backslide but I found the All-American ideal that a man has to face his problems alone (or maybe with the help of a good woman) out of place here. Going cold turkey and riding off into the sunset with Kim Novak seemed too unrealistic. The end of 'The Lost Weekend' was similar but in my opinion was a little less rosy.
critique965 This has got to be one of the most magnificent things I've ever seen on film. I don't know if it's as serious as it seems to try to be but that hardly matters. This film is extreme absolutely wild and surreal. The packaging and the marketing only make it more so because you *know* that ever so often some mother has to reprogram her kid to accept our reality after he checks this out from the video store expecting something completely different. Look at the roadmap for one thing! And where else in America can you see a ten year old kid swear as much as this one does and then get his eye ripped out by pervert the rival of Pulp Fiction's Zed? And that food inspector scene is the best! The amount of well known to vaguely recognized actors in this film is one of the best things about it: Soon much sooner than you realize you too will find yourself saying "Is that Meat Loaf? Is that Drew Barrymore? Is that the holideck doctor from Star Trek: Voyager? Is that Flea? Is that the sawmill owner from Twin Peaks gassing squirrels with car exhaust? And isn't this guy from the new Rob Zombie movie? He looks an awful lot like Shrek." I think my favorite scene is at the very end with Phil in a full body cast. I mean please why aren't more movies like this shown in airplanes? This director hardly has anything else to his name higher than Return To Salem's Lot but he displays true stumbling man-child genius in this creation! If you're an intellectual looking for something to p**s away your evening on I highly suggest this film for satisfaction. This movie's plot is all too ridiculous but imagine it taken out of context: *boy arm wrestling an over aggressive Meat Loaf who seems hell bent on taking out his anger at not being accepted into Guns N Roses looks over his shoulder and sees the doctor from Voyager enter the bar* Can you imagine what any half brained channel surfer active through the last six years would think of seeing that? Now imagine if you actually cared about Meat Loaf or Voyager to begin with! Or imagine if you're a Flea fan. Rocky Horror Picture Show fans this film contains notable music mind you but its soundtrack is more plasticine than Mad Max 3. What does that entail for you? This is the retarded inverted mongoloid cousin-sister-mother-puppy of The Rocky Horror Picture Show. How about when Gus' sleeve flies back onto his arm in an act of cable-access special effects quality mastercraft? When I saw this film it was on the suggestion of my cousin who had watched half of it in a fit of half-aware childhood in the early half of the nineties and who has since been haunted by vague memories of it I myself had not slept in three days. It made me laugh! Of course it's also an anxiety movie. The music doesn't encourage the suspense but it eventually gets to the point where it's been fully established that the American Censorship Committee has obviously missed this film entirely and absolutely anything can happen in it and probably will any time Gus turns a corner or the view so much as changes camera angles. I found myself obsessing over the possibility of those cards flying out his window at any second. Watch this movie. Awesome!
critique966 A long time ago I watched this movie from the middle on cable. I then had a crush on Mary Moronov. I saw her again in Eating Raoul. I was convinced that she's the hottest woman on screen.<br /><br />I maybe biased about this movie. 9 out of 10.<br /><br />This's the only movie I own on original tape.
critique967 ... but you probably have seen it or else you wouldn't be here. It's so obscure that you probably stumbled onto it like I did because this little known gem receives no word-of-mouth.<br /><br />From the very beginning you know how the storyline will shake out but watching as our innocent redheaded nurse puts the pieces of the puzzle together is high quality entertainment. Most horror films bombard viewers with graphic displays of torture but Don't Look in the Basement plays it subtle which makes for superior suspense. Note to horror filmmakers: some of us do like subtlety! Lovely and homely nurse Charlotte takes a job at a sanitarium but is dismayed when she learns that the head doctor who hired her had a gruesome accident and she is now the subordinate to a mysterious doctor who we all know isn't a doctor at all. The suspense is built through Charlotte's unraveling of events with assistance from many of the patients but which of the patients can Charlotte trust? This is a gem and is my absolute favorite TRUE HORROR movie. I love Re-Animator and Evil Dead but they play more for the HORROR-COMEDY crowd.<br /><br />VIOLENCE: $$$ (Quite tame for horror standards but there is a decent sprinkling of gore throughout the film. The opening scene is classic; no other horror film starts out better and the end has its fair share of gore as well).<br /><br />NUDITY: $$$$ (Eager to fall in love Allyson (Betty Chandler) spends a good deal of time naked attempting to seduce half the men at the sanitarium. Betty Chandler is a knockout and I am shocked that this is her only film credit).<br /><br />STORY: $$$$ (The story is well handled despite the premise getting a lot of mileage in Hollywood. The script has a knack for building suspense and never fails to place poor Charlotte in a precarious situation).<br /><br />ACTING: $$$$ (Betty Chandler does the best job here as Allyson capturing dementia with naivetÃƒÂ© in an ethereal form. The Judge was splendid as well weighing facts before he came to a verdict while Rosie Holotik as Charlotte gives a genuine performance as you will feel for her character.
critique968 It is hard to describe Bug in words it is one of those films that truly has to be seen to be understood. It follows a narrative that is more fluid and interesting than anything I have seen lately in a Hollywood release. As its characters react to the chain of events in different ways and as the events dictate different paths for the characters to follow the audience is merely an observer. The almost Proustian narrative flow of thought to thought the very spontaneity in the script will have you glued to the screen waiting anxiously to see how it all works out in the end. And as far as the thematic elements...there is a particular sequence in the film that goes from melancholy to bright and beautiful and then to tragic all within the span of about a minute. And it works.<br /><br />This movie is pure magic. It reminds one why independent film is perhaps the brightest star the film industry currently has. Perhaps with more movies of Bug's quality people will start to take notice.
critique969 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique970 I saw this movie at the 18th Haifa film festival and it is one of the best I've seen this year. Seeing it on a big screen (and I mean BIG not one of those TV screens most cinemas have) with an excellent sound system always enhance the cinematic experience as the movie takes over your eyes and ears and sucks you into the story into the picture.<br /><br />The movie presents a set of characters which are loosely inter-connected. Their stories cross at certain points and the multiplicity of story lines reminded me very much of the great Robert Altman and his exquisite films. But the true hero of the movie is obviously the city of Madrid which provides the backdrop for the entire movie. It houses the characters contains the pavements and roads on which they walk and sets the background atmosphere for all the events all in beautifully filmed scenes.<br /><br />The movie returns again and again to certain themes (shoes for instance) and in essence Salazar makes his metaphores more and more understandable to the viewer as the movie progresses. He combines the views of the city with the shots of the characters and elegantly matches the feeling of the scene to the background. A set of talented actors helps him portrait a wide variety of characters. One excellent example is the scene in which Juaquin takes Anita across the street for the first time. It might not work on a small screen but it gave me goose bumps easily on a big screen.<br /><br />The message of the movie is very positive and accordingly the movie is light and funny at times. The music along the movie is usually pop with a few instrumental pieces (I hope to put my hand on the soundtrack one day although I seriously doubt I will).<br /><br />All together I came out of this movie with a sensational feeling and I'm not easily impressed (you'll have to take my word for it). For this and more I give this movie a solid 8/10.
critique971 I'd love to give this movie a 10/10 but in its existing state I can only go to 8/10 tops. The post-Code editing (read: destroying) of this film warrants a 2-point demerit.<br /><br />From my very limited knowledge of film history Baby Face was apparently one of two movies that finally broke the camel's back and brought the full wrath and enforcement of the Production Code into play in 1934. (I don't know what the other movie was.) As a result the movie in its original incarnation was never allowed to be re-released after 1934. It was chopped and edited to bits and no original version is known to exist today. The best that we can see today is the version that TCM (Turner Classic Movies) shows but that is blatantly edited in several scenes and has a really disappointing "happy ending" slapped onto the end.<br /><br />All the above being said the movie is still pretty darned great and lots of fun to watch. Barbara Stanwyck is as always absolutely amazing and wonderful. She is so beautiful and powerful; she just owns the whole movie! She plays a woman who's been used by men her entire life starting with her father who pimps her out to the local Erie PA steel workers as well as to local politicians in a quid pro quo of 'if you don't shut down my speakeasy I'll let you sleep with my daughter'. When the father dies in a fiery explosion near the beginning of the flick the smile on Stanwyck's face is priceless.<br /><br />After the fire Stanwyck leaves Erie with her maid and heads to New York City. She sets her sights on a skyscraper and starts literally working her way to the top. Starting out with the personnel clerk in the HR department she sleeps with him to get an entry level position at the bank. From there she sleeps with man after man after man (including a very young John Wayne) using each new man to help her land a higher paying job on a higher floor of the skyscraper with increasingly powerful male bosses cum sugar daddies. Stanwyck stops at nothing in her rise to the top. It is great fun to see her and her maid in increasingly fancier clothes and apartments as Stanwyck works her way up the corporate ladder. Stanwyck is the ultimate femme fatale manipulating she-vixen in this flick! If you watch this movie I recommend stopping when you see the George Brent character (Courtland Trenholm) die in Stanwyck's arms. Skip the remaining 3 minutes or so! The "happy ending" slapped on to the end of the movie for post-Code audiences is insulting to the audience's intelligence and lame beyond belief: the bank board members are sitting around a table expositing about Mr. and Mrs. Trenholm's million dollar donation to the bank and how they are living happily but poor in Erie with former VP Trenholm now working in the steel mills - cut to the exact same footage of a steel plant that we saw in the beginning of the movie - "The End". PUH-LEEZE - HOW LAME! The movie originally ended with George Brent succeeding in his suicide attempt. I think that ending fits the overall mood of the movie much better than the slapped on post-Code ending.<br /><br />I certainly hope that a print of the original pre-Code version of this flick is discovered during my lifetime (update: the original HAS been found and should be out on DVD and/or TCM in 2006!). Until then I'll enjoy the TCM version and switch it off before the lame-o post-Code ending.
critique972 The Curse of Monkey Island. Released excactly 6 years after the success of Monkey Island 2. You would think with Monkey Island 2's wierd ending that it would finish Monkey Island once and for all. But it all turned out to be a trick to lure Guybrush into captivity. But enough about that the whole jist of this is that Monkey Island has returned and the voices are just phenominal. If LucasArts were to make a movie/cartoon of Monkey Island this would probably be what it would look like and sound like. It's plot is real good and everything about it is just awesome. If you haven't heard about the Monkey Island series buy the Monkey Island Archives or The Monkey Island Booty Pack and play through all the games starting with The Secret of Monkey Island then Monkey Island 2 and The Curse of Monkey Island. Monkey Island 4 was real good but this one tops them all.
critique973 Here's an oddity: a modern-day film about a serial killer that has no fight scenes nobody seen dying no car chases and no loud noises.....and it takes place in Russia. There are only two short action scenes but they are horrific.<br /><br />The rest of the story is detective work and how much red tape the poor detective had to go through to solve the murders. This is a very somber movie and "somber" best describes the personality of the hero (Stephen Rea) as well. Yet the story is not depressing and it's very interesting all the way through.<br /><br />Rea is outstanding as the determined harried-looked detective. Jeffrey DeMunn is downright scary as the killer. Donald Sutherland's Russian accent is suspect but he plays the only character in this film that has some warmth.<br /><br />Once again the story is dotted with liberal agendas here and there with not one but two references to bias against gays the total validity of secular psychology police and government officials being boorish/crude/bigoted yadda yadda yadda. <br /><br />Otherwise it's an intelligent and refreshingly low-key crime film. This is a somewhat unique film that probably is not well-known but is well-liked by the people who have seen it. Since it's based on a true-life account of this killer it's all the more chilling. Don't pass this by just because you haven't anything about it.
critique974 The Cure uses voice over to create an intense mood. Although the VO accounts for all of the film's lines it amazingly does not take away from the visual story. The use of multiple film stocks add a lot of texture to the story. The choice of combining b & w and color worked nicely to enhance the leaps in time. The ending will make you jump despite being able to anticipate the result. I was especially enjoyed the thrill of the film's suspense. The close-ups for the love scene are also lovely and reflect a tasteful eye. The piece is quite short but accomplishes a lot. The tight editing really helps to show off what a short film can do. Worth watching more than once!
critique975 Very possibly one of the funniest movies in the world. Oscar material. Trey Parker and Matt Stone are hilarious and before you see this I suggest you see "South Park" one of the funniest cartoons created. Buy it you will laugh every time you see it. Pure stroke of genius. If you don't think its funny then you have no soul or sense of humor. 10 out of 10.
critique976 Escaping the life of being pimped by her father(..and the speakeasy waitressing)who dies in an explosion Lily Powers(Barbara Stanwyck who is simply ravishing)sluts her way through the branches inside a bank business in big city Gotham. When a possessive lover murders who was supposed to be his next father-in-law(and Lily's new lover) the sky's the limit for Lily as she has written down her various relationships in a diary and subtlety makes it known the papers will receive it if certain pay doesn't come into her hands. Newly appointed president to the bank Courtland Trenholm(George Brent) sends Lily to Paris instead of forking over lots of dough but soon finds himself madly in love after various encounters with her in the City of Love. This makes Lily's mouth water as now she'll have reached the pedestal of success seducing a man of wealth and prestige bring riches her way. Though circumstances ensue which will bring her to make a decision that threatens her successful way of achieving those riches..Trenholm now her husband is being indicted with jail certain and has lost the bank. He needs money Lily now has in her possession or he'll have absolutely nothing.<br /><br />Stanwyck is the whole movie despite that usual Warner Brothers polish. Being set in the pre-code era gives the filmmakers the chance to elaborate on taboo subjects such as a woman using sex to achieve success and how that can lead to tragedy. Good direction from Alfred E Green shows through subtlety hints in different mannerisms and speech through good acting from the seductive performance of Stanwyck how to stage something without actually showing the explicit act. Obviously the film shows that money isn't everything and all that jazz as love comes into the heart of Lily's dead heart. That ending having Lily achieve the miraculous metamorphosis into someone in love didn't ring true to me. She's spent all this time to get to that platform only to fall for a man who was essentially no different than others she had used before him.
critique977 I loved this movie so much. I'm a big fan of Amanda Bynes's recently ended show. I admire her(besides her body) for her acting capability. She is a good actress.<br /><br />The movie was great. Its about a girl named Viola who wants to play soccer but when her school cuts the girls soccer team she gets upset. Her brother is set to go to a prestigious school and he decides to leave to England. So Viola wants to make an impression by playing on the soccer team at the boarding school. She goes to the school and tries out for the soccer team. She gets in. Meanwhile she meets Duke who is a sensitive guy who plays on the soccer team. He really likes Olivia (Laura Ramsey) who likes Sebastian-who is really viola. Sebastian is dating Monique and suspects that Sebastian isn't being himself.<br /><br />This is certainly NOT a chick flick and I enjoyed it a lot. Its so funny and lovable. I don't think I have seen AManda act better.
critique978 Even without speaking a word Billy Connely is wonderful as a zombie... Carrie Ann Moss as "Mom"? even better. Zombie girlfriends? <br /><br />"...My father thied to eat me... I never tried to eat Timmy." <br /><br />And I thought Dawn of the Dead was good. It's kinda like Airplane meets (meats?) Night of the Living Dead sponsored by Zomcom..<br /><br />And don't forget my head coffin<br /><br />And Fido in an Aloha shirt is just way cool!<br /><br />And yes the social comment is just too much to even begin to comment on. <br /><br />Sufice it to say it all really works!
critique979 i loved this movie. you have to respect midgets that dressed up like tiny Martians. Sure the story may have been thin at times but you can't take away from the way it was done. i used to watch this over and over again when i was 8. its a kids movie and besides it has some of the greatest quotes ever. Blanzee's "Home on the Range" rendition is awesome. <br /><br />very well done if you ask me 8 of 10.
critique980 Michael Caton-Jones's Scottish period piece bears little connection to the Sir Walter Scott novel of the same name...<br /><br />The film opens in the Scottish highlands with Robert Roy McGregor and his men hunting down a bunch of cow thieves who have stolen several heads of His Lordship James Graham's cattle... The scene then switches to a sword-fighting contest attended by noblemen with longhair wigs adorned shirts soft colored coats paleface make-up and conventional gestures...<br /><br />MacGregor lives under the protection of a local lord named Marquis of Montrose... When he enters an ill-advised trade agreement with Montrose he innocently leaves himself exposed to the malicious plots of Montrose's evil-doers... The unfolding of their perfidy is the most creative and pleasant part of the movie though it takes a repugnant turn with a violent rape... When Rob Roy is finally compelled to rebel against the English soldiers the action becomes well understood ending with the predictable duel between him and an expert with the blade...<br /><br />Liam Neeson injects heroism and passion to his character... He is intelligent fair and virile... He carries his height with grace as the Scottish chieftain of a small community... He is a loving father a passionate lover and a noble husband driven to desperate acts by dastardly villains... He'd rather die than tell a lie or betray a trust... <br /><br />Oscar winner Jessica Lange gives the film class as the strong robust devoted wife a proud peasant woman brutally raped by an icy psychotic aristocrat... Lange's lines are filled with dignity and integrity: 'I will think on you dead until my husband makes you so. And then I will think on you no more.'<br /><br />John Hurt brings his usual clever touch with character roles to make Montrose something more than a greedy Marquis ruthless with money and tempered by the English court's fashion for foppery... He is a pompous arrogant man with two villainous servants at his service... Honor in his view seems a quaint notion... He has two objectives: ruin the reputation of his rival the Duke of Argyle and to hunt down the fugitive MacGregor... He sends his soldiers to burn the Highlanders' homes to kill their people and their livestock...<br /><br />Tim RothÃ‚Â—the perfect antithesis to the hero is fearsome and strangely an effeminate enforcer... He is a penniless British aristocrat a nasty 'hired sword' wonderfully evil ravishing and murdering his way through the Scottish mist... His name is Archibald Cunningham... He turns out to be a liar a thief and a murderer... He dismisses himself as 'but a bastard abroad seeking his fortune and the favors of great men" and therefore can't care about anyone else: "Love is a dung hill and I am but a cock that climbs upon it to crow." He even jokes that he once raped a young boy whom he mistook for a girl...<br /><br />Cunningham seems pathetic... He smiles foolishly and utters words with affected refinement but not terribly harmful-until a muscular swordsman insults him and we discover that he's a cool head and an expert with a sword... He really does steal the film with a performance that earned him a Best Supporting Actor nomination...<br /><br />And while Brian Cox is suitably odious as Killearn Andrew Keir is Montrose's rival the powerful local aristocrat the Duke of Argyll one of the few trustworthy men McGregor meets outside his own family... <br /><br />Set in 18th-century Scotland and with an atmospheric musical score 'Rob Roy' is really a love story between a man and his wife a recognizably human story unjustly dwarfed by Mel Gibson's 'Braveheart' that does tell essentially the same story of provincial resentment of overbearing English landlords...
critique981 Maybe I'm being too generous with the rating...but I just love this movie! I've seen it so many times but every time I see it I fall in love with it all over again. It's just a simple romantic comedy with nothing huge or monumentous that happens. But I'm a big romantic and this movie *is* romantic. I love Meg Ryan and Tim Robbins and Walter Mathau is so funny. The scientists make me laugh so much...I definitely recommend this movie to anyone who hasn't seen it. It's such a clean good movie - and those are so rare now! My 20-year-old brother likes this movie too so it's not just a chick-flick. ;-) I recommend it if you need to laugh or if you're just lonely and need to *watch* a romance if you yourself can't participate in one. It's a good 'un!
critique982 The Great Dictator is a beyond-excellent film. Charlie Chaplin succeeds in being both extremely funny and witty and yet at the same time provides a strong statement in his satire against fascism. The anti-Nazi speech by Chaplin at the end with its values is one of filmdom's great moments. Throughout this movie I sensed there was some higher form of intelligence beyond genuinely intelligent filmmaking at work.
critique983 Brilliant Biographic FILMÃ‚Â…Ã‚Â…Ã‚Â…..<br /><br />Well this certainly is one of my very fav. Biographic movie. This movie came as a Total Surprise to me. I had been avoiding this movie for a very very Long time. Now that was because I am not a fan of Jamie Foxx. I still am not a Big Fan of him But I sure am a FAN now.<br /><br />Well He deserved every BIT of that Oscar. His performance is one of the BEST performances I have seen in a Long Long time. He is truly Sensational!<br /><br />Well the narration or the Flow of the story is Brilliant for a Biographical movie. I am a DRAMA fan so I wasn't bored at all.<br /><br />I was way too much surprised to have being liking the movie so much that I did not see any flaws in the movie. I think there isn't any flaw in the movie. Maybe some Events errors But hey who Cares?<br /><br />The performance by the woman who plays ray's Mother was also really GOOD. And well Kerry Washington Ã‚Â… she has so much Potential.. if given the right role She might just be the Next Oscar winner.<br /><br />Well the Story of them movie was so EMOTIONAL so TOUCHING.. I CriedÃ‚Â… I Cried very BadlyÃ‚Â…Ã‚Â…<br /><br />I don't give a damn if the things were mad- up or not cuz this movie mad me cryÃ‚Â… And that's a lot for me!<br /><br />All in all a SUPERB FILMÃ‚Â…Ã‚Â…. One of the very best of this century!<br /><br />10/10
critique984 I expected FAME to be an uplifting film but it ended up the opposite. The overall plot which follows the lives of several determined students attending a performing arts school has strong potential. However FAME builds its characters up beautifully and then leaves us with so many questions when its over. I was very surprised when the graduation scene pops up -- we thought the DVD had skipped or something. All of the characters have internal and external conflicts of some sort and virtually none of them are resolved when the movie ends! You might think there are too many characters but its probably too many scenes. Its evident the film was cut up and shortened because its sometimes lacks transition. I think Laura Dean as Lisa Monroe is my favorite character. I really connected with her character's ambition and following her heart. Boyd Gaines as Michael the stereotypical poor student who can't read but is a divine dancer is also very good. I didn't especially like Irene Cara's character of Coco but this is not Cara's fault since her script is weak and her character is not fleshed out. Her voice is beautiful and hearing her songs warrants watching the whole film. In summary the film could use many improvements but the quality actors and great music earn its place in film history.
critique985 If you want your vision of Chaplin limited to a lovable tramp and you get your belly laughs from pathos watch something else. If however you love slapstick comedy as performed by one of the best do watch this one.<br /><br />The image is of the tramp who really cannot get the girl. He spots another couple kissing on a park bench and he has a blast ruining their fun.<br /><br />This is one of Chaplin's "park comedies" filmed in Mack Sennett's park with pickpockets and cops and couples. These shorts work as the format allows Chaplin to shine as he weaves through predicaments.<br /><br />I checked the box as this could be considered a spoiler though it's not if you've seen these films. Everyone ends up in the pond except Chaplin. He gets the girl who in this case was played by Minta Durfee a.k.a. Mrs. Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle.
critique986 In the world of old-school kung fu movies where revenge pictures came a dime a dozen it took a lot for a film to stand out -- and even more to make it a fan favorite after all these years. What is arguably Chang Cheh's finest movie continues to hold influence over the Hong Kong movie industry from the themes of loyalty brotherhood and revenge as explored by John Woo (who got his start in the HK movie industry working for Chang) during the heyday of heroic bloodshed during the late 1980's to more modern movies like A Man Called Hero which sports a character in a costume inspired by this film. The influence has also carried into other areas as well from music such as the Wu-Tang Clan TV commercials for Sprite and video games such as Mortal Kombat." So what makes this movie so special? The plot -- on the surface -- is pretty simple. It deals with members of a rogue group known as the "Poison Clan" who are searching for a treasure hidden by their sifu. All of the members of the clan have extraordinary kung fu abilities denoted by their animal styles or "venoms" (the lizard can climb walls the scorpion has a deadly strike etc.). The twist is that since the clan always wears masks not all of them known who the others are. Thus a simple plot becomes almost a suspense thriller. We're not talking The Usual Suspects here but it's far above many other kung fu movies of the time. Supposedly Golden Harvest was not too happy with Chang's script -- like most of his movies they felt it was too dark and violent -- and they actually wanted him to add broad comic relief to it. Thankfully Chang stuck to his guns and stayed with his original script which has since has become revered as one of the best for the films of its time if not ever completing an almost perfect dramatic arc and providing the perfect backbone for the extraordinary action sequences.<br /><br />But what really solidifies the movie are the venoms themselves. Chang Cheh hit upon a magical formula with the cast -- not only did he gain talented martial artists (whose moves competed without the aid of wires or other special effects put most modern martial artists to shame) but great actors as well. The formula proved so popular that Chang usually had one or more of the venoms in his later movies. Getting back to matters at hand in most old-school movies the actors seem to playing out cardboard cutouts but here the actors actually create characters. It seems that everyone has a favorite venom (mine is Philip Kwok -- best known to many as Mad Dog from Hard-Boiled -- as Lizard) and it is this personal connection to the characters that The Five Deadly Venoms generates which makes it a true classic of the genre. Even if you're normally not a fan of old-school movies you need to check The Five Deadly Venoms out if for nothing else to see where modern movies got their inspiration from."
critique987 This movie was so heart warming. A true testament to an actors real life everyday ups and downs.It was truly a wonderful experience to share the passion of the actor on film and respect for what it must have taken off screen. This film is a reminder to everyone to go for there dreams!Never give up!Hurray for The Stand -in!!!
critique988 but just as entertaining and random! Love it or hate it but don't expect a sophisticated plot or nail-biting cliffhanger. Think of it like Seinfeld but without the follow-through and repeat performances of wacky characters (well...so far; i have a feeling i will develop favourites as the season continues).<br /><br />"Creature Comforts" is not for the faint of humour - it's meant to be enjoyed with the least amount of effort on your brain's part. Which is why this show embodies everything i need in a program when i get home from work in the evening: superficial conversation in the background with just the right amount of "cute" to the characters for me to enjoy when i eventually look up from the computer to see what i'm missing.<br /><br />Funnier than most of today's sitcoms calmer than an evening at NASCAR. Just the right mix of dead air and comebacks. Can't wait for the next one.
critique989 Diane and I saw this fabulous film today in Fremantle and we both agreed that of the pastiche movies it was head and shoulders above the rest. I say that because we were entranced by the brief five to ten minute segments that composed the film and the fact that this film had a theme around which each piece was composed and of course that theme was love in its many forms.<br /><br />Ostensibly the film took place in the various Parisian arrondisments thus giving a particular flavour to each segment. Having only been in Paris several times I was not knowledgeable enough to readily recognize the locations but I am sure Europeans and particularly French people could easily recognize the city's locations. In any event the viewer is immediately pulled into each story because of their production excellence so these city locations fade into in-consequence.<br /><br />The film moves quickly and the viewer is left absorbing one scenario while the new one is on the screen. The stories themselves are not graphic like some pulp Hollywood nonsense they are subtle and thought provoking and gentle as with most of life without the media swath that buries so much of life's beauty under the nearest dung heap just to sell sell. sell ...<br /><br />Go with someone you care for and allow this magical little film to bathe you like a spa treatment and when you leave my guess is you will feel renewed.
critique990 The Cell is weak on plot filled with holes and has pretty lousy acting as well. but none of this matters for director tarsem singh has given us one of the most visually stunning movies ever. the whole plot is just an excuse to let tarsem fool around and take you into the minds of a serial killer bringing the audience some shocking pleasing breath-taking and mind blowing images.<br /><br />the images from this beautiful movie will stick with you for a long time to come. this movie is a perfect case for the "suspension of disbelief" theory. forget the silly plot just let your senses be overwhelmed with the images. and J.Lo looks stunning enough to add to the rest of tarsem's work. the cinematography is harrowing the music haunting & the costumes just stunning. <br /><br />the movie is less of a movie and more of a work of art. its just that the medium is not canvas anymore it is the big-screen and celluloid. one of the most refreshing movies of this decade. The Cell is a must watch. A bold new step in movie making.<br /><br />an enthralling 8!!
critique991 After seeing Dick Tracy in the 6.99$ bin at Future Shop I decided to give it a go with no previous knowledge and being a big fan of Mafia and Crime movies. I was very surprised to see a very fun smart entertaining movie with solid performances throughout. The movie moves along well it has of course another solid performance from Warren Beatty but the real standouts of the film are Al Pacino and Madonna. I was happy to find out that Pacino was nominated for his performance as an over the top gangster trying to take down the city. Madonna was great as the damsel in distress she really impressed me and added depth to her performance. If you go in with the attitude of wanting to watch a fun smart movie with great acting and a solid script then give Dick Tracy a try. I don't think you will be disappointed. And Watch for the cameos from Paul Sorvino James Caan Kathy Bates and Dustin Hoffman among others.
critique992 A young man discovers that life is precious after he is seriously injured in a street racing accident. His father is a pastor who changes his outlook on life and he spends the whole movie sharing his new-found love for others in this shocking and heartwarming movie. The theme is built around street car racing and it is an excellent movie for people who are into that and movies like 'the fast and the furious'. This shows how people can overcome their problems and gives the general message about the meaning of life in a new and exciting way!
critique993 I come to Pinjar from a completely different background than most of the other reviewers who have posted here. I'm relatively new to Bollywood films and was born and raised in the US. So I don't have a broad basis for comparing Pinjar to other Indian films. Luckily no comparison is needed.<br /><br />Pinjar stands on its own as nothing less than a masterpiece.<br /><br />In one line I can tell you that Pinjar is one of the most important films to come out of any studio anywhere at any time. On a mass-appeal scale it *could* have been the Indian equivalent of "Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon" had it been adequately promoted in the US. This could very well have been the film that put Bollywood on the American map. The American movie-going public has a long-standing love affair with "Gone With the Wind" and while Pinjar doesn't borrow from that plot there are some passing similarities. Not the least of which is the whopping (by US standards) 183-minute run time.<br /><br />Set against the gritty backdrop of the India-Pakistan partition in 1947-48 is a compelling human drama of a young woman imprisoned by circumstances and thrust into troubles she had no hand in creating. Put into an untenable position she somehow manages to not only survive but to grow -- and even flourish.<br /><br />If the story is lacking in any way it's in the exposition. Puro's (the protagonist) growth as a person would be better illustrated -- at least for western audiences unfamiliar with Indian culture -- if her character's "back story" were more fully developed in the early part of the film. But that would have stretched a 3-hour movie to 3 1/2 hours or perhaps even more. Because not one minute of the film is wasted and none of what made it out of editing could really be cut for the sake of time. Better that the audience has to fill in some of what came before than to leave out any of what remains.<br /><br />I could use many words to describe Pinjar: "poignant" "disturbing" "compelling" "heart-wrenching" come to mind immediately. But "uplifting" is perhaps as apropos as any of those. Any story that points up the indomitability of the human spirit against the worst of odds has to be considered such. And Puro's triumph -- while possibly not immediately evident to those around her -- is no less than inspirational. For strength of story alone I cannot recommend this film highly enough.<br /><br />Equally inspiring is Urmila Matondkar's portrayal of Puro. All too often overlooked amid the bevy of younger newer actresses Urmila has the unique capability to deliver a completely credible character in any role she plays. She doesn't merely act Puro's part she breathes life into the character. Manoj Bajpai's selection as Rashid was inspired. He manages something far too few Indian film heroes can: subtlety. His command of expression and nuance is essential to the role. He brings more menace to the early part of the film with his piercing stare than all of the sword-wielding rioters combined.<br /><br />If you only see one Bollywood film in your life make it Pinjar.
critique994 Living just down the Hwy from Georgetown Co...I remember this movie well and thought it was great! The story seems like something John would do even in real life but there is something that I will always remember most about the movie. For those of you who don't live in Denver...every Christmas the city of Denver Co puts up a fabulous display of lights and decorations at the Civic Center in downtown Denver. Well...as it so happened during the filming of this movie a Nativity scene was needed. So...it was borrowed from the Civic Center display...with permission by the way! Someone had forgotten to advice the powers that be and it was reported stolen! A frantic search began with law enforcement for a few days. Finally someone spoke up and remembered loaning it to the film crew in Georgetown! It was returned and put back where it belonged! As it turns out...it wasn't featured all that much in the movie...you can barely see it during the Christmas show with the children. It did create quit a disturbance though...
critique995 i consider this movie as one of the most interesting and funny movies of all time. It has so much highly intelligent thoughts in it that anybody who thinks the movie is awful did not get it and is not able to recognize really deep philosophical themes which are in it (in all the 3 Schneider movies) without a doubt. Several universities in germany and throughout europe have made studies on Schneider's way of seeing things. By the way Helge Schneider is a very intelligent and sensitive person and on of the Jazz-musicions in germany (maybe europe). He is mostly inspired by the great M.Davis and T.Monk. So if you do not like him it is ok but please do not try to convince others that he might be stupid cheap boring or not funny. Because if you had to face this opinion in a discussion and if you are willing to really look into the art of H.Schneider you would have to "surrender".
critique996 No one would argue that this 1945 war film was a masterpiece. (How could any 1945 war film be a masterpiece?) And yet this is an extremely effective telling of a true story that of Al Schmidt blinded on Guadalcanal as played by John Garfield who spent days wearing a blindfold to capture the nuances of a blind person's actions. Robert Leckie in "Helmet for My Pillow"denigrates Schmidt's popularity in favor of his foxhole mate who was killed writing that "the country must have needed live heroes." <br /><br />Well I suppose the country did. And they had one here. There is a single combat scene in the movie bound to the studio lot lasting only ten minutes or so and occurring less than halfway through the film instead of being saved for the climax but it is the scariest and most realistic depiction of men under fire that I can remember having seen on screen including those in "Saving Private Ryan". Men yell with fear scream at each other and at the enemy and bleed and die without the aid of color stereophonic sound squibs or gore.<br /><br />Simply from a technological point of view the film is outstanding. It isn't just that we learn how complicated a mechanism a .30 caliber water-cooled Browning machine gun is or that it must be fired in bursts of only a few rounds or that it isn't waved around like a fire hose as in so many other war movies. The technical precision adds to the scene's riveting quality. The need to stick to short bursts is horrifying when dozens of shrieking enemies are pouring across a creek fifty feet away with the sole aim of exterminating you and your two isolated comrades confined to a small gun emplacement. <br /><br />The performances are solid if not bravura including those of the ubiquitous 1940s support John Ridgeley and a radiant youthful Eleanor Parker. The framing love story is spare but it works and ultimately is quite moving. A striking dream sequence is included. It's not Bunuel but for a routine 1945 film it stands out as original and effective. <br /><br />Albert Maltz may have overwritten the script or it may have been altered by someone else. It could have used the kind of pruning that might have introduced some much needed ambiguity. Still there are odd verbal punctuations that have a surprising impact on the viewer -- "Why don't God strike me dead?" And "In the eyes Lee. Get 'em in the eyes!" Depths of anguish in a few corny words. And a surprising amount of bitterness expressed by wounded veterans in a 1945 war film. <br /><br />Notes that might seem false to a contemporary viewer but perhaps shouldn't: the dated vernacular which it's difficult to believe many of today's kids could think was actually ever spoken -- "private gab" "dope" "drip" "Gee" "you dumb coot" "dame" "a swell guy" and "feeling sorry for yourself." Let us consider the historical context and be kind in our judgments. At the time some of this goofy lingo was at the cutting edge. <br /><br />Real weak points? The wounded veterans get together and argue with each other about how much of a collective future they have and the argument is oversimply resolved with a conclusion along the lines of "Just because you have a silver plate in your head doesn't mean people will think you're a bad person." There are sometimes voice overs and silent prayers that are both unnecessary and downright unimaginative. "Please God let him return to me" and that sort of thing. <br /><br />Well the film makers were operating within the constraints of their times. Maybe that's why the final fade is on a shot of Independence Hall and the inspiring strains of "America the Beautiful" swell in the back. <br /><br />None of this can undo the film's virtues which are considerable particularly the impact of that horrifying combat scene. It's not on television that often. If you have a chance by all means catch it.
critique997 This is like something I have NEVER seen before. It had me cracking up the whole time I don't think there was one scene that I didn't laugh through. It is about a girl from the country in South who goes off to a big town for college. At the school she befriends the RA across the hall. When she realizes that he has no family to go to for Thanksgiving she invites him to come home with her. Rabecca and her family and her serious boyfriend all go out to dinner one night and Becca realizes what her boyfriend is about to do...Propose. She urges Cral to do something so he stands up and shouts something like... Sorry mate but you are too late I already asked Becca to marry me a couple of weeks ago back at the school and she said yes. That all turns into Chaos. Please watch this classic it is totally worth it... I swear.
critique998 Ed (coincidentally an editor) is hired to cut horror films down to be favorable in Europe (where standards are much more rigorous). But he finds the films very mind-destroying and starts going a little bit mad. Okay "a little bit" might be an understatement.<br /><br />Let me just say this first of all: best. opening. scene. ever. A man in an office who blows up his head with a grenade. His boss then says -- with a straight face -- "you're fired". The entire film does not keep up this level of intensity but it certainly tries.<br /><br />Take the shotgun scenes the decapitation the clips from "Lost Limbs" (which my friend Jason wishes were a real film). The writer of this film thought up the idea of a woman who gets raped by a beaver and then immediately after gets shot in the face with a bazooka. That is something you won't find in any other movie (at least I'm pretty doubtful you will).<br /><br />This film's biggest flaw is the quality. The picture isn't as crisp as a 1997 film should be and the sound could be touched up (though it's not bad). I thought I was watching a 1980s film. Although that gave it a bit of a boost in my mind -- the film also had the 1980s style of writing and directing in it: a sense of fun and giving the audience a little something extra over the top. I do miss those days.<br /><br />I wish I had more to say though at the moment I cannot think of anything strong enough to praise this film. I do think you ought to see this. You've seen the box in your video store with the ax splitting the head... maybe you've passed it up a few times. Maybe you thought it would be cheesy. Pick it up. Savor it.
critique999 I actually liked this movie even though this movie seems to be so hated and i think it's even better then The Deer Hunter which was overrated. Both this movie and Year Of The Dragon are very underrated although i could see why someone would not like this movie. At three and a half hours the movie just goes on too long and the second half of the movie is much better than the first half. Kris Kristofferson and Christopher Walken are fighting over Isabelle Huppert but she can't make up her mind about which one to be with. Sam Waterston is the villain who has a list of 125 people to be killed who is says are anarchists and thieves. There is a great cast that also has Jeff Bridges Brad Dourif and a young Mickey Rourke.
critique1000 I am shocked. Shocked and dismayed that the 428 of you IMDB users who voted before me have not given this film a rating of higher than 7. 7?!?? - that's a C!. If I could give FOBH a 20 I'd gladly do it. This film ranks high atop the pantheon of modern comedy alongside Half Baked and Mallrats as one of the most hilarious films of all time. If you know _anything_ about rap music - YOU MUST SEE THIS!! If you know nothing about rap music - learn something! and then see this! Comparisons to 'Spinal Tap' fail to appreciate the inspired genius of this unique film. If you liked Bob Roberts you'll love this. Watch it and vote it a 10!
critique1001 Soul Calibur has always been my favorite fighting game series of all time. And SCIII is my favorite one of the series.<br /><br />The graphics are very well done. Much bigger improvement over the choppy polygons in Soul Edge/Soul Blade. The characters have facial expressions hair blows in the breeze and they even blink.<br /><br />Soul Calibur has always been known for it's interesting plots and characters and SCIII is no exception. Each character has his/her background story that is detailed and well done. My favorite character is Chai Xianghua. She's cute she's funny and she's a strong female character. Yeah I know she wears pink and has a boyfriend (who she ends up saving BTW) but there seems to be more to her than that. Xianghua like all the other characters have flaws and upsides to their personalities so no character is perfect not even the good guys.<br /><br />The music is beautifully composed for a fighting game series. It doesn't sound kitchy (the Vampire series) nor does it sound like old school porn film soundtrack (Mortal Kombat). The characters have their own themes and a lot of the themes are done to match the culture of that certain part of the world. I don't think there is a song on this soundtrack I don't like.<br /><br />Another cool thing about this game is to create your own anime-like character (Create a Soul). You could make him/her look as cute or as sexy or even ugly if you like. However if you found a character customization that you like remember to take notes or else you won't remember how you created that character. I found myself being very addicted to CaS.<br /><br />Overall I think Soul Calibur is my number one fighting game series of all time. It has everything I asked for. What more could I want?
critique1002 BergmanÃ‚Â´s tale about how the hell of the war can drive a sensible couple of musicians to the barbarousness. With many memorable scenes throughout the film I found particularly remarkable that close to the end where Ullmann and Von Sydow go in a boat completely surrounded by corpses of soldiers floating on the sea. A fascinating masterpiece!
critique1003 I remember years ago BBC1 used to show this movie in a very cut form. I tracked it down on video a couple of years ago and viewed it again. The film although slow and slightly odd (the mountain men look very strange) the atmosphere was eerily effective. It's one of my favorite slasher films and I have no idea where an uncut version can be found. Currently deleted everywhere (except the USA where it was accidentally put on a horror compilation!). It's a shame you cannot get this movie as it was meant to be seen. Wrong turn (the recent Stan Winston produced movie) owes a great deal to Just Before Dawn. One of the better 80's slasher films and deserves to be seen by a wider audience.
critique1004 I got to see the movie " On Thin Ice" on the television in India.. I must say the movie was really well done and really sent a chill down my spine.. the basic story makes me ponder what makes certain addicts decide to move on where as others still remain addicted...<br /><br />however I felt that Diane Keaton was at her best... the scene where she has cravings and begins rummaging her home for cocaine... was the best... the two boys are good and Lynda Boyd also showed what a good actress she is....The script is well done as is the cinematography and direction.. and casting<br /><br />A must must watch movie..... for everyone
critique1005 i think the team behind this film did a very good job with the limitations they had. only Ã‚Â£300000 and 7 weeks to write film and edit the whole thing which i think is an achievement in itself. although this film is not for the masses (as a young innocent teenage girl is killed and there is homo-eroticism involved in the story) i think that this film is a heart wrenching tragedy and the more deeply involved you get in the story the more sadness you feel. more so towards Heaton because of the love he feels but is not returned.<br /><br />this is one of my favourite British films that i enjoyed very much and would watch again. i think that it's a shame that is film is not very well heard of at all.
critique1006 It is very rare for a film to appeal to viewers of all ages--to children for a fine narrative and a wonderful colorful production and to adults for a literate script fine production values good casting/acting all bound together with a fine Rozsa score. Two roughly contemporary films accomplish this--"Thief of Baghdad" (1940) and "The Adventures of Robin Hood" (1938). Some of the back story on this production is fascinating. This production commenced in England in the summer of 1939 moved to Hollywood and proved a cover for British intelligence efforts! The producer Alexander Korda was subsequently knighted in 1942. Here is a unique case of the intersection of art commerce and politics! By all means secure a good CD of this film for your library!
critique1007 From "36 Chowringhee Lane" to "15 Park Avenue" Aparna Sen has indeed traveled a long way. If the first one goes down in history as a dÃƒÂ©butant's clean sweep the latter will definitely carve a special place as a "mature" film. Until you see 15 Park Avenue you cannot imagine feeling thrilled and moved at the same time. Thrilled to see the director's ingenuity and agility in portraying seriously challenging situations and moved by the sensitivity echoing throughout the film. It is not a movie that merely makes you feel 'tchh tchh how difficult life must be for schizophrenics' but makes you ask a much deeper question about the reality that you see and believe. Sen has done a brilliant job in highlighting this supreme fact of our existence that we all are in some way or other trying to live in a make-believe world of our own trying to run after mirages called happiness peace contentment. Along with the depiction of a delusional mind Sen's magic has brought forth many little nuances of human relationships as they sustain stress and strain. The fact that at times we all lose calm break down make wrong choices be haunted by guilt behave selfishly and so on is captured with extreme adroitness by Sen. She showed the cruel dilemma which Shabana had to deal with all her life of having to choose between a schizophrenic sister and a normal life with a husband and kids for herself. And in the act of always being beside her sister always being a strong persona providing support making judgments and so on she unknowingly cut off some of the oxygen that her sister needed to bloom. Isn't this a very harsh truth that at times in an attempt to do the best for someone we strangle their assertiveness and end up hurting their self-esteem? Of course Konkona's and Shabana's acting deserves laurels as always because had the ingredients not been so good the dish could not have turned out to be so extraordinary. Aparna Sen once again made a masterpiece of a movie for those who crave for some "food-for-thought" . Bravo !
critique1008 Funny yes. A Freleng classic! To watch Sylvester turn green is always a treat and it brings us back to the days when cartoon slapstick was brave and geared for the adult mind.<br /><br />Loved it!
critique1009 I can understand why others reacted rather unpleasantly towards the climax yielding a twist that really is hard to take seriously. I think though that the build-up to it works rather well. The music quite menacing and spine-tingling really provides a spooky aura matching the unforgiving sound of a constant ringing telephone that is driving struggling English actress Joan Matlin(Jean Marsh)bonkers. She's borrowing a pal's nice apartment while attempting to jump-start her career in New York City(..the city buildings outside the window look about as realistic as David Letterman's)and is unceremoniously welcome by a noisy telephone which rings quite a bit followed by loud slams against the wall. Searching for answers regarding the one responsible for such disregard towards her sanity Joan discovers that no one rents that room and that a former tenant had in fact strangled herself. Without help from the manager Joan will decide to find out for herself who is causing her such anguish. Joan discovers the room empty and the phone with a particular female voice which will haunt her.<br /><br />The episode I think is a tour-de-force for Jean Marsh who is a one woman show. She's the only actress visible and we follow her through the crisis which slowly erodes her the phone and the banging from that other room causing her much distress which grows into fear. Instead of leaving Joan remains so shaken by the noise and to the breaking point where she just wishes for the phone(..or whoever is ringing)to stop. The episode provides a possible answer as to who is plaguing Joan and why. A character named Beth comes into the story rather late as Joan struggles to find out whose female voice it was across the other line who knew her name on that dreaded phone she discovers in the room across from hers. The fate of Beth might just tell the viewer why Joan is being traumatized. I think this episode is an exercise in spooks instead of credibility;some didn't particularly like it but I certainly did. I will admit that the phone as a physical menace "crawling" towards Joan is hard to take seriously not to mention it's attack on her but I thought the intense opening twenty minutes before this were suitably chilling enough to make up for it.
critique1010 There are many kinds of reunion shows. One kind is where old actors are taken out of mothballs and set to recreate characters they haven't played for twenty or thirty years. These have mixed results. `Return to Mayberry' despite some silliness was okay; `Return to Green Acres' as execrable (Eddie Albert used a word for the script I won't repeat here but both it and the movie stink); `Rescue from Gilligan's Island' filled in a necessary gap in the story of the castaways though the show itself was silly even from a `Gilligan's Island' viewpoint. In most cases the scripts are weak; sometimes a silliness appears in the scripts that is too knowing Ã‚Â– and in comedy it's nearly always fatal for the characters to know they're being funny. New characters are introduced who don't fit the mix. In the main these reunion shows are pretty weak. A second sort of `reunion' show is the kind where the cast lays its past aside but sits around telling stories reminiscing interspersed with flashbacks from the shows. Then there are movies based on the shows which are rarely good; and movies based on the history of the show (`The Brady Bunch' has had both of these happen to it with various results).<br /><br />`Return to the Batcave' uses nearly all the above with a wonderfully twisted viewpoint which makes it the best of the reunion shows and has raised the bar for the others.<br /><br />Adam West and Burt Ward and summoned to a showing of the original Batmobile. While they are there the car is stolen. <br /><br />The Adam West of the movie is a man demented. He called Jerry his butler `Alfred'. He opens a bust of Shakespeare in his apartment and reveals a hidden pole to slide down to the parking garage. He's obsessed with being a crime fighter when in fact he's merely a washed up actor. When the Batmobile is stolen he not only believes it's his duty as a crime fighter to recover it he drags and unwilling Burt Ward in as his assistant.<br /><br />The pursuit is largely loquacious with West and Ward reminiscing about the old days. It is broken by `flashbacks' with actors playing West and Ward in the old days. The modern scenes and the `flashbacks' both have the wacky lack of reality the show maintained. There are also running gags that show West is able to make fun of himself: in Ward's book about his time on the show he spoke frankly about West's libido and also his being a skinflint (West makes Ward pay for everything in their pursuit down to tips and bus fare). The clues they follow the characters they meet (even in flashback) all fit the mentality of the old series and there are several homages including a fist fight with written sound effects.<br /><br />The whole thing is extremely funny and done with great panache. There are also cameos by Julie Newmar (looking like she's had one facelift too many) and Frank Gorshin reminding us why he has such a cult following. Gorshin will be the Riddler when Jim Carey his obvious successor is long forgotten. The movie builds to a fairly obvious but funny climax.<br /><br />This show is a model for reunion shows Ã‚Â– unfortunately there are few that can fit the pattern. This show had actors replaying their old characters; young actors playing a movie about the making of the show; the actors West and Ward reminiscing; and a modern-day movie with the real Adam West playing the demented Adam West. It has everything. If you loved the old show this is the stopper on the bottle.
critique1011 I was worried that my daughter might get the wrong idea. I think the "Dark-Heart" character is a little on the rough side and I don't like the way he shape-shifts into a "mean" frog fox boyÃ‚Â… I was wrong This movie was made for my kid not for me. She "gets it" when it went over (under?) my head. Of course I don't "get it". This isn't one of the NEW kids movies that adults will ALSO enjoy. This is straight for the young ones and the crew knew what they were doing. There isn't any political junk ether. There's no magic key that will save the world from ourselves nobody has the right to access excess and everyone isn't happy all the time. And as a side benefit nobody DIES! Ã‚Â–russwill.
critique1012 There are many illnesses born in the mind of man which have been given life in modern times. Constant vigilance or accrued information in the realm of Pyschosis have kept psychologists counselors and psychiatrists busy with enough work to last them decades. Occasionally some of these mental phenomenon are discover by those with no knowledge of their remedy or even of their existence. That is the premise of the film entitled " The Night Listner." It tells the story of a popular radio host called Gabriel Noon (Robin Williams) who spends his evenings enthralling his audiences with vivid stories about Gay lifestyles. Perhaps its because his show is losing it's authentic veneer which causes Noon to admit he is no longer himself. Feeling abandoned by both his lover Jess (Bobby Cannavale) and his and best friend (Joe Morton) he seeks shelter in his deepening despair and isolation. It is here a mysterious voice in the night asks him for help. Noon needs to feel useful and reaches out to the desperate voice which belongs to a 14 year old boy called Peter (Rory Culkin). In reading the boy's harrowing manuscript which depicts the early life and sexual abuse at the hands of his brutal parents Noon is captivated and wants to help. However things are not what they seem and Noon soon finds himself en-wrapped in an elusive and bizarre tale torn right out of a medical nightmare. This movie is pure Robin Williams and were it not for Toni Collette who plays Donna D. Logand Sandra Oh as Anna and John Cullum as pop this might be comical. Instead this may prove to be one of William's more serious performances. ***
critique1013 Re: Pro Jury<br /><br />Although the lead actress is STRIKINGLY beautiful the plot stands little chance of acceptance because too many distracting details face the audience during the unfolding of the story.<br /><br />One may believe that middle-class teen-age school girls in the 1950's easily gave away their virginity without thought of marriage to 30-year-old's they barely know but I doubt it.<br /><br />"EASILY GIVE AWAY VIRGINITY"? WHAT A SHREWD REMARK ABOUT THIS FILM. TRULY.<br /><br />One may believe that young high school teens are highly self-confident and self-assured as they interact with their elders in complex social situations but my experience has been more often than not teenagers feel very awkward and act clumsy as they experiment in the adult world.<br /><br />YOU JUST AREN'T AT ALL ABLE TO SEE THE WORLD OTHER THAN THROUGH YOUR OWN EYES? THAT'S SAD.<br /><br />One may believe that a experienced medical doctor would not know the pungent oder of Stroptomycin -- the smelly fermenting byproduct of busy earth microbes -- and not detect that some lifeless bland powder is fake but I think not. <br /><br />AND ANOTHER "EXPERT" OPINION DRAWN FROM EXPERIENCE. DANDY.<br /><br />One may believe that 30-something-year-old troublemakers can enter into and hang around inside a public school rec hall during a school social and make trouble but I think that school socials are traditionally a protected environment and parents chaparones and school staff would be around to prevent this.<br /><br />NOW BE A GOOD SPORT AND TELL US AT WHICH INSTITUTION YOU GREW UP.<br /><br />One final nit throughout Hey Babu Riba the five teenage friends referred to themselves as the foursome. There is probably an explanation why the FIVE were the FOURsome but because it was never detailed each reference distracts from each scene.<br /><br />OF COURSE THERE'S PROBABLY AN EXPLANATION. GOOD JOB FIGURING THAT OUT! NOW I'LL BE GENEROUS AND WILL HELP YOU OUT OF YOUR MISERY: ALTHOUGH IT WAS TRANSLATED AS A GENERAL "FOURSOME" THE WORD "&#269;ETVORKA" HAS ANOTHER MEANING: IT'S A SPORTS TERM USED TO DESIGNATE A 4M OR 4W SETUP - A ROWING CREW CONSISTING OF 5 PERSONS: 4 ROWERS AND A COXSWAIN.<br /><br />This movie did not ring true for me.<br /><br />WE SHOULD ALL HEED TO YOUR COMPETENT AND PRAISEWORTHY OPINION. DUDE.
critique1014 The movie has a great written genre story. It features all of the usual Columbo ingredients; The way Lt. Columbo approaches and bonds to his suspect the way the mystery unravels for him Columbo's dog the cat and mouse play which is great in this one and luckily as well some good relieving humor mostly involving the Columbo character. It's all written despite the fact that it doesn't even have a truly original concept. Columbo hunting down a detective/murder novel writer had been done more than once before in a Columbo movie.<br /><br />It's also an extremely well directed movie from James Frawley who after this directed 5 more Columbo movies in the '70's and '80's. He provided the movie with style and some truly great and memorable sequences.<br /><br />It's one of the slower moving Columbo movies despite not having a too long running time. This style and approach doesn't always work out well for a Columbo movie but in this movie it does which is perhaps not in the least thanks to the acting performances of the movie.<br /><br />Most Columbo movie either starred a big well known star or a star from the early days of film-making as the movie its murderer. This movie stars the rather unknown 81 year old Ruth Gordon. She didn't starred in an awful lot of movies throughout her career but she is still well known to some mostly for her role in "Rosemary's Baby" which also won her an Oscar. She had a realistic and somewhat unusual style of acting which some people might not like though. It earned her 4 more Oscar nominations throughout her career prior to her win for "Rosemary's Baby" in 1969. She has some great interaction as well with Peter Falk in their sequences together.<br /><br />The movie also stars a still young G.D. Spradlin. I say young because I only know him from his latest productions out of his career despite the fact that he already was 57 at the time of this Columbo production. He is still alive but retired from acting ever since 1999.<br /><br />An even better than usual Columbo movie entry.<br /><br />8/10
critique1015 I was looking at the external reviews (Ebert etc.) for this film and they were all pretty much negative. However after reading many of them I noticed that they all made the same point. Critics were upset that the film centers around what appears to be a senseless murder of an autistic child. Certainly this is a disturbing image. Critics like Ebert want a traditional detective story that uncovers why the killing happened and squarely places blame on the guilty. They want blame to be cast and resolved. Well that status-quo theme is kind of what the movie is parodying. Just like society the critics wanted a very quick resolution so they could move on to their next tragic opera. Perhaps there is no simple question to be answered here? There is a whole lot more to what happened then what is on the surface. The film does not seek to rationalize what happens but rather understand the why. What also steams me so much about these inane reviews is that all they look at in the way of performances is Spacey and Cheadle who were both great (and generally are). But there are other great performances at work here other than just the two current icons of Hollywood. Gosling gives an incredible performance that really only somebody of his extreme talent could deliver. Somehow Gosling is able to make the killer of an autistic child sympathetic. This irritates many I am sure. However if one watches the film they see what Leeland's motivation is it is wrong but it is not evil. Malone is also on top of her game as yet another confused young character. Basically the killing of the child in this film is not the main theme of the movie. The main theme is life itself and how people go about dealing with it the highs and lows and how they attempt to sometimes help others deal with their lives (which does not seem to work out very well). There is a lot of good and bad in this world and how we handle each has direct impact on how much more good and bad will take place and sometimes a confused attempt at doing good can lead to a whole bunch more of bad. I think this is one of the more memorable films in sometime and has an ending that is as touching as anything in recent movie history. I strongly believe people should view this film with an open mind.
critique1016 I'm not at all picky about horror movies and I'm willing to watch pretty much any of them. That doesn't mean that I'm willing to re-watch many of them or that I won't have criticism for them. This movie is creepy and is very well done. In fact I think this movie would make an excellent double-bill with Session 9.<br /><br />I should specify before I get to my comments that I watched this alone. I started watching it before going to bed and got about 15 minutes in before I realized that it was too effective so I saved the rest of it for the morning. Even while watching it in broad daylight it was still creepy. However I can't vouch for how effective it would be when watching in a larger group.<br /><br />After the death of their daughter a couple move to a remote cabin as a means of trying to come to terms with this death. Let me make note of this death - this is one of the rare movies that doesn't shy away from the death of a child. This is much more important as it both sets the tone as well as explains much of the acting that permeates the movie.<br /><br />The couple is not doing well. The wife has distanced herself from the relationship and the husband is doing what he can to try to bring her back. While some of the comments have complained about their acting - one specified that they act more like a father and daughter than husband and wife and that's legitimate. He's trying to give her more direction. It's a role that men sometimes take on.<br /><br />There are a variety of scares in the film and most are fairly non-violent though grotesque in some ways. The story itself feels very straightforward for most of the film and takes an odd turn near the end. While the turn is not absurd it is certainly not what you expected from the way things had been progressing.<br /><br />Moody atmospheric and very well done for something that appears to have been shot on video.
critique1017 I must admit when I first began watching this film I had no clue what was going on. So the beginning was a bit confusing for me. However that did not diminish my enjoyment of the movie. The characters reveal themselves to be more complex than they may first appear and that is what makes this a memorable film. At first I heard this was a real "Hollywood" movie. Although it obviously lacks the stereotypical "guns and fists" element the convincing performances of talented actors such as Martin Sheen and Sam Neill more than make up for it. I'd rather see a film with more substance than shooting any day.
critique1018 This is simply a classic film where the human voices coming from the animals are really what they're thoughts are. I don't know whether my video copy has a scene missing but it never shows how the dogs got out of the pit. It also shows an animals survival instinct and tracking abilities.Put humans in the same position ant the helicopters would be out. For once an original film is improved by a remake as the voice-over for the first has been removed. Only the use of animals can work in a film of this kind because using people would have had to spice out the story by turning it into murderproving thatafter allanimals are more interesting than people
critique1019 Having been a fan of 'Columbo' I was sorely disappointed in 'Corky Romano'. While certainly a funny movie Falk's mob boss character was a far cry from the lovable lieutenant he's played for so many years especially with the offensive language he used. After 'Corky Romano' I was honestly both surprised by and soured on Mr. Peter Falk. HOWEVER having just seen 'Finding John Christmas' and its predecessor 'A Town Without Christmas' for the first time within a week of each other I have to say that 'Max' Peter's Falk's delightful character in both movies is surely as memorable and lovable as 'Columbo'. While parts of the movie are quite predictable such scenes in no way take away from the enjoyment of seeing the story played out. I too wish I had recorded both of these heartwarming Christmas movies and I highly recommend them whether you're a Falk fan a Christmas nut or simply someone who enjoys the occasional feel-good movie of the week. This movie may end up lost among the throngs of made-for-TV holiday flicks so be sure to find 'Finding John Christmas' before it's too late.
critique1020 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1021 Lapyuta (Castle in the Sky) more than any of Hayao Miyazaki's movies brings the joy of storytelling to the audience. It is the kind of movie that makes one feel like a kid again; it's just magical. It's a crime that it took this long for it to be released in the states but now that it's here check it out! And stick with the original language; the dub changed my impressions of the characters somewhat which is something that should be avoided at all costs in a translation of a movie (or book whatever.)<br /><br />I give it a ten/ten.
critique1022 Beautifully filmed well acted tightly scripted suspense movie. Had me on the edge of my seat. I liked the lead actress very much and thought the villain was very well done. Not much to chew on here in the way of a theme but if you just get in your seat turn your brain off watch the fancy camera work and enjoy the plot you will have a great time. The plot is well worn and regular movie goers will probably know more or less what to expect by about ten minutes in. But that didn't bother me as I enjoyed watching it unfold. In the old days they might not have focused so tightly on just two characters and there were some enticing moments when I hoped they were going to let some other people have a few lines. But these folks were probably right to keep the movie so tightly focused. The plot got me by the throat fairly early on and never let go. It's not a good idea to think too much either during or after the movie. as I'm not sure it makes a great deal of sense. Just sit back and enjoy.
critique1023 I read that Jessie Matthews was approached and turned down co-starring with Fred Astaire in Damsel in Distress. Jessie Matthews in her prime never left her side of the pond to do any American musical films. IF they had teamed for this film it would have been a once in a lifetime event.<br /><br />It's a pity because Damsel in Distress has everything else going for it. Fred Astaire story and adapted to screen by author P.G. Wodehouse Burns&Allen for comedy and songs by the Gershwin Brothers. In answer to the question posed by the Nice Work If You Can Get It there isn't much you could ask more for this film.<br /><br />Except a leading lady. Though Ginger Rogers made several films away from Fred Astaire Damsel in Distress is the only film Astaire made without Rogers while they were a team. Young Joan Fontaine was cast in this opposite Astaire.<br /><br />Her character has none of the bite that Ginger Rogers's parts do in these films. All she basically has to do is act sweet and demure. She also doesn't contribute anything musically. And if I had to rate all the dancing partners of Fred Astaire Joan Fontaine would come out at the bottom. The poor woman is just horrible in the Things Are Looking Up number. <br /><br />When she co-starred later on in a musical with Bing Crosby The Emperor Waltz it's no accident that Fontaine is given nothing musical to do.<br /><br />The version I have is a colorized one and in this case I think it actually did some good. The idyllic lush green English countryside of P.G. Wodehouse is really brought out in this VHS copy. Especially in that number I mentioned before with Astaire and Fontaine which does take place in the garden.<br /><br />Burns&Allen on the other hand as a couple of old vaudeville troopers complement Astaire in grand style in the Stiff Upper Lip number. The surreal fun-house sequence is marvelously staged.<br /><br />P.G. Wodehouse's aristocracy runs the gamut with Constance Collier at her haughty best and for once Montagu Love as Fontaine's father as a nice man on film.<br /><br />The biggest hit out of A Damsel in Distress is A Foggy Day maybe the best known song about the British capital city since London Bridge Is Falling Down. Done in the best simple elegant manner by Fred Astaire it's one of those songs that will endure as long as London endures and even after.<br /><br />Overlooking the young and inexperienced Joan Fontaine A Damsel in Distress rates as a classic classic score classic dancing classic comedy. Who could ask for anything more?
critique1024 This is the first sci fi series that I have seriously become hooked on since Star Trek (and I haven't watched Trek in years). It takes the invasion theme in somewhat different directions but has done it in a very exciting way. It also borrows from soap opera format where it continues the arc throughout the entire year run of the series. The CGI definitely doesn't overcome the plot or the characters except for Nim the fledgling creature who is a pet with definite attitude. (Anything that would show what he really thought about the neighbor's yippy dog is A-1 in my book.) He was a stroke of genius. <br /><br />I am left at the end of the finale asking questions (intelligent ones I hope) and crossing my fingers and toes that NBC or someone else (Sci Fi maybe) will continue to run the series and answer those questions. <br /><br />A really great classy show.
critique1025 This film had everything i need in a film: - Women skateboarding violence music by H.I.M and Tony Hawk!!! the artwork and camera effects in this film is amazing. The music in this film is the best I've heard in any other film. Each track goes so well with its scene. I thought the acting was really good considering none of Bams crew have been in scripted films before. Although the whole concept of the film is the story of Ryan Dunn and his girlfriend (Glauren) who is sleeping with Hellboy behind his back is a predictable and age old story. They way its acted out is very unpredictable for example: Falcone and the gas tank Raab Himself Dunn breaking bottles behind the wawa and all the Don Vito scenes. This films is a must see!
critique1026 This one started excellently. The photography and audio are the best I've experienced in years (okay months). Especially the use of 'warm' and 'cold' colours in single sequences is astonishing. Also making Jennifer Lopez whisper most of her lines is an idea in itself but I'm not sure what Singh wants to accomplish with that.<br /><br />Now for the minuses. The screenplay was awful. Lopez's part turned out to be irrelevant or totally worthless to the plot. She seemed to star the movie only to sell herself and the pic. The three beds seemed just too obvious. The baptizing of the child Carl was a psychologically too underlined way to embark the motive which Carl 'worked' under. And so on..<br /><br />Anyway the movie had great way of showing where Singh comes from. Why is it that the most talented directors seem to emerge from India nowadays?
critique1027 I won't repeat all that has been said already by other viewers of this film.<br /><br />In my opinion this is an excellent film not only as a very human tale of the developing relationship between a father and his grown-up son but also as a little window onto the world of practising Islam for those like me who are not very familiar with that religion.<br /><br />An important aspect of this story is that of the young man's relation to his father's beliefs and practices and how his attitude towards the religion seems to alter in subtle ways as we progress on their journey with them.<br /><br />This is a very thought-provoking enjoyable and well-made film that I would recommend to anyone with brain and heart.
critique1028 Despite later claims this early-talkie melodrama has very little in common with "Citizen Kane": It's a biopic of a ruthless but human fictional plutocrat told in flashback but hopping around time. The scriptwriter Preston Sturges shows none of his later gift for sparkling dialog and none of the myriad cinematic innovations of "Kane" are evident. Still it's very watchable with a young Spencer Tracy (his old-man makeup makes him look just like well an old Spencer Tracy) showing depth and authority and Colleen Moore -- a little past her prime and not physically well matched -- playing a multifaceted woman-behind-the-man. There's also Helen Vinson as one of the most treacherous femmes fatales in movie history sending the final third into ecstatic soap-opera reverberations. The surviving print is jumpy and has missing audio snippets and there are some plot holes left open (how would she know whose son it was if she's sleeping with both of them?) and the music is awfully hokey. For all that I was quite fascinated.
critique1029 Unlike Bond and other detective movies Alfred Hitchcock's hero used to be a common man who would get into trouble and then with his acumen and courage (and luck) would get out of it. Jewel Thief is based on the same principle and so in a way it is Vijay Anand's tribute to the master of suspense. The tribute as it may be but it stands its own grounds and establishes Vijay Anand as a great director himself.<br /><br />It is the story of a common man Vinay who one day realizes that he has a double called Amar who in fact is a Jewel Thief. Suddenly Vinay finds himself in the middle of a hatching scheme and to save himself goes on a wild goose chase to find this Amar who remains one step ahead of him. The suspense is almost killing throughout the movie and as the plot unravels you are hit by the brilliance of the scheme. Just like Hitchcock's movies Jewel Thief can boast of a grand climax shot inside the grand palace of Sikkim.<br /><br />Everyone and I mean everyone; Dev Anand Vijay Anand Ashok Kumar Vajyanti Mala Tanuja SD Burman Kishore Kumar Majrooh Sultanpuri etc. etc. are in their top forms. This is one of the best thrillers ever made in India.
critique1030 I saw this movie when I was a kid and have been looking for it ever since.It rates up there with Cabin in The Sky Stormy Weather and Carmen Jones as a must see in movies that showcased the awesome talent of African Americans.In the 60s the local Los Angeles TV stations would have a movie of the week and some stations would show the same movie for 5 days.Porgy and Bess was one of them and my whole family would be there all 5 nights in front of the TV and only moved on the commercials.South PacificOklahoma and The Sound of Music are all musical classics that you can pick up at any video store. It would be a shame to let this collection of some of the best talent America had to offer be forgotten or locked in a vault.Please make the film available to the public.
critique1031 Inside I'm Dancing (Rory O'Shea Was Here)is the story of two handicapped young men Rory O'Shea who is almost completely immobilized and confined to wheelchair and Michael Connelly who is debilitated by MS and also confined to a wheelchair.<br /><br />Set in Ireland the film opens with Rory arriving at a assisted living center. He eventually befriends Michael but only after a few tense scenes where Rory rebels against the staff and other patients in the usual "movie way" playing loud metal music using profanity and general obnoxiousness. His budding friendship with Michael is cemented by the fact that Rory seems to be the only one who understands Michael or is at least willing to try.<br /><br />Eventually through some trial and tribulation the pair petition and are granted the right to live own their own in specially adapted apartment. The apartment is paid for by Michael's father who had essentially abandoned him do to his disability. The two also hire an attractive assistant named Siobhan (played by Romola Garai)to help them with their day to day living. This is essentially where the crux of the film develops as both develop feelings for her. Michael is struck particularly hard. Unfortunately for both but Michael especially Siobhan does not feel the same and it results in her having to leave. As Michael temporarily regresses and wants to return to the Asst. Living Center Rory convinces him to continue to live on his own. The film ends on a sad note that many viewers may have seen coming but ultimately we are left feeling that Michael has truly become independent and the future is his as Rory pointed out to him towards the end of movie.<br /><br />You know I can't say that I've seen a lot of "handicapped films" and I don't know if they could be considered a specific genre. But there is a type of formula to them. One person is unwilling to live beyond his illness until some liberating force compels him/her to do so and Inside I'm Dancing is really know different. What works however is it probably is more subtle about the peaks and valleys the two men go through then what you might expect. There are no intentionally gratuitous moments and no "stand up and cheer" manipulations. The sad parts are sad and the funny parts are funny. Some viewers might recoil a bit that Rory is the spiky haired punk type with the earing in his nose as the too perfect "rebel" clichÃƒÂ© but the actor James McAvoy somehow makes it real. The same can be said for Steven Robertson who plays Michael. When Michael's heart is broken it doesn't seem to be invoked by a poor script trying to get the audience worked up but rather a young man genuinely in pain over unrequited love. The kind of pain many can relate to whatever their physical condition. Again these are the types of things that make the film work and make it poignant without being overbearing and enjoyable on many levels.<br /><br />Recommended.
critique1032 Contains spoilers I had it recorded a while ago when it was on PBS but never got a chance to watch it (probably due to prejudice about having to sit through 5-6 hrs of Masterpiece Theater with its BBC made for TV production style (no music settings all in one room no outdoor scenes flat TV look...)) But after watching the movie Traffic (which I thought was pretty good at that time) I couldn't help digging up the Traffik tape to see what else could they have dwelled into with the extra 2 1/2 hr.<br /><br />Boy was my preconceptions wrong about this TV series. It is so much more involving than Traffic. The characters are fleshed out better so that their actions are more believable. And the whole subplot involving Pakistan completes the whole point of view of everyone in the whole supply chain from the farmer to the end user. In Traffic the Pakistan story was rewritten and reduced down to a good cop vs bad cop plot.<br /><br />There was alot more meaningful discussion and debate about alcohol and other forms of drug whereas in Traffic they mostly became passing references of no significance. Same with social issues which in Traffik were conveyed realistically w/o sounding preachy. Whereas in Traffic the characters jus t blurted it out as a statement like the way they do it in those made for TV "issue of the week" movies.<br /><br />There was no bad guy vs good guy in Traffik even the dealer is portrayed as a junkie that sells to support his habit instead of the "nobody messes with me" type of person in Traffic.<br /><br />The only down part is that since I watched Traffic not much before watching this it was hard not to compare scene by scene and even though the scenes were not the same I knew what the outcome was going to be already. Thank god for the Pakistan story which is different enough that it allowed me to enjoy it completely w/o thinking which scene it compares to. Although I was thrown off thinking the drugs were fused into the ceramic of the statues in which Helen brought back to Germany (as in the storyline of Traffic.) Thank god Traffik was not that hokey and far-fetched.
critique1033 I saw this movie in 1959 when I was 11 years old at a drive-in theater with my family.<br /><br />Way back then I thought it was very funny . . . even though I was too young to understand 90% of what makes this marvelous movie such a delight! I saw it again this morning on "Turner South". As I watched it I was absolutely convulsed with laughter! "The Mating Game" is a unique classic from a by-gone age. If you're too young to have experienced the enchanting period in history that produced this film I feel very sorry for you. There's no way you can watch movies like this and understand how they can (even today) deliver such a delightful slice of heaven to "old timers" like me.<br /><br />Having said that all I can do is respectfully request that younger people refrain from commenting on films like "The Mating Game".<br /><br />Movies like this were made for the generation that preceded the current group of your people. And as such these films speak a very different language than any of you can understand.<br /><br />In other words Ã‚Â– if you don't understand the issues the film is addressing please don't embarrass yourself by offering comments which Ã‚Â– frankly Ã‚Â– make no sense.
critique1034 When A Stranger Calls is actually a pretty good movie. I had never saw the original and so when I watched this I thought it was unique. When When A Stranger Calls was advertised on the television the trailer gave away the ending. Well I never saw the trailer so when I saw this film I was surprised at how good it turned out to be. I walked by it one day and decided I'd buy it and now I'm lucky I did because I thought it was a very pleasing movie that is a nice little film to own. It is getting a lot of unfair treatment and if you're interested in this movie at all don't listen to all the negativity. Camille Belle is not as bad of an actress as everyone makes her out to be and she did a great job in this movie so all you haters get over yourselves lighten up and actually try to enjoy this movie for what it is; A fun teeny bopper popcorn flick. If you haven't seen it please do for it is a lot more enjoyable than a lot of the other slashers being made recently...
critique1035 The movie is incredible it has a sound track which sets the tone for the movie. THe lines in the movie are great such as "Nothings to good for out friends" and "Its collection time Charlie collection time." I can watch this movie over and over again and still laugh because the lines and action are one of a kind. I feel that when i watch this movie I want to go out and shoot down bad guys If there is a movie that you don't want to miss its this one. "They killed the Giggler man they killed the Giggler" "They had no right in doing that hes on our turf ill take care of it." The lines just keep on coming in the movie. Deff. go out and not rent but buy this movie its worth the money trust me.
critique1036 Cinderella....<br /><br />I hadn't watched this film for about five years the last time i saw it. The magic remains. There is something that definitely contains that storybook feel the songs entertain and the secondary character's all please. The villains in the form of step sisters are perfectly evil and vile. Then there is the most magical of all Disney the mice making the dress and well you know the rest. To sum up the four of the Disney princess movies are all great but this is a charming magical experience watch and enjoy. Oh and of course Cinderella is wonderful as the main character in the movie.<br /><br />If you think about it Disney movies can really lost their charm. With Elene Wood and others the movie has such a feel to it you simply can't help but smile<br /><br />They say the moral of this story is that dreams come true. Of course in the real world some are believers others are hoper's. In this film it's even more the magical when her rainbow comes smiling. <br /><br />And of course the rest is...Cinderella
critique1037 'Night Crossing' is about an enormous barrier designed not to keep enemies out but to keep its own people inÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about a very long border fencer equipped with silent alarms and automatic firing systemsÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about the denial of the basic human rights of life liberty and the pursuit of happinessÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about the fear and pain that afflict so many familiesÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about one attempt to risk a crossing through the border zoneÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about a loving father whose only desire is to give his boys what should never have been taken away from themÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about a disturbed mother who wants her babies and her husband aliveÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about a caring husband who wants his family to be together but in a better placeÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about children who want to be free to reach at anytime the skyÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about a hot-air balloon handcrafted and built by two familiesÃ‚Â… <br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about a balloon which could go just high enough to crash or catch fire and explodeÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about two determined men who want their family to climb into a hot air balloon and float away to 'liberty'Ã‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about the fear of getting caught by an evil regimeÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about a sensible man who can't let bad dreams stop himÃ‚Â…<br /><br />'Night Crossing' is about an icy policeman who wants every lookout tower on full alertÃ‚Â…<br /><br />With exquisite music by Jerry Goldsmith Delbert Mann's 'Night Crossing' makes us realize the true value of freedomÃ‚Â…<br /><br />Final thoughts: <br /><br />There are a few moments in everyone's life certainly in public lives that can define a person...<br /><br />For those of us old enough to remember the Reagan presidency seeing the clips again in the wake of his death makes it seem like those events happened just yesterday or last week. The voice the expressions are all so familiar. But for a large percentage of people these events might as well have happened fifty years ago if not more. They are part of the distant past. President Reagan is a name and not much more. President Gorbachev is another name and not much more. So how can we remember these two men who had such a huge impact on their country?<br /><br />Reagan and Gorbachev worked together to tear down the Berlin Wall and to steer their superpower nations away from nuclear confrontationÃ‚Â
critique1038 I caught this one on cable and I was very surprised. Steady direction and some good performances accent a twisty and very engaging story. This one will keep you up all night thinking about what was real and what wasn't. Check out Jason Scott Lee in the Lou Diamond Phillips role!
critique1039 I really enjoyed this both times I watched it. And both times I walked away thinking about it and the "morals of the story" a great deal. I agree with another reviewer in that the movie is not centred around the sci-fi aspects you might expect from an alien-on-Earth movie but rather is about the human condition. The characters in the psych hospital provide a great insight in to that and how they go from hopelessness to hope. This movie has touches of sadness to humour to sympathy to the final "is he or isn't he". That final question was well handled and even though some might argue you don't know what happens in the end and the question goes unanswered I feel it is done in far more detail than something wishywashy like say the movie Ronin (with Robert De Niro) where you never find out what's in the box and feel very frustrated because of it. I highly recommend K-PAX. 8/10
critique1040 This is an absurdist dark comedy from Belgium. Shot perfectly in crisp black and white BenoÃƒÂ®t Poelvoorde (Man Bites Dog) is on fine form as Roger the angry obsessive father of a family in a small sullen Belgian mining town. Roger is a photographer who along with his young daughter Luise visits road accidents to take photos. He is also obsessed with winning a car by entering a competition where the contestant has to break a record - and he decides that his son Michel must attempt to break the record of perpetually walking through a door - he even hires an overweight coach to train him. Michel dresses as Elvis and has a spot on a radio show called 'Cinema Lies' where he describes mistakes in films. Luise is friendly with near neighbour Felix a pigeon fancier. Roger is a callous figure as he pushes Michel right over the limit during the record attempt which almost results in his death. Interspersed throughout the film are Magritte-like surreal images. It's undeniably charming and well worth your time.
critique1041 With looks that could kill and a willingness to display her charms Paget's sensuality leaves no doubt as to where her assets lay... <br /><br />She plays a sultry-innocent 13th-century princess who rouses her people to save Egypt from the ambitions of a powerful Beduin (Michael Rennie) and joins her forces with the son of the Caliph of Baghdad (Jeffrey Hunter) to save her trembling throne... She also finds time to fulfill a great deal of exotic dancing... Her luscious legs make her hard to forget!<br /><br />The emphasis is not on the plot but on the visual pleasure of a great number of beautiful girls in sensual Technicolored costumes...
critique1042 I first saw this movie on television some years ago and frankly loved it. Charles Dance makes one of the most terrifying villains anyone can imagine. His sophistication is such a perfect contrast to the crudely good hero. I have never been much of an Eddie Murphy fan but find his irritating portrayal here a winner: a bit of "Axel Foley Through the Looking Glass". Charlotte Lewis is to utilize a hackneyed phrase but the only one applicable luminously gorgeous. Some scenes are wonderfully created: the dream sequence the bird the silly fight scenes and the climactic confrontation. Through it all Murphy is the modern man suddenly dropped into an oriental myth a stunned and quieter version of Kurt Russell in his oriental fantasy romp. Like that movie we have James Hong the incomparable actor whose scenes however short raise the quality even of Derek. Since 1955 Hong has defined the fine supporting actor the "class act" of his profession. "The Golden Child" is silly; it is not perfect; but it has so many redeeming features that it is an enjoyable and amusing fantasy well worth watching. After four years I have seen "The Golden Child" again; I enjoyed it even more! It truly is great fun.
critique1043 What a good movie! At last a picture revealing a unknown side of rock: illusions of fame. Well-known Rockers are getting old and forgotten not the music. And with a good sense of humour. Have you ever danced on Bill Haley's Rock Around the Clock?<br /><br />Anyway Still Crazy is probably the best movie about rock n'roll I have ever seen. Far much better than Spinal Tap for instance. Why? Because in Still Crazy people are mature. They have a different point of view about rock about love and about life. They want to catch up with their crazy youth they miss so much. Beyond the story itself we see characters with their own personality weaknesses and dreams. Like anyone of us.<br /><br />Spend a good time watching this (listen to the awesome soundtrack! )and finally thinking of your own future.<br /><br />Bye!
critique1044 First off I'd like to make a correction on another review of this film which said that the last musical to win the Best Picture Academy Award was 'Gigi' in 1958. That is misinformation as 'West Side Story' won in 1962 'My Fair Lady' won in 1965 and 'Sound of Music' won the year after that. That said this film is absolutely fantastic! The story from the novel has been somewhat altered but that's more because of the limitations that they had on a stage that they just didn't change back for a filmed version. However I don't mind. In fact I rather think the whole production flows better than the novel does. I like Nancy bringing Oliver to the bridge with her and being killed there instead of later in the apartment. The subtle things in this film are the ones that make me laugh. I love the moment Mr. Bumble and Mrs. Bumble start coming out at the beginning from the governors office. The underscore for that moment is brilliant. My three favorite actors for this film were Jack Wild who plays the best Dodger in any film version of the story Ron Moody a playful and humorous Fagin (this character is worked out much better than he is in the book) and Shani Wallis who is the strongest most distressed version of Nancy. The only reason I'm giving this film a 9 instead of a 10 is because of the two big production numbers which are 'Concider Yourself' and 'Who Will Buy.' I always hate when the choreography in musicals in meant to look like people doing everyday chores and jobs. It looks awful and cheesy especially when they're dancing at the London Meat Co. They should've just done regular choreography for these scenes. However this film is a rare treasure that will stay with us hopefully forever.
critique1045 It's hard to imagine that "The Battle of Elderbush Gulch" directed by the legendary D.W. Griffith was made a way back in 1914. It is a showcase for Griffith's emerging style.<br /><br /> The story centers around a group of settlers called the Cameron Brothers and their families which include a young waif (Mae Marsh) sent out from the east to live with her uncles and a young wife (Lillian Gish) who has just given birth. A group of Indians tries to capture the waif's pet dogs and are driven off by the men folk. During the confrontation the Indian Chief's son (Henry B. Wathall) is killed. The Indian chief plots his revenge and launches an attack on the small community of Elderbush Gulch.<br /><br /> It is this attack which is quite brutal and graphic for this or any other time that forms the core of the picture. The Indians slaughter the towns folk women and children alike and drive them out of town towards the Cameron's homestead. The newborn baby becomes separated from its mother and all hell breaks loose. Someone goes for help and returns in the nick of time with the calvary.<br /><br /> The battle scenes contain some graphic violence. For example we see a woman being scalped alive and there is also a sequence where we see a horse being shot down. I have never seen an animal being slain so convincingly on screen. Mr.Griffith was becoming a master of staging large scale battle scenes a talent that he would use extensively in his epic Civil War drama "The Birth of a Nation" released the following year.<br /><br /> Even though it runs a scant 29 minutes "The Battle of Elderbush Gulch" is nonetheless an exciting and historic bit of film making. See if you can spot Lionel Barrymore and Harry Carey in bit parts.
critique1046 Some comments here on IMDb have likened Dog Bite Dog to the classic Cat III films of the 90s but although it is undoubtedly brutal violent and very downbeat this film from Pou-Soi Cheang isn't really sleazy lurid or sensationalist enough to earn that comparison. However it still packs a punch that makes it worth a watch particularly if gritty hard-edged action is your thing.<br /><br />Edison Chen plays Pang a Cambodian hit-man who travels to Hong Kong to assassinate the wife of a judge; Sam Lee is Wai the ruthless cop who is determined to track him down whatever the cost. With Wai closing in on his target Pang will stop at nothing to ensure his escapeÃ‚Â—until he meets Yue a pretty illegal immigrant who needs his help to escape her life of abuse.<br /><br />A relentlessly harsh drama with great cinematography amazing sound design a haunting score and solid performances from Chen and Lee (as well as newcomer Pei Pei as Pang's love interest) Dog Bite Dog is one for fans of hard-hitting Asian hyper-violence (think along the lines of Chan-wook Park's Vengeance trilogy). Stabbings shootings merciless beatings: all happen regularly in this film and are caught unflinchingly by director Cheang.<br /><br />Of course this is the kind of tale that is destined to have an unhappy ending for all involved and sure enough pretty much everyone in this film dies (rather nasty deaths). Unfortunately there is a fine line between tragedy and (unintentional) comedy and in its final moments Dog Bite Dog crosses it: in a laughably over-dramatic final scene Pang and Wai are locked in battle as a pregnant Yue looks on. Eventually after all three have suffered severe stab wounds during the fracas a wounded Pang performs a DIY Ceasarean on (a now dead) Yue delivering their baby moments before he himself dies.<br /><br />Whilst this film might not be a 'classic' slice of Hong Kong excess with its deliriously OTT action and stylish visuals it's still worth seeking out.
critique1047 a compact crime drama with a good amount of action. The unique NYC location shots adds to this tough little film.Technically well done with good direction and acting. Needless to saythe wild car chase that seems to begin in downtown extends through the upper west side Washington Heights across the George Washington Bridge and into NJ has to be one of the best ever on film.All around a fine flick that for me gets better with time.8 out of 10...easy
critique1048 Updated version of a story that had been turned into the film in 1938 England(Return of the Frog) concerning the pursuit by the police of a master criminal known as the Frog because of the frog like get up (bulging eyes etc) he wears.<br /><br />One of the good Wallace films from the 1960's it's a solid little entertainment. Clearly influenced by ( or did this influence) the restart of the Dr Mabuse films the Frog seems to be more a super villain than a master thief. While not the best of the Wallace films it is worth a look. It would make an interesting double feature with the excellent earlier film.<br /><br />Between 6 and 7 out of 10.
critique1049 I can honestly tell you that this movie is the most awesome movie ever!!! If you are in the mood for a comedy I totally recommend this movie! So here's the summary. There is this girl(Nikki) who is fourteen and a half and she goes on a vacation with her father(Andre) whom she hasn't seen for about two years. She expects the vacation to be totally boring until she meets this boy(Ben) who is much older than she is. So to try to impress him she says that she isn't on vacation with her father but her lover. This is a hysterical movie from beginning to end and I highly suggest it. So rent it and enjoy!!!
critique1050 The real story (took place in Kansas in 1959) of a murder (Perry and Dick two ex-convicts who broke into a remote house on a rainy night to steal and kill everyone they met). Richard Brooks directed the chilling and disturbing Capote's book about the reasons that drove these kids to the crime (Are they Natural Born Killers ?). The crime scenes are very brutal and haunting because of the lack of senses and reasons for what we witnessed. Stunning black & white cinematography from Conrand Hall excellent country - road music score from Quincy Jones amazing performances in two principal roles from Robert Blake and Scott Wilson and first time in a movie a sad comment about capital punishment at the last moments before their deaths. Jones Hall and Brooks (as director and as writer for adapted screenplay) are Academy Award nominees. Gripping superbly directed and frightening one of the best films of this decade
critique1051 Jewel Thief is one of those suspense thrillers in which the viewers are left guessing till the end who the villain is. Suspense builds from the very first scene when the jewel thief becomes a national problem and there are cleverly concealed clues in the film so that you can guess who is the jewel thief. The story portrays that Dev Anand (Vinay in the film) and the jewel thief have identical faces. But you get a 1000 watt shock when you finally come to know the villain. There are many surprises and a lot of fishy stuff going on but there is time for romance and six melodious ever lasting songs sung by Lata Mangeshkar Asha Bhosle Kishore Kumar and Mohmmad Rafi.<br /><br />This film was also talked about for its song's videos. Consider the teasing and counter teasing in Asman Ke Neeche. Or the blocking of road by Dev Anand when Tanuja was going out with her friends in Yeh Dil Na Hota Bechara. Or the romantic Dil Pukare Are Are in the beautiful Sikkim. Or the wonderful dance by Vyjantimala in Hotho Pe Aisi Baat. Add to it Rulake Gaya Sapna Mera and Raat Akeli Hain and you will never forget this film for any reason.<br /><br />Able acting by Dev Anand Ashok Kumar Tanuja and Vyjantimala and direction by Vijay Anand (Dev Anand's younger brother) makes this one of the best loved Hindi films of all times even today.
critique1052 This is actually the first movie I ever saw in a theatre  where the people didn't leave immediately when the end credits started. In stead they remained seated for a few minutes  gaping with their mouths open staring in the infinite  trying to understand what they 've just seen.<br /><br />The only thing I can say: Try to go watch this movie with as little knowledge about it as possible (so did I)!. I gave it a 10
critique1053 This movie is great the music "with the exception of the very first song in the movie" was awesome. The story line is awesome too it's just basically a wonderfull movie for ALL ages. I found the last battle scene awesome! Basically this was a great flick!
critique1054 this is what i call a great movie. it lives trough the fantastic actor skills and a simple but human story. there are real characters which can be funny and dramatic. but the main theme is very cruel like live is.the bus driver and his son are collecting people trough the country (jugoslavia) on their way to the capital Belgrad. the funny and cruel situations that happens on the way connect the people and the pigs that travel together. <br /><br />watch it and you gonna remember it for life... its filled with Slavic humor and lifestyle.<br /><br />and another reason for its magic : it is hard to get!!
critique1055 Toy Soldiers is an okay action movie but what really stands out is the amount of effort that the scriptwriters and director put into portraying American counter-terrorist forces accurately. Just check out the end credits--there are more than a dozen US military officers and officials listed. The movie accurately portrays the FBI as having control of the hostage situation but turning it over the US Army's Delta Force (who are unnamed in the movie as the Pentagon was still denying their existence at this time) once the President waived the Posse Commitatus Act of US Code. The US Army forces at the end are accurately dressed and armed for the time. And even the use of an AH-64 Apache for air support--which might seem a bit over the top is not terribly unrealistic. Far more expensive and frankly better movies have portrayed American counter-terrorist forces with far less accuracy.
critique1056 I've never read a good review for "Vanity Fair" and I can't understand why. For something that was "rushed through in ten days" it all comes off surprisingly well. Though admittedly "Becky Sharp" is a better movie and Miriam Hopkins a better Becky there's nothing to stop this one from getting a solid 9/10. At times Myrna Loy might seem just too cute and nice to be playing an utter bitch but at other times she just has to squint her eyes and the air temperature drops a dozen degrees. Meow! The move to a more modern setting did not work against "Vanity Fair" and the only thing that really causes some conflict is the casting. Barbara Kent (Amelia) was under 5 feet in height and few of the leading men were very tall either - this all coming together to make Loy look like an absolute Amazon woman!<br /><br />"Vanity Fair" is similar to "Craig's Wife" in that no matter how bad the main character is you have to love her. And you know she deserves her comeuppance and then some but you still feel sorry for her when she gets it. Though based on the same story as "Becky Sharp" this version had a different ending which is interesting to see because most of the rest of the films were almost identical. For pleasure value the ending of "Becky Sharp" is ultimately more enjoyable although aesthetically and from the flow of the story there is no doubt that the ending of "Vanity Fair" is the better one whether or not you actually like it.
critique1057 You would really need to remember the Monkees and have a clear understanding as to where and how they fitted into the second half of the 1960s in order to fully appreciate this movie.<br /><br />There is no plot as such. Basically it's a crazy mixed up pastiche of various unrelated sequences. But it IS interesting AND entertaining in its own peculiar way once you get onto its wavelength. In short it was a classic cleverly conceived and well crafted example of late '60s experimental cinema. It contains some good songs some ultra-groovy cinematography and plenty of other worthwhile ideas in terms of film technique.<br /><br />I give it 7 out of 10 for several reasons. First it took a lot of courage to make such an unorthodox movie in the commercial mainstream where both its stars and its producers were firmly ensconced at the time. If a feature movie flops at the box office the consequences can be dire for all concerned. Secondly it was for the most part a creative success. And finally as already mentioned it is unquestionably a classic of the genre and as such it is now historically important.<br /><br />Unfortunately "Head" came too late in the Monkees career. But there again they would not have been allowed to make it earlier on because it was essentially a very pointed and cynical satire of their own image. <br /><br />Clearly the members of the group knew only too well that the whole Monkees juggernaut had just about run its race when they started work on this project. In a way it was to be their swan song and they were determined to let it all hang out. They were tired of being treated like mere pawns in the high powered corporate game in which they had been manipulated and exploited over the preceding few years. In short they "wanted out" and they were going to say a few things before they left.<br /><br />History however has vindicated the band. Let the critics be damned. The Monkees left behind some of the best most polished and successful pop records of the decade. Yes they had plenty of help. But at the end of the day THEY stood in front of the studio mikes THEY fronted the movie and TV cameras and THEY did the concerts. They were fun and just a little bit crazy. But unlike some of their contemporaries they were never threatening. You could safely introduce a Monkey to your elderly aunt.<br /><br />"Head" probably borrows a bit too heavily from the Beatles "Hard Day's Night" but it's still worth another look for those who were around at the time or for younger retrophiles who have the ability to appreciate its significance.<br /><br />Enjoy!
critique1058 What a great movie this was. Is it heaven? hell? or something in between? I disagree with many reviews of this movie saying that this is a depiction of hell. It is not even clear if the opening scene starts the movie or is a flashback from the end. Further it is not clear that the main character goes to hell but perhaps someplace in between. The review I read on IMDb says this is hell but I disagree whole-heartedly. Take into consideration that perhaps good people who commit suicide may not be condemned to hell...this only one religious belief. This is indeed a thinker and I have/would recommend it to anyone who likes that type of movie. Definitely worth it!
critique1059 I've seen tons of science fiction from the 70s; some horrendously bad and others thought provoking and truly frightening. Soylent Green fits into the latter category. Yes at times it's a little campy and yes the furniture is good for a giggle or two but some of the film seems awfully prescient. Here we have a film 9 years before Blade Runner that dares to imagine the future as somthing dark scary and nihilistic. Both Charlton Heston and Edward G. Robinson fare far better in this than The Ten Commandments and Robinson's assisted-suicide scene is creepily prescient of Kevorkian and his ilk. Some of the attitudes are dated (can you imagine a filmmaker getting away with the "women as furniture" concept in our oh-so-politically-correct-90s?) but it's rare to find a film from the Me Decade that actually can make you think. This is one I'd love to see on the big screen because even in a widescreen presentation I don't think the overall scope of this film would receive its due. Check it out.
critique1060 Mas Oyama was the most successful karate master of the late 20th century. He rejected the "training" of the karate clubs of the time focusing on an intense no holds form of training. He eventually built his system into a huge business empire with hundreds of schools across the world without compromising his teachings. The testing in the Kyokushin schools are still some of the most physically challenging tests any martial art school requires. One non- physical hardship Oyama faced was prejudice due to his Korean ancestry and he spent time proving that loyalties were to Japan and Japanese Karate. This movie series was part of that effort although anyone who had the chance to meet Oyama (I did) would never question his allegiance to Japan. In this series Oyama's most famous student Sonny Chiba is called upon to portray his master.<br /><br />Oyama arrives from the countryside where he has been training alone. He challenges and makes short work of the established Karate schools he encounters. Disgusted by the state of karate Oyama returns to his lone training. He eventually picks up a student falls in love and gets in the way of gangsters who are allied with the established karate schools. In the middle of this is the legendary bullfight with a mad bull. How much of the film is true is questionable.<br /><br />That Oyama could kill a bull with his bare hands is true. He was called on to repeat this feat numerous times. There are filmed instances of Oyama actually doing this although sometimes the bulls seemed to be tethered as Oyama was getting on in years. Sonny Chiba portrays his master with conviction and the karate is quite good. Chiba may not have been the best karate practitioner but at this point in time he was certainly above average. <br /><br />As a whole the movie is good much better then most martial art films in the drama department. I always wondered why it's not more well known. Possibly it the very realistic depictions of martial arts. People are shown getting tired and hurt unlike 99% of action film where the hero is a limitless fountain of energy and each blow instantly dispatches an opponent to death. Chiba seems so exhausted at one point that it hurts to watch. Perhaps viewers rather not have their entertainment reflect reality so closely.<br /><br />Recommended especially for martial artists.
critique1061 I SELL THE DEAD (2009) **1/2 Dominic Monaghan Larry Fessenden Ron Perlman Angus Scrimm John Speredakos Eileen Colgan Brenda Cooney. Uneven blend of horror and comedy that poses as a valentine to the '60s horror films by Roger Corman and Hammer Studios with two cretinous grave robbers (Monaghan and Fessenden) facing final punishments for the crimes via the guillotine but not before their tales of the occult can be recalled in flashbacks. Amusing and a few well sprinkled jolts but really a mess of a B-movie trying in vein to be a cult classic largely thanks to the casting of genre vets Perlman and Scrimm to no avail; a good rental for Halloween. (Dir: Glenn McQuaid)
critique1062 I must say THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN. i know that on this website it's received only negative reviews but for once I'd like to be the good person who gives the worlds best movie a good review. i find the movie to be extremely funny and it has the perfect mix of everything. it makes me feel all sorts of emotions when i watch it and I can't get enough of it. the soundtracks brilliant. I LOVE IT i understand why people may not love it as much as I do but I don't understand how people could hate it. The movie is 100% brilliance. Blurred is amazing. i never realised that Aussie movies could be so good and i also never realised I could watch one movie so many times in a single day without getting sick of it. i think that everybody should watch it whether its to get a feel of what life was like in the younger days or if its to see what your in for when you reach the end of year 12.
critique1063 I'll admit that I've never seen "Waiting for Guffman" 1997's critically acclaimed comedy mockumentary about a small town thats that stages a pageant. When the advertising for Best in Show had the tagline "From the Team That Brought You Waiting for Guffman" a fair number of critics out there implied in their reviews that only people that are familiar with the film or its filmmakers and cast would have a good time seeing this film. For shame critics for shame times two! Any critic that implies something like that with any film probably doesn't want to share the film's wealth with the rest of the world but this is one film that I hope people will experience now that its video/dvd. "Best in Show" is without a doubt the best comedy of 2000.<br /><br />The film begins with a mockumentary style introducing the main competitors (not to mention screwballs) of the annual Mayflower "Best In Show" competition where dogs of all breeds come to compete to see who is the top dog. We have the loveable and gullable Harry Pepper (Guest) with his bloodhound the simple Gerry & Cookie Fleck (Levy & O'Hara) with their terriors nut-case yuppies Hamilton & Meg Swan (Hitchcock & Posey) the gay dog groomers Scott Dolan & Stefan Vanderhoof (Higgins & McKean) and the airheaded millionare Sheri Ann Ward Cabot (Coolidge) along with her trainer Christy Cummings (Lynch). They all have their minds on one simple object: The Blue Ribbon which will be awarded to the best dog. And...do I have to tell you the rest?<br /><br />Director/writer/star Guest's idea of humor is one that assures me that there are comedies out there that are worth laughing at and that the idiocy of films like "American Pie" or other pointless "teenage" flicks won't take over the world after all. His idea is simple: make your comedy not just funny but SMART funny. But instead of following in the brilliant footsteps of films like "Zero Effect" and "High Fidelity" he used a rather unusual approach (and as I understand he also used this approach for "Guffman"). Whether you notice or not a very large part of the film is improvisation. In other words what the actors say and do were probably not written in the script maybe even not even dreamed of by Guest and co-writer/star Levy. But with a gentle hand from Guest he and the actors pulled off a hilarious theatrical feat that probably would have flopped if handled by other less adept actors. Now that's smart!<br /><br />The cast is of course what makes improv work the most. All of them are a (comedic) marvel to behold especially Guest as Pepper. But the real standout has to be Fred Williard as Buck Laughlin the clueless announcer at the competition who can spin out the most outrageously funny stories and comments that no announcer would even dream of...that is if the announcer was trying to be funny. Williard can go from talking about the dog to suddenly going on and on about how much he can bench press. There's even a part were he gives out an idea for a new marketing strategy: have sexy women pose in tight shirts and shorts with the dogs and imply something like "have a doggie-style of a time". Its priceless as is his performance.<br /><br />I hope that people engage in this 90-minute "dogumentary". The film deserves so much recognition. It did get nominated for Best Picture-Comedy at the Golden Globes but didn't win. I can't see why. I mean in the comedy department it is best in show.<br /><br />GRADE: A
critique1064 Stairway to Heaven is a outstanding invention of movie making probably never duplicated. I rank it with "The Wizard of Oz" and "African Queen" although it is a totally different type of movie than "African Queen." "Stairway to Heaven" is a psycho-drama that uses performance concepts and technical effects that to my knowledge are totally unique. <br /><br />For example there is the combination of B&W and color footage - as in "Oz" but the significance of the contrast goes way beyond the simple - but beautiful - effect achieved in "Oz." In "Stairway" the purpose and effect of the contrast can only be described as powerful.<br /><br />Another brilliant aspect of "Stairway" is the concept of "time" and how it is used here. How could anybody have conceived of a better way to make time stand still Ã‚Â– literally? And then there is the Stairway itself!<br /><br />If you have any imagination at all you will agree with me. "Stairway to Heaven" is a true gem.
critique1065 My sister dad and I are really into D&D and one night we were browsing Netflix looking for a movie to watch when this one came up. We thought we would try it out and I ended up almost dying from laughter. The writing and acting in this movie is so amazing! Witty characters great interaction and hilarious moments kept us in stitches the entire time. I love this movie! It might not make that much sense for those who don't know about Dungeons & Dragons but nevertheless it is a good movie. This only goes to show that movies don't need an astronomical budget and big name actors/actresses to be a success. Check it out if you want a good clean comedy.
critique1066 Anything Park Chan-wook creates is guaranteed to be unique brilliant and very twisted at a minimum. Well anything that isn't I'm a Cyborg at least. Park's newest film titled Thirst is a vampire romance-erotic-thriller-dark comedy-drama Ã‚Â– yes that is a lot of adjectives Ã‚Â— inspired by the 19th century French novel by Emile Zola titled Therese Raquin. Park creates a uniquely Korean and uniquely Park vision of the vampire mythos and asks the audience to explore the dilemma of a Catholic priest discovering himself having a thirst for blood and the moral and spiritual crisis that would develop. Park delivers on the elements you would hope but definitely falls short of masterpiece quality like Oldboy or even that of Lady Vengeance. Heavily bloated with a narrative that often loses itself much less the audience Thirst desperately needed another trip through the cutting room. It crawls when it should be running but luckily brings it back home before losing the audience completely. As negative as it may sound the positives definitely outweigh the negatives and another volume has without a doubt been added to the dark and twisted Zeitgeist of Park Chan-wook film.<br /><br />Check out the rest of our review at www.thefilmstage.com
critique1067 I absolutely love this show!!!!!!! Its basically fox's improved version of the simpsons (cau'se lets face it the simpsons are very dry if you're above the age of 9. It's political irrational and irresistible. Anyone who says they don't like it is lying There is a character for every one. Peter Stewie & Quagmire are my favorites. Peter because he is rude obnoxious and just doesn't give a crap. Stewie because of his amazing intelligence and how he hits you with something an adult would say when you least expect it. And quagmire because one of guilty pleasures is dirty jokes. Also there is an episode for everybody too. If you're the political type there is Mr. Griffin goes to Washington (VOL.2 SEASON 3). If you like more of the sexual and bodily humor there is emission impossible (VOL.2 SEASON 3.). Or if you like any other kind of humor there is dammit Janet (VOL.1 SEASON2).Basicly what i'm saying is that when you watch this show there is side splitting humor for everyone. GIGGITY GIGGITY GOOOOO!
critique1068 Hell To Pay bills itself as the rebirth of the Classic Western... it succeeds as a Western genre movie that the entire family could see and not unlike the films baby-boomers experienced decades ago. The good guys are good and the bad guys are really bad! . Bo Svenson Stella Stevens Lee Majors Andrew Prine (excellent in this film) Tim Thomerson and James Drury are all great and it's fun to see them again. James Drury really shines in this one maybe even better than his days as "The Virginian." In a way "Hell To Pay" reminds me of those movies in the 60's where actors you know from so many shows make an appearance. If you're of a certain age Buck Taylor Peter Brown and Denny Miller and William Smith provide a "wow" factor because we seldom get to see these icons these days. "Hell To Pay" features screen legends along with newer names in Hollywood. Most notable in the cast of "newbies" is Rachel Kimsey (Rebekah) who I've seen lately on "The Young and The Restless" and Kevin Kazakoff who plays the angst-ridden Kirby a war-weary man who's torn between wanting to live and let live or stepping in to "do the right thing." William Gregory Lee is excellent as Chance Kirby's mischievous and womanizing brother. Katie Keane plays Rachel Rebekah's sister a woman who did what was necessary to stay alive but giving up her pride in the process. In a small but memorable role Jeff Davis plays Mean Joe a former Confederate with a rather nasty mean streak. I think we'll be seeing more of these fine actors in the future. "Hell To Pay" is a fun movie with a great story to tellÃ‚Â… grab the popcorn we're headin' West!.
critique1069 I for one was very anxious to watch this movie.<br /><br />Though I knew it was going to be another type of movie in the style of Revenge of the Nerds I was still impressed.<br /><br />There is plenty of truth to the fact of this type of learning and believe very strongly that it should be allowed in a "new style of schooling".<br /><br />Conventional teaching methods do not always teach students what they need to know or should know or want to know.<br /><br />This approach to teaching should be further sought out in true academic courses.<br /><br />While there still was too much of the partying scenes it obviously had to be thrown in there - for Hollywood's sake of making a comedy about college...even though we all know that life isn't really like that by any means.<br /><br />A touch unbelievable still funny and with a killer ending.<br /><br />Awesome ending. Crucial to the entire story and very surprising.<br /><br />Without the final scene the movie would have been half as good.<br /><br />I liked this movie and it didn't have to have overly amounts of swearing or nudity or gross out jokes for it to be good.<br /><br />Great crew and cast story and even the generic typecasting of the obligatory "Hampton frat members" was well done.<br /><br />American Pie 1 2 3 and American Wedding or whatever clones it makes doers not measure up to this by 1/3.<br /><br />Far better than most comedies about first year College with no demeaning stupid jokes to make somebody throw up with.<br /><br />I liked it even though it was simple...it was interesting and even had heart...my only regret for watching this movie is that it wasn't longer.
critique1070 ...and my reasons for which are simple- there are so many great films presented and discussed here (most of them by their own directors and stars) so many clips of infamous moments in 70's movie history and in fact a number of films I have yet to see that it wouldn't be fair to grade this work. By this logic I shouldn't have given grades to other movie documentaries like Martin Scorsese's Personal Journey through American Movies and My Voyage to Italy. But while those films were on the basis of one man's view of cinema narrating through most of the way Richard LaGravanese and (the late) Ted Demmes' A Decade Under the Influence lets the films and the creators speak entirely for themselves. <br /><br />What makes 'Decade' worth at least one watch for film buffs or just anyone who likes the films of the late 60's-70's in America are the levels that it goes to that in the uncut version (three hours not the theatrical version which I have no comment on) plenty of ground is covered. Interviews include the likes of Scorsese Robert Altman Sidney Lumet Julie Christie Jon Voight Francis Ford Coppola Paul Schrader Pam Grier Bruce Dern Peter Bogdanovich Roger Corman Dennis Hopper Robert Towne etc and there's a constant flow of insight from start to finish. The way the clips and directors/actors pop up edited together in a flashy and quick style is also fascinating. <br /><br />The one down comment I have on the documentary is that most of the information presented has been reported on in various books like Easy Riders Raging Bulls and though I haven't seen the movie version of that book yet I'm sure it would have covered many of the films and directors and incidents as here (in fact the book of that is one of the best I've ever read. HOWEVER this documentary serves as something special for film buffs and occasional movie goers of the future- they can look at this and learn not only about such well known pictures as Easy Rider The Last Picture Show Annie Hall Coming Home and lessor knowns like Scarecrow Panic in Needle Park The Landlord Joe They Shoot Horses Don't They. They can also learn about who influenced them (new waves of Europe and Asia) who they served as influences for and how the subject matter that created controversy after controversy still serves as intriguing and chancy material for the contemporary crowd. Seek this out!
critique1071 This final Voyager episode begins 23 years in the future. Voyager has made it back home. In the many years it took to return tho the Vulcan Tuvoks' mind has been destroyed. He carried a disease they were too late getting home to cure.<br /><br />Captain Janeway comes across aliens who have time travel technology. She realizes there's a Warp Conduit in the Delta Quadrant that could bring Voyager home immediately - if she could go back in time and notify Voyager. There's one problem. The Conduit is deep inside Borg Space.<br /><br />Janeway visits Tuvok. He's like a child. He scribbles tho obsessed working on math problems or movie reviews or something he's convinced are important somehow. In the institution Tuvok cries asking for 'Janeway' to please please come back to him.<br /><br />Janeway decides to commandeer a federation shuttle and equip it with weapons technology 20 years ahead of the Borg in the hopes of going back in time and using this new technology to guide Voyager to the Warp Conduit.<br /><br />When she goes back in time and links up with Voyager Janeway meets her younger self. The two captains disagree arguing about the plan. The real-captain visits Tuvok asking him if it's true he has a brain disorder. Tuvok admits it's true but it can't be cured by the facilities on the ship so he's kept it to himself.<br /><br />The young Captain agrees to the older Captains' plan. To increase their chances of success the older Janeway plans to distract the Borg with her shuttle craft. The Borg actually capture Janeway and her shuttle. The Borg Queen personally assimilates Captain Janeway. But Janeway's expected this! the Borg Queen has assimilated a virus into herself that kills her. With the Borg Queen dead Voyager makes it thru the Warp Conduit back to federation space.
critique1072 If you ever have the chance to see Sandra Bernhard live in person you better move on it sweetie. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of her Everything Bad and Beautiful tour and i still can't believe that i was in the first row and lucky enough to experience such a phenomenal show. She is now in New York with the show and it coincides with the release of her groundbreaking stunner "Without You I'm Nothing". We have lost Richard Pryor Lenny Bruce Nina Simone but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is missing in action but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to peep her head out once in awhile but Sandra more than makes up for where Babs leaves off. Okay i want it known Ms. Bernhard is a little of these influential entertainers and more. I really wanted to push this film because of its truth honesty humor eclectic songs (ranging from Laura Nyro Sylvester Nina Simone Prince) and a script that defines the decadence joy sadness ups and downs of the 70's and 80's. It is my opinion that many (and i mean MANY) comics have lifted okay outright stolen so much from this show if not from Sandra herself. I won't name names but come on people you and i know who they are. See the thing is Bernhard plays by her own rules. This movie shows as does her live performances that she is a performer who has stayed true to the old school of show business as well as pushing forward. Her performances are reminiscent of smoky jazz clubs (during the time of Miles DavisColtraneMonk) 70's TV shows intimate cabaret acts and concerts that are reminiscent of everyone from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians couldn't even touch where Sandra is coming from or going to. So here i was a year ago watching Sandra at the Silent Movie Theater in total awe and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show give her something that meant something to me that hopefully would mean something to her. But i listen to my copy of Giving Til it Hurts and just thank her in a prayer of sorts for making me laugh making me think making me FEEL. You can't deny this lady's presence and you certainly cannot deny the talent that just rushes from the stage. She's still here damn it even after the release of Without You I'm Nothing some 15 years ago. And she looks great by the way. I know this firsthand walking from the theater one audience member said to another "She is SO FUNNY..and she still looks incredible!!! If you can't experience her live yet please see this movie. As for me I do hope that Sandra will see this. You've meant a heck of a lot to me gotten me through some tough crazy times. If you can send me an email please do. If not knowing that you are still kicking it out and will continue to do so is enough for me. Come on people give it up for the Lady!!!!
critique1073 This is a movie that deserves another look--if you haven't seen it for a while or a first look--if you were too young when it came out (1983). Based on a play by the same name it is the story of an older actor who heads a touring Shakespearean repertory company in England during World War II. It deals with his stress of trying to perform a Shakespeare each night while facing problems such as bombed theaters and a company made up of older or physically handicapped actors--the young able bodied ones being taken for military service. It also deals with his relationship with various members of his company especially with his dresser. So far it all sounds rather dull but nothing could be further from the truth. While tragic overall the story is told with a lot of humor and emotions run high throughout. The two male leads both received Oscar nominations for best actor and deservedly so. I strongly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys human drama theater--especially Shakespeare or who has ever worked backstage in any capacity. The backstage goings-on make up another facet of the movie that will be fascinating to most viewers.
critique1074 The first time I saw Brotherhood of Satan I was 12 yrs old I saw it in a little town in central Washington state it played before Tales from the crypt which we left early because my sisters were already scared from the Brotherhood of Satan. All in all I thought it was a pretty good movie. The beginning was good we had just sat down and that tank did a number on that station wagon.<br /><br />What struck me about the movie was the scenery around the town in which it was filmed it looked almost like the area around Chelan WA where I saw the movie especially when they were driving towards the town of Hillsboro which is the location of the movie a small town in SW New Mexico. I have always liked LQ Jones and Strother Martin and also Charles Bateman who was on Get Smart another show I like. I gave the movie a 7 and later on when I did get to see Tales from the crypt I thought Brotherhood of Satan was better.
critique1075 Is torture ever right? No The answer is simple and absolute with no qualifications possible. The reason as this film showed is the effect torture has on a society. The values that have been hard fought for in Western society through centuries of revolution and struggle are for ALL men and women to be allowed to live in a free and open society. One where individuals are treated equally and with respect to their essential rights as humans. To protect this society institutions have been developed to deal with wrongdoing openly fairly and honestly. These institutions have been adapted and honed through generations of hard work. One could argue that these are the true bedrock of democracy as they belong to us all allow us all to be heard. If we allow undemocratic inhumane acts to be committed in our name if we split our society into those who have rights and those who don't then we undo the work of our ancestors. Moreover we are all complicit and all guilty and tainted. Whether those that we accuse are guilty or not is of no importance. We are defined by our attitudes and our responses.
critique1076 One of the best if not the best rock'n'roll movies ever. And it's not just mindless fun. There really were a lot of clever jokes in it. Of course I love the Ramones. But with all the "anarchy" and the "I hate high school" themes the film doesn't at all take itself too seriouslywhich is what's great about it.<br /><br />I first saw the movie in the Spring of 1980 and I saw it again recently. Since I went to high school in the late 1970's it made me kind of nostalgic. <br /><br />Like I said this film doesn't take itself that seriously and isn't pretentious like so much other teen fare of the seventies eighties and nineties. And to speak of it's not really dirty or disgusting either. Only PG rated. That's rare for a movie in this category. A great cult classic and a truly incredible time capsule.
critique1077 It was on at 7:30am too close to school to see very often. The animation & computer graphics were spectacular for the time. The idea of cowboys & ordinary people casually throwing around space vehicles & robots was amazing. Maybe it inspired Treasure Planet.<br /><br />Unfortunately it's really boring in the DVD format. The shows are all basically identical. When viewing non-sequential episodes on a DVD you're stoned by disk #3. By today's standards the animation is spotty. We don't notice the computer graphics anymore and focus on how corny the characters are instead.<br /><br />The bright spots are the heroine characters. They were a lot more believable took themselves more seriously than modern heroines and weren't corny. They actually saved men.
critique1078 Sadly not available on DVD as yet but worth pursuing on TCM or VHS. A secretary believes her boss is wrongly accused of murder and courageously takes on many dangerous characters in an effort to establish the truth. A movie with many twists and dark alleyways none of which I will mention! The jazz band sequence where our heroine seeks the information about the killer is one of the most erotic scenes in Hollywood history despite being at very low budget and made during WWII in black and white. Despite the low budget - Long Island looks somewhat mountainous - this is a movie of original style and outstanding vision. Ella Raines was a great actress discovered by Howard Hawks who knew much about these matters casting the feistiest women - Joanne Dru Hepburn Angie Dickinson Lauren Bacall Ann Sheridan - of their era. Robert Siodmak was of one of several German Hungarian & Czech film-makers - Sirk Wilder Zinnemann Lubitsch CurtizLang etc - who ÃƒÂ©migrÃƒÂ©s relocated to Hollywood and brought a highly original fresh vision with them. Sadly Ella Raines was never given such a great part again and eventually ended up in poorly produced westerns.
critique1079 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1080 WTF!! Do any of his books/movies end in a happy ending?? The Notebook was good...but sheesh enough with the depressing endings already. I'm told that he writes about realistic situations that people deal with in real life. Understandable...but sometimes it's nice to see people who have sacrificed their whole lives to only get to a mediocre unhappy time in their lives - to finally find the true meaning of happiness and are able to live it out for the rest of their days. Don't we already know what really happens in real life? Can't we - for one moment (an hour and a half) live vicariously through a movie that ends on a happy note - that gives us hope for our own futures??? <br /><br />Yeah - wah. I know. But for real I think we need to preface movies that end like this one with a warning. "Beware: No happy ending."
critique1081 Night of the Living Homeless was a fairly strong finish to the first half of Season 11. Obviously a parody of various zombie movies most notably Dawn of the Dead this episode parallels the homeless with the living dead as creatures who feed and thrive off of spare change rather than brains.<br /><br />Kyle is blamed for the sudden mass outbreak of homeless people when he out of the goodness of his heart gives a $20 to a homeless man in front of his house. More homeless people begin to infiltrate South Park until the town is completely overrun with them. This is a very strong Randy Marsh episode as he assumes the role of the shotgun-wielding leader of the adults who take refuge on the roof of the Park County Community Center. But before Randy makes it to the community center he is accosted by hundreds of homeless people while hilariously screaming "I don't have any change!!" Unfortunately the refugees end up losing Gerald Broflofski to the homeless when he tries to escape by catching a bus out of town and unwittingly tosses away all his change for the bus to distract the homeless people. Then he becomes one of them asking everyone for change.<br /><br />The boys attempt to find out why there are so many homeless people in South Park and find a man who is a director of homeless studies. They find out that the nearby city of Evergreen used to have a similar problem with the homeless so they escape to Evergreen to find out what they did to solve the problem. Unfortunately homeless people break into the man's house and he attempts to take the easy way out by shooting himself. However he fails several times as he shoots himself in the jaw in the eye in the chest in the neck in the shoulder screaming horribly until he finally dies. This scene may have been funnier had a similar scene not happened in "Fantastic Easter Special" two weeks ago.<br /><br />Meanwhile a member of the refugees discovers that due to the homeless problem the property values have nosedived thus the bank has foreclosed on his house making him homeless. Randy immediately turns on him holding the gun to the man's head. When the man finally begs the others for a few bucks to help him out Randy pulls the trigger.<br /><br />In Evergreen the boys find out that the citizens of the town sent the homeless to South Park and that the passing of homeless from town to town happens all over the country. The boys modify a bus that leads the homeless out of South Park and takes them all the way to Santa Monica California.<br /><br />The zombie movie parallels and the great Randy Marsh lines make this one definitely re-watchable. 8/10
critique1082 When you think of golf movies you think of Caddyshack but what if there are kids around? Go right to this movie! Disney uses is proved formula to make a movie that the adults and the kids will enjoy. The acting in this movie in my opinion is quite good and the leading cast for the most part is very young! This movie is also suprsingly filmed very well and unique seeing all the angles of the golf game. I think this movie should be up for some academy awards for film editing or something like that because the entire flow of the film is top notch. Though the ending might be a little predictable the movie does well on its own! It also shows that you do not need swearing nudity or violence to make a great golf movie!
critique1083 Being a self confessed slasher addict means that it's very rare that I get the chance to review many bigger budgeted movies with creditable casts. Aside from James Mangold's successful box office draw Identity; there have not been any big name entries since the Scream trilogy once again put Wes Craven's name back on the Hollywood map. That's why Mark Malone's The Last Stop Ã‚Â– a mystery thriller with blatant slasher overtones instantly intrigued me. With a decent line-up including Adam Beach and Jurgen Prochnow and an intriguing soundtrack that even finds space for Lynn Anderson's Rose Garden I must admit that the initial signs were very positive for this claustrophobic feature. To the best of my knowledge there have only ever been three other snow-bound slashers unless of course you consider Demon Possessed to fit in the category. The first slice and dice on the ice was the bone-dry Satan's Blade then came the Lisa Loring cheese-feast that was Blizzard of Blood and the enjoyable Shredder followed some fourteen years later.<br /><br />During an extreme blizzard state trooper Jason (Adam Beach) battles through the snow to reach a remote lodge in the Colorado Mountains. His task is to inform the guests that the road is closed and they must stay for at least one more night until a path can be cleared through the hazardous conditions. This news doesn't go down to well with the suspicious bunch which includes two troublemaking brothers (Callum Keith Rennie and Peter Flemming) a truck driver that really doesn't want to hang around (William S. Taylor) a randy couple of lovers (Winston Rekert and Amy Adamson) and Jason's ex-girlfriend Nancy (Rose McGowan). The motel owners (Jurgen Prochnow and P. Lynn Johnson) aren't overjoyed by the news either but they offer rooms to the stranded guests and attempt to calm the tense situation. Things take a turn for the worse when Jason finds a mutilated body and a bag full of stolen cash lying in the snow behind the cafe. Just like a chapter out of an Agatha Christie mystery the lodgers begin dieing at the hands of a masked assailant that seems intent to re-claim the money. With so many dodgy characters to choose from and no way of leaving the crime scene Jason has to attempt to stop the maniac before he kills againÃ‚Â… <br /><br />A good mystery needs at least a handful of shady suspects who each have a credible motive a remote location that no one can escape from and a smart protagonist to help unravel the clues. Fortunately The Last Stop provides each of those essential ingredients in a thriller that has its equal moments of brilliance and downright stupidity. The film kicks off superbly as the dubious personalities clash in a claustrophobic environment that manages to keep the tension running high throughout the runtime. Malone keeps the interest levels raised as each character unveils their own reasons to attract some of the suspicion and to be fair the essential twist isn't one that you'll guess easily. In fact I found myself watching the movie through once again to see if I could pick up on any hints that I missed first time around. Unfortunately when the maniac is revealed to be an over the top psycho that wisecracks like a comic book bad guy The Last Stop forfeits a huge amount of credibility. Thankfully all is not lost when an unexpected and brilliantly orchestrated plot twist salvages the film's finale.<br /><br />Similarities can be drawn with the excellent Identity as the two plots are almost interchangeable. James Mangold's effort has to be the better of the two mainly because of the star billing of John Cusack and the ever-reliable Ray Liotta. With that said though Adam Beach does a good enough job in the lead while Jurgen Prochnow Amy Adamson and the brilliant Callum Keith Rennie add some credible support. Rose McGowan acts as conceitedly in this role as she probably does from day to day in reality and Winston Rekert started fantastically before going completely overboard with the film's climax. If you're a die-hard slasher fan that's watching this for some bloody killings then you're going to be disappointed. The balaclava-wearing psychopath only pops up once and the rest of the murders are committed off-screen. But as I said earlier Malone's directorial talent means that the suspense is never too far off the boil and you can forgive the few flaws because the positives just about triumph.<br /><br />The Last Stop is well worth a look for slasher addicts and movie fans alike. Yes there are a handful of negatives but overall this is a solid example of emerging Hollywood talents. If you liked Identity then certainly give this a tryÃ‚Â
critique1084 Surely the Gershwin family realizes this is one of America's greatest opera. You have thousands of fans of this opera waiting for it to be released on DVD. Please don't be so stubborn give us a break. Think of the joy and wonder you can bring to a starved public for quality music by releasing this great GEM. Don't wait until the film is beyond repair. The cast is first rate the music is just awesome we need beautiful music in today's world. It may never be filmed again with such a great cast again. With today's home theater systemswonderful sound systems and need for great music I'm pleading with the Gershwin family to reconsider and release this awesome movie. Thanks So Much
critique1085 The story is about Ankush (Abhay Deol) - who is professional marriage witness in short he acts as a witness for couples in marriage registration office - and Megha (Soha Ali Khan) who ran away from her home at Nainital to get married to her love interest Dhiraj (Shayan Munshi). The story starts with Megha waiting at the marriage registration office for Dhiraj to show up but for some reason he does not show up. So Ankush comes in the picture here who had approached Megha with the intention of earning Rs. 200 for his Witness job and he ends up helping her by providing shelter to her. Ankush grows on his side by working in a bank as an Agent&#8230; Ankush falls in love with Megha and she too falls in love with him (or kind of love) both agree for the marriage and Dhiraj comes back in the picture. Unexpected circumstances happen actually I should say expected circumstances with unexpected reactions and then&#8230;.<br /><br />Actually the movie story is bit different than the movies we see and I do not think so it will be accepted by the masses but if you are a movie freak like me and love to watch something different then you will definitely like the movie. The movie is just an innocent love story drafted very well by the characters of Abhay Deol and Soha Ali Khan. The characters are so natural that you feel as if things are happening to the guy next door. The background music of the film also plays a very good role it is just too good. The way Delhi is shown is very good and gives a fresh feeling.<br /><br />so let's cut it out and sum it up.<br /><br />Story: A very common story carried very well and transformed to a wonderful experience.<br /><br />Music: Well as it was Himesh Reshammiya creation so I did not expect much but still I liked couple of songs of the movie including the Qawwali.<br /><br />Acting: Abhay Deol was the most impressive very natural and innocent acting but he should stay away from singing in the songs. Soha Ali Khan she is a doll a very cute doll I must say. Again very innocent and natural acting and these both actors perfectly fit into their characters. Apart from these two Shayan Munshi needs some acting lessons and may be few layers of fat to cover the bones. Other actors did their job well.<br /><br />Stars: I would also give it 3.5 stars out of 5. You will enjoy the movie if watched in the theatre I would recommend watching it in theatre if you are a movie freak and accept uncommon stories. Otherwise wait for the DVD to arrive. The movie will definitely won't be liked by the masses and the business it can do is from word of mouth publicity.
critique1086 Black Scorpion is Roger Cormen's Batman. Which is cool and there is a lot of cool stuff in this movie. Like the Breathtaker being a cross between Doctor Doom and Darth Vader that's kind of cool. The mind control gas in the inhalers was worthy of the Mad Hatter. The Cormen B-movie style is all over this puppy which is not always a good thing. There are plenty of stunts and hot babes to make any action fan happy. This movie the good out weighs the bad. But if you aren't one for comic book movies then I would advise not watching Black Scorpion however if you like comic book like movies and don't care if it was ever a comic before. Then check out BLACK SCORPION as for me I give it 8 STARS.
critique1087 I watched this movie probably more than 20 times. The jokes are now 10-15 years old but every time I watch it it makes me fall off my chair. Two of the finest actor Salman Khan and Aamir Khan plays the lead roles here. Even if Aamir Khan is a much better actor and got the better role(smart guy) in the movie Salman Khan matches and sometimes perform even better as the dumb guy. All the characters are memorable. This movie is filled with hilarious one-liners and funny situations(a little too silly probably). Don't try to look for logic in this movie. Let your brain relax for some time. I promise it will be an experience to remember.
critique1088 We always watch American movies with their particular accents from each region (south west etc). We have the same here. All foreign people must to watch this movie and need to have a open mind to accept another culture besides American and European almost dominate the cinematographic industry.<br /><br />This movie tell us about a parallel world which it isn't figured even for those who live in a big city like SÃƒÂ£o Paulo. All actors are improvising and they are very realistic. The camera give us an idea of their confuse world the loneliness of each character and invite us to share their world.<br /><br />It's a real great movie and worst a rent even have it at home.
critique1089 This movie has become an iconic stand-in for what is great about America. <br /><br />Fame is famous for its music and performances. There are several standout actors singers and dancers including Irene Cara Paul McCrae Anne Meara* and the superb Gene Anthony Ray. <br /><br />The plot is not the movie. It follows an interesting format ... but it all really ends in a kind of mush.<br /><br />Where Parker succeeds is in pushing this movie into periodic overdrive - with the extremely poignant sometimes beautiful and outright campy music score & performances.<br /><br />The film's climax is a song-dance fest of musiciansdancers & score by Christopher Gore. A wonderment to behold. <br /><br />* An interesting note about the magnificent and superbly talented Anne Meara ... sometimes talent must reside in the genes ... Ms. Meara is married to one Jerry Stiller and is the mother of Ben Stiller ...
critique1090 The Garden of Allah was one of the first feature length 3-strip Technicolor films. To correct a previous poster the first Technicolor feature (after Disney's 5-year exclusivity deal) was 1935's "Becky Sharp" which was a costume drama that used the color for it's garish color costumes.<br /><br />"The Garden of Allah" looks as if it could have been shot years later as the cinematography uses not only the color but also the use of shadows. It must have been amazing for an audiences at the time to see a color feature after seeing basically only black and white films for their whole life. Unfortunately the film does not stand up to the cinematography. That being said the film is worth seeing just as a visual treat.
critique1091 I love the movie it was a very interesting fantasy movie b/c of the real meaning of family in it the history of our country the fun-filled action displayed in the movie. I watch time @ the top about 4 X's a week and I just love it! I wish that a sequel had of been made to see more of Susan's dad in the past and watching how Susan delt with her new baby sister and having no telephone computers gameboys or anything of the 21st century. I hope everyone else enjoyed the movie as much as I did I guess you could say I'm a time at the top fanatic and I don't mind. The lil boy in the movie Robert Lincoln Walker was simply adorible I wonder who he is and how old he is today. Does anyone know if he's played in over movies or TV shows?
critique1092 This was the second entry in the regular Columbo series and it holds up well today. As I am able to look at it closely now on DVD and see how it is constructed I am very impressed with the direction of Bernard L. Kowalski (who directed the fine MACHO CALLAHAN as well as countless TV episodes)--watch how the post-murder actions of the killer are shown on a split-screen effect on his two eyeglasses watch how the murder itself is shown in montage fashion watch the point-of-view shot from the perspective of the corpse. Also the wild but impressive avant-garde musical score from noted jazzman Gil Melle was incredible and helped so much to create atmosphere. And the supporting performance of Brett Halsey as the golf pro was wonderful--such subtlety and complexity in a role that nine out of ten times would be a one-dimensional cutout. The "formula" had not yet been set when this episode was filmed so there are still some surprises in Columbo's methods. Of course Falk Robert Culp and Ray Milland are the highest-quality actors and it's a pleasure to see them work--all men are familiar from many other roles yet lose themselves in their characters here. In all this entry in the Columbo series--and MANY of the others--are as well-crafted as a very good feature film.
critique1093 Following on from the huge success of Nick Park and the Aardman team with the Wallace and Gromit short animations we now have the first (hopefully of many) feature with the plasticine characters that so many love. The DVD of the movie has proved to be the most durable and best used of my two children's many Christmas presents by a long way. The plot of the movie is straightforward enough but the beauty of the W & G films for me is the background gags. There are plenty of up front gags and slapstick for kids and adults to enjoy but the background is the killer for me. All in a classy addition to an already classy filmography for Nick Park etal and I would recommend fans and new watchers to see this film....often.
critique1094 Ok i am a huge Traci fan so her just being in the movie automatically makes it rank at the 8.5+ rating. But even besides her being in it i thought it was a good movie especially for it being an HBO movie. But i am afraid if you take Traci out of the movie it would just be ok. But a person can't do that she is in it and she is a wonderful actress. She just keeps getting better and better.
critique1095 This movie is Jackie's best. I still cant get enough of watching some of his best stunts ever. I also like the bad guys in this movie (the old man looks like a Chinese version of John Howard). Unlike some of Jackie's other work this movie has also got a great story line and i recommend it to all of Jackie's fans.
critique1096 Some spoilers If you are a big horror movie fan then you will know that Halloween paved the way for many slasher films. Often imitated never duplicated this movie is a true horror classic and is definitely one of the scariest movies ever made if not THE scariest.<br /><br />I actually saw this movie after seeing the rest of the series (don't ask me why). I honestly saw the other 7 movies before seeing this one that's just how it worked out. But I would have to say this one blows all the others away. It is genuinely frightening and seeing Michael pop out from behind a bush or walk around in the dark sends a chill down your spine. My favorite part of the movie was when Michael stabs a guy and leans his head to one side. It is one of the eeriest images in movie history.<br /><br />Later slashers such as the Friday the 13th films were more fun and less intense than this movie. I do like the F13 series better than the Halloween series but this movie alone is better than all the F13 movies. Michael Myers is such a scary villain because he is realistic you could imagine a crazed guy like him going around killing people. I admit this movie gave me nightmares after watching it for a few nights.<br /><br />What's great about this movie is that it doesn't rely on gore or humor to entertain the audience. It is just pure terror. It's too bad the later films of the series swayed from this one because this is as good of an example of a spectacular slasher movie as they come.
critique1097 As a community theater actor who works hard at it but doesn't take acting too seriously I'm always amused by those who treat it as Great Art. This movie skewers the "Actor's Craft" mercilessly while dishing up a lot of good laughs.<br /><br />A ham actor on location for a movie bears a resemblance to the dictator. When the dictator dies of a heart attack from too much drink and food the actor is kidnapped and forced to play "the part of a lifetime" by the neo-Nazi head of the secret service. He plays it to the hilt gets the dictator's girlfriend to fall in love with him and vice versa and turns the tables on his captors beautifully.<br /><br />Lots of great shtick by the leads lots of good work by some unknown supporting actors particularly the household staff and two members of the palace guard and fun little cameos abound. Sammy Davis Jr. makes light of himself Jonathan Winters plays a semi-retired American businessman with something else going on and Raul Julia Sonia Braga and above all Richard Dreyfuss are exceptional.<br /><br />This is a dumb movie but it has lots of beautiful locations (in Brazil) a humorous script and good actors doing their thing and looking like they're actually having fun and not going through the usual existential angst about what is only play-acting!
critique1098 ***Might not consider this having a spoiler but I'd rather be cautious than careless*** I never saw this movie when I was little. I fell in love with it the first time I saw it with my three year old daughter. I can watch it over and over again.<br /><br />For the little acting Ilene Woods did in her lifetime she was a wonderful voice for Cinderella; very appealing; very believable. The music really fit the movie perfectly. The acting was great; loved the mice!! You really "hated" Lady Tremain and the step-sisters; they were just awful. The cartoonists depicted the spoiled behavior very well.<br /><br />This is a wonderful movie especially if you are into love stories. My daughter has seen the movie about 25 times and still gets excited at the end.
critique1099 Ok first I have to point the fact that when I first saw this flick I was 9 years old. If I had seen this one two weeks ago for the first time IÃ‚Â´d probably have noted that this is just another cheaply-made-cable-TV horror film with some well-made scenes. But when youÃ‚Â´re nine you just donÃ‚Â´t care about those facts. This scared the hell out of me back then especially those aforementioned Zelda- scenes (and they still do). Nowadays IÃ‚Â´m kind of hooked to this film. I have to see this maybe once in a month and on every new yearÃ‚Â´s eve I watch this with a 12-pack of beer & bunch of friends. ItÃ‚Â´s like an appetizer for a good party! I kinda agree to those people who said that the acting here is pretty unintense. Midkiff and Crosby do look like I wanted Louis and Rachel look like but one canÃ‚Â´t see very much devotion or feelings on the faces of these two. Hughes and Gwynne pretty much save the scenes which "the Creeds" underact. What I actually want to say about this is the fact that there really is no other film that has any kind of similarity to Pet Sematary and I donÃ‚Â´t mean the zombie stuff here. THE ATMOSPHERE OF THIS FILM IS CERTAINLY A NOVELTY AND ONE OF A KIND. Honestly how many times you have seen a film which on superficial level looks like a cable-TV one but leave you with a chill compared to only the best horror-chillers out there? Alright I busted some of the castÃ‚Â´s balls a minute ago but I have to say that all pieces in that level too hone the overall acting to perfection. But hey tell me if you really know some film which is similar to Pet Sematary! I really would love to know...And I donÃ‚Â´t mean night of the living dead here...this one is way beyond compare in intelligence compared to that stuff.
critique1100 Cheech & Chong's Next Movie (1980) was the second film to star to pot loving duo of Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong. The lovable burn out smokers are now roommates. They live in a condemned building looking for ways to score more smoke and just lay about all day. But Cheech is the "responsible" one. He has a job and a steady girlfriend. One day Cheech wants to get his freak on so he tries to get Chong out of the house. Another problem arises as well Cheech's brother "Red" (Cheech is another role) is in town and wants to hang with him. Firguring that he could kill two birds with one stone Cheech pawns Chong off and Red. What kind of adventures will Chong and Red get into? Will Cheech get his freak on? How long will Chong go without some smoke? Just watch CHEECH & CHONG'S NEXT MOVIE to find out!!<br /><br />Tommy Chong takes over the directorial reigns for the sequel. He received some experience when he did some uncredited work on UP IN SMOKE. Funny but not as good as the first film. But Cheech and Chong fans will enjoy it. Followed by NICE DREAMS.<br /><br />Recommended.
critique1101 I so much enjoyed this little musical fantasy I bought a copy to share with my friends. It is a pleasant and diverting change from our mundane lives..... I believe that we can all benefit from an active fantasy life one of joy and indulgence I heartily recommend it!<br /><br />The performance is excellent and the music uplifting!
critique1102 An excellent example of "cowboy noir" as it's been called in which unemployed Michael (Nicolas Cage) loses out on a job because he insists on being honest (he's got a bum leg). With really nothing else he can do he decides that for once he's going to lie. When he walks into a bar and the owner Wayne (the late great J.T. Walsh) mistakes him for a hit-man whom Wayne has hired to do in his sexy young wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle in fine form) Michael plays along and accepts Waynes' money. *Then* he goes to Suzanne and informs her of her husbands' intentions and accepts *her* money to get rid of Wayne! If that didn't complicate things enough the real hit-man "Lyle from Dallas" (Dennis Hopper in a perfect role for him) shows up and Michael is in even more trouble than before.<br /><br />"Red Rock West" gets a lot out of the locations. Director John Dahl who co-wrote the script with his brother Rick was smart in realizing the potential of a story set in a truly isolated small town that may have seen better days and in which the residents could be involved in any manner of schemes. It's also an amusing idea of the kind of trouble an honest person could get into if they decided to abandon their principles and give in to any level of temptation. It's an appreciably dark and twist-laden story with an assortment of main characters that are if not corrupt have at least been morally compromised like Michael. The lighting by cinematographer Marc Reshovsky is superb in its moodiness; even the climax set in a graveyard lends a nice morbid quality to the whole thing. Even if the writing isn't particularly "logical or credible" the film has a nice way of intriguing the viewer and just drawing them right in.<br /><br />Cage does a good job in the lead but his co-stars have a grand old time sinking their teeth into their meaty and greed-motivated characters. Hopper Boyle and Walsh are all fun to watch in these parts. Timothy Carhart and Dan Shor are fine as Walshs' deputies (in one especially good twist Walsh is also the local sheriff) and there's an entertaining cameo role for country & western star Dwight Yoakam who also graces the film with an enjoyable end credits tune.<br /><br />It's quite a good little film worth checking out. It moves forward at an impressive pace and if nothing else is certainly never boring.<br /><br />8/10
critique1103 Watch On The Rhine started as a Broadway play by Lillian Hellman who wrote the film and saw it open on Broadway at a time when the Soviet Union was still bound to Nazi Germany by that infamous non-aggression pact signed in August of 1939. So much for the fact that Hellman was merely echoing the Communist party line the line didn't change until a couple of months later. Lillian was actually months ahead of her time with this work.<br /><br />The play Watch On The Rhine ran from April 1941 to February 1942 for 378 performances and five players came over from Broadway to repeat their roles Frank Wilson as the butler Eric Roberts as the youngest son Lucile Watson as the family matriarch and most importantly villain George Coulouris and Paul Lukas.<br /><br />Lukas pulled an award hat trick in 1943 winning an Oscar a Golden Globe and the New York Film Critics for Best Actor. Probably if the Tony Awards had been in existence then he would have won that as well. The Oscar is even more remarkable when you consider who he was up against Humphrey Bogart for Casablanca Gary Cooper in For Whom The Bell Tolls Mickey Rooney in The Human Comedy and Walter Pidgeon for Madame Curie. Every one of his competitors was a bigger box office movie name than he was. Lukas's nomination is usually the kind the Academy gives to round out a field.<br /><br />Jack Warner knew that which is why Mady Christians did not repeat her Broadway part and the role of Lukas's wife was given to Bette Davis. Davis took the part not because this was an especially showy role for her but because she believed in the picture and just wanted to be associated with it. It's the same reason she did The Man Who Came To Dinner a much lighter play than this one.<br /><br />Davis is the daughter of a late American Supreme Court Justice who married a German national back in the Weimar days. After many years of being vagabonds on the continent of Europe Davis Lukas and their three children come to America which has not yet entered the European War. They're made welcome by Lucile Watson who is thrilled naturally at finally meeting her grandchildren.<br /><br />The fly in this ointment are some other house guests a friend of Davis's from bygone days Geraldine Fitzgerald and her husband who is also from Europe a Rumanian diplomat and aristocrat George Coulouris. Coulouris is a wastrel and a spendthrift and he smells an opportunity for double dealing when he suspects Lukas's anti-fascist background. <br /><br />His suspicions are quite correct it's the reason that the family has been the vagabonds they've become. Lukas fought in Spain on the Republican side and was wounded there. His health has not been the same since. His family loyally supports him in whatever decision he makes. Those decisions affect all the other members of the cast.<br /><br />Adding quite a bit more to the Broadway play including some lovely fascist creatures was Dashiell Hammett who was Lillian Hellman's significant other. Coulouris playing cards at the German embassy was a Hammett creation with such loathsome types as Henry Daniell Kurt Katch Clyde Fillmore Erwin Kalser and Rudolph Anders.<br /><br />Coulouris is truly one of the most despicable characters ever brought to screen as the no account Runmanian count. He was a metaphor for his own country who embraced the Nazis with gusto and then equally repudiated them without losing a step after Stalingrad.<br /><br />Lucile Watson was up for Best Supporting Actress in 1943 but lost to Katina Paxinou in For Whom The Bell Tolls. Dashiell Hammett was nominated for best adapted screenplay and the film itself lost for Best Picture to that other anti-fascist classic Casablanca. <br /><br />Though it's an item firmly planted in those specific times Watch On The Rhine still packs a stern anti-fascist message that bears repeating infinitely.
critique1104 When I first saw this movie I had thought that it was going to be a terrible upset being directed by first-time director Liev Schrieber. What I saw in the next 130 minutes completely and utterly changed my mind. Based on the novel by Jonathan Safran Foer Everything is Illuminated tells the story of a young Jewish-American collector(masterfully played by Elijah Wood)who is trying to find the woman who saved his grandfather from the Nazis in WWII. He travels to Germany and enlists in the help of a 20-something club hitting translator and his grandfather. This results in a rigid search across the country and they are determined to find what they are looking for. Shot in some of the most beautiful countryside in the world Everything Is Illuminated delivers tension between the translator and his grandfather and of the help that Jonathan needs to find his quarry. There is much religious matter as well as the grandfather refers to Jonathan as "The Jew." All in all This is a movie that deals with finding yourself and loving family. I give this wonderful if not illuminated movie a 10 out of 10.-Arjun
critique1105 I think this is a great version I came on here before to help me find which version I should use and I went to Jane Eyre 1983 and read a comment from users comment and then helped me to get this version. I do not regret picking this version and neither will you. I tried watching all the other versions and none matched up to itThere is nothing like the bookand TRUST ME if you are reading the book you want something that is going to match up with it. When you are looking for something real and moving after you have read the book it is hard because you want something that is going to match up with that. I would say God personally led me to this version. It points to true love for a humans. I would say God's love is greater.if there is anything better I would like to see it. but so far there is none like it!
critique1106 Everyone has already commented on the cinematography (good to great) the personalities (larger than life) the structure (chronological with many references to surf culture through time). What is missed is a bigger question of sociological importance: chucking mainstream American culture for something more fulfilling and rewarding.<br /><br />I was a surfer in the 1970s. We used to watch 16mm films at the local high schools in SoCal. I remember the great feeling of surfing all day until my skin radiated heat putting on a Hawaiian shirt and shorts and going to watch the latest surf film at night. Often the narrator was the filmmaker himself reading a script off sheets of paper. Sometimes a surf band or proto-punk band would add music. I was never happier. Except for the hooting and hollering seeing 'Riding Giants' took me back in time.<br /><br />IT also reinforced a feeling that living life on the edge not worrying about the money and the climbing the social and corporate ladder not keeping up with the Joneses pushing yourself physically and mentally for a fleeting moment of joy and jubilation - may be the answer to the question "what is the purpose of life?" At least for those like Greg Noll Laird Hamilton and the like they seem to have found something that few of us are bold enough or honest with ourselves enough to pursue: to live life solely on our own terms. Maybe society would fall apart if we all did exactly what we wanted in life but it is wonderful to see people who actually are living out their dreams.<br /><br />It was this message that really impressed me.
critique1107 While Disney have been THE animation studio for the past 70 years there have always been rivals to their supremacy. When this review was written in 2009 for example companies like Dreamworks and (to a lesser extent) Warner Brothers and Ardman were bringing out animated movies that could be said to challenge the Disney dominance. Back in the beginning in that late '30s and early '40s heyday when Disney was serving cinematic banquets like Snow White Dumbo and Fantasia the competition was provided by brothers Dave and Max Fleischer. Despite releasing two very commendable films they never quite cornered the market Ã‚Â– many attribute their downfall to the commercial failure of Mr Bug Goes To Town released the same week as the attack on Pearl Harbour (which gave the American public something more significant to think about than going to the cinema to watch a cartoon!) That this film has faded into relative obscurity is a travesty.<br /><br />In a patch of overgrown garden in the city a bunch of bugs are in dire danger. Humans use the land as a shortcut discarding litter and cigars and other hazards right on top of the bugs' homes as they go. Honey-shop owner Mr Bumble (voiced by Jack Mercer) fears that the future is bleak and wonders how he will ever be able to raise his daughter Honey (voiced by Pauline Loth) in more secure surroundings. A highly unscrupulous creature Bagley C. Beetle (voiced by Tedd Pierce) offers to provide her a safer place to live if she will accept his hand in marriage but Honey is much more interested in her childhood sweetheart the perennially cheerful and optimistic Hoppity (voiced by Stan Freed). Hoppity believes that everything is about to be resolved for the better but is left looking foolish when Bagley Beetle and his pair of comical sidekicks manipulate the crisis to their own devious end. Only at the very end as their patch becomes the foundation for a huge new skyscraper do the bugs switch loyalty back to Hoppity as they look to him to lead them a new safe home away from the destructive influence of humans.<br /><br />What really works in this film is the delightful characterisation Ã‚Â– all the bugs are cleverly developed and designed for maximum audience appeal. The bumbling villains Swat the fly and Smack the mosquito (hilarious names if you stop to think about it) are particularly memorable. Equally admirable is the storytelling drive Ã‚Â– even the youngest of children can enjoy this story while at the same time it skillfully conveys a message for older audiences about the way human carelessness can impact upon the survival of wildlife. Time has inevitably dated some aspects of the film and when viewing it the audience needs to accept (and forgive) these occasional signs of general age and wear. But on the whole Mr Bug Goes To Town is an accomplished funny and very slickly presented animation with a worthy message to boot.
critique1108 As a big fan of Tiny Toon Adventures I loved this movie!!! It was so funny!!! It really captured how cartoons spent their summers.
critique1109 Thank God that there are films out there that don't follow the same old Hollywood crap formula. I think the digital revolution and the DVD revolution is actually making it possible for more interesting work to get out there even if you have to dig harder to find it. I love it when a film takes its time to draw you in deeper and deeper into its inner emotional reaches. It really was like taking a trip through the soul of America and that soul is disturbed and confused. What really blew my mind was the way they used Martin Luther King's speeches about Vietnam and references to his assassination in a way that hit me hard. I found myself choked up every time i heard his voice. I've heard him speak before of course but the way they used the speeches here made me feel like I understood his message in a way I'd never thought about.<br /><br />What can you say about a movie that has heavy statistics about war oppression and a plea for compassion at the end of it where a credits crawl would usually be? In fact there's no credits at all in the film. You have to access them by selecting them in the features. Somehow that made me think a lot. All in all I can't say enough about this DVD. Brilliant.
critique1110 S. Epatha Merkerson shines as Nanny in this touching and vibrant look at the life of Ruben Santiago Jr. (Marcus Franklin) while growing up under the guardianship of Nanny. The film gives a good character study of both Nanny and Ruben and manages to capture life's ups and downs in a realistic fashion unlike so many memoirs that are made into film. The supporting cast adds much spark and many recognizable faces appear in smaller roles including Mos Def Macy Gray Terrence Dashon Howard Rosie Perez Louis Gossett Jr. Liev Schreiber Jimmy Smits Ernie Hudson Delroy Lindo and Patricia Wettig. Loses some steam and vibrancy towards the end and the ending sequence leaves a bittersweet feeling. But overall a great film with a truly outstanding performance by Merkerson.
critique1111 Probably my all-time favorite movie a story of selflessness sacrifice and dedication to a noble cause but it's not preachy or boring. It just never gets old despite my having seen it some 15 or more times in the last 25 years. Paul Lukas' performance brings tears to my eyes and Bette Davis in one of her very few truly sympathetic roles is a delight. The kids are as grandma says more like "dressed-up midgets" than children but that only makes them more fun to watch. And the mother's slow awakening to what's happening in the world and under her own roof is believable and startling. If I had a dozen thumbs they'd all be "up" for this movie.
critique1112 In Rosenstrasse Margarethe von Trotta blends two stories to create a vibrant tapestry of love and courage. The film depicts a family drama of estrangement between a mother and her daughter and the story of German women who staged a protest on Rosenstrasse to free their Jewish husbands from certain extermination. In addition to the dramatization of historical events the focus of the film is on the saving of a child from the Holocaust by a German and the result of the child's experience of losing her mother. While Ms. von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans made a difference she does not use it to excuse German society. Indeed she shows how in the midst of torture and extermination the wealthy artists and intellectuals of German high society went on about their lives and parties oblivious to the suffering.<br /><br />Rosenstrasse opens in New York as a Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit Shiva a seven-day period of mourning that takes place following a funeral in which Jewish family members devote full attention to remembering and mourning the deceased. When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is forbidden to receive phone calls from her fiancÃƒÂ© Luis (Fedja van Huet) a non-Jew Hannah questions why her mother has suddenly decided to follow an Orthodox tradition that she previously rejected. When Ruth coldly rejects her cousin Hannah questions her and learns about a woman named Lena who took Ruth in as a child when the latter's mother was deported and murdered by the Nazis and she vows to find Lena and discover the secret of her mother's past.<br /><br />Her quest takes her to Berlin where she finds Lena (Doris Schade) now ninety years old and interviews her on the pretext that she is a journalist researching certain aspects of the Holocaust. With unfailing memory Lena tells her story of how as a young 33-year old woman (Katja Reimann) she searched for her husband Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel) who disappeared and was presumed to have been imprisoned despite the protection normally given Jews in mixed marriages. Lena in a radiant performance by Reimann discovers that her husband and other Jews are being held prisoner in a former factory on the Rosenstrasse.<br /><br />Standing together in the freezing night German women whose husband are missing congregate outside the building their numbers growing daily until they reach one thousand shouting "Give us back our husbands". Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde) a young girl whose mother is in the building. She takes care of her protecting her from the Gestapo and raising her after her mother is killed. Lena comes from an aristocratic German family and her brother recently returned from Stalingrad is a Wehrmacht officer. After being refused help from her father to free Fabian she enlists the aid of her brother who tells a fellow Officer "I know what they do to the Jews. I saw it". Given his support she is bold enough to bypass channels and go to the top where her beauty and charm prove irresistible for the Minister of Culture Joseph Goebbels a known womanizer. While this fictional part of the film has been criticized as degrading to the women protesters it is a historical fact that Goebbels was very active in making the decisions affecting Rosenstrasse.<br /><br />The director Margarethe von Trotta an activist feminist and intellectual is no stranger to political drama. She directed a film about Socialist Rosa Luxembourg and Marianne and Julianne a story of the relationship between two sisters one of whom resorts to political violence to accomplish her liberal objectives. In Rosenstrasse a film she worked on for eight years she had to make compromises adding the present day fictional element in order to have her film produced. That it works so well is a tribute to Ms. von Trotta's artistry and the beautiful screenplay by Pamela Katz whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The events at Rosenstrasse give the lie to Germans who say "there was nothing we could do". Now von Trotta has shown the opposite to be true that something could be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that the example did not catch on.
critique1113 I knew as soon as I saw the first trailer for Black Snake Moan that I would have to see it. I was not disappointed in the slightest in the film which was written and directed by Hustle and Flow's creator Craig Brewer. It tells the story of a broken blues man and the nymphomaniac he aims to cure not just for her sake but also his own...yet it's so much more than that. It's complex and rich and it manages to steep you in a gritty sticky sultry blue Memphis without making you feel like you need a bath afterward.<br /><br />The characters are (for the most part) multifaceted and very well-written and performed. The accents and the dialogue were carried off flawlessly. However there was one weak link in the chain: Justin Timberlake. The best I can say for him is that he can pull off crying...it's a rare male actor who can cry convincingly. However Justin's Ronnie was flat but as an actor he was trying very hard. I would definitely give him another chance.<br /><br />Lazarus and Rae (Samuel L. Jackson and Christina Ricci respectively) have a great chemistry and a great respect for each other. This is one of those films where it doesn't matter how good one actor is if the other one isn't up to the task and luckily both of the actors were up to the task.<br /><br />The music was very bit as good as you would expect especially when Mr. Samuel L. Jackson sings the blues. Phenomenal.<br /><br />On the technical side all was brilliance as far as I could see. It was well-edited well shot and well-mixed...everything was great. The character and set designs were just right the casting of the supporting characters (even Justin Timberlake and especially Kim Richards) was spot on... Loved it.
critique1114 This is the movie for those who believe cinema is the seventh art not an entertainment business. Lars von Trier creates a noir atmosphere of post-war Germany utterly captivating. You get absorbed into the dream and you're let go only at the end credits. The plot necessarily comes second but it still is a thrilling story with tough issues being raised. Just wonderful.
critique1115 Sleeper Cell attempts to swim both sides of the pool (terrorism/patriotic Muslim Americans) and it does neither very well.<br /><br />I had put off watching this show for a very long time because I had a feeling it would be too predictable but after a year in my netflix queue I finally moved it up to the front.<br /><br />The show is about an undercover Muslim man working for the FBI in an attempt to infiltrate a terrorist cell operating in the United States. The undercover agent in the show actually is a Muslim so we see his conflict/resolution between his Patriotism and his Religious beliefs. Personally I would have rather watched a drama about a Muslin American family living in the United States but it is doubtful that an America TV channel (cable or network) will ever produce anything that shows Muslims in a flattering light.<br /><br />I am not a Muslim but I have a lot of Muslim American Friends and I can honestly say that none of them are terrorists and they all love America.<br /><br />Sleeper Cell comes close to busting stereotypes of Muslims but it also focuses on the worse Muslim stereotypes. In the first episode we see an "honor killing" which is a very poor portrayal of Islam but in the 3rd episode we see a very respected moderate Muslim scholar teaching the viewer that the real Jihad is actually a personal struggle that is not meant to incite violence towards others.<br /><br />If only the Moderate Muslim scholar had been the main character of the show.<br /><br />Americans need to learn a lot more about Islam Sleeper Cell helps a little bit but it comes up far short of giving the America audience what it really needs to knows.<br /><br />That said the acting in this show is superb and the drama is extremely engrossing. If only they had made this show about Islam in America without the terrorism it would have been first rate.
critique1116 Gargle with old razor blades. Can I help it if I'm not cousin Basil? I think the piano's out of tune. Ginger Grey. This is your little snookums. Laughs throughout the entire 20 minute short as the boys spoof gold diggers and opera singers. They even manage to show us how to properly demonstrate to some attractive ladies how to handle both a rifle and a bear trap. Wonder how many times they rehearsed the scene with the phone booth. Adding Christine McIntyre and Emil Sitka 2 frequent collaborators to the mix makes it even better. Only Vernon Dent is missing. The Stooges did some great individual scenes but this was their best overall.
critique1117 The Legend of Zu as I saw it was a very interesting story. I think many of the people who didn't like it were not seeing the underlying mythology behind the film. They were expecting something akin to Star Wars and it was not that. Joseph Campbell I believe would have liked this film. There were a number of metaphors and hidden meanings that an average viewer might have overlooked. We all have a mountain of swords within us. We all have to go into our own cave of blood sometime in our lives. We all have to face our own insomnia someday. Granted some of the narration was a bit confusing and some of the action got a little hokey at times but I think other points of the film easily made up for it. I'd watch it again. <br /><br />I don't know if there's a difference between The Legend of Zu (which I saw in Mandarin with English subtitles) and Zu Warriors (The dubbed USA version.) It might have been dumbed down for American audiences which really would have detracted from this film.
critique1118 The topic of religion in BuÃƒÂ±uel films is a point that one as an eater of films as an eater of art or as a person need to analyze hardly. One can see to a satirical BuÃƒÂ±uel in "La Voie LactÃƒÂ©e" "Un Chien Andalou" or in "L'Age d'Or". Is very hard and effective in its critic but when you have seen this and then you see a movie like "Nazarin" after you see this work you begin to be questioned about its author. And much have questioned about what seems to be a contradiction for BuÃƒÂ±uel thinks but is better not called in this way i think that there's not any contradiction in its work only that BuÃƒÂ±uel religion point of view is very diverse as unique in films.<br /><br />This beautiful film is based on the novel of Benito Perez GaldÃƒÂ³s which told us the story of Father Nazario who lived a humble simple life dedicated to God and to help everyone. He lived in a simple and poor region. There lived too Beatriz who is an abused and abandoned wife. She don't find any sense of her life without her violent macho man. She have a kind of repulse to him. In the other side is Andara one of the towns prostitutes. Father Nazario has been stolen again he blames to Andara's cousin. Andara hear this and try to fight without success with the priest who don't believe in violence. That night Andara find that her cousin is actually a thief she have stole her bellboys. Andara fights with her cousin with terrible consequences. With this Andara search mercy from the priest. Nazario decides to help her knowing well that this could be against his church obviously this thing going to have some consequences. Since here Nazario going to be a pilgrim. Without nothing even without shoes but with spirit and faith. But Andara and Beatriz want to be with he and be like he to serve God.<br /><br />If is the sweetest BuÃƒÂ±uel film that i have seen so far is too the most spiritual. Is clear here that the thing that most confuse people with the contradiction is that here we don't see a BuÃƒÂ±uel against the power of church we see a BuÃƒÂ±uel whose film is about church but not in the typical - and great - satirical way. Whethever like it is i don't think that the right word is contradiction actually i find it pleasant and well done and in spite of contain such religious issues (As his "Voie LactÃƒÂ©e") i found it more a spiritual film but that don't try to touch in diversity the Catholic religion as maybe he touch and laugh of it in another films. "Nazarin" is of father Nazario and its perspective front God and the same religion but all of this is at the end analyzed in the spiritual life of this man.<br /><br />The other two women are not a contrast but as very well another two perspectives of faith. First we have Beatriz the mistreated woman that lose all the faith in life first with her husband and then with a little girl who was in her family. This little girl was very sick. At side of her was too Andara the prostitute who run of the justice. In the family of the child just religious women there a big pain but faith becomes in father Nazario when he arrives with nothing to this town. He bless the child a say later she is fine. The priest want go on walking but Beatriz and Andara have recovered the faith in life and want to dedicate their lives to God with father Nazario. After some complains father Nazario decide to be with them discovering with some things until the end how he feels about faith God religion and the person in necessity the people who must request to charity to survive. This last issue then must be noted as one possible explanation for the pineapple ending. This ending we listen the drums (Similar to that in "L'Age d'Or) and a father Nazario walking over asking about this things when he refuse the fruit at the first time and at the end decide to receive it as a symbol of necessity or maybe as an answer for its spiritual road that begin being priest. Meanwhile the two women must take away of the father Andara for its crime (Beautiful scene where she thanks a man who helps father Nazario in jail and then she damn the man who hit the priest in jail) and Beatriz because she prefer be with her macho man in spite that he treat her bad just because she don't accept that she fall in loved with the priest. Father Nazario - and here is maybe the unique place in film to critic church- walk to contradict the church the religion that he serves.<br /><br />Father Nazario is that then is a (Soft for much but not for me) critic for some thing in religion (Father Nazario helping a women who is guilty of a crime of a sin) but most of all is one of BuÃƒÂ±uel analysis of faith and life and he really got it with a beautiful tender sweet and unforgettable film that is without a doubt one of his best.<br /><br />*Sorry for the mistakes...well if there any.
critique1119 This movie is great. If you enjoy watching B-class movies that is. This is a classic college 80's slasher movie in which one song is played throughout the entire soundtrack. A horrible film but worth renting to make fun of or just to watch old men pop out of closets with knives. Kinda funny if you ask me.
critique1120 CHANCES ARE is a charming romantic fantasy about a woman (Cybill Shepherd) whose husband (Christopher McDonald) is killed shortly after learning she is pregnant. We then see the husband in heaven letting the powers that be know that he was taken too soon and that his wife needs him. He is told he can return to earth but not as himself. Flashforward 19 years where we see Shepherd's daughter (Mary Stuart Masterson) preparing to graduate from college and encountering a young man (Robert Downey Jr.)who it turns out is the reincarnation of her father. The film is a little on the predictable side...the story goes all the places you expect it to but it is so charmingly played by an energetic cast (especially Shepherd and Downey) that you can't help but get wrapped up in the fun. Shepherd has rarely been seen on screen to better advantage and she and Downey are backed by a talented group of character actors in supporting roles. A lovely and charming fantasy that will engulf and enchant you.
critique1121 I've read most of the comments on this movie. I have seen this movie(and the whole prophecy series) many times with family members of all ages we all enjoyed and it just made us meditate on what we already knew from reading and studying the bible about the rapture and end times. No one got scared or traumatized like I have read on some posts. The movie is just based on biblical facts. I have seen a lot of end time movies "Tribulation" "Armagedon" and so on and by far this one is one of the best in presenting bible truths. It may not have a lot of great special effects like todays movies but I believe it is a good witnessing tool. This movie and its prophecy series can be seen free at this website higherpraise.com and judge for yourself. Blessings to all.
critique1122 This is the only full length feature film about the world of bridge. I found the first 10 minutes a bit slow but after that the movie is absolutely perfect in describing professional bridge players and how they go about earning a living. <br /><br />Some of the scenes are very funny. I don't think that a non-bridge player would get the charm of this movie. <br /><br />Some of the dresses are really beautiful pity the movie is in black and white - I can only imagine what they would look like in colour. The way the media are portrayed is absolutely hilarious. There is no way on earth bridge will ever be like that. <br /><br />Watch it as soon as you can and tell your friends about it.
critique1123 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1124 A stolen shipment of Vigoroso the mexican Viagra; a beautiful girl who is trying to rebuild her life and to leave her husband a boss of the italian Mafia; a young sheriff who falls in love with his old sweetheart. This is the plot of "The Shipment" a country comedy located in small town of Paradise Arizona. Despite its simply and classic story the movie (directed by Alex Wright) has its fun moments: when Elizabeth Berkley (as Candy Porter) looking at a Vigoroso green pill says: "What"s this? A mint candy?". Or when the girl enters the sheriff"s house and finds him completely naked. Or when the Vigoroso shipment ends up in THAT lake at the final sequence... The cast offers some nice performances: by Matthew Modine as the sheriff of Paradise Valley who still loves his old girlfriend; and by Elizabeth Berkley who"s character still loves her old boyfriend... The supporting cast including Nicholas Turturro Paul Rodriguez (as the mexican JosÃƒÂ¨) and G Michael Gray (what kind of teeth...) makes a pleasant work too. Not an Oscar material but not so bad. A fun comedy without pretence.
critique1125 (Contains spoilers)<br /><br />People who put a Lonely Heart's ad in the newspaper are often idealists. They try to put into a few words everything they are and expect. The exchange of letters is full of hope...Louis Mahe (Jean Paul Belmondo) owner of a cigarette company on the ile de la Reunion (east of Madagascar) is so affected by the letters of Julie Roussell that he proposes to her. But not the expected pretty brunette comes from board of the "Mississippi" but - Catherine Deneuve. And we know from the start that she is a marriage imposter and that a crime has taken place. She shows no interest in "Julie's" wardrobe (she does not even get her trunk open) and neglects her canary until it dies. But the most basic tricks of seduction (an open zipper) are sufficient to transform Louis into a pliable little dog. First: a joint bank account. And then when Julie's sister draws attention to herself the flight. With 27850 millions of Louis' 28 millions - she would have needed his signature for the entire sum.<br /><br />Louis and Julie's sister engage a private detective (Michel Bouquet). Louis contrives to trace Marion (Deneuve's real name) in Antibes where she works as taxi-girl - her gangster-lover left her penniless or rather centimeless. Louis finds himself unable to kill her. She tells her story: Orphan. Precocious. Lesbian experiences. Many sugardaddies. Jail - and soon she leads him by the nose again. The detective turns out to be sly as a fox and tenacious as a blood hound; Louis and Marion bury his body in the cellar. They flee to Paris where Louis discovers that Marion has a costly taste. She worships money like a deity. He sells his firm at a fraction of its value. But when the corpse of the detective is discovered (a flood) they have to flee again - without the money. Life in a mountain lodge together with a whining loser - Marion can think of a more cheerful life without this appendage...<br /><br />A high point in the careers of everybody involved. Belmondo's self-deceit makes him nearly endearing. Deneuve looks beautiful in her wardrobe by Yves St. Laurent and her performance is delightful: At first she fakes the fragile wifey - too timid to ask her husband for money that's why the joint bank account is needed - but after being exposed she sounds like Katharine Hepburn in the jail scene of BRINGING UP BABY. The scenery is spectacular - the tropics the riviera Paris. Truffaut directs with self-evident aplomb: the sixties were the only decade when european films were head and shoulders above american productions. After this film Truffaut was able to look his idol Alfred Hichcock full in the face.
critique1126 If you weren't there then unfortunately this movie will be beyond compassion for you. Which as I say is a shame because although some of the acting is amateurish it is meant to be for realism. Let's face it--in real life we don't say things in an exacting or perfect way even when we mean to. In this sense it works. This however does not apply to our "known" actors in this film notably Jodie Foster (born a natural). The fact that the other 3 girls are not accomplished only adds to the story--Jodie plays the glue that struggles to keep their friendship close even with the obvious feeling of fatality. Meaning that no matter how close friends are eventually there are some people that just fade away no matter how you try.<br /><br />And therein is the core of the movie. It's not about partying it's not about sexuality but about these 4 girls and their final time as still young girls before they have to go the world alone.<br /><br />If you have ever had a friendship like that in your life you will feel this movie--it will mean a lot to you no matter what era it is set in or what era you grew up in. We all knew these girls in school or at the very least knew of them. We all knew the frustrated virgin half wanting to hold onto childhood and half wanting desperately to grow up and thinking that will do it for her. We all knew the boy-crazy one the fashion plate whose vanity hides her fear of the world her fear of acceptance. We all knew the party girl the one they whispered about with tales of not only her sad home life but of her notorious exploits. And we all knew the "mother figure" the one a little more real a little more grounded a little more sad because she knew what would happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Maybe like me you had been each one at one time or another...<br /><br />This film really captures that fragile time in life when want needs pressures womanhood childhood the world and loneliness are all embodied in each female's head each factor on the precipice. Which aspect do you hang on to? What do you toss over the edge no matter how you may want to hold on? And how painful is goodbye to everything you've known? That's what this movie is--steps into womanhood while clinging onto childhood and how damn tough it is to keep walking. If you were there you know...and love this film as I do. Aching and tenderly done. A fine piece of captured femininity.
critique1127 This extraordinary pseudo-documentary made in 1971 perfectly captures the zeitgeist of America today...which makes it all the more scary and relevant. "subversives" (college students hippies black activists academics) are being rounded up by the government and given lengthy prison terms for what amount to thought crimes and social protest. As an alternative to life in prison these convicted "criminals" are offered three days in "Punishment Park". Their objective inside the park is to make their way to the American flag where freedom awaits them. Not surprisingly the Punishment Park option is a dirty lie. This brilliant film from Peter Watkins even pre-dates "Battle Royale" and "Series 7" though its angle of attack is more blatantly political. Shot in '71 it looks and feels as fresh as anything made today. The performances are exemplary and the direction is razer sharp. The narrative cuts back and forth between various groups trying to survive the harsh conditions of the park and the McCarthy-like trials that convicted them. Today this film still retains its power. In '71 there was nothing but nothing quite like it. This is a masterpiece that succeeds on a dozen levels. It has the balls that most people today have lost.
critique1128 CAT SOUP has two "Hello Kitty"-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife where anything can happen and does. This mind-tripping Asian short uses no dialog substituting word balloons instead. There is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to see it for yourself. And make sure no one under 10 is in the room. Dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes. Honest. Perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in and also ride. But like practically everything else in this film that silly picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end.
critique1129 I love bad movies. Not only because they often are as entertaining as 'really' 'good' films (like Pirates of the Caribbean series and other Hollywood pathos) but they often are far better than those films. And that's the reason why I love Italian rip off cinema of 1970s and 1980s. And that's the reason why I especially love this movie The Barbarians & the Company.<br /><br />Director Ruggero Deodato has made some actually very good movies like House on the Edge of the Park and also his Atlantis Interceptors and Live Like a Cop Die Like a Man are enjoyable action movies. But this is really bad. The Barbarians is so idiotic movie. Peter and David Paul as the Barbarian Brothers Kutchek and Gore are very funny because of their lack of charisma and acting skills. But if they can't act they yell and scream every time they do something important. In one scene people try to hang the Barbarian Brothers and they escape very extraordinary way.<br /><br />Bad acting bad special effects very stupid story bad direction actually everything is bad in this movie. I can't describe how much I laughed when I watched this first time. The Barbarians & the Company is camp classic everybody should see once. If you thought Plan 9 From Outer Space is fun camp this will be a real killer.
critique1130 An opium den a dirty little boy (actually a midget) prostitutes galore a violent fracas in a dive a motel for sexual shenanigans scantily clad babes with cleavage a lot a boozer falling down the stairs a racially mixed clientÃƒÂ¨le in a bar with Asians Africans and Anglos treated equally does this sound like a film playing at the local shopping mall? Wrong. These are all scenes from a 1933 musical.<br /><br />The first half of "Footlight Parade" is preparation for a musical extravaganza which occupies the last half of the film. Chester Kent (Cagney) is about to lose his job and does lose his playgirl wife as a result of talking pictures squeezing out live stage musicals. His producers take him to see a popular talky of the day John Wayne in "The Big Trail." Before each showing of the flick a dance number is presented as a prologue. Shorts news reels serials and cartoons would later serve the purpose. Kent gets the idea that a prologue chain would be the road to salvation for the dwindling live musical business. Kent is basically an idea man along the lines of choreographer Busby Berkeley. Could it be that Cagney's character is patterned after Berkeley? Could be. <br /><br />In preparation for the prologues Kent learns that his ideas are being stolen by a rival. He uncovers the traitor fires him then unbeknown to him a new leak is planted in the form a dazzling temptress. His assistant Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - soon to be Mrs. Dick Powell) has the hots for Kent and is determined to expose the wiles of the temptress. A new singer from Arkansas College shows up in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Powell) who turns out to be a real find and is paired with Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). The resulting three prologue musicals which couldn't possibly have been presented on any cinema stage of the day are as fresh and enjoyable today as they were over seventy years ago "Honeymoon Hotel" "By a Waterfall" and "Shanghai Lil."<br /><br />Of special note is the song and dance of tough-guy James Cagney. Like Fred Astaire and Bill "Bojangles" Robinson Cagney's dancing appeared natural and unrehearsed although hours went into practice to get each step just right. Not as good a singer as Astaire Cagney's singing like Astaire's sounded natural unlike the crooning so popular at the time. It's amazing that one person could be so talented and so versatile as James Cagney.<br /><br />Most critics prefer the "Shanghai Lil" segment over the other two. Yet the kaleidoscopic choreography of "By a Waterfall" is astonishing. How Berkeley was able to film the underwater ballets and to create the human snake chain must have been difficult because it has never been repeated. The close up shots mixed brilliantly with distant angles is a must-see. The crisp black and white photography is much more artistic than it would have been if shot in color. <br /><br />Though not nearly as socially conscious as "Gold Diggers of 1933" "Footlight Parade" stands on its own as one of the most amazing and outrageous musicals ever put on the big screen.
critique1131 What a fun movie experience! I was expecting a sappy kids movie and found that I enjoyed it more than my teens. Take a tissue it's not sad just 'moving' in parts. Finally its a 'feel good' flick for the whole family. Note: It's 2+ hours so consider leaving the littlest 'squirmers' home for this one. AP
critique1132 Most of this political thriller presented as a mostly run of the mill movie with a somewhat better development of many of the major characters that was much appreciated until the BIG twist and powerful climax that recalled twists experienced in "Silence of the Lambs" or "The Sixth Sense." Reese Witherspoon as the distraught wife of the missing Egyptian husband and Yigal Naor as the strong-armed interrogator offer strong performances. Jake Gyllenhaal unfortunately is handed a more two-dimensional character and has to struggled with a stereotypical presentation of the emotionally torn CIA analyst that has been presented many times before in other movies. Early on there is the nice scene with an explosion that resembles a scene at the end of "Saving Private Ryan" the silent scene that was used so effectively in reflecting one consequence of violence. The script also provides a little more glimpse into the mind-set of the "enemy" but still doesn't allow the audience really much understanding again permitting the audience to wallow in stereotypical characterization. The cinematography and photography also is somewhat of a letdown because unlike "Jarhead" or "Blackhawk Down" the crisp raw visceral presentation is missing not allowing the audience to really be there in the movie there is some distance that keeps the audience from realizing the intensity of the emotions occurring on the screen. However overall the movie redeems itself by the end offering the audience a measured look into the complexity of the United States' use of rendition and the possible complications and consequences that may occur through its use. Eight out of Ten Stars.
critique1133 I was lucky enough to see the "Horror Classics" DVD version of this film before it was mysteriously removed from the 4 film DVD and replaced with something else. The picture and sound quality of the film on that edition was a nightmare in itself. Yet that version is STILL superior to the one with the deluxe DVD treatment. The reason was stated in Brad Fiedel's interview segments on the Special Edition DVD. He had noted what I first found so striking about this film. This being the use of music at moments of inactivity in the film but leaving the moments of activity in silence thus giving the horror scenes a stronger feel. The problem with this reissue is it carries the extra film score used to fill in these intentional gaps in score. Fiedel complained of this and made it clear that the filler music was not his. The music actually sounded a lot like Howard Shore's work for Videodrome. Sad for me that I am also a major fan of that film and have to associate the two.<br /><br />The film itself managed to add some interesting realistic elements to the genre horror film. A group of friends go up on a mountain one of them inherited. On the mountain they are confronted with a family with a nightmarish secret. The movie moves along at a great pace. In fact every time I have seen it I still find myself shocked to see 45 minutes had passed before things started really going wrong for the campers.<br /><br />While the Horror Classics version is filled with many gaps the fact that there is no score accompanying the horror scenes is what makes this film intelligent and even superior to most slasher films I have ever seen. The Director Jeff Lieberman had made some unique horror films previous to this one making this one the most mainstream and yet very different to the mainstream at the same time. It is a good fun film with surprising acting performances to boot. The new spiffed up DVD version is worth a rent the now collectors item Horror Classics version now OOP is worth the hunt.
critique1134 Attending this film was an excuse to escape the work I had to do for my classes but it turned out to be one of my best experiences here in France. The film makes quick work of building multidimensional characters and has an excellently smooth storyline. The characters really did have the voices you would expect reading the graphic novels and the artistic talent exceeded my expectations The music was catchy and the comedy toying and lighthearted almost a flinstoneish inclusion of modern items in playful manners. The film was attention grabbing cute and action packed at the same time. A wonderful tale spun expertly. I'll be showing it to my French students.
critique1135 Craig Brewer grew up in Tennessee it is evident in his movie. Forget the Black guy on White Girl action. It happens but it isn't Samuel L. Jackson on Christina Ricci. More importantly this movie is about the values and culture of the people in this Tennessee town. How they deal with divorce abandonment sexual abuse and psychological disorders. While shrinks make millions in the cities of the North Midwest and West Coast the town minister who also grapples with his own problems becomes the counselor and mediator. It is a interesting concept and one that may not settle well with everyone.<br /><br />Brewer shows us the region he grew up in. Yes it is still tainted with racial problems though worse problems exist in many metropolitan cities. This is in the subtext and not the main plot of the story. People live a more simple lifestyle yet life is still complex and excruciating.<br /><br />Jackson and Ricci do a fantastic job in this film. Jackson the aging-former blues guitarist who eeks out a living on his small farm. His wife of 12 years leaves him for his brother so he spirals into depression. Meanwhile Ricci and Justin Timberlake have a last wild sexually charged night before he ships off to the Army. Ricci suffers from a childhood of sexual abuse though that isn't revealed until later her torment can only be quenched by sexual forays with various boys (Black and White) in the town.<br /><br />When Ricci is beat up and left for dead on the road near Jacksons farm he finds her and nurses her back to health. He believes it is divine intervention that this half-naked White girl is left in his care. He clutches his Bible and prays for guidance. He refuses her sexual advances and instead treats her with dignity respect and care. Something few men in her life have ever done.<br /><br />She in time sees Jackson as a man of honor and morals yet he also carries his own pain. He plays his guitar and sings to her. Yes it's the Blues and damn good too With the minister counseling her she slowly understands how to deal with her childhood sexual abuse. Jackson through Ricci's transformation realizes he must let his own pain heal.<br /><br />Justin Timberlake comes back discharged due to "anxiety problems". As he searches for Ricci who has been living with Jackson during her recovery he finds out she has been promiscuous and unfaithful to him.<br /><br />He finds her and Jackson at a bar where Jackson has decided (as part of his healing process) to come out retirement and play the Blues again. Timberlake follows them home and confronts Jackson and Ricci.<br /><br />You will have to see the movie to get the rest of the story. Should you decide to see this film remember to look at it from the aspect of a foreign or independent movie. It is a slice of life from a particular region of America that few of us get to see. It is interesting and revealing. It also shows us that regardless of the color of our skin we all have similar problems that can be fixed with similar solutions.
critique1136 I'd first heard of this show in 2005 first online and then by viewing (and of course buying)the typically gorgeous BBC tie-in book. Then I got the DVD; it did not disappoint! I'd been hoping for years someone would make a science fiction program with the emphasis on the thrill of discovery rather than aliens laser gun fights and other Hollywood 'boogieman' gimmicks! Thank you Joe Ahearne (also for your Dr. Who work and Ultraviolet--the mini-series; not the crap movie of the same name)! What compelled me to write this now (2 yrs. later) was that I'd just seen SUNSHINE last night. And what appeared to be in the same family as SPACE ODYSSEY turned into (about 2/3rds of the way in) Freddy Krueger meets 2010! That was when SPACE ODYSSEY really stood out as a positive example of how to do a REAL science fiction film; more science less fiction! ODYSSEY (like SUNSHINE) also dealt with astronaut shortcomings (Zoe's failed EVA Ivan's over exertions on Venus the spats with mission control) and the sheer danger of exploring new planets with unfamiliar dangers (the fatal radiation spike on Mars). I would've easily paid to see this in a theater (I-Max anyone?). And to top it all not only were the space vistas jaw droppingly beautiful but the characters were nicely drawn too. I found their interplay more realistic than the wall-slamming histrionics of SUNSHINE's Icarus 2 crew (Icarus; dumb name for a solar mission--did anyone read the mythology of Icarus??). Sometimes it takes a not-so-good film to compel one to re-watch a better film. As an armchair astronaut I'd trade my passage on Icarus for a seat on Pegasus any day. In all fairness however the visuals of SUNSHINE are quite stunning though and quite memorable. Which is why I was so strongly rooting for it to succeed as an honest-to-goodness sci-fi film. So even though this review is almost a back-door review of SUNSHINE I hope it's read for what it was meant to be; strong support for a BBC telefilm that succeeds where most big-budget bloated cinematic spectacles fail. SPACE ODYSSEY (a.k.a. VOYAGE TO THE PLANETS here in the States) whets the appetite for solid SCIENCE-fiction and delivers a banquet. I very much enjoyed the pseudo-documentary approach as well. As for the time lag/light-speed quibbles they ARE addressed if you pay attention. Where SUNSHINE melts ODYSSEY keeps its cool. If you're considering going to the movies for another dose of SUNSHINE stay in; go for a true SPACE ODYSSEY instead!
critique1137 I won't go into too much detail about the plot of this movie as other reviewers have covered pretty much the same ground.<br /><br />Just wanted to say that I really enjoyed the film very much. Peter Falk's performance alone is reason enough to watch the film.<br /><br />A small scale 'road trip' movie with Falk & Paul Reiser in upstate NY in the fall is the setting for most of the action in the film.<br /><br />Very well written with an adult target audience in mind. Plenty of reality based humor & some well played drama give the film a feeling that it could be your own family.<br /><br />Really can't say enough about this film except that it's a damn shame that a lovely movie like this doesn't get more exposure while other trashy junk out there does.<br /><br />It's great to see Falk with a big leading man role again & he makes the most of it. It proves that his famous friend & writer/director John Casavettes was right in casting Falk in many of his ground breaking films of the 60s & 70s.
critique1138 This is easily one of my favorite musicals of all time. Bette Midler comes as close to real magic on screen as anyone has in her turn as Gypsy Lee's blustery bosomy brave and very scary mother. She evokes a sense of desperation that is at times both comic and tragic but always genuine and quite beautiful. Such charm and grit she is indeed a pioneer woman without a frontier. That frontier is discovered for the children. Who in turn must forge their own in a world ruled by their domineering mother.<br /><br />This particular version is as I understand it in it's entirety including the brilliant choreography of Jerome Robbins as well as the original stage directions.
critique1139 Whatever you do don't stop watching when you think the movie is over! Hang around for the first batch of credits or you'll really miss something! We saw this movie at the Savanaah film festival and thought it was the best of the bunch. Dreya Weber is a marvel really not only because of her performance but because she can pull it off so far above the ground. At the Q&A she said there were no wires or effects so everything you see is really her going for it. Addie couldn't make it to the festival because she was dancing with Madonna. She was excellent and my gawd so beautiful. I was amazed that the film went over so well with the blue haired lady crowd but there you have it Savannnah isn't a backwater.
critique1140 Ray is one of those movies that makes you pause. You actually think about what you heard or think about what you read about this man and it doesn't even come close. During my first viewing of Ray I forgot I was watching a movie I felt like a peeping tom watching this man's life thru a window. This movie is so compelling it drags you in and it involves your every emotion you go thru a emotional roller-coaster ride and when it's over you don't want to do it again so soon because it has that kind of emotional punch that other movies are lacking. Jamie Foxx deserved his Oscar and quite rightfully so his performance is spectacular and it should be held up as the standard for anybody wanting to do a bio pic anytime soon. This movie is as good as it's subject both deserved the titles classic and legend.
critique1141 This is the single greatest movie I have ever seen. Davey/Mr. Slaussen is simultaneously:<br /><br />1) Tortured about his talents (e.g. "I can control it; I can! I shouldn't have to hiiiide it! It feeeeeeeeeels good!");<br /><br />2) Desperate to make friends e.g.<br /><br />"How's the soup?<br /><br />"The soup is very good."<br /><br />"Would you like some crackers with your soup?"<br /><br />"I'd like some more crackers please."<br /><br />"How's that?"<br /><br />"Yes the soup is very good."<br /><br />3) Proud of his accomplishments (e.g. "Pretty neat trick huh?")<br /><br />4) A ladies man (e.g. "You're so pretty. Why don't you like me?"); and<br /><br />5) Sometimes very very angry (e.g. "You can't get away!")<br /><br />Connors should have received an academy award for best actor for this movie. I mean who was possibly better?! Tanya Roberts rocketed to the stratosphere following her performance in TT. It's a wonder not all of the stars of this masterpiece did not go on to have brilliant careers. I highly highly recommend this film! It's available on amazon.com. Everyone should own it. Make a night of it and have a bowl of soup while you watch.
critique1142 The make -or-break of a love story for me is whether or not I like the characters and also if they click with each other. Matt is pretty unlikeable: aloof braggart seemingly lazy and a misogynist. He's been hurt badly by his dysfunctional mom and this makes him a little easier to take. I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable. He overcompensates by bragging that he'l nail Amy. He acts so cool around Amy that he strikes out twice. When they do talk he can't show her who he really is. She empathizes and then stonewalls him at just the right moments. She seems so mature and strong that the traits of hers that come out later didn't seem to fit. (For me.) I found her to be incredibly sexy and pretty . . . girl next door pretty I call it. So I was going to like this movie unless it really screwed up.<br /><br />Funny things happen with the coach but Matt's relationship with the other coach was inspiring. The football scenes at the end were perplexing. Matt doesn't carry the ball but seems to be a blocking back. Folks he isn't the right size! He's fifty pounds too light for that position. But I thought his acting was skilled. I measure that by the way I wanted to wring his neck a couple of times during his scenes with Meredith Monroe. The film was all right. Meredith M was better than all right.
critique1143 I liked this movie very much. Although this movie doesn't boast of big (or even known) names its very charming. Its one of those feel good types where you know that everythings gonna be just fine in the end. My favorite scene is with the baby elephant part. I rate this movie at 7.5
critique1144 Once again AlmenÃƒÂ¡bar has provided us with a top quality film. This director is amazing and he's proven that he's equally talented and effective when crossing genres. <br /><br />The excellent character development of the movie through dialogue and personality quirks but with more subtle details as well (Ramon's father's gaze) allows the audience to identify with the protagonists very closely making the importance and emotional impact of the events which take place all the more profound. The visuals are at times simple at times stunning (the dream to the beach) and I think AlmenÃƒÂ¡bar's films really benefit from the fact that he also composes the music - it matched the film's varying moods flawlessly.<br /><br />More than just a film about euthanasia which in itself is an important issue this film tackles the duality of a man who at times genuinely seems to enjoy life (albeit in a quite limited way) and yet one who is unswerving in his desire to die. The overwhelming sadness of the film is punctuated by well-timed quips of humor which seem all the funnier because they provide a welcome respite from the melancholy you will certainly feel.<br /><br />Although clearly in favor of euthanasia this film does an excellent job representing the myriad points of view of Ramon's friends and family. Most poignant was Ramon's father when he said despondent "There's only one thing worse than losing a child. That the child wants to die."<br /><br />Excellent writing acting directing cinematography music - 10/10.
critique1145 I spotted this movie in the video store a few years ago and rented it. My husband and I enjoyed it so much we bought the VHS and have enjoyed it ever since.<br /><br />The plot has been well-discussed so no need in going over it again. The point is this movie deserves repeated viewings. Americans especially aren't going to get all the jokes the first time around. I know I didn't.<br /><br />This movie is funny touching sad-- all at the same time. When Ray proposes the toast at his daughter's wedding it's cringe-inducing. When Karen calls Tony "Brian" as he attempts to kiss her it's heartbreaking. When Beano is finally cornered by the woman in black it's too funny for words.<br /><br />And the music: it's as good as any movie soundtrack I've heard in years. I was dancing in the living room to "All Over the World." <br /><br />Every performance is absolutely perfect. Bill Nighy has been justly complimented for his portrayal of Ray a man who has had one too many bad trips. Stephen Rea is perfect as Tony the lovable keyboard player who has carried a torch for Karen all these years. He has an appealing hangdog look that makes women want to hug him. But all the actors are equally brilliant.<br /><br />Ignore any pans you read about this movie and see it. It's a gem.
critique1146 I have always loved old movies but this is one of my top ten favorites...it has all the charm 1940's quaintness and good old fashioned romance and it's hilarious to boot! Barbara Stanwick plays an independent single woman who writes cooking\home life articles for a famous magazine...under the premise that she is a married homemaker. Even the president of the magazine is under this delusion. Enter a handsome GI (played by the talented Dennis Morgan)just rescued off of a raft along with his buddy. His simple wish is to stay at the homey Inn the she writes so eloquently about and relax with her famous home-cooked meals. She now has to frantically find a way to save her job and reputation...add to this that her fiancÃƒÂ© is in a hurry to tie the knot doesn't help. The humor is superb and the chemistry between the leading characters a lot of fun. Throw in the character-actor nicknamed "Cuddles" (who fits this name completely) it becomes even more adorable. This has become my must-see movie that I snuggle in with a cup of cocoa each Christmas season. A wonderful enjoyable movie to enjoy at Christmastime or anytime!
critique1147 Sick of the current cinema output particularly American cinema I've been making an effort to see the Oscar-winning foreign films. That's when I came across this gem. Slow to start it picks up nicely once war is declared. Basically an old fashioned girl-waits-for-boy-to-return-from-war-story the performances the cinematography make this so very much more. Why Tatyana Samojlova as the young woman didn't become an international star after this is beyond me(though she has remained successful in her own country). You take the journey with her: young defiant impetuous young girl who through the ravages of war becomes a very sober somber woman who keeps a glimmer of hope (her final scene is devastating). We love her as much as the camera does. And the camera-work! Was this the pioneer in hand-held camera work? It truly adds an immediacy to the story. And the beauty of it (like when Tatyana's character is running up stairs and next to a slatted fence). I am humbled and grateful to see this film.
critique1148 A group of friends decide to take a camping trip into the desert-and find themselves stalked and murdered by a mysterious killer in a black pick-up truck."Mirage" is obviously inspired by Spielberg's "Duel" and Craven's "The Hills Have Eyes".Still this slasher yarn offers plenty of nasty violence and gore.The film's gory highlight is a sequence involving a man having his arm and leg chained together around a tree and then having his limbs dismembered when the chain is pulled by a truck.There is also a little bit of suspense and some exciting stalk-and-slash sequences.The acting is pretty lame and the script is quite weakbut the film is fast-paced and shocking.B.G.Steers who plays the villain is fairly threatening.The desert locations provide some atmosphere and the gore is rather strong.Overallif you like low-budget horror films give this one a look.8 out of 10.
critique1149 First they came for the Communists and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Communist. Then they came for the Jews and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew. Then they came for the Catholics and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant. Then they came for me and by that time there was no one left to speak up for me.<br /><br />Attributed to Rev. Martin Niemoller 1945<br /><br />When faced with intolerance or injustice the easiest thing to do is nothing - speak up and you risk becoming an object of scorn. But when does enough become too much? Global anti-Semitic sentiments allowed Hitler's genocidal policies to thrive and equal doses of fear-mongering and ignorance made it possible for the anti-Communist purges of McCarthyism to destroy thousands of peoples' lives. Inaction makes one no less culpable.<br /><br />Lawrence Newman is a chameleon of a man: quiet and nondescript he blends seamlessly with his surroundings. Lawrence doesn't like to get involved - when he witnesses an attack on a young woman he tells no one and goes about his business. His world spirals into chaos when he buys a pair of glasses and is mistaken for one of "them." Lawrence's view of the world and its view of him is forever altered. <br /><br />While the subject matter of this film is not new its presentation is definitely unique. It is much easier to understand the irrational nature of prejudice when placed within a certain context - Lawrence is more concerned with the assumptions that he is Jewish than he is with the views of his attackers. He believes that if he corrects this "oversight" that everything will be all right not realizing that logic and prejudice never go hand in hand. <br /><br />Whether playing a schemer (the only thing I liked about "Fargo") or a down home nice guy sheriff William H. Macy's roles are linked by a common thread -his characters share a subtle deliberate countenance that gives them substance. Macy nails Lawrence down to the smallest detail and says more with a furtive glance or tremble in his voice than a page of dialogue. By showing rather than telling Lawrence is able to share his fear and bewilderment with the viewer. The supporting cast brings the story together.<br /><br />Laura Dern is compelling as Gerty Lawrence's bombshell wife with a past. Trailer park rough yet other worldly wise she has also felt the wrath of prejudice as the result of "a mistake" and unwittingly exacerbates Lawrence's situation. Michael Lee Aday (aka "Meatloaf") is frightening as Fred the prototypical redneck next door equal parts ignorance and venom rallying neighbours to his virulent cause. In the midst of the chaos is Finklestein (David Paymer) the focus of the aggression and the voice of reason that raises the important questions. Paymer's even handed portrayal keeps Finklestein from becoming a stereotype or someone whose sole purpose is to engender sympathy making his one of the strongest performances in the film.<br /><br />The tight editing and close-cropped cinematography make for a clean picture with few distractions and mixes an air of claustrophobia in with the small town USA feel - it is simultaneously comforting and disturbing. The deliberate use of harsh two-tone lighting to accentuate the malevolent aspects of the piece and the carefully scored soundtrack are powerful without being overwhelming. Finally the set and costume designs recreate the feel of the era an essential component in the film's message.<br /><br />"Focus'" unconventional approach in dealing with prejudice is reason enough to recommend this film. Just consider the excellent story solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.
critique1150 OK so a 10 for a 2 1/2 star movie you ask?...well see this one and maybe it will make more sense.. Hitchcock never blended scenes together better....The film weaves scenes together flawlessly from the start and yet you don't get that scattered feeling you sometimes get when a movie runs you through the many characters it attempts to develop. You sense that the characters will show you something unusual about themselves and then they don't disappoint you when they do. Screenwriter/Producer Phil Hay's surreal tale of life blended with an absolutely superb soundtrack makes you think more about the 6 degrees of separation in life than the movie by the same title...I will be looking for more good things from this producer in the future.
critique1151 I'm Czech and soldiers (not only pilots) who escaped Czechoslovakia after Nazi's invasion in 1939 and fought against them abroad are true heroes and bravest men in our history for me. This movie from director of Academy Award winner "Kolya" (1996) is a tribute to these men. It's first big-screen movie about Czechoslovak WWII soldiers since "Nebesti jezdci" (1968). I think "Dark Blue World" is a good movie - good acting good special effects nice music etc. Movie is half in English and some actors are Britons. But greatest thing about this movie is it's pure existence. It's great chance to show people all around the world (and to many people in Czech Republic too...) that Czechoslovak role in WWII was not only as occupied country but as an active member of allied campaign.<br /><br />Leading characters are older and wiser Frantisek and young Karel. They escaped together from Czechoslovakia they are flying in the same squadron and they fell in love with the same woman... Maybe it's a clichÃƒÂ© but fortunately this storyline is not so aggressive and is in good balance with other scenes (including great dogfights). I don't want to compare "Dark Blue World" with "Pearl Harbor" someone will like PH more and someone will like DBW. But if you like happy ends DBW is not for you. So I think it's very good movie for everyone who likes this type of stories and very good movie who wants to get to know something about this chapter of Czechoslovak history.<br /><br />BTW main theme "Dark Blue World" is from Czech 30's and 40's composer Jaroslav Jezek. He wrote this theme when he lost his eyes...
critique1152 Barry Champlain is a radio phone-in talk-show host in Dallas whose no-holds-barred ideas on a plethora of social issues disturb and offend many of his callers and listeners. Is Barry a media messiah in search of truth or a social misfit out to assault his audience ?<br /><br />This is an intense provocative character piece about a man with almost no redeeming features who at the same time seems to be onto some really profound philosophy. Though co-written and directed by Stone this is really Bogosian's piece all the way and he gives an astonishingly hard-edged and penetrating performance from which there is no escape. Barry is at times one of the most loathsome characters imaginable spewing bilious misanthropy at everyone around him particularly those who care about him. But at the same time he is also strangely empathetic hypnotic sage even lovable. Bogosian's hawkish features burn into the frame with his green eyes constantly darting around as if permanently seeking an answer to some riddle. The movie is essentially an angry self-righteous rant against all the bigotry injustice and banality in the world culminating in a wild three-and-a-half-minute rotating single shot of Barry delivering the ultimate I-hate-everything speech but boy does it pack a punch. The support cast are great particularly Greene as the ex-wife and Baldwin as the boss. Robert Richardson's keen photography manages to keep the single radio studio set looking interesting and there's a tense score by Stewart Copeland with a moving coda featuring that endearing phone-music piece Telephone And Rubber Band by The Penguin Cafe Orchestra. If you're unfamiliar with Bogosian check out his amazing talent in this flick - like his contemporaries Bill Hicks and Denis Leary he's someone who rarely appears in the mainstream media purely because his writing is so out there. I find Stone's movies variable; I don't much care for his big successes but when he is more ordered and objective as with this (or Salvador and Nixon) he is much more incisive and arresting. A great primal scream of a picture based on a play by Bogosian inspired by the true story of Alan Berg a Denver radio talk show host who was murdered by neo-Nazis in 1984.
critique1153 Ever wanted to know just how much Hollywood could get away with before the Hayes Code was officially put into effect? Well unfortunately "Convention City" is lost so well just have to watch "Tarzan and His Mate" to find out. For 1934 there is a remarkable amount of sexual innuendo and even exposed flesh. Just look at Jane's nude swim. While Tarzan is often thought of as b-adventure films made for young boys and no one else this picture proves that the series was originally very adult. Over seventy years later it is still as sexy as it was when it came out.<br /><br />In addition to the envelope pushing taboo nature it is a superb and exciting adventure story. I've always enjoyed the jungle films that Hollywood churned out in the 30s and the 40s but there are few from the genre I'd call great films. "Tarzan and His Mate" is by far the best film from this long gone subgenre. The sequences of the attacks on the safari by either apes or natives still manage to create tension today. Also the animals are all too cool (espescially the apes throwing boulders). The acting won't win any major awards soon but is certainly more than adequate for this type of picture. The film is once again stolen by Cheetah the smartest monkey in the jungle. One of the most entertaining examples of pre-code Hollywood out there.
critique1154 As a Pagan I must say this movie has little if any Magickal significance. It's a "fun" witchcraft movie and not meant to teach us anything except that love is the strongest Magick of all and never to use it in a controlling or vengeful way. That's a lesson everyone needs to learn not just Pagans.<br /><br />That having been said this movie is wonderfully written and sweetly executed by Kim Novak and the venerable Jimmy Stewart.<br /><br />Hermione Gingold delivers a stellar performance as Bianca Elsa Lanchester (with too many movie credits to mention except as Ms. Jane Marbles of "Murder By Death") was wonderful as Ms. Novak's absent-minded-yet-capable upstairs neighbor Queenie. Also starring Jack Lemmon (wonderful performance) and Jim Kovacs (brilliantly witty).<br /><br />"Witches can't cry. Why they can't shed a single tear because their heart is full of Magick. They don't have time for silly things such as love." Queenie.<br /><br />Gillian Holroyd (Novak) and her brother Nicky (Jack Lemmon) are Manhattan witches. Cloaked deeply within the secret underworld of those of the Craft they live among other New Yorkers as one of them without so much as causing a raised eyebrow. <br /><br />But then along comes Shepherd "Shep" Henderson (Stewart) a steadfast no-nonsense dedicated businessman who is engaged to be married to Gillian's old college rival. <br /><br />By a quirky mishap of chance he finds himself moving into Gillian's building and is instantly "bewitched" by her charm and grace. By the use of Magick with a little help from Pyewacket (Gillian's familiar trained by Robert E. Blair) and Queenie Gillian begins to work on this handsome new dream man to get back at her old enemy.<br /><br />But Magick should never be used to control nor to hurt and Gillian learns that the hard way in the most bittersweet way. Not only does she have to face what she's done but she has to face Shep in her guilt. <br /><br />From the critical perspective; however the movie takes a serious turn: The effects are very dated to the point of being pure camp. Some of the scenery was seemingly shot in the basement of someone's small home but at least the characters were quirky and fun.<br /><br />On a personal note Pyewacket steals the show. Great cat! Great training by Robert E. Blair. <br /><br />As a Note of Trivia this is the roots for the beloved Bewitched television sitcom. This introduces the original Samantha and Darrin. All the characters of note are present and accounted for. You have but to look to see it for yourself.<br /><br />This is one of my favorites and I watch it often.<br /><br />This movie gets a 9.1/10 from...<br /><br />the Fiend :.
critique1155 This show was incredible but too esoteric for most people. If you had never truly seen a European variety show in the 70's or 80's (or at least a Mexican one) the entire show would probably be lost on you. If you had this show was a dead on skewering satire of the phony spectacle and shallowness that these shows dive into at their worst. Helmed by a chain-smoking suave wannabe with a pencil moustache and his ultra-glamorous and immasculating harridan of an EX-wife "Viva Variety" is a variety show that tries to get off the ground every episode but always descends into in-fighting and acts gone very wrong. The hosts are joined by "Johnny Bluejeans" a dim witted side-kick who seems to have been named because blue jeans are a very popular product in his country and that means the kids will like him which of course they don't.<br /><br />The result was a hilarious spoof of variety shows in general. Imagine the arguing that probably happened BACKSTAGE during the last days of the "Sonny & Cher Show". Now imagine it's happening ONSTAGE in front of you and the stars are trying to keep their composure. Now add cheesy acts and a Euro-riche mentality (tuxedoes gowns booze accents and smokes). NOW you have "Viva Variety".<br /><br />Have you ever heard a musician whose music was pretty much written for other musicians? Too conceptual? Viva Variety did this for comedians. WAY too esoteric for the standard American audience. It was funny as Hell. And doomed.
critique1156 This could be a 10 if it wasn't for the quite predictable and hollywood-ish scenario. Daniel Day-Lewis confirms its position as one of the leading actors of our time (why not THE leading may I ask) and the rest of the cast stand in a very high level. I personally was impressed with Hugh O' Connor who played Christy Brown as a child. The very first scene I watched him was really strong. Wow.
critique1157 I saw this little Belgian gem two days after seeing 'American Teen'. Make no mistake about it adolescence is a roller coaster ride be it American or European. 'Naissance des Pieuvres' (or as it is being called in the U.S. 'Water Lillies')is a tale of a young 15 year old girl (played by Pauline Acquartwho at times resembles a young Scarlett Johansson)acts the cool withdrawn girl who wants to be on the school swim team just to be close to another attractive girl (Adele Haenel). It's more than obvious that Marie is more than attracted to Floriane. Figuring among all of this is Marie's rather plump unattractive friend Anne who just wants a boyfriend like any other girl her age. Along the waywe are shown the usual array of teen pastimes (broken heartsshop liftingalcohol and/or drug usecasual sexetc.). This is a quiet little film that takes time to work it's way into your system (Michael Bay fanstake note:the pacing here is s-l-o-wso steer clear)but if you have no problem with this Water Lillies is a charmer. No rating herebut would pull down a hard "R" due to languagenudityadult situations.
critique1158 I don't have much to add to my summary this film ranks right up the there with Top Gun as one of the funniest films ever made while not trying to be. I for one don't think it should be taken seriously when watched as it is very enjoyable.<br /><br />I don't think it brings Christopher Walken's reputation down either as his reputation was on the wane back then anyway. It took Pulp Fiction to wake him from the slumber he had been in. As for Michael Ironside he has been in some of the great funny while not trying to be serious films. Total Recall Top Gun. What I think is amazing is the budget this movie had. The scenes and actors and explosions etc. are quite amazing so obviously someone liked it quite a lot and was willing to risk a lot of money. Whoever he or she was I like them because I love this film! <br /><br />If anyone reads this looking for information on McBain (and I seriously doubt there'll be too many) just know that it is a hilarious movie and should be viewed with a smile on your face!
critique1159 This is a family comedy -- in the very best senses of the term. Uncomplicatedly about faith and family Ann Blyth with the help of everybody's favorite Grandpa Edmund Gwenn gets divine help in lifting the O'Moyne's above the would-be vengeance schemes of Goldtooth McCarthy (John McIntire). Pure fun.
critique1160 Fires on the plain directed by Kon Ichikawa and written by Shohei Ooka and Natto Wada is a World War two movie which is finally not showing the allies fighting the axis powers but the Japanese fighting and struggling for their lives on the Philippines. The main characters name is Tamura  played by Eiji Funakoshi and he is a soldier leaving his regiment because of him being sick. All he has on him is a hand grenade his gun and some potatoes. Like this he is trying to make his way to the hospital in order to get a doctor and a cure for his disease. But since the hospital turned him away and gets destroyed he begins a long walk. Throughout the whole movie Tamura remains a bit cowardish but very civil when the other soldiers become more like animals by using their basic instincts for survival Tamura is still remaining human and would not degrade. A scene which has influenced me a lot to think positively and different about this war movie is when Tamura comes into a Phillipino village which is completely deserted. There he fights a dog and finds a lot of corpses of Japanese soldiers stacked up in front of a church. This makes Tamura think and even more scared than he already is. That shows that the soldier is not a brave killing machine but a servant to higher beings and human most importantly. After he turns away from the corpses two Phillipinos (a couple or brother and sister : very close relationship) return to the village in order to get their stash of salt back. The main character of the movie wants to be friendly at first although he walked up to them with his gun but shoots the woman once she starts screaming. Her brother/boyfriend/husband then runs away in fear and after a moment Tamura follows him and shoots wildly at the fleeing Filipino. He does not hit him. After Tamura picks up the bag of salt  something very precious  he drops his gun into a river. This gesture is very important in order to understand Kon Ichikawa's/Shohei Ooka's profiling of Tamura and the war. Comparing this movie to other World War 2 movies it is not typical at all. Of course all movies have suffering heroes but their heroes are more heroic than Tamura. He expresses everything that is human: he is getting manipulated  he is weak  he gets scared  he has hope. This is typical for Japanese World War two movies and for Japanese society. Since World War two is not a discussed theme in Japanese society Japanese are likely to put Japanese in the second World War in the role of the victim. This victimisation is also very visual in this movie. One of the examples is Tamura another one the piled up bodies of Japanese soldiers in front of the church and another important one is when the Japanese soldiers are trying to cross a street and the Americans are already waiting there for them and shooting all of the Japanese soldiers which have worse equipment and are fed worse and have no health equipment or anything alike. In my personal conclusion I have to say that it is worth seeing this film in order to finally see a movie from the other side than usual. It also has no nationalistic propaganda which could've been easily built in. Once you have watched the movie fully you will be able to see the horrors of the second World War to its total extent.
critique1161 Hayao Miyazaki has no equal when it comes to using hand-drawn animation as a form of storytelling yet often he is being compared to Walt Disney. That is just so unfair because it becomes apparent by watching Miyazaki's films that he is the superior artist. He really has a gift of thrilling both grownups and children and Laputa is indeed one awesome ride.<br /><br />But where can I begin to describe a movie so magical and breathtaking! Miyazaki's works have never cease to amaze me. Laputa is an adventure of a grand scale and I wonder how a film can be so packed with details and imagination. Ask yourself this question: if you are a kid dreaming of an adventure so grand in scope and so magical what would it be like? The answer would be to strap yourself in some seat and watch Laputa because it's truly a childhood fantasy come true. Every minute of the movie is rich and engrossing ... from the train chase to the amazing air-flying sequences... and to the wonderous sight of the floating castle itself. Not to mention the excellent score by Joe Hisaishi! Everything you ever possibly want from an adventure movie is here.
critique1162 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** I loved the set-up and consistently laughed throughout the entire movie. The acting was great with my favorite part being Howard's (Kevin Kline) attempts to be a "manly man". The fiance and parents did a great job as a supporting cast. Spoiler Warning: The acting of his conservative family's acceptance and attempts to be polite were heartwarming and believable. My only problem with the end was the fact that Howard was actually gay. The movie is set-up as a "be who you want to be" but the movie actually does the opposite. Howard's logic behind his "discovery" is the fact that he loves Barbra Streisand's movies and enjoys dancing to music. His mannerisms and tastes appear to be gay and it isn't until it is pointed out to him that he realizes it. Rather than setting Howard free it pigeon holes him. Oh he likes to dance to music than he must be gay. His confession at the marriage felt like a bending down to society's wishes. In the end the movie becomes a gay rights movie which was not the original course. It almost becomes bland with the rest. I believe the movie would had been ultimately better had Howard been straight. It would have been truer to the message.
critique1163 hi.. I consider Just Cause one of my favorite Sean Connery's movies it is a tense psychological thriller with excellent performances from the Cast especially Connery..it also has one of the best lines i have seen in movies so the dialog is pretty good in this one.. It also has one of the best scenes in movies ever when Sean interviews Ed Harris's character in prison is just fantastic..i enjoyed this one a lot and i can not recommend this enough really do not miss this one ! Do not pay attention to the negative reviews stating that the last 30 minutes suck it was as intense as the rest of the movie i really find Just Cause a very entertaining movie..
critique1164 I think that the basic idea of any movie is to entertain or to inform. If you want information you are looking at true life movies and historical movies. Sometimes these are one of the same. The other side of the coin is to entertain. Did Hitch entertain me? Yes it did. Okay the formula is standard. Boy meets girl or in this case boys met girls. They get together have a falling out then get back together. However the way it happened in this movie was refreshing. I particularly liked the bar scene with Hitch and Sara. The Allegra Albert romance was a delight to watch unfold most REAL men are shy when it comes to wooing the woman of their dreams and had I had Hitch's advice I would probably have got my wife up the altar in half the time.I read the first comment on this film that appeared to suggest that this movie was played safely and good have had a few more laughs. I tend to disagree there are so many laughs you can pack into a romantic comedy without turning it into a farce. Besides relationships have there serious moments. All in all I found Hitch quite entertaining the actors did a good job (I will be looking out for them in other movies) and Hitch is a film that I am very happy to have in my DVD collection.
critique1165 As Alan Rudolph's "Breakfast of Champions" slides into theaters with little fanfare and much derision it makes me think back to 1996 when Keith Gordon's "Mother Night" came out. Now for all the talk of Kurt Vonnegut being "unfilmable" it's surprising that he has gotten two superb cinematic treatments (the other being "Slaughter-house Five"). "Mother Night" is certainly one of the most underappreciated films of the decade and I cannot understand why. It's brilliant! It stays almost entirely faithful to Vonnegut's book (without being stilted or overly literary) and adds to it a poetry that is purely cinematic. How many film adaptations of any author's work can claim that? Vonnegut himself even puts in a cameo appearance towards the end of the film and can you ask for a better endorsement than that? Not only is it a beautiful film it is a beautifully acted written and directed film and it is among my picks for the top five or so American films of the 1990s. It's a mournful inspired surreal masterpiece that does not deserve to be neglected. I would sincerely encourage anyone to see "Mother Night" - it doesn't even take a familiarity with Vonnegut's work to fully appreciate it (as "Slaughter-house Five" sometimes does). It is a powerful affecting piece of cinema.
critique1166 Broken Bow takes us back to where it all began. Set 150 years in our future and 100 years before Kirk Spock and McCoy. This installment of the "Star Trek" franchise is in my opinion the first series since "TOS" to recapture the feelings of wonder danger and excitement of "Going Where No Man Has Gone Before". Scott Bakula is perfectly cast as Jonathan Archer the first Captain of the first "Star Ship Enterprise". He and the entire cast truly show a true reverence for the Star Trek legacy. John Billingsley is Brilliant as the alien Dr. Phlox and Jolene Blalock is totally luscious as the tempting but logical Vulcan science officer T'Pol. Broken Bow is in my opinion the best premier episode of any of the Treks and I believe Gene Roddenberry would surely be proud.
critique1167 For those curious this episode is based in theme upon Pirandello's play "Six Characters in Search of an Author" and Jean-Paul Sartre's play "No Exit" (as indicated most obviously by its title) but of course with a Sterling twist. <br /><br />Five very different individuals find themselves in a round room with no idea who they are other than the indication of their attire. A bell intermittently rings (perhaps also a Hemmingway allusion?) increasing the agony of their incarceration. The newcomer to the group a Major is determined to escape while the others are resigned to their fate. <br /><br />Unlike Pirandello these characters don't even have a story. They have nothing other than the experience of the room in their consciousness and no one to author their nonexistent story so their position is even more hopeless than the characters in Pirandello's piece. Unlike both Pirandello and Sartre there is no relationship involved between the characters and therefore no real conflict between them though the theme of personal responsibility versus apathy is prominent in this story. <br /><br />Though this diverges significantly from the storyline of the authors alluded to in the title themes of Sartre and Pirandello (and many other authors of the twentieth century) come through with absolute clarity. This is very obviously a piece which addresses post-modernist perspective in the context of the Cold War era. There is also an emphasis upon issues of personal insignificance. <br /><br />This is easily one of the best episodes I've seen and still exceptionally relevant to current experience (as are Sartre and Pirandello). Exactly what makes a good piece of writing into a classic.
critique1168 The movie was totally Awesome and Cool. The graphics was superb and it was amazing Especially Flik was superb and awesome in the movie and he was funny and he was and sometimes he was intelligent. The circus bugs are colorful and they are superb in the movie. The grasshoppers were also superb and cool in the movie. Hopper was a pure and perfect villain. Even Dot was cute. When the bird comes to eat the bugs that scene was superb and good. Even the last scene was awesome and cool. Even Flik's inventions was good. Building an artificial bird was a good idea to scare away the grasshoppers. When the ants are building the artificial bird that scene was good and nice I should really appreciate the creators of "A Bug's Life".
critique1169 i was a projectionist while in the U.S.A.F. and remember this movie very well. we had just been set up with Stereo Sound!! o-o-o-o-o!! well it Was a big deal in 1959. instructions came with the reels. the overture played while the projected curtain image was closed and i followed suit with the theater curtain closed too. for intermission the theater curtain was closed and after five minutes i restarted the movie with the projection curtain closed while music used as a curtain call to the second part. being the first stereo movie i had ever seen and being such a huge musical production i certainly enjoyed watching it every time i showed it for the run.
critique1170 It was a doubly interesting experience. For some reason the greatest scientific mind of the 20th Century had never been the central figure in a movie*. The closest I can think of as films with Einstein in them are CHAMPAIGN FOR CAESAR where (like a "deus ex ma-china") the great man is heard clarifying a point on a radio quiz show so that Ronald Colman is proved to have given the correct answer after all and in BULLSHOT where the great Albert is one of a dozen leading physicists and scientists who are drugged with cannabis by the villain intent on stealing some machines of theirs. It is notable that in those two cases and in IQ we are dealing with comedies. So far nobody has tried to do a serious film about the life of Einstein like John Huston's attempt to do one on FREUD with Montgomery Cliff. I guess it is just too hard to get the world of mathematical equations or the secrets of electro-magnetic field theory into exciting dialog. But then only three years ago Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer did A BEAUTIFUL MIND. Maybe nobody really has tried.<br /><br />(*Subsequently after writing this I remembered the successful comedy YOUNG EINSTEIN with Yahoo Serious about ten years ago. But that is an exception and it was a spoof.)<br /><br />The other surprise was the actor playing the great Albert. It was Walter Matthau here taking time away from the series of films he did with Jack Lemmon in that last decade of their careers. Matthau was a highly capable and gifted character actor in both comedy and drama but normally his comic personas were variants of his "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich from THE FORTUNE COOKIE. They were connivers and gonifs. Later they would shed their criminal propensities because we had grown to like them but they remained grumpy types. But his Albert Einstein happens to be genuinely sweet. More like his Kotch than like Willie Clarke.<br /><br />He plays Albert as good old uncle Albert. It seems that Matthau's Einstein is living in Princeton with his niece Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan) and she is seeing a stuffy professor named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Fry's car needs repairs and they take it to the auto shop where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins falls for Ryan who is attracted to him - but finds that he lacks the mental equipment that she admires. Good old uncle Albert aided by his three friends (Lou Jacobi Joseph Maher and Gene Saks) decide to give their assistance to Robbins and make him an apparently unrecognized physics genius. This will open the doors of romance between him and Ryan provided Ryan is impressed and Fry does not spoil things (as he hopes to do).<br /><br />The atmosphere is sweet as when Matthau and his chums rig up a super physics quiz that they help Robbins cheat on (by switching the positions of their bodies). The plot eventually leads to the outright lie that the brilliant Robbins has constructed an atomic powered rocket ship - which brings in the interests of the nation in the figure of President Eisenhower (Keene Curtis).<br /><br />It was a charming comedy and an interesting stretch for Matthau in that he was not as hyper as normal but far more subdued.
critique1171 This is the second movie about 1985 the other one was 'The Wedding Singer'. Whilst the 'Wedding Singer' was portraying the pop side of the 80's 'Rock Star' is all about metal.<br /><br />Mark Wahlberg plays a talented singer in a tribute band of some famous rock act of the time and Jennifer Aniston plays his girlfriend. When his fixation rewards him his whole life changes in a day.<br /><br />The story doesn't get too dramatic and it only scratches the surface of the life of a rock star. Sex and drugs are very limited in this movie but it is full of Rock'n Roll! The music is fantastic and the concerts are directed brilliantly! The whole concert feeling is very well captured since they used real audiences (no cgi here).<br /><br />Great direction and a brilliant performance by Marky Mark who acts like a true metal dude!<br /><br />'Rock Star' is all about fun and if you had anything to do with the old metal scene you are going to love this movie!<br /><br />10/10
critique1172 'Loulou' delights in the same way an expensive high quality French wine does. It leaves you with a very fine aftertaste.<br /><br />'Loulou's theme isn't new. The film doesn't carry an original plot either. Its colored picturing shows fine but not extraordinary. Its setting is serious. Its elegant styling never and nowhere puts any weight on your mind.<br /><br />Whatever one further may say about 'Loulou' it's beyond doubt that this very French film stands out for its excellent acting. The three leads convincingly reflect all numerous doubts and tenses sparkling between them making the plot alive. Their acting fully invites you to participate to make friends.<br /><br />For those around at the time 'Loulou' also provides an extra bonus: its perfectly captured mood of 1980.
critique1173 I saw this movie in September with my mother. I was expecting a good movie and I saw an excellent one. This is now my most treasured movie. It did not leave me after I left the theater. The situations in this movie reminded me of my late grandmother. Meryl Streep and Renee Zellweger were equally incredible. This movie has made me realize how important family relationships are. Rent it. I can't recommend it enough.
critique1174 This unfortunately is a little-known film.....i say "unfortunately" because it ranks up there with the "classics" of the American silent screen!<br /><br />It's about a legend of a "phantom chariot" that travells all over the world picking up the souls of those who have died. The legend says tha the last person to die on New Year's Eve is condemned to drive the chariot for the next whole year.<br /><br />It brings to mind the sequence of the "Ghost of Future Yet To Come" in Dicken's famous "Christmas Carol".<br /><br />The double-exposure effects of the ghosts (esp. when they interact with the "live" people) are EXCELLENT! <br /><br />If you love silent films you MUST see THIS; it will "blow you away"!<br /><br />Norm Vogel<br /><br />Norm's Old Movie Heaven http://www.nvogel.com/film/film.html
critique1175 In the end credits of "Shadows" after we read 'directed by John Cassavetes' some white letters on the screen can be seen: "The film you have just seen is improvised" they say. I am always pursuing the fact that words are so important in movies since filmmakers started using them because basically there's no film without a screenplay and many other reasons.<br /><br />Cassavetes pursued the same goal and he believed in the freedom of words; "Shadows" is the perfect example. It's a film with no real main characters with no real main plot lines; it's mostly people in different situations talking. Yes some of the situations are connected but Cassavetes apparently always in a rush to get to the talking uses a fast forward technique when the characters are going somewhere or escaping from someone and are not speaking.<br /><br />Appearances are everything in this movie. For example there's a brilliant score full of jazz influences and a lot of fantastic solos and there's one character that says he's a jazz musician and plays the trumpet (Ben all the characters' names are the same names the actors'). However we never see him play the trumpet or jam with a band; he doesn't even talk about music and just wanders with his friends around the city. They do talk a lot and about anything that's in their minds; going from how intelligent each of them are to the hilarious analysis of a sculpture.<br /><br />"Shadows" is funny in its intellectual references in parts like the one above because these friends are not cultured. The only important female character in the film (Lelia) though wants to be an intellectual. But again she has one very interesting conversation with an older man at a party about a book she's trying to write and about how to confront reality; but nothing to do with being intellectual. At that same party a woman is actually making an intellectual statement full of complexity and asks a guy beside her: "Do you agree?". "Yes" he says but you can tell he doesn't know what she's talking about.<br /><br />Another character a singer (Hugh) talks about his glory days in occasions and we see him perform only once; but no references to the musical industry there. The focus of Cassavetes is the singer's relationship with his manager (Rupert) which most of the time involves chats about trivial stuff and not real 'musical' talks. So the trumpet player's important deal in "Shadows" is the time he spends with his friends; the intellectual wannabe girl's is her way of handling romantic relationships (one of the movie's strong points) and the singer's is the bond with his managerÃ‚Â…Appearances.<br /><br />The reason why performances are not important in this movie is simple. Cassavetes needed people who could master improvisation without mattering if they were actually good. I believe some of them aren't but they surely know how to improvise in a scene and you can notice how well they do it. "Shadows" is not about performers; it's about a way of making cinema based on the magic of conversation; and there you could say that performances mean something.<br /><br />That's why in every conversation the camera is like a stalker constantly on the eyes of every character constantly looking for the expressions that come with natural speech. There's a scene where the trumpet player and his friends are trying to pick up some girls. They are three so each of them sits beside one girl (the girls are three two) in three different tables. They all talk at the same time and the camera shoots through the table and sometimes the friends look at each other while they say whatever they are sayingÃ‚Â…It's natural.
critique1176 One Dark Night has a typical teen horror film set-up with a quite a unique twist. The ultra-brooding musical score and Gothic/claustrophobic atmosphere adds greatly to this small film that delivers. Meg Tilly is excellent as "Julie" and leads us through the maze of the mausoleum giving a sense of foreboding and loneliness. The other teens are equally effective in their roles as is Melissa Newman the ultimate heroine of the film. The special effects are excellent though dated. This film is highly overlooked but that may be good so that it was never ruined by endless sequels. There is a great dark magic flowing through this film; once tapped into you really get it and you're in for some fun. The double-disc DVD is available though the original negative could not be found to restore the film. Maybe someday it will be located. I guess in some ways the carbon speckles in parts do help the film by giving it an old school respectability and making it more unexpected at the end when suddenly there are plenty of effects.<br /><br />The second disc has a rough cut/alternate version with a temp score version of the film that gives more explanation of the demise of two of the girls very Poe-ish("The Cask of Amontillado" comes to mind in a new way!) Also great ending tension going in on the dark crypt opening. Not sure it had the punch for main stream audiences but certainly worked for me and extremely creepy.. . also there is a making of documentary that is interesting because it gives info on what was going on at the time with the actors crew director and writer; candid material then current logos discussions of shots and scenes rehearsals. Very unique that this stuff exists for a small film back then.
critique1177 I would give this movie high marks for the cinema-photography and performances. I just read a user comment concerning the performance of the actress who plays a conniving courtesan who fleeces Sinuoeh the lead character. I remember a mini-biography of this actress following the movie the last time I saw it. Apparently she was a Holocaust refugee discovered by a French husband and wife in the movie industry who were taken with her extraordinary beauty. She died very young and under tragic circumstances. Gene Tierney is also outstanding in this film. Like other neo-Biblical films of the 1940's and 50s "The Egyptian" reflects the morals and values of that time but is still great entertainment because the performances are terrific and the story so well told.
critique1178 Shirley Knight plays Sara Ravenna a Long Island housewife who runs away from her marriage when she discovers she is pregnant. She plans to drive into America's heartland and start anew. Along the way she picks up a friendly hitchhiker (James Caan) who calls himself 'Killer.' Soon she discovers that the good natured 'Killer' is actually brain damaged and by picking him up she has unknowingly taken on a huge responsibility. The two of them drive all the way to Nebraska where Sara gets Killer a job helping out at a roadside reptile farm. It is here that Sara meets Gordon a local cop and soon things go horribly wrong for everyone.<br /><br />This is a powerful drama about people disconnected from society alienated by the choices they make or by the limits imposed on them by others. Even with such a low budget and a very freewheeling attitude the film is able to capture everything that needs to be said through these clearly defined characters. Shirley Knight has a complex diverging role and there are moments of some awe-inspiring acting by her. One of my favorites is when she is on the telephone calling her home to her worried husband the first time. It is such a tense scene on both ends and in every small gesture and inflection of a word so much about her is spoken with so little. Then comes in the character of 'Killer' played by James Caan. This character is unlike any I've ever seen him play and he performs wonderfully. It's one of his best performances as he is very restrained and moving.<br /><br />The way Coppola develops the characters by using short dream-like flashbacks is very clever adding a fragmented kind of view onto it all. The quick flashbacks that are graphic and self-contained contrast well with the longer shots in some crucial scenes. Also because this film was shot on location all over the Eastern U.S. it offers an interesting authentic look at America in the late 1960's.<br /><br />I haven't seen many other films starring Ms. Knight I'm only familiar with her more recent work on television usually playing a nagging mother in law or a dotty old woman. It was great seeing her so young beautiful and so wonderfully subtle in this movie. It's also kind of a shame that James Caan went on to be typecast as the 'tough guy' for the rest of his career because this film evidenced that he is capable of so much more than that.
critique1179 After learning that her sister Susan is contemplating divorce Kate decides to travel to the distraught woman's remote country home and spend some time with her. When Kate arrives however Susan is nowhere in sight. That's because someone has murdered her and stuffed the body in a trunk in the basement. As a storm rages outside Kate tries to figure out where her sister could have gone and places her own life in great danger...the killer is still on the premises! In her first post-BEWITCHED vehicle Elizabeth Montgomery gives a solid dramatic performance. Merwin Gerard's teleplay is based on a short story by McKnight Malmar. Malmar's tale was first brought to television in 1962 as an episode of Boris Karloff's THRILLER anthology series. THRILLER stuck very closely to the story which is kind of a pity for it could have used a little punching up. Granted Malmar wrote a moderately creepy number but Gerard (creator of the ONE STEP BEYOND show) adds several clever ingredients that heighten the tension and suspense.
critique1180 Relish every moment of this languorous spectacle with music to match (Mahler's 5th is gorgeous but listen to the vocal portion of the 3rd symphony so beautifully utilised in this film). There are many aspects to this film but the main subject is the overpowering force of beauty its spontaneous nature absence of logic for love and adoration. I am also an ardent fan of Bogarde and believe he was rarely as wonderful (try him in "The Servant" however). Note: I recommmend multiple viewings.
critique1181 Logan Lerman & Dean Collins III of Jack & Bobby Fame provide a nice touch of familiarity as friends in this even if not maybe as close as they may be on Jack & Bobby but the expressions of young students taking their stand for a good cause is very well expressed in this movie.Logan Lerman may be seemingly typecast in roles of being "different" as thusly seen from here as is seen in this as well as in Jack and Bobby.The Movie also opens up with a very nice tune coined as a lost 45 "And I'm Wondering where the lions are?"A song which I'd Always heard on the speaker @ my old Job of ChristmasTreeShops and got it played on my local radio show of The Lost45s hosted by Barry Scott but the last time of which I suggested this with this movie as it's dedication but the dedication was left out.Environmentalist demonstration is well expressed in this movie too for the protection of the ground owls as seen in this movie too.What a hoot too this movie is.HootSogive a hoot in the tradition of the Woodsey Owl Commercials of the 1970s too. Truthfully Stephen "Steve" G. Baer a.k.a."Ste".
critique1182 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1183 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1184 I remember seeing this film when it first came out in 1982 & loved it then. About 4 years later I had the privilege of seeing Luciano Pavarotti sing at the Metropolitan Opera house in New York (in Tosca) so seeing the ending of this film reminds me very much of that great night. What's not to like about this film? The music is brilliant and Pavarotti (Fini) was at his best and still looked great. The story is actually very funny in parts & the 'food fight' scene is still one of the funniest I have ever seen. The hot air balloon flight over the Napa valley was beautiful & so was the song he sang "If we were in love" (one of the few times Pavarotti sang in English). And hearing the duet of Santa Lucia gorgeous. Get real folks this was a film about an opera singer called Georgio Fini who just happened to be played by Pavarotti. Kathryn Harrold & Eddie Albert were excellent in their supporting roles.<br /><br />I am VERY glad that I still have this almost worn out VHS tape of this movie but I would love this to be released on DVD especially now that Pavarotti is no longer with us because I think this includes the best performance of Nessun Dorma sung by him still on film today!
critique1185 First of all this movie is 34 minutes long which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent less time than you would have watching most other movies. Second of all--you need to do this. This sensational short film explores the potential of animation through a world of playful or horrifying but always powerful images. Cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky and pigs eating their own fried flesh--that's only the beginning. The scenes and images extraordinary on their own flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands re-watching. Furthermore the DVD includes an amazing director's commentary which given the extremely spare dialog only enhances the viewing. The commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes but also provides priceless quotes on the crafting of Cat Soup along the lines of: "well the artists were asking what we should do in this scene but I didn't know myself so its hard to say why it turned out as it did" (that's a bad paraphrase by the way). Also the sound throughout the film is very high quality very precise and very moody. In all the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:<br /><br />First viewing: Watch the DVD without the commentary. Second viewing: Watch the DVD WITH the commentary. Third viewing: Rewatch without the commentary.<br /><br />Once you've watched it three times however you're not going to stop there...
critique1186 I saw Heartland when it was first released in 1980 and I have just seen it again. It improves with age. Heartland is not just for lovers of "indie" films. At a time when most American films are little more than cynical attempts to make money with CGI pyrotechnics and/or vulgarity Heartland holds up as a slice of American history. It is also a reminder of how spoiled most of us modern urbanized Americans are.<br /><br />Nothing in this film is overstated or stagey. No one declaims any Hollywood movie speeches. The actors really inhabit their roles. This really feels like a "small" film but really it is bigger than most multizillion-dollar Hollywood productions.<br /><br />The film is based on the lives of real people. In 1910 Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell who has never done anything better than this) a widow with a 7-year-old daughter Jerrine (Megan Folsom) is living in Denver but wants more opportunities. She advertises for a position as housekeeper. The ad is answered by Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn one of our most under-appreciated actors) a Scots-born rancher himself a widower with a homestead outside of Burnt Fork Wyoming. Elinore accepts the position (seven dollars a week!) and moves up to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter move into Stewart's tiny house on the property. It is rolling treeless rangeland a place of endless vistas where the silence is broken only by the sounds made by these people and their animals. It's guaranteed to make a person feel small. The three characters go for long periods without seeing another human soul. What is worse Stewart turns out to be taciturn to the point of being almost silent. "I can't talk to the man" Elinore complains to Grandma Landauer. "You'd better learn before winter" replies Grandma. Grandma (Lilia Skala) is one of the only two other characters who are seen more than fleetingly. She came out to Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years before and runs her ranch alone now that she is also widowed. Grandma is their nearest neighbor (and the local midwife) and still she lives ten miles away! The other supporting character is Jack the hired hand (Barry Primus).<br /><br />Elinore's routine (and her employer's) is one of endless backbreaking labor where there are no modern conveniences and where everything must be made fixed or done by hand. This is the real meat of the film: Watching the ordinary life of these ranchers as they struggle against nature to wrest a living from the land. But despite the constant toil and fatigue Elinore is always looking for other opportunities. She learns that the tract adjacent to Stewart's is unclaimed. Impulsively she files a claim on the property (twelve dollars or almost two weeks' pay!) meaning that if she lives on it (and she must actually live there) and works it for ten years she will get the deed to it. Naturally Stewart learns what she has done. With merciless logic he points out that with no money no livestock no credit and no assets she has no chance of succeeding. He then offers a solution: He proposes marriage. The stunned Elinore realizes that this is the only real alternative and accepts.<br /><br />We think that Stewart's proposal is purely Machiavellian---he wants the land and the free labor---but we see that in fact he is genuinely fond of Elinore and they grow together as a couple. She becomes pregnant; she goes into labor in the middle of a midwinter blizzard; Clyde travels for hours on horseback through the storm the ten miles to Grandma's and the ten miles back only to announce that Grandma wasn't there. This is more like real life than is pleasant folks. Elinore has the baby all by herself with no help whatsoever. Their son is still an infant when he gets sick and dies. They lose half their livestock to the vicious winter. They struggle on. The last sequence in the film is supposed to be optimistic: The birth of a calf. Clyde calls Elinore urgently to help him deliver the calf. Instead of being head first the calf is in a footling breech presentation. He and Elinore must physically pull the calf out of the birth canal. There is no CGI animatronics trickery fakery or special effects: What you see is what happened folks: A calf is born on a bed of straw in a wooden barn by lamplight. With that the film does not so much end as simply stop leaving the viewer unsatisfied but after a while you appreciate the film as a whole not just for its ending.<br /><br />This little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness. It will be watchable long after most of the films of the last generation have long been forgotten.
critique1187 I became a fan of the TV series `Homicide: Life on the Street' late in the show's run but became a fan very quickly. It was a cop show unlike any other: visually different in its use of hand-held cameras taking the viewer everywhere with its multiethnic and mutiracial cast and their varying and fascinating personalities and that it covered all of the good and bad of a police department including the corruption and personality clashes that bubble up to the surface. <br /><br />Homicide: The Movie the reunion follow-up to the series is as good as a made-for-television film can be. After Lt. Giardello (Yaphet Kotto) now a candidate for mayor of Baltimore is shot the series' cast members are back to help find the killer. In addition the cast members who left the force and those who died also manage to have their place in the film. The intensity and fire that marked the series return and the script bristles with the same fire that marked the series. All in all a terrific TV movie.<br /><br />Vote: 9
critique1188 Nicely filmed a little uneven "Nobody" is a good evening's entertainment. The plot is simple enough--three yuppies get into a scrap with a group of strangers in a bar and it turns out to be much more than they bargained for. The acting is decent and there are a few unexpected twists. Watch for the completely unbelievable (like the 10 shot revolver and 25 shot semi-automatic handgun).
critique1189 Paul Rudnick (Jeffrey Addams Family Values) wrote this frothy tale of a mild mannered school teacher (Kevin Kline) who is outted on the Academy Awards by a former student-turned-actor (Matt Dillon). The rest of the film deals with the absurdities revolving around this setup -the effect on the town his fiancee (Joan Cusack) himself- and climaxes with an everybody-loves-everybody finale.<br /><br /> If you're an angry gay rights activist or a naive youth looking for an accurate portrayal of a man's struggle to come out or a 'true' depiction of gay life then save yourself the trouble and rent something else (maybe Beautiful Thing) or read a book (Giovanni's Room). If you are able to understand that this film was inspired by the piousness of Tom Hanks's speech on the Academy Awards when he won for Philadelphia and pokes fun at Hollywood culture and small town ignorance and you have a fondness for '30's screwball comedy (Bringing Up Baby Holiday The Palm Beach Story) then enjoy! Far from being a biting satire the film tries for the exuberance of a Preston Sturges farce and comes damn close. No it's not 'deep' or 'powerful' -neither were Romy & Michelle 9 to 5 or Young Frankenstein- and it doesn't pretend to be; it keeps it's tongue-firmly-in-cheek. It gets too preachy and maudlin for its own good toward the end and sure some of the jokes are a bit stale (there's also a locker room scene that could have been cut) but after sitting through countless comedies that misfire it's like a breath of fresh air.<br /><br /> Kevin Kline and Tom Selleck are wonderfully game while Debbie Reynolds and Wilford Brimley add fine support. The excellent Joan Cusack's award winning performance is stellar and the great Bob Newhart is well Bob Newhart. <br /><br /> The fact that many have been offended by In & Out is as absurd as the mentality of the townsfolk it pokes fun at; personally I was more offended by Philadelphia. I'll take harmless fluff over sanctimoniousness anytime.
critique1190 Everyone should totally see this movie! It's freaking scary but doesn't resort to lame "jump-out-at-you-just-to-surprise-you-and-pass-it-off-as-scary" things. It really is great. See this freaking awesome movie!!! The director is Stanley Kubrick easily the greatest director who ever lived. Every single one of his movies are masterpieces including this one. The Shining is about this family that goes to a hotel in the Colorado Rockies as caretakers for the winters and get snowed in. Well the house is haunted. The kid is psychic. The husband is easily impacted by evil haunted hotels and...well...HILARITY ENSUES!!!! Not really. It becomes this gripping thriller where stuff gets thrown at the viewer from all different directions and it gets scary. Not just the classic "Here's Johnny" scene. It's memorable but can't speak for the whole movies. It's one of those things where words don't explain it adequately and you just gotta see it. So go on Netflix and get it! GEEEEEETTTTTTTT ITTTTTTTT!!!!!!!
critique1191 This is one of the few movies that was recommended to me as absolutely brilliant that really is. If you give this movie a low note than you really missed the point. You could describe Fosca as manipulative but what if it is really serious that she gets ill when the love she is sure of isn't answered. But what would you do when you are sure that the other one loves you and is 'only' rejected by the fact that you are ugly. Wouldn't you fight for it. At least I think it is better to fight for it that die in bitterness. And it reminds me of the fact how I as a man react at first sight completely on the physical ugliness of Fosca and don't look further at the person she is or might be. This movie confronts me with very solemn questions about respect trust feeling manipulated and so on. How do I now if someone manipulates me or is just trying everything to make contact? What I think to be the most outstanding feature in this movie is that Ettore Scola made it absolutely believable that Giorgio falls in love with Fosca.
critique1192 I first saw this movie when I was about 12 years old. It has been one of my favorites since... It's so perfect in all it's glory complete with awesome soundtrack cheesy dialog and it was both hilarious and terribly sad. The first movie I really just had a fit about at the end... I won't ruin it for you guys but boy is it a tear jerker... I just remember feeling SO sad for Gary! What a bunch of cool characters in this movie it's genius!!! They are all so great even the nerdy girl Gary doesn't like...(she had a nice little body though). I can't believe all the girls go for Rick he is such a sleaze ball with his handkerchief tied around his neck!!! ha ha ha... When watching this movie be prepared for lots of sex jokes complete with sexually transmitted diseases(almost). But a love story at heart with real problems dealing from insecurity to life altering decisions that make you think and feel genuine sorrow for the cast. I love this movie !!! If you like Valley Girl another all time classic you will too!
critique1193 Excellent performance. There still are good actors around! Also great directing and photography. Very true to Shakespear and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans. Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face which makes it the more interesting. Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl but deadly in her taste for blood and evil. If you love death and decay and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.
critique1194 In the year 1990 the world of Disney TV cartoons was certainly at it's prime. Shows like Chip n Dale Rescue Rangers DuckTales and Gummi Bears was already popular and now Disney made another great cartoon and that cartoon brought the birth of the Disney Afternoon. That cartoon is called TaleSpin. It's about old Jungle Book character Baloo the Bear as he gets a job in the plane business. In the series he meets Kit Cloudkicker former Air Pirate and good cloud surfer business lady Rebecca Cunningham and her hyperactive daughter Molly. This series is very funny and has tons of great puns that you may not understand as a kid but understand later on in life. This is one cleverly written series and it's great to add to your DVD collection. Parents buy this for your kids rather letting them watch all of those horrible Nickelodeon cartoons. If you liked TaleSpin then check out "Darkwing Duck" and "Goof Troop". Spin it!
critique1195 If you want Scream or anything like the big-studio horror product that we get forced on us these days don't bother. This well-written film kept me up thinking about all it had to say. Importance of myth in our lives to make it make sense how children interpret the world (and the violence in it) our ransacking of the environment and ignorance of its history and legends.. all here but not flatly on the surface. You could technically call it a "monster movie" even though the Wendigo does not take physical form until the end and then it's even up to you and your beliefs as to what's happening with the legendary spirit/beast. Some standard thriller elements for those looking just for the basics and the film never bores though in fact the less you see of the creature the better. Fessenden successfully continues George Romero's tradition of using the genre as parable and as a discussion forum while still keeping us creeped out.
critique1196 This is a funny movie. The Bob & Eddie Show feel of it could lead to a sequel but I doubt it will make enough money. <br /><br />Deniro proves he can be a great Straight man again with some hilarious and spontaneous moments. Eddie was fun to watch working with people instead of CGI animals and rodents. Rene Russo- well she's just fun to watch anyway and she's played her part excellent.<br /><br />Some wild and unusual stunts especially the garbage truck scene. This was worth seeing in the theater. We needed a good laugh and got many from the movie and the great out-takes at the end. DO NOT LEAVE at the start of the credits!<br /><br />At least a 7.
critique1197 This version of "The Lost Horizon" is actually not a bad film at all. I think the problem is people like to pick on musicals especially those made in the 70s. I saw the film upon its original release in 1973 (I was ten) and really enjoyed it the music especially. (Burt Bacharach has always been a favorite.) The story is fun the acting is good and technically it's excellent. Sure there are one or two rather silly dance numbers but hey you can't win 'em all. I have this film on video and watch it every so often...and I enjoy it each and every time!
critique1198 The people who are bad-mouthing this film are those who don't understand film to begin with. These are the people who love movie blockbusters and adverse to any movie that doesn't star Leonardo DiCaprio. Wilder Napalm is a neat little film that may seem quirky and maybe even stupid at first but what it lacks in plot it more than makes up for in substance.<br /><br />One thing in particular about the movie that impressed me was it's use of music which plays a large part. Those students of film music will notice how important music is in the movie both in Vida and Wilder's life and in the background. Wilder's theme Vida's theme and Wallace's theme are all heard in the opening sequence and it is funny how some of the lyrics play out. For instance in the scene where the men are singing "Duke of Earl" Vida is with Wilder when the men sing something like "She is my girl" and then she goes over to Wallace to give him something when the men sing the lyric "She will be my girl" cleverly showing the tension between the two brothers There are all sorts of little intricacies like this inside the movie and while it may look like a flop on the outside the real student of film will notice how good this movie really is.
critique1199 Of course this came out right at the beginning of the 1980s. Of course it did. Those drama students dancing in the street to Irene Cara's famous theme song it's an indelible eighties leg-warmer style image. But there's more to the film than that. There's deprivation and one man's struggle to learn to read and a struggle with sexuality and an attack on a child and one girl tricked into taking topless photographs and contemplation of suicide. In the end though it is also about that song.
critique1200 This was a very faithful presentation of Lewis's life in the mid-50's. The dialogue on theology and the banter with his follow colleagues was exceptionally good. Michael White's book "C.S. Lewis: Creator of Narnia" deals with this time frame in a very parallel way. Joss Ackland's acting was superb in catching the unemotional Lewis. The movie took great pains to be presented in an accurate English setting. The development of a strong bond between "Jack" (his preferred name) Lewis and Douglas Gresham Joy's son from her previous marriage was enjoyable to watch. The movie did avoid the distasteful element of "Warnie" Lewis's (Jack's older brother) drinking problem but it would not have moved the story on so it is best left out.
critique1201 What can I say? I know this movie from start to finish. It's hilarious. It's an strong link to my past and will change the way I view film in the future. Hypothetically speaking :) The down-fall? There's no Socrates Johnson!
critique1202 This movie is utterly hilarious. Its cast clicks immediately with frame one and takes us on a wonderful ride through spoofing gangster films. The conflict of brother vs. brother appears when Johnny's brother becomes a do-gooder D.A. However the best character is Johnny's crimelord rival the overly accented Moroni. As Johnny says "That man should be arrested for butchering the English language."<br /><br />Check it out on video. It's worth a look.
critique1203 I just finished viewing this finely conceived and beautifully acted/directed movie. It was nip and tuck as to whether I was going to waste my time viewing a movie on the Lifetime Movie Network because of the horribly distracting commercials. Reading the earlier comments persuaded me to give it a shot. After all the worst that could happen would be that I might fall asleep during one of the boring yet lengthy bug spray ads. So why did I watch it? mainly because when IMDB gives a movie a "WEIGHTED AVERAGE" OF 5.8 WHO'S STATISTICAL AVERAGE was 7.3 It must be a sure hit.<br /><br />I was totally delighted to have taken the time to view this movie commercial pox and all. Helen Hunt continues to amaze me with her ability to take on tough roles adapting her core persona to fit each role.<br /><br />The portrait she painted in this film of the tough yet perceptively human police officer was beautifully executed. When the scene calls for quick witted timely delivered verbal intercourse she can stand toe to toe with any actor. Yet she is adept at the delivery of volumes of emotional response without uttering a word relying only on facial expression and body language. Without the commercials which by design kill the continuity of any good film This would have been a real edge-of-the-seat nail-biter. I gave it a 9.0
critique1204 Somewhere near the bottom of the film studio ladder you can find companies like U.F.O Troma and beneath them lie Seduction cinema.<br /><br />Seduction is a direct to video production company that specialize in lesbian themed non-hardcore erotic movies. It has developed a very dedicated fan base that purchase each new title as they are released but sadly the company has become too closely associated with frequent star Misty Mundae. I say sadly because recent mainstream interest and her appearance on the show Masters of Horrors has caused her to set her sights a little higher than the zero budget S.C efforts which forces the company to find a new identity. But back in their glory days they released this film on a very appreciative world.<br /><br />The gorgeous Misty Mundae is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of a absent father. At the school she meets her absurdly hot room-mate played by Ruby Larocca who immediately has designs on her but the headmistress (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In typical S.C style the movie stops every ten minutes for a extended sex scene but unlike most of their efforts this one has a somewhat interesting story and a couple of good performances. Ms. Larocca appears to be having a great time as the sexual predator who views Misty as a tasty meal and Darian Caine makes a welcome (though brief) appearance as Satan. This is the sort of film that Jess Franco would crank out in the 70s (although this one does not have the hardcore sex that Franco was always willing to throw in for foreign sales) and fans of that madman's work would be wise to give this one a go.<br /><br />To me as a long time zero budget cinema fan (and Troma worshiper) I came across the Seduction cinema films through their parody films (Playmate of the apes Who wants to be a erotic billionaire) but I actually prefer their more original works. You either see past the low budget and occasionally weak acting or you get hung up on these things and just hate all of these films. For me the most obvious thing that unites these no-budget movies is a real sense of fun. These low budget companies are able to create their own unique style which gives the viewer something very different from the bland by the numbers studio efforts that load up the multiplexes.<br /><br />If you have never seen a Seduction cinema film either this or Sin Sisters (featuring both of the Mundae sisters) are excellent choices to begin with. This one is a fun fast paced film (although the frequent exterior shots of the school do get a little old) and the DVD is totally loaded with extras including a ton of previews of other company offerings a great behind the scenes featurette and some deleted scenes including a alternate opening. I do recommend you pass on the disc's bonus feature the first film by director as it is quite weak and not really worth viewing.
critique1205 I am a big fan a Faerie Tale Theatre and I've seen them all and this is one of the best! It's funny romantic and a classic. I recommend this for all ages. It's great for little kids because it's well Cinderella and great for adults and teen because it's funny and not over the top. I watched it when I was little and I still watch it now. It has great lines that my family and I quote all the time. The acting is great and it never gets old. If you like fairy tales and romances you will love this. I've watched many a Cinderella movie in my time and this is the best of them all. (Sorry Disney) I highly recommend this movie and all the Faerie Tale Theatre shows. They all appeal to all ages and are all unique and very entertaining.
critique1206 This is a very funny movie easy to watch that entertains you almost all the time. The work of the Director is recognizable and the type of humor is his trademark. The movie is a typical police partners history like lethal weapon but the jokes and comedy are of Argentinian sort. The twist is that one of them is a psychologist played by Peretti and has to go with detective Diaz (played by Luque) on his assignments while he also assist him (Diaz is troubled because his wife cheated on him). Some of the dialogs are hilarious worldwide: understandable and laughable anywhere. Is very good overall it would deserved an 8 but I rated 7 because it gets a little down at the end. On a personal remark I must add that is a "bravo" for Argentinian Filmmakers considering the little good is coming lately.
critique1207 This movie is one of my all time favorites. I have watched it probably 100 times (literally) and it is still funny to me. It seems that every time I watch it I see something different. Mel Brooks is definitely the all time King of side splitting comedy.
critique1208 The Residents are a band known for their strange appearances and odd musical stylings so obviously their music videos aren't going to be exactly normal. In fact these little videos are abnormal and bizarre but have a huge artistic value to them. The atmosphere is built with lighting and thoughtful visuals. It's a great watching experience.<br /><br />Basically Icky Flix just consists of many Residents music videos made for their songs. The music itself ranges from rock to synthesized music that sounds like it's straight out of an 80s horror film. What doesn't change is the quality of these videos. They're great!<br /><br />Any fan of art films will love these. They're so original with their visuals and the angles they are filmed at and the lighting especially make these so interesting. The music is creepy and catchy and highly original and these short films are mini-classics that deserve multiple watchings. This is a near-perfect collection of short videos.<br /><br />My rating: **** out of ****. 56 mins.
critique1209 I thought this to be a pretty good example of a better soft core erotica film. It has a reasonable plot about the madame of a bordello caught up in a police scheme to nab a wealthy crook.<br /><br />Hardcore porn star Chloe Nichole again shows her genuine acting ability. She will occasionally appear in soft core such as "Body of Love" and "Lady Chatterly's Stories. Nicole Hilbig on the other hand leaves something to be desired in her role as the female cop.
critique1210 The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN in 1932 caused a sensation. It may be hard to believe 70 years later but the film had much of the same kind of impact as THE MATRIX or THE LORD OF THE RINGS has achieved at a time when movies and radio were the major sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an instant pop icon the 'noble savage' that every woman fantasized about and every man wished he could be. The only person unhappy about the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs who while he'd agreed to MGM's creative liberties and enjoyed his hefty royalty checks felt the 'dumbed down' version of his character (with no plans to allow him to 'grow') was unfaithful to his vision (he would start a production company and soon be making his own 'Tarzan' films). MGM realizing the value of it's newest 'star' knew the sequel would have to be even more spectacular than the original...and TARZAN AND HIS MATE delivered!<br /><br />The film had an interesting back story; Cedric Gibbons MGM's legendary Art Director had gotten a commitment from the studio to direct the sequel prior to the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN despite the fact that he'd NEVER directed before (the studio hadn't anticipated the film's impact and didn't think a novice director would matter much on a 'novelty' film...and they wanted to keep their Oscar-winning department chief happy). Gibbons a prodigiously talented and imaginative visual artist loved the freedom of pre-Code Hollywood and decided to have TARZAN AND HIS MATE 'push the envelope' to the limit...Tarzan and Jane would frolic in a nude swim and Jane would appear TOPLESS through most of the film. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death in 1998 that while a double was used for the swim she trusted the studio and did 'a couple of days' of filming sans top...but it became too much of a headache trying to strategically place plants and fruit to block her nipples and the idea was abandoned (the film shot those days would be worth a fortune!) She did do a nude silhouette scene in a tent flashed her breasts at the conclusion of her 'swim' and donned a revised 'jungle' costume that was extremely provocative very thin and open at the sides...and the resulting outcry would help 'create' the Hays Office and the self-censorship that would soon engulf the entire industry.<br /><br />MGM yanked Gibbons from the production (the 'official' reason given was his workload as Art Director) and veteran Jack Conway was listed as the new director to appease the critics...although James C. McKay actually directed the film as Conway was busy on 3 other projects including VIVA VILLA!<br /><br />The film incorporated the best elements of the original (safaris murderous tribes Tarzan fighting jungle beasts to the death to save Jane) and actually improved on the storytelling. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) from the first film returns to Africa for ivory from the 'Elephants' Graveyard' and to try to seduce Jane into returning to England with gifts of silk dresses underwear and perfume. He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh) a crack shot and inveterate womanizer who sneers at Holt's chivalrous pursuit of Jane and stalks her as a potential 'conquest' to be had by any means (including killing Tarzan if and when he can get away with it without being seen).<br /><br />Tarzan barely tolerates the intrusion into his happy life with Jane and puts his foot down refusing to allow the hunters into the Graveyard. Arlington finds his opportunity catching the Ape Man alone and shoots him then returns to the camp with a fabricated story of his demise. Now Jane has no reason to remain in the jungle and she can direct them to the Graveyard before her long voyage back to England comforted by the oh-so-sympathetic Arlington. But a savage tribe and hideous torture await the group...can Tarzan being nursed back to health by his ape 'family' recover in time to save Jane?<br /><br />While stock footage is again used extensively the racial stereotypes of the 30s are apparent and the gorillas are obviously actors in ape suits TARZAN AND HIS MATE achieves a level of sophistication unsurpassed in any other 'Tarzan' film as well as a sexiness that even Bo Derek's blatantly erotic TARZAN THE APE MAN couldn't touch. Johnny Weissmuller was in peak condition physically Maureen O'Sullivan was never more beautiful and 'Africa' never looked more romantic and dangerous.<br /><br />TARZAN AND HIS MATE was a triumph (although it would be drastically edited for many years) and remains THE classic of the series to this day!
critique1211 I don't know if it's fair for me to review this. I'm not a fan of gratuitous violence. I've never understood the movie industry making heroes out of mob members and cold blooded killers. When The Godfather came out I thought they had broken the mold but the decades have produced a series of well-acted mob movies with major stars and directors doing them. This one is obviously low-budget but it is certainly well done. At some point in all of these I feel like I want to take a shower. If such characters actually exist it is hard for the soul. I always intellectualize that humankind will rise above this sort of thing. This kind of crud has to be stopped. I hope the people that go to films like this are more voyeuristic and less vicarious. I feel sort of the same way about slasher movies. Why do we have a fascination with death and dismemberment? In fairness I am judging this on the acting and directing and for what it is it seems to work pretty well.
critique1212 This early Biograph short was so much fun to watch. The second on disc one of D.W. Griffith's "Years of Discovery" DVD set (highly recommended) it features three excellent performances by the main leads and interesting to see Henry B. Walthall (The Little Colonel Birth of a Nation) as a campy musician giving a Countess the eye (and other things).<br /><br />The Countess' husband goes berserk at his wife's betrayal and has her walled into a little room with her paramour. It's kind of incredible that they wouldn't hear the wall going up but hey maybe the wine had something to do with it. Here Mr. Johnson (father of silent player Raymond Hackett) gesticulates wildly and this adds to the melodrama but in an unexpectedly comical way. The best moment comes at the end. As the lady passes out from shock and fear once she realizes she's doomed Henry picks up his instrument and "fans" it over her. The way he did it was so unexpected and in a strange way kind of sexy and I just lost it and laughed my head off. The expression on his face! From that moment I was charmed by Henry B. Walthall.
critique1213 Footlight Parade is just one of several wonderfully jaunty musicals that Warner Bros. produced in the early 1930's to ward off the Depression. "42nd Street" and the Golddiggers series were also produced during this era and they made literally millions of Americans forget their troubles for a little while and enjoy themselves.<br /><br />While most of the films produced had the great talents of Joan Blondell Ruby Keeler and Dick Powell only Foolight Parade had the incomparable James Cagney. Almost ten years prior to his most well-known musical "Yankee Doodle Dandy". Here he dances in that most original of dance styles with his arms usually lowered at his side and his legs doing all types of undulations and kicks. It's easy to see that he is enjoying himself and that makes us enjoy him all the more.<br /><br />While almost all of the musical sequences appear at the end of the film they are well worth the wait. I believe that this film was made just prior to the installation of the production code so some of the costumes and scenes are a bit risquÃƒÂ©. But it's all in fun.<br /><br />It doesn't matter what the plot of the film is just know that there are plenty of laughs and a superlative cast. Besides those already mentioned Guy Kibbee is at his flustered best here.<br /><br />7 out of 10
critique1214 I enjoyed watching Cliffhanger at the beginning when that woman (Sarah) was full of terror when she was slipping i thought that was a terrifying scene as i would think that when you see that see your nerves in your body get to you because it makes you get full of fright and your heart beats faster. I did like watching Cliffhanger i think Silvestar Stallone is a great actor and i think he'll be known as playing Rambo and Rocky.
critique1215 Another entertaining Travolta dance flick! GREAT MUSIC mood and scenes. Debra Winger is beautiful! Like "Saturday Night Fever" this macho film features extremely improbable scenes of beautiful women falling for Travolta and almost begging him to have sex with them.
critique1216 Of the elements that make this the best at this point I have to say #1 is Christine McIntire. Shemp's scene when poisoned and her reaction are truly magnificent. I imagine that as one poster suggested Christine was trying to hold back laughter during that scene but it actually made her seem even more deliciously evil to be smiling at Shemp's possibly dying.<br /><br />Another character who helps this stand out is the Goon. His look was a great cross between horrific and comedic goof-ball. Hardly a character I would choose to meet in a dark alley or for that matter anywhere. I would have preferred a bit of true whodunit mystery in this but hey when a short is this good who's going to complain. Not I.
critique1217 I own this movie. I've seen it over 20 times and every time I still get weepy. Its a Great love story surprises and you can definately feel chemistry between Klein and Sobiesky. I definately give this movie a perfect 10. I recommend this to anyone.
critique1218 This film is hilarious. Brilliant comedy but only because of one actor. Chris Farley. The best 'comedy-actor' I have ever seen. It's something special about him. He is just so funny.<br /><br />What a shame he is not with us anymore. He will sorely be missed.
critique1219 All you need is great house a babysitter and a phone. Simon West directs this thrilling and chilling remake of the 1979 original. This version is more of a thriller than a horror flick. Emotionally tense with an escalating fear factor. Jill Johnson(Camilla Belle)needs to work off an excessive cell phone bill; she takes on the task of babysitting the two children of Dr. and Mrs. Mandrakis(Derek de Lint and Kate Jennings Grant). The house is a beautiful 1970ish wood and glass masterpiece. Secluded and peaceful. The kids are already in bed the wind builds and is joined by down-pouring rain. The phone begins ringing ringing ringing. The babysitter is soon in a frantic mode of survival in fear of the creepy stranger on the other end of the phone.<br /><br />Belle is great as the innocent smart and strong teen babysitter. The voice of the stranger on the phone is that of Lance Henriksen while the physical stranger is played by Tommy Flanagan. Also featured are: Katie Cassidy and Brian Geraghty. Kudos to James Dooley for the atmospheric original music.
critique1220 In reply to "State of Confusion" The dogs injuries do seem to disappear rather abruptly but that may have only been an error in continuity. But as for the kids trying to build a plane out of junk it's just a simple matter of imagination. These are two very young kids who have extremely active imaginations and they must rely on those imaginations to keep themselves from being exposed to the reality of the level of abuse that goes on in their home from their stepfather. As for the stepfather it's very interesting that the director chose to no show his face. That makes him seem more monstrous. If you show his face then that character becomes a person and not just this "monster" who is terrorizing the childhood of these two innocent children. By showing only the concequences of his abuse and not focusing scenes on the abuse itself the children then become the main focus of the movie. This film has no loose ends but runs just as a father's tale to his children would. It has embelleshments. This is a fine American classic.
critique1221 Although I was born in the year that this movie came out and had never heard of it until my junior year of high school (1996) when I saw it I became totally engrossed laughing and crying and feeling along with the characters because me and my friends were them.<br /><br />Their hair clothes and speech were outdated but the emotions and the desperation of each situation were so familiar! I remember thinking how real it was and how I wished that they would make movies like that still.<br /><br />In fact I saw this movie the night after I had been at a crazy party (not so unlike the one in Jay's house) which had been crashed by what we considered the loser derelicts who hung out on the fringes of our crowd. A world class BS'er and "responsible" mother figure type I identified immediately with Jeanie (I was also the one with a car) although I had a little bit of Madge's insecurities floating around in there too. My best friend was a Deidre and her good friend from childhood was our Annie.<br /><br />Watching the scene when Jeanie is in school or the one where her and her boyfriend break up and then she is telling Madge how much she loved him felt like conversations and situations I had personally had.<br /><br />Now at the age of 27 I recently saw the movie again and felt a surge of emotions because it was like watching back a piece of my own youth (though none of my friends died). I think this is a must see for all girls 13 and up.
critique1222 There is so much to love in this darling little comedy. Anyone who has ever built or bought a house or even just been short of spacewill find that there is more than just a grain of truth in the plight of the addled Mr. Blanding.Melvyn Douglaswith great comedic flare both narrates and acts as the Blandings' attorney and voice of reason.As well Myrna Loy is at her best as a rather scatterbrained but extremely patient wife. But the best performance is Grant's. He is the American everyman especially relevant at the time of this film's release when the nation was in the grips of a housing shortage after the end of the war. The themes are universallack of money work strain fear of infidelity.Yes it does wrap up awfully neatly but you must keep in mind that this was a time when the world was just recovering from a terrible war and wanted a happy ending. It is still relevant today and I must chalk up the poor reviews I see to a present preference for dumbed down gross out comedies. The look of the film is slick and there are some great bits of comedy is well particularly toward the beginning.While it may have lost some of it's social relevance nearly sixty years after it's release it is still a gem.
critique1223 Ira Levin's Deathtrap is one of those mystery films in the tradition of Sleuth that would be very easy to spoil given any real examination of the plot of the film. Therefore I will be brief in saying it concerns a play one man who is a famous mystery playwright another man who is a promising writer the playwright's wife who is much younger and sexier than the role should have been and one German psychic along for the ride. Director Sidney Lumet no stranger to film is quite good for the most part in creating the tension the film needs to motor on. The dialog is quick fresh and witty. Michael Caine excels in roles like these. Christopher Reeve is serviceable and actually grows on you the more you see him act. Irene Worth stands out as the funny psychic. How about Dyan Cannon? Love how Lumet packaged her posterior in those real tight-fitting pants and had her wear possibly the snuggest tops around but she is terribly miscast in this role - a role which should have been given to an older actress and one certainly less seductive. But why quibble with an obvious attempt to bribe its male viewers when nothing will change it now? Deathtrap is funny sophisticated witty and classy. The mystery has some glaring flaws which do detract somewhat and I was not wholly satisfied with the ending but watching Caine and Reeve under Lumet's direction with Levin's elevated verbiage was enough to ensnare my interest and keep it captive the entire length of the film.
critique1224 How can a movie that features the singing of Curtis Mayfield be bad? It can't! The Groove Tube is a series of scatological black-out sketches that makes fun of anything from 2001 to the olympics. The highs (Koko the clown the easy lube recipe) outnumber the lows (an all too long "The Dealers") but even the lows are funny. Best of all is Ken Shapiro's manic dance down a busy Manhattan sidewalk.(That is Shapiro not Nat King Cole singing Just You Just Me). Definitely dated now but at the time The Groove Tube was irreverent bold shameless and hysterically funny. Ken Shapiro made this minor cult hit then 7 years later made the Christmas day opening bomb Modern Problems (though I enjoyed it} and since then unfortunately nothing.(He could possibly be playing drums in a jazz group) The Groove Tube remains to me an unending burst of positive energy a movie that 26 years after my initial viewing still brings me real joy!
critique1225 Not being a fan of the Coen Brothers or George Clooney anyone can see the skepticism I took into the theater. Once again someone in Hollywood dares to create something different. This time it was those zanie (for a temporary lack of a better word) Coens doing "their thing" to one of the great works in literary history. Who would've ever thought Homer had this in mind? I don't know where this film is going to fit in the history books of Hollywood but it will be in both mine and many others DVD or VHS library. It is one of those films that you can watch over and over. The story is brilliantly written. Clean and entertaining with a couple of Gumpesque brushes with fame great performances by Clooney Turturro Nelson and a brief but hilarious Holly Hunter. Being born in Mississippi and raised in other parts of the south I wish more people would poke a little fun at us like this. They even invoke a soundtrack fitting for the rural south. You are NOT doing anything better this weekend go see this movie!<br /><br />
critique1226 I saw "Fever Pitch" sort of by accident; it was playing on the airplane going over to Europe. It actually wasn't half bad. Ben (Jimmy Fallon) is the world's #1 Red Sox fan but his relationship with Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore) may strain that. The movie is a fairly interesting look at how world events can affect peoples' relationships. It's especially eye-opening now that the Red Sox have ended their 80-odd-year losing streak. I guess that these sorts of things happen all the time and we just don't tend to notice them. Not too bad.<br /><br />Another movie portraying an unusual relation to baseball is 2000's "Frequency". Check them both out.
critique1227 This is a gory mess and pretty convincing. Corbin Bernson is very much in command of this movie with his slick portrayal of the loony control freak eponymous practitioner. Linda Hoffman plays his cheating wife and she is very easy on the eye - unfortunately for her the little "tryst" with the pool guy brings severe punishment in a way the good doctor knows best - shame about that pretty smile! The last half hour of the movie is devoted to Bernson's character losing it completely and the spotlight falls on a young actress called Virginya Keehne. An extremely talented performer she hogs the limelight from the moment the braces come off. Nice legs too!
critique1228 There were some great moments of reality in there depicting modern day life (not only in Japan but everywhere). It shows how stifling ones culture can be and wanting to break out of the mold its created for you.<br /><br />The dancing was just a vehicle for saying "do what you love even if its against the norm". Rather Billy Elliot like I would say. I enjoyed that film as well. <br /><br />The humour was well timed and the touching moments felt so real you could feel the awkwardness between Sugiyama and his wife the tantrums in the dance hall. I loved Aoki - him and that wig and his excessiveness on the dance floor made me simply howl!<br /><br />The actors all did a wonderful job the story was well written. I watched it a second time and caught some little nuances that I missed on the first viewing. Good entertainment!
critique1229 hi im scott (A.K.A woody7739) i Love the film Twisted Desire And i love watching Melissa Joan Hart on the t.v as i think she is fine. I am a real fan of sabrina the teenage witch too so this helped my watch it (don't ask). i love the way that nicole plans out her parents murder very carfully as she makes sure that someone else pulls the trigger and practices on the bottles so she wont give away her fingerprints (a very well planned out idea) back i guess it all backfired on nicole as she got caught as her old boyfriend comes along and puts a hidden camera under his shirt. i give this film a nine out of ten and put it in MY top 10 films list. And last but not least if anyone see's this film in the shops please tell me as i seen it on tv and didn't record it. bye
critique1230 Chop Shop is a hidden treasure out in theaters! I cannot begin to describe how wonderful the performances are in this movie. This film is for anyone who wants to watch a powerful story and see an example of what contemporary movies should look and be like.<br /><br />This film is about a young boy Alejandro "Ale" who works and lives with his teenage sister Isamar "Izzie" in a one-room tiny loft in an auto shop. The story takes place in a part of New York City (that I did not even know existed--Willits Points) where there are endless junkyards and body shops. Here Bahrani tells the story of two forgotten children hoping to support themselves by buying and fixing up a food van.<br /><br />Ale makes money helping at the auto shop and Izzie helps at a food van; both however earn extra money on the side. Ale sells bootleg movies and stolen car parts; Izzie results to selling herself. Their lives are surrounded by grit and grim but even though both witness live and barely survive within their harsh world their love for each other is never tainted by the filth that surround them. And occasionally they are able to laugh and enjoy moments of their childhood that is being stolen by the reality of struggling to survive and stay together.<br /><br />The best comparison I have for Chop Shop is that Bahrani's juxtaposition of an innocent love between family members against such a bleak atmosphere is as powerful as Pasolini's Mama Roma combined with the struggles of growing up too fast in an adverse environment just as in Bresson's Mouchette.<br /><br />Having co-written directed and edited both this film and his first Man Push Cart (which won awards all over the world) Bahrani is a total package filmmaker.<br /><br />I can only hope that his films will not be hidden treasures for long!
critique1231 The Hanson brothers - Andy (apparently has his act together) and Hank (clearly doesn't have his act together) need money. Andy comes up with a scheme to get some dough that will have consequences for the whole Hanson family.<br /><br />This film delivers. This is a layered full-blooded roller coaster ride that knows exactly what it is doing. As a crime drama / thriller I would happily compare it to 'No Country For Old Men.' While both films have have an ample supply of character drama and thrills 'Devil' is more on the thriller side because of its fast pace. 'No Country' is a colder and bleaker film that you can really admire while 'Devil' is a bit more enjoyable. There is definitely less violence in 'Devil' than 'No Country.' The acting delivers as well. Ethan Hawke sometimes wooden in the past brings the jitters sweating and the deer-in-the-headlights-look to the besieged Hank. Philip Seymour Hoffman as Andy has the film's hardest scenes and is fast becoming the actor who you believe can do anything.<br /><br />There's really not much wrong with this film. It jumps back and forth without being confusing. Events spiral out of control but the film never does - the writing (from first timer Kelly Masterson) directing (veteran Sidney Lumet) and the editing stay as tight as a drum. In many categories this is award caliber stuff though maybe films like 'The Departed' and 'No Country' squeezed this one out of the limelight. If you liked those you'll like this.
critique1232 It seems to be a perfect day for swimming. A normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach. Unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising. The woman (Barbara Stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.<br /><br />John Sturges' short movie (69 minutes) is powerful because of unanswered questions. Stanwyck finds a guy who could help but there is a price she has to pay for this. There is a double question the movie poses. How far would you go to help the man that you love and on the other hand - observing Stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband? Like a good short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself with questions he can only answer himself.
critique1233 I loved this movie!!! The characters were people that you could feel for. The young man back from the service still in love with the girl he left behind. Tom Drake is always perfect in the romantic lead as well as Donna Reed as the love of his life. The looks he gives her as if he has been starved for the sight of her as well as her hesitation and confusion as too her feelings for him were played very well. The rest of the quirky characters at the store were perfect as they tried to bring them together. The most touching scene however was the young couple at his great grandfather's house. I laughed in parts cried in some and thoroughly enjoyed watching this movie. In fact I've re-watched it about 5 times. A definite must see for total romantics.
critique1234 MY WIFE AND KIDS in my opinion is an absolute ABC classic! I haven't seen every episode but I still enjoyed it. There are many episodes that I enjoyed. One of them was where Junior (George O. Gore II) got his driver's license. If you want to know why you'll have to have seen it for yourself. Before I wrap this up I'd like to say that everyone always gave a good performance the production design was spectacular the costumes were well-designed and the writing was always very strong. In conclusion even though it can be seen in syndication now I strongly recommend you catch it just in case it goes off the air for good.
critique1235 Kubrick again puts on display his stunning ability to craft a perfect ambiance for a film. Mainly through cinematography but also using an ingenious score he creates a chilling and ominous tone that resides over the entire film and thoroughly gets my spine tingling from the start. It really is this flawless ambiance that makes The Shining the masterpiece that it is in my eyes. Of course it doesn't hurt that Jack Nicholson gives one of the greatest performances I've ever seen. A frighteningly authentic portrayal of a mind gone mad. Duvall and Lloyd are artificial to be nice but it's easy to look past those two when the rest of the film is so brilliant. Plus it features the actor with the greatest name of all time (Scatman Crothers).
critique1236 Troubled men's magazine photographer Adrien Wilde (well played with considerable intensity by Michael Callan) has horrific nightmares in which he brutally murders his models. When the lovely ladies start turning up dead for real Adrien worries that he might be the killer. Writer/director William Byron Hillman relates the engrossing story at a steady pace builds a reasonable amount of tension delivers a few gruesomely effective moments of savage misogynistic violence (one woman who has a plastic garbage bag with a rattlesnake in it placed over her head rates as the definite squirm-inducing highlight) puts a refreshing emphasis on the nicely drawn and engaging true-to-life characters further grounds everything in a plausible everyday world and tops things off with a nice smattering of tasty female nudity. The fine acting from an excellent cast helps matters a whole lot: Joanna Pettet as sunny charming love interest Mindy Jordache James Stacy as Adrien's macho double amputee brother B.J. Seymour Cassel as Adrien's concerned psychiatrist Dr. Frank Curtis Don Potter as Adrien's feisty gay assistant Louis Pamela Hensley as gutsy homicide detective Sergeant Fountain Cleavon Little as a hard-nosed police chief and Misty Rowe as sweet bubbly model Bambi. R. Michael Stringer's polished cinematography makes impressive occasional use of breathtaking panoramic aerial shots. Jack Goga's ominous rattling score likewise does the trick. Popping up in cool bit parts are Robert Tessier as a gruff bartender Sally Kirkland as a saucy hooker Kathy Shower as a fierce female wrestler B.J. grapples with in the ring and Frances Bay in one of her standard old woman roles. A solid and enjoyable picture.
critique1237 Kurt Russell is at his best as the man who lives off his past glories Reno Hightower. Robin Williams is his polar opposite in a rare low key performance as Jack Dundee. He dropped the Big Pass in more ways than one.<br /><br />You'll see some of the most quotable scenes ever put into one film as Jack hisses at a rat Reno poses and the call of the caribou goes out.<br /><br />Don't miss this classic that isn't scared to show football in the mud the way it should be played (note to the NFL).
critique1238 This was one of the best war movies I've seen because it focuses on the characters more then the actual war. All of the cast do an excellent job and because most of them are relative unknowns it makes everything seem more believable. The camera footage is great is so was the pacing and editing. This movie will actually get to you and causes the audience to care for the charcters.
critique1239 Don't say I didn't warn you but your gonna laugh. Probably enough to hurt your stomach. Sure it's got some blood splattering all in good fun though. So it's got no budget who needs a budget when you got a script like this. <br /><br />Take the time and check this out. Well worth a two hour viewing. If everyone could laugh as much as I did during this movie the world would be a much happier place to live.<br /><br />
critique1240 I liked this film very much as I liked before the other movies by Cedric Klapish. All the actors coming from all over Europe are very good and funny. One can really feel the influence of "Amelie" like in many other recent movies but it's ok.
critique1241 The first of five St Trinian's films (although the last is usually discounted) was based around artist Ronald Searle's schoolgirl characters and features the wonderful Alastair Sim in drag as Millicent Fritton headmistress as well as her own brother. Much of the humour is dated yet curiously touching and outrageous in today's PC world - the girls drink gamble smoke and are later sold off to rich Arabs yet always remain in charge defeating bureaucrats police judges and other establishment figures as they maraud across England. Perhaps because the films have been so regularly seen on TV St Trinians still inspires fancy dress parties and club nights. The films have recurring characters that include PC Ruby Gates (Joyce Grenfell) and Flash Harry (George Cole). The precursor to the entire series is a charming film called 'The Happiest Days Of Your Life' (1950).
critique1242 2:37 is an intense and fascinating drama which has some similarities in tone and subject with films like Bully Elephant and Kids (although by my point of view 2:37 is a superior film to those three ones).Before watching this movie my expectations were neutral but I ended up taking a very good impression thanks to the intelligent screenplay Murali K. Thalluri's perfect direction and the excellent performances from a group of young actors.<br /><br />The sporadic instances of school violence around the world have inspired many movies TV programmes and books which pretend to find and predict the external or internal reasons of those unbridled expressions of rebelliousness discontent...and specially madness.Some people may say that 2:37 arrives too late to that artistic movement; however I do not think like that because that delay permitted the movie to make a more artistic analysis focusing on the situation with more subtleness and intelligence instead of the obvious reaction of cruelty and anguish which impregnated other movies with similar stories.<br /><br />On the characters from 2:37 we can find clichÃƒÂ©s from the juvenile cinema (from director and screenwriter John Hughes -RIP-'s movies to the teen horror films): the beautiful "princess" the clumsy "nerd" the antipathetic athletes etc.It would have been very easy to make them become in hollow caricatures defined by their function in the screenplay; but it is something admirable that the screenplay transcends the stereotypes to make them real people with credible problems which in more or less degree any person can find on his/her road to maturity.<br /><br />2:37 is an excellent movie whose only fail is that the ending feels a bit affected but which compensates that with a lot of positive elements.It will be very interesting to see Thalluri's next projects since he has had a great debut with this movie.
critique1243 Ask yourself where she got the gun? Remember what she was taught about the mark's mindset when the con is over? The gun had blanks and it was provided to her from the very beginning.<br /><br />When the patient comes back at the end she was SUPPOSED to see him drive away in the red convertible and lead her to the gang splitting up her 80 thousand.<br /><br />The patient was in on the con from the beginning.<br /><br />Mantegna does not die in the end - the gun had blanks.<br /><br />There - enough spoilers for you there? This is why people are giving it such high ratings. It's extremely original because of the hidden ending and how it cons MOST of the audience.
critique1244 I'm an admirer of Hal Hartley's films especially 1997's "Henry Fool." "Fay Grim" is a sequel to that film and has a similar style and sense of humor. The plot however is completely different. Fay Grim (played brilliantly by the iconic Parker Posey) tries to track down her missing husband's notebooks and finds herself amid conspiracies and espionage. The supporting cast (most of the folks from the first film as well as Jeff Goldblum Saffron Burrows and a much-welcomed return from 90s indie-darling Elina Lowensohn) is excellent and the film has lots of surprises. The director claims this is part of a "Star Wars"-like trilogy serving as the "Empire Strikes Back" of the series If this is true I can't wait to see the third installment! I just hope I don't have to wait 10 more years for it.
critique1245 The movie begins a with mentally-challenged girl with bright yellow sneakers looking skyward on a Madrid street corner and being spellbound by a passing plane. The movie examines the life of five womenÃ‚Â—Adela Leire Maricarmen Anita & IsabelÃ‚Â—who have completely different lives and choices of shoes. Their shoes is the first superficial yet affixed with some glancing meaning clue we get at their fragile identities. In a theatrically embroidered and embellished way a podiatrist tries to esoterically reveal the deepest secrets of a woman's souls by the sole of her feet. The premise is risky and slightly contrived but the tone and depth of the movie takes a daring plunge for the good.<br /><br />What may have been light-hearted and superficial quickly switches gear with the a superb dysfunctional couple scene that leaves the viewer riveted for minutes seeing the love or lack thereof the pain the confusion the hope the needs and escape mechanisms develop through minutes different rooms of the house and down to the street and eventually below... What a scene (!)  but there will be others as effective to follow and strengthen the strong characterization and directing displayed in this slice of life affair.<br /><br />Moving along a woman has lost the husband she loved and inherited his kids and his taxi while another has completely lost her husband emotionally sexually intellectually but not physically. A ghost a pending divorceÃ‚Â… reproach regret & remorse. A new love? Can you love a mirage? Can you love the person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can't love? Or think you can't love? Can you love and live life even though it will always be somewhat hopeless? Yet isn't it exactly these hopes and dreams that keep us here grounded and in a spectrum of relative happiness? A lot of deep themes emerge and the final act brings people and ideas together to coalesce in an existential crisis with no clear cut solution definitive decision or effective healing. Maybe a elusive thought a fleeting feeling but a lasting appreciation of life and of the artistry and intellect of the film. Live. Live again. Rewind the reel. Unveil the real the important; the big stones (piedras) of life. The rest is just details.
critique1246 Well to start with Rajkumar Santoshi is not a comedy film maker and this is really unfortunate because the only comedy film he has made is a masterpiece.This film is really funny .Loud in bits overacted in a few scenes but still the dialogues r really laugh riots and characters r really full of fun . Story line in simple a Billionaire's daughter come to India for marriage and Two young chaps r behind her the story has a twist as well with a connection of a Gangster .Aamir playing a street smart guy Amar has played his role with brilliance and Salman has played the role of an innocent stupid to perfection.Raveena has done fine but Karshima really turns irritating in some sequences .But real show stealer r Paresh Rawal and Shakti Kapoor they enter the frame and automatically u start laughing . Overall such an enjoyable film that u can watch it any no. of times without getting bored.
critique1247 This is a refreshing enjoyable movie. If you enjoyed "Four Weddings and A Funeral" "Peter's Friends" etc. you will see a number of familiar and talented actors. Made me laugh made me sad. I view movies for entertainment and English-set movies generally fit that bill for me. Enjoy!
critique1248 This new movie by Jeskid is awesome! Check it out and you'll be amazed. The story of Emily Waters once a girl from a broken home whose only means of escape from an abusive father was through her sketchbook. Until one night her drawings manifested into reality and saved her and now using this power she fights against those who would do evil. Both live action film and hand drawn animation blend together to create a unique and original experience that will shake your soul and blow you away. The music is incredible as well it really intesifies the emotional experience and draws you deep into the conflict. Directed by Jesse Cowell and animated by Erica Langworthy starring the beautiful Marissa Parness with music by Nico Audy-Rowland Daniel Collins Jeff Strathearn Matt Sisco and Selcuk Bor. Support this film and support Jeskid he is a very talented guy. Go see his film Shades of Grey as well.
critique1249 Thus starts "One Crazy Summer" the evil twin of "Better off dead..". How can any movie be bad when the opening lines are sung by David Lee Roth?<br /><br />This movie is a total blast. Pairing again John Cusack with Curtis Armstrong but this time adding Bobcat Goldwaith to the mix has great funny results. Hyperactive Bobcat grates the nerve of everyone around Curtis "Ak Ak" is the son of a deranged military with pacifist tendencies and Demi Moore (with natural breasts... wow!) as the love interest of once again chronically depressed Cusack.<br /><br />The story is well simple enough. The laughs are there but both Savage Steve Holland films have a certain quality to them... they are funny but they are also sweet. The scene where Curtis finds a blown up doll in the target practice beach and begins musing about how a little girl won't be able to sleep was dumb funny and touching. The animation used throughout is quite surreal. "The Boat" is hysterical (complete with Watsamatta U. sail and Odie plush doll). Overall a fun film though not as good as "Better off dead..."
critique1250 I bought this DVD from Walmart for cheap thinking it would be a typical crap straight-to-video monster junk but it turned out much better than expected. There isn't really any criticism to say about it... it's obviously low budget but that just adds to the cheesy old fashioned fun. It's very cool and entertaining.<br /><br />There's everything: horror sex a great plane crash and good characters. And I'd say it's pretty original cuz it really doesn't come off as any other movie I've seen. It has it's own unique look which I liked very much that's why this film deserves credit. I look forward to seeing more of these awesome movies from "The Scare Master" Brett Piper whom I've never heard before this one.<br /><br />The DVD menu is really creative with groovy music playing over it so it's perfect just to keep it on when you're not yet ready to sit down and watch it. It also includes some special features which are really interesting. But we never get to see the director or hear him in the commentary must be shy. This comes out of Edgewood Studios in Vermont USA. I highly recommend it to all horror buffs you'll love it!
critique1251 I was happy to find out that at least now this movie is beginning to get the appreciation it deserves (just view those votes). Not top-class action like "Die Hard" or "Lethal Weapon" but still something like a solid 7 out of 10: fine script good actors with working chemistry and a director who knows what he wants (sadly this was director Harlin's last good film. "Deep Blue Sea" managed to reach 'an OK rollercoaster-ride'- status but "Cutthroat Island and especially "Driven" are well-deserved flops!) Personally I think the turn-off at the box-office might have been the "Woman as an action star"-theme. Well give her a chance because Davis does deliver a performance above par. And after all this film doesn't concentrate so much on the "feminine"-side but instead on good ol' action buddyism (Jackson as a sidekick is given a lot of room in here plus his share of action- and about a thousand killer wisecracks!) and on the plot (from Shane Black the writer of "Lethal Weapon" and "The Last Boy Scout". The latter of which as a movie is on very many levels much like this one...the theme the clever plot also as good and as underrated!) Overall: if one hasn't seen this one yet don't forget to rent it for the next quiet Saturday night!
critique1252 TOM HULCE* turns in yet another Oscar-worthy performance as Dominick Luciano the brain-damaged garbage man who's helping put his brother (Ray Liotta as Eugene) through medical school.<br /><br />This is a must-see for all movie lovers and all lovers of life and people!<br /><br />===========> *From the small studder to the eratic dancing to the repeated words "Oh Jeez" whenever Nicky is in a bind the belieavablitly of Tom's performance is so excellent that you will have to concentrate to remember that it's an actor on screen!
critique1253 Sure it was well shot and made very well shot and made! But the story was just so weak. And the portrayal of Lincoln was even weaker. Not that Henry Fonda wasn't good but the character he played was nothing but a loon. Do you mean to tell me that Lincoln was a wise cracking smart ass with no respect of the law or the court. I mean who the hell was he supposed to be? Cousin Vinnie? I mean come on "I'll just call you Jackass then"???? I understand that Ford was going for great funny hero guy but I didn't really like this guy at all. He cheats in sports talks like a real sweet simpleton and does not seem to know were to sit in a courtroom. How am I supposed to take this seriously.<br /><br />The twist was even weaker. I mean come on! That was just stupid. The whole story seemed like it was thought up by some 5 year old in his or her dreams. Saying that I liked it enough it was very entertaining and made me laugh at several occasions so I can't say it's a bad film. In fact I must say that I must say it's good enough nothing that entertains me and makes me laugh can be bad BUT this vivid and silly story was just so ridiculous that I can't understand how anyone could consider it great.<br /><br />I have no idea how historically accurate this film was but if any of it was true I would really have to shake my head.
critique1254 At long last! One of Michael Jackson's most well known and beloved films comes to DVD! In Michael Jackson Moonwalker (Michael Jackson) stars as Michael. A man with powers that are not of this world. Michael must save Sean (Sean Lennon) Katie (Kellie Parker) Zeke (Brandon Quintin Adams) and the rest of the worlds children from drug lord Frankie Lideo aka Mr. Big (Joe Pesci) who's mission in life is to get all of the worlds children hooked on drugs! A NOTE TO PEOPLE IN THE USA LOOKING FOR THIS FILM ON DVD: Make sure when buying this film on DVD you buy Warners Product #WK00817 as NTSC Region 3 which plays on North American NTSC Region 1 players.
critique1255 Bacall does well here - especially considering this is only her 2nd film. This one is often overshadowed because it falls between 2 great successes: "To Have and To Have Not" (1944) and "The Big Sleep" (1945) both of which paired her with Humphrey Bogart. Granted this one is not up to par to the other movies but I think through no fault of her own. I think there was some miscasting in having her portray a British upper-crust lady. No accent whatsoever. I think all the strange accents were distracting - Boyer was certainly no Spaniard. It was hard to keep straight which country people were from.<br /><br />I really liked the black and white cinematography. Mood is used to great affect - I especially liked the fog scene. The lighting also does a great job of adding to the intrigue and tension.<br /><br />Bacall is just gorgeous. Boyer just doesn't fit the romantic leading man role for me - so he and Bacall together was a little strange. Not great chemistry - and certainly no Bogie and Bacall magic. But I still really liked this picture. There is great tension and it moves along well enough. I must say I found the murder of the little girl quite bold for this period film.<br /><br />Katina Paxinou and Peter Lorre stand out as supporting cast. Paxinou as the hotel keeper is absolutely villainous and evil in her portrayal. Her one scene where she laughs maniacally as Mr. Muckerji is leaving after exposing her as the child's murderer is quite disturbing. Lorre also does quite well in his slimy snake portrayal of Conteras - a sleazy coward to the end. Wanda Bendrix also does quite well in portraying the child Else - especially considering this was her first picture and she was only 16 at the time (though she appears much younger). Turns out she later married Auie Murphy which proved to be a short lived tempestuous marriage.
critique1256 Besides Planes Trains and Automobiles and Uncle Buck this is John Candy's funniest movie. When he gets hypnotized with the playing card (similar to the Manchurian Candidate) and becomes a horny guy who does not know what he is saying he makes two very memorable quotes (Both deal with the male anatomy). The love scene involving grocery items has to be seen it cannot be described.<br /><br />
critique1257 I saw the Korean version of Daisy first. It came across as a simple love story that flowed nicely from start to finish. I saw it 3 times as I waited for my copy of the director's cut to arrive.<br /><br />Then I got the DC and watched it. Wow! I think this is the first REAL director's cut I've ever seen. Amazing how detailed the editing is in both versions! The DC is laid out like a hardcore thriller with the love story in the background. It moves at a slower pace than the Korean version.The variations between both versions are so drastic it seems like two totally different movies. I thought I would be worn out watching the movie again toughing it out just to look for the added scenes. That wasn't the case. It really felt like I was watching a whole new movie.<br /><br />While the DC is 20 minutes longer than the Korean version you'll be hard-pressed to pinpoint where or what has been changed. 2 seconds chopped off here. A second added there. An entire scene added here. Another erased there. In both versions scenes have been added omitted or chopped up and reordered. In some scenes entire lines of dialogue were replaced or reordered - while the scene itself was untouched. Even simple sound effects were added/omitted from each version - having a major impact on the mood of the film and sometimes even changing the outcome of a scene. What comes across as a tender moment in the Korean version is a sad somber one in the DC. The endings of both versions leave room for interpretation. As far as I can tell both versions end a LOT different and were intended that way.<br /><br />I'm assuming most people will be acquiring the director's cut of the film and will find the movie pretty decent but a little long and boring. If that's the case look for the Korean version. Same movie but different feel. I think there's a deluxe 3-DVD version that contains both cuts of the film - not sure.<br /><br />The versions compliment each other so well that as a pair I'll watch Daisy more often than I do any of my other favorite Korean movies. Alone I'd say the Korean version is a nice love story that I'd watch once in awhile. The director's cut I'll watch maybe once or twice then never again as I find the pacing dull. But they just go so well together! For what I consider the best experience I'd say watch the Korean version first. Then watch the director's cut to help fill in the gaps of the story that you were curious about.<br /><br />The editing is the real star of the film.
critique1258 In 1954 Marlon Brando was THE hot actor after his performances in Streetcar Named Desire and On The Waterfront. Frank Sinatra had yet to re-invent himself on the silver screen. But Sinatra's portrayal as the erstwhile Nathan Detroit helped re-establish Sinatra with his fans.<br /><br />It is a great screen version of a great play and the choices of leads and support players are terrific. Imagine a movie where Brando sings? This was his one and only singing role as he portrayed Sky Masterson. In addition the female leads Jean Simmons and Vivian Blaine(replaying her stage role as Nathan's long suffering girlfriend Adelade) put in superlative efforts. Special mention goes to the great Stubby Kaye(as Nicely Nicely) and with all due respect to Eric Clapton no one's version of Rockin' The Boat even comes close to Stubby's. Sheldon Leonard who would go on to fame as TV producer of such shows as The Danny Thomas Show and The Dick Van Dyke Show does "Harry The Horse" wonders B.S.Pulley is excellent as the harsh mannered and rough talking "Big Julie" and even Regis Toomey offers his excellence as "Brother Arvide".<br /><br />It is one of the fun musicals to see good comedy and you get Sinatra and Brando. Soooooo "Luck Be A Lady Tonight" and brother..."it's your dice"
critique1259 I saw this movie many years ago and it has never left my list of all-time best films ever made. When I first watched it I was just beginning what has become a life-long passion for justice. It gave an interesting perspective of the death penalty and also gave me a few things to think about.<br /><br />When you have a cast like this one you are right to assume it is going to be nothing short of fabulous. This is by far the best role I have ever seen Sean Penn play (along with I am Sam). He nails the role doesn't glamourize his actions while doing so. He manages to maintain a level of debauchery throughout the movie that I think was very important. Up until the very end he does not try to be seen as anything more than what he is. He is a sick man who regrets his past but still makes excuses for it. He ends up able to redeem his sense of self-worth as much as a convicted (and guilty) murderer can through the aid of Susan Sarandon's character Sister Helen Prejean. Her character taught me about good will towards others without making me forget how horrible a person's actions can be and without making excuses for them.<br /><br />The supporting cast was also top-notch. I was surprised to see a small cameo of Jack Black in this film given the funny-man he has become today! I loved this movie for both personal reasons and just because it was a work of cinematic art. And in my opinion this is one of the rare exceptions when the movie far out-did the book.
critique1260 One Night at McCool's is a very funny movie that is more intelligent than what it should be. Its form is more sophisticated than what I expected and its randomness was superb. The thoughts behind the movie (mysogeny sadism stupid men) are are infantile. That's what I have to say about this movie is that not only does it hate women but it loathes men. It doesn't have any sympathy for any of the men really. It seems that way because of the form but the ending says it all. Nobody cares.<br /><br />The form has the first 2/3 of the movie told in flashback by three characters: Dillon the stupid bartender; Reiser the mysogenistic stupid lawyer; and Goodman the stupid holier-than-thou cop. The story is therefore always perverted by their own self images and altered realities. Reiser's BBQ fantasy is a great touch. In the end we never really know the truth and nothing is what it seems. Dillon was never that innocent etc. <br /><br />Actually the rest of the movie is funny too. From the randomness of the last 5 seconds of the movie to the overly-obviousness of Tyler's manipulations the movie seems to have an energy all its own. Everything is just out of the blue and nothing seems to make sense. Do we really care if it does? No. <br /><br />It is also a very dark comedy but has a shallow presentation. Think Nurse Betty or Jawbreaker. Very candy coated outside dark chewy inside. If you like your movies random dark or just purely mean see this movie. This one will satisfy your urges for the strangeness that is One Night at McCool's.<br /><br />8/10
critique1261 there's only so much that i can take of Filipino films especially nowadays where the trend is sex action and slapstick comedy(which i hate). the fact that Nasaan Ka Man made me think and made me gape during the movie was a big plus. It's got good cinematic scenes and editing was great especially the cinematography. i think that Claudine deserves the best actress here rather than getting one in the movie Milan. the fact that there's only so few Filipino movies that i really like. i think Cholo Laurel did such a great job in this movie. i truly truly loved this movie technically and character development wise; the plot was complex and that's what made it terrific.
critique1262 Maybe it wasn't that good as a whole but the second episode which was the first one I say was so memorable I still remember it today. I became a fan of Dick Francis. I would recommend it if you are interested in horse racing and mysteries.<br /><br />The cockney slang of the sidekick Chico Barnes is a lot more amusing to those of us who have never been close to hearing London's Bow Bells but the leads are attractive and the shows were interesting.<br /><br />Sid Halley was one of Francis' more interesting characters and the show actually minimizes some of the difficulties with his hand. Interestingly electronic hands of the sort used in the stories are apparently less functional for the user than the sort invented after World War II.
critique1263 The stuff dreams are made of. A complete retelling of the play as a dream of vengeance: will baffle purists but will delight the open-minded. A superb effort: great cinematography acting and script. 11-stars...***********
critique1264 There are a number of things that are not correct although this is not too important since what happened to whom and when is still in dispute. The most blatant liberty with the facts I think is when they start to play at Bruno Koschmidder's Kaiserkeller when in fact they played at the Indra and moved to the Kaiserkeller later.<br /><br />I agree with Semprinni20 that the film was biased in favour of Pete Best's version but if he is the story consultant then I guess he calls the shots. I also agree with Semprinni that the recordings Pete Best plays on say the last word on the subject of why he was fired.<br /><br />Although the film is not such a lavish production as the later film "Backbeat" I prefer this film because it is more accurate and because it has a better script with deeper characterisation.<br /><br />There is plenty in the film that is quite substantial - such as Brian Epstein trying to hide the fact that he has been "queer-bashed" only to find out that the band knew he was Gay all along. Little touches like the band going into a cafÃƒÂ© and ordering "Corn-Flakes mit Milch." My favourite scene which does have some bassis in fact is where at an audition Stuart Sutcliffe has just bought his bass guitar but can't play it so he stands with his back to the impresario and tries faking it but gets caught. That's rock 'n' roll.<br /><br />Well worth watching.
critique1265 Hitchcock displays his already developed understanding for visuals in this early silent film. The plot of the film involving two boxers fighting over a girl is straight-forward drama without much to recommend it. Hitchcock's talent though is found in his stunning use of images. Nearly every shot is filled with visual symbols. Especially memorable is the jewelry that one boxer gives the girl just before she marries the other boxer. He slides it up her arm in a clearly sexual way and with one simple movement Hitch has shown us all we need to know. The boxing scenes are handled well with some interesting point-of-view shots that again prove how far ahead of his time Hitchcock was. The film also gives insight into his later treatment of women. The object of the boxers' desires is driven by money and lust not reason or love. The only other women in the film are either beautiful party girls who make open offers of sex or old crones who help to destroy happy relationships. All in all the Ring is a must for anyone interested in Hitchcock's early work and his development as a visual storyteller.
critique1266 I'm not really a t.v. watcher - except between the ages of 6 and 8 and "General Hospital" still had Luke and Laura - but there are a few exceptions and I definitely think that "King of Queens" is one of them. Every decade has it's classics and I think that this show will (or damn-well should) be amongst this decade's best. Its comedic timing is awesome and can at times be down right odd. On a more 'serious' note the actors more than succeed in conveying subtle - and not so subtle :)- complexities in their characters without getting too hokey. One commenter wrote that it may take a couple of episodes to get into it and I agree; it's definitely one that kind of grows on you but once you're in you're pretty much hooked. And with good reason!
critique1267 action packedwith my favorite type of creature.I won't give any of it away if you have'nt seen itcause it's worth taking the time to sit down and unravel in the mystery of things as presented in this film.It did gets slow at times and those were the moments my mind wondered which does easily anyways but moist of it kept me quietly thrilledwhere you keep it in your head instead of letting it outprobably the mood I was in at the time.Special effects and action sequences you could feel made up for the occasional lulls.Of course there'es a duschload of movies out there exactly like thisthe film still has it's own style and flavorwhich I respect from underground independent horror movies anyways.
critique1268 Had the pleasure to see this film at the Big Bear Film Festival where it won the Audience Award. And I have to say it was well deserved because Boy Next Door is a very funny short film! The script is well written and keeps things escalating. It also has a great current of suspense coursing through it. You don't know what's going to happen next as the main character tries to deal with the realization that his new neighbor might not be the most ideal person to be living across from him. The jokes are quick and unexpected. The plot keeps us guessing. The dialog feels very real. I thought the direction was first-rate and the director Travis Davis shows a lot of potential for making it big in the world of studio comedies. Not small praise considering he also is the lead actor of the film so he had to do triple duty on this writing directing and starring. If you get a chance to see this film on iTunes it's worth the download. It'll make you laugh out loud a few times. And that's more than most shorts offer these days.
critique1269 This is one of the best lesbian films i have ever seen! This series brought joy and sadness of true love. Being set in the 1800's was an amazing look at lesbian lives and desires of lesbian women. The cast was beyond expectation! Rachael Stirling is an amazing actress i have never seen her other works but her portrayal of Nan made me connect with her feeling her heartache and pains and love. The one thing i feel most important is connecting with the characters in anything i watch. If anyone has doubts on seeing this film...Think twice! This is a must see series. Well done again to BBC! We need more lesbian films that portrays real love and hurts like this one. Living in Canada i had this DVD imported and i am so thrilled to have purchased it.
critique1270 I have seen a number of horror movies to know that this one was one of kind. Full Moon Pictures has a knack of giving this fan an entertaining night. For all the cheesiness of most vampire films This Is the ONE that has not only a good premise but has two good sequels. A Must See.
critique1271 Conrad Hall went out with a bang. The great film photographer finished his illustrious career with this movie before passing on. He did himself proud as this is one of the best-looking crime films you'll ever see.<br /><br />Of course the acting ain't bad when you have Tom Hanks and Paul Newman playing the leads! The amount of action in here is just right too: not too much; not too little.<br /><br />None of the characters in here frankly are "good guys" as Hanks is a professional hit-man for town boss Newman. Hanks' only redeeming quality is not wanting his young son to wind up a killer like him although he does teach him how to be the getaway man in robberies! Huh?<br /><br />As good as the acting is and as interesting as the story is the real star of this film is cinematographer Hall who paints scene after beautiful scene with his lens. His work is just awesome.
critique1272 I have just finished watching this film and I can honestly say that this is a work of art. I was very surprised to see the overall rating as 5.2.<br /><br />Not only does Guy bring together a b list(ish) movie cast and make them into such glorious characters he has given us a movie with a fantastically diverse story line with much left to the imagination.<br /><br />Far too many people are wanting movies with a plot that can be understood and handed to them on a plate...yet these are the films that get poor reviews because they are far too predictable.<br /><br />This film is special. Get it now!
critique1273 A unique film...one of the best of all time. Acting script Quincy Jones' score cinematography editing etc. -- just fantastic. As most viewers know this movie is based on Truman Capote's book about the famous murder of a Kansas farm family (the Clutters) by a couple of young guys during a misguided robbery. I've never seen a movie that so brilliantly turned a true story into a riveting film. <br /><br />The actors are solid across the board but the focus is on the killers Dick and Perry and the law enforcement team pursuing them. Scott Wilson as Dick Hickock is amazing. Cocky twitchy and devoid of compassion he comes across so charming oily and plausible. Robert Blake as Perry Smith is extraordinary as well -- lonely and at once empathetic and cold-blooded. Who could fold these characteristics into one individual and make us buy it? He does and it's brilliant! A key point of the book is how it took the intersection of these two very differently sociopathic individuals to create the critical mass to commit such a stupid and heinous crime and these two actors make it work beautifully. Both had moments in their subsequent careers but these performances are high water marks and that stands for acting period. <br /><br />The cops are wonderful too. Leading the investigation is John Forsythe but the other three detectives are great as well. Unlike contemporary movies where producers feel it necessary to endow police with superhuman assets or foibles these are just genuine flatfeet working the case with determination and competence. They seem so real. I've never seen cops on the screen so powerful in their authenticity; and I've seen most of the crime classics going way back. Really one of a kind in this respect. <br /><br />PARTIAL SPOILER COMING (this movie's unique in that you already know what's happened but I'm warning for the record). <br /><br />Of course the best scenes from the best crime shows and movies are the interrogations -- the intellectual fencing matches between the cops and the crooks Mano a Mano. This movie has hands down the best interrogation scenes you'll ever see on film. Watch Dick and Perry try to bluff their way through and slowly unravel unaware the cops have the goods on them. But the cops need to deftly prep their suspects to fracture their alibis and hopefully elicit confessions. This is some of the best acting you'll ever see. Think Glengarry Glen Ross without the showboating. <br /><br />To help translate the sad and horrific angles of this true story ICB was filmed at the actual Clutter house and I've heard the Clutters were played by film students to give them a genuine feel. It works. These seem like decent simple folk. It makes the crime so palpable and sad. <br /><br />I'll stop here. It's not a feel-good movie but it is one of the best movies ever made and so unique it's mandatory viewing for every film buff.
critique1274 Moonwalker by Michael Jackson is a real adventure film for the whole family!<br /><br />Before the real story of the movie starts we get a performance of the Bad Tour (Man In The Mirror) and it kicks off a great movie. After that we get a kind of a collage of Michael carrier as it was until Moonwalker came out in 1988. After a few Music Videos also (Speed Demon Leave Me Alone etc.) the story starts.<br /><br />The plot is basically that Michael and his 3 friends (who are kids) are being chased by the bad guy of the story "Mr. Big" because they discovered his evil plans of getting children all over the world hocked on drugs. During the chase we see fantastic segments fx. Michaels video for Smooth Criminal which is absolutely fantastic with its dance sequences etc. But then one of the kids get kidnapped by Mr. Big and Michael will haft to save her before she gets a drug addict.<br /><br />During the movie we see special effects not only amazing for those days standards but also impressive today. For instance see Michael turning in to a robot/spaceship in order to protect his friends! It's so cool!<br /><br />The movie ends with a performance of Come Together (later published in Michaels double-album of HIStory) and you leave the movie with a magic feeling. Amazing!<br /><br />I recommend this for every family who wants to spend a nice night together with candy and popcorn in front of the TV. And now some parents might stand up and say: "But Michael Jackson is an alleged child abuser!" Yeah he is indeed but come on we all know it isn't true! Wait and see..
critique1275 Sam Firstenberg's "Ninja 3:The Domination" mixes martial arts with "The Exorcist" like horror.The horror elements thrown on screen are simply laughablebut the film works as a mindless action/martial arts flick.The fight scenes are well-choreographed and excitingand the film is never boring.So forget stupid dialoguelame acting and annoying soundtrack-grab some beer and check this one out!Highly recommended!
critique1276 This was the best movie ever has seen on "Germen's Cine Club" (Buenos Aires) This movie is a realistic critic of the society of the past and the next century. It cause a very good impression to all the partners of "Germen's Cine Club". I recommend this movie to all the fans of Troma and to all the people who like the good movies not the commercial movies.
critique1277 A French novelist disgusted by his wife's society friends goes to North Africa for a respite. There he encounters a vivacious & talented Bedouin girl living in poverty. To spite his wife who is romancing a Maharajah he decides to train & educate the girl and present her to Parisian society as the PRINCESSE TAM TAM...<br /><br />The marvelous Josephine Baker is perfectly cast in the title role in this very enjoyable French film. With her enormous eyes & infectious smile she makes contact with the viewer's heartstrings immediately. Her over-sized personality & obvious joy of performing make her a pure pleasure to watch. Baker makes us care about what's happening to poor Alwina during her transformation & introduction to European mores.<br /><br />Albert PrÃƒÂ©jean does very well as the Pygmalion to Baker's Galatea; also effective are Georges Peclet as a half-caste servant and Jean Galland as the mysterious Maharajah.<br /><br />The film is very handsome & well made looking a little reminiscent of Busby Berkeley movies being produced at the same time in America - although unlike American films of this period PRINCESSE TAM TAM hasn't any racism. It should be pointed out that there was no Hays Office or Production Code in France. Some of the dialogue & action is rather provocative but it must be admitted that Baker singing & dancing to 'Under The African Sky' as well as her culminating performance in the Parisian nightclub are two of the cinema's more memorable moments.<br /><br />Actual location filming in Tunisia greatly enhances the film.<br /><br />Josephine Baker was born in St. Louis in 1906 into a very poor family. Her talent & driving ambition however soon pushed her into moving East and she was briefly a cast member of the Ziegfeld Follies. Realizing that America in the mid-1920's held great limitations for a gifted Black woman she managed to get herself to Paris where she eventually joined the FoliÃƒÂ©s-Bergeres & Le Negre Revue. The French adored her and she became a huge celebrity. A short return to America in 1935 showed Baker that things had not changed for African-Americans. She returned to France became a French citizen & worked for the Resistance during the early days of the War. Baker relocated to Morocco for the duration and entertained Allied troops stationed there.<br /><br />After the War Baker's fortunes began to slide and she faced many financial & personal difficulties. For a while she was even banned from returning to the United States. Finally Baker accepted an offer from Princess Grace of Monaco to reside in the Principality. Josephine Baker was on the verge of a comeback when she died of a stroke in 1975 at the age of 68.<br /><br />Having appeared in only two decent films - ZOUZOU & PRINCESSE TAM TAM - Baker is in danger of becoming obscure. But she deserves her place alongside Chevalier Dietrich & Robeson as one of her generation's truly legendary performers.
critique1278 Wang Bianlian is an old street performer who is known as a 'King of masks' for his mastery of Sichuan change art. Liang is a famous opera performer of Sichuan art and respects Wang as an artist and as a person. Liang is worried that a precious art shouldn't die with Wang and so he sows the seed of an heir in to Wang's mind. The film is about prejudices male domination state of art values and most importantly warmth.<br /><br />I can't recommend this film enough. The whole film is in loops. Everything has a significance. Its a long story which has been edited so well that the length of the film is just 91 minutes. A total satisfaction. For five minutes it is an artistic film next five minutes its a sad film next five minutes its a thriller. It just keeps changing its mood like its protagonist changes his face. Last scene on the rope is phenomenal. Story and script is flawless. Actors are brilliant. Both the protagonists are artists you can tell the way they have performed. Very impressive. It was not even nominated for Oscars. That year 'English patient' got the best film Oscar and in the foreign film category 'Kolya' won. 'Kolya' was just OK and about 'English patient' the lesser said the better. Watch it 9/10.
critique1279 - A group of bandits rob a train of the gold shipment it is carrying. In their escape the bandits split up. The one thief who knows where the gold is hidden is killed before he is able to talk. Three men have a different part of the "clue" that will lead to the gold. Can the banker the bandit and the bounty hunter work together to locate the missing loot? Or will they kill each other first? - The plot is an obvious take-off of Leone's The Good the Bad and the Ugly. Various scenes in the movie are also lifted from other films by Leone Corbucci and more. But to me it's done in a way that doesn't show disrespect to the original work. Instead Any Gun Can Play lovingly parodies some of the biggest films in Spaghetti Western history. The opening scene of three men riding into town and the final face-off between the three main stars are a wonderful homage to the SWs that came before.<br /><br />- Castellari adds a lot of nice touches of his own - the reflection in the spilled wine the Stranger's entrance with the vivid red background and the playful way the gold is discovered in the end. Although highly unbelievable many of the fight scenes are well staged and directed. Two fight scenes in particular (the market fight and the bath house fight) are very nicely done. He is also unafraid to try different things with his camera. Tight close-ups overhead shots and shots around corners are all common in Any Gun Can Play.<br /><br />- Another plus is the cast that Castellari had to work with. George Hilton is always good in these movies. Gilbert Roland is literally playing Gilbert Roland. And SW newcomer Edd Byrnes holds his own with the two SW veterans. The supporting cast features among others SW regular Gerard Herter.<br /><br />- Any Gun Can Play should not be taken too seriously. Nice touches of humor can be found throughout the movie. If this is possible with an SW it's more of a "feel good" movie - very reminiscent of some of the Terence Hill / Bud Spencer films.
critique1280 This movie takes the psychological thriller to new depths. Well written by Shane Black the film is executed phenomenally by the cast under the watchful eye of Director Jack Swanstrom. Clearly Swanstrom is a director that we should look out for in the future. His strength lies in his adaptation of personal experiences both on screen and in the classroom.<br /><br />This thought-provoking film is a must see for anyone who can appreciate action drama suspense and mystery. As with all good films the viewer goes on a journey of their own to find their individual interpretation of the movie. The mystical aspect of the film is intriguing and adds to the suspense. You find your self looking for the answers along with Marquette. Audiences have liked the movie on the festival circuit - with many awards received they must have agreed that A.W.O.L. (2006) is well worth watching. <br /><br />I'd love to own a copy - how do I go about getting one?
critique1281 With the badly injured Tony in an induced coma two things happen: Tony imagines himself leading the life of a salesman attending a business convention while his family and friends go through hell trying to cope with the possible loss of the big man. The dream sequences are right out of an old TWILIGHT ZONE episode as Tony finds himself transformed into an Average Joe trying to deal with a missing wallet and mixed-up identities while on a cross-country business trip. His intonation as a blazer- and khaki-wearing schnook is more mid-American and less that of an Italian thug from Noo Joisey. A nice touch. The shockingly long-haired hippy-dippy AJ (whom Paulie calls "Van Helsing" at one point) has a nice scene with his comatose old man. The best moment has the big boys trying to talk about life without Tony which immediately breaks down into a territorial dispute. Vito gets off a line about the new-dead Gene possibly having been a closet case which is interesting in light of what we are about to learn about Vito.
critique1282 Scream was Wes Craven's last decent thriller. Since then there has been nothing but an unbearable streak of Hollywood trash barely good enough for a blockbuster night including the disappointment of the Scream sequels. Perhaps the genius and the craftsmanship devoted to the movie drained all the energy and creativity out of him so that when it came time for supper he had nothing to serve us but his own doo doo. Finally after who knows how many bad movies later he gives us a delicious ruthless gripping chilling suspense thriller with Red Eye.<br /><br />Rachel McAdams once again delivers an enjoyable performance as she plays a hotel manager who has the unfortunate connection with an important political figure and regular at her hotel. Then she meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy Batman Beyond) at the airport who she gets to know a little better after a delayed flight and a bay breeze. What she doesn't know is he already knows her. And he also knows her father who she will never see again if she fails to cooperate and meet Jackson's demands- to use her connections to set up her hotel regular for assassination.<br /><br />You're probably thinking this is nothing but your everyday thriller complete with predictability and chase scenes. Although this is a good old fashioned thriller that's the beauty of it. No special effects. No cheap make up. Just classic suspense. You feel the desperation and regret with every decision McAdams is forced to make and you actually care for her as you cheer her on every move she makes to find an escape from her claustrophobic position.<br /><br />As always she delivers an entertaining and convincing performance. It's either her sweet face or her uncanny ability to sincerely cry but you always seem to sympathize with her if her role demands it. Cillian Murphy on the other hand is naturally creepy looking so even if the trailer didn't reveal it his ultimate transition from charming stranger to merciless jackass isn't so surprising. Perhaps it would have been more trippy to see a nice guy persona like Toby Maguire transforming into evil relentless madman. Nevertheless Cillian Murphy after his true identity is established played the role so solidly you'd really want him to die or at least get his ass kicked.<br /><br />Don't overlook this feature. There are plenty of chalkboard screeching moments and heart jumpers that will keep your eyes on the screen instead of your watch like you would at Craven's recent pictures. If not for the you do it for all the times you'll see your girlfriend or boyfriend or someone with popcorn jump and cling on to you. Wes finally gets it right. Aside from his trademark mastery in suspense Red Eye is not without its humor as McAdams' replacement Cynthia at the front desk fumbles to keep the hotel in order. It was a relief that Red Eye wasn't a disappointment. Instead you'll get the pleasure of seeing McAdams deliver another incredibly talented performance Murphy look creepier by the minute and Craven craft a classic traditional thriller. A flight that was delayed and would have been the beginning of Craven's renaissance had it arrived right after Scream.
critique1283 This film was both entertaining and thought-provoking. I'd recommend it to everyone who wants to be moved and challenged. Great acting directing - and it is Canadian to boot! It is a film that families can enjoy and serious movie lovers. The locations in Ontario evoked such a sense of nostalgia for the era. With so much garbage and superficial hype selling these days it is great to see that someone could back an independent flick. For any family that has risen to overcome a challenge or an obstacle - be it financial or illness - this film strikes a resounding chord! It approaches the idea of the afterlife in a contemporary way - without cheaply capitalizing on all the "gohst" and supernatural themes that have become staples in Hollywood and the TV networks.
critique1284 Wayne Wang's direction may be the ingredient which made this film much more impressive to me than "Slums of Beverly Hills" which covers remarkably similar ground. The interplay between Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman is riveting. Real chemistry there. This film succeeded in bringing me inside the dysfunctional life of these two women without dragging me down into depressed frustration. Susan Sarandon's character hammers at all the nerves which a narcissistic parent is capable of touching in an insecure adolescent. She amazingly manages to do this without coming across as floridly insane or intentionally sadistic. And Natalie Portman deflects each attack on her character's ego with the resigned grace of an intelligent codependent child untainted by the smug cynicism of the Natasha Lyonne character in "Slums of Beverly Hills". Portman's character is an adolescent with dignity under stress an unusual creature in modern films. The film reaches a very satisfying resolution without trying too hard. I highly recommend this film to the viewer who wants to be challenged and entertained.
critique1285 We usually think of the British as the experts at rendering great adventure from the Imperial age with the likes of The Four Feathers (1939) and Zulu simply because the Imperial age was for the most part British. Here in The Wind and the Lion we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.<br /><br />America's projection of power under Teddy Roosevelt is the backdrop for this conventional tale of the kidnapped damsel who despite her gentility is smitten by the rough manly nobility of her captor who in turn is disarmed by her beauty and scorn. (Politically correct prigs eager to see some slight of "native" peoples or cultures can rest assured that the way Arabs and Muslims are depicted here is far more flattering than the way their modern counterparts depict themselves on the current world stage.) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.<br /><br />Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son every member of the family can identify with one of the characters whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand Candace Bergen's feisty heroine John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy radiant ruthless can-do lieutenant Roosevelt's "Big Stick". There is a transcendent scene at the end when the little boy is symbolically swept away by the dashing Moor on his white steed. This is high adventure at its best.
critique1286 Surprisingly good early effort from Alfred Hitchcock. One of the only original screenplays written by Hitchcock himself this film shows remarkable story structure. It kicks off with a rousing boxing match in which carnival champ "One Round" Jack loses to a challenger from the audience who happens to be a professional prizefighter. The movie then slows down to develop the characters and introduce a love triangle between Jack his girl and the professional boxer. The rest of the film is a dramatic buildup to the rematch between the two men this time for the heavyweight crown. Even in this early film Hitchcock shows his talent for meaningful cinematography and prop placement. An armband bought for the girl by the boxer continues to pop up throughout the movie as a symbol of her unfaithfulness. The only big detractor of this film is that the art of filming a boxing match had not yet been perfected in 1927. The final match as a result ends up being somewhat anticlimactic. The story though is what carries this film through.
critique1287 I am probably a little too old for this movie 16 and being a guy the story is a little too girlie but I really thought it was a cool movie overall. All the girls in this movie are so hot and really great actresses from Alana to Adrianne to Deena to Kimberly all the way down to the cute girl that plays Alana's little sister Rachel. I am not a huge pop-star fan with the lovesick songs but I thought that Aaron Carter did a really great job in this and seems like he was really into this movie and made it seem real. My mom liked all the older farts that she grew up with so that's cool too. I kept thinking that I liked a lot of the people and wonder if I will see them again? A sequel would be cool. I rented this but I might buy it too since I have a ton of DVD's and like to go back to see something that I missed. I couldn't buy it at Blockbuster though so I don't know where I could buy it right now but I'll look into that. Anyway I am a 16 year old guy I already said that I know but I would totally take a date to see this. It's really good for all ages really. I think even my little half sister who is 6 could see this. That's what is so cool about it that it is something that all ages can see. I'm sure that was done on purpose but it really works. Girls can dream about being with Aaron Carter and guys like me can dream about all the hot chicks in this movie. There is something for everyone.
critique1288 This totally odd-ball feature is a typical and prime example of satanically shocking 70's horror. The events are thoroughly confusing and it takes up quite a while before you figure out what the hell is going on but the brooding atmosphere sucks you in immediately. Right from the indescribably bizarre intro showing a couple of eerie children turning toys into real-life war machinery you just know this become an uncompromising and gritty shocker. "Brotherhood of Satan" soon appears to be another installment in the alleged & unofficial "creepy little town hiding a dark secret" sub genre. A young widower traveling with his new yummy girlfriend and 8-year-old daughter stops in a remote little town to report a car accident they witnessed on a nearby highway. The villagers behave very hostile and insist the visitors on leaving right away. The town clearly bathes in an ambiance of fear and panic as local children vanish inexplicably vanished and unnatural forces maintain everyone within the boundaries of town. Hillsboro is in the grip of a satanic cult apparently ruled by the elderly members of the community. I really liked "Brotherhood of Satan" a lot. The story reminded me of a novel written by John Saul but I can't remember the title. It also dealt with a cult of elderly people abusing youthful villagers for their own greedy merits. The film mainly relies on creepy scenery (like dolls and witchcraft relics) but a slightly more involving and coherent screenplay would have been nice. The subject matter often raises a lot of issues and questions and director Bernard McEveety can't always provide us with answers. The climax is terrific very seventies (meaning shocking) and unforgettable. Beautifully shot film too.
critique1289 The Hand of Death aka Countdown in Kung Fu (1976) is a vastly underrated early work by director John Woo. The film stars Dorian Tan (Tan Tao-liang) and features Jackie Chan Sammo Hung and James Tien in significant supporting roles. Many people believe or have been lead to believe by deceptive advertising that this is a Jackie Chan film. This is not a Jackie Chan film Dorian Tan is the star but Jackie gives one of his best (most serious) early performances.<br /><br />The Hand of Death is about a Shaolin disciple named Yunfei (Tan) who is sent on a mission to assassinate a Shaolin traitor named Shih Xiaofeng (Tien) and protect a revolutionary named Zhang Yi (Woo). Along his journey Yunfei meets up with a young woodcutter named Tan (Chan) and a disgraced sword fighter (Chang Chung) known as "the wanderer." Both men have suffered at the hands of Shih and want to take revenge. The three team up to defeat Shih and his eight bodyguards and escort the revolutionary to safety.<br /><br />The martial arts action is above average under the direction of Sammo Hung. Dorian Tan uses his trademark high kicks very effectively as the "Northern eighteen styles kicks" along with some "Southern five styles boxing." Sammo Hung and Jackie Chan provide excellent martial arts performances as well. James Tien is not the greatest martial artist on the Jade screen but does an acceptable job. Some of the early fights are a bit slow and seem over choreographed but the final showdowns featuring Chan Tan and Hung are very good.<br /><br />Director John Woo provides plenty of interesting character development in the film which is refreshing. The cinematography by Leung Wing Kat is very stylish unique and beautiful for a kung fu film of this era. Joseph Koo's music: a combination of soft flutes and 70's "Shaft" style orchestral pieces is kung fu cinema at its best. Hand of Death is not Jackie and Sammo's usual kung fu comedy. Hand of Death is a serious straightforward revenge driven story.<br /><br />Hand of Death aka Countdown in Kung Fu is an underrated classic in the old school kung fu genre. The film is one of the best artistically of its time and a preview of the great things to come from Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung. Hung's great choreography is put on display here before his directorial debut and Chan's early charisma and talent can be clearly seen.<br /><br />Hand of Death is a solid stylish old school kung fu film and a brilliant early work of the legendary John Woo.<br /><br />Kung Fu Genre Rating 7.5/10 <br /><br />Wanderer to Tan (referring to his new weapon): "The Little Eagle Wing God Lance." <br /><br />Tan: "Just a knickknack."
critique1290 A teenage film about angst friendship loyalty and growing-upÃ‚Â… but this isn't a happy outing on its part due to the circumstances and life-changing dilemmas surrounding the premise. What eventuates is quite numbing haunting and downright cold. However I was expecting something a little more powerful and effective and while engrossing and unforgettable it didn't entirely stir up much in the way of emotions. The performances are reasonably a mixed bag but there's a brutal honesty to them all. Dennis Hopper and especially Daniel Roebuck are amazingÃ‚Â… Crispin Glover eccentrically over does it and Keanu Reeves' dead as wood turn seems to pay off in his custom slacker role. Joshua John Millar is quite good and so is Ione Skye. Jim Metzler chimes in with a short but highly engaging performance. The story is dramatically confronting character-laced and harrowing in its eventual breakdown where it infuses a gritty and painful punch. JÃƒÂ¼rgen Knieper's swirling music score is simmering with anxiety tension and wonder as the morals and commitments are tested and learnt.
critique1291 This movie really kicked some ass. I watched it over and over and it never got boring. Angelina Jolie really kicked some ass in the movie you should see the movie you won't be disappointed. And another reason you should see the movie is because the guy from The X-Files is in it David Duchovny.
critique1292 What a perfect example of "Less Is More..." Kurt Russell (Sgt. Todd) only has 72 lines and something like 104 words. What a challenge! Like a black and white photo when your mind's eye has to fill in the blanks the facial expressions the physical drama the emotive gesture all combines to make a stronger impact. This is one of those top 5 movies I can't live without right up there with the classics like Road Warrior. If you liked this check out "Mad Max 2 The Road Warrior" and "Braveheart" both starring Mel Gibson. Also "Gladiator" with Russell Crowe and Connie Nielsen who was in Soldier also. The "Thirteenth Warrior" starring Antonio Banderas and "Blade Runner" starring Harrison Ford.
critique1293 This is another of my favorite Columbos. It sports a top-notch cast including John Cassavetes who was never handsomer or sexier Anjanette Comer Myrna Loy and Blythe Danner. Now here's something I've always wondered - had Gwenyth Paltrow been born when this episode was shot or was Danner pregnant at the time? Thanks to IMDb I have my answer - she was five months' pregnant. Now I can really feel ancient.<br /><br />Cassavetes plays a brilliant conductor whose marriage to Danner was apparently to use the social connections of her mother (Loy). He has a mistress on the side Anjanette Comer a prominent pianist but she announces she wants more. She's sick of being back street. On the night of their concert he gets rid of her and makes it look like suicide. Columbo picks up a few problems immediately. One thing he notices: "You have a beautiful woman here - bedroom eyes - she has money a body and a career. Where's the man?" It's wonderful to see Falk and good friend Cassavetes together. There's a very funny episode at the vet with Columbo's Bassett. Everyone in the cast is great.<br /><br />This is one of the episodes that made Columbo the classic series it became.
critique1294 I caught Evening in the cinema with a lady friend. Evening is a chick flick with no apologies for being such but I can say with some relief that it's not so infused with estrogen that it's painful for a red-blooded male to watch. Except for a single instance at the very end of the movie I watched with interest and did not have to turn away or roll my eyes at any self-indulgent melodrama. Ladies for their part will absolutely love this movie.<br /><br />Ann Lord is elderly bed-ridden and spending her last few days on Earth as comfortably as possible in her own home with her two grown daughters at her side. Discomfited by the memories of her past Ann suddenly calls out a man's name her daughters have never heard before: Harris. While both of her daughters silently contemplate the significance of their mother's strong urge to recall and redress her ill-fated affair with this mysterious man at this of all times Ann lapses back in her head to the fateful day she met Harris - and in doing so lost the youthful optimism for the future that we all inevitably part ways with.<br /><br />Both Ann and her two daughters - one married with children one a serial "commitophobe" - struggle with the central question of whether true love really exists and perhaps more importantly if true love can endure the test of time. Are we all one day fated to realize that love never lasts forever? Will we all realize that settling for the imperfect is the only realistic outcome? The subtle fact that the aged Ann is still wrestling with an answer to these questions on her deathbed is not lost on her two daughters.<br /><br />The cinematography for Evening is interesting - most of the film is spent in Ann's mind as she recalls the past and for that reason I think the film was shot as if it was all deliberately overexposed to give everyone an ethereal glow (and thus make it very obvious that all of this is not real but occurred in the past). Claire Danes is beautiful (appearing to be really really tall though just 5' 5" in reality) and is absolutely captivating in one climactic scene where her singing talents are finally put to the test.<br /><br />You can't really talk trash about the cast which leads off with Claire Danes and doesn't let up from there: Vanessa Redgrave Patrick Wilson Meryl Streep and Glenn Close fill out the other major and minor roles in the film.<br /><br />I can't really say anything negative about this film at all though Hugh Dancy's struggle to have his character emerge from utter one-dimensionality is in the end a total loss. Playing the spoiled lovable drunk offspring of the obscenely rich who puts up a front of great bravado but is secretly scared stiff of never amounting to anything probably doesn't offer much in the way of character exploration - he had his orders and stuck to them.<br /><br />In the end gentlemen your lady friend will most certainly weep and while you'll likely not feel nearly as affected the evening will definitely not be a waste for the time spent watching Evening. Catch it in theatres or grab it as a rental to trade off for points for when you want to be accompanied to a viewing of Die Hard 4 or the upcoming Rambo flick. It'll be your little secret that this viewing didn't really cost you much at all.
critique1295 I'll start off right at the beginning by saying "I like this movie." It's sweeping it's grand it's gripping and it's fun. Sinhue the physiciansits in front of his small stone hut writing his memoirs. And what a story it is! Taken from a river and reared by an elderly couple who doted on him he becomes a physician to the poor. He befriends Horemheb who sees glory while Sinhue sees healing. And both run into the future pharaoh Anknaten (forgive my spellings) who endures an epileptic fit.<br /><br />And this pharaoh has another "flaw": He believes in one god instead of a pantheon of gods. Back then this was totally revolutionary. Sinhue and Horemheb grow up. One night Sinhue sees a woman who makes him lose his senses. He gives up his practice sells his parents' home and even their tombs just to spend a night with her. Does he? I won't tell. Meanwhile Merit a tavern maid played with sweet simplicity belying strength by Jean Simmons falls in love with Sinhue. She falls under his spell and under the spell of the belief in one god.<br /><br />Victor Mature overacts perfectly as Horemheb. Edmond Purdom is sincere as Sinhue the lost physician (does he find redemption? Stay tuned). Even Bela Darvi the woman who steals Sinhue's heart isn't as bad as everyone has said. The fact that she was Daryl F. Zanuck's mistress had nothing to do with the casting - right? Yeah right...still she wasn't that bad _ I've seen worse. I think she did better in "The Egyptian" than many of today's young actresses have done in anything. I said it before and I'll say it again -- I like this movie. I recommend it. It makes you think despite some hammy acting. Have fun with this movie; it's worth it.
critique1296 Some people think this was a rather bad TV series with cheesy effects. (considering it was filmed between 1977-1979) but really look back at those years and think "We didn't have computers back then." so if you think about it it's a rather good TV series.<br /><br />I always figured bad ratings killed the show but no. the network did. they canceled out their theme as "The superhero network" and abandoned a short lived spider-man series. if it had gone on it probably would have run well into the 80's and if it was really lucky (And i mean really lucky) the early 90s.<br /><br />And no one wanted to pick this series up.<br /><br />Anyways Jolly old (or young) Nicholas Hammond of The sound of music fame is brought to the TV screen as peter parker the Secret identity of the amazing spider-man. along the series peter deals with a clone a beautiful girl from a foreign country and a corrupt politician.<br /><br />while the series is way out of timeline (being that peter is already graduated from university and thats when he gets bit and uncle Ben is already dead) The audience is treated to action suspense and the attitude that the characters have towards peter and his alter ego spider-man.<br /><br />While it's also slightly disappointing that Robert. F Simon looks nothing like J.J.Jameson it's not so disappointing that Betty grant isn't Betty grant but a hot African American girl (who reminds me of Halle berry who is one of the hottest women on the planet) so really this one wasn't so bad.<br /><br />but considering the time and how much drama they packed into this one it kind of foreshadows what bad TV is today. either way it's entertaining even for today.<br /><br />8/10
critique1297 <br /><br />I have to admit to enjoying bad movies. I love them I watch all of them. Horror especially. My friends and I all gather after a hard week at school and work rent some crazy tapes order a pizza and have a blast. One of the ones we got at Hollywood Video was this one Zombie Bloodbath. This one had a great box so I was expecting less than usual.<br /><br />The story is about a housing project that is built over a nuclear facility that has had the above-ground layers bulldozed and the other underground layers are simply covered up. The inhabitants of this neighborhood find the covered up facility when some kids fall into a hole inside a cave. This wakes up some zombies.<br /><br />From this point on it's chunk-city. The gore effects and action never stop until the end credits roll.<br /><br />OK it's not great art but this one with it's in-joke dialogue and over-the-top gruesome stuff was our favorite of the evening. Actually it was one of the best "party tapes" I have ever had the pleasure of watching. And you could tell it was done on no money with a bunch of crazy people. There are hundreds of zombies and the Director looks like Brendan Frazer (he has a cameo) and it is just a wild trip.
critique1298 I just found the IMDb and searched this film and I was moved almost to tears by the comments of all the people who saw this film as I did when 6 or so years old in 1967?. I saw it before the Jungle Book so I was Eagle Boy for a few hours and then Mowgli for the next year. I burst into tears at the cinema when the boy turned into the Eagle and always wanted to see the film again. When we got home we had a Roast chicken dinner and I got the wish bone and guess who I wished to be? My dad then said 'I bet you wished to be an Eagle' and of course we all know that wishes are broken if someone guesses so more tears and a little resentment to this day for not being able to fly away...
critique1299 All the people who voted a meager 1 on this movie this is all I have to say: You guys have not matured enough to enjoy cinema of this kind. It takes a certain amount of dedication to reach that level of appreciation. And that is the segment of people this movie was aimed at. Not you average movie-goers by any chance! . Back to the movie. This one was a gem all right and definitely an inclusion in the Bollywood hall of fame. I'd give it an all time rank of no # 2 surpassed only by Kanti Shah's legendary Gunda. This movie had an impeccable story line and created a beautiful blend between a fantasy and sci-fi. Pan's Labyrinth would have in fact been ashamed of the balance created between the parallel stories. And now do i really need to mention the stellar cast and even stellar-er (that is a word from NOW) performances from them (a special mention goes to Mr. Nigam for the best debut ever in any movie on this earth). Every actor in this movie had been very carefully chosen and the role were tailor made for them (and for their age too I must add). Manisha Koirala still looks like she's 18 and wow man with that figure I would have raped her too. Are you wondering where did this rape thing come in suddenly? Yes a rape is what the premises of this movie is based on. And that is so not like your average Bollywood type movies. If you are an atheist or an agnostic by any chance this movie is again a must for you. Because this movie can heal your faith. I don't think it'd even be going too far saying that this movie can cure cancer. Only the people who need it the most fail to appreciate its power charm and undying beauty. Tchch so unfortunate!<br /><br />Only flaw in this movie: In your dreams baby! This was flawless.<br /><br />Only minor complain: The director failed to star Mithun Da as well. <br /><br />I won't ruin it for you any further. Just go and watch it. TODAY. And if you like it here are some more recommendation from me. Gunda Desh Drohi Aparichit the old Ramsay Brothers horror movies Loha Indra the tiger and Sivaji.
critique1300 One thing I'm sure everyone who has seen this film will agree on is that it is very creepy. The other films in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are creepy too but they are all different in what makes them creepy but they all roughly deal with the same thing they all deal with the mind. Definitely the staring people are very creepy each of them sent shivers down my spine that made me incapable of sitting still. Again if you have seen the other two films mentioned I'm sure you'll find this quite creepy because you begin to expect typical Polanski traits that you think you have caught onto he is aware of this and will keep teasing you with simple things personally every time Trelkovsky would slowly turn around I would be bracing myself for a jump maybe that's just me but it felt intended to do that though it was quite subtle there is no build up of the music in those moments.<br /><br />The acting in this was pretty good mostly that from Polanski of course the other characters in the film don't have all that much time to outshine the lead. Polanski really proves himself as an all-round great filmmaker he not only can direct and write great films but he can actually act too. I don't think there is any other better person who could have pulled off the Trelkovsky character Polanski settled right on in perfectly. I like seeing films where the director is also apart of the main cast to me it really highlights their fantastic versatility and talent which I respect greatly.<br /><br />One thing I didn't like about this film is how it was done in English. For those who don't know this is a French film American financed and as well to make it more commercially successful it was mostly done in English. There are parts which it is very obvious there has been dubbing and I don't know why it is but 3/4 of the time when there is a dub they get the complete wrong person to do the dub. There is a women in the film who when she speaks it's obvious it's a dub but they got the most annoying person to do the voice-over it was seriously pain to my ears to hear her speak she had the loudest high pitch voice I've heard in a while it almost seemed fake but I don't see what the point was she was a rather small character. I honestly would of preferred if they just left it as it was filmed parts of it in French and parts of it in English because the dubbing in this film was a pain and was not near (two completely different films I know) the high standard of another film that did a similar thing which was The Good the Bad and the Ugly. I realise it's not a big problem just when you do realise it it gets annoying but I'm sure you won't sit there the long trying to lip read what they are actually saying regardless if you know French.<br /><br />Whats so great about Polanski is that he will let you think you know him that you know his style which in some aspects you do but really you can't see whats behind that corner. This film is a lot more open to interpretation than the other two films mentioned which I think really strengthens this one in particular. I personally feel this is the best of the three I'm unsure which comes next but they are all relatively close in their level of greatness. The ending is fantastic it is so easy to dwindle on it for a long time to come and get nowhere. I choose not to think to much on it just to have my personal opinion and leave it at that.<br /><br />I've rambled on and I haven't really given any insight on what makes this film so great I don't think so I'll quickly do it here. If you liked Repulsion and/or Rosemary's Baby I guarantee you will enjoy this film to say the least. For those who are too unfortunate to have seen either then I recommend you check this film out if your looking for something that is quite a creepy film that is quite intelligent particularly the end as well if your looking for something that deals with the mind paranoia even though that is better fitted under Repulsion.
critique1301 This BBC version of an Agatha Christie book shows the pitfalls of following a book too closely. Christie's books tend to move at a gentle sometimes even sedate pace and "Evans" is one that certainly does. It also has a solid school of red herrings to confuse the plot. This version is extremely faithful to the book which results in a very slow involved story. As a Christie fan I gave it 7 stars but it takes 3 hours to make its way through a relatively action-free story. I appreciate some of the tightening of plots that the BBC did for its later Christie productions much more.<br /><br />In the end this movie is a leisurely pleasure highlighted by the breathy waif Francesca Annis who brings considerable charisma to her role and plays off James Warwick very well.
critique1302 I saw this movie when I was very young living in Houston Texas. I really enjoyed this movie and I wrote to Jean Peters in Hollywood and I told her how much I enjoyed seeing her in this movie. She sent me an autographed photo. This movie was directed by Jacques Tourneur and besides Jean Peters in the starring role. It also stars Louis Jourdan Debra Paget and Herbert Marshall. It was released in 1951 in color and is 81 minutes long. Jean Peters was married to Howard Hughes. She also starred in "Viva Zapata" with Marlon Brando Anthony Quinn who won an Oscar for playing the role Zapata's brother (Marlon Brando starred as Zapata) (1952). And she also starred in "Captain from Castile" (1947) with Tyron Power. Since then I've been trying to find a place where it is available but so far I have not been successful. Does anybody have any suggestions about where I can find and purchase this movie? It this comment contains spoilers I am unaware of it.
critique1303 When I was a kid it was Lex Barker's time as Tarzan. I often heard from older people that Johnny Weissmuller "was" Tarzan and I wouldn't understand why since I saw a couple of Weismuller's last films in the character and I thought he was sort of out of shape. It wasn't after many years that I came across "Tarzan and His Mate" and then I understood. Weismuller is in shape in this picture and has the presence and rugged looks the character demands not matched yet by other Tarzans such as Barker Gordon Scott Jock Mahoney Denny Miller Miles O'Keefe and Cristopher Lambert.<br /><br />As for this film I was also surprised by the sensual presence of beautiful Maureen O'Sullivan a strong self minded active and "no-inhibitions" woman as Jane way ahead of the times in which the film was made (Tarzan pushes her into a pond naked as she is amused; one of the explorers kisses her by surprise and though she doesn't kiss him back she sort of let him do for a bit and makes no big deal out of it); such behaviors were unthinkable with the "Janes" to come such as Brenda Joyce Vanessa Brown Virginia Huston or Dorothy Hart all playing sort of too perfect sweet vulnerable women making it hard to believe they could survive in a hostile place like the African jungle.<br /><br />O'Sullivan character's sparkling personality steals the show out of Tarzan himself except of course when it comes to action and Weismuller takes the lead easily; the combination is perfect. Another highlight in the movie is Cheeta's secondary role and not as the main lead like in later Tarzan pictures where she often saves the day.<br /><br />"Tarzan and His Mate" stands as a fine product in its genre (Tarzan films) and perhaps as the best though I have to admit that I also enjoyed "Tarzan's Greatest Adventure" (1959) made with a higher budget and a strong supporting cast (and in spite of the just acceptable Gordon Scott in the leading role with his too perfect "all gymnasium" physical looks that doesn't fit for a rustic ape man).<br /><br />Good for Jane and her mate!
critique1304 (Some Spoilers) Early 1930's educational movie about the horrors of contracting a social disease and the consequences that come along with it: blindness madness loss of ones abilities to function as well as infecting other people with it even one's unborn children and finally death. "Damaged Lives" is far ahead of it's times in educating it's viewers about the dangers Venereal Deasise. viewed now over 70 years after it's release back in 1933 is as good if not better then the many films about that subject made back in the 1940's 1950's and even 1960's.<br /><br />Donald Bradley Lyman Williams is a top executive of a major shipping company who's been going study with his girlfriend Joan Diane Sinclair for some time. both are finally planing to get married and raise a family. Out at a party one evening Donald meets Elsie Cooper Charlotte Merriam and together they have one drink too many and before you know it end up spending the night together in Elsie's home. <br /><br />Thinking nothing of his one night stand with Elsie Donald later marries his long time love Joan and they both plan to have a child or so they thought. At the office Donald get a panicked call from Elsie telling him to come over to her place right away about something very important. Rushing over Donald finds out to his horror that Elsie has a sexual infection that she got from her boyfriend Nat Harry Myers and that she may have given it to Donald and he in turn may have infected his wife Joan. Telling Elsie that she's wrong about him being infected and that she should seek medical attention Elsie shoots herself as Donald is just about to leave. <br /><br />Getting over Elsie's tragic death Donald gets another surprise later when his doctor Dr. Bill Hill Jason Robards Sr comes over to his office telling him to immediately come with him to the hospital to talk to Infectious Disease Specialist Dr. Vincent Leonard Murray Kinnell about his wife Joan who's just been admitted there. The terrible truth about Donald and his wife Joan hits him like a bolt out of the blue and leaves him speechless just like it did Joan earlier. Both have been infected and the infection is the dreaded and unspeakableback in the 1930's infection called Venereal Disease. <br /><br />Told by Dr. Leonard that it would take some two years of treatment for both Donald and Joan to be completely cured it leaves Joan in a state of dangerous suicidal thoughts. Later in the film Joan feeling that she has nothing to live for closes all the windows in her and Donald's apartment and turns on the gas stove full blast in order to kill herself and Donald who was asleep at the time. <br /><br />Honest film about the ravages of Venereal Disease and the damage that it does to those who are infected by it both psychically as well as mentally and how it could be cured if given immediate medical care instead of hiding it from one's doctor and keeping it hidden for fear of shame and embarrassment until it's too late.
critique1305 I resisted seeing this movie and I understand why it was not a big hit in theatres. "October Sky" feels and looks oh so familiar. And it is. All plot contrivances and emotions have been explored before in other films -- and possibly even better. But despite it's familiarity and resistance to all formulas Hollywood this movie is winning and likeable at every turn. <br /><br />Sputnik is the inspiration for this journey of the heart mind and soul. Just as the characters from Steven Sondheim's musical MERRILY WE ROLL ALONG stood agape atop their apartment roof hoping it would launch their new generation ("What do you call it? You call it a miracle.") Sputnik has a similar affect on the young rocket boys of this true tale. While jaded townsfolk of their 1950's coal town dismiss the event Homer Hickham sees Sputnik as his ticket out of a life in the mines.<br /><br />Masterful direction and casting make the journey of rocket boy Homer and his pals seem fresh and new. Especially affecting are subplots concerning Homer's ailing young school teacher. Remarkable restraint is shown in depicting their delicate relationship. Also remarkable is the father / son supblot that anchors the film. Perfectly played all around. Even Homer's mom gets her moment without cliche or intrusion. Her ultimatum to her husband is both dignified and heatbreaking. "Myrtle Beach" says it all. <br /><br />A major video chain I despise has a sign next to this film stating that you'll love this film or they'll refund your money. For once I agree with them. You'll never look at the October sky quite the same again.<br /><br />
critique1306 I really love this movie!!! I haven't played Final Fantasy VII but i still loved the movie its really funny and I love the job the voice-over actors have done. The visuals are SO fantastic and all the lines are so well done.<br /><br />I have to admit i have a pretty good imagination so I was able to fill most of the gaps the movie presented and I suggest you watch it twice because lots of things "suddenly" make sense.<br /><br />Also (this is pretty funny) you should watch it with the subtitles on because what they say and what the subs say are sometimes completely different. Its really usually pretty funny but sometimes it helps u to understand what they say better.<br /><br />Watch it!!! love Marnie
critique1307 Comment? Like my comment is necessary? We are talking about all time masterpiece for all seasons and all generations. This is only type of movies that i still have patience to watch. In this like in other Disney's movies is some kind of magic. All characters are in some way "alive" and "real" so it's easy to understand message even if you don't understand language (like i didn't understood when i first watched movie because i was about six years old). Maybe my English is not so good but i learned what i know mostly from this kind of movies and this is one more great dimension of this kind of movies which in present time are rare. But there is a one big shame. In my country is now impossible to watch this or any other Disney's movie! We don't have copyrights so our children are disabled to enjoy and learn from this kind of movies. So we will watch this movie again "Once upon a dream" or...?
critique1308 This movie tells about the real life story of Ramon Sampedro who lived for 27 years lying in bed after having broken his neck and fights a battle to get legal permission for someone that can assists with his death.<br /><br />Javier Bardem is one of best actors of his generation. Consider this: he has to carry this movie with only his face! Unbelievable that he didn't even got an Oscar-nomination. Now we can all see that the Academy is a joke! The supporting cast was terrific! The optimistic Rosa his lawyer Julia the rest of the family...Each and everyone has his/her own opinion about the fact that Ramon wants to die.<br /><br />Whether your for or against euthanasia put your opinions aside because this movie deserves to be seen by people all over the world! Half way through the movie I started crying and it didn't stop until the credits rolled. This movie is so heartbreaking but also wonderful to watch and I can't wait to see it again. I give it a 9/10 and in my opinion it is by far the Best Film of the year so far.
critique1309 This is a really old fashion charming movie. The locations are great and the situation is one of those old time Preston sturgess movies. Fi you want to watch a movie that doesn't demand much other then to sit back and relax then this is it. The acting is good and I really liked Michael Rispoli. He was in Rounders too. And While You Were Sleeping. The rest of the cast is fun. It's just what happens when two people about to get married meet the one that they really love on the weekend that they are planning their own weddings. I know... sounds kooky... but it is. And that's what makes it fun to watch. It will make your girl friend either hug you or leave you but at least you'll know.
critique1310 Birth of the Beatles for being a US television movie released in the fall of 1979 has actually been so far the best movie which tells the tale of the the four lads from Liverpool that revolutionized the music industry and the world. As told by the point of view of former Beatle Pete Best. The performance from the entire cast is excellent but most especially the performance by Stephen Mackenna as John Lennon and Rod Culbertson as Paul McCartney. The film was produced by a legend of the Rock and Roll eraMr Dick Clark. Who a year earlier in 1978 had produced another TV movie that has stood the test of time starring "Kurt Rusell" in the lead role about another musical legend; "ELVIS". That movie was directed by an unknown director named "John Carpenter" who went on to direct other successful movies such as; "Halloween""Escape From New York" and "The Thing". The same can be said for the director of the "Birth of the Beatles" Mr Richard Marquand. He went on to direct other theatrical blockbusters such as "Star Wars Return of the Jedi""Eye of the Needle"and "Jagged Edge" among many. The only other film that tells the story of the Fab Four that I know ofis Back Beat which had a theatrical release in 1994. However the critics did not care for itnor did the public for it did not have a long life span in the theater. Birth of the Beatles is very charming and simplistic film that gives you the essence of the beginning of the legend and the struggles & hardships they went thru and ends at there pinnacle of success when they arrive in NYC and appear in the Ed Sullivan show in 1964. I highly recommend this film.
critique1311 My favorite show of all time! Yeah I thought this was so cool and Larisa Oleynik was the first crush I ever had (AAAAWWWWWW). It was well written funny-except when it it wanted to be serious and just a great show overall. But since we couldn't afford to keep Nick I couldn't see any episodes after Feb. 1996 and maybe that makes me think more of the show than I should. To me it's more the epidemy (now that doesn't look spelled right!) of having to say "Goodbye" to someone that you love and KNOW you'll never see them again. And I still think that because as far as I know there are no plans to release this on DVD any time soon...yeah life is mean! I've found that out for sure (though you can find an odd episode every here or there...but I never liked the bootleg copies of things much either).<br /><br />So enough of my sad life:(....Most kids in 7th grade don't NEED powers like Alex gets to get them through life (unrealistic--for sure) but then again how many towns have a super-evil chemical plants that is willing to do anything for "Progress at ANY cost"? Gee this show was fun to watch! Though I'd agree the diaglouge is a bit over developed (and even a little Politically Correct sometimes). My favorite parts were when the kids would have some reason to break into the plant (a video tape or something like that) like a kid's version of "Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six" (which years later I got hooked on that game series for probably the same reason) almost! Then you've got the plant's "security" team who are trying desperately to find the "kid from the accident"...very mean dudes (at least when I first watched the show...they seem more sympathetic to me now). I feel rather sad for Larisa Oleynik not sure if she minds this role type-casting her.....but it's what I'll always remember her by.<br /><br />Oh and BTW the actor that plays Aaron Peirce from "24" is on here too as a school coach or something....too cool! Maybe he can get the producers of that show to get Larisa in next season of "24". I only bring it up 'cuz Jack Bauer is my other TV hero and I'd just love to see cross-over things lol:). Both are set in California so I'll just keep on dream'n...I can see it now "Let me alone with that suspect for a few minutes....no I don't need a car battery!"
critique1312 The film tells upon the title roleDanton(Gerard Depardieu)confronting against Robespierre(Wojciech Pszoniak) during the French revolution.The film is based on real deedsthey are the following: Danton(1759-1794) as lawyer participated in the overthrowing of the king Louis XVI and the proclamation of the Republicbeing Minister of Justice in the Convention(1792)and founder of Cordeliers club.He proposed creation revolutionaries committees as the committee of public salvation which he presided but was substituted by Robespierrestarting a period of revolutionary dictatorship known Ã‚Â¨the TerrorÃ‚Â¨(1793). Besides in the film appear other historic personages as Camille Desmoulins(Patrice Chereaunow a famed filmmaker)Louis DavidSaint Just(Jacobino)Tallien..<br /><br />The picture especially narrates the happenings surrounding the facing off of the principal figuresone-time partner revolution and posterior executionalthough gives results a contemporary parable about the modern Polandthus Danton is Lech Walesa and Robespierre is Wojciech Jaruzelski who was the Prime Minister imposed the martial law in Poland and with similar name than actor played Robespierre . Gerard Depardieu is excellent in the title character and magnificently portrayed also in secondaries roles are awesome actors as the recently deceased Jacques Villeret(Dinner gameCrimen in paradise)and Angela Winkler(The tin drum). The motion picture is well directed by Andrzej Wajda considered the best Polish director.The flick will like to historical cinema buffs.
critique1313 Babs Johnson (Divine) lives in a trailer with her son Crackers her daughter Cotton and her mother Edie (Edie Massey). She's in competition with a couple named Connie and Raymond Marbles (Mink Stole David Lochary) to be named the filthiest person alive. The film shows their attempts to outdo each other.<br /><br />This film is very much NOT for everyone. It's a in your face no holds barred assault in bad taste. Crackers has sex with a woman with a live chicken between them while his sister watches; the Marbles pick up female hitchhikers impregnate them keep them chained in the basement and sell the babies to lesbian couples; Divine and family have a party which includes cannibalism etc etc. It's disgusting but in a way not unwatchable. It's SO over the top and is so unapologetic about it that it's kind of fascinating. As director John Waters might say it's bad taste done well. Also it's kind of amusing to watch--the acting is so wretched (especially by Massey) that you just watch it in disbelief. A friend laughed out loud at how bad Massey was (she improved in later pictures).<br /><br />This is NOT for people who are easily offended. Even though it's over 30 years old it's STILL shocking. However if you have an open mind and can take a lot of extreme behaviour this is a must-see. The only part that really was too much is what Divine does at the very end.
critique1314 The plot of this movie is as dumb as a bag of hair. Jimmy Smit plays a character that could have been upset by the ridiculousness of the story. He is evil and a wife beater. It's a character as far from his NYPD and LA Law roles as you could possibly get.<br /><br />If you've thought he had the looks and the acting chops to play the really bad boy role her's your present.<br /><br />But!!!!!!!! Mary Louis Parker wears black miniskirts and little black minidresses throughout the movie.<br /><br />She has always had some of the greatest legs in the history of the movies. This makes the movie well worth it for this leg admirer.<br /><br />I'd buy the DVD for this reason only if it was available.
critique1315 ...this one. What came to my mind immediately was Loving Annabelle as it has this same kind of mature mood and distanced dealing with the subject. We simply observe as the story unfolds without taking sides or having to confront any "moral" issues (or of course we are but are not spoon-fed them). Sure there were some difficult facts to face and choices to make but it just flowed. Basically it was just like any other love story in any other life with any other sexes.<br /><br />I personally found the girls having a good chemistry and had fun with them on their night outs. The only thing i could really pinpoint as a problem would be it just felt kind of...retained. Held back. It's not about the sex scenes (or those missing) but given that i felt the film at its liveliest during the moments they were together having a good time it kind of contrasted with the rest. Lowkey is good but it just never quite sizzled like Loving Annabelle nor touched me quite as much.<br /><br />This said i heartily recommend it it's by no means a waste of ones precious time on the contrary...<br /><br />7/10
critique1316 Directed and co-written by Eytan Fox the writer/director of the highly acclaimed 2002 mini feature "Yossi & Jagger" (2002). This comparative epic at 1hr 53 minutes is another fine romantic drama in which we must deal with tragedy as well as celebrate the beauty and joy in life. Westerners especially urban gay men like myself need to be moved outside our safety zone and be informed of the real life and death struggle elsewhere to be able to love with equity.<br /><br />While "Yossi & Jagger" focused on a pair of gay lovers in the closeted confines of Israeli military service "Ha Buah" is centred on a group of civilian friends both straight and gay who share a unit in the heart of Israel's generally gay-tolerant but not always gay-friendly capital Tel Aviv.<br /><br />"Ha Buah" opens with a dramatic border check point scene in which Noam (Ohad Knoller Ã‚Â– Yossi from "Yossi & Jagger") first meets handsome young Arab Ashraf (Yousef Sweid). Romance soon blooms Ã‚Â– but in that political climate opportunities would have to be seized quickly or lost altogether.<br /><br />From there we follow an intricate interplay among the members and lovers of the housemates and the unavoidable effect of Ashraf's very conservative family. If you follow this film's dialogue attentively enough then you will have no reason to be disappointed with the ending.<br /><br />The soundtrack for "Ha Buah" is vibrant and the visuals are both beautiful and stark Ã‚Â– i.e. real life in the Middle East.<br /><br />The English subtitles are very easy to follow and you quickly relax and appreciate world cinema at its best.
critique1317 Oh come on learn to have a little fun. When I was a kid oh this movie was Oscar-worthy to me. I thought it was absolutely hysterical. One of the best movies I had seen.<br /><br />Now it's a little stupid but come on. If you enjoyed "Excellent Adventure" you should most likely have fun with "Bogus Journey". This was the movie before "Dude where's my car?". Only this one is actually funny. Like I said it's just a good time. It shouldn't be taken seriously and if you enjoyed the first one you should like "Bogus Journey". It's just a funny movie with some memorable characters. For your enjoyment only watch it let go and remember that it's a silly comedy. That's all.<br /><br />7/10
critique1318 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1319 I saw this movie in 1976 my first year of living in New York. I went on to live there for the next 26 yearsbut never saw anything as delicate and beautiful again as this small TV movie. It was part of a PBS series as I recall and I've never forgotten it. <br /><br />There are no sex scenes to speak of just delicate moving extraordinarily touching moments full of tension and excitement all set within a conservative Boston (I think) World War 1 environment where women played the role of devoted wife awaiting the return of husband from the war and did not seek out a career and financial independence. Frances Lee McCain is superb in the role of career photographer and I have spent the next 30 odd years searching for her in equally challenging roles to no avail.<br /><br />There has to be a video of this movie? Sure it should be on DVD but surely at least a video?
critique1320 I would love for members of the cast and crew to sit down and do an audio commentary on this movie! All of the different places that they went to film this movie! Should provide for some very good anecdotes! Fans of this movie would love to know:<br /><br />What kind of permission did they have to get to film at certain locations?<br /><br />Were there any memorable outtakes?<br /><br />Were there any scenes that were deleted?<br /><br />What challenges did the cast and the crew face?<br /><br />Did any actors have stunt doubles?<br /><br />What was it like to work with other members of the cast?<br /><br />Were any of the scenes ad libbed?<br /><br />What are members of the cast and crew up to now?<br /><br />What locations are still there and what locations are no longer there or are now a different business?<br /><br />It is one thing to read trivia about this movie on this site and other web sites. But there is just no comparison to getting it straight from the horse's mouth!<br /><br />Come on guys! Get together and do a commentary! Never walk away from a challenge! Go for the gusto!
critique1321 After all the crap that Hollywood (and the Indies) have churned out we finally get a movie that delivers some scary moments. There are some clichÃƒÂ©d moments but I'm not sure it's possible nowadays to make an entirely original movie. There's not much new here...it's just done well.<br /><br />Make sure and pay attention as the "subtle" scares come quickly and often. This is not a movie to watch while you're eating pizza.<br /><br />There's one very well-written red herring in this movie and unfortunately one very poorly-cast role. Cheri Christian just doesn't make an effective Julie (the wife/mother). For one thing she's totally unsympathetic. I know I know...she's just gone through a traumatic experience. But the viewer never gets to know her as she "normally" is and the relationship between her and her husband is rather discomforting (in an unintentional way). I think that the director had meant for us to have some sympathy for her but I never did.<br /><br />Finally a thumbs-up for the ending which is both disturbing and satisfying. It could easily have been cheapened with a sound effect at the beginning of the end credits but the director wisely resisted.<br /><br />This is not a masterpiece by any means but it IS a good old-fashioned scary movie...something that's rather rare nowadays.
critique1322 You were on your way up and you tripped on a skirt ! Gilligan says to Jim Leonard. That sums up the plot of this story of up and coming Leonard (a YOUNG Humphrey Bogart) when his dream gets sidetracked by the bombshell heiress Carol played by Dorothy Mackaill. Leonard has been working on a new and improved motor but now his love life and motor company both have their ups and downs in this 68 minute shortie. Bogart hadn't developed the quiet brooding style yet. Good performances by most of the supporting characters - her butler his co-workers a sister interlopers along the way. Some adult themes since it was done just before they really enforced the film code but it's still tame compared to what is on TV today. Directed by Thornton Freeland a year before Freeland directed the incredible "Flying Down to Rio".
critique1323 Here's another of the 1940's westerns that I watch whenever it comes on TCM or FMC because although it may be flawed historically it is extremely entertaining and well acted plus it's got Randolph Scott my favorite actor second only to Gary Cooper-Well OK fourth behind COOP Charlton Heston and Gregory Peck. But the film itself to me anyway is reasonably historically accurate and as I said before well acted and "flows" very well-I bet I've seen it 50 or 60 times and enjoy each viewing more than the one before. I have it on tape from TCM but would buy it in a minute if it ever came out on DVD. See it if you haven't- I guarantee you'll like it!
critique1324 Most people will consider that Yul Brynner's greatest performance was as the ruler of Siam in THE KING AND I. Certainly it gave him a wide variety of moods to test his abilities in from comic to tragic from eager to learn to dominating to hateful. It also showed him to advantage as a "talk singer" and a dancer. Finally as it was also his Tony Award winning performance from Broadway the film allowed us to capture something of the great Broadway performance as well.<br /><br />But he did other movies that showed his talents as well as THE KING AND I. His comic turn in ONCE MORE WITH FEELING was quite nice. So was his performance as General Bunin in ANASTASIA or his Ramses in THE TEN COMMANDMENTS. Yet he came terribly close to being a 1950s successor to Eric Von Stroheim as "the man you love to hate." A certain vulnerability in his acting and roles endeared him to the movie public even after his best years as a star were behind him - and he retreated more and more to repeating the King of Siam on television and the stage.<br /><br />To me his finest performance is in this 1959 drama with Deborah Kerr Jason Robards Jr. Robert Morley E. G. Marshall Anne Jackson and Ronnie Howard. The film is set in pretty modern times - the powder-keg that was Hungary in 1956 when briefly it looked like the Iron Curtain was about to collapse there under the reforms of Hungarian patriot Imre Nagy and his supporters. But the Hungarian Revolution collapsed due to bad timing. The Russians and their Polish and East German allies sent tanks in to crush the revolt (and arrested and executed Nagy and other reformers). The West stood by and let this happen: England and France had gotten caught in the Suez crisis and the U.S. had berated them and Israel for attacking Egypt. Due to the actions of three close allies of the U.S. the West found it hard to condemn the overkill of the Soviet Union. It was an unfortunate situation and the Hungarians have never forgotten how they were abandoned in it.<br /><br />In the film Brynner is Major Surov a Russian intelligence officer who is watching for some of the leaders of the Hungarian revolt one of whom is Paul Kedes (Jason Robards). Kedes may be getting assistance from some westerners on a bus tour through Hungary led by Robert Morley (including Marshall Jackson and Howard and Kerr). The latter are being kept in a hotel while their bus is being repaired and Brynner mingles with them hoping for a lead to the whereabouts of Robards. But Brynner is human - he tries to be ingratiating with these people (all of whom see him as a monster) and in sequence when he has drunk a little too much he confronts them with the questions that has bothered historians since 1945: How is it (even if one notes that Russia had Stalin in charge) that relations between Russia and the West collapsed so quickly? The allies on the whole had worked well together from 1941 to 1945 but after Yalta and Potsdam all types of mutual suspicions just erupted. Did they have to? Surov is a good officer but he is torn in half by loyalty to the Communist regimes in the Soviet Union and in Hungary that he supports and his growing fondness towards Kerr who is hiding Robards but is also willing to note the more human side of the Russian major. And as the film reaches it's tragic climax we watch as Surov has to decide if he will follow his sense of duty or take pity on Kerr Robards and the other westerners who want to leave. It becomes a true struggle for him - and one that he may win far too late. It was a great film about a tragedy of post war Europe and possibly the most thoughtful role Yul Brynner ever portrayed.
critique1325 This is the first James Cagney film I have ever really watched. I was never interested in his movies before because I figured I wouldn't like anything in that style of cinema and because I've heard most Cagney films are the same. I have to say I really liked it. By today's standards for movies it was not special but I found it surprisingly entertaining. Cagney did not have the look of a tough guy but he played the part very well.
critique1326 Andrew McCarthy played the role of an atheist very well. I liked the plot of the movie. It gave something to think about other than a comedy. It had a very twisted mind and a good cop versus God. A very well used plot line.
critique1327 Alejandro (Alejandro Polanco) called Ale for short works at an auto-body repair shop in what has come to be known as the Iron Triangle a deteriorating twenty block stretch of auto junk yards and sleazy car repair dealers close to Shea Stadium in Queens New York. Here customers do not question whether or not parts come from stolen cars or why they are able to receive such large discounts they simply put down their cash and hope that everything is on the up and up. Sleazy outskirts like these are not highlighted in the tour guides but Iranian-American director Ramin Bahrani puts them on vivid display in Chop Shop a powerful Indie film that received much affection last year at Cannes Berlin and Toronto. A follow up to his acclaimed "Man Push Cart" Bahrani spent one and a half years in the location that F. Scott Fitzgerald described as in the Great Gatsby as "the valley of the ashes".<br /><br />For all its depiction of bleakness Chop Shop is not a work of social criticism but like Hector Babenco's Pixote a poignant character study in which a young boy's survival is bought at the price of his innocence. Shot on location at Willets Point in Queens Bahrani makes you feel as if you are there sweating in a hot and humid New York summer with all of its noise and chaos. The film's focus is on the charming street-smart 12-year-old Ale who lives on the edge without any adult support or supervision other than his boss (Rob Sowulski) the real-life proprietor of the Iron Triangle garage. Polanco's performance is raw and slightly ragged yet he fully earned the standing ovation he received at the film's premiere at Cannes along with a hug from great Iranian director Abbas Kiarostami.<br /><br />Cramped into a tiny room above the garage together with his 16-year-old sister Isamar (Isamar Gonzales) who works dispensing food from a lunch wagon Ale is like one of the interchangeable spare parts he deals with. While he has dreams of owning his own food-service van in the city that never sleeps he knows that the only thing that may make the "top of the heap" is another dented fender. In this environment Ale and Isi use any means necessary to keep their heads above water while their love for each other remains constant and they still laugh and act out the childhood that was never theirs. As Barack Obama says in his book "Dreams From My Father" the change may come later when their eyes stop laughing and they have shut off something inside. In the meantime Ale supplements his earnings by selling candy bars in the crowded New York subways with his friend Carlos (Carlos Zapata) and pushing bootleg DVDs on the street corners while Isi does tricks for the truck drivers to save enough money to buy the rusted $4500 van in which they hope to start their own business.<br /><br />Though Ale is a "good boy" he is not above stealing purses and hubcaps in the Shea Stadium parking lot events that Bahrani's camera observes without judgment. In Chop Shop Bahrani has provided a compelling antidote to the underdog success stories churned out by the Hollywood dream factory and has given us a film of stunning naturalism and respect for its characters similar in many ways to the great Italian neo-realist films and the recent Iranian works of Kiarostami Panahi and others. While the outcome of the characters is far from certain Bahrani makes sure that we notice a giant billboard at Shea Stadium that reads "Make dreams happen" leaving us with the hint that in Rumi's phrase "the drum of the realization of that promise is beating"
critique1328 -it has Carla Gugino *yay* and a crappy ending *boo* <br /><br />-"Jaded" is a highly erotic story about a beautiful woman who arrives in a town trying to escape her past. Whiles there she meets up with two lesbians and after a couple of drinks the two decide to have some fun. But one of the girls takes things a bit too far and rapes her whiles the second girl holds her down. She is discovered on the beach where the incident happens the next day and is taken to a hospital. After that we spend the rest of the movie watching her attempting to bring down the two girls and at the same time learn some new info about who she is and where she comes from and a bit about her past.<br /><br />-Director and co-writer Caryn Krooth does an excellent job with this movie considering its uber low budget. It hand-held and sometimes looks like 16mm but it fits the movie since the story demands a harsh look to it. The actors all do okay jobs with what is given to them and there's not really anything to complain about it. The standout feature in the movie is of course Carla Gugino who bares it all in this movie. She is actually more nude in this movie than she is in "Sin City". Christopher McDonald is also in the movie but his character is really kinda pointless but he is fun to watch. I didn't really pay much attention to the music since it doesn't really draw attention to itself but it gets the job done with what it's got. The movie is R rated and it's that for a very good reason. it's very sexual and very graphic at times. It's essentially borders on soft core at times but the sex scenes are necessary for the movie so it doesn't feel like it's just there for the sake of being there. Although there is one pointless scene where we see Chris McDonald getting it on that scene was a tad pointless but it's not really much of a problem I guess. The only fault with the movie is that we don't get to see the court trial after all that we go through in the movie. It's like having sex and not having an orgasm or something <br /><br />-It's a shame that the talented Caryn Krooth has never made a feature film since this. This is a highly gifted woman can do great things with a very little budget. I really hope that she gets back in the game soon because she is an amazing director. Jaded is not a masterpiece of erotic cinema instead what we have is an enjoyable movie that shows a great director in the making.<br /><br />-Hide the kids and close the curtains you don't want people to think you're watching porn whiles watching this movie.
critique1329 I rented this movie when it came out on video tape and really enjoyed it. I had the opportunity to purchase it on DVD a few weeks ago and have watched it several times since. I would have to agree with others when they said Indian Summer was nostalgic film. When I watch it I wish that I could be 10-14 again. I think that is why we all like the movie to some extent. We all at times wish that we could relive our lives as children with the wisdom/knowledge of adults. Wouldn't it be nice to have all your friends/parents be young again? To not have to worry about your job being a parent etc...??? I know that I would like to jump into a De Lorean and go back in time. While I enjoyed the film very much my all time favorite camp film though is Meatballs with Bill Murray. I wish that they could make an Indian Summer version of that.
critique1330 David Zucker has directed one of the most enjoyable comedies of the year with this goofy farce. Yes it's a matter of acquired taste and depends upon a wealth of sophomoric gags but it is consistently funny throughout unlike some recent comedic efforts. The film is loaded with all kinds of jokes ranging from the blatantly obvious to the more subtler kind that you must pay attention to everything in the frame or you'll likely miss them. Like his previous efforts which include "Airplane!" "Top Secret!" and "Naked Gun" the humor flies out almost every second. There are so many moments that work it's easy to overlook the few that fall flat. What sets this movie apart from other pale imitations in the spoof genre is that it has an actual story line. While others have depended upon making fun of too many famous scenes in almost random movies (take "Mafia!" please) this film tells a new story with likable characters. It touches upon sports films in general as well as satirizing the real sports industry instead of lampooning any specific movies. Even for people who don't care for "South Park" its creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker make a good pair of leading actors with natural chemistry. The film also makes extremely effective use of cameos of athletes sports announcers and other celebrities especially a hilarious bit with Robert Stack of "Unsolved Mysteries." By the way stay through the credits for a final joke with Bob Costas and Al Michaels. All in all Zucker has achieved in words perhaps applying to the movie's mix of sports a home dunk.
critique1331 I've seen this movie more than once. It isn't the greatest scifi flick I've every seen but it is not a bad movie. The acting is good and the characters are more "real" than most in low budget sci fi. (At least it isn't full of dumb bimbos like so many other low budget scifi.) I especially like Elizabeth Pena. She is a good actress and she does worried single mother as well as any and better than some.<br /><br />Don't let the nay sayers run you off. See it for yourself and judge it for yourself.
critique1332 This movie is Great! It touched my stone cold heart. I couldn't relate about the racial discrimination that Antwone has experienced because I'm living in my own country. I guess it is really hard to be discriminated.<br /><br />We watched this film in our sociology class in New Era Universityand I didn't knew that It was a true story I thought it was just created by an intellectual who want to bring a fresh air in the industry. It is very good.<br /><br />The part that shocked me was when Nadine abused Antwone (who was just six) sexually. If I were on his shoes I could have jumped a ten-story high building. I salute him for he being so strong!<br /><br />The scene that touched me here is when Antwone finally saw his mother Eva face to face. He did not bitched her or whateverinstead he told her about the achievements that he got within the long years that they have been separated. (I think I'll do that when I get the chance of tracing my roots.)
critique1333 I was a junior in high school when "Flesh" hit the big screens but had the good fortune to see it at midnight movie houses in NYC just two years later.<br /><br />Flesh is the first part of a so-called "trilogy" of films featuring Joe Dallesandro as an object of desire. It bears the "Warhol" name but is more the work of Paul Morissey. Essentially the story concerns itself with the exploits surrounding one day in the life of a street-wise male hustler (played by Joe Dallesandro). Joe is young beautiful and a bit naive... but he manages to bring home the bacon to his wife for reasons which should not be explained to appreciate the film fully.<br /><br />Of special note to film buffs is that this film (along with the remaining two of the trilogy) had no script per se. Warhol's superstars were given simply a premise... and the words and actions which the viewer sees are quite natural (even at times ridiculous or non-sensical). But all in all it works... "Rolling Stone" noted in its review that the film was better than "Midnight Cowboy" a film of the same year more polished by Hollywood (An Academy Award winner for Best Film)  with big name talent (I equally admire the film)... but FLESH being improvised was somehow more gut wrenching and realistic without the need for complex sub-plots and any "cause de celebre" .. or for that matter any cause at all!<br /><br />The film grossed more than $3 million dollars and was an absolute sensation particularly in the German market (which ironically thought they were given a "censored version" of the film because of the post-editing....see note below).<br /><br />Curiously the film is very much "cut and paste" with "pops". "clicks" "flashes" and dialogue literally cut off mid-sentence. It is almost as if Warhol/Morissey are stating a simple truth that it is a "day in the life" of a superstar snippets for your voyeuristic tendencies. Far better than earlier Warhol works of 8 hours of sleeping and the statue of liberty as a 20+ hour movie.<br /><br />FLESH in my opinion is the first of the Warhol films that actually is digestible (given a wide pallette) and Warhol's/the Factory's first legitimate response to the Hollywood phenomenon of "stardom".<br /><br />As the first of a "trilogy" it portrays a young desirable male icon naive sought after responding to invitations to please his family. Subsequent films would show the "same character" with a differing set of values. (See "Trash" and "Heat")
critique1334 I was pretty surprised with this flick. Even though their budjet was obviously lacking still you have to be impressed that this movie took 7 years to make and still turned out good. The acting was pretty impressive and the story really captivated me. My only complaint would be that the ending really was a little too abrupt for my taste. But hey if your audience is left wanting more then this movie has succeeded.<br /><br />I would really recommend anyone in Hollywood to look up Antonella RÃƒÂ­os who is an excellent Spanish talent (something hard to find now days with all the bad novela over acting). Antonella RÃƒÂ­os truly is a star on the rise.
critique1335 I saw the movie with two grown children. Although it was not as clever as Shrek I thought it was rather good. In a movie theatre surrounded by children who were on spring break there was not a sound so I know the children all liked it. There parents also seemed engaged. The death and apparent death of characters brought about the appropriate gasps and comments. Hopefully people realize this movie was made for kids. As such it was successful although I liked it too. Personally I liked the Scrat!!
critique1336 The part of The Grinch was made for Jim Carrey and I was extremely impressed with his performance. Not being a great fan of his I was apprehensive but pleasantly surprised with the outcome. Taylor Momsen as Cindy Lou Who was the cutest little girl I have seen on the screen for a long time and she showed a maturity beyond her years in her acting skills. I was even drawn to tears at one point! I've never read the Dr Seuss book of the tale so I didnt know what to expect the humour was quite dark. OverallI enjoyed the film (apart from the songs!) and would recommend it for family viewing especially.
critique1337 The movie Haggard is one of the funniest movies of all time. It features the cast from CKY (the movies) and also has a GREAT soundtrack. If you have seen any CKY or Viva La Bam you will notice that everybody (from those two) are in it. Including Bam's parents and many other people.<br /><br />The story is about Ryan Dunn's girlfriend Glauren (Jennifer Rivall) cheating on him and him trying to get back at her. He does this by having Valo (Bam) and Falcone (Dicamillo) vandalize her house. There are many different characters with many different stories.<br /><br />There is great music on the soundtrack. Bands such as Him & Her CKY Gnar Kill Daniel Lioneye. Iggy and the Stooges Pop and New Order. <br /><br />If you do not like Viva La Bam or CKY (the movies) I doubt you will like this. If you DO like that stuff...this movie is great.
critique1338 Wolfgang Peterson's In the Line of Fire is cunning and occasionally a truly white-knuckled ride even if once or twice we might feel like we've been down similar roads before. How could one not when Clint Eastwood right after (allegedly) closing the book on his western legacy likely closes the one on his gritty detective pictures (don't count Blood Work in there). But there's more than that because Eastwood's character here a hard-bitten demon-ridden and hard as nails secret service agent has a slightly charming side to him even the more romantic side that one never got to see in the pictures where he spouted his trademark lines. There is some complexities going on here that don't rely on just the usual swagger and it's note-worthy for how such a possibly contrived back story (didn't save Kennedy from being assassinated in 63) is made somewhat believable amidst the rest of his persona which more than likely hides his wounds- most of the time. Eastwood goes to town to make himself a great presence in the film however and under the circumstances the character seems tailor made for him.<br /><br />But there would be the risk of his part in the movie being slightly conventional (we still get the 'Harry' type scenes of him being smarter- and as smart-ass- over everyone else in the room and being scolded and told to back off by the top brass here a chief of staff) including here protecting a president that (wisely) we never really see or know at all. Even the romantic sub-plot which is sort of undercooked if there for some machismo laughs would make the picture a little sub-par if the other quasi-Dirty Harry aspect didn't come into the picture: an indelible villain. This time there's some extra Hollywood suspense however brillaintly intelligent suspense (almost smarter than the rest of the movie deserves) with the "John Booth" character played in an Oscar nominated performance by John Malkovich as someone who's described more as a predator than an assassin. There's ways this could go wrong with the Eastwood character but Malkovich possibly trumps some of his former villain counterparts by being extremely cool and un-collected (there's that devastating cringe-worthy scene where he kills the bank teller and her roommate) and as his past is revealed there's still that element of 'what the hell is with this guy' that keeps the audience and Eastwood's agent guessing and extra paranoid. It's a classic Malkovich performance quintessentially creepy and always measured in the level of insanity and professionalism.<br /><br />It's also aside from the conventional points just a sleekly made picture from Peterson and company and they come pretty close to the spunky pulp realism of Don Siegel. But Peterson also has a couple of cinematic tricks up his sleeve that had me grinning at times; anytime someone puts in such a blatant but exciting homage to Vertigo- jumping from rooftop to rooftop hero dangling from the ledge the 'twist'- it still provides some shivers down my spine. There's also the phone conversations between Eastwood and Malkovich where we see the depths of the cat and mouse game probably another kick in the ribs to Hithcock. But in the end even with all the excitement and brutal danger and crisp formalism in the climax it's also a characters picture in some ways throughout and everything is fairly realized to give the audience a fine amount to ponder over at least in the suspense-movie sense. Eastwod's a great lead Russo plays the female possible love-interest sincere and mature and Malkovich is top of the pops. There's also a few notable supporting roles too and a fine studio score in there. One of the better films of 1993.
critique1339 I've just revisited this fondly remembered bit of cinematic madness from my early days and must urge you to beg steal or borrow it.<br /><br />The story begins with a duel between a righteous Shaolin priest and our villain Abbot White needless to say Abbot White kicks Buddhist ass and wages his campaign against Shaolin unhindered with the aid of his new ninja allies (a golden clad one who fights with a gold ring a black clad one who fights with a spear and my favourite; one who fights with a pair of knives who can disappear and reappear as a flying carpet). The rest of the story concerns the training of the disciples of the Shaolin monks killed by Abbot white one of whom is Alexander Lo Rei. Whilst we are treated to the punishing training sequences the two young avengers must go through to learn the Shaolin Finger Jab technique needed to defeat Abbot White's invincible armour technique we see some of the ways our villain keeps in shape...mostly using Taoist magic to extract the blood from naked ladies. We all know how this is going to end but it's the psychedelic trip in between that we're here for. In conclusion this is a good example of what Taiwan was doing when Hong Kong was getting sick of martial arts movies and that is making more and more outrageous martial arts movies. This movie is very well choreographed has some nudity some gore and enough balls to the wall gimickry to keep even the most jaded viewer entertained. Visit your local Beewise today!<br /><br />
critique1340 _The Wild Life_ has an obvious resemblance to _Fast Times At Ridgemont High_ and _The Wild Life_ comes up short.<br /><br />------------ <br /><br />Some other stan wrote the above comment. Of course The Wild Life is no Ridgemont. Ridgemont is the quintessential 80s flica. However the Wild Life is enjoyable if you're not whiny about mindless movies being mindless movies (especially when you know it's supposed to be a mindless movie in the first place). The little Latino from Scarface is in this movie and he's straight disrespectful ("I got Visa...Masterrrrr Charrrrge!!") The Colonel also makes an appearance ("Lawsuit..."). RIP The Colonel 1931-1997.<br /><br />This movie is no worse than a 6 in comparison to other genres btw. It is no worse than a 7 in terms of other 80s teen comedies at that. It does very much have the feel of a Cameron Crowe movie. Only staniels gave it a 5.
critique1341 When I watched this film the first time it was a taped copy and the title was/is Caged Terror. I still own the tape and I confess I've watched it more than once from beginning to end! The film is extremely low budget and the dialogue is often unintentionally amusing! I have gotten a few of my friends to watch this and we've had some great laughs from the terrible script. The film concerns a couple (remember this is like early 70's so they are just too hip man!) who go on a week-end camping trip in what I believe was supposed to be upstate NY. They have some hilarious dialogue after catching and eating a fish and the girl bemoans the death of the fish and that they ate it! The guy comes back with something goofy about how they ate the fish and now it was a part of them and he goes; "And that's beautiful man!" Heavy man really heavy! LOL! Anyway along come a couple of Vietnam vets one of who plays the flute I believe. (At any rate they are musical fellows!) The guys are clearly attracted to the girl and when the couple prove unfriendly they end up terrorizing them during the night. The guy ends up caged in a chicken coop and has to watch his girl friend being ravished by the two guys. Actually by the end of the night she seems to be pretty into it and when morning comes the guys leave and the girl and guy are free to leave. Supposedly the guy has learned a lesson about how to treat people and the girl has a smile on her face! :) Anyway I would recommend this film highly to anyone looking for a damn good laugh! It never fails to amuse me anyway! If I could find this on DVD and replace my old tape copy I'd actually buy it again it's classic camp! You gotta love this stuff!
critique1342 I really can't see why people seem to dislike this film. I found it very entertaining (of course the fact that it stars the gorgeous Laura Fraser is a bonus!) When I first heard about it I thought it would be along the lines of a role-reversed "Weird Science" and to an extent this is true however there is a twist which I really didn't see coming. Having seen the trailer on the DVD (which I hadn't seen before watching the film) I saw that the "twist" is actually shown in the trailer! Very strange.<br /><br />As the film progresses the "Weird Science" comparison fits less and less and I think this is the better of the two films. Certainly there are some scenes which don't work wonderfully but these are made up for by the enthusiasm of the young cast.<br /><br />In summary I'd suggest that this is a fine example of a Sci-fi chick flick and I don't think I've seen many of them!
critique1343 Sharky's Machine finds Burt Reynolds as a narcotics cop who after a failed buy and bust that wasn't his fault but that got a few people killed in it he finds himself demoted to the vice squad in Atlanta.<br /><br />The prestige is hardly as good as the narcotics beat but it does have its fringe benefits. One night after a roundup of working girls where one of their books falls into their hands the guys ask for surveillance on Rachel Ward's place. She's an expensive item servicing both notorious mobster Vittorio Gassman and law and order gubernatorial candidate Earl Holliman.<br /><br />Their surveillance however records a murder and the rest of the film is Sharky and his new colleagues from vice trying to solve this prestige case.<br /><br />Though it's a Burt Reynolds film and those usually have some humor to them the comedy is kept in check as the film turns as deadly serious as Dirty Harry. It was reported in fact that Clint Eastwood was offered this film.<br /><br />Look for some good performances by fellow vice cops Bernie Casey and Brian Keith and by Henry Silva the coked up brother of Gassman who does the dirty work of the organization and loves his job.<br /><br />It's not a bad film a mixture of Dirty Harry and Laura. Why Laura? You'll have to see Sharky's Machine for that answer.
critique1344 Two snipers travel deep in the jungles in search for their targets; a slimy South American drug-lord and a prominent general.<br /><br />Moderately successful at building a brooding atmosphere Sniper is by most accounts a very solid thriller taking it's time establishing it's characters and their plight and climaxing in some good action sequences. Director Llosa isn't always successful at maintaining the sombre mood and could have tightened the story somewhat; some detours here don't add up to much. But this film is far better than his Stallone/Stone travesty The Specialist.<br /><br />Billy Zane usually incredibly tiresome does surprisingly well as the inexperienced Sniper teamed up with veteran Berenger. As for Berenger this film proved to be his last good big budget Hollywood venture. He can do these kind of roles in his sleep and he's very convincing here reprising the role twice more in direct to DVD sequels.
critique1345 Tigerland is one of the finest films that i have seen and in my opinion it outdoes even full metal jacket a film of similar nature. Bozz is played exceptionally well by Farrell and is a character who stays in your mind long after the film ends. The ending is brilliantly cut by schumacher - with the melodic harmony singing and the slow mo of the troops preparing to leave. What a film.
critique1346 Anyone who enjoyed this series when first broadcast (I rushed home from school to see it) now is of a certain age so I can only add my comments to those asking for a DVD release to enable those of us to relive the memories of first transmission before it simply becomes a piece of unremembered TV archive history. If so many old TV series from the sixties and seventies can be released why not this? Surely the rights clearances can't be that difficult. Most of the Shakespeare lines I can quote comes from this iconic series and I remember swapping them with my school chums as we tried to outdo each other's memories of the text. Peter Dews rightly deserved the credit for having the foresight to bring it to the screen. This surely was public broadcasting at its finest. Robert Hardy and Sean Connery fighting to the death - it's riveting stuff and from the beginning of the BBC Television's golden age. Come on BBC. Clear it and license it please. March 2009 So finally the DVD is here and congratulations to those who have made it happen. The picture quality is remarkably good and the performances every bit as good as the memory thought. Now all those who clamoured for it must buy it and relive those magic moments.<br /><br />UK viewers. Given the series was made in the UK by the BBC using British actors it's strange that the DVD release is not available there on Region 2 (Europe) DVD and can only be imported from the US and played on modified players. It seems hardly likely that there are major rights issues perhaps the market was felt to be too small so why on earth wasn't it released 'region free?' so everyone could enjoy it?
critique1347 this movie takes the voice of terror and makes it better. holmes is protecting an inventor in switzerland and is on the trail of professor moriarity who has become a nazi. this is a better version of holmes in a WWII world. rathbone does a great job with holmes as a spy and a detective. see this if you liked the voice of terror.
critique1348 The China Syndrome could not have been released at a better time: twelve days after its release the infamous screw-up in Three Mile Island happened. But even if that (and/or Chernobyl) had never happened this movie remains an important look at what could happen through mismanagement of nuclear facilities. Jack Lemmon turns in a five star performance as the supervisor trying to expose a cover-up at his nuclear plant with Jane Fonda playing the reporter trying to investigate and Michael Douglas plays her cameraman.<br /><br />I don't know whether or not the current threat of a terrorist attack makes "The China Syndrome" more disturbing but either way it's still definitely a movie that everyone should see.<br /><br />I hope that those people who spent years pushing nuclear power saw this movie just so that they could know that their views and ideals are completely defunct.
critique1349 Did you ever wonder how far one movie could go? <br /><br />Schizophreniac relentlessly explores the world of the extreme with Harry Russo. <br /><br />Harry is an aggravated writer killer and drug addict scumbag who will stop at nothing to destroy those who stand between him and insanity. Driven by the demonic voices of his ventriloquist dummy rubberneck Harry begins his killing spree. <br /><br />From director Ron Atkins comes the 1st installment of the vilest story ever to be filmed<br /><br />The only other movie I have seen similar to this would happen to be the 2nd installment entitled Schizophreniac Necromaniac<br /><br />This is a really low budget film and will not be for everyone but if you are looking for something disturbing different and horrific then this would make a fine choice.<br /><br />DO NOT EXPECT ANYTHING LIKE MODERN DAY HORROR (Such as Scream)<br /><br />Viewer discretion is advised
critique1350 /*may contain SPOILERS but of course it does not matter :) */<br /><br />Battleship Potemkin is one stunning spectacle of haunting images. The visual direction is (well and has been) inspiring the sheer scale of the film is impressive and the technique is certainly pioneering. What is really amazing is to my mind the depth and effectiveness of a film devoid of proper literary script sound (save the soundtrack) decent image quality the faux-profound (self-)referentialism of today exceptional acting pretense etc. What you get is a purely visual experience to be remembered.<br /><br />BTW the previous poster noted: "Eisenstien felt after a lot of suffering to give the heroes what they wanted. The problem is that you think Eisenstein is building up to a big final fight and then he tricks you. It's a little cheap. I would've rather seen a huge final action scene."<br /><br />I must warn you that the end is not cheap and Eisenstein wasn't being generous to the heroes. History however was. Potemkin really did go through the squadron as it was shown in the film.<br /><br />Finally I'd strongly recommend seeing Battleship Potemkin to anyone more or less seriously interested in cinema. See it with a fellow movie buff it kept me talking for hours. However if you tend to consider films generally accepted as "great" or "classic" to be "slow" or "boring" this film might not be for you yet. Not much cheap entertainment here.<br /><br />For me though it is a full 10/10.
critique1351 Western Union is something of a forgotten classic western! Perhaps the reason for this lies in the fact of its unavailability on DVD in the United States. However all is not lost as it has now appeared on Region 2 in England. This - being a blessing in some ways - is not only incongruous but totally ironic when one considers that a movie depicting the founding and establishment of such a uniquely American organization as The Western Union Telegraph Company is without a Region 1 release. It beggars belief! It simply doesn't make sense!<br /><br />Produced by Fox in 1941 "Western Union" was directed by Fritz Lang. This was only the second occasion the great German director undertook to direct a western! He had done an excellent job the year before with Fox's "The Return Of Frank James" and would have only one more western outing in 1952 with the splendid "Rancho Notorious". Lang was no Ford or Hawks but with "Western Union" he turned in a fine solid western that holds up very well. Beautifully photographed in early three strip Technicolor by Edward Cronjager it boasted a good cast headed by Robert Young Randolph Scott and Dean Jagger. The female lead is taken by Virginia Gilmore who really has little to do in the picture. An actress who never made anything of her career. Her presence here is merely cosmetic.<br /><br />It is curious that Robert Young has top billing over Scott! It is clearly Scott's picture from the very beginning when we first see him in the film's terrific opening scene being chased by a posse across the plains. Young doesn't have much to do throughout the movie and seems out of place in a western. He just looks plain silly going up against Barton McLane in a gunfight! An actor who never really distinguished himself - except perhaps with "Crossfire" (1947)- Young appeared in a string of forgettable romantic comedies in the forties and fifties culminating with his greatest success when for seven years he was TV's "Marcus Welby MD" in the seventies. He died in 1998 at the age of 91.<br /><br />"Western Union" recounts the connection by telegraph wire of Omaha and Salt Lake City. Scott plays a reformed outlaw hired by Western Union boss Dean Jagger to protect the line from marauding Sioux and to also take on McLane and his gang who are trying to destroy the line for their own devious ends. Robert Young is the young engineer from back east who joins the company and vies with Scott for the affections of Miss Gilmore. Some comic relief is provided by - and irritatingly so some would say - by Slim Summerville and John Carradine turns up in a meager role as the company doctor.<br /><br />Altogether though a spanking good western albeit on Region 2 but in sparkling good quality that fans will be delighted with. My only crib is that there are no extras not even a trailer and that terrible cover with those dull graphics. UGH!<br /><br />Footnote: Interestingly the associate producer on "Western Union" was Harry Joe Brown who later with Randolph Scott would create a partnership that would produce some of Scott's finest westerns in the fifties.
critique1352 I love a film that mixes edge-of-the-seat suspense laughs style good acting and a bit of self-parody. Hitchcock consistently carried this off and in "Le Cercle rouge" Jean-Pierre Melville does the same. I was sorry when this long film ended. <br /><br />I agree with the English commenter who found remarks by one of my compatriots chauvinistic. I love French films Italian films English films Indian films--and the increasingly rare good American films. I also feel the writer who panned the film for being not even a good copy of an American gangster film missed the point completely. But I guess it's like jazz: either you get it or you don't so why waste time trying to explain.<br /><br />Just see "Le Cercle noir" and be prepared to be deliciously entertained.
critique1353 Watched this when it was first screened and then missed it when it disappeared of British screens. It showed a different side of Old Australia that we need to see more of. Good juxtaposition of old hand and young turk. Then the realism of the hard out back was fantastic. It was sadly missed. This show was a cold look at the old way of looking at Australia. Hard living and hard working. The young idealist clashing with the old practical head. Real Politicka fighting with the young upstarts of New Labour. To add modern political vernacular.<br /><br />This show was the first of its type that I came across that did not try to do a tourist job on Australia. It was a great showing of the realistic <br /><br />come documentary realistic type of show. Some good films were out at the time doing a similar job. It would be great to see more of this type of TV come from Australia for it has been sadly missing this last twenty years. for all we have been fed is the soap pulp of varying quality.
critique1354 I caught a bit of this concert on public television and knew I had to have it. The boys give everyone at the Royal Albert an excellent often thrilling performance complete in every way. Pure too - no synth no smoke-shrouded lasers and strobes no grandiose entrance (and an unstoned serious and appreciative audience all of whom left their bottle rockets at home).<br /><br />If you're a Cream fan (or if you've only heard of them); if you're a blues fan; if you're a rock 'n' roll fan; you will not be disappointed when you view and listen to this DVD. You also will never lose this DVD because you'll never lend it to anyone. (This DVD justifies selfishness! Tell them to get their own!) It's too good and too replayable; you'll want to keep it within easy reach.
critique1355 This film is a variation of a theme we've all seen over and over again - the Posiedan adventure in Space. The characters are all stock characters - feisty heroine Judas coward etc. etc. The only question really is who's next to snuff it. Sometimes this tried and tested formula works - like in this case - but more often not - like the truly mind-numbing "Red Planet." <br /><br />So why does this one work? Because it's stylish. The acting is above average. And above all it isn't predictable. The conclusion isn't sign-posted. I really had no idea how it would all end and was surprised at how it did end. That alone deserves top marks in my book.<br /><br />It's an intriguing and entertaining movie. And though it was never likely to change the face of cinema as we know it it doesn't disappoint.
critique1356 A very engaging intelligent and well-made film. Liam Neeson and Tim Roth play their roles superbly. The cinematography is outstanding. The fight scenes are amazing. This is a film I will enjoy watching again and again. One of my favorites.
critique1357 Okay so it starts very unimaginatively with a narration from the lead character (Justine played by Laura Fraser - an amazing actress in her own right) but it goes on to become something miraculous. It has silly little things that you really shouldn't find funny but do every time. There is an especially memorable moment that sees your jaw dropping to the ground the first time you watch it when the male body of Jake containing Justine's female mind is trying to get used to her new anatomy. I wont spoil it for you but the second time I watched it was with friends; seeing their faces was brilliant. It makes you cringe but laugh at the same time. I am also a big fan of the music used. There is a beautiful small band that appears randomly on the street or on a pathway every now and then but also some gorgeous yet unknown (often the best) pop songs. It has the feeling of being written for an English cast by an American writer which does annoy me only a couple of times. Overall this film is hilarious. I am a massive fan of Laura Fraser's now after being given his film for my birthday and expect that even though some of the cast are little-known to most you too will enjoy every bit of it.
critique1358 I am watching the series back to back as fast as possible. I am attempting to watch all things Star Trek. This is month 3 and I am now on Season 3 of TNG and I have already gone thru DS9 in its entirety. Star Trek is the greatest television phenomenon ever achieved.<br /><br />"Shades of Grey" is the first recap episode in the TNG series. Having just watched the shows these clips were fresh in my mind but I noticed how a couple of them were re-shot because the film looked better. Season 1 always seemed real dark and ugly to me - and the actors looked silly like they didn't fit in their own skins.<br /><br />The show is essentially just made of up a greatest hits of the happiest and saddest moments in Riker's life on the Enterprise up until this point. The Data and Riker scene in the holo-deck is a classic moment of new friendship. My other favorite is when the 2nd officer on the Klingon ship challenges Riker's authority as first officer and Riker beat the living CRAP out of that Klingon. Then the admiral kicks his a$$ but good. This entire episode is a heck of a reminder that a LOT of crazy great things have happened already in a mere 2 seasons with 5 more to go and a handful of movies! At this point in the series they are really starting to develop the emotions that tie Riker to Deanna Troi as Imzadi. Up until this point they have mentioned the fact but they have yet to exploit it. Let the record show that the ST Wiki - Memory Alpha claims that Imzadi means "first" and denotes that she has had intimate relations with Riker and also remains deeply close on an emotional one. This episode further proves there will be a tense romantic interest in each other for a long time to come.<br /><br />Here is the article: http://memory-alpha.org/en/wiki/Imzadi By this point in the series production value is up to speed and Star Trek TNG is settling into the sci-fi behemoth it was destined to become. Watching this again as an adult I see now what GREAT ACTORS the Star Trek Universe provides. They really need to make a new ST show set after all the current shows. A DS9 movie would have been nice too.
critique1359 This is a romantic albeit cheesy movie that is one of my all time favorites. It is one of the many CLASSICS of the 80's genre like "Pretty in Pink" or "Some kind of Wonderful".<br /><br />Nic plays the traditional punk guy in love with the traditional valley preppy girl Julie. It is a heartwarming love story that makes you root for him to win the girl in the end.<br /><br />True most of the acting sucks but ...<br /><br />I have been in love with Nic since seeing this in the theaters and have seen nearly every movie he's been in since. He's really grown as an actor but it is obvious in this early movie of his that he had a LOT of potential.<br /><br />If you love 80's movies you will LOVE this classic.<br /><br />Go rent it!!!!!
critique1360 I love this movie. It's wacky funny violent surreal played out in a madman's head and definitely not your usual comedy. <br /><br />If you don't find the film amusing then I guess it's just not for your tastes so this is a tough one to write a review for.<br /><br />For reference some other comedies I love are The Big Lebowski The Princess Bride and Zoolander (that one only got me the second time around). There are others but my taste is definitely for the unusual and I am willing to accept that most people just don't tend to like that kind of thing. I make no apologies for having an unusual sense of humour - at least I have one.<br /><br />The scenes and characters of this particular movie are well put together the verbal humour is hilarious the situations are intriguing the acting is very good (as you would expect of the cast) though the acting demands made of the cast by the script are not particularly high. The overall package makes for fun funny watchable yet violent entertainment.
critique1361 This is the last of four swashbucklers from France I've scheduled for viewing during this Christmas season: the others (in order of viewing) were the uninspired THE BLACK TULIP (1964; from the same director as this one but not nearly as good) the surprisingly effective LADY Oscar (1979; which had originated as a Japanese manga!) and the splendid CARTOUCHE (1962). Actually I had watched this one not too long ago on late-night Italian TV and recall not being especially bowled over by it so that I was genuinely surprised by how much I enjoyed it this time around (also bearing in mind the baffling lack of enthusiasm shown towards the film here and elsewhere when it was first announced as an upcoming DVD release from Criterion).<br /><br />Incidentally FANFAN LA TULIPE has quite a bit in common with the afore-mentioned CARTOUCHE: not just cast and crew members (producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine cinematographer Christian Matras actor Noel Roquevert) but plot-wise as well Ã‚Â– in fact the hero is a womanizing soldier (Jean-Paul Belmondo's Cartouche had also had a brief military spell) who's loved by a fiery girl (in this case gypsy Gina Lollobrigida) while he's himself obsessed by an impossible love (here it's none other than the king's daughter)! As in the later film too Fanfan (an ideally cast Gerard Philipe who ironically is so full of life here that one finds it hard to believe that he would be stricken down by cancer within 7 years' time) is flanked by two fun-loving yet cowardly men (one of them is actually his superior officer and the heroine's own father) and opposed by an unscrupulous figure within his own ranks (the ageing Roquevert with whom the hero eventually engages in a rooftop duel since he too has amorous designs on the gypsy girl)!; for the record Lollobrigida will rejoin Philippe in her next film Rene Clair's delightful romantic fantasy LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952).<br /><br />FANFAN proved to be a big box-office hit on its home-ground and even copped a surprising (but well-deserved) Best Direction award at Cannes over more renowned films like AN American IN Paris (1951) DETECTIVE STORY (1951) OTHELLO UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact its popularity ensured its re-release in a computer-colored version (presumably for the benefit of viewers who wouldn't touch a black-and-white product with a ten-foot pole) and the Criterion DVD itself contains a sample from this variant; being obviously a foreign-language title there's also the dubious choice of an English-dubbed soundtrack but even if these proved not especially painful to sit through considering when all is said and done there's simply no substitute for the original! <br /><br />FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname given the hero by a young Genevieve Page as the celebrated Madame De Pompadour) contains about as much comedy as (the expected) action and romance; while some may find this overwhelming I don't agree myself as I enjoyed the sharply satirical narration and on the whole this combination is comparable with Jerzy Skolimowski's equally droll THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD (1970). That said the swordfights here are remarkably forceful for an essentially lighthearted enterprise (particularly a scuffle in the woods and the ambush at a convent) and the film itself rather adult at times (with numerous allusions to sexuality as well as coarse language adopted throughout) when viewed back-to-back with vintage Hollywood fare as I did now; the climax then is quite ingenious: the enemy forces (who amusingly are made to speak in speeded-up gibberish!) are depleted by our heroic trio alone much to the king's amazement who as portrayed by Marcel Herrand Ã‚Â– best-known for his role of leader of the Parisian underworld in Marcel Carne''s CHILDREN OF PARADISE (1945) Ã‚Â– is himself something of a lecher.<br /><br />P.S. An Italian TV channel has been threatening to screen Christian-Jaque's promising CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES (1964) for months now but despite programming it three times already (with a tentative fourth one slated for next week) they have yet to show it; even so I do have three more films of his in my unwatched VHS pile (equally culled from late-night Italian TV screenings): the three-hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948; also starring Gerard Philippe) THE SECOND TWIN (1967) and THE LEGEND OF FRENCHIE KING (1971; with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
critique1362 Still being of school age and having to learn Shakespeare almost constantly for the last four years (which is very off-putting of any writer no matter how good) I didn't really expect to enjoy this film when my English teacher put it on; I thought it'd be the typical English lesson movie: bad acting awfully shot badly edited and the dreaded awful old dialog so as you can tell I was all but ready to go into a coma from the go. However I watched and much to my disturbance found myself not only paying attention but actually enjoying the movie too. This production of Hamlet is possibly one of the best drama movies I have seen in a long time- and it really brings to life what I expect Shakespeare wanted his plays to be like (well with the difference that this is cinema) much better than my English teacher harking over the text ever possibly could. The story is good the dialog seems to flow with an unexpected grace that is far from boring (though a little hard to keep up with if you aren't used to Shakespeare's language) and even the smallest parts are performed with a skill you wouldn't expect; mainly perhaps due to the staggering number of cameos this movie has. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as great as you'd expect these two veterans to be even in such small parts but it is Robin Williams as Osric and Billy Crystal as the Gravedigger who really stand out giving such minor parts an unexpected zest as well as offering some comic relief amidst the tragedy.<br /><br />The main stars of course are also wonderful. Kenneth Branagh excels as Hamlet bringing not only the confusion and pain required to the roll but also a sort of sardonic air which plays beautifully in the comic scenes making the movie as a whole much more watchable. The other major players are also good but it is Kenneth Branagh who stands head and shoulders above the rest in the title role.<br /><br />The set pieces too are often quite stunning giving a refreshing change to the danky old castle corridors we're used to seeing in Shakespeare productions as well as a real sense of the country around them.<br /><br />Of course the movie taken as a movie in its own right is not without faults but no major ones (the pacing is the only real problem I can think of offhand as well as the prose for anyone not used to as I said Shakesperean language) and especially when compared to the sort of Shakespeare productions I'm used to seeing in class it really is quite brilliant. It's even made me rethink my previous typical teenager stance on Shakespeare that his plays are boring (I came to the conclusion it's not the plays that are boring merely the teachers who recite them in class). If only they made all of his plays into movies such as this one English students in schools everywhere might have a higher opinion of the Bard.<br /><br />Overall 7/10
critique1363 Watched this last night and was bowled over by the heartfelt story line the excellent character development and the good karmic vibe emanating from the acting and movie as a whole.<br /><br />Without giving away too much of the plot it begins with an ordinary joe who commutes to his office job every day who becomes inspired to take dance lessons. Along the way the protagonist and the assorted characters he meets in his quest to be smooth on the dance floor learn lessons about others and about themselves. <br /><br />The story has a prologue about what dancing in Japan symbolizes sociologically so it isn't exactly as simple to learn to dance in Japan as it is here in the U.S. <br /><br />The film is lighthearted; you'll laugh out loud at some of the sight gags. Yet it is also dignified in a way hard to describe. All of the film's characters are taken seriously as they are and none are diminished because of their "imperfections."<br /><br />I've been thinking about taking social dance classes with some friends. It just so happened a friend lent me the video on learning to dance. Is this synchronous or what? I think so because now I'm really geeked to give it a try. <br /><br />Watch this wonderful family film (small children might not get it but teens certainly would) and smile at the genuine caring you see shown in it time and again.<br /><br />Why they would make a remake of Shall We Dance is a mystery as it is perfect as-is.
critique1364 This thriller is one of the few (film) surprises I've had in quite some time. Everybody - and I do mean EVERYBODY - I talked to when it was in the theatres said it was awful...but then I got to thinking...none of these people really understand horror/thriller films or metal rock - so WHY DO I LISTEN TO THEM IN THE FIRST PLACE????? This film kicks ass - but ONLY if you are able to comprehend and enjoy this type of entertainment. In short (too late) - see it with an open mind and it might just open your mind. ...the soundtracks great too...
critique1365 In a way this film reminded me of "Jumping Jack Flash". Remember Whoopi Goldberg at the shredding machine? Whoopi zonked out tranquilizers? Whoopi as Blind Lemon and imitating Mick Jagger? Great moments captured on film for sure but the movie still kind of sucks right? That's how I feel about "Rich In Love". A man hears his wife sing for the first time. Post-coital teenagers talk about the nature of love. Albert Finney eats ice cream out of bucket and in another scene has a lovely waking moment regarding his absent wife. Alfre Woodard adds another colorful character to her acting wardrobe. But there's only the whisper of a plot here and you can't wait for it to Get Moving. Only when ex-Go-Gos' Charlotte Caffey's The Graces revs up a great pop song does the picture wake up...and then it's over!<br /><br />This picture is the equivalent of a lazy summer's day in the deep American South.
critique1366 Composed elegant Carol (marvelously played by the beautiful Rebecca Brooke) her nice husband Eddie (likable David Houseman) Carol's wacky constantly eating best gal pal Anna (delightfully essayed with infectious comic zeal by the adorable Chris Jordan) and Anna's hunky amorous husband Pete (a typically fine Eric Edwards) are a quartet of liberated swingers who enjoy having frequent group sex with each other. Their usual routine gets disrupted when Carol's lonely repressed but still alluring widow mother Jennifer (a superbly moving performance by the lovely Jennifer Welles) drops by for a visit. Pretty soon Jennifer loosens up and becomes a willing participant in the swingers' blithely pleasurable and uninhibited carnal lifestyle with everyone except Carol eager to seduce her. Writer/director Joe Sarno concocts a sharp engrossing and perceptive examination of suburban angst and the limitations of the whole wild'n'easy 70's sexual revolution; Sarno turns traditional middle class mores on their heads and further spices things up with a bold and provocative mother/daughter incest subplot. Moreover Sarno elicits uniformly first-rate acting from the bang-up cast: Welles and Brooke are both exceptional with excellent support from Edwards Jordan Houseman Arlana Blue as flaky New Age sex therapist Shandara and Erica Eaton as saucy neighbor Mrs. Fields. Better still all the women are extremely hot and enticing; Welles in particular seriously steams up the screen with her exquisitely voluptuous figure and smoldering erotic presence. The sex scenes are really sizzling and fairly explicit but never raunchy or tedious. Stephen Colwell's bright polished cinematography and Jack Justis' bouncy melodic acoustic folk score are both on the money solid and effective. Recommended viewing for Sarno fans.
critique1367 This was a pretty decent movie. This movie is good to just sit down and watch and be entertained. Just a typical Hollywood film. This movie will never win an Oscar or anything and definitely doesn't deserve one but I thought it was pretty good. It's kind of like the show 24 but set into movie format. If you like the whole we've got to stop the terrorist from killing the president kind of movie then you will enjoy this flick. I personally think that storyline has been done WAY too much but The Sentinel does add a little twist with the mole in the Secret Service. All in all this movie won't leave your jaw to the floor or change your life but who says every single movie has to be like that to be good?
critique1368 The daughter's words are poetry: "I can't go on another year. I got to get to a hotel room." "I lost my blue scarf in a sea of leaves." "The marble faun is moving in...he just gave us a washing machine. That's the deal." "I'm pulverized by this latest thing." "..raccoons and cats become a little bit boring for too long a time." "..any little rat's nest mouse hole I'd like better." And there is wisdom in the mother's words: "...yes the pleasure is all mine." "This little book will keep me straight straight as a dye." "Always one must do everything correctly." "Where the hell did you come from?" "...bring me my little radio I've got to have some professional music." "I'm your mother. Remember me?" The mother/daughter relationship is drawn in this magnificent film. This is a Mother's day film.
critique1369 There are four great movie depicting the Vietnam War. They are (in no particular order: Apocalypse Now Born on the Fourth of July Platoon and finally Tigerland. All but Tigerland focus on the actual war and the men in it. Tigerland focuses on men in advanced training for the Vietnam War. The character of Boz is one of the most important depictions of a man questioning war and the absurdity of it. This has been done in many war movies but rarely in boot camp. Also this is a very complex character whose method with dealing with his feeling and emotions are the driving force of this movie. The character of Boz makes this movie so good. It is a shame it did not get a major release. It belongs on the shelf of any movie fan alongside the aforementioned movie titles.
critique1370 Not to be confused with the Resse Witherspoon high school film of the same name this is a stylised look at Hong Kong's triad gangs. Called election because a new leader or 'chairman' is elected by ancient traditions every two years. Two candidates are up for the position and through ego bribes and past track record the race is tense to say the least. Expertly directed to introduce you to an expansive cast without ever being confusing the story twists and turns before revealing itself in all its brutal glory. The Asian godfather this is not but it is an enjoyable thriller in a gangster genre that will leave you on the edge of your seat and wincing at the violence. Subtitled volume 1 I think its safe to say there will other instalments as we go deeper into the murky world of the triads and all their feuding and underhand business deals. Either way this is a good start and if there are no sequels a great film in its own right.
critique1371 I caught this movie the other night on one of the movie channels and I haven't laughed that hard in a long time. This movie was so funny I went out and bought the very next day. I love this type of comedy. It just seemed so real in the way the actors react to the different situations here. I was Rollin. I had never even heard of it and just started watching because of the title "Seeing Other People". The title caused me to give it a shot and I'm glad I did. I laughed so hard that it hurt. Now it's part of my collection. I definitely recommend it to all those that enjoy smart-ass type of comedy. I will be watching this one over and over.
critique1372 This film has scenes that come back to me at the strangest times -- that intense scene with Mr. Muckerji telling Mrs Melandez that someone he spoke with witnesses the girl being pushed out the window by a woman who fits HER description ---is one that rolls around -- the way she keeps referring to him by name --- in a Greek accent "Mr Muckerji" -- and then when Boyer discovers her having just taken poison and gives her one last smack up the side of the head before she dies --- its a delight! "Fools -- Fools -- all my life"...etc etc -- you get the point..I have to buy this one. I love Dan Seymour's acting -- he usually plays some plump foreign sultan or police chief and appeared in Casablanca and many great pictures.
critique1373 The world is a terrible place. But this movie is farce and it's fun. And if you don't like it... you don't get it... and if you don't get... it doesn't matter. It's up to you if you want to play along. Every actor in this one had fun. It's only a joke. And that's good enough for me. Gabriel Byrne is priceless. Byrne and Paul Anka doing MY WAY is as "Vic" puts it "...the best version ever". Okay... it's no masterpiece but it's not bad. I was warned against seeing it but I'm sure glad I did...
critique1374 The Beguiled is one of those under-seen films in the careers of a director &/or actor that ends up playing better than expected. In the same year that Clint Eastwood and Don Siegel collaborated on Dirty Harry they also worked together on this little psycho-sexual drama set in Civil War era Confederacy country. It's almost a 180 from what 'Harry' had for audiences. Here is a film that is under the radar and with a low-budget to almost no business when compared with what Dirty Harry pulled in. It is also a story where Eastwood is not surrounded in a world full of dangerous men but women who despite their first appearances have darker sides to them. And there's even romance in it in between some of the rougher and more complex scenes. But in this kind of framework to make the film Siegel therefore actually has a little more freedom to do things with the style of the picture that roams into something more European; I'm reminded here and there of Polanski's work in the 60's. It all works though pretty well even with the initial doubt that these two figures of masculine film-making (Eastwood the obvious and Siegel having made his niche in B-noir and low-budget thrillers) can pull off material that could possibly be made for a Lifetime movie.<br /><br />It was also captivating and really darkly comic here and there to see Eastwood's performance working off of these girls. He's doing something a little subversive in his performance by still having the sort of Eastwood machismo- if there is such a thing close to his clichÃƒÂ©d movie image- by being a step ahead of this little school for young women at times and not at others. To see Eastwood in a performance like this as with Play Misty for Me (the other Eastwood work of 1971) shows how cool he can act believably with very good actresses. Particularly here are the four main female characters each of varying ages and each with varying attractions to their 'Yankee' man. While Siegel's work directing all of the actors has its moments in the first half it's really once the story crosses the half-way mark in the dream sequence (less successful than the director could be capable of) that the real juicy scenes start to pick up. A lot of this is the best that Siegel directed dramatically pushing the psychological and emotional edges of scenes where not expected.<br /><br />It's a difficult film all of this praise aside as it doesn't paint anyone as being too respectable- only the character of Hallie the slave on duty played by Mae Mercer is sort of separated from what transpires between the all-too-curious women and McBurney. Along with this Eastood here is acting in a role that is and isn't what he's usually seen as during this time of his true formative years in the movies. He's an anti-hero here which was his trademark of the westerns and other thrillers he was doing at the time. But unlike those films he's not really in a mode where he's 'larger than life' to put it in a way as he is both deserter and womanizer deceiver and tricky even in his most charming and affable moments. If it's not one of his best acting jobs which is hard to really put together considering his catalog it is one that is worth a look for fans who might want to see another side of him. It's a credit to him but also to what clicked with his collaborations with Siegel as they both took chances at this time in Hollywood.
critique1375 I particularly enjoyed Delly's review of this film and agree that Howard is not the only "damaged" character. Howard is rather ruthlessly "set-up" by the script but there is no evidence that his previous employer is actually dead or if she is that he murdered her. Howard doesn't know and neither do we. In terror and confusion at seeing the woman lying there he bolts. However he never actually harms Helen Gordon no matter how enraged he is. Indeed he reacts with horror at Helen's fainting spell and the fact that he is holding a pair of scissors...then he resumes his tidying up and greets the recovered Helen with the almost pathetic " I'm very tired now. I think I'll go home". Frankly I don't think he's a psychopath. A sick puppy certainly but not a psychopath.<br /><br />The problem with Howard is that he has no real male identity. He wanted to serve his country but his mental condition denies him a place in the army. He is singularly rootless and isolated: no wife no girl no home (again at least as far as we know). And he does a woman's job - "Floor's are my speciality". Helen's niece ruthlessly strips away this pride in his thoroughness by exclaiming caustically that she would want a man with a real job. Also although he finds himself strongly attracted to Helen he is unable or unwilling to do more than scare her by making a strong sexual pass. He is remarkably powerless - can't fight can't work can't make love.<br /><br />Helen is justifiably terrified however. She tries to connect to him but finding that he doesn't respond normally (i.e. way outside the comfort zone provided by her rose-tinted memories of husband Ned) unwittingly presses all Howard's buttons by lying to him in her attempt to escape.<br /><br />Both characters trapped in the house trapped by fear neuroses rage and memory deserve sympathy. I know the sudden ending has disappointed some reviewers but I felt it fitted well as it offered a kind of release to the characters. Helen is freed I think from the past. When Howard tries on her husband's army coat Helen's disgusted reaction is highlighted. She no doubt feels that the "sacredness" of Ned's possessions has been violated but hopefully her need to keep everything "untouched" has been lost in the reality of her own struggle with danger. Perhaps she can move on.<br /><br />Howard is also freed - from his endless cycle of anger hurt and violence. Whether he moves on to treatment or to jail is debatable but I hope it's the former.<br /><br />Great performances from Ryan and Lupino. I prefer "On Dangerous Ground" but this is pretty good too.
critique1376 After a long wait "Bedrooms and Hallways" made it to Perth cinemas - not a commercial one mind you - and I thought it was fun honest and took a swipe at those 'tribal scream' groups running around trying to find meaning in rocks and 'what's behind my eyes'. It is playing to full houses over here because it tells a story has terrific acting and says something about the human condition.
critique1377 I personally liked this movie and am alarmed at the rating's some people have given it. It is a movie based on a comic book and it is animated now if you don't like comic books or animation then of course you won't like this movie so why did you watch and bother to rate it is beyond me. Though if you are a fan of Interesting strong characters and heroic(sexy) women kicking butt and saving the world(hell) you will love this movie. I thought the story really pulled me in and it was a very cool movie. Quite anime-esque or more like some of the American movies following this new trend of adult animation. Like Titan A.E. meet's the live action version of Punisher. In the end I highly recommend this movie the comic buff and super hero fan or anyone with an open enough mind looking for a fun movie.
critique1378 This is a tongue in cheek movie from the very outset with a voice-over that pokes fun at everything French and then produces a rather naif but very brave hero in Fanfan La Tulipe. Portrayed by the splendid Gerard Philippe the dashing young man believes utterly in the fate curvaceous Lollobrigida foretells - notably that he will marry King Louis XV's daughter! Problem is La Lollo soon find outs she too is in love with Fanfan...<br /><br />Propelled by good sword fights cavalcades and other spirited action sequences the film moves at a brisk pace and with many comic moments. The direction is perhaps the weakest aspect but the film is so light and takes itself so un-seriously that I could not give those shortcomings a second thought. Look out for Noel Roquevert a traditional heavy in French films trying to steal La Lollo making himself a nuisance and feeding the script to the fortune teller that reads La Lollo's hand! And what a gem Marcel Herrand is as the megalomanous and lust-driven King Louis XV! That is not all: So many beautiful women in one film makes me wish I were in France and on the set back in 1952! The film may have come out that year but its verve cheek superb narration immaculate photography and the memorable Gerard Philippe ensure that it remains modern and a pleasure to watch. I would not hesitate to recommend it to my grandchildren let alone to anyone who loves movies in general and swashbucklers in particular! Do see it!
critique1379 This is truly truly one of the best movies about love that I've ever seen. Closely followed by none other than "Before Sunset" which technically isn't another movie at all since it's about the same two people and the same romance.<br /><br />This is "love" in the real world. OK that's only if most people are as intelligent and eloquent as the leads in the movie. Reading the other reviews it pleases me to know how so many other folks are crazy over dialog-based movies as well. And this is what makes "Before Sunrise" so good. The dialog is perfect. It's so real so engaging and funny. It's hardly a surprise that Jesse and Celine fall in love 'coz you fall in love with them at the very same time.<br /><br />My favorite scene is the one in the coffee shop where they pretend to phone their best friends with the other pretending to be said best friend. It's PERFECT. Brings you back to the very moment when you fell in love for the very first time in your life.<br /><br />I must say that if you have a choice do watch "Before Sunrise" before watching "Before Sunset". If like me you watched "Sunset" first it's hard to shake off the feeling of pity and sadness for the two young lovers throughout the entire show.<br /><br />Once again the greatest romantic movie in my books. Wonderful acting excellent script and beautiful locations. Young love at it's best.
critique1380 I really like Star Trek Hidden Frontier it is an excellent fan fiction film series and i cant wait to see more I have only started watching this film series last week and i just cannot get enough of it. I have already recommended it too other people to watch since it is well worth the view. I have already watched each episode many times over and am waiting to see more episodes come out. I rated it a ten but i think it deserves a 12 loll My compliments to the staff of the Star Trek Hidden Frontiers on an excellent job. If u like Star Trek i highly recommend checking out this star trek fan fiction film. The detail associated with this series of films is excellent especially the ships and planets used in it
critique1381 just saw this film at resfest and was floored. i've never been a huge fan of scratching but this film had me hooked from the getgo. it's listed as a documentary but never really felt like one. (can't remember the last time i had so much fun watching a documentary). it has a style and an energy that is refreshing insightful and never too preachy. the production values were up there too. (shot on film with cool cuts and an amazing soundtrack). overall a smart entertaining and enlightening piece.
critique1382 This film got roasted by the boys at MST3K but it's actually a neat and nasty piece of low-budget film noir. The plot is tight the characters are believable (within the good-boy-gets-obsessed-with-bad-girl genre) the pacing is solid the climax is well-handled and the cast is bolstered by several fine character actors. True most of the time you want to hit the protagonist with a brick but he's actually quite effectively creepy when he plays the mastermind. The scenes between him and his dad are quite powerful in a minimalist kind of way. Sure it's depressing but that's the point. Good movie.
critique1383 This series was a cut above the rest of the TV detective series of the day but somehow didn't find an audience.<br /><br />The idea of a blind detective may not be totally new but added so much to the story. And who could forget Pax the beautiful guide dog in the series!<br /><br />Whilst the stories themselves may have been no better than the average series the settings  in New Orleans the acting and the music (I note the comment about the music score in other comments ...I remember that clearly) all work to make a good television series even better!<br /><br />Well you never know ...one day Paramount might just dig into its archives and release it on DVD!
critique1384 It's a shame that Deliverance is mainly known as the redneck rape movie and for Dueling Banjos. Even people that have seen the film can't get their mind off of that rape scene. It's not as bad as the rape scene in Pulp Fiction. It's certainly not as bad as any female rape scene in just about any movie. People tend to miss the power of the film that contains the infamous buggery scene.<br /><br />The acting plot cinematography and soundtrack of Deliverance all lend a hand to it's brooding charisma. The backcountry it was shot in is beautiful and is quite in contrast to the dark subject matter. The actors both major and minor make you feel like you are rafting down that river right along with them. <br /><br />The thing that separates this film from others is the tangible sense of dread that it inspires. Not many films can make you feel this creeped out. Bottom Line: This movie is a classic. I can't really say much more than that.
critique1385 This is one great show that it makes me wonder why it got pulled off the air so many times. But I believe its now here to stay! This show cant compare to any other Before Simpsons was pretty "on the edge" and than came Family Guy and they are stretching it out to go off the "edge". The things this show gets away with is incredible. Totally work the watch! If you like the Simpsons you will LOVE Family guy!
critique1386 Though this movie is cheesiness at its best it is pulled off perfectly. This movie without a doubt has to be considered a modern classic. There are basically two kinds of movies I like - movies with depth (chick flicks if you must - I blame my wife for this) and mindless comedies where I can sit back and relax. This movie is a perfect example of the latter.<br /><br />A friend of mine turned me on to this movie shortly after its release. Considering me to somewhat shallow he said to me "You've got to see this movie. It's just your type of movie." Foregoing the insult I started watching. I know they mentioned The Ramones a million times but when you actually see them I said "Hey it is The Ramones." My friend replied "I don't know they were a real band." I had my moment of glory.<br /><br />This movie though now somewhat dated is a must see for Ramones fans - or anyone else for that matter.
critique1387 I don't know what the previous reviewer was watching but I guess that's what reviews are personal taste. Missed in this movie was the depth a very deep film many layers of emotion affecting. Undercurrents of withheld love because of submission to societal beliefs taboos of the times and classes race relations not being in a very good state of equality guilt yearning hate confusion very dark emotionally I thought under the skin you have to submit to the aire of it a flowing movie not slow as stated before release yourself to the flow of the film the emotions will show themselves characters reveal their flaws their nasty insides excellent and actually very cruel!
critique1388 In a penitentiary four prisoners occupy a cell: CarrÃƒÂ¨re (GÃƒÂ©rald Laroche) who used his company to commit a fraud and was betrayed by his wife; the drag Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and his protÃƒÂ©gÃƒÂ©e the retarded PÃƒÂ¢querette (Dimitri Rataud) who ate his six months sister; and the intellectual Marcus (Clovis Cornillac) who killed his wife. One night CarrÃƒÂ¨re finds an ancient journal hidden in a hole in the wall of the cell. They realize that the book was written by Danvers (Geoffrey Carey) in the beginning of the last century and is about black magic. They decide to read and use its content to escape from the prison when they find the truth about Danvers' fate. "MalÃƒÂ©fique" is an original intriguing and claustrophobic French low-budget horror movie. The story is practically in the same location does not have any clichÃƒÂ©s and hooks the attention of the viewer until the last scene. I am a great fan of French cinema usually romances dramas and police stories but I noted that recently I have seen some good French horror movies such as "Un Jeu d' Enfants" "Belphegor" and "Dead End". My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Sinais do Mal" ("Signs of the Evil")
critique1389 Pop quiz: you're a part of the modern armed forces in peacetime on routine manoeuvres and you find yourself thrown back in time with a chance to change history. What do you do? Well if you're a Hollywood studio you change the Japanese G.I.s in G.I. Samurai (aka Timeslip) to the crew of an American aircraft carrier have them debate stopping the attack on Pearl Harbour for 90 minutes and then go home and hope that no-one reminds you that Japan did it first and with more balls in 1979 with this Sonny Chiba movie. But unlike its Hollywood counterpart The Final Countdown this sees its premise through: thrown back 400 years into the Japanese feudal wars its peacetime soldiers decide that their best hope of getting back lies in provoking history by trying to change it by joining with a warlord to conquer the country Ã‚Â– cue lots of tank and helicopter vs. samurai action including a very impressive unrelenting 25 minute battle sequence featuring a cast of thousands inflicting serious damage on each other. And yes there are decapitations.<br /><br />Of course things don't go as planned and even superior firepower doesn't stand up as well as hoped to thousands of soldiers. Even before that the soldiers are falling out with each other into those who want to go home those who want to go to war and those who want to rape and pillage for the Hell of it. Impressively directed and surprisingly well thought through the soft rock and country and western songs are sometimes a distraction especially when they feature English lyrics sung by Japanese singers who audibly can't pronounce the words let alone speak the language but it's a forgivable flaw in a surprisingly good sci-fi actioner.<br /><br />Optimum's UK DVD is a good transfer of the uncut 138-minute version.
critique1390 I was really surprised when I came across this movie on cable TV a couple of years ago. The story is a wonderful example of how our land keeps changing and the fight to hang on to it and use it according to need. Conflicting desires of "the people" and the Government. The actors were fantastic in their portrayals and I absolutely fell in love with Tantoo Cardinal-she is so believable and was such a character in this movie as was Rip Torn. The story was also a love story about the land the past and between the 2 main characters. I have tried to buy this film and have been unable to locate it-but I would sure would love to own it.
critique1391 I must admit I'm a little surprised and disappointed at some of the very negative comments this film seems to provoke. I think its a great horror/sci fi film. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after an historical space flight to Saturn. While in space he contracted some bizarre and unknown disease. He wakes up in a hospital bed he looks in a mirror and before his very eyes his face is melting! Escaping the hospitals supervision he hides out in some local woods surrounding a small town. Unfortunately he starts to develop a rapidly growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating other people. He must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! Stalking human prey he begins his reign of terror! Its up to his old friend Dr Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and try and help him. He has to work alone as his boss General Perry (Myron Healey) wants it kept ultra quiet. Nelson can't even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). However Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) becomes suspicious as General Perry turns up just as some of the local townspeople start turning up half eaten. I don't really understand why this film gets such negative reviews what do people expect? Anyway I really like this film. The star of the film are unquestionably Rick Bakers Special Make-up and gore effects which for the most part are excellent and the fact their all prosthetic effects and no rubbish horrible CGI makes them even better. Writer and Director William Sachs isn't afraid to use them either we get some nice long lingering close up shots of the incredible melting man and they hold up very well even now. Photography music and direction are a little bit dull but professional enough. The script manages to create some sympathy for the the monster shots of him looking longingly into Ted Nelsons house or when he sees his own reflection in some water and reacts violently. The ending set in a large factory of some sort is pretty downbeat so don't expect any happy ending. Which surprised me. Also the script doesn't really do anything with the premise he just walks around melting and killing with his friend trying to stop him maybe a bit too simple. Personally I think the worst bit of the film is near the start when the fat nurse runs down a hospital corridor in slow motion her screams are also portrayed in slow motion too it looks and sounds totally ridiculous! You need to see it to believe it! I like this film a lot and recommend it to 70's and 80's horror/sci fi fans. A bit of a favourite of mine.
critique1392 Can't say this wasn't made well. At a recent film festival the director admitted some scenes took 30 takes. And there isn't the slightest indication he didn't get exactly what he wanted. But this is an oddly non-Hispanic film in the same way West Side Story was many years ago. Both the leads a brother-sister team are excellent and memorable in their parts. The setting a sort of underground car repair district in Queens is completely foreign to most people and is worth the price of admission by itself. But there's something unsatisfying about the key issue in the film namely what the sister feels she has to do to get by. I can understand the brother's reaction but it just seems a little too easily come by to me. The movie seems to suggest that people like these don't need our help that they'll find a way to survive without the usual support systems. I wouldn't encourage anyone to believe that. There would be far more resistance to the choices made here than depicted. Other than that as an entertainment it works well. As an accurate depiction of a culture not so well I think.
critique1393 If the screenwriter and director intended to open hearts with the movie as the musician wanted to do with his music they succeeded with me. Commonplace human situations became original personal and immediate so that I personally felt touched by each situation. I believe I would credit the power of music combined with the point of view of the person writing the movie. Without spoiling I can say that I was very moved by the movie's approach to living. Haven't actually cried out of-what- joy? empathy? just deep emotion? in a very long time. I would love to find a way to show it to others. Saw it at Seattle International Film Festival.
critique1394 So i consider myself pretty big into the anime scene with very few shows i simply WILL NOT WATCH.<br /><br />this show however i would recommend to anyone.<br /><br />Quite possibly the most Original series to date it;s got just about everything i could ask for. A side story so to speak about an unconditional love that will NOT be admitted to a very blatant comedy and a very well put together voice acting cast (both Japanese and American translation).<br /><br />If not for the terribly funny aspect to it it would be just another anime.<br /><br />More or less as i have noticed a 'love it or hate it' very few people i have seen introduced to this series will end up with a distaste for it.<br /><br />Original to the core with everything you could ask for in an afternoon bet the house on this series. I'm ready to ASSURE you that you will enjoy it.
critique1395 Man With the Gun is pretty much forgotten now but caused a minor storm of media interest back in 1955 when Robert Mitchum turned down both Jett Rink in Giant (which had actually been written for him and which was subsequently substantially reworked) and Charles Laughton's intended version of The Naked and the Dead to make it instead. Despite some obvious production problems and some harsh lighting that occasionally renders both Mitch and Jan Sterling in unflattering tones it's a terrific dark western that more than stands comparison with his earlier Blood on the Moon as his 'town tamer' sets to work on a town that never had the chance to grow up before getting run down by the local badmen before turning out to Ã‚Â– possibly Ã‚Â– be almost as bad as the men he dispatches. Certainly his way of dealing with news of a death in the family Ã‚Â– burning a saloon to the ground and goading its manager into trying to kill him Ã‚Â– doesn't inspire much confidence in his stability. As well as a good script and a surprisingly good supporting turn from the usually irritating but here well cast Henry Hull it also boasts a strikingly good early Alex North score which even includes an early workout for one of his tormented emotional cues that would later turn up in Spartacus.
critique1396 I finally got hold of the excellent Sazuma DVD of this film which is loaded with interesting extras. I have read quite a lot about it and I unfortunately missed it at the Stockholm Film Festival. It doesn't quite deliver as I thought it would but it is still worth watching if you like strange and unique movies. I much rather watch this again than any of the recent so-called horror films vomited out of Hollywood these days. What detracts from the experience for me is certain music cues which sound dated and rely too much on cheap synth sounds. For me all these tonal/harmonic elements of the score could have been lifted out and replaced by David Kristians excellent sound design. But that is just my opinion. Otherwise this is a daring angry picture with welcome meditative and poetic parts like the fading of the photograph sequence which is beautiful. I look forward to seeing Ascension and I applaud Mitch and Karim for their efforts in producing non-mainstream cinema. They are a great inspiration as I soon embark on my own short film production.
critique1397 Okay this wasn't the greatest horror movie I've ever seen in my life. Despite the fact that it's lower budget it's a pretty decent movie though. The monsters are unique and believable. Heck they're even kind of scary in the scenes where they show them briefly wreaking havoc on this poor family. Although when you finally do get to see the monsters completely you really think "WTF!? those itty bitty things are after them?!" The only part that really disturbed me is when *sniff* they killed the kitty! Not the kitty noooooo why? Seriously though if you are looking for hardcore violence and gore this is not the movie for you. Go rent The Hills Have Eyes or something along those lines. If you have small children I wouldn't recommend watching this with them though; probably would give them nightmares about trolls in their room.
critique1398 I just saw a press screening of this film and I was pleasantly surprised. Not often is it that I get to see all of my favorite actors in one film at one time.<br /><br />I really enjoyed the pick pocket scene and it was good to see Rachael Bilson and Hayden back together. I think their chemistry on camera is a direct result of their time together off camera. My favorite scene was by far (surprisingly so) Bret Ratner's piece... Without giving too much away I'll just say that there is a surprise that leaves you hanging...<br /><br />The old couple were really good together and you actually got the impression that they had spent a lifetime together. <br /><br />Both the Chris Cooper and the Ethan Hawke segments packed a punch with surprises that seem realistic and similar to experiences that I've had in the big apple. Over all the film is a great place to take a date... especially if you're already fond of the city itself.<br /><br />I can't wait for the next in the Cities of Love.
critique1399 The first time i saw it i got half of it but i watched and i knew later on it was about a salem witch trials. They focused on the Sara Good's family. SHE is famous for cursing a priest which came true. In the film it depicts her daughter dorcas and her husband the spirit of Ann Putnam Sara's husband comes to the future hunts this girl to redeem her soul. which does happen at the end of the movie. Dorcas is depict as witch at 5years old who is burned at the stake. Which never happen Ann putnam saves her from the flames. the girl is safe she goes to Ann putnam's grave to to see that is not empty but it is at first because she accuse her of witchcraft and lets her burn to death. Now that ann putnam saves her her spirit is redeemed and she is not a outcast to society for the salem witch trials.
critique1400 ***Spoilers ahead*** My late childhood had two cinematographic icons: Star Wars and this film by Czech genius Karel Zeman. A Jules Verne encyclopedia where XIX century illustrations come to life in exquisite black and white photography combined with stop motion and conventional animation. Verne's spirit of adventure is fully present throughout the film as well as a very modern questioning on the moral limits of power and advanced technology. In fact it brings atomic energy into Verne's universe in a very elliptic and elegant way. Also elliptic and elegant is the demise of the villain with a (probably nuclear) explosion sending his hat flying over the sea. The resolution of the film is symbolic and very satisfactory something very rare today when a lot of films don't seem to know how to end themselves.<br /><br />I was fortunate to catch this gem in reruns on local TV in the late 70s: it enhanced my enjoyment of Verne's fiction and of cinema.<br /><br />10 out of 10 for Karel Zeman under-appreciated master of imagination.
critique1401 This movie is just plain silly. Almost every scene has some bit of humor: running gags slapstick and great jokes. The acting isn't that great and the plot is cliche but the jokes more than make up for that. If you have a chance to see this movie I recommend that you do.
critique1402 THE JIST: See something else.<br /><br />This film was highly rated by Gene Siskel but after watching it I can't figure out why. The film is definitely original and different. It even has interesting dialogue at times some cool moments and a creepy "noir" feel. But it just isn't entertaining. It also doesn't make a whole lot of sense in plot but especially in character motivations. I don't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.<br /><br />This is a difficult movie to take on -- I suggest you don't accept the challenge.
critique1403 Man's Castle is a wonderful example of a Pre-Code film. It involves realistic events with truly enjoyable and imperfect characters. Spencer Tracy plays Bill a free soul without a dime in his pocket. He makes a living doing odd jobs and traveling to a new city when he gets bored of his surroundings. One night he meets Trina a beauty by any standards who is cold and alone. She has refused to resort to prostitution so she has not eaten for several days but the two take very well to each other and form a relationship. His free spirit tempts him to leave her so life is rocky but there is a true spark between the two even if they live in a shack by the river.<br /><br />Tracy is one of the great actors of the silver screen. His characters are amazing and relatable. We can see his thoughts on his face making him easy to identify with even if we believe he is behaving badly. Young is great in pre-code films. Her character is very sweet but far from perfect making her all the more likable.<br /><br />Pre-code elements include skinny dipping pregnancy before marriage and crime.
critique1404 This movie had an interesting cast it mat not have had an a list cast but the actors that were in this film did a good job. Im glad we have b grade movies like this one the story is basic the actors are basic and so is the way they execute it you don't need a million dollar budget to make a film just a mix of b list ordinary actors and a basic plot. I like the way they had the street to themselves and that there was no one else around and also what i though was interesting is that they didn't close down a cafÃƒÂ© to set there gear and that they did it all from a police station. Arnold vosloo and Michael madsen did a great job at portraying there roles in the hostage situation. This was a great film and i hope to see more like it in the near future.
critique1405 I have to say although I despise these kind of shows shock horror I'm a girl I feel I have to express my opinion. I had seen Dirty Sanchez before I saw Jackass and think it way surpasses Jackass in terms of programme making. Story lines and interviews are inter weaved to create a more interesting show. I saw a few minutes of Jackass movie the other night and couldn't believe how poorly put together it was everything just put in a line joke after joke with no relation between anything. It must have been the quickest easiest show to edit ever shockingly amateur. While drinking puke isn't really my thing as far as a substantial entertainment show goes Dirty Sanchez is way out of Jackass's league.
critique1406 It was a sweet intro for the most intelegent Sailor Soldier Sailor Mercury. It consisted with a new "in croud" Merciurios. He at the beganing wrote a love letter to Ami which would be starltling (of course) and now Ami thiks he is a chibi-Einstien and he is attractive (He ended up looking like Umino (Melvin)). This was a halarios (expesialy Minako's "It's no skin off my neck" scene (HOT!)) Well I really like the Bishojo Senshi Sailor Moon Series I personally think its the best anime ever! But this movie was nice funny but not as adventurios as Sailor Moon R- It was more like the "S" movie. I saw this @ Sailor Moon Univewrse with real Player and it was pretty good. (Over all)
critique1407 Florence Vidor stars as the daughter of a strict bible toting father who throws her out of the house when gossip taints her name. In the big city she finds the dying wife of her own brother (the two had secretly married) and raises their child on her own. Years later she goes back home to confront her family.<br /><br />This old melodrama is heavily larded with fascinating feminist themes (circa 1921 but sounding remarkably modern). Some of it is laid on with a trowel (as the father Theodore Roberts gives his eyebrows a real workout) but it's well put together dramatically and lovingly composed and shot by cinematographer Henry Sharp.
critique1408 I'm astounded and dismayed by the number of reviewers on this site who did not get the point of Black Snake Moan. It's not about black/white relationships or old/young relationships though I think director Craig Brewer deliberately threw in both elements to tweak imagined taboos. It's not about sexual abuse or sex addiction though Christina Ricci's character Rae typifies those. It's not about folk religion in the black community though religion plays a large role. It's not a love story though there are not one but two happy couples at the end. And it's certainly not about the south where "everything is hotter" though it's set in the south and it's undeniably hot; holy smokes even the tag-line writers didn't get the point.<br /><br />Black Snake Moan is a parable about Mississippi Delta Blues; who feels them who writes them who plays them what they're playing about how it heals them.<br /><br />It's as though the film producers sat down with a blank slate and asked "Ok if we were going to help people understand what the Blues are really about what would it look like?" So they set it in the rural south. Then they dream up two characters one whose wife left him to live with his best friend the other who goes off to war and his badly abused girl sleeps with everybody in town. Then we throw in grizzled worldliness touched just a little by folk religion (they know Jesus wants their lives and though they respect Him they know they can't give Him that) some violence between men and women and lots and lots of steamy sexual images including -- ready to go over the top? -- a black man in a sleeveless undershirt holding a half-naked white girl captive on the end of a 40 lb chain. Fill it with authentic delta blues sounds make it about a genuine blues picker use music as the main healing element in the plot slap clips of blues-man Son House on both ends and Voila -- you have a modern parable about what the Blues are all about. Even the film's climax is not character conflict but the whole town dancing steamy dances to hot raunchy blues.<br /><br />Of course there's a bit of a dilemma here. Rae (Ricci) is being destroyed by uncontrollable lust and is being healed by Lazarus' (Jackson's) homey religion and steadfastness (and don't forget the chain.) But then we're shown the restored Rae dancing raunchily to blues at the end. Is this an expression of a restored healthy life force or just more of the same trashy behavior that ruined her in the first place? Brewer wants it both ways but blues really is about sex and violence not to mention depression. I suppose he would say blues gives healthy expression to both (sex and violence) without unleashing either. I have my doubts.<br /><br />Not for the first time Samuel L Jackson plays so well that we forget we're watching Samuel L Jackson; the man is unbelievably good. He even picks some of his own tunes in the film and his playing is authentic dirty and hot. Christina Ricci isn't usually this good either. Granted half her job is done by the Costume That Wasn't There and her slinky figure but she's a marvelous combination of cynical lust rebellion and vulnerability; bravo to her she's arrived. I was impressed by the country preacher John Cothran Jr. I had to check the database to assure myself that he's a professional actor and not a genuine country minister.<br /><br />Parents need to be aware of what they're getting if their kids bring this one home. The language is pretty far off the charts the first half-hour is full of graphic sex and women are violated in a dozen ways during the course of the film (Lazarus means well and is decent but honestly chaining a woman to the radiator?) Plus Ricci spends half the movie dressed for sex; if you've got teenage boys they'll be licking the screen halfway into the film. I don't recommend this for kids of any age. Adults only please.<br /><br />That being said Black Snake Moan is informative and accurate about blues folk religion and sexual abuse and tells a tale that's redemptive in lots of ways. It's unorthodox but well worth the time. And my goodness is the sound track hot.
critique1409 Father is still away on business was headline of an review after "Promise Me This" premiere in Cannes. I do understand why many thinks the same but unique expression of Kusturica is still present in his new movie and is something why critics can't touch him. I had two hours of pure energy without rest. Even when Kusturica is suffering of lack of concentration or fear of empty space he is still unique and unspoiled. Surprisingly good performance of Stribor Kusturica. Much More close-ups and less landscapes then in "Life Is A Miracle". Marija Petronijevic has femme fatal world class potential please don't spoil it. Surely I recommend to everyone to see this film.
critique1410 Martin Sheen Michelle Phillips Stuart Margolin and the late Vic Morrow are the human stars of this movie about a young man looking for answers about his brother's death. Mr. Sheen Mr. Margolin and Mr. Morrow all turn in first rate performances in their respective roles; Ms. Phillips has the slightly less than enviable task of trying to spice up a made-for-TV movie (twenty-five years ago) by supplying the "sex interest" in an otherwise sexless film. The real star however is the "California Kid"; a 1934 Ford coupe borrowed from "Jake" Jacobs put before a camera and given a workout that'll leave the viewer panting gasping and holding the edge of the seat with breathless anticipation.<br /><br />The action scenes are spectacular (although some of the dialog is a bit lame) making for a fine evening's diversion. This is how all "car movies" should be made.<br /><br />Try to catch this one on the late movie channel; it's well worth the missed sleep.
critique1411 Gruveyman2 (comment below)you are a complete idiot...blinded by ignorance by the very city you have allegiance to. Its that whiny arrogance that you are ironically claiming the film exudes about SF that makes you seem like such the typical LA A**hole! The only reason you felt the film was so self congratulatory about SF is because you are jealous. Of course you don't know it because you are so LA jaded. First of all the film was completely factual about a beautiful city; what has been filmed there and what has been filmed by some of its more famous locals. It says nothing bad about LA; and these accomplished directors choose to live in a beautiful city over LA. They recognize that they went to film school in LA and are obviously proud of that fact. They recognize that SF is close to LA which is a benefit. The only negative thing that was said that relates to LA was about the studio executives. The same studio executives that hated these guys movies when they first saw them but then those same movies went on to be huge world-wide grossing films. So why wouldn't they have animosity towards the studio executive establishment and studio system? These are the only people they are trying to "disassociate from" and for good reasons! Don't be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the "so called" San Francisco director? How is he not to be considered that? And who directed The Godfather? Coppola did. It was his vision that told the story on the screen that won it a best picture award. So what who gave him the job? He admits it in the documentary that he didn't even want to do the movie....so what's your point? And so what if Sophia wants to live in LA? And that proves your point how? And tell me how they are not truly independent when they are funding a lot of their own movies. Movies that are now considered classics. And when they made movies from studio funding one it was LA that came to them and said we want you to make these pictures and two they used the money that they made from doing these pictures to fund their own. They said exactly that in the film.<br /><br />"Your bitchy and self congratulatory whining would take on an air of greater self respect and credence if you never set foot on the ground you so claim to be superior to in this film."<br /><br />How the hell can "bitchy-ness" and "self-congratulation" suddenly have an "air" of self respect and credence....if they never go to LA again? What a stupid and senseless comment! You inserted some big words in there....and just don't know how to use them! And by the way they never claimed nor implied they were superior to LA! So what if they are giving a guy from New York an award in LA....again what the hell is your point? So if they go to LA or New York they are hypocrites by simply preferring to live in SF? You make no sense.<br /><br />San Francisco is proud of itself and its heritage and the people who make it what it is today. This film just focused on one aspect...film-making. For you to take the time and type up such nasty comments about the city (not the movie! But the city and its people) only proves what it is we Northern Californians hate about people from LA! THIS IS A GREAT DOCUMENTARY...VERY INTERESTING ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FROM THE BAY AREA...BUT I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE.
critique1412 Having seen Charley Boorman in Long Way Round with Ewan McGregor I was very interested to see how Charley would be in his own show. I thought Charley came across as a lovely guy who is very grounded and down to earth. Its nice to see that celebrities struggle with their weight and fitness it just show's their human too! I don't know a lot about bikes but this show gripped me right from the start. The preparation and organising for this event seems immense. The event itself seems very dangerous and I'm fascinated to see why Charley and everyone else is doing it and how far he gets. I love the pace of the show and the fast upbeat music. I can't believe he broke his collar bone I really hope its not the end I cant wait to see the next episode...
critique1413 I spotted in the guide to films list for the Santa Barbara Film Festival where I went when I was in Hollywood that this film was in screening. Basically there is an election for the new chairman of the Hong Kong Triads Wo Sing Society coming up so you can imagine how much violence that is going to occur during this. The struggle is between "candidates" Lam Lok (Simon Yam) and Big D (Tony Leung Ka Fai) for control of the oldest and most powerful Triad parts of the society. Also starring Louis Koo as Jimmy Lee Nick Cheung as Jet Cheung Siu Fai as Mr. So Lam Suet as Big Head and Lam Ka Tung as Kun. There are some good realistic corruption themes and moments just about enough action apart from maybe when the cops get involved but a sequel followed so it's a pretty worthwhile crime drama thriller. Very good!
critique1414 This time the lovable dimwit gets summoned for jury duty where a corrupt attorney notices that he looks like a jailbird who wants to break out so the two get switched. Of course most of the movie is a series of gags; in "Ernest Goes to Jail" most of the gags relate to electricity. I really liked the whole vacuum cleaner sequence early on. Overall the point of the movie is just to have fun and I'm sure that you will. This is possibly the ultimate movie that you watch with a bud. It's quite safe to say that Jim Varney will truly be missed. Knowwhaddamean? FYI: the only other cast member whom I recognized was Randall "Tex" Cobb who played Lyle. You've surely seen him somewhere.
critique1415 Rent this I own the DVD got it for $9.99. A steal being so under-rated. Sure there are better movies. Movies with fewer or no holes in the plot or action. BUt I don't have that problem with this movie. For me if a movie stays true to itself honest and exploitive of its flaws (and virtues obviously!) in the name of entertainment then it has fulfilled its purpose. I got me to care because its makers cared. The entire movie is preposterous from beginning to end but its makers took the whole undertaking seriously And I did not feel manipulated into taking the movie seriously. And that is so true because I want to take every movie seriously yet many oh so many let me down. For all of its preposterousness this movie is almost perfect and completely entertaining!What a funny screenplay! It also has become eerily relevant in light of the events on 9/11. In no way do I seek to minimize the loss. But this movie incorporates the tradegy of the WTC collapse before it happened in ways that we will never see had the movie been made after those events.<br /><br />"...it's either gone for good or here to stay." "wouldn't you agree?"
critique1416 As a person who sought out an existence as a 'professional' person with income backed by a BS in Chemistry and MS in Business Management my sanity was always spasmodically sustained in outside indulgences in things more artistic. My post-post graduate classes were always emotionally and spiritually supported by an interest in photography stained-glass ceramics metal forging/welding and art drawing that also included silk screening.<br /><br />I also keep healthy with jogging walking and lately hiking to remote destinations in California and nearby states like Utah Arizona and Nevada. Jogging walking and hiking gets one close to the earth with time to stop and watch and listen and also photograph or record sounds.<br /><br />Within that background I was obsessed with RIVERS AND TIDES. I was equally impressed with the documentary content of artist Andy Goldsworthy as well as the skills and smoothness of Director/Cinematographer Thomas Riedelsheimer. I actually could not separate the art of Goldsworthy with camera path of Riedelsheimer.<br /><br />Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful.
critique1417 Another well done moral ambiguity pieces where the anti-hero makes it hard to decide who to root for.<br /><br />If nothing else "The Beguiled" silenced anyone who said there were no good parts for actresses in movies-at least in 1971. There were four excellent parts for actresses in this film and all were well cast and well executed.<br /><br />Pamelyn Ferdin did a fine job as Amy and would go on to play "Wanda June". This must have been the first time an adult male box office star shared an extended kiss with a twelve-year-old girl on camera wonder if there was much controversy about this at the time. It was probably Polanski's favorite scene. Given the fate of Amy's turtle "Randolph" it is no surprise that Ferdin grew up to be a hardcore animal rights activist.<br /><br />Geraldine Page was likewise excellent playing a complex character with just the right amount of restraint. It is interesting that she died just three days after Elizabeth Hartman committed suicide (throwing herself through a fifth floor window) as they had also worked together in "You're a Big Boy Now".<br /><br />Hartman (who looks like she could be Blair Brown's sister) was wonderful as Edwina and should have gotten an Oscar (no other performance was even close that year) but given what we now know about her you wonder just how much of her performance was a studied effort and how much just came from inside her. Edwina shows such raw pain it is difficult to watch. Like Marilyn Monroe's incredible performance in "The Misfits" the viewer is probably seeing a whole lot of her own demons in the character she is playing.<br /><br />Finally there is Jo Ann Harris who is stunningly perfect as the flirty Carol. For my money Harris was the sexiest actress of the 1970's combining sensuality with intelligence and humor. She was the best reason to watch the "Most Wanted" television series and the only reason to watch "Wild Wild West Revisited". Hard to believe that someone who could bring all that to the screen never became a big star.
critique1418 I've read a few of the reviews and I'm kinda sad that a lot of the Story seems glossed over. Its easy to do because its not a Book its a movie and there's only so much that can be done in a movie- US Or Canadian- or anywhere.<br /><br />Colm Feore does at least for a recovering "F@g-Hag" like myself a great job of not only playing the 'friendly neighborhood' gay man- but playing sick. I mean the man really can't get much more pale! Though you might never know it from the strip down near the... um end.<br /><br />If you need decrepit there are a few SKing movies you might like.<br /><br />Being the daughter of a Recovering Alchoholic the druggie brother {David Cubitt} was the trick for me. I'm going to give him cred he grew up quick- and believe me that's good. And as an Aspiring writer moimeme I can dig a lot of his insights and overviews. But I'm more prosy than poetic.<br /><br />I may be easy to please but I enjoyed it. A nice story pretty well put together- by Canadians quelle surprise. Just toed the line of the 'Movie of the week' missing it by not being as drawn out GREATLY Appreciated. And it was rather cleverly portrayed.
critique1419 When Gundam0079 became the movie trilogy most of us are familiar with a lot of it was sheer action and less of anything else. This OVA is kinda the opposite. Though there're only half a dozen episodes it isn't filled with action but emotional things. The two main action sequences in this I believe are enough to satisfy me. After seeing so many gundam series movies and OVAs I was completely ready for a civilian-esquire movie. This movie did a fantastic job of that. What makes this movie stand out is that shows both sides of the war have good and bad people. It made the Zeons seem more human rather than the original movies where they're depicted as the second rise of evil Nazis. Most people that don't like anime that I've forced to watch this movie (lol) liked it. So I'd recommend it to a lot of people just for the anti-war story. If you're a Gundam fan and haven't seen this you shouldn't be reading this; you should already be watching it right now.
critique1420 Every motion picture Bette Davis stars in is worth experiencing. Before Davis co-stars with Leslie Howard in "Of Human Bondage" she'd been in over a score of movies. Legend has it that Davis was 'robbed' of a 1935 Oscar for her performance as a cockney-speaking waitress unwed mother & manipulative boyfriend-user Mildred Rogers. The story goes that the AFI consoled Davis by awarding her 1st Oscar for playing Joyce Heath in "Dangerous." I imagine Davis' fans of "Of Human Bondage" who agree with the Oscar-robbing legend are going to have at my critique's contrast of the 1934 film for which the AFI didn't award her performance & the 1936 film "Dangerous" performance for which she received her 1st Oscar in 1937.<br /><br />I've tried to view all of Bette Davis' motion pictures TV interviews videos advertisements for WWII & TV performances in popular series. In hindsight it is easy to recognize why this film "Of Human Bondage" gave Davis the opportunity to be nominated for her performance. She was only 25yo when the film was completed & just about to reach Hollywood's red carpet. The public began to notice Bette Davis as a star because of her performance in "Of Human Bondage." That is what makes it her legendary performance. But RKO saw her greatness in "The Man Who Played God" & borrowed her from Warners to play Rogers.<br /><br />I'm going to go with the AFI in hindsight some 41 years after their astute decision to award Davis her 1st Best Actress Oscar for "Dangerous" 2 years later. By doing so the AFI may have been instrumental in bringing out the very best in one of Hollywood's most talented 20th century actors. Because from "Of Human Bondage" onward Davis knew for certain that she had to reach deep inside of herself to find the performances that earned her the golden statue. Doubtless she deserved more than 2 Oscars; perhaps as many as 6.<br /><br />"Dangerous" provides an exemplary contrast in Davis' depth of acting characterization. For it's in "Dangerous" (1936) that she becomes the greatest actor of the 20th century. Davis is so good as Joyce Heath she's dead-center on the red carpet. Whereas in "Of Human Bondage" Davis is right off the edge still on the sidewalk & ready to take off on the rest of her 60 year acting career.<br /><br />Perhaps by not awarding her that legendary Oscar in 1935 instead of a star being born an actor was given incentive to reach beyond stardom into her soul for the gifted actor's greatest work.<br /><br />It is well known that her contemporary peer adversary was Joan Crawford; a star whose performances still don't measure up to Davis'. Even Anna Nicole Smith was a 'star'. Howard Stern is a radio host 'star' too. Lots of people on stage & the silver screen are stars. Few became great actors. The key difference between them is something that Bette Davis could sense: the difference between the desire to do great acting or to become star-struck.<br /><br />Try comparing these two movies as I have viewing one right after the other. Maybe you'll recognize what the AFI & I did. Davis was on the verge of becoming one of the greatest actors of the 20th century at 25yo & achieved her goal by the time she was 27. She spent her next 50 plus years setting the bar so high that it has not been reached . . . yet.<br /><br />Had the AFI sent her the message that she'd arrived in "Of Human Bondage" Davis' life history as a great actor may have been led into star-struck-dom instead.
critique1421 The genius that is Stephen Sondheim was never more prominently displayed as it was in his 1979 "Musical Thriller" SWEENEY TODD a Gothic gory grisly yet delicious musical concoction about a demented barber who returns to London to exact revenge on the evil Judge who not only had him permanently exiled from London but who is also raising his daughter as his own and plans to marry her to "shield her from all the evils of the world." The barber finds lovesympathy and assistance from a lonely pie shop owner who has her own agenda where Todd is concerned. This musical rocked Broadway and won nine Tony Awards including Best Musical and Best Actress in a Musical (Angela Lansbury). The production was filmed in its entirety in 1982 with Angela Lansbury recreating her Broadway role as Mrs. Lovett the daffy pie shop owner who finds a practical use for the heads that Todd makes mincemeat out of. George Hearn who replaced Len Cariou on Broadway is electrifying in the title role so much so that you have to wonder why he wasn't originally cast in the role. Lansbury and Hearn are riveting from start to finish and commit 100% to their ghoulish characters aided by a first rate Sondaheim score probably the closest thing Sondheim has written to an opera. Lansbury shines on "The Worst Pies in London" and "By the Sea". George Hearn stops the show with "Epiphany" and is also compelling during "Pretty Women" a duet he sings with Judge Turpin the man he has sworn revenge on. Cris Groendahl is vocally impressive as Antony the young sailer who rescues Todd and falls for his daughter Johanna. Betsy Joselyn is a little over the top as Johanna and really pushes vocally to the point that during "Green Funch and Linnet Bird" she actually drives her voice off-pitch during a couple of moments. The rest of the cast is first rate especially Edmund Lyndeck as Judge Turpin who gets to perform "Johanna" in this production which was cut from the original production and Ken Jennings as Toby whose gorgeous tenor fills the auditorium on "Not While I'm Around." But it is breathtaking musical score by Stephen Sondheim and the mesmerizing performance by Lansbury an especially George Hearn that makes this night of Gothic musical theater an experience that stays with you long after curtain call. Not for all tastes but if you're game and have strong heart SWEENEY TODD is a joy for all music theater lovers and a must for fans of Stephen Sondheim and Angela Lansbury.
critique1422 What if a platoon of G.I.'s from the Japanese army were to be send back in time 400 years right in the middle of the feudal wars that led to the formation of the Tokugawa Shogunate? Great pitch right? The movie does exactly what it says on the tin.<br /><br />Thankfully the writers didn't bother to explain the usually ridiculous in sci-fi movies scientific mumbo jumbo of time transport. No how's or why's. They just did. However the time transport sequence itself is trippy as hell and quite beautiful if not a bit dated. Not as silly as one would imagine.<br /><br />The rest of the movie follows the premise to a T. But while it loses a bit of steam with the various subplots that follow the G.I.s arrival to medieval Japan it picks up with a devastating battle sequence. Undoubtedly it's the main order of the day. The whole concept and by extension the movie itself was probably originated from this simple pitch: what if G.I.'s equipped with the latest in modern warfare were to fight samurais? And boy does it deliver.<br /><br />The main battle sequence that spans more than half an hour is probably one of THE best of its kind in 70's action/war movies. Not only is it relentless and exhausting in pace and length it's also a terrific mish-mash of styles and techniques that only unique premises like G.I. Samurai can deliver. I mean where else would you get the chance to feature tanks ninjas complete with shuriikens a helicopter and samurais in the same shot? The G.I. platoon led by lieutenant Iba tears literally through hundreds of extras gunning them down with machine guns mortars grenades and tanks.<br /><br />This mish-mash of styles is with one foot firmly rooted in the sprawling jidai-geki epic of Kurosawa's Kagemusha or Hiroshi Inagaki's Samurai Banners while the other is in western action and war movies. There are stylistic touches (like the wonderful slow-motion shots and bloody violence) that bring Sam Peckinpah or Enzo G. Castellari circa Keoma to mind. Japanese cinema has always been influenced by westerns and other Hollywood works and vice versa and G.I. Samurai effortlessly turns this east-meets-west melting pot into an exciting film.<br /><br />The film-makers thankfully take the whole thing seriously and the movie benefits immensely from it. Not that tongue-in-cheek mentality is completely absent it's just that it doesn't try to pander to so-bad-it's-good audiences that enjoy laughing at their movies. The budget was probably hefty as it is evident in the hundreds of extras elaborate costumes (very decent for a production that is not a traditional jidai-geki) and special effects. The camera-work and editing are all top notch almost better than a movie with no higher artistic ambitions deserves.<br /><br />It's not withouts its flaws either of course. There are many "song" scenes where all sorts of 70's Japanese rock disco and country songs play over montages (there's a bonding scene a love-interest scene a "war is hell" scene etc). The songs themselves are pretty lame and corny and detract from the whole thing. Although it clocks at a whooping 140 minutes it flies like a bullet for the most part. Still some scenes flashbacks and subplots in the first half could have been clipped for a tighter effect.<br /><br />The cast also deserves a mention featuring such prominent names as Sonny Chiba Isao Natsuyagi (Goyokin Samurai Wolf) Tsunehiko Watase (The Yakuza Papers) and Hiroyuki Sanada all of them hitting the right notes.
critique1423 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1424 I was blown away when I saw "The Best Years of Our Lives". The acting script and Master William Wyler's Direction(winner of Best Director in 1946)is Brilliant.<br /><br />The film is about Three World War II veteran's who come home together on a plane and all by chance live in the same town. They all are reunited with their families.<br /><br />The first man Al Stephenson(Played by Fredric March in his Oscar winning role) has to adapt to his wife Millie(played by Myrna Loy) and Children Peggy and Rob(played by Teresa Wright and Michael Hall) being different than before he left for the war.<br /><br />The second man Fred Derry(played by Dana Andrews in an excellant role) has to find a good job and adapt to a wife he had only been married to 20 days before he left for the war. He begins to find out that she is not the same.<br /><br />The third man Has a much more harder adaptation to make. Homer Parish(played by Harold Russell in his excellant oscar role)He has lost his hands in the war and must deal with his family's and fiance' Wilma's(played by Cathy O'Donnell) reactions to the hooks he has instead of his hands. All of these men and their families are reunited in the film in different scences. The stories of these men are all interwoven beautifully together.<br /><br />This film truly defines the meaning of a "Classic". This unforgettable drama(winner of best picture in 1946) is a film that everyone should see.<br /><br />If I was asked to pick a favorite film I would pick this one.<br /><br />Out of 10 I would give "The Best Years of Our Lives" An 11.<br /><br />So the next time you rent a movie rent this one you won't regret it.
critique1425 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1426 This begins a wager between Edgar Allen Poe and a journalist...Poe bets that the man can not spend an entire night in a creepy castle. Well of course he can but will he come out unscathed? Hard to say with all these strange people that aren't supposed to be there wandering around including the icy Barbara Steele. This is a fairly odd film in that the presentation is both in French and English and switches back and forth a few times. Perhaps this is done because bits of dialog were lost? It's also rather dark and claustrophobic being that one doesn't see much beyond a small circle of light that candles and such generate plus there's a feel of dread and impending doom pretty much at all times. This version (on Synapse) is also uncensored and I wondered what might be censored in a film from 1964 until I saw the topless scene I guess that might be it. Overall this is pretty good and in gloomy black and white. Barbara Steele definitely makes the movie too. 8 out of 10.
critique1427 This is a must see for independant movie fans but it also holds up well against mainstream movies. I think we have the makings of the next Woody Allen or<br /><br />Trentin Tarrentino here.<br /><br />The budget is painfully low. No special effects whatsoever and they seemingly used ambient lighting (shot in digital video.) -And yet this movie grabs hold of you and never lets go. The screenplay is somewhat bizarre yet the actors and director pull it off with complete realism. It has humor it has intrigue and it has pathos and it all works together.<br /><br />No point in describing the details. If you want to see an independant<br /><br />masterpiece a virtual lesson in how to make a low budget flick that really works see this one.<br /><br />-Oh yeah it's also REALLY entertaining.<br /><br />
critique1428 From director Billy Wilder (Double Indemnity The Seven Year Itch Some Like It Hot) I can see that this is a bit of an under-shown and underrated film one to be seen. This is the biographical story of Charles Augustus 'Slim' Lindbergh (James Stewart) who in 1927 wanted to be the first man to cross travel solo flight from New York crossing the Atlantic ocean to reach Paris in a small cockpit. The first half hour or whatever is seeing Lindbergh getting permission to do it and the construction of the plane named "The Spirit of St. Louis" and making all necessary preparations. Then of course the rest sees his perilous journey crossing the journey overcoming tiredness near fuel loss and moments of losing sense of direction but he was successful. Also starring Murray Hamilton as Bud Gurney Patricia Smith as Mirror Girl Bartlett Robinson as Benjamin Frank Mahoney Robert Cornthwaite as Harry Knight Sheila Bond as Model/Dancer Marc Connelly as Father Hussman Arthur Space as Donald Hall Harlan Warde as Boedecker and Dabbs Greer as Goldsborough. Apparently Lindbergh was a bit younger so Stewart was a shade too old to play him but then again you can't think of anyone else that could do better. It is a witty and emotional drama with Stewart (as always) being fantastic great music score by Frank Waxman and good direction from Wilder a good little known gem. It was nominated the Oscar for Best Special Effects (the only award it was ever nominated). James Stewart was number 12 on The 100 Greatest Movie Stars he was number 3 on 100 Years 100 Stars - Men and he was number 13 on The World's Greatest Actor. Very good!
critique1429 This was one of the best movies I have seen. The movie relates to real life and how drugs CAN play a major part. Although this movie appears to be produced from a low budget I found it to be exhilarating to watch.<br /><br />Some may not like the story and say the script is lacking direction. However when a person gets as deep into drugs as these characters there is no direction is life. I feel this movie is an accurate representation of what might happen to a person if they are faced with extreme temptations.<br /><br />Most of the cast are newcomers to the industry. However they all pulled it off very well. Everyone seemed to do their job well and get into character appropriately.<br /><br />I think this movie might be a good tool to use when dealing with a person or loved one that is involved in drugs and appears to be spiraling out of control. This movie might just scare them enough to change their ways.
critique1430 It's a deeply stupid humor... but I loved it. Jean Dujardin is a great actor in this movie. BÃƒÂ©rÃƒÂ©nice BÃƒÂ©jo is cute. It makes fun of all the secret agents like James Bond: refreshing!!! It's probably the most hilarious movie I've ever seen. I already saw it three times and I still want to see it again. Buy the DVD as soon as you can. You won't regret it. It's the kind of movie in which you don't need to have a great scenario because it's a parody. The only defect is that OSS 117 is too short. It's a jewel. It's not really frequent to see a french movie get success in the USA but I think that this one has everything to succeed. Trust me!!!
critique1431 SjÃƒÂ¶strÃƒÂ¶ms masterpiece and a movie that captures the swedish soul . It also served as a great inspiration for Bergman; the similarites between KÃƒÂ¶rkarlen and SmultronstÃƒÂ¤llet (with SjÃƒÂ¶strÃƒÂ¶m in the leading role as Isak Borg) from 1957 is not a coincidence. Don't miss it for the world!
critique1432 Along with virtually every Republic Picture ever made "Murder in the Music Hall" seems to have undeservably faded into oblivion. A shame because this lusciously produced expertly directed and written and crafty mystery-suspense item spins an enticing whodunnit thriller against the setting of Radio City Music Hall. A murder in one of the building's posh penthouse apartments casts suspicion on the luscious Rockettes--among them Vera Ralston (who besides giving an appealing performance of subtlety and vulnerablity provides a few dazzling ice-skating production numbers) Helen Walker Ann Rutherford Julie Bishop and several other delectable B-movie starlets of the '40s. Tall blond and handsome William Marshall (usually cast in musicals) hunts down the killer as the complex and increasingly creepy plot unfolds against the swankiest settings you'll ever see in a film noir. The ending is as much of a surprise as is this sadly forgotten classy murder mystery. Well-worth restoring and reviving on cable-TV VHS or DVD. Republic sank a hefty budget in this Grade-A production and "Murder in the Music Hall" is as slick unnerving and immensely enjoyable as any of the major studios' films of its era. POSSIBLE SPOILER: Pay attention to the rhapsodic song composed by the victim just before his death. Then amidst the showgirls' incessant chattering in their dressing rooms try to pinpoint the one humming that fatal melody. You'll discover who the killer is just as William Marshall does. Grand fun the kind of movie they truly don't make anymore and what a loss--both to movie-goers and actors alike.
critique1433 Now here's a film straight out of my childhood my family used to taped; but it kind of got tapped over and losted over the years. Now I was fortunate to watch the whole film on youtube.com; I had love this wonderful film when I watched it as kid and after watching again (online) I still do today. My favorite song from the movie is "Candy Hearts and Paper Flowers" (I will always remember that sweet song forever). <br /><br />I was surprised when I looked at the opening credits (on who animated who)that some of the animators date back to 1930s (WOW! that's like 47 years).
critique1434 In Truffaut book-length interview with Hitchcock it's apparent that Big Al's fear from the police dates back to his childhood. His father sent him to the police station carrying a note. The note said: "He's been naughty imprison him for an hour." The policemen obliged and ever since Hitchcock has had a deep fear of being wrongly accused and taken by the police.<br /><br />"Strangers on a Train" is probably one of the best in his "wrongly-accused" series. The movie is based on a Patricia Highsmith novel. That's the same author who wrote the Ripley series. She was always fascinated by smart criminals.<br /><br />Hitchcock's opening is very strong and takes you immediately to the protagonists: Guy Haines a famous tennis player and Bruno Anthony the aspiring criminal. The two guys share a chemistry which in that day and age was probably a lot more than what the audience could chew. Bruno tries to persuade Guy that they could commit the perfect murder (leaving no clues) if they switch victims. Bruno will kill Guy's wife who wouldn't give him a divorce and Guy would kill Bruno's father. The motives are respectively love and money.<br /><br />Bruno's performance is meant to be seductive and homoerotic. This is not something that was done by accident. In fact Hitchcock edited two versions of the movie: one US one UK. In the US version the volume of Bruno's seductiveness was turned down quite a bit.<br /><br />"Strangers on a Train" is a very deep movie but more importantly this is another excellent Hitchcock thriller. An excellent example of a thrilling scene is when Guy is climbing the steps up to Bruno's father room. Hitchcock reasoned that the audience's attention needed to be distracted at this point so that they don't figure out what Guy will find in the room. Hitch treats us to a HUGE menacing dog at the top of the stairs which provided the needed distraction.<br /><br />The most famous shot in the movie occurs during a tennis match. Bruno has been continuously stalking Guy so that Guy will fulfil his end of the bargain (kill his father). When Guy looks at the audience all the heads are swiveling back and forth. All except one - Bruno's. He's looking straight at Guy with an "i'll-get-you" smile.<br /><br />The ending is another example of suspense. Both men fight for one key piece of evidence on a merry-go-round that's rotating at mad speed. A worker is crawling under it so he could get to the controls. When we finally get off this ride and the movie ends with Guy proving his innocence we are left exhausted and nail-less (for those of us still biting our nails!).<br /><br />"Strangers on a Train" is easily one of Hitchcock's best "wrongly accused" movies. Some credit him with one of the best villains (Bruno) as well. All in all the movie might appear somewhat dated but that's a lesson in thriller-making from the master himself. I won't turn down Leonardo if he came to teach me Renaissance painting so neither should you.<br /><br /><< Review posted at FilmDailies.com>>
critique1435 Yes I loved this movie when I was a kid. When I was growing up I saw this movie so many times that my dad had to buy another VHS copy because the old copy had worn out.<br /><br />My family received a VHS copy of this movie when we purchased a new VHS system. At first my mom wasn't sure that this was an appropriate movie for a 10 year old but because we had just bought a new VHS system she let me watch it.<br /><br />Like I said this movie is every little boys dreamÃ‚Â… The movie contains a terrific setting big muscled barbarians beautiful topless women big bad monsters and jokes you'll only get when you get older. So a couple of days ago I inserted the video and watched the movie again after a long time. At first I was bored then started thinking about how much I loved this movie when I was kid and continued watching. Yeah the experience wasn't as great as I rememberedÃ‚Â… The acting is pretty bad the storyline is pretty bad the jokes weren't funny anymore but the women were still pretty. Yes I've grown up. Even though the movie experience has changed for me I still think it's worth 7 stars. For the good old times you knowÃ‚Â
critique1436 This ingenious and innovate comedy packs many moments priceless and great sense of pace though overlong. Chaplin's satire with several classics scenes  he has dual role as a Jewish barber and dictator Hynkel an offensive portrayal of Hitler . Then the barber is mistaken for the Hitlerian tyrant and happen bemusing events. Funny and extraordinaries acting of all casting as the co-stars Jack Oakie as Napolini(Mussolini-alike) Henry Daniel as Gasbstich(Himmler-alike) and Billy Gilbert as Herring( Goering). Chaplin's first spoken film is brilliantly photographed by Karl Struss.This splendid film contains numerous amusing scenes the funniest are the following : 1) The one when during the WWI the barber-soldier along with a co-pilot are flying in a turned plane without aware 2)Dictator Adenoid Hynkel doing overacting speeches including a twisted microphone 3)Hynkel playing with an enormous balloon of the world 4)The Jew-barber shaving a man fitting to Hungarian Dance number 5 of Brahms 5) when Hynkel and Napolini each try to keep his body higher than other in a barber's chair; among them.<br /><br />Hitler banned movie exhibition to the Germans due to its satire of him and put him in his death list after his proposed conquest of America.The movie is co-starred by Paulette Goddard third of his four wives  they were married in 1936 although no announcement of the marriage was made later one time finished The Great Dictator.The picture was released in 1940 when Chaplin had survived a moral scandal by a paternity suit but a brush with the House of Un-American Activities was the signal for the USA to refuse him re-entry from Britain and he fled to Switzerland.
critique1437 The first time I saw this "film" I loved it. When I was 11 I was more interested in the music and dancing. As I've grown older I've become more interested in the acting as well. While the first half is just a retrospective of Michael's career (from the Jackson 5 up to "Bad") it was still entertaining to watch. The "Badder" sequence could've been left out though the kids were pretty good. "Speed Demon" and "Leave Me Alone" were funny especially when the police officer tells Michael "I need your autograph right here" after stopping him for dancing in a no-dancing zone. But it's "Smooth Criminal" that's the icing on the cake. Joe Pesci did an excellent job as the toughie (and that hair was wild). The dancing is perfect and so are the special effects. The only thing I could have done without was the spiders. Any fan of Michael's should see this if you haven't already. I give it a 10+!
critique1438 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1439 Fun mix of vampires and martial arts is a bit of a mess plot-wise and the acting of those who dubbed the voices is almost universally bad but the premise is engaging the fight scenes are fast and flashy and the movie is often quite amusing. It's a shame the story is such a wreck. There are a couple of places where I had no idea what just happened it was almost as though five minutes had just been cut out and you were suddenly at the next scene without knowing how you'd got there. The movie is poor at explaining things and some things don't make a lot of sense but the movie moves along breezily so its flaws barely register. Not a great movie by any means but definitely a fun one.
critique1440 OK I haven't read the bookÃ‚Â…Ã‚Â… And maybe the book was betterÃ‚Â…Ã‚Â….WHO KNOWS???// But I loved the movie. It was entertaining not a bit boring enjoyable and most of all heart wrenching. The friendship between the two kids was so pure and innocent. These kids acted so well especially the son of the Servant. Oh my GOD that's like the form of GOD on the face of EARTH. ARGHHHH he steals our heart so easily. *********Spoilers************* The other Friend the rich guy is a Kid and his confusion and frustration can be understood. BUT I did get angry when he Abandoned and ignored his friend in the time when he needed consoling. Anyways he was just a kid and a bit stubborn to. I wish the movie would also have shown the older version of the poor kid. Arghh it pains to just think of the ending. This movie is sad. I felt terribly sad during the ending. Tears dropped down my eyes. Yes the background scores are fantastic the scenes are WOW. The Kite scenes are Fascinating. And well it gets a bit of an adventure in the middle. Wonderfully acted and superbly cast. The kids acted so well. GREAT Direction. don't know why this movie failed to WOOO the Critics. But it sure did WOO me. 10/10 Must-SeeÃ‚Â…Ã‚Â…Ã‚Â
critique1441 Woaww Is it only now that you notice the links between all the characters ?? Of course it's Libby ! And for the guy in the hatch with Desmond any deja vu ??? Yeah !! He was the "same" guy that gave money to Sayid after he's killed or tortured the other soldier in the episode 14th of the 2nd season : One of Them. Well actually it's not completely the same guy he's named Joe in the 14th episode and Kelvin in the last 2 episodes. Twins ?? :) Who knows ?? JJ Abrams ... mmmm I'm not even sure of that :) There are hundreds of links like this one between all the characters.<br /><br />But that was just in response to the Libby comment.<br /><br />I found those 2 episodes far more interesting than the whole season 2. During all that season I felt that there was lots of things I've missed and very few things I've learned. Especially at the very beginning the 1st episode of the 2nd season is excellent and then the 2nd one is a kind of flash back of the 1st one ... I found that disappointing even if I'm pretty sure that everything in Lost tend to have a meaning. That was just an example of how I was frustrated watching those episodes.<br /><br />Let's go back to the last 2 episodes. I think we've learned more new things in those 2 episodes than in the entire season. But all we learn are little pieces for the next puzzle like the involvement of Desmond's "relatives" (sorry if I spoil too much believe me or not I'm trying not to) for example. So lots of things evoked in the past 2 seasons are still unclear or have been developed once then nothing. And still there's new material as if all the holes in the picture were not enough. We all want to see the big picture of all of it of course but I think we'll have to be very very patient. I hope there will be only 3 seasons. I'm not sure I will watch more than 3 seasons anyway. There was also lots of actions in the very last episode. And a good cliffhanger at the very end.<br /><br />So basically yes I loved that last episode ... and yes I want to see the third season.
critique1442 I think a several of America's baseball movies are among the best movies ever made. When this movie was in production and heard it described as a rugby movie. I'd read about the Highland team in the newspapers but didn't have high expectations for this film about a sport that didn't interest me.<br /><br />Last night I viewed it "on-demand" and loved it almost as much as my favorite baseball movies. Ryan Little and the cast and crew did an amazing job. Neil McDonough was especially convincing. As the "bad dad" he displayed fine range and a subtle but moving character arc.<br /><br />I also enjoyed the Pacific Islander actors. I've been fortunate to know many of these fine people and this film captures their wonderful spirit and culture. A flashback showing how the Islander culture became such a key element of Highland's team would have been a excellent addition to the film.<br /><br />Some pretty tacky movies have been shot in Utah recently. It's good to see a quality film like this from the Beehive State.
critique1443 If you are used to seeing Gabriel Byrne in serious roles such as Tom in Millers Crossing or Keaton in The Usual Suspects I recommend you take a look at this film. Even if you are not a fan of Gabriel Byrne in particular all the actors in this film give really great performances. If you've got about eleven bucks (that is close to nine quid) I say order it online or rent it from you favorite movie rental place. Guaranteed to make you laugh whether or not you normally like gangster type movies. Mad Dog Time/Trigger Happy is one of those movies you never forget and find yourself watching over and over. You will talk about it so much your friends will be begging to borrow it.
critique1444 Even though there are no new episodes and it is rarely showed. I used to love the magic of Sabrina and the teenage witch. I never got to see the last episodes but I do want to know what happened to Miles or Josh? And why did the aunts have to disappear out of the show for good?I'm sure the ending went to be perfect. But there are a lot of questions unanswered. And I want to see the last episode of S.T.T.W! Because I heard she decides between Erin and Harvey on her wedding day! I really hope that she picks Harvey! And may I say Nate Richart is HOTT!! Too bad hes too old for me though. Melissa Joan Hart has her own sense of cuteness that she adds to the show but there are many little "stupid" things for the show such as how famous bands come out of nowhere and play songs and all the cast is listening its kind of stupid. Plus the cat starts to really get lame as the show continued the jokes began just to get stupid and the things that the audio controlled "audience" would laugh at I would think it was so lame. Don't get me wrong at some parts it was funny but I think the show just kind of lost its "magic" so to speak as the show went on. I give kudos to all the cast though for trying although that Soleil Moon Frye girl had no taste and she was a horrid actress. I wonder what Melissa or any of the cast is doing now for that matter now that the show has ended.
critique1445 Hey Babu Riba is a film about a young woman Mariana (nicknamed "Esther" after a famous American movie star) and four young men Glenn Sacha Kicha and Pop all perhaps 15-17 years old in 1953 Belgrade Yugoslavia. The five are committed friends and crazy about jazz blue jeans or anything American it seems.<br /><br />The very close relationship of the teenagers is poignant and ultimately a sacrifice is willingly made to try to help one of the group who has fallen on unexpected difficulties. In the wake of changing communist politics they go their separate ways and reunite in 1985 (the year before the film was made).<br /><br />I enjoyed the film with some reservations. The subtitles for one thing were difficult. Especially in the beginning there were a number of dialogues which had no subtitles at all. Perhaps the conversational pace required it but I couldn't always both read the text and absorb the scene which caused me to not always understand which character was involved. I watched the movie (a video from our public library) with a friend and neither of us really understood part of the story about acquiring streptomycin for a sick relative.<br /><br />This Yugoslavian coming of age film effectively conveyed the teenagers' sense of invulnerability idealism and strong and loyal bonds to each other. There is a main flashforward and it was intriguing keeping me guessing until the end as to who these characters were vis-a-vis the 1953 cast and what had actually happened.<br /><br />I would rate it 7 out of 10 and would like to see other films by the director Jovan Acin (1941-1991).
critique1446 Kudos to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very good -- it has the drama the action the romance and scene that will make you laugh.<br /><br />While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love Japanese occupation rebellion American as lord) its presentation is something cool especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.<br /><br />This movie will go as one of this year's best Pinoy movies.<br /><br />Go watch this!
critique1447 This is arguably the best film director Haim Bouzaglo made until now. A skilled TV director well-trained in story-telling and in directing his actors through long epics he tried to catch in this very low-budget film the essence of the very special psychological situation the Israelis live though under the permanent danger of the terror attacks resulting in 'distorted' lives. Each character trying to live his own life to watch and control the other while being himself watched and controlled by other characters and mostly by the continuous pressure by political and historical forces well beyond his control. Some call this destiny but destiny has a very concrete representation in this film.<br /><br />There is no explicit political saying in 'Distortion'. Characters never discuss politics not even at the level of saying 'bastards!' when they hear that a new terror attack happens. Their reaction to events is to localize the attack and to count the victims using the official and media terminology for the dead and the wounded. They do not really live but rather survive on borrowed time happy to have survived one bomb and waiting for the next one to happen. Personal social professional life seems to work someway but is deeply flawed and influenced by events. The main character played by the director is a playwright whose mid-life personal and creative crisis is amplified by the pressure of the events and by the fact that he is lucky enough to leave a terror attack site minutes before the bomb explodes. He hires a private detective to follow his girlfriend who is a TV investigative reporter whom he suspects is falling in for the subject of her next show - another failed man former military whose business and family life dismantles under the events. He starts to write a play that carbon-copies the reality and will bring it to the stage in theater in film scene that reminds Hamlet as well as 'Synecdoche New York'. It's not that I would dare suspect Charlie Kaufman looking over the shoulder of Bouzaglo he certainly needs not that but the Israeli director screen is brilliant into anticipating the later film (and the first directed by Kaufman). As in the American film actors play real persons and start interacting with them in an reality-meets-stage-meets-reality melange which never lacks logic at least not artistic logic.<br /><br />Bouzaglo directs his actors with the usual talent trusts them and allows them the freedom of living through the situations rather then acting them. His style is much more free here than in his TV series and the 'distortion' effects although borrowed from American horror movies work pretty well all over. The ending seemed to me a little rhetorical and unsatisfying dramatically but the shade of the suicidal killer who is haunting the film and the whole situation in a temporal loop will also follow the viewer when remembering later this film.
critique1448 ...and normally i don't like surprises!! Watch this movie by chance in a motel in South Africa second week of a three month motorbiking holiday in ZA. Apart from being well shot and acted it helped me in understanding the countries problems tremendously. Just watched the " Million Dollar Baby" and had to look up Hillary Swank since the name sounded somewhat familiar and her acting was superb. Didn't realise she was the solicitor in the "Red Dust". Well now i'm not to worried that she will disappear as so many other sidekicks of Clint before... Now i am being asked to write ten whole lines of comment which is rather ridiculous for i have written what i wanted to write. OK here it goes: I think if you are from a western country especially Europe watching will help you to understand a little better why what is happening is happening down there! So this hopefully will fill ten lines.
critique1449 While I don't consider myself a big fan of fairy tale movies Stardust intrigued me based on seeing Michelle Pfeiffer in the trailers as a villain (especially since I was about to see her as the bossy Velma Von Tussle in Hairspray). Boy is she so convincingly evil here as a witch especially with her age-ugly makeup in the beginning and end! Robert De Niro is also great as the pirate captain who's forced to hide "in the closet" to protect his "reputation"! Just about all the actors like Claire Danes Rupert Everett Ricky Gervais Peter O'Toole and many others do fine work here. While Danes and Pfeiffer are classic beauties there's also stunning faces of Sienna Miller Olivia Grant (as Girl Bernard) and Kate Magowan especially when we first meet her. Newcomer Charlie Cox is fine as the lead Tristan and he looked so much like his father Dunstan as a young man that I thought that was him in early scenes with Magowan (actually Ben Barnes). Many comments have compared this to The Princess Bride and while I can see some resemblances the main difference was that with PB you always knew it was just an imaginary tale as told by an old man to his grandson. Stardust makes you believe for the most part that what you're seeing and hearing could have actually happened even with all the hilarity that happens throughout. So on that note I highly recommended Stardust.
critique1450 I was unsure of this movie before renting and did so on the assurance that Hilary Swank has always given excellent performances in her movies. She seems to rely on restraint to gain the emotional impact that she does. And she didn't prove me wrong in this movie.<br /><br />However the movie also had fantastic performances from all other members of the cast both speaking and non-speaking. I have to single out Jamie Bartlett and Chiwetel Ejiofor - the two main protagonists - for their outstanding acting abilities and portrayal of true human feelings and failings. The whole movie ran almost like a documentary.<br /><br />I must applaud Tom Hooper as the director and Avril Beukes as the editor for keeping a multiple layered story being revealed smoothly whilst keeping dialogue and action moving along in an understandable fashion. The opening sequence of the South African landscape was striking and I had to push the pause button to savour the photography.<br /><br />Why can't a movie like this ever get nominated for an International award. It seems to me to hit the high-rating button on all counts. It was not just a film it was a true experience of life in a country coming out of apartheid. A life of poverty was all around but it celebrated the dignity of the human spirit.
critique1451 Madhur from CHANDNI BAR started making realistic films which some people called dry <br /><br />He made SATTA which was another realistic though filmy film but a great film<br /><br />AAN men at work was a formula film by him which flopped<br /><br />He returns with his superlative PAGE 3<br /><br />A film which dwelves into the lives of journalists and it's a brilliant film<br /><br />The film is well narrated though the half baked romantic portions of Konkana could be avoided but that is forgiven<br /><br />The entire Upendra Limaye track is superb too<br /><br />while the Atul Kulkarni track is great too<br /><br />The dial between Manoj Joshi and his friends are funny at first but repetitive at times<br /><br />The subplot of Bikram- Tara is brilliant and so is the entire hospital scene and also the final child abuse which shocks you<br /><br />The film has a open ended ending which is nicely handled<br /><br />Madhur does a great job Music is okay<br /><br />Konkana excels as Madhavi using her expressions to the best Tara Sharma is decent except her voice Sandhya Mridul is good as usual Upendra Limaye excels in his part as the cop one of the talented actors Sadly he isn't used well nowdays Atul Kulkarni too is good in his small part Boman Irani is restrained and does a great job rest are okay
critique1452 My children DD 7 and DS 10 enjoyed the movie so much they were squirming in their seats. It was good old fashioned Rated G family fun. This movie was made for kids.... someone really understands them.<br /><br />It was fun to see Julia Roberts Brice Willis Garth Brooks and the other stars make their cameo appearances.<br /><br />As someone who lives in the city the fictional "Big Texas" was modeled after I can say that they did an honest and accurate portrayal. The kids looked like kids not like superstars.<br /><br />I hope everyone supports this movie to send the message to Hollywood that we need more movies like this. Go see it then spread the word!
critique1453 I just picked up the DVD release of this movie while on holiday in Norway where it has been released with English subtitles.<br /><br />The film is beautifully photographed and powerfully acted. The youngster portraying 'Frits' the lead character has an astonishingly open face which mirrors with painful accuracy the tragic events which unfold around him.<br /><br />Early on in the film we see that the father whom Frits loves so much has mental health problems and this is brought up when the brutal headmaster denies assaulting the boy and suggests it was his own father.<br /><br />The climactic scene where Frits refuses to show any respect to the headmaster; simply standing his ground and repeating 'Liar' as he is brutally assaulted in front of his classmates is a scene you are not likely to forget.<br /><br />The films only weak point is the rather clichÃƒÂ©d 'Flower Power' teacher who uses every 'friendly teacher' trick in the book. Other than this I feel sure that this is a film you will really enjoy.
critique1454 Victor McLaglen the title character of John Ford's THE INFORMER reminded me of the circus man from Fellini's LA STRADA. Anthony Quinn played the brutish man who may have even been influenced by the pug-faced Oscar-winning performance given by McLaglen. Poverty-stricken Dublin is the true-life atmospheric setting of the picture which takes place in 1922. Dense fog and a long damp night are the main elements of a story about deep Irish patriotism and the fight of the Irish Republican Army. The conflict of individuality and the cause is what makes THE INFORMER tick. McLaglen's large simple character just wants to go to America and we're reminded by signs of the price for a ticket frequently. Two different signs become the psychological centerpiece for the drunken Irishman. One is the previous the other a WANTED sign. Should he do it and get the money to go?<br /><br />John Ford once famously said "My name is Ford. I make Westerns." After seeing this film he obviously could do a heck of a lot more. The serious social issues dealt with here are heartfelt and ones you will find yourself thinking about. And the look of the piece is amazing consisting of long dark shadows cutting into a miserable Ireland night. Ford was always known for his luminescent gorgeous cinematography that helped to foresee the conflicts within his characters. This is hard in color but he did it in pictures like THE SEARCHERS painting John Wayne in a sometimes vicious manner. Victor McLaglen's performance not only benefits from the lighting but by the sheer simplicity of his acting. He shoves a lot. He knocks people out. He is a brute who knows no better. He should however know whether or not to cross the IRA.<br /><br />See the film to find out the gritty details. See it also for McLaglen and Ford's patriotic portrayal of the IRA. Max Steiner's score is innovative in how it matches gestures of the characters placing more emphasis on them. This was usually only seen in silent films especially Chaplin. The topic of naming names or "informing" is obviously still important. Just look at how the media covered this year's Oscars giving much attention to the Elia Kazan scandal.
critique1455 The Thief of Bagdad is impressive in the shape of the evil magician Jaffar (Conrad Veidt). He plots with lies and magic spells to obtain the kingdom from its rightful ruler the young King Ahmad and a gorgeous princess from her father...<br /><br />He falls victim in the end as all tyrants do (in books and legends) to love and of the common man whom he ignored here embodied by the little thief (Sabu).<br /><br />The armies of good and evil black and white are superbly realized in both visual and literary terms...<br /><br />The script is poetic simply and very beautiful... The costumes of the magician and his men rising and falling like the wings of black birds attacking suddenly in the night to inflict destruction and create terror...<br /><br />The radiant hero wears white turbans and robes and his princess is dressed in pinks and pale blues...<br /><br />For spectacular scenes it matched all that had gone before while through its use of color it brought to life a world such as had not seemed possible before...<br /><br />With flying carpet and flying white horse with a giant genie (excellently played by Rex Ingram) with evil wizards and with the good acting of Sabu and Veidt "The Thief of Bagdad" captures the quality and true atmosphere of the Arabian Nights... <br /><br />The 1940 version remains the screen's finest fairy tale!
critique1456 Anyone who appreciates fine acting and ringing dialogue will love<br /><br />this film. Taken from Ronald 'Taking Sides' Harwood it's a funny<br /><br />and ultimately excoriating analysis of a relationship between two<br /><br />very 'actorly' types. Albert Finney is sublime as the despotic<br /><br />Shakespearean actor who barely notices the world war raging<br /><br />around him so intent is he on the crumbling fortunes of his theatre<br /><br />company and his own psychological and emotional breakdown.<br /><br />Tom Courtenay is matchless as Norman the 'Dresser' of the title<br /><br />whose apparent devotion turns out to be anything but selfless.<br /><br />Really a must see.
critique1457 Action. Comedy. Suspense. This movie has it all.<br /><br />The Plot goes that 4 would be professional thieves are invited to take part in a heist in a small town in Montana. every type of crime movie archetype character is here. Frank the master mind. Carlos the weapons expert. Max the explosives expert. Nick the safe cracker and Ray the car man. Unfortunately for Frank he is apprehended by 2 bumbling detectives ( portrayed very well by Ed O'Niel and Daniel Roebuck ) that have been chasing him from New Jersey write after he sends out the letters to the other 4.<br /><br />Our 4 characters meet up at the train station and from the beginning none of them like or trust one another. Added to the mix is the fact that Frank is gone and they are not sure why they have called together.<br /><br />Now Frank is being taken back to New Jersey by the 2 detectives but soon escapes on foot and tries to make his way back to the guys who are having all sorts of problems of their own.<br /><br />Truly a great film loaded with laughs and great acting. Just an overall good movie for anyone looking for a laugh or something a little different
critique1458 I just finished watching this movie and I must say that I was so impressed.Everything about it was superb. The acting the characters the story. A believable child who grew into brave always willing to help others. His mum must be proud. I could not take my eyes off this film for fear of missing something. It is the prefect fable/tale with morals cute and scary sprites and 'monsters' but nevertheless heartwarming folk. A child poked and bullied at school who becomes a hero. Picked to be a rider at the local village festival and a journey to the Goblin Mountain where he discovers the Yokai who are amazing creations that Brian Froud would be proud of. And the evil Kato and his off sider who definitely needed a hug. These evil people capture the Yokai and throw them into a red pit along with unwanted objects like motorbikes and other mechanical things and these meld into one horribly violent robotic monsters whose only job is to kill. Takashi a young boy is the one to become their saviour alongside a red man/dragon a turtle man and a River Princess as well as a cute little creature that if it had been America they could have turned it into a cuddly toy and sold it at all good toy stores. The lines are good especially the Don't try this at home kids and other gems that bring a smile to your lips. Suspend belief and watch this with a child or on your own and enjoy! Though I must admit that the end was a wee bit sad. And not necessarily so. Cheers Furdion
critique1459 This collection of eleven short stories in one movie is a great idea and presents some great segments but also some disappointing surprises. Based on the tragic event of the September 11th 2001 in the United States of America eleven directors were invited to give their approach to the American tragedy. The result of most of them is not only an individual sympathy to the American people but mainly to the intolerance in the world with different cultures and people.<br /><br />Ken Loach (UK) presents the best segment about the September 11th 1973 in Chile when the democratic government of Salvador Alliende was destroyed by the dictator Augusto Pinochet with the support of the USA.<br /><br />The other excellent segments are the one of Youssef Chahine (Egypt) showing the intolerance in the world and the number of victims made by USA governments in different countries along the contemporary history; and the one of Mira Nair (India) showing a true story of injustice and prejudice against a Pakistanis family whose son was wrongly accused of terrorism in USA when he was indeed a hero.<br /><br />Some segments are beautiful: Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran) shows the innocent Afghans refugee children preparing an inoffensive shelter against bombs while their teacher tries to explain to them what happened on the other side of the world; the romantic Claude Lelouch (France) shows the life of a couple in New York nearby the WTC; Danis Tanovic (Bosnia-Herzegovina) shows the effects of their war in a small location and the lonely protest of widows; Sean Penn is very poetic showing that life goes on; and Shohei Imamura's story is probably the most impressive showing that there is no Holy War but sadness and disgrace.<br /><br />The segment of Idrissa Quedraogo (Birkina Faso) is very naive but pictures the terrible poor conditions of this African nation.<br /><br />The segment of Amos Gital (Israel) is very boring and manipulative showing more violence and terrorism.<br /><br />The segment of Alejandro GonzÃƒÂ¡lez IÃƒÂ±ÃƒÂ¡rritu is very disappointing horrible without any inspiration and certainly the worst one.<br /><br />My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "11 de Setembro" ("September 11")
critique1460 Let's start from this point: This is not a movie intended for the common audience. Utterly bizarre somehow incomprehensible totally unpredictable it just keep you stoned watching at the screen trying to figure out what will happen next. If that by itself doesn't make you agree it is an excellent movie then go back to your "family" movies and forget about MOTORAMA. It has material to be considered a cult movie it can be placed in the same category with movies that win awards in Cannes or other intellectual film festivals but sadly Hollywood already let if fall in oblivion simply because it is not commercial. The performance of young Jordan Christopher Michael may not be Oscar material but he gives the right touch to the story. Even the genre is difficult to describe; it is not a comedy in the proper sense you don't know if you are supposed to laugh at the strange situations in which Gus gets involved. It is more like an impossible adventure that some kids may wish to have but don't let them watch it either... it is not a movie for kids. So if you like Disney movies or are looking for a "Home Alone" style this one is definitively not for you. But if you enjoy reading Edgar Alan Poe or the works of Tim Burton then you will like Motorama. So jump in your red Mustang get a tattoo spelling "Tora" and cruise Strangeland with Gus. I'd like that...
critique1461 This movie is one of the best and moving I have ever seen because of the terrible good performance of the main actress Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris who really makes you feel with her. Also the music by Mark Snow is wonderful.
critique1462 I rented this for my son who is recently found interest in 9/11. He was a Kindergartener at the time and had no idea what was unfolding. I liked the way it was told as a "documentary." If there was one movie that I would recommend to see concerning 9/11 this would be THE one! Normally you see a movie it has actors that are well known. This movie had nobody known. Also you see a movie concerning 9/11 you hear about a fire-fighter or two losing their lives saving people. I didn't feel this had any of that! I only rented this movie and would definitely consider adding it to my collection! Very well done indeed! My heart goes out to the survivors and families of victims of 9/11!
critique1463 We start all of our reviews with the following information. My wife and I have seen nearly 100 movies per year for the past 15 years. Recently we were honored by receiving lifetime movie passes to any movie any time at no cost! So we can see whatever we want whenever we want. The point of this is that CRITICS count for ZERO. Your local critics or the national critics like Ebert are really no different than you or me. The only difference is that they get to write about the movie and are forced to see hundreds of movies whether they want to or not.Therefore it is our belief that if you get your monies worth for two hours of enjoyment that is good enough for us! We NEVER EVER listen or read the critics. We only care about our friends and those who we know like the same things as us. Well enough about that.<br /><br />This movie is very good. not just good but very good. The critics are a bunch of morons. Just because there is nudity and language they hated it. It was worth the price of ticket and that is all you can ask for. Is that not right? Every movie cannot be an academy award nominee. Sharon stone is gorgeous and does a great job in the movie and it mystifies me as to what in the hell the critics want
critique1464 <br /><br />This movie is by far one of my favorites. I saw it while in college in the early 90's and while I couldn't identify with the thirtysomethings in the film I felt that the story characters and movie in general were top notch. To the people who spoke negatively of Indian Summer feel free to stick to your overblown Armageddon-type movies and leave the movies with a great wholesome story to those who can appreciate them.
critique1465 I just wanted to inform anyone who may be interested that the the movie "New Jersey Drive" was my personal favorite off alltime. I admire the work Nick Gomez and Spike Lee put into this masterpiece of a movie. This movie made quite an impression on me because of its realness and its appreciation of detail of life in urban New Jersey. It struck a chord with me personally because I grew up with friends like those depicted in the movie. It further made an impression with me because I used to spend time in Teaneck several years ago so some of the characters were kept "real". At times this movie seemed like a documentary because you didn't know whether or not these were real events taking place. Although movies like "Boys in the Hood" and "Menace II Society" grab more attention I personally feel these movies were somewhat "enhanced" to appeal to a broader audience. "New Jersey Drive" was an uncompromising piece of "in your face" reality. Lee and Gomez covered every detail in this urban drama from the music clothing slang and location.Unlike some of the movies I mentioned earlier the actors performed as if they weren't "actors". Nothing was compromised in order to make good "theater". The only misfortune to come from this movie was the fact that many people "slept" on it. I look forward to more works of art from Nick and Spike in the hopefully near future.
critique1466 This movies is the best movie to watch for comic book feel. The sets costumes and the color are just so vivid it is just like stepping into a comic book. This is the movie I think of when the Mob is mentioned the suits the hats and the attitudes.<br /><br />Hoffman gives comic relief as Mumbles and you can't help but feel sorry for Madonna as she tries and fails to win Tracy over. This movie contains all the classic mob clichÃƒÂ©s - burying people in concrete blowing up peoples cars tieing up the good guy and attempting to blow up his girlfriends house.<br /><br />This movie is a classic in ever sense of the word even camera angels cry out comic book. Its so great to be able to go back to an older movie and see that someone knew how a comic should be made into a movie after seeing such mistakes as Spawn and the Hulk. <br /><br />!!!YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!!!
critique1467 Picture Bride paints a realistic and moving portrait of what it must have been like for Japanese men brought to Hawaii at the turn of the 19th Century to work in the sugar cane fields. Most came planning to return to their homeland but few were ever able to do so. Equally movingly portrayed is the fate of Japanese women some as young as fifteen or sixteen who were sent as promised brides to men they knew only through photographs that often were 10 or 15-years out of date or were of some other younger man. They too worked long hard hours in the fields while fighting homesickness and to preserve their dignity.<br /><br />Director Hatta's portrayal of one picture bride's courage and perseverance struggling to survive in a strange land and alien society under great physical duress is ultimately inspirational and uplifting--a story of moral and cultural survival. There is a grandness and magnificence of sweep of character and landscape in Picture Bride that captures the alluring beauty as well as violent harshness of colonial Hawaii. This is a film that is emotionally intellectually and artistically rewarding.
critique1468 This movie really is a mixed bag. On the one hand the story and concept of the movie are really good tense and have some nice plot twists in it. But than again on the other hand it all is told very slow without style and uninvolved. Still I regard "Just Cause" as an above average thriller simply because of the fine cast.<br /><br />Maybe Sean Connery was miscast in his role. I mean he isn't really that believable as a the main 'hero' and father of a young daughter (played by a still very young Scarlett Johansson by the way) and husband of Kate Capshaw. I feel that he simply was too old for the role to be really credible in it. However Sean Connerey is of course a great actor and that is the only reason why he is still able to carry the movie as good as he does. But he of course is helped by a very solid supporting cast that consists out of actors like Laurence Fishburne Blair Underwood Ned Beatty Hope Lange Lynne Thigpen and Ed Harris. All actors are really good but some of them are highly underused at the same time which is a real shame as well as a missed opportunity. Especially Ed Harris is just totally great in his role as a psychopathic serial killer. He's truly chilling and acting superbly. Normally he doesn't play this ruthless chilling sort of roles in movies so he really surprises with his role in this one. His performance alone is already more than enough reason to watch this movie. However due to the fact that the story is told without much style and too formulaic none of the characters in the movie really work out well because it feels all too distant.<br /><br />It really is the way of storytelling that kills all the movie its fine potential. Arne Glimcher directs the movie with little style and keeps the pace too low at times. Because of this we as viewers never really get involved with the story or any of it's characters.<br /><br />It really is too bad for "Just Cause" had more than enough potential. A fine cast and a slick story with some unexpected twists and turns in it in which nothing is what it seems. The cast and story are the only reason why this movie is still an above average thriller that will probably still please the fan of the genre. It however is an eternal shame that the movie is lacking in its story telling and style or else this movie could had been a real classic in its genre.<br /><br />7/10
critique1469 Elmer Fudd is laughing while lounging in his easy chair and reading his comic book his dog comfortably nearby sleeping in front of the fireplace. All is peaceful until a flea comes bouncing by. (The flea is dressed in a farmer's-type outfit with a big sombrero and is carrying a satchel with the name "A. Flea" on it.) He gets out his telescope and spots the dog. (We see a big shot of the dog's butt and the flea whistles in excitement screaming "T- Bone!" He then sings "There's food around the corner; there's food around the corner!")<br /><br />That sets up the storyline of this cute-but-obnoxious flea tormenting the poor dog. The mutt is hilarious as he reacts to the flea. <br /><br />The drawings of his huge teeth chomping right next to the fleeing flea are clever and the dog's dialog made me laugh out loud a few times. This might be the funniest canine I have ever seen in a cartoon! The poor pooch under a threat of having to take a bath as to NOT react when the stupid flea causes him pain. It's almost painful to watch as the flea uses pickaxes jackhammers and the like on the dog. He puts firecrackers in the dog's behind. It's brutal!
critique1470 With a cast like this I knew the acting would be amazing. Still I was cautious as I always am of sequels. Would it sustain the feeling of the first film? Could they possibly replicate the tension and thrill of the masterful heist of Ocean's 11? We'll never know because they didn't try. At least not in the way I expected. Instead they made a light and truly funny parody of the heist genre. If you want a gripping logical heist don't watch this. If you want a good laugh with witty dialogue quirky characters and an absolutely genius scene where Julia Roberts has to impersonate herself then you'll love Ocean's 12.
critique1471 I still have grainy late night no-cable cheap VHS dubs of this show from waaaaaayyyy back when late-night-commercials and all when I would stay up to whatever weird hour they would slap this show on -- just so I could tape it.<br /><br />The series wasn't really ABOUT Freddy Kreuger - only the first couple of episodes actually involved him as anything but a Rod Serling-esquire announcer. Instead each episode was a distinct nightmare using the traditional horror themes of horrific childhood dating cannibalism dating money death dating and... hmm... dating.<br /><br />From the episode where a teenage boy accidentally says "I will love you forever" to the wrong girl and is stuck with her (literally at least for a moment they grow together...) to the one where a young stewardess goes home with a strange man only to find herself in his cabin where he has a trophy room full of other stewardesses and one I only vaguely remember which compared blind dates to hockey (and the injuries and penalties that go with it) - dating was definitely the scariest thing in the series.<br /><br />One episode had Jeffrey Combs (Re-Animator etc.) as a motivated pizza merchant with a tasty new secret ingredient. Not original but still creepy and fun....<br /><br />Even so some of the episodes were great. My personal favorite was "It's a Miserable Life" where a young man is trapped working in his parents' burger joint when he wants to go off to college. Stuck talking to himself and doing little puppet shows with old cheeseburgers - until one late night when a weird guy comes through the drive through and suddenly his life is not the same. No not Freddy just a thug with a gun - turns out the whole mind-blowing episode is just that - the last thoughts that pass through the kid's head... along with a bullet.<br /><br />The second half of the same episode (many of the Freddie's Nightmares episodes were essentially two vaguely connected short stories) followed his girlfriend who was also wounded but not killed in the drive-by and who is taken to "the hospital from heck" - they cram in all the most creepy hospital nightmare clichÃƒÂ©s and then some - from accidentally having your mouth sewn shut - or waking up during an operation - to having your dead boyfriend try and lure you into the morgue for a little cuddle.<br /><br />Again that was my favorite.<br /><br />Some of the episodes were much dumber like ALMOST ALL OF THE ONES THEY'VE MADE AVAILABLE ON VIDEO. They put the crummy ones out as representative of the series and then nobody likes them thinks the show stunk and then they don't put any more on video. It's a Miserable Life is only available on PAL DVD in England - but I'm still gonna buy it.
critique1472 A chance encounter between a salesman and a hit-man changes both their lives. This is an odd film that works an impressive effort for writer-director Shepard. In a daringly unglamorous role that is a far cry from James Bond Brosnan is surprisingly effective as the lonely hit-man who starts to buckle under the stress of his job but is unable to connect emotionally with anyone to help him cope. Kinnear is equally good as the salesman a decent fellow with a void in his life. Davis is fine as Kinnear's flirtatious wife. Mainly a character study the film is rewarding because it feels fresh and unpredictable an extremely dark comedy.
critique1473 Being the Beatlemaniac that I am I approached Two Of Us with a combination of fear and fascination. Having seen 'In His Life: The John Lennon Story' I was quite concerned that Two Of Us will turn out no better. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris look absolutely nothing like John Lennon and Paul McCartney Ã‚Â– even with some make-up and proper hairdos Ã‚Â– didn't help one bit.<br /><br />But I was more than a bit pleasantly surprised. It's probably thanks to the involvement of Michael Lindsay-Hogg who directed Let It Be in 1970 and consequently probably knew John and Paul quite well that the characters and the dialogue came across as convincing as they did. (The writing credit for Two Of Us is given to a man named Mark Stanfield of whom I know absolutely nothing; I feel confident that director Lindsay-Hogg had more than a bit to do with the script.) Two Of Us is not a biography of the Beatles; it has very little plot in fact and takes place all in one day in New York City. What it does is imagine a meeting between John and Paul in 1976 while John lived in New York. That meeting is entirely fictitious of course Ã‚Â– though it can't truly be disproved that such a meeting actually took place. But through that imagined conversation it gives us a glimpse into the personalities of these two great musicians Ã‚Â– their intelligence their sense of humor their different reaction to stardom and most of all their relationship; what made them such a great team and what broke them up.<br /><br />Since it's a talk movie nothing much except for dialogue between two characters for an hour and a half it's likely to bore all but true fans of the Beatles; but it's a fantastic piece of writing and storytelling and is both informative and touching. For those interested in these two musical giants very quickly you'll get over the shock of how different the actors look from their counterparts and feel like John and Paul had come to life Ã‚Â– so intimate and convincing is the script and so committed are the actors. Two Of Us gives you priceless insight into the lives of two geniuses and a tale that is both sad and funny. Most certainly recommended.
critique1474 Possibly John Cassavetes best film to date and definitely his funniest. Seymour Cassel plays the young Moskowitz smitten with real-life wife of Cassavetes Gena Rowlands excellent as usual. A must see gem of a film if you can locate it.
critique1475 Le conseguenze dell'amore (2004)is a beautifully made film that takes small carefully positioned steps towards its ending that need to be savoured in order to be enjoyed. From the contrasting landscapes to the tightly enclosed world that the hero inhabits we are taken by the Director and controlled from the very moment we enter the hotel. We like the hero will never escape from the suffocating intensity and paradoxical monotony of his criminally driven Mafia world. That the film resists Mafia stereotypes whilst revelling in them makes it all the more successful. The concrete grave the inevitable brutal executions and overwhelming maleness are laid bare and exposed for what they are. Just brutality and business and no more. Life is about being part of the corporate machine that is organised crime and not about love or living for self family or others. Our hero is indeed a hero in that he gives up his life for the sake of the touch of the beautiful barmaid the resolution of the misery suffered by his only neighbours in the hotel and in order to escape his decorative prison. The consequences of love are indeed beautiful and brutal at the same time. See it!!
critique1476 I must admit I am a big fan of South Park and was expecting Basketball to be funny but nowhere near as good as it turned out to be! I think this is what happens when you mix David Zucker Matt Stone and Trey Parker together. This movie has so much replay value and at no point bothers to take itself seriously. The slap stick style humor mixed with Stone and Parker just works flawlessly. The kind of humor present in Basketball was not popular upon the time of it's release and had it come out today it would be a hit. Don't bother trying to be critical just leave your brain at the door and expect endless laughs to come. Recommended to anyone with a good sense of humor.
critique1477 Another great musical from Hollywoods Golden Age! I liked this movies story about a trio of friends who are performers at a small nightclub that is far from Broadway and all its glitter. Although not the big time they are very content with their lives and the small club where they perform. Gene Kelly plays the owner of the small club and is also the boyfriend of one of its dancers Rita Hayworth who happens to garner some attention when she's given an opportunity to be on a cover of a magazine. Trouble begins for Gene Kelly as his girlfriend is now the talk of the town. Phil Silvers plays one of the three friends and does a good job. Of course there is the music and the dancing. One dance performance by Gene Kelly stands out. He is walking along the street at night alone and he see his reflection in a shop window. His reflection soon starts dancing along with him in the streets great cinematography. Don't miss this one great entertainment.
critique1478 This has been one of the best vampire movies that I have seen in a long time. It was very seductive and alluring I liked that it did not have the usual gore and carnage that comes along with most vampire movies. The music was excellent. It would be great if there was a sequel.
critique1479 Valentine "Dogkiller" Dussaut and Joe "The Judge" Kern join forces to clean up the mean streets of Geneva! Thrill as they put the kibosh on international heroin smugglers Polish fugitives peeping toms philandering girlfriends renegade dogs and litterbugs who are too lazy to bin their recyclables. Don't be fooled by the deceptive Miramax ad campaign that paints it as a pretentious art house flick. This movie is 100% action!
critique1480 The Marriage of Maria Braun (MMB) is about a German girl (Maria) getting married to a German soldier (Herman Braun) just at the ending of the war. After being married for half a day and a night Herman is send to the front again. To make ends meet Maria starts working at a bar for mainly American soldiers and get to know a black soldier. She got word that Herman died at the front and things develop between her and the American soldier. Herman walks in on them in bed and after a confrontation between him and the American Maria killed the American. Herman admits to the murder ends up in jail and Maria vows to wait for him. The country is in shambles; one sees people leaving everything that they are busy with for a cigarette. There are food shortages. It is in short a time of survival of the fittest. <br /><br />Basically this film projects Maria's attitudes - those attitudes she permits herself under the mentioned circumstances as a metaphor for Germany's loss of soul after they lost the war and how it proceeds to rebuild itself. For example Maria has the following conversation with a peddler (played by Fassbinder himself); the peddler tries to sell her an excellent copy of Kleist and she remarks that "Kleist burns out to quickly it does not provide enough heat for the cold". The peddler answers "That's another way to look at it. Right now it's probably the correct way". <br /><br />Maria meets a French/German business man Karl Oswald after she bargains her way into the first class train compartment. She decides to get involve with Karl "You're not having an affair with me; I'm having an affair with you". She also takes responsibility in the company and after a while has the complete trust of the firm. When Karl says "I suppose we'll just have to wait for a miracle" she replies "I prefer making miracles Ã‚Â– then wait for them". In her own words she has become the "Mata Hari of the economic miracle".<br /><br />In a lot of Fassbinder's films he tried to expose the psychological processes which lie behind social mechanisms (see Freud); in other words he liked pointing his camera at the bullsh*t the false social mechanisms the pretending. The direct approach Maria takes in this film is successful to convey this ideology. For example she phones Karl and when he picks up the phone her request is straight to the point "I need someone to sleep with". As Fassbinder said "the emotions people felt did not exist at all and were only a kind of sentimentality which we thought we needed to be properly functioning members of society". He also remarked that his films are anti emotional. <br /><br />I particularly liked the scene when Karl and Maria meet in the Munich restaurant (apparently frequently visited by Hitler himself). Maria appears in control and Karl a bit on the down side as if Maria's 'brutal honesty' wears him out as if he is not completely up to the situation anymore. Karl says "I have to tell myself over and over that I love life". Maria replies "That's life isn't it. As if we signed a contract to enjoy life. And then we go out to eat and talk about food". I guess this is also about Fassbinder attitudes on relationships to never submit completely to anyone. And why would you if the central matter of most of his films is about "What love becomes in this society Ã‚Â– a commodity an instrument of power a weapon."<br /><br />It was remarked that it is typical Fassbinder to have the scenes with Maria and Betti walking in expensive dresses in the ruins after the war - with these clothing essentially the wrong period. What I think he wanted to portray here were those attitudes when you feel bad that "you can always put on your make up and face the day looking great". But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any mistakes made in a film could just be corrected in the next project. Since he completed films (approximately 4 a year) the way other people rolled cigarettes it is not peculiar that this film has some very bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer who wrote most of the script mentioned that Fassbinder likely dreamed up the whole scene with Maria and the American in the park overnight. <br /><br />Hanna Schygulla is brilliant as Maria. Mostly she just stares bluntly into the camera. In Maria's own words "It is a bad time for emotions. But I like it like that". <br /><br />There are different opinions about the end. After Karl died of a hart attack Herman finally shows up. (Herman left for Australia after he got out of prison to "become human again".) After the testament is delivered (made out to her and Herman in half) Maria forgets to close the gas on the stove when she lights her cigarette and blow her and Herman up. For me it is obvious that she just did that by accident. At the same time she must have been rattled when her dreams finally seem about to come true. She must have felt as if she was not herself anymore. She felt as if she had outlived herself.
critique1481 Pet Semetary (1989) 9/10 The Creed family have just moved into the small town of Ludlow. The family consists of a father Louis a mother Rachel a brother Gage and a daughter Ellen. They are greeted with kindness by Jud Crandall. Jud is 89 and could basically tell you about the entire history of Ludlow.<br /><br />Behind the Creed's new house there is a path leading to a pet cemetery (spelled pet sematary). When Ellen wants to go up to see it Jud willfully takes the family on a trip. That is the start of hell for the Creed family.<br /><br />When Rachel and the kids are gone Ellen's cat Church dies. Jud feels that Ellen isn't ready for the death of her cat so he suggests Louis follow him further up the path past the pet cemetery.<br /><br />Jud tells Louis of this burial ground once used by Micmac Indians. Louis buries Church without Jud's help. A couple of days later Church returns alive but from hell.<br /><br />This movie was one of two horror movies that could actually scare me aside from "The Exorcist." The greatest performance would ever be Zelda Rachel's sister with spinal meningitis or Victor Pascow a ghost who tries to help the Creeds from making the mistake of bringing back things from the dead.<br /><br />The music in this movie plays an extravagant part. It is at the same time sad and mysterious. It goes along with the movie wonderfully.<br /><br />9/10
critique1482 One of the most excellent movies ever produced in Russia and certainly the best one made during the decline of the USSR. Incredibly clever hilarious and dramatic at the same time. Superb acting. Overall a masterpiece. Score it 10/10. <br /><br />
critique1483 I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. I still vividly remember the film especially the performance of Robert Taylor. I always thought Taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid almost dull leading man type and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. This film however proved what an interesting actor he could be. He did not get enough roles like this during his long career. This is his best performance. He is totally believable in a truly villainous role. From what I have read he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. He basically would just do what MGM gave him. This film proves that he could have handled more diverse and difficult roles. The other thing I remember about this film is how annoying Lloyd Nolan's character was. Nolan was a great actor but this character really aggravated me. The last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. This film is definitely worth a look.
critique1484 For avid Sci-Fi fans this movie is just what you've been waiting for. Watching this movie gets you lost into the characters especially Riddick the movies bad guy. This is the case where you root for the bad guy and want to see him live and win. As you watch the survivors struggle to stay alive you long to see who lives and how they survive these unknown creatures that have taken over this planet. An excellent movie Vin Diesel did a wonderful job as convict Riddick and the acting and suspense were ravishing.A+
critique1485 Plunkett and Macleane is an entertaining fast-paced and refreshing film. Refreshing because unlike most other period films it does not strive to give the audience a history lesson or preach pompously - indeed historical accuracy is all but ignored. This film does not take itself too seriously and seeks to entertain rather than enlighten. Plunkett and Macleane is set in the 18th century yet director Jake Scott offers a thoroughly 90s take. There's action sex and swearing aplenty and in the inevitable ball scene the aristocracy dance to disco beats. Jonny Lee Miller and Robert Carlyle are brilliant as always and the rest of the cast especially Alan Cumming as a flirtatious fop are also highly entertaining. The film is visually spectacular in places and is a mixture of comedy action and drama with a love interest provided by Liv Tyler with a shaky english accent. In short if you're looking for an entertaining couple of hours this is the film for you. It won't make you think but it could well put a smile on your face.
critique1486 Certainly when I saw this movie at HBO I was bit erratic in following the plot but it catches my attention when seeing Dustin Hoffman in it. Honestly I'm not enthralled watching old movies but then in the long run it changes my point of view. Seeing this stirring film made me experience once again couching at my seat not noticing my tears suddenly roll down my cheek and then after let loose a heavy sigh in realizing the impact of what I've just witness. Kramer vs Kramer was indeed one of the best classical drama movies I've witnessed for a long time that even I myself couldn't imagine how it touched me. The story was strongly emotional but is not saturated with such. The characters weren't unrealistic for their roles; they possess qualities that make viewers like them whatever position they have in the film like the role of Meryl Streep she was a mother who honestly concede her mistakes at the past but then she's confident to stand up her emotional motives to get what she desires in a fair and square battle. Dustin Hoffman was way too outstanding I can't even fathom how this guy could play seriously difficult roles and suddenly jump into another role which is completely different then performed it well. Even though I have already seen the movies a lot of times when I seat back and lounge at my home scanning worth movies to peer and buy a time for it catching a glimpse for Kramer vs Kramer will make my experience another worthwhile moment.
critique1487 Cary Grant Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Victor McLaglen are three soldiers in 19th Century India who with the help of a water boy (Sam Jaffe) rid the area of the murderous thuggee cult. The chemistry between the actors helps make this one of the most entertaining movies of all time. Sam Jaffe is exceptional as the outcast water boy who is mistreated by all and still wants to be accepted as a soldier in the company. Loosely based on Rudyard Kipling's poem. A must see by anyone who enjoys this type of movie.
critique1488 This is such a great movie "Call Me Anna" because it shows how a person has suffered for so long without knowing what was wrong with her. For Patty Duke to come out in the publics eye and tell her story is an inspiration to those who suffer from this disease. I have a lot of respect for her as a person. The only thing I don't like is I can't get it on tape I've tried looking for it but with no success. Any one know how to get it?
critique1489 Long trailer? whoever said that has got to be joking. this has got to be one of the most in depth behind the scenes or making of documentary ever made. how can it be a trailer when several minutes are spent telling the audience how the movie was conceptualized and then brought to the studios? this documentary also spends lots and lots of time detailing how stunts were done and the new technologies created to achieve them. then it shows us how woo ping's team came up with the fight scenes along with blocking tapes that pretty much put to shame the actual scenes with the actors. there is stuff mentioned about matrix reloaded but there's hardly anything really. if you are a real fan of the matrix you have to see this documentary. the original documentary in the dvd is good but incomplete compared to this one. for instance it never explained why keanu wore a neck brace in the original documentary but that is explained in Revisited. the Revisited dvd also shows carrie ann moss spraining her ankle during the lobby scene and being really distraught because she feels like she's letting the crew down. and that's just the tip of the iceberg. so ignore that "just a long trailer" review and go check it out for yourself. you won't regret it. casual matrix fans need not apply...
critique1490 I have only seen this once--in 1986 at an "artsy" theater in Minneapolis...but I remember it like I saw it a thousand times this morning. Hilarious ("Sawing for Teens" playing Scrabble with all "e" tiles) beautifully animated (taking off her eyes shaking them back into position then putting them back on) and poignant (the end of the world the pettiness of a snit)...<br /><br />Required viewing for the human race. Calling this simply a cartoon is like calling THE GREAT GATSBY nifty typing.
critique1491 David Mamet wrote the screenplay and made his directorial debut with `House of Games' a character study fraught with psychological overtones in which a psychiatrist is lured into the dark world of the confidence game. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and has written a best-selling novel 'Driven.' Still she is somewhat discontented with her own personal life; there's an emptiness she can neither define nor resolve and it primes her vulnerability. When a patient Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein) confides to her during a session that he owes big money to some gamblers and that they're going to kill him if he doesn't pay she decides to intervene on his behalf. This takes her to the `House of Games' a seedy little dive where she meets Mike (Joe Mantegna) a charismatic con-man who wastes no time before enticing her into his world. Instead of the `twenty-five large' that Billy claimed he owed Mike shows her his book and it turns out to be eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to wipe the slate clean if she'll agree to do him one simple favor which involves a card game he has going on in the back room. In the middle of a big hand Mike is going to leave the room for a few minutes; while he is gone her job is to watch for the `tell' of one of the other players. By this time not only Margaret but the audience as well is hooked. The dialogue and Mamet's unique style and the precise cadence with which his actors deliver their lines is mesmerizing. As Mike leads Margaret through his compelling surreal realm of existence and introduces her to the intricacies of the con game we are swept right along with her. From that first memorable encounter when he demonstrates what a `tell' is and how it works to the lessons of the `short con' to the stunning climax of this film Mamet keeps the con going with an urgency that is relentless. And nothing is what it seems. In the end Margaret learns some hard lessons about life and human nature and about herself. She changes; and whether or not it's for the better is open to speculation. Mantegna is absolutely riveting in this film; he lends every nuance possible to a complex character who must be able to lead you willingly into the shadows and does. Crouse also turns in an outstanding performance here; you feel the rigid up-tight turmoil roiling beneath that calm self-assured exterior and when her experiences with Mike induce the change in her she makes you feel how deeply it has penetrated. She makes you believe that she is capable of what she does and makes you understand it as well. The dynamic supporting cast includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey) Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer) J.T. Walsh (The Businessman) Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). `House of Games' is the quintessential Mamet; he's written and directed a number of high-caliber plays and films since and will no doubt grace us with more in the future. But this film will be the one that defines him; and you can go to the dictionary and look it up. You'll find it under `Perfection.' This is one great movie you do not want to miss. I rate this one 10/10.
critique1492 Almost no cinema experience can beat a good thriller with a sense of humor. Geena Davis is a schoolteacher housewife who suffers from amnesia. She'e even on the PTA! But then an auto accident awakens the woman she used to be and it's HOT! Samuel L. Jackson is hilarious as the low rent private eye who tries to help Davis find her past only to find out he's in way over his head. Davis has some hilarious lines too and the interaction between her and Jackson works surprisingly well.<br /><br />Look for Brian Cox the original Hannibal Lechter and David Moorse finally managing to shed his St. Elsewhere TV image. The film is directed by Davis' husband who almost seems to have built the whole film around her but it works.<br /><br />I pull out this DVD and rewatch it often. I still love the makeup scene. Is Geena hot or what?
critique1493 An overlong but compelling retelling of the friendship between civil rights leader Steve Biko and Donald Woods. The first half of the film is the strongest where we see the bond formed between the two men and how they help each other out but the second half isn't as strong due to the elimination of the Biko character. Still its a compelling film with great performances by Kline and Washington in the film that put the latter on the map. Washington was also was nominated for best supporting actor for the first time. Overall a well made film that could have been trimmed down a bit. 7/10.____________________________________
critique1494 My boyfriend and I both enjoyed this film very much. The viewer is swept away from modern life into old Japan while at the same time exposed to very current themes. The characters are realistic and detailed; it has an unpredictable ending and story which is very refreshing. The story is made up of mini-plots within the life of several geisha living together in a poor city district. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in a realistic romance or life in old Japan.<br /><br />
critique1495 I saw it at a German press screening. Without giving too much away: Most critics really seemed to like it very much. There was even applause afterwards which is quite unusual for that species. From my point of view and until now it was the funniest movie of the year. It keeps the charm and wit of the three W+G shorts and it is enlarged with many references to these and other movies. Of course there are obvious allusions to monster- and werewolf-movies especially to "An American Werewolf in London" "Jaws" "King Kong" and even to Peter Jackson's "Braindead"/"Dead Alive" but also to other genres.<br /><br />Characterization was better done in "Chicken Run" but that movie had a complete new "cast" where introduction was necessary. Here you are already able to know the two main characters. So the new "Wallace and Gromit"-movie is enjoyed best if you watched (and liked) the shorts already yet it also works on its own. "Chicken Run" had the more convenient but also more "storytelling" plot. Instead this new Aardman masterpiece keeps that crazier and somehow more "isolated" feeling of the W+G shorts. Children should also enjoy it very much especially because of the sweet rabbits (if you love cute bunnies this is a must-see for you!!!) and because Gromit has a lot do to and really steals the show (children also love dogs... :-) ). But many jokes are thought for a more adult audience (there are even soft sexual allusions in it). The movie manages like "Shrek 1+2" and "The Incredibles" to fulfil high level entertainment for the whole family with adding a British and at least a little bit darker edge to the humour of American animated movies.<br /><br />The animation is Ã‚Â– as expected Ã‚Â– superb and they kept true to the Aardman style because they didn't put in too many digital effects - I realized just a few when it came to Wallace's inventions.<br /><br />Finally the score works fine in the movie although one of the main themes definitely is "borrowed" by Randy Edelman's "Dragonheart" score.<br /><br />The bad thing is: It will probably take another six years from now until we can see a new animated gem from Nick Park & Co.
critique1496 I have to vote this 10 out of 10 in the rare chance that she happens to see this review takes pity on me whisks me to Hollywood and involves me in her freaky/funny world. But in all seriousness it was good. First episode is obviously finding it's feet but it's got that Silverman weirdness running all the way through it. It's not a laugh out loud sort of comedy but that's good thing too much has a laughter-track to it and this wouldn't be right with cues when to laugh it's to the audience to hear their inner jester laughing at the absurdness of it all. I can easily see this as being the bizarro Drew Carey show with it's weird characters and incredibly strong central character. Well worth a watch look forward to the following episodes. A VERY good chance from the usual comedy out there. <br /><br />ps Sarah? Call me....
critique1497 Both Disney and Bill Paxton did a fine job in conveying a story that is based in fact. You do not have to like the game of golf to appreciate the story of one man's struggle to overcome the odds. It could have been based on any sport or simply on any other situation which involves competition though this one just happens to be related to Golf. The only problem I have with the story is that I would have liked to see a bit deeper into each of the main characters esp. Mr. Ouimet. Mr. Francis Ouimet is a typical young man of his times turn of the century America where "class lines" are well delineated and woe be it to anyone who deigns to try to rise above his "class" standing. I did a bit of historical research and my biggest question was indeed answered to my satisfaction. Although the circumstances are a bit different than those portrayed in the film I came away with a feeling of content. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie I believe you will too.
critique1498 As always Joan Hickson is wonderful as Jane M. Subtle sharp and aware. I do not wish to dwell on her acting skills as they are praised enough on this site. I would like to criticize some of the smaller parts as the rest of the cast seemed to be hand picked by director David Tucker.<br /><br />Liz Fraser's performance as Mrs. Bent (the mother of the missing girl Nora) is a joy to watch. Subtle and deeply moving as the alcohol-depending grieving mother who loves and misses her daughter desperately. A good long shot of her monologue (thanks Tucker!) so she can be enjoyed to the fullest. I was moved when I saw her the first time when it was broadcast and I am moved again now I have it on DVD. Brava.<br /><br />Joanna Hole as Madge the tour-guide I find highly amusing. She is on the edge of over-acting but her role can have it. She is SO funny as the over-organized guide who wants to do good with everyone on that bus I find her hilarious. Her reaction after she boarded every-one on the bus is great... As always: to perform comedy one has to take it very seriously and that's what Ms Hole does.<br /><br />I do hope those two ladies have good careers (as I live in Holland I do not know if they have not all theater productions can be googled...) -their performances on the screen deserve it.<br /><br />Pieter
critique1499 Mat Spirogolou's (Toby Malone) family know he is a talented footballer and are pleased when he secures an audition to join a big club. They hope that when he arrives in the city his cousin will look after him.<br /><br />But the cousins are like chalk and cheese: one a naive farm boy the other a streetwise spendthrift who has managed to get mixed up with drug dealers and gangsters. Mat is unlikely to have a quiet evening in before his big day.<br /><br />Having missed his cousin George (Damien Robertson) on arrival in the city Mat encounters further trouble when a young biker takes him for a ride in more ways than one.<br /><br />Toby Malone probably better known for his work in theatre puts in a commendable performance as the bucolic teenager. There are telltale signs of a low budget but as with so many other low-budget movies there's more fun seemingly more spontaneity and more charm than there is to be seen in the average Hollywood blockbuster.
critique1500 Made after QUARTET was TRIO continued the quality of the earlier film versions of the short stories by Maugham. Here the three stories are THE VERGER MR. KNOW-IT-ALL and SANITORIUM. The first two are comic (THE VERGER is like a prolonged joke but one with a good pay-off) and the last more serious (as health issues are involved). Again the author introduces the film and the stories.<br /><br />James Hayter soon to have his signature role as Samuel Pickwick is the hero in THE VERGER. He holds this small custodial-type job in a church but the new Vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears Hayter has no schooling he fires him. Hayter has saved some money so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) he fancies buying a small news and tobacco shop. He has a good eye and his store thrives. Soon he has a whole chain of stores. When his grandchild is christened by Hordern the latter is amazed to see how prosperous his ex-Verger. The payoff is when bank manager Felix Aylmer meets with Hayter about diversifying his investments. I'll leave it to you to hear the unintentional but ironic coda of the meeting.<br /><br />According to Maugham he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a splashy friendly and slightly overbearing type from the Middle East who is on a business trip (regarding jewelry) by steamship. His state-room mate is Mr. Grey (the ever quiet and proper Wilfred Hyde-White) who is somewhat silently disapproving of Max. Max likes to enliven things and soon is heavily involved in the ship's entertainment. At this point the story actually resembles part of the plot of the non-Maugham story and film CHINA SEAS (1935) as Max makes a bet that he can tell a real piece of jewelry from a fake (after insisting that a piece of jewelry he spotted is real). I won't describe the way Max rises to the occasion.<br /><br />SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (the fictional alter-ego of Maugham - a writer and one time spy as in Hitchcock's THE SECRET AGENT). Here he has to use a sanitorium for a couple of months for his health. He finds a remarkable crew of people including Jean Simmons as a frail but beautiful young woman Finlay Currie as an irascible Scotsman John Laurie as a second irascible Scotsman who is "at war" with Currie Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient who only shows his internal anger at his situation when his wife shows up and Michael Rennie as a young man who has a serious life threatening illness. Culver watches as three stories among these characters play out to their conclusions. The last dealing with Simmons and Rennie is ironic but deeply moving.<br /><br />It was a dandy follow-up to the earlier QUARTET and well worth watching.
critique1501 When this first came out my dad brought it home- we were amazed by it- It was so different from anything we had seen before. I was looking for a specific movie last night and I found 'The Mind's Eye' again. The box is falling apart and I am surprised that the tape still works! Although it is not 'Finding Nemo' quality graphics it is still very good. They should sell this again- it is a landmark for computer animation imagery. Highly recommended!
critique1502 Action & Adventure.Billie Clark is twenty years old very pretty and without a care in the worlduntil a brutal street gang violates her life and she turns into an ALLEY CAT bent on revenge! When the gang attacks her grandparents house and her car Billie uses her black belt prowess to fight them off. But at the same time she earns their hatred and she and her grandparents are marked for vengence.When her grandparents lose their lives to the brutal thugs. Billie becomes like a cat stalking her prey-and no prisonpolice forceboyfriendor crooked judge can get in the way of her avenging claws. She's a one-woman vigilante squada martial arts queena crack shot with no mercy. She's the ALLEY CAT.Watch for the dramatic ending versus the Gang leader! Rated R for Nudity & Violence Other Films with Karin Mani: Actress - filmographyAvenging Angel (1985) .... Janie Soon Lee  "From Here to Eternity" (1979) (mini) TV Series .... Tawny Filmography as: Actress Stunts - filmographyAvenging Angel (1985) (stunts)P.S. She should have been Catwoman in the Batman Movie!<br /><br />
critique1503 The best way for me to describe Europa which is high on the list of my favourite films is the exclamation that came from a companion after the film ended: "I didn't know films could be made like that". Entirely original in it's visual style it is one of the best examples of what cinema can be. It's as far away from the "master and coverage" style of shooting as one can get; perfectly integrating many layers of image sound effects props dialogue voice over performance editing lighting etc... all equal none predominant. Despite Hollywood's "dialogue" myopia cinema is not about dialogue nor is it about beautiful lighting action or music. It works best when all the elements are on an equal footing where ONLY the BLENDING of those elements in the order or combination in which they are presented will communicate the idea. Reduce or eliminate the contribution of one element and the film has no meaning. "Europa" is what cinema should strive to be.
critique1504 Compelling and Innovative! At the beginning of this criminally underrated Whoopi Goldberg flick the writers draw a parallel between Theodore Rex and the 1941 Orson Welles classic "Citizen Kane". The writers are justified in drawing such a seemingly disparate parallel but the viewing public is too often hoodwinked into seeing overly hyped Hollywood schlock to appreciate the subtle similarities between these two movies. In "Citizen Kane" Charles Foster Kane is feared and admired by his colleagues and his underlings much like Whoopi Goldberg in this movie. This movie is about finding love in everybody's differences. It is an epic examination of the fear of abandonment and the need for love and acceptance in a society that is dominated by greed and self-absorption. Whoever paired Whoopi Goldberg and Theodore Rex formulated a dyad for the ages with the only justifiable comparisons being Bogey and Bacall Hepburn and Tracy and Hall and Oates. If you would love to watch an uplifting celluloid philosophical examination of some of humanity's deepest drives; Bergman-esqe but not as depressing Theodore Rex should be viewed immediately!
critique1505 What can i say i have grown up watching Hum Saath Saath Hain Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Maine Pyar Kiya. Soraj have always been different. Movies are part of our lives in evolutionary times Soraj creates something thats hard to find. Love and joint family that loving and great. Vivah is journey for a couple that are getting arrange marriage that turns on arrange and love marriage. Shahid has done fine work. Anupamji as always brilliant. Amrita Rao quit different even though I felt that someway the other to me she doesn't suit in that role. We've seen her in Ishk Vishk and Ab ke baras and Main ho on Na. So quit different role that she isn't in to. She is been excellent in Main ho on Na and ishk vishk but may be she could've put little more in the role. Anyways great going work by Barjatya. This movie rejuvenates the values that we forgot. Sweet film of the year. Great music and lyrics. I am not sure if its a remake but anyways brilliant story that is original. Soraj's movies have been brilliant all the way so we always expect something different from him. Great work by all the cast the crew and everybody. Lovely family film to enjoy with your parents siblings friends and love ones. I give it 10 out of 10.
critique1506 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1507 Starting off here's a synopsis: Porno queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by her pornographer lover Max (George Shannon) in a game of sexual Russian roulette. Alta's other lover icy lesbian casting agent Camila Stone (Mary Woronov) provides an alibi for Max. But Camila has an agenda of her own and a plan involving the seduction of innocent actress Julie (Lynn again) in a web of sexual mind games. When the lookalikes' identities are sufficiently blurred the stage is set for vengeance as passionate as the most heated carnal encounter.<br /><br />Though this movie is quite obscure and never got much attention I find it to be a sexy suspenseful gem. Cult goddess Woronov has one of her best-ever roles and she and sexy-innocent Lowry play off each other well. The unsettling music provided by Gershon Kingsley plus two original songs ("All-American Boy" "You Say You've Never Let Me Down") and the Jaynetts' "Sally Go 'Round the Roses" compose a memorable soundtrack. Theodore Gershuny's direction is sharp with everything photographed in muted earth tones that perfectly suggest unsavory business bubbling under society's upper crust. With tons of great New York atmosphere Ondine (Woronov's friend and fellow Warholite) giving a great performance in a small role and exotic Monique Van Vooren as Max's ex-wife in a comic sub-plot. This sub-plot though amusing looks like it belongs in another movie altogether. However I'm not complaining as the film is smooth even as it changes gears and is a hell of a lot more interesting that the erotic-thriller garbage currently being cranked out.<br /><br />Trivia: Sugar Cookies was originally rated X (soft-core) and released by General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the proud owner of an original one-sheet poster--lucky me! In 1977 the movie was cut for an R and re-released by Troma Team which now offers it uncut on videotape. Mary Woronov was the wife of Theodore Gershuny at the time and was reportedly uncomfortable performing the graphic lesbian simulated sex scenes with him leering behind the camera. She can also be seen in two of his earlier productions Kemek (1970) and Silent Night Bloody Night (1972).
critique1508 2005 Toronto Film Festival Report It is official; "Takashi Miike" is whacked.<br /><br />The annual midnight screening of the new "Takashi Miike" film "The Big Spook War" or "The Great Yokai War" or "YÃƒÂ´kai daisensÃƒÂ´". Call it what you will this is a fanatical ride.<br /><br />Colin Geddes the fearless programmer stated this film was originally geared towards children in Japan. Think of "Lord of the Rings" or "Neverending Story" for Japan. After the screening I can understand where they were going with that but damn this is "Takashi Miike" after all. He directed the '01 film "Ichi the Killer" when it screening at the festival barf bags were handed out at the screening. And no that wasn't just a marketing ploy.<br /><br />Plot Summary: A young boy with a troubled home life becomes "chosen" and he stumbles into the middle of a Great Spirit war where he meets a group of friendly spirits who become his companions through his journey.<br /><br />This is not really for kids well not 'too' young. Certainly see them getting scared shitless with some of these spirits (even the friendly ones) on display. This is unlike anything I've seen in the movie theater before. A fantasy naturally some very funny (but dark) material. You will not be bored can guarantee that. Will this ever hit North America? Doubtful.<br /><br />My rating = B
critique1509 This is a feel-good movie and nothing more. And for that it is great fun to watch. Sure it skims over political issues. But so what? I am sure she wasn't trying to make 'Good Night and Good Luck' here. Let's not try to make it anything else but what it is...light fare. <br /><br />And very enjoyable at that!<br /><br />Do we remember what 1984 was like? We've become very sophisticated according to the media as far as what we watch or not. I tend to differ on this point. Goldie knew this was fun-fluff and she went ahead and did it.<br /><br />Like her lightest fare: Protocol Overboard Housesitter Wildcats Private Benjamin Seems Like Old Times Foul Play Death Becomes Her First Wives Club and the remake of Out-of-Towners GOLDIE knows what she is doing...she plays every role for the camp that you can get out of it! Goldie just knows herself really well and she knows what she can do really well.<br /><br />She has always made me laugh cheerfully and innocently. I loved her in Laugh-In and every thing she's ever been in. She has never tried to be anything else but who she is...and that's that bubbling giggly girl next door who happens to be very pretty and has a smile and a laugh that will always endear me and remind me that life is pretty short and you've just got to lighten up because before you know it...you are old wrinkled and suffering from one of life's inevitable ailments. If it even comes that late.<br /><br />I appreciate Goldie for what she is: a lovable comic actress.
critique1510 Halloween 666 (1995) The producer's cut review!<br /><br />Halloween 666 starts of with a recap of the horrific ending to Part five. If you thought the last chapter was dark this one will really blow your mind. A mysterious "Man in Black" has raided the Haddonfield Police Department freeing Micheal Myers. In the process poor Jamie Lloyd was abducted by strange cultists. What they want with her? Who knows but let's just say her long suffering will end soon. Doctor Loomis is back spending the rest of his twilight years trying to stop Michael Myers from killing any more innocents (good luck). A friend of Loomis Doctor Wynn comes back after a four sequel hiatus to help the good doctor. Another old face from part one guest stars as well.<br /><br />This dark and dreary sequel was dismantled during the post production editing. For some reason the distributors felt that the final product wasn't worth the average horror film watcher's time. So they decide to dumb it down. Then after having the film sit on the shelf for several months it laid an egg at the box office. No matter what they did to the film they made it worse. They should have left well enough alone. Hey the film company knows better than the filmmakers now....don't they?<br /><br />Producer's Cut :Highly recommended <br /><br />Released version: Not recommended
critique1511 This beautiful story of an elder son coming home and learning to love and be a part of all those things that he left home to get away from is poignant and moving. It shows a society that is perhaps strange to us in the Western world with a sense of family that we have lost. The story is beautiful sad and at times funny and comic. It has a feeling of realism that we don't seem to see any longer in our western movies.<br /><br />The acting is unusual in that as the movie progresses it almost gives the impression that it is not acting but a documentary of ordinary people. This is brilliant directing and movie making.<br /><br />Would love to see more movies by this director.
critique1512 I saw an advanced screening for this movie tonight. I absolutely loved it. The movie kept me on the edge of my seat all night. Cillian Murphy is extremely creepy as the villain. For those of you who have seen Batman Begins his character was much scarier in this film. He played his character very well. The scariest "bad guy" I have seen in awhile. Rachel McAdams was great. Everyone in the audience laughed gasped and cheered at the same time as if we were on cue. The suspense is held through out the movie. THe amazing part is that the end was not anti-climatic. I was not disappointed in the end. I felt satisfied. The trailer does not do the movie justice. The movie is much better than the trailer indicated. Do not wait for this movie to come out on video. Go see it. Although I did not have to pay to see this movie I would have gladly given 10.75 to see it. Enjoy!
critique1513 Sweet young nurse Charlotte Beale (a charming performance by ravishing redhead knockout Rosie Holotik) goes to work at a remote rural asylum run by Dr. Geraldine S. Masters (the excellent Annabelle Weenick). Among the motley assortment of colorfully crazed patients are insatiable aggressive nymphomaniac Allyson King (the luscious Betty Chandler) loopy Judge Oliver W. Cameron (a gloriously hammy Gene Ross) paranoid Vietnam veteran Sergeant Jaffee (nicely played by Hugh Feagin) gentle giant Sam (the amiable William Bill McGhee) and nutty old hag Mrs. Callingham (the supremely irritating Rhea MacAdams). Said patients are dangerously encouraged to act out their fantasies by Dr. Masters which of course results in a rash of brutal killings. Director S.F. Brownrigg working from a clever and suitably overwrought script by Tim Pope does an expert job of creating and sustaining a suffocatingly dank and brooding atmosphere of seething madness and oppressive claustrophobia. Robert Farrar's spooky score the grimy set design a few wild grisly murders Bruce B. Alcott's grungy no-frills cinematography plenty of deliciously robust scenery-scarfing histrionics from a game no-name cast (Ross in particular is a total eye-rolling hoot) and the genuinely shocking surprise bloodbath conclusion further add to the overall infectiously seedy fun of this choice trashy chunk of 70's low-budget regional horror exploitation cinema.
critique1514 I generally love these 1930 mystery/police Charlie Chan type of movies and this is no exception. However something seems bad with this movie. A late attempt to switch from cerebral Moto movies centered around the plot contrivances to a salad bar spoilt by comedy relief that is as relieving as sore feet. A typecast buffoon appears from nowhere impersonating a clumsy Englishman who plays the detective and even other characters seem entangled into providing comedy relief. The plot may seem odd or a bare excuse to us today but back then the possibility of epochal archaeological discoveries was not only real but a commonplace occurrence.
critique1515 Purple Rain... what else can i say the title speaks for itself. But i think all the actors were well picked. The movie had a great story. I loved it! Ever since i watched that movie i've been stuck in the eighties and I'm only 13! My favorite part of the movie was when his father died and he was picking up all of his music compositions and the Apollonia was sitting on the stairwell with his earing in her hand. Critics say that its a drama but i think its more of a romance. Murphy Brown also did a great job in the movie he actually acted like himself. I'm so glad I've seen this movie. The song Purple Rain beautifully sung was so heartfelt. I cried more than once.
critique1516 While watching a mundane modern movie (The Runaway Bride) with my granddaughter (age 22) she asked me "Since you've been watching movies since 1938 what is the greatest movie of your lifetime?" Boy! What a choice that is! It took me all summer of thought and relooking a some flicks before I made my decision. It is "THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES". This movie has no flaws. It is one movie in which each one of the minor characters part and dialog is essential to the whole story. There is not a single part in the film which could be left out. The young girl's fixation with her brothers lack of hands the man coming home to young adult children who have grown up without him and with different ideas the portrayal of a young man whose only responsiblity was as a soda jerk who became the leader of a group of men and was awarded medals for his action. A women who must now adjust to the husband who's life has been away from her for years. The realization of the folks who were in the safety of there secure homes of the sacrifices these ordinary men made in their behalf. The look into the life of loving and living with a man without hands. A parents first look and reaction to their son's new deformities. A man used to making life and death decision in a instant having to return to the way of plodding though a conservative bank's loan structure. This is no sympathetic tear jerking heart strumming act. THIS WAS REAL LIFE! It could not have been portrayed any different. This my friends is HOW IT WAS!! This could easily be considered a documentary. In this day of color film please do not be turned off by the black and white because it is one of the finest B/W filming editing and directing you will ever see. The casting was perfect. If I could I would make it compulsory for anyone taking history film making creative writing sociology family counciling or psychology to view and report on this magnificent example of the film makers art.
critique1517 An absurdly hilarious and strikingly human tale of the jealousies and infidelities surrounding a beetle marriage Russian animation pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz's "Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora" ("The Cameraman's Revenge" or "The Revenge of a Kinematograph Cameraman") is a delight of early animation brimming with highly-effective stop-motion puppetry and no shortage of imagination.<br /><br />Mr. and Mrs. Beetle have a completely uneventful marriage and both yearn for more excitement in their lives. Mr. Beetle's desires can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer at the "Gay Dragonfly" night club whom he visits whenever he takes a "business trip" to the city. She is the only one who understands him. A fellow admirer of this dancer an aggressive grasshopper is jealous that Mr. Beetle has stolen his lady and as fate would have it he is also a movie cameraman. The devious grasshopper follows Mr. Beetle and his acquaintance to a hotel room where he films their exploits through the keyhole.<br /><br />Meanwhile Mrs. Beetle has likewise acquired a friend to add excitement to her life. He is an artist and he brings her a painting for a present before they both settle down on the couch for some intimacy. At that moment however Mr. Beetle returns home and witnesses the entire spectacle. As Mr. Beetle bashes through the front door the artist friend clambers up the chimney but he doesn't escape without Mr. Beetle first venting his anger and frustration upon him.<br /><br />There is a certain irony in the statement that follows: "Mr. Beetle is generous. He forgives his wife and takes her to a movie." He is generous enough to forgive her and yet he had been equally unfaithful just minutes earlier. At this point in time however we still haven't forgotten the jealous movie cameraman who had been plotting his revenge and it is no surprise when he turns out to be the projectionist for the film Mr. and Mrs. Beetle are attending. Suddenly intercut into the film they are enjoying is the footage of Mr. Beetle's disloyalty and the angry wife hits him across the head with an umbrella before the frightened and angry husband dives through the theatre screen in search of the grasshopper.<br /><br />In the final scene both Mr. and Mrs. Beetle now somewhat more appreciative of each other are serving time in prison for the fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle sought his final revenge. We do indeed hope that "the home life of the Beetles will be less exciting in the futureÃ‚Â…" This film may appear to be a mere story of the comings-and-goings of a miniscule insect species but Starewicz is communicating so much more than that. This isn't a story about beetles Ã‚Â– it is a story about us. And it's startlingly accurate isn't it?!
critique1518 No other movie has made me feel like this before... and I don't feel bad. Like I don't want my money back or the time that I waited to watch this movie (9 months) nor do I feel bad about using two hours of a sunny summer day in order to view this ______. The reason I say "_____" is because no matter how hard I wrack my brain I just can't seem to come up with a word in ANY of the seven languages that movie was in to sum it up. I have no idea what was going on the entire time and half way through the movie I needed a breather. No movie has ever done this to me before. Never in my life have I wanted cauliflower milk and baguettes this much. Thank you. - Ed<br /><br />Uh. *clears throat* No words. No thoughts. I don't know. I truly don't know. - Cait
critique1519 ''Wallace & Gromit in The Curse of the Were-Rabbit'' is the same type of animation and from the same creators of ''Chicken run'' but the story now is other: Wallace a inventor who loves cheese and his smart dog Gromit who is always helping Wallace in his problemsare trying to keep the rabbits away from everybody's vegetablessince there is in their town an annual Giant Vegetable Competition. But when Wallace tries an invention he did to make the rabbits avoids vegetable the one who is going to be cursed is him. Before watching this movie I didn't knew that these two characters already existed and were famous.I loved Gromit and I think he is one of the coolest dogs I already saw.<br /><br />aka "Wallace & Gromit-A Batalha dos Vegetais" - Brazil
critique1520 I don't understand why critics would bash this movie. It's a teen movie that's actually serious which is a rarity. I'll admit that there are moments that are hugely sappy but c'mon it's about young love it's gotta be sappy to be valid. My biggest complaint is Chris Klein. While he was funny in American Pie he apparently isn't ready for the switch into more dramatic fare yet he's very uncomfortable looking in some of his "mama stuff". Hartnett and Sobieski on the other hand demonstrate a remarkable amount of depth and believability as do the parent's. Although the script is heavily cliched with the lovers spouting off poetry the actor's make it work. The directing sports some powerful images on the screen. Beautiful cinematography nice music great young actors I was impressed and I'm a jaded critic when it comes to teen movies.
critique1521 So it isn't an epic but for people experiencing anything similar<br /><br />(sibling suicide) it might be an interesting way of therapy. An<br /><br />imaginative narrative and some fine acting makes it time well<br /><br />spent. For some reason it hasn't really caught on in the audience<br /><br />something I do believe is a result of the main theme. Why did she<br /><br />commit suicide? Clearly this is hardly something that US<br /><br />moviegoers will flock to had it been an European production it<br /><br />probably would have reached its audience in a much greater<br /><br />extent. It is however a movie that although the realism tainted by a<br /><br />shimmering romanticized glow gives the viewer a whole hearted<br /><br />impression.
critique1522 Christian Duguay directed this tidy little espionage thriller early in his career. It plays on TV pretty regularly albeit with some terrific scenes of violence and sex unfortunately trimmed. I finally got around to seeing the theatrical version on a $3 tape from the local video store. Naval officer Aidan Quinn is recruited to impersonate the notorious Carlos the Jackal and gets a little too caught up in the role. Donald Sutherland Ben Kingsley play Quinn's superiors with Sutherland a true zealot and Kingsley as the more level-headed one. The first half of this fun flick shows Quinn being trained and indoctrinated. The second half has him out in the field making love to the Jackal's woman and shooting it out with sundry enemies. The idea is to make the Jackal look like a turncoat to the Russians and let them take care of the world's most notorious assassin. Things don't exactly play out as planned. At times I almost expected the cast to break out laughing at some of the corny dialogue but they all play it very straight. In the end this is one terrific little thriller that deserves your attention. The Jackal's former mistress teaching the highly proper and very married Quinn to rough her up lick blood from her face and then go down on her alone is worth the price of admission.
critique1523 Batman: The Mystery of the Batwoman is about as entertaining as animated Batman movies get.<br /><br />While still true to the feeling of the comic books the animation is done with a lighter spirit than in the animated series. Bruce Wayne looks much like he has before but now he appears somewhat less imposing. The Dick Grayson Robin has been replaced by the less edgy more youthful Tim Drake Robin.<br /><br />Kevin Conroy as usual invokes the voice of Batman better than most live action actors.<br /><br />Kelly Ripa did a much more decent voice-acting job than I was expecting.<br /><br />As in the live action Batman films the movie lives or dies based on the quality of the villains. My all-time favorite the Penguin is here. His design is sleeker than it has appeared before hearkening more to the Burgess Meredith portrayal of the '60's than the Danny DeVito portrayal of "Batman Returns." David Ogden Stiers is the perfect choice for the Penguin's voice. The Penguin is finally portrayed as a cunning sophisticate just as he most commonly appears in the comics. Hector Elizondo's voice creates a Bane who's much more memorable than the forgettable version in "Batman & Robin." And finally Batman has a descent mystery to solve putting the "Detective" back in "Detective Comics" (that is what "DC" stands for after all.) The revolution to the mystery is a delightfully sneaky twist.<br /><br />The score adds to the mysterious ambiance of the movie. It sounds like a mix between the score from "Poirot" and the score from "Mission: Impossible." All in all it's more entertaining than your average cartoon.
critique1524 Preminger's adaptation of G. B. Shaw's ''Saint Joan''(screenplay by Graham Greene) received one of the worst critical reactions in it's day. It was vilified by the pseudo-elite the purists and the audiences was unresponsive to a film that lacked the piety and glamour expected of a historical pageant. As in ''Peeping Tom'' the reaction was malicious and unjustified. Preminger's adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and actions surrounding Joan of Arc(her actual name in her own language is Jeanne d'Arc but this film is in English) is totally faithful to the spirit of the original play not only on the literal emotional level but formally too. His film is a Brechtian examination of the functioning of institutions the division within and without of various factions all wanting to seize power. As such we are not allowed to identify on an emotional level with any of the characters including Joan herself.<br /><br />As played by Jean Seberg(whose subsequent life offers a eerie parallel to her role here) she is presented as an innocent a figure of purity whose very actions and presence reveals the corruption and emptiness in everyone. As such Seberg plays her as both Saint and Madwoman. Her own lack of experience as an actress when she made this film(which does show up in spots) conveys the freshness and youth of Jeanne revealing both the fact that Jeanne la Pucelle is a humble illiterate peasant girl who strode out to protect her village and her natural intelligence. By no means did she deserve the harsh criticism that she got on the film's first release it's a performance far beyond the ken and call of any first-time actress with no prior acting experience. Shaw and Preminger took a secular view towards Joan seeing her as a medieval era feminist not content with being a rustic daughter who's fate is to be married away or a whore picked up by soldiers to and away from battlefields. Her faith her voices her visions which she intermingles with words such as "imagination" and "common sense" leads her to wear the armour of her fellow soldiers to lead them to battle to chase the invading Englishman out of France.<br /><br />And yet it can be said that the film is more interested in the court of the Dauphin(Richard Widmark) the office of the clergy who try Joan led by Pierre Cauchon(Anton Walbrook impeccably cast) and the actions of the Earl of Warwick(John Gielgud) then in Joan herself. The superb ensemble cast(all male) portray figures of scheming Machievellian(although the story precedes Niccolo) opportunists who treat religion as a childish toy to be used and manipulated for their own ends. The sharp sardonic dialogue gives the actors great fun to let loose. John Gielgud as the eminently rational Earl whose intelligence(albeit accompanied by corruption) allows him to calculate the precise manner in which he can ensure Joan gets burnt at the stake and Anton Walbrook's Pierre Cauchon brings a three dimensional portrait to this intelligent theologian who will give Joan the fair trial that will certainly find her guilty. Richard Widmark as the Dauphin is a real revelation. As against-type a casting choice you'll ever find Widmark portrays the weak future ruler of France in a frenzied comic caricature that's as close as this film comes to comic relief. A comic performance that feels like an imitation of Jerry Lewis far more than an impetuous future ruler of France.<br /><br />Preminger shot ''Saint Joan'' in black and white the cinematographer is Georges Perinal who worked with Rene Clair and who did ''The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp'' in colour. It's perfectly restrained to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere for this film. Preminger's preference for tracking shots of long uninterrupted takes is key to the effectiveness of the film there's no sense of a wasted movement anywhere in his mise-en-scene.<br /><br />It also marks the direction of Preminger's most mature(and most neglected period) his focus is on the conflict between individuals and the institutions in which they work how the institution function and how the individual acts as per his principles. These themes get their most direct treatment in his film and as always he keeps things unpredictable and finds no black and white answers. This is one of his very best and most effective films.
critique1525 This was the film that started that the cinematic love affair<br /><br />between the Jaundiced Eye crew and Matthew Ferguson. His<br /><br />ability to portray RELATIVELY normal characters like Birkoff in<br /><br />"La Femme Nikita" is counter-balanced by his equally deft<br /><br />handling of weirdos like "Kane." One wishes that he would only<br /><br />be given more roles bigger roles and other even more complex<br /><br />roles to assay to push the limits of his abilities. There were<br /><br />four or five memorable scenes in this film and Matthew Ferguson<br /><br />stole two of them from far more experienced actors. This film<br /><br />itself is good and it is worth watching on its own merits but<br /><br />Ferguson makes it a little extra special. His *ouevre* may<br /><br />eventually show what the career of Anthony Perkins MIGHT have<br /><br />been like if he hadn't been typecast as "Norman Bates" so long<br /><br />ago. "Kane" isn't quite as whacked-out as Norman and far fewer<br /><br />people saw "Love and Human Remains than saw "Psycho" so we can<br /><br />hope that Ferguson will show us some hint of what Perkins MIGHT<br /><br />have been able to accomplish had he been allowed to do so. . . .
critique1526 Okay so I love Aidan Quinn's acting even with a bad script. This is not the case in The Assignment. As other viewers have said this was a movie I stumbled upon on cable and got so into it I didn't want it to end. Take one Cuban American Navy Ofc.(Quinn)who is an upright uptight soldier and family man. Add a crazed agent(Donald Sutherland) who is looking for the worlds most notorious terrorist and add a Ben Kingsley and you have "The Assignment". Sutherland is a witness of the most notorious terrorist Carlos actions in a cafe on a lovely day where he is so profoundly rocked at this mans evil that his sole reason to live is to get this man as long as he draws breath.<br /><br />Take one soldier on a pass in Israel who is a dead ringer for this man and is beaten and held by Kingsley until they realize they have a plan. By taking on Carlos by being him or being forever responsible for never helping rid the world of him makes for a very heavy assignment and guilt trip. By not helping his country he is bound as a man and his military duty to chose wisely. So the training begins. Lets say Carlos training is right up there with the academy of arts and holocausts. When I say this intense and wonderfully castedscripted and executed film rates the best I am not understating it. All three actors could save almost any script..together this is a movie to be seen from frame one to credits. I am not into terrorism or movies about it but I got hooked! Bravo again to Aidan Quinn who for once plays a heavy that could hold up to any actor including Gary Oldman. Thats a compliment. Rent it and get lots of popcorn. Oh did I mention the sex?? It works better than "Last Tango!"and its educational.
critique1527 Just exactly HOW director John Madden come to settle with Nicolas Cage and Penelope Cruz playing the roles of an Italian Officer and a Greek Villager in an honourable story: "Captain CorreliÃ‚Â´s Mandolin" just escapes me! Witness: a wobbly inconsistent accent by Cage amid horrendous over-acting with Cruz -- more adequately cast as a spoiled Latino opposite Johnny Depp in "Blow" -- in basically a repeat performance under the guise of a Greek nurse... ay it was painful. But there were saving graces.<br /><br />The story itself is thrilling-to-tragic and Cage does have some (-- redeeming this is !--) musical ability. Next a superb performance by John Hurt (CruzÃ‚Â´s father the village doctor) of Oscar Callibre as well as by Irene Papas each as village elders as well as by Christian Bale (PapasÃ‚Â´ son) among the village freedom fighters go far towards counter-balancing awkward performances (especially at the beginning) by Cruz and Cage. Nicely the last two seem to grow into their respective roles as the film progresses but itÃ‚Â´s teeth-gnashing early on. Finally the scenery itself and the photography could garner a technical award and such provides pleasant distractions when most needed. <br /><br />John Hurt already has two Oscar nominations and this would be a third; I hope he gets it as his performance as the Doctor makes this film worth seeing. The true test of a supporting actor/actress is whether or not the film would be the same without the personage in question and in this case it would most certainly not be... not even close.<br /><br />Entertainment value but for the aformentioned plus factors which do help raise the bar. See it if you havenÃ‚Â´t. Rating = 3.5 stars (of five).
critique1528 Meryl Streep is excellent in her nuanced and stoic performance as the infamous Lindy Chamberlain who was accused and tried for allegedly killing her own baby Azaria Chamberlain and using her alibi of ravenous dingoes as her defense. Based on the book "Evil Angels" and titled so in its Australian release A CRY IN THE DARK is an ugly film to watch. It presents a scenario that's all too real for us in America: the witch-hunt against a person deemed an easy target.<br /><br />Lindy Chamberlain was this woman. Being someone who spoke her mind someone who didn't play the sympathy card and someone who was just tough enough to move on with her life despite her horrific ordeal she was labeled as suspect and hated beyond comprehension even when it was clear she didn't kill her own child. The media began a tightening noose and a progressive invasion of privacy that soon had the entire nation glued to their sets as they eviscerated this family piece by piece. And through it all Lindy remained as stoic as ever even when her husband Michael was falling apart.<br /><br />This stance of course is the power of strength as unsympathetic as it may look like and people happen to react strongly to that. They want to see a distressed mother cry and weep and occasionally faint at every turn not sit there and look blank. People don't understand that not everyone grieves the same way and when someone decides to stand strong they begin speculations. Meryl Streep embodies this tainted woman to the hilt and in doing so creates a cold but not unfeeling woman one that stood by her convictions even if they cost her liberty. Because of her Sam Neill is allowed to have his character slowly dissolve into despair -- someone has to or the Chamberlains would be too detached and no one wants to see that. Except the monster that has at the time of this writing become the news-media. They'll always eat train wrecks up and feed the mangled manure to the uninformed public.
critique1529 Fame is a very well done portrait of the students who inhabit New York City's High School of the Arts. The film focuses on a group of students who dream of making it big while they perfect their craft at the now famous school. Director Alan Parker allows each of the highlighted students to mature on screen allowing you to feel a connection with each one. The music here is infectious and fun. The dancing is exciting and fresh. The film eventually became the basis for an Emmy-winning television series starring Debbie Allen and some of the other actors from the film. One of the more enjoyable "dance" films of the 1980's. Received Oscars for music. 8/10
critique1530 After "Attack of the Fifty Foot Woman" with Alison Hayes opened the doors for women to be just as dangerous as men there was obviously an open market for other movies to pick up and carry the torch and what more a lovely actress than Dorothy Provine from "It's A Mad Mad Mad Mad World" to play the role. The downsize is that cute and blonde Provine may just be too sweet and innocent looking to step into Allison Hayes' size 50 shoes. This role really needed someone with an amount of smoldering sex appeal; Provine is more the girl next door type. She may have taken and done this role to prove she could be sexy but the material lets her down. Lou Costello however proves he can do a movie without Bud Abbott feeding him lines and he even interjects a dramatic role in some of his scenes when he not turning to Gale Gordon as his front man for gags. Gordon however establishes that all he can be is blustery perturbed and pushy much the same character he creates later on "The Lucy Show." Charles Lane also plays the same role in everything he does: a straight man and his screen time is limited. The special effects are convincing for the time but I would have liked Dorothy to have been a little more than cheesecake and dressing and at least have been allowed to become dangerous. As the movie's lead character she takes second billing to Costello who is in all of the movie with Dorothy several times vanishing like a sub-plot. The whole movie put together just can't decide if it's supposed to be science fiction a comedy or just a parody of the Allison Hayes classic. There's a lot of good scenes some very funny humor and some very ridiculous camp that affects the rest of the film. Still I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one. If this movie had a chance to be remade today I'd highly recommend Courtney Cox and Jason Alexander in the lead roles and allow me to completely re-write the original script. Courtney tops my lists of actresses who I believe could and should adequately play gorgeous giantesses; although I have to admit that if either of the titanic beauties Allison or Dorothy came after me I'd go quietly !!
critique1531 Mean-spirited ugly nasty retro-action thriller about a bodyguard who is determined to find (and destroy!) the killers of the girl he was supposed to protect. This film is almost an anachronism in today's politically correct atmosphere. Director Scott doesn't have any desire to apologize for the inherently immorality behind the film's dramatic structure. Scott is either not aware or doesn't care for 30 years of social advances. I really don't think we will see a more violent film any time soon so you better go and see this one while you can. Despite its relentless grimness I think the movie is a powerful example of cinema at its most sinister exploitative and effective. Scott has a tough thing to sell but I think I'm a buyer. The extraordinary technical aspects of this film are just too effective for me to ignore. Scott's directorial choices are simply astonishing and he pulls a great performance out of Denzel Washington. Sensitive souls need to stay away from this one but I recommended it to those viewers looking for a great action-filled movie.
critique1532 Very good martial arts film and Jet Li is the best since the master himself Bruce Lee .Li is excellent as the low key librarian/cop who saves all time and time again . He has a presence and a look that is riveting and believable as the kung fu king that you don't mess with .Francoise Yip is simply beautiful in that mixed race original way that is unique because of her mixed heritage  she has an innocence and an allure all at the same time that I found unforgettable .The villain  the man with the sunglasses and long hair was very good as well but I can't find his name in the credits  can some one help me out with that ? Thanks ! Enjoy Hak hap or Black Mask  in any language its good entertainment !
critique1533 VIVAH is in my book THE BEST MOVIE OF 2006 ! PERIOD !!. In my book it is one of the best 100 movies EVER MADE IN Bollywood. Its sad that this movie doesn't have that many reviews and isn't having that much popularity. <br /><br />VIVAH is once again a true achievement from a director who DOES it again. After HAHK and Maine Pyar Kiya Sooraj has once again pulled off a brilliant one VIVAH. <br /><br />This is the most simple and cute movies that I've seen this year. After seeing Don 2 which was CRAP and later Dhoom 2 which even beat Don in that matter I finally see a movie which is so close to my heart and my culture.<br /><br />I don't know why Bollywood is moving away from the beautiful culture which we have and are making Hollywood remake style crap movies like Dhoom 2 and don. <br /><br />The story is beautiful and relates much to the Indian system of Arranged marriage which I too would like to be a part of. Our system which teaches us to obey elders follow them and of course obey their thoughts is so brilliantly shown in this movie!. Of course there isn't any force in choosing your life partner and it should be a brief meeting between the couple and its up to them to decide as it is brilliantly shown in this movie. <br /><br />Coming back to the movie.....VIVAH is a story of Journey between the beautiful period of Engagement and marriage. The phase where the guy meets the girl !....Both understand each other ..Both try to assess if they could love each other for Seven generations (as our system says) and the various which occur during marriages.<br /><br />Amrita Rao is brilliant in the movie.......Shahid is OK.....and Alok Nath and Anupam Kher are awesome !! The songs are BRILLIANT. ! I especially like the HAMARI SHAADI MAIN HAFTE REH GYE CHAAR and Do Anjaane Ajnabi ......<br /><br />Overall A MUST SEE for anyone who still believes in the Indian culture and tradition and I certainly do !.<br /><br />Go see this movie......I just have to say one word.......<br /><br />BLISS !.
critique1534 I cannot understand the need to jump backwards and forwards to scene set and pad out the plot. Showing that someone has a skill right before they use it I believe is offending our intelligence. It's starting to feel a little contrived and as though they are making up for being so vague for the first three series. A little disappointing this episode.<br /><br />Furthermore using past quirks like Locke's ability to know when a storm is ending is frankly insulting... are we supposed to ooh and arr or laugh at the softer side of Locke?<br /><br />This episode was all over the place.
critique1535 This movie gives golf a high mark it was well acted and well directed. Giving you a view of history that some non-sports fans will enjoy. The historic factor alone gives it a high rating the Brookline golf course was really done well. I am in the northeast and have seen Brookline as a fan and as someone who loves the game. The movie was well done on all levels. A MUST SEE 5 stars. The acting was superb Disney has another winner in its bag of Great movies. If for no other reason watch the film to give hope and encouragement to young people whom may not see the hope in their life. I would tell you that the setting while in the late 1800's and early 1900's is very realistic. The costumes and dialect were right on the mark as well. Above and beyond the call of duty for a golf film. A Must see for fans and non-fans alike.
critique1536 I think this film version of NORTHANGER ABBEY is actually quite good. It certainly is amusing. Well it's not a masterpiece as PRIDE AND PREJUDICE ('95) but there's very good stuff in it.. especially the City of Bath setting!!! ..The Royal Crescent the Roman Baths the fascinating Georgian atmosphere.. That is excellent. If you are a Bath fan like myself you'll love watching this film! The performances may sound a bit too "melodramatic" but I've got the impression that this film like the novel itself is deliberately making fun of the popular tales of romance and terror and of the society of the period. The only drawback is probably the female lead as I personally have another idea of Catherine Morland's physical appearance. The music is also a bit "unusual".. but I strangely find it acceptable despite it's got nothing to do with the historical period portrayed. I'm wondering what would dear old Jane think...:)
critique1537 Our reviewer from Toronto told you what you need to know about this film (except note that it needs editing-the hand held technique gets really old really fast). I saw this film last night in Menerbes France-we are in the Luberon Valley which is covered with vineyards and of course wine makers. They were all there in the Salle de Polyvalente for the showing-crammed in. Polite patient genial. Although my French is testy I got the gist of the film but noted that the audience loved the "old" terror growers interviewed-esp. the one from a communist village in Languedoc. He got a lot of laughs. This is unusual in France-laughing aloud. There is no question which side of the terror-globalization war they are on! SM
critique1538 I saw this jolly little film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it was broadcast on CBS. I didn't know it had been in a theater at all. To rate it from a kids point of view I'd give it 4 out of 5 starsbecause being a young boy at the timeit seemed a little "girlish".<br /><br />The climactic scene where Gazooks tickles the daylights out of everyone was a bit disturbing at the time but you outgrow that sort of thing. <br /><br />When I re-discovered it a Blockbuster Video in 1995I had to revisit it! I still liked it despite the fact that it looked a bit "old". I don't know where the other reviewer on here got the idea that it wasn't on VHS.<br /><br />It's out there. Might even be on DVD by nowat least I hope it is. I want to share it with my kids someday! 10 stars on hereit's still a great kids film. (end)<br /><br />09/08/2009 : Finally found a VHS copy!! Woo-hoo!
critique1539 I have always had the philosophy that every single human being has different tastes i found this movie to be awesome and i think every college student out there might agree with me. Notwithstanding this is not a "movie with a plot" its about real guys and some of the "problems" that they face. I found the movie hilarious(especially the parts that they played the practical jokes on each other). Simply put if you are in the same "wave-length" as these people you will find this movie amazing. I don't think that this is going win any Golden Globes or Oscars or that the people in this movie will become future Hollywood stars but its a kind of "cult-classic" among young people who could relate to their experience. For me the guy that stands out the most is Hans: the Scandinavian guywho according to him "isnt a looker" but gets all(or some) of the chicks. The "little-people" also play a big part in the movie especially when they are drunk. If i keep going i might provide a spoiler and i don't want to do that just go and get the movie and you will not regret. I give it a 8/10
critique1540 I will admit I had the opportunity in the past to watch this film and after about 5 - 10 minutes into it I felt like many did. I was expecting a Monkey movie that was similar to the television show but instead I was given... well I didn't know what I was given to be honest.<br /><br />However after finally watching this film I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts I also found myself watching it over and over again. It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me simply because it keeps me alert as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings. And just when I think I've figured out something in the film it's answer is destroyed once I watch the film again. Brilliance indeed.<br /><br />It seems that most people who disliked this film are wanting to watch a film with primarily a clear plot. They want everything explained and all questions answered in the finale. Well sorry if that's what you're wanting this is not the movie for you. But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking mindblowing experience this film will give you.<br /><br />Think of the film being like a dream. In our dreams things make no sense things we expect to happen don't people places and things don't speak act or function in the same way they do in reality. To complain about "Head" is like complaining about a dream you've had that you felt you could not understand. The mind is a complex system and being that a film titled "Head" is just as complex is it that difficult to relate the two?<br /><br />The music (and musical numbers) really stand out especially Peter Tork's two compositions which remain the best tracks in the film "Can You Dig It?" and "Long Title: Do I Have To Do This All Over Again?"<br /><br />This film proves that The Monkees were much more than just four zanny guys in a 'pre-fab' group (as their critics called them) on a television show but that they are actually much more intelligent and talented than the world would give them credit for. There's so many messages that can be derived from the film both in regards to The Monkees and to the 'entertainment industry' in general that it stands as a masterpiece of film-making that was far ahead of it's time.<br /><br />I feel had this film been released as an independent piece at this point and time it would actually garner the respect and admiration it deserves.<br /><br />And one finale note:<br /><br />One could compare this to The Beatles "Magical Mystery Tour" film since The Beatles film appeared to be just as strange and bizarre. However in my opinion "Head" stands far above anything The Beatles put on celluloid.
critique1541 Oliver! the musical is a favorite of mine. The music the characters the story. It all just seems perfect. In this rendition of the timeless classic novel turned stage musical director Carol Reed brings the Broadway hit to life on the movie screen.<br /><br />The transition from musical to movie musical is not an easy one. You have to have the right voices the right set the right script and the right play. All signs point to yes for this play. It almost appears that it was written for the screen!<br /><br />Our story takes place in jolly old England where a boy named Oliver manages to work his way out of the orphanage. He winds his way through the country to London where he meets up with a group of juvenile delinquents headed by Dodger the smart talking quick handed pick-pocket. The leader of this gang is named Fagin an older fellow who sells all the stolen goods.<br /><br />But all is not well in London town when Bill Sykes played by Oliver Reed and his loving girlfriend Nancy get tangled up with Oliver Fagin and his young troops and the law. What ensues is a marvelous tale of love affection and great musical numbers.<br /><br />Whether or not you like musicals or not one listen to these tunes and you will be humming them all day long. Oliver! is a triumph on and off the stage and is a timeless work of art.
critique1542 I loved this show when it aired on television and was crushed when I found out that someone somewhere decided that it wasn't worthy of being continued! For years I hung onto my copies of this show ones that I had taped or had someone tape for me. That is until now. The powers that be finally decided to release this beautiful series on DVD and I finally was able to get my eager little hands on the complete set. Which brings me to this part; the part about that this show is all about.<br /><br />American Gothic is about good verses evil basically a struggle between Lucas Buck (that is Buck with a B). He is an evil sheriff of a South Carolina small town that runs things the way he wants things to be ran and stops at nothing to get his way.<br /><br />I felt the show was wonderfully written and directed and had lots of life left yet to be lived. I really hated when it was canceled but that is the way it seems to go for me when I finally find something worth watching on television.<br /><br />Gary Cole did a great job as the role of Sheriff Lucas Buck he has just the right amount of charm verses evil to pull it off. The other actors did a super job as well so I guess you could say even the casting was a hit with me.
critique1543 I think a person would be well-advised to read or see (I favour reading) "Twelfth Night" before seeing or re-seeing "She's The Man". The movie is good on its' own but comparing the two and looking for the in-jokes makes it a lot more fun. Shakespeare was inspired by others. I think he'd give a thumbs-up.<br /><br />Harld Bloom said in "Shakespeare The Invention of the Human" that most of the people in "Twelfth Night" need to be locked up. Malvolio the person Malcolm is based on is-for no good reason. People in "She's The Man" are sane in contrast. For instance Duke Orsino is far more leval than the Duke of Orsino. He also shows that a man can have feelings without being gay. He displays a lot of self-control.<br /><br />It's a teen comedy (a clean one) so it doesn't have the dark edges of the play. For instance Olivia in the play is mourning the death of her brother. In the movie she has been dumped.<br /><br />If you like Sir Andrew and Sir Toby in the play they don't have the same attention in the movie.<br /><br />The in-jokes are quite often quick. The hairdresser Pauls' last name is given once. It is Antonio. Lots of people who've read the play say that Antonio has more love for a man than is just friendship. Deep love between men was noted in those days. Some see a sexual side to it-homosexuality was illegal.<br /><br />The only line from the play I caught is where Duke Orsino quotes the coach on greatness during the soccar game. In the play it is said by Malvolio quoting Maria).
critique1544 Guess a few upscale film directors were sitting around sipping their absinthe grappa aramangac or jungle juice some night in the 80's during the Cannes or other film festival and one said "Hey guys let's do a movie where each of us creates a segment around a world class aria." Welllll...it kind of sort of worked. Clearly someone was smart enough to select some of the best recordings of the arias chosen for example Bjoreling's Nessun Dorma so if you were blind and lying on the floor just listening to the DVD you got more than your money's worth. Not every director succeeded but more did than not and the flick seems to improve with each viewing over the years. My favorite is the eerily beautiful love duet from Die Todt Statd; okay a young naked Elizabeth Hurley is eye candy but her husband singing to her his wife's ghost is incredibly beautiful with the love music second only to Otello and Desdemona's "Gia nella Notte Densa" in all the operatic repertoire. Could the flick been better sure what couldn't not have been but it's well worth a view especially of you're in a hyper-romantic mood.
critique1545 Shameless Screen Entertainment is a relatively new and British (I think) DVD-label specializing in smutty and excessively violent cult movies Ã‚Â– mostly Italian ones - from the glorious eras when everything was possible namely from the late 60's up until the mid-80's. The label's selection feels like a crossover between the oeuvres of "Mondo Macabro" and "No Shame" (they probably even borrowed the name of the latter) and they already released some really rare sick Italian puppies like "Ratman" "My Dear Killer" "Killer Nun" "Phantom of Death" and "Torso". "The Frightened Woman" was completely unknown to me but since fellow reviewers from around here whose opinions I hugely value described it as one of the greatest and most mesmerizing psychedelic euro-sexploitation movies of its era I didn't hesitate to pick it up. This is a very weird film and probably not suitable for about 99% of the average cinema-loving audiences. If you're part of that remaining 1% however you're in for a really unique treat. The style atmosphere and content are similar to Jess Franco's "Succubus" and Massimo Dallamano's "Venus in Furs" yet they're both widely considered as classics whereas "The Frightened Woman" is virtually unknown. It's all a matter of profiling and good marketing I guess. The story revolves on a literally filthy rich doctor (he lives in a gigantic secluded mansion owns multiple old-timer cars and has a very impressive collection of artsy relics including a life-size mannequin doll replica of himself) with a bizarre and slightly offbeat attitude towards women. He considers them a threat for the survival of the male race and thus spends his days kidnapping humiliating and sexually abusing random he picks up from the street. Dr. Sayer then abducts the ambitious journalist Maria with the intention to completely crush her female spirit but he slowly falls for her. Just he starts to believe in actual love she strikes back with a vengeance. This really isn't for everyone but if you can appreciate moody & sinisterly sexy ambiances bizarre scenery toys and psychedelic touches that seem utterly implausible and surreal you can consider this one a top recommendation. It's slow stylishly sleazy and totally bonkersÃ‚Â… Shameless Entertainment all right!
critique1546 What is with all of the European (especially England) comments here? All i gotta say is that when i saw this movie for the first time when i was like 13 i thought it was great. Of course it's stupid. That's the point. You have to see the movie Dr. Strangelove and Men in Black to get the whole joke behind this movie but come on people what did you expect to see? I can think of many movies that are far worse than this and they were expensive Hollwood films with real actors in them. For what it's worth Men in White is a very stupid-funny mock of a movie. And with all the stupid-funny stuff that England has been making for the last half century i am shocked at all the negative comments. Us stupid Americans like our stupid humor. P.S. see 'Team America: World Police" for some true laughs that Europeans will especially like. HA!
critique1547 As you can see I loved the book so much I use the title for my internet alias and have for over 15 years. (Okay so it had to be spelled phonetically to fit the name character limit for the BBS at the time but what could I do?) If anyone every finds this movie I would absolutely love to see it! Janet McTeer is great in everything else I've seen of hers. I think she would have made a great Prue. And it even features early Clive Owen - from before Chancer (a great series itself). What's not to love? I hope the powers that be wise up and make this available on DVD soon! With some of the true dredge they pout out it's about time well executed productions make it on the market too.
critique1548 This film is a great fun. I recommend you watch it yourself and then watch it again with your friends. I did last night and it was fascinating how well Norma Khouri could pull everybody into her world! I did feel a little bit strange watching my friends go through the same roller coaster as I did the first time. But they all thanked me and loved the movie. You know it is a great film if you spend 2 hours after the film talking about the movie! <br /><br />I once saw a con man almost up toNorma Khouri's level but no where near the same size ring. He fooledtons of very gullible and rich folks at my old Berkeley CA A.A. group where everyone trusts everyone else. He would "sponsor" only people who seemed very well to do. Who knew he would have stolen in excess of 100k(in 1987 when that was real money) after being in town for only 1 month. His victims were very fragile as they were in their first month or week of being sober. He was evil with a great laugh and a great smile on his face.<br /><br />The above crime is nothing compared to what Norma Khouri did to her old neighbor. But I don't want to give anything away.<br /><br />I just found this one night on a late night movie channel"Showtim" I think. This is always a movie fans greatest experience to be totally tricked into seeing something and having your mind blown. Just drag your friends over to see this and don't tell them a thing. It is a very entertaining film it moves quickly and never bores you.<br /><br />This should be a international classic for all time. I believe all great movies eventually rise to the top. Time will be very good to this film. I am just sorry no one has heard of it yetin some ways that makes the surprises even better.<br /><br />The director and editor were fantastic. They deserved winning the best documentary.<br /><br />JUST WATCH THIS FILM!
critique1549 Well  I come from Bulgaria where it 's almost impossible to have a tornado but my imagination tells me to be "very  very afraid"!!!This guy (Devon Sawa) has done a great job with this movie!I don't know exactly how old he was but he didn't act like a child (WELL DONE)!Now about the tornado-it wasn't very realistic but frightens you!If you want to have a nice time in front of the telly - this is the movie!
critique1550 THE PERVERT'S GUIDE TO CINEMA (2007) **** <br /><br />If Loving Cinema Makes Me A Pervert So Be It!<br /><br />If you are a true 'moviefreak' like me then I'm sure you can't get enough of films about film-making and I don't mean necessarily the dry documentary know and then. I mean a total discourse on the film viewing experience. Well if that's the case have I got a lulu of a film experiment for you.<br /><br />In Sophie Fiennes (sister of Ralph & Joseph if you were wondering) has noted philosopher cum cinephile Slavoj Zizek give his analysis on cinema with some impressive (and often outrageous) takes on everything from the silent era of Chaplin thru the modern age of the Wachowski Brothers analyzing probing and pontificating about the psychosexual underpinnings socioeconomic political and of course indefinable magic of the film going experience with his unflagging determined and near-frenetic dissertations. To go from explaining how The Bates' house in PSYCHO is actually the mirrored psyche of the conflicted Norman Bates with each level as his Ego Superego & Id is one thing but then to suggest the same thing about each Marx Brother in barely a beat is a remarkable test of faith that wins over the skeptic layman.<br /><br />Although I had no idea who Zizek was Ã‚Â– he resembles a hybrid of filmmaker Brian DePalma European actor Rade Serbedzija and the hyperkinetic energy of filmmakers Quentin Tarantino and Martin Scorsese Ã‚Â– with his sibilant tongue and passion the host comes across as a mad prophet. <br /><br />Fiennes cleverly inserts Zizek into several of the film clips' backgrounds peppered throughout making for a humorous tone but still lets the ranting and raving continue full throttle giving pause for argument in three acts covering the gamut of films by the likes of Kubrick Lynch Hitchcock and films as diverse as THE WIZARD OF OZ THE RED SHOES and FIGHT CLUB. <br /><br />There's something for everyone and if one man can provoke an argument or at least a reason to discuss a film's themes Ã‚Â– even if they are Freudian/Jungian to a fault Ã‚Â– then I say this collection of film theory is worth the watch. Seek it out now if you can before it comes to home video; it's the only way to appreciate it.
critique1551 A criminally short lived show that went on to spawn three movie spin-offs (Naked Gun 1 2 & 3) this is fast-paced in your face rapid fire comedy that has more hits than misses. <br /><br />Leslie Nielsen plays Detective Lieutenant Sergeant Frank Drebin an incompetent Detective who bumbles and fumbles his way through cases with the capable assistant of his boss Capt. Ed Hocken.<br /><br />The story lines are spurious at best but it's deliberate as the goodness here lies not in the storytelling but in the weaving of a constant flurry of jokes along with some genuinely weird and wonderful characters. <br /><br />The jokes themselves come in many forms be it wordplay slapstick puns or background gags most of them hitting the spot though some fall a little flat. It's inevitable with this 'gag every few seconds' approach that some will fail but the ratio is good. <br /><br />The characters are a delight. From the guest star of the week dying in the opening seconds of every episode the laboratory scientist who appears to be conducting cruel and unusual experiments on children to the shoe-shine who is some form of oracle the writing is witty and sharp as a cutlass. <br /><br />Though not especially successful at the time it rapidly developed a cult following many blaming the shows' relative lack of success on being way ahead of its time and too sophisticated for the target audience chief amongst them none other than Matt 'The Simpsons' Groening: and he should know. <br /><br />Dated by todays standards if you can see through that aspect you're in for a treat.
critique1552 It's generally an accepted fact that Marcel CarnÃƒÂ©'s 1936-1946 movies are masterpieces and it's considered polite to say that the rest are mediocrities.This is an unfair opinion:at least two of the latter era are eminently watchable:"ThÃƒÂ©rÃƒÂ¨se Raquin" his best post-war workand "les tricheurs" (the cheats).<br /><br />There's a strange evolution from the Prevert golden hour to "les tricheurs":in "les enfants du paradis" "quai des brumes" or "le jour se lÃƒÂ¨ve"true love is thwarted by the villains. In "les tricheurs" true love does not exist anymore:we deal with a bunch of young people who believe in nothing;falling in love would be incongruous for this youth.The adults are not the villains at all:Mic's brother and mother are kind people but she is beyond their command.Very few grown-ups appear anyway.<br /><br />During two hoursthe characters do not stop playing arounddancinglistening to jazz records(a music which was not still part of the bourgeois culture)and heavily drinking .When two of them discover they care for each others it will be too late.<br /><br />The cast is rather good Laurent Terzieff as an existentialist cynic and AndrÃƒÂ©a Parisy as a rich kid are the stand-outs.On the other handPascale Petit and mainly Jacques Charrier(who married Brigitte Bardot the same year as "les tricheurs")do not possess the ambiguity their parts ask for.They are all smiletoo sweet and to nice to be believable.<br /><br />Oddly"les tricheurs" was labeled "nouvelle vague"!When you know what the priests of this cinema school (the likes of Godard)thought of CarnÃƒÂ© it's really a good joke.But this disenchantment you feel throughout the whole movie is really disturbing.
critique1553 Beautiful film pure Cassavetes style. Gena Rowland gives a stunning performance of a declining actress dealing with success aging loneliness...and alcoholism. She tries to escape her own subconscious ghosts embodied by the death spectre of a young girl. Acceptance of oneself of human condition though its overall difficulties is the real purpose of the film. The parallel between the theatrical sequences and the film itself are puzzling: it's like if the stage became a way out for the Heroin. If all american movies could only be that top-quality dealing with human relations on an adult level not trying to infantilize and standardize feelings... One of the best dramas ever. 10/10.
critique1554 Rendition presents a very topical matter in the form of a very tense thriller. It's a gripping and not a preaching movie. Seeing it in an Arab country with a mixture of Arabian and European audience gave it an extra level of atmosphere. The audience was totally gripped by the film and gave it a loud applause afterwards. The story of an Egyptian married to an American picked up on the suspicion of links to terrorist organizations and shipped to a friendly (with US) Arab country for "enhanced interrogation (as Meryl Streep's character states in the film: "we have no torture in the US") seems to be from the front page of todays news. There is a very neat link between the various characters which appear in the movie and the pace of the film never drops. The movies'message seems to be (as stated by Jake Gyllenhal's character in the film) that by abducting and torturing suspects you create many more terrorists. The acting is uniformly excellent with Streep and Reese Witherspoon the stand outs. Not to be missed.
critique1555 I thought this had the right blend of character plot futuristic stuff and special effects without going over board. It will take a while to get going but the acting was good and I was intrigued by the angel who is not to hard to look at. I like the attitude too! Certainly not like other attempts at futuristic stories.
critique1556 I was wrapped to see many other people also enjoyed this film. First watched it when I was in my early teens and then again several times late at night a few times after. Then sadly no more. I'm now nearly 49 and so wish it could be made available on DVD. Why not? The best Anthony Quinn role no one could have been more suited for the part or parts he plays - I've mentioned it to other film buffs of similar age and alas no one I know recalls it. As the daughter of a generation that went through WWII and its aftermath (and myself deeply fascinated by what that generation endured) I guess this film at the time gave me a wonderful cinematic insight into some of the heartbreaking issues of the day. For classic final scenes this movie is a stand out.
critique1557 This low budget crocodile movie really delivers the goods. The fact that it was inspired by true events would mean little if you wound up with a fake looking crocodile bad C.G.I. or an obvious studio setting. Fortunately none of the above are involved with this terrific very realistic film. The crocodile is real there is no C.G.I. and the on location filming takes place in an actual Australian swamp. The actors were obviously inspired to create as much realism as possible in their performances and they succeed. You can place yourself in their predicament which is testament to how realistically "Black Water" translates as entertainment. Highly recommended. - MERK
critique1558 Tempest is a somewhat self-indulgent uneven discursive movie. But as Lord Byron another visitor to Greece protested to his friend John Murray about his similarly self-indulgent and discursive "Don Juan" "It may be profligate but is it not life is it not the thing?"<br /><br />The connections to Shakespeare's "Tempest" may seem as another commentator here claims a bit tenuous. But watch the film again after re-reading "The Tempest" and they'll seem far closer. What makes this film flawed is its uneasy mixture of straightforward normal narrative and sudden jarring apparent improvisation particularly between Cassavetes and Rowland. But to be honest these scenes are the most remarkable and gripping in the film if the hardest to watch.<br /><br />The music of this film composed by Stomu Yamashta is also overlooked. Particularly fine is the perfect little piece played to accompany the afternoon siesta as people animals and seemingly the entire island collapse to sleep away the hottest part of the afternoon. It's a sublime moment and representative of the best aspect of this movie and the one thing that keeps it somewhat unified the fact that (aside from extensive flashbacks and the very end) it is the story of one day on an island from awakening to night. <br /><br />Overall I'd rather watch this film a hundred times than see some bombastic Hollywood piece of crap once. And in fact I probably have watched it several dozen times. Most times I see something I missed before.<br /><br />(Confession: I'm biased. This was the second movie I took my Greek-American goddess wife to see.)<br /><br />Trivia notes on this flick: <br /><br />- It was Molly Ringwald's first movie as well as Sam Robards';<br /><br />- It was actually not filmed on an island but in Gytheion the southern tip of the remote Mani peninsula of the Peloponnesus of Greece;<br /><br />- The (by today's standards) primitive special effects were done by Bran Ferren who later became head of Disney Imagineering and still later was an adviser to the US intelligence community;<br /><br />- Paul Mazursky the director chose the title of his recent autobiography "Show Me the Magic" from the script of "Tempest."
critique1559 Barbra Streisand is a tour de force in this Hollywood story. Her performances and the songs are one-of-a-kind and are special in the halls of great movies. The scene where she is introduced to the unexpecting audience by Kristopherson against the crowds' wishes and hers only to turn them around with her magnificent performance of "Woman In the Moon" is one of the best examples on film of how well a great performer can win over an audience. It's real. The scene where she records Evergreen ranks with the best in the business.. all live no lip-sync very special. Streisand is often criticized for being a Diva but she delivers on this one. She is majestic singing "With One More Look At You. She deserved the Oscar she and Paul Williams got for Evergreen. Kristopherson had his moments too far above most of his movie appearances. This version of the "Born" franchise ranks with the first one of 1937 (Janet Gaynor Frederic March)although I will always enjoy Judy Garland and James Mason musical remake of 1954. I haven't seen the DVD yet and don't know about its quality.
critique1560 Just reading why this show got canceled makes me rather steamed. This was a favorite of mine as a kid and I always watched it when it came on no matter how many times I saw the episode. Sure the effects were not great but they were also not horrible either. They did a fairly good job with the costume and it had the nice 70's vibe to it that is always enjoyable to see and hear as the music was also very 70's. It did not really have any villains from the comics but then most comic book live show adaptations had none to very few actual super villains from the comics. Spidey's powers were a bit different here too he had his Spidey sense and he could climb walls but he was not nearly as strong as the Spider-man of the comics. He was super strong though as I do remember an episode where he broke into a room by breaking the door knob off he just was not the car hurler that the one from the comic book can be. The show was set in Los Angelos so there were not as man buildings to swing from but they did okay with the web. It is nice that this show actually has the web shooters and not organic shooters of the movie. I love the movies but part of me wishes they would start over and do the more smarty pants Spidey that has the mechanical web shooters. This show had a good star as Peter Parker and he was okay as Spider-man it is nice to see a Spidey who does not basically live in the slums like he does in the movies. Neither this show nor the movie though has a Spider-man that is quick with the insult like the one in the comic. Still this show was fun without being as corny as the Batman show.
critique1561 It does come out of left field and REALLY isn't what you're expecting. But I love that. The most memorable movie experiences come from being surprised if you ask me. If you haven't been tipped off about the mysterious "thing" that makes these brothers so odd...you're in for a treat.<br /><br />The cast is fantastic but not stretching so much that it's palpable. The special effects come out of nowhere (seriously it's like an oddly dark romantic comedy until they do -- then WOW) and they're great. The overall cinematography is easy on the eyes the editing and sound are very good quality and the twisted story unfolds without clichÃƒÂ©s. While none of these aspects individually make it a blockbuster the "what the hell?" factor ALONE makes it a film treasure.<br /><br />The people who bash this movie make no sense. It's one of those often-overlooked flicks of the 90's that you've either never heard of or love so much you jump at the mention of its title.<br /><br />I'm in the latter group.
critique1562 If the movies are to be believed Chinese ghosts are much prettier and more mischievous than their Western counterparts. The storylines of the three 'Chinese Ghost' films are largely identical but the direction is excellent and the detail and colour is such that it's not a huge problem. As always humour is an integral part of the film accompanied of course by a great deal of mugging. For those who haven't encountered the 'Chinese GhostStory' trilogy yet this film offers an interesting departure from the Western horror/ghost genre; for those who have another enjoyable romp in the Chinese ghost world.
critique1563 A surprise thriller with more twists and double crosses than a doodle pad. A great cast mixing it up with an intriguing plot overseen by a Twin Peaks-ish influence in director Dahl. Nicholas Cage is a very underrated actor and shows a great portrayal of a man in a bind looking for the right thing to do. J.T. Walsh (RIP to a great actor) is always a wonderful villain as is Dennis Hopper. It's such a shame he never made to a higher profile in the biz. I'm sure he has his followers though. In all this is a great film that shows you that you don't need big bangs or a commercial soundtrack to be an entertaining film.
critique1564 At first sight this movie doesn't look like a particular great one. After all a Bette Davis movies with only 166 votes on IMDb and a rating of 65 must be a rather bad one. But the movie turned out to be a delightful and original surprise.<br /><br />You would at first expect that this is a normal average typical '30's movie with a formulaic love-story but the movie is surprisingly well constructed and has an unusual and original story which also helps to make this movie a very pleasant one to watch.<br /><br />The story is carried by its two main characters played by Bette Davis and George Brent. Their helped by a cast of mostly amusing characters but the movie mainly involves just around them two. Their character are involved in a most unusual and clever written love-story that work humorous as well. It makes this movie a delightful little comedy to watch that is perfectly entertaining.<br /><br />The movie is quite short (just over an hour long) which means that the story doesn't waste any time on needless plot lines development and characters. It makes the movie also rather fast paced which helps to make this movie a perfectly watchable one by todays standards as well. It does perhaps makes the movie a bit of a simple one at times but this never goes at the expense of its entertainment or fun.<br /><br />A delightful pleasant simple romantic-comedy that deserves to be seen by more!<br /><br />8/10
critique1565 Deep Water (2006) ****<br /><br />"It is indifferent... it's there waiting for you to make one slip up." Those words (paraphrased) are perhaps the best sum up of the nature of the ocean I have ever heard muttered. Its furies are boundless not least of which her loneliness. Those words come from the mesmerizing and heartbreaking documentary Deep Water. It is the story of Donald Crowhurst an amateur sailor who partook in the 1969 Sunday Times Race around the World. If you do not know his story it may be best to stop reading now. Don't read this or any other information on Crowhurst or the race. Find the film and just watch it. <br /><br />After the first solo circumnavigation of the ocean in 1967 adventurers and watchers of adventurers began seeking the next one-up. This time the journey would have to be done without making landfall or stopping along the way. Having fallen on hard times Crowhurst saw the race as a great chance to get his family back on their feet. He had lived through financial hardships as a child and wanted part in going back to such a life. So he set out to find sponsors and soon did in Stanley Best and Rodney Hallworth. The two men spelled the potential cash cow and granted Crowhurst a boat on the condition that if he should pull out of the race he would be forced himself to pay the expenses. His boat however was in serious need of repairs and he feared it would not be ready in time for the final departure day. He was informed however by his sponsor's that he simply must go Ã‚Â– after all they ponied up the dough and expected it back many a time over. <br /><br />The details of the story are infamous: Crowhurst's boat began taking on water and his progress slowed to a crawl. Faced with the decision of trying to round the horn of Africa (certain death in such a boat) or turn back (financial devastation and destitution) he searched for a third option. He chose to hide out alone on his yacht waiting for other competitors to round Cape Horn in South America. From there he would rejoin the race. He reported false positions and record breaking speeds. Then he stopped all communication for fear that his position would be given away. He also had to painstakingly construct fake log books for each day of a journey he did not take. Eventually the loneliness the guilt and the realization that he would likely be caught weighed too heavy on Crowhurst. His final log entries make the musings of a Kurtz seem entirely sane. Only a few weeks from home he turned his boat away from home and is reported to have jumped overboard soon thereafter. <br /><br />Crowhurst's odyssey is a fascinating one and its ending is heartbreaking but strikes of inevitability. Our dreams so often turn into fears and the consequences of our actions often leave us so few options for a happy ending. It is a story of a descent into madness teased on by the infinite abyss of the cruel seas. The filmmakers do a wonderful job in telling this story. It's put together with chilling audio and video recordings done by Crowhurst and narrations of his ever-increasingly maddening log notes. The story starts slowly and may distract some viewers but the rewards of the story are entirely worthwhile as it progresses. <br /><br />There are also inquiries into some of the other competitors such as Frenchman Bernard Moitessier who was on par to likely win the speed competition only to pull out and begin a second trip around the world. Also in the film is Robin Knox-Johnston who was the winner of the competition. He donated his prize money to the Crowhurst family. <br /><br />To read briefly on the Crowhurst saga simply does not do justice. It's interesting of course but a quick browse bypasses the raw emotions and oddness presented here. The final moments of Deep Water are genuinely heart breaking hearing the thoughts of his widowed family and the adoration and understanding of his friends. This is a fascinating story and it is that which carries the documentary into such great channels.
critique1566 Well let me go say this because i love history and I know that movie is most important piece in our history and it was beautifully executed movie and Julia Stiles became my #1 favorite actress after seeing her in "The '60s" and i own this movie in my video box with many movies and i suggest you to look for her new movies in the future and try to enjoy history!!!!
critique1567 Out of any category this is one demented and over the edge film even in todays standards. Filmed entirely in crap-o-rama this film will blow your mind (and something else too!)<br /><br />The amount of hilarious bad taste and sleaze is astonishing. The dialog is breathtakingly fast and campy. You'll either love or hate this film but give it go. I've seen it 4 times and absolutely love it. Divine is in the quest for being the filthiest person alive but so are her rivals too in this obscene and disgusting (but funny) and stylish little film. <br /><br />Divine was phenomenal and "she" will always be missed greatly. Edith Massey does the unforgettable performance as the "egglady" and don't forget the energetic Mink Stole!<br /><br />ÃƒÂœber crazy s**t! <br /><br />Recommended also for you sick little puppies;<br /><br />Female Trouble <br /><br />Desperate Living <br /><br />Polyester
critique1568 Send them to the freezer. This is the solution two butchers find after they discover the popularity of selling human flesh. An incredible story with humor and possible allegories that make it much more than a horror film. The complex characters defy superficial classification and make the story intriguing and worthwhile - if you can stand it. Definitely a dark film but also a bit redemptive.
critique1569 When I first saw this show I was 9 and it caught my attention right away when Stewie was trying to call Lois on the phone in the hotel. I laughed and kept on watching. When the episode was finished i wrote down the name of the cartoon and watched it regularly. This separates itself from the Simpsons and other shows on say Cartoon Network because the jokes are more mature not too much but it's TV-14 for a reason. The quick film cuts after each punch line and cute funny movements and behavior of the characters make it special. Talented Seth Macfarlene is the creator and the voice of quite a lot of characters in the show. A good theme song and a crazy family that there's always something funny makes this my favorite cartoon along Sealab 2021 and Aqua Teen Hunger Force. Check it out it's funny stuff.
critique1570 As I am always looking for something new and unique I watched this film online. I thought that it would be just another "B" rate movie but I was amazed at the acting by the two main characters. All of the actors in this film were very capable and well directed. The plot was wonderful and unique as well with an excellent moral to the story.<br /><br />This movie is definitely not for someone looking for a sex romp "Dumb and Dumber" or blood and guts. This is a wonderfully poignant film showing some grim realities of life coupled with the kindness of the human heart and just enough frivolity to keep it interesting.<br /><br />I would prefer this movie to many "A" rate movies I have seen even a great number with high box office earnings.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie.
critique1571 Yes maybe there are parts of this film which require suspending belief a little but that doesn't take anything away from the film's charm and wonder. It was shown as part of our town's youth film festival and was the organising committee's favourite. Which is not surprising. The subject matter - coming together in a race-torn though post-apartheid South Africa is highly topical and the treatment of the theme is inspirational. Of course as the previous comment mentions the film does have its shortcomings but the realism of the setting and the way the director treats his subject matter belies these shortcomings. I saw this with my wife and we returned the same evening with the children. A film to watch meditate discuss and act upon.
critique1572 The Theory Of Flight is an engaging character study of an artist (Branagh) yearning to break free of boredom and mediocrity and a terminally ill patient (Bonham-Carter) in the last stages of ASL confined to a wheelchair who desires to make love to a man before dying.<br /><br />Helena Bonham-Carter exudes wit defiance and independence as an ASL patient who is virtually dependent upon people around her to take care of her.<br /><br />Kenneth Branagh sentenced through community service to take part in caring for her complements Helena's charm with woeful melancholy creating a sentimental compelling love story in which two people try to help each other find the road to happiness before time runs out.
critique1573 Imagine that I was about to miss this great cultural event on Swedish TV last night and it was only because my girlfriend insisted on keeping the TV on (to make it easier for her to fall asleep!) that I came across it (yes I had seen an advert for it previously but of course forgotten about it and looked forward to an 'early night'...).<br /><br />Anyway - this must surely be a rather unusual idea - to base a film documentary on an interview made with sound only more than 30 years ago. But with animated and other documentary film material it adds up to a really good and insightful portrait of one of the 20th centuries' most appreciated literary artists - Georges Remy a.k.a HergÃƒÂ©.<br /><br />I for sure will read my Tintin albums with a different eye after having seen this film which makes it easier to connect the variations in style as well as content with the different periods in HergÃƒÂ©'s life (and I can tell you that I will a.s.a.p get the few that I don't have). Of course my perception of the albums has changed over the more than 25 years that I have already been reading them as has my view about what albums are my favourites but this adds (at least) one more dimension to them.
critique1574 Although the concept of a 32 year old woman portraying a 12 year old girl might be a stretch for today's <br /><br />sophisticated audiencesin the 1920's this was what the fans of Mary Pickford desired and expected from their favorite star. The opening scene displays Annie's tomboyish character as the apparent leader of a multi-ethnic street gang in comic "battle" with a rival group. The sight of a young girl being socked in the jaw and kicked may be a bit crude but the scene is played in such an "Our Gang" fashion that it would be hard to take any of this seriously. Anyway Annie can dish it out as well as take it. Once Annie returns to her tenement home and replaces her street duds with more girlish attire it becomes more difficult (especially in close-ups) to imagine this beautiful young woman as a street urchin. However for those who can muster the required suspension of disbelief the rest of the movie has it's rewards. Vacillating between comedy (Annie's gang puts on a show) to sentiment (Annie plans a birthday surprise for her Irish policeman father) to tragedy (her father is killed on his birthday) the film gives Mary ample opportunity to display a range of emotions that would please her fans of any era. <br /><br />Of course the requisite "happy ending" is eventually achieved; the evildoers are apprehended with the help of Annie's friends and rivals and she is last seen in the company of her pals riding down a busy thoroughfare on a sunny day. Which is a good a way as any for a Mary Pickford movie to end. <br /><br />
critique1575 If you want to see real evidence of what a misguided and unchecked government can do to "un-popular" people this movie provides it. Read what some people are saying about the "Patriot Act" passed after 9/11 and then watch this movie. Is it worth it? Do we really want to give away our freedoms to these people? Regardless of what you saw on TV you are not fully informed until you watch this movie. I apologize for quoting another reviewer but it needs repeating: Roger Ebert of Siskel & Ebert said "What's interesting is if you're looking for people who are unbalanced zealots... you don't find them among the Branch Davidians you find them among the FBI and the Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms; those are the people in this movie who deserve to be feared I think." I think every person responsible for 9/11 needs to be brought to justice but I think the government has not shown a history of honoring it's duty to protect people's rights and this movie proves it in dramatic fashion.
critique1576 Large corporations Vs. Conscientious Do good-ers. We seem to witness events (both real life and reel life) of this sort all the time and most of the time greed wins by employing every means (dirty) necessary and the truth gets suppressed. At least in this movie Jack Godell (Jack Lemmon) got his points across and paid for it dearly. We have seen several more movies of this sort being made in the recent years the most memorable of which was 'The Insider' where Russell Crowe played a tobacco industry scientist who tried to blow the whistle claiming that the Industry added more nicotine in cigarettes to make smokers addicted. There was also this reporter-protagonist angle where the reporter is looking for the scoop of his/her dreams and the protagonist is faced with this moral dilemma where he/she has to choose between righteousness and his livelihood and sometimes his/her life.<br /><br />Jane Fonda played reporter Kimberly wells to perfection. She plays a reporter who wishes to pursue serious news whereas her bosses value her more as an 'Eye-Candy'. She and her crew (the cameraman played by post-'Coma' Michael Douglas who is also the producer of the movie) witness an accident in a nuclear power plant while they were on a visit. Cameraman Michael Douglas sneakily/illegally gets footage of that event on tape in spite being a no-photography zone and smuggles it out of the station. The station refuses to air it and informs the corporation that owns the nuclear station. <br /><br />In the mean time the chief engineer Jack Godell launches an investigation of his own and discovers a lot of irregularities in the equipment that's being used for the reactor. This starts all the dirty politics of corruption and greed.<br /><br />This is a good thriller and it managed to create a lot of tension in the audience till the end and the funny thing was that there was no background score to suggest all the scary moments. Now that's great and unusual in movies. Performances were all good and I love Jack Lemmon. We primarily know him for his comedic roles but he is equally good in dramatic roles. I give this movie an 8/10.
critique1577 Just kidding I rented 12 Monkeys the other day because I am a huge Bruce Willis fan and I heard some things about the film. Some good and some bad but it was one of those films you had to pay attention to every second so I was a bit worried. Just because I felt like for a minute if this was going to be one of those films that I had to watch several times to get. But I watched it last night and I was really impressed this movie had everything in it: action drama sci-fi history dark humor and even a little romance. The actors all did a terrific job I give a lot of credit to Bruce during his scene in the car with his psychiatrist he really got to me. But Brad Pitt I'm just amazed with how much of a great job he did. He didn't over do his character who was crazy and just made it work and was extremely believable. The story was just scary but very good and a wake up call.<br /><br />James Cole is a man in the future where a virus broke out in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population survived including him. Animals are now ruling the ground above while the humans are down below but scientists send James to the past of 1990(really meaning to send him to '96) to find out about information of the virus. James gets put into a mental institution meeting his new psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Raily and another mental patient Jeffrey Goines. He tells them the future of course no one believes him he goes back to the future. But the scientists send him back to the correct year to where the doctor is kidnapped by James but he tells her more and believes him. Now they are set on trying to prevent the virus from ever happening.<br /><br />12 Monkeys was an incredible film. Like I said the story was so scary just because it's not at all hard to believe that we are not far from that happening. But the whole movie was just great the cast the sets just the whole picture was a great one. It had a Terminator type of feel to it where we might loose something precious one day ourselves if we don't listen to others. What is right and what is wrong? Who knows? But I would highly recommend 12 Monkeys it's a great movie that if you give it the proper chance I'm sure you'll enjoy it.<br /><br />9/10
critique1578 Peter is top notch he is acting and looking great. feels like watching a live play great camera works and i was sad it was over. Can not wait until it is on the big screen. Super cast this could be a big hit. I like the way the kids interact as sister and two brothers really made me think of my own brothers going through a situation like what Peter the happy father who thinks he will end his life after a big party... The colors and sets were delightful to the eyes helps so much to draw you into the film/play... I was so happy to see Peter not be Colombo this guy could always act and now this is a movie that gives him that range. I recommend you take your family to this movie. Perhaps the teenagers will not get much from this no guns fast cars dumb lines stupid fart jokes... but your adult kids will love it. Good show for a night with them. <br /><br />Jason
critique1579 I loved this show. I was waiting for it to come out on DVD....it never has. Does anyone know how to get the show available on DVD? I have contacted Lifetime TV and a few others and nothing. Please let me know if there is a way we can have this series on DVD. Iwould be first in line to purchase it. I really got hooked on this show. I do not understand how a bunch of other TV shows are available on DVD but not Any Day Now. I am sure there are many of us out there who would love to have this series on DVD or even VHS. I thought of contacting the production company. Has anyone else out there tried to contact anyone for this information?
critique1580 After a love triangle story in Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega these 3 stars were again chosen in this controversial flick. The film would have been considered as hit if there was not a controversy with the production values from Bharat Shah. Here director duo Abbas-Mustan did a very different and unique job as compared with their previous and after directorial ventures. They are considered as thriller makers of Bollywood. But in this CCCC they proved that they can equally handle to make a romantic family drama. Hardly there is a single action scene when Preity was being raped by Salman's colleague in her apartment Salman slapped him.<br /><br />The movie has almost all the standards and ingredients like song story casting performances etc. which are required to make a movie hit. But of course for Salman's fan this was something a surprise gift from him. Why? Because for so long he has been doing roles where he has a scene to show his open body and dance la-la-la all around. His role as a rich young businessman who has no-nonsense nature and of normal attitude is really impressive. After all Madhubala a prostitute role performed by Preity is amazing. Later when she too turns out thoughtful about her life she deserve proper attention. Her facial expressions and body language become more attractive and focus mainly goes to her. Her previous role as a pregnant woman in Kya Kehna was not that heart-touching as it is here. Of course this can be termed as improvement. Then Priya a very innocent and helpless wife of Raj who only depends on him for a better result. She has nothing powerful influence in the story as the main ingredients are in the hands of Preity.<br /><br />Finally the main point of the story which is something rare and unique in itself. In real world of this age it is not totally impossible to happen such step of searching for a surrogate mother. Perhaps many are happening in this large world where these are kept secret. And in this way the scriptwriter of CCCC has uncovered a hidden truth which is taking place in others daily lives. But still then it is a doubt.
critique1581 Interesting fast-paced and amusing.<br /><br />I'm not one of those people who watches loads and loads of television. I stumbled across this show while home sick with a bad case of the flu one day and was immediately hooked. I developed quite a crush on John Burke. Both he and Claire did an amazing job of hosting the show together. You could really tell that they both loved their jobs.<br /><br />The super-collector segments were excellent. I found myself interested in things I had never previously given a single thought to.<br /><br />What I would really like to know is: Whatever happened to Jack the dog? Did one of the hosts adopt him?
critique1582 A hilarious Action comedy in which Damian Szifron takes into the lives of DÃƒÂ­az a cop whose wife has cheated on him. He is living in a hotel feeling guilty about his wife's unfaithfulness falling into depression he stops caring running red lights just for fun feeling sorry for himself. And Silberman a Jewish shrink on probation a leftist liberal who does not trust cops at all. He is told to accompany DÃƒÂ­az in his daily duties unable to refuse due to the terms of his probation. Soon the situation reverts when Silberman himself finds out his wife is cheating on him and ends up being comforted by the very person he was supposed to help a person he did not trust at all in the beginning. A nuclear conspiracy car thieves international spies a hysterical wife. Weird characters in a delightful comedy about friendship and heroism.
critique1583 I swear when I first saw this movieI cried my eyes out! A STAR IS BORN is the movie that lets you know what love is really like despite the obstacles John Norman (Kris Kristofferson) and Esther (Streisand) face. You also experience what it's like to lose a love like that by the end of the movie. Streisand and Kristofferson have such great chemistry together and the music is fantastic! When Streisand sings With one more look at you/Watch closely now it's just pure magic! This movie made the song Evergreen one of my favoritesand Queen Bee is such a fun song. Also I love the fashion of the '70s (except Streisand's afro. Besides thatshe's a beauty.). A Star is Born is my number one favorite movie. This movie is a pleasure to watch and is a heart-breaker at the end.
critique1584 The best screen performance ever by George C. Scott. The screenplay by Chayefsky the irony-freighted dialogue is near perfect ('Just where do you train your nurses Dachau?'). Rigg is wonderful as the rescuing angel who saves Scott from doom as is the whole cast. It's a hilarious and serious movie. It is a movie of the period the 60's but it is not in any sense dated. What it is about the chaos and irrationality of the system vs. the sanity of the individual is timeless. And the "We heal nothing. We cure nothing" monologue (delivered shouted actually as no one else but Scott could) with its references to cloning and other 'wonders' of modern science could literally have been written this morning.<br /><br />
critique1585 (No need to recap the plot since others have done so already.)<br /><br />It's understandable that many viewers find fault with the film raised as we are with the slam-bang sensurround of today's cineplex experience. Against that background a movie like Ecstasy appears to have wandered in from another planet. I think there are several worthwhile reasons why.<br /><br />Most importantly the film unfolds poetically as the camera pans slowly over surrounding hills trees clouds etc. providing a serene and lyrical sense of a natural world that integrates the man and woman into its fold. Together these reveal a style and dimension almost totally missing from today's technology-driven cinema where rapid-fire editing works to divert audience attention and not to concentrate it. Additionally the story is conveyed by eye and not by ear with almost no dialogue to explain what's happening. This amounts to another extreme departure from today's very literal fare where visuals only seem to count when they excite the audience. But perhaps most unsettling-- the movie is sometimes eerily quiet not in the sense that silent films are quiet since we expect them to be. But in the sense that the characters seldom speak when we expect them to. Thus the burden of the story is shared between the film-maker and the viewer. The former must choose his visuals artfully so as to convey the narrative while the latter must think about those visuals since they're not going to be explained.<br /><br />None of this is intended to belittle today's film-making. It's simply to point out that a movie like Machaty's comes out of a very different aesthetic from the one we have today. I don't claim either to be any better or worse. However I do claim that Ecstasy represents a perspective sorely missing from today's movie-going experience where such 'contemplative values are routinely dismissed as slow and boring. <br /><br />The film itself is no masterpiece though at times it reaches artistic heights as in the beautifully composed beer-garden scene with its final crane shot rising to reveal the exquisite tableau below. The slow pans of the countryside with its pantheistic celebration of life nature and regeneration are also wonderfully expressed. These are the kind of scenes that don't overwhelm you but instead-- given half-a chance-- accumulate quietly into an experience as memorable in its own way as the spine-tingling variety of a "Jaws". <br /><br />On the other hand the film is sometimes heavy-handed as when Machaty piles on the imagery particularly in the final ode-to-labor sequence. It's hard to know what to make of this rather disruptive presence. Perhaps the symbolism has to do with the heroic dimension that hard work holds for the love-lorn hero and people in general-- a theme then being promoted by the influential Soviet cinema. Still its presence here is rather tediously over-done.<br /><br />Anyhow I've got to admit that I tuned in initially to see the gorgeous Hedy LaMarr in the buff. But now I have to admit that in the process I also got a lot more than just a peek-a-boo romp in the woods.
critique1586 After seeing this film months ago it keeps jumping back into my consciousness and I feel I must buy it or at least see it again even though I watched it at least 3 times when I rented it at that point.<br /><br />I fell in love with Hal Hartley's directing many years ago - I found that these films could make me laugh in an place that is rarely entertained. It is a strange feeling granted and I assume most people out there really just don't get it or it makes them feel confused and somewhat uncomfortable - I guess I just really get it - its as if these films were made for me.<br /><br />Although I don't remember if I actually laughed out loud during this film it remains one of the funniest films I've seen in many years. If you don't see the humor of the grocery bag Fay carries from the street to a church to her brother's publisher's office to her son's principal's office you may lack the intelligence to be highly impressed by this film. The bag is a silent character in itself being dragged around as an icon of motherhood the usually brash bitchy Parker Posey must carry before the international intrigue of the remainder of the film besets her.<br /><br />I consider "Henry Fool" my least favorite of Hartley's films. I honestly don't remember it very well - I think the character himself was so despicable I found it tedious. Hartley's forte seems to be feminine character development.<br /><br />Aside from Posey's brilliance it was wonderful to see Elina Lowensohn one of my favorite actresses again. Her extravagant naivetÃƒÂ© is perfect for Hartley's direction. His ability to make the outrageous seem banal helps define his style as a delicious chronic irony throughout.<br /><br />This film erupts into a highly relevant international intrigue story explaining political situations in Afganistan. This is never suspected at the beginning. The complexity of this film's development is unparalleled.<br /><br />This is the epitome of a "stand alone" sequel. The less you know about Henry Fool the more mystery is spun around him the less you expect his appearance toward the end of the film - as an alcoholic chain-smoking complaint machine hurling insults at his Islamic terrorist caretaker who somehow seems to respect him. Its like finding out Santa Claus is actually a 12-year-old schoolyard bully.<br /><br />Although I was impressed and satisfied with Hartley's other recent films "the Girl from Monday" and "No Such Thing" "Fay Grim" goes far beyond what I expected with a sense of humor and originality no Oscar winner would ever dare.
critique1587 Errol Flynn's roguish charm really shines through in this entertaining and exciting but historically bankrupt biopic of the famous (and some would say infamous) General Custer that follows his career from his first day at West Point through the Civil War and out west to the battle at The Little Big Horn all the while butting heads with rival Arthur Kennedy and romancing pretty Olivia de Havilland.<br /><br />Some might say that Flynn who delivers a great flamboyant performance as the general is basically playing himself playing Custer!<br /><br />A lavish production (that should have been in Technicolor) well directed by Raoul Walsh They Died With Their Boots On features some truly well-staged battle sequences. Also it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.<br /><br />The previous year Flynn played Jeb Stuart opposite Ronald Reagan's George Custer in Santa Fe Trail (also with de Havilland) another action-packed Warner Brothers production designed to make you fail history class!
critique1588 The film begins with a cranky old Broadway producer (exceptionally well-played by veteran character actor Richard Carle) being driven by a man hoping to sell him a story for an upcoming play. However there is a bad storm and their car becomes stuck in the mud and so they are forced to look for some place to spend the night. Fortunately there's a mansion nearby though it seems pretty odd that the people inside know the writer and he says he didn't realize this was the home of a man he knew (and despised). However while this seems like bad and contrived writing it is not....as this is all part of an elaborate ruse by the writer to have a group of actors in the home act out his plot. However part-way through the ruse the producer and his browbeaten assistant figure out that the murder mystery taking place in the home is fake and think the whole affair is pretty funny. What no one realizes though is that an escaped maniac is loose and he is about to enter this contrived little plot--making for some wonderful twists and turns. So when it seems that there is a real murder the actors are truly terrified while Carle and his sidekick are convinced it's all a hoax. While I have explained some of the plot there are many more aspects of the film you'll just have to figure out yourself--and it's surely to keep you entertained and guessing.<br /><br />Considering that this is a B-movie in the public domain I certainly did NOT have very high hopes for this little film. However I was thrilled when the film turned out to be a much better than average flick--with a very interesting and novel twist on the old clichÃƒÂ©d plot about a dark and stormy night spent in a mansion. Plus while the plotting of the film was very good the dialog was even better--with lots of sparkling wit and a nice light-hearted pace. Full of pleasant surprises and well worth your time.
critique1589 A have a female friend who is currently being drawn into a relationship with an SOB who has a long term girlfriend. Of course the SOB is very good-looking charming etc and my friend is a very intelligent woman. Watching Jean Pierre Leaud's character at work is exactly like watching what goes on in real life when guys like that destroy the lives of our female friends. It's tragic and you know she's going to end up very hurt but there's nothing you can do. Leaud is brilliant. Totally empty. A blank throughout he pulls the faces and tells the stories he thinks will get the reaction he wants.<br /><br />The scene two hours in when Leaud and Lebrun have made love and the next morning he puts on a record and very sweetly and charmingly sings along to amuse her is brilliant. The "What the hell am I doing here with this idiot" expression that flickers back and forth across her face will be in my memory for a long time to come.<br /><br />It's a long film but see it in one go preferably in a cinema. Takes a while to get into but then the time just disappears.
critique1590 I first viewed this movie when it first came out and also bought an LP recording of the soundtrack. I liked it so well I went back to see it several times..cannot understand why it was considered a flop. Julie Andrews was lovely in this film her voice was in top form and the costuming was beautiful!<br /><br />The film contains a little bit of everything and even though some of the scenes were a bit heavy-handed they were still fun. <br /><br />I recently found I could get a copy in DVD form and ordered it......I was disappointed that a couple of songs and sequences in the movie were not included in the version of the DVD I ordered.
critique1591 Tourist Trap is a bizarre great horror film from the '70s. The film is about a group of young adults Becky Jerry and Molly who are traveling in a jeep through a desert area. Their two other friends Eileen and her boyfriend Woody are in a separate car. When a wheel goes flat Woody takes it to a nearby gas station - and meets a grisly fate to some bizarre telekinetic mayhem and some creepy mannequins. The friends get tired of waiting for Woody and go to a local "tourist trap" mannequin/wax museum. In front of the entrance the car randomly breaks down and the girls find an oasis area to go swimming in where they are approached by Mr. Slausen who runs the roadside attraction that is now closed down. He takes them up to the old western wax museum and the girls stay behind while he and Jerry go to fix their car. Eileen the curious of the two wanders to an old house nearby where she also falls to the hands of a mysterious masked killer and a bunch of life like mannequins. After awaiting for Eileen Becky and Molly go to look for her. That's when the real horror begins and the telekinetic (can move objects with his mind) masked brother of Mr. Slausen begins to kill off the teens one by one while controlling his large amount of human-turned mannequins.<br /><br />Sound similar to the 2005 "House of Wax" remake? Well it is. I'd heard of this movie but never seen it when I saw "House of Wax" but now I can see the striking similarities the two movie share - "Tourist Trap" was obviously a big contributor to the "House of Wax" remake. The mannequins in this movie are scary to begin with some with moving eyeballs some with no eyes at all and some with dropping mouths that sing too. The singing was extremely creepy if you ask me and the mannequins were eerily designed. Mannequins are creepy to begin with they're so lifelike yet they really aren't. The movie tightly blends elements from "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" (the masks the killer uses are similar to those of Leatherface) with a little bit of the original "House of Wax" and the telekinetic powers that are displayed in "Carrie". The result is quite satisfying. The telekinesis was a nice touch to the movie it made the killer all the more menacing and inescapable. The masks were terrifying and the plastering scene was really disturbing.<br /><br />The score for the film was really well done if not a little overused during some scenes. The acting may not be particularly on key but it really wasn't that bad. Chuck Connors was really good as the shadowy Mr. Slauston giving the character a shady but friendly feel. A young Tanya Roberts is also in the film she's most known for her role on "Charlie's Angels" and more recently the sitcom "That '70s Show" playing Donna's mother. Robert A. Burns serves as the art director he did a phenomenal job on the original "Texas Chainsaw" and does a good job here as well creating a cluttered musty atmosphere to both the rundown museum and the old house filled with mannequins. I found it a little odd that the original rating for the film was PG it seems a little too scary to have such a tame rating but the film really isn't too violent.<br /><br />Overall "Tourist Trap" is an eerily unique fast paced extremely under-appreciated horror classic. Full Moon gave it a decent 20th anniversary DVD release the commentary was interesting and the picture was clear and crisp for the most part better than the video versions. If you enjoy older '70s slasher-horror films "Tourist Trap" is an underrated retro gem. 8/10.
critique1592 This is an very good movie. This is one that I would rent over and over again. It is not like your normal superhero movie. This movie blends comedy action and great special effects. It even has a person in it that does a lot of voices on The Simpsons. William H. Macy is the bomb.
critique1593 I love this movie. It is great film that combines English and Indian cultures with feminist-type issues such as girls wanting to play sports that were previously reserved for men. It shows the struggles of both an Indian person wanting to break outside her cultural barriers and women wanting to break outside the gender restrictions found in sports especially in England at the time. I feel that the cultural struggles are more emphasized than the other issues.<br /><br />In contrast to the other comment I do not think this movie is anything like Dirty Dancing or any other such chick flick. This move is loved by many types of people men and women young and old alike.
critique1594 Film noir at its best. Set in the immediate aftermath of WWII ( 1946) "Crossfire" depicts the good bad and ugly of that time. Monty Montgomery kills Sam because Sam's a Jew and therefore automatically perceived through Monty's narrow lens to have been a slacker who got out of fighting the war. Monty doesn't like people like that. The truth is that Sam was a soldier too but the truth is something which disappears when you're feeling right about the ideologies of hate you've been immersed in and the world is full of dirty this and thats badly in need of your brand of "cleansing".<br /><br />Monty is a sadist in winning soldier's clothing. The losers of WWII had more than their share as well hate filled prejudiced leaders and soldiers as well. Some of them were hung for war crimes like starting a "war of aggression".<br /><br />This movie got its makers in trouble when that other sadistic cleanser of America Joe McCarthy got his hearings going in the early 1950s.<br /><br />See "Crossfire" just to see how good an actor Robert Ryan was. The real Robert Ryan was no Monty. He WAS a great if underestimated under used actor.<br /><br />See "Crossfire" and get a taste of the dark side of post-WWII America. See it to get a taste of the good side of late 40s America as well. Robert Mitchim and Robert Young also play leading roles. Mitchim could have played Ryan's role in fact he did when he played the psychopath in "Cape Fear".
critique1595 I was very curious to see this Wajda-Depardieu outing plus the time period is definitely fascinating. Being a Wajda fan I was disappointed and that may be an understatement. The film never really took cinematic flight -- there's no foundation for the animosity between Danton and Robespierre etc.<br /><br />Basically the script was weak (adapted from "The Danton Affair"). And yet the direction was masterful...it's Wajda afterall! Also there were some amazing actors BUT they never really grab the audience's attention like they should. Depardieu comes off as a quasi-goofy nonchalant Danton...not exactly the image we have in mind. Woijech Pzsoniak is incredible as usual but again the script puts up limits even actors of great talent can't break down. Andrzej Seweryn and Bogoslaw Linda pop up ... as Bourdon and Saint-Just...and if you're familiar with Wajda then you'd know them.<br /><br />Overall I was disappointed with this much-lauded film. Great cast great director but no quality foundation. Bad undynamic script. We need to get in Danton (Walesa) and Robespierre's (General J) mindsets... what are their motivations? Eh...who knows? One likes women the other powders himself? Riiight. Ok so if you're looking for a great French Revolution movie I HIGHLY recommend "La Revolution Francaise"...it's in two parts and oh-so-great! Excellent performances in-depth script juicy tid bits...definitely a satisfying experience!! Klaus-Maria Brandauer is a much better Danton than Depardieu...the wonderful Andrzej Seweryn apparently took some notes from "Danton" and is BRILLIANT as Robespierre. SEE IT! NOW! As for Wajda fans -- you're better off with "Man of Iron/Marble" "Promised Land" and the like. Cheers!!
critique1596 Everything was better in past days. Even children's television. And Fraggle Rock proves my point quite easily. At the time of writing this comment I am fourteen years old but even in my teen years I can't resist the charm of Fraggle Rock. For those of you that have indeed been living under a rock (haha!) Fraggle Rock is about a horde of playful and goofy creatures called Fraggles who live-amazingly-in a rock. But they're not the only creatures. The rock is inhabited with many other species like the hardworking Doozers and countless living plants. Outside the rock on one side live inventor-scientist Doc and his dog Sprocket (who later befriends Gobo Fraggle) on the other side a family of Gorgs-supposed rulers of the Universe. The five main Fraggles Gobo (fearless leader) Mokey (arty and peaceful) Wembley (indecisive and a friend to Gobo) Boober (a pessimistic domestic god) and Red (loves anything to do with sport and general feistyness)get caught up in some strange situations each episode while at the same time sing and dance their cares away.<br /><br />Fraggle Rock is definitely a family show-the plots may have intricate details that infants may not follow well but the song-and-dance routines will hold their attention. The characters are strong and likable their conflicts believable and their adventures thrilling. The Gorgs are frightening Doc and Sprocket enlightening Uncle Travelling Matt hilarious (the postcard segments are very 80s!) and the final episode Change of Address genuinely touching. Let's go down to Fraggle Rock again!
critique1597 What an absolutely charming movie. The cast is wonderful and the story is witty and fun. An all around pleasant movie experience. Although the plot is somewhat predictable it doesn't make the story any less enjoyable in fact I didn't want it to end. I've always been a Ingrid Bergman fan and I was interested to see her in a comedic role. She didn't let me down Ingrid Bergman's performance as Ms Dickinson is fun to watch. I loved her interaction with Toni at the music store as well as her Dancing and doing "the Dentist". It only further proved what I already knew that she is one of the greatest actresses of all time. Goldie Hawn is also delightful to watch. Her fun gentle-hearted and lovable Toni is the driving force of the movie. You don't even question why she would be so concerned about her Finacee's wife you just accept that she's just that type of person who wouldn't be happy unless she knew everyone else was also. And Walter Matthau is great as Julian. His actions never create a feeling animosity for the viewer in fact they almost make him more enduring. There wasn't an unlikable character in the bunch. This movie has definitely with stood the test of time I watched it just last night and I think it's one of the best romantic comedies I've ever seen. If you're looking for a fun lighthearted romantic comedy look no further.
critique1598 Dolelemite (1975) is a cult classic. Starring Rudy Ray Moore as the pimp superhero out to wrong rights whilst challenging the MAN along the way. He has two enemies that no good Willie Green and the sleazy mayor. Watch Dolemite kick punch slap and pimp his way across the screen. What's the man's name? DOLEMITE!<br /><br />Interesting film that paved the way for a generation of rappers and performers. To sell more of his party albums Rudy Ray Moore made several on the cheap films during the seventies. Self produced and marketed he catered towards a specific audience. Some people call it blacksploitation others call it trash I call it entertaining. Dolemite was followed by the semi-sequel The Human Tornado and a direct to video Return of Dolemite 25 years later.<br /><br />Highly recommended a definite cult classic! <br /><br />Footnotes if the film was properly matted on video you wouldn't see the boom mikes. Dolemite was cut to receive an R-rating.
critique1599 I liked this movie a lot but the feeling that I most came away with was the memory of how much IÃ‚Â´d enjoyed the novel. The film features two of the best actresses working today--Jessica Lange who is great here and the divine Jennifer Jason Leigh who does the best she can with the thinly-drawn character she is given--as well as a surprisingly excellent Michelle Pfeiffer and a steady Jason Robards. The adaptation is basically faithful to the book at least as faithful as it can be in an hour and forty minutes. The film doesnÃ‚Â´t really dazzle except for certain scenes between Lange and Pfeiffer but it does a thoroughly competent job of visualizing this wonderfully tragic story. As far as movies adapted from novels go this was definitely among the better ones. If nothing else it has sent me back to my bookshelves to rediscover favorite passages from Jane SmileyÃ‚Â´s excellent novel and back to King Lear to brush up on the minor characters in order to see just how deep the parallels go. Worth your time as a film definitely and hopefully enough to make you remember that reading great literature is a joy as well.
critique1600 A lumberman finds a young cougar in need of help. To young to be on his own the cat soon takes up with the rugged camp workers. Nicknamed "Good Time Charlie' his antics amuse everyone at first. His wild nature eventually begins to cause trouble and reintroducing him into his natural habitat becomes an issue. This film is among those wonderful Disney nature films that were common in the 50's and 60's Lots of action beautiful scenery and some endearing animal to charm you. These films were not long but included fascinating glimpses into wildlife and the effects of human contact. Unlike Disney's animated talking animals the animals in these films remained true to their own nature. They also make great travel films for seeing the western states.
critique1601 I've just finished seeing the film for the first time in it's entirety (although I watched some parts when it was first shown in Britain in the mid-90's) I truly believe it to be a masterpiece of late twentieth century cinema. Undoubtledly a film of this scope raises lots of questions like why are there some narrative differences between the 60's Hermann in 'Heimat' and Hermann in this film? For example in the first film Hermann has a fairly significant relationship with his stepfather (he funds Hermann's electronic music) whereas in "Die Zweite..." there is little mention of his dad until the final episode.<br /><br />One other point does interest me; reading up on Edgar Reitz I'm struck by historical similarities between him and the Stefan character (spoiler coming) in the last episode it is revealed that Stefan has won a prize at the Venice Film Festival (Reitz won an award for best debut work there for his film "Mahlzeiten"); Reitz's film company is called 'Edgar Reitz Filmproduktion' and Stefan's is also eponymously named. I'm interested in Stefan being an autobiographical character because aside from Helga he is probably the least likable of the friends. <br /><br />Maybe Stefan's a red herring I don't know what I do know is that I loved this film and wish that more were made like it with the exception of Michael Haneke's "Cache" and Werner Herzog's "Grizzly Man" there's not enough ambition audacity and passion of this sort in modern cinema. I can't wait to see number 3 now.
critique1602 Legendary director Sidney Lumet gives us one of his finest films in his historic career in this very tense and ultimately shocking story about a family that includes dysfunctional as one of the children. With an A-list cast headed by Philip Seymour Hoffman (an Oscar-worthy performance here) Ethan Hawke Marisa Tomei and Albert Finney Lumet has captured not just elements of botched crime stories such as Reservoir Dogs but also family stories such as Ordinary People.<br /><br />Many viewers might be confused and feel underwhelmed at the construction of the plot Lumet has gone with here. Instead of showing it in a linear manner he has gone the Tarantino route and shows the central scene of a robbery gone wrong from different points of view all out of order. I personally found this to be very satisfying and left me constantly guessing what was going to happen next. The script is very strong with some excellent scenes between husband and wife Hoffman and Tomei as well as between father and son Finney and Hoffman. All the actors are totally engaging to watch and Lumet is obviously having fun in directing a style he usually doesn't delve in. Plenty of action and suspense to hold the audience for the two hour running time this is a rare movie that doesn't disappoint for one moment.
critique1603 Having no knowledge of this film prior to seeing it on Rialto Channel I found it to be a pleasant poignant and enriching film. <br /><br />The casting was excellent. I loved all the characters they were a little exaggerated in places (but this IS a film). The way it looked and the enjoyably giddy ride the main character took until it turned badly as real life can and does. Yes I thought Andy MacDowell was great. I was particularly interested to watch this film once it began because people so often joke about her acting abilities (I find this quite wierd because she's always a solid actress in my opinion).<br /><br />I loved the bit at the end where Andy's character said "sometimes I feel he was never here" etc. it was so completely how it really is in a situation like that (which I can personally identify with) then there was that gorgeous classical piece "Nocturne" I think by Chopin which was a beautiful way to end (bar the light comedy at the end which was probably unnecessary).<br /><br />I say "well done" to the film makers - I have seen 1000s of worse films!
critique1604 Elvira Mistress Of The Dark is a sort of "Harper Valley P.T.A." with touches of the supernatural. Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) walks off her job as television horror movie hostess after the new station's owner gets fresh with her. She's now relying on a Las Vegas show to carry her through but learns she needs to come up with more money to get the show started. Things look hopeless to raise that money until she receives notice of her aunt's death which then takes Elvira to Massachusetts for the reading of the will. A house in need of repairs a dog and a cookbook are all that is left to her by her aunt and again it seems Elvira is having trouble coming up with the money for the Las Vegas show. The adults of the small and narrow minded town make things worse by making things more difficult for Elvira. Only the local hunk (Daniel Greene) and a group of teenagers will befriend her. Elvira's Uncle "Vinnie" (W. Morgan Sheppard) presses to make a deal with Elvira for the cookbook but Elvira soon learns of her powerful heritage that includes spellcasting and a couple very effective casseroles. Elvira no longer wants to sell the cookbook to her uncle but he is determined to get his hands on it knowing of its power. Elvira then faces being burned at the stake on the town's old charge of witchcraft and the showdown between her and her uncle. The plot is pretty simple but the humor and well developed characters keep it moving at a nice pace. "Elvira Mistress Of The Dark" is full of cute gross bawdy and clever humor carried through by the many sight gags puns props songs and parodies. The film's touches of the occult make this one of the best horror parodies ever made. It is a well made film with terrific acting by all performers; including Edie McClurg and Jeff Conaway (of "Grease.") There are also nice special effects. Many people (including myself) wondered if the Elvira character could carry a feature film and the answer is delightfully YES!
critique1605 This film is so old I never realized how young looking Ray Milland looked in 1936 I remember him playing in a great film "Lost Weekend". Ray plays the role of Michael Stuart who is a very rich banker. There are three girls in this picture who are not very happy about their father and mother separating and they find out their father is going to get married to a young blonde who is a gold digger only looking for a rich sugar daddy. They hire a man to pose as a very rich Count his name is Count Ariszted (Misha Auer) who is drunk all the time and is penniless and gives plenty of comic laughs throughout the picture. Deanna Durbin (Penny Craig) surprised everyone when she was booked in a police station and told the chief of police that she was an opera star and then Penny starts singing with the most fantastic soprano voice I have every heard the entire police department and convicts started applauding which was a very entertaining and enjoyable scene from this film. This is Deanna Durbin's first film debut and she became an instant success over night and went on to become a great movie star with Universal Studios after leaving MGM.
critique1606 After reading the other tepid reviews and comments I felt I had to come to bat for this movie.<br /><br />Roeg's films tend to have little to do with one another and expecting this one to be like one of his you liked is probably off the mark.<br /><br />What this film is is a thoughtful and unabashed look at religious faith. The only other film like it-in terms of its religious message-would have to be Tolkin's `The Rapture.'<br /><br />I am astonished that anyone could say the story is muddled or supernatural. It is a simple movie about Catholic faith miracles and redemption--though you would never guess it till the end. It is also the only movie I can think of whose resolution turns literally on a pun.<br /><br />As a (happily) fallen Catholic myself I know what the movie is about and I find a sort of fondness in its ultimate innocence about the relation between God and man. But if you are not familiar with the kind of theology on which the film is based then it will go right over you head.<br /><br />As a film-as opposed to a story-`Cold Heaven' it is not ground-breaking. While `The Rapture' is heavy with pictorial significance and cinematic imagery `Cold Heaven' downplays its own cinematic qualities. There are no striking shots no edgy effects no attempts to fit the content to the form. It is workmanlike shooting but subdued. Nor does it have dialogue or acting to put it in a class of high drama. It is a simple story that unfolds simply. It may seem odd; but at the end the mystery is revealed. It looks ambiguous; but with a single line the ambiguity vanishes in a puff of Catholic dogma.<br /><br />In this regard `Cold Heaven' has at its heart exactly the same sort of thing that drives a movie like `The Sting' or `The Sixth Sense' or `Final Descent' or Polanski's `A Pure Formality.' All of these are films with a trick up their sleeves. They may frustrate you along the way but they have a point-an obvious one indeed--but the fun is at least in part in having been taken in.<br /><br />Still even if it seems like little more than a shaggy dog story with a punch line it is worth watching for way it directs-and misdirects-you. Try it-especially if you are or have ever been a Catholic.
critique1607 I watched this movie out of a lack of anything else on at the time. Quickly the movie grabbed me with the depth of the characters and subtle plot. I was quite surprised to see that the rating given by my satellite provider did not show any stars.<br /><br />I will not give any spoilers to the plot-line or outcome but most of the characters had at least some redeeming value. Until the very last minute I did not know how it would turn out. Frequently you can pick-up the formula and predict a story direction. I could not do that with this film.<br /><br />I would recommend this as one of the finer films of this genre.
critique1608 The film deals with universal themes mentioning no specific country as its context: it could happen anywhere--and has in substance if not form. Those concerned about 1st amendment issues censorship et al--but don't want to be bored with lectures--need art such as this to illustrate dramatize teach inspire.<br /><br />Rickman is certainly an under appreciated character actor; he shines in this film showing off multiple acting talents that you must see (I have yet to see him give a bad performance though even in not-so-great films). Stowe gives perhaps her best performance (and proves that she possesses one of the most striking pair of eyes in Hollywood)--in two words: stunning convincing.<br /><br />The set design perfectly matches the situation in function and mood. The sound editing heightens to appropriate effect. The total contrast conveyed through the animation sequences is a perfect symbolic device-and the welcome and only respite to the bulk of the story's necessary venue. The script is tight and essential with engagingly dramatic-yet realistic-dialogue (i.e. as it might be and ought to be). Perhaps the most amazing aspect to contend with is the fact that 1) this is the director's first time out; and 2) he is the writer. In one phrase: a tour de force--with three recommendations: see it own a copy see it repeatedly to fathom all its secrets and grasp all it genius.
critique1609 The first season told pretty much how all elements of the Marine Corps would operate (i.e. ground air helicopters and jets) as a team. That's the season I give the high rating to! (True there are still a lot of "liberties" taken in season 1 but the stories were more believable.)<br /><br />The subsequent seasons were a gawd-awful attempt of Melrose Place meets Top Gun! <br /><br />I was a Marine stationed at Miramar at the time and I remember them shooting the show around the San Diego area. I got to talk to Rod Rowland and James Brolin.<br /><br />Rowland's character was good to go.<br /><br />Brolin's character was good in the first season only. For some reason he slacked off after the first ep of the second season.<br /><br />If you want to see a LITTLE of how the Marine Air Ground team operates then season one is the one to watch.<br /><br />If you're into Melrose Place and soap opera like plots with an attempt to merge them into Top Gun then see the last two seasons.
critique1610 Tourist Trap is among my favorite late 70's/early 80's horror flicks. A group of young people are heading somewhere one pair in the car ahead & that car has a flat and our film opens with the young man Woody pushing the tire along looking for a service station. He finds a seemingly abandoned place and yet hears voices and investigates and ends up with a piece of pipe through his stomach for his efforts. Along comes the rest of the young folks (in a VW Thing) and they pick up Woody's girlfriend and find this very same place Slausen's Oasis or some such thing..and then Mr. Slausen happens along while the girls are enjoying a dip in the stream. Of course the VW Thing has mysteriously died at that point so odd Mr. Slausen (Chuck Connors) offers his help. Mr. Slausen has a museum with lots of wax figures and he lives in the museum but behind is a big house where he says Davey lives. And who is Davey? Why Davey Crockett he says...but if it were Davey Crockett they'd all probably be safer. The girls are left alone while Slausen goes to help with fixing the car but of course curiosity gets the better of one & she goes to investigate and finds the house full of creepy mannequins and one rather animated one named...Davey. What follows is a rather creepy night of terror as one by one they're taken prisoner by Davey who says he's Slausen's brother. One girl (kidnapped earlier) is treated to a plaster facial which results in her death when it covers up her air supply. At any rate there's somewhat of a twist to this and kind (but weird) Mr. Slausen is not exactly what he appears to be. A good creepy late 70's horror flick and lots of mannequins make for a very creepy atmosphere. 7 out of 10.
critique1611 Soylent Green I found to be an excellent movie.<br /><br />If you like Logan's Run you'll like this.<br /><br />Yes the movie is old and there are no special effects and some of the acting can somewhat be best described as "cheesy" but the story is excellent.<br /><br />The story of how the world can be and its impact on society is very poignant.<br /><br />At the end the mystery wasn't a mystery but the story unfolded in an easy at the right pace.<br /><br />It's nearest modern day equivalent would be "Dark Angel" in terms of how the US is shown to be third-world country.
critique1612 This film certainly wasn't very sophisticated. No the humor was in fact pretty dumb now that I think about it. But also while I think of it I did laugh--proving decent comedy doesn't need to be very deep.<br /><br />Fatty Arbuckle is the definite star of this short despite Buster Keaton's appearing in the film as well. He is the butcher in an old-time grocery store. A lot of silly stuff occurred in the store and I think I laughed the most at the coffee grinder sequence--you'll just have to see it yourself.<br /><br />Anyway later Fatty's girlfriend is forced to go to a girls' school and because he can't stand to part he dresses in drag and infiltrates the school. Arbuckle is one ugly woman! So for silly and unsophisticated fun see this film. It won't change your life and is a very slight picture but it's also fun.
critique1613 They had me from the first show.<br /><br />Welcome to Trinity County. A sleepy little Mayberry-like place with one slight difference. The sheriff is really Satan. There's the spoiler. Not like you wouldn't figure it out in 10 minutes anyway.<br /><br />Oh but that's not all. It turns out that Satan has a son named Caleb. Some people are trying to keep him good but it's an uphill battle. Sheriff Buck (Satan) knows who Caleb is and likes to spend time with him teaching him the ways of darkness. Subtle. Sneaky. He doesn't always come off as evil. Most of the time he's a hero. Everyone owes him a big favor because he often sets up a calamity and saves them from it. So every time you think someone will finally take him down one of his friends comes out of nowhere to sabotage it.<br /><br />In one of my favorite episodes Lucas and Caleb were out in the woods in a cabin and some guys with guns decided to rob them. Lucas used it as an excuse to teach Caleb a lesson about evil.<br /><br />The robber (Ted) was hesitant to shoot them. Lucas told Caleb that Ted had half a conscience. If he had no conscience he would have shot them by now. If he had a real conscience he never would have become a criminal. So he started calling him Half-Ted. It was pretty funny. He was taunting the criminals. And of course he stayed 10 steps ahead of Half-Ted at all times. And of course he was in complete control at all times. They actually had you favoring Satan.<br /><br />Very very excellent show. it was one of my favorite horror shows of all time. Twilight Zone Night Stalker Circle of Fear American Gothic Supernatural<br /><br />That's good company.
critique1614 Despite of the success in comedy or drama the Turkish directors are failure in horror-thriller. "Okul-D@bbe" are good examples for the awful horror Turkish films.<br /><br />But if you watch "Gen" you will understand that it is a strike. The atmosphere of the movie is impressive and dark. Also the special features are colorful and not cheap. The soundtracks fit the movie but the script is not totally perfect and the theme of the movie is ordinary.<br /><br />As a result "Gen" does not add any difference to horror movies but it does not disappoint thriller fans. In this respect it is a success for Yesilcam and Turkey. (7/10)
critique1615 Peter O'Toole is a treat to watch in roles where the lines he speaks are good and offer a chance for him to swagger in drunken stupor. The lovely Susannah York provides a good foil for O'Toole's dramatic presence.<br /><br />The film alludes to incest--without a single explicit scene--but it is able to entertain the viewer in its raucous social commentary. Though this is not major film by any reckoning it will be remembered for its entertaining performances. <br /><br />Even York signing the papers at the end is a treat to watch exuding tragedy silently. The possible weakness here is Thompson's laid-back direction. But the film floats because of the actors and the script.<br /><br />I saw the film twice over a period of 20 years--on both occasions with the name "Brotherly love". "Country dance" is a rather farcical and inappropriate title for this movie wherever it was released as such.
critique1616 Sure it has its pretentious moments it plays like art-house live-action Fantasia but it also has moments of deep beauty and humor. Omnibus films are always a problem but I have always had a keen interest in them. I will now rate the segments individually.<br /><br />Nicolas Roeg - "Un ballo in maschera" - This segment may very well spoil the film for some people because it is absolutely the worst of the whole bunch. It is difficult to follow mostly because it tries to adhere to a clear plot (a hackneyed one at that). The photography is unaccomplished. The best thing about it is the bit of Lesbian homoerotica that it never does enough with. This segment made me VERY nervous about continuing. 2/10.<br /><br />Charles Sturridge - "La virgine degli angeli" - an unclear segment but it hardly matters. The film has the best cinematography of the bunch mainly because it is in a stunning black and white. The segment is dreamlike and beautiful. 7/10.<br /><br />Jean-Luc Godard - "Armide" - I chose to brave this much-maligned film for the Godard and Altman segments. With Godard I was much more impressed than I thought I would be. I can't claim to have seen all that many of his films since he made so many that almost no one has seen but judging from what I have seen this may be his best work since the 60s. It is the funniest segment in this film and the most artistically accomplished. Bravo Jean-Luc! 9/10.<br /><br />Julien Temple - "Rigoletto" - a very funny segment it is also quite predictable. Still this story about a husband and wife who are cheating on each other at the same resort is wonderfully filmed with long complex tracking shots that depend on precisely timed choreography from the actors. It also has a great self-referencing joke about omnibus films themselves. The final scene is very weak. 7/10.<br /><br />Bruce Beresford - "Die tote Stadt" - this short segment involves too lovers in (I think) Venice. It is pretty with some nice shots of doves flying about the city. It is slight but nice. 7/10.<br /><br />Robert Altman - "Les BorÃƒÂ©ades" - not one of the better segments unfortunately this is more of a music video than a concept short film. It involves the occupants of an insane asylum attending a theatrical performance. The music and images work well together so at least I can give it credit for being a good music video. 7/10<br /><br />Franc Roddam - "Liebestod" - somewhat unfortunate for Beresford's segment this segment is very similar to it. As you might assume from my phrasing this one struck me much more. It is about a young man and his girl going to Las Vegas on a fatalistic voyage. 8/10.<br /><br />Ken Russell - "Nessun dorma" - maybe the most visually striking segment it plays in a fantasy world more than in reality. It is a beautiful tale of a fallen angel. 8/10.<br /><br />Derek Jarman - "Depuis le jour" - I have heard a lot about Jarman and this is the first piece of filmmaking I have seen from him. Hopefully I'll see more in the future. This one is also music-videoish but it is better than Altman's segement. It mainly concerns an old woman remembering her younger days. The editing and the use of different film stocks to represent both time and emotion are very beautiful. 8/10.<br /><br />Bill Bryden - "I pagliacci" - the sad clown possibly one of the most famous arias (particularly memorable from an episode of Seinfeld) this serves as the material separating each segement and the finale. It is simple and effective. 7/10.<br /><br />Overall I give it a solid 7/10. It isn't anywhere near as bad as you've heard.
critique1617 Ghoulies 4 is pretty ghoulish sequel. The ghoulies look very different from the first three ghoulies but there still cool. There are some nice flash backs from Ghoulies the first movie. Jonathan is back once again in this one. He wasn't in parts 2 or 3 though. The movie is low budget at times but fun to watch. You've got Tony Cox as the Dark Ghoulie and Arturo Gil as the Light Ghoulie. The ghoulies in this movie are actually good guys instead of evil like in the first three movies. Both Ghoulies are pretty funny characters in the movie. Then you've got the very hot Alexandra! It's a great dark comedy and funny! Any fan of the ghoulies movies will enjoy watching Ghoulies 4. The DVD is finally coming out this July 2007! Hopefully one day Ghoulies III will be on DVD in the USA. I'd really like to see a sequel to this movie one day too. I doubt it will happen though. It's 2007 now and no sign of a sequel yet. If there ever is a sequel I hope Jim Wynorski will make it.<br /><br />I give Ghoulies IV a 9/10
critique1618 I actually though that Black Snake Moan was great movie which takes place in the south. The story follows a man named Lazarus whose wife dumps him for his brother and finds Rae abandoned and beaten up on the side of the road. Lazarus finds out that Rae is a sex addict and was abused as a child so he decides to take matters into his own hands by tying up Rae with a chain to cure her of her wickedness. Samuel L Jackson and Christina Ricci have great chemistry together and their performances make you believe that through their struggles and search for redemption that Lazarus and Rae become best friends. I was also amazed by Sam's ability to play an electric guitar and being able to sing. S Epatha Merrkensen is great as Lazarus' love interest Angela Justin Timberlake plays Rae's boyfriend Ronnie who is underused in the film but does the best that he can to deliver a fine performance.
critique1619 Reading the comments I am struck by the obvious effect this wonderful film has on viewers. But how can you watch this movie and not reflect that the artful dialog was a subtle and oh so daring rebuke to the authorities "in control" in what was then the USSR at that moment in history? It wasn't the souls only in the time and place of the action being revealed. The questions superficially asked are nakedly provocative when directed to the here and now. Who are the real "collaborators"? I marvel that the writer stayed out of prison. I read somewhere that great stress can be a catalyst for producing great art. This film is a masterpiece of misdirection apparently pointing one way while asking the audience to "look over my shoulder at what I'm really talking about." What courage.
critique1620 This episode of Twilight Zone combines a silent section (1890) with melodramatic acting and sight gags an homage to the early Buster Keaton films. Lots of slapstick: Buster falling on a bulkhead door falling in a puddle running around pants-less. Silly scientist's invention of a Time Helmet reminiscent of a Flash Gordon idea of what the future would be. Cheap prices like $1.95 for ladies hats or 17 cents a pound for beef seem outrageously high to Buster. Even the world of 1890 is too much for Buster/Mulligan. How shocking when he is mistakenly transported to the "modern" world of 1960! Buster was trying to go backwards! The "scientist" of that time wants to return to a calmer world the 1890 that he has studied and admired. They go back together and Buster/Mulligan is now happy and the "scientist" regrets not having electronic equipment modern beds or an electric blanket. So Buster sends him back with the crazy helmet.<br /><br />This Twilight Zone doesn't have a heavy message. Since Buster Keaton died in 1966 it is one of his last efforts. That's enough.<br /><br />One other cute thing--longtime underutilized Maytag Man Jesse White is a repairman who fixes the Time Helmet--foreshadowing his washing machine career.
critique1621 Last evening I had the remarkable pleasure of seeing the movie Hitch. I was stunned and amazed. Will Smith did a phenomenal job in a role that he isn't always associated with. He proved once and for all that he does not need to be holding a gun to be a great actor in a movie. Kevin James was also very impressive. I admit that I've always like him on "The King of Queens" but this role really brought him into the light more and i hope to see him on the big screen a lot more in the near future. The movie was funny and adorable and I recommend it to any guy as the best date movie you could ever imagine. The mix of comedy romance and drama left me feeling complete. It's nothing like most "chick flicks" in the sense of tears and sadness but holds its own and i think can be equally enjoyed by males as well as females. I encourage all couples especially to see this movie but even if you aren't involved with someone you may pick up some great ideas from Hitch. <br /><br />TWO WAY BIG THUMBS UP!!!
critique1622 This is a hard movie to come by in the US but if you can find it -- and you're interested in the life and music of Percy Aldridge Grainger you're in for a treat. It's quite historically accurate. Richard Roxborough's Grainger looks astoundingly like Grainger at this period in time. Emily Woof's Karen Holten is quite a bit prettier than the real Karen but that was an inaccuracy I was happy to discover (!). I think what really struck me though was how well Roxborough captured Grainger's outrageous personality. Barbara Hershey's Rose was also a treasure. If she looks considerably younger than Rose did at that period it is more than made up for in how well she captured Rose's obsession with Percy. It's an easy film to recommend. (I should note that when she saw "Passion" my wife had no particular affinity for (or knowledge of) Grainger and his music but she was totally captivated by the film.
critique1623 Set during the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 this story has all the suspense of a good cold war book or movie as a multinational group of foreigners attempt to smuggle Jason Robards out of Hungary into Austria. However three things complement the story making this an extremely good movie.<br /><br />First the actors use the actual languages of their roles. The Russian soldiers speak only Russian; the Hungarians only Hungarian; the Germans only German except to the minimal extent to tell the story. Since Debra Kerr is English she speaks only English and of course Yul Brynner and a few others essential to the story also speak heavily accented English. As a result the empathy of the audience to the travelers becomes paramount. The viewer shares all the confusion and suspense of being involved in an illicit border crossing when he/she cannot understand any of the languages spoken around them. Very powerful feelings are aroused in the audience and notwithstanding the heavy use of foreign languages the audience is never at a loss for following the film. No subtitles are necessary.<br /><br />Second. I was in Hungary in 1995 and I'm telling you this movie has it right on. From the gypsy music overpowering the dinner meal to the underground caverns in the buildings where much of the action takes place to the village scenes the realism is incredible. If I didn't eat in the actual restaurant in the movie I ate at its double. I thought that I actually walked down the main street in that village. (Actually the film was shot in Austria).<br /><br />Third and most important this movie reunites Deberah Kerr and Yul Brynner (after The King and I) and the magnetism between them as the story unfolds is nothing short of Oscar qualified. Of course Yul already received an Oscar for playing that relationship so the Acadamy wasn't going to give him another one but that is the quality of the film. Don't miss this one.
critique1624 I know that there are some purists out there who poo poo anything that is not exactly like the original however sometimes spin-offs can stand on their own merits. I like the new Iron Chef because it is similar enough to the Japanese version but at the same time caters to American spirit. I love Alton Brown as commentator because he explains things with flair. The Iron Chefs themselves are very interesting. I know the originals were probably the best chefs on the planet at the time but Bobby Flay is the only American Iron Chef to beat them. Mario Batali seems to have the most fun when cooking making comments and being flashy while creating. I have watched the series and find all the players work together well. The judges are not always the best choices however. There are a few exceptions like the lawyer turned foodie but most of the judges are questionable in being able to handle what is served. I enjoy watching the chefs hustle and the challengers are surprising. The food at the end always looks amazing and sometimes it inspires me in the kitchen. Perhaps that is all anyone can ask to want to really eat what is served. The only thing I would really change about the series is to ask folks on the show to lighten up a little. Sometimes the mood becomes a bit too tense and that isn't always fun to watch when you are expecting more amusement. I liked the version with William Shatner (Iron Chef USA) because it was so over-the-top like the original but I can tell it was a pretty expensive proposition. I wish he had stayed with this version and been the host - between Bill Shatner and Alton Brown that would have me grinning for an hour. As long as you don't expect the original Japanese version and can accept this series on its own merits you may find it to be an enjoyable hour.
critique1625 Have you seen The Graduate? It was hailed as the movie of its generation. But A River Runs Through It is the story about all generations. Long before Dustin Hoffman's character got all wrapped up in the traps of modern suburbia Norman Maclean and his brother Paul were facing the same crushing pressures of growing up as they tried to find their place in the world. But how could a place like post WW1 Montana be a showcase for the American family at a time when the Wild West still was not completely gone? Just what has Maclean tapped into that strikes so deeply at who we all are and what we have to go through to find ourselves? As the movie opens Norman is an old man flyfishing beside a rushing river trying to understand the course his own life has taken. The movie is literally a journey up through his own stream of consciousness against time's current and back to when he was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were the sons of a Presbyterian minister and devoted mother. The parents fit snugly into their roles. Mom takes care of house and home. Dad does the work of the Lord. The boys ponder what they will be when they grow up. Norm has it narrowed down to a boxer or a minister like his dad. Given the choice little Paul would be the boxer since he's told his first choice of pro flyfisherman doesn't even exist. The boys grow up and get into trouble with their pranks fight to see who is tougher and do the things brothers do all the while attending church and taking part in all other spiritual matters like flyfishing. They are at similar points in their lives before college. But when Norm returns from his six years at Dartmouth things are very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master flyfisherman. Grad of a nearby college and newspaper reporter who knows every cop on the beat and every judge on the bench. Norman is stunningly well educated for his day but has little idea what to do with his life even as his father grills him about what he intends to do. You're left feeling that at least to Pops God will call you to your life's work. But you have to stay open and ready to receive it -- all your life. Father has always taken his boys to reflect by the side of the river and contemplate God's eternal words. "Listen" their father urges. It's both Zen and Quakerly. Pretty radical for a stoic clergyman. But with all the beauty and contemplation and even though the Macleans are truly a God-fearing scripture-heeding household how is it that Rev. Maclean's family is unraveling? Paul is true perfection as he fishes the river but he's feeling the pull of gambling and boozing while his family doesn't know how to keep him from winding up where he seems to be headed. Mom Dad and Brother all seem to have the same quiet desperation of not knowing what they should be doing and why they can't seem to help. Pauly just waves it all off with a grin and his irresistible charm. But the junior brother is losing his grip. Norman starts getting his life on track finding love and career but Paul continues to slide. The family that loves him watches helplessly. Mother Father Brother flounder in their own ways trying to help but none very effectively. How can a family that loves each other so much be so ill-equipped to handle this? How can someone be so artful and full of grace when out in God's nature yet be somehow unfit or unwilling to fit into the constructs of society that God's peoples have made for themselves? These are all questions Norman will ponder his entire life. The eternal words beneath the smooth stones of the river forever haunt him yet keep their secrets. The movie is beautiful to watch. This is certainly God's country and filming it won an Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays with the story from the book and teases the narration a bit to follow the emotional pattern he's presenting and it works well. But do go back and read the book too. You'll see Norman made connections with his old man even deeper than the movie can suggest -- and you'll see the places where the storyteller's very words gurgle and sing right off the page with an exuberance of a river running through it leading into the unknown.
critique1626 Bon Voyage is fun for the audience because it combines the requisite silliness of a comedy with just enough sobriety to keep viewers actively engaged and invested in the outcome. Most importantly though the film is also historically instructive; it captures the tension of the so-called "phony war" and later the French aristocracy's flight from Paris ahead of the German onslaught. Yet Bon Voyage is not a "war movie." It is a comedy about the lives of a handful of people set against the backdrop of extraordinary times. Bon Voyage conveys the chaos confusion and emotional bewilderment of a nation of the brink of collapse and the wide spectrum of French reactions to the new political order. This film is a comedy which entertains the audience a romance which skillfully utilizes many clichÃƒÂ©s and a story of a handful of people whose nation is collapsing around them.
critique1627 I tend to fall in and out of love with anime as the more you watch the more you notice a lot of shows are just poor copies of the few gems or rehashes of old formulas. But every once in a while one of the true gems comes along and it's originality just blows you away. Haruhi is truly one of those shows. Many anime series are originally manga and sometimes the translation into an animated show is rather poorly done and doesn't utilize the benefits animation has over static drawings. Haruhi is actually based on a series of light novels and fires on all cylinders beautiful animation great voice acting great music and a complete and well paced story. Watch it you won't be disappointed and I'd suggest watching it in broadcast order it works so much better that way.
critique1628 I recently rented the animated version of The Lord of the Rings on video after seeing the FANTASTIC 2001 live action version of the film. The Lord of the Rings live action trilogy directed by Peter Jackson will undoubtably be far better than George Lucas' Star Wars "prequel" trilogy (Episodes 1-3) will ever be as the real fantasy film series of the 21st century!<br /><br />I remember seeing the animated version as a child and I didn't quite understand the depth of the film at that time. Now that I have read the books I understand what the whole storyline is all about. To be sure some of the characters are quite silly (Samwise Gangee is particularly annoying almost as much as Jar Jar Binks in Star Wars Episode One (AWFUL!)) but I have to say it follows the book rather closely and it goes into part of book two The Two Towers. The good things are that the action is somewhat interesting and some of the animation is quite remarkable for it's time. The bad things are that it ends upruptly halfway through The Two Towers without any result of Frodo's quest to destroy the one ring and the animation looks quite dated compared to today's standards. <br /><br />Overall not AS bad as many say it is. BUT the 2001 live action version is the new hallmark of The Lord of the Rings! At least Ralph Bakshi took the script seriously! Peter Jackson has said that the animated version inspired him to read the books which in turn caused him to create one of the greatest fantasy series ever put on film so we can at least thank Ralph Bakshi for that matter! I'll take the animated version of Lord of the Rings over the live version of Harry Potter anyday!<br /><br />A 7 out of a scale of 1-10 far LESS violent than the 2001 live action version but NOWHERE near as good! For diehard fans of the books and film versions of The Lord of the Rings.
critique1629 dear god where do i begin. this is bar none the best movie i've ever seen. the camera angles are great but in my opinion the acting was the best. why the script writers for this movie aren't writing big budget films i will never understand. another is the cast. it is great. this is the best ted raimi film out there for sure. i know some of you out there are probably thinking "no way he has plenty better" but no your wrong. raptor island is a work of art. i hope it should have goten best movie of the year instead of that crappy movie Crash with a bunch of no names AND no raptors. i believe this movie is truly the most wonderful thing EVER.
critique1630 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1631 A man named Jerry comes into possession of an ancient Aztec doll.However this creepy little figure is possessed by an evil spiritwhich takes over Jerry's body and pushes him to spill the blood...I have seen two other horror movies "The Dorm that Dripped Blood" and "The Kindred" made by Stephen Carpenter and Jeffrey Obrow and I must say that "The Power" doesn't disappoint either.The plot is slow-movingbut there are some effective human goo effects and a little bit of gore.The scene of a female tabloid reporter being attacked by arms that come ripping out of a mattress is a hoot.I liked this low-budget horror movie and you should tooif you are into 80's horror genre.8 out of 10.
critique1632 I sat down to watch this film with much trepidation and little hope. I didn't think it would be possible for this film to live up to its subject matter. But it absolutely did and then some. First I must say that Jared Harris did an extraordinary job as John Lennon. At times it seemed that Harris was channeling Lennon. The resemblance was often uncanny and he clearly studied Lennon's mannerisms and vocal inflections. Aiden Quinn was quite good as McCartney also bearing a striking resemblance to Macca although he did occasionally trip over his Scouse accent.<br /><br />This work of fiction was well-written and well-directed. It was pure fantasy of course but sometimes I felt like a voyeur peeking through a keyhole at this reunion. The rooftop scene was especially moving as McCartney told Lennon what he had never heard as a child--that he was worthy and important and it could never be his fault that he was abandoned by his parents. I also enjoyed the scene in the park where the pair of them danced with absolute abandon to the reggae band!<br /><br />My one complaint would be this: I am not so sure that John was as caustic as he was portrayed in the film at this stage in his life. He had settled in to his domestic situation quite nicely and he was actually known to be quite friendly when approached by fans. Only a few years later he was very friendly when he was first approached by his assassin for an autograph on the day he was murdered.<br /><br />Mostly this film served to stir up those feelings again about what might have been had John lived a bit longer. I am quite sure the Beatles would have come back together at some stage. And I am quite certain that Lennon and McCartney would still be friends today.<br /><br />Well done VH1. I will watch it again and again.<br /><br />
critique1633 This is an excellent movie and should be presented every year during the holidays @ Christmas! Beautiful with great acting. John Denver at his best ie sincere kind talented and natural. The town is Georgetown Colorado and every bit as lovely as in the story.
critique1634 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1635 I am continuously amazed at the US networks. What is the matter with them? Yet another very very promising series axed after just 15 episodes and we are left not knowing what the hell happens to everyone. I really thoroughly enjoyed this show and am so annoyed that we will never find out what happens to the characters and the 'monsters' from the deep. This show had everything. Humour suspense action. What more could you want. Why oh why did the pull the plug on this? It just doesn't make sense. Buffy went on for 7 series as did Charmed and enjoyable as they were Surface Invasion and Dead Like Me were even better. Just because a show does not get terribly high ratings doesn't mean it's rubbish and if they gave it a bit longer probably more people would catch on to it and they would end up with a big hit on their hands. One season just does not give it enough time to catch on and the networks are far to eager to pull the plug. They should learn that like fine wines and cheeses they take time to mature.<br /><br />Bring Surface and Invasion back - P L E A S E !!!!!!!
critique1636 Went out with my friends and saw this movie last weekend here in London. We didn't know what to expect the poster gave some of it away and I won't say any more so as not to spoil the plot but we found it to be an excellent film with great acting convincing plot and scary as hell! Having done some research on the making of the film I have to hand it to those guys the filmmakers actors writers etc. for having put together such a film with such limited resources. Post-production very well done too. For all of that I give them a 10 out of 10 and I hope they will continue their fine work. Keep it up guys. You rock!
critique1637 This is a great example of very none Hollywood film making which is very thought provoking moving and not without a sense of humor Kevin McKidd and Paula Sage are superb. <br /><br />I actually watched it on late night TV and I can see why I missed it in the cinema its not the sort of film that the multi-screen "mega" cinemas show nowadays mores the pity. <br /><br />I am going to look for the DVD. Not for those who prefer the current trend towards special effects and no story. If you liked the best selling book "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time" you'll enjoy this film. <br /><br />This film ranks beside the best of Scottish films such as "Small Faces" and "trainspotting". All films which Kevin McKidd also star in. <br /><br />Highly Recommended.
critique1638 The Shooter was a different type of film for Michael Dudikoff. Although normally associated with action flicks that incorporate martial arts this film  because it was a western enabled him to display that he is a far more capable actor than certain formula story lines have allowed.<br /><br />The major problem of course is that the film does not allow any solid character development. The fleshing in is really left to the viewer . We can only guess at the sadness that has made the Shooter whose real name is Michael Atherton the killer that he is- a killer mind you that a little town terrorized by a local bully welcomes as a hero who can release it from its misery.
critique1639 Yes I did as I sit here red-faced remembering having felt almost guilty as I watched it a couple of weeks back while my wife chose to watch something as inconsequential (in comparison) as "Mommie Dearest."<br /><br />How does one explain the appeal of "Batman and Robin" - I mean the only ones who ever really counted Adam West and Burt Ward. It was a terrible show with terrible plots and terrible acting - and oh yes it was terribly funny! And the same applies to this "reunion" and "flashback" movie. Adam and Burt are invited to an auction where the old Batmobile is going to be sold off for charity. But it gets stolen and our pals (as themselves) jump into their old characters' personas (if not their costumes) and head off to find out what's happened. Along the way they reminisce about the series and we see how it all came together in flashbacks with Jack Brewer and Jason Marsden playing the young Adam and Burt of the TV series. It really was quite interesting to get some behind the scenes looks at the old series and Adam and Burt just stepped perfectly back into character (even though they weren't really in character - well you'd have to watch it to see what I mean.) It was also great to see Julie Newmar and Frank Gorshin.<br /><br />If you're not a fan of the old series you'll hate this. If - heaven forbid - you actually thought Michael Keaton and George Clooney made acceptable "Batmans" then you'll hate this even more. But if you grew up with Adam and Burt and are still willing to admit that you never missed an episode - well this one's for you.<br /><br />Yes it's true - 9/10
critique1640 This is a good movie but it is not recommended if you don't like intelligent movies. It's about two guys that wish that the world would go awayand that's exactly what they get. The acting is great the ending was not predictableand it actually had a good story unlike most movies these days. People complain about the movie being too simple or too boring. I think they should just stick to movies like The Toxic Avenger (I actually like B movies) or The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy. One note: If you notice this this has exactly the same actors from Cube except four actors. Make it two notes: Wait after the credits (Trust me on this one). Enjoy the movie.
critique1641 This is not a good movie but I still like it. The cat Clovis is gold in a jar as well as the premise of the cats themselves - intrinsically opposed to the evil Sleepwalkers. I think there is more to this movie than people realize basically it is very harsh but this brusqueness can sometimes be good. It's got the corny lines the abrupt ending and a comedic element conveyed by the bumbling policemen.<br /><br /> Did anyone find the incestuous element a bit disturbing? Ultimately this movie is casually and randomly acrimonious which is quite effective I liken it to Psycho - the relationship between the mother and son the changing of protagonists. I think the abruptness works also this is not a movie that you want them to lengthen it only works if it's short.<br /><br />I'm still not sure whether the director lacked depth or whether he did these things with purpose we know Stephen King has ability yet I haven't even read his books only seen some of his movies.<br /><br />Anyway I liked it. If you like harsh corny movies with 80's overtones just watch it. but don't expect too much. It really is so bad its good.
critique1642 The movie shows many feelings and emotions that are very strong and personal. The atmosphere in the movie is very tense and sad. You can really get a clear picture of what the main character is going through and how he is responding to the world around him. I think it is a great movie and that everybody should see it.<br /><br />
critique1643 The world at war is one of the best documentaries about world war 2. <br /><br />The 24 episodes cover the war and what it was like in the countries involved in it. The first episode tells us how the Hitler came to power and how he was able to build up one of the strongest armies in the world. They also fucus on the military actions taken during the war and the holocaust. One of the strongest and best documentaries ever made. All of you must watch this. Perfection! 10/10<br /><br />
critique1644 For sheer quality of performance and the "theater of the absurd" this one is hard to compare to anything else. With the world melting down in the early '70s this film made perfect sense then and still resonates. George Scott could never be typecast.
critique1645 10 ITEMS OR LESS was made in two weeks on a shoestring budget by writer/director Brad Silberling just a little film shot in Carson CA that feels like the entire story was improvised...in the best sense of the word. Silberling had the good fortune to pair veteran actor Morgan Freeman in between his big projects with Spanish actress Paz Vega and the result is a dialogue between two people from different vantages who manage to enhance the life of the other.<br /><br />Morgan Freeman plays himself - yet part of the comedy is that he is depicted as an actor who has been out of work for four years scouting a location for a little 'filler film' to get back into the flow of things. His 'role' is to be that of a market manager and he is dropped off at seedy market in Carson where he encounters among others one Scarlet the girl at the argumentative 10 Items or Less checkout line. Not only is Scarlet tired of her static job she is also generally angry about her philandering husband (Bobby Cannavale) currently sleeping with Scarlet's lazy co-worker (Anne Dudek) and her lack of ability to get a decent job elsewhere. The two pair after a few shared problems and off they go on a 'road trip' that results in each of the characters growing from the presence and life story of the other.<br /><br />It is a simple story simply told but because of the tender bonding between Freeman and Paz it works very well. This is one of those little films about human relationships where being vulnerable to change and exchange is the message. It is well worth viewing and this is a DVD that has featurettes that are touching informative and comic - a pleasure to view. Grady Harp
critique1646 People forget that there have been several King Kong ripoffs- Congo King Kong Vs. Godzilla King Kong (1976) they all ripoff one another but YETI stands on its own. It only borrows one element from King Kong and that is the animal's attraction with one female.<br /><br />The YETI myth is based on Bigfoot (not like King Kong)and archeologists have been fascinated it at one time they did existbut there is no scientific data to prove it.<br /><br />This movie is hard to find but its worth watching it. The first time I watched it was on "Elvira's Mistress of the Dark Shows" in the early 1980's. It sent chills down my spine as a kid especially when the YETI got mad. I saw it again around 1:00am on ABC about 2 to 3yrs ago. Seeing it again made me appreciate it more it has some overall good effects (for its time) and the story involves a mute boy and his dog and an evil businessman person who wants to kill the YETI for his own purposes. Also the music is pretty coolits very YETI like. :-)<br /><br />Gianfranco Parolini and the Yetians creates a great monster like atmosphere.<br /><br />Vote 7 and half out of 10.
critique1647 I watch this movie without big expectations I think everyone should do. It's a great Tv-serie and of course we couldn't compare it with Gone With the wind but it's still nice to watch. It's also weird to see a different Scarlett. Joanne Whalley don't play Scarlett with passion and fire like Vivien Leigh but I believe that Scarlett is changed when she became older. Don't expect to much of this just watch but don't watch like: I think this would be horrible.
critique1648 does anybody know why this movie is called the couch trip? i was just watching it and am still not sure why this title was picked the movie was very funny and its probably my favorite Dan Aykroyd performance it even beats out his Ghostbusters performance i had never heard of the movie before i seen it in a sears store i read the back and thought it sounded good so i bought and when i finally got a chance to watch it i thought it was better than what i had originally expected. this movie rates as good as animal house and national lampoon's vacation in my mind i wish comedies that have come out lately were written as well as this one was nothing sad happens in it and the bad stuff that does happen are also funny parts if anyone else feels this way and would like to read a comedy script for a movie that doesn't have a sad situation in it email me at killer2511@hotmail.com
critique1649 I'm Italian and when I've recently looked again this film I astonished for its beauty: the first time I was 10 years old and I liked it but today I can appreciate it with adult mind and feelings. Now I can understand it was a masterpiece of a special season of the Italian cinema (Pasolini etc.) by that time gone. <br /><br />The Hollywood epic films are good...for fun. Perhaps this 'Odyssey' had no English version because is not enough funny... not suitable for pop-corn and coke audience. However suitable for Homer pathos and existentialist reflections.<br /><br />In Italy was recently released a very good DVD version: INTEGRAL with excellent colors. You can find it in some file sharing but it's Italian only and without subtitles. Too bad: also the dialogs and the voices of this film are remarkable.
critique1650 In my opinion October Sky is one of the best movies of 1999...It totally has everything an emotional drama movie would need like wonderful story and good character interactions. October Sky will remain in heart for as long as I can remember and I just have to say a very special thanks to those who have created this film.
critique1651 David Tennant and Sarah Parish's brilliant acting had me in tears as many of the scenes were so familiar to me. My husband suffered a sub-arachnoid haemorrhage in 1977 and required a major operation which involved lifting his brain and plugging the leak. Like Tricia I was naive enough to expect that he would return to being his former self. After over 25 years of loving and caring for him he abandoned me without warning to go and live with a woman he hardly knew. He then petitioned for and I am now going through a divorce. I do hope the programme helped people to understand what it is like to cope with brain injury.
critique1652 Sometime ago I watched a video of Paul Thomas Anderson in which he express the big interest that he has in porn films and how this industry could've produce better films and in consequence a complete genre and not just sex in video tape. Paul Thomas Anderson put his own believes of porn industry in the character played in a terrific way by Burt Reynolds. His name is Jack Horner a director whose biggest dream is to make a "real" film that can keep the viewer in suspense because of the great dramatic story and at the same time exciting with the beautyÃ‚Â… and with the "big cocks and tits". Soon as he meets Eddie Adams (Mark Walhberg) he believes that he has found the new star for his films. And that's how the story of the young Eddie in the porn industry begins.<br /><br />The film begins with a sequence inside a night club where we can see all the persons that will be part of Eddie's life and later we can see them outside the porn industry living their daily routine. But soon we can see them inside the porn industry and after only one party the story of the new Eddie begins the story of Dirk Diggler. All of them will taste the real success with Dirk as the main star winning lots of prizes and helping Jack to make real his biggest dream with a series of films about Brock Landers the new character of Dirk. This sort of exploitation films are an amazing success and for Jack are his firsts "real" films. But here is the beginning of the end and the beginning of the "horrible 80's" when there is going to be $ex DRUGS and Rock & Roll for Dirk and pals. But we all know that the excesses can destroy any person and the erectile dysfunction can destroy any porn star and here the film focuses in their lives after the total success and how everybody is having a real bad time with many problems due to society's bad look to porn industry and to a period with many excesses. In Dirk's decadence after trying and failing in the music industry there's a brilliant sequence that can resume in a perfect way how the things are going for Dirk and his friends. That sequence is the one of his first drug deal with the appearance of Alfred Molina which ends in a total mess. Is funny for us and a terrible experience for Dirk and pals but there's always a solution if you get back in what you know and when Dirk is back Brock is back.<br /><br />Well I haven't mention most of the characters in my sort of a summary but I must say that all are amazingly well developed. The cast is just superb with the best performance that I have seen of Mark Walhberg. Julianne Moore has a powerful performance in a really moving character; Reilly Macy Hoffman Heather Graham Guzman etc are just memorable all of their characters with funny and sad moments.<br /><br />Finally I really love the amazing cinematic style of Anderson here with a unique view to the porn industry of the late 70's and early 80's. I used to say that "Magnolia" was my favourite of Anderson but right now after watching all except "Sidney" I can't say that I have a favourite because I love them all!<br /><br />PS: somewhere I read that this film is the "Scorsese film" of Anderson so I'm more than sure that if you love "Goodfellas" and "Casino" you will love this one too. I f*cking love "Boogie Nights"!
critique1653 First an explanation on what makes a great movie for me. Excitement about not knowing what is coming next will make me enjoy a movie the first time I watch it (case en point: Twister). There are also other things that go into a great first viewing such as good humor (John Candy in Uncle Buck and The Great Outdoors) good plot with good resolution (Madeline and Matilda) imaginative storytelling (all Star Wars episodes-George Lucas is THE MAN) and good music (again all Star Wars episodes Wizard of Oz Sound of Music). What makes me watch a movie at least six times in the theatre and buy a DVD or VHS tape? Characters. With that said I present Cindy Lou Who and The Grinch. Excellent performance Taylor Momsen and Jim Carrey. The rest of the cast was very good particularly Jeffery Tambor Bill Irwin Molly Shannon Christine Baranski and Josh Ryan Evans. But every single scene with Cindy and The Grinch-together is excellent and very funny and/or heartwarming. Cindy Lou is my favorite character in this movie and the most compelling reason why the movie is better than the cartoon. The Grinch has a strong plot good conflicts and a very good theme (I can't get started because I don't want to spoil it). Jim Carrey was very funny as The Grinch-particularly when he interacted with Cindy. And the music! Wow! Excellent music by James Horner. I loved his selection of instruments and the compositions. Very good job Jim Carrey-I didn't know you could sing. Taylor Momsen! Whoa! Your voice is reason enough to see the movie at least once. On your solo - Where Are You Christmas - is your voice really as high as it sounds? Sounds like an F#? That is an obscene range for a 7-year old (obscene meant in the best possible way). Great job. This is the best performance by a child I have ever heard in a movie(Taylor beat out the Von Trapp Children-no small feat!). And now to the actors. Jim Carrey was great funny and surprisingly very sensitive (this really showed through in his scenes with Taylor Momsen). Taylor Momsen's unspoken expressions(one of the secrets to a good acting performance) are very strong-she really becomes Cindy Lou Who. And when she does dialogue she is even stronger.<br /><br />******************************danger:spoiler alert********************* ***********************************************************************<br /><br />Examples: expression when she first sees The Grinch. This is a classic quote ("You're the the the" and then filled in with the Grinch line "da da da THE GRINCH-after which she topples into the sorter and then is rescued by The Grinch). The "Thanks for saving me" quote and subsequent response by The Grinch was also very good.<br /><br />My favorite part of the movie is when Cindy invites The Grinch to be Holiday Cheermeister. This scene is two excellent actors at their best interacting and expressing with each other. Little Taylor Momsen completely holds her own with Jim Carrey in this spot. I sincerely hope we see Taylor Momsen in many more films to come. All in all everything was great about this movie (except maybe the feet and noses).
critique1654 hey community! my question is about the song the pizza man wants Casey to play right after smoking that weed. not his "ragga application song" but the cozy one! thanks <br /><br />this page wants me to write 10 lines of text to be allowed to submit my comment. i don't know what else to ask but i'm just writing writing writing.<br /><br />hey community! my question is about the song the pizza man wants Casey to play right after smoking that weed. not his "ragga application song" but the cozy one! thanks <br /><br />this page wants me to write 10 lines of text to be allowed to submit my comment. i don't know what else to ask but i'm just writing writing writing.
critique1655 Personally I find the movie to be quite a good watch. It outlines the actual situation of triads in Hong Kong and gives the viewer a glimpse of how triads are organized.<br /><br />Not only that it also shows the viewer how the Hong Kong police control the triad situation and why the police don't just go all out and wipe out triads.<br /><br />Overall the movie is rather violent due to the gangland methods of killings & torture. Nevertheless the movie stays true to the real world thus the violence on screen is just a reflection of what really happens.<br /><br />I'd recommend this movie to any Triad/Mafia movie fan. Another good watch would be Dragon Squad. That movie has more guns than this as in this movie there's more knives than guns (in fact I don't remember seeing a single gun).
critique1656 A horror picture set ultimately to parody but still in it's play out could scare a few of those that are frailed nerved or easily disgusted when they see whats under their skin. I laughed at it though. It was easy to decipher the true killer and his acting didn't help. This only led to Potente looking even better. Anatomie is not much of a horror picture for those foreign of the genre but those contained should get a few unintentional laughs and an interesting peak at German horror cinema. 6/10
critique1657 Tomorrow Is Another Day is NOT the sequel to Gone with the Wind but a lovers-on-the-lam story and a surprisingly alert and moving one as well. For a supposed hack relegated to B-minus features like The Devil Thumbs A Ride Felix Feist proves adept at filling his work with unexpected inventive details. Steve Cochran leaves prison after 18 years for killing his brutal father when he was only 13 and now he's still a tentative gawky pubescent operating inside a man's hulky frame. Lonesome he visits a 10-cents-a-dance palace and falls for brassy grasping Ruth Roman. But the sudden shooting of her police-bigwig boyfriend causes the ill-matched couple to hit the road ending like the Joads in a California migrant-worker camp. <br /><br />Roman's the revelation; in her best-known role as Farley Granger's fiancee in Hitchcock's Strangers on a Train she was ill- and under-used. Here she modulates persuasively from bottle-blonde taxi dancer to sacrificing wife and mother-to-be (and a brunette to boot). Cochran's almost as good waffling between the suspicion of a wounded child and the explosive reactions of an under-socialized male. And the ending while unconvincing is nonetheless welcome. Along with They Live By Night and Gun Crazy Tomorrow Is Another Day displays a redeeming sweetness and warmth that belie its film-noir pedigree.
critique1658 I really liked this movie because I have a husband just like the guy in this movie. This movie is about Lindsey who meets Ben in the middle of winter when baseball season isn't in. She falls in love but when spring comes along she gets the shock of her life when she is placed one step lower on her pedestal that Ben has put her on.<br /><br />It's a funny movie with all of the baseball obsession that Ben has. He can't part from what he loves the most that's what makes it so funny and why so many women can relate to Lindsey in real life. Also the people he sits with at the baseball games are just as obsessed as he is.<br /><br />It's a funny movie and you won't strike out if you rent this one.
critique1659 Even after nearly 20 years apart the original members of Black Sabbath have not lost a thing. In this concert they perform their best songs from their heyday (1970-1978) including "N.I.B." "War Pigs" and "Paranoid".<br /><br />Also included is priceless backstage footage with interviews and retrospectives into their days as the top hard rock band on the planet. The comments of Ozzy Tony Iommi Geezer Butler and Bill Ward are just as interesting and intriguing to watch as the fabulous onstage performances.<br /><br />A must-see for all Sabbath and Ozzy fans.
critique1660 HOOT is about these three teenage kids who try to save a bunch of burrowing owls. now to me i thinks that right they stand up to whats right and whats wrong. in this film a kid name Roy Eberhardt ( Logan lerman)moved from Montana to Florida. and once he gets on the bus a bully name Dana Matherson starts bullying him finally the next day Roy punches the bully and runs off the bus chasing the mysterious running boy. after all that Roy finally meets the Running boy who's name is Mullet Fingers ( Cody linley) well actually his nickname his step-sister Beatrice ( Brie Larson) gave it to him because he can catch Mullets with his bare hands. anyway Mullet Fingers and Roy becomes friends and they join together with Beatrice to stop the construction of a new pancake restaurant. Mullet Fingers is the one behind all the vandalism's that happened there and also later he gets bit by one of the dogs that put there to guard the construction site. so they stood up to the muckle that was driving the bulldozer and everybody got to see the owls it turned out to be a great movie because it showed where kids can make a difference in life by standing up to whats right and whats wrong. thats what is great about this movie. it teaches a lot to everyone about wildlife and how important it is.
critique1661 A rich old lady calls on a flirtatious divorcÃƒÂ©e to woo a Lothario away from her silly soon-to-be-married granddaughter.<br /><br />LET US BE GAY is an interesting little domestic comedy which features some tart dialogue (courtesy of celebrated screenwriter Frances Marion) & good performances. While perhaps a bit mawkish at times this can probably be blamed on the difficulties with early sound technology which tended to limit action & movement.<br /><br />Norma Shearer can be credited with appearing in this minor film rather than using her undoubted clout as Irving Thalberg's spouse to insist upon only A-grade pictures. She is especially effective in her first few scenes where dowdy flat makeup makes her almost unrecognizable. Her extreme transmogrification from goose to swan could only happen in Hollywood but it's scarcely profitable to spend much time worrying about that.<br /><br />Rod LaRocque doesn't come off too well as Shearer's adulterous husband. Quite popular during Silent days the talkies were not especially kind to him and his career would suffer. Here his role is not in the least sympathetic and one has to wonder what masochistic impulse moves women to desire the cad so much.<br /><br />Magnificent Marie Dressler is on hand as an eccentric Long Island dowager. As a great friend of Frances Marion one can easily imagine that the part was written expressly for her. Full of cranks & crotchets she is very humorous. However the tremendous warmth & essential goodness which would very shortly make her Hollywood's biggest star are largely missing.<br /><br />Among the supporting cast Hedda Hopper scores as a slinky society serpent as does Wilfred Noy playing a comic butler. Movie mavens will spot little Dickie Moore as Shearer's young son & elderly Mary Gordon as her housekeeper both uncredited.
critique1662 I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls. his performance as awarded was stunning. the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop. Roeg proves again it doesn't have to be a war-setting to be interressting. In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast. Ruthlessnes and beauty go hand in hand while loneliness should become your best friend. It shows a more sinister past of a small golden age kingdom which lands on a coast full of wealth for a 1st world country if u send the right men. All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.
critique1663 I think it was Ebert who gave Stella four out of four stars but other than his I have never read a positive review of this sadly misunderstood drama about class divisions love and sacrifice (three themes most great romantic stories or films have in common).<br /><br />Here the major theme is class division. Stella is a story from depression era America. That said it was translated to the screen then in such a memorable fashion that this remake (if you ask a Stanwyck fan or two) was not exactly appreciated. Fans of the original never gave it a chance. Furthermore this version of Stella was made in the 1990s not exactly a time of great financial trouble in America (as the depression was).<br /><br />Now is the time to remove the rosy-coloured glasses in the midst of a new era of recession and poverty in America and see that this powerful story still rings true is as timely and relevant as ever in its updated format.<br /><br />Yes class divide is the major theme here. Stella is among the working poor single with big dreams but little hope of realizing those dreams. She works in a bar doesn't have much money lives in a crummy apartment. You get the drift. In the morning she doesn't really want to get out of bed. On her wall pictures of movie stars she idolizes.<br /><br />A man sees her dance at the bar. He's wealthy educated from one of those upper class families that has nothing in common with Stella's. His major concern is what ivy league college to attend her's is how to pay the rent how to be 'happy.' They have an affair. They like each other. Stella ends up pregnant. Stella tells the guy the news. His response? "How about an abortion?" She replies "I just wanted a room full of balloons." He supplies the balloons and the proposal but she sees his heart is not in it and has too much pride to accept. She sends him packing.<br /><br />Her daughter is eventually torn between the two lifestyles--the love she has for her mom and the advantages and happiness and love held out to her by her wealthy father. Stella alone and unloved and not wanting her daughter to become as unhappy as her someday makes the ultimate sacrifice. She gives up the only love and happiness she has ever known to ensure the happiness of her daughter and perhaps live vicariously and with hope knowing that at least her daughter found something to live for.<br /><br />Now for the movie. Everything is right about it. Beautiful score artful cinematography great set design (contrast between the two lifestyles; the messy apt. and the decorated mansions) wonderful and heartfelt performances by the whole cast with Bette Midler in particular Oscar-worthy.<br /><br />This is a film which is much more significant and well-made than you've been led to believe.
critique1664 I just saw "Behind Bedroom Doors" and this was the first softcore flick with a solid story behind it that I've seen in a while.<br /><br />We begin with two neighborly couples--Vivian and James Fenway (Julia Kruis and Eric Carrington) and Lillian and Gabe Harris (Nicole Sheridan and Chris Gustafson). Vivian appears to be a housewife James is a lawyer running for district attorney Lillian works in real estate and Gabe is a successful plastic surgeon. Got all that? Now let's get into it.<br /><br />Enter Abby played beautifully by porn star Chelsea Blue. She's renting the house across the street from the Fenways and lives all by herself. At the beginning of the movie James looks out his window and sees Abby engaged in playtime with her girlfriend Gigi (played by prolific pornstress Monique Alexander) and secretly begins to wonder what it would be like to be with her. The next day Abby gets acquainted with all four of them and appears to be a nice woman who just happens to be living an alternative lifestyle. She makes a pass at Vivian who seems startled and says to her "Oh...I'm...not that way." Everything seems okay...until the plan gets set in motion<br /><br />First Abby shows up at Gabe's office naked asking Gabe if she should get a boob job. This is where we get our quote of the movie:<br /><br />"Tell me about Gabe." "What do you want to know?" "Is Gabe happily married?" "I'm married." "There's trouble.....let me guess. Your wife stays at home and does everything you ask. But she's a good girl." "Yes." "She's not a bad girl?" "No." "Does that door have a lock on it?"<br /><br />You know what happens next....Abby gets it on with Gabe right there in the exam room. After that she puts on a little show in her window for James who comes over and wastes no time in having sex with her. What James doesn't know is that the teddy bear on the piano with the flashing red eye is really a camera taping all the festivities (it's so obvious anyway). Abby has sex with Gabe again later and this time Gigi joins in to make it a three-way. Now that Abby has something on both men she requests $100000 from each in order to buy her silence. Not only could she ruin James's run for office but she could destroy Gabe's practice.<br /><br />While Gabe and James wrestle with their guilt Abby finds time to seduce Lillian--who "experimented" with women in college. That was a long time ago but you wouldn't know that seeing her in action with Abby--she looked like an old pro.<br /><br />While Gigi goes along with the plan she's seems jealous of all the sex her girlfriend is having. "It's only business" Abby says. Confessions and apologies are sure to follow as is some startling info on Abby's true identity--it seems she's been doing the same thing to different men in many different places. Gabe and James use this info to fight back against Abby's blackmail.<br /><br />Now on to the sex. The sex scenes were pretty good and considering all the women involved in this film except for Julia Kruis have a lengthy porn background I wouldn't have expected anything less. Nicole Sheridan's four scenes were the best of the movie with the three-way coming in a close second. Monique Alexander only got naked once but she was a relatively minor character. Julia Kruis was a major character and got naked the same number of times. I suppose since she was surrounded by experienced hardcore pros she didn't have to have as many sex scenes.<br /><br />To wrap up "Behind Bedroom Doors" had a great storyline which enhanced the overall grade of the film. I consider it tapeworthy.<br /><br />Women: A- (Nicole Sheridan was good in this film--better than her later offerings in Fred Olen Ray's comedies. At least she can do drama somewhat. Chelsea Blue was a scene stealer--she wasn't that bad as the antagonist. I'd give her an A all by herself. Julia Kruis was her usual self. I wish Monique Alexander had more face time in this film though.)<br /><br />Sex: B (Solid very solid sex scenes. Nicole Sheridan's performances were almost hardcore quality. Chelsea Blue looked good in her scenes too. The two girl-girl offerings weren't scorching but they did warm up the screen.)<br /><br />Story: B+ (I liked the dialogue and the main storyline. Chelsea Blue's performance was good for the genre and I was impressed with Nicole Sheridan's turn at drama.)<br /><br />Overall: B (This was a nice softcore flick. I'm glad I was able to watch this one as I was pleasantly surprised. If Chelsea Blue ever wanted to do more of these she'd be welcome anytime. That goes for Nicole Sheridan too--even though she's probably better at doing comedy. I don't mind hardcore girls who can act doing softcore films.)
critique1665 This is a beautifully-made film finely balancing the fragile human stories (both before and after 1945) and the indiscriminating combat of war. The use of outtakes from Battle of Britain (a film that does not nearly so well portray the 1940s!) enhances rather than detracts from the whole. A deeply impressive work this lived in my memory for the 2 years since I saw it and I have just bought it to explore the making-of extras.<br /><br />I highly recommend this film (movie). Like "Aces High" it alternates between viscerally exciting (or scary) air combat sequences where the viewer might experience actual loss of characters they'd come to care about but also unpredictable interactions on the ground where skillful writers and real-life experiences inform some involving and moving events. This also underlines the fact that for many people 1945 marked not just the end of one conflict but the beginning of another and even today we still don't recognise the loss bravery and sacrifice of so many nameless heroes or even worse we venerate them from a distance without allowing them to be human beings with all the emotional weaknesses that entails - making their sacrifices all the more valiant.<br /><br />Watching this movie is an experience which will take you from the heights of friendship to the depths of jealousy and back to love that endures even beyond death. If all war films were like this we'd never have to fight again.<br /><br />Did I mention it's worth watching? ;-)<br /><br />10/10
critique1666 This movie has to be my favorite of all time. Its not supposed to have a plot because its makers wanted people (Charlie Sheen I think)to believe it was a real snuff film. This was an exercise in visual effects and doesn't cut away when the action happens like every other film does. Movies these days are now all about sound effects leaving the visuals to be made by computers cause its easier to deal with CGI blood. There still are movie makers who still can't get fake blood to look like the real thing. There is no rape scene because that wasn't the point of making the film. Have you seen the hills have eyes 2? The rape scene was funny instead of shocking. Although i'm sure there are some GONZO porn film makers that have tried to marry porn with horror. But since they probably suck at making films they probably wouldn't be able to pull it off. The movie "Baise Moi" has a disturbing rape scene because the actresses are actually porn stars and they show everything even though the movie overall sucks.<br /><br />Its too bad that a movie can't be made without thinking of the money aspect of it all especially when talking about an AO or NC-17 rating. I'm sure Eli Roth has the ability/talent to make his Hostel film series much much better but he has too tame it down to get an R rating...or at least I hope that his movies sucked because of these limitations.<br /><br />Watch Traces of Death or More than Smashed Pumpkins if you want no frills real footage (accident & crime scenes/footage). Don't forget that this movie was made in 1985. The fact that this film can still stand up against most crap made these days says a lot about this film. That would be like someone saying the 8bit Super Mario Brothers sucks because the PS3 has better graphics.
critique1667 The best romantic comedy I've seen in years. Not the kind of slick over the top Hollywood stuff by Ben Stiller or Adam Sandler and a lot less syrupy than a Hugh Grant epic. Julianne Nicholson and Jay Mohr are perfectly cast and both deliver smoothly professional performances as the engaged couple who decide to spend a little time sowing their sexual oats before marriage. Instead of playing it strictly for laughs the writers and director concocted a nice blend of human feelings and comedic action. Nicholson is just great as the awkward seductress and Mohr does a great job as the man who reluctantly enters into the game but soon finds himself enjoying his flings a little too much. We see just enough of the supporting characters to nicely round out the plot without distracting from the main story. Andy Richter (earnest friend) and Helen Slater (distraught single-mom) are particularly good. There is enough meaning and emotional complexity to make this a lot more than a standard boy-girl farce. Indeed with just a little better pacing and a tiny bit more cutting this film would be a top ten comedy.
critique1668 This is by far the funniest short made by the two comic geniuses. From the time they walk in to the time Hardy just falls off the roof this keeps me laughing hysterically. I highly suggest that every fan of Laurel and Hardy should see this short. I also recommend all of the Ghost Series. If you are looking for laughs see this movie and you will be happy.
critique1669 And this somebody is me. And not only me as I can see here at IMDb or when leaving the theater. Why did the people love it? It's obvious: Everybody knows zombies by now (at least the Horror fans by heart and the others through the "Dawn of the Dead" reinvention or Resident Evil movies etc.) <br /><br />Or at least they thought they knew everything about zombies ... that is until this movie came along. And you'll see zombies in a new light (perhaps). This is not a horror movie although it does contain some violent scenes but is rather a comedy. A satire to be precise. And it never runs out of steam! That is why I rated it so high. Pacing wise it's incredible the acting is great and the script has no (obvious) mistakes ... quite the contrary: It's a gem and if you're only a little bit interested in zombies you ought to see it! And even if you dislike them watch it! Because it's a great (comedy) movie!
critique1670 This is one of the greatest sports movies ever made by Hollywood. What a wonderful story about one of the great sports figures of American history. What makes the story of James J. Corbett especially interesting is that Mr. Corbett introduced the style of boxing that continues to this day. In that respect James J. Corbett was truly innovated. But getting back to the movie all the performances were excellent. Alexis Smith was beautiful. Indeed she looked like Nicole Kidman. And although it's a period piece the story withstands the test of time; it has not gone stale. Ward Bond's portrayal of John L. Sullivan has to be one of the great portrayals of an actual sports figure in the history of movies and the boxing scenes are realistic well-staged and highly effective. That coupled with a great script makes this movie a must.
critique1671 Father and son communicate very little. IN fact they speak different languages. BUt when the son drives his father 3000 miles for his pilgrimage's to Mecca the conversations finally take place. they are difficult and growth is necessary on both parts.<br /><br />This movie takes us into the hearts of these two travelers and it is indeed a grand voyage for the audience as well as the two principals. The imagery throughout is impressive especially the final scenes in Mecca. It underlines for me once again how much different the world can be but also at the same time how similar. The same was true for the father and son in this film.<br /><br />See this movie. Tell your friends to see it. You'll be glad you did.
critique1672 as a 'physically challenged' person (god how i hate that phrase) i just happened to catch this on cable where there was absolutely nothing else to watch - overall it was a fantastic movie. yes i was a little disappointed upon finding out that neither actor is disabled and yes i was a little disappointed that more of the movie wasn't filmed from the 'true' point of view of the disabled (can you imagine what it's like always being the tallest person in the room and then having to live the rest of your life with a view of nothing but other people's asses and crotches? having to always wait for the idiot to stop reading the newspaper in the only handicapped stall enduring everyone else's rude bodily expulsions while you wait?). and the scene with him driving the car was absolutely me! been there done that literally. but the movie was true enough to matter - while i've never lived in a home or assisted residence there were plenty of times throughout the movie where i found myself nodding and saying to myself "yeah that's true.... that's happened to me...." what impressed me is that some of the commentors on this board expressed the fact that the movie made them view life a little differently and with a little more insight as the lives of a silent 'minority' - can't ask more than that out of a movie that it makes you think and view life differently so by virtue of that alone the movies was tremendously successful. should be required viewing of every kid in junior high school.<br /><br />pretty much for every person that's severely physically disabled independence is one of if not the most important focus of our daily lives from working to socializing to recreating. for those of you who felt the movie was 'cliched' try living our life for a single day - you'll see that the movie was 'cliched' because..... it's true. the challenges the actors faced only skimmed the surface of what happens to us every day - if we're lucky we experience the same emotional and personal growth that the three characters (including the girl) did. every day presents obstacles for us to overcome - it's just that there's no swelling dramatic music to accompany our lives unless it's in our ipods.... lol!
critique1673 A friend brought me this movie and at first I was hesitating the pace in the movie was so slow that it was admittedly boring at the beginning. But the life scenes were attractive it's like observing than watching. <br /><br />It turned out to be simply stunning throughout the film the way how the director handled the life scenes to reflect the reality was confounding but somehow also overwhelming. It's like understanding the real life of a lively person than watching a movie. <br /><br />Mr Alejandro Polanco and Miss Isamar Gonzales did their roles so well that it's more like telling us their own stories. Indeed they used their real names in the movie.
critique1674 First off this really is my favorite film ever. I don't need to give anyone a description because every a**hole does that. I am literally obsessed with this practically bloodless cheesy lame effects having' boom-stick showing' badly edited 80's metal horror masterpiece. The director (I heard) had hoped for a hit at the box office so that he could do sequels and have a FREDDY/JASON type of deal for himself. Damn I wish that could've went down like that! The soundtrack's banging'. The acting's good....CHECK THIS MOFO OUT. and any die-hard fans out there feel free to email and chat sometime. Midgetorgy....I can be found at YAHOO.
critique1675 The thing which makes "Fire" even more appealing to watch apart from its magical artistry is its touch of femininism and rebellion. To my mind the very character played by Shabana Azmi is a symbol of the Indian feminine protest against the Indian society. The name of the movie and the scene when Radha walks through flames in her kitchen are symbloic of Hindu Mythology's Lord Rama's wife Sita's walking through fire for the proof of her immaculacy as per the same narrative which appears in the film too. The film could be a great inspiration for women particularly those in the subcontinent to search for their liberties and to attain control of their lives.
critique1676 Stupidly beautiful. This movie epitomizes the 'so bad it's good' genre of films. <br /><br />The only two talents in it are Richard Boone and Joan van Ark and only Boone is any good. It's kind of sad that the man who rose to fame as Paladin should wind up in this ugly pile of celluloid. While he turns in a fantastic performance I couldn't help but feel that he so outclassed all his fellow actors in this piece that he shouldn't even have been there.<br /><br />The effects in this film are laughable but fun. The idea of a dinosaur being buried in the wall of a cave and suddenly coming to life is B-movie gold. When the 'triceratops' gets killed watch how it falls. It's clear that the stunt performer in the FRONT of the costume knows the timing best. He falls to the ground well before the back half of the dinosaur follows suit.<br /><br />Speaking of 'suits' there is nothing good to say about the purple tyrannosaur in this flick. It seems to have some kind of stealth technology since Bunta (reputed to be the best tracker in the world) twice fails to notice it until it's within biting range of him. I don't know how all the prints are but in the version I own the Tyranno's roar contains Godzilla's trademark bellow.<br /><br />This is loads of fun to watch if you like bad movies. I love them and especially bad monster movies so I consider this the gem of my collection. If bad movies are your thing definitely get this one.
critique1677 I watched 'Speak Easily' one night and thought it was o.k. but missing something. Maybe Buster Keaton strangely speaking threw me off or the labored line delivery of a leading lady. The next day I kept thinking about the movie though. I couldn't get Durante's song out of my head I kept trying to better remember Thelma Todd's first scene I considered that maybe Keaton did do some funny falls and physical comedy. The next night I watched a scene with Thelma Todd as a conniving chorus girl trying to impress Buster and Jimmy with her sex appeal. A very funny scene the actors excellent their faces their eyes their silly expressions. So I watched another scene their show is opening on Broadway. Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act. Again I was laughing out loud appreciating Keaton's clowning and tumbling. So the next night I watched the whole movie again and this time I see it for the first time: It's Stupendous! It's Sensational! It's Sublime! Three great comedians! Todd dances! Durante sings! Keaton speaks! Sure it ain't poifect...but there's a lot of laughs in this picture.
critique1678 For those too young to remember or too old to have been part of the "hype" the Michael Jackson fad in the early-to-mid 80's was at a fever pitch- like the hype about Titanic except this just didn't let up. Every song every video every word uttered by Michael was important. Nothing similar had been seen since the heyday of the Beatles.<br /><br />I remember seeing this video for the first time at a roller skating rink. Everyone stopped skating. There was no question as to whether you were a Michael Jackson fan or not; you were. Everyone crowded around the projection screen and watched the video...<br /><br />This is probably one of the longest music videos ever made and definitely the best. It perpetually gets #2 on the annual MTV top 100 videos (#1 is always the flavor-of-the-month and somehow whatever was #1 of all time slips past #2 to make way for the new #1. Go figure.) and Thriller became a phenomenon in and of itself.<br /><br />If you ever get the chance you must watch the video; not just the excerpts shown on MTV or VH1. If necessary you should search out Making of Thriller at a video rental store. Hey... your parents probably made you watch Beatles and Woodstock footage because "it was important"... well this is important too.
critique1679 Sure there's stuff here that the Coens and Elmore Leonard have done before but so what? If you want entertaining lusty and smart -- "Judas Kiss" is near perfect. Prudes offended by tongue in cheek porn don't get it (Talk about getting your sex and violence out of the way straight up -- keeps your investors happy. That's independent filmmaking 101). As for the Brits making a bundle I highly doubt it. This flick is clearly a labor of love and the budget probably not half of Mr. Tarantino's salary. Maybe guys don't like it as much as women. I thought it rocked. Go Coco!
critique1680 For Estoninans Finland sometimes seems like a land of dreams. A land where many of us want to go and work there or start a business. Find love start a new life etc. But... Aku Louhimies has made this brilliant piece which shows that everything is not so good in Finland as well. That Finland can be just as Paha maa (The Bad Land) than any other country. It shows that people there can be just as miserable in their lives than we in everywhere else. That sometimes there's nothing good. This movie nicely shows why Finland is one of the top suicidal countries. It's not easy to live in North. Cold climate changes us. I've become more and more attracted to Finnish movies and this one is very good. The acting is great as well. Jasper PÃƒÂ¤ÃƒÂ¤kkÃƒÂ¶nnen has become one of the top Finnish stars. Beware of the sex scene (if you have little children) and a little depression that might come afterwards the movie! 8/10
critique1681 If you go into the Twins Effect looking for a pure Hong Kong movie experience you will be disappointed. This is not to say it is bad but it is NOT a traditional Hong Kong action movie running in a similar vein to Shaolin Soccer and Kung Fu Hustle. It's resolutely silly and juvenile so if you want a good bit of serious Hong Kong action look to a John Woo or Yuen Woo Ping movie. This movie's got a lot of flak for it's silliness and I thought the first thing I should do would be to explain what you're getting into as it's disappointed a lot of purists.<br /><br />For the non-purists and those with more forgiving tastes though Twins Effect is a delightfully silly kung-fu comedy. I liked it a lot for a variety of reasons not least it's wonderful female leads who spark off each other in a thoroughly entertaining comedy double act. I believe this is the first movie of it's type they've been in but they hop kick and fly about like seasoned pros.<br /><br />The patently ridiculous plot is handled with a great deal of care and attention and the movie is quite knowingly written making a lot of the movie laugh out loud. The comedy really is the most prominent thing here and it's a subtle gentle comedy as reliant on words as inanimate objects going flying a la Stephen Chow. It has to be said the slapstick is immense fun too. The sequence with the disco-dancing vampires is a total classic.<br /><br />The action is a blend of two genres really. It falls between the 'period drama' wire-and-sword fighting (which comes in more toward the end) and the comedy fighting style of Jackie Chan coming out with a blend that though a little derivative at times is always exciting to watch and occasionally throws up some genuinely innovative encounters.<br /><br />All this is great and the movie is tremendous fun all the way through. Despite this it does have a few sticking points. For instance Twins Effect is in many ways much more westernised than kung-fu fans are perhaps used to the inevitable comparison to the Blade series is definitely sound as an example though Twins Effect is honestly much better than Blade ever managed especially for fighting action. Personally it was also a bit of a shame to see the excellent Anthony Wong (the hissable villain from John Woo's classic Hard Boiled) so underused but the younger audience this is aimed at are unlikely to notice this or indeed know about Hard Boiled or his other movies so this is only really a personal gripe.<br /><br />If you watch this with an open mind you'll probably enjoy it greatly like I did but you must be firmly aware it is a COMEDY not a balls to the wall kung-fu movie. Keep that in mind and you'll be fine.
critique1682 This is what I was expecting when star trek DS9 premiered. Not to slight DS9. That was a wonderful show in it's own right however it never really gave the fans more of what they wanted. Enterprise is that show. While having a similarity to the original trek it differs enough to be original in it's own ways. It makes the ideas of exploration exciting to us again. And that was one of the primary ingredients that made the original so loved. Another ingredient to success was the relationships that evolved between the crew members. Viewers really cared deeply for the crew. Enterprise has much promise in this area as well. The chemistry between Bakula and Blalock seems very promising. While sexual tension in a show can often become a crutch I feel the tensions on enterprise can lead to much more and say alot more than is typical. I think when we deal with such grand scale characters of different races or species even we get some very interesting ideas and television. Also we should note the performances Blalock is very convincing as Vulcan T'pol and Bacula really has a whimsy and strength of character that delivers a great performance. The rest of the cast delivered good performances also. My only gripes are as follows. The theme. It's good it's different but a little to light hearted for my liking. We need something a little more grand. Doesn't have to be orchestral. Maybe something with a little more electronic sound would suffice. And my one other complaint. They sell too many adds. They could fix this by selling less ads or making all shows two parters. Otherwise we'll end up seeing the shows final act getting wrapped up way too quickly as was one of my complaints of Voyager.
critique1683 This was the very first movie I ever saw in my life back in 1974 or 1975. I was 4 years old at the time and saw it at a drive-in theatre. I did not grasp that this would be a classic at the time (I went to sleep about twenty minutes into the movie). After seeing it on the television-along with two of my other favourite movies Car Wash (my favourite movie) and The Wiz which seemed to come on every year about the same time all together-about 40 50 75 times I knew that here was a movie that I would have as one of my favourites. Those three movies were the only live action shows that I could watch as a child. <br /><br />I would not consider this to be a blaxploitation movie but rather an urban interest movie.Cochise and Preach reminded me of some of my uncles especially the Wild Irish Rose that they drank. My mother also told me about some of the quarter parties that she attended and that some of the things that occurred in the movie were similar in nature to what occurred in real life. If you are one of the two or three black people over thirty who hasn't seen this movie yet then I recommend that you buy the DVD right now. I'm glad that I was around to witness some of the goings on of the era.
critique1684 Disney's Buena Vista Pictures presents a wonderfully told fact-based sports drama directed by actor Bill Paxton. Photography is superb but story sometimes lumbers along. This film is about the 20 year old amateur golfer Francis Ouimet(Shia LaBeouf)and his competition in the 1913 U.S. Open. What a story; a once-in-a-lifetime chance for a supposedly incapable young man to play along side the best golfers of the time including British champions Harry Vardon(Stephen Dillane)and Ted Ray(Stephen Marcus). A storybook ending leaves a knot in the throat. The cast also includes: Peter Firth Elias Koteas Marnie McPhail Robin Wilcox and possibly stealing the show is Josh Flitter who plays Eddie Lowery Ouimet's caddy and best friend.
critique1685 Mon Oncle Antoine observes the craggy face of a homespun community from various angles slowly taking its time through the beginning as it should until we emerge from shattered (but banal) hopes and expectations into swirling ecstasies of dreams and a heart-stopping revelation about the terrible enigma of mortality.<br /><br />Aimless pans and zooms across the snowy mountainside comfort the mind and hypnotize the viewer. This restless camera work is personified in a fringe character who is equally the drifter quitting his job at the coal mine and leaving his family to cut lumber then quitting again and returning to the stark humanity of his boy dead. <br /><br />A fetching old woman cheats on her husband and a young boy dies. Old things become new and new things die. Throughout is the snowy whiteness as wonder-stricken as the history of cinema.
critique1686 There is a complete copy now available at the Internet Archive - watch it or download it today!<br /><br />http://www.archive.org/details/The_Mascot_Complete<br /><br />One of the greatest animated shorts ever made. Starewicz is endlessly inventive and his techniques still astound animation fans 70 years later. We may have computer-generated techniques now but all he had in 1934 was an imagination that wouldn't take "no" for an answer. Whatever he wanted to see on the screen he created. <br /><br />And he wanted to see some truly bizarre stuff - every imaginable piece of scrap is called up for service: old shoes chicken bones utensils broken glasses dolls monkeys rats....seems like there was nothing that was off limits.<br /><br />A truly eerie even unsettling film that should be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in animation. This film must be seen to be believed!
critique1687 Why take a perfectly good original drama based on a perfectly good novel and remake it as a quasi-musical? And cast it with actors exclusively lacking in singing or dancing talent? Somewhat akin to "Showgirls" or the two most recent "Star Wars" films "Lost Horizon" is full of unintentional laughs. Who can forget Sir John Gielgud smiling uneasily in his Dali Lhama outfit overseeing an interpretive dance to the Republican party ("Family")?<br /><br />Or Sally Kellerman warbling lovingly to George Kennedy doing her best Cher impression as she hops from one rock to another ("Every Little Thing You Do")? And my favourite Bobby Van embodying the strength of America's education system ("Question Me An Answer")? I can't wait for the DVD release as hopefully it will contain comments by Liv Ullmann who will finally explain what she was thinking when she agreed to do this film!
critique1688 Fritz Lang's German medieval saga continues in Die Nibelungen: Kriemhilds Rache (1924).Kriemhild (Margarete Schoen) wants to avenge her murdered husband Siegfried.Her brother is too weak to bring the murdered Hagen to justice.Kriemhild marries Etzel the King of the Huns (Rudolf Klein-Rogge).She gives birth to a child and invites her brothers for a party.Etzel and the other Huns should kil Hagen but he is protected by his brothers.We see a huge battle of life and death begins and she sets the whole place on fire.Eventually Hagen is dead and so is Kriemhild.These movies deal with great themes such as revenge and undying love.Sure we have later seen some better movies made of those topics but this was one of the early ones.
critique1689 This film has been on my wish list for ten years and I only recently found it on DVD when my partner's grandson was given it. He watched it at and was thrilled to learn that it was about my generation - born in 1930 and evacuated in 1939 and he wanted to know more about it - and me. Luckily I borrowed it from him and watched it on my own and I cried all through it. Not only did it capture the emotions the class distinction the hardship and the warmth of human relationships of those years (as well as the cruelties (spoken and unspoken); but it was accurate! I am also a bit of an anorak when it comes to ARP uniforms ambulances (LCC) in the right colour (white) and all the impedimenta of the management of bomb sites and the work of the Heavy Rescue Brigades. I couldn't fault any of this from my memories and the sandbagged Anderson shelter and the WVS canteens brought it all back. The difference between the relatively unspoiled life in the village and war-torn London was also sharply presented I re-lived 1939/40 and my own evacuation from London with this production! I know Jack Gold's work of course and one would expect no more from him than this meticulous detail; but it went far beyond the accurate representation of the facts and touched deep chords about human responses and the only half-uttered value judgements of those years. It was certainly one of the great high spots in John Thaw's acting career and of Gold's direction and deserves to be better known. It is a magnificent film and I have already ordered a couple of copies to send to friends.
critique1690 The "Men in White" movie is definitely one of the funniest if not THE funniest comedy movies I ever watched! (and I watched quite a lot!) It is about two garbagemen who become "Men in White" and then stop an invasion from space. It is also a parody of lots of classic movies such as "Men in Black" "Star Wars" or "Dr. Strangelove". Anyone who says that this movie is crappy has something wrong with his head. There are tons of funny gags and jokes here and you might actually get injury to your mouth from laughing too hard (it happened to me!). If you can watch this movie on TV watch it now - you certainly won't regret it!
critique1691 AAA is my favorite movie... I have seen it a number of times (don't remember the count now) and every time I just love it.... This is the best movie of Raj Kumar Santoshi..The comedy dialogues and performance is amazing.. All the actors and actresses have done a superb job... You cannot stop laughing while watching this movie... its just hilarious... Amir khan and Salman Khan have done a great job... and acting by Paresh Rawal was excellent as always..... The music is inspired from the old Hindi movies (60s music) and is good...the entire cast of the movie has done great job... <br /><br />Overall its a great Indian comedy movie to watch...
critique1692 This movie probably isn't the funniest I've ever seen and it CERTAINLY doesn't have much redeeming value. In fact it is really nothing more than a collection of vignettes tied together by a loose plot. However this "make-it-up-as-I-go-along" attitude actually works to the film's advantage. "Tommy Boy" succeeds as a comedy for the same reasons that the SNL skits Farley and Spade starred in succeeded: their well-timed extemporaneous silliness and mayhem makes them humorous despite their immaturity.
critique1693 Dramatic license - some hate it though it is necessary in retelling any life story. In the case of "Lucy" the main points of Lucille Ball's teenage years early career and 20 year marriage to Desi Arnaz are all included albeit in a truncated and reworked way.<br /><br />The main emotional points of Lucy's life are made clear: Lucille's struggle to find her niche as an actress finally blossoming into the brilliant comedienne who made the character Lucy Ricardo a legend; her turbulent romantic and ultimately impossible marriage to Desi Arnaz; Lucy & Desi creating the first television empire and forever securing their place in history as TV's most memorable sitcom couple.<br /><br />As Lucille Ball Rachel York does a commendable job. Do not expect to see quite the same miraculous transformation like the one Judy Davis made when playing Judy Garland but York makes Ball strong-willed yet likable and is very funny in her own right. Even though her comedic-timing is different than Lucy's she is still believable. The film never goes into much detail about her perfectionistic behaviour on the set and her mistreatment of Vivian Vance during the early "I Love Lucy" years but watching York portray Lucy rehearsing privately is a nice inclusion.<br /><br />Daniel Pino is thinner and less charismatic than the real Desi was but he does have his own charm and does a mostly decent job with Desi's accent especially in the opening scene. Madeline Zima was decent if not overly memorable as the teen-aged Lucy.<br /><br />Vivian Vance and William Frawley were not featured much thankfully since Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Newman were not very convincing in the roles. Not that they aren't good actors in their own right they just were not all that suited to the people they were playing. Most of the actors were from Austrailia and New Zeland and the repressed accents are detectable at times.<br /><br />Although the main structure of the film sticks to historical fact there are many deviations some for seemingly inexplicable reasons. Jess Oppenheimer the head writer of Lucy's radio show "My Favourite Husband" which began in 1948 is depicted in this film as arriving on the scene to help with "I Love Lucy" in 1951 completely disregarding the fact that he was the main creator! This movie also depicts Marc Daniels as being the main "I Love Lucy" director for its entire run completely ignoring the fact that he was replaced by William Asher after the first season! Also though I figure this was due to budgetary constraints the Ricardo's are shown to live in the same apartment for their entire stay in New York when in reality they changed apartments in 1953. The kitchen set is slightly larger and off-scale from the original as well. The Connecticut home looks pretty close to the original except the right and left sides of the house have been condensed and restructured. <br /><br />There's also Desi talking about buying RKO in 1953 during Lucy's red-scare incident even though RKO did not hit the market until 1957. These changes well could have been for dramatic license and the film does work at conveying the main facts but would it have hurt them to show a bit more respect to Oppenheimer and Asher two vital figures in "I Love Lucy" history? The biggest gaff comes in the "I Love Lucy" recreation scenes at least a few of them. It's always risky recreating something that is captured on film and has been seen by billions of people but even more so when OBVIOUS CHANGES are made. The scene with the giant bread loaf was truncated and anyone at all familiar with that episode would have noticed the differences right away! The "We're Having A Baby" number was shortened as well but other than that it was practically dead on. By far the best was the "grape-stomping" scene with Rachel York really nailing Lucy's mannerisms. The producers made the wise decision not to attempt directly recreating the "Vitametavegamin" and candy factory bits instead showing the actors rehearse them. These scenes proved effective because of that approach.<br /><br />The film's main fault is that it makes the assumption the viewers already know a great deal about Lucy's life since much is skimmed over or omitted at all. Overall though it gives a decent portrait of Lucy & Desi's marriage and the factual errors can be overlooked when the character development works effectively.
critique1694 Melvyn Douglas and Joan Blondell co-star in "The Amazing Mr. Williams" a 1939 mystery/comedy that's quite good although forgotten probably due to the number of incredible films that came out in 1939.<br /><br />Douglas plays a talented police detective married to his job while his girlfriend waits for a wedding that is constantly postponed. What happens in this film is no exception - he's called to a murder scene just as he's about to walk down the aisle yet again.<br /><br />Both stars were excellent at comedy worked together well (and often) and help make this battle of the sexes fun. Edward Brophy and Donald McBride are on hand for excellent support.<br /><br />As you can read in other reviews Melvyn Douglas doesn't make much of a woman.<br /><br />Entertaining if a little on the long side.<br /><br />One of the comments here trashed Melvyn Douglas one of our greatest actors. He literally floated effortlessly through dozens of films as the other man and the best friend before coming into his own in films as an old man. He wasn't lazy but rather a very hard-working actor (who made it look easy) who had a Broadway career simultaneously with his film career. He just wasn't cast as a leading man in films or given very challenging roles under the studio system. I challenge anyone to see his devastating performances in "Hud" and "I Never Sang for my Father" and call him lazy or make reference to his smirk.
critique1695 It's a shame that this piece of work wasn't acknowledged as a piece of work. It has everything a historical film must have: a serious historical research outstanding performances of every actor involved and a discrete but great direction.<br /><br />When I saw the movie I knew it should be a prototype for every biographical movie.
critique1696 ...intimate and specific. Yes a bit of a cinderella story but only after many convoluted turns earning it's way deeper and deeper into Antwone's psyche. Only superficial viewing can condemn this film as superficial. This is the stuff that heals nations this is one of our great national stories. Antwone's path to emotional health encompasses a whole breadth of family history the history of slavery and its aftermath. In his first directorial effort first of many I hope Denzel Washington confirms once again that he has a truly beautiful mind and soul.
critique1697 In my opinion the directing editing lighting and acting(minus Franco) were very good. I must admit I was pleasantly surprised and impressed with this film. I wasn't expecting much in way of camera angles sound etc but in these areas the film wasn't bad at all.<br /><br />After seeing the film I personally felt frustrated with both characters because I wanted so badly for these two characters to reach out to one another. And I felt like the Travis(Franco) character wasn't really affected or changed in the end after Terri commits suicide. Although this is probably due to the lack or inability of James Franco to express emotion(of any kind) very well in this movie. I've seen a few of Franco's other films and to me he just can't pull it off when a scene calls for real emotion or facial expressions. The only positive he brings to the film is the possibility of more people watching this movie.<br /><br />On the other hand Rachel Miner's portrayal of Terri was well done and she looks to have a bright future ahead. I could really see and feel the sadness and emptiness in her character and it made me feel for her. I only wish I could have seen more into Terri's life before the film ended.<br /><br />For a short film this movie was good but it leaves you wanting more in the end. I only wish it could have been just a bit longer to see the characters develop a little more. In spite of that I hope to see more films from the director and crew in the future.:)
critique1698 Michael Jackson is not very popular in USA anymore however in Europe (especially Germany) he has still got lots of fans. Many will say that this is a bad movie and it is: it has no plot it's full of cliches Michael praises himself constantly.<br /><br />BUT you can't expect a plot or non-cliches in this kind of movie! It has entertaining visual effects and the music is perfect. The Smooth Criminal fragment - the greatest song ever full of Moonwalks group dance acts and even the famous "Michael Jackson's Bench-over" - makes this film one of Jackson's masterpieces with an even good-looking (and white...) Michael Jackson!<br /><br />A must for Jackson fans a must for music fans a must for dance act fans.<br /><br />However as I'm an MJ fan I should warn all Michael Jackson haters out there: DON'T watch this movie you'd only make your hate increase...
critique1699 Brilliant Aussie movie... A little slow at the beginning but once it gets going you can't stop laughing. When I originally saw the movie I vaguely knew the plot line as I am not sure if many people are aware that this movie is based on a true story and more so in particular the director and his mother (obviously names have been changed). I only knew this fact as the director is a friend of a friend of my family. When I saw the movie somehow my stepmum kept it secret that we were to meet Matthew Newton after the screening... Such a nice gentleman (except for a particularly nasty incident with his ex)! Brillian casting as well with Sam Neill and others! A great reason to keep supporting the Australian film industry
critique1700 A lot has been said about Shinjuku Triad Society as the first true "Miike" film and I thought this sort of description might have been a clichÃƒÂ©. But like all clichÃƒÂ©s it is based on the truth. All the Miike trademarks are here the violence the black humour the homosexuality the taboo testing and the difficult to like central character. Shinjuku is however one of Miike's most perfectly formed films. He says in an interview that if he made it again it would be different but not necessarily better. I think what he means is that the film possesses a truly captivating energy and raw edge which seems so fresh that although he might be able to capture a more visually or technically complex movie he could not replicate or better the purity of this film. <br /><br />As you might expect the violence is utterly visceral gushing blood and gritty beatings are supplemented by a fantastic scene in which a woman has a chair smashed over her face. (Only a Miike film could let you get away with a sentence like that.) The film has a fantastic pace unlike Dead or Alive which begins and ends strongly and dips in the middle. Dead or Alive also deals with similar issues Miike is clearly concerned about the relations between the Japanese and Chinese in the postwar period and this emotive subject is handled well here the central character really coming to life when you begin to understand his past. <br /><br />I cannot sing Shinjuku's praises enough. I do not want to give away too much. This is Miike before he began to use CGI to animate his films and is almost reminiscent of something like Kitano's Sonatine. The central characters are superbly realized and the final twist guarantees that as soon as the film has finished you'll be popping it back on again to work it all out.
critique1701 THE NEXT KARATE KID in my opinion is an excellent martial arts flick. I thought that Eric (Chris Conrad) and Julie (Hilary Swank) looked good in their prom attire. To me Ned (Michael Cavalieri) was a real bully. This was because he got Julie in trouble with Principal Wilkes (Eugene Boles). If you ask me Colonel Dugan (Michael Ironside) was a pure a******! This was because he was a very harsh man who wouldn't tolerate mistakes. My favorite parts were the prom and the showdown between Julie and the Alpha Elite. In conclusion I highly recommend this smash hit to all of you who like martial-arts flicks or are fans of Hilary Swank.
critique1702 In one of the more under-seen films of the late 1980's at a time when Oliver Stone was riding high with Platoon and Wall Street (and before his opus Born on the Fourth of July) he co-scripted and directed this look at the world of radio specifically one radio host in the middle of Texas. This man is Barry Champlain in a once-in-a-career turn from Eric Bogosian who wrote the original play and also co-wrote the script. Barry is like a mix of Howard Stern and one of those pundits you hear on the radio stations many of us might turn off. He's got ideas on his mind opinions and he's not only un-afraid to speak them but also to stand up against the phone callers. The callers indeed are the driving force in the film as Barry has to combat against the mindless the obscene the racist and the purely absent-minded. As this goes on he also has to contend with his boss (Alec Baldwin) and a hit or miss deal to go nationwide outside the confines of the Southern way station he's in.<br /><br />While after seeing the film I felt curious as to see how it would've been done on stage (I'd imagine it was a one-man show as Bogosian has had several on the side) the direction of the film is phenomenal. Stone has been known almost typecast as a director who loves quick cuts the limitless effects of montage and effects with the styles of camera-work and other little tricks that give his films in the 90's a distinctive almost auteur look. But in the 80's he had this energy and feverish quality to the look of the film and wasn't as frenzied as the other films. In order to add the proper intensity that is within the studio and head-space of Barry Champlain he and DP Robert Richardson make the space seem claustrophobic at times gritty un-sure and definitely on edge. The scenes in the middle of the film when Barry isn't in the studio are fairly standard but the style along with the substance in the radio scenes is among the best I've seen from the Stone/Richardson combination.<br /><br />And one cannot miscalculate the performance of Bogosian who can be obnoxious offensive angered passive and everything that we love and hate in radio show hosts. There is also a funny near distracting supporting role for Michael Wincott as Kent/Michael/Joe who prank calls him one night and the next gets invited to the studio. These scenes are a little uncomfortable for a viewer but it does get very much into the subculture head-space of the 80's that Barry is as intrigued as he is critical of. The stoner may not 'get it' but as he says to him "it's your show". Indeed it's hard to cover everything that goes on within the talk and there is a lot of it. But it's never boring and like Champlain himself it's not easy to ignore. And when Bogosian goes into his climactic tirade on air with the background panning around in a continuous 360 spin it becomes intoxicating and a reason why freedom of speech is so powerful.<br /><br />Stone has been synonymous as a filmmaker of hot-button issues who takes on subjects that were or still are controversial and gives them a life-force that isn't always great but is all his own. Here his skills and ambitions don't get in the way of Bogosian's- it's boosted if anything making an extremely skilled vision of what is essentially a near one-man show which in and of itself is already well-written.
critique1703 I saw this movie in sixth grade around Christmas Time and I was really excited about seeing it and when I heard that George C. Scott was in it I was really excited because I really love George C. Scott! When me and my class were watching this movie I was really into it and when it was over I was really impressed I thought that it was totally fabulous! This is the best version of Charles Dickens' classic novel that I have seen so far! George C. Scott's performance as Scrooge is something else I thought that he was the perfect choice he was Scrooge he is the definitive Scrooge! I've seen two different versions of A Christmas Carol the other is the one with Patrick Stewart but this is the better one! <br /><br />What it really great about this is the acting I thought that the actors were fabulous everyone was the spirits Tiny Tim Bob Cratchit everyone they could not have found anyone better than the ones they had doing the parts! But the best part of the movie was George C. Scott! When I saw him I thought that he was the absolute best! He is the definitive Ebenezer Scrooge I do not think that they could have found someone better! I don't think that they could have found anyone better to replace anyone in the movie! <br /><br />This movie is probably the definitive movie adaption of the classic by Charles Dickens and I really think that you will agree you will think that this movie is fabulous! I am probably going to have to buy this movie on DVD because I thought that it was totally fabulous! I totally recommend that you see this masterpiece! This is the best version of A Christmas Carol period. <br /><br />10/10
critique1704 Great little thriller. I was expecting some type of silly horror movie but what I got was tight short thriller that waste none of our time. Mostof these movies we have to get into the back characters stories so we will either feel sympathy for them or hatred when people start getting killed. o such foolishness here. Yes you see a few characters but they really only interact with the principals. Such as the husband wife at the motel whose room was canceled. We saw them so we could just how efficient the Lisa character was and how inefficient the new Hotel clerk was. We see the little girl simply because she will have a very small but important role later in the movie when all heck breaks loose. THe Flight Atrendants because we need on in particular to move the plot ahead. The bad guy in particular needs her in the beginning of the flight. The rude guy in the airport was important to the movie too. The only 2 characters that were just 5 liners with no use to the plot were the two young guys on the plane. THat was clever because I thought they would have something to do with plot. From the first scene to the last the woman character a young hotel executive named Lisa is in charge. Even when Jackson shows his true colors she doesn't panic. She thinks what she can do to stall time. Any other movie the smart executive women would be acting like idiots. But not this one. It was a very short movie and I was waiting for the usual plot devices to kick in because the movie seemed to be coming to its conclusion fast. Thankfuly none of them were used. The new hotel clerk did not do the usual called and told her what to do which is panic drop the phone and run out of the hotel without saying anything or question your boss and tell her she had to much to drink and just dismiss her. Was Craven should do more of these types of movies. Also one last comment. Brian Cox is in the movie but I had not one clue who he was. I had to come over here to see that he is Lisa's father. He is completely unrecognizable.
critique1705 My Super Ex Girlfriend turned out to be a pleasant surprise for me I was really expecting a horrible movie that would probably be stupid and predictable and you know what? It was! But this movie did have so many wonderful laughs and a fun plot that anyone could get a kick out of. I know that this was a very cheesy movie but Uma and Anna were just so cool and Steve was such a great addition along with a great cast that looked like they had so much fun and that's what made the movie really work.<br /><br />Jenny Johnson(scary that's my best friend's actual name) is not your typical average librarian looking woman when Matt your average male asks her out he's in for more than he expected he's asked G-Girl out on a date the super hero of the world! But when he finds out what a jealous and crazy girl she really is and decides that it may be a good idea that they spend some time apart but Jenny won't have it since he's fallen for another girl Hannah and she will make his life a living hell I mean let's face it he couldn't have chosen a better girl to break up with.<br /><br />The effect were corny but you seriously move past them quickly the story and cast made the story really work and I loved Uma in this movie it was such a step up from Prime. My Super Ex Girlfriend is a fun movie that you shouldn't really take seriously it's just a cute romantic comedy that I think if I could get a laugh out of it anyone could.<br /><br />7/10
critique1706 First off to rent or watch this film you are expecting something in the B-horror range. What this film delivers for the astute fan of this genre is quite a hilarious romp via nordic flavor. At times reminding me of the humor of Jackson's Dead Alive and others of a Stuart Gordon flick this little find should have most chuckling throughout. <br /><br />The f/x reach a few highs of truly spooky (the first time Ed meets his nemesis) but generally have the feel that this film was put together by a f/x team that decided to use any and all props at their disposal from other films...gremlins devils slasher films etc. to pretty good effect and worked in thru the use of hallucinations. <br /><br />The gem of the film is the humor. The gore works most of the time but more for laughs. At its heart its a parody and a fun one at that.
critique1707 This movie without doubt is the best I have seen and really shows what British talent can do. It's effects are exceedingly good considering the movie is set in the mid 18th Century and all the grittiness and disgusting filth of England at the time is captured very well. The character's are developed and fleshed out from MaCleane's whoring antics to his development into highwayman and exhibitionary 'The Gentleman Highwayman' contrast well with Robert Carlyle who's cynicism and honour show that you can love a thief and a criminal cos I quote: 'He's got more honour in his little finger than any of you fat bastards!'<br /><br />Not referring to you of course! But it has arguably the most stirring and emotionally charged scene ever witnessed in a movie but you'll just have to see it to find out suffice to say that it involves rope round your neck.<br /><br />
critique1708 Graphically it is the same game as the first one just different levels and some new features added for fun.<br /><br />The PS1 version still has an issue with giving skaters enough air for some ground tricks. The Dreamcast version which is rarely seen anymore was the best version of the 4 versions (Xbox eventually came out with a 5th with 2x) it had the clearer resolution and the skaters looked better and more detailed the PS1 and N64 could handle.<br /><br />The levels are really amazingly done from start to finish like the first one the school was my favorite i enjoyed that level so much not only for the golf cart that would sometimes run you over but for the length. That's what i liked about the first two games they don't make these games graphically enhanced they just focused on length of levels which is cool.<br /><br />Overall just as good as the first one and well worth playing.
critique1709 midnight madness is the ultimate scavenger hunt movie for all time. michael j fox and paul reubens make respective pre- fame appearances. laughs abound everywhere and the intrigue of who will emerge victorious at the end of the great all-nighter will keep you on the proverbial edge of your seat. a true must see!
critique1710 I saw this film earlier today and I was amazed at how accurate the dialog is for the main characters. It didn't feel like a film - it felt more like a documentary (the part I liked best). The leading ladies in this film seemed as real to me as any fifteen year-old girls I know.<br /><br />All in all a very enjoyable film for those who enjoy independent films.
critique1711 I had never paid much attention to this flick until I learned that Paddy Chayefsky - author of the brilliant "Network" - was the scriptwriter. His work there had instructed me as to his genius so when 'Hospital' appeared on TMC I was anxious to see it. I was not disappointed. Looking at both this film and "Network" it would seem that his big theme is the absurdity inanity and sheer viciousness of large human enterprises (e.g. hospitals networks) against the sanctity of individual experience and the human spirit and all of it delivered with a knife-edge sense of utterly black humor. "Hospital" is as black of a comedy as "Network" is and the excellent cast led by the incomparable Scott does his work full justice. This is a keeper; definitely not to miss.
critique1712 This is a wonderful family sitcom. Rowan Atkinson has appeared in to other excellent sitcoms The Thin Blue Line (Better than this) and Blackadder (Not better than this).<br /><br />Mr Bean is a no talking human disaster. He goes to places and gets himself in absolute mayhem the mayhem includes: Climbing up to the top diving board and is too frightened to jump off taking about 20 minutes until some kids eventually throw him off ending up inside a washing machine and driving his car while sat on a roof. Bean drives a Mini and has a teddy.<br /><br />This was quite similar to The Baldy Man a series staring Gregor Fisher who says very little but gets himself in mayhem Best Episode: Do it Yourself Mr Bean Episode 9: Bean hosts a New Years Eve party then gets some stuff for decorating his flat but has too much stuff and has to drive his car on the roof.
critique1713 If someone had nudged me about 15 minutes into 'Ray' and asked what I thought of Jamie Foxx in the title role it would have been time for a blank stare. After all what is this (fictitious) person talking' about? That wasn't Jamie Foxx up on the big screen. That was Ray Charles. This is one of the best performances by anybody in recent years. Like the soundtrack Jamie as Ray is flat-out brilliant.<br /><br />The blind Genius of Soul (who took a revolutionary step of mixing gospel with R&B) died during production. The movie about his troubled life is good not great. Taylor Hackford's direction and James L. White's script follow the well-worn biopic outline. Super-talented youngster battles adversity achieves greatness while also self-destructing then picks himself up out of the gutter for a happy ending. The film shows Charles' flaws (heroin abuse chronic womanizing persistent bastard-fathering) even as it sucks you in with his beautiful music.<br /><br />Kerry Washington and Regina King play the main women in Ray's life one his long-suffering wife and the other his longtime mistress. Both actresses match Foxx stride for stride. What takes him to a different level though is his deep understanding and uncanny impersonation of the great musician. The entire cast is effective especially Sharon Warren as his headstrong mother and Curtis Armstrong as a music exec. Hackford's stars are likely to be rewarded with trophies and---better yet---more starring roles.<br /><br />I was not a Ray Charles aficionado before 'Ray'. Apparently the film has left out a lot (as do all biopics) but this picture functions as both an old-fashioned crowd pleaser AND a dark investigation of a brilliant/troubled man. For those who whine that Foxx doesn't actually sing (as if that somehow diminishes his performance) take a hike. No mere actor can sing like Mr. Charles anyway. You can't have everything. What the talented star does in this picture is about as close to "everything" as we'll probably see for a while.
critique1714 Perhaps the funniest 'backstage at Hollywood' movie ever especially for a look at comedy short factories like Keystone.<br /><br />Marion Davies should get a medal for bravery for taking a part where acting poorly in front of a camera is part of the role. Plenty of cameos for film buffs.
critique1715 Are you a giraffe?... ask John to Nadia and she sure of responding well responds him: yes. In this way begin the communication between a man and a woman who don't know each other and at the same time the questions and doubts in "Birthday Girl". A film that i heard a lot of times but i don't dare to see... until two hours of write this.<br /><br />"Birthday Girl" is a passionate movie that makes me fall in count at the same time that Nicole Kidman is one of the best actress (Besides she is pretty and intelligent) that i have ever seen. "Birthday Girl" is the story of a lonely and routine man who looks for a wife at internet. The woman that he finds comes from Russia. She seems to be that delicate woman normal not more. One day in her birthday comes suddenly his cousin and his friend. The man begin to discover certain things. Since here he don't going to be the lonely and routine man that always have been.<br /><br />Much of us going to think that this movie is just a regular one with a exploited plot. Much of us going to think that the action and thrills are sure and don't novel. But "Birthday Girl" is just the opposite. This movie is full of good surprises good performances and a imaginative plot that i had never seen and imagined. This romantic thriller with certain funny touch is an excellent natural film with a lot of proposes for the films of it kind. "Birthday Girl" have certain beauty and crudeness in its scenes but at the same time certain touching nature and makes it so deeper.<br /><br />"Birthday Girl" is sometimes sad sometimes funny sometimes violent but at the end is totally satisfactory. And I'm not sorry in say that this is a masterpiece.<br /><br />*Sorry for the mistakes...well if there any.
critique1716 Cosimo (Luis GuzmÃƒÂ¡n) is told in prison about a perfect heist.Since he's behind bars and can't do it himself he has to leave it to his girl Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson).Soon there are five guys organizing the crime- five guys with very little brain capacity.Brothers Anthony and Joe Russo are the directors of Welcome to Collinwood (2002).It's a crime comedy that's often very funny.You can't help but laughing when everything goes wrong with these guys.There are some great actors playing these characters.William H.Macy plays Riley.Isaiah Washington is Leon.Sam Rockwell is Pero.Michael Jeter is Toto.Andy Davoli is Basil.Gabrielle Union plays his love interest Michelle.Jennifer Esposito plays Pero's love interest Carmela.George Clooney (also producer) plays Jerzy the tattooed guy in a wheelchair.This is a highly entertaining flick.I certainly recommend it.
critique1717 Show favorites Green Arrow (introduced this season) Aquaman (introduced in Season 5) "Impulse" (Season 4) and Cyborg (Season 5) all come together along with Clark to stop one of Lex's evil plans in this thrilling mid-season episode.<br /><br />Through his sophisticated technology Green Arrow learns that Lex Luthor is constructing laboratories across the world that hold people induced by the meteor substance kryptonite and people with abilities to run tests on. Green Arrow over the past months has allied Arthur Curry (Aqua) Bart Allen (Impulse) and Victor Stone (Cyborg) to stop Lex and destroy these facilities. After recruiting Clark to help the team puts on quite a show in interrogating and destroying a local laboratory.<br /><br />This episode is incredible. Full of action humor and fabulous dialog it feels more like a movie. It is full of entertainment and provides as a springboard for the most interesting storyline of the sixth season.
critique1718 I was at a friends house for Thanksgiving and watched a DVD of the movie Eddie Monroe. I've been a fan of Indie Films for almost 20 years (I loved the Brothers McMullen) and was impressed how good this movie is. My friend who works at Magno Sound told us that this movie was shot on Super 16. The photography was so good it looked as though it was a 35mm shoot. Furthermore the music combined with Fred Carpenter's direction was art. The storyline was original and led up to an ending that surprised all of us watching...very cool. The acting by the entire cast was good especially the actor who played Uncle Benny. He was amazing. This film was a nice holiday treat and I was delighted to be one of the first to view a movie that many will be seeing in the future.
critique1719 So we saw this on DVD at our apartment here in Paris. We're all here on an exchange program. We all laughed so hard cuz so much of what was going on in the movie happened to us! I mean yeah sure some of it was pretty clichÃƒÂ©d but still true know what I'm saying.<br /><br />I think I related more to the quiet guy (the Italian) than Xavier because I'm more of the observer in our group. Anyway I wish I had a hot roommate like Cecile de France. She seems like a cool chick in the movie and for real after I saw her hosting the Cannes Festival last month.<br /><br />Now I'm thinking I wanna go to Barcelona next summer after seeing this movie. I gotta check out the sequel too which just came out here in France.
critique1720 I have to admit before i watched this film i thought this is one of those soppy love stories where everything works out fine and dandy all the way through. but i was proved wrong when i actually sat down to watch this. I found that it was in fact a really good story about a family who go to a dance park for a 3 week holiday and there the youngest daughter baby finds love but has difficulty getting there with her new found love due to disagreements with her father. But along the way helps another dance instructor and risks the whole relationship...A truly heartwarming film like no other.<br /><br />10/10
critique1721 HUSBANDS BEWARE is a remake of the Shemp classic BRIDELESS GROOM. The film's new cooking scene at the beginning of the film is great. The stooges are always funny when they cook. However after the first few minutes of cooking footage we cut to original footage of BRIDELESS GROOM. One thing I noticed about these 1953 to 1956 remakes are that they do fit with the new story. They do an insert shot if the old story line doesn't match.<br /><br />HUSBANDS BEWARE does have a new ending but I won't give it away to those who want to be surprised.<br /><br /> **** out of 4 stars.
critique1722 Miss Cast Away is an amusing trifle which dispenses with serious plot or character development to pack in as many gags as possible. Best enjoyed with a large audience that is open to such entertainments and perhaps has had a few drinks. Most of the jokes are current-event based so in future years this film may become a time-capsule of turn-of-the-21st-century pop culture references.<br /><br />The 30i to 24p conversion of the footage does create a jerky appearance in some parts most noticeably the opening aerial shots.<br /><br />The appearance of Micheal Jackson is indeed a strange non-sequiter event. But I for one find it encouraging that Mr. Jackson has shown a helpful interest in one of his protÃƒÂ©gÃƒÂ©s even after he (the director) has passed from the cute-preteen-boy stage.<br /><br />The effects work is not as bad as one review suggested. Most of it was done by a one-man crew in a brief span of time consisting of animator William Sutton whose name seems to have been omitted from the IMDb credits. His work is an extraordinary achievement and really helps to fill in the gaps in this movie. I hope he's finally been paid!
critique1723 The Closer She Gets... is an artful documentary dealing with the death of a person I actually knew. It allows a glimpse into the private moments of the family involved in the most trying time of their lives. Parents tend to support the work of their children in this case the subject of the documentary went above and beyond. She was willing to share her death experience as an act of love for her son. It is a most touching work of art weaving the serious serene and lighter sides of life for this family. The story is one which can make you laugh but also cry as it addresses issues we all must face. I highly recommend this documentary to those unafraid to cry and are willing to deal with the issue of mortality in a most human manner. This film will touch you.
critique1724 There isn't a whole lot going on in this story -- just two men employing very different ways of handling memories of Vietnam. But what it lacks in premise it more than makes up for in acting and realism. It's a quiet film about the bonds of friendship and shared experience. We even get romance (not gratuitous -- just another very real piece of this story). It's well worth seeing.
critique1725 I can't say how closely the film follows the novel never having read the book but since this clocks in at some six and a half hours it's a good bet that most of the base are covered or at least we can say with some certainty that this isn't a Reader's Digest condensed version.<br /><br />The production values are high well up to the standards of other BBC classic series like Inspector Morse and Sherlock Holmes. We can believe Dickens' London looked sounded and thought a lot like this. There are some occasional minor lapses -- some sportsman firing a pistol with a percussion cap in 1840 or 1820 or whenever this took place.<br /><br />The acting too is to be applauded. Suzanne Burden is the polite and honest heroine who quietly goes about doing good. She's cute too in a mature way her beauty in her compassionate nature not in any flirtatiousness. Denholm Elliott is her guardian (and more than that as it turns out). Burden and Elliott are two of the very few characters who are good in an unalloyed way. Another is a former sergeant forced to do evil by evil people. Another is a poor and helpless young boy.<br /><br />I don't think anyone else could have written this. It's got all the earmarks of Dickens -- poverty tragic deaths capitalism in the raw the generous rich guy in his gated home hidden parentage shadowy motives and the impotence or outright maliciousness of the justice system. Well not the justice system as a whole but the chancery which was evidently a court that decided matters having to do with the distribution of property. (So I gather from Wikipedia.) It became so notoriously rigid and dilatory that it was thoroughly revamped in England in 1973. Twice Elliott's character describes it as "a curse." The most impressive scene involves a money-scrounging creditor hounding a retired soldier in the latter's gymnasium during a fencing lesson. The sergeant is more masculine in the traditional sense than any other male character I remember from Dickens. The apoplectic money lender and renter is screaming threats from his seat and the sergeant turns towards him and does one delicate exercise with the saber after another each advancement bringing him closer to his tormentor while the scarlet-faced old creditor shrinks back into his seat.<br /><br />A couple of things are missing. Often Dickens will stick in at least one or two amusing lines of dialog. ("Humbug!" or "The law is a ass.") Not here. "Bleak" house is the right title. Second there are practically no Weberian "ideal types" -- no Mr. Micawbers or Artful Dodgers or Scrooges. Third the atmosphere the whole ethos is relentlessly dismal. One tribulation follows another usually having to do with money or some shameful peccadillo out of the past.<br /><br />My God it's depressing. It's as if the author were venting his spleen on everything he hated in the world he knew. Poverty okay. He KNEW poverty. But one wonders what the chancery did to Dickens to deserve this kind of treatment.<br /><br />Maybe I should add that I've just watched the first episode of the 2005 series -- and it's better in two ways. There is more zip in the direction so the pace is a little faster. And the business of Jarndyce vs. Jarndyce is explained satisfactorily right up front instead of lurking about in the shadows as that mysterious "curse" so the plot is easier to follow.
critique1726 For the very reason that I love movies such as "Central do Brasil" ("Central Station" 1998) I really love "Chop Shop". There is no sugar-coating there is no attempt to make these people's lives over to something more palatable or pretty. What you see is what you get and that is often gritty and at times heartbreaking. But that is exactly what makes a movie such as "Chop Shop" so wonderful alongside the fact that the storyline unfolds so elegantly and subtly. For a young brother and sister who are about as close to homelessness as one would ever want to get working (and living) at an auto body repair shop in Queens New York is as good as it gets. Is this a good or bad thing? That is the question this movie essentially poses to the viewer. This movie is really a fantastic slice-of-life piece that at times feels like a documentary instead of a drama and that is a great thing because it looks and feels so real. In the midst of so so many current movies based on essentially surreal and often implausible plots stumbling upon "Chop Shop" is like finding a little gem.
critique1727 James Cagney (The Yankee Doodle Dandy Boy) was just starting his career and was able to perform as a gangster and also a social worker for a Boys Reform School which is being run by corrupt politicans. The reform school inmates are underpriviledge minors from the streets of New York like the "East Side Kids" who were poor and uncared for during the great Depression. In the final scenes there is a trial held by the reform school boys with flaming torches and a barn which is set on fire and a big leap by the corrupt warden. I noticed that they did let the horses out of the barn first. This film is not shown very often and I really can understand WHY!
critique1728 I am so impressed really. I expected cheesy gamer humor and nothing else.<br /><br />OK there's a ton of pretty geeky humor. But the movie is so well done. The acting is quite good.<br /><br />The dialog while gamer cheesy at times I guess to cater to the gamer crowd is not bad at all. At times it's even dare I say great.<br /><br />When the female gamer who built this non traditional fighter type character rather then the usual (min/max) type gets all these additional attacks (seem right I did not check the rules) it was cool.<br /><br />The sets are amazing for what must be a fairly low production movie.<br /><br />The story moves right along. The transitions from game world to real world are well done. A male playing a female character would sometimes be played by a female and sometimes by himself. Pretty clever I thought.<br /><br />The guy who decided to play a female but kept forgetting he was female was good for a lot of laughs. He even said tag at one point and the female walked on to play the role ( sorry I did not look her name up she did great though.) The guy always trying to "get some" got a bit tedious but I guess that was more gamer humor.<br /><br />There was just so much to like about the movie. Lighthearted. Fun! Very well done and I am saying that as a movie fan not a gamer (and I am not a D&D player.) As I said I expected SO much less.<br /><br />Movies often don't hold my attention I end up listening to them while working on my computer. This one held my attention. I can't give a movie much higher praise.
critique1729 I just viewed the film two days ago and I was filled with anticipation being that Paris is my second favorite city in Europe and I spent a very romantic 18 months there in the '80's. I was somewhat disappointed that most of this group of vignettes while original and artistically done did not capture the "light" and beauty of the city very well.Nor enough of the romance! We saw none of the tree-lined boulevards... There was too much darkness not only literally but figuratively. Some of the plots manipulated the viewer it seemed and let him/her down "flat "(the Marais sequence the coiffure salesman sequence to give two examples). The uplifting good ones: The Mime sequence the cemetery the Montmartre (though it left too much to the viewer to comprehend) the "Cowboy" vignette and the Sacre Coeur-- seemed few and far between and I would have liked to have seen such a wonderful actor as Orlando Bloom be in something that would have showcased his originality more.
critique1730 Although the premise of the movie involves a major "coincidence" the actors all do a creditable job and look great bringing the story to life. I found myself rooting for the characters played by Mary Tyler Moore and Christine Lahti empathizing with both and wanting them to reconcile. Sam Waterston and Ted Danson are fine in their roles as well doing a decent job with the stereotypical buddy relationship. While the story tends to leap through time occasionally leaving the audience perhaps a little hungry for missing detail it still flows and avoids any real confusion. This interesting storyline has all the elements for a good "chick flick."
critique1731 There is a scene in Dan in Real Life where the family is competing to see which sex can finish the crossword puzzle first. The answer to one of the clues is Murphy's Law: anything that can go wrong will go wrong. This is exactly the case for Dan Burns (Steve Carell the Office) a columnist for the local newspaper. Dan is an expert at giving advice for everyday life yet he comes to realize that things aren't so picture perfect in his own. Dan in Real Life is amazing at capturing these ironies of everyday life and is successful at embracing the comedy tragedy and beauty of them all. Besides that this movie is pretty damn hilarious.<br /><br />The death of his wife forces Dan to raise his three daughters all on his own... each daughter in their own pivotal stages in life: the first one anxious to try out her drivers license the middle one well into her teenage angst phase and the youngest one drifting away from early childhood. Things take a turn for Dan when he goes to Rhode Island for a family reunion and stumbles across an intriguing woman in a bookstore.<br /><br />Her name is Marie (Juliette Binoche Chocolat) and she is looking for a book to help her avoid awkward situations... which is precisely whats in store when they get thrown into the Burns Family household.<br /><br />If you've seen Steve Carell in The Office or Little Miss Sunshine you'd know that he is incomparable with comedic timing and a tremendously dynamic actor as well. Steve Carell is awesome at capturing all the emotions that come with family life: the frustration and sincere compassion. The family as well as the house itself provides a warm environment for the movie that contrasts the inner turmoil that builds throughout the movie and finally bursts out in a pretty suspenseful climax. The movie only falls short in some of the predictable outcomes yet at the same time life is made up of both irony and predictability: which is an irony within itself.<br /><br />Dan in Real Life is definitely worth seeing for the sole enjoyment of watching all the funny subtleties we often miss in everyday life and I'll most likely enjoy it a second time or even a third. Just "put it on my tab."
critique1732 This was one of those films I would always come across (be it on TV or cheap DVD) but never struck me to give it a shot as I thought I wasn't missing out on much. It was on one night and I thought oh wellÃ‚Â… why not. A good decision too as I would kick myself for taking so long to get around to it. For me it left me impressed as it's up there with Burt Reynold's best features ('Deliverance' 'White Lightning' and 'Boogie Nights') and streams back to those 70s/80s gritty hardboiled urban crime thrillers that weren't afraid to be forebodingly obscure and go out of their way to set-up characters pack-it with realistically brutal force and effectively incorporate the local locations (Atlanta being the case here) to the fold with grounded photography. In certain shades it kind of reminded me of 'Dirty Harry' but that's loosely. However it's saucily honed blues score with its simmering kicks funky shifts and unhinged sounds very much had me thinking of Lalo Schifrin's pulsating score he orchestrated for 'Dirty Harry'. The music soundtrack on the other hand is hit or miss.<br /><br />Sgt. Tom Sharky was an Atlantic narcotic agent before a slip-out during a bust saw him demoted to vice work. Along with his new squad they come across a prostitution ring which catches their interest due to fact it's owned by one hard-to-track and to convict crime lord. What they dig up involves a prominent government figure and a call-girl which can give them some important names but they must get to her before she's made a target.<br /><br />Burt Reynold's acts but also directs in an unyieldingly firm and muscular fashion which would suit his laconically hard-nosed performance and Gerald Di Pego's thematically hard-bitten and taut screenplay (that was adapted from William Diehl's novel). Well he does show some sort of heart/insightful thoughts amongst that armor within the scenes involving the fetchingly able British actress Rachel Ward be it the stake-out scenes when he's watching her from another building (and slowly becoming infatuated by her) to when they finally come together but these latter interactions mid-way through do slow up the momentum but give it noir like strokes. The performances are fairly spot on with Reynold's formulating a great rapport with exceptional actors Charles Durning Earl Holliman Brian Keith Richard Libertini and Bernie Casey. The scathing profanity and witty dialogues between these guys were a blast. As for the corrupt villains Vittorio Gassman builds imposing strength and power but it's Henry Silva (who seems born for these roles) icily cunning and unstoppable turn that makes the show. Where his appearance seems to outline things to come and help them fall into place. Plus his adrenaline-filled and violent cat and mouse climax with Sharky and his team is brilliantly done.<br /><br />The exciting action passages might be quick and dry but remain lethally violent like an immensely teeth-grinding interrogation sequence. Some handy old fashion filming techniques add to the suspense. The intriguing material keeps it quite tactical being character derived but when we think its smooth sailing it offers up a blunt surprise or two along with some intensely brunt confrontations.
critique1733 If you enjoy the subtle (yes I said subtle) actions and reactions of John Candy you can't help but like this film (pronounced "fillum" by Salvatore DiPasquale). The unobservant (and uninformed) watcher always saw Candy as a broad actor - a big buffoon. And sometimes he was (see "Stripes" and "Splash"). But when given the opportunity he could really be razor-sharp and quite subtle. It's too bad he was cast in so many roles that only showed his broad side because we'll never get to see more of the other. Oh yeah the movie. One can watch "Going Berserk" over and over (I know I have) with the frequency of "Caddyshack." It's just that good. The plot although a little convoluted is actually fairly deep for a farce of this kind. It allows Candy and the always under-rated Joe Flaherty and Eugene Levy to bounce off of Candy...and they bounce HARD. Definitely worth a glance for anyone who enjoyed SCTV or Candy's other work.
critique1734 One of the best lesser known occult oriented horror movies of the seventies. It's gritty exciting scary surrealistic here and there and at moments even very smart which can't be said about many of the movies this kind. I can't help seeing some stinging symbolic and metaphoric points at the seventies society and generation stuff of the time this movie was done. The scriptwriter has obviously been cooking while delivering also some good old "from the crypt" kind of scenes. With a job well done from a creative director the result is entertaining and thought provoking. The simple yet effective ending specially shows how these things are treated right by those who can.<br /><br />The excellent cast were mostly unknown to me except L. Q. Jones as the moody but funny sheriff and Strother Martin as the town doctor. Martin not surprisingly always ends up stealing the movie. With that voice and skill he is one of the greatest loonies in movies for me anyway. What an actor!<br /><br />So it is a little bit of mystery to me why this movie has not gathered far greater recognition. I think it would deserve almost equal place in the occult horror canon alongside Rosemary's Baby and The Exorcist. One helluva movie!
critique1735 I saw FAREWELL TO HARRY at the Plaza Theatre while in New York city and was quite taken. The performance of William Hall Jr. is tremendous. This is a movie for the classic movie goer. Garrett Bennett's direction reminds me of early Barry Levinson and Robert Redford's work. The movie seems to transcend the typical independent film. It has a soul and a visual power that is quite unique. I saw this with a small audience (400) who were captivated from the moment of the first credit to the last and although I wasn't out and out crying (like the lady next to me) I do have to admit I had a little watering in the eyes...<br /><br />
critique1736 This movie is the best one forever upon the warm feelings of this real love story during the Korean war by the story of Hy sun the Eurasian doctor and Mark Elliot an American corespondent at the shadow of different habits between east and west upon his quotation in the love scene between two lovers when he invited her to dance (The relationship between east and west must be close) in spite of Chinese habits and customs that destiny made their great role by appointing between them to replace the pains for both (Elliot suffered from failure marriage ) and (Hy sun suffered from the harmful shoot of her husband by Chinese communists at the time of Mao Ze dung in 1949).<br /><br />She could not stop the decision of destiny in spite of her practical profile because love has a magnetic spirit for everyone seek for happiness  soul and brilliant memory as the final quotation by the voice of Elliot after his death and the sadness receive for Hy Sun for this hard situations when she went to the hill the source of this love under the tree to say goodbye for his body and live with his soul among their souvenirs.
critique1737 Newly-pregnant Knight bolts from husband for non-specific reasons which are apparently self-related. On the road she becomes entangled with Caan brain-damaged former football star and Duvall wacky but abusive cop. The type of movie that could only have been spawned in the 60's. Worth a look for its non-formula plot and for early performances by future stars.<br /><br />Disappointing resolution does not take away too much from rest of flick which shows an interesting slice of life.
critique1738 On the surface "Written on the Wind" is a lurid glossy soap opera about the sexual dysfunctions of a Texas oil family. But underneath it all is a deep social commentary on 1950's life. Director Douglas Sirk scores again with another Univeral sudser. Robert Stack falls in love with Lauren Bacall. The problem is that Stack's best pal Rock Hudson loves her too. When Stack finds out he's sterile and Bacall ends up pregnant the fireworks fly. And the all-too-good Dorothy Malone won an Oscar for her portrayl of Texas' biggest nympho who is shunned by Hudson. Good epic soap opera.
critique1739 Should this be an American movie I'd rate it 7: we've seen this before. Being this an Argentinean movie and being myself Argentine I'd like to give it a 10 since it's the kind of quality I'd been hoping -rather than expecting- for. It's superb quality is astonishing given all the limitations imposed by the 3rd World...<br /><br />I can't forget the scene when DÃƒÂ­az forces Silverstein's fiancÃƒÂ© to confess -you know what I mean if you saw the movie. I think that's the key moment of the movie not surprising maybe yet original. That's when the real action begins.<br /><br />Before watching a movie I always try to gather some previous information. Being this a mainstream satyric commercial one I press "Play" and make a suspension of reality and logic I'd say the best state of mind to enjoy movies like this. It's impossible to discuss the plausibility of the whole plot yet it's believable in a certain way. As for me I couldn't stop laughing at every single joke and commentary -"sos malo" ("you're mean")... put in the mouth of DÃƒÂ­az the greatest one.<br /><br />I'm rather tired of seeing movies "designed for" Peretti. I know he's a superb actor but sometimes I feel his roles unfairly opaque the rest Luis Luque's role in this case. I'm not very fond of Argentine television so I haven't seen much work from Luque but it's pretty obvious that he's an excellent performer. His physical role his stares his content attitude in this movie made me fall in love with his performance. I think his role should need some upgrading just to let him show us how great he can be!<br /><br />I don't know whether SzifrÃƒÂ³n is planning to make a sequel or not. I know he won't make it if it's to follow the rule that "second parts were never good" so if he makes it I'll surely go see it. And I hope that in the future takes into account the possibility to give Peretti's counterparts the same chances to develop their roles.<br /><br />Great movie great performances and lots of laughs!
critique1740 I'm not a huge fan of Lucio Fulci's films. Most of his 80s gore films had their moments but often came across as second-rate Dario Argento imitations. With the exception of the entertaining "Zombi" (which was a George Romero imitation) I didn't really enjoy them. I know Italian horror often disregards the plot but the storyline and characters in his films were just far too thread bare even by the standards. This is why "Don't Torture a Duckling" surprised me. Its actually a very well made film with an engrossing murder mystery. Its possibly the best giallo ever made only seriously rivaled by Dario Argento's entries into the genre. And unlike Fulci's previous giallo "A Lizard in a Woman's Skin" this never drags.<br /><br />Fulci's direction here is quite good. He keeps the story moving at a good pace and maintains the viewer's interest throughout. Also the conclusion to the mystery comes as a complete surprise to the audience. Plus he adds some clever touches such as the upbeat soul music during a particularly disturbing graveyard beating sequence. Overall the violence here is restrained and only used when necessary for the story. The acting is good for the most part also full of familiar faces from 70s Italian exploitation cinema. Both Thomas Milian and Barbara Bouchet are super cool throughout. The only weak link is Florinda Bolkan whose performance is just far too over-the-top. Its the only laughable aspect of the film. "Don't Torture a Duckling" definitely comes with my recommendation and may be a good introduction to the giallo subgenre as a whole. (8/10)
critique1741 Anyone with a young boy in the house who won't watch black & white movies should put this on their television set. When the child walks by wondering what all the on screen shouting and shooting's about tell him this is a picture for adults and that he isn't big enough to watch it yet. That'll hold him there for a few minutes; director George Stevens and his team will keep him to the end.<br /><br />I think my father did that to me anyway and I'm the better man for it. This classic adventure yarn set in India during the British occupation features a trio of Army sergeants who find their tight union facing dissolution as one prepares to marry his sweetheart. Help arrives in the form of a vicious Thuggie revolt that the soldiers find themselves united against.<br /><br />"Gunga Din" was one of the great movies to come out of Hollywood's finest year 1939. Even more than most great movies from that Golden year it is entertaining in a very immediate and accessible way. The theme music is instant hummable nirvana. While shot in California the camera work (the only thing in "Gunga Din" that got so much as an Oscar nomination) has a windblown grandeur that feels very much like the Raj of a hundred years before. The battle scenes are shot in a very realistic manner not too violent but very messy as people fall and shoot and run in all corners of each frame in a way that feels real not staged like some Cecil B. DeMille Biblical slaughter fest.<br /><br />The script doesn't just set up action scenes it also develops the relationship of the three sergeants with great dollops of humor. The main focus is on Sgt. Cutter chasing after tall tales of golden treasures. It's a rare actioner for Cary Grant and his lightness is just right for a film that never takes itself seriously even as it develops taut suspense.<br /><br />Anchoring the trio is Sgt. MacChesney (Victor McLaglen) who dotes over his elephant Annie and tries to protect Cutter from his own hare-brained schemes. He's just as funny in his own way leaving Sgt. Ballantine (Douglas Fairbanks Jr. displaying some nice Errol Flynnish dash) as the one with the love interest and grounding enough to know he needs to chuck his boyish pals and grow up.<br /><br />If "Gunga Din" was a Lifetime movie it would be about Joan Fontaine's efforts to save her man from his two loser friends and their skull crushing hijinks. But since it's a guys' film the accent here is on how the threesome must stay together and save Ballantine from a fate worse than death not only marriage but as Cutter indignantly exclaims several times the tea business too.<br /><br />The political correctness police are hard on this film not so much for the gender issue but the idea of British soldiers saving poor Indians from the vicious Thuggies. It reeks of colonial apologia. Thankfully this film was made back when and the producers thus felt no need to spell out the obvious liberalism at the heart of the film that these three sergeants so full of derring-do and false racial pride have to be saved along with the rest of their army by a humble bhisti that only one of the three had any time for when he sought their approval. After all for all their swashbuckling glory the film's true sacrifice involves the title character played so heart-wrenchingly by Sam Jaffe.<br /><br />Back when this film was made movie mogul Jack Warner had a saying: You want to send a message use Western Union. Still it seems like the messages were flying fast and furious in "Gunga Din." I watch the film now and wonder if audiences back then were meant to wonder what Gunga Din was really up to when he led Cutter to the golden temple. Was he really plotting revenge against his British overlords? Would he have been justified in doing so especially given MacChesney's cold treatment of him? When Col. Weed delivers that eulogy the poem by Rudyard Kipling on which the film is loosely based was it with a nod in the direction of imperialism's folly of lording it over someone who proved "a better man than I am" in the end? What did they make of the Guru's great speech delivered in perfect clipped English: "You have sworn an oath as soldiers to maybe die for a faith which is your country England. Well I can die for my country and my faith as readily as you...India farewell."<br /><br />Of course the same character also instructs his brutal followers: "Kill for the love of killing! Kill for the love of Kali! Kill! Kill! Kill!" Which means we are allowed to hate him and root for the British and save the questions about what it all means for later.<br /><br />What "Gunga Din" means to me most of all is the quickest surest 90-minute thrill ride on video. Cutter never found his golden temple but there's one for all of us watching "Gunga Din."
critique1742 Frank Langella steals my heart in everything he has ever been in! I love watching him!! i was 10 yrs old (1979) when i seen him for the first time.i eagerly await each and everything he'll be acting in. hopefully one day i can see him in person. he's very hypnotic and mysterious and that voice is commanding and strong! he is very attractive even now at 65 he is absolutely stunning!!!! In my opinion he is the greatest actor iv'e ever seen! i adored him in "Dracula" ( along with a lot of other girls out there) and in "god created woman""house of D""Jason and the argonauts" and many more. i thought he was genius!!!!!! can't wait to see him in "good night and good luck"
critique1743 By the time it opened "Heaven's Gate" had become to its detriment more a cultural phenomenon than a motion picture. At a time when concern about excessive budgets and directorial arrogance were growing it was a convenient target as it was a far-over-budget work by the latest "auteur" to hit Hollywood who had not yet established the track record that would have given him the benefit of the doubt among critics and the industry alike. As someone pointed out at the time no one was going to jump on Warren Beatty's even-more costly and dark "Reds" because Beatty was "one of us" while Michael Cimino had not achieved that status.<br /><br />But "Heaven's Gate" was also affected by a cultural change taking place at that time the political move rightwards and toward a more unquestioning patriotism and enshrinement of the myth of the West (and the Western). A few years earlier Cimino's demythologizing of the frontier might have seemed timely fresh and a necessary corrective. But by 1980 in the wake of the Reagan Revolution it was thought of as nearly un-American.<br /><br />Which is a shame because the film seen from the vantage point of several decades away is a fascinating and thought-provoking look at that particular time and place as a world where life was in Hobbes's words "nasty brutish and short." Kristofferson plays James Averill an upper-class Easterner who in search of adventure becomes a sheriff in Wyoming where he finds himself having to lead a resistance by the settlers and squatters against an attack by a mercenary death-squad hired by wealthy landowners including Averill's lifelong best friend. In a more innocent time Averill and his rag-tag "army" of poor farmers would emerge triumphant; but this is anything but a traditional Western and when the U.S. Cavalry joins the fight here it isn't on the side of the "good guys."<br /><br />Much like "The Deer Hunter" Cimino's previous film "Heaven's Gate" spends a great deal of time building up the details of the lives of its principals giving the film an at-times leisurely pace that nevertheless leads to a gripping conclusion. With excellent acting a fine musical score and the visual texture that makes one believe one is actually seeing the "Old West" through new eyes "Heaven's Gate" is a film that rewards repeat viewings. I only wish that MGM would put out a new DVD with an improved transfer and a commentary by Cimino. Nonetheless the current version is satisfactory enough to let viewers see what critics in 1980 possibly blinded by the film's cultural subtexts managed to miss...that "Heaven's Gate" is a great film.
critique1744 I LOVE this movie! Beautifully funny and utterly believable characters. Each scene richer and more wonderful than the last. Every aspect of this movie is filled with wit and humour and love and depth. A complex and engrossing story too. This movie is filled with love humour and intelligence. Totally great!
critique1745 Having never heard of this film until I saw the rental DVD I as a bit sceptical there have been many films in the past with good ensemble casts that can't do anything film a bad script and in some cases don't seem to care.<br /><br />Well having just watched it there was no reason not to give this movie a theatrical release it IS good. The story like most in this genre can seem a little forced at times but there does appear to be a good amount of realism here too that allows the momentum to carry. I was pleasantly surprised at how good a job Justin Timberlake does here too with such a major role OK he's not Oscar material yet but he'll learn with each role and he shows a LOT of promise for the future here. Dylan McDermott too was amazingly good in his unexpectedly nasty role and is definitely the cream of the crop in this movie.<br /><br />Ultimately just give it a go. you won't be disappointed you won't be bored in fact I think you'll be more than happy with the end result.
critique1746 I've seen many Dustin Hoffman's movies like Straw Dogs or Rain Man and I liked them but his characters are much to often calm or even shy persons. I expected him to be in this movie the same as he was in Straw Dogs but I saw a totally different person. He was much more energetic in this film and kinda reminded me of Al Pacino in Serpico. The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end. I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son. This movie is also revealing. Personally I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.
critique1747 Great Movie! The sound track is awesome! Very relaxing sound. Elton was ahead of his own time even back in 1971. Lewis Gilbert did a magnificent job producing and directing this film! The movie was romantic and a breath of fresh air. The sound tracks written by Sir Elton complimented the movie to a T. Rex Morris does a great job with the tenor sax on the song "Honey Roll" and poem "I Meant To Do My Work Today" by Richard Le Gallienne was incredible! Kudos to everyone involved with this fantastic film! It was no surprise that a lot of the people involved with this movie went on to become the best in their field.
critique1748 Aaron Carter plays the pop star(J.D. McQueen) in this movie (surprise surprise). This is a typical movie where the leading lady (Jane) has a huge crush on J.D. McQueen the pop star (as well as many other girls) but she's the lucky one that gets to spend the days with J.D. and forms a relationship with him that is more like a fantasy. J.D. has to go to a public school to keep his math grade up in order to do his summer tour. Problem is J.D. isn't good at math. He finds the smartest person in school (Jane) to tutor him. Jane tutors and falls in love with J.D. J.D. in return falls in love with as well but J.D. screws up and has to fix everything in order to win the girl and make the summer tour. The movie is definitely worth watching. Aaron will be a GREAT actor!!!
critique1749 * Firstly although many say it is the worst of the series i don't think that it is trueconsidering this one ideally reflects the 21 century teen mentality .it brings perfect opportunities to make you laugh and remind you of the good teenager times when you would have liked to have same fun as the characters do.<br /><br />* I Agree with the fact that it is a teenager movie but comedy movies nowadays aren't supposed to be for teenagers?i mean... cinemas are mostly the place for teenagers to hang out; plus seeing such a movie during a sleepover or something like that is very good for having a very good time.<br /><br />* Many comment about the amount of nudity in this movie. Well...let's get real...doesn't that reflect the thoughts of teen guys like those from the movie? what would you like to see...smart booksromantic stuff? that is not at all what would be in those teenagers' minds ...<br /><br />* To conclude i think that if you are a teenager you must absolutely see the movie and even if you are a real grown up man or a woman you should see it if you still have a teen mind or you often think about how it was being a teenageror things like that. Thanks for reading!
critique1750 Like the 5-year old protagonists of his latest opus Hayao Miyazaki's "Ponyo" enchants with its unbridled innocence as though the anime-meister has become a child himself in weaving a narrative that relishes in its simplicity and emits an infectious charm in the process. Miyazaki recalling his earlier works paints a brightly-colored world obviously geared for the younger audiences and the raw effervescence gleefully strips off the grim thematic elements that distinguish its immediate predecessors.<br /><br />Ponyo (voiced lovably by Yuria Nara) a fish with a young girl's face (making her look like a cuddly child in a pink overgrown Halloween costume) escapes away from her underwater home and her school of siblings to explore the surface. Stranded ashore she is rescued by Sosuke (Hiroki Doi) a five-year old boy who along with his mom Risa (Tomoko Yamaguchi) resides in a house on the nearby cliff. This initial encounter and eventually friendship has a profound effect on Ponyo who now wishes to become human but by becoming so inadvertently tips nature's balance and unleashes a maelstrom on land. With Sosuke's help Ponyo must pass a test to lift this curse and completely become a human.<br /><br />Despite the plot lacking the philosophical sophistication of say his most recent "Spirited Away" "Ponyo" is nothing short of an astounding follow-up characterized by the extremely diligent attention to detail and masterful balancing of the real and the fantastic and of the simple joys and great fears. It's a straightforward tale that though at times stalled by its tendency to ramble like a toddler keeps in tune with its youthful pedigree to magically enthrall. "I will protect you" Sosuke tells Ponyo matter-of-factly a childlike assertion not unlike the manner in which Miyazaki endows his story with artful spirit.
critique1751 Though not a huge fan I am a Three Stooges purist. I believe that their best work by far was with Curly as the third Stooge and their earliest films are generally their best. That's because after a while they began remaking their films and the gags started to get stale. Here in 1934 they were still rather fresh (in more ways than one) and funny.<br /><br />Here they boys play very improbably roles--respected doctors in a hospital! The three run amok acting silly hitting each other and scaring the pants off anyone who expects to get better. The non-stop energy and freshness make this one a must-see for fans.<br /><br />By the way although I liked this film I STRONGLY recommend you try to find a much lesser known short from tiny Educational Pictures. NIFTY NURSES is much like MEN IN BLACK but manages to be funnier and is about the best hospital comedy of the era--better even than Laurel & Hardy's COUNTY HOSPITAL.
critique1752 First of all this was not a three hour movie - Two hours ten minutes... last time i checked commercials aren't actually part of a movie! Perhaps though it should've been a two parter for a total of about 3 hours? Yeah would have gotten more in been able to explore some more emotion. Overall though it was an interesting look into the lives of Lucy and Desi. I watch I Love Lucy from time to time and love it but never have I read or seen a biography never knew anything about their lives off the screen. Because of this movie I do now but I'm not so sure that's a good thing. Everything here no one really needed to know. This was essentially a movie that didn't need to be made. But it was made and the reason is because Lucy & Desi are still such huge stars and certain people in American society feel that the rest of society needs to know ALL about our tv and movie stars. That is definitely so not true and very very sad.<br /><br />Anyway what was shown here in Lucy was pretty good. Two complaints - the actress who played Viv Vance - not great casting at all. And the switch from Madeline Zima to Rachel York.... uhhh like Lucy had plastic surgery and all of a sudden she's a whole new person!? That wasn't too great. But the story went on and focused on the rocky relationship between Lucy & Desi. No the kids were not shown very much at all and that wasn't necessarily a drawback to this movie because like I said this focused mainly just on Lucy & Desi. Had there been more time had the story been more about Lucy's entire life then maybe the kids woulda been there more. But they weren't so we got to see the likes of Gable & Lombard Red Skelton and Buster Keaton very briefly instead. Wow that was one thing about this story that I thought was really cool: his presence and influence in Lucy's life. Really neat and it's too bad that wasn't explored more. Oh well. What was explored was done well for the most part. Honestly I don't think I'll ever watch this again and I don't think this movie'll be that memorable. For someone who digs I Love Lucy but isn't an enormous Lucille Ball fan this should be an interesting watch. My grade for this: B
critique1753 Pierce Brosnan the newest but no longer James Bond is an assassin. He is very very good at what he does but he's getting old and tired. Greg Kinnair is really good as the straight and narrow business man. Now when the story opens the movie shows these two people in their separate lives. Then one night they are having drinks in a bar and they begin to talk. Then all of a sudden you find these two people getting drawn together during a series of events. The story is excellent the acting is top notch and the humor is hilarious I never thought that Pierce Brosnan would be this funny but he really is and I must say this movie is a must see.
critique1754 I would imagine that if Steve McQueen knew he would go on to become an icon and start "Wanted: Dead of Alive" the same year this film came out or be in The Magnificent Seven two years later he would not have done it. But he did and we are the richer for it.<br /><br />Sure it's a camp classic. Horror the way it was meant to be for the drive-in theater. It's fun and nostalgic.<br /><br />It is interesting that the last lines of the film were:<br /><br />Lieutenant Dave: At least we've got it stopped. Steve Andrews: Yeah as long as the Arctic stays cold. <br /><br />They never would have imagined 52 years ago that the Arctic would be thawing. The Blob will soon return.
critique1755 This is a movie I had never even thought of seeing until my 3 year old spotted it at the video store and grabbed it after liking the cover picture of the animals on Nabooboo Island. We got it and have watched it repeatedly since; in fact we've rented it several times since. There are very few non-animated movies that my son will watch and pay attention to; what a nice change from Dumbo and the Little Mermaid. The acting is outstanding the songs are compelling they get deep into your head and you can't help but singing along. The storyline while specifically about WW2 is timeless in it's own way and there is something new to see every time you watch. I've heard it compared to Mary Poppins but I think they are two very different movies both excellent but somehow my son has no interest at all in Mary Poppins. This is one of those movies that kids will want to watch over and over again and one that parents won't mind complying with. There are days we watch it before nap time and bed time and I don't feel that groan coming that comes when he wants to repeat any other movie.
critique1756 After the success of Die Hard and it's sequels it's no surprise really that in the 1990s a glut of 'Die Hard on a .....' movies cashed in on the wrong guy wrong place wrong time concept. That is what they did with Cliffhanger Die Hard on a mountain just in time to rescue Sly 'Stop or My Mom Will Shoot' Stallone's career.<br /><br />Cliffhanger is one big nit-pickers dream especially to those who are expert at mountain climbing base-jumping aviation facial expressions acting skills. All in all it's full of excuses to dismiss the film as one overblown pile of junk. Stallone even managed to get out-acted by a horse! However if you an forget all the nonsense it's actually a very lovable and undeniably entertaining romp that delivers as plenty of thrills and unintentionally plenty of laughs.<br /><br />You've got to love John Lithgows sneery evilness his tick every box band of baddies and best of all the permanently harassed and hapless 'turncoat' agent Rex Linn as Travers.<br /><br />He may of been Henry in 'Portrait of a Serial Killer' but Michael Rooker is noteworthy for a cringe-worthy performance as Hal he insists on constantly shrieking in painful disbelief at his captors 'that man never hurt anybody' And whilst he surely can't be it really does look like Ralph Waite's Frank character is grinning as the girl plummets to her death.<br /><br />Mention too must go to former 'London's Burning' actor Craig Fairbrass as the Brit bad guy who comes a cropper whilst using Hal as a Human Football yes you can't help enjoy that bit Hal needed a good kicking.<br /><br />So forget your better judgement who cares if 'that could never happen' lower your acting expectations turn up the volume and enjoy! And if you're looking for Qaulen he's the one wearing the helicopter.
critique1757 This film is absolute gold. If you haven't seen it do. Mani Ratnam outdoes himself once again. This film introduced me to Nandita Das as well though everyone shines in this movie. My only regret is I've never found a copy with subtitles to the lyrics of the songs. We are led from the jungle of northern Sri Lanka to the serene beaches of Southern India as well as from the terror of war to the ultimate conquest by love of the human heart. Beautiful subtle witty with a few hidden surprises waiting for the viewer this movie stands up to being seen again and again and the story within the story The Umbrella is done so well as we watch the scene unfold from drawings in a book. Lovely. Watch it.
critique1758 Most of the comments so far have nailed this one right on the head. Viewers under "a certain age" and with IQ's of three digits should avoid "Chance of a Lifetime" like a George W.Bush appointee facing a Congressional grilling.<br /><br />The cast is composed largely of veterans who know their way around a well-written script. Is the premise wildly original? No but the movie stands out like a lighthouse at midnight in the current and non-ending glut of movies/TV geared to the most-desirable audience demographic of teenagers and "young adults"<br /><br />In addition to Betty White and Leslie Neilsen in the leads the cast also has ever-reliable veterans like Elaine Stritch and William Windom. The sharp dialog is effortlessly and effectively delivered by these pros.<br /><br />"Chance of a Lifetime" is definitely not a movie for the Will Ferrell/Adam Sandler/"Saw" slasher gore-fests "American Eye Dull" and ninety percent of the rest of the sludge ground out by Hollywood and TV.
critique1759 I first saw this film when I was flipping through the movie channels on my parents DirecTV. It was on the Sundance channel and was just starting. I love music especially late 60s and this is what the BJM sounded like (The Dandys are alright). Everything about the Brian Jonestown Massacre intrigued me from the music to Anton and Joel's personalities to the illicit drug use. It was funny because as I was watching the first party scene when everyone is doing lines my parents walked by and decided to watch (The look on their faces were priceless). Anyways this is definitely one of my favorite movies because it introduced me to The Brian Jonestown Massacre who is now my favorite band of all time.<br /><br />just watch it... seriously
critique1760 Indeed Cynthia Watros is in this movie as Elizabeth talking to Desmond. Though I'm just wondering how she ended up as a 'rehab patient'(?) where Hurley is also in there trying to reduce his weight (as seen from the previous episodes).<br /><br />Anyway this last episode is really suspended. The ending is not so understandable. I think the writer did expect the audience that there is a season 3 coming.<br /><br />I just hope the next season will give light to more unclear/hanging events that were happened.<br /><br />Just can't wait further for season 3.
critique1761 Thriller is brilliant. It is a long video but simply brilliant nonetheless. The song itself is...excellent...add Michael JAckson dancing and you have a golden Phenomenon. Out of all the videos I have ever seen this is the best. If you have not seen the video yet then I urge you...<br /><br />The special effects are amazing for it's time... everything from the wearwolf transformation to the idea of these creepy zombies slowly raising from their graves is grand...spookishly grand that is. Vicent Price has his segment of bone-shivering lines...known simply as "the rap" Ola Ray does good as Michael's girl and Michael JAckson himself...the dancing and singing (although not during the video itself) is unmatched...<br /><br />10/10.
critique1762 The subject is World War II and Robert Ryan is a rejected soldier whom Lupino hires as handyman. She is a war widow.<br /><br />The set is limited but the acting makes up for this. Robert Ryan is conflicted: one moment he seems nice then confused about where he lives. At first Lupino tries to help him. He seems troubled but nothing more dangerous. But how do we know? The suspense builds. I truly enjoy films like this which rely on the human element for suspense. What is this man capable of?. There are some scenes with O.Z. Whitehead and Dee Pollock as an annoying grocery boy who sees something is wrong. We keep thinking she will be helped then Ryan's personality turns again. He becomes like a Jekyll/Hyde character and eventually chases Lupino with a knife.<br /><br />Worth watching for these two superb actors. 9/10.
critique1763 Actually this movie has silly moments both in the claymation part and in the Joe Pesci and children part and it's much worse than other MJ movies like "The Wiz" "Captain Eo" and "Ghosts". But as a die hard Michael Jackson fan since almost eleven years (Yeah that's half my life you guys!) I can't complain too much about it. Just seeing this lovely guy and hearing his wonderful music is a trip to Heaven for me. But as a movie it's not good at all and I'm afraid that it would get a much lower grade for me if my darling Mike hadn't been the one starring in it. But since no one but Mike IS the moonwalker it has to get a 7 out of 10 from me.
critique1764 This is a great game! Okay perhaps it didn't have some of the features it was meant to have but Digital Anvil have still come up with a good game. There is a certain similarity to Elite(you can trade pick up weapons and cargo off destroyed ships go on missions)however this game features a heavily scripted mission. It is a great mission. The control system is different it uses the mouse! You basically fly you spaceship around a system and work your way up! The game features some pretty good graphics even through it was made in 2003. It should run well on even a modestly specified PC. The story features some great voice acting from John Rhys Davies George Takei Jennifer Hale(she appears in every computer game). Stick with the story it gets better and better as it goes on. There is even a race section where you and an opponent have to race your spaceships around a course(it involves you going through rings). This section took me a while to beat. It adds variety to the game. Some sections are a little tough here and there but overall you can beat this game. The game has an active mod scene on the Net. Pick up some mods to extend the game. I haven't played any of the mods yet. <br /><br />Sadly a sequel to this was cancelled a shame!
critique1765 Absolutely the best thing I have ever seen on TV. It was both entertaining and informative. The reason I found this site is an attempt to find out how I can again see it.<br /><br />In the light of present understanding of history we have to sympathize with Gen. Leslie Groves who was responsible for the nuts and bolts of running the Manhattan Project. Most certainly he was not as paranoid about security as most have thought in the past. <br /><br />The casting for the real life people portrayed was outstanding. It was the first time that I noticed Sam Waterston as an actor. Except for height he looked very much like Robert Oppenheimer.<br /><br />The early scene in which Oppenheimer is leading a class of graduate students was especially intriguing to me.
critique1766 This is one of the great modern kung fu films. A lot of the reviews seem to miss the point that the comedy is based on a quite subtle at times (at other times right in your face) contrast between old and new China. Kara Hui for instance is called a country bumpkin and gets into trouble whenever she tries to adapt to the new but in the end to save her families honour dresses as an old fashioned heroine in contrast to the modern military style of Hsiao Ho. Gordon Liu seems to have played his part for laughs playing off his serious monk persona with silly wigs and a guitar. The end fight is simply fantastic and ends in a defeat for Johnny Wang rather than death. Kwan Yung Moon should be mentioned for his great playing of a thug with 'invincible armour' - simply terrific. And Kara Hui does some magnificent acting and fighting. A great film.
critique1767 Night Of The Demons is definitely one the definitive cheesy 80's demons horror flick in the same vein as the brilliant Evil Dead and Demons movies. This movie combines boozy sexually active teens and demons into one hell of a fun movie. A definite welcome addition after the 80's were overrun by slasher flicks it was nice to see something a little different.<br /><br />The plot follows a group of teens who all meet up for a Halloween party at hull house which used to be funeral parlour hosted by Angela. About 40-minutes of boozing and sexing eventually leads to a demon or demons finding their way out of the furnace and possessing each and every one of the teens. Add some snazzy make-up effects lots of gore and cool-looking demons and you've got yourself a sweet 80's cheese-fest that would be ranked as one of the best demon-related films in many horror fans' lists.<br /><br />Firstly I loved the setting for this movie "Hull House" is really creepy and scary and the perfect setting for a horror movie and plus when the Demons emerge that's when the action really kicks in and it becomes a night of terror and fear. This movie spawned 2 sequels the first one in 1994 which was okay but nothing come pared to this and the third one titled Demon House was absolutely horrendous. This is one of those horrors that has definitely stood the test of time and remains a true gem of mine for many years to come.<br /><br />All in all a fun cheesy flick with Demons that's definitely worth checking out.
critique1768 This movie just felt very true to life. I liked the ending which seemed to resolve naturally without any big moments but with a lot of little moments coming together. You could tell it is an honest love story. It doesn't matter what the 'sexual orientation' of the main characters are it still a story about love and understanding.<br /><br />There were a lot of scenes that involved the family. The setting is during what for some people is a very stressful time. Namely "the holidays." Christmas to be precise. <br /><br />Like most good films this one addresses issues of love fitting in expectations and can't-be-overcome biases. In the end Alexandra and Casey make a choice for each other knowing that love is difficult and about giving. Well done.
critique1769 This movie has it all. Sight gags subtle jokes play on words and verses. It is about a rag tag group of boys from different ethnic and social classes that come together to defeat a common enemy. If you watch this more than once you will find you are quoting it like Animal House (and yes I love Animal House also). I put in the top 15 funniest movies. The Major at a boys military academy is paranoid that every kid is bad and wants to cause trouble (in this movie he is right). He is sadistic uncaring cruel and has to be taken down. The group of boys that do not get along at first end up teaming together to survive and get rid of the Major with a wacky plan only Mad Magazine could of wrote. A must see - you will love it!
critique1770 Tempo Di Uccidere (Time To Kill) by Guiliano Montaldo is a bit of a strange film but it's good in it's own way.<br /><br />I won't bother with a summary of the plot. Most that I've read gives the wrong impression and makes me believe that most people who wrote those didn't really understand the film. And you need to understand it to some level even if you cannot describe for yourself what it's actually about. This film is strange in a "Once Upon a Time in America" way- only shorter.<br /><br />Many 'Hollywood' stars (whatever that may mean...) have played in lesser known Italian productions. It's known that many actors who are past their prime or slowly rising to it do this. Cage was not yet a real star when this was made. I'm not a fan of him. He's very good in some roles (Raising Arizona Bringing out the Dead) and weak when he plays the hero. I don't really know what to think of him in this one but he sure doesn't portray the typical hero main character. This film could have done without him but the fact that he starred may be the only reason this one ever made it to DVD.<br /><br />The supporting cast is good. Not one of them looks fake and they act as if they are really there. Solid support.<br /><br />I have seen 3 films by Montaldo (Marco Polo Sacco&Vanzetti and this one) and I think he is one of the greater directors of this time. Unfortunately nobody knows him. This movie was his last in a long time (a break of 19 years). I think that this movie might have failed at the office but from the way it is done I think that for Montaldo it was a personal project that he really liked.<br /><br />The production is great. It's always enough. The dusty army camps the claustophobic cities and the magnificent landscape all play a great part. It all feels very real. In some scenes you can almost feel the heat. The sound itself is nothing special but the music by Ennio Morricone is very good. It's not a piece that you will whistle when in the shower but it sure works great.<br /><br />So this movie looks feels and sounds just right. It doesn't serve the lessons learned from it on a golden platter but that may be the biggest difference between Hollywood and euro-cinema all around. It might sound strange to give it an 8 and not recommend it to people but that is what I do. If you are looking for action; avoid this one! If you are looking for a well made Apocalypse Now in a different time and setting but with a bit of similar journey into a 'state of mind'(sorry if this sound corny but I don't know what else to call it) you just might enjoy this one a lot.
critique1771 Another comment about this film made it sound lousy. Given talking pictures were so new - I think the script and acting were good. Davis was so young and fresh. She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect. Yet it is great to see her this way - still learning the craft.<br /><br />So many clichÃƒÂ©s came from this film and it seems this film blazed some trails for the next 70 years. My vote is see it and remember how young this type of film was. Keep and open mind and you maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture for being 1934 and how we view the early part of last century as uptight.. I love it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others negative and one note comments.
critique1772 Istanbul is a big  crowded city between Europe and Asia.Too many types of people living together there for hundred years.In this documentary movie you can see how music can give description about the culture of the owner race.<br /><br />You would be able to hear too many types of music including rock  hip-hop  arabesque  alternative and more. Some of the musicians are famous in Turkey  some of them are famous also in Europe. The rest are just street musicians. Their music tell viewers  different faces of a city. <br /><br />Impressive !
critique1773 A year or so ago I was watching the TV news when a story was broadcast about a zombie movie being filmed in my area. Since then I have paid particular attention to this movie called 'Fido' as it finished production and began playing at festivals. Two weeks ago Fido began playing in my local theater. And just yesterday I read a newspaper article which stated Fido is not attracting audiences in it's limited release with the exception of our local theater. In fact here it is outdrawing all other shows at The Paramount Theater including 300. Of course this makes sense as many locals want to see their city on screen or spot themselves roaming around in zombie make-up. And for any other locals who haven't seen Fido yet but are considering it I can say there are many images on screen from the school to city park to the forbidden zone that you will recognize. In fact they make the Okanagan Valley look beautiful. That's right beautiful scenery in a zombie movie! However Fido itself is a very good movie. Yes despite its flaws it is better then most of the 20 other movies playing in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie in which the collie has been replaced by a member of the undead. This is a clever premise. And the movie even goes further by taking advantage of the 1950's emphasize on conformity and playing up the cold-war paranoia which led to McCarthyism. Furthermore it builds on the notion that zombies can be tamed or trained which George Romero first introduced in Day Of The Dead.<br /><br />K'Sun Ray plays a small town boy who's mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) longs for a zombie servant so she can be like all the other house wives on her block. However his dad (Dylan Baker) is against the idea as he once had to kill his own 'zombie father'. Eventually the family does acquire a zombie named 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly) and adjusts to life with the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired casting. He is able to convey Fido's confusion longing hatred and loyalty through only his eyes lumbering body and grunts. Connolly shows that he can play understated characters better than his outrageously comedic ones. This is his best role since Mrs. Brown.<br /><br />Fido follows in the footsteps of other recent zomcoms such as Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. Being someone who appreciates Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae movies more than Eli Roth and Jigsaw ones I prefer humor over gore in my horror. However I understand the criticism of those horror fans who feel there is not enough 'undead carnage' in Fido. Yet I am sure patient viewers will be rewarded by the films gentle humor.<br /><br />The movie does break down in it's third act. It's as if the writers were so wrapped up in the cute premise of domesticated zombies in the 1950s they forgot about the story arc. However given my interest in horror comedies and my appreciation for seeing the neighborhood on screen I rate Fido 9 out of 10.
critique1774 FUTZ is the only show preserved from the experimental theatre movement in New York in the 1960s (the origins of Off Off Broadway). Though it's not for everyone it is a genuinely brilliant darkly funny even more often deeply disturbing tale about love sex personal liberty and revenge a serious morality tale even more relevant now in a time when Congress wants to outlaw gay marriage by trashing our Constitution. The story is not about being gay though -- it's about love and sex that don't conform to social norms and therefore must be removed through violence and hate. On the surface it tells the story of a man who falls in love with a pig but like any great fable it's not really about animals it's about something bigger -- stifling conformity in America.<br /><br />The stage version won international acclaim in its original production it toured the U.S. and Europe and with others of its kind influenced almost all theatre that came after it. Luckily we have preserved here the show pretty much as it was originally conceived with the original cast and original director Tom O'Horgan (who also directed HAIR and Jesus Christ Superstar on Broadway).<br /><br />This is not a mainstream easy-to-take studio film -- this is an aggressive unsettling glorious deeply emotional wildly imaginative piece of storytelling that you'll never forget. And it just might change the way you see the world...
critique1775 I was amazed at the improvements made in an animated film. If you sit close to the screen you will see the detail in the grass and surface structures. The detail colors and shading are at least an order of magnitude better than Toy Story. How they were able to pull off the shading I will never know. I do hope that PIXAR will provide a documentary on how the film was produced so I can find out how all this was accomplished. Based on this film I think animated films of the future will be judged on the basis of this film.
critique1776 Eric Bogosian gives as great a performance as you'll ever see in an Oliver Stone film. His Barry character is an assault rifle disguised as a man and he blows away anyone on or off the air that offends him. Adapted from Bogosian's stage play "Talk Radio" is a vicious and frightening ride that doesn't let you off until it's too late. By then you've become familiar with the fringe of racists rapists paranoids wannabe assassins and mere prank callers who listen speak and lurk in the dark of Dallas nights. <br /><br />Stone behaves himself if that's even possible letting Bogosian dominate every scene from Barry's humble beginnings to the make or break point when his radio show can reach national syndication. The rest of the cast are uniformly excellent as the lovers and/or co-workers that all have being used and tossed aside by Barry in common. <br /><br />The only thing I'd change is the recurring theme music "Bad To The Bone". I'd have used Bachman-Turner Overdrive's "Not Fragile". A better song one I haven't heard in a film so far and a driving relentless tune whose ominous riff is like the true soundtrack to Barry's life.<br /><br />Listen if you dare!
critique1777 A light uplifting and engaging movie. Watching Irene Dunne is a delight! As you watch her she ceases to be Irene Dunne and becomes in every way Paula Wharton.<br /><br />I have enjoyed Irene Dunne in every movie that I have seen and that would be nearly all of them. What a shame that most of her movies need restoration so badly. I do hope Irene Dunne movie are restored before it is too late they are such treasures Thank goodness this is not the case with Over 21.<br /><br />It is a must see if you like superb acting and witty comedy with serious overtones. I agree with a previous comment on the speech "The World and Apple Pie" it was one of the many highlights of the movie. I read somewhere that Irene Dunne helped in writing that speech along with Director Vidor (Irene Dunne was a very good and charitable person in private life) and it certainly seems to show through in her movies!
critique1778 Lifeforce is a truly bizarre adaptation of the novel "The Space Vampires" by Colin Wilson scripted by Dan O'Bannon & Don Jakoby. A joint American-British space exploration team makes a mind-boggling discovery: an alien spacecraft resting inside Halleys' Comet containing three entities that look like people one of them a female beauty (the oh-so-alluring Mathilda May).<br /><br />They take these discoveries back on board their own spacecraft. Big mistake.<br /><br />It turns out that these creatures drain the life out of human beings and as American colonel Carlsen (an intense edgy and committed Steve Railsback) and British S.A.S. colonel Caine (a solid Peter Firth) watch in horror an infestation of vampirism overtakes London with the fate of Earth in the balance.<br /><br />This picture certainly is not lacking in imagination. It moves a little slowly at times but offers so many strange and fanciful ideas and eye-popping visuals that it's hard not to be amused. The first of director Tobe Hoopers' three-picture deal with Cannon Films (he followed it up with "Texas Chainsaw Massacre II" and the "Invaders from Mars" remake) he makes it something truly unique. Incorporating elements of sci-fi vampire films zombie films and end-of-the-world sagas it's like nothing that I've seen before.<br /><br />Railsback and Firth are ably supported by such strong Brit actors as Frank Finlay Patrick Stewart Michael Gothard Aubrey Morris and John Hallam. Mathilda May is very memorable as the bewitching enigmatic villainess; it certainly doesn't hurt that she performs a great deal of her scenes in the nude. Also worth noting is a stirring music score from none other than "Pink Panther" composer Henry Mancini.<br /><br />Ridiculous it may be but I found it to be fun as well. It's flamboyant and spirited entertainment.<br /><br />8/10
critique1779 You can't help but marvel at Hitchcock's early work. "Saboteur" for example is so slick and quick that it's hard to believe he made this film over 60 years ago. There's some propaganda elements but they're woven into the mystery so well that the thing plays beautifully years later. You also get some previews of stuff that Hitchcock would do later--like using a national landmark as a backdrop. This time it's the Statue of Liberty. In "North by Northwest" of course it's Mt. Rushmore. You'll also recognize things that pop up later in "Rear Window" and "Vertigo" in "Saboteur" but let's not give away the show. Robert Cummings is excellent as is the oh-so-charming Otto Kruger. Look for Hitchcock's mini-western in this one. It happens quickly so don't blink.
critique1780 Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to pass out and drift off into a world of her own creation. A bleak world she drew with a sad little boy as the inhabitant of an old dumpy house in the middle of a lonely field. Lacking in detail much like any child drawing the house and it's inhabitant Marc (who can't walk because Anna didn't draw him any legs) are inhabitants of this purgatory/limbo world. Anna begins visiting the boy and the house more frequently trying to figure what's what and in the process tries to help save the boy but her fever is making it harder for her to wake up each time and may not only kill her but trap her and Marc there forever.<br /><br />Wow! Is a good word to sum up Bernard Rose's brilliantly haunting and poetic Paperhouse. A film that is so simple that it's damn near impossible to explain and impossible to forget. While you may find this puppy in your horror section it's anything but. It's more of a serious fantasy expertly directed and exceptionally well acted by it's cast in particular Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet it's not a children's movie either but meant to make us remember those carefree days of old that are now just dark memories. Rose creates a rich tapestry of moody ambiance that creates a thrilling backdrop for the brilliant story and great actors to play with. Paperhouse stays away from trying to explain it's more dreamy qualities and leaves most things to the viewers imagination. There's much symbolism and ambiguity here to sink your teeth into. Paperhouse enjoys playing games with the viewers mind engrossing you with it's very own sense of reasoning. As the story unfolded I was again and again impressed at just how powerful the film managed to be up to the finale which left me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eye.<br /><br />Bernard Rose's visuals are brilliant here. He's able to create an unnervingly bleak atmosphere that appears simple on the surface but as a whole is much greater than the sum of it's parts. The acting is of young Charlotte Burke in this her feature debut is a truly impressing as well. Unfortunately she's not graced the screen since. A much deserved Burnout Central award only seems proper for that performance. Toward the end the movie lags a bit here and there but I was easily able to overlook it. I wished they had took a darker turn creating a far more powerful finale that would have proved to be all the more unnerving and truly riveting in retrospect. The movie as is is still one for the books and deserves to be seen by any serious film lover. It's a poetic ride told through the innocent eyes of a child a powerful film in which much is left to be pondered and far more to be praised.
critique1781 Actually one particular person/character isn't "right there" but my summary line is referring to the power of the movie. And this is all achieved without any fancy camera moves and/or big production sets but with a great story and very (believable) and good actors conveying the story (arc).<br /><br />You could call it a companion piece to great japan movies/cinema (such as Tokyo Story etc.) not so much story-wise of course but more mood-wise! Great acting nuances in the performances that are truly gems. If you're eager to experience a touching story and want to see a movie touching you emotionally than this is the one to go. As you have noticed (as with many of my reviews) I'm not getting into the story. There are places here at IMDb where you can look those up I'm not one to spoiler the story whatsoever!
critique1782 This movie is about two guys who made up a sport on the spot trying to get 2 get the hot chick. BASEketball becomes a nationwide sport. Joe Cooper (Trey Parker) is the beloved captain but is hated when he loses the NBA to some other rival team. He meets the girl of his dreams Yasmine Bleeth and in the end they kiss. the first time i saw this movie i wet my pants it was so funny. a definite must see for all comedy fans. If you love south park you'll love this! Maybe don't watch with kids it is bit inappropriate for little dudes. some duds give it 6 1/2 out of ten i give it 11 out of ten. i like coop he rocks i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this
critique1783 I didn't know anything about this movie before I watched it. It seems to be a lesser-known teen horror from the 80's. What struck me were the ways it differed from so many other movies from that era.<br /><br />The first thing I noticed was how slowly this movie builds. It doesn't do the typical setup of showing characters being murdered one by one. It takes its time building the back story leaving a little bit of mystery about what might happen. I was almost starting to think no one would even really get hurt in this movie. But everything leads to the climatic sequence during the last 15 minutes and then it gets fairly graphic (this was a bad time to take a snack break--I almost couldn't finish my pizza once it started).<br /><br />The characters also seem slightly more three-dimensional than a lot of the cheap teen scare flicks. There conversations were refreshingly level-headed for the most part as opposed to the over-the-top stereotypes you'd expect. For example the girl who is the popular snobby queen-bee of the clique isn't constantly spouting insults at everyone but is capable of having doubts and showing some consideration for others.<br /><br />So to summarize I felt this movie was somewhat original compared to what I expected and a little better made as well. It drew me in kept me interested and then let me have it. As I said it's pretty gory during the finale but almost family friendly much of the rest of the time. I don't need to own it but I'm glad I discovered it.
critique1784 It's hard for me to assign the "fair" number of stars to this film but I settled on 8 because of its high production values and what was in 1968 an innovative approach to the war film. Remember too that I haven't seen it since 1969. But it did make a strong impression.<br /><br />The Long Day's Dying must be one of the most vivid antiwar films ever made. It achieves this simply by portraying in extremely realistic terms the actions of a handful of soldiers in Northwestern Europe in 1944-45. No film before this one showed war at the infantry squad level with so much brutal detail and all in a coldly dispassionate way that lets the actions speak for themselves. There is no preaching no sentimentality no comic relief no complicated scenarios.<br /><br />Unfortunately there's no subtlety either. Partly because of their situation - trying to stay alive - the characters come across as flat familiar clichÃƒÂ©'s. As "entertainment" the film doesn't make it though it was clearly not intended to "entertain." It was intended to slug you over the head with the misery and horror of World War II and modern war in general. This was twenty years before Platoon and thirty before Saving Private Ryan both of which are far more "watchable" films. Here the flat and generally disagreeable characters the lack of an actual plot and the realistically unpleasant images (including what may be the first on-screen vomit in theatrical history) make the film hard to sit through though it is only 95 minutes.<br /><br />So 10 stars for production and realism 4 stars for the feeling you'll have when it's over a bonus star for having its heart in the right place. Average: 8.<br /><br />Like Carl Foreman's underrated "The Victors" an equally downbeat but more interesting and thought-provoking film The Long Day's Dying seems not to be on DVD. Why not? Both films have been on cable a number of times.
critique1785 This movie embodies the soul of modern "elite" foodculture even though the movie is 17 years old. The standing principle in the movie is: Food is more than just nourishing matter. It is also a powerful symbol and a medium for culture itself. The main characters literally get drunk on the finest wine and food become inspired by idealistic thoughts and culture as they let go of their puritanism and passion-denying table manners. Karen Blixens shortstory makes use of the difference between North Europe and South Europe to point out their inherently different approaches to food. As the strict and and rather dull scandinavians get infused with "Eros" from south the party gets going. So what are you waiting for? Go watch it.....again!
critique1786 A lot is dated in this episode (just like most Twilight Zone episodes) such as the Woman's incredibly sexist military "uniform." And some things are so unbelievable like the easy availability of clean water. Still consider the year this was made and the time and you quickly understand why this episode is so special as you watch. It has a nice sense of hope something missing from a lot of Twilight Zones as well as an interesting female character (despite the fact that she rarely speaks) something else rare on the Twilight Zone. "Two" is a great example of how the Twilight Zone in just over 20 minutes could pack more emotion and drama than most two hours movies today. And it's great to see two people who became American icons so early in their careers.
critique1787 Not having seen the film in the original theater release I was happily surprised when the DVD arrived since this film did not have the wide distribution it merited.<br /><br />Denzel Washington directorial debut and the finished product have nothing to envy other films about the same theme by more accomplished directors. The film has a very professional look. It shows that Mr. Washington has learned a lot being on the other side of the camera. He brings a different angle to this film.<br /><br />One of the best things the film has is without a doubt the fine performance by Derek Luke. He is an actor who with the right guidance will go far no doubt. His take on the troubled young man at this point of his life in turmoil and suffering for a bad hand life up to now has dealt him is very true. His Antwone is a fine portrait of a man in pain who is basically very good and has so much to give but no one seems to see that side of his character.<br /><br />At the worst time of his despair Antwone is sent to Dr. Davenport played by Mr. Washington in a very sober if somehow subdued manner. Because of the angst within Antwone he misses the opportunity of opening himself to this man who wants to help but because of the constrains placed on his office just have three sessions and then has to dismiss his patient.<br /><br />Things work out as Antwone is able to convince the doctor to keep on working with him. Antwone's past is revealed in detail. The abuse he suffers at the hands of Mrs. Tate his foster mother is brutal to say the least. The attempt at the hand of an older woman in the Tate's household of a sexual molestation gives Antwone a bitter taste that stays with him throughout his adult life as he has been scarred by the shame he carries with him.<br /><br />Antwone finds love at last with Cheryl who is patient enough to make him see a different world by the love she and support she gives him.<br /><br />The lead performances are very good indeed. Denzel Washington's Dr. Davenport has his own problems too. He is not a happy camper either. He can help Antwone but he cannot help himself or his relationship with an adoring wife. <br /><br />The talent in the film is incredible. Joy Bryant makes a fine Cheryl. Novella Nelson who is a fine actress is superb as Mrs. Tate the abusing foster mother.<br /><br />The reunion of Antwone with his unknown family is a bit too sugary and sentimental but of course if one is to believe that Fisher finds happiness at last one has to accept that part of the film as well.
critique1788 Seeing Other People is a daring romantic comedy about a couple named Ed and Alice (Jay Mohr and Julianne Nicholson) who are engaged and plan to be wed soon. They live together but are both having doubts about their relationship. Alice realizes she's had so few sexual relationships in the past she might just be marrying Ed because she's never felt anything else. So they agree to begin fooling around with other people for a while to test their own relationship.<br /><br />The movie balances a prescient question - by focusing too much on the "What if?" aspects of life can it in fact do the opposite and only make you feel more constrained? When Ed begins having sex with a college girl he begins to become addicted and almost forget about Alice - when he realizes this it scares him.<br /><br />I hadn't heard anything about this film in advance but I enjoyed it. It's not extremely well-made and definitely has that purposefully low-budget indie feel to it - but it's a lot better than most romantic comedies out there in the mainstream today.<br /><br />Check it out if you get a chance.
critique1789 You can take the crook out of the joint but it seems exceedingly more difficult to take the joint out of the crook. We've seen this kind of character in this kind of situation before (and since): in movies like BOB LE FLAMBEUR ELEVATOR TO THE GALLOWS TOUCHEZ PAS AU GRISBI THE ANDERSON TAPES etc. Too many times to mention. What helps make this one one of the more notable is (of course) the heist itself which plays out wordlessly in real time and the demeanor of the lead. Bogart would think twice before crossing this guy. The ironic ending is perfectly suited to this story (it almost demands it). All around one of the better films noir.
critique1790 Besides the fact that my list of favorite movie makers is: 1)Stanley Kubrick 2)God Allmighty 3)the rest... this movie actually is better than the book (and the TV miniseries though this is an easy feat considering the director). The flawless filming stile the acting and (Kubrick's all time number one skill) the music - make it THE masterpiece of horror. I watched the TV miniseries a few years ago and liked the story and I had my hopes about this when I got a hold of it. IT BLEW ME AWAY!!! It is far better than I ever imagined it. It starts slow (Kubrick trademark) and has a lot of downtime that builds up the suspense. The intro scene is a classic by all means and I watched it about 20 times just for the shear atmosphere it induces to the whole film. Also the film doesn't offer a lot of gore (it has just enough and it is by no means tasteless) a trend that I hate in recent day horror films. Just watch it!
critique1791 I wish I could have met Ida Lupino. When people ask who you if you could have 6 extraordinary 20th century persons over for dinner well for me one person would be her. I think she is now one of the great unsung and unprofiled personalities in the film industry. Her life story would make a great tele movie (Hey Mr Bogdanovich........). Ida Lupino has been the driving force in many fascinating noir films of the 40s and 50s. I can remember being saddened at seeing her reduced to a horrible part in a ghastly AIP film is the late 70s. She was bitten by a big worm at the kitchen sink. Ugh. I should have contacted her then as she died not long after.. more from the part than the worm too. From High Sierra Roadhouse and the extraordinary RKO thriller On Dangerous Ground Ida Lupino was often the producer and the lead actress. Later with her husband Howard Duff they produced many now timeless noir dramas that are still very engrossing today. One of them is JENNIFER which I think is the last film with a Monogram Pictures copyright. Monogram changed the company name formally to Allied Artists in 1953 and JENNIFER has both company names on the opening credits. This is a superior haunted house thriller equally as scary as both The Innocents and The Haunting made 8 years later. Really chilling and very creepy this tiny film is exactly the sort of really good film Ida Lupino made and was responsible for. Try and find it...you will always remember it and as I feel much admiration for this great and almost forgotten actress/producer.
critique1792 <br /><br />Excellent ! I have to think back a *very* long time to find a film that's made me laugh quite so much. The writing is top-notch the story is satisfying and the entire cast is excellent - Chris Farley has never been better. One of the very best comedies of the 90s.
critique1793 This is why I still have nightmares.<br /><br />This terrifying film (a musical) was considered appropriate for children in the 1970s.<br /><br />A boy leaves on a magical journey to an island. The mayor of the island Pufnstuf allegedly a dragon looking more like a newt with conjunctivitis to me and a magic talking flute are targeted by a witch (Billie Halliday who was considered 'a bit of alright' at the time).<br /><br />The flute is recovered at an 'interesting' witches convention with the witches having a gay old time. The boy dresses in drag then as a 'fairy' to recover the flute.<br /><br />Not suitable for children.
critique1794 When i watch this movie i too get excited when seen bed scenes of miss world. She has beautiful and charming body. When cute lady do bed scenes and show her fully nude body... i think male have hard to resist....i think its time for cute girls like hrishita bhatt also do nude scenes. At least no one wants to c nude body of ugly women like Seema biswas to c in bandit queen.I concur with what mallicka.b has said. The movie is portrayed in a way which appears to be a kind of vilification on the original content. Emotions aren't conveyed properly. I guess a couple of not-so-good performances also contributed to its mediocrity. In my view Tabu would have been a much better choice for such a role instead of Aishwarya Rai. In some of her scenes she looks a bit lusty which is not ultimately what the movie should have portrayed. I also noticed a bit of over-acting in some of her scenes. I'm a bitter critic of Aishwarya Rai :) Can't help it; sorry for that. 'Raincoat' was a good movie by Rituparno Ghosh. And I saw Choker Bali after seeing Raincoat; I was not at all impressed
critique1795 ...that the Bette Davis version of this film was better than the Kim Novak version.<br /><br />Despite all of the other comments written here I really prefer the Bette Davis version even though the Novak version has a more coherent story line.<br /><br />However: Davis' Mildred's raw emotions seem to me to be more apt to a sluttish girl who seems easily to become a prostitute.<br /><br />And it is those raw emotions that constitute *part* of what the poor doctor falls in love with. He has emotions of despair of failure of "otherness" - strong emotions that he represses. Davis' Mildred on the other hand displays her emotions immediately and without censure. She has no feelings of despair or of failure or of "otherness"; rather she is merely surviving as a poor Cockney woman in the Victorian era.<br /><br />Novak's portrayal was a more vulnerable Mildred than was Davis' almost through the the whole movie. Davis' Mildred was **never** vulnerable until she actually had to go to the doctor and beg for assistance. And when he reviles her - for her method of keeping body and soul together and for continually taking advantage of his love for her - she unleashes arguably the most passionate repudiation of snobbish holier than thou attitude ever seen on screen: "I wiped my mouth! I WIPED MY MOUTH!!" Novak's vulnerability was excellent. Davis' realism was monumental.<br /><br />IMDb votes concur!
critique1796 this was the most costly film when produced. Sir Alexander Korda and H.G. Wells were both distressed by its poor ratings---for good reason. it was and remains far ahead of its time. aside from the seemingly poor direction probably editing at the very beginning the work moves along to a stunning conclusion.<br /><br />whether its Sir Ralph Richardson's 'Boss' role or even better his wife's Sir Cedric's as adversary to space-faring Raymond Massey's 'John Cabal' center role---all deliver mind-boggling performances.<br /><br />the scene with mr. Korda's incomparable set of the small girl-child running out to an absolutely 'never-to-be-matched' scene commenting 'Life just keeps getting lovelier and lovelier'? that swiftly brings tears to any parent/grandparent. this is not a film for the young--unless 'experienced' and rather those who have seen 'the horror' it opposes.<br /><br />sure the 'phony-parachuting' looks hokey---while using a 'magnetic-cannon' now termed 'mass-driver' may be viewed as ridiculous vs. rockets---give Sir Korda a break--Mr. Wells made that choice. and at +/- $8 million this film went way beyond 'over-budget'---so he concentrated on what he could manage.<br /><br />the true power of this Greatest of cinema rests in 'John Cabal's' final statement of human destiny---his friend 'Passworthy' doubts the wisdom of space-faring saying 'We're such little animals.' John Cabal's proper response is(paraphrased) 'Yes little animals and if that is all we are we must live and die as such.' they are standing under a large astronomical telescope. he sweeps his hand over the night sky. 'Yet we may have all the Universe or nothing.'---then the final chorus breaks in---'Which shall it be?'---this is not 'Star Wars' 'Blade Runner'---anything you may consider 'Great'---this is the Real Thing.<br /><br />i remind all of Steven Hawking's most recent address upon his latest 'Medal of Honor'---'Humanity must leave Earth or die.'---the very core of this work---i love 'standard entertainment'---yet this 'relic' for the wise viewer offers far more. 'Which Shall It Be?' be in the proper 'mood'---whatever that takes---this will take your breath away---i 'guarontee'---overall for humanity? the most significant of cinema. <br /><br />since posting i note many have commented on the poor 'media-quality' of 'surviving' examples. in the 80's i developed a 'proprietary' 'colorization' process which required a 'clean' original. this led me to Michael Korda who sadly noted all were gone---so we must relish what remains---'sad but true?'
critique1797 What a great movie this is. I found it full of the delightfully unexpected pain of being a single father of a teenage girl. And it is set in a tropical island 'paradise'as well. <br /><br />Gerard Depardeiux brings his special European flair to this story about a divorced father of a teenage girl. They are on holiday together and she begins to add to the excitement on the island in many unexpected ways. But you will need to see the film for yourself to see all the hilarious situations they find for themselves.<br /><br />There are a few cult classics which all teens should see. This movie should be added to the list. In addition to Dirty Dancing Ferris Bueller's Day Off Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure Rocky Horror Picture Show and Animal House My Father the Hero should be required film study. Watch it as if you had a teenage daughter and you'll be rolling with laughter. Watch it with your teenage daughter and prepare to be laughed at for months.
critique1798 This movie was a modern day scarface.It had me on my toes.This movie is one of those rare epic films that makes you want a sequel.I especially liked Damian Chapa his performance deserved an academy awardwhich he deserved for his performance in blood in blood out.The only thing I didn't like was the behind the scenes because it didn't show the intensity that the movie hadand i would have like to have seen less narrated scenes.But the movie was great and it is in my top ten movies of all time.Plus the acting was great there wasn't a bad scene in the movieI loved it Jennifer Tilly was perfect as well as all of the cast.I can't see how anyone wouldn't like this movie it was a great.Definitely a must see.
critique1799 Finding this piece sandwiched between a stale prequel and a rehashed 80s machomovie on a UPN affiliate's midday Saturday program would be misleading. It deserves better and definitely uses its talented leads' best attributes to its maximum advantage. Bracco and Walken team to provide a movie that while perhaps predictable to those familiar with their genre do the streetwise 'troubled minds' routine that they are so good at portraying. For a chance to ride a psychological roller coaster a la Fuqua's "Training Day" dive back into the world of early '90s TV movies to find "Scam"!
critique1800 One of the biggest hits of 1926 Brown of Harvard is a exciting comedy/drama featuring regatta and football scenes that gave William Haines the role he needed to become a major star. It's patented Haines all the way: brash smart aleck who takes nothing serious until he is rejected by everyone wises up and becomes a man/hero and wins the girl. No one worked this formula like Haines. A terrific comic actor (Little Annie Rooney with Mary Pickford Show People with Marion Davies) Haines could swing from comedy to tragedy with a change in facial expression. He is a total joy in this film as he was in Tell It to the Marines (with Lon Chaney) and West Point (with Joan Crawford) where he repeats the formula. Mary Brian is good as the girl Jack Pickford is very good as the sickly roommate Ralph Bushman is the rival. Edward Connelly Mary Alden David Torrence Guinn Williams and Grady Sutton co-star. This film is noted now for its homoerotic relationship between Haines and Pickford and for being John Wayne's film debut as a Yale football player (but I never spotted him). Haines was a top-five box office star starting with this picture through 1932. It's a shame he has been largely forgotten and that most of his films appear to be lost. He was one of the most appealing and talented actors of his time.
critique1801 Remarkable disturbing film about the true-life senseless brutal murder of a small-town family along with the aftermath and examination of the lives of the killers Dick Hickok and Perry Smith.<br /><br />No matter how much time goes by or how dated this film may look it still resonates the utter incomprehensibility of criminal acts such as this.<br /><br />This really traces multiple tragedies: The tragedy brutality and senselessness of the murder of the Clutter family a decent farm family in small-town Holcomb Kansas; and the wasted brutal and sad lives of Hickok and Smith.<br /><br />An interesting point is made in the film: that neither of these two immature scared petty criminals would have ever contemplated going through with something like this alone. But together they created a dangerous murderous collective personality; one that fed the needs and pathology of each of them. They push each other along a road of "proving" something to each other. That they were man enough to do it to carry it out; neither wants to be seen as too cowardly to complete their big "score"; an unfortunate and dangerous residue of the desolate lives they led. These were two grown-up children who live in a criminal's world of not backing down from dares; who constantly need to prove manhood and toughness. in this instance these needs carried right through to the murder of the Clutters.<br /><br />The film contains a somewhat sentimentalized look at the Clutter family but the point is made. These were respected law-abiding small-town people who didn't deserve this terrifying fate. The movie also gives us a sense of the young lives of Hickok and Smith. Perry Smith whose early life was filled with security and love but watched in horror as alcohol took his family down a tragic path. Hickok poor and left pretty much to his own devices not able to see how he fit in using his intelligence and charm to con everyone he came into contact with.<br /><br />An interesting and maybe the first look at capital punishment and what ends we hope to achieve. Is this nothing more than revenge killing for a murder that rocked a nation at a time when we had not yet had to fully face that there might be such predators among us or does putting these guys at the end of a rope truly provide a deterent to the childish and brutal posturing of men like these? Is it possible to deter men who live lives of deceit operating under the radar believing they fool everyone they come into contact with? To be deterred you must believe it's possible you will be caught. Is it possible to deter these men who believe they are too clever to be caught?; who have committed hundreds of petty crimes and got away with them? This was supposed to be a "cinch" "no witnesses".<br /><br />When caught Hickok finds he can't charm and con the agents the way he had department store clerks. Smith who believes he deserves such a fate anyway who seemed to be the only one who truly grasped the gravity of what they had done willingly tells the story when he learns that Hickok has cowardly caved in. Hickok blinked first. A silly game of chicken between two immature emotionally damaged dangerous men.<br /><br />Fascinating psychological thriller telling a story of a horrendous crime in this nation's history. Stunning portrayals by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson. These roles made their careers.
critique1802 A good movie for horse enthusiasts and most others. It's a horse racing movie and it's a "little man gets his chance" movie and it's a "how far would you go?" movie. Walter Mattau once again proves his adaptability as an actor. He fits right in as Lloyd Bourdelle a Louisiana Cajun horse bum. This movie gives you a rare screen glimpse of Lousiana Cajun horse drag racing. He has a young quarter horse who is a top racing prospect. "had nothing but a filling station and a good horse." The Bourdelles seize the opportunity to make it big by taking the horse Shadow to Ruidoso New Mexico to get ready to run in the All-American Futurity. But how far will Lloyd go to win the fame and fortune? Also memorable from this movie are scenes of Lloyd spitting tobacco juice and waiting for his truck to start.
critique1803 This is a wonderful movie with a fun clever story and the dynamics of culture differences and the running theme of what's important in life make this a very under-appreciated movie. Don't let the cynics of the world deter you from seeing this. Keaton has wonderful moments and I wonder at the fact that comedy is never appreciated because actors like Keaton make going from humor to serious bits look tremendously easy. Great movie all around!
critique1804 I am new at this so bear with me please. I am a big fan of Surface. I thought the script and the computer graphics were exceptional as good as any Sci Fi flick I've seen at the theater. In February the TV guide said Season Finale the announcer for the show said something to the effect of "...and now for the season finale of Surface." Season Finale not series finale! I couldn't wait for fall to get here to see was going to happen next. So fall gets here and it's nowhere to be found! If NBC isn't going to pick it up what about Sci Fi or USA? It seems to me that Bay Watch didn't last long on ABC & then USA picked it up and it went gang busters! (I bet ABC was chocking) Ha! If not a series then at least a mini series to give all us loyal fans closure. What happened to our guy's trapped in the church steeple? Was the creature in the chaple Nim? Did he have a grouth spert? Does the cloned guy come over to our side? There are so many unanswered questions. Thank's for listening to me babble!
critique1805 The Woman In Black is fantastic in all aspects. It's scary suspenseful and so realistic that you can actually see it happening in real life. I first saw this on the TV back in 1989 and with all the lights off and the volume turned up it was probably the most creepy experience of my entire life. I managed to get hold of a copy and now I make sure to bring it out every Halloween and show it too unsuspecting family members who have no idea what they're in for and all I can do is laugh with glee. As for the film:<br /><br />It starts out with a young lawyer named Arthur Kipps who is assigned by his firm to go to the market town of Crythin Gifford to settle the papers of a recently deceased client - Mrs. Alice Drablow. <br /><br />This film starts off as a reasonably solid and interesting ghost story. But then Arthur attends the funeral and from that scene on we do not feel safe. We are constantly on edge and biting our nails and that goes on for the next hour or so until the final thrilling finale.<br /><br />A warning to all new viewers though: do not watch this alone...
critique1806 Walt Disney & his 9 Old Men put their own 1950 spin on the classic fairy tale of Cinderella which I guess you could say helps form an unofficial "fairy tale princess trilogy" from the classic Disney years.<br /><br />THE PLOT: Cinderella is a nice girl who can't catch a break. She is the daughter of a nice wealthy widower who loved her dearly but her mother passed away when Cinderella was very young and Cindy's father felt she needed a mother figure so he eventually married the woman who would become known as Lady Tremaine herself a widow with two daughters about the same age as Cinderella Anastasia and Drizella. At first they all seemed to get along but then Cinderella's father died and Lady Tremaine's true nature was revealed - she was a cold cruel callous heartless mean spirited woman and she passed those traits on to her daughters who were spoiled bratty and equally mean spirited. Anastasia & Drizella hate Cinderella because they know deep down that she's better looking and an overall nicer more attractive lady than themselves (i.e. more appealing to men) and their mother Lady Tremaine hates Cindy for pretty much the same reasons. As the years passed Lady Tremaine began to squander the family fortunes in a stubborn but futile quest to improve/refine her awkward unattractive daughters (to call them "homely" would be an insult to homely people everywhere) while all three relegated Cinderella to being the multi-tasking servant of the house abusing her mistreating her and humiliating her every chance they get (they are particularly fond of increasing her already absurd workload). That brings us to Cinderella in the present where she has blossomed into a good looking young lady who somehow manages to remain kind hearted and nice despite her abusive step family and holds on to the hope that one day the tables will turn in her favor. <br /><br />Cinderella gets her shot at freedom & happiness when a royal ball is held to introduce the local prince to an eligible young maiden so that he can take her as a wife settle down start a family etc. Naturally her step family tries to keep her from attending even going so far as to physically assault her and rip up the dress she had procured for herself (with a little help from her mice friends - the dress belonged to her biological mother). Finally pushed beyond her breaking point Cinderella runs out into the courtyard and cries in despair. It is at that point that her Fairy Godmother a short plump jolly woman arrives and provides Cinderella with transportation and a transformed dress (after all Cinderella wouldn't make a very good impression at the ball if she entered the scene looking like she had just gotten gang raped). Cindy arrives at the ball the Prince falls hard for her but that pesky midnight rule gets in the way forcing her to flee but leaving behind a glass slipper. Make a long story short - after a long harrowing quest to find the mystery girl via trying on the glass slipper Cinderella is found and she and the prince get married giving her the happy ending she deserves.<br /><br />Overall an enjoyable Disney classic. Not without its flaws the most glaring of which is that the Prince is little more than a MacGuffin to help push the plot along - he has very little screen time and even less dialogue so we never get to know him very well or get a good look at his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate since according to the making of documentary the Prince was originally meant to play a bigger role) and a few additional scenes to help flesh out Cinderella herself might have been helpful (there was a song that showed her fantasizing of turning into an army of maids to clean up the house as well as eavesdropping on her step-family post ball to show her amusement at their jealousy which was cut because Walt himself thought it made her look spiteful). Still Cinderella herself is a likable enough heroine even if she is upstaged by her mice friends and there's a sweetness to the film that is becoming harder to find these days. Of course if this were being made now Cinderella would probably put up more of a struggle against her family during the dress ripping scene and would probably free herself in the climax (either by picking the lock herself or making an impractical yet exciting jump down from her window) but this is beside the point.<br /><br />And for all those who say Cinderella sets a bad example for young girls well consider this - at least Cinderella didn't go around getting publicly drunk and indecently exposed unlike some modern day "princesses" (you know who I mean).
critique1807 This film deserves a 10 for its brilliant portrayal of the world as experienced in the mind of a playboy. While I found that world morally repulsive the film did best what storytelling should do and that is take us through an experience that we would otherwise never undergo. Tim Meadows so convincingly portrays Leon Phelps and the story so drew me into the reckless world of Leon that I momentarily forgot that I was watching a parody of the playboy world and felt compelled to rebel against it. Herein lies the film's undoing because its great and bold achievement in storytelling comes at the price of its own success. Understanding that the vast majority of moviegoers will respond only to the story of this film that lies on the surface and reject that story I hesitate to be misunderstood by them and admit that I loved it. I loved it not only for its fascinating insights into the deluded mind of the playboy not only for its amusing portrayal of the idiocy of the human sex drive but also for its courage to fearlessly explore what is in the shadows of heterosexuality. Besides it's just funny.
critique1808 After all these years of solving crimes you would've expected criminals to know that they can't afford making mistakes with him especially not with regards to talking much. This time<br /><br />Columbo goes to college and actually explains his entire technique but for some reason the murderer still doesn't pay enough attention. However this still creates wonderful scenes and delightful dialogues.
critique1809 I watched Asterix and Obelix in Operation Cleopatra which was my first exposure to the live action version of the classic comic. Like the comic the whole movie is full of jokes based upon puns anachronistic jokes and slapstick gags which rarely fall flat.<br /><br />Asterix and Obelix are Gauls who use a strength potion to fight the Roman legions in their native Gaul. Here they end up in Egypt helping a friend build Cesar's palace (yes its puny) in three months to prove the Egyptians are just as good as the Romans.<br /><br />The reason I picked this up was because Monica Belluci is Cleopatra. She's good but the role is little more than a cameo. However even though she's rarely in the film I didn't care since its so clever and the jokes so funny I was in hysterics. I loved it. I loved it so much that I can't understand why the movies have never been released in the United States.<br /><br />The import DVD has the film in English dub- which is quite good especially when you consider that when you watch it in the longer French version the puns (and hence the jokes) are not always apparent since they are aural so if you read the names wrong the jokes are lost. Most of the jokes between the full French version and the shorter English dub seem to be exactly the same though some have been changed sometimes for the better and some times for the worse. Personally I'm gonna stick with the dub when I watch this again since its easier to pick up the jokes and enjoy the humor.<br /><br />You really will want to see this if you love puns and low brow but clever humor This is a great comedy
critique1810 This movie was an impressive one. My first experience with a foreign film it was neither too long nor too complex. I myself enjoyed the subtitles; and the plot was surprisingly fresh. The story of an adult son visiting his elderly father and retarded brother after a long separation appeared cliched at first but it proved to be very touching and realistic. There was also some subtle humor so as not to depress or bore the audience.
critique1811 I like Ghost stories. Good ghost stories of bumps in the night voices that cannot be explained. Now I've see many of them. As special efx have a ever more grip on todays films some times to find a real gem  you gotta turn the clock back to the time when the writers and directors really had to use their heads to create really good ghost stories. Now this one very rare  pilot episode for the TV series Ghost Story called " The New House " was one of the most scariest films I ever saw. It was on once in 1972...I was only 9..but nothing since then even compared to it. With all the remake going on in Hollywood some one should do this one " as is " with no more special efx than the original. This episode was down right creepy as hell. I'm lucky to find it finally on DVD today and very rare and hard to find. The only other 2 Ghost Stories to even come close was the ORIGINAL " The Haunting " and George C. Scott in " The Changling " . Wish someone would do more ghost stories like these.
critique1812 The sitcom revolved around a girl who must learn to be responsible for her own actions. As she had the power of magic she often used it to try to help her loved ones or herself frequently resulting in literal puns that are often disastrous and always humorous.<br /><br />The program began with Sabrina's adventures in high school in the fictional town of Westbridge located near Boston Massachusetts (as opposed to Greendale in the comics). In the series' later seasons Sabrina graduated from high school and enrolled in college then moved on to her attempts to live on her own and keep a job at the local newspaper. Breaking further from its comic roots the show ended with Sabrina's wedding although in the end she abandoned the wedding and ran off with Harvey.<br /><br />Many episodes involve Sabrina getting to meet through natural or supernatural means popular real-life musical artists of the time including Coolio the Violent Femmes the Backstreet Boys Phantom Planet Davy Jones of The Monkees Britney Spears Avril Lavigne Daniel Bedingfield Hanson Eden's Crush Savage Garden 'N Sync and Ashanti. Course of Nature the band of Melissa Joan Hart's then-boyfriend (now husband) Mark Wilkerson appeared in an episode in 2002.
critique1813 Watching this again after a gap of many years and remembering the flop it was upon its original release I am surprised at how well it has held up. One of the reasons for its failure was that one generation just thought it was over indulgent crap and a younger one was disappointed that it did not show the full hippy glory. Seen now it is clear that Antonioni was already aware of and fascinated by the heady mix of fervent enthusiasm for change and a lack of any clear vision for the future. The lead pair are excellent and it is shameful that they took so much flak for the film's perceived failure. They are ideal and convey perfectly the various contradictions and demonstrate a pure delight in lovemaking. I blame others for the over emphasis on the student revolt sequences at the start but have to say that from there on in this is one of the directors most beautiful looking pictures and he certainly got the very best out of the man made and natural landscapes. Oh and I haven't even mentioned the highly explosive ending.
critique1814 i think dirty dancing was a great movie they tried to make another one havana nights which was good but it was nothing like dirty dancing. i would like to see another dirty dancing with the same people. without them i think it would be a mess. a lot of times movies are made then when they try to add on more they start to change the people an make the movies go down hill. i would love to see dirty dancing have another one to see what happened after they were able to be together. patrick an Jennifer did so well together. this movie was made in 1997 its time to make another one. but this time start where it left off an keep the same people in it.
critique1815 I thought that the interplay between Crystal and DeVito was great. The movie is rather off the wall but there are some unforgettable lines. Ramsey as "Momma" is vulgar and over the top but also very funny and effective. The character HAS to be pretty awful for why else would someone entertain thoughts of killing his mother? Now Crystal's wife -- she is a "slut" whom everyone would like to receive her comeuppance thus her role though minor is also effective because it has to justify Crystal's ridiculous case of "writer's block." While there are certainly dark moments the movie is not depressing and despite the murderous urges that the protagonists feel they have redeeming qualities too.<br /><br />Overall this is one of the funniest movies I can remember one that I don't mind watching over several times.
critique1816 I got a chance to talk with the co-creator Rebecca Cammisa at the 2002 High Falls Film Festival in Rochester NY. She said that her style is to be completely open and uninhibited in filmmaking but was very happy to be so severely constrained in the tight quarters of the group home. The narrow hallways and small rooms were expertly shot with a realism that would have been lost with more controlled and deliberate camera work.<br /><br />Sister Helen herself is a remarkable character coming from tragedy in her own life to being an unusual combination of caring tough and street smart. The way the film introduces us to her past is excellent spending only a few carefully selected minutes sprinkled throughout.<br /><br />In all I can't begin to correctly heap on praise for this film. It really is a treasure of cinema and the subject a treasure of humanity.
critique1817 Gus Van Sant has made some excellent films. I truly am a fan.<br /><br />However I can't help but feel that the cerebral edge of Tom Robbins book "Even Cowgirls Get the Blues" is lost in translation to the big screen. Alone Tom Robbins and Gus Van Sant are incredible visionaries and towers of talent. Ultimately though this one just didn't work. <br /><br />It wasn't that the characters weren't well developed or the plot and content didn't come alive. It's just that our imaginations are much more powerful when reading a book like this. We're taken away to a different time and place and we sometimes think the worst and/or the best and it adds to the overall roller-coaster of the book as it neatly unfolds according to the author's precision. Movies however can leave one with less of the imagination and emotion roller-coaster detracting from the overall experience. This is what I believe happened here.<br /><br />I suggest reading the book!
critique1818 The Internet Database lists this as a TV show. And yes it was a series on MTV shown on the "Oddities" program after "The Head" and before "Aeon Flux" if I recall correctly. But the version I watched this time was a VHS tape with all the episodes run together into a film without annoying credits in between or having to wait a week for the next fifteen minutes.<br /><br />You have the story of the Maxx Julie Winters Sarah and Mr. Gone. The Maxx is a super-hero or a bum Julie a social worker or a leopard queen Sarah a girl who should listen to less of The Smiths and Mr. Gone a guy who can't seem to keep his head on. And then there's the other weird creatures...<br /><br />I use "or" with Maxx and Julie because part of the fun is trying to figure out which parts of the story are real and which are dreams. Maybe they're all real or dreams. Maybe one of the characters doesn't exist. Maybe only one exists and dreams of the others. You'll have to wait and find out.<br /><br />I had the comic books before the show came out and it was one of my favorites. The artwork was spectacular and the story was original -- unlike anything you'll find in Superman or Batman. It will bend your mind and has strong adult overtones without being obscene or offensive. And the show used basically the same exact artwork (only now it moves) and the same story... guaranteeing that the beauty intrinsically found in the comic would be faithfully reproduced. This was the best show to appear on "Oddities" hands down.<br /><br />If you like comics of a darker nature or need a good mind trip this is a show to check out. It's "Donnie Darko" before there was ever such a thing.<br /><br />The most astonishing thing is that this never went on to become another movie or television series but I don't say this in disappointment. By keeping it simple they have sealed this movie in gold and kept it free from the blemishes brought on by successive failures.
critique1819 The Deer Hunter's success with critics and publics alike led United Artists to give Cimino carte-blanche on "Heaven's Gate" an epic Western about the 1892 Johnson County WarsÃ‚Â… <br /><br />The elliptical story about the persecution of lowly European-born farmers by Wyoming's cattle-barons was a muddled mixture of class-conflict sumptuous pageant and underwritten stereotypical charactersÃ‚Â… However Cimino's fetish for authenticity and his sweeping sense of scale ensured that the film running at nearly four hours Ã‚Â– was rarely tediousÃ‚Â… <br /><br />Its undeserved status as a cause cÃƒÂ©lÃƒÂ©bre with critics divided as to whether it was a masterpiece or a fiasco derived from its inflated budgetÃ‚Â… Blamed for the studio's financial problems Cimino became a scapegoat for Hollywood's general decline and the film edited into an incomprehensible short version after its initial release was a commercial disasterÃ‚Â
critique1820 Dan Ackroyd in his prime stars as Johgn Burns a mental asylum escapee who poses as his own shrink to travel out to La La Land and host a popular radio talk show while the regular host (Charle Grodin in his snarling prime) takes a vacation. Along the way Ackroyd hooks up with Walter Matthau a fellow nutjob and the rest is sheer hilarity. Ackroyd and Matthau play off very well off one another. Ackroyd's stunning real-life wife Donna Dixon is along for the ride as yet another shrink. The ending feels a bit rushed and contrived which is the only thing that keeps me from giving this film my top rating an 8. A lost '80s gem.
critique1821 This movie is a little ray of sunshine in a dark season. It celebrates a quality best described as plain old friendliness. Morgan Freeman plays a character very like Freeman himself--a successful actor pushing 70. He has traveled to a small rather grimy grocery store intending to research a part he might play as a manager of such a place. He soon beguiles the staff and the customers especially the lovely if cranky young woman (Paz Vega) who presides over the "10 items or less" checkout lane.<br /><br />10 Items Or Less doesn't have a big statement to make and doesn't pretend that it does. It follows Freeman and Vega as they become friendly and as the older man offers his counsel in exchange for a ride home--the movie-company gofer who is supposed to pick him up never shows and Freeman has forgotten his own phone number so he can't call for help. I had a little case of the blues on a gray Sunday afternoon in New York City and this flick cured what ailed me.
critique1822 This movie got better with time. I can't believe that it has been forty years since I saw this at the age of 15. Yes that's right. Movie ratings were not yet a reality so any teenager could walk into any movie. Imagine what it was like for a kid my age to see both Midnight Cowboy and Putney Swope in the same year. Imagine the times. Bobby Kennedy and Martin Luther King has just been killed but the following summer had a man walking on the moon and Woodstock. Putney Swope was the Woodstock nation's chance to stick it to the man. You'll see where Robert Downey Jr. got his sardonic brilliance. His old man was an instant hero to kids like me. No punches are pulled in this classic and aging hippies will rejoice when they relive this era. Hopefully new flower children will be emboldened by it and this current era of fascism will come under the same scrutiny my era was subjected to.
critique1823 I think that it's great how Chiller picked up this series and showing it for this generation. Film making has come such a long way especially with the special effects and for one to be able to watch archived shows that they never knew existed they will certainly be able to see the progress compared to now. MONSTERS is neither lame nor spectacular but it is entertaining. It takes creativity for the types of story lines they came up with and each generation seems to have it's own horror series. This particular series was not as horrifying as the Friday The 13th The Series nor as adult oriented as the Freddy's Nightmares..it was something that an entire family could watch and still get a laugh and a fright at the same time. I am happy the Chiller Channel shows it in their line-up I am just about caught up on the episodes I missed when I was growing up.
critique1824 Punishment Park is a pseudo-documentary made by Peter Watkins. The premise is that the nation's dissidents (hippies musicians protesters pacifists etc.) are being rounded up and tried by a tribunal and then given the choice of prison or running the course of Punishment Park. It's a 52 mile grueling trek through the desert to an American flag with police National Guard and various other authority figures in pursuit. The idea is that if you make it to the flag you're set free. The tribunal consists of a bunch of conservative types all condemning any behavior that is not like their own and there is no result except a prison sentence or the option of "Punishment Park" for any of those on trial. There are a lot of things in this that still ring true today which is quite disturbing in itself. The people running the course are promised water at the half-way point which isn't true and the pursuing officials are mostly a sadistic bunch that are just out for a bit of target practice. This is not a very graphic film but it's more shocking in its ideas and themes than anything else. The scary thing is it could happen. Not a very upbeat film but definitely worth seeing. Warning: it might make you angry. 9 out of 10.
critique1825 The Falcon and the Snowman is the true story of two college-age rich kids from L.A. who become spies for the Soviet Union. One played by Penn is already a drug smuggler up to his eyeballs in trouble. The other played by Hutton lands a position at an aerospace firm where his job is to man a top-secret cable facility. There he learns of some of the dirty tricks employed by the CIA on foreigners that America doesn't like. Don't forget that the movie is set the early 70s the time of Vietnam and Watergate. Appalled at what he's learned the Hutton character decides to betray his country and convinces his buddy to join him. Neither of them is long on brains it is not long before they're way in over their heads with no way out.<br /><br />This is not a thriller and is rather slowly paced. If this is not a problem for you then it is well worth the rental.
critique1826 especially when looking at the amount of crap that has made it to DVD. I found this movie very funny. Rip Torn is classic with his barbs; Rob Schneider if hilariously annoying as the over-compensating Ensign; Bruce Dern makes a great "villain". The entire cast seems to be having a blast and it's not at the expense of the audience. If you like just plain fun comedy and aren't looking too deeply into meaning you just might fall in love with this one.
critique1827 This first-rate western tale of the gold rush brings great excitement romance and James Stewart to the screen. "The Far Country" is the only one out of all five Stewart-Mann westerns that is often overlooked. Stewart yet again puts a new look on the ever-present personalities he had in the five Stewart-Mann westerns. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is uncaring always looking out for himself which is why he is so surprised when people are nice and kindly to him. Ironically he does wear a bell on his saddle that he will not ride without. This displays that he might just care for one person- his sidekick Ben Tatum played by Walter Brennan since Tatum is the one that gave it to him. Mann yet again puts a new look on the ever present personalities he put into the five Stewart-Mann westerns. He displays violence excitement plot twists romance and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben through a series of events wind up in the get rich quick town of Dawson along with gold partners Calvet and Flippen and no-good but beautiful Roman and her hired men. They are unable to leave because crooked sheriff Mr. Gannon (McIntire) and his "deputies" will hang them since the only way out is through Skagway which is Gannon's town. But eventually McIntire comes to them but not to collect Stewart and/or his fine that he supposedly owes to the government. What is McIntire there for? He is there to cheat miners out of their claims and money. People are killed. A sheriff for Dawson is considered needed and Calvet elects Stewart because he is good with a gun. Stewart however refuses the job because he plans to get all the gold he can and then pull out. He also refuses it because he does not like to help people since law and order always gets somebody killed. So Flippen is elected instead. A miner is killed because he tries to stand up to one of Gannon's men a purely evil mustachioed fancy gunman named Madden who carries two guns played by Wilke. Flippen attempts to arrest Madden and see that justice be done but he cannot stand up to him so he becomes the town drunk. A man named Yukon replaces Flippen. Stewart and Tatum start to pull out but are ambushed by Gannon's men. Tatum is killed and Stewart is wounded. Stewart finally realizes that he must do something or Gannon will take over Dawson set up his own rules and it will become his town just like Skagway. The audience also realizes what Stewart must do. Another thing that the audience realizes is that Stewart is the only thing that stands between the townspeople and Gannon. If Stewart leaves Gannon would take over the town. If Stewart stays and keeps on not doing anything about it the townspeople will be killed one by one mercilessly and uselessly. This is where a great scene occurs. Stewart walks into his cabin. He has a sling on his arm. For a few seconds his gun in the gunbelt is hanging on a post beside his bed the gun is close up Stewart is in the background just inside the door. He stares at it for a few seconds. He tosses the sling away. The sling lands on the back of a chair and falls to the floor. This is symbolic because he is throwing away his old life which consisted of not caring about anybody but himself. He comes into his new life of helping people when they need help. What ends the film is a guns-blazing furious show of good against evil and a genuinely feel-good feeling that everything will be alright.
critique1828 I haven't read the source Richard Brooks' novel "The Brick Foxhole" which I hope is not as infelicitous as its title but I understand the original villain was a homophobe not an anti Semite. (And to be honest Sam Levene is written as a gay guy who picks up a drunken soldier.) But okay you have to go with the flow. Consider 1947. Not even anti-Semitism has been treated on screen yet. Many of the people responsible for contemporary movies were themselves Jews but anti-Semitism had been verboten for years because it was considered unpleasant. So we can hardly blame the makers of this film for not leaving the victim a homosexual. Now that's REALLY unpleasant -- and besides there might have been many among the audience rooting for Robert Ryan to get away with it. We are by no means free of prejudice but we've still come a long way since 1947.<br /><br />Watching this again for the first time in years I was impressed with the rather slow pace of the first half of the movie the many shots of two people talking the shadows the time that passes between the question and the answer the uninspired editing. But I could live with that because of the film's subject matter and because of a few other things.<br /><br />One of the things that keep me glued to events as they unfold so deliberately is Robert Ryan's performance. The guy does a splendid job. At times he can seem thoughtful cheerfully subordinate and helpful to the police -- "Any way I can help yes sir." Then alone or with another soldier the simmering hatred rises to the top not so much through what he says but the way he LOOKS. That scowl that penetrating stare those dark eyes glittering. Wow.<br /><br />The film has taken a lot of heat because of Robert Young's preachy speech about his Grandfather's murder. That doesn't bother me at all although I guess Dmytryk didn't have to have Young shove his face into the camera while talking about "MICKS and PAPISTS". Still taking the context into account it's one of the more shocking moments of the film. Part of its impact is due to Young's almost casual delivery of the message and part of it is due to the message's not having been heard on screen before.<br /><br />Another feature of the film that transforms it almost into the surreal is the Paul Kelly character and his relationship to the whore Gloria Grahame. Holy Guacamole what elliptical conversation Kelly is given to. "You know what I told you? All those things I just told you? They're all lies." His character neatly crosses pathos with creepiness. It's impossible to know what to make of him. He adds virtually nothing to the plot but the movie would be a lot less without his presence.<br /><br />It's a moody murky film. Its people live in the dark. And there is murder afoot. Practically no one screams or shouts. The horror that these men have experienced and that some of them still carry with them like malaria seems just beneath the surface.<br /><br />See it if you have a chance.
critique1829 Watching this odd little adventure movie it's hard to believe that it was directed by the same man who brought us such high quality Giallo classics as The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh and The Case of the Scorpion's Tail but it has to be said that despite it's low quality production values Island of the Fish Men is an entertaining ride and one that surely deserves more praise than it's getting. Like many Italian films from the seventies this is one is a rip off of a successful American film the one in question this time being the critically panned Island of Dr Moreau. Sergio Martino's film takes ideas such as mutation greed and adventure and moulds it into one slightly compelling film which makes up for what it's lacks in coherency and logic with a load of mostly intriguing ideas. The central plot follows a boat which crashes on a small island. It quickly becomes apparent that not everything about this place is normal and it soon transpires that half of the population has been turned into "fish men" - a cross between a man and a fish which exist for purely selfish reasons...<br /><br />The truth about this movie is that it's a lot more fun if you ignore the trashy production values. The central monsters look completely ridiculous and much of the movie takes place on sets that look like they cost someone a few pennies - but the movie is well shot in spite of this with the underwater photography being a particular highlight and the pacing of the movie is well done in that the film never becomes boring. The way that the plot comes together isn't exactly genius but it takes in a lot of ideas and I've seen films made on plots with much less thought put into them than this one. The biggest location standout in the film is definitely the lost city of Atlantis. To be honest I'm not a massive fan of adventure movies and therefore don't see this lost city get mentioned much - but it is always nice to see it in a movie. The central island location is good in that it provides an apt setting for the story and also provides the movie with the right amount of mystery as Martino makes good use of the voodoo theme. Overall this isn't exactly a classic and there are certainly a lot worse trashy adventure movies out there than this one.
critique1830 I never heard of the book nor care to read it but the movie I will probably see many times.<br /><br />This film is unforgettable with perhaps the richest imagery I have ever seen in a movie. It was as if I was looking at paintings many times which I think was the idea.<br /><br />Terrific movie story actors and cinematography. Full of profound emotions from every angle. Although I am not particularly fond of romance movies I loved this and was deeply moved by Winona Ryder's plea to her father toward the end.<br /><br />Mr. Irons deserved an award for his performance and Close was never better.<br /><br />
critique1831 So Todd Sheets once stated that he considers his 1993 shot-on-video Z-epic Zombie Bloodbath to be his first feature film. Anyone who's ever seen a little beauty called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how untrue that statement is. I mean what makes this one that much more superior? Well then again Zombie Rampage doesn't include that mullet guy now does it? <br /><br />For one to comprehend exactly why Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered worth a damn one must remember what the 90's were like for lovers of bad horror. A decade that all but said goodbye to B and Z-cinema as we knew it. Technological advances awkward trends and the internet would abolish the mysterious charms of the s.o.v.'s big-boxed golden years. And anything remotely resembling quality schlock was all too self-aware for it's own good basically defeating the purpose. Luckily not everyone changes with the times. Enter Zombie Bloodbath.<br /><br />And I guess this is the part where I explain the same exact premise from 500 other zombie flicks from the last 40 years. Alright so Some kind of accident at a nuclear plant infects everyone in sight turning them into flesh-eating zombies who go on a rampage inflicting some of the most gruesome yet humorous gore-scenes of the 90's. The first 20 minutes are cluttered with the most awkward-sounding conversations you could imagine. Conversations that let you know that this isn't just a low-budget zombie flick this is a Z-grade disasterpiece fella. plenty Hysterical non-existent acting to go around and that goes triple for Mr. Mullet. That guy is truly the highlight of the night.<br /><br />The fact that Todd Sheets seriously considers Zombie Bloodbath to be THAT superior to Zombie Rampage amuses me to no end. I mean really both are complete jokes on celluloid but then again so is Redneck Zombies so obviously Todd Sheets is in the company of awsomeness. By 1993 a movie this bad would no doubt be a full-blast spoof but Mr. Sheets stands his ground giving us some good old fashion schlock the way it was meant to be unaware clueless and pointless. God bless Todd Sheets. For anyone seeking surprisingly worthwhile 90's B-Horror Leif Jonker's Darkness should be at the top of your list. As for Zombie Bloodbath if you're a gorehound who got bored sometime around 1990 then '93 would be the perfect time to pick up. 8/10
critique1832 The extraordinarily adorable Suzy Delair plays a statuesque performer obsessed with succeeding in the theater. Her husband and accompanist played by Bernard Blier is a composed but jealous man. When he finds out in a less than preferable way that his flashy wife has planned a rendezvous with a lecherous old businessman with the intention of advancing her career he loses all control and threatens the businessman with murder. Now at that point I must stop describing the film to you because it skates on such thin ice with its twists revelations ambiguities and suspense that to imply any of it would endanger it. I am not sure how good or bad that is for this French police procedural emanating from the song- and-dance community though it is certainly interesting that what we do know throughout is who did not do it. We just don't know who did.<br /><br />The story depends upon the procedure of following clues where ideal alibis fail and where cautiously created fabrications and deceptions disintegrate. Interestingly this is a suspense film in which suspense is generated in spite of the knowledge one would traditionally think too much too soon.<br /><br />Quay of the Goldsmiths is the least dark of Henri-Georges Clouzot's films. It's nowhere near as sinister as the shocking Les Diaboliques as tragic as the riveting Wages of Fear or as eery as Le Corbeau. Maybe it is due to the vibrance of the dance halls and theater settings of 1940s France which all work as the milieu of this crime thriller.<br /><br />Clouzot both understands and approves of his characters even the more rotten ones where he has more of a vindictive streak with his other films. Where he may have had understanding for the scheming women in Les Diabolique or the truck drivers who sink to the level of risking horrible death in order to oust themselves from miserable life in The Wages of Fear there isn't necessarily support or agreement on the part of the filmmaker for these are characters who plainly made the direct decisions that determine their fate. All the characters in this more settling film have scenes and moments that endear us to them even the harsh cold detective played by Louis Jouvet who worries about his young adoptive son amid all the trouble and despair that happens in his life at any time with the drop of a hat.<br /><br />There is humor and unabashed sexiness the latter mostly on the part of Delair that neutralize the pressure to a degree. Clouzot was quietly practicing his craft patient till he made his unrelenting later films in which he would permit his audiences no pardon from the tension.
critique1833 This has to be one of the best movies to come out of HK in a long time i was eagerly waiting to get my hands on this movie just looking at the title. Loads of fantastic actors in this show and i was particularly impressed with Sam Lee's impossibly believable insane behavior and Edison's portrayal of a killer machine which totally reversed his normal idol image. i would definitely recommend to those looking for a stylish and action packed movie. However i must warn you this is also an equally depressing movie as every character in the movie is in some kind of dead end and trouble of their own and struggling to breathe. Makes you think about what is life about really.
critique1834 What's inexplicable? Firstly the hatred towards this movie. It may not be the greatest movie of all time but gimme a break it got 11 oscars for a reason it made EIGHTEEN HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS for a reason. It's a damn good movie. Which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of it. I have no idea whatsoever why this movie left such an impression on me when I saw it in theaters. I've rewatched it on TV and video and it had none of the impact it had when I saw it on the big screen (twice or maybe three times actually). But that might be it the appeal of it. It's a Movie yes capital M there it's an Epic it's a spectacle in the order of Gone With the Wind or Ben Hur. Now Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seem kinda hokey to me with the hammy acting and excessive melodrama. Not that Titanic has none of that. Well the acting was actually very good. The melodrama was quite heavy-handed at times.<br /><br />But the reason Titanic works is that it's such an emotional ride. I usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind or give me a visual thrill. This movie isn't exactly dumb but it's not cerebral at all. The visual thrills are simply means to an end to fuel the emotions of the audience. I didn't cry when Bambi's mom died I don't react to tearjerkers. But this is a tearjerker to the power of ten million an emotional rollercoaster that if it were a regular one would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl. And I'm sure that if you see it on video and have decided that you hate it and have a ready supply of cynicism then you can thoroughly dislike this movie. But if you let that disbelief suspend just a bit if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of the doubt you'll enjoy it completely. And look at the top ten grossing films of all time. Is a single one of them bad? Is a single one of them worth a score of 1 out of 10? No not even The Phantom Menace. And this movie made 1.8 BILLION DOLLARS worldwide. It can't be bad. Not possible. 10/10.<br /><br />p.s. how can anyone even consider comparing this to spiderman? spiderman was a fun movie but it was a total 9/11 kneejerk that caused it to gross as much as it did. it simply wasn't anything all that special. no one will remember it in 50 years. but i'm pretty sure Titanic will be remembered.
critique1835 In "Hoot" a new kid arrives to Florida from Montana. He first faces the usual problems of blending in and dealing with the local bully. Soon though he becomes aware of a bigger problem: a franchise restaurant chain is trying to build a site in the town right where a number of burrowing owls live. This movie has the look of a family film but it is pretty more radical than it seems as it shows sympathetically how Roy and a couple of friends do not shy away from lawbreaking (including vandalism of private property and briefly kidnapping the manager of the chain of restaurants) in the name of environmentalism (to save owls no less). Now one might agree or not with those actions but at least the movie has the courage from not shying away from its convictions. A good solid film all in all.
critique1836 The Columbia Pictures Short Subject unit never had any delusions about producing any 'Art' Films. They wanted to give the film exhibitors just a little more for their money when booking a Columbia Picture into their theatres. This would go double for The 3 Stooges films.<br /><br />MEN IN BLACK (1934) came about as close as any of their Comedy Shorts in that it received an Oscar nomination for Best Short Subject Comedy. Though it did not win it well could have. It was good enough and even those who do not number themselves among Stooge-files still seem to be won over by the clarion cry of ".......calling Dr. Howard Dr. Fine Dr. Howard!" This was the second entry in the long series of Comedy Shorts made by the Stooges for Producer Jules White head of Columbia's Short Subjects Department. Only WOMAN HATERS described in its credits as a 'Musical Novelty' preceded it at Harry Cohen's Poverty Row sweatshop.<br /><br />The film starts off in the office of Dr. Graves the Head of the Hospital. He is receiving new interns and in addressing the group he relates that three of them are passed along from Medical Conditionally as they had remained there so long. But the good Doctor states that he will not reveal their identities as long as they pledge their all "......for Duty and Humanity!" The Stooges run up front pledging "...for Duty and Humanity!" and run out of office breaking window glass in door. The game was on.<br /><br />The Stooges took off and did not stop for the remainder of the 2 Reels. Every type of gag was in evidence. From broad Sennett-like sight gags to puns to dialect humor to 'theatre of the absurd' and a surrealistic running gag involving a Public Address System which seemingly takes on a life of its own and having the true culprit a radio tube get shot to a "........he got me!" (It all plays out quite well honest!) The sets used were very authentic looking and were no doubt borrowed from Columbia features being made around the same time. There are plenty of Wheel Chairs Surgical Cotts Stethascopes Surcical Scalpels etc. in evidence to maintain the illusion of a Hospital.<br /><br />A true strength of MEN IN BLACK is the high number of usually nameless players whom we all recognize by face. Along with them the film boasts of a great number of veteran comedy actors who always turn in fine performances often stealing the scene. The people with names like Billy Gilbert Hank Mann and Bud Jamison shine in even small parts.<br /><br />And lastly we have the Maestro the Conductor-Director Raymond McCarey kid brother to Leo McCarey who showed off his abilities in getting this little film 'in the can'. He skillfully kept it all moving acting as a Traffic Cop at times what with all the actors extras and behind the scenes crew moving and outside of each other's way. And that doesn't count the Giant 3 Man Tandem Bicycle The Sway Backed Horse and Miniature Race Cars not to mention the 'Giant Green Canaries!'
critique1837 ... Oxford Mississippi at least. Okay the Paris we get is Paris Culver City apart from the Establishing library footage of the real McCoy but it IS Paris in spirit than which nothing nowhere is better. Okay Kelly is no Astaire but then who is and Caron is no Hepburn ditto but Alan Lerner is light years ahead of the vastly overrated Comden and Green who scripted Kelly's other 'big' 50s musical Singin' In The Rain (a curious replication of lyricists writing screenplays featuring songs by OTHER lyricists and just to balance things the Gershwin numbers are far superior to the Arthur Freed/Nacio Herb Brown numbers so Alan Lerner didn't have to feel too outclassed). The story needn't detain us any more than the anomalies -Kelly hasn't got change of a match and is a painter i.e. bohemian yet he is able to scare up a perfectly good suit at a few hours notice when Foch invites him to dinner at her hotel; in the well-documented Love Is Here To Stay sequence the lovers are strangely unmolested by passers-by other lovers and the bridge in the background is totally free of both pedestrian and vehicular traffic - this is after all a feelgood musical so it stands or falls by the score and in this case it stands four square. As feel good musicals go it's definitely in the top 10.
critique1838 STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history. This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking. This is because it was the first sound cartoon. While you don't yet hear Mickey speak there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.<br /><br />Now if this were just an important historical film it would be worth seeing--especially to lovers of animation. However after seeing the short again after about 25 years I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is. While Mickey and Minnie behave a bit odd compared to the characters we have grown to love (thanks mostly to the kooky mind and talent of animator Ub Iwerks) there is an infectious charm about the film. It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way. Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.
critique1839 A beautiful and touching movie that deserves a wider viewing than it is likely to get. Semra Turan plays Aicha a second generation Turkish immigrant who tries to break the mold. Neither entirely at home with her moderately conservative Muslim family nor with her liberal Danish friends Aicha's martial arts experience becomes a fight to find herself and have the strength to allow herself to be who she wants to be in spite of both family and friends.<br /><br />Director Natasha Arthy manages to balance introspection and narrative so that it has depth without becoming ponderous philosophical discourse and drawing on Xian Gao's choreography skills pays off in spectacular fight sequences. In the end however it is Semra Turan's stunning debut performance that gives this movie spirit. Raw charisma and requisite martial arts skills are complimented by heart to make her personal drama believable.<br /><br />Well worth your while.
critique1840 Being Of Cephallonian descent I was happily surprised when watching the movie. I have heard the true history from my relatives that still live in Cephalonia but when watching the movie and reading the book the sketchy bits of history were filled. It is all true the Italians would sing the oppression and the earthquakes that rock the island so often. The earthquake in 1953 killed my great grandfather and the book and movie both portray the feeling of the era with great compassion. If you haven't seen the movie go and watch it and read the book it is not only a love story and yes there were plenty of Italians in love with Cephallonian women in fact boat loads of Cephallonian women were taken to Italy after the war it is a true depiction of history.
critique1841 A must see movie for anyone who ever went to camp or wanted to. This film captures the absolute essence of what summer camp is all about. It is funny it is compassionate it makes you want to watch more about the characters once the credits begin to role. If you have not seen this movie..what are you doing? get off you butt and run the video store. Have a great summer :)
critique1842 (VERY mildly spoilerish)<br /><br />I must start by saying that I'm not usually impressed by science-fiction so Pitch Black (2000) was a pleasant surprise. It had me hooked from the very beginning with rhythm intensity and visual outburst that left me fascinated and glued to my seat. I'm very happy to say that this movie was the best (okay at least *one* of the best) science fiction piece that I've seen in a long long time.<br /><br />The plot in short might sound simple -- a (space) ship crashes on a supposedly deserted planet and the captain Caroline Fry (impressive Radha Mitchell) must lead the survivors to safety. At first a cold-blooded murderer Riddick (Vin Diesel who plays the role with very believable spare style) might seem like the group's biggest problem but as the dusk starts crawling in the creatures of the night start awakening... This leads to a desperate attempt to escape from the bloodthirsty predators which as we all can guess does not lead to a happy family picnic.<br /><br />It's not the plot itself that makes the movie worth watching -- after all let's face it if you strip it down to the basics it's not *that* original -- but the skill in which it's told. The story flowed forward didn't leave me yawning (at least not much) in any point. The directing was fabulous work. This was a very visual even beautiful movie; the purple night view was a real treat. Although 'beautiful' might not be the right word to use; yes the images shown were candy to the eye but they also added a touch of unspecified grotesqueness eeriness as if something was just about to burst out from under the still surface. (Not to mention that the monsters were really well done they looked realistic which seems to be rare nowadays maybe people just can't be bothered to make them look real...)<br /><br />I did not only enjoy the visual side of the movie but also the psychological aspect of the story. During the movie we get to see the characters unraveling -- some of them fall some of them rise -- but what fascinated me the most was the developing of the character of Riddick. I enjoyed watching the change in him throughout the movie. To go even further the other thing I enjoyed a lot with Riddick was the incredibly well and originally executed UST (Unresolved Sexual Tension) between Fry and him that "didn't" (you'll get what I mean once you see it). One can't deny that they had chemistry. Don't even try or I'll seek you out and make you listen to me playing Chopsticks until you scream *grin* It was fresh. As Radha Mitchell once put it (a modified quote) "Pitch Black is a really sexy movie with no sex" which is what makes it even more so interesting.<br /><br />So to summarize I recommend this movie -- even if you're really not a fan of "space stories". The suspense was kept until the very end and what's important we were (or at least I was) left wanting for more. If you can't be bothered to think about psychology subtext and such (as is my bad habit) you'll still find Pitch Black highly entertaining. Just kick off your shoes and enjoy.
critique1843 William Haines sparks this tale of a brash cadet who thinks West Point will really be something now that he has arrived. Terrific goony comic performance by Haines was his trademark--one that made him a top box office star from 1928-1932 and one of MGM's biggest stars. Joan Crawford and William Bakewell are fine too. And although this storyline may seem trite now this was a huge hit putting Haines and Crawford in a college football (a national craze during the 20s) story. After Haines blows off his big mouth one time too often and nearly gets shunned by fellow cadets he turns in a wonderful performance as he swallows his pride and gets into the big game against Navy. Even with a broken arm he wins the game for Army and regains his place at West Point. It's easy to see from this film and Show People (with the always underrated Marion Davies) why Billy Haines was a huge star of the time. He needs and deserves to be remembered!
critique1844 Sort of like a very primitive episode of "General Hospital" set in a natal ward (and one for tough cases at that) this fast-moving programmer has a satisfying emotional impact -- mainly because Eric Linden as the distraught young husband in the main plot is so palpably a wreck and with such good reason. His expectant wife Loretta Young is brought to the ward at the beginning of a 20-year prison sentence for offing a lecher who probably had it coming to him; Ms. Young as always doesn't do anything to disinvite audience sympathy and she's a little too good to be true though sympathetic and lovely to look at of course. Her difficult pregnancy and relationships with the other girls of the ward form the heart of the movie and the outcome -- not an entirely happy one -- feels right. Aline MacMahon "one of the cinema's few perfect actresses" in the apt words of film historian David Thomson exudes warmth and authority as the head nurse and Glenda Farrell as a none-too-willing new mom of twins gets to croon "Frankie and Johnny" as a drunken lullaby. Frank McHugh figures in another subplot and he gets to show more range than Warners usually permitted him. It's scaled and paced modestly and Linden's expectant-dad panic stays with you for days -- this sort of part was often played for laughs but he's a terrified young kid in trouble and very persuasive.
critique1845 Bette Davis' cockney accent in this film is absolutely appalling. I totally understand that Americans and other nationalities mightn't realise this and that's fine; but believe me it's about half as good as Dick Van Dyke's cockney accent in Mary Poppins and that was a right load of old pony (slipped into London vernacular there - many apologies).<br /><br />The remarkable thing to me is that the strange accents and exaggerated acting styles don't detract from the films' power. Of Human Bondage is a fascinating piece of cinema despite its superficial faults. It also has to be viewed in perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of film making at the time have to be appreciated and given those limitations John Cromwell does a very good job directing the camera and allowing the narrative to develop cinematically rather than solely via the mannered acting and stilted dialogue. A fine example of his skillful direction is the scene set at Victoria Station. It is beautifully conceived shot and edited. Note too the stark shots of the prostrate Mildred towards the end of the film; they owe more to the early days of artistic film making than the sanitised formulaic world of the studio that was about to dominate.<br /><br />The themes of the film are universally familiar and compelling ones: sexual obsession unrequited love scorned passion self-loathing manipulative relationships social divides and youthful folly. Though the dialogue is often rather hackneyed the difficult task of portraying these themes and the inner lives of the characters is tackled well albeit in a low-key way. Some of the scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to watch but the story doesn't descend into clichÃƒÂ©; we're aware that the characters (even the poisonous Mildred) are both victims and perpetrators and that their actions are motivated by their misunderstanding of each others feelings as well as by wilful selfishness. Whilst naive in style the story reaches to the complex heart of the human condition and the mannered nature of the acting and the occasionally grating exchanges don't diminish the veracity of the work.<br /><br />Of Human Bondage was one of the films that got Bette Davis noticed in Hollywood and whilst watching it you are conscious of being witness at the birth of a celebrated career. Her unconventional beauty and screen charisma (no one flounced or did disdain quite like Ms Davis) grab your attention from her first appearance. Whilst hers is definitely the memorable performance in the film Leslie Howard is also excellent as the sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. They are a good combination though why oh why didn't he help her with that terrible terrible accent!?
critique1846 I usually give horror films around 6/10 but this one caught my eye. House of Wax was by far the best horror film I have seen... Even better than the Amityville Horror.<br /><br />Paris Hilton was quite good in this and I must say has a good future ahead. Her death scene was probably the coolest. I'll just say how she dies...<br /><br />She gets a giant pole right between her eyes and they close-ups on and everything. Gory eh? Brian Van Holt was very good as both the killers Bo and Vincent (Vincent had the long hair). Usually he plays a mean cop or soldier but he did very well in this.<br /><br />Eliza Cuthbert and Chad Michael Murray also acted very well as Carly and Nick Jones. Nick took the spotlight in the first half of the movie then Eliza stole it back by enduring a lot of pain in the second half like getting the finger clipped off ripping her lips apart after they got glued together and getting a straight forward punch in the face by Bo.<br /><br />Overall I give this movie an 8/10. Fans of horror films MUST see this.
critique1847 Hot Millions is a great movie in every way. A fun offbeat story with wonderful performances by four of the best professionals ever to work in the business. Peter Ustinov is brilliant as usual and Maggie Smith---definitely one of the greatest actresses of all time--- is a total delight. Karl Malden and Bob Newhart round out the cast and are also perfect. If you want a movie that has perfect casting this is it. What is so impressive is the way these people work off each other in such a natural and effortless way creating lots of laughs and fun moments throughout. Peter Ustinov was a genius with a wonderful sense of humor and this is one of his most memorable performances. The direction photography and editing are also first-rate and it's a great time capsule of London in the '60s. It's definitely on my all-time favorites list.
critique1848 A strange relationship between a middle-aged woman and a transsexual who gonna be a woman soon. Charlotte and Venorica both trapped by their inanimate lives and don't know how to get out of them. Charlotte is an owner of a beauty clinic she has broken up with her aggressive ex-husband moved into an apartment alone with all the furniture packed except her big bed. Veronica lives downstairs with her poor dog She's sensitive and desperately bothered by her mother's visiting and the bad relationship with her dad. Her only hope is that the upcoming transsexual operation will turn her into a real woman and then everything will be fine. All she can do now is waiting for an approval certificate.<br /><br />Then these two individuals meet by chance and gradually they are all involved into other's lives there are some sparkles between them but no one is brave enough to face the truth because they are not willing to accept the change as most people do. Eventually the ending is quite satisfying and leaves some imagination for us to think about it.<br /><br />The director's great work gives me an great impression she handles the development of characters very well the emotional atmosphere is quite full and intense. Also I am so obsessed with the gloomy lights all over the apartment Delphic but full of desire.<br /><br />Two main characters are played by Trine Dyrholm and David Dencik they are amazing in their roles a very impressive performance and the chemical reaction between them is genuine and convincing.<br /><br />This Swedish indie film is about encountering and change no matter you're homosexual or heterosexual male or female the oddness of life exists everywhere whenever you fall across it you'll be hesitate and bewildered but at least don't be afraid follow your heart and choose the right way.
critique1849 Therefore it is important to talk about the DVD release instead of just the film. Tales from the Crapper is a film that only one studio in the world could deliver. The one that has brought us innovative and original REAL independent films for 30 plus years now: Troma. This is truly a very special film because it manages to be certainly not my favorite of the Troma-productions but released on a disc that because of what I just said is one of my most valued and favorite DVD's. Not only counting the countless Troma discs I own but counting my entire collection of films. The film itself is the result of an ill fated plan to produce a television series to be directed by a director who was trusted with a substantial amount of money (especially for Troma) to make something wonderful and delivered a lot of unfinished and incomprehensible material before quitting (or being fired I am not sure which at this moment). In order to prevent having to shove a vast investment down the toilet Lloyd Kaufman and Michael Herz decided to get together a team of directors and actors and use the material as the backbone of one movie. One movie that really consists of two in the nice old Tales From The Crypt anthology fashion hosted by the Crapkeeper played by Mr Kaufman himself. But as I said not quite my own favorite of all their movies. That is greatly due to a weird sense of discipline at the various sets forgetting about the hard Troma rule of "no booze on the set" which was discovered by a furious Lloyd and other less respectable employees that Troma had at the time of the filming of the added scenes. All this made it all but impossible for Mr Kaufman to make a worthwhile product in the editing room. But Lloyd Kaufman is a genius and with the troubled added scenes to an already misshapen start-product he crafted not much less of a masterpiece. The film itself is as good as circumstances would allow the most brilliant filmmaker to slice together and it is certainly highly entertaining totally confusing loaded with those elements that made Troma great and certainly unique and one of a kind. As a film itself though not as brilliant as many other Troma productions. The genius of Independent Cinema however made the DVD of this film so much more than a release of a film with some extra's. The film is when push comes to shove actually only a part of the entire DVD that in its whole is a document of the difficult situation serious filmmakers find themselves in having to survive in a world that is monopolized by the few Very Big Ones who don't really allow any other players on their market turf. A document of the problems one has when trusting people to be on the level only to find out that freedom sometimes is something that is hard to live up to and realization that access to a Movie Budget when the Boss is not around can corrupt even those who should really know better. The brilliance of this DVD is that the film is not perfect and that Lloyd KNOWS it and doesn't want to make anyone think he believes it is. The full-length commentary is a show in itself (as is often the case with Mr. Kaufan's audio commentaries) mixing humor sneers at those who deserve it and highly interesting information for anyone interested in Independent Film-making in such a fashion that watching the film again with this commentary straight after viewing it on its own merits is so interesting it is hard to stop. The feature-length documentary THE THICK BROWN LINE takes us behind the scenes at the various locations where Lloyd visits the sets only to sometimes take over and make the most of what he finds there. We see him somewhat disillusioned sometimes different from his appearances in other Making Of Documents such as Fart of Darkness and Apocalypse Soon both to be found in the must-own MAKE YOUR OWN DAMN MOVIE box set. <br /><br />The added scenes with James Gunn (who started his career at Troma only to find success as a writer an now a director in Hollywood) and Trey Parker (again someone to start out with a Troma-released work to later be a national hero with his South Park series) are entertaining and probably (as is much else on this release) a reason for obtaining this disc alone for anyone remotely interested in the work of these two characters. Loaded with much more than I could mention here (including a SECOND audio-commentary) this is one of the best Troma-DVD-releases.
critique1850 CASOMAI was the last movie I've seen before getting married just last year. <br /><br />It was also the first movie I've searched for after I was married because we promised to offer a copy to our priest.<br /><br />Sometimes reality is not that apart from fiction. To all those who wrote that priests like "Don Camillo" don't exist in real life I would recommend them to visit my Priest Pe. Nuno Westwood in Estoril Portugal :-)<br /><br />To all others I would only recommend them to see this movie before and after the "I do!" day :-)<br /><br />Rodrigo Ribeiro Portugal
critique1851 I saw this film for the very first time several years ago - and was hooked up in an instant. It is great and much better than J. F. K. cause you always have to think 'Can it happen to me? Can I become a murderer?' You cannot turn of the TV or your VCR without thinking about the plot and the end which you should'nt miss under any circumstances.
critique1852 The whole world is falling prey to a lethal disease and rain never stops pouring down : nevertheless in this atmosphere of nightmare a man and a woman discover that they are neighbors thanks to a hole in the floor of the man's apartment. They fall in love : at least all would not have been lost. Although this wonderful film expresses the loneliness and the weakness of human being there is also some room for hope in the shiny singing scenes.
critique1853 An overblown melodrama typical of its period (mid-1950s) and appropriate matinÃƒÂ©e food. Rock Hudson the hulk everyone always falls in love with plays his usual stereotype role but whereas in Giant made the same year when his material and co-stars (Taylor & Dean) were above average in this movie he is just not good enough to raise the calibre beyond a mushy tale of how difficult it is to be both rich and happy. The self-destructive brother and sister (Robert Stack reeling his way through the film in a drunken stupor and Dorothy Malone playing a vampish poor little rich girl totally over the top) end up the losers and Hudson gets Bacall - who is rather wooden in this part which does not have enough character or wit to get her going. To paraphrase Oscar Wilde the good end happily and the bad unhappily that is the meaning of fiction. However I was interested to read that the film is based on a true story which vindicated the plot. Like other films of the period homosexuality is disguised in heterosexual terms. Maybe the film could be remade: Stack's character would ring truer if he was hiding homosexual feelings for Mitch by marrying. Todd Haynes's Far From Heaven greatly improved on All That Heaven Allows  also directed by Sirk. Perhaps Haynes could remake Written on the Wind and give us a truly memorable film.
critique1854 This game is very good for the n64. You can skate as Tony Hawk Bob Burnquist Steve Caballero Kareem Campell Eric Koston Bucky Lasek Rune Glifberg Andrew Reynolds Elissa Steamer Jamie Thomas Rodney Mullen Chad Muska and maybe some more skaters. The game doesn't have Mike V or Bam Margera. Dang! Well anyway the gameplay is awesome. The level School II is a great level with so much to skate. In Career mode you collect SKATE get money get high scores and other various things in 2 minutes. There's create a skater which is pretty cool. I created a skater named Butt Mulligan a black guy with an afro and a Girl board. There's park editor some cool premade parks free skate and there's single session where you skate for 2 minutes and get a score. You can watch replays which is always cool. Each skater has 2 styles: A and B. The graphics aren't that good. Well they're good for an n64 game. I wish I had a controller pack so I could save my data. Overall this game is awesome. I give it an 8/10 for n64. But with the GBA version it's just as fun as the n64 version but kinda hard to control. I give it a 7/10 for GBA. So go out to a place that still sells n64 games and pick up a copy. There's also versions for PS1.
critique1855 Almost 30 years later I recall this original PBS film as almost unbearably tender. Periodically I check here at IMDb hoping that someone has had the good sense to purchase the rights and put it on a DVD. It's September of 2004 and I keep hoping -- deep sigh.<br /><br />One of the two lead actors went on to a small career primarily in a prime-time evening soap; the other Frances Lee McCain was seen in small roles here and there for a few years. But nothing they did before or after ever matched this little movie which was produced as I recall it on a short-lived PBS series which showcased original screenplays by new and up-and-coming playwrights.<br /><br />I watched it every time it was shown on PBS maybe 2 or 3 times. That was before the era of VCRs so I have no record of it except in my mind's eye.<br /><br />12/31/2006 addition to above: Happy New Year ladies! This wonderful film is finally available on DVD at ladyslipper.org. My understanding is that the DVDs are burned from the writer's own personal copy.
critique1856 It's remarkable that for 'Young Mr. Lincoln's' supporting players Ford cast lesser known other-than-star actors. This not only heightens his film's focus on the central character of Lincoln but it also affords the audience a refreshing insight into Lincoln as a man of his place and time a man embroiled as each one of us inexorably is in the issues and sentiments of his time and seeking his way to resolving them. It's not so much through Fonda's Lincoln's words and actions but in the faces the reactions of the supporting players that Ford tells the story of the formation of the young Lincoln's worldview sense of place in society and polity and of how the people responded to Mr. Lincoln's words and deeds and placed their trust in this man whom they deemed to have earned their respect and heeding.<br /><br />Give this a try: instead of focusing on Henry Fonda next time you view 'Young Mr. Lincoln' shift your focus to the supporting characters - you will I expect be handsomely rewarded with a more profound appreciation of both Lincoln and Ford. I like to suspect that Ford's storytelling through the supporting characters' reactions to Fonda's Lincoln may have appealed to David Lean when he directed Omar Sharif in 'Doctor Zhivago' in which it's the supporting characters' reactions to Zhivago that actually tell about Zhivago.
critique1857 After a somewhat slow start I thought this movie about the Italian occupation of a Greek island during World War II picked up and became a quite enjoyable watch for a couple of hours from primarily two points of view. <br /><br />The love triangle is an interesting one and strikes me as believable because I know it happened in various places under occupation. Penelope Cruz played Pelagia a young Greek girl engaged to be married to Mandras (Christian Bale). I had questions about the depth of their love from the start but their future was torn apart when Italy invaded Greece and Mandras went off to fight. After German intervention Greece is conquered and the island Pelagia lives on comes under Italian occupation during which Pelagia meets and begins to fall in love with Captain Corelli (Nicholas Cage.) This of course was a dilemma that came to many young women in occupied lands. As they got to know their occupiers they started to see them not as the enemy but as real people and sometimes fell in love - often to the disapproval of their neighbours. I just finished reading an interesting book about the German occupation of Britain's Channel Islands in which this was a major issue. Once Mandras returns to the island Pelagia is torn between them.<br /><br />The second background issue is the Italian occupation itself which I thought was quite realistically portrayed. First was the contempt with which the island treated their Italian occupiers. Greece defeated Italy (quite true from a historical perspective) and was really conquered by the Germans. The refusal of the town to surrender to the Italians and instead to insist on surrendering to a German officer struck me as something that could well have happened (and was quite funny in fact. I loved the line "we would rather surrender to this German's dog than to you Italians.") The portrayal of the Italian troops also struck me as believable. The Italian Army was never enamoured of their German ally and never enthusiastic about fighting with them. Although Hitler and Mussolini were close friends their soldiers tended to treat each other with contempt. Here the Italians are more interested in singing than fighting (which the German troops on the island simply can't understand) and are ecstatic when Italy makes peace and withdraws from the war - until they discover that this may well make them prisoners of the Germans. It was all quite well done I thought.<br /><br />It falters a bit at the end with an all too predictable finish but still deserves praise.<br /><br />7/10
critique1858 Neither the total disaster the UK critics claimed nor the misunderstood masterpiece its few fanboys insist Revolver is at the very least an admirable attempt by Guy Ritchie to add a little substance to his conman capers. But then nothing is more despised than an ambitious film that bites off more than it can chew especially one using the gangster/con-artist movie framework. As might be expected from Luc Besson's name on the credits as producer there's a definite element of 'Cinema de look' about it: set in a kind of realistic fantasy world where America and Britain overlap it looks great has a couple of superbly edited and conceived action sequences and oozes style all of which mark it up as a disposable entertainment. But Ritchie clearly wants to do more than simply rehash his own movies for a fast buck and he's spent a lot of time thinking and reading about life the universe and everything. If anything its problem is that he's trying to throw in too many influences (a bit of Machiavelli a dash of Godard a lot of the Principles of Chess) motifs and techniques littering the screen with quotes: the film was originally intended to end with three minutes of epigrams over photos of corpses of mob victims and at times it feels as if he never read a fortune cookie he didn't want to turn into a movie. Rather than a commercial for Kabbalism it's really more a mixture of the overlapping principles of commerce chess and confidence trickery that for the most part pulls off the difficult trick of making the theosophy accessible while hiding the film's central (somewhat metaphysical) con.<br /><br />The last third is where most of the problems can be found as Jason Statham takes on the enemy (literally) within with lots of ambitious but not always entirely successful crosscutting within the frame to contrast people's exterior bravado with their inner fear and anger but it's got a lot going for it all the same. Not worth starting a new religion over but I'm surprised it didn't get a US distributor. Maybe they found Ray Liotta's intentionally fake tan just too damn scary?
critique1859 Hehehe. This was one of the best funny road movies ever! I laughed so I fell out of the chair. With many Norwegian and foreign celebrities playing themselves. Harald Zwart is the producer known for films like Agent Cody banks and of course One Night at McCool's.<br /><br />It is about Norwegian crazy fans going to the world cup in Soccer in Germany 2006. And all sort of crazy fun that comes with it. It was hilarious. I couldn't stop laughing. I haven't had so much fun in ages. Rumors say it will come a number two but I do not know. It will be hard beating this one. <br /><br />recommended to everyone! It is a must see film. I was suppose to see it at the cinema but I had work at the times it where shown. And been trying to rent it for a month but all the time rented out. Got it today on DVD. Well worth it.
critique1860 Witchery or Witchcraft as it's commonly known in Europe beings with Jane Brooks (Linda Blair) waking up from a nightmare involving a witch. Jane's Mother & Father Rose (Annie Ross) & Freddie (Robert Champagne) are interested in buying an old deserted hotel on an island about 50 miles from Boston renovating it & reopening it. Together with Jane & their young son Tommy (Michael Manchester) Rose & Freddie are planning to travel to the island with an architect named Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland) to check on the amount of work that needs doing they also meet up with the estate agent Jerry Giordano (Rick Farnsworth) & hire a local fisherman named Sam (George Stevens) to take them to the island. Once there they enter the hotel & begin to inspect the property while back on the boat Sam is killed & the boat is let loose to sail off into the distance. They discover two unexpected guests in the shape of a photographer named Gary (David Hasselhoff) & his virgin fiancÃƒÂ© Leslie (Leslie Cumming) who happens to be researching a book that she is writing about the gruesome legends & superstitions surrounding the infamous island & hotel. As the night draws on a raging storm outside isolates them from the mainland as a mysterious 'lady in black' (Hildegard Knef) keeps popping up as the ancient evil that resides in the hotel seeks fresh victims for demonic possession human sacrifice & Satanic rites...<br /><br />The director of this American Italian co-produced film is somewhat shrouded in mystery as the IMDb lists Fabrizio Laurenti as Martin Newlin but there are rumours that Joe D'Amato did the honours either way to be honest despite it's bad reputation I found Witchery quite entertaining in a so-bad-it's-good cheesy sort of way. The script credited to Harry Spalding & Daniele Stroppa on the IMDb again is confusing too as the actual credit on the film itself is Daniel Davis anyway whoever wrote this thing did a decent job please stop laughing. At heart it's a haunted house horror but adds some gory deaths & a surreal feeling to everything. The different sets of characters have reasonable motives & didn't get on my nerves as much as I'd thought they might it's not plotted very well it doesn't make a whole a lot of sense & the dialogue isn't exactly top drawer stuff but as a whole Witchery entertained me for it's 95 odd minute duration plain & simple. It's reasonably well paced a little slow to get going maybe but there are plenty of surreal bizarre goings-on & gruesome deaths to keep one amused. One part of Witchery which destroys some of it's credibility is this so-called storm there is no storm in sight & the sea is probably calm enough to swim in Witchery's supposed 'twist' ending didn't really work for me either & just check out the dumb expression on Cummings face on that final freeze-frame. The hotel provides for a good isolated location & adds a certain atmosphere to the film which has the distinctive indefinable 'horror' feel throughout cheap horror at that. Technically Witchery is not too bad at all it was obviously shot on location so it looks good throughout & while not exactly the pinnacle of film-making finesse it's overall production values are slightly better than expected. The violence & gore is of typical Euro explicitness a woman has her lips sewn shut & hung inside a fireplace so she can't scream as the others light it someone is crucified & then burned alive impaled on a swordfish someones veins expand & pop & a woman is raped by a man with no lips. Witchery was shot in English so there is no dubbing as far as acting goes David Hasselhoff & Linda Blair in the same film what more can I say?! Yes ladies Hasselhoff does take his shirt off & for the lads Cummings takes hers off. Both Hasselhoff & Blair are a hoot to watch in this thing however the little kid is very annoying & really can't act at all. I sure most sane film-goers will disagree with my opinions but I still stand by the fact that I liked it & would happily watch it again Witchery is pretty good fun & definitely worth a watch if your into 'bad' films or your a horror fan in general.
critique1861 Enter the Fat Dragon is one of the funniest martial art movies I had the opportunity to see. Sammo Hung portrays a Chinese farm boy that comes to visit a city friend. Just like Tang Lung of "Way of the Dragon." Wherever Sammo goes trouble starts therefore he has to rely on his martial art skills to solve the differences. Luckily Sammo's character learns martial arts by imitating and mimicking his idol Bruce Lee. He even strokes his nose with his thumb exactly the way Bruce Lee does and also releases his screeching yell. He also uses nunchucks in a scene. It was like watching a fat Bruce Lee. There's a great showdown near the end of the movie which consists of foreign fighters. Sammo has to encounter each opponent one by one. Sort of like "The Game of Death" where each fighter possesses a different martial art discipline from one another.<br /><br />This is one of the films I really enjoyed watching and also the very first Sammo Hung movies I've seen. Excellent fight scenes and a lot of laughs. A rare classic Sammo Hung film I highly recommend for all you martial art fans out there. 8.5/10!
critique1862 Fire And Ice is an animated film set in a fantasy world. The film is about a village that is destroyed by a giant glacier which is the home of the evil ice lord named Nekron. The only survivor of the village is a young man named Larn who sets out to avenge those who were killed by the glacier. The ice glacier moves through the land of fire and the princess of the land named Teegra is kidnapped by evil creatures. Larn sets out to find her and also sets out to find and kill Nekron. Fire And Ice is directed by Ralph Bakshi who is one of my favourite adult animators. He has brought us such animated masterpieces as the film version of Fritz The Cat and some films he has written himself like the great film Heavy Traffic. I didn't like Fire And Ice nearly as much as I have Ralph Bakshi's other work but I still found the film to be enjoyable. It had some very nice animation in parts and the story was entertaining enough. The only basic complaints I have is that I wish that there was more of a story to the film because the story it uses is very thin and there is not a lot to it. I also wish the film was a bit longer because it is under 80 minutes in running time. Still it's an entertaining action adventure films that unlike Fritz The Cat or Heavy Traffic is appropriate for kids 8 and older. I only wish that there was a more developed story and it went on a bit longer than it did.
critique1863 12 year old Arnald Hillerman accidentally kills his older brother Eugene. His feelings are arrested by the fact that his family can not interact with him (or feel it is not the right thing to do). His ONLY refuge is his grandfather who is the ONLY one who seems to have compassion on him. The Realism will captivate "true-2-life" movie lovers but will not satisfy those that desire action & thrills.
critique1864 Surely one the French films of the decade so far a taut atmospheric thriller making full use of the lead characters hearing impediment to use sound in a way rarely explored in cinema. Emannuelle Devos gives a truly stunning  multi-faceted performance at times devious and manipulative at other times open and vulnerable. Another reason why those who appreciate quality cinema should keep their eyes open for offerings from France.
critique1865 These two stars are the only iconic heroes/villains i know that got a good TV series so let's compare.<br /><br />Freddy - 7 movies Robocop - 3 movies<br /><br />Freddy - 1 TV series 2 seasons about 40 episodes Robocop - 1 TV series 1 season about 22-23 episodes<br /><br />Freddy - 2 extra films (Freddy Vs Jason Freddy Vs Ghostbusters) Robocop - 4 extra films (Robocop: Prime Directives: Dark Justice Meltdown Crach & Burn Resurrection)<br /><br />Freddy - 1 upcoming film Robocop - 1 upcoming film<br /><br />Who's had more screen time? Well they've both had 7 movies 1 TV series and 1 upcoming film. But Freddy wins it thanks to his 2 extra films (one being a fan film) & 17-18 TV episodes.<br /><br />Since this is a comment for the series between Freddy's Nightmares - ANOES: The Series & Robocop: The Series I would personally choose Robocop...
critique1866 Just kidding about the weight loss thing; well you might lose weight you never know. Anyway what can I say I love this film. It has that same sense of youth and innocence found in films like Stand By Me and The Goonies. Jake's Closet illustrates the beauty of life's simple things and how often we overlook them. The film reminds us what it's like to see the world through children's eyes and all the magic mystery and horror they perceive. Jake's Closet presents a tale uniquely human in its compassion that anyone who's had a childhood can both relate to and fall in love with. Watch it with friends; watch it with loved ones; build a fort - wine optional.
critique1867 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1868 This film is not your typical Hollywood fare though the pickings are so bad I often tend to stay away from movies rather than be disappointed. However this little low-budget gem is thoroughly loveable and enjoyable and definitely a keeper. The actors are as varied as the characters they portray the Buffalo setting is charming (what a pretty city) and the story sparkles. The lack of gratuitous violence sex and the "f" word doesn't detract in the least! Take the kids take grandma take a break from Hollywood! I give it an 11 out of 10!
critique1869 This film is like marmite. You either love it or you hate it. If you go into this film expecting a proper film with decent production values a good plot and great characters you'll hate it. If you go into this film expecting a low budget slasher you'll probably hate it.<br /><br />If you go into this film expecting to see one of the most deranged characters ever put to film in the form of Harry Russo you will love it. John Giancaspro is absolutely brilliant in his over the top portrayal of the insane murderous coke fiend.<br /><br />The special effects are abysmal at best but really who cares? If you're the kind of person who's prepared to watch a film Schizophreniac: The Whore Mangler you've undoubtedly seen scores of horror films filled with gore. With the budget this film was made for even if they had tried it probably would've mediocre at best. I'd much rather be able to laugh at something abysmal than be unaffected by the mediocre.<br /><br />To sum it up you'll probably hate this film but if you're one of the few who decide to see it anyway it'll become the best thing since sliced bread #2 I hate marmite.
critique1870 This is the very La Nouvelle Vague.One of the best films of the New Wave and I dare say one of the first ten ever made! Why? The atmosphere the storythe actors (actress) are all brilliant. This is the theater a fairy tale the life the film.Paris. Thank you Mr.Rivette.
critique1871 Tweaked a little bit 'Nothing' could be a children's film. It's a very clever concept touches upon some interesting metaphysical themes and goes against pretty much every Hollywood convention you can think of...what goes against everything more than literally "nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who wish the world away when everything goes wrong with their lives. All that's left is what they don't hate and a big empty white space. It's hard to focus a story on just two actors for the majority of your film especially without any cuts to anything going on outside the plot. It focuses on pretty much one subject but that's prime Vincenzo Natali territory. If you've seen 'Cube' you know already that he tends to like that type of situation. The "nothing" in this movie is apparently infinite space but Natali somehow manages to make it somewhat claustrophobic if only because there's literally nothing else and nowhere else to go. The actors sell it although you can tell these guys are friends anyway. Two actors from 'Cube' return here (Worth and Kazan) but are entirely different characters. They change throughout the story and while they're not the strongest actors in the world they're at least believable.<br /><br />The reason I say this could be a children's film under the right tweaks is because aside from a few f-bombs and a somewhat unnecessary bloody dream sequence the whimsical and often silly feel of this movie could very much be digested easily by kids. So I find it an odd choice that the writers decided to add some crass language and a small amount of gore especially considering there isn't very much of it. This could've gotten a PG rating easily had they simply cut a few things out and changed a little dialogue. There is very little objectionable about this film but just enough to keep parents from wanting their kids to see it. I only say that's a shame because not because I support censorship but because that may have been the only thing preventing this movie from having wider exposure.<br /><br />At any rate this is a reasonably entertaining film albeit with a few dragged-out scenes. But for literally being about nothing and focused entirely on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
critique1872 Amazing documentary. Saw it on original airdate and on DVD a few times in the last few years. I was shocked that it wasn't even nominated for a Best Documentary Oscar for 2002 the year it was released. No other documentary even comes close.<br /><br />It was on TV recently for the 5th anniversary but I missed the added "where are they now" segment at the end except I did catch that tony now works for the hazmat unit.<br /><br />I've seen criticism on documentary film-making from a few on this list. I can't see how this could have been done any different. They had less than 6 months to assemble this and get it on the air. The DVD contains more material and background.<br /><br />I'm also surprised that according to IMDb.com the brother have had no projects in the four years since. What have they been doing?
critique1873 In the '60's/'70's David Jason was renowned for his many supporting roles in television comedies such as 'Do Not Adjust Your Set!' 'Hark At Barker' and the 'Doctor' series. It was in 1974 that he landed his first leading role in London Weekend Television's 'The Top Secret Life Of Edgar Briggs' written by Richard Laing & Bernard McKenna.<br /><br />Edgar Briggs is a secret agent of the 'S.I.S' ('Secret Intelligence Service'). He genuinely tries to do his job well but always seems to mess things up. Astonishingly enough though he always succeeds in getting to the bottom of cases much to the amazement of his colleagues- 'Buxton' (Michael Stainton) 'Spencer' (Mark Eden) and 'Cathy' (the lovely Elisabeth Counsell) all of which answer to 'The Commander' (Noel Coleman).<br /><br />Briggs is married to 'Jennifer' (Barbara Angell) a woman who much like Michele Dotrice's 'Betty' from 'Some Mother's Do 'Ave 'Em!' has the patience of a saint and stands by her hare-brained (but well-meaning) husband no matter what.<br /><br />Like 'Some Mother's Do 'Ave 'Em' and 'The Baldy Man' 'T.T.S.L.O.E.B' was laced completely with slapstick. Each episode saw Jason perform stunts such as plummeting from a high window sill or falling from the top of a ladder while decorating his flat. It was 'custard pie in the face' stuff really.<br /><br />'Edgar Briggs' was not a big hit due to poor scheduling from I.T.V. A shame as it was an amusing and enjoyable show well served by its star and the fine support cast. The leading man though did not seem to enjoy the experience of the show. David Jason vetoed repeat screenings of the show because he felt his acting in it was non-refined. Granted the David Jason who played 'Del Boy' 'Inspector Frost' and 'Pop Larkin' is way different to the one that played Briggs but by no means was his acting unrefined. Most actors would have turned Briggs into a ridiculous caricature but Jason's performance made Briggs a credible realistic figure. Odd perhaps but not unimaginable.<br /><br />Jason's next vehicle was 'Lucky Feller' in which he played mummy's boy 'Shorty Mempstead'. It too failed to make the ratings. His lucky break came in the shape of A.T.V's 'A Sharp Intake Of Breath' in which he played walking disaster area 'Peter Barnes' for four series between 1977-1981. So while not outstanding as such 'Briggs' is an easy and worthwhile watch. Nice 'James Bond' style theme tune too!
critique1874 The appeal of ancient films like this one is that you get to see an actual moving image of life over 100 years ago. Here are a lot of people leaving a factory all of them dead by now and none of them even remotely aware of the magnitude of the invention that they are walking before. I was shocked to read one reviewer call this film as boring as home videos today and at least one other mistakenly identified it as the first film ever made (it was the first film made at the rate of 16 frames per second rather than the then-normal 46 frames per second). <br /><br />Sure all you see is a lot of people filing out of a building and passing before the cinematograph on their way home from work but this is a curiosity piece for dozens of reasons not the least of which is that it was the first film made by the LumiÃƒÂ©re brothers who probably had a stronger impact on the development of the cinema than any other individual or group of individuals in history.
critique1875 BEWARE SPOILERS. This movie was okay. Goldie Hawn and Chris Sarandon were the best two in it. Okay so the goofie foreign guy who (SPOILER HERE) trades with the biker for his clothes was funny. This guy's boss was good too. But the movie really belonged to Sarandon and Hawn. These two should have had a lot more time on screen together. They're chemistry was great. The bathroom scene-WOW! Romantic sweet yummy.<br /><br />Hawn is a goofy cocktail waitress who saves a foreign man and ends up at the whitehouse in the middle of a plot due to the greed of politicians. To talk about Sarandon would be to give a lot away. SPOILERS This is a rather untypical romantic/political comedy and it satisfies both somewhat-the political side a whole lot more than the romantic. It touches on political issues and just barely skims on romantic areas.<br /><br />
critique1876 I enjoyed this for a couple of reasons. The emotional tangle was at times confusing and imperfectly resolved but the blend of newsreel footage with the film's narrative was often compelling. The other element that I appreciated was the depiction of the Werewolves the fanatical Nazis who continued the fight after the formal surrender. I don't know of another film that deals with them. They assassinated Burgomaster Oppenhoff of Aachen on Palm Sunday 1945 for example and did create problems for the occupation. The film then challenges the sanitized version of victory and occupation with some gritty realities. The "human issues" are presented not so much through the characters here but through the historical reality that was gripping those who had survived Hitler -- both conquered and victors.
critique1877 This is a FANTASTIC film. HÃƒÂ¡na is a very old guy with a very young heart. He knows how to live his live fully everyday by teaming up with his friend making pranks on just about everything even his own death. While his wife can't deal with his "irresponsible" behavior she also knows that it's exactly why she loves her husband for almost half century. I would love to hang out with this old guy because he knows how to enjoy live and never fear of death. He is joyful witty mischievous and never boring. Vlastimil BrodskÃƒÂ½ brilliantly played HÃƒÂ¡na at the age of 79. Every look from his eyes and every move from his aging muscles deliver so much about the character to the audience. This is a film that leaves a big smile on my face afterwards and it makes me look at my own live a little closer. Tomorrow I am gonna go and buy myself a mansion and have some fun. If HÃƒÂ¡na can so can I. But I think I will skip the smoking part.
critique1878 Certainly this proves beyond a shadow of doubt that Patricia Arquette is what she is promoted to be: An ACTRESS! This is undoubtedly her finest moment of Acting and she certainly deserves the credit for her work. Never in any of her other movies with the possible exception of Holy Matrimony has she been totally believable and authentic.<br /><br />PLot: A young woman finds herself in southeast Asia and is suddenly thrown into the political havoc of the countryside. She witnesses mass murder and totalitarianism and escapes.<br /><br />It is one movie that you MUST see or you have not seen all of Hollywood's finest. I rank it 58 in the top 100 films of all time.<br /><br />Thanks Bob
critique1879 Anyone who thinks anime is nothing but sex and violence will be silenced forever after watching this movie. This is a fine movie that tells about Tetsuro's quest to avenge his mother's death but also grows up in the process. The journey on the train sort of represents Tetsuro's journey from boyhood to manhood. The music and visual styles of the movie are a bit dated (you can tell it's a 70's movie) and the animation is only slightly better than your average "Star Blazers" episode. But the story and the characters are so strong it really doesn't matter. A must-see for any animation fan!
critique1880 Reading some of the other comments I must agree that some of the (very few) shortcomings found in this brilliant documentary about one of the 20th century's divas (up there with Billie Holliday Bessie Smith Edith Piaf Judy Garland and Mercedes de Sosa) are justified. Because initially this was a 6-hours-plus TV documentary about her career("ESTRANHA FORMA DE VIDA" (V) 1995/1999). Far more encompassing and with greater insight into AmÃƒÂ¡lia's inner world. As for the subtitling her songs I'm all for it! Though the music the voice and the performance may be - are! - universal there is so much poetry in the words just begging to be translated. I think this was a conscious choice by the producers. They were aiming at the 200 million Portuguese speakers in Brazil Portugal Mozambique France East Timor Cape Verde Guinea-Bissau Canada the US South Africa St. Tome and Principe Goa Daman Diu Venezuela Luxembourg Germany and the rest of the Portuguese-speaking diaspora worldwide. As for the Lady herself she did not live to see this particular shortened DVD version of the documentary but she was given a preview of "Estranha Forma de Vida". And it seems to have been to her liking. Very much so.
critique1881 The stories in this video are very entertaining and it definately is worth a look! The first one concerns a young couple harrassed in the woods by two rednecks with a great but unexplained twist at the end.<br /><br />The seond is the best of the lot and it alone makes this worth watching - A man is attacked by a dog which he fears to be rabid - He finds shelter in what appears to be a hospital but he finds out the employees there are not exactly what they appear to be...... Great twist at the end and this episode alone scores 10/10! If the others were up to par with this one this would get 10/10!<br /><br />The third is the weakest of the bunch - A girl meets with some guys and has wild sex! There appears to be no point to the story until the end with a good little twist but it is spoiled by the awful first part!<br /><br />Never the less this is a great movie that will not do you wrong at all! Well worth a rental!
critique1882 A true comedy.The dialog is fast and very witty.Eleanor Parker at her physical peak .Flynn as only Flynn can be"the charming rogue'..although now past his prime.. Most of the scenes between the principals are short so the movie moves well. If you haven't seen this movie please give a look.You will be surprised at Flynn's comedy timing.The scenes between him Tucker Parker and "Cudddles" Sakal are hilarious.Just on the basis of the outfits worn by the most attractive Parkerthis movie is worth a look.The romance of this 40's movie will not be lost on those so inclined to watch movies from Hollywood's golden past. My bet is that Never Say Goodbye won't disappoint.
critique1883 Joan Fontaine is "A Damsel in Distress" in this 1937 musical starring Fred Astaire George Burns and Gracie Allen. The plot what there is of it is about a British woman (Fontaine) in love with an American who is mistaken for Astaire a musical comedy star.<br /><br />The film directed by George Stevens contains some wonderful Gershwin music including "Nice Work if You Can Get It" and "A Foggy Day." The best scene is the "Stiff Upper Lip" number which takes place in a fun house.<br /><br />Astaire's singing voice sounds more robust in this film than it does in others and he has a couple of excellent dance numbers. Burns plays his over the top publicist and Allen is Burns' secretary. She's hilarious. The problem as others have pointed out is Fontaine who has to dance with Astaire at the end of the film. Stevens could easily have used a double because he shows the dance in a long shot and it takes place among the trees. I would have thought it was a double except the dancing was so lousy.<br /><br />Definitely worth seeing despite its flaws.
critique1884 Not all movies are Oscar worthy but let's face it sometimes these types of movies are more fun to watch and leave a longer and lasting impression. This one left me smiling and happy and I couldn't wait to hug my own son. Anyone who has had a pet (no matter what type) knows what it feels like to lose one. I believe most people would identify with Buddy almost losing his best friend who he raised from birth. Bruce Willis was great as the tycoon turned nice guy and Joey Lauren Adams was convincing as a good mother. The little boy who played Buddy had a cherub face and his sister and friend Edgar played terrific backup roles. Liked the movie a lot and it was something the whole family could enjoy. Thanks!
critique1885 I enjoyed this movie granted it is mainly because I enjoy seeing Sean Connery act and this one has the added bonus of having Ed Harris and Lawrence Fishburne in it too. The story has a grandma seeking out Connery's assistance because her grandson is in prison and she says he was wrongly convicted. At first it seems there may have been some racist aspects of the case however it later turns out the main officer on the case was black himself and it seems he did some rather bad things to coerce a confession out of the boy. Well the boy tries to point to another killer locked up in the same prison one who is about to be put to death. He is a particularly nasty person too as he takes a lot of joy in what he did writing the relatives of his victims and trying to get people to mail them. A lot of twists and turns in this one with some of it being somewhat unexpected. Me I just enjoyed Sean Connery's character trying to make sense of the whole ordeal. The movie also made me mad in areas especially when you find out what ultimately happened. You get very good interplay between Connery and Harris and Connery and Fishburne as they all shine rather well in this one. In the end this one makes for a rather good suspense/thriller.
critique1886 Huge exhaustive and passionate summary of American cinema as seen through the eyes of Martin Scorcese. Needless to say there is never a dull moment in all of its 4 hour running time. Many genres periods and directors are all examined discussed more from the perspective of cinephile rather than contemporary director. For anyone even remotely interested in American films or cinema in general. A masterpiece and the best of the BFI's Century of Cinema series.<br /><br />
critique1887 I knew little of this movie when I entered the theatre for an advance screening. I gathered from the ads that it was a thriller.<br /><br />What we have is like "Compulsion" meets "Matlock". Two teens decide to commit a perfect murder. A victim is selected at random and then carefully executed so that no traces of the actual murderers is found. Then a bunch of false leads are planted that point to an innocent bystander. (Innocent of the murder anyway)<br /><br />Enter Sondra Bullock as the investigating officer. (IMDB says that she's FBI but I don't remember that. I thought that she was a regular cop) She's frustrated by the inconsistency of the killers profile ("The profile doesn't fit the profile!") and by the power and influence of the father of one of the boys.<br /><br />She's also has demons of her own which figure prominently in her decicision to become a cop. But this is the only character that is really more than one-dimensional. All others are pretty flat.<br /><br />For a thriller there are really no big thrills. It's mostly a cat-and-mouse game like an episode of "Matlock" (which she's watching at one point in the film). The twist is that there are two involved in the killing. Just who is the real murderer Justin or Richard? It'll cost you eight bucks to find out.
critique1888 Alexander Lou star of classics such as 'The Super Ninja' and 'Mafia vs Ninja' headlines here in this entertaining martial arts fest.<br /><br />The plot involves the evil Abbott White (who boasts some humongous and frankly somewhat scary looking white eyebrows) enlisting the aid of a ninja clan in order to overthrow the Shaolin Temple.<br /><br />This goal he achieves and furthermore wipes out most of it's members although needless to say one or two do manage to survive and rather predictably go on to exact eventual revenge upon the miscreant Abbott.<br /><br />....Ok so the plot isn't exactly pushing the envelope in terms of creativity but does anyone watching a film with a title like 'Wu Tang vs Ninja' aka 'The Ninja Hunter' really care much for such an inconsequential factor as a plot? Of course not! - It's the fights that matter in these films and by gum - you get your moneys worth here! There's some superbly choreographed martial arts on display from everyone involved in this and rarely a minute seems to goes by without a fight breaking out for some reason.<br /><br />If your at all into martial arts movies then this is a must see!
critique1889 This is a great movie. I love it more each time i watch. Most comedies can get pretty lame because you know all the gags but mystery men has so much integrity in the writing and characterization that watching once again -- as Ben Stiller tears at the hood ornament of the limo or Hank Azaria says good-bye to Louise Lasser or Geoffrey Rush flashes his fuhrer choreography or Tom Waits mumbles while he watches the news report or Janeane Garofalo refuses a kiss from Paul Reubens -- is a pleasure. This is pitch perfect ensemble acting. The story develops directly and consistently the action sequences are creative and not too dominant all the set-ups payoff by the end. Seriously if you've seen it and it's been a while watch it again and if you haven't then get started. You can't watch it again until you've seen it the first time. (Wes Studi William H. Macy the tryouts scene. Too much good stuff!)
critique1890 Trio's vignettes were insightful and quite enjoyable. It was curious seeing so many soon to be famous actors when they were very young. The performances and attention to detail were wonderful to watch.<br /><br />Observation. In film it isn't necessary that source material be in alignment with the contemporary era to be interesting or worthwhile. "Small morality" storytelling is quaint (or coy) only in the eye of the beholder--thankfully. Story content--well told--can overcome it's time subject or place.<br /><br />Ironically there are quite a few contemporary films today that have not overcome the conventions or cutting edge mores of the present era. Inserting "small morality" content--occasionally--might provide a dimension lacking.
critique1891 Still Crazy is without a doubt the greatest rock comedy of all-time. It has been erroneously compared to "This Is Spinal Tap" which it has no relation to. "Spinal Tap" is a satire (and quite frankly not a very good one in spite of it's "outing" of many rock clichÃƒÂ©s). Unlike "Tap" "Still Crazy" is populated by great actors great songs and great human situations. You CARE about the people in "Still Crazy". That's all that matters. Oh yeah the music's pretty damn good too written by Mick Jones of Foreigner and Chris Difford of Squeeze. American audiences were already familiar with Stephen Rea (The Crying Game) but would only later become familiar with Bill Nighy (Underworld Love Actually Pirates Of The Caribbean II) and Timothy Spall (the Harry Potter movies).
critique1892 This movie is really nerve racking Cliffhangin movie!Stallone was good as always!Michael Rooker put on a surprising performance and John Lithgow play a excellent villain!The music is fantastic especially the theme!The movie is action packed and never dull!If you are a Stallone fan then watch Cliffhangeryou won't be disappointed!
critique1893 There have been many (well more than a few in any case) attempts over the past 30 years to create film that has an "otherworldly" appearance. Supposing that this is a Film Director's wish to distance himself from other movies or simply to gloss over the low-budget and shabby look "Begotten" is on the top echelon of this pile.<br /><br />Apart from the peerless "Eraserhead" anyway.<br /><br />Merhige's painstaking process of artificially degrading his film changes it's structure completely (imagine what this film would have looked like in glorious standard Technicolour) - It can almost be envisaged as an artifact from another unknown culture. Some images are so far removed from what we expect to see on the screen they disturb mainly as they are dislocated. This is not "Last House On The Left" disturbance more like leaving-your-cave-for-the-first-time-and-seeing-the-sun disturbance.<br /><br />Watch this Fever-Dream if you get the chance and relish. Remember they make other more standard films every day. They can wait.
critique1894 I have seen this film numerous times and for the life of me I cannot understand why some people compare this to BABE. This film is not about the secret life of ALL animals who secretly can talk. Instead it is about a Parrot who learns to talk to help his owner a little girl with a serious stammer overcome her speech impediment only to be separated from her in a heart-wrenching scene early on. Then the great journey begins. Paulie the Parrot sets out to try and find his one great friend Marie.<br /><br />Along the way he meets several wonderful people and numerous nasty people. He falls in love with a girl parrot and loses her. He gets conned into a life of crime and then captured by a bad scientist who wants to exploit him.<br /><br />He recounts his tale to a sympathetic Janitor in the Lab who agrees to help him escape and find his beloved Marie.<br /><br />Tony Shaloub shines as the kindly Janitor who has an open mind and big heart and who determines to help little Paulie despite the risks. Jay Mohr plays the voice of the Parrot AND one of the seedy characters he comes across.<br /><br />There is a little suggestive language but this film is appropriate for most kids and even more so if the parents join in on the fun and watch too. It is a witty clever epic animal-adventure story and ultimately a great love story about a Bird and his little girl. He search for Marie ends with a quite an unexpected surprise for most people who don;t know much about Parrots.<br /><br />Kids who have seen the wild Green Parrot Tribes in Los Angeles and Pasadena will especially benefit from seeing this film and understanding that Birds especially Parrots are not disposable pets. All children everywhere will see that Pets form deep attachments themselves and that the love and loyalty of a dog or parrot is a gift to be treasured.<br /><br />so no BABE here more of an incredible journey with a twist.<br /><br />Enjoy and try no to tear up during the sad parts.
critique1895 Rose and the good Doctor find themselves in a space station that is on a planet that's quite impossibly hovering in orbit right below a black hole. The crew of the station is just as perplexed at that as the two new inhabitants are. Suitably spooky in it's atmosphere and gets better as the Doctor and Rose find themselves stranded due to circumstances out of their control and speaking through the submissive alien race of the Ood something quite dark is coming from below the crust of the planet. Not haven seen the second part of this two-parter I can't vouch that the end is as strong yet. But it does make for one hell of a beginning.<br /><br />My Grade: A
critique1896 To be honest I had no idea what this movie was about when I started it. That's how I watch movies whenever possible. No preconception. I thought this was going to be a movie about stoners in the woods or something. I was wrong kinda.<br /><br />Loaded was kind of boring at first but once it started to get going it really hooked me. I know the feeling of being sucked into something dangerous where you feel helpless but to do things that you do not want to do.<br /><br />Another user commented on how this movie was silly and implausible but I beg to differ. These kinds of things DO happen. I'm sorry but not everyone lives in a dream world where nothing bad can happen and crazy situations are "implausible". Really sorry but the reality of the WORLD is that they DO happen. The creator of this movie as well as the actors did a great job of portraying how things can just go bad and how people can make really bad choices. Sometimes things turn out good sometimes they turn out bad and such is life.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie.
critique1897 Ponyo written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki is a little tale that speaks of respect for the ocean respect for humans young and old and respect for cultural differences. It is a new tale of a little goldfish wishing to be a girl rather than a retelling of Disney's Little Mermaid. Miyazaki has animated by hand a whimsical magical film for the young and the young-at- heart. The film begins with a slow undulating blue-green palette of sea anemones jellyfish and scores of little fanciful goldfish with childlike faces. There isn't any need for narrative the motion of the creatures and the music of Jo Hisaiahi tell the beginning. Released last summer in Japan Ponyo won the Japanese Academy's award for Best Animation Film and Best Score (Jezebel.com). The fanciful little goldfish Brunhild leaves her ocean home on a jellyfish. Upon reaching the surface she is caught up in a fishing net full of other fish garbage and sludge. She is propelled into a jar which is rolled to shore where five-year-old Sosuke (voice by Frankie Jonas) retrieves it. He cuts his hand when breaking the jar open to free the little goldfish. Brunhild tastes his blood which heals Sosuke's cut and puts in motion her transformation to a human at the same time throwing nature out of balance. Sosuke puts the little goldfish in a green pail and names her Ponyo (Noah Cyrus) meaning soft and jelly like. Sosuke's mother Lisa (Tina Fey) lets him take Ponyo to school which is right next door to the nursing home where she works. Lisa's crazy driving down the picturesque winding road past a dry dock through the bustling fishing town and up a tree-lined road to the nursing home is representative of Miyazaki's wonderful sequence of action and illustrates perfectly a parent's hectic morning. Miyazaki has created another strong independent female character in Lisa. Making her a loving sensible modern mother both to Sosuke and Ponyo. Lisa's telephone conversation with the not-coming-home-again husband Kiochi (Matt Damon) because the ship he captains must make another run is a typical wife's reaction. Later that evening Sosuke intercedes using a signal lamp to speak to his father as the ship passes the cliff their house sits on. Lisa refuses to acknowledge Kiochi's apology and jumps up and signals "Bug-off Bug-off Bug-off" it is a hilarious scene. But when Sosuke takes the signal lamp and tells his dad "Good Luck Love You" Lisa hugs him and tells him he has a good heart it is a very poignant scene.<br /><br />My personal favorites are Miyazaki's elderly granny-type women in wheelchairs at the nursing home Yochi (Betty White) Noriko (Cloris Leachman) and Toki (Lily Tomlin). Their interchange over Sosuke's little goldfish is wonderful and reminiscent of the bickering between the Witch of the Waste (Lauren Bacall) and Sophie (Jean Simmons) as they trudge up a long flight of stairs in Howl's Moving Castle. Ponyo's magical sea-god father Fujimoto (Liam Neeson) resembling the wizard Howl arrives to take Ponyo back to her ocean home. Fujimoto uses one of his elixirs to try and put nature back in balance but magical little Ponyo escapes again upsetting more elixir in the process and causing a tsunami. Running on the backs of giant dolphins to get to Sosuke this redheaded little girl reminds the audience of the stubborn adventurous little Mei in My Neighbor Totoro. Ponyo is just as adventurous and curious as Mei. When Fujimoto realizes what Ponyo has done he calls for Gran Mamare (Kate Blanchett) the Goddess of the ocean to help with the situation. This wise calming Goddess arrives in a blue flowing garment that never ends. She has a private talk with Lisa discussing the future of the young children which helps the audience understand Sosuke and Ponyo's relationship is not that of lovers but of brother and sister. The life-goes-on quiet simple ending is typical of Miyazaki films leaving the audience full of hope.
critique1898 Anyone who does not find this movie funny does not understand simple comedy. This movie is not a complex comedy it is full of one liners and sight gags and will make anyone who wants to laugh laugh... The alien who is doing a Nicholson impression will crack you up!
critique1899 This is what I wrote to some friends earlier:<br /><br />HOLY CRAP The Grudge is honest to God one of the scariest films I've ever seen! I am either getting very soft in my old age or Sam Raimi and Ghost Pictures did a KICK A** job! (Can't wait for Boogeyman!)<br /><br />I was very scared sitting in the dark theater and wished I had someone anyone sitting next to me (except the protagonist in Grudge. I saw the movie by myself.) I swear there were many many jump scenes that were NOT expected! I felt foolish but my nerves did not care! I was on edge the entire movie from the opening credits and the music was fantastically scary. I keep thinking of that sound though and I DO NOT LIKE IT!<br /><br />I actually gasped aloud a few times and cried "oh" at one scene!! Oh yeah I even half-covered my eyes a few times! Word to the wise though: I thought some of the scenes were a little psychotic. My DH hated Event Horizon and thought whoever wrote it was sick and psycho but I don't remember the movie so can't compare.<br /><br />I can't say I "enjoyed" this movie b/c I was terrified but it was very very good and scary. The ending scene too...whoa! For being a 32-year-old-mommy I think I may have nightmares from this movie especially because of that sound. Please get out of my head ;)<br /><br />In summary this is not a slasher flick like I grew up with (Jason Freddy). This is a most-of-the-time spooky movie. Perfect for Halloween.<br /><br />Two great trailers for this movie were Boogeyman and The Ring 2!!
critique1900 Warningcontains spoilers!<br /><br />This is one of the best Italian sleaze films I've seen.<br /><br />The plot has a teenage girl who is interested of occultism and has supernatural powers.Her mother is a member of satanist group and is afraid what influences it'll have on the girl.No need to worry the girl knows just what to do and there's no returnshe belongs to Satan..<br /><br />During the film odd things happen in typical italo waythere's not too much logicbut that's only good thing.It's amazing how entertaining these films are.. On the final battle we see her and her mother fighting each other (nude off course) and doing some mysterious ritualsyou might guess who wins... The films final pictures leaves your mouth open and wandering why can't there be more films like this?<br /><br />There's superb music through the whole film and the actors are quite goodbetter than usual in these type of films.Specially Anne Heywood looks and acts good.It also has some unusual camera angles and stuff like that so it's not boring at all.My rating is 10.<br /><br />Hopefully someone releases this on dvd.
critique1901 (This review contains a huge spoiler but I don't know how to explain how cool it is without giving it away) I saw "pinoccio's Revenge" a while ago.<br /><br />Now you might think it's just a rip-off of Child's play. Indeed there are similarities.<br /><br />However Chucky was a possessed doll who works independently of the kid. It is POSSIBLE that Pinoccio is possessed with a demon or cursed or something. however the puppet itself is actually completely inanimate. The KID is insane and THE KID is the one killing people! Everyone including the audience the survivors and the Kid herself thinks it's the doll. But it's the KID.<br /><br />The nudity is almost a pity because otherwise I could tell everyone to see it because it really is an interesting horror movie.
critique1902 'The Dresser' is one of those films which are so perfect you really struggle to find something not to like about them. Written by Ronald Harwood (himself a former dresser to the legendary Donald Wolfit) it sparkles with energy and true love of life behind the footlights.<br /><br />As 'Sir' the overbearing actor and main focus of the play Albert Finney is a joy to watch - whether complaining about the lack of a storm during the 'blow winds ...' bit of 'King Lear' or chatting to his faithful stage manager Madge (Eileen Atkins good as ever) about the old times. As Norman his camp dresser Tom Courtenay gives a fabulous performance wiggling around at the beck and call of 'Lear' collecting a bottle to go at the pub or bitchily disparaging the former Fool Mr Davenport-Scott (often mentioned but never seen!).<br /><br />In an engaging support cast there's Edward Fox as Oxenby (a typical arrogant second lead) Zena Walker as her Ladyship Lockwood West as the replacement Fool and many others.<br /><br />This film has great energy bringing with it some of the greasepaint of its stage origins it is true but being so well-acted you don't notice. Very well done indeed.
critique1903 I cannot argue with other comments that the story line focuses more on the romance between the Mary Martin and Allan Jones characters much in the manner of "Showboat" than on the life of Victor Herbert. But in the 1930's would that have been a box office draw? Instead of the Life of VH perhaps it should have been the Music of VH. There is an abundance of this.<br /><br />For me the thrill of the movie came near the end of the movie when Susanna Foster sings "Land of Romance". It has been over a decade since I caught this movie for a second time at a local 'old movies' theater. At first the audience was stunned; then it burst into spontaneous applause. I remember the shivers running up and down my spine. My trivia memory recalled the information provided to an inquiring public by a local journalist when the movie first came out back in the late 1930's. 'That note hit by Miss Foster was a far F above high C.'<br /><br />She may not have had four octaves a la Yma Sumac but the then teen-ager certainly had a range!
critique1904 I saw this many years after the television series and initially I didn't care for it. Then as my memory of the series receded with the passage of time I watched again and found it absolutely hilarious. Based on the stage play by Neil Simon it has not been 'opened out' much for the big screen and that's one of its strengths. Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon are brilliant as Oscar and Felix and the supporting cast are wonderful particularly John Fielder as 'Vinnie'. Even now certain moments can reduce me to tears of laughter - Felix interrupting Oscar in the middle of a ball game with a dinner request Oscar cracking up and chasing Felix around the apartment the giggling 'Pigeon Sisters' brought low by Felix's sob stories and of course the legendary cafeteria scene ( later ripped off by Nora Ephron's 'When Harry Met Sally' ). Razor-sharp dialogue too. When the boys think Felix has taken an overdose Oscar says: "They could be vitamins! He could be the healthiest one in the room!". Fantastic!
critique1905 I just had the opportunity to see 'Nuovomondo' (hitherto known in the U.S. as 'The Golden Door') and was very impressed by both it's dreamy & occasionally surreal tale of a family that immigrates from Sicially to the U.S. in the early days of the 20th century. It also worked as a (proverbial)middle finger jammed into the eyeball of Homeland Security (preferably all the way up to the 3rd knuckle)in it's depiction of the ill treatment of foreigners who just want a better life than they were getting from their original mother land. The (mostly) Italian cast with a few exceptions works well. This is a quietunderstated film that is lovely to look at (the occasionalbut tasteful use of surrealism is always a pleasure)while the screenplay is well written. This is a film for those who are sick & tired of mindless escapism from Hollywood that serves little more than to sell popcorn (not that I have any burning issues with popcornmind you!---I actually love the stuff). You would do wise to seek out Nuovomondo/The Golden Door (or whatever it's being titled in your area).
critique1906 Everything a musical comedy should be. Gene Kelly (as Joe Brady) doesn't miss a step and Frank Sinatra (as Clarence Doolittle) doesn't miss a note. Scenes with them together are very good showing how much talent can add to a somewhat uneven plot. Sinatra's "I Fall in Love Too Easily" is an indication of his then and future best. Kelly's "Mexican Hat Dance" with a young Mexican girl is delightful. Kelly certainly earned his nomination as Best Actor. And there is a bushel of truly funny lines like: "You think the navy takes dopes?"; "You think anybody sings a sailor to sleep?"; and "We got in a little trouble we picked up a little kid." A thoroughly enjoyable movie just the thing for shaking off the dust of a recently concluded World War II.
critique1907 I thought this was an utterly charming film. The story seems to be a thinly veiled autobiography of John Waters: Pecker's greatest gift is his ability to find beauty in unexpected places. Edward Furlong does well in the lead but the best performances are by his grandmother Mink Stole (a hilarious cameo) and of all people Patty Hearst. I think the reviewers are way off base on this one. They seem to be taking Pecker's worst valuation of his work as gospel when I think the film pretty clearly states that he is indeed a promising artist.
critique1908 I watched the movie about 13 yrs ago while living in Airlie Beach Qld Australia. I had found it in the shelves of a little shop in the back that most don't bother to browse.<br /><br />To my pleasure I found it and watched it with the intention of one day owning it and being in my collection. I still do not have it but will one day.<br /><br />I like the concept with the poetry and the fantasy. The semi deserted street scenes with a busy teaming city in the far background added to the visual effect.<br /><br />I have numerous times mentioned this movie to people that enjoy this genre with nothing but praise. It has stuck in my mind and will for a long time to come.<br /><br />I fully recommend this film but only to those that are into this type.<br /><br />This comment and the one from LACA can assist you when choosing to watch this film. The comments may be negative but I found them positive if you look past the derogatory connotation.
critique1909 This movie is based mainly on the emotions and interactions of people. There are only three locations (the school the store and the coach's house) that are really used. It's primarily at the coach's house however. A movie doesn't need special effects or amazing views to be amazing in itself.<br /><br />Four friends who had bonded during their basketball days meet up. One is rich important and has no real love outside of money. One wants to be mayor again but his competition is turning him sour. One wants to be superintendent of the school and take care of his family. One is a traveling alcoholic.<br /><br />First off I love the actors in this film. They've all been household names to me. They proved their worth here.<br /><br />One of the most pivotal moments is when Tom played by Gary Sinise blows up on the coach. He yells and rants about how the coach cheated in the winning game. His blows the coach's whistle and yells back his catchphrases - "Forgive me Father for I have sinned!" It's amazing to watch with energy that just chills you.<br /><br />Highly recommended to anyone who understands human emotion and doesn't need shiny effects to interest them.
critique1910 I was a schoolboy when I watched this film for the first time. The next day I knew that all pupils of our form watched it and all were fascinated by the film as I was. I think the same situation was in all forms of our school and in the whole Soviet Union. Later I watched it every time it was shown on TV and want to watch more. I think that comparison with "Back to the Future" or other Sci-Fi films is not appropriate. "Gost'ya iz budushchego" is unique in many ways once you have watched it you never forget it.<br /><br />This film is full of belief in peaceful science achievements full of belief in the beautiful future of our world. It's not only the film but also a forecast of many scientific inventions and achievements. The time shown in the film is the year 1984 (the year of its creation) and the year 2084 (where a schoolboy Kolya Gerasimov has traveled for some time and where his friend Alisa Seleznyova was from). The year now is 2005 many inventions and achievements predicted in the film are not realized yet. Such as "Mielophone" (a device which can read thoughts of any animal and human) expeditions to Venus and Mars (as easy as going for a picnic in the weekend) creating and launching of the satellites as a homework for pupils easy to drive flying machines (which completely replaced automobiles) biorobots "historical identification" of any kind of material or creature performed in a couple of minutes and many others. Meanwhile some of them nowadays became much more realistic than they seemed in 1984! Just wait for 2084 :-)<br /><br />The film also depicts typical Russian schoolboys and schoolgirls (and does it so naturally!). With their inventiveness curiosity humour dreaminess. Look for example at Fima Korolyov you could find such character in nearly all forms of every school of the Soviet Union similar character was in my form too! Alisa Seleznyova... I myself as well as many my classmates fell in love at first sight with her! By the way later an actress who played Alisa became a scientist - I think she was as much influenced by the film as people who watched it on TV.<br /><br />Beautiful idea beautiful realization beautiful actors beautiful music beautiful song "Prekrasnoye Daleko" ("The Wonderful Far-Away")... Beautiful beautiful beautiful...<br /><br />The last thing I want to say is that different remakes and "new versions" of the song from the film and even the film itself were made later and spread on TV and in the Internet. All they are not even comparable with the original. I should not even comment them my comment is only about the original. So request the original and enjoy it!
critique1911 A best-selling book about honour killings in Jordan is withdrawn by its publishers after allegations surface that the story has been fabricated; associated with other allegations of its author's past as a con-woman. A few years later she resurfaces conceding that she took a certain amount of dramatic licence but willing to cooperate with a film-maker to prove the substance of her allegations. What follows is a fascinating insight into a pathological personality someone who's behaviour on one had makes no sense unless what she is saying is true yet who is seemingly incapable of saying anything that is not astonishingly dramatic but unproven at best and most often verifiably false. It's almost impossible to imagine what Ms. Khouri hoped to gain by appearing in this film: vindication? celebrity? - all she does achieve is to project a certain image of herself as a deeply damaged individual and even that cannot be taken at face value. Director Anna Broinowski appears increasingly on camera as her film progresses and increasingly exasperated to boot; but she is finally rewarded with a remarkable although scary and disturbing tale to tell - and one of those films that reminds us what a thoroughly weird world it is we live in.
critique1912 This is absolutely the best 80s cartoon ever maybe the best cartoon of all time. It had everything action adventure thrill and much more...<br /><br />I can't imagine how hard it was for Ruby-Spears company to make this great cartoon there has been spent a lot of money for this masterpiece of work and it was worth it for example just the beaming down scenes were hard because I wouldn't call the 1980s for a great technology year with computers like now in the world we live in so the beaming down scenes were excellent!<br /><br />The cartoons will never be the same as they were before that is why I hope that they all will be released on DVD specially The Centurions as it's my favorite. I have the whole complete set of 65 episodes on DVD-r but it's not the same because if they were released on DVD the people in the world would be able to buy it and see the DVD's in almost every store which means a lot to the fans. My good friend Ted made this petition to either get the show back on TV or better on DVD that is if we get many requests to get them back on DVD.<br /><br />So please help us by signing the petition at http://www.petitiononline.com/6600F/petition.html
critique1913 Tom the cat Jerry the mouse and Spike the Dog (here called Butch his third name his second being 'Killer') decide to sign a peace treaty to all love each other. It's weird and a bit unnatural seeing them all buddy buddy like this and their friend's seem to think so too. But by the end thanks to a disagreement over a steak everything is back to normal and all is how it should be. This short is the second one of three on the new Spotlight DVD to be edited and I have no clue why this one was. This cartoon can be found on disc one of the Spotlight collection DVD of "Tom & Jerry" <br /><br />My Grade: B
critique1914 i thought this movie was really really great because in India cinemas nowadays all you see is skin music and bad acting...in this movie you can see some tradition ethnicity and at least some decency...although some parts were a little dramatic guess what? that is what Indian cinema is all about! after watching this movie at least you don't get a headache from all the loud overrated music or any violence its just the truth it teaches about love and of course caring for the person you love throughout life...i think it was an amazing movie...Kids can watch it without a doubt and adults will enjoy the simplicity that used to be India's sure profoundness...until all these rap hits miniskirts and skin showing became a part of it.
critique1915 Human Tornado (1976) is in many ways a better film than it's predecessor. The director knew what he had to work with and catered towards Rudy Ray Moore's limitations as an actor. It's a fun movie that's more technically sound and acted. The performers don't take themselves too seriously and it seems that this time around everyone is on the joke and goes with the flow. Rudy Ray Moore seems more relaxed in front of the camera and not as stiff like he was in Dolemite.<br /><br />I enjoyed the film very much and I highly recommend it. Just like his first film it's catered towards a certain audience (I highly doubt that Mr. Moore was trying to broaden his audience at this point in his career). Check it out!<br /><br />Highjly recommended.
critique1916 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1917 In her first nonaquatic role Esther Williams plays a school teacher who's the victim of sexual assault. She gives a fine performance proving she could be highly effective out of the swimming pool. As the detective out to solve the case George Nader gives perhaps his finest performance. And he is so handsome it hurts! John Saxon is the student under suspicion and although he gets impressive billing in the credits it's Edward Andrews as his overly-protective father who is the standout.<br /><br />Bathed in glorious Technicolor The Unguarded Moment is irresistible hokum and at times compelling drama.
critique1918 The always delightful Kevin Spacey makes us once again question certain truths in our lives. After driving us into believing he is a mumbling small time crook (only to expose the true power of cinematic deception) in the classic The Usual Suspect; this time around he leads us into believing he is Prot a likable alien who assumes a human form whilst strolling around the Earth.<br /><br />Prot is a peculiar stranger who has seemingly appeared out of nowhere only to be hospitalized in the Manhattan Psychiatric Institution. Dr. Mark Powell (Jeff Bridges) soon takes extreme interest in him and even finds himself pondering if Prot is actually a supreme being from planet K-PAX or perhaps he is only a forgotten human being with severe psychiatric issues. While the ending can be seen and discussed in many ways it remains a complex enlightening journey which leaves a gr eat deal of intriguing/philosophical questions behind it.
critique1919 This is an early film "Pilot" for the hit Canadian tv show Trailer Park Boys. It was played to executives at a few networks before Showcase decided to sign them up for a tv series. Great acting and a very funny cast make this one of the best cult comedy films. The movie plot is that these two small time criminals go around "exterminating" peoples pets for money. If you have a dog next door whos barking all night these are the guys you go to! But they get into trouble when they come across a job too big for them to deal with and end up in a shootout. Watch this movie if you want to understand the beginning of the tv series. I highly recommend it!<br /><br />Rated R for swearing violence and drug use.<br /><br />Its not too offensive either (they dont actually show killing animals)
critique1920 I believe there are two angles to the story first it's the world satyric view presented in an obvious Kafkaesque manner underlining the sordid spectacle behind some of life's most common but also pleasant or comfortable moments and elements which are usually enough to keep man functioning in society. Like: a good job a good home a good wife a good car and even a good mistress. Apart from this so called common bliss there are some who cannot help asking themselves some more uncomfortable questions like where they come from or weather they can have some other form of bliss weather there could be a reason for them being or weather there could be something they missed out on or even more sinister weather there could be something the system itself is withholding from them.<br /><br />Second the most interesting aspect of this film I believe is the fact that it attacks head-on this natural compulsion to dissect the world around us questioning it by our personal judgment and usually condemning it because it doesn't serve us better because it's not tailor-made to suit us as a person. <br /><br />The symbolism behind the train-accident I believe suggests that our own will can be overpowered by fate or some other universal greater power even in the face of our so called power to decide when we want out. Instead the man gets to be dismissed by this greater power(let's call it THE SYSTEM because the authors clearly avoid calling it GOD perhaps further underlining that the SYSTEM is MAN - made and therefore can be mastered by man unlike FATE which is a concept closer to religion) on it's own terms not by killing him but by showing him that there is a place for the man who asks/wants too much suggesting maybe that true fulfillment does not come from the outside world but from within and if the outside world "decides" to provide you with some comfort you should learn to accept it without questioning the fabric of every little aspect of it. <br /><br />Unconfortable but makes you reevaluate some existential questions which have become mainstream in the last century like what can man do in a world increasingly drained of substance a consumer-driven world in which man can be interchanged without making a difference to the bigger picture but only as long as he is of some use to the system.
critique1921 One of the best western movies ever made. Unfortunately it never got the recognition it deserved. The storyline the action and the music was in my mind one of the best. I give it a double A+. Randolph Scott gave a terrific performance along with the other members of the cast. The ending was one of the best of any western made.
critique1922 I'm sick and tired of people complaining that Never Say Never Again is just a weak remake of Thunderball. Yes that movie's influence is unmistakable but the tremendous and almost universal inferiority of re-made films is reserved for such thoughtless and unintelligent films like the 1998 re-make of Psycho. While it's true that the opening theme of the twelfth (and Connery's last) Bond film is one of the worst of the entire series the film itself still manages to stand on its own despite many other weaknesses. Besides that even the weak title song is made to blend pretty nicely with the closing dialogue in the film.<br /><br />Sure Sean Connery was getting a little on in age when this movie was filmed (at least by James Bond standards) but there is plenty of evidence in the narrative that makes it clear that this was not exactly unknown to the filmmakers. James Bond is near retirement before he is handed his assignment having spent most of recent time teaching not doing and there is even the tongue in cheek insistence from M that he pay more attention to his health dieting and training and getting more exercise and whatnot. Besides this is James Bond remember? This guy is supposed to be some kind of super human and all of his fans are getting all upset because he's got some gray hairs. When this guy retires at the end of the film M sends poor `Small-Fawcett' (in a hilarious cameo from Rowan Atkinson) to tell Bond that without him he worries about the safety of the free world and all of you people can't get over the fact that he's not a sprightly young man anymore. Come on Sean Connery could STILL play James Bond just as good as he ever could or at least better than anyone else ever has been able to.<br /><br />The majority of the film deals with the elaborate plan to steal nuclear missiles and hold the world hostage (as Dr. Evil would say `Oh hell let's just do what we always doÃ‚Â…') so there's clearly not much new there but this is one of the Bond films that had the better one liners. There's the amusing scene where Bond is asked for a urine sample Ã‚Â– `If you could just fill this beaker for meÃ‚Â…' `From here?' There are a lot of good one-liners but the sexual innuendos aimed at Mr. Bond are especially prevalent in this installment. But then later he happens to throw that very urine sample into a villain's face making him scream as if his face were burning off. Not a very good attempt at comic relief especially since this guy had been kicking Bond's ass with some sort of super-spring device that could cut through pretty much anything. And of course Kim Basinger stars in this film as one of the best Bond girls of the entire series.<br /><br />It's no secret that Never Say Never Again has dated badly and one of the things that has dated the worst is the special effects Ã‚Â– with the one exception of the flying missiles which were obviously fake but still impressive for 1982. The colored contact lens at the beginning of the film was totally without effect and the laser watch was one of the worst things in the entire movie second only to those damn sharks. Evidently Fatima Blush put some sort of device on his scuba tank that attracted sharks (granted they did have weird guiding mechanisms of their own) in a scene that more than likely inspired the classic line `I have one simple request. And that is to have sharks with FRICKIN' laser beams attached to their heads!' And then of course there is the exploding hotel room scene which was redone in an episode of The Simpsons and which was obviously followed by another obligatory and overly casual one-liner from James.<br /><br />The domination video game created by Largo the film's villain is an especially memorable scene and the film also boasts what is probably the best motorcycle chase in the entire series (far to superior to the laughable one in Tomorrow Never Dies). But despite many strengths the film's weaknesses are left clearer in the audience's mind at the end of the film due in large part to the anticlimactic underwater conclusion (one of the more obvious parts borrowed from Thunderball and inferiorly recreated). Never mind the fact that Largo revealed some crucial information to Bond as he left him in the tower alive (Dr. Evil's brilliance once again `I'll just leave him there without actually witnessing his death and just assume everything went to plan. What?') the climax of what is expected to be a fast-paced action film should never take place in a muted underwater atmosphere. <br /><br />All in all Never Say Never Again ranks very highly on the James Bond scale and Connery's wink at the end of the film (as well as the two closing lines) suggested at the time that he may still return for another turn as Bond. Clearly this is no longer very likely so we can only hope.
critique1923 Victor Sjostrom's silent film masterpiece The Phantom Carriage has recently been released on DVD with a new soundtrack recorded by KTL. The duo comprising American guitarist Stephen O'Malley and Austrian laptop artist Peter Rehberg has conjured an extraordinary collection of sounds to accompany and accentuate the original film footage from 1921. An ominous banging sound introduces each Act and a medley of drones guitar chords and feedback ebbs and flows as the grim drama unfolds.<br /><br />As impressive as the new soundtrack is the film remains the real star with its timeless rendering of a dark and dystopian fairy tale. According to this tale the last person to die before the stroke of midnight on New Year's Eve is condemned to spend a year behind the reins of the eponymous phantom carriage collecting the souls of the dead. This is the fate of the anti-hero of the film David Holm who is moved to painful scrutiny of his life following his untimely death and subsequent encounter with the driver of the carriage.<br /><br />This film is often referred to as a horror film and although this is a fitting label the real horror here resides not in the supernatural elements but rather in the depiction of human suffering at the hands of others. Sjostrom gives a remarkable performance as the drunken spiteful and menacing Holm in life and the wretched frightened Holm looking back from the land of the dead and shrinking from his past deeds.<br /><br />Striking imagery abounds throughout The Phantom Carriage and more than compensates for the inevitably limited dialogue. The ill-omened onset of midnight is powerfully illustrated through the image of a clock-face hovering alone in the darkening night sky like a second moon. Equally impressively the dead are depicted through pioneering semi-transparent imagery and the scenes of the phantom carriage riding over land and sea remain chilling to watch.<br /><br />Sjostrom's film deserves its place as one of the most esteemed silent films of all time and the new soundtrack by KTL is a superb accentuation of its themes. This is a must-see.
critique1924 Guest from the Future tells a fascinating story of time travel friendship battle of good and evil -- all with a small budget child actors and few special effects. Something for Spielberg and Lucas to learn from. ;) A sixth-grader Kolya "Nick" Gerasimov finds a time machine in the basement of a decrepit building and travels 100 years into the future. He discovers a near-perfect utopian society where robots play guitars and write poetry everyone is kind to each other and people enjoy everything technology has to offer. Alice is the daughter of a prominent scientist who invented a device called Mielophone that allows to read minds of humans and animals. The device can be put to both good and bad use depending on whose hands it falls into. When two evil space pirates from Saturn who want to rule the universe attempt to steal Mielophone it falls into the hands of 20th century school boy Nick. With the pirates hot on his tracks he travels back to his time followed by the pirates and Alice. Chaos confusion and funny situations follow as the luckless pirates try to blend in with the earthlings. Alice enrolls in the same school Nick goes to and demonstrates superhuman abilities in PE class. The catch is Alice doesn't know what Nick looks like while the pirates do. Also the pirates are able to change their appearance and turn literally into anyone. (Hmm I wonder if this is where James Cameron got the idea for Terminator...) Who gets to Nick -- and Mielophone -- first? Excellent plot non-stop adventures and great soundtrack. I wish Hollywood made kid movies like this one...
critique1925 Whether you're a fan of the series which inspired it or not there's no denying this is a patchy piece of work. But in the best possible sense. Keen to get away from the trappings of old sitcoms which made an uneasy transition to the big screen Messrs Pemberton Dyson Shearmsith and Gatiss have gone down a different road addressing the problems of dealing with their success along with adding other creations and inevitably rehashing some of their best-loved characters. It's a pity they didn't stick to just a more consistent League of Gents movie because as inventive as including themselves in the screenplay is it weakens the finished movie. Well worth renting though.
critique1926 From the perspective of the hectic contemporary world in which we live the so called `good old days' always seem so much more serene and innocent; an idyllic era gone by of which we have only memories and shadows that linger on the silver screen as with `Christmas In Connecticut' a warm and endearing film directed by Peter Godfrey. Barbara Stanwyck stars as Elizabeth Lane a popular `Martha Stewart' type magazine columnist who writes about life on her beloved farm in Connecticut always with the latest recipe at the center of the story. One of her biggest fans is Alexander Yardley played by Sidney Greenstreet the publisher of the magazine for which she writes. Yardley has never visited her farm and in response to an idea expressed to him in a letter from a nurse Mary (Joyce Compton) he decides to spend an old fashioned Christmas with Elizabeth her husband and child and as a special guest a certain Mr. Jefferson Jones (Dennis Morgan) a sailor just recovered from spending fifteen days at sea on a raft after his ship was torpedoed. Elizabeth of course cannot refuse her boss but there are problems; not the least of which is the fact that she has no farm and writes her column from the comfort of a high-rise in the city. It makes for a precarious situation for her as well as her editor Dudley Beecham (Robert Shayne) as the one thing Mr. Yardley demands from his employees is total honesty. What follows is a charming and delightfully romantic comedy that transports the audience back to a seemingly more simple time and place to share a Christmas Past where a warm hearth good food and kindness prevail.<br /><br />Barbara Stanwyck absolutely sparkles as Elizabeth with a smile and presence warmer than anything the grandest hearth could provide and totally convincing as a city girl entirely out of her element on the farm. Morgan also fares well as the somewhat naive sailor whose trust in his fellow man is admirable. Even with the deceptions being played out around him he's the kind of guy you know will somehow land on his feet and in the end it's Elizabeth you really feel for. One of the true delights of this film however is Sidney Greenstreet. His Yardley has a gruff exterior but beneath you know without a doubt that this is a man with a heart as big as Texas. It's a straightforward honest portrayal and it's a joy to watch him work; the most memorable scenes in the movie belong to him.<br /><br />The supporting cast includes Reginald Gardiner (John Sloan) the terrific Una O'Connor (Norah) Frank Jenks (Sinkewicz) and Dick Elliott (Judge Crothers). A feel-good movie that plays especially well during the Christmas Season (though it would work any time of the year) `Christmas In Connecticut' is a memorable film that never takes itself too seriously is thoroughly uplifting and will leave you with a warm spot in your heart and a sense of peace that makes the world seem like a good place to be. It's a true classic and one you do not want to miss. I rate this one 10/10.<br /><br />
critique1927 What do you get when you have a tenacious seasoned French police inspector by the name of Maurice Martineau is called to solve a murder case? Well simply a very entertaining fun film. The re-mastered black-and-white film "Quai des Orfevres" delivers the goods despite romance jealousy and marriage that seem to just get in the way towards the truth of 'who done it?'<br /><br />Inch by inch technique by technique as seasoned by experience and intuition the patience of this master Inspector etches into the truth -- but of course with the help of a bag full of dirty police interrogation tricks.<br /><br />Martineau is the centerpiece of this film. The use by director Henri-Georges Clouzot of raucous background music to intensify the drama in grand film noir style is a wonderful wrapper around the visual experience.<br /><br />Martineau eventually solves the mystery and arrests the culprit. Hey he is good!! But alas Martineau too can keep a dark secret in his past. Who is that boy that is perhaps not his son?<br /><br />Some things can never get solved -- even beyond the closing credits.
critique1928 This movie is without a doubt a perfect 10/10.. for all you people out there who are rating this film low grades because it has no "good plot" or anything like that thats ridiculous saying that a Jackie Chan movie is bad because of its plot is like saying a porn movie is bad because it has no plot! you watch Jackie Chan FOR THE FIGHT SCENES for the action its not so much concentrated on a good story or anything like that if you look at how he makes movies and compare it to other American films from that era and even later you will realize that Jackie Chan's movies had over the top fights scenes and not really good plots while American movies had good plots but shitty action scenes compared to what Jackie Chan was doing at the time. Porn is watched for the porn Jackie Chan is watched for the ACTION i think you people are rating it bad because there's no plot because you think thats how a smart movie critic would rate a good movie but the way i see it is a good movie is a movie that can keep me entertained. Sure the middle of the movie was boring VERY BORING but put it this way the rest which is all action scenes and stunts very much do pay for all of that. This did change the way how American action movies were created they have even stollen scenes from this movie. If you want a true man a true entertainer then watch this movie and many more of Jackie Chan's hes pure in everyway. He literally makes American movies look like a walk in the park and even in TODAYS movies. American movies rely so much on special effects and safety wires and stunt doubles and so much more. Police Story and many other Jackie Chan films are pieces of work of a true entertainer who just goes all out and is very talented in what he can do. a masterpiece
critique1929 I've seen this movie at theater when it first came out some years ago and really liked it a lot. But i still wanted to see it again this year to check if it is still good compared to movies coming out now and i wan tell it's one the best movies i've ever seen in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!! <br /><br />What you need to know is that you don't have to miss any minute of this movie if you don't completely follow the action you will get lost and you will not understand the end. <br /><br />The end is what makes this movie so good you can't expect it.<br /><br />Congratulations to the Producer !
critique1930 Cooley High is one of my favorite movies EVER!!! I think I saw this movie years ago on late night TV with my mother when I was little and I thought it was so funny. This movie was also referred to as a "black American Graffiti". Glynn Turman is wonderful as Preach and Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs is great as Preach's friend Cochise. There are some other great characters in it as well and this movie has a lot of humor packed into it. From the beginning of the movie where Cochise goes to Preach's home to get ready for school to the sad ending of Cochise's funeral this movie is one that will get you laughing all the way. There are a lot of scenes in this film that I like a lot. The scene where Pooter (another one of Preach and Cochise's friends) go to the zoo with them and gets the gorilla's feces thrown on his shirt (very gross but funny as well) the first scene in the street corner cafeteria the quarter party at this girl's house which became a disaster due to a fight and some others are wonderful to watch. This movie even has a wonderful companion soundtrack album which is packed with a lot of wonderful Motown hits and artists from the early 60s (only 6 songs on the soundtrack were done in '75 while the rest were from the '60s). The movie is mainly about two friends who dream about getting away from their impoverished and rough neighborhood after high school but their futures seem almost out of reach due to their innocent joy ride in a stolen car that two other hoods were responsible for and Preach's relationship with his girlfriend Brenda (played by Cynthia Davis) almost gets put in jeopardy. Go out and rent or buy this movie and be ready for a load of comical entertainment!!! Get the soundtrack too. It is a lot of fun as well!!!
critique1931 <br /><br />Superb film with no actual spoken dialogue which enhances the level of suspense. The whole approach gives a completely different twist to a war film.<br /><br />Well worth watching again if only it could be found. I saw it perhaps 20 or so years ago. - Fantastic!
critique1932 This is a great horror film for people who don't want all that vomit-retching gore and sensationalism. This movie has equal amounts of horror suspense humor and even a little light nudity but nothing big. Linnea Quigley isn't over the top as she was in "Return of the Living Dead" where she danced naked on a crypt but she is still essentially the same slutty character. Cathy Podewell is a virginal and chaste character before going on to "Dallas" and we are also introduced to Amelia soon Mimi Kinkadethe sexy and sinister would-be dark matron of the house. As she and Linnea are possessed and take over the house they reanimate the bodies of their dead friends to scare the limits out of the survivors. I've heard a lot of people compare this movie to "The Evil Dead" but if anything this movie is a rival to that one the same way Freddie rivaled Jason.This movie series though is far superior to that one !
critique1933 I remember watching this as a child as part of the Children;s Film Foundations Friday Film Specials on CBBC and have recently happened upon a copy.<br /><br />In the twenty or so years since my last viewing this film has lost nothing.<br /><br />It is an atmospheric tale which entices with Cornish folklore and adds elements of truly creepy imagery of the ghost of the young miner Billy.<br /><br />Shot in the wonderfully scenic Port Loe area of Cornwall the film utilises the mixture of rugged coastline and abandoned tin mines to make the setting truly believable.<br /><br />There is much packed into this CFF drama something long since lost from Children's television today and well worth a look if you can track down a copy.
critique1934 With part reconstruction and part direct shooting the directors made a formidably limpid documentary on a coup d'ÃƒÂ©tat against President Chavez in Venezuela organized by a foreign secret service and fully supported by the wealthy Venezuelan minority the political opposition the Church (a cynical laughing cardinal) and the US government. It was another chapter in the history of US foreign policy which Steven Kinzer calls 'Overthrow' or 'sowing democracy American style'. In fact this foreign backed intervention was not only a coup d'ÃƒÂ©tat against President Chavez but also against the democratic majority which elected him. <br /><br />That this is a brilliant documentary is mightily confirmed by the violent reactions for and against it on Internet. As Saint Augustine said: 'Men love truth when it bathes them in its light; they hate it when it proves them wrong.'<br /><br />This movie is a must see for all those who want to understand the world we live in.
critique1935 When it was announced the "King of Pop" was dead at age 50 a month before he was to start a series of live comeback shows at London's O2 Arena it was a huge shock to millions of people around the world. He was and will forever be one of the most talented voices and dancers in the music industry and he will be missed terribly. I decided to remind myself how wonderful he was by watching what is considered by many to be not only Jackson's best video (and possibly song) but the greatest music video ever made from director John Landis (An American Werewolf in London). The film opens with Michael and his Girl (Ola Ray) having their car breakdown and after giving her a ring the moon comes out and he turns into a werewolf. We then see Michael and his Girl watching this horror film in the cinema she is scared and walks out and Michael soon follows her singing the iconic song. Soon enough the voice of Vincent Price comes on and zombies start crawling out the earth and open coffins from the graveyard and Michael and the Girl are obviously surrounded. She turns away and Michael has become a zombie himself and with all the other creatures they do the iconic dance before he turns back into his normal self at least for the chorus. The Girl runs into the near creepy house blocks the doorway but zombie Michael still manages to break through and when he touches her she screams to see normal Michael say "what's the problem?" The film ends with him taking her home and looking at us with evil eyes. Michael Jackson was number 14 on The 100 Greatest Pop Culture Icons and he was number 6 on The Ultimate Pop Star the Thriller album was number 4 on The 100 Greatest Albums and this video was number 71 on The 100 Greatest Scary Moments and it was number 1 on The 100 Greatest Pop Videos. Very good!
critique1936 Can Scarcely Imagine a Better Movie Than This<br /><br />Hey before you all go "Chick Flick" on me. I am a very Large Strong & Masculine Macho Man who happens to think this was one of the better movies of the last 20 years. <br /><br />The acting was Superb and the Story was Marvelous. This is wonderful medicine for the heart and soul. The Acting could not have been better nor the movie better cast. <br /><br />I have known for a Good while that Mercedes Ruehl along with Holly Hunter Joan Plowright Dame Edith Evans Sissy Spacek Judi Dench is among the greatest actresses ever to appear on film. And of course Cloris Leachman (also in this film) in my view may in fact exceed them all in the shear magnum of her talent and varied roles she has appeared in over the years.. At any rate this was an Amazing cast. This film was like a book that you cannot lay down and when you have reached the last page wish for more...still more. I cannot for the life of me understand why this film here on the IMDb only rates a 3.9<br /><br />That rating here is utterly Amazing to me. Or perhaps not. Perhaps in fact I do understand it ever so well and that is what makes me really sad. It makes me ever so sad that films like "American Beauty" "Leaving Las Vegas" "Sexy Beast" and "Fight Club" ratings skyrocket off the charts in popularity when they in fact at least in this viewers opinion should have received an "R" rating...R that is for "Rubbish". Hey o.k. I realize there are a lot of different stories in this world for a lot of different audiences but it is a sad commentary when this lovely powerful...extraordinarily Directed Acted and written film seems to be over looked. <br /><br />It obviously was at the Academy Awards as well....How Sad. And How predictable. My summation is that if you want to see a powerful Happy Sad beautiful story? watch ......preferably own this film...
critique1937 What is contained on this disk is a first rate show by a first rate band. This disc is NOT for the faint of heart...the music is incredibly intense and VERY cool. What you will learn when you watch this movie is just why the Who was so huge for so long. It is true that their records were great but their shows were the top of the heap. In 1969 when this concert was shot the screaming teenie boppers that threw jelly beans at the Beatles were gone and bands (and audiences) had settled down to long and often amazing displays of musical virtuosity--something that few audiences have the intellectual curiosity to pursue in the age of canned music by Britney and Christina. What you especially learn here are the amazing things that can happen when gifted musicians are encouraged to improvise. Try the concert out it really is amazing.
critique1938 This movie had it allactioncomedyheroicsand best of all some of the finest actors.Gunga Din will remain a classic to be enjoyed by all who like good movies.Excellent picturei have it in my collection.
critique1939 I was really stunned how much a film that's over 60 years old could impress me. It is nearly two hours long there are absolutely no stars in it there are subtitles but nevertheless it is interesting and exciting to watch. What impressed me mostly was the realism of the film. You could nearly feel the coldness of the ice because you could see that the storms are real. This is a relief in a CGI-world like ourdays. I wondered how much work this must have been for van Dyke. I read somewhere that it took 17 months to film it. Now who wants to talk about 'Titanic' anymore? It's a great film with a great message and I would recommend it to future directors to see how great and realistic movies can be if they are only directed with realism instead of visual effects.
critique1940 In terms of visual beauty this movie is outstanding! I had no idea that Technicolor came out so early. Although I didn't like the ending the entire movie is fantastic and makes me wish that I was in North Africa. The cast is excellent and Marlene Dietrich is a big plus and of course she is so alluring and I just loved her in this flick. Basil Rathbone is also perfect in this movie. I couldn't get over the scenery and the sets... The hotel the palm trees the desert it's all there... the legionnaires also bring a "Beau Geste" feeling to the film. They certainly don't make movies like these anymore. Don't fail to watch this classic!
critique1941 I haven't seen so many people packed outside a theater since Star Wars Episode III. Both shows sold out and for good reason. The Man With the Screaming Brain was the best movie to see with a crowd full of geeks. (Hey I'm a dork too.) <br /><br />Bruce Campbell was present and had the whole crowd in stitches! The movie was cheesy in the best possible way. It may be the funniest movie that Bruce has done. Ted Raimi steals the show with his Bulgarian hip hop-itude and zany facial expressions he is a laugh riot! Who knew that Ted could rap? <br /><br />I changed my mind the person who stole the show was actually a robot. There is nothing funnier than a robot...doing the robot.<br /><br />As for Bruce's performance: "I take the 5th." Thanks Bruce. Thanks for being cool thanks for taking the time thanks for all of the fun.
critique1942 WARNING: SPOILERSPOILERSPOILER!!!!<br /><br />This is written for filmgoers who may have walked away from "Mood for Love" perplexed and confused about paths the main characters choose in life. From reading other comments and reviews it seems that many viewers and critics missed some very important details which may have prevented them from enjoying this delightful tease of a movie.<br /><br />We are so use to seeing blatant SEX in narrations that we forget that there was a time when filmakers would suggest the "dirty deed" by simply showing the slack-mouthed couples ride off in a sleigh or haywagon only to return into the next scene with a bulging gut or a fat toddler stuck to the hip..."Meet your child".<br /><br />The director chose the same nostalgic approach in telling the story of Mr Chow and Mrs Chan. Last warning...SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER<br /><br />Mr Chow fools Mrs Chan into showing her real emotions when they rehearse his departure forever. Next scene: Mrs Chan leans her head on Mr Chow in the taxi and says "I do not want to go home tonight". Translation: "Let's Do It"<br /><br />Why then did the couple just not do the modern thing of dumping their cheating spousesget a divorceraise their love child and live happily ever after? The answer is that this whole story takes place in Hong Kong during the Sixties. A bastard would live in a bleak life of shame if he were the child of an adulteress;whereasa "legitimate" child could live a tragic but noble/honest life if his mother chose to raise him away from his cheating "father"-the invisible Mr Chan. In shortMr Chow and Mrs Chan sacrifices their relationship for the future of their child.<br /><br />That is why Mr Chowupon learning that Mrs Chan lives alone with a little boy gives a knowing smile and ends his dreams of making Mrs Chan his Mrs Chow. He thenalso realizes why Mrs Chan went to all the way to Singapore to be with himonly to reconsiders at the last momment and leave..choosing to never see him again.(But not before taking some unnamed keepsake) Mr Chow lives with this wonderful secret with no one to tell. No oneexcept for a crumbling temple wall and of course we the viewer...but only if we listen carefuly.
critique1943 A woman Mujar (Marta Belengur) enters a restaurant one morning at &:35 unaware that a terrorist has kidnapped the people in said restaurant & is making them act out a musical number in this strange yet fascinating short film which I only saw by finding it on the DVD of the director/writer's equally fascinating "Timecrimes". It had a fairly catchy song & it somehow brought a smile to my face despite the somber overall plot to the short. I'm glad that I stumbled across it (wasn't aware it would be an extra when I rented the DVD) and wouldn't hesitate at all to recommend it to all of my friends.<br /><br />My Grade: A-
critique1944 This was very energetic and well played show. I saw it back in 98 and my friends and i still joke about it. Each time I watch it's always as funny as the first. I also love the way that everyone can relate to it in their own particular ways. I am very much looking forward to seeing more of John's own scripts and productions. <br /><br />Unfortunately I can't find it anywhere for sale and I've done quite a lot of looking. If anyone knows a website or store to refer me to I would very much appreciate it as I am looking for his other live performances as well. Please send me a message if any of you have info on the subject. Thankyou.
critique1945 gone with the wind and scarlett are two different films they were never meant to be compared obviously the original actors in gwtw are all passed away and deserved their own separate award and praise i loved gwtw and never really expected a sequel to be made or ever live up to half the praise of gwtw but to my shock scarlett was just as well written directed and acted as gwtw scarlett in its own right deserves just as much award i now can honestly say i don't know which i like better i think the script for scarlett was a- number 1 perfect' as a sequel. Bravo! writer director producer and all actors Bravo! AS sequels rarely live up to their name sake this one runs equal to its predecessor. To those who don't like it you miss the point and a great ending to phenomenal beginning
critique1946 -A very pretty red headed woman waiting for her plane meets a charming young man that she connects with. As the two get on their flight and sit next to each other the young man Jack becomes deadly as he threatens Lisa to either change the room that a politician and his wife will be staying in or else have her father die. See now that's what you happens when you fly coach stuff like that never happens in first class.<br /><br />-Other than having a conflict that takes place on a flight the other thing that this movie shares with "Flightplan" is the sheer unbelievability *if that's a word* of the story. The point of the whole is to get the main character to change a politician's room so he can be assassinated which is a pretty plausible plan but won't it have being easier for Jack to just find someone that was computer savvy and have them hack into the hotel's system? Teenagers today can damn near do anything with computers so I'm pretty sure it would have been easier for him to simply get someone to change it using a computer instead of going through the trouble of spying on Lisa and getting her into the predicament that she lands on in the movie.<br /><br />-Plus one thing that struck me as odd was how no one on the plan heard a single thing they were talking about. This is a very small plane were talking about here and since their voices were raised occasionally it seems to me like the other passengers should have heard something. But I'm 100% sure that I'm reading way too much into it. The movie is meant to be as realistic as an episode of "24" so one can't be perplexed by such complexities. For all my complaints though this is still a very fun movie that gets the job done. It's not exactly the type that requires to shut of your brain but at the same time it doesn't require great intelligence to fully enjoy.<br /><br />-I'd love to sit here in my comfy chair and rave about the brilliant acting in the movie but really I can't. I love Rachel McAdams I love Cillian Murphy and I like Brian Cox but they don't really stretch their acting muscles here. It's not really much of a problem since this isn't the movie that studios hope to win multiple awards and the acting isn't the least bit horrible just not great. Wes Craven isn't exactly the first that comes to mind when you think of a movie like this but he does a very nice job considering the time they had to film the movie and the lack of depth to the script. It was definitely a huge improvement over the disappointing "Cursed" and as much as I liked him doing something different with this movie I still would love for him to go back to doing what he did in the past which is great horror movies that is talked about decades after it's release.<br /><br />-One nice thing about the movie which I really appreciated was just how short the movie was. It is great to sit and watch a nice three hour or so movie once in a while but nowadays it's like every movie that comes out feels too long where as this movie just felt like the right length. Not too long and too short. They don't waste time by trying to develop the characters too much because they know this isn't the movie for that and by doing so they made a very nice short movie. Being a huge film music geek I have to say that the best part of the movie is the ultra cool score by Marco Beltrami. It's really nice to see Beltrami go from writing the predictable stuff to the great music he's doing now. I really the cool techno/orchestral stuff he does for the main titles. Too bad that I can't find the soundtrack anywhere would have really loved to listen to the titles anytime I wanted instead of having to pop in the DVD when I want to hear it.<br /><br />-Overall It's nice for what it is and whiles it's far from great cinema should still provide for some small entertaining hour and a half
critique1947 The Three Stooges has always been some of the many actors that I have loved. I love just about every one of the shorts that they have made. I love all six of the Stooges (Curly Shemp Moe Larry Joe and Curly Joe)! All of the shorts are hilarious and also star many other great actors and actresses which a lot of them was in many of the shorts! In My opinion The Three Stooges is some of the greatest actors ever and is the all time funniest comedy team! <br /><br />One of the most hilarious Three Stooges shorts is Men in Black. In this short are Bud Jamison Jeanie Roberts Phyllis Crane Dell Henderson 'Little Billy' Rhodes Billy Gilbert and Ruth Hiatt The acting by these actors are good especially by Jamison and Roberts. There are many funny scenes here that I think most Three Stooges fans will love! In My opinion this one of the most different Three Stooges shorts. I recommend this one to all!
critique1948 This is not a profound movie; most of the plot aspects are pretty predictable and "tried and true" but it was well-acted and made some interesting points about what we might regret (our "mistakes" as the movie calls them) as we look back over our lives. I had not read the book so didn't know much other than it was the story of a dying woman who has strong memories from long ago that she hasn't really shared with anyone. Thankfully they got a top-notch cast....Meryl<br /><br />Streep's daughter Mamie Gummer plays the young Lila and then Meryl shows up at the end of the film as the old Lila...in addition to an amazing resemblance (duh!) the younger actress did a great job (perhaps not quite up to her mom's caliber but who is?) All others in this film were fine although I wish there had been more of Glen Close and thought the Buddy character was alittle too dramatic. <br /><br />This is more of a girls' movie than for the guys but a good one to see with your mom or your daughter and maybe start some dialog going. How hard it is to really know a parent as a "person"!
critique1949 I've seen this movie when I was traveling in Brazil. I found it difficult to really understand Brazilian culture and society because it has so many regional and class differences. To see this movie in Sao Paulo itself was a revelation. It shows something of the everyday life of many Brazilians. On the other side it is sometimes a little bit over-dramatized. And that's the only negative comment I have on this film. It's sometimes too much too much sex too many murders and too much cynicism for one film. The director could film some things a bit more subtle it would make the film more effective.<br /><br />Despite this I liked the movie and the way the story unravels itself. The characters are complex and very much like real-life people. Not pretty American actors and actresses with a lot of cosmetics but people who could be ugly and beautiful at the same time. That makes the film realistic even when the story is not that convincing.
critique1950 This is by far the funniest sitcom that has ever aired on TV. I own all 9 seasons on DVD and literally could watch them over and over. Anyone who does not find this show hilarious heartwarming entertaining and laugh out loud hysterical is crazy! Kevin James is absolutely one of the most talented comedians out there. My boyfriend and I love going to stand up comedy shows in Boston (where we live) and have seen Kevin James twice and his brother Gary Valentine (Danny) once. They are both so unbelievably talented and just plan smart with their work. There are so many comedians out there that are just awful and Kevin and Gary really show the true side of real comedy. Leah Remini although a snob and bitch in real life (so I have read) is an amazing actress and deserves more credit than any other woman in sitcoms. She truly makes the show...along with Jerry Stiller! This show is a must see and you will get addicted within one to two episodes!
critique1951 Running out of films to rent I picked up Freebird. I struggled through the first third of the movie wondering if the rest would be a waste to see. Fortunately it really warmed up and I loved the movie quite a bit. The second half of the movie had me grinning and laughing the entire time. Thankfully although there were bits of CGI included they were not overdone or prevalent.<br /><br />I would have to say though - the actors all have heavy European accents so be warned if you have trouble understanding those voices or their cultural humor.<br /><br />I really loved this movie and will have to order myself a copy for my own collection.
critique1952 Saturday Afternoon is one of Harry Langdon's best-known short subjects and with good reason. It is one of his funniest and best films. The plot -- such as it is -- is an old staple: a hen-pecked husband sneaks away for a night out with a his pal and a couple of other girls. It's a solid and well-used comedy plot but the difference here is Harry Langdon himself. His slow ineffectual befuddled innocent character has somehow floundered his way into a marriage with a woman who feels that he of all people must be ruled with an iron fist and he is only thrust into cheating on her because he can't say "no" to the exhortations of the chummy Vernon Dent and the cute eyelash-fluttering of the girl. <br /><br />It's a very adult problem to be thrust onto such a helpless childlike character. Harry doesn't want to cheat but he can't do anything about it. In a wonderful bit of comic business he can't bring himself to blow the new girlfriend kiss goodbye: he slyly pushes the kiss at her underhand and ashamedly wipes off his hand as if to chastise it. The film is a three-reel comedy ten minutes longer than the two-reelers Harry Langdon had previously been starring in for Mack Sennett with no more plot. Perhaps it was even designed to be a two-reeler. This works beautifully since it gives him as much time as he needs to inject the slow reactions and bewildered glimpses and half-actions where so much of his comedy lives. <br /><br />He's at his best here and the show is really Harry Langdon's curious magic and ability to spin comedy out of almost nothing. His little half- smiles his look while handling the money he has hidden under the rug childlike attempts to enter the fight at the end. I think his comedy makes us recognize something fundamentally innocent and confused in ourselves that makes us feel like the whole world is too much for us yet at the same time by allowing us to understand what Harry does not (such as the fact that the women he good-heartedly brings to his friend to cheer him after he thinks the date has been blown are in fact whores) he forces his to realize with a little bit of sadness that we are not that innocent anymore. His comedy is just as capable of making us audibly say "Awwww" as it is making us laugh often at once. <br /><br />Here Harry wants to refuse to cheat on his wife he wants to tell his wife whose boss and take some power back in his relationship he wants to fight back against the two violent men at the end of the film but he just can't affect his surroundings that much and sometimes we all feel like that. <br /><br />The film is perfectly directed by frequent Langdon director Harry Edwards; it moves at a quick pace and never stalls while at the same time making time for and presenting to best effect Harry Langdon's still reactive comedy. Vernon Dent a frequent foil to Langdon plays one of the roles here where he becomes almost a comedy partner in his very effective pairing with Harry. The gags spaced out in a way that gives maximum effect too and Harry gets his own version of a Lloyd or Keaton style stunt at the end. Here the comedy is not in Harry's big reactions to the danger of sitting perched between two moving cars but in his slowness to take it in. <br /><br />This is a hilarious film and a perfect example of the comedy of one of the most unique an talented humorists that I know ever to have existed.
critique1953 Society heiress Susan Fletcher (Hopkins) and her wealthy father Simon Fletcher (Henry Stephenson) are vexed that their young nieces Joan (Betty Philson) and Katie (Marianna Strelby) are living a Bohemian lifestyle in Greenwich Village with their artist uncle John (Milland) after the death of their parents (Susan's sister and John's brother). Simon has given up trying to convince John to allow he and Susan to take care of the children and have resorted to using private detectives to catch him in either unbecoming behavior or unemployed and therefore unable to care for the children properly. Susan finally decides to take matters into her own hands and goes to Greenwich Village herself posing as an actress to try to gain information and/or persuade him to see reason. What she discovers however is that she not only likes the free and artistic lifestyle John and his friends are living and that the girls are being brought up well but that she is quickly falling in love with John. Inevitably her true identity is discovered and she is faced with the task of convincing everyone on both sides of the custody debate who should belong with whom.<br /><br />I really enjoyed this film and found that its very short running time (70 minutes) was the perfect length to spin this simple but endearing story. Miriam Hopkins one of the great 1930's-1940's actresses is delightful in this film. Her energy style and wholesome beauty really lend themselves to creating an endearing character even though you know that she's pulling a fast one on the people she quickly befriends. This is the earliest film I've seen Ray Milland in and he was actually young and non-patrician looking. (And apparently three years younger than his co-star) His energy and carefree manner in "Wise Girl" were a refreshing change to the demeanor he affects in his usual darker films. Honestly though I am usually not remotely a fan of child actors I really enjoyed the two young girls who played Susan's nieces. They were endearingly precocious and were really the jewels of the film. Unfortunately I can't dig up any other films that either of them were subsequently in after this one which is a shame since both exhibited a large amount of natural talent.<br /><br />"Wise Girl" was a film that was made three years after the Hollywood Code was instated and to some extent this was abundantly clear by the quick happy ending and the pie in the sky loftiness and ease with which the characters lived. The alleged Bohemian co-op was in fact a gorgeous cul-de-sac where the artists lived for free or for trade and everything is tied up very nicely throughout. Fortunately this was a light enough film and the characters were charming enough to make allowances for its fluffiness and short-comings and I was able to just take "Wise Girl" for what it was; a good old-fashioned love story that was as entertaining as it was endearing. Unfortunately films of the romantic comedy/drama genre today are considerably less intelligent and entertaining or I wouldn't find myself continuously returning to the classics. 7/10
critique1954 I was watching this when my wife called to inquire from the other room as to my choice of fare. My comment? "I am watching my Life!"<br /><br />Though younger but only by 5 years or so than the "Rocket Boys" I remember the absolute urgency with which Sputnick was greeted by our administrators of education and how the whole Science Fair thing gained momentum and took me and others into the competitive whirlwind. My own tornado landed me in my own State's Science Fair in Physics by '62 though our group was less successful in gaining the support of for example firefighters we approached for guidance and counsel until after a tragic event our city went so far as to allow us to tour the Nike missile site on Chicago's lakeshore.<br /><br />This movie brought it all back for me and I will bet that it brought it all back for a bunch of us "UberNerds" of the late '50s and early 60's.<br /><br />We are in a similar science brain drainage period now and really need this movie as a country. See It!
critique1955 I drove from Sacramento to San Francisco (and back) to see this movie premiere--and really glad I did. As a big movie fan and a life-long Northern Californian I was surprised how many Oscar-winning films have been made in the Bay Area. As a fashion designer who really wants to stay in the Bay Area as opposed to going to LA George Lucas' comments about persistence community and having a vision really resonated with me. <br /><br />Hey if he and all the other filmmakers can make it in SF so can other artists. <br /><br />Would recommend this film
critique1956 this is a teen movie and while u watch it expect some nonsensical stuff added here and there but overall the movie is effective very effective it makes you question and leaves you thinking the story is kinda far fetched but is believable and makes you feel good in sequences its not like its the usual done and tried path. the characters are pretty well defined and are convincing. Justin long stands out among all the others and watch out for his speech in the end he will convince anyone with that speech he is simply brilliant in that speech. he needs to take on some more serious roles he is worth more than just teen movies. etch this movie and get liberated
critique1957 The only reason I came across this movie was that it's on the LITTLE MISS MARKER DVD and I do recommend watching it although you won't like it as well as the better known movie.<br /><br />We have Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard as a con man and his companion. The film starts out quite light but becomes more dramatic as Coop first plans on using his daughter to extort a sizable amount of cash from his brother-in-law but upon meeting the girl and seeing the discipline she would be subject to with his brother-in-law elects to keep her. However he has trouble staying on the straight and narrow path and so the drama develops.<br /><br />Cooper and Lombard are good and Shirley still manages to steal the scenes she's in. There's little music in this and Shirley only has one song. However this is entertaining and worth watching along with LITTLE MISS MARKER.
critique1958 I read ashew's comment and thought they must have been watching an entirely different picture! <br /><br />I just watched the film this morning and was quite surprised.<br /><br />To address ashew's comments:<br /><br />Trail Street is a very well done western.<br /><br />And Randolph Scott was in it quite a bit! <br /><br />Gabby Hayes was funnier than I've ever seen him! <br /><br />The bad guys had very good comeuppances as far as I was concerned.<br /><br />Plus:<br /><br />It was interesting to see Robert Ryan as a straight-laced good guy - he's usually so slimy.<br /><br />In all a good western very well acted and written.<br /><br />I liked the background story of Kansas and the "winter wheat" that supposedly helped it become a state too.<br /><br />I thought the girl who played Susan was lovely - can't think why she didn't become a bigger star!
critique1959 I was just looking at the 100 bottom movies according to IMDb users seeing if there was anything to review that I haven't yet and I found this little screen gem. One of those occasions when you see a movie ranked as one of the worst and you just have to be one of the few that actually likes it. Darn well I guess I will get ridiculed and spat upon here but for me this was a pretty good flick when I saw it. It has been awhile however I remember it used to come on HBO late at night and I watched it two or three times and I haven't seen it really since and I would love to watch it again now knowing Jolie was in it. The story follows a cyborg and a guy trying to escape the clutches of this corporation and some bounty hunters after them. I think that is basically all there is to it throw in a few scenes with Jack Palance and we have our movie. Some good action here and there and some blood and violence as well. There is also a love story at play as well as the female cyborg and the guy who trained her to fight kind of fall in love with each other. The dialog sometimes becomes rather bad at times and it is by far not a top notch film but for a b-movie it is really good. I don't know if it was a theatrical release though because it does not seem high quality enough for that but it does make for one of the better direct to videos if it was one of those.
critique1960 The feel of this movie was amazing. Adam Sandler's performance was very inspiring. As he played a very rattled and fragile character he took his ability to the very edge and really worked the role. His character was really interesting. I can see myself reading the script for this movie and not being half as interested in the part as Sandler made me. For someone who plays primarily comedy roles he pulled off a serious role with what seemed to be his own quirks and input. I especially loved the scene in which Adam and Don's characters rode the motorized scooter around the city. I familiarized with the moment because it seemed like Don was witnessing one thing Adam does to get away from it all. With his video games music and many other things he does to keep him from thinking about the past riding his scooter with his headphones on seemed like an escape from his thoughts. This movie is definitely worth the watch.
critique1961 Masks is a moving film that works on many levels. At its simplest it is the haunting story of a street performer who bonds with a young child while trying to pass along his creative art (masks) to the next generation. Although at times the story makes the old man into a Job it is so well crafted (written acted directed wonderful production values) it is easy to move beyond his plight. And if you hang with it the film is ultimately very sweet and uplifting. Kudos all around. This is a wonderful film for children as well as adults. The trick is how to get Americans who may not like foreign language films to see it!
critique1962 Hercules' son gets severely wounded during a lion hunt that goes awry. Hercules (a solid and engaging performance by the beefy Reg Park) has to venture into an eerie and dangerous alternate dimension ruled by the evil and vengeful Gia the Earth Goddess (a deliciously wicked portrayal by Gia Sandri) and battle various monsters in order to save his son's soul. Meanwhile Gia's equally nasty son Antaius (a perfectly hateful turn by Giovanni Cianfriglia) poses as Hercules and takes over an entire city as a cruel and ruthless tyrant. Director Maurizo Lucidi relates the engrossing story at a steady pace and maintains a serious tone throughout. This film begins a little slow but really starts cooking once Hercules enters the misty and perilous subterranean spirit world: Rousing highlights include Hercules grappling with a humanoid lizard beast Hercules climbing a giant gnarled tree and Hercules being attacked by a bunch of creepy rotting zombies. Better still the bizarre spirit world just reeks of spooky atmosphere (gotta love that persistent thick swirling fog!). The strenuous rough'n'tumble mano-a-mano major physical confrontation between Hercules and Antaius likewise totally rocks. Of course we also get a big mondo destructo climactic volcanic eruption as well. Allvaro Mancori's crisp widescreen cinematography gives the movie an impressively expansive sense of scope. Ugo Filippini's robust rousing score has a nifty majestic sweep to it. Okay so this flick is an obvious cheapo cute'n'paste job that uses copious footage from both "Hercules in the Haunted World" and "Hercules and the Captive Women" but it's still an extremely lively and entertaining romp all the same.
critique1963 This film is a classic seventies cop flick that for some reason has been sadly overlooked. It is basically French Connection meets Bullit.<br /><br />Roy Scheider plays the head of an elite group of detectives known as the "Seven Ups" <br /><br />One of their men is discovered during an undercover op and is killed.<br /><br />Scheider and his team must find his killers. They become involved in a battle with the mob.<br /><br />The highlight of the film has to be the car chase obviously included to cash in on the success of Bullit. However this car chase outshines Bullitt due to its length speed and sheer excitement.It's a breathtaking roller-coaster ride that ends rather unexpectedly and spectacularly. Don't miss this little gem !!
critique1964 Raoul Walsh's mega-epic stunning filmed in an early widescreen process by the great Arthur Edeson can be slow and static in the early talkie manner but this classic wagon train journey across America to the NorthWest is thrilling as a sheer physical production when seen on the big screen. On t.v. the lack of close-ups and distant sound reproduction may prove daunting. Young John Wayne scores easily in his first starring role with a natural delivery the rest of the cast can't command. Amazingly the film flopped and Wayne spent most of the following decade in Grade B Western fodder.
critique1965 Drew Barrymore is such a great actress when it comes to these kind of movies. She stars wonderfully and gets away with the quirks and jokes. Romantic comedies like this suit her and I believe that she's done her best so far. Check out her other romantic comedies. You'll see what I mean.
critique1966 Never have i sat down for six hours straight to watch a miniseries but Changi changed that. I'm not going to lie I know some Aussie flicks can be pathetic and boring (actually i quite like Aussie flicks myself but maybe I'm biased) but Changi is on a completely different lane. Although not historically accurate as we are continually reminded the show combines superb acting an excellent script and the addition of humour to provide us with an entertaining and emotional perception of life in a POW camp in WWII.<br /><br />Keep in mind the show was not supposed to be a documentary so don't let any factual errors disappoint you. <br /><br />This series exposes such creative writing by John Doyle (aka Roy Slaven)who is known more for his comedy than anything else and an excellent director and actors move this creativity along perfectly. If you want to see how much hard work went into this series visit the official website it is really interesting and you'll learn a lot about true accounts of changi. <br /><br />If you haven't seen Changi yet make sure you are doing nothing for a whole day because you'll want to watch the series in its entirety.
critique1967 What a thrill ride! Twisted and thought provoking. Once again Sharon Stone pulls off her drop dead gorgeous spellbinding character of author Catherine Tramell impeccably. The original Basic Instinct takes place in San Francisco. The sequel takes place in London where Catherine has now relocated. Both bustling cities known for excitement haute couture ~ and a perfect place for someone like Catherine Trammel to take residency. David Morrisey ("Derailed") plays the smooth role of psychiatrist Dr. Michael Glass. The character David Thewlis plays as Roy Washburn with Scotland Yard is a refreshing departure from his role as Lupin in the Harry Potter series. Flashy cars designer clothes sex drama humortension - all of the "basic instincts." Mind bending throughout. Great screenplay. From the climactic opening scene to the surprise ending this film is anything but boring! Everyone in the theater was glued to the screen.
critique1968 Everyone told me this movie was downright not good and sick etc. so I finally rented it and I was amazed . I thought the torture was gonna be much much worse but it did get shocking near the end but that was about it. I wouldn't call it a horror movie maybe a mystery or something under the category of Silence of the Lambs and/or Kiss the Girls. It did get stupid at times but the rest of the movie kept me on the edge of my seat. 7/10<br /><br />Rated R - for strong torture violence language and sexuality
critique1969 Billy Wilder created a somewhat conventional biopic about the Charles Lindberg flight. He structures the film using flashbacks extensively to tell the Lindberg story leading up to the famous flight across the Atlantic which happens in present time in the film. Flying an airplane for hour after hour is not the stuff of excitement and Wilder is not going to deviate from his theme of Lindberg as hero of the common man so things are predictable. However James Stewart is well cast and quite believable as Lindberg and the many obstacles he has to overcome just to get his plane in the air keep one watching. <br /><br />The film comes through most successfully as Wilder weaves the parts of the story together in a way that create tension then relief then tension again. The cinematography is quite good score by Franz Waxman enhances the scenes and Stewart really seems to make Lindberg come alive makes one believe he could be Lindberg. There is a bit of 1950's religious schmaltz at the end but overall the direction acting and high production values overcome the predictability of the story (would anybody REALLY see this picture and NOT know that Lindberg made it across the Atlantic?) to make an enjoyable film that has aged better than most films from that time. Billy Wilder made films of a wide variety of types and this is one that is representative of his craftsman-like best.
critique1970 The Mother is one of those films that you know is good maybe even great but it is like eating vegetables or doing math homework is to a kid - too much work and a whole lot of pain to get invested in.<br /><br />The story is potentially distasteful in many ways: the death of a character within the first half hour the December-May romance the idea of a man cheating on his wife and then cheating on his lover with her mother the collection of weak and rather unpleasant thirty-something characters the apparent indifference of the adults to the children in their lives. This movie was made in the 2002 or 2003 but is a throw back to a collection of British (usually made-for-TV) movies from the late 1980's - it has a moral severity that never lets up which produces an enveloping throbbing angst.<br /><br />The Mother is flawless but that is in part the problem; if a film dealing with so many sensitive issues has some flaws - inconsistencies of script some lesser actors - it takes the edge off but if such a film is so pitch perfect the experience of watching it is raw and painful. Even the technical qualities - lighting editing etc. - make the viewer ache; the London in this movie is bright and open filled with harsh cutting light.<br /><br />If you are tough as nails or are one of those super-sensitive people who likes to torture themselves with gut-wrenching sad movies or novels then you will enjoy The Mother. Anyone in between give it a miss or be prepared to squirm. And be warned: as tough as the movie is from beginning to near-end the worst is to come.<br /><br />Toward the end of the movie the mother asks her daughter what she can do to make up for it (for having slept with her boyfriend) and the daughter calmly says that she has thought about it and would like to hit her. The mother agrees to this they both stand up and - instead of a well primed slap - the daughter clenches her fist and delivers a boxer's blow. Argh!!!
critique1971 Saw this at Sundance one of the first years I attended the festival - blew me away...<br /><br />It went by much too fast and I've never been able to find it again. I figured it would show up on a compilation somewhere but still no joy. My memory's foggy on the details - I just remember being surprised over and over again and on the edge of my seat.<br /><br />Anyone reading this have any leads? Online DVD beat-up VHS copy - I'd try to make it worth your while...<br /><br />Over the years I've probably seen over 200 short films (used to live near Aspen where they have an incredible Shorts Fest in April). This definitely ranks among my favorites and I hope to see it again!<br /><br />Many thanks to anyone with leads on how to see it :)
critique1972 It's not hard to imagine what the main problem for a screenwriter is who wants to have 18 equally well written characters with about the same amount of screen time in a movie that last around 90 minutes. It's almost impossible not to fall back on stereotypes and that is also what writer-director Ralf Westhoff does here. Very few of the characters can be recognized as people that you and me know in real life many of them are just characterized with two or three attributes and stay vague. I am aware of that but still think that "Shoppen" is successful namely that it accomplishes just what it wants to. It is a film with very well written dialogue extremely good acting and a film that made me laugh out loud really often. I don't think that this film wants to make a deep going analysis of loneliness in our modern society or that it wants to be moral commentary on speed-dating. It's a movie about something that exists and people and their motivation to use it. Funny and entertaining.
critique1973 I taped The Morrison Murders on Lifetime Movie network and I watched The Morrison Murders on Lifetime Lifetime Movie network and on Courttv. Jonathan Scarfe and John Corbett did a great job of playing Luke and Walker Morrison. I am glad that Walker got his brother Luke to confess of murdering his parents and their brother Bobby. I enjoy watching True stories on Lifetime Lifetime Movie network and on Courttv. The Morrison Murders is a good movie to watch. Next time The Morrison Murders is on Lifetime Lifetime Movienetwork or Courttv I am going to watch The Morrrison Murders again because My favorite actor John Corbbett is in The Morrison Murders. I give The Morrison Murders a ten because it is a good movie about Walker who tries to find out who killed his parents and his brother Bobby and at the end Walker discovers it was his brother Luke who murdered his parents and his brother Bobby.
critique1974 The animation was fab and the film funny. The two circus bugs Tuck/Roll were very funny. If you waited till the credits at the end you saw a very funny sequence of film where they showed the bugs pretending to do things wrong like in other movies that was clever as it made the characters more human and beliveable.
critique1975 (Review is of the original 1950's version not the restored 1980's one) In a land where the king likes no one and no one likes the king a shepherdess and a chimney sweep from two nearby paintings come to life and run off. A portrait of the king who loves the shepherdess kills the real king and takes his place. A huge bird the wonderbird of the title acts as a hero of sorts and helps out our two lovers.<br /><br />This is a strange strange movie... no surreal very very very surreal.<br /><br />The style of the background is very European while the characters are Fliescher meet Warner but early arty Warner of the non major characters. They move in both realistic and cartoon like manners.<br /><br />This is an odd movie and it takes a bit to get into it but Peter Ustinov as the bird is a riot his kids and the puppy are wonderful. There are cops in rubber ducks and a bear design that makes you smile.<br /><br />And there is deep philosophy in the film about the existence of a world out there...out beyond a Metropolis subterranean city.<br /><br />This is a really neat movie. There is something just so odd and unique about it that rewards you if you stay with it for the whole ride. Its not perfect but what the hell.<br /><br />This is a movie to search out. If your local bargain DVD bin has the capcom version (paired with Alice in Paris) buy it. It should run you under ten bucks probably around five and the price is absolutely worth it especially when you realize it comes with two full length cartoons two short cartoons and several neat commercials and other fun things.
critique1976 I hate to say it but I really do think this one's overrated and I love Jackie's films. It's got more plot behind it than usual but unfortunately though it has some great stuff I find it to be a bit slow. All in all I say it's entertaining but not great.
critique1977 This is a cute little movie that provides pretty much what it promises - some good entertainment. After all when a movie proclaims it features top SASS shooters you have to figure that it is not a likely candidate for the "Best Picture" Oscar. Those guys are shooters not actors. Your next clue is that the movie doesn't star Nicholas Cage or Jennifer Aniston i.e. you shouldn't expect to see the current hottest names. It was meant to be just plain old entertainment and in that regard it is every bit as good as a lot of the old "oaters" I have seen through the years.<br /><br />SO what do you get with "Hell To Pay"? You get 100 minutes of good old entertainment. You get a chance to see some stars from past years who act pretty much like what they did in their prime but a little older. You get to see some good SASS shooters in major roles and a few SASS hams in the background. It was a lot of fun for me seeing people that I have shot with visited in their homes and who are my good friends get to do something that a lot of people only ever dream about - they're in a real live honest to gosh movie. They're doing something a lot of wannabe actors and wannabe shooters will never get the chance to do and I think that alone makes it worth the watch.<br /><br />Admittedly not everyone is a SASS member and so I saw lots of fun and humor that others may miss but it is still good old-fashioned entertainment and frankly there are a LOT of movies in the theatre right now that I wouldn't give a nickel to see so save the money to go see "Brokeback Mountain" get "Hell to Pay" and watch some real cowboys have some fun.
critique1978 I agree with all aforementioned comments. This show was a delight to watch. Funny witty terrific acting and zany sets. It's always a thrill to find a show that is smartly written assumes the audience has brains and displays subtle humor. I would spend good hard-earned cash money to see it again on DVD. And as long as we're requesting Smart Series That Never Got a Chance...How about DVD releases of Maximum Bob (another well written odd duck show with a delightful cast of characters.) And add to the list...Middle Ages or Frank's Place. There has to a way to release these shows out of the vaults and into the hands of devoted fans and new audiences.
critique1979 In one of the many Bugs Bunny-Daffy Duck cartoons Elmer Fudd is out hunting and Daffy tries to get him to shoot Bugs. Needless to say Bugs has his own agenda. Moreover "Rabbit Seasoning" makes interesting use of word order and pronouns (warning: it just might hilariously and royally mess up your speech).<br /><br />I think that probably my favorite aspect of this cartoon is the costumes worn by Bugs and Daffy. One of them seems like it would have been risquÃƒÂ© for 1952 (especially in a cartoon) but they pull it off perfectly as they always did. All in all this just goes to show what geniuses the people behind these cartoons were.
critique1980 I just love Malle's documentaries. They are so effortless and simple but still so fascinating. I have no idea why this documentary works. It is about Glencoe Minnesota. 5000 people live there and nothing happens really. But still Malle manages to make it fascinating and interesting. His love for humanity even racist or homophobic people is so overwhelming that you just can't help but also to fall in love with them too. <br /><br />Malle filmed most of it in 1979. He came back 6 years later to see what had changed. This would have been a good film without the material 6 years later but this small addition makes it great. It may sound like Malle was just doing what has been done in the Up series but in fact it is not. The Up series are about people. Malle's emphasis is not so much on what happened to each person but what has happened to this community. And the change is great. 1985 is the Reagan era and the farmers are suffering. Once a proud community now no one sees much future at all and parents hope their children will educate them self and do something else than farming. <br /><br />This documentary is quite relevant today. Our financial crises today started because of what was happening then. Just take a look to these final words in the film spoken by an older lawyer from the town (in 1985):<br /><br />"Well I have high hopes for this country because the things that are going on right now can only be characterized in my mind as an obsession with greed. And a nation doesn't live long with that obsession. And particularly a democracy that... There's good - there's good - a lot of good in this country and a lot of good people and they aren't gonna - they aren't gonna subscribe to this philosophy of greed that's going on now. It's horrible."<br /><br />Unfortunately it took more than 20 years and a hell of a headache before that happened.
critique1981 Note to previous reviewer: This movie is "science-fiction adaptation of the Iliad" according to the screenwriter. So whether the references are painful or not no apologies it is the basis for the film. They admit they stole...though adapted is the P.C. term.<br /><br />Great flick but too short. Probably didn't come out as well as the author director or studio wanted but pretty damn fun. The fact that the studio itself imploded during the making only helps add to its legacy.<br /><br />A big-budget remake wouldn't be as fun and probably wouldn't do the screenplay any more justice. But it's fun to dream about the potential there. A DVD release with some meager extras is apparently available but I don't think it would play on NTSC players. I'm no expert and thus still trying to figure this out. For now I live with the VHS incarnation.
critique1982 Starting with a "My Name is Joe" like scene in Alcoholics Anonymous tBM careers into a mad spiral of infidelity double standards and clandestine affairs. but what do you expect from a family of lawyers?<br /><br />A genuinely funny film with some of the most outrageous characters since The Birdcage plot and subplot are intertwined with surreal scenes of decadent Parisian life (ever been to a wedding reception in the gents toilet where the brides grandmother and her deranged girlfriend are smoking dope and cracking blue jokes? No me either!) leading to a final scene of almost Arcadian symbolism.<br /><br />Excellent.
critique1983 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1984 Director Sam Fuller has something of a cult following particularly in Europe. Yet the bulk of his films are more than forgettable. He did however direct one really terrific movie in "Pickup on South Street". Made pretty early on in his career the movies that followed were vastly inferior.<br /><br />From the first to the last frame "Pickup" works on all levels. It's filmed with flawless fluidity boasting fine performances all round. Richard Widmark and Thelma Ritter both players with a fine record of top notch performances are at their peak. Widmark who was no stranger at playing villains while truly mean to the core still manages to reveal just the slightest humanity which makes his character fascinating as well as making Jean Peters character's falling for him all the more credible.<br /><br />Fuller holds no punches in this genuinely tough movie. There is a scene in which Jean Peters get roughed up by Widmark. It's truly shocking in its reality. This is not a case of carefully choreographed photography.<br /><br />Less self conscious than many film noir's of the period this remains a great example of the genre.
critique1985 What a fun movie! If you're a Giallo fan Red Queen Kills 7 Times is a real winner. To begin with it's hard to go wrong with Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti in the same Giallo. Both are wonderful - especially the wide-eyed innocent Bouchet as the guilt ridden woman fearing for her life. The kill scenes in Red Queen Kills 7 Times are especially nice and feature enough blood to make most fans happy. One of the first murders comes rather unexpectedly and really gets the movie off to a good start. The killer The Red Queen is one of the most over-the-top and interesting looking murderers I've seen in an Italian movie. The 70s sets and fashions are wonderful. In fact all the visuals are interesting with the laughing Red Queen running across the bridge at night being one of my favorite moments in the film. The convoluted plot held my interest throughout. Finally Bruno Nicolai's score may be the best I've heard from the composer. The main theme is so memorable I haven't been able to get it out of my head for two days.<br /><br />The only two issues I have with Red Queen Kills 7 Times come in the film's finale. First the person responsible for the murders is far too easy to spot. If you've seen more than a couple Gialli you won't have any problem determining who is behind the killings. Second the ending feels a little too rushed and as a result is a bit confusing. I'm definitely not one who needs every plot point spelled out to me but I'll admit to being at a loss to explain it all. A second viewing might just clear this up.
critique1986 It is great to see a film starring kids whose idea of "acting adult" is not engaging in sensuality. Instead these kids see a problem in their community and take responsibility for helping to solve it. Hoot is a film aimed squarely at families looking for a fun day at the cinema. The production values are good especially sweeping shots of Montana and Florida. The soundtrack by Jimmy Buffet is a perfect fit. The young actors are spirited and refreshing.<br /><br />The plot about a trio of kids who work together to save some burrowing owls from death at the hands of an unscrupulous pancake house empire builder will engage kids. So many films make children appear powerless it is nice to see a movie that shows children working hard to make a difference. And even though parents are absent or temporarily distracted it was pleasant to see kids who want to follow in their parents footsteps and try to right injustices.<br /><br />If you are tired of all of the self-indulgent story lines about children that fill the cinema give Hoot a shot. Then take some time to talk to your kids about the adventure of serving others and caring about the world they live in. A positive message from a positive film.
critique1987 This show is my guilty pleasure all the way!! When I first tuned in to America's Next Top Model I expected to be bored and to find it very very stupid. I didn't. This show is actually serious fun. I read on one of the other reviews that it makes you wonder if you have what it takes to be America's Next top model. And it so does! Who doesn't love the glamour and excitement that come with being a model? On ANTM you get to see what it's REALLY like. And who doesn't love hearing the girls bitch about each other and get into fights? Or enjoy wanting to throw something at that Janice lady?<br /><br />Give this a chance. Don't expect something intelligent or a show you can look to for a life lesson. Just enjoy it for what it is. Serious fun!
critique1988 While escaping from a heist of a bank the outlaw Vance Shaw (Randolph Scott) helps Edward Creighton (Dean Jagger) the chief-engineer of the Western Union that is surveying the Wild West and had had an accident with a horse. In 1861 Vance regenerates and is hired to work for the Western Union with the team that is installing the poles and cable from Omaha to Salt Lake City. Vance and the engineer from Harvard Richard Blake (Robert Young) flirt with the gorgeous Edward's sister Sue Creighton (Virginia Gilmore) and she chooses Vance. However his past haunts him when the outlaw Jack Slade (Barton MacLane) steals the Western Union cattle disguised of Indians.<br /><br />"Western Union" is a good but predictable western directed by Fritz Lang. The story shows the difficulties of the brave and idealistic men responsible for installing the telegraph through the West facing thieves and Indians. The entertaining story has action drama romance and funny situations but with the exception of the identity of Jack Slade there is no surprise in the story. Randolph Scott gives another magnificent performance with a great cast. My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Os Conquistadores" ("The Conquerors")
critique1989 Once when I was in college and we had an international fair the Russian section had a Soviet-era poster saying "Ne boltay!" meaning "Don't gossip!". I "translated" it for the "generation" of TV watchers as "Don't be Gladys Kravitz!" (in reference to the nosy neighbor on "Bewitched").<br /><br />However when you see the result of gossip in the Pvt. Snafu short "Rumors" you see that it's not quite a laughing matter. In this case the perpetually witless soldier overhears something about bombing and immediately assumes that the Axis Powers have attacked the United States. So he tells it to someone who tells someone else who tells someone else and it continues. As in "The Russians Are Coming the Russians Are Coming" the story gets blown more and more out of proportion each time so that when it gets back to Snafu...well you know what I mean! Yes it's mostly WWII propaganda - complete with a derogatory term for the Japanese - but I have to say that the Pvt. Snafu shorts were actually quite funny. Of course since they had Dr. Seuss writing and Mel Blanc providing the voices it's no surprise that these came out rather cool. Worth seeing.
critique1990 This show is freaking hilarious! the jokes are original god and i Love Eric and Kelso! yeah i know what they say after the 8th season it's not funny anymore because Eric and Kelso are no longer in the show and Randy is a real dumbass. Randy is comparing to Eric and Kelso. <br /><br />you cant take the funniest characters and switch em with "I'm a cool guy" kind of guy (Randy). it isn't his fault anyway but the writers are trying to keep the 8th season funny it's still is not as much as the earlier seasons but its alright.<br /><br />the 360's are awesome the circle Red is a real kind of mental-abusing dad :) and kitty is always half-high half-pie. Hyde tries to be cool all the time he has his moments too. the least favrioutes characters are Jackie and Donna. they're cool but not without Kelso and Eric.<br /><br />great show. Dumbass!
critique1991 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique1992 When ever a film is produced or directed by Mel Ferrer you can bet your life any of his pictures will be seen for generation after generation. Just having Claudette Colbert(Ellen R. Ewing)"The Egg & I"'47 appearing and starring in the film will make it even more of a great Classic Film. In this film Ellen Ewing gets married and then she encounters all kinds of mental problems and even murder. The mystery gets very much involved and Robert Ryan(David McLean)"Battle of the Bulge"'65 comes to the aid of Ellen and sometimes you even wonder about David being on the up and up. As you view this picture you just about find yourself beginning to understand who is the real nutty person and all of a sudden you begin to change your mind how the film will end. Great acting by Claudette Colbert and Robert Ryan who played an entirely different role than he usually portrays on the screen. I forgot to mention that Mel Ferrer was married to a great film star Audrey Hepburn. Great Classic film with great Classic Actors !
critique1993 This is one of my favorite movies. The performances of Rip Torn and Tantoo Cardinal are excellent and their performances combined with the music scenery and reality of the movie are quite compelling. A look at a true tell it like it is logging mountain man who refuses to give up his way of life in the name of progress and development. The music of the Horseflies is very unique and adds an eerie quality to some of the scenes. After seeing this movie for the first time I had to go out and purchase the video and the soundtrack. Overall a quiet type of movie with bursts of panic. Both Torn and Cardinal are very believable in their roles. I put this movie in the same category as Winter People with Kurt Russell and Kelly McGillis another favorite.
critique1994 This 1947 film stars and was directed and written by Orson Welles (with a funky Irish accent) and also stars the gorgeous Rita Hayworth with less appealing short blonde hair. So I've hung out with Orson before in Touch of Evil and Citizen Kane and the Third Man etc. but this was my first Rita Hayworth interaction. Our first meeting went well she does a superb job playing the frightened/cagey Elsa married to a crippled millionaire lawyer. Mike (Welles) and Elsa fall for each other. He wants to run away with her she doesn't know if she can live without the things money can buy. Elsa her husband and his partner bicker and bite just like the sharks Mike describes attacking each other and his foretelling proves just too true. Several twists and turns follow in this murder mystery as we come to the climax in the fun house. (Think the ending shootout in The Man with the Golden Gun which borrowed heavily from this scene). I wasn't sure who the murderer was until the end.<br /><br />This movie is like shrimp in garlic and lemon. The dish centers on the sea it is subtle sour and pungent all to great effect. These might not be the best fresh shrimp but good quality frozen shrimp from Costco. The flavorful sauce adds to the naturalness of the pink shrimp as you fill up on a healthy but filling alternative to more mundane common fare. 7/10 http://blog.myspace.com/locoformovies
critique1995 I first saw this movie around 1968 and if I don't see it once or twice a year I'm surprised. I've always found it engrossing well acted and for Hollywood surprisingly accurate historically. I heartily give it 10 stars and recommend it highly!
critique1996 This low budget digital video film has strengths in the right places--writing and acting. In addition the digital photography is the best of the lot so far. In low light conditions the characteristic video umber tone prevails but surprising it rivals film stock for brightness clarity and saturation in brightly lit situations. This is grass roots film making at its best with snappy dialogue carrying a "Midnight Cowboy" kind of story about grifters doing whatever it takes to survive in urban San Francisco.
critique1997 This happens to be one of my favorite horror films. It's a rich classy production boasting an excellent cast of ensemble actors beautiful on-location cinematography a haunting musical score an intelligent and novel plot theme and an atmosphere of dread and menace. It's reminiscent of such classic films as ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING wherein young vulnerable women find themselves victimized by supernatural forces in old creepy buildings with a macabre past. Here CRISTINA RAINES plays a top New York City fashion model named Alison Parker. Her happy outgoing exterior masks a deeply conflicted and troubled soul. This is evidenced by the revelation that in her past she attempted suicide twice- once as a teenage girl after walking in on her degenerate father cavorting in bed with two women and having him rip a silver crucifix from her neck and toss it on the floor and the second time after her married lawyer-boyfriend's wife supposedly committed suicide over learning of their affair. Telling her beau(played by a suitably slimy CHRIS SARANDON) that she needs to live on her own for a year or so she answers a newspaper ad for a fully-furnished spacious one-bedroom apartment in an old Brooklyn Heights brownstone. This building actually exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace right by the Brooklyn Heights Promenade off Remsen Street. The producers actually filmed inside the building and its apartments paying the residents for their inconvenience of course. The real estate agent a Miss Logan(AVA GARDNER) seems to be very interested in having Alison take the apartment- an interest that cannot be solely explained by the 6% commission she would earn. Especially when she quickly drops the rental price from $500.00 a month to $400.00. Alison agrees and upon leaving the building with Miss Logan notices an elderly man sitting and apparently staring at her from the top-floor window. Miss Logan identifies the man to her as Father Halliran and tells Alison that he's blind. Alison's response is very logical- "Blind? Then what does he look at?" After moving in Alison meets some of the other residents in the building including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO who provide Alison with an uncomfortable welcome to the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being soon start to deteriorate and she is plagued by splitting headaches and fainting spells. When she relays her concerns to Miss Logan about her sleep being disturbed on a nightly basis by clanging metal and loud footsteps coming from the apartment directly over her she is dumbstruck to learn that apart from the blind priest and now herself no one has lived in that building for the last three years. Summoning the courage one night to confront her nocturnal tormentor she arms herself with a butcher knife and a flashlight and enters the apartment upstairs. She is confronted by the cancer-riddled specter of her dead father and uses the knife on him in self-defense when he comes after her. The police investigate and find no sign of violence in that apartment- no corpse no blood nothing. Yet Alison fled the building and collapsed in the street covered in blood- her own as it turns out. But there's nary a mark on her. What Alison doesn't realize until the film's denouement is that her being in that brownstone has a purpose. She was put there for a reason- a reason whose origin dates back to the Biblical story of the Garden of Eden and of the angel Uriel who was posted at its entrance to guard it from the Devil. She is being unknowingly primed and prepped by the Catholic Church to assume a most important role- one that will guarantee that her soul which is damned for her two suicide attempts can be saved. At the same time the "invisible" neighbors who turn out to be more than just quirky oddballs have a different agenda in mind for her. This is a competent and intelligently done film and one that surprisingly portrays the Church and its representatives in a mostly sympathetic light.
critique1998 Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost. The feelings of pain grief and sorrow can be unbearable. However sometimes it is the memories they leave behind that trigger the saddest emotions. This theme is superbly portrayed in the short film 'Tulip' directed by the award winning Australian actress Rachel Griffths. Described as a movie 'as much about memories as it is about love' a string of sensitivity and sentimentality is expertly threaded into this triumphant 15 minute film.<br /><br />'Tulip' is a beautifully wrought touching and heart-warming story of a man's journey in coming to terms with the loss of his wife through the relationship he shares with a very special animal 'Tulip'. The film opens with a rising dawn the chirping of birds and a vast landscape introducing the sense of rustic harmony present throughout the film. A soft music plays marking the entrance of Ruth (Jean Bain). She wears a flowered dress and apron with a sun hat on her head. She gently pets Tulip caressing her ears and patting her back. The furnishing of the house is impressive and the attention to detail is creditable (a vase of tulips can be seen on the bench) reflecting the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth as she is spooning the milk from the bucket. They pour the milk and coffee together a sign of companionship and teamwork. Not a word is said but it is obvious that their relationship is close and affectionate; they paint a perfect picture of happiness.<br /><br />Sadly happiness doesn't last forever. The tragic passing of Ruth affects Will deeply. An effective scene of fading cars highlights Will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the day of the funeral. Soon he sinks into depression and becomes oblivious to his surroundings when everything seems hopeless and lost. At Will's moment of despair Tulip becomes the symbol of Ruth the genuine connection Will has with his late wife. It was through Tulip that Will learns to cope with the absence of Ruth and overcome the heartrending feelings of loneliness.<br /><br />Each of the characters is realistically and solidly portrayed especially the part of Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings the character to life through personal investment. The recent loss of his own wife (Audrey Tingwell) is effectively reflected in his acting. Every sag of his shoulder and every frown on his brow make the viewer empathize strongly with the character. The character of Ruth is wonderfully carried out by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say a single word throughout the movie her sweet personality and loving relationship with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards give delightful performances in supporting roles as the friendly Margaret and Mary. They also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story.<br /><br />An anecdote from Griffths' childhood the story of loss and discovery is remarkably captured in 'Tulip'. Beautifully shot and superbly acted this film will surely make you misty eyed triumphant or feel like drinking a cup of milk.
critique1999 Intense domestic suspense with the mistress of the house (Lupino excellent as always) threatened by a psychotic migrant housecleaner (Ryan). The 2 masters of the genre are at their heady erotic best as they match wits emotions and wills in a bizarre hostage situation right out of the Saturday Evening Post. Richly hued B & W photography with an unusual amount of close-up head shots. The young girl who teases Ryan is really well directed here. Improbable but satisfying suburban melodrama.
critique2000 This is the kind of film you want to see with a glass of wine the fire on and with your feet up. It doesn't require that much brain-power to follow so is very good after a long day. I would say it is very unrealistic - if you expecting anything serious then don't bother but it is very funny. Just the thought that a businessman would go so far as to agree to live in a slum for a while and then actually get to enjoy it... I would definitely recommend it.
critique2001 Gunga Din: one of the greatest adventure stories ever told! A story about the British Foreign legion in 19th century India and a lowly "water-bearer" named Gunga Din a local denizen who aspires to be just like his military counterparts; three British sergeants whose loyalty and camaraderie for each other extend far beyond the bounds of mere patriotism. Their's is a true and abiding friendship for one another and each would be willing to sacrifice his own life for the good of the other. Gunga Din longs to be a soldier too a Bugler in particular but can never attain that rank due to his subordinate social standing. However heroes are not made according to their social credentials they're made through their willingness to sacrifice for the greater good of others. Gunga Din tries at every turn to prove his mettle but will he ever attain the rank he so passionately seeks?...."You're a better man than I am Gunga Din"! One of Hollywood's classics and a perfect 10!!!!
critique2002 This show is great for many reasons..The father and mother can communicate with their kids this day in age. Its so great to see a real family instead of some stuffy overacting family. I watched this one time and became hooked.It so great to see a black family on TV worth watching. This show left too soon but on its way out it dealt with pregnancy sexy drugs bad datesdeath etc .The best thing about the show was that it dealt with it in a real humorous sort of way. Great show for the family ..I cant tell you how many times I have sat up watched this show late at night sometimes and laughed my head off. Great pg 13 rated show.I loved everybit of this show.
critique2003 What will be Prospero in the twentieth century what is his life? Why a man would need to choose to live on an island with his daughter and girl friend? Because it is too hard to live and love in good conditions in "civilisation". This man (John Cassavetes) is a broken hearted giant he can command the storm. He's got the power the strengh but he is human. Deep love of life is the subject of this extraordenary movie. The acting is incredible all the genius of John Cassavetes Gena Rowlands Vittorio Gasman and Shakespeare and paul mazursky of course. don't miss it it'll be a mistake this film is one of the most beautiful I've ever seen.and i've seen a lot of movies.
critique2004 This is an intimate movie of a sincere girl in the real world out of Hollywood's cheap fantasy is a very good piece of its class and Ashley Judd fills the role impeccably. It may appear slow for thrill seekers though. Cool movie for a calm night.<br /><br />
critique2005 Undoubtedly one of the great John Ford's masterpieces Young Mr. Lincoln went practically unnoticed at the time of its initial release no wonder because the year was 1939 when many of the greatest movies of the whole cinema history had been released including the most mythical Western in the history of the genre John Ford's milestone Stagecoach and many others such as Gone with the Wind The Wizard of Oz Mr. Smith Goes to Washington which took the Oscar in the only category Young Mr. Lincoln was nominated for which is Original Screenplay. <br /><br /> It continued to be the most underrated Ford's film for many years ahead destined to gradually fade away in the shadow of other John Ford's masterpieces but by the end of the 1950s American and European film critics and historians took a hold of a note written by legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein about the Young Mr. Lincoln where he praised it and acknowledged that if he would only have had an opportunity to direct any American film ever made till then it would be definitely John Ford's Young Mr. Lincoln. Impressed by such an undoubted preference from Eisenstein critics began to see the film again but only with a bit different eyes and film's reputation has been increasing ever since. <br /><br /> It was far not for the first time the life of one of the most legendary American presidents was brought to the screen. Right in the beginning of the 1930s Griffith did it in his Abraham Lincoln and the same year as Ford's film MGM released John Cromwell's one called Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Curiously enough both of them were based on a very successful Broadway Stage Play released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /><br /> As far as John Ford's films are concerned we can easily find many references to the life and deeds and even death of mythical Lincoln's figure in several of director's works such as 1924 The Iron Horse or 1936 The Prisoner of the Shark Island the second one just as Young Mr. Lincoln utilizes as the main musical theme the favourite Lincoln's song - Dixie.<br /><br /> The screenplay based on a previously mentioned Stage Play and Lincoln's biographies was written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself which was quite a rare thing for Ford to do but final result was simply superb - a script combining elements of the Play with several historical facts as well as myths and legends about the beginning of Abraham Lincoln's life and law practice culminating in a hilarious but mostly heartbreaking trial scene which is the film's highest point and main laugh and tears generator where Lincoln defends the two young brothers accused of a murder and have to devise a manner to help their mother too when she is brought before the court as a witness and where the prosecuting attorney (played by Donald Meek) demands her to indicate which one of her sons actually committed the murder obviously obliging her to the making of an impossible choice of condemning to death one and letting live the other.<br /><br /> Overall it's a very touching heart-warming and even funny film with simply magnificent performance from Henry Fonda in his supreme characterization of Abraham Lincoln and with overwhelming richness of other characters no matter how little or how big they are incarnated from the wonderful and intelligent screenplay and conducted by the ability of John Ford's genius at one of its best deliveries ever. A definite must see for everyone. 10/10
critique2006 I was very moved by the story and because I am going through something similar with my own parents I really connected. It is so easy to forget that someone whose body is failing was once vibrant and passionate. And then there's the mistakes they made and have to live with. I loved Ellen Burstyn's performance and who is Christine Horne? She's fantastic! A real find. There is probably the most erotic scene I've ever seen in a film yet nothing was shown - it was just so beautifully done. Overall the look and feel of the film was stunning a real emotional journey. Cole Hauser is very very good in this picture he humanizes a man spiraling downwards. I liked the way the filmmaker approached this woman's life never sentimental never too much - just enough to hook us in but not enough to bog down.
critique2007 all the acting done in the first season has been really amazing. the first look you get of Max and Zach is through Geneva Locke and Chris Lazar or as i like to call them the minis. the minis do the best acting job that i have ever seen kids do. the main actors and actresses i.e. Jessica Alba Michael Weatherly etc. make you forget you are watching a fictional t.v. show they seem to make this show come alive. all in all this is the best show i have ever watched
critique2008 I saw this movie at the theaters when I was about 6 or 7 years old. I loved it then and have recently come to own a VHS version. <br /><br />My 4 and 6 year old children love this movie and have been asking again and again to watch it. <br /><br />I have enjoyed watching it again too. Though I have to admit it is not as good on a little TV.<br /><br />I do not have older children so I do not know what they would think of it. <br /><br />The songs are very cute. My daughter keeps singing them over and over.<br /><br />Hope this helps.
critique2009 My family and I enjoy this show and find it a fair thumb nail sketch of what the people went through.<br /><br />My own father spent some time in Changi before going onto the Thailand-Burma Railway in "F" Force. Much as been said about the treatment the POW's received I will just say that my father was 6 foot 1 inch and 196 lbs when Singapore fell at the end of the war he was 5 foot 11 inches tall and 91 lbs.<br /><br />No show could truly convey what the POW's went through but this comes closer than most.<br /><br />As the Ex POW's say "If you didn't have mates you didn't survive." This show succeeds in getting this message across.
critique2010 Fat Man And Little Boy were the code names of the two atomic bombs that were dropped in reverse order on Nagasaki and Hiroshina. How these came to be and came to be in American hands is the story of this film.<br /><br />The terms by the way are the code names of two bombs fueled with plutonium and uranium. Fat Man was the plutonium bomb and that one was dropped on Nagasaki and Little Boy was the one used on Hiroshima<br /><br />The film is primarily a conflict between General Leslie R. Groves of the United States Army and physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer who led the team of scientists who developed the bomb under Groves's direction. With two men from as widely divergent backgrounds as these were conflict was inevitable.<br /><br />Paul Newman who all his life has been a disarmament activist plays General Groves. To his credit Newman does not play a man whose views he would very little in common with as any kind of caricature. Groves is a military man first and foremost with an engineering background. He wanted a combat command as trained military professionals would naturally want in this greatest of wars. But because of his background in engineering Groves got to head the Manhattan Project which was what the effort was code named. So be it Newman is determined to make his contribution to the war effort count.<br /><br />Most of us first became acquainted with Dwight Schultz from the A-Team as H.M. Murdoch the pilot whose grip on reality is tenuous at best. If one was only acquainted with the A-Team one might think that Schultz had a great future in comic roles.<br /><br />Instead Dwight Schultz is one of the best actors in the English speaking world with an astonishing range of dramatic parts since leaving that television series. J. Robert Oppenheimer in life was a complex man who recognized the dangers and benefits of atomic energy. The challenge of the problem also intrigues him. Later on Oppenheimer got into a real bind because of his left-wing political views and associates which everyone knew walking into the Manhattan Project. <br /><br />Some of the lesser roles that stand out are Bonnie Bedelia as Mrs. Oppenheimer Natasha Richardson as Oppenheimer's Communist mistress whose affair with Oppenheimer got him in such a jackpot later on and Laura Dern as a nurse at the Los Alamos site.<br /><br />But the best is John Cusack who as Michael Merriman is a composite of some real life scientists who might accurately be labeled as the first casualties of the atomic age. His scenes with Laura Dern especially with what happens to him take on a real poignancy.<br /><br />The debate over the bombs as the use put to them is still a matter of raging debate. Fat Man And Little Boy presents the facts and lets you decide what might have happened if an alternative use of them had been taken.
critique2011 Maybe I'm biased because the F-16 is my favorite fighter aircraft - although the F-14 is probably second or third - but I liked this movie. The sequels (Iron Eagle II and III) don't measure up acting and plot wise but the first one - along with Top Gun - have excellent flying and music along with reasonable plots and acting. II and III clearly have much less of a "flight budget" but their main drawback is plot and acting. I suspect the relative fame and popularity of Iron Eagle compared to Top Gun is almost entirely a reflection of the fame and popularity of Jason Gedrick compared to Tom Cruise. Another plus (for me) is an all too brief appearance by Shawnee Smith. 7/10
critique2012 After dipping his toes in the giallo pool with the masterful film "The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh" (1971) director Sergio Martino followed up that same year with what turns out to be another twisty suspense thriller "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail." Like his earlier effort this one stars handsome macho dude George Hilton who would go on to star in Martino's Satanic/giallo hybrid "All the Colors of the Dark" the following year. "Scorpion's Tail" also features the actors Luigi Pistilli and Anita Strindberg who would go on to portray an unhappy couple (to put it mildly!) in Martino's "Your Vice Is a Locked Room and Only I Have the Key" (1972). (I just love that title!) I suppose Edwige Fenech was busy the month they shot this! Anyway this film boasts the stylish direction that Martino fans would expect as well as a twisty plot some finely done murder set pieces and beautiful Athenian location shooting. The story this time concerns an insurance investigator (Hilton) and a journalist (Strindberg here looking like Farrah Fawcett's prettier smarter sister) who become embroiled in a series of grisly murders following a plane crash and the inheritance of $1 million by a beautiful widow. I really thought I had this picture figured out halfway through but I was dead wrong. Although the plot does make perfect sense in this giallo I may have to watch the film again to fully appreciate all its subtleties. Highlights of the picture for me were Anita's cat-and-mouse struggle with the killer at the end a particularly suspenseful house break-in and a nifty fight atop a tiled roof; lots of good action bursts in this movie! The fine folks at No Shame are to be thanked for still another great-looking DVD with nice subtitling and interesting extras. Whotta great outfit it's turned out to be in its ongoing quest to bring these lost Italian gems back from oblivion.
critique2013 This film is definetly Fonda's best film. The Plot is amazing the acting is amazing and the directing is amazing. An all time classic this should have won best picture not kramer Vs. Kramer. Though it was not even nominated. Jack Lemmon and Micheal Douglas are also at their best. One of the best endings ever. If you haven't seen this film run don't walk to rent it. Should have been on afi's top 100. See it not just for Fonda but for everything.<br /><br />**** out of **** 4 out of 4
critique2014 Japan is in serious trouble. Demons have infested Edo taking possession of earthly forms and bending them to their unholy will. On top of that the rebirth of Ashura Queen of the demons is nigh. The only thing that stands against this grave threat are the Demon Wardens a fearsome group of warriors who might just be as bad as the demons themselves.<br /><br />Izumo is a retired Demon Warden who five years ago took up theater instead of Demon Slaying after accidentally killing a innocent child (In a battle that's strangely reminiscent of the bar scene from Dusk till Dawn). One night by a chance encounter he meets a beautiful and mysterious woman named Tsubaki. Their fortunes intertwine (literally) and they are bound by fate to be lovers and enemies.<br /><br />If you think this sounds like your typical Japanese Fantasy/Swordplay epic you'd be wrong. In fact there's nothing typical about Ashura. It is a hodge-podge of many different genre's of film. Those just mentioned as well as a comedy drama and romance. Director Yojiro Takita (Onmyoji) juggles the genre's fairly respectfully (Although the comedy seems forced in some scenes) and the end result is a ridiculous but really fun popcorn movie.<br /><br />To be sure there are flaws in the film. Some of the humor seems contrived and out of place. And the acting isn't the greatest. But seriously do you watch Fantasy/Swordplay/Comedy films for the great acting performances?? No we watch them for the action and the crazy CG visuals all of which Ashura has in Spades. Not to be misleading the film is not all action but it is spaced out generously enough with lots of swordplay and buckets of green blood to keep the average viewer happy.<br /><br />Bottom line; the films has it's faults and is not a martial arts epic but it doesn't try to be and it features interesting visuals and good swordplay action. The reason the film worked for me is that it never takes itself too seriously and if the viewer does the same their sure to be delighted by this fun and silly swordplay fantasy action flick.<br /><br />My Rating 7 out of 10. Fun popcorn movie.
critique2015 Dressed to Kill understandably made a bit of a ruckus when first released in 1980: you had "Police Girl" in a role that was mega-erotic as Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife looking for good times in all the wrong museums (and there into apartment elevators) plus Nancy Allen as a call-girl Michael Caine as Norman Bates's sophisticated New York cousin and enough lurid imagery to last two movies of the period. Today it's slightly less incriminating by standards and such though the unrated version has some of the most "hot" content of any of De Palma's films at least in his quasi-auteur period of the 70s and early 80s where he seemed to repeat themes over and over ideas taken right off the film-reels of Hitchcock classics and given a tawdry uplift. It's a simple tale that one partly already saw in Sisters and then again to an extent in Body Double and also in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays call-girl Liz Blake who has to clear her name of suspicion of killing Kate (Dickinson in full blown 'MILF' mode) after being found with a razor the murder weapon from Dr. Elliott's office (Michael Caine stone-cold performance most of the way).<br /><br />From the start which De Palma seems to do as a way of setting up a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way of topping the opening scene of Carrie (which perhaps he does just in editing terms) we get a series of technical knock-out turns through the point of view of style itself: the tracking shots in the museum meant to stir up more of a fascination with the process itself of following and wanting to be followed than any kind of tension; the chase through the subway (a precursor to Carlito's Way) is done with a precise level of suspense meanwhile with a slightly exploitation bit thrown in with the black gang; the character of Peter Kate's son (Keith Gordon) who plays what is essentially a younger version of the real life De Palma as a kid (science geek obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). And it's all entertaining and entrancing as hell as something that comes close to a real synthesis of what makes De Palma's thrillers so unique while being so self-consciously untainted by a fearless attitude of film-making.<br /><br />On the other hand that same self-consciousness ended up coming back to bite the director in the butt a few times in recent years and somehow in Dressed to Kill it starts to become very erratic and disappointing as the story has to wrap itself up. As the Psycho themes come together even more apparently (man who wants a sex-change doesn't even think he's killing as it is *she* who is doing it) there is an expository scene in the police station that makes the aforementioned Hitch film look like an astonishing psychological revelation. And the final scenes at Peter's house also calling painfully into recollection a much more accomplished sequence in Carrie are meant for a manipulation that even for De Palma is asking for it; the final shot especially albeit a master's class in how to copy yourself. Yet there is a very deranged and within itself perfect scene at the mental hospital amid this confused denouement where the doctor does some work on a nurse to which all the other inmates act like animals in a zoo and an over-head shot going up and up over the scene is one of the best shots of sexual/general perversion ever captured on film.<br /><br />A shame then that the film ends on such a strange and unsettling manner where up until then it is a remarkable piece of pulp cinema where class is all around in the technical aspects (soft lighting intricate camera movements seemingly so simple) amid subject matter that should be found in the mix of paperbacks for 25 cents. It's no masterpiece but I'd certainly take it over most of the director's recent thrillers any day.
critique2016 While the title "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" comes from an Irish proverb the film plays out like a Greek tragedy. It all starts with a botched robbery and continues to spiral out of control as two brothers attempt to escape the mess they've gotten themselves into.<br /><br />The cast is well-assembled with Philip Seymour Hoffman & Ethan Hawke playing the aforementioned brothers. Notable support includes Albert Finney as their father and Marisa Tomei as the wife of one brother and lover of the other. Beyond these principals the acting is unremarkable.<br /><br />The story is compelling and is told with a certain degree of verve. The narrative structure keeps things interesting by providing different points of view and frequent time shifts. That being said the film's unpredictability is somewhat muted since it becomes apparent early on that this story is a tragedy through and through. All in all a pretty impressive debut for first-time screenwriter Kelly Masterson.<br /><br />Sidney Lumet's direction is well handled but I'm more impressed by the fact that he's still directing at over eighty years old. I was less impressed by the score by Carter Burwell but it isn't a major distraction.<br /><br />In the end the film proves to be compelling viewing and while the story & presentation may have superficial similarities to other films this one remains a unique experience.
critique2017 The idea is a very smart title the film has a serious tongue in cheek feel to it. But it is so subtle you don't know how to read it! Are these guys doing a full blown comedy or is there something else going on. The little dialogue the film has isn't very delicate and this adds to the power of the film. If all the sound was switched off from the film it actually wouldn't take anything away from the film. The physical actions or the art of showing is so strong that it on its own carries the entirety of the story.<br /><br />I is a blessing and with the blessing the emotion is followed by shame. I first say this film as part of a "black" film festival. After watching the film i was so impressed by the work. But then i asked myself what next? Where can someone else see this work? The common association of art without purpose isn't to be found here. You can see the intention in the design from the start to the finish. The usage of African music the style the casting everything seems planned and for a reason. The character development is amazing. The casting i think is the strongest aspect of the film; the characters are easily defined within 2 minutes of the 6 minutes of actual film.<br /><br />We need to see more of these kinds of films there really needs to be greater support for the development of short films across the board.
critique2018 I've joined IMDb so people know what a great film this is! It's not often you come across a film that's moving and visually cinematic yet humble. You've read the plot so all I want to say is don't watch it because you want to see a clash of cultural religious identity babble because that's the typical misconception people read in toinstead just appreciate and realise it's about a father and son on a voyage growing to know each other through their struggles. Buy it and pass it on before film4 get round to it. This was one of the very few films to be nominated for a BAFTA being independent and foreign. The beauty of it is that it manages to appeal to anyone even if you never watch anything subtitled or just used to the Hollywood formula just a great story that will keep you engaged. The only thing I wish is for it to be longer and see what happens
critique2019 It's Showtime! Showtime is simply a bump in Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro's careers. It's an entertaining movie and a guilty pleasure but not quite up to the actors' standards especially not Robert's. Showtime is directed by Tom Dey and features some small roles from guys like William Shatner and Mos Def.<br /><br />Showtime is about two very different cops Mitch Preston (DeNiro) and Trey Sellars (Murphy). One takes work seriously in a low profile quiet manner while the other is more easy-going and wants to have more fun than felons in his back seat. They are both after the same felons behind a huge caper of televisions VCRs etc. They then cross paths and a TV station wants a new reality TV show so they fight crime while they are on TV. Mitch hates the publicity while Trey loves it with his line "It's Showtime!" Their TV antics and methods are shown on TV and they are the new "Cops" show. The fun begins.<br /><br />Overall Showtime is a fun action comedy. A good film but not quite up to the actors' expectations and standards. However it's rolls along as it treads and parodies reality TV shows. A good break from shows like Cops. Truly at the end just a guilty pleasure.<br /><br />My Rating: 7/10<br /><br />Eliason A.
critique2020 Niagara Niagara is a stunning and heartbreaking story about the two outsiders Seth and Marcy. Robin Tunney gives a fantastic performance as Marcy suffering from Tourette's Sydrome getting sicker and sicker as the movie progresses. This movie is not very optimistic and it's very hard emotional but at the same time very romantic. It's hard to explain but see it and find out for yourself. It's definitely worth it.
critique2021 A warm sweet and remarkably charming film about two antagonistic workers in the same shop (James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan) who are carrying on a romance via mailbox without either of them knowing it. The key to this film's success is that Ernst Lubitsch keeps any syrupy sentimentality absent and calls on his actors to give low-key unfussy performances. As a result you fall in love with virtually all of them.<br /><br />There's a strong undercurrent of melancholy running through this film which I appreciated. Loneliness is a major theme most obviously represented in the character of the shop's owner and manager played wonderfully by Frank Morgan. He discovers that he's being cuckolded by his wife and realizes that the successful life he's created for himself isn't enough to keep him from feeling lonely when he doesn't have a partner to share it. This makes the timid romance between Stewart and Sullavan all the more poignant because they're both reaching out to this unseen other who each thinks of as a soulmate before they've even met. Of course we know everything will turn out right in the end but the movie doesn't let you forget the dismal feeling either of them would feel if they found that the reality didn't live up to the fantasy.<br /><br />Lubitsch fills his movie out with a crackerjack cast that has boatloads of chemistry. The little group of shop employees refers to itself throughout the movie as a little family and that's exactly how it feels to us as well.<br /><br />This is a wonderful unsung romance.<br /><br />Grade: A+
critique2022 This is truly an excellent film with a revolutionary message (both in form and content) that should not be missed by any fan of French New Wave or Underground film. There are barely opening or closing credits--we are just dropped into the world of consumerist art revolution and youth. This film has little to do with documentary and is more interesting in playing with our ideas of advertising and its relationship to reality. Lines of real and not real are crossed in ways familiar with films discussing documentary but this time we do it for the sake of consuming and marketing not for describing the real.
critique2023 What starts out as a very predictable and somewhat drab affair is in the end quite hilarious and entertaining. "Right to Die" is not very suspenseful but it more than makes up for that with some outlandish set pieces and over the top gore.<br /><br />Spoilers here: <br /><br />Top credits also go to the dead-on performance from Martin Donovan as one of the most despicable characters ever to grace the screen. Playing the character in a great "aloof" fashion you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end when his grand plan ultimately fails. Corbin Bernsen also chews up the scenery playing a not-so-good-guy who gets his just desserts.<br /><br />End of Spoiler.<br /><br />As a revenge-from-the-dead flick "Right to Die" benefits heavily from it's performers and is more than an OK way to spend less than an hour.
critique2024 After waiting years for a definitive collection of Led Zeppelin perfomances on video fans have finally been rewarded with what is undoubtedly the greatest concert video ever! Much better than the dismal "Song Remains the Same" this video includes performances from no less than 5 different venues spanning a decade. It also includes rare interviews and TV appearances. The sound quality is amazing considering the source material used. And the video quality is even more impressive. This is an ABSOLUTE MUST for any Led Zeppelin fan.
critique2025 I enjoy Ralph Bakshi films ("Wizards" "Cool World" and the underrated animated "Lord of the Rings") and am a Frank Frazetta collector and fan. I am also a sword and sorcery fan who loves the worlds of Edgar Rice Burroughs and Robert E. Howard.<br /><br />I missed "Fire and Ice's" theatrical release back in 1983 and have looked forward to seeing it on video or at some revival ever since then. Therefore the 2005 release was a dream come true for me. However I bought it with some trepidation because I hoped it would not be only worth watching once and then put on the shelf as a "collectible" gathering dust until the day I died. Fortunately my fears were groundless and I was pleasantly impressed with this movie.<br /><br />As with Frazetta art this is a gritty film that has a physicality and sexuality that is hard to find in most fantasy/sword and sorcery films without being cheesy or dirty. The art is good and you see glimpses of Frazetta at his best. Even my young boys loved watching it with me and ask to watch it again and again. However my wife has some objections due to the scantily clad princess (very Frazetta-esquire). I don't mind that because it is believable and there is no sex scene.<br /><br />There is roto-scoping used but personally I enjoy roto-scoping. It gives more fluid and realistic movements to the characters that is hard to find in animation.<br /><br />Despite some continuity problems I recommend this film to all Bakshi Frazetta Conan and sword and sorcery fans. Enjoy!
critique2026 Those reviewers who have complained that this movie lacks plausibility or has problems of construction are missing the point. This is a wonderfully camp romance with plenty of Play gypsies! Dance gypsies! music that both sends up exotic love stories and celebrates them. Buttoned-up Ray Milland makes an amusing foil for a Dietrich with black hair tattered scarves and tons of jewelry. The character's eagerness to feed Milland and look after him more closely resembles the good German hausfrau Dietrich was off the set than her mannered vamp roles. Censorship being in force it's made clear that they share a caravan on platonic terms only with Milland fighting off Dietrich's advances with a determination remarkable for a heterosexual bachelor who might be killed any day. His only excuse is that she smells so perhaps a stuffy fastidious Englishman might indeed be put off.<br /><br />In the small role of Milland's young companion on his secret mission Bruce Lester adds a note of camp of a different kind. We are told at the beginning that he hero-worships Milland and indeed he rather fawns on him. When after they are separated he meets Milland now transformed into a brown-skinned gypsy with a shirt open to the waist his glowing appreciation of the disguise even further suggests that not only Dietrich is romantically infatuated with Milland.<br /><br />Despite the wonderfully improbable characters and sequence of events the growing love of Milland for Dietrich and his acceptance of the non-rational aspects of life is rather touching. And when on their last night alone before he escapes he says that each of them now contain half of the other the two have become one and then darkness falls I think we can assume that the censor decided to give them a break! One goof--at the beginning Milland who is supposed to be English refers to a lieutenant using the American pronunciation. (The English say "leftenant.") Since Milland was British he must have been saying it that way because the American movie-makers feared that American audiences would be distracted and confused by the British style.
critique2027 Writing about something so wonderful is completely hard. Actually it's almost impossible to describe the peculiarities of this movie. This is a marvelous story about sex and gender and it's almost unbelievable that we have not to deal with obscene scenes of sex. Feeling this film was made for people that like to feel and just to feel life in all its complexity in a gorgeous simple way. We look at it and something starts growing inside our minds even our hearts: it a pure poem. I've watched some "gay" movies and I almost always got really unsatisfied with unnecessary scenes of sex not because I don't like scenes of sex but generally they are so pornographic that I'm forced to think that the director or the producers or the writer of the script thinks that homosexuality means perversion. Nagisa no Shindobaddo is totally different from that ones. Three are the main characters. We have Ito Yoshida and Aihara two boys and a girl in a peculiar love triangle. Ito likes his best friend Yoshida Yoshida likes Aihara and Aihara likes Ito. Imagine what this could turn in unprepared hands? But in the contrary Hashiguchi makes a magnificent story which goes profoundly in the philosophy of life adding a question in our mind that made me think astonished in the end of the movie: Why? And that why expanded in multiple questions inside of my brain and inside of my heart. The scenes actually sometimes tending to be boring are moments of the most delightful poem which we are able to feel but totally unable to write down in words. And maybe because of that we are unable to understand the question in the end of the movie. I'm sure this movie was not made for us to discuss every piece of itÃ‚Â… Some people want to understand a film almost dissecting it. Others are so used to common "American gay" movies that can't appreciate the real value of this master-piece. Watch it close your eyes in the credits and feel everything feel yourself feel the wonderful song. For all this and much much more I give a nine. And I just don't give ten because ten of ten is perfection. But I confess I almost did it.
critique2028 I don't doubt that Victor McLaglen won his Best Actor Oscar for this film by dint of a three way split among the Mutiny on the Bounty leads of Clark Gable Charles Laughton and Franchot Tone who were all in the same race. But The Informer is still a fine film because John Ford wouldn't have gotten his first Best Director Oscar if it wasn't. No split involved in his award.<br /><br />The movie and the story by Liam O'Flaherty that it is based on involves a poor simpleton of a man named Gypo Nolan who was once a member of the Irish Republican Army. He was cashiered out of it for some imbecilic stunt he pulled and wants back in. He's down to his last pence and if he can't get back in wants enough for passage to America. There's a twenty pound reward for information leading to the arrest of a former comrade named Frankie McPhillip played by Wallace Ford. In a moment of weakness he goes to the Black and Tan constabulary and informs on McPhillip.<br /><br />The IRA is pretty anxious to find out who ratted McPhillip out and they're pretty certain it was McLaglen. He hasn't the wit to really cover his own tracks. He does make a feeble effort to implicate another man named Peter Mulligan played by Donald Meek. He also picks up a hanger-on played by J.M. Kerrigan.<br /><br />The whole action of The Informer takes place in 1922 in Dublin from about six in the evening to early the following morning. Of a necessity it is shot in darkness and shadows making it possibly the first noir thriller. Had it been done post World War II The Informer would have ranked as a great noir classic like Odd Man Out or the The Third Man which it bares a lot of resemblance to.<br /><br />John Ford knew this world very well. He took some time off during the Rebellion and was in Ireland at the time and had a brother who was in the IRA. His real name before having it anglicized was Sean O'Fiernan.<br /><br />Preston Foster plays the IRA commandant Dan Gallagher. In the book Gallagher is a harder and meaner man than Foster has him here. My guess is that John Ford wanted him as a sympathetic character to give movie fans some rooting interest. He makes it clear that Foster has to eliminate the informer because the Black and Tans will grab him and get quite a bit more out of him and put the whole organization in peril.<br /><br />The IRA trial scene is the highlight of the film. When Foster asks Donald Meek whether he recognizes the authority of their court Meek ain't in a position to say no. The King's justice and writ does not run here. It graphically illustrates at that point despite occupation by army troops and constabulary the British are indeed losing their grip on the population.<br /><br />Of course The Informer a rather grim story has its John Ford touches but rather fewer than you would expect. Even as McLaglen is spending his money on a drunken spree the IRA is constantly in the shadows watching him and counting every farthing.<br /><br />The Informer is a tale well told about Ireland in a grim and dismal time.
critique2029 Most people attending this film will have no idea of the great novel by Arthur Miller that is the basis of it. It's a novel that should be read by more people to see how prejudice affects and alters peoples lives.<br /><br />At the beginning Lawrence Newman is an ordinary man. The eyeglasses his boss makes him get change everything he has worked for and his whole world collapses around him little by little. There couldn't have been an actor better suited to bring this intelligent performance to the screen than William H. Macy. Not only is he a talented stage and screen actor but he projects honesty behind every character he plays. He is an everyday man caught in his own insecurities. His anxiety intensifies when he takes a stand and walks out of his job. Suddenly he has to confront the issues he has tried to avoid all his middle class existence in the Brooklyn of the 40s. Is he Jewish is he not? The cinematography in this brilliant and atmospheric film directed with sure hand by Neil Slavin kept reminding me of some Edward Hopper's paintings especially a sequence at the beginning of the film when Newman steps outside a building and the night shot when he and his wife are being followed with long black shadows behind the couple menacing and anticipating the confrontation with the bullies. Laura Dern David Paymer and especially Meat Loaf who infuses incredible depth to the bully-next-door are excellent but they all pale in comparison with the stellar turn of William H. Macy (H must stand for HONEST..) If you haven't read the book I would sincerely recommend it because no one has written more truly and convincingly than Arthur Miller has.
critique2030 I have fond memories of watching this visually dazzling film as a child in the late 70s/early 80s on wor-tv (now upn-9) in NY. Though a product of the swinging 60s this film has hardly aged. The effects are just as wonderous as 2001 and in some ways superior (the model work is flawless). With an attractive cast great color photography and set design and an evocative score JTTFSOTS is a winner!
critique2031 I thought that the love letter was a pretty good movie. There were certain things that could have made it better. But Kate Capshaw is absolutely beautiful and she showed it in this movie. I wish that there could have been a few more revealing scenes of her but it was still a very good movie. It was very fun to watch!
critique2032 Most people miss Hollywood's point of concept. If a hero can stimulate heroic deeds to the mind of a child within the confines of the law then I approve of the lessons being taught by Doc Savage.<br /><br />In all times of conflict or war the public and government look for heroes to decorate. The motion picture industry brings heroes to the screen for people to identify with - such as Doc Savage James Bond Superman Batman Spiderman and others. Doc Savage is remembered by more than one generation as being the 'best of the best' before James Bond Superman or any of the others. All others that follow Doc Savage are only a part of the character not the 'Man of Bronze'.
critique2033 I just want To say that this movie was excellent .<br /><br />I loved it from the beginning until the end. <br /><br />The acting was great .The director did an amazing job and I would like to see it again.<br /><br />Jennifer Tilly did a very good performance  The guy that interpreted his father (Manny) was another great actor BUT I CAN NOT RECALL HIS NAME .<br /><br />I can't wait for El Padrino II.<br /><br />Damian Chapa looks so good and I think he is one of the most talented actors out there. There is pleanty of Latin actors that do a great job like it is shown in this film!<br /><br />Rent It!!! Rent it !!! Rent it !!!
critique2034 Based on the memoirs of Gypsy Rose Lee who painted a much more affectionate picture of their mother than did her sister actress "Baby" June Havoc in her autobiography "Early Havoc" on which "They Shoot Horses Don't They?" was loosely based. I saw Ethyl Merman in the original Broadway production of Gypsy and she was great as "Mama Rose" but certainly more "Merman" than Rose. I was disappointed with Rosalind Russell's portrayal in the 1962 movie version. An otherwise excellent actress Russell was a very wooden substitute for Merman. Bette Midler by contrast was better and more believable than Merman and I'd recommend her performance as the definitive one.
critique2035 I just thought it was excellent and I still do. I'm grateful we're still able to see different stuff from what Hollywood almost floods us with. Saving Grace is smart and enjoyable - those who feel offended by the marijuana thing better go see the America's bride sort of movie.<br /><br />Saving Grace also shows that a funny movie doesn't have to be stupid. I was laughing my ass off during most of it but also pondering questions about what was the female lead character supposed to do to pay her deceased husband's debts.<br /><br />In a nutshell - a witty storyline with typical English humour and good acting and directing. You couldn't ask for more.<br /><br />7/10.
critique2036 Ever since seeing this film as a child over 30 years ago I never tire of watching it. From the opening scenes in the horn factory to the car motor running from the back seat of the car to Ollie answering the phone and being accidentally pushed out the window by Stan I think this was perhaps their best latter day film. After this they moved to 20th Century Fox and while those films weren't terrible they lacked the comic timing of this movie. Jimmy Finnlayson their long time foil in his last appearance with the boys showing up as the Doctor is super! quote: " I said goat milk " his reply to Stan asking him how do you milk a ghost! Charlie Hall and even Ben Turpin show up! I'd say all in all one of my favorite L & H comedies.
critique2037 Seeing Laurel without Hardy in a film seems strange yet it's entertaining all the same. It's a well done parody of what became a classic silent film and it showcases Stan's talents very well. While his pictures with Oliver Hardy were great these early solo efforts give you an idea of how skilled he was at his craft and how great he might have been had he continued in the tradition of Keaton and Chaplin as an individual star on his own. The dance sequence with his real-life wife in the cafÃƒÂ© scene is the best part of the picture and has some pretty funny bits to go with Laurel's excellent dance steps. And the bullfight climax is a gem as even the bull takes a pratfall. And I like the irony in the scene where he's buried in hats and comes up wearing his familiar Laurel and Hardy bowler hat. As much as I love the Laurel and Hardy team and feel that there was never a funnier comedy duo on screen during their prime it's nice to see them on their own once in a while (check out THE FIGHTING KENTUCKIAN that Hardy made with the Duke as another fine example.) Dale Roloff
critique2038 Can this really be a Troma movie? Some scenes almost have an "A" movie look. The acting is generally competent (the two leads and the nurse-surrogate were especially good and I liked some of the confrontations between the young Capulets and Ques); the scenes were smoothly edited; the plot is coherent. It's funny. It has a hip original sound track.<br /><br />It does have the usual Troma gross-outs and low humor but I don't think Shakespeare would have minded so much. In fact I think he might have gotten a few good laughs out of this.<br /><br />It's a good DVD. There is an alternate sound track with a very informative commentary by the director several deleted scenes and the usual collection of Troma self-deprecating silliness.<br /><br />I'm not going to tell you this was Citizen Kane but it is some pretty inspired low-budget filmmaking.
critique2039 My son was 7 years old when he saw this movie he is now on a Russian Fishing vessel and said that the movie he was most impressed with and that has lingered in his mind all of these 39 years is the movie of The Legend of the Boy and the Eagle. He has asked if it were possible for me to get this for him. I am sure that a lot of things go through his head as he has only 3 hours of daylight and he has been on this ship for 3 months and will have 3 more months before his contract expires. Since we have Indian blood he connects to this movie. On January 27th he will turn 47 years old and I would like to be able to obtain this movie for him. He lives in Thailand and has been a commercial fisherman for the past 17 years and as we all know this is one of the most dangerous jobs. Can you help me obtain this movie? Thanking you in advance Dolly Crout-Soto Deerfield Beach FL
critique2040 Viewed this GREAT Classic film of Greta Garbo and thought her performance was excellent. However the German film version which had English captions was her greatest performance. Greta Garbo even mentioned to the press that the German film was her favorite where she had to make the change from Silent films to sound. Greta had a high pitched voice and had to take lessons in order to lower her voice for her future roles in films. This story was very sad because Greta Garbo(Anna Christie)"Ninotchka"'39 was abused on a farm by young boys and her father left her years ago as a sailor and then as a coal barge captain. There were many scenes of Old NYC the Brooklyn Bridge Coney Island and the sky line of Manhattan. Charles Bickford(Matt Burke)"Days of Wine & Roses"'62 a Classic veteran actor gave a great supporting role.
critique2041 i remember watching an elizabeth montgomery movie when i was maybe 5 years old (if that) and to this day i can remember this movie (in just bits and pieces). it was the movie i remembered all throughout my life because i was sooo scared. I think i remember the story part of it and the house constantly being dark. the main part that was the most freaky to me was Elizabeth walking around the house all dark and then there was someone in the field outside. At the time I thought i was an old witch but the memory of it is now way hazy so i can't really remember who it was but it was someone definitely in a field outside lurking...and that part is what freaked me out the most. i really wish i could see this movie again. if anyone knows how to get a copy please email me at valid908@yahoo.com
critique2042 Great period piece that shows how attitudes have changed in 40 years. Great production design appealing stars great lines ("Miss Bender I don't care if you beat it out on a native drum!" says Joan Crawford's Amanda Farrow to Hope Lange when Lange incredulously asks how she is expected to read a summarize a large amount of manuscripts in a very short time). If you've seen this movie panned and scanned on TV and not in the letterboxed version on pay-TV or AMC (American Movie Classics) you haven't really seen it. Hopefully this guilty pleasure of a film will be made available soon on DVD in a letterboxed version and with it's original 4-track stereophonic soundtrack. Great opening title sequence that really catches the mood of 1959 New York while Johnny Mathis sings the "Best of Everything" theme song in an echo chamber surrounded by a chorus of violins and another chorus of background screamers. Miscarriages! Insanity! Office romance! Bitchy cold-hearted bosses! Thwarted love! It's all here to enjoy.
critique2043 This film has "haunted" me since I saw it when I was about 8 years old. I didn't know what it was called so am so pleased to have tracked it down finally. I remember being quite scared because I'd just been to a tin mine in Cornwall when I watched it so could imagine it all. Fortunately I didn't see any ghosts of dead children there but I found this film really quite disturbing and scary when I was much younger. I've certainly never forgotten it even though I couldn't find it anywhere. I seem to remember The Children's Film Foundation films being generally good but they don't show them at all any more. I also remember programmes like The Children Of Green Knowe in the same era on BBC - equally unsettling in its own way.
critique2044 Faithful to the work of Pearl S. Buck whose years spent in China as a child of Missionary parents that provided her with deep insights into the Chinese culture and its philosophy this film adaptation is brilliantly done both in technically artistry and acting.<br /><br />Wang Lung is a humble farmer grateful for the basics of life: to survive off of his land and to be newly wed to Olan a servant to a rich and powerful family in the village area. Despite Wang Lung and Olan's best efforts to farm the land raise kids and build savings and wealth a famine threatens to wipe out everything they have worked for. Choosing not to sell their land a traditional Asian belief they instead journey to a major city to wait out the famine. While in the city they are reduced to begging and being just one of hundreds of other unfortunate homeless families. Although not a looter Olan gets caught up in a mob looting at a rich man's house. She's summarily rounded up for execution by the army but is saved at the last minute. Her good fortune however is that she found valuable jewels at the looting site that affords her and her family the opportunity to return to their farm to start over again. The newly found wealth transforms Wang Lung. He becomes selfish self-centered and takes credit for the find. He becomes a very rich farmer but that only makes matters worse as he increasingly becomes more unappreciative arrogant and difficult to reason with. He loses touch with the basic things in life that money can't buy: loyalty commitment trust fairness and honesty. As punishment nature once again turns the table on Wang Lung by sending a plague of locust to destroy everything he has. Brought to his knees Wang Lung enlists the aid of all friends former friends workers and family. With all that help he succeeds in saving the farm. From that experience he once again returns to humbleness and an appreciation for the basics in life.
critique2045 Jim Henson always seemed to put out wonderful television shows. This was sadly one of the shortest lived. It was endearing to hear each tale with their delightful morals. Each episode was a new story with new characters. John Hurt did a wonderful job playing the Storyteller and the sarcastic tone of Brian Henson as the dog was always enjoyable.<br /><br />The set designs and costumes were very well done. The Muppet work when required is classic Jim Henson work. You know it is a Muppet but it's endearing appearance more than forgives. You find yourself enchanted and compelled. When each episode comes to an end you realize that you were quite entertained. An entertained that is fulfilling not the kind that wears off after a few moments. You sit back and think about each episode realizing that each story is indeed timeless and presents a strong tale of morality.<br /><br />I have yet to show this to my own children but this is indeed a series that is more than family entertainment. I implore you to find it on DVD and snatch it up. If you can't do that then just find it some how.
critique2046 I was enchanted by Niami's debut. I hope that we'll soon see more of his work. I was lucky enough to catch the film during its brief NYC run and it struck me as a worthy successor to such downtown 80s flicks as Desperately Seeking Susan and After Hours but with a gentle European whimsey that made it fresh and fun. A strong ensemble cast playing mostly against type was a pleasure. And I thought the complexly inter-threaded plots were just right. Sandra Bernhard puts in her best performance since King of Comedy while Peter Stormare is hilarious and Ling Bai touching. See it.
critique2047 Who will love my children has changed my heart it made me cry all the way through the most i cried with was when the family had to say goodbye to the baby i cried the most with that and each time a child was adopted i cried when they had to say goodbye to their mother it was sad for them to lose their mother I felt sorry for the kid with epilepsy i was glad he was adopted by the same family as one of his brothers. To me that boy i thought was the special one because he was going in a home. I feel that i am special because i am in a world with Aspergers Syndrome and sometimes when i feel down i sometimes like to cry. I really enjoyed this movie 10 out of 10. A true story very good. Another movie that would bring tears to your eyes i think would haver to be Tuesday's With Morrie (http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0207805)
critique2048 This animation TV series is simply the best way for children to learn how the human body works. Yes this is biology but they will never tell it is.<br /><br />I truly think this is the best part of this stream of "educational cartoons". I do remember you can find little books and a plastic body in several parts: skin skeleton and of course: organs.<br /><br /> In the same stream you'll find: "Il ÃƒÂ©tait une fois l'homme" which relate the human History from the big bang to the 20th century. There is: "Il ÃƒÂ©tait une fois l'espace" as well (about the space and its exploration) but that one is more a fiction than a description of the reality since it takes place in the future.
critique2049 I took part in a little mini production of this when I was a bout 8 at school and my mum bought the video for me. I've loved it ever since!! When I was younger it was the songs and spectacular dance sequences that I enjoyed but since I've watched it when I got older I appreciate more the fantastic acting and character portrayal. Oliver Reed and Ron Moody were brilliant. I can't imagine anyone else playing Bill Sykes or Fagin. Shani Wallis' Nancy if the best character for me. She put up with so much for those boys I think she's such a strong character and her final scene when... Well you know... Always makes me cry! Best musical in my opinion of all time. It's lasted all this time it will live on for many more years to come! 11/10!!
critique2050 The film gets my stamp of approval. The scene in the museum demands acting without dialogue. This is one of the most interesting and unique scenes in the history of film. Dickinson's character Kate is very well developed and her performance is felt throughout the entire film. The best work Angie Dickinson did since Point Blank!
critique2051 I have seen this film only the one time about 25 years ago and to this day I have always told people it is probably the best film I have ever seen. Considering there was no verbal dialogue and only thought dialogue i found the film to be enthralling and I even found myself holding my breath so as not to make any sound. I would highly recomend this film I wish it was available on DVD.
critique2052 Even for a 17 year old student who loves history and caught glimpses of emotion and excitement in his childhood years of this series its coming to DVD was a blessing for all time. North and South truly is a series about friendshiplovehonor... you name your own list of feelings you get from watching this series. I can still remember the first time I caught a glimpse of this series on TV when I was about 8 years old. I though wow this looks exciting. To bad I never had the chance to see book one and two on TV in the Netherlands. When book three was broad-casted as a late evening series in the Netherlands in the summer of 2004 I just knew I had to see the other two series. To most people book three was a big disappointment as far as I know. Well since I have seen book one on DVD I must say that until now it is the best of the entire 3 books. To all youngsters who just watch the fancy movies like The Patriot "Oh America for freedom" there is a more realistic view to see for them here.....
critique2053 A highly atmospheric cheapie showing great ingenuity in the use of props sets and effects (fog lighting focus) to create an eerie and moody texture. The story is farfetched the acting is merely functional but it shows how imaginative effects can develop an entire visual narrative. This movie is recommended for its mood and texture not for its story.
critique2054 Taut topical political thriller taking square aim at the controversial US policy of rendition another appalling Orwell-ian phrase (collateral damage anyone?) for the illegal interrogation even torture of terrorist suspects by-passing due legal process. The inhuman interrogation is overseen by the Egyptian Chief of Police himself the target of a fundamentalist suicide - bomb plot thus entwining the two main plot-lines of the movie. Both work very well the bombing set-piece graphic and chilling in its realism with its denouement revealed in a stylish Tarantino-type flashback and the torture scenes on an innocent man also unflinchingly portrayed in all their gory detail. The film scores telling points about the use of torture as a credible means of intelligence - gathering in the war against terrorists and against the unpoliced faceless bureaucracy (here personified by a suitable cold-steeled Meryl Streep as the CIA boss who casually gives the order for rendition) which can ruin innocent lives. Never mind Kafka's fiction think more the recent killing of the innocent Brazilian in London in 2005 with the Head of the Metropolitan police still in his job and no-one tried for the poor man's murder. The acting is excellent throughout - the two key roles of the innocent man and terrorist bomber are realistically and tellingly played by the unfamiliar actors Omar Metwally and Moa Khouas. Similarly Yigal Naor as the intimidating Chief of Police and Zineb Ouhach as his idealistic lovelorn daughter ring true with their performances their lack of familiarity (at least to me) adding to their characters' credibility. Of the bigger Hollywood names present Gyllenhaal's stature grows with succeeding films here playing the initially detached but later conscience - stricken and anguished Government man who does the right thing in the end. Witherspoon plays her distraught wife part mainly in one key but is believable all the same while David Fabrizio and Alan Arkin convincingly show up self-serving senators and their lackeys who'll only go so far to help you until their career prospects are jeopardised. There are a few weaknesses plot-wise; there's little dramatic need to create the "suspense" surrounding El-Ibrahimi's escape and Streep's character is perhaps too obvious a bogey-man/woman. Worst of all is the meaningless inclusion of Gyllenhaal's on-the-spot girlfriend around merely for decoration and a brief gratuitous love-scene. On the whole though an engrossing thought - provoking cinematic experience.
critique2055 Having reviewed 3 of the 4 Perry and Croft sitcoms I thought I would get them all done now. Dads Army is my all time favourite sitcom It ain't half hot Mum is also a classic as is You Rang M'Lord. I don't regard Hi De Hi as a classic but it is still funny.<br /><br />It's about a holiday camp similar to Butlins but instead of red coats it's yellow coats. It is ran by Jeffery Fairbrother a well meaning man but has the personality of a sock. The staff include fun entertainment manager Ted his sidekick Spike (he ended up being thrown in the swimming pool nearly every episode) yellow coat Gladys careless maid Peggy who longed to be a yellow coat and the Punch and Judy man Mr Partridge who hates kids. Situations occurred mostly round the swimming pool where someone would be thrown in every episode (with there clothes on of course).<br /><br />Not a classic but still funny. Jeffery Fairbrother left half way through so this a bit like Only Fools and Horses outstayed its welcome. Jimmy Perry was actually a red coat at Butlins.<br /><br />Best Episode: Peggy's Big Chance series 2 episode 2.
critique2056 New Yorkers contemporaneous with this film will recall how reflective of its time it is and how well cast and crew captured America New York City of that era.<br /><br />Norman Wexler's script delineates the different worlds the various sub groupings live in and Avildsen's direction brings out phenomenal performances all around. Peter Boyle's prodigious talent is on display as never before nor since. Clearly it is the best character portrayal the always likable Dennis Patrick ever accomplished.<br /><br />What I will always remember about JOE is the feeling of having been in a virtual state of shock coming out of the theater. Knowing that what the screen portrayed was seething under the surface in neighborhoods throughout the five boroughs of the City of New York.<br /><br />This film needs to be remembered.
critique2057 This familiar story of an older man/younger woman is surprisingly hard-edged. Bikers hippies free love and jail bait mix surprisingly well in this forgotten black-and-white indie effort. Lead actress Patricia Wymer as the titular "Candy" gives the finest performance of her career (spanning all of 3 drive-in epics). Wymer was precocious and fetching in THE YOUNG GRADUATES (1971) but gives a more serious performance in THE BABYSITTER. The occasional violence and periodic nudity are somewhat surprising but well-handled by the director. Leads Wymer and George E. Carey sell the May/December romance believably. There are enough similarities between THE BABYSITTER and THE YOUNG GRADUATES to make one wonder if the same director helmed the latter film as well. Patricia Wymer where are you?<br /><br />Hailing from Seattle WA Miss Wymer had appeared as a dancer on the TV rock and roll show MALIBU U before gracing the cover (as well as appearing in an eight-page spread) of the August 1968 issue of "Best For Men" a tasteful adults-only magazine. She also appeared as a coven witch in the popular 1969 cult drive-in shocker THE WITCHMAKER.<br /><br />THE BABYSITTER has finally made its home video debut as part of the eight-film BCI box set DRIVE-IN CULT CLASSICS vol. 3 which is available from Amazon.com and some retail stores such as Best Buy.
critique2058 Ever since I've been allowed to play Goldeneye once again it's been impossible to get my mind off it. I'm surprised I could have gone without it. It is without a doubt one of the greatest games of all time. I have never played any other shooting games but I know that this one rules above all. Most people blame it for too much violence but I find that ridiculous. There may be a few graphic antics but there's far worse out there.<br /><br />Most importantly it's fun. With an awesome arsenal of weapons such as the RC-P90 and the classic Golden Gun you'll go through several challenging levels from the movie completing crucial objectives and fending off swarms of guards. There are tons of awesome cheats to get and even two secret levels that you will only earn if you have the true skill. Goldeneye is also one of the greatest multiplayer games ever as well. You can choose several characters from the movie classic villains from old 007 movies (Baron Samedi Oddjob May Day and Jaws) and guards in the game. Chances are you and your partner(s) will be laughing so hard as you blow each other away that you'll look like Bart and Lisa Simpson watching an episode of the Itchy and Scratchy show. <br /><br />So if you don't have the game don't rent it: Just buy it. It's too good to be true. For cool Goldeneye stuff check out Detstar.com's Goldeneye website. Every James Bond lover will dig this game big time.
critique2059 i love this TV series so much. it contains animation that is interesting and beautiful. i cant believe that they cut it off TV and also that i never found out whether cybersix and data7 die or not apparently they survive but I'm not sure. Cybersix was by far the BEST TV show ever. i know its to late to hope they will start the series over again so I'm really glad i got to watch it. I LUVED IT SO MUCH <3 <br /><br />its about a women by the name of cybersix she is not human. She goes by adrian sieldman a man teacher at a highschool. Now cybersix is actually a women she is just disguised as a man in the day. By night cybersix patrols the city.<br /><br />A guy by the name of Von reichter is the one who created cybersix and once he finds put she is alive he uses everything he can to capture her.<br /><br />IF u have never watched it before u should totally download it. It was the best TV show in the world. Why did they cut it off???? some people have issues. but I'm glad i got to watch the 13 episodes.
critique2060 An amazing piece of film that was well-conceived and kept me on the edge of my seat. Brilliantly orchestrated in its timing and the comedy kicked in exactly when the tension needed a release. The acting was generally well-done (the "Director" should've asked Alec Guinness for acting lessons) and the shot selections were impressive (as in elongating the hall as Billy tries to race to the door in the studio). This movie didn't let up since the opening scene...
critique2061 I remember this show from Swedish television. I was only 7 years of age and it scared me beyond belief.<br /><br />I would love to revisit this series and see if it was just as excellent as remember though i suspect my taste and demands have changed.<br /><br />Although this was released before alien and a plethora of other space-thrillers i suspect that it has its root in scary movies from the 50:s and the political climate of the 70:s. When i think of it this was a real sci-fi a movie trying to discuss scientific and political questions about who we are and what we are. The term sci-fi has since then become bleak and come to be the term for any movie that has space-ships in them.
critique2062 Pre-adolescent humor is present in large quantities. The acting and story are wonderful if you can stomach the concept. Those with weak constitutions will have some difficulty since the "worms" are realistic enough to cause churning of more than a few in the audience.<br /><br />Tom Cavanagh and Hallie Kate Eisenberg stole the spotlight but the young Ty Panitz could get some serious time on screen over the next few years.<br /><br />Miss Eisenberg has developed from a cute face into a strong young actress with charm and wonderful comic delivery. <br /><br />The story does a spectacular job in dealing with bullying friendship and fairness. It creates an opportunity to discuss these topics in an open and frank manner while recalling some "gross" scene from the film.
critique2063 This is the forty minute film that introduces us to the character of the Butcher who will later be examined more thoroughly in the feature Seul Contre Tous. In this film it follows the early period of his life from 1965-1979 but focusing on the late seventies. The first images are of a slaughter of a horse then the birth of a baby the Butcher's daughter who we quickly see growing up each year. The Butcher (played by Philippe Nahon in both films) is a man bitter with the world. He hates many things. His anger comes to a head when a man assaults his autistic daughter. The Butcher then maims the wrong man and finds himself in prison.<br /><br />This film follows the butcher's life to just after his release from prison then Seul Contre Tous takes over from there. I watched the films the wrong way about Seul Contre Tous first. Try and watch this little film first if you can.
critique2064 The film "Cross Eyed" by Adam Jones propels the viewer on a ride of redemption as the main character takes back control of the wheel and sets his life in order. Adam Jones has found an imaginative and refreshing way to empower his character and actualize what matters most. These truths become apparent to both the characters and viewers as you laugh and gag to the credits with them. The simple yet attractive settings\costumes keep you guessing about what you will see next. You can't help but smile and laugh at the antics that take place in this movie. I can't wait for his sophomore effort. It is only a matter of time before Jones strikes again. Bravo!
critique2065 This film has a brilliant soundtrack and superb acting from some pretty unknown faces. I especially like the welsh docklands bad boy characters in it who strut around like American rappers acting tough. The banter between Jip and Koop is brilliant they come across as being best mates almost as if it were true in real life. I have experienced some of the things in this film and let me tell you first hand these folks ain't acting (especially the seen with Jip and Koop talking and snorting coke). Danny Dyer is priceless as Moff the 'party prescription' dealer and has the funniest lines in the film...<br /><br />"I'm happiest when i'm off my pickle feeling the music you get me.... yeaahhh! I knew you wouldn't let me down I knew it!!!"
critique2066 Footprints is a very interesting movie that is somewhat difficult to categorize. "Psychological thriller" is the most appropriate description I can think of. The female protagonist Alice Cespi discovers that she doesn't remember anything of the last three days. The only clue she has is a torn photo of a hotel. She is also haunted by a recurring very vivid dream about a science fiction movie that she believes she saw many years ago. In her pursuit of the truth behind her amnesia she doesn't trust anyone but little by little it becomes obvious that she has visited the town where the hotel is located before. This is an exciting flick whose main virtue is that it is virtually impossible to predict how the events will unfold and particularly how it will end. The unusual loneliness of the main character and the unreliability of everyone else ensure that the good old paranoid feeling is present throughout the film whereas beautiful colors and some spectacularly filmed sequences make this a visually attractive movie as well. The important part of the one and only Nicoletta Elmi everyone's all time favorite redheaded obnoxious child star of Italian horror is an extra bonus.
critique2067 This- and not a certain slightly overrated Southern Soap Opera-was the greatest epic to come out of Hollywoods greatest year 1939.I will not not restate the obvious-Cary GrantVictor McLaglen( who WAS a Bengal Lancer) and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. give superb comic performances.However I want to note two other less understood elements of this masterpiece. The Magnificent final battle sequence as the wonderful Sam Jaffe climbs laboriously up to the pinnacle of the temple to blow his bugle and warn the regiment is simply grand. It never fails to enthrall me. Yet another underrated element in the film is Eduardo Ciannelli's performance as the Guru. This is no Fu Manchu caricature but an well drawn articulate historically informed ( "Have you ever heard of Changruputra Maurya?He defeated the armies left in India by Alexander The Great")villain. Indeed one can see parallels between this mystical evil nationalist and a certain well known figure of the thirties( A German not an Indian). Gunga Din anti-Nazi tract? Not quite. But still a tremendous funny moving epic.
critique2068 'Una Giornata Particolare' is a movie that has a title that sounds so familiar I thought I had seen it more than once. Now that I finally I have seen it I am very glad. This is one of the better Italian movies I know with one of the most wonderful performances by Marcello Mastroianni who stars in other masterpieces such as 'La Dolce Vita' and '8 1/2' both from the great Federico Fellini. Directed by Ettore Scola this is a movie that takes the time to introduce the characters and slowly develops a story on a special day the day Adolf Hitler visited Rome.<br /><br />Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele the neighbor of Antonietta (Sophia Loren). She is a member of Mussolini's party pretty fanatic in her thoughts and he is a member no more. The reason for that I will not reveal. On the day every person from their building including her husband and children is out to see Hitler they are still in the building. Antonietta's bird escapes and flies to Gabriele's apartment and this is how the two meet. Right before Antonietta went to Gabriele he thought of killing himself again for reasons I will not reveal. How the story develops from here I will not reveal but it is what happens between the two that makes this such a special day not the fact that Hitler is in Rome.<br /><br />Like I said Mastroianni has a wonderful performance. You see he is a man who desperately wants someone around him although at first we don't know why. May be he likes Antonietta may be he is in love with her may be there are other reasons. Antonietta feels what we feel. What does this man want from her? She likes the attention anyway. We see how she does her hair to look attractive for the man. Loren plays the scenes very good as well. We understand her questions although we can't be sure what her intentions are. The moments where we find out both their secrets if that is what you can call it is a great moment. How the story develops from there is even more interesting but I don't want to spoil it for you. This is a movie you should see. Great performances and a beautiful cinematography and the message it gives us still stands today.
critique2069 This eloquent simple film makes a remarkably clear statement about a teenager and his father. Though a theatrical release it has a "made-for-TV" quality. We can attribute this to the director John Frankenheimer who learned his craft in the early days of live television in New York City. Indeed he directed the teleplay on which the film is based "Deal a Blow" on the CBS drama series "Climax." "Young Stranger" represents his Hollywood debut. After a hiatus of four years during which he would do more television he returned to direct "The Young Savages" with Burt Lancaster and a year after that "All Fall Down" with Warren Beatty and Angela Lansbury.<br /><br />The casting is competent with James Daly and Kim Hunter (particularly good) playing the parents of the title character performed by James MacArthur (his first theatrical film) who played the same role in the television version which was his first appearance on the small screen. Look for James Gregory and Whit Bissell in supporting roles.
critique2070 there is a story but more essentially the world of this film begins in chaos and comes to order over the course of ten minutes.<br /><br />it is a celebration of life and an optimistic assertion of objective truth and good. representing along an axis unexplored in previous cinema this film should be taught in every high school.<br /><br />*CHIASMUS*
critique2071 Ghilli is the best movie of vijay & one of the biggest hit in his career.... As I had not seen the Telegu movie so I could enjoy this movie even more.The story is about a girl wanting to escape the clutches of a local goon who wants to forcibly marry her. Since he is a goon so no body is ready to help the heroine. Vijay who had come to play a Kabaddi match there sees this and decides to help her. The rest of the movie is how vijay helps her & how the girl ultimately escapes the clutches of the goon & the goon's father's political cronies. The movie has lot of the edge of the seat thriller moments and will keep the viewer engaged till the end. Vijay is as usual very good in role of the kabaddi player. TrishaAshish Vidyarthithe bunch of vijay friends all have done their job competently. A special mention has to be made about the villain of the movie Prakashraj.The villain's character has been properly etched out and prakashraj has portrayed it very well. Surprisingly for the first time I felt sympathy for the villain in the end. The dialogue "Hi Chellam" has really caught on with the masses. The music by vidyasagar is brilliant and the song 'apadi podu' is a rage all over..Dharani has to be credited with such a nice masala movie which will be enjoyed by not just die hard vijay fans but also by the general tamil movie audience all over the world.
critique2072 ...the last time I laughed this much. It's a testament to the talent of Rowan Atkinson that he has managed to create a comic character with several layers and a clearly defined personality - without hardly ever speaking a word. The whole success of the program rests on Atkinson's shoulders but he carries it with ease. Despite the fact that the show only ran for one season anyone even vaguely in touch with pop culture recognizes the rubber-faced social 'tard so great is the talent and effort put into the performance. At times exasperating at times lovable Mr Bean is an innocent unlucky chap who also happens to be evil incarnate. The brilliance of this character cannot be put into words you have to see for yourself.<br /><br />The show gets almost too depressing at times like in the infamous New Year's Eve sketch or when Bean celebrates his birthday by going alone to a restaurant offering himself a congratulatory card signed by himself and being served a stake he doesn't quite fancy. Still there are times when you can't help but feel impressed by the inventive methods by which Bean gets himself out of trouble like when he disposes of said stake in numerous clever-ish ways or when he changes into swimming trunks without taking his trousers off first! Whatever your reaction to Bean and his unorthodox lifestyle you're bound to throw fits of laughter while watching. <br /><br />Finally I'd like to point out that although "Bean" is classified as a program for children it is just as enjoyable for any grown-up with a sense of humour. Because the more "adult" jokes will go over the heads of the little ones and the intelligent slapstick (yes there is such a thing) is funny no matter what age you are "Bean" is the truest definition of a family show. This is justly a classic and it always brightens up my day.
critique2073 well i was a teenager when i saw the movie..the songs were a huge hit but the elite class skipped govinda movies back then coz watching govinda and karishma (aka karizma )movies were not the in thing for that 'class' but anyways a lot of people liked it as the series of these movies rocked the 90's through out and most of them were successful..today i was watching it again after a long time and i remembered there was a long que of people and the riot they created when the a aa e uo uo o song came on screen....the dresses of govinda and karishma were complimentary to each other(the worst dressing duo of that time) well karisma in the late 90's transformed but govinda has still been very faithful to his designer as his dress sense remains the same...but back then it all blended it was all good ..everything worked and slowly the elite class realized what fun it was missing and then .....there was no looking back for this jodi as it went on n on making those Indian carry on series ..hated by a few but loved by the masses.<br /><br />if you are looking for a good time with nothing to do rent it or watch it on TV i don't think you will regret it...but remember its the worst at its best ..<br /><br />still i watch those movies when i get time coz i cant stop laughing...so i say go ahead and have a good time as there are times when we all love stupidity and specially when its done by the kings of their times it surely is watchable ...i recommend it to all movie lovers ...
critique2074 I was very moved by the gentle power of this movie and by the mood it created. I think it should have gotten a great deal more credit than it did. I agree that Michelle Pfeiffer should have been nominated but I think all the performances were outstanding and that Michelle Pfeiffer and Jessica Lange portrayed the deep affinity and conflicts of sisters with great emotional depth and sensitivity. Although I didn't read the book I found the modern concept of King Lear very cool. I certainly will never look at the play quite the same way again!
critique2075 Wow what can I say it was a good movie very different to all the boring remakes we see lately the only thing I would have liked to see a bit more of an ending like when Jane left her husband Im guessing she was going to Serena cause she fell for hernot just her but everything that she isI so wish Producers would actually show that sort of ending instead of leaving to it your imagination sort of ending I really hate it when they do that. The aerial acts looked like fun but I guess you'd have to be light and muscly I would like to see more movies like this one maybe the could do a sort of sequel of Jane and Serena.If I were in Jane's shoes I would have went for the girl too she was attractive.
critique2076 Years ago many big studios promoted serial films that were shown in movie theaters's in between the actual features along with a Newsreel of current events plus cartoons especially on a Saturday afternoon. (The parents loved it mostly) "The Return of Chandu" was a 12 episode serial where Chandu(Bela Lugosi)"The Mysterious Mr. Wong"'34 is a magician with super natural powers and travels to the island of Lemuria to rescue the kidnapped princess of Egypt(Nadji)Maria Alba"Dr. Terror's House of Horrors"'43. Princess Nadji is held captive by the black magic cult of Ubasti who believe that she is a reincarnation of their long-dead goddess Ossana. These 12-episode serials take you way back in time and are very well produced considering we are talking about 1934 !
critique2077 h.o.t.s. is one of those sexy 70's drive in movies that features many of playboys famous playmates from the 70's like sexy tall blonde Susan kigerPamela jean BryantLisa Londonkc winkler and the late sexy Angela Ames.and would you believe a post partridge family Danny bonaduce?its the snobby girls verses the good girls(the hots girls)led by Susan kiger.there's a couple of comedy relief gangstersa runaway beara trained sealmisplaced brasetc;etc;think animal house meets hooters.h.o.t.s. is an enjoyable little comedy with t& a no complaints here.i actually think that Susan kiger was one of playboys sexiest playmates from the 70's.she did do a few more movies including deathscreams.if you like fun drive in movies you will no doubt enjoy h.o.t.s. 7 out of 10
critique2078 I had pleasure to watch the short film "The Cure" by first time director Ryan Jafri. What really impress me are the camera work and music.<br /><br />I think many young filmmakers (as I myself am one of them) would experience hard time with cinematography when just start making of an indie. We see the output are not exactly what we imaged or below our ambitions. But this film directorial debut from a young director handled very well on screen. The camera motion color lighting compositing all contribute to the story and emotion of the film.<br /><br />And music as a key element of film language helps a great deal too.<br /><br />It's hard to portray a woman's heart her desire her fear especially in a short. But still I have to admit I am not a fan of v/o (narration) especially when the film is advanced by narration instead of shots and cuts. My personal feeling to some of the narrative part is my guess was the narrator tried a bit too hard. So the energy pushes audience back from the emotion of the film.<br /><br />Overall it's a short film nicely done I could see the input from a director. Way to go Ryan! Greeting from China looking forward to your next.<br /><br />tim
critique2079 I guess if a film has magic I don't need it to be fluid or seamless. It can skip background information go too fast in some places too slow in others etc. Magic in this film: the scene in the library. There are many minor flaws in Stanley & Iris yet they don't detract from the overall positive impact of watching people help each other in areas of life that seem the most incomprehensible the hardest to fix. Both characters are smart. Yet Stanley can't understand enough to function because he can't read; he can't read because he's had too much adventure in his childhood. Iris although well-educated hasn't had enough adventure and so can't understand how to move past the U-turn her life took. In both their faults and strengths the characters compliment each other. It may be a bit of a stretch to accept that an Iris would wind up working year after year in a factory or that a Stanley never hid his illiteracy enough to work in construction or some other better-paying job. And while these "mysteries" are explained in the course of the story their unfolding seems somewhat contrived. I assume no one took the time to rethink the script. Even so it's a good movieÃ‚Â—just imagine what De Niro Fonda and Plimpton would have done on screen if someone had!
critique2080 I've taken another look at this film and still consider it pretty good. Chloe is one of the few hardcore stars who really can act. She appears occasionally in soft core such as "Body of Love" and "Lady Chatterly's Stories" on Showtime. I thought Nicole Hilbig did OK too with her nice body and charming accent. Too bad she's not in more films.
critique2081 After five years in prison Tony le StÃƒÂ©phanois (Jean Servais) meets his dearest friends Jo (Carl MÃƒÂ¶hner) and the Italian Mario Ferrati (Robert Manuel) and they invite Tony to steal a couple of jewels from the show-window of the famous jewelry Mappin & Webb Ltd but he declines. Tony finds his former girlfriend Mado (Marie Sabouret) who became the lover of the gangster owner of the night-club L' ÃƒÂ‚ge d' Or Louis Grutter (Pierre Grasset) and he humiliates her beating on her back and taking her jewels. Then he calls Jo and Mario and proposes a burglary of the safe of the jewelry. They invite the Italian specialist in safes and elegant wolf Cesar (Perlo Vita) to join their team and they plot a perfect heist. They are successful in their plan but the D. Juan Cesar makes things go wrong when he gives a valuable ring to his mistress.<br /><br />"Du Rififi Chez les Hommes" is a magnificent film-noir certainly among the best I have seen. The screenplay has credibility supported by an awesome direction of Jules Dassin stunning performances of the cast and great cinematography. Jean Servais has outstanding performance in the role of a criminal with principles guided by the underworld rules. The famous long silent sequence of the heist is amazing and extremely tense and certainly among the best ones of the cinema history. I am listing this great movie in my list of favorite movies ever. My vote is ten.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Rififi"
critique2082 I was first introduced to "Eddie" by friends from "across-the-pond" who know I like intelligent humor. I prefer comedians who can be thought provoking while entertaining such as George Carlin and Dennis Miller. In 'Dress to Kill' Eddie provides the same type of social observation humor that stimulates your thoughts on a subject all the while causing your side to split at the same time. There is a wide range of subjects in this stand-up and they are simply hysterical. The piece on how to decide on Englebert's stage name will leave you in stitches!<br /><br />Thanks Andrew and Catherine! ... and "Do you have a Flag?"
critique2083 This is a really interesting film. It's the first time I have seen the relationship between an older woman and a younger guy on screen without it being sensationalist. For the director of Notting Hill this is a bold move to something serious
critique2084 Obviously inspired by Se7en and sometimes even more gruesome; more bloodshed and very graphic details (a bit too much for my taste). Great script and acting (I was especially impressed by Ken Stott and there were no weak points in te cast). Good cinematography and very realistic stereo-sound. One of the best thrillers I've seen since years. Although it was scheduled on BBC in three parts I watched Messiah on video in one take. One point of critic; the motivation of the villain was not very convincing.
critique2085 Its no surprise that Busey later developed a tumor in his sinus cavity this film is also a poor decision but one I enjoyed fully. The first 5 minutes is the most uninspiring 5 minutes in any film; boring bad dialouge and then with a Spiderman stance Busey yells the best-worst line in any film ever created..."your worst nightmare butthorn!" I coughed up some of my egg nog laughing so hard. That line resonates so well it even tops Clooney's infamous "hi Freeze I'm Batman" line. Other classic moments is Busey constantly getting upset for people reminding him that he got his ex-CIA partner killed...which he did by accidentally shooting him in the chest (all made possible by a super slow-motion flashback sequence that makes watching paint dry seem exciting). There's an ashtray to the nads punches to the face and a "that wasn't my fault and you know it!" Well the footage shows him missing the bad guy and hitting his buddy so... Other scream out-loud moments has to be his ex girl-friend dropping a grenade to the ground to enable his escape--a plan that defies all logic physics and absurdity. And lastly when McBain jumps out of the Thunderblast during intense guerrilla warfare and starts to run and hurdles a small object I almost wet myself. Some of Busey's best work by far rent or buy it today "butthorn!" My vote is a perfect 10 (on the poo meter that is).
critique2086 I love this movie! It has everything! Bonnie Hunt did a fantastic job co-writing directing and co-starring in this film. David Duchovny is just plain hot. and Minnie Driver is as cute as ever. combine all that talent with David Allen Grier Carol O'Connor Robert Loggia Joley Richardson and Jim Belushi you have a Oscar worthy movie! I'm surprised they didn't get one. if you haven't seen it go rent the DVD watch it once then put directors commentary on...Bonnie Hunt is Fabulous!
critique2087 This is an excellent film and is the sort of treasure that one can only catch through sporadic cinema showings as it is unavailable on video/DVD. The way that the film begins with the two lovers arriving and ends with them leaving (although quite a lot happens in between and they don't stay in one place during this time) gives you a sense of closure and a feeling that all is right with the world. If you get a chance to see this film then do. I can't wait to see it again and wish that it could be put on general release.
critique2088 Having read many of the other reviews for this film on the IMDb there is ostensibly a consensus amongst purists that this film is nothing like the books upon which it is based. Upon this point I cannot comment having never actually read any of the protagonists adventures previously. However what I can say with certainty is that it strikes me that many of the said reviewers must have surely undergone a sense of humour bypass; Let's be honest here - this film is just so much fun!<br /><br />OKÃ‚Â…..so I must concede the point that the film apparently is not representative of the character/s but let's put this into a clear perspectiveÃ‚Â…..do the same individuals who are carping on about this film also bemoan the fact that the classic 1960's Batman series does not remain faithful to the original DC comic book character? Or perhaps is there STILL unrest in same persons that the 1980 film version of Flash Gordon was too much of a departure from the original series?<br /><br />The point is yes this film is incredibly camp but that's precisely its charm!<br /><br />Former Tarzan Ron Ely plays the eponymous hero in this (and bears more than a passing resemblance to Gary Busey to boot!) and is backed up by a great supporting cast who all look to be having a ball with their respective roles. Also look out for a very brief but highly welcome appearance by horror movie favourite Michael Berryman.<br /><br />Best scene? Far too many to choose from but check out the hilarious facial expressions adopted by the waiter when Savage and his men commit the ultimate faux pas of ordering coke lemonade and milk at a formal occasion! Also the often noted scene near the end of the film wherein Savage tackles his nemesis Captain Seas utilising various martial arts disciplines which are labelled on screen! Ã‚Â– Priceless!<br /><br />Simply put the film doesn't take itself at all seriously and is all the more fun for it. Great fun from start to finish! (and you'll be singing the John Phillip Sousa adapted theme song for days afterwards guaranteed!)
critique2089 I swore I would never allow myself to devolve into to the bogus authority figures of the sixties who told me things were better in the "good old days" Ã‚Â– the current Australian Prime Minister is a sordid example of just such a mind set.<br /><br />But I switched over to "A Decade Under the Influence" because I found watching the much-heralded "Sneakers" documentary on the other channel such a dispiriting experience. I found the values expressed by the "Sneakers" interviewees too ugly to accept as reasonable. So materialistic! So devoid of any sense of outrage at a society that can countenance killing someone to steal his very ugly shoes! So lacking in any worthwhile purpose that they can report without distaste the exploitation an audience by haranguing them to hold those shoes above their heads to lock in a sponsorship deal for themselves with a company of cobblers was just too much to continue watching.<br /><br />"A Decade Under the Influence" depicted a completely different response to the fruit of stupidity corruption and concupiscence in high (and low) places.<br /><br />I have noted the change in film-making that accompanied the exposure of America's disastrous foreign policy debacles in Vietnam and so many less reported places in my www.peterhenderson.com.au website. "A Decade Under the Influence" documents the precise moment at which that change took place.<br /><br />Before the seventies the armed forces were depicted in American films as an invincible fighting force comprised of decent human beings who transmogrified into conquering heroes on the battlefield. After the seventies they are generally portrayed as a dispirited rabble misled by a bunch of bureaucrat clowns in the Pentagon Before the seventies the FBI agent and the honest cop tended to be depicted as your friend and protector. After the seventies the FBI agents were all incompetent and the best a cop could aspire to was to ignore their foolishness and his superior's corruption and uphold justice in his own idiosyncratic manner.<br /><br />Before the seventies the archetypical American "little guy" the "average Joe" the Jimmy Stewart type would face down the problems encountered and thereby gain some insight into underlying wisdom of his elected leaders and justice of the "American Way". After the seventies Kevin Costner usurps that role but now he is the voice of one crying out in the wilderness for evil to be exposed or accepting his lot and making out the best he can.<br /><br />And now those "old time religion" mindsets have been stripped of any honesty and righteousness and portrayed (with a certain amount of justification) as sanctimonious bigotry and self-serving hypocrisy.<br /><br />"A Decade Under the Influence" tells it like it was. "A Decade Under the Influence" tells it like it is now. It depicts the redemption of the American film industry from the hands of the artistically morally and intellectually bankrupt studio moguls. It shows the storming of the Hollywood Bastille by the independent film makers who promised to get a disillusioned and tired audience back into the cinemas. The fact that their failures were numerous and at times disastrous merely underlines the greatness of their achievement. An achievement reflected in the adventurous and questioning attitudes of the big box office stars such as Clooney Daman Affleck etc and the directors and producers who provide the vehicles for their talent.
critique2090 This Batman movie isn't quite as good as Batman mask of The Phantasm and Batman and Mr. Freeze subzero But it is still a good installment to the Batman cartoons I say it is equally good as Batman Beyond The Movie. This movie is good for all the same reasons The storyline is good not quite as good as the other one's but still pretty good it has lots of action in it The Cartoon effects are good The voice of actors are really good such as Kevin Conroy as Batman/ Bruce Wayne Tara Strong as Barbra Gordon Efrem Zimbalist Jr. Eli Marienthal as Robin. The villains are good such as Kyra Sedgwick as Batwoman David Ogden Stiers as The Pequin Hector Elizondo as Bane. So I am sure you will not be disappointed with batman Mystery of The Batwomen. So make sure that you rent or buy batman Mystery of The Batwoman the movie because it is really good.<br /><br />Overall score: ******* out of ********** <br /><br />*** out of *****
critique2091 Don't you ever miss the good old days when Disney actually made great movies that really moved you? Growing up with Disney I always found myself being captivated by the characters. Every single one seemed truly talented and knew how to act their way through a movie. I remember Friday nights and running to turn on the TV just to watch their newest movies. Susie Q was one of my all time favorites. I never forgot this movie. Even till this day when one mentions the song "Susie Q" I always remember the movie. If anyone is thinking of watching this movie I promise you you will fall in love with it. I don't think I will ever be able to forget it. You will not regret watching it. <br /><br />Unfortunately it's sad to see Disney movies such as "The Hannah Montana Movie" come out. What ever happened to Disney?
critique2092 I actually went to see this movie with low expectations since it was the only one that fit my schedule. And amazingly I found it really original. I have commented on other Colombian films before and I agree that Colombian movies tend to have a similar scheme and always try to make reference to the average vulgar peopleespecially trying to make jokes out of the continuous cursing. But let's face it the language used in this film is not especially exaggerated. Unfortunately this is how real people speak. The storyline and the pacing are brilliant and it could be extrapolated to any country in the world The acting was great and the script is to me one of the best ones ever produced in Colombian soil. I think that anyone around the globe can get a good one hour and a half of entertainment with a beautifully well directed bluffing black humor comedy. It kind of reminded me of films like snatch and others of the sort. I highly recommend it and hope it can be viewed by more people since Colombian movies seem to have started to be more internationally focused since last year.
critique2093 I am fifteen years old and have seen thirty-three of Sinatra's films (not counting videos of TV shows and documentaries) and have been unimpressed by only two of them. ''Till the Clouds Roll By" and "The Miracle of the Bells" don't really count however considering that in the first all he does is sing a magnificent "Ol' Man River" and in the latter he's not half bad-only the picture is pathetic. My favorite records radio shows TV shows and movies concerning Sinatra change virtually every day-everything taking on a different connotation at each viewing and occasionally seeming the best thing he ever did and occasionally the worst until the cycle comes around again but there are a couple things that are beyond comparison. When it comes to movies "The Man with the Golden Arm" heads that list. Everybody who knows anything about Sinatra knows he thought this was his best-ever performance; he was Oscar-nominated; it was the first serious look at drug addiction; etc.etc. The jazz score is unforgettable Kim Novak's likable despite a ludicrous accent Eleanor Parker is annoying and waaaay too dramatic the turtle-like Arnold Stang is amusing the first time but more embarrassing every time out and Darren McGavin makes a wonderfully slimy drug dealer the sets are unconvincing - at first glance it seems a peculiar mixed bag tossed together by the great Otto Preminger with an off-center charm. <br /><br />Then you come to Sinatra. Like everything else in his life - other than music - reports of his acting are alway divided in half. Directors like Fred Zinnemann Frank Capra Billy Wilder Stanley Kramer Martin Scorsese Peter Bogdanovich and Otto Preminger all agreed that had Sinatra worked as hard on his films as he did on singing he'd have been among the greatest actors in the world - if not THE greatest. Humphrey Bogart even said"This guy has the most natural acting talent I've ever seen." Not bad for a man who never took an acting lesson in his life was at the same time producing the discography that would make him "the greatest singer of the 20th Century" and did almost all his scenes in one take. <br /><br />In direct conflict with all of this are those other reviews and biographies that sniff haughtily about what a lousy actor was this Mr.Sinatra and how many "bad" movies he made. The question will never be answered to everyone's satisfaction because controversy was among Sinatra's greatest assets and both arguments were in a sense playing into his hand. In any case at this time in this role Sinatra is magnificent. A reviewer said in the late fifties"Sinatra may not be the greatest actor in the world but there is none more fascinating to watch." No matter what Sinatra is doing in a film it's hard to take your eyes off him. This of course is a "charisma" that I've only seen in a handful of other people-Orson Welles Richard Burton Marlon Brando Montgomery Clift-perhaps James Cagney. There's no real definition for it and it often makes it hard to figure out whether you're really enjoying a performance or just spellbound but that quality on display here is what makes the movie. Sinatra is downright riveting real intense - transcending decades and thousands of paper-doll pop stars with something called quality. Like it or not this is a one-man show with a few character actors hanging around in the background. He covers every emotion with remarkable subtlety from sweet lonely tenderness with Kim Novak to the terrifying shock of Frank Sinatra (Frank Sinatra!) whimpering and screaming in the agony of "cold turkey." Sinatra was right - this is his best performance. No question. <br /><br />I was eight when Frank Sinatra died. I wasn't around for all the years of bobby-soxers and ''Anchors Aweigh'' Mr. Ava Gardner and ''From Here to Eternity" albums with lamp posts and ''swingin' lovers" Kennedy Vegas ring-a- ding ding. Basie and Mia and Reagan and concerts from Madison Square Garden to South Africa to the White House to the Sands. I can't say I like Sinatra because I heard him at the Paramount or because I hear "September of My Years" autobiographically-the usual excuses. And my excuse? When I was eleven I watched a movie called "On the Town"...
critique2094 Oh those sneaky Italians. It's not the first time they based a movie on source material without the permission or knowledge of the in this case author of the novel. Of course this is not something that is typically Italian but got done quite a lot in the early days of cinema mostly because they often thought they would be able to get away with it. James M. Cain's publishers managed to keep this movie off American screens until 1976 but nevertheless the movie itself has grown a bit into a well known classic.<br /><br />The movie is not as great to watch as the 1946 American version but it's a great movie nevertheless. This of course not in the least is due to the movie it's great strong story that is an intriguing one and provides the movie with some great characters and realism. It follows the novel quite closely and is therefore mostly the same as other movie versions of its story with of course as a difference that it got set in an Italian environment.<br /><br />Leave it up to the Italians to make a movie about life and the real people in it. These early drama's always have a very realistic feeling over it and are therefore also quite involving to watch. Unfortunately the movie lost some of its power toward the end when the movie started to feel a bit overlong and dragging in parts. The movie could had easily ended 15 minutes earlier.<br /><br />Nevertheless I don't really have much else negative to say about this movie. It's simply a greatly made one based on some equally great and strong source material. Quite an impressive directorial debut for Luchino Visconti who continued to direct some many more great and memorable Italian dramatic movies.<br /><br />8/10
critique2095 This is a totally delightful and unexpected film. You start by following a young person who hopes to get into the qualifying football game between Bahrain and Iran. If Iran win they will get into the 2006 World Cup in Germany. The problem is the young person is a girl and girls (or women for that matter) are not allowed into football matches to "sit with men". What follows is a wonderful comedy played with consummate skill by a small ensemble cast. The film explores the absurdity of restrictions on the freedom of women (and for that matter the young soldiers who have to corral them). There are some excellent set pieces not least when one of the girls must go to the toilet and of course the stadium has no toilets for women. The camera work is of the simplest and in some ways this story could have been told as a stage play. Yet it is the small scale that gives the film its bite. Great cinema? No probably not; great entertainment - for sure.
critique2096 A very well directed version of Eric Bogosian's stage play. Well worth checking out for Bogosian's great characters and for anyone who wants to see how to bring a play to the movies correctly.
critique2097 In the mid-1930s Hollywood was regaining its confidence after the difficulties of the talkie transition. Although all the technical problems of sound had been solved very quickly it took longer to resolve the questions of how talking pictures should look how they should be structured and how they should be acted. The Informer is a key picture in that it shows the extent to which wordless moments can convey story asserting the power images without ignoring the necessities of sound and dialogue.<br /><br />This is not to say the Informer is truly a throwback to the golden days of the silents. For one thing many silent pictures were not so purely visual in their narrative and were overburdened with title cards. But what the Informer has is the self-assuredness to extend moments between dialogues to focus on reactions more than speeches and to let shots play out simply for atmosphere.<br /><br />Director John Ford for all his capability was a filmmaker who appears to have put in effort in proportion to how interested he was in the material. If he thought a story was silly he just did it half-arsed. Luckily the Informer with its depiction of community honour working class life and most importantly Irish setting was everything Ford loved and the result is one of his finest works. In it Ford only really employs too kinds of shot. The first is of places Ã‚Â– the Dublin streets shrouded in mist and darkness so their furthest depths cannot be seen; dingy interiors where the walls and ceilings seem to press in on us. The second is of faces striking close-ups against plain backgrounds usually without dialogue focusing us upon the inner conflicts of these people.<br /><br />Lead man Victor McLaglen fits perfectly within this character and this manner of filming him. McLaglen's performance does not look like much being as it is about 90% drunk act. But the other 10% is heartfelt emoting as here and there his Gypo Nolan has what alcoholics refer to as a moment of clarity. With such performances are Oscars won. McLaglen is backed by a spot-on supporting cast among whom there are no weak links. In particular it is nice to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor usually only seen in comic relief roles playing straight dramatic parts for once (although Meek's appearance does contain one or two jokes the tone of the scene and much of his manner is serious). Not only do these two deliver incredibly deep performances their familiarity to most viewers as comedy players gives an added note of poignancy to their part in this tragedy.<br /><br />RKO who produced the Informer were perhaps the most adventurous and willing to take risks of all the major studios. Thanks to this we are able to see a dismal story with a despicable anti-hero at its centre which could easily have been a clunky over-earnest mess instead filled with a moody atmosphere and depth of character which keeps us watching and draws us into its world.
critique2098 In The White Balloon and Crimson Gold the two other films by Jafar Panahi that I've seen the director mines surprising amounts of depth in subjects that seem on the surface slight. In Offside Panahi's seriocomic tribute to Iranian women standing up for their rights I don't think he's as successful. Not that what he's saying isn't important of course (and it's too bad that like pretty much every other Panahi film Iranians can't see it). But after a while the film feels a tad flat and it feels long even at 90 minutes. Not saying I didn't like it though. The actors are all fantastic and the celebration at the end of the film is infectious. But it's not an important work in my opinion.
critique2099 ...I saw this on cable back in the late 1980's as I was a big wrestling fan since 1986. I saw this on VHS in a 'for sale' bin and bought it.<br /><br />In 1998 I started training as a wrestler after the Air Force and would always go back to watching this to see how it was a very accurate portrayal of people that are involved with wrestling ( families and friends that wouldn't understand us the travel the heartbreak etc. ). Henry Winkler is funny and sometimes sad to watch as nobody else can understand what a genius he is creatively. A great way to separate himself The Fonz character he played on Happy Days at the time. Plus look at the cast...William Daniels ( Knight Rider ) Polly Holiday ( Alice ) and wrestlers Roddy Piper and Chavo Guerrero Sr. If you get a chance watch it.
critique2100 I wasn't sure at first if I was watching a documentary propaganda film or dramatic presentation. I guess given the time of production it was a mix of all three.<br /><br />Admittedly the dramatic plot was somewhat predictable. But you had a sense that there would be some interesting scenes as the movie went on. We were able to witness what appeared to be realistic training regimens and equipment.<br /><br />Where this movie came together for me was closer to the end. The scenes had a realism (at least as I perceived it) that I haven't encountered often before. You could place yourself in the action and imagine the thoughts of the young combatants. This was mixed in with the usual problems of portraying passable Japanese soldiers at a time when you might think real Japanese actors would be somewhat scarce.<br /><br />The movie is excellent as a source of the state of the American mindset in 1943 as the war waged with Japan. Also of interest was a dig at the Japanese with respect to the help the USA gave Japan in past years.
critique2101 I wish the series had not ended so soon. Although the acting may not be the greatest in the world it does end on a positive note and does teach morals and values to the viewers. Hilary Swank did a good job of portraying a High School student who had lost her parents etc. Miyagi was great as in the previous 3!! If you are not into the happy ending this movie like the previous 3 in the series is not for you. This day in which we live you can not see enough about the bad guys getting what they deserve and the good guys coming out on top. The Bible teaches that good will always triumph over evil. That is exactly what happens in this one. It is a great family movie. Please see it if you have not already.
critique2102 I watched the first few moments on TCM a few years ago but stopped after about 15 minutes. I saw it listed on the schedule at the Stanford Theatre in Palo Alto and I vowed I would make the 40 minute drive. The Stanford is an old fashioned movie house that starts each movie with the curtains still shut Yes they have curtains. They opened as the Fox logo fanfare began to play. When "The Best of Everything" appeared in huge pink letters spread against the New York City skyline I knew I was right for waiting.<br /><br />I lapped this movie up. There were so many little moments that added to the look and feel of the movie: When Hope Lange walks into the publishing office for the first time the titles of the magazines published there are etched on the glass (The Teenager and Elegance); Joan Crawford's swanky apron that she wore so she could serve her guests at her party without mussing her outfit; the way the camera tilted to indicate how crazy Suzy Parker was becoming (it was almost sideways at one point); how Hope Lange kept living at that dumpy flat she shared with the others even though she obviously was making a lot more money than at the beginning of the film (guess it was too scandalous for a single gal to live alone).<br /><br />Hope Lange was so beautiful; so was Suzy Parker. And how about Mark Goddard in a non-speaking role. I fell in love with him when I was a kid watching Lost in Space.<br /><br />Seeing this gem on the big screen prompted me to plan another trek down to the Stanford to see The Old Dark House. Incidentally I bought a small soda and popcorn at the concession stand and I was taken aback when the worker asked me for two bucks.
critique2103 Co-directed by and starring Rutger Hauer this film short was based on a short story by Dutch writer Harry Murlisch.<br /><br />In the 10 minutes of the film's length you will get to see a life-time as 'Harry' unravels his long-time fascination with a room he passes constantly in his youth. Returning to the city many years later he finds he has rented the same room.<br /><br />Using black and white film the textures are accentuated in this delicate telling of a tale. The voice of 'Harry' drawing you into his world.<br /><br />A subtle tight performance from Rutger Hauer and 2 non-speaking characters. Wonderful soundtrack by Dutch musician Dyzack.<br /><br />At the moment difficult to see this movie as it is only available on DVD region 2 "L'infidele" (Liv Ullman) as a bonus track. But is due to be on the re-released DVD of "The Hitcher" - another tight but very different performance from Hauer!<br /><br />See this film if you can!
critique2104 Another nice entry in the Crime Doctor series #4/10 with atmospheric almost noirish black and white photography and some splendid Spanish American backdrops and sets. And a more off-the-wall storyline too!<br /><br />A man who looks like the insane murderer of his first two wives is found dead in a locked room after a dramatic dinner party. The Crime Doctor is on the scene (ostensibly as a guest) to immediately and resignedly proclaim it murder and so we are presented with a quite weird set of people to mull over for one of them did the deed. Was it the frothing brother of the dead 1st wife the 3rd wife and rich widow Hilary Brooke the dancing brother and sister vampires the intense young man the eccentric cabinet maker Lloyd Corrigan on loan from Boston Blackie the irreplaceable butler or odds-on Jerome Cowan? Police Inspector Emory Parnell had his work cut out but Warner Baxter as Ordway was as unflappable as ever in working it all out. One of the goofs listed on the IMDb is wrong: On breaking into the murder room Ordway says "Right through the centre of the forehead" and Cowan replies "He didn't miss this time". Favorite bits: Baxter and Cowan travelling through club sandwiches and beer at the nightclub to make amends for their interrupted dinner party; The scene where the Braga's place of repose is seemingly rumbled. The plot does seem to meander a bit at times and the way it was all explained off was perhaps more worthy of Monogram but leaving it in the air as supernatural wouldn't do either!<br /><br />Well worth a watch if you already like the genre you won't be disappointed unless you really don't like the genre.
critique2105 El Mar directed by Catalonian director Agusti Villarona and based on the novel by Blai Bonet offers a glimpse of the Spanish history as seen by a Balearic author that takes the viewer back to the days of the civil war in that country. The movie concentrates on three friends and follows them from those early days during the onset of the war in Majorca to a few years later as two of those friends meet again when they are at a sanatorium lost in the countryside.<br /><br />We first meet three boys that are playing happily. Not everything is what it seems. The tragic death of one of them points out about the cruelty of the one that commits the evil deed. The boys have excluded a young girl about their age from taking part in their games.<br /><br />When we meet the adult Ramallo again he is on his way to a sanatorium. He seems to be suffering from tuberculosis. To his surprise Manuel Tur one of his boyhood friends is also being treated and the young girl that was not welcomed to participate in their games is now one of the nuns that supervise their health care. It is obvious that Tur looks at Ramallo in a way that only means he is in love with the tough bully. Their relationship will have devastating consequences.<br /><br />Roger Casamajor does a good job with portraying the older Ramallo. Bruno Bergonzino makes an impression as Tur the vulnerable youth. Antonia Torrens plays Sor Francisca with conviction. Angela Molina puts an appearance as Carmen the wife of the caretaker of the institution. Simon Andreu is perfect as Alcantara.<br /><br />"El Mar" is a dark film that clearly shows Agusti Villarona's talents in making the novel come alive for the viewer.
critique2106 'The Rookie' was a wonderful movie about the second chances life holds for us and also puts an emotional thought over the audience making them realize that your dreams can come true. If you loved 'Remember the Titans' 'The Rookie' is the movie for you!! It's the feel good movie of the year and it is the perfect movie for all ages. 'The Rookie' hits a major home run!
critique2107 Absolutely enjoyable singing and dancing movie starring Frank Sinatra and gen Kelly as well as Kathryn Grayson.<br /><br />The film won and Oscar for George E. Stoll's score and it garnered nominations for Best Picture Best Actor for Kelly and Best Cinematography as well as a Best Son nomination for "I Fall in Love Too Easily" sung by Sinatra.<br /><br />It was a cute story about Kelly helping his pal Sinatra get a girl and falling in love with her himself. The lovely Grayson (The Toast of New Orleans) dazzled us with her singing and we had a lot of great songs and dance routines by Kelly and Sinatra as well as the artistry of pianist-conductor JosÃƒÂ© Iturbi.<br /><br />A classic Hollywood music from an era gone by.
critique2108 I feel at a loss so brilliant is this film. Kieslowski is a writer a philosopher; and while an excellent filmmaker his greatness lies in his writing; and "Red" is his paradigm. This film is a metafictional study of the artist's judgement in the creation of his fictional world; of how an artist can attempt to remake life -- even his own -- thru his art even as he cannot escape the knowledge that no matter how he involves himself in his story it is still fiction and he is still outside of his remade world still burdened with its unreality and the reality of the life he has tried to artistically remake. And magically all of this is not to the smallest degree at the expense of a wonderful story about the mysteries of love and fate and the characters who live out this story this pre-judged destiny. If I had to choose I might nominate this the greatest film ever made.
critique2109 It's too bad iameracing wants to deny the reality of Faulkner's and Clarence Brown's purpose in the creating of the story and film of "Intruder In The Dust". I suppose the burden of a history of racism is difficult for any Southerner to bear and I can understand that. But to say that this film was not specifically about racism is ridiculous and inaccurate. YES (to borrow your use of the upper case) iameracing there are many many many places where blacks and white people in the South get along quite well. But to deny the way that black people were and sometimes still are forced to live the conditions and injustices they have had to endure are not imaginary. Sometimes black and white people got along because of genuine affection and understanding. Sometimes it was only as long as blacks 'knew their place'. The point of making Juano Hernandez character (in film and print) a somewhat prickly type not warm and fuzzy was to underscore the fact that bigotry is wrong in and of itself and human rights are just that for everyone regardless of whether we like a particular individual or not. <br /><br />It would do iameracing good to stop denying the existence of racism and the great harm it has done to Americans of all stripes. The fact is that black people (among others) did not as a rule not an exception receive the benefits of the justice system as even-handedly as whites. Segregation discrimination and lynching are historical fact. People like iameracing might claim these things were not as widespread as some think and would probably love to exonerate their ancestors and heroes from any connection with such behavior. It would be a wonderful thing if iameracing's Southern ancestors (if any)never participated in any of the horrible racist actions that mar this country's history and I hope they didn't. If that is so congratulations to them but that fact if true does not erase the fact that others did. And even if the horrible things that were done to blacks in the South (and other areas let's not forget the Draft Riots of the Civil War Era)were only half as numerous only a third does that make them any less horrible? Is the murder of ten children the hanging of ten men the sexual assault of ten women any less horrible than the same things happening to a hundred? <br /><br />Iameracing asks us to get the "Mississippi Burning" chip off of our shoulders before we see "Intruder In The Dust" well I ask you did the murders of the civil rights activists happen or not? Why should that be forgotten? Forgiven? Maybe. But in order to prevent their recurrence they cannot be forgotten or revised into minor occurrences. The racism that is displayed in "Intruder In The Dust" is displayed there quite purposely. It is there to make a point. <br /><br />On a cinematically historical level it is also ridiculous for iameracing to discount the racial angle. Any viewer of films that were filmed before the 1960's knows that black actors/characters/extras were usually deliberately cast. To judge from our movie history; wars were always fought by middle aged white men; There were no black people in the Old West; it was possible to walk down a street in a major city and never encounter a black person; there were no black hospital orderliestaxi driversclerks salespeople etc. Blacks were almost never cast with regard to a role unless race was a factor. If Falukner (and Brown) had wanted to tell a simple murder story he probably would not have made the Hernandez character black. <br /><br />Racism exists iameracing. Probably for different reasons I am sure we both wish that it didn't but it does. Wanting things to be the way we would like them to be probably can't be helped but it still does not make them so.
critique2110 Excellent episode movie ala Pulp Fiction. 7 days - 7 suicides. It doesn't get more depressing than this. Movie rating: 8/10 Music rating: 10/10
critique2111 This is a thoughtful film that lays bare the inequities of the so-called upper class and those who work for them the haves and have-nots. Robert Shaw does a creditable job in his role as the obliging correct chauffeur Steven Ledbetter who helps Lady Franklin (Sarah Miles) overcome her mental depression at the outset. However Steven has many mixed feelings regarding this lady of the upper class. He inevitably falls in love with her which of course is overstepping the societal boundaries that separate them.<br /><br />I have not read anything prior to this and only judge the movie as I have seen it. I consider it a very honest story about the realities of daily living and the conflict of what we might wish or expect from life and what we get. It's a fine drama worth seeing again.
critique2112 I love this movie because every single element of it is nothing less than excellent. I will quickly praise a few of them. Peter O'Toole gives us one of his great performances as he becomes the definitive Mr. Chips. Petula Clark has a beautiful voice and is perfect as Katharine. The director was able to bring the story to the screen in a fresh new way. Combine that with the fantastic and creative cinematography editing writing etc. and you have a film that shows the fine quality of its production. I can't praise the well-planned camera work enough it moves us up and around zooming in and out giving us the best views of and letting the locations become part of the scene. Petula Clark's last song 'YOU AND I' is just 3 beautifully composed long takes and in this era of 2 second takes I can appreciate the extra care that everyone involved had to give to get those long scenes perfect. The music is great and the songs move the story along just as they should. Leslie Bricusse is one of my favorite composers. Listen to these songs how could anyone not like them? This is a very romantic story between two people nearing middle age that find each other bring out the best in each other and it lasts till the end of their lives. Excellent production values acting camera work and music make this movie well worth watching.
critique2113 What do you do if you're Aishwarya Rai coming off of a blockbuster film like 'Devdas' with some skeptical critics still relentlessly unsatisfied with your astounding performance or convinced by your strong screen presence and stellar acting skills what do you do? Go home sit down and pout? No. If you're Aishwarya Rai you sign yourself up for the next strong period piece that comes along and continue to prove yourself worthy of all the praise kudos great scripts and equally great roles. And that's just what she did with and in 'Chokher Bali - a passion play' where she stars and shines as Binodini a young widow who causes controversy way ahead of her time. Directed by Rituparno Ghosh {who later goes on to direct her in the equally stellar 'Raincoat'} Prasenjit Chatterjee {Devdas in Bengali} costars.
critique2114 If you believe that any given war movie can make you really feel the war you need to see "Letyat zhuravli" (called "The Cranes are Flying" in English). It tells the story of Veronika (Tatiana Samoylova) and Boris (Aleksey Batalov) who are in love on the verge of WWII. They are walking along the waterfront watching the cranes fly by when the war starts. Boris is promptly sent off to war. Veronika hides out with a family and ends up marrying the son whom she does not love. Boris meanwhile continues trotting through the countryside fighting the Nazis and experiencing all the horrors of war until he he runs out of energy. When Veronika - working in a military hospital - receives this news she refuses to accept it until Boris' body arrives home on one of the trains. Simultaneously the radio announces that Germany has surrendered and the Allied Powers have won the war; the Soviet Union lost 27 million citizens but it's the start of a new era.<br /><br />This movie did a very good job showing the human impact of the war not only in the battlefield but also how it affected the civilian population. This is definitely a movie that everyone should see.
critique2115 This early Anime movie was a rather good film that I caught once on the Science Fiction channel when Anime was actually popular here in America and not the ratings disaster that adult swim claims it is on the cartoon network. I quite frankly think it has less to do with it being less popular and more with the fact people would rather now buy dvds are watch the episodes uncut on the internet. This film though probably did not have all that many cuts and the voice work was okay for a dubbed movie though I would rather watch the original Japanese version. Americans tend to use some rather annoying voices for children in anything dubbed. This film features a young boy who boards a train called the Galaxy Express in the hopes that he can make it to a planet that has the technology to turn him into a robot. He wishes to become a robot to avenge his mother who was brutally murdered at the hands of a robot who hunts humans for fun. During the course of his adventures he becomes friends with the various workers aboard the train as well as a woman that resembles his deceased mother a beautiful woman named Matel who as with most woman in Anime movies has a secret that could either be really good for our young hero or really bad. He goes from planet to planet too as the train makes various stops and he runs into a space pirate named Captain Harlock who apparently starred in his own animated cartoon series so basically the Galaxy Express takes place in that universe. All in all a very good ride with a rather strange and unexpected ending. There would be a sequel to this one but it was not quite as good as this one however the ending was a bit more final than it was here.
critique2116 Expecting to see a "cute little film" from mainland China I was ill-prepared. Family dynamics community and the inevitability of change have rarely been explored so expertly on film. Every character is solid and I was completely drawn into the story. The organization is much more complex than American audiences will be accustomed to. Yet there is no difficulty following the progression even while reading subtitles. Jiang Wu as the retarded brother is a constant shining light. Leave your cynicism in your locker. It will be there when you check out.
critique2117 I have complained to ABC about the cancellation of six degrees. If enough people do the same then it could be enough to bring this fabulous show back to life!! Just go onto the official site and the rest is simple enough. I do not understand why this show has been cancelled. What a fantastic show cast and characters. The whole concept is gripping viewing! I am astounded that my favourite show is over after just one series. Why is this? Six degrees is phenomenal it's better than so many other TV programmes out there! Until I heard they were stopping it from a friend it hadn't even occurred to me that this might happen.
critique2118 Any film in the early days of Orson Welles is a triumph all the way to The third Man with Joseph Cotton. He is also wonderful in a Touch Of Evil. Please see them all! He tends to get pompous and self serving in films like F is for Fake really stupid waste of film.Don't waste your time watching it. it is really ignorant. Orson Welles is a film icon and anyone studying film should see everything he has filmed. All his leading ladies are tremendous but in the end Welles became a fat drunk like his character in A Touch Of Evil! For some reason Orson Welles had a way with women I see how he could be considered attractive in his youth not like Gary Cooper or Joseph Cotton or Cary GrantJohn Wayne I could go on and on but I digress... and because I am a womanI can see the attraction to him. He (Orson Welles) is one of the last true film makers and unless you count the film-makers of today: Tarantino Scorscese Spike Lee most of the film makers just don't measure up to the film makers of the Forties! I know there are many more great film makers of today but in such a short amount of time I can't name them all. No Offense to any of the great film makers of this millennium! August 212006. Please remind me of some current up and coming film makers I don't want to be stuck in the past! I love some of the films out now but rarely are there any that I would put on a "100 best" list.. "Hustle and Flow" was great so was "Fargo" and "Oh Brother where art thou" from a line in Sullivan's travels; another fine film from the forties! Can anyone give me a best list for the 90's and on up to 2006? I would like to know who to watch! Thank you! Also Props to this website! Where else can you plug a film or boo it! i love the ranting and raving from regular folks like me who can say what I want and I promise not to spoil any film for someone who hasn't seen it yet!
critique2119 How often do you see a film of any kind that has a talent show with refreshments? Waldo's Last Stand is a refreshment. Here Waldo is selling lemonade but isn't making any money. Alfalfa Spanky Darla Mickey and Buckwheat come to visit him which is ironic because in both 3 Men In A Tub and Came The Brawn where there was competition between Alfalfa and Waldo for Darla's affection. Back to the story: The Gang taste the lemonade to see if Waldo made it right. One funny moment is when Alfalfa gets a glass cup for lemonade and Waldo fills is and gives it to Darla and Alfalfa has an angry expression on his face. Spanky proposes a floor show to go with the lemonade and even Mickey agrees ever so cute. When the floor show begins there is no one at the barn but then a customer comes in (Froggy). Spanky asks him if he wants lemonade but all he does is nod no. Spanky asks him numbers of time in the short and every time Froggy nods no Spanky displays many expressions on his face which is funny. Spanky tries many ways to make him thirsty. One way is when after Mickey said ever so cutely "Those crackers are salty and they made me thirsty". There is also many entertain musical bit is this short. The opening number is by Darla which she tap dances and sings. The second includes Alfalfa singing off-key (as usually) with Mickey Leonard Spanky and Buckwheat about "How dry I am!" (I believe they sing that to make Froggy thirsty. It also made me laugh.). The closing number includes boys and girls all dressed up in an old fashion way. This was Waldo's last Our Gang short. A grand musical short that is a pure 10 out of 10.
critique2120 Absolute must see documentary for anyone interested in getting to the bottom of this story. Told with unflinching eye and with gripping style. If you think conspiracy theories are for paranoid disturbed people this could change your mind. Something for you feds too: A good model for government coverups! If you like your news all tidy and easy to consume this is not for you.
critique2121 Anybody interested what black film making was like in the 70's watch this film. Some the dialog in this film is so funny IE the summary of my submission. Also watch out for the boom mic to show up in some of the scenes as well as some of the best karate action ever. Don't take this movie seriously or you will be disappointed go into it with an open mind and step into the world of one the the baddest mutha in the world Dolemite!!! Editing wise its put together like it was sliced with a razor but once again this film is so much more than what you see in the movie it has influenced the black community in ways you cant understand!!!
critique2122 Eddie Murphy plays Chandler Jarrell a man who devotes his time to finding lost children. When the beautiful Kee Nang {Charlotte Lewis} enters his life she tells him he is the chosen one and he must find the Golden Child. Sceptical and driven purely by lust and intrigue Jarrell gets involved without realising he's about to embark on a fantastical journey one that involves peril and worst of all the demon Sardo Numspa.<br /><br />Is The Golden Child a product of its time? by that i mean was Eddie Murphy and The Golden Child's popularity exclusive to the late 1980s audiences?. For i can remember vividly how much this film entertained folk back in that decade it's box office was $79817937 making it the 8th biggest earner of 1986 but since the 80s faded from memory it has become the in thing to deny Eddie Murphy pictures the comedy accolades that they actually once had. The Golden Child is not up with the more accepted 80s Murphy pictures like Trading Places and Beverly Hills Cop but upon revisiting the film recently i personally find that it contains Murphy at his wisecracking quipping and charming best! seriously!.<br /><br />Cashing in on a fantasy action formula that was reinvigorated and temp-lated by Raiders Of The Lost Ark in 1981 The Golden Child hits all the required genre buttons. Pretty girl daring reluctant-hero with a quip in his armoury dashing villain {Charles Dance so English i could kiss him myself} wonderful colour and a cute kid with mystical powers the film only asks you to get involved in the fun not to dissect and digress its worth as a cranial fantasy picture. Yes the CGI demon looks creaky now and yes the genre had far better pictures in the 80s 90s and beyond but really if you agree with the disgraceful rating of 5 here on this site then you may just be taking this genre a little too serious seriously. 7/10
critique2123 Its a spoof its an intelligent comedy it has some a pathetic action and choreography (and mind it it is intentional) good hummable songs good performances by the entire cast brilliant by Amir Salman and Paresh and over all an script which is so rare in Indian cinema that too in comedy (watch David Dhawan Harmesh Malhotra etc). Story is of two wastrels whose only aim is to get rich and famous by any which ways. They come across one such way when they find out that a rich NRI is coming India to get married. Rest of the story is about oneupmanship and how these wastrels try to out wit each other. Entire cast is perfectly cast right from Deven Verma till Viju Khote. Songs are rightly placed and are funny. Surprise package is Salman who acts with perfect timing and this particular act gave him his style of comedy.<br /><br />All an all a fum film which you should not ignore if you like and watch Indian Cinema.
critique2124 This is the best television series for children (and adults) ever. John Hurt is a great actor with many excellent performances over many years but he was born to play the storyteller. The scripts for almost every episode are superb pieces of craftsmanship and the productions run the gamut of the emotions being alternately funny sad happy exciting and always hauntingly beautiful. It is hard to pick a best episode from so many excellent contenders but "The Soldier and Death" with its timeless pathos is unbeatable. It is a series to watch with your children over and over again.
critique2125 Imaginary Heroes is a 2004 film starring Sigourney Weaver Jeff Daniels Emile Hirsch Michelle Williams and Kip Pardue.<br /><br />The story concerns a dysfunctional family that becomes even more dysfunctional when the oldest child (Pardue) commits suicide.<br /><br />"Ordinary People" has been mentioned often in relation to this film; it's sort of "Ordinary People" with a role reversal. The mother in this case Sandy Travis (Weaver) is more accessible than the father Ben (Daniels) who is clearly devastated and unable to cope. Like "Ordinary People" the younger son Tim (Hirsch) is the focus of the film.<br /><br />For me the film was absorbing enough to keep watching but has a curious detachment about it. There were some wonderful interactions - mother and son mother and neighbor brother and sister (Williams) and some good offbeat moments. What never clicked was Ben being any part of that family or having any chemistry with Sandy. This seems to have been the goal of director/writer Dan Harris. In one scene in a grocery store the checkout kid assumes Sandy is "about 30" and gives her his phone number. In almost the next scene Daniels asks Sandy if she wants plastic surgery for her birthday. Weaver was 55 when this film was made actually probably 54 and looks phenomenal. So what is Ben looking at? However there's something askew about Ben's complete detachment because the viewer doesn't really see how Daniels ever WAS attached to that family.<br /><br />The end has a couple of twists and also some very touching scenes. Everyone is very good with Weaver and Hirsch being the standouts.<br /><br />There's not a tremendous amount of dialogue in this movie and lots of stares. The script could have been sharper. But "Imaginary Heroes" is a good effort.
critique2126 This is a pretty silly film including what may well be the least erotic come-on ever to make it to the big screen (the heroine pours V-8 all over herself and invites the hero to lick it off -- yuck!). And yet it also features the resplendent Lucinda Dickey in what is far and away her most erotic performance. In those long ago days women -- even action heroines -- with real muscles were a rarity and I can still remember the way my jaw dropped when Dickey took off her shirt revealing the most powerfully built female back and biceps I'd ever seen. Dickey's beauty and vitality carry the film: she could have been a female Schwarzenegger if anybody had had the vision to promote her.
critique2127 Amazing Grace has a languid feel to it as it tells a contemporary story of various lives in an apartment building. The language spoken is Hebrew but the drama could take place in any modern city. It observes family values romantic relationships and age group characteristics with equal aplomb. It does not judge the characters only present them in a straight forward manner as they strive to work out their individual problems in this modern world. The quality of acting is very good and the observations made on the characters are astute and sharp. I appreciate this flowing film very much.
critique2128 For unknown reasons this beautiful masterpiece didn't get well-deserved recognition and has been vastly under-appreciated by many American movie critics. So it's easy to understand that I've met lots of troubles trying to find this movie. Finally I watched it and it was so beautiful sincere and poignant that for the first time in my life I watched one movie five times in one week after getting the tape. The story is focused on the friendship between two young boys Erik and Dexter eleven and twelve years old who are very different from each other but they are becoming the best (and only) friends. The beauty and sincerity of their friendship have been shown in the Cure so sincere and naturally as it has never been before. There are so many beautiful heartfelt and poignant scenes (particularly on the river) which strike the heart and can't leave any human indifferent to them. The movie also is full of incredibly powerful and emotional symbolism (particularly strong with Erik's shoe) which also greatly increases visual impression from such beautiful work. The story written by Robert Kuhn is well written and on the contrary to overwhelming majority of modern Hollywood's products practically every scene every phrase and every sentence in the movie is meaningful and bring something important about characters and relations between them. Peter Horton who as I know had no major experience in movie directing before showed his great abilities and talents in this sphere. The cinematography is also superb with perfectly selected locations for the movie but the most important is perfect acting which with all above mentioned makes The Cure one of the best movies ever. Both Brad Renfro as Erik and Joseph Mazello as Dexter created wonderful atmosphere of sincere friendship and magnificent chemistry between two main characters. Only one this movie (I haven't seen most of their other works) is enough to name them as one of the best actors of their generation. Annabelle Sciorra also give a terrific performance as Dexter's mother. It's terribly sad that such talented actors didn't get wide recognition while numerous overrated stars enjoy enormous publicity and huge salaries. Finally it would be unfair not to mention amazing soundtrack written by David Grusin and terrific Mark Cohn's song (one of the best songs that I've ever heard in the movies) My Great Escape. So all that I can say about The Cure is one simple word Ã‚Â– great. At any point of view this movie is a beautiful heartfelt and inspiring work of all people involved in making of this masterpiece. I have to credit all those people who put their hearts and souls into the movie and Universal Pictures which among numerous formulaic commercial projects has found a way to make such a beautiful movie. But such movie so rarely come to movie theaters that very often studios themselves don't realize what gem they have made that they're unable to provide respective marketing campaign. The only one minor drawback about The Cure for me is its short length (only 97 minutes). <br /><br />I don't want to write more about the movie because it's simply impossible to put its beauty and sincerity into words so if you have any opportunity for watching The Cure rent it or buy it and you wouldn't be disappointed. <br /><br />10 out of 10. Sorry for my bad English.
critique2129 It's a genuine shame that this spin-off TV series inspired by the superior made-for-TV pictures "The Night Stalker" and "The Night Strangler" only lasted a single season and twenty episodes because at its best this program offered an often winning and highly entertaining blend of sharp cynical humor (Carl Kolchak's spirited verbal sparring matches with perpetually irascible and long-suffering editor Tony Vincenzo were always a treat to watch and hear) clever writing nifty supernatural menaces (gotta love the offbeat and original creatures in "The Spanish Moss Murders" "The Sentry" and "Horror in the Heights" plus you can't go wrong with such tried'n'true fright favorites as zombies vampires werewolves and witches) colorful characters lively acting from a raft of cool guest stars (legendary biker flick icon William Smith got a rare chance to tackle a heroic lead in "The Energy Eater" while other episodes featured great veteran character actors like Keenan Wynn John Fiedler John Dehner Severn Darden and William Daniels in juicy roles) effective moments of genuine suspense (the sewer-set climax of "The Spanish Moss Murders" in particular was truly harrowing) and best of all the one and only Darren McGavin in peak zesty form as the brash aggressive and excitable but basically decent brave and honest small-time Chicago Illinois newspaper reporter Carl Kolchak.<br /><br />Kolchak was the quintessential 70's everyman protagonist a wily and quick-witted fellow with a strong nose for a tasty scoop and an unfortunate knack for getting into all kinds of trouble. Moreover the occasionally bumbling Kolchak was anything but superhuman; he usually either tripped or stumbled while running away from a deadly threat yet possessed a certain inner strength and courage that enabled him to save the human race time and time again from all kinds of lethal otherworldly foes. Kolchak was surrounded by a handful of enjoyable secondary characters: Simon Oakland was perfect as Carl's chronically ill-tempered boss Tony Vincenzo Jack Grinnage as the prissy Ron Updyke made for an ideal comic foil Ruth McDevitt was simply delightful as the sweet Miss Emily Cowles and Carol Ann Susi was likewise a lot of fun as eager beaver rookie Monique Marmelstein (who alas disappeared after popping up in only three episodes). Granted the show did suffer from lackluster make-up and special effects (the titular lycanthrope in "The Werewolf" unfortunately resembles a Yorkshire terrier!) and the latter episodes boasted a few laughably silly monsters (the headless motorcyclist in "Chopper" Cathy Lee Crosby as Helen of Troy in "The Youth Killer') but even the second-rate shows are redeemed by the program's trademark wickedly sly sardonic wit and McGavin's boundless vitality and engagingly scrappy presence.
critique2130 For those of you who have no idea what Bug Juice is or was it was a children's reality show about real kids living at summer camp. Bug Juice is the show that inspired me to go to camp. It was full of romance friendships fights overcoming your fears and dealing with the struggles of living away from home for 2 months. It was an amazing show that is no longer shown on t.v. regularly but is amazing non-the-less. The show was never dull and always attracted my attention. It's really nice for kids who have never been to a summer camp to really see what it's like before going. Plus Disney did a really good job of picking camps to showcase because who wants to see a show that's at a camp for like only a week. The length of the camps where perfect for this show and the environment they where in was fantastic. They where camps all over the U.S. that each provided unique activities for the campers. It was a truly amazing unscripted show.
critique2131 For a movie like this there's always something to follow by in years to come. Clive Barker the man who brought "Hellraiser" makes a horror movie that is part-Goth part-Mythology and all horror in-between. "Nightbreed" are a bunch of mutants who only come out at night and roam the place called Midian. Now a man name Boone(Craig Sheffer) claims to suffer hallucinations he goes to this shrink Dr. Decker(David Croneberg) who "helps" Boone with his problems. Unaware of this situation Decker claims to be a purist which he's only a hate-monger in disguise. Boone however goes into Midian and make the claim that he's one of the mutants there. But a mutant named Peloquin(Oliver Parker) sees Boone as meat! His bite however spares Boone so after he is killed by a gauntlet of fire arms he's one of them now. After being mislead by Decker Boone does everything in his power to protect Lori(Anne Bobby) from him. Lori saves a mutant from the sun and in return helps the others as well. I liked the lady mutants one who gives a smoky "kiss of death" and the Porcupine Woman who dreamed Boone show off her power that is so seductive and deadly at the same time. I've enjoyed this horror movie all the way and the rule of it is never trust a shrink! Rating 3.5 out of 5 stars!
critique2132 A most recommendable masterpiece not only for the underlying themes of the story but also for the unmatchably brilliant and ingenious picture work of Angelopoulos not to mention the acting of giants Mastroianni and Moreau and the remarkable character play by Ilias Logothethis. Gregory Karr's performance may seem overshadowed by his "tough" partners' at first stance but in fact he perfectly plays his character which is revealed in his very last scene with the girl (Khrysikou) and the man (Mastroianni) albeit hinted beforehand. (Hence the spoiler.)<br /><br />Get your expectations straight! It's an "art movie" in whatever meaning that phrase has to offer and requires attention. Not for spending free time but for watching an artwork with the necessary concentration as in reading a book or attending a concert. Due to the overall photographic style large screen viewing is recommended.<br /><br />Dialogues are used sparingly. But the film includes -in addition to the standard Greek and English speaking- fragments spoken in Albanian Kurdish and Turkish which will be attractive for those who are charmed by the beauty in hearing various languages.
critique2133 The answer.....No sadly not. Though miller and the sweep has to be hailed as a most whimsical cinematic treat.The drama suspenseromance and the unidentified crowd at the end all add to the films complex storyline which must have been too much for the audiences of 1898. A enlightening experience one for all the family!
critique2134 And I do not understand why the show gets so much beating. In my opinion this show really is excellent. Well the first two episodes were not that great but it picks up a load of momentum at the third episode. Which seems to be typical for a Steve Moffat sitcom. I would rate it among the best sitcoms Britain has ever produced.<br /><br />The show itself is a farce at its best it is not along the lines of Fawlty Towers but you definitely can rank it as high as a Black Adder Coupling or The Young Ones! I am watching the first season and all I can say is that I am happy I bought the DVD!<br /><br />The problem probably with this show is and why it got smacked so hard according to the internet that the original press release compared it to Fawlty Towers and everyone was disappointed it was not! Well even Green Wing is closer to Fawlty Towers than this show all I can say is clear your mind from every prejudice give the show at least a run until (including episode 3) and then decide for yourself!<br /><br />All I can say is thanks Steve Moffat for writing it and thanks for the entire staff pulling it off!
critique2135 Wow its been quite a while since I've watched anything so mysterious in the way it is portrayed.<br /><br />A Detective Story uses old fashioned black and white images to portray a private investigator who dresses in an old fashioned trench coat and hat. The theme of this animation is reminiscent of that of Sam Spayed which was briefly mentioned by Ash.<br /><br />Sick of spying on cheating house wives because of his clients Ash was offered a chance to track down a "computer hacker" which he thought was a worthwhile chance for a four figure sum he could not turn down and the rest is history.<br /><br />The ending was a little bit bland but still okay. For those out there who like old fashion stories this is the one for you.
critique2136 I guess when "Beat Street" made a national appearance "Flashdance" came at the same time. The problem with "Flashdance" is that there was only one break dancing scene and the rest was jazz dance and ballet. That was one of the reasons why "Beat Street" was better. The only movie that could rival "Beat Street" seems to be "Footloose" because both movies focused on how dance had been used by people to express their utmost feelings.<br /><br />The break-dance scenes in "Beat Street" come just before the middle and at the end of the flick. And I loved all of them. Almost all of the break tricks were featured in the break jam scenes: the jackhammer the flares the head spins the suicide sit the crazy legs the mortal the forward flip the figure four---almost everything.<br /><br />Like "The Warriors" "Beat Street" does have violence related to the gang life in the hip hop world...but in a much less violent way than the former. The only major fight scene in "Beat Street" was when graffiti artist Ramon (which in the movie was abbreviated as "Ramo") is chased by a rival gang member on the New York City subway tracks.....fighting each other on the third rail and both dying by electrocution on that rail. Well although that chase scene ended tragically it was better that they died that way than having blood exploding from a gang gunshot.<br /><br />Most of the gang stuff in the flick was graffiti related to the hip-hop culture and rap music. A lot of rap music appeared in the flick because hip-hop members used rap music as a diversion to the negative aspects of gang life. Even the theme song of the movie which closed the curtain to the flick was not just an homage to hip-hop culture--it also was an homage to the death of Ramon.<br /><br />By the way during the dance scene called 'Tango Tango' I guess the female drummer in the pit orchestra conducted by actress Rae Dawn Chong was Sheila E. making a cameo appearance.
critique2137 Well the movie is basically about the last days of a specific Russian regiment stationed in Afghansitan before the main troop withdrawal in 1985. The movie accurately portrays the grim realities of Russian army that have made it infamous: "dedovshina" (officers and NCOs physically harassing beating and humiliating younger recruits) mixed character of war (you can trade with your enemy one day and kill him the next) life of women at the front lines documentary footages of helicopter assaults and coffins being soldered and sent home in heave C-130 Hercules class Russian cargo planes with tracer to jam Stinger missiles fatigue boredom anti-war sentiment emotional side simply put. The there's some action scenes but they are poorly done and often are illogical like Major Bandura's suicidal walk and turning of his back to 10-year-old kid armed with AK-47 who's father he just killed. Also the fact that in the middle of firefight in the mountains heavy grenade launcher pops out of nowhere (and any half-bright person knows that it's virtually impossible to hump 40-50 lns launcher on the march anyone). But at the same time films shows that war is a dirty affair where murder is sometimes condoned wanton destruction of whole villages for little or no reason is normal indiscriminate killing of civilians is overlooked as collateral damage inevitable during war... Some food for thought as to why Afghan war as lost.. Not the best war movie made but profound and intelligent enough to be worth watching.
critique2138 So what constitutes a real independent film? In a day and age where the latest fad of mainstream hollywood is to appear rugged and cutting edge I'm sorry to say that what the general public tends to perceive as independent film is usually nothing more than a clever marketing ploy.<br /><br />Which is why we should be glad that films like "Hatred of a Minute" exist. Across the board this film makes a point out of contradicting its own template (indie horror film). Love it or hate it "Hatred" isn't afraid of being what it is and in watching this film you get the real sense that Kallio (the director) didn't just make this film to spray fake blood all over the place he's in this to tell stories. Good ones. You may find this film in the horror film section of your video store but don't be fooled this story is also about love about good people pushed over the edge and that oh-so-distant light at the end of the tunnel.<br /><br />If you expect smut or an Evil Dead ripoff stay away from this film. But if you dig the finer points of the horror/suspense genres check this film out.<br /><br />Yes. Bruce Campbell did produce this movie and I'm sure he's proud to tell anyone that it's not "Evil Dead". Bruce has never tried to bank on his "ash" image and it's obvious that he didn't get involved with "Hatred" so that it could do so either.<br /><br />My advice though to all Dead-ites rabidly devouring anything issued by Mr. Campbell is to check this film out anyway and see what else Mr. Kallio and Mr. Campbell are trying to show you.<br /><br />The acting is well done although nothing about this film is oscar caliber (perhaps intentionally) it's good to see compassionate performances in a horror film. So often actors in films such as these don't even seem to try with "Hatred" it seemed as though all the actors took thier charecters very seriously never resorting to typical horror-film campiness.<br /><br />Technically "Hatred" is about as competent as indie film gets. The editing is fast paced the cinematography is good given the budget and "Hatred" keeps a quick pace without any bog-down points or bad anti-climaxes.<br /><br />All in all Hatred may not have the glossed over look of all those multi-million dollar fake indies but personally I don't see a problem with that. It's a film by folks who actually care about the medium. People who reached into thier broke ass pockets pulled out thier nickles and dimes threw caution to the wind and made a damn good movie.<br /><br />Check this one out.
critique2139 Before George Clooney directed Sam Rockwell in his directorial debut "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind" they starred together in this movie. George Clooney also was involved with this movie as a producer along with Steven Soderbergh which shows that they really believed in this project. In potential this also seems like a fine and entertaining project that is in the same line with movie-remakes such as "Ocean's Eleven" and "The Italian Job" but somehow this movie is only halve successful or at least it isn't as good as it could had been.<br /><br />The movie its characters are all being played by some fine well known actors but a shame is that the characters are not really given enough room to develop. Even though in their potential they could had turned into fun and enjoyable characters they are now only characters that mildly entertain because mostly of some of the more quirky sequences that are in the movie. The fact that they are being played doesn't change much to this even though they prevent their characters from ever becoming a total bore or perhaps even annoying or anything like that at all.<br /><br />It's of course due to the writing that the characters aren't used to their full potential. I can only assume that the original Italian movie "I Soliti ignoti" works out much better than this movie does. The movie relies too much on its simple story and predictable way of storytelling.<br /><br />Nevertheless the movie is simply still a very fun one to watch maybe because of that very same simplicity. It's an harmless little caper movie in which you simply shouldn't to worry much about the story. In that regard "Welcome to Collinwood" is still a movie that works out and simply serves its purpose well.<br /><br />It's a movie that you won't regret watching once you've finished it but it also is a movie you can really easily do without ever seeing.<br /><br />7/10
critique2140 I think the consensus is pretty unanimous about this recent TV miniseries: it's okay but it's a far cry from "Lonesome Dove." It gets compared to the latter simply because this a prequel to that famous story. <br /><br />"Commanche Moon" is definitely worth a watch for any fan of westerns. Just don't expect it to be as intense as "Lonesome Dove." Steve Zahn and Karl Urban are not Robert Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones and the characters they play aren't as strong as how Duvall and Jones portrayed the same two guys. Some say it's unfair to criticize this movie because of the comparison but you have to compare it - it's the story of the same two leading Texas Ranger characters: "Woodrow Call" and "Gus McCrae."<br /><br />The main difference I found was that this prequel is a lot of slower and more relational (the two Rangers and their women) at times. Yet I didn't mind that because the two main women were pretty ladies and generally likable and agreeable people. They were played nicely by Linda Cardelini ("Clara Forsythe") and Elizabeth Banks ("Maggie.").. They helped make this long movie palatable. If you've seen pictures of women in the Old West none of them looked half as pretty as Cardelini and Banks though. They were a joy for these male eyes to ogle. Maggie's son "Newt" was a wonderful kid too - the kind of boy every parent would want..<br /><br />The most interesting character I thought turned out to be "Inish Scull" played by Val Kilmer. As in the western film "Tombstone" Kilmer almost steals the show from the leads. "Scull" is really an original if I ever saw one: a strange dude indeed. <br /><br />Actually all of the supporting actors in here did a fine job from Keith Robinson's "Deets" to Wes Studi as "Buffalo Hump." I always find Studi to be fascinating no matter what role he plays. I wish he had had a bigger role in this miniseries.<br /><br />One thing this film has in common with "Lonesome Dove" and other good westerns: the scenery and photography. It's just beautiful at times and is a joy to watch. We also have an excellent director of this film: Simon Wincer who directed "Lonesome Dove" and an another outstanding TV western "Crossfire Trail." He also did two of my other favorite feature films both based in his home country of Australia: "Phar Lap" and "Quigley Down Under."<br /><br />Unfortunately although I enjoyed this "Commanche Moon" is nothing as good as the above-mentioned films.Yet I still watched all of it and was sorry it ended if that makes any sense. It made me want to watch Woodrow and Gus again this time with Tommy Lee and Robert.<br /><br />Note: The title page says this is 360 minutes. That must have included the TV commercials. The two-disc DVD version I saw was about 4 hours and 40 minutes.
critique2141 In the '70s Charlton Heston starred in sci-fi flicks of varying quality. "Soylent Green" is one of the better ones. He plays Robert Thorn a detective in 2022 New York. In this future most food is so expensive that everyone needs a product called Soylent Green. But when Thorn finds out the unsavory truth about this product he finds himself on the run.<br /><br />I guess that it's only natural that this movie should seem dated to us nowadays. But even so it still brings up interesting questions about what will become of our agriculture. Also starring Leigh Taylor-Young Chuck Connors Brock Peters Joseph Cotten and Edward G. Robinson (in his final role).
critique2142 I found the memorable quotes searching for video clips; they forgot one of my favorites...<br /><br />Old Person 1: You know I remember the first time they played that thing. <br /><br />Old Person 2: You remember pterodactyls. <br /><br />Old Person 1: And I can remember you fell for that hook line and sinker. <br /><br />Old Person 2: Oh I did not. <br /><br />Old Lady: You did so. You put a big bucket on your head and took off with them army boys to fight Martians. <br /><br />Old Person 2: Ain't you dead yet?
critique2143 Thankfully saw this on a plane to Singapore recently (thought I'd missed it at the Cinemalaya filmfest). Paris je t'aime is a collection of 20 short films (about 5 mins each) by 20 directors showing love in various pockets of contemporary Paris.<br /><br />One of my fave segments is 'Parc Monceau' by Alfonso Cuarn (Great Expectations Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban) which was done in one continuous shot and features Nick Nolte.<br /><br />The Coen brothers' 'Tuileries' starring Steve Buscemi as a tourist in the metro was hilarious ! Juliette Binoche and Willem Dafoe in 'Place des Victoires' was haunting.<br /><br />For Maggie Gyllenhaal as an American actress/druggie in 'Quartier des Enfants Rouges' to have portrayed anticipation and heartbreak in such a short period of time was just brilliant.<br /><br />Elijah Wood as a vampire victim in 'Quartier de la Madeleine' was pretty surreal while Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell played a cute couple in Wes Craven's 'Pre-Lachaise'.<br /><br />Natalie Portman was beautiful as usual as the actress girlfriend of a visually impaired French boy in 'Faubourg Saint-Denis'. But despite the many portrayals of young love a more mature execution by Gena Rowlands in 'Quartier Latin' was equally aww-inducing.<br /><br />This movie is perfect for those with ADHD because each sequence is driven and carefully thought of.<br /><br />There are also a number of memorable quotes. One in particular is this one from a cheating husband who eventually leaves his mistress to stay with his dying wife in her last days: "In pretending to be a man in love he became a man in love."
critique2144 Its about time that Gunga Din is released on DVD. I cannot accurately say how many times I have watched this fine film but I never tire of it. The lead actors worked so well together. Victor Mclaglen (Sgt McChesney) Cary Grant (Sgt Cutter) and Douglas Fairbanks Jr (Sgt Ballentine) are an unbeatable team.<br /><br />I just cannot get over their exploits in India. Your first glimpse at the Sergeants Three is when you see them engaged in fighting with other soldiers over a so-called treasure Map. The three Sergeants are sent on an expedition to find out what happened to the communications line an they enter a mostly deserted town- or so they think.<br /><br />They engage in the necessary repairs and soon find a few "residents" in hiding. Soon after they get attacked by a group of madmen and barely make an escape back to base.<br /><br />Later they are sent on another mission which gives Sgt Cutter a chance to go hunting for the Gold with Din. They find the temple of gold and are trapped by the evil Kali supporters. Din is sent to fetch help and Cutter gets captured. Soon McChesney and Ballentine arrive with Din and they are too captured.<br /><br />Faced with being killed they watch helplessly as their Regiment comes to rescue them. The evil doers watch and are about to spring their surprise attack when a wounded Din climbs onto the golden dome and blows his bugle which then alerts the British to the ambush. In doing this Din is shot dead.<br /><br />The Soldiers attack the evil ones and soon defeat them. At the end Din is honored as he is made an honorary Corporal in the British Army.
critique2145 I am a huge fan of Harald Zwart and I just knew that I had to see this movie even though I can't say I'm a soccer fan. But watching this just filled my heart with joy and I had a great time in the movies watching it.<br /><br />BjÃƒÂ¸rn Fast Nagell does a tremendous job directing this movie and even though you notice the main characters are new at acting they grow with the movie and makes it what it is. Even though it is supposed to be a soccer movie there is surprisingly little soccer in it. The whole idea is to show the six guys making up the word N O R W A Y on their trip to the World Cup in soccer playing in Germany this year. <br /><br />If you're only gonna see one Norwegian movie this year this is the one..
critique2146 Not sure why the other comment on this film was so negative but I loved this movie. I am a student of Asian art with a particular love of Korean art culture and history. I thought this movie borough a very controversial and interesting character to life. Jang Seung-up is one of the (maybe the most) famous Korean artist and continues to be revered as a master. Given the tumult of the time in which he painted and his own conflicted nature it is amazing that he produced so much work in so many styles and with such skill. This movie honors his talent while taking a direct look at his erratic and somewhat self-destructive personality. The cinematography in MY opinion was beautiful many of the outdoor panoramic shots looked like Korean landscape paintings (which I found a lovely conceit rather than "overly arty") and I think that Choi Min-sik portrayed Jang Seun-up with a necessary intensity and unpredictability. I would highly recommend this film to art lovers and movie lovers alike.
critique2147 British comedies tend to fall into one of two main types: the quiet introspective usually romantic study and the farcical social satire. Settings characters and concepts vary but certain characteristics place the vast majority of shows into one of the two categories. Butterflies is perhaps the epitomÃƒÂ© of the first type. <br /><br />The scripts are very verbal including long interior monologues by the main character Ria a basically happy but unsettled housewife curious about what she might have missed out on when she embarked on a thoroughly conventional life. When she meets a successful but clumsy and emotionally accessible businessman (who makes his interest in her quite clear) she toys with the idea of finding out what the other path might have offered.<br /><br />The acting and scripts are always on the money which makes one's reaction to the show almost entirely a personal one: I was neither blown away by it nor turned off. My mother on the other hand adored this show. I think the degree to which one identifies with Ria's dilemma is the most important factor in determining one's reaction to Butterflies.
critique2148 This movie is completely ridiculous. Not only is the plot atrocious but the acting is horrendous. The special effects are asinine and the entire movie is set in a post-apocalyptic desert. Yet it is by far the most amusing movie ever given permission to be produced. It is 101 minutes of laughs due to the fact that we all know there will be no fuel in the year 3000 or any El Camino's. There are also other aspects which I will not spoil just because they are what makes the movies so wonderfully moronic. I highly recommend this movie just because of its utter idiocy. I have no idea who would watch this expecting it to be a high quality feature but if a good laugh is what you need watch Exterminators of the Year 3000!
critique2149 Bill Paxton has taken the true story of the 1913 US golf open and made a film that is about much more than an extra-ordinary game of golf. The film also deals directly with the class tensions of the early twentieth century and touches upon the profound anti-Catholic prejudices of both the British and American establishments. But at heart the film is about that perennial favourite of triumph against the odds.<br /><br />The acting is exemplary throughout. Stephen Dillane is excellent as usual but the revelation of the movie is Shia LaBoeuf who delivers a disciplined dignified and highly sympathetic performance as a working class Franco-Irish kid fighting his way through the prejudices of the New England WASP establishment. For those who are only familiar with his slap-stick performances in "Even Stevens" this demonstration of his maturity is a delightful surprise. And Josh Flitter as the ten year old caddy threatens to steal every scene in which he appears.<br /><br />A old fashioned movie in the best sense of the word: fine acting clear directing and a great story that grips to the end - the final scene an affectionate nod to Casablanca is just one of the many pleasures that fill a great movie.
critique2150 Okul is the first of its kind in Turkish cinema and it's way better than I expected. Those people who say it's neither scary nor funny have a point it's not all that great indeed. But it must be kept in mind that everyone involved with the movie is rather amateur so it's basically a maiden voyage. And comparing this one to Sinan ÃƒÂ‡etin's other films such as the 1st class garbage "Propaganda" this movie is pretty damn good.<br /><br />One thing that MUST be said: It deals with the highschool students' life in Turkey VERY realistically! That's exactly how it goes! The scenes that are meant to scare are somewhat cheap and Hollywoodish. Most of them even if not all. But that religion lesson scene made me laugh in tears and Emre KÃƒÂ½nay performs the best acting of this flick as a religion teacher.<br /><br />It's NOT a waste of your time go and watch it! You'll find it rather amusing especially if you know Turkey enough to relate to Turkish youngsters' school lives.
critique2151 First of all  you should watch this only if you don't mind the lack of subtitles  pornography  kinky sex and utter  horrifying and truly shocking depravity . I mentioned kinky sex  but to call sex in the second half of the movie " kinky " would be a great understatement . It's more like a punch in the face if you aren't prepared for this sort of sickness . That being said  I can go back to reviewing this morbid piece of pseudo - snuff genre brought to us by our fellow Japanese .<br /><br />The plot seems to be fairly basic  almost nonexistent : a girl is hired to perform in amateur porn movie . Don't expect much in first 30 - 40 minutes . There is some dialog - if you don't speak Japanese it's not going to mean much to you - that seems to be an occasional chatting between the girl and the crew & performer  then there is some porn ( straight sex )  and after the scene is finished the performers and the crew take a break . And then ... it starts to happen .<br /><br />It seems that the girl is talked into performing one more scene - this time tied with the rope . The abuse begins : whipping  slapping  hot wax ... In the end  girl breaks down and cries . They untie her .<br /><br />Then we see performers and crew sitting at the table as if nothing had happened - except for the girl . She is visibly shaken and looks like she wants to leave . She walks to the door  sits on the floor to put her shoes on ... and that's when hell breaks loose .<br /><br />She is hit in the head with the baseball bat  her wound is treated  she is tied to the bed . What ensues can be briefly described ( I'm not going to spoil everything for you ) as rape during dismemberment . Think of " Flower of flesh and blood "  mix it with porn and you will get the idea .It goes on for about 20 minutes or so . SFX are very good  makeup too . Everything is shown  with no mercy for the viewer . You have been warned .<br /><br />I thought " Visitor Q " was a very sick movie . After watching " Niku daruma " it looked like a fairytale to me .This movie is so sick  so depraved  so twisted  so disgusting that the harshest words pale in comparison to it's finale . Too bad it's released only on VHS so there are no subtitles available . But the movie still works without them . So  if you are into ultra sickness  extreme sadism and other beauties of this beloved genre  check this out . I hope you won't have nightmares .8/10 .
critique2152 This is an excellent documentary about a story I hadn't heard about before. The first solo non-stop sailing race around the world took place in 1968-69 and involved a handful of racers. It's a truly fascinating story about man vs. nature and man vs. himself. The story focuses on Donald Crowhurst the tragic figure in this story. The film elegantly combines interviews with footage which was shot by the sailors themselves aboard their boats. The story is very suspenseful and sad as we learn the details behind the history of Donald Crowhurst. This is one of the best documentaries of the past few years. It has true human emotion in it as the men face this almost impossible task of navigating the world non-stop on their own.
critique2153 When I saw this film at a festival years ago I was very impressed and I started to looking for it. Nothing to do not in the cinemas nor on DVD neither on Blue ray. Absolutely nothing!!! How it's possible this could really happen??? The direction is IMPECCABLE the story is intriguing and has been filmed in a very original way the music it's perfect and James Franco is hot as hell!!!<br /><br />Please release this master piece and allow it to have it's proper life!!!!!!!!!! This is really a very great movie that people should see and it deserve another chance!!!!!! <br /><br />Edvard
critique2154 This is a really sad and touching movie! It deals with the subject of child abuse. It's really sad but mostly a true story because it happens everyday. Elijah Wood and Joseph Mazzello play the two children or Lorraine Bracco a single mother who just tries to make a home for them. While living with her parents a man who likes to be called "The King" comes into their life. He hits the youngest boy Bobby but the two brothers vow not to tell their mother. But finally she finds out after the Bobby is hurt badly. The end kind of ruined it for me because it is so totally unbelievable. But except for that I love the movie.
critique2155 Probably the two main significances of "Elmer's Pet Rabbit" are that the wacky leporid featured in "A Wild Hare" now has a name and that he utters his famous "Of course you realize this means war!" for the first time. Mostly the Termite Terrace crowd was still trying to figure out what exactly to do with this long-eared rascal. It's certainly a must-see for hard-core fans of this genre but others will probably have little reason to take interest.<br /><br />But make no mistake it's quite hilarious what Bugs Bunny does to the eternally gullible Elmer Fudd. Clear shades of things to come abound throughout the cartoon. I recommend it.
critique2156 Continuing his comeback John Travolta played a mildly twisted angel in "Michael". He may be a messenger of God but he's not the nicest guy as reporters Andie MacDowell and William Hurt discover. When I first saw this movie it was before I had started watching "All in the Family" so I didn't recognize Jean Stapleton as Edith Bunker. Now that I recognize her like that I try to imagine Archie snapping at her for harboring an angel (whom he would probably rank alongside blacks Jews etc).<br /><br />I know that doesn't really relate to the movie. But I just like to associate things that way. Anyway it's a pretty interesting movie. Also starring Bob Hoskins Teri Garr and Richard Schiff.<br /><br />What John and Paul said...
critique2157 There are two distinct ways to enjoy this snappily written seminal TV show (the "godfather" to X-Files and Buffy etc.); as a monster show (it scared the hell out of me when I was a kid!) or as a well-written/acted gumshoe/film-noir. It works on both levels. The scariness may have been diluted over the years (it WAS made in the mid-70s) but I was pleasantly surprised upon rediscovering the show (via DVD) that I actually enjoy it MORE now for the latter reasons. The late Darren McGavin IS Karl Kolchak an eccentric tenacious rumpled newsman/monster-hunter who in pursuit of a story always finds a supernatural angle; much to the pain of Kolchak's over-stressed put-upon boss Tony Vincenzo(played with tremendous world-weariness by the also late great Simon Oakland; you can practically feel the pain of his budding ulcers!). The interplay between these characters is crackling and witty (much like STAR TREK's Spock and McCoy only more acidic!). Over the course of two pilot TV movies and a one-season series Kolchack fought vampires robots werewolves witches zombies government conspiracies aliens and ancient legends (sounds like the entire 9 yr. run of the X-Files! In ONE season!). And Kolchak did it first! And as for composer Gil Melle's cool partly-whistled main title music... well X-Files creator Chris Carter calls Mike Snow's (very similar) X-Files main title theme an 'homage.' Both themes work well; leave it at that. And unlike many modern horror/sci-fi shows most of KOLCHAK's monsters are shown in shadow and in quick cuts(effectively and sometimes thankfully; as some of them do not hold up to modern scrutiny; but some still DO). Modern horror shows take note: Less IS more! One of the few flaws of the show (and it's a small one) is the over-use of sunny California locales passing for windy city Chicago. NIGHT GALLERY had the same issue; unavoidable for a modest-budget L.A. based show. And some of the supporting characters seem to fall into what are (now) viewed as clichÃƒÂ©s (the effeminate reporter Ron Updike always used for comic relief; sweet old lady/advice columnist Emily). But they all DO have their moments to shine (UNLIKE many supporting TV characters since clichÃƒÂ© or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show that serves as a template for many that followed. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror genre TV show (agent Mulder's REAL dad). And as a footnote I tried watching a few episodes of the new "re-imagining" of the show. It's an X-Files clone (a copy of a copy?). And a bad one at that. Carl Kolchak is now a model-pretty angsty 30-something (played dismally by a boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a Scully-type partner is also a lame idea; it undermines Kolchak as a lone Don Quixote crusader! And Kolchak and Vincenzo GETTING ALONG? Where's the tension? The interplay? That they chose to hang the KOLCHAK name on this regurgitated bit o' crap is a prime example of how NOT to do a remake: Take a beloved cult series scrape off everything unique about it drain it of all character and color (but keep the name! Need that cult cred!) and voilÃƒÂ ! Instant re-hash! It gets an 'F' in 'Re-Imaginings 101'! This new version DESERVED the axe! Stick with the short-lived but classic original. It truly gets better with age.
critique2158 This movie is really genuine and random. It's really hard to find movies like it in bunches of movies now in Hollywood. I really enjoy watching this movie i bought its DVD Tuesday this week and i've watched it for 4 times. I love the Spanglish accent of Paz it s just really cute as she is. And her acting and Morgan's are so funny and natural.<br /><br />My movie taste might be really different from others but i have to say i really love this movie the simple is the best!<br /><br />I've learned something more about life from this movie (well or at least USA's life)... life is really random... Sometimes u meet someone they pass by your life and be your friends coincidently and u don't spend so much time with them maybe just a while but u enjoy that ''while'' with them and then u and them will never meet each other again but the time u are together is really unforgettable. Just keep those moments in your mind as grateful and nice memories...<br /><br />This movie might be cheap in the making price but its meanings are totally not cheap. I rarely can learn anything from movies but this is an exception.
critique2159 Damon Runyon's world of Times Square in New York prior to its Disneyfication is the basis for this musical. Joseph L. Mankiewicz a man who knew about movies directed this nostalgic tribute to the "crossroads of the world" that show us that underside of New York of the past. Frank Loesser's music sounds great. We watch a magnificent cast of characters that were typical of the area. People at the edges of society tended to gravitate toward that area because of the lights the action the possibilities in that part of town. This underbelly of the city made a living out of the street life that was so intense.<br /><br />Some of the songs from the original production were not included in the film. We don't know whether this makes sense but this is not unusual for a Hollywood musical to change and alter what worked on the stage. That original cast included the wonderful Vivian Blaine and Stubby Kaye and we wonder about the decision of not letting Robert Alda Sam Levene Isabel Bigley repeat their original roles. These were distinguished actors that could have made an amazing contribution.<br /><br />The film visually is amazing. The look follows closely the fashions of the times. As far as the casting of Marlon Brando otherwise not known for his singing abilities Frank Sinatra and Jean Simmons seem to work in the film. Sky Masterson is after all a man's man who would look otherwise sissy if he presented a different 'look'. Frank Sinatra is good as Nathan Detroit. Jean Simmons as Sarah Brown does a nice job portraying the woman from the Salvation Army who suddenly finds fulfillment with the same kind of man she is trying to save.<br /><br />Vivian Blaine is a delight. She never ceases to amaze as Miss Adelaide a woman with a heart of gold who's Nathan Detroit's love interest. Ms. Blaine makes a fantastic impression as the show girl who is wiser than she lets out to be. Stubby Kaye makes a wonderful job out of reprising his Nicely Nicely Johnson.<br /><br />The wonderful production owes a lot to the talented Abe Burrows who made the adaptation to the screen. The costumes by Irene Sharaff set the right tone.
critique2160 i loved this movie it was one of the years best pornos i remember watching it on starz or some god damn thing but it was great. i only saw like half of it and i taped it and all i can say is i loved every minute of what i saw. i didnt sleep for weeks after i saw this movie (although i was very tired.)
critique2161 but I want to say I cannot agree more with Moira.<br /><br />What a wonderful film.<br /><br />I was thinking about it just this morning wanting to give advice to some dopey sod who'd lost money on his debit card through fraud and wanted to say 'Keep thy money in thine pocket' and realised I was talking like James Mason.<br /><br />Even tho he didn't say those words I still think he would! I've never forgotten 'Are ye carrying?' in his reconciliation with his son Hywel Bennet: 'Always have money in thine pocket!' Good advice.<br /><br />Not enough kids have fathers with such unforgiving but well-meant attitudes any more. Or any father at all.<br /><br />It would be a good thing for us to reinstate 'thee' 'thy' and 'thine' in our language to show we care. It is only the same as 'tutoyer' in French or 'du' in German.<br /><br />Addendum: I just realised that a lot of my remarks were about James Mason in The Family Way!<br /><br />I think it's because I mixed up Susan George with Hayley Mills. Well easy mistake.<br /><br />I stand by the comments tho'.<br /><br />And Spring and Port Wine is so very similar to The Family Way.<br /><br />When you took a girlfriend to the pictures in those days you really had something to say and talk about afterwards something that affected your knowledge of the world and your personal development.<br /><br />Theatrical experiences are almost real and they are important in helping young people to grow up.<br /><br />It doesn't happen now I think that teenagers can just go to the pics like we did.
critique2162 People expect no less than brilliant when Steven Spielberg directs a movie and this movie is no exception. Some movies I love did poorly at the box office but I'm glad to say this movie isn't one of them (over nine million dollars which I don't think was bad for back then). The characters were fun the animation was clear and not fuzzy and the music was modern too which is unusual for an animated movie. I didn't think Professor Screw Eyes or his "Scary Cirus" was too scary for little kids (the targeted audience for this movie) but I thought what happened to the creepy professor at the end was a little too dark for a kids' movie. Overall this movie is a fun and enchanting classic that I have loved dearly for years.
critique2163 As other reviewers have noted this is an unjustly neglected Depression-era film. Directed by Frank Borzage (two Oscars) and written by Jo Swerling (Leave Her to Heaven The Westerner Lifeboat etc.) it is a tough-minded well-structured and -realized move about denizens of a New York City shantytown. They're grifters beggars and women forced into prostitution but they're a community of people both good and bad with loyalties as complex as any group's.<br /><br />Perhaps primary among this movie's many admirable qualities is the contrast between Spencer Tracy's character Bill and Loretta Young's Trina. He tough-talking physically aggressive and evidently fearless-- but Bill is not the character who gives this film its steely sense of survival. While he blusters Trina actually hangs tough (if that term can be applied to a character so ladylike). Her devotion to him is obvious and complete. When she becomes pregnant she says she will raise it herself if he wants to leave or "I'll even give up the kid if you'll only be happy." Such is the dignity of Loretta Young's performance (at age 20) as a quite simple character that she seems neither weak or dependent but rather a woman who recognizes happiness when she finds it and wants nothing more.
critique2164 I never attended the midnight showing of a movie before "Dick Tracy" came out.<br /><br />I still have the "t-shirt ticket" I had to wear to get admitted to the showing around here somewhere and like that shirt "Dick Tracy" has stuck with me ever since.<br /><br />If you've seen the movie the sharp visuals bright primary colors and strong characters have no doubt been etched into your brain. It's a wonder to behold.<br /><br />As director/star/co-writer/producer Beatty knows what works in a film and shows it here taking a familiar American icon and re-creating him for a whole new era. Still set in the '30s "Tracy" has a kind of timeless quality like all good films do. I've lost track of how many times I've watched "Tracy" and I still catch something new every time I do.<br /><br />The others are all top notch starting with Pacino's Big Boy Caprice (a reminder that he can do comedy with the best of them) even Madonna's Breathless Mahoney is a relevation in that under the right environment she can act (GASP!). <br /><br />But there's still such themes touched on as the necessity of family keeping true to one's self good versus evil even Machiavellian themes are explored. Odd for a comic strip film but hey it works.<br /><br />All in all "Dick Tracy" is a classic unto itself. Compared with other films of this decade it makes a strong statement. It's a good strong film that doesn't depend on blood violence profanity or nudity to make its point. <br /><br />There's a lesson to be learned here.<br /><br />Ten stars. Great Scott!
critique2165 This movie was excellent. It details the struggle between a committed detective against the dedicated ignorance of the corrupted communist regime in Russia during the 80's. I give this movie high marks for it's no-holds-barred look into the birth and development of forensic investigation in a globally isolated (thanks to the "Regime") community. This is a graphic movie. It presents an unsensationalized picture of violence and it's tragic remains. Nothing is "candy-coated" with overdone blood or gore to separate us from the cruel reality on the screen. This movie is based on Russian serial killer Andrei Chikatilo. I'm familiar enough with the true story to have a very deep appreciation for how real they kept the film. It's not a comedy but for those who appreciate dry and dark humor this movie is a must-see.
critique2166 I cherish each and every frame of this beautiful movie. It is about regular people people we all know who suffer a little in their life and have some baggage to carry around. Just like all of us. Robert DeNiro Ed Harris and Kathy Baker breathe life into their portrayals and are all excellent but Harris is especially heartbreaking and therefore very real. You would swear he really is a trucker who drinks so he won't have to feel anything. Baker as his put-upon sister also has some delicate moments - when DeNiro gives her flowers in one scene it seems like she was never given flowers before and probably wasn't. Very worthwhile.
critique2167 What a lovely heart warming television movie. The story tells of a little five year old girl who has lost her daddy and finds it impossible to cope. Her mother is also very distressed ..only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.Which all viewers hope will materialise. Samantha Mathis is brilliant as the little girl's mum as she was as the nanny in" Jack and Sarah"worth watching if you like both Samantha Mathis and happy; year tear jerking movies! Ellen Burstyn is as always a delightful grandmother in this tender and magnificently acted movie. Jodelle Ferland (the little five year old) is charming and a most convincing young actress. The film is based on a true story which makes it so touching."Mermaid" is a tribute to the milk of human kindness which is clearly illustrated and clearly is still all around us in this difficult world we live in. "Mermaid" gives us all hope by realising that there a lot of lovely people in the world with lot's of love to give. James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.K.
critique2168 My God this was a fantastic film. Every time we watch it takes us to another place of "WOW". Rhett & Scarlett were played brilliantly by Joanne & Timothy. They did a fantastic job revising the roles of our two favourite heros. Everyone! It is a must see..... Dont deprive yourself of this movie. If u loved Gone With The Wind you will love this mini series. Go Rhett!!! Go Scarllett!!!
critique2169 Alice enters in a world of wonder... but not the kind of wonder that you remember as a kid. The Mad Hatter the White Rabbit the Queen and others (even Tweedledee and Tweedledum) show Alice some things about her body -- and other people's bodies -- that might be quite wonderful. A tale of love and lust the likes you've never seen.<br /><br />Kristine DeBell appears as Alice. I must say by 1970s standards this may be the most attractive adult actress of her day. I believe this is her only film before moving on to mainstream work but it was pretty much the best possible one she could have chosen (my love for all things Alice is no secret). Even better than "Fairy Tales" (which isn't really pornography so much).<br /><br />The songs are cheesy but fit the theme of the movie. One song "What's a Girl Like You Doing on a Knight Like This?" was pretty funny and the others had similar themes going. The trial towards the end was well scripted and fit very nicely into the world of Alice. The logic and humor were definitely accounted for.<br /><br />What more can you say about a film like this? All I know is for people who are used to adult films where it's just a 30-second lead-in to the sex this one is going to overload you with plot and music. But personally I think there's something very special about this film and I hope it gets a nice DVD release with things touched up and special features (if that's even possible). I can see this being a cult film.
critique2170 I had never heard of this film before a couple of weeks ago but its concept interested me when I heard it: an American man meets a European woman on his last night in Europe and they spend the night together talking. It sparked my interest but I never expected it to be this great. Before Sunrise is a masterpiece and it's also one of the most romantic films on record. To my surprise it completely lacked the cynicism of the 1990s. It's impossible to really talk too much about it since there is no real plot so to speak (although there are plenty of thoroughly interesting things you could talk about; it is sort of like My Dinner With Andre where there is a conversation but it's not JUST the conversation that matters) but let me just say see it. SEE IT!
critique2171 This is what I call a "pre Sci Fi; Sci Fi" movie. It gets no better than Lugosi/Karloff in this incredibly good "mood" type motion picture. These two genuine artists are at their very best as is the story line.<br /><br />Karloff does an amazing job as a scientist that sees himself caught in a vise of vanity pride and scientific competition. I was caught up in the idea of watching a man as he drowns himself in the three previously mentioned concepts. I was saddened and at the same time fascinated with the two stars as they do themselves in. <br /><br />This is the sort of motion picture that begs for a remake. This time put Harrison Ford in the Karloff part and maybe Kieffer Sutherland as the Bela Lagosi role. It might be possible to do it almost as good.<br /><br />This is one of the very best that Hollywood EVER produced. As I said..it gets no better. No way.
critique2172 I really liked the movie. I remember reading it several times as a kid and was glad to see a movie had been made about the book.<br /><br />I was kid-sitting for a boy and a girl ages 11 and 8 and had to talk the girl in to seeing the movie. But happily at the end she was glad she saw it and even said that she wanted to buy it on DVD as soon as it came out.<br /><br />There were some great laugh-out-loud moments and the movie was not as "gross" as I expected it would be ... tho it did rank pretty high up there on the gross-o-meter ...<br /><br />The only thing I cannot figure out is why they had to have the "dilly" line in there that was done by Woody in reference to his private part ... that to me was the only shocker moment (and you could hear the adults in the audience audibly gasp at that moment in the movie) ... I have no clue why that was put in the movie; it added nothing to the actual movie except for that shock/gasp factor ... other than that a pretty good movie. Nice to see the "Pepsi" girl all grown up.
critique2173 Obsession comes in many flavors and exists for a variety of reasons; for some it may be nothing more than a compulsive disorder but for others it may be an avenue of survival. Lack of nurturing combined with an inability to negotiate even the simplest necessities of daily life or the basic social requirements may compel even a genius to enthusiastically embrace that which provides a personal comfort zone. And in extreme cases the object of that satisfaction may become a manifested obsession driving that individual on until what began as a means of survival becomes the very impetus of his undoing and as we discover in `The Luzhin Defence' directed by Marleen Gorris a high level of intelligence will not insure a satisfactory resolution to the problem and in fact may actually exacerbate the situation. Obsession it seems has no prejudice or preference; moreover it gives no quarter.<br /><br />
critique2174 This movie is an amusing and utterly sarcastic view of pop culture and the producers thereof. I was impressed with the photography that consisted of vivid colors and spin doctored settings especially when you think that this is Zukovic's first large scale attempt.<br /><br />One warning do not take the movie's message that seriously. It is not for mass consumption ( and that is not a compliment). The message is a somewhat stylized post-college neophyte view of society.<br /><br />I did enjoy the basic plot line of a fictitious 'zine editor verbally whipping the mobocracy of the 90's.
critique2175 After seeing Meredith in "Beyond the Prairie" I had to buy another film with her staring. I cannot believe how she let herself into this teenage flick. It's best to watch this one with the sound off but just concentrate on Meredith as she moves across the screen. Save your money until the TV network comes out with a DVD on "Beyond the Prairie". It's worth it at any price this one needs to pay you to see. <br /><br />This pretty lady needs someone to put her into a script that can use both her talent as an actress and her beauty as a woman. Perhaps some of her latest might fit but I haven't seen them. She has the smile of a Cathrine Bell and eyes of Dana Delany with a much younger body.<br /><br />
critique2176 I watched this film not expecting much and not knowing anything much about it. I loved it. A very good tight plot an intriguing hook in the form of the ugly fat deaf girl and the ex-con and a pace that kept things flowing without being hurried. <br /><br />A much much better film than the same director's De battre mon coeur s'est arretÃƒÂ© which was boring and unbelievable.<br /><br />The only thing that didn't quite work was that the supposedly ugly fat girl was neither ugly nor fat: solid certainly and far from conventionally beautiful but with so much character in her face that she took over the screen whenever she was on it. Superb. I wish she was in more films and better ones than she generally is. I've seen a bit of Gilles' Wife and a bit of The Moustache and they both looked like rubbish and I've seen all of De battre mon coeur s'est arretÃƒÂ© and that certainly is rubbish. She seems to have a few coming up so I'll keep my fingers crossed.
critique2177 There's no other word for it...Fox dumped this out with NO marketing of any kind. Nobody in the country other than those who have been looking forward to this film know anything about it. All the red flags have flown. It has to be a mess it can't be anywhere near as good as Office Space right? Wrong. Though Office Space it ain't this film definitely has satirical bite and wit. It's a misfire on certain levels but who's to blame is left to mystery.<br /><br />Based on what is currently showing in theatres I can say IDIOCRACY is a good movie. It's funny sometimes laugh-out-loud funny. It's effective sometimes ingenious. What it isn't as far as I can tell is finished. We will see something come of this film again whether it's an extended cut or reshoots. Alone it can be hilarious. It's ballsy at times.<br /><br />Leaving the theatre looking around at the mall I was surrounded by advertisements and billboards commercialism and stupidity. It's not quite as damning a dystopia as 1984 but this movie paints an ugly future for our culture. And there doesn't seem to be much anybody can do about it. Anyway go see this if you can and try to find out what happened that it was so specifically buried.
critique2178 When you're watching Distant you know you're not watching a French movie there's little sex and it's mostly elliptical and people don't talk that much here there are a few lines scattered here and there and a couple of important conversations just to let you make sense of what's going on. It doesn't look American either there aren't any car chases or shoot-outs or violence unless you consider the killing of a mouse an act of blood or the daily tension of getting by a subdued catastrophe. At times the relatively long-held medium-distance shots may remind you of 'contemplative' Asian cinema but just reminds you the director doesn't push things to the radical minimalism of some Taiwanese filmmakers but then again this is not a Taiwanese movie it's a Turkish movie. I don't know what that means I don't even know if that's supposed to mean something.<br /><br />The movie doesn't have a plot proper and yet those few lines those somewhat long-held shots and that often mitigated tension gradually build a sense of something happening a sense of 'plot' for lack of a better word that grows on you. By the end of the movie you may get the feeling you're going to miss those two cousins who have many things in common but are worlds apart.
critique2179 The Bourne Ultimatum begins recklessly mid-chase and in pulse-pounding fashion explodes from there as Jason Bourne (Matt Damon absolutely superb) tracks down the masterminds behind the CIA black-ops that turned him into the perfect killer in a final attempt to learn his true identity. A devastatingly icy David Strathairn as the "man behind the curtain" is added to the returning cast of regulars including Joan Allen (excellent) and Julia Stiles (non-existent).<br /><br />Like the second entry in the series I wished Paul Greengrass' shaky hand-held camera would go static at least for the few minutes of downtime. However that being said it's a perfect way to capture the tense claustrophobic feel of the intimate hand-to-hand-combat scenes and works equally well in the chase scenes which are mostly on foot and across rooftops with the occasional big car pile-up. Part of the fun of the Bourne series is the constant globe-hopping and manipulation of technology and communications that seem to defy the laws of physics and current capabilities. The Bourne films seem to exist in some sort of gritty hyper-reality that is full of technological-based magic. It makes no sense that everyone seems to be just in the right place at the right time but I'll be damned if it isn't a blast to watch them get there.<br /><br />With the absence of the emotive and involving Franka Potente the writers attempt to create some emotional connection between Damon and Stiles but she is so blank-faced an actress it never really leads to anything. Still this can be forgiven for unlike the "Identity" and the "Supremacy" this "Ultimatum" reveals all and we finally learn the truth about Bourne's past. It's an entertaining and satisfying conclusion to the series and if they have any good sense and Damon gets his wish this will be the perfect end to it.
critique2180 This film has been scaring me since the first day I saw it.<br /><br />My Mum had watched it when it was on the telly back in '92. I remember being woken up in the middle of the night by her tearful ramblings as my Dad helped her up the stairs.<br /><br />She was saying something like "Don't let her get me" or something like that. I asked what had made her so upset and she told me that she'd been watching The Woman in Black.<br /><br />So obviously i had to watch it and even though i was only eleven she let me. It scared the s*** out of me. I've been immune to horror films since watching this!
critique2181 Well as you can see I got to this party quite late but have the advantage of reading all the previous entries before making my comments. I found this site by happen chance when I was looking for other Marine Corps films. So let me start by telling you that I played a Marine Boot in the movie Pvt. Labarsky and was stationed at MCRDep San Diego at the time. Jack Webb and his crew selected 15 Permanent Personnel of which some of us had the speaking parts and another 15 Marines that had just completed Boot Camp. That made up the Platoon and the Marines who portrayed the various "DIs". To the best of my recollection The Capt. and Pvt. Owens (Don Dubbins) were not in the Marines. We spent about three weeks up in Hollywood (Studio City Film Lot) CA shooting the section of the movie that we were involved with and then they completed the other shots after we left.<br /><br />So as I ramble along here let me clarify some of what has been questioned in previous entries as best I can. "Cuff Daddy" was commenting about the ability of our Platoon to yell "Yes Sir" without moving and etc Yes we did the yelling for the Sound Guys and it was while shooting the scene. As you fellow Marines remember when the DI or who ever started to ask a question and before they completed it you had already taken your breath of air enabling you to yell at the top of your lungs the proper response. That is how it was done.<br /><br />"74Sooner" commented about walking through the same building at Paris Island however as I mentioned earlier all the scenes were shot in Studio City CA . They were built from photos taken at Paris Island and from on site trips and Marine advisers from Paris Island. Sorry you were in the real buildings not the sets.<br /><br />"schappe1" brought up many good points but about the incident with the platoon at Paris Island at the time all that jack Webb said to us was "The movie came about because of the accident and the Marine Corps didn't want to put out anything that would impact any of the family members of the Marines that died that night. Although the Marine Corps would provide any Marines and assistance needed for a movie answering to the public why a Marine DI does what he does".<br /><br />As mentioned by a few of you I also at the time we were shooting the scenes caught my self thinking this dialog has been cleaned up to much and obviously isn't how it goes down in real life. Back in the 50'sthat is how it had to be done.<br /><br />One story I would like to pass on is about the interaction that occurred between us Marines and the Movie Crew and between the Movie Crew and Jack Webb. From the start by custom the Marines replied "Yes Sir" to anybody that moved. Going into the second week it was getting more common to hear "Yes Sir" coming from all directions. On stage someone would bark out a request for something to be done with the lighting and from out of nowhere up on a catwalk above the set a reply of "Yes Sir" would sound out. To all of this at one of our informal gatherings Jack Webb stated. "If I had known that I would have gotten this much respect from this crew I would have brought you guys up here years ago." There was a Lt. brought up from San Diego to play the role of the DI from the other platoon and the one Jack Webb fights with but during one shooting secessions He was up to take number 32 and still Webb kept trying to work him through how he wanted it done and didn't show any lack of patience with him. The next day they used the Paris Island adviser who was a DI Sgt. from Paris Island and He worked out fine.<br /><br />At the time I was somewhat of a camera buff and got to know the Still Camera Man to get some pointer from him and as it turned out He would give me still shots and some of the 35mm film of the daily shooting that were not going to be used. Those film strips I cut up and made slides out of them. After the movie came out in VHS tape (The DI 11706 B&W/106 min.) my kids and the grand kids have a blast when they try to se who can find me the most times on the screen.
critique2182 I had seen The Cure when I was a kid and I loved it then. Now years later I got a hold of a copy almost by accident and watched it again. Being a kid you don't really have the ability to procure things for yourself that you want that is usually a prerogative of your parents - but when I watched it again now I felt sorry that I did not do more to get a copy of this movie back then and consequently almost forgot about it until today.<br /><br />This really is a beautiful movie. It tells the story of the unlikely friendship between a hard-edged misfit kid - who takes his cues from his horrible abusive mother - and his neighbor a slightly younger boy who has AIDS.<br /><br />Right you say. Another one of "those". A tear jerker. A bucket movie. A morality tail. Yeah I know I hate those too. Only this one isn't. It is one of the very few movies among those many I have seen that pulls off a very rare trick: it conveys a truly sad story (and yes a morality tale) but without a single moment where it feels cheesy forced or in any other way "hollywoody". It shows a REAL relationship between two REAL boys who interact as REAL kids do. And through that interaction the good-natured loving character of the older boy Eric starts to shine through his "tough-guy" persona as he takes on a kind of big-brotherly care for Dexter his HIV-positive younger neighbor. Together they embark on an adventure to find a cure - which to Erik seems to be just around the corner - so that all this silly AIDS thing will go away and they can be friends forever.<br /><br />The production is top notch. But of course what really carries this movie is the performances of the two leads - Brad Renfro and Joseph Mazzello. Especially Mazzello who is simply stunning - he does convey a sense of frailty needed for an ailing boy but at the same time he manages to make Dexter a truly energetic and determined character. He shines at the scene where the boys confront Pony: his impulse to protect his older friend lunges him forth drives him to say what he says - and only afterwards the horror is depicted on his face as he realizes that what he himself said is true: his blood is poison... Renfro also has his moments in particular the scenes with his mother: he depicts perfectly how this macho street-wise kid is left completely frozen and numb when faced with his abusive storming mother and can't get a word in to contradict her as she forbids his relationship with the ailing boy out of her fear and ignorance. Annabella Sciorra also gives a memorable performance as Dexter's mother who ultimately becomes in a sense a mother figure to Erik as well.<br /><br />I've first seen this film when I was at school back in America and loved it - not at all a given concerning movies of this sort. But the behavior of the kids in this movie was so real I could easily relate to them. Ironically enough the teacher who had shown us this movie (a wonderful woman I'm still in touch with her) got in trouble for it as some uptight parent complained about it having the scene when the two boys are looking at a Playboy... Pathetic. Seriously will Americans ever get over this ridiculous phobia I do not know. There was a hardly-distinguishable shot of a playboy cover in the movie and thus it is not shown in schools... how sad. Kids need to see this movie. It is more inspiring and educational than all the "official" after-school specials put together.<br /><br />Oh and one more thing. I know I'm rambling but nevertheless... The score. It's great. I am a musician and as such I know Dave Grusin from his records: he is a well known Jazz pianist and record producer. Up until this movie I really did not know that he did movie scores as well even though when I later checked I found out that I had unknowingly watched several movies he worked on. Really a wonderful job there.<br /><br />All in all a solid Ten. I'd recommend this movie to anyone. And I'm definitely going to see it with my younger siblings - they can use watching a film like this among all the standard special-effect hysteria they usually see.
critique2183 The four signs on the road say "If You're Looking For Fun.....You Don't Need A Reason....All You Need Is A Gun....It's Rabbit Season!"<br /><br />In the woods we see hundreds of "Rabbit Season" signs posted on every tree. We see more and more signs pointing exactly to Bugs Bunny's hole. Who's putting up all these signs? Daffy Duck!<br /><br />Daffy puts the last sign up tiptoes away and says to us the audience "Awfully unsporting of me I know. But what the hey - I gotta have some fun! Besides it's really duck season."<br /><br />From that point we now see Elmer Fudd shotgun in hand.....and a war of semantics between Bugs and Daffy with Bugs winning every time. Only in cartoons thankfully can we see someone getting shotgun-blasted in the head five times and keep going!
critique2184 Greetings again from the darkness. Stunning photography highlights this Disney documentary and provides a glimpse into some of the harshness of animals that live in the wilderness. For anyone over 40 Disney and Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom provided much of our insight into wild animals since our childhood ... back when there was no channel dedicated to National Geographic or Nature or Animal Planet.<br /><br />What always fascinates is just how difficult the circumstances are for many of these majestic creatures. Watching the elephants trudge for days nearly delirious from lack of water is oh so painful. But their nighttime battle against the lions is thrilling.<br /><br />Some of the underwater shots are breathless. The mama and baby humpbacks are beautiful and watching the great white shark attack its prey is every bit as chilling as "Jaws". The most amazing scenery for me was the breathtaking views of the Himalayas. I had never seen such detail of the vastness of the range.<br /><br />Don't think most young kids today will be too excited by this one but it surely is one of the most beautifully photographed documentaries I have ever seen.
critique2185 Although I was in this movie playing the part of Sheriff Hodges it still managed to make me jump in several places and believe me I'm NOT that easy. You might say that I'm biased about the film and OK I am but I didn't see the finished product until 12/27/2006 and was extremely pleased. I'm not a Horror film fan as such but love the old "B" movies and black and white Sci Fi films. This movie will make you "think" you know when something is going to happen then it doesn't then it does. It will keep you completely off balance. I would suggest watching the movie first then the director's notes and special features. It is so well written directed and filmed and I can tell you personally that it was a real joy to work with this cast and crew. I sincerely hope to be part of Brian and Laurence's future projects.
critique2186 This is a good example a film that in spite of the low rating is more than worth watching. The story is engaging and it doesn't take long before the chemistry between Nicole Kidman and Ben Chaplin grabs your attention. The acting is first class and the characters are represented well. Sometimes it feels like the director couldn't decide himself between drama and romantic comedy. Ben Chiller's portrayal of the law abiding and shy Englishman with porn S.M. magazines hidden in the bedroom creates plenty of moments for laughs! As does the look in Nicole Kidman's eyes when she is offering John his first taste of intimacy in a long time... Other times the actors and especially Nicole Kidman give this comedy quite expertly a dramatic slant.
critique2187 I've seen this film three times and each time I appreciate it more. I think Jordana Brewster should have received an Emmy nomination for her real and natural performance. Many of us who were Phoebe's age at this time the story takes place will understand how real it is. Life for most of us is neither softly glowing romantic or harshly cynical pessimism. It is a blurred balance and this film captures this balance. It is well constructed too with so many fine details in its composition. Like the film or not judging from the extraordinarily high ratings it gets from the demographic of females under 18 we can know that this movie reveals some important truth about how young women see themselves in the world.
critique2188 The movie was a big Car Commercial. :-)<br /><br />But who cares? I went to the theater to view the Shelby Cobra Angelina & Cage.<br /><br />So I guess it was a good movie. *bg*<br /><br />
critique2189 this film was probably the best "scary film" i've seen in years. chilling might be a more accurate description. the ending was unexpected and therefore took me by surprise. if it has any flaw it would be the overuse of the whole meaning of life concept. since noone truly knows that answer you definitely sail into murky waters when you incorporate that concept into a movie. put that aside and the movie is quite enjoyable. carly pope should emerge as one of the next bright young stars in the film industry. the rest of the cast were somewhat shaky however since the focus was on sara novak (carly pope) her performance anchored the movie. the at times poor acting abilities of her costars were not an issue since it was not their performances that fuelled this movie. (thankfully). watch this movie you should enjoy it.<br /><br />t
critique2190 I have spent many years studying all the great directors like Kurosawa Lean Fulci Lenzi Deodato Peckinpah Kubrick and admire them greatly. My favourite film is Once upon a time in America.<br /><br />I have only recently become a fan of D'Amato and while he was no horror master his films were extreme whether it be soft core hardcore or extreme.<br /><br />Porno Holocaust is now one of my favourite films the way its shot is brilliant and the music is catchy.<br /><br />Joe D'Amato wasn't a horror master he's no Fulci or Bava but however he was a master of erotica no other director could shoot erotic films like him he also never tried making any films outside of these genre's either.<br /><br />Long live Joe D'Aamto-Master of Porn and Erotica!
critique2191 Perhaps one of the first slasher film that came out after Halloween (Although made from Irwin Yabalans from Halloween) I must say I honestly found "Tourist Trap" to be scarier and funner. "Tourist Trap" is one of those remarkable treats you find every now and then and are left with the most enjoyable feeling of surprise. It was destiny I tell you but one night I was at my local Blockbuster (One or Two months before it went out of business) and had nothing to get. Then I stumble upon this movie I think huh seems like a laughable B-Movie I rent it and took it home boy was I in for a good scare. "Tourist Trap" comes off as a bad movie it definitely has it's cheesy momentsbut in the end you're having to much fun with it to really care.<br /><br />The things that impressed me the absolute most and the things that made this movie one of the scariest ones I've seen is number one the setting. A horror movie without a good setting isn't very fun not here. I just love love love the location it feels like we can relate to it it almost feels like we've been there before. Which makes it creepier. Next is the characters non of them are really stereotypical and they all have a real personality. For example they're not stoners alcoholics or even Sex obsessed people they feel like normal young adults. Plus they look realistic enough and then their is Chuck Connors. Who gives a great performance as Mr. Slausen who we all take an instant liking too because again he's so real he feels like that nice guy grandfatherly figure we adore. The last and probably most important thing that makes this movie scary is how they make us (the audience) jump half way out of our seats and turn on the rights for the right reasons. For example most of the time in horror films we mainly just jump because of a sudden change in the music pitch but in "Tourist Trap" prepare yourself that's not the case. With it's perfect use of lighting mannequins and weirdness you feel utterly creeped out. Plus I love because although they may go a bit over-the-top with some things you still feel like this could happen. Which is exactly what a horror movie who takes such a ridicules premise should do and that is make us (the audience) feel unsafe and terrified.<br /><br />Overall as far as any major problems go I have none only that it's weirdness may get a little too weird at times. However in the end "Tourist Trap" holds a place near and dear to my heart for being one of the few horror films to make me turn on the lights and feel unsafe about traveling.
critique2192 Although this episode was offensive to the Tourette Syndrome Association others thought it was funny while others thought it was a bad way to start the new season.<br /><br />This episode was funny and just shocking. South Park has made history as being their first episode with the most cuss words unless you count the movie as an episode.<br /><br />I enjoyed how they made fun of Chris Hansen and his television show to Catch a Predator. I didn't like the idea on how they thought Chris Hansen would do a show on tourettes and let a boy speak out and bash the Jews.<br /><br />One thing I did not like is how South Park thought that people with tourettes syndrome would just blurt out bad language like that. I've seen people on television with Tourettes syndrome and they do not just blurt out bad words. Unless I am incorrect.
critique2193 Well I have not much to say about this film except that it was a truly wonderful film. Natalie Portman is absolutely fantastic as the daughter in this lovely mother-daughter relationship film. <br /><br />Beautiful film.
critique2194 I must admit this is one of my favorite horror films of all time. The unique way that John Carpenter has directed this picture opening the door to so many mock-genres it will chill you to the bone whether it is your first time watching it or your fiftieth. The sound the menacing horror of Michael Meyers and the infamous scream of Jamie Lee Curtis gives this film instant cult status and a great start for the independent era. I love the music I love the characters the familiar yet spooky setting the simplistic nature of the villain and the random chaos of it all. There is no really rhyme or reason to the killing in this first film giving us a taste of Michael's true nature. Is he insane or in some way just a very brilliant beast? That question may never be truly answered but Carpenter gives us his 100% and more devotion to this amazing masterpiece.<br /><br />John Carpenter is the master of horror. While lately his films have not been the caliber that they once were (see Ghosts of Mars) Halloween began his powerhouse of a career. This is his ultimate film. While he did release other greats I will always remember this one as the film that caused me to turn on all the lights beware when babysitting and check behind closed doors because you never knew where the evil would appear next. Carpenter has this amazing ability to bring you into the world in which he weaves. With the power of his camera he places these images of Meyers in places you least expected while giving you the perception as if the murderer is right next to you. I loved every scene in which we panned back and there was Michael watching from the distance without anyone the wiser. That was scary yet utterly brilliant. I loved the scenes in which Carpenter pulled your fright from nearly thin air. There you would be minding your own business when suddenly that horrid mask would appear out of nowhere. Like the characters you too thought it was just a trick of the eye but that is where Carpenter gets you it isn't. Michael isn't a ghost he is a human being (or at least we think) yet he has a stronger mental ability than most of the main characters. This leads into some really dark themes and unexplored symbolism but even without that this is a spooky film.<br /><br />Then if you just didn't have enough of Michael just vaporizing in the windows of your house Carpenter adds that chilling theme music. I still have that tapping of the piano keys in my mind constantly wondering if Meyers is looking at me through the window. Carpenter has found the perfect combination of visual frights and chilling sounds to foreshadow what may happen to our unsuspecting victims next. It is lethal and it is done with refreshing originality and more unique thrills than anything released by today's Horror Hollywood could muster. Carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air in the midst of what could be a rough horror year with actual scares being replaced by Paris Hilton you know that the quality isn't quite the same.<br /><br />Finally I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the opening murder in this film is terrifying and chilling. The use of the "clown" mask sent shivers up my spine. The way that it was filmed with that elongated one shot using the child's mask as if it were our own eyes is still one of the best horror openings ever! It completely sets the tone for the remainder of that film. You have the babysitter theme you have the childish behavior which carries with Michael throughout the film and you have the art talent of Carpenter all rolled into one. I could literally speak for hours upon hours about this film but instead I would rather go watch it again. It is worth the repeat visit many times! <br /><br />Overall I think this is one of the most outstanding films in cinematic history. Skip all those foreign films that think that they are going to chance the face of movies leave it to a budget tight Carpenter and the slasher film genre. This singular movie redefined a whole generation of horror films and still continues to be an influence on modern-day horror treats. The lethal combination of a genuinely spooky murderer the powerful cinematography of the events (which normally doesn't amount to much in horror films) and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes Halloween that film above the rest. Sure Freddy is cool and you feel sympathetic for Jason but Michael is real he is troubled and he is on the loose lusting for the blood of babysitters. What can be better? <br /><br />Grade: ***** out of *****
critique2195 The mystery and its solution was a great noir conceit. I do have some questions though maybe I wasn't paying enough attention.<br /><br />Who killed the neighbor and why? Who killed the replacement girl and why?<br /><br />And some minor quibbles they should have shown the stopoff at the hotel for the switch. Not that they should have shown the switch but they should have shown Jim and the girl going in the hotel Jim going to the bathroom coming out and being told by the bartender that his girlfriend went to the car without him.<br /><br />then Jim getting back in the car and seeing the sleeping woman and little girl in his back seat.<br /><br />This would have given the viewer a sporting chance at figuring out the solution.<br /><br />I wish I taped it though I'd like to see it again.
critique2196 what can i say about this film that hasnt already been said? well to tell the truth alot of it looks very fake like some of the slaps and the kicks. how charlie sheen though this was real i dont know. im sure they would be hitting and kicking her alot harder if it was. however the scenes with the pinching and the hot oil look very real. and the final needle in the eye scene is amazingly done and is probibly the only thing on film that has ever shocked me.
critique2197 Amazing amazing amazing. What more can be said? Jacobi is the best Hamlet ever to grace the stage and captures every inch of the character. Every nuance and element of Hamlet is depicted and depicted well. Some people have complained about his age but you honestly cannot tell when watching the film. If anything he looks drastically younger than 40. I only wish a more worthy Ophelia could have been found. Her acting is passable but she just doesn't look the part. The only real exceptional performances come from Jacobi and Stewart who is a great Claudius. The rest of the cast is good but Jacobi is what truly elevates this teleplay.
critique2198 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique2199 There is a lot of crap coming out of Hollywood lately.<br /><br />A friend sends me movies now and again as a surprise it's awesome.<br /><br />I turned it on and couldn't stop watching it is a drama but with a odd twist. Imagine if Romeo as in Shakepeare had a super power. It is sad and poetic at the same time. Hollywood should take notice of the new Russian cinema they are telling stories that are not about big explosions and cgi. It takes a simple basic premise and tells a story without a spectacle. This is a lot like an Asian film with a dark Russian twist. Granted it's not perfect but nothing ever is. You know what the power is but it is never explained nor totally realized until the end. It becomes secondary to the emotion of the story. I don't want to see a remake it is too cool as is the Hollywood system would as usual mess it up. Acting is top notch all around. Directing and Camera work are far above most of the crap that is out there. Kudos to all involvedand I will turn a lot of people on to this independent epic. A+++++<br /><br />If you can find i watch it.
critique2200 Tarzan and His Mate the second of MGM's Tarzan pictures picks up a year after the events of "Tarzan the Ape Man". Tarzan and Jane have been living happily in the jungle and Harry Holt (one of the expeditioners in the first film) returns this time accompanied by the less-than-honorable Martin Arlington in quest of the ivory from the elephants' graveyard. Naturally a variety of perilous and exciting adventures take place along the way.<br /><br />The first film romanticized everything--the jungle adventure romance itself wild animals and even death. The second film still has a great deal of romanticism and a lot of wonderful action sequences but a more serious tone underlies the action. The characters dare to ask questions like: What if something happened to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she was stranded by herself in the middle of the jungle and she had to fend for herself? While these are probably the questions real people would be asking in this situation it creates a certain amount of somberness that isn't always as much fun as the throw-caution-to-the-wind attitude of the original.<br /><br />One of the most enjoyable aspects of this film is the growth we see in Tarzan and Jane's relationship. Tarzan still speaks very broken English but he has clearly learned a few new words from his mate. Additionally their love for each other has really blossomed and we feel like they really have spent a year together in the jungle.<br /><br />Most people consider "Tarzan and His Mate" superior to the original "Tarzan the Ape Man". Personally I liked the first film just a little bit better. The main reason is that the relationship between the Harry Holt & Martin Arlington team isn't nearly as likable as Holt's relationship with James Parker (Jane's father) from the original. The Mr. Arlington character could have worked as a great movie villain but he plays the hero for far too much of the movie. The movie can never decide whether we should like him or hate him. (Also I don't want to give anything away but in one of the scenes where we should clearly hate him Jane never finds out about those events so the ending isn't quite as satisfying as it could have been.) All of these detractors are relatively minor however and it's still a great movie.<br /><br />Like the first film "Tarzan and His Mate" has amazing action scenes wonderful wildlife footage and one of the screen's all-time greatest romances. If you liked the first film in the series this is definitely a sequel to see.
critique2201 I can hardly call this a great film but it is entertaining. In my case I at the time this film was released was the same age as some of the junior campers in the film. For me watching this film brings back the memories of my camp years. While some of the pranks that takes place in this movie like carrying the camp director out in his bed and leaving him on the side of a road strung up in the trees or out on a lake are a bit over the top some of the other pranks are not. When I went to camp the campers and counselors pulled similar stunts such as running underwear up the flag pole canoe battles and boys raiding the girls cabin. As I grew older I realized these night raids to the girls cabin that I participated in were carefully orchestrated by the counselors so that we wouldn't find the girls in embarrassing situations but at the time I thought it was real and it was fun. That's what MEATBALLS (MB) is. <br /><br />MB captures not only the scenic beauty of camp surroundings but the beauty of being young and carefree. MB give a great example of pre-teens teens and young adults living their summer with no concerns other than guys hooking up with girls and girls hooking up with guys and booth having as much fun as they can before they head back to junior high & high school and college. The opening title song that goes "Are you ready for the summer?...no more homework no more books no more teachers dirty looks..." describes exactly how summer is viewed by school kids. <br /><br />I personally enjoyed the two campers Spaz and Fink. What boy nerd or jock didn't spend all camp trying to cozy up to some pretty girl camper? What guy didn't want to be accepted by the other campers and counselors? While these two characters are somewhat over the top I bet everybody who watches the film can't help but to like these two guys. These two characters are a mix of Charlie Brown from PEANUTS and Jack Tripper & Larry Dallas from THREE'S COMPANY. I would bet that most viewers even cheer for Spaz in the egg carrying competition and for Fink as he attempts to "beat the stomach" in the hot dog eating contest. <br /><br />Lastly this movie had normal looking kids and counselors. No super models for counselors or campers that wore trendy clothing. It is fun to just kick back and watch this film and remember when life was as fun as this movie.
critique2202 After recently seeing Cry Uncle by the same director I decided to seek this out and am I glad I did!? This is an extraordinarily good film. Far far better than it would seem likely given the ingredients. How many times have we had to suffer the embarrassment of someone playing a middle class Dad mixing it with the flower children aagh! And yet here thanks to a perfect script it is made believable. Not ideal not good or bad but believable. Peter Boyle as the working class hippie and ni**er hater and Dennis Patrick as the uptight suit play their respective parts immaculately and I can't remember ever seeing the two classes getting together like this without things getting sentimental. Susan Sarandon is effective as a hippie chick but doesn't have all that much to do in her first film. This is a truly must see film capturing as it does that very short period in western and in particular US times when the counter culture was about to bust itself wide open.
critique2203 This place in England during 1940. Three orphans (Carrie Charles and Paul) are sent to live with Miss Price (Angela Lansbury). She doesn't want them but reluctantly takes them in. It seems she is studying to be a witch through a correspondence course with the College of Witchcraft. (OK--I realize this is a family film but--College of Witchcraft??? Come ON!!) Before she can finish the course though the college is closed because of the war (???) and she seeks down the head Professor Browne (David Tomlinson). And her and the kids travel around on a bed with the help of a magical bedknob.<br /><br />I first saw this when I was 9 and vaguely remember loving it. It sure doesn't hold up as an adult! The story is silly (even for a fantasy) the kids are terrible actors and one of them (Charles) is incredibly obnoxious. Also Roddy McDowall is third billed and only appears in two short scenes! There's also a trip to the Isle of Naboombu which is run by animated animals. I thought that might be fun but the animation is poor (for Disney) and it has a very violent and far too long soccer game between the animals. There are a few saving graces here: Lansbury and Tomlinson are just great; the songs (while forgettable) are pleasant; the long dance sequence on Portobello Road is very colorful and full of energy and the Oscar-winning special effects are still pretty impressive at the end. But the weak story line poor animation and unlikable kids really pull this one down. I heard the extended version is even worse! I can only give this a 7.
critique2204 Do not expect a classic military comedy which claims to make fun of the military while only enhancing a militaristic outlook. Instead it deconstructs the elements that make the military such a murderous machine. Kind of East German version of "Buffalo Soldiers".<br /><br />"NVA" works on a meta-level that it sympathizes with its heroes' attempts to escape from army drill any which way they can. It's not about loud laughs but about long lasting smiles. Utopian of course (in one scene you will be shown the harsh reality) but very thoughtful.<br /><br />Just to fill the required 10 lines: Do not go into that movie if you have been an army officer and liked your job.
critique2205 This movie is a fantastic movie. Everything about it in my opinion was top notch from the acting to the directing. I know Mr. Garfield was blacklisted in the 1950's but the majority of his other films are on video if not DVD. That being the casewhy isn't this one? A friend recorded it off of TCM for me but to have it on DVD would be great. For special features they could have say a Marine historian talk about the battle and if Mr. Schmid's wife or son are still alive they could be interviewed as well. Anyway this is a great movie and I highly recommend it.If it ever is put out hopefully it won't be colorized. Colorizing it would in my opinion just ruin the whole effect of the film. The battle scene was quite realistic as far as a 1945film would go. Mr. Garfield did a superb job of portraying Mr. Schmid. Some actors might have been tempted to overact the part of Mr.Schmid's disability but I feel he got it just right. I sincerely hope they come out with this movie on DVD someday as a tribute to the courage of Al Schmid and all the other marines who sacrificed so much for us in World War Two.
critique2206 Sheba Baby is another Pam Grier Blaxploitation film. It was one of Pam's less visceral films of this genre. Pam plays Sheba Shane who's a Chicago gumshoe. Sheba's father is the owner of a small loan company in Missouri. When local mobsters try to run her father of of business Sheba goes after the bad guys.<br /><br />Pam Grier had already made her mark in Blaxploitation films by the time Sheba Baby came along. Fans of both Coffy and Foxy Brown know that Pam is capable of an explosive intensity as an actress. In Sheba Baby the fiery performance that viewers had come to expect from Pam wasn't as evident in this film. Not that Pam doesn't kick-butt in Sheba Baby. She's just not as much of a runaway-train vigilante as she was in her previous Blaxploitation films.<br /><br />The supporting cast in this film are a distinct disappointment. So Sheba Baby is Pam's film through and through. And though Pam's a bit more subdued than in her other films she still gives a compelling performance in Sheba Baby. This film is definitely worth your time if you're an ardent Pam Grier fan.
critique2207 A sober reflexive piece a little miniature which blossoms into a magnificent humane pictorial sequence which goes beyond a mere dramatization for the screen. This quiet little story will hold you enthralled - if you do not have too many problems with the various Spanish accents ranging from Mexican to Peruvian and Marisa Paredes' more authentic Iberian Peninsular usage! GarcÃƒÂ­adiego has accomplished a perfect adaptation from the novel: even the grand maestro GarcÃƒÂ­a MÃƒÂ¡rquez should be proud of her superb work. And hats off to Arturo Ripstein who has so ably concerted the whole effort into a gem a ruby and so refined so elegant so sensitive so touchingly.....<br /><br />El Coronel - Fernando LujÃƒÂ¡n - is waiting to get his pension while he continues to live in his ramshackle timber dwelling deep in the Colombian jungle (however filmed elsewhere NOT in Colombia) with his fighting cock and his wife (in that order?). And that is all there is to it.<br /><br />But oh so much more.... This film is a rhapsody.<br /><br />I must see this poetic little piece again as soon as possible. Worth the high side of 8 out of 10 which is very high on my scale.<br /><br />This is not light commercial Hollywood stuff.
critique2208 I had tried to rent this on many occasions but was always with the girlfriend who as a general rule usually rejects heist flicks and ensemble comedies with the comment "Uhm... looks good but i'm not in the mood for that movie." Thus entereth the "Almighty Solo Movie Night"!<br /><br />Anyway I found Welcome To Collinwood a rather enjoyable movie. While ultimately fairly forgettable it does have moments of fun and a few laugh out loud moments. I was unfamiliar with the fact that it was a remake and as a general rule watch movies trying to ignore that fact and watch them on their own merits anyway. George Clooney puts in a humorous and brief cameo as a wheeled safe cracker that for the most part left me wondering two things... 1. wouldn't every comedy be better if Mr. Clooney put in a strange 5 minute cameo? and 2. How do they make fake tattoos that look old and faded and how easily do they wash off? The cast all fine actors in their own right put in a great job and you get the impression that they had a good time working together which is fairly important in a movie like this. Needless to say all does not go as planned in this movie both plot-wise and humor-wise but it made me check out the special features and consider watching the original so I consider it a success! Rent this one for a good time maybe grab a few friends and a pizza. you'll have a good time.<br /><br />***7/10***<br /><br />On a side note the soundtrack is spectacular. It's great to hear the far under appreciated Paolo Conte used and it left me humming snippets of the score long after the credits rolled.
critique2209 As a kid I grew up with the chintzy 60's TV series (and no I'm not that oldÃ‚Â… POW!). However when director Tim Burton brought his novel vision to the silver screen I simply took an immediate shine to it and never backed away from favoring his installments over the much hyped-latest additions ('Batman Begins' and 'The Dark Knight') which I don't really care for. Even if they're going for a much more grounded approach and wanting to explore Bruce Wayne/Batman psyche furtherÃ‚Â… but in honesty I don't think there's all that much to tap in to. I wanted crazy fun with a dark streak and in my eyes that's what Burton brought across and this is the reason why I can watch them over and over again. <br /><br />After wowing audiences with the 1989 'Batman' thanks to the gaudily Gothic art direction and Jack Nicholson take no-prisoners performance of the camped-up but psychotic Joker. Burton would return 3 years later for the follow up and my favorite of the batman films so far; 'Batman Returns'. Camp but well-done. In what would fair up to being even more expansive louder dreary and nihilistic and having two villainous foes for the price of one. Enter the grotesque Penguin (with Danny DeVito magnificently going out on a limb) and the ravishing Catwoman (a steamy Michelle Pfeiffer who fills out the suit nicely) coming to spoil Gotham's party. Again Batman (an aptly brooding Michael Keaton is equally commendable and looks quite imposing in that bat suitÃ‚Â… look at the eyes) plays second fiddle to the bad guys but I always preferred this sober interpretation of Batman that gave him an ominously gloomy mystique but also a wearing psychological complexity that never felt the need to force feed. And his turn of Bruce Wayne was well served too. Burton's illustratively atmospheric direction opens with his sleek Gothic style engraving an carnival comic book world filtered in with a splendid range of characters and vivid costumes. The moody narrative (in what probably is a tad too long) is more so symbolic in its progression rather show-piecing its spontaneously arresting and extravagant set-pieces and sharply etched art direction covered with shadowy tinges and grey/blue neon lighting of a wintry backdrop. The magnetically free-flowing camera-work takes flight and Danny Elfman's stately spacious score balances the playfulness along with gloomy touches with a very hypnotic pull. The rest of the performances might be overshadowed but Christopher Walken digs in his teeth into a smarmily glassy role of a two-faced businessman Max Shreck. Pat Hingle is back but gets very little to do as Commissioner James Gordon and Michael Gough is delightful as Alfred. In solid support are Michael Murphy Andrew Bryniarski Vincent Schiavelli Doug Jones and Peter Rubens also makes a cameo appearance.
critique2210 Whenever I hear a movie being touted because it has no sex violence bad language special effects and so on my b.s. detector goes off. Usually a movie like that is sentimental hogwash which panders to people who don't want anything to surprise them but to affirm how superior they are to us craven folk. So when David Lynch's THE STRAIGHT STORY began getting those kinds of reviews I was apprehensive especially since I was not a fan of his other "uplifting" story THE ELEPHANT MAN. For all the stunning images and the good acting in that film it seemed more interested in preaching to us than inspiring us.<br /><br />I needn't have worried. THE STRAIGHT STORY is an honest movie rather than a saccharine one. Most of that is due to the fact that Lynch and writers John Roach and Mary Sweeney tell it straight and simple for the most part. There are a couple of homilies by Straight I could have done without and the shots of grain being harvested are repeated a little too much but those are only quibbles. There's no heavy-handed message no sentimental strings to jerk our emotions and no condescension towards us and its characters. Instead they depend on the story to build its own power and it does so by the final scene we are genuinely moved.<br /><br />Of course casting Richard Farnsworth adds realism to the part. He really is someone who looks like he's lived through a lot but still perseveres and except for those homilies the desire he has to get back together with his brother doesn't seem overly sentimental because you can sense here is someone who's lived too long and seen too much to be driven by anger for long. And he knows his time is running out so he wants to make some peace not only with his brother but with his life. Sissy Spacek also does fine unmannered work as Straight's daughter. And although I am a city and suburban boy the Iowa and Wisconsin landscape are beautifully shot making me want at least to visit some day.
critique2211 I remember running home from school almost every day to catch KTLA's channel 5 monster movies but never did I run home faster then when this movie was scheduled. Somehow the idea of being a boy and having a giant robot as a friend appealed to me in a very unique way. Sure I pretended to be Spiderman Batman and other superheros but I really wanted to be Johnny Sakko over any of them. <br /><br />I have not seen this movie in 30 years and I can still remember it vividly. Who can forget the way Giant Robot shot missiles out of his fingers! Or how about the way Ghuillotene threw his fingernails to make explosions! Geez I can even still whistle the theme music that plays at the end which is so tragic that I remember crying myself to sleep a number of times!<br /><br />Only one other movie has the kind of magic that this movie does in my mind and that is the Wizard of Oz. But I have seen that movie many times since I was a kid. Of course the Wizard of Oz is a true classic whereas Voyage Into Space is low budget nonsense. These two films shouldn't even be mentioned in the same sentence but to a young boy it isn't high production values or continuity that capture your heart its flying monkeys and giant robots!<br /><br />P.S. My cousin use to do a very accurate impression of Giant Robot (he pronounced it "Giant Robutt.") If you recall Giant Robot had a particular way of shooting his missiles and my cousin had it down cold. I made him repeat the routine endlessly for my personal amusement.
critique2212 This is the best thing Burt Reynolds ever did . . . . nice combination of suspense and humor with an excellent supporting cast this is a very well written and credible urban drama with a great sound track as well . . . makes you wonder why Reynolds doesn't direct more movies . . .
critique2213 Kureishi hasn't exactly been blessed with movies that justify the quality of his writing. Recent adapted travesty's like 'Intimacy' have ruined great writing. But The Mother surpasses all his previous incarnations eclipsing even My Beautiful Laundrette. A middle-aged woman overcomes widow-hood by having a very carnal relationship with the boyfriend of her emotionally-weak daughter. The fact that you believe all this is credit to the quality of the acting as it is to the finite gift of the writing. And in Daniel Craig we have a strutting brash gruff anti-hero who denies the audience to ever question why a young stud would contemplate bedding a sagging grandmother. Beautifully shot the film fails only in the weak depiction of the peripheral characters but as a study of inconceivable lust it's a winner.
critique2214 In this satire of the commercialization and 'lightheartedness' of war John Cusack plays Brand Hauser an assassin sent to to 'Turaqistan' to take out Omar Sharif who is doing some oil business that will spell trouble for the former Vice President of the US's own company. In addition to this Hauser must juggle his fake position as a trade show producer a wedding for pop princess Yonica (Hillary Duff) and a nosy Liberal journalist Natalie (Marisa Tomei).<br /><br />Assessing the technical aspects: <br /><br />- The acting (by the main charactersat least) was good as was to be expected. Some of John Cusack's dialogue was quite obviously not written for him as he often seemed uncomfortable saying it. . . maybe unrealistic is more accurate. Joan put forth a great and often hilarious performance. Marisa Tomei while I've never been a big fan of hers was more than suitable for the role and worked well. Hillary Duff however was pretty terrible. They needed an attractive Middle Eastern (or Russian or whatever that accent was supposed to be) pop-star. Unfortunately they went 0 for 3 with her.<br /><br />- Like I said above the writing seemed a little stiff and mismatched at points especially John Cusack's dialogue. Not much of it mind but some. The story also got a bit ludicrous at points which is fine for a satire to a point but it took it to a whole new level here. Luckily the Cusacks and Tomei keep a relatively cool calm demeanor throughout and that makes a nice even mix of the craziness of the film and the levelheadedness of the actors.<br /><br />- Joshua Seftel who previously had a drought of real credits to his name did a fine job with a rather wide-spectrum film. He handled the small ($10 million) budget very well stretching it to make it appear to be much more. Seftel also managed to nicely blend the humour of the story. . . with the painful and hard-to-watch parts of the real war (including slaughter of civilians etc.).<br /><br />- As far as the general satire goes its exaggerated look on the commercializing of war is very well done especially the 'Golden Palace Poker' ads on the U.S. tanks. At points it becomes a little too much but in the end it still accurate portrays what it's going for an a young 'Mel Brooks'-type of style.<br /><br />Overall the film is very well made for the meager budget and it's definitely worthy of a look. It won't go down as one of the great satires of cinema but it's certainly not the worst.<br /><br />7/10.
critique2215 <br /><br />Giorgino is a strange dark obsessive object; the casting is impressive the plot is powerful reminded me of Edgar Poe's tales. Probably not a masterpiece but it does leave us with the remembrance of strong images fine music fear sadness confusion and a sentence that says it all : the wolves are coming. GIORGINO is quite forgotten now and when it was released nobody seemed to appreciate it. That's a shame. If you ever have a chance to see this well... give it a try.
critique2216 WARNING: PLOT SPOILER<br /><br />The always-abnormal movies of David Cronenberg certainly are an acquired taste. Fans of his earlier films will probably like `eXistenZ' but it definitely isn't one for the squeamish. All of the usual elements are here. A game pod made out of skin (hooked into your back) buckets of blood a gun made out of bones and a manic mechanic to name but a few. The result is good in parts bad in parts and just plain weird in others. But one thing the film has is undeniable originality. <br /><br />Despite the excessive use ofÃ‚Â… weirdness it does prove a point- virtual reality games can have a dangerous effect on some people. In the movie a character shoots someone dead claiming that he was `annoying' (assuming that she was still in the game). But it leaves the question as to whether that really happened or if it was an occurrence in this stunningly life-like game. `eXistenZ' leads to a conclusion that can be responded to in several ways. <br /><br />Despite some extra gadgets and gook it was simply your classic `it was all a dreamÃ‚Â… or was it' twist. It is a smart surprise and answers a few questions but giving that the entire film was leading up to this moment is a bit disappointing. At only 97 minutes it could have went on a bit longer too. In a peculiar way the film raises moral issues but answers them in a violent and rather inappropriate way. <br /><br />Jennifer Jason Leigh appears here in her first big role in quite a while. But her character doesn't have enough qualities to make her jump off the screen or even give her a likeable character. Jude Law on the other hand (equipped with a curious American accent) is good as your average Joe sucked into this abnormal world. We see the film through his perspective.<br /><br />`eXistenZ' is far from flawless but it certainly is a movie experience to remember. There's tonnes of weird characteristics to match the similar styles of David Lynch (what next? - being consumed by a question mark?!?!?!). It definitely isn't for all tastes but it is rewarding enough to recommend. My IMDb rating: 6.2/10.
critique2217 Especially after watching THE MATRIX RELOADED!! *SPOILERS*<br /><br />After seeing the Matrix with all it's ridiculous fantasy make-believe-robotic characters with their super powers it was refreshing to see an action movie with real people in situations that involved actual risk! I cared about these people and even though some of the stunts seemed a bit much it still left me feeling like "it's possible" verses "what a stupid video game" (like the Matrix)<br /><br />This movie isn't brain surgery it's very straight forward. Some things are predictable- like knowing that someone is going to be a back-stabber and that someone early on is going to die. Pretty obvious but SO WHAT? The first 15 minutes sets up our reason our motive our main objective.<br /><br />I like that Theron and Walhberg didn't have any make-out scenes. I am glad that they didn't go there. They kept it about funny dialogue ESPECIALLY SETH GREENE. That guy IS FUNNY!<br /><br />This is a movie that I would buy when it comes out on DVD. It's fun fast and entertaining. The only thing (and I guess it's a big thing) is that we are really - rooting for the bad guys. This group of protaganists are already on the wrong side of the law. Not a good message for the kiddies - parents please explain this to them.<br /><br />
critique2218 These guys are anything but the Usual Suspects! They are a total bunch of likeable oddballs who you want to see get away with itbut they are so hapless that there is very little chance of that.No one is better than William H Macy at portraying the man with a big heart but down on his luck.This is probably his best performance since Fargo.Sam Rockwell played the meathead boxer to perfectionand the rest of the gang were uniformly good also.Luis Guzman brought some great comic relief as Cosimoand George Clooney stole every scene in his cameo role.The heist scene at the end was absolutely hilarious.<br /><br />The direction was also spot on by the Russo brothers.There was certainly a Coen brothers feel to the film throughout and it will be interesting to see how they will develop their careers.They have a long way to go to match the Coen's but this is an excellent start and I look forward to their next celluloid outing. ......."Yo mutha's a whore"!
critique2219 On October of 1945 the American German descendant Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) arrives in a post-war Frankfurt and his bitter Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo JÃƒÂ¤regÃƒÂ¥rd) gets a job for him in the Zentropa train line as a sleeping car conductor. While traveling in the train learning his profession he sees the destructed occupied Germany and meets Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa) the daughter of the former powerful entrepreneur of transport business and owner of Zentropa Max Hartmann (JÃƒÂ¸rgen Reenberg). Leopold stays neutral between the allied forces and the Germans and becomes aware that there is a terrorist group called "Werewolves" killing the sympathizers of the allied and conducting subversive actions against the allied forces. He falls in love for Katharina and sooner she discloses that she was a "Werewolf". When Max commits suicide Leopold is also pressed by the "Werewolves" and need to take a position and a decision.<br /><br />"Europa" is an impressive and anguishing Kafkanian story of the great Danish director Lars von Trier. Using an expressionist style that recalls Fritz Lang and alternating a magnificent black & white cinematography with some colored details this movie discloses a difficult period of Germany and some of the problems this great nation had to face after being defeated in the war. Very impressive the action of the occupation forces destroying resources that could permit a faster reconstruction of a destroyed country and the corruption with the Jew that should identify Max. Jean-Marc Barr has an stunning performance in the role of man that wants to stay neutral but is manipulated everywhere by everybody. The hypnotic narration of Max Von Sydow is another touch of class in this awarded film. My vote is nine.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Europa"
critique2220 The title overstates the content of this movie somewhat which might lead to some unrealized expectations. Frankly speaking there's very little "panic in the streets" to be seen here. In fact throughout the movie very few people actually know that there's a murderer on the loose who may well be spreading the plague to everyone and anyone he encounters. Having said that what we do have here is a very well done story with a level of suspense that starts out reasonably high anyway (because unlike the people "in the streets" the viewer knows what's going on) and that director Elia Kazan builds very deliberately. As the plague-infected killer is sought one of the more interesting sidebars I found was the developing relationship between Dr. Reed (Richard Widmark) and Police Captain Warren (Paul Douglas). At the beginning the two really don't like each other even though they have to work together. By the end they've forged a real bond of respect for each other. Kazan did a good job with that.<br /><br />Pretty much all the performances here were excellent. Widmark and Douglas were great and I was quite taken with a very early look at Jack Palance playing what would become his typical "heavy" role. I found very little to criticize here. Perhaps Barbara Bel Geddes came across as a little bit flat as Reed's wife Nancy but her role wasn't really central to the story. All in all an excellent piece of work. 9/10
critique2221 True this is not John Sayles finest film (Brother From Another Planet) but it is not entirely forgettable either if not for any other reason than its message. Like Batman Wild Thing's parents were murdered in front of him leaving him to fend for himself in 'The Zone' a corrupt section of an unnamed city where greed and violence reign supreme. Instead of falling in with the likes of Chopper (Robert Davi) Wild Thing fights for justice using his powers of Tai Chi and eerie cat impressions occasionally lighting himself on fire. He becomes something of an urban legend a modern day Robin Hood and a hero for the ages. 1987 at its finest WILD THING LIVES
critique2222 Those two main characters Erkan and Stefan are a munich comedy act. I was wondering if this is one of these typical slapstick movies where the story is either not important or simply not existing. But when I saw this movie I was very happy that there is a cool story and the main characters really fit in it.<br /><br />All in all very amusing and not a common german movie.
critique2223 Yes it's "Flipper". But writer/director Alan Shapiro has put together a gem of a version. Spectacular above and underwater photography from "Jaws" veteran Bill Butler and haunting music by Joel McNeely and Crosby Stills & Nash make this truly memorable family entertainment. Shapiro whose last film was improbably "The Crush" shows himself once again to be an extremely talented -- and versatile -- filmmaker. Rent it!
critique2224 First of all I'd like to start by saying it's a refreshing start to see a British Drama that finally looks and feels believable. <br /><br />Patrick Stewart does the role justice as (Ian Hood) the government Science adviser with his constant and unwavering views on authority and thoughts about the future of "real world" science and how he feels It's either being used or abused by others. <br /><br />Not only is the casting thoroughly maintained all the way throughout the Series but it makes it's characters seem more believable than most other British Drama's. <br /><br />Ashley Jensen also delivers a first rate performance as Dr. Hood's Appointed bodyguard (Rachael Young) she brings a refreshing take on the unscientific Uninterested everyday views of science and her constant battling with Hood makes for some very funny and memorable moments between them.<br /><br />The way the series keeps all the scientific elements more realistic I Find positive and more engaging than the psychobabble we are so used to in other Fiction or Science Fiction TV shows. <br /><br />There are however notable disappointments with the series every time an Episode ends I find myself disappointed that they didn't seem to cover all aspects of the plot and sometimes leaving open-ended stories unclosed. <br /><br />Although bearing in mind that this is still the first series I hope that we see a return to form in the near future where these open ended stories can finally be given a significant conclusion they so rightly deserve.<br /><br />For those who enjoy more slow paced science related plot lines this is the ideal show to watch as it always manages to stay believable and more Importantly to the point.
critique2225 This film is the most cult movie on metal there is. Premise: A kid gets a hold of the final recording of his favorite artist Sammy Curr who recently dies in a hotel fire. He plays it backwards and summons him back from the dead to get revenge in the name of heavy metal on those b**tardly jocks who torment him. Any fan of true metal will enjoy this movie and if you are a metal head being tormented by jocks play a Sammy Curr album backwards.........no wait he is fictitious well get a hold of this movie and watch it with your fist in the air your head banging and the volume at 11!
critique2226 I have recently seen this production on DVD. It is the first time I have seen it since it was originally broadcast in 1983 and it was just as good as I remembered. At first as was worried it would seem old fashioned and I suppose it is a little dated and very wordy as the BBC serials were back then. (I miss those wonderful costume dramas that seemed to be always on Sunday afternoons back then) But that aside it is as near perfect as it could have been. I am a bit of a "Jane Eyre" purist as it is my favourite book and have never seen another production that is a faithful to the book as this one. I have recently re-read the book as well and some of the dialogue is just spot on. Reading the scene near the end where Rochester questions Jane about what St John was like I noticed their words were exactly reproduced on screen by Dalton and Clarke and done perfectly. <br /><br />All the other productions that have been done all seem lacking in some way some even leave out the "Rivers" family and their connection to Jane altogether. I also think this is the only production to include the "Gypsy" scene done correctly.<br /><br />The casting is perfect Zelah Clarke is like Jane is described in the book "small plain and dark" and I disagree that she looked too old. Timothy Dalton may be a little too handsome but he is absolutely perfect as Rochester portraying every aspect of his character just right and acting his socks off! I agree with other comment that he even appears quite scary at time like in the scene when he turns around slowly at the church when the wedding is interrupted his expression is fantastically frightening. But then in another favourite scene his joy is wonderful to see when Jane runs down the stairs and into his arms the morning after they declare their love for one another. A love that is wonderfully portrayed and totally believable. Oh to be loved by a man like that! There were a couple of scenes that were strangely missing however like when Jane climbs in to bed with the dying Helen and also when Rochester takes Jane shopping for her wedding things (I thought that one was in it but maybe my memory is playing tricks).<br /><br />Finally if you never see another production of Jane Eyre - you simply most see this one it is simply perfection!
critique2227 I can't understand why many IMDb users don't like this movie. Why they think it's sooooo bad etc. It's not worse than anything else out there. Personally I think "Soldier" is a great movie far better than most other films in the same genre.<br /><br />Reasons why I liked "Soldier": Kurt Russel Connie Nielsen Jason Scott Lee the script (David Webb Peoples) great visual effects and the directing (Paul Anderson).<br /><br />I even think that this is the best work I've seen from director Paul Anderson who has previously directed the entertaining "Mortal Kombat" and the not so entertaining "Event Horizon".
critique2228 George Barry's "Death Bed: The Bed That Eats" is at root a dark fairy tale told via a horror-movie framework. It is in my opinion one of the best films of the 1970s and it's downright criminal that the picture was basically stolen and distributed without Barry's knowledge (those responsible for this theft should be fed to the bed ASAP). If you're looking for overt gore or rabid action "Death Bed: The Bed That Eats" isn't the flick for you. "Death Bed" is a gentler weirder drive-in picture; it plays like an utterly strange dream half-remembered. I'd recommend reading Stephen Thrower's summation of "Death Bed" in Thrower's FAB Press book "Nightmare USA" (he describes the movie's vibe perfectly). Whether intentional or not I've noticed shades of "Death Bed" in everything from the "Phantasm" films to Michele Soavi's "Cemetery Man" to the magic-realism/slipstream fiction of authors such as Kelly Link. Barry is an original and in a fair world I'm sure he would've followed "Death Bed" with a number of fantastically bizarre films.
critique2229 I have never seen this in the theater my second viewing was tonight on big screen DVD as opposed to old VHS tape from rental store.<br /><br />Saucey for it's time and I'm sure the Hayes code was pushed to it's limits.<br /><br />Hitch's pallet here is the "game play" between two combatants. And yes if Guy calls the cops on Bruno right away the movie is 63 min shorter HELLO people do you always make the best or most logical choice. How many times have you been in either person's shoes and made the right choice? For the love of God it's called poetic license..However as Guy sees the situation he has found himself in he takes it upon himself to rectify it. He does not solicit help nor does he lie to his would be new wife. Her defense of him sets off the final show down with Bruno feeling he has one more card to play.<br /><br />For the cop shot-ting an innocent person in pre-cam corder days and before rules of engagement this type of thing did happen. In the post Rodney King world a presidential candidate backed the police in sending 43 bullets at an unarmed man. If you haven't seen or witnessed outrageous police behavior your blind or have an application pending for the academeny.<br /><br />Back to the movie...<br /><br />Go watch it with. Try and wear a post WWII filter and pretend your seeing a great suspense movie like many did for the first time back then and sure it's been copied since but your looking at one of the source of inspiration for many that followed.
critique2230 I really can't remember who recommended this but they said it was one of their favorite films. It is certainly a strange one - like rubbernecking at a highway accident.<br /><br />Someone said that truth is stranger than fiction and the truth here is something to see. I really can't understand how a fictionalized account of this documentary is to be released this year. How can you improve on this? The aunt and cousin of Jackie Kennedy remove themselves from New York Society and hide in the Hampton's. In the process they become recluses and what is best described as "crazy cat ladies." They would have stayed hidden had not the city move to condemn the property for the filth and the subsequent rescue by Jackie. This film was done after that rescue. All during you couldn't help but think "how bad was it before?" It's a look at high society from the darker side and it is utterly fascinating.
critique2231 I simply never tire of watching FREEBIRD. My husband was an extra so I was involved from the start. Have kept in touch with Jon and have helped out with promoting the film both in Cinemas and now the DVD release. Even to the extent of distributing promotional postcards on cross channel ferries and various places throughout France. FREEBIRD was expertly written and directed with the perfect combination of fun and serious moments plus choice casting. Only Phil Daniels could fit the role of Grouch. Great privilege to meet Jon and the cast at the party following the premier in January. Anything else you want doing Jon just ask either email or phone you know how to get me. Sue xx
critique2232 And I don't say it in a bad way.<br /><br />I watched this movie at the cinema when I was 6 or 7. For me and my cousins it was magical beautiful and scary at the same time. When we left the theatre Michael was our best friend even though we knew he had no idea about it.<br /><br />Over the years I saw this movie being aired a few times but I always changed the channel. Even seeing a few seconds of it would bring back that feeling of magic and warm my heart. And I liked it that way.<br /><br />So I've only seen this movie once and I believe it was a good decision not to watch it again. If I saw it today I know I couldn't help but criticise MJ's acting the plot (if there was one) and this and that. For me this is a childhood memory so my feelings towards it are those of a child from 20 years ago.<br /><br />I see my adult self intervenes in my rating and gives it an 8 for the memories and wonderful music. For that little kid who watched it in awe 20 years ago though this is definitely worthy of a 10.
critique2233 Strangely this version of OPEN YOUR EYES is more mature and more nuanced. Aided by hindsight Crowe's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than Amenabar's original. The Spanish filmmaker should get credit for thinking of the story first but there's no doubt that Crowe has improved on it -- if just slightly. Notice that you have no idea what the lead did in OPEN YOUR EYES but you know almost everything about the lead in VANILLA SKY. That's what i mean by more "fleshed out."
critique2234 I don't know what the last reviewer is talking about but this show is pure entertainment. Basically 2 dudes are put in competitions at a club to pick up girls in 3 different scenarios. They mix up the scenarios for each show so it is not the same every time. The panel of 4 judges is not afraid to call people out or admit it when they recognize game. They will break down what the guy did wrong and what they guy did right. Some contestants are weak some are strong but what happens is always entertaining. If you are a guy that goes out you can relate. I've seen weak game I've seen strong game and this show is for real. No doubt.
critique2235 Let me set the scene. It is the school holidays and there is absolutely nothing at the movies. I am with my friend deciding what to see. We look for a movie that is starting soon and "The Grinch" comes up. We buy tickets not knowing what to expect. What we got was a roller coaster of fun.<br /><br />Jim Carrey (who may I add is my No.1 actor in the whole world) was absolutely magnificent as the Grinch in this Ron Howard's best movie (next to Apollo 13). The way that this movie was made the scenery the actors the props and the music was just amazing. It really brought this childhood movie to life.<br /><br />The story is based upon the story of the grinch. As we all know the Grinch is a horrible person who just can't stand christmas. He lives high above whoville and has never mingled well with the townfolk. But one little girl is going to change The Grinch's look on life and on others in a drastic way.<br /><br />Cindy Lou Who (played by adorable new actress Taylor Momsem) meets the Grinch as finds the kind part of him straight away. She attempts to break the barrier and to help the Grinch move in and mingle with the towns people.<br /><br />All up this movie is a barrel of laughs for the whole family both kids and parents. A SOLID 10/10. Well done Jim.<br /><br />
critique2236 Boasting an all-star cast so impressive that it almost seems like the "Mad Mad Mad Mad World" of horror pictures "The Sentinel" (1977) is nevertheless an effectively creepy film centering on the relatively unknown actress Cristina Raines. In this one she plays a fashion model Alison Parker who moves into a Brooklyn Heights brownstone that is (and I don't think I'm giving away too much at this late date) very close to the gateway of Hell. And as a tenant in this building she suffers far worse conditions than leaky plumbing and the occasional water bug to put it mildly! Indeed the scene in which Alison encounters her noisy upstairs neighbor is truly terrifying and should certainly send the ice water coursing down the spines of most viewers. Despite many critics' complaints regarding Raines' acting ability I thought she was just fine more than ably holding her own in scenes with Ava Gardner Burgess Meredith Arthur Kennedy Chris Sarandon and Eli Wallach. The picture builds to an effectively eerie conclusion and although some plot points go unexplained I was left feeling more than satisfied. As the book "DVD Delirium" puts it "any movie with Beverly D'Angelo and Sylvia Miles as topless cannibal lesbians in leotards can't be all bad"! On a side note yesterday I walked over to 10 Montague Terrace in Brooklyn Heights to take a look at the Sentinel House. Yes it's still there and although shorn of its heavy coat of ivy and lacking a blind priest/nun at the top-floor window looks much the same as it did in this picture. If this house really does sit atop the entrance to Hell I take it that Hell is...the Brooklyn Queens Expressway. But we New Yorkers have known THAT for some time!
critique2237 This movie captures the absurd essence of an overbearing American patriot actor -- one that believes his work (and politics) are as crucial to the American people as the opinions of the President himself. Alan Bates captures this mindset perfectly as Michael Baytes and I will immortally remember Bates as this character. This is a movie for Canadians and Americans alike. It is a valuable piece of cinema that which is able to take its audience through the magic of making a film and reveal just how easy it is for the producer and director to lose complete control to the will of the actors and innumerable outside forces. Wonderfully "Hollywood North" does not suffer from the subject that it portrays: Peter O'Brian directs with precision and complete control and commands both the serious 'behind-the-scenes' portion of the movie and the movie-within-the-movie "Flight to Bogota" with clarity and insight. If you are at all interested in the wit and strength of Canadian cinema "Hollywood North" is a great place to start.
critique2238 Shrek anyone? Well imagine Shrek in the ice age. Remember the ending of Shrek? Of cause you do. Now imagine that Shrek turns into a human and so does the princess. Get it? Nice animation actually much more of an art work than Pixar and Disney pictures which are trying to get as close to reality as possible in their drawings. Strong one-liners some social comments that kids won't understand the good guys win. One thing more: Scrat. By the way how does everybody know his name is Scrat? 7/10
critique2239 Look this is quite possibly one of the best movies America has to offer the rest of the world. To hate this movie is to hate freedom itself. I remember that the early 80's were a time of uncertainty. The economy was weak communism threatened us all and nuclear destruction was almost a certainty. Out of that confusion came a hero Stroker Ace. Ned Beatty's performance in this movie showed he was never again to be type cast as a one dimensional victim in the wilderness. His triumph is an inspiration to all. The on-screen chemistry between Burt and Loni draws obvious comparisons to Brad and Jennifer. Jim Nabors is a poet. Go see this movie tonight!
critique2240 I thought this was one of the best movies I've seen in a very long time. It was a great story line and showed that people are so intricate in all kinds of different ways. Have recommended it to all my friends!! I always enjoy a good story line and this movie had one of the best I've seen in a long time. I could see myself having a daughter and doing the same things that Natalie did to find out more about her life and loves. It showed how we not only have lives with our families ; but also have parts of our lives that we don't share with them - as it may not be in their best interest to know all the details of things we don't do that we are so proud of.<br /><br />I look forward to another such movie and will keep my eye out.
critique2241 This movie is based on the true story of Iowa housewife Lucille Fray who got breast cancer after the birth of her 10th child. Realizing that the state would take the children away from her ineffectual alcoholic husband she devoted the last year of her life traveling around the state to find new homes for each of the children. A terrific script - which still holds up 20 years after it was first made. The grown children many of whom had not seen each other since their mother died in the late 50's were reunited on "That's Incredible" prior to the film's airing in 1983. Barbara Stanwyck won the Emmy for best actress in a TV movie or mini-series but during her acceptance speech she went out of her way to single Ann-Margret out for her moving performance.
critique2242 Barriers seems to be one of those series that have been lost in the mists of time. After it's transmission in the early 80s and one repeat it's since sunk without trace. This is a crying shame.<br /><br />I originally watched this when it was transmitted in the Southern TV region on Sunday afternoons and was classic tea-time viewing. Although I don't remember a great deal about the program a few things stuck in my mind. Most notable were the unforgettable titles. The mournful flute music accompanying the attempted escape across an East European border and the subsequent car crash (and that scene has left me with an abiding love of 'fintail' Mercedes models as they used a Merc 200). Although it wasn't obvious at the start the solution to the series' mystery was in these titles.<br /><br />The plot about a young music student trying to unravel what really happened when he discovers he was adopted had lots of twists and turns but Barriers was a surprisingly 'adult' children's drama. Benedict Taylor was excellent as Billy and it was a shame he didn't do a lot more.<br /><br />This was a quality drama well overdue for a DVD release and I hope I'll get the chance to re-acquaint myself with it in the future.<br /><br />A fond memory from my childhood
critique2243 I'm no fan of newer movies but this one was a real pleasure to watch. Adults and children could watch it together - how unusual! My aunt liked it too. It had laughter tears love adventure special effects good actors - and a talking parrot. It reminded me of a favourite The Wizard of Oz. The hero Paulie an intelligent parrot is separated from his home and family and goes through many adventures temptations and disappointments always keeping in mind his resolution to find his friend Marie. Highly recommended.
critique2244 I'm sure the film contains certain gaps in logic but I was so enthralled by it that I really didn't care. The movie plays out like a fun lighthearted teen romp combined with a Schwarzenegger-type action flick. It's packed with action packed with excitement and has some humorous moments as well. Sean Astin is fun to watch and I haven't seen Louis Gossett Jr. since I saw "Diggstown" in theaters. He is a fine underrated actor and I love watching him on screen. I just wonder what he's doing now. Unfortunately he might be starring in a lot of those direct-to-video flicks. Hopefully my assumption is wrong. Anyway this is a fun edge-of-your-seat thriller and I definitely suggest you check it out. <br /><br />My score: 7 (out of 10)
critique2245 I loved this episode. It is so great that all 5 of them team up and stop LutherCorp and save the world. I also love this episode because Kyle Gallner (Bart Allen/Impulse) and Justin Hartley (Oliver Queen/Green Arrow) are guest starring in it!!! I just hope that Clark will join the Justice League and we'll get to follow this group of heroes across the globe!! =)It was really exciting and keeps viewers interested because of what will happen next. I think Chloe should also join the team as Watchtower that would be such a coool thing for her to do besides the Daily Planet because she doesn't have super powers. Also I want to find out what types of subjects Lex is going to use for 33.1 I wonder what other types of powers other people in the world have!!!
critique2246 This depiction of forlorn Japanese forces in the Philipines is a tour de force in the utter meaninglessness of war. It is an effective representation of Japanese pacifist views after WW II. In the movie Japanese soldiers have been left to fend for themselves in the jungles of the Philipines. Faced with impending starvation they resort to cannibalism and gradually lose what little humanity they have left. To call this film depressing would be something of an understatement. The viewer is left with an utterly despairing sense of life's lost value in modern combat. The final scene is almost too nihilistic but the film is a worthy statement none-the-less. Highly recommended.
critique2247 The Invisible Mouse is a delightful and different Tom & Jerry's cartoon. It features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles but in a different way this time. Jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of "surprises" for Tom scare him torment him and confuse him.<br /><br />As much as it is weird it's also very cool and funny to see what we can't see: Jerry invisible. It's amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who right?) - it's like those things had a life of their own or even almost like a matter of ghosts. It's equally amusing to see Jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. I really like that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.<br /><br />Some of the best jokes on this short are when Tom sees Jerry's shadow and slams him and even when Tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and Jerry writes "Missed me". I also like when Jerry drinks Tom's chocolate milk becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.<br /><br />Overall this short has the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor entertainment fun and some nice artwork too.
critique2248 Flavia the Heretic is an undeniable work of art and probably my number one recommendation to state that the euro-exploitation cinema is severely underrated and not to be ignored. This is an intelligent and complex film beautifully realized and Ã‚Â– surprise Ã‚Â– pretty damn accurate! This is more than just meaningless sleaze or gratuitous violence and it's about time those prudish film committees who categorize Flavia as forbidden trash reckon this as well. Flavia is a beautiful 14th century adolescent forced to live the life of an obedient nun in a strict convent. She refuses to accept her being inferior just because she's female and she curses her fellow sister for being so tolerant about this. After a fruitless attempt to escape she befriends another rebellious nun and she even guides a troop of bloodthirsty Muslims into the walls of the convent.<br /><br />Flavia is a downright mesmerizing film! Almost impossible to believe that director Gianfranco Mingozzi managed to make it appear so realistic and so disturbing. I challenge you to come up with a title that centers on the topic of pioneer-feminism more intensely than Flavia does. Several sequences are quite shocking (on the verge of nightmarish actually) as the camera zooms in on brutal rapes torture and mutilation. Yet all this raw footage isn't just used to satisfy perverted gorehounds mind you. I'm strongly convinced that they're part of the statement 'Flavia' is trying to communicate: Humanity (the Catholic Church in particular) historically proved itself to be a hypocrite and discriminating race and there's no use in denying it any further. Films like "Flavia the Heretic" have the courage to question and openly condemn our precious ancestors and I truly admire them for it. Flavia is an outstanding and fundamental exploitation film because of its substance but it's even brought to an higher level by the wondrous cinematography the glorious costumes & scenery and a breathtaking musical score by Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as the ambitious and headstrong nun but it's MarÃƒÂ­a Casares who steals the show as Sister Agatha. She's a man-hating and loud-mouthed nun who likes to urinate in the open field! Amen sister!
critique2249 My wife and I have watched this movie twice. Both of us used to be in the Military. Besides being funny as hell it offers a very realistic view of life in the Navy from the perspective of A Navy enlisted man and tells it "like it really is". We're adding this movie to our permanent collection !
critique2250 I just came back from Hong Kong on my summer vacation and saw the Legend of ZU. I thought it kicked a*s! It was so creative and unique. It's the Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon with a lot less drama. Even if some thought there was too much special FX(yeah right!) you can't complain about the cast. Zhang Ziyi and Cecilia Cheung are so fine!!! The Legend of ZU.....kicks a*s!!!!!!!!
critique2251 A well-made run-of-the-mill movie with a tragic ending. Pluses: The way the story moves - begins with Soorya struggling to live followed by a long flashback about why he's there. The Music. A disinterested look at the life of policemen. Minuses: The violence and the gore but I guess they add to the realistic effects. Still having people's heads chopped off and sent in boxes and sacks could have been avoided.<br /><br />No complaints - 7/10
critique2252 Looks as if the Robocop writer has been wholesale looting The Vindicator. This is a very solid horror/action movie about a man set up in an accident to be used in cruel experiment. Anyone who have seen Robocop knows the story. Watch out for Pam Grier as a bitchy and darn good looking assassin. This highly effective violent and bloody horror movie may not be to everyones liking but this Canadian outing is well worth seeking out for anyone who is fan of the genre. 8/10
critique2253 Nigel Balchin's maze-like novel 'A Way Through the Wood' has been adapted by Julian Fellowes who also directs this 'terribly British' drawing room suspense piece. It is a film whose effect relies on the cast portraying the varyingly benign/malignant characters and it is here that Fellowes' directorial choices are superb. The story has a linear line that is easy to follow but the beauty of the film is the metamorphosis of each player as a single incident ignites a minefield of disasters.<br /><br />James Manning (Tom Wilkinson) is a successful business obsessed solicitor in London married to Anne (Emily Watson) who needs more in her life: the couple being childless live in the country in a beautiful estate assisted by their long term 'cleaner' Maggie (Linda Bassett). They attend social outings and meet among others William Bule (Rupert Everett) the passively lazy wealthy neighbor. Anne decides they should entertain their neighbors and against gruff James' protestation Anne proceeds with planning: James arranges to 'not attend due to business'. On the night of the party there is a hit and run accident in which Maggie's husband is accidentally killed by someone in a Range Rover (she observed). When James returns home he sees a scratch on William's Range Rover and suspects William to be the perpetrator. Anne discourages James from going to the police with the information -'what possible good can it do but ruin Bill's life as a socialite and father and son of an important scion?'. From this first 'lie' the virus spreads: James confronts Bill who talks James out of going to the police Anne confesses it was she who was driving Bill's Rover and is the one responsible James convinces Anne to keep it quiet because it would ruin his reputation Anne confesses she is having an affair with Bill and the three of them concur that they will stick together on their big lie for the sake of the greater good. Anne eventually succumbs to the guilt of not telling her beloved Maggie that she is the one responsible and Maggie herself guilty of a previous theft whose life was saved by Anne's mercy to hire her anyway is the agent who draws the story to its surprising conclusion. Lies begat lies that begat lies et cetera.<br /><br />The major impact of this intrigue is the manner in which the isolated tragedy impacts each of the characters involved. Each changes in a dramatic way. Tome Wilkinson gives the finest performance of a career filled with brilliant performances: he is able to say more with his posture and facial expressions than about any actor before the audience today. Likewise the gifted Emily Watson adds yet another fine role to her repertoire as does the surprisingly smarmy Rupert Everett who despite being yet another wealthy British 'gentleman' gives us a man both arid of spirit and yet ultimately needy. And the always-fine Linda Bassett takes a small role and finesses it making her character quietly central to the chaotic web of lies.<br /><br />The cinematography by Tony Pierce-Roberts and the musical score by Stanislas Syrewicz add immeasurably to the multiple atmospheres the story encounters. This is ensemble playing at its finest which always means that the director (Julian Fellowes) has a fine grasp on the piece. The interplay of these fine people makes the dodgy story work very well indeed. Grady Harp
critique2254 I've felt that Rupert Grint has a lot of promise from that role by which everyone knows him. So even though I had never heard of this film before when it appeared in my cable TV listings I immediately switched to that channel. I am so happy that I did! <br /><br />I've read from other reviewers that they don't generally like coming of age stories; I on the other hand quite do. I am one of those who is always coming of age; I have been since I was 12 I'm 52 now and I will probably continue until I'm 92. Coming of age is nothing more than suddenly realizing the possibilities that another day brings. The suddenness of the realization the magnitude of it sometimes throws us into disarray. If we try to shelter our delicate selves from that then yes I can see how the coming of age can end. But if we simply dust ourselves off and settle into the new direction we've discovered then we're all of a sudden on a new path and we're just as alive as we were yesterday only stronger brighter and I daresay more interesting. <br /><br />So that's what this movie was about. This was a coming of age story all the way round; young Ben his father Father Robert and certainly Dame Evie... all went through a marvelous transformation. In fact so too did Mr. Fincham didn't he?! All did I suspect except in fact the mother in spite of her enormous opportunity so to do provided by the events of the end of the film. One is left with the feeling that she will continue on exactly the same path she's been on only with perhaps a different supporting cast.<br /><br />So an excellent film that could not possibly have been made in America which is utterly depressing to think about but thank God we have a steady supply of films made elsewhere that we occasionally get to see. I really heartily recommend this film so long as you don't mind cringing through those parts of it that are all too familiar to us all and grinning through all the rest of it.
critique2255 Since the last horrid AstÃƒÂ©rix film and the fact that we only get the Swiss German version in cinemas here I went to watch it with quite a bit of trepidation... Unfounded as I was happy to discover ^____^<br /><br />The film is funny and modern has good gags a good animation an amusing character interaction a good voice cast (Note: I can only speak for the Swiss German one!) except for the Viking chief's daughter Abba (her name is great despite the not very inspired voice actress)...<br /><br />I especially liked the character Justforkix (Goudurix in French Grautvornix in German. He's the young man who is supposed to be put in shape...). He's a very amusing portrayal of a mollycoddled urban teenager; but he's very likable despite the teenage mannerisms... XD The interaction between AstÃƒÂ©rix & ObÃƒÂ©lix and their young charge is fantastic and thoroughly entertaining.<br /><br />It shouldn't be compared to the old films since this one is quite different... Which surprisingly doesn't make it bad. On the contrary. When they tried to modernize the last film (twelve years ago) they completely blew it. This film however proved that it can be done just fine... ^-^<br /><br />I came out of the theater cheerful... Always a good sign ^_~
critique2256 Simply one of the funiest movies i've ever seen. It's a parody of crime-life parody of everything that represents the Chicago 1930.- There is no realy need to underestimate this movie because rating is under 5. Its a opinion of a mass and mass is hypnotized. Who decide to watch it - it will regret Who decide not to watch it - will regret more.
critique2257 My Tutor Friend is a well scripted romance comedy movie that has something similar to My Sassy Girl.. there's no kissing/sex scenes. Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions. Sex is not always required in a good romantic movie.<br /><br />The movie is of light hearted tone with occasional cartoon CG scenes blended into the movie. I like the part when Ji-Hoon almost kissed Su-Wan. The funniest moment is when Ji-Hoon punched Su-Wan's first love because he dumped Su-Wan for another girl and he is going to be a father soon. How he became a father was revealed in the next scene which brings smiles to the audience.<br /><br />Mao points: 8/10
critique2258 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique2259 I just watched this short at the PlanetOut Movies. <br /><br />Starcrossed was a very sweet sad little movie about two brothers that are in love. There is some great subtle acting from both the male leads. Often times movies with this subject matter seem to get too caught up in the controversy and shock value of the plot that they forget that there is an actual story. Luckily writer director James Burkhammer does not do this and instead lets the story play out with honesty. The sequences of the two boys first falling in love are very sweet.
critique2260 Following on directly from the last episode of the previous series Yes Minister.<br /><br />Jim Hacker now finds himself inside Number 10 Downing Street as Prime Minister of Great Britain instead of a Cabinet Minister and a member of the government he is now leading Her Majesty's Government.<br /><br />All this after some scheming maneuvers by Sir Humphrey Appleby after the previous Prime Minister resigned at the end of Yes Minister. <br /><br />Sir Humphrey Appleby is now the head of the Civil Service.<br /><br />I thought that this series was better than the first series or though it did not last as long as the first series unfortunately.
critique2261 I know I know it was a good ending but sincerely it was awesome. I love when a movie ends on a terrific dark nature but this time I was impressed with Darth Vader turning against the Emperor I really stayed astonished. The anguishing sequence in that film was when Luke is tortured and defeated by the Emperor/Darth Sidious. He is about to be destroyed when Darth Vader Dark Lord of the Sith eliminates his dark master. A nice sacrifice. The cinematography of this film is impressive. I was surprised with all the vessels of the Rebel Battle ships and all Imperial War Ships and Super Star Destroyers. I loved the new race they brought on screen the Mon Calomari the ewoks the sullesteian (Lando's co pilot) and many more... Most of my favorite scenes are in that film:1-When Vader destroys the Emperor and is fatally wounded. 2- When Luke sees the spirits of Obi-Wan and Yoda and then it shows up Anakin Skywalker (Sebastian Shaw)(the greatest scene in Star Wars) 3- When LEia slays Jabba strangling the Hutt crime lord.<br /><br />I personally like the script and the battle of Endor presenting a ground and space combat as well the best duel of Star Wars between Darth Vader V.s Luke Skywalker on the Death Star. Post-script: The scenes with Leia in the slave bikini are memorable. 9/10.
critique2262 Last year I fell in love with the Tim Burton's version of Sweeney Todd so I wanted to check out the other versions of this musical and I found this one at the library. Though I think Burton's is best probably because I like film a lot better than theater this is still a great production of the story. I haven't seen any of the other versions but I am trying to get my hands on them.<br /><br />After seeing Johnny Depp as Todd it's hard for me to imagine anyone else in the role but George Hearn does a fantastic job. Angela Lansbury is great as always and all of the singing is fantastic. I found myself singing along. This is a play you won't want to miss but try and see it before you see the film version so you won't have a biased view like me.
critique2263 Wow just caught this movie from Blockbuster and I love finding gems like this. While it was definitely shot on a budget and misses a little bit in clumsy editing (i.e. accident hospital scenes second to last end scenes) for a first directorial effort I give this 10 stars! I absolutely loved the thought provoking concepts brought forth and if you're a free thinker and open to ideas outside the box I highly highly recommend this movie. I think the director and writer Jay Floyd should be given some attention and more opportunities in the film industry. Based on his credits he may be another Quentin Tarantino.
critique2264 Director/star Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact" is an intriguing addition to the "Dirty Harry" series - a combination of crude film-making and genius. It's mediocre and silly in parts brilliant and classic in others with compelling gripping pacing. There are numerous echoes of the first film here - the shoot 'em up "Make my day" scene recalls the "Do you feel lucky" one one of the villains is as viscerally repugnant as the first film's Scorpio an actor who played a minor baddie in the first one returns here as Harry's partner - just to name a few.<br /><br />Harry Callahan is still at odds with the higher-ups in the department still mean still tough but now he's older and wearier. His constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his inner conflict - a respect and reverence for the law versus a desire to serve the pure spirit of justice the two things not always being compatible. This "incompatibility" is the underlying theme of the series. The first film posed a simple question "What about the victim's rights?" - (do they outweigh those of the criminal? Vice versa? Depends?). That film's answer was controversial prompting a sequel (the highly enjoyable "Magnum Force") which set out to draw the line between Harry's brand of justice and pure heartless vigilantism. Dirty Harry like many of Clint's other roles is the personification of vengeance the protector of the the defenseless. This movie however brings it back to the victim in this case Jennifer (portrayed by Sondra Locke) who decides to avenge the rape of herself and her now-incapacitated sister by ruthlessly hunting down and ritualistically executing the men (and one woman) who committed the crime.<br /><br />Without going into a play-by-play of the whole movie I will say this - I mentioned earlier that "Sudden Impact" echoes the first film - it actually also sprinkles in little references and in-jokes from the whole series (the confusion concerning the captain's last name is an example - an intentional prank I believe). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is neat - has our rogue cop hero found a soul-mate in this lady vigilante? And is she a vigilante or a victim justifiably standing up for her and her sister's tarnished rights? The exchange between these two at the very end of the film is a poetic denouement of the series one which I personally (as a fan) found quite moving. That last scene alone makes Sudden Impact the legitimate climax to the "Dirty Harry" collection the perfect answer to the conflict posed in the first film. (Not to knock "The Dead Pool" - that excellent movie was a relatively light-hearted suspenseful yet comic thriller featuring Harry Callahan rather than a character-defining film like this one).<br /><br />This movie did well in the theaters - audiences in the Reagan Era found Harry and his ilk quite appealing and the President himself frequently quoted "Go ahead make my day."
critique2265 You looking for a comic drama with suspense and an ensemble cast? Well locate this little sleeper. John Lithgow and Billy Bob Thorton are great in this little plot twister. Don't forget the cameo by Jamie Lee Curtis. A touch of the 60's a touch of "the Prince and the Pauper" and dash of that homegrown gold makes for a greast little story.
critique2266 FIVE STAR FINAL was one of the best films of the early 1930s. It starred Edward G. Robinson and was a very gritty story about a sleazy newspaper and their willingness to do anything...ANYTHING to sell newspapers. In particular an old story of an innocent woman is plastered across the pages and helps to destroy her now happy life--many years after she was inadvertently involved in a scandal. The reason I loved the film so much was that it was unflinching and pulled no punches--showing just how low the publishers can be to sell papers.<br /><br />Here in TWO AGAINST THE WORLD it is a remake of FIVE STAR FINAL--with a few changes. Instead of Robinson this film stars Humphrey Bogart and he is the head of programming at a radio station not a newspaper. Otherwise the story is essentially the same--except that it's a bit less edgy and lacks some of the grit and sensationalism of the original. This isn't to say the film is bad--it just doesn't pack quite as good a punch as the first film. In other words if you must see one of these films see the first--though this film is quite powerful and enjoyable as well. As for me I loved the story so much I saw both films and enjoyed them both.<br /><br />TWO AGAINST THE WORLD begins with the UBC radio owner complaining to his programming head (Bogart) that all the "high brow" shows he's put on are getting low ratings. The owner demands muck--lots of muck in order to get more listeners. One way they discuss is to do a multi-part dramatization of a famous killing that occurred two decades ago--even though the killer was acquitted and she killed only in self-defense. However they decide to play up the story as if she was guilty and they even go so far as to both send a writer to the lady's home pretending to be a minister(!) as well as broadcasting her current name and whereabouts. Needless to say this ruins the woman and leads to a horrible tragedy. Then and only then does Bogart feel any real remorse for producing such garbage--leading to a dandy finale about journalistic integrity and decency.<br /><br />Well-acted a great story idea and a message that is just as important today as it was back in the 1930s this is one story you have to see. In particular notice the wonderful and very emotional confrontation scene where the daughter attacks the owner and Bogart---it is one heck of a great example of acting and writing.
critique2267 I think it is a brilliant show with cool talking heads and very cool action. 2 guys who pretend to be masters in women seduction demonstrate their skills at different night clubs and 4 experts (pickup artists themselves) comment on them choosing the winner. Their jokes are amusing and some participators are really fun to watch. More so this show really teaches men how to get in touch with women lots of expert's comments are useful while you may see how it works in the field. Actually I think this is one of the best TV shows and I totally recommend this to all men who like women.<br /><br />ps/ pardon for my broken engrish.
critique2268 Ah Domino is actually a breath of fresh air something new to the cinema world. I enjoyed the movie a lot because of the intricate plot the varied characters and the intense camera effects. I've seen some complain about the camera work and in fact according to the creators themselves the flashy and wild shots were all the culmination of mistakes made through time. All of what you see was the desired effect. Perhaps some complain because something quite like this has never been done before although that's what sets it apart. In a deeper aspect what you are seeing is just how Domino sees things through her eyes think about it.<br /><br />When it comes to the story I don't see anything quite bad about it. Despite it's "messy" nature according to some it is in fact just a rapid form of storytelling. The plot really isn't all that hard to follow if you actually focus on what's going on. Maybe it's just me because I see movies from many different aspects such as the acting the plot etc. I'm no "interpreter" or anything who picks movies apart it just comes to me. With that said I believe this is quite an excellent movie indeed despite it's future as a cult-classic blockbuster or whatever.<br /><br />And the characters well there's no doubting how varied the cast is. I believe the cast is excellent as they all do fine jobs portraying their characters effectively that's what makes a movie ladies and gentlemen. The characters are all very unique and a plus is that you get to witness a small piece of each one of their lives setting them apart even further. Basically I personally loved the cast and characters.<br /><br />All those who bash and burn this film perhaps just don't see it as I do or it just doesn't appeal to them. No matter this is a great film in it's own right no it's a great film period.
critique2269 There are only a handful of movies that were made on such a grand scale and made such a difference in the art of movie making.<br /><br />"Bronenosets Potyomkin" is one of these movies and it should be on anyone's list looking to learn more about the history of cinema. <br /><br />Grigori Aleksandrov & Sergei M. Eisenstein directed this groundbreaking film that documents the horrors taking place on a Russian battleship. When the sailors finally retaliate against their superiors the locals embrace the them and support them. Things get ugly when a group of soldiers are sent to the small town to take care of business. What follows is one of the most imitated scenes in the history of cinema. Anyone who has seen "The Untouchables" and "Bronenosets Potyomkin" knows exactly what I mean.<br /><br />Overall I think this movie raised the bar for film making just as "Intolerance" did a few years earlier. If you do not mind silent films do yourself a favor and see "Bronenosets Potyomkin". <br /><br />If you don't like silent films..... watch "Bronenosets Potyomkin" anyway. <br /><br />
critique2270 it would be a shame if one has yet to watch speed racer be it dubbed or subbed (i prefer the dubbed version (which is rare) because it was funny...in a good way). what's great about speed racer is that you're never too old to watch it. go red and yellow!! i first saw this when i was around seven and enjoyed hearing the catchy opening. it disappeared for some time then i saw it again a couple of months ago (i'm 19). imagine the feeling of nostalgia surging in singing "here he comes here comes speed racer! he's a demon on wheels~~~" over and over again. anyway the concept of the mach 5 spawned so many 'ultra-multi-function-special-cars' but none were able to surpass its genius in construction. the other cars just seemed too much. and it wasn't just the races or battling different bosses that made it interesting for me. it was racer-x's mystery persona and how the world of speed racer pretty much 'happened' to revolve around it. they did some tweaking to some story lines from the manga but it all turned out pretty well. though i can't remember if the show actually revealed how racer-x looked like in the manga they did.
critique2271 The word Ghilli actually means a small sharp wooden game instrument that is used in a game called ghilli-danda (a precursor to Cricket) in India. The use of the word as nickname for the principal character is stylish as it signifies one who is sharp fast and can hurt badly when rubbed in the wrong way.<br /><br />Ghilli is one of the best movies for Vijay and in it is unrivaled in its pace and action. The movie never slacks for a moment and keep you always with some exciting action. The movie is set in Madurai and Chennai and its story core is simple. A rich landlord tries to covet a beautiful girl in his town and his unquestionable power and authority prevents the girl from seeking a justice. The hero tries to rescue her and the majority of this movie portrays the week in which all this action happens.<br /><br />A very exciting movie and though the story is nothing new the director and the actors receive praise for the full-paced action.
critique2272 Went to see this as Me and my Lady had little else to do on a sunday afternoon I like films that deal with sleazyloser characters and this is full of em. After a slow start we get some good turns from the cast but it is the actual 'Bellini' that both makes and lets the film down. The 'Bellini' is one of the funniest scenes I have seen in a film for a long while but is too short and could have made this a masterpiece overall 71/2 out of 10
critique2273 I really wonder how this show plays in the U.K. and the rest of Europe. IT IS SO SELF-LOATHING ABOUT BEING AN American(particularly white Americans). That could be a big reason for some of the venom and vitriol expressed here on this board. I love the show but it is with some reservations and I feel it took the easy way out by Spoiler Spoiler:<br /><br />Crashing and burning everything at the end of the second season. Julie slammed the door shut on any hope of reviving the show unless her character lands on a haystack in the middle of some farm. Who knows? It was a funny raunchy and on occasion kinda scary show.
critique2274 Three teenage girls in an incomplete triangular relation. The base of the triangle is barely there. At the apex is Marie a serious short and lean tomboy with a Belmondo-like facial structure. Her best friend is the physical and psychological opposite: coquette chubby -- I dare say fat -- and desirous for her first kiss with a boy but not quite ready for her first sexual encounter. Because of her chubbiness boys don't seem interested and it pains her.<br /><br />The other leg of the apex is a beautiful "fille fatale" blonde vamp. She is deeply involved in the sport of synchronized swimming performing at competitive level. Marie sees her during a competition at the local public swimming pool. Marie insinuates herself into the life of the vamp using the desire to become a synchronized swimmer as an argument. The vamp has a reputation of being a whore making out with any young male that orbits around her. Marie is not phased out by that reputation. Put a stress on reputation.<br /><br />The first half is set up. We get to see a lot of synchronized swimming as we become familiar with the three girls. Eventually the narrative leaves synchronized swimming behind and concentrates on the topsy-turvy relations among the three. That's when unexpected things start to happen.<br /><br />It is a trademark of French films to drop nuggets of wisdom on the viewer. This one is no exception. Here it is about ceilings and the dying. See the film to learn more.<br /><br />The director says that the use of synchronized swimming is purposeful. That women-only sport is a metaphor for a girl's life: pretty and feminine on the surface while hard working and competitive underneath. A number of scenes drive this point: elegant moves and smiles for the public legs kicking ungainly underwater. The title in French is also suggestive: "prieuve" or octopus suggest an individual having to juggle many pressures simultaneously.
critique2275 The story of a drifter his sheep ranch boss and the boss's daughter is not for all tastes but it's still very intriguing. It takes place in the beautiful country of New Zealand amongst the scenery we've come to know so well through other films from this region.<br /><br />This movie was the first time I had ever seen the excellent Mary Regan and I've been a fan of hers ever since. The cast also contains Bruno Lawrence who is probably best remembered by American audiences from the film "Smash Palace". Terence Cooper takes a turn as the ranch owner who pays a little too much of the wrong sort of attention to his daughter (Regan). <br /><br />Sharply acted with unforgettably shattering performances from all of its leads. I first saw this movie in extremely edited form on late night television here in America but believe you me the unexpurgated version is not to be missed.
critique2276 I am awed by actress Bobbie Phillips and her superb skill as an action star! This movie is propelled by her wonderful acting and terrific action prowess. I am a fan of sci-fi but I must say that this film exceeds most science fiction films in it's cinematography and mostly it's utilization of an actress whose presence supersedes the plot which is fine but is nothing new. Even though it looks as though this film was made for television in my opinion it is better than most theatrically released films of its kind.
critique2277 This film gets off to a bad start. An incredibly corny monologue is followed immediately by a brilliantly-done truly amazing spaceship crash. Then things go downhill again as you realize that the survivors are all a) bad actors (apart from the docking pilot and the psychopath) and b) almost all of them fit too nicely into the role of monster-fodder. Hell half of them don't even speak English preventing the audience from getting to know the characters at all. You feel as if you were watching "Deep Blue Sea" meets "Silence of the Lambs" minus the good bits. And unfortunately the entire thing tries to hard to be "Crashed on a desert planet with Hannibal Lecter" during the daylight scenes. Vin Diesel is a great actor - but he is no Anthony Hopkins and he frankly annoys as the smart hyper-cool psycho. There is at least one very good scene involving an unexpected survivor - but apart from that you could just as well have cut out the first thirty minutes or so...<br /><br />But then things take a turn. I can't exactly pinpoint the moment but soon the movie gets a lot better. It also feels less chopped - the scenes actually begin to follow each other with a consistent narrative and Vin Diesel becomes much less annoying and soon he is a show-stealer. By the time the first monsters appear the film is actually quite enjoyable. By the time night falls it is great. Thrilling horrifying and exciting. And even the character development of most main characters is well-done. If you can just sit through the poor bits at the start you're in for some GREAT entertainment. <br /><br />Besides the visuals are eye-candy and I honestly admit: I love the colour and the tone of this movie. <br /><br />7/10 (could have been 9/10 if only....)
critique2278 Preston Waters is off to a bad summer. Besides his birthday coming up nothing else looks promising.<br /><br />First he has to share his own room with his brothers who are going to run a business. They can't do it in their rooms because they don't have enough space. Off to a birthday party he only gets $6 tokens while others get $32 $35 and even $50. When one of his birthday cards comes early he only gets a check made out for $11.<br /><br />Going to the bank he learns he needs $200 at least to start an account. Leaving the bank a bully steals the check. Pursuing after the kid nearly gets him run over (definately his bike gets ruined) by a criminal named Quigley (played by Miguel Ferrer). Quigley's just come from the bank too from giving the owner $1000000 to give to this guy tomorrow. Quigley starts to write a check for the damage but only succeeds in writing his name before a police car circles the area. Afraid he gives Preston the check informs him to give it to his dad to finish out.<br /><br />That evening though Preston tells his dad that he doesn't want a new bike he wants his own room back better yet his own house. His father confines him to his room for the rest of the evening. Moping in his room Preston figures things can't get any worse he realizes that he forgot about the check as it's still in his shirt pocket. It's blank.<br /><br />Using the computer and after careful consideration he makes it out for $1000000. The next day while trying to cash it at the bank he's taken to the owner who thinks he's the person he's supposed to give the $1000000 and does. He's not though as the real person named Juice comes in a moment later.<br /><br />Now the three have to track Preston down.<br /><br />Meanwhile Preston has fun buying all sorts of stuff including his own house and even going on dates with a disguised bank lady who's really and FBI agent (who's trying to track the 3 bad guys down). He makes this person up named Mr. Macintosh who he works for and even plans a party for him on his birthday.<br /><br />But eventually things catch up (the money runs out the bad guys get him).<br /><br />Overall a pretty funny flick. Miguel Ferrer plays his role very good. If you enjoyed him in Another Stakeout you'll love him here. He does all sorts of wicked crazy things.<br /><br />Rick Ducommun (the stressed out boss from Ghost in the Machine) plays a wonderful friendly chauffeur in this movie.
critique2279 The story of a little girl who was driven once by fear and now by pain she becomes woman and a vengeful crime fighter. Her power is to manifest strong anime characters onto herself. This movie fuses animation with live action as she wields her animated sword through all that stands before her. She struggles to deal with life her demons and her fears.<br /><br />Young Emily watched her parents fight and argue. She watched her Dad leave her motherless. Emily soon discovered she had the power to do something about it. Emily grew through life traveling as a loner and at night she had the power to make a difference in the world.<br /><br />This movie is a great blend of animation and real action. There are many themes and metaphors that run deep through the movie. This movie is broke up as a 12 part series.
critique2280 I found this a bit hard to follow to the extent that it seemed to dip in the middle while I tried to make head or tail of who was fighting who and why. One of the problems is the cultural/language one. Here we have a Chinese/Taiwanese/Japanese problem of which we know little and because we are simply reading English subtitles inevitably loose some of the subtleties. Another problem is that there seem to be just too many only half explained twists and coincidences. Nevertheless it seems unlikely that there is a wholly bad Miiki film and this certainly is not that. Plenty of stylish and bone crunching violence a window upon some less than orthodox sexual goings on plus the family aspect. All in all a decent ride but maybe checking out the storyline might actually be helpful before watching this one.
critique2281 I saw this movie years ago and I never forgot it. The theme is very timely. It was on TCM this morning and I am wondering why this wonderful film is not on VHS or DVD. I have searched extensively for this movie but cannot find it. I believe that if enough people request it the movie will ultimately be put on DVD. It amazes me that such a stunning performance from Quinn and such a powerful plot is not yet available to the public. The fact that ethnic cleansing exists today in many parts of the world makes this film a must see for teachers and students alike. This film is a great teaching tool from the past yet in many ways as contemporary as "Crash". From previous comments I can see that this film as made deep impressions on everyone. Again too bad it is not available for sale.
critique2282 Omigosh this is seriously the scariest movie i have ever ever seen. To say that i love horror movies would be an understatement and i have seen heaps (considering the limited availability in New Zealand that's quite a lot) but never before have i had to sleep with the light on...until i saw The Grudge.<br /><br />Some may say that it is a rip off of The Ring (both based on Japanese horror movies) both similar (yet different) story lines but the Grudge holds its own as a terrifying movie - seeing at at the cinema i even screamed at a certain point in the movie.<br /><br />The acting is great particularly from the supporting characters - KaDee Strickland is fantastic and steals the show she is such an enthusiastic person. Jason Behr is a real hottie and William Mapother looks like he is having fun. However while i am normally a fan of Clea DuVall's she doesn't really seem into this movie. Of the supporting characters hers probably got the most depth and back story but she doesn't seem like she is all there. As for Sarah Michelle Gellar well she stays about the same through all her films and roles doesn't she? The ghosts were genuinely scary the music and sound effects were chilling (particularly the noise being made when KaDee Strickland's character answered the phone in her apartment) the ending was cool too.<br /><br />Super highly recommended. 9/10
critique2283 Watching Midnight Cowboy is like taking a masterclass in acting/ directing/ cinematography/ editing/ writing. I was too young to watch it when it was originally released and only saw it for the first time a couple of years ago but it has absolutely stood the test of time and I have watched it several times since. <br /><br />Everything about this film is brilliant from the poignant performances from Voight and Hoffman (even though I know this movie well I still find myself welling up every time Voight flashes one of his innocently pained looks or Hoffman coughs in his sickly and ominous way) to the stunning cinematography and superbly edited dream sequences. <br /><br />It's a shame that more of our contemporary filmmakers aren't prepared to take a risk on making movies that are as visually and aurally interesting as this one. Midnight cowboy should be required viewing at all film schools. <br /><br />10/10
critique2284 There have been "race" pictures almost from the beginnings of the movie business. Films starring almost entirely black casts have been made by segregated Poverty Row studios (more often than not owned by Caucasians) for ghetto theaters. With the growing urban blight during the 1970s this idea was revived with a wave of "blaxploitation" pictures made for urban grind houses which overlaid black actors and funky atmosphere over traditional B- movie plots. This trend even spread into horror features with titles like Blacula Blackenstein and Sugar Hill serving up blaxploitation versions of monster standards. And it didn't die with the closing of most urban theaters Ã‚Â– it just slowly eased into the video age and continues with low budget direct-to-DVD releases like this one. Ed and Jose Quiroz's Hood of the Living Dead adopts the recent popularity of horror movies for the hip-hop audience. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Oakland trying to keep his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) out of trouble after the death of their parents. After Jermaine is shot by drug dealers in a drive-by Ricky decides to use the experimental cell regenerating formula he's been working on in an attempt to save the teen's life. Apparently his efforts are for naught and Jermaine's body is taken away. However the body never makes it to the morgue Ã‚Â– Jermaine re-animates in the coroner's van as a flesh-hungry zombie. He kills the drivers then goes after the gang that killed him spreading the zombie infection wherever he goes. Having heard from Jermaine's friends Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the attack on the gangsters Ricky feels that the only thing to do is to capture Jermaine and try to cover up the whole matter before he and his accomplice Scott (Chris Angelo) get arrested for the mayhem they've caused. However they soon find that the contagion is spreading too fast for them to control it. By keeping things simple the Quiroz team manages to produce an entertaining little horror feature without overextending themselves to the point where things start to look shoddy. Along the way they also add in a few interesting bits of business. When first confronted with a zombie Scott tells Ricky "Shoot him in the head like in the movies!" Ã‚Â– an effective as any way to discover how to kill zombies. An extra twist is added when the first head shot doesn't kill the brain adding to viewer unease. Another good point is that the soundtrack makes only limited use of sub-Eminem style rap laying in standard "creepy" music throughout.
critique2285 From a military historian's standpoint nearly everything in this movie is historically accurate. Beyond that it is an enthralling story that leaves you depressed at the end but quite glad you took the time to watch.
critique2286 Here we have the inimitable Charlie Chaplin forsaking his slapstick past to tackle the serious subject of anti-Semitism and intolerance in general. He portrays two characters - the sweet innocent Jewish barber - a war veteran and the raving and ruthless dictator Adenoid Hynkel. The Jewish ghetto in this country is not safe for long due to the whims of Hynkel and his armed thugs who routinely rough up its residents or leave them alone dependent upon his mood that day or week. The barber is among them but is befriended by his former commanding officer Schultz (Reginald Gardner) who seems to keep things quiet for a while until Hynkel condemns him to a concentration camp. He seeks refuge with the Jews in the ghetto most specifically the barber and the feisty young woman Hannah (Paulette Goddard). The premise will be - who will be the one among these Jews to put their lives on the line to get rid of Hynkel and his cronies? We needn't guess too hard to know the answer; the barber is a dead ringer for the dictator and he is outfitted in his image accompanied by Schultz also in full military gear. Hannah escapes with several of her ghetto friends to the country of Osterlich where Mr Jaeckel's (Maurice Moscovich) cousin has a farm and they can live peaceably for a while. At this point Hynkel himself has been arrested by his armed forces thinking him to be the notorious barber. The latter meanwhile has been escorted with Schultz to a podium to make a speech announcing the conquest of Osterlich. The ensuing ten minutes is pure Chaplin himself speaking from his heart of tolerance love and freedom and denigrating greed and hatred. Albeit Chaplin started production on the film in 1937 it can be forgiven some naivete. He was allegedly unaware of the gravity of this persecution and hatred and said had he known the full extent he would never have made the film because he most likely believed it would have trivialized the situation. He has a marvelous supporting cast: Reginald Gardner Henry Daniell as Garbitsch his aide-de-camp the always wonderful Billy Gilbert as the bumbling Herring Paulette Goddard Jack Oakie as the dictator Napaloni his rival for conquest veteran European actors David Gorcey (Leo's father) Maurice Moscovich among others. The scene he choreographed with globe with just a musical accompaniment is sheer luminous inspiration and luminous as well is Paulette Goddard at the film's end smiling through her tears. I have seen this film before but there is always something new in it for me. Last evening when it finished I sat there in tears. I defy anyone not to be moved by it.
critique2287 You can tell that this is the first offering by the Director (who also wrote it) but you can also see the potential this guy has. This is an obviously low budget film in the spirit of Boondock Saints. Of course Boondock Saints came out a few years after this so you could look at this as a diamond in need of some polish. The acting was good - if you're looking for DeNiro or Michael Madsen in a crime drama remember that these are young guys playing young guys trying to be criminals. They're not going to be "supercool" (tm) like some of the veterans. I would have love to have seen Justin Pagel (Joe - the main character) go on to make more movies - he was great in this. Good movie - 3 stars out of 5.
critique2288 Mel Brooks has really outdone himself on this movie. No one can deny that Blazing Saddles was a classic and a breakthrough in this style of comedy film but Men In Tights has become the apex of his creative genius. This movie is a definite must-see. If you enjoy this movie I would also recommend Space Balls and History Of The World. The same goes in reverse. If you have seen any of these movies then Men In Tights should be next on your list.
critique2289 Gorgeous Techicolor production telling the unusual tale of the romance between a woman of strong religious faith and a Trappist monk who has left his monastery breaking his vows. The film opens at a convent in Europe where a former student prays - a lonely beauty in black named Domini (Marlene Dietrich). She is advised by the Mother Superior to go to the desert and "find herself" and lose her grief over her father who has recently died. In the train car on the way into the Sahara she sits opposite a very very troubled man (Charles Boyer) - our former monk. She's soon at a hotel near a palm-treed oasis where she again sees our mysterious troubled man as he is stumped over what to do when confronted by a very seductive dancing girl. Domini becomes friends with him though knows nothing of his past - romance soon to follow.<br /><br />This film is sentimental melodramatic and different (in a way almost surreal and even a bit campy) - I found it to be quite fun and entertaining. The photography in this is really interesting - it is full of extreme facial close-ups and beautiful color shots of caravans of horses crossing the desert silhouetted figures against a sunset sky. Marlene Dietrich gives a nicely done though restrained performance here and looks gorgeous. Charles Boyer - not usually one of my favorites - is actually pretty good in this I think the part sort of suits him and he looks quite young and handsome too. Basil Rathbone is fine here except given very little to do. Another great orchestral score by Max Steiner helps keep the drama rolling - all in all a very enjoyable film.
critique2290 An interesting companion piece to true documentaries of John C. Holmes. Unfortunately it doesn't deal with what ultimately killed Holmes and it certainly could have benefited from doing so. Burt Reynolds and Mark Wahlberg got the most praise for this but I felt the true stars were Julianne Moore as the cocaine-sniffing mother wannabe Don Cheadle as a black man struggling with identity as pornstar/stereo-salesman in some wild getups and William H. Macy who's wife is the ultimate slut. Not to mention a nearly unrecognizable Alfred Molina. Macy's new year's eve bash and Cheadle's chance for a better life after a donut shop robbery gone wildly wrong are probably the two best scenes in the movie or at least the two best shot. What this movie does best is show how power can easily corrupt in its various forms. However none of the characters apparently learn anything from their dark downward spiral as they all rebound and return to their normal lives.
critique2291 Roy Anderssons "Du Levande" is not totally original as it is counter piece to Anderssons previous movie "SÃƒÂ¥nger frÃƒÂ¥n andra vÃƒÂ¥ningen". Still the movie has aura of total originality. Some conventions of movie making are still thrown away: most of the actors look nothing like what you would expect in movie and the shots take long time. Most of the time camera doesn't move but people move around it. The shots start from somewhere and many times the scenery builds up in amazing proportions. W.G. Sebald comes to mind in literature with same technique. Because of the time invested in every shot the suspension is really high in many of the scenes. There is a story and isn't - it is left for viewer to build up in his or her own mind. This movie is positive. It is determined not to see this all in negative way and at the same time will not pass the social injustices. One of the messages I got from it was that maybe all failures and accidents are not fatal after all. Great movie.
critique2292 If you asked me to pick the best acted movies ever made this movie would be on a short list along with 1951's Streetcar Named Desire. I imagine i'll discover some others that qualify but Kramer vs Kramer is an outstanding exercise in naturalism. So its a very satisfying experience on that level: just watching the marvelous probing performances of Dustin Hoffman Meryl Streep and the child Justin Henry in particular. One of the best child performances ever.<br /><br />But I also find it very satisfying to watch because its such a thoroughly involving story - it always makes me forget my own problems. It has such excellent narrative drive. Once you stick Kramer vs Kramer on and Alice Kramer leaves Ted to juggle work and their young son telling him nothing more than she has to discover herself - you keep watching to know that everything turns out okay for them. And even once you know how things do turn out each moment of the ride just rings so brilliantly true that its a joy to watch it happen again and again.<br /><br />Make no mistake - Kramer vs Kramer is not light entertainment: its a very realistic portrayal of the effects of divorce on everyone involved.<br /><br />10/10.<br /><br />For one of the best scripts (born out of conversations between Benton and Hoffman who was going through a divorce at the time) ever written executed and performed beautifully and faultlessly. Not to mention what a great involving story it is. Put simply a perfect film.
critique2293 I just want to say that I was thrilled to find these comments about the show. I have tried online searches for info about the show in the past with no luck. I LOVED the show. I have a hard time getting motivated to exercise but this show made it fun. As another comment mentioned that it wasn't so complicated as the routines nowadays. It was an ideal workout that got the job done! I would give anything to be able to buy a copy of just one workout. I remember many of the moves but not nearly all of it. Somebody please try to get it back on the air and also make it available on DVD. It is so great to know I wasn't the only one that loved that show! Thanks for making my day!
critique2294 Slipknot is a hardcore rock band from Des Moines Iowa. Nine band members who all wear customized boilersuits and personalized homemade masks (eg. #6's clown mask #0's various gasmasks #8's tattered + torn crashtest dummie mask with dreadlocks). The music itself seems to walk the finelines between sane and otherwise yet is performed so brilliantly and psychotic.<br /><br />"Welcome To Our Neighborhood" sounds rather a generic title but the footage itself is something else. Interviews with the band soundbites from their latest selftitled album 2 live performances and one banned-by-MTV music video (a brilliant homage to the classic Kubrick film "The Shining") the movie clocks in at not even half-an-hour but is certainly worth it. It is perfect for introducing any metal/hardcore fan to Slipknot.
critique2295 I really loved seeing this movie. I think it's a brilliant underrated Alfred Hitchcock movie. Everyone is familiar with the famous Statue of Liberty scene but there's a really great movie before that. Robert Cummings is great in what I consider to be his greatest role and the beautiful Priscilla Lane shows that she has a lot of talent too. But I think Norman Lloyd gives the best performance. His character Fry is so evil and devious. Even though he's not in it for very long the movie wouldn't be the same without him.<br /><br />"Saboteur" is a great movie that every Hitchcock fan should see. I give it a 10 out of 10!!
critique2296 What an amazing film. With very little dialogue the whole story is told with glances and body language. Very involving almost voyeuristic. My only gripe is that it has not been released on video in Australia and is therefore only available on TV. What a waste.
critique2297 I happened to borrow this movie from a friend knowing nothing about it and it turned out to be an outstanding documentary about a journey on an ancient vessel across vast expanses of the ocean. Thor Heyerdahl had developed a theory that the ancient Incas in Peru managed to travel thousands of miles across the ocean to Polynesia based on certain relics that are found in both places certain types of ancient sea-going vessels that we know they had available analysis of ocean and wind currents and the knowledge that the Incas did in fact travel in some undetermined amount at sea.<br /><br />In order to test his hypothesis Heyerdahl and his crew construct a vessel as closely as possible to what the ancient Incas had available using only balsa wood and other materials available at the time and set out from Lima Peru's capital to try to reach the islands of Polynesia some 5000 miles away.<br /><br />His theory like so much about ancient history is impossible to prove with 100% certainty but the coverage of their journey provides for strong support that he is right. The film is really little more than narration of footage taken during the 100+ day expedition but it is a very detailed description of what it was like and the trials and tribulations that they faced. I often wish that Academy Award winning documentaries were easier to find and this one from more than 50 years ago is still as interesting and informative as I am sure it was when it was first released.
critique2298 Before the regular comments my main curiosity about THIS IS NOT A LOVE SONG is that while there's a running time listed on IMDb of 94 minutes the DVD from Wellspring Media in the United States runs 88 minutes. Any input on this is appreciated!<br /><br />Two friends with very rough lives take on the road for an adventure. What they wind up in is just that with one accidentally shooting a girl and the two escaping by foot into the countryside. Rather than just a big chase the film is complicated by the the daft and rather childlike Spike behaving inappropriately and clutching his boom box like a teddy bear. Some viewers may dislike the story based solely upon the character Spike but without a bit of frustration added to the story the film would have been too easy. You'll notice the way the more stable character Heaton refers to Spike as "big man" in contrast to Spike's "kid out of control" attitude and behavior. Frankly I too was aggravated by Spike's ridiculous actions especially the spray can sniffing but in a desperate situation it's apparent someone of his mentality would choose an temporary escape. But Heaton was there to keep things in check up until things get way over his head as well.<br /><br />Kenny Glenaan as Heaton is a marvel and after a while I quit wondering why in the heck he would want to pick Spike up from prison and continue a friendship due to Glenaan's great performance. After all there are many many reasons during their run that would be a good idea for Heaton to just ditch Spike and try to save himself. I suppose Heaton felt like a protective older brother to Spike and the loyalty between the two is hard to break -- until things get too desperate.<br /><br />While some of the cinematography is indeed artsy it does offer more flavor to story instead of just shots of the men running through the wilderness. The beautiful landscapes rain and vast gray skies offer a somber tone that increases the feel of the tragic circumstances. The score is unusual as well and the use of Public Image Ltd.'s song "This Is Not A Love Song" and as the title of the film is quite smart.<br /><br />Overall it's understandable if you don't care for THIS IS NOT A LOVE SONG as it's focused on two contrasting personalities escaping from another man determined to hunt them down (played by a cool quiet David Bradley). It's not big-budget action entertainment. For the rest of us that enjoy seeking out something minimal and dramatic it's time worthwhile spent and it DOES offer some extremely tense moments that have you holding your breath a bit.<br /><br />I'm really enjoying the films coming out of Scotland recently with the likes of this one Dog Soldiers and The Devil's Tattoo. I'm also a bit thankful for the subtitles offered on this DVD as the accents are sometimes lightning fast and difficult for some viewers like me to understand. <br /><br />Frustrating dark and often tense THIS IS NOT A LOVE SONG is very tragic yet engrossing storytelling.<br /><br />
critique2299 Seeing this movie always reminds me of what I remember summer being like God! such a long time ago. The entire scene involving the "overnight" from the canoe procession to the end of the trip is precious and Tripper's story about the homicidal maniac is urban legend right out of my youth. A highly entertaining movie made many times better by the awful sequels that followed.
critique2300 Crossfire is ostensibly a murder mystery but what distinguishes it from other similar movies of the period is the killer's motive which is anti-Semitism. The story highlights examples of the kind of ignorance which fuels bigotry and contains references to a "hillbilly" and an Irish immigrant who also suffered maltreatment because of their ethnicity.<br /><br />The movie's plot is based on Richard Brooks' novel called "The Brick Foxhole" which is about a hate crime where the victim was gay. It's ironic that this story about a form of intolerance should be met with intolerance by the censors who stipulated that for the screen version the type of bigotry involved should be changed to anti-Semitism. Another irony is the behaviour of a soldier who seems fiercely proud of having served in a war against the Nazis and yet embraces their hatred of Jews. The director and producer of this movie also suffered another type of intolerance when they were blacklisted after being called to appear before the "House Un-American Activities Committee". All these points just seem to underline the deeply entrenched and intractable nature of the whole problem of bigotry as depicted in this movie.<br /><br />When Police Captain Finlay (Robert Young) investigates the murder of Joseph Samuels (Sam Levene) he discovers that on the night when he was killed Samuels had been socialising with a group of soldiers and one of these Corporal Arthur "Mitch" Mitchell (George Cooper) is quickly identified as the prime suspect. Further information is also gathered from Montgomery (Robert Ryan) who is another of the soldiers who was present that night and Sergeant Keeley (Robert Mitchum) who's a friend of Mitchell. Keeley with the help of some other soldiers then searches for Mitchell and when he finds him hears his account of what he did on the night of the murder including his meeting with a dance hall hostess called Ginny Tremaine (Gloria Grahame).<br /><br />Keeley helps Michell to avoid being arrested and tries to identify the murderer. Ginny Tremaine is questioned but her information is insufficient to prove Mitchell's innocence but Finlay's investigations lead him to recognise the motive for the crime and subsequently he sets up an elaborate trap which leads the real culprit into exposing his own guilt.<br /><br />"Crossfire" is a movie with a message and the identity of the murderer is revealed at a very early stage in the story. The "message" is conveyed in a way which was no doubt appropriate for the period in which it was made but by today's standards seems rather heavy handed. The cinematography by J Roy Hunt is just wonderful with low key lighting and creative use of numerous strategically placed table lamps combining to evoke a look which is perfectly compatible with the drama being played out on screen.<br /><br />Despite it being a low budget production "Crossfire" was a great box office success and benefited from having an absorbing and very relevant story with a marvellous cast two of whom were nominated for Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actor (Robert Ryan) and Best Supporting Actress (Gloria Grahame). The additional nominations for Edward Dmytryk (Best Director) producer Adrian Scott (Best Picture) and John Paxton (Best Writing Adapted Screenplay) are just further evidence of the positive recognition which this movie justifiably received.
critique2301 Based on an actual mining disaster this early German talkie (with English subtitles) still remains one of the most effective docu-dramas ever filmed. Featuring many non-professional actors "Kameradschaft" gives a chilling view of the friendship that binds the mine workers regardless of which side of the French/German border they may be from. A deadly accident brings out the very best in everyone nullifying any superiors' orders. A fellow miner in need will receive the help of his comrades even at threat of great loss including life.<br /><br />This film reminds of the self-sacrificing heroism shown by the NYFD following the 9/11 attacks. Putting aside any formal rules and regulations these men and women in uniform knew only one cause: to save lives and to find their fellow-fire fighters. -- More than 70 years later "Kameradschaft" still has the strong and timeless message: A friend in need is a friend in deed.
critique2302 This is about a mad scientist who creates a half shark - half man type critter on an uncharted island then calls up all his old business and academic buddies to come and see his creation (evil laugh) but actually he wants his sharkman to kill them! Lots of bad GCI goofy plot elements and babes sweating in tight T-shirts follow.<br /><br />These monster movies all follow a similar formula but this one spices things up with a bit of humor (I guarantee the folks who made this had tongues firmly planted in cheek) not to mention the sexy babes. But let's mention those sexy babes - several hot babes in tight T-shirts sweating profusely. One's in her undies at the beginning another at the end. Thank you thank you makers of bad movies! The plot is full of goofy stuff a guy drives up in a jeep slams it right into a tree then offers to fly everyone off the island in a helicopter. Yeah um well how 'bout we think about that for a while; we'll get back to you. The sharkman is hilarious - either awful CGI or an equally comedic guy in a rubber suit. The mad scientist gives a pretty good performance; he's evil that's his motivation he makes no apologies.<br /><br />Overall if you want a stupid FUN B-movie this one should do the job.
critique2303 I can't say what knowing the source for this movie adds but this is one of my favorite films from Paul Mazursky (director and co-author). This is a retake on the Shakespeare "comedy" but utterly removed from the stage. Without much text Mazursky and star Cassavettes make visual a mid-life crisis of passion and purpose. Desperate to re-center himself Cassavettes retreats to a remote Greek island--where the locals and the island itself weave a little magic. With Raul Julia especially Susan Sarandon and Molly Ringwald this is an adult fantasy that is emotionally satisfying and visually gorgeous. And funny. It wasn't a big box office hit but whenever it does come to DVD it will sell.
critique2304 The year 1995 when so many people talked about the great premiere of BRAVEHEART by Mel Gibson also saw another very fine yet underrated movie on Scottish history ROB ROY. Although it is a very different film especially due to the historical period the story is set in ROB ROY has much in common not only with marvelous BRAVEHEART but also with the very spirit of epic movies.<br /><br />It is a film that discusses similar themes like fight for dignity courage honor revenge family being a key to happiness. It also leads us to the very bliss of Scottish highlands where the human soul finds its rest being surrounded by all grandeur of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson) the main character is a true hero (so universal in epics) sort of "Scottish Robin Hood" who struggles to lead his people out of oppression imposed by cold hearted lords. Although he worsens his situation through the acts has to suffer a lot two things stay in his mind undeniably: HONOR that he is given by himself and LOVE to his woman Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). That leads him to unexpected events...<br /><br />Except for the interesting content and quite vivid action the movie is filled with truly stunning visuals. This factor has to do both with the sets and locations of the film as well as the wardrobe. Many memorable moments stay in the mind of any viewer who can allow themselves an insight into artistic images. For me the most splendid scene was in the Highlands when Rob Roy tells his boys what honor really means. Then he sends them away and beautifully makes love to his woman. The scene he escapes Marguis of Montrose (John Hurt) to the waterfall is also worth a look as a stunning visual. <br /><br />Of course there is some graphic violence like in the duel for instance but I don't think that this violence would be as harmful as in many other modern films. Its justification is like any other epic's: bloodshed and cruelty of those times were really serious and there would be no point in hiding it. The most disturbing scene for me was the rape done on Rob Roy's wife by the villain of the story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's truly disgusting and kids should definitely stay away. However all the rest is O.K. Yet there is one aspect that made me really love this movie the performances.<br /><br />All the cast do perfect jobs from the leading Lian Neeson who fits very well to the role of tall brave strong Scottish man to the supporting cast of Brian Cox who portrays wicked Killearn a silent witness of terrible acts who feels comfortable with the evil of war. Jessica Lange is very fine as Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments in the film. There is chemistry between Ms Lange and Mr Neeson in many of their scenes. John Hurt one of the best British actors does a terrific job as Marguis of Montrose a corrupted man for whom money is the aim in itself achieved by any means. I like that calmness of his portrayal. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth who truly depicts wretched side of his character Archibald - a man who mocks love who loves war and who finds true lust in rape and slaughter. But like in any good epic this exceptional evil must find its end...<br /><br />And one more aspect: the musical score: such memorable and sentimental tunes that are bound to sound in the ears for long. The final moment touched me to tears not only because of the beauty it conveys but because I deeply combined these blissful tunes with the grandeur of locations. Scotland remains in the heart of its visitor and this movie reminded me of that permanent effect. It was as if my second journey to Scotland.<br /><br />ROB ROY is a very nice movie very well directed photographed and acted. It perhaps does not equal BRAVEHEART with its spectacular sets and crowds of extras in battle scenes but it is a fairly long film with much attention placed on one very significant feature a cinema should have: stunning entertainment combined with heartfelt education. I really enjoyed that film do not hesitate to call it metaphorically "highlands of entertainment" and rate it 9/10
critique2305 Recap: It's business as usual at Louche's casino in Tanger. The casino is about to close and prepares for a big transaction the next day. The owner Louche and some staff leave for the night leaving Modesty in charge. Suddenly a troop of armed gangsters storm the casino shooting wildly. Unknown to Modesty they have already killed Louche and are now after the money hidden in the vault. But no one present and still alive at the casino knows the code to open the vault. The vault itself is heavily booby trapped with explosives so the assailants can't blow the door as planned. Suddenly Modesty finds herself eye to eye with the gangsters' leader Miklos in a game of roulette with their lives in jeopardy.<br /><br />Comments: This is a review written with no connection what so ever with other published media about Modesty Blaise as I have neither seen nor read any of it. The first point I like to make is that this is slightly wrongfully classified. Foremost I thought this was a thriller with a battle of wits between Modesty and Miklos as the main plot. Sure there are some bursts of action but they are not really an integral or important part of the story.<br /><br />As already mentioned the main plot and the main suspense-filled scene is the game between Modesty and Miklos. It's an innovative and intriguing way of revealing the background of a character and in doing so much of the story takes place outside the casino at a much earlier time. Someone said that it is almost like a pilot for a TV-series and the feeling is that it might indeed be used as such. But I felt it was a much better way to introduce a character than many other have done. I was in no way disappointed in the lack of action instead I enjoyed this game the history much more than a simple action movie.<br /><br />I think the two main stars Alexandra Staden and Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau did very well. Staden especially portrays Modesty very well and really carries this confident and talented character.<br /><br />7/10
critique2306 I don't think I'll ever understand the hate for Renny Harlin. 'Die Hard 2' was cool and he gave the world 'Cliffhanger' one of the most awesome action movies ever. That's right you little punks 'Cliffhanger' rules and we all know it.<br /><br />Sly plays Gabe Walker a former rescue climber who is 'just visiting' his old town when he is asked to help a former friend Hal Tucker (Michael Rooker) assist in a rescue on a mountain peak. Walker obviously came back at a convenient time because the stranded people are actually a sophisticated team of thieves led by Eric Qualen (John Lithgow). Qualen & co. have lost a whole lot of money they stole from the U.S. government somewhere in the Rocky Mountains and they really would like it back...<br /><br />Essentially 'Cliffhanger' is another 'Die Hard' clone. Just trade in the confines of Nakatomi Plaza to the open mountain ranges of the Rocky Mountains complete with scenes created to point out the weaknesses of our hero and keep him mortal. Naturally that set up is totally ripped to shreds soon enough as Stallone's character avoids quite a large number of bullets with ease and slams face-first into several rock faces with no apparent side-effects. After all isn't that what action movies are all about?<br /><br />'Cliffhanger' is one of the most exciting action movies around. A showcase of great scenes and stunts. One of the early stunts is one of the best stunts I've ever seen in a movie and while the rest of the movie does not get any better than it did at the beginning it maintains its action awesomeness. John Lithgow's lead villain is entertaining and one bad dude. Quite possibly one of the coolest lead villains ever.<br /><br />'Cliffhanger' is easily one of Stallone's best efforts definitely Renny Harlin's best effort and a very exciting action movie - 9/10
critique2307 The opening flourishes left me purring with delight at their inventiveness - the altered version of the Archers' logo the introductory disclaimer the way the camera pans over the cosmos. It's strange to think that `It's a Wonderful Life' came out in the same year. No great coincidence: the 1940s was awash with heaven-and-earth films; but the glowing cotton wool nebulas and cutesy angels of the competition look tattered something best passed over in silence when placed next to Alfred Junge's vision.<br /><br />It continues to look great all the way through as more and more striking ideas are sprung upon us. I'm not a great fan of mixing colour with black and white in general. One of the two visual schemes almost always looks ugly when placed next to the other. Not so here. Powell dissolves colour into monochrome and monochrome into colour as if it's the most natural thing in the world a mere change of palettes. Both the colour photography and the black and white could stand on their own.<br /><br />As for the story ... this may be Pressburger's best script or at least it would have been had the conclusion been a more logical outcome of preceding events. Other than that it's tight yet with more going on than I can possibly allude to here. Was the heavenly stuff real or imaginary? (Or both? Perhaps Carter dreamt up a fantasy that was as it so happened true.) Everyone says we're meant to neither ask nor answer this question but I don't see why. I'm sure we ARE meant to ask the question. The film even gives us clues as to what the answer is - indeed the problem is that there are too many clues and they seem at first to be pointing in different directions. The fact that other things ought to occupy our attention as well doesn't mean that this shouldn't occupy us as well. There is as I've said before a lot going on.<br /><br />Consider the scene in which Abraham Farlan (Heaven's prosecuting lawyer) plays a radio broadcast of a cricket match and contemptuously says `The voice of England 1945.' Dr. Reeves (the defence) acknowledges the exhibit with a great deal of embarrassment and then produces one of his own: a blues song from America which Farlan listens to as though he's got a lemon in his mouth. Reeves looks smug.<br /><br />Snobbery? Well I don't see why it's snobbish to condemn blues music - and that's not what Powell and Pressburger are doing anyway. As the song is being played we get a shot of the American soldiers listening to it: several of them nod their heads to the rhythm perfectly at home. THEY don't find it incomprehensible. There's something valuable about the song and neither Reeves nor Farlan knows what it is. Reeves probably realises as much. All English audiences (and all Australian Indian etc. audiences as well) know without being told that there is something of value in the cricket broadcast too; and that while Reeves understands THAT he is unable to explain it to Farlan - hence the blues broadcast which shows that people can understand each other without sharing an understanding of everything else. It's a clever scene.<br /><br />One last thing. I found David Niven a bit cold without the charisma he would acquire later in his career; but even so I don't think a film has grabbed my heart quite so quickly after the action began as this one did.
critique2308 I don't understand why the reviews of this film are so universally bad unless I'm just off my rocker. I found it sick brilliant twisted and psychologically sophisticated. You won't get deeper into the mind of a criminal psychopath in a Hollywood film than this one. It has layers within layers nuanced acting by Stoneand a plot that will keep you guessing even after it's over. People need to get over the fact that Sharon Stone is 48and that Michael Douglas isn't in this one. I predict that this film will be a huge hit on DVD once people see it for themselves and stop paying attention to the drivel professional reviewers put out. Give it a shot you might be glad you did!
critique2309 Pola X is a beautiful adaption of Herman Melville's 'Pierre; or the Ambiguities'. The comments on here surprise me it makes me wonder what has led to the overwhelmingly negative reaction. <br /><br />The shock value is the least appealing thing about this film - a minor detail that has been blown out of proportion. The story is of Pierre's downfall - and the subsequent destruction of those around him - which is overtly demonstrated in his features demeanour and idiolect. The dialogue and soundtrack set this film apart from any other I have seen and turn a fundamentally traditional storyline with controversial twists into an unforgettably emotional epic.<br /><br />I can't stress enough the importance of disregarding everything you have heard about this film and watching as I did with an open mind. You will I hope be rewarded in the same way that I was. I felt on edge and nervous from around the half-hour mark however the film is far from scary in any traditional sense. It will leave you with 1000 thoughts each of them at once troublesome and thrilling. I know I'm gushing here but I feel the need to make up for the negative perception of this film. It's the best I've seen all year.
critique2310 Before seeing this I was put off by the subject matter but this is not your average triumph over adversity story. Although this is technically about blind Tibetan kids climbing Mt. Everest there is so much more to it. This movie shows the very strong often contradictory personalities of two highly accomplished blind adults leading the children Erik and Sabriye. Erik is an American blind mountain climber/athlete and Sabriye is a blind German academic who started a school in Lhasa Tibet. They are both exceptional in their own ways but disagree on what will really build confidence in the kids. Erik wants them to reach the summit while Sabriye wants them to enjoy Erik as a role model and take pleasure in moment. The nuances are complicated and one walks away not really being sure who was right or if the whole climb was a mistake or a great idea. The most profound scenes are with the Tibetan children themselves and the hardships they faced before finding their way to the school. The most moving for me was the story of Tashi a frail teenager who grew up on the streets after his parents abandoned him. I could watch a whole movie on his life and was happy to learn that thanks to the school he is now running a successful small business with some of his fellow students. If you liked Spellbound or Murderball you will love this.
critique2311 Gung Ho is one of those movies that you will want to see over and over again. Michael Keaton is put in charge of wooing a Japanese car company to come to his town thus creating jobs for the residents of Hadleyville. What happens after that is one hilarious moment after another. The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together. Look for great performances from Keaton Gedde Watanabe George Wendt Mimi Rogers John Turturro Soh Yamamura and Sab Shimomo. All are perfectly cast. Don't be fooled by the low number rating. This is a 7.5 in my book. It is interesting to note that the town name of Hadleyville was also used in High Noon. Yes there is a real Hadleyville but in Oregon.
critique2312 When I played the first Soul Calibur on dreamcast I thought it was great. When I played the second I was hooked. And finally when Soul Calibur III was released I bought a playstation 2 and the game.<br /><br />This can really keep you up for hours with a huge amount of characters loads of unlockable content and not to mention a GREAT fighting system this really is the greatest fighting game to date. <br /><br />The games strong points is foremost the vs. gameplay were two human players battle each other either playing as one of the main characters or as a created and customized character. The Create character option is vast and allows the player to make thousands of different combinations.<br /><br />The only thing that bothers me is that if you create a character that uses the fighting style "Grieve Edge" (only kicks) has to wear those ridiculous shoes. ^^<br /><br />This is absolutely the greatest fighting game one could wish for. Now I'm just hoping the planned movie won't be crap.
critique2313 I absolutely fell in love with "Living in A Big Way" when I first saw it! Reason #1 is because I LOVE ADORE and am a HUGE fan of GENE KELLY. He was such a wonderful dancer actor and choreographer. Not to mention his extremely handsome looks and his sensual personality. I love his role in this movie. He was such a gentleman. This movie showcased his wonderful talent for acting. I enjoyed Marie MacDonald as well. It was my first time of ever seeing or knowing anything about her and this excellent movie made me a fan of her's as well. Actually the whole cast in this movie was enjoyable and great. The humor between the butler"Everette Hanover Smythe" and the father Mr. Morgan; Mrs. Morgan's courtroom humor and especially grandmother Morgan's immediate attachment to and concern for "LEO GOGARTY." And GENE'S number "FIDO AND ME" is adorable. The opening dance number with GENE and MARIE is very nice too. I would recommend that anyone see this movie. It will truly remain dear to your heart forever. Or at least it has to mine. And you'll fall in love with GENE all over again. I rate it my #2 favorite GENE KELLY MOVIE and I've seen and own a quite many of his movies. They're a part of my daily routine! So trust me when I tell you you'll love this movie! Watch it and enjoy!!
critique2314 I got this movie out a week after the death of Ichikawa Kon - I suppose if there is one way to mark the passing of a great director its to raise a glass of wine to him while watching one of his greatest movies. Ichikawa had one of the finest careers in Japanese film but as he never had a distinctive style or theme he often seems to be overlooked compared to his near contemporaries such as Ozu and Kurosawa (he was a little younger than them but not by much). He is one of those directors who defies auteur theories - its likely that his wife (who wrote the screenplay for this and many other of his movies) was as much responsible for the quality of the movies as he was. But at his best he was as good as any Japanese film maker at the time. In particular he had great technical skills allowing him to tell complex stories in an accessible manner. But in terms of theme this movie could hardly be simpler - war is hell. No really its seriously hell.<br /><br />Fire on the Plain doesn't follow the normal war genre rules. There is no real beginning - we start as the wretched Tamura who is a regular private (although it is implied he is more thoughtful and educated than most of the others - at one stage it is shown he understands English but he clams up when the others ask him how he knows it) is ordered to hospital as his unit is already in an appalling state. The soldiers are defeated and starving to death. They are no longer an army just a rag bag group of refugees - hunted by the locals and pretty much ignored by the Americans who have bigger fish to fry. Hunger and despair is driving the soldiers to the edge and beyond of madness.<br /><br />In typical Ichikawa style its not all just grim - its oddly funny in parts (a very black humour of course).<br /><br />The high points of this movie to me are the outstanding performances from the leads and the vivid photography. The characters in all their humanity but also their complete loss of humanity are all too believable. This is that rare film - one which will refuse to erase itself from your head even if you want to forget it.
critique2315 Without question this film has to be one of the greatest ........ in cinematic history. I have it watched too many times to remember and each time it is like I am seeing the film for the first time.<br /><br />Where does one begin?<br /><br />Meena Kumari's central performance is undoubtedly one of the finest of her career followed closely by Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam and Phool aur Pathar. Each movement and nuance of her performance makes any other Bollywood heroine pale into significance. Her masterly interpretation of Kathak coupled with her grace tragic vulnerability and poetic delivery of Urdhu is like nothing ever seen on the bollywood screen.<br /><br />Pakeezah is perhaps the most stylised interpretation of the human condition; the photography sumptuous cinematography and mise en scene are so charged with symbolism and meaning that the viewer is left breathless.<br /><br />Naushads music is unsurpassed his knowledge of the music of the courtesan gharanas is incredible and the way in which he punctuates the narrative with dark atmospheric motifs and overwhelming romantic melodies is indeed remarkable.<br /><br />My only advice to anyone who seriously enjoys the spectacle of total cinema should watch this epic mediation on life and art.
critique2316 The play Bell Book and Candle was a favorite of mature actresses to do in summer stock and take on the road. One famous story told by director Harold J. Kennedy has Ginger Rogers insisting that her then husband William Marshall who was not an actor costar with her. Marshall wore a toupee and when he walked through a doorway his toupee caught on a nail and stayed behind dangling in the doorway as he walked on stage.<br /><br />The play was adapted successfully into a beautiful color film starring Kim Novak James Stewart Jack Lemmon Elsa Lanchester Hermoine Gingold Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. It's light entertainment about a normal-appearing family of witches (Novak Lemmon and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stewart) who lives in their building. The most expert of them is the sultry soft-voiced Gillian who would love to be normal. One night with Stewart in her apartment she puts a spell on him using her Siamese cat Pyewacket and he falls in love with her.<br /><br />"Bell Book and Candle" was filmed on a charming set that replicates New York. The movie is loads of fun. Jack Lemmon is very funny in a supporting role as Gillian's brother a musician in the witch and warlock-laden Zodiac Club. He uses his powers to turn streetlights on and off and to turn on the occasional woman. Janice Rule is perfect as the snobby ex-college rival of Gillian now dating Stewart and Ernie Kovacs has a great turn as an eccentric who is writing the definitive book on witches. Lanchester and Gingold of course are always wonderful Lanchester Gillian's daft aunt and Gingold as a sort of queen of witchcraft.<br /><br />Kim Novak is a good fit for Gillian giving the character a detachment befitting a witch showing emotion when it becomes appropriate and with that voice fabulous face and magnificent wardrobe she certainly is magical. Stewart in his last foray as a romantic lead costars with Novak as he did in Vertigo and they make an effective team. He supplies the warmth she supplies the coolness and somehow together they spark. In this of course he's much more elegant than in "Vertigo." A charming film good for a Sunday afternoon good around Christmas (as part of it takes place at Christmastime) and great if you feel like smiling.
critique2317 Wow. What a wonderful film. The script is nearly perfect it appears this is the only film written by Minglun WeiI hope he has more stories in him.<br /><br />The acting is sublime. Renying Zhou as Doggie was amazing -- very natural talent and Xu Zhu was a delight - very believable as the jaded old traditionalist. <br /><br />The soundtrack was very effective guiding without being overwhelming. <br /><br />If only more movies like this were made whether in Hollywood or Hong Kong- a family friendly well acted well written well directed near perfect gem.
critique2318 Enjoyable and watchable. Tim Meadows at his best. A big boost from Billy Dee Williams. He and a very funny John Witherspoon provide a solid foundation for Mr. Meadows' riffing. Have fun with this one.
critique2319 This truly is an Australia cult classic. If you're one of the lucky ones to have seen it-- then you are very lucky. It has been released in most countries but not in Australia for some reason. I have a copy on DVD from the UK. Not a great transfer but I bought it having seen it previously at a film festival. The directing is spot on and the performances rock! This is dark film scary film but often times very funny in parts. I urge you to see this film there is a coolness about this you don't see in 99% of the typical Aussie fare. The screenplay is very well crafted and sends you on a journey where you know it will end badly but until the last ten minutes you just can't pick how badly. Great work from the four leads especially Lachy Hulme. <br /><br />When its all said and done: Great work on display!
critique2320 Fascinating I approached I Am Curious (Yellow) and it's companion piece with great trepidation. I'd read numerous reports on its widely touted controversy and explicit sex. What I got wasn't this but a thoroughly thought provoking and engaging cinema experience unlike any other. I sincerely believe that the majority of the commenter who felt the film was `lame' or `boring' approached the film as if it were pornography. Perhaps this is pornography assuming pornography is something intended to titillate the senses but it is intentionally un-erotic. Lena the protagonist throws her all into her performance giving it a realistic and humanity that is simply convincing and enduring. Her breasts may be saggy her nipples unusually large her thighs fat and her face chubby. But by the end of the film the audience comes to identify with her and accept her faults as human. This touch gives her even more believability out necessity. Had the director cast a Briget Bardot bombshell the effect would have been nullified. I cannot more highly recommend this thought provoking piece. Be prepared to invest much thought in this deliberately paced film. The patient and unassuming viewer will be thoroughly rewarded in ways most other films could dream.
critique2321 Dekalog Five was an interesting viewing experience for me because of the question Kieslowski seems to subtly ask the audience. Three men are the focus of this chapter and Kieslowski present the two involved in murder with traits both good and bad (In one's case almost overwhelmingly bad). With such vile characters I found myself almost glad that they would receive some sort of punishment. However when the time comes for the murder (And it's subsequent effect on the murderer) Kieslowski takes an interesting angle and seems to ask those of us who shared my view "Are you not as guilty as this man?" This sort of indirect address of the audience makes the finale of Dekalog Five that much more profound as Kieslowski (As usual) doesn't stay within the literal confines of his theme. Just as the other parts of the Dekalog don't take their Commandment's theme in it's literal sense neither does Dekalog Five. It asks us what is murder who is more guilty of murder and what should be the appropriate punishment if any? It's a fantastic film and typical of Kieslowski absolutely stunning.
critique2322 This story of the troubles caused by an over-possessive overpowering domineering and unscrupulous mother (Laura Hope Crews) for her two grown sons and their girls is a strong vehicle for stellar performances by Irene Dunn (the new daughter-in-law) Joel McCrea (the number-one son) Eric Linden (the number-two son) and Frances Dee (fiance of number-two son). Here's the show of the pure tyranny of mother's jealousy and possessiveness run amok as four good people find their owns lives damaged their plans changed and their own identities in jeopardy. Irene Dunn is stellar in her role. Joel McCrea's performance is open and clear and Laura Hope Crews is masterful as the mother.<br /><br />Yet this reviewer finds Frances Dee's performance the best of all. Hers is the first character in the story to show the strength of her inner feelings. Her portrayal in her heartbreak broken-engagement scene is gut-wrenching and even raw. Dee yanks the viewer around and drives you into her pain without even showing her face ! <br /><br />Frances Dee like Laura Hope Crews has been too long overlooked and is now almost forgotten as the magnificent actress that she was. No actress who started in film after WWII has had anything to speak of on Frances Dee.<br /><br />If you're lucky enough to see The Silver Cord which was never released for TV you'll find this "old fashioned drawing-room drama" to be an outstanding film that shows very well 74 years after its 1933 release because it is filled with superb performances.
critique2323 The Luzhin Defence is in the foreground a story of an idiosyncratic chess savant (Turturro) who becomes consumed by the game and in the background via flashbacks his boyhood life and the forces which created the man he has become. Factor in good and evil in the forms of his his love interest (Watson) and former "mentor" (Wilson) respectively and you have a plaintive drama laced with poignant and delicately humorous moments mingled with the rich scenic beauty of Italy's Lake Como and the intensity of high chess play. An excellent film for those into period dramas the auteur's euphemistic chess play metaphor for orgasmic delight is an indication of the subtle wit behind the film.
critique2324 One of America's most brilliant film directors was without question Elia Kazan. His directorial genius was not particularly suited to taut thrillers since Kazan needed more room to breathe and to be slower and more subtle. However 'Panic in the Streets' is a first-rate social thriller and is if anything more relevant to today than it was to 1950 when it was released. The themes of illegal immigrants people-smuggling imminent plagues rapid transmission around the world of diseases (a worried Richard Widmark says: 'I could be in any American city in ten hours and in Africa tomorrow.') ethnic isolation and ghettoism are today's concerns more than ever. This film features a spectacular film debut by Jack Palance and a wonderful performance by Barbara Bel Geddes two casting strokes of genius. Richard Widmark is allowed not to be a psychopath for once and is a deeply caring warmly loving intense hero of the people. He leads basically a one-man campaign to stop an epidemic of pneumonic plague in New Orleans struggling to convince sluggish politicians and complacent policemen that there is a problem. There is a race against time to find the small-time crooks who have contracted the plague from a dead illegal immigrant within 48 hours before the whole city and as they are always reminding us the whole country are endangered with the worst thing since the 1919 flu. One amazing scene where Jack Palance who is infected is prevented from climbing aboard a ship by a rat-barrier on the rope is ironic in the extreme reminding us in the most gruesome terms that humans can be the worst carriers and vermin of all. The highly dramatic chase scenes in what they call 'the coffee factory' at the wharfs rivals the most inventive climax scenes of Hitchcock and with just as spectacular a setting. Many non-professionals appear in the film which has the gritty realism of well something called reality. Kazan really takes the cameras into places where even people rarely went and where even rats would have thought twice. This film was a major feat of social realism. If it lacks the electricity of the most highly charged thrillers it is because Kazan took it so seriously that he could not hype it up for after all the threat of plague is serious enough to scare anybody without the need for extra guns and molls. The only unfortunate thing about the film is the title which gives a false suggestion of superficiality. But Kazan was anything but superficial. He clearly considered this project a public duty to alert us to genuine possibilities. If only those possibilities had diminished today but alas they are getting worse every day. One day after a worldwide plague this film may be shown to a few survivors as an example of how an outbreak was contained on film but its lessons were forgotten.
critique2325 The first few minutes of this movie don't do it justice!For me its not funny until they board the sub and those hilarious characters begin to gel. I was born and raised in Norfolk Virginia and met my share of "different" sailors- I even married one! Most of my favorite movies are just funny not topical not dependent on sex or violence and funny every time I see them. Groundhog Day Bruce Almighty and Down Periscope are still funny even after I know the dialog by heart. Kelsey Grammar with his "God I LOVE this job!"was sincere genuine and lovable. Rob Schneider is hysterical as the crew gets back at him for being annoying. I am still amazed at the size of that fishing boat next to a sub! I can see why folks who live this life would notice the uh-oh's but its not a documentary after all its a comedy and I just love it!
critique2326 Two funeral directors in a Welsh village? English humour as opposed to that other stuff from over the Atlantic? How could I resist. My wife and I saw it on March the 6th for our belated Valentines day celebration and both of us enjoyed some good belly laughs. We were going to see another movie later but decided not to because we wanted the experience of THIS movie to stay with us for the evening.<br /><br />The mortuary scene in the last 20 minutes of the film is worth the wait. It raises issues rarely talked about in the community but I know three funeral directors and the humour is right on the money<br /><br />Highly recommended and congratulations to the writers. Without you all the actors directors and the others havn't a job on any Monday.
critique2327 One of the best and most exciting of all conspiracy thrillers (there were a number of such film in the 1970's). This one is about an accident at a Neuclear Reactor and of the attempts to cover it up. Jack Lemmon is the employee who realizes just how dangerous the plant is and Jane Fonda is the crusading television reporter who takes the story on board and both players are at their best.<br /><br />The events portrayed in the film are of course terrifying and not in the least bit far-fetched (much of what happens here happened in real life at Three Mile Island) and although it now looks like something a period piece it nevertheless highlights just how fragile and dangerous a world we have created for ourselves. Expect a number of similar films about the effects of global warming any time soon (and not rubbish like "The Day After Tomorrow" either).
critique2328 I am a huge Gone With the Wind fan and I read "Scarlett" before it was a miniseries and loved it. This is a sequel of sorts. Like you didn't expect it with that "Frankly dear I don't give a damn" ending. Timothy Dalton was great as Rhett though no one will ever replace Clark Gable. Joann Whaley-Kilmer on the other hand could give Vivien Leigh a run for her money (though I feel almost guilty even saying that.) Her attitude and presence in the film fits the character to a tee making you love and hate her at the same time which is how most feel about Ms. Leigh's portrayal as well. The film does move slowly mostly because it follows the book so closely and was not released as a feature film. Excellent choice on the producer's part. I think this movie deserves some recognition for the great storyline the revival of characters that had been gone for almost 50 years and for being something that even Margaret Mitchell herself could have been proud of.
critique2329 I quite this Anne Rice book adaption. While most of the film is filmed here in Australia it offers a great amount of scenery and a fantastic area to shoot in. Lestat (Stuart Townsend) has recently woke up from a long period time of sleep and has decided to betray his vampire oath by revealing himself to a band. When he becomes a popular movie icon his fellow vampires understadebly go mad and plot his death. Meanwhile Jesse (Marguerite Moreau) a orphaned member of the supernatural studies who has an ancient vampire family tree has become deeply obsessed with Lestat. Her boss David (Paul McGann) understands her obsession and revaeals his obsession with the vampire Marius (Vincent Perez)who is an ancient vampire and the man who made Lestat a vampire too. Jesse is given Lestats diary and reads of his first killing and an encounter with the Queen of the Damned- Akasha (Aaliyah). When Lestat holds a concert in Death Valley he receives news that not only will angry vampires be there Akasha may come as well. Meanwhile Akasha has other plans. She goes to a vampire coven a bar and kills everyone in her path. With Lestat tempted with royality and loving care by Akasha the ancient vampires consisting of Marius and Jesses Aunt Maharet (Lena Olin) plot against them. Join Her Or Die?<br /><br />I thought the film was fantastic it had great fight scenes great music and great locations. Aaliyah sadly passed away in a plane crash shortly before the films premiere but she looked stunning on the set and off the sets.<br /><br />I gave this film 10/10 because it was a fantastic film and I urge you to see it!
critique2330 Full House is a great show. I am still today growing up on it. I started watching it when i was 8 and now i am 12 and still watching it. i fell in love with all of the characters especially Stephanie. she is my favorite. she had such a sense of humor. in case there are people on this sight that hardly watch the show you should because you will get hooked on it. i became hooked on it after the first show i saw which just happened to be the first episode in 2002. it really is a good show. i really think that this show should go down to many generations in families. and it's great too because it is an appropriate show for all ages. and for all parents it teaches kids lessons on how to go on with their life. nothing terrible happens like violence or swearing. it is just a really great sit-com. i give it 5 out of 5 stars. what do you think? OH and the best time to watch it is when you are home sick from school or even the old office. It will make you feel a lot better. Trust me i am hardly home sick but i still know that it will make you feel better. and to everybody that thinks the show is stupid well that's too bad for you because you won't get as far in life even if you are happy with your life. you really should watch it and you will get hooked on it. i am just telling you what happened to me and everybody else that started watching this awesome show. well i need must go to have some lunch. remember you must start watching full house and soon!
critique2331 I have to totally disagree with the other comment concerning this movie. The visual effects complement the supernatural themes of the movie and do not detract from the plot furthermore I loved how this move was unlike Crouching Tiger because this time the sword action had no strings attached and most of the time you can see the action up close.<br /><br />I think western audiences will be very confused with 2 scenes one of which involves a monk trying to burn himself alive and the other concerning the villagers chanting that it is the end of the world. The mentioned scenes are derived from certain interpretations of Mahayana Buddhist text (Mahayana Buddhism can be found in China Korea and Japan) and the other scene deals with a quirk in the Japanese calendar...people back then really thought that the world would come to an end... Gojoe has the action story and visuals to mesmerize any viewer. I strongly believe that with some skillful editing it can be sold in the U.S. My one complaint is in the last fight scene (I can't give anything away--sorry).
critique2332 Frankie Dio (Lee VanCleef) is a high-ranking mobster who turns himself in to the police or illegal gambling (for reasons that seem unclear to me). Tony (Tony Lo Bianco) is a low-level thug who frequents a pool hall and spends his free time envying Frankie. By being in the right place at the right time Tony gets arrested with Frankie and is sent to jail... where they form a bond that may not quite be friendship but it will do for now.<br /><br />This film came to me under the title of "Frank and Tony" which is disappointing because I see an alternate name is "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" which would have helped sell the film more effectively. I presume that's an homage to "Dirty Mary Crazy Larry" but what do I know? I watched it shortly after another Italian crime film "Violent Professionals" and I must say the two complement each other very well.<br /><br />Italians have always lagged behind Americans in their budgets and production values which is a real shame with this film. It is considered a "grindhouse" film which unfairly demotes it to a b-movie (or worse). With a cleaner sound and picture this could have been a Hollywood hit I suspect. I found the story very interesting the characters (and actors) better than average and unlike "Violent Professionals" the plot is fairly clear -- not too many secondary characters.<br /><br />If you like Mafia movies or crime films you should give this one a try. A film about the mob that's actually from Italy (how much more authentic do you want?) is as much as you can ask. Sure it's not "The Godfather" but it's not supposed to be. This isn't a drama it's a light comedy heavy action buddy film... like "Die Hard With a Vengeance" from the point of view of the bad guys. Well okay not really.<br /><br />If nothing else this film made me want to check out other films from the director and the principle cast. Films besides "Escape From New York" (where VanCleef plays "Hauk") and the usual cult movies. What's more fun than discovering a lost classic?
critique2333 I was fortunate enough to record this wonderful drama both parts when it originally aired on Masterpiece Theatre. I loved it but lost it. Then one day while going through old tapes found it again. I recorded it to DVD and watched and --- WOW! I still love it! The leads are excellent and my only complaint is I wish we had seen more Kester! What a man! And Prue. She's so strong and wonderful ... living in a time and age where her affliction and how she deals with it is seen as unfortunate and evil. Even her own brother tells Prue to her face that he doubts that a man will ever have her. *sigh* Unfortunately my copy is not the greatest with wear and tear over the years and I too would absolutely love to own this on professional DVD if it ever happens.
critique2334 ... But it is also Minnie's and Pete's too! Yes the grumpy captain may not look like Pete but it is! Mickey and Minnie are the best characters both of them are very sweet and likable. Interestingly Minnie is more of a lady in this than what she usually is today and Mickey is less than considerate in this than he is now. Pete is still the same old meanie but he looks a bit different. <br /><br />In this famous episode on board a little steamboat Mickey Minnie and some side characters have a great deal of fun and a great deal of annoyances. Even in their first appearances the three main characters are very developed. <br /><br />I quite like this episode although overall I prefer the Mickey Mouse in the future. I like the animation the steamboat and music theme the clever gags - and of course Mickey and Minnie! <br /><br />Like many early cartoons this is very random Walt came up with a very basic plot and just added gags to "gear" it along. There is also a parrot side character who is very annoying and rather unnecessary. These are the things I do not like about it. <br /><br />Another interesting thing about this episode that a colour version has not been made for it (or if it has I've never heard about it)! <br /><br />Anyone who just enjoys Mickey Mouse and Disney will enjoy this.
critique2335 Larry Fessenden has been thrashed by most of the comments on this forum. Well the worst mistake evidently is the marketing of the movie and the way the DVD might have been targeted. Obviously this is not a true horror movie at least not for people expecting anything that will be gory and instantly satisfying. <br /><br />"Wendigo" is basically a film that seems to be told from the mind of the young Miles. Things that are not readily understood by children tend to stay in their young minds and ultimately dominate their fears and the menacing world they can't comprehend. It is obvious that Kim the mother is a psychologist but she has no clue to what is going on in the mind of her son. This is also a story of alienation. It's clear that the father George is a distant figure perhaps a workaholic who seems to be living in a different world.<br /><br />Miles' fears reach a point of crisis during the week end in the country. That part of New York state with its winter landscape barren trees play havoc on the little boy's imagination. It doesn't help that he encounters a strange figure in town it creates even more doubts in his young mind. Ultimately Miles' world comes crashing down on him and he can't do anything even evoking the Wendigo spirit.<br /><br />The film is well paced and acted. Patricia Clarkson is excellent no matter where movie she is in. Jake Weber is perfect as the distant father who has an opportunity to come closer to a son he doesn't understand. Erik Per Sullivan as Miles conveys the inner turmoil within him. I thought he was extremely effective since the whole movie is Miles own take on what's going on around him. Finally John Spredakos is perfect as the menacing Otis a man who resents the world for the way he has turned out.<br /><br />Instead of putting this movie down future viewers should approach it with a open mind.
critique2336 Jane Eyre has always been my favorite novel! When I stumbled upon this movie version in the late 90's I was ecstatic! This is the best and most complete version of the book on film! This version is a little long to sit through in one sitting but well worth it. Timothy Dalton is amazing as Rochester. I was glad that they cast a normal looking actress (Zelah Clark) as Jane and not a glamorous person. I love the sets and the location. For anyone who is a true Jane Eyre fan this is the version to watch!!! For those of you who are interested I just found this version on DVD. I have watched my VHS copy almost to breaking so I was thrilled to find it on DVD.
critique2337 This is the funniest stand up I have ever seen and I think it is the funniest I will ever see. If you don't choke with laughter at the absolute hilarity then this is just not your cup of tea. But I honestly don't know anyone who has seen this that hasn't liked it. It is now 17 years later and my friends and I still quote everything from Goonie Goo Goo to the fart game Aunt Bunnie to the ice cream man Ralph and Ed to GET OUT!! There are just so many individual and collective skits of hilarity in here that if you honestly haven't seen this film then you are missing out on one of the best stand-ups ever. Take any of Robin Williams Damon Wayans The Dice George Carlin or even the greats like Richard Pryor or Red Foxx and this will surpass it. I don't know how or where Murphy got some of his material but it works. That is what it comes down to. It is funny as hell.<br /><br />Could you imagine how this show must have shocked people that were used to Eddie doing Buckwheat and Mr. Rogers and such on SNL? If you listen to the audience when he cracks his first joke or when he says the F-word for the first time they are in complete shock.<br /><br />His first time he says the F-word is when he does the skit about Mr. T being a homosexual.<br /><br />" Hey boy hey boy. You look mighty cute in them jeans. Now come on over here and f@** me up the ass!"<br /><br />The crowd erupts in gales of laughter. No one was expecting the filthy mouth that he unleashed on them. But the results were just awesome. I have never been barraged with relentless comedy the way I was in this stand-up. In fact the next time my stomach hurt so much from laughing wasn't until 1999 when I saw SOUTH PARK: BIGGER LONGER AND UNCUT . That comedy was raw and unapologetic and it went for the jugular as did DELIRIOUS. I don't think it is possible to watch this piece of comic history and not laugh. It is almost twenty years later and it is still the funniest damn thing on video.<br /><br />" I took your kids fishing last week. And I put the worm on the hook and the kids put the fishing pole back in the boat and slammed their heads in the water for two minutes Gus. Normal kids don't do shit like that Gus. Then they started movin their heads around like this and the m****f***** come up with fish. Then they looked at each other and said Goonie Goo Goo! I said can you believe this f****n shit?!"<br /><br />See it again and be prepared to laugh your freakin ass off!<br /><br />10 out of 10
critique2338 First of all I am a butch straight white male. But even with that handicap I love this movie. It's about real people. A real time and place. And of course New York City in the 80's. I had many gay friends growing up in New York in the eighties and the one thing about them i always admired was their courage to live their lives the way they wanted to live them. No matter what the consequences. That's courageous. You have to admire that. This is a great film watch it and take in what it was like to be a flamboyant African American or Hispanic Gay man in the New York of the eighties. It's real life. Bottom line it's real life.
critique2339 I suppose JEDI is now chronologically to be considered the very "last" entry in the popular saga and it's a very good one as were several of these. I liked how directly this sequel took off after THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK and I appreciated the maturity of Luke Skywalker as a character(and also Mark Hamill as an actor). After hearing so many negative things about the Ewoks they weren't so bad. I enjoyed the thrilling chase within the woods and I felt there was a lot of well-realized emotion with this chapter. The ending (with some new additions I presume?) successfully weaves all 6 chapters into a wonderful tale of fantasy. I know many true Star Wars fans hated George Lucas for changes he made to the original films but being a relative novice to these movies rather late in life and not missing what I didn't already know I think he made these 6 movies work perfectly as a whole entity. Oh and err -- Carrie Fisher looked quite delicious in her skimpy outfit.
critique2340 This tender beautifully crafted production delved deep down bitter sweet into my being. The irreverent pupils the life embittered bus driver and the teachers personalities present a subliminal debate as the story unveils. The adult characters all seem familiar my teachers my bus driver each one of their opinions so plausible and well known. When a key incident happens on the bus we are sent on a circuit of viewpoints. All the time the babble of teenage energy is only just kept under control by the organisers of the trip. Mr Harvey is experiencing much pain throughout . He reminds me of war damaged teachers I did not understand when I was an irreverent pupil.<br /><br />Rhidian Brook and the producers deserve much acclaim for this well shaped British film. The acting unblemished the scenes appropriate it should be widely available yet does not seem to have been given the right opportunity.
critique2341 You play as B.J. Blazkowicz a US secret agent soldier tough guy who is sent to uncover Nazi secret and turn the tide of World War II. That means everything from breaking out of a Nazi dungeon to thwarting Hitler's war machine and even the Fuhrer himself.<br /><br />This is quite possibly the most influential game of its time. That's because it literally inspired obsession. Many games existed at the time and even more do today but every so often you get a real grabber. This is one of them. Just like Tetris before it and more recently GTA III in 2002. Yes Doom is better in almost every respect but the shots heard around the world which led to one of gaming's biggest tidal waves were fired by B.J. Blazkowicz. The Space Marine Duke Nukem Max Payne Serious Sam John Mullins JC Denton Agent 47 Gordon Freeman and legions of others owe their existence to the guys at ID. Whether directly or in most cases indirectly but they still do.<br /><br />Even with its old look very aged graphics super simple gameplay (this is really a game games now border on the "experience level") and highly rectangular levels the scope of all six episodes provides lots of fun. Especially discovering those secrets with treasure and a chaingun in them.<br /><br />Also: "Halt!" *bang! bang! bang!* "AARRRGH!!!" never grows old. --- 8/10<br /><br />Voluntarily rated PC-13 for "profound carnage." However it's exceptionally tame when compared to what games have today.
critique2342 This is one of the better classic Edgar Wallace movies from the German series - it features all basics for a highly enjoyable Wallace crime flic movie way back from the 60ies: Although his majesty Mr. Kinski is missing you still have young Joachim 'Blacky' Fuchsberger starring once again as the typical clever American 'womanizer' you have young Eddi Arendt in his best (and just as well typical) role ever - the cool sophisticated British butler - and you have (not so young anymore) Lowitz as the melancholic yet very 'dry' ironic (and thus: highly entertaining) police investigator. Furthermore you'll get offered a freakish and very campy 'evil guy' behind a frog mask (hence the movie's title!) you'll get a crazed-out swinging soundtrack classic b-movie action scenes partly filmed out off the wildest perspectives (please remind the time of its origin!) yelling scream queens and on and on... All those ingredients get shaken well up in a sweet tastin' cocktail of pure German Edgar Wallace campyness - highly recommended!!
critique2343 THE D.I. (4 outta 5 stars) Wow I certainly did not expect to be enjoying this movie as much as I did. I had never even heard of it until I saw it sitting in the discount video bin one day. I figured Jack Webb playing an army drill instructor might be good for a chuckle but figured the drama would pale in comparison to such recent movie D.I.s as portrayed in "Full Metal Jacket" or "An Officer and a Gentleman". Boy was I wrong. This is probably the best work Webb has ever done... far and away better than his one-note "Dragnet" performances. The delivery of his tough guy dialogue is just brilliant... done in his patented deadpan monotone and yet you *know* that the guy means every word of it. The story might seem a little hokey compared to the grittier military movies that have followed but I still found the movie fascinating and compelling. Even a completely unnecessarily musical interlude in an army nightclub had me hooked. Anyone know where I can get a copy of that terrific Ray Coniff song "If'n You Don't Somebody Else Will"? Webb plays the toughest dang drill instructor ever... and he's under pressure to kick out the deadbeat Private Owen but by golly he sees a man buried somewhere in that sissyboy and he's gonna drag him out kicking and screaming! Great stuff!
critique2344 A Must See!<br /><br />Excellent positive African-American Love Story. This movie had reminded me of watching the old black and white movies with my dad. More true to life characters looking for love being in love and loosing it. Old story fresh view. Larenz Tate was so Cary Grant in style as the character may have been in a clumsey situation but the actor kept him from looking silly and like a cardboard cut out. Nia Long has always been a favorite of mine she is sweet even when she is tough almost like a Kathrine Hepburn. This is one of his best work and showing that he is better than always playing an angry black man<br /><br />This movie is a classic superb acting well written a real love story set in Chicago what more can you ask for?<br /><br />SuperB Black Love Story<br /><br />Amsterdam Holland
critique2345 Pecker is a hilariously funny yet twisted film about a small town in Baltimore whose daily humdrum routine is broken by Pecker a young photographer who takes pictures of "real things." No pretty models no gorgeous men just hard living. This wonderful film pokes fun at the plasticness of the urban art chain. There is one particular scene when a homeless woman who shops at Pecker's mom's thrift shop buys the same exact coat as one of the Whitney art junkies for only 25 cents instead of five hundred dollars. This just goes to show you that no matter what kind of money you have you might not always have taste. Yet again John Waters sends you into a never-ending spiral of laughter and raw reality. You can have your mainstream Hollywood movies with special affects and mountains of celebrities but give me a "Pecker" or a "Hairspray" (another excellent John Waters film) over a "Titanic" or a "Godzilla" anyday!!
critique2346 I agree with all the accolades I went through a box of tissues watching this film. It had a gritty authenticity and rang true in every way.<br /><br />The question I'm about to raise represents a current sensibility regarding the treatment of animals. I had a very difficult time with the beginning slaughter of sheep and goats and the dying deer with its pulsing neck and pooling blood as its life drained away was hideous.<br /><br />This is the age of "no animals were hurt in the production of this move." Iphigenia was made in the late 70's before the advent of computer simulation. Was it possible to fake these animal deaths? Or were these animals slaughtered for art?
critique2347 i went to watch this film with my family who were expecting a neatly conclusive story like ''mr.& mrs.iyer''.and they returned home thoroughly disappointed.sothis is a warning to all ''conclusive story lovers'' to stay away.15 park avenue does not seek to answer questions or provide moral solutions on how to treat the mentally challenged.rather its intention is loud and clear.it questions every human being'ssane or notsense of reality.in fact for me it even arouses doubts about my taken-for-granted sense of sanity.the securitybondagesatisfaction that i find in my presentis it really what i am or does it really create an illusion that all of us desperately and sometimes ignorantly cling on to just to falsely console the neglected 'meethi' which exists in all of us in some way or the other? sowhy does anjali so maniacally makes it a point to show off her strength of mind when she is really harrowed by the realization that she is becoming a monster?aren't we all who think we are ''normal'' really monstrous and helplessly vulnerable about it deep down inside? is it not better to be happy even insanelythan to create the impression of 'normalcy' while suppressing one's fragility? meethi bravelymadlysincerely does that.and society labels her as ''schizophrenic''.the ending did confound me at firstbut then you realise that meethi bravery and sincere belief took her where she wanted to go.she found what she was searching fornot caring what society had to comment upon her search. and it is the seemingly 'real' people - anjalithe psychiatristand jojo- who never reach anywhere.my family thinks that i am schizophrenic too in trying to make sense of a film that is largely 'insane' to the rest of the world.anyone else willing to believe in my sense of reality...........?
critique2348 Being a retired medical/health field "toiler in the vinyard" I never get tired of seeing this film. Paddy Chayefsky was a friend of my college comp teacher & visited him & us during several clases back in 1958. His writing ability has stood the test of time & the "Hospital" is as fresh as it was in 1971. I can watch it every week & still find something new. So many of the supporting cast members went unto bigger & better roles in both TV & film. George Scott made only a few comedies but his timing & patter are as good as Jackie Gleason & Steve Msrtin. Mental humour rather than physcial/slapstick wins in my book every time. And still a family film with only 1 four letter word during entire film
critique2349 To be frank this is probably the best version in my book as a sound movie version of the Jazz Singer. The 1927 version is really a silent movie despite its build-up as the first talkie.<br /><br />Danny Thomas is a great comedian and he sings very well. He does the Jewish stuff with feeling. Peggy Lee is great and any film that has her is always entertaining. Allan Joslyn is not too entertaining and we could have done without him. One question: since when do Cantors live in such luxurious houses???
critique2350 I totally agree with the other poster. NEMESIS is one of the best of the Christie adaptations with a superlative plot and cast.<br /><br />The scene involving Liz Fraser as the mother of the murder victim is a study in acting at the finest level. This underrated woman was a fave in Brit films in the 1960s who never got a mainstream break in US films. Check her out as Julie Andrews's friend in the 1964 THE AMERICANIZATION OF EMILY.<br /><br />All of the perfs in this prod have a chance to shine with and without the peerless Ms. Hickson who was never nommed for an Emmy for her Marple work. Shame on them! And dig the lesbian CID agents! :)
critique2351 Jimmy Wang Yu an authentic Asian superstar directed and wrote this film which I have only seen in a dubbed videotape version. The widescreen (Shaw Scope!)shape was lost and the original actor's voices absent but this is still good to watch. The story is the usual martial arts school fights villains from Japan plot with our young hero winning out in the end by beating up loads of assorted thugs.<br /><br />The combat gets better as the film unravels. Early in the film it looks stiff and dull but later there is a great scene where Wang Yu fights hordes in a gambling joint then walks out into a snowy scene and takes some more villains on with knives sword and fists. That part is very exciting.<br /><br />Quite good then but it would be interesting to see a non dubbed widescreen version if there is one.
critique2352 Movie watchers often say great movies must have 3 memorable<br /><br />scenes to be considered truly great. Broadcast news doesn't have<br /><br />three it has twice that. This movie is extremely well written by<br /><br />James Brooks. Holly Hunter and Albert Brooks have never been<br /><br />better. I love this movie for many reasons. It is great because it<br /><br />makes you laugh and it makes you cry. Albert Brooks has several<br /><br />great lines and many unforgettable scenes: # 1(laughed) "I can<br /><br />sing and read I am singing while I read" with Midnight Train to<br /><br />Georgia playing in the background. # 2(laughed) Telling the<br /><br />William Hurt character that "You really blew the lid off of nookie"<br /><br />after watching Hurt's report on date-rape. #3 (Cried) When Aaron<br /><br />(A. Brooks) finally tells Jayne (Hunter) that he loves her and she<br /><br />can't end up with Hurt's character because he represents<br /><br />everything about journalism Jayne finds dispicable. Finally #4 (laughed) who can forget the scene where Aaron<br /><br />anchors the weekend news....hilarious. This movie should have won an Oscar! It has everything I love in<br /><br />movies great acting intelligent script and even a Jack Nicholson<br /><br />cameo!
critique2353 Wow. Something of a surprise. Though flawed it is far better that I expected.<br /><br />The brand new space liner Arcturus with some 3000 passengers is in the final days of its sixteen day trip to Jupiter. Without warning the ship's Cerebral (central computer) sounds a disaster alarm and orders everyone to evacuate. <br /><br />Soon there are only a handful of people remaining including one of the ship's astrogators (Penny) the captain (Cary) and the director of the shipping line (Kenyon).<br /><br />It turns out that the alarm was false and that the main Cerebral is acting<br /><br />erratically. The remaining passengers and crew must escape the ship and<br /><br />avoid personal conflicts in order to survive.<br /><br />The film starts out very well. The opening commercial is a very nice touch. There are obvious parallels to 2001: A Space Odyssey and to the historic<br /><br />sinking of the Titanic. The film does slow down at times and has pacing<br /><br />problems but is generally well made and well acted.
critique2354 22. JOE (drama 1970) Joe (Peter Boyle) is a racist factory worker who's known to hate "hippies and ni**ers". He meets Bill a businessman who has just murdered the lover of his drug addict young daughter Jill (Susan Sarandon). Jill runs away and joins a hippie commune at the outskirts of town. Bill turns to Joe for help. Their search leads them through the seediest parts of town where both men's inner hatred and loath is furthered tested.<br /><br />Critique: This was director John G. Avildsen's first sleeper-turned smash hit (an amazing run which included: 'Rocky' 'The Karate Kid' 'Split-Image' 'Weekend at Bernie's'). Film is interesting enough in that it served to encapsulate the themes and ideas of the turbulent 60s (Vietnam War black power women's lib etc.). It also has a good performance from Peter Boyle as Joe one of the cinema's first antiheroes. He's always been good at playing creepy bossy heavies whose abstract ideas are enforced by his intimidating presence (he would play the Frankenstein monster in Mel Brook's spoof Young Frankenstein). He reminds me of a little kid trapped in a big dumb awkward body. Film has a weak script (the meeting of Joe and Bill for instance is a bit coincidental) but it has a particularly gruesome post-Taxi Driver ending.<br /><br />QUOTE: Title Song: "I saw a fella selling junk to children. He gets nervous every time I pass Cause he knows that if I catch him I'm gonna kick his head and kick his fat a$$."
critique2355 John Waters has given us a genuinely enjoyable film. This certainly isn't without its shocking Waters-esque moments but it is tamer than his older culty stuff such as "Pink Flamingoes". "Pecker" harkens back to John's early mainstream stage in that it reminds the viewer of the same kind of humor that was evident in "Polyester". Overall a really fun comedy with some great moments!
critique2356 The team of Merian Cooper and Ernest Schoedsack produced a documentary of 50000 Bakhtiari people and their animals on the Summer migration to winter grazing. The basic worth of this film today is as a time capsule of a "forgotten people" and how they lived during what we in the West knew as the "roaring twenties." A more drastic contrast could not be imagined. Raging river and barefoot mountain crossings are brutally realistic and the animals that disappear under the water do in fact die. To make sure that the audience of the time believed that the story took place a signed certificate of authenticity is offered up at the end. The version that I saw had fascinating Iranian music that can stand alone and be appreciated without the film. Having said all this the film is probably of more value to the anthropologist than the casual viewer in search of a good evening's entertainment. The crew had just barely sufficient stock to take the shots that they recorded and there is no fancy camera work resulting from multiple re-takes. The Western inter-titles detract from the experience but are in fact a part of the record since they demonstrate how Hollywood tried to put their spin on the lives of an indigenous peoples lives so that they would be appreciated by the audience of the day. Off-duty entertainment by desert police becomes a "policeman's ball." The producers went on to make the docu-drama Chang (1927) and the totally commercial King Kong (1933). The migration theme is used again in People of the Wind (1976) and in Himalaya (1999). Recommended for those who know in advance what they are getting into -- and then highly recommended for them.
critique2357 An Insomniac's Nightmare was an incredibly interesting well-made film. I loved the way it just throws you into the main character's subconscious without coddling the viewer...the acting was top notch - honestly I would watch Dominic Monaghan read the phone book! - but everyone else especially the young girl was great as well. I was very impressed by the look of the film too. Usually "independent films" have a grainy I-shot-this-on-my-camcorder look to them but this director knows what she's doing. The lighting the cinematography...quality work. I'm looking forward to a feature-length work from Tess Nanavati!
critique2358 Another black comedy that won an Oscar for Best Screenplay. Starring George C Scott this redefines the phrase "tearing a new a$$hole." In this case the target is America's Medicare and grand hospital system. Throughout the hospital patients and doctors are dying because their names and prescriptions are being changed. Scott roars screams and blasts away his workers and bosses as they fail more and more. His comment about Dachau to one of his many bosses is sure to elicit laughs. He even beats and rapes a hippie 3 times. This is one that has to be seen AND heard as the monologues and soliloquies are the key points in the film.
critique2359 Anna (Charlotte Burke) who is just on the verge of puberty begins to have strange dreams which start affecting her in real life--especially involving a boy named Mark (Elliott Spiers) who she meets in her dreams.<br /><br />Very unusual fantasy with some truly terrifying moments. Despite the fact that this is about a teenage girl and has a PG-13 rating this is NOT for children. Also if you hate fantasies stay far away. But if you're game for something different this fits the bill.<br /><br />Well directed by Bernard Rose with a just beautiful music score and a few nice scary jolts. The only thing that prevents this from being a really great movie is Burke--she's not a very good actress (it's no surprise that this has been her only film) and it hurts the movie. However everybody else is just great.<br /><br />Spiers is very good as Mark; Glenne Headley (faking a British accent very well) is also very good as Anna's mother and Ben Cross is both frightening and sympathetic as Anna's father.<br /><br />A sleeper hit when released in 1988 it's since faded away. That's too bad--it's really very good.
critique2360 John Wayne's first starring role just blew me away. Televised letterbox style on AMC I had to check and make sure I had the right date. Sure enough this 1930 film was made using a 55 mm wide-screen process. Aside from that it features some of the grittiest most realistic footage of the trek west I've seen. Wagons men and animals are really lowered down a cliff face by rope. Trees are chopped by burly men -- and burly women -- so the train can move another 10 feet. The Indians are not the "pretty boy" city slickers who portrayed them later; they're the real deal. A river crossing in a driving rain storm is so realistic it has to be real (In fact I understand that director Raoul Walsh nearly lost the entire cast during this sequence). I could smell the wet canvas. Each day is an agony. The various sub-plots are forgettable but the film as a whole is not. I can't think of another title that can beat The Big Trail in evoking a sense of living history on the trail to Oregon. Bravo.
critique2361 Lt. Claude (Claudio Cassinelli) and several prisoners from his sunken ship wash ashore on an island owned by Edmond Rackham (Richard Johnson). Following a few random prisoner deaths Rackham takes in Claude and his two remaining prisoners. Luckily for everyone Barbara Bach just happens to be on the island too! Unluckily there are some crazy fishmen who like to kill people.<br /><br />This Italian produced exploiter seems to have it all - a touch of CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON mixed with DR. MOREAU with a dash of WHITE ZOMBIE voodoo and Atlantis stuff. Despite some wonky looking fishmen costumes the film does benefit from some beautiful location photography and a nice twist about halfway through. All of the actors are good and Joseph Cotton even pops up as a old biologist. Director Sergio Martino handles himself well enough as there is action ever 10 minutes or so. That can't be said for his belated follow-up THE FISHMEN AND THEIR QUEEN (1995) easily one of the wackiest and most off-base sequels since HIGHLANDER II.
critique2362 It amazes me that production companies will sue because of reproductions they will not supply. I've been looking for this movie on DVD for a while and VHS for years. One can get all sorts of movies on line...old movies new movies... but it all targets a particular group. This movie is very nostalgic for many. I'm not sure why I can't get a copy. Maybe if enough people will write in the copyright holder will get a clue. It's about time for this to happen. Yes it's date but so is The Wizard of OZ. It doesn't seem like this should be so difficult. So for now I'll keep seeing those illegal copies on search engines like many others.
critique2363 Fame had been one of my favorite movies for years! It is not just an 80's musical movie of "that" high school in NYC it is LEGENDARY- people no longer refer to the High School of Performing Arts but "the Fame school"!!<br /><br />The characters are real they are not "Hollywood" and their stories are real. The film follows them through the four years of school starting with a powerful monologue by one student at Auditions and finishing with a spectacular graduation show.<br /><br />Apparently some find the broadway show better however it is my opinion that you should definitely see this movie anyway and then have your own view. For anyone who enjoys movie watching and would like to have the "classics" down this is surely one of them. It is an example of one of those movies that was really great with actors that we loved for those 2 hours and then never saw them again... they are classic "Fame students".<br /><br />make FAME live forever.
critique2364 I love this film. The noir imagery combined with Spillane's no nonsense character Mike Hammer works marvellously to create a mood and feel seldom found in low budget detective films of the early fifties. It may not be 'The Maltese Falcon' but this film makes it's own solid contribution to the genre. Spillane is often criticised for alleged misogyny etc but his 'dames' are way above their male counterparts in terms of cunning and intelligence. Poor old Mike Hammer as effectively played by Biff Elliott is blinded by the beauty of the mysterious psychiatrist whom he meets when investigating the death of an army buddy. When the penny finally drops his face is a picture. Good to see that 50s censorship did not force the film makers to omit the famous last line. A bona fide low budget classic.
critique2365 A very good start. I was a bit surprised to find the machinery not quite so advanced: It should have been cruder to match we saw in the original series. The cast is interesting although the Vulkan lady comes across as a little too human. She needs to school on Spock who after all is the model for this race. Too bad they couldn't have picked Jeri Ryan. I like Ms. Park the Korean(?)lady. The doctor has possibilities. Haven't sorted out the other males except for the black guy. He's a really likeable. Bakula needs to find his niche--In QL his strong point was his sense of humor and his willingness to try anything. He is of course big and strong enough for the heroics. The heavies were OK although I didn't like their make-up.
critique2366 I knew about this as a similar programme as Jackass and I saw one or two episodes on Freeview and it is the same only more extreme. Basically three Welsh guys and one mad British bloke were brought together by love of skateboarding and a complete disregard/masochistic pleasure to harm themselves and their health and safety. They have had puking eating pubes-covered pizza jumping in stinging nettles naked paint balling jokes on the smaller guy while heavily sleeping/snoring stunts in a work place e.g. army cowboys and many more insane stunts that cause bruises bumps blood and vomit maybe not just for themselves. Starring Matthew Pritchard who does pretty much anything Lee Dainton also up for just about anything Dan Joyce (the British one) who hardly does much physical stuff and has a OTT laugh and Pancho (Mike Locke) who does a lot but is more popular for being short fat and lazy. It was number something on The 100 Greatest Funny Moments. Very good!
critique2367 The Matador is a witty dark humored and suspenseful melodrama that rises way above mediocrity thanks to two very engaging and earnest performances from Pierce Brosnan who has never ever been better than here and the always reliable Greg Kinnear who has his best role here since playing Jack Nicholson's gay neighbor in As Good As It Gets. A big plus goes to the writing as well. Clever and occasionally very nasty dialog is delivered with gusto by Brosnan and the slow building friendship between these two different individuals is completely convincing all the way. The story takes a few unexpected turns and keeps the viewer constantly guessing where it's gonna go next.<br /><br />Nice artistic touches from the director such as good use of music clever editing and somewhat unorthodox cinematography at times set a nice tone for the film and for a long period of time you don't quite know how to label the film. But that's also thanks to a very well written script which keeps the viewer (me anyway) on the edge of his seat.
critique2368 Well if you are looking for a great mind control movie this is it. No movie has had so many gorgeous women under mind control and naked. Marie Forsa as the busty Helga is under just about everytime she falls asleep and a few times when she isn't. One wishes they made more movies like this one.
critique2369 I Last night I had the pleasure of seeing the movie BUG at the Florida Film Festival and let me say it was a real treat. The Directors were there and they did a Q&A afterwards. The movie begins with a young boy smashing a roach beneath his foot a man who is nearby parking his car sees the young boy smash it and runs to ask the kid `why? why? did he have to kill that living creature?' in his rush to counsel the youth in the error of his ways the man neglects to pay his parking meter which starts off a whole chain of events involving people not at all related to him some funny some sad and some ridiculous. This movie has a lot of laughs Lots! and there are many actors which you will recognize. The main actors who stood out in the film for me were: Jamie Kennedy (from his comedy show the Jamie Kennedy Experiment playing a fortune cookie writer; John Carroll Lynch (who plays Drew's cross dressing brother on the Drew Carey show) playing the animal loving guy who just can't get it right; Brian Cox (The original Hannibal Lecter in Manhunter) playing the germaphobic owner of a Donut and Chinese Food Take Out joint. There is one line where Cox tells his chef to wash off some pigs blood that is on the sidewalk by saying "clean up that death" which is quite funny mostly because of Cox's "obsessed with germs" delivery. The funniest moment in the movie comes when a young boy imitates his father whom he heard earlier in the day yell out `MotherF*****' while in the classroom. Another extremely funny and surreal scene is when Trudie Styler (Mrs. Sting herself) and another actor perform a scene on a cable access show from the film the boy in the plastic bubble. The actor who hosts the cable access show is just amazing he is so serious and deadpan and his performance as both the doctor and the boy in the plastic bubble is enthralling. There are many other fine and funny actors and actresses in this film and having shot it in less than a month with a budget of just about $1 million the directors Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (who are screenwriters by trade having written crazy/beautiful and the upcoming Tuxedo starring Jackie Chan) have achieved a film that is great funny and endearing.
critique2370 This movie from what I remember was such a great movie! I watched it on television when I was 11 and couldn't remember the title of it. If I remember correctly I do believe that it was a Christmas television movie special. One of my friends at work and I were discussing it several years back but neither one of us could remember the title. But we did remember almost the entire movie. No one else at work remembered ever seeing it! Thank goodness someone at a TV movie website answered my post! Now I have the fun job of locating a copy of it! It's amazing what you can remember as a child but this movie definitely remains vividly playing in my head... even after 28 years. And I do believe I only watched it once. Maybe it was because I am the oldest sister in my family or maybe because I babysat and worked in day care centers that it stuck with me that long. Regardless of the real reason it has remained one of the movies that I have been really wanting to watch lately!!! If anyone knows where to watch it online or has a copy please let me know. I would so love to see it again!!!! Thanks so much! Seriously I tried to post this and it says my comment isn't long enough. So apparently I have to type more did you know that Melissa Michaelsen is the sister of Peter Billingsley who starred in A Christmas Story? I know I'm not the only fan of this movie so if anyone has any idea on where to find this I would greatly appreciate it.
critique2371 This is a hilarious film. Burt Reynolds is a NASCAR star who signs a sponsorship contract with Ned Beatty's Chicken Pit restaurants. The contract has all sorts of humiliating clauses in it such as forcing Burt to wear a chicken suit during the race! Jim Nabors is his (not quite convincing) chief mechanic. Loni Anderson (oh yeah!) is assigned by Beatty to keep Reynolds honest and strictly adhering to the contract. This is a funny film in which Burt proves that he ain't too proud. I like it!
critique2372 Yes I know Roscoe Arbuckle didn't like to be called 'Fatty' but I couldn't resist the joke.<br /><br />This is a fine Lloyd Hamilton short from his peak period directed by Roscoe. The two work together with lots of good gags and Roscoe's usual attention to the details of shooting the picture in an interesting manner. Most comedians preferred flat lighting and a still camera to make them more interesting. Roscoe uses a couple of long tracking shots and some nice camera trickery to tell his story and to show Ham as a fine actor as well as a talented comedian.<br /><br />This story plays with some interesting themes like Lloyd's classic MOVE ALONG: here it's about perceptions of reality and the confusion that movies make of them. Or you might choose to ignore such issues and laugh your head off.
critique2373 This scary and rather gory adaptation of Stephen King's great novel features outstanding central performances by Dale MidkiffFred Gwynne(who sadly died few years ago)and Denise Crosby and some really gruesome gore effects.Director Mary Lambert has a wonderful sense of visual styleand manages to make this one of the few versions of King's work that is not only worth seeingbut genuinely unnerving.The depiction of the zombie child Gage(Miko Hughes-later in "New Nightmare")is equally noteworthyas what could easily have been a laughable character is made menacing and spooky.As for the peoplewho think that this one isn't scary-watch it alone in the dark(eventually with your squeamish girlfriend)and I guarantee you that "Pet Sematary" will creep you out.Some horror movies like this one or "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" shouldn't be watched in group.Recommended for horror fans!
critique2374 OK firstly if your not a fan of the whole low budget horror genre then don't bother with this. You really need to be a fan to get the gag.<br /><br />The move is basically about snakes ..on a train. Lots of them.<br /><br />There is an ancient curse involved and a crazy ending which I wont spoil. The gore effect are full on and real icky... but the movie is mainly one big gory gag about snakes scaring the hell out of a bunch of people trapped on a train.<br /><br />The suspense is built up well and there are some memorable and well composed scenes.. some of the acting is a bit hammy (watch for the surf dudes) but thats not really the point... Give this movie a go. Know what to expect and you wont regret it!
critique2375 Fascinating yet unsettling look at Edith Bouvier Beale (Big Edie) and her daughter (Little Edie) aunt and first cousin to the late Jacquelyn Kennedy Onasis. They live in a rodent infested rundown mansion which was considered a health hazard by the city. It becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric. Little Edie seems to be the most off as she acts with the mindset of a ten year old even though she is actually 53. The content is pretty much made up of two things. The first are the conversations were Little Edie lambastes Big Edie for driving away all her potential suitors and ruining her aspiring career as writer actress and dancer. These discussions usually become very rhetorical nonsensical and often times amusing. The second part consists of long bouts of attempted singing by both parties. Each of course thinks their singing is perfect and it's only the other who sounds bad. In one amazing scene Big Edie actually physically attacks Little Edie with her cane just to get her to stop her warbling. Very captivating yet one gets the feeling that their is some serious exploitation going on here and the subjects are just too far gone to know it. The filmmakers seem to treat this like a freak show at the circus coming each day to record (and chuckle) at whatever bizarre behavior may come about. Ultimately this is a sad picture as it shows how the world has simply past these two by. Their hopes and dreams as decayed as the mansion they live in. Despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever. For without the other there would be no refuge from the loneliness. Most amazing line comes from Big Edie whose many cats relieve themselves throughout her bedroom. Her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable.
critique2376 After several extremely well ratings to the point of SUPERB I was extremely pleased with the film. The film was dark moving the anger the pain the guilt and a very extremely convincing demon.<br /><br />I had initially expected to see many special effects and like a lover's caress it blew me away with the subtlety and the rightness of it. Brian I am again blown away with your artistry with the telling of the story and your care of the special effects. You will go a long way my friend. I will definitely be the president of your fan club.<br /><br />Eric Etebari the best actor award was the number one choice. You made Jr. Lopez look like a child compared to Kasadya. :) <br /><br />Overall the acting story line the high quality filming and awesome effects it was fantastic. I just wish it were longer. I am looking forward to The Dreamless with extremely high expectations.
critique2377 This movie is one of my favourites. It is a genre-mixture with ingredients of the Action-/Horror-/Romantic-/Comedygenre. Some of the special effects may seem outdated compared to modern standards. This minor flaw is easily ignored. There is so much to discover in this story. The romantic relation between the two main characters is so beautiful that it hurts. The visuals are beautiful too. The action is great which is no surprise it is originating from Honkong birthplace of the world's best action movies. The humour sometimes seems a little bit silly but in a good way. Somehow this movie is being able to balance the different moods and keeps being good. Absolutely recommended.
critique2378 Love trap is a "must see" independent film. When I sat down to watch the movie I came in with low expectations but left with a blessing. The story is poetic substantive and creative. The writer pulls you in further and further which each scene allowing you to relate to the realistic characters that every one can identify with. The movie allowed me to reflect on my life and what I consider love to be. The movie displayed what love really is action not emotion. I was also impressed with the quality of the cinematography and the soundtrack of the movie. The entire presentation surpassed my expectations. I give the movie two big thumbs up and recommend it to everyone of all ages and all backgrounds.
critique2379 I love the Satan Pit!!! David Tennant is such a great actor and so is Billie Piper!!! Who else loves Will Thorp to pieces??? He is so cute isn't he? I hated the bits where he got possessed by the devil and where he got told to "go to hell" as Rose so bluntly put it. Mind you he was quite funny when he said "Rose do us a favour will you? Shut up!". Mr Jefferson was so brave wasn't he? Dying to save the others. I felt really sorry for Toby (Will Thorp) when he came out of the possession for the 2nd time because he was so scared. I was like "Oh my god if I was Rose I'd be so scared for him". And when she hugged him I was like "grrrrrr he's mine! hands off!" but I thought that was really sweet. And the doctor....well I thought he was gonna say to Ida "tell Rose I love her" but he didn't. Oh well.
critique2380 What exactly do people expect when they watch an Al Adamson film? Are they expecting classic cinema that is wonderful beyond belief and will leave them with lasting memories? You'd think so by some of the reviews. Al Adamson's films are trashy and sleazy and cheesy not much more so if you go into them knowing that already it helps and they aren't necessarily to be taken at face value especially when they have so much unintentional entertainment value. First off this starts by ripping off the end theme music from Outer Limits so you know things are looking promising. This is the story of some wacko cult that lives in the hills and while trying to raise a dead body the leader suffers a heart attack and ends up in the hospital. Of course Nurse Sherri tends to his needs and all and when an operation is needed she just happens to be hanging out in the operating room when the guy passes on so his spirit invades her. And Nurse Sherri begins to change. No longer the nice nurse she develops a taste for blood and sharp objects. There's a couple little side stories going on like folks trying to burn the body of the dead cult leader and a blinded football star that has become the love object of one of Sherri's co-workers who also just happens to dabble in voodoo. This is not bad if you're a cult film fan but it may be bad if you're a "Spiderman" fan because you won't like it. At times this actually lurches towards "respectability" (for Adamson anyway) but then it "unredeems: itself with some ridiculous event. If you enjoy Adamson's films and similar trash you may well like this for anyone else who may be looking for a lost treasure keep digging. 7 out of 10.
critique2381 Let us assume for a moment that you haven't experimented with the psychotropic mushroom and you're wondering about the so called bad experience and just how something like that might play itself outÃ‚Â… Well go ahead and pop in a fresh copy of The Beguiled. See with film you have your clean trips (Solaris and anything else directed by Andrei Tarkovsky) whack trips i.e. the experience-from-which-you-never-recover (Sweet Movie and El Topo) and you're bad organic trips a category specifically reserved for a film like The Beguiled which is the sort of content those keen writers at the Times who made all the right decisions with their lives and graduated from the Harvard Department of English refer to as "hallucinogenic in tone." By the third act of this Don Siegel directed movie you may not exactly observe that your two lead-heavy hands have become shrunken and assume all the characteristics of a burrowing insectivorous mammal nor will you exactly fall under the suspicion that your spine has achieved the same sinuous shape and knotty texture of a pomaceous fruit baring tree incalculable in age but you will feel something.<br /><br />In 1970 when this film was filmed most Americans were looking for an anodyne for their collective pain a movie like The Graduate perhaps a lot of world-endism was going on and of course you had the nightmare break down of war in Vietnam. What you get with The Beguiled banal drug metaphors aside is a screenplay adapted from a novel by a guy who at least for the moment wanted to be known as Grimes Grice and direction from the director who helped bring about the work and career of Sam Peckinpah. In the Beguiled Donny Siegel born in 12 Chicago Il. less than 45 years after The Great Fire is showing his attempt at grappling with all that contemporary cultural madness of the early 1970's in the form of a classical film artifact. The Beguiled is an incredible film and an outstanding contribution to the cinematographic arts in almost every aspect: the shooting editing direction and story are all fantastic and you're not likely to see anything else like it. Undoubtedly a sinister film its effects as I've said both dizzying and adulterating; frankly it's hard to believe would ever Universal attached its name to this picture but you are going to see upon viewing some of the sweet sweet camera moves and cinematographer Bruce Surtees exploiting every bit of dark myth you harbor in your head about the American Plantation South conflating beauty with evil in every location shot. Clint Eastwood needless to say has never been like this. Old Clint he moves at instant from coy to livid his eyes like two Archimedean spirals in medium close up. The rest of the cast is equally exacting and uncanny.<br /><br />This Beguiled will never make the AFI 100 in my lifetime but that doesn't stop me from positing that it's one of the best American synch sound films ever made. While most people catalogue it as a western to include the folks at The Western Channel The Beguiled is a problem because you don't really know what it is: A sort of war movie? A drama? Psychological thriller? Maybe the answer to all those emotionally wrought Noir films starring Kirk Douglas? I actually call this piece a horror film because when my old man who likes to kick back with the cheap gratuitous violence projected in entertainments like The Wire saw that high angle medium long shot of Geraldine Page wrapping a tourniquet around Clint's bloody leg Pa was pretty quick to suggest we watch something else like the Outback Bowl right before he absconded to another room. My advice: watch this one and make sure it is on a very large screen preferably run on that DPL home theater projector you're contemplating. I would put The Beguiled right on order along with that important consumer purchase turn the overheads out throw some cinematic light up on the big blank wall and try not to lose your grip because just like Norman Bates "We all go a little mad sometimes" even the beguiled.
critique2382 This film does a superb job of depicting the plight of an ALS (Lou Gehrig's Disease)sufferer. The subject is done with compassion as well as humor. Helena Bonham Carter is so convincing as a person with ALS that I found it hard to believe that she was only acting. Kenneth Branagh a superb actor lives up to expectations as the quirky artist who misbehaves and is forced to provide companionship to Helena's character as part of his "community service" an alternative to prison time. Watching the development of the relationship between these two is a treat from beginning to end. Tha fact that it is a fairy tale does not detract from the fabulous performances. One comes to care deeply for the two of them.
critique2383 This film has very tight and well planned dialogue acting and choreography.<br /><br />Recommended film for anyone who wants to see masterful writing and plot.<br /><br />Question: Does anyone know where the house is actually located? It is one of the most interesting houses a 19thC windmill.
critique2384 The movie has very much the feel of a play right from the start - I think it would make a better play than a movie because the set and dramatization make a movie version seem a bit too artificial. But still it's carried out fairly well and the story & especially the dialogue are interesting. They've taken the dialogue pretty much exactly as is from the actual play. Perhaps it's a good introduction to Shaw's plays.<br /><br />The main character Raina has her head in the clouds & and a flair for the dramatic and Helena Bonham Carter's acting does a good job here. Her fiancÃƒÂ© Serges is a bit too cartoonish when he is really supposed to be an extremely handsome dashing figure. Her parents are entertaining enough.
critique2385 Endearingly silly anime only six episodes in duration about a hapless delivery boy called Kintaro (well he's called a delivery boy though he is meant to be in his 20's) and the adventures he has on his travels. Each episode sees him arriving in a new town acquiring a new job developing something of a love interest before each episode ends with him leaving.<br /><br />Gently sexist juvenile very immature at times this is the kind of anime that just puts a smile on the face.<br /><br />Not one to start with if you are not a fan of anime as this certainly won't convince you about the genre but for those who are already converted this is entertaining fluff.
critique2386 Tim Krabbe is the praised author of 'Het Gouden Ei' a novel that was put on the screen twice ('Spoorloos' and 'The Vanishing'). One of the Dutch writer's more recent works is 'De Grot' a psychological thriller about two totally different men Egon and Axel who meet at a youth camp and surprising enough become friends for dear life. Egon is a quiet somewhat dull person who spends his time studying and writing geography books. Axel on the other hand is a charismatic 'party-animal' a heavy drinking criminal whose everyday's concern is to get a woman into his bedroom. From the moment they meet Axel has a strong influence on Egon while the latter envies him because he has a good life without really doing anything (such as reading thick books like Egon); ultimately Egon is even dragged by Egon into illegal practices himself which leads to a fatal drug transport in a distant Asian country.<br /><br />After having read the book last year I was surprised the critics were quite positive about it. In my opinion the book suffers especially from the complex structure. While Krabbe presents the story as an absorbing portrait of an uncommon relationship between two people the plot becomes more of a puzzle: the many episodes are not presented chronologically so that two successive scenes are seldom in the same episode. Because of this the story feels surprisingly remote: you often need to know a character's background to really care for him or her. Another complaint was the fact that the main characters Egon and Axel are a little stereotypical. Egon IS 'the' dull intellectual while Axel IS his exact opposite. In real life such one-dimensional people rarely exist; in books and films they always seem to be there taking away a lot of credibility.<br /><br />Despite all this the film was a pleasant surprise being much better than the book. The adaptation excels in its beautiful cinematography humour and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget he IS acting (which is in my opinion the highest an actor can achieve). The drawbacks of the film however are the same as the book's: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional they are so predictable that it becomes annoying. Guess who wrote the script? Indeed Krabbe himself. It is obvious that this talented director (that's what the movie makes clear anyway) is hampered by a deficient screenplay. Perhaps Koolhoven should just have chosen a better book.<br /><br />7/10
critique2387 In another one of Bugs Bunny's hare-raisingly wacky shorts the famous leporid* works in a department store display case when owner Gildersleeve decides to stuff him. Of course this proves nearly impossible as Bugs apparently knows the store better than Gildersleeve (and knows when to cross-dress). As always they keep everything coming at top speed and so you have to wonder how hilarious this cartoon must have seemed when it first debuted! Among other things "Hare Conditioned" is a fine example of how the Looney Tunes looked in the '40s before the Termite Terrace crowd polished them. But don't get me wrong the cartoons were still really good after the refined forms arrived.<br /><br />Anyway this is a great one.<br /><br />*Leporids are rabbits and hares.
critique2388 This series adds new information and background to the book and includes personal appearances by the author and by archaeologists and other anthropologists. It brings the book to life and makes even more sense of the author's subsequent opus *Collapse*.<br /><br />Diamond himself comes off as personable and caring not just a disinterested or disengaged academic. This series makes it clear that his book was not just a response to a need to "publish or perish" as the saying goes about academe but a deeply considered answer to a question from someone he respects "Why you white people got so much cargo and we have so little?" Because he respected the intelligence of the questioner and his community Diamond looked for an answer that didn't insult that intelligence or that community. I like to think of his answer in a very simple way in the same spirit as "South Park's" "Blame Canada": "Blame wheat!"
critique2389 This is Jackie Chan's best film and my personal favourite. After the disappointing U.S made 'The Protector' directed by James Glickenhaus Jackie took the concept and placed it slap bang into Hong Kong. This is also probably Jackies most violent movie with the audience cringing at the bone breaking stunts.<br /><br />The action is fast and furious Jackie and his crew really did put max effort into the fight design. Bones were broken and blood spilt in the process of making this film as you'll see in the credits.<br /><br />The script is a simple cops and robbers affair nothing special after all it was written around the action. I must say that the english version has some dodgy dubbing but it shouldn't put you off too much.<br /><br />So get the lads round crack open the beers and enjoy. By the way the film was nicknamed 'Glass Story' by the stunt crew. Why? I'll let you find out for yourself!!
critique2390 This is really the only chance to see the magic of James Joyce's writing brought to life. His novels are all unfilmable (in any real sense) and this is the only long story he wrote. It was John Huston's last film and did not reach the screen until after he had died and it is easy to see his touch of greatness. The Dead is poetical in its approach on the screen telling us more about Ireland than any modern movie on the IRA and "the troubles" could ever hope to tell us. Hopefully more people will watch this film and get to experience the finest of both John Huston and James Joyce and perhaps visit this story in your local bookstore (and discover that it is probably the greatest short story ever put on paper).
critique2391 This is the touching story of two families in Israel and the relationships within each family. Each family has a gay son. The stories are interrelated at that point but this film is about all of the family members not just the two sons. The portraits of each of the family members in both families are well drawn and the story is consistently interesting if a bit bleak.
critique2392 Theodore Rex is possibly the greatest cinematic experience of all time and is certainly a milestone in human culture civilization and artistic expression!! In this compelling intellectual masterpiece Jonathan R. Betuel aligns himself with the great film makers of the 20th century such as Francis Ford Copola Martin Scorcese Orson Welles and Roman Polanski. The special effects are nothing less than breathtaking and make any work by Spielberg look trite and elementary. At the time of it's release Theodore Rex was such a revolutionary gem that it raised the bar of film-making to levels never anticipated by film makers. The concept of making not just a motion picture featuring a dinosaur but adapting an action packed thrilling detective novel co-staring a "talking" dinosaur with a post-modern name such as "Theodore" and an existential female police officer changed humanity as we know it. The world could never be the same after experiencing such magnificent beauty. Watching Theodore Rex is much akin to looking into the face of God and hearing Him say "you are my most beloved creation." This is one of the few films that is simply TO DIE FOR!!!
critique2393 Love it love it love it! This is another absolutely superb performance from the Divine Miss M. From the beginning to the end this is one big treat! Don't rent it- buy it now!
critique2394 What we have here is a film perfect for anyone that participates in the world of post-industrialism: those who sit in their privatized home earning money by buying and selling sensual-less commodities and perpetuating a system that values little other than the preservation of self.<br /><br />The beautiful filming (I always appreciate fix 35s and soft boxes) makes it an even stranger place to travel through both enjoyable to look at but frightening to comprehend (perhaps that's overly dramatic but its true).<br /><br />Andreas' journey through his hell is overwhelmingly tragic. His quest is honorable laudable and precious. The conclusion is necessary and we are left not sure if he's better off which is the perfect conclusion.<br /><br />Breve! Highly recommended to all people who view their world with a critical eye and especially to those who don't (perhaps it will encourage a reflection or two).
critique2395 If you enjoyed the TV Series Diagnosis Murder you'll love Murder 101. It's great to see Dick Van Dyke in a murder mystery again. If we're lucky this one will be a start of a TV series or at least series of movies.<br /><br />This movie definitely had some great and notable actors filling the roles. But it didn't feel like a "face" movie. It was really a story that drew you in making you forget about the fame of those on the screen.<br /><br />I made a guess as to the ending and was so pleasantly surprised at the end that I had to watch it again! This is a must see for any mystery buff or Dick Van Dyke lover!
critique2396 Moon Child starring Japanese rockers Hyde and Gackt was a better movie then I expected. In fact I was very impressed and it immediately became one of my favorite movies.<br /><br />Set in Mallepa the story follows a group of street orphans Sho Sho's brother Shinji and Toshi who rob and murder to make a living. On one of robberies Sho encounters Hyde's Kei vampire burning in the sunlight. Through the coarse of events Kei's true nature is shown yet no one shuns him away.<br /><br />The time passes and implies that the immortal never-changing Kei has raised Sho and the two have a an extremely close bond. Sho and Kei then encounter Son in an outrageous gun fight and they become quick friends. Both Kei and Hyde fall in love with Son's sister Yi-Che.<br /><br />Time skips ahead again and shows a grown Sho this time void of Kei. It also explains that Sho and Son have become enemies.<br /><br />Through tragedy after tragedy this movie dives into the reality of life and all it's hardships focusing on friendship and love. It is a truly touching movie that is sad yet beautiful at the same time.<br /><br />As for the acting I think Gackt did a magnificent job. Hyde did an amazing job for a first timer.<br /><br />The shots were beautiful but the movie did have it's rare and short gruesome shots.<br /><br />All in all I must say this movie is amazing moving and I highly recommend it.
critique2397 There are plenty of reviews on this page that will explain this movie's details far more eloquently than I could; but I would like to offer a simple review for those who occasionally go to the movies for more than entertainment. Raising Victor Vargas is so true you will believe it. This flick gets inside your head.
critique2398 This movie was made on a relatively small budget (10-20 million dollars?) with almost no promotion at all from its distributors. I only knew about it because I am a long time Jean-Claude Van Damme fan and I always check out his latest films in hope that they will be at least watchable and aside from some real turkeys (Derailed Second In Command) they are. This movie has an easy enough plot to follow and Van Damme gives a good humorous performance through out but the movie owes all of its credit to the fight scenes involving Van Damme Scott Adkins and the final one of them together. The editing and camera work for most of the film is pretty terrible but Isaac Florentine can definitely film a good fight scene. I too am happy that Van Damme has been acting better lately (In Hell Wake of Death Until Death) but with the good acting came less martial arts. In The Shepherd Van Damme proves that he still has it.
critique2399 The Buddy Holly Story is a great biography with a super performance from Gary Busey. Busey did his own singing for this film and he does a great job.
critique2400 This has to be the best adaptation I have seen it's my favourite and I think it stays very close to the book.What really makes this a must see though is the casting of the two lead actors.The wonderful Timothy Dalton is the best Rochester I have seen on screen brooding and tragicwhile Zelah Clarke is the perfect combination of strengthcourageshyness and gentleness as Jane. The story(as i'm sure most people know)is thisthe young and plain Jane Eyre is a teacher at a charity school for girls in the 1800's who advertises her services as a governess in the newspapers.She is offered the post of governess at the big mansion Thornfield Hall to tutor Adele the young ward of the halls mysterious and respected owner Mr Rochester. As the months go on he falls in love with Jane and puts into effect a few situations to try and see if Jane is as madly in love with him as he is with her.However there is a secret still waiting to be discovered at Thornfield Hall and when it is it's effects are devastating.This is a moving and well acted drama with nice locations and gorgeous costumes plus as I said earlier excellent acting especially from Zelah and Timothy.
critique2401 In this swimming pool this pond there are water lilies and there are frogs. Frogs sit on water lilies. The frog and water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie(Pauline Acquart) is a water lily a synchronized swimming groupie with a crush on Floraine(Adele Haenel) a frog the captain of her team. Floraine's teammates shun their leader because the preternaturally curvy and well-proportioned blonde conveys a loose persona that betrays the syncrhronized swimmer's mindset of conformity and discipline. But Floraine has a secret; the bombshell has a bombshell which "Naissance des pieuvres" reveals to the audience visually before she confides in Marie.<br /><br />Floraine has never gone as they say all the way with a boy.<br /><br />At a party we see a double-image of the burgeoning sex bomb checking her make-up in a bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is a fata morgana. Marie gets to know Floraine's double while her imitation breaks the water lily's heart. While the frog goes through the motions of catching flies for appearance's sake she gets chummy with the water lily when no one's looking. In the film's most startling scene the water lily agrees to give the frog a hand in losing her virginity through the mechanical act of oral stimulation. Floraine wants boys to like her but she doesn't like boys seemingly but it's more important to the frog that she's popular. When the water lily finally kisses the frog the frog remains a frog. The frog can't transform into a water lily or a princess because the water lily lost the frog's respect. After their lips unlock Floraine tells Marie "See it's easy" which is the frog's way of equating their kiss with the orgasm that her friend gave her as nothing more than a rite-of-passage without any strings attached. Floraine's beauty is a burden. She carries the weight of meeting boy's expectations. Florence uses Marie to have one final fling before her fata morgana subjugates its imitation into the closet.<br /><br />The other water lily the other frog Marie's best friend Anne(Louise Blachere) and Floraine's frustrated boy-toy Francois(Warren Jacobs) just like any water lily and frog have a parasitic relationship too. While Floraine uses Marie for love Francois uses Anne for sex. But that's life; that's the treachery of growing up in which even a friend will turn on a good friend if the opportunity to move up the food chain presents itself. At a McDonalds the water lily chastises the other water lily after bathing extensively in the frog's afterglow. Physical beauty is a currency. Marie gets to call the shots because Anne although far from being ugly is overweight and has an unflattering hairdo. Anne tries to fight back by using her breasts as ample retaliation(the magnifying glass from her Happy Meal incidentally comments on Marie's flat chest) but the tadpole(Marie thinks she's better than Anne better than a water lily) points out that her breasts are a byproduct of fat. <br /><br />Teenaged girls can be brutal to each other.<br /><br />Later in the final shot "Naissance des pieuvres" suggests that Marie has a double too and this symbiosis among water lilies has the potential to turn parasitic in the near-future if it not already has. Teenaged girls can be brutal to each other in a way that no boy could match.
critique2402 I can't say how many times that one line has made me laugh or how often I've described that scene to folks not familiar with this film. I saw it the year it was released I was 19. I don't think there were a dozen people in that East Village theater that night. For years I thought we were the only ones who saw it. Nice to see here that others found it as hysterical as I had and see it's lasting value despite the time gone by. Rent it buy it or steal it.... a must see.
critique2403 Dolemite may not have been the first black exploitation flick to come along but it certainly is one of the best. It is a pivotal film in the Black Exploitation genre as where it caused a dramatic shift between the films that came before it in contrast to the films that came after it. It wasn't necessarily a poignant or moving film about black culture and it's fight to overcome issues like racism or anything as important as that but it was the story of one bad-assed dude fighting "whitey" with his army of hot kung-fu mama's. It was a guilty pleasure great fun and best to watch it with friends. (10 out of 10)
critique2404 There are few comedies like this where almost every line and every character come close to flawless. This is soooo funny!! And it has quite a bit of satire there to. Sally Field is heading the field of truly outstanding actors and does a good if not perfect job with her daytime tv-diva. Sometimes her acting is just a little to broad and over the top but 90 % of the time she is a riot! In the same league is Kevin Kline Robert Downey Jr and Whoopy Goldberg (who unfortunately has too little to do here). Downey jr may not convince entirely as a comedian and has not the timing right all the time but he struggles with his part which is to be honest the most ungrateful one. But the shining star here is Cathy Moriarty as Celeste a true bitch if there ever was one with more than one nasty secret (you will see in the absolutely stunning finale!). Sadly Elisabeth Shue never seems to be quite comfortable in her part. I normally like Ms Shue but here she acts as a fish out of water and sometimes seems to be in a different movie. But it is not something damaging and for the most part she is at least adequate. Otherwise brimming with memorable lines and situations this is a comedy to watch whenever it is on TV or wherever.
critique2405 This is an excellent movie and I would recommend it to everyone. Mr. Drury's acting is top notch as it always is and he blends well with the other actors in the movie. Can't give away any of the suspense or drama found in the movie. Hell to pay is a must see movie!!! The plot was very suspenseful. I would watch this movie over and over again because it has all the elements of a great western movie. It was very authentic in how they displayed the components dealing with this movie which includes the guns horses and clothing. The soundtrack is enjoyable and adds flavor to the movie. James Drury has the right touch when picking out a movie to be involved with. This is a another winner for the western genre. !!!!!
critique2406 This movie was very cute and totally little girl appropriate. My nieces have watched it non-stop since they've gotten it and as a result I've seen it nearly 4 times all the way through. I can't get enough of it. The CGI images are great to watch the humor is good and the ballet portrayals are excellent. Although the story line has a few holes no little girl will pick up on them and as an adult the movie is so charming that one hardly even notices. Just keep in mind that it is a Barbie movie and though cheesy at times in my experience this one lives up to the high standard which the other Barbie princess movies have set for it. I would recommend this to anyone who has a little girl who has always wanted to be a princess. It teaches a good lesson as well. Everyone is special and different in their own way and everyone can make a difference.
critique2407 Yes I call this a perfect movie. Not one boring second a fantastic cast of mostly little known actresses and actors a great array of characters who are all well defined and who all have understandable motives I could sympathize with perfect lighting crisp black and white photography a fitting soundtrack an intelligent and harmonious set design and a story that is engaging and works. It's one of those prime quality pictures on which all the pride of Hollywood should rest the mark everyone should endeavor to reach.<br /><br />Barbara Stanwyck is simply stunning. There was nothing this actress couldn't do and she always went easy on the melodramatic side. No hysterical outbursts with this lady - I always thought she was a better actress than screen goddesses like Bette Davis or Joan Crawford and this movie confirmed my opinion. Always as tough as nails and at the same time conveying true sentiments. It is fair to add that she also got many good parts during her long career and this one is by far the least interesting.<br /><br />The title fits this movie very well. It is about desires human desires I think everyone can understand. Actually no one seems to be scheming in this movie all characters act on impulse everybody wants to be happy without hurting anybody else. The sad fact that this more often than not leads to complications makes for the dramatic content into which I will not go here.<br /><br />I liked what this movie has to say about youth about maturing and about the necessity to compromise. The movie I associate most with this one is Alfred Hitchcock's Shadow of a Doubt it creates a similar atmosphere of idealized and at the same time caricatured Small Town America. The story has a certain similarity with Fritz Lang's considerably harsher movie Clash by Night made one year earlier where Stanywck stars in a similar part. I can also recommend it.
critique2408 I expected this film to be a run-of-the-mill 1930's romance. Boy meets girl they fall in love boy loses girl boy wins her back in the end. It wasn't like that at all. Clark Gable plays con artist Eddie with all his usual charisma and mischievous eyebrow raising. He is hiding out from the cops when he bursts into Ruby (Jean Harlow)'s apartment to find her covered in bubbles in the bathtub no less. Instant chemistry.She plays hard to get for a while but a girl can only resist that grin for so long. The heat between them is evident and there are some scenes that are definitely pre-production code! When a blackmail job goes bad and Ruby ends up in a boarding house for "troubled girls" she is miserable and thanks to the ragging her roommate gives her begins to believe that Eddie will never come for her. Harlow plays the hard-nosed fast talking Ruby perfectly. She never lets Gable get all the good lines! There is an especially moving scene with her playing "their song" on the piano that is acted perfectly. The last fifteen minutes have me crying every time. A truly sweet romance.
critique2409 In a series chock-full of brilliant episodes this one stands out as one of my very favorites. It's not the most profound episode there's no great meaning or message. But it's a lot of fun and there are some fine performances.<br /><br />But what makes it really stand out for me is that it is to my knowledge the *only* Twilight Zone episode with a *double* snapper ending. The Zone is rightly famous for providing a big surprise at the end of a story. But this time you get a surprise and think that's that but it turns out there's *another* surprise waiting. I just like that so much that this is probably one of my two favorite episodes (the other being a deeper more message-oriented one).
critique2410 Dog days is one of most accurate films i've ever seen describing life in modern cities. It's very harsh and cruel at some points and sadly it's very close to reality. Isolation desperation deep emotional dead ends problematic affairs perversion complexes madness. All the things that are present in the big advanced cities of today. It makes you realize once again the pityful state in which people have lead society. <br /><br />The negative side of life in the city was never pictured on screen so properly. I only wish it was a lie. Unfortunately it isn't. Therefore...10/10.
critique2411 The alternate title of Ecstasy is Symphony of Love; a title which appropriately describes the mood and feel of the film. Ecstasy is an early talkie and could have very well been a classic film if released during the silent film era. This film is a visual treat and is deliberately paced so the viewer can savour its sensuous lyric quality which is presented in an artistic low-key fashion. The director's style is distinctly European. The subject matter and approach to sexuality was far more sophisticated than what was being produced in Hollywood at that time. Consider the censorship code in the US during the 30's that pretty much sums it up. Hedy Lamarr one of the great beauties of all time was a perfect choice for this 'Symphony of Love.'
critique2412 This Documentary (Now available free on Video.Google.Com) is a fantastic demonstration of the power of ordinary people to overcome injustice. Everyone must see this.<br /><br />Chavez was elected in a landslide vote in 1998. His platform was to divert the fantastic oil wealth from the 20% middle class to the 80% poor. He banned foreign drift net fishing in Venezuelan waters. He sent 10000 Cuban doctors to the slums to treat the sick for free. He wiped out illiteracy and set up new free Universities. <br /><br />But it was his 30% tax on oil company profits that got him in trouble with the Bush administration. In 2002 while Irish film makers Kim Bartley and Donnacha O'Briain were interviewing Chavez inside the Presidential Palace about his social programs a CIA backed coup was launched. With the cameras rolling Chavez was captured and flown out of the country. It was announced on national TV that he had 'resigned'.<br /><br />But the poor of Venezuela didn't believe the media. They went to the Palace in their millions and demanded that Chavez be returned. In the face of such overwhelming numbers the military turned on the coup leaders and the plotters fled to the US. Chavez was rescued by military helicopter and returned to jubilation.
critique2413 When you look at Mexico's best movies you will more than likely find that the Photography was performed by Gabriel Figueroa. He is recognized in the world as one of the best that have ever existed. His master control of the cameras gave an added asset to the movies he was part of. If added to his participation we add the direction of Luis Bunuel you will never find such a pair of aces anywhere else in the world. This story Nazarin was written by Spain's greatest writer besides Miguel de Cervantes(Don Quijote de la Mancha). The story in itself is superb: Nazarin a priest that lives by his beliefs tries to live a very Christian life but as always there are people that do not accept this. He wanders through many places preaching his Christianity but finding most of the time people that do not accept him. But besides the splendid story it is always interesting to try to interpret the enigmatic messages that Bunuel sends us throughout the picture in scenes that make you shiver.
critique2414 The hilarious team that brought you 'CNNNN' and 'The Chaser Decides' have returned to the ABC with their new series 'The Chaser's War On Everything.' Filmed in front of a live audience the Chaser team once again does what it does best- lampooning key political figures international celebrities and media personalities.<br /><br />The satire is simply priceless and nothing is sacred. In recent weeks the Chaser Team has chased alongside the Queen (during her visit to Australia) to try and have John Howard Dismissed and had Kim Beazley (Aust. Opposition Leader) threaten to kneecap them.<br /><br />A particularly funny segment is "Mr. Ten Questions" showing an overly enthusiastic reporter who approaches celebrities (recently Charlize Theron and The Backstreet Boys) and asks them ten such inane questions as "what is your optimum length of rice grain?" Just for the record Theron ignored him and walked away and one of the Backstreet Boys got angry and "refused to dignify it with a response."<br /><br />A segment that recently had me in stitches was when one of the team decided to become a 'statue busker' to score some extra money. When he realized how hopeless he was he put a real statue in his place. THE PERFECT SCAM! He got thirty dollars in twenty minutes!<br /><br />A brilliant satire of everything in Australian society. Two thumbs up!<br /><br />(By the way the show won't be showing for the three weeks after Easter because "though the team are all atheists they're also hypocrites.")
critique2415 I enjoyed this film which offers a variety of interesting subplots and complex love-hate relations along with interspersed action scenes and some lighthearted moments in which the mountain men counter harsh army discipline. All the main characters are well cast. True John Wayne or Robert Mitchum could probably have done the starring role just as well but Victor Mature certainly comes across as a headstrong brawling Tarzan of sorts. Reminds me of his film role as Samson another difficult but not impossible man to tame.<br /><br />The mountain men in the opening scene are certainly an anachronism as the era of pure trapper mountain men pretty much ended 20 years before with the collapse of western beaver populations as well as the fashion market for beaver pelts. This story supposedly takes place in Oregon just before the end of the Civil War. Judging by the volcano in the background of the opening scene(probably Mt. Lassen) the fictional fort was located somewhere in a remote section of the Cascades as we never see any other civilians. However there is plenty of conflicting evidence that it actually takes place in the mountains of Wyoming or Montana! Red Cloud the war chief who threatens the trappers and soldiers in the fort is the namesake of a very famous Sioux war chief who led a very successful campaign in 1865-66 to exterminate the newly built army forts in Wyoming and Montana. Fort Laramie(eastern Wyoming)is mentioned as being not too far removed from the fictional fort. The plains tribe of Assiniboines is mentioning as joining Red Cloud. This aspect of the story then bears a general resemblance to historical fact.<br /><br />It may be of interest to note certain resemblances between the plot of this story and that of John Ford's "Fort Apache". In both cases we have a fort commander who was recently assigned to his first frontier post with Native American problems. He underestimates the military prowess of his adversaries regarding them as little more than cannon fodder to promote his career. In both films he pays dearly for his inexperience in dealing with the enemy.. Also in common the greenhorn commander resents a subordinate who has long experience with the local Native Americans and wants to tell him what is wise to do and not to do. In both films we have a budding romantic relaionship between a woman very close to the commander's heart and a subordinate which the commander does everything to squelch. Clearly the commander must be eliminated to allow these romances to proceed to completion.<br /><br />I also see certain resemblances with "The Misfits". The soldiers as a whole including the commander are misfits of a sort((as one of them admits): mostly they have "problems" or are raw recruits with no experience fighting Native Americans. The commander's wife apparently is the only woman in or anywhere near this fort thus is inherently a misfit with a husband who is very uncertain of his future in the army. The trappers in turn are also misfits not really wanting to accept army or civilian discipline yet cut off from their previous free spirit lives by the recent army-generated antagonism by Red Cloud. <br /><br />Finally we can also compare this story with Anthony Mann's later film "The Far Country" starring Jimmy Stewart. In Stewart's case he can choose to return to being a loner cowboy at the end. But Mature's character doesn't come up with an appetizing new way of being his own boss. Red Cloud has made life outside of the army in this region too dangerous to contemplate. Besides he has an obsession with the Commander's wife.
critique2416 This is a good episode but it's not my favorite. A lot of people love it and on a creative level it's brilliant. Most of the episode has no dialog which is such a cool idea and "Hush" handles the silence really well. Plus this episode introduces Tara who I like a lot. But I don't like Riely or the Initative or Maggie Walsh and they seem to get a lot of screen time in "Hush." Plus I don't think the Gentlemen are that scary and I get tired of watching the float around Sunnydale. I know that I'm in the minority but I tend to fast-forward parts of "Hush." Of course there are other parts of the episode that I think are great so if you're watching on DVD I recommend seeing this episode. It really is a classic.<br /><br />"Hush" revolves around the entire town losing their voices. Skelatal looking demon-guys called the Gentlemen arrive to gather seven hearts from human victims but if they hear a human scream they die. So they steal the voices of everyone in town. Buffy and the Scoobies try to figure out what's going on while the Initative also start investigating. Meanwhile Xander comes to realize how much Anya means to him and Willow meets a fellow witch named Tara. Buffy and Riely finally come face to face while fighting the Gentlemen. They are both stunned about what they learn... He's a commando and she's the Slayer. In the end Buffy saves the day but she now has to deal with her new knowledge of Riely's secret life.<br /><br />Really the creativity of "Hush" can't be seen in a basic outline of its plot. It's the overwhelming silence of the episode that makes it so great. The characters try to communicate in different ways (White-out boards pantomime obscene finger gestures etc...) and it all just works really well. After a while you forget that there's no dialog because they're all so good at expressing themselves. During the "talking" parts of the episode there are a lot of references to the importance of really "hearing" each other. Anya claims that Xander won't really talk to her. Giles ignores Spike and Xander's protests and insists that Spike move into Xander's apartment. Buffy quickly substitutes the word "petroleum" for "patrolling" when she talks to Riely so she won't have to explain her calling. And then at the end when Buffy and Riely really do learn the truth about each other they sit there with nothing to say. It's all pretty cool.<br /><br />There are a lot of good parts to this episode. I love that people keep forgetting that they can't talk. Buffy and Xander both try to use the phone. Riley can't use the voice recognition thing in the Initatives' elevator. People try to scream. It's basically what everyone would really do if they suddenly had no speech. And I think it's hilarious that Spike has to move in with Xander. (They'll also share an apartment for a little while in season seven.) Xander and Spike have a fun bickering childishness that's just hilarious. Also I like the beginning of Tara and Willow's relationship. Tara plays an important role for the rest of the show and she and Willow are pretty cute together. It's nice to see them just starting out.<br /><br />On the downside I don't understand how the Gentlemen are choosing their victims. They just seem to float around dorms and pick random people. Also I don't like Riely. I've never liked him but from "Hush" on I'm pretty much just waiting for Angel to come back to town and beat him up. Finally what happens to Olivia after this? It seems like we just met her she and Giles have a relationship everything's going fine... and then she's suddenly dropped. I don't get it.<br /><br />My favorite part of the episode: Giles' "Who are the Gentlemen?" lecture to the Scoobies. The whole scene is wonderful and his over-heads are just hilarious. He makes some similar looking flashcards in season seven's "First Date." Pretty much anytime Giles starts drawing monsters it's just gonna be fun.
critique2417 There wasn't a dry eye amongst the audience yesterday afternoon after I left the cinema having seen this gem of a film in a sold-out house as part of this year's Hamburg Film Festival. And the tears shed were all of laughter. This film was hilarious there's no other way of saying this. There wasn't one boring bit in it I laughed right through it and with me everyone else of us three hundred lovers of French cinÃƒÂ©ma.<br /><br />Alain Chabat was absolutely terrific. A great clown if needs be and serious if the situation calls for it. The performance was of course completely over the top but this was exactly what the story needed and what made it work so well. Equally great was Charlotte Gainsbourg who I love to see a lot and the mother was also a very strong performance. The sisters could have been a bit more detailed in character script-wise but apart from that there is nothing to moan about. I had a great afternoon seeing this film while Hamburg was drowning in rain outside and I wish films like this from France would get a regular release in Germany. But the distributors is this country don't seem to understand that the French make good films. I at least can't wait to find a DVD which offers subtitles (Hello Australia? Please?) because that film I need at home to watch several more times!
critique2418 The warmest most engaging movie of its genre Those Lips Those Eyes made me smile and cry as it reminded me of the work it takes to pursue a dream and the pain of disappointment. Hulce and Langella are superb and the story seems to write itself. A brilliant screenplay by David Shaber (one of my favorites! - see The Warriors and Nighthawks for more...) and beautiful sets filmed on location (I think) at the actual summer theater in which the story takes place. You can't see this movie and not want to drop everything and get into the theater! Please check this video out if you can find it.
critique2419 I remember seeing this 1978 comedy at one of the bargain matinees I took in when I was looking for a study break from my college courses. Walter Matthau and Glenda Jackson do some effective Tracy-Hepburn-style thrusting-and-parrying in this featherweight romp directed by the reliable Howard Zieff (he did "Private Benjamin") about a newly widowed doctor's aggressive re-entry into the dating game. It all breezes by quickly primarily thanks to the clever script by veteran screenwriter Julius J. Epstein ("Casablanca") along with Alan Mandel Max Shulman and future director Charles Shyer.<br /><br />Dr. Charley Nichols has just come back from Hawaii after his wife's death. Upon his return he becomes aware that he is instant catnip to any and all the single women in LA. He works in a hospital run by an increasingly senile chief-of-staff Amos Willoughby whom Charley has to pacify to keep his residency. Enter Ann Atkinson a transplanted Englishwoman who bakes cheesecakes for a living and has certain concrete opinions about the medical profession which she expresses freely on a PBS talk show. Of course Charley is on the show's discussion panel and sparks as they say fly. This leads to the standard complications about how serious Charley is willing to become about Ann. At the same time the hospital has to deal with a potential wrongful death lawsuit from the widow of a rich baseball team owner who died at the hospital under Willoughby's careless supervision.<br /><br />It's just refreshing to see such a mature yet bracing love story between two characters inhabited by actors who deliver lines with the scalpel-wielding skill of surgeons. Matthau is his usual 1970's curmudgeonly swinger and quite a sight waddling with his gangly arms held akimbo in his power walk. Away from her heavy award-winning Elizabethan roles Jackson is crisply sardonic and charmingly vulnerable as the feisty Ann who thinks all doctors should aspire to be Albert Schweitzer. Art Carney plays Willoughby with predictable bluster while Richard Benjamin provides amiable support as Charley's colleague Dr. Solomon. It's all very compact with a few nice jabs at the greed within the medical profession. There are no extras on the 2005 DVD.
critique2420 Typically Spanish production - slow-moving but with great sensuousness and sexuality oozing from the lead actress Paz Vega. (Watch her in "Spanglish"). Great sets lots of colour - you get to see Cordoba Seville Spanish mountains and countryside. The plot tends to meander here and there but if you follow closely (I managed to even though the film is in Spanish) you'll get the gist of it.<br /><br />It's about how one very highly sensual young Gypsy woman Carmen uses her feminine wiles to seduce men to do her bidding. Carmen is being taken to prison after attacking a fellow cigarera at the cigar factory where she works. She persuades Jose the soldier in charge of taking her to prison to let her escape. Jose succumbs to her charms because she speaks Basque (he is Navarrese and speaks the same language). Jose is punished by 1 month in jail and demoted to foot soldier. He later meets Carmen at a party and they end up becoming lovers. But Carmen refuses to commit to him and continues her lascivious and flirty lifestyle. In a jealous rage Jose kills a fellow soldier who has been with Carmen. They then have to leave town. Life on the run turns Jose into a bandit. Carmen meanwhile remains the same a wildly promiscuous woman. In the end Jose loses his mind and ends up killing Carmen.<br /><br />The story is told by Jose in prison awaiting to be executed. The person he tells the story to is Prospero Merrime a French writer and anthropologist whose fancy watch (it plays Beethoven's Fur Elise) was stolen by either Carmen or Jose.<br /><br />Worth watching for the sets and for the delectable Paz Vega.
critique2421 George Lopez never caught my interest in his stand up comedy and he still doesn't. But this show is a work of art. It's not ever show where the jokes keep you laughing every time you remember it (and jokes that re memorable at that). This show just has an upbeat look to it and the characters range from an old short drunk to an dyslexic teenager. I don't know who writes this show but that person does a great job. If they had just continued the show I'm sure that it would get a positive response from the critics of this great country. If you are looking for a good traditional comedy then George Lopez is the show for you! The one bad thing is the title. George Lopez? Really? Imagine the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air being "Will Smith". C'mon man! But otherwise this show is genius! 10/10
critique2422 this movie was rather awful Vipul Shah's last movie was good this one was just bad although it's a good story and is handled in a great way Aatish Kapadia who adapted this movie from another gujarati play "Avjo Wahala Fari Malishu" made a good but slow pianful 2 and a half hours to watch there are a lot of flaws in this movie but it's still a entertainer songs are rather bleaked out and don't work well but they're still good overall not a movie you would enthusiastically watch it's still a story to take in to account and it's good if you're the relationship type pretty good movie with loads of flaws and humor that's really not needed even one bit
critique2423 Why should you watch this? There are certainly no reasons why you shouldn't watch it! Superbly and amusingly directed by Albert and David Maysles Grey Gardens was originally intended to be a film on the gentrification of East Hampton but it turned out to the brothers that it would be more interesting to produce a study on the eccentric life of the two Edith Bouvier Beales the aunt and cousin of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Their life was certainly an amusing one (Edith spent most of her day in bed singing operas Edie performing pirouettes and majorette dances with their many cats one was named Ted Z. Kennedy) The film is interesting because it is both funny and sad - Edith died shortly after the film was released (in February 1977) aged 82 after experiencing some of the fame that she and Edie received after the film (she danced and sang in a nightclub Edie Beale Jr was born in 1925 and is still living in Miami Beach.This film is both engaging and spellbounding.
critique2424 I've read a lot of reviews about Showtime on IMDb and many seem to miss the mark. I've noticed a lot of reviewers calling this the typical "buddy" film. De Niro is in no way Murphy's buddy throughout most of this movie. In fact part of the comedy of this film is De Niro's reluctance to be friends with anybody.<br /><br />Murphy really shines in this one. He is back at doing what he does best acting like a complete ham. He is a cop who wants so much to be an actor and enjoys being in the reality show. De Niro is perfect as the straight man who thinks the entire thing is stupid. I thought the two of them had great chemistry and were a perfect casting choice. Rene Russo is also great as the TV producer. Of course she loves everything Murphy does and tries so hard (along with Murhpy) to get DeNiro going too.<br /><br />A lot of reviewers have touched on the hilarious scene with William Shatner reprising his role as TJ Hooker to train Murhpy & De Niro how to "act" like cops. But my favorite scene involves Murphy in the "confessional" hoping he could get a Wesly Snipes-Like cop to team up with instead of De Niro. Man that was hilarious! Comedies often depend on your personal tastes. Sure you could poke holes in the plot most often you can with a comedy. I was psyched to see the pairing of Murphy and De Niro...I think it brought out the best in Murphy which was nice to see him at the top of his game again. I can only imagine it was a great honor for Murphy to be paired with the great De Niro. Rating 8 of 10 stars.
critique2425 Cactus Flower is what I call a "pizza movie" -A personal favorite that never fails to satisfy. Perfect for an evening at home with a pizza. Knowing all the lines (and what lines!) by heart only enhances the enjoyment.<br /><br />Since so many others here have retold the plot I'll simply add the correction that Bergman's character Miss Dickinson was a nurse-receptionist meaning she was a skilled nurse -and therefore an educated person -not "just" a receptionist.<br /><br />Bergman's performance in this film -and the film itself- was largely dismissed at the time but today's audiences will marvel at her range; not just the impeccable comic timing but the ability to make us believe her character is unaware of her own feelings while revealing them so clearly to Toni and to us. While the general plot stretches credibility Bergman's performance is compelling: honest and utterly believable.<br /><br />Also a standout is Jack Weston's performance as the Matthau's old friend and co-conspirator Harvey. No one could deliver a zinger like Weston and I.A.L. Diamond's script gives him plenty. For example: "That's such a big dirty rotten lie it has class." Weston excelled at slightly seedy characters because he exuded a warmth that allowed you to forgive his characters' flaws. <br /><br />The film is a fairly straight adaptation of the Abe Burrows play (which was itself adapted from a French play by Barillet and Gredy). On Broadway Matthau's role was played by Barry Nelson. Bergman's by Lauren Bacall and Hawn's by Brenda Vaccaro. It ran for 1234 performances (three years) and was nominated for two Tony Awards (Vaccaro and Burt Brinckerhoff who played Igor).<br /><br />For me the film's score written and adapted by the legendary Quincy Jones is another highlight. The main theme (A Time For Love Is Anytime) is performed by Sarah Vaughn over the opening and closing credits. It is also insinuated in different arrangements throughout the film most notably as the romantic piano music underscoring Berman's speech to Hawn in the record store. Jones also created covers of popular songs from the period (To Sir With Love I'm A Believer) for the night club scenes. As with all of the film's elements there is a tremendous amount of talent taste and professionalism evident. <br /><br />In my opinion few modern romantic comedies can hold a candle to this classic. It's great to finally have it available on DVD. Time to call for a pizza...
critique2426 I've been watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer and really didn't begin to love the show until Season 4 started. This episode "Hush" was view by me alone in the dark just after Midnight with my windows open and the wind blowing through furiously by an after storm. The writers of this episode did an excellent job scaring the heck out of me. I was in awe the entire episode which I just finished 2 minutes ago. Amazing doesn't touch the surface of what this episode accomplishes with almost no dialogue. If you've never given this show much thought at least watch this episode. If this doesn't impress you then no episode probably will.<br /><br />BTW My Heart is still racing...
critique2427 Mario's first foray into the world of 3-dimensions is incredible. Miyamoto's masterpiece was reason enough to buy a Nintendo 64 when it was released in 1996 and it still holds all of it's charm today. This game is an instant classic that set the standard for 3D adventure/platform games.
critique2428 My impression having seen this documentary is that Nathaniel Kahn ended up with more questions than he had before he made the film. <br /><br />He took five years to make it a labour of love and longing. I can only imagine the turmoil of the editing process what to leave in what to take out. <br /><br />His father the renowned architect Louis Kahncomes across as a man too selfish and self-absorbed to be emotionally available to even one wife not alone three. But like many men of his character he attracted women who were spellbound by the remoteness and entranced by the creativity. <br /><br />One of his mistresses said he was "accessible" but that is never explored. Other comments by people who knew him well suffer the same fate. A pity. <br /><br />The tension between the three half-siblings in the room of a home Louis designed is also palpable. The unsaid hovers over the conversation. The only tracks that his father left were in the buildings he left behind some great some not so great. <br /><br />I was captivated by the music ship and the Salk Institute. Saddened by the baby mothers who got caught forever by his callous impregnations never more exemplified than what he said to the director's mother upon being told of her pregnancy - "not again!" <br /><br />8 out of 10 beautifully filmed genuine. <br /><br />It appears in this case at least the son is not the father of the man.
critique2429 This film is unusual and bizarre and it is nearly unusual and bizarre in a very good way. I give this short a 7 just because it is so unique and off-the-wall but much of the time it seems as though it is being bizarre just for the sake of being bizarre. If the film had managed to integrate its more bizarre moments into some semblance of a plot then it would have been really fantastic.<br /><br />The main problem here is that it looks as though the creators just jumbled together a bunch of crap about spatulas then threw in a whole bunch more crap that sounded as though it would sound funny coming from the mouth of a spatula.<br /><br />This is definitely worth checking out but it is not top rate by any stretch of the creators wild imaginations.
critique2430 Aileen Gonsalves my girlfriend is in this film playing a secretary at the main character's bank. She has a lovely scene with Roshan Seth in a restaurant. There's more information on her website at >Having stated my personal interest in the film I have to say that I think it is a beautiful movie - moving funny and beautifully filmed.
critique2431 this film is wonderful film for students of film. in mainstream American film it is common to see stylistic techniques used to draw the audience into the movie. in this film the director uses stylistic techniques to push the story forward.<br /><br />this is a love story that offers no sex. to be honest i can't even recall the characters kissing. rather the plot focuses on the emotional ties between the two characters.<br /><br />i would not recommend this film for everybody. it is not very accessible. it is very slow moving and the subtle. it is a difficult film and mostly not entertaining.<br /><br />i would reccoment this film to people who want to see something different. it is a piece of art. the soundtrack is most beautiful and visually every frame is a photograph. and most beautiful of all it's not visually stimulating for the sake of being visually stimulating. every frame illustrates a little bit more of the story...
critique2432 This movie took me by complete surprise. I watched it 2 or 3 times. I really liked this film. There were many truths this movie brought up. I love all the characters in this film as well. This movie makes a lot of sense because as society "becomes more advance" What does the culture loose? Not to sound preachy. I can really relate to this movie from my child hood and loosing apart of my life that will never come back or ever been the same. This film is on my top 5 movies I have ever watched. There is just such a raw truth that I feel when I watch the movie and its not the kind of truth that you have to dig for its right in front of your face. The creators of this film did a great job and I enjoyed this movie very much. This movie may not be for every one but if you have an open mind I think you will love it.
critique2433 My first Mamin film saw it on IFC long ago and LOVED it. It seemed absolutely artistic original fun and hilarious. Not a moment in the film let me down or made me bored and i was laughing a lot or had a smile on my face. I mean this movie is truly funny. But here's the catch: it's also very artistic and creative - if you don't know Yuri Mamin (probably sadly because so many of his GREAT films aren't available here) he has a very original style like no one else's and for me this isn't even my favorite film of his (right now it's the insane ("Saideburns/Bakenbardy"). Also i have to say as a Russian this film is great because you really do see what Russians are like. And this is possible because this is a true Russian film to me NOT a foreign film trying to be American or trying to appeal; Mamin did not sell out (nor has he since Gorko (1998) was as good if not better. This is true Russian style filmaking that came out of communist Social realism.<br /><br />If you liked this film i think you have a very high chance of loving Mamin's other films in fact i like quite a few of them more than this one. I guess this one is his most accessible film. A similar film is Fountain taking place 6 years before during perestroika it has the same actor in the leading role and more of Mamin's regulars who you will recognize from Window to Paris; this one has one supernatural twist in the end but is mostly a realistic comedy a great one. Viva Mamin hopefully Criterion will hook all of his movies up one day he's still working and his catalog is so great! See any of his films if you can.
critique2434 If you're going to spoof James Bond it's a brilliant idea to find a leading man who resembles BOTH Sean Connery and Leonard Rossiter so step forward Jean Dujardin who captures perfectly the Connery sneer that masquerades as a smile plus the self-delusion of Rossiter thinking he is suave. Dujardin plays it like a Clouseau who can hold his own at karate. The plot has him looking for Our Man In Schtook who has disappeared mysteriously and includes such improbabilities as a Nazi cell concealed inside a pyramid. If there is a jarring note it is the leading lady Berenice Bejo who has all the sensuality of a suet pudding and is eclipsed - but only just - by Aure Atika. It's good for one viewing but that's about it.
critique2435 I've avoided seeing this film for some time but finally picked up a copy. Having been born too late to see 'Hair' in its contemporary setting I have just been familiar with the UK and Broadway cast recordings for many years; and saw it on stage in the late 1980s where it looked a little creaky but still great fun.<br /><br />The film. It drops some of the songs (The Bed My Conviction Frank Mills) and cuts others (Walking in Space). However what is left is presented very well indeed. All the singers and dancers are excellent and the key performers (especially Treat Williams as Berger Beverley D'Angelo as Sheila John Savage as Claude) are memorable.<br /><br />As a hippy celebration and anthem 'Hair' manages to be remain potent even in a film made ten years too late. It was no longer the era of peace love and Biba but the time of punk rock ... although watching this film now in the time of Iraqi problems gives a new resonance to the Vietnam issues of the 1960s.<br /><br />Milos Forman who also made 'Amadeus' did a good job on directing. In its scope and feel it reminds me of Norman Jewison's 'Jesus Christ Superstar' especially with the joy of the 'Aquarius' scene and the intimacy of 'Easy To Be Hard'.<br /><br />I really enjoyed this film and consider it a good representation of a musical born out of the first truly hedonistic era.
critique2436 This story documenting the rise of China's first emperor and his efforts to unify the empire was the most expensive movie production in Chinese history.<br /><br />It's worth every penny. Visually dazzling cinematography a sweeping score and outstanding characters make this one of the finest epics ever put on film (foreign or otherwise.) Please do not miss the opportunity to see this on the big screen.
critique2437 I've been looking forward to the release of this movie since I first heard the concept two years ago and I was not disappointed. I won't bother summarizing the story since everyone else has but I will say that it was just plain entertaining throughout. The performances were great as was the music and the main characters were likeable.<br /><br />My only complaints are: (1) the story was definitely lacking; the movie wrapped up very abruptly- in fact the writing became pretty lax in the second half as though the writers weren't sure what to do with the plot. Since the plot wasn't nearly as important as the music and the action this didn't really affect the entertainment value of the film so this is not as major a complaint as it would seem.<br /><br />(2) This is really nitpicky but the music that the characters in the movie were listening to was sometimes dated after 1985 when the movie was set. INXS' Devil Inside was from 1987 and AC/DC's Are You Ready was from 1990 among other mistakes. This bothers me a bit since they obviously went to lengths to make a good period piece they could have checked the copyright date on these songs to make sure they were 1985 or earlier. Again not a big deal.<br /><br />Oh I thought of something else that was strange. The Steel Dragon band members were supposed to be English but for some reason Dokken bassist Jeff Pilson and Ozzy guitarist Zakk Wylde played band members and they each had a couple of speaking lines in AMERICAN accents. That was kind of lazy also but it was still cool to see actual musicians playing musicians so I will forgive that as well.<br /><br />I could probably nitpick all day but I don't want to give the impression that this wasn't a super entertaining movie. I will probably buy the DVD when it comes out and I will certainly buy the soundtrack CD simply for the six Steel Dragon songs (some of which were sung by the singer from the band Steelheart if you remember them!). The highlight of the film was possibly a great outtake where Mark Wahlberg is lipsynching to a rock song on stage and suddenly someone plays "Good Vibrations" by Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch. The surprised look of Mark's face is priceless. Classic rock and roll flick! Score: 8/10 due to extreme entertainment
critique2438 If you can watch a Bond film from 1983 that isn't as good as Octopussy and still enjoy it.<br /><br />If you can accept production values which aren't that much above the level of a TV movie.<br /><br />If you can look at Sean Connery with wrinkles on his forehead beneath an obvious toupÃƒÂ©e and still see James Bond.<br /><br />If you can get past an inexperienced Basinger a weaker Largo and a jolly Q.<br /><br />If you can learn to love an idiosyncratic score not up there with Barry on his worst day.<br /><br />If you don't believe the hyperbolic reviews that it was greeted with on release.<br /><br />If you can meet a poker battle and a video game face off and enjoy them both the same.<br /><br />Yours is Never Say Never Again and everything that's in it.<br /><br />And what is more you'll probably enjoy it my son!
critique2439 i was part of the cast of Space Odyssey playing FIDO in mission control. i just want to say that none of us actors specially those in mission control who had to react to a green screen most of the time had any idea how amazing it would turn out to be. i knew it was going to be good if only for the sheer camaraderie and professionalism that the production team at Impossible Pictures provided for everyone involved. but when we all saw it for the first time at the screening at the Curzon Mayfair well i for one felt very proud. I was so glad that none of us looked like we were in Star Trek. Joe Aherne the screenwriter and director is the most amazing man to work for. He pretty much gets a good team together and then just trusts them implicitly to freely do what they do best. I'm really lucky to have been part of this show. Who knew something this epic and complicated to understand would turn out to be so enticing to watch. and my god it's a beautiful universe out there.
critique2440 I first saw the film when it landed on US cable a year after it came out. It blew my little head away I was only 16 and it was the first new wave music I'd heard having been a strictly folky classical kid growing up. The music mesmerized me as did Hazel O'Connor's amazing look and charismatic vocal performances and Phil Daniels' tough but soft Cockney manager just stole my heart. But I think my favorite character was Jonathan Pryce's drugged out sax player. He was so out of place in the band and so harmless and pathetic he just begged for sympathy. Favorite scenes the performance when the lights went out and the love scene on the train.<br /><br />Okay so the movie isn't the Rose! But it was really excellent for its limited budget and for its portrayal of the Britain of the early 80's exploding with rebellious youth looking for a way out of the dole queue. I went to Britain only a couple of years later and found the movie to have been very reflective of the atmosphere I found when I was there.<br /><br />If you get a chance to see it. It is a great movie with some wonderful performances and the music will blow you away.<br /><br />
critique2441 Before I see on this film I see a lot of comments which everyone has a great view of the film good or bad...<br /><br />What I really want to point out is the acting on Woody Harrelson behalf he may not be in many parts of the film but when he appears or even the intro I was astonished by Will Smith's and Woody Harrelson "message" they tried to create and maybe slip the entire plot until the end to really understand what is going on.<br /><br />I am not a very sentimental person I believe that a good deed should not have remorse or pity behind it. But a act to show redemption there is not many films that in my point of view can show this. This is one of them that can.<br /><br />I agree with one person that commented about this film showing acts of "suicide" is a downfall however I do not believe that is the "message" the film is trying to send but "sacrifice". A bit to the extreme but that is the message in MY opinion.<br /><br />This film has potential. The acting it is worth every penny the script is unbelievable. from a person that doesn't really like watching drama films... if you like drama this is a must go watch.
critique2442 A brutally depressing script and some fine low-key performances by Peter Strauss and Pamela Reed and some good location shooting in Ohio power this fine TV movie about hard times in the rustbelt. As the mills close and the union jobs disappear the blue-collar workers are threatened by everyone: management owners their wives and children. Strauss is completely believable in his role and Pamela Reed is as always wonderful. See if you can recognize John Goodman before he put on weight.<br /><br />The heavy metal score -- was someone making a pun? -- is at times obtrusively annoying but the cinematography by Frank Stanley is knockout particularly the mill scenes.
critique2443 i strongly recommend it to anybody who likes good plots good actors (even if not well known)(often it's just better that way) science and/or science fiction presented in an intelligent way on the (small) screen good special effects even if they did not have billions of dollars to produce it... <br /><br />much better than any war in the stars...<br /><br />there was only one comment which was not necessary: talking about the comet the commentator says that LIFE was maybe brought on earth through a comet... that's fun there must be always a chance for a magic way huh?! That's what's great about LIFE can come anywhere no need of extern force
critique2444 It is very hard to rate this film. As entertainment value for 21st century viewers it fails miserably. However for the student of early sound films and history it is a jewel. "Show of Shows" was a revue filmed to compete with MGM's successful "Hollywood Revue of 1929" which still survives intact complete with its Technicolor scenes.<br /><br />The purpose of the all-star revue was to showcase a particular studio's silent stars in speaking roles and show that they could make the transition. However Warner Bros. seems to have forgotten this and employs many acts and stars that they didn't even have under long-term contract such as Ben Turpin Lloyd Hamilton Beatrice Lillie and even a marching band. Meanwhile their biggest talent - Al Jolson - is noticeably absent. Even at a high salary he could not be compelled to join in. Almost every act is overly long and the film plays like a dozen or so Vitaphone shorts strung together with no continuity. The finale is also overly long but it is really enjoyable with all of its dance numbers.<br /><br />The highlights of the film are two numbers from Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bathtub" a couple of numbers with Nick Lucas John Barrymore performing Shakespeare and the Chinese Fantasy "Li Po Li" with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last number is the only part of the film that survives in Technicolor and it really is quite attractive. Reasonably enough the players in these good acts were long-term Warner Bros. stars so perhaps the director knew how to play to their strengths since he was familiar with them.<br /><br />This film acts as a snapshot at an odd point in film history - the year 1929 which was the bridge year between two eras - the silent and sound eras and the roaring 20's and the Great Depression. Just two years later this same film would have had an entirely different cast as Warner Bros. would abandon its silent era stars and the stars they hired just to produce the early musicals in favor of those stars that gave Warner Bros. its distinctive urban look and feel - James Cagney Joan Blondell Edward G. Robinson and others.
critique2445 I saw the movie before I read the Michelle Magorian book and I enjoyed both. The movie more than the book made me come close to tears on several occasions. This film touches the deepest points of the human soul and never lets go. I encourage as many people to watch this masterpiece as much and as soon as possible. I give it ten stars.
critique2446 Before I start I should point out that I know the editor of this film. We've never met but we belong to the same fanzine(those things which came before message boards) and we have talked on the phone so I do have a bias here. Anyway...<br /><br />Somehow it's ironic how while the "Rat Pack" culture of the late 50's and early to mid-60's made a comeback in the mid-90's this movie from the son of one of the original Rat Pack and which was made in a similar fashion was a flop. Not only that it was a critical flop; I believe Peter Travers of Rolling Stone was the only one who did not savage this(he gave it a mixed review as I recall). And while I don't think this is the greatest film in the world and I am not a fan of the Rat Pack or "cocktail" culture I do think this is worth seeing.<br /><br />For one thing this looks stylish and moves right along. For another the core performances are all good. Richard Dreyfus is surprisingly restrained here as the head gangster coming back from a sanitarium and has a droll edge to him. Jeff Goldblum goes back to the quietly ironic performances he gave in his pre-blockbuster days like THE BIG CHILL. And while Ellen Barkin is only required to vamp in this movie she does it entertainingly. Admittedly it's not a great film; the dialogue is mostly made up of puns and a lot of them don't work(like the whole "Zen of Ben" speech). And Gabriel Byrne and Kyle MacLachlan are awful here. Still I was entertained and if you like gangster films you might be too.
critique2447 This is one peace of art! If you like comedy you should watch this! Here comes a funny moment from the movie: "spoiler"<br /><br />Nikolai and Goroshkov are walking together in Paris for the first time. They are visiting the local market. And Goroshkov goes: -"Look Nikolai how much food they have! Look! One-two-three-ten-thirty-fifty-hundred kinds of meat! But if ask for a tiny-tiny peace just for the taste they won't give you. French are very greedy!" Then Goroshkov takes Nikolai to a TV-shop...Goroshkov: "Tell me who needs all these televisions? Look at this monster here for example!" Goroshkov points a finger at the "monster"-TV and goes: "And this motherfu*ker...he is supposed to be digging a ditch but no he's on TV...wait a minute... that's ME! hahah!"<br /><br />Wanna laugh? Watch the movie you won't regret!
critique2448 it's movies like these that make you wish that you never picked on the nerd growing up in school. If you liked this movie then I would suggest you watch Valentine. I just found out today that the guy who played Marty(Simon) killed himself a little after the movie was released which is a shame since he did a good job. I wonder if it's because of the part he played in the movie. It starts out when Carol tricks him into going into the girls restroom to act like they were about to do it. When he was changing in the showers Carols popular friends snuck into the bathroom and got everything ready camera electric shock pole. When Marty open the curtain butt naked he realized that he was tricked. He tries to cover the shower up but the kids open it grab Marty and starts being mean to him while the camera is rolling. They picked him up dunked his head in the toliet while it was being flushed and they electricuted him(slightly). When the kids are in detention given by the coach 2 of the boys give Marty a joint that will make him throw up. Skip breaks one of the glass windows in the gym using a brick to get the teacher to excuse him. While Marty is puking in the bathroom Skip sneaks into the Science Lab and mixes some stuff that looks like cocaine but not sure what it was. The lab blows up disfiguring him badly. 5 years later the kids who tormented him that day got invitations for a 5 year school reunion at the old school which was burn that day it exploded. One by one the people get killed off. I don't understand how the girl who drowned really drowned. she could have gotten back up after Marty left. She almost got out the first time.
critique2449 There were heist movies before this one and indeed the likes of Rififi were an obvious influence on it - but The Red Circle is more than just another entry in an overpopulated genre and with this film director Jean-Pierre Melville has managed to create something that both thrills on the surface and gives its audience something to think about. Being cool is just as important a feature of the modern crime movie as guns and gangsters and Melville delivers that with this film in droves; the tone of the film is very relaxed too and Melville allows the bulk of the film to bubble under the cool exterior. The story has a number of angles but the central character is Corey - a thief who is released from prison. His release coincides with the escape of infamous murderer Vogel who slips from under the nose of Police Commissioner Mattei during a train ride. The first thing Corey does upon release is steal some money from his former boss Rico and the second thing he does is recruit Vogel and a sharpshooter to help him pull of a jewel heist. But Rico and the police are hot on the thieves' tails...<br /><br />The film is bolted together by four excellent central performances. Alain Delon is calm and calculating as the film's anti-hero while Gian Maria VolontÃƒÂ¨ looks formidable in his role as the escaped murderer. FranÃƒÂ§ois PÃƒÂ©rier is good also as a dubious club owner while the real standout performance comes from AndrÃƒÂ© Bourvil in his role as the police commissioner. The film runs at almost two and a half hours and is not exactly a thrill ride. However the director keeps things interesting by keeping the action focused on the important elements. The film does feature crime film stapes such as shootings but they are kept to a minimum. The first two thirds of the movie are really just building up to the suspenseful heist scene towards the end. Rififi was most famous for its heist sequence - an intricately designed scene in which nobody speaks a word. The heist in this film is similar in that it is also wordless and I have to say that I preferred the scene in Rififi; but Melville's skill in direction and the calm and composed way that it plays out make good of it. The film boils down to an exciting climax that rounds it all off nicely. Overall this might not appeal to all crime film fans as the action is more than a little bit slow; but The Red Circle is an excellent film and deserves its reputation as a masterpiece.
critique2450 Okay - I'll confess. This is the movie that made me love what Michael Keaton could do. He does a beautiful parody of someone doing a parody of James Cagney with charm to spare.<br /><br />The supporting cast are solid workers all and will step right up and do a fine job in this '80s comedy. A spoof of the '30s-'40s gangster movies it breaks new ground constantly with remarkably original material. (Well yeah - some of it has been copied since - but when this movie was made it was original and much of it has _not_ been copied elsewhere.) Watch Joe Piscopo warn people to not do ______ with one of the great taglines of spoofs. Watch Roman Moronie do things with English profanity that would make your spinster grammar teacher laugh. Watch amazing sight gags such as pet-store owner Johnny Kelly using the price-tag gun on his puppies and dusting his kittens. Watch the greatest "warning against sex" educational film ever made. Watch the most amazing misrepresentation of church Latin done while a guy who never took shop class assembles a Thompson machine gun from parts. Watch lines you'll be using in casual conversation for the next decade. Watch Maureen Stapleton do the perfect antithesis to the hard-working mom with surprise gags that you'll never see coming.<br /><br />If you see a gag that doesn't hit your funny bone be patient - another will come along in 30 seconds or less and the odds are you'll need to pause until you're done rolling on the floor several times. Duckies and Bunnies? Them too. Watch for the subtle stuff - some of the sight gags can go by unnoticed the first few viewings.<br /><br />There are a few minor flaws - but it's probably the best of the spoofs. Some come close but none of them are quite this good.
critique2451 A delightful little thriller opens with Trevor Howard in his Jag convertible and ends on a dockside in Liverpool. It's all thrills and spills as the ex-spy has to restart his career just as he's getting some serious R & R cataloguing butterflies (how British is that?).<br /><br />Trevor Howard and Jean Simmons frolic from London to Newcastle-upon-Tyne to Liverpool (via Ullswater) - he's just been thrown out of MI5 or something and she you guessed it is on the run wrongly accused of murder. There's seedy docks rolling Lake District hills sheep country pubs coppers getting lost waterfalls a bunch of amateur cyclists rooftop chases and lots of Chinamen (don't ask) and it's all very Hitchcocky and Hannayesque...<br /><br />..and a smashing example of British Noir...
critique2452 This was such a great film. It was done with such beautiful design such symmetry. I love the way the classical music tied in with the classical art of earth space and beyond. It was such a fluent and thought provoking masterpiece. I loved the way the monoliths never changed although primate earth and space did. I loved how it was a question of "Do you need me/us now"? The movie expressed desire peace love curiosity finesse gentleness courage and innocence. What more could you ask for from a mere movie? Perhaps a complement movie. Any appreciator of 2001: A Space Odyssey will find the movie 2010 is 2001's complement movie. 2010 is more story orientated than 2001.
critique2453 I first watched this film when I was a kid and is the only time in my life that I can remember putting my hands over my face and eyes in utter horror at one particular scene. I remembered it again with a disscusion with my uni friends and promptly bought it on video with plenty of hesitation I might add (to my surprise I only found it on the web in the States when it was made in England!) When I watched it again my reaction and to my surprise was almost the same of sheer horror and fear and never has my heart been beating so much too. This is in my opinon the SCARIEST film ever made Hollywood films seem tame in comparison and a bit Pony and Trap (crap) pardon the pun. What is amazing though is the power of this film and at uni when watching this with about twenty of my associates I have never heard so many screams blokes as well! Even the sight of the video brings the fear of God into me of that one particular scene and left me feeling that I will never walk alone again in the dark!!!!
critique2454 I was pleasantly surprised I quite liked this movie. Witty writing (some "inside" jokes I got others I didn't - maybe due to actors speaking on top of one another) great acting (notably John Cassini) great cameos interesting and unique directing. I rented it to see Jeffrey Meek (very disappointed he was in it such a short time blink and you'll miss him!) but found the movie remarkably entertaining. I'll actually watch it again before I send back to Netflix. I think actors and wanna-be actors will thoroughly enjoy this movie. The ending is somewhat expected but wish they'd done something different (and more positive). Too bad the movie wasn't better received except for in the "festival" market. I suggest it to anyone who loves the acting biz.
critique2455 Superb story of a dedicated young teacher who sets out teaching minority children in an area off South Carolina.<br /><br />Jon Voight is just tremendous as the headstrong dedicated idealistic teacher who faces this challenge despite a principal who believes in stern discipline and has little regard for modern educational techniques as well as a crusty old school superintendent played with relish by the late Hume Cronyn. Madge Sinclair is the principal who loves her babies.<br /><br />As I'm a retired teacher I could in some ways relate to this excellent film. The ignorance shown here as well as the lack of cooperation with officials is also quite apparent in urban areas.<br /><br />Voight realizes that these children need far more than the traditional teachings of a classroom. He has them go out and experience life by themselves by learning outdoors.<br /><br />The end is a definite downer but so true to life.<br /><br />Amazing that such backward students had a zest for learning and were well disciplined. I guess that answers my question. The behavior was there and they were motivated to succeed despite their environment.<br /><br />The ending will just tug at your heart. It was memorable and so well poignant.
critique2456 This is quite an entertaining B-flick in the Universal Horror series featuring Dracula the Wolfman and Frankenstein's Monster. The plot revolves around Dracula (John Carradine) and Larry Talbot the wolfman (Lon Chaney Jr.) separately visiting a revolutionary doctor. They both ask him if they can be cured and the doctor attempts to devise a way for each. Beneath the doctor's castle they find Frankenstein's Monster buried in mud (this is apparently a reference to the previous movie in the Frankenstein series). <br /><br />Of course if things had went as planned the movie would have turned out incredibly boring. Instead Dracula can't suppress his appetite and the doctor is eventually infected by a blood transfusion with vampirism. As a semi-vampire the doctor goes insane and awakens Frankenstein's Monster. As with all of the Universal Horror series the ending is completely unsatisfactory. A beautiful woman with a hunchback one of the doctor's two assistants has a particularly gruesome end. Plus you just have to feel sorry for Frankenstein's Monster in this film - he's awake for around two minutes kills one police officer and then yet another building (what's this the fifth now?) collapses on top of him and is consumed by flames. It is also unfortunate that the great character created in The Wolf Man (1941) Larry Talbot is really reduced here. People underrate that film and Chaney's performance in it. Here he would be justifiably criticized as wooden. All in all though it's a pretty fun movie at just 68 minutes. A nice waste of time. 7/10.
critique2457 This one of the best and funniest comedy series i have ever seen! All characters are brilliant.<br /><br />Mr. Slatt (David Bamber) is a very very irritated man irritated by everything and anyone.<br /><br />He wants to do things and handle situations as best as he possibly can but he never gets it right and only gets himself deeper and deeper in trouble. Not supported by his wife Janet who only tries to get him deeper and deeper into the trouble he is getting himself into (and really does not need the help at all!).<br /><br />All characters are played/portrayed brilliantly. Just imagine sending your kid(s) to a school like this.<br /><br />It is unbelievable that people do not like it (maybe some don not get the many many plays on words that are featured many times per episode).<br /><br />It is also unbelievable that there is still no DVD release of it. There are only 2 series!<br /><br />So please release it let it go! So the fans can and will enjoy it!<br /><br />Try it you might just like it!!!<br /><br />Just some names & words from the series: Pumpman Man Helmet Hot Bitch Mount Suzy Travis Fellatio Cockfoster Arshead (and many many more).
critique2458 I believe a lot of people down rated the movie NOT because of the lack of quality. But it did not follow the standard Hollywood formula. Some of the conflicts are not resolved. The ending is just a little too real for others but the journey the rich characters and long list of supporters provide is both thought provoking and very entertaining. Even the cinematography is excellent given the urban setting the directing also is excellent and innovative.<br /><br />This is a 10 in my book this movie will take you places the normal and expected Hollywood script will not. They took some risks and did a few things different. I think it worked well I am purposely trying to avoid any direct references to the movie because seeing it for yourself is the best answer not accepting someone else's interpretation.
critique2459 Conrad Phillips stars in the 1950s action adventure series - William Tell. Set in the fourteenth century during the hostile Austrian occupation of Switzerland William Tell is a reluctant freedom fighter battling heroically against the tyranny and oppression of the invading forces. William tell is the Swiss version of Robin Hood. Conrad Phillips plays the protagonist fantastically. It is possible that Pascal Bugnion would have had greater success in the role but he was unavailable at the time of filming. The classic action show is made up of series of 39. The episodes are in black and white but this does not detract from the entertainment in any way.
critique2460 This 1955 Producers' Showcase version of the musical Peter Pan with Mary Martin has the benefit of showcasing most of the original Broadway cast including Kathleen Nolan as Wendy who was more natural an actress than the girl they hired for the 1960 color televised play. It's a shame that most people won't sit through anything black and white anymore because in many respects this earlier production - which doesn't even show up in the IMDb listings when you put "Peter Pan" into the search engine! - is superior to the cutesier color version most people have watched. I obtained the original on disc and then did work on it to make it look and sound better digitally. Now when I put the 1960 color version on it looks garish in comparison. I suspect Mary Martin herself no doubt preferred this original 1955 b/w Producers' Showcase televised version.<br /><br />As an added plus the disc I got also showed the original commercials and opening promo. How far away the 1950's seem now - such an innocent time compared to today. I miss it.
critique2461 A bus drops off a nameless man outside a run-down Standard Oil gas station in the middle of nowhere. We never learn where the bus came from or why he is on it or who he even is. Why is he the only passenger? Is he a prisoner? Is he the "bothersome man" referred to in the title of the movie? Has he died and gone to heaven or hell? Like our man we don't get a chance to stop and wonder. He is met by a gatekeeper of sorts and shuttled off to a nondescript city. From day one all the choices are made for him. An apartment has been rented a job has been found an office assigned. In fact his life is not entirely unlike life in the virtual reality of corporate cubicles and suburban condos. Women are heartless dinner parties are a drag office jobs suck. But some pieces don't fit the puzzle. Silently efficient gray-clad goons roam the streets. Are they some sort of paramedics or the secret police? And why are there no children? Is the story even set in the real world? Whenever we think we might be getting some answers new mysteries unfold. "The Bothersome Man" leaves you half relieved that it's over half wanting more. I hope they make it into a computer game soon.
critique2462 Well how can I categorise Farscape without resorting to gushing superlatives? Ok here goes! The scripts are fantastic with each episode offering so much entertainment drama humour and sheer watchability. The casting is perfect especially that of Zhaan (the blue lady) played by Virginia Hey each character has a depth that just isn't there on the Star Trek series.<br /><br />I think having an Australian spin on the show makes this for me Australia has been knocking out quality films for years and Farscape is no exception.<br /><br />I have only seen the first four episodes in UK order and they have a quality that makes each 45 minute show (in the UK) stand out more like a film than a weekly TV series.<br /><br />The episode that really does it for me is 'I ET' which turns the alien concept around where Moya (a living ship even the spacecraft has a great character) is forced to land on a planet that has yet to make 'First contact' and is surprisingly earth like and Crichton meets a radio telescope operator and *he* is the 'little green man' to them. Gripping stuff.<br /><br />In short the effects are great the scripts are top quality and the main characters (not one of them really given any more importance than any other) are interesting not always 'good' and well just excellent.<br /><br />Roll on the second season!
critique2463 Great softcore sex revealing and sexy and plenty of it. Ignore the ignoramus who doesn't realize that raunchy IS sexy if done the right way. If you "erotic" go watch that Red Shoes Diary junk. If you want hot and exciting softcore done properly this is the movie to watch. If you like the more explicit Skinemax films you'll like this one. Great softcore sex revealing and sexy and plenty of it. Ignore the ignoramus who doesn't realize that raunchy IS sexy if done the right way. If you "erotic" go watch that Red Shoes Diary junk. If you want hot and exciting softcore done properly this is the movie to watch. If you like the more explicit Skinemax films you'll like this one.
critique2464 There are many familiar Hitchcock elements (of previous and later films) and this time they mix to a jolly but hardly suspenseful piece of entertainment. You can tell that Dorothy Parker had a hand in the script the most memorable scenes are the dialogues of hero Cummings with the blind man and his encounter with a rather bizarre group of circus people. The famous climax on the Statue of Liberty seems a bit heavy-handed - judged by todayÃ‚Â´s standards but also compared to other Hitch monument finals (e.g. Blackmail North by Northwest).
critique2465 I saw this movie once as a kid on the late-late show and fell in love with it.<br /><br />It took 30+ years but I recently did find it on DVD - it wasn't cheap either - in a catalog that specialized in war movies. We watched it last night for the first time. The audio was good however it was grainy and had the trailers between reels. Even so it was better than I remembered it. I was also impressed at how true it was to the play.<br /><br />The catalog is around here someplace. If you're sincere in finding it fire me a missive and I'll see if I can get you the info. cartwrightbride@yahoo.com
critique2466 This was a excellent back when it came out. It had some the best talent available and a funny story. Between Candace Cameron and Tatyana Ali it was hard to choose who is cuter and add in Carlton from Fresh Prince and all the other big names and you get a blockbuster. Ok a made for TV blockbuster but none the less. If you can find this move don't miss it.<br /><br />
critique2467 When an actor has to play the role of an actor fictional or factual the task becomes much more difficult than playing a role. In A Double LifeRonald Coleman surpassed himself as Anthony John the tortured double personality. He put into that character all his talent and sincerity. The facial expressions mannerismsgait and stance spoke eloquently of what Anthony John was going through while playing Othello on stage. Coleman also did extremely well as a Shakespearean actor in those short scenes as Othello that were part of this gem of a movie. Closups of Coleman's face as Othello tortured by doubts about the fidelity of Desdemona were in themselves scenes worth watching.Add to that his character's off stage desperation and only someone with Coleman's depth of acting perception can achieve. It was like watching Spenser Tracy as Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde except this double role was much more profound and poignant. Shelly Winters looked so sweet vulnerable and gorgeous at the same time and added her talent to the movie. It is believed that Ronald Coleman liked his role in this film above all others he played and went on to win the Oscar for Best Actor in 1947. I would see this movie repeatedly and never feel bored.
critique2468 Well this movie was probobly one of the funniest scary movie i have ever seen. The effects are so bad you just have to laugh and the acting well lets say its no mel gibson. But Gary Browning who plays an police officer is so damn bad he becomes good. I dont know how but he him self makes this movie a 10. You must see it if your in to horror/slash movies cause its bloody and funny at the same time. Killer movie.
critique2469 I wasn't surprised to read a comment by the director to the effect that she made this film as an antidote to all those "making of" DVD featurettes as that certainly struck me. I do confess that I have a penchant for "meta" but I found this film to be very accessible and entertaining and not even in a labored self-consciously clever way which is certainly a bit of what you expect in a film about film-making. It is very "French" in that there are a great deal of outlandish yet occasionally compelling theories about how film-making (and even sexuality) "works" but since the director doesn't quite play herself (using an avatar instead) we're left with a lot of choices (since I'm pretty sure she's constantly contradicting herself). Apparently Catherine Breillat specializes in hard-to-watch films but I'd definitely say this one doesn't qualify. I really enjoyed the dialog the balance between the cinematic and the natural the relationships between the director character and her assistant and actor and so on. Highly recommended.
critique2470 I enjoyed this movie extremely. It was the last great Mario Van Peebles movie I know of. It had a hip-hop old west flavor to it. Big Daddy Kane and Tone Loc had major parts. It shouldn't have won any Oscars but it was enjoyable all the same.
critique2471 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique2472 Great adaptation of the Christie novel. Surprising attention to authentic period details for the time (Many films of the mid-1970s-early 80s that try to do 1920s-early 30s look far too mid-70s-early 80s for my liking so expected the worst here and was gladly proved wrong)The costumes and sets are very well done. I liked this production very much Ã‚Â– largely due to the adorable Francesca Annis' portrayal of a carefree bright young Lady "Frankie" and James Warwick's charming Bobbie. The pair would go on to portray Christie's Tommy & Tuppence which is funny as some contemporary book critics compared Frankie and Bobby to her earlier characters of Tommy & Tuppence. The supporting characters were equally well done Ã‚Â– the over the top Mrs. Rivington (acted by Miss Marple-to-be Joan H.) and "Badger" is played perfectly as the post WWI "Bertie Wooster type."
critique2473 This is an incredible movie that begins slowly. It leads you along in thinking of it as a typical maudlin family drama. Then in the second half there is a plot twist that utterly transforms this into a profound tale of global scope.<br /><br />If you are unaccustomed to films from India with song and dance routines seemingly grafted on for no reason stick with this movie. Especially beginning with the second half you will find this movie an amazing experience.<br /><br />*********** Minor Spoiler Here ************* I have but one complaint with the movie. The dialog at the end (between Amudha and MDS) seemed very weak and missed the opportunity to bring in the war as a force that transforms people's lives. It was implied all along but there should have been something about the importance of the struggle for MDS.
critique2474 I saw the trailer and read some reviews and I had low expectations for this movie. I was pleasantly surprised. While the plot is a little off-beat everybody in the making of this movie pulled off a pleasant flick good for many a laugh. The writing and jokes are far more literate than I have come to expect. Better yet they are delivered with aplomb by unknown actors doing a good job all of them.<br /><br />The main reasons I wanted to see this movie were Justin Long and Lewis Black. Long is from "Ed" and the new Apple computer ads. He was just coming into his own as an actor in "Ed" and he was excellent here. He's a natural in front of the camera. Lewis Black is a social commentator who pulls no punches. He's on "The Daily Show" on Comedy Central about once every two weeks but he really shines in HBO's "Red White and Screwed." I regularly catch him on XM Radio's uncensored comedy channel. Give Black an idea and let him improvise. Whether his rants and lines here are scripted or improvised are no matter. He's priceless delivering his thoughts on middle class angst. One thing about Black's delivery his hand gestures are not those of a comedian. It just seems like he's having a conversation with you and I think that makes him unconsciously more effective.
critique2475 Excellent film. I cried when she cried I loved when they loved  I was frustrated when they were. This film touched my heart. It was a reality check for me since this is reality for me a 19 year old soldier
critique2476 Low-budget but memorable would-be shocker that instead emerges as theater of the bizarre. Vulnerable naive nurse Charlotte Beale comes to a secluded mental hospital and is completely unaware that the only sane people have been murdered despite the red flags that are constantly being raised all around her. <br /><br />The lack of a decent budget really gives the filmmakers little more to go on than a sense of style as well as a cast of wacky characters. The pleasures of this film don't come from the film's shocks which are fairly tame but from the weird atmosphere. First we have the delusional woman who thinks her baby doll is real. There's also an axe-murdering judge a shell-shocked war veteran and old Mrs. Callahan is like everybody's daffy elderly grandmother gone amok. A young patient named Allyson gives the term "nymphomaniac" new meaning. A big guy named Sam is just a little slow after a botched lobotomy and Jennifer vaults suddenly between catatonia and violent outbursts. The only other sentient person in the place seems to be Dr. Masters but does she have a secret?<br /><br />"Don't Look in the Basement" is a great example of low-budget exploitation films. There isn't much plot going on but the cheapness works for the movie. Several cast members turn in memorable performances particularly Betty Chandler and Annabelle Weenick and the way the director adds little weird details to the movie can really stick with you.<br /><br />The scene between Allyson and "the telephone man" is a classic for all time and especially delicious are the facial expressions of Dr. Masters when she begins to go over the edge near the finale of the movie. Brownrigg also makes great use of the cheap soundtrack with several musical cues really evoking the characters that they accompany. My favorite cue is the "crazy" cue a sitar that twangs whenever one of the patients does something pathological.<br /><br />Also wonderful is the way that Charlotte herself plunges into hysteria at the climax with the patients revealing that Dr. Masters is simply another inmate and then suggesting that CHARLOTTE is also a patient who is being allowed to act out her delusions (she certainly has a tenuous grip on reality why else would she not question the ominous lack of phone service or outside contact?). The scene where Charlotte manages to finish off the barely-alive Dr. Stephens with a toy boat has to be one of the greatest moments in low-budget horror. Yes "Don't Look in the Basement" could very well be the "American Beauty" of Grade Z trash.
critique2477 I never heard of Mishima before I watched this film and although parts of it are a little tedious I still find myself drawn to watch it when it is repeated on the box. At the beginning of the film we are told about a celebrated Japanese writer behaves like a lunatic and commits seppuku in public. As the film progresses you are gently inducted into twisted logic of Mishima's mind. The stages of his life are are presented in four chapters. Each chapter itself is a blend of two contrasting narratives the first continues the story with scenes from Mishima's life and appear in black and white. The second narrative is an adaptation of scenes from a novel and these are staged like a play and filmed in vivid colours. There is a different novel staged in each chapter. Between each chapter the narrative returns to the present as Mishima proceeds towards his eventual ritual suicide. This means that the drama and tension is maintained until the end.<br /><br />I suspect that many people will find this film to be boring pretentious and art-house. I respect that this is not a film for people who want action and a strong story line. If on the other hand you are the kind of person who relishes the opportunity to penetrate the mind a bizarre man while watching his life story told in collage of beautiful pictures set to music by Philip Glass you will love it. I loved it.<br /><br />
critique2478 When the Romulans come they will not be bearing gifts; no they bring with them war - war and conquest. As any familiar with this episode know it is a redux of the war film "The Enemy Below" from the fifties. The obvious difference is that instead of a battleship and a submarine (or an American Destroyer & German U-boat) engaged in lethal war games it is two starships in outer space. In Trek history about 100 years before the events here according to this episode Earth fought the Romulan Wars. After about 5 years of conflict a stalemate brought about a treaty and the institution of the Neutral Zone a boundary between us and the Romulan Empire. Now on this stardate the treaty appears to be broken as our outposts are being attacked and destroyed by some weapon of immense power. Yes the Romulans are back testing their new war toy and Kirk must now earn his pay: he must make decisions that would affect this sector of the galaxy such as figuring out how to avoid a...oh I dunno - an interstellar war maybe? <br /><br />I think what makes this episode so effective is that it doesn't shy away from the grim aspects of war as one would expect of a mere TV episode from the sixties - especially an episode from a science fiction show. It's all very tense and gripping like the best war films such as when Kirk sits down with his key officers for what amounts to a war council. The writers and the actors aren't kidding around here: this is all preparation for a ghastly conflict potentially the beginning of another years-long battleground. In the final analysis Kirk's aim is to keep this battleground to just the two ships - but even then it's an endeavor fraught with peril and probable casualties. In fact I believe this episode holds the record for ship casualties by the end of it. Right at the start of the episode we see the devastation such battle can produce in that supposedly well-protected outpost. Then begin the cat-and-mouse war games between the Enterprise and the Romulan ship - it's as exciting as any conflict we've seen on the big screen. Of course if you're not into war films you'd have to look for other things to admire in this episode.<br /><br />What elevates this episode even further is the revelation of just what and who the Romulans are - it's an electric shock of a sort. Now we have even further inter-crew conflict on the bridge of the Enterprise - war does tend to bring out the worst in some people. Due to still nasty attitudes about race in this future the tension is ratcheted up even further - Kirk has his hands full in this one. I suppose the one weakness in the story is the convenient relenting of the bigotry issue by the conclusion. On the Romulan side actor Lenard makes his first appearance in the Trek universe as the Romulan commander; he's terrific in the role the flip side of Capt. Kirk or Capt. Pike take your pick done up to resemble Spock more than a little. Surprisingly his character is not war hungry as we would expect another eye-opener for this episode. The actor would next return to this universe as Sarek Spock's father so he's nothing if not versatile. It's also telling how the first appearance of such characters as the Romulans is usually their best shot as it is here. They showed up in "The Enterprise Incident" next.
critique2479 I have loved this movie since I saw it in the theater in 1991. I was 12 then and Wil Wheaton was my favorite actor and adolescent crush. I am now 23 and I still love this movie. The best part about it is whoever I am dating loves it too because it is a total macho-guy movie! It is wrought with enough action and mayhem to keep men with the shortest attention spans glued to the screen. I only wish that it was available on DVD!
critique2480 Warning: If the Coen Brothers or David Lynch define your taste in film disregard this review and move on.<br /><br />Yes I borrowed the "one line summary" from the book about President Ronald Reagan but among other virtues this movie emphasizes the role that character plays in the lives of honorable human beings. This film is full of honest decent people and they have integrity to spare. In a word they have "character."<br /><br />A small nitpick: Unless you know the history of WW II you probably don't know that from Captain Correlli's arrival on the island to the fall of Mussolini 3 and one-half years have passed. The average viewer might think the romance was of the "whirlwind" variety. That is not so. The romance develops slowly which gives it both dignity and meaning. The film's deliberate pace may be the director's way of marking time.<br /><br />Some reviews have criticized Cage's Italian accent. The Italian-speaking members of my family assure me that his accent is quite good. <br /><br />The history was right on the mark. Yes the Germans turned against their Italian allies who for the most part were reluctant allies from the start. If you find that shocking keep in mind that the French Mediterranean fleet was blown up by the British in 1940 just after France's capitulation lest it fall in the hands of the Vichy government or worse the Nazis.<br /><br />The depiction of the Italians as educated and cultured was a compliment to an educated and cultured civilization.<br /><br />This film was beautifully photographed and its story was lyrical. The script was not thought-provoking nor was it clever but here was a situation where confusion and cleverness were not needed nor would they have been appropriate. <br /><br />The story is tender and the message is uplifting. The characters are honest brave earnest sympathetic and likeable. It's a nice little film. 8/10.<br /><br /> <br /><br />
critique2481 I would reccomend this film to everyone. Not only to the fans of the rocker Luciano Ligabue but to all film-buffs. Because it's sincere moving funny and true. Because Ligabue is a born storyteller and a film lover and every frame of his film is made with love and care. Because his characters are loved and ask to be loved. Because most of the Italian debut films are lousy and this one done by an outsider is a real joy to watch and to listen at. Because Stefano Accorsi is gorgeous and reminds me of Andrea Pazienza who was like Freccia beautiful and talented and good and lost his life because of the heroin that Ligabue shows as it is unglamorous and ugly without indulging in easy moralisms. Because it's a film that speaks to our heart our ears our souls. And because I lived the experience of the FM radios and it was exactly like that. Thanks Luciano!
critique2482 I saw Marigold at a preview showing a few days ago and found it to be a thoroughly engrossing and enjoyable film. The film is about a not-so-successful American actress who goes to India to act in a low budget film only to find herself stranded there when she finds on arrival that the film's financing has vanished along with the producers and investors. A chance encounter with an Indian film shooting nearby leads her to be hired for a small dancer role in that. Since Indian films incorporate a significant amount of singing and dancing this is a problem for Marigold who has two left feet not to mention a personality so tightly wound-up and thorny that she can hardly hear the music let alone feel it as Prem the choreographer of the film advices her to do.<br /><br />But "prem" -- the word not the person -- means "love" and Prem -- the person not the word -- seems to embody that emotion in the way he deals with all around him whether it be his production assistant friends who introduced Marigold to the shoot the narcissistic and arrogant leads of the film or the bitchy and uptight Marigold herself. Soon under his expert tutelage and endearing treatment Marigold finds her feet -- literally and figuratively.<br /><br />I must say a word for those not familiar with the use of song and dance in Indian films. Unlike American musicals the story progresses through these dance numbers as plot developments unfold and character transformations occur in parallel with the dancing. It should also be pointed out that Indian dance is about a lot more than mere movement. An essential part of it is the enactment of the dancer's feelings and emotions while telling the story of the dance. This is the main purpose of the dance and the dancer.<br /><br />That Marigold reaches this stage of accomplishment is demonstrated in a stunning dance number about midway through when Marigold while performing the dance she is required to do for the film-within-the-film also expresses her love for Prem. It is an amazing performance by Ali Larter especially when one considers that she is not used to dancing in her films or emoting her character's feelings via dance. It shows her skill as an actress as well as how much hard work she has put into the role.<br /><br />Of course no romantic film can work without a credible Prince Charming. Salman Khan who plays the role of Prem fits the role to a T. Even when it turns out that he is a Prince not so charming he does not lose the audience's sympathy. Salman has been ruling Hindi cinema (sometimes called Bollywood) for many years now and it is worth remembering that his first leading role was also as Prem. He is completely charming sweet adorable sexy and vulnerable. For those who have never encountered him on screen before be prepared to be hit with mega doses of sheer magnetism! He and Ali Larter make a lovely pair and are as well matched in their acting as in their appearance.<br /><br />Will they manage to work out their problems? It doesn't seem possible as we hear the last song of the film a lovely blending of fact and fantasy reality and metaphor. The ending certainly took some of the audience I saw it with by surprise but they were left satisfied. The songs are used very cleverly. They are in Hindi unsubtitled for the film-within-the-film sequences and in English for other occasions. But their meaning is always clear from the context and choreography.<br /><br />Marigold is a very satisfying romantic comedy -- yes there is quite a bit of humor as well in it. The Indian locations and costumes give it a fairy tale quality befitting a story which can be likened to a modern fairy tale.<br /><br />If you are or have been curious about Indian cinema but were hesitant to try it this is an excellent introduction. It captures the color and vibrancy of Indian films not only in the costumes and jewelry (which are quite impressive) but also in the lively dances and world sound music.<br /><br />If you are a fan of Ali Larter you should watch it for her excellent acting in portraying a selfish demanding "high-maintanance" woman who nevertheless has an inner attraction that inspires the love of two men. If you are a girl you will enjoy admiring Ali's lovely costumes and ogling her hunk of a leading man. If you are a guy you can not only admire Ali in her sexy costumes but learn from Salman Khan what it takes to bring out the loving heart even from someone as edgy as Marigold.
critique2483 Exciting action-packed and interesting film telling the tale of a group of men stationed at a naval base in Italy and their adventures aboard a Navy submarine during WWI. Tommy and Brick (played by Robert Montgomery and Robert Young) are two pals and make for a couple of very handsome officers I must say. A new Captain arrives on-board already known by a few as "Dead Pan" Toler (Walter Huston) and he's a real stickler for following the rule book and a "code of honor". Soon Tommy and Brick are chasing after an attractive blonde at an officer's dance Tommy insults the Captain - and of course the blonde is actually the Captain's daughter. But Tommy wins out anyway as he and the daughter sneak away from the dance to a street carnival outside and soon bond during an air raid - unfortunately for him she reveals she is married. Later Tommy gets himself into some real trouble when he disobeys orders in an effort save his buddy.<br /><br />This film is quite entertaining with an absorbing plot line that held my interest and top-notch performances by all. A climactic death scene featuring Sterling Holloway is haunting indeed - the most memorable scene in this film I thought. Eugene Palette and Jimmy Durante add some humor here playing a couple of goofballs - Durante's character is actually studying to be a dentist via mail-order and continually has onshore run-ins with a British man who makes fun of his nose. Okay - if you're looking for a movie showing a man boxing a kangaroo this would be the one.
critique2484 To begin with I loved gÃƒÂ¶ta kanal 1 it had a lot of classic jokes including that unlucky guy in the canoe who always seems to be at the wrong place at the wrong time he is still acting the same guy in the gÃƒÂ¶ta kanal 2 movie but in my opinion hes performance is not as funny as it was in the first movie in fact you don't notice him much at all. A thing that made me think bad about this movie is the choice of boats in this movie there are only race boats they sure is speedy but those do not make waves like the big floating mansions used in the first movie I liked the old ones better and these new boats makes one of the last scenes look ridiculous when the man in the canoe suddenly jumps out of it to evade the "big waves" from those small speedy boats. Truly a minus. You have to accept that we're not living in the same Sweden as in 1974 anymore. This movie also contains a bit more violence than the first one. Although the movie was great all in all. I've just concentrated on some cons that i was disappointed in but the rest of the movie were up to my expectations so go see it! It's worth the money.
critique2485 In print this is one of the greatest short stories ever written brought brilliantly and poetically to the screen by this father-son team working together sadly for the first and last time.It is fitting that John Huston should end his career on a high note by bringing the work of one of his favorite author's to the screen in what is easily the best Joyce screen adaptation. Huston made a career of adapting great works of literature to film usually quite successfully. It is sad and somewhat puzzling that Tony Huston pretty much began and ended his career in film by adapting what would be his father's final project and picking up a well-deserved Oscar nomination in the process.<br /><br />I once had the privilege of sitting in the company of the great screenwriter/playwright Horton Foote who cited this film as one of his favorites in recent years (at the time it was still a fairly recent release). As a rather prolific screenwriter himself (and a brilliant screen adapter of his own works as well as great authors such as Faulkner Steinbeck and Harper Lee) he was obviously impressed with Tony Huston's first time effort and possibly equally puzzled by his lack of output since then. If anyone has insights to share on the topic I'd be interested to hear more.
critique2486 Not too bad entry in the series heavily ladled with war propaganda but Rathbone & Bruce's sincerity keep me happy.<br /><br />It's a rather fantastic story from start to finish just how many McGuffin's are there? Holmes (and Moriarty independently) reeling out the Dancing Men code uncoded so fast was Amazing Watson - so why weren't you amazed! The post explaining the bomb-sight/enlarger tickled me it was just the kind of cheap trick Universal would play - once again reminding me that they didn't expect people to be critically watching this over 60 years later. This (and I think every other potboiler from Universal at this period) were meant to be viewed the once or twice and forgotten. They perhaps should have realised that basically people don't change that what was entertaining to ordinary people in 1942 would still entertain a select group now (2005) and tightened up on the script and sets!<br /><br />Lionel Atwill was going through his Hollywood rape court case at about this time I wonder if it was that or particularly effective make-up that made him look so haggard as Moriarty?<br /><br />The important thing about SW though is that this was the first Holmes film Roy William Neill directed I think he directed all of the rest and produced all but one thus establishing a marvellous ambient continuity.
critique2487 I thought that Baseketball was one of the most funniest films i have ever seen! It's witty humour made me giggle all the way through and the fact that Trey and Matt are so over the top boosts the film's comedy. <br /><br />I have just bought Baseketball on DVD and its just one of those movies where you would never get tired of watching it. I have a very short attention span and i think this film has so any funny bits that it keeps me entertained throughout. The humorous quotes are memorable and can make me laugh for hours if i remember them later..<br /><br />So overall i think that Baseketball is brilliant movie which everyone should go see especially if you're younger like me as it will keep you laughing for a long time afterwards. <br /><br />P.s Does anybody think its weird for me to like them both? hehe
critique2488 Despite the lack of logic present in the storyline Kill Shot is a highly enjoyable film. Through a moving performance Kasper Van Dien brilliantly portrays the emotional rift between a hard working wealthy father and his misguided son. Each member of the supporting cast pitches in with a solid performance highlighted by the vivid acting of a young asian man whose name I cannot recall. A shockingly tragic ending may unnerve some younger viewers but as a whole Kill Shot truly delivers a death blow.
critique2489 Paris je t'aime (2006) is a film made up of 18 segments. You can do the math--18 segments in 120 minutes means each director had seven minutes to tell her or his story. The movie is based on the premise that you can indeed tell a story in that short amount of time. The premise works. Almost all of the segments are powerful complete and satisfying. Each presents a different aspect of the Parisian experience and almost every director draws forth outstanding performances from a cast of great and near-great actors.<br /><br />There were so many powerful portrayals in this film that it's hard to pick one or two favorites. Probably the most memorable to me were Juliette Binoche as a grieving mother in the segment "Place des Victoires" Gena Rowlands as an aging beauty in "Quartier Latin" Catalina Sandino Moreno as a maid in the segment "Loin du 16ÃƒÂ¨me" and Margo Martindale as a Colorado mail carrier who has learned to speak French so she can visit Paris ("14ÃƒÂ¨me Arrondissement" segment). <br /><br />Special mention must be given to Gulliver Hecq probably the meanest little boy to ever harass an American tourist in a Parisian Metro Station (segment "Tuileries").<br /><br />This is an outstanding movie. My wife and I decided to rent it in a few months so we can catch some of the subtle points we surely missed. However Paris is photographed so beautifully that I would suggest that you try to see it on a large screen. In any case don't miss it!
critique2490 DANIEL DAY-LEWIS does a remarkable job of playing Christy Brown the artist who grew up with cerebral palsy but managed to have a productive life dealing successfully with his handicap and becoming a respected artist and writer.<br /><br />The film however is a very difficult one to review--or even watch. Fortunately I had the caption feature on to catch every spoken word which would have been impossible if I saw the film in a theater. While I respect it as a brave piece of work dealing with difficult subject matter I can't say it's the sort of film I'd want to view more than once.<br /><br />Nevertheless my attention was held by the story-telling device a flashback framed by the present in which we see Christy being honored for his achievements before we see the flashback to his youth and his struggles to communicate with those around him who certainly gave him loving care.<br /><br />DANIEL DAY-LEWIS certainly is remarkable as the troubled man who falls in love with a therapist (FIONA SHAW) much to his mother's fear that when the love is not reciprocated his heart will be broken. There's a painfully long scene in a restaurant where he confesses his love to her before others and then goes into a frenzied rage after drinking too much.<br /><br />BRENDA FRICKER does a brilliant job as the mother taking care of him his father and a brood of siblings while struggling to keep a roof over their heads until Day-Lewis begins to have success with his work. She complements Day-Lewis' performance as the warm-hearted mother and shares many poignant moments with him.<br /><br />Richly detailed story of a family that stayed together under the most unusual of circumstances with attention to period detail in every frame of the film. Both Fricker and Day-Lewis won Oscars but HUGH O'CONOR and RAY McANALLY are also excellent. O'Conor is Christy as a boy and McAnally is the father who spends too much time at the local pub but loves the boy.<br /><br />Summing up: Elmer Bernstein's music is an added plus factor. Well worthwhile but definitely not a film for everyone.
critique2491 We see a man move from city to "out-back" and change dramatically - his family asks questions but he goes mad.<br /><br />Strange brilliant film for screening here in Israel. Wonderful locations great actors a film which masquerades as a "thriller" but which is more a case-study of madness in the lead man.<br /><br />The film was way above the other films screened as part of the AICE festival here in Israel. Best of luck to the team who arrived at this film. It's a Grand Guignol a little masterpiece of noir.<br /><br />My only criticism which prevents a "10" is that the sound and the music is overpowering at times. It tends to get in the way of the images which speak for themselves.
critique2492 This movie is basically a documentary of the chronologically ordered series of events that took place from April 10 2002 through April 14 2002 in the Venezuelan Presidential Palace Caracas Venezuela.<br /><br />The pathos of the movie is real and one feels the pain sorrow and joy of the people who lived through this failed coup d'etat of President Hugo Chavez.<br /><br />One comes away from viewing this film that Hugo Chavez is truly a great historical figure. Hugo Chavez's persona single-handedly brought the Venezuelan people to overthrow the 3-day old military-installed junta and re-establish the democratically installed government of Venezuela.<br /><br />It is obvious from the film footage that George W Bush aided and abetted the Venezuelan coup d'etat. That the mainstream media aided and abetted George W Bush is not surprising.<br /><br />What is surprising is how few people has seen this movie and how few people realize the total corruption of America's mass media.<br /><br />It has taken only 20 years for Ronald Reagan elimination of the Fairness Doctrine in 1986 to turn America into blind and rudderless state.<br /><br />May Hugo Chavez open patriotic Americans' eyes to the truth and beauty of the true American vision.
critique2493 I just viewed MURDER AT THE VANITIES in the newly-released Universal Pre-Code set and I was amazed at how much I enjoyed the vehicle end to end. Most of the other commentators have covered the story a murder mystery within a musical but I wanted to add a few additional notes. Brisson and Carlisle are relatively bland compared to even most of the minor players and neither one really seems to have the proper voice for what they're singing (Carlisle being a trained opera singer Brisson a bit wobbly on some of his high and low notes). The great Victor McLaglen and Jack Oakie play well off each other with an excellent sense of timing that keeps the ball rolling between musical numbers. Yes Lucille Ball and Ann Sheridan are Vanities girls but let's not forget the splendid jazz singer Ernestine Anderson in the "Ebony Rhapsody" number. Gail Patrick makes one of her early appearances sounding a bit like Eve Arden; Patrick would go on to become the executive producer of the Perry Mason TV series. Then there's Jessie Ralph as the wardrobe mistress--you'll spot her also in David COPPERFIELD (as Aunt Peggoty) and THE BANK DICK. The music is very good--Brisson introducing the standard "Cocktails for Two" in two different scenes; "Sweet Marihuana" with barely clad peyote button girls in the background (blood dripping on one chorine's white skin was wonderfully chilling); the "Ebony Rhapsody" with Duke Ellington's Orchestra and a bevy of beautiful dancers both black and white mixing it up. And I believe this is one of the only early musicals to feature such a mix--and the costumes leave nothing to the imagination.
critique2494 With "Batman Returns" Tim Burton succumbed to an important priority in American cinema: giving a sequel to a blockbuster. Three years after the most successful movie of the year "Batman" (1989) here comes the hero of Gotham City again for the pleasure of many spectators. Like its predecessor "Batman Returns" enjoyed an enormous commercial success. Tim Burton made Batman come back once again because it is to believe that the victory of the latter on his enemy the Joker did little to improve the image of Gotham City. Indeed violence and corruption still exist and here the second word is epitomized by Max Shreck (Christopher Walken) and the penguin (Danny De Vito). These two crooks who are eager to take control of Gotham City are going to make life difficult for Batman. His task will be more difficult with the apparition of Catwoman... <br /><br />Tim Burton still delivered much work on the scenery and it seems that he tried to correct the faults of the first movie. It means that the director gave way to fight sequences which are better mastered than in the first Batman. But he didn't neglect the psychology of his main characters for all that. If in the movie of 1989 Burton had focused on Bruce Wayne/Batman's psychology here it's the penguin that obviously interested him. The director attempted to make of him very well acted by De Vito an ambiguous character. On one hand he's full of bad intentions (previously quoted) but on the other hand he's searching for his past and would like to be considered as a real man.<br /><br />"Batman Returns" also appears as crazier than its predecessor especially with the cast. I think of MichÃƒÂ¨le Pfeiffer who offers a daring and powerful performance as Catwoman. Besides at the time when I'm writing this review it makes me remember that a new version of Catwoman is currently at the cinema. But given the bad reviews (3 out of 10 on IMDb!) it is sure that her performer Halle Berry must pale into insignificance beside Pfeiffer.<br /><br />Ultimately this film is one of the best sequels of 1992 and it enables to develop Tim Burton's peculiar style. We also still find his taste for the strange and the Gothic. Concerning Batman's other adaptations for the screen you can skip them. "Batman Forever" (1995) and "Batman and Robin" (1997) are no good. I heard that Christopher Nolan was shooting the beginning of the Batman story and it was to be released next year. Will it match Tim Burton's works?
critique2495 and quite frankly that just sums it up.<br /><br />It is a small computer animated series that is filmed just like an animal documentory....<br /><br />The animation is almost flawless (I thought the long necked swimming dinosaurs eyes looked fake).<br /><br />However some of the model shots didn't look quite that realistic...<br /><br />and I thought that Jurrassic park made a better T Rex..<br /><br />If this is the type of thing we see on a normal British TV series then I cannot wait to see what they can accomplish in the movies..<br /><br />I give this 10/10 stars...<br /><br />(and the "making of" video was also great.....the dinosaur on the skate board was halarious)<br /><br /><..>
critique2496 Lots of reviews on this page mention that this movie is a little dark for kids. That depends on the kid. This isn't a movie for a 2-6 year old; it's more geared toward the 8 years and older crowd. I saw this movie when I was 10 I absolutely loved it. At the time most animated movies were a little too childish for my tastes. This movie deals with more serious issues and therefore has a little more emotional impact. In this movie characters can DIE and be sent to HELL! This gives a little more emotional weight to the scenes where characters are risking their lives. The good guys aren't always perfectly sweet and nice (like other cartoons). They have "real" motivations like revenge and greed but also compassion and friendship; shows that things aren't always black and white.<br /><br />Excellent Movie
critique2497 When I heard Patrick Swayze was finally returning to his acting career with KING SOLOMON'S MINES I was very excited. I was expecting a great Indiana Jones type action adventure. What I got was a 4 hour long (with commercials) epic that was very slow. The second and third hour could have been dropped altogether and the story would not have suffered for it. The ending was good (no spoilers here)but I was still left wanting more. Well all a guy can do is prey that Swayze does "RoadHouse 2" so he can get back into the action genre that made him famous. Until than if your a fan of King Solomon's Mines than read the book or watch the 1985 version with Richard Chamberlain and Sharon Stone which is also not very good but its only and hour and forty minutes of your life gone instead of 4 hours.
critique2498 Pot-seeking pre-teen Joshua Miller (as Tim) throws his sister's doll into the river while Daniel Roebuck (as Samson) howls and smokes a cigarette after killing Danyi Deats (as Jamie). The doll washes away but the naked young woman stays by the "River's Edge" for any passerby to see. Viewing the dead body are a group of twenty-something teenagers mostly classmates of the naked corpse. Stoners Keanu Reeves (as Matt) and Crispin Glover (as Layne) are found most camera-worthy. The friends wonder what to do about their guilty beer-guzzling killer friend.<br /><br />Veteran-in-the-cast Dennis Hopper (as Feck) keeps the youngsters' heads fed. Mr. Hopper once killed a woman. He lives with one of those life-sized sex dolls with a mouth apparently ready for action. Ione Skye Leitch (as Clarissa) is a more living doll and she is waiting for Reeves to kiss her. Their copulation is notably cross-cut with a flashback to the opening strangulation. An actual teenager in her first feature role Ms. Leitch is the daughter of sixties-singer Donovan. Make other quirky connections on your own.<br /><br />You can read a lot into the movie or not depending on your mood. Some of the characters' backgrounds may be a little too subtle. Most obviously the killer teen was teased; note his weight attitude and "toilet"-connected nickname. Some of the characters' relationships and motivations are too vaguely defined but the cast certainly keeps the material interesting; and director Tim Hunter photographer Frederick Elmes and writer Neal Jimenez are obviously skilled.<br /><br />******* River's Edge (8/27/86) Tim Hunter ~ Keanu Reeves Crispin Glover Dennis Hopper Joshua Miller
critique2499 This is not the kind of movie that really merits critical attention. It's not going to win any Oscars - it's really not a very good movie at all. Heck it's not even really a movie - just a string of short disgusting gross-out skits strung together in an effort to make entertainment. And as much as every critical bone in my body cries out to give this movie a failing score gosh darn it I'm going to give it a much better score. The kind of people who are going to enjoy this movie are not the kind of people who really care what critics have to say so I'm not going to give some snobby critique of Jackass's quality of surreal existentialism that permeates and commentates on how our society....oh forget it.<br /><br />What's to say? There's no plot development no character development - no real beginning - there's a semi-enjoyable end that's not nearly as funny as the skit that precedes it and everything in between reeks of improper bathroom humor that junior high kids laugh at. It's actually pretty funny.<br /><br />Leave at the door all your preconceptions of a good movie. Jackass: Number Two is just gross-out crap. That's really all it is. I do give the filmmakers this though: they come up with some pretty imaginative stuff. You'll probably cringe several times throughout want to throw up a couple times wiggle and shift uncomfortably as the people on screen do death and vomit-defying stunts. Vomit crap urine semen....virtually every bodily fluid can be seen in Jackass: Number Two. There's nudity sexual humor abounds and so on and so forth.<br /><br />It's entertaining. If you're the kind of person who finds this stuff enjoyable then you will probably really like Jackass: Number Two. I laughed several times. Like I said it's pretty imaginative stuff. I never once wanted to vomit - though I do have a pretty strong stomach. Just accept the movie's premise: a bunch of idiotic guys do weird crap for fun. Once you get past that accepting it and going with it you'll enjoy it. The only flaw in the movie is the sheer excess of all the weird and disgusting stuff. There are several very imaginative very disturbing skits but it drags in many places as they do ones that are less interesting. Towards the end things pick up but in the middle of the movie the drag hurts the overall film's quality. In a half hour TV show this isn't a problem but with film length celluloid it's inevitable that boredom will ensue at some point. After awhile the gross crap just becomes desensitizing.<br /><br />On the whole though Number Two is an entertaining imaginative and above all disgusting comedy that will leave you with a feeling of pain nausea and hilarity. Go see it if you must but hey if you know you don't like this kind of stuff don't bother. You'll just be disappointed.
critique2500 Outragously entertaining period piece set in the 30s it is a spin on the classic cliffhanger series as much as "Raiders of the Lost Ark" only done on a low budget and much campier by director Michael Anderson. The opening scenes laces liberal amount of gothic art nuveau predating Batman by two decades. Starring Ron Ely (Tarzan) as a perfectly cast hero and the gorgeous Pamela Hensley as the local latina Mona tagging on to our hero on a goldhunt in the non-existent latin american country of Hidalgo. Best line our hero to Mona holding a fist to her chin just as you expect him to be tender with her and give her a hug: "Mona you're a brick!"<br /><br />Paul Wexler's ham-and-cheese blackhat Captain Seas is a an absolute delight. Expect a little "Raiders.." a dash of "Batman" a little "The Lost World" a little "Lost Horizons" and a whole lot of campiness and you'll get it just right. Watch out for cult favorite Michael Berryman in a small part as undertaker and enjoy the campy use of John Philip Sousa's patriotic music. A prime candidate for DVD release it is certainly overdue. An unmissable treat for the whole family. 9/10
critique2501 Lloyd Hamilton was one of the most imaginative (and among the funniest) of all the silent-film comedians. Why is he utterly forgotten? Unfortunately the original negatives for a large percentage of his films were lost when the Fox warehouse burnt in the early 1930s. Hamilton was not handsome or graceful like Chaplin Keaton and Lloyd; nor was he dapper like Raymond Griffith. And unlike Harry Langdon and (again) Chaplin Hamilton did not try for audience sympathy.<br /><br />However his films were hugely popular at the time of their original release and they remain hilarious today. Oscar Levant once claimed that he asked Chaplin if there was any other comedian whom he'd ever envied and Chaplin instantly named Lloyd Hamilton. The character most frequently portrayed by Hamilton on screen -- a flat-capped naff with fastidious hand gestures and a duck-like walk -- was later adapted by vaudeville comedian Eddie Garr (Teri Garr's father) and further adapted by Jackie Gleason as his 1950s TV character 'The Poor Soul'.<br /><br />'The Movies' directed pseudonymously by Roscoe Arbuckle is one of Hamilton's most innovative shorts and it's hilarious. We first see him as a country boy bidding farewell to his family outside their homespun cottage on his way to the big city. Then he steps away from the cottage and we see that it's IN the big city with traffic booming all round him!<br /><br />Eventually our hero ends up at a restaurant (uncredited but it's the Montmartre Cafe in downtown L.A.) where all the movie actors eat between takes. There's an amusing gag when Hamilton's bumpkin character meets three actors in costume and makeup as Presidents Washington Lincoln and Roosevelt: this gag would have been funnier if the impostors looked more like the originals. Finally our lad seats himself at a table hoping to meet a celebrity. Sure enough entering the restaurant and sitting at the very next table is a big movie star ... none other than Lloyd Hamilton! There's a very well-made double-exposure shot -- the join is nearly invisible -- when Lloyd Hamilton as himself greets Lloyd Hamilton as the country boy.<br /><br />Sadly Hamilton's peak period of creativity was very brief. He began his film career in crude slapstick films as one half of a double act (Ham and Bud opposite Bud Duncan) and had a brief and blazing period of stardom in shorts during the late silent period. Sound movies were not kind to Hamilton and he was quickly shoved down the cast list in some crude early talkies. Then he died young. Fortunately 'The Movies' is quite funny and a splendid introduction to this unique comedians' style. I'll rate it 7 out of 10.
critique2502 I loved this film. Not being a swooning Ed Wood Jr. fan I prefer to appreciate his "boundless enthusiasm" and acknowledge his shortcomings. His movies are fun but his personal story is one racked with pain. I hoped and was delighted to find that this film would be about understanding his turbulent life rather than simply heaping him with posthumous praise. From beginning to end this film evolves from a documentary into a mythology leaving the cast and the viewer unexpectedly connected to each other and to Ed Wood Jr.<br /><br />What we get are people who knew Ed Wood the best talking about him from all perspectives positive and negative and showing us their character as much as Ed's. We get insight into Ed's personal and professional life: from his romances to his drinking to his sexuality to his friends to his enemies and even to his film making.<br /><br />The film itself is shot in a low-budget way that seems done out of respect for Ed as if using the techniques of most theatrically released movies from 1996 would be disrespectful (sort of like wearing a nicer suit than the President). The set designer uses a sense of humor and also a great deal of insight when matching each cast member with their background.<br /><br />Fans will be excited to hear personal testimony regarding Ed Wood controversies and new comers will be amazed that this man was real. The DVD is full of impossible to find gems ("Crossroads of Lorado" and photo galleries) but the real treasure of this film is the surprisingly engaging and interconnected story.<br /><br />Ed Wood had a habit of defining people through their association with him (for better or worse) to the point where one woman will go down in history as "Swimming Pool Owner" for once letting him and his friends be baptized in her pool. This ability to define a person's legacy comes through universally as the most amazing effect of the film is to not only give a well rounded idea of the man that was Ed Wood Jr. but also to give a comprehensive view of the community that he created. Somehow without ever having more that one cast member being interviewed on screen at a time the connection that Ed Wood created amongst the various people in his life becomes clear and the viewer is left with great sense of involvement.<br /><br />Even the title hints at the B-list horror genre but by the end we see that even this is a kindness. What begins as unrelated stories by random people ends with the conclusion that all of the cast will be forever weaved into an unpredictably cohesive fabric that history will bring into haunting unity with Wood's legend.<br /><br />In many ways a living contradiction Ed Wood Jr. could not be condensed to a single viewpoint. This collaborative effort is the closest to knowing him that we can ever get. Being itself a juxtaposition of themes it is at once respectful provocative thoughtful gripping fun sad kind and fulfilling.
critique2503 It's the 1980's and the teenagers are ready to party it up in a scary old house that is rumored to be haunted by the ghost of Murder McGee. After mistakenly conjuring the dead through an unfinished conversation on an Ouija board the kids are forced to fight to the death battling a vengeful ghost who possesses and kills all of their friends one by one. Sound familiar? It's supposed to. It's clearly marketed to pay homage to the classic 80's slashers with the tagline: "Excessive violence. Gratuitous nudity. Zero budget." <br /><br />Can't get enough; It's pure entertainment! I enjoyed the humor and the way it poked fun at all the horror clichÃƒÂ©'s but at the same time embraced what was fun about movies from this time. There is something you get with this movie you never got with the old 80's slasher films though: good acting. The entire cast was very talented and you don't see that very much in any low budget flicks recent or otherwise. There was a lot of chemistry between the characters. I was very entertained throughout the entire film and I am fully convinced the writer/director and cast will go a long way in their separate careers. The script was very well written and the dialogue flowed naturally.<br /><br />The effects were a bit amateur and the scenes were not lit well but the fact that this movie admits on its cover there was practically NO BUDGET I already know this going in. This film makes it simple to politely ignore its faults and just sit back and enjoy. Although this is not an Oscar award winning opus it never claims to be and props to that. It's a lot of fun. If you like slashers you'll really appreciate this film. If you like blood and boobies you'll appreciate it also.
critique2504 Walter Matthau and George Burns were a famous vaudeville comedy act Lewis and Clark who haven't spoken in over 10 years. Burns retired and Matthau took it personally and has held a grudge ever since. Such is the premise of this hilarious Neil Simon play made into a movie. Of course what makes it so good is Matthau and Burns in their prime and the material is funnier than anything you can find today. Richard Benjamin shines as Matthau's nephew and agent. There's even old clips of actual stars of the golden era to get you into the groove of the film and character actor Fritz Feld starts it all off with a "pop." Rosetta LaNoire who started out in the 30s in theater with Orson Welles and later was Grandma on "Family Matters" is great in a small role.<br /><br />The only problem I had with it (and maybe I'm being too picky and/or serious) is the way Matthau treats Burns when they first meet. Granted he's had a lot of resentment festering in all these years but some of the things he does would be considered rude or just plain bad manners taken out of context. Also I'm used to seeing Matthau act that way in other movies but not to George Burns. And Matthau's bellowing tends to get a little old. <br /><br />All in all if you need a consistently funny film to help and forget your troubles put in "The Sunshine Boys." They'll lift your spirits and make you think of a simpler time and way of life.<br /><br />Benjamin: "You have to slide it." <br /><br />Matthau: "Wait wait. I think you have to slide it."
critique2505 Love Jones cleverly portrays young African-American men and women in a clear positive realistic sense. I feel that all of the actors and actresses were magnificent and really did a great job at capturing the mood. Nia Long and Larenz Tate worked well together and I hope to see more work from the two of them. As a matter of fact all of the actors/actresses did such a fine job it would be great to see another romantic-comedy from them. This movie can be compared to most any well-written romantic comedy. If you have not seen this movie already I strongly recommend that you do it can definitely give you another perspective on life and love.
critique2506 I would like to know why John Amos left the show and how did he die off the show again? I couldn't relate to everything but sometimes they hit home with the problems they were facing. By the way did they ever make it out of the ghetto? I think the episode with the black Jesus was my favorite. We got to see them experience a few good times. something they didn't have very often. I wish they would bring the show back. During the daytime so people can actually stay up to watch. I don't think a movie or a new show would work. Especially without the original cast. They are really what made Good Times GoodTimes. These are my questions and comments. Thank You!!
critique2507 I have watched thousands of movies in my life and I believe this movie is the most "perfect" movie that has ever been made. By perfect I mean the storytelling the plot the acting the staging the camera work etc. (This is a lay opinion; I have no background in film production.) A lot of movies have perfect scenes such as the bartender filing a report with the police officer in the movie Fargo. (Indeed that scene could play well as a short.) In The Dead every scene is done to perfection making the entire movie perfect. Perhaps John Huston sold his soul to the Devil to make such a movie. Hopefully Daniel Webster has gotten him out of the contract!
critique2508 EL MAR is a tough stark utterly brilliant brave work of cinematic art. Director AgustÃƒÂ­ Villaronga with an adaptation by Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida of Blai Bonet's novel has created a film that traces the profound effects of war on the minds of children and how that exposure wrecks havoc on adult lives. And though the focus is on war's heinous tattoo on children the transference to like effects on soldiers and citizens of adult age is clear. This film becomes one of the finest anti-war documents without resorting to pamphleteering: the end result has far greater impact because of its inherent story following children's march toward adulthood.<br /><br />A small group of children are shown in the Spanish Civil War of Spain threatened with blackouts and invasive nighttime slaughtering of citizens. Ramala (Nilo Mur) Tur (David Lozano) Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) witness the terror of the assassination of men and the revenge that drives one of them to murder and suicide. These wide-eyed children become adults carrying all of the psychic disease and trauma repressed in their minds.<br /><br />We then encounter the three who survive into adulthood where they are all confined to a tuberculosis sanitarium. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) has survived as a male prostitute protected by his 'john' Morell (Juli Mira) and has kept his life style private. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a frail sexually repressed gay male whose cover is his commitment to Catholicism and the blur of delusional self-mutilation/crucifixion. Francisca (AntÃƒÂ²nia Torrens) has become a nun and serves the patients in the sanitarium. The three are re-joined by their environment in the sanitarium and slowly each reveals the scars of their childhood experiences with war. Tur longs for Ramala's love Ramala longs to be free from his Morell and Francisca must face her own internal needs covered by her white nun's habit.<br /><br />The setting of the sanitarium provides a graphic plane where the thin thread between life and death between lust and love and between devotion and destruction is played out. To detail more would destroy the impact of the film on the individual viewer but suffice it to say that graphic sex and full nudity are involved (in some of the most stunningly raw footage yet captured on film) and the viewer should be prepared to witness every form of brutality imaginable. For this viewer these scenes are of utmost importance and Director Villaronga is to be applauded for his perseverance and bravery in making this story so intense. The actors both as children and as adults are splendid: Roger Cassamoor Bruno Bergonzini and AntÃƒÂ²nia Torrens are especially fine in inordinately difficult roles. The cinematography by Jaime Peracaula and the haunting musical score by Javier Navarrete serve the director's vision. A tough film this but one highly recommended to those who are unafraid to face the horrors of war and its aftermath. In Spanish with English subtitles.<br /><br />Grady Harp
critique2509 I have seen it a few times and get completely glued to it every time. It is very suspenseful and intense. To describe it sounds boring but it is amazing. It is the kind of movie where you need can't miss a thing but if you soak it in it sticks with you long after it ends. Now thinking about it I don't even know what Stone was trying to make us see. Just the story of Alan Green? I don't think so. It was a look at ignorance stupidity self-absorption and a guy just loosing his grip. Maybe he had more grip than the listeners though. I didn't like Barry but still seemed worried about him for some reason. I was perplexed at why I couldn't get him out of my mind when the movie ended. I wish I could see inside Olive Stone's mind for this one.
critique2510 Contains spoilers<br /><br />"Hollow Man" is probably the weakest movie that Paul Verhoeven director of great movies like "Total Recall" "Starship Troopers" and "Robocop" has ever made. <br /><br />That's probably not his fault. For some reason Verhoeven got stuck with an utterly mediocre script and he made the best of it. <br /><br />The first part of this movie is rather good with lots of cynical jokes great special effects and even Skunk Anansie on the soundtrack. Unfortunately the movie falls flat in the second part were it degenerates into a standard slasher movie or maybe a very bad "Alien" clone. The ending is especially ridiculous <SPOILER> as Kevin Bacon keeps coming back to life after a number of incidents that should (in the logical sense of the word) have killed him. </SPOILER>. And the entire thing is quite shallow indeed: the subject of becoming invisible is never fully investigated.<br /><br />But all in all Verhoeven manages to stay well above average with this movie. <br /><br />**1/2 out of **** stars
critique2511 This is one of the movies having made significant influence on me as a person. The sound tracks are best and the performance is excellent. Just a great movie for ever to time limit just for the entire live you must have in your collection! This is one of the movies having made significant influence on me as a person. The sound tracks are best and the performance is excellent. Just a great movie for ever to time limit just for the entire live you must have in your collection! This is one of the movies having made significant influence on me as a person. The sound tracks are best and the performance is excellent. Just a great movie for ever to time limit just for the entire live you must have in your collection!
critique2512 Blade Runner (Deckard is a Replicant!) <br /><br />City of Lost Children (augmented senses or whatever used and abused and mostly well just giving us far less than what we might dream of) and<br /><br />Dark City: <br /><br />These really ought to be added.<br /><br />For a while now I've been waiting for an animated film that might affect me as much as Miyazaki's stuff has. This one is the 1st.<br /><br />Hmm scratch the "animated" part of that.<br /><br />I have an intense love-hate relationship with film noir and hey if you don't leave it must be mostly love right? But there are so many sci-fi and noir themes totally submerged in this film that it's just a wonder to watch.<br /><br />These people did an incredible job!
critique2513 This is one of the funniest movies I have seen. I watched it on DVD and the disc does not have any special features or even a menu but that is not necessarily what I care about. <br /><br />I tend to judge movies on a case by case basis depending on among other things if it is a big studio production or a smaller film. This is a smaller film and I am willing to forgive minor things. That said I believe it has one of the most imaginative and original title sequences that I have seen.<br /><br />I enjoyed the acting of all of the major players. I especially enjoyed Til Schweiger and Alan Arkin. Alan Arkin has most of the funniest lines. The character portrayed by Claire Forlani might come across as unrealistic to some people but I have personally known real people with emotional problems that very readily look at life's decisions as her character does. That helped me pick up the nuances where her hurts could come out through the veneer of her humor.<br /><br />This is not a movie for children obviously but it does NOT engage in gratuitous sex and nudity. There is quite a bit of adult language though but it can sometimes be very funny. (In particular Alan Arkin's character who can't even swear correctly.)<br /><br />Also watch for the cameos from known character actors.
critique2514 I watched this movie thinking it was going to be absolutely horrible and was ready for all the corniness bad special effects etc. But I was pleasantly surprised. Not to say that it's the best vampire movie I have ever seen but it certainly isn't the worst. I liked the whole alternate reality/dream state that played into the movie. The graphics were quite well for a straight to DVD movie and I liked the overall look of the film. I enjoyed the main character Sai. I usually end up hating the female leads but there was something about her that kept me interested. Yes she does make some bad decisions but that was to be expected. Yes the other characters were stereotypical but I was expecting that too. I don't know if I'd highly recommend this movie but give it a chance and you might be pleasantly surprised. I'm putting this one on my guilty pleasures list.
critique2515 Martin Ritt seems to be a director who was always interested in social issues (as the son of immigrants he had every incentive to be so especially since he was blacklisted in the '50s). "Conrack" is based on Pat Conroy's novel "The Water is Wide" about his own experience in 1969 teaching a school of impoverished black children about the outside world much to the chagrin of the right-wing superintendent (Hume Cronyn). What added to the movie's strength was the cultural and historical context: Conroy (Jon Voight) frustratedly tells another teacher how many of the children don't know about Paul Newman Sidney Poitier the Vietnam War or even where Vietnam is. He proceeds to enlighten them about all these factors.<br /><br />Somewhere I read a complaint that when Conroy played music for the children he only played white music. The truth is you can't blame the movie for that; it was based on Conroy's real experience. Either way the movie's a real gem.
critique2516 This is better then the first. The movie opens up with Sheriff Sam .Then Sam and Anne pack there bags up and head to the Tropicana while Jack tags along.<br /><br />People are shot get glass through necks get squished by anvils get stabbed with icicles eyes gouged out head explosions drownings hangings lobsters shoved into faces slit throats freezing to death killed by snowballs arms are ripped off melted by anti-freeze icicles down necks hit in face with pots and pans fingers getting' bitten off icicles through mouths bitten on the neck exploding people toasted snowballs and shoved in blenders.<br /><br />The snowballs are hilarious they put it into a blender and turn it on then it says 'that was fun' they put in in a waffle thing and it gets burnt. <br /><br />This is just a great movie. Then they start thinking of other ways to kill it and the snowball replies 'that's not nice'<br /><br />It was worth then ten bucks spent to buy this.<br /><br />10 out of 10 stars.
critique2517 It was good to see John Denver again though he passed several years ago. I found this film to be very heartwarming and a great film to sit by the fire on a cold winters night recollecting what Christmas is all about. The scenes of Georgetown Colorado were magnificent and make one want to move there immediately. As I sit here in my own mountain seen in So California I loved the story and the plot. I hope all who see this somewhat older film enjoy it as much as my mother and I did. Merry Christmas! A great film for all the family too see. Enoy and tell others about it. Thanks for the memories. We need to have more films like this come out of Hollywood.
critique2518 Joel schumacher Made a heck of a choice when he decided on this cast and this script. The story is well written and well laid out and this entirely new cast of 10 or 12 central characters was absolutely brilliant. It seemed that there were 6 "leads" and about a half dozen supporting and by far this is the best thing about the movie the fresh young faces of tomorrow. It has been a long time since hollywood has touched the controversial vietnam war filmswhich says something for the"story that needed to be told"(as stated by schumacher) and Tigerland lands in that handful of top war movies period. Yet it can not be labeled as a war movie because it seemed to be based more on the human spirit of Bozz and the others. I Think anyone who just wants to see a good film with out all of the special FX but just good gritty drama should go see Tigerland obviously Shumachers Best works in the past 8 years.
critique2519 I like seeing Linda Blair playing in an actual "horror" movie again. I had been disappointed with her in most everything since the "Exorcist "movies (Which i loved). What was up with all of those nasty "B-movies" she did? <br /><br />David Hassellhoff on the other hand all i could do is laugh. He is not cut out to be a horror movie actor. David needs to stick to "Knight Rider" or "Baywatch".<br /><br />All around this is an awesome movie. Even for the eighties this was an awesome film. It has horror action and drama. It is a suspenseful and I loved the way Linda Blair turned out.
critique2520 Two Hands is a highly enjoyable Aussie crime caper which ultimately succeeds by the way the film easily combines tense dramatic moments with very funny characters and situations to give the film the right balance and feel. The comedy of the film occurs naturally and the laughs haven't been set up too elaborately & haven't been too worked at. It really is very funny thanks to the fact that each character in the movie is excellently cast and that each actor/actress recognises and can relate to the Aussie humor. They portray it very well and very realistically. Of course they're helped out immensely by a fantastic script by writer/director Gregor Jordan. I was reading another review of this film by an American who had seen it and he heavily criticised it basically passing it off as a Pulp Fiction clone. I think that that's just rubbish. This film isn't trying to be Pulp Fiction the feel and style of each of this excellent films are totally opposite. Without wanting to sound superior or arrogant I think to fully understand this film; the humor the sincerity the characters etc....you have to be Australian or at least understand the culture which the other guy obviously didn't have the faintest clue about. Some Americans whose reviews of certain non-American films seem ignorant to (and have trouble comprehending) anything that isn't an American product. It's a real shame because this is a really great film. The love story featured between the main character and the girl is also portrayed in a very real sincere and sweet way. I'm very proud to have this film in my collection. 4.5 out of 5.
critique2521 When I was growing up Voyage into Space was my most favorite movie. I remember the time when KTLA (Channel 5) ran the movie for the whole week and me and my sisters watched it every single day! I still remember every part of that movie. The ending was so sad when Giant Robot got blown up along with Guillotine and then watching Johnny Sokko with all the tears running down his face calling for Giant Robot. There should have been a sequel to the movie in which Giant Robot somehow survived the explosion. :) I can't believe that there are so many other Voyage into Space fans still out there. I really want to buy the movie when it comes out on DVD but my sister said that the ones out there now are bootlegged and probably bad quality copies of the movie. I don't know why they haven't released it yet since it's been over 40 years now. I think Voyage into Space was made back in 1968. Only now my second favorite Japanese monster movie of all time (The War of the Gargantuas) is finally coming to DVD and being released on Sept. 9th and I can't wait! :) Now if only they would do the same with Voyage into Space. Giant Robot Johnny Sokko and Voyage into Space will never be forgotten! In my eyes and probably many others too it will always be a childhood classic to me! :)
critique2522 This is an excellent film dealing with a potentially exploitative subject with great sensitivity. Anne Reid previously best known in the UK for her TV roles including 'Dinnerladies' (a Victoria Wood scripted series on in-company catering workers if you're wondering) gives a performance of finely judged understatement as May a late-60s bereaved mother of two chattering class adults in an inner-London borough. Her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) dies on their visit to the male of the latter species (Bobby) and we see the pair being rather casually greeted by Bobby and his family. May's teacher daughter Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw) lives nearby however and the relationship between May and Paula initially appears closer. Thus when May decides she cannot live in her own home and comes back to London she is able to stay in Paula's house and do some child-minding of Paula's more appreciative offspring.<br /><br />It is on May's visits to Bobby's house that she embarks on an affair with Darren a mid-30s friend of Bobby who is working on a house extension. In what may be the first mainstream British film to so portray it it is May and not Darren (Daniel Craig*) who initiates the encounter and at least to begin with it seems that the relationship is founded on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least in the DVD I saw: differences in the IMDb cast list suggests the existence of other versions) and the physical basis of the affair is handled directly but not exploitatively. More strongly portrayed is the relationship between May and daughter Paula a recent convert to 'therapy and self-exploration' who announces that mummy has never been supportive of her. Paula is also Darren's lover and when she finds May's explicit but rather poor drawings of Darren and May together things go downhill in dramatic but controlled fashion. Only in an English film perhaps could a daughter announce that she is going to hit her mother politely ask her to stand up and duly wallop her.<br /><br />In the mean time May is being drawn into a putative relationship with a decent but older (of her own generation) member of Paula's writing group. The contrast between the ensuing unwanted intercourse and her affair with Darren is clearly made; it is at that point that May starts to acquiesce to Paula and Darren's worm begins to turn (he reveals on cocaine that he may have been after her money if not all along but for some of the ride). So May finds herself superfluous to both of her children's needs and finally does return home (but later leaves on a jet plane for pastures new).<br /><br />The film's strength is that it portrays with unflinching but sympathetic truth the nature of contemporary adult parent-sibling relationships where bereavement may leave the surviving parent feeling more alone than if they had no-one to care for them. This is not new but the openness of the portrayal of sexual need in the over-60s may well be. The darkness of the film's content from a screenplay by Hanif Kureishi stands in contrast to the way in which it is lit (it seems to be perpetual summer) and the overall mood is uplifting - it could so easily have been yet another piece set in a dour and rainy England. The ending is perhaps under-written as we don't know where May is going or for how long - perhaps she's Shirley Valentine with a pension she's certainly no Picasso. Anne Reid is however revealed as a fine actor whose professional life will surely have changed forever. Like Julie Andrews in Torn Curtain (said by Paul Newman) "There goes your Mary Poppins {read Dinnerladies} image for good".<br /><br />* Yes he: announced Oct 2005 as the new James Bond.
critique2523 In some scenes in the Rain People Francis Ford Coppola's precursor to his hey-day of the seventies there is the mark of a similar situation to 1969's Easy Rider but not exactly in the same reference frame. Here we have a drama about disconnected people from society in some ways alienated by the choices or by limits imposed by one mean or another. It's one of those rare original dramas where some scenes stand alone as total knockouts. Even with such a low-string budget and a very freewheeling so to speak attitude about filming the movie Coppola is able to capture everything that needs to be said through these clearly defined characters and the curved unexpected degrees of one character versus the helplessness of another or vice versa or both. And as one might be inclined seeing as how it is very much about the cutaways of suburban life of the 1960s it has that escapism of the film mentioned before but of a more concrete near timeless quality with the drama and the underlying issues. In a way if Bergman were on route as a quasi-guerrilla 20-something filmmaker out to get the strange truths of everyday outsiders this might be it.<br /><br />But along with all of the very direct and sometimes self-conscious photography (though also with a more documentary approach at times akin with its indeterminable characters) the actors all fit into place. Shirley Knight an actress I'm not too familiar with has a complex diverging role as a pregnant wife running off in a sort of existentialist conundrum of what life is there to have. There are moments of some awe-inspiring acting by her and one of my favorites (if not my favorite) is when she is on the telephone calling her husband the first time. Such a tense scene on both ends and in every small gesture and inflection of a word so much about her is spoken with so little. It's extraordinary in ways that mirror others in Coppola's films. Then comes in the character of 'killer' played by James Caan. This too is a dangerous character to take on as it is a mix of childish bewilderment and amusement with scarred memories. Think Forrest Gump if he didn't make it past the football and wit. It's one of his best actually by being the most minimalist- for a guy who's usually playing tough guys in movies here's one that also is part of the crux of the story and of Knight's character. Also very good in a supporting role is Robert Duvall as a cop with a rough side and rather checkered past; kind of an early sample of other defected characters he would play later on in his career.<br /><br />So the characters and what Coppola risks in having an uneasiness running in them are really what make up the film as whatever story there is it is definitely not resolved in the usual way you might think or expect. The last ten or so minutes are like others in Coppola's work where the specific tragedies on all sides are undercut by the emotional- and psychological- implications this will leave on the principles are amplified to the sublime and sad. This is for its time brave on the part of what is trying to be represented (in both the freedom as well as the flaws and ambiguities) in the subject matter. And the style of the picture adds a fragmented kind of view onto it all with quick flashbacks that are graphic and self-contained in a contrast with the longer shots in some crucial scenes. It's a road movie of its period but its also got a lot more working than it would under another filmmaker with less chances to take on the nature of these outcast characters. One of the best films of 1969.
critique2524 It surprises me how much I love this movie despite the fact that I don't really like dogs. Fox Field and Ameche do a wonderful job with the voices of Chance Sassy and Shadow and the acting by the animals themselves is just amazing.<br /><br />I have seen this movie 72 times already (I know that sounds scary but it's true!) and every time the ending scenes still get me. I highly recommend it to people of all ages and especially to animal lovers. It is indeed my all-time favorite movie!
critique2525 so. i was completely in love with this movie. gaga for it even with all its plot twists...but the one thing i found really disturbing was the connection between the two best friends in Tim and Kyle. While the writer of the film gave us such a poignant moment between the two and their sexual experimentation/confusion he then gives us a plot twist that makes them half brothers?!?! (Although the subject isn't brought up in the film....and left unexplained and unaccounted for) I just thought that it was in bad taste and the fact that it wasn't even discussed is even worse. (Oops we've created a taboo...now let's not address the situation because that wouldn't really be P.C.) Otherwise a spectacular film
critique2526 I first rented this film many years ago and was completely enthralled by it. Just recently feeling a strange need to revisit some of the way-too-few films that I've immensely enjoyed in my lifetime I decided to give "Erendira" another look. And I'm glad I did as I soon discovered that even the passage of time has not in the least dulled the shine of this film.<br /><br />The story is about a teenaged girl (Erendira played remarkably by Claudia O'hana - in some respects she resembles Winona Ryder!) who accidentally burns down her grandmother's mansion after which the grandmother played downright hypnotically by Irene Papas forces the girl into a life of prostitution on the road to repay the damages. <br /><br />The viewing is at once fascinating and compelling - though inspite of the basic premise which deals with prostitution is tastefully void of gratuitous steamy sexual content. The story revolves more around the interactions between the girl and her grandmother and the various other colorful characters with whom they come into contact on their sojourn - which by the way is in the rough and tumble part of rural Mexico.<br /><br />The film is very atmospheric arrestingly enigmatic with a decided dreamlike quality. It sometimes borders on the bizarre but not to the point of say a David Lynch film. It's also worth mentioning that the film is very allegorical in nature read the comments from previous viewers below...<br /><br />Often in the background you hear the sounds of a lone accordion quiet and melancholy adding just the right musical accents to highlight the Mexican setting. The cinematography of the rural places many of which are in the desert is quite superb.<br /><br />The film moves at a nice pace neither too fast nor too slow and after every scene I felt I had to rewind the tape and play it over again just because it makes you want to do that. For me anyway it really is that compelling.<br /><br />Hopefully you will see the film in its Spanish language version with subtitles. I studied Spanish in high school as well as in college and I was happy to be able to understand much of the dialogue. Por ejemplo: "El mundo no es tan grande como pensaba." ("The world's not as big as I thought" - i.e. It's a small world.)<br /><br />This film somehow reminds me of stumbling upon a dusty old bottle of vintage wine which upon drinking is immensely satisfying however you are left with some sadness upon realizing that there aren't more bottles just like this one.
critique2527 This movie is cold bare truth. Often we think "oh no that won't happen to me." But it can. Drug smuggling is big money and often people are unknowingly (or tricked) into doing things for smugglers. The story of these two girls is the story of many young people who like them only wanted a exotic holiday - which turned into a nightmare. People need to know that these sort of events aren't improbable or exaggerated - this IS a major problem in today's society.<br /><br />I would recommend this movie to mature viewers because of the understanding needed to truly appreciate this movie. It is very emotional and raw. Well worth watching and certainly stays in your memory.
critique2528 Human Traffic is without a doubt the most original and compelling film that I have seen for a long time. It documents 2 days in the lives of a group of young people bored with their everyday existence and dead end jobs and taking ecstasy at raves on the weekend. It is hilariously funny and extremely poignant and at times very sad. In the same genre as 'Trainspotting' it has a great soundtrack and features hot young rising British stars. The movie was made on a miniscule budget and I look forward to future offerings of Writer/Director Justin Kerrigan when his talent is discovered by the major movie makers.
critique2529 This particular film was one that I wanted to see in theaters but never got around to it. When I finally rented it in the summer of 2001 I enjoyed it so much that I went out and bought the DVD soon after. Bonnie Hunt and Don Lake did a wonderful job with the screenplay and are wonderful to listen to on the audio commentary that is included on the DVD. They did a great job in creating characters that you really care about. I really felt a whirlwind of emotions watching this film including sadness anxiety and joy. The film also does a great job in showing the importance of family (a rarity in film today) which is a reflection of the director Bonnie Hunt based on the comments she made on the DVD. David Duchovny showed me here that there is life beyond Fox Mulder giving a wonderful performance with some pretty poignant scenes. I highly recommend that you give this movie a viewing. I am really thankful to the creators of this film. They have given me a wonderful piece of cinematic viewing that I will recommend to all my friends. I have seen a lot of movies over the years and it is very rare that I come away with such a feeling of satisfaction after watching a film. I will watch this time and time again for years to come. Return to Me reminds me that there are still moviemakers out there that know how to sincerely please their movie audiences. Thanks!!
critique2530 I was so glad I came across this short film. I'm always so disappointed that short films are hard to come across so when I saw this and saw that it was nominated for the Live Action Short Film at the Academy Awards I was so pleased that I actually had a film that I was rooting for.<br /><br />The plot is pretty simple the director writer and star Nacho Vigalondo tried coming up with a reason people would suddenly break out into a song and dance number like they do in movie musicals. The result is extremely entertaining and the song is actually really catchy.<br /><br />It's a well made short film well edited and the actors all do a great job. And the last shot of the film is perfect.<br /><br />I highly recommend this film.
critique2531 I've seen a lot of TV movies in my time as a student the majority the normal waste of time that US television throws out. This one however was well crafted and plotted and had a very nice twist at the end. Having only seen Richard Dean Anderson in MacGyver and Stargate I was surprised with his excellent performance rather than the rather gamut of expressions from A-B that he normally gives. It was a pleasant surprise to see Daphne Zuniga after quite a long time dating back to The Fly II. Also nice to see Robert Guillaumme in a leading role again. I can't say that I ever take Jane Leeves seriously after her Benny Hill days but she just about managed to cope well in her role. All in all a highly recommended film.
critique2532 Had fun watching this film.. despite the feeling I got a lot of the time that this film was almost copying Monsters Inc. There're quite a few things that are extremely similar between the two the relationship between an animal/monster and a small child other animals trying to break that relationship etc. It felt like that pretty much throughout the film to me.<br /><br />One of the redeeming features though is Scrat :) Very very funny character even if he serves no purpose :)
critique2533 I have probably seen this movie over fifty times by now because of the kids they just cant get enough of Spirit. The best thing about the movie I think is that the animals isn't able to talk this makes the whole movie more honest and makes a better impression on both kids and the adults so 10/10 from the kids and me
critique2534 I feel privileged to have accidentally seen this movie. I actually ran across this movie by accident. I was taping another movie on Showtime one night overnight and this movie came on afterward. So I sat and watched it and boy was I blown away. The acting is absolutely superb. Kathy Bates...who has been my favorite actress since Misery and Fried Green Tomatoes gave an amazing performance as a domineering mother who tries desperately to hold on to her old school values (religion family) at the risk of alienating her family. Martin Sheen is superb as the "tough" patriarch who is really not in control of anything in his life or family. The one thing I really loved about this movie is how it tells what happens when the heroes come home. It shows the true damage that is done to our soldiers after they fight pointless wars for political and financial gain. This movie just blew me away and I feel blessed to have accidentally taped this movie and seen it. This is a must-see for anyone who wants a true drama this is not too melodramatic and preachy but pulls at your heartstrings like none other
critique2535 This movie is certainly well-constructed beginning and ending in the dark with focus on Lili Smith /Schmidt Julie Andrewsinitially the singing 'angel' later the notorious spy.<br /><br />It's beautiful! I saw the movie about 15 years ago and watched it again recently. While it was dismissed by critics in the 70's as overblown 'cinema vulgaris' and lacking in structure (among others) time has proven them wrong. Blake Edwards certainly has produced a film that is almost of lyrical quality.<br /><br />The film soars and swirls (aerial photography; Julie Andrews in motion) and captivates. One must just buy into the premise that Julie Andrews is a spy whose mission has gone wrong. Overlooking the tepid chemistry between Julie Andrews and Rock Hudson one must believe that these are lovers - who in all innocence fall for each other. And in the end love is far more important than winning wars. And so is maintaining innocence.<br /><br />There is a lot of understated acting and the film certainly reaches emotional depths often not seen in comedies.<br /><br />There are wonderful comedic elements (foreshadowing the French goons in Victor/Victoria) interesting diplomatic asides (reminding me of The Tamarind Seed seen about 18 years ago) and a general sense of good-will.<br /><br />Suspend all disbelief and this movie will carry you away. Julie Andrews' belting out of war songs and the haunting 'Whistling Away the Dark' are reason enough to turn the TV on just for the soundtrack. And the striptease number like the 'Jenny' number in Star! works. <br /><br />This film has like a good champagne aged well. Paramount should bring it to DVD as soon as possible. The same applies to transferring the laser disk of Star! to DVD. These are both interesting pieces of Julie Andrews' meticulous and then underrated works.
critique2536 When I first read Hamlet I couldn't help but think of the ending of OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE where Bette Midler puts down the play because of how indecisive he is and says "Give me Romeo any day." Five acts of a man trying to decide whether or not to kill his uncle or not? Seemed like overkill to me. But upon further reading I grew to really appreciate the play. I've seen the Olivier and Gibson movie versions(and part of the Nicol Williamson version) and all of them take their model from Olivier; the melancholy Dane. Olivier at least did it without being self-indulgent about it but Gibson and from what I saw Williamson looked like they went to the "Look Ma I'm acting! I'm acting!" school.<br /><br />Now here comes Kenneth Branagh's version which is breathtaking from start to finish. It finished #2 on my top ten of 1996(behind THE ENGLISH PATIENT and ahead of LONE STAR JERRY MAGUIRE FARGO SECRETS & LIES EVERYONE SAYS I LOVE YOU FLIRTING WITH DISASTER BIG NIGHT and LOOKING FOR RICHARD) and it's the best Hamlet and maybe the best Shakespeare put to film. Obviously Branagh's talents as a filmmaker for making the full-length version in 70mm print and not losing our interest for four hours is great but what seems to get overlooked in discussions about this film is his performance in the title role. This was my favorite performance of the year by far. Branagh avoids the melodrama which actors seem to get trapped in by playing Hamlet as a normal regular human being and makes us understand his actions and feelings each step of the way. And unlike Olivier who depended mostly on his voice Branagh uses his entire body to demonstrate the range of emotions that Hamlet goes through but since he plays him as normal none of it seems like scenery-chewing.<br /><br />The rest of the cast is top-notch as well. I didn't even mind Jack Lemmon though I agree he was the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising turn came from Charlton Heston; I've always found him stiff as a board but he's quite commanding as the Player King. The other big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I'd find him all wrong as the 1st Gravedigger but he was his usual funny self while being in character. All in all a glorious film!
critique2537 This is an example of what film school lecturers would call a good debut movie. It follows all the rules. Short scenes to the point cheap to shoot guerilla-film-making no sets (just disused buildings) and possibly an empty hospital wing. Also even the black&white film-stock was a stroke of genius probably selected more for its low expense rather than film effect but it worked.<br /><br />Reno was amazing as the Brute. Everyone's acting was brilliant. The plot was simple and effective and no flabby bits left to distract you. A tight well-crafted cost-effective budget movie.<br /><br />Released in 1983 this would've been made just before the art of big-budget action spectaculars became refined by the Hollywood movie-making engine and movie-making was more exclusive and therefore more difficult and more in need of the right people in the right places than today's internet-enabled world so Luc Besson would've had to do quite a bit of negotiating and promise-keeping to achieve this result which makes the end-product all the more remarkable.<br /><br />But then again the French movie-industry has always maintained an excellent reputation (yes I know Luc Besson is Belgian but the movie is a French production) and has been the source of many Hollywood remakes.<br /><br />If I have one criticism it's that the cover-picture on the DVD (and possibly the original sales poster) bears no resemblance to the movie whatsoever and appears to be a rather bizarre image rather than representative of any of the movie's themes - at first glance it appears to be a man in post-apocalyptic armour on a swing but on second inspection reveals a man in armour with a lance on an office chair with his legs on a desk in a reclined self-confident posture. This never happens in the movie once.<br /><br />It's black-and-white film-stock zero dialogue physical acting tight scenes and brilliant actors makes this movie one worth adding to your private movie collection. A superb movie.
critique2538 This films makes no pretentious efforts to hide its true genre -- a campy B movie. It will flat out tell you in the beginning the definition of campy. It should have also given the adjective meaning of cheese. But the two come together in this film in ways that make you go "Hmmmmm... that's so stupid!" and then have you laughing. For example there is a scene back in "16th Century Japan" which shows a couple of samurai walking in the foreground of a temple. In the background of the temple there are several tourists looking off in the distance in slippers and shorts. Hmmmm... hahahah! I could not stop laughing. And the acting goes from decent to bearable to oh my Lord but that's what makes it funny. You'll see some decent actors and then find others really terrible. I have to digress somewhat though because I have seen Stephanie Sanchez in several plays and she is awesome. Her air time in the film was pretty short though. I have also seen Bryan Yamasaki in several plays in the islands during my visits and he's also better in theatre than in this movie. Anyhow it's an entertaining film if you've got nothing to do on a weekday evening.
critique2539 This is a docudrama story on the Lindy Chamberlain case and a look at it's impact on Australian society. It especially looks at the problem of innuendo gossip and expectation when dealing with real-life dramas.<br /><br />One issue the story deals with is the way it is expected people will all give the same emotional response to similar situations. Not everyone goes into wild melodramatic hysterics to every major crisis. Just because the characters in the movies and on TV act in a certain way is no reason to expect real people to do so. This is especially apt for journalists and news editors who appear to be looking for the the big sob scene that will pull the ratings. It's an issue that has to be constantly addressed.<br /><br />The leads play the characters with depth personality and sensitivity. And they are ably supported by a large cast all playing based-on-fact individuals. Some viewers may be surprised to learn that many of the supporting cast in this story are people better known in Australia as comic actors. It re-enforces my idea that comic actors make some of the best supports in dramas because with comedy they know how to establish quick impressions of individuals.<br /><br />(Spoiler warning!)<br /><br />I have to say something very personal here; in that I am actually an ex-Adventist who was a practicing member in Australia at the time this incident occurred; so I have a slightly different impression of the story than most. I think it is handled with amazing creativity and personality and emotional heart. I think the best scene is the one where the couple are hounded by the new choppers. It captured the themes of the story brilliantly.<br /><br />I once heard Fred Schepsi say in an interview that he told the actors to "play the best case for their character they could". While this is especially apt for this story I think it is also a general principle that should apply to all acting as well.
critique2540 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique2541 Father of the Pride  was another of those good shows that unfortunately don't have a very long life . And that is pretty sad specially if you consider that almost all the time the worst shows are still on air ( think in "The Simple life ") I admit that are many similarities with this show and "The Simpsons" but despite the similarities the show have it own merits . The animation is just adequate not incredible but is good .The best are the characters . All the animals are very likable and funny  and even Sigfried and Roy had their moments . The music was good I liked many of the songs .<br /><br />Even if the show isn't very original I think that this had lots of potential .Like "Mission Hill " a show that isn't very famous but I liked a lot  this didn't have the appreciation that it deserved . What a shame .
critique2542 I recently got the chance to view "The Waterdance" and quite liked it. I don't really understand why its called that as there isn't really any dancing going on there except maybe for the dancing at the strip club near the end. We are introduced to the main characters throughout the movie invalids in a hospital. The story shows a love affair between a physically sisabled guy and a healthy woman which is a very sweet story.Unfortunately you don't get to see movies like that today. Im not "stuck in a time warp" im not saying that everything during the 80s and early 90s was better than today but I really think the movie industry is deteriorating and there's much we can learn from old movies-by old movies i mean anything from 1920-1998.
critique2543 Why a good actress like Elizabeth Berkley stars in this commonplace movie???!!! The cast gives some good performance (Elizabeth Berkley as a Barbie girl Ele Keats as a girl without mother and Justin Whalin a guy eternally lessened by his bother) but the direction is extremely boring and the story is NOT so interesting and original. I can NOT believe that a movie like this was produced for the big screen! Julie Corman (the producer): are you CRAZY???!!!
critique2544 I can't believe I rarely ever see this title mentioned by all you eighties horror freaks and I definitely won't be joining all my fellow reviewers here in saying that 'Bloody Birthday' is awful viewing. On the contrary I enjoyed it very much and I was pleasantly surprised by the ingeniousness and surprise twists it offers. Don't just refer to this film as being 'another 80's slasher' because the victims here are rather unlikely and so are the killers. We're introduced to three cherubic-looking youngsters who were all born during a solar eclipse. At the moment they were delivered planet Saturn was blocked by both the sun and the moon and due to this the kids are emotionless and seemly without conscience. This really starts to show around their tenth birthday as they go on a merciless killing spree.<br /><br />Granted this stuff is incredibility far-fetched and even slightly offensive but seriously who cares? Unlike many other horror films from this period it at least attempts to bring something original and imaginative. For once the kids' acting is good and the entire film has a creepy atmosphere and grizzly music. The murders sequences are grim and tense and it's always eerie to see them getting committed by angel-faced kids. I don't know who hired the 3 kids but they did a good job. Especially the girl and the kid with glasses are highly memorable. The bleak images of the heartless trio remind you of classic highlights such as 'Village of the Damned' 'The Bad Seed' and 'Children of the Damned'. This film is nowhere near as memorable as these milestones but great fun and not one horror lover will regret watching this. <br /><br />Bloody Birthday was written and directed by Ed Hunt. Not particularly the greatest genius in cinema but a pleasantly deranged fella who also brought us immensely entertaining cheesefests like 'The Brain' and 'Starship Invasions'. If all this isn't enough to convince you yet Bloody Birthday has a lot of nudity. And not just any nudity but a topless dance-act by MTV-VJ Julie Brown. Oh and keep your eyes open for a completely redundant cameo by Joe Penny later the star of TV-series 'Jake and the Fatman'. Check it out!!
critique2545 Nothing like this was seen on TV at that time and probably never will again. From the first image of that police light blinding you and from there you heard the words: "Police Squad - in color" you were schocked to see that this in no way was an ordinary sitcom.<br /><br />Also to kill off a "Guest Star" and then never refer to him again where had you ever seen that before. Then the actual show started and if you did not pay attention you would miss several jokes in the background. Don't pay too much attention to one thing or you would be sorry. This was the show that video recorders were made for way before Married with Children or The Simpsons.<br /><br />The stories did in no way make sense and the dialog was sometimes so weird that you had to think about it for 5 minutes before realising that it was a joke.<br /><br />The characters Frank Drebin and Ed Hocken came right out of Dragnet and they were absolutely straight (no funny accents or expressions) but instead there were puns and twisted sentences played absolutely deadpan. Only once as I can remember were there a segment played for silly laughs - a scene involving a trip to a dentist suction and a whole lot of saliva.<br /><br />There were some tedious moments - like the informer Johnny and an appearance by some celebrity. That was strictly a one-joke moment but they had to use it in all six episodes. Oh well. Everything can't be perfect. The important thing is that the rest of the time you were knee deep in tears of laughter.<br /><br />Leslie Nielsen was fortunate that this revived his career when they put the Frank Drebin character in 3 features but it must have been an Achilles heel as well. Can you remember seeing him in anything except Naked Gun type work since? And don't count the awful Mr. Magoo reworked for live action. He probably made a lot of money though.
critique2546 Not as well known as the English American German and French cinema though cinema from Sweden from the '20's was also quite good interesting and revolutionary.<br /><br />This is a movie that is made great by its story. The story is told in 'A Christmas Carol' kind of way in which the death himself confronts the deceased with his past present and what could have been. It's of course a story that concentrates on morals and it does this very well. The message comes across as very powerful and effective. This is of course also definitely due to the effective directing from the father of Swedish cinema; Victor SjÃƒÂ¶strÃƒÂ¶m.<br /><br />The story is based on the novel by other Swedish author Selma LagerlÃƒÂ¶f. The story is adapted by Victor SjÃƒÂ¶strÃƒÂ¶m himself who perhaps should had taken out a few more elements to let the story and movie flow better. It perhaps takes a bit too long before the movie starts to take form and the story gets clear but when the movie does take form and pace it becomes a really wonderful one.<br /><br />The movie does not only have a great story it also is a good looking one. The movie uses some early and effective effects and uses some different color filters to create the right mood and to indicate what it past present and 'future'.<br /><br />SjÃƒÂ¶strÃƒÂ¶m did not only wrote and directed this movie he also plays the main character. Of course the acting in the movie is over-the-top at times by todays standards but not as bad as in for instance early German movies was the case. And after all this movie is more about its story and morals than it is about the acting so it really doesn't matter much or distracts.<br /><br />A really great and effective underrated silent-movie classic from Sweden.<br /><br />9/10
critique2547 Yes it was a little low budget but this movie shows love! The only bad things about it was that you can tell the budget on this film would not compare to "Waterworld" and though the plot was good the film never really tapped into it's full potential! Strong performances from everyone and the suspense makes it worthwhile to watch on a rainy night.
critique2548 The first half hour of "Homegrown" was rather boring and not absorbing but as the film progressed so did my interest in the characters and the plot. Several scenes are really scary and you fear for the main characters who you actually grow attached to. The story is about three hired hands on a hidden illegal marijuana farm in southern California. They witness the murder of the farm's owner Malcolm (John Lithgow) and they take over the weed for their own. The three rather simple-minded farm hands soon get swept up into a scary world of mafia and local interest while all of the time trying to convince everyone that Malcolm is still alive. While the movie had several faults and a slow beginning it turned out to be worthwhile. 7/10 stars.
critique2549 This is the fifth part of 'The Animatrix' a collection of animated short movies that tell us a little more about the world of 'The Matrix'. This time they introduce Trinity (Carrie-Anne Moss) in a story about a detective who is hired to find her. With great black and white animation and an interesting story this is again a great animated short from 'The Animatrix'.
critique2550 Why do people bitch about this movie and not about awful movies like The Godfather. Titanic is the greatest movie of the 21st Century.With great actingdirectingeffectsmusic and generally everything. This movie is always dumped by all because one day some one said they didn't like it any more so most of the world decided to agree. There is nothing wrong with this movie. All I can say is that this movie not only being the most heavily Oscar Awarded movie of all time the most money ever made ever and sadly one of the most underrated movies I've ever seen. Apart from that it is truly the best movie of all time. The only movies that come close to being like all the Star Wars and the Lord of the Rings trilogy or anything by the masters Hitchcock or Spielberg or Tim Burton. These are all good movies and directors but none match up to James Cameron's Masterpiece TITANIC.
critique2551 Who made this film? I love this film? Somebody has a wacky sense of humor...<br /><br />This Zany Surreal style of film making is appealing but it is hard to create - or easy to forget - that substance and characters who actually have souls are what give such a film depth. Without that a comedy is just a bunch of ideas. Who cares. It may get laughs but it goes through you like a half-good hamburger...next...<br /><br />Crosseyed may not intend to change anybody's life but I appreciate the depth and substance. They sneak up on you. I started this film thinking "Oh I get it - indie comedy - off the wall - gonzo...yup." And it is that - but if you pay attention there is sub text and character moments filling it out. In this sense the film breathes. It makes propositions that give pause - if you're available to see them - and then of course it goes on its insanely merry way.<br /><br />You will miss the point if you don't sign the contract to suspend belief at moments in the film. Stepping between reality and surreality IS one of the points of this movie.<br /><br />Crosseyed isn't perfect but smart people made it. I want more.<br /><br />The dining room scenes are an absolute HOOT.<br /><br />Put on your seat belt.
critique2552 Forget about Donnie Darko. I open with this because it seems that a good portion of the reviews I have read on The Box amount to the simple but weak argument that it doesn't hold a candle to Darko. It isn't that I disagree with that necessarily I just feel that this movie is a different animal altogether and deserves its own analysis. There are points of comparison to be sure but they are peripheral concerns when you consider that the key to the heart of each movie is different. In Darko the driving force of the narrative is existential. In The Box the driving force of the narrative stems from a moral dilemma. Believe me when I say that I understand the inclination to compare an innovative filmmakers'movies by looking for trends and patterns but for me it is more important to approach each new film as a self contained entity first and then broaden my gaze afterwards. <br /><br />The Box is one of those films you get mixed feelings about because it seems to be in some sort of identity crisis. It isn't always sure what it wants to be. The twists are numerous but easy to follow if not to predict. James Marsden and Cameron Diaz play a relatively believable pair of newlyweds who are in financial straits. A Box containing a "button unit" arrives on their doorstep and they are informed by a horribly burned man that if pushed the button will cause the death of one person whom they don't know and they will receive one million dollars. One of the things The Box achieves is to conjure up this invisible fear that somewhere out there our actions have moral consequences. Before the button is pushed it has an eerie and seductive quality alluring yet sinister. Once it has been pushed events are set in motion that make the two leads question their own morality and deeply regret their fateful decision. <br /><br />The notion that the Box is an experiment is interesting because for me it provides the movie with a paradox. If there are external beings developing an "altruism coefficient" based on data gathered by couples pushing and not pushing the button then as the conspiracy unravels we notice that ultimately it is a forced altruism: Be selfless or the species will be wiped out. I suppose the couples don't know the consequences of their actions when they are faced with making the decision but they have no reason to suspect that The Box can do anything so why would they choose altruistically? Is altruism devalued by the fact that we only care about it when presented with a problem in our own lives? <br /><br />The psychological hurdles in this movie are everywhere. Push the button or don't it's likely someone is messing with you. Take the money or don't no one gives anything away for free. Search for the truth the answers you find slowly reveal your demise. <br /><br />I propose that The Box is an ironic work because it offers the false choice of free will while revealing that we are trapped in many metaphorical boxes. You can only choose to be free at the expense of another's life is that freedom? No it is only another box because then you become trapped in the consequences of your own morality. There is no escape for us because we live on earth and that is another Box. This is precisely why the external beings in the film are ultimately antagonists. They demand we conform to moral standards which rob us of our freedom. We made it to Mars and we were burned for it and turned into slaves in a sick game. <br /><br />The references to Jean Paul Sartre illustrate this point rather well. "You can only enter the final chamber free or not free." Sure but no matter the form in which we enter the chamber it is a chamber nonetheless. <br /><br />Trevor Nemeth
critique2553 Taiwanese director Ang Lee whose previous films include 'Sense and Sensibility' and 'The Ice Storm' turned to the American Civil War for his latest feature. Based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell it follows the exploits of a group of Southern guerrillas known as bushwhackers as they fight their Northern equivalents the jayhawkers in the backwater of Missouri.<br /><br />As one might expect there is plenty of visceral action but the focus is on the tension that the war put on the young men who fought it - many of whom were fighting against their former neighbours and even family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is such a man or rather boy as he is only seventeen when the war reaches Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant but instead of following his countrymen and becoming a Unionist he joins his lifelong friend Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and rides with the bushwhackers. Despite a lack of acceptance because of his ancestry and an unwillingness to participate in the murder of unarmed Union men he remains loyal to the cause. So does his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright) a black slave freed by another bushwhacker and so fighting for the South.<br /><br />Lee handles the subject with aplomb never rushing the deep introspection that the plot demands in favour of action and this lends the film a sense of the reality of war - long periods of boredom and waiting interposed with occasional flashes of intensely terrifying fighting. The action is unglamorised and admirably candid recognising that both sides committed a great number of atrocities.<br /><br />The performances are superb with Maguire and Wright both courageous and dignified. Up-and-coming Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers is particularly chilling as a cold-blooded killer while Skeet Ulrich is enjoyably suave and arrogant. Lee never flinches from the reality of war but his actors do an admirable job of showing the good that comes from it - the growth of friendship the demonstration of courage and on a wider scale the emancipation of oppressed peoples. Ride With the Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film that regularly shocks but always moves the audience.
critique2554 I first saw Martin's Day when I was just 10 years old at home on The Movie Channel and still remember the impact it made on my life. It touched me as no other film had touched me and I remember balling my eyes out.<br /><br />After the first time I saw it I couldn't find it anywhere else. I would ask around and no one had ever heard of the film! I guess it was one of those more rare films that not many people knew about because no one and I mean no one knew what I was talking about. I searched and searched throughout the years checking video stores shelves and scanning cable TV listings but always came up short. Finally in 1996 I found out I could special order it I did and have probably watched it at least 50 times since--and it still makes me cry every time.<br /><br />Martin's Day is about Martin Steckert a man who is in prison (but genuinely a good guy) who yearns to make it back to the special lake where he grew up as boy. This was a special place where he lived off nature spent time with his dog and was left alone to enjoy life. Soon into the movie he escapes and starts making his way back to the lake.<br /><br />It isn't long before the cops find him and Steckert grabs a child as a hostage to convince the police to back off. Soon Steckert and his hostage (the 2nd Martin) become best friends and have many fun adventures together--from robbing a toy truck to hi-jacking a train all on the way to this special lake.<br /><br />Throughout the movie Steckert has great flashbacks of him at the lake as a boy.<br /><br />I won't ruin the ending for you but I will tell you this movie is a must see. It is the BEST movie I have EVER seen in my life! I am without a doubt the biggest fan of this movie EVER! I managed to find the song that the two Martin's are singing throughout the movie ("I'm going back to where I come from...). I'm even planning a trip to Canada to see the lake and cottage where Martin's Day was filmed. Crazy I know--but that movie just means so much to me.
critique2555 This supernatural Peter Weir thriller is truly one of the most haunting and fascinating movies ever seen. Richard Chamberlain does his best performance here as the Australian lawyer who defends a group of young Aborigins accused of murder. As he gets closer on the case he discovers more about the main defendant Chris and not least about himself. Chris tells him that he is a Mulkurul which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in Australia thousands of years ago. At the same time extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the Aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the LAST WAVE the one that will drown the world.<br /><br />The dream sequences and the supernatural effects enhance this movie and make it a spectacular experience. Olivia Hamnett and David Gulpilil are solid in the supporting roles as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays Charlie the old Aborigin who can turn into an owl. The climax and the ending don't disappoint in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who fall flat after a promising hour or so. However this can not be called a pure thriller. It is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. A masterful work by Peter Weir the master of visually stunning dramas.
critique2556 A gem of a British caper-comedy. Poor American schlub Pinky Green (Richard Jordan playing another bad guy but this time an adorable one) gets out of a British jail and tries to go straight but his maintenance man job in a bank is too attractive for his never-reformed criminal friends headed up by a really nasty Ivan (David Niven in one of his last roles). Pinky resists but the lure of all that money is just too much for him. Things unravel and reravel and it's all joyous to watch. Jordan must have played 20 bad guys in his career but he never played the same one twice - this one is just too lovable to hate. Niven never played a slicker bad guy oil all over. Two fine actors we've lost that I wish we had back.
critique2557 Against All Flags is every bit the classic swashbuckler. It has all the elements the adventure fan could hope for and more for in this one the damsel in distress is well not really in distress. As Spitfire Stevens Maureen O'Hara is at her athletic best running her foes through in defiance of the social norms of the period. Anthony Quinn rounds out the top three billed actors as the ruthless Captain Roc Brasiliano and proves to be a wily and capable nemesis for Brian Hawke (Flynn). For the classic adventure fan "Against All Flags" is a must-see. While it may not be in quite the same league as some of Errol Flynn's earlier work (Captain Blood and The Sea Hawk for instance) it is still a greatly entertaining romp.
critique2558 My dog recently passed away and this was a movie I loved as a kid so I had to see it to try to cheer up.<br /><br />(Beware of Dog I mean Spoilers.) This movie isn't just for kids and it's far from ordinary. It was set in New Orleans in 1939. First and foremost the dog was not portrayed as an extra family member in this film but as an adult with his own complicated life to deal with.<br /><br />In the beginning Charlie is not too different from his dishonest and brutal business partner Carface. He is money driven greedy and just escaped death row as he states in the start of the feature. The difference between Charlie and Carface is that Charlie can learn and is willing to listen to others; Anne Marie and his sidekick Itchy. Carface will not even listen to the fat ugly dog with the big glasses who happens to be closest to him.<br /><br />Carface attempts to murder the hero because he wants 100% of the profits in their business and won't settle for only 50% - a highly unusual way for a German Shepherd mix to die. Also being eaten by a prehistoric sized alligator who ends up sparing your life because you can sing is highly unlikely whether you are a dog or not. This is a cartoon and that's why it is logical here.<br /><br />Carface's method of revenge is through murder while Charlie believes success is the best revenge financial success that is. After surviving death he starts a business by taking Carface's source of financing a highly talented girl who possesses the ability to communicate with animals. They win a whole bunch of races and Charlie tells her he'll give the money to the poor - hint hint: Charlie and Itchy live in a junkyard and are therefore poor. He uses the money toward his casino/bar/theatre and not the other "poor." The reason why Anne Marie has the ability to talk to animals is that she has compassion and she listens carefully. She teaches Charlie ethics by pointing out his gambling lying and stealing. Charlie tries to make up for it by buying her dresses. She added the ethics that his business needed while Charlie did management and Itchy provided construction.<br /><br />Carface uses violence and property damage to tear down Charlie's business which is unprotected by the government. Charlie loses everything and all he has left is this little girl. In the end he had to choose between her life and his own. He first grabs the watch out of self preservation and sets it down when the girl started to sink. Both the girl and the watch were sinking and he had to choose which one and he chose the girl.<br /><br />The great part about this movie that focuses on a person's ability to learn right from wrong over time and a child's ability to cope with the natural occurrence of death of their pet is that it never shows anyone dying! The watch symbolizes his life and the watch is shown being submerged and stopped. All the deaths were suggestive even for the villain. I didn't cry during this movie until now and I have gotten so much more out of it that I had to write it down and share it with you.
critique2559 Police story brought Hong Kong movies to modern day cinema.<br /><br />Jackie plays a policeman who tries to catch some drug dealers and at the same time take care of a young woman from the bad guys and still take care of his relationship with his girlfriend Selina (Brigitte Lin).<br /><br />The movie features plenty of stunts not only from Jackie but also from other actors (who are now in Jackies stunt club).<br /><br />Three of Jackie's stunt members went to hospital during filming on the film.<br /><br />The movie also have some incredible fights scenes like ''the car park fight'' and ''the shoppingmal fight ranks as one of Jackie's finest.<br /><br />The movie also won award for best movie and best action design by Jackie Chan at Hong Kong film awards.<br /><br />Everyone who loves Jackie Chan and/or martial art movies shud see this
critique2560 Rush in Rio is simply an amazing DVD. This concert is one of the peak moments of the history of Rush and they deliver their music brilliantly and with more power than ever.<br /><br />I was lucky enough to actually be in this concert and not only that I was in the very first row grabbing the gate that separated the audience from the stage!! It's the first and only time I've seen a Rush concert live and it was a dream come true for me. I have no words to accurately describe this experience but I can tell you it is one of the highlights of my life.<br /><br />Some people complain about the sound of this DVD saying it is not very clear and polished but the sound you listen is real true to how it was in the concert. It is raw and powerful and so authentic that every time I watch it I go back and re-live that beautiful moment. Many artists record live shows and then they make a lot of tweaking so the final product is far from what the actual concert really was. Sure you can achieve a very sophisticated and polished sound this way but you don't get the real thing. This is not the case with Rush in Rio this is the real deal!! I admit that I enjoy those fancy sounding concert DVD's I love music and the sound is a very important aspect but it's refreshing to listen to a concert that is so honest. You listen to Rush just the way they sound in a live performance no tricks no tweaks. This is a real live concert DVD.<br /><br />I highly recommend Rush in Rio the set-list is fantastic and the performances by Geddy Alex and Neil are mind-blowing. Not to mention the crowd you can see how much they love Rush and sing along to every tune even YYZ which is an instrumental!! I actually appear singing twice; in Tom Sawyer I sing "always hopeful yet discontent" and in Earthshine I sing "only reflect". It's just a few seconds but I simply couldn't believe my eyes when I saw myself in a rush DVD!! Awesome!! I hope you enjoy this magnificent concert from the greatest band on Earth.
critique2561 Even if it's not labeled as a Slasher flick it has all the elements. The fact that slashers are well known for it's low budget lame plot cheesy effects and everything you may add it doesn't means that there can't be good slasher movies. "Opera" fills the description. Even though it's part of Italian giallo; which is far from being a slasher sub-genre.<br /><br />Dario Argento proves that he deserves the label of one of the best directors in Horror. "Opera" is one of the most stylish Horror movies from the past 30 years. Though the movie takes place in a beautiful shinning place; the situations and gore turns it to be one of the scariest places ever used in a Horror movie. <br /><br />I think of "Opera" as a stylish Slasher although there's in depth plot and character development. The cheese factor often used in most Slasher flicks is not present here but in exchange we got a suspenseful visually stunning gore tale. The movie's plot is simple (as in every Slasher). There's a psycho in the opera that is somewhat obsessed with the lead actress/singer and forces her to watch gruesome deaths. The death scenes are extremely gruesome and are the best thing about the movie. The infamous "peep-hole" death scene is the highlight of the movie in my opinion. It's a terrific death scene that none other than Argento could release. The knife through the neck (and mouth) is another gruesome scene but less violent than the scissors death. The gore in "Opera" will please the wicked and lovers of violence.<br /><br />What I didn't like about the movie is the lack of coherence or logic. I mean after watching the first death the lead female calmed as if nothing happened gets a ride home and doesn't makes much of a big deal about what she saw. Also she's left alone in home and doesn't take security measures. Still the suspense in the movie makes you forget the lack of logic. Argento knows how to create tension and how to scare the subconscious. For example when Betty's friend tells her that someone was watching her from outside she freaks out and sets suspense in case that something happens. <br /><br />The direction of the movie is great. For an Italian giallo it's excellent. Argento's creative POV shots are impressive. The ravens also added a creepy feeling to the movie. Argento add his unique spice. <br /><br />"Opera" is one of the most underrated but popular through the Horror community for these reasons in my opinion: -the peep-hole death scene (brilliant) -the ravens attack in the end -the opera setting -the knife through the neck and mouth -the heavy metal score combined with Opera music (this music never freaked me out before) -the killer's ferocity<br /><br />The only thing I don't like about "Opera" is the heavy metal songs used in death scenes. It's OK to disturb the audience but I think that the Opera music could've added a creepier feeling. Still the "shocking" use of heavy metal is a singular disturbing aspect in the movie.<br /><br />Watch "Opera" even if you don't like gore. There's a lot of suspense and tension that could scare the most skeptical person. This is no "Suspiria" but it deserves to be among Argento's finest.
critique2562 Listening to the soundtrack at the moment the images come back with a vividness that makes my longing for a dry eye very strong (in order to be able to type this). I've seen it twice thus far and I should be ashamed for having seen it *only* twice.<br /><br />I've seen all Miyazaki & Studio Ghibli films and they are invariably nothing less than masterpieces (except maybe for Nausicaa which was even in the non-cut up version too premature compared to the nec-plus-ultra manga). Still their strength sometimes becomes their weakness as they tend to get too naive/positive (Chihiro) or with more nuance a bit too explicit/moralist (Mononoke). At least compared to for example the other Ghibli master Takahata (Grave of the Fireflies / Only Yesterday / Raccoon Wars). But not this one.<br /><br />In Laputa Miyazaki pours all the brilliant storytelling that tellers of tales have gathered and perfected over the ages combined with a bit of morale but nicely interwoven with not only a completely transcendental atmosphere but also with the humor and amusement of for example Totoro. Every single main character is perfectly portrayed with their doubts and fears and their qualities that help them overcome difficulties. The pacing is so perfect that I know of nothing except a black hole that would be able to exert such a gravitational pull on your whole being. The story sets out as an action flic with mysteries hinted at but when the girl falls from the sky unconscious floating with the stone and the main theme kicks in you get a glimpse of the grand mystery you're about to uncover but the story then settles and gradually over a number of carefully selected scenes of action and serene beauty builds to an unforgettable climax of melancholy hope beauty - like following days of sombre gloom finally seeing the horizon on a clear morning knowing the path walked seeing the distance ahead but smiling at the mere fact of being able to catch a glimpse of it.<br /><br />It is so like an exploding white light in your skull that if by the time the credits start rolling you have kept your eyes dry and your mind numb you should see a therapist.<br /><br />Despite the fact that technically-image-wise some more recent Miyazakis might be more overwhelming this to me remains his undisputed masterpiece. If you take a fraction of a second to realise that this was made back in 1986 you can only come to the conclusion that Hayao Miyazaki is a genius like a star that appears only once every 200 years. This of course has been suggested before but to me this is his only film that can on its own fully illustrate that simple fact. If you miss this during your lifetime you'll die with a huge gap - which would be a pity as the coffin costs the same.
critique2563 Julie Brown hilariously demolishes Madonna's attempt at a rockumentary with gut ripping humor and truly original and catchy songs that rival Madonna's own. Cinematography and sets are top notch.<br /><br />Kathy Griffin and Chris Elliott offer their own injections of comedy that enhances and compliments this film. Appearances by Bobcat Goldthwait and Wink Martindale as themselves is an added bonus.<br /><br />It's hard to tell if Brown's performance is meant to insult or playfully tease Madonna though I hardly think the Material Girl would find humor in it.<br /><br />My Favorite line: "Why don't you come here (to the Phillipines); all they eat is dog and I'm a vegetarian."
critique2564 ...and I love it. Lots of special effects and for a movie that's not made on mega budget this movie really does great job of creating a fantasy masterpiece. I'm one of the guys who didn't understand the story at all but this was still a great flick to watch. It's definitely up there in standards surpassing Bored of the Rings and on par with movies like Harry Potter. Which is saying a lot for a movie again made on a fraction of the budget of these international hits.<br /><br />One thing I really love about this movie is that it so stretches the envelope of adventure movie to come out of Hong Kong. The topic is exotic and original. Production quality is unlike anything seen coming out of HK for fantasy action movie and acting is great.<br /><br />One of the best movies to come out of Hong Kong this is the Infernal Affairs of Hong Kong fantasy movie and I hope they'll continue working in this area until they surpass Hollywood adventure movies.<br /><br />Just fantastic.
critique2565 Although it has been remade several times this movie is a classic if you are seeing it for the first time. Creative dialog unique genius in the final scene it deserves more credit than critics have given it. Highly recommended one of the best comedies of recent years
critique2566 This is a film.. not porn.<br /><br />This is a wonderful film!!! Full of tender moments and memories!! A beautiful piece of work!!! Excellent!!! For intelligent viewers only!!!<br /><br />If you are a film lover. A romantic. A person who has loved deeply this is your film!!!!<br /><br />It has a beautiful surreal quality. Fine acting and directing. Watching this film made me remember my first love.<br /><br />Thi is a film for those who want to reflect on life love and the meaning of loss.<br /><br />Highly recommended for all film lovers.
critique2567 It is now clear that the true golden age of American film was from the mid-60s until just before the release of Star Wars. Before then there was too much Hays Code-constricted pap. With Star Wars the green light was lit for most films to be directed at children and morons a practice which continues to this day. THE SEVEN-UPS truth be told contains a couple hackneyed lines of dialogue -- "We can do this the easy way or we can do it the hard way" is one -- but I'm damned if I can find anything else wrong with it. (In fact that line may not even have been stale when this film was made.) THE SEVEN-UPS demonstrates all that was right with the best films of the golden age: sparse dialogue realistic acting real locations (winter in a dirty New York has never looked better/worse) propulsive stories and yes the best car chase ever filmed. Bill Hickman is the driver Scheider is chasing (you will recognize him from Bullitt) and the structure of the chase is fairly similar to the McQueen one but I prefer Scheider's facial intensity here the pacing the terrific close-ups of the schoolchildren and the shattering conclusion. (That VW bug going about 2 mph always bothers me in the Bullitt chase.) A stringy screechy score by Don Ellis sets the perfect mood. THE SEVEN UPS: bleak grim action-oriented grown-up. This is a film that couldn't be made today; there's no "gimmick" for the kiddies or preposterous ending. Thank you Philip D'Antoni Roy Scheider and Tony Lo Bianco: for as long as cop films are watched THE SEVEN-UPS and its 1970s brethren (e.g. THE FRENCH CONNECTION) will set the standard.
critique2568 this is a great movie. i like it where ning climbs down to get his ink and the skeletons chase him but luckily he dodged them opened the window and didn't even notice them. xiao qian is very pretty too. & when he stuck the needle up ma Wu's butt its hysterical. and when he is saying love is the greatest thing on earth while standing between two swords is great too. then also the part where he eats his buns while watching thew guy kill many people. then you see him chanting poems as he ran to escape the wolves. the love scenes are romantic xiao qian and ning look cute together. add the comic timing the giant tongue and u have horror romance comedy all at once. not to mention superb special effects for the 90s.
critique2569 This superb 40's post war classic tends to be overlooked these<br /><br />days. When it was released in 1945 it cleaned up at the 1946<br /><br />Oscars mostly at the expense of `It's A Wonderful Life.' Both films were up for best film  best<br /><br />director and best actor all won by Ã‚Â‘Best Years'. Frederic March <br /><br />and Dana Andrews along with an amateur actor Harold Russell ( a<br /><br />real life soldierwho lost both hands in an explosion) play the<br /><br />returning soldiers finding life is very different  from what they<br /><br />remember. Myrna Loy is superb as March's wife who has to keep<br /><br />the family together while he has been away.The tear jerking <br /><br />scene where March and Loy are reunited is magnificent. All three<br /><br />men find that they have problems readjusting to post war life not<br /><br />least Russell coming to terms with artificial hands and his finance<br /><br />(Cathy O'Donnell ) trying to be too helpful. Sam Goldywn is quoted that he doesn't care if the film makes no<br /><br />money at all as long as everyone in America sees the film so they<br /><br />will appreciate what these men went through. If any film is worth 10 out of 10 it is this one.
critique2570 Forever strong is one of those sports movies you can actually watch. It reminded me a lot of Remember the Titans because it included comedy sadness and just awesomeness. I saw it at a pre-screening and all my friends liked it and easily put it in their top 2 sport movies. The acting is great in the movie. Even though it is similar to Remember the Titans it there is something very unique about this movie. I feel this is definitely Oscar worthy and will receive many awards. Everybody should definitely go see this movie and it is worth your $10. I'm going to have to see it again when it comes out because it was that good. I cant say one bad thing about the movie.
critique2571 There is really no way to compare this motion picture to any other movie because no one has ever made anything like it and no one ever will. And it really should be seen in a theater to be fully appreciated. At the very least it deserves to be seen with a great sound system.<br /><br />I saw this movie on the day it opened in 1968 my senior year in high school. I went because I like science-fiction and wanted to see a "space" movie. Remember this film was made before the first moon landing.<br /><br />There we sat waiting for it to begin. But SURPRISE! There was no cartoon no coming attractions. The theater owner at the Cooper Theatre for some reason chose to play "The Star-Spangled Banner" with the lights still up so we all stood never did that at a movie before or since and then sat down again as it ended. Then the theatre went completely DARK and the strange overture began with the blank screen barely visible.<br /><br />The overture ended and my seat began to VIBRATE as the blue screen with the MGM lion appeared along with the first deep bass notes and then my senses were overwhelmed hearing "Also Sprach Zarathustra" for the first time in my life. The ride had just begun.<br /><br />(I highly recommend you watch this opening this film in a DARK room with your subwoofer turned up as high as possible to get the effect I felt in that theatre.) Of course it took quite awhile before we got to outer space and the movie that followed was anything but a science-fiction movie. INTERMISSION came (a good thing highly under-rated and unused these days) and we all looked at each other in wonder caught our breath and then the ride resumed wilder than before.<br /><br />I saw it 7 more times within the next year always in a real full size theater like all theaters were before multiplexes. I might have been "high" once but I didn't go to see it again and again because I was "tripping". I went because I knew I was seeing a work of art. It was SO DAMN BEAUTIFUL; the sound that you could feel in your bones followed by terrifying silence; the sights unimagined and unimaginable; the affection for HAL turning to terror. And of course WTF was Kubrick really trying to get across to me? Years and years and many more viewings later I understand it as well I think as I ever will. Read someone else's comments if you're looking for someone to explain it to you or search around the web you'll find "explanations" that's not my purpose in writing these comments.<br /><br />What I hope to do is encourage you to watch it patiently enjoy it's beauty the way you would enjoy watching a sunset while listening to the most beautiful music you know of (e.g Gayne Ballet Suite or the Blue Danube); savor it like you would a wonderful meal sip it like a fine wine; look and listen for the clues and the hidden symbols that ARE there. And then draw your own conclusions. Stanley Kubrick WANTED to SHARE some things with you that he found beautiful and he wanted you to think about where you. a human came from and where you're headed.<br /><br />If that's too much work for your brain and you can't see and hear and ponder the beauty and mystery of Kubrick's film then pardon my bluntness but your life is about as meaningful as that of a tapir or a pre-monolith ape. If you want mindless escape this isn't for you.<br /><br />But if you like sunsets thunderstorms harmonies in music mysteries and sensuality and can have an open mind this film will add something to your life.
critique2572 I really do not know what people have against this film but it's definitely one of my favourites. It's not preachy it's not anchored by it's moral it shouldn't be controversial. It's just God. Any possible God no matter the religion. And it's really funny.<br /><br />Jim Carry plays Bruce Nolan a TV reporter usually stuck on the lighter side of the news desperate to prove himself (more or less TO himself) that he can be taken seriously and do a good job in an anchor job. This drive is what is slowly driving his beautiful girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston) away. When the final straws are executed he's quick to not laugh but yell in the face of God who in turn gives Bruce his powers. Bruce then makes his life better for himself until he's guilted into helping others where he then continues to miss the point of his powers. Meanwhile his constant excitement about his own life makes him more selfish leaving his relationship on dangerous ground.<br /><br />OK that was kinda long. But as a plot it works well. The step-by-step fashion in which we meet the challenges of being God is much better than clustering his problems together and is able to hide itself fairly well.<br /><br />As you probably know from hearing about this movie in the first place Carrey's pitch-perfect acting stays in character (which luckily enough is him) and controls and gives atmosphere to the movie scene by scene. Whether they would admit it or not the role was written or rewritten exclusively for Carrey. Without him the humour would turn flat as humour is half execution. And the humour is very good in the first place. But without Carrey it would kinda feel like a It's a Wonderful Life wannabe.<br /><br />Jennifer Aniston is great and no matter what some may say does not act like the only excuse for the third act. At least you don't think that when you see her. She gives a heartfelt performance and makes you forget you're watching a movie she and Carrey feel very much like a real couple.<br /><br />The movie feels ggooooodd (see the movie to understand) has a very nice feeling tackles the idea appropriately and better than expected and overall should never have been called slapped together just to save Carrey's career (which wasn't goin' anywhere.).
critique2573 This was the film that first indicated to me what a great actor Martin Sheen really is. He modestly claims that Charlie is a better actor Charlie can't hold a candle to him.<br /><br />I found it suspenseful and thoroughly enjoyed the intertwining of the love story with the main plot (and I usually HATE love stories). There's a great plot twist at the end that struck me as being fully credible particularly in the early 80's time period and probably now also.<br /><br />The final scene had me on the edge of my seat. This film roundly illustrates that treachery is often doled out by those we trust while declared enemies have more in common than they suspect and finally that human compassion can be found where we least expect it.<br /><br />irenerose
critique2574 There is a need for this kind of entertainment in our modern world. You can watch "Ma and Pa" with adults with your family (kids any age or just by yourself like me. They are gentle but gentle is so refreshing in a society of kids killing kids a horrible war inappropriate prime time television and poverty. We don't even get a hint of where all of those children came from! Give me modern plumbing and I'll gladly become a Kettle. Humor does NOT require offensive language. It is hard to follow conversations in shows where every other word is bleeped. Relax take your shoes off and climb in your recliner with a good old-fashioned glass of lemonade and just breathe easy watching Ma sweeping the chickens off the table at lunch time! Pj
critique2575 The original The Man Who Knew Too Much brought Alfred Hitchcock acclaim for the first time outside of the United Kingdom. Of course part of the reason for the acclaim was that folks marveled how Hitchcock on such a skimpy budget as compared to lavish Hollywood products was able to provide so much on the screen. The original film was shot inside a studio.<br /><br />For whatever reason he chose this of all his films to remake Hitchcock now with an international reputation and a big Hollywood studio behind him (Paramount)decided to see what The Man Who Knew Too Much would be like with a lavish budget. This is shot on location in Marrakesh and London and has two big international names for box office. This was James Stewart's third of four Hitchcock films and his only teaming with Doris Day and her only Hitchcock film.<br /><br />I do wonder why Hitchcock never used Doris again. At first glance she would fit the profile of blond leading ladies that Hitchcock favored. Possibly because her wholesome screen image was at odds with the sophistication Hitchcock also wanted in his blondes. <br /><br />Doris does some of her best acting ever in The Man Who Knew Too Much. Her best scene is when her doctor husband James Stewart gives her a sedative before telling her their son has been kidnapped by an English couple who befriended them in Morocco. Stewart and Day play off each other beautifully in that scene. But Doris especially as she registers about four different emotions at once. <br /><br />Day and Stewart are on vacation with their son Christopher Olsen in Morocco and they make the acquaintance of Frenchman Daniel Gelin and the aforementioned English couple Bernard Miles and Brenda DaBanzie. Gelin is stabbed in the back at a market place in Marrakesh and whispers some dying words to Stewart about an assassination to take place in Albert Hall in London. Their child is snatched in order to insure their silence.<br /><br />For the only time I can think of a hit song came out of a Hitchcock film. Doris in fact plays a noted singer who retired from the stage to be wife and mother. The song was Que Sera Sera and I remember it well at the age of 9. You couldn't go anywhere without hearing it in 1956 it even competed with the fast rising Elvis Presley that year. Que Sera Sera won the Academy Award for Best Song beating out such titles as True Love from High Society and the title song from Around the World in 80 Days. It became Doris Day's theme song for the rest of her life and still is should she ever want to come back.<br /><br />In fact the song is worked quite nicely into the plot as Doris sings it at an embassy party at the climax.<br /><br />Instead of doing it with mirrors Hitchcock shot the assassination scene at the real Albert Hall and like another reviewer said it's not directed it's choreographed. You'll be hanging on your seats during that moment.<br /><br />This was remake well worth doing.
critique2576 Chen Kaige gives us magnificent depth of atmosphere. Yes it's a 'period piece' but Chen's artistic use of imagery makes it something more. The actors often behave like players using the stylized diction postures and facial expressions of Peking Opera. All the actors in a scene play to the 'back wall' even when addressing each other. They are like spirits of the past enunciating with powerful clarity a story with urgent meaning for those in the present. Combined with close attention to scale and masterful cinematography indoors and out "Jing ke ci qin wang" is a stunning tale told with great reverence in its own idiom that captivates completely.
critique2577 I first saw this film two years ago in the cinema and fell in love with this dark tale of two brooding teenage sisters coping at home in their large country house with their father and step-mother. Their relationship with their step-mother is strained to say the least with the step-mother appearing to be increasingly becoming unstable in her battles with the younger girls. The film though slants with Oriental style ghost effects and horror which adds a strange and unsettling aspect to the story that on first viewing is not clear but is all the more intriguing.<br /><br />The direction is incredibly good and the acting is stunning with the step-mother in particular incredibly good swinging from one mood style to another in the film. The large house adds eeriness and there are enough points in the film where you will jump out of your seat. This film to me clearly shows why Korean cinema is possibly the best most original in the world at the moment. You simply don't get anything like this in the Western World sadlyand really i can see it being influential on film makers around the world in the next decade.<br /><br />Highly recommended viewing in my opinion a real joy and scare...
critique2578 Ted Danson was a great choice to play Gulliver. Even though his background was mostly comedy he shows here that he can do drama just as well or perhaps even better (though there is a lot of humour in this). Hard to turn a blind eye to his American accent especially since his character is supposed to be English but that's just a minor thing.<br /><br />All the villains are equally well cast: James Fox Edward Fox Peter O'Toole Warwick Davis John Standing etc. Despite the fact that most of them are either tiny people or giants they are 100% believable in everything they do and their motivations are very clear e.g. the Lilliputians' unremitting suspicion of Gulliver Grildrig the (giant) dwarf's hatred of him for usurping his position as court jester Dr. Bates' attempt to have Gulliver proved insane so he can marry Mary.<br /><br />Mary Steenburgen is great as Mary Gulliver (another 17th Century English character with an American accent but never mind). She is a deeply tormented character because she has been waiting nine years for her husband to return home and when he finally does he is talking about tiny people giants a flying island and talking horses! Mary despite the strong fantasy element in the story is a very believable character.<br /><br />The special effects are breathtaking especially when you consider that it was filmed on a television scale at a time when CGI was in its infancy. It looks very realistic when we see a 6 foot tall man walking through a city filled with people who are 6 inches tall.<br /><br />The cameos are great as well: Omar Sharif Richard Wilson Sir John Gielgud Kristin Scott Thomas Ned Beatty. All great actors who create a strong supporting cast that complement Danson's superb acting ability.<br /><br />The Houynhnhms and the Yahoos are probably the most effective element of the story on the satire side of things: a society of talking horses who do not possess any of the vices that humans have while the Yahoos are primitive disgusting humans who mate forcefully and appoint their leader depending on how disgusting he is. Gulliver and Mistress' study of them is also very well done and displays the differences and similarities between humans and Yahoos.<br /><br />The best version of "Gulliver's Travels" by far and one of the best mini-series ever.
critique2579 This was the second of the series of 6 "classic Tarzan" movies featuring Johnny Weismuller in the title role and Maureen O'Sullivan as Jane.<br /><br />As usual this was a wonderful film in this series; and perhaps stands out as an "in between" film in a progression that could almost exemplify the development of cinema from the early 1930s into the 1940s. As such it displayed good pace though not as good as subsequent films. Likewise the cinematography is less accomplished than later Tarzan films in this series. The stock I saw was of uneven quality containing some grainy scenery and some under-exposed and over-exposed scenes. The crisp display of later Tarzan films is lacking here. On the other hand there is one scene very early on in which the jerky movements of a camera with foliage swishing in front of it as the camera backs up showing safari men forging ahead into the jungle was really almost modern in its style and stands in strong contrast to the stationary shots that make up the rest of the movie.<br /><br />Regarding plot one interesting feature here was Jane's near-fickleness and inconstancy when she was being subject to Martin's flirtations. The kiss Ã‚Â– and Jane's stunned and partly guilty reaction Ã‚Â– foreshadow something of the Jane we see in the future as well in these films. Compare for example in Tarzan Finds a Son! Jane's duplicitous actions tricking Tarzan and delivering Boy to his family. Later she admits to Tarzan that she was wrong. Here nothing quite so explicit but we have Jane "returning" to the Jane Parker of yesteryear and in an almost repentant series of actions stripping herself of the evening gown brought by Martin and Harry to entice her away from Tarzan.<br /><br />There were a whole series of depictions and sequences that especially struck me in this viewing.<br /><br />For one thing the picture we get of the domestic life of Tarzan is here as later a combination of sensual idyll with always the nearby possibility of violent death. This to me is very much at the core of the Tarzan experience.<br /><br />I was really surprised by some quite violent scenes even by today's standards.<br /><br />There were a whole series of scenes that gave me special pleasure: Tarzan leading the elephants into the Valley of the Elephants' Graveyard; Tarzan being rescued from watery death by the hippo and then nursed to health by the apes; Cheetah going to find Tarzan when Jane and the other men are trapped at the foot of the escarpment; Cheetah in particular crossing the river on the log. The final battle scenes of savages & lions on the ground and savages & apes in the trees. Jane showing us that she is truly of Tarzan's world now quickly displaying her enterprising woodcraft to work up a line of fire to keep the lions away.<br /><br />The final series of scenes is splendid: suddenly Tarzan is on the scene flinging savages from the trees and taking charge of the lions and summoning the elephants to the rescue! That final cry of Tarzan in triumph holding a happy Jane in his arms with a dancing and delighted Cheetah beside them is a memorably picture and really a fine summation of the story of Tarzan and Jane.<br /><br />All in all this is another wonderful classic Tarzan movie. I would recommend this movie strongly to anyone.
critique2580 As a huge fan of horror I had given up on the vampire sub-genre due to the fact that in most vampire flicks the vampire has become feminine and non-threatening benign and basically weak. This was the attitude I brought to a viewing of Soul's Midnight and I am happy to say that the vampires in this film at least have the hunger to kill old ladies and sacrifice babies! Armand Assante one of my favorite actors of all time was born to play the charming vampire with savage intensity. <br /><br />Another thing that interested me is that the central location is the Borgo Hotel. That is cool because (and I went back to my high school copy to look this up) in Dracula the Borgo Pass is where Jonathan Harker must pass to get to Dracula's castle.<br /><br />Finally my hats off to whoever made the decision to make the creature a real effect and not a darn CGI! That's the one thing great about many low-budget movies they cannot afford the garbage computer effects that plague many Hollywood monstrosities.<br /><br />Bottom line...this is better than Underworld for sure especially if you are a vampire purest. Cheers JA
critique2581 In an era where nearly every great horror film of the 60s and 70s is being remade for audiences weaned on horror flicks of today that are not too terribly good it is instructive to look back at John Carpenter's 1982 opus THE THING which itself is a remake--of a childhood favorite of the director's Howard Hawks' 1951 sci-fi/horror classic THE THING FROM OUTER SPACE. Although Carpenter's film was not initially that big a box office hit when released in mid-1982 it has since garnered a very large following.<br /><br />In fact Carpenter's film is less of a remake of Hawks' film than it is a reworking as he goes back to the original idea posited by the source material namely the John W. Campbell story "Who Goes There?" in which a US scientific crew in Antarctica is menaced by a shape-changing alien thawed out from the ice after 100000 years. Kurt Russell who had starred for Carpenter in the director's 1979 TV movie ELVIS and the 1981 film ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK heads a cast of stalwart character actors including Keith David Donald Moffat Richard Dysart and Richard Masur in this tension-filled exploration of paranoia as the shape-changing "thing" which first comes to their camp in the form of a guide dog a Norwegian team is trying to kill takes over each of them one by one. It isn't long before everybody in the camp begins to mistrust his fellow man. The ending of the film in which Russell and David are the only ones left has a disturbing and chilling ambiguity akin to the similar codas to both THE BIRDS and STRAW DOGS.<br /><br />Almost universally when the subject of THE THING is bought up the emphasis is on the extremely gory special effects make-up and alien designs created by Rob Bottin who had worked with Carpenter on the 1980 horror classic THE FOG and on Joe Dante's 1981 werewolf film THE HOWLING. These effects are indeed quite spectacular and graphic and even today they can also be quite stomach-turning. But all of this would make Carpenter's film nothing more than a high-end splatter epic if the direction the story and the acting weren't up to snuff; and thankfully each of them are. When he's not concentrating on the enormously gruesome transformation sequences Carpenter builds suspense in the same Hitchcock-influenced way that informed his previous films HALLOWEEN and THE FOG with cinematographer Dean Cundey's prowling camera-work particularly through the corridors of the station a significant help. The acting enhances an already-fine screenplay adaptation by Bill Lancaster; and we are also given a taut score by Ennio Morricone whose work on director Sergio Leone's classic 1960s Italian spaghetti westerns is well known to all including of course Carpenter himself. THE THING also features additional fine visual effects from Albert Whitlock (who worked on many Hitchcock films including THE BIRDS) and Roy Arbogast who worked on CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND and JAWS 2.<br /><br />Carpenter's film was not the success it could have been because Universal chose to release this graphic shocker a mere two weeks after it had released Steven Spielberg's far more family-friendly E.T.: THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL (not surprisingly critics and audiences at the time favored Spielberg's excellent film over Carpenter's equally excellent but exceedingly different one). Also most of the horror film box office business in 1982 was going to another Spielberg-produced film POLTERGEIST. As a result at a cost of $15 million THE THING suffered from lack of attention in its time.<br /><br />Over time however many have come to see Carpenter's film for what it is--an extremely gory but extremely intelligent combination of science fiction and horror done with a great deal of flair and a true understanding of the psychological paranoia at the heart of its story. Though it is still quite gruesome THE THING should be as much remembered for the skill by which the story is put together as it is for the gory alien designs and make-up effects; for it is the storytelling skill and the suspense that make it so memorable in the final analysis.
critique2582 As I recall my family made a point to stay home on the night "Nichols" was on (Mondays? Tuesdays? NBC?). It was a superb vehicle for James Garner very well written great ensemble cast. His character very much like the "Support Your Local..." films: Retired gambler with mysterious past settles into town and has adventures every week. In fact it seemed fairly obvious that it was the same character. It was just a charmer of a TV show. A sleeper like "My World And Welcome To It" which may have been its contemporary--I forget. I dearly wish these shows would be made available on DVD. It was Just Good TV. Perhaps "Briscoe County Jr." come close but only by a mile.
critique2583 I saw this film 12 years ago on TNT. It was Susanah York's Birthday and they were showing this film as a double feature with Tom Jones (1963). I have not seen this film on TV since. I took interest in seeing this film because one of the stars is the very funny and talented Jim Dale as Lusty the sailor. I believe that Dale now does the narration of the Harry Potter books on Casette but anyway he is quite funny. This is a fast paced comedy. It is not on VHS or DVD. Columbia Pictures should go through their film collection and consider restoring and releasing this film to DVD. Christopher Plummer is hilarious as Lord Fopington Ian Bannen is also quite humorous as Ramble the sailor. This is a bawdy comedy the kind of film one no longer sees with great production values. ***1/2 stars out of ****
critique2584 The producers of this picture are Hungarians. It's not by crazy artistic momentum that X and Z are capitalized in the titles considering that the word 'isten' means 'god' in Hungarian. - By the way David Isten is the word for God in Hungarian... - Hum... Is that so ? <br /><br />Let's consider this movie as 'A History Of Violence' science-fictional sibling. Both films have in common the strength of blowing up respective genres ; thriller and drama in the 2005 one and 'none FX-ed as hell' science fiction in the one we're looking at right now. Everything he does have a meaning and is surrounded by details : The nod to Phil K. Dick (who wrote "In The Days of Perky Pat") by creating a 'Perky Pat' fast-food restaurant. The nod to Stanley Kubrick by using 2001's naming pattern ; as IBM became HAL (one letter down in the alphabet) in the 1968 movie in eXistenZ 'classic lubricant spray' WD-40 becomes XE-60 (one letter up) when Allegra cleans up Pikul's port. The nod to David Cronenberg by using Videodrome's witty kind of formula ('Death to...' & 'Long Live'..) and by taking another medium for central theme of a picture (tv in Videodrome Video games and virtual reality in eXistenZ In 1983 you penetrated a TV set. In 1999 you're penetrated by a game. Welcome to Canada!)<br /><br />The nod to good taste by getting Peter Suschitzky's cinematography Howard Shore's music and Ronald Sanders's editing (a team that wins). For everyone born in the early 80's with a super famicom a genesis or an arcade stick in the hands this movie rings a bell. Enough with the nods. The plot ? "Jennifer Jason Leigh stars as a game designer (Allegra) who creates a virtual-reality game that taps into the players' minds" as we can see on the movie main details page. That's the story in the story. To me this picture is about a 'reality demonstrators' young couple infiltrating the 'brand new virtual game' presentation session to destroy its programmer. I assume that what we see in the last five minutes is reality if there's such thing as reality. Jennifer Jason Leigh is always playing a game designer in the game they're in and the end of the movie IS the reality with video games freaks giggles big hairy dogs 'Cronenbergy realistic' plastic textures (helmets and stuff) and 9mm handguns. What you see is true. They play transcendenz during an hour or so (in this game there's a game (eXistenZ) in which JJL plays eXistenZ's genius programmer and Jude -Pikul - Law a marketing trainee associated with Allegra's game) they play eXistenZ because Allegra is very concerned about her pod's health (the thing you plug your nervous system in in order to play) she has to plug herself and Pikul in then wins the game (Transcendenz) and back in the reality they kill Yevgeny Nourish TranscendenZ programmer.<br /><br />Playing eXistenZ and TranscendenZ is about facing your essence face your subconscious while its creating a virtual reality you'll have to overcome in unexpected ways to win the game (by playing the game the girl playing Allegra the 'reality demonstrator' turns into Allegra a 'virtuality goddess').<br /><br />What game would Heidegger have played to feel his abstract da-sein term ? To be truly engaged in the world ?<br /><br />And what about Nietschze (Yes Friedrich God is dead and you know what ? Willem Dafoe stands for him! - God The Mecanic -) ??? <br /><br />Yes we do construct a narrative for ourselves and losing this thread we follow from one day to the next disintegrate people as personalities ; eXistenZ's discusses the fact that reality is the whole perception of itself by anyone who engaged it truly. And we could sometimes get some neat stuff ; a perception of virtuality in virtuality in reality.
critique2585 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique2586 Shame is a Swedish film in Swedish with English subtitles. The film is about a husband and wife named Jan and Eva. They live on an island working as farmers. There is a war going on and soldiers start attacking people on the island. Once the war subsides a little Jan and Eva are arrested as going along with the opposite side. Once released even more trouble ensues and the film shows how two ordinary people will act in a situation of war and life or death. Winner of The CEC Award for Best Foreign Film at The Cinema Writers Circle Awards The Guldbagge Award for Best Actress (Liv Ullman who plays Eva) at The Guldbagge Awards The NBR Award for Best Foreign Language Film and Best Actress at The National Board Of Review and The NSFC Award for Best Actress Best Director (Ingmar Bergman) and Best Film at The National Society Of Film Critics Awards. Shame has good direction a good script good performances by both Max Von Sydow (who plays Jan) and Liv Ullman (who plays Eva) good cinematography and good production design. Shame is a well acted and well made story of how people in a desperate situation will sometimes do whatever they can do in order to survive. The film has a powerful message and is a good film. The reason I'am not rating this film higher is because it is not a masterpiece like some other Ingmar Bergman films like Wild Strawberries The Seventh Seal or Persona for example. The film didn't have as big an impact on me as I thought it would and it lacked Ingmar Bergman's thoughtful and philosophical dialog. While nowhere close to being one of his best films there is still a lot to like about Shame and it is a good movie. I just probably would have liked it more having not seen some of those other Bergman masterpieces.
critique2587 Not your ordinary movie but a good one. Billy Bob is very funny in this movie the way he talks what he says etc. I was kind of surprised when i saw it cause i just thought it was a normal comedy but it was more than that. It had a very good story great characters and a good balance.<br /><br />Favorite part: Probably when Billy Bob is running around in his robe shooting at the rippers
critique2588 In this little film we have some great characters but a very shallow plot. It is actually nice to watch because Singleton does a great job at presenting the esoteric conflicts and the interpersonal relationships. This makes the viewer forget the nonexistent realism that this movie supposedly is for. In fact what we have here is all the possible cliches and stereotypes put on celluloid in a rate higher than that of a soap. Definitely not a deep movie (even if it wants to be) but better than an average college movie.
critique2589 I really enjoyed the first episode and am looking forward to more. A little soft on the crime front (it's almost an afterthought and not terribly suspenseful or fleshed out) but thought the romance angle was wonderfully charming. Will be watching again for sure! <br /><br />I'm hoping that they'll have a bigger role for the aunts who are wonderful actresses and were somewhat underused this time around. The actress who plays the assistant/waitress (also from Bewitched I think) is very sweet and bubbly and comes off as nicely dorky and sweet instead of dumb and annoying which is very nice.<br /><br />Check it out.
critique2590 This is an amazing movie from 1936. Although the first hour isn't very interesting (for the modern viewer) the stylish vision of the year 2036 that comes afterwords makes up for it. However don't plan on being able to understand all of the dialog - the sound quality and accents (it's American - but "1930s" American) make it difficult.<br /><br />Basically the story is a sweeping 100 year look at a fictional US town called "Everytown". It spans from 1936 when a war is on the horizon to 2036 when technology leaps forward and creates its own problems.<br /><br />The first one hour is a bit slow - although it's tough to tell what audiences back then would have thought. The events suspense and visuals are pretty low-key in today's terms. However when it gets to the future it's just plain fun to watch. The large sets and retro sci-fi look of everything is hard to beat.<br /><br />Unless you have great listening abilities this movie is hard to listen to. I think I understood only 80% of the dialog. It could use closed-captioning.<br /><br />If you're a sci-fi fan this is one of the genre's classics and is a must see (well at least after the first hour). For the average viewer wait until there's a closed caption version and then watch it if you're comfortable with movies of this time period.
critique2591 I came out of "Dark Blue World" feeling (sigh) 'so sad' yet it was definitely a film needed to be made and it's truly well done from Czech Republic. It's entertaining in spite of the 'sad' premise. It is full of feelings the bonding and undeniably true friendship between the two lead characters - one mature lieutenant pilot (Ondrej VetchÃƒÂ½ as Franta) and the young & ever-so-eager budding pilot (Krystof HÃƒÂ¡dek as Karel) the inevitable love triangle and the now and then reminders of the grim prison situations in Czechoslovakia in the '50s. It's all in one film put together by the father screenwriter and son director team Zdenek and Jan SverÃƒÂ¡k (previous achievement being the lovable "Kolya").<br /><br />It's not as long as "East-West" (French "Est-Ouest") 1999 which was heart wrenching multi-layered story about a returning Russian doctor and French wife's ill-fates after WWII in Russia. The plot of "TmavomodrÃƒÂ½ svet" (title in Czech) is quite straightforward and has sprinkles of light humor. Music songs of WWII England sung in Czech modest special effects of pilots and air crafts in the sky - not elaborate like Hollywood - there's no need to be bing bang boom all the time when showing air battle scenes. The sadness was explained up front in the beginning (two paragraphs in English) and wrap up with follow up paragraphs. The film is not totally subtitled only when translating the Czech conversations - the rest are in English be it very British or in Czech accents. (So it's a foreign film with English language and includes British actors.) <br /><br />The three lead performances especially of the two Czech pilots were wonderfully delivered. There are nuances between the two of them even though it's the steadily mature vs. the eagerly young. I always appreciate Tara Fitzgerald: yes there's "Brassed Off" 1996 opposite Ewan McGregor and Pete Postlethwaite; remembered her from "Hear My Song" 1991 opposite Adrian Dunbar and Ned Beatty; opposite Hugh Grant in "Sirens" 1994 and "The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill and Came Down a Mountain" 1995 besides her appearances in PBS Masterpiece Theatre mini-series. <br /><br />'So sad' - the fact that heroes defending one's country can be so ill fatedly treated and for so long (40 years). Thank goodness for worthwhile memories and the imprints of friendship unforgettable. Hence the pause for a ray of sunshine through a stain glass window (ironic or coincidental that it's of a church where the hard labor took place) - symbolic of hope never give upÃ‚Â… <br /><br />Other recent films that have stories needed to be told: "Kandahar" (with Nelofer Pazira as Nafas the Canadian from Afghanistan taking a journey to Kandahar with a personal 'mission' in mind) more than meets the eye behind a burqa by Iranian director Mohsen Makhmalbaf. "Everything Put Together" (with Radha Mitchell as a new mother facing SID - sudden infant death) insightful film by Swiss director Marc Forster and his much talked about controversial film "Monster's Ball" (I've yet to catch) with Halle Berry Billy Bob Thornton and Peter Boyle. See the films without prior expectations or comparisons to films before. Just see it.
critique2592 What a wonderful film filled with eccentric unique characters who are wonderfully realized by a great ensemble cast. The director also did a great job keeping the story held together getting those wonderful performances (on not messing with them) and using music (and what wonderful music it is) to great effect. S. Epatha in the lead role is great. I had always heard what a brilliant stage actor she is and although I have enjoyed her on Law and Order this really shows what she can do with a filled out complex role. Macy Gray is terrific Mos Def as usual wonderful. Lou Gossett great. Jimmy Smits terrific and doesn't try to pull focus because he's a star. A true piece of ensemble acting. <br /><br />Rent it enjoy it groove to it and treasure it. Something special.
critique2593 Ti%s and As* lots of boobies. Some great characters fun filled pranks and well put together teen action in this spin off of the Amercan Pie franchise. This feels like really OLD SCHOOL. It feels a bit like Porkys for the 2000's. Some great funny characters combined with some very humorous situations make this one a real surprise for me.<br /><br />Whilst the original cast is all but gone except for one this movie I found really entertaining. Lets not get too excited you have to take it for the booby teen comedy that it is but for what it is it excels. The characters are likable and funny the girls are hotter than hell. The fun and games are hilarious with some stuff I've never seen before in comedies they make me cringe but laugh at the same time.<br /><br />So ignore the haters and give this a run and see what you think. Don't expect the classic American Pie but expect something that should make you laugh and spark your attention for an hour or so.
critique2594 My 5 year old daughter is very into the Barbie series of movies. I've had mixed feelings about that - not wanting her to buy into the whole Barbie-doll image of things and recognizing that the movies are a marketing ploy to convince young girls to buy more dolls and make more money for Mattel. This morning though she asked me to watch this movie with her and - it being a lazy Saturday morning and with not much else to do - I agreed. I don't know if the movies have been made to help market the dolls which seem to be losing their appeal a bit from what I've heard or if the dolls are there to market the movies (or more likely a bit of both) but whichever is the case I have to admit - somewhat to my surprise this wasn't half bad.<br /><br />It's a fun and imaginative story full of magical places and people and memorable characters (both good and evil.) Essentially Annika ("played" by Barbie) has to find a way to build a "wand of light" to reverse the evil spells of the wizard Wenlock who among other things has turned her sister into a flying horse and her parents into stone. The animation here was pretty good - not Disney-calibre (if one thinks of Disney as the standard to aspire to) but generally pretty good and while the movie is obviously tailored to young girls rather than middle-aged men I still found there were enough twists and turns to make me wonder how it was all going to turn out. It's true that there were some holes in the story or at least some logical inconsistencies but again one must remember the target audience who wouldn't really think of such things. This is an all around decent family movie. 7/10
critique2595 Compared to this Tarkovsky is a speed freak.<br /><br />Compared to this Bela Tarr is MTV.<br /><br />Compared to this the movie "Russian Ark" is a roller-coaster ride.<br /><br />I've just described 3 of the sllllowwwwwesssstttt experiences I've ever known and this one tops them all. But that's not saying it's bad. On the contrary I really liked it. But it was a chore.<br /><br />I won't describe the plot because you can easily find that elsewhere. Suffice it to say that the plot is INSANE. It's one of the most creative and bizarre ideas since "Becoming John Malkovich". I believe the interesting plot is the main reason I kept from nodding off (also the humour was nice. That's something we rarely see in slow artsy films).<br /><br />Here we see a bizarre reversal of the norm. Most movies have little plot & little substance; yet they fill 90 mins with a lot of eyecatching images to keep us enthralled. But "The Hole" has 100% plot/theme without much to please the eyes. In that respect I suppose it's a truly intellectual experience much like reading a painfully verbose novel like Thackaray's "Vanity Fair" (which I've NEVER been able to finish!).<br /><br />If you have a tremendous attention span I think you'll really like this film. Despite its molassessy pace it's highly creative and imaginative. It's like Jean-Pierre Jeunet on quaaludes and with a drab dusty camera lens. Best of luck.
critique2596 Rich alcoholic Robert Stack falls in love with secretary Lauren Bacall. He marries her and is so happy he stops drinking. However Bacall is secretly loved by Stacks' best friend Rock Hudson. And Stacks' nymphomaniac sister Dorothy Malone lusts after Rock. Throw in a few complications and the movie goes spinning out of control (in a good way).<br /><br />Very glossy movie in beautiful Technicolor with jaw-dropping fashions and furnishings (check out Bacall's hotel room at the beginning). Everybody looks perfect and dresses in beautiful form-fitting clothes. Basically this is a soap opera with grade A production values. The story itself is lots of fun and some of the dialogue at the beginning is hilariously over the top. The acting by Hudson Stack and Bacall isn't that good but seeing them so young and glamorous is great...especially Stack...when he smiled my knees went weak! Dorothy Malone on the other hand is fantastic--she deservedly won Best Supporting Actress for her role. She's sexy violent vicious and sympathetic...all convincingly. <br /><br />Fun glossy trash. Don't miss it!
critique2597 This solid black and white slapstick comedy with a dark (but hopelessly contrived) plot is a true crowd pleaser that will have you howling with laughter (as well as rolling your eyes with disbelief).<br /><br />It's the old psychopath on a train story but that is of no big importance as the thriller portion of the film almost seems to be merely a counterweight to the antics of the great comedian Robert Gustafsson. His hapless nearly incurably optimistic soldier invokes both compassion and schadenfreude in a fashion that almost rivals Chevy Chase.<br /><br />The thing about the film that appealed to me the most however is that wedged between the improbable and the hilarious are the accurately portrayed everyday joys and nuisances of train travel. They add a most welcome sense of realism and recognition.<br /><br />This thriller comedy has admittedly borrowed most of its "suspense" from Hitchcock and should in my opinion only be watched for its comedy value (which is high indeed). Besides Gustafsson Lars Amble's solid performance as a delightfully cynical misogynist is worth the price of admission alone.<br /><br />Heartily recommend.
critique2598 Do you like really inventive comedy or do you love "the wedding crashers" if the answer is the latter stop reading now. I can't believe this movie is not higher rated. Basically Meadows plays a character not unlike Austin Powers.There are so many inventive moments in this gagorama. From crudity - Leon playing with himself on the porch the ex boyfriend tricked into eating . . Oh well. To inspired lunacy- clown sex  the Broadway routine the voice over. Meadows is great as the childish but very sweet natured Leon. Some great lines "don't blame the wang" "freaky deaky sex world" too many. . . Why this movie wasn't huge is a mystery. Great comedy.
critique2599 Although this show has been off the air since 1973 after viewing a DVD set I borrowed at our library I felt compelled to say a bit about it.<br /><br />I can remember when it was the only color show on television in the 1960s and sometimes there would be a little "Sunday Night Party" with friends to watch this on NBC on one of the few color televisions.<br /><br />I really enjoy history not so much for the names and dates but how it influences us today and how so much can be so profound based on the most inconsequential actions of the time. Case in point: Virginia City Nevada which became one of the richest cities in the world because of the silver got its name from a character named "Old Virginny" who in the town's early days stumbled out of a saloon fell and broke his whiskey bottle.<br /><br />Old Virginny didn't want to waste the occasion so as the precious liquid was seeping into the dirt he decided to christen the town "Virginia Town". The area became known as the Comstock Lode because another character Henry Comstock had the reputation of trying to jump everyone's claim and the area became known as the Comstock Lode.<br /><br />I just watched an early episode that dealt with these 2 subjects. Other episodes dealt with Mark Twain's literary rise while a reporter for the Territorial Enterprise...<br /><br />It was wholesome (and frequently educational) family entertainment. As someone else remarked each episode would really be considered a movie in its own right - rich scripts and characters. <br /><br />One thing it twisted the truth on was the proximity to Virginia City and the Ponderosa. In truth to ride from the Ponderosa (all of Northern Lake Tahoe) one would have to ride his horse about 3000 feet (1000 meters) down the Spooner Summit to the high desert (3000-4000 feet) of the Carson Valley then another 30-40 miles to Virginia city.<br /><br />Needless to say the Cartwrights would have some sore rear ends doing this on a regular basis. But every writer should have some leeway with the truth.<br /><br />How I miss that show even today.
critique2600 In my work with the only nationwide non-profit organization Security On Campus Inc. dedicated exclusively to the issue of college campus crime prevention and student awareness I see all too often the type of campus violence and `cover-up' through secret campus courts portrayed in the movie `Silencing Mary.' In fact we receive numerous calls and requests for information every month from campus reporters such as `Mary' who are facing similar situations.<br /><br />Its depiction of a campus rape and the subsequent crusade by `Mary' the victim's roommate and a student journalist played exceedingly well by Melissa Joan Hart for justice was very well done and accurately researched.<br /><br />This was the first television movie that I have ever seen that I felt truly reflected and encompassed all of the various complex issues associated with how rape and other violent crimes are dealt with on our nation's college and university campuses. Although it would not be possible to address all of these issues in depth in 2 hours this movie comes closer than any others I've seen.
critique2601 This is probably the best cinematic depiction of life in a Manhattan ad agency: the pressure to perform; client and agency demands; the parties; the creativity; the money; the cool surface with powerful corporate undercurrents. <br /><br />Toss in parenthood for Dustin Hoffman. <br /><br />The movie is textured and deep. It follows his internal relationship as he tries to understand and live with what's going on; his relationship with Meryl Streep (and her friend who becomes his friend) and his the relationship with his son. <br /><br />While Meryl Streep was great did she set the record for least screen time to win an Oscar? She sure can deliver when she is on though.
critique2602 As well as being a portrayal of a lesbian love story FIRE is also a comic satire of middle-class (?) Indian culture. I find this is a quality which is little appreciated about the movie. These two genres (i.e. deep meaningful alternative-love story and comic satire) usually mix together just as well as oil and water do but Mehta (somehow) manages to achieve the balance to near perfection. The servant Jatin's behaviour the family's treatment of him the bedridden grandmother's constant inescapable presence Ashok's obsession with a swami's teachings: coming from a culture much like India's these are things I can immediately identify as being typical. They have been crying out to be pointed out and ridiculed. While developing her primary subject matter Mehta manages to achieve this secondary theme skillfully. In fact much of the humour in the film which provides essential relief from the heavy subjects of taboo lesbian love and gender issues stem from this satire of the seemingly ordinary. The film flows from the comic to the serious with great subtelty.<br /><br />All in all brilliant use of symbolic devices (Radha compared to Sita of legend and coming out of Fire unscathed and therefore pure; the lifelong desire of the young Radha to see the ocean finally achieved when she gains freedom). Kudos to Shabana Azmi(Radha) the lighting crew and Deepa Mehta; their very un-Hollywood-like (and un-Bollywood-like!) talents made this movie special. One criticism: the first scenes seemed rather disjointed to me in that they did not flow into each other very well.<br /><br />The verdict: 9 on 10. Nothing less for a movie with scenes so burned on my mind.
critique2603 Writers and directors by the nature of their craft stand back a frame from the action in their work to show insights about characters and situations. Here Huston and Joyce have stepped back a bigger frame yet to show us the ultimate view of what it means to be human. Until it's very end the movie appears to be about nothing much the kind of typical circumstances that fill every day life. It is not until the end of the very final scene that we realize that it is in fact about everything.<br /><br />It is not possible to watch this final scene without simultaneously feeling pity and also deep affection for oneself and the rest of fellow beings.
critique2604 Tim Robbins makes a wonderful film. His wife (susan sarandon) gives a wonderful performance as the sister Helen Perjean who wants to help Mattew Poncelet (Sean Penn) who is accussed of murder and who also will die of an injection... 120 minutes of splended acting and touching scenes is what you get. Great acting and it is a film that gives something to think about!<br /><br />Susan Sarandon deserves the oscar of 1995 best actress. It is probably one of her greatest films ever. <br /><br />I didn't see 'The Craddle will Rock" but I sure have to see more films of Robbins. <br /><br />Rating: 9 / 10 or ***1/2 out of 4. Go and see.....
critique2605 This is one of those movies which get better with each viewing. I watched it three times and actually registered on IMDb because I wanted to comment on it. Movies "about food" have been done before some of them are really good - as for instance a certain Japanese comedy which aficionados of Asian cinema will know anyway. But this one really is in its own league. At its core is a protestant Christian parable symbolizing the ideal of kindness but far from being dogmatic it also addresses the "good" in each and every of us regardless of our religious beliefs or lack thereof. There is a pervading understatement and refinement in Babette's Feast but this makes the message of the movie if anything stronger not at all weaker. If you cannot attend the extraordinary physical banquet offered by Babette you're still welcome to this feast of the soul. Highly recommended!!
critique2606 The Gang of Roses. "Every rose has its thorns."<br /><br />A mix of old western and hip hop blended perfectly together. The clothing styles the scenery and the plot are all suited to what the director wanted. <br /><br />Plot - in five years they robbed twenty-seven banks and then vanished without a trace. Now a small western town is under siege and one of the first victims is Rachel's sister. The Rose Gang is ready to ride again. And this time it's personal.<br /><br />Rachel (Michael Calhoun) Chastity (Lil' Kim) Maria (Lisaraye) Zang Li (Marie Matiko) and Kim (Stacey Dash) five gunslinging women who split up after five years of riding together. When Rachel's sister is killed she ends up rounding up her friends once again and riding on a trail of vengeance. <br /><br />A good muck around version of western. (If you've seen Bad Girls well this is a little bit better in the ways of the female characters).<br /><br />I gave it 10/10 because the characters plot and scenery made it for me.
critique2607 This movie was for a while in my collection but it wasn't before a friend of mine reminded me about it Ã‚Â– until I decided that I should watch it. I did not know much about Close to Leo Ã‚Â– just that it was supposed to be excellent coming out of age movie and it deals with a very serious topic Ã‚Â– Aids. <br /><br />Although the person who has aids Ã‚Â– is Leo Ã‚Â– the scenario wraps around the way in which Marcel (the youngest brother of Leo) coupes with the sickness of his relative. At first everyone is trying to hide the truth from Marcel Ã‚Â– he is believed to be too young to understand the sickness of his brother Ã‚Â– the fact that Leo is also a homosexual contributes to the unwillingness of the parents to discus the matter with the young Marcel. I know from experience that on many occasions most older people do not want to accept the fact that sometimes even when someone is young this does not automatically means that he will not be able to accept the reality and act in more adequate manner then even themselves . With exception of the fact that the family tried to conceal the truth from Marcel they have left quite an impression for me Ã‚Â– the way they supported their son Ã‚Â– even after discovering the truth about his sexuality and his sickness. The fact that they allowed the young Marcel to travel along with Leo to Paris to meet his ex boyfriend was quite a gesture from themÃ‚Â– most families I know will be reluctant to do that. There is a lot of warmth in the scenes in which the brothers spend some time together Ã‚Â– you can see them being real friends  concern about each other.<br /><br />Close to Leo is an excellent drama which I strongly recommend
critique2608 My father took me to see this film when it was released in 1976. I was but a child and it scared the crap out of me. So much so that I had to leave the theatre during a particularly claustrophobic tunnel scene as it was too intense for me!!! I went home to the safety of my family. I saw the film all the way through as I got older and thoroughly enjoyed it. Shame about the men in monster suits though. If you overlook the cheapness of the production and delve deeper you'll find an excellent performance by Cushing a stunning opening score some nice photography and the ever reliable Mr.Douglas McClure my childhood hero!British police constables guarding the Whitehouse at the end! Titty bang bang cave woman! Monsters with beaks! Actors in monster suits gliding on wires! This has it all! Superb.
critique2609 And that's why historic/biographic movies are so important to all of us moreover when they are so well done like this one!<br /><br />Before I saw "The Young Victoria" I knew a few things about Queen Victoria but in the end I got much more knowledge about it. <br /><br />Emily Blunt is simply GREAT as Victoria (Who would guess that!) and She probably will get a nomination at this years Oscar's. Personally I'm cheering for her...<br /><br />For technical issues I am pleased to say that is a very successful production with wonderful Art Direction/Set Decoration and of course like It was expected to be a terrific periodic Costume Design! <br /><br />The one drawback is that I want to see more and know more about this interesting queen but foremost incredible woman and mother! <br /><br />BRAVO: 9 out of 10!
critique2610 Leslie Carbaga's excellent book on the Fleishers tells the whole story of the Fleischer's big move of their entire animation unit to Florida and their subsequent ejection by Paramount. <br /><br />Mr. Bug Goes to Town didn't destroy the animation pioneers' credit with Paramount although it's often told that way and this was Paramount's favorite version of the story. According to Carbaga the big studio more than anything wanted to get their mitts on the animation studio and ease the famously bickering brothers out of the picture altogether. Mr. Bug provided them the pretext to do just that. --The sad closing of a great quirky innovative chapter in American animation.<br /><br />I wanted to comment also that the film actually debuted December 4 1941 not December 7. That may have been close enough to do the trick anyway in terms of national mood damaging the film's success. But another part of the legend of this troubled little film is that it was killed by having the bad luck to be in the theaters at the same time Dumbo (released October 23 1941) was still doing very brisk holiday business. I haven't done the research into box office numbers but I'd say that Dumbo's concurrent presence in theaters likely had an impact on Mr. Bug. Movie-going was at an all time high at this period and successful films could go strong in theaters for months. -- Something unimaginable in these typically short-run quick to-DVD days.
critique2611 This is an Oriental fantasy about Ã‚Â¨thousand and one Arabian nightsÃ‚Â¨ plenty of incredible adventures fantasy witchery and wizardly. The malignant vizier Jaffar (magnificently played by Conrad Veidt)with powerful magic faculties imprisons the prince Ahamad of Bagdad(attractive John Justin)who loses his throne then he escapes thanks a little thief named Abu(sympathetic Sabu). They arrive Basora where Ahamad and the princess(gorgeous June Duprez) fall in love. But prince and thief are haunted by Jaffar  Ahamd is turned blind and Abu is become a dog. The story accumulates several fantastic ingredients such as transformation of the starring a flying mechanic horse magic bow flying carpet and of course the colossal genie(overacting performed by Rex Ingram) who gives three wishes to Sabu  the magic eye the figure of goddess Kali with several hands among others.<br /><br />This remarkable picture ranks as one of the finest fantastic films of all time. Produced by London Fim's Alexander Korda and directed by the definitively credited Ludwing Berger Michael Powell and Tim Whelan with a stunning screenplay by Lajos Biro and Miles Malleson also dialogs writer and actor as Sultan fond to mechanic games. The WWII outbreak caused the paralyzing shooting then the three Korda brothers and collaborators traveled USA continuing there the filming in especial on Grand Cannon Colorado.The splendid visual and glimmer Technicolor cinematography  setting and FX provoked the achieving three Oscars : Production design by William Cameron Menzies and Vincent Korda Cinematography by George Perinal and Special effects by Osmond Borradaile though today are dated and is urgent a necessary remastering because the colors are worn-out. Furthermore one nomination for the evocative and oriental musical score by Miklos Rozsa. This vivid tale with immense doses of imagination will like to fantasy fans and cinema classic buffs
critique2612 This show was not only great human drama but portrayed racism in this country in a raw all too true to life manner. When one show can be so witty and entertaining and yet so poignant and educational all at once this is television in its highest form. The acting was phenomenal. The writing was exceptional. Not only did the show portray race relations in a straightforward manner that seems unmatched by any other television series but its ability to depict this subject matter as it existed in the 1960's alongside how it exists in the beginning of the twenty-first century powerfully demonstrates the ways we have changed and sadly the many more ways we have not.
critique2613 OK yes its bad yes its complete fluff yes it makes dobbin the mule look like an Oscar winner but look at it like i did i was 13 special effects were pretty much non exsistant in 90% of films back in the good Ole days when films needed a story line.. OK so even the storyline is a bit dodgy.. but wow did i get into this film as a kid in the 80s. cheesy rock bad special effects but airplanes an aerial fights and it had queens one vision on the soundtrack.. see even the worst things have a silver lining.. all in all if you want a bad film to show a 12 year old who hates computer effects (if there is such a film) this is the ideal choice
critique2614 Cuba Gooding Jr. and Ed Harris are touching. This movie is really surprising. It was enjoyable from start to finish.<br /><br />The story is about mentally challenged man who helps out with a football team.<br /><br />
critique2615 When I think about this movie all the adjectives that come to mind somehow relate to the physical appreciation of the world. Texture smell color that's how I think this movie should be judged in terms of. See the rich golden tones surrounding the young concubine asleep by the fireplace or the sweltering turkish bath and let it flood your senses with impressions of spice coarse cloth smooth skin scented oils flickering flames satin rustle. Don't just watch and listen be absorbed let the droning voice of the storyteller mesmerize you.
critique2616 Tale of Two Sisters has to be one of the creepiest films I've seen recently. In the end there is no actual supernatural element despite what one is led to expect throughout the film. The story seems to be about two sisters who upon returning to their father's home after some sort of absence (later revealed to have been a stay in a mental institution) are forced to deal with not only a seemingly schizophrenic and possibly bi-polar stepmother who lashes out at the younger of the girls when the mood strikes her and cheerfully tells them she's prepared a special dinner at another time. but some presence as yet unexplained. It is later revealed that the younger sister is dead and exists only in the troubled minds of her older sister who was unable to save her and her step-mother who was callous enough to let her die. Much about the specifics of the strange family is not revealed in the film but it definitely leaves a viewer with a creepy feeling and a nagging hint of confusion. Definitely not light viewing; watch this one when you really want to think about what you've seen. It's a hell of a puzzler.
critique2617 A Disney movie that dares to do something different should at least be awarded for effort. "Holes" doesn't make the same mistakes as one would expect from a Disney movie about troubled teenagers put in a camp. For the first time events are not explained in details. The flashback scenes really do serve a purpose and present several mature topics that may surprise the viewer. I must admit that at first I was a bit put off by the seriousness of the movie. But soon I realized that we had to endure those moments to see the beauty of the story. Besides the story this movie also does a good job of questioning some methods that are used in correctional facilities. (One example where Caveman is forbidden to teach Zero to read because they have to dig holes in order to build characterlike learning to read won't contribute to that). "Holes" is a movie that is smart and beautiful. A must watch!
critique2618 I wasn't aware of Steve McQueen in 1958. I only knew that I was extremely frightened about going to see this film. (I'd been devastated by the movie "Trantula" at age seven . . . but I was ten now). The 1st scene where the Blob crawls up the farmer's probing stick and engulfs his hand was enough to make me want to leave the theater. But I stayed and suffered through each of our monster's attacks. I felt such horror when Steve and his girl barely made it out of the doctor's office (poor doc) and even more when The Blob entered a movie theater and devoured a large portion of the audience . . . so many in fact that IT oooooozzzzzzed out of the front doors too huge now to fit through just one. It seemed indestructible and unlimited in growth potential and when it trapped poor Steve in a sieve-like diner he seemed like a sure dinner to be. <br /><br />To say that the Blob was cold would be a modern day description but in the end better icy than scaring and mentally rupturing little kids.<br /><br />I remember walking home that evening with my uncle Nick trying to act brave. He knew I was in trouble and when I got into bed that night I could not only feel the Blob in the room but when I summoned up the courage to look down at the floor there the red pulsating heart-like hungry dude sat waiting for me to try and get up and go to the bathroom. It took months to recover. <br /><br />I'm 57 years old now . . . I've made it.<br /><br />Of course The Blob wasn't destroyed.
critique2619 Last night I finished re-watching "Jane Eyre" (1983) the BBC mini-series adapted from Charlotte Bronte's Gothic romance novel which is deservingly a classic of English literature with Timothy Dalton (my favorite James Bond) as Mr. Edward Rochester and Zelah Clarke as Jane Eyre a poor orphaned 18-year-old girl a governess at Mr. Rochester's estate Thornfield. "Jane Eyre" has been one of my most beloved books since I was an 11-years-old girl and the friend of mine gave it to me with the words "This book is amazing" and so it was and I have read it dozens of times and I am still not tired of it. Its beautiful language refined fragrant and surprisingly fresh the dialogs and above all two main characters and the story of their impossible love have attracted many filmmakers. "Jane Eyre" has been adapted to TV and big screen many times 18 according to IMDb. The actors as famous and marvelous as Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles William Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg George C. Scott and Susannah York CiarÃƒÂ¡n Hinds and Samantha Morton have played the couple that had overcome hundreds of obstacles made by society laws religion by the differences in age backgrounds experiences and by the fateful mistakes that would hunt one for many years. Of all these films I've only seen one 300 minutes long BBC version from 1983 that follows the novel closely and where Timothy Dalton who frequently plays dark brooding characters did not just play Edward Rochester brilliantly and with class he WAS Mr. Rochester - sardonic vibrant the force of nature powerful passionate sexy and tormented master of Thornfield. Zelah Clarke was also convincing as sweet gentle intelligent and strong Jane who feels deeply and is full of passion mixed with clear reasoning and quiet but firm willpower.<br /><br />Added on September 17 2007: During the last two weeks I've seen five "Jane Eyre" movies and it was a wonderful experience. There is something to admire in every adaptation of "Jane Eyre" even if not all of them are completely successful. This version is still my favorite "Jane Eyre" film.
critique2620 When I remember seeing the previews for this movie and not really thinking much about it. It was almost one of those movies that when you see the preview its stunning and then when it comes out you hear nothing and totally miss it and your memory totally doesn't correct the mistake of missing it. Man On Fire was one of those movies. I was curious on a rental one time and I decided to take it home with me my precious Blockbuster rental in my hands. I watched it and witnessed such a beautiful movie. It is like none other...drama and action combined to create something amazingly spectacular. The cinematography done by Tony Scott is extremely well done and unique unlike another movie. The subtitles can explain something without even listening to the actual voices and the music is very intriguing for the setting. I got into this movie and ended up buying it as soon as I could scurry out of the household and head over to Best Buy. I've watched it several times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) does an amazing job with becoming this lost-minded ex-special forces man with no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) puts life back into him with her undying love for him right from the start. They bond and become good friends until she is kidnapped by notorious gangsters part of the brotherhood La Hermandad. Creasy (Denzel) tells the mother of Dakota Fanning that he will hunt down the killers fearing that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy really shows the person he can become. He uses his contacts from Pita's kidnapping and Creasy's hospitalization to find one of the men and he begins his pursuit. My favorite line of all is in this movie when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent that "A man is a work of art in anything that he does....cooking whatever. Creasy's art is death...he's about to paint his masterpiece." He plays a very unique roll of Creasy's old partner and friend. After finally pursuing the brother of "The Voice" leader of La Hermandad. Creasy arranges a meeting to trade Pita for himself and The Voice's brother. In the end Creasy dies from being shot earlier and his wound getting infected and massive blood loss. It is a very sincere and sad ending but a great one. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone that is looking for a memorable flick. The story is in depth everything is explained from beginning to end and nothing corny at all in any way or manner.
critique2621 To me "Anatomie" is certainly one of the better movies I have seen. I don't think "Anatomie" was primarily intended to be a horror movie but a movie questioning the ethics of science. If you watch it with that in mind it turns into a really good film. The only annoying bit was the awful voice dubbing for the English version. How can you expect any non-German person to listen to these unbearable German accents for two hours? Let native English speakers do the talking or use subtitles instead!!
critique2622 It was a terrific movie! I like to watch it again and again. The actors were awesome. The movie kept me on the edge of my seat. I would recommend this movie to anyone. I wish Lifetime would put this movie on DVD. I would most definitely purchase a copy. This movie just proves that you should be very careful about who you get hooked up with. You may think you know someone but you never know. My daughter watched the movie with me. She thought it was great. All I know is I will watch this movie every time Lifetime airs it. It's the kind of movie that keeps you glued to the t.v.I wish Lifetime would redo the movie but use the same actors and bring it to the big screen.
critique2623 This was the very first kung fu movie that I have ever seen. The dubbing is not the greatest but alot better than some that I had seen. The plot is much better than some that are made today. It is gory at times but that is what gives it that special push. Academy award material is it not. But if you like to watch fights and a decent story backround this is for you!
critique2624 The Coen's strike again. I had no presuppositions going in and I was amazed at the bizarre telling of a good-bad guy story. Although Clooney is easily replaceable in this his cornball style is welcome. Turturro and Nelson are dead ringers. And I loved "I Am a Man of Constant Sorrow" as performed by the "Soggy Bottom Boys". Catchy tune...<br /><br />8 of 10
critique2625 well i may be bias as i grew up watching a VHS copy of this film that is now ready to snap and have just spent the last couple of hours tracking down a DVD copy as a birthday pressie for my Dad. The film is so harmless and inoffensive it suits all ages.... much better than anything Disney ever made in my opinion (and i used to work in the Disney Store!!!). The characters are enjoyable and the award for best scene is a tie between the disrupted wedding (especially the musical talents of Swat the fly. and Smack the mosquito) and the amazing night club scene. The musical numbers still have me humming 20 years after i first watched it. there is no other film that i can better recommend whilst baby-sitting and in fact every child i know (thanks to my Hoppity loving parents) have seen this film many times. It will always get top marks for its fabulous love story a brilliant baddy and over all originality.
critique2626 Flavia la monaca muslmana aka. "Flavia the Heretic" of 1974 is a truly disturbing and uncompromising piece of Italian Exploitation cinema that to a certain extent follows a somewhat feminist premise (though the level of sleaze and brutality would probably disgust the majority of feminists). Set mostly in a convent and with a nun as the eponymous central protagonist (great performance by the wonderful Florinda Bolkan) "Flavia the Heretic" may be referred to as a 'Nunsploitation' film. However this film differs quite drastically from the typical Nunsploitation flicks from the time as it doesn't so much focus on the nunsploitation elements such as lesbianism sadistic lesbian punishments etc. Personally I saw more similarities to the Hexploitation flicks of the time such as "Mark of The Devil" (even though this one doesn't treat the topic of witch-hunts) which focus on the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the middle ages and early modern period.<br /><br />Italy around 1600: After witnessing her despotic father behead a wounded Muslim soldier young Flavia is forced to become a nun in a convent. When her father condemns a fellow nun to a torturous death for a small misdemeanor years later Falvia's disgust with male violence against women turns into hatred against the despotic church and she joins a band of Arabic scavengers...<br /><br />One thing is for sure "Flavia the Heretic" is not for the faint-hearted and neither is it for those who want happy endings. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi obviously tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible especially in its nasty scenes. The many torture- and execution-scenes are extremely disturbing with skinnings spikings and other gruesome scenes in explicit detail the most shocking scene probably being the torture of the young nun quite in the beginning of the film. The violence here is never superfluous however. After all this gruesome methods actually were reality in the time the film is set in. The film is very well-made with realistic costumes fantastic settings an elegant cinematography and a great score by Nicola Piovani. The stunningly beautiful and great Florinda Bolkan has proved her talent in many great Italian cult-productions (including Lucio Fulci's Giallo-masterpiece "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino" of 1972). She delivers another great charismatic performance here and I couldn't imagine another actress fitting as well in the role as she does. The film has some minor inconsistencies (E.g. why does the rigid church let bizarre cult-followers into convents in the first place). However it is overall amazing how realistic this film is. "Flavia the Heretic" should definitely not be missed by my fellow fans of Italian Exploitation Cinema. This is a great Exploitation flick overall though it definitely is a deeply depressing one and therefore should be watched in the right mood. Highly recommended to fans of disturbing exploitation cinema. 7.5/10
critique2627 Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey is one of those wonderful old movies about house pets. Deserves a place among the great movies of its genre and even the cinema world in general together with other animal movies like "Old Yeller" "Napoleon" "Fluke" and "Air Bud". This means it is more than just a movie about pets.<br /><br />Can this possibly be just a "remake"? It is too good to be a "remake"! I know this one by heart since my early teen years (when I was 12).<br /><br />It's a family movie to treasure. It's emotional thrilling adventurous exciting entertaining humorous charming sweet nostalgic beautiful heartwarming and sometimes dramatic. It's one of those movies to put a smile on the faces of those who appreciate this kind of films.<br /><br />This movie does not lack qualities. It has a well thought story enjoyable characters excellent and relaxing instrumental soundtrack dazzling sceneries/landscapes of the magnificent Sierra mountains (in Oregon). Speaking of the vistas it's not all mountains: forests trees rivers waterfalls sunsets... in conclusion all of pure nature's wonders - truly a full panorama. <br /><br />The main human characters are nice well developed and well portrayed by respective actors. Robert Hays is awesome as the kind-hearted dad Bob Seaver. Kim Greist is good as Laura Burnford. Veronica Lauren is equally good as Hope. Kevin Chevalia is conventional as the youngest and cute brother Jamie (his appearance actually reminds me very much of Kevin Corcoran in "Old Yeller"). Benj Thall is great as Peter Burnford.<br /><br />When it comes to our quadruped pals Shadow is my favorite. Shadow is the loyal wise mature beautiful caring and loving old Golden Retriever (brilliantly voiced by Don Ameche). Chance the American Bulldog is the opposite of Shadow. He is carefree silly impatient anxious clumsy hilarious and loves to play (voiced by the talented Michael J. Fox). Chance just can't stand still. Sassy is the epitome of cats's image: elegant independent very confident and self-proud with a typical cat attitude but with a certain feline charm. Sassy is a Seal Point Himalayan cat one of the most beautiful cat breeds. Sassy is voiced by Sally Field who also does a good job.<br /><br />Our four-legged friends are themselves great "actors" by nature: Ben as Shadow Rattler as Chance and Tiki as Sassy.<br /><br />It's an underrated movie but a classic by its own right. Its sequel is clearly inferior.<br /><br />This should definitely be on Top 250.
critique2628 When I was younger I saw the end of HAIR on TV. I just watched the last 5 minutes of the film. And I was really impressed by it. I got goose pimples and I said to myself that I HAD to watch this film.<br /><br />And I did and I've to say: This film is amazing. The songs are great the actors are very good and the message... The message of this film is one of the most important ones: "Make love no war". This film is a real masterpiece. Meanwhile it's my favourite film.<br /><br />The last song is one of the saddest and happiest I ever listened to. I nearly could feel myself joining the crowd. All I've got to say: "LET THE SUN SHINE LET THE SUN SHINE IN"
critique2629 After seeing A Texas Tale of Treason the measly correspondence efforts by Cox could not even afford the massive collusion Stu directed with no budget. It tells a story about dedication sweat whiz fire and punk rock. I love it! My favorite parts are the interviews with Marci (she's such a hot baby babe and she digs me but she just doesn't know it yet). The Japanese clerk muffing his lines that cracked me up. The sex scene was really cool. I am going to see if Stu will come over sometime and do the box light wave thing when i'm doing it with my woman. The intro and of course my 5 seconds during closing credits. I know thats going to get me some chicks. I hope to see more from Antstuie because I know I can expect the unexpected.
critique2630 Criticism of the film EVENING based on the novel by Susan Minot and adapted for the screen by Minot and Michael Cunningham has been harsh so harsh that it may have discouraged many viewers from giving the film a try. The primary criticism has centered on the fact that very little happens in this film about a dying woman's fretting over a mistake she made one summer in her youth that famous actors were given very minor roles that the entire production was over-hyped etc. For this viewer seeing the film on a DVD in the quiet of the home a very different reaction occurred.<br /><br />Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) is dying in her home by the ocean and her medication and memories allow her to share a man's name - 'Harris' - with her two grown daughters Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). As her daughters sit at her bedside Ann relives a particular summer when she was a bridesmaid for her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) - a marriage both Ann (Claire Danes as the youthful Ann) and Lila's alcoholic brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy) objected to feeling that Lila was simply marrying a man of her class instead of the boy she had loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson) her housekeeper's son who had become a physician. Harris Buddy Lila and Ann are woven together in a series of infatuations and romances that have been kept secret until now 50 years later as Ann is dying. The older Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end and the secrets are revealed: 'there are no such things as mistakes - life just goes on.' The film is a delicate mood piece and the script by Minot and Cunningham is rich in atmosphere and subtle life lessons. Yes there are gaps in the story that could have used more explanation but in order to maintain the aura of nostalgia of a dying lady's words such 'holes' are understandable. The film is graced by the presence of not only Redgrave Richardson (Redgrave's true daughter) Collette Gummer (Streep's true daughter) Meryl Streep Claire Danes Eileen Atkins Glenn Close Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson but also with an ensemble cast of brief but very solid performances. The setting is gorgeous (cinematography by Gyula Pados) and the musical score is by the inimitable Jan A.P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia') directs. Judge this film on your own.... Grady Harp
critique2631 this is the first of a two part back-story to the conflict between the machines and mankind in the Matrix world and it delivers spectacularly by combining observations on man's fear of the unknown and of being usurped with politics extensive religious and historical imagery subverting expected portrayals of parties involved and an at least partially believable and thus terrifying vision of our near future. it isn't perfect and some plot points and images are at once obvious and contrived but it has the desired effect and impact and tells a visceral and cautionary tale.<br /><br />this first part sets the scene - human societies have developed advanced and capable robots mostly humanoid to serve people doing menial unskilled jobs labour construction etc. and thus the populace has become lazy and derogatory towards them. one robot however rebels and kills his owner stating at his subsequent trial that he simply did not want to die. he is destroyed but when the robot masses' destruction is ordered to protect humanity many robots rise up in protest with many human sympathisers alongside them.<br /><br />the imagery here is exploitative recounting race riots and abuse Tiananmen square the holocaust and an overly provocative scene of a robot in a human girl's guise getting harried hammered in the head and then shot dead as it pleads 'i'm real'. it lays on the ground clothes and skin torn and breasts hanging out. it's an obvious and obscene image designed to present human fear towards uncontrolled elements and aggression towards groups based on the actions of individuals.<br /><br />anyway this first portion is much like a compressed version of the film I Robot but it soon develops into a recognisable Matrix back-story as the surviving robot contingent is exiled and congregates in the middle east in the cradle of civilisation as the narrator informs us. there the machines regroup and begin to produce new AI and to manufacture mass technology and trade it with human nations. we see a commercial for a car that uses the circular energy hover engines that the ships the rebels in the movies use and we see sentinel type robots flying around Zero One the name of their city. their goods and trade make their economy soar affecting other economies detrimentally and human governments and authorities establish a blockade in response. the machines send ambassadors in the form of Adam and Eve resemblances to a UN congress to negotiate a peaceful resolution to the blockade but they are forcibly removed and the scene is set for war in the second part.<br /><br />the animation is by Studio 4Ã‚Â°C who work on quite a few of the Animatrix and it's evocative and visually stimulating rendering different scenes like imagery montages CCTV footage and particular scenes of import distinctive and overall presenting the story perfectly. the plot may not be an original concept and it may draw on simplistic sheep mentalities and plot models and resort to provocative material for impact but after the tantalising mystery offered by the first film and Morpheus' vague brief info-dumps this is a nice exposition of the cataclysmic events that left the world ravaged and in the hands of the machines that serves as a warning and as a vehicle for many observations and comments on the human condition the development of AI and the importance of harmony and co-operation and the devastating consequences of conflict and prejudice themes expanded on in the movies.
critique2632 From the opening scene aboard a crowded train where a ruthless pickpocket is at work (RICHARD WIDMARK) stealing from a woman's purse (JEAN PETERS) PICKUP ON SOUTH STREET is relentlessly fascinating to watch. Partly it's because the acting is uniformly strong from the entire cast the B&W photography is crisp and adds to the starkness of the story and characters and because Samuel Fuller's direction puts him in the same league with the biggies like John (ASPHALT JUNGLE) Huston. In fact it has the same urgency as the Huston film about a heist that goes wrong--but the payoff is not quite as strong.<br /><br />JEAN PETERS is excellent as the hard-edged girl whom Widmark describes as being "knocked around a lot". She gives a lot of raw energy and sex appeal to her role of the not too bright woman carrying a micro-film in her purse for her boyfriend (RICHARD KILEY) something the FBI already knows about. They're on her trail when the theft occurs.<br /><br />THELMA RITTER adds realism to her portrait of a woman called "Moe" who buys and sells anything to make a profit and ends up paying for it with her life. She's particularly touching in her final scene with Kiley.<br /><br />This one is guaranteed to hold your attention through its one hour and twenty minute running time. Good noir from Fox and notable for the performances of Widmark Peters and Ritter.
critique2633 LACKAWANNA BLUES is a fine stage play by Ruben Santiago-Hudson and an even finer film as the author adapted his own life story for the screen. This brilliant film ignites the screen with rich colors fine music brilliant editing superb direction by George C. Wolfe and a cast so stunning that they make an encore viewing compulsory! Yes it is just that good.<br /><br />The story is based on the author's life as the child 'Junior' (Marcus Carl Franklin) raised in the inimitable home of soulfully empathetic Rachel "Nanny" Crosby (S. Epatha Merkerson) a lady who devoted her life to aiding the disenfranchised by transporting them from the South from mental hospitals and from the streets to Lackawanna New York. The boy recalls all the lessons he learned about life from the inhabitants of the house - odd characters with painful pasts - and from the disintegration of his racially mixed biological family rescued by Nanny. The myriad characters of the home are too numerous to outline but they are portrayed by some of the finest actors in the business: Terrence Howard Rosie Perez Mos Def the beautiful Carmen Ejogo Louis Gossett Jr. Jeffrey Wright Ernie Hudson Charlayne Woodward Jimmy Smits Patricia Wettig Macy Gray Liev Schreiber Kathleen Chalfant Lou Myers Hill Harper - the list goes on and on.<br /><br />In the course of the film we are introduced to the cruelties of racism the history of desegregation the dynamics of drug abuse and violence the infectious joy of African American music contributions to our musical culture and the courage of one fine woman who battled all the hardships the world can dish out to maintain the dignity of those with whom she came into contact. S. Epatha Merkerson is wholly submerged in this role a role she makes shine like a beacon of reason in a world of chaos. She offers one of the most stunning performances of the past years and had this film been released in the theaters instead of as an HBO movie she without a doubt would add the Oscar to place along side her Golden Globe award.<br /><br />The entire cast is exceptional and Wolfe handles the acting and the story like a master: like riffs in a jazz piece he pastes tiny moments of conversation with each character and Junior along with flashes of scenes from the story with the matrix of dance fests at the local clubs brimming over the top with incredible blues jazz dancing and joy. The production crew has mounted this little miracle of a picture with extreme care and never for a moment does attention lag from the momentum of the story. Highly Recommended almost Compulsory Viewing! Grady Harp
critique2634 This is a forgotten classic of a film and Harmony Karin borrowed a ton from it for "Gummo". Gummo is good River's Edge is way way better. Its no secret that Keanu Reeves isn't the best actor whoever walked the earth. No in fact he's a horrendous actor. But he was born for some roles: Ted Preston Esquire from Bill and Ted and his role in this film. He is perfect as a sort of good natured but very apathetic and confused teenager. Then there's Crispin Glover. I think his performance in this film is the best of his career. He is phenomenal as the drugged out wackjob character. Then there's Dennis Hopper who is perfect as well. This movie is simply amazing and if you haven't seen it run out and watch it today. Its brilliant. One of the best portrayals of modern America I've seen.
critique2635 THE RUNNING MAN along with TOTAL RECALL is my favorite Schwarzenegger movie. No this isn't 2001 but it's not meant to be. And the acting and script here isn't even up to par with other Arnie movies like PREDATOR or THE TERMINATOR. But I submit that the IDEA behind this movie is one of the coolest ever to hit the big screen. A state-sponsored game show in which criminals convicted of serious crimes compete against "heroic" stalkers armed with all kinds of weapons (the runners are equipped with none) in order to satisfy the public's lust for sport and blood. The ultimate prize for a winning runner: freedom. Or so the rules claim.<br /><br />For a movie with such over-the-top gory death scenes and cheesy one-liners it really does have a lot to say. Someone else has pointed out all the commentary on culture/government presented in this movie so I won't go into it here. Suffice it to say that if you can look beyond the seemingly silly feel of the movie you will enjoy it very much (especially if you're a big SF fan with a lot of imagination). Like I said it's not trying to be a serious art film but it IS surprisingly layered for a 80s shoot-em-up flick. The premise is borrowed from a Richard Bachman (aka Stephen King) short novel but diverges fairly strongly from its source material especially towards the end. (The book ends rather nihilistically; needless to say this movie doesn't.) I enjoyed both but I like the movie better.<br /><br />My favorite line: "Guess it's caused from steroids."
critique2636 This is a unique and bold film. It's energetic with highly developed characters. Very good performances. <br /><br />I love directors who are not afraid to ask the audience to think... <br /><br />Bret Carr dares to look inward ask questions and dig underneath the surface. By the nature of the film it practically demands that the viewer look inward as well. It can take some courage to do this. I can see how some close-minded people might find this quite disturbing. However I found it thought-provoking much more than just entertainment.<br /><br />Bret Carr is truly an original filmmaker with vision. I am curious to see what he will do next.<br /><br />Watch him.
critique2637 Despite being quite far removed from my expectations I was thoroughly impressed by Dog Bite Dog. I rented it not knowing much about it but I essentially expected it to be a martial arts/action film in the standard Hong Kong action tradition of which I am a devoted fan. I ended up getting something entirely different which is not at all a bad thing. While the film could be classified as such and there is definitely some good action and hand to hand combat scenes in the film it is definitely not the primary focus. Its characters are infinitely more important to the film than its fights a rather uncommon thing in many Hong Kong action movies.<br /><br />I was really quite surprised by the intricacy of the characters and character relationships in the film. The lead character played by Edison Chen (who is really very good) becomes infinitely more complex by the end of the film than I ever thought he would be after watching the first thirty minutes. The police characters also defied my expectations thoroughly. In fact the stark and honest portrayal of the seldom seen dark side of the police force was quite possible my favorite aspect of the film. I don't know that I would say Dog Bite Dog entirely subverts typical notions of bad criminal good cop but it certainly distorts them in ways not often seen in film (unfortunately). So many films especially Hong Kong action films I find portray police in what is frankly a VERY ignorantly idealized light. This is one of my least favorite things about the genre. I was pleasantly surprised to see that Dog Bite Dog actually had some very unique and really quite courageous ideas to present about the police force. There are negotiation scenes in this film that I have never seen the likes of before and doubt I will ever see again and am sure I will remember for quite a while. Also the criminal characters are shown from an interesting perspective as well there is some documentary footage in the film of Cambodian boys no older than ten being made to fight each other to the death with their bare hands which I thought was one of the film's most powerful and moving moments. It says a lot about the reason these guys are the way they are rather than simply condemning them. Also the relationship between Chen's character and the girl he meets in the junk yard reveals a lot about his character. It wasn't until this element entered the film that I really started to see the film as an emotional experience rather than only a visceral one. There is something about most on screen relationships that doesn't quite get through to me but for some reason this one really did. The actress does an incredible job with this role which I imagine was not easy to play.<br /><br />Dog Bite Dog also features some really breathtaking cinematography all though it is unfortunately rather uneven. There were some moments that I found really striking particularly in the last segment of the film but there was also a good deal of camera work that was just OK. Another slight problem I had was with the pacing which I also felt was uneven. I found a lot of the "looking for a boat" scenes to be a little alienating all though it quickly picks up after that. The action scenes are short and not too plentiful but are truly powerful and effecting particularly towards the end. The fight choreography is honestly not all that impressive for the most part all though to its credit it is solid and fairly realistic but the true strength is the emotional content behind the fights. The final scene while not a marvel of martial artistry or fight choreography is one of the most powerful final fights I have ever seen and I've seen quite a few martial arts films.<br /><br />I suppose the biggest determining factor of whether or not one will get much out of Dog Bite Dog is whether or not you can connect with the characters. All of them are certainly some of the more flawed characters one is likely to see in a film of any kind but there was something very human about all of them that I couldn't help but be drawn to and really feel for them particularly Chen's girlfriend. I should say that I doubt most people will like the film as much as I did simply because I imagine that most people will not like or care about the characters in the same way but I still recommend it highly all the same. It is truly a deeply moving and effecting film if you give it a chance.
critique2638 I'd heard of the case but hadn't really paid attention during the whole hoopla of Fuhrman writing the book Skakel being arrested etc. However this movie did an excellent job of detailing Martha the Skakel brothers the murder Mark Fuhrman's involvement and the results of his investigation. I especially liked the flashback scenes with Martha talking about her last summer. The actress who played her literally glowed with life and made it even more poignant that the real Martha was probably like that. It made Martha seem like a real person rather than a victim. I'd definitely recommend watching this.
critique2639 I can see why this film was Oscar-nominated for Best Live Action Short as it was constructed masterfully. Even if you don't particularly like the Blues (though to me this sounded much more like jazz) you can easily appreciate this film. It is simply very well made though for the life of me I can't see why director Gjon Mili only got to direct one film--this one. In other words the film is nominated and yet the director didn't get any sort of career boost. As for the black performers I could understand this not causing their careers to shift into high gear as unfortunately most of white society have indifference (or worse) for blacks or "that kind of music".<br /><br />If you do watch this film if you aren't particularly enjoying the earlier portion skip ahead to about the 5:50 mark--where it picks up considerably. When the lady stopped singing and the performers began to improvise the pace improved quite a bit.
critique2640 UC 0079 the One Year War is almost at an end. A neutral colony of Side 6 has been targeted by Cyclops a Zeon task force. Their target a new Gundam being built exclusively for Newtypes (supposedly built for Amuro Ray from the original Gundam saga) inside. When little boy Al Izuruha a fan of Zeon MS encounters a Zaku after battle breaks out in the colony he befriends newbie MS pilot Benard "Bernie" Wiseman. The two become good friends Al is treated as an honorary member of the Cyclops team. Through the show Bernie acts as a father figure to Al (whose real father is always working) and seems to be taken with Federation pilot Christina McKenzie but eventually they must meet....in battle. Al soon learns that war is not child's play and Bernie must choose to make the ultimate sacrifice to complete his mission.<br /><br />For only 6 episodes Gundam 0080 is a well done show. The mobile suits are extremely well designed and the animation may look dated but really shows emotion in the characters. If you liked 0083 then check this one out or if you are new to the Gundam world this is a good show to start with. If you look to a show for drama and character development this is the one for you it focuses more on that then mobile suit battle. I would rate it more of a drama than action.<br /><br />Mobile Suit Gundam 0080 War in the Pocket. <br /><br />Sometimes you have to lose to win.
critique2641 One of Disney's best films that I can enjoy watching often. you may easily guess the outcome but who cares? its just plain fun escape for 1 hour forty-two minutes. and after all wasn't movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway? The cast sparkles with delight. -magictrain
critique2642 Fantastic Chaplin movie with many memorable moments as Charlie joins the army to fight in WW 1.<br /><br />At first he goes to boot camp where he has to learn how to handle his rifle and how to walk in line. That's a really funny scene as the tramp is not used to keeping his feet straight!<br /><br />Next thing you know he's in France in a trench. Hilarious scenes here include a starving Charlie eating the cheese of a mousetrap and reading a letter from home over someone's shoulder.<br /><br />When Charlie goes to sleep he finds his bunker all flooded and his roommate snoring. This is such a funny part! I can't really describe it just watch the movie. When Charlie wakes up his legs feel numb so he tries to 'wake them up'. It had me rolling on the floor when it turns out his second leg still feels numb... while Charlie actually rubs his roommate's foot!<br /><br />The movie then turns a bit grim as Charlie shoots a couple of Germans from his trench (although it's done in a very funny way) and him personating as a tree to get close to the enemy saving a friend of his from a death squad.<br /><br />Last part is him getting a french girl in trouble by hiding in her house. He then has to save her and while doing so he captures the german kaiser as well. To do so he impersonates a german kolonel or something. I love it when Charlie is asked something in german and he's like nein nein nein. The soldier looks at him in a funny way so Charlie changes his mind: ja ja ja! The kaiser gets captured and Charlie is the hero... but then he wakes up again in bootcamp it was just a sweet dream!<br /><br />Charlie did one of those 'dream-sequences' before (The Bank comes to mind) but who cares this movie was so funny it had me laughing all the way. Chaplin also has something to say with this movie (as his later work became more of a social comment to several mishaps in the world) and is explained best in the last sentence of the movie: 'Peace on earth good will to all mankind.'<br /><br />In short: a Charlie classic very funny timeless. 9/10.
critique2643 As an ex Merchant Seaman I was really interested in this movie : I personally have been involved in a stowaway search on leaving Kingston Jamaica where one person was found. We managed to get him ashore though as we were in territorial limits. On another ship I was on the stowaway was found and we could not land him anywhere due to passport/nationality issues. In fact he stayed on for a year as an almost "honorary" crew member and worked for his keep. Africa is notorious for stowaway pickups. There is a great scene in the beginning of the film when the bulk carrier enters the African port : her size dwarfing all. The crew pop ashore for a little intercourse and inebriation. So far normal. The drama starts when the stowaways enter the vast cavernous holds of the ship. Joss Ackland is brilliant as the Captain with a drink problem being harassed by his Nemesis Suchet right on form as the Companys representative on board. The stowaway search is classic but we did not have guns. I question the use of guns in this film. This ship seemed to have a vast armoury. In my experience guns at sea are severely restricted due to customs regulations. also having a dog on board was odd.Anti Rabies laws especially in Europe restrict carrying of animal severely. Anyway Pertwee is brilliant as the embittered Mate. The horror which follows the discovery of the victims is unbearable : the grim metallic background of the ships holds and a feeling that there is no where to hide adds to the drama.Some of the freighters crew are not into the murder and those who get involved are gradually sucked in to a world of violence from which there is no escape.The chase through the ship especially the engine room scenes are "edge on the seat" : the feeling of extreme claustrophobia abounds. The feeling of metal pressing in and death being only a gun barrel away. The film is brutal : my girlfriend had to give up watching it during the shooting and beating scenes. While this goes on Suchet in the comfort of his well appointed cabin gets drunk unaware of the mayhem 3 decks below. Its a tense film flawed in parts but the real message is that we can all get sucked into violence like this. Slowly and surely. Think of the train drivers who took Jews to Auschwitz the clerks who worked out those train timetable. I always remember someone who had visited Dachau concentration camp at the end of the war and he said that one of the S.S. Guards had put a bird-table outside the camp crematorium. This film is like that : ordinary people suddenly finding themselves in a world of unstoppable violence!
critique2644 I don't doubt that the critics panned this movie especially the artsy fartsys who need a laxative. This is a great vehicle movie in the tradition of Abbot & Costello or more recently Don Knotts. It won't shake the world or change movies forever. What it will do is entertain. When all is said & done that's the most important thing anyway. Watch this movie & forget your troubles. It even has a simple & kind moral message at no extra charge. I always loved Elvira's TV show when I lived in LA. She did not really steal her schtick from Vampira any more than Vampira did from the original Theda Bara. This sort of mythic character belongs to whoever does it best; & Cassandra Peterson does it best. Long live Elvira; we need more of these kind of movies. There are never enough. The villain William Morgan Sheppard was also excellent. He exudes a wonderful refined malice. I could find no technical faults. The execution is as close to flawless as the art form gets. My profound compliments to the directorJames Signorelli& all his crew.
critique2645 This sitcom was a big crowd puller in the year 1984-1985.That was a time people could see deserted streets in most of the over crowded Indian cities whenever there were sitcom on Indian television screens. All this was the result of the setting up of television relay stations across the entire Indian nation. This was one of the essential elements of the modernization of Indian television network strategy adopted by the late Indian prime minister Indira Gandhi.It was also continued by her son Rajiv Gandhi. This series provided clean entertainment which a large majority of Indian television audience watched on their black and white television sets.A funny thing about this series is that it was sponsored by an indigenous company dealing in Ayurvedic products. A couple of days ago I caught sight of some episodes of this series but the overall laughter equation was missing. This goes on to prove that may be with the ever changing passage of time entertainment material lose their charm and hold over people's minds.
critique2646 I watched SHORE LEAVE the other day. I've seen it so many times and I never get tired of it. Strangely enough every time I watch it lately it takes me right back to the very first time I saw it. Including this time. Must be that sense of mystery and "What IS going on here?" about it.<br /><br />Oddly enough the one part of the story that ALWAYS felt awkward and uncomfortable for me this time actually had a HUGE effect on me-- Ruth. I think a lot of it was Gerald Fried's score. A real masterpiece that! The romantic section was reused-- much more extensively-- in THIS SIDE OF PARADISE. But of course it debuted here. I get the impression that out of all the girls Kirk knew over the years she may have been the "sweetest". When she said "Do you have to go?" combined with the music I could really feel the pain she must have felt at not being able to have him stay with her.<br /><br />Someone commented online that Ruth looked older than he was yet she wasn't supposed to have aged at all in 15 years. Which makes me think... MAYBE she was one of the teachers at the academy. Kirk had an affair with an older woman! (Perhaps he thought back to this in "MIRI" when he told Janice "I never get involved with older women." Maybe he meant "...anymore."<br /><br />Reading ST reviews the other day I see where someone compared WHAT ARE LITTLE GIRLS MADE OF? with I MUDD. But it seems SHORE LEAVE oughta be in there too. What are all those "people" if not androids? And could "The Caretaker" be related to "The Old Ones" from the earlier episode? Whoever he is he seems to be one of the RARE cases in ST where you have a race that is actually "superior" as opposed to merely thinking they are.<br /><br />Yeoman Barrows seems to be filling in for Yeoman Rand. Considering how much attention Dr. McCoy showered on her it's just one more frustrating example of a potentially good character who appears once and then never shows up again! Sheesh.<br /><br />One thing missing from the last several I've watched that snuck back in here was Spock smiling. He was! I saw him. I really prefer knowing there's 2 sides to him going on inside all the time rather than this "submerged" business. When he said "Enjoy yourself sir." near the beginning you could see it wasn't just his addressing his superior officer but talking to his friend. And at the end when he needlessly says "Totally illogical!" I can't help but think he does it purely to provoke a reaction. He may not be smiling or laughing but I think he likes seeing his fellow crew members around him happy.
critique2647 I want to start my review by thanking the makers of this documentary it is obviously a labor of love and I think they did a pretty good job of putting together an enjoyable documentary about a person who has had so such little info available about him. It definitely has a fan worship feel about it which is a good thing.<br /><br />I had heard of Bruce Haack but didn't know much about him and I found the start of this documentary frustrating because I could hear other musicians talk about him but Bruce Haack himself was kept way too far off in the distance. I wanted to see this Bruce Haack guy!! I felt as though the makers assumed I already knew him as well as these musicians on the screen which I didn't so I felt a bit left in the dark.<br /><br />When Bruce was finally shown in action it was great and gave me a taste of who Bruce Haack was but it was only a taste. We got treated to more musicians and I felt as though I was being told "Look - all these cool musicians are into him so he must be cool!" I didn't really care much for the musician's commentary on Bruce.<br /><br />I wanted to see Bruce as a person. You know the important stuff - more interviews with people who worked with him or knew him. More about his life and yes his use of drugs and other issues. I would of liked to know so much more about his "Hackula" project. I wanted to get inside his mind. Even if they did this via some "voice of god" commentary and photos it would of been OK.<br /><br />The animations were good but again I felt these were used as filler they didn't really do anything other than allow me to hear his music and see some imagery based on the Dimension 5 records. I did think it was clever and creative but again... I wanted to learn more about Bruce! <br /><br />Maybe Bruce Haack was this elusive in real life?<br /><br />Anyway - in the end I enjoyed this documentary and felt a sort of sadness that such amazing pioneers and geniuses such as Mr. Haack get forgotten as the march of time stamps ever onwards. I am glad that this film is around to educate people about Bruce Haack even with its flaws.
critique2648 It is Queen Victoria's misfortune to be defined as an historical figure according to her relationships with men.Shortly after she succeeded to the throne she came under the influence of her Prime Minister Lord Melbourne to the extent that she became known as "Mrs Melbourne".After the death of her beloved husbandAlbertshe was referred to as "The Widow at Windsor"and years latera long friendship with her Scottish ghillie John Brown earned her the nickname "Mrs Brown".Such is the price women paid in a patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different and "Young Victoria" goes some way towards putting the record straightdepicting the queen as an intelligent and independent young woman conscious of the inequities in her society and at her court. Courts have always been hotbeds of seething jealousyplotting and counter-plottingnaked ambition and sometimesoutright murder. As an 18 year old innocentVictoria ascended to her uncle's thronethus initiating a positive orgy of intrigue and a power-struggle between Prime minister Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne cuts a dash in the Old Public School Man kind of way with his finely-honed cynicism and his well-polished gems of advice. Hardly surprising then that the young queen finds herself in awe of himand even perhaps a little in lovean awe that he ruthlessly exploitsdrawing a fine line between attempted seduction and attempted sedition as he forces his policies through against Victoria's better judgement. Into the arena rides Prince Alberton a mission from King Leopold of Belgiumkeen on political rapprochement between Great Britain and the rest of Europe. At first a reluctant suitorhe soon falls in love with the English queen and palliates the influence of the politicians and courtiers. "The Young Victoria" is a beautifully photographedbrilliantly-scored and very sumptuous movie.I note that it has been criticised in some quarters for this sumptuousness as if a movie about 19th century English Royalty should somehow have shown the Empress of India and her family living in rags in a filthy workhouse........I don't think so. I must single out the remarkable Miss Emily Blunt whose beauty reminded me of the young Princess Margaret's.Hers is obviously the pivotal role and she has absolutely no trouble in dominating the film despite strong performances from Mr Jim BroadbentMiss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet Walterall immeasurably more experienced. The music is suitably regal and forms a cohesive part of the whole movie without being in any way obtrusive. The fact that Britan flourished more under its two great queensElizabeth the First and Victoriathan at any other time is a matter Feminists might like to make more ofbutI suspectlike Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher really powerful women make them feel uncomfortable.If you can work out why there might be a Ph.D . in it.
critique2649 I haven't seen this movie since it came out at a drive in theater and I have been searching for it since. At the time I was 12 and the story excited me; and NOW the ending eludes me. It was young love that engrossed me the most not to mention John's vocals and Taupin's lyrics. The story (at the time) hit home to my psyche. I am a lover of sentimental movies and this still hangs in my head after 35 years- it is that good. Place yourself at adolescent age and let your fantasies run. If this movie didn't excite your curiosity then you were just too old. I look forward to seeing it again (even at my age)! If nostalgia is in your venue I'm sure this is an interesting movie to see. It's innocence is simply astounding and it's simplicity is so easy and enjoyable.
critique2650 Radio will have you laughing crying feeling. This story based on a true story is the perfect movie for a couple to view. There's enough for both. cuba Gooding Jr.portrays the title character to perfection. His performance is worthy of an academy award nomination.The compassion of the movie is obvious. The movie evokes many emotions. I sincerely enjoyed this film.
critique2651 I saw Insomniac's Nightmare not to long ago for the first time and I have to say I really found it to be quite good. If you are a fan of Dominic Monaghan you will love it. The hole movie takes place inside his mind -or does it? The acting from everyone else is a little rushed and shaky and some of the scenes could be cut down but it works out in the end. The extras on the DVD are just as great as the film if not greater for those Dom fans. It has tons of candid moments from the set outtakes and a great interview with the director. Anyone who has gone through making an independent film will love to watch Tess (the director) Dom and everyone else on the very small close personal set try to bang out this little trippy creepy film. It was pretty enjoyable and I'm glad to have it in my collection.
critique2652 This is a way cool fantasy movie. One of my faves it really is so cool. The director is Bernard Rose who went on to direct Candyman he made a great start with this film.<br /><br />The film about a girl called Anna who falls ill with glandular fever on her 11th birthday. She draws a house on a shred of paper from her exercise book and falls into a dream in which the house is real. Each subsequent dream that she has is altered by the presence of whatever she adds to the picture. In her third dream she meets a boy she thinks she has created called Mark. She befriends him and their relationship becomes stronger as the dreams become darker and scarier.<br /><br />Charlotte Burke who plays Anna is a terrific actress and it is very strange that after just one film she should disappear and never be in anything ever again. She really does give a great performance in this film.<br /><br />Hans Zimmer's score is also ace. Much like Broken Arrow the music is ghostly and mysterious. It's a real shame that the soundtrack is not available on CD anymore. The DVD is available in R2 only.
critique2653 The Three Stooges has always been some of the many actors that I have loved. I love just about every one of the shorts that they have made. I love all six of the Stooges (Curly Shemp Moe Larry Joe and Curly Joe)! All of the shorts are hilarious and also star many other great actors and actresses which a lot of them was in many of the shorts! In My opinion The Three Stooges is some of the greatest actors ever and is the all time funniest comedy team!<br /><br />One of My favorite Stooges shorts with Shemp is none other than Brideless Groom! All appearing in this short are Dee Green the beautiful Christine McIntyre Doris Houck Alyn Lockwood Johnny Kascier Nancy Saunders and Emil Sitka. Green and McIntyre provide great performances here! There are so many funny parts here. This is a very hilarious short. There is another similar Three Stooges short like this one called Husbands Beware and I recommend both!
critique2654 If people didn't know who Barbra Streisand was before this...(is that POSSIBLE?)...they sure knew who she was after!<br /><br />This show went on to win 5 Emmys & stands out as one the best things Streisand has ever done.<br /><br />It's made up of 3 acts....<br /><br />ACT I...Barbra singing standards from room to room filled with musicians including a segment where she is a little girl againall ending with a splendid version of her signature song(at the time)..."People".<br /><br />ACT II....A musical tour of Bergdoff-Goodmanwhile Barbra Sings poverty songs..it's better than it sounds...<br /><br />ACT III.....The best part Just Barbramusicians& some great songslike....."Happy Days Are Here Again"& a "Funny Girl" medley....<br /><br />all in all a great part of television historymade by one of the greatest performers in the world!
critique2655 My boyfriend and I went to watch The Guardian.At first I didn't want to watch it but I loved the movie- It was definitely the best movie I have seen in sometime.They portrayed the USCG very well it really showed me what they do and I think they should really be appreciated more.Not only did it teach but it was a really good movie. The movie shows what the really do and how hard the job is.I think being a USCG would be challenging and very scary. It was a great movie all around. I would suggest this movie for anyone to see.The ending broke my heart but I know why he did it. The storyline was great I give it 2 thumbs up. I cried it was very emotional I would give it a 20 if I could!
critique2656 Anyone who has ever gone on an audition can certainly relate to this one. Great story of an aspiring actor and the pressures he must deal with both personally and professionally in order to make it to the big time. Lou Myers as Half-Step Wilson provides many hilarious moments.
critique2657 Bluff I really think this movie is very good.<br /><br />Is basic a different kind of Colombian movie. Is hilarious and the actors uses local expressions that are so much fund to listen.<br /><br />It shows a different face o BogotÃƒÂ¡ and I think that's very important because Colombia is a diverse country and we need to show that to the world This is the first movie of the director Felipe Martinez and I really except this movie will be the beginning of a great career as a film director.<br /><br />We need to continue support Colombian filming industry because this movie and others good films are the beginning of something big.
critique2658 My first 'Columbo'. Rather enjoyed it. Great format and Peter Falk's character extremely good...wonderfully quirky he can take his place next to Poirot Miss Marple and also the likes of Marlowe and Rick Diamond. I can see why this series has such a following. <br /><br />As a professional musician I HAVE to say a few things. First of all a conductor who merely produces these pedestrian performances of the most basic examples of the repertoire (Eine Kleine Nachtmusik Strauss Waltzes Beethoven...) is never going to have a house like that or fame like that or cars like that much less be called a genius. And the conducting that the actor does is so bad as to be laughable. No orchestra would take him seriously. <br /><br />There are several little things too such as his rehearsal of Eine Kleine Nachtmusik (why rehearse it when they've just performed it for TV? Any orchestral musician would be able to play it in his or her sleep anyway...). His instructions to the ensemble are downright nonsensical and when Columbo asks Blythe Danner what 'quasi fantasia' means she says it's 'Latin'. It's Italian as are the vast majority of musical instructions. <br /><br />And finally no two great musicians would EVER have the following interchange: "Play something." "What should I play?" "Chopin". Music is their job and passion they know it well. Something far more specific would be asked for and offered! <br /><br />I know. I should get out more...
critique2659 I thought the movie was pretty good. I really enjoyed myself as I viewed it. However the last scene at Johnny's birthday party was cut way too short. I myself was an extra in that scene and was upset with the results. But other than that (and the weird casting) the movie was superb.
critique2660 We bought the DVD set of "Es war einmal das Leben" (German) / "Once Upon a Time... Life" (English) for our bilingual kids because everyone loved the "Es war einmal der Mensch" (German) / "Once Upon a Time... Man" (English) series (us parents had seen it as kids) and it has exceeded even high expectations! The series is very well made does not show its age and our kids at various ages really like to watch it. At the same time they learn things us parents didn't know until way way later. The series covers everything to do with the human body from organs all senses blood infection antibodies and much more in animated 20-25 min episodes. Topics some people may find "sensible" such as digestion and reproduction are covered in a tasteful discreet and child-friendly manner (the reproduction episode starts coverage mainly where the baby starts growing) while still (as typical) informative and fun.<br /><br />Children are usually fascinated with how their bodies work and through the episodes gain an understanding of this in the context of their environment. The format of the episodes switches between the outside world (a family with 2 children) and the inside of the body. For example in the episode covering infections the boy cuts himself accidentally and the wound gets infected and the episode covers how the body reacts to this. Similarly the episodes on the senses e.g. hearing seeing link what happens inside the body to the context of the outside world and the episode on respiration and circulation of oxygen in the blood covers the complete lifecycle including (briefly) where the oxygen comes from (plants).<br /><br />This is one of the best ever children's programs - I would say it's a must see for every family with kids!
critique2661 What can I say about this film other than the narrative is one of the most exciting in film history...and based on a true story! Being old enough to remember the Berlin Wall when it was still used to contain a country this film gives you a dark insight into the grim incarceration of East Berliners and their desperate attempts to escape no matter what the cost. The film follows the lives of two families  who decide to escape using a hot-air balloon manufactured by themselves. Forever fearing arrest by the authorities under scrutiny by neighbours they have to calculate a plan to reach the other side of the wall. A tense & thrilling story of courage and determination which truly pays homage to all those who succeeded and failed the treacherous journey to West Berlin and freedom.
critique2662 Accepted is a 2006 teen flick that stars the guy from the mac and PC ads. The movie is about Bartelby .B. Gaines a guy who has rejected from all the colleges he has applied for so decides to make his own college and invites all the other people who did not make it problem is hundreds of people sign up to his school. The movie is hilarious and I was lucky enough to buy it for $5.00 at a sale and I have always watched it since. Overall this movie is a must watch for fans of all comedy as it is funny witty and just a good movie all up. I rate this movie a very fair 78%. GO ACCEPTED MAKE A SEQUEL GUYS BUT MAKE SURE IT IS NOT CRAP.
critique2663 OK so maybe it's because I'm from the North East of Scotland and I talk just like the guys in this film but I found this great fun. Cheap fun to be sure but plenty of effort has gone into making the film look great and the actors certainly give it all. I was actually quite effected when they died. In particulare when the Captain finally fell. The script? Well it;s a game of 2 halfs. The opening half of the film is well written and sharp. The last half hour is not so great with many questions left unanswered. This will doubtless annoy others as it annoyed me. But nevertheless good fun and a very smart first feature from Sturton.
critique2664 The first thing you meet when you study fascism is ostracism:because this" philosophy " is a fake onethere's a need to use scapegoats to assess the "thought".Ettore Scola's movieprobably his masterpiece focuses on the outcaststhe scapegoats of the regime.<br /><br />Of the historical event (Hitler and Mussolini's alliance)we will see almost nothing:some military marchsome garlandssome scattered voices ..Our two heroes are not invited for the feast of virility. "Genius is essentially masculine" :this is the golden rule Antonietta (a never better Sophia Loren)embroidered on her cushion;Antonietta whose world amounts to her kitchenwhose pride is her offsprings .At the beginning of the movieshe's a victim of this hypermacho worldbut she does not realize it.She thinks she should be happy.Gabrielon the contrary is politically awarehe knows about the cancer that is destroying inexorably his country.But as a gay manhe is no longer part of ithe's about to be arrested.<br /><br />Forgetting everything that comes between themthey realize what they have in common and they make love.This is an act of rebellionparticularly for Antonietta whose ethic should forbid such a thing.Becoming an adulteress in a land where politics and religion combine to repress women as ever leads her to some kind of political awareness.One of the last shots shows her listening to the news on the radio.<br /><br />Expect the unexpected and maybe a doctrine which denies the human being his intimate personality will see that its days are numbered.
critique2665 Of all the football films I have watched this is one of the 2 best. The other being fever pitch. But Hero is about the greatest world cup ever and consequently arguably also the greatest player ever to play in a world cup Diego Maradona. This story is centered around him principally but also revolves around the other giants of the game at the time.<br /><br />The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful. The narration by Michael Caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic. This story is not about the individual games of the world cup; rather it is more about the emotions of the players and the beauty of the event itself.<br /><br />Exciting games like France v Brazil( one of the greatest games of all time ) were covered in the same vein. The final Argentin v W Germany was also in the same vein. highly recommended. A classic of world football. to be watched over and over again esp if you're a Maradona fan.
critique2666 The original Female Convict Scorpion is an all time masterpiece. The first sequel Jailhouse 41 was not quite as good in my opinion though it's still notable for the fact that it took the idea from the original and created something in a completely different style. Director Shunya Ito has managed to do the same thing again with this film; the story is a bit different here but still he's managed to take what made the previous entries excellent and better than many films of this type and craft something fairly original around it. Again the action focuses on Nami Matsushima (a.k.a. "Scorpion") and this time she's out of the jailhouse and not too keen on the idea of going back. After escaping from pursuing police officers one thing leads to another and Scorpion finds herself getting it together with a prostitute and her retarded brother. The prostitute ends up getting impregnated by the retarded brother (...) while Scorpion is kidnapped and caged up by someone who she made an enemy out of in prison. But Scorpion doesn't like spending time behind bars and it's not long before she's back to doing what she does best.<br /><br />The film gets off to a great start as we see Scorpion hack the arm off a copper intent on taking her back to jail. From there however the film slows down a lot and Beast Stable ends up being more of a drama than the previous two films. That's not to say that there isn't still plenty of action - Scorpion still spends a lot of time in 'revenge mode' and the film isn't exactly short on general sleaze. Meiko Kaji once again reprises her role as the sinister title character and it's another understated almost wordless performance. Her screen presence is great however and she manages to have a menacing presence despite being only small physically. The plot structure for this film is similar to the other two in that it all builds into a crescendo of revenge. There are more people who have angered Scorpion in this film than in the previous two so this section takes up a fairly large part of the film. There's a few surreal sequences not as many as in the first film and nowhere near as in the second but the film stays in with the rest of the series on that point. Overall I would say this film is between the first two in terms of quality - not as great as the original and slightly better than the second.
critique2667 Admittedly before seeing House of Wax I assumed it would simply be a second tier low quality teen slasher film following in the footsteps of such movies as The Darkness or Amityville Horror. After catching an advanced showing at my college campus I can honestly say that the people at Dark Castle have done an excellent job with the task of making a slasher. <br /><br />Starting with the usual staples of a teenage horror film such as the small group of friends departing on a road trip coming across an odd detour taking them through country back-roads meeting creepy locals after the slow but mandatory back-story this movie really reaches a fast clip. Paris Hilton appears in this film as many already know but I really have to give it to her for her ballsy performance. Clearly her acting wasn't worth an Oscar but the filmmakers use her appearance to its fullest by squeezing two blatant satires of her let's just say less noble media appearance into this film. Ms. Hilton also claims the title for the greatest death scene in the movie and not simply because it was her death scene.<br /><br />This movie is full to the brim with jumpy moments and cheap scares but Jaume Serra has definitely created quality suspense and tension between the characters. The causes for the horror are in part based on making the audience care for the characters which we do. By making the usual buildup followed with a loud noise and jerked camera some other scary moments. These standard movie techniques adopted from many movies past are almost perfected with this film and provide many good scares. In fact there isn't a slow moment after they get to the small town where the dreaded House of Wax museum is. <br /><br />This film owes a lot to many previous movies of this and other genres though I'm not too sure how much came from the original 1953 movie of the same title. References to such movies as both Texas Chainsaw Masacres Saw and even Titanic (see Paris Hilton's big death scene and you'll know what I mean) are common but in the end the payoff will leave you scared and fulfilled if you are looking for a good scare with a few laughs. Not bad.
critique2668 I found this movie to be a simple yet wonderful comedy. This movie is purely entertaining. I can watch it time and time again and still enjoy the dialog and chemistry between the characters. I truly hope for a DVD release!
critique2669 This movie was absolutely wonderful. The pre-partition time and culture has been recreated beautifully. Urmila has given yet another brilliant performance. What I truly admire about this movie is that it doesn't resort to Pakistan-bashing that is running rampant in movies like Gadar and LOC. With the partition as a backdrop the movie does not divert to political issues or focus on violence or what is right and wrong. The movie always centers around the tragic story of Urmila's life. Her fragile relationship with Manoj Bajpai has been depicted excellently. The movie actually shows how the people both Hindus and Muslims have suffered from this partition. The theme that there is only one religion is truly prevalent in this film.
critique2670 This covers just about every area of the creative process and goes through the three stages chronologically with the main focus squarely placed on the production. There are documentaries that go into more detail and cover the other two groups better. This consists of artwork behind-the-scenes footage clips of the movie and many interviews. With a running time that comes in at just over two hours the audience is entitled to a lot of information given that this is nearly the same length that the film itself is. It could be argued that a lot of the time is spent on the people with the craft and the result of their collaborative efforts coming in second. This is well-done with tight editing. It gets into the technology some and reveals how certain effects were achieved. This spends a lot of time on the physical training in preparation for the fighting and such. You do get nice candid shots of the people crew and actors alike. The Ultimate Matrix 10-Disc Set of this also holds nearly three hours of music in a simple system with individual track selection and a Play All function about 38 minutes worth of BTS material in addition to the title itself in various featurettes. The original release however has several very brief extras including clips of the making of the sequels a preview of The Animatrix and Yuen Wo Ping's Blocking Tapes(a complete run-through of a couple of the biggest martial arts sequences with stunt performers and almost the exact cinematography with the same shots and angles of those bits in the finished silver screen effort). The language is quite strong but rather infrequent nearly non-existent. I recommend either version of this to anyone who enjoys the concept and/or wants to know about how they put the first one together. 7/10
critique2671 In the trivia section for Pet Sematary it mentions that George Romero (director of two Stephen King stories Creepshow and The Dark Half) was set to direct and then pulled out. One wonders what he would've brought to the film as the director Mary Lambert while not really a bad director doesn't really bring that much imagination to this adaptation of King's novel of which he wrote the screenplay. There are of course some very effective grotesquely surreal scenes (mainly involving the sister Zelda likely more of a creep-out for kids if they see the film) and the casting in some of the roles is dead-perfect. But something feels missing at times some sort of style that could correspond with the unmistakably King-like atmosphere which is in this case about as morbid as you're going to get without incestuous cannibals rising from the graves being thrown in (who knows if he'll save that for his final novel...) <br /><br />As mentioned though some of the casting is terrific notably Miko Hughes as Gage Creed the little boy who goes from being one of the cutest little kids this side of an 80's horror movie to being a little monster (I say that as a compliment of course especially in scenes brandishing a certain scalpel). And there is also a juicy supporting role for Fred Gwynne of the Munsters who plays this old secretive man with the right notes of under-playing and doom in tone. And applause goes to whomever did the make-up on Andrew Hubatsek. But there are some other flaws though in the other casting; Dale Midkiff is good not great as the conflicted disturbed father figure Creed and his daughter Ellie is played by an actress that just didn't work for me at all.<br /><br />In terms of setting up some chilling set-pieces only a couple really stand-out: a certain plot-thickening moment (not to spoil it does involve a cool Ramones song) and the first visit to the pet sematary (the bigger one) including the sort of mystical overtones King had in the Shining. For the most part it's a very polished directing job though it could've been made even darker to correspond with the script. If thought out in logical terms (albeit in King terms) it is really one of his more effective works of the period. But it doesn't add up like it could or should. Still it makes for a nifty little midnight movie.
critique2672 I'm from Phoenix city and the first time i saw this movie and read the book it only confirmed the stories i had heard all of my life. i asked my grandfather about the mob and he told me that when he got back from fighting in the pacific theatre he started up a CPA firm that is know the largest in the Columbus area. when he was just starting out he was asked by the mob to do financial work for them but he said that he gently declined. even when the FBI and army came through Phoenix city and cleaned it up my grandfather wouldn't take it lightly when my mom aunt or uncle went across the river but i assure you all of that is over now. the downtown area of Phoenix city is in need of restoration and it has slums by the courthouse where all of the shooting STILL OCCASIONALLY takes place over angry uneducated low socio-economic people and the 14th street Phoenix-eagle bridge has been shut down for a solid 15 years and replaced by a newer 13th street bridge but on the more fair side of Phoenix city on summerville rd. it is very quaint and the scenery depressing.<br /><br />another incident was told to me by my best friend's family from high school that lives in a nothing spot on hwy 165 called Holy Trinity Alabama which is about 28 minutes outside of Columbus Ga. my best friend in high school's uncle was a man that went by the name of Old Man Davis. regardless of how the movie goes that fact is that there were 3 bosses and Old Man Davis was one of them...you can even read about him in the original book. legend has it that he was so cold-blooded that he went to downtown Phoenix city to make a deal with a man but apparently the man backed out on the deal right in front of Old Man Davis so the Old Man Davis proceeded to take a sawed off shotgun out of his coat and shoot the man in the chest in the middle of town by the courthouse. they say he even walked off nonchalantly because the mob had paid off every law enforcement official in town so he had nothing to worry about.<br /><br />another incident is about a bridge that another one of my friends owns a rental house next to in downtown Phoenix city. it is the same bridge that the mob killed and threw a black man off of and you can even read that part in the book. i also would like to as that in many columbus and Phoenix city civilians were asked to be extras in the movie. when the patterson's friend is murdered and brought to trial and proved guilty in front of the judge but still set free well the judge is my fathers partner in his law firm in columbus who unfortunatlly is deceased.
critique2673 <br /><br />Horror movie time Japanese style. Uzumaki/Spiral was a total freakfest from start to finish. A fun freakfest at that but at times it was a tad too reliant on kitsch rather than the horror. The story is difficult to summarize succinctly: a carefree normal teenage girl starts coming face to face w/ extremely disturbing events as the small town she lives in seems to come under the control of spirals. The spirals are everywhere in the air clouds dirt and everyday objects. The spirals take control of people and bad things will happen to them. Oh another thing people are randomly turning into snails. Why? Who knows or cares people are turning into snails that's enough for me. This wasn't as much scary as just creepy as it doesn't have a lot of suspense or jarring attacks as horror films often do. Uzumaki prefers to creep and crawl (like a snail might!) rather than to jolt. A favorite scene: a woman lies sleeping in a hospital room when this long thousand legged centipede creature makes its way into the room and slowly up the bed post across the sheets over the pillow and into her sleeping ear. I cringed and curled my toes. Uzumaki has a handful of scenes really violent but that are sort of humorous as well. For example a man is obsessed w/ spirals he gets into his washer because he sees a spiral in it when it spins he commits spiral suicide inside the washer. The last shot we see of him is w/ his body all coiled & rubber like a human flesh spiral w/ a engorged single eye blinking in the middle of the washer. A bizarre image. Uzumaki has a blatant psychodelic slant to it which adds to its charm and fun. I love horror movies like this. It's not about killing a la slasher films it's about a force of evil (the spirals!) taking over you and trying to kill you force you to kill others. Films like Uzumaki prove that there are many ways to make a horror film and thank goodness for that
critique2674 Rarely does a film capture such intense drama and emotion. What makes this film so unsettling is that the drama feels so real it's almost hard to remember that it's only a movie. This is by far Madeline Stowe and Alan Rickman's performance of their careers. The film almost feels like a theatrical production the way it is staged and lit. The only bad thing about this movie is that it's very difficult to get a copy of it. I have yet to see it other than on Laserdisc. This truly powerful film deserves a digitally remastered transfer and special edition treatment on DVD. It really is that good.
critique2675 Let's keep it simple: My two kids were glued to this movie. It has its flaws from an adult perspective but buy some jelly-worms and just enjoy it. <br /><br />And the Pepsi girl was excellent!<br /><br />And Kimberly Williams was pretty gosh-darned hot although she's not in the film very much so don't get too excited there.<br /><br />Not that's it's really a bad thing but it is the kind of movie you watch just once. Don't buy the DVD.<br /><br />Enjoy!<br /><br />Did I mention Kimberly Williams? (That was for the dads.)
critique2676 Daniel Day Lewis is one of the best actors of our time and one of my favorites. It is amazing how much he throws himself in each of the characters he plays making them real.<br /><br />I remember many years ago we had a party in our house - the friends came over we were sitting around the table eating drinking the wine talking laughing - having a good time. The TV was on - there was a movie which we did not pay much attention to. Then suddenly all of us stopped talking and laughing. The glasses did not clink the forks did not move the food was getting cold on the plates. We could not take our eyes off the screen where the young crippled man whose entire body was against him and who only had a control over his left foot picked up a piece of chalk with his foot and for what seemed the eternity tried to write just one word on the floor. When he finished writing that one word we all knew that we had witnessed not one but three triumphs - the triumph of a human will and spirit the triumph of the cinema which was able to capture the moment like this on the film and the triumph of an actor who did not act but who became his character.<br /><br />Jim Sheridan's "My Left Foot" is an riveting unsentimental bio-drama about Christy Brown the man who was born with cerebral palsy in a Dublin slum; who became an artist and a writer and who found a love of his life.<br /><br />I like every one of Day Lewis's performances (I have mixed feelings about his performance in GONY) but I believe that his greatest role was Christy Brown in "My Left Foot"
critique2677 If scientists behaved in a way that H.G. Wells was confident they would in the future history wouldn't quite have turned out the way it did in Things To Come. Were almost 80 years past the point that Wells wrote The Shape Of Things To Come on which this film is based and no closer to the world he describes than before in some ways farther away.<br /><br />Though such well known players as Raymond Massey Ralph Richardson and Cedric Hardwicke are in the cast they're more caricatures than real characters. It's the main weakness with the film it's devoted to Wells's philosophy of science will solve all problems and the rest of us are backward fools.<br /><br />Massey's characters two generations of the same family holds that supremely optimistic view. Cedric Hardwicke is a skeptic who feels man is rushing too far forward. And Ralph Richardson is a warlord arisen from the destruction of another Thirty Years War fought with modern weapons. By the way as the atomic bomb had not been invented poison gas was deemed to be weapon that almost destroys mankind.<br /><br />According to Wells science and conquest can never mix. Scientists as a group are far too above the world of politics to engage in such things. In Wells's lifetime scientists certainly fled the rightwing fascistic governments of Hitler and Mussolini. Those same folks however in order to defeat them subordinated themselves to the Allies and fashioned the atomic weapons that ushered in the modern age. If they behaved as Wells would have liked them to someone like Albert Einstein would have headed a junta of scientists who would have established a new order after World War II. <br /><br />Wells got it wrong both in time and in development. He apparently never envisioned the computer as well as atomic power. Computer programmers are far more likely to be our rulers in a brave new world than scientists at the moment. Still Things To Come aided by the direction of William Cameron Menzies and the sets created offer an interesting glimpse into the mind of H.G. Wells certainly a respected thinker of his time though he didn't quite get right the shape of Things To Come.
critique2678 A wonderfully quirky film with enough twists for a sack of pretzels. Parker Posey plays Fay Grim as a sexy vulnerable loving mother who may or may not be what she seems. The story is very tongue in cheek and the dialog skillfully understated. Hints of humor and intrigue neither of which overpower the characterization Posey pulls off so well. The supporting cast is stellar. The downside? This film needs your full attention almost to the point of stopping the film and taking notes. Posey has more sex appeal in her lifting of an eyebrow than most actresses have in their entire body. She's worth your time even if you don't understand the denouement.
critique2679 Tony Arzenta a Sicilian hit-man or professional killer decides to leave the business and his former employers do not agree.In terms of content this highly enjoyable action movie doesn't have one; in terms of sheer amusement it is funÃ‚Â—it is very melodramatic violent quite brutal the car chases are notable. "Arzenta" is an unpretentious yet very likable filmÃ‚Â—much better than the current Hollywoodian trash that gets the same label. It comes from Delon's rather short flirting with the Italian B cinema of the '70s. It carefully uses Delon's tough guy persona belonging to the gallery of bad-ass thugs that he made in his youth. <br /><br />I enjoyed very much the fact that Delon made this film that he had a role in a good Eurocrime flick.<br /><br />The score is very fine with a good introductory songÃ‚Â—making felt that gusto that the Italians had for the film considered as a synthetic workwhere the musical art has an important part.<br /><br />In Tony Arzenta/ Big Guns/ No Way Out the very appealing Erika Blanc (31 years in '73) appears as an unnamed hooker.Meanwhile Arzenta's girlfriend Sandrais played by Carla Gravina (a starlet that practically left the movies after '75).<br /><br />"Arzenta" is interestingly filmedÃ‚Â—an ambitious visual conception some Expressionistic peculiar angles. The movie was directed by the prolific Duccio Tessarithe one who made also Zorro (the Delon comedy).Needless to mention that these two filmsTony Arzenta (1973) and Zorro are very unlike.The first one is a bloody melodramatic violent action movie--the second is a lighthearted comedymore kindred to a spoofthough remarkably coherent and skilfully made.Duccio Tessari directed films like Kiss Kiss... Bang Bang (1966)Sons of Satan The Bloodstained Butterfly Ã‚Â¡Viva La Muerte... Tua! Tough Guys (1974)Safari Express (1976) etc..
critique2680 I have wanted to see this for the longest time James Merendino is a great director. SLC Punk is one of my favorite movies and in the first ten minutes of this film I thought that it was a great follow up after that though it begins to drag. The acting and direction were terrific. In fact everything in the film seemed to flow except for the script. At times the only thing keeping my attention was the fact that in the cast was the most beautiful woman in the world Claire Forlani. This film was good but I expected more.<br /><br />P.S. Look for great cameos by Chi McBride and Chris McDonald.
critique2681 The Perfect Son is a story about two 30-something brothers one who is seemingly "perfect" and the other who is basically a screw-up frequently landing himself in drug rehab centers. After the death of their father the two are brought together after a long absence and the usual sibling rivalry resurfaces. It isn't until the "perfect" brother makes the startling revelation that he has AIDS that the irresponsible younger brother finally makes a move to get his life in order and take some responsibility.<br /><br />The movie does a nice job of chronicling the younger brother's "comeback" though it may seem a bit far-fetched at times (beating drug addiction is never so easy). What makes the film more tender is the treatment of AIDS a topic that has become somewhat passe in cinema over the last 5-10 years. And also the development of an almost sweet relationship between the two formerly feuding brothers is very believable and well-done. The two main actors were both very competent if not terribly charismatic.<br /><br />A solid first feature effort from director and writer Leonard Farlinger whose own brother died of AIDS. The ending is nicely done as well.<br /><br />
critique2682 Yesterday I attended the world premiere of "Descent" at the Tribeca Film Festival in NYC. I had a great time. It was sold out and attended by all the major stars including fellow my-spacer Marcus Patrick.<br /><br />I give the movie 7.5 starts out of a possible 10 stars.<br /><br />The movie begins with Maya (Rosario Dawson) at college. You can envision the typical college environment with wild parties and flirtations going on. The photography in this film was excellent. She meets Jared (Chad Faust) and they become sweethearts. It appears like any other relationship in the beginning. The man is in quest of the woman's attention and affection and the woman is playing hard to get. Both played this well. Very innocent flirtation between the two. He invites her to his apartment and everything falls apart.<br /><br />The apartment is very dreary and dark. They eventually end up in the basement which is extremely dark and lit by numerous candles. This actually reminded me of a dungeon. Here is where he shows his true colors and proceeds to rape her. This is a very dark and gritty rape scene. This scene is not for the young or weak at heart. The rape scene is a little long and hard to take but it is necessary for the rest of the movie that follows.<br /><br />Maya now starts to lose her soul to drugs and sex. She falls into her own abyss. She starts attending the wildest of parties and wakes up one morning in a room with no recollection on how she got there. She is told to go see Adrian (Marcus Patrick). The first thing I remember about this character is that they say "he is the person who saves anyone who needs saving". He is actually the one who introduces Maya to drugs. They begin a relationship of dependency which comes into play later in the movie. The club scenes at this point of the movie are photographed with extreme expertise. I thought they were well done and I noticed that the director of photography was applauded at the end of the showing during the credits by the audience.<br /><br />Maya is then back in college as a TA and who is in her class -- Jared her rapist!! You could see the confusion and emotion on Maya's face. What should I do?? What do I do next?? The shots of her face and the emotions are priceless.<br /><br />What unfolds next is not actually whats happening. She acts interested in Jared. She appears to be looking to revive the relationship and be sweethearts again. I was sitting there saying could this really be happening. It wasn't. Nothing could be farther from the truth.<br /><br />She invites him to her apartment and of course he shows up. Now her apartment is dark and gritty. She has him strip down completely. He thinks he's going to get "lucky". She then teases him like any woman can. She's caressing him everywhere and he's getting excited. Note:: for anyone who plans on seeing this movie this scene is full frontal nudity - may not be right for the younger viewer.<br /><br />She then turns the situation around and she becomes the beast and proceeds to rape him. Once again the scene is dark gritty and very rough.<br /><br />If you are going to see the movie and don't want to know what happens next skip this paragraph and go on to the last paragraph.<br /><br />This is where Adrian reenters the picture. Maya has Adrian save(?) her by performing extremely rough male sex with Jared. She thinks this is the final revenge. Adrian continues to take all of Jared's manhood and strips his dignity to nothing. Marcus as Adrian plays this scene as believable as anyone can. He is a strong actor playing a strong character and the strength comes out all over the screen. After the movie during a Q&A session Marcus explained that this scene required a lot of trust between him and Chad. Maya believes that this revenge will save her but I don't think it does. One of the final scenes has a closeup of Mays's face and you see a tear roll down her cheek. This was a fabulous closeup scene and evokes constant discussion from anyone who goes to see this movie. Did she get the revenge she wanted?? Was it as satisfying as she expected?? In my opinion it does not. It only makes matters worse.<br /><br />This is an excellent movie will well acted roles and I recommend it to anyone who is thinking about going to see it. I would just be a little hesitant if under 17 years of age. Rosario Chad and Marcus should be commended for jobs well done. The directing and photography must also be commended. It was a night that I enjoyed.
critique2683 I just finished watching the movie tonight and I truly loved it. John Denver didn't play a pastor but it was the reverend of the little town who decided to leave the floor for John Denver to speak. It's a really great movie with a wonderful Christmas message. It was also fun to watch.
critique2684 Paul Reiser steps away from the standup comedy spotlight to write a warmly humorous and gently tender story about family - what we see and what we don't see what we expect and what surprises us. THE THING ABOUT MY FOLKS doesn't set any new standards for film but it is a fine little story well told that reminds us about the significant bonds that family represents.<br /><br />Sam Kleinman (Peter Falk) has been a workaholic at times pushing his wife Muriel (Olympia Dukakis) his daughters (Mackenzie Connolly and Lydia Jordan) and his son Ben (Paul Reiser) into the background. One day Muriel leaves a note that after years of marriage she is leaving! Her daughters along with Ben's wife Rachel (Elizabeth Perkins) immediately begin the search for her whereabouts leaving the confused and hurt and disgruntle Sam to sort things out on a road trip with son Ben. The road trip becomes a time for the two men to learn who each other is and what they each mean to their status as father and son and as family members. Sam relaxes for the first time in his life and introduces the now workaholic Ben to the pleasures and fun of living. The trip comes to an end with a phone call about the whereabouts of Muriel and why she left and the regrouping of the wiser family draws the story's warm ending. All is not what it seemed: it's better and well different.<br /><br />Falk and Reiser play off each other like the pros they are but in many ways the film belongs to the brief moments when Olympia Dukakis is on screen reminding us that she is one of our strongest matriarchs on film. Well worth viewing. Grady Harp
critique2685 Weak fast and multicolorthis is the Valvoline's movie in fact you can see always this brand of oil in a lot of scene. The real protagonist are the carsweak performances of Cage and Duvall. A intresting Angelina Jolie is a unlikely mechanic. For the lovers of dream car(LAMBORGHINI and FERRARI over all).
critique2686 The primary aspect of this film which most people miss is that Luhzin lives his life as a chess game. So many people have seen this film and just don't get it and I don't understand why. While watching this film I was taken on a private journey which floored me. I will try to explain this without any spoilers but be forewarned I do talk about things that happen in the movie.<br /><br />**** Possible Spoilers **** Be Forewarned!****<br /><br />His is a life of "large moves" versus "small moves". He chooses Natalia to be his Queen and he and she behave as his Aunt first described the King and Queen and their moves when she introduced him to chess as a boy. Listen closely to that description.<br /><br />When someone asks him a question he flashbacks to the past as if reviewing past moves. (The flashbacks are beautifully lit by the way.) The flashbacks are quite interesting as well for they give not only his point of view as a child but the point of view of the other character as well. It's stunning.<br /><br />Various characters become either his helpers or his enemies pawns bishops and knights their actions enlightening you as to who's side they are on. Even their placement in a scene is pivotal to understanding what is going on. Beautifully done.<br /><br />I will not comment more on what happens to the character of Luhzin but I hope that this will illuminate what is actually happening at the end.<br /><br />This film is constantly working on many levels which is why I endorse it. It was a treat and a joy to watch.<br /><br />If you like this film I would recommend a film called Fresh. The only way that these films are similar is the use of chess and the characters being treated as pieces.<br /><br />
critique2687 I found this movie to be suspenseful almost from the get-go. When Miss Stanwyck starts her narration it's only a few minutes until you realize that trouble is coming. The deserted area the lock on the deserted gas station door everything sets you up to wait for it...here it comes. At first you think it will be about the little boy but all too soon you start holding your breath watching the tide coming in. I found this movie to be really stressful even though I had watched it before and was prepared for the denouement. Now a movie that can keep you in suspense even when you have seen it before deserves some sort of special rating maybe a white knuckles award?
critique2688 We start all of our reviews with the following information. My wife and I have seen nearly 100 movies per year for the past 15 years. Recently we were honored by receiving lifetime movie passes to any movie any time at no cost! So we can see whatever we want whenever we want. The point of this is that CRITICS count for ZERO. Your local critics or the national critics like Ebert are really no different than you or me. The only difference is that they get to write about the movie and are forced to see hundreds of movies whether they want to or not.Therefore it is our belief that if you get your monies worth for two hours of enjoyment that is good enough for us! We NEVER EVER listen or read the critics. We only care about our friends and those who we know like the same things as us. Well enough about that. <br /><br />When Meryl Streep the head of the NSC in the movie says "The United States does not torture" it got a big laugh at this movie. It is of course a lie that the Bush Administration has denied time and again. It is a very good movie and it is scary in what they can do to us as we lose all of our civil rights. They can simply "snatch" you anywhere and tell know one that they have done it. In this case they snatch a man who has a name similar to those who killed thousands on 9-11. He is of course just like you or I. And so they take him to a secret location outside of the US to torture and waterboard him. <br /><br />Very frightening. Well acted by Jake and Reese and the entire cast.
critique2689 It took me time to really appreciate John Carpenter's Halloween. As a kid I remember I really enjoyed the sequels especially The Return of Michael Myers which I still think is the best Halloween sequel. But I thought the first one was slow and took way too much time to get to the pointÃ‚Â­. I watched it a couple of times recently and I know now I was wrong. Today I truly understand this film the meaning it has the whole feeling of this horror masterpiece. It's not about blood and gore. It's not about naked chicks and lame jokes. It's about the worst night in Laurie Strode's short life. It's about the night his demented brother comes back home to finish what he started 15 years ago. This movie is meant to be scary and I think it succeeds very well. It's also one of the first slasher movies a horror sub-genre that I always loved. Halloween has a very dark atmosphere creepy music and talented young actors such as Jamie Lee Curtis in her first role. Need I say more? Anyone who's never seen it horror fan or not should do his cinematic homework right now. Very highly recommended!
critique2690 This documentary was my first introduction to Peak Oil theory. A fascinating concept that has a lot of frightening consequences if it turns out to be correct. I had absolutely no idea that the effects of oil depletion would come so soon it literally took my breath away. This movie will probably open your eyes as to how strongly the American way of life is dependent on the "abundance of cheap oil" - a term used throughout the film. A lot of the topics are plain common sense and they don't go into a huge amount of depth about any of them. But you've probably never put all the pieces together like this movie does. The interviews with the authors and energy experts are all very interesting. I don't think this film is meant to scare people. It's merely meant to inform people about what to expect in the years ahead and maybe to encourage you to think twice about commuting 100miles to work and leaving your lights on all day long.<br /><br />After watching this film I was no longer able to look at the cars and buses zooming by quite the same. Great documentary everyone should see it.
critique2691 Set in Bam Margera's hometown of Westchester PA 'Haggard' is a semi-true story about the life of Ryan Dunn and his buddies Falcone and Vallo.<br /><br />Dunn has been dumped by his girlfriend of 2 years Glauren who is now seeing a beer swilling long haired metal head named 'Hellboy' and this is driving Dunn insane with jealousy.<br /><br />In a desperate attempt to find out the truth about what is going on between Glauren and Hellboy Dunn pays his friends Vallo and Falcone to break into her house and produce evidence of the affair with somewhat disastrous results for all concerned! I found this movie very funny maybe partly because I am a total Jackass and CKY fan and it has to be said that a lot of the humour will probably be lost on those that do not have prior knowledge of Margera insane brand of 'comedy'.<br /><br />The movie contains much that will be of interest to skaters not least the cameo appearance of skateboarding legend Tony Hawk as a police officer. There are also cameo's from Bucky Lasek Brandon Novak Jason Ellis and Bam's long suffering parents April and Phil.<br /><br />The DVD extra's include music video's from CKY (featuring Bam's Brother Jess on drums) and Bam's favourite band HIM (Bam's character in the movie takes his name from HIM frontman Ville Vallo) There is also a documentary and a "too hot for jackass" skit.<br /><br />In summary as I said before this movie will mainly be of interest to skaters and Jackass/CKY fans but I do feel that Margera and co have made a great effort with 'Haggard' and I for one thoroughly enjoyed it.
critique2692 With all thats going on in the world sometimes we need an escape. Curly Sue is just that. Not a complicated plot or deep meaning; however it is not devoid of substance. There is more than furious action or heart pounding dramas. There are the charming little shows you can watch with your kids and have enough substance to enjoy with your date. Try it you may like it more than you think. The little girl is really smart and cute. The "Dad" and the girl go thru some slapstick routines. When a jealous boyfriend steps in trouble brews for Curly and the life shes known may be torn asunder. Fred Thompson and Kelly Lynch play good roles as the upper crust and Alison Porter and James Belushi are a interesting fable like duo portraying street wise homeless drifters. Their worlds collide and comedy ensues.
critique2693 This movie was much better than I expected. ++++ Jean Peters actually does a passable job as a pirate and does decent work in her sword fights. (To the extent she may have a double doing the action it's hard to tell...but Peters herself obviously is doing a good deal of it and doing it well.) ++++ With a good and serious script this could have been an excellent film. But it's basically cheesy. Still entertaining however. ++++ Not up to a regular Jacques Tournier film but definitely above a regular Jean Peters film. Color is typical of this '50s time period ie. too garish and not realistic. The actors for Blackbeard and her first mate and the drunken doctor were good. Louis Jordan was a bit weak. I don't think Debra Paget was right either. But certainly Jean Peters and Debra Paget were probably the two best looking female stars in the '50s.
critique2694 Back when in the States I was like about 7 or 8 I always woke early just to watch this together with a whole bunch of other cartoons like HootKloot The Road Runner Show The Pink Panther. But this was perhaps one of the most memorable and funny animated works out there and I still find it very funny today I'll never forget the episodes like the one where two aardvarks were fighting over the can of chocolate ant pudding? or the one where the aardvark is trying to reach the island where all the ants are at and my personal favorite the one where the ant the aardvark and a dog end up in an animal hospital which would later be the basis of a similar Looney Toon cartoon with Sylvester Tweety and the bulldog. This is one of the most unforgettable cartoons out there in which anyone would love to revisit I would. An excellent series.
critique2695 Contains Spoilers<br /><br />This is a Peter Watkins film. If one has seen his BBC masterpieces "Cullodden" and "The War Game" one will recognize the style (and his voice) within seconds after the start. Made in 1971 it is set in a very near future when the Vietnam war has escalated even more and now seems to involve China. Nixon is still president and civil disobedience and protest is dealt with violently using drumhead tribunals (outwardly civilian with 'everyday citizens' as judges). Because "prison building can't keep up" an alternative is introduced: The Punishment Park. Delinquents can choose between severe prison sentences and a man hunt in a hostile environment in this case a 85 km trip through the Californian desert at 100Ã‚Â°F. If they reach an American flag at the end without being caught by National Guard or Riot Police they will be set free or else they have to serve their sentence (or be dead as we will see). The film is made in a completely documentary style with three European teams covering a tribunal and the course of two groups already sentenced. Scenes jump between the tribunal tent the hunting troops and the hunted condemned. Watkin's scarce off commentary gives us raw background information (time temperature etc.). The tribunal scenes show a kangaroo court on the one side and a wide range of personalities on the other ranging from real terrorists over 'undesirables' to clearly innocents (e.g. a total pacifist who can't even hurt flies). The defense lawyer (who does take his job seriously) has to take abuse from both sides. What makes these scenes especially eerie is their resemblance to the rhetoric of todays administration to the detail. Meanwhile some unfortunate events in the desert make clear that the 'rules of the game' don't really apply. The question remains open whether it is rigged from the start or arbitrariness by the troops due to those events that leads to the outcome (I suspect it is both). At the end we are back at square one with the next group going to "Punishment Park". This description may indicate a heavily biased (or even demagogic) propaganda movie but that would be misleading. The behavior (all participants were nonprofessionals as usual with Watkins) looks and sounds real (the tribunal scenes may even contain text material from real contemporary trials). I'd say that this could be sold as the 'real thing' without problem. With Watkins's "The Forgotten Faces" the reaction was "We can't send that or nobody will believe our real newsreels anymore (because this is indistinguishable from the real thing)". With "Punishment Park" it ought to be the same. Effectively banned in the US as far as I know this is a must see that hasn't lost its power or its relevance (especially today).
critique2696 The Violent Men marked the finest collaboration of Rudolph MatÃƒÂ© with Glenn Ford in an intensely satisfying drama of rugged primitive justiceÃ‚Â… <br /><br />Ford is John Parrish a former Cavalry captain who is itching to get married and start a new lifeÃ‚Â… His fiancÃƒÂ©e Caroline Vail (May Wynn) is desperate to move east and to see him selling his spread to Lee Wilkison (Edward G. Robinson).<br /><br />Parrish is not even much of a cattlemanÃ‚Â… but he do understand that there is something big building up in the valleyÃ‚Â… In the Army they used to call it 'enemy pressure.' First Cole Wilkison (Brian Keith) comes back from Texas to help his brother run AnchorÃ‚Â… Then a tough kid with a fancy gun (Richard Jaeckel) shows up on the Wilkison payrollÃ‚Â… Then all the small ranchers are forced out getting the same kind of offersÃ‚Â… Parrish saw himself either running like they did or stand and fightÃ‚Â…<br /><br />But can he easily deals with a man who sends six killers to shoot an old man in the back? Can he easily argues with a man who started with a few acres of land and now owns practically the whole valley? <br /><br />All that grass and sand ever meant to the ex-Confederate Army officer the past three yearsÃ‚Â… It was a place to regain his healthÃ‚Â… Out of habit of taking advice Parrish affirms: "What happen in this valley is no concern of mine." And much to the disappointment of the remaining ranchers and farmers who pressure him to stay on he decides to accept Wilkison's offer to fulfill the promise he made to his fiancÃƒÂ©eÃ‚Â…<br /><br />When Lee's younger brother Cole made the wrong move trying to push Parrish make up his mind by lynching one of his ranch hands Parrish got mad and warns the two brothers that he is going to stay and will fight them for the privilege of being let aloneÃ‚Â… <br /><br />Brian Keith plays the traitorous brother who's behind the killing... He dreams to have position and respect in running one day AnchorÃ‚Â… <br /><br />Lee's ambitious wife Martha (Barbara Stanwyck) secretly hates herself and her husbandÃ‚Â… Stanwyck plays the part of a loving wife who can't bear the touch of her husband's handsÃ‚Â… <br /><br />Edward G. Robinson is good enough as the Anchor's crippled owner who promised the whole valley to his wife unaware that she is having an affair with his younger brotherÃ‚Â…<br /><br />Dianne Foster is too sensitive as the unsociable adult daughter well aware of her mother's burdensÃ‚Â… <br /><br />"The Violent Men" uses the wide-screen technology to emphasize the scope and power of this harrowing action-drama making it a perfect example of the genre's most enduring classicsÃ‚Â
critique2697 Unfortunately I've never seen the full version of this movie. I did see the 87-minute version twice back in the 1950s. Even more floridly directed than is the norm with Julien Duvivier this is a wonderfully out-of-the-ordinary piece replete with sweeping tracking shots through over and into Andrejew's magnificently atmospheric sets. Beautifully lit too by photographer AndrÃƒÂ© Thomas Black Jack is nothing if not a connoisseur's delight. Reinforcing this imaginative visual style is a script that allows a roster of our favorite actors including Agnes Moorehead and Marcel Dalio some brilliantly bizarre full-blooded characterizations. George Sanders gives a polished performance whilst an eccentric millionairess (who turns out to be a rival racketeer) is admirably played by Agnes Moorehead. Also realizing the most from her role Patricia Roc. The film was made on locations in Spain in 1949.
critique2698 I saw this film and heard the writer-director Juan Gerard speak at the Santa Barbara Int'l Film Festival.<br /><br />All I knew about it was that it was the story of an 8-year-old boy at the time of the Cuban Revolution in 1958 and how it affects his home and family.<br /><br />Its opening scene will bring to mind "Cinema Paradiso". In fact the film is filled with references to classic films: The Roulette Wheel (Casablanca) "chicken clucking" (Rebel Without a Cause) references to Bunuel "Touch of Evil"; you'll find more. The homeless man (Georg Stanford Brown)is a reference to Cuban folklore which often uses a black man as a type of Greek chorus.<br /><br />What this film really is is the culmination of a dream. Gerard's wish to honor his family and medium of film that he has loved all of his life.<br /><br />This is the true story of Juan Gerard and all the people in it are realas are the events depicted. Gerard is actually an architect and engineer (and passionate film lover) but his dream was to make this movie. He and his wife decided to live that dream and Harvey Keitel became an "angel" who believed in Gerard and agreed to produce and star in it. Keitel holds the screen powerfully as the mysterious and secretive grandfather "Che". Brown and Keitel are the only Americans in the cast. Iben Hjejle (High Fidelity) and Gael Garcia Bernal (Y tu Mama Tambien) offer strong support in key roles.<br /><br />Truthfully the first half of the film suffers from stiff delivery of lines and some overracting but stay with it. The last half is much better as the events of the revolution combine for the bittersweet and honest climax. It is the first effort of Juan Gerard but it is honest as he is and his passion and heart really come throughin this sincere first effort. I would definitely see it again and hope that he continues his film career.<br /><br />
critique2699 Rachel and Chuck Yoman (Valerie Harper Gerald McRaney) decided the city is too busy and dangerous for their family so they packed up their reluctant son (Gregory Togel) and daughter (Tammy Lauren) and moved back to a lake like the one Rachel lived at as a child.<br /><br />They say you can not go home again but this is an ideal rural home with what at first seems like a Mayberry feel. Later the residence seems to be more like the people in Deliverance. Soon bodies start turning up and everybody looks suspect with the exception of a few friendly faces. This does not keep the family from enjoying running around and messing around in the woods.<br /><br />We find that they have to be super ignorant to find the secrets and not tell anyone until they get ax-cepted as the antagonists. <br /><br />Can the ignored young Stevie save his parents or will their pursuer(s) put his/her foot in it?<br /><br />This film is more than most parodies as it was played with strait faces. They could not have chosen better actors and Daryl Anderson was exceptionally creepy. An added plus is that they let us know what is happening before the characters find out instead of pulling a clue out of the hat after the fact. Anyway this made for TV movie is good for a few laughs.
critique2700 Nevsky is one of the great epic war films. Sure others such as Birth of a Nation and Napoleon had come before but this one is just as influential. The acting is stock but anyone who knows the first thing about Eisenstein would know that that was part of his theory of film. This film unlike many of his silent works is about the heroic individual as much as it is about the group. This reflects the Stalinist philosophy that had risen to the fore by 1938. Still his film shows us the power that can be generated by people coming together to fight something they perceive as evil. Nevsky is just one of many men. He is prince because he is strongest but not because he is somehow different than the rest. The film's romantic angles provide more of a personal story than Eisenstein had previously allowed. Not all of the elements work and the film is probably a bit too long but it still resonates.
critique2701 I'm grading this film on a curve in other words it isn't the greatest film that has ever been made but it does exactly what it set out to do. This is an excellent T&A film. I have no idea the count of how many T's or A's were seen in this film but I did see one shot that had 16 bare T's at one time just to give you an idea. There are topless girls all throughout. There is a wet T-shirt contest scene. And the climax involves a game of touch football between two all-girl teams and every time one scores a touchdown the entire opposing team losing a piece of clothes. I don't know why this gets such a low rating here. Perhaps the people who gave it low scores thought they were going to see Citizen Kane. I love this movie and hope to find more similar ones. If you are looking for a GOOD campy T&A film I'd recommend this one.
critique2702 The movie is great and I like the story. I prefer this movie than other movie such The cell ( sick movie ) and Highlander ( silly movie ). I just tell the truth I like a reality hehe and also a true story :)<br /><br />
critique2703 Although this movie has some weaknesses it is worth seeing. I chose it because of the cast and applaud Bonham Carter and Branagh for choosing roles different from those they have taken in the past. Both portray very troubled people complete with warts but make them likeable because of their humanity. The story is touching but it is the performances that soar. Bonham Carter's "Jane" is a remarkable achievement whose quest for romance opened my eyes to aspects of being disabled that I had not thought of before but was interesting as well for other reasons. I felt the movie ended too abruptly but better that than a drawn out emotionally manipulative ending (see "Stepmom.") The very real English setting added to my enjoyment - it was England in the 90's both urban and rural without being depressing.
critique2704 A masterful performance by Jamie Foxx is just one of the highlights of "Ray" a 2004 film also starring Kerry Washington Regina King Curtis Armstrong Richard Schiff Sharon Warren Patrick Bachau and many others all giving excellent support to the film.<br /><br />The film has several main focuses: the first is Charles' childhood - the drowning of his brother George which haunted him for years the glaucoma that blinded him and the strength taught him by his mother - don't bend don't break don't ever be a cripple. She eventually sends him to a special school where Charles' gift of music is discovered. The next focus is Charles' artistic evolution as a Nat King Cole-like singer to his arrangements of gospel music his foray into country music and the unique sound that became Ray Charles. The third focus is Charles' personal life - his marriage to Bea his many affairs his heroin addiction and eventual rehabilitation.<br /><br />Because Charles lived a packed 74 years there's a lot skipped. Though Charles was orphaned while in his teens the death of his beloved mother his rock isn't in the film. While he is shown on the chitlin circuit and refusing to play in segregated clubs his near-starvation as a musician isn't covered. At one point he found a jar of jelly and attempted to eat it but the jar broke. He was that down and out. Bea is shown with him when the State of Georgia which banned him adopts "Georgia on My Mind" as their theme song in 1979 and welcomes Charles back to his native state yet he and Bea were divorced in 1977 which isn't mentioned. She probably was there however. Also she wasn't his only wife - he was married once before he met her; that marriage isn't covered. In the movie we're told of one illegitimate child - there were 12. It would have been impossible to get all of that and more into a film.<br /><br />What isn't skipped is his glorious music which seems to go on constantly throughout the film continually reinforcing his genius and artistry.<br /><br />Charles' story is compelling and holds the audience's interest throughout. Those who scoff at it as a made-for-TV movie don't give it the credit it deserves. Taylor Hackford's direction gives "Ray" a good pace and the movie has a lot of atmosphere and evokes the various decades beautifully.<br /><br />As Ray Jamie Foxx inhabits the character and makes one forget he's a comedian playing a part. Foxx wore prosthetics did his own piano playing and spent a great deal of time with Charles preparing for the role. He nails him but it's not an impersonation - he's a flesh and blood man with hallucinations of standing in water and finding his brother's body; a man full of denial about his addiction hating the word junkie and believing he's not hooked; and he's in denial about his home life thinking that his wife doesn't know about his various affairs and illegitimate children (in the movie child); and a man taken terrible advantage of early in his career because of his blindness who refuses to be walked on later on. He demands to be paid in $1 bills so they can be counted; when he discovers he's a gravy train for a club owner and her partner and was nearly cheated out of a record deal he makes his own deal and leaves his job.<br /><br />One doesn't so much marvel at Foxx's performance as accept him as Ray from the first time he appears on camera.<br /><br />This is an excellent biography which like "Walk the Line" is punctuated with the fantastic music of the artist. Whether or not you're a Ray Charles fan "Ray" is something to experience.
critique2705 A lot of people don't think Dan Aykroyd is funny. This movie proves otherwise. Aykroyd is brilliant delivering his one-liners in this comedy. The only major problem with this is that it wastes far too much time near the end jumping back and forth from Aykroyd's character and the doctor who is pursuing him to prove he's a fraud. The doctor goes nuts like doctor Leo Marvin (Richard Dreyfuss) in "What About Bob?". The scenes where the doctor is desperately trying to get back to Los Angeles are silly unbelievable and unfunny. Other that this aspect the movie really is funny especially the first half.
critique2706 This is probably one of the best French movies I had seen in a very long time! This "pastiche" or parody of spy movies is very well made and is going to make you laugh from the beginning to the end. Some references to today's world are very subtle. The whole Maroccan context of the movie is to be understood in light of today's French culture/environment. That said all the jokes and - seemingly - shocking remarks that could have been understood as such because of this context are permitted and accepted because this is a parody. <br /><br />I was told by my sisters who had already seen this movie that I should go too and assured me that I was going to have a great time and indeed I had! If you liked the old 007 movies with Sean Connery and also like movies like Airplane or Hot Shots you will be delighted. I just hope this movie is released on DVD in the US... Wait and see.
critique2707 This interesting Giallo boosts a typical but still thrilling plot and a really sadistic killer that obviously likes to hunt his victims down before murdering them in gory ways.<br /><br />Directed by Emilio P. Miraglia who one year earlier also made the very interesting "La Notte che Evelyn Usci della Tomba" (see also my comment on that one) the film starts off a little slow but all in all no time is wasted with unnecessary sub plots or sequences.<br /><br />This film is a German-Italian coproduction but it was released in Germany on video only in a version trimmed by 15 minutes of plot under the stupid title "Horror House". At least the murder scenes which will satisfy every gorehound are fully intact and the viewer still gets the killer's motive at the end. But the Italian version containing all the footage is still the one to look for of course.<br /><br />A convincing Giallo with obligatory twists and red herrings "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" is highly recommended to Giallo fans and slightly superior to Miraglia's above mentioned other thriller.
critique2708 If you like horror movies with lots of blood and gore tons of jump-scare moments and unrelenting escalating scenes of excruciating death then look elsewhere. If you like quiet moody thoughtful horror which casts blood aside in favor of a genuine feeling of dread then Wendigo is for you.<br /><br />Thoughtful stressed out George his psychoanalyst wife Kim and their young son Miles are heading out to the snowy countryside for a long weekend vacation away from the city. On the way up George hits a stag with his car. The hunters who had been pursuing the deer are not thrilled when they find that George has ended their chase. In particular deranged hunter Otis takes it personally. He follows the family to their vacation home making sure they see him. He spies on George and Kim as they have sex. He fires through their windows with his rifle when they aren't home letting them discover the ominous holes in their windows and walls when they return. When Kim takes Miles to the drugstore in town Miles is attracted to a small sculpture in a display case carved to resemble a man with the head of a stag. A Native American man tells Miles that this is the Wendigo a spirit of the woods who has a taste for flesh and is always hungry. Miles takes the figure home with him already haunted by the death of the deer the day before. That afternoon when he and his father go sledding George is shot and Miles pursued through the woods by a creature barely glimpsed...or is he just in shock and imagining the whole thing? Hours later George is rushed to the hospital and Miles still clutching his statue either faints dreams or goes on a vision quest in which the Wendigo returns. This time the angry flesh eating god - part tree part stag and part man - is hunting for Otis who has finally gone over the edge.<br /><br />Wendigo is a beautifully made film almost totally silent but for the wind howling through the snow covered trees. Okay so the monster itself is kind of fakey-looking but it's a small flaw more than made up for by the genuine feeling of tension and dread that creeps through every frame of the film and the eerie backdrop of the silent snowy countryside. The performances are great particularly by Jake Weber as the moody and thoughtful George and Patricia Clarkson as his sweet but no-nonsense wife. They are a happy couple with their share of common problems and it is the strength of their relationship and their love for each other that makes this film powerful. Watching this film is often like watching someone's home videos so realistic are the performances. <br /><br />This movie is not for everyone. A lot of people may find themselves totally bored waiting for the hideous Lovecraftian Beast and bloody revenge that never come. We can never really be sure if the Wendigo even exists seen as it is through the eyes of a sensitive child and also later through the eyes of a madman. This is more a psychological drama than a horror film but it has more than enough creepy elements in it to satisfy fans of subtle horror.
critique2709 A young woman comes to the home town of his husband after he passed away in an accident. She barely settles down in this small town but shortly after loses her little son in a kidnapping and all her hopes... This could lead to all kinds following plots in a normal movie: find a new partner and being happy finally; or depressed enough to struggle and finally kill herself... She does try to kill herself but not after a series of severe fights with God. She trusts in God only to find that God seems to forgive everyone even the killer. Well I should be careful here about God the movie doesn't mean a thing against God. The way the movie deals the issue is quite interesting: not in the woman's point of view or from God's perspective (in this way there would be lots of grass growing clouds flying views I suppose). Rather it's from a third party's eye the movie let us to perceive and doesn't explain a thing.<br /><br />The movie wouldn't be so interesting were there only the woman. There's this man who's everywhere around the woman and obviously in love with her but in his own way. He's a funny guy like a clown I should say who shamelessly hangs around our heroine. The combination of these two the woman full of tension crying and throwing up always and the man smiling and talking stupidly ends up in a good balance of emotions: nothing absurdly wrong or too tedious.<br /><br />Highly recommend.
critique2710 Very violent and nicely filmed movie. Paulina is a bad sexy girl who will show that men can be raped too. This movie has lots of black humor. This guy will kill anybody just to forget he used to be a gangster. There will be sometimes when you wouldn't know whether to shiver or to smile and think "Am I laughing at someone who is killing people?"
critique2711 The first time I've seen this DVD I was not only happy because of the fact that it was the first time in decades that the band put out anything but also because the DVD itself is extremely loud. Jimmy Page obviously can't live with quiet music I guess. I do must say though that during the concert at Royal Albert Hall they expanded 'How many more times' and 'Moby Dick' too long. Other than that it was exquisit. My favorite song of all time is now on that DVD. Trampled Underfoot. It's either that one or 'In my time of dying'. In that song Jimmy really plays that thing good. Ever seen Randy Rhoads play? Well Jimmy plays just like him except his guitar is lower.
critique2712 The information contained in this movie is somewhat familiar to many who have been paying attention to the news lately. The Walter Reed scandals show a small part of the fact that we are not doing a good job taking care of our injured heroes when they return.<br /><br />What this movie further shows is a truth common to all wars. The psychological trauma that soldiers suffer while engaging in war and the difficulty they have when returning to civilian life. They are not just changed or affected they are different people and most do not know how to deal with that as they do not know themselves.<br /><br />Finally this film shows what the military does to our young men in women in getting them ready for war and the policies and practices that they have to follow in prosecuting war that leads to all the psychological trauma.<br /><br />We have over 3000 dead soldiers in the four years of this invasion; but we have many tens of thousands that will suffer lifelong physical and psychological trauma because of this war. It doesn't matter what side you are on it behooves you to know the cost of war to decide if we should be in that business. This film illustrates the costs to the men and women perfectly.
critique2713 I was absolutely blown away by John Cassavetes's Opening Night. It's the first movie of his that I've seen that seems to be on a bigger scale thus it feels more mainstream but it still doesn't feel as if he grounded himself any more than he has in his previous films. That is perhaps what makes it so intense. There is also something undoubtedly cathartic about watching this movie.<br /><br />It's about what in fact Cassavetes has made a staple of his career an ideal that he has expressed behind the camera throughout his career as a director and is here expressing it in front. Rowlands's character middle-aged stage actress Myrtle Gordon cannot bring herself to play her role in the upcoming production as written so she uncalculatedly follows impulse after impulse resulting in what appears to be chaos on stage until she finds the right one. It's a daringly abstract premise.<br /><br />This is a movie that does not fail to capture the innate steering that one goes through during an emotional cleansing. No one understands why Myrtle does many of the things she does and it is seen and even portrayed as something destructive yet it just might be the best thing for her. It may be a cleansing rather than a breakdown. A withdrawal a cocoon a rebellion it all culminates into a meltdown. Cassavetes gives her character a brutally real touch which is that early on she is ardently arguing that she has nothing in common with her character yet she is in quiet but emotionally corroding fear that the opposite is true.<br /><br />The last scene the climactic performance that Myrtle shares with a character painfully estranged from her who is acting with her is one of the most interesting hilarious hard-hitting enlightening and enjoyable moments I've ever seen in a movie.
critique2714 There is so much of worth in this movie that it is hard to know where to begin with praise. Let me begin by expressing my admiration for a perfect portrayal by Reese Witherspoon. That her performance stands out in the excellent cast is praise indeed. Robert Mulligan has seldom disappointed those of us who have admired his work. Every frame of The Man in the Moon is evidence of film making at its best.
critique2715 I am glad being able to say almost only positive things about the movie with Karas and the Tasuiev sisters RENAISSANCE.<br /><br />And firstly that it looks as it ought to look; a boys' adventure RENAISSANCE is the tale of a cop's investigation in search of a missing young scientistÃ‚Â—Ilona Tasuiev the geneticist and researcher for the Avalon company.<br /><br />The tale of Karas Ilona and Bislane is though much less known than SIN CITY the better movie and the one more appreciated by the connoisseurs. To the French comics aficionados it will be even more meaningful (I have enriched my French comics collection last week though I'm not so upÃ‚Â—toÃ‚Â—date). The atmosphere the music the characters their lines the plot are all nice and endearing. A Parisian top cop Karas is displayed to find a young woman who was a rising star of medicalÃ‚Â—genetic research Ilona TasuievÃ‚Â—a mildly hot blonde whose rebel sister Bislane was erotically preferable I guess.<br /><br />For me an oldie aficionado of comics and TV series RENAISSANCE a marvelously beautiful cartoon was like a replay of a WILD WILD WEST episodeÃ‚Â—here a mythological past replaced with an equally mythological futureÃ‚Â—more jaded and blasÃƒÂ© but in a sense as thrilling. RENAISSANCE is not suspenseful; nor does it look especially wellÃ‚Â—paced; but it's seducing and hypnotic. Moreover it achieves sketching albeit briefly a world a true worldÃ‚Â—and we will think about the Avalon Nakata Jonas Mueller the Tasuiev sisters and Goran Farfella and Karas telling of his distant childhood in Kasbah Ã‚Â…. I liked RENAISSANCE's feel of a certain gentleness and affability and adventurousness and also the professional assured look; among these new cartoons this one and Linklater's Dick adaptation (--the only and first Dick adaptation ever--) stood out for me as works of beauty and genuine excitement.<br /><br />I thought the futuristic devices were appropriate and when not conventional vividly eerie (like the invisibility costumes).<br /><br />As advisable the characters have exotic names like Bislane and Farfella mostly gathered from the arts and entertainment's world (Goran and Ilona and Naghib Ã‚Â…).<br /><br />None seems to have noticed that RENAISSANCE's poster features a Rourke look-alikeÃ‚Â—that guy is Marv; which doesn't make it a SIN CITY rip--off but not a paragon of originality either and in fact there's more resemblance to the Miller taleÃ‚Â—namely the bleak futuristic look of a decayed society the brio of the hero (in fact a cross of Willis' character and Rourke's persona in the previous movie Ã‚Â…)Ã‚Â–on the other hand this cartoon breathes a more public air a brim of straight adventurousness and in a word it's like SIN CITY for kidsÃ‚Â—well naughtier kids I mean 'cause there's a bit of nudity on display. To what I have said one might retort that the traits mentioned are characteristic even as clichÃƒÂ©s and common places of the futuristic more adult comics' look; true enough and it was oldie Miller to have brought that things on screen and RENAISSANCE bears some resemblances here and there. Now it's also fair that every RING ought to have its ERAGORN so to each sin city its renaissance. I admit being quite partial to these bleak futuristic tales a rather undemanding specialty.
critique2716 I'm Egyptian. I have a green card. I have been living in the US since 1991. I have a very common Arabic name. I'm married (non-American but non-Egyptian non-Arab wife). I have children who are born in the US. I have a PhD in Cell Biology from the US and I travel for conferences. I make 6 figure income and I own a home in the Washington DC area. I pay my taxes and outside 1 or 2 parking tickets I have no blemish on my record since I came to this country in 1991. I look more Egyptian than the Ibrahimi character but my spoken English is as good as his.<br /><br />A couple of months ago I was returning from a conference/company business in Spain through Munich Germany to Washington DC (Home). I was picked up in Munich airport by a German officer as soon as I got off the Madrid plane. He was waiting for me. He was about to start interrogating me until I simply told him "I have no business in Germany I'm just passing through". He had let me go with the utmost disappointment. That was nothing compared to what happened at Washington Dulles airport (Which was not nearly as bad as what happened to Ibrahimi in the movie). The customs officer asked me a couple of questions about the length and purpose of my trip. He then wrote a letter C on my custom declaration form and let me go. After I picked up my checked bag I was stopped at the last exit point (Some Homeland Security crap). I sat there for 3 hours along with many different people of many different nationalities. I was not told the reason for my detainment. I was not allowed to use my phone or ANY other phone. I was feisty at first asking to be told of the reason or let me go but decided to suck it up and just wait and see. I asked if I can call my wife to tell her that I'm going to be late but was told no. When I tried to use my phone and as soon as my wife said "hello" an officer yanked the phone out of hand and threatened me to confiscate it. When I asked about needing to call home because my family is waiting they said "Three hours is nothing we will make contact after 5 hours". When I asked to use the bathroom an officer accompanied me there. It toilet was funny; I guess it was a prison style toilet that is all metal with no toilet seat. Finally they called my name and gave me my passport/green card and said you can go. I asked what the problem was they said "nothing"!! I know it was only 3 hours but I was dead tired and wanted to go home to see my wife and kids.<br /><br />As for the movie it was very well made. Unlike most movies that involve Arabs and use non-Arab actors who just speak gibberish this movie the Arabic was 100% correct. I assume the country is Morocco (North Africa).
critique2717 this took me back to my childhood in the 1950 's so corny but just fab no one ever could play FLASH GORDON like LARRY BUSTER CRABBE just great. i have two more series to view flash gordon's trip to mars and flash gordon conquers the universe cannot wait<br /><br />
critique2718 A quick paced and entertaining noir set in Vienna just after W.W.11. Donald Buka is a refugee who can't find legal work because he does not have any papers. No papers means no work permit which means no way to get a passport. He survives by driving a friend's cab at night. If he gets caught it means three months in jail. One night he picks up a fare at a big hotel and drives the man to an airline office. Buka takes the man's luggage in and returns to the car. There he finds his customer has acquired an unneeded hole in the back of his head. What to do? Call the police? Without a work permit they will put the grab on him real quick. No he needs time to think this out. He drives to a secluded spot empties the man's pockets and hides the body. He now has an American passport and plenty of cash! He drops by an underworld contact to have the passport photo changed. Now he just needs to go to the man's hotel and collect the man's plane ticket. His ticket to freedom! Needless to say that would be too simple. Waiting at the hotel is the dead man's mistress Joan Camden. Camden is on the run from her rather nasty husband Francis Lederer Lederer is of course the swine who had bumped off the man in Buka's cab. Camden calls the police since she believes Buka has robbed her lover. Buka shows his new passport and manages to talk his way out of the mess. Camden breaks down when hubby Lederer shows up at the police station. Lederer convinces the police Camden has suffered a mental breakdown and she is released to him. She escapes again finds Buka and the two decide to flee the country together. Lederer again puts in an appearance and Buka must decide if helping Camden is worth his freedom. This film is much better than I'm making it sound. Buka is best known as the low-life cop killer in 1950's "Between Midnight and Dawn". The film was produced by actor Turhan Bey.
critique2719 A meteor crashes into Crater Lake the heat from the impact causing a prehistoric egg to hatch.<br /><br />Alright so the plot is just trash. But despite its obvious low budget this comes across as one of the most gripping and entertaining monster-on-the-loose films in existence. There are also some good moments of humor. In an age filled so-called 'monsters' which are no more than laughable men-in-rubber-suit creations or lizards dressed up in frills and forced to rip each other to pieces (cheap exploitation-style) it's refreshing to discover that the Plesiosaur in this little gem is an excellent Harryhausen-style stop-motion creature.<br /><br />Quite a hard film to find but it's worth finding.
critique2720 After reading some of these reviews it is apparent that some have missed the point. What is great about this film (here comes the point) what is incredible about this film what is astonishing about this film is that there is no proselytizing. There is no preaching. There is no preaching. There is no preaching. Life goes on. It is a masterpiece in letting an audience think for its collective self. These are just kids doing what kids do - without consciousness. We all went to school with kids like these. We are being numbed by fiction-/movie-/tv-/news-based reality/invention.<br /><br />Feck's (Dennis Hopper the great) girlfriend alone and his relationship with her is worth the price of renting this movie.<br /><br />There have been few movies before or since that measure up to the intelligence of this film. AMEN.<br /><br />
critique2721 This marvelous short will hit home with everyone who as a child specifically asked for something because it was hip or cool only to be given something that would mark you for life with your peers and were told by your Mom or Dad (or both) that it didn't matter as you earnestly began considering enlisting in a Witness Protection Program in order to avoid ridicule. For those U.S. residents who don't get the horror because you don't follow hockey it's like a Dallas Cowboy fan getting a Washington Redskins jersey or a Yankees fan getting a Red Sox jersey. It isn't pretty. For our European friends think of two great rival football (soccer to us) clubs and imagine a fan of one getting a jersey from the other. Ouch!!! NFB of C outdid themselves here!<br /><br />Une hommage du Maurice "Rocket" Richard merci M. Richard.
critique2722 Chances Are uses that marvelous song by the same name throughout the film. Robert Downey Jr. is excellent in this movie. His extra large eyes and wonderfully variable facial expressions are part of expertise in acting as different people in diverse films. Compare Robert Downey Jr. in Chaplin. You will enjoy Chances Are. I did.
critique2723 Brazilian films often get more positive appraisals than they actually deserve. Rather incredibly Contra Todos (Against Everybody) (original title which the producers discarded: God Against Everybody) got very low GPA (grade point average) in this website. It seems to be bluntly rejected by female spectators at large. Actually it is not so brutal. I mean as far as graphical violence is concerned. Its brutality is intrinsic as it portrays would-be lumpens I mean underdog citizens who in fact possess high-tech equipment who coldly perform murder orders in exchange of "grana graÃƒÂºda". Is this post-modern man? Is his/her only worry a quick almost impersonal ultra permissive lay amidst over satiating meals ? The picture is probably the best Brazilian film of 2004 so far. Its shining editing style ÃƒÂ  la Godard its curious soundtrack counterpoints its more than efficient overall cast and above all its original narration with subtle non-chronological hidden points that only come to light in the epilogue deserve at least an 8 mark.
critique2724 back in my high school days in Salina Kansas they filmed something called "The Brave Young Men Of Weinberg" locally and the film crews were rather prominent for weeks. eventually we learned that the film was "Up The Academy" and was a bit ummm "lower brow" than we had been led to believe. <br /><br />I had to see it since I was there and the local audiences seemed less than pleased at the showing. I was 17 and thought it was a rather artless attempt at a post "Animal house" type of comedy right down to the fart jokes. <br /><br />Watched it many times since and my opinion has mellowed a bit. it's dumb but at times it catches a bit of the "mad" magazine humor at least as well as most "Mad TV". Ron Liebman might hate it but he is nearly perfect and unforgettable. For me my favorite moment would have been a brief scene on Santa Fe avenue where I had parked my car while I was buying some guitar strings. Too bad my Pinto's brief appearance usually seems to get cut for TV. haven't seen the new DVD but if my old pinto is visible they've got a sale.
critique2725 This is a great movie. When two people from different backgrounds and social status think that they have nothing to offer each other and in the end they what each other needs it a testament to what the heart knows. Sometimes we wonder why one man is with a woman or vise versa and the outward appearances say one thing to our eye but what they offer each other from within that we cannot see is amazing and unexplainable. When Nimi thought that Matthew had nothing to offer her and when Matthew was only looking for a fling (because he had an open marriage w/his wife Jenny) in the end they realized that they could not and did not want to exist without the other. It was worth it to them to resist what family and friends thought and what society said was right to be with each other. This movie kind of restores my faith in love.
critique2726 A charming little film set in the UK about the reunion of a WWII all girl (almost) swing band. A fine cast of oldsters bring lighthearted perspectives on life to this fun tale with an award winning performance by Dench and Laine's always great "pipes". Time well spent and a fun watch for all.
critique2727 Ya know when one looks at this Brian DePalma film today I'm sure there has been allot of criticism about how dated it is. Also about the violence. When I looked at this film on VHS when I was 20 I thought it was ulta-violent and gritty as well. But I didn't get 'it'.<br /><br />A few decades go by and man how I know how much I didn't get in this film!! This is a remake of an excellent film which was done back in the 30's/40's. How can you improve upon a classic? Ya don't. But you tell a tale that is brought up to date through the eyes of the "new immigrants" during the most greed ridden decade the over indulgent 80's. DePalma Stone and the gang present an ambitious disturbing and darn right good film.<br /><br />Yes....Disco was dying and New Wave/Punk were taking over but these immigrants from Cuba who had to make a new home in Florida couldn't tell the difference. It was exciting it was what they wanted but how to get it???? To these immigrants there was only one way to get it in Florida where they were..by having lots of money and to get the money you had to take over running a drug empire.<br /><br />Al Pacino was fantastic to me as Tony Montana the "little train that could". What an amazing way to have your lead character look at America: to fight kill steal. lie cheat all to get -- "the money the women and the power."<br /><br />That's what Tony saw as the American dream.<br /><br />He wanted it he wanted to live it and in his circle saw nothing wrong with how he went to get it. Tony Montana's command of the English language was heavily saturated with the "f" word but what did you expect Emily Post's finishing school for him and his co-horts? Look at how they CAME to America what they knew what they were exposed to. This is the way Tony and his crew chose to "be all they can be in America." It was all about the power. Tony Montana would and did ANYTHING to achieve it..it all its violent lying stealing crooked thieving glory.<br /><br />The part of the film that personified the 1980's to me is the money laundering. Tony's crew bringing sacks of drug money to the bank. Did those around Tony and his crew care? At the clubs where he spent and drank? Nope. Money was money and with money you get the power. Tony was living high off the hog. He and his pretty blond American trophy he married played well by Michelle Pfieffer.<br /><br />After Tony Montana's rise to power he finds out its really crappy up there. He's riddled with doubt he's drug addicted he's paranoid he's surrounded by those who want to take him on in a bloody take-over his trophy 80's American blonde drug addicted wife he finds out is a bore he needs to keep atop of his empire because...he's going down. And down he goes in a horrific violent fashion but again I ask what do you expect?<br /><br />This is the quintessential 1980's film telling you a warped tale of how some misunderstand the American Dream...to obsession. It's violent bloody overly so..but it drives the point disturbingly home. Not all Cubans thrown out of Cuba who landed in Florida in the 80's were anything like Tony Montana. Give me a break. But the showing of how miserable the 1980's were with its emphasis on greed and money as the only measures in the USA to "be somebody" and have power took its tool on these poor characters and their lives in America.<br /><br />Makes you wonder -- has anything from then -- been learned today?
critique2728 Choose your fate: The terrible tykes of the fourth form playing practical jokes that involve axes or the...ummm...well-developed girls of the sixth form who discovered some time ago cigarettes gin sex and how easily men can be led astray. The problem is that one set comes with the other. They are all there at St. Trinian's that remarkably easy-going English school for girls led by headmistress Millicent Fritton (Alastair Sim). As Miss Fritton is fond of pointing out "In other schools girls are sent out quite unprepared into a merciless world but when our girls leave here it is the merciless world which has to be prepared." Miss Fritton sounds something like a melding of Julia Child and Eleanor Roosevelt and definitely has Sim's droll and deadpan comic genes. <br /><br />In The Belles of St. Trinian's a sly chaotic comedy from the team of Frank Launder and Sidney Gilliat St. Trinian's is as usual on the brink of financial disaster. Salvation may be at hand however when a rich sheik sends his daughter to join the fourth form and receive a proper English education. The sheik also is a horse owner and one of his prize racers Arab Boy is being trained near the school for a race. It's only a matter of time before the fourth- form girls form a racing pool and bet heavily on Arab Boy with Miss Fritton adding to the pool what funds the school has left. (Much of the fourth-form girl's money comes from the gin they make in chemistry then bottle and lower by rope to Flash Harry (George Cole) a Cockney fixer for distribution. "It's got something...I don't know quite what" says Miss Fritton on sampling the stuff "but send a few bottles up to my room.") <br /><br />Miss Fritton however has a brother Clarence Fritton (who by some coincidence of casting also is Alastair Sim) a bookmaker who not only has placed a bundle on another horse but who also has a daughter. And he has placed the precocious Arabella in the sixth form to keep him informed. Soon the sixth form has kidnapped Arab Boy the fourth form has taken the horse back Flash Harry has joined forces with Miss Fritton the sixth-form girls are determined that Arab Boy will not leave the second floor of St. Trinian's Clarence and his Homburg-wearing gang have arrived parents are driving up for Parent's Day and the Ministry of Education has arrived in the person of a very proper inspector. Total war breaks out at St. Trinian's. It's hard to say which is more dangerous the African spears or the flour bombs. <br /><br />Alastair Sim as Millicent Fritton turns in a tour de force performance. Miss Fritton is a tall woman with a stately bosom fond of long gowns with embroidered lace and Edwardian hats with lots of feathers. She takes everything in stride even a fourth-former pounding at something in chemistry class and after hearing an explosion a few minutes later the results. "Oh dear. I told Bessie to be careful with that nitro-glycerine!" She is firm in believing that St. Trinian's is "a gay arcadia of happy girls." Sim was one of Britain's great eccentric actors. Other than the sheer chaos of all the little (and not so little) girls doing terrible things he delivers much of the film's pleasure.
critique2729 Fifteen years later and Paris Is Burning is still aflame. This is a classic in black gay films right up there with the other honorary black gay films The Color Purple and Mahoganoy. This seminal work captures underground and underclass (i.e."underserved) black and Latin gay culture and community like no other work before or since including all the sentimental Harlem Rennaissance gay retrospectives and renderings. They're good but this is the best (dare I say the only "real") film you'll find on the subject. It's Relentlessy Cunty (the classic house music invention)comes to Hollywood non-stop hilarious camp (like only we do it) and dead-on social critique. All this by a white female director (who obviously must have been a Sister Gurl or Mizz Thing in a former life.) I could go on but I think you get the point by now: I love this movie!
critique2730 Rita Hayworth as Rusty Parker is the COVER GIRL du jour--she's one of the dancing girls in Danny McGuire's club the most special one according to Danny (Gene Kelly) and pretty much anyone who comes across her. Take for example Vanity magazine magnate John Coudair (Otto Kruger): enchanted by Rusty's resemblance to her grandmother Maribelle (also played by Hayworth in flashbacks) whom he wooed devotedly when he fell in love with her he tries to relive his youth by fixing what he thinks went wrong between himself and Maribelle. He doesn't believe that Danny could give Rusty happiness or everything she should be entitled to--he even gets Danny believing this himself. When Rusty shoots to fame as Vanity's 'Cover Girl' Danny drives her away into the ready and waiting arms of Noel Wheaton (Lee Bowman). So what happens when Danny returns to town with his sidekick Genius (Phil Silvers) in tow only to discover that Rusty is marrying Wheaton?<br /><br />As a musical COVER GIRL benefits from the beautiful score and songs written by Jerome Kern and Ira Gershwin including the Oscar-nominated 'Long Ago and Far Away' (possibly one of the most gorgeous ballads ever written and beautifully sweetly sung as a duet by Hayworth and Kelly) Maribelle's number 'Sure Thing' (the more lacklustre 'Poor John' isn't a Kern/Gershwin collaboration) and 'Put Me To The Test'. The dancing of course is top-notch since Gene Kelly had more than just a hand in the choreography. It shows in the simplest of dances for example his dance with Hayworth to 'Put Me To The Test' or the joyfully exuberant 'Make Way For Tomorrow' number (performed by the trio of Danny Rusty and Genius)... which foreshadows the reaction Gene's character has to the police cop in the title number in SINGIN' IN THE RAIN. Kelly especially scored a technological and artistic coup with the 'Alter-Ego' dance. Like its successors in ANCHORS AWEIGH and AN AMERICAN IN PARIS (Jerry the Mouse and the 16-minute ballet respectively) this dance is an example of the incredible innovation and creativity Kelly brought to the modern film musical: wanting to use the film medium to present dances that couldn't be showcased on a stage and years before CGI Kelly insisted on dancing with the one person who could possibly match him in talent and style--himself. The number is hardly five minutes long but it (and Kelly's genius) still takes one's breath away even sixty years down the line. This is the reason I watched COVER GIRL and if nothing else this dance is truly worth it.<br /><br />You can tell that a great deal of money was lavished onto COVER GIRL and Rita Hayworth--not that she doesn't deserve it. Witness the scene when Rusty hits Broadway--the large screen showcasing all the different cover girls gives way to a staggeringly large stage rigged for Rusty's entrance. Hayworth is indeed one of the most effortlessly beautiful girls on show in the film and she dances with a style and grace that is almost worthy of Kelly. (Very few of Kelly's co-stars have that honour.) She is hilarious in some scenes for example her drunk scene when John and Wheaton come to get her from Joe's.<br /><br />For some reason however her performance still lacks the spark of greatness which would help COVER GIRL overcome its general curse of mediocrity. That curse is only lifted whenever Gene Kelly is on the screen (dancing or no) or when Eve Arden as John's long-suffering secretary 'Stonewall' sidles by with another cutting comment or clever observation. Since the film in the end belongs to Hayworth neither Kelly nor Arden can save it as a whole. This isn't to say that the film is bad--it isn't. It's enjoyable with great songs and cute numbers and lots of pretty girls to look at. But it's just not quite a classic. The dancing is classic though--so watch COVER GIRL for that and you won't regret it.
critique2731 I'd just like to say that i've seen this film twice now and i love it! The acting is great and even though it is a similar plot to "Raise Your Voice" I think that the plot never gets boring for people who like that kind of thing. It has some great lessons in it and shows us that we can do anything if we try. An incredible film. I am sure that this is one i will be watching for a long time to come. Even though Britney Spears write the book it is quite a realistic plot maybe not about the falling in love part but the part about being different and struggling but coming out best in the end is very true to real life. The only minor criticism is why is the main girl in these films always beautiful? Do you really think that Holly would have met the perfect guy of her dreams if she was ugly or average? I doubt it..
critique2732 I first saw this masterpiece on VHS 10 years ago and the powerful interpretation on angry-kid-painfully-against-established-society it carried stayed in my heart since then. Director Hector Babenco is such a good humanity who finds a delicate angle to tell the story of how urbanity kills the childhood of the kids from poverty class. Even the outcast kids have their innocent beautiful dreams. But the corrupt reality never gives a chance...<br /><br />Thanks to the publishers for the recent DVD release I now can keep this great movie to my favorite collection.
critique2733 I was at the same screenwriters conference and saw the movie. I thought the writer - Sue Smith - very clearly summarised what the film was about. However the movie really didn't need explanation. I thought the themes were abundantly clear and inspiring. A movie which deals with the the ability to dare to face fear - especially fear passed down from parental figures - and overcome it and in doing so embrace life's possibilities is a film to be treasured and savoured. I enjoyed it much more than the much-hyped 'Somersault.' I also think Mandy62 was a bit unkind to Hugo Weaving. As a bloke about his vintage I should look so good! I agree that many Australian films have been lacklustre recently but 'Peaches' delivers the goods. I'm glad I saw it.
critique2734 Bunny Comes Home 'This Man's Navy' deserves more credit than it gets a clever script by Borden Chase directed by 'Wild Bill' Wellman the film has just the right feel for early post WW11 euphoria and goodwill and none of the blind terror that came into play few years later. Produced in 1944 the Japanese defeated the battle scenes a little dÃƒÂ©jÃƒÂ  vu Tom Drake's melancholy attraction for radiant young Jan Clayton has solid chemistry plays real and validates Drake's career at Metro. The following year Jan opened on Broadway in 'Carousel.' Wally Beery a little bleary-eyed boasts to an always incredulous Jimmy GleasonÃ‚Â… his memories an improvement over reality and give Beery a Ulysses-like shadow to play against. The Navy LTA (Lighter Than Air) shots are authentic photographed at Tustin and Lakehurst and the P-38 squadron is out of March AFB. Lot 3 doubled for India and Bunny's U-turnÃ‚Â… Bunny Comes HomeÃ‚Â… gives back to Beery an authentic slice of his past something he had wanted to believe was trueÃ‚Â… then the future we spin into again is fantasticalÃ‚Â… now on a grander scale a newly designed Navy LTA with launch capabilities for a reconnaissance planeÃ‚Â… how expensive blissfully optimisticÃ‚Â… still "You got to believe in it that's the way you make things come trueÃ‚Â…"
critique2735 I've seen this movie twice with my teenagers who love it. This one ought to be a cult fave! The best line "Your dress is deeply cool!" says the Prince to Cinderella. Kathleen Turner shines as the stepmother. I also like the 1950's era cars and motorcycles. The melancholy prince is a great departure from the typical swashbuckler. He tries to stay cool but fails to hide his love for the fairy-tale princess-to-be. Her slipper is not glass (truer to the original story) but Cinderella loses is nonetheless but gets it back from the heir to the throne. My only complaint is that it is not shown more and seems to be almost impossible to get. Hopefully Blockbuster or Amazon will start stocking this one sometime soon.
critique2736 I saw this when on The Wonderful World of Disney as a kid so I didn't recall much of it. As I watched it recently I sat there thinking "This is the weirdest thing I've seen".<br /><br />The 'traveling' scenes look like something caused by an LSD overdose. The animated characters are mostly oddly colored/voiced versions of Jungle Book and Robin Hood characters. Some not-so-Disney things I noticed: kids being threatened at knife point and prostitutes(during the Portobello Road song).<br /><br />It was very entertaining though the musical numbers were long and I can see little kids getting bored with them. Also the subject manner was a bit dark seeing as it was set during WW2.
critique2737 A charming funny film that gets a solid grade all around. I saw a screener of this film recently at work. It was so nice to see this film in contrast with all the crappy horror movies I see every day. So much so that I figured I'd write in. Not sure if this film is going to theaters but I hope it does. Its a nice film to see with friends its a charmer and has some funny jokes. The acting was terrific (especially Howard Hessman and Larry Dorf. The directing was pretty good (not a film that needed to be over-directed). What really makes this film stand out I think is the writing. It was like Neil Simon Seinfeldish and the banter between characters is smart and has a nice rhythm. As an aspiring screenwriter I notice those things! (I'm a dork). Anyway a really cute film that I recommend.
critique2738 i saw this before 'bubba ho-tep' at the fantasia film festival in montreal. everything about it is either tipping the hat to (or completely ripping off) tim burton. i enjoyed it nonetheless even if it is extremely derivative. what most impressed me was the quality of the visuals given the obvious shoe-string budget. the set design and the props were inventive and original although the script definitely was not.
critique2739 Having seen and loved this film in Australia I was very keen to get me paws on a copy. I got one on DVD back in the UK only to find that it's a very different edit.<br /><br />The domestic Australain edit I saw is snappier. The UK and I presume European edits spends a lot longer on the narrator played by Jimmy's dead brother.And in truth belabours that and few other points to no real benefit.<br /><br />It is not a serious criticism but the Oz edit is just brisker and I think more assured.<br /><br />I can't say why they felt it needed expansion for the overseas market?<br /><br />So careful about which one you go for.<br /><br />I went for both.
critique2740 Hitchcock made at least 11 films about the ordinary man wrongly accused on the run (sometimes really running sometimes not) to prove his innocence in a situation beyond his control the first one being "The 39 Steps" which really made him popular in Great Britain. It really is his signature theme.<br /><br />Others include "Young and Innocent" "Saboteur" "Spellbound" "Stage Fright" "Strangers on a Train" "I Confess" "To Catch a Thief" "The Wrong Man" "North by Northwest" and finally "Frenzy". "Saboteur" starts Robert Cummings as Barry Kane a wartime aircraft plant worker during wartime accused of murdering his co-worker and best friend during an act of sabotage on the plant. He meets up with model Patricia Martin played by actress Priscilla Lane during his run from the law and later of course the various Nazi/Fascist sympathizers along the way.<br /><br />"Saboteur" is mainly like "The 39 Steps" even including similar plot devices such as handcuffs the blonde who doesn't trust the main character in the beginning a race across the country (in one case London to Scotland and in the other California to New York) and meeting the "colorful" locals along the way. And so just like "The Man Who Knew Too Much" I believe this is an American remake of one of Hitchcock's earlier works.<br /><br />I think Robert Cummings was chosen because he comes across as a very ordinary American sort of an "everyman" with whom the audience can identify. I like Priscilla Lane because her character is a more involved in the action than Madeline Carroll in "The 39 Steps" and Ruth Roman in "Strangers on a Train". As mentioned elsewhere though Otto Kruger steals the show as the villain. I also liked Vaughan Glaser's performance as the blind uncle; his lines are great. There are some funny touches all along the way for some comic relief such as road signs featuring Priscilla Lane's character on them and circus sideshow performers and the truck driver Murray Alper. Contrary to other opinions here there aren't too many characters who believe Barry Kane's innocence immediately.<br /><br />There are some slow parts mainly when the action first moves to New York but it picks up quickly when the last planned act of the fifth columnists gets underway.<br /><br />It's one of my favorite films from Hitchcock (I put it in my top 5) especially in these days of the new war on terrorism. I think it hits home.<br /><br />It makes you think "Could my coworker be involved in something evil?" In fact one of the movie posters for "Saboteur" proclaimed "Watch Out for the Man behind your back!" Imagine how that played in the mind of adults during the Second World War.
critique2741 Simple story... why say more? It nails it's premise. World War 3 kills all or most of the human race and we're viewing 2 of the survivors. The message is that the 2 warring sides should not have been at odds in the first place. Distilled down to representatives from each side we see they have everything to come together for:<br /><br />Security... Finding resources... food shelter etc... Survival... Love...<br /><br />At the end they've decided to pool their resources (she finally does) so they will survive. Simple story expressed in the limited budget of the early 60s television landscape. We see it in 2009 as somewhat old and maybe predictable. In the early 60s no one had seen such stuff... I give it a 10...
critique2742 This movie is excellent ( i watched the French version ). There are many subplots (which usually detracts from the whole ) but they nicely unfold and concur to the "discovering of one's real self" main theme. In fact the whole movie (besides his background ) is the journey to the discovery of one's ( or someone else's ) self. Is the King really a "good peacenik monarch" trying to wage a "war to end all wars" or is he just a disturbed blood thirsty hoodlum? Is he a true king after all? Is the attendant to the queen mother just a lusty career-driven spineless sock puppet or rather a sharp thinking bold individual? Will the dame/concubine realize who the king truly is? What's between the king and the old chancellor? What's the secret everyone knows but won't tell? What's the true reason the assassin quit his "job"? Subplots (something i'm not particularly fond of ) are handled well and keep one watching until the end. Scenes are well crafted and CGI fits nicely in without going overboard. Suspense is properly maintained and actors are upto the task. There is a lot of brain-damaged smiling but that is how one was supposed to behave at the king's court ( as the dame/concubine complains about ). Realistic movie without superhero moments. This Chinese movie really puts Hollywood cardboard colossals ( Gladiator etc ) to shame.
critique2743 Having recently seen Grindhouse I was browsing in Video USA looking for some movies that might have played in real grindhouse theatres in downtown areas during the '70s. The Hong Kong action flick Five Fingers of Death seemed just such a picture. The cartoon-like sound effects and the quick jump cuts seemed a little distracting at first but after a while I was so involved in the story and the characters I didn't care. Parts of the music score sounded like the "Ironside" TV theme song that was subsequently used in Quentin Tarantino's Kill Bill movies. Some scenes involving the hero's fiancÃƒÂ© seemed to border on parody but they were so brief that they didn't ruin the film. The most exciting parts involve the tournament and some revenge segments after that. Well worth seeing for kung fu fans!
critique2744 This wonderful film is a love story and shows that not all relationships are destined to last. Even so they can be great & worth the pain & suffering of breakup.<br /><br />Director Pieter Verhoeff gives us an insight of the period around 1900 the way society (mis)treats women and how a very strong woman (Nynke) deals with. With great costumes landscapes lovely music and good actors and acting this photoplay draws you in for the length of the movie.<br /><br />At first the ending is a bit sudden a page describing the rest of her life scrolls. On reflection this is a great (the best) way to have your own fantasy create the rest of her life.<br /><br /> This was the second movie for me that had people sit while the end titles scrolled by (The first being Schindler's List). Apparently the movie had this effect on everybody.
critique2745 Visconti's masterpiece! I admit that I am unfamiliar with much of his work but I cannot imagine his other work surpassing this fabulous film. Last night I watched Death in Venice after an absence of about 25 years and was totally captivated by all that I saw. This captivation was a pastiche composed of many elements: The extraordinary shots directed by Visconte primarily his love of long languorous shots of people dining swimming walking and containing a significant character passing through this mass of people; the cinematographers brilliant interpretation of Visconti's shot selection; the acting by the principles without over-riding dialog and conveying the scenes complexity through facial features alone.<br /><br />It is true: young people watching this film for the first time must be aware that they are watching a unique film a film that could not be made in 2006. A film whose time rests in those brief handful of years in the Sixties and early Seventies of the last century when artistic license was passed to film directors and money-men took secondary roles. As many of the recent IMDb commentator's have written this film in their judgment is long boring (too little action) and pretentious. I suppose by the standards of Hollywood pap these comments contain merit. Unfortunately they tragically minimize the amazing beauty and depth of this work and others like it from those years.<br /><br />Please if you have not seen Death in Venice rent a copy and immerse yourself in a film and story from another time. You will be rewarded.
critique2746 All in all an excellent movie from that time and source (coming from Warner Brothers as it was peaking in craftsmanship and style just before WWII) provided you don't take it at all seriously. The movie really makes no claim to being historically accurate and is certainly no more or less accurate or believable than say JFK. (This one may actually be more honest about it though as it essentially admits along the way that it's not to be taken as particularly fact-based but more of a stylishly semi-heroic portrayal.) It's worth noting that audiences of the time were no more naive about the story than we are today; the NY Times review conceded that audiences would "dismiss factual inaccuracies sprinkled throughout the film" described the biographical account of Custer's life as "fanciful" and pointed out that the presentation of Custer's motivations regarding the final events were at odds with various historical accounts. They could have really gone overboard in building up Custer one supposes but they succeed admirably in depicting him as not necessarily the sharpest or most diligent guy around but appropriately determined principled and inspirational.<br /><br />Flynn and DeHavilland doing their 8th movie together in 7 years (and their last) are so comfortable together and play off each other so easily at this point that it's not too difficult to overlook how thinly their courtship is written here. With a first-time pairing it would be hard to imagine what could really draw Elizabeth to Custer but these two make it work. The movie is also missing their director from their previous seven films together (the greatly underrated Michael Curtiz) but given that he had worked with them on the previous year's similar-themed Santa Fe Trail it's understandable if he chose to opt out of this one. (They all started together with Captain Blood and The Charge of the Light Brigade - both terrific - so we can't really blame them if they started having a tough time keeping it all fresh.)<br /><br />Raoul Walsh the director here is certainly more comfortable with the action sequences - which are outstanding - and everything else outdoors. The interior scenes are a little more uneven but the studio craftsmen succeed in compensating for that very well as does Warner Bros' outstanding cast of "usual suspects" and new faces (Greenstreet Gene Lockhart Anthony Quinn Arthur Kennedy etc). I would have liked it better if Kennedy's character had been a bit less standard (I generally like his work) but here he seems to be hitting roughly the same notes in every scene; the part could have been better written - and I suppose they might have been unsure of what he could handle as he'd only been in films for one year (Walsh probably took him for this after doing High Sierra together).<br /><br />Various highlights include the depiction (probably imagined) of the genesis of "Garryowen" as the cavalry theme. The last half hour is particularly outstanding especially with the parting of the leads echoing the end of their screen partnership followed by the final battle scenes. A thoroughly rousing adventure.<br /><br />8 of 10
critique2747 I got a good laugh reading all the idiotic comments for this film<br /><br />as it's obvious that those people who criticized the movie never seen it or were stupid enough to pay to see it.<br /><br />The best reason to watch was on the Elvira show a few years back. Elvira delivered the movie with as many laughs as one can.<br /><br />It's an ok monster flick compared to the hundreds of horrendous American flicks made. Way better!!!!
critique2748 For me this is another one of those films that I got to see off of the Los Angeles based "Z" Channel when it was in service. And it was another one of those movies that I saw when I was young...and learned that there was a world out there...one I did not want to accept.<br /><br />Moving to Los Angeles and getting to watch international cinema became quite the guilty pleasure hobby of mine and to date no premiere channel programming has matched the "Z" Channel in its showing of international films. The three international films that stuck in my young head were "Spetters" "Beau Pere" and of course this one "Pixote".<br /><br />This was the most shocking and saddest movie I ever witnessed in my life. This was also one of the first movies that made me understand that there IS a difference in cinema: to entertain and to inform. Let me be honest..growing up in a small town on the east coast I had no idea anything like this -- to this extent -- existed. All I knew from South America was brochures of fabulous Brazillian vacations and that Columbia had a lot of drug trafficking.<br /><br />Then comes a film like Pixote. Sad. Disturbing. Unflinching. Scary. You're watching: Children. Those that need shelter love understanding and all these get are a way to survive day after day through drugs sex robbing stealing sleeping on the streets and in sadistic group homes etc. Their survival is hard to watch with other street children prostitutes etc. and you begin to wonder HOW can things like this be allowed to happen in this world.<br /><br />Pixote is not a film for entertainment it is a film of information. It shows shocking and disturbing images - but it shows life for these daily street children.
critique2749 1959 was a landmark in the world of film. Several great directors of the classic era were releasing career capping classics that ranked among their best. Just a look at the titles is instructive Hitchcock's North By Northwest Billy Wilder's Some Like It Hot Howard Hawks' Rio Bravo Douglas Sirk's Imitation of Life. Add a couple from the previous year Orson Welles' Touch of Evil Hitch's Vertigo and Nick Ray's Wind Across the Everglades and you've got a pretty good summing up of what was possible within the classic Hollywood style.<br /><br />At the same time two films appeared that hinted at a whole new way of making films. One was Jean-Luc Godard's Breathless the other was John Cassavetes Shadows. The two films had certain things in common largely improvised acting by non stars handheld cameras low budgets and a certain youthful jazzy swagger. In certain ways though they couldn't be farther apart. Godard was still a believer in the director as arbiter of style. He knew more about film than most Hollywood producers and Breathless was filled with the iconography of the classic crime film. Cassavetes on the other hand was an actor and a refugee from New York's underground theater scene. His first film shows him little impressed with the cinema and a big believer in actors. Godard's film constantly references it's own artifice whereas Shadows aims for a certain kind of naturalism.<br /><br />It doesn't reach it mainly because naturalism is a myth particularly in cinema. But it feels powerful kinetic but lilting like the cool jazz on the score certainly the main inspiration for the filmmaking style on display here. It ultimately doesn't hold together mainly because Cassavetes' actors here are amateurish beatniks where Cassavetes style requires strong imaginative actors. His later work with Gena Rowlands Ben Gazarra and Peter Falk blows this out of the water. Due to the director's technical inexperience some bits of dialogue had to be redubbed later which defeats the freshness of the improvisation. Still it's fascinating to watch both for the great moments (like the scene where Leila Goldoni talks about her dissapointment with losing her virginity) and to watch a groundbreaking artist finding his way.
critique2750 Delightful Disney film with Angela Lansbury in fine form as a middle age spinster whose interest turns to witchcraft in World War 11 England.<br /><br />Lansbury was about age 51 at the time of the film and she is just ideal for the part. She is Jessica Fletcher again but this time it's for the benefit or children and for mother England during a time of great peril.<br /><br />The film follows the adventures of Miss Price (Lansbury) and David Tomlinson as the professor of witchcraft in trying to obtain certain information on sorcery. Those 3 little darlings sent to live with Price to escape the London bombings are just wonderful in this enchanting film for all of us regardless of age.<br /><br />Too bad that Tessie O'Shea Roddy McDowall and Sam Jaffe are given so little to do in this endearing film.<br /><br />I really thought of the Ben Stiller film-"Night at the Museum" at the end of the film when the relics come to life to do battle with the Nazi invasion in the small British coastal town.
critique2751 ... or was Honest Iago actually smirking at the end as he died?<br /><br />Loved how the Bard's iambic pentameter just rolled of Fishburne's tongue with excellent clarity and emotion.<br /><br />And how Branagh made Honest Iago seem to celebrate his own evilness...<br /><br />This is a wonderful film.<br /><br />I have often thought that Shakespeare is inherently not film-friendly: He uses words to create pictures in our minds which creates a perennial battle with the camera which only knows to show us what we need to think and feel. Every effort to film Shakespeare ought really to be celebrated. It is not an easy thing to do.
critique2752 There's perhaps a special reason why The Fox and the Child hit a special note in my heart. Having just said goodbye to my new fiancÃƒÂ©e - of oh...one day - for an unknown period of time I was a bit overwhelmed with varying emotions and was suffering the fallout from putting on the brave face she needed to see.<br /><br />I watched a few movies and TV shows but my interest darted from what I was leaving behind to what is out there and what I haven't seen. For that I have this movie to thank.<br /><br />Being a nature lover and having heard about the film beforehand I was sure I was going to like it anyway. But I didn't just like it I loved it.<br /><br />The technical mastery is astounding. How did they do it? How did they capture the animals in the way they did?? It's just wonderful.<br /><br />The moral of the tale is a good one and while the ending is oh so French and ambiguous it's a happy/sad one. Again it caught me a bit off-guard. As a man who usually keeps his emotions to himself the ending was tough going while on a plane full of people I would be seeing for the next 15 or so hours! Perhaps it's because the ending made me think back to what I left.<br /><br />But for those few hours on the plane I was happy to see something new and original. And that's life. Sure there are those things you love and feel comfortable around...but the great outdoors holds many a mystery. So the next time I see something out of the ordinary while out in the open; I'm going to explore it observe it and embrace it. That's precisely what happens in this movie and that's precisely what you should do with this darn good movie/nature doc too. 8/10 <br /><br />P.S. It's two months on from the plane journey. We still don't know when we'll see each other again but we will.
critique2753 Teen Deviyaan is a great film. A very breezy entertainer and a very modern film for its time in the 1960s. The Music and songs are terrific though the lyrics of Majrooh are meaningless at places. Dev Anand is a tremendous star and as usual does great justice to his role. Kalpana is sexy and Nanda is OK. Simi too is just about OK. The film has terrific dialogue by Vrajendra Gaur who wrote most of Dev Anand's films like Mahal Duniya Warrant Jaali Note Manzil etc.etc.<br /><br />It is a story of Dev getting attracted to three females - the mod Kalpana Simi and the homely Nanda. He eventually opts for Nanda. The story is about OK but its been narrated in a gripping way and the dialogue and Songs and the great Dev Anand are the highlight of the film. A must watch film for all Dev Anand fans.
critique2754 I think a lot of people just wrote this off as another one of Tom Cruise's weird movies (Magnolia Eyes Wide Shut) but Vanilla Sky is definitely its own movie. Many people said it was weird; it wasn't. It was different and confusing but not weird. Weird is Stanley Kubrick or Pauly Shore. Different is The Truman Show. Confusing is The Matrix or The Game. And unlike Kubrick this movie has a conclusion. Everything makes sense -- maybe not immediately maybe not even today but it will make sense. Vanilla Sky is confusing because David Aames (Tom Cruise) is confused. THAT'S the point. That's where the so-called "weirdness" that turned critics away came in. If they had bothered to "open their eyes" as the original 1997 Spanish movie they would have seen that. And if that's not enough reason to see it go see it for the music. Cameron Crowe offers a wonderful soundtrack; he uses it to set the "feel" -- that notorious element that many movies lack. With songs like The Beach Boys' "Good Vibrations" playing at the dramatic and emotional climax of the movie he creates an offbeat yet astoundingly "right" feel. A wonderful film in its script music acting and images Vanilla Sky is sadly a superficial bandwagon movie that critics chide in order to appear intelligent. Excellent: A+
critique2755 a pure reality bytes film. Fragile beautiful and amazing first film of the director. Represented Spain on the Berlinale 2002. Some people has compared the grammar of the film with Almodovar's films...Well that shouldn't be a problem...
critique2756 Most of the Atomic Age monster movies I saw on television as a kid- and some of them THE BLOB included scared the daylights outta me. Movies like INVADERS FROM MARS made it all too clear to us "small fry" that kids just weren't to be trusted when it came to things like things invading the Homeworld; THE BLOB just reiterated that fact. I recall fondly late evenings spent stretched on the floor watching as Body Snatchers and Martian Invaders and Blobs seeped into an unsuspecting society. There was a summer in the early 1980s when a local science museum (in Richmond Virginia) ran an Atomic Age classic every weekend. These were 16mm films and most were black and white (and the projector was noisy) and the "color" print of THE BLOB had faded to a faint pink- but man was it fun. I dragged my mother along and she enjoyed it as much as I did. It was there at that science museum that I truly fell in love with THE BLOB. The filmmaker's intent was of course to make money- but it was the sincerity of all involved from the filmmakers to the "talent" (the players) that made me fall in love with this movie. Corny? You bet. Cheesy? They don't get any cheesier. But man what a movie!
critique2757 Once upon a time in a castle...... Two little girls are playing in the garden's castle. They are sisters. A blonde little girl (Kitty) and a brunette one (Evelyn). Evelyn steals Kitty's doll. Kitty pursues Evelyn. Running through long corridors they reach the room where their grandfather sitting on an armchair reads the newspaper. Kitty complains about Evelyn while Evelyn is looking interestedly at a picture hanging on the wall. Evelyn begins to say repeatedly: "I am the red lady and Kitty is the black lady". Suddenly Evelyn grabs a dagger lying nearby and stabs Kitty's doll and then cuts her (the doll's) head. A fight ensues. And Evelyn almost uses the dagger against Kitty. The grandfather intervenes and the worst is avoided.<br /><br />Later on their grandfather tells them the legend related to the picture hanging on the wall in front of them in which a lady dressed in black is stabbing a lady dressed in red:<br /><br />"A long time ago a red lady and a black lady lived in the same castle. They were sisters and hated each other. One night for jealousy reasons the black lady entered the red lady's room and stabbed her seven times. One year later the red lady left her grave. She killed six innocent people and her seventh victim was the black lady. Once every hundred years the events repeat themselves in this castle and a red lady kills six innocent victims before killing the black lady herself."<br /><br />The grandfather ends his tale by saying that according to the legend sixteen years from now the red queen should come again and kill seven times. But he assures them that this is just an old legend.<br /><br />Sixteen years pass.....<br /><br />This is the very beginning of the film. There are many twists and surprises in the film. It's better for you to forget about logic (if you really analyse it the story doesn't make sense) and just follow the film with its wonderful colors the gorgeous women the clothes the tasteful decor the lighting effects and the beautiful soundtrack.<br /><br />Enjoy Barbara Bouchet Sybil Danning Marina Malfatti Pia Giancaro among other goddesses. There's a nude by Sybil Danning lying on a sofa that's something to dream about. And don't forget: The lady in red kills seven times!<br /><br />If you've liked "La Dama Rossa..." check out also "La Notte che Evelyn uscÃƒÂ¬ dalla Tomba".
critique2758 Has there ever been a movie more charming than this? One of the reasons everything works so well is that the group of actors really seem to interact and have an effect on each other's lives. The center of it is the "romance" of James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan who work together and can't get along face to face but who completely connect with each other anonymously as pen pals. But there are also supporting characters and unlike a lot of romantic comedies (including "You've Got Mail" the recent update of "Shop") they're not just whipped up to support the two leads and their needs. Everyone gets to be an intricate part of Ernst Lubitsch's rich tapestry of charm. One of the most heartwarming scenes in movie history takes place when the near-tragic Frank Morgan casually and humbly searches for someone to have Christmas dinner with. A must see! **** out of ****
critique2759 This movie does an excellent job of taking us all the way through the dark tunnel of espionage from the inception through the ultimate reckoning. The movie's impact is made even deeper with the realization that it is based on a true story. Timothy Hutton provides us with a quality understated performance and Sean Penn demonstrates why he is one of America's finest living actors. As with "Midnight Express" this movie should make us all think twice about doing something we shouldn't be doing in a foreign country.
critique2760 I took my 10-year-old daughter to see Nancy Drew over the weekend and found myself thoroughly entertained. First off it was clean and I mean by my standards. The majority of kids' movies today are full of crude toilet humor and gross-out jokes to elicit cheap laughter from the pre-teen crowd. Nancy Drew is smarter than that however and the humor is subtle and clever.<br /><br />The title role is played with a refreshing vivaciousness by Emma Roberts who is perky and polite without ever becoming annoying. Unlike The Brady Bunch Movie where the anachronistic characters are jeered and ridiculed Nancy's style is treated with respect and dignity. It's a great moment when the LA "style-conscious" girls with their Paris Hilton streetwalker attire are dismissed by the boutique owner while Nancy in her penny loafers and homemade Butterick pattern dress is embraced. This movie shuns the we-need-to-enlighten-this-wholesome-girl tack so many Hollywood movies take. Nancy remains true to herself and her values throughout.<br /><br />The mystery is just tense enough at times to be engaging. There were several suspenseful moments where my daughter nervously grabbed my arm but there were no gratuitous shock scenes. It's all based on tension and mood and is a lot of fun. The supporting cast is good particularly Marshall Bell as the creepy caretaker. There are some great cameos by Eddie Jemison Chris Kattan and Bruce Willis and many moments that will make adults smile.<br /><br />This film deserves better ratings than some have given it. Not only was I glad not to be dragged to yet another computer animated film where talking animals burp and pass gas all over the place but I was also very entertained. Had I been there without a child I still would've enjoyed the movie. This is one DVD that will have my daughter's name on it under the Christmas tree.
critique2761 This is the first Pepe Le Pew cartoon and in some ways it's very similar to the later ones but in a few other odd ways it is not. While the object of Pepe's affections IS a cat oddly it appears to be a BOY cat! This whole predicament occurs because a cat is tired of being abused by others and dresses up like a skunk and tries to smell like a skunk so it can be left alone. Unfortunately this attracts our hero Pepe. Most of the action is pretty typical until the very funny and unexpected ending--and this actually makes this one of the best of all cartoons in the series. Excellent animation (though the style is different than later examples) excellent writing and a good sense of humor make this one a keeper.
critique2762 As always controversial movies like this have mixed reviews. You either love it or you hate it and not everyone will like this movie. This shows the perspective of the killers which is something I personally feel is something important to consider. You may hate them you may claim to understand them and feel as though you can relate but regardless this movie will make you think about school shootings from a different perspective.<br /><br />The movie is shot entirely using a hand-held camera something that I think works quite well as it makes it more realistic. It is told completely from the killers point of view from their "missions" to family outings all leading up the big day "Zero Day" in which they are planning on a massacre at their school. Zero Day does not offer answers but merely presents a glimpse at the lives of two troubled young boys and lets the audience decide for themselves. Our feelings towards the boys are something mixed between sympathy and hatred but yet we are left confused as to why two ordinary young boys would do such a thing. They are shown to be surprisingly normal typical teenage boys leading ordinary lives and if we didn't know what they were planning we wouldn't expect a thing (They make it clear throughout the whole movie that no-one else knows about their plan)<br /><br />The acting is extremely good considering the two actors are complete unknowns. We can only hope to see more work from the both of them in the future. Despite how this is a fictionalized movie one cannot help but notice the obvious similarities to Columbine. Calvin and Andre are scarily similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold (not so much in looks but in manner) As someone who has researched Columbine very extensively I could see the similarities and it is almost certainly based on it. <br /><br />The actual massacre is shown through surveillance cameras at the school and is one of the most chilling things I have ever seen. I was completely in shock after seeing it and its a feeling that stays around for a while. It is very realistic and well-done and it is very difficult to watch.<br /><br />All in all Zero Day is an excellent movie and I think everyone should at least check it out. In the past we have always simply branded killers "psychopaths" and assumed that either they were biologically wired for disaster or had media influence but as Zero Day shows sometimes the motives are deeper than that and we can never truly understand why tragedies such as school shootings happen until we have seen it from the perspective of the killers.
critique2763 First of all I should point out that I really enjoyed watching this documentary. Not only it had great music in it but the shots and the editing were also wonderful. However all these positive things about the film does not change the fact that it plays to the orientalist "East meets West" clichÃƒÂ© that bothers many Turks like myself. Okay this film tells the story of traditional and contemporary Turkish music in a very stylish manner which is a good thing something that would show ignorant Europeans and Americans that this country is not just about murdering Armenians and Kurds. However the problematic of the film is that it looks at what it defines as "east" from the eyes of the "west". I mean like one jazz musician says in the film maybe there is no east and west maybe it is just a myth a lie created by the ruling leaders of "western" countries in order to keep fear and hostility alive so that they could continue ruling the world and "keep the cash flowing"? <br /><br />Why don't you think about that?
critique2764 After the SuperFriends and Scooby Doo left the Saturday morning airwaves in the fall of 1986 I pretty much stopped watching Saturday morning cartoons at that point since those were the only two that kept me tuning in. And since neither the Real Ghostbusters nor the Flintstone Kids seemed very promising to me I "retired" and started sleeping in on Saturday mornings. I only returned to Saturday morning TV in 1988 for that one year only for one and only one animated show. <br /><br />A new animated show of Superman was something I was not going to pass up. I was 17 and in high school at the time but so what! I loved this show. From what I can recall this series was a gift to fans I suppose in celebration of Superman's 50th birthday that particular year. It had the theme music and the music style reminiscent of John Williams movie score from the Richard Donner/Christopher Reeve Superman movies. I honestly felt that the animation style Ruby Spears did was reminiscent of the Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians series by Hanna Barbera a few years before. Sadly Danny Dark was not back as Superman but I felt Beau Weaver did a very impressive job as the voice of Superman and his Clark Kent was nerdy like the Chris Reeve version. After hearing him as Reed Richards/Mr. Fantastic on the 90's Fantastic Four I could still see this version of Superman in my mind. Ginny McSwain as Lois Lane. LOL! What a rhyme. She was a voice director for Hanna Barbera and Ruby Spears and I guess she took it upon herself to do Lois. Memories of the SuperFriends lingered in this series when it came to the voice over cast. Jimmy Olsen is Mark Taylor who on the SuperFriends was formerly Firestorm. Perry White is none other than former Batman TV writer Stanley Ralph Ross who on SuperFriends was Gorilla Grodd and Brainiac in the Super Powers shows. And Lex Luthor now a wise cracking billionaire tycoon is none other than SuperFriends voice alum Michael Bell whom I know best as Zan and the Riddler as well as many other characters on many other series. <br /><br />I felt this series was a combination of the movie Superman along with the post crisis John Byrne re envision of Superman with Lex Luthor as a billionaire tycoon Jonathan and Martha Kent being alive to see Clark as Superman. The Bruce Timm series and Lois and Clark would also do this. Unfortunately we never saw Brainiac Bizarro Toyman Metallo or Darkseid. Other than Luthor we saw only the Prankster and we did see General Zod. I especially enjoyed that one episode with Wonder Woman who was voiced over by BJ Ward who played her on the Super Powers Team as well. <br /><br />The episodes were smashing and I also enjoyed Clark's growing and development stories from infancy to childhood to adolescence to an adult moving to Metropolis in the short little segment Superman's Family Album. <br /><br />The only two things I didn't like. It only lasted one season. And after Wonder Woman's guest spot I was hoping Batman would turn up voiced over by Adam West (Still thinking about the Super Powers Team episodes I guess). I also hoped for it because on the Prankster episode the Metropolis baseball team was pitted against the Gotham Goliaths. <br /><br />Every popular Super Hero has one cartoon series that is ultra rare. For SpiderMan I feel it's the 1981 solo series that aired the same time as Amazing Friends. For the Incredible Hulk it's the 1982 cartoon. For the Fantastic Four it's the 1978 series with HERBIE the Robot. For Batman it's the New Adventures of Batman 1977 by Filmation featuring BatMite. But for Superman the rarest series is this one. <br /><br />Superman books and documentaries never cover or mention it. This is another series that WB should consider for DVD release. All in all this 1988 version of Superman is well....Super!!
critique2765 ''The Sentinel'' is one of the best horror movies already made in the movie's Industry! I think it is very scary as very few movies actually are. Alison Parker is a model with some fame. She dates a lawyer called Michael Lerman and has as a best friend another model called Jennifer. Everything was great in her life until she decides to live alone for some time and rents a beautiful and old apartment.<br /><br />The problem are her neighbors who are very VERY strange. Suddenly Alison starts to have health problems and faints with frequency; She also remembers some painful facts about her past that makes her have nightmares or illusions. But everything has a reason and it has to do with the new house she is living...<br /><br />I personally find ''The Sentinel'' a very creepy movie and along with ''The Exorcist'' they are two of the scariest movies I already watched. When we discover that Alison's house is only occupied by the priest and herself my blood froze! It's also horrible to see that she needs to become blind in the end of the movie in order to be the new sentinel to keep the monsters away from our world.
critique2766 Ghost Story(The New House) is a terrific horror story. This is from the Circle Of Fear and the Ghost Story series of the early seventies.The beginning and ending of each story is narrated by Sebastian Cabot. Remember him from the early family series Family Affair in the 1960s? This particular story has Barbara Parkins and David Birney as the lead actors and as the main characters in the story.I saw this recentlyand I was so scared!If you are aloneI would not recommend that you watch this.This story is terrificno gore or curse words but very scary. Barbara Parkins played the young bride. David Birney played her husband.Both actors were very good in their parts.If you like scary funterrifying ghost stories then you will like this little gem. I gave this a high rating.I highly recommend this story.
critique2767 This is the second Animatrix short and the first of them to be what one could call 'artistic'. It contains a lot of references metaphors and symbols in the dense amount of material especially with a running time of 9 minutes. I've heard some complaints that this is "anti-human" or tries to direct hate towards man for their "sins against machine". I don't think that's true; it merely uses the robots to show us that as humans we aren't particularly accepting or open-minded towards anyone different from ourselves. I'd say it does a great job of that. The plot is good... it plays as a historical document recounting what led to one of the main conflicts in the trilogy. Thus it holds clips from fictional news reports and the like. The voice acting is very good if there is not a lot of it. The animation is nice and the use of color in spite of the usually realistic drawing style makes it more open to do the smooth transitions and other surreal imagery. This has several bits of strong violence and disturbing visuals as well as a little nudity. The disc holds a commentary not in English but subtitled and worth a listen/read. There is also a well-done and informative making of based on both parts so I would advise watching it after seeing the next one as well. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys the Matrix universe and/or science fiction in general. 8/10
critique2768 The dreams of Karim Hussain are to be feared. When the right hemisphere of his characters overpowers the left shocking images of blood dismemberment and various abominations are released. Religion won't save you nor will mother nature or your own family. Hussain's dark poetry because that's what this film really is destabalizes all institutions of sanctuary.<br /><br />`Subconcious Cruelty' is a current crowd pleaser on the horror\fantasy festival circuit. The film's opening meditation on madness is both well written and profound. The protagonist's desire to profane the birthing process which brought him into the hell he inhabits unfolds with horrific and credible illogic. From here the film continues deeper into the subconcious and tackles mother nature. Hussain offers depictions of lusty pagan fertility and writhing mushroom madness. Nature is exposed as blood-drenched and violent in Hussain's frightening enlightenment.<br /><br />`Subconcious Cruelty' is disturbing to all and rewarding to those who see past the shock into the mature themes of life lust and madness this very worthy film explores. CJ Goldman deserves kudos for his special make-up as do David Kristian for unnerving sound design and Teruhiko Suzuki for score.
critique2769 Why has RamÃƒÂ³n(Carlos Fuentes)brought his five college mates to a spooky abandoned school building which used to service the black sheep children of wealth? That answer might just lie in a diary in his possession supposedly written by his dying father. What they come in contact with is in fact a relived episode involving another group of six with five of them presumably meeting graphic fates at the hands of a sadistic security guard(Paul Naschy)which occurred 20 some odd years ago. But as they seek out a way to escape from this place terror awaits them as that horrifying moment in time replays as the group run for their lives often in states of panic as the killer begins to hunt and destroy them in a various bloody ways. Will RamÃƒÂ³n and any of his pals survive this night of horror or becomes ghosts forever repeating the very same night like those before them?<br /><br />Stylish Spanish slasher has that professional gloss and potent shocking violence to match. Some witty exchanges between the characters..layered in their dialogue are pop-culture references to American horror films which might annoy some viewers. A demented Naschy is really ferocious with the kiddies as he attacks them gleefully..quite a bloodthirsty maniac who carries out his violent acts with relish. I found the loud musical cues a bit annoying and the filmmakers often use flashbacks from previous events in the film as reminders to the audience. I don't think these tricks are necessarily needed but felt the director wished to communicate in depth with the viewer hence the use of cues and flashbacks. A minor diversion for this film's plot keeps moving and the camera follows the pace of the characters and how they react to the chaotic situation presented to them. Your enjoyment of this film may ultimately come down to your acceptance of the paranormal supernatural aspects of the plot. Moments in time relived and a killer who continues his work seemingly from the grave. The twist does seem a bit jarring and abrupt but this might(..or might not)work considering how the story plays out regarding why RamÃƒÂ³n's father is shown amongst those ghosts re-enacting those grisly events two decades prior. I will say that this film probably wouldn't hold up if scrutinized in detail but as a slasher flick it's a breath of fresh air.
critique2770 Dan Dailey gives a sincere and colorful performance as the great Dizzy Dean. His handling of the character is very true to life and captures the flavor of Dean's background and limited education. The film of course centers around Dizzy Deans rise to fame and his sudden trip to the sidelines with an injury he chose to ignore much to his regret. His wife is splendidly portrayed by Joanna Dru who gives a very down to earth quality to the woman who loved and supported the ballplayer who rose to a "dizzying height" so quickly. The portrayal of Dizzy's later career as a sportscaster is honest and unflinching reflecting his troubles which stemmed from his poor education and his colorful language both on and off the air. Dizzy was quite a character and Daily has breathed life into his story with admirable skill. If you enjoyed this film I recommend the comedy "Kid from Left Field" (1953) wherein Daily plays a down and out has-been ballplayer idolized by his young son (Billy Chapin). Daily again fleshes out a ballplayer in a completely satisfying manner. I heartily recommend Pride of St. Louis to baseball fans everywhere.
critique2771 Notorious HK CATIII actor Anthony Wong is for once (well...not actually once - he was a cop in the DAUGHTER OF DARKNESS films and a few others...)not a psychopathic weirdo in EROTIC NIGHTMARE. Usually recognized for his role as a complete wackadoo in such CATIII "nasties" like THE UNTOLD STORY and THE EBOLA SYNDROME - this time Wong is on the receiving-end of the nastiness...<br /><br />Wong plays a guy who goes to a sorcerer who promises to give him really good dreams for a price. True to his word the dreams that Wong has involve having mad donkey sex with smokin' hot schoolgirls - but the dreams come with a price that's more than money. The sorcerer can manipulate the dreams and with the help of a sexy ghost blackmails Wong out of his cash and business kills his family and eventually kills Wong himself...Wong's brother comes to town to find out what's going on and eventually finds that his family's murder is the work of the evil sorcerer - but as it turns out - Wong's brother is a pretty dope-ass sorcerer himself and with the help of the sorcerer's abused wife - turns the tables on the sorcerer and his schemes...<br /><br />EROTIC NIGHTMARE is one of the more enjoyable CATIII films I've seen in a while. Absent is the gritty and dark feel of some of the other CATIII entries like RED TO KILL THE UNTOLD STORY or HUMAN PORK CHOP - EROTIC NIGHTMARE though still sleazy in terms of sex and subject matter is more "fun" then some of the more serious films of the genre. More comparable to ETERNAL EVIL OF ASIA - a more "carefree" CATIII entry that delivers plenty in terms of nudity and a good bit of gore without being overly comedic either. Definitely worth a look especially to the genre enthusiast. 8/10
critique2772 The quintessential Georgian film of Georgi Danelia Ne goryuy (1969) aka Don't Grieve is loosely based on the novel by French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Mon oncle Benjamin" The novel takes place in the country side of the 18th Century France. The Great French Revolution is still ahead but some of its stormy signs are present in society. Benjamin the local doctor is a soul of a local society the educated friendly democratic person who often treats the poor for free. It makes him very popular with the locals but most certainly does not help with his bank account. He is in love with a beautiful Manette who is also crazy about him but is being watched closely by her father who called his daughter "his small capital" and is determined to protect her virginity until the moment the marriage contract has been signed... I never read the book and from description it sounds like a charming very French novel but I am fascinated with the results of moving the characters and some plot elements from 18th Century France to the beginning of 20th century Georgia-Grusiya. I would think that it was Danelia who came up with all the colorful memorable characters that feel so much at home in his native Georgia-Grusiya the land of long and wonderful traditions including Art of making and drinking wine rare music talent that all Georgians seem to possess very unique humor and high code of honor. When we watched the film last night together with my husband he said what a great example of an Art film and I so agree with him. Don't Grieve is a perfect Art movie visually beautiful deep but funny at times sad and philosophical but never in a preachy arrogant way but optimistic celebrating life with all its beauty and sadness full of interest loving irony and understanding for its slightly eccentric but very human characters. What is the most important the film is warm and gentle it does not look down at its viewers as some of the Art pictures do. You don't have to be a movie buff to love it to live with it to smile and sigh at it to follow the good-hearted young Doctor Benjamin (first role in a Danelia film of famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze with whom Danelia would go on to make two more films including one of my all time favorites Mimino) on his journey through the roads and mountains of Georgia. Or to be a guest on one of a kind party where the friends gather to celebrate life of the old doctor Levan who wanted to be a guest on his own wake to hear what his friends have to say about him when he dies while he is still alive and who gets to choose which color he prefers for his coffin. When I watched the film I thought that it is a sort of movie that Federico Fellini might have liked. I was not surprised at all to find the article about Danelia where he names Fellini his number one director. I also found out that according Danelia the famous Soviet directors Leonid Gaiday (the creator of many beloved comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (the visionary whom I don't have to introduce loved another Danelia's film fairy tale about American boy Huck Finn Sovsem propashchiy) felt and spoke negatively about Don't Grieve while Fellini praised it highly. I dare go a little further and just guess that perhaps Maestro Fellini kept in mind some images and the very aura and atmosphere of Don't Grieve when he was making Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought because there is something essential that connects both films. Both Artists came back to their roots to the places that they love deeply to the people they remembered loved and wanted to honor. Both films have a lot of smiles through the tears. Both are Art movies that would get directly to the hearts of the viewers. Both are masterworks.<br /><br />I think I am going to add Georgi Danelia to the list of my favorite directors. He has made some of the brilliant pictures in my most favorite genre of dramedy even tragicomedies that are funny and bitter sweet poignant and subtle earthy and uplifting gentle and shining. When I looked up the list of the movies he has written/directed I was amazed at the fact that he has not made a single bad film since he started back in 1960 with the Award winning story of a young boy Seryozha. Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites as I am sure they are among his legions of fans. The man behind 'Seryozha Sovsem propashchiy (1972) which is an adaptation of Mark Twain The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn 33 Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964) aka Walking the Streets of Moscow Ne goryuy (1969) aka Don't grieve Afonya (1975) Mimino (1977) Osenniy marafon (1979) aka Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy which is a very fitting title for this movie as well as for the whole genre that Danelia practically invented and the cult favorite for over 20 years Kin-Dza-Dza (1986) is brilliant and deserves our true love and genuine gratitude for the unforgettable moments of cinematic happiness.
critique2773 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique2774 I enjoyed The Night Listener very much. It's one of the better movies of the summer.<br /><br />Robin Williams gives one of his best performances. In fact the entire cast was very good. All played just the right notes for their characters - not too much and not too little. Sandra Oh adds a wonderful comic touch. Toni Collette is great as the Mom and never goes over the top. Everyone is very believable.<br /><br />It's a short movie just under an hour and a half. I noticed the general release version is nine minutes shorter than the Sundance version. I wonder if some of the more disturbing images were cut from the movie.<br /><br />The director told a story and did it in straightforward fashion which is a refreshing change from many directors these days who seem to think their job is to impress the audience rather than tell a story and tell it well.<br /><br />Do not be sucker punched by the previews and ads. It is not a Hitchcockian thriller. See The Night Listener because you want to see a good story told well. If you go expecting Hitchcock you will be disappointed.<br /><br />My only complaint with the movie was the ending. The director could have left a little more to the audience's imagination but this is a minor quibble.
critique2775 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique2776 This movie is beautifully designed! There are no flaws. Not in the design of the set the lighting the sounds the plot. The script is an invitation to a complex game where the participants are on a simple mission.<br /><br />Paxton is at his best in this role. His mannerisms the infections used in the tones of his voice are without miscue. Each shot meticulously done! Surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour. This may not be the best picture of the year but it's a gem that has been very well polished. It's not for the simple mind.
critique2777 i like full house and step by step the same. i don't have a favorite episode i just like certain scenes. but some scenes i don't like but i haft to say the reason i started watching this show is because it had Suzanne Summers in it. and my most favorite character was Dana. and Karen could be a snob sometimes but she was good character also. i just like to watch family shows instead of trash that has a lot of drugs and violence. this show is a lot like other family shows where one of the parents are always strict about curfews and dates. other than step by step my other favorite shows are full house Sabrina the teenage witch gomer pyle usmc the andy griffith show and dukes of hazzard.
critique2778 A documentary about a nomadic tribe in Tibet going out to a dry lake to get salt does not sound very appealing. But this is not a popcorn movie but a visual cultural feast whereby you partake of a rapidly vanishing morsel of humanity. The superstitions the epic songs and poetry the faith of a people who truly believe in following their own unique patterns of life are something the West had in the times of Homer but that is now unfortunately completely foreign to most of us in the "developed" world. We have lost the spiritual serenity that comes from following well established patterns of life often with dire mental consequences in our increasingly soulless society. The film makers have woven us intimately into the fabric of these materially poor but spiritually rich and scrappy saltmen. And made us see that there was more to life than the shopping mall and pop culture. So disconnect your land lines turn off your cells turn off the driveway lights and sit back and ease yourself into a timeless adventure.
critique2779 Convicts is very much a third act sort of film. All the dialogue and character interaction that occurs within it comes out of the long wind-down of a late southern day. And by extension the life of its main character Soll (Robert Duvall).<br /><br />This is the first collaboration of director Peter Masterson and writer Horton Foote. Six years earlier the worked together on "The Trip to Bountiful" a film that seems almost action-packed in comparison to this one. Masterson is not necessarily a good director. In fact he's just barely this side of adequate. The slow pace leaves a lot of room for cinematographer Toyomichi Kurita who infuses the film with just the right sense of fragile light & warmth.<br /><br />Because this is essentially a filmed play with little in the way of editing or directing prowess it all comes to the acting. As far as I'm concerned there's no flaws here. Robert Duvall and James Earl Jones two of the best American actors (both born in January 1931) create characters that are wholly real uninterested in anything besides living. Lukas Haas a young actor who I was familiar with from "Testament" and "Witness" plays a character very much like his other early roles. He is quiet withdrawn slightly scared and sad somehow. These are qualities that seem natural from him.<br /><br />Perhaps a title like "Convicts" is a disservice to this film. That title along with the opening scene seem to create an image of a far more high-strung western type picture. If slow-paced stage productions don't interest you terribly you'll want to pass on this one as well. Otherwise this might be exactly the film you wish they made more often.<br /><br />Enjoy.
critique2780 I did it too. When i first saw the band i dismissed them straight away without even listening to the music. Then one day out of sheer curiosity i bought the cd and fell in love with it. So i bought the video. hold onto your lunch kids this isnt going to be pretty! the video was excellent - a great opportunity to hear the music see some of the promo videos and meet the band...although i *still* dont know how they can cope with wearing those masks all the time! a must for all fans of the band and fans of alternative music in general
critique2781 I saw this film on the A&E channel this past weekend. The mystery was okay I was not able to guess the culprit before the end. But I enjoyed the characters and their development much more than the mystery. There was a mystery about some of them especially George Abernathie performed by the wonderful Michael Fassbender and George's cousin Susannah. In fact the story of those two characters left me wanting to know more. From what I've tried to glee about the Agatha Christie book of the same title I think this film did not follow it to the letter. Very good performances by the actors involved especially Fassbender and the lady who played Cora/companion.
critique2782 The Coen Brothers have truly outdone themselves in this wonderful saga of three escaped convicts. Though it is based on "The Odyssey" the ancient work of Homer you do not have to have read "The Odyssey" to be able to follow the story. The brothers Coen have woven a tapestry of celluloid and aural delights! The soundtrack is intrinsic to the film indeed it is as though the soundtrack is the product and the film is wrapping paper. Each character is wonderfully exploited and harkens back to the days of old when films were rich with character actors whose very appearance in the film adds richness texture and authenticity. George Clooney is magnificent as the grease haired Everett Ulysses McGill a honest con on the run whose pompous linguistics and vocabulary are comical and endearing. O Brother Where Art Thou is easily the best Coen film to date as well as Clooney's best effort. Clooney is good enough to warrant a best actor nomination as is Tim Blake Nelson's portrayal of the dimwitted friend Delmar while the film itself is deserving of a Best film nod.
critique2783 This is the last film of a trilogy by the brilliant Turkish director Nuri Bilge Ceylan whose last film Mayis Sikintisi -which was very Cehovian- was shown in prestigious film festivals. Differing from his previous films the story of 'Uzak' is set on Istanbul which is one of the most crowded cities of the world. However in Ceylan's film we do see only minor traces of that huge crowd. Rather he choose to focus on two characters one photographer and one of his relatives who comes from his small village to find a job on transatlantic ships. The photographer who -we understand that- has also immigrated to the city seems to be inhabited the customs of the city life not only in material sense. In his relation to his relative we see him first as caring and tolerant however when he could not find a job our suburbian character starts to be disturbed for sharing his private 'space' with someone whose leaving date becomes ambiguous. I will not reveal the tactics he develops in order to pull his relative out of his life to prevent any harm on your viewing pleasure but it is enough to say that Ceylan shows us the tactics that we acquire within the routine of suburbian life; 'tactics' to keep our own private space 'tactics' in order not to communicate with other people 'tactics' to prevent our relationships from gaining a complex nature (since our own experience we believe that is complex enough).<br /><br />Ceylan's film presents a clear picture of what a human being becomes within the borders of modern (or postmodern ?) city by depicting the two characters in different manners. But he doesn't condemn any of the two characters for doing this rather he uses the power of cinematic language to underline this difference. For example in search of new opportunities we always see the character coming from the village in open spaces. Even within the house he prefers balcony as his favourite space. On the other hand we see the photographer always within the closed spaces and generally at his home. Although there are more than 10 million people out there and lots of adventures lots of interesting things to discover (or are there any?) he prefers sitting at home watching TV etc. His home is like his temple a kind of sacred place.<br /><br />Everyone living in a big city and conscious of the experience he is living through will find something belonging to himself in Uzak. If you like this film I am sure that you will like Ceylan's other two films Mayis Sikintisi (The Clouds of May) and Kasaba (The Town). Go and find them!.
critique2784 It's rare nowadays to find a romantic comedy that isn't incredibly disgusting in short doses throughout the entire movie (eg. Big Fat Greek wedding; Me Myself & Irene). There were only a couple of unnecessarily demented jokes in this movie nothing unpalatably profane. All around it was a cute movie with likable characters. I thought the ending was a little abrupt. It feels like they should have ended it at the world series for a real bang up finish. The acting left a little to be desired but was made up for by the pace of the story. If I'd known it was a Farrelly brothers movie I would have assumed it to be a stomach turning piece of garbage and not watched it but it seems that even they are capable of accidentally making an okay movie. Good for them I hope they pull their heads out the rest of the way and start consistently making good films.
critique2785 I'll be honestI finally checked this movie not because of the stars--though they were reasonably watchable and compellingparticularly the three leads--or even the compelling story of a breach in the Presidential Secret Service(somethingI've been informed through the DVD extras of this showhas yet to ever happen.Assuming that's truethat's remarkable!). I got it because it was directed and has a choice cameo by none other than Detective Meldrick Lewis!! WellokayClark Johnsonone of my faves from "Homicide:Life on the Street" and a veteran (mostly) TV director. I'd say that he does about as good as he can with a project that is watchable but pretty averagedespite the possibilities.<br /><br />Veteran and ace Secret agent Pete Garrison(Michael Douglass)has to find out both who is blackmailing him AND who killed his friendtargeted and blew up an Air Force One chopper and is gunning for the Prez.(David Rasche. Anyone remember "Sledgehammer"?). His affair with the first lady(Kim Basingerclearly one of the HOTTER first ladies we've ever hadfictional or real)is certainly not helping his standing. He's got to both ferret out the real mole in the service and avoid the hound dog like hunting of his former best friend and fellow agent and chief(Kiefer Sutherlandalmost still completely in "24" mode). Throw in some other pivotal Service agents(Martin Donovan and the foxysomewhat hard to buy as the gig Eva Longorria) and shady foreign characters and you have a fairly standard political thriller that doesn't aim as high as it purports and reaches the desiredif underwhelmingresults.<br /><br />The summary line is about the best way to describe how this show plays out without giving spoilers. The DVD extras to me seemed more insightful and interesting than the moviethough the film itself was entertaining enough to keep most (myself included) interested.
critique2786 Monstrous mother-son-duo (Alice Krige and Brian Krause) sucks life-force of virgins and their newest target is pretty but lonely Tanya (Madchen Amick). However these monsters are allergic to cat's scratches... I have never been fan of sleazy overrated bestsellerists like King Koontz or Barker but this B-movie written by Mr Dung himself is actually not near as bad than it could be. Yes it is sometimes jaw-droppingly atrocious but there is actually some surprisingly impressive touches: good old-fashioned graveyard eerie soundtrack and candlelit-Gothic-house-scene mirror showing the monstrous form of the villains etc. Of course the film is polluted by Mr Dung's potty-mouthed dialogue and all-tactics-of-toilet-seat obsession to vilify fat people leading to totally pointless subplot of rapist teacher but there is roses among manure.
critique2787 It's said that this film is or was banned in the US since it was released. Since there is no information on IMDb I must rely on my other sources and believe it. If this is really true the movie is even more hurtful and frightening and is it is anyway.<br /><br />The movie is a so-called mockumentary although I think the topic is too serious call it like that. It creates a scenario where America is like a military state and all revolutionary objects are arrested immediately without proof. After an obligatory tribunal they have to decide if they go to prison for some years or choose the punishment park. In that they have to walk through the desert for three days to reach an american flag posted 50 miles ahead while they're are followed by police and army troops.<br /><br />The movie itself pretends to be a documentary about these incidents and follows both the tribunals and the hunting through the desert filmed by european film crews. All the facts are explained the interviewers ask questions and film everything. People stare directly into the camera shouting at it. It seems very very real. Talking about realism here is nonsense. This movie is not about how to make a realistic film it is about how such a film would look like if it was real. And it certainly would look like this. If it would be filmed anyway. In an 'utopian' state like this there surely wouldn't be a european film crew allowed to film those things.<br /><br />There are many things that frighten us. The defendants are people from all social classes. Political leaders musicians authors philosophists unemployed etc. They seem to be hopeless rebellious or scared. They are no heroes. They talk a lot in the tribunal knowing it doesn't lead to anything saying nevertheless all they said in speeches and books and songs before. One says he's not afraid to die. Is this true? Well he doesn't have to run through the desert hunted by cops. The defendants have no chance or at least their only chance the decision between prison and punishment park is no chance really. The way they decide in the end and the way film ends makes it clear that this kind of heroism is suicide.<br /><br />These tribunals remind us a lot of tribunals in the Third Reich. The officials use the same kind of idealistic speeching ignoring all the arguments from the defendants starting to scream at them and then telling them they should be quiet. They warn the defendants of "watching their language" and insult them much more. They ask them questions the defendants can not answer but it's never intendend they should. These scenes are a statement about what we call justice.<br /><br />The scenes in the desert are on a different level. When we see the prisoners for the first time we realize that they realize they haven't got a chance. Seeing the desert and the mountains feeling the sun and the thirst they don't have a clue how they should stand this free days. The film crew follows them and talks to them while they try to escape this madness. They argue should they play the game or escape or revolt? It all leads to the same and no one is surprised. Some will question if such parks would exist in reality in such a state? Why not? It empties the prisons and allows the government to punish the revolutionaries as they want to. It is not a gas chamber but the Nazis killed jews before concentration camps were built. The comparison is fair since they is no real difference.<br /><br />The movie is scary and depressing. The problems that are talked about sound to familiar to ignore. These is not science-fiction. Talking about poverty unemployment and crime is not utopic. The film shows us that government and democracy as it is presented to us is not only useless but dangerous. It also shows us that revolution is not definitely the solution. The defendants seem to be confused because they don't really know how to fight this. They do things but for nothing. Even is this delivers no solution to us it still is a statement.<br /><br />To me the most frightening thing is the fact of the banning of this movie. Here we have a film that accuses the loss of freedom moral and peace. It accuses the government a fictional goverment nevertheless to be dangerous and inhuman. And such a film is banned. Think about it when you see the american flag the next time.
critique2788 If you watch this series you will get an interesting 10 chapters about a sleeper cell's story and each characters. And more intense with a FBI's infiltrate.<br /><br />Nice story nice characters and performs but something is wrong (for me of course). The final is wrong. You wait ten chapters hoping a great final (it doesn't matters if they fulfill its objectives or not) but.. well... I think is not enough. Its a small final for a big series. Also I hoped more definitions about characters stories.<br /><br />But I repeat it's and interesting miniseries. If you don't want to wait with large series (22-24 chapters) watch it. I give 7 of 10.
critique2789 This is a great show despite many negative user reviews. The aim of this show is to entertain you by making you laugh. Two guys compete against each other to get a girl's phone number. Simple. The fun in this show is watching the two males try to accomplish their goal. <br /><br />Some appear to hate the show for various reasons but I think they misunderstood this as an "educational" show on how to pick up chicks. Well it is not it is a comedy show and the whole point of it is to make you laugh not teach you anything. If you didn't like the show because it doesn't teach you anything don't watch it. If you don't like the whole clubbing thing don't watch it. If you don't like socializing don't watch it. This show is a comical show. If you down by watching others pick up girls well its not making you laugh so don't watch it. If you are so disappointed in yourself after watching this show and realizing that you don't have the ability to "pick-up" girls there is no reason to hate the show simply don't watch it!
critique2790 Like another poster mentioned Ch. 56 (a local Boston TV station) showed this multiple times over the years on Saturday afternoons. They paired it with the first sequel "Return of the Ginat Majin".<br /><br />Now I haven't seen it since then...but it never left me. Aside from the atrocious dubbing and faded color this was a pretty good fantasy. Technically it isn't horror...until the statue comes to life at the end. It's just about a village ruled over by an evil man. There's a giant stone statue there that the villagers keep praying to to help them...to no avail. But things go too far the statute comes to life and destroys the bad guys...but then it starts going after the good guys too! Well-done with some cool special effects at the end (LOVED how he got rid of the main bad guy). Also there was an enchanted forest worked in which was kind of interesting too.<br /><br />No masterpiece but an unusual combo fantasy/horror film. Worth catching--but not if it's the dubbed print.
critique2791 Personally I absolutely love this movie and novel(I read the book first and decided to see the movie). First of all the plot is truly original and one of a kind. The acting is also great and i love the cast. Judd Crandall (plays Fred Gwynne) fits his role perfectly and really sells it to you. There are also a few corny lines thrown in there (Idk if they were meant to be corny) but they really will lighten up the mood and provide a good laugh. The Maine atmosphere is really a perfect spot to film this movie and it kind of draws you in throughout the movie. Not only will you love it but you'll want to see it again and again I recommend this 100% to any horror fan!!
critique2792 Engaging characters nice animation dynamite songs...all this and cute kitties too. There's a lot of excellent humor but no real menace so don't worry about your little ones. The two farm dogs steal the show even though they only appear in two scenes. The artwork has a linear quality that may put off some people but I find it charming.
critique2793 This movie is one of my very favorites. It's hard to explain why. Maybe it's the innocence of Corin Nemec and his awkwardness paired with the boldness of Cheryl Pollak but it definitely has something to do with the soundtrack. Also some of the characters have little lines or movements or moments that are amusing in and of themselves. Finally the story is one that always tugs at my heartstrings and the last scene is so bittersweet. All in all I love this movie; it's perfect for a gooey sentimental girls' night.
critique2794 Based upon the novel The Dismissal by Ermanno Rea in essence the story's about the slow friendship that develops between an Italian maintenance technician Vincenzo Buonavolonta (Sergio Castellitto who can be seen as the villainous King in Prince Caspian and was the lead in Bella Martha) and a Chinese translator Liu Hua (Ling Tai). They set off actually on the wrong foot with the former chastising the latter for her inaccurate and slow translations of what he wanted to tell a Chinese delegate who had bought equipment that is faulty. Vincenzo wants to do the right thing which is rare in these days and that is to tell the prospective buyers upfront the faults as well as the intricacies that their purchase would bring and given that he's disturbed by the fact that the deal still went ahead he takes time off to craft a component that would set things right.<br /><br />But that also means to travel to China in search of the elusive machine which proves to be well hidden and seemingly having vanished without a trace. With the initial reluctant help of Liu Hua they set off in this treasure hunt from city to city which brings us to lesser seen sights of China away from the Beijings and the Shanghais to cities like Wuhan with industrial like backdrops such as steel mills and nuclear plants with their smoke stacks dotting the scenery. The mighty Yangtze River also makes an appearance. Along the way the usual trappings of such travelogue styled movies come into play such as the learning of culture ideals food and basically the understanding that the world is without strangers if only one makes an effort to try and connect. While hints of some romance between the two leads are suggested it rarely made itself to be a moot point until perhaps late in the movie (hey opposites attract no?)<br /><br />Besides the major industrial plants and factories We get to see various cottage industry like seamstresses working in sweat shop like environments and I believe Cotton too along with noodle making. As a film it provided me the travelling opportunity without leaving my seat to observe and credit to it for not passing judgement from a moral high ground on exploitation and the likes. And kudos too for the movie to engage in dialogue based on the characters' native tongues rather than (and I shall not name names here) some other movie / cross-cultural collaborations where dialogue is forced-dubbed and came off unnatural and truly irksome. Some might deem the supporting characters to be too kind too always opening their arms and doors to a foreigner but I would like to imagine that maybe in the more rural areas people in general tend to be more sincere friendly and basically not get caught up in the rat race to trample on others or be trampled upon.<br /><br />If there's a message to take away from the movie besides the fact that I mentioned that the world is without strangers is a reminder to myself that some of the stuff I deem important may not be so to others. Importance is something one places upon something else and its basis really depends on how we define the boundaries we set. So given our finite lifetime I think I should lighten up a bit more live and let live and sometimes bask in the illusion that ignorance could be bliss.
critique2795 Red Skelton was still another major star who made the transition from movies to television with ease.<br /><br />His shows certainly brought a laughter to the American households of years back.<br /><br />He would begin the show with an opening monologue. Afterwards we would have a variety of characters. Remember Gertrude and Heathcliff in the monologue? How can we ever forget San Fernando Red? I remember one episode where as a king Red introduced his queen by referring to her as your fatness.<br /><br />Go know that Red would use his comedic talents to really hide from his tragic life. He lost a son to leukemia at age 11 or so. His wife Georgia died by suicide.
critique2796 Beforehand Notification: I'm sure someone is going to accuse me of playing the race card here but when I saw the preview for this movie I was thinking "Finally!" I have yet to see one movie about popular African-influenced dance (be it popular hip hop moves breaking or stepping) where the main character was a Black woman. I've seen an excessive amount of movies where a non-Black woman who knew nothing about hip hop comes fresh to the hood and does a mediocre job of it (Breakin Breakin 2 Save the Last Dance Step Up) but the Black women in the film are almost nonexistent. That always bothered me considering so much of hip hop African-influenced dance and breaking was with Blacks and Latinos in massive amounts in these particular sets and it wasn't always men who performed it so I felt this movie has been a long time coming. However the race does not make the film so I also wanted it to carry a believable plot; the dancing be entertaining; and interesting to watch.<br /><br />Pros: I really enjoyed this film bringing Jamaican culture. I can't recall ever seeing a popular mainstream film where all the main characters were Jamaican; had believable accents; and weren't stereotypical with the beanies. The steppers family friends and even the "thugs" were all really intelligent realistic people who were trying to love live and survive in the neighborhood they lived in by doing something positive. Even when the audience was made aware that the main character's sister chose an alternate lifestyle it still didn't make the plot stereotypical. I was satisfied with the way it was portrayed. I LOVED the stepping; the romantic flirty relationship going on between two steppers; the trials that the main character's parents were going through; and how she dealt with coming back to her old neighborhood and dealing with Crabs in a Barrel. I respected that she was so intelligent and active at the same time and so many other sistas in the film were handling themselves in the step world. They were all just as excellent as the fellas. I don't see that in too many movies nowadays at least not those that would be considered Black films.<br /><br />Cons: I'm not quite sure why the directors or whoever put the movie together did this but I question whether they've been to real step shows. Whenever the steppers got ready to perform some hip hop song would play in place of the steppers' hand/feet beats. At a real step show there is zero need for music other than to maybe entertain the crowds in between groups. And then when hip hop songs were played sometimes the beat to the song was off to the beat of the steppers' hands and feet. It was awkward. I was more impressed with the stepping in this movie versus "Stomp the Yard" (another great stepping movie) because the women got to represent as fierce as the guys (in "Stomp the Yard" Meagan Good got all of a few seconds of some prissy twirl and hair flip and the (Deltas?) let out a chant and a few steps and were cut immediately). Even when there were very small scenes the ladies tore it up especially in the auto shop and it was without all that music to drown out their physical music. I know soundtracks have to be sold but the movie folks could've played the music in other parts of the film.<br /><br />I'm not a Keyshia Cole fan so every time I saw her all I kept thinking was "Is it written in the script for her to constantly put her hand on her hip when she talks?" She looked uncomfortable on screen to me. I thought they should've used a host like Free or Rocsi instead. Deray Davis was funny as usual though. Also I groaned when I found out that the movie was supposed to be in the ghetto like stepping couldn't possibly happen anywhere else. Hollywood as usual. However only a couple of people were portrayed as excessively ignorant due to their neighborhood and losers which mainstream movies tend to do.<br /><br />I would've given this movie five stars but the music playing killed it for me. I definitely plan to buy it when it comes out and hopefully the bonus scenes will include the actual step shows without all the songs.
critique2797 We all enjoyed the movie. It is a very charming family film with many fun cameos. It was fun to see Austin musicians Charlie Robison Joe Ely and Robert Earl Keen in the film as well as turns by famous actors Julia Roberts and Bruce Willis. Emma Roberts is especially cute in the film however all the children are good. The west Texas scenery is great as is the soundtrack full of Texas artists. The last half seemed a bit far fetched to me however my son was interested throughout the film which is not so often with him. Something in the storyline was captivating for children. Having shown calves as a child I really liked the ending. That is definitely not the way it really works unless you have heifers.
critique2798 Paul Verhoeven's predecessor to his breakout hit 'Basic Instinct' is a stylish and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven has become known for making somewhat sleazy trash films both in his native Holland and in America and this film is one of the reasons why. The Fourth Man follows the strange story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen KrabbÃƒÂ©); a gay alcoholic and slightly mad writer who goes to Vlissingen to give a talk on the stories he writes. While there he meets the seductive Christine Halsslag (RenÃƒÂ©e Soutendijk) who takes him back to her house where he discovers a handsome picture of one of her lovers and proclaims that he will meet him even if it kills him.<br /><br />Paul Verhoeven twists the truth many times in this film and that ensures that you never quite know where you are with it. Many of the occurrences in The Fourth Man could be what they appear to be but they could easily be interpreted as something else entirely and this keeps the audience on the edge of their seats for the duration and also makes the film work as this narrative is what it thrives on. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker that feels he has to restrain himself and that is one of things I like best about him. This film features a very shocking scene that made me feel ill for hours afterwards (and that doesn't happen very often!). I wont spoil it because it needs the surprise element to work...but you'll see what I mean when you see the film (make sure you get the uncut version!). There is also a number of other macabre scenes that are less shocking than the one I've mentioned but are lovely nonetheless; a man gets eaten by lions another one has a pipe sent through his skull a boat is smashed in half...lovely.<br /><br />The acting in The Fourth Man isn't anything to write home about but it's solid throughout. Jeroen KrabbÃƒÂ© holds the audience's attention and looks the part as the drunken writer. It is RenÃƒÂ©e Soutendijk that impresses the most though as the femme fatale at the centre of the tale. Her performance is what Sharon Stone would imitate nine years later with Basic Instinct but the original fatale did it best. Paul Verhoeven's direction is solid throughout as he directs our attention through numerous points of view all of which help to create the mystery of the story. Verhoeven has gone on to make some rubbish but he obviously has talent and it's a shame that he doesn't put it to better use. Of all the Verhoeven films I've seen this is the best and although it might be difficult to come across; trust me it's worth the effort.
critique2799 All right - it was in black and white and probably on 2" tape - which means the BBC wiped it right? But it stays in my mind from all those years ago (1960??) as a perfect slice of history enlivened by the most innovative editing and wonderful actors full of youth and bravado.<br /><br />I WANT TO SEE IT AGAIN! Are you reading this BBC? Find your original 2" tapes or the 35mm film deal with the actors and directors for the rights and re-issue! I know I know some of them are dead some of them are missing in action.<br /><br />Where else will I be able to see Mary Morris as the 'serpent's heart wrapped in a tiger's hide'? Where else will I be able to see Paul Daneman do 'Now is the winter of discontent....'? Or Robert Hardy deliver his speech about 'that idol ceremony'?
critique2800 SPOILER ALERT! Don't read on unless you're prepared for some spoilers.<br /><br />I think this film had a lot beneath its shell. Besides the apparent connections with "Oldboy" (and Park-wook's other films) an incestuous relation in this one really disturbed me and also the subtle erotic theme that hung around all the vampiric physical action.<br /><br />The main actor Kang-ho Song is terrific in the rÃƒÂ´le of the priest Sang-hyeon - coincidentally "sang" means "blood" in some languages - who truly loved Tae-ju played by OK-bin Kim. Their relationship reminds me a lot of that between Martin Sheen and Sissy Spacek in "Badlands" where the girl appears psychopathic and the man is basically wrapped around her finger.<br /><br />Their relationship is one thing but the girl's mother is entirely different. While moving she is stiff one-dimensional and taut but paralysed she says all through not moving or through the wink of an eye.<br /><br />Park-wook has really really mastered his cinematography in this film and owes a lot to Stanley Kubrick; there are a whole lot of beautiful shots strewn throughout the film some for simple effects and some that require several glances and probably repeated views to fully catch.<br /><br />The music is quite stock using mostly strings to accompany the main thespian's monoreaction; it's a very good thing that the character is as withdrawn as he is. While he does very little and loses at that he seems to instead be a person who thinks a lot. While his love-interest says and does a lot her actions display very little thought behind it. In my humble opinion.<br /><br />All in all a very disturbing film that is not made for action which isn't even in the same dimension as most things that are about vampires these days; it's magnificent and repellant at the same time.
critique2801 It's been quite some time since I've watched this LOTR. I am currently hunting for a copy to purchase. Bakshi's work is quite true to the original work. The visuals are engrosing and sometimes haunting.<br /><br />Drawbacks? Occasionally the movie is confusing or muddled. There are one or two times where the storyline slows to a crawl. But overall -- buy this movie. It's great for kids adults and collectors.
critique2802 I loved this film and recommend it to anyone who like a good spy spoof and who thought Johnny English was an embarrassment. This is the film JE should have been. But it's based on an old French films series so it's not really Bond related.<br /><br />The production is brilliant you'll almost believe the film was shot back in the 60's. It even has that same pastel kind of colouring films had in those days. Jean Dujardin plays his part with just the right amount of dumbness and naivety not with ham fisted pantomime silliness like Rowan Atkinson And even if you don't like the film you will want to see it for Berenice Bejo. Ooh la la! She is the hotness ...
critique2803 The Jazz Singer is one of a number of films made in the late 1940's and 1950 about the Jewish experience in the United States. Other than Crossfire(1947) and Gentleman's Agreement(1947) which dealt with anti-semitism they usually had a musical-theatre background. These films included The Jolson Story(1946) Jolson Sings Again(1949) The Eddy Duchin Story(1951) The Eddie Cantor Story(1953)The Benny Goodman Story(1956) and Margorie Morningstar(1958). The leading actors in these "Jewish" films were always played by non-Jews. For example Larry Parks a non-Jew played Al Jolson and Gene Kelly played Noel Airman in Marjorie Morningstar. This casting was probably done to make the Jewish theme palpable to a mainly non-Jewish audience. The Jazz Singer(1952) is no different. Danny Thomas was a devout Catholic and Peggy Lee was certainly not Jewish although she plays a non-practicing Jewess in the film. The clue to her background is when she attends the Golding's family meal before entering she says "I haven't been to a sader (passover service) since I left home".<br /><br />The film is about a cantor's son who has just left the service after seeing action in Korea. His dilemma is whether to become a cantor a family tradition or to be a singer in musical theatre. His choice of theatre leads to an inevitable conflict with his father.<br /><br />However there is much more to this film than this. This film was made after the Rosenberg trial during the McCarthy whitchhunts and the Hollywood blacklist. Therefore in this film the Jews are shown as good loyal citizens and<br /><br />are quintessentialy American. The synagogue choir would rather play baseball than practice. The cantors friends also talk about baseball in fact one of them is a Major League umpire. The synagogue itself dates back to 1790 and George Washington is said to have visited. Therefore Jews are presented as part and parcel of American society. Nobody in this film has a Eastern European accent. Peggy Lee appeared in very few feature films. In this film you get to see her sing "Lover" and "Just One of Those Things" wonderful. Danny Thomas is quite credible and he acts and sings the part very well. The comedic routines could have been left out. Yes the film is schmaltzy and sentimental but it is well worth seeing. I enjoyed it very much.
critique2804 I have a thing for old black and white movies of this kind movies by Will Hay and Abbot & Costello especially as those are my favourites. I picked this movie up on DVD as it was using the same idea as Will Hay's "Oh Mr Porter" which is one of the finest comedies ever made. I just finished watching this movie less than ten minutes ago (the movie finished at 12:45am). I find that movies of this kind to do with Ghost Trains etc are best viewed at night time with the lights out. That way you get into the storyline more and night time viewing works well with this movie.<br /><br />The one-liners in the movie may seem a little dated to some viewers I guess this depends on the viewer. They are not dated to me though. I am 28 and even though I am not old enough to have been around when this movie was first released (my dad was though). I still have a lot of appreciation for some of the old movies of this kind. Sitting in the room in front of the TV with some snacks and drinks and kicking back and relaxing at night while watching these movies not many things can beat the feeling you get while doing this. It is an escape from reality for a while.<br /><br />I noticed that one of the men in the movie (he has a black mustache) he appears about three quarters of the way through the movie after his car crashes and he is looking for a woman he was followed to the station. This man was in the Will Hay classic "The Ghost of St Michaels" as well. Just thought I'd point that out in case no one noticed :).<br /><br />The set pieces in the movie are very atmospheric. Outside the abandoned station looks good and as if there is not a soul for miles in any direction and the inside of the station is very cosy looking away from the rain storm that is outside. I felt like I would have loved to have been there in the movie with the cast. The atmosphere in this movie is something that is missing from a lot of movies now. It keeps you hooked from the moment the movie starts till it finishes.<br /><br />We need more of this type of movie in todays market. But sadly it could be over looked in favour of movies with nudity and swearing and crude humour. This sort of movie making era (The Ghost Train Oh Mr Porter etc) to me is the golden age of cinema!.
critique2805 I loved this movie. It is a definite inspirational movie. It fills you with pride. This movie is worth the rental or worth buying. It should be in everyones home. Best movie I have seen in a long time. It will make you mad because everyone is so mean to Carl Brashear but in the end it gets better. It is a story of romance drama action and plenty of funny lines to keep you tuned in. I love a lot of the quotes. I use them all the time. They help keep me on task of what I want to do. It shows that anyone can achieve their dreams all they have to do is work for it. It is a long movie but every time I watch it I never notice that it is as long as it is. I get so engrossed in it that it goes so quick. I love this movie. I watch it whenever I can.
critique2806 I like this movie because it is a fine work of cinema made by people who care enough to make it art and not just home movies. It is filled with Super-surfer Greg Noll's home movies and a boatload of amateur video from others who align themselves with his 50-year passion. Nevertheless it has been expanded to the degree that it approaches aesthetic glory. It is filled with artistic talent and athletic talent however trivial you might think surfing to be athletic. Surfers are not astronauts nor test-pilots. Nor are they surgeons(perhaps) or Ph.d's(again perhaps). It believes in the quest of the surfer. It believes in the beauty of human goofiness. It believes in the great gift of peace which comes from the cessation of war. Surfers celebrate the cessation of war on the north beach of an Hawaiian island attacked by Japanese zeroes fifteen years before. It celebrates the down-time of a country which fought a cold war-instead of a hot-war - with the Russian socialists. Surfing is the ultimate narcissism. It is dangerous but only slightly historical. I suspect Alexander the Great would not be celebrated for his surfing technique. He had to go out and conquer a few dozen countries to get the favorable press he has received. This movie has no military heroes. It has no guns. The only beach-head surfers conquer has a beer-stand and and a surfboard shop. This is not a problem. Peace is not desperate. It is the joy of exhalation.
critique2807 It's great to see Jorja Fox in a role where she gets to smile a lot. Also loved hearing her sing. Nice change to see her out of her CSI/West Wing/ER roles. The movie itself was entertaining but it seemed skip some explanation in a lot of parts. Several of the characters seemed to be miserable one minute and happy the next and it was left up to your imagination to figure out why. Each character was quirky though and in some cases I couldn't wait to see what they would do next or hear what they would say next. This movie wasn't full of squeaky clean people but rather complicated realistic people who could make mistakes feel bad about them and then find a way to fix them.
critique2808 Probably grossly underrated by all who never experienced the hell of living under communist regime. Although it seems hard to believe all of it happened actually the reality was even worse than the movie. It resembles Orwellian fiction only this is no fiction. John Hurt is excellent as always. Yes the screenplay is not full of action but life is not either. Plot is breathtaking. Yes people were shot yes thousands of them. Their 'crime' was that they wanted to leave communist 'paradise' without government authorization. At times the movie drives tears in your eyes. We need more movies like this to really appreciate what America provides for us. Excellent movie highly recommend! God bless our country USA!
critique2809 It's easy to make really general comments about a film like this. The fact that it's one of the only remaining Japanese films from this era causes people to say that it "started Japanese cinema" and was "unlike anything the west ever made." The latter of these two comments is particularly false as Kinugasa himself admitted to ripping off "Caligari" on more than one occasion. But style was meant to be imitated and doesn't take away from this film's importance. What we have here is experimental themes and composition built on already established visual styles opening the doors for a truly brilliant layering of narratives and realities. For this purpose the madhouse is the ideal setting and the writers knew this. This is a landmark film and every effort should be made to track it down.<br /><br />5 out of 5 - Essential
critique2810 Years ago I read the book 'A MÃƒÂ¡quina' (The machine). As I re-read this little book again and again I could never stop getting more and more fascinated by the imagination of the writer and the richness of the Brazilian culture.<br /><br />When I knew about the movie I was really scared that someone would spoil one of my favorites books! Well happily my fears were unjustified and the movie is such a wonderful and delicate piece of art.<br /><br />I can't recall of any other movie that could bring tears to my eyes due to the very beauty of the text. Also I can't recall such a powerful performance like Gustavo FalcÃƒÂ£o's.<br /><br />You can see and feel how colossal his love for Karina is. You can realize that he'll move mountains and do anything for this love.<br /><br />Do see this movie watch it thru the eyes of the kid that lives inside you enchant yourself!
critique2811 This film for what it was set out to be succeeded. It's a short tragic film. Although my choice of film are ones that really develop characters and their relationships this film is meant to just give a taste leaving you with the "what happens next" factor. After watching it I really was wanting more more of the characters back story what influences they had to make them into the people they were. I think thats what the makers intended the viewing audience to think. The acting is amazing. There aren't many lines in the film so their body language facial expressions and overall presence needed to be powerful enough to withhold a scene. Both Franco and Miner have that element and it shows. For them (especially Franco) to take the time to make this obviously says they believed in this film and wanted to be apart of it and for that I appreciated the film for what it was. Also I'm happy I own it so I can share it with other people that would've never known it existed.
critique2812 For anyone who may not know what a one-actor movie was like this is the best example. This plot is ridiculous and really makes no sense. It's full of cliched situations hackneyed lines melodrama comedy... you name it!<br /><br />But Amitabh Bachchan can make anything convincing and this movie is by no means an exception. Everyone turns in a decent performance - Shashi Kapoor Waheeda Rehman Ranjit Om Prakash Smita Patil... But it is the Megastar who overshadows everyone with his towering presence. Without him this movie would have been a non-starter... The story is about separation / mistaken identities / misunderstandings / love / hate / loyalty / good vs evil - everything really! Amitabh's is a brilliant performance on all counts in an otherwise silly film! And did I mention that it is ridiculously funny?
critique2813 Brian De Palma's undeniable virtuosity can't really camouflage the fact that his plot here is a thinly disguised "Psycho" carbon copy but he does provide a genuinely terrifying climax. His "Blow Out" made the next year was an improvement.
critique2814 Johnny Dangerously falls completely in the hit or miss category with it's overblown gags and complete lack of a comprehensive script or story that makes ANY sense. But that's the point right?<br /><br />The cast is likable; Michael Keaton an excellent comic performer before he took himself too seriously as the years passed. Griffin Dunne Peter Boyle Joe Piscopo Marilu Henner and Danny DeVito all perform with enthusiasm and at least get a lot of laughs from me. But the complete scene stealer here is Richard Dimitri (sneaking the word "Iceholes" into movie history) as a mobster who fares best at murdering the English language.<br /><br />I associate many childhood memories with this film as I watched it quite often so maybe I'm prone to enjoy it more than many others. Johnny Dangerously is at least a completely innocent gangster film spoof that even relays some well meaning messages about the dangers of smoking (and sex).<br /><br />I like it but it's hard to recommend.<br /><br />7 out of 10.
critique2815 It's just one of those films you're either love it or hate it my girlfriend and me loved it told my brother to rent it and he hated it said it was too flashy and colloquial then again he only usually goes to see big action movies so probably not enough explosions left him disappointed. There were some great new talent (I'd never heard of the leads before anyway)? Des Brady (the directors brother?) was especially good. Playing a right dick at the start I thought he never would redeem himself but he managed to crawl out of the dark hole he had created and by the end I was really routing for him. A very surprising film with a whole lot of heart if you can live without a body count and explosions then this one is very original. Yashimo. Brixton in the UK.
critique2816 In Panic In The Streets Richard Widmark plays U.S. Navy doctor who has his week rudely interrupted with a corpse that contains plague. As cop Paul Douglas properly points out the guy died from two bullets in the chest. That's not the issue here the two of them become unwilling partners in an effort to find the killers and anyone else exposed to the disease.<br /><br />As was pointed out by any number of people for some reason director Elia Kazan did not bother to cast the small parts with anyone that sounds like they're from Louisiana. Having been to New Orleans where the story takes place I can personally attest to that. Richard Widmark and his wife Barbara Bel Geddes can be excused because as a Navy doctor he could be assigned there but for those that are natives it doesn't work.<br /><br />But with plague out there and the news being kept a secret the New Orleans PD starts a dragnet of the city's underworld. The dead guy came off a ship from Europe and he had underworld connections. A New Orleans wise guy played by Jack Palance jumps to a whole bunch of erroneous conclusions and starts harassing a cousin of the dead guy who is starting to show plague symptoms. Palance got rave reviews in the first film where he received notice.<br /><br />Personally my favorite in this film is Zero Mostel. This happened right before Mostel was blacklisted and around that time he made a specialty of playing would be tough guys who are really toadies. He plays the same kind of role in the Humphrey Bogart film The Enforcer. Sadly I can kind of identify with Mostel in that last chase scene where he and Palance are being chased down by Widmark Douglas and half the New Orleans Police. Seeing the weight challenged Zero trying to keep up with Palance was something else because I'm kind of in Zero's league now in the heft department.<br /><br />Kazan kept the action going at a good clip there's very little down time in this film. If there was any less it would be an Indiana Jones film. Panic In The Streets won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay that year.<br /><br />Kazan also made good use of the New Orleans waterfront and the French Quarter. Some of the same kinds of shots are later used in On the Waterfront. In fact Panic In The Streets is about people not squealing when they really should in their own best interest. Very similar again to On the Waterfront.<br /><br />Panic In The Streets does everyone proud who was associated with it. Now why couldn't Elia Kazan get some decent New Orleans sounding people in the small roles.
critique2817 The most attractive factor that lies in this masterpiece of a film is not the beautiful lead actors. It isn't their outstanding acting and sizzling chemistry either.<br /><br />To me it is the mis-en-scene of the entire movie. The settings the lighting the props... all add to the mood for love between the main characters. A whiff of smoke from Chow's cigarette tells us his state of mind the ever-changing tight-fitting cheongsams of Lizhen reflects the constraints of decision-making the ruins of Angkor Wat ties in with the deteriorating relationship of the two leads.<br /><br />The excellent use of mis-en-scene gives the film just the right amount of feel needed to flesh out the complicated nature of the characters' relationship. The film leaves the audience fruitlessly yearning for more.
critique2818 An interesting animation about the fate of a giant tiger a sloth and a mammoth who saved a baby who was close to be killed by a group of tigers during the ice age. The morale of the film shows that good behavior with the others may bring benefits at the end. One of the tigers in the group got an order to finally capture the baby who was hardly saved by his mother when the tigers attacked her community. The baby was then rescued by the sloth and the mammoth but the tiger joined them with the objective of finally taken away the baby. They went through very troublesome paths with plenty of danger and at once the tiger was to fall down and saved by the mammoth. At the end the group of tigers tried to capture the baby but the mammoth helped incredibly by his tiger colleague was able to overcome this attack and to give the baby back to his father and the community to which he belongs.
critique2819 As I have said before in previous comments some programmes are there to be 'Light entertainment'. So I get somewhat frustrated when commentators seem to be expecting a program that will reveal the meaning of life you will not get that from Cleopatra 2525 and it does not presume to offer it. What you get is a girl who was frozen and is brought back to life some 500 years later and her adaptation to this new life is realistic. She does not settle in within 10 minutes as what happens with other time travelling adventures and neither is she the female equivalent of James Bond ready to take on all comers.Cleopatra is overawed by her new surroundings and frightened by some of the weaponry on display as most of us would be. However it is light entertainment the stories have a beginning a middle and an end in quick time and their are some surprisingly good moments of acting. The episode when there is a double of Cleopatra is particularly moving and Jennifer Sky I think gives one of the best performances of someone dying for a long long time and being a film and television buff I know what I am talking about. Finally to prove my sincerity I have purchased all but four of the episodes and I am entirely satisfied with my purchase. The only reason I do not have the complete set is because I purchased the other episodes before realising that there was one complete box set. Victoria Pratt and Gina Torres complete the trio creditably and for light entertainment Cleopatra 2525 certainly entertained me.
critique2820 This thriller has so many twists and turns it had me on the edge of my seat. I saw it on video some of the landscape at "the bluff" might have been a bit more spectacular on the big screen. Cast has Sandra Bullock Ben Chaplin (from "The Truth About Cats & Dogs") Michael Pitt (Henry Parker in "Dawson's Creek") and Ryan Gosling (???).
critique2821 Yes some plots are a bit hard to follow and The Bill does have a tendency to get violent but it is actually an engrossing show that I try not to miss. A vast majority of the episodes are very exciting and quite tense and the acting is fairly good though I do miss Roberta Taylor as Inspector Gina Gold and Todd Carty as Gabriel Kent. I will admit I prefer the older episodes to the newer episodes and it is a bit of a shame that the programme is now after the watershed as I found it easier to watch when it was at 8.00. Still why I like The Bill is because not only it is engrossing but the cliffhangers at the end do make the next episode unmissable. It is true though that it is more melodramatic than it was but I really like this programme as a programme that doesn't try to take itself too seriously. 8/10 Bethany Cox
critique2822 Years ago I found a "bargain bin" copy of this film for a buck or two. In so many ways this is quite fitting as when it was made back in 1933 it was truly a cheaply made film by the "poverty row" studio Majestic. However while the film is rather derivative it is STILL well worth watching and provides a few surprises.<br /><br />The story is very very familiar as in some Germanic town the people are upset because of some recent deaths that appear to be the work of vampires! Adding to this familiarity is Dwight Frye. He played Renfield in Dracula and here he is very very similar--though he plays a much more harmless weirdo. In this case he's obsessed with his pet bats and people begin to blame him for the deaths. The film does a good job of providing some "red herrings" (i.e. false leads) and while it doesn't take a genius to figure out Frye may not be responsible the WHO and WHY are intriguing and make it VERY different from the average horror film. In addition while the production had little money to speak of it still had some good actors of the day--Lionel Atwill and Melvin Douglas--and it also used Universal Studios sets at night (when they were done filming for the day). As a result the film looks pretty good overall though I also thought that as usual Fay Wray was terrible--thought it didn't noticeably detract from the film. I have seen her in more movies than most people on IMDb and I have come to notice that her characters have no depth--she always seems to be cast as the "screaming lady" and provides little new in each film.<br /><br />Overall for fans of old horror films this is excellent and worth seeing. For people who are NOT fans of the genre it's probably pretty skip-able.
critique2823 In the beginning of this film one of the commentators says that he was told that he has two strikes against him: he is black and male. But in addition to that he has a third strike: he's gay. "You're going to have to be stronger than you ever imagined" he is told. "Paris is Burning" is a documentary about gay black and Hispanic men who are tranvestites or transsexuals.<br /><br />The miracle of "Paris is Burning" is that director Jennie Livingston takes a subject that could have very easily become a freak show and allows the people in it their humanity. We learn their views of homosexuality men women their hopes their disappointments their dreams. Some of these dreams are so unattainable it's tragic. Many of the people are seriously in denial;<br /><br />This is not a film for everyone. There are shots in this movie of nude transsexuals. If you have a problem with homosexuality then this movie isn't for you. But if you do see this movie you'll realise "Paris is Burning" isn't really about men wearing women's clothes it's about a group of people who are routinely marginalised and put down by society at large and what they do to get a sense of community in their lives.<br /><br />I've watched this movie four times since it was released in 1991 because it says so many things: it's a commentary about materialism in our culture about gender roles about rich and poor people about the media and what it celebrates about fame and adulation. "Paris is Burning" is one of the most humane and one of the saddest movies I've ever seen.
critique2824 Kate Gulden played by one of the most nominated actresses of the last decade of this century and also one of the most talented actresses Meryl Streep(Out of Africa). She is wonderful is every part that she plays. The Yale graduate is the pride and joy of the American Cinema.<br /><br />Kate's health is deteriorating and her husband George role well developed by brilliant actor and also Oscar winner William Hurt (Smoke Kiss of the Spider Woman) has a hard time with the deteriorating health of his one true thing and seeks his daughter's help. The poor daughter Ellen Gulden RenÃƒÂ©e Zellweger (Jerry Maguire) has way too much expected of her. No breaks! The story takes a very realistic view on the illness of a parent. In this movie the only daughter has to put her life on hold to care for the needs of others. There is always one in every family who faces that kind of responsibility. Ellen is angry the beginning of the movie but as time passes she ends up understanding her mothers' life time dedication to her family. She even asks her mom: How do you do his every day in and out and nobody notices it? That is what women do a lot of what I call invisible work. Moreover we clean we fix we mend we stretch we celebrate we are the best friends we are confidants the mistress outreachers disciplinarians sensitive. Some of us like both women in this movie have the perfect education are the psychological pillar for the entire family and also do all that invisible work! That is Kate Ellen and many women in our society. Many of us have already gone through that stage of life when our parents age and died. I have been there. They just went too young. I have given my parents my thanks but I never understood them as well as when I had to play their roles and had to walk in their shoes. This movie mirrors the reality of life. Perhaps it is sad but that is how life is at times. George a Professor at Harvard is complicated person who appears to think that his work is more important than everybody else and has a very "master/servant" mentality toward the women in his life. He is not strong enough to cope. If you want to see good acting and the reality of life do not miss this movie. Favorite Scenes: The restaurant coming to Kate violins and all. The making of a table out of broken china. That I so symbolic! We are all broken vessels! Favorite Quotes: George: "It is only by going uphill that you realize that you are really going downhill." George "You have a Harvard education but where is your heart?" <br /><br />
critique2825 Claudine is a movie that is representation of the american system at it's worst. The welfare system was initially set up as a stepping stone for those families who needed that extra hand to get back on their feet.The movie showed an accurate portrayal of how the welfare system breaks down the family unit. In other words if the father or any male figure is in the lives of the women and children their financial support from the system would be jeopardized if not terminated. The struggles of the poor can be seen throughout the world. I would like to see a reproduction of this movie back in the stores for all to rent or buy for their library collection.
critique2826 I had heard news about this film from anime-legend Hayao Miyazaki and I SO wanted to see it. But I was lucky enough to the film online at YouTube; after watching the film I knew that it is another Miyazaki/Studio Ghibli classic.<br /><br />This film inspired by my favorite fairy-tale "The Little Mermaid" is about a 5-year-old boy named Sosuke and his relationship with a goldfish princess whom he named Ponyo who longs to become human and be with Sosuke. I won't give you anymore details you'll have to see the film for yourself. So overall one of the best animated movies ever made with plenty of fantasy adventure and humor...I loved it!
critique2827 Prussic gas a murderer donning a red clansman suit and hood wielding a white whip and the murders of college school girls at the hands of paid convicts enlisted by a mysterious mastermind who keeps his face hidden within an office containing aquariums of turtles and fish. The inspectors at Scotland Yard Higgins(IJoachim Fuchsberger)and his superior Sir John(Siegfried SchÃƒÂ¼renberg)certainly have their hands full with this case. It all seems to center around student Ann Portland(Uschi Glas) who when she turns 21 is to inherit a great deal of wealth. The girls who are targeted share a room with Ann but the reason for their murders remains a mystery SY's finest must figure out. The staff of the girls' dormitory all seem to be hiding something and certain members of the faculty are falling prey to the killer in the red monk robe disguise talented enough to precisely strangle the necks of those attacked with the whip. Two prisoners are commissioned by a mystery man to use the newly created toxic gas created by a scientist murdered at the beginning of the film during what was supposed to be a monetary exchange for his creation. It's a clever scheme where a driver Greaves(GÃƒÂ¼nter Meisner)meets the convicts(..who hide in a barrel)who are assisted by a corrupt prison guard. Taken blindfolded to the secret room of the mastermind he gives them orders on who to kill and how. Uncovering this operation is a top priority for Higgins and Sir John for it will lead them to the truth they seek in regards to the murders and why they are happening. Under suspicion are girls' dormitory headmistress her author brother a sweaty incredibly nervous chemistry teacher a snooping gardener and the Bannister. Some are red herrings until they are disposed of throwing the viewer for a loop each time until the real mastermind is discovered. The ending features multiple twists. <br /><br />Out of the Krimi films I've seen THE COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS is the closest to a giallo with it's colorful killer a convoluted plot yielding lots of surprises and potential suspects & sordid shenanigans between adults and the college girls at the dormitory. I think you can also see the influence of James Bond on this particular Krimi film with the villain mastermind's secret hideout with an alligator pit(..which isn't used) the fake bible/water pistol when opened fires the gas into the face of startled victims the Greaves' Royles Royce which has latches that cause flaps to darken the windows without revealing the passenger in the back seat and the peep holes used to spy on the girls in their rooms and while swimming. Many might consider Sir John a liability due to his bumbling buffoonish behavior and how he often undermines Higgins' abilities to get at the truth(..perhaps poking fun at know-it-all British inspectors who harm a case more than solve it)..I felt he was used as comedy relief particularly with his attempts at psychoanalyzing suspects and potential victims often misunderstanding what are told to him. Higgins using the skills adopted over his years as an investigator instead follows the clues/facts often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. Capable direction by the reliable Alfred Vohrer who keeps the pace humming at a nice speed and the screenplay is full of interesting characters and lurid content..the fact that so many of the adults surrounding the dormitory are suspect any of them might be the one wielding the whip or calling the shots behind those murdered girls' executions. I'd say this may be one of the best(..if not the best)examples of the Krimi genre for it keeps you guessing always one more ace up it's sleeve..the revelations unearthed at the very end are quite eye-opening(..and you even get a literal unmasking of the real mastermind pulling the strings to top it all off).
critique2828 Visually stunning and full of Eastern Philosophy this amazing martial arts fantasy is brought to you by master director Tsui Hark the man behind some of the best films Hong Kong cinema has produced. The special effects are beautiful and imaginative. The plot is a bit on the cerebral side but is a refreshing change from films that treat their audience as if they were morons. If thinking is not your forte however this may not be your movie. Maybe you should go see the latest from the Hollywood studio's no brain club but if you are looking for something more he's where you will find it.
critique2829 Lorna Green(Janine Reynaud)is a performance artist for wealthy intellectuals at a local club. She falls prey to her fantasies as the promise of romantic interludes turn into murder as she kills those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It's quite possible that through a form of hypnotic suggestion someone(..a possible task master pulling her strings like a puppet)is guiding Lorna into killing those she comes across in secluded places just when it appears that love-making is about to begin. After the murders within her fantasies are committed Lorna awakens bewildered often clueless as to if what she was privy to within her dreams ever took place in reality.<br /><br />If someone asked me how to describe this particular work from Franco I'd say it's elegant & difficult. By now you've probably read other user comments befuddled by what this film is about since a large portion of it takes place within the surreal atmosphere of a dream. Franco mentioned in an interview that he was heavily influenced by Godard early in his career as far as film-making style and so deciding to abandon a clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create a whole different type of viewing experience. And as you read from the reaction of the user comments here..some like this decision others find the style labouring dull and bewildering. I'll be the first to admit that the film is over my head but even Franco himself when quizzed by critics who watched "Succubus" admitted that he didn't even understand the film and he directed it! Some might say that "Succubus" was merely a precursor to his more admired work "Venus in Furs" considered his masterwork by Franco-faithful because it also adopts the surreal dreamlike structure where the protagonist doesn't truly know whether he/she is experiencing something real or imagined. In a sense like the protagonist we are experiencing the same type of confusion..certainly "Succubus" is unconventional film-making where we aren't given the keys to what is exactly going on. And a great deal of the elusive dialogue doesn't help matters. "Succubus" is also populated by beatnik types and "poet-speak" Corman's film "A Bucket of Blood" poked fun at. My personal favorite scene teases at a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and a woman she meets at a posh party..quite a bizarre fantasy sequence where mannequins are used rather unusually. Great locations and jazz score..I liked this film myself although I can understand why it does receive a negative reaction. Loved that one scene at the posh party with Lorna a wee bit drunk writhing on the floor in a gorgeous evening gown as others attending the shindig(..equally wasted)rush her in an embrace of kisses.
critique2830 Shocking well-made chiller is an undervalued tale of atrocious murder and evil forces.<br /><br />Small town doctor tries to discover who or what is committing a series of violent sexual murders.<br /><br />Incubus is a tight mystery with some horrific murder sequences that builds to an off-beat and eerie climatic twist. The murder scenes are intense and gory so this isn't a film for the squeamish! The direction of John Hough along with a bizarre music score combine to create a dark atmosphere of dread that runs through out the film. It also carries a kind of Gothic vibe as well. Nice filming locations and some stylish camera work also highlight.<br /><br />The cast isn't bad either. The great John Cassavetes does a solid performance as the new doctor in town. Also good are the performances of Kerrie Keane as the local reporter Helen Hughes as the town historian and Duncan McIntosh as a tormented psychic teen.<br /><br />All around Incubus is a forgotten horror film that needs to be re-discovered and re-evaluated.<br /><br />*** out of ****
critique2831 I've read reviews of Kerching on IMDb and franklyI've not seen one positive review until now. I actually like Kerching. Kerching is about a teenage boy named Taj Lewis in order to make Ã‚Â£1000000 for his mother he sets up a website called rudeboy. The website offers a lot of interesting things if only Taj and his 2 friends - Danny and Seymour can stop Taj from getting exposed. I find this show quite funny and I enjoy watching it. The acting is O.K. but it can definitely be better the characters are funny especially Danny Spooner Taj's friend  his stupidity is what makes him funny. and Taj's other friend Seymour. Also Carlton the owner of the cafÃƒÂ©'e called "The Chill." We never see him we only hear him. Taj's younger brother Omar and his older sister Missy is funny too. And Missy's best friend Kareesha. So many times Taj's has almost got exposed almost. As well as the comedy the drama in Kerching such as love life and the loss of loved ones makes this programme great.
critique2832 In the Line of Fire is one of the best thrillers I have seen it builds and builds to a great climax. This film really draws you in your heart is beating and you are out of breath from the action. The cast turns in strong peformances particularly Clint Eastwood and John Malkovich. This film is expertly directed by suspense master Wolfgang Petersen. Thrillers don't get much better thn this don't miss it.
critique2833 I saw this movie with my friend and we couldnt stop laughing! i mean there was nothing scary about this movie! It was funny all the lines Freddy said were hilarious! I think they shoudln't have even made a new nightmare and just gone to Freddy Vs. jason. Although some parts were gross (like the head blowing up). and any elm street film from 1- 5 sucked. this was the best besides Number 1. I wouldnt recomend this movie if you want a good horror. But if you have nothing else to do rent this and you'll laugh alot.I want to see the texas chainsaw massacre I think it would be scary. Freddy's Dead The Final Nightmare overall grade: B-
critique2834 This is a good film for die-hard Chucky fans. Okay I'm sure it's not as good as what the Child's Play movie were like but this can get really funny and enjoyable Chucky's laughs are hilarious.<br /><br />(SPOILERS)<br /><br />Now not one doll but two meaning double the impact Jennifer Tilly played the part really well and definitely pulled off the best kill of the movie.<br /><br />If you have seen the Child's Play movies this would be a worthy film on your Chucky collection but if you've never seen the Child's play movies before this'll will be a new start. Of course you'll not have a clue on how Chucky got into his current state (cause I'm not telling you) but you'll figure out why Chucky is very popular.<br /><br />Overall a very enjoyable movie.
critique2835 Simply put Paul Bettany and Jennifer Connelly were remarkable. The movie is less about the raw science of Darwin's beliefs and holds the focus very strongly on his relationship with his family primarily his wife Emma and daughter Annie.<br /><br />Toby Jones gives a wonderful turn as Thomas Huxley the great defender of Darwin's beliefs and the rest of the cast is up to the task of sharing screen time with Bettany and Connelly.<br /><br />But it is those two who carry the movie. Their real chemistry is apparent from beginning to end but develops transcendence as Darwin grapples with his demons. The scene where Darwin relates the ending of the story of Jenny the orangutan to his dying daughter Annie is utterly gripping. The world premiere audience at the TIFF was spellbound. Bettany's performance will be recognized as one of the year's best in short order. Equally magnificent is Connelly's work playing the religious wife of a man who in Huxley's words "killed God".<br /><br />The film moves slowly through the entire spectrum of Darwin's grief relishing every detail of Bettany and Connelly's acting.<br /><br />Brilliant.
critique2836 This is a 1972 Disney movie. For the time I was eleven years old and I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. Feeling nostalgic I purchased the three series DVD's of the Dexter Riley movies and even now at age 46 I still enjoyed them. It was all about fantasy magic and clean fun. And it still is! I wasn't sure which of the three movies came first then second and last. So now I have the official dates. On December 31 1969 The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes--On July 12 1972 Now You See Him Now You Don't--On February 6 1975 The Strongest Man In The World. I still think the middle movie was the best. The special effects were amazing back in 1972 to us kids. I definitely recommend it to all ages.
critique2837 This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I feel greatly touched by the theme the movie intends to convey. One sentence that keeps coming up on my mind is that "history repeats itself". Life is what it is shown in the movie: when people are young they seem not to understand their parents their own spouses; people have every excuse for not sharing the dearest time with their children until too late; people always have to work hard to support the whole family but are just liable to neglect the subtle feeling of their partners; people always change their perspectives at different stages of their lives; people can always be forgiven if their heart is full of love for their beloved; nothing is more important than the blood relation people share in this world and one is never too late to talk with their folks about what they feel at the bottom of their heart so as to achieve a better understanding between themselves so that when life has to end some day people should not feel sorry or regretful since they have kept their words and there is always hope ---a new life. The actors and actresses are fantastic. They have understood the director's intention perfectly. The movie's charm lies in to me the effect of bringing a skillful and splendid fusion of cheers and tears to the audience.
critique2838 I can safely admit (as an IMDb geek) that 'Phantom Lady' will never crack into my film noir top twenty. It may not even sneak into the top fifty. But rather than discredit the film for not being as good as so many other classics of the film noir genre it should be noted that 'Phantom Lady' has enough strong and lasting images in it to make it a worthwhile viewing. All that is required from the viewer is the ability to get beyond the dreadfully slow beginning.<br /><br />The film doesn't get cooking until 'Kansas' (Ella Raines) sets about trying to prove all but single handedly the innocence of her boss Scott Anderson (Alan Curtis) who has been convicted of murder. 'Kansas' is Anderson's secretary by day and amateur detective by night. As the novice sleuth she does quite well for herself while working the streets of New York at night. Little by little she starts putting pieces of a murder mystery puzzle together. To be honest the film belongs to Raines and it is only due to her presence that the film works well at all. Somehow she is able to breathe life into a film about a condemned man who is not interesting in the slightest. I'm not sure if this splintered dynamic of a characterless leading man becomes the fault of the actor or the director but clearly this is where something becomes terribly wrong with the film.<br /><br />As interesting as Raines is as a novice detective things really accelerate into another hidden gear when 'Kansas' pays a late night visit to a wandering drummer (Elisha Cook Jr.) in search of some information to help her condemned boss. She and the drummer paint the town a new kind of red while visiting the "all night" jazz clubs. Trying to describe this scene will either prove an injustice to the scene or worse yet it could ruin the scene all together. You'll know the scene once the last cymbal crash has finished ringing out. If you're lucky enough to have this film on DVD you'll more than likely be rewinding this scene again and again. As good as Raines is it is this scene that makes this film noteworthy. It is mainly because of this scene that I rate 'Phantom Lady' a 7 instead of a 6.<br /><br />For the most part this film comes off as tepid and bland with a few great scenes and one magnificent scene. It is the 'drum/sex scene' that separates this film from any others of the same ilk.<br /><br />And just like it is said in the film that "you never go wrong with Vanilla" I would also like to add that "going with Vanilla" is the safe fall back choice when one can't decide on having a tastier treat.<br /><br />7/10. Clark Richards
critique2839 Made the same year as the first Lumiere films this is a much more dramatic short than the brothers attempted until the following year's 'Niagara'. The surviving print is very rough but this only adds to the Turneresque visual violence as huge surges of water dash against a stolid pier and seem ready to engulf the camera the viewer.<br /><br />If you watch a number of these early shorts in chronological order and try to get into the mindset of the times there is a further shock in that unlike the single frame set-ups of the Lumieres this film features an edit which for me at any rate was as slashing as the razor blade in 'Un Chien Andoulu).<br /><br />Unlike the mono-vision of the Lumieres' films Paul opens up the possibility of multiple perspectives freeing the viewer from the power of nature eluding its grasp in a way the Lumieres never could. The second shot features a similar gush to that of Niagara but is less frightening because by way of the edit we have sidestepped the danger. In a film like 'L'Arroseur Arrosse' or 'Repas du bebe' nature stands indifferent and powerful uncontainable by the camera. Basic film grammar puts an end to its supremacy.
critique2840 I enjoyed this movie and I had very low expectation due to all the negative reviews I read before going. I went because I was curious as to what all this fuss was about because some of the postings were so angry with this movie and with the Koreans. Oh and it's from Korea which has put out some of my favorite movies. I liked Host but not my absolute favorite. Some of my favorite sci-fi /fantasy movies so you can have a sense of my taste: Mirrormask Stardust Serenity Gattaca Willow Matrix Resident Evil series LOTR Stargate Dark City.<br /><br />It wasn't confusing like everyone said and the monsters looked good and the battles great. There are some holes in the story but didn't really matter. I sort of tune out stuff like that and stopped asking why long time ago when I see summer blockbusters. The Korean legend was interesting the reincarnation stuff was different and I thought the main characters suspiciously dressed like Korean actors in other shows. Ethan's(Behr)hair looked so Asian.<br /><br />Yes it could be better and I hope in the future that Korea with its unusual quirky sense of life intense emotions and unexpected humor can bring some diversity to the blockbuster genre. Maybe a combination of Host and Dragon Wars in the future?
critique2841 Hidden Frontiers-is more than fan fiction- it is well thought out and organized series keeping the worlds of Star Trek alive and growing. From a fun little fan project to now a well known net series; Hidden Frontiers has a bit of something for every star trek fan in it. Set in the Late Star Trek: Next Generation/DS9 and Voyager time lines Hidden Frontier takes on topics and issues raised in other Star Trek series with set stories using a well developed characters plots and story arcs. Star Trek Hidden Frontier has taken on social context stories that Gene Roddenberry failed to bring to the screen and has shown the development of characters in long term space assignments - the real things that happen in close quarters as well as an exciting spatial wars and conflicts Sci-Fi addicts know and love. Done in a "Green Screen" studio; Hidden Frontiers brings a rollicking cast of regulars on to the screen and into your hearts. The large ensemble cast of actors plays well together and lovingly gives their time and energy to the project. Inventive use of green screen technology props makes up and costumes work to make the Hidden Frontier worlds of Star Trek fun and believable. Hidden Frontier has gone where few tread to go in the world of science fiction and thrived once they got there. Hidden Frontier offers a wonderful bonus feature of a well thought out website with interesting discussion forums access to creative production and acting staff and a fun weekly chat. I highly recommend taking the time to down load and watch.
critique2842 Twisted bizarre enchanting and hilarious! I couldn't stop laughing watching this film. Darren Stein presents the movies he made on the family camcorder growing up in Southern California in the 1980's. It's an interesting look at a budding filmmaker and his motivations and ability to manipulate for the camera. Manipulation is a strong word however don't we all watch movies to be manipulated in some way or another? <br /><br />From the beginning I was amused at the fact that the boys in the films seemed to appear shirtless whenever possible. Later Darren comments about his budding homosexuality and you can see it from the hints (big hints!) of flamboyance at an early age. Maybe it was just the warm Southern California weather who knows? As a gay man who also grew up in a nurturing environment it's great to see that his parents supported and loved him and that his friends seemed to be entranced with his nascent talent behind the lens.<br /><br />"Put the Camera On Me" offers a look back to the 80's untouched by commercialism. You'll remember the hair the music and the fashions. I'm the same age as Mr. Stein so the trip back to memory lane was welcome. His solo lip-syncing dance number is priceless enhanced by the Frankie Goes To Hollywood t-shirt.<br /><br />The films deal with dark themes at time. Child abuse the Holocaust nuclear war sexual fantasy and social dysfunction. No childhood is completely carefree and the way Stein deals with these subjects is interesting to say the least and hilarious to behold.<br /><br />Watch at your earliest convenience!
critique2843 Now I've always been a fan of Full Moon's puppet work. But I have to say that Robot Jox is one of there better projects. Yes you heard me. The story works wonderful the atmosphere really works and the actors do a first rate job. Gary Graham who really makes his mark on TV in shows like ALIEN NATION THE SERIES and STAR TREK ENTERPRISE shows that he can be an action star who kicks ass and takes name. The stop motion effects could have been a tiny bit better. The color was wrong they look plastic to me instead of the metal they were suppose to be. But that is a minor complaint compared to the whole that is the Robot Jox if you like Gary Graham or other Full Moon movies then you will like this movie. 9 STARS OUT OF 10.
critique2844 Yeahit's low budget. Yeahit's one of Candy's earliest films but it is maybe his funniest! John Candy was not so far removed from his SCTV days in "Going Berserk" and it shows. If you don't crack up when Candy tries to help a guy with his groceries while being hand-cuffed to an escaped cohort in the process of having sex with his girlfriend with only the apartment door separating them (huh? see the movie!) or the way Euguene Levy (the creator of Kong Fu Yu) is talking to his mom on the phone or just the countless number of facial expressions that only Candy could deliver you better check your pulse! If you like the John Candy of "Only the Lonely" this is may not be a movie I would advise you to see but if you enjoy the SCTV days of John Candy this movie is a must see!
critique2845 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique2846 This is probably the best television show I've ever seen. I first saw it on Comedy Central several years ago. At the time I was unaware that it had been dramatically edited and was shown out of order and having just watched all three series in order and unedited (thank you internet and your wondrous "series of tubes") I am SO GLAD I rediscovered it! I think Comedy Central sort of picked and chose their way through series one and two to make a "season"......and I tried to get friends and family to watch it but nobody really seemed to like it (I need new friends). So on my own I made the best out of it that I could. Even when I felt like it was waning a bit I still felt compelled to continue watching. Years after when I discovered Little Britain I immediately recognized Pauline from LoG as having influenced Marjorie in Fat Fighters. Also I love the idea of writers who act the entire show....(not new but done impeccably here). LB has nothing on LoG! (No offense Matt & David....Love you)! This is indeed a darkly comedic piece of genius. Serial murder implied cannibalism.....you name it and it's probably found in this wonderful unique piece of TV art. The location shots from the very first scene themselves are chilling and seem to beckon you to the town of Royston Vasey.....You'll Never Leave! I think my favorite character would have to be Tubbs but each character as portrayed has it's own "charm". My least favorite was Papa Lazarous that was until he re-surfaced in series three (clever and wholly unexpected)! It's best to watch several episodes in a row as it drives the continuity and as I said before becomes so compelling (while repulsing) that you really CAN'T stop watching. This is not for those with weak stomachs kids conservatives or Grandma (unless you've got one saucy granny)! I have always loved British TV particularly comedies from Monty Python to Benny Hill Red Dwarf to Keeping Up Appearances Absolutely Fabulous and the British originals Coupling and The Office (but not their US counterparts....sorry). This is unlike any of those in that it completely redraws the line between what's funny and what's just sick and twisted. Nothing NOTHING on US TV has ever come close to this level of entertainment. US broadcast TV is so sad and lame I can barely stand to watch ANY of it. It's kind of sad that even our cable channels don't have the guts to show unedited versions of this gem (your loss Comedy Central). Thankfully there are shows like this one that come from the "across the pond" that redeem the entire medium every decade or so. Basic cable here in the US has been making tiny steps the last few years in confidently "crossing lines" with more graphic sexual content drug use and adult language but they are still years away from just deciding to be Adults about showing real life adult behavior (instead of just murder obsession and blowing things up sheesh it's like the same basic show format for the past 35 years)! Don't even get me started on US sitcoms! Waste of time and lots of wasted money......did you know that "According to Jim" has been on the air for 10 years??? 10 YEARS?? Anyway... Watch this show get it on DVD do what you must and then make your friends watch it as well! You've never seen anything like it. There are three specials that I have not watched yet....I'm saving them to spring on my best friend next time he visits. He'll watch them even if I have to chain him up and paint him with Excrement! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Note that series three departs from one and two....the greater town seems to fall away to concentrate on newer characters the laugh track is gone (thank bloody hell) the theme is more band and less orchestra and a bit of the story takes place outside of Royston Vasey. Don't be thrown by any of that as by the end the series has preserved the quiet perversity first demonstrated in series one and two. I think these four guys have created something sort of undefinable. Brilliant confident and absolutely demented. You will want to re-watch it again and again. It's amazing that in 5 seconds of screen time they can go from cheap sight-gag to horrifying blasphemy then end with a single actors close-up facial expression. If ever I were to meet any of the writer/performers I'd implore them not to recreate it or try to top it.....I'd just say "Can I help you at all?" (Then they'd probably slap me so I'd ask them to sign the slap-mark)! 10 out of 10
critique2847 I haven't written a review on here in ages but rewatching all of bottom TV show live shows and this I felt I had to make my views on this movie known! It is I feel the perfect comedy movie. It lacks the lovey dovey story lines(I wouldn't really call richies enfatuation with Gina Carbonara love would you? Or him and eddie going up there naked... not love) that make the rest of comedys go from good to crap it lacks the usual dilemmas that one must overcome in most other comedy movies... unless you count the fact that they poisoned the guests and must escape from the guests green vomit as a dilemma thats similar to other comedy movies..... No this movie just sets out and succeeds in doing one thing AND ONE thing only: Making one laugh. What does one require from comedy movies? Laughter. This movie just piles on laugh after laugh without stuffing up the laughs with serious crap like other comedy movies! Thus I call it the so far only perfect comedy movie ever made and I will never ever stop watching this beautiful movie! I appluad rick and ade on such fantastic genius!
critique2848 What happened to Ava Gardner in the 1940s and Marilyn Monroe in the '50s also seemed to take place for modern-day actress Michelle Pfeiffer in the '80s: Her remarkable good looks got in the way of her being taken seriously as an accomplished superbly talented actress. Anyone looking for validation of Pfeiffer's dramatic abilities need look no further than her work in 1991's "Frankie and Johnny" or '92's "Love Field" (a personal favorite of mine); those looking to see what a splendid comedic actress she can be when given the right part should check out 1988's "Married to the Mob." In this one she plays Angela Demarco the widow of a recently "iced" Mob hit-man who moves from her garishly tacky Long Island home to start a new life for herself and her son while being pursued by Mob boss Dean Stockwell and FBI man Matthew Modine. While this movie has lots going for it (a very amusing script; offbeat characters; sudden sharp turns to unexpected violence as in director Jonathan Demme's previous effort "Something Wild"; and hilarious yet menacing performances by Stockwell and Mercedes Ruehl as his jealous wife from hell) Michelle steals the show easily. Notice how perfectly she nails Angela's undereducated Long Island Italian accent and the many fine mannerisms that she brings to the role to really flesh out this spunky and surprisingly bright character. Once upon a time long ago Oscars were handed out to actresses for comedic roles such as this one. Had this film been made 60 years ago Michelle mighta been a contenduh...
critique2849 This film is one of my fondest childhood memories. Seeing the Muppets (at the height of their popularity) heading Hollywood singing and dancing with Miss Piggy googely-eying her beloved Kermit Fozzie Bear doing his best as everyone's manager and a generous cast of "extras" delivering a film that turned out to be "okey dokey".<br /><br />Kermit's melancholy ukulele number "Rainbow Connection" was nominated for an Oscar that year but was beat out by Norma Rae's "It Goes Like It Goes". I'll pick Kermit's song any day! Get the kids and enjoy this timeless fantasy...someday they'll find it the rainbow connections the lovers the dreamers and me!
critique2850 When I saw this movie in the theater when it came out in 1995 via a free advanced screening I was totally enchanted and would have gladly paid to see it. I was sorry when I talked to many people afterwards who had also seen it and who were totally disappointed with it and how it ended. I on the other hand felt completely the opposite. I was totally satisfied with the outcome and everything else. People I talked to said there was too much talking! Plus they were unhappy because they felt that the ending left you wondering about the fate of the two characters. I found these observations to be absurd and to also be painful evidence of how the majority of the American movie-going public seems to have a tendency to want easy-to-follow stories in films with not too much complex and intelligent dialogue lest they get confused. They also like to be spoon-fed tidy endings--happy OR sad. This disgusts me. Nobody wants to be challenged anymore??? And as for the ending (and I don't want to be a spoiler) I am totally content because I know in my heart that these two characters WILL see each other again. It's all about your own personal faith in romance and destiny. It's a very personal film that doesn't speak to all people. But it certainly spoke to me. Give it a chance! Be patient with it! Richard Linklater has crafted a very lovely film with a beautiful story set against the beautiful background of the city of Vienna. Watching it makes you feel as if you yourself are strolling through the city streets along with the characters. As if you yourself were tripping through Europe on a Eurail pass. It's very intimate. Plus Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy do an exquisite job of bringing the complex script to life. They must have improvised during some parts and it works well. They have a great chemistry in their roles. Their awkwardness as strangers getting to know each other in the beginning is very believable and you can truly feel the romance and bonding develop between them as the movie progresses. I get the feeling that this was a very personal work for Mr. Linklater and I deeply respect him for getting this film made. It definitely touched me and I hope it touches others just as much. Bravo for romance!!!
critique2851 There have been several books that have cited this as the earliest gay cinema. I don't really see this as all that gay in the homosexual sense but then seeing two men dancing in what has to be the worlds first movie musical does have its attraction. <br /><br />There have been several earlier comments about this film dismissing any homosexual overtones. As to those that are quick to dismiss this film as just being silly and an experiment done late at night after too many drinks... Well I've heard that story before. <br /><br />This film is of interest as an oddity and if folks want to consider it the first gay film so be it. Better this than the depressing 1919 Anders als die Andern.
critique2852 I have no idea how to describe this movie and also would love to provide others the same opportunity I had - seeing it with no prior knowledge of what to expect. I enjoyed it immensely but can also say I barely understood what was going on if in fact there was anything to understand in the first place. Fans of David Lynch (tangentially) or especially Guy Maddin films should particularly enjoy this and any fans of the comic book EIGHTBALL will probably be beside themselves with joy and wonder (it came as close as any film I've seen to the tone and mood Dan Clowes creates so effectively).<br /><br />One slight note just to warn anyone easily offended - this movie if rated would be NC-17 for sure. Fans of male full-frontal nudity however...hmm well...yes. This is weird wild stuff.
critique2853 The reason I am reviewing this is that the previous review was written by someone who walked out of this film not even half way through. Unfortunately for him he missed out on a film of tremendous beauty. Agreed the film was very slow to start in fact the friend I was with fell asleep brieflyI woke him before his snoring disturbed the rest of the audience. Thankfully the film developed from there into a story of love drugs and what it was like to be young and free in the experimental 60s. Fantastic performances from the two leads and a great look to the film that gave it a real authentic feel. Be patient like many great films its well worth the wait and is certainly a film that I will look forward to revisiting! 8/10
critique2854 This is Burt Reynolds'"Citizen Kane".Tragically nothing else he was ever involved in came close to approaching "Sharkey's Machine".It seemed to me that he put everything he had into it.It is a movie that is in love with movies.The opening sequence where Detective Sharkey single-handedly rescues a bus-load of hostages is an immensely exciting piece of cinema. Everything moves so quickly once it has started to go wrong that it appears to take on a life of its owna brilliantly achieved effect. It looks coldtense and dangerous on Mr Reynolds' streets. The precinct house looks dirty and tiredfull of desperate people on both sides of the lawshoutingcursing outtrying to do deals or just stay alive.Into this underworld descends the recently demoted Sharkey - a reward for a bungled drugs bust(caused by a corrupt cop) - he and his team are part of the vice squad.Information they pick up concerning a crooked politician leads them into the world of high-class call girls and ruthless drug barons. Watching the apartment of one such call-girl(Rachel Ward)Sharkey falls in love with her portrait on the wall(I knowI know)and when a woman's body is found with its face shot off in one of the roomshe thinks its her.(WellI did say it was a movie that loved movies). The scene where she walks in on him works beautifullyeven if you have seen the original. The film is full of good touchesI particularly like Charles Durning's war storysubtly acted and shot in sharp contrast to Sharkey's abduction and torture which is suitably harsh and brutal. I must mention Vittorio Gassman and Henry Silva as two disparate but equally evil brothers with absolutely no redeeming features whatsoever. They are "full on" every time they're on screen and are no loss to society when their time comesMr Silva's end being extra special indeed. As has been mentionthis is a Clint Eastwood movie that Clint never made.The biggest compliment I can pay "Sharkey's Machine" is to point out that in my opinion Clint Eastwood couldn't have made a better job of it. The soundtrack is of an equally high standardfeaturing Sarah VaughanJoe WilliamsJulie LondonChet Baker and other top class artists. Randy Crawford's "Street Life" plays behind the title sequenceand I can never hear it without in my mind's eyeseeing Sharkey striding along the sidewalk. Like other correspondents I have never understood why this film was a bit of a flop.I hope it is due for a critical revisionparticularly at a time when so many cop movies and shows without a quarter of its energy  freshness and sheer joie de vivre are lauded from the rooftops. If you're ever tempted to think of Burt Reynolds as a burnt - out one - trick ponyput "Sharkey's Machine" in your video machine.I promise you won't be disappointed.
critique2855 With all due respect to Joel Fabiani and Rosemary Nicolls and their characters Department S will be forever associated with Peter Wyngarde's Jason King.<br /><br />Most people remember him as this camp flamboyant and debonair womaniser cum detective in the mould of Austin Powers but that will do a disservice to the character: He's far more nuanced than that.<br /><br />Jason King is lazy (he often lets Stewart fight all the bad guys and only chips in at the end) he is egotistical (his appreciation of people is based on whether they've read his novels or not) a lot of his detective work is speculation without facts to back them up and he sulks whenever Annabelle is right...and she often is. He's clearly a man having a mid-life crisis and drink drives but.......Jason King is brilliant. If Wyngarde had played him purely as a dashing hero it wouldn't have worked but he shows King often as a paper tiger led by his libido love of finery and prone to grandstanding (and it gets in the way of his detective work at times) but he has some of the best lines and put downs in TV history. And by not playing him as whiter-than-white the chemistry and interactions between the three lead characters is all the better for it.<br /><br />Watching it again on DVD recently you get to see just how much depth Wyngarde put into Jason King.
critique2856 This movie has it all action fighting dancing bull riding music pretty girls. This movie is an authenic look at middle America. Believe me I was there in 1980. Lots of oil money lots of women and lots of honky tonks. Too bad they are all gone now. The movie is essentially just another boy meets girl boy loses girl boy gets girl back but it is redeemed by the actors and the music. There is absolutely no movie with any better music that this movie and that includes American Graffiti. It is a movie I watch over and over again and never get tired of it. Every time I watch it I am young again and it is time to go out honky tonking. The only reason I only gave it a 9 is because you cannot rate a movie zero I do not feel you should rate one 10.
critique2857 During the final throes of the Vitnam war our central character Capt. Willard (Martin Sheen) is dispatched by the CIA on an illegal one-man mission to assassinate a renegade US Marine commander Colonel Kurtz (Marlon Brando) who has allegedly gone 'completely insane' but who is successfully waging a private cross-border war from his base in Cambodia a neutral and therefore off-limits country.<br /><br />The entire narrated story of what Willard sees and does as he is ferried up the Da Nang river by an undisciplined and terrorised navy patrol boat crew to murder Kurtz is a grand metaphor for the excesses decadence and ultimately the weakness of the Anglo-Saxon psyche: If we don't understand something and we are unable to control it exterminate it. Kurtz had eventually come to know this.<br /><br />Unless you pay complete attention to every emotional gesture to every word of the dialogue between the protagonists especially in the scene where the two of them are alone in Kurtz's darkened lair you will miss one of the central themes of this incredible movie. Kurtz's subtle deal with his executioner his unilateral 'surrender' in return for Willard agreeing (did he nod?) to tell Kurtz's 'son' (another metaphor for us the next generation the ones watching the movie) the truth about all the horrors that they had both seen in Vietnam is mind-expanding stuff.The bonding between the two men whilst Kurtz cross-examines Willard--interlaced with some of his own horror stories is incredible nay genius film. The closing (intercut)scene of the ritual slaughter of a sacrificial bull is the single most powerful of symbols. Coppolla has made intentionally or not the ultimate anti-war statement one that should resonate through the ages.
critique2858 Mr Bean was great fun i loved it every episode was really funny Rowan Atkinson was perfect for this role he's a funny looking bloke and his facial expressions were hilarious!!! <br /><br />The series was so successful that they even made a Mr Bean movie in 1997 which was also pretty funny by the way!! <br /><br />It's funny seeing all the adventures and situations he gets himself into this series was a classic for sure and i still watch an episode from time to time.<br /><br />Mr Bean is well worth a 10/10 in my book fans of offbeat comedy must check this out.
critique2859 Two Soldiers is an excellent example of fine film-making. The director and producer took a heart-warming story and brought it to life with a very skilled and dedicated cast excellent cinematography and very creative artistry.<br /><br />The relaxed back-woods lifestyle of the brothers was depicted with great details and contrasted sharply with the militaristic lifestyle that they were thrust into. The interaction between the brothers brought laughter and tears as they struggled with a hard but peaceful life in the back-woods of North Carolina and an even harder life of war.<br /><br />The acting was great particularly from the younger brother who is new to the big screen (played by Jonathan Furr) to the older brother (played by Ben Allison) and the powerful perfomrance by the Colonel (played by Ron Perlman). The performance was extremely well cast.<br /><br />It was a pleasure to enjoy the magic of Two Soldiers and I heartily recommend it to audiences of all ages.
critique2860 We watched this in my Women's Health Issues class to point out how women are treated inferior to men in many societies and I absolutely loved this movie. I plan on trying to get a copy of it myself to watch. The story is very touching and I would recommend it to anyone. I am a fan of different cultures and this movie was just what I needed. This is a movie for the whole family despite its rating. This is a movie I will show to my children. The professor of our class meant for the movie to primarily be a too to educate about women but this movie was more than that. It is one of those movies that will forever stick out in my mind and will be a favorite.
critique2861 This movie is my families favorite Christmas movie because it is a beautiful picture of what Christmas is really all about. These days living in a big city which I hate I love to watch movies about the life I've always dreamed of having. The town that this movie is set in is my dream come true for the life I've always wanted and the true feeling of community that has been lost in todays society. I truly don't feel the true spirit of Christmas anymore but watching this movie helps to find that feeling again. My family taped this movie long ago of TV and now our copy has been worn out so I would really like to buy a few copies on DVD for my family and me if anyone can tell me where I can buy some copies please just post the info here and I will keep checking. Thanks.
critique2862 It's hard for me to criticize anything that Mitzi Kapture does. She just radiates beauty and grace on the screen and is a phenomenal actress. That notwithstanding yes the plot was predictable. I think perhaps if Jill HAD slept with Richard then it may have made him a little crazier than he already was which would have added more to the suspense. It would have also been nice to see Jill and her husband find out about Richard's little problem with his ex-wife maybe a bit more back story. I was a little disappointed with the ending of the movie. I would have liked to have seen more closure with Zack's death and possibly closure with her husband. I do have to say though I will never be able to look at a flare gun and not picture her standing there. It was a very fitting end for Richard. Of course Mitzi ROCKED! I am so looking forward to her future projects.
critique2863 Having been brought up in Phenix City as a child I recognize many of the local people in the movie so for me it's like a trip down memory lane to see "The Phenix City Story" again. As a matter of fact my granduncle is in it in one of the very first scenes. Uncle Drew's the one in the Hawaiian shirt who scoots his chair out to get a better look at the singer/stripper.<br /><br />Unless you've been there like Mr. Page and I both have you couldn't possibly understand the story it tells. The reviewer from New York calls John Patterson racist most likely without ever having had an encounter with Mr. Patterson or his father. And what is your point in bringing up Mr. Patterson's employment now? It has nothing to do with the film that you're supposedly reviewing. How in the world can you sit back and judge either them or this film when you've probably gone no further yourself than the south Bronx? It's been my experience that people who do that are simply attempting to feel morally superior to the folks portrayed in the movie. By most accounts of the time both Mr. Pattersons were basically good and decent men. Their families were respectable people as were most of the people who lived in Phenix City.<br /><br />By the way why is so hard for those who live outside of the south to believe that there are good and decent people even in small towns in Alabama? And why do they assume that everyone living in a small southern town is a racist? My parents lived there and yet they didn't tolerate it in our household. Others didn't tolerate it either but the myth that everyone in the south is racist lives on through the willful ignorance of others.<br /><br />The movie itself is simple and direct. It isn't the whole story --- Hollywood added a certain sensationalism when the film was made. Parts of it were absolutely on target. Other parts of it bordered on fairy tales. And if it's the source that anyone uses to decide how folks in small southern towns are they need to get a grip and understand what most of us do --- it's ONLY a movie.
critique2864 I don't watch soaps. My grandmother still watches that one with the hour glass. I made fun of them it when I was ten (it was so easy).<br /><br />But this movie takes parody and spells it a new way. I found the story pretty damn funny. The fashions of the 80's - shoulder pads sequins and polyester - just top it off. The huge hair the high heels and the histrionics - what a combination.<br /><br />And all the actors just go to town chewing up their parts and spitting them out in a big well scripted pile. Sally Kevin Elisabeth - wonderful! Whoopi - great! Robert Downey - refreshing to see him back when he had such potential before the tabloids. And Garry: why did we have to wait so long to see him on film? Leesa Gibbons - hadn't been missing her but nice to include her as a real life entertainment reporter (and where do you apply for THAT job anyway?).<br /><br />Admittedly I could have done without Sally climbing the drainpipe. Lucy Ricardo did it how many times? as has every comedienne from Carol Burnett to I don't know who and I'm so done with it now I could spit peanuts if I had them. Apparently it's what you do when you're being funny in a tall building in New York. I'm just thankful they didn't pull out the flagpole bit.<br /><br />But it was cute it was funny it had plot twists it had an after credits ending before that was common it had clothes worthy of a second glance it had a great cast and it's got personal memories for me. Really what more do you need?
critique2865 I have to tell you this is a great movie. It surprises me sometimes how good a movie with no pretenses can be. This one is just fabulous. It could be that it isn't TRYING too hard to send any kind of message; it just tells a whimsical fun story. I gave it a 10 out of 10.
critique2866 The early career of Abe Lincoln is beautifully presented by Ford. Not that anyone alive has seen footage of the real Lincoln but Fonda wearing a fake nose is uncanny as Lincoln with the voice delivery walk and other mannerisms - exactly as one would imagine Lincoln to have been. Ford in the first of three consecutive films he made with Fonda is at the top of his form perfectly evoking early 19th century America. The story focuses on a pair accused of murder that Lincoln defends and the courtroom scenes are quite well done. The supporting cast includes many of Ford's regulars. This was Alice Brady's last film as she died months after its release.
critique2867 The 40 Year Old Virgin is about Andy Stitzer a forty year old man who works in an electronic store and doesn't have much of a social life and is very awkward around women. Some of his co-workers at the store invite him out one night and they discover that Andy is still a virgin so they plan to help him lose his virginity. One day in the store Andy meets a woman named Trish who gives him her phone number and eventually Andy works up enough courage to go on a date with her and they start to really like each other but Andy is still very awkward when it comes to sex and he is going to have to tell this to Trish much to his embarrassment if he can actually get up enough courage to tell her before things get awkward. The 40 Year Old Virgin has good direction a good script good comedic performances by the whole cast good cinematography and good film editing. The film stars and is co-written by Steve Carell who does a very good comedic breakthrough performance and his writing for the film is very good too. I was very pleasantly surprised with this film. It is sweet funny entertaining fun enjoyable clever good natured and a good time. This film is just as good as this year's Wedding Crashers and both films are two of the best comedies I have seen in awhile. The 40 Year Old Virgin really showcases a lot of talent and it is put to good use and it works as a comedy and a romance and it is sweet and a lot of fun. One of the biggest surprises and one of the best comedies of the year.
critique2868 Broadcast News is directed by James L. Brooks (Terms of Endearment As Good As It Gets) and has a great cast including William Hurt Albert Brooks and Holly Hunter. Everyone gives a good performance but they're all too unlikable to really care about them.<br /><br />Some parts of the film are really brilliant such as the prologue and the short scenes with Jack Nicholson. The main reason it doesn't entirely work is it's a film that relies on the characters being amusing rather than amusing things happening to them.<br /><br />You could consider it nothing more than a drama but it's often too silly to be successful there as well. Still the script makes it worth a watch. Certainly not for everyone.<br /><br />7.0 out of 10
critique2869 You have to have lived in Japan for awhile to enjoy the beauty of this movie! I lived on Okinawa for over 2 years and northern Honshu for 4. Believe it or not what you see paints a very good and accurate picture of contrasting east/west mentalities both from a sports as well as personal relationships perspective. A funny funny and heartwarming movie that deserves better than Americans viewing it can ever judge. 8+ out of 10!
critique2870 <br /><br />"Bleak House" is hands down the finest adaptation of a Charles Dickens Novel ever put on screen. Alway one of My favorite novelsI was exteremely pleased with this Television Mini Series. The late great Denholm Elliot was perfectly cast as the noble John Jardyce and Diana Rigg was sheer perfection as the doomed Ladty Dedlock. The film captures the essence of Dickens era and is extremely faithful to the bookoly making minor plot cuts that do not effect the story. over all a brilliantmoving and atmosphereic film.
critique2871 Jack Frost is about a serial killer who is sentenced to death. On the Way to his death sentence the prison truck that he rides in collides with a chemical tanker filled with a chemical that turns his molecules with the snow on the ground turning him into a snowman. Being a killer himself that would turn him into a killer snowman. Jack now wants revenge on the sheriff who caught him. Jack now starts his rampage all over again killing people in a small town.<br /><br />I don't think Jack Frost has a chance of becoming a horror classic but its a entertaining flick. Just put your brain on hold and have fun with it but just don't take it too seriously.
critique2872 Like those who listened to radio reports about the attack on Pearl Harbor every one who has ever seen PINK FLAMINGOS can tell you exactly where they were when they first saw it--and some thirty years later the movie is still one of the most unspeakably vile obnoxious repulsive and hilariously funny films ever put to celluloid guaranteed to test the strongest stomachs and the toughest funny bones.<br /><br />Filmed with a close-to-zero budget and some of the shakiest cinematography around PINK FLAMINGOS tells the story of two families that compete for the tabloid title of "The Filthiest People Alive." Just how filthy can they be? Plenty: the film includes everything from sex with chickens to what I can only describe as a remarkable display of rectal control to a heaping helping of doggie doo and I guarantee that you won't want to eat an egg for at least several weeks after seeing it.<br /><br />The cast is either wonderful atrocious or atrociously wonderful depending on how you look at it. The star of course is Divine... and to describe Divine as the BIGGEST drag queen on the planet would the understatement of the year. She is a mammoth creature given to BIG eye makeup BIG orange hair and BIG expressions--she is the Charleton Heston of drag and whether she is almost running down a jogger pausing to use the bathroom on some one's front lawn or startling real-life shoppers by taking a stroll along a Baltimore sidewalk she is both unspeakable and unspeakably funny. Others in the cast include Mary Vivian Pearce Danny Mills and the ever-appalling Edith Massey as members of Divine's family; and Mink Stole and David Lochary as the white-slaving baby-selling couple who challenge Divine's status.<br /><br />It should be pretty obvious that PINK FLAMINGOS is not exactly a movie that will appeal to just every one and viewers who know director John Waters only through such later films as HAIRSPRAY and CRYBABY will be in for a major jolt. But if you want to see something so completely different that even Monty Python couldn't imagine it this is the movie for you. Just make sure you eat before you see it because you probably won't want to eat afterward--and you might want to keep a barf bag handy just in case.<br /><br />Gary F. Taylor aka GFT Amazon Reviewer
critique2873 It was a fascinating story waiting to be told. FAT MAN AND LITTLE BOY takes us inside the trials and tribulations of a group of top American scientists handed a lofty task during the Second World War: beat everyone else to the atomic bomb. Sequestered in a heavily-guarded New Mexico compound the brainiacs slowly turn the idea from ambitious concept into immense reality.<br /><br />FAT MAN AND LITTLE BOY is one of those films that requires your close attention. It's a real thinking person's movie not only from the scientific aspect of developing a seemingly impossible weapon but also the moral implications of contributing to killing on a massive scale. Characters are constantly torn between that reality and their wartime duty as Americans. The film is never preachy about however leaving us free to marvel at the enormity of the inner turmoil these men face. The performances deserve special mention as well. Paul Newman delivers one of his great understated performances as the Pattonesque general in charge of delivering the ultimate big stick for the Allied Forces.<br /><br />Where FAT MAN AND LITTLE BOY loses much of its traction is in the unnecessary romantic component. Dwight Schultz as the leader of the scientific team struggles with his affections for his family and his relentless obsession with his big project. Director Roland Joffe apparently felt the need to explore the more human angles of this story but the romantic overtones serve primarily as a distraction. Besides it's the interaction among the scientists and their military hierarchy that give us the greatest insight into the thoughts and feelings of these brilliant men.<br /><br />Still it's difficult not to recommend FAT MAN AND LITTLE BOY. It's a largely forgotten gem that puts a human face put on one of the most intriguing stories in human history.
critique2874 Since I am a fan of Natalie Portman I had to see the movie. I enjoyed every minute of it. It plays out in a very sincere way. Throughout the whole movie at seemed as if Natalie was the mother and Susan was the mother. Susan's character kept making bad decisions and kept getting burned because of it.<br /><br />I heard that there was supposed to be a love scene involving Natalie and some-guy (he's in Outside Providence) but Natalie would only accept the script if that scene was removed. And I think that is great. I think that a love scene would have ruined the tone of the film.<br /><br />Natalie must have a knack for picking good movies to be in because I haven't seen her in a bad film yet. So any movie that has Natalie Portman will no doubt be seen by me.<br /><br />A good film. 7/10
critique2875 To many people Beat Street has inspired their lifestyle to something creative concerning the hip hop culture.<br /><br />The young Lee is living in NY in the 80's when hip hop was at its beginning. His a crew member of "Beat Street" -a b-boy crew. The movie follows Lee in his average day dancing graffitiing etc.<br /><br />The director has succeeded in making a movie with a plot and at the same time presenting hip hop to the rest of the world. The movie has old school features such as<br /><br />Afrika Bambaataa & the Soul Sonic Force Grandmaster Melle Mel & the Furious Five the Rock Steady Crew the New York City Breakers and many more....<br /><br />Neither the movie Beat Street nor the Beat Street spirit will ever die.
critique2876 At first I thought the Ring would be a more than normal movie with it's ordinary plot. How surprised was I! Of course the plot is simple - one girl is in love with two men - but Hitchcock brings it to us on a silver platter with laughter and fear with compassion and anguish. The way he depicts the popular crowds of the fair the strength of the attraction of the girl to both men the tragic elements that come together with techniques that open the mind to most of his greatest movies(North by Northwest the Rope etc.). The master did it great even before his thirties!
critique2877 At the same time John Russell was playing ranch owner Nathan Burdette trying to free his no good brother Claude Akins from sheriff John Wayne in Rio Bravo he was working the other side of the law on television. These years were probably the high point of Russell's career his most noted screen role and his most famous television role Marshal Dan Troop of Laramie in Lawman.<br /><br />Russell kept law and order in Laramie the same way that James Arness did it in Dodge City on Gunsmoke. Unlike Gunsmoke Laramie never developed the all the minor characters that gave you the feel of Dodge City at the time. Instead it concentrated on Russell taking care of business and learning the business of law to his eager young deputy Peter Brown.<br /><br />Brown played deputy Johnny McKay who was a most respectful young man constantly referring to his boss as Mr. Troop. He was pretty handy with a shooting iron but was inclined to be impulsive. Good thing Marshal Troop was around.<br /><br />The other series regular was the Kitty Russell of Laramie Lily played by Peggie Castle. This is where Lawman most resembled Gunsmoke. There was an unspoken understanding between Russell and Castle that even the smallest of children couldn't have missed. And I wasn't the smallest of children when Lawman was in first run.<br /><br />Sadly Peggie Castle developed substance abuse problems after Lawman's run ended. I remember a small obituary marked her passing in the first half of the Seventies. She was one beautiful woman.<br /><br />Lawman was good no nonsense western from that golden era of the adult television western. It was one of the best.
critique2878 Square really landed this one. They didn't try to please everyone and instead focused exclusively on Final Fantasy 7 fans. And boy are those going to be happy fans when they see this movie! The story might not be all that interesting or credible but it ties in neatly with the story of the game and has several honest-to-god funny moments!! A total surprise there and a welcome one too<br /><br />There are lots of cameos and funny references to the game too. And most important of all: The fighting scenes rock so hard they could cut through diamond! They are truly the total awesomeness and would have made the movie worth it even if everything else sucked. I mean they are some of the best ever created PERIOD.<br /><br />See this movie. Bye.<br /><br />PS: I know my review sounds like the ravings of a teenage girl. It was like totally what I intended.
critique2879 I shot this movie. I am very proud of the film. It was a great experience which shows up on the screen. Halfdan Hussey is an excellent collaborator who had a vision and was able to capture the movie in the exact way we envisioned while prepping the film. The sets are amazing and well crafted for each character. John York and his team built sets that not only fit the characters they worked well in shooting the film allowing us to move seamlessly through walls and from one set to another. Each character has an amazing arc which makes for a great story. I feel like all of the actors gave excellent performances. I disagree with some of the other comments that say the acting was not good. Watch it and decide for yourself.
critique2880 First of all I know almost nothing about rugby so although I found the rugby-aspect of this movie to be interesting it could have been any sport and I think I would have enjoyed it just as much. The fact that it as about rugby didn't make it any better or worse for me.<br /><br />What made this movie great is the story itself based on actual events that have occurred over the last 30 years with the Highland Rugby club. Coach Gelwix is the kind of coach that most every parent would like their children to have someone who cares more about the person than the sport (even though they have won 17 national championships and have only lost 9 games in over 30 years!). The more I have learned about the coach and team the more I like this movie and its message.<br /><br />I have seen other sports movies that seemed great at first but then I researched the details only to find that most of those movies were 10% fact and 90% fiction with the 10% of facts being greatly exaggerated. Not so with Forever Strong. It may seem too good to be true but that's what's so amazing about it. If it were fiction it would just be an enjoyable story and nothing more. Instead the movie is inspirational and makes you want to be a better person.<br /><br />Don't miss this movie because of a few negative reviews by professional critics. I have been reading some of their reviews and most of them have given the movie horrible reviews. These are generally the same critics who rave about movies that most people hate. In fact I would be worried if some of these critics had given the movie good reviews because I almost always disagree with their opinions.<br /><br />Go see this movie and post your review (positive or negative)! Currently most of the audience reviews are enthusiastically positive (here and on Rotten Tomatoes and similar sites) and I am interested to see if this trend continues. Thanks!
critique2881 Richard Schickel's 1991 documentary about Gary Cooper - "Gary Cooper: American Life American Legend" gives us a look at the tremendous all-American star through his films and his life. Narrated by Clint Eastwood the theme is definitely "Gary Coooper American" as we are taken through fast clips of his many appearances in westerns and scenes from "Meet John Doe" "Mr. Deeds Goes to Town and "Sgt. York." The best part of the documentary is the home movies of Cooper and his family as well as his childhood photos showing him as a beautiful blonde kid with the sunny smile he would have his entire life. There is also a hilarious clip of Cooper on "The Jack Benny Show" doing the comeback on the number "Bird Dog" - and Benny loses it. The documentary also takes us briefly through his tumultuous affair with Patricia Neal which nearly ruined both their lives.<br /><br />There's a certain cohesiveness missing from this bio/retrospective - it jumps around a lot and has no footage of Cooper being interviewed which would have added a lot. Also Clint Eastwood's narration was described as unobtrusive. What it was was boring and monotone. Given that Cooper himself tended to be the strong silent type on screen we could have used a little animation.<br /><br />On a personal note Gary Cooper was one of the handsomest men who ever lived - there were some looks at him in his early films but not nearly enough for this fan. That smile those lips that bone structure - he was handsome throughout his life but in films like "Morocco" and "Desire" he is devastating. Instead of sitting through a scene from one of his worst performances as Howard Roark in "The Fountainhead" giving a speech that he admitted to the author he did not understand - a young suave Cooper in a tux would have been a nice touch. This documentary alas was definitely produced by a man.
critique2882 People seem to be expecting Citizen Kane here! The Planet is a B-monster movie and as such is good fun and different enough to be enjoyed. The director clearly has something to offer - not so sure about some of the cast. As for the effects? Ã‚Â£8000 ain't a lot of effects budget.I for one would happily recommend this outing to a sci-fi head or anyone who doesn't take monster movies too seriously. If so? Watch 3colours blue instead.I noticed one review saying it had ripped off Alien. Like Alien didn't rip things off. The best thing about the film? The director. The worst thing about the film? The cast. Maybe it's time for the Director to move from Glasgow to London and find some talent. In the meantime - well done. At least you're trying to do something.
critique2883 I have seen this film at least 100 times and I am still excited by it the acting is perfect and the romance between Joe and Jean keeps me on the edge of my seat plus I still think Bryan Brown is the tops. Brilliant Film.
critique2884 It tries to be the epic adventure of the century. And with a cast like ShÃƒÂ´ Kasugi Christopher Lee and John-Rhys Davies it really is the perfect B-adventure of all time. It's actually is a pretty fun swashbuckling adventure that even with it's flaws captures your interest. It must have felt as the biggest movie ever for the people who made it. Even if it's made in the 90s it doesn't have a modern feel. It more has the same feeling that a old Errol Flynn movie had. Big adventure movie are again the big thing in Hollywood but I'm afraid that the feeling in them will never be the same as these old movies had. This on the other hand just has the real feeling. You just can't hate it. I think it's an okay adventure movie. And I really love the soundtrack. Damn I want the theme song.
critique2885 I saw this last night on Turner Classic Movies (TCM). I had never heard of it before and was quite surprised to find it so engrossing.<br /><br />Bogart does a star turn as a city-wise cynical editor who reluctantly goes along with his greedy radio-network boss in this incisive "B" programmer. About 12 years before he played similar city-wise cynics to perfection in movies like Deadline USA Knock On Any Door The Barefoot Contessa and The Harder They Fall Bogie already had the star qualities down pat.<br /><br />In order to boost ratings and bring their somewhat high-brow programming to a more popular level WUBC "the Voice of America" pushes a tell-all radio mini-series about a woman who was acquitted 20 years ago by a plea of self-defense of killing her husband. Not willing to be discreet in order to save the woman's and her husband's reputations the station uses underhanded methods to reveal all to all listeners and as luridly as possible.<br /><br />As a time capsule I also found it very illuminating of male-female mores in the workplace in the mid-1930's. Although beyond Henry O'Neill I'm unfamiliar with the supporting cast the players were uniformly excellent and the direction was taut.<br /><br />If you like this kind of movie at all (e.g. A Face In The Crowd An Inspector Calls etc.) don't miss the opportunity to see this one.<br /><br />
critique2886 And yet another run of South Park comes to an end. This wasn't as strong an episode as I'd hoped for but Night of the Living Homeless was a stronger finisher then Stanley's Cup Tsst Bloody Mary or Erection Day. It still can't hold a candle to Woodland Critter Christmas and Goobacks but few episodes can.<br /><br />Night of the Living Homeless is a spoof of the zombie genre done in a way only South Park would think of. Instead of flesh eating zombies the entities are homeless that request change and seem to survive off of it.<br /><br />Randy and other residents are locked in the Community Center though this time on the roof where they can survey the scene. A particularly funny moment is when one member finds out his home is gone and becomes homeless leaving Randy no choice but to shoot him.<br /><br />Meanwhile the four boys set out to solve the problem with the whole story behind the homeless takeover trying to convey a message but being seriously uninspired. South Park is at it's best a lot of the times when it is being ridiculous. Matt and Trey played it safe this week and didn't really critique the homeless problem just lampooned it.<br /><br />The shock moment of the episode comes when a scientist shoots himself in an attempt to avoid the homeless. This is the first time a suicide on South Park goes wrong and we watch the poor man miss his brain and then attempt to shoot himself many times while he painfully dies. Another inspired South Park moment.<br /><br />Overall the episode was funny but it was kept from being great by withholding any real commentary on the homeless and sticking straight with the zombie shtick. The ending is somewhat funny but nothing new.<br /><br />Now we must wait until October for the next batch of episodes. It's a long haul but South Park must be applauded for it's run. The show seemed to be running out of steam last season but now it's back in full form.
critique2887 I have to point out before you read this review that in no way is this a statement against Iranian people ... if you really want to read something into it than hopefully you see that I'm against politicians in general ... but if you're looking to be offended ... I can't help you!<br /><br />Not in Iran as this movie is banned there (see IMDb trivia for this movie). Which is a shame because the movie is great. Would it not be for "Grbavica" this movie would have won at the International Film Festival in Berlin.<br /><br />Rightfully so (it was the runner-up or second place if you will). Why? Because it is a movie about oppression. It's not even that this is a complete women issue. It is about the government trying to keep the people down. An analogy so clear that the government felt the need to ban the movie. But by banning it nothing is resolved and/or can they make this movie disappear! <br /><br />Another reviewer had a great summary line: "Comedy about a tragedy" that sums it up pretty well!
critique2888 I thought that the storyline came into place very well. I liked this movie a lot. If you're going to rag on a Bridget Fonda movie you can just rot. I thought that ragging on movie stars was a bad idea. Apparently somebody doesn't think so. I rather enjoyed the movie. I'm even thinking of buying it. I want it to be my very first DVD for my room. That's how much I like it. I rather would not start an online argument with someone I don't know & have it be over a movie. If someone could kindly retract what they said about the storyline I would be more than happy to retract my insult. However if they feel that I am not worthy of a retraction I might just feel that they are not worthy of one either. But I can't control their actions I can only encourage them in the right direction. Hey they don't have to make a retraction but I would greatly appreciate it.
critique2889 Jack Frost is Really a Cool Movie. I Mean....Its Funny. Its Violent. and Very Enjoyable. Most People Say that it Is B Rated But That Couldn't be Farther from the truth. It has Great Special Effects and Good Acting. The Only Weird thing is of Course The Killer Snowman. I Think this Movie was Actually one of The Best Films of the Late-Nineties. Most Films these Days lack the Criteria of A Clive Barker Master Piece. That is Be Original and Give the Viewer What they Do not Expect. Jack Frost is Very Cool. 10 out of 10. Grade: A+. Ed Also Recommends The Movie Uncle Sam to Fans of Jack Frost.
critique2890 I just recently watched this 1954 movie starring Vincent Price for the first time on Turner Classic Movies. Price portrays Don Gallico a magician/inventor who is driven to murder when his boss steals several of his magical inventions (and also his wife portrayed in a brief role by the lovely Eva Gabor). Even though Price is a murderer I actually found myself rooting for him he is a sympathetic character who is driven mad by the greedy people around him who keep taking advantage of him.<br /><br />Although this movie doesn't have the "horror" factor of some of his more famous roles (such as my favorite "House of Wax") it nonetheless has enough going for it to keep the viewers interest. <br /><br />This is a must for Vincent Price fans.
critique2891 There may be spoilers!<br /><br />Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) who lost his family in a tragedy (the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11) still grieves over their deaths. He runs into his former college roommate Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and the two rekindle their friendship. Alan vows to help his old friend come to terms with the terrible loss. This is a simplification of the basic story of Reign Over Me. <br /><br />This movie is however a story of how fate intercedes in our lives when we ourselves may be powerless do any thing about our own states of being. Alan is stuck in a life that he knows is no longer fulfilling. He feels friendless and out of touch with his own reality. He is unable to communicate with his wife and his associates at work. He can't express his feelings and as a result feels lost and distant from his own world. He chances upon Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving from his job. Eventually he meets and discovers that Charlie (who originally does not remember Alan) is living in a false reality of his own. Charlie has gone back to a time in his life when he had no family. He lives as if he were still a student playing in a rock band collecting vinyl records of the 60s and 70s bands and playing video games. He has escaped to a better and safer time in his life where there are no bad guys and he has a lot less to lose. Everyone in this movie is affected in some way by the tragedy that has affected Charlie and his remission to a formerly different and better (?) place. His landlady is his protector and great enabler. His in-laws are subtracted from his life because they would take him back to the reality that his family is now gone from his life. And Alan is most affected by him because Alan wants to (in at first a selfish desire to escape from his own reality) to be with Charlie as a means to subtract himself from his own stifled reality and then he wants to find a way to help Charlie begin to recover from his self-induced guilt and denial of loss. It is through this relationship that not only is Charlie able to begin to heal himself but that Alan in fact learns to communicate and sate his true desires with his associates at work and eventually is able to admit to his wife he has not been able to communicate his real feelings to her but that he strongly wants to because he does love her. It is in fact a poignant moment in the film when the stuff has hit the fan and Charlie is being confronted with the reality of being put away that he and Alan are talking about the situation together over "Chinese" that Charlie states that he is in fact worried about Alan and not himself. <br /><br />This movie will if you let it take you through a river of emotions and leave you thinking. It will have you laughing at how Charlie uses his words like people really do in everyday life to make a comical statement of fact about a real situation. It will leave you on the verge of tears (in my case actual tears) when Charlie confronts his grief and begins to come to grips with his tremendous loss. And that in fact the tragic reality is his guilt and loss has really never left him and he dealt with it in the only way he knew: denial. It will make you curse at the cold unthinking actions of a young prosecutor trying to win his "case" (as I actually did at Charlie's hearing!) And it will make you smile at the commonsense of a old and wise stern judge (Donald Sutherland who is great at his short distinct role and gives the best performance of a wise stern person in the legal profession since Wilford Brimley played an Assistant Attorney General in Absence of Malice.)<br /><br />This movie was also amazing to me for a few other reasons: (1) I never looked at my watch once during the showing of the film. Which means it had me from the beginning to the end (2) Although the cast was interracial this fact was not important to the playing out of the roles of the characters in the film. Race was a non-factor to the performance of the roles in this movie. Amazing people can actually interact with out this fact being brought out! and (3) the only real reference to 9/11 is when Charlie's financial attorney refers to the tragedy of Charlie's loss as "Ã‚Â…what Charlie had become on 9/12". Time will be the true test of how this movie will stand out in the future but if the purpose of a movie is not to just entertain but to make one think and have that movie stay with you long after you leave the theatre then Reign Over Me succeeded phenomenally as far as I am concerned. I have not yet forgotten this wonderful thought provoking film and I will wait impatiently for the day I can purchase it as a DVD.
critique2892 I don't know if I'm just weird but I thoroughly enjoyed this film. <br /><br />Return to Cabin by the Lake is of course the sequel to another one of my favorite films Cabin by the Lake. In fact I think that I enjoyed this movie even more than the first one. I also thought that the cast in this movie was great Judd Nelson is always the best! I also enjoyed the plot as a whole. I liked the fact that this second movie focused on the filming of Stanley's screenplay Cabin by the Lake- it wasn't a completely redundant film of Stanley grabbing other girls and drowning them. - If you're looking for some deep meaning then this film is probably not the one for you. However if you're looking for a fun way to spend two hours then go ahead and watch it. I've probably already killed at least ten hours watching this film. :)
critique2893 This was an excellent movie! I saw this at the Karlovy Vary IFF in the Czech Republic and it won an award there. This is the first film I've ever seen from Jan (the director) and I was impressed. It's a great story about love and family. The movie has a great balance of comedy romance drama and suspense all in one. I will not give away any of the plot but this is a well-made film and I would watch it again if I had the chance! The cinematography/editing is great the film simply flows and the characters are warm and they are the kind that one can relate to. I hope you can enjoy this film as I did. If anyone knows where I can find this in the United States or if they plan on releasing it on DVD anytime soon please let me know!!
critique2894 Since many other users have already explained and commented the storyline I won't do it.<br /><br />However I'd like to restate that Bardem's interpretation is terrific as also are those of the other actors and actresses in this film. <br /><br />Reading the previous comments I've noticed that some people criticize the fact that the film doesn't show points of view opposed to euthanasia and that those little present are ridiculed. In my honest opinion this is far from true.<br /><br />There are many characters that move in a gray zone between loving RamÃƒÂ³n Sampedro and wanting him to stay and understanding his desire to die. Most obvious of those are the family. For instance RamÃƒÂ³n's sister-in-law never talks for or against euthanasia. Another such character is GenÃƒÂ© (the social rights activist) who in the last moment tells RamÃƒÂ³n to re-think it all. The scene clearly shows that she doesn't want him to die.<br /><br />Then there are characters who are clearly against euthanasia. RamÃƒÂ³n's brother is clearly against it as is his father ("There's only one thing worse than the death of son and it's having a son that wants to die.") Other users have commented that the discussion between RamÃƒÂ³n and the priest is ridiculed and filmed to make us think that RamÃƒÂ³n is GOOD and the priest is BAD. Well no doubt the scene is comic but that doesn't mean the priest is caricatured or ridiculed. From my point of view the comedy in this scene comes from the fact that the priest is trying to convince RamÃƒÂ³n to keep on living using arguments totally alien to RamÃƒÂ³n's thinking. The priest's speech goes on the line of "God gives and God takes" "We aren't the owners of our own lives they belong to God"... and so on. The comedy arises from the fact that RamÃƒÂ³n is atheist and all the priest is saying to him is therefore nonsense.<br /><br />This film is the antithesis of manicheism it leaves the spectator the chance to think on the subject and make up his/her own opinion. And above anything else is a chant of FREEDOM.
critique2895 After seeing this movie I came to the realization that Drew Barrymore is a great actress. This movie wouldn't have been watchable without Drew. The fact that somebody as attractive as Drew could actually gross me out and she did when she was "Josie Grossie". Her attempts to "transition" as the cool girls called it were hilarious especially her trying to dance at the night club.<br /><br />We also had SNL favorite Molly Shannon playing a great part as Anita Josie's best friend. One of the funniest scenes in the movie was Anita trying to teach the class sex ed. This was one of Mollys funniest performances and best.<br /><br />Leelee Sobieski also had a great part and I really felt for her because I know people like her that got tortured like that.<br /><br />This movie is a must see for Drew Barrymore fans because Drew makes the movie.
critique2896 An enjoyable Batman animated film. Not on par with "Return of the Joker" or "Mask of the Phantasm" but solid nonetheless. I liked how the movie kept you guessing as to who Batwoman was. There was nice twist. Nice action sequences. I've always been of the opinion that the Batman cartoons are better then any of the pitiful Batman live action film sequels. The trend continues here.<br /><br />7.5 out of 10
critique2897 For the main criticisms of the movie... The love story: that wasn't a love story. Those were two people distraught coming together trying to find humanity in ANYone. The same thing happened with soldiers and the Russian boy. It added a feminine touch but come on look at American movies...no where close to love story. There was no storyline: does war have a storyline? I think that is a silly criticism. The storyline is this. They start with 400 men and the movie narrowed down to show the lives of about 10 men and how each did their part and died. Death is the ultimate end to any story. Just because there was no happy ending doesn't mean it has no storyline. <br /><br />There was a horrid truth in this movie. I wouldn't necessarily call it "anti-war". It had a political statement of course but the movie wasn't all about the politics. In fact except for a few occurrences when the Captain? showed up there was never a stifling air of Nazi Germany. They were far enough out of the reach of the main Nazi party. The fat cats weren't gonna go into Russia!<br /><br />Maybe not completely accurate and not a Hollywood hit but it exhibits a fine knowledge of the common soldier (I'd say exactly of almost any nationality and war)and what they must go through. It was a losing battle of course the movie is going to be depressing. And to the person who said that it was gutsy (and silly) to even portray Germans as victims: there are victims on all sides in every war (any real soldier will tell you that).<br /><br />This movie is a fine balance between movie and documentary. A few problems with it when arguing for just one but it instills the best of both worlds. Watch it as such. Beware however because it is a hard movie to watch if not graphically emotionally.<br /><br />I'm waiting til they make a movie about Iraq. It will probably have many of the same themes and will be very controversial I want to see who has the guts to do it first. (Jarhead doesn't count)
critique2898 THIS POST MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS :<br /><br />Although it was 5 years after the series ended and WB was currently working on Justice League this animated movie is a welcome addition to the video library. Why? Well if Mask of the Phantasm compliments the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series and SubZero compliments the 15 episodes of the Adventures of Batman and Robin then Mystery of the Batwoman compliments the final 24 episodes of the Gotham Knights version of Batman. Kevin Conroy once again delivers a voice over performance that is nothing short of excellence and perfection. I admit I was a bit leery when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think about were the old 50's comics of Batman. But I was blown away by the Batwoman character her look her costume (which I assumed inspired Bruce Wayne to create the costume on Batman Beyond)and the fact that this movie keeps you guessing who Batwoman is all the way through. If you want to know who Batwoman is then buy or rent the DVD. Barbara Gordon makes a cameo appearance and I think the writers were trying to hint that Bruce and Barbara had something going on between them like they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin but his role is a small one and sadly there is no sign of or mention of Dick Grayson alias Nightwing which leads me to believe he has established himself in Bludhaven (his city in the comics).<br /><br />Of the three suspects for Batwoman my favorite is Kathy Duquesne who looks an awful lot like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a great job as one of the other suspects. When it comes to the villains I'm glad the Penguin was one of them but I did not like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy just didn't sound right. Same thing goes for Robin. The new guy did okay but just as I was starting to get used to Matt Valencia they replaced him. It's interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson who voices Carlton Duquesne is now the voice of the Joker in "The Batman" series. And we finally see what Rupert Thorne looks like revamped since he didn't show up in the Gotham Knights episodes. The late John Vernon will be missed. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva as the voice of Bane if he had to be replaced they got the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I only wish they could have used Two Face Riddler or the scary new version of the Scarecrow.<br /><br />The musical score and especially the soft sounding intro were superb. I wish that was on a soundtrack and I especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg Lounge along with her song Betcha Neva. While some feel that this movie is weaker than the Mask of the Phantasm and Subzero I find it just as strong and enjoyable as the rest plus like I said earlier it's a full length movie based off the Gotham Knights version of Batman which I think gives a good balance. I would at least recommend renting this DVD first before buying it for those who might be leery of this movie but personally it's well worth the purchase. I give Mystery of the Batwoman a 9.
critique2899 You have GOT to see this movie... I saw it as a 13 year old at the theater on my very first date... Fast forward over 20 years and I'm now gay (Thanks a lot One Dark Night!! LOL!). This movie creeped the hell out of me as a kid (mausoleums still do!) but as an adult the thrill of this movie isn't in the storyline but rather the hysterical laughs it holds... Highlights are listening to the names the teenagers call each other from "nerdlebrain" (my personal favorite) to "turkey". Also keep your eyes peeled for the scene where Carol (the blond head sister) attempts to hang her phone up on a soda can (can't believe they didn't reshoot that!)... Other highlights include Adam West's overly dramatic outbursts and the gooey corpses. If you're a fan of true horror I'd suggest this film just because to me it's almost a parody on horror. There is def. a creepy factor and the plot is a good one but don't watch it if you want to be scared out of your wits (unless you're like 10 years old or something).
critique2900 This story was probably one of the most powerful I have ever taken in. John Singleton certainly went above and beyond when putting together this educational masterpiece. Brilliant performances by the whole cast but Epps and Rapaport turned in the best and most convincing of either young star's career.<br /><br />However as a college student myself many of the issues that Singleton touched on were taken to the extreme. In a sense that while they are issues faced on many college campuses they aren't presented as big or out in the open as this movie would make one believe. In some instances it almost seemed ridiculous to think that something of this nature could actually occur. However aside from the fact that it was a little over dramatic the film was brilliant and left me stunned unable to talk just think. One of the things from this picture I will remember forever was a quote from Lawrence Fishburn's character "Knowledge is power without knowledge you cannot see your power." Brilliant just brilliant.
critique2901 If a joke doesn't offend anybody it isn't funny.<br /><br />The Inki cartoons are offensive no doubt about it. So is rap music. Get over it. I suspect that any sane Black person will find the Inki cartoons hilarious and that the people who are offended by them White people who still think Black's need their patronizing protection against racist humor.<br /><br />Seriously the Inki cartoons are funny. It saddens me that not because anybody is really offended but because somebody might just might be offended I can't buy Inki cartoons or The African Queen or Song of the South on DVD.
critique2902 i'm gonna give it to ya straight...this movie is amazing. foreign gay films are so fast surpassing American gay films in production quality acting and story. while so many American indie gay films are grainy bad sound amateur acting trite story lines and a surprising lack of any nudity or erotica top-quality foreign gay films have been popping up like this one from France. the cinematography is beautiful thought out meaningful. the story is adult and complex (but not difficult for anyone to follow) the acting is intense and professional. both leads are fantastic as well as the entire cast. the boys are more than just good-looking and there's plenty of full frontal nudity. you follow the entire year of these boys from their meeting to the end. all the little nuances of a relationship's the details of falling in and out of love are there beautifully performed. it left me wanting more. check it out!
critique2903 I am a new convert you might as well say. I borrowed the dvds from my local library. I have been interested in samurai since watching 'The Last Samurai.' My dad told me he used to watch Shintaro when he was a kid. He said that it was pretty good. We are up to series 3. I absolutely love it. It takes a little to get used to the dubbed English voices over the characters speaking Japanese but I really enjoy it all the same. It is a little strange to watch the slight pauses when the ninja stars are thrown at characters and they stick into a tree or wall. I was not used to this but I am now. But I suppose that's the technology they had in the 60s. I've noticed that Shintaro is kind friendly willing to help those in need he's very humble most of the time he doesn't big note himself (he only says he is better than the enemy ninja). I admire Shintaro for these qualities. It's really interesting to watch the swordsmanship that Koichi Ose has. It is amazing. This series is for anyone who are interested in samurai.
critique2904 What can i say about this movie? I have seen it quite a few times since the first time when i was around 6. I have seen the english version and it is done very well. It is a great movie for all ages but it is directed more for children. I love the childlike humor and appreciate it. If you have not seen it you should try to rent a copy you will not be disappointed!
critique2905 How can the viewer rating for this movie be just 5.4?! Just the lovely young Alisan Porter should automatically start you at 6 when you decide your rating. James Belushi is good in this too his first good serious role I hadn't liked him in anything but About Last Night until this. He was pretty good in Gang Related with Tupac also. Kelly Lynch you gotta love her. Well I do. I'm only wondering what happened to Miss Porter?<br /><br />i gave Curly Sue a 7
critique2906 John Carpenter's Halloween is quite frankly a horror masterpiece. It tells the immortal story of escaped mental patient Michael Myers who returns to his hometown on Halloween night to stalk and kill a group of babysitters.<br /><br />This was the first and without doubt the best in the Halloween franchise. Carpenter shows great restraint in pacing the story very slowly and building likable characters; unusual for a horror picture.<br /><br />Even more unusual is the non-existence of blood and gore and yet it remains the scariest Halloween to date. Get that! <br /><br />Halloween marked the film debut of Jamie Lee Curtis and a defining point in the late great Donald Pleasance's career. A true classic.
critique2907 The surprise nominee of this year's Best Animated Feature race at the Oscars. It's an Irish film by heart but it was co-produced by Belgium and Brazil with I'm guessing animators working in all three countries. The product is one of the most beautiful and unique films in recent memory. The character design is a little reminiscent of the French animated film Persepolis from a couple of years back with very simple characters with thick black outlines. This film is not in black and white. Oh no. What makes this film great is its use of color simply some of the most outrageous and startling use of colors I've ever seen. The general design of the pictures is also a lot more geometrical with characters who are basically rectangles or ovals. Much of the film can be spent playing find the circle - a major aspect of the visual design is a circle in the center of the image. All of these geometrical designs have a purpose - the story is about a young boy who is learning to be an artist working on illuminated manuscripts (the Book of Kells is a real illuminated Bible; the art of the film is based on the drawings in it). The story of the film isn't especially deep but it's a pretty good fantasy tale. Brendan is a young boy in Kells a city surrounded by enormous walls built by his uncle to keep out Vikings. A newcomer to Kells Brother Aiden inspires Brendan to take up illustrating. He also inspires him to do things like leave Kells and explore the nearby forest within which lives a nymph. Bruno Coulais provides a fantastic score almost as good as the one he did for Coraline which I consider the very best of the year.
critique2908 Nice movie. At the begining i thought it's a medieve detective kind hi-fi movie but the ending totally surprised me. I guess the whole movie covers too many subjects each of them can be the main subjecte.g. avenge friendship and dream. But it mixed all of them without focusing on any of them. I think it'd be a great movie if it's built around the ending from the very begining.<br /><br />
critique2909 Non-stop action and just about every conceivable (and inconceivable!) sci-fi/horror cliche can be found in this blatantly silly but fun big-budget epic. The pace never lets up especially in the shorter US version which tightens things up considerably.
critique2910 Bring a box of Kleenex to this funny engaging and moving weeper. The two leading actors give tour de force performances - there was considerable debate afterward about whether they are really disabled (they are not.) I appreciated that for once the filmmakers dared to be politically incorrect by depicting people with severe physical disabilities as fully developed people character flaws and all. As a result their believability engages us and makes us grow to like them and care about their conflicts. The story structure is formulaic and many of the secondary characters are merely types but the two central characters are so riveting that it doesn't matter. <br /><br />Interesting - the original title INSIDE I'M DANCING reflects the viewpoint of the character Michael while the new title for USA release suggests that Rory is the central figure.
critique2911 If you want to be cynical and pedantic you could point out that the opening where a RAF Lancaster bomber is mortally wounded on the 2nd of May 1945 is somewhat unlikely since German air defences were as lively as Adolph Hitler on that day but this isn't a movie that should be viewed by a cynical audience and I guess a character being killed in literally the last hours of the war adds to the poignancy . In fact you'd have to have survived the second world war to fully appreciate the intellect  beauty and soul of Powell and Pressburger's masterpiece . The scenes of heaven are painfully twee when viewed today ? Again you have to view the movie of the context when it was made . RAF bomber command lost 58000 men during the war  the same number that America lost in 'Nam but during a shorter period and a far  far smaller pool of active combatants  there's no atheists in a fox hole and I doubt if you'd lost a relative during the conflict you'd view material atheism as being a sensible thing . When Richar Attenborough's young pilot looks down in awe at the sight below him many war heroes must have openly wept at this scene as they remembered much missed comrades who didn't survive the war . Also bare in mind that despite losing several million people from 1939-45 there seems to be very few people from Germany passing through the pearly gates . it's obvious Nazis don't go to heaven <br /><br />The plot itself where dashing young pilot Peter Carter arguing for his life in front of a celestial court wouldn't have had much appeal to me if it wasn't for the subtext  you see A MATTER OR LIFE AND DEATH is a highly political and visionary film that laments the end of the British empire as it's replaced by American ambitions . There's little things that show up the film as being made by people aware of American history and culture . One is the ethnic mix of America  even today many Britons think that the USA is overwhelmingly composed of White Anglo Saxon Protestants when in fact only 51% of Americans are " White European " . The film rightly contains a scene where a multitude of different races confess " I am an American " as Peter is judged by Abraham Farlan  an Anglophobe who was the first revolutionary killed by British forces in The American War Of Independence . As for the " special relationship " between Britain and America - What special relationship ? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to Britain and America . They obviously know their future too <br /><br />So remember to watch this movie with some of your mind in the past and some of your mind in the present . It's strange  beautiful  poignant and clever but most of all it's a film that would never ever work if it were made in the last 40 years . Can you imagine if the story was set in 2003 and revolved around a British soldier killed in Iraq ?
critique2912 I first saw this movie at a festival. There were many good movies but few kept me thinking about it long after and An Insomniac's Nightmare was definitely one of them. Tess is definitely a gifted filmmaker. The shots were great. Casting was perfect. Dominic shined in his role that she perfectly crafted. There wasn't a lot to know about his character but she wrote the story in such a way that we cared about him. And Ellen-- I can't wait to see where she ends up! She's showing a lot of talent and I hope she does a few more films. With all the million dollar budgets trying to get a cheap thrill Tess shows that it's all not needing as long as there is a good story and actors. Kudos to everyone involved with this film. And thanks to Tess and co. for distributing it on DVD!
critique2913 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique2914 Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) pick-pockets Candy's (Jean Peters) wallet which contains an important microfiche that is intended for the Communist cause. She is being followed by 2 federal agents that are waiting to pounce once she hands the microfiche over to her contact. However Skip steals the purse on the subway under everyone's noses and so starts a hunt for him by both the police and Joey (Richard Kiley) and Candy who want the microfiche back. Skip can only be traced through Moe (Thelma Ritter) who sells information on criminals. It is made clear to Skip that what he has stolen is important and both sides want the film but he intends to hold out for a high price. This leads to Joey hunting after him and a conflict between Joey and Jean who has fallen in love with Skip. Joey has a deadline to deliver the microfiche to his boss. <br /><br />Its a well-acted film and it has a good beginning that gets you involved straight away. Its a bit unrealistic how Jean Peters immediately falls in love with Widmark but this point is necessary as otherwise why would she later hold out from Joey. Its a good film.
critique2915 Out of the many films I've seen Tommy Boy is a rare film where I can watch it over and over and it's still funny. David Spade and the late Chris Farley do their best in this film and is a must-see by anyone who's a fan of the Spade-Farley duo.
critique2916 The Japanese cyber-punk films have never really done a whole lot for me but of the handful that I've seen most have been at least visually interesting and at least mostly entertaining. MEATBALL MACHINE is no exception.<br /><br />The storyline is about a species of parasites that take over human hosts takes control of their bodies turns them into "necroborgs" and causes them to fight each other with the sole purpose of eating each other - apparently as a "game" for the enjoyment of said parasites. The film mainly revolves around a shy guy and gal who fall for each other but whose love-affair is cut short by both being infected with the parasites and are forced to fight each other. It becomes a test of human-will vs. the parasite's control over their physical bodies...<br /><br />MEATBALL MACHINE will invariably be compared to TETSUO (as most cyber-punk films are) and for good reason. There are definitely some thematic parallels though the films are definitely different. There's plenty of fun splattery moments in MEATBALL MACHINE and the creature/borg FX are definitely the high-point - a mixture of TETSUO-meets-GWAR that are both elaborate and inventive. Depending on your taste for these types of films MEATBALL MACHINE may or may not be your thing. If you enjoy hyper-kinetic cyber-punk films with a healthy dose of splatter - this one's for you...7/10
critique2917 *Contains spoilers due to me having to describe some film techniques so read at your own risk!*<br /><br />I loved this film. The use of tinting in some of the scenes makes it seem like an old photograph come to life. I also enjoyed the projection of people on a back screen. For instance in one scene Leopold calls his wife and she is projected behind him rather than in a typical split screen. Her face is huge in the back and Leo's is in the foreground.<br /><br />One of the best uses of this is when the young boys kill the Ravensteins on the train a scene shot in an almost political poster style with facial close ups. It reminded me of Battleship Potemkin that intense constant style coupled with the spray of red to convey tons of horror without much gore. Same with the scene when Katharina finds her father dead in the bathtub...you can only see the red water on the side. It is one of the things I love about Von Trier his understatement of horror which ends up making it all the more creepy.<br /><br />The use of text in the film was unique like when Leo's character is pushed by the word "Werewolf." I have never seen anything like that in a film.<br /><br />The use of black comedy in this film was well done. Ernst-Hugo JÃƒÂ¤regÃƒÂ¥rd is great as Leo's uncle. It brings up the snickers I got from his role in the Kingdom (Riget.) This humor makes the plotline of absurd anal retentiveness of train conductors against the terrible backdrop of WW2 and all the chaos easier to take. It reminds me of Riget in the way the hospital administrator is trying to maintain a normalcy at the end of part one when everything is going crazy. It shows that some people are truly oblivious to the awful things happening around them. Yet some people like Leo are tuned in but do nothing positive about it.<br /><br />The voice over done expertly well by Max von Sydow is amusing too. It draws you into the story and makes you jump into Leo's head which at times is a scary place to be.<br /><br />The movie brings up the point that one is a coward if they don't choose a side. I see the same idea used in Dancer in the Dark where Bjork's character doesn't speak up for herself and ends up being her own destruction. Actually at one time Von Trier seemed anti-woman to me by making Breaking the Waves and Dancer but now I know his male characters don't fare well either! I found myself at the same place during the end of Dancer when you seriously want the main character to rethink their actions but of course they never do!
critique2918 I used this film in a religion class I was teaching. The golden fish is swimming happily in his bowl in an upper floor apartment. A young boy and his mother are away from home. The boy has been given money to buy milk. On the way home he stops at carnival to play a game. Next to him stands a man in a black suit looking a little scary. The boy drops the bottle of milk. It breaks. The man in the black suit gives him money to replace the milk. This scene alternates with what is happening at home. A black cat climbs the fire escape and enters the apartment. He(?) discovers the fish bowl and watches it. The fish swims energetically and flips out of the bowl. By now a bunch of teenagers in my class and I have fallen in love with the fish. The cat takes the fish in his mouth and we all hold our breath. The cat drops the fish into the bowl. The double story line includes the suspicious man in black and the suspicious black cat. Both inspire prejudice. Both are innocent. It was a great discussion starter in my class.
critique2919 I watched this show on the basis of it being told it was reminiscent of David Lynch's Twin Peaks - a show which I adore. The show quickly starts introducing us to the main characters and rather unusually the pilot episode is to me the best of the lot its extremely dramatic and really gets out the whole evil side of the show ready to progress throughout the rest of the season. My one biggest criticism is I felt a little let down by the show - probably not through its own fault as it got cancelled after a mere 1 season it seemed to display show much potential and it deserved a lot better treatment than it got. The acting is excellent and this show has some of the best characters (good and evil) in it I have ever seen that are well developed in a short space of time. There is the odd cheesy effect for the first 5 or ten shows which are a bit overly dramatic but this is rectified as the season progressed. Well worth a watch definitely something out of the ordinary!
critique2920 OZ is an old TV series released by HBO. It shows the life in one security prison called Oswald but the main plot is focused on Emerald City which is one of the prison levels.<br /><br />Oz have an amazing plot and an outstanding cast! There are many of characters and almost all of them are very interesting. Basically they are divided in groups (gangs) the Sicilians the Black people the Aryans the Gays the Latinos and many others who doesn't have any specific group but deal with many others like Ryan O'Reily (The Irish).<br /><br />The plot is very well built there are a lot of conspiracy inside a lot of fight for the power. But all of this is not just exposed in form of violence all is very intelligent and smart nothing happens without a reason all is connected and very interesting to guess! I really love this series and who wanna see something intelligent very well produced with a very good cast and performances MUST see OZ!
critique2921 GÃƒÂ©dÃƒÂ©on and Jules Naudet wanted to film a documentary about rookie New York City firefighters. What they got was the only film footage inside the World Trade Center on September 11.<br /><br />Having worked with James Hanlon's ladder company before Jules went with the captain to inspect and repair a gas leak while GÃƒÂ©dÃƒÂ©on stayed at the firehouse in case anything interesting happened. An airplane flying low over the City distracted Jules and he pointed the camera up seconds before the plane crashed into Tower One.<br /><br />Jules asked the captain to follow him into the Towers. The first thing he saw was two people on fire something he refused to film. He stayed on site for the next several hours filming reactions of the firefighters and others who were there.<br /><br />The brothers Naudet took great care in not making the movie too violent grizzly and gory. But the language from the firefighters is a little coarse and CBS showed a lot of balls airing it uncensored. The brothers Naudet mixed footage they filmed with one-on-one interviews so the firefighters could explain their thoughts and emotions during particular moments of the crisis. <br /><br />Unlike a feature film of similar title most of the money from DVD sales go to 9/11-related charities. Very well made emotional moving and completely devoid of political propaganda is the best documentary of the sort to date.
critique2922 CCCC is the first good film in Bollywood of 2001. When I first saw the trailer of the film I thought It would be a nice family movie. I was right. Salman Khan has given is strongest performance ever. My family weren't too keen on him but after seeing this film my family are very impressed with him. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The film is going to be a huge hit because of the three main stars. <br /><br />It's about Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya meeting and falling in love. They get married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they come back Raj and Priya find out that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family are full of joy when they find out especially Raj's dada (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family are playing cricket one day and Priya has an accident which causes Priya to have a miscarriage. Raj has a very close family friend who is a doctor Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that she can no longer have anymore kids. Raj and Priya keep this quiet from the family. Raj and Priya decide to go for surrogacy. Surrogacy to them is that they will find a girl and Raj and that girl will have a baby together and then hand the baby over to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Her name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money and she agrees. Raj changes Madhubala completley. Raj tells Priya that he has found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do this so no one finds out. Priya spends the night in a church and Raj and Madhubala are all alone and they spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and they are all happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala comes to love Raj and she wants him. What happens next? Watch CCCC to find out. <br /><br />The one thing I didn't like about the film is their idea of surrogacy. They should have done it the proper way in the film but it didn't ruin the film. It was still excellent.<br /><br />The songs of the film are great. My favourites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke" Dekhne Walon Ne" "Deewana Hai Yeh Mann" and "Mehndi". The song "Mehndi" is very colourful. In that song it shows the ghod bharai taking place and it is very colourful. The film deserves 10/10!
critique2923 In the late 1940s there was a short film series entitled "Flicker Flashbacks" in which excerpts from silent dramas featuring the likes of Mary Pickford and Blanche Sweet were played for laughs. Scratchy clips from antiquated old movies were rearranged projected too fast and given an overlay of jangly music and lame quips. The attitude expressed through this brutal treatment pretty much summed up mid-century Hollywood's view of its early days: silent cinema was considered hokey florid a little embarrassing and only good for a chuckle. During the 1950s this attitude gradually began to change for a number of reasons. James Agee's famous 1949 essay on the silent clowns for Life Magazine was a factor but television played a major role in reacquainting viewers with silent movies. Admittedly the TV networks sometimes handled the material as crudely as the "Flicker Flashbacks" people but higher-toned series such as "Silents Please" treated the films with respect. Another milestone was Robert Youngson's compilation feature THE GOLDEN AGE OF COMEDY which proved to be something of a surprise hit when it was released to theaters late in 1957.<br /><br />I don't know if Charles Chaplin was aware of Youngson's film or its success at the box office but it was around this time that he decided to launch a theatrical re-release of three of his best short comedies A DOG'S LIFE SHOULDER ARMS (both made in 1918) and THE PILGRIM (made in 1922 and released the following year). These three movies happened to work well as a trio since they contrast nicely in plot theme and setting. In addition all three feature familiar faces from Chaplin's stock company some of whom play multiple roles in each short. At the time of the re-release the films hadn't been publicly screened in over thirty years so perhaps Chaplin was concerned about maintaining his reputation with a new generation of movie-goers especially since his best work was seldom shown on television in the new medium's early days.<br /><br />Unfortunately Chaplin apparently concluded that the films moved too quickly at the old silent projection speed so the decision was made to "stretch-print" them which meant that every other frame was printed twice. Maybe he wanted to avoid the 'Flicker Flashbacks' look but this wasn't the best way to go about it. Aesthetically speaking the results were awful and practically destroyed the movies' flow of action but nonetheless that's how THE CHAPLIN REVUE was released to theaters in 1959 and that's the version that was transferred to video and made commercially available by Playhouse Video in the 1980s. I purchased a VHS copy of the movie at the time and was terribly disappointed with the jerky stop-and-start rhythm of the films.<br /><br />It's a particular pleasure to find that David Shepard's restoration of Chaplin's compilation (originally produced for the laser-disc format) is a vast improvement over the Playhouse Video version. For the most part the projection speed has been corrected. The "stretch-printing" is gone at any rate though the action seems to drag a bit at times. For example: in A DOG'S LIFE during Edna & Charlie's awkward dance in the Green Lantern Cafe Edna's bare arms appear visibly blurred; at another point during the trench scene in SHOULDER ARMS when Charlie is relieved from sentry duty the action appears oddly slowed-down for a few moments but this may be the result of a maneuver by the film restorers to cover a bit of decomposition. Over all picture quality is fantastic considering the age of the movies themselves.<br /><br />Other bonuses: the REVUE begins with rare behind-the-scenes footage taken at the Chaplin studio. This includes shots of an obviously staged jokey rehearsal session where Chaplin throttles diminutive actor Loyal Underwood as well as scenes of Charlie at his dressing table putting on his makeup and trimming the famous mustache. These scenes are accompanied by Chaplin's narration delivered at a rapid clip. Chaplin also composed a new musical score for the compilation and in my opinion his themes for the REVUE rank with his best compositions especially the pieces used during the cafÃƒÂ© sequence in A DOG'S LIFE. The only exception is the song written for THE PILGRIM a pseudo-Singin' Cowboy number called "Bound for Texas" sung 'Fifties-style by Matt Monro (sounding rather like Gene Autry) which is distractingly anachronistic and out of place. Otherwise throughout the rest of the REVUE the music is perfectly suited to the action and the atmosphere.<br /><br />It feels as though the Image release of THE CHAPLIN REVUE is in a sense its long-postponed debut presenting these classic comedies the way they were meant to be seen all along. In this form the REVUE ranks with Chaplin's most durable and enjoyable works.
critique2924 There's something about every "Hammer" movie I see that really takes me into a new fantasy world. In the world of "Hammer" movies anything can happen. "Guardian of the Abyss" is one of those types of movies. It adventures deep into the occult and hypnosis to bring a different type of horror fantasy. All in all an unforgettable movie. 7.5/10.
critique2925 Brilliant film! I am sorry to say that it resembles to me a bit like Pulp F. but thats how it is with post pulp era. Many pictures get automatically likened to it for only being a gangster flick. But this one is well written funny coincidences ordinary gangsters who are family men resemble something from Tarantino which is a good similarity!<br /><br />Anyway the film's about a guy bloke in Australia which is getting mixed up with a hard- core crime gang and ends up in a debt and deep s*it. To his assistance is his deceased brother (anyone remember Val Kilmer in True R.?) to pay of his debt and escape from the gangsters who are on his trail. The gangsters are cold blooded but take the time to play chess and focus on the upbringing of their children! They also get served tea from their granny while planning a bank robbery and have trouble what to do with their kids during the robbery. So a humorous gangster flick with Heath Ledger in good form (though I'm not a fan)  and Bryan Brown in great action as a gang leader.
critique2926 This James bond game is the best bond game i have played in my life it is my favorite James bond game so far because: <br /><br />The missions in this game are really fun they can be really hard that makes it more fun to play the missions have lots of actions the weapons you use are really good. The cars in this game are awesome the car missions have lots of action and are really fun to play. The voice over actors are really good and it is cool that Sean Connery does the voice for James bond also the way bond looks is really cool because it looks just like Sean Connery when he played James bond in the movies and the other character look pretty much the same as the look in the movie. The graphics a pretty good in this James bond game. Also the game follows the movie pretty much but not all the but most of the time it does which is cool.<br /><br />overall score ********** out of **********
critique2927 1891: Stalwart morally upright military doctor Lieutenant Claude de Ross (solid Claudio Cassinelli) and several other shipwreck survivors wash ashore on a remote tropical island that's governed with an iron fist by the ruthless and sadistic Edmund Rackham (superbly played to the deliciously slimy hilt by Richard Johnson) who lives on the island with the feisty Amanda Martin (a winningly spunky performance by the ravishing Barbara Bach) and her unhinged rogue biologist father Professor Ernest Martin (a marvelously dotty portrayal by Joseph Cotten). Moreover de Ross discovers that Professor Martin has control over a dangerous race of fishman beasts who are being exploited as slave labor by Rackham. Director/co-writer Sergio Martino relates the lively and absorbing story at a constant snappy pace offers a flavorsome evocation of the lush and remote tropical setting does an expert job of creating and maintaining a creepy and mysterious atmosphere in the spooky opening third further spices things up with a nice line in dry humor and stages the exhilarating action-loaded climax with considerable rip-roaring aplomb. While the central premise is obviously inspired by "The Island of Dr. Moreau" the story nonetheless is given a great deal of freshness and intrigue because of Martino's artful melding of such diverse elements as voodoo the lost underwater city of Atlantis a rousing mondo destructo climactic volcanic eruption buried treasure unscrupulous genetic experiments and even some exciting rough'tumble fisticuffs between de Ross and Rackham during the thrilling conclusion into an altogether dynamic imaginative and often immensely entertaining whole. The sound acting by the sturdy cast qualifies as another substantial plus: Cassinelli makes for a likable hero Johnson essays his juicy villain part with supremely lip-smacking aplomb Bach rates as a quite fetching damsel in distress plus there are neat supporting contributions by Beryl Cunningham as sinister voodoo priestess Shakira Franco Iavarone as the superstitious Jose and Roberto Posse as surly troublemaker Peter. Giancarlo Fernando's sumptuous widescreen cinematography delivers a wealth of striking visuals while Luciano Michelini's throbbing tribal score hits the funky spot. The amphibious humanoid fishman creatures are pretty gnarly-looking too. An extremely fun flick.
critique2928 After watching the Next Action Star reality TV series I was pleased to see the winners' movie right away. I was leery of such a showcase of new talent but I was pleasantly surprised and thrilled. Billy Zane of course was his usual great self but Corinne and Sean held their own beside him. It was also nice to see Jared and Jeanne (also from the competition) in their cameo roles. Sean's character not Billy's is the hunted and his frustration at discovering new rules in the game is well played. Corinne walks the tightrope well between her character liking Sean's and only being in it for the money. I loved how the game was played right to the last second. And then beyond! Not a great movie but an entertaining one all the way and a great showcase for two folks on their first time out of the gate.
critique2929 This film was filled with great acting great musical sounds that blow your mind completely away. Larenz Tate(Darius Lovehall)"Waist Deep"'06 was a sharp cat with the gals and he soon met his Waterloo with Nia Long(Nina Mosley)"Big Momma's House"2000. Nina put her heart and soul into this role and when she meets up with Darius the sparks fly at first and then there is a sort of hate relationship. The entire cast of actors made this a very entertaining film with plenty of comedy drama and lots of loving and cheating going on. This is a very down to earth film and at the same time shows how everyone eventually has his and her destiny in life and are placed in their little corner of this big world. Great film enjoy !
critique2930 I saw this originally on Channel 4 (UK) and it was a fantastic film that left a great impression on me. However I saw it on Irish TV recently and there was an added narration by Roy Scheider ("we're going to need a bigger boat!"). This ruined the film for me. His droning monologue adds absolutely nothing to the film and if anything takes from the films brilliance. I wonder at the new DVD version that has no Roy (due to legal reasons?) would stop people from buying it. Well believe me the film is much better for it!<br /><br />Cheers<br /><br />Damian
critique2931 Passport to Pimlico is a real treat for all fans of British cinema. Not only is it an enjoyable and thoroughly entertaining comedy but it is a cinematic flashback to a bygone age with attitudes and scenarios sadly now only a memory in British life.<br /><br />Stanley Holloway plays Pimlico resident Arthur Pemberton who after the accidental detonation of an unexploded bomb discovers a wealth of medieval treasure belonging to the 14th Century Duke of Burgundy that has been buried deep underneath their little suburban street these last 600 years.<br /><br />Accompanying the treasure is an ancient legal decree signed by King Edward IV of England (which has never been officially rescinded) to state that that particular London street had been declared Burgandian soil which means that in the eyes of international law Pemberton and the other local residents are no longer British subjects but natives of Burgundy and their tiny street an independent country in it's own right and a law unto itself.<br /><br />This sets the war-battered and impoverished residents up in good stead as they believe themselves to be outside of English law and jurisdiction so in an act of drunken defiance they burn their ration books destroy and ignore their clothing coupons flagrantly disregard British licencing laws etc declaring themselves fully independent from Britain.<br /><br />However what then happens is ever spiv black marketeer and dishonest crook follows suit and crosses the 'border' into Burgundy as a refuge from the law and post-war restrictions to sell their dodgy goods and half of London's consumers follow them in order to dodge the ration making their quiet happy little haven a den of thieves and a rather crowded one at that.<br /><br />Appealing to Whitehall for assistance they are told that due to developments this is "now a matter of foreign policy which His Majesty's Government is reluctant to become involved" which leaves the residents high and dry. They do however declare the area a legal frontier and as such set up a fully equipped customs office at the end of the road mainly to monitor smuggling than to ensure any safety for the residents of Pimlico.<br /><br />Eventually the border is closed altogether starting a major siege with the Bugundian residents slowly running out of water and food but never the less fighting on in true British style. As one Bugundian resident quotes "we're English and we always were English and it's just because we are English we are fighting so hard to be Bugundians" <br /><br />A sentiment that is soon echoed throughout the capital as when the rest of London learn of the poor Bugundians plight they all feel compelled to chip in and help them by throwing food and supplies over the barbed wire blockades.<br /><br />Will Whitehall who has fought off so may invaders throughout the centuries finally be brought to it's knees by this new batch of foreigners especially as these ones are English!!!! <br /><br />Great tale and great fun throughout. Not to be missed.
critique2932 This movie is still alive and kicking today thanks to the presence of Alan Ladd. This is good in one way because the movie has some interesting things to say but bad in another because everyone who watches it expecting that tough-guy Ladd is going to hoop through his usual paces is going to be mighty disappointed. Without fanfare or introduction Ladd is suddenly introduced in the third reel. True his role is a key one but it's small and likely to get lost in the shuffle. There are many key roles in former newspaperman Martin Mooney's ambivalent screenplay which hits out at all political alliances and quite ruthlessly denigrates Reform candidates. It's the lovely and extremely talented Joan Woodbury who ties the various strands of the wide-ranging story together. Unlike the usual Hollywood production the plot actually proceeds in a series of jumps much like the films later turned out by the French "New Wave" though easier to follow here especially if you are aware that the film's original title was Paper Bullets. Nonetheless some of the film's narrative and character switches are a little disconcerting particularly in the role played by Jack LaRue who has wisely elected to act the part in a strangely non-committal way. One of Jack's best acting jobs ever but no-one is likely to notice alas!
critique2933 What a delightful film...<br /><br />Accompanied by Oscar-winning Composer RACHEL PORTMAN's lush emotional and dreamy music this film remains a pure delight worthy of viewing more than once a year.<br /><br />Incredible casting...<br /><br />Gwyneth Paltrow was perfect for the role of Emma. Toni Collette was great as Harriett Smith.<br /><br />The character who stole the film was MISS BATES!!! She was mesmerizing to watch one finds oneself on the edge of ones' seat just hanging on her every word and laughing hysterically WITH her. One of the most endearing characters I have come across in ages. From one of the opening scenes when she is thanking Mr. Woodhouse for sending "that lovely quarter-hind of pork... PORK MOTHER!!!" she shouts into her daffy and clearly hearing impaired Mother Mrs. Bates (played by Emma Thompson's mother Phyllida Law) who looks forlorn and lost.<br /><br />The comical ways that Emma would avoid the grating Miss Bates builds itself up for one truly gut-wrenching scene at the picnic when Emma insults Miss Bates who takes her cruel dig to her heart. We then see poor Miss Bates stammering and on the verge of tears and just so crushed one can not help but feel one's heart ripped out to her on her behalf. It is a classic scene one to be rewound and played over & over...<br /><br />The ending is right up there with "Sense & Sensibility" and provides one of life's greatest lessons about how one should marry one's best friend...<br /><br />I hope that this film delights you all as much as it has myself.<br /><br />I ADORED it!
critique2934 A beautiful film about the coming of early silent cinema to China. SHADOW MAGIC deftly combines a love story with the drama of the cultural clash between China's ancient traditions and modern Western culture in the form of film. An amazing first film by Chinese director Ann Hu. If I correctly understood Ms. Hu's comments at the 2000 Sundance festival this film was produced as an American film with co-funding by the Chinese government and shot in China. SHADOW MAGIC reminds me of films like IL POSTINO and CINEMA PARADISO - not necessarily in theme or plot but it has a similar feel.
critique2935 Young Warriors (1983) <br /><br />While this is a deeply flawed (and in some ways idiotic) movie the way it continually defies expectations makes it decent viewing for the adventurous sleaze fan.<br /><br />Meet yuppie college student Kevin and his gang of lovable frat boy buddies. In what starts out as a particularly egregious teen sex comedy we follow this bunch of jerk-offs and their antics which involve among other things making pledges tie bricks to their genitals. The movie abruptly shifts gears when Kevin's high school freshman sister is brutally raped and beaten into a coma by a gang of bikers who apparently have nothing better to do. When she dies in the hospital Kevin vows revenge much to the chagrin of his detective father.<br /><br />So far we've gone from Porky's-lite through Last House On The Left territory into what is apparently shaping up to be your typical urban vigilante revenge flick. However Kevin and his gang's portrayal goes from vaguely sympathetic until they become kill-crazed lunatics. It's to the film's credit that it doesn't glamorize the fascist anti-crime rhetoric that Kevin continually spouts while still making it understandable that he would feel the way he does.<br /><br />The mood goes from lighthearted to grimy and downbeat very quickly and by the end it's so over the top and exploitative that it'll leave you incredulous. And that's the strength of this film. You never know what to expect next.<br /><br />At over 100 minutes it's a little lengthy for this kind of fare but you won't get bored. Poorly acted for the most part with cardboard cutouts for characters and some particularly ludicrous situations and rather stupid dialogue this won't be topping anyone's list of forgotten classics anytime soon. I got a kick out of it though and I'm sure anyone reading this knows if they're up for it.
critique2936 It is so gratifying to see one great piece of art converted into another without distortion or contrivance. I had no guess as to how such an extraordinary piece of literature could be recreated as a film worth seeing. If you loved Bulgakov's book you would be understandably afraid of seeing some misguided interpretation done more for the sake of an art-film project than for actually bringing the story's deeper meaning to the screen. There are a couple examples of this with the Master and Margarita. As complex and far-fetched as the story is the movie leaves out nothing. It is as if the filmmaker read Bulgakov's work the same way an orchestral conductor reads a score--with not a note missed. Why can't we find such talent here in the U.S. ? So now my favorite book and movie have the same title.
critique2937 In the film Kongwon-do ui him it features a relatively intimate look into the meaningfulness (as well as general meaninglessness) into the lives of various Koreans; empty people seeking ways to fill themselves enjoying the escapism of nature. From the beginning to the end of the film we observe the fallibility of the various characters; we learn of their shortcomings and their desires the overall complexity captured within human life (and yet the overal simplicity of humanity). Although the film is slow-moving it can be very contemplative. It does not force any ideas but allows the ideas to come about themselves it allows the concepts to reveal themselves.<br /><br />The film ends as well and as suddenly as it begins and one truly understands the meaning of aloneness that love is often an act of selfishness and the many mistakes that we make. It is a look into everyday life very well and beautifully done.<br /><br />If you are looking for action or for intense drama this is not the film for you. However if you enjoy honest original and meaningful films that are not forced and without glitz this is a great film to watch.
critique2938 This movie is powerful. I watched this movie at 3:00 am and I was suppose to be at work at 6:00 am needless to say I was late to work. I could not bring myself to get up off my bed to go to work. This is the most powerful movie that I have seen in a long time. And that made me cry and feel the pain of the family. I think Emilo did a wonderful job of directing this film. I agree with the previous comments from other views that this is the only movie that I have seen that has brought the war home and showed what a family had to go through what a veteran went through. It is almost heart breaking to think that back then people just thought you could come home from a life changing experience and be the same person you were before you left. Kathy Bates reminded me of my mother in a way. I believe she really showed how women felt and acted back then. I am surprised that this film wasn't up for more awards.
critique2939 I lived in Tokyo for 7 months. Knowing the reality of long train commutes bike rides from the train station soup stands and other typical scenes depicted so well certainly added to my own appreciation for this film which I really really liked. There are aspects of Japanese life in this film painted with vivid colors but you don't have to speak Japanese to enjoy this movie. Director Suo's tricks were subtle for the most part; I found his highlighting the character called Tamako Tamura with a soft filter making her sublime a tiny bit contrived but most of the directors tricks were so gentle that I was fully pulled in and just danced with his characters. Or cried. Or laughed aloud. Wonderful. A+.
critique2940 this movie is awesome. sort of. it dosent really say much or do much but it is an awesome movie to watch because of how stupid it is. the high school is taken over by evil ms.togar that hates the one thing that all the students love rock& roll. riff randle get everyone tickets for the ramones show and this movie peaks with a take over of the school led my riff randle & the ramones. this movie has everything a bad script questionable directing bad actors(ie clint howard & p.j. soles) an awesome soundtrackextreme campyness these elements & much more come together to make this what it isa classic.<br /><br />note - during the live ramones set notice that darby crash of the germs is in the front of the crowd. neat-o.
critique2941 Believe me I wanted this series to work but the early departure of Kevin Kilner dealt a near death blow after season one. Robert Leeshock just wasn't right for the part and Jane Heitmeyer did an admirable job as lead but the series just got too messy and confused at that point. I don't know what happened in Season Five what a mess. Sometimes its time to drop the red cape and just stick the sword in the bull if you know what I mean. The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict. If not for their talents and well-written dialogue they would have been two weird bald man-chicks in a B-movie series.<br /><br />If only this series could have ended at season 4 and picked up later by SyFy...
critique2942 Worst movie of all time? Wow whoa now. You cannot be serious.<br /><br />Maybe it's all about what you expect a movie to do to you. I live in Oregon so I got to enjoy the beautifully-filmed shots of familiar yet still amazingly beautiful Smith Rocks and other areas in Central Oregon (as well as the sweet cameo of our own Ken Kesey and Ken Babbs looking down on baby Sissy's cradle at the beginning of the movie). Those alone were enough to spur me to give the movie a better than "average" score.<br /><br />Or .... Maybe it's all about what expectations you have. Having read the book AGES ago and thinking to myself "goodness no one could ever make a movie out of this interesting quirky weird book ... especially 20 years later when mores (MORAYS -- can't put in the accent mark online) have changed" -- I was actually quite pleasantly surprised when I first watched the movie when it came out in 1994 and even liked it more today watching it again.<br /><br />Sissy was exquisitely cast and I don't care what you all say I was also pleasantly surprised at Rain Phoenix's and John Hurt's performances. I am not a lesbian nor bi nor trans but have met many folks who are similar to the folks they were supposed to portray -- and those "real" folks kinda acted the same way as these actors acted. Stilted a bit stage-ey -- always a bit "on." Gus Van Sant is one weird native Oregonian but by garsh he done a good job adapting this crazy book IMHO.
critique2943 I saw Dick Tracy when I was very young. I didn't know who any of the actors were and I didn't know the movie would turn out different than the way it was previewed. I sure loved it though.<br /><br />Warren Beatty stars as the crime-fighting 1930's detective Dick Tracy who goes after the biggest mob bosses in the city. This time Big Boy Caprice (Al Pacino) has killed a very powerful man and is out to take over the city with his singer girlfriend Breathless Mahoney (Madonna) who has her eye on Tracy. It becomes even worse because a new criminal is invading and the worst part is: this criminal has no face. He or she is very unknown. Plus the famous villians are back from the comic book collection.<br /><br />I thought that this movie was very colorful and creative. It was entertaining and fun to watch especially as a child. Warren Beaty was just like James Bond of the 1930's the way he played Dick Tracy.<br /><br />An ensemble cast of the film includes: Charlie Korsmo Glenn Headly William Forsythe Dustin Hoffman James Caan Ed O' Ross Tommy Lee Jones Mandy Patinkin Charles Durning. Plus More!<br /><br />Dick Tracy is a movie for all ages and is a fun movie for a family to enjoy. Take my word for it.
critique2944 Milo is an overlooked & underrated horror flick from the late 90's but the feel and atmosphere is more that of an 80's horror flick. Seems a bunch of little girls are taken to "see things" at the office of Milo's father a gynecologist and as a reward for getting to see what's there in jars (yes a gynecologist plus something else...) one girl plays "doctor" with Milo. Hmm his first patient and he lost her. Now Milo is a creepy little kid that always wears a yellow rain slicker rain or shine and he talks funny....but that's not all that's strange about him. Fast forward to the present where these girls are adults and there's a wedding planned for one of them but tragedy strikes and leaves one girl that came in from out of town with a choice of whether or not to replace her friend as a school teacher which she does. And then strange things begin to happen again. Which of course involve this little kid in a rain slicker. This isn't overly violent or graphic but has a distinct creepiness that you don't find in many modern horror flicks and it's well worth seeing. One wonders why it's so hard to find any good horror flicks in this day & age but here's one that's criminally overlooked and definitely worth your time if you check it out. 8 out of 10.
critique2945 For those of you who are not aware with the theme that Kusturica continues to explore intermittently in his films--the Western assault on traditional Serbian values--it will be impossible for you to understand his narratives. This continuous theme expressed through fantasy and outrageous comedy as its vehicle is one that Kusturica has elected to mandate. Since his fantastic work and Magnum Opus 'Underground' Kusturica's films' 'Black Cat White Cat' 'Life is a Miracle' and recently with 'Promise Me This' his slapstick carnivalistic style underscores the 'westernization' of Balkan culture its ambivalent arrival and assault on the traditional idiom. In the case of 'Promise Me This' the paradoxical world of city (urban space) and village (traditional idiom) space are contrasted. The world of the city reflects western attributes that have ensconced the spatial and temporal setting; organized crime sexual exploitation a ruptured sense of identity and vehement disregard for traditional values--as expressed toward the young kid--villager. The end of the film further exemplifies this notion as we observe a funeral mass and wedding on a one-way dirt road. They are on a collision coarse; appropriately the wedding which represents the lifeline and pulse of the village i.e. traditional values are about to collide with the funeral mourners exemplifying the death of tradition within this context. Yet Kusturica brilliantly examines this theme through his own unique stylistic singularity. With his outrageous and flamboyant style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal.
critique2946 Probably Bigas Luna's finest achievement for it achieves a delicate balance between sleaze eroticism and surrealism. The delicious Mathilda May who spent most of Tobe Hooper's "Lifeforce" in the buff is the object of young Biel Duran's pre-teen lust. He can't get May's breasts out of his mind and wants so badly to suckle them and suckle the breasts of his own mother too. His pursuit of May IS the film. As in Luna works such as "Lulu" and "Jamon! Jamon!" the director brings a slightly warped sexual sensibility to his strange but beautiful tale. The usual suspects will be offended but those with open minds will enjoy this frothy erotic poem to the female breast. JosÃƒÂ© Luis Alcaine's images are gorgeous and Nicola Piovani's score is sweet and rich. A gorgeous cinematic confection with a delightfully anarchic sensibility that the Spanish do so naturally.
critique2947 I didn't expect much when I rented this movie and it blew me away. If you like good drama good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them you'll love this movie.<br /><br />Engrossing!
critique2948 I see it when I was 12 year old and I dream to see it again !<br /><br />What marvelous Sammy Davis Jr singing "it ain't necessarily so !"
critique2949 A Classic Hollywood Biopic is the best sense of the genre. Gooding and DeNiro both give spectacularly heartfelt performances in the two leads roles and the supporting cast is uniformly excellent with standout performances by Carl Lumbly and Michael Rapoport. <br /><br />The only "nit" I might pick is that Theron's role was unnecessary & distracting (not her performance which was fine it's just that the film seemed to add two unnecessary scenes to accommodate her role.)<br /><br />Aside from that the characterizations dynamics and action of the real-life story are riveting and unforgettable. The evolutions of the main characters and how what they experience evolves their beings are uniquely characterized by the performing artists. Despite the movie's extreme length the pacing stays intact throughout. The score is also terrific.<br /><br />Us this a predictable Hollywood film? You bet. So Mike Leigh addicts should subtract a star but everyone else should enjoy mightily.
critique2950 I saw this with few expectations and absolutely loved it! Bend it like Beckham is a fairly typical coming-of-age movie about a fairly atypical girl. This is Parminder Nagra ("ER")'s breakout role playing Jess a teenager in England who is caught between her traditional Indian family and her love of football (that's soccer to us North Americans). And even though she's actually much older than her character she plays the role pitch-perfect.<br /><br />This is a movie about friendship - specifically Jess's friendship with Jules (Keira Knightley) her teammate who is also going through family issues especially with her mom who wears purple nail polish and little bows on her shoes and who wants Jules to be more feminine wear lacy underwear and flirt with boys and is terrified that playing sports means her daughter is a lesbian. Jules and Jess both love playing the game and have issues trying to convince their families to let them go after their dreams. They also unfortunately both love the same man - Joe their coach (played by Jonathan Rhys-Meyers). The love triangle causes some strain in their friendship.<br /><br />In some spots Bend It Like Beckham falls into clichÃƒÂ©s. In others scenes drag on far too long and this movie probably could have benefited from overall tighter editing.<br /><br />But this was a refreshingly fun film about growing up culture clash and the love of football. It's about female empowerment chasing your dreams and supporting your friends. Funny charming and fun Bend It Like Beckham is the little film that could... and did.<br /><br />Excellent. 8/10.
critique2951 This was a wonderful little American propaganda film that is both highly creative AND openly discusses the Nazi atrocities before the entire extent of the death camps were revealed. While late 1944 and into 1945 would reveal just how evil and horrific they were this film unlike other Hollywood films to date is the most brutally honest film of the era I have seen regarding Nazi atrocities.<br /><br />The film begins in a courtroom in the future--after the war is over (the film was made in 1944--the war ended in May 1945). In this fictitious world court a Nazi leader is being tried for war crimes. Wilhelm Grimm is totally unrepentant and one by one witnesses are called who reveal Grimm's life since 1919 in a series of flashbacks. At first it appears that the film is going to be sympathetic or explain how Grimm was pushed to join the Nazis. However after a while it becomes very apparent that Grimm is just a sadistic monster. These episodes are amazingly well done and definitely hold your interest and also make the film seem less like a piece of propaganda but a legitimate drama.<br /><br />All in all the film does a great job considering the film mostly stars second-tier actors. There are many compelling scenes and performances--especially the very prescient Jewish extermination scene towards the end that can't help but bring you close to tears. It was also interesting how around the same point in the film there were some super-creative scenes that use crosses in a way you might not notice at first. Overall it's a must-see for history lovers and anyone who wants to see a good film.<br /><br />FYI--This is not meant as a serious criticism of the film but Hitler was referred to as "that paper hanger". This is a reference to the myth that Hitler had once made money putting up wallpaper. This is in fact NOT true--previously he'd been a "starving artist" homeless person and served well in the German army in WWI. A horrible person yes but never a paper hanger!
critique2952 Call it manipulative drivel if you will but I fell for it. Sure there could have been more character development. Yeah there could have been better cinematography and less of a constant "movie of the week" score but Ed Harris was impeccable Cuba Gooding adorable and touching and let's face it people in real life how many of us really get to know the motivation of others. Not many. We did get a little glimpse into the coach's motivation (a very provocative dialog in my opinion not to be soon forgotten) so in my opinion this was a lovely tribute to one human being who broke out of his "comfort zone" to reach out to another human being and in the mean time touched the lives hundreds more. A lesson we all need to me reminded of. Why is it that the right thing to do is so often the hardest thing to do? I recommend this beautiful little movie to anyone with a heart. You won't be disappointed. And bring your Kleenex. 8/10
critique2953 This is probably one of the best thrillers I have ever seen. It has action but not this bullet-flying good guys - bad guys van damme - stallone action but quick realistic and nervous action it has a plot cause till the very end of the movie you don't know how this is gonna end it has characters aidan quinn donald sutherland and ben kingsley are just perfect and it has suspense this movie just won't let you go away before you've seen the end of it.<br /><br />Though there are only a few characters I didn't find it difficult to keep my attention the the story and as for the story it's basic (not too tom clancy-difficult but simple and raw) and realistic.<br /><br />If you're in for a movie with a good story some action and great acting watch this and I promise you won't go away till you've seen the end of it. The very end of it.
critique2954 Melissa Joan Hart shines! This show is amazing!! There is no match. Except for maybe Melissa in Clarissa Explains it All. She was marvelous in that too. This is SO much better than Buffy the Vampire Slayer. This show is WONDERFUL!
critique2955 Wow! Where to start?<br /><br />This adaptation of Sarah Waters' third novel is one of my all-time favorite movies!!!!!<br /><br />I'm not to big on fiction novels (seriously I NEVER read fiction) but the book is just as FABULOUS as the film! Or should I say the film is just as FABULOUS as the book?! I JUST LOVE THIS STORY!!!!!<br /><br />Anyway I put off watching this three hour long film (2 part series on DVD 3 part series on TV/book) for about a year and half. It simply did not look that interesting...BOY WAS I SO WRONG! <br /><br />I became immediately immersed into the rich and suspenseful plot...utterly enthralled! Just like the book you cannot stop watching/reading. It grasps your attention for the entire 3 hours...and when it does end...you wish it hadn't.<br /><br />The story just flows so beautifully and you'll be wondering where the time went.<br /><br />The lesbian subplot was just icing on the cake! The parts I love most are the subtle facial expressions and glances/eye contact between the two characters. You really feel their desire for one another and yet they cannot act upon it.....until they must. <br /><br />May I point out that the "lesbian theme" is an important part of the film obviously at the heart of the film is a genuine unexpected love story but it is most certainly not what the whole movie is about. For me that's what makes this story so unique and intriguing. I've never read or heard of anything like it. Sarah Waters is pure genius!<br /><br />The twists and turns it takes leaves you hanging on the edge of your seat. Seriously! My hands were clasped on to my couch with every surprising plot twist and I even yelled out several times ("OH MY GOD! NO WAY! THAT DID NOT JUST HAPPEN! DID IT?")...I NEVER do that!<br /><br />The only negative thing I have to say about this film is that I wish they'd added more from the book. But obviously having the adaptation be restricted by time they couldn't add everything that I would've liked. How awful it is though...I think I'm just being brutally selfish now...forgive me. <br /><br />The last 20 minutes does seem a little rushed. However they put all the important bits in where even if you only watch the film and choose not to read the book you will be most satisfied with the outcome. <br /><br />The actors are just SUPERB! BRILLIANT even! Sally Hawkins (Sue) and Elaine Cassidy (Maud) have such great on screen chemistry they steam up your television set. Simply electric! The emotions...the desperation...the struggle each of them feel is expressed seemingly effortless by these wonderfully talented actresses. Rupert Evans plays such a good bad guy as Gentleman. I found myself seething every time he came on screen but loving it because he's just so damn cute and somehow still charming even though you want to wring his neck. Imelda Staunton gives yet another fantastic performance as Mrs. Sucksby. She's such a warmhearted actress you cannot help but love her...even when the character she's playing isn't as delightful. Everyone else in the cast were perfect! They really represented the characters well and were just as I imagined them to be after reading the book.<br /><br />This is a must see for any film buff! Actually ANYONE and EVERYONE should see this movie AND read the book! Chances are you won't be disappointed!<br /><br />10/10 stars from me! There are only four other films I have given that same rating too. Its very rare for me to actually enjoy a film so much that I give it 10/10. This is one of those films. Fingersmith is truly a masterpiece!
critique2956 This movie was Hilarious! It occasionally went too far but isn't that what we expect from them? The theater roared with laughter and ooooooed at all the incredibly crazy stunts. It's rude crude and occasionally frighteningly intense. The whole gang is back and even more out of their minds which in turn provides for some great entertainment. I don't want to give anything away but the little snippets of clips going around the net are nothing compared to what comes after. <br /><br />This is a great movie to go see with friends. Try to see it with a big crowd. You will not be disappointed. Just don't go with anyone who can't take it (see above). It will not go over well you can be sure of that. But that's pretty obvious in the first place. If you enjoyed the first one you will loooooove this one.
critique2957 I think this film has much to recommend it particularly an especially sinister performance by David Morse and a more than passable performance by the always worth watching Mr. Foxx. Although there are a lot of holes in the plot and the motivation is very very hard to follow in some cases all in all it makes for a nice time in front of the tube.
critique2958 A very interesting plot of the film based on the novel "Waltz into Darkness" of the writer Cornell Woolrich. It is a drama rather than a film noir which tries to send a message that love changes your own life i.e. your love to any person and the love you received from him/her. A wealthy man really changed his life for love while his partner finally understood that he was the only one that loved her. Belmondo played well as usual while a somewhat still young Michel Bouquet played his eternal role of a detective or police agent. Frankly Bouquet was not so impressive in this film but less than that was the performance of Catherine Deneuve. She was not so convincingly in her role as a prostitute then lover/wife of Louis MahÃƒÂ© (Belmondo). For those who like to visit the world the film offers the occasion to see part of the Ascension Island and also Lyon city in France.
critique2959 Well no I tell a lie this is in fact not the best movie of all time but it is a really enjoyable movie that nobody I know has seen.<br /><br />It's a buddy cop movie starring Jay Leno and Pat Morita(Mr Miyagi) with some fluff story about a missing car engine prototype or something but that doesn't matter. the reason this movie is fun is because of the interaction between the two leads who initially dislike and distrust each other but in a shocking twist of fate end up becoming friends. The whole culture difference thing is done quite wellin that it's fun to watch it's completely ridiculous but in a cheesy and enjoyable kind of way. The soundtrack is coolonce again in a cheesy 80's kind of way it suits the movie I've been trying to find one of the songs for ages but as I'm working from memory of what I think a few of the words were i can't seem to find it.<br /><br />Another thing this movie has is the most fantastic pay off of any movie ever but I won't give that one away oh no! In conclusion I'd take this movie over 48 Hours\most of Eddie Murphys output including Beverly Hills cop and whatever buddy junk Jackie Chan or Martin Lawrence have to their names. If you're looking for a buddy cop movie and are getting fed up with "straight white cop meets zany streetwise black cop" give this a shot. You might be pleasantly surprised cos this turns the whole formula upside down with "straight Japanese cop meets zany streetwise white cop".<br /><br />I'm giving this 7. to be honest I like it more than that. I'd rather watch this than a lot of stuff I'd give 8. But I guess I know deep down that it's some sort of insanity that makes me like this movie.
critique2960 Riding Giants is an incredible documentary detailing the history and stories of three influential big-wave surfers Gregg Noll Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton. Stacy Peralta did an amazing job taking on the role of director and should be congratulated for doing such a brilliant job. The structure of the film is edited brilliantly and works perfectly with the narration interviews animation and surfing footage. The music soundtrack just adds to the overall satisfaction of watching this film making Riding Giants brilliant viewing. Personal highlights include any of Greg Noll's comments what with his straight-to-the-point frankness Laird Hamilton's footage at Teahupoo and the out-takes at the end of the movie. But really this entire film is one big recommended highlight that comes highly recommended if you have the opportunity to see. It's a shame it isn't more well known but it is a gem deserving of attention. 10/10
critique2961 Brotherhood of Satan is one of the most underrated horror films of all times.Why it hasn't achieved a cult status is beyond me.This is a chilling tale of terror and witchcraft which contains one of the most powerful and disturbing climaxes in the annals of screen horror.In the small American town some children have disappeared and their parents been violently murdered.What is the cause of hysteria?The film is really eeriesome scenes are genuinely unnerving and definitely not easily forgotten.The suspense never lets upthe acting is really goodand the climax is bizarre and disturbing.Check out this forgotten gem of satanic horror.Absolutely recommended.
critique2962 Let us begin by saying that this film's English title "The Power of Kangwon Province" is an absolute misnomer.It is because in Hong Sang Soo's filmthere are no actual shots of warstroubles and conflicts.So the idea of establishing power of a province is neither suitable nor valid in the context of this film.If we were to judge this film by its Korean language title"Kangwon-do ui him" is going to appear as a cryptic statement about emotional turmoils of its young protagonists whose minds are not at rest.Hong Sang Soo has also directed a highly prolific visual document about erratic choices made by people in their lives.The people in question are a couple of young girls who are constantly in the process of displaying their moodswhims and fancies. If making a film out of nothingness can be claimed as a film maker's meritorious virtue then Hong Sang Soo has to be saluted as a courageous film maker whose films speak volumes about ubiquitous nothingness of human relationshipssentiments and lives.Whether one likes it or notthis is the only fair conclusion that be deduced from this particular film.
critique2963 I have seen this movie many times and i never get sick of it. it is about a man coming out of the closet that he doesn't know he is in. Kevin Kline's character is a teacher and when one of his former students announces Kline's character is gay the people in his town start to speculate whether he is straight or gay. Kline's character starts to wonder if he is straight or gay too. The acting is absolutely fabulous and hilarious by all the cast. I found the movie very funny and heart-warming. i love this movie it makes you laugh and makes you feel good while watching it. i recommend this movie to everyone you will have a great time watching it.
critique2964 I'm a big fan of fan of film noir and this film by Otto Preminger easily stands as one of the best that I've seen! Preminger has reunited two of his stars from the hit 'Laura' - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews for an entirely different sort of crime film. Laura was based around love and this film is based around hate; as we watch police detective Mark Dixon a copper already suffering scrutiny from his superiors for his heavy handed tactics accidentally kill a suspect and try to pin the murder on a known criminal; a man by the name of Tommy Scalisi. The plot is brilliantly worked and Preminger excellently balances several plot points; but it all comes back down to the main moral implication surrounding our main character. The fact that the film is set in the criminal underground means that the plot is given an excellent base to work from and director Otto Preminger expertly captures the sleazier side of life by showing the main characters gambling beating one another (and their women) shooting and more - and this also helps to offset the film from the earlier 'Laura' which was very much set in upper class society.<br /><br />The role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews one of the most interesting parts of his career. Here we have a character that is difficult to like as he's so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives ensures that he's easy to sympathise with and that allows the audience the ability to plug into his plight. The character development is well timed and as we've follows this character and his motivations throughout the film; everything makes sense by the end. His co-star is the beautiful Gene Tierney who isn't given as much to do in this film as she was in Laura; a film that made Tierney its linchpin. She does well with what she's got however and the lead duo's chemistry is excellent and Tierney helps to complete every scene she's in. I can't say that this is a better film than the earlier Laura; that's a hard act to follow but this film certainly fits into the film noir formula better than Preminger's earlier film. The film also makes a good comparison piece for Laura; as just about everything in this film is opposite to the 1944 movie yet it's all strangely familiar. Highly recommended to all!
critique2965 I've seen three of the Animatrix episodes and this is my favorite of all of them. The Second Renaissance provided a flimsy back story to the already flimsy universe. Program was a stylistically impressive number it just felt kind of silly. I guess what gives this one it's special touch is the direction from Shinichiro Watanabe director of the incredibly popular (and for good reason) series Cowboy Bebop. It has some of the best elements of Bebop: slick sci-fi adventure a no-nonsense slightly apathetic hero working for hire a bounty-head (more or less) and a chase scene all wrapped up in an excellent film-noir packaging. Watanabe's Tarantino-style slickness comes through here full throttle.
critique2966 While it comes no closer to the Tarzan of Edgar Rice Burroughs than say the Johnny Wiesmuller flicks did it does have it's own peculiar and entertaining slant on the story. Its a well done Tarzan movie. Nice scenery good photography workable continuity and a Tarzan yell that echos the one described by Burroughs. The players all perform well. The only bad points I found were I think related. It moves slow in places. That slow movement? Makes this picture to long. It could easily have been 15 to 20 minutes shorter which I think would have helped with the natural flow of the plot line and the character development. But the rest of the film works well enough to carry it over these two rough spots and still leave the viewer satisfied with the flick. Short version of all the above ... Its a very GOOD Tarzan movie.
critique2967 In the Citadel film series book The Films of Gene Kelly Anchors Aweigh is described as a kingpin of a musical. I sure can't do better than that. It's such an important film in both the careers of Gene Kelly and Frank Sinatra. Kathryn Grayson didn't do too badly with this either.<br /><br />Louis B. Mayer had lent Gene Kelly out to Columbia where Harry Cohn had an inspiration to let Kelly choreograph his own numbers and because of it Cover Girl became a classic. So if Mayer didn't learn a lesson producer Joe Pasternak did and allowed Kelly artistic control. When Anchors Aweigh was finished Fred Astaire at last had a dancing rival for monarch of cinema dance.<br /><br />The main number everyone talks about with Gene Kelly here is the dance with Jerry Mouse. Originally Kelly wanted to do the number with Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse but Disney wasn't lending Mickey out to nobody. Mickey would have to wait until Who Framed Roger Rabbit to do an outside film. Not to worry because MGM had it's own animated rodent one half the team of Tom and Jerry.<br /><br />Kelly as dancer always strived to do something new and different on screen as did Fred Astaire. For the next dozen years these two were allowed all kinds of artistic control and were praised for their work even if the films themselves weren't up to snuff. It was like each inspired the other to bigger and better creativity Kelly for MGM Astaire for MGM and any number of other studios. In Anchors Aweigh Kelly got Sinatra to dance a bit. In fact Frank Sinatra always gave credit to Gene Kelly for showing him how musicals should be done as he gave credit to both Burt Lancaster and Montgomery Clift for their help in earning him is Oscar for From Here to Eternity.<br /><br />When Frank Sinatra had half of his contract bought from RKO by MGM he insisted on a little artistic creativity on his own. He'd become friends with the songwriting team of Jule Styne and Sammy Cahn. In his autobiography Sammy Cahn tells about how Sinatra insisted that they write his songs for this film. Louis B. Mayer gave in and the team wrote some really fine ballads for him to sing. One of my favorite Sinatra numbers comes from Anchors Aweigh I Fall in Love Too Easily. Frank sings it accompanying himself on the piano at an empty Hollywood Bowl. It's Sinatra at his best. <br /><br />With Jule Styne and later with Jimmy Van Heusen Sammy Cahn richly earned the title of having put more song lyrics in Frank Sinatra's mouth than any other person. They were lifetime friends and Cahn always credited Sinatra with this milestone boost in his career.<br /><br />On a bet Styne and Cahn said they could write a song just using a chromatic scale. They proved it in Anchors Aweigh when Kathryn Grayson put her soprano to work on All of a Sudden My Heart Sings. She also did some classical numbers.<br /><br />Here singing in fact is the basis of the plot. Two sailors on leave through a combination of circumstances meet up with Kathryn Grayson and her orphaned nephew Dean Stockwell. Trying to fix her up with Sinatra Kelly says he can get her an audition with Jose Iturbi. They spend the film trying to accomplish just that. <br /><br />My only disappointment in Anchors Aweigh was that Pamela Britton who plays the waitress 'Brooklyn' never got a number herself. She had gotten rave reviews from her performance as Meg Brockie in Brigadoon on Broadway and that's what brought her to Hollywood. I have a suspicion she had a number that was cut and somewhere in MGM's vaults it might still be.<br /><br />Anchors Aweigh is a great example of why musicals just aren't made any more. All that creative talent was under contract to Metro-Goldwyn- Mayer. If you had to pay market value for it the cost might retire some third world country's debt.<br /><br />But the film results would be extraordinary.
critique2968 Expectacular THE ATOR's second part!! Directed rapidly by JOE D'AMATO specialist in all kinds of subkinds(subgenres) of exploitation and interpreted again by MILES O'KEEFFE. the budget of the movie debio to be derisory or minimal. In spite of not being a better movie of his antecesora not mas entertained ATOR 2 either it has something something that makes it enterteining. His introduction you prop it explains ATOR's origin to us with images of the first part. The script is incredible is like any comic-book of the brilliant ROY THOMAS. has so fantastic elements inside dle world of the SWORD and such FANTASY as invisible men black gentlemen cannibals - monkeys ... the role of the villain this one interpreted brilliant. The final this struggle very well. lacking mas violence and blood but this one well. Never it becomes boring. It has everything what there was lacking ATOR 1. Be charmed with to my me!! 4/5
critique2969 Very tightly written acted and filmed. Violent but not too much so. Whoever edited this knew exactly what he wanted to portray. There isn't a wasted scene in this movie. "The Usual Suspects" was superb ensemble acting; this is a collection of outstanding individual performances. I rarely buy movies but this one is worth owning.
critique2970 Monstervision was a show I grew up with. From late night hosting with Penn and Teller to the one the only Joe Bob Briggs. The show kept me up Friday nights back in my high school years and provided some of the best drive-in memories to ever come outside of the drive-in.<br /><br />Without a doubt the best late night television ever. If you didn't stay up you were missing out.<br /><br />I know John Bloom and Joe Bob live on but I want them back where they belong...MONSTERVISION! Question...did anyone else sit through all 4 hours of "The Swarm" ? q:)<br /><br />Long live Monstervision!
critique2971 Hilarious clean light-hearted and quote-worthy. What else can you ask for in a film? This is my all-time number one favorite movie. Ever since I was a little girl I've dreamed of owning a blue van with flames and an observation bubble.<br /><br />The clichÃƒÂ© characters in ridiculous situations are what make this film such great fun. The wonderful comedic chemistry between Stephen Furst (Harold) and Andy Tennant (Melio) make up most of my favorite parts of the movie. And who didn't love the hopeless awkwardness of Flynch? Don't forget the airport antics of Leon's cronies dressed up as Hari Krishnas: dancing chanting and playing the tambourine--unbeatable! The clues are genius the locations are classic and the plot is timeless.<br /><br />A word to the wise if you didn't watch this film when you were little it probably won't win a place in your heart today. But nevertheless give it a chance you may find that "It doesn't matter what you say it doesn't matter what you do you've gotta play."
critique2972 I am very impressed with the acting in Comanche Moon. Before I started watching this I wasn't expecting it to be as good as Lonesome Dove. I couldn't believe how well the actors were chosen to represent all the characters. It blew my mind how well they played each role! This was in my opinion almost as good as Lonesome Dove. Its hard to compare any film to Lonesome Dove. If you don't make that comparison I would give this a thumbs up. It was very entertaining! I don't post many comments on this site but I just felt I had to get my opinion out there. Amazing! I don't want to go off naming every actor who was brilliant because I would probably have to list every single one. My favorite was Steve Zahn. He hit the nail on the head playing Captain Gus. His mannerisms were perfect.
critique2973 As a movie THE ITALIAN JOB is ok at best; good (not great) acting<br /><br />nice visuals and pacing a mediocre plot but nothing bad enough<br /><br />to walk out on. But as a car commercial for the new breed of MINI<br /><br />Coopers this film is spectacular!<br /><br />*SPOILERS*<br /><br />Ok it's a typical heist film with the odd twist (the underwater safe- cracking was nice if not improbable) and the cast was fairly solid<br /><br />(with the exception of a putrid Wahlberg) but when it all came<br /><br />down to it the real "stars" of this picture were the three MINI<br /><br />Coopers in all their high-flying speed-racing ramp-jumping<br /><br />bullet-taking gold-lugging shiny new glory. The audience I was<br /><br />sitting amongst actually "ooed" and "aahed" when Theron's little<br /><br />red number first hit the screen (strangely enough neither she nor<br /><br />Wahlberg garnered the same reaction).<br /><br />The film starts out promising. Mos Def Seth Green Donald<br /><br />Sutherland Edward Norton and Jason Statham all begin as an<br /><br />interesting and humourous band of characters with the only real<br /><br />uninspired performance being that of the usually good Mark<br /><br />Wahlberg. Why he claims this is his best film I can't imagine; his<br /><br />character is completely one-note and he plays him so blandly it<br /><br />was as if Mr. Rogers came back from the dead and was inhabiting<br /><br />his body. Charlize is fine as Sutherland's daughter though<br /><br />nothing magical. Seth Green's character is perfect and the<br /><br />running Napster jokes (including a cameo by Napster founder<br /><br />Shawn Fanning) are hilarious; he and some of Mos Def's early<br /><br />lines add some much needed sparks of humour. Unfortunately<br /><br />Edward Norton and Donald Sutherland don't get near enough<br /><br />screen time.<br /><br />You can see most of the plot coming from a mile away and the<br /><br />dialogue is rife with bad one-liners and give-aways but I doubt the<br /><br />filmmakers were out to re-invent the wheel here so taken as a<br /><br />typical action/suspense flick it comes out alright. Worth seeing on<br /><br />cheap night I'd recommend.<br /><br />7/10. Not worth it's weight in gold but makes for nice fillings.
critique2974 Having discovered the Ring trilogy I have been greedily gobbling up all those other Japanese and Korean films that are either on or following the bandwagon.<br /><br />I don't have an easy definition of horror but this film certainly pushed some of my buttons even though I can't claim that the film makes a lot of sense. I'm squeamish so there were several points in the film when I just didn't want to watch what was happening on screen. The film unnerved me so I became apprehensive of seeing things that I thought I was going to see.<br /><br />It's an imaginative film offering a great deal visually. It also provides food for thought. And plenty of material to argue about when the film is over.<br /><br />The characters are well-defined to say the least. Could they make films like this in the West?<br /><br />So it doesn't make sense in the end but when one has an appetite for the occult the supernatural the bizarre the otherworldly then no film is going to deliver a final all-explaining pay-off.
critique2975 Atlantis was much better than I had anticipated. In some ways it had a better story than come of the other films aimed at a higher age. Although this film did demand a solid attention span at times. It was a great film for all ages. I noticed some of the younger audience expected a comedy but got an adventure. I think everyone is tired of an endless parade of extreme parodies. A lot of these kids have seen nothing but parodies. After a short time everyone seemed very intensely watching Atlantis.
critique2976 This is a movie that has all the basic elements of its genre. It makes you wanna cry it makes you laugh it disgust you it makes you angry etc. <br /><br />The topic of the story is fortunately not about some disease or drugs what is the common trend in gay themed movies in these days but it focuses on the social interactions between characters what could be considered not to be in the high school elite. The play and the direction could be a little bit more sophisticated but on the other hand it's somehow better so because it really shows the distress of the characters that they are experiencing. If this was intended then this is a remarkable job and assuredly an achievement specially for such an young director. <br /><br />It's actually a good story that gives you a little inside into how it is to be a fat girl and to acknowledge it to yourself.
critique2977 A really great movie and true story. Dan Jansen the Greatest skater ever. A touching and beautiful movie the whole family can enjoy. The story of Jane Jansens battle with cancer and Dan Jansen love for his sister. Of a important promise made by Jansen to win a gold medal to prove his sister Jane was right to believe in his talent in speed skating was justified. This picture is well worth the time. I wish they would make more films of this quality. Thank you for a great film with excellent actors and an excellent story. It is a very touching story about a beautiful family support and faith for their children and a special dream for their youngest son and his sister.
critique2978 I don't think I need to tell you the story. For it has been told for years and years. So I will just share my feelings. I first saw Cinderella was when I was five years old. From then on I was a Disney child in a good way. The animation now seems childish and old fashioned but that is part of its charm now. Now in the age of High School Musical and computer generated images it seems like people have forgotten the genius and magical essence of early Disney movies. Thankfully I was born before that so I was introduced to this classic. And it seems no matter how old I get I turn back into that five year old watching it on VHS. Which is the true magic of Disney.
critique2979 I really enjoyed watching Hell to Pay. I've been a fan of Westerns for as long as I can remember and this one reminded me of a lot of the Westerns from the 1960s (even though I was too young to have seen them in their first run). The one thing that bothered me about the movie was the constant music. It was distracting at times. One thing I did notice and I wonder how many other fans of Gunsmoke noticed was the name of Buck Taylor's character. It was a play on Doc Adams' name from Gunsmoke. Instead of Gaylan Adams Buck Taylor used Adam Galen. I wonder if that was his choice or Chris McIntyre's? Anyway I would recommend this movie to fans of Westerns. Don't expect anything too "deep". Just plain old entertainment.
critique2980 I don't know what Dick steel was talking about but I found this film to be one of Japan's most thrilling epics to date. As for Armageddon or Deep Impact or for that matter The day after tomorrow is pale in comparison. For what I know of films most of the catastrophes in films are basically run of the mill asteroid flicks or one of which of Global Warming. This how ever ran a different course. A course of natural means where the earth's crust is beginning to erode to such a degree that it will take another piece of land with it for the ride. What the scientific teams had to do was create a way to stop the erosion from going to far and Sinking Japan altogether. In most cases this would simply be called tectonic shifting on steroids. I found the characters rather appealing in every way from the child who lost her mother only to face her own demise among unfamiliar friends. Or the rescue girl who does all the she can to save lives in the face of disaster. Or a man who thought he could change her mind not to be such a dare devil and go with him to safety only to become the hero himself and save his homeland. And let's not forget how the rest of the world just shucked them all back only to be forgotten by having the world turning their backs on the Japanese citizens who cried for help. This was a great movie in all aspects. What Dick is trying to say is that this movie was not Hollywood made that it was made in Japan that it had characters which rival other actors around the world that the effects are very gorgeous as he mentioned but it's all he was waiting for and nothing else. He lacks the vision of what's important to everyone and why this film had every element of feeling of grandeur and of humanity. I thought this film was top rate and I have seen many disaster films to know that Japan Sinks was possibly one of the most original and well thought out projects I have witnessed. I really hope Shinji Higuchi will make another of such films. Oh and by the way I am not Japanese though in many ways I wish I was. I am Canadian born and raised. And an avid movie buff in all aspects. Predjudicial visions are bitter and not worth the effort to be recognized as an opinion. Dick you should watch it with a more open heart and mind don't just look for the eye candy which makes a films content look for what's more important and understand it. They may not be American but the Japanese have cornered the market lately for some of the most breath taking and down right gritty film making to date. Which is why spending 25000000 is just what the Doctor ordered. You heard right 25000000 to make this film. Now you tell me was it worth it? or was it worth it because American actors weren't in it?
critique2981 A great suspenseful thriller the acting is first rate and the plot keeps you guessing. This well performed and directed movie is based on a true story and well worth while Joe Penny is cast extremely well and Ann Gillian is convincing as the concernened and terrified sister. Joe again prove he's acting ability is amazing and the ending well done. Its worth watching I hope they repeat it soon on any channel I will definitely record it. For Penny and Gillian fans it's worth your time. Rent it if you can better still try to buy it I going to. Perfect early nineties thriller watch this<br /><br />movie it's great.
critique2982 This is essentially a variation on House Of Wax in both the plot and the type of role played by the star of both movies Vincent Price.In both pictures he plays a talented artist who is sent toppling over the edge into insanity when his creations are usurped by otherless talented and less scrupulous people .In this movie he plays a designer of illusions for stage magicians who aspires to set out on a performing career himself only to be frustrated when another illusionist the Great Rinaldo (John Emery)insists that he honour his contract and give him first choice of any illusions he designs.Price is already ill disposed towards Rinaldi as his former wife is now a paramour of Rinaldi. He deploys his talents as an illusionist and as a brilliant mimic to avenge himself upon Rinaldi and others who thwart his plans for recognition as a performer and a designer.<br /><br />Price is pretty much the whole show here and gives a well judged star turn as a wronged man whose predicament earns audience sympathy.The rest of the cast are competent if colourless and the weight of the whole venture falls on Price who carries the burden with ease .<br /><br />Good solid B Movie melodrama  this is a crime movie rather than a horror picture and is enjoyable providing you don't expect a masterpiece .Shot in black and white it is low on gore and is best seen as melodrama and enjoyed for the presence of its star giving an idiosyncratic performance
critique2983 Born Again the Limerick: <br /><br />If a man could come back from the dead <br /><br />And live in a little girl's head <br /><br />Revenge he would get <br /><br />For the murder he met<br /><br />By the guy that's now in his wife's bed.<br /><br />For me Born Again is a highly under-rated classic episode that makes up a part of what defined The X-Files for me before I started watching it. I saw a few segments before when the show first came on and I was much too young to watch it such as parts of The Jersey Devil but I very specifically remember watching this episode as an 11 year old and being absolutely creeped out by the scene where they guy gets choked to death by the bus and then the hypnosis scene with the little girl. I tell you I couldn't sleep for weeks! For this reason the episode has a special aura about it now of the creepiness factor that I have since grown to enjoy. Its enough to let me look past some of the obvious flaws in the plot such as why the girl had to wait until she was 9 before her previous life spirit really began to exact his revenge. Or what she was doing just randomly sitting on a bus in the middle of the night. You'd think her parents would have been worried. And maybe they were we just don't really see that part of the story. And was was with the telekinesis? Other than adding the really cool Carrie factor to the already creepy story there really wasn't any kind of good explanation for it. But even with its little flaws in my mind this is a classic episode and has little to no reason for me to not like it. 10 out of 10.
critique2984 Three words: Piece of Art. This film is just great. It's beautiful sad frightening and thought-provoking at the same time. The score constantly stays in my head the acting is wonderful the scenery scary and beautiful at the same time.<br /><br />It was more by chance than on purpose that I saw this movie. At the time I decided to watch this movie I was just bored and read lists of Asian films which maybe good. Well I saw the title "A tale of two sisters" which sounded very interesting. Then I read the summary of the plot and decided "You don't just watch this film you've gotta buy it". Said done. I bought this film and was hooked from the very first minute.<br /><br />The plot kept me interested from the beginning till the end; the twist near the end of the film made me scream. I really didn't see something like this coming. And the ending scene made me cry...it just made me cry. It was so sad.<br /><br />Well I recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a film that combines an interesting plot with scary scenes and atmosphere. Although you should be aware of the fact that the ending is as I mentioned before a very sad one. But this just fits in the mood of the film doesn't it?
critique2985 A CRY IN THE DARK <br /><br />A CRY IN THE DARK was a film that I anticipated would offer a phenomenal performance from Meryl Streep and a solid if unremarkable film. This assumption came from the fact that aside from Streep's Best Actress nomination the movie received little attention from major awards groups.<br /><br />Little did I anticipate that A CRY IN THE DARK would be such a riveting drama well-constructed on every level. If you ask me this is an under-appreciatted classic.<br /><br />The film opens rather slowly letting the audience settle into the Chamberlain's at a relaxed pace and really notice that at the core they are an incredibly loving simple family. Fred Schepisi (the director) selects random moments to capture of a family on vacation that give a looming sense of the oncoming tragedy while also showing the attentive bliss with which Lindy (Streep) and Michael (Sam Neill) Chamberlain care for their children.<br /><br />While the famous line "A Dingo Took My Baby!" has become somewhat of a punchline these days the movie never even comes close to laughable. The actual death of Azaria is horrifyingly captured. It is subtle and realistic leaving the audience horrified and asking questions.<br /><br />The majority of the film takes place in courtrooms and focuses on the Chamberlain's continuous fight to prove their innocence to the press and the court which suspects Lindy of murder.<br /><br />The fact that it is clear to us from the beginning that they are innocent makes the tense trials all the more gripping. As an audience member I was fully invested in the Chamberlain's plight... and was genuinely angered and hurt and saddened when they were made to look so terrible by the media. But at the same the media/public opinion is understandable. I loved the way the media was by no means made to be sympathetic but they always had valid reasons to hold their views.<br /><br />The final line of the film is very profound and captures perfectly the central element that makes this film so much different from other courtroom dramas.<br /><br />In terms of performances the only ones that really matter in this film are those of Streep and Neill... and they deliver in every way. For me this ranks as one of (if not #1) Meryl Streep's best performances. For all her mastery of different accents (which of course are very impressive in their own right) Streep never loses the central heart and soul of her characters. I find this to be one of Streep's more subtle performances and she hits it out of the park. And Neill an actor who has never impressed me beyond being charismatic and appealing in JURASSIC PARK is a perfect counterpoint to Streep's performance. From what I've seen this is undoubtedly Neill's finest work to date. It's a shame he wasn't recognized by the Academy with a Leading Actor nomination to match Streep's... b/c the two of them play of each other brilliantly.<br /><br />More emotionally gripping than most films and also incredibly suspenseful... A CRY IN THE DARK far exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend that people who only know of the movie as the flick where Meryl screams "The dingo took my baby!" watch the film and see just how much more there is to A CRY IN THE DARK then that one line.<br /><br />... A ...
critique2986 Saying a film is depressing isn't necessarily a bad thing. I'm very willing to watch a depressing film if there is a point to be made and this one certainly has one. It's the often heartbreaking story of a Chinese man and his family as they experience many years of both hardship and plenty. BUT I must warn you that this might just be about the most depressing film to come out of Hollywood in the 1930s--because peasant life in China was TOUGH to say the least. Be prepared to watch segments about famine death and disease.<br /><br />About the only negative other than the persistent tone of misery is that the lead is played by Paul Muni. While he was an exceptionally talented man it's just a real shame that Hollywood always cast people of European descent to play Asian leads during this era. If you are paying attention at all it's pretty obvious that Muni is wrong for the part.
critique2987 Well what can I say this movie really got to me it's not so bad as many say I really loved it although the idea seems so simple and rather boring it isn't. First of all I enjoyed the soundtrack (Bryan Adams) it really goes with the movie. Second the simple story and the drama of Spirit gets your attention. One thing I like the most is that they didn't give the stallion a human voice to interact with the other horses it makes the movie more realistic not many animations seem realistic now do they ? but... I don't know making animals talk is just so... lame.<br /><br />One of the most beautiful animations of 2002 in my opinion I recommend it to everyone not just the kids :) because it is very relaxing.
critique2988 Now after watching The Advent Children twice the storyline isn't as shallow as majority has criticized it to be in my opinion. If you haven't played FFVII or disliked it for whatever reason this movie is most likely not for you. Being familiar to the original story is a prerequisite to understanding AC fully otherwise you will just see the greatest CG animation in your life so far.<br /><br />Without actually spoiling the storyline I must admit that after seeing AC we have been putting pieces together with my friends relying on our knowledge of FFVII. Seeing it second time allowed to actually pay attention to the story more and most of the questions we may have had were answered. Some were not. AC is clearly for FFVII players/fans and doesn't honestly try to be anything else. There is little to none realism in it outside FFVII world which serves the purpose. Music is mostly reconstructed FFVII themes with a heavier touch (TBM team according to end credits) and works well with the eye candy without exceptions. I found the music enhancing the experience added to the visual fireworks in all situations.<br /><br />We all know you can't put a FFVII in 1.5 hours and keeping that in mind the storyline actually offered more to me than I expected. There are two issues at hand in FFVII : AC and both stories were wrapped up very smoothly between the action sequences. And trust me when I say there's a lot of it. Action that is.<br /><br />I'm changing my vote from 9 to 10 after watching it the second time because I had missed a few explanatory sequences I couldn't put together the first time that provided some answers. As a warning it's going to be easy to disregard the story and concentrate on graphics but try not to judge the Adevent Children because of that. If you don't let the story in it's no wonder it seems sloppy.<br /><br />I'm not going to praise the graphics because I assume we all know they are awesome which might be an understatement. Especially characters talk so much more with their facial expressions than ever before. I hope you pay attention to the storyline for it actually makes sense and works well with the whole. Get ready for the ride of your life there are no breaks.
critique2989 One of the most pleasurable aspects of movie viewing is to get lost in a film. To have it totally wash over you so that you absorb it as it is and thus experience it to the fullest. Every time I see it 'The Egyptian' is such a film. Over the years it is a picture critics have loved to hate. Many have thrown darts at its vulnerabilities. But perhaps it is because of the very tone the film brings with it rather than its most obvious characteristics. It is at once forbidding remote possibly dangerous; beware of what lies within! The haunting chords of the music seen over the 20th-Fox logo usher us into titles of other-worldly turquoise lettering.<br /><br />Strange! Archaeological! Decadent! It is as if we are descending into some vault of antiquity wherein might be great treasures mixed with uncertain hazards. (One might imagine Darryl Zanuck commanding: 'Make it ancient!') Then what a darkly dramatic story unfolds all within the same tone set at the start.<br /><br />Of Hollywood's mid-50s 'Egyptian Trilogy' 'The Ten Commandments' portrayed the civilization's sternness the phenomenal 'Land of the Pharaohs' its nuts and bolts while 'The Egyptian' shows it all from glamour to tragedy for us to wonder at.<br /><br />No need to say much about the players here but I think that with the passage of time Bella Darvi is being redeemed. What a perfect face for the role right out of a Symbolist painting. If her acting does not please some it might be argued that in her role as a 'courtesan' she is obviously better in bed than yakking to some poor helpless admirer. I think that Curtiz captured the kinkiness of her sado-masochistic relationship with Edmund Purdom's character with aplomb censorship being what it was at the time. Sir Peter Ustinov in his memoirs was pretty kind to 'The Egyptian' writing that it was 'like being lost in a huge set for 'Aida'. His pronunciation of the word 'beer' I have adopted myself ever after.(One of the film's historically accurate references: the Egyptian's invented beer!) Henry Daniell egads what a perfect performance. Gene Tierney what a screen treasure. Bless DFZ for giving her this 'late' role. C'mon folks don't be so hard on Victor Mature! He's a cheesemaker's son! Who rose to be pharaoh! Sounds like a peculiarly American opportunity. One of the best moments: John Carradine's existential observations on the sands of time. And Purdom's utterance about dwelling beyond the sunset of the world. If that isn't Grade 'A' epicness what is?<br /><br />Of course along with everything else the music is sublime. It is frequently noted that Alfred Newman and Bernard Herrmann created one of the screen's most compelling scores perfectly harmonious yet each theme is well developed with a life of its own. Newman pressed for time by DFZ called in Herrmann someone he could trust implicitly to take up half the burden.<br /><br />Benny not the easiest guy to work with obviously respected Newman enough to really deliver inspiring music. They alternated cues an ingenious approach. No spoilers as to who did what here but Benny brings an edge with him mysterious awesome sounds. Alfred brings fulsomeness longing poignancy. Both are consummately epic. Even when seen on a squeezed TV print the effect of seeing the two composers' names side by side in the main credits which the ultra-wide anamorphic screen could comfortably accommodate is spine-tingling.<br /><br />Leon Shamroy the Dean of CinemaScope does not let us down here. The lurid greens and moody shadows (probably distortions in all the terrible TV prints I've seen through the years) perfectly accompany the multi-dimensional script (by the great Philip Dunne and WB vet Casey Robinson whom Curtiz must've brought with him to 20th). How remarkable it is that Shamroy who was as much of an institution of cinematography at Fox as Newman was with music would lens 'Cleopatra' a few years later but in the brighter sharper images of '60s Todd A-O. These old studio guys are really heroes of mine.<br /><br />To me who wants to fret about all the imperfections and criticism opportunities in a picture like this? I'd rather yield entirely to its spell and dive off into its sea of lavishness to emerge after the inspiring climax of 'The End' refreshed moved and hungry for more.<br /><br />And yes we should cry out to 20th-Fox for a DVD release worthy of DFZ's legacy.
critique2990 This is one of THE century's best tv-series ever with all the great suspensestoryand a cast of absolutely fantastic actors and love and grief that really gets you involved and captivated in front of your tv. If you have seen it once you will go back to see it again. I have several times and still do it. The 20 th century's best drama.
critique2991 This movie is finally out on DVD in Italy (completely restored). I have seen this movie so many times and I find it even actual these days (2003) when Italy suffers again from a sort of brainwashing dictatorship (or the US for that matter). I am glad there are outcasts as the one played by Mastroianni in this movie who can sing out of tune; maybe they can teach the Sophia Lorens of this world how to be strong and fight to be recognised as human beings.<br /><br />Back to the movie: as most people here already mentioned the acting is wonderful but the audio background is astonishing. I must assume that unfortunately something is lost if you don't understand the Italian language but I can assure you that the show-off of machism the distortion of reality in that ever-present radio-chronicle of the Hitler visit to Rome can really make you shiver!<br /><br />A masterpiece!<br /><br />
critique2992 First I did like this film. It was well acted by all.<br /><br />However I don't understand comments I hear from people about a surprise ending. I knew nothing about this movie going in except a few "gotta-see" recommendations but I knew where the plot was going in under ten minutes. (I won't mention what clued me in so as not to spoil a good film for others.) Still despite it seeming obvious I kept watching. It was nice to see how everything played out filling in the details and the character motivations in later scenes.<br /><br />I don't hate it when I guess the ending early in a film. I only hate it when the road to resolution is lined with boring scenery.<br /><br />Will Smith's screen persona is just likable even when he's playing such a troubled character. He's energetic and believable in everything that I've seen him do. Seven Pounds is another fine performance.<br /><br />Rosario Dawson is a solid performer portraying a quirky rather upbeat character despite a terminal heart condition. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and with Rosario if you don't find her gorgeous you should think about replacing your eyes.<br /><br />It was nice to see Woody Harrelson back on the screen. I haven't seen him much lately but that could just be me. Woody didn't have a tremendous amount of screen time but he sold his jolly piano-playing blind man character for all it was worth. Excellent.<br /><br />A cursory bit of research on the box jellyfish tells me that its venom is cardiotoxic neurotoxic and dermatonecrotic. I would think this makes it a questionable choice for both pet and plot.<br /><br />Overall I have to recommend this film not for the plotting but for some very good performances and for the fact that it tends to evoke some of the tragic emotions that we generally try to avoid.
critique2993 The author of "Nekromantik" JÃƒÂ¶rg Buttgereit's second feature film "Der Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. Centered around a chain letter originating from a group called "The Brotherhood of the 7th Day" the movie shows 7 episodes each consisting of one day during one week where suicide is approached using different characters and situations all the while the letter is making it's rounds. Do not touch this one if you like Hollywood movies or musicals enjoy happy or even remotely "normal" movies or expect a movie to be good only if it is focused on stage acting.<br /><br />The nihilistic avant-garde approach of Der Todesking well explains why Buttgereit's movies in general were banned in Germany their native country of origin during the 80's and most of the 90's. Der Todesking is not really focused on the characters appearing on-screen but the meaningless apathy or depression most people's lives consist of in general. Buttgereit does not find reasons to go on living only reasons to stop and in choosing how and when you die you can also be the king of death Der Todesking.<br /><br />Buttgereit's movies are generally difficult to categorize and Der Todesking is no exception. Featuring the same crew and almost the same cast as all other of his movies "art film" would probably be the closest description every time. Der Todesking features an original method to shoot create the mood and handle the central object in almost every scene. During one scene the camera slowly continuously pans in 360 degree circle while a person lives in a small one-room apartment for a day. During another Buttgereit uses sound and film corruption to depict the collapsing mental state of a man while he dwells in his desperation. During a third seemingly pleasant scene names ages and occupations of actual people to have committed suicide are shown on-screen supposedly warranting the ban in Germany for this particular movie.<br /><br />Episode movies (and especially this one as the scenes are only vaguely connected) generally suffer from incoherence and Der Todesking is no exception. While all episodes have the same focus of inflicted death and it's consequences or subsequences in all it's variations there are very powerful episodes yet an episode or two might even seem like filler material partly draining the overall power of the movie - still the the jaw-dropping immensely powerful intermissions depicting a decomposing body manage to keep the movie together and cleanse it from it's more vague moments back to the status of greatness. The general atmosphere is baffling awe-inspiring highly depressing and sometimes even disgusting - so much so that dozens of people left in the middle of the movie during a theater showing in a film festival I took part of.<br /><br />This is one movie that does leave a lasting impression and I strongly recommend it for anyone looking for a special experience and something they will definitely remember in years to come. Not recommended for the faint of heart or show time fans this is a small different movie that truly raises feelings in the audience. Whether it be confusion amazement or even hate you aren't likely to be left cold by this in my opinion the best achievement of this small indie crew.<br /><br />The main theme of the movie "Die Fahrt ins Reich der MenschentrÃƒÂ¼mmer part I-III" was released in a limited 666-piece 8" vinyl edition which is now much sought after. You still can get the classical masterpiece by getting "The Nekromantik" soundtrack CD which I highly recommend. The Lo-Fi synthesizer music in the movie is dark and quirky almost illbient-like makes an essential part of the movie's atmosphere and is something you would very very rarely hear otherwise. Much recommended!
critique2994 Writer/Director/Co-Star Adam Jones is headed for great things. That is the thought I had after seeing his feature film "Cross Eyed". Rarely does an independent film leave me feeling as good as his did. Cleverly written and masterfully directed "Cross Eyed" keeps you involved from beginning to end. Adam Jones may not be a well known name yet but he will be. If this movie had one or two "Named Actors" it would be a Box Office sensation. I think it still has a chance to get seen by a main stream audience if just one film distributor takes the time to work this movie. Regardless of where it ends up if you get a chance to see it you won't be disappointed.
critique2995 Just two comments....SEVEN years apart? Hardly evidence of the film's relentless pulling-power! As has been mentioned the low-budget telemovie status of 13 GANTRY ROW is a mitigating factor in its limited appeal. Having said that however the thing is not without merit - either as entertainment or as a fright outing per se.<br /><br />True the plot at its most basic is a re-working of THE AMITYVILLE HORROR - only without much horror. More a case of intrigue! Gibney might have made a more worthwhile impression if she had played Halifax -investigating a couple of seemingly unconnected murders with the "house" as the main suspect. The script is better than average and the production overall of a high standard. It just fails to engage the viewer particularly at key moments.<br /><br />Having picked the DVD up for a mere $3.95 last week at my regular video store I cannot begrudge the expenditure. $10.95 would be an acceptable price for the film. Just don't expect fireworks!
critique2996 I wonder how many MINI Cooper automobiles were sold thanks to this movie? It couldn't help but add to the sales of this little car which is featured in this film along with an attractive cast.<br /><br />This is a very very entertaining heist-and-chase film. It features a "cool" cast with Mark Wahlberg Charlize Theron Edward Norton Seth Green and Jason Statham.<br /><br />The best chase scene is right at the beginning with a boat pursuit in Venice Italy. The film doesn't overdo the violence has a pretty intelligent script (with a few short exceptions). features interesting characters and is nicely firmed. The cat-and-mouse game between Norton and Theron's characters is suspenseful and fun to watch.<br /><br />Once again however we are manipulated into rooting for criminals portrayed as "the good guys." How many times has this happened since the days of "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" in the 1960s? It's twisted Hollywood for you. In here one of the criminals (Norton) stole and killed the leader and father figure (Donald Sutherland) of the gang so he's the worst of the bunch and the film's villain. Also Theron's character is in the typically overblown-feminist mode of Hollywood in which women can do all things (including driving a car) better than a man. A third minor irritation is Seth Green's smug smart-ass attitude which we also are supposed to go along with because it's hip and cool. <br /><br />Despite these hindrances it is an extremely entertaining movie and it also doesn't overboard on the profanity or sex....and yes those little cars are cool. Everyone I've talked to who has seen this film enjoyed it.
critique2997 I saw the second part of this beautiful period piece set on a ship sometime in the 19th century. Golding's book must be responsible for some of the superb dialogue but everything else was good too! I especially liked the way they created the period and feeling of being on the ship so well. For me this had a feeling of completeness about it which I know I won't be able to convey in words... Perhaps it was the way they mixed in technical and historical details about sailing in the eighteen hundreds to the story without messing it up. Benedict Cumberbatch was excellent as was the rest of the cast. It's not often a mini-series sends me to the "zone" but this one did.
critique2998 Recovery is an incredibly moving piece of work handling the devastating effects of brain injury on not only the individual but the entire family. Without resorting to preaching or Hollywood sappy endings Tony Marchant's drama presents a family in crisis in a realistic way.<br /><br />Highest praise goes David Tennant and Sarah Parish for their incredible performances. I had presumed before watching the drama that I would see some of their previous on screen relationship in Blackpool bleed through-- but it never does. Neither actor is recognizable from any previous work and I didn't see either of them as an actor playing a part during the entire 90 minutes. In addition Harry Treadaway's performance as the son just on the cusp of starting his own life in university was fantastic - throughout the piece he shows the torn nature of a teenage boy thrown into the unwilling role as man of the house<br /><br />At times nearly every character in the drama is unsympathetic. As the viewer I wanted to give each of them a good smack to wake up to reality stop moping and start adjusting to the rotten but very present change in their lives. But under the same circumstances I see myself acting like any of them - switching between trying to show the stiff upper lip to desperation to escape to anything including behavior that is completely unlike myself. It's the show's greatest strength - truth without sugar coating to force us all to think what we'd be able to do under the same circumstances.<br /><br />This is a difficult but must-watch show. I hope that it somehow manages to be shown in the U.S.
critique2999 Is Thursday an original film? Heck no but it is a lot of fun! I just caught this buried on the movie channels one night and it was an enjoyable flick. I was expecting much but what I got was some interesting scenes (I really liked the first seen at the convenience store) some amusing stories as told by the characters and a little bit of action thrown in the mix as well. Some good performances from young actors Paulina Porizkova was good and I was particularly impressed with Aaron Eckhart (who has gone on to impress me further in Ã‚Â‘Yours Friends and Neighbours' and Ã‚Â‘Erin Brokovich'). So if you want 90 minutes of easy going fun go ahead and check out Ã‚Â‘Thursday'.
critique3000 She's not Michael Jordan<br /><br />Think of all the marvelous NBA players whose career light has been dimmed for no other good reason than the timing of their birth. Their names might trip as easily off the public's lips as Russell Cousy Byrd Magic McHale Oscar Wilt the list goes on; but the volume gets turned down a little for Stockton and Malone Charles Patrick and all the other great players who always lost the headlines to Michael.<br /><br />I've seen it written that Gretchen Mol's career flamed out in the wake of the cover article in the 1998 Vanity Fair issue which predicted inevitable superstardom for Ms. Mol. It was later said that she had been over hyped. I disagree.<br /><br />I still remember that for some time after I saw "The Devil's Advocate" in '97 or '98 I would get confused as to which actress played Mary Ann Lomax. Was it Mol or Theron? Oh yeah! Charlize Theron was the one in "2 Days in the Valley" and "Mighty Joe Young" and Gretchen Mol was in "Donnie Brasco" "Celebrity" and "Rounders".<br /><br />By the time I had seen "The Thirteenth Floor" (Mol) and "Sweet November" (Theron) I pretty much had them straightened out but I still put them in the same mental file drawer. Both were highly talented had sweet faces similar body types short blonde hair and so on.<br /><br />Theron though was offered more work. I loved her as Sara Deever and as Adele Invergordon her beauty was downright intimidating.<br /><br />In 2003 "Monster" was released and from that point until the handing of the Oscar itself all of filmdom knew who the "Best Actress" award was going to. And deservedly so! Theron was Aileen Wuornos. The only way to get a more accurate understanding of what made the real Aileen Wuornos tick would be to somehow replay the digital video trapped in Selby's head. And for a major talent to make herself that physically unattractive! Unheard of!<br /><br />Then in 2005 "The Notorious Bettie Page" was released. Mol's performance was extraordinary. Maybe she was standing in the shadow of Ms. Theron. It was like the ballroom for the victory celebration for the losing Presidential candidate nobody came and nobody cared. It was viewed as a continuation of an old tale once promising actress with a declining career does a nudie part in a "B" movie. Ho hum! No no no! Wrong! No matter what you may think of the film (and I enjoy films about the fifties) if you pass on this one you'll be missing one of the better performances of that year. Ms. Moll was every bit as much Bettie as Ms. Theron was Aileen. Unfortunately Aileen to the film-going public is the more sympathetic character. For whatever reason an amoral sociopathic killer is less embarrassing to us than a naÃƒÂ¯ve unsophisticated uninhibited religious girl whose most capital crime was to live her life totally trusting and completely exposed. Bettie Page was one of the icons of the fifties. Her photos and films never sexual never pornographic but she presented as a near caricature of all things kinky. There was no sense of realism only parody. Ms. Moll captured the very essence of the character. She gained 20 pounds to add some zaftig to her normally slim figure and when she posed for various photographers in the film her body was Bettie's. Her full frontal lack of any inhibitions accurately fits everything which has been published about Bettie. Cinematic nudity normally depicts eroticism or sexuality. In this film it's all about innocence. Seeing Gretchen/Bettie nude didn't make me want to jump her but instilled a desire to protect her from all the horrors that people can inflict on each other. If you pass on this film you'll be missing out on one of the best performances of recent years. By the way shame on the MPAA for giving this an R rating.
critique3001 Producer Joel Schumacher who also directed "Phone Booth"'02 and many other great films showed in great detail how no one person can really be trained to be a killing machine with out destroying their own personalities and the real fears that a person has to face when going into COMBAT!! Colin Farrell(Roland Bozz)"Intermission"'03 gave one of his best performances and actually carried this entire picture on his back. Matthew Davis(Jim Paxton)"Blue Crush"'02 gave a great supporting role and Shea Whigham(Pvt.Wilson)"All The Real Girls"'03 showed his true acting skills in the role that he played. There was two brief scenes where the soldiers were able to find some hot romance on a short leave in the local town and had to pay for their love and sexual desires. One Army Veteran instructor from Viet Nam told the soldiers how to really torture the enemy by using electrical wires in all the wrong places on a human male body. Enjoyable and entertaining film to view.
critique3002 Truly amazing film the concept as a possible prophetic vision of the future is frightening. A world vastly overpopulated unbearable heat due to the damaged ozone layer and all our natural resources spent. In this nightmarish degenerate society we have the great Charlton Heston as a likable film noirish style detective trying to fathom the truth behind a murder opposite the film noir legend Edward G Robinson turning in a fine last performance.<br /><br />One of the images that will always stay with me from this film is the masses of people that populate the stairwells and the way in which Thorne (Heston) has to hop through them every time he uses them.<br /><br />The movie's use of music is note worthy too although it contains no score in the usual sense The opening theme is good and the subsequent snatches of music we here in Simonson's apartment and especially the Beethoven pieces in the euthanasia clinic are outstandingly atmospheric.
critique3003 Mel Brooks is a great writerdirector and actor but once in a while even he can have a klinker. The beginning of this starts out almost basically just meeting one character after another.You have Cary Elwes who's charming and talented but he can't do comedy. His expressions into the camera show that even he can't believe the inanities in the script. Richard Lewis looks bored and distracted throughout without much to do and Amy Yasbeck is stuck in high-school acting mode. Dave Chapelle shows great comedy range mugging and hamming for the camera and Mark Blankfield is mostly stifled in the role of the blind man but then he does still manage to show great comedy range. Eric Allen Kramer doesn't have much to do but the few scenes he does have are binding. The best roles are those of Roger Rees Tracy Ullman Megan Cavanaugh and Brooks for when he does appear. Dom DeLuise has a funny turn as a Mafia Don employing a Clint Eastwood lookalike but on the minus side some of the jokes aren't very funny while some of the really funny ones seem stolen from Mel's other movies.
critique3004 It takes guts to make a movie on Gandhi in India in which he is not shown as a man who could do no wrong.This movie shows how a Mahatma failed to be a decent father(at least in the eyes of his son). <br /><br />The performances are terrific the cinematography fantastic the direction fabulousbut the film drags.If the intention was to make this movie without any box-office expectationswhich i assume is the case herethen its a brilliant attemptbut if the makers were expecting this to be a commercial successthen the film's fate was doomed the day they chose this subject..<br /><br />20 yrs from nowthis movie will be remembered for the brilliant portrayal of Harilal by Akshaye Khanna.He deserves an Oscar nomination for this one..And honestlyhis is not the only performance worth applauding Shefali Chhaya is terrific too..<br /><br />Watch the scene where Harilal hears about his father's death.No dialoguesNo screamingbut a speechless shot by Khanna.Its one of the finest scenes ever shot in the history of Cinema<br /><br />GandhiMy Father is not at all exciting cinema but yesits excellent cinema and a must watch.Brilliant Attempt..
critique3005 This film was released the year I was born and will be like me 70 in 2007. I watched it again last night having not seen it since high school. While it was full of 30's sentiment and the acting was a bit stereotyped nevertheless it was superb. Pearl S. Buck's story did come alive through the magic of the chemistry of Luise Rainer and Paul Muni. The novel which earned Ms. Buck the Nobel Prize for literature comes alive under the baton of Sydney Franklin which along with an excellent script recounts the story of peasant farmer Wang Lung whose father obtains a bride for him a slave girl from the kitchen of a local landlord. In Buck's story Wang's success is underwritten by his willingness to listen to his wife most of the time and the love of the land. In the end he comes to realize that his wife like the land is the source of his wealth happiness and immortality. Buck's stories always had strong women cast in a critical spot to influence the outcome of events in the pre-feminist world. The German-born Luise Rainer brings a tentative but determined Peasant Chinese woman to life in her portrayal of Olan. Muni likewise captures the naive but honorable Wang eventually caught between the two worlds of the wealthy and the peasant. Other classic characters include Charlie Grapewin Dorothy Gale's Kansan Uncle Henry from the Wizard of Oz Walter Connelly as the mewing conniving uncle and Keye Luke as Number One Son-- but this time not Charlie Chan's.<br /><br />A classic might be defined as a movie you can watch time and again and never tire of. If that's indeed the case this film is a classic no doubt whatsoever.
critique3006 Now I have seen a lot of movies in my day but out of every single one there have been a very select few that have been really good to me. And I'm a 19 year old man which is impressed by this movie directed towards a younger audience. This is a very underrated gem for those who watch foreign movies. Almost all the acting is believable the graphics are decent (for which you won't even be caring about as you watch the movie. Trust me bitching about the graphics would be a stupid thing to do) the story is well written and it's a movie that everyone can enjoy not just the kids.<br /><br />Here's basically what this movie made me to. It one made me laugh...a lot two made me feel for the characters like you're suppose to and three it's a very uplifting story. By the end of this movie you will feel good. Sure what anime out there hasn't featured some young kid turning into a great warrior and whatever to defeat some great evil. It's a formula that is used a lot. But in this case it is forgivable because even though they use puppets for some characters and some average graphics you'd see 5 years ago the appearance of it is not to be judged. It's very touching the ending is original and it keeps you into the movie like it is suppose to. If you however try comparing this to other movies like "The Never-ending Story" or whatever it will diverse your opinion. Watch it as it is and you will enjoy it.<br /><br />It has been a good long while since I've been impressed like this. The only other movie where I have gotten this feeling is when I saw TMNT way back when it came out. There is something about this movie I felt about TMNT that really made me love it. So don't over-analyze or take this movie too seriously just enjoy it.
critique3007 I just saw this movie at a sneak preview and all I can say is..."What did I just watch????" And I mean that in a good and bad way.<br /><br />The plot is really simple. Stiller and Black play friends/neighbors. Stiller is the focused hardworker while Black is a dreamer. Black invents this idea to create a spray that erases poo. The idea becomes very popular and Black becomes very rich. The extravagant lifestyle that Black gains and the fact that he still tries to be best friends with Stiller causes Stiller to become crazy with envy.<br /><br />As I said the plot is simple. Everything else is plain odd. The direction is odd with a weird rotating opening shot to out-of-nowhere sped up sequences. The dialouge and the acting is very odd; odd in a rambling sort of way. And the sound track is the oddest thing in the movie from the weird "Envy" song that keeps on reappearing to the scene where you think you're going to hear a classic 80's song but suddenly it's in Japanese.<br /><br />So the true question is this...is odd funny? That depends purely on the individual. I was cracking up at the shear unwavering weirdness of the movie. After the screening I heard people call it horribly unfunny and glad that it was free. Strangely I understood their point. There are no jokes whatsoever so if you aren't hooked by the uniqueness of it all you will hate this movie. Absolutely hate it.<br /><br />This movie is destined to lose a lot of money at the box office and become a DVD cult classic. If you can laugh at a movie with no real jokes like Cable Guy or Punch Drunk Love then I suggest you see it. If you don't run away from this movie. It'll only make you mad.
critique3008 Lovely piece of good cinema. This is one of those films that you see smiling and you do not know why. Well one of the reasons could be that we are before one of the most surprising directors today and he is able to film emotions.<br /><br />When you are watching the film you can feel what Mr. Straight was feeling when he took the decision to go to visit his brother with his "marvellous" John Deere. What changed in his mind? what changed in YOUR mind when you watched this film?<br /><br />A beautiful fraternal love story.
critique3009 Generally I like something light and fun so this film shouldn't have appealed to me. But it grabbed me from the start. The story of a family's choices and challenges seem obvious but it raises the question over and over: "What if it was my family? My choice?" I cried and laughed when they did because I really felt what the people involved felt. It was in places difficult to watch but more difficult to turn away. The story is true and life is sometimes difficult to watch! It shows what film-makers can do without sex violence or special effects: a good story is a good story all by itself. The best and most unpredictable stories are all true ones. Like real life you really don't know what'll happen next or why people do the things that they do!
critique3010 Instead of writing a paragraph I'll give four good reasons why 2001 is the greatest cinema experience of all time: 1) It is a visual Odyssey that could only be told on the big screen. The special effects that won Kubrick his only Oscar are the most stunning effects before that age of Jurassic Park and T2. They allow Kubrick to give an accurate (or at least are the most accurate) depiction of space travel to date. The silence that fills the space scenes not only serves its purpose as accurate science but also adds to the mood of the film (to be discussed in a later point with HAL). The fact that Kubrick shot the moon scenes before the Apollo landing is a gutsy yet fulfilling move. Many have said that upon its original release it was a favorite "trip" movie. I can think of no other movie that has such amazing visuals for its time and even of all time (sorry Phantom Menace fans!) 2) Kubrick's directing style is terrific. As in all his films Kubrick likes to use his camera as means to delve into the psychology of his characters and plots. His camera is not as mobile as other greats such as Scorsese but instead sits and watches the narrative unfold. Faces are the key element of a Kubrick film. Like classic movies such as M and Touch of Evil Kubrick focuses on the characters' faces to give the audience a psychological view-point. Even he uses extreme close-ups of HAL's glowing red "eye" to show the coldness and determination of the computerizd villain. I could go on but in summation Kubrick is at the hieght of his style. 3) HAL 9000 is one of the most villainous characters in film history. I whole-heartedly agree with the late Gene Siskle's opinion of HAL 9000. Most of this film takes place in space. Through the use of silence and the darkness of space itself a mood of isolation is created. Dave and his crewmen are isolated between earth and jupiter with nowhere to escape. Combine this mood with the cold calculated actions of HAL 9000 and you have the most fearful villain imaginable. I still although having see this film several times feel my chest tighten in a particular scene. 4) The controversial ending of 2001 always turns people away from this film. Instead of trying to give my opinion of the what it means and what my idea of 2001's meaning in general is I'd like to discuss the fact that the ending serves to leave the movie open-ended. Kubrick has stated that he inteded to make 2001 open for discussion. He left its meaning in the hands of the viewer. By respecting the audience's intelligence Kubrick allowed his movie to be the beginning not the end of a meaningful discussion on man's past present and future. The beauty of 2001 is that the ending need not mean anything deep it can just be a purely plot driven explanation and the entire movie can be viewed as an entertaining journey through space. No other movie save the great Citizen Kane leaves itself open to discussion like 2001. It is truly meant to be a surreal journey that involves not only the eye but the mind. Instead of waiting in long lines for the Phantom Menace rent a widescreen edition of 2001 and enjoy the greatest cinematic experience.
critique3011 These are one of the movies that don't require any brain or thinking it's a very funny time pass which you forgot in the next hour or so. I was really surprised with John Abraham's acting he usually playing the gangster like character with the emotionless faceso from that to playing the complete opposite and does it successfullyby managing to shine amongst the comic geniuses such as Paresh Rawal and Akshaye Kumar. I was also quite surprised with the Akshaye's 3 girls because there roles don't require much talent but mostly moaning about Akshaye's dissapearence(to the other girls) i was surprised as they managed to establish and actual persona and you could differentiate between them which is a good thing also majority of songs are goodit is colourful and fun so on a boring Sunday evening this will sure lighten your mood.
critique3012 When I was in 7th grade(back in 1977) I was asked to read the novel that this was based on as part of my English class studies. I can remember being very touched by it and excited when a TV version came out a year later.<br /><br />Kristy McNichol was a popular TV actress when this film was produced and was already playing a daughter in a dysfunctional family on the hit TV series "Family". It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part. I recall her as being a bit "stiff" at times but over all she does a good job. She carries the movie well.<br /><br />Esther Rolle is fantastic as the domestic who appears to be the only one in the household that seems to truly care for her. Barbara Barrie as the somewhat frightened and slightly neurotic mother is also good as is young Robin Lively (who would eventually appear as the black widow Lana Milford in "Twin Peaks")as the sweet younger sister who seems to be the focus of the parent's affection. Bruce Davidson is also appropriately appealing as the German soldier of the title<br /><br />The best performance however belongs to Michael Constantine. It is truly powerful and merited more recognition than it got at the time. The bitterness and coldness he expresses makes the scenes in which he appears difficult to watch but makes it much easier to understand the quiet desperation of the rejected daughter. Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.<br /><br />The film differs from the book only in some small ways. It is wonderful and inspiring to watch and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.<br /><br />
critique3013 The sweet is never as sweet without the sour. This quote was essentially the theme for the movie in my opinion. Tom Cruise plays a young man who was handed everything in his life. He takes things for granted and it comes around full swing in this great movie with a superb twist. This film will keep you engaged in the plot and unable to pause it to take a bathroom break.<br /><br />Its a movie that really makes you step back and look at your life and how you live it. You cannot really appreciate the better things in life (the sweet) like love until you have experienced the bad (the sour). The theme will really get you to "open your eyes".<br /><br />Only complaint is that the movie gets very twisted at points and is hard to really understand. I think the end is perfect though. I recommend you watch it and see for yourself.
critique3014 The connection with James Dean?In a short plan we see Emilio Estevez toying with a teddy bear(remember the first scene of Ray's "rebel without a cause").Moreoverthe main conflict is Estevez versus Sheenfather against sonas in "East of Eden".The soldier has come homeand nobody has been able to communicate with him even his sister (a psychology studentwhat a derision).The mothera crude matron (a superb Kathy Bates)gets bogged down in nougatine she 's not able to understand that her values (religionfamily) have become a thing of the pastspecially for someone like his son whose innocence was betrayed. The father an irresolute man under his wife's thumbalthough he tries hard to play the machowanted to make up for the mediocrity of his life .So he saved his "honor" by forcing his son to do his duty.The scene in which Estevez's hatred for his father explodes is very intense.The actor-director gives a restrained performanceinteriorizedas Lee Strasberg's students used to doand his final burst of anger is increased tenfold so.
critique3015 This performance leaves you with no wishes. We saw it in Offenbach Germany and it is breathtaking. We only got the cheap tickets at the far back but still had a view over everything that happened. If you ever get the chance to see this live then GO! It is worth the trip and if I were you I would wait a good half an hour after the show to 'cool down'. The performances are breathtaking and all around the tent there are colourfully dressed performers that are there to distract help smile and generally make the whole tent come alive. The music - live music!! - is as good as the CD-version: perfect! I bought a DVD later but the show that was filmed had less colourful costumes. It's the atmosphere in the tent that sweeps you from your feet. A great trip for old and young and a great film too
critique3016 What can I say it's a damn good movie. See it if you still haven't. Great camera works and lighting techniques. Awesome just awesome. Orson Welles is incredible 'The Lady From Shanghai' can certainly take the place of 'Citizen Kane'.
critique3017 Picture the scene: A bored student with an empty day ahead A video shop with a special offer of 5 video for a week rentals. This ex-student usually just grabbed a pile of videos of dubious quality for the most arbitrary of reasons (The Turning anybody?). Occasionally the odd undiscovered gem did make it into his VCR - this being the case with this film. Everything about the film is good but much more than this the parts all mesh to provide something all too rare - a cracking good film. Why this never got a UK cinema release is beyond me especially when we consider the crap that we have to wade through at the multiplex week on week. Whilst I'll happily accept this isn't Oscar material (but neither was sodding Titanic - schmaltzy cgi-tinged bollocks) it is a an extremely enjoyable film. I was trying to think of a way to describe how best this film should be appreciated/accepted - The perfect film to watch while bonding with your Dad after a coming home for the holidays after a large Sunday lunch.
critique3018 An stunning look at the ocean and the life in it.<br /><br />The Good:<br /><br />The camera work was absolutely phenomenal. Every shot is done beautifully.<br /><br />It was interesting seeing all the different animals that I could have never even imagined.<br /><br />David Attenborough has the perfect narrator's voice. No one could have done any better.<br /><br />The Bad:<br /><br />There were one or two different times where there was a reference to the Earth being 1 million years old ( I hold a different belief). <br /><br />Overall a TV series anyone can enjoy. I highly recommend buying it. 10/10 stars.
critique3019 Some war movies succeed where others do not and that can be judged from a variety of angles. The humanistic angle one where you can feel the raw emotions (the terror of being under attack the camaraderie amongst soldiers the arduous trials people face inside them when in combat etc..) are always movies I find compelling. Movies like Das Boot and A Midnight Clear are but two examples of movies that you sense a connection to the characters in the film.<br /><br />This film succeeds on that level as well. It speaks of "The Highest Honor" and that honor is doing the right thing. These 23 soldiers did the right thing they had honor and it is recognized in a way wholly incompatible with Western thought but it is to the very end a true story of honor. Unforgettable movie. Based on the true story.
critique3020 I saw this movie as a teenager and immediately identified with Reese Witherspoon's portrayal of Dani Trant a 14-year-old tomboy in rural Louisiana circa 1957. She feels that she will never be as beautiful as her older sister Maureen (a now rarely seen Emily Warfield) and feeling out of place in terms of her conservative Baptist upbringing. Then seventeen year old Court Foster (Jason London) the son of her mother's close friend (Gail Strickland) moves in next door Dani experiences her first crush while Court enjoys her company and willful spirit. Dani succeeds in getting her first kiss from him but as soon as he sees Maureen he falls head over heels for her leaving Dani behind. The sisters' close bond is fractured severely by the rivalry that erupts which only deepens when Court dies in a tragic accident. The girls then are made to realize how much they need each other.<br /><br />Sam Waterson and Tess Harper are just perfect as the loving parents trying to balance their daughters' individuality at the same time trying to keep the family together. The beautiful cinematography and the wonderful soundtrack featuring Elvis Presley The Platters and many more contribute wonderfully to the film's atmosphere of a simpler time.<br /><br />A touching coming-of-age film with a timeless message.
critique3021 This little-known comedy from the hit play by Ruth Gordon is a delight. The script based on the play is spicy rich and completely undated. Ditto the cast but I must underline the work of the leading ladyIrene Dunne. Irene is simply superb - as usual - and lights up the screen with every frame she's in (and she's in it a lot thank heaven). In addition director Vidor has given her some unusual close-ups that are mesmerizing. What a gal! I know of no other Hollywood actress from any era who has her versatility and is so convincing in every film. Why she remains so little known is a mystery. I have seen most of her films and this one was a surprise even for a solid ID fan like myself. See it everyone!
critique3022 Ulysses as a film should in no way be compared with the novel for they are two entirely different entities. However that being said the film still manages to maintain many of the elements that made the book work but since it is a visual medium it is more difficult to pull of stream-of-consciousness. I think this is the best film they could have made with the material... and this is from someone that routinely rants about films not being like their literary counterparts. I recommend the book but the movie is still entertaining.
critique3023 To say this film is simply a demonisation of Catholics and a misrepresentation of history is untrue. That is not what this film is.<br /><br />What this film is is a comment on the abuses of the Church (although this could be substituted for any powerful body) the ways that this abuse affects people and families and the way so many people choose to simply allow and often participate in the abuse without thinking for themselves. The fact that it is the Catholic church which is in the wrong is simply because of the nature of the true story the film is based upon. To label this as propaganda against Catholics seems to miss the truth about what the Catholic Church has done at times; its history is often not great and is something that films like this highlight and that needs to be highlighted. Yes we should comment on the abuses committed by other organisations but that is not for the remit of this film.<br /><br />It is an amazing film which brought me to tears and well worth watching - 'if we do not study the past we are bound to repeat it'
critique3024 Ho ho homicidal maniac! This spirited tour-de-force adaptation of a great EC Comics horror tale is undoubtedly one of the best episodes of the cable TV series ever made. Director Robert ("Back to the Future") Zemeckis makes the most out of a witty script by Fred ("Night of the Creeps" "The Monster Squad") Dekker which centers on a ruthless two-timing housewife (well played by Mary Ellen Trainor who was married to Zemeckis when she starred in this episode) who kills her jilted jerk of a husband (a nice cameo by Marshall Bell) on Christmas Eve by whacking him upside the head with a fire-poker. Complications ensue when a deranged murderous madman dressed up as jolly Kris Kringle escapes from a nearby asylum and decides to pay Trainor a decidedly unfriendly visit. Alan Silvestri's spooky stirring score and Dean Cundey's typically polished cinematography further enhance the macabre fun. And Larry Drake (the sweet gentle giant Benny on "L.A. Law"!) with his creepy hiccuping guffaw a demented twinkle in his bright green eyes and a leering truly wicked grin makes for a sensational sanguinary Saint Nick.
critique3025 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3026 An off beat but very delightful performance by John Travolta sets off this very funny comedy. His interpretation of the archangel is as a scuffy womanizing overweight ladies man. And he certainly has a mesmerizing effect on the women he encounters on his trip to Chicago. John Hurt is very low keyed in his role as chief reporter for Chicago Tabloid owner Bob Hoskins. Angie MacDowell plays role much as she did her role in "Four Weddings and a Funeral." Maureen Stapleton is neat in a cameo. Her comment "Michael doesn't suffer fools" is just one of many memorable moments. Bob Hoskins is the only one of the lead performers who fails to connect a little to off the wall. Mainly you're there to see Michael take on a bull mesmerize the waitresses and lady dancers at a western style restaurant and fully demonstrate that he is complete free soul. It is a memorable comedy that is worth more than one viewing.
critique3027 According to me a movie can be best rated by the number of 'best scenes' there are. There are probably at least 80-90 scenes in the whole movie that is probably rated as 'best' by somebody or the other.<br /><br />This movie is a masterpiece. Period. I know many who have called it ahead of its time probably because it bombed at box-office. However I think any generation can relate to this movie and have a good laugh through out.<br /><br />I am personally glad that Mahmood is part of the movie too. His role isn't that 'meaty' however its good to see that he is a part of the cast in the funniest Hindi movie ever.
critique3028 Darr was a Super Hit film which was loved by many peoples. It tells the story of Shahrukh Khans innocent obsession for Juhi who loves Sunny Deol. Honestly it was a entertaining movie but if you look carefully its not too realistic. Shahrukh Khan keeps phoning Juhi and tells her that he loves her too bits. He gives an announcement in college that he Loves her and gives her some nice surprises like beautiful photos of her. Unfortunately instead of being flattered that a guy loves her too bits she gets very very scared. I personally know 100s of people that get pranked by someone and these people enjoy it cos they play a long. Yash Chopra gives us a good film that does entertain widely because of Shah Rukh Khan's character. Sunny Deol is suppose to be the main actor but Darr belongs to Shah Rukh Khan delivering a Superb performance. Shah rukh Khan is literally the villain of the movie but i would of been happy if he got the girl because he loves her so dearly. Sunny Deol gives a decent performance but he beats up all those guys on his own and survives a brutal knife attack. Juhi Chawla is cute as ever in a fairly good performance. Some good songs including Tu mere samne being the best.
critique3029 This film is excellent! Fear of watching documentary movies? Cancel your shrink and watch little Dieter's story. You won't believe how captivating this fine piece of film making is until you have experienced it. I'm eager to say that it even out goes almost any Vietnam war movie including Apocalypse Now. It's a real story it's a personal story a story about the love for flying the dream of being a pilot and the nightmare of being shot down above enemy's territory. All is shot in a "return to..." style - at location Herzog asking the questions Dieter answering them in a memorable German-English accent and with fine remembrance pointing out what happened where about 25 years before. There is this part that I told friends over and over again: bailed out from his US Navy plane Dieter becomes a POW of the Vietcong. Blindfolded for the greater part of the days he is being dragged through the Southeast Asian jungle for miles and miles - on bare feet. Tortured insulted disorientated hungered and covered with infectuous wounds they arrive in a small friendly village to spend the night. The next morning after walking for several hours Dieter discovers someone stole his wedding ring from his finger. That is it. He can take no more. He starts to cry as a result of complete exhaustion. The Vietcong men react surprised. Dieter manages to explain what happened. Immediately the group returns to the village and starts searching for the person that stole the ring. They find the man immediately chop of his finger and return the ring to Dieter. - The movie is full of these mind boggling and surprising situations. The immense cultural differences the clash of East and West the fear of the unknown (i.e. all that stands for America on the one hand the Asian jungle and his secrets on the other) can be sensed the entire movie. Back problems? That's because you sat at the edge of your seat for two hours and didn't notice.
critique3030 The Man in the Moon is a beautifully realistic look at life through the eyes of an adolescent. Director Robert Mulligan magically re-creates screenwriter Jenny Wingfield's autobiography of her childhood with gorgeous cinematography and a haunting lyrical musical score. This film hits home as one of the most powerful and emotionally affecting films in recent times.<br /><br />This film is incredible all the acting first rate especially Sam Waterston and an astonishing performance by Reese Witherspoon in her film debut. You will feel every emotion as this life changing summer in 1957 on the Trant family farm comes to a conclusion.<br /><br />"The Man in the Moon" was a limited release in 1991 and you will love the fact that most of you're family and friends will probably have never heard of it. Buy this dvd and enjoy 100 minutes of pure poetic art. This film is truely the essence of filmaking at its finest.
critique3031 There is an old saying that relates to the rousing new film by Joe Johnston that goes something like this: "The man who thinks he can and the man who thinks he can't are both right." That is a highly presumptuous statement referring to self motivating and belief in an individual which in this movie stand true even after road blocks and family trouble stand in the way.<br /><br />"October Sky" is about a young man who believes in himself named Homer Hickam growing up in a strict traditional family in the 1950's. Homer loves in a small coal mining town where nearly every man grows up to be a miner. All of his friends Quentin Roy and O'Dell all think that their life after high school will be like everyone else's. Homer is not exited about that future.<br /><br />One night while everyone stares at the sky a Russian space craft called Sputnik passes overhead. This is something new for Homer and he finds it spectacular and overwhelming. From this point on his look at life will never be the same.<br /><br />First he tells everyone that he wants to work in the rocket scientist area for an occupation. Flabbergasted at what he says his family passes that idea over their heads and continues with life as usual His friends however think that this idea may have some potential. After all Quentin is a very smart individual when it comes to this kind of thing.<br /><br />When the four friends start to test model rockets and blow a white picket fence to smithereens then what seems to be a forest fire is scared by them they're forced to end their progresses.<br /><br />The performances in this movie are absolutely riveting from start to finish. All of the actors give performances as if this is the real mumbo jumbo here. Standing out in all of the glory: Laura Dern as Miss Riley. This very well may be Academy award material if the judges can remember back to the beginning of the year when this film is released.<br /><br />The characters are also extremely well developed. Not only to the filmmakers give clear apparent reason why Homer is interested in the subject but they also explain to the audience how they are succeeding in their studding of rocketry. We clearly understand all of the characters' motives and beliefs especially the father who is bent over on everlasting tradition.<br /><br />The film unfortunately loses some of its momentum at mid-point because of a silly recycled romantic sub-plot involving Homer's love interest and how his brother stole her from him. This type of this is becoming so awfully common in high-school movies not that this film is aimed at high-schoolers. The actors stare at each other mindlessly like the are in a trance. I put up with it without complaining in 1997's "Inventing the Abbots" but I have had just about enough this.<br /><br />But that is just a minor complaint. With an authentic looking time period cinematography worth an Oscar and clips of the real life Homer and friends at the end whom all hit it big with their dreams especially Homer this is the first great film of 1999.<br /><br />
critique3032 Broadcast News {dir. James L. Brooks 1987} <br /><br />****/**** <br /><br />Although it lacks the emotional punch of Brooks's debut feature (Terms of Endearment) Broadcast News is a superlative film with exceptional performances from each of the three leads and a script that feels as genuine and well-researched as a hard-hitting news report. Let it be known this is a character film first and foremost and a satire second. In my mind it succeeds on both levels on its own terms. The film's characters are given surprising depth and dimension  while the satire remains sly and never bitter. Comparisons to Network are unnecessary because the films have two completely separate goals and attitudes. While also a great film Network is a cynical and weary work; in other words its mad as hell and fed up with the state of television. Network's style of satire feels more extreme and guerrilla. In contrast the characters populating the news rooms of Broadcast News love and live for their jobs (sometimes to the detriment of their love lives.) They derive pleasure from the stresses and satisfactions of news reporting just as the audience derives pleasure from watching this sweet and romantically realistic masterpiece.
critique3033 So neighbor was killing neighbor. Reminds me of Iraq. As I watched the American flag (50 stars in 1864?) being dragged behind the horse I realized why burning that piece of red white and blue doesn't upset me as much as our destruction/indifference to the Bill of Rights. I'm a Southerner and must have some historical memory.<br /><br />Watching the Tobey McGuire character learn to respect the dignity of a former slave as he looks at the scalps of blacks and Germans (his ethnic background) being wagered at a poker game.....was interesting. Many twists in this movie. The wife who is forced into her marriage shows both lust and a strong will characteristics we're not used to seeing in 'respectable Victorian southern belles'.<br /><br />The crazy wacked out renegade southerner gave me some insight into why my cousin head of the Copeland Horse-thieving Gang Inc. in Mississippi was hung about that time. Bands of homeless men were roaming the countryside armed. Remind you of Iraq? And how similar we are underneath the facade of religion and ethnic background? And why southerners are STILL fighting that civil war today.<br /><br />Too bad we can't use that same knowledge in our handling of the country we've just invaded and are occupying fomenting civil war everywhere. That's Mesopotamia now called Iraq who happen to have the misfortune to sit on oil. The wild-eyed killers in Missouri raiding Lawrence Kansas could as easily be the insurgents we're fighting now with no success.<br /><br />Another anomaly was the father's tribute to the Yankees who move into Lawrence and erect a school "even before they erect a church. And for that reason they'll win." Huh????? I was taught history in Birmingham Al and we were taught that the North was much more industrial and richer.....that's why they won. Course they also LITERALLY had God on their side. As you see here when the freed slave indicates that he's cutting out to free his mother sold into slavery in Texas. God what a horrible legacy slavery gave us.<br /><br />Acting pretty good lots of blood and gore as the warriors ride gleefully into battle (but didn't hear any rebel yells so reminiscent of football games in Alabama). You also get a real feeling for how stupid the war was as the bushwackers and jayhawkers gather their forces for another raid. They have lost sight of why they're fighting and so do we. Just more mindless slaughter.<br /><br />You're also brought up to date with the limbless kids coming home from Iraq as the bushwacker (ahh what connotations) first has his arm seared shut trying to save it then has it amputated and then dies. So much suffering for such a stupid cause.<br /><br />The cinematography is fantastic. Now I have to get back to the DVD and get the production notes one of my favorite parts of any movie. I suspect that this movie was written by a Gore Vidal as the spoken language is of a type you would associate with that era if you knew History. The dialogue is definitely thought-provoking. Not your ordinary blood and guts war movie by any means. You see the wounded but still active-duty soldiers still fighting cause they have nothing else to do. You see the southern raiders living off the land stealing indiscriminately. Yet at the beginning you've seen the battle stop so the women could be evacuated from danger. As I read the escalating number of women and children dying in Iraq I'm thinking "Where did we lose our sense of honor as a people?" I have forgotten why I sought this movie out and bought it after 20 years but some book somewhere lauded it. With good reason. Tobey at his best pre-Spideyman. Buy the DVD or rent it. And tell me why others laud this not just liberals cest moi.
critique3034 This is one of the greatest films ever made. Brilliant acting by George C. Scott and Diane Riggs. This movie is both disturbing and extremely deep. Don't be fooled into believing this is just a comedy. It is a brilliant satire about the medical profession. It is not a pretty picture. Healthy patients are killed by incompetent surgeons who spend all their time making money outside the hospital. And yet you really believe that this is a hospital. The producers were very careful to include real medical terminology and real medical cases. This movie really reveals how difficult in is to run a hospital and how badly things already were in 1971. I loved this movie. P.S. - I noticed that the incompetent wheeler dealer surgeon played the head of the firm in LA Law. The young doctor played in Lou Grant. I also noticed that the registration nurse has appeared since in Becker and other shows.
critique3035 Pink Flamingos: A Representation of Society's Past<br /><br />Pink Flamingos a film directed by John Waters in 1972 is a very disturbing portrayal of the negative impact a traumatized childhood can have on future life. Babs Johnson grew up in a very non-typical home. Blatantly you can see the impact this had on society through her actions up to the ending where she engulfs dog feces. Was this film just some sick and twisted perversion of endless gut-wrenching occurrences or was it symbolic of something much deeper? To side with the first would be the easy way out and to the side with the latter might seem demented but possibly true. The film does have some credible resemblance to actual events of our societal past. Every leader that we as people view as `horrible' displays similar characteristics to those of Babs Johnson. Ivan the Terrible Genghis Khan Adolph Hitler and Joseph Staling all had `troubling' childhoods. Babs Johnson had a troubling childhood and therefore is associated in the same class as all of the previous mentioned rulers. That is why a great deal of her actions throughout the film can be seen as disturbing. However were her actions her own fault or society's for letting her grow up the way she did. Furthermore each character in this film represents either a past leader or event. Another coincidence is Edith's obsession with eggs. With an open mind this can be tied into the genocide and Hitler's attempt to annihilate the Jews. Some view Hitler as a genius others a mad man. John Waters must have seen him as a mad man because his representation Edith was indeed mentally ill. Edith's son Crackers and traveling companion Cotton are symbolic of what was wrong in our own backyard slavery. Both names are slang terms that represent a time period that most of us would rather forget. Theses characters are crucial in terms that it points out that in some times our society in America was no better than what we often view as horrendous acts of social onslaught in other cultures. The chicken f**king scene is the epitome of what was wrong in our society in this time period and is still wrong. Chicken is a 1970's slang term for woman. Therefore it might be possible that John Waters were trying to bring out the subject of rape through Cotton and Crackers actions. The antagonist family if a single antagonist can be determined in this film was the Marble's. Marble is often mentioned in association with wealth. Therefore this may be symbolic of the struggle between the poor and the wealthy a fight that still continues on today and will probably continue on forever. Pink Flamingos is a monumental film for its disturbing scenes but should also be noted for its camouflaged political agenda that Waters displayed so affluently throughout its entirety.
critique3036 Alistair Simms inspired portrayal of Miss Fritton transcends drag. It is one of the great comedy characters in film. Equally wonderful is Joyce Grenfell's character - Ruby Gates.<br /><br />This is a movie you should curl up on the sofa with on a wet Sunday's afternoon and be transported to a time long ago when terrifying rampaging school girls only gained our respect - not our ire! I hear that a remake is in the offing with Rupert Everett as Miss Fritton? He will have a hard job competing with the master - or should that be mistress? - Alistair Simms.<br /><br />Go and rent it - it beats so much of what today goes for comedy.
critique3037 I'm certain that people from USA don't know anything about the rest of the world but I think they mustn't talk about what they don't know. And they must remember that the rest of the world is not as hypocrite as the USA. The only places where consented sex between teenagers are illegal are the USA and Islamic nations. In France for instance the age of consent is 15. In Brazil it's 14. In Spain it's 12. So the teenagers actors 16 and 17 years old by the time of production aren't doing anything illegal. Nudity isn't considered big deal in almost all civilized countries. And only a freak could consider a teenagers' love as child molestation.
critique3038 A lot of people hated this movie but that I blame on two facts - 1 - They want it to be too much like the first couple of American Pie movies. and 2 - they are trying to take it too seriously.<br /><br />This one I found was the best one out of all six and I absolutely love Dwight. The plot is predictable I'll say that but then what teen comedy ISN'T? Road Trip Dirty Deeds etc etc they are all incredibly predictable but still goddamn funny! I say this is worth watching I love it I find it hilarious. Just don't watch it while comparing it to the first ones because it's nothing alike.<br /><br />After watching Naked Mile and this one it became obvious that all the American Pie movies were about and only about the Stiflers. Which is FINE by me.<br /><br />Watch. Enjoy. Love. xD
critique3039 Excellent story about teenagers leaders high school football "stars". How far will you go to protect your friends? Lie kill? How much can You lose if you stud by an innocent girl? Can love beat the odds? Can you defeat narrow-minded small town people? When your friend scores and you "lose" will you do everything in your power to make her pay for it or will you be a man about it and respect her right to chose? Will you rape her and show it as your victory over a "problem" girl? Can you stand by the one who's only sin is to have an opinion of her own to be able to make her own decisions to chose for herself? It made me think twice before giving my judgment about who was right and who was wrong but one is for sure - very disturbing movie and theme in general. Thumb up!
critique3040 What makes watching and reviewing films a pleasure is when every once in a while when you least expect it a film like The Cell comes along and knocks your socks off!. This movie is a superb horror that has everything a you could want when you want to be scared out of your witts. Without going into the story all i will say is that it has a great beginning middle and end that keeps you on the edge of your seat while being transfixed with the amazing special affects. The acting is good without being outstanding but that does not matter because the subject matter and the way it is put on the big screen makes this one of the best horror movies i have seen for a long while. It is one of those films that you imagine started as a novel but saying the credits it does not look like an adaptation  so a lot of credit must go to Mark Protosovich the writer. 9 out of 10.
critique3041 This is a wonderful comedy short--one of Keaton's absolute best. Through a long series of silly mistakes Buster is mistaken for a wanted killer. And as a result most of the film consists of him running from the cops and one detective in particular. While generally I am NOT a fan of movies with a lot of chase scenes this one is the absolute best as far as pure athletic and acrobatic ability. I have seen some that have had wilder stunts but none where the star was so limber and able to move with amazing grace. In particular there is a scene where he runs across a table jumps on a man's shoulders and dives up through the transom as lithely as is humanly possible. Plus so many of the gags are funny and perfectly timed such as how he really comes to believe that he's actually killed someone. By the way this film is VERY similar to COPS also by Keaton but original enough and with enough energy to make them both worth seeing.<br /><br />This film is brilliant and the only Keaton short I can think of that I probably liked even more was THE PLAYHOUSE--where Buster plays every role at the theater.
critique3042 I first saw this in the movie theater when it came out and the crowd was really into the movie which made the experience all the more fun. This is a great cast of characters many big names in it a few of which were not as recognized then as they are now. I think it's a great idea if you follow any of these actors or have loved them in other movies to add it to your watched list. Some of the scenes actually remind me of the type of well-done comedy as in The Birdcage or even The Clue kind of odd spontaneous-appearing comedy with some really professional delivery from these beloved actors. The movie did a great job at giving you some insight perhaps even very realistic into the culture of a daytime soap.
critique3043 I am not going to spoil the contents to anyone who has not yet watched this humble masterpiece by Kay Pollak.<br /><br />A world famous conductor brilliantly played by Michael Nyqvist seeks peace from stress by moving back to his childhood village. The villagers who has followed the genius in silence are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.<br /><br />Each role in this movie has a very specific purpose and shows a remarkable potential in each of the actors playing their own chord in short but precise words a symphony of love.<br /><br />Not love in the sense of relationship but in the tone of the spirit deeply buried within each of the characters each revealing their own present story their needs their skeletons desires and much more.<br /><br />I shall not forget to mention the two main parts played by Frida Hallgren and Michael Nyqvist whose dramas are played in unforgettable harmonies of emotional feedback. They touch each other with a pain connected in their own disability to love themselves.<br /><br />Michael Nyqvist is really put to the test here in a very difficult setup in one of those movies that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic. And fantastic it became from start to end not one second less or more than enough you are left with a feeling of change and a taste for more.<br /><br />To this day definitely one of the best movies I have had the pleasure of watching.
critique3044 So Mary and Rhoda have aged--who hasn't? I was a teen when Mary premiered and a "young adult" when it left the air. Yes it was great to see Mary and Rho together and yes maybe the film didn't sustain the comedy of the original series but there were enough moments that recalled the spirit of the series to make this a fitting tribute. Example: the producer who hires Mary and then dictates the idea for a new series about "old people." Isn't this typical of the mentality of present-day Hollywood TV and film "bean counters?" This may not be THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW at its best--but it's a pretty damned good look back at one of the best shows we grew up with in the 70s.
critique3045 Writer-director Dean Bell offered many surprises and engaging moments in this modest yet compelling road film. His dialogue was snappy and his use of very short flashback sequences was especially effective in the film's narrative structure.<br /><br />At the heart of the film is the character of Alice who is running away from her New England past in a desperate effort to get to Florida. Along the way she travels with a pair of eccentrics Bill and Sandra who incredibly make the attempt to groom Alice as a prostitute earning money at truck stops.<br /><br />As a newcomer performing in her first screen role Emily Grace as Alice is sensational. There is not a false note in her character choices. But the film is worth watching above all for the wily yet sensitive character of Sandra as masterfully created by Judith Ivey. There is an especially sly subtext to virtually every moment in which Ivey is on-camera. As a viewer I found myself stopping the tape hitting rewind and reviewing her scenes in order to attempt to discern the psychological subtleties.<br /><br />The film raises the following question about the characters: Are Bill and Sandra good Samaritans or are they an evil pair of Dickensian predators preying upon the youthful Alice? One of the strengths of the film is that it never quite fully answers that question. Alice seems more self-confident than she started out as a result of her experiences with Bill and Sandra. But is she really a better person?<br /><br />Part comedy part road picture and part coming-of-age drama this carefully crafted film succeeds in involving us on many levels.
critique3046 One of the finest movies I have viewed...Good script original plot of a man who is haunted about JFK's assassination when he was assigned to protect him on that Cold November day in 1963. Thirty years later another anti-social lunatic wants to assassinate the current president. The secret service agent loses his partner along the wayto the crazed gunmen who schemeslies and murders anybody in his path who'll stand in his way of his mission. <br /><br />The movie accompanies with a great memorable scoreand a restrained but meaningful romance between Russo and Eastwood....which displays how difficult it is to have a romantic life in that kind of work. Malchovich is greatsure many other candidates could have played the role that he playedbut how many could acted with such craftinessand intellect that he displayed in the movie?<br /><br />Needless to sayI thought this was a great movie...everytime it's on television I have to watch it..and I own it on dvd! I'm a big Eastwood fanthis only boosted his already fabulous careerand Malchovich's best role to date!<br /><br />
critique3047 Wow! I picked this off the rental shelf because I loved Robert Carlyle and Jonny Lee Miller in 'Trainspotting.' This is a phenomenal movie; it has action romance suspense intrigue and wit. When I wasn't laughing I was at the edge of my seat. This is definitely a film I would recommend to people with an appreciation for intelligent dialogue and a fresh perspective of the 18th century. This film has everything to keep ME happy!
critique3048 Well it's yet again a film that plays with your sentiments and you come out all soft as opposed to a rocky film. But I'm a sucker for those so I gave it a good score... the acting was very good and there were a lot of feeling. The violence is kept to a minimal which makes a change. I'd have given it a 9 if it were not for the salute at the end! All in all a good movie with very good actors.<br /><br />
critique3049 I think Lion King 1 1/2 is one of the best sequels ever as if not the best out of the three Lion King movies! In the movie Timon and Pumbaa tell us where they came from and having trouble fitting in with others such as Timon having trouble digging tunnels with other Meercats! Timon and Pumbaa journey off into finding their dream place and find it and soon find it and also Simba who they raise but soon they must choose between their dream place or helping Simba face his evil Uncle Scar and proclaim his right as the Lion King of Pride Rock! Filled with wonderful new characters like Timon's Ma(Julie Kavner) and Uncle Max (Jerry Stiller). I think my favorite character was Uncle Max because he was very funney and was voiced by a funney comedian Jerry Stiller the father of Ben Stiller. Disney was smart to cast Stiller in that role! Filled with wonderful characters animation and story and music Lion King 1 1/2 is in my opinion the best of any sequel and better than Simba's Pride even though I will admit I really did like that one too! Lion King 1 1/2 is a great Disney sequel the whole family can enjoy! It's got a good story and is very funney! 10 out of 10!
critique3050 Never viewed this 1971 film and was greatly entertained by this great production created by the Walt Disney Studios and great animation creations. Angela Lansbury (Eglantine Price) played an outstanding role as a woman who had taken a course in witch craft and was an apprentice who was beginning to fly on a broomstick and had quite a few difficulties taking off. Eglantine discovered many tricks and was able to make a bed travel to different parts of the world. However Eglantine missed her final exams to becoming an accomplished witch. Mr. Emerlius Browne (David Tomlinson) was the person who sold Eglantine this course in witchcraft and he tries to help her in every way possible to find her solution. Eglantine has a purpose to her madness and that is to stop the Nazi's from evading England. Great family entertainment and we need more films like this today.
critique3051 I'm not a John Cleese completist (although I thought "Fawlty Towers was brilliant) but I am a fan and when I saw this sitting neglected on a shelf at my local Blockbuster I decided to give it a try. What I got was a wonderful surprise and one of the funniest 50 minute viewing experiences I've ever had. The writing is typical English "goon show" schtick. In fact as an audio skit this wouldn't be out of place on a "Firesign Theater" album. But the execution and timing is spot on and this elevates "Strange Case" into the kind of jaw-dropping performance that can create lifelong British comedy fanatics. <br /><br />The Brits have a gift for combining broadly satirical lampoons with closely observed "tics" of character and timing and the creators use both to good effect here. Cleese's portrayal of "Holmes" seems to owe much to the Arkin's and Seller's "Inspector Clouseau"; however Cleese has such a knack for physical comedy that he more than holds his own. But the unexpected treat here is Arthur Lowe who plays "Watson" as an genial but invincibly uncomprehending imbecile with such superb timing and delivery that he becomes the best aspect of the film. I'd never heard of Lowe before this (his background seems to be vaudeville and musical theater) but he justifies his entire career with this performance as far as I'm concerned.<br /><br />Some people might not care for "Strange Case..." especially if British whimsy isn't their "cuppa tea". But I am extremely glad I got to see this before it vanished from sight.
critique3052 This show is so full of action and everything needed to make an awsome show.. but best of all... it actually has a plot (unlike some of those new reality shows...). It is about a transgenic girl who escapes from her military holding base.. I totally suggest bying the DVDs i've already preordered them... i suggest you do to...
critique3053 The young lady's name is Bonnie (Polay). She's attractive is apparently living a pretty decent life but all of a sudden is inexplicably snatched from her home and life by Evil Dude and the Various and Sundry Evil Henchmen. Now she has no idea what the hell is going on only that a bunch of armed-to-the-teeth people apparently want her dead...and she's going to die not even knowing why.<br /><br />God I hear the whining all the time. Now that content is so cheap to produce and people can create their own movies/books/comics/internal organs there's going to be nobody to ensure that there's a standard of quality! We're going to be drowning in crap! The only people who actually think this are people who haven't watched any movies or read any books recently-- because we're already doing a dead man's float in crap. It's folks like Ferrari and Rodriguez who put the lie to these ignorant so-and-sos by throwing $8K on the table and making...well what I would say is a better action flick than anything you've seen in cinemas this year...but you haven't seen any action flicks in the cinema this year. I've seen the box office. You're staying away in droves. You would do better to snag a copy of this spend twenty minutes being entertained and get on with your lives.<br /><br />It's sheer entertainment. You enter like Bonnie with a lot of questions and where the whole thing ends up is nebulous. The whole conceit has been done before in multiple ways but not in such a compressed amount of time and not without such concentrated tasty gunplay. You're there for the atmosphere the mystery and the guns. That's it--that's all the filmmakers promise and they deliver.<br /><br />It warms the black pits of my heart to think this was made on such a budget. We get passed a goodly number of indie films around here but seldom do we see anything as polished as this short is and we've never seen one done in the action genre that looked this good. Hell you could hand these two guys MI: 3 and it might draw me into watch it. The Bond franchise. Hell anything. No in fact better yet: I'd like to see these guys make a feature on their own and stay the hell away from Hollywood. Whatever's out there killing the movie industry is no doubt infectious.<br /><br />Best indie we've seen in a while and the most effective indie calling card we've ever seen. The DVD's $20 and has bonus features out the ass. Go take your movie ticket budget and put it towards this instead.
critique3054 I couldn't agree more with the other comment it's like Falling down. Peter Weller is OK and William Hurt great as always except in Lost in Space. This is a good movie. With pretty good performances. Very recommendable. If you like Falling down you're going to enjoy this one. 8 of 10
critique3055 This film has over the past ten years become one of my favorite pseudo noir experiences. The three storyline threads given us by Kazan each have their unique and separate pleasures. The domestic chitchat between Bel Geddes and Widmark the movement between rooms the small gestures such as the phone book Barbara places on the chair under her son so he can reach the table those small intimate exchanges between husband and wife all are well crafted and natural. More than anything else I love their porch that second living room where it is clear they spend much of their summer time. The second thread is the professional relationship between many in the film but especially between Widmark and Douglas' characters. It may not be totally original and does get a bit blustery but all in all it comes across as real respectful and efficient. The third threadthe grungy tale of Blackie and his tattered little gang gets us closest to a dark and frightening noir world.Palance's Blackie is as cold as a block of ice. This self-proclaimed business man this self made man clearly has a complexity we only briefly tap in to. For me this film continues to be a completely satisfying experience.
critique3056 ... the beat is too strong ... we're deaf mutants now--like them Rex Voorhas Ormine<br /><br />I am surprised that this movie has been uniformly bashed. Let me be the first to actually discuss the virtues of "The Beat" and why YOU MUST SEE THIS FILM NOW.<br /><br />Make no mistake this movie is cheesy and "bad" in the conventional sense: the story is preposterous the poetry is silly and the acting is inconsistent.<br /><br />But these are the film's CHARMS--all of these ingredients form the recipe for one of the most UNDERAPPRECIATED CHEEZY FILMS of the 80's.<br /><br />If the reference to "deaf mutants" didn't pique your interest then perhaps this will: What kind of name is "Rex Voorhas Ormine" anyway? It is such an unusual name (for North American audiences) that I said to myself "even the names of the characters in this friggin' movie are firggin' silly."<br /><br />Well "The Beat" is so fabulously cheezy that the "meaning" and "symbolism" behind "Rex Voorhas Ormine" is revealed not-too-subtly by Bart Waxman (the misguided guidance counselor you love to hate). I won't spoil the revelation behind Rex's name but please don't get too excited O.K.?<br /><br />Overall the acting is inconsistent (John Savage--who plays the "concerned teacher" Mr. Ellsworth is pretty good as is the fellow playing Bart Waxman but the rest of the cast are unconvincing). That said the acting does NOT detract from the film. Why? There is a SINCERITY in each of the actors' performances that makes the characters they play endearing. So although the performances may suck you are still left with the impression that the actors are really trying to do their best. As a result the actors' sincerity succeeds where their acting fails (which is quite often).<br /><br />The homage to "beat poetry" in this film is bad bad bad. But this is a good good good thing when it comes to entertainment. Would you actually enjoy "better quality" or "more respectable" poetry--especially in a film like this?<br /><br />Folks that would be BORING (think about the droll they made us read in high school--sanitized to avoid "corrupting the youth" politically conservative and devoid of any critical analysis etc.) Even if you don't like poetry or "arty" movies (with all of the "intellectual" posturing that implies) you most certainly can (and should) appreciate LUDICROUS POETRY in a WANNABE ART FILM!!!! How could you not enjoy the following?<br /><br />"do you remember the roar of the dinosaur? a woman's scotty craps on the floor bad scotty bad oh the woman's so sad she washes her hands and then waits by the door today yeah--today!"<br /><br />Yes that is an example of some of the remarkable poetry liberally sprinkled throughout "The Beat." But what about the story you ask?<br /><br />Well the story is preposterous. But then again that is the beauty of this film. Apart from some cliches stereotypes and predictable plot points there are enough genuinely unique elements to the plot/story to keep things interesting. Who is Rex? Where did he come from? What the heck is he talking about? Deaf mutants? Illiterate angels? Do Billy and Kate REALLY understand what Rex is saying? Is the audience supposed to understand Rex and his poetry posse? (I've seen the movie several times and I still haven't figured everything out.)<br /><br />Will bad poetry and high school talent shows really END GANG VIOLENCE?<br /><br />I guarantee that you have never seen anything quite like "The Beat"--a perfect combination of brilliantly bad poetry mediocre-yet-sincere acting and a "mythopoetics conquers gang violence" storyline that has YET TO BE RIVALLED BY ANY FILM EVER MADE.<br /><br />Bonus for fans of classic NYC hardcore: The Cro-Mags make a rare film appearance as the "Iron Skulls" and it's a hoot to see them perform several songs. I wish they included more concert footage but maybe that will be an "extra" included on the "collector's edition" DVD I fantasize about.<br /><br />
critique3057 This movie is not about the soda nor is it quite the French Connection.<br /><br />The Seven Ups are a group of elite policemen that use tactics not in accordance with protocol of the NYPD. Scheider heads the group with his posse or regular looking joes. They are running surveillance on a local costra nostra cartel and things go awry when a cop's wire is found out.<br /><br />Meanwhile Richard Lynch the most evil looking man in film (Invasion:America Little Nikita) and his partner end up killing the cop by accident and escape from Scheider in the coolest chase scene I've seen Bullitt and French Connection are not as good as they one up the West Side to the George Washington and onto the Palisades Parkway in New Jersey. <br /><br />The stunt drivers are terrific and Lynch makes it away free though he looks scared witless from the dangerous trip. Roy Scheider is nearly killed when his car slams into the abutted rear of Mack truck ripping the roof of his vehicle off. <br /><br />Things come to a head and one has to keep watching to follow up on such a sequence. Quick moving and intense fresh for a thirty years.
critique3058 If you're researching UFO facts then this video is very important. The 'meat' of the video is the comments made by Buzz Aldrin. He is without a doubt from the best of America. Trained to be objective honest and factual in his reports. Many Astronauts from America of all eras have reported some kind of contact or UFO observance and there are videos from some of those missions. At the very least something has happened that requires further objective ongoing investigating. I think this testimony from Buzz Aldrin shows that it is possible that other worlds may be interested in our progress. Like all supposed documentary video this one may be slanted but it does contain further information and opinions from an accomplished American hero. Those don't come along every day. So the fact that some people aren't interested in details should not detour your from viewing this video. If nothing else it is interesting and I recommend you watch with an open mind.
critique3059 Michelle AnicÃƒÂ©e Alvina was so nice and I really fall in love with her. She died a few months ago! Friends? Really the best movie of my youth. The "seasons reprise" of Elton and his arranger Paul Buckmaster sings in my head forever... Please if you know where i could find a VHS of the film mail me!! My husband of 26 years & I saw this as Juniors in HS. Yes he was my boyfriend then and still continues to be. I think we both cried our eyes out. I think possibly we were drawn to the movie by the Elton John music in it but were then swept away by the teenage angst of it all. Paul and Michelle were just about our ages when we saw the movie- so very easy to identify with!! It is wonderful to hear that Sean is doing well I am also in the "helping professions" (an RN). I thought his performance was good and very believable. "Michelle" came across as very sweet fragile and vulnerable. I think the main theme is that if they didn't have to deal with the "real world" then they could be happy and continue to be in love. How many times have all of us wanted to just have a "Calgon moment". If we all had no outside worries and could just deal with our "basic needs" it could be somewhat easier. I have a 15 yr old daughter and wouldn't have a problem with her seeing this movie.. Kids see so much worse these days that this is very tame. For those of you who are trying to locate the CD my husband (a huge Elton John fan) was able to get a 2-CD set which came out in 1992. It is called "Elton John-rare masters" Polygram studios. This has all the friends songs as well as many others. As far as we know this is the only CD with the "Friends" music. We also had the LP years ago and were thrilled to find the CD. Good luck. I recommend this movie for anyone who loves the "young love" theme. I only wish it was on DVD now!!
critique3060 This a rip roaring western and i have watched it many times and it entertains on every level.However if your after the true facts about such legends as HickcockCody and Calamity Jane then look elsewhere as John Ford suggested this is the west when the truth becomes legend print the legend.The story moves with a cracking pace and there is some great dialogue between Gary Cooper and Jean Arthur two very watchable stars who help to make this movie.The sharp eyed amongst you might just spot Gabby Hayes as an Indian scout also there is a very young Anthony Quinn making his debut as Cayenne warrior he actually married one of Demilles daughters in real life.Indeed its Quinns character who informs Cooper of the massacre of Custer told in flash back the finale is well done and when the credits roll it fuses the American west with American history.So please take time out to watch this classic western.
critique3061 Oh so beautiful oh so tearful and so gut-wrenching. <br /><br />Makes everything seem so superficial so pale so meaningless in comparison. <br /><br />Sister Helen is not a real saint. <br /><br />She is a real human - flawed raw and blunt but passionate and with a heart of gold.<br /><br />What I found most interesting is that this handful of wretched miserable people found meaning and laughter.<br /><br />What I loved most is how the documentary portrayed the polarity of human nature.
critique3062 Every American who thinks he or she understands World War Two should see this movie. Few Hollywood films about the war have defied the stereotype of Japanese soldiers as emotionless brutes obeying orders without thinking. We like to think that every Japanese man was ready and able to fight to the death right up to the day we bombed Nagasaki. "Fires on the Plain" shows a different reality: troops pathetically undersupplied demoralized and starved to the point of cannibalism. They euphemistically refer to human flesh as "monkey meat." The movie and novel on which it was based also put to death the myth that Japanese soldiers all preferred death to surrender: They had good reason to believe that their enemies were in no mood to take prisoners. To me it raises a question most Americans would rather avoid: If the Japanese military was so beaten down at this point in the war why was it necessary to nuke Hiroshima?
critique3063 I saw that movie few days ago. This movie is so great that it makes me feel that if you want something really bad that you have always dreamed about it - you can have it. This shows a big wish come true trought happiness and sadness hopeless and failure. But if you are strong enough and your heart really belongs to something that you love you can make things different and be happy.
critique3064 Xizao is a rare little movie. It is simple and undemanding and at the same time so rewarding in emotion and joy. The story is simple and the theme of old and new clashing is wonderfully introduced in the first scenes. This theme is the essence of the movie but it would have fallen flat if it wasn't for the magnificent characters and the actors portraying them.<br /><br />The aging patriarch Master Liu is a relic of China's pre-expansion days. He runs a bath house in an old neighbourhood. Every single scene set in the bath house is a source of jelaousy for us stressed out unhappy people. Not even hardened cynics can find any flaws in this wonderful setting.<br /><br />Master Liu's mentally handicapped son Er Ming is the second truly powerful character in the movie coupled with his modern-life brother. The interactions between these three people and the various visitors to the bath house are amazingly detailed and heart-felt with some scenes packing so much emotion it's beyond almost everything seen in movies.<br /><br />With its regime-critical message this movie was not only censored but also given unreasonably small coverage. It could be a coincidence but when a movie of this caliber is virtually impossible to find even on the internet(!) you can't help getting suspicious.<br /><br />So help free speech and the movie world buy rent copy this wonderful movie and if you happen to own the DVD if there even is one then share share share!
critique3065 8 Simple Rules is a funny show but it also has some life lessons especially one mature lesson about moving on after a lose which was the episode where Paul died which was the first episode I have ever watched of the show that comes on ABC. The Hennessy clan -- mother Cate (Katey Sagal) daughters Bridget (Kaley Cuoco) and Kerry (Amy Davidson) and son Rory (Martin Spanjers) -- look to one another for guidance and support after the death of Paul (John Ritter) the family patriarch. Cate's parents (James Garner and Suzanne Pleshette) lend a hand. I am glad later in the 2nd season of this show they decided to put David Spade in this show since he was done with the NBC series Just Shoot Me! But all and all this show is pretty good. This show reminds me a lot of the classic family sitcoms from the 80's and 90's that used to be on ABC.
critique3066 Super Speedway makes a great demo of your new DVD / bigscreen / 5.1 channel sound system. The IMAX camera puts you right in the race car where you cruise around various tracks at high speed reminiscent of the driving sequences in Grand Prix (if only that would appear on DVD!). I enjoy watching it again and again.<br /><br />The only minus and why I didn't give it a 10 is some of the driving sequences look suspiciously like the film was speeded up. The soundtrack also requires a little suspension of disbelief - all you can hear in a real car is the engine. You won't hear swooshes as you go under bridges.
critique3067 Ghillie a remake of the Telugu "okkadu' is thankfully a clarified version of the original. It packs the same punch and Dharani true to his cinematic brilliance delivers it with style and panache. A flagging Vijay's career with the entry of the likes of Surya and Vikram on the fray got the much needed uplift with this movie. This might well prove to be the best movie Vijay has ever been on considering the choices he has been making since then. The hard-working actor seems to have lost his bearing what with talented new entrants being accepted both by the industry and public alike.<br /><br />The tightly snug script which runs at a neck-break speed revolves around Velu a willful youngster aspiring to make a mark in the game of Kabaddi( a popular game among boys in India). The events following the chance encounter with Muthupandi his rescue of the girl in distress and how he juggles with the aspirations of his friends and his own forms the fulcrum and end of the movie. Vijay fits as a 'T' into the role and essays a subdued and believable portrayal of the boy next door.<br /><br />Trisha has more than a stereotyped Tamil heroine mantle to play. The role is far more complex than just a girl in trouble. With limited dialog's Trisha exploits her occasional muted expressions and subtle vulnerability to add color to the role. This is a classic case of a cover page girl coming-of-age to become a professional actress. Trisha became my personal favorite after this movie.<br /><br />The movie ends on predictable lines although one has to credit the Director for keeping the audience guessing on many things including Trisha's change in decision to leave the country. Prakash Raj deserves a word of praise for providing the perfect counter-weight for Vijay's role. His almost indomitable stature in the role of a villain and the apparent chinks in the hero's armor form a perfect ploy for keeping the audience guessing.<br /><br />Overall this is a great movie that deserves at least a single viewing. I give it a clear 8 out of 10.
critique3068 On paper this movie would sound incredibly boring. The idea of a 75-year-old man traveling the country-side on a riding mower certainly doesn't have much appeal to it but the real power behind the film is its charm and its intelligence. Writers will not find a better study of what makes a movie work than "The Straight Story."<br /><br />The perfect example of this is a scene in which Alvin meets a runaway teenage girl. She's pregnant and afraid of what her parents would do if they found out. Alvin tells her a story about his own kids long ago. He had them each take a stick and break it which they could easily do. Then he had them bundle the sticks and try to break them. "That bundle" he said "is family." So many other movies would feel compelled to continue and make sure we knew that an individual could be broken but together the members were stronger. "The Straight Story" realizes that we're smart enough to understand this and simply leaves us to contemplate the thought and draw our own conclusions.<br /><br />Alvin's journey across Iowa is full of such refreshingly un-Hollywood character interactions. Each interaction is full of warmth and humor and Alvin is so cute riding his mower that we can't help but smile as he makes his way to Wisconsin to make peace with his brother Lyle who has suffered a stroke. And the simplicity of the final scene emphasizes that the real story here is not the destination but the journey. It's a journey in which Alvin shares his life with everyone he meets--to their benefit and ours. It's a slow simple relaxing ride meant to remind us of all that we've lost with the urbanization of America.<br /><br />"The Straight Story" is the rare live-action "G"-rated movie that truly should not be missed. Grade: A
critique3069 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3070 Christopher Nolan had his goals set on Following in a very narrow direction and in that direction he pulled off something that reminded me of the kind of great little 'poverty-row' movies the likes of Ullmer directed back in the 40s. Only this time he's able to implement touches of homage- things like black and white photography (a given due to the shoe-string budget but also essential to the dark crevices these characters inhabit) and casting of the actors (the John Doe lead the slick male counterpart and the beautiful-in-a-gritty way femme fatale)- while keeping it in the realm of the 90s underground indie where for several thousand dollars and specific choices in locations and music and such anything could be possible. That and as well in the film-noir mood Nolan also puts together a cunning web of a plot maybe even more so than Memento. Where the latter was a work of a psychology unfolding by way of a plot enriched by looking to the past inch by inch here the non-linear structure serves the purpose of showing how far someone like Bill can go through as dark a path as Cobb only in an environment where keeping on your toes is not for someone who's not really twisted and into the deeper mind games Cobb is.<br /><br />Of course the whole act of following someone becomes the main thrust of the story and going into it I wasn't even sure where it would lead if it might be some kind of stream of consciousness ala Slacker where Nolan would lead his character along to one urban British person to another. But the establishment of the ties of Bill to Cobb are done in a quick and excellent way as we see right when Cobb approaches Bill at the cafÃƒÂ© to ask what he's doing following him tells almost all we need to know about both- that and the first robbery he brings him along for. What seems to soon be a good score on the horizon is really all one big set-up by Cobb and his lady (just called 'The Blonde' maybe a too-obvious homage to noir but why carp). But this is revealed in a way that actually truly had me guessing as the manipulation of the narrative worked all the more to arouse questions not so much of why but of how. The density is brought out all the greater due to the actors understanding of their essential points as characters with Alex Haw being brilliant as a true sociopath who can barely mask his 'deep' ideas about what it is to really take pleasure in a burglary and Theobald with that demeanor of someone who can never be as smart as he is in what he really does but is more intelligent in that naive way that stands no chance in the dank environment such as this; Russell almost makes it too easy even with a face that would send Ana Savage shaking her head.<br /><br />Meanwhile Nolan is also on the ball with his style as a cameraman keeping nothing in that doesn't add to ambiance and suspense with the fade-in/fade-outs not too quick to leave a lasting impression but enough to add to the 'this-could-lead-anywhere' logic of the script. He follows it in hand-held form as if he knows where his limitations lie and yet is fantastic at keeping the essentials: close-ups when need be (one I loved is Russell's face in a small mirror) and a fairly simple techno track that never detracts. Sometimes as mentioned the line between seeing something in 'present-day' and seeing something that is as everlasting as a solid pulp story of low-level criminals with mind-games and moral ambiguity is always never totally clear which for me is practically irresistible in its dark way. Simply put this is one of the great calling cards I've seen from a filmmaker in recent years and should hopefully be something that future fans of Nolan's other work can look forward to to discovering. Or even to those who think that noir has gone to the rapid-editing and big-gun-firing dogs of the mainstream (even in independent films) it's a bright little 71 minutes.
critique3071 I was watching an NFL game and started surfing during a break and found this on one of the HBO type channels. I missed the beginning but when I started watching Deadly Voyage the clicker was put down and not even thought of until the credits rolled. You will find yourself rooting against the villans and on the edge of your La-Z-Boy throughout this one. If you get the chance take the time to watch it. Every once in a while I think about having the cable company take off my Movie channels but when you stumble across great ones like this you know why it is worth paying extra for them. Happy Holidays to all from Cape Cod !!!
critique3072 John Cassavette's decided as his first film obviously as one shot on a shoestring in New York to not even have a script with dialog and delivers a 1959 feature equivalent of Larry David's Curb Your Enthusiasm- all the actors know what to do and say and even have the right look in their eyes when they talk. In other words it's one of the most realistic looks at the beat generation jazzed sweetly in it's score and telling a tale of racial tensions. A group of black siblings are the center-point with one trying to get better gigs than the average strip-club and has a sister much more light-skinned than him who gets entwined with a white man in a relationship which shatters both sides. The film however isn't exclusively about that; Cassavettes likes to have his characters wander around New York City (which not many films did in 1959/1960) and his style of storytelling is like that of the improvisational jazz artists of the day. Dated to be sure but worth a glance for film buffs; Martin Scorsese named this as one of his heaviest influences.
critique3073 Overall this is a delightful light-hearted romantic musical comedy. I suppose a small case could be made for the movie being to long. But I'm not sure what you would cut out. The singing that Kelly and Sinatra do? No. The fabulous dancing that Kelly does? No. The time the movie takes to develop the story line and develop the relationships of the characters? No (that seems to be a common complaint many times that more recent movies don't develop the characters).<br /><br />Some comment that Iturbi didn't bring much to the movie but this gives us a chance to see and hear a great talent from the 1040s. So what if he wasn't an actor? He was an important part of the movie as the basic plot was to get Grayson an audition with him. <br /><br />Originally Katherine Grayson wanted to be an opera star. Louis B. Mayer brought her to MGM for a screen test that included an aria. During her audition in the movie there is a shot of the MGM brass nodding and smiling. You can just imagine it was like that when she had made her real screen test years before.<br /><br />This movie is so full of life it is hard to hit all of the highlights. Great use was made of color and lighting throughout the movie. You can see why Frank Sinatra became the star he did. A nice counter-point in the movie is how Sinatra (a ladies man even then) played the role of wanting to just find a date while on leave. You'll feel good after seeing this movie. 7/10
critique3074 I thought this was an excellent and very honest portrayal of paralysis and racism. This movie never panders to the audience and never gets predictable. The acting was top-notch and the movie reminded me of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest".
critique3075 This is according to me a quite bizarre movie with a lot of humor in it. I wouldn't say that it is very scary but more fun I guess. That is if you like horror movies. Scarecrow kind of remembered me of "Children of the corn" but still not. If you compare these two movies this is much more fun to watch =)
critique3076 First the obviousÃ‚Â—as a cop drama crossed with a funny melodrama QUAY Ã‚Â… is disconcerting straightly independent and a menace to banality. Jouvet's aplomb is put to good use in a tough cop performance immediately noticeable by its vigor and exuberant force; his Antoine is not so much a man of intellect but a man of vast life experience and earthly instinct. QUAY Ã‚Â… is not subversive in the sense that today's (and already yesterday's ) philistines enjoy using the word. It is Clouzot's most playful hour. He tended to adapt Steeman's books in a satiric note. (It's said that Clouzot was a big reader of detective novels.) As a director Clouzot's firm hand is successful. <br /><br />It is not a mystery or a thrillerbut a satirical look at a Parisian couple and at the police's proceedings. Those accustomed with Clouzot's masterpiece LES DIABOLIQUES might find slightly disconcerting the multiplicity of things styles elements in QUAY Ã‚Â….Here Clouzot speaks about many things about a couple and a hidden love story (Simone Renant's for Blier)about the entertainment's world and about old spinsters about police techniques and an old bitter cop with a boy to raise etc.. There is a note of exuberanceÃ‚Â—not only in Jouvet's performance but also in the film's conception. <br /><br />Quay is a realistic crime drama made as a satire. It offers an outstanding performance by Jouvet as a tough police inspector. Antoine is an old cop with an adventurous past (he fought in Africa but did not climb the ranks' stair because of his independent behaviors); he lives with his son a schoolboy; at work Antoine is tough and merciless an able inspector bitter intelligent and harsh. It is a role of great gusto very picturesque. Jouvet composed his character of several defining traitsÃ‚Â—his clothes his expression his funny accent his brutality and that mocking air Ã‚Â….Antoine is not made to look more clever than plausible; when he interrogates Blier Antoine makes mistakes and his talent is presented like the talent we meet in real lifeÃ‚Â—mixed with errors and lacunae and defects. Antoine's talent is one that comes also from experience from daily observationÃ‚Â—it's not the almost supernatural _divinatory genius of almost all the famous detectives.<br /><br />QUAY Ã‚Â… is multifacetedÃ‚Â—it is a realistic crime drama and also a satire and a melodrama. One can consider it among the first _filmic forays into the legendary toughness of the French police. Long ago Eastwood's and Wayne's harsh cops there was Antoine. <br /><br />The title is interesting suggesting that this is a movie about the police not about a case or a mystery. <br /><br />As craftsmanship Clouzot was perhaps the best and sharpest in France (in the way that Welles was). QUAY Ã‚Â… is very true to Clouzot's natureÃ‚Â—a sardonic comic sharp observations much psychology sharp unsparing irony. The man was firstÃ‚Â—class when he filmed somethingÃ‚Â—he knew what to shoot what to chooseÃ‚Â—see the introductory scenes of this film with Jenny Lamour's great stage success. Each scene is memorably _exemplarily shot. Clouzot's technical stylistic aptitudes were amazing. His style is inventive satirical sharp extremely limpid ingenious. <br /><br />Jouvet's style was exuberant powerful vehement. (Some disliked it precisely for these features. As he had been a great stage actor his movie style was deemed as too theatrical etc..) His Antoine is a fine example of what was meant by composing a role by a composition. <br /><br />Jouvet had a very peculiar physiognomyÃ‚Â—much like a menacing bird of preyÃ‚Â—somewhat like Van CleefÃ‚Â—yet much subtler nobler and more intelligent and distinguished. Jouvet had this predatory ferocious air and it is useful here as he performs an old tough cop. One of QUAY Ã‚Â…'s sides is that it is a Jouvet recital. He is immediately recognizable identifiable by the quality of his play (I see that many watching this flick do not know it is a Jouvet movieÃ‚Â—which is an astounding quality in itself). <br /><br />Fresnay and Jouvet are the two French actors that I admire the most; the first one was revealed to me by a Renoir drama (the famous one) while Jouvet by a CarnÃƒÂ© comedy. I was charmed to see that Clouzot gave leading roles to both of them.<br /><br />To end a word about Steeman; he wrote the novel used by Clouzot (who had previously adapted another Steeman novel as a Fresnay comedy). Steeman was an old school mystery writer in the Wallace vein. He became quickly outdated with the new hardboiled fashions. When I was 11 I have read one of his thrillers and liked it much.
critique3077 I have watched this film twice now and think its quite good for the limited equipment used to create this film. (filmed in 1947) Dr. Heyerdahl explains his theory about the migration of south American Pre-Colubian Indians to the Polynesia's islands by way raft fell of large balsa trees. This documentary follows Dr. Heyerdahl and crew as they select balsa trees in Equidor and float with them down river to the pacific for assembly in Peru. They launch off on a 101 day sea adventure testing the strength of their primitive raft surviving only by means available to natives of that era. See for yourself a real adventure!
critique3078 I first heard about Commander's Log when I was on the concom for the local science fiction convention. Craig Bowlsby Linden Banks Sophie Banks and Brian Oberquell came out to show the video and give a couple of panels on making TV on a shoestring budget. I have to say that I was very pleased when I finally had the chance to see the show. Comparisons with Red Dwarf are inevitable since the first seasons of Red Dwarf were also shot on a low budget (although Commander's Log has to set some kind of record for the least amount of money spent per minute of air time) and thus have to make up for the lack of "eye candy" with good writing and acting. Linden Banks who plays Chief Petty Officer Blather does a particularly good job of presenting an earnest but clueless persona.<br /><br />Bowlsby's original idea was for the story to be told in two minute "interstitials" shown in between other shows over the course of an evening although for some reason Space didn't get how cool an idea this would have been and so the interstitials were all rolled up into a one-hour show which Space normally showed in two half-hour episodes. The existing DVD doesn't include episode 3 (which premiered at Cascadia-Con in Seattle in 2005) or episode 4 (which was previewed at VCON in Vancouver in 2006) but if you're in touch with your local fannish community you may catch news of a showing somewhere near you.
critique3079 I don't give a movie or a show ten very often but this show touched a nerve in a way no other show has. I found the entire series on mysoju.com and thought the premise looked interesting so I took a look see. I wasn't disappointed in what I saw; I was moved. This story stays on the tender side as the main characters move us through the scenes. Sumire Iwaya played thoughtfully by Koyuki shows us human nature as she wants to keep troubles from being shown. No one really wants to lay their soul out in front of a perspective mate. So instead she substitutes a human played by an adorable Matsumoto Jun as a pet. This pet is like any other creature we would consider a pet. The difference; he can retaliate in the same way after all Momo is a man not a dog. As he is treated like a pet he reacts to situations how a dog might react. She spends time with the new boyfriend Momo gets jealous. It's when she realizes that her pet isn't just a pet that the sexual tension between the two starts to become thick - Momo is a dance prodigy. Her thinking slowly changes as we start to get a glance at his own thoughts. Matsumoto takes us from seeing a character who is very one dimensional in the beginning to two dimensional when we see he's a dancer to a three dimensional character when we see him start to fall for his master as a man not as a dog. In my opinion it's worth watching this story just to see this character develop. Plus Matsumoto plays Momo with such tenderness you almost start to wish you had one too. Neither wants to think about the future and how their relationship will change but as Momo (the name she gives him as one would name their new puppy) states Ã‚Â– we both knew this wasn't going to be able to last. Watch this show with a open mind it's worth it.
critique3080 The 2005 edition of the Royal Rumble came live from the Save Mart Centre in Fresno California. The two top Championships of the WWE were being defended The Undertaker was battling Heidenreich in a Casket match Shawn Michaels was taking on Edge in a grudge match that had been building up since last October and of course the every man for himself over the top rope Royal Rumble match itself. Who was going to take the price this year? Chris Benoit? Edge? Eddie Guerrero? Edge? John Cena? Batista? Edge? Shawn Michaels? There was no shortage of contenders.<br /><br />It was Batista that picked up the popular victory in the main event battle but not without controversy or should I say a botched finish. Batista and John Cena were the final two men in the ring. Batista was supposed to dump the young Smackdown! star over the top rope but it all went wrong and they both went toppling to the floor. The referees acted on their feet as we had an arm-raising contest similar to that of Bret hart and Lex Luger back in 1994. This brought out the chairman of the board. Vinnie Mac walked down to the ring the way only he can but injured himself badly getting into the ring. It was unusual to see Vince McMahon sitting legs out telling the two men to restart the match. Batista then did was he was supposed to do first time round and dumped Cena to the floor sealing his own future with a Championship match at WrestleMania 21.<br /><br />The undercard for this years Royal Rumble had a very solid line up with many of WWE's biggest stars competing in matches. Each brand had two big matches each.<br /><br />Raw opened the night with the match between Shawn Michaels and Edge. This was a good technical contest. Back and fourth all the way until Edge got the pinfall. This was a smart booking decision and kept Edge as a contender to the World Heavyweight Championship.<br /><br />The second match of the night was the feud ending Casket match between The Undertaker and Heidenreich. The match was not a classic but then again have their been any classic Casket matches? It was entertaining. Especially when Snitsky got involved and then Kane popped out the casket to a great pop. The Undertaker surprised no one when he got the win slamming the lid on Heidenreich and this mediocre feud.<br /><br />The first of the two Championship matches of the night was John Bradshaw Layfields defence of the WWE Championship in a triple Threat match against both Kurt Angle and the Big Show. This match was very good. Again not a classic but entertaining none the less. JBL took the win after pinning Kurt Angle. His celebration was short lived however when backstage teddy Long informed him at No Way Out he would defend the WWE Championship in a Barbed Wire Steel cage match against Big Show. Not a very nice way to spend a Sunday night.<br /><br />And of course there is no show without Punch. Punch of course being reigning World Heavyweight Champion Triple H. His rematch from Unforgiven 2004 with Randy Orton was lot better than the original encounter. It's a pity because they just don't seem to click to well in the ring and this would be an excellent feud if they did. Orton played the concussion role very well and went down in defeat to The Game.<br /><br />So the first big one of 2005 was a good one. It achieved its goals. Feuds ended and new ones began. We were now officially on the road to WrestleMania 21.
critique3081 A year after the release of the average "House of Frankenstein" Universal released another Monster Mash where all their famous character would collide once again. "House of Dracula" would reunite Dracula the Frankenstein's creature and the Wolf Man for what would be their final battle and will finally close an era for the studio. Directed once again by Erle C. Kenton "House of Dracula" presents a slight but noticeable improvement over the previous film and delivers a better constructed (although still flawed) story that while far from perfect is a more appropriate closure than the previous film.<br /><br />The story ignores most of the events of the previous entry "House of Frankenstein" and introduces a new angle to the story. Count Dracula (John Carradine) tired of having to hide during sunlight asks help to the brilliant scientist Dr. Edelman (Onslow Stevens) a physician famous for his research in biology. Edelman becomes fascinated by Dracula and soon begins an experimental treatment in the mean time Larry Talbot (Lon Chaney Jr.) the Wolf Man visits Edelman with the purpose of get rid of his curse. Soon Edelman realizes that Dracula is a monster that must be destroyed but his own exposure to Dracula's blood is also developing a disease in him. The discovery of the Frankenstein's monster (Glenn Strange) in a nearby catacombs will bring more turmoil to the mind of the brilliant scientist.<br /><br />After the previous clash of monsters it is good to see the series going back to the roots and delivering an almost straight-forward Gothic horror returning to the dark pessimistic nature of this kind of films and moving away from the comic relief of the previous entries. The story (by Edward T. Lowe Jr.) has many interesting themes as the contrast between Dracula and Talbot (both looking for a cure but with different purposes) and Edelman's increasing madness. Probably among the most interesting themes is the inclusion of the character of Nina a gorgeous but deformed woman who aids Dr. Edelman hoping to be cured of her condition.<br /><br />Director Erle C. Kenton is back again and this time he finally captures the dark nature of these three characters a nature that was apparently lost in the previous film. Despite the low-budget Kenton crafts a Gothic horror that while simple is quite effective and even manages to present old partners such a these characters in a fresh way. While it's never on the level of the originals "House of Dracula" recovers that charm that Universal Studios horror films used to have and Kenton makes sure that at least for a last time the monsters receive a chance to shine.<br /><br />The cast is very good this time with Carradine Chaney and Strange reprising their roles (although Strange's role is considerably smaller) with more enthusiasm than in the previous film. The addition of Onslow Stevens Jane Adams and Martha O'Driscoll to the cast bring back the tragedy and the drama to the series with Stevens giving a terrific performance as Dr. Edelman. A small cameo by Lionel Atwill and the presence of Skelton Knaggs as the creepy Steinmuhl complete one of the better cast Universal horror films has had in years.<br /><br />"House of Dracula" is a nice addition to the series specially after the mediocre "House of Frankenstein". It's nice to see Kenton back in form in a somewhat serious horror film however and while the plot is quite original it suffers not only because of the budget but because the film attempts to do a lot in a very short runtime with bad results. It's true that the characters have all very inventive story lines but the film dedicates very few time for each of them to develop and the film seems very rushed and disjointed.<br /><br />While far from perfect it's also far from being the worst of the series. "House of Dracula" is a nice closure to one of the best times for the horror genre a time when ghosts and ghouls roamed the foggy nights and mad scientists gave life to hideous monsters. Later the monsters would be back in "Bud Abbott & Lou Costello Meet Frankenstein" (1948) but that would be a whole different context. after the disappointing previous entries it's easy to dismiss "House of Dracula" but give it a chance and let the monster roam for a last time. 7/10
critique3082 I first saw this movie on some movie channel (HBO?) some time ago. I was a fan of Public Enemy NWA and other early rap and had seen CB4 in theaters. Anyway the promo for it caught my eye and I wanted to see what it was all about. Well right off the bat I knew it was going to be good (WARNING!) and I was right. The parody songs alone make this movie worth watching over and over (My Peanuts) but the overall flow and delivery of the movie was great. You've got to love the satire of rap groups (obviously NWA) certain rappers (Eazy E Flava Flav Ice Cube) and the humor of the three members of NWH. Who can forget Tone Deaf scratching with his ass? It's too bad this movie didn't get the credit it deserved as it was overshadowed by CB4 during their releases but in my opinion is a much better film. If you know and like 90's 'gangster' rap you'll be watching and laughing with this movie for a long time. If you aren't into or don't like 'rap' you'll enjoy the jokes at the expense of the genre.
critique3083 Has there ever been an Angel of Death like MIMSY FARMER in Barbet Schroeder's 1960s heroin opus? Sort of Jean Seberg with a hypodermic. Pink Floyd score. Despite some ultimately insignificant weaknesses a classic shamelessly ripped off by Erich Segal/Noel Black for their inept JENNIFER ON MY MIND (1971) although Tippy Walker playing a similar character is herself very junkie-appealing in the latter mess. MORE though is terrific a great 60s drug movie and simply an important document of its time. Very much a cult film so join the cult.<br /><br />No American movie then as far as I can remember charts the same territory. MIMSY's an astonishing archetype elevating this into mythic realms. Not for the faint-hearted. Great sex scenes too.
critique3084 This movie is awesome. If you take it too seriously of course you will hate it; however it's quantity of "dudes" and "right ons" brings laughs and faint memories of about 15 years ago. I like its ability to make me simply chuckle at obvious jokes and silliness and its ability to make me want to watch its precursor "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure" (1989). If you are looking for a film full of multifaceted jokes and totally mature humor don't watch it; however if you want a film that is humorous and silly yet intelligent and engaging you will enjoy it. I actually wish more of this sort of picture showed up in today's theatres. And hey it's Keanu Reeves acting the way everyone parodies him as acting...right...doesn't get much better than that :)
critique3085 I first saw this film around ten years ago and I thought it was very funny indeed. It was not as bad as some critics were making it out to be. The fact that it was written by the usually dependable John Hughes shows that you can at least expect some funny dialogue. (By the way I also think Weird Science is quite good which was also penned in lightning speed by Hughes).<br /><br />The film has a very garish look to it using all the primary colours - reds yellows etc - which makes it look quite unique. The cast are also quite good. The prudish Bunny Packard and the devil-possessed Delores Salk are a stand out.<br /><br />The film has certainly dated a little but I personally prefer it to all the other 'Lampoon' series.
critique3086 Eric Valette is obviously a talented film-maker and so are the two guys who wrote the script. Therefore MalÃƒÂ©fique is a great flick made with just a few bucks but also tons of imagination. Well I'm a bit exaggerating but nevertheless I'm sincere. So if you like dark gory movies go and see this one. It's really worth it.
critique3087 Jim Henson's Muppets were a favorite of mine since childhood. This film makes me feel like a kid again. Okay the Muppets are back with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog and their friends. The premise is that they are trying to get on Broadway in a musical show in where else but New York City. You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch. Anyway the film turns 25 this year and I hope the kids of today will learn to appreciate the lightheartedness of the Muppets Gang. The problem with the show is Kermit goes missing and the gang has to find him in New York City. It's worth watching for kids and even sentimental adults like myself.
critique3088 I was lucky enough to get a DVD copy of this movie recently and have now seen it for the 2nd time. The 1st time was on late night TV in Australia more than 20 years ago but I could never forget this strange and bleak film..<br /><br />Not many people like this film at all because it is so unconventional - the fact that there is hardly any spoken dialogue in this move - we just hear the thoughts of characters - is only one unconventional aspect of it.<br /><br />Searching for a copy of this film I found out that the producer was dead the main actor was dead it was not kept in any British TV or film archives that it was never released on video or DVD that television networks around the world trashed it after their copyright ran out in the 80's. When it was first shown on TV in Australia there were no recordable devices for consumers.<br /><br />On the second viewing recently I could see why it was unforgettable. At times it is very tense and unbearably claustrophobic very like a Harold Pinter stage play.<br /><br />Again if anyone wants a DVD copy of this please email me and I'm sure we can work something out Regards Adam (whiteflokati@hotmail.com)
critique3089 I love this movie ! I think I've seen it 5 times already (it was quite a success in France and they often play it on TV). Ok it's a thriller and there is great tension. But mostly (and specifically in the second part) it is absolutely hilarious ! And very original. The directing and photography are just splendid.
critique3090 The problem with TV today is that people have been spoiled by "lite" TV viewing. This type of television show is the equivalent of elevator music or "easy listening" jazz. The typical viewers idea of "continuity" is remembering who got voted off the island last week and wondering who will be the next to go. Show them a program like surface Firefly Dr. Who or anything with a plot arc of more than three episodes and...well they'll just flip back to Survivor.<br /><br />95% of the sheep watching TV don't want to rack their brains. They want excuses to not think. They want to make sure the "boob tube" lives up to its name...and they don't want shows that try and go any other route. Because of this Surface and many other high-quality shows that should have lasted far longer have gotten the axe.<br /><br />TV viewers don't want stories or morals or philosophy or anything over a third grade vocabulary level. They want people eating earthworms or over-dramatized "real life" series (no such thing! You cannot observe something without changing the very nature of what you observe) or hormonal shows involving groups of people having trysts and then bragging about it to their friends.<br /><br />Today's television is nothing but a wasteland and the few diamonds you can pick out of the dust are just tossed out because no one even knows what a diamond is anymore. Surface was one of those diamonds.
critique3091 The "Hunting Trilogy" of Rabbit Fire (1951) Rabbit Seasoning (1952) and Duck! Rabbit! Duck! (1953) should be considered the comedic high water mark of the Chuck Jones-Michael Maltese collaboration. While they are seldom mentioned in lists of the "greatest" or "most important" cartoons in the history of animation they are certainly THE FUNNIEST cartoons I've ever seen. Michael Maltese never got the credit that directors like Jones Freleng or Avery got but it's his dialogue and situations that make Warner Bros. cartoons and these three in particular some of the FUNNIEST ever made.
critique3092 This movie reminded me that some old Black & White movies are definitely worth the look.<br /><br />Initially I had some reservations however from the beginning of the movie until the end I was captivated. I was VERY impressed with the mixture of drama suspense & comedy.<br /><br />Arthur Askey (Tommy Gander) is HILARIOUS and had me in stitches the whole time.<br /><br />Definitely add this movie to your movie-night for some light relief from the sometimes depressing and "too" powerful or overly "funny" movies of today.
critique3093 I love this film. Tense with great characters. The kid from "Sandlot" is excellent as is Corey Feldman. When the kids storm the bank it is pure adrenaline. Inside of the bank it becomes a bit like a "Lord of the Flies" situation where they turn on each other. Justin Walker from "Clueless" is wonderful. I saw this on "Showtime" while channel surfing. It was a pleasant surprise. James Remar is also quite good here as the small town Sheriff. Taylor Nichols who I love from "Barcelona" does a nice job too as a Federal Agent. I recommend this film for any fan of bank robbery movies with a lot of good characters. I was shocked to discover that Roger Corman was a producer on this since the film is not a B movie.
critique3094 Got the chance to see this at a friend's house today and was impressed with what it achieved on such a small budget. Not that this ever bothered me anyway since I love low budget sci-fi like Dr Who Blake's 7 and Dark Star. Hell even Outland wasn't a big budget affair so whilst money helps it takes more than throwing cash at things to make them good.<br /><br />The story is straightforward at first with a group of mercenaries paid to escort a prisoner through space. Their ship is attacked and they are forced to land on the nearest planet. They then discover the prisoner has made it too he's a stone cold nut case and that's only the start of their problems.<br /><br />The effects except for the gunfights are minimalistic and add to the film without overwhelming it. Computer effects look a bit dodgy at times but serve their purpose well and add to the story lending a futuristic feel to the proceedings. Films like I Robot could have benefited from this approach instead of being largely style over substance and substituting special effects for a plot like all too many of Hollywood's offerings.<br /><br />Whilst none of the actors get Oscar material it's tightly scripted and shot and at an hour and ten minutes doesn't outstay its welcome. The characters don't get fleshed out much but then they didn't in Predator either which it resembles in feel. Big man Mike Mitchell is a good stand in for Arnie and is a good combination of brains and brawn.<br /><br />Some people may be annoyed at the lack of explanation towards the end but I like it. Unlike a lot of films and shows which leave things unexplained it is not so obscure that you can't get a handle on it at all and I'd like to see a sequel where the nature of the aliens is explored further.<br /><br />A cracking little film from an enterprising team done on the cheap but a fun way to pass an hour. If this is what they can do on a shoestring I'd like to see what they would do with a bit more cash and hope the film industry and the talentless armchair critics don't knock all the creativity out of them first.<br /><br />Recommended.
critique3095 I was pleased with the cast of reputable players. The story is one of standing up for a cause even if you are at personal risk in doing so. In a time where violence and pain are often in the movie forefront this movie focuses on the old fashioned good cop. Although similar plots have been done repeatedly these guys pull it off well. Kick back and enjoy. Dennehy is a master of taking over a movie.
critique3096 This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years. If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote this is it. A $4 Mil box is a disgrace. People don't know what it's about. If you have any appreciation for the Blues or just a good use of excellent music that alone is reason to go see it. How many people knew Jackson could sing and damn fine too. You hear books and movies taunting that they're about salvation. After seeing this you'll never be able to forgive such trivial use of the word. Yes it's gritty sexy down home truth bizarre and in-your-face real. Isn't that the best reason to see a movie? Those that get my meaning won't stay away from seeing this another week.
critique3097 After a cold sex scene between Andy and Gina in South America we know that Andy is a payroll manager who finds himself in a hard economic situation where he badly needs some extra moneyÃ‚Â… We also discover that he has been stealing from his job and using the money to his drug habitsÃ‚Â… He's also attempting to keep up with his wife who just might be having an affairÃ‚Â… <br /><br />To solve all their problems he persuades his brotherÃ‚Â—a likable loserÃ‚Â—to join him in a plan to steal their own parent's small storeÃ‚Â… Their parents are happily married and proprietors of a jewelry store situated in New York's Westchester CountyÃ‚Â… Sixty thousand dollars is all they'll need to get their life out of desperationÃ‚Â… <br /><br />Three main characters are important in this movieÃ‚Â…<br /><br />First the two brothersÃ‚Â… Each of them is a complex individual threatened with multiple motivations and sunk into doubts and disappointmentsÃ‚Â… The two are desperate characters financially and emotionallyÃ‚Â…<br /><br />Andy is selfishÃ‚Â… He feels that he has never had the love of his fatherÃ‚Â… He is the corrupting influence turning his brother into an assailant and his beautiful woman into an adulteressÃ‚Â…<br /><br />Hank is a puppet too weak to resist his brother's wishesÃ‚Â… His ex-wife is one of the reasons he needs money as he owes her hundreds in child supportÃ‚Â…. He longs to regain the confidence he once had with his fatherÃ‚Â… <br /><br />The third character is their weary and deplorable father Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) especially in the haunting climactic scenesÃ‚Â…<br /><br />Telling you more about the details could lessen the impact of the film and therefore the entertainment...<br /><br />Tomei's performance conveys great depth and emotion even with her look her touch her particular moveÃ‚Â…<br /><br />Lumet's direction is firm fresh and brutal.
critique3098 It does not seem that this movie managed to please a lot of people. First off not many seem to have seen it in the first place (I just bumped into it by accident) and then judging by the reviews and the rating of those that did many did not enjoy it very much.<br /><br />Well I did. I usually tolerate Gere for his looks and his charm and even though I did not consider him a great actor I know he can do crazy pretty well (I liked his Mr Jones). But this performance is all different. He is not pretty in this one and he is not charming. His character is completely different from anything I had seen from him up to that point---old ugly broken determined. And Gere in what to me is so far his best performance ever pulls it off beautifully. I guess it is a sign of how well an actor does his job if you cannot imagine anyone else doing it instead---think Hopkins as Hannibal Lecter or Washington as Alonzo in Training Day. That is how good Gere was here.<br /><br />The rest of the cast were fine by me too. I guess I would not have cast Danes in this role mostly because I think she is too good-looking for it. But she actually does an excellent job holding her own with a Gere in top form which is no small feat. Strickland easily delivers the best supporting act in a part that requires a considerable range from her. I actually think she owns the key scene with Gere and Danes and that is quite an achievement.<br /><br />So what about the rest of the movie apart from some excellent acting? The story is perhaps not hugely surprising some 8mm-ish aspects to it but adding the "veteran breaks in rookie" storyline to the who-dunnit and also (like Silence of the Lambs) adding a sense of urgency through trying to save the girl and the impending retirement of Gere's character. All that is a backdrop to the development of the two main characters as they help each other settle into their respective new stations in life. That's a lot to accomplish in a 100 minutes but it is done well and we end up caring for the characters and what happens to them.<br /><br />Direction and photography were adequate. I could have done without the modern music-video camera movements and cutting but then I am an old curmudgeon and it really wasn't all that bad in fact I think it did help with the atmosphere of the movie which as you might have guessed by and large isn't a happy one.<br /><br />Worth seeing.
critique3099 This is my all time favorite Looney Tunes cartoon. It's a common plot: Daffy Duck tries to convince Elmer Fudd that it is really rabbit season and shoot Bugs. But your can never outsmart that rabbit! In addition to usual cartoon comedy this cartoon is supported by great word play that will keep you rolling on the floor.
critique3100 This was a movie that I had heard about all my life growing up but had never seen it until a few years ago. It's reputation truly proceeded it. I knew of Michael Myers had seen the mask saw commercials for all of the crummy sequels that followed. But I was growing up during the decade where Jason and Freddy had a deadly grip on the horror game and never thought much of the Halloween franchise. Boy how I was being cheated with cheap knock offs.<br /><br />Halloween is a genuinely terrifying movie. Now by today's standards it isn't as graphic and visceral but this film delivers on all the other levels most horror movies fail to achieve today. The atmosphere that John Carpenter creates is so creepy and the fact that it is set in a quaint mid-west town is a testament to his ability. The lighting effects are down right horrifying with "The Shape" seemingly appearing and disappearing into the shadows at will. The simple yet brutally effective music score only adds to the suspense.<br /><br />The performances by all the players are well done with specific nods to Jamie Lee Curtis and Donald Pleasance. Ms. Curtis is such a good Laurie Strode because she is so likable and vulnerable. It is all the more frightening when she is being stalked by Michael Myers because the director and viewer have invested so much into her we want her to survive and get away.<br /><br />Donald Pleasance plays Dr. Loomis like a man on a mission and it works well. He adds a sense of urgency to the predicament the town finds itself in because he knows what evil stalks their streets.<br /><br />Overall not only is Halloween a great horror movie but also a great film. It works on many levels and draws the audience in and never lets up. This should be standard viewing for anyone wanting to experience a truly scary movie. And for an even more frightful time try watching it alone with the lights off. Don't be surprised if you think you see "The Shape" lurking around in the shadows!
critique3101 This is a classic British comedy-thriller I had always wanted to check out but no opportunity had arisen for that until now. It's based on a popular stage play which had already been filmed a number of times previously (most notably in 1931 by the same director but unfortunately this version seems not to have survived in its entirety!); for the remake under review the plot has been updated to the then-current wartime situation.<br /><br />Anyway I was mainly familiar with early British comedians through the films of Will Hay: given that this one features a similar plot of legendary hauntings smuggling and enemy agents it's very much in that vein (it was actually scripted by Hay's regular writing team of Marriott Edgar Val Guest and J.O.C. Orton); the stranded travelers element then was an equally tried-and-true formula. The star this time around is Arthur Askey (abetted by Richard Murdoch) - none of whose films I had watched before - who is as unlikely a hero as Hay himself and whose personality proves to be just as potentially irritating...but one soon warms up to him and Askey certainly comes up with a number of witty lines and amusing bits of business throughout to justify the fact that the lead character of the play (and the 1931 film version) was split into two here with Murdoch acting as the star's straight partner.<br /><br />The remote single setting (the events of the film largely take place during one stormy night) provides for some wonderful atmosphere; the last half-hour - with the sudden appearance of a mysterious couple (Raymond Huntley and Linden Travers) and eventually the arrival of the titular vehicle itself - is especially gripping and well handled. Also worth mentioning from the remaining cast list is Kathleen Harrison as the stereotypical frightened spinster with a parrot as her constant companion and who is driven by all the excitement to take her very first drink.
critique3102 i would like to comment the series as a great effort. The story line although requiring a few improvements was pretty well especially in season 1. Season 2 however became more of a freak show and lost DA's original charm. Season one story line was more interesting a light side to the life at Jam pony while a focused serious plot with manticore chasing down the X-series. i was looking forward to new seasons in fact i still am. I hope the FOX guys and DA production crew realize that a lot of ppl still wait for DA to make a comeback. Even after 2 yrs of it being cancelled DA can make it big if worked on properly and i think a name like James Cameron should take on this challenge.
critique3103 Above-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line. Even the music is chosen so that the words fit the action every time. A scent of "Pleasantville" camp hangs around this flick. As a period piece it's more accurate than not. Its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy but moving. Chris Cooper turns in a first-class performance as Howard's coal-miner daddy.
critique3104 This is an excellent tub-thumper from the war years.<br /><br />John Mills leads a fine cast of regular British B-movie stalwarts in a solo submarine attack upon a fictitious enemy battleship.<br /><br />Filmed in black and white it's well paced and also well placed considering that a war was going on at the time. If anything it shows how seriously the authorities took positive propaganda.<br /><br />The mission-side of the movie takes place in genuine submarines. Things are cramped and claustrophobic. The actors look suitably grimy and sweaty without being too offensive to the heroic palate. Other commentators have already drawn attention to the authentic little details like keeping the vessel trim and forgetting to read instruments as well as the engine-room activities.<br /><br />This probably is the first movie in which debris (and a dead German) is blown from the torpedo tube to fool an enemy destroyer. And it's the ONLY time I have seen part of the vessel exposed in a pretence of sinking - a high risk gamble if ever there was one.<br /><br />I'm a little sceptical as to whether or not a submarine could punch its way through a wire-rope net. Submerged speed was barely twice that of human walking speed and the net would have had a great deal of 'give'. Also the engineer was at the same work-station and operating the same levers both on the surface and submerged. This too seems implausible as either diesel or electric engines were used and they were in different sections of the ship - or so I'm told.<br /><br />There was a wee bit too much shore-side drama for my tastes. But then this was a propaganda effort and clearly contained a subtle message for civilians to mind their behaviour as it could adversely affect service morale and therefor the war effort.<br /><br />These niggles aside it's a pretty entertaining little adventure. Nowadays movies of such vintage tend to be screened in the afternoon whilst far more modern and inferior movies enjoy prime-time. But then; it's no longer politically-correct to mention the war in the presence of our European friends (Too many of them have guilty consciences) or our own left-wing fascists (non of whom have ever fought for the freedoms they now take for granted).<br /><br />As a submarine movie it is eminently collectible. Better than 'The Enemy Below' I think though less demonstrative. Not so authentic as 'Das Boot' by any means but not so gross either.
critique3105 Well.....I wouldn't want to lecture anybody but I do feel the urge to say some things I consider important about this BEAUTIFUL film. I saw it for the first time in 1976 (I was 14) and then one more time a year later. That was it. The rest of it was the pink LP of Elton John's soundtrack getting the music and the story deeper and deeper inside my heart. How deep? A week ago my cousin gave me a VHS copy as a present. (No DVD's yet). Boy....was I surprised!! Poets have always sustained that deep childhood and adolescent experiences of beauty love God idealist pursuits stay with you forever. Since they occur mostly at the heart's level (no intellect yet!) they define your soul's contours like a sculptor would do with a stone. If sometimes we didn't tend to forget how right they are perhaps we would do better in understanding the meaning of every minute of every decision of every turning point of our lives. <br /><br />So I confess I feel nostalgia. But the fascinating part of this is watching the film again and through this trip back in time enriching that understanding of why we people from the 60's grew up as we did. The spirit of those times is all here: a Genesis created far from the official world of consuming and economic success make love not war the beautiful pop ballads the poetry of the lyrics a totally romantic view of adolescent rebellion with the awakening of sexuality carefully wrapped in tender and chaste love these two lonely spirits still full of childhood innocence growing together as they learn mutual commitment and turning into "adults". <br /><br />I showed the film to a group of school youngsters and they abounded with such simplistic and cynical comments regarding it as naÃƒÂ¯ve and foolish. Guys be serious!! Cinema is an art and as art it reflects not only human emotions but historical moments. And this is exactly what "Friends" does in a masterly way. It reflects an idyllic idea of rebellion and new beginning we all dreamt about when we were 15. I'm now a musician and I feel some of us artists for that matter still dream about it!! How else could we live? That's "Friends" that's "Brother Sun Sister Moon" that's "Hair". Those were the times still alien to AIDS alien to explicit and vulgar texts in pop songs with no melody to pornography presented as "sexuality" to this barbaric new "world order" growing after September 11th. <br /><br />What a heart warming experience to see Paul and Michelle again timidly and tenderly exploring the new fantasies of their romantic world. What a trip back to the very core of our hearts: to Paris to Elton John at his best to that urban scenario surrounded by 2 CV CitroÃƒÂ«ns and the VW Beetles. What a fresh air from the peaceful cottage in Camargue surrounded by fishing ponds and wild horses. They made us who we are as did Serrat in Spain Brel in France Peter Paul and Mary Joan Baez Luther King the Beatles the early Bee Gees Belafonte's Spirituals Gandhi the Gospel of Elvis. <br /><br />People still hoping: get this picture. Start with innocence and grow from there. You'll find out what it's all about. And from there you'll have a solid and more truthful foundation; some ideals to look for in life a way to handle personal and world affairs. We need so much of this today! Give yourselves the chance and maybe someday the time of cynics will end. (I have an extra VHS copy)<br /><br />Santiago Zuleta. BogotÃƒÂ¡ Colombia.
critique3106 Set in a middle class neighborhood in the imaginary town of Willard in the 1950s this dark comedy with a light touch toys with such American obsessions as gun mania and violence materialism and keeping up with the Joneses fear of others slavery golf and the disposing of the dead. Yes it all sounds a bit heavy but trust me on this it's nearly as light as a feather.<br /><br />Zombies are featured prominently among the characters. Crucial questions arise such as: who will become a zombie (90% of the Willard folks choose this final path while only 10% prefer a traditional funeral)? Who owns how many Zombies to do their bidding like robots (they've become a mark of social status)? And what is the range of possible relationships that can be worked out between the living and the sort of reincarnated dead? <br /><br />Somehow director Andrew Currie who also co-wrote the lively screenplay (with Robert Chomiak and Dennis Heaton) keeps this improbable material percolating along for an hour and a half without once faltering for want of a good laugh. A super cast helps: Carrie-Anne Moss Billy Connolly Dylan Baker Henry Czerny Tim Blake Nelson Mary Black and Sonja Bennett are the principals aided by young K'Sun Ray as Timmy the innocent kid with a good heart who acts as fair witness to all the lunacy of the grownups. (Having seen her only in "Memento" and "The Matrix" I had no idea that Ms. Moss had such fine comedienne chops.) <br /><br />The production design and music are exquisitely 50s to a tee. Maybe this one isn't for everybody. It surely will be a hard film to beat for my annual Bizarro Award. But intelligent comedies that stay funny from start to finish are among the hardest won achievements in movie-making. For me anyway "Fido" is a hoot! My grades: 8.5/10 (A-) (Seen on 01/30/07)
critique3107 I was 5 years old when I saw this musical movie while on vacation with my family in St. Thomas in 1977 and immediately fell in love with it. 27 years later it is still an original inspiration for achieveing my goals that I have set to accomplish since that time!<br /><br />This tragic story of a hard-core "behind the scenes" of the entertainment industry during the late 50's "Sparkle" successfully portrays the struggle of three young sisters looking for their place in the sun. This story could simply become the biographical story of many young aspiring artists about what could materialize when things seem to happen too fast and role models are not available to lend a helping hand.<br /><br />The phenomenal music written and composed by Aretha Franklin and Curtis Mayfield the soundtrack carries the plot with every song. From being subjected to situations that almost leave no choice for strong long-term decision-making to making the ultimate sacrifice in order to get ahead all three young girls Sparkle Sister and Delores represent the different routes that one could take when you set out to achieve your ideal opportunity as your contribution to society.<br /><br />This movie could have possibly spawned the ideas of creating "Dreamgirls" on Broadway and Mariah Carey's "Glitter" 25 years later. As an original audience member of both productions I have seen a lot of similarities in both stories to "Sparkle" as well as in "Saturday Night Fever" "Fame" "Flashdance" and the off-Broadway smash hit "Mama I Want To Sing."
critique3108 Version: Universal / Hong Kong Legends R4 DVD release. Cantonese / English subtitles<br /><br />Once upon a time five years ago the world was obsessed with 'The Matrix' and I was perhaps one of the few fifteen year olds left who still believed that 'Terminator' was better than 'Matrix'. I was but a simple teenage boy looking for a good action movie and then there was a shining light on a TV station I had never really watched a little station known as SBS. One night I noticed in the TV guide that a movie starring Jackie Chan - 'Police Story' would be on later. Being fifteen and having only seen 'Rumble in the Bronx' and 'Rush Hour' I said... "WOW AWESOME" and sat down to watch it and continually shouted "WOW AWESOME" as the movie progressed. Two weeks later after SBS had shown the 'Police Story' trilogy I knew I had found my new favourite actor.<br /><br />Jackie plays Chan Ka Kui a Hong Kong cop who busts a major drug-lord Chu (Yuen Chor). Chu's secretary Selina Fong (Brigitte Lin) is being held by the police as a witness against Chu and Chan is assigned to protect her. Things go bad - reaaaal bad - when Chu's case is dismissed and he decides he wants Fong and Chan dead.<br /><br />'Police Story' is one of the greatest action movies ever and certainly one of my favourite Jackie Chan films. It starts off strong and ends with one of the most incredible action sequences ever filmed. Everything in between is great. However some of the funny parts may seem a little tasteless to more than a few people...<br /><br />As a story this is still one of Jackie's better efforts. For an action movie the story is pretty good and Jackie is a much better actor in this than he is in the acting & plot intensive 'New Police Story'. This isn't 'Miracles' but maybe that's a good thing.<br /><br />'Police Story' is one of Jackie's finest works. It got me hooked on Jackie Chan movies and should provide a nice start for any potential Jackie fans. The bad news for anyone who sees this first is that Jackie Chan movies don't come much better - 10/10
critique3109 I loved this movie when I was a kid. I saw it theatrically. Randy Edelman did a good composition of the soundtrack. David Seville is the Chipmunks' father and recording manager. The Chipmunks consist of Alvin who is best known for playing the harmonica Simon who is a bright and studious chipmunk & Theodore who is the youngest and is always hungry. There is a lady known as Miss Miller who looks after the chipmunks and has 3 daughters known as Brittany Jeanette & Eleanor who all have the same character as the Chipmunks. My favourite songs from this soundtrack include "Diamond Dolls" The Girls of Rock & Roll" & the touching "My Mother". Alvin really wanted to see Europe when Dave had to go there for business. The Chipmunks meet the Chipettes playing the Around the World in 30 days video game which led them to race each other doing the real thing.
critique3110 OK heres what I say: <br /><br />The movie was excellent. I am a huge Nancy fan and I have read all 1-56 original books and I went on to read more. I am now on 96. Beware of villains giving this movie a lower grade than it should have. All clues point to a wonderful movie! I loved the whole thing. So what Nancy is in current time. She is still old fashioned like she is in the books! People who haven't read more than 5 books are complaining about the view of Nancy. I have read all of them and I think Emma is perfect and that Nancy was perfect. I found parts of the movie spooky. I loved the exciting car chases and get aways. I loved the clues. I solved the mystery myself! It was really wonderful. I suggest you go see it since people who have been complaining know nothing of A what a good movie is and B about Nancy Drew. Go see it. It may not be Oscar worthy but its really a good movie.
critique3111 This is a classic that will be able to hold up with drama's to come simply because of the fact that it is shot with a 70's style and it's a story about the 70's. It is funny action-filled entertaining and sad at the same time. It has the effect to pull you into the lives of these poor folks and the consequences for their actions. 4 STARS!
critique3112 i don't believe it sixty percent of voters voted this show as ten now how the hell is the rating a five point eight it impossible i don't get it its totally pathetic i mean how. anyway the show is great the story is great and the characters are interesting definitely a ten out of ten from me i think the creatures are cool they look great and i wish i had a nimrod great show great cgi hope there's a second series as a lot went unanswered in the first season and when is nimrod gonna get any bigger as the rest of the creatures are huge again why is the rating so low when the votes were so high <br /><br />10/10
critique3113 Did you know that Anthony Kiedis (singer from the Red Hot Chili Peppers) father is in this movie. Blackie Dammit is Anthony's father. I noticed this after reading "Scar Tissue" Anthony's autobiography and saw a picture of his father. I thought "well that guy kinda looks like that guy from that movie I saw in the eighties. Then I read more and it said his father was an actor that had a few small roles. After checking this site and comparing with a search on the net I realized it really is his father in the movie. It's funny because nowhere in the book does it mention him being in this movie. Perhaps his son was ashamed of his father's acting job in this flick but he need not be. I think his father Blackie did a great job in the show.
critique3114 The Falcon and the Snowman is based on a true story. Christopher Boyce and Andrew Daulton Lee (the titular traitors) played by Timothy Hutton and Sean Penn received their code- names from the KGB. Why? Boyce was an avid falconer and Lee was a coke head. The movie is based on a true story. It's based on the book of the same name. Another reviewer asked what was their motivation? Disillusionment it ain't. Ideology it ain't. (Pardon my bad grammar) but I'm making a point here. What was it if it wasn't disillusionment or ideology? In a word greed. By the time of the Boyce-Lee case money became the great motivator and not ideology. Don't believe me? Then look at the Walker Family Spy Ring which was broken in the late '80s. Three spies did the worst damage to our national security in the '70s and '80s. John Walker who began his career as a spy in the '60s Christopher Boyce and Andrew Daulton Lee. All three sold out this country for thirty pieces of silver. If you aren't familiar with that phrase I suggest you read the Bible.
critique3115 A lovely librarian played by Playboy model Kristine DeBell falls asleep and dreams herself into a strange world filled with extremely uninhibited peopleÃ‚Â… These people love to sing and dance and fool aroundÃ‚Â… Alice has a series of sensual adventures among these charactersÃ‚Â… <br /><br />The film was originally shot as a poem to eroticism with few explicit sex scenes which were eventually cut from its theatrical releaseÃ‚Â… Videocassette versions however have had some of the original erotic encounters joined at the end with themÃ‚Â… <br /><br />For an extremely low-budget picture the producers of this film did an extremely good jobÃ‚Â… The cinematography is full of life and energy the dances and numbers quite professional and the acting lovableÃ‚Â… Without a doubt it is one of the best adult fairy tales aroundÃ‚Â
critique3116 I saw this television version of a Christie mystery story when it was shown back on Channel 5 in New York City in 1980. At the time I was surprised it was not shown on Channel 13 the Public Television Station that showed most of the Masterpiece Theater programs but (aside from some Dorothy Sayers "Lord Peter Wimsey" stores and THE MOONSTONE) the BBC productions rarely dealt with British detective stories. Another series THE RIVALS OF SHERLOCK HOLMES had dealt with stories set in the Victorian and Edwardian period so a period charm was involved in getting those stories onto Channel 13.<br /><br />The plot of WHY DIDN'T THEY ASK EVANS? dealt with a young couple stumbling upon a dying man who's only last words are the question of the title of the story (the novel was originally called WHY DIDN'T THEY ASK EVANS? but subsequently was retitled THE BOOMERANG CLUE). The young couple start investigating the murder and trace the crime to a set of people who surround a questionable doctor (Eric Porter). Despite the warnings of the father of the hero (John Gielgud) the hero (James Warwick) and the heroine (Francesca Annis) pursue their investigation - even as it gets murkier and more dangerous. The death of another suspect by suicide increases the apparent dangers as the killer starts looking into silencing the two amateur detectives.<br /><br />It's not a bad film although I agree it was a bit too long for a single night's entertainment (if it had been done like later Miss Marple episodes with Joan Hickson or the Hercule Poirot episodes in two parts it would have been better). But it has it's strengths. One is the proper use of Porter as chief suspect and a clever scene later in the film where he appears to be spying on the young couple who are investigating the mystery. If you stick to the film you will be in for a fair surprise later on.<br /><br />But it has one failing. When dealing with a Christie novel the figures in the story have to be in a rigid schedule of movements so that the reader might be able to figure out what the secret of the plot is. I will only add that if you hear the dialog at one point and how a little boy was almost killed (but wasn't) then you will find all the parts of the story coming together and what the villain's motivations were.<br /><br />Except for that and the lengthy time the telefilm takes to tell it's story it is quite a good film and worthy as one of the best programs based on a Christie story in the period when their was a sudden renaissance in films based on her novels.
critique3117 Fantastic series one of my few favorites (Miami Vice and Tour of Duty are the other two and this series is right up there with them).<br /><br />These guys aren't into wearing frilly tights - they dress more like woodsmen. Everything about this series breathes an aire of realism artistic license or not.<br /><br />It paints a picture of a Europe only slightly out of the grasp of paganism as most of the villagers still have their local deities and there are Satan worshipping nuns and magi witches and sorcerers casting spells.<br /><br />However what comes to the fore most is that it's a series of it's time. Rather than the version of the fifties which was a lament against centralized government and the McCarthy era persecutions this series is thoroughly grounded in the 1980s Thatcherist bleakness and has a strong environmentalist leaning. Robin's protector is a nature worshipper called Hern The Hunter who often appears wearing the head of a deer and is a personification (as is this Robin) of The Green Man an alternative version of Osiris (the Egyptian god of vegetation and resurrection - it is interesting to note that in these series Robin In The Hood isn't a person but a concept; when the old one is killed a new one is summoned telepathically by Hern - the person may die but Robin In The Hood will live forever hence the concept of resurrection).<br /><br />The music and score are really outstanding and performed by the Irish formation Clannad. When watching it I couldn't help but think how _boring_ authentic medieval Anglosaxon folk music would have been. :-)<br /><br />All this is beautifully shot in the lush forrests of Wales which pass for The New Forrest.<br /><br />The only down side is that in the initial episodes of both series the actors have to overcome their own skepsis and convince themselves that this really is a serious work. After that they get into it and the acting is great! Michael Praed as the first Robin (the second is played by Sean Connery's son Jason) Judi Trott makes a beautiful and fragile redheaded Marion Phil Rose as the portly and really kind-hearted friar Tuck Ray Winstone as the volatile and lovelorn Scarlet Clive Mantle as the giant shepard Little John Peter Llewellyn Williams as Little John's bumpkin friend and fellow shepard and Mark Ryan as the ex-Hashashin/Assassin Nazir - all of them giving great performances. Also great are the steady Bad Guys Nicholas Grace as the bug-eyed scheming Sheriff of Nottingham and his aristocratic bumbling sidekick (and Robin's half brother as it turns out) Robert Addie as Sir Guy of Gisburne. Really cool too is fashion designer Richard O'Brien as the evil Lord Owen of Clun's (Olliver Cotton) magician Gulnar (he appears near the end of the first series and later in the second).<br /><br />The Tithe Barn in Bradford on Avon stood in for the Sheriff's castle. (Check it out on bradfordonavon.co.uk under "places of interest".)<br /><br />So if you're at all into mythology the Middle Ages romanticism don't waste your time on Xena or Hercules - this is the real thing so go out and watch it!<br /><br />Alex
critique3118 This episode introduced the Holodeck to the TNG world. The Jarada have to be contacted and a precise greeting must be delivered or it would greatly insult them. A tired Picard decides to take a trip into the Holodeck and a wonderful adventure begins. The settings are superb and almost movie like. Alas the Jarada probe sent shortly thereafter damages the holodeck and all it's safety devices stop working. Picard and now guests must outwit the mobsters of gangland 40s America and return to the Jarada rendezvous. Picard greets the Jarada correctly and a new day dawns between Humanity and the Jarada. This gem of a first season episode set the holodeck for many interesting and unusual adventures to be had there
critique3119 The above summary really isn't meant as a slam against this film as the series followed a very similar format. As usual Simon Templar ("The Saint") meets a lady in distress and comes to her aid. He also comes to the aid of a police detective who was framed of accepting a bribe. Along the way he meets some interesting supporting characters (this time Paul Guilfoyle as "Pearly" Gates) and during his unraveling of this not especially compelling mystery (none of them really are) Templar is extremely erudite and just plain cool! George Sanders is once again the consummate sophisticated British do-gooder and he succeeds once again in making an excellent B-detective series film. Nothing particularly special but a familiar and breezy product sure to please fans of the genre.
critique3120 When you compare what Brian De Palma was doing in the 80's to what passes for entertainment today his films keep looking better and better. "Dressed To Kill "Blow Out" "Body Double" "Scarface" and "Carlito's Way" are all superb works of a cinematic craftsman at the peak of his powers. The guy had a long run of better than average films. This is pure Hitchcock with an 80's dash of lurid perversion an affectionately told tale of lust and murder with plenty of twists huge helpings of style a stunning Pino Donaggio score and a trashy giallo-inspired plot. De Palma's love of complex camera-work and luscious blood-smudged visuals helps overcome the logical holes while the terrific performances of Dennis Franz Keith Gordon (a good director in his own right) Nancy Allen (De Palma's wife at the time) and Michael Caine make every scene special. Let the virtuoso take you on a surreal scary erotically charged odyssey and you'll enjoy every frame of "Dressed To Kill".
critique3121 This movie completely ran laps around the original Dolemite. It had everything that makes a movie great..except for real actors. (Ernie Hudson couldn't do it alone and you KNOW that! LOL) I admit that I have killed my first video tape of this movie and I plan to buy the DVD version again as soon as possible! This movie has so many catchy lines it's pitiful! I am embarrassed to say that I know the theme song backwards and forwards! I love Jimmy Lynch's character to death and he should have won the Best Supporting Actor Award in Blaxploitation but the Oscars were NEVER ready for this! This is a random film consisting of Crooked Cops Breasts Chases Bad Editing and of course martial arts. (Being that it's the 70's and I can say everyone knew some kind of martial arts). I think this movie should be restored and shown one night in the midst of a marathon in local theaters!
critique3122 Hatred of a Minute is arguably one of the better films to come out of Michigan in recent years. Not to say that it's a brilliant film by any means but it's definitely worth a watch.<br /><br /> "Hatred" chronicles the sordid adventures of Eric Seaver (played by director Kallio) a formerly abused child now grown up and starting to listen to his evil side.<br /><br /> "Hatred" is very nice visually. The shots are creative and the lighting is approporiately moody and interesting to look at. This film actually has an element of production value to it unlike other recent Michigan releases like "Dark Tomorrow" and "Biker Zombies." Subtle dolly shots and stylized shot composition show good use of this film's $350000 budget.<br /><br /> However "Hatred" stumbles in the same places that so many other local films do and that's in the story and character department. Essentially things just kind-of happen. Eric Seaver doesn't evolve at all. Basically he's always been crazy it's just that people are starting to notice. The film just wanders along its merry way with very little development. Also the ending is very abrupt.<br /><br /> However- since this is a horror film since when do we care about plot? We just want to see people die and "Hatred" certainly delivers. As the body count mounted people in the theater started cheering "Kill her! Kill em' all!" When people scream back at the screen it's always fun.<br /><br /> That's the place where "Hatred" succeeds. It's fun. And in the end that's all that really matters.
critique3123 Being a fan of time travel stories I was surprised that there was no 'device' that sent Russell Johnson's character through time. He just appeared in 1865. It was a disappointing part of the episode. I enjoyed the premise of the dangers of 'altering' the future by changing the past. Other Twilight Zone episodes about time travel such as "No Time Like The Past" "Once Upon A Time" etc. were more to my liking because of the uses of time travel 'devices'. Perhaps if Russell Johnson's character had been the same character he played in "Execution" it would have been more acceptable to fans like myself. As sci-fi fans know no characters really ever have to 'die' in time travel episodes. All sorts of plot 'twists' can be applied in these types of stories. That was the only flaw I could comment on for this episode.
critique3124 during eddie murphy's stand up a women from the audience yells at eddie and a man from the audience responds. what is said is women - DO MR ROB (this is a character from Saturday night live) the man responds with SHUT UP BITCH. unlike the previous post saying the women yelled do gumby this is incorrect although the post-er said he was there they must have a hearing problem! despite what the post-er says about not being able to here it on DVD have a close listen as you actually can hear it on the DVD - DO MR ROB!!!! i hope this helps anyone curious out the outburst cheers gaz!!!!!! !!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!! !!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!! !!!!!!!
critique3125 2:37 succeeds admirably at showing us what Australian teenagers feel and don't say. These are the stories of real kids and I think we would be naive to think otherwise. The only new thing 2:37 really brings us is an Australian point of view. We often watch troubled American children but often fail to link the same problems to our own teens. Executed with clever and artful cinematography I did however (upon immediate recognition of the disappointing final song) find the musical direction lacking in sophistication. I applaud the fabulous casting of this film. These are regular looking Aussie kids who invite plenty of sympathy because of this. Great performances all round and you can't top Gary Sweet this film made me remember why sometimes high school sucked and unless you're squeamish or you like to leave with warm and fuzzies go and see 2:37.
critique3126 This movie is not what it appears to be. Clint Eastwood is not Dirty Harry or a "cowboy" here. The movie's appeal comes from its careful manipulation of atmosphere and theme. It's a Gothic tale set in the Civil War and as such all the film's "action" or lack thereof takes place inside a house populated by Southern Belles of all ages and shapes.<br /><br />The horror comes from viewing the whole story through the eyes of the Clint Eastwood character. Seeing him stranded in the house and held captive by the women is a very "beguiling" experience indeed. And who is "beguiled" here exactly? Are the women beguiled by Eastwood's incredible looks? Are we the viewers beguiled by both his sexual allure and the potential deviant sexualities it unleashes? Or does "beguiled" refer to what the director does here-- holds us enthralled for a short space only to (maybe)let us go? Don Siegel does all of the above in one of the most memorable and disturbing films I had the pleasure of watching.
critique3127 All I can say after watching the DVDs of the first season is that I can not believe NBC "green-lighted" this show. It's so different than what's currently in vogue save for Lost. Those who miss the X-Files just may have a worthy successor. Not as mysterious or intense as Lost I find it to be overall more entertaining.<br /><br />This kind of extended story is hard to make. I mean it could degenerate into childish dribble if most of the elements do not cohere together. But cohere they do and I think the cast is excellent the writing sharp the location and props first rate and the special effects very good for a television budget. Sure it pushes what is plausible but as it does it never gets so silly as to insult your intelligence.<br /><br />Bottomline is that this is great Sci-Fi drama for the entire family. I doubt it will be a classic with a long run like X-Files but in the meantime I recommend getting the DVD if you missed it like I did the first time around. This fall my must see shows has just increased by one more series!<br /><br />PS: I just heard it got axed from NBC...Here's hoping Sci-Fi picks it up.
critique3128 I'm 14 years old and I love this cartoon. Burt Reynolds and Dom Deluise make a great pair. This movie is really funny and I love the songs. My favorite songs are "You can't keep a good dog down" and that song about sharing I think it's called "What's mine is yours". This was the last movie with Judith Barsi who played the voice of Anne-Marie. My favorite character is Charlie but I find Itchy's voice is so fun to hear. Although some scenes I actually found scary I still have a hard time watching the scene with Charlie's dream and Carface scares the crap out of me. Other characters like King Gator I found really funny. The ending was adorable and was actually sad made me cry a little. I give this movie 7/10.
critique3129 You don't see the meaning of the title till much later but you get the point of it in the first few minutes. This directorial debut from Golden Globe nominated (for actor) Danny DeVito also playing Owen/Ned 'Little Ned' Lift is a terrific Hitchcock-like film about one man's hate for his wife's book (she stole his) and one man's hate for his mother. Basically Owen wants to be a good writer like his teacher Larry Donner (Billy Crystal) and he inspired by murder stories. Larry suggests he see a Hitchcock film quite ironic and that is when Owen has the idea to kill Larry's ex-wife Margaret (Star Trek Voyager's Kate Mulgrew). Owen is inspired by 'Strangers on a Train' swapping murders so Larry must kill Owen's horrible Momma (Oscar and Golden Globe nominated Anne Ramsey). Larry was convinced Owen killed Margaret and also that he had to/wanted to kill Owen's Momma but there is a happy ending when months later both Larry and Owen bring out books Momma died naturally and they went on a holiday with Beth Ryan (Kim Greist). Also starring Rob Reiner as Joel and Oprah Winfrey. With hilarious moments a great director/actor and his support this is a must-see comedy. Very very good!
critique3130 Leland follows the story of Leland P. Fitzgerald (Ryan Gosling) a disaffected teenager who has apparently murdered a severely retarded peer the brother of a girl he was dating. The issue is not whether he did it or not Ã‚Â– Leland admits to it straight away Ã‚Â– but rather why. Interestingly rather than a crime drama Leland becomes a character story examining why people do what they do Ã‚Â– not necessarily the easiest ground to till.<br /><br />And Leland features the required indie group of screwed-up people. Aside from the title character there's also Pearl (Don Cheadle) who is his teacher at the juvenile correctional facility and who sees straight off that Leland is different. We meet Leland's distant and egotistical father (Kevin Spacey in an extended cameo) who never seems emotionally stirred in any way by what his son did. But the real flavorings come out when we immerse ourselves in the Pollards the family of the retarded child. First there's Leland's girlfriend Becky (Jena Malone) a drug addict who can't keep herself clean; her sister Julie (Michelle Williams) perhaps the most normal person in the film who merely seeks to get away from it all; and Allen Harris (Chris Klein) a young man who lives with the Pollards and is Julie's boyfriend. Lastly there's Ryan (Michael Welch) whom all the others call goofball who cannot communicate and seems barely aware of his surroundings.<br /><br />Leland focuses primarily on its eponymous protagonist but the movie slowly Ã‚Â– occasionally too slowly Ã‚Â– burrows into everyone's lives asking the chief question why do people do what they do? While Leland discusses it openly in a journal Pearl allows him to keep examining notions of good and bad and personal responsibility all the characters at some point in the film face a moment where they must make the fundamental choice of their own happiness or another's perhaps the most basic choice any human can make. And the movie takes a good look at what goes into those choices and the consequences of them.<br /><br />In the beginning of the film you're simply struck by the depth of the cast. Spacey. Cheadle. Gosling. Michelle Williams. Even Chris Klein Ã‚Â– these are people who for the most part tend to elevate any film they are in and putting them all together makes for a heady brew. For a space in the middle the film seems to stall sputtering along as it unfolds; it looks for a while as if it will be content merely to ask questions and not supply any answers. But when we arrive at the home stretch and the movie starts to hit its stride and come together Leland becomes a quietly powerful piece of film-making. Leland's explanation of the world and his actions in the end bring every story into focus and all the investment you've made in the film pays off.<br /><br />Saying Ryan Gosling is excellent is like saying a sunny day is nice. At this point in his career it's redundant Ã‚Â– this is one of the finest young actors working today and it is a pleasure to watch him craft what could have been an unlikable character into a thought-provoking protagonist. Gosling employs such subtlety here that it hardly seems like acting; he has to face off most of the film opposite Don Cheadle whom we know has the goods and he not only holds his own he elevates Cheadle's game as well. Cheadle himself is in top notch form imbuing Pearl with a fully-rounded humanity Ã‚Â– for good and bad. Spacey is kind of one-note but that's the character and he handles it excellently. I was surprised by Chris Klein; with this level of acting I thought he would be buried in the mix but he gives probably the turn of his career so far. Terrific work all around.<br /><br />Leland is a bit of a downer and again it's draggy in spots. But it finishes strongly and leaves a lasting impact on the viewer (on this one anyway). There's also a subtle commentary on racism in the film (in Leland's first day in juvenile hall class he's the only white person in the room) that like much of the movie is very effectively handled. I wouldn't go so far as to call this required viewing Ã‚Â– some might find it too slow or too odd Ã‚Â– but I thought it was one of the better films I've seen in a while far stronger and more satisfying than most fare out there. I'd recommend it Ã‚Â– with the above caveats Ã‚Â– if for no other reason than to watch Gosling further perfect his craft.
critique3131 It is always a nice suprise when a film made for TV turns out to be entertaining such as Little Richard. This is a very watchable film about the story of Rock and Roller Little Richard played by an actor called Leon who i have never seen before but does an very good job. As most TV films  this is a little tamer than if made for Cinema which is a shame because i am sure there is lot we could have seen about Little Richard that was controversial. Instead we see a lot religous rubbish which is the only thing that spoils the film and eventually spoilt a very promising career. All in all this film is good and the acting is above average fot a TV film. 7 out of 10.
critique3132 I wasn't expecting to be so impacted by this film portraying a family just like the one you'd expect to be living next door. They are ordinary flesh-and-blood people not like the typical Hollywood fare. They face an all too common problem--debilitating illness. But the story-line grips the heart with a powerful lesson. Casting script direction and acting flow together with a surge that draws the viewer deep into the story. Give this film your full attention and its message will truly inspire.
critique3133 I honestly didn't think at first that this movie would make me laugh like hell and admire the great gore effects boy was I wrong! From the very beginning to the very end the film showed some great gore effects accompanied by spoofs from other titles like "Evil Dead" and "Gremlins". This movie could be compared to Peter Jackson's works of art though this movie isn't as gory as "Braindead" but I sure wait these guys'll make another splatter movie.
critique3134 I have just seen this broadcast on Channel 4. Having seen some of the earlier comments here I think I would like to state firstly that I am not in favour of the death penalty. With that out of the way I was expecting great things of this film but it just didn't quite deliver. Dead Man Walking is very cleanly done with good performances all round and a good script. In fact it's hard to fault it artistically. However I felt that although it attempted to confront the issues surrounding capital punishment it seemed to become sidetracked by the religious/moral stance (hardly surprising given that the main character is a nun). Although I'm not a heartless individual I didn't really empathise with any of the characters in the story. If you don't take religion seriously then you probably won't see much in this film. I think that Peter Medak's Let Him Have It was a much more powerful and moving film and I would strongly recommend anyone considering watching this to go and see that.
critique3135 This is without a doubt one of Neil Simon's best plays turned movies. It's full of great characters and memorable dialog. Johnathan Silverman makes a great screen version of young Eugene(he was played by Matthew Broderick on stage).This is the first of Simon's autobiographical trilogy its followed by the wonderful "Biloxi Blues" and closes with the TV movie "Broadway Bound". If I had to say the movie has any flaws it would maybe be that characters sometimes usually speak in obvious dialog but that's alright because it's great dialog. Rent this little gem you won't be sorry!
critique3136 This is one worth watching although it is sometimes cheesy it is great to see a young Sean Astin and this ends up being quite an entertaining and humorous action movie. I watched it many times when I was young and now still enjoy it when I pop the old vhs into the machine (I happen to own a copy). So sit back with this movie let reality go for a little while and you will be able to have a few good laughs and an enjoyable hour and a half.
critique3137 This early version of the tale 'The Student of Prague' was made in Germany in 1913 starring Paul Wegener (who was also in 'The Golem' a few years later). In this film he plays a dual role (technically impressive for a 95 year old film to see them in the same shot) after meeting a mysterious old man who makes a pact with him for gold - the gold he needs to woo a countess he's previously saved from drowning.<br /><br />Moving at a fast pace (the film runs just over an hour) and fairly well written and characterised 'The Student of Prague' has echoes of the Faust legend as well as Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde starting as it does with a pact with a mysterious figure of potential evil and developing into good and evil sides of the same person.
critique3138 I noticed this movie was getting trashed well before it hit the theaters and I too didn't have high hopes for it. I figured it was another "You Got Served" type of movie with some nice dance moves and horrid acting. I was at the theater and deciding between this and Meet the Spartans and picked this. To my surprise the acting wasn't bad at all and the movie was actually pretty good. The fact that it has a lower rating than You Got Served is absolutely ridiculous. Instead of listening to the garbage posted on here I recommend going to see a matinÃƒÂ©e showing of this movie so you don't spend too much. I think you will be pleasantly surprised with how wrong everyone has been about it. When it comes to dance movies this is certainly one of the better ones with far superior acting than many of the other ones. Go see the movie and judge for yourself. Hopefully the rating will rise after it comes out on DVD and more people check the movie out instead of judging it based on comments before the movie released.<br /><br />edit The movie is now moving closer to its correct rating. Over 1000 people have given it a rating of 9 a bit too high but at least it is helping to offset the ridiculous votes of 1.
critique3139 after seeing this film for the 3rd time now i think it is almost Adam's worst film PUNCH DRUNK LOVE IS POOR in comparison to this i must say at the end when Dickie gets thrown of the boat it is so funny (the hair is different to his and i like it when he flips everyone off. This film should only be brought if your a true Adam Sandler fan.<br /><br />the characters are poor in comparison to his funny films like the Waterboy which has the same people in it (Peter Dante) who is one of the assassins trying to kill the Australian bird.<br /><br />this film lack depth and a decent story line and deserves to be in the bottom 100
critique3140 Following my experience of Finland for slightly more than a week I'd say this movie depicts the nature of the Finnish society very accurately. Especially the young-couple-with-a-baby-having-serious-issues phenomenon is very familiar to me as I witnessed the exact same thing in person when I was in Finland. The relationships and problems of people fragility of the marriage institution the drinking culture unemployment and the ascending money problem all are very well put without any subjectivity or exaggeration.<br /><br />There are some points in the film that are not necessarily easy to comprehend and tie to each other but the joint big picture is nonetheless rewarding. Not each one of the short stories is exciting or profound but as said above the big picture does not fail to deliver the feeling of "real life" and captivate the viewer. I happen to think in a calm moment: What is happening in the lives of all these people on the street? Well this is what is happening. Movies like this are good to feed your imaginative power. It would be safe to assume this film could apply to the life in many countries but it particularly reflects Finland as it is and pretty damn well.<br /><br />One comment about the acting: Being the fan of Finnish cinema I am I've never seen any of these actors on any other movie but I found the acting in this feature right next door to perfect overall. Maybe not a masterpiece but a very good try by the entire crew. I'll be keeping an eye on the future releases of the director and the cast..<br /><br />75 / 10
critique3141 Was the script more fitting for a 30 minute sitcom? Yes but they still make it work! I thought the actors did a fantastic job with an otherwise bland script especially Jack Black and Christopher Walken. Most people on the board seem to really hate this film. I personally can't see how that could be but Envy is just one of those film that you either love it or hate it. Much like Napoleon Dynamite and every Leslie Neilsen movie ever made. You either think it's one of the worst movies ever made or one of the funniest. Don't avoid this movie because of the reviews. Watch it and see if you're one of the ones who really like it! If you do I guarantee it's worth your money. If you don't like it... well now you know.
critique3142 This movie would had worked much better if this was the first Critters movie this is a low-budget movie with only two (2) Critters shown on-screen. Why this looks like a fail is because this is the last Critters movie and it's so low-budget that it seems the director made the whole movie with his own pocket money. However I did like this movie I compare it mostly with the third movie (which were bad). Critters 4 have a more serious tone in it the first half of the movie (even without seeing one Critter yet) you have a scary feeling watching it too bad they didn't "milk" out the Critters I mean even if they only had two (2) puppets they could still have used them on-screen a lot more. The Critters also have different deaths in this movie which made this a little special especially at the end with the frozen Critter. Ug has a promotion in this part and is different in this movie which took me by surprise. Lastly I liked this one because it also has some kind of conclusion to the series so at least we won't see a Critters 5 anymore. Oh one last thing I missed one scene in this movie we never see a Critter shoot a spike from its back maybe these puppets didn't have that feature but I was very disappointed not seeing that (in Critters 3 we see a lot of spike shooting which was the only good thing I liked about that movie).
critique3143 By 1952 Hollywood decided to remake the Al Jolson first-talking classic.<br /><br />This time the Cantor's son was played by Danny Thomas. Coming home from the army it is expected that he follow in the footsteps of his father and other male relatives by becoming a cantor. However young Mr. Golding has quite a zest for show business.<br /><br />At this time he meets Peggy Lee an aspiring singer. She acts very well and her rendition of her favorite song Lover is remarkable. The film writers were smart not to plug the obvious Jewish guy and non-Jewish girlfriend relationship. If anything this is glossed over. In his anger for betraying his pledge to become a cantor his father makes the traditional Jewish sign indicative of a loss in the family. This would not be done under circumstances of breaking a pledge it would be done if among the orthodox an inter-faith marriage would take place.<br /><br />Thomas does a really good job of playing the cantor's son. His singing is up to par as the film ends on a positive note.<br /><br />Am surprised that technical advisers did not realize that women do not carry pocketbooks into synagogue on the sabbath or at all during that period.
critique3144 This movie is a classic in every sense of the word. It is very entertaining and also very disturbing. The acting in this movie is well done. The story itself is believable suspenseful and well thought out. Character development is also done well the audience can clearly see how each of the characters is emotionally tested through this film. The villains in this movie are very threatening from the first moment the audience sees them they can tell that they are up to something. This movie shows how a human being when taken from civilization and put in the middle of the woods facing a life or death situation can slowly become almost as wild and feral as the animals that inhabit it. Not everyone is going to like this film there is a lot of disturbing content that may make some viewers uncomfortable. It is definitely worth watching. This movie is a masterpiece.
critique3145 UK-born Australian helmer Alex Frayne calls for attention with his strange necessitating a meticulous read visually stunning Modern Love (2006). Following the steps of a man incapable of controlling a drastic personality change spurred by the death of a close relative pic offers a fascinating examination of human psychology. Distributed by Accent Film-Australia.<br /><br />John (Mark Constable) his wife Emily (Victoria Hill) and their son Edward (William Traeger) arrive in a small Southern town to take care of his deceased uncle's (Don Barker) property. While Emily and Edward check into a local hotel John begins to question the locals about Uncle Tom's death - some say that he committed suicide some are unwilling to talk. Puzzled John comes up with a theory of his own - Uncle Tom is alive and well hiding in the nearby bushes.<br /><br />If not for the occasional lines of dialog used to ease its heavy atmospheric tone Modern Love could have been easily mistaken for a Sokurov film. Shot with a 16mm camera its washed-out color scheme is strangely evocative of the Russian director's reflective forays into human agony. Perhaps it isn't a coincidence that it was at the Moscow International Film Festival where Modern Love had its premiere.<br /><br />Looking under the surface of this unique collage of intoxicating visuals however reveals a slightly different picture - while Sokurov's films tend to remain painfully intimate to a point where they intentionally detach the main protagonists from the surrounding environment by blurring everything into a large splash of the director's preferred yellow Modern Love very much feeds off the Australian countryside. John's gradual psychological transformation is dependent on it and the more the story progresses the more it becomes obvious that nature was an integral part of Frayne's vision.<br /><br />In Sokurov's The Second Circle a young man returns to the Russian countryside to bury his deceased father. In the shack where the old man once lived everything is covered with dust. He gathers the few old clothes scattered around and places the body of his father in a coffin. Then he bids goodbye and buries it. The rest of the film is a prolonged reflection on the collapse of the Soviet system the loneliness and dissatisfaction many were left dealing with.<br /><br />In Modern Love somewhat ironically love is nowhere to be seen. On the contrary it is pain loneliness and dissatisfaction with "modernity" that suddenly invade John's life. Unlike The Second Circle however here the main protagonist has the opportunity to re-embrace his modern life. His wife and son await him yet he walks away. Slowly but surely the present begins to disintegrate under the weight of a somewhat confusing past.<br /><br />I doubt Frayne intended for Modern Love to be so strikingly similar to what Sokurov did in The Second Circle. Yet the pacing and in particular the puzzling framing are precisely what transforms this film into a near meditative experience - a difficult and enormously brittle approach to deconstructing human psychology the two directors have mastered to perfection.<br /><br />Mark Constable delivers a top-notch performance as John adding even greater depth to his highly challenging character. His facial expressions are outstanding. Both Victoria Hill and William Traeger match perfectly with their performances pic's tense visual style.
critique3146 There are other reviews here so I don't need to say how great it is or what it's about...My point is: I heard about this movie ages ago before it was shown. I can't even remember HOW I just know it was through the internet. The distributors went under before it ever hit! For months I moped and complained. Please note that on this page there's a link to buy this film and the only highlighted area is VHS at Amazon.com in Germany. You can use Alta Vista's Babelfish to translate. I know it's PAL format and they DID change the text on the screen to German and there's a tiny little bit of narration at the beginning that's also been dubbed in German but as hilarious and campy as this film is it really only makes it funnier! If you want to see this movie and you have a place nearby that does conversions it's SO worth it! It cost about twenty dollars or so to get to the U.S. from Germany. Trust me it might seem like a lot to spend on a film but if you're into corny b-flicks you'll be blowing money left and right getting conversions for your friends!
critique3147 A mix of comedy romance music(?!) action and horror. A knockout. This is one of the reasons people rave about Hong Kong cinema. If you're looking for something totally original look no further. Entertainment at it's peak.
critique3148 Gung Ho is one of those movies that I never get tired of watching. Michael Keaton has always been a favorite of mine & he is absolutely hilarious in this movie. Matching him step for step is Gedde Watanabe. The two of them work wonderfully together. Although this movie is a comedy I also like how it shows Hunt (Keaton) & Kazihiro (Watanabe) struggling in their roles as the leaders of their respective groups. They both try so hard to keep the peace & then they finally get into a fight (which is hysterical to watch). First they're both on the floor. Then Hunt jumps on a chair. Kazihiro jumps on the desk. Hunt jumps on the desk with him. The fight then spills out from the office into the factory. I love that after they are separated by the workers you can tell that they both feel bad for letting things get so out of hand. Also there is a scene where you can see the influence that Hunt has had on Kazihiro. He is at his house & his boss from Japan arrives & says he would like to visit the factory tomorrow: <br /><br />Kazihiro: Tomorrow not good day. Sakamoto: Why not? Kazihiro: Factory is locked & we can't find key.<br /><br />Tell me you can't picture Michael Keaton saying something like that!<br /><br />I guess I really like this movie because it is genuinely funny & also shows how people that are radically different can not only learn from each other but become good friends as well.
critique3149 This is an absolutely incredible film. It shows South African racism from the perspective of the victims and provokes a feeling of anti-racism in everyone who sees it. It is the best historic film I have ever seen.
critique3150 AWWWW I just love this movie to bits. Me and my cousins enjoy this movie a lot and I am just such a HUGE FAN!!! I hope they bring the TV series out on DVD soon. Come to mention it I have not see the TV show in a LONG time. Such geart times! Where I come from Australia The Chipmunk Adventure is only known by people in their late teens and adult years which is kinda sad because the young kids don't know what there missing.<br /><br />The songs in this film are ace the ones I love the most Boys/girls of rock n'roll Diamond Dolls and the song that ls sure to make you want to cry My Mother.<br /><br />This film is sure to excite both young and old GET THE CHIPMUNK ADVENTURE TODAY!!! 10 out of 10 such an excellent movie.
critique3151 I just watched it for the second time today and I must say with all my heart it is about damn time they made a movie about us as people not as spiritual beings. Such a waste of human life as this story was maybe some good will come out of it. And Eric is hotter than ever. To often in the movies First Nations people are seen as other than everyday people. We are always portrayed as chiefs or medicine people. Hey we are just like everyone else. And this movie showed just that. We hurt when an injustice is done and we can win in quest for justice. It is really to bad that the big movie companies cant see that. I cant wait till this comes out on DVD. Thanks to those who chose to show this story as it really was.
critique3152 This movie must be exported to the rest of the world! An absolute masterpiece with a both bizarre and grim film about four different stories from four different locations in Sweden. The one with the newly renovated hotel with the improper wooden figure of an old finance minister is absolutely the best of the four odd story about love or career. I would love to see all four as a film on their own they can be so much more extended. <br /><br />Also the unique pause in the middle is something I've never seen before.<br /><br />Can't wait for the series (if they're doing one) or the extended DVD. Apparently they had cut out a lot to fit it in to just 35 hours.
critique3153 First of all nothing will ever compare to the original movie but for gosh sakes they're not trying to. It is just one persons opinion about what could have happened after Rhett left Scarlett at Tara. I for one thought it was a terrific movie and would like to add it to my GWTW collection. The scenery alone would make me want to watch the movie. Just view this movie as an extension of the original and don't think they are trying to replace Vivian Leigh and Clark Cable and you will enjoy it a lot. They really captured the spoiled selfishness of Scarlett in many of the scenes and you can see from the longing in the looks from Rhett that he is clearly still in love with Scarlett. The fact that you can recognize many of the actors in the movie is another plus even though some of them have only been seen on TV. I always wanted them to have other children after Bonnie Blue died in the movie and this satisfied my need perfectly. <br /><br />Lore60
critique3154 Very good point there : "only an elite few (the upper classes) would both have access to the internet AND be able to communicate on an exclusively English speaking site such as the IMDb" Some might think Internet Is not reality but this point of view really put media society and democracy at stake: You are probably right.. Even If there Is Internet cafe's in Venezuela most Chavez supporters will not afford to even rent a computer for half an hour to comment on IMDb.<br /><br />Screw you faschist upper class rich right wing capitalist liberal intellectual surpressors .. Probably this is your first time using Internet ;)..
critique3155 Great artists always suffered while they were young. I could mention Mozart and Beethoven but that is not the point. <br /><br />This movie was made by H-G Clouzot whose family wanted him to succeed in the Law professions.<br /><br />Its main star is Louis Jouvet who studied and practiced as as pharmacist before becoming "The Greatest Actor" and also director of France's Theater before and after WWII.<br /><br />They both had health problems. Clouzot had TB while young Jouvet had cardiac problems and died on a theater..<br /><br />Such events shape the character of men (and women of course). One might even say that today's Artists are so poor because they had never suffered and fought for their lives.<br /><br />To me this is the greatest of Clouzot's movies. "Wages of Fear" is greater in "suspense" "Diabolique" also has more "suspense" and a better plot and is more about "female evil".<br /><br />Quai des OrfÃƒÂ¨vres is more human. Clouzot was falsely accused by De Gaulle's entourage (mostly communists and Jews) of collaboration with the Nazis and banned from making films until until De Gaulle left France's Government in early 1946. De Gaulle came back in 1958 as President.<br /><br />The main characters are all good souls: Jenny L'Amour may perform as a "putain" on stage but she is not a "whore" (dictionaires make synonyms of those words but they are not the same) loves her husband and refuses the slight "advances from her (presumably Lesbian) friend Dora the photographer.<br /><br />Maurice the husband is jealous and timid but runs away from the scene of the crime. He is a coward because he fell in love with a woman and traded an eventually more upscale career for love..<br /><br />Antoine the detective (interpreted by the great Louis Jouvet basically a stage actor performs in this French "Gray" not Noir as well as E.G. Robinson in "Double Indemnity") shows flair for pseudo criminals tenderness for a Negro son(?) and compassion for the true author of the crime because he remembers that is father cleaned the latrines at some nobleman's chÃƒÂ¢teau!!<br /><br />Clouzot was capable of slapping an actor's face in order to put him in the right frame of mind but deep inside he was very human. <br /><br />I have his horoscope in front of me. He had Venus in Sagittarius which means open-heartedness devotion charity and altruism. For those who do not believe in Astrology my most sincere apologies...
critique3156 IN LOVING MEMORY OF DAVID TOMLINSON (1917-2000)<br /><br />When I watched this movie for the first time I was 4 years old and I got fascinated by this story of witches in the 2nd World War. The scene which impressed me the most was the fight between the Nazi soldiers and the medieval army. It was exceptional to see this army without a body walk to fight the astonished singing their march. This movie is fantastic from the trip to Portobello Road (which became to me the most fantastic place of London) to the journey to Naboomboo. Angela Lansbury and David Tomlinson are really a fantastic couple. She is always great it seems the good aunt of a family and David with his always astonished face is her great co-protagonist. we'll miss him a lot.
critique3157 Go see this movie for the gorgeous imagery of Andy Goldsworthy's sculptures and treat yourself to a thoroughly eye-opening and relaxing experience. The music perfectly complements the footage but never draws attention towards itself. Some commentators called the interview snippets with the artist a weak spot but consider this: why would you expand on this in a movie if you can read Andy's musings at length in his books or attend one of his excellent lectures? This medium is much more suitable to show the ephemeral nature of the artist's works and is used expertly in this respect.
critique3158 I liked the quiet noir of the first part the acting of Pacino and Cusak especially their scenes together. The moodiness of the setting and the juxtaposition of the old pol and the idealistic youth was effecting. I wish Bridget Fonda had more scenes in the movie; she was an earnest and appealing character. The film went off the rails for me when the assistant mayor starting snooping around the mafioso to get to the bottom of something his boss clearly didn't want him meddling in. Nobody in their right mind would meet a mafioso on an abandoned dock in a junkyard. Here the story became implausible. Something that I don't understand: why did the cop and Vito have a shootout if the latter was delivering info that could bring down the corrupt judge?
critique3159 It is 1969. Phoebe(Camilla Belle) is an 11 year old girl growing up with an idealized vision of her 19 year old sister Faith(Cameron Diaz). Faith is the doer the truth-seeker the fixer of all the wrongs in the world. Then one day Phoebe and her mother Gail(Blythe Danner) receive word that Faith is dead. Faith has killed herself. Both Phoebe and Gail are overwhelmed by this news and although saddened Gail mourns. Phoebe can't let it go. Phoebe decides to go to Europe and find out what happened.<br /><br />It is now 1977. Phoebe(Jordana Brewster) is 18 and decides to go to Europe over the objections of her mother to discover the truth. When alive Faith was inseparable from a man she called "Wolf"(Christopher Eccleston). Though Wolf claimed not to know anything about Faith's last days Phoebe convinces him to tell her everything. Within days Wolf realizes that he hadn't let go of the past either and he joins Phoebe on her pilgrimage to Portugal.<br /><br />In the end Wolf is able to tell of Faith's decent into drug abuse and his own guilt at not preventing the suicide. Although angry Phoebe realizes in the end how human and fragile Faith really was.<br /><br />I liked this movie. I'm old enough to remember the bank robberies of the Red Army and I was 10 in 1969. This story was familiar ground for me. I can still remember young men trying to decide if they should go to Canada or not to avoid the draft.<br /><br />The story is simple but probably occurred several times in real life during that period. Camilla Belle was enjoyable and fun to watch as she portrayed the young adoring sister excited by what was happening around her. Jordana Brewster slid easily into the role of the older Phoebe. Blythe Danner was the ever supportive mother a role she is all too familiar with on American TV unfortunately. I would have liked to see her with stronger material to work with. Cameron Diaz played the immature anarchist perfectly. Though at times her performance of a 1960s activist seemed to come off a news reel. Of all the characters it was Christopher Eccleston's Wolf that made the most growth. When we are introduced to the character at the beginning of the movie we can see he is a worldly man. He is a patient and kind man filled with anger at the world's injustices. In the end he realizes the direction he and Faith are headed is wrong and begins to "grow up" deciding he should fight against injustice in his own way. Faith refuses to join him in this and it eventually leads to her death. Eccleston's Wolf is the most real of all the characters.<br /><br />I recommend this movie. It was enjoyable and thought provoking. "The Invisible Circus" is rated TV-MA but there is very little cursing sex or violence in it. The subject of the movie is the reason for the rating.
critique3160 While Boris(Aleksey Batalov)is off to fight in war against the Germans for his Mother Russia his beloved Veronika(Tatyana Samojlova)marries his conniving cousin Mark(Aleksandr Shvorin)in a moment of weakness shortly after her parents were killed in an air raid over Moscow. Through various trials and betrayals Veronika will await word or letter from Boris no matter how long it takes holding hope that he will return to her.<br /><br />Powerful piece of film-making boasts simply incredible photographic work by cinematographer Sergei Urusevsky. Some of the many magnificently framed moving shots include the scene where the camera follows Veronika through a crowd of loved ones saying goodbye to each other as she rushes through the mob of bodies to say goodbye to Boris..and doesn't quite reach him even as we watch Boris looking impatiently into the swarm without luck. The sequence after the air raid where Veronika walks up the standing stairs circulating up the destroyed building she once called home and the scene where Mark makes his lustful move on Veronika as another air raid continues just outside the building as wind rustles the curtains and flashes of light emanate inside are just two of MANY examples where Sergei Urusevsky shows his genius at framing images that will last forever on film. But without the power and tragedy of the story regarding how war can forever shape the destiny of a couple who dearly deeply love each other this film couldn't hold up with the beauty of the visual alone. Together however we're left with an amazing film..simply a haunting masterpiece from the Soviet Union after Stalin breathed his last breath. I feel honored just have beheld such a great film.
critique3161 The fact that this film was shown at London's Barbican suggests to me that the print must have been acceptable enough for such a showing. Now the question is Why isn't this long lost and important film available in DVD (or even VHS)? A large number of persons in Europe and the USA have for many years hoped to see this film if for no other reason than the wonderful music written for it by Sergei Prokofiev. What does one have to do to get such a wonderful production as this available for a wider public not just patrons to the Barbican at London? Having been a devoted listener to Prokofiev's music for many years and aware of this film PLEASE someone 'out there' do the right thing and bring it out as a DVD.
critique3162 As it is generally knownanthology films don't fare very well with American audiences (I guess they prefer one standard plot line). New YorkI Love You is the second phase of a series of anthology films dealing with cities & the people who live & love in them. The first was 'ParisJ'Taime' which I really enjoyed. The film was made up of several segmentseach written and/or directed by a different director (most of which were Frenchbut there is a very funny segment directed by Joel & Ethan Coen). Like 'Paris' this one is also an anthology directed by several different directors (Fatih AkinMira NairNatalie PortmanShakher Kapuretc.)and also like 'Paris'deals with New Yorkersand why they love the city they live in. It features a top notch castfeaturing the likes of Natalie PortmanShia LaBeoufChristina RicciOrlando BloomEthan Hawkiand also features such seasoned veterans as James CaanCloris LeachmanEli Wallach and Julie Christie. Some of the stories really flyand others don't (although I suppose it will depend on individual tastes---I won't ruin it for anybody else by revealing which ones worked for me & which ones didn't). Word is that the next entry in the series will be Shanghai China (is RomeItalyBerlinGermany or AthensGreece out of the question?). Spoken mainly in Englishbut does have bits of Yiddish & Russian with English subtitles. Rated 'R'by the MPAA for strong language & sexual content
critique3163 This is the best dub I've ever heard by Disney as well as the best adaptation since the biggest abuse ever on soundtrack themes characters dialogues in Kiki Delivery Service. Urrrghhh<br /><br />This one has different atmosphere especially the deviation from the common heroine. This one has both hero and heroine (although I don't really endorse the use of hero & heroine here since Miyazaki is out from the stereotype & common theme). As usual after being introduced by Spirited away amazed by Mononoke troubled by Grave of Fireflies and deeply touched by Majo no Takkyuubin  this one start with a bit doubt in my part. Wondering if this will be the first Ghibi's dud. Well in the end just like Only Yesterday and Whisper of the Heart I ended up giving 10 rating. I'd give 9.8 rating but the additional 0.2 is there to share the good feeling by encouraging people to see the movie.<br /><br />SPOILER Somehow I see this as a sad movie people die in this one the lonely robot the abandoned place and it ends with destruction. It is as if mankind really can't live with too much power. The collapsing scene gave me patches of Metropolis ending. It's just sad somehow. The plot is apparent in most reviews and the soundtrack rules as well (as always). Joe Hisaishi really belongs to Uematsu Kanno Williams caliber.People who can brings a movie a game an event to life even to be a lingering moments by astounding composition.<br /><br />This is a feel good movie that used to be part of US cinema in the classic days (It's a Wonderful Life etc etc). Well things change....
critique3164 Robert A. Heinlein's classic novel Starship Troopers has been messed around with in recent years in everything to Paul Verhoeven's 1997 film to a TV series to a number of games. But none of these so to speak has really captured the spirit of his novel. The games are usually unrelated the TV series was more of a spin off and the less said about Verhoeven's film the better. Little do most know however that in Japan an animated adaptation had already been done released the year of Heinlein's death. And believe it or not despite its differences this 6-part animated series is plot-wise the most faithful adaptation of Heinlein's classic.<br /><br />The most obvious plus to this series is the presence of the powered armor exoskeletons something we were deprived of in Verhoeven's film. Like the book the series focuses more on the characters and their relationships than on action and space travel though we see a fair amount of each. While events happen differently than in the book the feel of the book's plot is present. Rico and Carmen have a romantic entanglement but it's only slightly more touched upon than in the book. While some may believe the dialogue and character interaction to be a bit inferior to the book (it gets a bit of the anime treatment but what did you expect?) but it's far superior to the film. Heinlein's political views are merely excised as opposed to the film where they are reversed. The big payoff of the series however is the climatic battle on Klendathu between the troopers and the bugs/aliens which features the kind of action from the powered armor suits we would have like to have seen in a film version.<br /><br />Overall I enjoyed this series because I wanted to see a vision closer to that of Heinlein. And I think they did pretty well with this. If you can find this series give it a look.
critique3165 I saw this movie when I was a lot younger but it captured me. I loved Orry and George's relationship so much. I was so enraptured in Orry and Madenline's love story. I am a hopeless romantic so it really got to me. I especially liked it when he first met her. I just wish he had more time with her and their baby. So you know in Book three I was so hurt that he died. I didn't really understand that because they had little time together. I just loved Patrick in this movie. I just bought all three books together and I can't stop watching them. My 12 year old son is stuck on it. He likes the fighting in the war. I cry every time. I wish I could meet Patrick and Madeline in person! It was a wonderful movie and cast!
critique3166 I can't stand people who comment on this program or other HBO programs as "too graphic" or "unnecessarily graphic" or that they contain "gratuitous nudity/violence/sodomy etc".<br /><br />Guess what? Prison life isn't PG-13. The "gratuitous" graphic content is TRUE TO LIFE of this situation. Prison contains inmate rape/killings/drug deals and showers. If you don't like it then don't watch the program. I'm certainly no fan of prison rape but if it was left out of the show I'd be surprised and lend the show less credibility. If the prisoners didn't curse it would just be silly. Sure it's gratuitous language but that is REALISTIC.<br /><br />The show is good some of the viewers....not so much I guess.
critique3167 She is such an extraordinary singer who cares about anything else!!!! That final scene is one of the best moments in all of show biz - bar none!! I'm glad she kept the camera on herself for ten minutes - she deserves that iconic status - such is the power of the voice. <br /><br />I first saw this film when I was five and it had a huge impact on me. I see it today and yes I can see some of the flaws (like Esther wanting to leave the Grammy's right as her award is being announced).<br /><br />But some of the other user comments are just plain false - I mean where is the gratuitous nudity - maybe we saw different films??? <br /><br />Streisand's singing ability is monumental and if she has a big ego - fine! <br /><br />She's earned it.
critique3168 Personally I think Kevin Spacey is one of the greatest actors of his generation maybe the greatest. This in combination with another amazing actor named Jeff Bridges it can't be bad. And that's exactly what this movie is! "K-PAX" is one of the most pleasant surprises of the latest years. To start with has the movie a brilliantly written story. It's part of what makes the movie so great. The other aspect that contributes to the greatness of the movie is the acting. The combination Spacey-Bridges really works.<br /><br />This was already the second time I saw the movie and I'm sure it won't be the last time. "K-PAX" has everything. There are moments which are extremely funny parts that remind of a true thriller and others which reminds of high-class drama. I think this movie deserves a much higher rating and a lot more awards. Great movie! <br /><br />9/10
critique3169 Misfit recruit private Owens tests drill instructor Sgt Moore's (Jack Webb) skills. No explosions or bloodshed or hip soundtrack or sex. It is set at the USMC's Parris Island S.C. boot camp and most of the cast were actual Marines. Memorable one-liners abound and the closing credit's "dedicated to..." is intense. With such strong male and female characters this movie could not be made in today's touchy-feely world.
critique3170 I happened to catch about the last 45 minutes of the movielate night about 8 years ago. What a wild and funny 45 minutes.I was absolutely knocked out by chase-shoot-out at the end that takes place at night inside an old hotel that's being torn down with a wrecking ball....Incredible. I vaguely remember Stacy Keach stealing a cop car faking being a cop and strong arming some winos....Wino to Keach"Heywhy Ya hasslin us?...Keach"It's my job".You're correct. They don't make them like that anymore.Great movie. The golden70's...Hopefully it will see the light of day as a DVD along with other lost treasures...Hickey and Boggs being one such.
critique3171 I found the one and only comment about this movie entirely uninformative and altogether too harsh so I have decided to write my own. I first saw this movie when it came out and have caught it a few times more since then. First of all let me say that overall the things that this movie gets RIGHT are what make it worthwhile. It doesn't matter that it has some low budget quirks and other faults. It is worth watching. The idea of basing a movie on Walt Whitman's visit a restrictive narrow-minded Anglo-Canadian community in Southern Ontario and bringing people to life is a brilliant mis-en-scene. The movie is about the kind of humanizing catalysis Whitman inspired in people. And in that sense it is exactly accurate. The acting - especially by Rip Torn (Whitman) and Colm Feore as the doctor - is very good. The scripting and dialogue are strong and pay proper attention to the mores and inflections of the time. Overall what's not to like? Besides name another film in which Whitman is brought so vividly to life?
critique3172 The Menagerie parts one and two was the only 2-parter during the 3-year run of the original Trek series and it was because Roddenberry was able to insert most of the footage from the 1st pilot "The Cage." The move was made out of necessity to combat deadline problems in getting episodes produced (such a sf show back in the 1960s was a hassle to get done on time). One positive outcome back then was that audiences unaware of the pilot produced almost a couple of years earlier were treated to a whole new crew and captain for these two episodes on top of the regular cast of characters as if the producers had spent double the money on these episodes to present a TV epic spanning a dozen years of Starfleet history (though they still used terms such as 'United Space Fleet' in these early episodes).<br /><br />The wraparound story begins as a space mystery plot: the Enterprise is diverted to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and very soon Spock is a suspect in these shenanigans. Astonishingly though even McCoy belabors the fact that Spock's Vulcan heritage makes subterfuge on his part impossible it does turn out that Spock is indeed acting out some mutinous scheme to shanghai our precious starship and kidnap his former captain Pike now horribly crippled. Well Spock is half human we tend to forget. Or has he simply gone mad? It may very well be for he's directing Enterprise to Talos IV a planet so off-limits it's the subject of the only known death penalty on Starfleet's books. When the jig is up there's a great scene of Spock surrendering to a flabbergasted McCoy as Uhura looks on in shock. Even Kirk usually steady as a captain should be doesn't know what to make of his first officer's illogical conduct.<br /><br />In the 3rd and final acts we begin to see transmitted images of a mission of the Enterprise from 13 years prior when Capt. Pike was commanding and Spock was one of his officers. We really don't know where all this is going and what Spock hopes to accomplish - and that's another thing that makes this a very good 2-parter - we really need to find out what it's all about in the 2nd part. Not only is Spock facing severe penalties but it looks like Kirk's career may be finished as well. Double jeopardy folks. This is also the 1st televised episode to feature one of those shuttlecrafts (none were available in the earlier "The Enemy Within" when the crafts were really needed). There's also one of those neat matte paintings to convey the ambiance of a futuristic starbase - this was the only way to visualize such things back then. Finally check out Kirk's smug approach at the start of the episode - boy do things go sideways on him as the story progresses.
critique3173 MULHOLLAND DRIVE made me the definitive fan of David Lynch. He's a modern genius because he's not only a film-maker. His stories and his style have a spell that cross the screen. So THE STRAIGHT STORY was quite a surprise to me with its easy to follow storyline and sunny sets. Still Lynch is there and while this is far from his best it's a film not to be missed. Late Richard Farnsworth's performance is one of the reasons.<br /><br />8/10
critique3174 Duck_of_Death needs to watch this film again as his major criticism is completely baseless. The film never once forgot about the time delay and it was mentioned explicitly in a couple of places. The crew were never shown having conversations with mission control that didn't obey the time delay rules.<br /><br />One thing I did think was a bit far-fetched was the amount of risk involved - would a crew land on a planet on which pressure suits would only last two hours? I doubt it. Would a manned space ship go into a star's corona? I doubt it. Would humans land on a moon that was being bombarded with huge amounts of radiation? I doubt it. Also the ship seemed overly sturdy. Would a ship designed like that risk atmospheric flight to slow it down? I doubt it. Would it survive being hit by comet debris? I doubt it. I think in both cases the stresses on the structure would be too much. But all-in-all the unlikely scenarios were compensated by some nicely done special effects good editing and production and some good acting especially by the actors portraying the ship's commander and the Russian cosmonaut.
critique3175 This movie was well done in all respects. The acting is superb along with the fine audio soundtrack which I purchased because it was so moving. It is my all time favorite movie ahead of eastwoods "white hunterblack heart". This movie is simply the best.<br /><br />cheers Zuf
critique3176 I have one word to someup this movie WOW! I saw "Darius Goes West" at the Tribeca Film Festival. People in the theater were sobbing. This movie shows the hardships that Darius sufferes with Muscular Dystrophy. The movie was very well done and really made you part of the movie I WAS SO emotionally moved by the movie because it made us remember that we are very fortunate to be perfectly healthy some people in this world are less fortuate then us. And sometimes we should give them a had and help them to the very end. I would give them ten stars they gave Darius a had when they weren't asked to they did't do it for the money they did it for a friend in need Darius the world should know Darius went west.
critique3177 Superb silent version of the story of Francois Villon. Although remade in the thirties as IF I WERE KING with Frank Lloyd directing Preston Sturges scripting and Ronald Colman starring this version is even better. Barrymore with a cohort of comedians plays the comic fool and the wine-depressed Villon with a verve that Colman could not match. The photography is startling in its beauty and innovation and the supporting cast particularly Conrad Veidt in his American premiere the incredibly beautiful Marceline Day and the supporting comics Slim Summerville and Hank Mann steal every scene they are in.<br /><br />It is a shame that Barrymore did so few first-rate comedies. Among his sound films only his lead in TWENTIETH CENTURY and his supporting role in MIDNIGHT can compare to this and those stand up only because of his superb voice. In this silent movie Barrymore must tell his tale without benefit of words and he does so alternately hilariously unrecognizable as the King of the Fools and tenderly as Villon in love. He even gets to leap around in the swashbuckling style of Fairbanks most convincingly. He also lets his supporting cast have their share of glory capering in this ensemble work like any talented comic of the era.<br /><br />Finally a brief word about Alan Crosland a director known today only for directing the first talking feature THE JAZZ SINGER in the same year this was released. Crosland was a careful innovative delightfully original director and it is a shame that more of his works are not known. Perhaps this movie far more interesting as a movie than his best-known work will be your introduction to his other talents. If so you could do far worse.
critique3178 Less Than Zero could have been the 80s movie that reveals teenage apathy in its most extreme form had they actually stuck to the damn book. But where they hadn't this movie presents does the job and leaves you with the creepiest feeling when its all over in ways not done until the late nineties with Larry Clark's movies 'Kids' and 'Bully.' <br /><br />Societal outcast teens are faced with a rather curious dilemma (they don't treat it much like one) when their estranged friend (Daniel Roebuck) boasts to them that he killed a teenage girl near the river's edge in their suburban town. Keanu Reeves may be the only civilized character among the bunch the only one willing to exhibit any sort of conscience anyway while the others either don't do anything about the girl's death or want to help their friend hide the body. <br /><br />I don't know who is more sick in this film--Crispin Glover--who becomes nearly obsessed and quite paternal in trying to protect the friend and hide the crime by smuggling him out of the state. Dennis Hopper an on-edge drug dealer (who clings to a female blowup doll) that befriends the teens (as a dealer of course) and suddenly becomes involved in the events. Or Josh Miller who plays Reeve's little brother Tim. He appears to be the most apathetic of them all at least until his emotional breakdown at the end. It is definitely not peppy 80s teen fare obviously. And certainly makes the point strikingly clear about the serious detachment these kids deal with (despite a bizarre series of events) thanks to many great performances all around (even Reeves proved some acting capability).<br /><br />Help yourself to a comedy to recover if it rocks you too hard.
critique3179 Despite its New York setting & New York characters 'Summer in the City' is not an American movie it is better than that. What is most unusual is the mixing of styles and genres. Director Niami's shows a deft touch in combining comedy with tragedy pathos with drama.<br /><br />The secret of Niami's success appears to be a smorgasboard of great characters - each could have their own film built around them - and then filling them out with beautifully realized performances from one of the most wonderfully eclectic casts one would struggle to find in the same country let alone in the same movie ranging from Bai Ling to Ornella Muti Robert Burke to Peter Stormare who here reveals that he has a lot more in him than the bad guy stereotypes he plays in Hollywood pictures. Even Sandra Bernhard is funny here !<br /><br />An added bonus cream on the substantial cake is John Cale's soundtrack.
critique3180 For those of us Baby Boomers who arrived too late on the scene to appreciate James Dean et. al. Martin Sheen showed us The Way in this great feature.<br /><br />The premise is easy enough: cool hood meets small town sheriff and All-Hell ensues but the nuts and bolts of this movie enthrall the car nut in all of us. <br /><br />No this isn't Casablanca nor is it great Literature but it IS a serious movie about cars rebellion and the genius that is Martin Sheen.<br /><br />Enjoy this and appreciate it for what it is and for what Martin will become. I loved this movie growing up as a teen in the 70's and you will too.
critique3181 Stoic and laconic soldier Sergeant Todd (a fine and credible performance by the ever reliable Kurt Russell) gets dumped on a desolate remote planet after he's deemed obsolete by ruthless and arrogant Colonel Mekum (deliciously played to the slimy hilt by Jason Isaacs) who has Todd and his fellow soldiers replaced with a new advanced breed of genetically engineered combatants. Todd joins a peaceful ragtag community of self-reliant outcasts and has to defend this community when the new soldiers arrive for a field exercise. Director Paul W.S. Anderson working from a smart and provocative script by David Webb Peoples depicts a chilling vision of a bleak cold and harsh possible near future while maintaining a snappy pace and a tough gritty tone throughout. Moreover Anderson handles moving moments of humanity well (Todd's struggle to get in touch with his previously repressed feelings is genuinely poignant) and stages the stirring action scenes with rip-roaring gusto. Russell gives a strong and impressive almost pantomime portrayal of Todd; he conveys a lot of emotion without saying much and instead does the majority of his acting through his body movements and facial expressions. Bang-up supporting turns by Jason Scott Lee as brutish rival soldier Caine 607 Connie Nielson as the compassionate Sandra Sean Pertwee as the kindly Mace Jared and Taylor Thorne as mute little boy Nathan Gary Busey as crusty seasoned veteran Captain Church Michael Chiklis as the jolly Johnny Pig and Brenda Wehle as the sensible Mayor Hawkins. Better still this film makes a profound and significant statement about the spiritual cost of being a merciless soldier and the importance of intellectual strength over physical might. David Tattersall's polished cinematography Joel McNeely's rousing full-bore orchestral score and the first-rate rate special effects all further enhance the overall sterling quality of this superior science fiction/action hybrid outing.
critique3182 Black Rain is a superb film but watch out for the DVDs currently being sold for as much as $300 apiece. I have the DVD and it's terrible. Very tiny non-anamorphic image that has to be blown up to resolution-killing size. Acceptable sound. This is a primitive DVD that absolutely *has* to be rereleased.<br /><br />BTW I also own the laserdisc and the VHS of Black Rain. The VHS is a huge step upward from the DVD! And the laserdisc has far and away the best picture of them allÃ‚Â—subtitles in the black sharp big picture simple but very good soundtrack. Buy the VHS and avoid the preposterous prices these scam artists are demanding!
critique3183 The 63 year reign of Queen Victoria is perhaps one of the most documented and popularly known historical reigns in British history. On the one hand her story lacks the theatrics of earlier royals thanks to a change in social climate and attitudes and on the other her story is one that perpetuates because it is notably human. Taking on the earlier years of her life where the budding romance between herself and the German Prince Albert was taking forefront director Jean-Marc VallÃƒÂ©e who has only until recently remained in the unbeknownst shadows of the industry here takes Victoria's story and captures that human element so vital to her legacy. It's a story that feels extremely humble considering its exuberant background and yet that's partly what gives it a distinct edge here that separates it from the usual fare.<br /><br />Taking a very direct and focused approach that centres in on a brief five or so year period between her ascension and marriage to Albert The Young Victoria does what so little period pieces of this nature offer. Instead of attempting a sprawling encapsulation of such a figure's entire life VallÃƒÂ©e instead opts to show one of the lesser known intricacies of Victoria's early years which are easily overlooked in favour of the more publicly known accolades. The result is a feature that may disgruntle historians thanks to its relatively flippant regards to facts and the like yet never to let document get in the way of extracting a compelling story writer Julian Fellowes sticks to his guns and delivers a slightly romanticised yet convincing portrayal. VallÃƒÂ©e takes this and runs making sure to fully capitalise on those elements with enough restraint to maintain integrity in regards to both the history involved and the viewer watching.<br /><br />A major part in the joy of watching The Young Victoria play out however simply lies in the production values granted here that bring early 1800's Regal Britain to life with a vigorous realism so rarely achieved quite so strikingly by genre films. Everything from the costume designs sets hair styles lighting and photography accentuates the grandiose background inherent to Victoria's story without ever over-encumbering it. Indeed while watching VallÃƒÂ©e's interpretation come to life here it is very hard not to be sucked in solely through the aesthetics that permeates the visual element; and then there's the film's score also which works tremendously to further the very elegant yet personal tones that dominate Fellowes' script. Entwining the works of Schubert and Strauss into Victoria and Albert's story not only works as a point of reference for the characters to play with but also melds to the work with an elegance and refrain that echoes composer Ilan Eshkeri's original work just as well.<br /><br />Yet for all the poignant compositions lush backdrops and immaculate costumes that punctuate every scene the single most important factor hereÃ‚Â—and indeed to most period dramasÃ‚Â—are the performances of the cast and how they help bring the world they exist in to life. Thankfully The Young Victoria is blessed with an equally immaculate ensemble of thespians both young and old that do a fantastic job of doing just that. Between the sweet budding romance of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and the somewhat antagonistic struggles of her advisors and the like (spearheaded by a terrific Mark Strong and Paul Bettany) the conflicts and warmth so prevalent to Fellowe's screenplay are conveyed perfectly here by all involved which helps keep the movie from being a plastic "nice to look at but dim underneath" affair so common with these outings.<br /><br />In the end it's hard to fault a work such as The Young Victoria. It's got a perfectly touching and human sense of affection within its perfectly paced romance plus some historical significance that plays as an intriguing source of interest for those in the audience keen on such details. Of course it may not take the cinematic world by storm and there lacks a certain significance to its overall presence that stops it from ever becoming more than just a poignantly restrained romantic period drama; yet in a sense this is what makes it enjoyable. VallÃƒÂ©e never seems to be striving for grandeur nor does he seem content at making a run-of-the-mill escapist piece for aficionados. Somewhere within this gray middle-ground lies The Young Victoria sure to cater to genre fans and those a little more disillusioned by the usual productions; beautiful memorable but most of all human.<br /><br />- A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
critique3184 This movie while seemingly based off of a movie of the same title in 1951 released by MGM and starring Janet Leigh is still a great film. Danny Glover in one of his best performances brings George Knox a down on his luck baseball manager with a short temper to life. As for this movie being "stacked" how about adding Christopher Lloyd (his stage experience works and shows through in his performances on screen a wonderful actor) Joseph Gordon-Levitt (Third Rock from the Sun) Brenda Fricker (a charming and well seasoned Irish actress) Tony Danza (yes even he is good in this film) Matthew McConaughey (he stole the show in Dazed and Confused and his role may not be as pivotal in this film but he got exposure) Adrien Brody (what I said about Matthew McConaughey goes the same for Adrien except the Dazed and Confused part) some great character actors like Taylor Negron (David) Tony Longo (Messmer) Jay O. Sanders (Ranch Wilder) Neal McDonough (Whitt Bass) and a seasoned veteran in one of his final performances Ben Johnson (Hank Murphy the owner of the California Angels) and the rest of the cast does a great job plus a great storyline that is uplifting to pretty much anyone I don't care what recesses of depression you're in. I loved this film as a kid and it brings back memories when I watch it today. I need this on DVD. I recommend it to any parent who's looking for something their kids have not seen and everybody else for that matter.
critique3185 Utopia made in 1950 in France was the last film Laurel and Hardy produced. With the bad reputation the duo have for their post 1930's productions I was expecting this film to be awful. Although admittedly it isn't up to the standard of their "vintage" comedies I was pleasantly surprised. It's watchable and in parts genuinely funny! And certainly the plot is of the same standard as you'd expect. Some gags are derivative from their earlier work but when you consider this film was their first for five years after their last Hollywood produced film "The Bullfighters" the routines are executed confidently as you'd expect from these professionals. Some scenes are not up to much but the value of this film is that some scenes are funny and as such absolutely priceless. I particularly enjoyed the bedtime scene.<br /><br />I felt sad at the end of the film. Our heros are left on their own desert island. It's such a metaphor for the real life truth. Hollywood and audiences of the time had consigned the stars to a desert island of memories and that was to become last image they portrayed in film. Ollie died seven years later and Stan died fifteen years later. Stan turned down an offer to appear in "It's A Mad Mad Mad Mad World" in 1963. What a shame that was - a colour film only two years before he passed. However his health probably wasn't up to much.<br /><br />These boys are probably the greatest comedy performers of all time and although the movie is far from their true potential it's still an honour to watch them appear in film for the last time and touching on the echos of their towering talent.
critique3186 Although there is melodrama at the center or rather at the bottom of this film the story is told beautifully and subtly and the acting is superb.<br /><br />Yaara studying at Princeton returns to her native Israel for the funeral of her oldest and dearest friend Talia. Because Yaara practically lived with her friend's parents after the death of her own mother she has lost her adoptive sister. And because Yaara blind from birth has been guided and guarded by Talia her friend's suicide is as unbearable as it is inexplicable.<br /><br />Inevitably the blind girl is the one who determines to solve the mystery of this death. Though without sight she has insight. Though she cannot see she is able to find what is out of sight than the "normal" people around her. The film thus becomes an absorbing mystery as Yaara scours for clues in memories of her relationship with Talia in her adoptive family's house in tapes diaries and people in Talia's past and present.<br /><br />Told from Yara's point of view the film is also seen from her point of view as she visualizes what she hears believes and imagines. The solution to the mystery is rather conventional but the search is conducted with such subtle care and the answer rendered so beautifully and without fanfare that the pat moment is easily forgiven. The truths emerge gradually yet inexorably clarifying not only Talia's life but also her relationship with Yaara. Tali Sharon as Yaara uses her mobile face and voice effectively and is utterly believable as both the adult and teenage girl. We accept fully her ability by the film's end to find her place in the world more confidently.<br /><br />Noteworthy is the precision by which places and actions are repeated with small but significant variations that never become tedious the dead-on acting by the minor characters and the interesting decision to represent Talia only as a teenager. I will quibble with Yaara's final declaration as stands with Gadi Talia's last boyfriend at a cliff's edge but that trip to the edge is so fascinating that the image will remain in sight longer than her words will be recalled.
critique3187 At first I honestly thought it would be a corny movie. But after seeing this I was quite surprised. Amanda Bynes was convincingly funny along with the supporting cast (Especially that character played by "Bullet tooth Tony" from Snatch. What a contrasting role between those two movies!). Now i'm not one to say whether or not an actor is good or not but her act especially was thoroughly enjoyable. Even though the plot devolved into a teeny-bopper love triangle (though very funny) half-way into the movie I feel that this shouldn't discount what I think the movie really is: simply entertaining. So if you happen to stumble upon it whether by DVD or theater i'm confident that you'll enjoy.
critique3188 East Side Story is a documentary of musical comedy in Stalinist Russia and later in the eastern European satellite comedies with many clips from the films and commentary from the survivors. Although some of the Stalinist films look laughingly bad (The Bright Road (?) being a notable exception) the films from the sixties actually look pretty good. "My Wife Wants to Sing" "The White Mouse" and "Midnight Revue" look particularly entertaining. The producers had to contend with the censors who had the power to decide what was politically correct which led to some confusion humorous in retrospect since the people whom the censors were trying to appease were the very people who supported making the films to begin with! Since musical comedies were fairly rare behind the Iron Curtain--there were only something like forty made in forty years--they had a disproportionate effect upon their audiences who made major hits of some of the films.<br /><br />I notice that the sound for the sixties films was much better. The directors often had to make do with antiquated equipment and stringent power regulations--they had to film in seven minute takes or less--and dangerous officicrats.<br /><br />I also notice that "West Side Story" seems to have had a strong influence on "Hot Summer." The later films may not measure up to "Singin' in the Rain" but they certainly look like they beat the hell out of "Bye Bye Birdy"
critique3189 I just discovered this film and love it. Just the right mix of fast moving story entertaining characters hilarious moments (but not overloaded with stupid jokes) and fun performances by Kelsey Grammar Harry Dean Stanton Ron Schneider Rip Torn and more. Buckman is especially good and I really enjoyed watching the guy who played Stapanick.<br /><br />I also find it interesting that they used a real submarine the Pampanito for the running on top scenes and emulated it almost exactly for their sets. The set decoration is really impressive if you do a digital tour of the Pampanito online and then compare it to scenes in the movie. They did an excellent job on this film.<br /><br />What a light entertaining and truly enjoyable movie!
critique3190 The art of the absurd is alive and thriving in current Danish cinema! Well at least it is in this movie. Nobody in this movie are amused. They are all either annoyed or shocked and if they aren't yet they soon will be! It is a story of screw-ups murder embarrassment dignity and in the end love and redemption. The chilling awkward humorous style is idiomatic and won't appeal to everyone but personally I found it to have just the right fascinating mix of the bizarre and the absurd. You pity the characters from a distance even as you dislike them up close and personal. But their story is so tragic that you find it in yourself to forgive them and be happy for them even when they get away with murder.<br /><br />This is in my judgment definitely the best Danish movie of the last few years.<br /><br />9 out of 10.
critique3191 Most movies from Hollywood seem to follow one of a few pre-formulated and very predictable plots. This film does not and is a perfect example of what I watch IFC for.<br /><br />There's a guy Michael and his girlfriend left him with out a word. He wants to know what happened. Is she OK ? Can he say goodbye ? Perhaps get some closure. He hasn't been able to contact Grace and in an effort to find her he has made a film asking for your help.<br /><br />Michael figures we might need a reason to help him so he tells us his story by reliving his relationship with the help of a friend ( Nadia ) to play the role of Grace ( the girlfriend who left) <br /><br />Hind sight is 20/20 and it is no different for Michael. By telling his story and getting feedback from his friends he realizes his mistakes and just how much he values what he has lost. This is unfortunately a lesson we all have had to learn ( or need to learn ) and is easy to identify with. That is what makes you want to hear more of Michael's story and wanting to know if he finds Grace.
critique3192 The cast is admirably chosen and well-balanced. This cinematography is excellent. The music is delightful as all of Burt Bacharach's music is and is appropriate to the plot line. Making a musical version of Hilton's tale is a welcome change from a plodding re-make. We see seasoned actors who add real depth to the emotional content and significance of each scene. I cannot agree with the critics who overlooked this scintillating gem of a film. It is a treasure of the silver screen! Find it if you can - and let its magic carry you beyond the drudgery of daily worries inspiring you to find your own "Lost Horizon".
critique3193 Surprisingly good and quick-witted adventure that features Kelsey Grammer (supposedly in his first lead role in a feature) as an unconventional Navy sub commander who wants to run a nuclear sub of his own however; he has earn it by competing against the U.S. Navy in a series of war-games with a crew of untested questionable and lovable men (and a woman too).<br /><br />Director David S. Ward ("Major League") and his writers have put together a hysterically clever and upbeat comedy that tries to make the film easy to understand which they do quite well. Second besides the Grammer character most of the crew provide some or plenty of the movie's humor which is treated like a double-edged sword. Three members of the supporting cast - Harland Williams Toby Huss and Rob Schneider provide the funniest scenes which includes weird gestures impersonations and well their personalities.<br /><br />"Down Periscope" is more than a Navy version of "Police Academy" or "The Dirty Dozen". What the film does is get the job done the right way and I liked it.
critique3194 Sequels hardly ever live up to the original. This definitely proves true in this case. However if you're a big fan of the original than definitely give this a watch. Although the camera work is lacking Brian Krause's character is annoying and the plot is clique it's much more funnier than the first and that is what I find entertaining about it. <br /><br />Don't see this movie expecting the same performance as in the first film. Quite frankly it's a bit different. Rather than sitting in his cabin writing screenplays Stanley is off in Hollywood trying to direct his dream project Cabin by the Lake. This movie has a much different feel but it's still great to see Stanley back in action.<br /><br />I'm giving it a 6 out of 10.
critique3195 Two actors play rival gangsters in three films the final of which is a sci-fi film that nods strangely to William S. Burroughs Philip K. Dick and anime all at once. The robots are actually called "replicants" a reference to Dicks Blade Runner(several visual allusions to the film can be found as well) and the bad guy is a psychotic gay mayor obsessed with limiting procreation through use of a compulsory drug for "heterosexual love is fleeting and homosexual love is eternal"....martial arts fights ensue a first for the dead or alive films. The hilarious climax involves the two leads morphing into a winged robot with a gigantic phallus for a head who personifies "destruction" which has been the path of both characters thus far their individual minds and later literal heads functioning as something like testicles. The film ends with the mayor f*&%ing his free jazz playing boy lackey as the robot apparently tears down a wall around them the last words of the mayor "Oh f*&%" followed by a quick fade to black. Part of me felt cheated part of me confused but mostly I was just laughing. A lot of the film is quite boring though the best scenes bookend the film while the rest is far too slow. Takashi Miike has always mined the sexual motifs beneath male violence in action films and this film with the exception of "Gozu" reinforces this theme more than any other. Sex and violence are two pretty basic themes but like Cronerberg(who the jazz interludes may be a homage to ala Naked Lunch)Miike is able to show where the two connect to hilarious an oddly cohesive effect.
critique3196 Few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later yet remain as engrossing as this one. Technological advances have not dated this classic love story. Special effects used are remarkable for a 1946 movie. The acting is superb. David Niven Kim Hunter and especially Roger Livesey do an outstanding job. The use of Black and White / Color adds to the creative nature of the movie. It hasn't been seen on television for 20 years so few people are even aware of its existence. It is my favorite movie of all time. Waiting and hoping for the DVD release of this movie for so many years is in itself "A Matter of Life and Death".
critique3197 This is one of my favorite films for many reasons. To begin there are standout performances from lovely Debra Paget as a princess/dancing girl from Michael Rennie as the villain handsome young Jeffrey Hunter investigating crime in her city/state and others. The film is an unusually colorful adventure and we even see the princess rehearsing the dance she later performs (for once). She manages to skewer Hunter before she learns he is on her side; also the photography the costumes by Travilla Lionel Newman's music and the film's style are unusually fine. Add to this rousing action intelligent characterization and fine direction by veteran Harmon Jones of a Gerald Drayson Adams' script set in 1249 AD and you have the ingredients of an enjoyable Grecianized Near-Eastern. But there is much to praise about the unusual and well--developed storyline here as there is much more to praise other than the film's swift pace well-managed physical action sequences and superior technical aspects. Classically-trained actors such as Michael Ansara Edgar Barrier Wally Cassell Jack Elam and Dona Drake are not commonly found in one "B" film together; nor are there fascinating sets a variety of locales and a mystery of the quality that is supplied here. One way of assessing a film is "If I were guaranteed to live through the experience would I choose to undergo these events and perform these actions?" Since my answer is a resounding "yes" in this case this film remains one of my choices as a favorite and very-underrated cinematic work. Could it be that US critics' all-too-frequent disdain for females as warriors and thinkers that as in so many other cases has caused closed minds to misprize this estimable film's obvious anti-tyranny and pro-entertainment qualities?
critique3198 I've never been a fan of Farrah Fawcett...Until now. She was truly amazing in this movie. The emotion she must have gone through shooting re-take after re-take doesn't bare thinking about. This was a very hard movie to watch the subject matter is decidedly unpleasant and you feel so helpless just sitting and watching a woman being abused for what seems like an eternity. I actually felt that the whole thing deflated somewhat when her friends returned to the house and I didn't find the conclusion at all plausible. The director seemed very keen in using height in his shots and loved using mirror reflections I believe he should have paid more attention to the pace in the second half of this piece. I'm sure this makes a heck of a powerful piece of theatre this movie for me although it had merit just fell short.
critique3199 This excellent movie starring Elizabeth Montgomery is long overdue for release in DVD form. The same can be said for her earlier also excellent movie A Case of Rape. I can only hope that my comments spur some enterprising soul into placing BOTH Elizabeth Montgomery movies on one DVD to be made available to her many fans. I for one believe this excellent actress's role was unfortunately stereotyped by her role on Bewitched and as a result more serious acting roles were not made available to her. I am confident that if these two movies perhaps even a trilogy with The Legend of Lizzie Borden were released in DVD form her fans would set the record straight on how highly they regard her serious acting abilities.
critique3200 Paulie was cute cool enjoyable and quite fulfilling. I went to this movie expecting to view a typical "family" movie one that within moments would find me unconscious and drooling on the floor. My mindframe immediately changed when I was quickly captivated by the movie's wholesomeness. It is rare that you find a family movie that is thorough and can be coined "wholesome". Most are cheaply made written and produced purely to attract young family members who'll then drag the unfortunate elders to a mind numbing 65 minutes of overused sight gags and plots.<br /><br />Oh yes Paulie had a plot. It told the story of a young girl(Marie) and her best friend Paulie the parrot who unbelievably could talk and quite frequently held conversations with her. Marie's dorky jerk father found this unbelievable and thought Paulie to be damaging to his 4-year old daughter's mental health and quickly tore them apart. We follow Paulie's adventures (and misadventures) as he attempts to reunite with his beloved owner meeting many memorable characters along the way. Oh yeah Paulie really could (smart)talk and had a swift New Jersey accent. Cool. The plot held thick and entertaining throughout keeping me attracted. Paulie is the best family movie I have found and wholeheartedly enjoyed. Ever. Seriously. Pick up a copy and sit back and enjoy a true family movie with the whole family. No sleeping. I promise.
critique3201 This was a great movie and safe for the entire family (which one doesn't see much of anymore. My wife and I and 15 year-old son loved it. Even though you had an inkling of how it would end it continued to be a fun journey and the final ending surprised us. There should be more movies like this!!!
critique3202 THE MAN IN THE MOON is a warm and moving coming of age drama centering around a farming family in the 1950's. The main story follows a 14-year old girl (Reese Witherspoon) who develops a crush on a 17-year old neighbor (Jason London) who ends up falling for her older sister (Emily Warfield) and how an unexpected tragedy alters this family's dynamics forever. The 1950's are lovingly evoked here and the screenplay gives you characters you come to care about almost immediately. Witherspoon already begins to show the Oscar-winning talent she would develop in this early role and London makes a charming leading man. Warfield lends a quiet maturity to the role of the older sister that is effective as well. Kudos to Sam Waterston and Tess Harper who play the girls' parents and Gail Strickland who plays London's mom. I was unexpectedly moved by this quiet and affecting drama that stirs up strong emotions and gives deeper meaning to the phrase "family ties."
critique3203 Given Christopher Nolan's string of successful films it's a no brainer for me to want to check out his filmography watch his debut feature which is shot in black and white back in England running less than 70 minutes long done with little budget but containing all the hallmarks that has made him a master filmmaker and storyteller.<br /><br />Though short the film is no less gripping with its meandering plot that will leave you guessing because the premise doesn't even scratch the surface of this tale which is pretty amazing considering the depth in the narrative's structure and characterization. As told we follow a writer wannabe called Bill (Jeremy Theobald) who starts a habitual obsession with following random people he fancies on the streets in a voyeuristic manner which at first could be conceived as research before he starts to make up his own rules and break them.<br /><br />He meets up with charismatic Cobb (Alex Haw) who turns out to be a robber with peculiar sensibilities and modus operandi and soon finds himself hooked with hanging out with him as they go about breaking and entering and speculating about their victim's livelihood as does the pursuit of a femme fatale blond (Lucy Russell) a mobster's moll who rejects his every advance.<br /><br />Told in a non-linear fashion which comes with scenes that don't quite add up in the beginning this sets the film up for multiple viewings as you study just how Nolan sustains that suspense and intrigue with you as the audience expecting and wanting more which gets duly delivered. There are enough twists here which spins the film into a dizzying crescendo where loose ends begin to come together and the brilliance of the stellar story start to shine through.<br /><br />It's also amazing how as a first feature shot on the cheap that something that clever and sophisticated can be conceived from his own experience in being burgled with Nolan involved in every stage of production from writing to shooting producing and directing having worked on the project for a year since shoots can only happen on weekends. I guess here's an example of a successful filmmaker's humble roots which should serve as inspiration and spur new filmmakers out there. Now I'll patiently wait for Christopher Nolan's Inception due out later this year whose trailer is already such a tease.
critique3204 I am a long time fan of Luc Besson's work and for about as long as I've known his name I've also looked for this movie. I tried looking for this movie all over California for over four years. this past summer i took a trip to Europe one of my missions on this trip was to at least see this movie. long story short I bought it and watched it in France! I was blown away it completely made my trip and i finally feel content that i have seen Luc Besson's first work. absolutely amazing character development very thought provoking great acting and the ultimate concept movie. if you are a concept movie fan this is one of the most original and classic. I feel as though it is a rare treat to see a movie like this one its risky its unorthodox and ultimately its just downright unique. if you are a Luc Besson fan its indeed a must see however whether your a Besson fan or not its definitely an important work overall a great contribution to the immortal art of cinema.
critique3205 I'm sure this is a show no one is that familiar of and might not think good of it; after all it is almost close to Baywatch Hawaii. With the cast the location style of the directing and its publicity Ã‚Â– shows women walking around on the beach and all that. No wonder people have misconception and decide not to watch it.<br /><br />It was wrong of them to do that. Cause after I decide to watch the show there are actually more thing going on real juicy story and conflict turn out to be really exciting to watch and pretty much Ã‚Â– addictive.<br /><br />The story of the hotel clerks the manager the owner and their complicated love life. Also enter the troublesome hotel's visitor and powerful man trying to steal the hotel. It actually more exciting than it sounds here.<br /><br />I won't deny that the acting suck but it ain't that bad that you'll look away. The story is not so consistence but good enough. The soundtrack is fitting pretty well with the scenario and the action is all the time. I took me couple of episode before there is actually anything happen solidly so be patience.<br /><br />Recommendation: I Really Do Enjoy Watching This. Zillion Times Better Than Expected.<br /><br />Rating: 7.5/10 (Grade: B)<br /><br />Please Rate My Review After Reading It Thanks.
critique3206 I don't understand. Not being a critic i am not evaluating the quality of the acting which I find believable a good thing. My confusion lies with the content. Is no one else sensitive to the fact that these two unfaithful women were justifying their infidelity to men who were fighting and bleeding to guarantee the continued freedom of their families and their country. Should there not have been a prologue informing us if the men made it home and if so what effect their cheating "wives'" infidelity had on them? While these women were bedding their paramours out of a sense loneliness did they think that their husbands were enjoying being shot at while facing death or dismemberment daily? They didn't think of their husbands at all! Only of themselves. Pardon me except when they wished their husbands dead.
critique3207 Gerry Anderson's first live-action foray in the way of a major motion picture that benefits from incredible model FX work anda great Barry Gray music score. The reel-to-reel analog computers in the far-off year "2069" (I guess Anderson really wanted a safe date of a 100 years later!) are a hoot to see as are the guru-jacket fashions but one could easily accuse 2001 of the same violations but no one could have foreseen some things as they turn out. This film was the springboard for the series UFO the following year and in fact not only had the same FX people and producers but many of the cast were regulars in that show.<br /><br />It always comes off like an "alternate history" future more than anything else-the "Apollo-like" rocket used in the lift-off it always seems like this is really another planet than earth. Given the "alternate earth" plot one would assume that was the feeling they wanted. We end up with an ending that posits more questions than answers. That because the "other earth" exists every movement event and thing said is duplicated as it's happening on both worlds. Because of that given and the sun in between the two versions of the same person (in this case Glenn Ross astronaut) can never meet. A complete accident discovered the planet in the first place when it would have most likely stayed a secret forever.<br /><br />Filmed mostly in Portugal with FX work in England it's a must-own for any Gerry Anderson fan. I have the Image bare bones DVD from a few years ago now out of print but one hopes Universal will re-release it with perhaps extras and even a Gerry Anderson commentary.
critique3208 This is the kind of film that if it were made today it would probably star Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant; actually now that I think about it this one is quite liable to be remade one day. It's pleasant but with no depth whatsoever. It suffers from the almost fatal miscasting of James Stewart in a role he is about 20 years too old for and as a result there is no chemistry between him and the beautiful Kim Novak. Ernie Kovacs in the small supporting role of an aspiring writer is the only actor in the film whose performance approaches what you might call "wit". (**1/2)
critique3209 If you want to see a true thriller rent this!!! It's not from the director or screenwriter of "Scream" doesn't feature overacting overpaid "TV" actors passing off as "stars" and is not a run of the mill special effects bonanza. Instead you'll get a top-notch edgy very strong (in violence) yet thrilling nailbiter.
critique3210 This is a very strange little short film that initially didn't impress me. From a purely aesthetic point of view the animation here certainly ain't pretty--though after a while you notice that the simple and silly drawings do possess a certain odd charm. That's probably because with the script as screwy as this one the animation works.<br /><br />The film shows an older couple sitting at the table playing Scrabble. At the same time they are fixated on this game or other bizarre pursuits (such as the husband's compulsion to saw things--even the chair and table)! And all of this stuff occurs as the television warns of pending atomic annihilation--Armageddon is definitely here! Naturally the neighbors are screaming and running amok--during which time the couple obliviously continues with this idiotic game. Heck even their cat knows the end is coming as the couple begin bickering about who may or may not have cheated--leading to a very surreal ending indeed!! The film deserves kudos for both being unique as well as very funny. While it did not win the Oscar it was nominated for Best Animated Short--which it richly deserved.
critique3211 Like all of the very earliest films this "movie" is very very short--lasting about one minute! So because of its brevity it's not really possible to compare it to more modern films. But for its time it's actually a very remarkable film. Much of this is because the prints were hand painted--making Annabelle appear red and other colors as she does her amazing dance. I've actually seen two different versions--one where she is red and another where she changes color throughout. I think the red one depicted on the DVD "The Great Train Robbery and Other Primary Works" is the best of them. The dance itself is very hypnotic and much like a piece of amazing performance art. And unlike other one minute (or less) films of the day this one is one I could see repeatedly--it's just that visually compelling and odd.<br /><br />If you want to see it online there is a 36 second version on Google Video (type in "serpentine dance").
critique3212 Once in a while a film comes along that raises the bar for every other film in its genre. A film of this caliber will influence many films following its release for years to come. `A Chinese Ghost Story' falls in this category. It is arguably one of the best horror films made during the 1980's; possibly one of the best ever made.<br /><br />The filmmakers have crafted a movie that appeals to every horror fan. The story is engrossing and original. The villains are appropriately menacing and frightening. The sets are creepy and atmospheric. There is even a little blood and gore to satisfy the splatter fan of the house. But don't let the `horror' label scare you off if you're not a fan of the genre. This film easily fits into many different categories.<br /><br />The screenwriter has deftly blended the drama comedy horror kung fu and romance genres into a delicious deluxe cinematic pizza. `A Chinese Ghost Story' is a beautiful epic love story told thankfully without the gratuitous nudity and/or explicit sex scenes that have ruined many Hollywood `love stories'. Those put off by the romantic elements of the story can sit back and revel in the fast-paced swordplay and `wire-fu'. If that's not enough actors Leslie Cheung and Wu Ma provide enough humorous situations to satiate your appetite for comedy. This film offers something for every film fan.<br /><br />Director Siu-Tung Ching and Producer Tsui Hark assembled a truly amazing cast for this film. Leslie Cheung proves that he is not only a gifted actor but also a talented singer and a charming physical comedian. I cannot possibly think of a performer other than Cheung who could have portrayed Ling Choi Sin better (except maybe Chow Yun Fat). Joey Wang is enchanting as Lit Su Seen the enslaved spirit who steals the heart of Cheung's character. Her portrayal of the title character is truly haunting and memorable. Wu Ma is hilarious as the cantankerous Taoist who aids the young lovers.<br /><br />On technical level this film is very impressive even by today's standards. The direction is superb. I wish that today's Hollywood executives would seek out talented artists like Siu-Tung Ching rather falling back on the usual MTV video or Pepsi commercial `directors'. The cinematography is gorgeous. You have to commend any cinematographer who can make a film look good when most of its pivotal scenes take place in the dead of night. The special effects make-up is top-notch. In fact most of the creature effects in this film blow away the shoddy CGI ghouls and goblins that have become commonplace in modern horror films.<br /><br />Since its release "A Chinese Ghost Story" has spawned two worthy sequels a full-length animated movie and countless imitations. None of the films that followed it or copied it were able to capture the magic of this classic however. This film is required viewing for any horror fan or just anyone looking for great way to spend 95 minutes of your time. 10 out 10.<br /><br />
critique3213 Goldeneye will always go down as one of thee most legendary games in VG history. Their is no doubt about that. But this game although quite different could quite possibly be the modern-day Bond champ of its time.<br /><br />This was not a bond game based on material from another medium. This was a completely new; scripted game. Which even had its own theme song! (wouldnt be bond without it haha!) Gameplay was excellent and if you're a fan of the bond games or films alike you'll enjoy it.<br /><br />Unlike some/most games these cast members portrayed their characters themselves as opposed to fictional creations for the game. Which gives it that more cinematic feel. With a very 'bond'-able storyline you feel like you're in the game as much as you get lost in a movie.<br /><br />Enjoyable in all aspects from start to finish. Even after beating the game there's still plenty more to be done. With the ranking system and unlockables to be achieved as well as its multi-player missions this is a stand-out game. Despite being quite old now in video game years. It's still a good game that you can pick up & play whenever you feel the need to get a little more Bond in your life. Even now just thinking about it I've got the theme song stuck in my head. Such a great cast and well-written storyline.<br /><br />The story comes to life on the screen almost as if the actors were their in front of you and is every bit as entertaining as the game itself. Superbly done in true bond fashion. Which can only be named Awesome Completely Awesome.<br /><br />I've gotta go throw this game on now. If you haven't played it yet you're missing out!
critique3214 This is my favorite horror film a close 2nd to 'Poltergeist'. I saw 'One Dark Night' when it first came out in theaters in 1983 at the theater where I worked.<br /><br />I was born in 1963 so I have a certain love for '80's horror films despite them being a little dated and the dialog not well written. What I thought was so original about it was that the phenomenon of 'psychic vampirism' has not been addressed (at least to my knowledge at that time) and is a very real phenomenon.<br /><br />I didn't care if Adam West was in it (nothing against him but his supporting role was not memorable) but thought Meg Tilly was good casting. The little-known Donald Hutton (from 'Brainstorm' and 'Invaders From Mars') as an ambiguous scientist who oversaw studies on Ramar's abilities was sadly overlooked. As a gay guy I was paying more attention to David Mason Daniels Meg Tilly's unfortunate but gorgeous boyfriend. He's selling real estate in Texas now. <br /><br />I felt the film 'realistic' in two ways: Raymar who was discovered to have murdered 6 girls in his surreal apartment had a funeral that was sparse in attendance reflecting the fact that not only was he mysterious a hermit but a killer. As you know these types are buried without fanfare. Second if corpses were going to be telekinetically mobile they would hover dragging their feet. The filmmakers could have gone for the schlock walking groaning arms out-stretched zombies but opted for what would be believable. Kudos! The buzzing electrical discharge from Ramar's eyes at his 'throne coffin' (like he's overseeing his kingdom of dead) cast an eerie magenta light in the mausoleum that will stay with you for years! If you've ever gone to a mausoleum even on a sunny day you will notice that they have their own rosetta lighting caused by stained glass windows. Don't get me started on the cavernous silence. Even Ramar himself looked like someone who could pass as an eccentric perverted old man. The score was one-of-a-kind and memorable and I keep kicking myself for not getting it on cassette when it first came out. The track shooting was done where it was supposed to be. I especially liked the carefully-planned characteristics of each corpse: the bride the badly decomposed child still holding its teddy bear the grandmother the tall thin black guy and the half-faced World War II vet and the green-slimed eyed elderly gent who was the first to greet the 'Sisters' clique initiators. Even corpses can be good actors I suppose. The only thing I had to groan about was the arm that came out of one of the vaults and choke Julie's boyfriend couldn't possibly be done unless a corpse was put in laying on it's stomach and feet first but why? It looked a little to fresh too.<br /><br />The film begins eerie with us never seeing Ramar's face (until the last quarter of the film which is like unwrapping a birthday present) as he is picking up teen girl runaways in his daughter's psychic flash. We then see coroners hauling his body away in his one bedroom apartment where we see he's experimented his telekinetic craft by phasing dishes into his wall. The rest does drag as the Heathers-like 'Sisters' group baits Julie into a final initiation by spending the night inside the mausoleum but it is a well-placed build up to the unleashing horror later. The movie isn't bloody in any sense of the word. The goriest part is when Ramar's daughter uses a compact mirror to feed his power back to him and he bubbles then melts. I've always felt that a power like Ramar's could never die and a sequel could be worth looking into. I can see it now: One Dark Night II: Turning In The Grave. But let's face it-The film stands alone. I heard the film had other titles but the original fits.<br /><br />A remake would be pointless. But if there were to be one I would write better dialog and lengthen some scenes such as show the studies on Ramar's abilities done in the lab instead of hearing about it on a tape recorder. In this information age something like that would be well documented on DVD. And more corpses! Why just raise the ones in the mausoleum when Ramar's power could spread to the graveyard too? Let's just say I'd hate to be one of the persons who had to clean up the mess at the end of the climax; something that too can be shown. I think having one of the initiating Sisters recognize one of the corpses as a relative would have added some good if disturbing character. With CG effects some awesome scenes with Ramar animating cremated remains would be off the wall! <br /><br />Say what you will about'One Dark Night' but it has it all. So see at least once in your life...or death!
critique3215 This was without a doubt the best of the "Dirty Harry" series. From the opening credits you're swept up in a revenge tale that hits hard and is profoundly engrossing. Sondra Locke is perfect in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge. Eastwood has many "aside" sequences that have nothing to do with the plot but show Harry at his bad-assed best. Loaded with unforgettable characters in minor roles this film rocks and should serve as the standard for detective/action flicks. This is the one Dirty Harry flick that's raw and devoid of any "fluff". I can watch this again and again (okay not in one sitting) because it's a gratifying "out for revenge" yarn. The pace is quick and several of the scenes are unforgettable. "Go ahead - Make my day...You feel lucky Punk? ...." classic Eastwood as only Eastwood with his anguished rubbery expressions and whispery menacing voice can do it.
critique3216 The wit and pace and three show stopping Busby Berkley numbers put this ahead of the over-rated 42nd Street. This is the definitive 30's musical with a knockout frenetic performance from Jimmy Cagney. One of the last releases before the Motion Picture Production Code was strictly enforced. A must see.
critique3217 This movie brought together some of the old Spinal crew for another mockumentary film this time revolving around the world of the Dog Show how their owners prepare and train for the show before moving on to the show itself.<br /><br />We meet several teams as they hope to win the top prize- The Fleck's Cookie who seems to have slept with every man ever and Gerry who tries to cope with his wife's old escapades and the fact that he literally has two left feet. Harlan whose dog talks to him and enjoys ventriloquism. The Swan's who have taken far too much coffee and scream at each other. Donalan and Vanderhoof the gay couple and Cabot and Cummings who have won the last two years. Fred Willard commentates on the show and is very funny as always. Funny scenes include the 'Look at me!' scene and any with Levy. Unfortunately some of the best scenes were deleted or filmed later- Willard interviewing Leslie Cabot and the alternative epilogue with Gerry is one of the funniest things i have ever seen. If these had been included i would give the film an extra mark. But...<br /><br />7 out of 10
critique3218 Jared Diamond made a point in the first episode that other peoples of the world didn't have animals to domesticate but Europeans did and that accounts for why we were able to make steel and invent complex machines. --- It is obvious that the person who wrote this comment hasn't understood the reasoning behind this documentary or the original book. Please don't ruin this great piece by your simple mindedness. The reasons are far more complex than the single thing you mentioned. Please read the book as is it a great source of information. I enjoyed it a lot. This book is even a taught as a text book at some universities.
critique3219 I voted this a 10 out of 10 simply because it is the best animated story I have been able to see in quite some time. The animation is stunning. The artwork behind each and every landscape was beautiful. From the colors to the lighting to the not standard fare of artistry. I was amazed. Moving beyond the beauty on the screen you are immersed in a storyline that is at once timeless and at the same turn fresh. Character development is brief yet these touchstone moments are exactly what is needed to clue the viewer in to what and why and how the character has come to where they stand. I'm impressed with the entire affair and think this is a must see for the entire family.
critique3220 This movie was great don't understand the disrespect it get's. I first scene this in like 87-88 and it was actually scary If you are an 80's horror fan you should have no problem with this film it has everything that makes 80's horror great. I got to meet a few of the actor's and they were cool. What is not great about a creepy old housedemonscrazy party & horny good looking young people. The dialog and the special fx made this movie a classic. This film also took care of one of those classic rumors about horror the black guy does not alway's have to die in the end.Even though this movie was great there is one thing that remains undiscovered to me what really happened to the old couple at the end was it on purpose or not that little side story thing alway's had me puzzled.
critique3221 This was alright. It was one of those We Gotcha But We Don't Have Enough Evidence Yet storylines. In the couple handfulls of movies I've seen her in I've never really though much of Stephanie Zimbalist. A professional TV actress she is but nothing really outstanding. Here in this she was definitely above average as the former fed (or was it fed on loan?) profiler. Her character got along well with the motley bunch of Special Investigation Unit cops she was assigned with. There wasn't really a goofy character you'd roll your eyes at and just despise which was good. Also good is it takes awhile to know who the murderer is... but when I found out I wasn't that surprised. Oh well. One more thing that was good was the Los Angeles locations. Quite possibly if this was made today they'd use Toronto or Vancouver but here they really shot in downtown L.A. Like that a lot (even though I semi-despise L.A.) Liked the movie too. I don't know if I'd ever watch it again but it wasn't too bad. My grade: B-
critique3222 This film is great - well written and very entertaining. David Duchovny shows once again that he is much more than Fox Mulder and the performances by the old men are funny as can be. Old married folks (like me) will appreciate the connection between two hearts.
critique3223 Only seen season 1 so far but this is just great!! A wide variety of people stuck on a island. Nobody are who they seem to be and everybody seems to have loads of skeletons in their closets .... it sounds like Melrose Place meets the Crusoe family and why is that so great ? It probably is not but then ad a spoon full of X Files a dose of "what" ?? and a big "hey" and a island that is everything You ever dreamed of - in Your freakiest nightmares and You'll be Lost to. The story got so many twists and turns it is unbelievable. Great set up solid acting with a liberating acceptance that at the end of the everybody is human (well almost everybody ... I think ...)with good and bad sides. But weird oh so weird ...
critique3224 While I have a great respect for Disney's animated films as of late they haven't really been what I would call "must-see". Atlantis looked intriguing from the first movie poster and trailer and thankfully lived up to my expectations.<br /><br />Atlantis is a more "mature" Disney film in the sense that it lacks songs (a very unusual trait for a Disney film indeed) and is focused more on action and discovery than any other recent Disney offering. The world of Atlantis hidden beneath the earth's core is fantastic presented as desolate caverns with ruins and then slowly developing into actual ecosystems which while usually containing some reminder of harshness become more and more intriguing until the tropical paradise itself is reached. The presentation of simply Atlantis' landscape and setting without some expendable cheery song gave the kingdom a much more beautiful and intriguing appearance. The inclusion of an Atlantean language as well as attempts to connect it into the mythology of real-life ancient civilizations adds to this and works fairly well.<br /><br />Also with the exception of some scenes involving Mole's practical jokes there didn't seem to be much of a "childish" element that I usually associate with Disney films. Instead the main elements were the struggle to get to Atlantis and the constant discovery that occurred at Atlantis as Milo the outsider was able to learn all he ever needed to know about the place by helping the Atlanteans discover parts of their own history that they didn't know about. Part of this involves the Atlantean "weaponry" which is used in a very action-packed climax which is for lack of a better word quite exciting.<br /><br />Granted not all of the story makes full sense and the film doesn't feature any amazing new computer-generated visual effects but aside from the Toy Story movies this is the most entertaining Disney film I've seen in years.
critique3225 This is one of the greatest child-pet movies ever created. I cry every time I see Shadow yelling "Wait wait for me Peter!" as the family car is pulling away. This is a must see if you love animals! Best Movie Ever! The lines in the movie are sometimes stupid. Like when Sassy says to Chance; "Cat's Rule and dogs drool!" Lines like this I could do without but when I was six I bet I loved that line. The storyline may seem hooky to some but I like it. Shadow as the older dog who's preparing Chance to take over for him when he's gone is really moving when you think about it. It reminded me of my childhood dog. I think everyone can find a piece of themselves in "Homeward Bound."
critique3226 At least something good came out of Damon Runyon's misguided attempt to sentimentalize the Mafia. "Guys and Dolls" the seemingly indestructible stage musical was captured on film in 1955 by Joseph L. Mankiewicz ("All About Eve") in a colorful enjoyable movie that featured an all-star cast including Vivian Blaine (from the original Broadway show) Jean Simmons (whose character bears an odd resemblance to Audrey Hepburn in "Roman Holiday") and two of the all-time great leading men Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando both of whom had recently won Oscars for Best Supporting Actor ("From Here To Eternity") and Best Actor ("On the Waterfront") and were on the top of their game. One listen to Brando singing "Luck Be a Lady Tonight" speaks volumes about where the early Dylan got his voice. Stubby Kaye steals the show as Nicely Nicely Johnson who brings down the house with "Sit Down You're Rocking The Boat." The ubiquitous Sheldon Leonard adds yet another page to his rogue's gallery of screen gangsters. The film has a bright cartoonish look anticipating the Pop Art of the early 1960s. The characters speak in a stylized patois apparently based on Yiddish idioms. Although the film's social attitudes and gender roles are dated it's all great fun and even the gentle kidding of the Salvation Army is harmless and reflects no real animosity toward organized religion. Just seeing Sinatra and Brando in the same film is reason enough to watch this movie but it has lots of other attractions to offer during its 149 minutes.
critique3227 The first full-length film featuring the Aardman characters Wallace and Gromit manages to bring in elements of all the previous half-hour show which aired on television.<br /><br />Wallace runs a company to humanely capture rogue rabbits from people's vegetable gardens and has the bright idea to try out his invention on the hapless bunnies once they're caught. Of course as in other Wallace and Gromit films things don't quite work out as planned.<br /><br />Similarly to A Close Shave there's a love interest for Wallace in this case the village Lady Posh and a big mean villain with a bullish dog. Gromit is beautifully animated with a wide range of expressions making the character laugh out loud funny. And of course Peter Sallis provides the voice of Wallace again and is a perfect fit.<br /><br />And as in A Grand Day Out cheese features heavily to great comedic effect as the film moves along.<br /><br />On the negative side this film is a little on the long side. There are great effects and some pieces which make you sit up and watch but perhaps this story would have worked better as another short subject rather than pushing it to feature-length.
critique3228 I'm afraid I must disagree with Mr. Radcliffe as although he is correct in saying this isn't a comedy it has many other merits. The plot is a little mad at parts but I believe it it all fits together nicely creating a satisfying enjoyable film. The last scene was rather abysmal compared to the rest of the film but the actual ending of the plot a few scenes previously is very interesting showing just what someone will do under stressful circumstances.<br /><br />I would recommend this film to fans of thrillers and action movies but if you're a fan of gangster movies then as long as you don't expect expect something as deep as Goodfellas then you should still find it enjoyable.
critique3229 I've just watched this with my three children - 12yrs (boy) 10yrs (boy) and 8yrs (girl) and this film was good old fashioned family action adventure. Although definitely aimed at the kid market (I'd say 5 to 13)it was certainly watchable and as a parent it is a pleasure to find a movie that appeals to a broad range of ages whilst still being suitable for the whole family to watch - particularly younger children.<br /><br />The story revolves around Ricky a bit of a nerd with a vivid imagination (this can definitely be seen in his daydream sequences) who foils a kidnapping and major art theft while on on-board a flight to Washington for a school trip. Ricky's dad is an airplane mechanic so Ricky not only knows the structure of the aircraft inside out but is also a top-gun on his computer flight simulator. This comes in handy when the pilot and co-pilot are out cold through a series of misadventures and there is no-one left to fly the plane. I don't want to give away any more of the plot.
critique3230 I am going to go out on a limb and actually defend "Shades of Grey" as a good clip-show episode which delved into the life and death struggle of Commander William Thomas Riker who was battling a terminally fatal disease.<br /><br />The scenes from the flashback sequences were implemented quite well with the mood Riker was in such as when he was reliving his romantic episodes such as "11001001" "Angel One" and "Up the Long Ladder." Tragic moments were highlighted such as Tasha's death in "Skin of Evil" as well as elements of pulse-pounding danger in "Heart of Glory" "Conspiracy" and the aforementioned "Skin of Evil." Riker also exhibited courage under fire by telling some humorous jokes such as "An ancestor of mine was bitten by a rattlesnake once...after 3 days of intense pain the snake died." This episode highlighted the psychological ordeal of Will Riker under extreme duress. And YES I am biased in my opinion in proclaiming "Shades of Grey" as a solid episode because at the time of its original airing my face was covered in sweat wondering whether or not Riker would pullout of it alive and live to see other great galactic outerspace adventures beyond the final frontier...<br /><br />Of course in subsequent years I seem to have formed a singular opinion of this particular episode...but if an award should go for "the best clip-show episode in the history of television" then I believe that this episode should be highly regarded in that respect.
critique3231 Reading some of the comments on the message boards here I was expecting this movie to be a complete letdown - but when I watched it I could not stop laughing! It has officially become my new favourite movie.<br /><br />I don't know what all the hate here is about maybe it's because a movie of this kind has never really been around before. I am at a loss to name another completely female driven comedy. Plenty of comedies will have one or two actresses in the lead but there will be a lot of supporting male characters. This one was almost ALL women - with the exception of Seth Meyers Justin Hartley and the brief appearance of Will Arnett - and it worked. All of the actresses delivered very funny performances (especially Missi Pyle) from a quirky and lovable script.<br /><br />The charm of this film to me seems to be in its subtle feminist message: accepting who you are female success in the public sphere the strength of female friendships and breaking gender roles. Light-hearted though it is each of the lead characters face a challenge as their attempts to be more 'fun' conflict with their feminist values and who they knew themselves to be.<br /><br />Missi Pyle proposed that this film missed a theatrical release because of its all-female cast and lack of a big-name actor to get the studios behind it and I have to agree. Everyone I've recommended this film to has loved it and I think it's a shame that a comedy celebrating female dorkiness hasn't been widely accepted and successful.<br /><br />I highly recommend this film to anyone with an open mind or a love of female-centred comedy.
critique3232 When it comes to movies I don't easily discriminate between crap pure crap and masterpieces. I believe this movie is an absolute masterpiece and it's hard to keep me entertained for more than 90 minutes. This movie ran SLOWER than Mystic River and Harry Potter 3 combined and I still managed to stay riveted to my seat. For me it was the passion that Eric Bogosian put into his performance. It's extremely difficult to pull off such a stunt and manage to garner any positive effect from it. Bogosian probably nailed one of the toughest single-man performances in modern cinema. I didn't have any respect for Bogosian until the end of the film. The entire monologue minutes before the inexorable climax was the turning point it was the key that turned me around. This man hit a point so low that he knew he could never recover from it. The corporate boys congratulated him on the performance. His blistering prose made even the slimiest one in the cavalcade shake his head in awe. It made me realize that personal integrity and hypocrisy don't matter in the world of talk radio even in the corporate world for that matter. Stone may have been pushing some uber-liberal agenda but it was the actual movie and production that got my attention. Oliver Stone is a minor master of the moody. The final third of the film had probably the best lighting and cinematography I have seen in any film. Stone artfully makes the DJ booth feel like five-by-seven cell in a nineteenth century prison. Visually speaking it appears that Bogosian's only friend is the black foam that absorbs his routine vitriol. He speaks and it doesn't speak back. It's a sad metaphor considering the way he treats the people who handed him his success. Stone and Bogosian carved out a stunning film of a man who is trapped in both a prison of walls and a prison of self. This man is confined to his own volition and he can never escape it. The scene that made me realize his conundrum was when he was unwilling to his ex-wife back. He preferred his own prison instead of the world on the outside. Every story has a conflict and it came down to the simplest of all conflicts: man versus himself. 'Talk Radio' presents this conflict in an intelligent gripping and artful fashion. There are no hidden messages in this film and the progression of events should be expected by any astute viewer. I just leaned back and let my mind be grasped by this film and I loved it. It's unheralded unseen and it will never receive its due recognition. Let's hope it stays that way because gems deserve to be found and then hidden again. It's a gem because I found it in the discount DVD bin at my local Wal-Mart store. For $5.50 it was worth the half-hour I spent digging trying to find it. I did and I got more than my money's worth. This is one of the best movies ever made and that is worth ten reasons alone. Ten reasons give a score of ten.<br /><br />Here ends my rant!
critique3233 I was not expecting the powerful filmmaking experience of "Girlfight". It's an Indie; low-budget no big-name actors freshman director. I had heard it was good but not this good.<br /><br />Placed in a contemporary ethnic working-class Brooklyn Karyn Kusama has done an extraordinary job of capturing the day-do-day struggles of urban Latinos. Diana the protagonist is seething with anger and lashes out at her high school peers getting in trouble with the school and her friends. She is being raised by her single father who appears to love her and her brother but applies a strict sex-based double standard on his children. The father's double standard is illustrated by the fact that Tiny the brother is taking boxing lessons at the local gym but Diana is denied similar pursuits. On an errand to the gym to meet Tiny Diana is captivated by boxing. Tiny doesn't like boxing so he and Diana trade places; he gets the money from Dad then gives it to Diana to take the lessons in his place.<br /><br />This is actually a feel-good movie as Diana grows and learns about herself through boxing meets a guy and addresses some very serious issues head-on. There's no giggly 'everything that can go right does go right' resolution a la "Bend It Like Beckham". The reality and attendant personal issues are too big for pat resolutions but in my opinion "Girlfight" is a better and more satisfying film for it.
critique3234 I really liked this version of 'Vanishing Point' as opposed to the 1971 version. I found the 1971 version quite boring. If I can get up in the middle of a movie a few times(as I did with the 1971 version) than to me it is not all that great. Of course this could be due to the fact that I was only nine at the time the 1971 version was brought out. However I have seen many remakes where I have liked the original and older one better. I found that the plot of the 1997 version was more understandable and had basically kept true to the original without undermining the meaning of the 1971 version. In my opinion I felt the 1997 version had more excitement and wasn't so "blase".(Boring)
critique3235 This movie is maybe the most touching and uplifting one that I have ever seen. I am not a religious person but sometimes a great piece of art like this movie can give me an almost religious experience. One suddenly realizes that there is really meaning to life.<br /><br />I must admit that when I first heard about this movie I was sceptical. I thought the plot sounded contrived and I was afraid that the story would be banal. But being a David Lynch fan I decided to give it a go. It took me about 30 minutes to be fully captured by the movie but then I was completely lost in it. There is so much wisdom and warmth in this movie! I left the cinema feeling that I had truly learned something valuable about life.<br /><br />This is not a typical David Lynch movie and in some ways it was very surprising that he should make such a film after exploring the dark sides of human nature for so many years. On the other hand I am not surprised that he manages to convey deep emotions and profound human insight because I also thought he managed that very well in The Elephant Man. Lynch is one of the most gifted directors around and I think The Straight Story is his best yet. 9.5/10
critique3236 Every once in a while a film comes along with characters we all know and love. A film where you see people you know portrayed on screen. It's cinema very at its best.<br /><br />Lackawanna Blues is that film. Set in 1960s upstate New York the story surrounds a rock- solid woman who is the foundation for her community. This based on a true story film is told from a child she accepted as her own. This child Ruben Santiago-Hudson wrote the screenplay.<br /><br />*Emmy winner S. Epatha Merkerson stars as Nanny a woman who has wit drive and determination for helping others in her boarding home. She does this as she wrestles with infidelity from her young lover Bill Crosby played by the **Oscar nominated Terrence Howard. <br /><br />But make no mistake; see this film for the amazing performance of Merkerson who is brilliant in this role. She encompasses a person we have all known and perhaps love.<br /><br />Lackawanna Blues is already on DVD; be sure to pick it up at your local video story today.<br /><br />*Merkerson has already won an Emmy Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild for this role.<br /><br />**Howard has an Oscar nomination for his role in Hustle & Flow.
critique3237 When a group of escaped convicts manage to flee to a remote islandthey soon find that their new home is inhabited by a strangely menacing doctor(Richard Johnson of "Zombi 2" fame)a mad scientist(Joseph Cotten)his beautiful daughter(Barbara Bach)and a horde of superstitious natives.The tribesmen say that the doctor has created grotesque half-humanhalf-fish creatures for evilsecretive purposes.And though at first the prisoners do not believe thisas they disappearone by onethey begin to change their minds."Screamers" is a very entertaining mix of "Mysterious Island" and "Humanoids from the Deep".There is plenty of gore with really cool decapitation scene and throat tearing to boost.The acting is so-sobut the film is fast-paced and entertaining.Give it a look.8 out of 10.
critique3238 Don't get me wrong this was fun to watch. It has some nice animation with exception of an odd looking Bugs and some nice music. And the standout scene was definitely Elmer Bugs and Daffy's dance on the floor that was such a nice and fun touch. As a matter of fact the whole cartoon is nice to watch but all in all it is not what I call exceptional like Carrotblanca. There are some very nice gags but they have been used before I feel and there wasn't much that I would deem hilarious. And Daffy joining forces with Elmer? Somehow seeing as he was a target of the hunter didn't it seem odd that he would be friends with him. Though I will admit it was nice having Daffy there. The voice acting was above average too but somehow I missed Mel Blanc.<br /><br />All in all unexceptional but very nice cartoon. 7/10 Bethany Cox
critique3239 First off I would just like to say what a big fan of Bette Midler's I am. Stella is a very good movie with a wonderful cast (Bette Midler John Goodman Trini Alvarado Stephen Collins Marsha Mason) This is one of my favorite films of all time. It deals with a mother raising a child on her own she goes through a lot of things that are out of her way to bring up her daughter Jenny played wonderfully by Trini Alvarado. This movie is very good and I suggest that you pick up a copy to watch it. Roger Ebert gave is 3 1/2 stars! And it deserved 4! WONDERFUL! I give it 4 out of 4!
critique3240 You may have serious doubts about watching the third sequel to The Stepford Wifes but this is an absolute classic. Much scarier in premise than the first and very entertaining. It only got a video release here in the UK but should be released worldwide for everyone to enjoy.
critique3241 Over the years some of them most enjoyable films have been about dysfunctional families.<br /><br />BonjourMonsieur Sholmi is such a film<br /><br />This is an Isreali film about a Moroccan Jewish family.<br /><br />This could be about any family in any culture. We all know or would want to know people like those in this comic gem.<br /><br />This 2003 delight was written & directed by Shemi Zorkin. Let us hope he a long career.<br /><br />The movie is seen through the eyes of the 16 year old sonwho seems to be concerned with everyone in the family. Heis brilliantly played by Oshri Cohen (he was 18 when he made the movie.<br /><br />He has been in a few since & I know I will hunt them up. Hopefully this young man will become an international star.<br /><br />The entire cast is magnificentI do hope I see them again.<br /><br />I loved every person in the cast to some degree.I think all who see this will agree.<br /><br />It has been nominated for many international awards & has won 8 It deserved every one.<br /><br />Now being a film in a language besides English it had a very limited run in the USA which I feel is regrettable.<br /><br />Rent this film you will be glad you did.<br /><br />Ratings: ***1/2 (out of 4) 95 points(out of 100) IMDb 9 (out of 10)<br /><br />NOTE: Since the story is not new this is as high a rating it can get.
critique3242 (the description of the mood of the movie may be considered as a spoiler - because there is not much action in fact)<br /><br />Great one...<br /><br />Is it for my peculiar interest for the dystopias and utopias? Is it for the atmosphere of the movie. Or is there some more magic? If yes it is for sure the utmost human one...<br /><br />This film is no doubt extremely artistic/artificial (depends on taste). I can imagine most of the people who hate to watch slow movies (and those of Tsai Ming Liang (who I didn't enjoy other times) are one of the slowest that I know) suffering during the movie. Yes people are unable to slow down and to let time pass - and to watch it without feeling they waste it. One can take this piece as torture or as a therapy...<br /><br />The topic at the surface? The lack of communication - even if we live in rabbit cages - one next to each other - but not really together? People are tired sick of something and unable to describe it - just don't want to meet touch talk confront the others... like if they had disappeared. The big block of flats looks void and the rain falling constantly evokes the strange melancholy inside. And sometimes it must be something abnormal unexpected some unwanted decay as a hole in the floor of concrete - that allows us to reach each other.<br /><br />One of the possible ways to look at it is this: Don't survey the inner world of the characters - consider the whole movie-space to be inside of yourself. And ask - why is it there? Where could these depressive states and moods come form? Is there a place for them they don't have a right to be here? And search for the answers (if you need them) among the walls and halls of the block - instead of inside hardly transparent mind of a man.<br /><br />The key to understand is not-to-understand - to let a movie borrow us - as a subject of study - inside itself - and at the end safely return us to our more colorful and "normal" looking reality.<br /><br />Then maybe you will reach - like me - the feeling of real possible non-pathetic hope that in core we are still humans... and this state of mind can help one much to live in this world.
critique3243 Wesley Eure is young inventor Brian Foster who's invented a new crime busting security device in the form of a robot dog the titular "C.H.O.M.P.S." (It stands for Canine HOMe Protection System). C.H.O.M.P.S. who's been modeled after Brian's real dog Rascal can do just about anything; he's got enhanced speed strength X-ray vision and the like. It's just the thing to save his boss Ralph Norton's (Conrad Bain) security company. Naturally a slimy competitor Gibbs (Jim Backus) wants the edge so he tries to get his hands on the secret.<br /><br />This is the kind of thing that's just too hard to resist. It's got plenty of slapstick (Chuck McCann and Red Buttons play a great pair of bumbling idiots) an upbeat attitude an engaging cast and enough good laughs to keep one entertained. The energetic disco-style music gets repetitive but is undeniably catchy; the story is straightforward and the dogs themselves are absolutely adorable. In one thoroughly odd but side-splitting touch there's another dog in the film (named "Monster") whose thoughts we actually get to hear; both his dialog and the performer doing the voice are priceless. In fact he even utilizes some mild profanity and his last words end the film on a positively gut busting final note.<br /><br />Eure and the cute Valerie Bertinelli are very likable young leads and their veteran supporting cast plays the material with all the gusto they can muster. Larry Bishop Hermione Baddeley Robert Q. Lewis and Regis Toomey also co-star.<br /><br />A rare theatrical live-action venture for the cartoon-creating team of Hanna & Barbera ('The Flintstones' 'Scooby-Doo' 'The Smurfs' and so on) "C.H.O.M.P.S." is agreeably silly stuff. I know it left me with a smile on my face.<br /><br />7/10
critique3244 This is a pretty OK film... yes some parts are lame and exceptionally convenient and the movie doesn't really justify the large star cast (AB SD Tanuja). However the actor that really impressed me here was Kay Kay Menon (not to be confused with the singer KK). In the scene where he first meets Amitabh's character I thought that a man who can just look at AB keep staring and not say a word and still look strong is definitely a good actor. In fact he has proved himself worthy again in Sarkar alongside AB for a second time. This guy should get more roles he's brilliant.<br /><br />If you've read any of the other reviews here on IMDb you already know the plot and I do agree that Akshaye Khanna's entry into Pakistan was a little too easy. And the little love angle he shared with "what's-her-face" was completely unnecessary. But he is a fairly good actor (as seen in DCH) Sunjay Dutt is cool to watch always. and AB... what can I say. I don't know if I'm his biggest fan in the world but I know I can definitely compete for the spot.<br /><br />An interesting watch considering it's Bollywood although a bit inspired by Hollywood oldies like "the Great Escape" and "Bridge on the River Kwai".
critique3245 This film is outstanding and wonderfully scored. Prince's Oscar for music was richly deserved (many people don't know he won one). I think this is one of the best films to watch as a couple late at night on DVD. A great surprise: Prince does a fine job acting and is pretty good at conveying pain on camera. Morris Day Wendy and Lisa are good in their supporting roles. Very cool landmark film.
critique3246 Atlantis: The Lost Empire has some of the best smoothest animation and cleverly written dialogue of any Disney movie I've seen. And I was convinced of that in the first 15 minutes. I especially love Don Novello's voice work on Vincenzo Santorini and Phil Morris as Joshua Strongbear Sweet. Too bad the whole film seems to move at about double the pace that would be appropriate - at least in the first act. One important aspect of any Disney movie is a satisfying antagonist - which Atlantis doesn't provide. He's average at best. Halfway through the movie there's a mediocre twist. That's all. It's a great movie nevertheless. Everyone should check it out.
critique3247 I'll bet I watch this film 4 or 5 times a year and will do so more often now that the Hollyweird moguls have seen fit to put it on DVD because it's a Classic with a capital "C"! This film is timeless! How can people pay $10.00 nowadays to see the JUNK that comes out of Hollyweird with movies like THE Egyptian; THE TEN COMMANDMENTS; BEN HUR; CAPTAIN NEWMAN MD on tape; DVD; and cable movie channels; I could go on forever but this film is so great and for a relative unknown Edmund Purdom carries the movie like Atlas carried the world. The story is wonderful the acting is first-rate and the graphics at the end are so powerful you sit in your seat for a few minutes just trying to let the words sink in! Really a knockout of a film. I'd give this one 15 stars if they'd let me! They don't make them like this anymore But they should!!!!!
critique3248 <br /><br />"Lets swap Murders- your wife my father"- seemingly innocent conversation between two strangers - Bruno Anthony and Guy Haines when they meet over lunch on a train journey. Guy a solid respectable tennis player whose problem is that his wife the flirtatious Miriam won't divorce him so he can marry senators daughter Anne laughs the whole conversation off as a joke. The following week he isn't laughing any more. In a scene of classic Hitchcock suspense Bruno stalks Miriam through a carnival and strangles her. As he does her glasses fall off and we see the murder eerily reflected twice through her lenses. Cold hearted and amoral Bruno his part of the deal completed approaches an appalled Guy expecting even pressuring him into 'doing his bit.' Matters are not helped when Anne's precocious and outspoken younger sister turns up suspecting Guy of Miriam's murder. So accused of a murder he didn't commit and expected to commit another what is Guy going to do? The power of this film is in the presentation of human beings as having a murderous side to their nature - and this Hitchcock does to perfection.
critique3249 This film has not exactly remained fresh in the minds of film buffs and it's a crying shame. Its witty screenplay adaptation should have netted Oscar nominations for the great screenwriter I.A.L. Diamond's adaptation and Ingrid Bergman's flawless performance. It must have been an honor for Goldie Hawn at such a young age to work with Bergman looking more than a decade younger than her 54 years--fifty four! When she's on the screen it positively twinkles.<br /><br />This is a film which may appear dated at first but it actually made me wish I was around during the swingin' 'sixties. Hawn's fashions are as tacky as Bergman's are chic. (That's one minor flaw--isn't her character a little too soignÃƒÂ©e for a gal who still lives with her sister? But then again would we have Ingrid any other way?) And who wouldn't want to hang out at a nightclub called The Slipped Disc?<br /><br />The best compliments I can pay to this film is that it somehow made me nostalgic for a decade that I never saw and that it left me wanting more. Speaking of wanting more I wonder what ever became of sexy supporting actor Rick Lenz? (He resembles Griffin Dunne in this film.) This was his film debut and I don't see any other major roles in his filmography. As for Goldie Hawn she's done so much since then it's easy to not be impressed but I can't imagine any other actor in the role either.<br /><br />Since the movie is based on a play the line delivery may seem a bit stage-y but it did not inhibit my enjoyment at all. In fact I am amazed at how funny it still is after over thirty-five years. Because this film represents a bygone era it has unjustly slipped from the consciousness of film buffs. It is more linked to the era films that came before it than the ones that followed. But don't let that stop you from savoring the delights it has to offer. Grade: A
critique3250 I have read the book and I must say that this movie stays true to form. I think this is the beginning of the psychological thrillers in the same genre of Psycho. Cristina Raines gives an excellent performance as the lead and Burgess Meredith gives an excellent supporting actor as the next-door neighbor. I have seen this movie at least twice and I think that I am going to buy both the book and the movie for my collection. The suspense just keeps building up to the climatic end the twist you will never see coming. If you like movies like Signs and The Village the Sentinel will be a classic prelude. Also what is interesting is the actors in the movie-you would not recognize them if you did not read the credits. The late Jerry Orbach is great as the commercial director and Jeff Goldblum is excellent as the photographer. Also there is Beverly D'Angelo who is underrated but great.
critique3251 This movie was over-shadowed by 'The Jackal' (Bruce Willis Richard Gere) which was released the same year. Having seen both films I can honestly say this is the superior film.<br /><br />Granted the production value of 'The Jackal' was very good it probably had a substantially bigger budget. However 'The Assignment' is well written and has a fascinating story. Aiden Quinn is flawless in dual roles. Aiden Quinn and director Christian Duguay did a great job of establishing a deep and multi-layered relationship between the title character and his family. I particularly liked the ending.<br /><br />I was reminded of the Jack Ryan character in the Tom Clancy movies. Both are Naval officers thrown into unbelievably dangerous roles as they covertly work on behalf of National security. And yet both Harrison Ford and Aidan Quinn reveal their respective characters as heros who manage to be both virile and gentle. They have a genuine tenderness and vulnerability in their relationships with their families. <br /><br />What I don't understand is how the opinions of all who have posted on this movie (myself included) can be so much more positive than the luke-warm reception the film has received. This is a movie that has enough complexity and subtlety that it remains compelling after multiple viewings. If you are a fan of espionage-genre films I recommend 'The Assignment' enthusiastically.
critique3252 Inspired by True events Radio is one of the best acted heart felt dramas I seen widely released in sometime. It definitely is one of the year's best films of 2003. <br /><br />Radio stars Ed Harris who is Oscar worthy nonetheless in this film as football coach Harold Jones. Coach Jones has been teaching football all his life and loves the game. However Coach Jones does not spend much time with his wife and daughter played by Debra Winger and Sarah Drew. One day Radio played by Cuba Gooding Jr. in his best performance since Men of Honor comes by the football field while the coach's team is practicing for the game. Some members of the team then tie up radio and throw him into a building. They then bang on the building and finally Coach Jones suspects something is wrong. He comes over and helps Radio who is frightened and from that point on Coach Jones and Radio shares a very special bond. Radio becomes the highlight of every football game and really enjoys participating in the football games and at school events. He also becomes Coach Jones's main interest in life over football which at first was his main priority before both his family and Radio.<br /><br />The movie deals with all sorts of real life problems including what your priorities are life accepting people for who they are even if they are different death and family relationships. The movie touches upon all those issues and more and is extremely well done and director Michael Tollin should be very proud of this film. The thing I liked most about Radio was how real it felt. The performances were like watching something in real life occur right before your eyes. Radio had a great mix of comedy and drama. Some parts were quite funny yet other parts were very serious and sad. <br /><br />In conclusion I feel that Radio was very overlooked by Critics only getting average reviews. They must have there heads up there butts because its amazing how this film can only get 2 star reviews and something like school of rock can get 3 or 4 stars it doesn't make any sense to me. Also the performances as I mentioned before are top-notch and Oscar worthy. In my opinion both Ed Harris who I think is underrated as an actor and Cuba Gooding Jr. should both get some kind on nomination for this movie. Radio is one my favorite movies of the year and gives me reason to still see some of the big Hollywood movies. My final rating for Radio is a 9/10.
critique3253 Best of the Zorro serials and one of my favorite serials period. This is a period serial set right after the birth of Mexico. The new nation is counting on the gold produced by this one town to keep the republic solvent. However a gold god Don del Oro is stirring up the Indians and stealing the gold for himself. Its Zorro and his band of men to the rescue. Reed Hadley is a winning Zorro and he cuts a dashing figure as he gets into a nice selection of scraps (most all of which were reused by the later Zorro serials as well as other serials as well).The story moves and its nicely not clear who the real bad guy is. There is a reason that I've seen this the most of any serial I've seen its simply a great action adventure film. The only thing I can compare it to is the Mark of Zorro with Tyrone Power or one of the other swashbucklers of the period. Its super and highly recommended.
critique3254 There is certainly emotion between the two main characters as they explore their relationship--one based primarily on physical attraction from the beginning. And there is also emotion in the inner-workings of Mathieu's family dealing w/ his mother's problems--and how that comes to bear on their relationship. But the problem is it leaves a lot of things unanswered (unless I'm just too dumb to pick up on them). Why is Mathieu in a mental hospital? What led to the boys' break-up? And the flashing back between present and past is a little hard to follow at first. It seems like the main reason to rent this movie is to enjoy some homoerotic vicarious thrills or some male nudity. But as a love story or character study it is lacking and unsatisfying.
critique3255 What happens to washed up rock-n-roll stars in the late 1990's? They launch a comeback / reunion tour. At least that's what the members of Strange Fruit a (fictional) 70's stadium rock group do.<br /><br />Tony (Stephen Rea) has the concession on condom vending machines when he runs into the son of the promoter of a famous music festival. It was at that festival in the 70's that Strange Fruit broke up. The 70's are "retro" and the time is right to wide that wave. He sets off in search of the other members of the band.<br /><br />Part of what broke up the band was the death and replacement of Keith the lead singer and brilliant song writer. The band was known for its excessive lifestyle and now they are all back amongst the working class from which they came. Beano the drummer played by Timothy Spall (who was brilliant in Secrets and Lies) is a layabout the bass player is a roofer and their lead singer is still a rocker. While he owns a huge mansion he has been forced to sell it as his fortune has not lasted. Brian the lead guitarist is dead so a young guitarist is hired to replace him.<br /><br />Somewhat reluctantly the band agree to give the reunion a try. Abandoning their day jobs they begin to rehearse and their manager approaches their label about reissuing their albums. But he wants them to start touring again first. And so they hit the club circuit around Europe. The club scene is not kind to these overweight dated old rockers.<br /><br />It is on tour that the film really starts to develop. All of the old conflicts rearise with the figures of Keith and Brian hovering throughout. They all hang together because they are all in search of a second chance for the greatness that eluded them earlier. And they rediscover some of the interpersonal chemistry that made playing together so enjoyable.<br /><br />Still Crazy starts as Spinal Tap II but gradually becomes a more dramatically focused film following the relationships of the band members. While it is still a very funny movie it is the evolving characters struggling to deal with the deaths of Brian and Keith and with their own personal demons that make the film work.
critique3256 A bit "the movie in the movie" case or as the theme is virtual game here which is the reality or even more frightening which reality is the "real" one.As any Cronenberg there are organic things like the pod and that wonderful idea:the organic gun a weapon made of bones and tissues that shoots teeth. If there are some slower moments the sets designs and ideas are there with some thoughts of revolution. Can be not liked because the way the movie is happening is quite unusual and sometimes disturbing but it's definitely worth it.
critique3257 An excellent film depicting the cross currents in the lives of a multi-ethnic mix of not so ordinary people in the rural Pacific Northwest. Solid directing and writing along with fine acting especially the performances by Kwami Taha and Dan Stowe. Interestingly this film was made in the same year as the highly successful "Crash" written and directed by Paul Haggis. The pace of the action may not be as frantic as that in urban Los Angeles and the characters may seem to be better acquainted with each other in "Apart From That" but the personal relationships of the characters are as flawed and troubled and their stories as resonant as any of those in "Crash." For those viewers who appreciated "Crash" this is a must see film. Also fans of Jim Jarmusch and John Cassavetes will like this movie.
critique3258 Bravo to Czechs their once-powerful movie industry seems to awaken from post-Communist slumber.<br /><br />The Loners is a comedy done with all the elements you would expect to see in a modern "hollywood" production minus the garbage that seems to get attached to the genre over the past several years. Superb soundtrack excellent visual editing beautiful Prague cityscape to mention but a few.<br /><br />The story is actually comprised of several sub-stories that frequently intertwain and overlap an is in essence a collage of destinies fates desires... It follows a group of urban youth-to-mid-thirties people through a variety of situations ranging from daily life and leisure activities to careers and obsessions. And it IS hillarious. There's actually a point in the movie where the entire theatre I was in (about a 100 people in a small art gallery) laughed non-stop for about 40-50 seconds. How often do you experience that with modern hollywood productions?<br /><br />Although the entire main cast is excellent (especially the upcoming Macedonian star Labina Mitevska in the role of an immigrant facing the all-too-familiar hardships) I have to single out Jiri Machacek for his superbly believeable portrayal of Jakub a constantly stoned bohemian whose brain is severely affected by the stuff he smokes landing him in a plethora of funny situations.<br /><br />Conclusion: don't miss this one! It's got a lot to offer.
critique3259 This is an excellent film about a traditional working class family in Northern England. Filmed on location in Bolton it stars James Mason as the father who is the dominant force within his home. Or so it seems. Cleverly the film based on the play portrays the complexities of family life. The supporting cast is terrific as well with many familiar faces lending support.
critique3260 the fact that there was so much fuss is ironic as the whole point of the programme was to highlight the way the media treat such 'taboo' subjects such as paedophilia. the newsdesk set the suits the smug presenters the men-at-the-scene shouting about things you can see behind them the pointless cgi graphs and stats the whole thing was a satire a very very funny satire. the way c-list celebrity's will say absolutely anything if their agent tells them it'll be good for their career ("there is no evidence for it but it is scientific fact"). It may be hard to watch (with milly dowler and the cambridgeshire girls as well as 9/11) but satire is supposed to be challenging and we shouldn't be afraid to stand up against the blatant scaremongering and headline grabbing media just because it's a delicate matter. How this show failed to win any TV awards for it's intelligence observation courage acting and thought provocation is shameful but as watching it will show you not in the least bit surprising.
critique3261 I'd never seen an independent movie and I was really impressed by the writing acting and cinematography of Jake's Closet. <br /><br />The emotions were very real and intense showing through a child's eyes the harsh impact of divorce.<br /><br />A definite see!<br /><br />I'd never seen an independent movie and I was really impressed by the writing acting and cinematography of Jake's Closet. <br /><br />The emotions were very real and intense showing through a child's eyes the harsh impact of divorce.<br /><br />A definite see!
critique3262 Sly's best out and out action film. It is a superbly enjoyable movie with some interesting characters solid performances and Renny Harlins direction is stylishly assured. Stallone is rarely this interesting in his action films and he certainly looks the part in terms of the action scenes. This was one of the best action films of the year and one of the most thrilling and enjoyable of the 90's a definite genre classic. As a Stallone fan this is one I look back on with fond memories. Plenty of superb action and Sly in prime action man form. Action lovers appreciate this film because it has all the hallmarks that make a good aciton film. The film looks great and there is great support from Janine Turner Michael Rooker and John Lithgow. ****
critique3263 Paul Verhoeven's De Vierde Man (The Fourth Man) is one of the most compelling thrillers I have ever seen. It really was a pleasant surprise. The story concerns bi-sexual writer Gerard (Jeroen Krabbe) as he is lured into a relationship with beautiful hairdresser Christine (RenÃƒÂ©e Soutendijk) but in the twisted mind of Gerard there could be more to the story. Verhoeven and cinematographer Jan De Bont create a beautiful and thick atmosphere full of surreal and sickening sexual imagery this really pulls you into the story you don't want to watch but you can't turn yourself away. This is by far Verhoeven's best film (maybe second only to Robocop). True The Fourth Man isn't for everyone some of the sex scenes are quite gratuitous (just ignore them but trust me if you watch for at least ten minutes you'll be hooked. This is one of those films that you need to know how it ends a true whodunit it in the Hitchcock tradition compelling controversial and thrilling. I even like the spider metaphor.<br /><br /> 8/10
critique3264 it's a weekend i've been watched this funny film. and i really like it. all the kids are cute who remind me of my own childhood with those stupid thinking. it's a real entertaining movie for a group of families at weekend night which could make lots of memories and laughters. Kid's humor always work. nice acting as well. simple story but cool shooting. nice job for directer to find the kid's way. when it comes to the kid movie i think of "12 and holding". another one this year but differed aspect to the kid's world which is real and cruel. awesome work. H2EFW focuses on the happy side of childhood which every kid and family need. p.s. Twitch i think is the voice of Nemo from "Finding Nemo".
critique3265 I am rating this an 8 because of the premise of the film. The acting was fine there wasn't anyone that stood out as amazing or appalling. It is disturbingly true that intelligent people are having less and less children or choose to have none at all...whereas dumb ass "W in '04" supporters are procreating like rabbits. And though I don't believe the earth will actually exist in 500 years I can see Mike Judge's parodied prophet coming to be as life imitating art. The world is being run by idiots and it will get worse as the intelligent free-thinking people become the minority and the "git 'er done" fans outnumber them. The proof is our farce of an election.<br /><br />But I digress. If you are fortunate enough to have this playing in your city go see it. I have paid my $7.50 plus popcorn to see FAR WORSE rubbish than this (Date Movie or Napoleon Dynamite anyone?). There are laughs there are cringes but overall this is entertaining. If you have half a brain you will think to yourself how this movie though funny is spot on (accurate) and a *tiny* bit uncanny. I'm not surprised AT ALL that this movie is almost completely unknown as Fox was the one distributing this and they wouldn't want any of their sheep to see this and think "maybe I WILL read a book and not watch 'Next' or 'Cheaters' or 'Ow my balls'." If our society doesn't stop the dumbing down of everythingand the bastardisation of the English language (ahem Mr. Bush) then this really is where we are going.
critique3266 In many ways DIRTY WORK is a predictable L&H short on the surface with the boys going to sweep someone`s chimney . Guess what happens next ? That`s right slapstick at its most sucessful ensues .<br /><br />But there`s one or two things that seem untypical . Ollie for example is very unlikable  he`s arrogant  he`s rude  and not only to Stan look at the way he addresses the servant with " HEY YOU " and takes a childish huff very easily with his catchphrase being " I have nothing to say " . In short Ollie plays a bully in a very unlikable way and I much prefer to see him to play the arrogant coward where he`s always at his funniest<br /><br />DIRTY WORK also lacks the reportary regulars of the other L&H shorts like Finlayson  Long  Busch and Housman which means when we switch to the mad scientist plotline there`s a slightly creepy atmosphere that jars with the rest of the movie <br /><br />Having said that this is still a good short mainly down to Stan . Also watch out for a scene featuring a fish . Many jokes/plots from L&H feature fish and this is another one
critique3267 I saw this movie with a bunch of friends and although only two of us walked out of the cinema thinking how cool it was the others just laughed and commented on how stupid it was. Well that was because it isn't supposed to be taken so seriously basically it is a a movie that mocks horror flicks and does a damn good job.. There seems to be another movie coming out like that too umm... Scary Movie?? Well this is Aussie and original!!! Jessica Napier does a surperb performance and Sarah Kants has a definate bright future in acting! I hope to see more of them. Molly Ringwald was a good move and Kylie was an even better move. The Impossible Princess was Queen of the screen!! I recommend seeing this flick as you'll be guessing until the very end the connection with Raffy Hilary and The movie that never got finished 20 years ago.
critique3268 This film exhibits artful cinematic techniques wherein instead of landscape capturing the attention of the camera it is small details in how someone appears how the woman may be wearing a cocktail hat and wrapped in a sheet. How the husband may be wearing a hat and socks and shoes and his underwear and both seem so completely at ease and comfortable. How provocative the woman is posed is another feature of the tableau that the director chooses to let us know she is a free spirit sexually and aims to get the pleasure she seeks without flirting directly or with any particular sensitivity to what the man may be feeling. The relationship between the wife and husband is unique. It is an open one wherein she holds nothing back feels no particular shame for how she has behaved and wants to share these facts with him because her primary focus always is on the fact of their marriage. Nothing and no one can come between the two of them. Only the chances of fate can intervene---his imprisonment during the war and what follows after his return at long last. A very intriguing film which is totally absorbing.
critique3269 Kalifornia is a good Hollywoodish odyssey of suspense and terror which tells of two couples who drive cross-country to California to share the cost of gas: A pair of losers (Lewis & Pitt) and two wannabee artists a photographer and a writer (Duchovny & Forbes). Pitt "nails" his character which is the focus of this somewhat predictable thriller. A good watch for those into psycho-killer flix.
critique3270 A beautiful sensitive film that brings home the futility and cruelty of wars no matter what the so-called reasons. The performance of Cage and Cruz were quite impressive but it is to the older Greek characters that go the highest praises. Irene Papas is as gorgeous as ever! Though some scenes seems a little long at times this film will be a heavy Oscar contender.
critique3271 I was surprised to read the comments of the person who so disliked this film. It really is quite funny. There are definitely a few laugh out lines that my boyfriend and I quote to each other. Some of the situations might be unsettling (bisexuality drugs a particularly strange child's view of sexuality) but believable at the same time. It's about communication and miscommunication between men and women.
critique3272 This is my favorite of the older Tom & Jerry cartoons from the early 40's. The original version with Mammy Two Shoes is on the Tom & Jerry Spotlight Collection 2 set disc one and showcases the wonderful detailed animation of the early cartoons. The gags on this one aren't all madcap Avery style but more subtle and aimed at anyone who's ever stayed up late watching scary movies (or radio programs)! Tom is listening to a creepy radio show and Jerry decides to play a number of tricks to spook him. The nine-lives gag is well done here and I don't know how many times I tried to make a vacuum and a sheet that scary when I was a kid. When Tom's owner is awakened by the ruckus- Mammy was NOT the maid it was HER house- she gets one heck of a surprise with a big laugh. Get your pause button ready it's worth it!
critique3273 THE STUDENT NURSES is not a typical sexploitation movie. Sure the nudity and sexual openness is there but it's not all for laughs. Stephanie Rothman scripted a socially compelling well-written tits & ass movie which confronts the topics of racism socio-economic inequalities rape abortion medical ethics public health issues human rights the Vietnam war free love LSD and drug experimentation. Four sexy college roommates are taking their nursing internships at the same time. Sharon (Elaine Giftos) is assigned to the terminal care ward Lynn (Brioni Farrell) to public health administration Priscilla (Barbara Leigh) to gynecology and Phred (Karen Carlson) to psychiatry. These four beauties have ample opportunities to disrobe and fornicate of which they take advantage much to the delight of male viewers. These are liberated women at the height of the sexual revolution after all and are as intelligent as they are horny and beautiful. Visceral yet low-budget action sequences are interspersed throughout. There's a very bloody gunfight at the resistance movement headquarters in which two policemen are shot and killed along with several members of the group. An anti-(Vietnam) war protest consisting of spookily-dressed young people of all races painted like skeletons becomes violent with cops beating protesters. The effective trip sequence on the beach consists of beautiful weird and confusing sensory and memory montages with hyper-sensual overtones. In short THE STUDENT NURSES is a thoughtful and compelling reflection of the times expressed through real women's perspectives (since it was written and directed by a woman). But it's still fun and titillating despite its sobering treatment of subject matter.
critique3274 I have seen films come and go in my yearsand when i see a disaster film i keep hoping i wont be disappointed.And with this one i was not in the least.The story of a whole country sinking into the ocean was a great concept written by sakyo komatsua novelist with intense theories on where this earth is going.The characters were top notchand even though i am not Japanesei didn't need a translator to give the idea of how people in their most desperate needs can come together for the common good.The special effects blew me awayi was literally on the edge of my seat watching the tidal waves lava flows and land explosions that must have taken months of work to perfect.As for the acting i thought yesthis is acting at its bestemotions run rampant throughout the film and i cried at the most severe scenes.For movie goers alikeyou don't need to speak or understand Japanese to watch this filmyou can get the idea and feeling from each person and character to understand it well and to follow it along like you are there.My hats off to Shinji Higuchi for directing iti hope he can outdo his work with another mind blowing experience.As i said....Fantastic Film.
critique3275 The best thing -- and that's pretty good -- about The Black Castle is that it's a black-and- white Forties' Gothic grabber featuring a murderous mad count which was somehow made in 1952. The star ostensibly is the British actor Richard Greene a capable leading man who reminds me of an earlier version of Roger Moore. The villain is a mad count played by Stephen McNally who does a credible job except when he's called on to laugh maniacally. Skulking around in the shadows is a long-gowned Boris Karloff in a decidedly secondary role of an aged doctor who may or may not be the salvation of our hero. <br /><br />It's the middle of the 18th Century in Austria and Sir Ronald Burton (Greene) is determined to find out what happened to two close friends. They disappeared in the vicinity of the castle belonging to Count Karl von Bruno (McNally) deep in the Black Forest. It seems that Sir Ronald and his friends had been instrumental in defeating a brutal plan of von Bruno's in Africa three years previously involving slavery and ivory. The Count was left not only with failure but with a scar on his face and a black patch he now wears to cover a ruined eye. von Bruno vowed revenge and it seems he might have been partially successful. So under a false name Sir Ronald arranges for a hunting invitation from the Count and off we go by carriage through a dark journey of storm and howling wolves to the Count's castle. It's a hulking mass of stone turrets and corridors shadowy stairways huge fireplaces...and creepy passages that lead to dank dungeon cells a torture chamber and a great pit filled with snapping thrashing crocodiles. It also is filled by the Count's lovely blond sensitive wife Elga (Paula Corday who sometimes is billed as Rita Corday) and by the Count's two close friends played by those two actors we know from the Fifties who specialized in being slime in costume John Hoyt and Michael Ansara. There is a dangerous leopard hunt forbidden kisses knuckling servants wooden signs creaking and swaying in the cold wind and poison in a cup. Not the least Doctor Meissen (Karloff) has a special vial filled with a drug which will so slow the bodily functions that death will seem to have occurred. The risk is that...well when the person awakes ten hours later he'd better hope he's not already nailed shut in his coffin. <br /><br />Surprisingly for all the clichÃƒÂ©s The Black Castle keeps moving merrily along. The movie takes itself seriously but it's competently enough made to keep our interest even if we wind up sitting back with a smile while we watch. It's even reassuring in a way to realize there are strong echoes of The Most Dangerous Game. When Burton realizes just how crazy von Bruno is he becomes even more determined to bring von Bruno to accounts. And naturally he has fallen for Elga. von Bruno crazed by vengeance yet crafty and capable is a man who loves the hunt and is engorged by the kill. Hollywood's second creative rule has always been "If you're going to steal steal from the best." It's first creative rule of course is "If you're going to steal steal from the best and then turn it into liverwurst." The Black Castle is a nice bite of Austrian braunschweiger.
critique3276 `Manna From Heaven' is a delightfully compelling film.<br /><br />Within the shifting paradox of values in middle-class Americans from 40 years ago to the present day the plot tweaks the concerns and hopes of an interesting range of `Damon Runyonesque' characters.<br /><br />Their struggles with moral dilemmas dotting on `what might have been' hopes to yet fulfill youthful dreams romantic yearnings and `hit it big' combine to make a most entertaining film. Rather than relying upon `in-your- face' sexual explicitness the burgeoning relationship between Inez and Mac/Bake is classically subtle but clear. His untying the knot in her shoelace at the Art Gallery and their heat in their poker game is outstanding<br /><br />The script's crisp writing is skillfully interpreted by an outstanding star and supporting cast. One of the few films I have ever fone to see twice in its opening run `Manna From Heaven' definitely warrants national distribution.<br /><br />Conrad F. Toepfer
critique3277 The Lady in Question (1999) starring Gene Wilder is a well-acted mystery drama that reminds me of the old black-and-white Raymond Burr Perry Mason series. Both Perry and "Cash" kept me guessing right up to the end. There were many suspects with a motive for the murder but I had no idea which character it would be.<br /><br />Gene Wilder has a special charming wit about him even in his facial expressions and vocal inflections which make him perfect for the part. The portions of the movie which portrayed actors acting was done very well. I'm sure this is an additional challenge for the cast to pull off. I am not surprised to see that he did some of the writing for the movie. Even his singing was a delight. I like him in this role more than his former "sillier" roles like "The Young Frankenstein" and "Willy Wonka." I am hoping A & E will continue this series. They ought to call it something like "The A & E Gene Wilder Mysteries."<br /><br />The music fit the period. I enjoyed the cool live combo and the swing tunes. I was a little unclear at the beginning whether we were seeing a flashback or whether the action was taking place in that time period. And I do not agree that the inclusion of profanity is necessary to the flow of the script. To me that always distracts.<br /><br />Overall my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed this second in a well-crafted start in what we hope will be many others -- just like one of our other favorites: Raymond Burr's Perry Mason.
critique3278 One Crazy Summer is a fun and quirky look at love through the eyes of Hoops McCann. what could have been hokey and dull is one of the freshest and most energetic comedies ever. Savage Steve Holland reteams with John Cusack to make the ultimate summer movie!
critique3279 I watched this last night on TV (HBO). I have to admit that the tension in this movie was unsurpassed by most other FN era movies. I loved the way Chip would be all calm one moment and then VIOLENT the very next moment. It was classic. Ahh yes. The dames the villians the cigars and thuggish cops! It has it all. This movie delivered all the goods to me. I especially loved the way they mixed communism into the plot very common for this era of movie. Very daring also since blacklisting was popular in those days. I rate this movie one of the best I have seen in the FN genre!
critique3280 After a long run in the West End this charming film re-cast Margaret Rutherford as the Headmistress 'Miss Whitchurch' in this financially successful adaptation made in 1950.<br /><br />All interior shots took place at Riverside studios in Hammersmith London. The exterior scenes were filmed on location at a public girl's school near Liss in Hampshire. During the 12 - week shoot both Margaret Rutherford and Joyce Grenfell were staying in a hotel nearby and would often visit the school during the evenings where they would happily enjoy the company of the real school mistresses.<br /><br />Although the film's script contains only two original lines from the original play the leads and supporting actors are in fine form and you can only feel sympathetic for their predicament especially in the final scenes.
critique3281 Bo Derek's beauty and John Derek's revolutionary direction make this film worthwhile. <br /><br />Bo looking more gorgeous than ever is a recently widowed woman who is experiencing visitations from her 'dead' husband (Anthony Quinn). He has a plan. Bo must procure the body of a young man so that her ghost of a husband can make his transformation from spectre back to corporeal life. Can she find a fitting candidate? How will she do him in so Tony can do his thing? <br /><br />With Bo's attributes John's unique direction Quinn's film presence and thanks to John a very pretty exotic look to the entire film this movie is pleasant viewing.
critique3282 An excellent movie about two cops loving the same woman. One of the cop (PÃƒÂ©rier) killed her but all the evidences seems to incriminate the other (Montand). The unlucky Montand doesnt know who is the other lover that could have killed her and PÃƒÂ©rier doesnt know either that Montand had an affair with the girl. Montand must absolutely find the killer...and what a great ending! Highly recommended.
critique3283 This movie draws you in and gets you hooked on keeping your eyes on the screen. The writer/director is brilliant with the narrative parts and the use of creative and interesting camera angles and perspectives which all add to the gripping hold it will have on you. Insomniac's Nightmare is original and refreshingly different from any other movie you have seen. Is it a dream or reality? This indie will have you discussing the twists and turns it takes through the conscious and subconscious. It has an eery feel with it's dark interpretations of illusions. Dominic Monaghan really became the insomniac. He is a great actor who is not hard on the eyes either! He really poured his whole being into this role. From the storyline to the way it is shot makes this indie one of my favorites. I recommend it highly and eagerly await to see more from this innovative creative writer/director/cinematographer!!!
critique3284 Well it is a good movie. However you have to admit that Van Dame's movies haven't been so great lately. On the other hand if you are a hardcore van Dame fan you should watch this as there is a huge improvement with fighting scenes. Also What i really liked is the music beautiful music. am sure this will kill time if you are action fan. As for Isaac Florentine the director of Undisputed 2 i don't think he did a good job as he did with Undisputed.I cant wait when one day Van Dame's movies hit the cinemas before the DVD. Maybe one day:).<br /><br />In the end it worth the watch if you got no other action movies to watch this could make your hour and half fun.
critique3285 I had been long awaiting this movie ever since I saw the trailer which made it look like a political drama starring three of my favorite actors; Al Pacino John Cusack and Bridget Fonda. And even though it was directed by Harold Becker who has done uneven work he and Pacino did combine on SEA OF LOVE which ranks among each of their best work. But interference on some level(for starters several of the scenes in the original trailer don't appear in the movie) and changing of tone(subsequent trailers make it look like a thriller) make this while watchable nowhere near as it could have been.<br /><br />Which is too bad because I really wanted to like this movie. There was great potential here to be a film about how government can still be worthwhile despite all the corruption and to make a complex statement about that corruption not the usual good guys vs. bad guys. And there is good acting here. Pacino and Cusack are both very good and Danny Aiello gives one of the best performances of his career. But Fonda is wasted in her role having nothing to do and while there is merit in the central storyline when it turns to a thriller the movie loses its way briefly recovers in the final scene between Cusack and Pacino and then falls down completely in the end. I wish I could like this more but no.
critique3286 OK - as far as the 2 versions of this movie. There were 2 people involved in the making - John Korty and Bill Couterie (George was just the producer - he really didn't have any kind of say so in the film - just helped with money) - the 'Adult' version was made possible by Bill Couterie. John Korty didn't like or approve this version (as it was done behind his back). Thanks to Ladd films going under they didn't advertise this movie and threw all their advertising cash for "The Right Stuff" hoping it would pull them through;... and it didn't. SO this movie never really had a chance. When "Twice" made it to cable (HBO) - they showed the reels with Bill's version and John threatened to sue if it was shown anymore (did you notice how the 'adult' version wasn't on for very long?). Showtime got the 'clean' version. The version on the videotape and laser-disc is the version approved by John (who holds more power than Bill). It's a pity really as the 'adult' version is actually better and DOES make more sense. But it's VERY doubtful that it will ever be released in that version onto DVD (or any other format short of bootleg). Sorry to disappoint everyone. I know all this info as I used to be the president of the Twice Upon A Time Fan Club (still have numerous items from the movie - used to own a letter-boxed version of the 'adult' version but it was stolen - only have a partial HBO copy of it now). 8 stars to the 'adult' version - 5 to the 'clean' version. Any other questions just ask.
critique3287 Although I don't usually go for relentlessly heartwarming fare like this I happened to catch the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AitO) on cable one Saturday morning just as it was starting. Being an Adrien Brody fan I was curious to see what Brody was like as a youth of 21 (20 when he filmed it I suppose) in this early role as Danny Hemmerling utility infielder for the California Angels (in the 1951 original the hard-luck baseball team was the Pittsburgh Pirates. The name change is a nice touch since it turns the title into wordplay). I decided to give the flick a chance and it turned out to be a pretty painless even amiable experience with a decent balance of laughs tears sweetness and baseball-based excitement. Also my 7-year-old daughter liked the angel effects! :-) Directed by Mike Nesmith's frequent collaborator William Dear AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) a foster child who prays real hard after his ne'er-do-well dad (the convincingly sleazy Dermot Mulroney) sarcastically says they'll be a family again once the last-place California Angels win the pennant. Soon Roger starts seeing real angels at the Angels' games led by Christopher Lloyd whose usual zany eccentric irreverence keeps AitO from plummeting irretrievably into The Schmaltz Zone. Crusty manager George Knox (Danny Glover in world-weary exasperated mode) is a hard sell but once the team starts winning he believes Roger's angel sightings and soon Knox has Roger and his cute li'l pal and fellow foster kid J.P. (the adorable Milton Davis Jr.) at every Angels game for good luck. Knox even starts toning down his own temperamental outbursts and profane language as much to appease the angels as for the kids' sake resulting in a funny bit when he starts dressing down an umpire in his usual way but starts editing himself as he goes along. Predictable obstacles ensue such as obnoxious sportcaster Ranch Wilder (Jay O. Sanders) trying to make trouble for Knox because of the angel angle. Sure it all works out fine for our heroes in the end but they're so darn amiable you don't mind! :-) Baby-faced Brody has a couple of good lines (I especially like his exchange with Glover about the emotional impact of the National Anthem at a ballgame) as well as a cute bit where a pretty blonde angel massages his shoulders before he goes up to bat. Brody isn't the only future star in AitO's lineup: his teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough and of course young Gordon-Levitt went on to co-star in TV's 3rd ROCK FROM THE SUN as well as such films as 10 THINGS I HATE ABOUT YOU. The always-amusing Taylor Negron and Oscar winners (but not for this film :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson lend able support. If you're a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie appropriate for the kids and check out some notable young actors before they became stars AitO '94 will do nicely.
critique3288 Stephen Sondheim's SWEENEY TODD: THE DEMON BARBER OF FLEET STREET opened on Broadway on 1 March 1979 with Len Cariou and Angela Lansbury in the leading roles. Although it swept virtually every award imaginable the box office fell short of expectations and the original production ended its run at 557 performances. Fortunately however the play then went on tour--and along the way was captured on film. The result is a remarkable capture of the play featuring George Hern who replaced Cariou and Lansbury in a close approximation of the original Broadway staging.<br /><br />There is however a flaw. Simply stated: stage plays do not film very well for a performance that works well on the stage must fill the theatre and is therefore very very large--and when placed on film such performances often seem slightly static oppressively aggressive or both. SWEENEY TODD is no exception. Seen on film it has a "stand and sing" quality and while both Hern and Lansbury seem to have modulated their performances for the sake of the camera such is not the case with Betsy Joslyn as Joanna; her larger-than-life performance reads on film as unpleasantly frantic and her extremely operatic voice feels out of place when contrasted with the voices of the overall cast.<br /><br />Taking this stage-play-on-film effect into consideration however this really is an exceptional performance of a unique and macabrely comic musical in the operetta style. Lansbury is astonishing a mixture of silliness stupidity and cunning malice while Hern truly owns the role of the psychotic barber whose clients "go to their graves impeccably shaved." The overall cast is quite fine and although the film does not let us see quite enough of the set there is enough on display for it to be impressive. And the music! Who can argue with what most consider Sondheim's finest work? The story itself is extremely well-known particularly in England. In 1846 Thomas Peckett Prest cobbled together several urban myths for a short story he titled A STRING OF PEARLS; within a year or so it was adapted to the stage as SWEENEY TODD THE DEMON BARBER OF FLEET STREET--and in an era that knew little of copyright law variations of the play were soon playing all over England. Each one however was more or less the same: Sweeney Todd a barber kills the men who come to him for a shave; Mrs. Lovett his associate bakes them up into pies and feeds them to an unsuspecting public. The Sondheim version is specifically based on a 1973 version by Christopher Bond.<br /><br />The story is very Grand Guignol with a lot of blood bodies dropping down chutes and grotesque humor; at the same time however the music lyrics and subplot of an innocent in the clutches of evil open out the subject to numerous lyric charms one would not expect. Sondheim's lyrics are often ironic but never more so than here; he intertwines a great deal of wicked satire re industry and capitalism along the way and certainly one cannot fault the strange yet Victorian-elegant of his complex music.<br /><br />Like the "concert version" starring Hern and Patti LuPone this particular film also provides us with several selections that were cut from the 2007 Tim Burton film version most particularly the opening "Attend the Tale of Sweeney Todd" which runs like a thread throughout the play. It is also in my opinion considerably more comic than the film which tends to underplay comedy in favor of a still greater show of blood. Whatever the case if you are a fan of the story this is the legendary Broadway show on tour and it is a knock-out. Recommended.<br /><br />GFT Amazon Reviewer
critique3289 New York playwright Michael Caine (as Sidney Bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens Mr. Caine's latest play flops on Broadway. TV reviewers poke fun at Caine and he gets drunk. Passing out on the Long Island Railroad lands Caine in Montauk instead of his residence in East Hampton. Finally arriving home Caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife Dyan Cannon (as Myra) an unfortunately high-strung heart patient. There Caine and Ms. Cannon discuss a new play called "Deathtrap" written by hunky young Christopher Reeve (as Clifford "Cliff" Anderson) one of Caine's former students. The couple believe Mr. Reeve's "Deathtrap" is the hit needed to revive Caine's career.<br /><br />"The Trap Is SetÃ‚Â… For A Wickedly Funny Who'll-Do-It." <br /><br />Directed by Sidney Lumet Ira Levin's long-running Broadway hit doesn't stray too far from its stage origin. The cast is enjoyable and the story's twists are still engrossing. One thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely it played better on stage. "Deathtrap" is a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead on - but in hindsight the greeting Reeve gives Caine at the East Hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling "Hello." The location isn't really East Hampton but the windmill and pond look similar. And the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid. But the play was so good "even a gifted director couldn't ruin it." And Mr. Lumet doesn't disappoint.<br /><br />******** Deathtrap (3/19/82) Sidney Lumet ~ Michael Caine Christopher Reeve Dyan Cannon Irene Worth
critique3290 I find this film meretricious tentative lethargic and skillfully a bad choice of entertainment on celluloid. But I admire the courage to throw away a script turn the camera on and act a fool. I find the inauspiciously performances lighting cinematography sound and whatever film school laws D' Urville Martin broke funny. Speaking from a film directors perspective there is times I just want to drop everything and have fun on the set. This film looks like fun. When other aspiring film directors ask me advice I just tell them to watch any film by Rudy Ray Moore. They always return a puzzled look asking me why not watch the masters Woody Allen Scorsese Lucas Capra? I laugh and include that you always want to know what not to do in cinematic story telling first.
critique3291 This is a well directed Columbo episode with also some good character but the story just doesn't really know to interest enough and doesn't appear as well layered and constructed as was often the case with a Columbo movie. This also goes for the killer's plot to kill his uncle. It's quite simple and doesn't seem as well thought out. Perhaps this movie didn't really took itself serious enough since the atmosphere of the movie is mostly light. At least when compared to different Columbo movies.<br /><br />For instance the movie features quite a large amount of comical relief mostly coming from the Columbo character himself. It makes the movie an enjoyable one to watch but it also gives you the feeling they sort of overdid it times also mostly since it doesn't correspond with most other Columbo movies.<br /><br />The characters are good and it helps that it features Martin Landau in a double role. It's always funny to see how much different he still looked as a young man while for instance a person such as Peter Falk hardly changed any over the years he only got grayer. The movie also features Julie Newmar among others who is best know for playing Catwoman in the '60's "Batman" life action series. It's funny how she still moves like Catwoman in this movie. Intentional or is this just her way of acting?<br /><br />It's an enjoyable and good to watch Columbo movie but it also gives you the feeling that it all could had been a lot better with a better thought out script.<br /><br />7/10
critique3292 I wouldn't be surprised if Soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution Cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. Merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. Still part one which is almost entirely shot in the jungle does capture the feel of that place especially when traversing the mountainous areas of Cuba. I liked Del Toro's interpretation of Che Guevara's personality. And the actor who plays Castro Bichir also did a great job against all odds. It's clear Soderbergh doesn't look down on these people but it's also clear he's not going to plea their case to 'yanquis' far removed from the recent past. Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I've read. To my knowledge Castro did not court the Soviet Union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the United States were exhausted. But on other aspects he is right on especially as to the looting by the expatriates as the island went other rebel control. The country's treasury was left empty.
critique3293 It may (or may not) be considered interesting that the only reason I really checked out this movie in the first place was because I wanted to see the performance of the man who beat out Humphrey Bogart in his CASABLANCA (10/10 role for the Best Actor Oscar. (I still would have given the Oscar to Bogie but Paul Lukas did do a great job and deserved the nomination at least.) Well I'm glad I did check this movie out because I enjoyed it immensely. I think the movie did preach a little but not only did I not mind I enjoyed the speeches and was never bored with them.<br /><br />The acting was outstanding in this movie. I especially enjoyed Paul Lukas Lucile Watson (rightfully nominated for an Oscar) Bette Davis (wrongfully not nominated) George Coulouris and oddly Eric Roberts who plays the middle child. I really enjoyed his character: an odd-looking boy who talks like some sort of philosopher. He just cracks me up. Even the characters name (Bodo) is funny. <br /><br />The ending in which Lukas's character was forced to do something he considered wrong even though he was doing it for all the right reasons worked for me as well. I agreed with why he felt he had to what he did and I understood why he couldn't quite explain it. The message this movie makes is a good and noble one the scenery (meaning the house) is beautiful and the acting is the excellent. Watch this movie if you ever get a chance.<br /><br />9/10
critique3294 Four Daughters introduced John Garfield to audiences and that is what is remembered most about this film today. Unlike some actors who appear in several films before their screen image gels Garfield established his immediately with a cigarette hanging out of his mouth and talk of the fates being against him.<br /><br />It's actually the story of four girls their widowed musician father (Claude Rains) and their various suitors one of whom Felix is played by handsome Jeffrey Lynn. He's the one they all have a crush on but he's in love with Buff (Priscilla Lane). Then she meets ne'er-do-well Mickey Borden who falls for her as well. When Buff realizes that one of her sisters is in love with Felix she leaves him at the altar and marries Mickey.<br /><br />This is a fairly formulaic story given life (and sequels) by the acting. Garfield has already been mentioned but Priscilla Lane was by far the strongest of the daughters the most interesting and the best actress. Jeffrey Lynn was a fresh and good-looking leading man and this film got him off on the right foot with Warners. However true stardom was not to be. Like many others of the era he went into the service and when he came out he had a Bronze Star but not much of a career. He later went into television and real estate. Claude Rains is warm and wonderful as the patriarch.<br /><br />So popular was "Four Daughters" that it inspired "Four Wives" and "Four Mothers" as well as reuniting much of the cast again in "Daughters Courageous" where the actors played different characters.<br /><br />Very enjoyable a nice remembrance of simpler and probably happier times and a chance to see John Garfield in his first film.
critique3295 I rented Boogie Nights last week and I could tell you when I watched the film I had a blast. If you think that when you watch the film you will get sicked by the porn. I mean yes if your not a porn person who can't bother being by it than this isn't the film to see. But the thing is the whole film isn't really about porn. Well halfway through the film is about the porn industry but the other half is about the character development and the bad situations these characters go through. The actors played there roles perfect especially Mark Wahlberg John C. Reilly and William H. Macy. The sex scenes of course are terrific but mainly focus on the character's hype in porn films until there struggles. Excellent film one of the best! <br /><br />Hedeen's Outlook: 10/10 **** A+
critique3296 Russian actress TATIANA SAMOILOVA reminds me so much of the young Audrey Hepburn and the camera in THE CRANES ARE FLYING seems to love her just as much. She is the focal point of a bittersweet war romance against the background of World War II in Moscow.<br /><br />The film is almost poetic in its gorgeous B&W cinematography which was the main reason for watching the film in the first place since I had never heard of it and decided to give it a try when it aired on TCM.<br /><br />It's a very moving love story about a girl's deep love for a man who is suddenly swept away by his role as a soldier drafted in wartime Russia. She's unable to forget the memory of her romantic attachment to him but inexplicably marries someone else who has forced himself on her a pianist who soon realizes that she still loves the soldier she hopes to hear from. Their marriage is a troubled one because she can't let go of her remembrance of a happier time with her soldier sweetheart.<br /><br />By the end of the story she accepts the idea that he's never going to return and is able to face reality and cope with the situation. There's a very poignant final scene at a train station where arriving soldiers are greeting their loved ones and the tearful girl shares the joy of the returning soldiers by giving some flowers from her bouquet to the joyous families.<br /><br />The stylish and striking camera-work is what carries the film as well as the honestly played story.<br /><br />Tastefully done but perhaps the English subtitles didn't tell the whole tale because some of the plot elements seemed a bit blurred to me as if they had been glossed over.<br /><br />Summing up: Easy to see why it won awards at the Cannes Film Festival. Reminded me in style of another great Russian film BALLAD OF A SOLDIER.
critique3297 Good Movie acting was terrific especially from Eriq Ebouaney(Lumumba)and very well directed.<br /><br />It also shows how Lumumba was cornered by the Belgians U S A and United Nations and how they labelled him a `communist' to scare people as they did to all the Honest True African leaders like Nkrumah Kenyatta Nyerere and many others. It shows how western countries preach democracy while they have something else on the back of their minds. It is a story of injustice struggle and brutality.<br /><br />It shows how Lumumba couldn't control his people yes they were his people but before we put the blame on him was he getting enough if any from the people he appointed in his government like Mobutu? Or his colleague had other things in their minds to find out go and see the movie! Certainly Mobutu did went on to loot the country for the next 35 yrs before he was overthrown and fled the country. Died a billionaire.<br /><br />Some flaws: There was too little explanation how the man (Lumumba) got to rise in the first place. Also there should have been more explanation about the country Congo Kinshasa (after independence) now known as Democratic Republic of Congo formerly known as Zaire when it was under Mobutu. There should have been an explanation why he (Lumumba) couldn't keep the second largest country in Africa in one piece. And also what was going on with Tshombe and Katanga . Just heads up if you gonna watch the movie Tshombe was controlling the Katanga region which (if I am not mistaken) is the number one copper producer in the world.<br /><br />In all it is a good movie to see. You will learn something new about Africa it's leaders and it's people and probably will open your eyes why this continent is ridden with wars.
critique3298 Masayuki Suo who directed this fine film is on a role. After the decent "Fancy Dance" and the classic (in Japan anyway) college-sumo comedy "Shiko Funjatta" Suo has followed his own huge footsteps with a smashing success.<br /><br />The story is engaging. We both laugh often (Naoto Takenaka is hilarious as he is in Suo's two previous films) and really root for the characters. But to me the big bonus is the look this movie gives the viewer into Japanese society - real life in Japan. Suo has a knack for showing real-life activities with entertaining flair. The result is a movie that will pull you in make you laugh make you think and both entertain you and give you insight into today's Japan.<br /><br />Also look for the the main 8 actors from Shiko Funjatta as they all appear again in various roles from supporting characters (Takenaka) to short cameos (many).
critique3299 Richard Condie's utter maddness insanity cartoon 'The Big Snit' is a trip through qwerkyness madness hillarity enjoyable backgrounds melting characters and a conclusion that nearly brings me to happy tears everytime I see it.<br /><br />This short I have seen over and over AND OVER and I NEVER TIRE of it (luckily having it on tape from a broadcast on TV)!! It never stops to make me burst out in laughter uncontrollably and then reach down into the depths of my spirit highlighting the greatness of the human condition. <br /><br />Cause when someone says 'Come on let's finish the game' everything is alright in the world and the troubles that we face everyday we suddenly realise are all petty fleeting things not to fight or worry about anymore. This film at first seems just like a simple exercise in cartoon slapstick humour but it is far more than that. This film hits a greater sense of spiritual meaning with mankind in the wake when everything seems to be so bad and trivial. <br /><br />It is flawless... in every way. AND DAMN FUNNY TOO ;)<br /><br />Rating 10 out of 10.
critique3300 This movie is sort of similar to "Better Off Dead" as it has some of the same stars. This one though isn't quite as good. Granted it is rather funny and enjoyable there is something about "Better...that I like well better. This one has these guys going to Nantucket to spend there summer vacation. While there they meet this girl who's trying to save here house from this guy who wants to turn it into a lobster restaurant. This guy really doesn't seem to like lobsters cause in one scene he sticks it into boiling water and puts in a stethoscope so he can hear it scream. The main character is torn between this girl and the girl of the son of the guy who wants to make the restaurant. Somehow or another this leads to a big boat race showdown kind of like in "Summer Rental" though it works a bit better here and fits into the plot a little better. Though what is the deal with boat races at this time? Was there some weird fascination with them? For the most part this movie delivers laughs at a good clip but "Better Off Dead" was still better cause it was the first and the jokes worked better.
critique3301 I've never watched a file in a language I don't understand just because I wanted to see the movie and I couldn't find it with English subs. I don't know how much I missed but it wasn't much. Probably just specific details which sounds silly until you see the emotional level of this movie and how the characters interact together. I want to mention to The Diceman from Germany there's no reason to feel that he 'sucks' when it comes to commenting on the emotional strength of the film. Like I said I don't understand Japanese -or at least only the very small amount I came away with from reading the very lengthy novel -pro- bably my favorite all time book which I could not put down & took the next day off from work just to finish reading! I don't know if there's an English dubbed or subbed version but if the film but if there is I'd love to see it. The film was incredible in Japanese anything better is icing of the cake!! Slainte' Maegi
critique3302 I am not a parent neither am I a male. But I was able to identify with every character's heartaches and pains.<br /><br />This is a movie teenagers should watch. Maybe that way they will start appreciating the value of family again. I'm sorry for those that don't understand the value of love family and friendship.<br /><br />It was very interesting to watch Patrick Duffy in a different role than that of Bobby Ewing. And it is great to see a 19 year old Ben Affleck giving his best in a moving and sincere performance. He showed at an early age that he is capable of heartfelt drama. He should be offered more serious roles. Note Hollywoodland... his first serious role in years and he went out and won Best Actor at the Venice Festival in 2006.<br /><br />This movie can be appreciated by people of all ages. Maybe shouldn't be watched by children under 10 because they might get scared that the same may happen to their families but I recommend it to the entire family.<br /><br />I bought this movie on DVD and have watched it with friends many times. Because it portrays the values that are important in life.
critique3303 ********Spoilers--Careful*********<br /><br />What can I say? I'm biased when it comes to Urban Cowboy. I love it and have watched it countless times--and usually find out something new about it with each viewing.<br /><br />I think one of the things I like about it is that Urban Cowboy is about working class people not rich people who live in either L.A. or New York. Well it is true except for Pam.<br /><br />Travolta plays Bud a small town Texas boy who moves to Houston to work in the oil fields. And this is when Travolta actually played in good dramatic movies like Saturday Night Fever instead of playing stereotypical bad guys/good guys in big budget movies. This is a really good movie--the mechanical bull riding contest and two-step dancing may be silly but you have to enjoy this for what it is.<br /><br />Bud meets Sissy (played by Debra Winger with slutty brilliance)--and soon after they are married and living in their dream trailer. But their relationship becomes a real life battle of the sexes. Bud wants to be a real cowboy. Sissy wants to be with a real cowboy. But in modern times men's roles are not as clear. Where can Bud prove he's a real man? He can work his dangerous job by day and ride the mechanical bull by night--he can be a "urban cowboy." But Sissy wants to drive his pick-up truck and she wants to ride the mechanical bull too. So where does this leave Bud? As Sissy asserts her independence she lies about riding the bull and flirts with the ex-con and prison rodeo star--a real bull rider-- Wes (played wonderfully greasy by Scott Glenn). Bud is threatened and Bud and Sissy break up.<br /><br />Sissy shacks up with Wes who abuses her. Emasculating himself further Bud becomes the boy toy of Pam a rich girl whose Daddy is in oil and all that implies. Sissy comes by the trailer to clean it up--Pam doesn't do that kind of thing. She writes a make up letter to Bud but evil Pam tears it up and takes the credit for Sissy's housework.<br /><br />Bud's Uncle Bob dies tragically at work when lightening strikes and causes an explosion. Bud and Sissy have a chance at reconciliation but are too stubborn. Later the mechanical bull riding competition is at Gilley's and you know Bud is going to win. Pam realizes that Bud doesn't love her but Sissy--he did it for her. Wes tries to rob Gilleys but wouldn't you know that urban cowboy Bud saves the day and wins back the woman he loves.<br /><br />Of course you may ask yourself why Bud and Sissy would go to Gilleys about every night and "live like pigs." Maybe that contributed to their bad marriage. Or why didn't Bud stay with Pam--she wasn't that bad and had money. Or why they had to kill off Uncle Bob. Or why Bud and Sissy had such stupid friends like Marshall and Jessie who were always trying to break them up: Marshall says to Bud "She {Sissy} rides that bull better than you do!" But part of the fun of Urban Cowboy is making fun of it a little bit--and saying isn't that Bonnie Raitt on the stage!
critique3304 A beautifully constructed and brilliantly acted comedy. There is not a person in the cast who does not acquit himself (or herself) with hilarious distinction. However the real star of the film is the unseen director Frank Oz who brings all the madcap sensibility and wit to this farce that he brought to Miss Piggy's encounters with Kermit the frog. This is a not -to-be-missed film.
critique3305 Mom should really be given a different title to distinguish it from all the other movies out there called Mom or with the word Mom in the title.<br /><br />This is a vastly superior zombie movie to so much of the rubbish that gets churned out time after time and all end up much the same as every other zombie movie out there.<br /><br />It is so different and refreshing it almost defies categorisation.<br /><br />The kind old lady who takes in a creepy lodger who just happens to be a flesh eater who then infects the old lady who also turns into a flesh eating zombie or ghoul quite which exactly is not defined.<br /><br />There is pathos in the story as her son realises what she has become and while at first horrified attempts to help her by supplying 'food'. (I shall say no more about that for fear of inserting a spoiler!) It is one of those 'quiet' movies as opposed to guns blasting explosions raging car chases etc boring etc that makes so many movies all the same rubbish but still with enough gory moments to satisfy horror fans whilst also inserting sadness into the story along with nice touches of humour as opposed to downright silliness of some so-called 'horror' movies.<br /><br />There is a particularly nice atmospheric shot at the beginning of the film where the old lady is sitting alone in her room with only her Christmas tree for company and looks so 'innocent' but what she becomes!! Oh my! <br /><br />A gem of a movie and even if not your thing should at least be viewed if only once by any true horror fan.
critique3306 I saw Teen Devian in 1993 telecasted in Doordarshan on a Friday night and could scarcely believe that such a remarkable film was ever made in Bollywood. It was mind blowing Ã‚Â– a film with a "modern" storyline superb music three lovely ladies and my fave superstar Dev Anand.In this unusual storyline Dev falls in love with three women Ã‚Â– the simple Nanda the ravishing Kalpana and the sophisticated Simi. They too are enamored with him and want to marry him. This puts Dev in a dilemma (which is the crux of the storyline)- whom to marry?. He consults a hypnotist who asks Dev to gaze into a crystal ball. Dev finds the answer and marries Nanda. Beautifully directed (most probably by Dev saheb himself & not by Amarjeet the official director) the B&W classic has evergreen music Ã‚Â– some of SD Burman's (helped generously by RD Burman) best compositions. "Uff kitni thadni hai yeh ruth" is the probably the most sexiest song ever composed in Hindi films. Credit should also be given to Majrooh Sultanpuri for penning the memorable lyrics Teen Devian is a breezy musical which completely suited the style of Dev Anand and he did full justice to the role. Unfortunately Teen Devian has never received the recognition & popularity it richly deserves.<br /><br />A must see for any Hindi film buff I will rate the eternal favourite 9.5 out of 10.
critique3307 Excellent and highly under-rated from beginning to end. One of Oliver's best. Well Scripted Directed Shot Acted and Stuarts Copeland's soundtrack (Trivia: the music during the end credits vaguely sounds like a late 90's Pop hit by "Spacehog" Band <br /><br />Eric and Cast are Brilliant let alone the Callers. What a whirlwind of emotions. It make's your hair stand on end. (..."Necks will be broke and whips will Crack"--in a old female southern accent.. Yike! creepy. Scary than any Horror Movie.<br /><br />10 out of 10<br /><br />Em
critique3308 Mr. Carlin left our common forum in June of 2008 shortly after going to the hospital for pains in the chest (he had a history of heart trouble). The media and comics everywhere covered the loss more than I or he would have EVER expected ... but he was the Grandfather of observational comedy.<br /><br />THIS recording was his last production and contains a large section dedicated to the topic of death and the prospects of life thereafter. Filming of the project occurred shortly after his seventieth birthday which he was happy to have attained (observed?). I have followed Carlin's career from the days of fuzzy black and white television and enjoyed his topical record albums.<br /><br />It is a privilege for ANY Carlin fan to at least see (if not own a copy) of this particular show. He was still fast moving and with great timing even at 70! As he would say he is NOT "smiling down from Heaven on you". If he's doing anything at all it's not taking harp lessons; perhaps he's looking up!!!
critique3309 L'Appartement is I think a very purposeful Hitchcockian film. The plot was rife with symbolism (ie the white and red roses) and plot twists which wrapped themselves up neatly. The look was very Parisian and pulled you closer to the story. I saw it in London and very much regret that it is not out on video in the states
critique3310 The Hollow is a wonderful murder mystery that provides all you can expect from Agatha Christie and of course Poirot. It' s set on a country house on a weekend. As always all the guests are suspects and it's up to Poirot to figure out the truth. With movies like this it's always best not to give too much away so I'll stop here. What I loved in the `Hollow' was that it's a mystery the old fashioned way. When Poirot arrives everybody is around the body for example. Everybody seems to be the culprit. There's that suspicious look and the atmosphere is just perfect for the story.<br /><br />You can expect a wonderful time giving guesses as to whom did it and how and why and maybe in the end even be surprised. A cup of hot chocolate on a cold winter night and you got a pretty enjoyable experience.<br /><br />The actors are all very good. As a curiosity notice Edward Hardwicke who played Dr. Watson in Sherlock Holmes. Nice to see him after a few years. Suchet is amazing as always and fortunately is on screen most of the time.<br /><br />I did find out who the murderer was but still it's not predictable and It's also very believable.<br /><br />So in conclusion a great movie and as always a pleasure.<br /><br />
critique3311 In my humble opinion this movie did not receive the recognition it deserved. Robert Redford lives near me here in Provo Utah at Sundance. I enjoy most of his work and this was my favorite. I'm sorry that more people didn't appreciate it. My grandmother was an avid reader and read the book years before it came out on the big screen. She gave it to me to read after we had seen the movie together. The movie and book hit an emotional spot within my heart and I was weepy for several days after seeing the movie. Sometimes love isn't enough to keep our loved ones from hurting themselves. We see this in our own family relationships yet our love and our families and their stories endure throughout generations of time. The cinematography was perfect and breathtaking -- I was awed by its beauty and how well it brought to life the words of the author of the book Norman Maclean "But when I am alone in the half light of the canyon all existence seems to fade to a being with my soul and memories. And the sounds of the Big Black Foot River and a four count rhythm and the hope that a fish will rise. Eventually all things merge into one and a river runs through it. The river was cut by the world's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time. On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops. Under the rocks are the words and some of the words are theirs. I am haunted by waters." These words taken from the book and spoken at the end of the movie (by Robert Redford who is narrating as Norman Maclean) are basically scripture in my opinion. Any possible flaws the movie may have are overshadowed by the beauty and grace of the story and the cinematography. It was beautiful!
critique3312 The English are a little too evil the Scots are a bit too<br /><br />heroic. The dialogue is overly dramatic at times and the<br /><br />transitions between scenes could be smoother.<br /><br />Still "The Bruce" has the feel of authentic if unpolished<br /><br />history ... even if it does play loosely with some important<br /><br />facts.<br /><br />Sandy Welch is no Gibson or Branagh but he makes a stalwart<br /><br />Bruce. And Brian Blessed chews the scenery in delightful<br /><br />villainy as Edward I.<br /><br />While lacking the budget needed to make the final battle truly<br /><br />impressive they still marshalled an impressive crowd for the<br /><br />English and Scottish armies. It is according to filmmakers the<br /><br />"largest filmed reconstruction of medieval battle ever staged in<br /><br />the British Isles."<br /><br />Allowing for a few failings and shortcomings the film still<br /><br />does a convincing portrayal.
critique3313 This is better then the first. The movie opens up with Sheriff Sam .Then Sam and Anne pack there bags up and head to the Tropicana while Jack tags along.<br /><br />People are shot get glass through necks get squished by anvils get stabbed with icicles eyes gouged out head explosions drownings hangings lobsters shoved into faces slit throats freezing to death killed by snowballs arms are ripped off melted by anti-freeze icicles down necks hit in face with pots and pans fingers getting' bitten off icicles through mouths bitten on the neck exploding people toasted snowballs and shoved in blenders.<br /><br />The snowballs are hilarious they put it into a blender and turn it on then it says 'that was fun' they put in in a waffle thing and it gets burnt. <br /><br />This is just a great movie. Then they start thinking of other ways to kill it and the snowball replies 'that's not nice'<br /><br />It was worth then ten bucks spent to buy this.<br /><br />10 out of 10 stars.
critique3314 As someone who was in a Pan-Hellenic sorority I wasn't sure what to expect when I tuned into this show. After seeing so many over dramatizations in "made for TV movies" and the craziness of the reality shows I was curious to see if Greek would be able to show the true College and Greek life experience.<br /><br />I was very pleasantly surprised at how the show was able to give the viewer the satisfaction of identifying the ever-familiar characters of this genre but it was also able to add depth to the characters. Greek life isn't just about parties and petty conflict. Although those things happen within Greek Life they also happen in any other social or professional circle throughout a person's life. To characterize it as some exclusive experience to those in a Greek Organization would be false. Most of the story lines and situations taking place in Greek can and do take place everywhere in every circle of friends on sports teams in real life. But I've watched both episodes and my "little sister" whom I'm still very close to and I have spent both episodes laughing and being reminded of how they've truly captured the spirit of our college years and experiences.<br /><br />I liked how the second episode showed how the characters struggle with the other facets of their lives; school relationships goals etc. Cappie telling Rusty that school comes first and going to your brothers for help that was very true to life. You can't stay in an Organization if you have bad grades. The way Rusty got his assignment to his professor was far fetched but it was entertaining. Even the dynamic between Casey and Rusty; It happens you grow up and whatever your relationship with your sibling(s) was it changes so you must adjust.<br /><br />The bottom line: Greek is a great show great entertainment value and enough "real life" in there to be believable and definitely worth the viewers time.
critique3315 I saw the movie on its North American premiere (July 14 2004) at the Fantasia Festival. I was slightly disappointed as I had been expecting a more epic ensemble cast movie along the lines of Musa the Warrior. Instead the movie concentrated only a much smaller number of characters. Still the movie was solid thoughtful and visually intriguing. There were slightly jarring tone shifts from the dominant thoughtful and realistic tone of confused loyalties intrigue and blood versus the lighter more flamboyant martial arts sequences. It almost seemed as though the filmmakers couldn't make up their minds about whether the movie was supposed to be a martial arts "flick" or a historical epic. The story touches nicely on the issue about the need for loyalty versus the need to adapt to new situations. Is it really worth your life and those of your friends to be loyal to one's master or does there come a time when one must submit to the winds of change? Is there perhaps greater courage in leaving the old ways for new ones? How does one decide? These questions are raised in this movie and ironically there is the suggestion that the answer given may in fact be the wrong one!
critique3316 Hoot is a nice young person's film about a group of middle school kids that try and keep a pancake house chain from bulldozing a plot of land that is home to some endangered burrowing owls. The acting is pretty good and the fresh faces are nice to see. Many well known comedians are in this film and keep the humor going almost nonstop. It is a film for the young crowd perhaps 5 to 11 years of age. I thought it was a nice change of pace from the adult films that pervade the screen these days. There is no realism here or accuracy about life in general for adults or kids. It's just a bunch of fun with a constant message about saving the beautiful places in this country from becoming over developed. If you can remember back to the day when you weren't fight for a buck you may remember that money isn't everything. Not many people over 12 are going to enjoy it unless they really have a soft spot for the old after school special series.
critique3317 For many years I thought I was the only person on the planet who had seen TEMPEST and I am so glad to learn that I am not the only person who discovered this sleeper somewhere in their movie-going travails. Loosely based on the Shakesperean play TEMPEST follows an architect (the late John Cassavettes in one of his best performances) bored with his work and his crumbling marriage (to real life spouse Gene Rowlads) who decides to chuck it all say the hell with the rat race and go live on an island with his daughter (Molly Ringwald in her film debut) and new girlfriend Aretha (a luminous Susan Sarandon). Even though Paul Mazursky is credited as director Cassavettes hand is all over this film...the long scenes filmed without cutting the improvisatory feel to the dialogue... the self-indulgent storytelling style this is definitely his show from beginning to end and if you're not a fan of his work the film will seem laboriously long and dull but if you are a fan there are rewards to be had. Cassavettes is surrounded by a first rate cast...his scenes with Rowlands crackle with intensity and his surprising chemistry with Sarandon is a stark contrast to his scenes with Rowlands. Ringwald shines in her film debut and there is a scene-stealing performance by the late Raul Julia as Kalibanos Cassavettes' manservant on the island. Julia stops the show in one scene dancing with a flock of sheep accompanied by Liza Minnelli singing "New York New York". This film is sad and tragic and funny and intense. Yes it's a little long and disjointed and it works a little too hard at being different (there's even a curtain call at the end of the film) but it never fails to hold the attention of those who like something a little different in their filmgoing.
critique3318 I had to get this movie since it didn't come to where I live. I waited patiently and it was worth the wait. I totally fell in love with this movie. The chemistry between Walters and Grint you could see since they also worked together on the Harry Potter movies.The woman who plays his overbearing righteous mother really had me convinced all right and how much of a hypocrite she is I think she did a great job playing the role. I only wish we could of had seen the actually sex scene or more of it. LOL but of course we just have to use our imagination on how it went down. (snickers) I totally thought the movie was worth the wait and if you want a good movie to watch. Rent this movie. I do have to say that Rupert really did a great job and it's nice to see that he's doing movies outside of Harry Pottereven though I totally love him as Ron Weasley. The whole cast did a great job and I hope Rupert continues to act outside of Harry Potter to broaden his skill!
critique3319 This is an excellent film. No it's not Mel Gibson in "Braveheart" but then it's not trying to be. Actually "The Emperor and the Assassin" probably has (thankfully) more in common with a Shakespearean production than a Hollywood blockbuster.<br /><br />In the third century BC the King of Qin is attempting to unite (in other words "conquer") the seven kingdoms of China. He has already overthrown the Kingdom of Han. Now he needs an excuse to invade the Kingdom of Yan.<br /><br />This is where the Lady Zhao comes in. She and the King have been friends since childhood. They are obviously very much in love but cannot marry for political reasons. Together they devise a plot. She will pretend to have fallen into disfavor with the King and escape to Yan. Once there she will convince the Prince of Yan to send an assassin back to kill the King. When the assassination fails the King will have his excuse to invade Yan.<br /><br />Once in Yan however Lady Zhao begins to reconsider. Hearing and seeing more and more examples of her old childhood friend's ruthlessness she begins to wonder if the King may need to be assassinated for real.<br /><br />One sure sign that you're not watching a Hollywood production is the final encounter between the King and the assassin. Unlike a Hollywood movie where the hero and villain are clearly defined and the final outcome already predetermined this is a fight that could truly go either way.<br /><br />This is a well crafted and well acted story of a tumultuous time in Chinese history. There is a mixture of both incredible beauty and incredible ugliness. Most beautiful of all however is Gong Li as the Lady Zhao. I grow more and more convinced every time I see her that Gong Li is the most beautiful woman in the world.<br /><br />I must say however that she does have one unintentionally funny line in this film. Early on Gong Li asks one of her servants "Do I have a beautiful face?"<br /><br />Duh!!!
critique3320 I recently watched this but when it started I had no idea what the concept was about what the topic was.....in short - I had no idea what it was. Was it a documentary was it a comedy routine.....Well it was BOTH.<br /><br />It started a little slow but I think that's because I had absolutely no idea what type of program I was viewing. But it quickly sucked me in. The episode I watched had Robert Wuhl discussing fact and fiction in history. Mainly how we (american's) learn history that isn't really true - and how we got to learn what we did. He did this in such a way as to keep the viewer completely entertained and interested. I actually learned a few things and that is a true indicator of how effective this type of program can be.<br /><br />I would love to see this picked up as a series for HBO. I believe it can be just as fun and effective with a variety of topics - especially if they are "taught" in the same type of manner as this episode.
critique3321 Louis Khan was one of the most influential architects of our time and this film speaks volumes about how little everyone really knew. His son's desire to find out who and more importantly what he was is moving and emotional.<br /><br />This film captures the spirit of what architecture is really about what good design is and the emotional price that is paid for it. Equally haunting is the sound track. If you see the film and then listen to the sound track you can revisit the film simply by listening. As a practicing architect of over 30 years my heart ached and rejoiced over the film and its very straight forward albeit emotional honesty and sincerity.<br /><br />I had the honor of seeing this film previewed in Chicago at the National Convention of the American Institute of Architects. The film was introduced by Daniel and he was kind enough to do a question and answer session afterward. During the entire presentation of the film not a sound not a cough not one distraction took place. The entire audience sat mesmerized and the real treat was Daniel's mother was present during the showing of the film.<br /><br />I will always remember the film and play it over constantly in my mind every time I listen to the soundtrack...
critique3322 A FROLICS OF YOUTH Short Subject.<br /><br />A teenager embarrassed by his fear of dogs runs away from home. The abandoned spaniel he finds helps to change his mind.<br /><br />PARDON MY PUPS is an enjoyable little film with Shirley Temple stealing all her scenes as the hero's lively kid sister. The opening gag - dealing with bedwetting - is in poor taste but is quickly forgotten. Highlight: the climactic fisticuffs which look impressively realistic.<br /><br />Often overlooked or neglected today the one and two-reel short subjects were useful to the Studios as important training grounds for new or burgeoning talents both in front & behind the camera. The dynamics for creating a successful short subject was completely different from that of a feature length film something akin to writing a topnotch short story rather than a novel. Economical to produce in terms of both budget & schedule and capable of portraying a wide range of material short subjects were the perfect complement to the Studios' feature films.
critique3323 Honestly I don't really understand why there has been so much controversy about this show. It embraces the elements of the original while expanding on them. The storytelling has been updated and while some of the episodes seem to be a bit "Fast" that is a good thing.<br /><br />Christopher Eccleston is perfect in the role. Easily as good as Tom Baker.<br /><br />Rose is one of the best companions on par with Sarah Jane Smith or Leela.<br /><br />I like the concept that the timelords have been destroyed - No more politicking with the Doctor acting as president emeritus. And it adds something to the character to be the only one left.<br /><br />The SFX are outstanding - especially in comparison to the original.<br /><br />Take it from me (And I was a huge Dr Who geek - I actually took notes while watching the show all the way from Dr Number 1 to Dr Number 8. I tossed the horrible movie out of cannon personally) this is the best sci fi show on TV right now possibly ever. Watch it and buy the DVD.
critique3324 <br /><br />Artisticly shot actors portray exactly their role. You get a real feeling watching Lucienne ascend from poverty to the most beautiful girl around. A sense of tragedy to triumph to tragedy again. All in all I have seen this film at least 10 times. And can VERY well say that Prix De Beute' (the Beauty Prize Miss Europe) is a MAJOR favorite in my silent film collection. The expressiveness of Louise Brooks is perfect and I recommend this film to ANYONE who appreciates artistic beauty coupled with a tragic story line.
critique3325 If you put Seinfeld aside this is The Best Comedy ever no doubt! Just Great!<br /><br />"The King Of Queens" just finished its eighth season of domestic bliss. Set in the working-class suburb of Queens New York the show follows Doug Heffernan (Kevin James) an amiable delivery man and his wife spitfire legal secretary Carrie Heffernan (Leah Remini) as they explore the everyday challenges of love life family and marriage. <br /><br />Doug and Carrie deal with day-to-day domestic realities that reflect our times and enable us to laugh at ourselves. Their love for each other ultimately carries them through each dilemma they face whether it's Doug's fixation with food or Carrie's obsession with expensive clothing. <br /><br />Doug and Carrie also have to deal with the third high-maintenance member of the Heffernan household Ã‚Â­ Carrie's twice-widowed father Arthur Spooner (Jerry Stiller) who lives in their basement. His constant presence and often bizarre behavior add to their daily adventures. Doug and Carrie have stumbled upon an unorthodox solution to reduce their burden and keep Arthur happy Ã‚Â­ his regular excursions with gullible dog walker Holly (Nicole Sullivan). Doug's friends Deacon Palmer (Victor Williams) Spence Olchin (Patton Oswalt) and cousin Danny Heffernan (Gary Valentine) round out the cast with their "guy" humor and diverse perspectives.<br /><br />In a manner that evokes "The Honeymooners" THE KING OF QUEENS finds inspiration in life's everyday situations. Last season alone saw Doug "loaning" Carrie to a wifeless Deacon for help with Thanksgiving dinner; the Heffernans suffering through the annoyance and financial strain of mold damage to their house; and Doug and Carrie striving to copy a couple whose photos Ã‚Â­ of a more adventurous life than Doug and Carrie's Ã‚Â­ they accidentally took home. We also watched Arthur grow jealous of a new dog that Holly added to her route and Doug finding out that his overprotective parents replaced his childhood dog Rocky three times behind his back. Throughout the series showcases James' incredible physical comedy Remini's hard-edged wit and Stiller's unique comic presence.<br /><br />You can't... You shoulden't Miss it!
critique3326 First time of seeing Buster Keaton's first feature film and I have to admit I liked it a lot and only wish I'd stumbled across it years ago. The Rohauer blurb at the start warns that the Three Ages single nitrate print was rediscovered and salvaged in 1954 just in time before combustion and many frames that seemed hopelessly glued together were separated. So it's rocky viewing in places but I've seen and survived much worse.<br /><br />It would have been OK as the 3 short films but as a take on Intolerance it's inventive and funny from the start to the finish: In the Stone Age with baddie Wallace Beery riding an elephant and goodie Buster riding a pet brontosaurus; In the Roman Age Buster riding a chariot with wheel locks and adapted for sledging No Parking signs in Latin; In this technological Age of Speed Need and Greed his car beautifully falls to bits at the first hump. Both him and Beery are after the Girl through the ages a never ending tussle. Favourite bit: As the caveman he gets knocked backward over a cliff edge but still blows a kiss to the camera - an amazing second or two!<br /><br />Great stuff reaffirming my love of silent film comedy.
critique3327 Style over substance. But what a style it is. "The Cell" is the internal version of most serial killer movies. Unfortunately the story hardly supports the visuals.<br /><br />Psychotherapist Catherine Deane (J-Lo) goes into her patients' dreams via artificial means to discover and help them over come their phobias and obsessions. A new patient whose fallen into a coma is brought to her attention by the FBI. He's a serial killer who drowns his female victims then poses their bodies in grotesque scenarios like mannequins. Deane must enter the killer's mind and navigate through his sick fantasies in order to find and save his latest victim. <br /><br />Director Tarsem Singh has incredible visions and set pieces for this production. Each dream sequence is like a nightmare-ish painting in motion from the landscapes to the costumes. <br /><br />But the plot suffers from lack of history of its characters. Stargher is the only person with a thorough background and he's the last person you want to care about. Without him you basically have a movie that moves in the present tense only which is a shame since the movie is so visually stunning and genuinely scary. Lopez is wasted but she's not that amazing an actress anyway though she's as gorgeous as ever. And Vince Vaughn? I don't even know why he was chosen. This is not his forte and he overacts to boot. He tried too hard to become his character and it showed. Stick to comedy Vince! Even so this movie is so visually frightening I still watch this movie with the lights on and can never fall asleep right away afterward.
critique3328 Although at times I was the only one in the cinema who was laughing this is the main pleasure I took from the beautifully shot "Thirst" - laughter. Although sometimes it seemed that the movie had an identity crisis and didn't know whether it was a tragedy or a comedy the blackest of black humour shone through at regular intervals. <br /><br />It helped of course that it the standard of acting by everyone concerned was wonderful and that I was slightly obsessed by the at times wicked leading lady who was gorgeously elegant no matter how blood soaked and malevolent she became.<br /><br />I read reviews that suggested this movie was overlong. I didn't think so. In fact the last scenes moving and hilarious (I mean the brown shoes....) by turns were among the best in the film.
critique3329 On second viewing of this movie I like it even more than the first time. It is full of nuances and a perception of life as being quite ordinary and often fearful but what lifts this movie to a height rarely realized is its focus on the little incidences in our lives to which we normally only offer the briefest of attention spans. Here the movie spins into the celebration of these incidences the meeting of a tow truck driver and client the jogger hearing a baby's cry from the bushes. The dialogue acting casting and direction are superb. No two by fours no grand revelations. What I did observe was how true the characters were to their basic natures and how enhanced their lives became when these were celebrated. Kudos to all involved in this we need more "Grand Canyons" in our lives. 9 out of 10.
critique3330 Pinjar is a genuinely good film with great acting good narrative good presentation touching emotions etc.<br /><br />It seems to me that the quality of films that Bollywood is producing is quite improving these days and this film is one evidence.<br /><br />No Bollywood movie that I can remember of made such an impact on me - I was literally thinking about the movie for hours - marvelling at the various emotional situations that test the human in a human.<br /><br />The film rests on the great acting of Urmilla Matondkar and also some from Manoj Bajpai. Urmilla plays a girl in North India in the background of the partition and all troubles seem sweet if compared with the problems she happens to face. <br /><br />A must-see film. A technically superior Bollywood product which I feel is comparable to the best movies coming out of other countries in the world.
critique3331 Just saw it at as closing film of Austin Film Festival. Going in a had seen a few snippets of their act at Alamo Drafthouse and thought the trailer was amusing but I wasn't expecting such an epic theme music and the use of tarot cards is genius in the title sequence. Watch out for cameos from Ben Stiller and Tim Robbins and the dark lord himself (who has a fetish for KG). So much over-the-top fun and the songs are so catchy. The car chase was by far my favorite scene. I know this will earn cult status right away and win over some new Tenacious D fans just like me. I hope this does well in the theaters. "Follow me we are the shadows"
critique3332 I am a massive fan of Jet Li! He is THE best HK action film star alive... and consequently - This film rocked! I saw it in the video store and as it was in the mainstream section of this mainstream video store I didnt register its presence at first and had to look twice. I immediately knew what I would be renting out. My only qualm (I suppose I expected it) is that it was dubbed (AAARGh) and not subtitled. Elsewise the movie's original/strange/cool plot and full on action made it one of Jet Li's better movies... even though they all fall under that category....
critique3333 A simple movie in the beginning a simple movie in the end. It does have that un-ending and pretending cliche but most tv movies have that any ways.<br /><br />Christopher Reeve does a good job as being an ex-con/drifter. The marriage between her and the woman he works for I feel is a bit queer but I believe for the time period it is set in that it is believable none-the-less.<br /><br />Now I saw the edited 'tv' version even tho the movie was made and showed on 'tv' I find that a bit queer as well. But I feel if I saw the entirety of the piece I would give it more-in-likely the same rating.<br /><br />J.T. Walsh does a nice job not his best role but still....a nice job.<br /><br />7/10
critique3334 The bevy of box office big league stars is phenomenal in this movie!! William Baldwin Kiefer Sutherland Kevin Bacon and Julia Roberts!! This movie was made in one of my favorite years too 1990!! I am a Chicagoan and the setting in Chicago was very identifiable and artistically expedited as well!!I liked this movie and the agitation which motivated the climax in this picture was a powerful element to the plot which was utterly sensational!!<br /><br />"Flatliners" centers around a group of disgruntled pre-med students who want to be flat lined as a way of attaining some sort of societal vindication!! When life does not make sense it would appear very illogical to get curious about apocalyptic nightmares!! At the same time once their desultory curiosity has gotten the better of them there is no turning back!! The king of the hill (so to speak) is the one who vehemently shouts: I WILL DO TWO MINUTES!! WHO ELSE IS GOING TO DO THAT!! ANYONE WANT TO TRY FOR TWO AND A HALF!! Ultimately all of these newly arrived and very unwelcome recriminations now have an extremely ubiquitous disposition in these re pro-bate's lives!! The consummation to their justified or unjustified pathos required a full 360 degree perspective on the issues they were agonizing over!! Whatever purpose all of this reckless and academic chicanery serves it is definitely an original approach for asserting your personality!! I liked this movie 1990 was a good year for me too things seemed to fall into place that year!! When I saw this movie some night in November during the year 1990 I was very glad that I did!!
critique3335 I think it definitely is. The writing is of such a quality that beginner students of the English language should model their conversations after its dialogue. For example the exchange between Paul Kersey(Bronson) and Ms. Kathryn Davis(Deborah Raffin) (more about this character later) is extremely clear and to the point: Ms. Davis says "I hope you like chicken. It's the only thing I know how to make" to which Kersey deftly responds "Chicken's good. I like chicken." If that's not English Grammar 101 I don't know what is.<br /><br />Another thing about this Ms. Davis character: Kersey sleeps with her on the second date after she practically throws herself at him and tells him she wants to see him "one last time"(this being only the fourth time they've ever met) before she moves to her sister's house in BinghamtonNY to get away from the creeps; then he really doesn't even bat an eye while her corpse is burning in the street only minutes later. Kersey never even says her first name through the entirety of the film. Not once. Never a "Get over here Katy" or a "That's a nice dress you wearing Kathryn" or a "Be careful Katie or the creeps'll get ya!"<br /><br />And while this 'love' is developing between the two Fraker(Gavan O'Herlihy) keeps his ever-watchful eyes on them. It's almost as if Kersey is using her as bait to get to Fraker much as he uses the camera or the car. Sure enough when Fraker bites Kersey bites back hard...in the most incredible sequence of events ever caught on film! The final fifteen or so minutes are possibly rivaled only by the final thirty minutes of Delta Force in their brilliance. And that's giving Delta Force a lot of credit. In what other film can you see Ed Lauter take out Alex Winter in order to get Charles Bronson's back a troubled gang leader seemingly calling a hotline to summon neo-nazi bikers to come to his aid and nimble Broadway dancers wearing mesh halter-tops posing as street punks all laid down to a soundtrack written by none other than Jimmy Page. If that's not the highest of high comedy then nothing is funny.<br /><br />Truthfully speaking there are a thousand ways to state the unintentional comedy of Death Wish 3 but the only way to truly understand it is to watch it and judge for yourself.
critique3336 Saw this in the theater in '86 and fell out of my chair laughing more than once. "Beirut"..."What do you know about Beirut?"..."Beirut...he's the best damn baseball that ever lived."<br /><br />You know how it's going to end but it has a great time getting there. The training scenes are very funny but the best scene may be the one when Jack and Reno are attempting to watch the Falcons v. Vikings Monday Night Football game while attempting a make-up dinner with their wives.<br /><br />Williams and Russell seem to have a lot of fun with this one and it's too bad that it's overlooked as a top notch comedy.
critique3337 Dick Tracy was originally a comic book created in 1931 by Chester Gould. He is a plainclothes detective who tracks down a crew of villains ranging from all types of visually original characters such as Flattop to The Blank to Big Boy Caprice. (These villains became so popular in the 40's that Warner Bros. created their own take on the Tracy-style villains in such cartoons as Daffy Duck) Tracy's comics were known for their liberal use of gunplay and the up-to-date technology advances (notably the wristwatch communicator) which got their fair share of screen time on this excellent movie. The music was done wonderfully by Danny Elfman and the original songs by Madonna were interesting but they were not the high point for her career. It's weird because as you watch the film and see the suspenseful moments the film feels so much like Batman because of Elfman's memorable sound to his pieces.<br /><br />I love the tough-talking kid Pacino's acting as Big Boy Caprice (and that chin!) Madonna's take on villainy and the cinematography and directing were impeccable. This film was very professionally made and features tons of great actors who were known as great actors for a while before this film was made (Warren Beatty Al Pacino William Forsythe Dustin Hoffman Kathy Bates Mandy Patinkin Catherine O'Hara Dick Van Dyke). The film was directed by Beatty himself which was interesting. It is almost like Beatty saw himself as Tracy in a past life or something because he really fit the part.<br /><br />I had to give this film an 8/10 for everything that it brought to cinema that got overlooked (for whatever reason). There have been tons of misunderstandings over the rating of this movie on IMDb and I still don't understand why. The characters were completely original and vibrant as was the style of the sets wardrobe lighting and everything in this film. Go buy it today. You will not be sorry.
critique3338 Ralph and Mumford misfits in their own land get duped into being unwitting pawns of Synanomess Botch. Twice Upon a Time is the story of them the characters they meet and their struggle to set things right. With a surprisingly impressive soundtrack and wonderful voice acting by some of the best in the business this offbeat movie hits the mark.<br /><br />The animation process while similar to that of the cut out "South Park" style is much smoother and far more three-dimensional. If I didn't know that the animation was this style I would swear that is was traditional pen and ink. If you can watch this film in Dolby Surround or THX PLEASE DO! You won't really miss anything if you don't but if you do you will get much more out of the experience!
critique3339 It takes a Serbian or at least a Balkan familiarity to understand and enjoy many of the situations characters and jokes of 'Zavet' as well as of many other films of Kusturica. See for example the opening scenes with the remote village in the Serbian mountains with the low-tech devices that defend the integrity and way of life of the inhabitants the nostalgia for the good days of the Communist rule and the awakening of the young brat watching his nude teacher at the sounds of the Soviet hymn. Kusturica not only tries to depart from the tragic history of Serbia described in his previous movies but creates a whole world of himself in the process.<br /><br />This is not a political film or not an explicit political film in any case. It's a fun film before all. Kusturica creates a set of characters that we care about. Music plays an active role in this film same as in all his other movies. His style is direct and grotesque we now what he feels about his characters and we know that he wants us to feel the same. The space he develops melds present history and magic and the colours seem to be of a Douanier Rousseau of modern cinema.<br /><br />This is not a perfect film either. The principal flaw is the length some editing and shortening would have been useful as at some point in time the director seems to have run out of ideas and repetitions show up. It is yet one of the most catching amusing moving films that I have seen lately.
critique3340 In Spain the former sailor RamÃƒÂ³n Sampedro (Javier Bardem) has been quadriplegic for twenty-eight years and is fighting in court for his right of practicing euthanasia through an association that defends the freedom of choice and leaded by his friend GÃƒÂ©ne (Clara Segura). RamÃƒÂ³n is introduced to the lawyer that is defending his cause Julia (BelÃƒÂ©n Rueda) who has a degenerative fatal disease; and meets Rosa (Lola DueÃƒÂ±as) a lonely worker that has been abused by men. Their relationship changes the behavior and viewpoint of life of Rosa and Julia.<br /><br />The Chilean Alejandro AmenÃƒÂ¡bar is in my opinion one of the best contemporary directors. His filmography released in Brazil is composed by excellent and original movies: "Abre Los Ojos" "Tesis" "The Others" and "Mar Adentro". Javier Bardem is probably the best actor in Spain in the present days. Their association produced this sensitive drama about a very polemic theme the right of committing euthanasia. This drama is never corny or depressive since the screenplay uses humor as a relieve valve in the most dramatic situations. The performances of the cast are perfect with characters having and defending different positions regarding this unpleasant theme. The dialogs and lines are very solid and intelligent. I noted in IMDb plot outline that this movie is based on the real-life story of RamÃƒÂ³n Sampedro. Unfortunately neither the movie nor the DVD gives this important information. My vote is nine.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Mar Adentro" ("Sea Inside")
critique3341 I missed the beginning of the film. I came in when the partisan's were in the farm house. I can truthfully say that it was horrifying. The moral ramifications are staggering. <br /><br />My fear of pain and torture leave me unable to see myself other than cowardly. I see the Christ like ability that was depicted by the brave patriot and I can only pray that I could or would have the moral turpitude to follow his example.<br /><br />I see that a main theme of the film is to show the weakness/strength of the tortured but what a dismal decision to have to be confronted with. All because the soul of man can be distorted in such a way that pain and suffering being brought to bear on a fellow human being is in some way satisfying. Be it mental or physical. <br /><br />I found the film very thought provoking.
critique3342 I got to see this just this last Friday at the Los Angeles film festival at Laemlee's on Beverly. This movie got the most applause of all the films that evening. Considering that two music videos opened first I didn't know what to expect since they were very fast and attention grabbing I wasn't sure I was ready for a short immediately. But to my surprise I really enjoyed this. I thought the main actor demon guy was really good. I was so impressed with his performance that I checked out his name. I was surprised to see that this was the Witchblade guy. He's gotten really good especially since then! Either that or he was given lousy roles or had been pushed by the director really hard for this short. The girl did an okay job. I guess its hard since it was her first performance and being so young. The dad did well also. There was a lot of really nice cg work for a short both for this and the short playing next "Mexican Hat" which was also nice but I enjoyed this the most because it had the most depth and emotion and I actually cared about the characters. The other was a very simple story. The story was quite illustrative and dark! It dealt with real topics using a more fantasy like approach to keep ADD people like me interested. We won't even talk about the last film in the block which I left. My only complaint is that I only wish I had seen more of the demon character and a little less of getting started which is why I gave it a 9 out of 10. I also thought the end credits went a little slowly. Otherwise it was beautifully told directed and edited. The timing was very nice with a complete change from the fast MTV editing done on everything nowadays. There will be more coming from this director in the future as well as the actor. I now will think of him as the Sorrows Lost actor not the Witchblade guy.
critique3343 Uproarious no-brainer comedy in which comedian Mark Blankfield portrays Jekyll as an uptight doctor deeply committed to his research. Once he's snorted his experimental formula he's turned into the scenery-devouring Hyde causing no end of problems for everybody around him.<br /><br />I was pleasantly surprised by this one. It has a truly insane madcap approach; it's full steam ahead with one outrageously stupid yet undeniably hilarious joke after another. Funny lines and sight gags are in abundance; Blankfield plays each role for all it's worth. One highlight has Hyde bursting into song; "Hyde's Got Nothing to Hyde" is quite catchy and even now I can still hear it in my head. The climax even goes so far as to spoof old b & w horror films.<br /><br />The supporting cast is quite spirited as well with Bess Armstrong as the ditzy fiancÃƒÂ©e Mary Krista Errickson as the spunky Ivy and Tim Thomerson as flamboyant fellow doctor Knute Lanyon. I do wish more could have been done with Thomersons' character as I'm a fan of the man but it's always nice to see him in something.<br /><br />A large array of familiar faces parade before the camera: Cassandra "Elvira" Peterson Peter Brocco Liz Sheridan George Wendt Michael Ensign John Dennis Johnston Art La Fleur Lin Shaye and George Chakiris in a cameo as himself.<br /><br />It goes without saying that if you prefer highbrow intelligent comedy you'd better avoid this one at all costs. But for those who enjoy a zany politically incorrect gleefully raunchy good time this just might do the trick.<br /><br />One of the best bits is saved for last.<br /><br />8/10
critique3344 Hi:<br /><br />I heard about lost from a co-worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment he loved it. Well I watched an episode or 2 in the early seasons and was bored so I tuned it out. After a few years I stumbled upon lost; bored with the current sci-fi fare. Wow was I surprised. Can you say gravity well damn I got sucked in. The pace and scripting are very good some of the flash forward/backs are so so with the lamer characters but over all good. My favorite characters are Ben Locke Jacob Richard Alpert Sayid Jarrah Sawyer Hurley Daniel Faraday Jin & Wife Walt Charlie Desmond and Jack's dad. Jack and Michael definitely are immature asshats very spoiled and immature. Kate 1 step above them Juliet was way more classy than Kate. Mr. Eko way under-rated and on the level of Charlie if not more too bad they both died. The guy dressed in black talking to Jacob (way back) is a genuine curiosity. As a whole great very layered series: looking for more.<br /><br />regards
critique3345 Debbie Vickers (Nell Schofield) and Sue Knight (Jad Capelja) want to become one of the cool girls in their high school. Uncool and ugly girls had two options be a mole or a prude! Debbie and Sue imitate them by using their cheating practices in an exam. Two of the cool boys Garry (Goeff Rhoe) and Danny (Tony Hughes) ask them for their answers and they all get busted. After a bawling out from the headmaster (Bud Tingwell) the cool girls meet them outside in the playground and confronted them about whether they "dobbed" on them all. As Debbie and Sue hadn't the cool girls invited them to the "dunnies" for a smoke. They then start to hang with them on weekends at the beach watching all the boys surf. Sue ends up going out with Danny and Debbie with Garry. A lot of usual teenage action takes place including sex drugs and rock and roll. Garry has an eventual overdose of heroin which makes Debbie face the inequalities of life and she decides to learn to surf instead of just watching the boys. They are not happy but watch her calling names and eventually Debbie masters the board. A cool early 80s Aussie film.
critique3346 I really enjoyed the performances of the main cast. Emma Lung is courageous and interesting. The director has developed performances where the characters are not one dimensional. A complex story with the changing between eras. Also appreciated the underlying story of the unions losing power and the effect of a large employer closing on a small town. I do not agree with the comment that the older man has to be attractive. There have be many relationships with older men and younger women - without the male being good looking. Depth of character can be appealing to the not so shallow. The film has a good look and the cinematography is also good.
critique3347 By 1945 and after a string of solid WWII propaganda pieces Errol FlynnÃ¢Â€Â™s hold over U.S. box office had started to decline so in spite of the increased burden of waning looks he embarked on a series of films pertaining to that genre which had earlier made his name: the swashbuckler. The first of these was a good one actually Ã¢Â€Â“ ADVENTURES OF DON JUAN (1948) Ã¢Â€Â“ but it also proved to be his last big-budget Hollywood starring vehicle. The rest of his sword-wielding days were spent wandering all over Europe: in England for KIM (1950) THE MASTER OF BALLANTRAE (1953) and THE DARK AVENGER (1955) in France for ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN FABIAN (1951) and Italy for the aborted THE STORY OF WILLIAM TELL (1953) and the little-seen CROSSED SWORDS (1954). However Hollywood did beckon him one last time to his old seafaring ways Ã¢Â€Â“ albeit for a modestly-budgeted Universal picture rather than a Warner Brothers Ã¢Â€Â˜AÃ¢Â€Â™ production to which he had been accustomed when at his peakÃ¢Â€Â¦ <br /><br />Still the glorious Technicolor cinematography leaps off the screen here and while an older and flabbier Flynn may look like the pale shadow of his former self his red-headed leading lady Maureen OÃ¢Â€Â™Hara has a field day as a tomboyish buccaneer leader who deep down craves romance and wants to be treated like a lady. Anthony Quinn was still a few years away from his larger-than-life starring vehicles so here he is typically seen as the baddie Ã¢Â€Â“ the pirate captain Roc Brasiliano a role he attacks with gusto. Like THE BLACK SHIELD OF FALWORTH (1954) Ã¢Â€Â“ a viewing of which preceded this one Ã¢Â€Â“ AGAINST ALL FLAGS takes me back to my cherished childhood days of constant TV viewing when vintage Hollywood movies were the order of the day on both the local and neighboring Italian channels.<br /><br />For all I know this might well have been the very first pirate movie IÃ¢Â€Â™ve ever seen and I cringe at the thought of todayÃ¢Â€Â™s generation of youngsters supposedly believing that the grossly overblown PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN trilogy is what buccaneering is all about! As I said earlier AGAINST ALL FLAGS might not be the finest pirate yarn ever brought to the screen but itÃ¢Â€Â™s a solid example of this prolific genre all the same. Nowadays the amorous persistence of the child-like Indian princess (Alice Kelley) towards her pirate captor Flynn may strike one as being awfully silly but the rest of it Ã¢Â€Â“ despite clearly not scaling the heights of THE SEA HAWK (1940) and THE BLACK SWAN (1942) to mention the finest seafaring ventures of its respective stars Ã¢Â€Â“ is briskly paced and reasonably engaging. Incidentally the film would later go on to be remade as THE KINGÃ¢Â€Â™S PIRATE (1967) with Doug McClure! <br /><br />For what itÃ¢Â€Â™s worth the unprecedented box office success of that unappetizing modern franchise is most probably what induced reluctant movie studios to dust off their catalogue swashbuckling titles and release them on DVD and as a matter of fact AGAINST ALL FLAGS itself was the one gem in a poorly-thought out Ã¢Â€ÂœPirates Of The Golden Age Movie CollectionÃ¢Â€Â set from Universal which also consisted of obscure dross like BUCCANEERÃ¢Â€Â™S GIRL (1950; with Yvonne De Carlo) DOULE CROSSBONES (1951; with Donald OÃ¢Â€Â™Connor) and YANKEE BUCCANEER (1952; with Jeff Chandler)! Value for money perhaps but so far I have only acquired the Errol Flynn flick from other sources; even so if the mood strikes me in future I might wish to lay my hands on similar marine adventures like Edward DmytykÃ¢Â€Â™s MUTINY (1952) the afore-mentioned YANKEE BUCCANEER and PIRATES OF TORTUGA (1961).
critique3348 In the early 19th century a young woman with a harelip falls foul of her family's ambition and the superstitions of the local community but she meets a man who may see her differently and just may change Pru's life forever.<br /><br />Precious Bane is a British Broadcasting Corporation adaptation of the highly acclaimed novel by Mary Webb. It's a beautifully filmed piece that is acted to an incredibly high standard the story {screenplay by Maggie Wadey} is excellent and the period detail and use of dialect is second to none. It's such a shame that this film has yet to get a DVD release one would have thought that with Clive Owen's {great here as Gideon} rise to stardom the BBC would get it out there but sadly no so the only way of catching it is on the very rare occasions that TCM shows it. The lead performance from Janet McTeer as Pru Sarn is simply brilliant guts and genuine emotion go hand in hand as McTeer gives it her all. Pru has to not only contend with her facial disfigurement but also the constant snides and hurt from the ignorant villagers. This is a time when folk believed that if a Hare ran in front of a pregnant woman it spelt doom a time of Bull Baiting a time of superstitions and talk of witches. In spite of constant set backs Pru is strong and resourceful even her own family knock her dreams back without realising it but this road may well be a terribly bumpy one but hope is everlasting and Pru has hope in abundance.<br /><br />8.5/10
critique3349 I saw this film on television and fascinated by the beauty of Jennifer Mccomb. It was a neat film and you can watch it for the beauty of Africa and of course Mccomb. At that time I was thrilled watching this movie and from then onwards I am trying for VCD of this film but I am unable to find it. Huge African lions makes appearance int his film and we will be spell bounded simply by the size of those animals and grace of them. All section of audience can watch this movie particularly children will enjoy this film. But some scenes involving Mccomb forces parental guidance for this film. It is a enjoyable holiday movie for one and all.
critique3350 Who Done It? contains many surefire laughs and gags. It is not only one of the best Stooges films with Shemp it is one of the finest short comedies Columbia produced. Director Bernds originally wrote the screenplay in 1946 for the Stooges but when Curly Howard suffered a career-ending stroke it was tailored for the Columbia comedy team of Schilling and Lane (their version was released as "Pardon My Terror.") It obviously was too good for the Stooges to pass up and it was finally filmed by the Stooges at the end of 1947.<br /><br />Old Man Goodrich calls ace detectives Shemp Larry and Moe out of fear that he will be murdered. When they arrive at his home Goodrich has disappeared and his niece and assorted goons try to get rid of the Stooges. Will they find Goodrich and bring the niece and goons to justice? <br /><br />Shemp is particularly funny in this film. His reactions after being given a mickey by Christine McIntyre are superb; he gives his trademark sound (eeeb-eeeb-eeeb) and Miss McIntyre is noticeably trying not to laugh! Other funny scenes: the close-up of Moe's mug looking through the camera lens; and the in-the-dark fight with all cast members involved.<br /><br />Nikko the goon (played by Duke York) is one of the most unusual looking characters ever portrayed in a Stooges film. With his kinked hair he could almost pass for a Stooge if he didn't tower over everyone else! "Who Done It?" is a gem among the Stooges films with Shemp. Even die-hard Curly fans will enjoy this one! A true Stooge classic. 9 out of 10.
critique3351 Perhaps not the absolute greatest entry in the Hammer House of Horror series but it surely wins the award for most inventively titled episode! "The House that Bled to Death"Ã‚Â… I could yell out this title all day without ever getting tired of it! And besides the wondrous title this short movie also benefices from a solidly written screenplay and a handful of genuinely suspenseful moments. It might require an extra viewing before you fully understand the peculiar end-twist but it's definitely an original idea for a horror short. The story opens with images of an elderly couple drinking tea in their middle-class house. The husband sadistically kills his wife and several years later the "cursed" house is still for sale. A young couple and their cherubic daughter move in and start to restore it but mysterious events occur and affect especially the young Sophie. Her beloved cat is killed an even her birthday party gets ruined when one of the house's pipes suddenly sprays blood all over the guests (a particularly chilling sequence this one!). Is the old house really haunted? Or maybe the seemly helpful neighbors cause all the horror? The answers to these questions are provided in the original and fairly unpredictable climax and there's even room for a real shock at the very end. The tension is masterfully built up and the titular house is filled with eerie scenery like the pair of rusty machetes used by the husband to slay his wife. Little warning though the sequence with the cat is hard to watch when you're an animal lover. In conclusion another winner for Hammer's short-running TV series!
critique3352 A lot of talk has been made about "psychological Westerns" but this is one of the very few that is truly in that genre. It has big name stars who perform very well but it is the director who makes this such a good movie. Stewart Granger loses his British safari hunter stereotype to play a haggard retired buffalo hunter who is revered in the West as one of the best. Robert Taylor plays the upstart (in contrast to the usual young upstart Taylor's character is middle aged too) who wants to slaughter buffalo and lures Granger into business with him. They hire two other big name actors Lloyd Nolan and Russ Tamblyn into being their skinners. Granger is haunted by the buffalo he has killed knowing that he may be to blame if they become extinct knowing if they become extinct the Native American way of life will greatly suffer. Taylor soon reveals a sadistic side but it is a realistic saidism unlike the one dimensional sadists of modern film created by nerds and dorks. He is insecure and needs human companionship. Still he won't stop at murder. The end pits the two against each other with a startling conclusion. The psychological effects of what they're doing are well depicted.
critique3353 What a joy to watch this family grow up and see the same children acting in this series eight years later. Anna (Lexi Randall) is a beautiful young lady working for a physician in town. She is in love with his son Justin who went away in the army and was injured in war. And the newest daughter of Jacob and Sarah Cassie is an outspoken cutie so transparently honest she often is embarrassing.<br /><br />On a cold winter day a stranger shows up at the farm. He is slow to reveal his identity. When they find out he is Jacobs father John Witting thought long ago dead hard questions about the past are difficult to get answered.<br /><br />Glenn Close is magnificent as a loving mother who wants only the best for all her family and is constantly wrestling with the forces that tend to separate them. Sarah talking to Jacob said "It's all so fragile this life. Anything can happen in the blink of an eye. I could have died in that blizzard. Think of Justin and John. probably more ill than we know. Time moves on. The moment passes then it's too late. It's a shame don't you think?"<br /><br />Life lessons on honesty and forgiveness make this a meaningful evenings entertainment.
critique3354 almost 4 years after the events of 911 if asked what comes to mind about that day most people would probably comment on things such as the sight of planes crashing into and the collapse of the twin towers the scores of people being killed acts of terrorism and heroism mixed together etc. everyone who was alive at the time will never forget that day. yet for most of us the memories although moving are not on a personal level. now comes an extraordinary film which gives everyone who did not lose a friend or a family member a chance to become involved at a personal level in just what we lost on 911. this is a film that needs to be seen.
critique3355 The 3rd and in my view the best of the Blackadder series.<br /><br />The only downside is that there is no Lord Percy who was the funniest character from the previous series but Hugh Laurie's Prince Regent is suitably madcap laugh a line.<br /><br />As a package it's quality through and through with convincing regency sets superb cutting sarcasm and little bits of the wacky the 'macbeth' actors standing out and Prince Georges 'lucky us' chicken impression and the missing words from Dr Johnson's dictionary.<br /><br />Few comedies have been quite as both clever as they are funny okay the odd lame observation or line gets in but mostly it's a scream.
critique3356 When I first got my N64 when I was five or sixI fell in love with itand my first game was Super Mario 64.And I LOVED IT!The graphics were great for it's timea good plotgreat courses and above allthe best music I heard in a Nintendo game.<br /><br />I don't remember the plot completelybut I think Princess Peach was kidnapped by Bowserand Mario has to rescue her.The object of the game is to get 120 stars from the curses in the castle.Each had about five or six challnges to get the stars.There are secert parts of the castlewhere you can get more stars.But of courseyou have beat Bowser.*I think there are three levels to beat Bowser on* Lets start with the characters.Mario is the main characterand gets helpful advice from Toadso he is basically one of your only alliances.I heard that Luigi and Yoshi are in the game towards the end.The main villain is Bowserand there are a bunch of other characters like Boo and Goomba.The characters are really great.<br /><br />Nexthow about the graphics?People say Gameplay is more important then the graphicsand I agree completely.But with he great plotthere are great graphics.Especially for it's time.I have a whole bunch of other Nintendo games like 007 and their graphics don't compare to Super Mario.Bright colorsgreat effects and awesome sound effects.I found the graphics in the water courses very very good.Next to the Bowser world onesit has the best graphics in the game.<br /><br />Nowthe music.This is my favorite part of the game.Growing upwhen I played this at a young ageI'd gladly leave the game on all night so the music would put me to sleep.Especially the music from Jolly Roger Baywhich was peaceful and wonderful.There are others that are great tooespecially inonce againthe worlds with Bowserare the ones that stick with me the most and are my favorites.<br /><br />This game was my favorite past time as a developing gamerand I love it.This game gets 10/10 or *****(5)/*****(5) GO PLAY THE GAME!
critique3357 Many of the reviewers have made it a point to note that Pinjar is unlike the run of the mill films produced in Bollywood. While this is true Bollywood films in general are geared to a specific audience and should be appreciated for accomplishing their aims in this regard.<br /><br />HoweverPinjar is an excellent film for those seeking a change from the normal equation based Bollywood film. Set during the time of Partition between India and Pakistan Pinjar focuses on a Punjabi girl who becomes the victim of societal and cultural attitudes toward the treatment of women in her time. Paro the protagonist is forced to choose between a life with a man who has abducted her and the fleeting hope of a life with her family back in Indian ruled Punjab. More than an issue of Hindus and Muslims Pinjar addresses and defines a woman's role as a daughter as a wife and as a mother in India and Pakistan in 1947. Unlike typical Bollywood films which are escapist in nature Pinjar is a film that makes its audience contemplate these issues during and after the film.
critique3358 Man On Fire tells a story of an ex-special forces guy with a drinking problem who accepts a job as a personal bodyguard of a little girl in Mexico during the wave of kidnappings for ransom. At first he's not to friendly but then they befriend with each other he decides to stop drinking etc. etc... then one day she gets kidnapped... and killed...<br /><br />And HE won't stop at anything to get the revenge.<br /><br />That's basically the story of Man On Fire but expect some big twists at least a few times including the ending which is beautiful and will probably make you cry.<br /><br />That's also because of the great music Harry-Gregson Williams with Lisa Gerrard (Gladiator) composed.<br /><br />But the strongest part of the movie... wait... the thing is everything here is perfect.<br /><br />First - acting. Denzel Washington is at his best Mickey Rourke and Christopher Walken good as always great Radtha Mitchell and AMAZING young Dakota Fanning. And that's not the end of the list...<br /><br />Then come the cinematography which is dazzling and along with superb editing should have won an Oscar for sure.<br /><br />The story is... not just a revenge movie. The story is intelligent the story makes you think... and is pure beautiful. Really.<br /><br />This is one of those movies you need to see in your lifetime at least once!
critique3359 While it certainly wasn't the best movie I've ever seen it was certainly worth the $8 (which can't be said for many movies these days.)<br /><br />This was a pleasant account of a true story although many of the details of the real story were twisted for the movie (ie Billy Sunday's character was three or four people in the real story combined together.) Robert DeNiro was of course good and Cuba Gooding Jr. was also impressive.
critique3360 An assassination thriller in the mould of Day Of The Jackal In The Line Of Fire has the added twist that Eastwood's old-timer bodyguard Frank Horrigan is troubled by past failure on the job. The chase becomes personal as John Malkovich's reptilian assassin Leary taunts him over this neurosis - with the rather clunky exception of the love of a good woman (Russo's Lilly Raines) nothing's going to set Frank's mind at rest than taking Leary down personally.<br /><br />Malkovich is a volatile presence - not simply combustible on screen but often a changeable actor too. This is one of his good films focused and playing director Petersen's game. Eastwood is too old but a) the audience don't care cos it's him and b) his age is written into the script not only in the narrative but also as a recurring joke. Pretty much as you'd expect but well-handled. 7/10
critique3361 This film to me is a very good film!!<br /><br />I have a German Shepherd myself and I wish to god he was like Jerry Lee!! I hope too that there is another K-9 in the running!! With Jerry Lee and Dooley in them!! I don't care what any one say these two films were excellent!!
critique3362 This is s superbly crafted top-notch Washington thriller directed by the talented Wolfgang Petersen with hotshot screenwriter Jeff Maguire (who seems to have done very little over the years so maybe he tends his roses). The film has Clint Eastwood as an ageing secret service agent and John Malkovich as a vengeful assassin pitted against each other in a massive test of wills and ingenuity where the President's life is at stake. Unnecessary secrecy and competition between rival security agencies almost dooms the President which is an authentic touch. This film was made when both Eastwood and Malkovich were at their peak. Probably Eastwood has never done a better job than he does here and it is all so effortless for the old pro. There are some wonderful sound effects of him huffing and puffing as he runs along beside the President's car as a bodyguard for which he is too old. I wonder if anyone else noticed the humour of those noises having been added. My 'guardian angel' whose name is Vigil enjoyed this movie even more than I did but then bodyguard movies are very much his thing. Rene Russo was a perfect choice for the female agent who falls for Eastwood as she is so unobvious but so talented and she shines. The tension is taut every inch of the way in this story and the psychological struggles of Eastwood to redeem himself from an earlier protection failure are beautifully shown by his typical understated acting. With Eastwood if he lifts an eyebrow by a millimeter watch out! Of course he is the master of the super-cool. Malkovich has the opportunity to indulge all the creepiness he could wish in the paranoid character he portrays and he captures the man's central vanity to perfection. What a good 'un.
critique3363 What to say about a movie like Rock Star? A lot actually! This is the type of movie that is almost tailer made for the critics to slam. It is also a movie I as a MAJOR Hard Rock fan enjoyed-no-loved actually-while all the while being very consciously aware of its many flaws and that the movie while a decent effort in some respects missed the chance it had to escape into greatness and become a rock movie classic. Oh well....<br /><br />I loved this movie-and would see it again and again-but I know that's purely based on my own personal tastes-Rock Star is a movie that will appeal to anyone who has experienced elements of the rock or hard rock lifestyle and wants to go down the road to nostalgia. It was a great time for metal heads. And it's nice to have a movie that effectively captures that(long forgot by many non-rock fans.) time effectively as I think that Rock Star has done. That is one of the film's strengths the concert footage. You will feel like your right there with them and how could any hard rock fan not love that? As far as setting the atmosphere Rock Star gets a 10 of 10. It also gets a 10 of 10 for pure entertainment. If you want a movie to just let yourself go and free flow into some great memories of good times past then this is the movie for you. It is also the reason why I loved this movie so.<br /><br />But it isn't a great movie. I understand that and were it my actual job to review movies professionally I'd probably have to be a bit hard on this one. The problem with Rock star is the character development.<br /><br />What is wrong with the character development is this there isn't any. None. The movie has certain scenes-few and far between but they ARE there-that DO touch on greatness:WARNING BRIEF SCENE SPOILERS: 3 examples- 1)when Izzy makes his debut on stage(including the fall he takes)<br /><br />2)The first "after show" party with Emily(Anniston and Izzy.)<br /><br />3)Backtracking a little-In the beginning when the original lead singer is casually dismissed(fired)-the whole "business as usual" tone sets the stage for what's to come. It's played very effectively.<br /><br />But the problem is nothing ever does come. There is little to no character development of anyone in this movie peoples' persona's are merely touched on but never fully explored. I don't think that's the fault of the actors/actressesparticularly Anniston who tries hard they just are not given much to work with. It's just that the script was weak and lacked the ability to go beyond the "formula" feel into true movie depth. Rock star was so sugarcoated at times(including towards the end) it was almost ridiculous. And  though those scenes I mentioned WERE outstanding and very believable sadly much else in the movie wasn't.<br /><br />Another reviewer mentioned the lack of buildup towards the end and I agree but there was actually a lack of buildup about ANYTHING. WHY does Izzy leave at the end? Because he misses his girlfriend and the band won't let him write songs? It tests the limits of believability. And frankly the end was just corny. Made no sense and had no reality to it at all.<br /><br />Watching this it's almost like watching a movie where the makers of it said: OK this happens here and then this happens and then this etc etc etc. By the end it's no longer a movie about a boy who's dream came true it's just another thickly formulated love story. And you wonder why so much detail is left out....<br /><br />I hope I'm not being to hard on Rock Star because I truly loved it-but not for the right reasons. I would have liked to love this as a great movie about the highs and lows of rock fame. Instead I loved it for it's 80's period feel the clothes the hair the lights the life.... Although many others loved it to I suspect most are people who lived the life of a rock fan like I did or some who play. I'd have liked to see the movie cross over and just be respected for being a good well told movie instead of a clichÃƒÂ©. I think one of the problems was the length. I myself hate over long films but this was one that really should have been longer if a movie is done really right the length is not even felt-there is just to much to the story for it to be as short as it was-that's one reason why there doesn't seem to be much development of either the story or the human beings portrayed in the movie.<br /><br />So-to wind down-this is a movie you can greatly get into- but not a great movie. See it for fun. See it for entertainment. See it to go back to that great great space in time when metal wasn't just a part of life it WAS life-and for those non rock fans-see it to get a little glimpse into a life that meant and still means so much to so many of us.
critique3364 I saw this in the early 70s (when I was 16) and despite the long slow set-up meetings riots etc once the desert section began all fell into context and I loved it. (Still do it has aged very well.) Back then I was in what seemed to be a tiny minority. All criticisms seemed to concentrate on the lack of action and narrative. Happily I'm no longer in such a minority. <br /><br />It deftly shows (in a somewhat prophetic way) the political splintering unrest confrontation brutal repression commercialisation and deception which lay ahead.<br /><br />Appreciation for this magistral film has grown and I'm glad about that.
critique3365 This show is a great history story. It's has everything from slaverythe way they were treated religion the ways Jews were sent into hidingthe inquisition the belief in the Orisha the African gods the way women were treatedincluding the daughters. Even down to homosexuality. The way the characters are intertwined and that Violante that character saddens me. She is so desperate to be loved that she destroys everyone around her.I am so glad they decided to re-release it to t.v. again. Although I would love to see the unedited version. Xica has become my Heroine. I look up to the way she uses her power to help all who seek it. I love all the characters and have found that they can relate to many people now in this century. I look forward to my Xica every night. It would be great to dub it in English so the Americans can love her too.
critique3366 I was pleasantly surprised to find this movie showing as a sneak preview in my local theater.<br /><br />We have all seen this plot line before (Top Gun GI Jane An Officer and a Gentleman) but a good script still works. This story is basically about the training of a Coast Guard rescue team with a couple of side story lines. Kevin Costner plays a highly successful rescue team leader Ben Randall who is forced into heading the training team after a tough mission. The movie takes us through the rigors of the training process and the personal stories of both the Costner character and that of Jake Fischer played by Ashton Kutcher. I am happy to say that Ashton is great in this part.<br /><br />There are no great surprises in this movie and you will probably realize what is coming long before it arrives. However the use of humor the exploration of the toughness of the training and the fun of watching Ben Randall "do his own thing as a trainer" kept me riveted and thoroughly entertained. I really enjoy watching a movie that makes the entire audience laugh out loud gasp here and there and clap at the end as a tribute to the movie.<br /><br />We all had a good time (despite a couple of tough moments in the movie)and I think you will too.
critique3367 This came as a huge surprise for me. I had never heard of this movie when I first saw it and the title really pointed towards something else than a great terrorist/hostage situation at a high school. Toy Soldiers has the best from it's time period of the early 90's where action movies were light-hearted and very enjoyable. The action is good the plot is interesting and way over the top the bad guy is a one-dimensional hateful douchebag (which is great) Louis Gossett Jr. is in it it's simply a feel-good movie which I thoroughly enjoyed.<br /><br />You can't go wrong with this one if you like action. I give it a solid rating of 8/10.
critique3368 Have not seen this 1958 film in a very long time and greatly enjoyed Kim Novak playing the role as Gil Holroyd who is an actual witch and has an aunt named Queenie Holroyd who is also a witch and Gillian also has a brother warlock named Nick played by Jack Lemmon. When Gillian sets her eyes on Shep Henderson(James Stewart) who is engaged to a girl he is going to marry; Gillian performers some magic spells with a cat and changes his mind about his intended bride and then becomes very lust full and falls in love with Gillian. The story tells that a real witch cannot fall in love blush or cry and this begins to prove a big problem between Shep and Gillian so Nick and Aunt Queenie decided they have to do something about this situation. Great film to view over and over again and a great classic film from 1958.
critique3369 This tale set in Wellington New Zealand suburbia (Tawa -home of the renowned Tawa College) is McCarten's first feature.<br /><br />With a contemporary New Zealand flavour Via Satellite abounds with absolutely hilarious situations which develop in the (adult) family context. At the same time it manages to invoke intense emotions of sadness and despair.<br /><br />One of the most moving and humourous movies of the year - not to be missed!
critique3370 Robert Taylor and Stewart Granger switch the goodie-baddie roles they held in "All the brothers were valiant". Taylor seems a bit uncomfortable in his bad-guy role but Granger plays his part perfectly. However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest. The film is perfectly made with the atmosphere of the times wonderfully given. The direction is taut and although the film is no light-hearted entertainment it is to my way of thinking a major film unjustly ignored by the cognoscenti.
critique3371 Following the collapse of Yesilcam (Turkey's answer to Hollywood) in the mid '90s few but the most prescient of observers could have foreseen such a recent pique in the Turkish film industry arguably built upon the work of ex-photographer Nuri Bilge Ceylan.<br /><br />Uzak is the director's third feature and forms something of a trilogy with his two earlier pictures (Kasaba and Clouds of May) following similar themes and techniques. The film finds Mahmoud a commercial photographer living alone in a small Istanbul apartment only visited occasionally by his brusque married lover. Yusuf his nephew has left his village home after the closure of a factory and the loss of his job. The younger man stays with Mahmoud while fruitlessly looking for work in the city drinking in cafÃƒÂ©s and nervously observing young women he never approaches.<br /><br />The film's title is translated as "Distant" and the film beautifully illustrates every possible connotation of the word; Yusuf's physical distance from his home Mahmoud's emotional distance from the world around him and the generational distance between the two men.<br /><br />Ceylan's films rarely contain heightened dramatics instead allowing full and rich characters to develop from within the tightly framed static shots. He acts as director producer writer cinematographer and co-editor and casts friends and family in many of the roles. Such a confined insulated approach to film-making might be expected to lead to films hard to infiltrate and connect with for most viewers making Uzak's undoubted humanity all the more impressive.<br /><br />Ceylan is however a better cinematic formalist than dramatist taking the reigns from such past masters of cinematic language as Ozu and Tarkovsky. After viewing Uzak I can think of few better suited to the task.
critique3372 This is a neat little crime drama which packs a lot into its 65 minute running time. It has all the right ingredients - a mystery corpse a weary middle-aged cop Corrigan (Walter Kinsella) and his rookie sidekick Tobin (John Miles) a shadowy killer on the loose and even love interest for the Tobin in the shape of a female botanist Mary (Patricia Wright) who helps solve the crime. There's also a terrific shoot-out finale which takes place in a stone cutters yard.<br /><br />Watch out for a terrific goof near the start of this movie where Lt. Corrigan refers to the dead woman as 'Tatooed Tilly' BEFORE the coroner reveals that she had a tattoo (confusing huh?). Also later when Tobin is chasing the killer across the back yards he is suddenly shown going in the wrong direction at one point - no wonder he didn't catch him!
critique3373 Star Trek Hidden Frontier will surprise you in many ways. First it's a fan made series available only on the web and it features mainly friends & neighbors who have the computer programs and home video cameras and sewing machines to as Mickey & Judy once put it put on a show. It's definitely friends & neighbors to you can tell. A lot of these people aren't the most beautiful looking folks you've ever seen or the youngest or the thinnestÃ‚Â… some of them stumble through their lines like they're walking on marblesÃ‚Â… some of them have thick accents or simply don't seem to speak well in the first place whick makes it virtually impossible to understand a single solitary word that they're saying. Still you have to admit for everything these friends & neighbors have put together it's actually fun to watch. Yes some of the dialogue is hokey. Yes it's a little odd (though admittedly a little cool too) watching two Starfleet males kiss (although some of the kissing scenes seem to go on and on.) Yes you cringe a bit when they clearly quote from ST:TOS TNG other shows and the movies or when you hear the theme from Galaxy Quest played at the beginning and end of every show. Okay. We can get by that. Why? The graphics are first rate. Better than almost anything you've seen. And sometimes a show or two really stands out story-wiseÃ‚Â… some of them are actually real tear-jerkers.<br /><br />Hidden Frontier is a total guilty pleasure in every sense of the wordÃ‚Â… but you have to give the people involved credit where credit is due. It takes a lot of effort to put on a production of this magnitude. People sets costumes graphicsÃ‚Â… it's a huge effort on a lot of people's parts. We watch we return and we thank them.
critique3374 Von Trier once explained how he created such strong involvement from the viewer with his movies by placing his movie world in about the middle of the real world and the imagined world. So as viewers we think we watch a "true" story while in fact we are thoroughly manipulated often to the point that the movie works disturbing (Dancer in the Dark) or painful (The Idiots/ Idioterne). Of course the Dogme-films acted only as a vehicle for this theory (besides creating some welcome spotlight on Von Trier).<br /><br />The story is typical for Von Trier: our hero is idealistic seems to balance his relations with everybody else but soon becomes the victim of the problems others have created in the past for themselves. The idealist inevitably has to reject society in order to stay idealistic and becomes the terrorist. Mankind is spoiled and purity only leads to (self-)destruction. (These elements were also very omnipresent in Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark.) The movie is also full of cynical (even humorous) undertones about the role of the Germans and Americans in post-war Germany.<br /><br />As a technical achievement the movie is wonderfully designed: shifting and fading washed-out colors screen overlays action on different overlays (with the shooting of the soon-to-be mayor as the most interesting). In this movie we can see how good Von Trier's handles film as a technical medium. In his later works he seems to step down from this (as if he is not longer interested in technical achievements because they become so easily available).
critique3375 I'm sick of people whining about Ewoks! True they're not the best thing that ever happened to Star Wars but they DID happen so deal with it! Besides they ARE cute and I don't care if they're marketable. Yubb Nubb!<br /><br />This movie always leaves me in tears. It's perfect. The end could not be better. I'm excited for The Phantom Menace because it will suddenly throw the focus of the whole story from Luke to Anakin. I love how he is revealed at the end - it would be too unresolved any other way. So those of you who are complaining that Vader's helmet was removed take a moment to think about it. It's very effective. Vader the man who hid behind a mask for 20 years is finally revealed as a sick-looking man. He is not entirely machine - he's vulnerable.<br /><br />I don't know how the casting director happened to pick such good actors in A New Hope. They all do so well. They are believable characters. Hamill does an excellent job with his dramatic character development. Fisher does a fine job being a female role model (I mean come on! She killed Jabba even when so many others had failed!). Harrison Ford - need I say more?<br /><br />The music is once again brilliant. It's so very touching and significant when you can pick out character themes at different parts of the movie. The best climax is when Luke shouts "NOOO!" and jumps out to fight his father in the Final Battle. John Williams is nothing short of a genius! What an amazing man!<br /><br />Already the movie has so much more meaning for me because of Episode I. I can't wait to finally see it in the theatres (CAN I WAIT???) and then watch the original trilogy yet again.<br /><br />Bravo!
critique3376 Madonna gets into action again and she fails again! Who's That Girl was released just one year after the huge flop of Shangai Surprise and two after the successful cult movie Desperately seeking Susan. She chose to act in it to forget the flop of the previous movie not suspecting that this latter could be a flop too. The movie received a bad acceptance by American critic and audience while in Europe it was a success. Madonna states that "Some people don't want that she's successful both as a pop star and a movie-star". The soundtrack album in which she sings four tracks sells well and the title-track single was agreat hit all over the world as like as the World Tour. The truth isthat Madonna failed as an actress 'cause the script was quite weak. Butit's not so bad especially for those who like the 80's: it's such a ramshackle trash colorful and joyful action movie ! At the end it's very funny to watch it.
critique3377 I caught this film at a test screening. Was very surprised to find a really sweet and fun story. Well acted. Natasha Henstridge is the next Julia Roberts. The male lead was awsome. Very funny film. Takes place in the best locations in New York. Made me want to go there. I just saw "You've got mail" I thought "It Had To Be You' was a much better story. Fresher.<br /><br />It was clean and great for whole family. I think it will do well. Audience I saw it with loved it. A definite recommend!
critique3378 This is the follow-up creation to Better Off Dead. In a competition Better Off Dead would win hands-down. But for star power One Crazy Summer outshines Savage Steve's better script. Problems with One Crazy Summer (OCS): casting. Better Off Dead (BOD) was cast so much better. Friendship: OCS shows Cusack giving hateful looks to Bill Murray's little bro. Trouble on the set?? More outrageous friends in OCS but more genuine friends in BOD. Plot was good. You'll predict some of it but even the predictable parts go further than you think they could. So even though this is Better Off Dead's ugly stepsister it's worth a look. See Demi Moore before the plastic surgery if for no other reason. John Cusack fans you gotta see it just to say you have. If you don't like Bobcat Golthwaite I'm sorry. I don't like him either but you can't escape him in this one. At least he does a great job in the film doing a tribute to another movie monster. Editing needed help on the beach but for most part not much to complain about. Overall it's good and funny. But try not to compare it to BOD or you'll find it lacking. *sigh*
critique3379 First I rated this movie 10/10. To me it's simply one of the best I saw since I was born (I'm 23 but I saw numerous films). The story is cruel but reality is too not ? It went deep into me and stirred my bowels. I saw it about 5 or 6 years ago and it still shakes me - and I still remember it !<br /><br />Second there is no 'national preference' (this expression is a direct translation from the French) for this movie. I mean it's not because it is a French movie that I put it so high : it has really caught me when I saw it. Furthermore I don't know well Marcel Carne's filmography so I don't know if it is or not his best movie but I know it is not his most famous : Hotel du Nord Quai des Brumes and Les Enfants du Paradis are the most famous.<br /><br />Third the movie's in B&W but it deals with inter-temporal problems of youth (not acne) like love friends and studies in a modern way. It could even be remade frame-by-frame with actual young actors a Dolby(tm) sound and special effects (a car crash) it would still be a great film !<br /><br />Problem : Maybe is it a film to be seen by young adults (from 16 to 25 years old) - and above of course - for its message to be well understood... Did I say it was a great movie ?
critique3380 The third and last part of the Bourne trilogy (duh) is lacking a bit in the story department but covers it with extensive action scenes! Twi in particular take up quite some of the running time and make this movie better.<br /><br />The director and star (Damon) themselves agreed that it was difficult to find a story for the last part because the end of the second movie was quite ... advanced story-wise. How they got around that? The action scenes for once but they did another thing too which I can't reveal because that would be a spoiler. But if you watch the movie than you'll notice it! Funnily enough I read that this adaptation of the Bourne books is the least accurate of all three films .. if that means anything to you :o)
critique3381 The very few reviews I could find online of Barnens ÃƒÂ¶ really do not do it justice. I read them all before ordering the DVD but for some reason I ordered it anyway. I regretted it almost immediately but the order had already gone through so I couldn't cancel it. I'm very glad now that I couldn't. It's an extraordinary movie.<br /><br />I won't give a synopsis of the plot because other reviewers have already done that. But I will say that I don't understand comments that it's bleak shocking weird clinical depressing or pornographic. It is certainly very unusual which I suppose could make it seem weird to some people but the other criticisms must reflect the reviewers' own issues because I didn't see any of that in the movie I just watched. I'm not attracted to boys so the nudity didn't seem pornographic at all to me--it's just a kid trying to figure out who he is with no help at all from the irresponsible adults in his life. And it's Sweden not Utah so topless women are no big deal.<br /><br />But what surprised me most is how positive the movie is in its depiction of this gutsy lost kid who goes on a sort of Odyssey through all sorts of strange experiences looking for--and ultimately finding--himself. It's fascinating thoroughly original and deeply satisfying.<br /><br />I'm not at all surprised that Barnens ÃƒÂ¶ won three major Guldbagge awards for best film direction and actor but I'm absolutely astounded that the actor who won was not Tomas Fryk the kid whose fearless performance as Reine must be one of the most remarkable ever filmed but Ingvar Hirdwall in the relatively insignificant role of Stig Reine's mother's sleazy boyfriend. I don't understand that at all but it doesn't alter the fact that this is a great movie.
critique3382 Radiofreccia is still a good surprise in Italian cinema. The film is based on a book of Italian songwriter Luciano Ligabue who also directs the movie and writes the music score -of course.<br /><br />The film is a portrait of north Italian province life in the Emilia Romagna region. We're in 1975 the time of the first free radios -one of the boys of the movie creates "Radioraptus". Youth wishes friendship love sex individual dramas and unemployment are among the themes but the film speaks also about drugs -Freccia the main character is a victim of heroin slavery.<br /><br />Without being boring and moralist the story flows very well; the spontaneity of actors is strong and the way of directing as well. Obviously Luciano "Liga" Ligabue is neither Fellini nor a movie professional first of all he's a musician. But he succeeds in making a good product. Unfortunately he'll not repeat the success with his second movie "Da zero a dieci" -not good at all.<br /><br />In "Radiofreccia" actors are generally not very famous the only star is Stefano Accorsi -one of the most popular young Italian actors. See in a small role another Italian songwriter -Francesco Guccini he's the nice communist barman and football trainer!
critique3383 Look if I were interested in a Nancy Drew book what I would do is pick up a book and read it. I'm not. Ever since I can remember I read people trashing movies because it wasn't like the book. I'm sorry - in the digital age we can no longer watch movies on flip books however I'm sure you can still find a few short silent films in book form. When Lord of the Rings came out people complained. When the third one won an Oscar - "The book was better." When I watched To Kill a Mockingbird "the book was better." Now a bunch of people are upset yet again because Nancy Drew wasn't like the book. I'm not saying Nancy Drew is going to win any Oscars - if anything it'll be one of those Nickelodeon Blimps or Kids Choice Awards. I'm saying give film a break. It's film not paper. As a movie I found Nancy Drew quite enjoyable - featuring cameos from Bruce Willis and Adam Goldberg (The Hebrew Hammer) and supporting roles featuring Tate Donovan (Jimmy Cooper on the O.C.) and Rachel Leigh Cook (She's All That). This is the first time I've seen Emma Roberts in a movie and frankly I enjoy her work more than most of Julia and of Eric's; her character stays consistent throughout the film and reacts well with conflict. A lighthearted movie in the spirit of Harriet the Spy is nice now and again.<br /><br />I give it ten stars because I thoroughly enjoyed the movie would love to see it again and will probably buy it upon DVD release.
critique3384 Some people don't like Led Zeppelin but luckily the number of people who versus the number of people who don't is WAY unbalanced. I am the proud converter of 2 or 3 Led Zeppelin fans and the only reason I was able to do this is because of this DVD.<br /><br />For one how someone can listen to "Stairway to Heaven" or "Immigrant Song" without falling in love with Zeppelin is beyond me but to play the guitar and not like Page... That is like being Christian and not liking Jesus. My friend was like "Led Zeppelin sucks!" and I was like "Oh yeah watch this!" After about 2 mins of watching Page pick through "White Summer/Black Mountain Side" he was glued to the screen and has never said a bad thing about Zeppelin since.<br /><br />Incase you haven't been following the running metaphor I am calling this DVD the Bible of Led Zeppelin. Held high by the followers and used as a converter for the unwashed heathens.<br /><br />Course there are some things missing like "Over the Hills and Far Away" a good version of "Immigrant Song" and I really didn't need 2 version of "Whole Lotta Love" but what the hell I'll take 'em.<br /><br />Because there is nothing besides "The Song Remains the Same" to compare this too I gave it a 10 and even if there were more to compare it too I still would have given it a 10.
critique3385 French film directors continue to amaze with their extraordinary ability to simulate the sights and sounds of ordinary everyday suburban life. This was readily apparent with the release early in 2002 of L'Emploi du temps ( Time Out )  a brilliant character study of of a white collar worker's descent into melancholy after having been fired from his job. As is the penchant of French filmmakers  many scenes were shot on real streets and in public places giving a cinema verite feel to the story  yet L'Emploi du temps also possessed an elegant look thanks to excellent camera work and some stunning location footage ( most notably a Swiss mountain retreat ). Running fairly on the heels of that masterful movie comes another impressive French production Jacques Audiard's gritty crime caper Sur mes levres ( Read My Lips ). Actually to tag this film a crime caper does it a disservice because it is so much more than that. As with the earlier French release it is an incisive character study of marginal people using their wits to get ahead in a society that has turned its back on them. In a Paris construction firm Carla a shy diminutive young woman sits at her desk sequestered to an area of the office that is a major pathway to the xerox machines and restrooms.<br /><br />Obnoxious coworkers use the front of Carla's desk to chat and drop off their half-finished Styrofoam cups of coffee. Partially deaf Carla turns her hearing aids on and off at will if noise becomes bothersome be it the drone of the paper copiers or the shrill crying of a friend's baby. When her boss calls her into the office to suggest that she hire a secretarial assistant to help her with the work load Carla fears she may lose her job. At the employment office Carla lists the specifications she wants for her assistant (preferably male) as if she were at a Personals Agency. He should be 25 years old and clean -cut  with extensive computer and filing skills. When the agency sends over an unkempt  menacing looking young man Carla is both shocked and intrigued. They leave the office and have lunch at a local eatery where Carla interviews her prospective assistant. When she finds out that he has just gotten out of prison  Carla initially wants nothing to do with Paul but has a change of heart and hires him on. Although she is basically kind toward her helper Carla now finds herself in a position of authority and possessing a newfound sense of power. Paul learns quickly and becomes an able worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live and even covers for him when his parole officer shows up one day at the office wondering why Paul missed his appointment. During one of their lunch breaks Carla informs Paul of her hearing deficiency and reveals her ability to read lips. Later when an avaricious coworker blatantly takes over a project Carla has been working on a furious Carla asks Paul's help in seeking revenge on the man. From here on in Sur mes levres becomes an increasingly intense crime drama escalating into some of the most violently graphic scenes that have been shown on the screen in recent years. The screenplay borrows elements from Hitchcock most notably REAR WINDOW where Carla's lip-reading talent comes into full play using a pair of binoculars. There is a teasing on-again off-again sexual attraction between the two protagonists that culminates in a rather strange homage to NORTH BY NORTHWEST but it works because of the considerable sexual heat that builds slowly between the two stars. That being said what one carries away from this movie isn't so much the similarities to classic Hitchcock thrillers although those elements are definitely there but the pervasive view a of a modern day city (in this case Paris) where life runs the gamut from mundane workdays to a boozy garish nightlife where sex drugs and laundered money infiltrate the lives of several characters. Unlike Hollywood productions this is a psychological suspense yarn where the people look like the everyday man and woman on the street where a punch in the face or groin sounds like a sickening thud and where the office is a place to be feared. It's Hitchcock with the gloves off.
critique3386 I got this movie with my BBC "Jane Austen Collection" (5 DVDs of old BBC adaptations) and didn't like it at first. It's completely different from the others and it lacks or so I thought one of the qualities that I enjoy in all other Austen movies: cheerful common sense. The nightmare scene in which Mrs. Richards apparently sews her fingers together was especially upsetting.<br /><br />I still don't like to watch the finger-sewing scene but I do love hearing Mrs. R. saying dreamily while she sews "My only acquaintance...tore my gown." This movie is now my current Austen favorite. I've watched it 7 or 8 times so far. The acting to my mind is incredible. The way I notice good acting is when I find myself looking up from whatever I'm doing (sewing though not my fingers together hopefully or boondoggling or whatever) in order to watch the character deliver his lines. It's the turn of expression the cast of posture that make the words come alive -- that's what makes good acting as far as I'm concerned.<br /><br />Well I watch almost every part of "Northanger Abbey" because almost all the actors play their roles with such charisma. Peter Firth is amazing as Mr. Tilney the perfect blend of Bathian fop and real masculine hero - you're not sure until the end whether he's after Catherine's money or not. I love his touch of (Welsh?) accent. Mr. and Mrs. Richards are charming: the combination of their behaviors - especially Mr. Richards' high voice lending counterpoint to his wit and wisdom - makes them so real. General Tilney as the hard-hearted father who may possibly be a murderer is fascinating too. And Captain Tilney the grinning rake who is so clearly enjoying himself... and the moneygrubbing sister and brother whose names I can't currently remember - the two of them are so perfectly at once smart and smarmy.<br /><br />The other reason I love this adaptation is that it is the most romantic of all the Jane Austen adaptations. I know this was one of Austen's weak points (well it is as far as I am concerned): even though all her novels are love stories it's hard to feel that her heroes and heroines are really in love at the end. And if they're aren't really in love then what's the point? All the other adaptations I've seen (other than the early Olivier/Garson one) have pretty cold-fish kisses at the end if they kiss at all. I don't at all like sex in movies but it really is necessary to have a heartfelt kiss in the end. And the ending kiss in Northanger is a doozy.<br /><br />The over-the-top approach to costumes music and lighting work very well as far as I'm concerned. And the script is extremely clever - the way we are educated about Gothic romance highlife in Bath Cathy's normal country upbringing etc. is very well done as they usually are in BBC productions. Also I like the part when the little black page does the cartwheels. And the Marchionesse I think was an entirely appropriate and very clever expository device.<br /><br />Some people have objected that this version is the opposite of what Jane Austen intended to do in Northanger Abbey - she meant to make fun of Gothic romance not promote it. But I don't think she meant to put "Mysteries of Udolpho" etc. down. She was just making the point that you need to distinguish between reality and fiction. And this point is made when Mr. Tilney chides Catherine in his mother's room. Besides General Tilney was a villain albeit a prosaic one. That point was meant to be made surely.
critique3387 I think Josh Duhamel is so great!! The rest of the show is fun to watch but I think it is the handsome and sexy Josh Duhamel that makes the show "Las Vegas" really fun to see!! In the days of "Magnum" I loved Tom Selleck I thought he was the sexiest man on the face of the earth!! A hunk on a television show is a must in order for women to enjoy watching something especially just for purposes of innocuous entertainment!! I would have done anything to "Win A Date With Tad Hamilton"!! Josh Duhamel is incredible and I will always have a super crush on him!! Josh is definitely a HUNK!! and I will watch "Las Vegas" all the time Josh Duhamel is a big reason why too!!
critique3388 The Sopranos is perhaps the most mind-opening series you could possibly ever want to watch. It's smart it's quirky it's funny - and it carries the mafia genre so well that most people can't resist watching. The best aspect of this show is the overwhelming realism of the characters set in the subterranean world of the New York crime families. For most of the time you really don't know whether the wise guys will stab someone in the back or buy them lunch. <br /><br />Further adding to the realistic approach of the characters in this show is the depth of their personalities - These are dangerous men most of them murderers but by God if you don't love them too. I've laughed at their wisecracks been torn when they've made err in judgement and felt scared at the sheer ruthlessness of a serious criminal. <br /><br />The suburban setting of New Jersey is absolutely perfect for this show's subtext - people aren't always as they seem and the stark contrast between humdrum and the actions taken by these seemingly petty criminals weigh up to even the odds. <br /><br />If you haven't already you most definitely should.
critique3389 This is one of the best of the series ranking up there with Resident Evil 3: Nemesis (Or Biohazard: Last Escape) The game has a very good storyline in which you play as Claire Redfield in the search for her brotherChris Redfield (Whom you probably know from the original Resident Evil) It is as scary as the other Resident Evil and contains alot more cutscenes.<br /><br />My Rating: **** out of ***** Stars (Rating based on comparison to other videogames)
critique3390 I recently (May 2008) discovered that this childhood favorite was available as a DVD. Although I've seen a great deal of high quality movies since then (late 70's (I was 10 in 1978)) this three-episode low budget thing still stands strong.<br /><br />What's fun is that I now watched it with my 10 year old daughter and she experiences just the same as I remember from back then: The creepy music (she had to hold my hand even though she's been raised with watching LotR and Resident Evil) the ever changing theories of who the culprit actually is and also complaining about the theatrical voices from an era before Norway discovered the difference between stage acting and movie acting.<br /><br />This is the one and only good science fiction movie (or series) ever made in Norway. And it's still worth watching.
critique3391 This is a movie that will brighten up your day for sure. Kermit the Frog is just an ordinary frog in his swamp when a talent agent stops by and tells him that Hollywood is looking for frogs to be in movie (lol). On the way Kermit meets Fozzie Bear Miss Piggy Gonzo and his chicken Camilla Rowlf The Electric Mayhem Bunsen Honeydew and Beaker. But also trailing Kermit is the proprietor of a restaurant chain Doc Hoppers French Fried Frog Legs. All things considered though Kermit and the Muppets make it to Hollywood.<br /><br />This movie is recommended for everyone young and old.<br /><br />It has some wonderful musical numbers like "The Rainbow Connection "I'm Going to go Back There Someday" and "Movin' Right Along." The Muppets also use many forms of transportation in this movie. Kermit rides a bike Fozzie drives a Studebaker and another car Gonzo takes flight with a bundle of helium balloons (which is one of my favorite moments by the way ;) ) and Kermit and the rest of the Muppets finally go the rest of the way by the Electric Mayhem's bus (Dr. Teeth Floyd Janice Scooter and Animal); who meet up with them in the desert after Fozzie's car breaks down.<br /><br />Even some Sesame Street Muppets make cameo appearances (i.e. Big Bird is walking along on the road on the way to NYC to break into public television). The end is also a very heartwarming moment. Every single Muppet created is in the final scene along with a final "Rainbow Connection" reprise.<br /><br />But those poor Muppets worked so hard on their movie set then it all comes crashing down and the camera explodes in a huge ball of sparks. You'd think everything is ruined and destroyed But the rainbow comes shining through the roof at the end and it all sums up the magic of this film and you know everything will be all right.<br /><br />Perfect 10/10. Watch it and you'll be enchanted by the fun and sadness of this movie.
critique3392 The 1990s film with Anthony Hopkins and Debra Winger is rightly showered with praise and I enjoyed it very much but this TV original is just as good and in some ways more appropriately cast. Claire Bloom isn't a brash Joy but she is still confident and throwing her cap at her favourite author (played by Joss Ackland in one of his best performances).<br /><br />Quieter calmer and less emotional than the Attenborough film this may be but it does justice to what is a marvellous play full of meaningful dialogue. You'll still cry to this version but perhaps you won't have the musical prompts to set you off.<br /><br />There's room for both - and having seen this on stage I would say that the Ackland/Bloom one is slightly more faithful. But they're both excellent.
critique3393 I was but a babe in arms when George Lucas was wowing the world with his out of this world Saga chronicling the adventures of young Luke Skywalker and the notorious Darth Vadar but even today 20 years on I can appreciate the genius that is Lucas and the incredible imagination he's been blessed with. In A New Hope Lucas showed a new way to tell stories as he introduced us to such memorable characters as the plucky Princess Leia the Rougish Han Solo and the spirited Luke Skywalker as well as that best loved of villains the sinister Darth Vadar. In The Empire Strikes Back he went all out to show us Special Effects can add to a tale and managed to something no-one thought you could do on screen. He made a film with no specific end or beginning and it went down a treat. Return of the Jedi is a fitting end to a Saga that will stand the test of time.<br /><br />When The Empire Srtikes Back ended with encasing of the lovable Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite to be delivered to Jabba the Hut and young Luke reeling from the discovery of a terrible truth about his Father we were left with the feeling that things were going from bad to worse. Vadar it seemed had won the day. How we asked could the rebels ever recover from this blow? In Lucas stunning and captivating final chapter we are kept on the edges of our seats from Han's daring rescue from Jabba's palace to the the final climactic battle on the Death Star between Luke and Vadar as Luke struggles between fulfilling his duties as a Jedi and rebel fighter and attempting to reawaken the good he believes is still in his Father's soul.<br /><br />Old friends like the smooth talking Lando Calrissian and the ever lovable Chewbacca reunite for one final battle to end all battles as a new darker more dangerous enemy emerges in the form of the Emperor himself ( played by the brilliant Ian McDiarmiud.How he missed out on an Oscar is a mystery.) desperate to turn Luke to the Dark Side even if it means betraying his apprentice Darth Vadar.All in black with his red eyesghostly white disfigured face and sinister laugh he truly is a terrifying addition to the story and is the undisputed Master of the events that unfold. His new and improved Death Star spells disaster for the rebels but the brave group launch one last desperate attack to end the Empire's reign for good. <br /><br />Lucas managed to incorporate three different stories at once and keep the action going so that the audience is riveted. We watch in excitement as Han and Leia attempt to bring down the shield around the Death Star from the forest Moon of Endor with the help of some adorable Ewoks ( who I really do not believe take from the movie at all. In fact I feel they provide a sort reprieve from the tension of the battles at and in the Death Star) and hindered by legions of Stormtroopers and Imperial Officers. We cheer on Lando and the other pilots as they take on the mighty Imperial Fleet and risk life and limb to fly into the Deatn Star to destroy it once and for all. And we watch with bated breath as Vadar and the Emperor attempt to turn Luke to the Dark Side while he in turn tries to turn his Father back.<br /><br />But for me the most difficult and yet compelling battles is that going on inside Darth Vadar. For ROTJ is a battle of emotions and feelings. Vadar is caught between his loyalty to the Emporer and the Empire and his Fatherly inclinations to Luke. Never did I think that a mask could show emotion but some-how one can't but see the confusion and pain on Vadar's face during the final scenes as the Emporer turns on Luke. There is more depth and emotion to Vadar than I believed a villain especially one more machine then man could have and that I think is what makes him so accessible. He is conflicted. The Apprentice as much as the Master. The Victim as much as the Villain. Without ruining the end too much Vadar's final scene is the most poignant and wonderful in the trilogy.<br /><br />So in conclusion what can I say. George Lucas is the master of the Saga. Star Wars is the most compelling and engaging Sagas I've seen in a long time and I have yet to see another Saga rival it. Return of the Jedi has all the ingredients necessary to provide the ending Lucas masterpiece deserves. It's action suspense romance tragedy redemption joy all rolled into one and it's memorable characters wonderful special effects and catchy music make both a great movie in its own right and an ending that Lucas can be proud of.
critique3394 I watched this show until my puberty but still I found it to reflex many situations that worry us when we're teenagers although it was a family oriented show. Until the mid 90's it focused more on the young adults and their situations.<br /><br />That's why I loved "Step By Step". I mean it offered situations for every age and unlike many shows of it's kind it delivered expectations.<br /><br />Let's be honest; this wasn't an extremely funny show no but it had some situations that you could feel related to but only funnier.<br /><br />There was an extremely good charm between Patrick Duffy and Susan Sommers. Duffy rocked! Sommers was tender and actually funny. I was in love with Stacy Keegan because she was extremely sexy (loved her legs) and witty. But Sasha Mitchell stole the show with his Cody character. He was the man back in the day! Oh the memories. Nowadays this show wasn't been able to adequate correctly on the new generations and that's why it should be kept in the vault of memories. That's it only memories.<br /><br />Thank you Step By Step for making my puberty funnier.
critique3395 This is a great movie a must own. I really liked every aspect of it from the sword fighting the romance the costumes were really well done and put together. The scenery is absolutely beautiful. I also loved the mystery and magic. Also the message of the power of love that love is the greatest power there is. I really like the heart of the king in the sense that he desires peace instead of the bloodshed and hate. I wish that I could live in a world like that with flying ships to castles in the sky. I also think that it was really nice how they brought the animals into the movie. I also thought that the cook was really funny. I have watched it many times in one day and still never tire of it. Just wish they would bring it onto a DVD.
critique3396 George Armstrong Custer is known through history as an inept General who led his rgiment to their death at the battle of Little Big Horn. "They Died with their boots on" paints a different picture of General Custer. In this movie he is portrayed as a Flamboyant soldier whose mistakes and misdeeds are mostly ue to his love for adventure.<br /><br />Errol Flynn plays George Armstrong Custer who we first meet as an over confident recruit at West Point. Custer quickily distinguishes himself from other cadets as beeing a poor student who always seems to be in trouble. Somehow this never appears to bother Custer and only seems to confuse him as he genuinely does not know how he gets into such predicaments. In spite of his poor standing he eventualy graduates and becomes an officer in the United States Army. Through an error Custer receives a promotion in rank. Before this can be corrected he leads a Union regiment into battle against the Confederates. His campaign is successful and Custer becomes an unlikely national hero. Custer returns to his hometown marries his sweetheart Libby who is played by Olivia De Havilland. Libby is a very supportive understanding wife who steadfastly stays by his side and follows him into the frontier as he assumes leadership of the Seventh Regiment of the Cavalry. Custer becomes a man of honor who strives to keep peace with the Native Americans. To prove his intentions he enters into a treaty with Crazy Horse the leader of the Sioux . When that treaty is jeopardized by a conspiracy to spread a false rumor of gold being found in the Black Hills Custer sacrifices his own life as well as the lives of the men under his command to prevent the slaughter of thousands of innocent settlers.<br /><br />Errol Flynn dominates each scene in which he appears. He successfully portrays Custer as being flamboyant arrogant romantic and funny depending on the mood of the scene. Olivia De Havilland's depiction of Libby Bacon Custer as the love of his life lets us see his tender more gentle side. The Chemistry between DeHavilland and Flynn who had acted together in several other movies is so smooth and it almost makes the viewer feel like they are playing themselves and not the parts of Custer and his wife. The other actors portrayals of their characters truly enhance the performances of Flynn and De Havilland. Anthony Quinn as Crazy Horse Sidney Greenstreet as General Winfield Scott  Arthur Kennedy as Edward Sharp are among the other actors whose roles have made this movie entertaining.<br /><br />The reviewer would rate this a 4 star movie. While it is not historically accurate it is very entertaining. The movie has a little bit of everything. It has adventure comedy and romance so it appeals to a large variety of audiences. The casting of the characters is excellent and the actors give believable performances which makes you forget it is largely based on fiction instead of fact. The reviewer especially likes that the Native Americans were not shown to be the bad guys but just showed them as wanting to protect their sacred land.<br /><br />
critique3397 It may interest people to know that this film was made without any recourse to Phoolan Devi herself and when she did finally see parts of it was so enraged that she announced that the film was not to be shown in India or she would cover herself in petrol and set fire to herself. I do not know whether it was shown at all or not but given her standing at the time as a rising politician I doubt it. Since then I saw a report that she has been ousted from office and charged with further crimes from her Dacoit days and has gone into hiding as a result.<br /><br />Her own concerns aside this is an excellent film made all the more so by its refreshingly brutal approach; none of the rose-tinted melodrama one might expect from a typical indian film. It should be stressed that concerns about how feminist the film's messages really are and the like are essentially irrelevant: it's a true story. Her misgivings are it seems not with what is depicted but with the way in which the film depicts her.
critique3398 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3399 Since the start of her career in the 70's and vastly throughout the exuberant 80's Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has grown into a modest icon and genuine cult figure in the world of horror & bad monster movies. While Ms. Peterson has taken on various supporting roles in motion pictures covering a wide variety in genres it was her TV-character Elvira that brought her the most fame. Part of her charm Ã‚Â– and respect from the fans Ã‚Â– lies in the fact she never turned her back on the horror genre that made her famous (unlike many other big name actors & actresses that like to distantiate themselves from their "early" work). I've seen only bits & pieces of her TV performances but her cameo role in Ghoultown's recent tribute song "Mistress of the Dark" really encouraged me to check out more of her stuff. One thing had been clear to me already long before this music video: Over the years Elvira had become a force of influence herself by the time the mid-80's came around.<br /><br />And in 1988 after films like "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" incorporated homages to and spoofs on her TV-work it finally happened: "Elvira Mistress of the Dark" the motion picture. Now I had seen the trailer for it already back in the VHS rental days but it took me until last week to finally see the actual film. A few years ago I did manage to watch "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (made in 2001) but for some reason it didn't impress me all that much. Was it really that forgettable or should I give it another watch? I actually really do feel like re-watching it now as this first Elvira film from '88 really convinced me. Though perhaps partly responsible for making this film work might be Sam Egan and John Paragon with their contributions to the script there really is no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a great feel for comedy (she also co-wrote the screenplay).<br /><br />When Elvira learns she's one of the beneficiaries of a Great Aunt (she never heard of before) she takes it as the long cherished opportunity to start up her own show in Las Vegas. Out to claim her rightfully inherited money she travels to a quiet New England town. But the uptight townspeople of Falwell are in for a treat. In less than no time she manages to shock and insult all noteworthy inhabitants of the conservative little town with her (often unintentionally) provocative behaviour. To make things worse her inheritance turns out not to be what she expected: A rundown mansion a cookbook and a poodle. But what she doesn't know and her evil uncle Vincent Albot does is that her Great Aunt was a witch and the cookbook contains recipes to concoct the most hellishly dark powers imaginable. And if you haven't turned off the movie yet by the time Elvira has cooked up her first dish from the recipe-book then rest assured you're going to sit out this ride with a smile on your face.<br /><br />It's surprising how a script rigged together with boob-jokes witty one-liners movie references inside jokes and bade taste merriment also manages to tell a coherent story. Simple of course but coherent. While other movies heavily relying on gag-like situations often make you loose track of the story completely (like the "Naked Gun" films for example) this film doesn't. A lot of horror-comedies were being produced during the 80's but not a lot of them actually worked. Let alone a horror-spoof that doesn't derail at some point ("Killer Party" although I'm grateful for this one going completely bonkers during the finale) or becomes too tedious too quickly ("Saturday the 14th"). Although "Elvira" is more comedy than horror it doesn't loose track of what it's doing and consistently builds up towards a mildly grotesque finale complete with a supernatural showdown in the streets of Falwell between newborn witch Elvira and evil uncle wizard Talbot including a real honest-to-god witch hunt and Elvira's very own burn-at-the-stake moment.<br /><br />I'm telling you there's no power in hell that could make this movie unfunny. One of the first giggles I got was during the opening credits already when Daniel Greene's name appeared. Daniel who? Oh yes I recognized his name (and later on his dim-witted macho-face). How can one not forget Daniel Greene once you've seen... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you haven't seen "Atomic Cyborg" then I'm sorry but you won't be able to laugh with his face in this one. And on a side-note: I never could have imagined Elvira looking this cool while ignorantly driving away from a gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not have made that shot look any better.
critique3400 Kannathil Muthamittal was simply one of the most touching and sincere movies ive seen in a long time. the story of an adopted girl who on her 9th birthday learns the truth about her parentage. she sets out in an endeavour to find out more about her real mother and learns that her mother is now a terrorist.<br /><br />the greatness of the movie lies in its simplicity. mani ratnam generally has a tendency to create unreal and pompous overblown characters in this movie every person seems real and their interactions are touching and sincere. this is the reason why this ranks as one of his best movies.<br /><br />the movie is emotionally draining and tugs at the heart of the viewer keerthana as the 9 year old amudha and simran as her adopted mother are simply brilliant. their relationship is the cornerstone of this movie. there are some notable flaws here particularly the scene where amudha learns that she is an adopted child is jarring and seems totally unreal. it is hard to believe that such sensitive parents would break such a news in the manner that they did. another flaw is surprisingly enough the brilliant songs. they again seem forced and stand out not gelling with the rest of the script.<br /><br />having said these this still is one of the most poignant and beautiful movies to come out of india in a long long time. this beauty is not just in the script or characters but in teh technical brilliance as well ravi chandran's camera work is sheer poetry. all characters perform creditably and the realistic humour especially in teh flashback scenes are entertaining.<br /><br />a sincere 9!!
critique3401 Awesome Movie! Great combination of talents! I'm a HUGE fan of David Duchovny and he is outstanding in this movie! I would love to see him in more movies of this nature. His talents are definitely under-used and has SO much more to offer besides "Agent Mulder" (although I'm a huge fan of that series too) Anyway I want to see more of him. He is easily the Cary Grant of our generation. If you haven't seen this movie you MUST! Great love story that shows love never dies... it's with you forever. Minnie Driver is great and how can you go wrong with a cast containing Mr. O'Connor and Mr. Loggia and Mr. Belushi? This movie didn't get any type of awards nod but deserved one. Great job Bonnie Hunt! ** By the way... the soundtrack is great too! **
critique3402 I contend that whoever is ultimately responsible for creating/approving the trailer for this movie has completely blundered. NO ONE I know wanted to see this movie based on the previews and EVERYONE who actually saw it (that I know) absolutely loved it... The advertising campaign is disgrace/disaster/blunder.<br /><br />Opened at #4 behind...<br /><br />#1-Rush Hour which I have not seen average IMDb score of 7.4.<br /><br />#2-The Bourn Ultimatum which I have seen awesome movie but 3rd week out average IMDb score of 8.7 (deserving I would say).<br /><br />#3-The Simpsons Movie which I have seen okay movie but 4th week out average IMDb score of 8.1 (a bit high in my opinion).<br /><br />#4-Stardust average IMDb score of 8.4 (lower then Bourn but that's been our for 3 weeks).<br /><br />Whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising I think that the powers that be behind this movie screwed up big time! This should have been advertised as an amazing movie that happens to be a fantasy/fairytale and not advertised as just another fairytaleÃ‚Â… Too bad :( Anyway- Now that I have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on... Awesome movie go see it!
critique3403 Overall I enjoyed this film and would recommend it to indie film lovers.<br /><br />However I really want to note the similarities between parts of this film and Nichols' Closer. One scene especially where Adrian Grenier's character is questioning Rosario Dawson's about her sex life while he was away is remarkably similar to the scene in Closer where Clive Owen's character is questioning Julia Roberts although it is acted with less harshness and intensity in "Love." Also note that "Anna" is the name of both Dawson's and Roberts' character. Can't be coincidence. Now Closer is based on Patrick Marber's play and supposedly this film is loosely based on Arthur Schnitzler's "Reigen" so I'm not sure how this connection formed.<br /><br />Anyone have an idea?
critique3404 I gave this 8 stars out of a possible 10. It had an excellent plot and Peter Coyote and Michele Lee as well as the rest of the cast did their parts well.<br /><br />Both Peter and Michele were too long in the tooth for the ages their characters were supposed to be and their children in the film obviously would have been better suited being their grandchildren.<br /><br />I missed the first ten minutes of this film so I don't know just how that body turned up after 25 years and got traced back to Denny Traynor (Peter Coyote's character) but I had no difficulty picking up on the storyline.<br /><br />Barbara Traynor (Michele Lee) is stunned when her long-time husband Denny is arrested for a murder in Oregon some 25 years previous a state Denny claims he was never in.<br /><br />However as evidence piles up against Denny his story changes. Then his story changes again and yet again until Barbara doesn't know what to believe.<br /><br />Barbara makes up her mind however to get to the bottom of the mystery whirling around the fateful time Denny and a young girl named Sherry accepted a ride from a stranger named Wayne Kennedy that ended in murder.<br /><br />I found the film entertaining well paced and it kept me guessing as to what had really happened between those three people.<br /><br />From what I saw during the closing credits this seemed to be based on a true story.
critique3405 Tim Burton the man behind the original Batman film and Beetlejuice brings the world the sequel to Batman that exceeds the original in more ways than one. Firstly Michelle Pfeiffer and Danny De Vito are a great mix of Batmans enemies. The dark deadly and sexy Catwoman works well to rattle some heads within the story and penguin works in the same way that the joker worked in the original. The sets are stunning and immaculate. Gotham city has so many dark alleyways that you could never know what's happening at one time or another. The only thing that gives it a bad name is its script which at times seems to lapse and then not recover for while. Tim Burtons direction bring superhero films into a new realm. Beats all the superman films and the other Batman films by a mile. Though in terms of realisation the new Batman begins has a bite where this one lacks but Burton is a more original director than Nolan.
critique3406 I am a 58 year old man.On a rainy afternoon my wife suggested that we go see The Women. After reading the reviews I thought it might lead to an afternoon nap. Wrong- this movie held my interest from start to finish. It was great to finally see Meg Ryan looking super again. Let's face it Meg looks much better with long hair. Annette Benning looked different to me in every scene she was in. Candice Bergen is showing her age as is Carrie Fisher. The daughter Molly was exceptionally acted by young India.I was able to understand the dialog which is tough in many current films due to rapid speech. Cloris Leachman and the woman from Finland were terrific as the housekeepers who extend their regular duties. The NYC scenes were nice to see. Oh and Bette Midler had a short role but as usual was terrific. So I gave this chick flick a 9. Guys- Go see this even just for the eye candy like Eva Mendes. It won't disappoint.
critique3407 Up until the sixth and last episode of the Star Wars saga which finally ended in 2005 I had always looked at this 1983 entry as my favorite film of the long-running series. The varied action scenes and really different characters (Jabba The Hut furry woodland creatures etc.) made this a particularly appealing movie.<br /><br />None of the action ever focused too long in one spot either. The last half hour exemplifies this the most as the scene switches every few minutes from the woods to the battle among space ships to the individual laser-duel between Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader.<br /><br />Another nice characteristic this film had that the two previous did not was the absence of in-fighting between two of the stars. Gone was the incessant bickering between Carrie Fisher and Harrison Ford. Finally everyone was on the same page! It was nice to see.<br /><br />In the end this was simply a wonderful adventure tale more than anything else.
critique3408 It's got action and fantasy mixed all together what more do you want in an action movie? And it also has one of the best martial artists in the movie industry today Wesley snipes.So all in all this movie hasn't left anything out. And that's my comment of what I think is a classic beat em up movie.
critique3409 It's always a good feeling when a movie delivers the goods when you weren't expecting it. The Dead End Kids/Bowery Boys found themselves in a lot of uneven films and usually did better when in a support role as in "Angels With Dirty Faces". Here their presence as a backdrop to the story of a boxer framed for murder gives them a lot of screen time without distracting from the main action.<br /><br />John Garfield is light heavyweight champion Johnny Bradfield a southpaw hitter who's a lot different from the image he portrays to the sports world and the press. When a newspaper reporter inadvertently learns that Johnny's a party loving womanizer his plans to spill that information in a column is interrupted by a whiskey bottle to the head from Johnny's manager Doc Ward (Robert Gleckler). In turn Doc talks Johnny's girlfriend Goldie (Ann Sheridan) into running off with him to avoid the legal hassle of dealing with the reporter's death. As both flee a police chase winds up in a fiery car wreck and Doc's body is misidentified as Johnny from the gold watch he was wearing.<br /><br />Claude Rains adopts an Edward G. Robinson sneer that doesn't quite work as a detective who's been reassigned to morgue detail after a bad arrest years ago. His character is Monty Phelan and he has a pretty good hunch that the body in the car crash wasn't Johnny. He pesters his boss to hand over the closed case to him and is given the assignment to get him out of town and out of the way.<br /><br />Meanwhile Johnny looks for advice from his lawyer and winds up being screwed even worse when he gets conned for most of his ten thousand dollar savings. Making his way cross country Johnny winds up at the Rancho Rafferty Date Farm in Arizona run by a crusty Granny Rafferty (May Robson). The farm is the legacy of Granny's brother a deceased priest from Brooklyn and is now the home of a band of rag tag street boys (The Dead End Kids) who work the farm. Billy Halop is the nominal leader of the boys in this one and his sister Peggy (Gloria Dickson) becomes the romantic interest for Johnny now going by the name of Jack Dorney.<br /><br />I get a kick out of the historical perspective offered in these pre-War era films. When Johnny and the boys take a joy ride in the farm's truck they fill up at a gas station for a $1.28! Tommy (Halop) gets the idea that a gas station on the farm would be a good way to earn some extra money and with that thought Jack Dorney decides to take on a barnstorming boxer offering $500 a round to anyone who can stay in the ring with him. The clichÃƒÂ©d premise is turned on it's ear somewhat when Jack gets knocked out in the fifth round but by then he's earned enough to give the fruit farm a fighting chance of it's own. Maybe Grandma Rafferty should have been in the ring she just about took out everyone sitting around her at ringside. As Johnny/Jack comes around in the locker room Detective Phelan is on hand to take him into custody. Knowing that he can redeem his reputation with this collar it's a toss up as to whether Phelan follows through on his arrest - you'll have to watch the film to find out.<br /><br />I like the Dead End films where Leo Gorcey's in charge but he doesn't have a lot to do in this one. However he does a great film flam on the ticket taker at the gate of the boxing match. Another thought - wouldn't it have been great if the ever present picture on the wall of the priest had been that of Pat O'Brien?<br /><br />All in all this is a pretty good entry in both the John Garfield and Dead End Kids filmography and an entertaining way to spend an hour and a half. If there's one downside it's not enough screen time for pretty Ann Sheridan. The film might have wound up even more satisfying if the roles of Sheridan and Gloria Dickson were reversed as the on screen chemistry between Dickson's Peggy and Jack seemed more forced than natural.
critique3410 This movie answers the question how does a relationship survive when your girlfriend is codependent clinging needy jealous .. and has powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal women?<br /><br />Without spoiling the movie I can safely assure you it does not but there's great fun to be had along the way. Uma Thurman is perfect as the mercurial super-heroine an uber-babe mysteriously named G-Girl who unlike most in her sisterhood is not *always* dedicated to truth justice and the American Way. <br /><br />Thurman is also believable as the thoroughly daft yet somehow still fetching curator Jenny. When she is dumped for a less endowed but more emotionally secure and well adjusted rival G-Girl goes ballistic and what follows is not pretty. It's funny but it's not pretty ..<br /><br />It's a delightful premise hell hath no fury like a super-heroine scorned and those involved don't altogether carry it off but it has its moments and I think I'll get the DVD.<br /><br />I liked this movie ..
critique3411 Most folks might say that if one were to spend a Saturday night watching a movieyou must be really bored. ActuallyI had just gotten back home from being out and turned on the TV and there it was"Paulie". <br /><br />I had missed the opening creditsso I didn't know the name of it but I saw that it had Cheech Marin in itso I naturally thought I had tuned into "Born In East L.A." When I saw him talking to a talking parrotI was ready to dismiss this as the kind of flop movie they show late in the night.<br /><br />Happy to sayit was better than that. As you knowif you don't already Paulie is lost and trying to get back to his original owner. Seems it's taken years to find her. What should be Paulie's advantage is actually a dis-advantage in ways. People come across a literate parrot and all they see is a way to make money or benefit themselves. <br /><br />While Cheech Marin's character "is" making money from himhe's not mean to him. The dance sequences with the parrots are something kids will find cuteI found them amusing.<br /><br />Pauliewho's naive'learns quickly that not all humans are nice people. Especially the owner of an animal research lab. The man lies to him saying he'll help him find his owner as long as he helps in his animal communications research. Paulie is now stuck but decides to make a fool out of the man at a demonstration to others of Paulie's vocal ability.<br /><br />Throughout the film Paulie's telling his story to the facilities janitor who ends up freeing himseveral other animals and finding the location of Paulie's owner. It's a touching reunion. <br /><br />8 out of 10the wing clipping scene should have been assumed and not shown. That part might bother younger children. Otherwiseit's a great movie for older kids and adults who are a kid at heart. (END)
critique3412 I desperately need this on a tape not a DVD and soon!<br /><br />I have one nephew who is in the infantry but has not yet deployed although he set to go to Iraq soon after December 2008. I lost my beloved step son in Ramadi Iraq on 09-15-05 from an unmanned missile in a green zone. I have another nephew who is joining the army as soon as he graduates from high school this spring because he like his older brother has some idealized and romanticized idea about what serving in the military is. My stepson died after only 10 days in country and he never went out on any missions so my nephews have no way to reference any of the experiences shown in this candid documentary from any type of personal experiences that might have been conveyed by my now deceased son. <br /><br />There is nothing I can do about those who are in or now gone but I have one left that has not raised his hand and been sworn in YET. I desperately want him to do so informed none of the others did.<br /><br />Pleases help me with this.<br /><br />The movie documentary The Ground Truth is the best visual reference I have ever seen. I need to somehow make my youngest nephew see what he is getting himself into before it is to late. BUT: ( do not laugh )I NEED my mother to see this first. She must actually see and hear these men and women not simply the idea of them but the truth of what they will be immersed in possibly forever. Then she will have the emotional determination to make my brother watch this film and once he has then he may then make his son my youngest nephew watch it too. Then my nephew might begin to take this seriously. <br /><br />((( is there another time when this will be shown on TV ? if so please tell me when ? )))<br /><br />However my problem is my mother does not own a DVD player she still uses video ( is that correct? with tapes ? ) So I need to find a way for her to be able to watch this film. Can I purchase this from anyone in that form? If not is there any other way for me to get this in the form of a tape from anyone? Is there any legitimate link from which I can pay to download it onto my computer and then transfer it to a tape. If so who would I contact. I will gladly pay for the privilege providing it is a legitimate link. <br /><br />Orif you have any alternative ideas I will consider anything you can suggest.<br /><br />Please help me I have lost one very precious adored and loved one already I already know my oldest nephew will never be the same when he returns and I may loose him too. I cannot loose three and the emotional toll for all of those that do make it back is too high a price to pay for every male child in my family of that generation. Please help me. I will happily call you email me a number if that is the best way to get the needed information. Thank you so much for any help you can offer.<br /><br />Sincerely Lori Swanberg l.swanberg@yahoo.com
critique3413 A kinda remake of PLANES TRAINS AND AUTOMOBILES in a lot of ways.i thinki think it's such a bad and sad coincidence that both John Candy and Chris Farley left us When they still had a lot of stuff to do.God bless them bothi think the plots of 2 movies are really similarRoad Trips of two different poles of charactersand a lot of unlucky consequences because of the Chubbies This movie can not be Planes trains and Automobiles but its a really entertaining movie especially with the great performance of Chris Farley The missing part in this movie is the touchy stuff if we compare it with Candy&Martin Classicbut i think its better this way
critique3414 This shorter movie is the epitome the expected results when the imbecile runs the asylum. It is sad how the futures of these young people were rolled down a craps table when neither Saddam Hussein nor the people of Iraq God rest the souls of the 350000 plus that have been killed had anything to do with terrorism nor al-Quida.<br /><br />Following this movie the astute viewer will need to pick up or download a copy of "Loose Change." This movie is available free on the internet until the Bush cabal locks it down by googling-up the very title as indicated in parenthesis.<br /><br />God Save our country. This will not be done by following the Christo-fascists that controlled the Halls of Congress for over 10 years prior to November 2006!
critique3415 And my children love it now! Granted I can watch it now and realize the animation wasn't that great and that the plot is trite. Hey if every villian introduced themselves by saying "I ammmmm DAAAARRRKK HEEEEAAARRT" I think they might be laughed at but for young children it is a moral story with catchy music.<br /><br />Music so catchy mind you that I still had the words memorized after not seeing this film in twenty years. I would definitely suggest this one for younger children.
critique3416 After visiting the Kimbell museum in Forth-Worth Texas USA enjoying the art and the architecture (also of the adjacent Modern Art Museum) and having a delightful conversation with the knowledgeable bookstore lady I purchased this a propos DVD with rather high expectationsÃ‚Â… and was not disappointed in the least.<br /><br />The thematic approach dramatic tension revealing interviews archival footage and stunning architecture are also mixed in a coherent whole to explore the life of the late iconic Louis I. Khan.<br /><br />The documentary begins: contemplative classical music plays archives are scanned with a reflective shadowy face superimposed blurring letters symbolically referencing a train window passing a backdrop landscape Ã‚Â— a journey Ã‚Â— focus and out of focus the search eventually culminates to an article in a newspaper. Nathanial Khan reads from the front page of the New York Times where his father is simultaneously praised as the best American architect alive and his death announced. <br /><br />"When I first read that obituary I have to admit I was looking for my own name. I was his child too his only son. I didn't know my father very well. He never married my mother and he never lived with us (Ã‚Â…) He died when I was eleven."<br /><br />So years later this illegitimate son is still haunted by unclear fragmented thoughts and feelings about his father who seems to be a great professional and public figure but who's secretive personal life escapes him and affects him to the point where he intends to do something about it.<br /><br />"For years I struggled to be satisfied with the little pieces of my father's life I've been allowed to see but it wasn't enough. I needed to know him. I needed to find out who he really was. So I set out on a journey to see his buildings and to find whatever there was left of him out there. It would take me to the other side of the world looking for the man who left me with so many questions."<br /><br />So the documentary is two-fold by a slow systematic discovery of the world-renown architect we get to know: 1) his ideas buildings and the architectural perspective and 2) his families coworkers people's life he affected and the human perspective<br /><br />The DVD also offers added insight with a Q&A with the writer/director and additional footage that includes such great Louis I. Khan quotes as "Everything that everybody says is the truth. It's their truth. It might not be factual." and "A good idea that doesn't happen is no idea at all."<br /><br />This movie is a journey of discovery. Self-discovery and discovery of a man a great man yet a human imperfect like all of us. We get to know him through the eyes of an admiring and slightly bitter son but with the openness and objectivity to really explore without making easy conclusions and without judging.<br /><br />By key interviews with people who interacted with him in various capacity. We slowly put some pieces together until that final interview with this man from Bangladesh who really seems to bring it back home with visceral and sensible comments.<br /><br />Brilliant architect brilliant documentary.
critique3417 This is not a film to impress you with high budget high-tech shots fast camera movements or glimmering costumes thought by an overzealous and hungry director. But it's a film by a director who is also a very good photographer who has a very good sense of looking at things as a human not as an half-god unlike most of the directors. This is not a film in which actors and actresses try to give their best 'performances' with unreal or at best learned gestures and mimics. Rather it's a film in which they act as real as it can be. Actually they are not professional actors at all. The dialogues between the main characters their expressions their feelings are as real as they can easily be yours in real life. You tell the same lies to the people around you with the same regrets that you avoid to express with words. You show the same signs of nuisance to an unwanted guest. This is the same feeling of disconnection that you get in modern city life. And this is your chance to see yourself from outside impersonated by the main characters. I saw all of the films of Nuri Bilge Ceylan incl. his short film Koza (Cacoon) thanks to those who puts it in the DVD. Many would compare him with Tarkovsky Ozu and maybe Bresson or Bergman as he is emerging as a true auteur. And he is sincere in saying that his films are not to make money but to give a meaning to his life. That is the kind of sincerity you'll find in Uzak.
critique3418 This is the ultimate one-man show in which Eddie Murphy is at his very best. Just forget the Nutty Professor and the Distinguished Gentlemen this is the real Eddie Murphy. His imitations of Mr. T. (pretending he is gay) Michael Jackson and other artists are killers. I think it's also quite daring to make fun of artists who where really popular in that time. My favorite act is the one where he is at his annual BBQ with the family and plays his drunken dad and aunt Bunny who falls from the stairs.<br /><br />This show is the best medicine when you feel down ! If you watch the sequel 'Raw' don't be disappointed. It's quite good too but doesn't match 'Delirious'.
critique3419 although i liked this Westerni do have to sayit's not one of my favourite John Ford Westerns.for meit just lacks a certain something that most of his other films(the ones i have seen anyway)possess)i'm nit sure what that something is.it's not something tangible.anywaythe gist of the story is about a Mormon wagon train which is being used by a band of outlaws as a hideout from a pursuing posse.Ford employs a lot of his regulars here.there are some interesting characterssome nice scenerya bit of actionand excitement.it all adds up to a watchable experience.it's certainly not boring.just not quite up to the usual John Ford standard.for meWagon Master is a 7/10
critique3420 Originally supposed to be just a part of a huge epic The Year 1905 depicting the Revolution of 1905 Potemkin is the story of the mutiny of the crew of the Potemkin in Odessa harbor. The film opens with the crew protesting maggoty meat and the captain ordering the execution of the dissidents. An uprising takes place during which the revolutionary leader is killed. This crewman is taken to the shore to lie in state. When the townspeople gather on a huge flight of steps overlooking the harbor czarist troops appear and march down the steps breaking up the crowd. A naval squadron is sent to retake the Potemkin but at the moment when the ships come into range their crews allow the mutineers to pass through. Eisenstein's non-historically accurate ending is open-ended thus indicating that this was the seed of the later Bolshevik revolution that would bloom in Russia. The film is broken into five parts: Men and Maggots Drama on the Quarterdeck An Appeal from the Dead The Odessa Steps and Meeting the Squadron.<br /><br />Eisenstein was a revolutionary artist but at the genius level. Not wanting to make a historical drama Eisenstein used visual texture to give the film a newsreel-look so that the viewer feels he is eavesdropping on a thrilling and politically revolutionary story. This technique is used by Pontecorvo's The Battle of Algiers.<br /><br />Unlike Pontecorvo Eisenstein relied on typage or the casting of non-professionals who had striking physical appearances. The extraordinary faces of the cast are what one remembers from Potemkin. This technique is later used by Frank Capra in Mr. Deeds Goes to Town and Meet John Doe. But in Potemkin no one individual is cast as a hero or heroine. The story is told through a series of scenes that are combined in a special effect known as montage--the editing and selection of short segments to produce a desired effect on the viewer. D.W. Griffith also used the montage but no one mastered it so well as Eisenstein.<br /><br />The artistic filming of the crew sleeping in their hammocks is complemented by the graceful swinging of tables suspended from chains in the galley. In contrast the confrontation between the crew and their officers is charged with electricity and the clenched fists of the masses demonstrate their rage with injustice.<br /><br />Eisenstein introduced the technique of showing an action and repeating it again but from a slightly different angle to demonstrate intensity. The breaking of a plate bearing the words "Give Us This Day Our Daily Bread" signifies the beginning of the end. This technique is used in Last Year at Marienbad. Also when the ship's surgeon is tossed over the side his pince-nez dangles from the rigging. It was these glasses that the officer used to inspect and pass the maggot-infested meat. This sequence ties the punishment to the corruption of the czarist-era.<br /><br />The most noted sequence in the film and perhaps in all of film history is The Odessa Steps. The broad expanse of the steps are filled with hundreds of extras. Rapid and dramatic violence is always suggested and not explicit yet the visual images of the deaths of a few will last in the minds of the viewer forever.<br /><br />The angular shots of marching boots and legs descending the steps are cleverly accentuated with long menacing shadows from a sun at the top of the steps. The pace of the sequence is deliberately varied between the marching soldiers and a few civilians who summon up courage to beg them to stop. A close up of a woman's face frozen in horror after being struck by a soldier's sword is the direct antecedent of the bank teller in Bonnie in Clyde and gives a lasting impression of the horror of the czarist regime.<br /><br />The death of a young mother leads to a baby carriage careening down the steps in a sequence that has been copied by Hitchcock in Foreign Correspondent by Terry Gilliam in Brazil and Brian DePalma in The Untouchables. This sequence is shown repeatedly from various angles thus drawing out what probably was only a five second event.<br /><br />Potemkin is a film that immortalizes the revolutionary spirit celebrates it for those already committed and propagandizes it for the unconverted. It seethes of fire and roars with the senseless injustices of the decadent czarist regime. Its greatest impact has been on film students who have borrowed and only slightly improved on techniques invented in Russia several generations ago.
critique3421 I loved this show so much and I'm so incredibly sad its canceled i thought it came back too but just two stupid weeks. Thats terrible. i hate how we never find out how everyone ends up. it sucks. Bring it back! ABC has stupid shows like Supernanny and whatnot but doesn't give time to good ones like Six Degrees. If they're complaining about ratings it was probably because they had a bad slot because this was truly a good show something I could relate to and anticipated. JJ Abrams delivered he's awesome I wish ABC could just trust him enough to complete the story. I loved the entire cast too. I couldn't wait to see how everyone would someday meet each other at once. Everyone's story is now left incomplete now I'll never know if Steven and Whitney would get together or Carlos and Mae. I wanted to see what would happen to Laura or Damien and everyone else. This is really such a downer.
critique3422 Compared to the competition soul calibur 3 is a god amongst games- a true piece of art. However compared to its 128 bit predecessors the latest in namcos superior slash em up series is over ambitious- its attempts to improve on perfection isn't quite successful.<br /><br />There are new modes and game play tweaks that I commend for trying to elevate the series to new heights-but they just complicate things . Examples? Well the character creation mode is a great idea in theory but in actuality is full of restrictions and is no way as customisable as that found in the wwe games for example. The chronicles of the sword mode is fun and thought provoking for a little while but eventually drags on and feelslike a chore to earn money rather than a genuinely fun game. Also the tale of souls mode which is basically the arcade mode with little bits of inconsequential story and shenmue style QTR bits thrown in really feels slow.<br /><br />" OMG !!!YoU Don't kNoW WhAt yOuR SaYiNg" is probably what the more overzealous of you are thinking  but don't get it twisted-I don't hate this game-this game is great! Its still got that classic game play (although some characters moves have been needlessly changed)  absolutely stunning graphics and that epic soundtrack that the games are known for. And also on the good side of things are the new characters ( particularly zasalamel ) who are all cool in their own way (except setsuka-yes i know I'm nitpicking).<br /><br />Its just that compared to soul calibur 1 and 2 it feels like its trying to be much more than it actually is. That doesn't mean that its not a classic  it just means that compared to its own high standards it falls a bit short despite having more characters moves stages and better graphics than ever.<br /><br />Still soul calibur 3 wipes the floor with 95% of games out there though - and that counts for something! Oh and all those who mark this review as "unhelpful" clearly feel hurt that i insulted their darling setsuka. Well listen up fanboy/girl : SHE Ain't REAL ! And even if she was she wouldn't be caught dead with you.
critique3423 Set in 1962 Hong Kong (in turbulent times as we are informed) this extremely intimate story of a failed romance between a two married people tied to their traditions manages to recall the essence of old Hollywood in scene after scene of lush colors evocative yet restrained sensuality (as opposed of the requisite sexuality and occasional nude scenes which has become part of the norm of a romance in film) and the use of facial expressions to suggest subtle changes in mood or communication. It's not hard to see the influence of Marguerite Duras here since she is known for minimalism in storytelling as well as describing powerful drama using the art of verbal and non-verbal conversation between two characters with a strong bond as well as the use of re-enacting scenes that could eventually take place in both the characters' lives. From Hiroshima MON AMOUR to MODERATO CANTABILE her pen is strongly visible here from the moment we enter the cramped rooms of Mr. Chow (Tony Leung) and Mrs. Su Li-zhen (Maggie Cheung) to the last scenes which explain the intensity of regret that he feels as he recalls the opportunity which was lost in reaffirming this relationship.<br /><br />The plot even resembles something that Duras could have written: Mr. Chow and Mrs. Su Li-zhen neighbors in a tenement apartment while both being fairly successful professionals begin to discover in the most banal of ways that their spouses are cheating on them and they discover quite naturally it's with each other. The question is should they act upon what they also feel towards each other or not be like their partners? Every scene plays with the notion that at any moment they will give in to each other and at one point it is suggested that eventually they do though as intrusive as the camera is in detailing to us their encounters (which seem to occur on a daily basis as seen by the frequent changes of Cheung's dresses) we never see it. And just as not seeing either of their spouses heightens their own love story not seeing them carry through with their attraction makes the eventual separation even the more bitter because at every moment we want for something to happen -- some catalyst -- and the only one which comes is when Leung reveals to her that he loves her followed by his quietly brutal revelation that she will never leave her husband which implies that neither will he. It also gives us a glimpse of what culture and timing can do: from a Western point of view a consummation of their romance into a more solid lasting affair would have been possible especially in the 60s but as it's Hong Kong cultural values are markedly different.<br /><br />Performances here are of the high order: it's very easy to play a torrid love affair but to continually play a repressed platonic relationship that is brimming with desire only barely suggested is hard and makes all the sensuality more cerebral than palpable or visual. Cheung and Leung smolder and their blighted chemistry lingers long after the credits have rolled.
critique3424 This is unlike any other movie the closest thing I can compare it to is a Woody Allen film... But where as Woody Allen is constantly fathoming human foibles Bret Carr appears to be trying to figure out a way to get to grips with that one crippling insecurity that tends to define us for better or worse. In the Case of Lou it is the root cause of his stuttering which can be traced back to a singular child hood trauma that is revealed through flash backs.<br /><br />There are so many strangely neurotic people in the world and I believe they all deserve a chance for redemption although diversity of human character is after all what makes the world such an intriguing place so maybe we shouldn't fix our neurosis anymore than we should fix our noses or Breasts.<br /><br />This is an indie film shot on a long shoestring but the production values are tremendous as is the scope of the film. I feel like its a quirky Gem for the self-help market. I really look forward to seeing what this filmmaker does next i could imagine a career along the lines of Woody Allen or Albert Brooks although usually when a guy like this breaks through he goes off and makes " X MEN" and his humble quirky origins are soon forgotten or are they.... X Men is aout a bunch of freaks if i remember correctly :)
critique3425 Watched Uzumaki last night and right away was reminded of two early Peter Weir films from Australia The Last Wave and Picnic At Hanging Rock. They were films loaded with atmosphere but short on actual horror. Uzumaki to me seems clearly influenced by these films. It has a number of fairly mundane scenes that become more portentous the deeper you are sucked in by the film. It also has more scenes of outright horror and although I don't think the film actually measures up to those two films it is well worth the time of most thoughtful fans of the unusual (not necessarily horror). 7 out of 10 seems fair but I must say that years after seeing The Last Wave the film still stays with me and it is precisely Picnic At Hanging Rock's unresolved ending that makes it so haunting. p.s. All the people criticizing the acting... pullleasse...in this genre?
critique3426 This is a excellent series. You will laugh you will cry these wonderful people will be a part of your family. The way this family cares for one another and helps each other through their crisis sets a great example of the way we should live our lives. There are many good things they do and a number of bad choices but they never turn their backs on family they work through problems. Michelle the youngest daughter is the cutest thing I've seen. Stephanie the middle daughter suffers with Middle Child Syndrome and with the help of EVERYONE in the family it's better. DJ the oldest daughter is growing up whether her dad wants it to happen or not. One thing they all share is they miss their mom. Danny (Dad) Joey and Uncle Jesse love these kids so much and it's apparent in every episode.
critique3427 From the director of Oldboy comes this slick vampire flick. Kang-ho Song stars as a priest who is accidentally changed into a vampire while being cured of a deadly mysterious virus. His vampirism and priesthood are quite at conflict but he is able to survive by robbing the hospital's blood bank and unconscious patients who might not mind some siphoned blood. Because of his supposedly miraculous survival he comes into the lives of Ha-kyun Shin's family. Shin has cancer and his mother believes that Song can cure it. Unfortunately Song's vampirism raises his levels of lust to a height where he can't help but fall for Shin's young wife OK-vin Kim. Kim is intensely interested in the world of vampirism and the two become lovers. The film from there goes in weird directions that I think one should experience for themselves. What really should be mentioned is Chan-wook Park's mastery of the medium of cinema. My God I've rarely seen such a masterful visual artist at the peak of his powers. The major flaw of the film is that it's a little incoherent especially near the beginning. Park is interested in telling his stories mostly in the visuals which can be difficult to follow at times. But when it works man does it fly. The film is also perversely hilarious. The final sequence easily one of the best of the decade is simultaneously heartbreaking and delightfully ridiculous. OK-vin Kim should become a worldwide star after this film. She gives one of the best performances of the year.
critique3428 Born Again is a okay episode of Season 1. The reincarnation bit in my opinion is cool. The more I watch it the more I like it yet it will never rise above 'Very Good' for me. Even though it is not very memorable i'll always remember it as the reincarnation episode. Anyway now I will say what is good and bad about this episode<br /><br />The Good: Oragami. Oh Yeah!<br /><br />That Fish tank was nice. =<br /><br />Thrown out of a window. Very classy. x<br /><br />The Bad: Marry your Best Friend's wife!? O_O<br /><br />What a random pick to reincarnate.<br /><br />Why didn't the guy who died by having his scarf tangled up try to take his scarf off instead?<br /><br />Conclusion: Okay episode not very memorable. 7/10
critique3429 The version I saw of this film was the Blockbuster rental with a similar title but a swear word in it.<br /><br />This film was funny as hell. It was also true to the bone. If you have ever spent time in Hollywood or the area around it you will understand the humor. If not you may not 'get it' at all.<br /><br />The story of two people in the business struggling to make it until they finally reach a breaking point it is a rare gem. It states it is a drama but it is a drama as much as Deer Hunter is a comedy.<br /><br />Loren Dean is wonderful as always as a supporting actor. Jamie Kennedy was able to hold his own well. His performance is especically impressive during the poodle scene. The only downside was Carmen Electra but we can't have everything.
critique3430 I saw the film at the Brooklyn International Film Festival (World Premiere).<br /><br />A haunting intimate portrait of Loneliness and the repercussions of letting it grow and turn into something darker.<br /><br />The acting of the two leads (Jessica Bohl & Richard Brundage) is excellent and makes one wish you had met these characters before they became so damaged.<br /><br />Reminded me in theme of the works of Atom Egoyan (Exotica) and Raymond Carver (Where I'm Calling From).<br /><br />The Soundtrack (Tywanna Jo Baskette Crooked Fingers) is excellent and reinforces moments in the film without drawing attention to itself.<br /><br />Highly recommend the Film and the Soundtrack.
critique3431 If you keep rigid historical perspective out of it this film is actually quite entertaining. It's got action adventure and romance and one of the premiere casting match-ups of the era with Errol Flynn and Olivia de Havilland in the lead roles. As evident on this board the picture doesn't pass muster with purists who look for one hundred percent accuracy in their story telling. To get beyond that one need only put aside the history book and enjoy the story as if it were a work of fiction. I know I know that's hard to do when you consider Custer's Last Stand at the Little Big Horn and it's prominence in the history of post Civil War America. So I guess there's an unresolved quandary with the picture no matter how you look at it.<br /><br />There's a lot to take in here though for the picture's two hour plus run time. Custer's arrival at West Point is probably the first head scratcher riding up as he does in full military regalia. The practical joke by Sharp (Arthur Kennedy) putting him up in the Major's headquarters probably should have gotten them both in trouble.<br /><br />Ironically a lot of scenes in this military film play for comedy as in Custer's first meeting with Libby Bacon and subsequent encounters that include tea reader Callie (Hattie McDaniel). I hadn't noticed it before in other films but McDaniel reminded me an awful lot of another favorite character actor of mine from the Forties Mantan Moreland. So much so that in one scene it looked like it might have been Moreland hamming it up in a dress. With that in mind the owl scene was a hoot too.<br /><br />As for Flynn it's interesting to note that a year earlier he portrayed J.E.B. Stuart opposite Ronald Reagan's depiction of General Custer in "Santa Fe Trail" both vying for the attention of none other than Olivia de Havilland. In that film Reagan put none of the arrogance and flamboyance into the character of Custer that history remembers while in Flynn's portrayal here it's more than evident. But it doesn't come close to that of Richard Mulligan's take on the military hero in 1970's "Little Big Man". Let's just say that one was a bit over the top.<br /><br />The better take away the picture had for me was the manner in which Custer persevered to maintain his good name and not gamble it away on a risky business venture. That and his loyalty to the men he led in battle along with the discipline he developed over the course of the story. Most poignant was that final confrontation with arch rival Sharp just before riding into the Little Big Horn in which he declared that hell or glory was entirely dependent on one's point of view. Earlier a similar remark might have given us the best insight of all into Custer's character when he stated - "You take glory with you when it's your time to go".
critique3432 For his first ever debut this film has some riveting and chilling moments. In the best horror film fashion the pit of your stomach tightens every moment during this film. The ending is superb. The makers of Blaire Witch obviously watched this film it's ending wasn't an end but a beginning of the end. A great movie and only a piece of Japan's great as far as scare factor a perfect score it makes you think and scared out of your mind.
critique3433 I was to young to ever know much about prince but in the past few years I've seen a lot of Purple Rain Novelty Tee's and i thought they were cool but i didn't want to buy a shirt i knew nothing about. So one Saturday it came on fuse and i decided to watch it. I didn't know what the movie was going to be about before i watched it but it was great once i found out. In the movie prince wasn't known as prince but as "the kid". All the performances where great to me but my favorite were Purple Rain Darling Nicki and I would die for you. All the songs tied into what was going on through out the movie when his mother and father were always fighting the song when doves cried described what he was feeling. I also like how clever prince was with the way he flirted with Apallonia. I liked when Prince and Appallonia first met in the club and he stood behind her standing and then once she turned around he disappeared! great movie and now i cant even find one of those tee shirts :(
critique3434 A solid B movie.<br /><br />I like Jake Weber. His understated delivery is refreshing in a time of over the top performances. I liked the relationship between the father and son. I liked the family dynamics. The Wendigo looks silly but it is a representation of the kid's toy and the dead deer. It's an amalgamation like see? This is a psychological story not a Freddy slash em up instant gratification flick. Watch it and reflect on your inner child and what the movie might have to say to you and you'll be fine.<br /><br />Nice work.
critique3435 Feels like an impressionistic film; if there is such a thing.<br /><br />The story is well told very poetic. the characters well developed and well acted by the interpreters (or interpreted by the actors :)).<br /><br />The film delights in its own sumptuous emotions at times and works well unless you hate such emotion in movies - not so in my case.<br /><br />It's a very humanistic film.<br /><br />The landscape and even the extraordinary situation of the displaced cook are very poetic in their own right.<br /><br />Well done.<br /><br />A good classic for any good film collection.
critique3436 This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It has very good acting by Hanks Newman and everyone else. Definitely Jude Law's best performance. The cinematography is excellent the editing is about as good and includes a great original score that really fits in with the mood of the movie. The production design is also a factor in what makes this movie special. To me it takes a lot to beat Godfather but the fantastic cinematography displayed wins this contest. Definitely a Best Picture nominee in my book.
critique3437 This is the first 10 out of 10 that I've given any movie. What made this movie so good for me? Constant action - there isn't any slow parts great acting smart writing. I also liked the filming style where the shakiness and different angles just made it feel like you are a part of the scene. Finally I get to see an action movie that doesn't try to please all sectors of the public (i.e. there's no forced romance).<br /><br />I liked the first two Bourne movies but I loved this one.<br /><br />Warning - after watching this movie you will be full of adrenaline and you may want to calm down a bit before driving your car!
critique3438 I just re-watched 08th MS Gundam for the 2nd time. It is so much better than Gundam Wing. I can't wait to get the DVD and see what was edited out of the series. This is great to see the Gundams actually move about clumsily through the land. Somebody really thought over writing this move script.<br /><br />See this today.
critique3439 Human Traffic is a view into an average weekend for a group of friends it is a fly-on-the-wall view into their lives (and minds) which will show you how this group of friends relate to each other. There are many moments in that every one can relate to Like being out of you skull at parties and talking complete rubbish to strangers. The characters are all people that you can relate to and they are believable in the roles that they play in the movie. The situations that they are in are all situations that we all have found ourselves in and that is where this film succeeds. The topics of sex and drugs are handled superbly as to no get in the way of the characters relationships with each other. The story to the film is not all that but that is not a criticism. This is a film about people. This is a well written film with a sound track to die for. D.J's Pete Tong has put together an superb selection of tracks for this file which all goes to make this one of the best films that I have seen in 1999. After watching this film I felt like I had been out partying all weekend. Fantastic Movie! Jo Brand as the voice of reality - Need I say more!<br /><br />
critique3440 Though I saw this movie years ago its impact has never left me. Stephen Rea's depiction of an invetigator is deep and moving. His anguish at not being able to stop the deaths is palpable. Everyone in the cast is amazing from Sutherland who tries to accommodate him and provide ways for the police to coordinate their efforts to the troubled citizen x. Each day when we are bombarded with stories of mass murderers I think of this film and the exhausting work the people do who try to find the killers.
critique3441 Guys and Dolls is a unique play based on the characters. Sky Masterson<br /><br />(Marlon Brando) is a high-class gambler who takes up a bet with Nathan Detroit (Frank Sinatra) for one-thousand dollars. Nathan needs the money so he can<br /><br />run his usual crap game and make a fortune. The bet was that Sky wouldn't be able to take just any girl to Havana Cuba and the "doll" he chose was Sarah<br /><br />Brown (Jean Simmons) who was in charge of a missionary. Sky finally bribes<br /><br />Sarah enough to go to Havana with him. They end up falling in love with each other but later she accuses him of something he had no part in. Nathan ran a crap game in the missionary the night they were gone. Nathan's 14 year fiancÃƒÂ© Adelaide (Vivian Blaine) disapproves of Nathan's gambling and tries to stop him from doing it. However when the movie ends it all ends happy with a double<br /><br />wedding.<br /><br />The songs in this movie are just wonderful no matter who sings it. Marlon<br /><br />Brando has no singing voice at all and true they could have dubbed him but it didn't really matter. He did a wonderful acting job (obviously seeing as it's Brando) and played his character very well. I have seen a few movies with Jean Simmons and thought that this movie was her weakest one she also couldn't<br /><br />sing at all. However the singing is made up by Frank Sinatra Vivien Blaine and Stubby Kaye. Vivien Blaine and Stubby Kaye was also in the original<br /><br />Broadway production of Guys and Dolls. Vivien Blaine had a terrific voice and was the perfect Adelaide. If you like musical and even if you don't i advise you to watch this.
critique3442 I have lost count of how many reviews I've written on Slaughter High. I've read a lot of bad ones and I will say right now this is a fantastic movie. Simon Scuddamore made his fame in a short time for his well known suicide and even though this was his only film he is what made the movie so great. At first I did not know anything about Simon until I read a review about his suicide. Then I found out due to the current webpage at www.IMDb.com he was born in 1957 in Dayton Ohio. Simon may have played the most pathetic character known to man but his real life self certainly had their strenghths and weaknesses. He did a good acting job who can disagree? I always wondered how he felt showing himself naked in a movie. Must have been pretty embarrassing to say the least. I first saw this movie when I was 12 in the sixth grade. I agree with some pointers like the girl would not take a bath after somebody was murdered and that high schools do NOT have bath tubs! I think Caroline Munro who was 36 at the time was the only other star that had any dignified acting talent and unfortunately for Simon's death he made no future films. The reason(s) for his suicide are a mystery and hopefully will be discovered in the near future. Doing the math on his webpage it tells you he was 29 years old when he made Slaughter High. He looked like a teenager. I give this film two thumbs up the best horror film made. Probably because of their horrible acting the others didn't make fame in the movie business. -Jacob Young
critique3443 I have copied my video of this on to DVD so that I can enjoy it whenever I like and it makes a very successful (and rare) wedding present as well! This is just an absolutely wonderful adaptation of a much loved novel. Everything about it is just perfect and it has aged amazingly well. There is always a chance with something this old that it might appear a bit creaky next to more modern dramas but 'Precious Bane' more than holds its own.<br /><br />The quality of the acting is amazing with Janet McTeer making a superlative Prudence and a young Clive Owen stomping around as the taciturn Gideon Sarn. <br /><br />I challenge anyone to watch the final sequence without at least sniffling a little at the sheer romance of it all. It is the perfect film to watch when it is cold outside and you are snuggled up on the sofa.<br /><br />I really can't recommend this highly enough.
critique3444 A Guy Thing may not be a classic but it sure is a good funny comedy. The plot focuses on Paul (Jason Lee) who wakes up the morning after his bachelor party with no memory and Becky (Julia Stiles) lying naked in his bed. Before he can figure out what happened he rushes Becky out of his apartment because his fiance Karen (Selma Blair) is coming. After that as you could imagine chaos ensues.<br /><br />Almost every single scene in "A Guy Thing" delivers loud laughs. The funniest moments come from when Paul imagines what could happen if he tells Karen. Selma Blair is a truly talented comedian and the worst thing about this film is that she goes underused. Although she turns out to be more funny than Stiles' character who actually isn't that interesting. Of course not every comedy is perfect.<br /><br />As I said "A Guy Thing" is no classic but it's not bad either 7/10.
critique3445 From the beginning of the film I found myself laughing trying to keep quiet so I did not wake anyone in the house this didn't continue so much throughout the rest of the film I didn't find everything completely "laugh out loud" funny but still I found certain things quite funny. At the beginning I had to hold in laughter when he drops the very crafty looking Hand Grenade down his sleeve. Then there are scenes where you will just smile like when the Barber falls through a roof into someones apartment I can see that being quite funny but in todays days and time that has been done quite a lot it didn't feel original though at the time I'm sure it was. I loved Hynkels (Hitlers) bursts of raging German with the nice subtle English translation.<br /><br />The final scene is wildly discussed because well it's absolutely true and so very intelligently constructed. Though the film is sixty eight years old the final scene is still relevant today if this doesn't show how great a writer Chaplin is then I don't know what will. The acting in this scene in particular was quite good the Barber transcended the message perfectly and makes you realise the serious nature of the film at the same time enjoying the humorous side.<br /><br />Another element about this film is the fact that this was such a brave film that almost feels ahead of it's time. Of course Chaplin did not know what was going to happen after 1940 he was not aware of the Holocaust (obviously) he's also gone on record as to saying if he had of known he would not of made this film. The fact this film is so anti-Hitler is interesting it's more interesting that it wasn't anti-Germany which would be very easy to have done back in those times Chaplin could of easily made this a propaganda film but instead did something more he made an honest film.<br /><br />I recommend anyone remotely interested in this film to see it as well those who has studied or is studying Hitler and WWII to watch this film. It's entertaining to say the least it doesn't have an annoying out-dated feel that some films of the time did. Unlike most "comedies" this film actually has a message it tries to bring to you watch this film you will be better off for having seen it.
critique3446 I caught this filmshow about the most unlikely success? from a lower league football team. The plot is thick and roles out some great tenuous twists and turns. Intercut with shots and commentary from the 70's .I was taken aback by its shear footy fun.<br /><br />A great cast includes the excellent Tim Healy as the crazed(drunk) manager  bumbling along hanging on to anything that will make his team win...? I keep remembering bits such as the stolen secret file that Don Revie( Super leeds united and england manager-loved by the fans hated by everyone else)has on Bostock United ( the underfelt men) which in its detailed report of their opposition Bostock United in this the FA Cup final merely says "Sh-te".<br /><br />Lots of other footy gags a long time before the fantastic feature length "Mike Basset - Football Manager" Starring Ricky Tomlinson.<br /><br />Up there with the Gung ho English beating Germans at football. Well morally.Although the score lines says different  of "Escape to Victory" ( I still cheer when England score )<br /><br />And the thankless eternal grind of following a really bad team in Micheal Palins "Golden Gordon" from "Ripping Yarns" series ( with Terry Jones)the team were called Bostonworth United in case your interested.<br /><br />I've looked high and low for a copy of Bostock's Cup-even Nick Hancock's biography doesn't list it ( probably someone -not mr hancocks- error)<br /><br />Play it again or sell me a copy- PLEASE....
critique3447 I have watched this movie countless times and never failed to be charmed by it's homely simplicity sincerity and goodness. Great characterizations by all of the cast and the lovely little steam trains that play a such an important supporting role.I confess I fell in love with Roberta in 1970 and she still touches me today. Shown on TV in New Zealand on Christmas day the nicest present I could have had.
critique3448 I've been waiting since last October to see this film! (it was supposed to come out October '98) and now I've finally seen it I am not disappointed. Bloody marvellous! OK it was a tad slow in the beginning but once it got going it's a very exciting nail-biting tense Robert Carlyle is so different from either Gaz in 'The Full Monty' and Begbie in 'Trainspotting' ) that it's hard to recognise him! And Johnny Lee Miller no longer with his Sick Boy from 'Trainspotting' blond hair plays his dashing gentlemen highway man with the right about of humour and sensitivity that it is easy to see why Liv Tylers Rebecca falls for him. A great film. As Hades in Disney's 'Hercules' would say: "Two thumbs way way up!!"
critique3449 IMDb lists this as 1972 for some reason but the other sources I've seen including the excellent program notes mark it as '68. Doesn't really matter except that it's quite interesting to watch this abstract collage of film and video (one of the first art works to merge the two apparently) in the context of the Star Gate sequence in 2001 released the same year. Pure abstraction isn't really my thing but I can take it in small doses and the super-saturated optically printed colors and psychedelic feel of this series of flowers Rohrschach blots birds etc is pretty compelling and quite beautiful. Certainly helped paved the way for many other nascent video artists in the 70s and deserves to be better known.
critique3450 Cult film-maker Corbucci's rarest of his thirteen Spaghetti Westerns (of which I'm only left with WHAT AM I DOING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE REVOLUTION 1972 to catch) is one I only became aware of fairly recently via Marco Giusti's "Stracult" guide; it's an atypically bleak genre gem in the style of the director's own masterpiece THE GREAT SILENCE (1968) complete with desolate snowy landscapes.<br /><br />Johnny Hallyday the French Elvis Presley whom I first saw in Jean-Luc Godard's DETECTIVE (1985) is a curious but highly effective choice to play the loner anti-hero Hud (who like Clint Eastwood's The Man With No Name from Sergio Leone's celebrated "Dollars Trilogy" is fitted with a steel-plate armor for protection); incidentally I had 'met' Hallyday's stunning daughter Laura Smet at the 2004 Venice Film Festival but was distracted by the presence of her esteemed director Claude Chabrol! Gastone Moschin is another curious addition to the fold (serving pretty much the same function that Frank Wolff did in THE GREAT SILENCE) but acquits himself well and is amusingly clumsy in the presence of a bathing Francoise Fabian; the latter then plays a greedy nymphomaniac of a banker's widow who seduces all and sundry in the pursuit of her goals. Sylvie Fennec has the other major female role as a farm girl looked after by Hallyday and who at one point is entreated into Free Love by 'hippie' Apache Gabriella Tavernese (with this is mind it's worth noting that the movie features surprising but welcome bouts of nudity from both Fabian and Tavernese)! Incidentally the anachronistic addition of a bunch of long-haired youths (who also engage in dope-smoking and revolutionary talk) is a somewhat half-baked attempt at contemporary relevance Ã‚Â– but it all eventually adds to the fun (besides even the black barmaid sports an Afro hairdo!).<br /><br />Mario Adorf too enjoys himself tremendously with the smallish role of a larger-than-life Mexican bandit nicknamed "El Diablo" Ã‚Â– who keeps a youthful biographer constantly by his side (an element which may have influenced Clint Eastwood's UNFORGIVEN 1992) and at one point challenges the captive Moschin to a head-butting duel! Having mentioned this the film also contains one very unusual 'weapon of death' Ã‚Â– as Hallyday disposes of an adversary by kicking the cash-register of the saloon into his face! As always the enjoyably fake fistfights are accompanied by over-emphatic sound effects; equally typically for the genre however the wistful score by Angelo Francesco Lavagnino emerges a most significant asset. Actually the ambiguous ending is entirely in keeping with the film's generally somber tone Ã‚Â– after Fabian's comeuppance at the hands of the locals the hippies (who had previously idolized Hud) suddenly turn against him when wounded and terrorize the town (forcing everyone on the street and unclothed)Ã‚Â…but the unflappable gunman manages to lift himself up to meet their challenge (they however scurry away at the prospect of facing him!) and then rides out of town leaving Fennec behind.<br /><br />In conclusion I acquired this via a good-quality Widescreen print in Italian albeit with French credits and the occasional lapse Ã‚Â– about one minute of screen-time in all Ã‚Â– into the French language (where apparently the original soundtrack wasn't available).
critique3451 I found this movie thought-provoking and its ambiguity refreshing in a world of quick-fix films where we are manipulated into loving the "good guy" and hating the "bad guy." Scott Cohen a very handsome television actor does a great job of portraying the family black sheep/lost child who aspires to gain his father's love and respect as well as that of his widowed sister-in-law with whom he apparently has a history. Judd Hirsch plays against his usual good guy image as a father who triangulated his sons and now is left with the one he always rejected.<br /><br />When I saw this at the Tribeca Film Festival I was enchanted by the lovely way the sawdust was used to portray a family tradition as explained by the director.<br /><br />This is a fitting successor to the classic "Ordinary People." I just realized Judd Hirsch was in that too!
critique3452 My favorite "Imperialism" movie and one of the best action-adventure flicks of all time. Grant McLaglen and Fairbanks dominate the screen with daring-do and wise cracks to please all but the most "PC" of film goers. Memorable scenes abound -- the 3 sergeants and their 20 sepoys fighting off hundreds of Thugs; MacChesney & Cutter giving Bobby Coote the spiked punch ("save some for the elephant"); Cutter to MacChesney -- "I'm an expedition"; Din breaking Cutter out of jail with a fork ("what do you think I'm trying to break out of? A bleedin' pudding?!) And the incredible temple scene with Cutter singing and then annoucing bold as brass -- "All right you're all under arrest!"<br /><br />I could go on but suffice it to say I try to catch this film whenever it is on. For armchair adventurers and generals it's hard to imagine a better 2 hours.
critique3453 I seriously love this film so much I never get sick of watching it. The only line I really can't stomach in this is when Riff calls herself a teenage lobotomy but other than that everything else is perfect. I've never been a fan of PJ Soles and it didn't help to hear that she didn't even know who the Ramones were until she filmed this movie but I can ignore her snarly little face for the most part. Most people who watch this over and over are fans of the Ramones and really.. that's the only reason I love it so much. I never get tired of seeing DeeDee mess up his Pizza lines or Joey mess up the name of the teacher over and over haha. One of the best parts of the film is seeing them sing do you want to dance  down the halls of the high school.. I love it. The special edition DVD has a good retrospective surprisingly PJ Soles isn't on it. Maybe she was working on another project *laugh* Anyway great film even better if you're a Ramones fan.
critique3454 Kay Pollack (the man behind this movie) is a real great man who tries to share his life philosophy in different ways. He has written a bunch of good and well written books about how to control your senses and keep your soul happy. The message in most of his books and this movie is about that your thoughts in fact is what causes your problems and that the reason of your anger hardly ever is caused of what you think of. The main message is that you can choose to be happy but hardly ever do that.<br /><br />To watch this movie and learn something very important on life you have to keep your mind very open and L I S T E N to all the "hidden messages" (or guidelines to get through life) which most of the parts in this movie contains if you listen and watch. Watch it with your ears.<br /><br />You won't learn the meaning of life but you'll learn how to live and get the most out of it...<br /><br />So while watching please keep in mind:<br /><br />"The mind is like a parachute it doesn't work unless it's open!"
critique3455 Admittedly I know nothing about baseball I'm not even a fan of the sport but that didn't stop me enjoying the Farrelly brothers' latest film Fever Pitch a charmingly irreverent romantic comedy. The film is not really about baseball; rather it's really about relationships and the emotional disconnectedness that can often take place.<br /><br />Jimmy Fallen Ã‚Â– giving his best performance to date Ã‚Â– stars as Ben a dorky lightly nerdy schoolteacher. Ben is a kind of man-boy who unfortunately has never really grown up and he fosters an almost fanatical addiction to the Red Sox baseball team. Ben has devoted his life to the Sox and does everything from making the pilgrimage to Florida for spring training to decorating every square inch of his apartment in team paraphernalia.<br /><br />One day while taking his honors geometry class to on a field trip to her office Ben meets the go-getting Lindsey (a wonderful Drew Barrymore). Lindsey is a corporate career orientated kind of girl but she has a kind of cuteness that Ben finds totally endearing. He's initially hesitant to ask her out thinking that she's way out of his "class" and Lindsey doesn't immediately see a potential partner in Ben.<br /><br />Their first date gets off to a disastrous start when Lindsey is stricken with a severe case of food poisoning Ã‚Â— and her resonant retching provides the first clue that we are in fact watching a Farrelly brothers movie. Rather than accept Lindsey's - rather urgent - request to reschedule Ben sticks around to play nurse orderly and janitor. So Ben scrubs the toilet and the dog's teeth while his love interest is passed out with a bucket next to her bed.<br /><br />When Lindsey wakes up in the morning and finds him asleep on her couch she begins the long fitful process of dismantling the web of status anxiety and ambition she has come to think of as her standards. Soon they are falling in love with Lindsey blithely accepting Ben's fanatical devotion to his sport.<br /><br />Having inherited choice season tickets from his beloved uncle Ben has organized his life around the season Ã‚Â— he's never missed a game. But their relationship which has progressed without a hitch throughout the winter hits a snag at the start of the season.<br /><br />Lindsey wants Ben to do other things like holiday with her parents and party with her friends but Ben begins to have trouble modulating his interest to meet Lindsey halfway. Can Lindsey consent to his irrational devotion to the boys of summer in order to make their relationship work? Can she really accommodate Ben's infatuation with sports? Can a die-hard and nerdy Red Sox fan find true love after all? Of course Lindsey and Ben come with a colorful assortment of opinion-wielding friends. Lindsey's strictest buddy the skinny rich and blond Robin (KaDee Strickland) insists that there must be something wrong with the guy if he's still single at 30. However plump curly-haired Sarah (Marissa Jaret Winokur) and Molly (Ione Skye) supply a more optimistic and positive view of Ben.<br /><br />Ben's eccentricity could be applied to virtually any obsessive sports fan while Lindsay's frustrations could be representative of any upwardly mobile career driven woman. Fallon is terrific as Ben exhibiting real big screen potential overcoming the not-insignificant challenge of keeping Ben from being unsympathetic. Barrymore meanwhile is equally charming as the workaholic Lindsey particularly as she struggles to accept Ben for who he is without losing sight of her own needs.<br /><br />Fever Pitch really works and even though there are lots of inspired comedic moments the movie is also addressing the serious problem of sports addiction and how difficult it can be for couples to negotiate this fragile territory.<br /><br />Much of the movie was filmed at Boston's Fenway Park which adds a fine sense of authenticity to the proceedings as well as the ambiance of the games though fully appreciating what transpired with the team will probably be limited to baseball aficionados. Even so Fever Pitch is blessed with such a finely wrought and intelligently funny script that even novice baseball fans will find much with which to connect. Mike Leonard September 05.
critique3456 I enjoyed the film very much especially the performance of the exceptionally beautiful Gong Li as the concubine.<br /><br />It was a little distracting however to have Chinese dialogue PLUS English subtitles PLUS American-accented voice-over even though the voice over was very well synchronised.<br /><br />Qin shi huiang di's (The First Emperor of Qin's)family name was Zheng and his given name Yiong so in the English he should have been referred to as "King Zheng" or "Emperor Zheng" and NOT as "King Ying Zheng" as in those days the two family/given names were not used together.<br /><br />The State of Qin is pronounced "Chin" not "shin" - a pity the researchers didn't get this right.<br /><br />I forgave this but was dismayed at the end when the commentary announced that he was buried at "Zai-an" together with his terra cotta warriors. The town Xi'an is pronounced "See-an"  never "Zai-an"- surely the American voice-over speakers could have got that right !
critique3457 I'm not a follower of a certain movie genre. I classify movies only as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial movie of the director Jamie Blanks after his Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends the screenplay and the story line is very weak. Yet again unlike Urban Legends the basic elements of the movie is so dashing and iconic and that is what makes Valentine the best. <br /><br />As the first basic and iconic element the growing hatred of the serial killer is so down-to-earth. Since his secondary school years he has grown up with his wounds he had accumulated in his soul against his classmate girlfriends who have made fun of him. When you concentrate enough on this first element while watching the movie you will come to see this point of view of Humanism: "Noone is entirely good or evil. In fact somebody known as evil can be secretly kind hearted." Just because the story line and the direction is very weak we are not as satisfied as we deserved. <br /><br />The second iconic element is of course the magnificent togetherness of the late 90s' super starlets: My favourite is Jessica Cauffiel who is killed within the coolest way to be killed. An arrow shot from a bow broaches her tummy and stays stuck in while she was playing hide-and-seek with her blind date never able to met with. Katherine Heigl is the first starlet getting killed in a biology laboratory while trying to hide under human body models lying on the surgical operation tables. Denise Richards is killed third while she just found a Valentines' Day gift for her at a whirlpool bath. Jessica Capshaw is killed last in a confidential and unseen way then she is calumniated to be as the serial killer. Marley Shelton is the unluckiest one with a vicissitude of fortune that she is going to be killed within the most confidential way that we will never know 'cause the movie is coming to an end before she is getting killed. Finally Benita Ha is the luckiest one since she was not a classmate of the serial killer David Boreanaz.<br /><br />The third and the last iconic element is the soundtrack from the blind date labyrinth scene the Valentines' Day celebration at Dorothy's house scenes and ultimately the killing themes. Everybody has loved the soundtrack as far as I know. Hard Rock never suits better within a serial killer-mystery movie.
critique3458 Tonino Valerii's "Il Prezzo Del Potere" aka. "The Price Of Power" is an excellent and enthralling Spaghetti Western that mirrors the Kennedy assassination. A great leading performance by Giuliano Gemma and an excellent score by Luis Bacalof are just two of the many reasons to watch this movie.<br /><br />In 1881 Texas is divided into those who appreciate the abolition of slavery and just want to live in peace and those who after 16 years still want to reinstall the confederacy. In spite of warnings President James Garfield who wants to establish a new policy of equality decides to visit Dallas where corrupt law enforcement officials are planning his assassination. Bill Willer (Giuliano Gemma) and two of his friends a black man named Jack Donovan (Ray Shaunders) and a crippled guy named Nick (Manuel Zarzo) are determined to prevent the President's murder. <br /><br />Since James Garfield was not assassinated by racists who wanted to reinstall the confederacy in Texas but in Washington DC by mentally unstable Charles Guiteau the storyline of "Price Of Power" is of course historical nonsense. Since the movie however doesn't claim historical accuracy but tries to allude to the 1963 Kennedy assassination in Dallas the fact that the story is fictitious is legitimate. <br /><br />Giuliano Gemma delivers an excellent performance as the main character Bill Willer Benito Stefanelli is great as the villainous and corrupt Sheriff Jefferson. Some other good performances are those of Ray Shaunders as Bill's black friend Jack Warren Vanders as Arthur McDonald the president's adviser and Fernando Rey as Pinkerton a villainous rich businessman. The Score by Luis EnrÃƒÂ­quez Bacalov is great the cinematography and locations are great and (such as in Valerii's earlier "Day Of Anger") remind a lot of Sergio Leone for whom Valerii used to work as an assistant director for "A Fistful Of Dollars" And "For A Few Dollars More". <br /><br />All said "Il Prezzo Del Potere" is after "Day Of Anger" another excellent Spaghetti Western that shows both the great talent of Giuliano Gemma as an actor and Tonino Valerii as a director. "The Price Of Power" is a must-see for Spaghetti Western fans and I also highly recommend it to everybody else. 8/10
critique3459 I have seen this movie twice and it's theme is an invigorating one. I have been into computers for many years now and this movie inspired me in a technologically sense as does a fresh love which stoked the furnace of my poetic passion in the heat of infatuation. Very original ideagreat allurement in the way it holds you as it tells it's story to minds that need a release from the every day realities of this life.
critique3460 Sure it may not be a classic but it's one full of classic lines. One of the few movies my friends and I quote from all the time and this is fifteen years later (Maybe it was on Cinemax one too many times!) Michael Keaton is actually the worst actor in this movie--he can't seem to figure out how to play it-- but he's surrounded by a fantastic cast who know exactly how to play this spoof. Looking for a movie to cheer you up? This is it but rent it with friends--it'll make it even better.
critique3461 I love this movie. It was one of my favorite movies. The action never stops. The whole movie was done very well. The ending is really good. Ontop of it being action filled they even have a surprised put in there for you. When i saw what the movie was about on the internet i was kind of not sure if i wanted to see this movie but sense i am such a big Luke perry fan i decided to give it a chance. I am glad that i did give it a chance because this was a very well though out movie. It was very original. Whoever thought up this movie gets a standing ovation from me. The acting was great. Luke Perry did an excellent job once again. I give this movie the highest rating.
critique3462 If you have trouble suspending disbelief then this isn't for you. Consider: a woman already in late middle age finds a newborn baby in a cabbage patch and raises it as her own. Think about it; she makes no attempt to locate the mother who may well be a confused teenager in need of medical treatment and seemingly no one from the Italian equivalent of Social Services makes any attempt to put the baby into 'care' (no Social Services? now I KNOW it's a fantasy). Before you know it young Toto is ten or so and his adoptive mother dies leaving him to the orphanage from which he emerges a HAPPY man who loves everybody. In nothing flat he has not only given his suitcase to the man who stole it from him but organised the local homeless into bona fide Shantytown residents and for an encore he leads them in a fight against capitalism in the shape of the businessman who buys the land on which the Shantytown stands when oil is discovered there. This wants some swallowing without the subsequent 'miracles' beginning with Toto's dead mother (the old lady who raised him rather than his biological one) appearing to him and handing him a dove which doubles as a magic wand allowing him to grant modest wishes and a finale in which the hobos fly away to a better place located presumably somewhere over the rainbow.<br /><br />On the other hand the film is up to here with Charm and is easy to surrender to. On balance a small masterpiece.
critique3463 Not entirely sure how I stumbled upon this movie but I'm so glad I did. Initially we were put off by the fact that it was subtitled but even my dyslexic brother who hates to read (especially at the weekend) enjoyed this film. I found the script fantastic and the way it was delivered in such a dead-pan manner only added to the puddles of pee on my sofa. Not entirely sure whether it's quite so funny to the native Danish as the comedy seems to be enhanced by the tonelessness of the subtitles and the ambiguity of the translation. I haven't watched many Danish films (or any for that matter) but judging by this film I'm guessing they're not constrained by the same political correctness as elsewhere (gawd bless 'em) making the character of Eigel a breath of fresh air because let's face it special needs are funny. There are so many great one-liners in this film it puts American sitcoms to shame.
critique3464 This video was my first introduction to the Residents and I couldn't stop playing it for the past three days. The visuals are dynamite and more inventive and technically complex than any I have ever seen on the big screen or small.<br /><br />The DVD loses points however for the pointless addition of new music. The original Residents music is unlike anything else you've ever heard and will really tweak your brain in the best possible way. The new music however is uniformly uninteresting and in most cases is rather bad in comparison to some of the classic tracks. Also the uncompleted Vileness Fats video feels VERY incomplete and I could only fathom the plot of the story from extensive reading of the notes on the disc.<br /><br />Speaking of notes on the disc this DVD features lots of cool easter eggs that will probably appeal to long-time fans of the Residents. Hint: look for icons on the notes pages that shouldn't be there.<br /><br />From a technical standpoint the disc is one of the best DVD transfers available. There is virtually no observable pixelization and only a little edginess in strong contrast points.<br /><br />Kudos for a top notch presentation. This disc really deserves your attention.
critique3465 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3466 Of all the breakdancing / hip-hop films released between 1983 and 1986 the 1984 film Beat Street is unquestionably the best one. The story follows a DJ his younger breakdancing brother a graffiti artist and a wanna-be showbiz promoter through one winter in which they try to break out of the ghetto using their "street" talent. The acting isn't always up to par and the characters aren't fully drawn out but they are more than compensated for by down-to-earth dialogue a plausible story fantastic dancing sequences and a timeless hip-hop sound track. It should be noted this film was shot in the birthplace of breakdancing ("This ain't New York this is the Bronx!") and features appearances by the fathers of breakdancing dance troupe Rock Steady Crew and rapper Afrika Bambaata. Rock Steady Crew provide the best scene in the film when they dominate a dance battle at the premiere breakdancing club of the early 80's the Roxy. A must see for hip-hop lovers.
critique3467 I love this movie. At first I didn't expect much of this movie since I didn't hear anyone talk about it and it seemed like it went on video soon after it had just opened in the theatres. I also didn't think David and Minnie would make a good on-screen couple. (I've expected a lot out of on-screen couples since I saw "You've Got Mail" and "Sleepless in Seattle" with Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan.) Personally I think Joely Richardson should've played Minnie's part and vice versa. I don't know I just think Joely should've stayed in the movie longer with David. They seemed perfect for each other. But it just figures that in a movie the girl next door always gets the guy. :) (Like in "While You Were Sleeping".) I was very wrong though. This movie was fantastic!!! Everything was done brilliantly. Bonnie Hunt did a great job of directing. The lines were perfect with the wise cracks everywhere.<br /><br />***WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD!!!***<br /><br />I love how everything intertwined with each other. For example in the beginning Elizabeth and Bob were talking about going to Italy and in the end Bob meets Grace in Italy. Sydney (the ape) doing the hand thing with Grace like he had done with Elizabeth is an example too.<br /><br />***NOTICE: SPOILERS END NOW!!!***<br /><br />One thing I didn't like about the movie was it was a little unrealisitic. Well I just don't think a man could get over his wife in a year when she was the only woman he had ever been with his entire life. You'd think he'd isolate himself from the world for years before even coming out of his house to talk someone. Instead he goes on a blind date a year later and falls *instantly* in love with a woman he's never seen in his life but feels a connection with.<br /><br />Over all it was a splendid movie. It had me crying two or three times and it had me laughing countless times (the scene in the restaurant with Bob's picky date for bottled water was hilarious!). It is definitely up there with great romantic-comedies like "You've Got Mail" "Sliding Doors" and "While You Were Sleeping".<br /><br />GO RENT IT TODAY!!
critique3468 Utterly brilliant. Powerful and evocative. The most compelling documentary series ever made concerning war. It's tone offers a stark contrast to the often gung-ho attitude towards World War 2 that the media exhibits. Rather than opting for screaming about the horror of war it allows Sir Laurence Olivier's quiet voice to take a back seat to the true images of war: corpses everywhere explosions terrified citizens and soldiers broken men indifferent politicians mistakes that cost thousands of lives the suffering of the innocents. Most of all it truly brings home that mankind is capable of when all normal rules of "civility" are removed. There is something distinctly Hobbesian about man in a true state of nature he will return to a more beastly form capable of crimes that will still shock and fascinate 60 years on. Perhaps there could be a follow up series called "The century at war" for the twentieth century was truly the century of horrors. I feel it is an irony of immense magnitude that it took an event which caused the death of 50 million people to produce such a compelling and excellent series such as this.
critique3469 OK this movie is stupid. I mean that in a good way though.It was stupid on purpose and was one of the better "stupid" movies I've seen. The jokes and gags are purposefully bad but delivered in a way that it struck all the right notes with me. The supporting characters were pretty shallow and mediocre. There is a pretty weak plot but it works just fine.<br /><br />Elvira's character is the focus here.She is lovable and adorable.Cassandra Petersen has a world of acting talent that just glows in this movie.On top of that acting talent she had physical attributes which were frankly stunning. Few men could disagree with that. The parts that show off her figure were also some of the funnier scenes in the movie.<br /><br />I had a smile ear to ear from the first scene to the last.<br /><br />Highly recommended to fans of comedy and to fans of beautiful women. I wish they had made a dozen more Elvia movies.
critique3470 I guess I wasn't sure to what to expect from this film it had a good cast an interesting story line and a bunch of other things going for it but I still couldn't shake a feeling of dread that I had in my stomach about what it would be like. I am glad to say that I was very pleased with the result and regret worrying about it all along. The films opening scenes were extremely intriguing and were enough to sustain early interest in the film. As the film progressed we were introduced to the characters of the film as well as what happened in the prison riots. Like most reviews for this film I have to admit that there is some unessecary cliches but it can't erase the overall power of this film that reads like a good novel. The cast are all great particularly Chestnut and McGowan and the film ranks as one of the better made-for-tv films of this year. Certainly worth watching if you are looking for a good courtroom drama.
critique3471 The movie held my interest mainly because Dianne Keaton is my favorite actress. I disagree with some of the other posts on the grounds that the plot was not convoluted. I had no trouble following it (maybe some people had too much eggnog the night before). The movie was very sad and touching as well. What more do you want? Alexa Davalos is a fine new talent (beautiful too) and Tom Everett Scott does an excellent job with his part as well. The relationship of the mother and daughter may have been a bit unrealistic but the behavior of the young people in the movie was not. It was tragically sad but enlightening. It sure beat the other shows that were on TV New Years Day evening
critique3472 Someone reviewed this movie as a "waste of time" because he/she was expecting the "beautiful scenery of Brazil and Portugal" but then everything looked "washed out" or gloomy or something to that effect. I believe this person missed the entire part of the film. This is reality. The point of this movie is to show that life is not indeed ideal and to show what people go through in their lives for family love and survival. A young man leaves his slum in Sao Paolo Brazil to go to Portugal to visit his mother's home country after her death. He discovers that not everything is free and that Brazilians are looked down upon by native people from Portugal. He eventually finds a life a love but the story does not end as expected and this is not a "fairy tale" story. The part that got me most was the ending song "Zeca Bailero (Honey Baby)" by Gal Costa. It fit so well with the movie; especially the ending.
critique3473 Story about three eclipse (maybe even Indigo ha) children beginning their love for murder. Oh and the people who are "hot" on their trail.<br /><br />Bloody Birthday a pretty mediocre title for the film was a nice lil surprise. I was in no way expecting a film that dealt with blood-thirsty psychopath kids. And I may say it's also one of the best flicks I've seen with kids as the villains. By the end of the movie I seriously wanted these kids to die in horrible fashion.<br /><br />It's a really solid 80s horror flick but how these kids are getting away with all this mayhem and murder is just something that you can't not think about. Even the slightest bit of investigation would easily uncover these lil sh!ts as the murderers. But there seems to be only a couple police in town well by the end only one and he seemed like a dimwit so I suppose they could have gotten away with it. Haha yeah and I'm a Chinese jet-pilot.<br /><br />Nevertheless this movie delivered some evilass kids who were more than entertaining a lot of premarital sex and a decent amount of boobage. No kiddin! If you're put off by the less than stellar title dash it from your mind and give this flick a shot. It's a very recommendable and underrated 80s horror flick.
critique3474 Stage adaptations often have a major fault. They often come out looking like a film camera was simply placed on the stage (Such as "Night Mother"). Sidney Lumet's direction keeps the film alive which is especially difficult since the picture offered him no real challenge. Still it's nice to look at for what it is. The chemistry between Michael Caine and Christopher Reeve is quite brilliant. The dynamics of their relationship are surprising. Caine is fantastic as always and Reeve gets one of his few chances to really act.<br /><br />I confess that I've never seen Ira Levin's play but I hear that Jay Presson Allen's adaptation is faithful. The script is incredibly convoluted and keeps you guessing. "Deathtrap" is an enormously entertaining film and is recommended for nearly all fans of stage and screen.<br /><br />7.4 out of 10
critique3475 As a huge baseball fan my scrutiny of this film is how realistic it appears. Dennis Quaid had all of the right moves and stances of a major league pitcher. It is a fantastic true story told with just a little too much "Disney" for my taste.
critique3476 I liked the movie but it should have been longer. The actors did a great job. Portia De Rossi is a fabulous actress and Kristoffer Polaha is a hottie. He didn't look like John at 100% but he did favor him from a distance. I look forward to seeing more of him on the big screen. He didn't have john's charisma but he definitely has a charm about himself. He has beautiful eyes and a great smile. He reminds me of my boyfriend alot. Ms. Bissett was just too breathy for me. She should have that asthma checked out. Im not going to comment on the Darryl Hannah character. My mom always said "If ya can't say anything nice then shut the hell up!" so that's what Im gonna do.<br /><br />Molly
critique3477 The SF premise isn't unique (although it pretty much was back then) but the focus is a completely different one than in other artificial reality films. Especially during the first part it is an elaborate crime picture that uses the SF premise to tell an unusual crime story in which the forced detective tries to solve a mystery with the obstacle of vanishing characters and unhelpful witnesses who don't have to lie to be unhelpful. Instead of an unreliable narrator we have an unreliable world.<br /><br />In part two we follow the main character's struggle for sanity and it turns more into a psychological examination of a character in an extreme situation. He knows his very existence is nothing more than electrical impulses how does he deal with this knowledge? He knows that there is a world that is more real than his but he is trapped in an artificial world a world where nobody can understand him. The problem of thinking of knowing something essential about the world that nobody else knows or wants to believe is a very real one that many of us can identify with. For me the film transports this hopelessness very well with its dreary artificial atmosphere which also supports the factual artificiality of the film's world.<br /><br />Other than 'The Matrix' or 'The Thirteenth Floor' it's little concerned with evoking a sense of awe for its artificial reality plot instead it very much focuses on the psychological aspects. Philosophy is only in so far interesting in that certain philosophical concepts are essential in how they shape and alter the character's perception of the world.<br /><br />Arguably it is longer than it has to be (which isn't a problem if you are as captivated by it as I was) and part 2 runs pretty low on steam.
critique3478 This is an entertaining "history" of the FBI but it should be viewed as fiction because that's exactly what it is. What else could it be when J. Edgar Hoover personally approved and had a cameo role in the production. James Stewart is excellent as usual and the supporting cast except for the talentless Vera Miles is good. Murray Hamilton is especially good in a supporting role as Stewart's partner and best friend. The FBI accomplishments that the film highlights are undoubtedly all true. What is significant is what it leaves out.<br /><br />One of the most shameful parts of the film is the depiction of the killing of John Dillinger. It is portrayed pretty much as it happened but no mention at all is made of Melvin Purvis the Chicago Bureau Chief who headed the operation. Instead the operation is depicted as if the fictional Chip Hardesty were running it. It has been said that Hoover was jealous of the publicity that Purvis received after Dillinger was killed; Purvis was subsequently transferred to a remote outpost and shortly afterward left the FBI. This is no doubt why Purvis was never mentioned in the film. But this viewer at least paused to think that if Purvis was treated this way what about all the agents who conducted all the other operations depicted in the film. Were they also completely ignored and replaced by the fictional Hardesty.<br /><br />The film is probably accurate in its portrayal of FBI activity up through the end of WWII. However after that point the film would have us believe that the only threat facing the US came from international communism which is no doubt what Hoover believed. Never mind the Mafia. Never mind the lynchings that were still going on in the South. Never mind that blacks were being intimidated to keep them from voting in much of the South. I don't know if the FBI had started wiretapping Martin Luther King by the time this film was made but if not it wasn't very long afterward that it started.<br /><br />As I said at the outset this is pretty good entertainment but it should be viewed as the sanitized fictionalization that it is.
critique3479 This movie brilliantly captures the atmosphere of a D&D group. While watching I could not help but notice how vividly characters reminded me of myself and my gaming friends to the point where they acted literally the same as we do. Including the bickering the fighting the internal jokes driving the DM crazy. EVERYTHING.<br /><br />It has it all. Jokes that made me cry action scenes which even filmed in low-budget I found uncannily awesome. The story is pretty straightforward and unsurprising but that doesn't really matter since the best part of the movie is to see the characters react and interact with each other and the NPCs.<br /><br />Seriously if you're playing D&D or any similar RPG I cannot stress this enough WATCH THIS MOVIE it captured beautifully the spirit of D&D.
critique3480 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3481 I'm not sure what I can add that hasn't already been said in some of these other fine and quite hilarious comments but Ill try.<br /><br />So you know the plot: there is a bed possessed by a demon that "absorbs" and selectively disintegrates the bodies of whoever (or whatever) lays on it with its orange soda-filled body. We have the man in some scenes looking uncannily like Robert Smith of The Cure hanging out inside the wall commenting on the goings-on and we have our various victims that just cant resist the comfort of this mystical bed.<br /><br />This is no ordinary bed. No sirree Bob! Not only does it eat people but it cleans up after itself draws the covers back and it even makes itself. Who wouldn't want a bed like that? It can even use its sheets as a rudimentary "lasso" to wrangle escaped victims back in (especially if they're taking up half the length of the film to try and escape).<br /><br />Our "main" story (if you can call it that) is about these three girls who go out to this remote area to house-sit(??). I don't recall exactly but it doesn't really matter though as there are plenty of things that defy convention that you just have to give in and accept. The dialogue in the film is like no other; the characters talk to each other seemingly by telepathy as their mouths never seem to move and there is a constant echo. One of our girls believes she isn't liked by the rest of "the gang" and makes sure to tell us all her feelings on this matter through an echoey voice-over but we don't care; character development was thrown out the window a LONG time before in this film so why start now? There are scenes when the bed laughs snores crunches and makes various other noises that we assume judging by our cast's non-reaction to said noises cant be heard. This and the telepathy makes the issue of diegesis very difficult to ascertain...but thats OK....this is Death Bed: The Bed That Eats and it defies all logic so its OK. It makes for a lush dreamy quality to this most bizarre film If you buy (hehe buy...did I say "buy"?) this DVD make sure to check out the introduction by the director. He explains that the filming of this "flick" started in 1972 didn't wrap up until 1977 he shopped it for a few years with no luck and then fast forward 26 years to 2003 it gets released on DVD. Supposedly someone somewhere had a print of this in some other country and made bootleg after bootleg of it and it was quite by chance on a message board no less that our director found evidence that people knew and gasp! cared about his little-known film. Its from there that he decided to give it a shot and release it. I'm glad he did. Once you've even so much as heard the title to this film you MUST see it. I for one am going to buy this and I'm going to preach its gospel around the world...starting with this comment
critique3482 Carly Jones (Elisha Curtberth) her bad boy brother Nick (Chad Michael Murray) her boyfriend Wade (Jared Padalecki) and her friends Paige (Paris Hilton) and her boyfriend Blake (Robert Richard) and Dalton (Jon Abrahams) travel to another city to watch an important game. They decide to camp in a field halfway and proceed their journey on the next day. However the fan belt of Wade's car breaks and he stays with Carly to buy a new one in a close town where there is a house of wax. When they arrive in the place they realize that the place is a ghost town and two deranged former Siamese brothers have transformed people in wax statues.<br /><br />I liked this "House of Wax" indeed a worthwhile teen horror movie. The story follows the standards of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and other slash movies and it is well made has a good team of actors and actresses and special effects and the death scenes are amazing. Even if the movie were not good watching the sexy and delicious Paris Hilton is worth. My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "A Casa de Cera" ("The House of Wax")
critique3483 I have to say that I know the documentaries of Mister ÃƒÂ–rnek and so I knew that I will get a very well made piece of movie documentary. I was not disappointed. As a history nerd - I did saw hundreds of documentary and liked the different approach of this work.<br /><br />The Director and his 17 Consultants (historians Veteran families) tried to access the reality of the gallipoli through the letters of solders from both sides. So the history is followed by British Australian and Turkish soldiers.<br /><br />Narrated is this docu by Jeremy Irons and Sam Neill - both boost the intensity and emotionality of this documentary by their great voices.<br /><br />I saw this film in a cinema in italy in Dolby Surround. I did buy the DVD last year and will wait again 3-7 years for the next work of this talented director and his very good documentaries.<br /><br />Summary: Well made. Intense. History with emotions - wrapped in a war documentary with great narrators
critique3484 This movie is not for everyone. You're either bright enough to get "it" or you're not. Fans of sci-fi films who don't take themselves too seriously definitely will enjoy this movie. I recommend this movie for those who can appreciate spoofs and parodies. Everyone I've recommended this film to has enjoyed it. If you enjoy Monty Python or Mel Brooks films you'll probably enjoy this one. The voice characterizations are done in a tongue-in-cheek manner and the one-liners fly fast and furious.
critique3485 Never viewed this film and enjoyed the singing and dancing by Cagney and the other cast members namely: Dick Powell (Scott Blair) who had a great tenor voice and Ruby Keeler (Bea Thorn). James Cagney plays the role as Chester Kent who writes musicals and eventually goes into producing Prologues which are shown in between the feature films shown in movie theater's during the 1930's. Chester has trouble with people trying to steal his ideas for his shows. This is a very entertaining film with lots of comedy and plenty of laughs. Joan Blondell (Nan Prescott) gave a great supporting role who was also very young and pretty. Dick Powell was great as a singer and dancer and just starting out with his long and successful screen career. Enjoy.
critique3486 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3487 I read the above comment and cannot believe it! Of course its a children's movie its an adaptation of a children's book!! This film IS easy to get a hold of try play.com or amazon and its very easy to gain a copy! The jokes are hilarious for kids and adults alike and the adventure is clean with no violence! Its completely suitable for children of all ages! The songs are fab and yes a little repetitive but thats what children need and whilst watching it my little ones were heard singing "hi hi cocalorum" all night! They loved it a story of innocence and friendship! Very lovely and well worth watching for kids and adults of all ages!
critique3488 In the 1980s in wrestling the world was simple. Hulk Hogan would take on Roddy Piper or Bobby Heenan's cronies or Ted DiBiase and come out victorious more often than not. Occasionally he would get an ally like Randy Savage in 1988 but mostly it was all about Hulk Hogan vs Bobby Heenan and that's the way it should be.<br /><br />But on this night that was about to change a new champion a man who the WWE thought would be their man for the 90s was crowned. It didn't work out. But the WWE was right about one thing: Hulkamania was finished and a new order needed to be established.<br /><br />This historic Wrestlemania the first to be held outside America kicked off with Rick Martel defeating Koko B Ware. Koko never really had a lot of luck at Wrestlemania and was taken down in short order here.<br /><br />Next up the Colossal Connection Andre the Giant and Haku put their tag team titles on the line against Demolition Ax and Smash and lost. New tag team champions crowned.<br /><br />Next match saw Earthquake defeat Hercules. Hercules was another fellow who didn't really have a lot of luck at Wrestlemania. Plenty of luck for Brutus Beefcake as he ended Mr Perfect's undefeated streak. Well I guess someone had to end it.<br /><br />Roddy Piper and Bad News Brown fought to a double count out in a slow but fun match next up the Hart Foundation defeated Nikolai Volkov and Boris Zhukov in 19 seconds. Not really a match unfortunately. The Barbarian then defeated Tito Santana in a short match.<br /><br />The American Dream Dusty Rhodes and Saphire then defeated the Macho King Randy Savage and Queen Sherri in a messy mixed tag match. This was the only female wrestling really going on in the WWE at this point of time.<br /><br />Next up was a fun match as the Rockers Marty Janetty and Shawn Micheals defeated The Orient Express in a fast paced encounter. There were a lot of good tag teams at this point in time. Jim Duggan then beat Dino Bravo in a nothing match.<br /><br />Next Ted DiBiase put his most cherished possession the Million Dollar Championship on the line against Jake Roberts. Roberts was distracted by Virgil and counted out allowing Ted to retain his title in an entertaining match and one of the longer matches on the show.<br /><br />Next up the Twin Towers collide as the Big Bossman defeats Akeem in short order this is followed by Rick Rude winning a short match with Jimmy Snuka.<br /><br />Finally we come to the main event with Hulk Hogan putting the WWE Title on the line against Intercontinental Champion The Ultimate Warrior. This is an entertaining back and forth match won by the Warrior after Hogan missed a leg drop. The crowd was extraordinary and the match was a great spectacle.<br /><br />And so the torch was passed but would the Ultimate Warrior prove to be the Champion the WWE hoped he would be?
critique3489 This film gave me nightmares for months and I'm 17. This is the scariest movie ever made! That is no exaggeration!! I saw this movie at school in English lessons and no one else was scared which amazed me. After reading other reviews I'm glad I'm not the only person who found this so scary!!
critique3490 With all this stuff going down at the moment with MJ i've started listening to his music watching the odd documentary here and there watched The Wiz and watched Moonwalker again. Maybe i just want to get a certain insight into this guy who i thought was really cool in the eighties just to maybe make up my mind whether he is guilty or innocent. Moonwalker is part biography part feature film which i remember going to see at the cinema when it was originally released. Some of it has subtle messages about MJ's feeling towards the press and also the obvious message of drugs are bad m'kay.<br /><br />Visually impressive but of course this is all about Michael Jackson so unless you remotely like MJ in anyway then you are going to hate this and find it boring. Some may call MJ an egotist for consenting to the making of this movie BUT MJ and most of his fans would say that he made it for the fans which if true is really nice of him.<br /><br />The actual feature film bit when it finally starts is only on for 20 minutes or so excluding the Smooth Criminal sequence and Joe Pesci is convincing as a psychopathic all powerful drug lord. Why he wants MJ dead so bad is beyond me. Because MJ overheard his plans? Nah Joe Pesci's character ranted that he wanted people to know it is he who is supplying drugs etc so i dunno maybe he just hates MJ's music.<br /><br />Lots of cool things in this like MJ turning into a car and a robot and the whole Speed Demon sequence. Also the director must have had the patience of a saint when it came to filming the kiddy Bad sequence as usually directors hate working with one kid let alone a whole bunch of them performing a complex dance scene.<br /><br />Bottom line this movie is for people who like MJ on one level or another (which i think is most people). If not then stay away. It does try and give off a wholesome message and ironically MJ's bestest buddy in this movie is a girl! Michael Jackson is truly one of the most talented people ever to grace this planet but is he guilty? Well with all the attention i've gave this subject....hmmm well i don't know because people can be different behind closed doors i know this for a fact. He is either an extremely nice but stupid guy or one of the most sickest liars. I hope he is not the latter.
critique3491 If you know anything about the Manhattan Project you will find "Fat Man and Little Boy" at least an interesting depiction of the events surrounding that story. The film is in all ways a very realistic portrayal of these events and in many ways it is almost too real (such as some scenes involving radiation poisoning). Paul Newman as usual is brilliant in his role and always manages to come off like a real person on the screen. The supporting cast such as John Cusack Laura Dern Bonnie Bedelia and Natasha Richardson is fairly good as well. This film is not however one of the best examples of turning a true story into a movie. Great films are able to take a true story and use just enough artistic license to keep its audience engaged for the entire movie. This one however tends to drag a bit throughout and some scenes (such as John Cusack and Natasha Richardson's love story) could have been eliminated entirely without causing the film to lose much. Nevertheless there are enough interesting facts and tiny humorous bits to at least keep the audience interested enough to see the entire film. It does not always entertain but as far as great depictions go this is very accurate fascinating and will leave the audience with something to think about.<br /><br />*** out of ****
critique3492 Having grown up in New Jersey and having spent many a day and night on the gritty streets of New York in the 1970's watching a film like "The Seven-Ups" or its kindred spirit "The French Connection" always evokes fond memories of a time and place which for some might have been NYC's darkest hour but which for me in my early twenties was always one fun-filled adventure after another. I truly miss those times. As one reviewer remarked "This film very aptly captures the stark cold matter-of-fact feel of the NYC winter season while keenly exposing the underbelly of the region's infamous underworld of crime and policing. A great snapshot of a place and a time and a culture.". A spot-on characterization of both the film and the city. The stellar attributes of this film -- the plot the cast the characters and of course the car chase -- are amply described in many of the reviews here so I won't go into that except to say that one of my favorite moments occurs during the car chase when the camera focuses on Richard Lynch riding shotgun to the maniacal Bill Hickman. The look of horror on Richard Lynch's face along with the defensive gestures are so out-of-character for an actor much better known as a source of terror rather than an object of it that it is actually comical to watch. I get a chuckle out of it every time.
critique3493 With a simplistic story and an engaging heroine this was the horror movie that started it all. John Carpenter brings to life a nail-biting nightmare on Halloween night when Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis in her debut career defining role) and her mischievous friends plan a night of sneaky fun- only to cross paths with a relentless psychopath from hell. <br /><br />Michael Myers has escaped from a nearby insane aslyum...having slaughtered his sister fifteen years earlier he is now back in Haddonfield the sleepy Illinois town where his murder took place. Once he sets his eyes on Laurie after she drops off a package to the abandoned house where he lived he begins to stalk and terrorize her turning her night of fun into terror as he picks off anyone in his path to get to her.<br /><br />Beautiful cinematography and lighting really make this moody horror flick scary... with the long gloomy shots it constantly feels as if you're being stalked by the maniacal serial killer himself. Myers is hidden well until fully revealed at the exciting conclusion.<br /><br />Although "Halloween" is certainly outdated it is by no means less chilling. The idea alone is goose bump inducing and this little shocker is one of the most famous and memorable horror movies ever made to this day... it spawned seven sequels and eventually Rob Zombie's equally scary remake and it set a new standard for horror that still exists today.
critique3494 This is actually a trilogy of 3 of Somerset Maugham's short tales. The first one is The Verger which is about 15 minutes long and very enjoyable. After 17 years Albert Foreman is laid off from his church job because he can't read nor write. So what does he do? Opens a tobacco shop of course!<br /><br />The second is Mr. Know-All which was actually a story I had read for school 6 years ago and instantly forgotten until I heard the familiar introduction. Another 15 minute one and also very good. It worked better on film than in a book for me but then perhaps that's because I was only 14 the last time afterall.<br /><br />The 3rd one is nearly a let-down. Almost an hour in length it simply drags. It's not all that bad but not as quick and snappy as the last 2. I watched the first quarter hour of it and then skipped forward to the last quarter hour and found that it still made sense and really I hadn't missed a thing!<br /><br />Overall I give them 8 9 and 6 out of 10 respectively.
critique3495 I really enjoy this movie. The first time it was on Turner Classic Movies. All the actors did very well but Brynner steals the show again like always ( he is so sexy!).This is one of the movie that you do see Brynner's emotions. Actually this movie this is the first I ever seen him laugh because he plays very strong larger-than-life and serious roles in other movies. In this movie you see both a masculine tough and sensitive side of Brynner .Brynner seems to be a "ladies'man" in this movie.That is amazing how Brynner eats the glass cup and speaks in his Russian tongue it drives me crazy in love. I don't understand when both Brynner and Kerr ( they both have very good chemistry) stars in a movie together and then Brynner always die at the end it kind of reminds you "The King and I" in a way.
critique3496 If you're OK with the outlandish work of Italy's premier horror directorÃ‚Â—able to accept his outrageous story lines and flamboyant styleÃ‚Â—then you should have a great time with Opera. If you don't then you won't.<br /><br />Cristina Marsillach plays Betty a beautiful young opera understudy who is given a shot at fame (in an avant-garde production of Macbeth) when the star of the show is hit by a car. As any thesp who has 'trod the boards' will know Macbeth is a production that carries a curseÃ‚Â—and Betty soon discovers that the show in which she is now the star is no exception: a killer is systematically offing the staff at the theatreÃ‚Â—and poor Betty is forced to watch by the sadistic murderer (who tapes needles under her eyes to prevent her from closing them!).<br /><br />With the help of a little girl who crawls through her air-conditioning ducts her director and agent and a few ravens who have seen the murderer's face (!!!) Betty discovers the killer's identity and the truth about her mysterious past.<br /><br />Let's face it... Opera is one crazy film with its preposterous plot-turns convoluted death scenes and an ending that beggars belief. And whilst director Dario Argento has never been one for shall we say conventional story lines this particular giallo is so daft and features so many of his trademark stylish touches (all ramped up to the max) that it's almost as if with each successive film he is seeing what he can get away with (at times almost parodying his earlier work).<br /><br />This is exactly why I find the film such fun!!!<br /><br />Argento's camera movements are absolutely incredible: gliding creeping and in one amazing scene even swooping around the opera house above the audience; the power of Verdi's music is combined perfectly with the synth majesty of Claudio Simonetti's score providing a suitably grandiose accompaniment to the sumptuous visuals; and several outstanding set-pieces (featuring Sergio Stivaletti's nauseating gore FX) go to prove that no-one does death better than Argento (check out one character's stunning demise in which a bullet passes through a spy-hole in a door in slow motion and straight into their eye!).<br /><br />7.5 out of 10 rounded up to 8 for IMDb.
critique3497 What is "Cry Freedom" like? It is simply great and unique experience about making of South Africa and how black people in that country were repressed by white people. Main character of the story is Donald Woods (Kevin Kline) chief editor of the newspaper Daily Dispatch in South Africa. Woods writes several articles where he speaks critically about views of Steve Biko (Denzel Washington). Soon Woods meets Biko and he changes his views about him and he also begins to understand what authorities are doing to black people in South Africa (right from the top even from the chief of police). When Biko dies in police custody Woods decides that he have to write book about him and that no matter what he has to publish it. But Woods must escape from his country to get that book published and he must also put his family on second place so world can find out the truth.<br /><br />Attenborough managed to make a good movie about people with main message that black and white are the same cause we are all people. Story leads us to South Africa and this (movie) is great way for the whole world to learn what happened in that land and I'm disappointed that only 3200 people rated this movie. This is movie from which we all can learn something. Although it is a bit long this story couldn't be presented in any shorter way because director wanted to show us how hard was for Woods to get that book published after death of Biko. <br /><br />Also relationship between Woods and Biko was shown great just like families of those two people and all the problems they are going through. But sometimes sacrifices must be made (Biko's death) so the truth could be reveled (Woods book).
critique3498 While it's not "perfect" it's close. Love Barbara Stanwyck SZ Sakall Sidney Greenstreet Dennis Morgan Robert Shayne (Superman's police chief) the housekeeper the waiter at Restaurant Felix and the judge......I can go on and on. This movie has been part of my family's holiday tradition since I was a youngster and my children grew up with it too! "The baby swallowed the watch" was always my son's favorite line.<br /><br />Sexy Barbara Stanwyck in pants and gowns stole the show along with the cuddly funny S. Z. Sakall. Dennis Morgan has a few great songs too.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie and suggest you skip the remake (blah).
critique3499 The movie was a suspenseful and somewhat dark look at the severe results of a genuinely human mistake. Connery and Fishburne work very well together in this thriller about murder and redemption. Keep your boots on for the strange turnaround at the end of the movie...you'd never expect it!
critique3500 Perhaps the deepest cartoon made in the USA "Duckman" runs short at 70 episodes in four seasons.<br /><br />Unlike the often innocuous criticism found in "The Simpsons" (a pretty good show in its own right) and the rude-for-rudeness-sake humour in "South Park" every bit of this series follows a plan. The criticism of US society from its mercantilism to its selfishness carries much more bite than it does in any other animated series.<br /><br />The cultural references in "Duckman" also tend to be obscure sometimes (anyone browsing the fan sites will realize most have not even been caught). In that it is different from "The Simpsons" which usually uses pop culture instead of the high-brow stuff often hidden in "Duckman." As other people writing about it notice there is a growth in the characters (Bernice Duckman and Cornfed). Also by making the main character not just an offensive neurotic but in fact someone who is living a personal tragedy (as is made clear in episodes like "The Once and Future Duck" ('You'll love her until the end of your days...') and in "Bev Takes a Holiday" (when he takes a chance to tell Beverly all those things he couldn't tell Beatrice) the series is anchored in a deep sense of reality.<br /><br />One can't avoid feeling sorry for him and his lucid madness.<br /><br />All in all in my opinion the best cartoon ever made in the USA and one of the best series ever. I doubt it will ever be on DVD though. Far too many things the Duck said make much more sense today.
critique3501 Though Cher and Cage are the focal points of this story Gardenia and Dukakis are good counterparts for them- this is where Loretta and Ronny will be in 50 years- still in love. The whole cast does a nice job from Aiello to John Mahoney- it shows a real slice of life. Though I saw this long ago- I am glad it finally catapulted Cage to the place where he was recognized in Hollywood for his talent. From the music to the scenes at the opera to the kitchen table arguments- this is a very entertaining movie.
critique3502 Other commentators have detailed the plot and the social parables and commentary as well (or better) that I could but I would like to join in my admiration for this little jewel of a film. It holds up very well indeed more that 50 years later in every category - screenplay acting photography set design sound design...it really is a classic of sorts. This was my first exposure to the "young" Alec Guinness and it's obvious from the first frames what made him so special as to eventually receive a knighthood. <br /><br />I only rate it an "8" because it's essentially a rather lightweight parable that examines human nature but doesn't really skewer it; and because the plot takes the easy way out at the end rather than actually resolving conflict between the inventor and the mill workers and industrialists who are chasing him all over town. Also a couple minutes of thought reveals the basic flaw in the logic of the screenplay - wear and tear is hardly ever the determining factor in buying new clothes (especially dress clothes); children grow up people change sizes gain and lose weight and go with the latest fashions all the time and have as long as looms have woven cloth. And if nothing else the manufacturer would make a fortune providing indestructible material for military uniforms (especially BDUs). <br /><br />Still this is a great film. If you get a chance to see it on a classic movie channel you should.
critique3503 Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who makes art out of the least "artful" objects imaginable. Everyday items such as crates boxes metal containers etc. - items which most of us perceive as utilitarian at best and dismiss as being utterly without aesthetic merit - are instead converted into glorious objects d'art by Burtynsky's camera. He achieves this result by focusing on the recurring colors and geometric patterns that are apparently ever present in the industrialized world - for those perceptive enough to spot them that is. Even heaps of compacted trash can become objects of beauty when seen through Burtynsky's lens (but didn't we already know that from "Wall-E"?). He is particularly interested in photographing areas like mines and shipyards where Man has already made incursions into nature - which may explain why at times even the people in his pictures (i.e. the workers in those places) with their uniform clothing and robotic movements become part of the industrial landscape.<br /><br />"Manufactured Landscapes" a documentary about Burtynsky's work has much of the feel of a "Koyaanisqatsi" about it as it dazzles us with its richly variegated kaleidoscope of images and patterns. Indeed director Jennifer Baichwal and cinematographer Peter Mettler capture the essence of the original photos in purely cinematic terms as their own camera records Burtynsky and his assistant running photo shoots at a factory in China a dockyard in Bangladesh and the construction site at the massive Three Rivers Gorge Dam project in China. With their fluid camera-work the filmmakers match point-for-point the beauty of Burtynsky's images. In fact the movie opens with a stunning eight-minute-long tracking shot of a Chinese factory in which hundreds of similarly dressed workers toil away in perfectly symmetrical and color-coordinated rows.<br /><br />The movie does less well when Burtynsky gets around to articulating the "themes" of his work which quite frankly come out sounding confused contradictory and decidedly half-baked at best. But it is as a purely aesthetic experience highlighting image and form that "Manufactured Landscapes" resonates most. In the case of Burtynsky perhaps a picture really IS worth a thousand words.
critique3504 It was life-changing IT REALLY WAS!!!The Man In The Moon is a breathtaking experience to watch.The acting was fabulous the story line was great and this was a perfect start for Reese Witherspoon's career.I don't see how anyone couldn't love this film.Sure it's not the best movie ever even though it was close to it but it was highly amusing to watch and I even had a big laugh at one of the jokes and a lot of other little laughs.Of course there was some cry your heart out moments too but this movie was enlightening and it brightens up your day although you have to get a little depressed from the story every now and then.I can't believe this movie didn't win at least one award and I also can't believe that it's been seen by so little people on this site.See this movie if you haven't for it is definitely touching.
critique3505 The location of the shop around the corner is precisely stated at the start of the film Balta Street in Budapest but it could really be in any place. The small number of sets reflect a middle European design but it could be a shop around any corner. The film is not about Budapest or the retail leather goods business but about the ups and downs of love reflected in most of the main characters.<br /><br />Alfred Kralik and Klara Novak are sparring partners at work but their anonymous letters to each other are full of hope and aspiration and romance and the story unwinds to bring these two aspects together beautifully. Hugo Matuschek the owner of the shop is having trouble with his wife she only a voice at the end of the phone. Ferencz Vadas has a secret affair. Ilona Novodny has a gentleman friend who buys her fur garments. Mr Pirovitch's life is centred around his wife and children. Pepi Katona 'plays Santa Claus' to a girl at Christmas. You even sense that quiet Flora Katchuck while staying at home with her mother dreams of someone.<br /><br />The script is a masterpiece of comedy and drama. It moves effortlessly from scene to scene. It is one of those quiet films that repays looking at again and again simple yet profound. The dialogue reflects the character speaking which is not common these days. <br /><br />All the acting is magnificent. Even the minor characters like the waiter in the cafe and the policeman in the street are perfect. James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan play off each other perfectly. He was really getting into his stride as an actor then and gives a sweet and sharp performance. Margaret Sullavan was a terrific actor and under appreciated these days. Some of her other films are worth catching. As Mr Matuschek Frank Morgan is amazing. His moment of truth is very moving. Gold stars all round to the performers.<br /><br />It is a well worn phrase that they don't make them like they used to (The vague re-make 'You've Got Mail' was dire) but in this case it is true. The director Lubitsch is not in farce mode thankfully but delivered a classic film of spirit charm and warm humanity.
critique3506 What's with all the negative comments? After having seen this film for the first time tonight I can only say that this is a good holiday comedy that is sure to brighten up any lonely person's day. When I saw that Drew (Ben Affleck) might end up spending the holidays alone I wanted to cry. You'll have to see the movie if you want to know why. Also even though I liked Tom (James Gandolfini) and Alicia (Christina Applegate) after awhile if you ask me they were real snobs. However this film did make me smile and feel good inside. Before I wrap this up I'd like to say that Mike Mitchell has scored a pure holiday hit. Now in conclusion I highly recommend this good holiday comedy that is sure to brighten up any lonely person's day to any Ben Affleck or Christina Applegate fan who hasn't seen it.
critique3507 I was surprised at how a movie could be both cheesy and excellent at the same time. The Frisbee flying saucer was naff beyond comprehension especially when landing yet the specially effects when the Krell attacked were awesome for a film that was made over half a century ago! Living in the middle east I saw shades of Islam creep in when JJ Adams suggested Alta should dress more modestly and as an engineer was amazed by the imagination used for the 'futuristic' gadgets and gizmos dreamed up by the props department. All in all an entertaining hour and a half my first time seeing Walter Pidgeon and a chance to see Leslie Neilsen as a 'young' man
critique3508 Johnny and June Carter Cash financed this film which is a traditional rendering of the Gospel stories. The music is great you get a real feel of what the world of Jesus looked like (I've been there too) and June gets into the part of Mary Magdalene with a passion. Cash's narration is good too.<br /><br />But....<br /><br />1. The actor who played Jesus was miscast. 2. There is no edge to the story like Cash puts in some of his faith based music. 3. Because it is uncompelling I doubt we'll see this ever widely distributed again.<br /><br />I'd love to buy the CD.<br /><br />Tom Paine Texas USA
critique3509 I used to love watching this. I had no idea it was part of a larger series. I must have been 6 or so at the time it was on TV. I just thought it was funny and for some reason I had a deep fascination for something that was clear that was in the president's pile of bathtub toys. My parents had taped this off of TV when it originally aired on NBC. The tape even had the old Sanka coffee commercial along with a few others. I'm planning on returning home sometime soon and will try to record the tape onto my computer so that those who want a copy can do so. If anyone of you would like to contact me I think you can do that through the IMDb site feel free. I will keep you updated and let you know when I have the show in a digital format.
critique3510 William Faulkner was one of the American writers to win the Nobel Prize in literature. Faulkner mostly wrote about life in the South particularly during the depression years. Many of his stories have been adapted to screen. Short stories like Two Soldiers is an endearing tale of two brothers in December 1941 after the attack on Pearl Harbor. The older brother Pete Greer goes to Memphis Tennessee to enlist like hundreds of thousands of young men some who would never come home. His younger brother doesn't take his departure well. He manages to get a bus ticket to Memphis without any money to find his brother. He surprisingly becomes a soldier of another kind since he wants to enlist also at 10 years old. Ron Perlman does a surprising performance as the military leader who manages to take care and bond with the boy. This short film won an Oscar for Best Short-Live Action film which is well-deserved. If it was longer it could compete with the longer films. Everything else like costumes art direction and recreating the era of America in 1941 is perfect. The film also shows the heartbreaking war at home as most Americans were surviving the great depression. The actors and actresses are not known but they do a first rate performances. If Hollywood would make more quality films I would probably go to the cinema more. If Broadway had more quality shows I would go to the theater more.
critique3511 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3512 Father Hood is an entertaining tale of an unwilling Father who is definitely a HOOD! Patrick Swayze plays Jack Charles who is a hood always on the look-out for the one big "score" that is going to put him on easy street. His wife died while he was is prison and his two kids were put in foster care. When he "got out" he thought they were probably better off in foster care Ã‚Â– besides he still had to score his fortune. His daughter Kathleen Charles (played wonderfully by Sabrina Lloyd) breaks out of a foster care institution that is abusing the kids and misappropriating money that is suppose to be being spent on the kids. She hunts down her father; tells him about how bad the place was and that her brother Eddie Charles (played by Brian Bonsall)  "just a little 7-year-old kid" was being moved to the institution that she had just broken out of and convinces her father to kidnap him. The three start off on an adventure across country all the while Jack keeps telling himself that he has to get rid of the kids! Patrick Swayze is really good in this comedy playing a "hood" (probably a little understatement for this criminal character) who is similar to his Johnny Castle character of Dirty Dancing except Jack is appropriately funnier in this comedy and more optimistic than Johnny Castle. Swayze is funny and rally does comedy pretty well! Halle Berry plays Kathleen Mercer who is a reporter trying to get at the truth of the foster care system who becomes Sawyer's ally. Diane Ladd plays Rita the con-artist mother of Jack Charles.
critique3513 There's this whole theory of horror that some people adhere closely to that the monsters and the violence should be kept off-screen. Park Chan-Wook throws that concept completely out the window and shows directly what he wants--and what he wants to show is pretty much anything he can think of. Leaving it to the actors and dialog to create subtlety from a stylistic perspective Park seems willing to do just about anything to get his point across. Whether it's long involved ensemble scenes with the camera whizzing around a mah-jong table or entire weeks confined to a single shot between two other scenes dialog from the scenes before and after bleeding over them Park doesn't keep to a specifically structured style but focuses more on telling the entire story of a couple's relationship from virginal remove through utter codependence to utter self-annihilation--and uses vampirism as the link and priestliness as the drama. It's that simple and that complex at the same time.<br /><br />You gotta give him credit. Too many people are ready to compare any modern vampire movie to Twilight with Twilight almost always being the lesser of the works but here the stories are actually comparable but this one is more raw and honest. None of this sparkly coming in the window during the night to talk crap but anything ranging from the dirtiest most desperate and virginal sex scene to eventual spousal abuse as the two leads begin to vie for power over one another. It's the same deal--guy and girl meet girl finds out guy is a vampire decides to join him anyway but with no happily ever after just straight-up limited time as they become forced to keep each other closer and closer and run out of options. The girl's motivations are particularly interesting as one desperately craving power and attention to a fault foiled by the guy who just wants to live a good life as best he can under the circumstances but is a hypocrite who cannot admit that he's merely using his vampirism as an excuse to act against his moral training.<br /><br />The movie isn't perfect and it does tend to stretch (there's no three act five act or any act structure here just scene after scene of character building and dysfunctional romance) but what's great about it is that Park Chan-Wook is willing to show everything frankly and honestly while delighting the horror sensibilities of tension and gore. He also provides an expertly chosen soundtrack to hit the emotional high-notes in a pretty effective way too.<br /><br />--PolarisDiB
critique3514 I caught this on the dish last night. I liked the movie. I traveled to Russia 3 different times (adopting our 2 kids). I can't put my finger on exactly why I liked this movie other than seeing "bad" turn "good" and "good" turn "semi-bad". I liked the look Ben Chaplin has through the whole movie. Like "I can't belive this is happening to me" whether it's good or bad it the same look (and it works). Great ending. 7/10. Rent it or catch it on the dish like I did.
critique3515 I must have seen a different version than the first person on the user comments section.<br /><br />It's really really good...Steve Zahn and Karl Urban are great together. Val Kilmer's character is much like he was in the novel although the emphasis is on Gus and Call and the Comanches. We get to see what happened with Call and Newt's mother as well. I won't spoil it but it gives a lot of insight into Call's character.<br /><br />All the actors did a really convincing job. Steve Zahn had the biggest challenge I thought to follow Robert Duvall! There's a lot of action humor tragedy. It's got something for everyone. I can't wait until it airs my family are all jealous I got to see it early!
critique3516 -That's pretty much the whole soundtrack to this film. I just saw this baby at the Munich Film Festival and it rocked the house. Director Doug Pray is never seen in this documentary nor I think he is even heard but he has done a very intimate look into the lives and history of the "mixer." He has segmented his film into about eight chapters and then his motley group of enthusiastic interviews will be spiced throughout according to what they are talking about. I was never big into "scratching" but the film does a wonderful job of keeping elementary for those who know little and infusing in-jokes for those who are experts themselves in this area. Mix Master Mike from the Beastie Boys is in this film but it wasn't until after the film that I could name several heavy hitters in the industry (DJ Shadow Q- Bert etc). The extreme fascination for turntables by these talented and quirky DJs is evident in their explanations of what their music means to them. The film also sheds some gratifying light on these guys (and one woman) to be classified as musicians. Pray doesn't let his film idle and if there exists a slow scene it is soon re-energized by hardly ever ceasing music. If nothing else this film will increase your slang vocabulary. I have to get back to "digging" so I'll end this review. See it it will be of interest. Good stuff man. Good stuff.
critique3517 The Spirit of St. Louis is Billy Wilder's film tribute to one of the best figures in aeronautical history remembered for the first nonstop solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in May 1927 with James Stewart (a little too old for the part) playing Charles Lindbergh...<br /><br />As a tribute it is eloquent enough and although a few nice liberties may have been taken with historical fact the motion picture describing the detailed odyssey before and after the Paris flight on May 20-21 in the monoplane "Spirit of St. Louis."<br /><br />Although the lengthy internal monologue employed during the journey may be disappointing to an audience the truth is that it helps keep the picture focused tightly on its essential point... Stewart dignified the portrait of one of the greatest adventurers in the air the world has ever know departing in a highly modified single engine monoplane from Long Island New York to Paris France...<br /><br />No action is depicted in the trip only some flashbacks to break up the monotony of the long flight... But there is superb determination of the ordeal of a brave and talented pilot decided to fly alone... His equation is simple: less weight (one engine one pilot) would increase fuel efficiency and allow for a longer flying range but with so much risk... Lindbergh's claim to fame was doing something that many had tried and failed...<br /><br />Even though Wilder has bravely put it upon the screen in a calm unhurried fashion it comes out as biography of intense restraint and power... But it is James Stewart's performance (controlled to the last detail) that gives life and strong heroic stature to the principal figure in the film...<br /><br />From it there emerges an awareness of a clever firm but truly humble man who tackles a task with resolution plans as much about it as he can makes his decisions with courageous finality and then awaits with only one thought in mind to get to Paris... In his efforts to cut off the plane's weight any item considered too heavy or unnecessary was left behind...<br /><br />The record-setting flight proved not only to be a fight with the elements and a test of navigation but also a long battle against fatigue... A busy schedule and an active mind kept Lindbergh up all of the previous night... Still he managed to stay conscious enough to keep the monoplane from crashing and landed at Le Bourget Aerodrome near Paris 33 hours and 30 minutes after leaving New York...<br /><br />Stewart gives an able portrait of a brave pilot who attains legendary status emphasizing the intention and dominant resolution to fly nonstop 5810 kilometers (3610 miles) across the Atlantic...<br /><br />Photographed in CinemaScope and WarnerColor and backed by Franz Waxman's beautiful music the film effectively captures the pioneering spirit of the era and the hero's ultimate achievement since he takes off that day from Roosevelt wet field and clears telephone wires at the end of the runway...
critique3518 When I think of the cheesiest guilty pleasure-type movies the first thing I think of are '80s slasher flicks. Really bad slasher flicks. The formulaic type of film where all a script needed was 2 parts blood and several parts nudity to get made.<br /><br />Flash forward to the late '90s/early '00s. The slasher flick has been revitalized with the success of 1996's "Scream". Like in the '80s these films were formulaic masking a lack of inspiration by labelling themselves as "hip tongue-in-cheek parodies" of the original slasher flicks. Of this recent blend of "hip parody" neo-slasher flicks the only one worth seeing is the low-budget direct-to-video "Cut".<br /><br />Like most of the other "new" slasher flicks "Cut" relies on the production of a slasher flick in this case a fictional 1985 film "Hot Blooded" to make its commentary on the genre. "Hot Blooded" never finished production because of killings by someone wearing the mask of the film's killer Scarman a bald figure with its mouth stitched close and dark pupil-less eyes. Now 12 years later a group of film students whose professor was involved in the production have decided to go into the vaults tap the original surviving actress and finish the film. But every time the film is screened or a scene is shot "Scarman" returns and someone dies. To quote the tagline will they finish the film before it finishes them?<br /><br />This all sounds really bad and to a degree it is (really is there such a thing as a good slasher flick?). There is no character development (the "new" director is revealed to be the daughter of "Hot Blooded"'s original director whose life was apparently ruined after the production was cancelled; this would've been a perfect detail to be worked into the plot yet it's never mentioned again) and like in all other slasher flicks there are just too many bodies to care about. The actors aren't great even by direct-to-video standards but most are having fun with their characters (and for those who aren't it's inadvertent character acting since none of their characters in the film wanted to work on "Hot Blooded") particularly whoever was lucky enough to play Scarman. "Cut"'s climax has no big "who dunnit" unmasking of the killer like in the "Scream" films. It doesn't have the gimmick killings of the "Urban Legend" films. What it does have is an original and interesting concept that is diluted by a "this way we can write a sequel if it sells well" ending. But that's par for the course.<br /><br />By any sensible viewing standards this is a horrible movie that should be avoided but this "quality" is what makes it true to its roots in the slasher genre and this is what makes it more enjoyable than any of the other neo-slasher flicks.
critique3519 I saw this kung fu movie when I was a kid and I thought it was so cool! Now I am 26 years old and my friend has it on DVD!!!<br /><br />We got a case of brew and watched this classic! It lost NONE of it's original kung fu coolness! If you are a fan of kung fu/karate movies this is a must see... the DVD is available. I believe this movie is also called "Pick Your Poison".<br /><br />Watch it soon!
critique3520 Based on the book "Space Vampires" by Colin Wilson. This is (in my humble opinion) one of the best pieces of Sci-Fi Horror to come out of the eighties. The effects (done by ILM) still hold up by todays standards. The actors are mostly British and being british seem to give this film a greater depth of realism.<br /><br /> The film was panned by the critics and sadly failed to do well at the box office on both sides of the atlantic. Tobe Hooper blamed the promotional work that was done before its release as the main cause for it's low takings. But for whatever reason it still does not detract from the fact that this is an excellent film with a great cast and well-paced plot.<br /><br /> Not to be over-looked.
critique3521 It infuriates me no end that now and forever I will have to identify this movie (which I consider a masterpiece and I don't use that word lightly) with the qualifier "Not the Michael Douglas movie!" Not only are the titles the same but they refer to the same thing- the radioactive fallout that rained upon the survivors of the first nuclear bombings. In Imamura's film this is no cheap metaphor; the whole movie is about the fallout physical and emotional from Hiroshima and the war itself. As the deterioration of a couple and their grown niece becomes more grimly clear the ironic imagery becomes more potent from the old clock that is reset each night to the stone gods that gradually pile up outside the heroine's door. (These in turn are carved by a shellshocked veteran who is compelled in a series of tragicomic episodes to attack anything with a motor that approaches the town.) The bombing day itself is shown in piecemeal flashbacks that are coolly horrifying. Yet "Black Rain" ("NtMDm!") can be watched even repeatedly because of Imamura's compassion for his characters. I repeat: a masterpiece.
critique3522 Just saw Baby Blue Marine again after 30 years. I still find it a pleasant and romantic film which catches a time which has been lost forever. The innocence and purity of a time now long gone is truthfully captured in this small film. The acting is above average and Richard Gere's brief appearance as a shell-shocked Raider Marine war hero holds a keen interest for any film buff or Gere fan. Jan-Micheal Vincent is in his prime and looks and acts like the "All-American" boy. The late Bruno Kirby (who was billed as B.Kirby Jr.) has a meaty role as "Pop" a peace-loving Marine Corp reject dreaming of getting back home to his wife. If you're looking for sex drugs or rock and roll this movie is not for you. If you're looking for action and adventure the same applies. However if you want to recapture a time in America of innocence honor romance and love then Baby Blue Marine is a movie for you.
critique3523 Here's the kind of love story that I do enjoy watching. And mostly it's for two reasons. One it concentrates of young people VERY young people. People who are still in their teens and are experiencing love for the first time or at least think they are. All of us have been there in our lives and "The Man in the Moon" is a magnificent reflection upon our memories maybe adding on a few more details and enhancing it further than any of us have experienced. The second reason is that is a love triangle. And I do believe that as teens it's the most dramatic. And the story is so well developed that you believe the characters could really be in love or are just so new to love that they just strongly believe they are and after a tragedy or so occurs will believe it for the rest of their lives.<br /><br />The cast of "The Man in the Moon" is full of great talented names. It stars Sam Waterston who is truly a versatile actor well capable of playing tough district attorneys as well as strict yet caring and wise fathers as in this film. Also there is Tess Harper Jason London and a young young Reese Witherspoon. You look at the young talented actress as she is at age fourteen and you think that about ten years down the road she's going to win the Academy Award. All members of the cast pull off great performances and with the dialogue of the compelling screenplay they are enhanced into looking like real people in real situations. As if it all really happened. This the kind of movie that I would like to see come out more often. Love story or not. I would love to see films that make everything look real and is not phony or disbelievable in any way.
critique3524 I never saw any of The League's work until early last year - although when channel hopping one night I caught the end of one the series three episodes. But last winter I fell in love with the show and its dark eccentric and sometimes downright sinister characters. So when I learnt they had made a film in which the show's lovable creators met their own characters I couldn't order the DVD fast enough and near on tore it from my postman's hands when he delivered it. I was so excited to see what the Gents had done and how they'd done it.<br /><br />And it was excellent! From the beginning where Jeremy (Michael Sheen) is terrorised by Edward Tubbs and Papa (Dyson why didn't you play yourself? He's perfectly capable as viewers of the infamous Highgate House of Horrors know!) to Bernice berating yet another one of her flock to Geoff Herr Lipp and Hilary discovering that THEY are characters which is a great scene. The scenes set in 1690 are very enjoyable with the Gents turning their hands to yet more characters and an all new plot. David Warner's turn as Doctor Pea is fantastic slightly camp and very funny.<br /><br />The League have always been brilliant at blending humour with sadness and emotion - and the climax of this film where Herr Lipp is struggling with the idea that he and the other Vasey residents are just fictional people who will never be able to change who they are or their purpose - and to witness how it's breaking him down is really sad and beautiful to watch at the same time and that really shows the Gents' talent - something for which they are terribly overlooked for to this day.<br /><br />And then you have that rather clever ending - where you sit in wonder - with Joby Talbot's beautiful theme music playing. And you know you've enjoyed a very clever and funny film.
critique3525 In New Orleans an illegal immigrant feels sick and leaves a poker game while winning the smalltime criminal Blackie (Walter Jack Palance). He is chased by Blackie and his men Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Poldi (Guy Thomajan) killed by Blackie and his body is dumped in the sea. During the autopsy the family man Lieutenant Commander Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) of the U.S. Public Health Service finds that the dead man had pneumonic plague caused by rats and he needs to find who had any type of contact with the man within forty-eight hours to avoid an epidemic. The City Mayor assigns the skeptical Captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas) to help Dr. Clint to find the killers that are infected with the plague and inoculate them.<br /><br />"Panic in the Streets" discloses a simple story but it is still effective and with a great villain. The engaging plot has not become dated after fifty-seven years. Jack Palance performs a despicable scum in his debut and the camera work while he tries to escape with Zero Mostel is still very impressive. My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "PÃƒÂ¢nico nas Ruas" ("Panic in the Streets")
critique3526 The thing with Ali G is that he takes the mick out of himself and his character. <br /><br />The humour is very much a 'like it or love it' brand of totally politically incorrect irreverent and self effacing type.<br /><br />Personally I totally love this film and so has everyone i have met who has seen it. You can watch it several times and pick new gags up each time. The humour is both aural and visual and the timing is impeccable. The humour is probably very English and specifically London so its possible that non-English viewers may not get some of the humour. Think of yourself as a teenager and you will love it - especially if the likes of Kevin & Perry Go Large tickled you!
critique3527 As much as I like big epic pictures - I'll spare you the namedropping - it's great to kick back with a few beers and a simple action flick sometimes. Films where the plot takes a backseat to the set-pieces. Films where the dialogue isn't so cleverly written that it ties itself in endless knots of purple prose. There are HUNDREDS of films that fit the bill... but in my opinion Gone In Sixty Seconds is one of the better ones.<br /><br />It's an update of the movie that shares its name. It also shares that picture's ethos but not quite it's execution. Whatever was great about the original has been streamlined. Whatever was streamlined was also amped up thanks to a bigger budget. Often these kinds of endeavours are recipes for complete disaster - see the pug-ugly remake of The Italian Job for one that blew it - but here thanks to a cast of mostly excellent actors Sixty succeeds.<br /><br />The plot and much of the dialogue isn't much to write IMDb about. Often you'll have scenes where the same line of dialogue goes back and forth between the actors each of whom will voice it with different inflections. A lot of people found this annoying; I find it raises a smile. Each actor gets a chance to show off his or her definition of style here with Cage Jolie and Duvall leading the pack of course (and it should be noted that it's also amusing to see Mrs Pitt not given first billing here). The chemistry between good ol' Saint Nick the stalwart (see date of review) and Angelina leads to a couple of nice moments.<br /><br />The villain is not even a little scary - I've seen Chris Eccleston play tough-guy roles before so I know he can handle them but I think he was deliberately directed to make his role inconsequential as not to distract from the action. We know the heroes are going to succeed somehow; we're just sitting in the car with them enjoying the ride. I think a lot of these scenes were played with tongue so far in-cheek that it went over the heads of a lot of people giving this a poor rating. In fact I wouldn't have minded some fourth-wall breaking winks at the camera: it's just that kind of movie.<br /><br />All this style and not so much substance - something that often exhausts my patience if not executed *just* so - would be worthless if the action wasn't there. And for the most part it is. Wonderfully so. I've noticed that it seems to be a common trend to be using fast-cut extreme close-up shots to direct action these days. I personally find this kind of thing exhausting. I prefer movies like this where the stunts are impressive enough to not need artificial tension ramping by raping tight shots all the time. I've been told that Cage actually did as many of the car stunts as he could get away with without losing his insurance (in real life I mean - his character clearly doesn't care) and it shows. The man can really move a vehicle and this is put to good use in the slow-burning climatic finale where he drives a Mustang into the ground in the most outlandish - and FUN - way possible.<br /><br />So yes this movie isn't an "epic life-affirming post-9/11 picture with obligatory social commentary" effort. The pacing is uneven some of the scenes could have been cut and not all the actors tow the line. But car movies rarely come better than this. So if you hate cars... why are you even reading these comments?!<br /><br />I'd take it over the numerous iterations of "The Flaccid And The Tedious" (guess the franchise) any day. 7/10
critique3528 Love this film also. Saw it when it was first shown i8n Germany in a small independent cinema in Frankfurt. It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere to. The erotic of the movie hit the spectators and the discussion with Moritz Boerner the producer and director was always underlined by that. In his genre it was a very ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie.<br /><br />It doesn't exist much copies of that film Mortitz Boerner came from the theatre and made two or three short movies more worked for TV as well before he became a sort of therapist.<br /><br />For the people who wish to see that movie again you could find it on his homepage which isn't that easy to search for but its possible.
critique3529 Heath Ledgers acting in this film really bugs me but overall its a great watch. Bryan Brown is excellent when i dont normally like him but then his whole gang are a great piece of work. Jimmy is a hapless wannabe gangster who cant seem to do a thing right (SPOILERS: loses pandos money ackos car and nearly bumbles a bank robbery) but still comes out on top.<br /><br />didnt know what the two kids were in it for at the start but they ties some storylines together nicely.<br /><br />all in all a damn fine piece of Australian cinema 9/10
critique3530 I Caught This Movie On T.V. Last Night And You Know Danny Masterson Was A Pretty Good Actor In The Film And Its Great To See Him In Something Other Than That 70s Show. The Film Isnt Rated But In My Opinion I Would Rate It (R) Just Because Of The Nudity And Plenty Of Adult Content. But All In All I Loved It I Thought That Dirt's Wisecracks were pretty funny. Its Just Basically About A Guy Who Has No Job Girlfriend Or Money And Eventually Gets A Job As A Private Investigator (more of a messenger really.)He Gets Framed For The Murder Of A Rock Star And The Rock Stars Girlfriend Is One Of The People That Really Need To Help Him Out. I Give It....*** 3 Stars.
critique3531 An extremely gentle retelling of the Shakespeare play (and much more overt about it than Forbidden Planet). Cassavetes is always a joy to watch and even more so with Gena Rowlands sharing the spotlight. His take on the Prospero role is well suited for the sort of craggy all-knowing expression he brings to the story. This especially comes to the forefront in a scene when upon spotting his estranged wife and her lover in a speedboat he conjures up a storm (accompanied on the soundtrack by an appropriate selection from Stomu Yamashta's "Go"). This is only one of the moments throughout the film where the line between reality and fantasy becomes nicely blurred and the viewer is left with the feeling that magic is more possible than one might believe. Add to this an excellent performance by Raul Julia plus good work by Susan Sarandon Vittorio Gassman and Molly Ringwald and the film becomes a nice little treat to occupy the space behind your eyes.
critique3532 A true masterpiece by Sorrentino and Tony Servillo demonstrates his exceptional acting ability as the cool enigmatic Titta.<br /><br />Yet another example of a must see movie that the everyday person will not receive access as the high street cinema chains are full of Hollywood funded nonsense. Fortunately I reside in the metropolis and amongst the privileged few who enjoy the choice the art-house cinema provides. I champion the day when cinema investment will be channelled into bespoke film screenings allowing choice for the masses and away from assembling penny sweet counters! <br /><br />Film of the year for me so far and yes I've seen a few....
critique3533 Seeing this film brought back to me memories of 9/11. The first thing I remember of that morning was seeing TV pictures of an airplane flying into a large building and my immediate thoughts "Must be a preview for a new Tom Clancy film".<br /><br />This was not a Tom Clancy film. This was certainly not a British version of "The Sum Of All Fears". The typical Tom Clancy film or novel has a relatively small cast a linear plot and usually some sort of resolution. This film had neither. Sure what I saw directly on screen was a small cast a plot and a vague resolution but like 9/11 the point was that reality was so much larger and more complex.<br /><br />I work in systems planning and the reality of the disaster preparation exercise and the disaster itself is painfully obvious. It's impossible to prepare for a disaster like this nor will it be any more possible to deal with this when it happens.<br /><br />From the argument between the police (Not enough is being done to prepare) and the politicians (Giving everybody on the tube a gasmask would cause panic) to the constant loudspeaker announcements (You are in no danger to your health but don't go home before we decontaminate you) and (Don't eat drink or smoke before we decontaminate you) I was on edge during the entire film. Not the slightest urge to channel surf.<br /><br />This film was 90 minutes in length. It could have been twice that and still not shown all the possible details. Instead it left enough unsaid to allow each of us to imagine the details each of us in our own way. That made it so much more real to me than any Tom Clancy film.<br /><br />I lived in London once and just off the Edgeware Road. And I took the train from Waterloo station many times. As I watched Dirty War I kept telling myself that this is only fiction. Right now.<br /><br />Allah and Jehovah willing this film will remain fiction and sometime in 20 or 30 years my nephews may watch this film and remember the early 21st Century and the panic we felt too much. Hopefully to the same degree as I feel currently when viewing memorabilia of the Cold War with the Evil Communist Regime of the mid-20th Century and remember "Drop and cover" exercises in school.
critique3534 It's hard to find an outright bad historical drama that's based on the life of any number of British monarchs. Just take a well respected British or Australian actor make things look pretty and you're guaranteed a formula for Oscar success.<br /><br />The Young Victoria is no exception getting just about everything right the cinematography striking and beautiful with soft lights and lush colors and fabrics. Starring Emily Blunt in a role she can finally soar in the film begins with Victoria's 18th birthday and moves through the intrigue and issues that surrounded her eventual rise to the throne and her famous marriage to Prince Albert (Rupert Friend). As the young Victoria herself laments she's moved like a chess pawn by a variety of parties as she finds her footing and her voice as one of Britain's most influential rulers.<br /><br />While this moving around the chess board is fairly typical territory it is the development of Victoria's relationship with Albert that makes the film slightly more interesting. I confess: I have a degree in history with a specialization in the Victorian era so I'm a bit attached to these figures. Despite their many flaws as rulers Victoria and Albert were some of the first leaders devoted to improving civilization for their people. They left their legacy in the arts in public health and education and in Victoria's conservative views and mourning culture after Albert's death. But these things are only briefly hinted at during the film.<br /><br />It is fairly well established that Victoria and Albert were not only madly in love but held a level of respect for each other not usually seen between monarchs in arranged marriages. Even if it did occur behind the scenes their's was certainly one of the best known. Blunt and and Friend have just the right type of chemistry to do the famous pair justice the proper mix of restraint and desperation. It's a different love not usually shown on screen especially in this sort of film. It's encouraging to finally see a relationship in which man and woman are on a equal playing field.<br /><br />But we don't get to see that love enough. While the filmmakers try to fit the affair amongst the political trappings it doesn't quite build up the sort of momentum needed to keep the tension high. Also without delving into the more advanced important public work of the pair things feel a bit in limbo superficial instead of intimate and sometimes confusing. It's not as big an issue during the film but afterward the effects wear off rather quickly and you find yourself trying to remember what you just watched despite the perfect performances by the leads most noticeably Blunt who even captures the famous monarch's expressions.<br /><br />For as much as it tries Victoria succeeds on many levels but lacks that certain sparkle that would take it from solid to classic.
critique3535 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3536 Financially strapped Paramount pulled out all the stops for this '34 stage adaptation entry: big budget large cast extravagant production and Mitch Leisen tagged as the director. What happened? Two things: Busby Berkeley didn't work for the out-of focus rock and a murder mystery script that didn't deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst Charlie Chan first draft down the street. I have to believe that the cutting was out of Leisen's hands since the great Duke Ellington's number is savagely chopped but that doesn't mean that it ain't worth a look: the 'Sweet Marihuana' number featuring topless chorus girls is a mind blower considering the looming production code and it also has the ravishing Toby Wing (whose unfortunately fed horrible lines and playing the prototype dumb blonde) as a chorion hot for an otherwise preoccupied Jack Oakie. Carl Brisson's acting is bland as Melba Toast but he's a competent singer. MacLaglen reaches for new plateaus as a stereotypical dumb detective. And try to spot Lucy in the chorus. This rates a 7.0 as a curiosity. Feb 2010 re-think: I recently gave the film another look and now feel I was wrong to berate the lack of Busby Berkeley production numbers. I can understand Leisen's argument for more realistic production numbers within the context of the plot. I still have enormous issues with the editing however. Paramount the raciest major studio in town faced huge issues with the Production Code at the worst possible time in it's history financially speaking and pulled out all the stops on this one (also check out 1934's Search for Beauty). A must see for pre-code buffs.
critique3537 I have seen this show when I was younger. It is a really good show to watch. It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old. Barney is definitely super DE duper. B.J. is pretty funny. Babie Bop is very cute. The kids are very cool too. This show is about learning about numbers kinda like sesame street but different type of show and characters like Barney the purple dinosaur B.J. the yellow dinosaur with a baseball hat on his head and Baby Bop the cute green dinosaur with a pink bow. The first one that started was very old Barney and Friends show. But then the second one was different to be new episodes. Also the last one in the 2000 was new scene of Barney's park. They also have a show of Barney at Universal Studios in Florida where you see Barney B.J. and Baby Bop and then when the show is done you get to go play shop and meet Barney. It's a very good show watch this show when you learn about many things you will like it the movie and the live show at Universal Studios Florida.
critique3538 I used to watch this show when I was a little girl. When I think about it I only remember it vaguely. If you ask me it was a good show. Two things I remember vaguely are the opening sequence and theme song. In addition to that everyone was ideally cast. Also the writing was very strong. The performances were top-grade too. I hope some network brings it back so I can see every episode. Before I wrap this up I'd like to say that I'll always remember this show in my memory forever even though I don't think I've seen every episode. Now in conclusion if some network ever brings it back I hope that you catch it one day before it goes off the air for good.
critique3539 Today actresses happily gain weight dye their hair dress like slobs and lose their glamor for a role and Bette Davis was probably the actress who started the trend. Even as a pretty young woman who occasionally wore designer clothes and Constance Bennett-type makeup in films Davis was willing to ravage herself in order to create a character on the outside as well as the inside.<br /><br />Her determination is amply demonstrated here in her breakout film "Of Human Bondage" in which she stars with Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred a slutty manipulative greedy low-life to Howard's masochistic club-footed Philip. He first meets her when she's a waitress and she allows him to take her out to dinner and theater while she frolics with a wealthy older man (Alan Hale Sr.). In truth Mildred is repulsed by Philip's club foot. On his part Philip seems to enjoy the abuse of her open flirtation and her coolness toward him. He allows Mildred to bleed him dry financially in between boyfriends who drop her when they tire of her while he blows off a couple of truly lovely women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he gets the gumption to throw her out Mildred trashes his apartment and robs him forcing him to withdraw from medical school and lose his lodgings.<br /><br />"Of Human Bondage" looks rather stilted today in parts. Though Leslie Howard was a wonderful actor and attractive his acting style is of a more formal old school and as a result he tends to date whatever he's in. He shines in material like his role opposite Davis in "It's Love I'm After" or "The Petrified Forest" which call for his kind of technique. His dated acting is even more obvious here because Davis was forging new ground with a gritty edgy performance that would really make her name. If she seems at times over the top she came from the stage and the subtleties of film acting would emerge later for her. Contrast this performance with the restraint warmth and gentleness of her Henriette in "All This and Heaven Too" or the pathos she brought to "Dark Victory." She was a true actress and a true artist. Davis really allows herself to look like holy hell; Mildred's deterioration is absolutely pathetic as Philip seems to gain strength as her spirit fades.<br /><br />An excellent film in which to see the burgeoning of one of film's greatest stars.
critique3540 Enchanting romantic innovative and funny. The vision of this extraordinary film is almost unparalleled exceeding better known "death romances" such as Ghost. While we know intuitively that Peter and June will find ultimate happiness at the end of that long-long stairway the joy is in the journey. The moral of the tale of course is timeless: love conquers all. But the struggle to achieve that victory is played in a celestial arena of sweeping vision and gripping grandeur. With more than 500 suitably clad extras portraying various ages and cultures the directors' vision of heaven remains memorable six decades later far into the CGI era.<br /><br />Yet for all the cosmic scale Powell and Pressburger knew an essential truth: the best story is told at the smallest level. The wonderfully determinedly romantic aspect of "Stairway" is captured with ultimate simplicity: June's teardrop preserved on a rose petal. <br /><br />This film like the story and the set itself is one for the ages.
critique3541 Domestic Import was a great movie. I laughed the whole time. It was funny on so many levels from the crazy outfits to the hilarious situations. The acting was great. Alla Korot Larry Dorf Howard Hesseman and all the others did an awesome job. Because it is an independent film written by a first-time writer it doesn't have the clichÃƒÂ©s that are expected of other comedies which was such a relief. It was a unique and interesting and you fall in love with the characters and the heart-warming story. I heard it was based on a true story? If so then that is hilarious (and amazing!). I highly recommend this movie.
critique3542 Ab Tak Chhappan is a fictitious story surrounding a police department in Mumbai India. Sadhu Agashe is a hard working hard-edged cop heading up a plain clothed crime squad who makes a name for himself by killing dangerous criminals in staged police encounters rather than locking them up in prison. His loyal officers obey him without question but a rift forms when one of his officers Imtiaz becomes frustrated by Sadhu's high ranking status and is secretly competing with him for criminal kills and status. A new recruit is also pushed into the fraternity and Imtiaz is angry when Sadhu allows him to take the lead on his first case. Further change comes in the form of a new police commissioner who disapproves of Sadhu's tactics and everyone gets caught up in internal politics.<br /><br />I was surprised to see such a well directed action thriller coming from India. The camera work is excellent the story is well told and the tension is high when the drama unfolds. The acting pace and political subterfuge convinces the viewer that they are a fly on the wall witnessing the blood sweat and tears from a close up and personal view and that the events are based on reality which is no doubt why we are told that it is not at the beginning of the film although it is likely that the director Shimit Amin has taken liberties with factual accounts. Nevertheless Ab Tak Chhappan is an extremely polished piece of film-making.
critique3543 If I didn't know any better it almost seems like it was staged but it wasn't. It was set up perfectly and how they got all of that footage is amazing! The unfortunate events of September 11 2001 are put together well in this documentary and the classic footage that they got made this an unfortunate classic. Just the history in the footage alone should make it a MUST see for any american or person touched by the tragedy of September 11.
critique3544 Extremely entertaining mid-1950's western that packs a whole lot into just a 96-minute running time. Most viewers will quickly get drawn into this story and will find the experience quite enjoyable. More than just a B-Western but not really an epic the budget was modest and the cast affordable despite several big names. Glenn Ford was the only box office draw at the time. Edward G. Robinson and Barbara Stanwyck were past their primes and looking for work Stanwyck was 10 years away from a new popularity in "The Big Valley". Brian Keith and Dianne Foster were just starting out.<br /><br />Ford plays John Parrish a small rancher who decides to sell out when the sympathetic sheriff is murdered by the big rancher's (Robinson) hired gunman. Parrish is a former Confederate officer who only moved out west for health reasons. <br /><br />Robinson plays Lee Wilkison who already owns most of the valley and intends to acquire the rest making good on a promise to his wife Martha (Stanwyck). Lee was crippled in a land war he fought 12 years earlier; his brother Cole (Keith) has come up from Texas to help him run the huge spread. Lee has been turning a blind eye to obvious hookups between Stanwyck and Keith but sensitive daughter Judith (Foster) is understandably upset by what is going on in their home. <br /><br />John Parrish has promised his fiancÃƒÂ©e Caroline (May Winn) that he will move back east. Caroline who is modeled on Grace Kelly's "High Noon" character breaks off the engagement at the first sign of trouble and simply disappears from the film. This leaves the way open for a John and Judith romance to develop. <br /><br />The violence starts early and continues throughout the film with Parrish able to apply military tactics against an enemy who underestimates his ability and determination. He has a very original confrontation with the main gunfighter about midway into the film. Ford plays one of his standard characters; the modest guy who disarms everyone with a self- deprecating manner who is slow to take offense but brutal when finally provoked (very much like his role in "The Sheepman"). <br /><br />Robinson is likewise excellent as a man who maintains his personal integrity even though physically just a shadow of his former self. And he gets enough lines and screen time to adequately develop his character. <br /><br />Stanwyck has the most difficult role and she is simply not convincing as the classic two-faced woman a seemingly loyal wife who is scheming to replace her husband with his brother. In part this is because she is not allocated enough time to do anything more than superficially convey either side of the character. That said a talented actress could have done a much better job even with these limitations.<br /><br />Dianne Foster is a pleasant surprise. She should remind viewers a lot of Carroll Baker both physically and in acting style. Although required to play Judith according to 1950's convention (she is allowed to be tough but then required to break into hysterics after each major confrontation) Foster shows a nice range. She conveys a growing attraction for Parrish but does it so subtly that it is only in retrospect that the various clues click into place. <br /><br />The real problem with "The Violent Men" is that it tries to be both an action western and a character study morality play. Because so much has to happen on the screen much of the action is rushed and many of the characters get only a cursory treatment. This is neither fatal flaw nor a reason to avoid the film but it could have been significantly better with another 20 minutes of running time or the absence of unnecessary characters like Caroline.<br /><br />Then again what do I know? I'm only a child.
critique3545 Oh where are you going my little one little one...<br /><br />Turn around and you're two turn around and you're four...<br /><br />I remember these shows when they were first broadcast on Disneyland. I remember sitting there electrified by Werner Van Braune's explanations of rocket science. I watched as history science and humor were all interwoven in an engrossing story of possibilities.<br /><br />That was fifty years ago. And the shows are back in the Disney Treasures series and what a treasure they are. I watched them last night and tonight with my 8 year old daughter who at first would not even come in the room but later changed her mind when she saw they were partly animated. As she watched I watched her and by the end she was nearly as engrossed as I had been.<br /><br />Turn around and you're a young wife with babes of your own...<br /><br />Sure some of the predictions about reaching the moon were wrong. But there is a lot of information that is still quite accurate and the overall presentation is still impressive. I found myself thinking my daughter's teacher might want to show them to her class not only as a 50 year old artifact but also as fun and easy to understand lessons in history.<br /><br />Turn around turn around turn around and again...you're wondering how much has really changed in 50 years.
critique3546 A twist of fate puts a black man at the head of an old-school white-bred advertising firm. And he intends to make a few changes...<br /><br />One very strange piece of cinema. You'll either love it or hate it. Either way you've never seen anything like it.
critique3547 If extreme activities (and I don't mean the Hollywood ones like UFC & X-Games) and the people who pursue them interest you then seek this doc out.<br /><br />This is one of those truth-is-stranger-than-fiction tales of Donald Crowhurts's obsession to prove himself against great odds. Those odds were stacked by Mother Nature the media and his own mind. It is also about a time lost to us --although it was only 40 years ago.<br /><br />The filmmakers have done a great job in gathering a wide range of material to tell his story and the story of the great race that consumed him. <br /><br />I couldn't help but to think about Timothy Treadwell and the Apollo astronauts in the 2 great docs GRIZZLY MAN and IN THE SHADOW OF THE MOON while experiencing --you don't simply "watch"-- this story.<br /><br />If you live in a big city buy it or rent it. It is worth the effort to find. I had to travel 100 miles to L.A. to buy it and I am glad I did.
critique3548 Man I really enjoyed this if only for Fred Willard's commentary at the dog show. There are some dead spots and some gags that don't work but overall the film works very well. When I was younger my parents bred dogs and the people that I met at those shows were not significantly less bizarre that the freaks at this show I can assure you.<br /><br />I enjoyed this film for its artistry and for its commentary about how we tend to take frivolous things far too seriously... I enjoyed the acting for its accuracy (most of the accents were flawless) and its subtlety (I loved the way each person walked their dogs)...<br /><br />Rent this film if you have any appreciation for the strangeness of human existence.
critique3549 When the Bicentennial hit I was in Hershey PA and part of the Middletown Skate Team. We didn't do anything except skate around trying to learn what we were reading in the pages of Skateboarder Magazine. A couple of local hills provided all the speed-wobbles you could handle. At the time Mike Weed was the hot stuff along with Russ Whats-his-name with the Z-boys hot on their tail. I had a GT (GrenTech) plastic board with Power Paw urethane wheels (loose bearings).<br /><br />My parents told me we were moving to California later that year and that they were taking a trip to go house-hunting. I was an extremely good son that summer and asked if I might not be rewarded with a REAL skateboard from California. They delivered. It was a fiberglass deck with the Surfer Magazine logo screened on it. Wide trucks and big red wheels (precision bearings don't ya know). They got it at Oak Street a surf shop in Laguna Beach.<br /><br />When I got to California (all of 13) Anaheim had the Concrete Wave and Carlsbad had a great park as well. Soon came Skateboard Odyssey in Mission Viejo. An indoor park with every scenario imaginable. All the while I was reading about Stacy Shogu Tony and Jay. This flick was right on the money and a wonderful experience to watch.
critique3550 One of John Ford's best films 'The Informer' doesn't feature any grand scenery of the American West. Instead the intense drama Ford was known for plays out on the no less rugged terrain of British character actor Victor McLaglen's face. The former prizefighter who once faced Joe Louis in the ring delivers an Academy Award-winning portrayal of disgraced IRA soldier Gypo Nolan on the worst night of his life.<br /><br />The plot is gracefully simple: In 1922 Dublin a starving and humiliated man who's been thrown out of the IRA for being unable to kill an informant in cold blood himself becomes an informant. For Ã‚Â£20 he betrays a friend to "the Tans" and for the rest of the night he drinks and gives away his blood money in rapidly alternating spasms of guilt denial self-pity and a desperate desire to escape the consequences of his actions. <br /><br />It is the remarkable complexity given to the character of the seemingly simple Gypo that is the film's most impressive achievement. In most movies a burly lout of Gypo's type would be cast as the heavy he'd have at best two or three lines and be disposed of quickly so the hero and the villain could have their showdown. In 'The Informer' Gypo himself is both hero and villain while the showdown is in his inner turmoil every bit of which is explicitly shared with the audience.<br /><br />Because Liam O'Flaherty's novel had previously been filmed in 1929 RKO gave Ford a very modest budget. The director and his associates particularly cinematographer Joseph H. August turned this to their advantage in creating a claustrophobic masterpiece about a man at war with himself. In addition to McLaglen's Oscar 'The Informer' also won John Ford his first along with wins for Best Screenplay and Best Score.
critique3551 A surprisingly interesting meditation on the nature of regret in terms of the way it relates to paranoia. There's a lot going on in this for having a run time of only 74 minutes but it works. The scares are very subtle not the jump-cut scares that seem to populate most recent Asian horror films. The way the "scares" are set up is similar to the disturbing moments in "The Uninvited" (aka 4 Inyong shiktak directed by Su-Leon Lee) but this isn't nearly to the same caliber. The film does a nice job of balancing a classic ghost story with something more unusual and psychological. It's not perfect but it does what it's supposed to do. I would recommend checking it out if you get a chance.
critique3552 I went to the pre-screening of "Rory O'Shea Was Here." I like this movie better than I expected because the excellent casts and the powerful performance. It's a film about the friendship of two handicapped young man. Rory is free spirit young man who wants to be independent regardless his Duchenne muscular dystrophy. He can only move his two fingers but he can talk eloquently and help his new pal Michael who has cerebral palsy and is significantly speech impaired. I guess that's enough to start with a weeping drama. Well it is. But with inspiring messages and deeply moving performances. It made me looking at my life for things I take for granted. What would I do if all I can do is to move my two fingers? I should feel grateful for what I have and what I am capable of doing. This is a good flick although it could have been better.
critique3553 Wow I can't believe i'm the first and only one to post a comment on this great movie.<br /><br />Although the movie itself seemed interesting enough the real thing that attracted me to this one is Matt lillard granted most people probably either think he's too caffeine happy or just plain sucks but we're both the same age and from the same generation and i've watched this guy so many times that he's one of my favorites now. This is one of the few movies where he is the big shot and main star kind of like in SLC Punk another great Lillard film.<br /><br />Baiscally this is storywise your usual heist movies but with more twists than anything which start to amount to craziness. Also very notable in this movie is another great actor named vincent D'onofrio a very under appreciated person in the film industry. The woman in the movie is a newcomer and she isn't too bad although you know they hired her mainly for her accent and the nude scene =)<br /><br />It's a game of jack vs jill vs bob as each want to reap the rewards but share with no one. They all try to get eachother to kill off the other and it's a timebomb waiting to explode. Matt shows his true prowess as the scheming JAck who initially starts the whole scheme. Vincent and woman play a couple of art thieves who are in need of money due to a lack of business. Vince's character is a bit deranged and skitz's throughout the movie but that only add to the intensity of the film.<br /><br />The surprises left and right are well welcomed and the ending is very non cliche and makes you feel happy well maybe that depends on the type of endings you like. This movie kept me very interested besides the fact Matt was in it it's a great movie and i'd highly recommend it to anyone who likes movies. Critic's probably won't like this movie but they don't watch movies cause they like movies anyway.
critique3554 Think like a Dinosaur was an well-produced & executed show of the -Outerlimits- series. The actor (Enrico Colantoni as Michael Burr) plays an impressively well and convincing protagonist-role. You can actually identify yourself with him and his 'introspective' feelings on what to do to the girl whom he has fallen for (because he's been alone and disappointed for 2 years and feels hopeless until "Kamala" comes to his life with a timid fear of performing the task of being transported. He then consoles her and let's her know it's all going to be alright; which ends up being an deception to both of them. More so something bad occurs and she (prototype) comes back....and her (clone) is sent to the other inhabitant planet. Although the -Dino- and "Micheal" have yet to find this out when they do it's up to Michael to decide to either kill her or to let her live. Yet what happen to him prior upon meeting her (kamala) was very much related to what happen to his wife his wife died similarly. This show professes irregularity and sorrow thru-out most of it. After the show you're left pondering...about what SHOULD have been done and you're stuck with the 50/50 of what's right from wrong. Hence The "balance" equation being solely there is no one.<br /><br />10/10 Highly recommend watching this show.
critique3555 Who else other than Troma can take the classic tragedy and change it around to todays standards???? No one....in my opinion the Leonardo DiCaprio one sucked. Tromeon & juliet is a definite stretch from the original Shakesperan tragedy but it holds up well. Its sick demented twisted but yet insanely funny and fulfilling. For the most part it follows the true Romeo and Juliet story but many Troma elements are added. Will Keenan gives a great performance as Tromeo. The acting is solid and the story is great. Many people look past these movies not only the Kaufman Troma movies but all the ones they distribute. Sure Troma movies are an acquired taste but you need to see some of these. It is renegade filmmaking at it's best.
critique3556 Countless TV displays and the memorable appearances from 4 of today's mega-stars(plus Hope Davis's screen debut) keep Flatliners still in prudence. The plot is about a non-academic research of five medicine undergrads pursuing one's crazy idea on discovering the secret of death and learn what's after death then come back to life again. Yet the storyline hasn't been designed as fascinating as the idea of the plot.<br /><br />There are popular stereotypes to develop a regular teen-slasher script in Flatliners. There is Nelson who creates the idea of decoding death pretty but introverted Rachel David who cuts the Gordian knot on luckily not to be dismissed from the school ladies' man Joe and finally the smart guy Randy("I did not come to medical school to murder my class mates no matter how deranged they might be"). They join hands altogether in an experiment where Nelson's heart will be stopped and rerythmed. Then they decide to continue this experiment in strict confidence at night times in the campus. Not long after Nelson's experience everyone starts a race over having the wildest and the longest death experience risking their lives one by one. Yet soon they realize their daily life becomes affected from those experiences they had. The visits to the afterlife brings back their delinquent feelings from their childhood memories. Depolarizing their deep subconscious watchfulness they begin having somatic delusions and visual hallucinations.<br /><br />When the point comes where the explanation of subconscious director Joel Schumacher skips that every humankind has a subconscious personality which they are not aware of. This inner personality keeps one from altering into identity loss. If you lose or if you depolarize this subconscious personality you certainly lose your identity instead of refreshing childhood memories. I wanted to add this as a movie mistake which already has been mentioned via movie critics in the earlier 90s'. Obviously here in this movie Schumacher made the actors have it least affected. Then why do they hesitate continuing on the experiment after learning their lesson as if death is designed indiscoverable by God? David had been introduced as an Atheist now he turned out to believe in God when he recalled a flashback from his childhood. After witnessing this 180 degreed change in David it's clear to see that Schumacher's film was so conservative and lily-livered; that's ultimately why it's never classified as a work of science fiction. Alas! It had a good potential. It even tried to tell the unconscious maturation from having a death experience beginning to believe that death is so simply natural and it's only a part of a human's life.<br /><br />More than what's in the movie it was also memorable to recall what's with the movie. Jan de Bont as the cinematographer who had worked almost every time with Schumacher creates an dreamy atmosphere like it's being an Gothic horror movie. The blue color schemes all over the walls reflecting into the actors' faces deliver first class of lighting that suits perfectly with the film. The close-up shots of the gargoyle statues in the campus buildings Catholic frescoes in the walls stop-motion cameras and the dynamic camera speeds were all belong to Bont's skills.<br /><br />Flatliners became a cult movie in time with its sociological pen-portrait of the X-generation juvenile especially via its futuristic editing style with storyboard connection sequences like being part of a video music clip so much aesthetically. Those were the times where fast-paced and multi-sequenced video music clips were on rise. This style was very rare to come across in those years after its pioneer Tony Scott's "The Hunger(1983)".
critique3557 This ensemble piece about adults who return to the formulative Summer camp of their youth was a very quiet entrant and exiter to the cinemas in the Autumn of 1993. I'd say that was a shamebut then againsome of the better movies ARE quiet releases that don't get much hype or praise.<br /><br />Diane LAneKevin PollackElizabeth PerkinsVincent SpanoJulie WarnerBill PaxtonKimberly WilliamsMatt Craven and Alan Arkin(who is painfully good here) are the group of actors who flesh out these roles as people who have grown old with goodbad and funny memories of summers gone past. This film covers the gambit of emotionsmostly pleasantand the film never hammers away at the viewer to feel what the characters are feelingpreferring to allow the viewer to enter into the memories on their own. Since I am a movie viewer who bristles at bluntlybrazen manipulation in filmsthis is something that I appreciate from writer/director Mike Binder.<br /><br />This film's a great cheap renta good main rent and even a pretty sit in a theater flick. You might run across this on TVand I would definitely suggest a look-see.
critique3558 William Powell is Philo Vance in "The Kennel Murder Case" a 1933 film also starring Mary Astor Paul Cavanagh Eugene Palette Helen Vinson and Ralph Morgan. A dog show in which Philo has entered his Scottish terrier Captain serves as the background for a locked room mystery with too many suspects. The mystery is very clever and the denouement both complicated and interesting. Since the talkies are still quite young the camera work is a little static but Michael Curtiz does a good job directing the action.<br /><br />The supporting cast is excellent; the entire cast brings the film up a notch. Lots of actors have played Philo Vance including Paul Lukas Basil Rathbone Wilford Hyde-White Edmund Lowe James Stephenson Alan Curtis Warren William and others. Powell played it the most (five times) and is the best fit for the role - very relaxed but serious at the same time. This was made before "The Thin Man" catapulted him to big stardom - he had spent about 12 years in film by then beginning his career on stage in 1912 at the age of 20. A remarkable man a remarkable screen presence and a remarkable actor who lived to be nearly 92. We're so lucky to have his films available on DVD and on TCM today. "The Kennel Murder Case" is a great story and a fun film - don't miss it.
critique3559 i hate vampire movies. with that said this one was very interesting to me. i do want to point out one thing tho. "bakjwi" literally means bat in korean and we all know that in many classic vampire stories you see count Dracula or vampires turning into a bat and fly away or wuheva. We also know that bats are mammals that can fly thus many categorizes them to be "exceptional." As I watched the film I realized that the theme of bat is deeply embedded in this movie more than just to make the bat-vampire connection.<br /><br />Duality of human nature = if you ever read aesop's fables there is this one fable where mammals and birds are fighting and a bat just can't seem to take a side and it tries to play both sides to his advantage. Mammals and birds find out what this bat has been doing and banish the bat out of their lands at the end of the story.<br /><br />the two contradicting sides of human nature are constantly at battle throughout the film ex. sang-hyun's blind priest friend sang-hyun's effort to quench thirst and his sexual desire tae-ju playing both sides her ordinary boring life vs. her thrill seeking vampire adventure etc (won't ruin too much u have to watch the film) and this theme is beautifully presented on a plate with delicious sides of romance sex violence religion dark-comedytragedy vengeance you name it!<br /><br />i feel like many would find this movie boring and too long but this film is very fresh and new something that i haven't seen b4 yet. I wouldn't say this is CW Park's best work but it is mos. def. the strangest to comprehend yet darkly intriguing!
critique3560 This one is a hilarious diamond in the rough. The acting and plot aren't that impressive but the lines just keep on coming. This catches a lot of flack because it seems at first glance like well a bad movie but it's so kooky that you can't help but be amused. The spastic lightening quick dialog and quirky characters keep it going... I was especially fond of Sharon the Canuck on Shrooms eh? However the one that really stole the show was Richard's little brother Andrew (Ira Heiden) his high pitched whining was somehow endearing. The whole movie rocked.
critique3561 This movie has its ups and downs but to me the good stuff in this movie very much outweighs the bads...<br /><br />What's not so good about the movie are indeed sometimes the dialogue the sounds the lighting(am I the only one who noticed the way the sets were lighted was amateur and the acting....<br /><br />What is very good are the highly original storyline the very intense atmosphere the gore factor which is very high and the effects which are done supremely.<br /><br />So definitely worth watching or maybe even a must-see for all you horror and gore fans....
critique3562 This movie appears to have designed as a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers film--the plot outline dance numbers zippy music and the entire formula is there...except for Ginger! Whether it REALLY was originally intended as a re-pairing of the team is uncertain but it sure has the look of one of these films. Instead of the usual sidekicks for Fred (such as Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton) Burns and Allen are used--probably since despite being known as a comedy team they COULD sing and dance quite well. This actually shocked me but the team were a welcome addition and some of the traditional Fred and Ginger numbers were done with either Fred and Gracie or these two along with George. Only once at the very end does Ms. Fontaine dance with Fred but it's very brief and with a distant camera shot.<br /><br />And speaking of Burns and Allen I think I owe it to the team to talk about them in the film. I have never been a fan of their show or their movies. In general I find Gracie's idiot act very annoying and I have given some poor reviews to their movie shorts and full-length films. However in this film I must admit that they were great--not only dancing competently but I actually thought they were funny and filled the hole left by Edward Everett Horton very nicely. They were on top of their game and the writers did a wonderful job in this department.<br /><br />Now as for the rest of the film it's all a lot of fun and is entertaining. The problem for me though was that Joan Fontaine was not a particularly good choice for the movie--not just because she was acting outside her range (after all she wasn't a singer or dancer) but because she had the screen presence of a ball of lint. Because of this the usual balance and great boy-girl dialog was lacking. There was also a very charming performance by Harry Watson as a devilish little boy who did everything he could do to play cupid--all because he wanted to win a bet! And finally I loved the Fun House and Tunnel of Love sequence--it is too hard to describe but is so much fun to watch! Overall I did like the film quite a bit--it had a lot of charm and excellent writing. Unfortunately it also featured a bland performance by Ms. Fontaine that knocks off a point--bringing my score for this film to 7.
critique3563 This is one of my favourite movies EVER... I have seen it about a million times and would never turn down the opportunity to watch it again. In fact I love it so much that I REALLY wanted to check out the resort where it was filmed on my upcoming vacation... does anyone know the name of it? If so please email me!!! I watched this movie for the first time when it was first released and I was about Nikki's age and for the longest time I bugged my dad to take me to away somewhere because of course I expected the same thing to happen to me! It's just such an amazing setting and such a cute puppy-love story. This is a definite DVD collector's must!
critique3564 When tradition dictates that an artist must pass his great skills and magic on to an heir the aging and very proud street performer known to all as "The King of Masks" becomes desperate for a young man apprentice to adopt and cultivate.<br /><br />His warmth and humanity tho find him paying a few dollars for a little person displaced by China's devastating natural disasters in this case massive flooding in the 1930's.<br /><br />He takes his new 7 year old companion onto his straw houseboat to live with his prized and beautiful monkey "General" only to discover that the he-child is a she-child.<br /><br />His life is instantly transformed as the love he feels for this little slave girl becomes entwined in the stupifying tradition that requires him to pass his art on only to a young man.<br /><br />There are many stories inside this one...many people are touched and the culture of China opens itself for our Western eye to observe. Thousands of years of heritage boil down into a teacup of drama and few will leave this DVD behind with a dry eye.<br /><br />The technical transfer itself is not that great as I found the sound levels all over the meter and could actually see the video transfer lines in several parts of the movie. Highly recommended :-) 9/10 stars.
critique3565 Okay I'm not sure if this counts as a spoiler so i just ticked the box anyway to save the hassle.<br /><br />I've noticed that the opinions on this film seem to be a fair split. Personally i loved it although i must say that i think that some of the cameo's were there for the sake of having a cameo. (Peter Kay?) Personally i am just thankful that it wasn't the Edward Tubbs and Papa Lazarou show and that they chose the 3 best characters in the series to headline the motion picture especially Sir Goeff Tipps arguably the funniest of the bunch.<br /><br />Actually this is less of a Summary more of a fairly obtuse blog-like thing but what the hell the film was awesome and i guess that's all that counts.
critique3566 It takes patience to get through David Lynch's eccentric but-- for a change-- life-affirming chronicle of Alvin Straight's journey but stick with it. Though it moves as slow as Straight's John Deere when he meets the kind strangers along his pilgrimage we learn much about the isolation of aging the painful regrets and secrets and ultimately the power of family and reconciliation. Richard Farnsworth caps his career with the year's most genuine performance sad and poetic flinty and caring. And Sissy Spacek matches him as his "slow" daughter Rose who pines over her own private loss while caring for dad. Rarely has a modern film preached so positively about family.
critique3567 Takashi Miike is one of my favorite directors and I was worried about him doing a kids film because I would hate to see him depart from his films I came to love: Visitor Q Gozu Izo Ichi the killer and Black Socioty Trilogy. Lately he seems to be exploring new territory and I think he's succeeding. Still this was the first of his films I'd seen him take that direction so I was nervous. Of coarse I bought it without seeing it and was glad I did.<br /><br />Great Yokai War is a perfect kids film and adults should like it too. The whole film reminded me so much of the movies I loved as a child: Neverending story Labyrinth Return to Oz etc. I enjoyed those films because they didn't treat kids like they're stupid and this one doesn't either. The dark underlying morals are there but it's also as silly as any kids film should be. I personally wasn't bothered by the CGI and prosthetics. I feel like they fit well and don't think kids will notice.<br /><br />If you are a die hard Takashi Miike fan you may not like this one. But I suggest giving it a shot. It proves that Miike is as diverse and talented as I suspected he is. He also continues to make his signature Miike films outside of these ones which is very reassuring.<br /><br />To those people that are new to Takashi Miike and want something light hearted or dramatic like this one I suggest these other Miike films: 'Zebraman' 'The Happiness of the Katakuris' 'Sabu' and 'The Bird People in China.' <br /><br />Good job Takashi Miike! 8/10 stars.
critique3568 Not really a big box office draw but I was pleasently surprised<br /><br />with this movie. James "I did some things to Farrah Fawcett" Orr <br /><br />co-wrote and directed this movie about an ordinary average guy<br /><br />named Larry Burrows who thinks his life would have been<br /><br />incredibly different if he hit a homerun at a key baseball game<br /><br />when he was 15. But thanks to mysterious and magical bartender<br /><br />Mike Larry gets his wish yet soon realizes that his new life<br /><br />isn't exactly as he hoped it would be.<br /><br />I must say this movie really impressed me. Critics have given<br /><br />it mixed and I must say the concept is really interesting and<br /><br />pulled off well. Yes it is a little standard but packs enough<br /><br />funny moments drama and excellent acting to make it really<br /><br />good. James Belushi (I think) was Oscar worthy for his role. Jon<br /><br />Lovitz is perfect and Linda Hamilton plus Renee Russo shine in<br /><br />their roles. Michael Caine is perfect as the bartender. It's<br /><br />just a good movie with a good lesson. If you've never seen I<br /><br />highly recommend you check
critique3569 A gruelling watch but one of Bergman's finest films. Interesting to compare this with The Hour of the Wolf as both feature the same lead actors as artists (or an artist and his wife) who have taken sanctuary on an island. In the earlier film it's largely inner demons that lead to von Sydows disintegrating personality (at least that's how I read it) whereas here it's very much circumstances beyond his control.<br /><br />Much has been written about the unsympathetic central characters particularly von Sydow's. For me there are flashes of a good (if flawed) man early in the film but one who copes badly with adversity. The flaws become all that is left as his humanity is gradually eroded by one horror after another.<br /><br />I watched A Passion (Ullmann and von Sydow on their island again) soon after this and was amazed to recognise many of the same locations. And then there's a dream sequence...
critique3570 OK where do i begin?... This movie changed my life! The plot was seamless. James Cahill has out done himself. Initially after a first viewing i was disappointed that i hadn't seen it on the silver screen. However this was before exploring the DVD's many features!!!! Oh my god Jakes Cahill's commentary of the film was almost as flawless as his acting. he told of industry secrets used in the film that you only get with experience.<br /><br />I was so impressed by the other actors. The scene where the security guard is talking to the girl in the hallway reminded me of some of my favorite blue (pornographic) movies. I am certainly with Gangsta when he expresses his disappointment with no sequel.<br /><br />I am still blown away with each viewing of the martial arts skills involved matched only by the sign indicating the location of the library at the school... and possibly the guy playing a retard! All in all a timeless classic and the best film to come out of Europe in years! where my Oscars at dawn!!!!!!!!!!!
critique3571 I was going to give it an 8 but since you people made 6.5 out of a lot better votes I had to up my contribution. The river Styx was pure genius. Sure Woody was his perennial stuff but at least his role was appropriate. The first half hour was really hilarious and then the rest of the movie was easy to watch. The dialog was clever enough and Woody's card tricks at the parties along with the reaction from the upper crust were fun to watch. This was much better than the newspaper critics made it sound out to be. And a plus a little Sorcerer's Apprentice to go along with it. And of course did you notice that Johansen is getting a bit frumpy? Charles Dance is always entertaining as was Hugh Jackman.
critique3572 'Deliverance' is a brilliant condensed epic of a group of thoroughly modern men who embark on a canoe trip to briefly commune with nature and instead have to fight for their sanity their lives and perhaps even their souls. The film has aged well. Despite being made in the early Seventies it certainly doesn't look particularly dated. It still possesses a visceral punch and iconic status as a dramatic post-'Death of the Sixties' philosophical-and-cultural shock vehicle. There are very few films with similar conceits that can compare favourably to it although the legendary Sam Peckinpah's stuff would have to be up there. Yes there has been considerable debate and discussion about the film's most confronting scene (which I won't expand upon here) - and undoubtedly one of the most confronting scenes in the entire history of the cinematic medium - but what surprises about this film is how achingly beautiful it is at times. This seems to be generally overlooked (yet in retrospect quite understandably so). The cinematography that captures the essence of the vanishing fragile river wilderness is often absolutely stunning and it counterbalances the film as in a moment of brief madness we the viewers - along with the characters themselves - are plunged into unrelenting nightmare. 'Deliverance's narrative is fittingly lean and sinewy and it is surprising how quickly events unfold from point of establishment through to crisis and aftermath. It all takes place very quickly which lends a sense of very real urgency to the film. The setting is established effectively through the opening credits. The characters are all well-drawn despite limited time spent on back story. We know just enough about them to know them for the kind of man they are like them and ultimately fear for them when all goes to hell. The conflict and violence within the movie seems to erupt out of nowhere with a frightening lack of logic. This is author James Dickey's theme - that any prevailing romanticism about the nature of Man's perceived inherent 'goodness' can only wilt and die when his barely suppressed animal instincts come to the fore. There are no demons or bogeymen here. The predatory hillbillies - as the film's central villains - are merely crude terrifyingly amoral cousins of our protagonists. They shock because their evil is petty and tangible. The film has no peripheral characters. All reflect something about the weaknesses and uncertainties of urbanised Homo Sapiens in the latter 20th century and all are very real and recognisable. Burt Reynolds is wonderful in this movie as the gung-ho and almost fatally over-confident Survivalist Lewis and it is a shame to think that he really couldn't recapture his brief moment of dramatic glory throughout the rest of his still sputtering up-and-down career ('Boogie Nights' excluded perhaps). Trust me if your are not a Reynolds fan you WILL be impressed with his performance here. John Voight is his usual effortlessly accomplished self and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox both make significant contributions. This is simply a great quartet of actors. To conclude I must speculate as to if and when 'Deliverance' author James Dickey's 'To the White Sea' will be made. For those that enjoyed (?) this film TTWS is a similarly harrowing tale of an American Air Force pilot's struggle for survival after being shot down over the Japanese mainland during WW2. It's more of the typically bleak existentialism and primordial savagery that is Dickey's trademark but it has all the makings of a truly spectacular poetic cinematic experience. There was the suggestion a few years ago that the Coen brothers might be producing it but that eventually came to nothing. Being an avid Coen-o-phile it disappoints me to think what might have been had they gotten the green light on TTWS rather than their last couple of relatively undistinguished efforts. Returning to 'Deliverance' it's impossible to imagine a movie of such honest unnerving brutality being made in these times and that is pretty shameful. We the cinema-going public are all the poorer for this.
critique3573 I first saw this film in the mid 60's when I was a teenager and it moved me so much in fact the end scene where Han Suyin hears of Mark's death and then rushes to the hill in disbelief where you then hear Mark's voice saying "Give Me Your Hand" and then the image of him disappears the butterfly with it's superstitious meaning the music the shattered emotions of Love of Han Suyin just left me sobbing my heart out. I was outwardly crying bitterly my mother and sister looked up and were shocked at my reaction. I just left the room to be on my own. Fortunately I do not react like that any more BUT I always cry at the end. I love everything about the film the music mostly the costumes of Han Suyin and location. The beauty of Jennifer Jones and the handsome William Holden they were both at their best. I have the VHS and DVD of this wonderful movie. I also have two versions of the Music & Lyrics by Arthur Newman and Sammy Fain. I also have the book A Many Splendored Thing by Han Suyin. I recommend this film 100%
critique3574 This was the one movie to see about the Civi War. My aunt actually played in this movie as an extra in the Justin and Madeline wedding scene and my uncle was an extra on a horse. The script was genuine and accurate. The costumes were tastefully done the seqence was in order and even the accents were good. I dearly love Patrick Swayze and James Ried. They were the best 2 choices and it even had a great supporting cast. The Civil War is my favorite thing in American History and I love movies about it. I have seen quite a few and this movie and it's sequal North and South Book 2 took the cake. If you haven't seen it rent it. As soon as possible. It's quite an eduation.
critique3575 While possibly the stupidest most tasteless and violent slapstick comedy ever made Guest House is also a very funny one. Don't listen to the critics they have no sense of humour. While the climax runs out of steam (but not vomit) it's still a funny party movie. Seven candles in the eye out of ten.
critique3576 Yes i'll say before i start commenting this movie is incredibly underrated.<br /><br />Sharon Stone is great in her role of Catherine Trammell as is Morrissey as Dr glass. He is an analyst sent in to evaluate her after the death of a sports star. Glass is drawn into a seductive game that Trammel uses to manipulate his mind.<br /><br />The acting was good (apart from Thewlis)<br /><br />Stone really has a talent with this role. She's slick naughty and seductive and doesn't look a day older than she did in the first.She really impressed me(like in Casino). Morrisey was also good. He showed much vunerablitity in a role that needed it. Thewlis however was lame. He ruined his character and was over-the-top the whole way. He really sucked.<br /><br />Overall this movie not as good the first but Stone is a hoot to watch. Just ignore Thewlis.
critique3577 I have seen this movie when I was about 7 years old - which was 33 years ago - and I never forgot this movie! I was deeply touched and moved by the brave little boy and the beautiful eagle. And I just couldn't believe it when he turned into an eagle just when everyone in the theater thought he was going to die...<br /><br />My sister was in the movie with me and I asked her recently if she remembered the movie we saw with the boy and the eagle and she said she remembered it like we saw it only yesterday. So it isn't just me.<br /><br />This movie is a MUST SEE !!!<br /><br />You will never forget it - just like my sister and me...
critique3578 This is a "docu-drama" of (mostly) the later years of KW's life with nearly all the parts played by actors (but spot which TV quartermaster plays himself!). It was made for the BBC4 arts channel but my guess is there will be syndication and DVD releases soon. KW is ably played by the excellent Michael Sheen here repeating his previous stage role with great success. Most of the supporting cast are also very good and a nice touch is the recreation of period TV appearances with the new actors. This is not however light viewing - anyone familiar with KW's diaries and general unhappy demeanour will already know how twisted he could be in later life - so don't expect 80 minutes of Carry On styled buffoonery since the emphasis is decidedly downbeat throughout. Recommended but it's tragi-comic indeed.
critique3579 Aro Tolbukhin burnt alive seven people in a Mission in Guatemala in the 70's. Also he declared that he had murdered another 16 people (he used to kill pregnant women and then he set them on fire).<br /><br />This movie is a documentary that portraits the personality of Aro through several interviews with people that got to know him and through some scenes played by actors based on real facts.<br /><br />"Aro Tolbukhin" is a serious work so analytical it's not morbid at all. Such a horrifying testimony about how some childhood trauma can turn a man into a monster.<br /><br />*My rate: 7/10
critique3580 Though not seen in too many films prior you have certainly seen the basic plot themes in too many films since. <br /><br />Not one of Grant's nor Loy's best films they make an outstanding effort together. After all with that much talent and very good supporting cast you know the laughs will be there.<br /><br />The film is light has some dramatic spotting but keeps the plot moving and gets you to smile the whole way through.<br /><br />A great example of classic American film fare that has stood the test of time.<br /><br />Definite Saturday afternoon fare heavy on the popcorn.
critique3581 When i heard about this movie it was supposed to be the funniest thing i've ever seen Yes it was funny. I mean i liked it all until the end where...........Oh no i can't tell u should it for yourself. It is funny except. The vulgar language. That's why i say if u like movies that r funny in sexual ways watch it  but if not don't waist ur money on renting it or buying it.
critique3582 Superb cast more please!<br /><br />If you can catch just about anything else written by Plater (or starring these wonderful actors). For anyone who doesn't know Plater has a real feeling for jazz my recommendation is to see the 'Beiderbecke' trilogy whenever you can.<br /><br />"There's three kinds of jazz - Hot Cool and 'What time does the tune start?'"
critique3583 I first saw this movie on an Alaska Airlines flight and have since seen it twice more. It simply is -- and is simply -- one of the best films in years. I found myself having enjoyed it after my first viewing but a little cloudy on what had happened. After seeing it again a few weeks later things began to fall into place. It wasn't confusing just deep. In fact the depth of the movie may not be appreciated for a long time. For example it occurred to me only after my third viewing that Sammy Davis Jr Jr (Grandfather's dog) is more than just a pet -- perhaps she's the stand-in for his dead wife. Witness how fiercely he protects her. There is symbolism galore and none of it sappy or indulgent just real. The adventure of their trip keeps the story-line in perpetual motion and even when they arrive you're not sure if it really was the destination. As the movie continues so does the adventure and I got the sense the destination was merely a way-point. The sound-track is fun the scenery compelling -- and both decidedly eastern-block. I could go on and on about the deeper meanings within the film but I'm not entirely sure I've discovered all the nuances yet. Besides it's more fun to tease these out yourself. As much as any film can be "Everything Is Illuminated" has proved to be like a fine wine that sweetens with time. I highly recommend seeing it -- twice.
critique3584 This was on Showtime the other night and I figured it was going to be another made-for-video crap fest like "Earth vs. the Spider" or any of those other HBO horror shorts. Instead I found a comedy/gore classic. It was legitimately funny and surprisingly the acting was quite good. Even my wife an overall horror-hater agreed and was laughing at parts. In addition the FX were high-quality.<br /><br />Overall the film felt like a parody of Joy Ride/Jeepers Creepers and the 2 main characters reminded me of the pair from Shaun of the Dead. Definitely worth watching but don't take it seriously.<br /><br />The End.
critique3585 Oh dear . Yet another example of " Oireland " and religion . No doubt we'll be seeing some depressing nonsense featuring some " hunky and macho freedom fighters " from the IRA . Well that was my initial reaction when the credits started but just over an hour and a half later I was in a state of shock . What a superb movie <br /><br />The story starts on the day of the wedding between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s . There is a slight problem since they're getting married in the catholic church and that is Sheila is a protestant but in order for the wedding to happen Sheila takes a pledge that her children will be brought up catholic and attend the catholic school when they're old enough . The story - Which is set in the 1950s - then jumps forward a few years when the Cloney daughters are about to start school but Sheila has decided they'll be attending the local protestant school much to the disgust of local priest Father Stafford . From there things escalate <br /><br />Let me put my cards on the table and state that despite having both Irish catholic and Scottish protestant heritage I was brought up as agnostic and have considered myself as an atheist throughout my adult life . In fact when it comes to religion I consider myself a Marxist and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people . A LOVE DIVIDED shows what happens when self appointed moral guardians take it upon themselves to tell other people what to think and believe . May I have the temerity to state that if Karl Marx saw this movie he'd love it and call it a masterpiece ? Perhaps I shouldn't since the drama of this story shows what happens when other people do your thinking for you <br /><br />In reply to the couple of reviewers who have claimed this movie is propaganda of the worst sort I don't claim to know the exact details of what happened in County Wexford and there's no denying that Father Stafford and his flock of catholic sheep are portrayed as being the bad guys but Sheila isn't blameless herself . Think about a woman living in a rural village in 1950s Ireland who takes a pledge to bring her children up as catholics then changes her mind and believes there will be no consequences of this ? This is a warning against taking pledges and not keeping to them . Not only that but she disappears to let other people pick up the pieces of their shattered lives . There's also something that no one else has picked up upon and that is that the only character with any type of moral sense is former IRA man Andy Bailey who is shown as being gallant not because he was a former IRA member ( That makes a change . We're not talking about THE DEVIL'S OWN here ) but simply because he is an atheist who has decided to think for himself <br /><br />A LOVE DIVIDED is a superb movie that has a lot to say for itself  all of which I agree with . If there's any sort of criticism it's that it feels too much like a TVM rather than a cinematic movie but believe me I can live with that and is essential viewing to anyone who thinks religion is the opium of the masses
critique3586 I've seen this movie after watching Paltrow's version. I've found that one a very good one and I thought this would not be as good... but I was wrong: British version was far better and enjoyable! I found Jeremy Northam more "agreeable" than Mark Strong but I can say that Strong catches much better Austen's Knightley. Anyway both versions are goodbut anyone that loved Austen's books should watch this movie. I agree with *caalling*: Andrew Davies changed a few things but still remains faithful to the original.<br /><br />10 out of 10<br /><br />My 2 cents!
critique3587 an awesome made for the sci-fi channel movie which by far surpasses many of the poor previous efforts they've churned out. Bruce Campbell is on superb form as a possible investor who gets caught up in a bizarre experiment led by a delirious professorStacey Keachand his half-wit assistanceTed Raimi. The film is pure b movie gold and its great to see Keach and ram up on screen with Bruce and the fact that a lot of the film works purely on Bruce's comic slapstick acting is what make it hilarious and makes me ask the question why isn't this guy getting more of his scripts commissioned? it indeed a sick world. Definitely worth a watch.
critique3588 This is John Waters best film to date. The characters are obvious and symbolic just as in his other films. So there are no surprises or character changes. I enjoyed the film because of the wittiness and pace of the story. It was good story-telling with honest people.
critique3589 This one is considered a key Pre-Code film Ã‚Â– from the director who later made the musical biopic THE JOLSON STORY (1946) but also the paranoid sci-fi INVASION U.S.A. (1952)! Ã‚Â– and features one of Barbara Stanwyck's best early roles.<br /><br />She's supported by a fine cast which includes popular actors and valued character performers of the day Ã‚Â– George Brent Douglass Dumbrille Edward van Sloan Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at one point addressing Stanwyck with the titular nickname derived from a popular song which is heard constantly throughout) in the former category and in the latter Robert Barrat (as Stanwyck's father) Donald Cook (as her most tragic conquest) Alphonse Ethier (as her elderly mentor Ã‚Â– more on this later) Arthur Hohl (as a lecherous politician) and Henry Kolker (as Cook's boss and father-in-law whom Stanwyck also seduces). Curiously scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared were subsequently deleted at his own request when the film ran into trouble with the censors!<br /><br />Abetted by crackling i.e. typically hard-boiled dialogue and realistic Anton Grot sets the narrative contains unexpected overtones of Nietzschean philosophy fed to our small-town heroine by the intellectual Ethier (Stanwyck complains to him early on that she's no "ball of fire" which of course contradicts her later comedy Ã‚Â– directed by Howard Hawks and co-starring Gary Cooper Ã‚Â– of that name!). Under Ethier's auspices she quickly blooms into an essentially heartless character determined that nothing shall stand in her path to success; the symbolic depiction of her rise in stature at the New York firm she's eventually employed with is reminiscent of a similarly sardonic one Ã‚Â– relating to an ambitious statesman's lust for power Ã‚Â– in Sergei Eisenstein's October (1927)! Sociologically it's also interesting that Stanwyck is constantly seen sticking her neck out for her black maid/companion.<br /><br />The first two-thirds of the film are simply terrific; at first I found the latter stages somewhat disappointing Ã‚Â– because I was expecting to see Stanwyck get her comeuppance by falling for the belatedly-introduced George Brent character while he ignores herÃ‚Â…but just like the others he's soon under her spell! On second viewing however this aspect felt less jarring Ã‚Â– as it's evident that Stanwyck has been affected by the two deaths her selfish behavior has caused and that her tenure in Paris has softened her (even if she tries to cling to her hard-earned wealth for as long as it's possible).<br /><br />Released on DVD by Warners as part of their FORBIDDEN Hollywood VOLUME 1 COLLECTION the film is presented in two strikingly different edits Ã‚Â– a recently unearthed Pre-Release version and the tamer Theatrical Release print. Among the considerable footage cut from the latter is dialogue pertaining to Stanwyck's life as a tramp from the age of 14 (though it's heard in the accompanying trailer!) while many other scenes have been shortened (i.e. censored for content): the violent fisticuff which develops between Stanwyck and Hohl after she resists his advances; the seduction at the railroad car; the scene in which Dumbrille is surprised with Stanwyck by Cook; the shooting followed by a suicide (only shots are heard in the shorter version); Stanwyck thinking about her conquests while the phonograph is playing (again only Brent appears in the version released to theaters) etc. Tha latter then utilizes alternate takes for some scenes Ã‚Â– and includes an establishing shot of the city which is missing from the longer version; however we also get an obviously tacked-on happy ending (the Pre-Release version concludes abruptly on a very effective open-ended note) and an equally unconvincing cautionary letter sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York which basically has the function of substituting all references to Nietzsche!
critique3590 Catscratch is the best thing to come out of Nickeloden including Wayne Knight. This show doesn't just appeal to Maoris and PI's. some people love it and they're all aussies. At first glimpse I admit it seems a little crude but it grows enormously on you. Also to correct something that one of the other critics has said In_Correct (Tv.com) doesn't say "Does that mean you're homo now?" he says "Does that mean you're homo owww?" This is his phrase in the show. Mr. Blik is i thinkthe funniest of all like Peww-Weww's Playhouse<br /><br />Firstly I'll admit that the early episode were a bit good. But after a while the episodes became great! And just when the series had found it's surreal whacky ...Nickelodeon cancels it!<br /><br />I know Nick is meant for kids but every once in a while a brilliant show appears that can be enjoyed by teenagers and adults. These shows include Mr. Bean the Animated Series Charlie Brown Pelswick Rocko's Modern Life (at times) and Invader Zim. All of these must have been considered too good with the exception of CatDog 'cause Nick felt the need to cancel them.<br /><br />What I like the famous final episode where Gordon fight a duck.<br /><br />I'd also like to see a DVD with plenty of audio-commentaries and behind-the-scenes docos and including the final episode.<br /><br />But of course what I'd definitely like to see is the show come back on the air. Wake up NICK!<br /><br />I wish there was a list somewhere on the internet with all the gag closing-credits. That would be great.
critique3591 Written by Oliver Stone and directed by Brian De Palma SCARFACE paints a picture not easily forgotten. Al Pacino turns in a stunning performance as Tony Montana a Cuban refugee than becomes a powerful player in the drug world as he ruthlessly runs his self made kingdom of crime in Florida. This gangster flick is harsh violent loud gross unpleasant and must hold the record for uttering the word "f--k" the most number of times. Almost three hours long and yes it can get repulsive. A stout hearted constitution keeps you in your seat cheering for the demise of a ruthless crime lord.<br /><br />Also playing interesting characters are Michelle Pfeiffer Steven Bauer Robert Loggia Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio F. Murray Abraham and Angel Salazar. Pacino proves to be one of the greatest of his generation. He manages to bring reality to his character that leaves a strong impression. This will not be a movie for everyone for you leave thinking you walked away from a disaster. Is that powerful enough for you? Crime does not pay for long!
critique3592 I adore this film. The chemistry between the two leads Miller and Carlisle is amazing they spark so well off of each other creating an unlikely comedy Duo. Alan Cumming is hilarious his enthusiasm for the role is clearly evident as he camps it up. The acting is superb and it is a genuinely amusing and touching film. Not the greatest film ever made I'll admit but it is a huge amount of fun and I would recommend to those who enjoy other gritty Brit flicks. Includes some of the best British actors including Michael Gambon so you can't go far wrong. Look out for cameos from David Walliams and Matt Lucas of Little Britain and Rock: Profile fame.
critique3593 Feisty Dianna Jackson (a winningly spunky performance by gorgeous former "Playboy" Playmate Jeanne Bell) goes to Hong Kong to take out the evil heroin ring that murdered her brother. Dianna's assisted by friendly karate master Joe (amiable Chiquito) faces opposition from undercover narcotics agent Elaine (lovely buxom blonde babe Pat Anderson) and romances cocky ruthlessly ambitious Charlie (essayed with supremely arrogant aplomb by Stan Shaw) while plotting her revenge against nefarious drug kingpin Sid (an effectively slimy Ken Metcalfe). Director Cirio H. Santiago working from a blithely trashy script co-written by none other than Dick Miller (!) crams the lively and eventful 72 minute running time with a plethora of gratuitous distaff nudity and loads of badly staged martial arts fight scenes (Bell is clearly doubled by a squat guy wearing a giant Afro wig!). The definite sleazy highlight occurs when a topless Bell singlehandedly beats up a bunch of thugs in her hotel room. Felipe Sacdalan's raw grainy scratched-up cinematography the clumsy use of strenuous slow motion the funky-groovin' score the laughably inept fight choreography and the surprisingly gruesome conclusion add immensely to the overall scuzzy fun of this deliciously cheesy grindhouse exploitation hoot.
critique3594 When I heard that this movie was coming out the night before Halloween I was very excited. When I found out that it was a book written in 1978 I had to read it before seeing the movie. I'm sure the movie would have been much different to me if I had not read the book. The writers actually did a good job of staying true to the main plot of the book with minor differences naturally. I think the thing that disappointed me the most about the movie was Boyle playing the role of Col. I'm not a big fan of Boyle and it seems that no matter what the mood during the movie she's always trying to use her over-plumped lips and darkly makeup-ed eyes to make herself seem super sexy. Indeed I think that the movie held true to the genuine creepiness of the house. My favorite subplot was the Sheehan family (which is so weird b/c the son was killed in Iraq and in current events there is Casey Sheehan whose mother went on a huge anti-Iraq tirade). In the book obviously the war was not Iraq but rather Vietnam and when the house turns on that video of the son in the helicopter I was truly creeped out. Overall I was impressed with the movie in that it followed the book very well.
critique3595 This outing of Knotts includes one of his best sidekicks ever Frank Welker. Welker makes the film. Knotts and Welker compete for the laughs and both receive plenty. Knotts works for a small "no where" town where the city is being run by some of the most ignorant officials. When things go wrong the city fathers allow Knotts to take the fall. Frank Welker's character befriends Knotts and together they stumble together to clear up the mess and Knott's good name. This film shows the usual Knott's scared to death character that made him famous for years on television and film. This may have been Knotts' last good outing. When you have an extra 90 minutes get a good old fashioned laugh a great icon Don Knotts.
critique3596 This film screened at the American Cinematheque's Egyptian Theatre in Hollywood on April 7 1999. It was described in the American Cinematheque schedule as follows:<br /><br />"TOMORROW IS ANOTHER DAY 1951 Warners 90 min. Steve Cochran's an ex-con who's never been with a woman. Ruth Roman is a dime-a-dance dame with no use for sappy men. A hotel room a dirty cop a gunshot - the perfect jump-off for a fugitives-on-the-run love story. This virtually unknown noir is Felix Feist's masterwork packed with revelatory set-pieces. Cochran was never more vulnerable Roman never sexier. Imagine GUN CRAZY scripted by Steinbeck - it's that good."<br /><br />I just saw this film and I agree with every word of the above description.
critique3597 Taut and organically gripping Edward Dmytryk's Crossfire is a distinctive suspense thriller an unlikely "message" movie using the look and devices of the noir cycle.<br /><br />Bivouacked in Washington DC a company of soldiers cope with their restlessness by hanging out in bars. Three of them end up at a stranger's apartment where Robert Ryan drunk and belligerent beats their host (Sam Levene) to death because he happens to be Jewish. Police detective Robert Young investigates with the help of Robert Mitchum who's assigned to Ryan's outfit. Suspicion falls on the second of the three (George Cooper) who has vanished. Ryan slays the third buddy (Steve Brodie) to insure his silence before Young closes in.<br /><br />Abetted by a superior script by John Paxton Dmytryk draws precise performances from his three starring Bobs. Ryan naturally does his prototypical Angry White Male (and to the hilt) while Mitchum underplays with his characteristic alert nonchalance (his role however is not central); Young may never have been better. Gloria Grahame gives her first fully-fledged rendition of the smart-mouthed vulnerable tramp and as a sad sack who's leeched into her life Paul Kelly haunts us in a small peripheral role that he makes memorable.<br /><br />The politically engaged Dmytryk perhaps inevitably succumbs to sermonizing but it's pretty much confined to Young's reminiscence of how his Irish grandfather died at the hands of bigots a century earlier (thus incidentally stretching chronology to the limit). At least there's no attempt to render an explanation however glib of why Ryan hates Jews (and hillbillies and...).<br /><br />Curiously Crossfire survives even the major change wrought upon it -- the novel it's based on (Richard Brooks' The Brick Foxhole) dealt with a gay-bashing murder. But homosexuality in 1947 was still Beyond The Pale. News of the Holocaust had however begun to emerge from the ashes of Europe so Hollywood felt emboldened to register its protest against anti-Semitism (the studios always quaked at the prospect of offending any potential ticket buyer).<br /><br />But while the change from homophobia to anti-Semitism works in general the specifics don't fit so smoothly. The victim's chatting up a lonesome drunk young soldier then inviting him back home looks odd even though (or especially since) there's a girlfriend in tow. It raises the question whether this scenario was retained inadvertently or left in as a discreet tip-off to the original engine generating Ryan's murderous rage.
critique3598 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3599 I loved "Dan in Real Life". A wonderful journey-to-love story like You've Got Mail or While You Were Sleeping but not ridiculously full of sight gags and crude jokes and not so romantic it makes you wanna throw up. <br /><br />Dan Burns (Steven Carrell) is a popular advice columnist who can't seem to get things in his own life straightened out. Until one day on a family gathering/trip he meets and instantly connects with Marie (the always beautiful Juliette Binoche)a radiant specimen of a woman who seems to be framed in a hazy filter hearkening back to the starlets of classic cinema. Chemistry happens over a cup of tea and muffin but Marie must be off for a previous engagement and they must part ways. <br /><br />Later we are treated to Dan's tight-knit fun-loving relatives who not only have big breakfasts together but also enjoy using the intelligent and sweetly dorky Dan as the butt of many bachelor jokes. What I liked so much was that although the family's characteristics could be seen as obnoxious to some I thought it was a great portrayal of a big family that doesn't venture into parody or crude exaggeration. The Burns family is simply a close loving group of people who are truly interested in the best for Dan. There are wonderfully awkward family moments that aren't unrealistic. The family is nosey but never mean-spirited or gossipy; quirky but never outlandish.<br /><br />And then Dan falls in love with his brother's girlfriend he's brought to the family gathering. And thus begins a roller-coaster of restrained longing and funny love-budding. <br /><br />I could go on but I just thought this movie was simply awesome. It's not particularly "hip" or "clever" never too wordy and obsessed with dry humor or biting wit as many comedies are in modern cinema. There is a nice balance of storytelling visuals and funny-but-real dialogue. in fact early in the movie the initial spark of love begins with whimsical discussion in a classic Hollywood-style conversation where the characters say what they're thinking out loud.<br /><br />So I've probably rambled and repeated myself but I highly recommend "Dan in Real Life". It's a great date movie trust me you'll laugh and only if you're a geek like me you'll get a bit teary-eyed. Filled with fun and magical love "Dan in Real Life" won't disappoint.<br /><br />=================== 3.5 out of 4 stars Grade: A
critique3600 Shower keeps within itself in so many ways. Almost all of the movie takes place in an old- time bathhouse with the denizens supplying the humor pathos and emotional touches. The love and friendship between the proprietor and his retarded son is deep and moving. The way the older brother is drawn into this tiny world seems unforced and persuasive. The plot is meandering full of surprises and ironies and touched overall by a sense of what I'd have to call neighborliness in the relations and conflicts of the performers. This is a film I pull out when I want to believe in the world again.
critique3601 Flynn known mostly for his swashbuckling roles (and his bedroom antics!) takes a different tack with this film and it works beautifully. Playing real-life boxing champ Jim Corbett Flynn turns on the charm full blast as he makes his way from a stifled San Francisco bank teller to a celebrated pugilist all the while setting one eye on society deb Smith. He and best pal Carson attend an illegal bare-knuckle fight and are arrested along with scores of other men (and a dog!) including a prominent judge. The next day he gets a chance via Smith to gain entrance to the judge's private club. He uses this opportunity to weasel his way into the good graces of its exclusive members and land a spot as the club's resident boxer. His unusually adept skill in the sport soon has him taking on all comers up to and including the world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.) Flynn is downright magical here. He is the epitome of charm charisma and appeal in this role. He looks terrific (especially in a hangover scene with his hair mussed and wearing a white union suit) and does virtually all of his own stuntwork (impressively!) His line delivery is delicious and he is credible and sympathetic and at the same time duplicitous and rascally. Smith exudes class and taste from every pore and is a good match for Flynn. At this stage he needed a female costar who could stand up to his advances and reputation (he was undergoing statutory rape charges at the time) and she does so admirably. She is repulsed by his freshness and cavalier attitude yet can hardly help but fall under his enchanting spell. Bond is incredibly burly brawny and towering yet tender when the script calls for it. Amusing support is provided by a young and ebullient Carson. Frawley is his dependably cantankerous self as Flynn's manager. The rest of the cast is excellent as well including Flynn's rambunctious family and an assortment of stuffy Nob Hill types. The whole thing is beautifully appointed and securely directed. A few of the sets are amazingly presented. Some of Smith's gowns border on the garish but she suits the upswept hairstyles very well. It's a terrific glimpse into the earliest days of championship boxing but it's also so much more. Some of it (like the character traits shown by Flynn) is enhanced or exaggerated for entertainment purposes but a lot of it is authentic (like the methods and costumes shown in the fight scenes.) One line is particularly memorable: "I believe you like me more than I like you but it's entirely possible that I love you more than you love me." It's classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few zingers sprinkled throughout the script as well.)
critique3602 This is one powerful film. The first time I saw it the Scottish accents made it tough for me to understand a lot and that ruined the viewing experience. I gave up on it but then acquired the DVD used the English subtitles when I needed them and really got into this movie discovering just how good it is. It is excellent.<br /><br />The widescreen picture makes it spectacular in parts with some wonderful rugged scenery and the story reminded me of Braveheart an involving tale of good versus evil. Here it's Liam Neeson (good) vs. Tim Roth (evil). Both do their jobs well.<br /><br />Few actors come across as despicable as Roth. Man you really want to smack this guy in his arrogant irritating puss. (He is so nasty and vile the sick critics love his character more than anyone else's here). Neeson is a man's man and a solid hero figure as Gibson was in Braveheart. Jessica Lange is strong in here as the female lead. The movie draws you in and gets you totally involved so prepared to have an emotional experience viewing this.
critique3603 Hollywood has turned the Mafia in to a production line of output ranging from the banal to the excellent and despite some good acting and a reasonable script (much of which is - for a change - true!) this "home entertainment" effort has to fall slap bang in the middle.<br /><br />The script is not only obvious (all of the checklist boxes end up being ticked) but spends a lot of time trying to create a pastiche of the best of other people's work. The Godfather being the most obvious but there are other references too. I won't bother naming them. Nevertheless it is a good taste borrower! The producer seems to set a quota for gunshots and murder (one at least every twenty minutes?) and the ending is weak and "so what?" I am told there are various versions of this production so that maybe that is just the version I have seen.<br /><br />Gangsters don't make money they take money. Usually by fear. Some seem more in to the murder and mayhem side of the business than making money. They were the ones that were the first to go (in real life and here). "You can't make money with a gun in your hand" says Charlie 'Lucky' Luciano at one stage. One of the smarter gangsters although all things are relative. He was a skilled white slave trader and a drug dealer before being bundled home to Italy.<br /><br />The old school "moustached Pete's" were picked off by the new bloods who wanted the power and the money for themselves and to break free of the straight jacket of Italian/Sicilian power (rarely doing business outside themselves). The young Turk knew they needed to be allied with other groups (most notably "the Jews" who knew how to launder money) and this is at least referenced and acknowledged. What isn't made so clear is that most immigrant groups had their own Mafia's - but most of them made their money and went legit. And why not? Who wants to die in jail?<br /><br />Joseph Bonanno was a ruthless man prepared to kill if needs be  but not an unfair or stupid one. His story was tragic in that he could have made money in the over ground world and he showed a special skill in avoiding getting killed. With a little bit of luck attached naturally.<br /><br />Despite the range of respectable names and three actors in the title role (Bruce Ramsay Martin Landau and Tony Nardi) there isn't the charisma or the talent to bring us in and feel anything. We are - merely - passive observers in a life we are glad not to have lead. The people shown here were born in to a cruel world but their only mark was to make it crueler.<br /><br />If you can't get enough of the gangster genre that will be better than watching Godfather 1 & 2 for the tenth time and it is even better -- as basic entertainment -- than the horrible misfire that was Godfather 3.
critique3604 This isn't the best romantic comedy ever made but it is certainly pretty nice and watchable. It's directed in an old-fashioned way and that works fine. Cybill Shepherd as Corinne isn't bad in her role as the woman who can't get over her husband's death. She has a sexy maturity. But I can't say much for Ryan O'Neal as Philip because he is at best nondescript. He may be adequate in the role but that's not good enough.<br /><br />However I get the feeling that some of the characters particularly Alex and Miranda are not written with enough in-depth thought. We don't know anything else about them because minutes after they appear the story gets thick and the writers don't tell us much beyond what happens. But that problem was salvaged because Mary Stuart Masterson has a fresh-as-a-daisy sweetness to brighten it up and Robert Downey Jr. is so charming that he melts the screen. Even his smile is infectious. And it so happens that his big dreamy eyes are perfect for the deja vu and flashback scenes.<br /><br />Anyway this movie is light and easy and if you like them that way why not give it a try.<br /><br />
critique3605 Miyazaki's Studio Ghibli shows his wonderful touch animating infusing life in every little action of the characters in Ponyo. When Sosuke puts down so carefully his little boat to reach for the red fish you know that you'll have a very good time watching this movie. <br /><br />The characters are interesting and you really care for them. They recall visually other stories Riisa seems a grown up Nausicaa with a son an old lady in wheelchair remembers the witch in Howl's Moving Castle.<br /><br />The presence of the elements wind rain and the sea with its great powerful waves is so strong that I think it has never been evoked in such a way in any other movie. It is a simple story loosely inspired by "the little mermaid" and it reach for the very heart of the audience just like Totoro the other Miyazaki's true masterpiece. <br /><br />An instant classic with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits. Don't miss it.
critique3606 As a longtime admirer of the 2001 film "Moulin Rouge" and a more recent admirer of Jean Renoir's film-making I knew that I'd inevitably watch his "French Cancan" sooner or later. The movie tells a fictionalized story of the opening of the Moulin Rouge nightclub. The impresario Danglard (Jean Gabin) tries to turn Montmartre laundress Nini (FranÃƒÂ§oise Arnoul) into a cancan star without arousing the wrath of his tempestuous mistress the belly-dancing Lola (Maria Felix). This is just one of several love triangles in "French Cancan"--true to stereotype these French showbiz folk are always falling in love.<br /><br />Renoir directs with his typical gentle humor and attention to supporting characters and also wrote the lyrics to a beautiful waltz song prominently featured in the movie. Gabin perfectly incarnates the aging French playboy hero. Arnoul is a cute redhead who holds her own in the dance numbers except for a few trick shots where a double is obviously used.<br /><br />"French Cancan" is billed as a musical comedy and while there are lots of musical numbers that take place on the nightclub stage etc. only one character Casimir ever breaks into song in the middle of conversation. The actor who plays him Philippe Clay is fun to watch--a really tall skinny young man who sings dances and does contortions.<br /><br />The movie ends with a long cancan sequence as all the characters learn to triumph over their problems and make art together. The dancing is much more brightly lit and coherently edited than in "Moulin Rouge"; in fact if I have one complaint about "French Cancan" it's that the whole thing is a little too Technicolor. Even when Nini experiences heartbreak or someone sings a melancholy song the lighting is bright and flat no shadows intruding. Yes the result is a cheerful and warmhearted musical comedy; it's just that I can't help thinking that things weren't ever this colorful and innocent in real life.
critique3607 ... with a single act.<br /><br />Charlie Wilson congressman a real character. During the 90s when the communism on USSR the Wall of Berlin and the war on Afhganistan (with the Soviets) broke over. He did it a single denial for money and everything went down. He should be remembered so here it is. His memorial.<br /><br />Back to the movie. Funny dramatic snob politic or just boring. Anyways it's a smart movie about politic life about ruling the world and about above all a lesson to the world. A lesson to every politic out there a critical point of view referring to countries who support wars with money guns and words.<br /><br />Lesson Learned - World isn't a nice place to live in
critique3608 It's a little disconcerting to have a character named Gig Young in a movie...played by Gig Young. But this film is where Gig got his name and also a nice career boost after playing small parts under another name.<br /><br />I'm going to go against the majority of the other comments and state that I really enjoyed this film mainly because of the vibrant performance of Barbara Stanwyck as Fiona. She was funny angry vulnerable caring and feisty as the oldest of three daughters whose mother died on the Lusitania and whose father was later killed during Woar War I. <br /><br />As the "man" of the house Fiona has stood steadfast for years against settling her father's will which would therefore allow a Donald Trump type named Charles Barclay to get the family home. But Fiona's keeping a secret as to why she hates Barclay so much. Geraldine Fitzgerald is the middle flirty sister who is married to an Englishman but craves her youngest sister's boyfriend (Gig Young).<br /><br />If you're a Stanwyck fan this is a no miss.
critique3609 This movie will not sit well with some but it is a must view. I am glad someone finally brought up for discussion the realities of HOW African American couples worked to make a name in communities and how many of them felt trying to stay there as "other" African Americans moved in.<br /><br />(Minor Spoilers)<br /><br />This little Showtime film is almost like a Spike Lee Joint...you have an African American male (Danny Glover) who worked his way HARD through the traditionally white law profession positions in the 1970's. Like ANY American he moved his family to be compatable with his upwardly mobile status but forgot there was still alot of problems going on. The only African Americans in the neighborhood at the time was the maids. One owning a home? Wow.<br /><br />Then the blending in began. His wife (Whoopi Goldberg) is told to "get involved" so she does what all the other women in her neighborhood do. And just when the man thinks he and his family are "in" right next door comes another African American who got in because they won the "lotto" (Mo'nique) and in his eyes and he wants nothing to do with them for he doesn't want the neighborhood to think they are alike. He of course is of a better calibre his new neighbor is "ghetto" not an shouldn't be there! Who's got a problem now?<br /><br />What this film shows you is the great pains it takes for this family to fit in and how they lose themselves in the process. It makes you question where does racism begin and end...and with whom. It shows how no matter what colour you are and how much money you have you can still shut yourself off from the real world and helping those around you. It also shows how these African American children when "blending in" neighborhoods such as these fall into the trap of changing themselves to suit the culture (complete with blonde hair and blue eyes mind you!) around them. They laugh along with the jokes not knowing they ARE the joke and not knowing..why.<br /><br />But overall this film is about 'people'. No matter what race you are this film gets into how terrible you can be towards your neighbor and toward each other...all for the sake of fitting in..all because you feel you have more money than others so that automatically makes you better -- and you forget the struggles you had and those coming up behind you.<br /><br />Again NOT for everyone. But take a look and judge for yourself.<br /><br />
critique3610 Alfred Hitchcock shows originality in the remake of his own 1934 British film "The Man Who Knew Too Much". This 1956 take on the same story is much lighter than the previous one. Mr. Hitchcock was lucky in having collaborators that went with him from one film to the next thus keeping a standard in his work. Robert Burks did an excellent job with the cinematography and George Tomasini's editing shows his talent. Ultimately Bernard Herrmann is seen conducting at the magnificent Royal Albert Hall in London at the climax of the picture.<br /><br />James Stewart was an actor that worked well with Mr. Hitchcock. In this version he plays a doctor from Indiana on vacation with his wife and son. When we meet him they are on their way to Marrakesh in one local bus and the intrigue begins. His wife is the lovely Doris Day at her best. She had been a well known singer before her marriage and now is the perfect wife and mother. The film has some good supporting cast Brenda DeBanzie Bernard Miles Daniel Gelin Alan Mowbray among others do a great job in portraying their characters.<br /><br />Although this is a "light Hitchcock" one can't dismiss it as a failure. "The Man Who Knew Too Much" is a change of pace for Hitchcock's fans.
critique3611 Well... What to say.<br /><br />I think i shall start with a confession. I have cried 4 times in my life. once when my dad died twice due to a girlfriend in high school and at the end of this film. This film deals with the real confronting issues of 6 school kids forcing them quite uncomfortably into the open for all the world to see. i have never seen a film that deals with the human emotional condition as well as this. everything from incest to incontinence is covered here and i doubt there are many people who are safe from the sting of familiarity with at least a couple of scenes.<br /><br />It starts off with a suicide. at 2:37pm. then without letting you know who it was that died the story begins to be told from the start of the day. it follows the lives of 6 school kids up until 2:37pm. it interchangeably and edited with personal interviews of the 6 teenagers lets you know everything about their lives. their loves hates dreams desires secrets shame false confidence self loathing corruption and arrogance. the overall outcome of which is a sort of "whodunnit" trying to discover the identity of the suicidal before it is revealed at the end of the film. without spoiling anything i must let you know. do not feel cheated by the ending. it contains a very important lesson.<br /><br />And now a warning. this film is definitely NOT for the faint hearted. Many people actually walked out of the cinema half way through when i saw it. Disgusted by some of it's content. Or perhaps it's that it's sometimes hard to face the cold hard truth of reality. This is what high school is like for many people. i'm sure most would agree.
critique3612 I.Q. in my opinion is a sweet charming and hilarious romantic comedy about finding the right person for you. If you ask me James (Stephen Fry) really was a dull guy. To me Ed (Tim Robbins) was more suited for Catherine (Meg Ryan) than James was. Anyway everyone involved in this film did an absolutely outstanding job. Now in conclusion I highly recommend this sweet charming and hilarious romantic comedy about finding the right person for you to any Tim Robbins or Meg Ryan fan who hasn't seen it. You're in for lots of laughter so go to the video store rent it or buy it kick back with a friend and watch it.
critique3613 This movie came aside as a shock in the eighties.Far from trendsthat is to say in the heart of sincere creativityBabettes gaestebud stands as one of the finest movies of its time.Stephane Audranthe wonderful actress of her ex-husband Claude Chabrol's greatest achievements (le boucherla ruptureles noces rougesall unqualified musts for movie buffs)gave a lifetime performance.To see her prepare with love and affection her meal is a feast for the eyes.All the people who saw this masterpiece actually tastedate Babette's culinary triumph. But the most moving part of the story is its conclusion:Babette was a great French chefshe was famousnow she found a new homeland but her heyday is behind her and she won't never be allowed to come back to her dear France.So the two old sisters do comfort her:In heaventhere will be huge kitchens where she cooks for eternity.While sharing her fortune with her new friendsBabette changed their lifeshe gave them pleasure and a magic evening they would remember forever.In this simple but extraordinary screenplayhuman warmth is everywhereand I wish everybody a Babette's feastwould it be only for one starry night...
critique3614 I don't know why some people criticise that show so much.<br /><br />It is a great funny show - probably not the right material for mainstream prime-time but still...<br /><br />The family dynamics are funny and all in all the same you see in most comedy shows. The supporting characters are absolutely hilarious. The plots of the individual episodes and the frequent Siegfried & Roy jibes are only just above average but ever so often you have sub-plots or one-liners that make you roll on the floor laughing.<br /><br />This show was well worth the 8 Pounds I paid for it.<br /><br />rating: 8/10
critique3615 For a made for TV movie I thought that it was a great popcorn movie - don't expect anything to be very accurate and don't expect any award winners in this bunch but I do recommend this for a TV type version somewhat like "The Replacements". Look for cameos from real NFL players & officials.
critique3616 I enjoyed Still Crazy more than any film I have seen in years. A successful band from the 70's decide to give it another try. They start by playing some gigs in some seedy European venues with hilarious results. The music is fantastic the script and acting are terrific. The characters are spot on especially the lead singer with the high heavy metal voice makeup and personality problems. The concert at the end was unreal. Go and see it preferably in a cinema with a good sound system :)
critique3617 This is one of the great movies of the 80s in MY collection that I think about all the time. <br /><br />The Running Man is one of Arnold`s best and most different films even to this day and when I first saw The Running Man I was so excited to see a movie like this. I just adore all of the fights and this is truly a special movie. It also has Jesse Ventura the legendary Professor Toru Tanaka Sven-Ole Thorsen the beautiful Maria Conchita Alonso Yaphet Kotto Kurt Fuller Richard Dawson and Thomas Rosales Jr. who seems to always like death in his movies because he has been killed in such films as Universal Solder The Lost World Robo Cop 2 Predator 2 and among others. All Arnold fans should love this film from the beginning to the end because its action packed star filled and its one its one of Arnold`s best to date!
critique3618 Mesmerizing breathtaking and horrifying this hauntingly beautiful film is the "Apocalypse Now" without fiction. Slow in pace quiet in mood it gives good glimpses of the poisoned patches of Earth that may well be signs of an inevitable doom.<br /><br />There is no doubt in my mind -- the nature is plagued and we are the disease. Greed the very essence of humanity that drives evolution and progress has turned us into something like cancer on its way to consume the host and die with it...<br /><br />Manufactured Landscapes is quite an unforgettable viewing experience - at least I'll never regard my toaster and iron the same way again.
critique3619 To all the reviewers on this page I would have to say this movie is worth seeing. So It was made in 1972 so what. The fashion in the movie was exactly the same fashion of its time. People who didn't study culture of the decades would think that this movie is a cheese ball. Compared to the modern series `Left Behind' (Which is made for our time right now) it does look cheezy. However the only cheezy part of the movie is the fashion which again was over 30 years in the past. BUT. The message that is sent in this film is very powerful and carefully preserved. There is just so much to say but I refuse to say it. (for fear of spoiling it) So go out and see this film! If you don't like the message that it sends then you have issues that need some attention!
critique3620 I saw this flick on the big screen as a kid and loved it -- cheeziness and all. Recently I found a copy on video and checked it out again. Badly made sure... schlocky fun most definitely. It still packs an entertaining punch. It's much more fun than the dull Disney version ("Alive"). The only thing "Alive" did better were the special effects. If you're a lover of B-movies I highly recommend "Survive" not to mention all the other Rene Cardona Jnr movies... and the Mexican wrestling flicks made by his father (Rene Cardona Snr). "Survive" is long overdue for DVD special edition treatment. Are you listening all you kind folk at Anchor Bay...?
critique3621 The Sentinel i was hoping would be a good film and boy i was right.A great story first of all from a novel and i thought this was an original story but i guess it wasn't and it was a very smart story. Michael Douglas in this film is very good and Keither Sutherland is toobut however it is very hard to shrug him off his role as Jack Bauer in 24 but eventually you do and he is very different in The Sentinel than he is in 24.also another person trying to shrug off their TV role but failed.Eva Longeria.She wasn't that good in the film and had a back seat in the entire thing.After i saw the film i had constant dreams about The Sentinel and couldn't sleep.Overall Sentinel is a good film and i would recommend it.
critique3622 I read Schneebaum's book (same title as this film) when it was first published and was deeply moved by his ability to see through the many ways of "otherness" (his own and the people of the Amazon with whom he lived and loved) to a way of living a decent life. His subsequent books were not as powerful but showed his continuing quest. His description of his sexual relations with the men of the tribe was way ahead of its time in the early 60's but his honesty and openness about it were welcome. This movie beautifully conveys both the quirkiness and generosity of the man but also provides a glimpse into the inevitable destruction of innocence (which is not a morally positive term in this case) that occurs when "civilized" men intrude on traditional societies. Even so Schneebaum himself has moved into a kind of higher innocence that suggests the possibility of saving humanity from its own destructiveness.
critique3623 Pandora's Clock is among the best thrillers you will ever read and this is one of the best thrillers you will ever see. A highly faithful adaptation of John J. Nance's novel which had a frightfully real scenario in the novelis made even more so here. <br /><br />Despite being made for TV this is first rate entertainment. The cast is great and slips into characters from the novel so well that you would think they were reading the novel. Richard Dean Anderson steps way outside the shadow of Macgyver and gives the best performance of his career to date. Jane Leeves is great her role as an ambassador's assistant in a role that proves she can be a fine dramatic actor. Daphne Zuniga is great as Dr. Sanders and despite the character being a man in the book it works incredibly well. Robert Loggia Edward Herrmann Robert Guillaume and the rest of the supporting cast are top notch and fit their novel counterparts tot he letter.<br /><br />There are changes to the story of course (including and a slight change in the ending) but those changes are for the better when compared with the novel. The plot is realistic and very see to believe in the way its presented making this the best airplane set movie since the original Airport movie. The production values are high and though the special effects might look as good as they did a decade or so ago they work fine. Sets are great especially CIA HQ and the Oval Office showing that the filmmakers spent a lot of time to make this work.<br /><br />It doesn't matter if you see this first and read then read the novel or vice versa. Just do both and you won't regret losing four hours to this film and however long it takes to read the novel. This will leave you breathless.
critique3624 Noll's comfortable way of rolling out blunt comments often with expletives to describe things that he is more knowledgeable about than most is quite refreshing. There is one other character in the film that constantly tries to verbalize complicated issues using more language than necessary. This guy should never have been given a Thesaurus. Cut to Noll and you know you're in for a treat!<br /><br />The way the pioneers of big wave surfing are portrayed is very evocative of a "lost era". Nevermind the fact that no one knows how these guys made a living much less took care of issues like medical care. The use of old film clips throughout was masterfully done.
critique3625 Of all the movies I have seen and that's most of them this is by far the best one made that is primarily about the U.S. Naval Airships (Blimps) during the WW-II era. Yes there are other good LTA related movies but most use special effects more than any real-time shots. This Man's Navy has considerably more real-time footage of blimps etc. True lots of corny dialog but that's what makes more interesting Hollywood movies even today. P.S. I spent 10 years(out of 20) and have over 5000 hours in Navy Airships of all types from 1949 through 1959. Proud member of the Naval Airship Association etc. ATC(LA/AC) USN Retired
critique3626 This was one of the highlights of ST:TNG's semi-forgettable second season before they 'grew up' or grew into their own in the third season and beyond. This was not only a showcase for up-and-comers like Bill Campbell and Teri Hatcher but was also the continuation of Data's search for his 'humanity' this time through the concept of comedy. Still one of my favorite episodes.<br /><br />On a side-note I'm still disappointed that there is no credit for the actress with whose character Okona was about to have a tryst(after Teri Hatcher's character) before being rudely interrupted by Lt Worf. I remember watching this episode 'first-run' at my friends comic shop back in the day and we all thought she would've been a perfect Jean Grey/Marvel Girl.<br /><br />It would be nice to know who this pretty lady actually is...
critique3627 Weak start solid middle fantastic finish. That's my impression of this film anyway. I liked Simon Pegg in the two films I've seen him in--- Hot Fuzz and Shaun of the Dead. His role here though took a completely different turn. Shows his range as an actor but nonetheless I really disliked th character as he was portrayed at the beginning.<br /><br />There's a kind of humour I call "frustration comedy." Its supposed "jokes" and wit are really nothing more than painful and awkward moments. Much like the Bean character Rowan Atkinmson plays. There are a number of other comedic actors who portray similar characters too. I don't mean to bash them here so will not.<br /><br />But do be warned that if you are like me and you dislike smarmy and maddeningly bungling idiots Pegg shows just such characteristics for the first third of this film. It DOES get better however.<br /><br />I read somewhere that this is based on a true story. Hmmm. Maybe. The film's story stopped being annoying and became kind of a triumph of the "little guy" in the final third. I don't need all films to be sugar and light--- but coincidentally as this film got better it also started to be more and more of a happy ending.<br /><br />It was also a pleasure to see an old favourite Jeff Bridges play a role so masterfully. I liked "Iron Man" but was saddened by the fact that Bridges' character was a villain. Purely personal taste of course as his acting in that was superb. Nonetheless he was a marvel here as the Bigger Than Life man of vision the publisher of Sharps. It was nice to see him in a role that I could actually enjoy.<br /><br />Overall then I liked it! I just wish I had come in 40 minutes late and missed the beginning.
critique3628 While caricatures and/or references to entertainment industry people or things or even brands of products is usually a staple in shorts like this one they aren't used in quantity here. Most of the individual gags are rather generic. As I'm going to give examples there will be spoilers below: <br /><br />There are only three (well technically four-there's a quick one at the very end of the cartoon) caricatures that I spotted which is kind of low for this type of short though one is a featured character with a fair amount of activity. They are Jack Benny (as Jack Bunny) Leopold Stowkowski and the inimitable Ned Sparks (as a crab on a can-chances are very good that if a crab was involved in a Warner Brothers short in the 1930s-1940s the caricature used would be Ned Sparks). There are also references to Billy Rose's Aquacade and a riff on a radio show character called "Henry Aldrich" (Coming mother!) a play on Superman (Superguy here) and the villain is a take-off on "King Kong". That's it for that kind of gag.<br /><br />The products themselves are mostly generic and the gags are more plays on basic items in unusual situations such as turtles coming off of cans of soup to attack the villain as tanks tomato soup cans doing "The can-can' gingerbread men who turn into paratroopers using tissues for parachutes and so on. The gags are very good and it's an excellent example of a Bob Clampett cartoon. Clampett had hit his stride as a director by this point and while it isn't anywhere near his best work it's nothing to sneeze at either. This short can be found on Looney Tunes Golden Collection Vol. 3 which is an excellent set that I highly recommend. This short itself is also recommended.
critique3629 The Andrew Davies adaptation of the Sarah Waters' novel was excellent. The characters of Nan and and Kitty were superbly portrayed by Rachael Stirling and Kelley Hawes respectively. The whole series was a total joy to watch. It caught the imagination of everyone across the board whether straight or gay. I wish there could be a sequel!
critique3630 OK so I'm not usually one that runs out and rents foreign movies...especially foreign dark comedies. I think I can count on one hand the number of films that I found genuinely hilarious from beginning to end. This movie will be added to the short list. Even dark comedies right out of Hollywood sometimes turn me off because they require an incredibly dry sense of humor. But this one had my eyes welling up with tears. My sides hurt. I haven't laughed that hard in a long time. This movie was recommended by my mother and I don't think I would have even dreamed of watching it had she not raved about it. Don't be afraid of having to read during your movie - you'll miss out on a hilariously well-acted flick.
critique3631 A great story although one we are certainly familiar with. Meryl Streep proves that she is truly the best actress in film today. Very entertaining and just what I expected. Don't go see this film unless you are prepared to be used and manipulated emotionally but if you have that expectation then you will enjoy the ride.....
critique3632 For me this is a good series. I am kind of disappointed that Ana Lucia and Libby died but more upset that Micheal lied to everyone about who killed them. And if any one can answer this what was that guys name who was supposedly "Henry Gale" he was like the leader of the others (or was that Ms. Clue??) anyway if you know his name cool. Well trying to think of what can possibly happen next after they finally didn't press the button. Does that mess up the whole DARMA project thing and i personally thought it was cool how they had that key thing underground that Desmond used to shut off the magnet thing yeah and what was the whole point of that? I am just glad they didn't press the button finally but what happens to the people in the hatch? Like Mr. Echo John Charlie and well Desmond probably died but what about the others? I think they survived I forget? well this is just my little thing on what i thought about this season finale!!!
critique3633 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3634 Closet Land is an amazing terrifying piece of cinema. It features only two actors in a single set but never loses your attention. The set design is imaginative and troubling the staging of scenes maintains your attention while adding to your own sense of confusion and terror. The acting is outstanding with Alan Rickman and Madeleine Stowe having the duty of carrying every scene.<br /><br />I first saw this film in 1991 soon after it came out on video. It didn't play in theaters where I lived; not surprising given its political content. It should be seen though. It features a brilliant staging of the torture and interrogation techniques used by repressive societies to instill fear and obedience in its citizens. The country is never named which makes it all the more striking. It could be anywhere; East West 3rd World 1st World. It illustrates what happens when a small group of people decide what is best for everyone; when government becomes the ruler of the citizens rather than the servant.<br /><br />Madeleine Stowe is a children's author who has been dragged from her bed in the night and subjected to terror and torture. She finds herself in a room with Alan Rickman a seemingly pleasant functionary. At first it seems a horrible mistake and she is free to go; but fear causes her to remain and the terror escalates. She is increasingly subjected to physical and mental torture. The interrogator uses sensory deprivation temporal manipulation confusion auditory manipulation role play and twisted logic to break down the author. She is humiliated and browbeaten forced to endure strenuous bodily positions deprived of food and water.<br /><br />Through it all she refuses to give in; to do what the interrogator asks. She is told that it will all end if she just signs a confession. A simple little act. She refuses. Through it all she employs defense mechanisms that have developed since childhood. It is slowly revealed that she was the victim of childhood sexual abuse. To survive she developed fantasy worlds and characters that would take her away from the abuse. These mechanisms allow her to transcend her torture and turn the tables on her interrogator. She starts attacking his own beliefs and profession forcing him to examine his own life and motives. In the end she is free because she maintains the freedom of thought. The interrogator is the one trapped by the state.<br /><br />This movie was made during the height of the Cold war Apartheid and at a time when the crimes of many governments throughout the world made daily news. It is even more timely in a world where "enemy combatants" are held and interrogated in secret prisons denied legal rights or counsel; where "ethnic cleansing" lays waste to whole societies and humanitarian aid is denied. It demonstrates that the individual can stand up to the state or other oppressor by refusing to give in to fear and terror.
critique3635 While this film might not be the next Evil Dead ( Hell who knows maybe it will it has only been out for a year) It is worth a look. Don't expect a $10 million film. cuz you'll be disappointed. DO expect to be entertain to laugh and to enjoy the experience.All in all this film is MUCH better than many if not all of the low budget horror films out there. I have seen films that spent more than 10 or 20 times what this film cost to make and turned out 10000000000 times worse. The effort that was put into this film far out weighs the set backs it faces by having a limited budget. Movies are meant to entertain and this movie sure does that. In fact this film might even open up new doors for you in movie watching. It's available on Netflix if not your local video rental store. So watch it then decide.
critique3636 After high-school graduation best friends Alice and Darlene decide to take a trip to Thailand. Whilst they are there they meet a charming Australian guy named Nick. After spending some time with Nick he asks them if they want to take a weekend trip to Hong Kong with him. They agree. At the airport though they are get busted for smuggling drugs and then get convicted for 33 years in a Thai prison for something they say they haven't done. Not really knowing what to do they end contacting Yankee Hank an American lawyer who lives in Thailand with his wife. Word has it that if you have the money he can help you. Things start of well but they still can't get out.<br /><br />The movie is really good because it doesn't let on what's going to happen and it's interesting all the time. I couldn't believe the ending though. It was one of those endings where you don't know the 100% truth but you still kind of know what really happened with Nick and the drug smuggling because of the 'owning up' etc. <br /><br />Claire Danes and Kate Beckinsale both give quite good performances here. Beckinsales performance was a little weak though. Both Danes and Beckinsales characters friendship is good but could of seemed stronger. Paul Walker even has a small uncredited role here. ;)<br /><br />Anyway I thought Brokedown Palace was a good movie and I give it a 7/10.
critique3637 He glorified himself as a great supporting actor in `Glory' he proved he was no `Malcolm in the Middle' mediocre actor in `Malcolm X' he showed his brotherly love for acting in `Philadelphia' he pulled a slam dunk in `He Got Game' he pulled no punches and rocked us like a hurricane in `The Hurricane' he provided us effective thespian education in `Training Day' and now he has demonstrated that he could also direct! Denzel Washington's directorial debut `Antwone Fisher' is the most moving film of the year. This tearjerker `fish'er story is in no relation to the debacle that happened to the Miami Dolphins in the 4th quarter against the New England Patriots in the last game of the 2002 season. Unlike that Dolphin tragedy `Antwone Fisher' possesses an emotional joyous conclusion. The movie is based on a true story about a young naval officer who has an anger management problem due to the abhorrent he suffered as a foster child. Denzel plays the naval psychologist who helps Antwone overcome his rage and convinces him to find his natural mother. Derek Luke's debut performance as Antwone is the best admirable acting I have seen by a novice actor in some time now. I actually saw some of the detailed eccentricities in Luke's acting as I have seen in Washington's past performances. It was like if Washington was telling Luke- ` la la la Luke I am your acting father'. Ok! I will lay off the Star Wars jokes before my readers send me to a galaxy far far away. Speaking of the great Denzel his work as the psychologist was masterful. But what can you expect from the acting `Master D' himself. `Antwone Fisher' was written by no other than Antwone Fisher himself. The emotional pathos he inserted in his storylife's screenplay was of `fisher king' material. I hail to the chief `Mr. Washington' in catching the right bait in `Antwone Fisher'. ***** Excellent
critique3638 If you want to have a great time then this is THE movie to watch.<br /><br />Take the premise - There is this college which admits people with minimum qualifications of BA B.Com M.Com MA MBA MCA B.E. M.Tech and BCA. So you have to take into account the time consumed and thus it is obvious that all students are 40+ Also the school admits students of a 'heavier' dispensation and has a course of P.Hd in weight loss and the only student who failed this course is Manisha Koirala. Only she was a snake in the past life. Still not convinced? OK read on.<br /><br />Here's a scene. Akshay Kumar a college student is chased by Arman and he takes out a bazooka and shoots him! Then throws grenades. Then one of the grenades hits Akshay. But doesn't die and continues to fight Arman the snake plunges a half foot dagger into Akshay and stomps on it but Akshay is still there. Then Akshay gets on a jet ski and follows Arman. They fight and Arman chokes Akshay underwater and finally Akshay is dead. So we think as soon as Arman is out of the picture Akshay swims away to Raj Babbar Principal of this college + Boxing Refree + Parapsychology ka professor + mumbling priest.<br /><br />But no one I repeat no one takes the cake but a certain Mr. Nigam. You gotto watch to learn more. :-)
critique3639 Is there any question that Jeffrey Combs is one of the true horror greats? This movie seriously doesn't suck and is sort of funny... Watching a young Combs at work is great but I wish he had had more lines. Look out for Beyond Re-Animator. It's going to kick some azz.
critique3640 Over the years I've come to be a fan of director/writer Barry Levinson and he didn't let me down with this very funny look at politics. Popular TV comedian Tom Dobbs(Robin Williams)has enlightened the nation with his scathing jokes about the state of the country and elected politicians responsible. Night after night he has his fans rolling in the isles; then the question is proposed that Dobbs run for president himself. His manager Jack Menken(Christopher Walken)says go for it. Dobb's flippant truisms flames a grass-root movement that puts him on the ballot. Comedian to President-Elect. Meanwhile a young woman(Laura Linney)finds a flaw in the computer system that will count the ballots coast to coast. My favorite sequence is Linney's meltdown in the coffee shop.Williams is absolutely hysterical with his rapid quips. Others of note in the cast: Jeff Goldblum Lewis Black and Rick Roberts.
critique3641 SPOILER ALERT!!!! This was my son's review of the movie which he wanted me to post.He wrote this I swear.<br /><br />With Malcolm in the Middle's Frankie Muniz and Nickelodeon's Amanda Bynes they get to go to show business. They team up on the actor Paul Giamatti. He stole Jason Shepherd's essay on Big Fat Liar and makes it in to a movie. Jason (Frankie Muniz) and Kaylee (Amanda Bynes) have to go to L.A. to get it back. Jason's dad does not believe that he wrote that essay. So every time they see each other Jason asks Wolf (Paul Giamatti) to give Jason's dad a call because he wants his essay BACK!!!! Wolf does not make the movie but the President of the company makes it. At the end the family and Kaylee see the movie Made by Wolf Pictures and based on a real story written by Jason Shepherd.
critique3642 I loved this movie! So worth the long running time. I need help with the ending though....<br /><br />*SPOILER*<br /><br />The final shot of Marie at the end - Is this to suggest that she is still searching for Renaud? or possibly that she was the one who wanted to reinvigorate the 13? (she seemed to be the one who delivered the initial letter to Colin in the first place) I don't quite understand it but I know I really liked it. So if anyone has seen this and remembers it or has just seen it please elaborate on the ending.<br /><br />Thanks
critique3643 i am in a vast minority here. i also didn't much care for the original caddyshack aside from the chase/murray duo scene and select rodney jokes. okay break it down: rodney vs. jackie- both jewish and have similar humor. rodney's a bigger name and more distinct. jackie has an incidental and more observational approach to his jokes and is more 'up yours' in this sequel. jackie's attitude toward everything is memorable and in a way inspirational! his quick lines and over-confidence left me wishing i could express myself in such a way. rodney was good but there wasn't enough of him and he was more 'in your face' and dismissive. jackie in a rare film appearance makes a perfect sub for rodney (come on a gun shaped hair dryer?!?!) really look at the little things!<br /><br />stack vs. knight- both play snobby yuppies very well. ted knight despite his wonderful tv/film career kinda shows his age. but he does pull off the snobbish demands of the part and we want to see him fall. ted looks kinda weak and is pretty annoying playing his anger and frustration too slapstick while stack is more incidentally snide and vengeful; you really hate him and enjoy see him constantly fail. stack wins with me.<br /><br />murray vs. aykroyd- well both had great vintage SNL-like scenes with the ever-present and enjoyable chevy chase (ty webb). i did like the murray/chase one better. murray plays his great annoying chatty character with obvious improv skill and is loveable- yet annoying. and the exact same can be said for aykroyd. both get annoying after a while but it's a tie.<br /><br />i really loved part 2 over the first. they are 2 totally different mooded films. part one is more drug/bathroom/sex humor with a cast full of great names. part 2 uses golf as a backdrop for a 'stick-it-to-the-rich' type of comedy that makes one feel better about being working class. 80s script? yes. a bit far-fetched? yes but wasn't the first? an insult to the sport of golf? yes it's a movie. thin story? yes it's a comedy with actual humor- not 'dances with wolves'!! besides- part 2 has a much better soundtrack!! PLEASE- DON'T EXPECT THIS TO BE A SEQUEL TO PART ONE!! IT IS 98% ITS OWN MOVIE AND SHOULDN'T EVEN HAVE THE NAME 'CADDYSHACK' IN IT. that said i am a big fan of caddyshack 2 and it is a great exponent of 80s fluff entertainment with quality humor. VIVA JACKIE MASON!!! to all the reducers- lighten up! it's a great comedy of its own. randy quaid was wonderful jonathan silverman was wonderful heck everyone was!! all this chatting and now i feel like watching it! i think i will
critique3644 This is exactly what Australian Television and Australian Politics needs people with a sense of humour!!! Good on ABC for supporting these guys. The show is based around a couple of Aussie blokes who know how to take the mickey out of politicians or other people in the limelight. The boys use Sydney as their main base for making a splash in the public. Keep an eye out for the Crazy Wharehouse Guy or Mr Ten Questions. The guys who perform these acts are the same guys that presented CNNN. If you enjoyed CNNNN and the Glasshouse then you will love this show. I am still interested in knowing which stunts are real and which are purely acting because there are some questionable actions made by the guys...
critique3645 Cinderella is one of Disney's greatest films one of those films I think you appreciate more the older you get. Disney creates a magical adaptation of the classic fairytale. I consider the film to have been the greatest of his films at the time of its release. The characters became more dimensional than earlier films creating more depth to appreciate the characters more. Cinderella herself is in my opinion one of the greatest characters Disney ever created. With her kindness and dash of dry humor she is extremely likeable; however it is the inspiration she provides which makes her memorable. Like many people she is an endless dreamer and she holds onto her dreams never giving up. Even in the most adverse of situations her dreams endure and she won't let anyone take that away from her. Her example should serve as inspiration to everyone and encouragement to never let go of your dreams.
critique3646 Kurosawa weaves a tale that has a cast of characters as diverse as any Shakespearean drama and the acting is true to the story with each star playing their role as a part of the larger tale. It is touching funny and intriguing in all parts. The character development is near perfect the cinematography is vivid and engaging and the story draws you in.<br /><br />I would like to say that the "Samurai freaks" and those obsessed with late 18th and 19th century dynastic tales of Japan may snub this film as not Kurosawa's best work. Perhaps not his best but even at his worst Kurosawa is better than many of the best. This story is so based in elevating the mundane lives of ordinary people in a time of great change that it is timeless despite being set in the not-so-distant past.<br /><br />I would heartily recommend this to any movie buff and especially to those who are likely to continue on to read the novel on which the film is based.
critique3647 In Fassbinder's earlier films his ideas sometimes surpased his ability to execute them. He was always a great writer but it took him some time to get his style of camera work and storytelling down pat.<br /><br />The Merchant of Four Seasons is one of Fassbinder's first movie to make great use of color from the bright green pears in the merchant's cart to the bright red roses at the funeral (a funeral in a Fassbinder movie? who'd have thought).<br /><br />His camera work was getting there too but it was still fairly minimalist. The occasional zooms seem a bit uncomfortable at times and unnatural but then again Fassbinder was still coming out of his purely avant garde phase. This might be because Michael Ballhaus isn't behind the camera but instead the slightly inferior Dietrich Lohmann.<br /><br />Still this is Fassbinder and you get your fix here. Broken dreams shown so vividly and unflinchingly as to alienate audience and drive them into a depressed stupor. Just what the doctor ordered. An early classic that shows remarkable progression when compared to his first films released only 2 years prior.
critique3648 Adorable! I saw Domestic Import in Philly in October with my kids. We all liked it so much that we saw it a second time with my parents. I haven't heard them laugh like that in years! It was the first time that I can remember seeing a movie that my parents and my kids could enjoy. It's really cute and we can't wait for it to come out on DVD. They need to make more movies like Domestic Import. It is refreshing to go to a movie that three different generations can enjoy (and not be embarrassed). I have not seen a movie this cute since My Big Fat Greek Wedding. I loved Mindy Sterling as the mother. She was also in Austin Powers. Howard Hesseman is in this too and he is hilarious. I remember him from WKRP.
critique3649 The Planet is an astounding piece of film making. For a mere Ã‚Â£8000 Stirton Production have turned out one of the most original sci-fi films for a long time.<br /><br />Starring the physically intimidating Mike Mitchell the film is a mix of great special effects strong storytelling and well planned action. From the opening space battle to the pounding finale everything about this film appears well above it's budget.<br /><br />To start with the special effects while certainly not "Revenge Of The Sith" standard they are on level if not above the likes of Babylon 5 and Farscape. And for a snip of a price as well. The detail and the movement is superb and captures the imagination from the off. The design of everything ships weapons entities is second to none. The imagination and creativity involved is a real surprise for a film of this budget.<br /><br />Another surprise was the strength of the story and the arc it takes. There are a few twists and turn most of which are well written into the script surprising and well played out. I was surprised that two years in the making and first imagined 15 years ago how relevant some aspects of the story are to today's society. With the happenings around the world there may be a certain resonance with the lengths the mercenaries are forced to go to in order to survive.<br /><br />Even the sounds effects are spot on as is the atmospheric music. The use of light and costume add further to the professional look. Balmedie Beach in Aberdeen looks a desolate and lonely place.<br /><br />In all honesty this film looks 10 if not 100 times the budget spent and that's testament to a creative hard working team of people from the director to the cast to the effects via the producer and sound team. Wonderful effort I recommend you get your hand on a copy ASAP
critique3650 Haggard: The Movie is well written well directed and well acted. There are many laugh out loud moments and some terrific skateboarding scenes featuring Margera. The scenes of West Chester PA are filmed beautifully and the script is just downright funny. What I like about the movie is that instead of being another sappy love story or another version of "Jackass" it takes a darkly funny look at break-ups from a different perspective. Most break-up films feature a naive woman jilted by a cheating man. She then goes on to find Mr. Right and gets to tell her cheating ex to get lost. This movie takes a look at the emotional roller-coaster of a jilted man... without taking itself too seriously. Ryan Dunn does an excellent job as the jilted man and with Bam Margera and Brandon Dicamillo as your best friends trying to help you through this rough time how can you take anything too seriously? It is obvious that Margera and Co. are incredibly talented both behind and in front of the camera. I look forward to their future films and endeavors.
critique3651 This documentary is such a wonderful example of what an entertaining and amazing experience a documentary can be if done so well as this. The subject Mark is smart funny and very driven and this story of his personal fight to live his dreams will be inspiring to anyone who knows what it is like to harbor an "impossible" dream. See this mov
critique3652 Richard Attenborough is a director whose name is synonymous with the Academy Award winning 'Gandhi' back in '83. I didn't know of any other work of his till i recently came across 'Cry Freedom' released back in 1987. While it may not have been as popular as his Gandhi it is every bit as gripping if not more and was released when South Africa still had not got rid of the shackles of apartheid. While most movies on social issues come out after the event had happened i guess this one released during the time.<br /><br />The story is based on real life characters and events. The book on which the movie was based was written by Donald Woods (Kevin Kline) a journalist who used to work in South Africa until the end of the seventies. It traces the origins of Woods friendship with the charismatic black leader Steve Biko who is wonderfully portrayed by Denzel Washington. I cannot imagine a better choice for the role. Washington exudes a natural charm and screen presence which Biko's character required.<br /><br />While initially Woods was against what he felt was black racism being spread by Biko after meeting the man he could not help being drawn into his struggles and ideas. The bond between them grows stronger and Woods and his family realise and become more sensitive to the plight of the people Biko represents.<br /><br />However finally tragedy strikes and Woods must now concentrate on escaping from South Africa with his book so that he can get it published and let the outside world know what is going on. The second half of the movie is a gripping tale of his escape from South Africa along with his family and will keep you on tenterhooks.<br /><br />There are some deliciously humorous dialogues too. The scene between Biko and the lawyer in the courtroom is an example.<br /><br />Lawyer: Do you advocate violence? Biko: I advocate a confrontation. Lawyer: Well isn't that violence Mr. Biko? Biko: Not necessarily. You and I are having a confrontation now but i don't see any violence.<br /><br />However there are moments that bring you back to the horrors that pervaded the country before better sense prevailed. The scene where the army opens fire on a protest by school children is gut wrenching and heartbreaking.<br /><br />This is definitely a must watch. I would suggest those not familiar with Attenborough's work do take time out for this. There are movies which make a lot of money. And there are movies which make lives. I would any day prefer the latter.
critique3653 One can only hope that there are many times when someone as powerful as Morgan Freeman can take the time to assist someone who needs help.<br /><br />It all comes down to loving people. As Will Rogers said "I never met a man I didn't like." Of course if you meet Paz Vega what's not to like? That smile of hers can melt diamonds. She is just so fantastic that I can watch anything she is in. The same goes for Freeman. he is just magic on the screen.<br /><br />The two of them gave us a film that was funny from start to finish. From the Mexican supermarket to Lorraine & Bobby to Packy. It was tender charming and just plain funny.<br /><br />You have to check this out.
critique3654 The Incredible Melting Man is a fantastically gross trashy and energetic Z-grade production that every self-respecting camp-horror freak simply has to see for him/herself! The ideal way to describe this low-budget 70's gem is like a shameless copy of Hammer's "The Quatermass Xperiment" ...only a thousand times filthier! Astronaust Steve West is the only survivor of a disastrous space-mission but turns out the carrier of a horrible disease that makes him radioactive and ... causes him to melt! In shock after seeing his face in the mirror (can you blame him?) Steve busts out of the hospital leaving a trail of sticky pus and fallen off body parts behind. Doctor Ted Nelson has to find him urgently as the disease also set Steve up with an insatiable appetite for human flesh. The premise may sound utterly stupid but this flick is enormously entertaining and contains great make-up effects from the hand of Rick Baker. The melting dude's face looks like a rotting pizza and his heavy breathing makes him sound like Darth Vader! Another big advantage is that William Sachs' screenplay doesn't waste any time on tedious scientific explanations or emotional speeches. The repulsiveness starts right away and lasts until the very last moment of the film. Just enjoy this silly horror gem and try to switch off your brain activity as much as you can because if you start contemplating about the many stupidities in the script you'll miss out on all the campy fun!
critique3655 Gary Busey's best performance in a nicely-flowing biography. Since had a musical background he was able to do his own songs and it really works. It's always good to see that fine actor Don Stroud (one of the crickets) and Charlie Martin Smith as well.<br /><br />An 8 out of 10. Best performance = Gary Busey. Thankfully Mr. Busey was Oscar-nominated for this losing to Jon Voight in COMING HOME. A fairly low-budget flick that doesn't disappoint with GREAT SONGS by Mr. Holly. I hope this made plenty of dough. Busey was never this popular again for varying reasons but thankfully he has this one great one on his resume.
critique3656 I'm not saying that just as a Chris Rock fan I'm saying this as a person who had low expectations going in to this movie and was proved wrong. The first flaw was it's everything-works-out ending that everybody saw coming. Flaw number two was I found that the chemistry between Regina King and Chris Rock seemed fake. Finally the acting in this movie was sub-par with the best actor being Regina King and the worst being Mark Addy. but I saw past that flaw and saw a solid comedy. In a heads-up scenario watch heaven can wait instead it's better. So for all you Chris Rock fans out there WATCH THIS MOVIE you'll enjoy out. He has some good stand-up in this movie.<br /><br />Overall: 7 out of 10
critique3657 With all the misery in the world how can we not get drunk? Ã‚Â– Mia<br /><br />A lovely aerial view of a major city turns ominous with the approach of a fleet of airplane bombers; an irate hairdresser reacting to a perceived racial slur cuts a road through a businessman's bushy hair; a man dreams of being dragged to an electric chair after a failed magic trick and a teacher breaks down in front of her grade school class because her husband called her a hag. These and about fifty other vignettes that run the gamut from the outright depressing to the wildly humorous to the joyously uplifting populate Roy Andersson's You the Living his first feature since his critically acclaimed if commercially unsuccessful Songs From the Second Floor.<br /><br />You the Living is filled with the same kind of imaginative set-pieces as Songs replete with black humor surreal situations and strange looking characters. Though a bit overlong and less focused than his earlier work what remains constant is Andersson's unmistakable style with its stationary camera sterile-looking backgrounds and precise attention to detail. If there is a theme that ties the sketches together it is that our time on Earth is limited and "tomorrow's another day' so let's treat each other with kindness. Along the way we are entertained by tuba and drum music from the Louisiana Brass Band dinner guests at a banquet hall standing on their chairs singing a rousing song and a house that turns into a moving train.<br /><br />The emotions range from the gloom of a daughter attempting to communicate with an Alzheimer's patient to a young woman's ecstatic dream about marrying a handsome guitar-player named Micke to the cheers of a crowd of onlookers. While there is no continuous narrative thread the theme of greed and desperation appears in several sketches. The first of these threads features two corpulent individuals and their tiny dog sitting on a park bench the woman bewailing the fact that no one understands or loves her yet she blithely ignores the man's comforting and reassuring words.<br /><br />There is also a hefty admixture of irony. During what seems to be an executive luncheon one man tells another on the phone that workers don't appreciate quality and how nice it is to appreciate money and the things that it can buy such as fine wine. When he is not looking however a man at an adjacent table calmly lifts his wallet from his jacket on the back of his chair. Though Andersson's cynicism is at times not very well hidden You the Living has an underlying humanism that shows compassion for the human condition. It is a cautionary tale that looks at the mess we humans have gotten ourselves into but suggests there is still time to turn it around if we heed the warning of the poet Goethe that opens the film "Be pleased then you the living in your delightfully warmed bed before Lethe's ice-cold wave will lick your escaping foot."
critique3658 It's not a movie but an experience!<br /><br />Not the usual eye candy I thought it would be. Too many things are happening at once your senses almost couldn't handle it. A product of cutting-edge technology (we were torn between just sitting back to enjoy the show and putting our 3D glasses on and off to decipher the magic) the music is great (it's a concert!) the Disney characters are in it (and you get to BE part of their world) it's funny it's magical it's exciting--I know this is beginning to sound like an advertisement--but it really is that awesome! Beats Christmas in bringing out the kid in you!<br /><br />This attraction alone already makes going to Disney all worth it. ;)
critique3659 Drive was an enjoyable episode with a dark ending. Basically a man and his wife are infected in their inner ear by a high pitched sound wave being emitted by some military equipment. Some favorite parts of mine from this episode are Mulder's dialogue in the car and the scene where Scully goes in with the Hazmat team and find the little old deaf lady completely unaffected by what they thought was a virus. The ending of course is tragic in its realism because it leads the viewer to believe that they are going to actually be able to pull off this elaborate plan to save the victim but when Mulder arrives the man is already dead. 8/10
critique3660 My wife and I struggle to find movies like this that are clean and yet enjoyable for adults. If you can't find a cinema that is playing it call your cinema and request it. Bravo Five Sisters Productions for courage tenacity and creative endeavor!
critique3661 In my analysis of "Trois couleurs: Blanc" I wrote that its tone is much lighter than the tone of "Trois couleurs: Bleu". I think it's the same with this film. This time it's not because of a tragic comedy-element but much more because of the main character Valentine. Although her boyfriend is living abroad and is ridiculously jealous she manages her life with lightness and optimism it seems to me that she might be Kieslowski's image for a carefree youth. The opposite seems to be the judge who is very pessimistic a grumpy old man who experiences big loneliness. In my view Valentine and the judge are pretty similar to each other the judge is just much older and has experienced many more disappointments. They share a different kind of naivety and they both discover that they can learn much from the other one. Finally I would like to stress IrÃƒÂ¨ne Jacob's performance she rounds off the run of amazing female contributions to the "Three Colours"-trilogy.
critique3662 Rattlesnake! Look out! "Is that a bra you're wearing or are you expecting an assassination attempt?" "Spaz what are you a homo or what?!" "OK way to go you guys! feed Fink he's our hot man" "Do you know they use the most sophisticated training methods from the Soviet Union East & West Germany and the newest Olympic power Trinidad-Tobago." "Oh Spaz you old make-out master!" "What no mustard?!" "Oh my God his nose is bleeding." "it's gonna get even bigger now" "Our political roundtable...Henry Kissinger will appear. Yassir Arafat is gonna come out spend a weekend with the kids just rap with them."<br /><br />These and many other great lines make Meatballs a hall-of-fame comedy. Only in Caddyshack is Bill Murray funnier. He probably ad-libbed half the lines. The high school actors seemed to have a blast being in the same movie with him.<br /><br />Hilarious movie to watch any time of year not just the summer.
critique3663 The promise of Martin Donovan playing Jesus was quite honestly enough to get me to see the film. Definitely worthwhile; clever and funny without overdoing it. The low-quality filming was probably an appropriate effect but ended up being a little too jarring and the ending sounded more like a PBS program than Hartley. Still too many memorable lines and great moments for me to judge it harshly.
critique3664 As a native of the city where the story takes place Buffalo NY it's fun to see the local sites but the story line is so local and fun too!<br /><br />The small scale promoting of this film requires strong word of mouth to accomplish the wide viewing it deserves. Please make this film the success the Big Fat Greek Wedding was.
critique3665 An evil land baron is holding up water to a group of ranchers in order to try and take their properties for pennies on the dollar. Along comes Singin' Sandy Saunders (John Wayne) who saves the day for Gabby Hayes and his daughter by going undercover as the villain's newest gunman.<br /><br />The first of sixteen films Wayne made for Lone Star/ Monogram Pictures this tries to cast him as a singing cowboy only with an obviously lip-synced voice. The title card prominently features his character as "Singin' Sandy" leading one to believe that this was meant to be the first in a proposed series!<br /><br />Yes it's ridiculous but also a lot of fun to see Wayne singing songs and shooting guns especially when he does a little ditty before shooting it out with gunman Earl Dwire.<br /><br />Riders Of Destiny features a rare villainous role for for Al "Fuzzy" St. John who clowns around as much with the bad guys as he did playing a heroic sidekick riding alongside Buster Crabbe and Lash LaRue.
critique3666 ...a true geek-girl's dream: high tech high drama smart guys steamy sex and large explosions. (VERY large explosions.) Sam Waterston is so natural in the role of Oppenheimer that tapes of the REAL Oppenheimer sound odd: apparently he had a voice similar to Ronald Reagan! The triumph and tragedy of Oppenheimer is one of the 20th century's most stirring dramas and this movie stands as a model of what docu-drama ought to be: the facts are allowed to speak for themselves while the fictional parts are used to amplify and fill in the record not to call attention to themselves. An interesting fact: some of the technical details used had only recently been declassified and so are of special interest. A must-see!
critique3667 It is hard to put the devastating beauty of Traffik to words partly because I am still grasping to comprehend it myself several hours after my second viewing. First it must be said that Traffik contains some of the most incomparably and unforgettably haunting scenes I have seen in a film or television production. The acting is excellent particularly that of Bill Paterson as a British minister grappling with his heroin-addicted daughter and an aid deal to Pakistan that hinges on drug issues. Another plot line describes these drug issues at a ground level in Pakistan and revolves around a struggling opium poppy farmer and his interaction with a successful heroin smuggler. The third main storyline involves the prosecution of a Hamburg drug importer and the conflicting efforts of his wife and two German detectives while he is under trial. It is a profound accomplishment that the interaction between these stories feels natural transcending the forced plot entanglement often found in Hollywood movies. It is an even greater accomplishment that a work spread over three countries and half a dozen main characters can be so focused and enthralling without having to oversimplify. It is devastating--bleak and brutal but never apathetic. In short Traffik is a rare work of film that handles challenging subjects with unmatched compassion and clarity.
critique3668 I may be getting ahead of myself here but although the film itself was a technical masterpiece for its time I watched it piece-by-piece on TCM last night the question arises to me: Why did they do that? putting their lives in jeopardy many of them died on the trek why would they undertake such a life-endangering journey just to find food for their animals (!) once they reached the "land of milk and honey" why didn't they just stay there? Would you endanger your life and that of your entire community just to find food for a herd of cattle? As dangerous as it was to do it for that purpose alone shows the inbred simplicity of these types of people. Risk death for a cow?? Better them than I!
critique3669 Fans of apocalyptic movies will savor this well-made low-budget thriller that is essentially a remake of the 1951 George Pal classic "When Worlds Collide." A comet is headed for a near-collision with earth and when his fellow scientists disregard his warnings of doom eccentric scientist Peter Crawford (Dennis Hopper) gathers a group of private investors to secretly construct an underground sanctuary.<br /><br />The story unfolds through the eyes of muscle-bound Gulf-war veteran Jake Lowe (Peter Onorati)who inadvertently discovers Crawford's hidden sanctuary and then decides that Crawford is wrong for keeping his project hidden from the rest of humanity. As the comet approaches the subject of who should live and who should die makes for interesting drama.<br /><br />While the special effects are not in the same league I enjoyed the story more than I did Spielberg's War of the Worlds because I feel this screenplay is better. Some suspension of scientific reality is required but it's worthwhile for the development of a good story. I highly recommend this film to fans of the genre.
critique3670 From the beginning of the show Carmen was there. She was one of the best characters. Why did they get rid of her?! The show not the same as before. Its way worse.<br /><br />The best episodes were with Carmen in them. You can't replace someone from the beginning! That is like South Park without Kyle or Child's Play without Chucky! It's not right! The niece who replaced her is just ugh! Awful. She doesn't fit into the storyline at all. She was one of the main characters and the niece can't replace her. She was an awesome actress. Way better than the niece. Get her back or you'll lose a TON of viewers.
critique3671 Jeremy Brett is simply the best Holmes ever narrowly edging out the great Basil Rathbone of course and this is probably the best adaptation of a Conon-Doyle short story.<br /><br />A length adaptation includes some new plot strands that fit in well to the surrounding drama and heightens the hatred one feels for Milverton.<br /><br />Excellent performances all round especially from Robert Hardy and both Brett and Hardwick fully rounded and comfortable in their roles makes this a superb piece of drama.
critique3672 Ray Liotta and Tom Hulce shine in this sterling example of brotherly love and commitment. Hulce plays Dominick (Nicky) a mildly mentally handicapped young man who is putting his 12 minutes younger twin brother Liotta who plays Eugene through medical school. It is set in Baltimore and deals with the issues of sibling rivalry the unbreakable bond of twins child abuse and good always winning out over evil. It is captivating and filled with laughter and tears. If you have not yet seen this film please rent it I promise you'll be amazed at how such a wonderful film could go un-noticed.
critique3673 I am so excited that Greek is back! This season looks really eventful. Im glad that Casey is trying to get serious about school but is still involved in the sorority. Its really funny that she wants to go into politics & that they're highlighting her 'scheming talent.' I loved Calvin's new haircut! It makes him look more mature. They should shave Cappy's head as well. All the guys are hot but Calvin is definitely the hottest! I cant wait to see more of him! I'm especially interested in what happens between Calvin Adam & Rusty! I also love Rebecca. She's really pretty. I actually think that Rebecca & Calvin should hook up. go for it Calvin! Join my team!
critique3674 Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town looking for his estranged wife and news of his daughter tho he finds her the chance of any sort of reconciliation is very slim. Whilst here the sheriff and the important townsfolk learn of Tollinger's reputation as a pistol specialist town tamer. As they are living in fear of a mysterious landowner who is stripping the town from them bit by bit they hold a meeting that chooses to hire Tollinger to rid the town of it's unsavoury elements.<br /><br />Man With The Gun seems to be either a forgotten piece or a vastly under seen one at the time of me writing this it has just over 200 votes and a paltry 9 user comments written for it. It's a shame on either score because although the production values scream out that this is a B movie Western this is a fine entry in the Western genre. That the piece takes on a rather standard plot theme of an harangued town turning to an avenging dark angel probably hasn't done the film any favours over the years i myself read the synopsis and thought it's just another in the line of similarly themed pictures. Yet i was pleasantly surprised to find a darkly dramatic picture boasting many enjoyable moments both technically and as a functioning story.<br /><br />Robert Mitchum is in the lead as Tollinger perfectly cast he strides thru the picture like some brooding menace. We often talk about the screen presence that John Wayne and Charlton Heston had {justifiably of course} Mitchum is right up there with the best of them. One sequence here sees him standing in the shadows at the back of a room as a meeting takes place we don't see his face but we can feel that piercing brood staring out at us!. The rest of the cast are also very much in Mitchum's shadow so really it's solely with the big man that the films acting credentials are high perhaps it's unfair to single out Ted de Corsia for a kick but Man With The Gun's minor failings are with its villains and sadly de Corsia is lacking any sort of villainesque menace. The score from Alex North is excellently layered {fans of Spartacus will certainly be pricking their ears up} and the cinematography from Lee Garmes is highly impressive when one realises that the majority of this picture was shot on the studio lot. Directed and co-written by first time director Richard Wilson Man With The Gun holds few surprises for the genre but it's dark in tone violent and above all else highly watchable. 7.5/10
critique3675 The movie is a real show of how unemotional and selfish the upper society has become. It has plenty of characters and each and every character is representing a different category of person. No character is 100% good and moral unlike the heroes of all the typical Indian movies and no character is 100% bad rather all are just different. The movie is a very perfect mixture of emotions drama and entertainment. For the very first time i liked a movie that has raised some social questions. I would recommend all to see the movie. Madhavi Sharma is a journalist who covers those hip-shaking parties of Bollywood for the Page 3 of the newspaper but this is the story of how she becomes a crime reporter for the newspaper. But this is not all then it shows how she couldn't survive there and when she helped rescue some innocent children how brutally her voice is suppressed. Even she is fired from the job. Then she couldn't find a job of crime reporter and has to do Page 3 again. Not only her but a very very large number of characters are interwoven in the movie and all gives different feeling while watching the movie. I would really congratulate the director for making such a great movie. Please do not afford to miss it.
critique3676 Grey Gardens was enthralling and crazy and you just couldn't really look away. It was so strange and funny and sad and sick and Ã‚Â…Ã‚Â…Ã‚Â….. really no words can describe. The move Grey Gardens is beyond bizarre. I found out about this film reading my Uncle John's Great Big Bathroom Reader by the Bathroom Reader's Institute and it was well worth the rental and bump to the top of my movie watching queue. This movie is about the nuttiest most eccentric people that may have ever been filmed. One should watch it for their favorite Edie outfits which I am sure include curtains. When I get old I almost wish to be just like Big Edie thumbing my nose at normalcy and society.
critique3677 It's rare that I sit down in front of the TV specifically to watch a particular programme. It's even rarer when I actually enjoy the programme in the end but Last of the Blonde Bombshells was one of the best movies I think I've seen.<br /><br />A remarkable cast led by Dame Judi Dench and Ian Holm and an excellent witty and poignant script combined to make it a truly rewarding experience. I can't really express how good I thought it was so I won't try I'll just say if you get the opportunity PLEASE SEE IT!!!! I only hope it comes out on video.
critique3678 What you saw in BULLITT and THE FRENCH CONNECTION is nothing compared to what you have here. The chase goes on for nearly 15 minutes and is the best you'll ever see. This movie has become a classic crime drama from the heyday of 70's film-making. It's a gritty and realistic portrayal of the mean streets of New York City. Featuring one of the slickest wise guys ever put on screen Tony Lo Bianco's behavior in this movie is cool as ice. He's ripping off his own associates and making it look like the police are responsible. His childhood friend Roy Scheider is a street detective who becomes puzzled by the disappearances of the mobsters. You can tell that Lo Bianco's enjoying the game throughout the movie. At times though the film gets dull but then right when you feel like giving up on it something big happens and it pulls you back in. The score by Don Ellis sets the tone of the cold gray wintertime in New York City and to top it all off my man Joe Spinell shows up in an early role as Toredano the garage man.<br /><br />Score 7 out of 10 Stars
critique3679 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3680 I just finished watching the 139 min version (widescreen) with some friends and we were blown away. I won't bother repeating what others have said. What the filmmakers do with the concept is unexpected and fun. The huge battle is exhausting. Afterwards we were stunned to find there was still nearly 30 minutes left to go but that didn't keep us from being completely involved and entertained.<br /><br />There is one thing that nearly ruined it and that was the horrific music/songs. Blues Country/Folk and Rock Ballads do not belong here and every time they are used we all broke out in laughter. It's hideous. You have been warned but the story and storytelling keeps you grounded.<br /><br />There are several outstanding moments that make you appreciate the talent behind the camera. There are many uses of silence as well as slow-motion photography that work beautifully. I really wish I could erase the music but alas.<br /><br />Seek this out. It's fun it's different and it takes you to places you wouldn't expect and that's very refreshing.
critique3681 This film starts out with a family who were all going in different directions and their teenage daughter Martha MacIssac (Olivia Dunne) was very much in love with Joe MacLeod(Zack). The mother is played by Mitzi Kapture(Jill Dunne) who suddenly walks in on her daughter and Zack making out and then all kinds of problems seem to surface. Jill Dunne has a husband who is always traveling or staying away from the home quite often. There are also big problems that occur when the family decides to go on a camping trip which their daughter Olivia dislikes and just cannot adapt to sleeping outdoors and requires a tent to be kept out all the bugs. In many ways Olivia does an outstanding performance as the teenage and Nick Mancuso(Richard Grant) gives a great supporting role as a hotel owner. This film will keep you guessing how it will end and you will enjoy a film filled with plenty of horror and terror. Enjoy
critique3682 This film could be one of the most underrated film of Bollywood history.This 1994 blockbuster had all of it good performancesmusic and direction.I remember I was in Allahabad when this movie was running and it was somewhere in March at Holi time  the people there were playing its song "Ooe Amma" at their loudspeakers in highest volume. If someone who likes to watch Some Like It Hot and drools over Marilyn Monroe he should see this movie.Thumbs Up to Govinda.How many of you know that this film was shot in South of India and after Sholay could be one of the very few blockbuter to hit Silver Screen.With films like these Indian comedy could never be dead.
critique3683 This series was just like what you would expect from Mr.Spielberg. It is truly one of those frighting funny childish shows that you won't forget. Just like Outer Limits (another great show) this little series does what not a lot can. It was great and deserved to run longer. It was a great show that even kids could watch though some of the shows were a little scary when they wanted to be but all of them always had a moral at the end (like the Twilight Zone) that made you realize what situation you didn't want to end up in or ones that you did. I remember watching some of these on Sci-fi when I was 10 and even now I still enjoy seeing them when I can. Truly a fun imaginative show. I loved it and still do.
critique3684 Many of the criticisms on this thread seem to pick a comparison of this film with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone is entitled to compare films they choose but the similarities of "The Mortal Storm" and "Watch On The Rhine" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by the Nazi juggernaut while the main comparative point brought out with "Casablanca" is the seeming unjust treatment of Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science because they chose Paul Lukas instead for the Best Actor Oscar. It does not strike me as totally wrong. Lukas had a good career in film (both here and in England - he is the villain in "The Lady Vanishes") and this performance was his best one. Bogart had more great performances in him than Rick Blaine (for instance he was ignored for Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra" two years earlier both of which were first rate performances and he would not get an Oscar for his greatest performances as Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure Of Sierra Madres" the writer/murder suspect in "In A Lonely Place" and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in "The Caine Mutiny" afterward - he got it for Charley in "The African Queen"). I think that Bogie should have got it for the role of Dobbs but it did not happen. But Lukas was lucky - he got it on the defining performance of his lesser career. Few can claim that.<br /><br />To me the film to look at with "Watch On The Rhine" is based on another play/script by Hellman "The Searching Wind". They both look at America's spirit of isolationism in the 1920s and 1930s. "The Searching Wind" is really looking at the whole inter-war period while "Watch On The Rhine" set in the years just proceeding our entry into World War II deals with a few weeks of time. Therefore it is better constructed as a play and more meaningful for it's impact. <br /><br />The film has many good performances led by Lukas as the exhausted but determined anti-Nazi fighter/courier Davis as his loyal wife (wisely keeping her character as low keyed as possible due to Lukas being the center of the play's activities) Coulouris as the selfish conniving but ultimately foolish and ineffective Teck Lucille Watson as the mother of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as Coulouris' wiser and sadder and fed up wife) and Kurt Katch who delivers a devastating critique (as the local embassy's Gestapo chief) about Coulouris and others who would deal with the Nazis. It has dialog with bite in it. And what it says is quite true. It also has moments of near poetry. Witness the scene towards the end when Coulouris is left alone with Lukas and Davis and says "The New World has left the scene to the Old World". Hellman could write very well at times.<br /><br />Given the strength of the film script and performances I would rate this film highly among World War II films.
critique3685 - The Best Bit : When the dull mobster (Nicholas Turturro) calls out to the runaway (Matthew Modine) "Shane !.. Come Back Shane !" and when the older wise guy asks him "What Are You Doing ?!" he replays simply "Enjoying My Time !" Actually like me at the moment ! <br /><br />- The Most Creepy Part : I've been wondering all the time of watching : where did I see that girl before ? where ? where ? Till I found out while the closing credits.. OHH MY GOD ! She's (Elizabeth Berkley) .. From the showgirls' fiasco ! But I just couldn't recognize her with her clothes on ! To tell you the truth I felt a brief tremor. She's really cute and nice but maybe Hollywood had no mercy at all ! <br /><br />- The Most Sexy Bit : When (Berkley) says "Do You Mean The Stuff Which Gives You A Boner ?!". <br /><br />- The Most Dull Thing : The retarded assistant after a day and a night in the back of the car is still alive and healthy at the end !!?? moreover the Mexican smuggler took 3 bullets (at the same car !) and he's not dead either !!?? <br /><br />- The Most Ugly Thing : All of those murdered people as well as the numerous (F) ward to a boring extent ! <br /><br />- The Most Beautiful Thing : The crazy clever script with all the funny characters and the tumultuous situations the acting looked sweet also especially from (Paul Rodriguez) who stole the show for (as he had the best dialogue Also !). <br /><br />- The Most Disappointing Thing : Although the direction didn't mess about the story's wittiness at all but in the same time it didn't give it a unique touch a matchless signature some kind of insane hilarity like the one in the story itself. However maybe the low production wronged it well ! And of course the easy tasteless music which could be like that because of cheap production too ! <br /><br />- The Most Confusing Part : (Matthew Modine) is a talented guy but what did he do exactly to be out of Hollywood's "A" list of stars ?! What could possibly be the thing he made (or didn't make !) to end up in light independent jest like (The Shipment) ?!! <br /><br />- The Most Absent Scene : Where did (Jose) the Mexican smuggler go at last ?! I thought that we'll see him again at the end smuggling once more as the surviving little criminal who in a brief gimmick like this could materialize the continuous disorder of such a world. <br /><br />- The Most Question I had After The End : When we'll see (The Shipment - 2) ? As I'm so eager to see that fine small comic hurly-burly atmosphere again ! <br /><br />These were my own answers. If you interested in giving answers of your own for this questionnaire please E-Mail me.
critique3686 After Garbo's introduction to sound in Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie" Jacques Feyder made a German version of the movie where all of the cast except for Garbo were different. While the American version is still more available in the USA and most of the American viewers have primarily seen this version the Germna "Anna Christie" is more likely to be viewed in Europe. As I have seen both films I feel the right to compare the two closely-knit productions. Is Jacques Feyder's film different? Is it better than Clarence Brown's? <br /><br />In this analysis I would like to focus first on what the both movies have in common. They have identical sets very similar scripts and the same chronologically presented scenes. Here you also find the story of the young woman who comes back to her father after years of absence and is trying to start a new life. Here you also have the humorous though a bit shorter sequence in the amusement park. However when emphasizing Garbo herself I address the first difference. She does not appear to cause such a curiosity while talking. The viewer concentrates more on her acting than on the way she speaks which occurred most probably to 1931 viewers. Garbo was very good in American film and she is also very good here. Yet to me she seems even more genuine in the German version. It is noticeable that Garbo does not focus on the way she says the words that much (the effort that was artificially created by the sensation: GARBO TALKS!). Her German is not very well pronounced; yet no one cares: everything is perfectly understood. Therefore I can easily say the same I did in my American version comment: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /><br />Yet the film differs in one very important issue: the rest of the cast. Here comes the question: which portrayal seems more captivating which one is better for sure? The differences are filled with varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman) Garbo's lifelong friend does not do the equally great job as Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens. She is not bad she is different sometimes overacts (from today's perspective) but is no longer that genuine in the role as Marie Dressler who still amuses us and whose moments have absolutely stood a test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film and that opinion though appears to be questionable of course carries some truth. Theo Shall is more sympathetic as Matt than Charles Bickford but when applied to him this is not the matter of performance so much as the mater of looks.<br /><br />Who shines in the German "Anna Christie" who is really worth greatest attention is Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson Anna's father. George F. Marion vs Hans Junkermann is like a day vs night difference. Junkermann portrays a real alcohol addict a man with hopes with fears who overdoes the care of his daughter. The scene of Anna's first meeting with her father is truly magnificent the opening moment of Chris' conversation with Marthy is memorable particularly thanks to his facial expressions and a flawless performance. Junkermann is the Chris whom you like who you sometimes laugh at whom you sympathize with who leaves a picture of a calm alcoholic sailor in your mind. Great! <br /><br />If you have seen the American "Anna Christie" and have a chance to get the German version I would highly recommend to you this movie because it's a slightly different look at the story a nice and accurate way to compare a fine enrichment to Clarence Brown's movie and foremost a wonderful chance to discover a marvel of performance: Hans Junkermann's. Skaal or Prost Hans Junkermann!
critique3687 This is an excellent film about the characters in a adult swimming class their problems relationships and interactions with each other. It should have managed a wider distribution as it's much better than similar films from major studios out at the same time.<br /><br />The swimming instructor is an almost-Olympian reduced to teaching adults basic lessons and often the target of horndogging from his female students. He attempts more or less to fend them off with varying results.<br /><br />The students characters are mainstream U.S.A; teachers policemen college students and retired people all of whom haven't learned to swim for some reason. The movie covers their relationships including friends relatives and romantic conquests as they go through the class. Several subplots provide amusing fodder including a teacher going through a divorce some high school students making a documentary and a girl who is only in the class to meet guys.<br /><br />This is a good date movie or just one to watch when you're in the mood for a romantic drama with overtones of reality.
critique3688 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3689 This is a wonderfully written and well acted psychological drama. It is not really a horror flick so those looking for something like The Ring or The Grudge will be disappointed. What really surprised me about this film was the intelligence and subtle attention to detail in the plot and the effort made to be internally consistent. I also appreciated the absence of Dr. Phil psychobabble or New Age revisionism. Rather than advancing an agenda the filmmakers just told the story told it well and let the viewer think about it. The sparse dreamscapes were reminiscent of Wyeth paintings and amazingly effective. <br /><br />A great example of how to make a good film on a small budget without big studios star actors big-name directors (this was far better than many of Hitchcock's films) special effects or "clever" plot twists.
critique3690 As a young teen when this came out I completely related to it. As an adult in the present sex- obsessed American culture it doesn't have enough nudity to be called tame. <br /><br />If you are looking for American Pie-type lewdness vulgarity or fart and feces jokes Meatballs will disappoint with impunity and a guarantee. <br /><br />If you like Bill Murray and you like good clean fun you will probably like and enjoy this film very much. Similarly with Stripes Ghostbusters Caddy Shack etc. <br /><br />Enough said just go watch it and stop intellectualizing it. It's Meatballs for crying out loud! Why read a review? Just enjoy it and have fun. And ignore the trash talk by others. Films like so many other things in life are subjective. To each his own. <br /><br />Always beware the 'expert' who diminishes others' taste.
critique3691 A group of evil businessmen need to knock down a building to build a huge complex but they can't remove the tenants. The tenants and businessmen with their hired thugs clash until the film ends with one of the funniest fights ever! The guy with the ginger hair who goes 'eeeeehhhh' every time he throws a punch and the other guy who poses with a knife in his mouth instead of fighting only to be beaten off camera make this essential viewing if you like to laugh at films rather than with them.
critique3692 Robert Jordan is a television star. Robert Jordan likes things orderly on time and properly executed. In his world children are to be seen not heard. So why would Mr. Jordan want to become the master of a rambunctious band of Boy Scouts? Ratings. His staff figures that if learns how to interact with the youth they will be more inclined to watch his show. Of course watching Jordan cope comprises most of the fun.<br /><br />Like Mr. Belvedere and Mr. Belvedere Goes to College this one is sure to please.<br /><br />ANYONE INTERESTED IN OBTAINING A COPY OF THIS FILM PLEASE WRITE TO ME AT: IAMASEAL2@YAHOO.COM
critique3693 As a fan of the book this work is fantastically adapted; remaining true to the source materials and demonstrating an honest respect for the literary work. The intrigues translate well to film by virtue of Ron Howard's good eye for detail and sound devotion to authenticity.<br /><br />I like Hanks as Robert Langdon. His portrayal is genuine and earthy with only the barest glint of the Kip we all knew and loved back in "the day." He is a good dramatic actor and while I miss his comedic efforts I do enjoy his more serious performances.<br /><br />The subject matter is no less controversial than the DaVinci Code and the Vatican seems to never learn their lesson. As with the aforementioned film the Holy See issued a scathing rebuke and called for a global Catholic boycott of the film which of course generated millions in ticket sales.<br /><br />Although the story of the "God Particle" was played down dramatically and the science was written out of this piece of science fiction the fiction that was left was entertaining and extremely well done. And the truth be known people who have not read the book will not notice any missing or lesser element to the story as the screen version carries the main story well on its own.<br /><br />In fact it is not necessary to have seen the first installment of this franchise in order to enjoy this second which should have been a prequel in all honesty although that does not lessen the effectiveness nor does it meddle with the continuity or flow of this second work.<br /><br />All in all this is good for a Friday/Saturday night's viewing although the execution may be a bit rough for the small ones.<br /><br />It rates an 8.8/10 from...<br /><br />the Fiend :.
critique3694 I can remember watching this for the first time when I was 9 years old. I wanted to be one of the "barbarian brothers". This movie is still great. One original aspect was that the fight scenes where very short. Implying that the "barbarian brothers" where so good that they finished there enemies off quickly! Plus you have chases a cage fight a dragon and yes even a bar brawl! <br /><br />Yes the acting is bad so that's why it's not a ten also the story line has received a lot of criticism. I think it is quite original. Not to many movies in it's genre have the same original story lines or colorful dialogue. <br /><br />I definitely recommend this film.
critique3695 I've noticed that a lot of people who post on the "Kerching!" board seem to hate this show which I actually find very surprising. I think it's one of the best British kids' shows there is. It's a shame it's ending because it's very funny (if a bit cheesy sometimes) and has great characters. The main character is a little like Del Boy although quite a lot smarter. With his 2 best friends he tried to make a million pounds for his mum by starting an online business and adopting a pseudonym of "Rudeboy". His friends are Seymour (who likes to cook) and Danny (who is simple minded and the comic relief character). Throughout the show some characters have left and new ones have come in but it's always been entertaining and improving.
critique3696 You got to love this movie! I mean what other Swedish splatter movie could be so evil bizarre and totally cruel...The whole movie is stuffed with some kind of weird humor like: The old cencoreguy just blows his head off and the boss just wipes the blood off his glasses and says with a mean voice: - Your fired!!! wouppie!!!
critique3697 After clocking up five seasons on the small screen from 1976-79 'George & Mildred' transferred themselves to the big screen in mid 1980. Instead of Johnnie Mortimer and Brian Cooke retaining their roles as writers Dick Sharples was brought on board as the writer. Sadly this film adaption just did not seem to hit the spot with the public. Shame. I liked it better than the series itself in fact. It was a guilty pleasure.<br /><br />'Mildred Roper' (Yootha Joyce) is keen to ascertain whether or not her slovenly husband 'George' (Brian Murphy) has remembered their wedding anniversary. Obviously he hasn't but to try and convince his wife otherwise he books a table at the restaurant where he proposed marriage to Mildred several years ago.<br /><br />Upon arriving at the restaurant they find out that the place has changed hands. Eventually seeing through George's lies Mildred insists that they celebrate their anniversary at a swanky hotel. Upon arriving at the hotel George is mistaken by crook 'Harry Pinto' (Stratford Johns) for a ruthless hit-man who wants a rival to be exterminated!<br /><br />Not an outstanding comedy as such but a good natured piece of fun all the same. Plans to revive the series after the film's showing were sadly terminated when Yootha Joyce died on 24th August 1980 of alcohol poisoning.<br /><br />Funniest moment- George talking to his favourite garden gnome. His neighbour Tristram creeps up behind him and says ''I think its time we had a chat''. George thinking it has developed the power of speech drops the gnome in shock!<br /><br />Merry Christmas to fellow IMDb users in particular 'AdamFontaine' 'Cyril Blake' and 'TheLittleSongBird'. Have a good one!
critique3698 Return of the Jedi is often remembered for what it did wrong rather than what it did right and that is a shame because the last chronological installment in the Star Wars saga is a shining example of epic storytelling. It manages to wrap up all story lines of the previous movies in one grand finale and does so very convincingly.<br /><br />Yes there are Ewoks - cute and cuddly bears that arguably served to broaden the Star Wars demographic - and in the middle the movie tends to slow down a bit. But the final hour is arguably the best piece of the entire saga where Luke finally comes face to face with Darth Vader the most recognizable villain in movie history.<br /><br />Return of the Jedi did so many things right that people tend to overlook: it presented an incredible conclusion to the Darth Vader storyline (which went from slightly implausible in the "Empire Strikes Back" to very convincing here) an exciting opening at Jabba's Palace a masterful performance of Ian McDiarmid as the Emperor Luke finally coming into his own the resolution of Solo and Leia's romance and the extremely powerful final moments on the Endor moon.<br /><br />Yes there are slight annoyances. But they are the annoyances of a generation of moviegoers who've had time to nitpick every single scene. It's still a magical and moving piece of cinema that also serves as a great final chapter. It's not a 'good' movie - it's fantastic!
critique3699 David Attenborough brings his fascination of wild life this time the creatures under the sea in this extraordinary 8-episode trip to all the animals under the sea!<br /><br />The cinematography is astounding bringing to the screen truly breathtaking footage of those whales! But the best thing about it as well as seeing each episode is how they made it! Whether it is making models of creatures or those impressive shots of the whales they explain to you in about 10 minutes how they did it!<br /><br />2001 had some great tv shows to our screen. But in contrast to this documentary gem they make them pretty lame! But to even boast this documentary series as the best tv series of 2001 just does not sum up the sheer brilliance that this series provides in quality entertainment!<br /><br />Overall this is the best TV series of 2001 with no competition and maybe the best TV series of 2000s!
critique3700 The Vietnam War era is certainly far before my time but it has always interested me and I have seen many films about it. All of the others I'd seen had dealt strictly with the front-line of battle. When I read a description of "The War At Home" I found the concept intriguing. No Vietnam War movie I'd ever heard of talked about what happens to a soldier once the fighting is over with. <br /><br />One night while flipping through channels the movie aired on The Sundance Channel. I set down the remote and settled back to watch it. I did not move from my seat during the entire two hours; it's one of those movies that keeps you very interested because there is no way to predict what is going to happen next. <br /><br />This movie made me a huge fan of Emilio Estevez. I had enjoyed him very much as Billy the Kid in the "Young Guns" movies but I never saw anything he did afterward. Emilio proved to be very talented at writing and directing as well as acting. <br /><br />The pacing of the movie is done extremely well. I am hard-pressed to think of a point where it drags. <br /><br />What amazes me is that it didn't get an Oscar or any real recognition when it came out. It is a dramatic story about parents trying to cope with the fact that their son is not who he used to be and probably will never be as they remembered him again. Definitely worth seeing.
critique3701 The Sensuous Nurse (1975) was a Italian sexual comedy that starred the one time Bond girl Ursula Andress. Man was she hot in this movie.. She was stacked and built like a *@#% brick house. Ursula was smoking hot in this movie. I have never seen a nurse's outfit that filled out before. <br /><br />Ms. Andress stars as a nurse who is hired to take care of a rich elderly man. Even one in the house seems to be knocking the boots. One night the nurse decides to take the grandson's temperature and give some needed T.L.C. to her ancient client. The old man takes to his nurse and this angers the rest of the family. What kind of job did the family hire her out to do? Will the geezer fall for her car giver? How can she deal with the octogenarian crone and the rest of the family? To find out you need to find a copy of the SENSUOUS NURSE!! Italian but badly dubbed into English.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
critique3702 I was intrigued by the title so during a small bout of insomnia (fueled by my curiosity...) I stayed up and watched it. I then checked my TV listings and watched it again! There is one very obvious realization that occurred to me when I saw this film- in spite of politics traditions culture etc. teenagers everywhere are virtually the same. The characters of the kids from Belgrade could have been transported to let's say somewhere in the American Midwest during the same time period and language differences aside would be impossible to tell apart from any of the local teens of that era. They certainly displayed the same growing pains and preoccupations politics aside: Music sex movie idols music drinking sports music... As a matter of fact much the same things that occupied my time growing up in 1970's Southern California.<br /><br />This was a bittersweet story but the joy of youth made it very enjoyable. The characters especially the young actors were completely believable also. I won't say this was the Yugoslav "American Graffiti" but I will say that it fits in nicely with other 50's-themed movies.
critique3703 i thought this movie was really really great! Helena did an amazing job in it! I thought she played her character very well! she's an AWESOME actress!! :)<br /><br />the movie was also really funny too! The jokes were great! i couldnt stop laughing! :)<br /><br />i think everyone should see it... :)<br /><br />
critique3704 Well I don't know much about anything but I sure liked this film. In short it was creative humorous simple and heartwarming. In other words it was everything it set out to be.<br /><br />The story is set around a girl's first love (as the title suggests) and I certainly should warn you: expect nothing challenging or provocative in terms of the subject matter here. I mean it is a children's cartoon. It's really just a simple story but it's told well and it holds your attention well.<br /><br />In the end: it's short it's funny it's cute it's simple it's good.
critique3705 I'd read all the negative reviews for "Anna Christie". You know the gripes about the static camera out-dated acting and wordiness of the screenplay. But when I viewed it yesterday I found it remarkably affecting and enjoyable. Yep Clarence Brown's camera remains stationary for the most part and I'm pretty sure one of the microphones was concealed in the ship's light. Yep there's a lot of dialogue and no spectacular action sequences. It's an early talkie with primitive technical aspects. But... then there's Garbo Marie Dressler George F. Marion and Charles Bickford all proving that great acting is timeless.<br /><br />I believe "Anna Christie" is still one of Garbo's most iconic performances. And it's a wonderful performance from the Divine One in a role that is really quite atypical for her. Yes we've seen Garbo weary and almost beaten yet never with bags under her eyes or her knocking back shots of whiskey. Garbo played so many (delightful) costume roles that to see her play a contemporary woman is fascinating. She's not weighed down by heavy dresses or make-up. This performance seems quite raw from Garbo.<br /><br />The plot from the O'Neill play follows weary Swedish ex-prostitute Anna and her reunion with her boozy seaman father. Anna's had enough trouble for any girl of twenty as she tells drunken slovenly Marthy (Dressler)in a bar. She finds solace in a life at sea and romance with a rough-hewn but good-hearted fisherman (Charles Bickford). But her past threatens to ruin it all.<br /><br />Charles Bickford is overlooked in Garbo's long line of (largely inferior) leading men. He's one actor who can actually share the screen with her and not get swallowed up by her magical presence. The pair have great chemistry together and seemed to enjoy working with one another. Dressler can never be accused of underplaying and once again the grand dame is up to her old tricks but she's terrific and convincing in her role never annoying as in the dreadful "Dinner At Eight". I've never really heard of George F. Marion before but he was wonderful as Garbo's father.<br /><br />This is Pre-Code and rather gritty and dark by MGM's standards. I really enjoyed it and while it may creak in some places it's still wonderful.
critique3706 Excellent film from Thaddeus O'Sullivan featuring strong performances from a host of British and Irish actors. The film deals well with a thorny subject matter and effectively captures the hopelessness and grim atmosphere of 1970s Belfast. Surprisingly realistic it does nothing to glorify either side in this conflict. On one hand it shows a young Catholic father trying to raise his family without getting drawn into the troubles. On the other it deals with a Loyalist gang who are intent on propagating violence. Very interesting and thankfully entertaining. Don't be expecting any laughs though. 7 out of 10.
critique3707 This two-character drama is extremely well-acted and has a valid message and some TRULY shocking moments (shocking not because they are graphic but because you're not prepared for them when they come). But eventually it does become oppressive just like the somewhat similar "A Pure Formality" did. Still Alan Rickman should have gotten an Oscar nomination for his multi-dimensional performance no doubt about it. (**1/2)
critique3708 Okay. You saw the film and I saw the film. True? If not there are plenty of plot summaries out there and there is absolutely no reason for us to waste time on any feeble attempts of mine to create another.<br /><br />The most stunning aspect of the film is unquestionably the performances by the two young men and the young lady in the leads. Their emotional honesty was as compelling if not more so than any performances I've seen in recent months. I found I laughed cried and cringed right along with them and that's saying a great deal because I'm often called a jaded and cynical jerk.<br /><br />As one would expect the story is rife with clichÃƒÂ©s and I suppose that's the Achilles heel of the picture. It's a story we've all seen many times before; we all know how it will end from the moment they introduce Rory. Though you may not know exact mechanics you know there will be a transformative friendship a bittersweet romance and a gut-wrenching conclusion. If it weren't for the strong cast and directing this film would be nothing more than the soporific swill that comprises eighty percent of the Hallmark Channel's program schedule.
critique3709 A very engaging documentary about Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy whose work consists mostly of ephemeral sculptures made from elements from nature. His work is made of rocks leaves grass ice etc. that gets blown away when the tide arrives at the beach or the wind blows at the field. Thus most of Goldsworthy's works don't really last except as photos or films of what they were. Now one can argue that Goldsworthy's works are a reflection of mortality or words to that effect but isn't it easier to say that what he does is just beautiful art. And at a time when the stereotype about artists is that they are mostly bitter pretentious often mentally unstable people who live in decrepit urban settings Goldsworthy seems to be the opposite: a stable unpretentious family oriented person who loves nature and lives in a small village in Scotland (of course I'm sure those are the same reasons why he's shunned by some people on the art world who found his works fluffy or superficial).
critique3710 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3711 This interesting lost film (written by Terence Malick) stars Stacy Keach and Frederic Forrest as two wacky Southern brothers on a quest to open a seafood restaurant. Margot Kidder was never prettier and Forrest should have been nominated. Originally titled The Dion Brothers this light-hearted flick with a violent ending is a pure joy! <br /><br />Where is this film? I've been searching for it for 30 years. Keach was still great back then and I'm surprised it doesn't have more of a cult following (maybe it does). These guys are a crack-up with more ambition than brains but totally lovable dudes!. A 7 out of 10. If you can dig it up somewhere you'll have fun.
critique3712 I've always liked Barbara Stanwyck who was perhaps the hardest working lead actress of the 30's and 40's although few of her movie roles are memorable. Today she is remembered most for the TV show "The Big Valley". Stanwyck worked so much because she was durable; it seems that she would accept most any role and make the most of it to make the movie a success and so directors loved her and many an ordinary picture gained credibility by her presence.<br /><br />And so it was for "Christmas in Connecticut" a very ordinary effort whose plot strains credulity and isn't even really about Christmas. It does however have Stanwyck and Dennis Morgan as well as some supreme character actors including Sydney Greenstreet and S.K. Sakall so there are plot twists and funny moments which undoubtedly seemed more real in 1945 than they do today. To begin the plot concerns a magazine writer (Stanwyck) who the magazine's readers believe is a domestic goddess married with a child and living on a farm in Connecticut but who is really single lives in New York City and knows nothing about cooking or homemaking. Could anyone get away with such a fraud even then? Apparently and even the owner of the magazine (Greenstreet) is deceived although one would think that he would have long since seen though the deception but the story moves on and Stanwyck Greenstreet a sailor recently survived from his sunken ship (Morgan) and Stanwyck's restaurateur friend (S.Z.Sakall) find themselves spending Christmas in Connecticut at a farm belonging to Stanwyck's boorish boyfriend (Reginald Gardiner). You can imagine all the possibilities there are for this as the fraud unwinds as it must. Gardiner wants Stanwyck to marry him to perpetuate the rouse but one wonders how she can stand him at all. Morgan and Stanwyck fall for each other but he is supposed to be engaged and she is supposed to be married. Regardless they begin what seems to be a make believe affair dancing cheek to cheek and stealing off in a horse drawn sleigh. Meanwhile the incredibly naive Greenstreet character who has seen Stanwyck and Morgan go off together but still doesn't get it sees one of the neighbors take back a child that has been borrowed as part of the deception and calls the cops to report a kidnapping. Stanwyck and Morgan are arrested for stealing the sleigh and the hoax begins to unwind.<br /><br />At this point the movie is funny as in ridiculous or absurd not funny haha and it routinely ends like screwball comedies always did. The good guy gets the girl and presumably they live happily ever after.<br /><br />I watch this movie every year at Christmas to enjoy these character actors at their best in a story that reflects way it was in 1945 and because of a long held fascination with Barbara Stanwyck. Thank goodness it was set at Christmas or like 95 percent of Stanwyck's movies it would have been long ago forgotten and we would not get to see it each year anew.
critique3713 Denis Leary can indeed be funny and clever at times and is always likable but this takes the cake! This show showed Leary's genius.<br /><br />The Job is set in New York. Leary plays Mike McNeil a hard-nosed detective who is married has a occasional drug problem and has a girlfriend. McNeil has serious attitude. So much he's dripping in it. The precinct is filled with funny interesting and likable characters besides McNeil. An excellent cast too. All of the episodes in this show are really funny and are addictive. The one liners in this show are everywhere. You'll be in stitches after hearing them and still laugh about them a few minutes after and then some. The cases the precinct deals with are something else to stripper nuns a bathroom hostage situation and more are over the top. This show was too good. Could have grown legs to last many more seasons. <br /><br />The Last Word: A great fantastic show. I miss this show dearly. All episodes of this show are great. You get even belly-laughs...a lot. ABC made a huge mistake by giving this the ax. Too bad Leary did not revive the show for cable TV. Still I give this show one of my highest of recommendations. Truly a one of a kind show.
critique3714 Don't let the rating of 5.9 (as of this writing on 12-8-02) fool you this is one excellent film.<br /><br />I cannot fathom how this got such a rating considering being so solid at all levels. The direction acting cinematography--all good. The story is interesting and original and my only inkling as far as understanding why the rating is such sits in the fact that it is probably the type of movie that people rating might not normally see.<br /><br />I equate it to playing modern rock for an 80 year old. You might be young brought up on it and love it but he or she has not been and as a product of a different time and taste--doesn't care for it.<br /><br />If you like films and can handle movies based more on real people versus those comprised of mindless action enormous flashy budgets and mediocre talent give this one a try next time you see it on...<br /><br />
critique3715 One of my favorite movies. I like horses I like happy endings and I like Walter Matthau. I miss him and am glad to have a great film like this to remind me why he was so wonderful. Watch it with your kids (or your horse).<br /><br />The story of an old hard boot horse trainer with kids and down on his luck. If you have ever had or appreciated horse racing you will appreciate the rags to riches storyline. It may be a little below "Seabiscuit" but not a lot. The story is the same one except it is the quarter horse version. Well acted correct racing terms and equipment and nice racing scenes. Don't take my word for it get it and make up your own mind.
critique3716 New York has never looked so good! And neither has anyone in this movie. While the script is a bit lightweight you can't help but like this movie or any of the characters in it. You almost wish people like this really existed. The appeal of the actors are what really put it over(John Ritter Colleen Camp and the late Dorothy Stratten are particularly good.) Go ahead and rent or buy this movie you'll be glad you did.
critique3717 Soapdish may go down as one of the single most under-rated movies ever made.<br /><br />A stellar unselfish cast who understood exactly where the movie was going and the roles they played in it. While everyone hammed it up there was no one-upmanship. Kline showed wit and great physical comedy Goldberg and Downey knew how to carry on a funny conversation while someone else was talking I could just go on.<br /><br />Do not pass this movie by!
critique3718 I can't believe we don't have that 70's show anymore. I have all 8 seasons of that 70's show!! I absolutely Love It!! I lay in the bed every night and watch several episodes before I go to sleep. At the end of a long busy day it's nice to kick back and have a great laugh before you go to sleep. I was so sad they took the show off air... at least we still have the re-runs!! I am hoping and praying they will come back with at least a reunion...Like maybe when Donna finishes college and we finally get to see her and Eric get married!!!! Wouldn't that be awesome!!! It would be even better if they would continue it for several years!!
critique3719 Just before dawn  is one of the best slasher films.It very realistic and atmospheric.It reminds me Tobe Hooper`s "The Texas chainsaw massacre " and "Deliverance ".Deborah Benson very good plays the heroine and director Jeff Lieberman created very creepy and dark movie."Just before dawn " is beautiful photographed and soundtrack is very disturbing.I never<br /><br />liked slasher films or gore except with this one.Very impressive and convincing movie ( at least for me )
critique3720 An hilariously accurate caricature of trying to sell a script. Documentary hits all the beats plot points character arcs seductions moments of elation and disappointments and the allure but insane prospect of selling a script or getting an agent in Hollywood;and all the fleeting fantasy-realizing but ultimately empty rites of passage attendant to being socialized into "the system." Hotz and Rice capture the moment of thinking you're finally a player only to find that what goes up comes down fast and in a blind-siding fashion;that for inexplicable reasons Hollywood has moved on and left you checking your heart your dreams and your pockets. Pitch is a must-see for students in film school to taste the mind and ego-bashing gantlet that is for most the road that must be traveled to sell oneself and one's projects in Hollywood. If your teacher or guru has never been there they can't tell you what you need to prepare for this gantlet. To enter the"biz" talent is necessary but far from sufficient
critique3721 Many reviews I've read reveals that most people tend to like Part One better than Part Two. I feel exactly the opposite. Part One played around a bit much with trying to find different ways of showing Che Guevara's personality through different types of film stock different locations and cutting back and forth between an interview and the Cuban revolution. For the most part it was structured finely but somewhat distracting. In Part Two Che enters Bolivia and along with changing geographical location the rules and the structure changes. Gone are the spacial jumps and switching between stocks the "documentary realism" and the treatises. Instead now we are literally trapped with Che in a desaturated depopulated landscape where the only people who exist are burdened too far with their lives for anything but survival to be an option. I posit that it's the dark turn of Che's life that is the real reason why most people prefer Part One to Part Two.<br /><br />The change in geographic location also signifies for me at least that Che: Part One and Che: Part Two are in fact the second two acts of a three act structure begun by Motorcycle Diaries. Motorcycle Diaries is Che's coming-of-age (or more appropriately coming-of-ideals) in Argentina Che: Part One is his military leadership in Cuba and Che: Part Two is his downfall in Bolivia. These movies do not completely illustrate his life (we're missing his experiences in Guatamala and more importantly in my opinion his post-Cuban revolution executions) but they create a very detailed exploration into the controversial aspects of his character and nature as worldwide symbol. He both symbolizes the idealism and need for armed resistance to oppression and revolutionary failings in the post-World War II third world countries and their hindering by such activities as um the CIAs meddling.<br /><br />But yet again all of that is projected on-screen in this case not through long scenes of dialog and speeches but through a much more intimate suffering portrayal of Che at the end of his thread and his life. Again the rules have changed and in this case it's hard to tell if there was any chance of success at all. The number of times the camera shows people literally trapped between a rock and a hard place and the desaturated shaky long takes involves the audience into the narrative of people imprisoned in a hostile landscape an existential hell where revolutionary beliefs ultimately end up taking second tier to the desperation of hunted people starving to death. It's just not that easy of a movie to watch but it's very effective.<br /><br />--PolarisDiB
critique3722 For some reason I always enjoy movies that people hate when I really don't think they're that bad - and this is one of those films. In the case of this movie I think it is way too over-criticized I really isn't that bad of a film at all. In fact I think this is one of the better sequels. "Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers" begins on the night before Halloween where Michael brutally murders Jamie Lloyd (who was taken captive by the "Man In Black" in part 5) after she gives birth to his baby. We are then introduced to the Strode family who is now coincidentally living in the old Myers house (which seems to change in each film). Kara and her son Danny are the main characters along with Tommy Doyle the now adult boy who survived the original killings. They must fight together to save Jamie's baby from an evil cult that takes care of Michael while Michael himself is driven to kill by an old Celtic ritual where he must sacrifice an entire family in Haddonfield.<br /><br />This is surely one of the best sequels in the series in my opinion anyway and I can't understand all of the hate it has gotten. It had some nice suspense an interesting plot (but sometimes confusing I'll admit) some scary moments here and there and plenty of gore and knife slashings to appease all of you gorehounds. Not all of the acting wasn't particularly great but it was convincing enough for me. Marianne Hagan is the leading lady and she is very likable. Paul Rudd plays a grown-up Tommy Doyle and is also very talented and plays his part nicely. The rest of the supporting cast (besides the brilliant Donald Pleasance) isn't much to praise but it wasn't too bad either all things considered. I'm still not sure if giving an explanation for why Michael kills was completely necessary but it turned out to be okay in the end and I wasn't upset with the way they tied everything together. The open-ended conclusion was also kind of eerie but could have been something more. <br /><br />I have also seen the infamous "Producer's Cut" of this film the original cut of it and I think that in some respects it is better. It further explains the Thorn curse that drives Michael and has some extra scenes that really helped support the film plus the ending was a lot better in my opinion. It felt more natural than the conclusion that we're given in the studio cut of the film. I wish that Dimension would release this alternate version of the film because I personally think it is better. The chances of that are very slim though.<br /><br />Overall "Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers" is a very good sequel and will please all of the fans of the series. This movie isn't the best of all horror movies but it's definitely worth renting if you want to see Michael do his thing. Just don't expect brilliance and you'll enjoy it. 7/10.
critique3723 ***SPOILERS*** Well made and interesting film about the alienated youth of America back in the 1950's. Back in those days many parents caught up with making big bucks and living high on the hog forget that their children especially teen-agers needed a lot more then a car and and hefty allowance in order to feel part of the family. They also needed love and attention to their growing up problems which is what 16 year-old Hal Ditmar James MacArthur never got from his successful movie producer dad Mr.Tom Ditmar James Daly.<br /><br />Never really connecting with his dad Hal grows more and more distant from both him and his caring mom Helen Ditmar Kim Hunter as well as from society. After his dad put Hal down about him wanting to borrow his car a late model luxury sedan he and his friend Jerry Jeffery Silver drive in Hal's beat up and barley operational 1930's jalopy to the local treater to catch the latest western flick.<br /><br />Feeling like striking out at the world Hal acts like a real first-class jerk sticking his smelly feet almost into the faces of a couple Eddie Ryder & Jean Corbett sitting in front of him and Jerry trying to watch the movie. This leads Hal as well as his friend Jerry to not only be kicked out of the theater but with him belting the theater manager Mr. Grebbs Whit Bissell. It turned out that at least Hal was willing to leave the theater without even getting his money back but when Grebbs tries to grab him Hal wheeled around and belted him right in the kisser.<br /><br />Hal now in real hot water he's charged with assault and battery put's on his "James Dean" act at the local police station making like he's either too cool or just plain stupid to realize what he's done; almost knocked Mr. Grebbs teeth out. It's when Sgt.Shipley James Gergory tells Hal that his dad is coming to pick him up when he finally sobers up to the fact of what he's done.<br /><br />The rest of the film has Hal try to straighten himself out but is unable to do that because the low esteem that his dad has of him. Begging his father to understand that what he did in belting Mr. Grebbs was in self-defense Hal's father acts as if he's been there at the theater and saw the whole incident with his son Hal acting like a street thug instead of of a young man being grabbed and pushed without provocation.<br /><br />Not excusing what Hal did in laying out Mr. Grebbs he in fact was willing to admit his hooligan behavior but he wanted both Mr. Grebbs and his dad to at least treat him with an iota of consideration; Gebbs in the fact that he provoked Hal and Mr. Ditmas in not even bothering to hear him out! Feeling like a wanted criminal without anyone but his mom to really turn too Hal slowly loses it only to later have both Sgt. Shipley and Mr. Grabbs agree to drop the assault charge. You would think that by now Hal's has finally learned his lesson but the real lesson more then a stretch behind bars that Hal's so desperately needed was a lesson that his father totally ignored! Being there when his son needed him most and in that Mr. Ditmar failed with flying colors.<br /><br />Things do in fact straighten out for everyone in the movie only after Mr. Grebbs gets belted ending up with a butte of a shiner again by Hal who going back to Grebbs theater tries to get him to phone his dad and tell him that Hal was only defending himself when he first not the second time around clobbered him. In the end Hal learned a real lesson in getting along with people an not letting his problems become other peoples problems. But most of all Hal's father Mr. Ditmar learned the most valuable lesson of all in how to understand his frustrated and alienated son and act like a father toward him instead of a combination jail-keeper and a sugar daddy. Like the song says "All you need s Love" to get things on the right track and it was both love and understanding for his son Hal that Mr. Ditmar until the very end of the movie lacked the most off.
critique3724 This short is one of the best of all time and is proof (just like most of Charlie Chaplin's work) that sound and color are not requirements for quality work. In fact this cartoon uses (and may have started) some of the gags and devices that became standard in animation in later years like caricatures of celebrities (including the afore-mentioned Chaplin. While the characters are silent they do "speak" by use of word balloons just like in the comics. Given that Felix started out in newspapers as a comic strip this device is a natural. The atmosphere and style of the short is completely harmonious with that of the comic strip while adding another dimension (literally and figuratively) and makes this short a delight to watch. Well worth taking the time and effort to get. Most highly recommended.
critique3725 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3726 All I can say about the Necromaniac/Schizophreniac 2 series is... if you are even remotely "PC" or don't have a seriously messed up sense of humor then you probably wont get it. As sick and disgusting as this movie is it really is a comedy and not a "horror" movie at all. If you can appreciate somebody who pushes the bounds of good taste and political correctness to the most extreme limits imaginable to the point where is becomes so out of hand that it's comical then you must see this to believe it. This movie is so out of control that a major film studio couldn't touch this with a 10 foot pole (with a condom on the end). In my opinion though the best most extreme pieces of art come from way underground. If you don't stick to the same old formula that people are used to seeing then they reject it.<br /><br />I have seen stacks of terrible boring z-grade Indy movies that were just a waste of a perfectly good VHS tape or DVD-R. I have also seen stacks of stink bombs coming from the big named studios that were a complete waste of millions of dollars. When a NO BUDGET film like these two from Ron Atkins/John Giancaspro come out and blow all of the other "shock" films completely out of the water you really have to take a second look at the whole Indy movie scene. After seeing this you can really see how much freedom an Indy film maker can have when they work on their own.<br /><br />The funny thing is even the other people who saw this movie and "hated it" admit to the fact that they laughed all the way through it. I don't think that is is possible for anybody to get bored watching either of these two. So if don't take everything that you seen in the mainstream media too seriously and are able to laugh at a misanthropic puppet wielding psychopath who has finally snapped YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS. You may just be able to see it for the stand alone cult classic that it is. Both Schizophreniac / Schizophreniac 2 are among the favorites in my collection of well over 1000 dvds.
critique3727 Or released on DVD or screened on a cable channel like Amer. Life TV network. I have been watching another favorite "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea" as well as "Lost in Space" and Land of Giants". They've been showing them forever but aren't receptive to suggestions for other shows. My father and I were big fans as I was already a big science/electronics nut (still am) and my father was an old school chum of Nader. They both attended Oxy together. I still have memories of several of the episodes even though I was only 9. More so than any show that old. I think it was televised on Sat. after "Bonanza". Some of the episodes I recall are the one where he takes the experimental drug that slows down action. Or the one where he body surfs the big ones (I did that too!) Or the one where there was a mine cave in and he conveys how to use mind control to have the trapped people slow their breathing by entering a trance-like state. That is the one show that I wish I could see again. I got my wish with the original "Outer Limits" and "Sci-Fi Theater...John
critique3728 I just saw this film in Austin Texas at the Austin Gay and Lesbian Film Festival and it was my festival favorite. The gymnast is a film NOT to be missed. It is an honest "coming to terms" story about relationships self discovery  growing older and having the courage to change and move forward. Not only is this a good story but the glorious aerialist performances by Dreya Weber and Addie Yungmee will take your breath away! See this film! It will be coming soon to a festival near you. This film deserved to be picked up right away by a major network or studio. I will certainly purchase this when it becomes available on DVD.
critique3729 A solid if unremarkable film. Matthau as Einstein was wonderful. My favorite part and the only thing that would make me go out of my way to see this again was the wonderful scene with the physicists playing badmitton I loved the sweaters and the conversation while they waited for Robbins to retrieve the birdie.
critique3730 'Panic in the Streets (1950)' owes more to British noir that its American counterparts. Like Reed's 'The Third Man (1949)' and Dassin's 'Night and the City (1950)' director Elia Kazan chose to film largely on location capturing the fresh and vibrant decadence of the New Orleans slums. In a decision borrowed from the masters of Italian neorealism he also hired many non-professional actors for minor roles lending an air of authenticity to the cityscape. However any further comparisons with neorealism would be misguided for 'Panic in the Streets' is pure melodrama of the best kind. A murdered illegal immigrant fished out of the bay is found to be infected with pneumonic plague a deadly air-borne mutation of bubonic plague which is transmitted from human-to-human and untreated has a mortality rate that approaches 100%. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) an officer with the U.S. Public Health Service convinces the doubtful police-chief (Paul Douglas) to undertake a city-wide manhunt for the men responsible for the homicide lest they also be infected with the illness.<br /><br />In my younger years I found Wolfgang Petersen's 'Outbreak (1995)' to be among the most horrifying movies I'd ever seen. That thriller which owes plenty to 'Panic in the Streets' {working title: "Outbreak"} terrified me so efficiently because it depicted the ebola virus as both an invisible and invincible killer Ã‚Â– how does one defend themselves against such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (that I know of) to approach the subject of biological epidemics though it has difficulty ascribing visual recognition to an enemy that is basically undetectable to the human eye; it instead uses Jack Palance as a human personification of the Plague. Despite his venturing out among the filthy dregs of human society you never get the sense that Clinton Reed is placing his own life at risk {some viewers have noted that Reed never inoculated himself against the plague though I think it's safe to assume that he did so at the same time as the morgue staff}. Nevertheless there's still a strong sense of urgency in the hunt for the infected man's killers underground street-rats who pollute the sewers with their misdeeds.<br /><br />In medieval times when the Black Death (now widely believed to have been bubonic plague) swept across the civilised world killing a third of Europe's population many identified the destruction as being the work of the Devil. Jack Palance's character Blackie serves effectively as Satan in human form: the angular-jawed thug can occasionally be charming and charismatic but is always liable to explode into fits of violence; his two hoodlums (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel) through terror more than anything else are constantly grovelling at his feet. When one lackey falls ill with fever Blackie deduces that the man's immigrant cousin must have "brought something in with him" (the irony of his conclusion not passing unnoticed) and so attempts to ascertain what this presumably valuable object must be. He cradles the dying Poldi in his arms a grotesque display of faux affection that is both pathetic and unsettling. Blackie/Satan is finally stopped Ã‚Â– not by the authorities but by the burden of his own infection/evil Ã‚Â– as he attempts to board a cargo ship the primary vessel by which the Plague spread across Europe.
critique3731 Absolute masterpiece of a film! Goodnight Mr.Tom has swiftly become one of my favourite films of all time. Nobody should miss out on seeing this film it's just too good! Mr.Tom is perfectly portrayed by John Thaw as the harsh old man who becomes a soft father-figure when William Beech(Nick Robinson) is sent to him for evacuation almost like 'The town mouse and the country mouse'. A truly heart wrenching film. The director knew exactly how to turn book into film and he has done so extremely well. The film was so excellently shot that the emotions of the characters and what was happening made the audience feel a range of emotions from love to fear and these emotions could turn on a six-pence. Set in a time of turmoil during World War Two this film also shows the difference between the cities and the countryside they are almost like different countries. An absolute must see those who don't are missing out on a truly amazing and brilliant film.
critique3732 Initially I was put off renting this movie due to the jacket art for the DVD. In fact this held true with friends of mine who didn't rent it due to the art and the mental image(s) it conjured of being a movie that held little or no interest to me (or to my friends). But I rented and watched it and was truly amazed.<br /><br />I agree with another user's comments that this movie is not for everyone due to the blatant sexual inferences so it is definitely not something I'd want young children to watch (and doubt seriously if they would understand it anyway).<br /><br />I enjoy movies like this whereby the character's personalities and who they are are genuinely defined in a no-nonsense direct way with no teasers to indicate they will turn out bad. The acting done ... was it acting? Ricci and Jackson performed so well I was drawn into this movie not even realizing they were acting. Same thing with the story ... may seem far-fetched somewhat but it was done so very very well. It reminded me of another movie with Mel Gibson Tim where each character had limitations whether mental or circumstantial so were well-defined.<br /><br />I found much depth in this movie with the character's involved so feel that everyone involved (from the cameramen to the actors) should be commended on a perfect fit/result. After viewing this movie I had talked to a couple of friends who had a negative approach to watching it like I did so after hearing my comments they rented and watched it. They too were quite surprised at how good it was. It is too bad that the art on the jacket was done the way it was since it is a turn off. I can see now how the art applies but I'd not heard of this movie before and the art was my first impression ... art sells or destroys DVD sales/rentals.<br /><br />These characters had more depth to them and good timing was allotted to give an audience like me time to absorb the "feel" for each. I felt I could trust the movie to flow well and it did. So with the jacket art aside I would recommend watching this movie.
critique3733 I was surprised that " Forgiving the Franklins " did not generate more buzz at this years Sundance Film Festival. There were times that the laughter at the screening I saw was so loud that you could barely hear the movie. The movie has some excellent acting and a story that really makes one examine broader issues . You know little issues like Religion sex and the truth. Lots of comedy's seem to rely on the same old corny contrived situations many leave you thinking " I know they ripped this off from some sitcom " .This film takes off on its own unique direction . I really think that Jay Floyd did a fantastic job with a tight budget on this film.
critique3734 Show People is an absolutely delightful silent directed by King Vidor and starring Marion Davies and Billy Haines. What gems both of them are in this charming comedy about a young girl Peggy Pepper whose acting is the talk of Savannah trying to make it on the big screen. Though she's a success in comedy what she wants to do is make "art" so she moves up to High Arts Studio. Soon she becomes Patricia Pepoire and is too good for the likes of her friend Billy.<br /><br />Many stars of the silent era have cameos in "Show People" including Davies herself without the curly hair and makeup. I'm sure when people saw the film in 1928 they recognized everyone who appeared in the elaborate lunch scene; sadly nowadays it's not the case even for film buffs. In one part of the film however she does meet Charlie Chaplin; in another author Elinor Glyn is pointed out to her and Vidor himself has a cameo at the end of the film. Other stars who pop up in "Show People" are John Gilbert Douglas Fairbanks William S. Hart Leatrice Joy Bess Flowers Renee Adoree Rod LaRoque Aileen Pringle and many others.<br /><br />Davies was adorable and a lively comedienne. It's a shame William Haines quit the movies - he was cute and energetic deservedly an enormous star back in the day.<br /><br />"Show People" is a simple story told in a witty way. It's also a look back at an exciting era in Hollywood's history and contains performances by two wonderful stars.
critique3735 I think this movie would be more enjoyable if everyone thought of it as a picture of colonial Africa in the 50's and 60's rather than as a story. Because there is no real story here. Just one vignette on top of another like little points of light that don't mean much until you have enough to paint a picture. The first time I saw Chocolat I didn't really "get it" until having thought about it for a few days. Then I realized there were lots of things to "get" including the end of colonialism which was but around the corner just no plot. Anyway it's one of my all-time favorite movies. The scene at the airport with the brief shower and beautiful music was sheer poetry. If you like "exciting" movies don't watch this--you'll be bored to tears. But for some of you... you can thank me later for recommending it to you.
critique3736 29 Sept 1990 marked a small but important milestone in my appreciation of horror flicks. This was the date that BBC1 broadcast (for the only time I'm aware of) Jeff Lieberman's super-creepy 1981 shocker Just Before Dawn and it made a huge impression on me. Nearly twenty years later I'm delighted to report that I've finally got my hands on the two-disc Shriek Show / Media Blasters special edition and it's just as eerie and unsettling as I remember it if not more so.<br /><br />The plot as is usual for genre flicks (and this was Lieberman's first film as a 'director for hire' though he did at least remove all the religious cult snake-handling mumbo-jumbo from the screenplay) is a bit thin - five likable twenty-somethings (including Chris Lemmon son of Jack in a pair of uncomfortably tight white strides) venture into the dense Oregon woodlands to do a spot of camping and to check out a patch of land that's been bequeathed to one of their number. But Just Before Dawn stands out from a crowd of imitators because Lieberman wastes no time in showing us just how deranged things are on this particular patch of mountain with a complete innocent skewered and a drunk preacher's truck shoved down a hill and engulfed in flames within minutes of the film beginning. The youngsters come rolling into the picture in a snappy Winnebago Blondie's 'Heart of Glass' pounding on the soundtrack and before you can say "Texas Chainsaw Massacre!" they've clobbered an innocent deer with the front bumper and had their first taste of aggro from the heavy-set maniac responsible for the opening catastrophes. Forest ranger Roy (George Kennedy) warns them that things are likely to go awry if they go any further but they go ahead with the trip anyway refusing to give the sozzled preacher a ride even though he's understandably scared witless and finally pitching camp miles from anywhere. Needless to say things go downhill from here.<br /><br />Although this film's not short on bloody horror and well-handled action scenes the standout moments for me are those where Lieberman lets his camera zoom out long and slow from apparently innocuous shots of the fun-loving kids larking around in the wilderness or just lets it settle for a while on the dense imposing people-dwarfing woodlands. He makes the Oregon exteriors as threatening and as ominous as Kubrick made the Overlook Hotel's spacious interiors in the Shining and Brad Fiedel's score (discounting the horribly distorted racket that runs over the titles) stays the right side of intrusive underscoring the slowly escalating menace with subtlety and flair. There are plenty of surprises along the way nods to Deliverance with the discovery of a backwoods babe and her freaky disturbing family and a truly bizarre kill technique deployed shortly before the film's end. I won't spoil it for you. I've said enough.<br /><br />Quite why this undervalued horror gem fell through the cracks and became a cult item instead of a breakout hit is hard to ascertain but hopefully it will be rediscovered and appreciated for years to come - it deserves to be.
critique3737 Jennifer Montgomery's "Art for Teachers of Children" is a stunning disturbing masterpiece. Montgomery's gritty camerawork and cinematography coupled with the brilliantly unemotional performances she evokes from her cast heighten the sense of shocking raw realism in this autobiographical story of a 14-year-old Jennifer's seduction of her married boarding-school guidance counselor. The scenes between the amazingly uncanny actress playing Jennifer (Caitlin Grace McDonnell) and Jennifer's mother (actually voiced by Ruth Montgomery) on the phone are some of the most intriguing and powerful I've ever seen captured on film. The lesson ultimately learned here? "There's nothing more dangerous than a boring man who creates bad art." Well I would highly recommend this remarkable piece of "Art" for anyone interested in thought-provoking independent cinema.
critique3738 I just saw this movie for the second time. I first saw it back in the mid-90's as a Vanguard Video selection. It has retained it power.<br /><br />It is interesting from several aspects. One is that it is based on a true story. Two is it is a launching pad for two interesting actors: Keanu Reeves and Crispin Glover. And three it has Dennis Hopper in one of his better social misfit/psychotic character roles.<br /><br />The movie is also a study in the way people act in different settings. You have characters in one-on-one family peer group school general society settings etc. The story does well in demonstrating how a person will act in each setting.<br /><br />I wish I could find the details of the actual murder to compare to the movie. I saw a short bit that indicated it occurred in California and that several schoolmates were taken to view the corpse. <br /><br />This is a good choice for a rainy night video rental. Be prepared to feel unsettled at the end.
critique3739 This truly funny movie has a zany cast of characters just about every voluptuous middle-aged female in Hollywood and a touching funny love story. The Capomezza's and the Malacici's are rival caterers in an Italian neighborhood in New York. They are also at opposite--extreme--ends of the taste scale. Their children are cast in the lead roles of a church production of Romeo and Juliet. Naturally they fall in love. On stage! The mayhem and confusion that this causes as the parents feud with each other and their kids is played out for us against the backdrop of the Capomezza's magnificently tasteless home and their magnificently tasteless catered weddings.<br /><br />Besides the four over-the-top parents and the charming young lovers the characters include a vaguely wise priest a plain-speaking grandma a lady who waves a wand and passes on spiritual advice she receives from a medium called The Blessed Roscoe a motel with beds shaped like the back seat of a car and two doves. There is not a sight gag or a punch line that doesn't click in this fast paced movie.<br /><br />Even the family names of the two families are part of the fun. "Capomezza" could be interpreted as "low-brows" and "Malacici" could mean "stuck-up snobs." <br /><br />If you are sensitive about Italian stereotypes you may not like this movie. If Bette Midler embarrasses you you may not like it because all of the women in this movie make Bette Midler look like Martha Stewart. The rest of us should love it!
critique3740 Hayao Miyazaki's magic continues with this absolute crowd pleaser Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea his latest animated film which turns on the usual sweetness to charm your socks off. I thought that the trailer featured its song which was quietly hypnotic and I didn't have to wait for an invite to make sure I got my ticket for the sneak preview of the movie scheduled to open here next week.<br /><br />For fans of Studio Ghibli films you'll probably know what you're in for as Miyazaki has yet another winner in his filmography that will win new fans over. I'm embarrassed to say the least that I've so far watched only My Neighbour Totoro (eyes that pile of Ghibli DVDs) and love it to bits but I guess this would serve as a final push for me not to continue missing what would likely be animated films that I would enjoy.<br /><br />Ponyo (voiced by Nara Yuria) is a magic goldfish that yearns to know what is life beyond the sea with her constant forays in a bubble to the surface of the water to sneak a peek. Nonetheless these ambitions do not bode well with her humanoid dad Fujimoto (Tokoro Joji) who harbours some hatred toward the human race for pollution and briefly touching a subplot on environmental protection / revenge by Mother Nature as well. An accident one day sees Ponyo being washed ashore and picked up by five year old boy Sosuke (Doi Hiroki) who lives on a house on the said cliff with his mother Lisa (Yamaguchi Tomoko) while dad Koichi (Nagashima Kazushige) is mostly out to sea since he's a sailor. And you can expect some moments of throwback to the likes of The Little Mermaid or Splash made for kids. Saying anything more would be to spoil the fun.<br /><br />The artwork here is still simply astounding even though it's in 2D glory knowing that each cell is painstakingly worked on. There are so many things going on at the same time within the same frame that you'll probably be game for repeated viewings just to spot them all. This definitely beats any 3D or CG animated production any day given its beauty coming from its simplicity and not only from the artwork department but on its story too despite complaints coming in that it took a leaf from the Hans Christian Andersen classic. While there are avenues to make this film extremely dark it only suggested certain dark themes but opted instead for a film with more positive emotions suitable for both kids and adults alike.<br /><br />At its core its about love that between the family members of Koichi Lisa and Sosuke and especially between mother and son. More so it's about the love between the boy and his new pet fish which he christened Ponyo and I tell you Ponyo herself has enough cuteness in her to beat the likes of Bolt WallE and Eve all hands down. Characterization here is top notch and it's hard not to fall in love with Ponyo in whichever form adopted especially when she's such a playful being who doesn't hide her emotions - if she's upset with you either she turns away or you could expect a jet stream come spewing from her mouth into your face!<br /><br />Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea is a definite shoo-in to my top films of this year without hesitation. And the next time I go to Tokyo I'm sure as hell going to make my way to the Ghibli Museum to bask under the magical world brought to us by Hayao Miyazaki. Highly recommended film so don't you go missing this on the big screen!
critique3741 Many Americans are lazy and this has manifested itself even in our DVD-watching. Many of us don't like to take the time to read an hour-and-a-half (or more) of subtitles so we choose not to see many foreign films. One film that is TOTALLY worth your time no matter how mundane a task you might think the subtitle-reading is however is "The Green Butchers." It's by far the best foreign film I've ever seen and tops many American films I've seen lately as well. It's a complex situation told in a remarkably simple and funny dialogue. The character depth derived in this film is AMAZING. The way Svend and Eigel (sorry if those are spelled wrong) feed off each other's contrasting personas is downright spectacular! The actors were well-cast and I'm very much hoping that a sequel is in consideration...it needs very little of Bjorne and what's-her-face...just give me Svend and Eigel on some sort of journey with supporting characters and more amazing dialogue! To the author of this fine screenplay I say: Write more! The story itself is rather twisted but you'll find yourself rooting for the bad guy anyhow...with no remorse. PLEASE check this movie out!
critique3742 Opera was filmed in synchronization with a variety of other mass media productions (start point for Opera is the initial appearance of the raven eye):<br /><br />The Wizard of Oz (synch start points are third MGM lion roar Dorothy's third knock on Tin Man's chest in the orchard and Dorothy's third heel click; synchs with Gone With The Wind)<br /><br />Prince of Darkness (synch start point is the music score start point)<br /><br />Electric Ladyland (original release version songs and sequence only)<br /><br />Rocka Rolla (original release version songs only)<br /><br />Sad Wings of Destiny (original release ...)<br /><br />Sin After Sin (original release ...)<br /><br />Stained Class (original release ...)<br /><br />Hell Bent For Leather (original release ...)<br /><br />Point of Entry (original release ...)<br /><br />Screaming For Vengeance (original release ...)<br /><br />Defenders of the Faith (original release ...)<br /><br />Turbo (original release ...)
critique3743 Hidden Frontier has been talked about and reported on by several news agencies for their long commitment to creating the best Star Trek stories and to providing an example of the togetherness that was Gene Roddenberry's mission. Their focus on homosexuality depression war and acceptance of different races is on par or exceeds those of the other Trek series and movies. The production value started off as smaller and choppy but over the 7 seasons of production the acting has improved the stories are more complex and the visual graphics have gotten smoother and more impressive. In season 6 episode 1 Countermeasures there is one of the biggest space battles in Trek history. The ships are rendered well and the space battles are impressive and exciting. The real draw to Frontier is not the ships or the backgrounds but it is the people and the interplay and growth of characters. There are also nods to other Trek series and movies with places and characters we all know. I recommend any Trek fan to check out Countermeasures and you will be hooked!
critique3744 This is an incredible piece of drama and powerful which hits you. I found the film was great and getting to grips with the two main characters disability this was represented in a great performance by both two Michael and Rory. Whether the story is based around a true story I feel the story was trying to giving the audience a message that as a whole the general public should respect and feel for the needs of disabled people and that they should be given the same chance as any other human. On the whole this film reach into my soul and I too felt touched by the actors and the director sending out there creativity. The whole picture is that some actors take it beyond their character the play and only show part of the character that is believable to the audience but I feel that theses two certainly made great use as their gifted talent to portray a masterpiece piece of drama. Certainly one not to be missed!
critique3745 THE BEAVER TRILOGY is without a doubt one of the most brilliant films ever made. I was lucky enough to catch it along with a Q&A session with director Trent Harris at the NY Video Festival a few years back and then bought a copy off of Trent's website. This movie HAS to be seen to be believed! I sincerely recommend searching for Trent's name on the web and then buying the film from his site. He's an incredibly nice guy to boot. Don't get confused: The cameraman in the fictional sections of THE BEAVER TRILOGY is NOT Trent!<br /><br />After having seen the TRILOGY a few times I do have to admit that I could probably do without the Sean Penn version. It's like a try-out version for the Crispin Glover "Orkly Kid" section and is interesting more as a curiosity item if you're a Penn fan than it being a good video. Penn is pretty funny though and you can see the makings of a big star in this gritty B&W video.<br /><br />This is probably also one of Crispin Glover's best roles and I would just love to see an updated documentary about the original Groovin' Gary. Once you see this film you'll never get Gary's nervous laughter out of your head ever again.
critique3746 La Teta i la Luna (The Breast and the Moon) describes the life of a 9-10 year old boy named Tete who is obsessed with breasts growing up in Catalunya. I love this movie because the characters are very honest and very human like all the characters in Bigas Luna's movies (also director of Jamon Jamon). Tete reminded me of how intriguing and exciting life can be at that age. Also being from Catalunya (North-east of Spain) it brought lots of memories to my mind. This movie shows how beautiful Catalunya is nice people nice life and specially lots of non-uptight people.
critique3747 SPOILERS Every major regime uses the country's media to it's own ends. Whether the Nazi banning of certain leaflets or the televised Chinese alternative of Tianamen Square Governments have tried to influence the people through different mediums since the beginning of time. In 1925 though celebrating the failed mutiny of 1905 the Russian Communist Government supported the creation of this film Battleship Potempkin. A major piece of cinematic history it remains powerful and beautiful to this very day.<br /><br />Set aboard the Battleship Potempkin the crew are unhappy. In miserable living conditions and with maggot infested food they are angry at their upper class suppressors. Now though after the rotten food enough is enough. Led by Grigory Vakulinchuk (Aleksandr Antonov) the crew turn upon their masters and fight for their freedom.<br /><br />As far as propaganda goes "Battleship Potempkin" is perfect. Presenting a positive light on the first unsuccessful communist mutiny the film was a useful Soviet tool. Eighty years after the films release though and the USSR has disappeared completely off the map. The amazing thing about this film though is that whilst the country it's message was intended for has disappeared the film remains a powerful and worthy piece of cinema.<br /><br />Written and directed by Sergei Eisenstein the film is surprisingly a joy to watch. It is true that it is far from what we would nowadays consider 'entertainment' but the film is a beautiful piece of art.<br /><br />Whether it be the scenes aboard the boat or the often talked about scene on the steps of Odessa everything about this film is perfectly made. The music is powerful and dramatic the lighting is flawless even the acting whilst slightly overdone is perfect for the piece. Basically there is no way to fault this film's end product.<br /><br />It's impossible to know how the Russian people received this film upon it's release. Praising a country which has not existed for fifteen years it's difficult for us to know the full spirits that the film inspires. As a piece of art though it is magnificent. Beautiful from start to finish it is far from an easy watch but it is well worth the effort.
critique3748 Ninja Hunter (AKA Wu Tang vs Ninja) is pure entertainment from start to finish due to its outrageous characters nonsensical plot and lack of any pretensions whatsoever. The makers of this film have given us a truly OTT masterpiece which has to be seen to be believed.<br /><br />The plot centres around Wu Tang villain Abbot White who wants to destroy the Shaolin monks and become supreme martial artist. In order to do so he teams up with a clan of Ninjas led by three masters Ã‚Â– gold lamÃƒÂ© ninja white mustachioed ninja and black ninja Ã‚Â– and succeeds in destroying the Shaolin temple and most of its inhabitants. However there are some survivors. It is their job to pass on the knowledge of the Shaolin finger jab to a new generation who must defeat the ninjas and Abbott White if peace and order is to be restored.<br /><br />Unfortunately Abbott White is a difficult foe to beat since he is able to make himself virtually indestructible by sucking the life force out of hot naked chicks (an excuse for some welcome gratuitous nudity!).<br /><br />Other treats in store for viewers include loads of very impressive fighting (despite some of it being speeded up) some really amazing outfits (the aforementioned gold lamÃƒÂ© ninja Abbott White's Yin Yang suits and even some assassins wearing Swastika tunics) a ninja turning into a flying carpet plus some cheesy gore for good measure. And I nearly forgot to mention the really impressive eyebrows on display in this movie Ã‚Â– surely a good reason not to pass up on this gem.
critique3749 An adaption of the book 'Finding Fish'. This story is about a troubled young sailor Antwone Fisher (Derek Luke) who tells the painful story of his past to a psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). A brilliant debut performance by Derek Luke and an always stunning performance by Denzel Washington.<br /><br />This movie was incredible on so many levels and I was disappointed that it didn't win an Oscar I think it was because it was released at a bad time that's why it was overlooked. I strongly recommend this film to everyone you'll be touched by his story and it really does make the audience become empathetic with this young man that is Antwone Fisher.<br /><br />If you like inspirational true stories then watch Antwone Fisher.<br /><br />Thank you
critique3750 To a certain extent I actually liked this film better than the original VAMPIRES. I found that movie to be quite misogynistic. As a woman and a horror fan I'm used to the fact that women in peril are a staple of the genre. But they just slap Sheryl Lee around way too much. In this movie Natasha Wagner is a more fully-realized character and the main bad guy is a gal! Arly Jover (who played a sidekick vamp in BLADE) is very otherworldly and deadly. Jon Bon Jovi... okay yeah no great actor but he does OK. At least he doesn't start to sing. Catch it on cable if you can. It's on Encore Action this month.
critique3751 Simon's carefully written dialogues are truly electrified by Matthau and Burns. You can literally hear the script crackle. There are few movies out there that can develop such a relationship between the actors and the script. For example the famed reunion scene could have been a lot duller with less-quality actors involved. Matthau seems to had been born to play Willie Clark (of course Oscar moreso in the Odd Couple) and with all of the little idiosyncracies and mannerisms that Matthau crams into the character (the line where he is arguing that he is with it since he lives in the city whereas Lewis lives in the country that Lewis is "out of touch" is the quintessential example of this) make this one of the best performances I've ever seen of any actor in any role be it comedic or drama or whatever else. Period. Matthau and Burns work excellently together; the contrast they portray accentuates Simon's superb knack at creating comedic conflict. This movie is simply one of the ultimate "must-sees" and does demand a rightful prestigious place in the pages of film history.
critique3752 Rudyard Kipling once wrote that God gave to all people the ability to love the whole world but given that a human heart is very small in size every human has that special place that he loves more than any other. It seems to me that this may have been the motto of some of the most eminent directors of today when they set out to profess the eternal love for that special place and depict situations in the lives of its denizens and visitors. The result is a wonderful collection of short films Paris je t'aime in which our guides Van Sant Coixet Cuaron Payne and others take us on a breathtaking stroll through Parisian arrondissements human feelings yearnings and expectations.<br /><br />Always some other quarter always some utterly moving story about ordinary people in search for love be it in a parking lot art studio tube station. And Paris je t'aime is about vast array of loves- love for one's partner child parent for those who meant the world to us but are no longer around love that needs rekindling serendipitous love for that stranger as your eyes meet or love that just is not meant to be...today but tomorrow- who knows?<br /><br />Nevertheless this film is not solely about love but life itself joy pain loneliness confusion everyday ups and downs. And its most important quality is the fact that it is not soppy at all but rather warm and full of hope.<br /><br />I give this film a 9 because the final section of it suggests how some of the stories might further develop but not all of them and that is the thing that I find missing and by "further development" I do not mean some specific reference to the characters' future. As far as everything else is concerned I can only say- captivating. Makes you want to leave everything behind you flee to Paris and live those little romances yourself.
critique3753 Okay so I don't understand why people are getting so aggravated over this movie. So I thought it was going to be the usual Amanda Bynes movie but it wasn't. It was GREAT.<br /><br />Okay okay so the acting wasn't the best but I thought the performances were still overall great. Also you could tell that the actors were having fun while doing this movie. In other movies that have surprisingly won awards where the actors didn't like working on the film you could tell. All of the actors had chemistry and that also showed.<br /><br />A ton of people are ripping on the soccer skills that the actors have. Yah so they're not perfect...get over it! They are actors not soccer players. I have been playing soccer for my whole life and trust me it is hard to learn so stop ripping on the level of skills they have.<br /><br />I thought this movie was going to be stupid but it was really funny. The way Amanda Bynes and Channing Tatum can make a situation funny without even saying anything is funny. I found myself laughing a lot in this movie.<br /><br />Overall..I LOVE IT!
critique3754 I love this film and it is such a wonderful example of a family jeopardy a romantic love story and a very sad story plot. Everything was just so perfect and excellent about this film. It was such a great mixture of actors and actresses and with some laughs and a lot of cries this film deserves to get plenty of awards. With the mention of beautiful scenario and although I would relate this film to The Notebook and The Family Stone it was sort of much more cunning sad and brilliant than those films. The Evening tells of a love story between an old woman dreaming back to her younger years and her two daughters stay by her side while she is not well. The story dating back is so strongly told and wonderful I was sitting on the edge of my seat. You really get to know all the characters and by the end I was wanting to watch it all over again. This is a amazingly sad and vividly acted and plotted movie that is really one of a kind and should be seen by all for how wonderful it really is. All the performances are astonishing and the film captures your attention from the very beginning and never lets go. I loved it and am so glad that I watched it for it was truly an astonishing film...
critique3755 How Tasty Was My Little Frenchman tells a story that is alternately sad scary and life-affirming. It ends with a brutal finale that you knew had to happen even though you were hoping--maybe even beleiving--it wouldn't.<br /><br /> Utlimately this is the film's greatest strength: it expertly plays with your emotions and expectations then drops a bomb on you.<br /><br /> I saw this in a film theory class at USC back in the mid-'90s. It is not easy to find but is definitely worth hunting for.
critique3756 Shall We Dance is an excellent film because it shows how something like dancing can rejuvenate the life flow in the human spirit.<br /><br />Dance is seen as the expression of existence and the birth of individuality. The is certainly the case with Aoki. At work he is a humble office denizen but place him on the dance floor and all his bottled up intensity is released. Surprisingly this release is frowned upon in Japan due to the rigid culture of conformity. At the start of the film all the characters are ashamed or frightened of their desire to dance. They will be scorned or deemed perverted for expressing their passion through dance.<br /><br />This film is well worth watching to witness the rebirth of human emotions and passions. It will leave a smile on your face for days.
critique3757 18 directors had the same task: tell stories of love set in Paris. Naturally some of them turned out better than others but the whole mosaic is pretty charming - besides wouldn't it be boring if all of them had the same vision of love? Here's how I rank the segments (that might change on a second viewing):<br /><br />1. "Quartier Latin" by GÃƒÂ©rard Depardieu<br /><br />One of the greatest French actors ever directed my favourite segment featuring the always stunning Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara. Witty and delightful.<br /><br />2. "Tour Eiffel" by Sylvain Chomet<br /><br />Cute visually stunning (thanks to the director of "The Triplets of Belleville") story of a little boy whose parents are mimes;<br /><br />3. "Tuileries" by Ethan and Joel Coen<br /><br />The Coen Brothers + Steve Buscemi = Hilarious<br /><br />4. "Parc Monceau" by Alfonso CuarÃƒÂ³n ("Y Tu MamÃƒÂ¡ TambiÃƒÂ©n" "Children of Men") feat. Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier (funny);<br /><br />5. "Place des FÃƒÂªtes" by Oliver Schmitz feat. Seydou Boro and Aissa Maiga (touching);<br /><br />6. "14th Arrondissement" Alexander Payne's ("Election" "About Schmidt") wonderful look for the pathetic side of life is present here feat. the underrated character actress Margo Martindale (Hilary Swank's mother in "Million Dollar Baby") as a lonely middle-aged American woman on vacation;<br /><br />7. "Faubourg Saint-Denis" Tom Tykwer's ("Run Lola Run") frantic style works in the story of a young actress (Natalie Portman) and a blind guy (Melchior Beslon) who fall in love;<br /><br />8. "PÃƒÂ¨re-Lachaise" by Wes Craven feat. Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell (plus a curious cameo by Alexander Payne as...Oscar Wilde!);<br /><br />9. "Loin du 16ÃƒÂ¨me" by Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas (simple but moving story from the talented Brazilian directors feat. Catalina Sandino Moreno);<br /><br />10. "Quartier des Enfants Rouges" by Olivier Assayas ("Clean") a sad story feat. the always fantastic Maggie Gyllenhaal;<br /><br />11. "Le Marais" by Gus Van Sant feat. Gaspard Ulliel Elias McConnell and Marianne Faithful (simple but funny);<br /><br />12. "Quartier de la Madeleine" by Vincenzo Natali feat. Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko;<br /><br />13. "Quais de Seine" by Gurinder Chadha;<br /><br />14. "Place des Victoires" by Nobuhiro Suwa feat. Juliette Binoche and Willem Dafoe;<br /><br />15. "Bastille" by Isabel Coixet (fabulous director of the underrated "My Life Without Me") feat. Miranda Richardson Sergio Castellitto Javier CÃƒÂ¡mara and Leonor Watling;<br /><br />16. "Pigalle" by Richard LaGravenese feat. Bob Hoskins and Fanny Ardant;<br /><br />17. "Montmartre" by and with Bruno PodalydÃƒÂ¨s;<br /><br />18. "Porte de Choisy" by Christopher Doyle with Barbet Schroeder (mostly known as the director of "Barfly" "Reversal of Fortune" and "Single White Female").<br /><br />I could classify some segments as brilliant and others as average (or even slightly boring) but not a single of them is plain bad. On the whole I give "Paris Je t'Aime" an 8.5/10 and recommend it for what it is: a lovely mosaic about love and other things in between.
critique3758 Blind Spot's images are great. The action draws you in completely even though the movie is a bit long. By the end credits all that you can think about are the film's positive high-points. The lead actors have the most incredible screen presence. The story is heart-wrenching. The film score is nicely understated . Completely moving in its own powerful way. Not your standard melodramatic cuing. Trance-like moments add poetic resonance to the engrossing narration and terrific visual compositions. Hope you get a chance to see this film. It delves into some dark territory but you come out of the tunnel seeing nothing but white light.
critique3759 The story of dirty fat filth-like middle-age woman who lives out of society be knowing as the filthiest woman ever lived. Can someone take her the crown? There is one couple ..... The nice film for people who don't like ordinary pieces of comedies and don't mind some disturbing sense of humor.I was very surprised seeing some scenes and love theirs pungent kind.<br /><br />
critique3760 ...means "take up and read" which is precisely what I felt like doing after having seen this marvelous film.<br /><br />Von Ancken stimulates and inspires with this breathtaking and superbly executed adaptation of Tobias Wolff's 1995 New Yorker article of the same name. The incredible performance by Tom Noonan is brilliant and provocative and the editing sound design cinematography and directing are truly inspired. The nuanced changes and embellishments on the original story are subtle clever and make the film cinematically more dynamic. It's lyrical pacing is mesmerizing and begs you to watch it again.<br /><br />Watch out for this young director...he's going places.
critique3761 Hope the summary line won't irritate you that much (it's a little homage to the Chappelle Show/Charlie Murphy but also to the character Daywalker). But I'll try to put all the things I liked about the movie in one paragraph and everything I didn't like in another paragraph so it will be easier to read! <br /><br />Let's start with the good things! The quote "strong bloody violence" (which is used by rating boards to describe the content of a movie does fit here very well. This is not a movie for kids! Or for the faint of hearted! It has Blade as a central character (Wesley Snipes is phenomenal) and a crazy enough story thread to hold/justify the action scenes! The original idea is also very engaging and intelligent. The action scenes are great here too.<br /><br />OK over to the things I didn't like. The overall story is too thin. It's enough as I've written above to hold the action scenes together but there could be more. And a character like Blade deserves more (imo). The drama therefor isn't the best ... also it's use of clichÃƒÂ©s doesn't help. Some characters are underwritten ... That's that! :o)
critique3762 Fun bad movie which should amuse. One of Joan Crawford's last performances as the driven successful editor vs. all those young beautiful eager beavers fresh out of the elite Seven Sister Colleges. Great '50's ambiance of New York. Wonderful period costumes and hairdos. Terrific art direction. Trite story but rousting tearjerker. Interesting cameo by Robert Evans as a rich cad.
critique3763 Although it doesn't seem very promising for a long stretch Renoir's French Cancan ends up being an effortlessly charming film. The story is clichÃƒÂ©: a laundry girl Nini (FranÃƒÂ§oise Arnoul) is discovered by a night club owner Danglard (Jean Gabin). Danglard steals her from her baker boyfriend and drops his current girlfriend both of whom come back for their former lovers. Nini has to choose whether to go back to her humble life with the baker go on with the show with her employer oh or become a princess as a prince falls in love with her at one point too. I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice as a lesser film certainly would have. The film ends with the opening of Danglard's new night club the Moulin Rouge and a couple of gorgeous song and dance numbers. The first of them "Complainte de la Butte" which also provides the base of most of the film's musical score is simply one of the most gorgeous songs ever written and Renoir himself wrote it. If you're a fan of Baz Luhrmann's 2001 film Moulin Rouge! you'll recognize the tune as it comes up near the beginning of that film sung by Rufus Wainwright. Although it isn't very prominent in that film everyone I know who owns the soundtrack loves it. In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen. It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl. 8/10.
critique3764 Amicus made close to a good half dozen of these horror anthologies in the 70's and this from leading horror scribe Robert Bloch is one of their best efforts. There are four stories all worthwhile but two -- "Sweets For The Sweet" and "Method For Murder" -- distinguish themselves as highly effective journeys into fear.<br /><br />In "Sweets" Christopher Lee plays an impatient widower whose lovely daughter (Chloe Franks) becomes resentful of his neglect and brutish intolerance so she sculpts a voodoo doll with which she expresses her distaste for his methods. Franks is a beautiful figure of mischievous evil and delivers one of the greatest child performances in a horror film since Martin Stephens in "The Innocents". This installment is directed with great subtlety and the final outrage occurring off-screen is a moment of purest horror.<br /><br />"Method of Murder" is about a horror novelist (Denholm Elliott) who is menaced by one of his own creations the creepy Dominic. This episode is striking for its simplicity and stark terror. Dominic may or may not be real so director Peter Duffell has a great time playing with our expectations. The brief shots of Dominic reflected in a pond or seen as a fleeting phantasm in a meadow are truly haunting.<br /><br />The original poster art featuring a skeletal figure clasping a tray holding Peter Cushing's severed head was a rich enticement for punters fixed on fear.
critique3765 Frank Horrigan (Clint Eastwood) is a secret service agent plagued with guilt over the assassination of President John F. Kennedy while he was on duty. Thirty years later and the current president is entering a re-election campaign but he is receiving death threats; and Horrigan has been called in to assist in what should be a routine research operation. John Malkovich plays the professional assassin and master of disguise who is tracking the president and using the past he begins to torture Horrigan in a psychological duel of cat and mouse.<br /><br />Malkovich Eastwood and Rene Russo all give wonderful performances in this top notch thriller. The direction is excellent and the entire picture is charged with tension and intrigue throughout.<br /><br />A must see for thriller fans 8/10
critique3766 Insignificance is a far from great film from a stage play directed by Nic Roeg. In the scheme of Roeg's films this is above the level of most of his post-"Don't Look Now" work which is characterised by judicious use of Theresa Russell as lead actress. She's actually very good here and far from the problem in other Roeg films like "Bad Timing" and "Cold Heaven". As the "Actress" who is Marilyn Monroe Russell is very effective portraying her as a thoroughly depressive but likeable siren. She plays well alongside Michael Emil as Einstein who is excellent to say the least. He looks the part admirably and while Theresa Russell doesn't look exactly like Monroe she certainly is attractive enough to make the part ring true. Other players are adequate if not quite as arresting as Emil and Russell are. A pretty workable intelligent script is directed well by Roeg but certainly not brilliantly like "Walkabout" or "Performance". As in other later Roeg films he tends to rely too much on vague insubstantial flashbacks that add very little to the film. In many ways the film would have worked better as a shorter (say 60 minutes) more modest piece. Still a quite acceptable passable film. At times quite excellent but somewhat lacking overall. Rating:- *** 1/2/*****
critique3767 loved the story of a guy that tries to get his girl back....been there done that so i can relate...any way i love the camera work how occasionally the camera gets "left on" and they are just sitting there talking about the scene or other stuff...or how the camera follows him around to find the cast and what not...i watched this on IFC sometime last year and i loved it so i told a few of my friends about it and some of them watched it and they too loved it...check it out if you can kinda girly but its still a good film...I gave it a 10/10 because of two reasons...one: i can relate...but anyone that has ever fallen in love and made a mistake can relate... two: its a really creative way to make a film its like you are constantly there right in the middle of filming...like i said great film
critique3768 Chucky (the murderous doll from "Child's Play" and 2 crappy sequels) is dead. But his ex-girlfriend Tiffany (Jennifer Tilly) gets his remains and (using "Voodoo for Dummies") revives him. Then through circumstances too convoluted to get into SHE is killed and has her soul put into another doll! Together they fall in love and kidnap a nice couple (Nick Stabile Katherine Heigl) to take them to Chuck's coffin to get an amulet to make Chucky and Tiffany real people again...<br /><br />A lot better than it sounds. After the last two sequels to "Child's Play" (both of which were horrible) I was expecting the worst but this actually was lots of fun. The movie doesn't take itself seriously for a second (seriously--how could it?) and the lines and situations are actually quite funny. Also there are a few VERY gory murders thrown in to satisfy us horror fans and the film never stops moving. The movie also has a few things usually not found in a horror movie--a gay best friend (Gordon Michael Woolvett) who is intelligent and not played for laughs and a sequence in which Stabile has his shirt off just to show his muscular body. John Ritter has a nice cameo too as a sheriff.<br /><br />The acting is good--Stabile is young VERY handsome and likable; Heigl doesn't have much to do but pulls it off and Brad Dourif (the voice of Chucky) and Tilly are hilarious as the murderous dolls. My favorite part is when the dolls have sex (don't ask) and she asks for a rubber and he responds "But I'm MADE of rubber!" The special effects are good (no lousy CGI here) and this is one of the few horror films to mix humor and violence in an entertaining way. Well worth seeing. I give it a 9.
critique3769 The premise is rather original and well thought-of but unfortunately siding a good story is very low budget that doesn't even allow for decent special effects. Jeff Fahey does his best amongst a poor cast as does the always beautiful Linda Hoffman. They should make more movies together. The movie while not worth much praise warrants at least one viewing.
critique3770 Nobody truly understands the logic behind the numbering of Italian zombie-flicks but Ã‚Â– honestly Ã‚Â– why would we bother? Every single film in the Zombi-"series" delivers great fun nasty gore and gratuitous shocks and "Zombi 3" is no exception to this despite all the production difficulties that occurred whilst shooting. This film began as an interesting Lucio Fulci project who had to elaborate further on his "Zombi 2" success but it ended up being a typical Bruno Mattei product with more flaws and stolen ideas from previous films. The screenplay is hopelessly inept and ignores all forms of continuity every ingenious idea from George A. Romero's "Night of the Living Dead" and "The Crazies" is shamelessly repeated here and the acting performances are truly miserable and painful to look at. Yet all this didn't upset me for one moment because the sublime over-the-top gore compensates for everything! On a secret army base at the Phillipines scientists completed the bacterial warfare virus "Death One" and prepare it for transport. After a failing attempt to steal the virus the infected corpse of a terrorist is cremated and the zombie-ashes contaminate the entire population of a nearby tourist village. The last group of survivors has to battle hyperactive and inhumanly strong zombies as well as soldiers in white overalls that received instructions to kill everything that moves in the contaminated area. This movie is comparable to Umberto Lenzi's "Nightmare City". Truly Bad...but incredibly entertaining with fast-paced action sequences and several very creative zombie-madness situations. The undead birds were original for example and the whole zombie birth sequence at the deserted hospital was pretty cool as well. The infamous flying head scene is not nearly as awful as it's made up to be and it belongs perfectly in this cheesy and thoroughly pleasant Italian zombie flick. Recommended to the fans; don't mind the negative reviews.
critique3771 The Color Purple is about the struggles of life and the love that helps those people strongly affected by the struggles of life. Every character had an element of the color purple in them. The movie touches on love lost hope hate and triumph. whether it be Celie having lived through hell and losing her sister and Shug coming into her life to show her love again Albert not being man righting his wrong toward Celie Shug shunned by her father and confesses to him in the end Sofia and her stubborness good and bad and even Nettie they had their emptiness and hardship through the film but was overcome in the end and that's the sign of a good movie. Good Job to all the cast and crew.
critique3772 Flipper is a nice heartwarming movie for whole family. It's obviously not a great movie Free Willy looks much better almost in every component of film making. Possibly at times it becomes a bit naive  and the writing and the script are not the best part of the movie but it's a entertaining film with very good cinematography (including underwater shots) and some important moral messages. Elijah Wood proves himself one more time as an incredibly talented and underrated actor. He can make bad movie watchable okay movie - good good - great and great movie becomes all time classic. Paul Hogan performance also was very good and he is completely fit to his role. As I already say above whole cinematography was very good. But underwater shots definitely is the best parts. So Flipper is a perfect way if you want to see nice sweet and entertaining movie. If you like me become sick and tired of modern Hollywood trash filled with sex violence vulgarity and profanity you most likely would like this movie. <br /><br />My rating: 77 out of 10. Feel free for mailing me about any of my comments and posts here. <br /><br />Sorry for my bad English.
critique3773 While I do not think this was a perfect 10 I do agree it was way above a 6 which is what it's rated here. No Brokedown Palace was not perfect and yes it's plot has been done many times before. That doesn't mean it shouldn't be done again if it is done well and I think this movie had some strong moments. The acting of Claire Danes as already mentioned many times was flawless as was Kate Beckinsell and I Think Bill Pullman was absolutely terrific as was the supporting performances(Pullman's wife the crooked cop skip or trip or whatever his name is). The cinematography was also beautifully filmed there was a lot that's good to this movie even if there were some negatives(three major ones that I found) as well.<br /><br />Here is what I didn't like about it-the friendship between the girls-In fact the girls' own individual personalities-were not developed in depth until the late middle of the pic. It would not have been improbable to lose interest before then because despite the positives more character development should have been done earlier on and certain scenes like when the girls were originally arrested were almost glossed over so there was a bit to much Jumping around without the character and scene development I think would have been appropriate for this type of film. That however is not my major problem. And WARNING-SPOILER ALERT.<br /><br />The ending as mentioned dozens of times already was AWFUL. It was awful in two respects. Firstly even though it would have been predictable and very Hollywood I wanted a happy ending! Yes it was an emotional and powerful ending but in a movie such as this there is a Sense that justice will be served and I did sit through it to see that. I was Genuinely shocked at the ending and It was performed with excellence by all involved but I feel both girls should have got out or barring that at least the cop should have got what was coming to him. I mean nothing happens To the bad guys they all get away with it. Very disturbing.<br /><br />Also I do not understand the ambiguity of the ending. I understand endings that are inspired to make one think but this was not a mystery or "Clue" type movie we were watching and I would have liked to know something about what actually happenedwho was guilty etc with this ending we were left to decide that ourselves but since I somehow doubt there will be a sequel I did not want to be kept guessing.<br /><br />Still there was a lot to like about this movie and the acting is definitely at the top of the listI would rate this a 7.5 and say it is definitely worth a look.
critique3774 The incomparable Laura Gemser appeared briefly in an erotic scene from the French "Emmanuelle 2." This amazing woman did not go unnoticed and was soon cast as the lead in this all new Italian series where she is the centerpiece; a beautiful photojournalist who travels the world experiencing all the mysterious eroticism that the world had to offer. In this first installment Mae Jordan/Emanuelle is sent to Africa to photograph the people as well as the stunning landscape and wild exotic animals. Much like Sylvia Kristels character Emanuelle has not come into her own when it comes to being open and comfortable with her own sexuality. This first film is basically about how she becomes the "Emanuelle" that most exploitation cinema fans are familiar with. Filled with gorgeous cinematography beautiful people and an intoxicating 70's score from the legendary Nico Fidenco this one is sure to please. Those who enjoy the more story-driven style of the original french "Emmanuelle" should definitely like this as well. The main story here being an interesting cat and mouse tale of a womanizing playboy who comes to the realization that he has fallen in love with a woman who is the female version of him! Sexy fun and totally entertaining throughout; a soap opera to be sure but one with enough skin and general eye candy to keep the male viewers entertained. For some reason this is the hardest one in the series to find on DVD. there has never been a legitimate DVD for this which is very strange. The bootlegs that sometimes appear online will have to do until someone gives this diamond of a film a proper release.
critique3775 Too much added with too much taken away from a great western that was written by McMurtry about the Texas Rangers vs. the Indian. This screenplay takes that away only to fill this mini series with a lot of warm fuzzy relationships that in truth were secondary to the main storyline. It ends with a totally unbelievable and detached ending not written in the book that makes you question how we are to be transported to Lonesome Dove.<br /><br />The series main characters were in truth cast very well the filming locations were excellent but this mini series should have stayed true to what is a great book.
critique3776 Unlike some comments mine is positive. This movie wraps around the dinner table with a group of friends some you like some you don't. A few are related--mother daughter son. Their stories are not one smooth happy with everyone and everything type of life--much like real life. Some story lines do not evolve they just happen. But like true families and good friends they stick together. The wanna-be parents who are buying a baby are such a--holes! You are happy for the ending. Poor Delmar is stuck between a rock and a boulder taking care of herself her mom her son and trying to keep all their lives together. This does not end with a sunset walk or house in the 'burbs and all are living in a dream world but is a very real life portrayal of people living day to day month to month. Overall this is a good story and a great movie!!
critique3777 I first saw this movie about 20 years ago and have never forgotten it. It's beautifully filmed and the story keeps one riveted for the entire time. It's difficult to believe this was made in 1946 as the tale is still fresh today and really makes one think. I'm not very knowledgeable regarding film technique however the special effects in this film are terrific considering when this was made. In addition the acting is superb and the use of English and American actors quite astounding. I recently purchased the DVD so now I'm able to watch whenever I wish. I highly recommend anyone interested in post-war British films to watch this.
critique3778 I watched the presentation of this on PBS in the U.S. when it originally aired in 1988 (?). Assuming the miniseries was available on DVD I purchased first editions of all three books last year. Since then I have been searching for the series on internet movie sites. Today I found this web site. I will give up the search.<br /><br />I too would like to buy this complete - 26 episodes - miniseries. After buying the DVDs I would read each book then watch the episodes for that book. That is what I did with John LeCarre's Karla trilogy and Larry McMurty's Texas ranger trilogy.<br /><br />Does anyone have any suggestions for great books or book series that became very good TV miniseries - or movie series - that are now available on DVD?
critique3779 In a Morocco completely invaded by Europeans and Americans in the beginning of the Twentieth Century the Moroccan leader Mulay Achmed Mohammed el-Raisuli the Magnificent (Sean Connery) kidnaps the American Eden Pedecaris (Candice Bergen) her son and her daughter. His intention is to get some money and rifles as ransom for them to fight against the corrupt Sultan of Moroco (Marc Zuber). In times of election the American President Theodore Roosevelt (Brian Keith) agrees with the proposal. However Raisuli is betrayed and Eden helps him to be released from the prison with the American soldiers. I do not like films about explicit colonialism and lack of respect to the sovereignty of other countries but `The Lion and the Wind' is indeed a great adventure. The action scenes are very realistic. Candice Bergen the most beautiful American actress in the 70Ã‚Â´s is wonderful performing an abducted woman like in the remarkable movie `Soldier Blue'. Sean Connery is perfect as usual as an honest and nationalist religious leader. Brian Keith is great as the American president. I do not know much about the Morocco history to analyze whether there is any truth in this story but this movie is a worthwhile entertainment. In Brazil it is only available on VHS. My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): `O Vento e o LeÃƒÂ£o' (`The Lion and the Wind')<br /><br />
critique3780 Steve Carell plays Dan Burns newspaper agony uncle and dedicated single father to three girls. At a large family homecoming Dan meets his perfect woman only to find out that she is in a relationship with his brother.<br /><br />What's a man to do?<br /><br />I rather liked "Dan In Real Life" but I would imagine the success or otherwise of this flick is going to be down to whether you are willing to accept Steve Carell playing a part relatively straight and restrained rather than going through the broad comedy moves that have made him so successful. If you cannot accept it fear not "Get Smart" will be along later in the year but for the record I thought he was very good.<br /><br />"Dan In Real Life" starts off like your typical incidentally amusing family drama but it gets funnier and funnier as it goes along and Carell's frustration with his situation grows. It's not massively original (but if you only saw movies with original ideas cinematic pickings would be very scarce indeed wouldn't they?) but "Dan In Real Life" is entertaining and a good cast (who wouldn't fall in love at first sight with the luminous Juliette Binoche?) make the most of an insightful enough script that contains many a ponder on the meaning and passion of love.<br /><br />I hope that Steve Carell pushes himself and does something as interesting again.
critique3781 Or if you've seen the "Evil Dead" trilogy and/or "Bubba Ho-Tep" then you should know that his movies are total farces. With "Man with the Screaming Brain" he goes all out again. In this case he plays smarmy American businessman William Cole visiting Bulgaria - when do we ever get to see that country? - when a woman kills him. So strange scientist Ivan Ivanov (Stacy Keach) replaces half of Cole's brain with the brain of a former KGB agent leaving him acting sort of like Steve Martin in "All of Me".<br /><br />Yes the whole movie is pretty much an excuse for pure nonsense. Much of the real humor comes from "Evil Dead" director Sam Raimi's brother Ted as Ivanov's nearly brain-dead assistant Pavel. The two men have a relationship more like Laurel and Hardy or Gilligan and the Skipper.<br /><br />So just understand that this is a totally silly movie and you won't be a bit disappointed. I liked it anyway.
critique3782 James J. Corbett heavyweight champion of the world from 1892 to 1897 turned out to be Errol Flynn's favorite role. Possibly because he didn't have to wield a sword or be in a western. He grew tired of the swashbucklers and he said in his autobiography that he felt he was miscast in westerns and couldn't understand why people liked him in them. It is an enjoyable film but hardly does tell the real story of James J. Corbett.<br /><br />As portrayed Corbett was the first scientific boxer to win in the heavyweight division a man who used brains and speed more than brute strength to win. He defeated John L. Sullivan and lost to Bob Fitzsimmons the heavyweight crown. He was also a compulsive womanizer and in that was a lot like the man portraying him. Of course that was not shown on the screen. The character that Alexis Smith plays the banker's daughter who falls for him has no basis in reality. Corbett was in fact married twice and was flagrantly unfaithful with both of his wives.<br /><br />Also though after he lost his title and after the events of this film are concluded he suffered a great personal tragedy. His father in a moment of depression probably over finances because he lost heavily betting on his son to beat Bob Fitzsimmons shot his mother and then turned the gun on himself. The murder/suicide hardly squares with the happy clan that Alan Hale presided over.<br /><br />One thing though that I did like about Gentleman Jim. Ward Bond got the career role of his life in playing John L. Sullivan. Director Raoul Walsh got a great performance out of Bond as the blustering but lovable Sullivan. Even given some of Sullivan's bad points that don't make it to the screen like rabid racism Bond's portrayal is the quintessential John L. and the best thing about Gentleman Jim.<br /><br />Speaking of racism one thing that should have been told was the fact that Sullivan while champion refused on grounds of race to meet Peter Jackson who was black and from Australia and probably the best heavyweight of his time. I say probably because as a challenger Corbett met him and fought him for 61 rounds to a draw. That fight more than any other created a demand for a Sullivan-Corbett title match. Of course when Corbett was champion he refused to give Jackson a title shot. Maybe he didn't want another 61 round marathon with someone who may have been better on that particular day.<br /><br />Gentleman Jim is not Jim Corbett's story it is a movie of Errol Flynn playing at being James J. Corbett. But Corbett had he been alive in 1942 no doubt would have loved the movie and loved Flynn's portrayal of his life. It's as he would have liked to have been remembered.
critique3783 If you like Sci-Fi Monsters and Ancient Legends then you will love this movie!! <br /><br />The Special Effects are by far the best I have seen since Juarassic Park hit the big screen years ago. While the acting may have been a little less than desirable the story line and effects adequately compensated for it.<br /><br />I wish now I had seen this at the movies on a theater screen instead of our 42 inch big screen TV.<br /><br />If you like non-stop action awesome visuals and taste for myth and lore....you have to see this movie!!
critique3784 I would have to say this is a great movie. <br /><br />Mike Judge has an eye forseeing things that nobody would ever notice hence Office Space. Hemakes a statement about the dumbing down of society and that survival of the fittest is mere pipe dream in 500 years. That pop culture and mass marketing by wealthy companies tend to rule the day. Yes there is a lot of potty humor in it and it is to get the story moving and his point across. But the genuine frustration on Private Joe Bowers face is priceless and some cases we can all relate to it at some point in our lives. <br /><br />If you do not enjoy the humor then look at it from a different point of view and watch it again. It took me watching it twice to really appreciate this film for what it isÃ‚Â…And with said after watching it twiceÃ‚Â…I am going to read a book now.
critique3785 In all honesty this series is as much a classic (as television goes) as the original poem is to the world's literature. Far from being crassly exploitative it is a beautiful and respectful rendering of one of the western culture's defining texts.<br /><br />I was moved by the plight of Odysseus and his followers; touched by the drama of the fall of Troy (which was felt but not seen); intrigued by the way the gods played with the fate of mortals. (It should be mentioned that the gods appearing here are not ridiculous CGI creatures flitting around on their ankle wings or poorly-cast fashion models in bikinis. As in Homer's work they act through mortal agents or rarely are represented by classical statuary).<br /><br />It's a pity it's not available in DVD especially given the vastly inferior and cheesy adaptations of the Odyssey that one can find in video stores.
critique3786 First I want to clarify that the average user's inability to appreciate imagination is appalling. What makes this show so unique is the hyper-reality it creates. You don't need to know why Ned can bring people back from the dead or why it can only be for a minute. Where has the wonderment of childhood whimsical tales gone much like A Wrinkle in Time.<br /><br />I say it is refreshingly original because it is a polar opposite to the masses of lay-it-all-out television that leaves no room for imagination or wonder.<br /><br />It's nice to add a bit of escapism to the television experience.<br /><br />The hyper-reality is my favorite aspect of the show. The 1950's-esque setting the innocent and rare characters and the scenery and physical setting which are not meant to be taken as pure reality.<br /><br />This show masks the morbid nature of death while others embrace it. While entertaining other television shows have taken a back shelf to this series. It truly has restored a sense of curiosity imagination and wonder to television.<br /><br />Pushing Daisies quickly made it to the top of my list.
critique3787 This film by FriÃƒÂ°rik ÃƒÂžÃƒÂ³r director of Children of Nature is powerful. It has great music by SigurrÃƒÂ³s and good acting. It shows how sad insanity as a disease can be. There are many good jokes but the humor is dark. If that is not a problem then you should see this film. Note though this is not a comedy but a drama.
critique3788 I loved this movie. My daughter is 3 1/2 and a country girl at heart. There are not any movies for young children. I loved this one because the worst thing in it was when one of the boys said "stupid". I applaud them for stepping out and making a true family movie. I rented it the first time we saw it and know looking to buy to add to our collection. My daughter can not stop talking about it. It goes along with our lifestyle. We live in East Texas. I hope to see more family films like this one. She even named one of our calves "Hokey Pokey Keen"!!! I can not say enough about this movie. I look forward to many more films like this one.
critique3789 This game was really great and quite a challenge. It has a great spooky story line and the graphics are also very good. I would recommend this game to all Horror fans and is very gripping from start to finish. The only problem with this game is that i would have liked more weapons but thats just me.<br /><br /> A truly great game for RPG and Shoot'em'up fans.<br /><br />>
critique3790 One of the most beautiful movies ever made in ex Yu.Story is very familiar to people in ex Yul because generation after war used to live in the same way.People in the west cant imagine how political situation in our country affect people.The plot is in the 50"When Josip Broz Tito said no to the SSSR and politbiro and because of that our borders becomes open for western influence.Butin a country were people didn't had much money jeans was only ideal and friendship was everything.The friendship between for young people an a girl was so strong that after 40 years of their emigration from Yu is still alive.They get together after all this years on Ester"s funeral and they start to remember of their childhoodbefore their went to the emigration and become successful people.
critique3791 Lackawanna Blues'is so emotionally powerful in its portrayal of urban Blacks during the 50s and early 60s. A culture of joy and sadness specific to working class Blacks that existed outside the mainstream culture. The characters of Santiago-Hudson's play depicted Black individuals who lived imperfect lives but maintained strong positive values of loveloyalty and honor. Although the characters moved away from those values at times they did not deny the importance of the values. Instead they recognized and accepted their own imperfection and those of the other characters without judgment that passed through the life of nanny". The central characters were strong and believable the settings were realistic and brought back personal memories of a by-gone era. Pre-integration urban life was a time of sensory intoxication sight soundand smell that could almost be experienced by watching the drama "Lackawanna Blues" unfold. I will watch it again and again.
critique3792 This is an excellent movie with a stellar cast and some great acting. I never tire of watching it. I especially love the scene where Danny Glover's character and Kevin Kline's character namely Simon and Mack have brunch together. Kevin Kline is such a natural and it seems his mannerisms are effortless and one you would encounter often. SO its a very 'real' movie. <br /><br />One of the most powerful scenes in the movie however is at the beginning of the movie when Simon arrives at the scene where Mack's car has broken down. The movie also has a strong message and is unlike the stereotypical message carrying movie where there's one person preaching his guts out to an audience. Instead the actors' emotions and situations deliver an impactive message that does best without the use of words. And lastly Mary McDonell is brilliant as always.
critique3793 I thoroughly enjoyed this film when it was first released and on each occasion I've seen it since. The political drama is effective if not especially new or inspired. The decades since the release of the film have demonstrated that the willingness to cut costs at the expense of public safety is definitely not just something imagined by a screenwriter.<br /><br />However I think the most impressive element of this film is Jack Lemmon's performance. It is absolutely astonishing to watch him at work. He has the gift to be able to communicate so much at times without saying a word. Next time you watch this film check out Jack's face at the times he is not saying anything. He does not need to speak (or worse yet to mug) to let you know what's going through his mind.<br /><br />I am calling this a spoiler because of the impression it made on me when I first saw the film: in Lemmon's last scene in the film as he is lying on the floor he feels a slight vibration. The terror in his eyes is one of the most frightening images I have seen in any film. It is perfect acting because it conveys instantly the threat about to occur--if Jack's character is so terrified there is certainly something awful about to happen. And it does.
critique3794 Two years after its initial release Goldeneye still sits atop the field of first-person shooters for the Nintendo 64. Even the Quake and Turok series have not had the combination of graphic detail sound quality enemy intelligence challenge and overall fun that bring me back to this game over and over again. The missions each have specific objectives that force you to think as Bond not just to shoot up every baddie that pops up on your screen but also to avoid cameras disable security systems rescue hostages protect the Bond girl and so on. Q gadgets abound in this game including the famous watch. The game is loosely based on the movie storyline including all the major characters and the best scenes of the movie from the dam bungee-jump to the prop-plane escape to the tank chase through St. Petersburg. Even the layout is preserved where possible so you'll recognize various situations if you've seen the film. Other levels are added to challenge the player and string together the scenes a little more. With each difficulty level the mission objectives are more difficult the enemies smarter and the bullets more lethal. I still have not gotten through the 00-Agent levels. Cheats can be opened not by entering codes or pushing buttons but by completing certain levels within a certain time frame and additional characters can be opened up for the multiplayer. The multiplayer is still the best among the first-person shooters. It's not as crisp as Turok but it doesn't slow down nearly as much... tons of options give your friends reason to blow each other up over and over again and one more time just for kicks. There are better games for the N64 such as Zelda and all things Star Wars but Rare has continued their streak of outstanding games with a first-person shooter that has not and will not be surpassed until they top themselves in 2000 with Perfect Dark.
critique3795 This movie has it all. Great actors good dialog drama comedy and excellent writing and directing by Paul Thomas Anderson. I have seen this film several times and enjoy it more each time. It doesn't get old it is consistently entertaining and stimulating. Easily Burt Reynolds best role and he does a great job. John C. Reilly and Don Cheadle also give excellent comedic performances. There is not a weak element in this film.
critique3796 I had never heard of this film and only got it because I am a Martin Sheen fan. Now I am stunned as to why it did not receive the praise and recognition that it truly deserves. The four characters all make you feel for them the father trying to assert his authority the mother still clinging to traditional family values and both trying to keep up appearances despite the total fragmentation of their family the daughter wanting her own life and the son haunted by his experiences in Vietnam. One felt that this was a scenario that must have been played out in thousands of 'ordinary' families after Vietnam. Emilio Estevez as Jeremy was superb - totally unhinged by his war experience which none of his family could relate to. The screen chemistry between him and his real-life father Martin Sheen was amazing. And there were times when Emilio's anguished face was so like Martin's in "Apocalypse Now". I feel sure that just as Martin has counted Apocalype as one of his best films Emilio will count this one as one of his best too. The scene with the gun was totally mind-blowing as all the emotions were there on the family's faces. Brilliant acting by Estevez Sheen and Kathy Bates. I watched the film for the first time last night - and today the lead story in the news was about a Gulf War veteran who had shot several members of his family. How many more young men are going to have their lives destroyed by war?
critique3797 This movie of 370 minutes was aired by the Italian public television during the early seventies. It tells you the myth attributed to Homer of the Journey home of Odysseus after the Troy war. It is an epic story about the ancient Minoan and Mycenaean civilizations told at list 500 years after those events toke place around 1100 BC.<br /><br />This is a 1969 movie so if you buy the DVD version you would find that the sound is just mono and there is no other language than Italian even the close caption is in Italian. Pity. Many people would enjoy this masterpiece if it had at list the English subtitles. But if this is not a problem for you than I would strongly recommend to watch this movie.
critique3798 My friend had the idea of watching the animated LOTR after seeing the Peter Jackson Return of The King. So I finally bought it off e-bay thinking right from the start it was going to suck. Actually it really wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. The animation was good for its time they used a unique method of blending live action with animation to create some interesting effects and the guy who did the voice for Frodo sounded somewhat like Elijah Wood.<br /><br />Not the greatest adaptation of a book but trust me I've seen a lot worse. It skips quite a lot of things since both Fellowship and The Two Towers are compressed into one two hour movie. Definatley worth a watch kids might like but still absoutley no comparision with the Peter Jackson trilogy.
critique3799 This has to be hands down hats off one of the most uproarious comedies ever made. Starting with the animated blowing popping bubbles the entrance to the Daytime Awards the usual phony drivel spewed by the stars on the red carpet the rehearsed and badly acted acceptance speech the venomous comments uttered by the actor's jealous co-stars and producer under phony smiles. Now THAT is only in the first few minutes. Then all hell breaks loose from there and it only gets more frantic and ridiculous. Ridiculous in a good way no make that a great way. This was the first time I'd seen the always charming Teri Hatcher. While I may not be a follower of Desperate Housewives she herself is always watchable - same goes for Lois & Clark. Not a huge follower but if I run across an episode I'd watch it. Robert Downey jr. does a great turn as slimy smarmy snaky sycophantic David Seaton Barnes the producer who'd give his right eye to see Sally Field's Celeste Talbert leave the show if only to finally get to get it on with Cathy Moriarty's Montana Moorehead.<br /><br />Moriarty absolutely shines in this movie just as she had everywhere else she's appeared. Here all she has to do is scream "I HATE YOU I HATE YOU YOU CREEP!" or give one of her anti-Celeste-co-conspirators an evil grin and she has me rolling in the aisles. Yes Cathy Moriarty is a very gifted actress and one hell of a comedienne. Sally Field gratefully departs from the usual 70-MM-sized Lifetime Tragedy of the Week movies and we're all reminded why she is who she is today having started off in comedy afraid of nothing. Her ensuing years of drama had hidden her sense of humor but like a caterpillar in a cocoon the brilliant comedienne she is had blossomed and it was joyous to see her as hilarious as she was. The thing with dramatic actors and actresses is that you see in such heavy serious roles that you associate them with their character and you can't believe it when you see them finally having some fun on screen.<br /><br />How lucky were the producers to land Carrie Fisher if only for a glorified cameo. She doesn't realize what a presence she bears on screen. She takes a role which in the hands of a lesser actress could easily have been forgotten but she owns the character and it seems as if she wrote it herself.<br /><br />How lucky was Elisabeth Shue to get thrown in the middle of all this! At the time she wasn't really known for much. Adventures in Babysitting was kind of cute (yes I was dragged to an evening show for which I had to pay full price) but she didn't hold my attention - - much. But here she makes the most of her character - star's niece who falls in love with the star's ex-co-star-and-lover who of course turns out to be the niece's father and the star turns out to be the poor girl's mother.<br /><br />I'll stop there - I feel I practically wrote a book about this brilliant screwball comedy or at least a novela. If you've seen it then reminisce. If you haven't you've missed a real classic but not really. The DVD's are made of a material that'll last for at least 25 years and this movie is timeless so what the hell.
critique3800 I saw this movie when it first came out in 1973 and loved it. Since then I've searched for a video but never found it until now 33 years later when I ordered it from Moviehunter. Sorry to say it doesn't hold up. This glamourized version just can't rise up to the 1937 production level. I love Burt Bacharach's musical score that is if listend to by itself and I even bought a CD of it but for my taste it doesn't lend itself well to this mysterious and compelling story. Just doesn't fit. Michael York is lost here. Sally Kellerman tosses off a fine performance but Olivia Hussy is just ridiculous and not worth lugging through the Himalayas. The best performance is Charles Boyer as the head Lama.
critique3801 Broken Silence or "Race Against Fear"1998): Starring Ariana Richards William Bumiller Susan Blakely Tracy Ellis Ross Teryl Rothery Scott Vickaryous Marissa Rudiak Ken Camroux David Neale Bruce Dawson...Director Joseph Scanlan Screenplay Sara Charmo Jean Gennis Phyllis Murphy.<br /><br />This is another Lifetime channel film made exclusively for television released in 1998 directed by long-time TV series director Joseph L. Scanlan. Inspired by true events it's a lot like the majority of Lifetime movies a cautionary tale for women raising awareness of the predator lurking within the family (a mother father wife husband) and mentor (teacher in this case track coach). The young and little known actress Ariana Richards (she played the small girl in Jurassic Park)delivers a highly convincing performance as high school track athlete Mickey Carlyle who is raped by her coach Kurt Ansom (William Bumiller) and must suffer in silence as no one believes her story except for of course her own mother (Susan Blakely). Together mother and daughter fight to put Kurt Ansom behind bars. The film drags on quite a bit is ultimately predictable at times far too melodramatic for the sake of drama itself but is genuinely powerful in the end. Ariana Richards' performance is of the daytime soap kind but she is the strongest in the entire cast. Her facial expressions body language and overall acting is realistic in terms of how she as an aspiring athlete idolizes her coach is in turn violated by him and must now live with the shame trauma and further fight him in court. William Bumiller plays the part with a nasty sort of duplicity though he is far from subtle. He has abused other star athletes before who have remained silent and made it to the top and appears outwardly innocent. William Bumiller a lesser-known actors like the others has has never done a role like this but but he does a believable and strong performance overall. It's especially disturbing to see him in this role because he is a sexy lead actor in everything else he does including some lesser known films and on the soap opera "Guiding Light". The only real problem I had with this film is the manner in which the film is structured. As the film opens we watch Coach Ansom about to rape Mickey letting us know right away that this guy is no good. But this makes for weak character development and story. If the first scene had instead been the sequence with the opening credits in which we see Mickey running/jogging in the city across a lake we would have better character development because we don't know that Coach Ansom while seemingly interested in the success of his star athlete is really a nasty piece of work and we would have seen Mickey idolizing a person whom she thought she knew and then received a rude awakening when she realizes she was wrong about him. Director Joseph Scanlan is no stranger to drama for TV (Knott's Landing Star Trek Quantum Leap The Outer Limits Lois And Clark Earth Final Conflict and movies like La Femme Nikitta. In 1996 Scanlan had directed another Lifetime movie similar to this "Stand Against Fear" (1996). He manages to convey the gravity of the event. We are genuinely disturbed by the coach lurking around the showers where he rapes his own student. These scenes are graphic and ought to be viewed by mature audiences but its message is clear: sexual predators and rapists are not always a stranger and can assume different forms and their preying grounds can even include a high school. This film supports the cause of fighting to prevent violence against women and urges women who have been silent victims to testify and fight so that rapists will cause no further harm to others. Despite other negative reviews this film does a great job in expressing its message and ought to be given to mothers daughters high school students (including both male and female). As bad as rape is staying silent when it happens is even worse.
critique3802 The case of the Scorpion's tail is a highly stylish giallo directed by Sergio Martino who appears to be a giallo master second only to Dario Argento.<br /><br />Ernesto Gastaldi wrote this fabulous who-dunnit quite complex but ultimately very satisfying and entertaining murder mystery. It also makes sense in the end a big plus 'cause that's not always the case for these giallo's as they tend to stretch credibility with their endless red-herrings and ultimate solutions. Here the less you know about the plot the better.<br /><br />Pure giallo trademarks present here are the beautiful cinematography the catchy music score the gorgeous females (Anita Strindberg is a goddess) brutal murders black gloved murderers and explicit sex scenes to name a few.<br /><br />In most parts it's decently acted Goerge Hilton his usually suave self and others do fairly well. Martino directs with a sure hand keeps things tight and atmospheric with some terrific set pieces.<br /><br />If you're a giallo fan this is a must see. If you like well written and suspenseful thrillers in general this comes highly recommended.
critique3803 When I saw that this film was only 80 minutes long I thought we were in trouble. Condensing the gigantic W. Somerset Maugham novel down to a movie that clocks in at under an hour and a half seemed like a disaster waiting to happen. But you know the movie's not half bad and it even manages to retain much of what makes the book resonate so much with its readers.<br /><br />I've heard many film buffs complain that Leslie Howard was a wet noodle of an actor and he was but I can't think of anyone more suited to play the role of Philip Carey than a wet noodle for that's certainly what Carey is. Howard plays him well which means you want to shake him and slap him upside the head repeatedly then finally take him out and buy him a spine.<br /><br />Ah and then there's Bette as the girl with whom Carey is obsessed and who brings his world crashing down around him. I didn't know what on earth the appeal of Mildred was in the book and the movie stays true to that detail. But as played by Davis she does become the most fascinating character in the story and if she's nasty and unlikable she's at least the most dynamic person on screen at any given time. Davis's performance here is credited with changing the course of screen acting much as Brando's would do nearly 20 years later when he screamed out "Stella!!" in that little-known Tennesee Williams play and it's not hard to see why. Davis is intense to the point of scary. She makes no effort to wring any sympathy from the audience and she allows herself to look ugly and most unglamorous. Her appearance when Carey walks in on her late in the film to find her dead or nearly dead of an unnamed disease (though not much care is taken to hide the fact that it's an STD) is shocking. Of course it helps that this movie squeaked out just before the Production Code went into effect; if it had been made a year later you can bet things would have been a bit different.<br /><br />Yes much of the novel and many of its most interesting parts are left on the cutting room floor and the story really does become about Carey and Mildred and not much else. I found that to be the least interesting and most tedious part of Maugham's novel but it is the part that gives the novel its title and seems to be the part that readers are still drawn to now so it strikes me as a wise decision on the part of the film makers that they chose to adapt the novel the way they did.<br /><br />Grade: B+
critique3804 Flawlessly directed written performed and filmed this quiet and unpretentious Danish film is an example of cinema at its best and if a person exists who can watch BABETTE'S FEAST without being touched at a very fundamental level they are a person I do not care to know.<br /><br />The story is quite simple. In the 1800s two elderly maiden ladies (Birgitte Federspiel and Bodil Kjer) reside in remote Jutland where they have sacrificed their lives romantic possibilities and personal happiness in order to continue their long-dead father's religious ministry to the small flock he served. One of the women's youthful admirers sends to them a Frenchwoman Babette (StÃƒÂ©phane Audran) whose husband and son have been killed in France and who has fled her homeland lest she meet the same fate. Although they do not really require her services the sisters engage her as maid and cook--and as the years pass her cleverness and tireless efforts on their behalf enables the aging congregation to remain together and the sisters to live in more comfort than they had imagined; indeed the entire village admires and depends upon her.<br /><br />One day however Babette receives a letter: she has won a lottery and is now by village standards a wealthy woman. Knowing that her new wealth will mean her return to France the sisters grant her wish that she be allowed to prepare a truly French meal for them and the members of their tiny congregation. The meal and the evening it is served is indeed a night to remember--but not for reasons that might be expected for Babette's feast proves to be food for both body and soul and is ultimately her gift of love to the women who took her in and the villagers who have been so kind to her.<br /><br />The film is extraordinary in every way meticulous in detail yet not overpowering in its presentation of them. As the film progresses we come to love the characters in both their simple devotion to God and their all-too-human frailties and the scenes in which Babette prepares her feast and in which the meal is consumed are powerful beautiful and incredibly memorable. There have been several films that have used food as a metaphor for love but none approach the simple artistry and beauty of BABETTE'S FEAST which reminds us of all the good things about humanity and which proves food for both body and soul. Highly highly recommended.<br /><br />Gary F. Taylor aka GFT Amazon Reviewer
critique3805 The One and the Only!<br /><br />The only really good description of the punk movement in the LA in the early 80's. Also the definitive documentary about legendary bands like the Black Flag and the X. Mainstream Americans' repugnant views about this film are absolutely hilarious! How can music be SO diversive in a country of supposed liberty...even 20 years after...find out!<br /><br />
critique3806 I recently bought this movie with a bunch of other LaserDiscs from eBay. Usually I am into war and action movies but occasionally I enjoy romantic comedies.<br /><br />If you are bored by today's special FX films and high gloss romantic comedies you should check out Shop Around the Corner on a quiet evening. What I like about the movie is that the characters have a lot of decency. There is nothing fake or pretentious about them. Take Mr. Matuschek for example: When he finds out that his wife is cheating on him with one of his own employees he tries to shot himself. Not just because of the humiliation but because he has been unjust to the character of Stewart. (OK weired example.) <br /><br />Yes the focus of the movie is narrow and the plot is predictable. Yet still I liked it a lot. If you likes Notting Hill then you will like Shop around the corner. in fact Hugh Grant reminds me a lot of Jimmy Stewart.
critique3807 Wildman head counselor Tripper Harrison (Bill Murray in peak nutty form in his first lead role) presides over the various wacky hi-jinks at North Star summercamp. Tripper befriends sad and lonely misfit kid Rudy (a nice and affecting performance by Chris Makepeace). Director Ivan Reitman relates the amusingly off the wall comic vignettes at a ceaseless snappy pace and maintains an engagingly good-natured tone throughout. This film astutely nails the breezy'n'breezy essence of summer: making friends first love pulling pranks competing in sports with a rival camp campfire singalongs and of course the inevitable scary urban legend about the escaped psycho killer with the hook hand. The sense of gleefully raucous fun this picture generates is positively infectious. Moreover the humor is always goofy and occasionally gross but never too nasty or mean-spirited. Best of all there's a winning surplus of pure heart to go along with said humor (the warm relationship between Tripper and Rudy in particular is genuinely touching). The cast have an obvious ball playing their likable characters: Murray's gloriously gonzo and galvanizing presence keeps things constantly humming (his crazy PA announcements are absolutely sidesplitting) plus there are sound contributions from Harvey Atkin as hapless camp owner Morty Kate Lynch as Tripper's sassy old flame Roxanne Russ Banham as the amiable Crockett Kristine DeBell as the sweet foxy A.L. Sarah Torgov as the feisty Candace Jack Blum as klutzy bespectacled nerd Spaz Keith Knight as tubby slob Larry Finkelstein Cindy Girling as the fetching Wendy and Matt Craven as the hip Hardware. Donald Wilder's cinematography gives the movie an attractive sunny look and makes nifty use of wipes. Elmer Bernstein's lively and melodic score likewise does the trick. A real riot.
critique3808 Delightful minor film juggling comedy and detective romance and drama genres as nimbly as Lt Kenny Williams (Melvyn Douglas) balances his devotion to his girl Maxine Carroll (Joan Blondell) and his duty to the force as an ace detective.<br /><br />This hodge-podge may not appeal to all viewers today but in its day it had something to offer every member of the movie-going family and the resolution to the rather tired feeling-versus-duty plot is original and refreshing and well worth the wait. <br /><br />"The Amazing Mr. Williams" contains what must be among the most outrageous blind dates in film history and its bright comic repartee sparkles. Ludicrously frocked Melvyn Douglas delivers some of the best lines: "I'd walk down Main Street in a Turkish towel before I'd let any woman control my life!" And the effervescent Joan Blondell lets her barbs fly with typical aplomb: "Good grief! You look like my Aunt Nellie!' <br /><br />The crime-solving here is standard fare although a fine cast of character actors helps bring the material to life. <br /><br />From today's vantage point "The Amazing Mr. Williams" is perhaps most interesting for its insightful commentary on gender as a socially defined construct all the more malleable for its seemingly rigid boundaries. While much of the gender commentary takes place in a superficial battle of the sexes at times it is both subtle and penetrating playing out not only in some of the finer details of the film but in the battle of genres that reaches its culmination in the final scene.
critique3809 The Caprica episode (S01E01) is well done as a pilot. Really this episode is the exact same content as the DVD pilot release. That having been said episode 01 gives a very substantive background of the very popular "Battlestar Galactica" series (both the original and the 2007 remake). It significantly applies most to the 2007 series. As is the trending plots of sci-fi of late this series explores "Virtual" life or environment. On top of this we are given much background on the Adama family line as well as their relationship with the unrevealed (in the Battlestar Galactica series) creator of the Cylons. To the most part this first episode revolves around the popular topic of "Virtual" life and (as is expected) early life of the colonies and the birth of the Cylons. <br /><br />Over all I rather enjoyed this episode. Although it was not new material for myself or anyone that has already seen the DVD release of the Caprica pilot the series seems very promising. As is the case with many pilots episode 01 leaves us with a cliff-hanger so to ensure a follow by an audience (sci-fi community). I'm definitely going to keep watching for resolve as well as development. <br /><br />I give this series 8 stars.
critique3810 On the face of it any teen comedy runs the risk of being sophomoric and obvious and fair enough most of them are. There are a few that have risen above the usual banality of the source material (Bring It On Eurotrip) and they give me hope that others can join that depressingly rare crowd of teen comedies that are actually funny and not just an excuse to flash some starlet's boobs or be a vehicle for some never-was like Tom Green.<br /><br />Enter Accepted directed by John Cusack pal Steve Pink and led by the likable Justin Long (the smart nerdy kid in Galaxy Quest and more recently featured in Apple computer ads) about a bunch of kids who don't get accepted to college and decide as disclosed in the trailer to fake a bogus one to get their parents off their backs. When they go a little too far with the website and other kids end up enrolling the kids have a few problems to solve.<br /><br />Okay the set-up is obviously preposterous but most comedy lives or dies in the execution and here Accepted does pretty well. Long's Bartleby Gaines (mostly shortened to 'B') is accompanied by enough well-meaning comically acceptable friends to help him share the load but probably the best supporting character is 'Dean' Lewis (no doubt named as an homage to Rodney Dangerfield's Dean Martin) aka Uncle Ben Lewis Black who is wisely restricted to short spurts where he can rapid fire his unique brand of cranky observational humor. Black is terrific here frankly telling the kids what life is really like (his expletive-laden final line is hysterical) and providing the adult face to the bogus university for the parents.<br /><br />But Long has to carry most of the film and he does so in spades; Bartleby is easily identified with and we take to him almost immediately. A nice twist was provided by Columbus Short's character Hands an athlete who loses his scholarship due to an injury and ends up becoming the de facto art faculty at the fake college. Also noteworthy as Bartleby's hyper-intelligent and sarcastic little sister is Hannah Marks.<br /><br />Yes the film does feel familiar in some spots; there's a debt here owed of all places to Revenge of the Nerds. Those who are rejected by everyone else find a home with Bartleby and his cohorts and of course the villains are steroid-enhanced conformist Master Race types who run a fraternity (well okay frats are evil) and seek to humiliate and bury the oddballs for the Ã‚Â– gasp Ã‚Â– crime of being different. But that aside Accepted has fun with the material and even asks a few decent questions about the expectations on college kids and the course of higher education. Not that it's a brain teaser by any means but Accepted isn't just another mindless teen comedy (or Owen Wilson vehicle). It's a funny clever 90 minutes that while not a great departure from its genre is intelligent and creative enough to be very enjoyable.<br /><br />There is at least one moment of unadulterated brilliance in the film when Bartleby checks out a nearby college in an attempt to harvest ideas for his own school's curriculum. When he sees that the kids are all stressed out at the other school (several refuse to even talk to him during class for fear of missing something) he shakes his head thinking that there must be a better way. As he moves to leave he is met by a stream of kids going the other way one person moving against a human tide while in the background the opening lines of Eleanor Rigby play. Perhaps an unplanned moment of brilliance but brilliance none the less.
critique3811 Zombie Bloodbath is a movie made by zombie fans for zombie fans with a true love of the Horror genre. As I understand it from the commentary and things I have read it was made during the huge Midwest flood of 1993 when half of Missouri was underwater. Buildings were under water. cars and houses were underwater. One article said that zombies and the crew from this movie would help sandbag the river after shooting each day. The fact this movie got made at all is a miracle. It is like a huge mashing of every zombie movie ever made put through a Troma filter. It is a party movie to enjoy with friends who like loads of splatter and goofy characters. And it is fast paced and energetic and really funny.<br /><br />A toxic spill accident in a nuclear power facility causes people to melt down or turn into zombies. The local Government covers it up tears down the factory and builds houses over it. Some ground shifting (?) causes a cave opening to develop and some new residents find the cave and unleash the undead on the newly built community. From there it just gets crazy and gory and fun.<br /><br />I have read these reviews on here a few times. And it seems obvious to me that the same person attacked this fun little movie three times as a different reviewer using fake names. They use the same words and sentences. Zombie Bloodbath is cheap. It is raw. It has some bad acting. So does half the movies made. There is much much WORSE out there than this fun movie. If you hate this film so much don't buy it. There is no need for personal attacks and to call the crew or cast "Trailer Trash." And it is obvious you are not from Australia or England. It is just upsetting that this great service the IMDb does not catch people using it just to trash others. There are bad reviews and good reviews and I don't mind those. I give both bad and good reviews myself. But it is painfully obvious that some fool just wants to use this forum to personally attack the director of this movie. Sad.<br /><br />Some of these so called "Reviewers" even basically sue their "review" just to promote their own movies. One called this film Boring - well love it or hate it one thing you can NEVER say about this film is that it is boring. It moves fast and never has a dull spot.<br /><br />Oh and this reviewer from The Netherlands??? Um - LIAR. You tried to post this same review at Amazon and it got yanked there. The SAME review only it said it was from Missouri.<br /><br />This nonsense HAS to stop. Love it or Hate it - give it a real review or type nothing. It is obvious you have not seen the films.<br /><br />But for the record I have and though this one is not nearly the best that I have seen it is far from the worst. And even the worst I would give an actual REVOEW and would not attack the director personally.<br /><br />Hope this review helps some people see through the stupidity going on here.
critique3812 This is an epic film about the unification of the ancient kingdoms of China in the third century BC. What makes it interesting is the tragic downfall of the king and all the palace intrigue going on around him. It reminded me a bit of "King Lear" and some of the other Shakespeare plays.<br /><br />The king starts out with noble ambitions to unify the kingdoms under one ruler and to stop all the quarrelling so that the people can prosper and lead better lives. He and his childhood sweetheart played beautifully by Li Gong concoct a scheme whereby she pretends to go into exile in a rival kingdom in order to recruit an assassin to kill the king thus giving him a pretext to go to war. But while she's away the king becomes sadistic in his lust for power and goes on a killing spree.<br /><br />There are numerous side plots that keep the action going. There is the Marquis who pretends to be stupid and foppish but who's really very clever and wants to become king himself. He fathers two children with the king's mother and manages to keep it secret for years. Then there is the Prime Minister a political rival to the king who turns out to really be his father. <br /><br />The assassin is a complex character himself. An adept swordsman and killer he is undergoing a reformation when the king's lover comes to recruit him. He wants nothing more with killing but is eventually won over by Li Gong (who wouldn't be?) when he sees how cruel and vicious the king has become.<br /><br />Some spectacular cinematography especially the battle scenes that are carried out on a grand scale - like they used to say a cast of thousands literally. The acting is OK nothing special. It's the story that's interesting though at over two and a half hours it pushes the limit.<br /><br />Definitely worth viewing.
critique3813 Some guys think that sniper is not good because of the action part of it was not good enough. Well if you regard it as an action movie this view point could be quite true as the action part of this movive is not actually exciting. However I think this is a psychological drama rather than an action one.<br /><br />The movie mainly told us about the inside of two snipers who definitely had different personalities and different experiences. Tomas Beccket  who was a veteran and had 74 confirmed kills looked as if he was cold-hearted. However after Beccket showed his day dream of Montana we can clearly see his softness inside. It was the cruel war and his partners' sacrifice that made Beccket become so called cold-hearted.<br /><br />Millar on the contrary was a new comer a green hand and was even not qualified as a sniper. Billy Zane did quite well to show millar's hesitation and fear when he first tried to "put a bullet through one's heart"(as what Beccket said). What he thought about the actuall suicide mission was that it could be easily accomplished and then he could safely get back and receive the award.<br /><br />These two guys were quite different in their personalities and I think that the movie had successfully showed the difference and the impact they had to each other due to the difference in their personalities. These two snipers quarreled suspected each other and finally come to an understanding by the communication and by what they had done to help even to save the other.<br /><br />Sniper isn't a good action movie but a good psychological one.
critique3814 Panic is kind of a crime comedy-drama with William H. Macy Donald Sutherland and Neve Campbell in the leading roles. Alex (played by Macy) is a guy who kills people for living. But for the moment he's facing a depression and that's why he is seeing a therapist. That's where he meets Sarah (Neve Campbell) and he falls in love with her. He's also facing another problem: he wants to quit the family business (the killings) but he doesn't now how to tell this to his father.<br /><br />What follows is the story of a guy during he's midlife-crisis facing the regular problems: falling in love with a pretty young girl and everything that goes with that.<br /><br />Pretty good acting performances by the cast. Macy is excellent as the depressed Alex. I had high expectations for this one and it was a good movie but he doesn't completely deliver. The story was rather flat and clichÃƒÂ©..<br /><br />7/10
critique3815 This is a great Italian shark movie probably not a full action type of shark movie but it has a great story about a native American in the form of a killer shark that attacks a small beach community. the movie has actual scenes of real sharks and some not but how they made it is pretty good the cast are not that brilliant of acting in this shark film but it it shows better acting in some other Italian shark movies such as (e.g cruel jawslast shark)they show some pretty bad acting but most Italian shark movies are good which means this votes best as the best Italian shark movie ever  some scenes in this movie show violence/gore which makes this film good that it shows it so i would say this is the best film for all shark-movie-fans.
critique3816 I saw this movie back in 1984 we first started watching "This Is Spinal Tap" and after 5 minutes we were ready to fall asleep. So we went instead to see this movie. If you have any conspiracy theory's going around in your head you will want to watch this one. <br /><br />The question you have to ask yourself when watching this movie are: Do you think the government would be capable of doing this? (In my opinion there is no doubt that they could) <br /><br />But I don't want to give out too much information as that would be a spoiler and I think that you should view the movie for yourself.<br /><br />But just to let you know we still talk about this movie 20 years later and trying to explain it to people is not the easiest thing in the world to do.
critique3817 I recently attended Sundance as I have often done in years past and was treated to the small pleasures of the edgy little indies the glut of dark comedies and the now predictable portraits of dysfunction. But then I saw Mark and Michael Polish's 'Northfork' and I remembered why I so fell in love with the movies in the first place. 'Northfork' sweeps across the screen with visionary daring and harkens back to the seminal early work of Terence Malick and the existential landscapes of Antonioni. It's an impossible film to easily explain which is one of its many strengths. Suffice it to say it's an adult fairy tale with many carefully layered levels of meaning. It reawakened my imagination and cast an imposing shadow over all the other films I saw this year. It is a work of meticulous craftsmanship and a sophistication of writing not seen in most American movies. I plan to revisit this film several times when it comes to my neighberhood theater. For it is a beguiling piece of magic and mystery a haunting work where one can roam the plains of Montana in search of angels and the very nature of heaven and earth. The cast performs this luminiscent piece with striking conviction particularly James Woods and Nick Nolte who remind us of the nerve and daring displayed throughout the course of their careers. Maybe 'Northfork' will help us find a new wave of American cinema where excellence in craft and writing become more the norm than the exception. See it when it comes your way and take your friends for the questions will be many and the thoughts and feelings spurred by seeing 'Northfork' will awaken memories of great movie once seen in your past and now hopefully may be returning with the advent of the Polish Brothers.
critique3818 Watched this as a late TV movie last night purely by chance. The blurb for the film said something to the effect of mother stays with daughter and goes on romantic journey as I tuned in there's the carpenter hard at work on a new conservatory - played by Daniel Craig no less - so the plot was immediately apparent.<br /><br />It turns out that eponymous mother's carpenter love interest is also the daughter's boyfriend so there's trouble brewing and not too many surprises. But I'd been caught by Anne Reid's compelling performance and I was hooked. The direction allows her plenty of space for staring into mirrors and adjusting scarves when she exudes sadness.<br /><br />The sex scenes were fascinating and taboo-breaking. Shouldn't older women's bodies remain covered up? Not here and we're treated to a delicious reawakening in the Mother's sexuality. Even more startling are the drawings she's made that (SPOILER!) once discovered confirm her daughter's suspicion that something's going on here.<br /><br />Cathryn Bradshaw as the daughter didn't convince me quite as much as the rest of the cast but that could be me. With her waves of pre-Raph locks I kept expecting to see Julia Sawahla whose more intense face would have suited the confrontations better to my mind. Bradshaw has a rounder happier face that didn't carry the anger that emerges as the film progresses.<br /><br />The ending is weak. If the goodbyes for Mother as she leaves in disgrace are so indifferent then perhaps we could see some close-ups of those waving goodbye and see something of their individual reasons. Whatever she's done she's a recently bereaved widow leaving for the lonely home she shared with her husband for 30 years and I found the lack of sympathy jarring. For a film so full of emotion (and be warned it's like opening champagne you'll never get the lid back on) the ending is a cold contradiction.
critique3819 I would have given this otherwise terrific series a full 10 vote if Claudia Black had not continued on in it! Her inclusion as the silly 'Vela' has brought the series down in my estimation. To bring her in as a regular at the same time as including Ben Browder to replace RDA was a mistake.<br /><br />Unfortunately we were just reeling from the loss of 'Jack' and really didn't need this great series turned into new episodes of 'Farscape'.<br /><br />I was a great fan of the film "Stargate" and when the series was first announced I had reservations that it could live up to the film but after watching the first episode I have to admit I was hooked. I have always looked forward to new episodes with great anticipation
critique3820 I really wanted to like this film and I don't think I was terribly disappointed. Being an American History teacher I felt an obligation almost to see this film and as far as the history went it wasn't bad. Sure there were a few mistakes here and there (especially with the timeline--the movie only appeared to last a few months or perhaps a year--not over six years of actual fighting) but the overall spirit of the film and the battle sequences were excellent. Unfortunately the movie ALSO included a pretty meaningless subplot involving a difficult to believe romance between a poor patriot and a rich Loyalist. For the most part it really served to distract from the overall plot and just seemed "tacked on"--like a plot device instead of a real honest-to-goodness romance. In fact as much of the romance boiled down to the dumb clichÃƒÂ© of "love at fist sight" it was kind of annoying the more I think about it.<br /><br />However in spite of this romance the film is truly interesting and inspiring---plus in so many ways it seems as if the much later film THE PATRIOT was copied from this Griffith film!!! Both films followed the exploits of an evil leader fighting for the British and using horrible and evil tactics against the civilians--and both having the secret intention of using this as a "springboard" to starting their OWN nation in the America!!! The only major difference is that this film is set in the North and THE PATRIOT was in the Carolinas. It sure would have been nice if Mel Gibson and the rest had acknowledged their debt to D. W. Griffith for the story ideas. It just doesn't seem all that likely that the two stories were created independently of each other.<br /><br />PS--Despite me liking this film and some other of Griffith's films he DOES deserve to once again "burn in hell" for his having White actors portray all the Black servants in the film! This is a sick and bigoted thing that Griffith did in so many of his films--especially in BIRTH OF A NATION. I gotta assume based on this and the way he portrays Blacks that he was A-OK with slavery and was quite the apologist for this "quaint institution" (don't get mad at me--this IS meant as sarcasm).
critique3821 Or maybe not. Whatever anyone thinks of "Broadcast News" good or bad almost all the credit for that "thinking" belongs to writer-producer-director James L. Brooks. As a screenwriter (of which he has long been one of the best) it is not easy to savage an entire business -- in this case the "business" being television news -- but to do it with a smile a wink a knowing nod and a laugh practically every step of the way. To do all that takes real talent something Mr. J. Brooks has in abundance.<br /><br />One user on this website in his summary asked the musical question -- "Did Walter Cronkite act like this?" Answerve: No! Of course not! And the reason for that is in Walter's -- uh Mr. Cronkite's -- day the only thing that mattered was bringing the news to the people. Same goes for John Chancellor and Chet and David and Douglas Edwards and Howard K. Smith. Sure they had to pay lip-service attention to their ratings if only to please their bosses. But all they REALLY cared about was THE NEWS ITSELF.<br /><br />Now of course all that has changed. For the last 25-30 years in the network news business the only thing that has really mattered is ratings ratings ratings. The bottom line. How many bucks will our news division deliver for the network? Don't believe that?<br /><br />Let's consider "The Big Three": Tom Brokaw Dan Rather and Peter Jennings (aka "Stanley Stunning"). All three have now been on the job at their respective anchor desks for the last 15-20 years (Peter actually got his first shot at the national anchor desk way back in the 1960s but was totally unprepared for the job). Of the three Dan is the one with the greatest in-the-field training as a reporter. Personally I think all three do terrific jobs as news anchors and are deserving of their positions. All of which has nothing to do with why all three are actually IN those jobs. All three are now in their 60's (Dan is pushing the big 7-0) and all three are still very good looking. And if you think they're still good looking now imagine how good looking they were in their 40's when all three were hired for (let's say "put in") their current jobs. But do you honestly believe that any one of these three would have been "put in" had he looked like let's say Fred Gwynne ("Herman Munster"). Or like -- heaven forfend -- ME!!! Not only that if Dan were retiring tomorrow a younger (than he is today) Walter Cronkite would not be able to get his old job back. Why? Not pretty enough. And it would matter not a whit that he is or once was "the most trusted man in America." <br /><br />And this is what "Broadcast News" is all about. Tom Grunnick (William Hurt) the next pretty-boy-national-news-anchor-to-be who has trouble with a few minor things such as thinking for himself being able to write and knowing stuff. Jane Craig (Holly Hunter) the brilliant news producer with news business standards and ethics all of which get thrown to the wind when even she falls for pretty-boy-Tom. And Aaron Altman (Albert Brooks no relation to James L.) a top-notch newswriter and field reporter who has no hope for a national job because he "flop-sweats" behind the anchor desk. And many other such flawed characters whom you KNOW really do exist in the news divisions of the various networks.<br /><br />"Network" blazed the trail. Eleven years later "Broadcast News" carried the torch as a worthy successor. In the new millennium what will be the next movie to savage the business of network "news you can use" ..... maybe. Or maybe not.
critique3822 It seems a lot of IMDB comments on this film are biased in the sense that they try to compare it to an older version. True "HOLLOW MAN" is a remake of sorts of "THE INVISIBLE MAN" but that's where the similarities end. "HOLLOW MAN" is an entertaining movieperiod. If you watch a movie with the intention of finding as many flaws as possible then you shouldn't watch movies in the first place. True some movies are plain horrendous and unbearable but "HOLLOW MAN" manages to entertain and make you think what YOU would do if you were invisible and if you had your ex getting laid with one of your friends. Kevin Bacon stars as a eccentric scientist who along with a team of collaborators discover the way to make animals invisible. Now his mission is to make them visible again. When this team of young scientists (working as you might guess for the Pentagon)think they have the formula for making animals visible again Kevin bacon volunteers to be the first to try the new experimental drug. After that of course things go wrong as Kevin Bacon remains invisible for the rest of the movie and is obliged to wear a latex mask so his collaborators know where he is. Feelings of paranoia and desperation begin to take over Kevin's character and when he finds out that his ex girlfriend AND collaborator (Elisabeth Shue) is having a torrid affair with another of the young scientists in the team he finally snaps. The movie then turns into a hybrid of "ALIEN" and a slasher flick but that's not saying it's a bad turn. There are scares and chills and the movie moves at a nice pace. The special effects are top notch (a quality always prevalent in ALL of Paul Verhoeven's films)as we get to see some "body reconstitution" sequences never seen on a movie before. If there's anything to complain about perhaps is the predictability of the situations herein; by the first hour of the movie you KNOW Kevin bacon will make the jump from being weird and eccentric to being a homicidal lunatic in the end. And the ending is a bit abrupt but despite this HOLLOW MAN is still worth watching. If you want to know what a TRULY bad movie is then waste your money on "FEAR DOT COM" (With Stephen Dorf) or the even worse THE UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh" with Land Henriksen). Now THAT is "hollow"! 8* out of 10*!
critique3823 The Ogre is a film made for TV in Italy and wasn't intended to be a sequel to Demons as Lamberto Bava even mentions it on the interview on the Sheirk Show DVD but it was called Demons III to be part of the Demons series. The music in Demons and Demons 2 was 80's rock music while this is more creepy music and while the first two was gory horror Demons III: The Ogre is a architectural horror so that's how Demons III isn't a proper sequel to Demons but I still like this film.<br /><br />The music is creepy and that adds a tone to the castle that the film is set in The Ogre is another thing why I like the film. There are two other films that are classed as Demons III and that is Black Demons (Demoni 3) and The Church (Demons 3). Demons III: The Ogre is a good film as long as you don't compare it with Demons and Demons 2.
critique3824 If you like movies that will make you think this is absolutely one of the good ones. I always liked David Lynch and Cronenberg. They have always made high-quality movies.<br /><br />Iain Softley has directed K-PAX brilliantly. The movie tears in feelings and philosophy of the mind and world. Kevin Spacey and Jeff Bridges both delivers superb acting skills. It caught me I did not take my eyes away from the screen during the movie. On the other hand if you are hoping for a special effect sci-fi movie this is not for you. The story is being dragged a bit which can be a bit boring but also works as a way of building up the theme of the movie.<br /><br /> Enjoy this film I did..
critique3825 Gary Cooper (Michael Brandon) played the role as an American millionaire who had seven bad marriages but always divorced his wife's with plenty of money to live on. Michael is in Paris on business and goes into a French Department Store to buy a pair of pajama tops and the sales people refuse to sell him just the tops he has to buy the bottoms or there is no sale. Nicole DeLoiselle (Claudette Colbert) listens to this conversation and offers to buy the bottom of these pajama's. Michael becomes very interested in Nicole and they have occasion to meet and go on dates. It is not too long before Michael proposes marriage to Nicole and she is very taken back with his request for marriage since she really does not know him very well. However once she finds out she is going to become the Eighth wife of Michael she begins to change her mind and this story becomes quite entertaining and funny. Don't miss this film it is great entertainment by great veteran actors. Enjoy.
critique3826 A film that is so much a 30's Warners film in an era when each studio had a particular look and style to their output unlike today where simply getting audiences is the object.<br /><br />Curitz was one of the quintessential Warners house directors working with tight economy and great efficiency whilst creating quality working methods that were very much the requirements of a director at Warners a studio that was one of the "big five" majors in this era producing quality films for their large chains of theatres.<br /><br />Even though we have a setting of the upper classes on Long Island there is the generic Warners style embedded here with a narrative that could have been "torn from the headlines". Another example is the when the photographers comment on the girls legs early in the film and she comments that "They're not the trophies" gives the film a more working mans down to earth feel for these were the audiences that Warners were targeting in the great depression. (ironically Columbia and Universal were the two minors under these five majors until the 50's when their involvement in television changed their fortunes - they would have made something like this very cheaply and without the polish and great talent) Curtiz has created from an excellent script a film that moves along at a rapid pace whilst keeping the viewer with great camera angles and swift editing.<br /><br />Thank heavens there is no soppy love interest sub-plot so the fun can just keep rolling along.
critique3827 Foxes is one movie I remember for it's portrayal of teenagers in the late 1970's. As I am exactly Jodie Foster's age I related to this movie. It deals with the frustrations temptations relationships & rebellion of youth. The soundtrack is great with inspiring rock eg. "More Than a Feeling" by Boston and sad numbers like "On the Radio" by Donna Summer. The music of my late teens. Yep I'll always remember this one even if it wasn't huge.
critique3828 Hello everyone This is my first time posting and I just love the movie No child of mine and I could watch it over and over!! well I taped it a long time ago like a few years ago and I dropped it and broke it and I haven't seen it in a few years!! could any one please tell me when it will come on again!! I would really appreciate it alot!!You can email me if you want to cause that is my favorite movie of all including Empty Cradle to and if anyone knows when that comes on to PLEASE let me knowI would really appreciate it ALOT!!!<br /><br />
critique3829 The title of the film seems quite appropriate given the persona of the lead character Fanda. He's an older man living in the late autumn of his life yet frolics about as a jubilant school boy who's just entered a spring meadow. The frailties of old age and the warning signs of death are all illusions to him. His wife supports this idea when she observes "Fanda laughs at funerals and death." In other words death is not something Fanda takes too seriously; he has more important things to do than worry about what already is inevitable. Life however and the pursuit of living life to its fullest is the philosophy that governs Fanda's existence. He is not one to merely exist but must live for each day and each passing moment for tomorrow is not guaranteed. <br /><br />The film seems to make a strong commentary about living as though there is no tomorrow let alone death. Too many people take life much too seriously and consequently miss out on the actual living part of life. Fanda's wife for example; she's so worried about preparing for death not in some religiously connotative way but in a far too practical even lifeless way that she forgets how to smile laugh and just have a good time. Her humanity seems to have transformed into zombie auto-pilot mode. Fanda to the contrary is perhaps too blithe and absent-minded for his own good. He needs a person like his wife Emilie to help balance him. <br /><br />It's as though Fanda possesses the invincible spirit of a child like a kid trapped in an older man's body. He is introduced as the adventurous type; he pretends to be people he's not in order to get gain squanders money factiously lies and is always up for a good laugh. Deep-down though he is a kind-hearted and gentle old man who wishes to be submissive to his overly pragmatic wife. The two off-set each other quite nicely though neither one of them truly appreciates the binary quality of their relationship until they metaphorically chance upon death: meaning their divorce. It is during this courtroom scene that Fanda realizes the reality of death and what it means if he is separated from his only love. His wife emotionally recalls all of his flaws yet is tenderly drawn to continue to love him despite his crazy behavior. In this moment of her forgiving him Fanda realizes his selfish behavior of driving his wife bonkers and makes an internal commitment to make her happy. <br /><br />Ironically though after making this commitment he becomes what his wife later calls "a living corpse." The life-blood within him drains away as he becomes more like herÃ‚Â—a zombie going through day-to-day motions. He doesn't seem to live anymore but exist. For example he gives up his zany pranks doesn't squander money quits smoking on account of his wife (not his health) and overall just acquiesces to whatever she wants of him. Succinctly put he changes on account of wanting to make her happy. Thus the binary quality of their relationship begins to slowly vanish. Realizing that her husband is not who he used to be there is a part of Emilie that misses the old Fanda. She misses her husband's aloofness and the fights they used to have because it was in those moments that they were truly living not just simply existing. <br /><br />I believe the filmmakers were trying to get across a specific message here; that true and loving relationships will not always be easy or convenient but often times will take sacrifice and endurance to wade through the seemingly bad times. The possibility of death at any moment is what reminds people to live for every moment. Life is often taken for granted but when threatened with deathÃ‚Â—be it literal or figurativeÃ‚Â—people awake from their ungrateful slumbers and are aroused to start living life to its fullest. It's as though they are scared that they'll never live again so they better make the most of it while they have it. Fanda and Emilie had been married 44 years with fights along the way but it wasn't till they were both threatened with the possibility of death-like-separation that they began to show their true colors. As the old maxim goes "Love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation." They both begin to see what matters most in life and that is the people they meet along the way. More importantly the intimate relationships they make with their significant others.
critique3830 The Sopranos is probably the most widely acclaimed TV series ever so naturally my expectations were through the roof and yet the show surpassed them. I love the mafia and crime genre in film and I enjoy following the compelling stories set in these worlds but this is so much more. 86+ hours of material gives the story a chance to not only be one of the most thrilling and unpredictable mafia/action stories but also to be a great family drama a shocking character study a laugh-out-loud comedy a brilliant psychological examination dealing with the nature of good and evil and an intellectual arty collaboration of representative dreams and hallucinations all in one. David Chase's epic series manages to accomplish all of this and more and cements HBO as the closest TV can get to cinematic perfection paving the road for a number of other series to continue blowing audiences away.<br /><br />Realism is present when it is needed but Chase's decisions to depart from it for effect on occasion for "dream episodes" and the like only adds more layers to the series. Chase--along with a strong writing staff including Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire respectively--turns New Jersey into an intricate universe full of the greatest cast of characters I've seen on TV.<br /><br />James Gandolfini domineers the show as Tony one of the most groundbreaking characters on TV ever. Tony adheres to half of the mobster stereotypes from pop culture but he defies the other half entirely and through his family interactions and his therapy sessions with Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco with whom he has a considerable chemistry that ensures that the therapy scenes always have a completely different feel to the rest of the show) we see nearly every side to Tony Soprano and learn that he is more of an everyman than one would expect.<br /><br />Edie Falco matches the power of Gandolfini's performance as Tony's wife Carmela. From her mixed feelings about Tony's lifestyle to her suspicions about murders to her torment over Tony's cheating to her own thoughts about infidelity Carmela runs the gamut of emotions throughout 6 seasons and Falco makes her the prime vehicle for the non- mafia viewers to have eyes into such a corrupt world. Scenes between Tony and Carmela provide some of the most heartwrenching and painfully realistic drama ever seen on television.<br /><br />The supporting cast is almost as phenomenal and a wide array of characters populate the cast over all six seasons somehow without any redundancies. Nancy Marchand steals the show as Tony's overbearing mother Livia an insight into Tony's personality problems and panic attacks. The familiarity of Marchand's incessant complaints is almost gruesome since she takes the character so believably far. Michael Imperioli is Christopher Tony's protÃƒÂ©gÃƒÂ© whose various poor choices lead him down a road that is painful to watch but brilliantly executed. Drea De Matteo plays Christopher's girlfriend Adriana and is so well- meaning and loving that the dark arc her character takes as she gets too involved with Christopher's career. Tony Sirico is Paulie introduced as the ultimate mafia stereotype and a source of comic but eventually he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters on the show and nobody plays true anger better than he. And that's just the tip of the iceberg.<br /><br />Familiar faces such as Peter Bogdanovich Jon Favreau Ben Kingsley Lauren Bacall Will Arnett Nancy Sinatra David Strathairn Robert Patrick Hal Holbrook Burt Young and Eric Mangini make appearances over the course of the show while names as notable as Joe Pantoliano Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt have regular roles as main characters in the series. There are 50+ great characters with powerful arcs and the excitement and tension never let up in any of the various subplots throughout the show.<br /><br />Comedic elements and entire episodes filled with brilliant hilarity dilute the powerhouse dramatic intensity of the series which is so multipurpose that for one reason or enough the credits of nearly any episode left me somewhat bewildered. The Sopranos is the most powerful and addicting series I have seen overall and its highs are so mindblowing that I would have to call it my favourite show in spite of arguable lows (most of which I disagree with).<br /><br />Whether you love or hate the ending or what you make of it is irrelevant: the discussion it has created is an achievement in itself. The iconic nature of the entire series makes it an essential part of television history. There are multiple elements for anyone to love and marvel at in this show so if you're thinking of watching something else instead do yourself a favour and fuhgeddaboutit.
critique3831 I really enjoyed this movie. The script is fresh and unpredictable and the acting is outstanding.It is a down-to-earth movie with characters one cares about. It brought tears into my eyes a few times but left me with a great feeling afterwards.
critique3832 This group of English pros are a pleasure to watch. The supporting cast could form a series of their own. It's a seen before love tiangle between the head of surgery his wife and a new pretty boy surgery resident. Only the superior acting skills of Francesca Annis Michael Kitchen and the sexy Robson Greene lift this from the trash category to a very enjoyable "romp". The only quibble is that it's hard to accept that the smoldering Francesca Annis would fall in love and actually marry Michael Kitchen who like me is hardly an international or even a British sex symbol. You can readily understand why Robson Green would light her fire with apologies to the "Doors". The guy who almost steals the show with a great "laid back" performance is Owen's father David Bradley. Watch him in "The Way We Live Now" in a completely different performance to get an idea of his range. Daniela Nardini as Kitchen's secretary sometime sex toy is hard to forget as the spurned mistress who makes Kitchen sorry he ever looked at her great body. Conor Mullen and Julian Rhind-Tutt as Green's sidekick surgery buddies as I've said could have their own series. They are that good. The whole thing is a great deal of fun and I heartily recommend it and thank you imdbman for letting the paying customers have their say in this fascinating venue.
critique3833 Madonna has been rocking the boat for over 20 years and with that comes a lot of experience -obviously- and a lot of knowledge. She was never the one to think about yesterday au contraire she seemed to know what is going to be popular tomorrow. She bravely takes all the new trends technologies and incorporates them into her own acts. Her world tours have never been 'average'. When Madonna performs she gives 120% - everything is bigger better theatrical and meaningful. She takes inspirations from East West and makes then unique. Everything is given a deeper meaning and The Confessions Tour is not different. From the very beginning you find yourself sitting on the edge of the chair. She starts with bang then she does brave circus poses on a horse high up in the sky she does everything she can to entertain you. She remakes her own songs giving them a modern feel. She sings on a disco cross she almost comes in the middle of the stage and with her amazing dance crew that know no dimensions of fear the show is absolutely more than you bargained for. It's a spectacle an audio-visual orgasm that cannot be put in words. Lucky are the ones who actually experienced seeing Madonna on stage. Pushing fifty she is still in an incredible form. Recent Sticky and Sweet Tour is even more ground-breaking which proves nothing else that Madonna was is and ever be the one and the only queen of pop.
critique3834 If TV was a baseball league this show would have a perfect record! With an excellent cast and a perfect plot this show gave 8 amazing seasons and a great joy to TV after dinner. With the constant changing of relationships and finding out who Hyde's real dad is this show was a hit when it started in August of 98 though it was set in 1976. And hanging out in Foremans basement was always the thing to do back then and it still is today along with circles.This show gave great laughs in premieres and it still does during re-runs. If you watch a few episodes of this show you will get everything and want to get more. Now only is this show one of the best ever created it is clever and funny.
critique3835 I love this movie. It is the first film Master P have ever done. It is based on the story of his life. It is low-budget but it is very good. It shows how Master p grew up in projects in New Orleans.<br /><br />Not only did Master P start in this movie he also was the writer and director with Moon Jones. The DVD also has The No Limit ice cream party on it. This movie shows how Master P goes from bad too good and how he had to deal with the things around him. It also has many of The No Limit Records roster in this film. You should buy or rent this film.<br /><br />It is a great movie to watch is you like rap or is a Master P fan. I will not spoil this movie for you. Go get this movie as fast as you can and watch it. You will like it.
critique3836 I am definitely not a gamer but a couple people in my family and my boyfriend are. So a little reluctantly I decided to find out what the big deal was with "fantasy stuff". I saw Dorkness Rising and thought it was HILARIOUS! It's slapstick but not disrespectful to those that enjoy role playing games. Also and most importantly people who've never gamed before can enjoy it and not feel left out or lost trying to understand the plot. The acting was great and the field shots/set were believable. This makes me want to see other movies by this production company. I can't wait to see what the future holds for this group! Three cheers - well done!!
critique3837 One of the funniest movies made in recent years. Good characterization plot and exceptional chemistry make this one a classic
critique3838 Deliverance is John Boorman's 1972 horror/thriller movie about a group of four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds Jon Voight Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox) that undertake a canoe trip down the Cahulawassee River before the river is dammed. Along the way a raft (no pun intended) of unpleasant things happen to the men. Despite the nasty happenings in this picture Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river nicely. The location was really chosen well. Indeed this would still be a very nice film to watch had the canoe trip gone smoothly. The lush forests and gentle landscape only make the horror more horrible. Not only is the location scenic but also beautifully shot thanks to cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond. It has been said that Burt Reynolds' performance as the outdoorsman Lewis is the star acting role in this film. I reckon however that Jon Voight steals the show with his role as the suburban family man Ed who is rapidly forced to change his demeanour in order to survive. In fact the scene in which climbs the cliff was not a stuntman. It was Voight himself. To cut costs the filming wasn't insured and the actors did their own stunts. The soundtrack is particularly noteworthy. Eric Weissberg's and Steve Mendel's performance on guitar and banjo as part of the Duelling Banjos sequence remains one of the most awesome pieces of soundtrack in the history of cinema for the sheer intensity of its performance. At a couple of other points in the movie we are treated to more softer banjo music which provides a very pleasant accompaniment to the trip down the river For all the good points of this film I did find it a little lacking in purpose. It doesn't build suspense very well and it isn't really as gruesome as we have been led to believe. The plot itself is somewhat poor and it doesn't really go anywhere. Nevertheless this movie has enough good points to get my recommendation. I did like it but for fans of gore there isn't really much of it. None really in fact. It isn't so much a horror film as an adventure film that turns a little bit sour. Think of it like Rambo: First Blood meets Three Men In A Boat. Look out for a very young Charley Boorman as Ed's son. I did like this movie the soundtrack cinematography and acting earns it a well deserved 7 out of 10.
critique3839 Some of those guys that watch films and complain about them for a living are forgetting something: DVD menu system. I tell you the people I watched the main screen repeat in this one about 35 times. It was awesome. A cinematic tapestry of cascading brilliance that had me from where it was which was the very beginning. Many times the sum and Bam! I was hooked. Over and over and over. And over.<br /><br />"Doot de doot de doo de dodedo." And that's just the soundtrack! <br /><br />I is laid aside in the bed curled up with my Vaio. The rain is in the flat roof and tonight soft is again soft. The cat is comfortable and my ankle which crosses in me is already rested. I popped in the DVD. I was mesmerized. Through the night. "doot de doot de doo de dodedo."<br /><br />The Blob. See it. Steve Queen two cops and one girl in a dress. Two thumbs way up!
critique3840 Loved the movie. Loved the two families crossing paths in history. Only question is if Sam gets killed then how does his family's line continue? He is Madame Zeroni's son and Zero is supposed to be related but no mention of any other children? Hmmmmmmmmm. Never mentioned any other children or wife prior to his speaking with and falling in love with the teacher? Maybe she had a child prior to becoming the kissing Kate Bandit? Even with the mistakes in the movie. Just loved it. The acting was great. Not sure where the story was with Mr. Sir being Marion a women at the end but makes his character even funnier. The other "counseler" did seem concerned for the kids but of course maybe not so much. Poor Warden must have had a really stinky childhood to be so mean when she grew up.
critique3841 The undoubted highlight of this movie is Peter O'Toole's performance. In turn wildly comical and terribly terribly tragic. Does anybody do it better than O'Toole? I don't think so. What a great face that man has!<br /><br />The story is an odd one and quite disturbing and emotionally intense in parts (especially toward the end) but it is also oddly touching and does succeed on many levels. However I felt the film basically revolved around Peter O'Toole's luminous performance and I'm sure I wouldn't have enjoyed it even half as much if he hadn't been in it.
critique3842 Interesting way of looking at how we as humans so often behave we are sometimes blinded by our desire to achieve perfection that we some times destroy the foundation of what we are trying to achieve. It also addresses the issue how we tend to ignore those among us who are not as outspoken and by doing this may miss out on a great opportunity. The injection of comedy also makes watching the film an enjoyable experience..A must see for anyone who is interested in a reflective yet comical look at life. I am eagerly looking forward to your next product.Hope that you will continue to provide us with quality entertainment. Excellent work ......Joanne
critique3843 Just imagine what school would have been like in a world like this: the kids are one big gang who have really good taste in music and unite against bad headmasters and teachers. "Rock 'N' Roll High School" is taking place in that world. It's like a Ramones record coming to life. The characters are all as silly innocent and charming as the Ramones' songs and the music itself is of course fantastic. High school comedies have really changed over the years if you compare a movie like "American Pie" with this late 70's classic where no tasteless sex jokes are made at all. Since a remake is apparently in the works it can probably be expected that the charm of the original will get lost along the way and will get replaced by vulgar half-funny dick jokes as Bill Hicks used to call them. However the main problem will be that the Ramones CANNOT be replaced. They were the perfect band for this movie and no one else could even come close to taking their place. So the best thing to do would be to leave the original alone as quirky and charming as it is. Gabba-gabba hey!
critique3844 Last Christmas I was lucky enough to receive one of the 1200 Ultimate Bourne boxed sets from my Better Half but put off watching the final part of the trilogy until yesterday. Given how many recent trilogies have stumbled over the finishing line instead of striding triumphantly through it I was somewhat wary of approaching "The Bourne Ultimatum" but I really shouldn't have been worried. The electric actions sequences and bruising fight scenes mix effortlessly alongside the intelligent story-lines to make this one of the very best action thrillers I can recall seeing and a sublime end to an excellent series.<br /><br />Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after an apparent leak about Operation Blackbriar - a new program based on the old Treadstone project - to the journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) at the Guardian. Determined to uncover more about his half-remembered past Bourne picks up the trail once again but others at the CIA including Deputy Director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn) believe that Bourne himself is the leak and start to pursue the rogue agent with renewed vigour. Can Bourne finally find the answers he has been looking for or will his old employers silence him for good? <br /><br />Personally I felt slightly disappointed with "The Bourne Supremacy" as it ditched the trademark realism of its action scenes and focused on being a proper spy film. Not to say it lost it altogether but compared to the fantastic "Bourne Identity" it seemed more like a slow-burning spy novel rather than an action-thriller. No such worries here - every car crash punch kick and gun shot is heard and felt with visceral delight but thankfully it still retains a wonderfully intelligent and gripping spy story at its heart to base the action around. It also brilliantly ties together the two earlier films providing a suitable bookend to the trilogy as things are explained and expanded until the full picture is exposed. Performances throughout are nearly faultless - even Julia Styles begins to offer something more than book-wormy eye-candy. The only real downer is that this like the other Bourne films has little to do with the original novel but unless you're a die-hard Ludlum fan this isn't really any real reason to dislike a movie like this of the very highest calibre.<br /><br />Nothing pleases me more than a movie that takes me pleasantly by surprise and despite my fears "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a cracking movie filled with enough bone-crunching action to satisfy the meat-heads as well as a plot that never threatens to let go of your attention for a single minute. Even at the final reel you're never entirely sure whether a happy ending is assured but whether you are a fan of the series or not (and if not what more do you want?) this is one film you really should track down as soon as you possibly can. No wonder this series forced the producers of the Bond movies to throw out forty-odd years of movie history in order to start again. Bourne is a modern spy hero and made recent Bond films look more like Austin Powers in comparison until "Casino Royale" gave the Bond series the reboot it desperately needed. Missing out of the Jason Bourne movies is a crime worthy of rendition - go and get yourself a copy of the DVD. Not the Ultimate Bourne collection though - limited edition I'm afraid!
critique3845 Anthony Quinn was a legend of 20th century in cinema by his great roles obtained this movie about a policeman innovated a false guilt for Toni to rape his beauty wife (Lisi) but he failed in this trap because he faced the strength of Lisi but he succeeded in his trap which was prepared by him for Toni that he put his name in the list of Jewish people in Romania and he transported from country to another in east Europe.<br /><br />This movie was directed in 1967 at the time of Arab -Isreeli war in 1967 (Six days war) as an evidence of harmful works from Jewish people which were caused by Jewish people not only in Europe but also in the rest continents.<br /><br />Jewish people were a great cause of French revolution in 1789  the Pelchfik revolution in Russia 1917 the Turmoil of different countries in any time.<br /><br />Pearl Buck wrote a novel (Peony) in 1948 at the time of occupied Palasteine in 1948 about Chinese Jewish people and their problems they faced in China because of their bad instruments they used in these countries as keys of crisis.
critique3846 Well you take O.J. Simpson as a all american soldier turned all american bus driver who decides to rescue his passengers on his own just incase no one else is going to and Arte Johnson in an absolutely straight role as the tour guide who doesn't know what to do but doesn't want to admit they are in trouble and combine it with Lorenzo Lamas as one of three baby faced bad boys who intend to kidnap an heiress and leave a busload of people to die on the dessert and you have got to have action plot twists and a lot of drama. Everyone was good but seeing Lamas as the baddest of the bad boys really blew my mind. He was much too believable as the overbearing bad guy who not only wanted to kidnap the heiress but rape the women and humiliate the guy who tried to stop him. This was evidently long before he cultivated his good guy image. And believe me a 20 year old Lorenzo in tight jeans you really don't want to miss!
critique3847 I suppose the ultimate curse of attending the Toronto Film Festival is your release date time table get messed up. Quite frankly I'm just happy Fido got picked up for US distribution. In any case...<br /><br />Ever seen Shaun of the Dead? Good. How about Lassie? Able to reconcile the two? Well if you can your name might be Andrew Currie Canadian helmer of the first ever family themed zombie comedy or zomedy. (Seriously that's what the press book in Toronto called it.) Though not as violent dry or British as Shaun of the Dead Fido remains true to its roots: a devotion to old 50s black and white television including both Lassie and the infamous sci-fi pulp that was being pumped out during the period.<br /><br />Fido's talented headliners (Carrie Anne Moss Billy Connelly Dylan Baker and Tim Blake Nelson) stand as a testament to the brilliance of the script. The film explores all the implications of its premise: a world where zombies have been converted to servants because of the sheer number of them due to a strange accident. What would you use your new undead servant for? A butler? Manual labor? A pet? Unspeakable acts? Fido tackles all these possibilities in a sweet and surprisingly classy way with much thanks to the work of Connelly (as one of said zombies) and young TV actor K'Sun Ray who seems at times to be a better young Elijah Wood than the young Elijah Wood was.<br /><br />If you're expecting another Shaun of the Dead don't waste your time. There's not nearly enough gore and pokes at the genre to satisfy you and you'll just leave the theater bitter and depressed. But if you're willing to take a look at what happens to Shaun of the Dead when it jumps across the lake you're in for a treat. Think of Fido as the sensitive more often beaten up little brother to Shaun of the Dead's rebellious loser and you're starting to get the drift. If you like (or at least tolerate) zombies small children and loads of deadpan satire Fido's the film for you. If that's not the case....well you know the drill. Just hit 'em square between the eyes.
critique3848 I like this movie much it's special type of humor by Ondricek and Machacek... I think it's better then Samotari (Loners).. Maybe it's difficult to understand when you are not Czech. If you are not watching that movie just enjoy it don't mind about anything else.. just relax !!
critique3849 I still can't believe that computer graphics are able to create 3D images. The moment I heard it from my friends over at a forum I swear to myself that I am going to make myself watch it.<br /><br />I managed to watch parts of it at a fellow shopping centre where they had many Advent Children DVDs and showed it at a few laptops for sale. Obviously I was overjoyed but it was still not enough. Then I headed off to YouTube.com to search for the movie. All I came up with was music video dedications. Until that fateful day...I found it. I watched it despite all the distractions because I knew that I have to watch or else I will be called a loser.<br /><br />Enough about me more on the movie. As if Final Fantasy VII wasn't enough they made a movie about it! My most favourite part was the end of Sephiroth's life. Cloud's OmniSlash couldn't be better. But I wouldn't entirely spoil the show for you. You have to watch it for yourself!!! Get the DVD now!
critique3850 It's unbelievable but the fourth is better than the second and the third. After the third that was awful it's incredible how they could have an unexpected sequel with new ideas. Chuck is the same nasty doll of the previous movies. Interesting the final that lets know that a fifth can be done....
critique3851 I don't know about the English version of this movie but the Norwegian translation is the funniest movie I've seen in many years. The characters say so many funny things and make so many weird references to current events that I'm amazed they kept having more options like the architect who can never say the name of the wizard Miraculix correctly. It becomes things like Malcom(i)X and "utenriks" which is Norwegian for foreign affairs.<br /><br />Like the word "utenriks" many of the translations does not give any meaning in English and probably not in French either so the translators must have made up their own jokes and done so very well. Of course they have a very good base to build on with a film that's simply comical from beginning to end!<br /><br />Recommended in all languages with a good translation!
critique3852 Hard to imagine this film is based on a true story and how Christy managed to accomplish the miracle is so heart-stirring. Daniel Day-Lewis is a chameleon really hard to imagine how much effort he had done to create this disabled character. Watching him on screen is a shocking and breathtaking experience.<br /><br />The movie is not so pessimistic as I thought before the story is kinda bright and intriguing. Christy is not despised by the normals his life is also colorful and delightful although we can be aware of the loneliness and the painful fetter through his eyes.<br /><br />One important factor of Christy's success is his mother's support which seems to be more touching and the unknown actress Brenda Fricker also deserves her Oscar award for this role this fat little middle-aged woman uses her all to make Christy's dream come true. So lucky for Christy!And Hugh O'Conor is also excellent as young Christy what a performance for a child! The love story of Christy is very well-done trustful. Christy wants love and nothing can derive him of the right to love his crush on the beautiful Dr. Eileen Cole (surprisingly played by Fiona Shaw I am deeply impressed with her role in Harry Potter series the loathsome Aunt Petunia so her appearance in this role is really beyond my mind but anyway any woman has her own youth...) is paranoiac and offensive I do have sympathy for him love is a two-edged sword happiness and agony are just next to each other.<br /><br />Btw Jim Sheridan's works are all good (IN America THE BOXER etc.) except GET RICH OR DIE Trying' god knows why he chose to direct that crap! Really a career taint for him what a pity!
critique3853 Even though we know how the story ends this is a gripping fly-on-the-wall film that plays almost like a political thriller. During the calm before the storm we meet Hugo Chavez as a charismatic larger than life man who has an unbreakable connection with the mestizos who make up 80% of the population but have previously been shut out of Venezuela's political process and its oil wealth. He seems as devoted to them as they are to him. He travels the country at a hectic pace reaching out to the campesinos addressing huge crowds hugging and kissing ordinary people accepting letters on scraps of paper and hearing pleas for help. The people are excited that one of their number has made it to the highest office in the land. There is an electric sense of hope and optimism that change for the better is coming to the festering barrios.<br /><br />But not everyone is happy with the situation. The pure-blood Castillian Spaniard elite who are a small minority but previously controlled all the wealth are full of bitterness and resentment. One of the most unintentionally hilarious moments in the film is when an Ann Coulter lookalike at a residents' meeting in an exclusive gated community complains of the mestizos "they have no concept of struggle or sacrifice." Minutes later a speaker tells the meeting to "beware of your domestic servants - they could be Chavez supporters." Duh! Of course they are.<br /><br />In a late night interview alone with the film crew Chavez reveals something of his soul as he tells the story of his grandfather. He can be a sensitive poetic person though with an impish even clownish sense of humor (like we saw when he addressed the UN and called Bush the devil.)<br /><br />Then the storm starts to gather force as the coup organizers call for a mass protest and cynically manipulate their supporters into changing the route at the last minute and marching on the presidential palace knowing it is surrounded by Chavez supporters and violence is inevitable.<br /><br />Another element of the plot falls into place as snipers on rooftops begin to fire on the Chavez supporters some of whom fire back. The local equivalent of Fox News shows this return fire and claims that Chavez supporters are massacring protesters. Then the camera pulls back and reveals that there are no protesters - the street is empty! The protesters took a different route. Needless to say the footage of the empty street was edited out by the rabidly anti-Chavez private TV stations (who had been airing a constant barrage of propaganda calling Chavez mentally ill and sexually fixated on Fidel Castro.) Immediately after the coup we see the ringleaders and their media propaganda masters openly bragging on TV about how they had manipulated the situation with reckless disregard for the lives of supporters and opponents alike.<br /><br />The filmmakers continue to be at the heart of this chaotic fast-changing situation as the military coup surrounds the palace and threatens to bomb it. Chavez eventually surrenders to avoid bloodshed but refuses to resign and is whisked away to an offshore island where a plane awaits to take him - where? The US? How can the remaining cabinet members avoid arrest and defeat this heavily armed conspiracy of right-wing generals and ultra-wealthy businessmen who are closely linked to the Bush administration? Watch the movie and find out!<br /><br />If your only knowledge of Hugo Chavez and Venezuela is from the US media then you know nothing. He is not an "unelected tyrant" and does not "rule by decree" - he is enormously popular having been elected and re-elected several times with over 60% of the vote (something George Bush Junior has never achieved) and the devotion he inspires in ordinary Venezuelan people is ultimately the reason why the coup fails.<br /><br />This is an extraordinary film about an extraordinary man in an extraordinary situation. The skill of the filmmakers is in being unobtrusive and letting the story unfold through the voices of Venezuelans at every level from the barrio to the presidential palace the tumultuous scenes the chaos and confusion out of which a coherent whole emerges that is tense riveting and moving. Not to be missed!
critique3854 And here's yet another piece of evidence to claim that we should all worship the Italian giallo and acknowledge it to be the absolute most unique sub genre in horror. Emilio Miraglia's "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a totally mesmerizing wholesome of original plotting stylish production values enchanting music great acting talents and inventively gory murder sequences. It's a fabulous giallo (released in the golden year 1972) that belongs in the top-five of every fan of Italian cinema. The storyline doesn't just introduce your average black-gloved & sexually frustrated killer but blends good old-fashioned revenge motives with the macabre myth of the murderous "Red Queen". At young age their grandfather tells the constantly fighting siblings Kitty and Evelyn about an uncanny lady who once every 100 years on April 6th kills seven people of which her sister is the inevitable last victim. Fourteen years later Kitty has become the successful choreographer of a prominent modeling agency (even sharing her bed with the general manager) when suddenly the killing spree begins. Sister Evelyn would be the obvious culprit but she moved to the States recently... Or has she? Complex yet compelling and involving red herrings are thrown at you every couple of minutes and the Red Queen character is definitely the most fascinating killer in giallo-history. Her face can never be seen but she wears a blood red cloak and produces the most ghastly laugh whenever she made a new victim. She's not exactly gentle either as her victims are barbarically stabbed with a dagger dragged behind cars and even impaled on fences! That latter one is truly one of the greatest (= most gruesome) acts of violence I've ever seen! What more could you possibly request? Some classy and tasteful nudity perhaps? The gorgeous female actresses got this more than covered among them Barbara Bouchet and a young Sybil Danning. Emilio Miraglia isn't the most famous giallo-director as he only made this one and the equally recommended "The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave" but his influence and importance should NOT be forgotten.
critique3855 Before this the flawed "Slaughterhouse Five" was the best. But this screen adaptation of "Mother Night" is very true to the book and keeps the comedy mystery and tragedy intent. Thankfully it wasn't Hollywood-ized or idiotized a la the movie of "Breakfast of Champions." Another good thing about this movie is that you don't have to be familiar with the book to follow it (as I think you do for Slaughterhouse Five). That's probably true of Breakfast of Champions also but they did such a bad job of that you're better off just reading the book and not seeing the movie! Nick Nolte did an excellent job in this film.
critique3856 Artimisia was on late last night. At first I didn't think I would like it but seeing I didn't feel like sleeping yet and nothing else being on I continued watching and felt myself intrigued by the young Artimisia a virgin pure and passionate. Her romance with the older Tassi envoked recognisable feelings. Even though the film is based on a very romantisised level and not reality I loved it a lot more than the usual biographys or costume drama's. Great play great camerashots great music and texts. I loved it and I want more of it! :-)
critique3857 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3858 Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers Hollywood's premiere dance team were usually dressed to the nines and gliding through elaborately exaggerated Art Deco sets in the 1930's. However they go a bit more downscale for this 1936 outing the fifth of their ten musicals together. This time Astaire foregoes his top hat white tie and tails to become a bubblegum-chewing sailor named "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays dance hall entertainer Sherry Martin who was Bake's partner - dancing and otherwise - before he enlisted. Consequently unlike the mistaken identity ploys and romantic hesitancies prevalent in most of their previous pairings they are already a couple from the film's outset.<br /><br />Directed by Mark Sandrich (who guided five of their pairings) the film bears a narrative similarity to 1935's "Roberta" in which they are but one of two couples featured in the storyline. In fact Randolph Scott plays the other male lead in both films this time as Bake's womanizing crewmate "Bilge" Smith. He is partnered with not Irene Dunne (who understandably turned down this follow-up) but Harriet Hilliard. Just married to Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie & Harriet Hilliard plays Sherry's spinsterish sister Connie who falls hard for Bilge. In the silly plot she is given a makeover by a young bleached blonde Lucille Ball and there is s classic three-way shot of Hilliard Ball and a kewpie-doll adorable Betty Grable in front of a mirror.<br /><br />Speaking of the story what there is of one is credited to Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor and goes something like this...Bake and Bilge are on shore leave in San Francisco where they end up in a dance hall with their rowdy shipmates. Bake finds Sherry working there while Bilge runs into Connie first when she comes in as a dowdy spinster and then showing up as a glamour girl. Romance blooms for both couples. Connie and Sherry inherit a steamer from their father but they need money to keep it afloat. Multiple misunderstandings occur in both relationships but it all works out when they turn the steamer into a theater and put on a fundraising musical revue. It's about as silly as it sounds but it does provide a good excuse for some memorable Irving Berlin tunes and a trio of Astaire-Rogers dances.<br /><br />The first two are casual in tone - a dance contest set to the percolating "Let Yourself Go" where they show off mercilessly to win and a physical shipboard comedy routine set to the toe-tapping "I'm Putting All My Eggs in One Basket". However their last dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece beautifully set to a stunning arrangement of "Let's Face the Music and Dance". Intriguingly this movie contains not only an Astaire dance solo but the only time Rogers ever had a dance solo to herself in one of their movies an energetic tap routine again set to "Let Yourself Go". Dressed in a creamy satin sailor outfit she also sings the same song most winningly near the beginning of the film.<br /><br />Acting-wise Astaire and Rogers are in typically zesty comic form here. While Scott plays his role with his trademark cock-eyed virility Hilliard is an extremely dull presence and as a former band singer she performs two Berlin love songs in a frustratingly diffident manner. Regardless the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers in their prime make this essential viewing. The 2005 DVD has several good extras beginning with a thirteen-minute featurette "Follow the Fleet: The Origins of Those Dancing Feet" about how Astaire and Rogers started to work together. There is also a live-action "soundie" called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and his Dance Orchestra" a poultry-themed cartoon called "Let It Be Me" and the original theatrical trailer.
critique3859 Two years later... Bill (Alex Winter) and Ted (Keanu Reeves) are becoming near rock stars in the present future but still needing more work in their instruments. In the future Bill & Ted are in the public popular history but then a evil man (Joss Ackland) is set to kill Bill & Ted by sending cyborg look-likes to destroy them. Cyborgs are sent to the past present and they actually murder the real Bill & Ted. Now Both guys are spirits and they have to travel through Heaven and Hell to save themselves and their future.<br /><br />Directed by Peter Hewitt (Tom and Huck The Borrowers) made a clever sequel with terrific visual effects. Much more funny and entertaining than the original. William Sadler (The Shawshank Redemption) steals the show as The Grim Reaper.<br /><br />DVD has an good anamorphic Widescreen (1.85:1) transfer and an fine-Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound. DVD has the theatrical trailer and an amusing behind the scenes featurette. This sequel was a Box Office hit like the original but it is also (Believe it or not) one of the best sequels ever made (depending on your point of view). George Carlin reprises his role from the original briefly. Pam Grier also appears in a bit role. It's a enjoyable fantasy comedy. (****/*****).
critique3860 Nothing great here but a nicely acted story about an abused deaf wife (Fonda) of a small time crook (Bochner)who gets involved with one of her husband's plans and his mistress. Sutherland and Weber are cops drawn into what turns out to be a unmysterious murder investigation and the story just flows along.
critique3861 If you want an excellent survey of Byzantine history done in colorful fashion this is for you. This documentary would also be excellent for educators who are teaching about Roman or medieval history. This documentary is divided into three portions first dealing with the fall of the Western Roman Empire the rise of Christianity and the beginning of the Byzantine Empire. The second video deals with Byzantine diplomacy and the iconoclastic controversy. The third and final video explains the decline and fall of Byzantium. The series is shot in several countries and beautifully integrates Byzantine history into the realities of the modern world showing the place of this civilization as part of human civilization in general. Do take the time to watch.
critique3862 I'll be honest with you...I liked this movie. It's a great zombie flick that is packed with action original ideas good acting but is also packed with bad Zombie effects. Part IV entitled "After Death" is also good. I would recommend this movie to horror fans everywhere.<br /><br />10 out of 10<br /><br />Fans of Horror Movies like this should Check out Puppet Master Skinned Alive Slumber Party Massacre Sleep Away Camp and other Full Moon Pictures flicks. For other recommendations check out the other comments I have sent in by clicking on my name above this comment section.
critique3863 One of the enduring classics from MGM came out in the closing years of World War II it's the film that made young Elizabeth Taylor a star. She had done a few films as a child actress before National Velvet but when it came out her place in the movies was assured. Ironically enough biologically she'd be growing up fast enough after National Velvet was out and her next struggle as an actress was to get substantial adult roles because casting directors only saw her as innocent little Velvet Brown who loved her jumping horse.<br /><br />I'm not sure of how this would work because steeplechase horses have to have confirmed bloodlines and the Pi's are a subject not dealt with in National Velvet. All we know is that he's a reckless and untrainable horse in the hands of Reginald Owen and after he breaks free and causes considerable damage Owen gets rid of him for a nominal price to the local butcher Donald Crisp.<br /><br />At the same time as these things are happening Mickey Rooney comes wandering into the lives of the Brown family which consists of Crisp wife Anne Revere and daughters Angela Lansbury Juanita Quigley and Elizabeth Taylor and their little brother Butch Jenkins. Rooney is a former jockey who's now on the open road and heading for the Brown family where his father was once a horse trainer for Anne Revere's family. It's he who sees the potential of the Pi (short for pirate) as a steeplechase jumper and it's Elizabeth who convinces Crisp not to pass up this chance.<br /><br />Elizabeth Taylor was so sweet and innocent in National Velvet. The Good Book says you have to have faith like a child and she has it to spare. She infuses Rooney with it to have faith in the heart and ability of the Pi and to leave a little over for himself.<br /><br />Anne Revere won a Best Supporting Actress Award for National Velvet. She's a very wise mother who has hidden depths to her that the audience doesn't suspect. It turns out that back in her youth she had a taste of fame and glory swimming the English Channel and her prize money saved all these years she gives to her daughter. That scene is probably what won her the Oscar. National Velvet also won one other Academy Award for Film Editing.<br /><br />Over 60 years after it made its debut National Velvet as a family classic hasn't lost a thing. Its depiction of life between the World Wars in Great Britain is still a standout. And National Velvet launched a movie legend. Can't do much better than that for high regard.
critique3864 It occurred to me while watching "Imaginary Heroes" that any screenwriter attempting to make a drama about family relationships should seriously consider killing off a kid or two in the opening reel as a way of getting his characters to open up and reveal themselves. There must be something to this storyline for it seems as if every other family drama that comes down the pike uses this device in one form or another ("Paradise" and "Moonlight Mile" are just two of the more recent examples that spring immediately to mind although one could reach back to a golden oldie like "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" to make the point as well). It's not that the death of a child is an illegitimate subject for serious films to explore. Far from it. It's just that like any topic it can be so overused that it becomes just another movie clichÃƒÂ© a convenient bit of narrative shorthand to get the ball rolling and to give the characters something to grapple with for the remainder of the time we get to spend with them.<br /><br />The latest such work is "Imaginary Heroes" a film that borrows heavily from what is one of the earliest and perhaps best known examples of the "family coping with the death of a child" genre the Academy Award winning "Ordinary People." Like the characters in that earlier film the Travises seem on the surface to be the ideal suburban family until one fateful day their oldest son Matt who is the "golden boy" athlete and thus the apple of his father's eye kills himself with no explanation (one minor difference is that the son in "Ordinary People" dies as a result of an accident not a suicide). It is Matt's younger brother Tim who winds up finding the body and who assumes the role of protagonist in the film. Each of the remaining family members copes with the tragedy in his or her own way. Matt who has always lived in the shadow of his older brother becomes more and more estranged from the father who has virtually ignored him all his life and begins to turn to drugs for surcease. Ben the father becomes swallowed up in feelings of remorse and guilt turning away from both his job and his family. His wife Sandy is the most complex character in the film a free-spirited child of the '60's who feels oddly adrift in the role of mother and wife as she endures a basically loveless marriage in sterile suburbia. She spends most of her time after the tragedy trying to reconnect with her pot-smoking past.<br /><br />As written and directed by Dan Harris "Imaginary Heroes" emerges as a wildly uneven film. For every scene that feels real and authentic there is another that comes across as arbitrary and inauthentic. One sometimes has the sense that Harris would like to cram every possible life situation he can think of into his screenplay an admirable goal perhaps but one that makes the film unnecessarily melodramatic in the process. Instead of identifying with the characters and being caught up in their plight we often find ourselves thinking "Oh come nowÃ‚Â…what next?" For teen suicide is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the hot-button topics covered in this film; the screenplay also touches on drug and alcohol abuse physical abuse sexual identity conflict life-threatening illness even inadvertent gay incest. It is this "everything but the kitchen sink" mentality in the writing that robs the movie of much of the credibility it needs to really make us care.<br /><br />That is not to say that "Imaginary Heroes" is a bad or unrewarding film. Much of what it has to say about familial relationships and values in the 21st Century is insightful original pointed and profound. Prime credit for its success goes to the actors Emile Hirsch Sigourney Weaver and Jeff Daniels who deliver incisive sensitive performances in their respective roles. It is they who triumph over the narrative excesses to stimulate our brains and touch our hearts. Moreover Harris in his direction achieves an effectively melancholic tone throughout but one that is frequently augmented by some badly-needed flashes of daring dark comedy.<br /><br />"Imaginary Heroes" may appear unfocused and derivative at times but its fine performances and subtle mood shifts make it a film worth watching.
critique3865 this is indeed a treat for every Bolan fan some might think that it's a little over the top and that it is only about Ringo and Marc's egos but i think it's similar to any other concert video except for the fact that this is Marc bolan not just any guy! i especially liked the music video for children of the revolution with Elton John and Ringo Starr. this clip alone is worth all the money i can't believe they did'not release this version as the single. The movie is really superb especially for us danes. Now I wasn't alive during the 70's. but danes in general was totally shot out from what was happening around them. the media didn't play or show any of the popular music back then including Marc Bolan and T.Rex they only played a little with The Doors only the really popular songs though. so i know from my dad that seeing this gives him back a part of his youth he never got to experience.<br /><br />i wont make this too long so... If you're the least bit fan of Marc Bolan you need to see this. you might find it boring or as said before a little over the top. But at least you've seen one of the best musicians ever in action!<br /><br />Only thing that disappoints me a little is that Ride A White Swan isn't on the tape. but i forgive it since Jeepster and Get It On are so wonderfully played.
critique3866 Almost certainly the best Three Stooges short with Shemp 'Brideless Groom' is as good as any of the trio's best shorts featuring Curly. Memorable Stooge moments abound. The opening with 'Professor' Shemp giving voice lessons to homely untalented and lascivious Miss Dinkelmeyer (Dee Green) wincing at her horrendous singing notes and fighting off her advances is an excellent example of Shemp Howard at his best. Many considered him the most naturally funny of the Stooges.<br /><br />Later when Moe and Larry try to help him get spiffed up to find a wife (and claim $500000) Shemp thinks he has cut off his head when his mirror gets flipped backward. Fixing the mirror he cries with relief "THERE I amÃ‚Â…and pretty as a picture!" "Yea" Moe quickly replies trying to hem his slacks "of an APE!"<br /><br />The best scene (and maybe Shemp's best with the trio) comes when he pays a call on attractive young Miss Hopkins (Christine McIntyre). Mistaking him for long-lost "Cousin Basil" she smothers him with hugs and kisses (also leading to a hilarious bit between Moe and Larry in the hall) not giving him a chance to explain his true identity. Suddenly the REAL Cousin Basil calls and she goes berserk slapping him repeatedly and accusing him of taking advantage of "a poor Ã‚Â…. helplessÃ‚Â…defenseless Ã‚Â… woman!" That final line is delivered as she socks him in the jaw (with a real punch according to Shemp and crew members) knocking him through the door and into the hall in a perfectly executed gag. "What happened kid?" Moe asks. "Can I help it if I ain't Cousin Basil?" Shemp asks before passing out.<br /><br />Other classic bits include Moe and Shemp getting tangled in a phone booth trying to find a lost coin Larry getting slapped because of Shemp's bad looks (his face pressed against the phone booth glass) and the great girl fight in the Justice of the Peace's apartment. The great Emil Sitka delivers his classic line (inscribed on his tombstone) "Hold hands you love birds" over and over as his apartment is trashed.<br /><br />I prescribe 'Brideless Groom' as medicine for anyone who thinks the Stooges' glory years ended when Curly left. True Shemp didn't have as MANY great shorts with the group as Curly but that was due to an increasing lack of support from Columbia and his (and the others') advancing ages. When Shemp was healthy and the trio was given decent material to work with they were still on the top of their game.
critique3867 I finally got a chance to settle in and compare the two versions of this film currently going around -- First the good old scummy sleazy Embassy VHS print called SCREAMERS and then a new fully restored Italian DVD by everyone's new favorite media company No Shame of Italy.<br /><br />The American adverts about "men turned inside out" is as everyone says totally misleading and indicative of a Roger Cormanized take on what otherwise would be a superior fantasy-adventure thriller for grown ups. The complete Italian version is a somewhat sprawling well designed and deliberately paced take on "Island of Dr. Moreau" and there's nothing wrong with that. It's a sumptuous handsome Euro Horror outing with a brain good plotting character development location shooting period costuming and sets etc.<br /><br />But I must admit that the 14 year old knucklehead weed puffer still lurking somewhere inside of me got a bigger kick out of the more lurid sleazy and unkempt Roger Corman version which has some nice over the top gore a flashy but preposterous opening segment and then the bulk of Martino's original film albeit somewhat abridged to make room for Roger's idea of entertainment. The pacing was somewhat quicker the shock sequences closer together and you see just as much of Ms. Bach's fantastic form as you do in the extended Italian version.<br /><br />I still don't have much of an idea about what the specific story concerns though: there are a number of plot twists and incidental characters that were somewhat hard to keep track of. A local voodoo subplot didn't help much and it's funny how everything culminates in just another fistfight between the noble castaway prisoner and the mad scientist ... Perhaps a few more viewings are in order. I will say this: Fans of the movie should avail themselves of one of these PAL imports and take a look at what is actually a movie rather than just another murky old home video -- the widescreen shot compositions once again reveal that Martino had an eye for filling his screen with interesting stuff. Nobody gets their heads ripped off like in the SCREAMERS print but it's still interesting stuff and once again proof that while his standards may have been pretty much confined to the area around the gutter Roger Corman new good trashy fun when he had it made for him and side by side these are actually better movies than they had to be.<br /><br />7/10
critique3868 This film deals with the atrocity in Derry 30 years ago which is commonly known as Bloody Sunday.<br /><br />The film is well researched acted and directed. It is as close to the truth as we will get until the outcome of the Saville enquiry. The film puts the atrocity into context of the time. It also shows the savagery of the soldiers on the day of the atrocity. The disgraceful white-wash that was the Widgery Tribunal is also dealt with.<br /><br />Overall this is an excellent drama which is moving and shocking. When the Saville report comes out watch this film again to see how close to the truth it is.
critique3869 I saw this black and white comedy noir yesterday at the London film Festival. Structurally it has been compared to Pulp Fiction but it is perhaps closer to the structure of Amores Perros and the slacker mood of Kevin Smith's Clerks. Four stories intersect at a French motorway diner. The first vignette has Franck (Edouard Baer) bungling a hold up at the diner. The waitress Suzie (Anna Mouglalis) takes pity and tell him her story. The second has two incompetent kidnappers Leon (Bouli Lanners) and Paul (Serge Lariviere) take a teenage girl from her rich family. Unfortunately for them she is suicidal and her family don't appear to want her back. The third is a dialogue between two ageing rock stars who bump into each other at the diner (Alain Bashung and Arno playing themselves). The final part is about four ex-criminals who smuggle their old partner out of hospital to visit their old hideout which has since been turned into Ã‚Â… the diner. An 'epilogue' returns to Franck and Suzie to complete their story (not really an epilogue more a conclusion).<br /><br />The structure does not really work. The stories are not sufficiently intertwined as in Pulp Fiction. Nor is the diner crucial to the action to at least two of the stories in the way the car crash was crucial in the four stories of Amores Perros. The quality of the individual stories varies. The hideout story is a cute idea with a couple of good gags but does not come off; and the rock star reunion is pointless and dull. On the other hand the kidnap story is hilarious although its connection to the diner is tenuous. The most balanced and successful story is the Franck and Suzie one.<br /><br />This film isn't entirely successful but has moments of interest and hilarity. I look forward to seeing more of Writer/director's Samuel Benchetrit's work.
critique3870 A Girl's Folly is a sort of half-comedy half-mockumentary look at the motion picture business of the mid-1910's. We get a glimpse of life at an early movie studio where we experience assembly of a set running through a scene handling of adoring movie fanatics even lunch at the commissary. We are also privy to little known cinematic facts - for example did you know that "Frequently 'movie' actors do not know the plot of the picture in which they are working"?<br /><br />The plot of this film in essence is movie star Kenneth Driscoll's discovery and romancing of a budding young starlet whom he discovers while shooting on location in the country. I believe the 30-minute version I watched was abridged included on the same tape with Cecil B. De Mille's "The Cheat." It is a very credible film - an easy watch with a large cast of extras. As a bonus it includes some of best-illustrated captions I have ever seen accompanying a silent movie.
critique3871 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique3872 haggard doesn't even need to be graded since it was never designed to be graded like Oscar-winning movies are and it was never intended to have won an Oscar (obviously). if you just look at some of the stuff that Bam and Bran tried like the fast-motion shots it comes across as a film thats something more than just cky or jackass (even though those are cool too). For pure enjoyability i definitely give this film a 10; almost every scene made me laugh until my sides hurt like falcone's trail movie. If you haven't seen this see it and then buy it. Personally my favorite character is brandon (falcone) he's just so smooth and natural and random that its hilarious he freestyles great (with the action figures) and makes up the funniest stuff- lol a diamond mountain bike? haggard is definitely a movie that in overall humor is only rivaled by anchorman and napoleon dynamite.
critique3873 Wow baby this is indeed some fine Asian horror/gore and a crazy outlandish movie. This is a Japanese splatterfest that reminded me a little of Tetsuo except in this case with all the blood and guts there is a bizarre love story. It's hard to imagine how they even dreamed up this visually stunning movie with some unique alien creatures that infect humans as parasites turning them into part machine or I guess cyborgs. The only thing wrong with these creatures after they take over a human is they need to kill each other and eat the other. hmmm yum yum. This would probably be called industrial splatter or something like that with a superb soundtrack to add to all the fun. The movie also borrows a little from Carpenter's "The Thing" in creature design and effects. I would put this in the must-have category for gorehounds as there is non-stop carnage and some very fine gore. And a must-have for stoners because you don't even need to read the sub-titles the visual images alone are enough of a mind trip. The design of the little creatures that inhabit the human body like a fetus reminded me a little of Frank Henenlotter's movies which is another homage to some excellent gore films with a sense of humour. "Meatball Machine" is great fun for gorehounds there is no doubt about it and I simply loved it.
critique3874 Okay like many other such films spawned out of a SNL skit. But Tim Meadows does a fairly fantastic job of making a 3 minute one-dimensional character into a moderately viable comedic movie character. He drops amusingly consistently-threated one-liners with fair frequency Billy Dee Williams is in it though his Lando days are long gone and the entire thing is shot pretty well. True it's not great art but if you went into Wayne's World looking for the Gone With The Wind you did something wrong. Enjoyable for what it is.......
critique3875 AristoCats is such a terrific Disney classic that I just loved so much as a kid. Still to this day I can't resist watching it it's just such a wonderful and charming film with great animation and lovely songs. I really miss the animation films like AristoCats they had perfect voices not to mention the hand drawn animation that makes it perfect for the family. AristoCats is also very witty and clever the story was just so wonderful. This film is just beyond irresistible I think the most memorable moment for me was the cats playing the piano learning the appecio's lol it was just so cute with the piano playing and painting.<br /><br />Douchess and her kittens are very pampered in their huge mansion mainly because their lady is very rich and treats them like they were her children. But when the lady feels it's time to make her will she leaves everything to the cats and not to her butler. The butler gets angry and takes the kittens on the road and abondons them in the middle of no where. Douchess and the kittens wake up and with the help of a smooth street cat by the name of Thomas O'Malley they head back home to their lady but learn the coolness of being a skat cat.<br /><br />The AristoCats is just a perfect Disney movie that I feel is a bit over looked. I would always highly recommend this movie for kids or families it could be enjoyed by anyone. The songs and story is just memorable. I will always join in for the movies best song "Everybody wants to be a cat" such a great tune. I also love those dogs that guarded the farm where the cats were abandoned they were just so cute. This is a terrific film please watch it you won't be disappointed.<br /><br />9/10
critique3876 I'm an opera buff and operas are full of sex blood and death. It may help to know the librettos of the operas the arias are from to really appreciate this film -- my mileage is very different than Tug-3. I am a classical music lover and I liked this film.<br /><br />I loved Ken Russell's "Nessun Dorma" segment and would actually like to see him produce Turandot because opera is supposed to be overwhelming truly multi-media experience  but then I loved Lisztomania. I love *Turandot* and knowing the libretto so well may be why I don't find this segment the travesty that Tug-3 did.<br /><br />The Buck Henry/ Rigoletto segment is probably the most approachable for the average viewer -- they are likely to recognize the tunes and its a classic bedroom farce. I like bedroom farces so the silliness didn't upset me.<br /><br />The "Liebestod" segment is so outstanding that I recommend people watch this for that piece alone. "Depuis la Jour" was for me beautifully spiritual. And the Caruso recording of "Vesti la Giubba" (aka I Pagliacci) with John Hurt as the clown was wonderful. But people just wanting naked women may feel there is too much music and not enough bare flesh and sex.
critique3877 Death Bed:The Bed That Eats is a supremely bizarre horror film that truly has to be seen to be believed.There is an ancient four-poster bed that just loves to eat humans and it does so anytime it can lure anyone to lie upon it.There is also a long-dead artistimprisoned behind one of his paintingswho provides a voice-over narration.George Barry's the first and only one film offers some truly surreal moments such as the bed absorbing its victims in a mysterious sea of yellow foam and liquid.The atmosphere is dreamy and there is only a little bit of goreunfortunately the premise is rather silly and the acting is amateurish.Still as fan of unusual cinema I enjoyed this low-budget oddity.Give it a chance.8 out of 10.
critique3878 One of the better kung fu movies but not quite as flawless as I had hoped given the glowing reviews. The movie starts out well enough with the jokes being visual enough that they translate the language barrier (which is rarer than you'd think for this era) and make the non-fight dialogue sequences passable (for a kung fu movie this is a great compliment). Unlike other Chinese action movies which were always period pieces or (in the wake of Jackie Chan's Police Story I) cop dramas Pedicab Driver gives us a look at contemporary rural China. Unfortunately in the latter 1/3 of the movie it takes a nosedive into dark melodrama tragedy which I thought was unnecessary.<br /><br />The action is overall good featuring a duel between Sammo and 1/2 of the Shaw Brothers' only 2 stars Kar-Leung Lau and then a fight at the end with that taller guy who always plays Jet Li's bad guy. There's only 20 minutes of combat here which is standard but what annoys me is the obvious speeding up of the camera frames. I get that they have to film half speed to avoid hurting each other but there are smooth edits and then there's this. It really takes away from the fights when it's this obvious the footage was messed with.<br /><br />That said if you like kung fu movies my opinion here won't dissuade you and if you don't you just wasted 2 minutes of your life reading this.
critique3879 Emily Watson and Tom Wilkinson together - what a treat! With Rupert Everett and Linda Bassett rounding off the supporting roles to the foursome of lies and intrigue. Yet at the heart of it all each character maintains a streak of decency - moral conscience held up in spite of obvious contradictions. "Contradictions are the source of all movement and of all life." How true these words are. Watson's Anne Manning is at the core of this intrigue - she's the central conscience that the other three latched on. She is the decency undeterred. <br /><br />The circumstances of lies are to each its own: one to defend one's professional name; one to hold back due to family/partner pressure; one simply don't want to face the consequence; one ironically can't believe the truth and lies to save friendship. These are all precarious situations. There lies the intrigue - fascinating to watch how each tackles truth and lies. Contradictions indeed. In spite of the seeming dishonor decency and heart remain strong. <br /><br />The treatment of the subject involved and how each of the character behaves are masterfully delivered simple with clarity. It's not sensational or complex as another film "Where the Truth Lies" 2005. Credits due to Fellowes' writing and the nuanced performances of both Watson and Wilkinson. There is warmth somehow that comes through the seemingly boldface or frustratingly hidden lies. Beneath it all human frailty not excluded they meant well. And following along with the story the turn of events provided satisfaction and smiles to how the two Manning's seem to have grown and matured in their relationship. <br /><br />You might say there's no obvious action drama or thrilling scenes in "Separate Lies" yet the intrigue is there and it will hold your attention. The deserving production efforts include cinematography by Tony Pierce-Roberts (a veteran to the Merchant-Ivory films) and music by Stanislas Syrewicz with mood and tone reminiscent of composer Zbignew Priesner (of filmmaker Krzysztof Kieslowski's Trois Couleurs especially: Bleu 1993.) This is a British film you just might not want to miss. <br /><br />Emily Watson (Anne the wife): Breaking the Waves 1996 debut; Hilary and Jackie 1998; The Luzhin Defence 2000; Gosford Park 2001; Punch-Drunk Love Red Dragon Equilibrium in 2002. <br /><br />Tom Wilkinson (James the husband): The Full Monty 1997; The Governess Rush Hour (as villain) in 1998; In the Bedroom 2001 Normal (HBO cable movie) 2003 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind 2004 recently as Father Moore in: The Exorcism of Emily Rose 2005 opposite Laura Linney. <br /><br />Rupert Everett (Bill): He is simply delightful in "My Best Friend's Wedding" 1997 opposite Julia Roberts and marvelous in "An Ideal Husband" 1999 d: Oliver Parker an Oscar Wilde play. Recently as Sherlock Holmes with Ian Hart as Dr. Watson in PBS Mystery: Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stockings 2004 TV. <br /><br />Linda Bassett (Maggie): she was very effective as Ella Khan opposite Om Puri in "East is East" 1999.
critique3880 Michigan Edgar Allen Poe a toaster and a frying pan . . . If you don't mind the psycho-thriller or horror film genre and you have a special place in your heart for the twisted this is the movie for you. An amazingly well developed first film "Hatred of a Minute" has all the draw of mainstream hits like "Silence of the Lambs" and of cult classics like "Army of Darkness." The editing and effects are well done better than many films in the genre. Kallio weaves an intricate tale of torment drawing on both the Bible and Poe's writings. At a time when big budget big name films lack much in the way of substance the independent film has resurrected this dying trait. If you love Michigan a good story or a decent thriller go check out "Hatred of a Minute."
critique3881 Purple Rain has never been a critic's darling but it is a cult classic - and deserves to be. If you are a Prince fan this is for you.<br /><br />The main plot is Prince seeing his abusive parents in himself and him falling in love with a girl. Believe it or not this movie isn't just singing and dancing. There are many intense scenes and it is heartwarming. Sometimes it comes off has funny but when it works it really works. Very hit and miss.<br /><br />No one can really act in the film. Everyone is from one of Prince's side acts like "The Time" and "Vanity 6". Still it adds charm to the movie. When ever Prince is on screen he lights it up and it fun to see him at his commercial peak. <br /><br />In conclusion go and see this if you love Prince like me. If you aren't a fan it'll make you one.
critique3882 On an overnight flight from Los Angeles to Miami Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a charming man who turns out to be a hired killer who demands her help killing a businessman or else her own father will die.<br /><br />Red Eye is a terrific thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. The premise is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth but Red Eye is better than both of those films. Almost everything about Red Eye is above average including the suspense the acting and the direction. Most of the film does take place on a plane but that doesn't slow down the movie. The film is very fast pace and exciting with no slow or boring spots. Wes Craven does a really good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on the thrills he focuses on the story and the characters. The movie does have its share of suspenseful moments but that's not what the film is really about. I also like the way Wes Craven focuses on the other passengers and the small details that become important later on. Red Eye really shows his skills at storytelling.<br /><br />Red Eye also works well because of its young and talented cast. Rachel McAdams gives a very engaging performance and her character is hard to hate. You may even end up cheering for her out loud. Cillian Murphy gives a very creepy and effective performance as the villain. The way he acts charming at first but then turns psycho is especially impressive. The supporting actors are also pretty good which include Brain Cox and Jayma Mays.<br /><br />The movie is also very stylish and it has this overall creepy vibe to it. The setting works well since there is an obvious fear of isolation and no escape. Overall the tone of the film is consistently creepy. The screenplay isn't as strong as everything else though. There are a few unrealistic moments that may distract the viewer. Most of them didn't bother me but there were of few that left me shaking my head. Also the ending is disappointing. It isn't a bad ending just a very simple one and a different approach would have been better. Since the movie focuses on the characters there is really no scream moments maybe just a few jumps. If you expect a horror movie then you will end up disappointed. In the end Red Eye is an engaging thriller and it's one of the best movies of the summer. Rating 8/10
critique3883 This was soul-provoking! I am an Iranian and living in th 21st century I didn't know that such big tribes have been living in such conditions at the time of my grandfather!<br /><br />You see that today or even in 1925 on one side of the world a lady or a baby could have everything served for him or her clean and on-demand but here 80 years ago people ventured their life to go to somewhere with more grass. It's really interesting that these Persians bear those difficulties to find pasture for their sheep but they lose many the sheep on their way.<br /><br />I praise the Americans who accompanied this tribe they were as tough as Bakhtiari people.
critique3884 A toothsome little potboiler whose 65-minute length doesn't seem a second too short My Name is Julia Ross harks back to an English tradition of things not being what they seem -- Hitchcock's The Lady Vanishes is one example. Out-of-work Julia Ross (Nina Foch) finds a dream job at a new employment agency in London whose sinister representative seems very anxious to ascertain if she has living relatives or a boyfriend. After reporting to duty she wakes up (Having Been Drugged) in a vast Manderley-like pile on the Cornish coast supposedly as the barmy-in-the-crumpet wife of George Macready who displays an alarming interest in knives and ice picks. His doting enabling mum is the irresistible Dame May Whitty (this time a model of bustling efficiency on the other side of good-vs-evil than she occupied in The Lady Vanishes). The nightmare vision of this tale unfolds claustrophobically; we know what's going on but are powerless to tell poor Julia. This movie curiously is regularly accorded a place of honor as one of the earliest (and very few British) films noirs. I think it's closer to the Gothic old-dark-house tradition than the American one of wet cobblestones and urban corruption; it does however evince a more modern psychoanalytic cast of mind. Whatever you call it it remains a sharply satisfying thriller.
critique3885 Ossessione is in very bad state but is now undergoing a full restoration at Digital Film Lab in Copenhagen. The material used is a "Master positive" 2nd generation originally from the print Visconti managed to hide from the fascists. It has been scanned on the Spirit 4K (as 2K RGB data) then processed using DaVinci Revival restoration software. After this the rest is manual labor and we do not anticipate finishing before early spring. Sometime next year it should be available on DVD and hopefully also released on HD DVD. This film is beautiful and we hope the restoration effort will be enjoyed by many generations to come.
critique3886 In a film as successful as this it is difficult to single out any one factor. All departments work in perfect union to create on of the most moving human dramas ever put on film. <br /><br />The production is a tribute to the ensemble efforts of the writers producer cast and crew. To name but a few the magnificent score of Hugo Friedhofer is a subliminal marvel the subtle yet striking photography of Greg Toland and the unbelievably effective direction by William Wyler all combine with an ideal cast to create an American classic.<br /><br />The DVD format version is a special treat to view. What a pleasure to see "The Best Years of Our Lives" so beautifully preserved for generations to come to enjoy.
critique3887 Yes a true classic! This is what British drama is all aboutrealism and the minimal use of special effects (and over inflated budgets). I last saw this drama when it was last screened on British terrestial TV in 1994. It truly should be viewed by everyone who likes a scary plotno big names but non-the-less great acting.Sadly the copywrite is now owned by someone unknown and as such this great drama is unlikely to be aired anytime soon.I myself recently acquired The Woman In Black on VHSso now once again I shall be able to enjoy this truly great British drama. You should try and enjoy it too!<br /><br />Mark R. Horobin
critique3888 One of the most entertaining of all silent comedies is Pudovkin's short 'Chess Fever' a mad tale of how a rigorously intellectual board game could disrupt even the most carefully planned central economies. Such an unpromising comedic subject as chess found an earlier outlet in this delightful short. Two young men play the game earnestly against an artificial background a painted set. This is in contrast to earlier Lumiere shorts such as 'L'Arrosseur Arrosse' or 'Repas du bebe' wherein the human activity was deliberately framed by a natural setting. The difference in activities (natural=feeding baby watering garden; artificial=chess) is possibly significant.<br /><br />The main contrast in this film is between this immoveable background and the placid serene game of chess and the fierce passions this latter causes as accusations of cheating lead to a most undignified melee. The intellectual game becomes a gross physical scrap just as the pretensions of arty filmmakers are forever deflated by the 'cruder' demands of audiences.<br /><br />What is most amusing about the film is not neccessarily this descent into slapstick but the way it is filmed its prolonging long after the initial joke has been made; the way the camera refuses to dignify the fight with anything like attention focusing instead on the set while we catch glimpses of hurling feet and dislodged clothing. The film's refusal to edit is audacious so that the humour seems to arise from something else other than the fight reflecting our need for physical contact over intellectual stimulation our unwillngness to let go.<br /><br />What is especially brilliant is the denouement as these upper-class fops are caught by the valet who picks them up like two errant schoolboys as if he is about to box their ears. If masters can't be expected to keep their place with decorum than somebody's going to have to do it for them.
critique3889 Little Vera is the story of a Russian teenager her family and her attempts to find meaning and value in a life sliding increasingly into decay. In her search for meaning she falls in love with a more intellectual and rebellious Sergei whose hatred for her deeply flawed parents quickly spirals out of control.<br /><br />Little Vera is shocking and disturbing in nearly every way. The drinking of the father the enabling and lack of understanding of the mother the casual lies and misdirection of the brother and Vera herself forgiving them all their flaws are all shocking and slightly disturbing to watch. However the raw honesty of the film somehow manages to become even more shocking than the plot or characters. Set in cramped spaces and vast urban decay Little Vera presented a vastly different view of Soviet life than had ever been seen before. In fact Little Vera is a portrait of the collapse of Soviet society painted in shades of pain desperation and rust. It is the implosion of a family set against the implosion of an entire social order.<br /><br />Although painful and desperately unsatisfying the film itself is definitely worth seeing if only to understand the feelings and cultures still reshaping Russia today.
critique3890 This movie consists of such great emotion especially with its outstanding soundtrack that coincides with the film. Tom Cruise is one of my favorite actors because of his enthusiasm to make films and to entertain. This movie was not the best the first time I watched it but after about 3 more times I decided that this is one of the best films that I have ever seen. It takes place in New York and progresses on through his lifestyle. He discovers a delimma in his life with his girlfriend (Diaz). He goes through a state of depression and then an outgoing blend of imagination. This film was beyond my expectations and is one of Cruise's best films ever!
critique3891 I enjoyed this movie. Unlike like some of the pumped up steroid trash that is passed off as action movies Playing God is simple and realistic with characters that are believable action that is not over the top and enough twists and turns to keep you interested until the end.<br /><br />Well directed well acted and a good story.
critique3892 Andaz Apna Apna is my favorite comedy movie of all time.Both Aamir and Salman khan have acted brilliantly while Aamir's acting was far better than salman.Aamir Khan is known as 'MR. PERFECTIONIST' in Bollywood and he proves it in every of his film.<br /><br />The story moves around two young guys Amar (Aamir Khan) and Prem (Salman Khan) both are from poor families and are a big dreamer.They want to become rich without bearing any pain.so when they hear about Raveena Bajaj (Raveena Tandon) daughter of Mr.Bajaj(Paresh Rawal) who comes to India to find his bridegroom  they both fool their fathers to marry Raveena Bajaj and the journey begins.There is also a twist in the movie that makes movie even more funny.Paresh Rawal is in double role (Teja and Mr. Bajaj) and has acted brilliantly as he always does.Shakti kapoor (crime master Gogo) also adds a great comedy.<br /><br />This movie is a rib tickling comedy from first minute till last and it is one of classic comedy movies of Bollywood.
critique3893 After three outstanding BBC television series' and a Christmas special the bizarre and grotesque (yet perversely lovable) characters of bleak fictional town Royston Vasey make the jump to celluloid along with their creators - The League of Gentlemen. <br /><br />Mark Gatiss Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith are the more familiar three-quarters of the foursome with the central roles shared between the trio. In an added twist the final member of the team - Jeremy Dyson - is portrayed by actor Michael Sheen. <br /><br />Where to start? Dyson (Sheen) is in conversation with his writing cohorts when - horror of horrors - he is paid a visit by two of his grisliest characters. Both Tubbs (Pemberton) and Edward Tattsyrup (Shearsmith) are unhappy at The League's decision to kill off the Vasey inhabitants. "You're not real!" screams Dyson in vain as the local shopkeepers from hell exact their revenge. Mayhem ensues as reality and Vasey converge with the vast array of characters entering our world to save theirs. <br /><br />Confused? You will be as the camp innuendo-ridden Teutonic Herr Lipp (Pemberton) is forced to take on the daily guise of Pemberton (Pemberton) while Pemberton (Pemberton) is kidnapped by cannibalistic butcher Hillary Briss (Gatiss) and Geoff Tipps (Shearsmith). <br /><br />With shades of an even more demented Misery Briss attempts to force Pemberton to rewrite the film - thus continuing his life - but leaving Geoff in charge is never a good idea. The erstwhile comedian becomes embroiled in The League's latest post-Vasey adventure - The King's Evil - entering a typically twisted 17th century England complete with cameos from Victoria Wood Peter Kay and David Warner. Known as George of Asda (due to his select line of clothing) Geoff saves the day and is treated as a hero but for the denouement of the film he joins characters old and new at the Church of Royston Vasey to meet with their makers. <br /><br />For fans of the series the film is a must-see. And yes it does feature Papa Lazarou (albeit a little too fleetingly). Pen-loving Pauline Mickey Barbara and cursed vet Matthew Chinnery are some of the other favourites on show and The League's portrayal of themselves (plus Sheen's as Dyson) is also a fascinating insight. <br /><br />The League of Gentlemen are the Radiohead of British comedy - they are ambitious groundbreaking (witness the excellent Series Three) and not happy to rest on their laurels. They also divide opinion accordingly.<br /><br />Certainly their macabre sense of humour is not for every palate and while not written exclusively for 'fans' a grasp of the storyline would benefit those who have previously viewed the series. Nevertheless Apocalypse is a film in its own right and The League will no doubt manage to attract a new breed of fan as well as appeasing and pleasing existing ones.
critique3894 In the 60's Cleveland television audiences could watch a episode of "Flash Gordon" as part of the Ghoulardi Show (11:30PM Friday). This was the best mockfest material any of us in junior high had ever seen. We would have regular "sleepovers" (although we did not call them that) just to get in on the fun of watching this stuff with a group of friends. Then the next week we would quote our favorite cornball lines from the latest episode.<br /><br />Watching it today provokes much the same reaction. But if you can stop laughing at the dialogue the lame creatures the silly costumes and the horrible spaceships long enough there are some good things I did not appreciate the first time through. The production designers built some excellent sets both the rooms and the laboratory devices. Charles Middleton's "Ming the Merciless" character was the all-time best screen villain certainly up to that time and arguable better than anyone since. Jean Rogers is staggeringly beautiful.<br /><br />Then again what do I know? I'm only a child.
critique3895 Andie MacDowell's facial expressions are great again in this movie. When you enter 40 and have been single for a while (or all your life) you may feel you are wasting away. The movie is a sweet reminder that love can be found just anywhere if your antennae is acutely active. I liked the quick sexual encounter which must be out of character for a normally reserved school teacher (MacDowell). Her ex-student is cute enough still carrying a crush on his teacher for so long. <br /><br />There are some parts that I thought rather unrealistic or unpractical though. For example at a scene where the other women's jealousy override and a scene was set up to make Andie MacDowell dump the young man would a mature police officer (the other friend of MacDowell) allow her friend to do such a sinister act? Is it so easy for anyone to not stop in front of a car? Of course accidents happen all the time but I hoped to see the heroine get happily married with the first man she got involved with (that was the hardest part to believe!! For such a beautiful woman to stay single for so long??)... <br /><br />Maybe the movie producers are aware of the fact that many romance between an older woman and a younger man do not last for long. Beside they know that a happy ending would not appeal to the public especially to jealousy women over 40 who are waiting some miracles to happen. The sad ending with a glimpse of hope for the sad woman who lost her true love is sweet but if the man continued to live would that last? For how long? Nobody knows. Nonetheless it's a movie to make you want to watch it again sometime later.... a year later maybe.
critique3896 When a saboteur blows up a controversial government research lab two experimental animals are loosed in a small community in Washington State. One is a dog with unusual intelligence. The other is an "Outside eXperimental COmbat Mammal" or "OXCOM". Because of reasons divulged further into the film the oxcom hates the dog and so is trying to kill it. Watchers concerns the accidental involvement of Travis Cornell (Corey Haim) his mom Nora (Barbara Williams) and his girlfriend Tracey (Lala Sloatman) with the dog and oxcom as two National Security Organization agents Lem Johnson (Michael Ironside) and Cliff (Blu Mankuma) track them down.<br /><br />Many comments are made about Watchers being very different than the Dean Koontz book that serves as the launching pad for the film. This is true. But it should not affect your rating. If you want the book read the book. Judge the film on its own merits not how closely it matches the book. Bill Freed and Damian Lee who wrote the screenplay are just as much artists as Koontz is (that's not a quality comparison just a statement that they're all artists). So is director Jon Hess. Their job as filmmakers isn't to slavishly follow the book as if it were a script. They're adapting the book as artists to make a unique artwork. It's based on the book. Not identical to it. You have to loosen your preconceptions/expectations when you watch the film because you're going to be experiencing an artwork that you are not already familiar with even if you've read Koontz' novel.<br /><br />So is Watchers a good film? It's pretty good not excellent. Good enough to earn a "B" or an 8. Hess begins things on the right foot with one of the most beautifully filmed explosions I've seen in awhile. Unfortunately he trips a bit immediately afterward as we listen to some very thick jargonistic exposition. After that scene Watchers threatens to become a clichÃƒÂ©d 1980s film as we first meet Travis and Tracey.<br /><br />Veering towards clichÃƒÂ© is a tendency continually threatened. But it is only a skew. More often than not Hess is able to transcend well-trodden territory with a number of interesting twists: Both Travis and Tracey are from single parent homes with their genders flipped. Both have unique mature relationships with their parents. Although this is a horror film a major focus is a cute intelligent canine and it often feels as much like an adventure film as it does horror a thriller or sci-fi which are all genres it touches upon. Hess introduces a large cast of characters some not entering until late in the game yet the film is never confusing and no characters feel as if they are left in the dust--all of the threads are nicely tied up in the end. The structure is also complex in that there are two major villains the second becoming less obviously ill-intentioned as the film progresses until a twist accompanied by brutal violence makes one antagonist clearer. Soon after Hess gives us a nice moment of doubt with the other antagonist.<br /><br />The biggest flaw in my eyes is a dreaded common one with horror films since at least the 1980s--the "attack" scenes are shot too darkly too close too out of focus and they're edited too choppily. It makes it extremely difficult to tell what's going on which saps most of the tension from scenes that should be a highlight. Surely part of Hess' motivation for the style and this is the typical justification for this problem was worry that the creature would come across as humorous and/or fake rather than frightening and suspenseful. In my view presenting the audience with a dizzying blur isn't a satisfactory solution. We only get to see the creature costume/makeup clearly towards the end of the film. It was well done enough that better shot and edited attack scenes would have brought the film up to at least a 9.<br /><br />Regardless of the degree of correspondence between the novel and the film Watchers presents a gripping story using smart alluring characters. It is frequently a nail-biter and the horror scenes are more feral than you might expect if not exactly gory (although there is a fair amount of blood in a couple scenes). Watchers tends to be underrated because of misconceptions about the role of film when it comes to adapting literature--don't pass it up or summarily dismiss it based on a misconception.
critique3897 The film was apparently spawned from an idea one of the writers had when he 'saw' one of his creations in a supermarket. The inhabitants of Royston Vasey head into 'our' world to persuade the writers not to stop writing about them and thus destroy their world.<br /><br />If that sounds a bit too serious don't be put off. Within the first few minutes we get: Bernice (the vile female vicar) letting rip at an unfortunate penitent during confession; Chinnery (the vet who inadvertently destroys every animal he touches) attempting to collect semen from a giraffe; Mickey (thick beyond belief) being ah thick; and Tubbs (inbred sister-wife and local shopkeeper) being sweet as ever - but still disgusting.<br /><br />Some of the regular characters are missing but a new idea by the Gents introduces some 16th-Century characters - and we have the Gents themselves in the action too. If you're new to The League of Gentlemen this is an easy introduction and a lot of fun. If you're a long-standing fan this has everything you've come to expect - including the joys of Jeremy Dyson spotting.<br /><br />All told it's got the same faintly surreal humour that's the hallmark of the series plus some moments of quite touching 'introspection'. Herr Lipp for example maintains a gentle dignity on learning that he's regarded by his creators as a 'one-joke character'. While most of the characters stay as they are some develop in unexpected ways that are perfectly natural when they happen.<br /><br />This film is a 'swan song' for Royston Vasey but it's also a showcase for the Gents who prove that (gasp!) they can write other stuff - and it can be very funny. (But you knew that anyway.)
critique3898 As a lover of the surreal (in art and film) I was pleased to discover this film on IFC. It is definitely a keeper. Most of the other reviews tell the general plot (not all correct) so I won't bother to bore anyone with that. The main thing is the alternate worlds concept which is brought on by Ana's impending illness and the way she manages to link with someone else after being so "alone" and finally with her family which I believe is still at least a little troubled. It only can be called a horror movie in that it has frightening scenes but is a fantasy (with a little hint of "coming of age" only because Ana is a pre-teen who "hates boys"). I heartily recommend it to those who appreciate the stretch of their imagination.
critique3899 This movie is definitely one of the finest of its kind. A Victrion age story of love and grit. The depth of its story line is one that will stir the inner most emotions of love and hate with some very interesting twists this is a must have movie for not only the lesbian audiences but for all viewers. I can't say much more or I will spoil the experience for a new young audience who might just be coming out. Another fine work for Sarah Waters. It also is a great way for Sally Hawkins to win over audiences who only get a brief glimpse of her talent in another Sarah Waters work in "Tipping the Velvet".. It is also a must see..
critique3900 This one of those social dramas that WB knew how to put together and were guaranteed boxoffice hits in the thirties. This early "dead end kids" are sent to a reform school where they are mistreated. Cagney a gangster as part of a deal is appointed as the commissioner of the school. He doesn't take it seriously at first but he changes and makes the necessary changes to improve the lives of the boys. The idea is to let the boys rule and administer their community. Whether this is sound social reform is beyond my belief but it's a movie. It's a lot like Boys Town with a slight darker tone. A useless happy ending deluges what impact the scene prior hard but is still good. WB would later make this same movies with Bogart in the Cagney/fatherly role.
critique3901 Let me start out with saying I was VERY surprised with the production value of this movie. I managed to catch an early showing and I have to Say this is the BEST (if not only) Christian film to hit theaters since The Passion.<br /><br />Don't let the PG-13 rating scare you off the rating is appropriate because of the serious issues that are dealt with in this film (divorce teen pregnancy drug use and suicide) but nothing in the film is gratuitous. This is definitely a movie that a Junior High youth group could see without upsetting (most) parents and the message is wonderful. The best part is this is not a film FOR Christians it is a Family film without the cheesy 7th Heaven feel.<br /><br />The laughs are there and several times in the theater everyone was laughing the bits of humor were natural and didn't seem scripted or forced and that made for good pacing in such a serious film. Teens and young adult both religious and otherwise will be able to identify with many if not all of the characters in the film and I was surprised to see such issues dealt with in this kind of film. The plot is not in any way predictable and by the end hits closer to home than many will admit. Christians fortunately are not shown as all mighty know it all's of "The Word" but instead people just trying to understand life. Humans make mistakes and no one is perfect not even in this film... not by a long shot.<br /><br />The acting is top notch the writing spot on and you aren't hit over the head with all the preachy Christian rhetoric. This is a great film that will make you and your teens think talk and perhaps question their own morality (or lack thereof). If you want to see a quality family film in January check your local listings for this film and you might learn something about yourself.<br /><br />And I am a 25 year old male that just wanted to see a free movie.
critique3902 The acting is good the action is good and so is the plot. If you like some good fast entertainment with an air for authentic action scenes not the Hollywood (looks great but is totally ridiculous) kind you're in for a special treat. Just sit back and enjoy...
critique3903 I was very disappointed when this show was canceled. Although i can not vote. I live on the island of Aruba. I sat down to see the show on tuesday. And was very surprised that it didn't aired. The next day i read on the internet that it was canceled.<br /><br />It's true not every one was as much talented as the other. But there were very talented people singing.<br /><br />I find it very sad for them.<br /><br />That they worked so hard and there dreams came tumbling down.<br /><br />Its a pity<br /><br />Ariette Croes
critique3904 This movie starts out hilarious from about the 15 second mark and continues it throughout the movie. I cannot recall a scene where i didn't turn to look at people laughing with me. he is the perfect actor for this roll because of the way he looks and the way he dressed.<br /><br />The comedic parts were great to see from actors not very big or popular. As you can see people do like this movie it is currently rated 7.9 on IMDb. i think it should be in 250. Lets put it this way i haven't seen this funny of a movie since American pie or the original vacation. see it if you want a laugh. I give this movie 2 of the highest thumbs up i have ever given since i found out about IMDb great movie site.
critique3905 Fun movie! Great for the kids - they found it very entertaining. Somewhat predictable but there are a few surprises. Great movie to watch if you're looking for something just to entertain (don't expect to be seeing a classic!)
critique3906 My mom and I went to the Ft Worth Premiere mainly to see George Strait but ended up getting the chance to see the movie premier at Bass Hall. What a wonderful beautiful film which not only depicts the beautiful Texas landscape but also had a great feel-good storyline. It was well written directed and produced and my mom and I loved it from start to finish!. Thank you Jay for giving us the opportunity to be a part of the premiere of this wonderful movie. It was a night we will never forget. As if seeing the movie was not enough we also were fortunate enough to be sitting 4 rows in front of my favorite singer George Strait!! Thank you Thank you Thank you!! Keep up the great work and again thank you!<br /><br />Debbie McClendon & Maureen Daugherty Ft. Worth TX
critique3907 DON'T EVEN TRY to figure out the logic of this story. But do ride along with 10-year-old Gus on the most bizarre road trip ever witnessed. More weird characters and implausible situations than a Twin Peaks reunion! Nothing makes sense yet it's impossible to stop watching Motorama! Now where can I find that 'R'????
critique3908 this movie is a very relaxed romantic-comedy which is thoroughly enjoyable. Meg Ryan does a very good job as the genius niece of Albert Einstein though she does believe in her own skills. Tim Robbins does an equally good job as the mechanic who falls in love with her when she comes into his shop with her fiancÃƒÂ© after her car stuffs up. I loved Walter Matthau as the one and only Albert Einstein. This movie just has a very relaxing feel to it while still keeping some sort of seriousness to it (if that is actually possible it happens here).<br /><br />I personally found this movie extremely entertaining especially the old scientists - i thought they were fab and hilarious! This movie seems to have been underestimated beyond comprehension. If you have a cheeky sense of humour this is the movie for you!
critique3909 I just love this show.It's so funny and cool.Kuzco is such a hilarious and interesting character I love him.He's the thing that makes this show what it is although Kronk and Yzma are so funny and charming too.Everything about this show is great for me because it always manages to make me laugh no matter if it's only once an episode.It's just so funny and all the characters are so lovable and cool it makes the show worth the time to watch unlike some crap on Disney channel.Give this show a try next time it's on if you've seen the movie and even if you haven't seen the movie you'll find this to be very enjoyable anyway so go ahead.
critique3910 Without doubt Beat Street is the best film about the breakin scene. Everything about it is spot onthe clothes (puma)the music and most importantly the dancing! The storyline is basicbut hey whats there to tell a story about? The whole point of the film is to show what kids of that moment in time were doingwhat mattered to them. It shows that teenagers in general are goodall that mattered to these everyday kids was musicdancing and friendship. Having watched the DVD recently i was plesantly surprised how well it had stood the test of time! The clothes didn't look dated (possibly because Puma is now having a massive comeback)the music still sounds freshand the dancing is still captivating to watch. A film anyone 10-25 years of age should see as part of their youth culture.
critique3911 If you haven't seen this yet you really should on DVD. I can't believe how much I enjoyed it! It is amazingly realistic and believable. True much of it is speculated and I would have liked to have known more about what was speculative and what were proven facts (there aren't many of them) but it handles everything quite well with a "Cruel Mother Nature" theme. It will remind you of the nature programs that you've seen on Animal Planet and the Discovery Channel only the animals here are Dinosaurs. They act natural; they eat kill mate play and fight for survival. You will actually find yourself rooting for some of them and against others.<br /><br />For the most part the effects are excellent. At times they will look a little too much like CGI's but then you will see them in a different angle that makes them look more realistic. In some cases you will actually be convinced that you've seen a dinosaur. My favorites were the Coelophysis the raptors the diplodocus the iguanadons the allosaurus and the arctic bipeds. I was most disappointed with the T-Rex however which looked a little too computer generated at times.<br /><br />In any case you should definitely see this production. It is educational well made and very entertaining. For what it is its an A!
critique3912 This was playing at our theater in Amsterdam and the film we wanted to see was sold-out so we went to this not knowing anything about it other than it was a documentary about the planet. We were very happy at our misfortune as this was a very powerful film about life and the delicate balance we all share with the rest of the inhabitants of Earth. This film has some of the most breathtaking photography I have ever seen in a film and took me places from deserts to oceans to rain forests and displayed things I have never seen in a film TV or book! "Earth" is a film that every student should see before they become jaded. I will encourage my niece to see this film since she will be inheriting the planet we leave her. This is also a film to see on a theater screen or a very big television since the photography is so powerful and exotic.
critique3913 Very sadly I can relate to this movie as I'm 17 and have yet to be kissed so I really feel for Josie. It's been a while since seeing this film but to write this review I re-watched it and remembered everything I loved about it.<br /><br />Drew Barrymore is a great actress and this role suited her really well at the time. The chemistry between Sam and Josie was really good and Michael Vartan was an excellent actor in this.<br /><br />I loved the storyline too - as i said up there I could relate and it's rare you find a film you can completely relate to.<br /><br />All over - I loved it. 7/10
critique3914 It's wartime drama - WWII with French and Jews and Germans but this one is somehow fun earnestly so. Director Jean-Paul Rappeneau co-wrote the script to his well-received film "Bon Voyage" (2003). Unlike director Bertrand Tavernier's "Safe Conduct" aka "Laissez-passer" (2002) w-d Rolf Schubel's "Gloomy Sunday" (1999) or w-d Claude Berri's "Lucie Aubrac" (1997) "Bon Voyage" is as chipper as its title sounds - c'est la vie (whatever) - and we have the beautiful talented Isabelle Adjani to thank for. It is her delightful performance throughout as the center of attraction (and attention) the cause and effect of it all that made the film so enjoyable as it is. Hell what's another derailment of her plan and expectations - will worry about that another time. The backbone of the story does revolve around a pair of young enthusiasts: GrÃƒÂ©gori DerangÃƒÂ¨re as FrÃƒÂ©dÃƒÂ©ric and Virginie Ledoyen (from Francois Ozon's "8 Women") as Camille. The incomparable GÃƒÂ©rard Depardieu the witty Yvan Attal (of "My Wife is An Actress") and versatile Peter Coyote (juggling French English and German here) are some of the stellar cast involved. <br /><br />There are many characters coming and going in this plot of a movie and how it's all juggled is a skilful knack that requires no analysis - Rappeneau is simply a genius. The story just builds upon itself one episode after another or even with overlapping events but never confusing - that's the delight of it all somehow every detail turns out right on the screen and we just lap it all up like a tastily presented French dessert literally so. There's thrills trills tender hesitant moments and taut ominous escapes all playing out in front of our eyes. <br /><br /> From reading the Director's Note on the Sony Pictures Classics' Bon Voyage official site Rappeneau indicated this is his most personal and successful work ever. Depicting Bordeaux 1940 from memories of his childhood years is very much close to his heart and he "had worked and reworked the script for almost 3 years." This film is a labor of love all round the cast and crew complementing the director's passion and a formidable script by collaborative writers along with the director and his son Julien - adaptation efforts by Gilles Marchand Patrick Modiano and JÃƒÂ©rÃƒÂ´me Tonnerre.<br /><br />Music by Gabriel Yared (varied in tone from his previous film scores like "The English Patient" or "Talented Mr. Ripley") who provided a befitting theme that kept the pace and rhythm of the plot going - almost like a train going non-stop reflecting Adjani's Viviane's vivacious energy (even when she's tired) keeping her going as she meets whatever comes walking on with head held high and stylish attire always no looking back let alone time for regrets. <br /><br />Ah mustn't forget the wonderfully translated skilful subtitles by Ian Burley who also did subtitles for films in Italian: "Bread and Tulips" (2000) aka Pane e tulipani "The Last Kiss" (2001) aka L'ultimo bacio and Tom Tykwer's "Heaven" (2002).<br /><br />If you find this much too light a wartime relationship drama try w-d MÃƒÂ¤x FÃƒÂ¤berbÃƒÂ¶ck's "AimÃƒÂ©e and Jaguar" (1999 in German based on a true story) with brilliant performances from Juliane KÃƒÂ¶hler as AimÃƒÂ©e and Maria Schrader as Jaguar.
critique3915 Well when watching this film late one night I was simple amazed by it's greatness. Fantastic script great acting costumes and special effects and the plot twists wow!! In fact if you can see the ending coming you should become a writer yourself.<br /><br />Great I would recommend this film to anyone especially if I don;t like them much.<br /><br />Terrific
critique3916 In this documentary we meet Roger the rich manager of a factory in China that makes beads and other trinkets sold and traded at Mardi Gras in New Orleans. Roger claims the factory girls love their work and are grateful for the opportunities it provides but interviews with four of them tell quite another story. The girls' bleak lives are shown in stark contrast to the bizarre excesses of Mardi Gras itself. Filmmaker David Redmon should be lauded for getting excellent and rare footage of everyday life inside a Chinese factory compound and for landing a revealing on-camera interview with the head of the U.S. company that imports and sells the beads. The movie is compellingly told and clearly serves its purpose as a window into what lies behind those ubiquitous "Made in China" labels.
critique3917 This is a most handsome film. The color photography is beautiful as it shows the lavishness of the Metropolitan Opera House in brilliant color. Other indoor scenes at various mansions etc are equally brilliant. As for the music what more can be said other than that Lanza's voice was at its' peak as he sang so many of the worlds' best known and beloved arias. The marvelous Dorothy Kirsten is also a joy as her soprano voice blends with that of Lanza in delightful harmony. Of course Hollywood took their customary liberties with the life story of Caruso. There is precious little in the story line that relates to actual events. For example the facts relating to his death are totally fabricated and bear no relationship to the truth. There are some very good web sites that tell the true story of Caruso and contain several pictures of him. These web sites can be located by using any good search engine. There are also several books available concerning his life history. But the fictional story line does nothing to mar this beautiful film. The voices of Lanza Kirsten and the chorus members are the real stars of this movie. Enjoy I know that I sure did.
critique3918 I was amazingly impressed by this movie. It contained fundamental elements of depression grief loneliness despair hope dreams and companionship. It wasn't merely about a genius musician who hit rock bottom but it was about a man caught up in grief trying drastically to find solace within his music. He finds a companion who comes with her own issues. Claire and Des were able to provide each other with friendship and love but more importantly a conclusion to events which had shaped their life for the worst. <br /><br />Des is an unlikely character by todays standards of a rock star. Yet he has musical genius. He also has an event in his past that has made him stagnate while things around him literally go to ruins. His focus is creating his Whale Music in fact it becomes an obsession for him.<br /><br />Claire is the streetwise kid that needs a place to stay. She finds hidden talents while being in Des company. She also finds a mutual friend that accepts her. She learns to trust him over a period of time.<br /><br />These two find love with one another. Not the mind blowing sex infused kind of passion but a love where friendship and understanding means more. For two people who have been hurt they find trust together.
critique3919 I liked this movies. Its a another Yash raj film which you know will look good on screen all character are always nice or very nice with one exception who you know will eventually covert to being nice... Another rule of Yash raj's film is that either hero or heroine;s have only one or none parent. Think back to all of those films.. MPK Suman didn't have mom HMAPK Salman didn't have parents AND FINAL rule is that you are 90% likely to see Alock Nath crying...<br /><br />The film is good too. Its a bit slow at first but keeps you entertained. There is almost no comedy but it does make you smile often enough. The little kid (hero's nephew) is well placed and deliver very good one liners. The actress is very pretty but shy you wouldn't get that in real life. this film doesn't have massively big happy families living in BIG house which I thou was a good Idea and allowed the film to be differentiated from other films. There will be lots of women crying at the end of the film. There isn't a strong message from this film but its a good watch. If you are married (arranged marriage)the film will remind you of what you went through. And if you are not it will inform and may be scare you ...<br /><br />Overall a very good looking film. No big plots or twists but a very gentle film very much like Bollywood classic.
critique3920 For late-80s cheese this really isn't so bad. There are a lot of pretty funny throwaway one-liners ("That was grand theft!" - "Thanks!") and Madonna gives a fine performance; nothing award-worthy here but that goes for Razzies as well as Oscars. I'm curious to know if the movie would have been better received if she had used her regular (pre-British influenced) speaking voice rather than the hyper-Bronxy accent used instead. Oh well. As a side note I got to meet one of the actors who played one of the motorcycle cops through my work; he said that it was a fun film to work on but gave me the sad news that the actor who played Buck the UPS delivery guy died about a year after Who's That Girl
critique3921 I was not only an extra in this movie I got to see it in Boston to a sold out cinema. Over a thousand Boston Red Sox / Farrelly fans jammed themselves into a movie theater near Boston Common to watch a comedy....about them....Red Sox fanatics! Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon star is this cute comedy about love and lust. The love is between the two young lovers. The lust is for the Red Sox winning the world series. Although Fallon is not a great actor he is the best actor for the role. He is funny enough and gets the most laughs. Barrymore on the other hand is the same old Barrymore. At times I felt supporting actress Ione Skye would have been a better actor for the role. All in all all Boston Red Sox fans will love this movie. For the rest of the world this is just a funny movie.
critique3922 A beautiful reflection of life's desperation and misdirection of finding love. Tragic while at the same time absurdly entertaining. Most people do not give this film a chance- ignorance- just a mere reflection in itself. Until next time...
critique3923 I Loved this movie. Mark Blankfield was perfect for this role. More Classic sci/fie/Horror films should be remade to this comedy level which is at the very top of the line in my opinion. A no drink movie you laugh so hard you will spill it all over yourself. Can We expect more? Let's hope so. I would like to suggest many movies for this type of remake. Mel Brookes made some remakes of classic films.He made some very strong contributions. A Picture of Dorian Gray would be a good suggestion. I hope some producer or director can get into the idea and bring us new comedy to our screens. we are needing a good insurgence of comedy to keep our level of laughter higher than ever before. A good Comedy FIX.
critique3924 From what I've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film compared to Part 1. Initially I could understand this but after a bit of thought I think they are wrong to be. Soderbergh continues his fact based telling of Che's life that he started in Part 1. Part 1 told a story of a revolution moving from unpromising beginnings to an ultimately successful conclusion. Part 2 tells a story of a revolution that moves from unpromising beginnings to a completely unsuccessful conclusion. It is not Soderbergh's fault that these 2 parts of Che's life had completely different outcomes. He bravely chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way. The viewer may feel a lot better coming out of the cinema after Part 1 than Part 2 but that is the reality of Che's life and not in my opinion any fault of the director. The film is far from perfect. It is probably too long. At least in Part 1 we saw different aspects of the war as the guerrillas had successes. In Part 2 they can't catch a break and we see their numbers constantly being reduced by death and capture. Che's capture and death are dealt with well. The film is greatly enhanced by the dialogue being in Spanish. Benicio Del Toro is again excellent as the charismatic Argentinian. So if you've seen Part 1 you will see a very similar telling of a very different story in Part 2.
critique3925 I work at a movie store and as such I am always on the look-out for an excellent movie. I decided to check out Nothing as it sat in our Canadian section and I've been trying to support my country's movie industry. I was in for a surprise. The film features David Hewlett and Andrew Miller in a highly entertaining story that seems to delve into so much of our minds and relationships...without working that hard. It is consistently comedic through the interaction of the two characters as well as some funny exchanges ("We can't be dead we have cable!"). What more can I say without noting that it is worth a shot even if you abandon it within the first half an hour.
critique3926 On September 11th 2001 millions were killed; but 2819 lives ended in an especially gruesome manner. They were the victim of a plane hijacking by extremists whose sole mission was to destroy buildings but more importantly people. This film takes an in-depth look at four people whose lives were cut short by this disastrous event and one man whose life was shattered by the loss of their lives.<br /><br />Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler) a former dentist living in New York loses his wife and three children on September 11th as they were on their way to Los Angeles. Emotionally annihilated by the events he eventually loses touch with everyone who reminds him of his former life; including his in-laws and his best friend (played respectively by Robert Klein Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender). He goes into completely denial and does his best to forget about his former life. This continues until he runs into his old college friend Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle) who Fineman doesn't seem to remember. The two begin to catch up but Fineman believes Johnson was sent by people from his former life to persuade him into finding help. Slowly but surely Fineman regains his trust for Johnson.<br /><br />While all this is happening Alan Johnson's life is going down the wrong path. He is a self man (dentist) who helps start a dental practice. One day a patient of his named Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) attempts to make a move on him telling him that she would like to perform oral sex for him. This is an unwelcome surprise to Dr. Johnson since he is a married man with two children. As he is coming home from work on a particular workday he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to flag him down. He is unsuccessful but he gets another opportunity and persuades Fineman to get a come of coffee with him to catch up despite the fact that Fineman doesn't know who he is.<br /><br />One of the most interesting things about this movie is its use of music as a motif. One of Fineman's physiological crutches is music particularly Springsteen and other classic rock artists. When Fineman is asked to open up about his past or to talk about things he finds unpleasant he puts on his earphones and drowns out the world with things his music.<br /><br />When the film was over I had me thinking: how would I cope with the loss of my family? How would I deal with such a tragic events. It's something we don't really think about too often. We always think they'll be there and we often take them for granted whether we intend to or not. We usually realize how important they are when it's too late; and a blow like that can destroy someone physically emotionally and physiologically. I really don't know how I would be able to deal with something like that. Would I face the problem head on cope and move on with my life or would I just put my headphones on and block the world?
critique3927 A very credible and unsettling movie portraying the effects of war on the general public Shame gives us a chilling understanding oh Ingmar Bergman's beliefs. The absence of color and sound (as in a soundtrack) helps to give the film a more realistic feeling. There is no soft or hard lighting or a variety of camera angles to give the story a charming or dramatic effect. Everything is very simply portrayed as it would be in reality. At times the storyline was confusing but perhaps in order to give a sense of the characters' frame of mind Ã‚Â– how they too do now know what is happening or why. The simplicity of the film made it somewhat boring but I could understand how the director is trying not to glamorize the story and points. He depicted the harsh and unsettling events and effects of war. In the beginning the characters were introduced and shown as content with the lighter settings and very long drawn-out shots. When all of a sudden the war struck upon them they were much darker and quiet with less intimate shots. Bergman did a good job on allowing us to be consumed by the war ourselves and presenting an image of it the so adequately corresponded to war. Although the storyline itself was not too impressive the content of the film was.
critique3928 Stan & Ollie become SAPS AT SEA when their wayward little boat is commandeered by a vicious murderer.<br /><br />The Boys are wonderful in this feature which starts out with one of their most hilarious set pieces the horn factory. Always a few steps out of sync with the rest of Creation Laurel & Hardy inhabit a world where icy radios & bedded billy goats are the rule not the exception. With its brief length the film is more in style with their classic short subjects which explains its episodic nature.<br /><br />Only the Boys get screen credit but movie mavens will recognize other familiar faces: James Finlayson appears as a loony doctor Richard Cramer does full justice to his bad guy role sweet Mary Gordon plays the Boys' perplexed neighbor. That's Charlie Hall as the apartment house desk clerk and silent screen comic Ben Turpin portrays a most peculiar plumber.<br /><br />One of the film's script writers was silent comedian Harry Langdon.<br /><br />Stan & Ollie are the main focus however. Watching Hardy go berserk at the sound of a horn or Laurel's antics with bananas for instance reminds the viewer why these fellows remain absolute cinematic giants.
critique3929 The Stunts sequences (as well as the Special Effects) are Brilliant in this movie. Michael Scherer must be one of Canadas BEST Stunt Co-ordinators of all time. The explosion in the CafÃƒÂ© is a wonderful combination of Stunts Special Effects AND Visual Effects. The Director HAD an idea that the Crew managed to create on film.<br /><br />Besides that; Donald Sutherland makes one of his best performances in this film.......
critique3930 This movie is a haunting telling of the life of the author and poet Mishima. It jumps around through his past through his last day and through some of his stories but is expertly constructed as it moves from section to section. It captures the flavor of the man his work and of his times...the difficult 1960s.<br /><br />I think the most wonderful parts (literally full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works. The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized beautiful and effective. They could be used as exemplars for any set designer. I woke up at night dreaming of the Golden Pagoda. <br /><br />The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art. After watching this film I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art poetry theater politics or Japanese history.
critique3931 Wasn't sure what to expect from this movie considering its amazing collection of stars and directors but in the end it didn't disappoint.<br /><br />For me one of the highlights was the final episode with the American tourist speaking with a dreadful French accent (which made me feel better about mine) which was actually quite touching and a great way to wrap up the movie.<br /><br />The story of the paramedic and the stabbing victim was also very moving and for pure comedy the Coen Brothers and Steve Buscemi take the award. The Tom Tykwer clip was also impressive although rather ambitious in its scope.<br /><br />However the Bob Hoskins segment was totally cringeworthy and the vampire story was completely farcical. The dialogue in Wes Craven's section also felt very forced and the Chinatown story was completely incomprehensible.<br /><br />On the whole this film is worth watching for the good bits and has a strong finish. It's not too painful to sit through the bad sections - they only last 5 minutes anyway.<br /><br />Ca vaut la peine!!!
critique3932 Stylish moody innovative revenge-driven bloodbath. Also cheesy of course and sporadically very cheesy. It reminded me a lot of The Big Heat because it has the revenge plot set off by the exact same event and the girl comes around to the good guy's side because of the same bad behavior by the bad guy. It's sad there's no Gloria Grahame but so fantastic that it's Alain Delon and not Glenn Ford. Could there be anyone as beautiful as Alain going around in a cashmere sweater and trenchcoat? Yet he's totally tough and icy cool. No one nowadays can touch him--though someone like Jude Law could try I guess. Hard for any girl to look good with him. The music was funky and perfect and there were several excellent car chases (and those aren't generally my cup of tea)--especially one willy nilly one in the woods. People also met their dooms in creative and bloody fashion for instance in a junkyard cruncher. But beyond the cheese the overall atmosphere was affecting and expertly pulled off. More creativity excitement and freshness in that "forgotten" movie than most of what I've seen lately.
critique3933 This was one of my favorite shows when I was a kid. It had it all--music stories a talking squirrel and chuckling daisies. I wanted to be one of those hippie chicks singing and swinging on a swing. I'm 35 and I grew up in South Jersey but we got three New York channels with our cable hook-up and I think it was on Channel 11. They just don't make shows like this anymore (I know that makes me sound really old) and it blows my mind that I grew up with only 9 channels on our TV but I could always find something cool to watch. I've only talked to one other person who actually heard of and watched this show. She's three years younger than me and she grew up in North Jersey. I would love to see this series on DVD so I could show it to my 5 year old daughter and she could see what silly (but great) stuff her mom used to watch! I just found a VHS tape of a few episodes and a music CD from the show on ebay and I bought them right up even though they were a little pricey. I can't wait to get them to re-live the great memories!
critique3934 I didn't give this movie a perfect score in order to be honest in comparing to great classics like "Citizen Kane" and "Seven Samaurai." However this movie is so all-around wonderful it's a real shame it scores so poorly for the general IMDb voter. However the IMDb voter leans to the geeky and "Paulie" doesn't qualify for that.<br /><br />The only acting criticism I might suggest is that Hallie Kate Eisenberg didn't portray the perfect stuttering child. I'm sorry but asking a 6 year-old child to out-do Dustin Hoffman as the Rainman is asking for the impossible in film-making.<br /><br />Moving past that minor complaint the movie has the best of many films: buddy road-trip con-games hero as friendly party-animal (party-bird?) Disney-like humor for young and old etc. What's not to like? Tony Shaloub wears his role like a pair of comfortable jeans. That's normal for him it seems. ("I'm Russian... I LIKE long stories.) I don't like mangoes but he almost makes me want to go out and buy one. Watch the movie and that will make sense.<br /><br />Buddy Hackett and Cheech Marin make very appropriate appearances in the film. Roles that are quite fitting to what we all know about them. I have always found Jay Mohr to be a bit slimy and his on-screen role fits that as well. The only surprise to me was finding that Jay was also Paulie's voice. In the end even that works well; put Parrot and anti-Parrot together as a team and it creates a magic of its own.<br /><br />If you are trying to find a film for you and the kids that is neither insulting nor boring for either "Paulie" is a perfect candidate. I will however admit that a happy moment colors my review of "Paulie." I was on a road-trip during a major heat-wave. The car's air-conditioning died half the restaurants had dead cooling (as did our hotel) and I said "let's watch a movie where there is working air-conditioning." So we did. So for 100 minutes we were cooled amused and given a heart-warming experience. When I saw it recently on VCR under less emotional circumstances I realized just how well this movie was made.<br /><br />It's a sleeper film you won't regret watching.
critique3935 I for one absolutely loved this movie.<br /><br />It is not a "typical Asian horror" where you would see a gruesome looking ghost (usually a woman) that is going around scaring people. You barely see any ghosts for a majority of the film but the way this movie keeps you interested in the plot and characters is genius. This is not the movie for you if you're into gore (e.g. Saw Hostel) or "surprise scares" where stuff pops out at you (Hollywood horror slasher films) but this movie has an underlying "creepy" factor throughout the entire movie which I loved. Noroi is a progressive and somewhat experimental approach to horror amongst the ridiculous remakes and unoriginal crap being released by Hollywood in today's society.<br /><br />Please don't let the documentary-style of filming turn you off (why should it?!). It is far superior to the Blair Witch Project because for one the acting in Noroi is brilliant and it really makes you really feel like you're watching something you're not supposed to be seeing.<br /><br />Noroi is definitely one of the best horror movies I have ever seen. Only a few films have made it into my Top 5 horror; and this movie holds a solid #1 spot on my list.
critique3936 This is the magnum opus from the Swedish king of crap Mats-Helge Olsson. Seldom has a movie of this magnitude been made in Sweden and it truly stands out as one of the most amazing achievements in Swedish film to date. Who pays for these things? <br /><br />The Russian nuclear scientist Markov wants to defect to Sweden. But his plans are ruined by the Russian military who kidnap him and tell him that he has arrived in Sweden. This trickery is their way of seeing to that Markov continues his work in nuclear physics that will revolutionize the energy supply for the whole planet. The CIA however is bent on getting Markov to the west and send their ninja to liberate him.<br /><br />The practice of having Swedish actors speaking English is something that Mats-Helge has perfected in his later works. The cheap b-movie feeling this creates is probably unmatched for performance. But besides this? Well the action is standard direct-to-video style. Machine guns firing huge clouds of smoke. Thousands of Russians dying. People running around in black ninja suits trying to hide in the snow.<br /><br />What really stands out though is the insanely poor way the fighting scenes are choreographed. When they say "Ninja" in the title i expect martial arts i expect close combat. But there are maybe two or three scenes of actual martial arts in this movie. And they are hilarious. It's so bad i lack the words to describe it. If the ninjas moved any slower their hearts would stop. And of course the whole movie ends in a bang that indicates a special-effects budget consisting of four food-stamps and a McDonald's voucher.<br /><br />So what's the verdict? Instant classic of course. Never before has a movie been made that is so obviously meant to be consumed along with huge amounts of alcohol. It's the ultimate party movie. Insert into video and laugh. One just has to realize that movies like these are not made any more. This is film history.<br /><br />Therefore the rating is 8/10 for entertainment 1/10 for quality and 10/10 for accents.
critique3937 French production in which leading film directors from 11 countries were invited to create 11-minute short films conveying their reflections on the events of September 11.<br /><br />The film segments vary widely in content and quality. Two allude to U.S. complicity in terrorist acts (in Chile against Allende who died on September 11 1973 depicted in the segment by British director Ken Loach; and in Palestine by U.S.-backed Israelis shown in the segment from Egyptian director Youssef Chahine). Two more recall other destructive acts (a Palestinian suicide bombing in Tel Aviv shot by Israeli director Amos Gitan; the Japanese "holy war" against the west in WW II by Shohei Imamura).<br /><br />Ironies abound in several stories. Shadows that darken the New York City apartment of a grieving old man suddenly disappear as the World Trade towers telescope to the ground in Sean Penn's piece bringing the man momentary joy. But in this bright light he can finally see that his wife is really gone. In Mira Nair's film based on a real incident a missing young man also in New York City the son of a Pakistani family is first presumed to be a fugitive terrorist but later he proves to a hero who sacrificed himself trying to save others in the towers.<br /><br />There are poignant moments dotted throughout. Loach has his exiled Chilean man quote St. Augustine to the effect that hope is built of anger and courage: anger at the way things are courage to change them. Imamura tells us that there is no such thing as a holy war. Samira Makhmalbaf shows a teacher with her very young Afghan schoolchildren exiled in Iran trying to tell them about the events that have just transpired in New York. But they are understandably more impressed with a major event in their refugee camp where two men have fallen into a deep well one killed the other sustaining a broken leg. This is comprehensible tragedy on a grand scale for the 6 year olds. <br /><br />Idrissa Ouedraogo from Burkina Faso creates a drama in which the son of an ailing woman spots Osama bin Laden in their village and gathers his buddies to help capture the fugitive terrorist in order to get the $25 million U. S. reward. He tells his friends not to let any of the adults know their plans for the older folks would merely waste the money on cars and cigarettes while he plans to help his mother and others who are sick and destitute.<br /><br />It is Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (maker of "Amores Perros") who provides by far the most powerful and chilling segment one that for the most part shows only a darkened screen with audio tape loops of chanting and voices and occasional thudding sounds. Brief visual flashes gradually permit us to see bodies falling from the high floors of the towers and it dawns on us that the thuds are these bodies hitting the ground. The sequence ends with elegiac orchestral music and a still shot bearing a phrase first shown only in Arabic then with a translation added: "Does God's light guide us or blind us?" (In various languages with English subtitles) Grade: 8/10 (B+). (Seen on 10/31/04). If you'd like to read more of my reviews send me a message for directions to my websites.
critique3938 This movie is my all time favorite!!! You really have to see Michael Jackson in this wonderful film!! I'm always over the moon watching it!! This is a film that you really have to see also if you aren't a MJ Fan cause this film writes like Captain EO E.T. and Ghosts a bit of Film and music History!! This wonderful film out of Michael's feather is a must have!! And: Smooth Criminal is really the most wonderful exciting and amazing song I've ever heard in my life!! Thank you Michael for this film and I love you!!! MJ's the best musician to hit this planet he's a fine man and he always brings sparkles in your eyes when you listen to his music!! Please if you don't know this film watch it and don't miss it because would be too bad for yourself if you'd miss it!! -Highly Recommanded film for every movie lover-
critique3939 This is the kind of film that might give you a nightmare besides that it's a lot of fun.<br /><br />Hardware Wars is the only good spoof on Star Wars other films like Spaceballs have failed. This is the only good spoof film I have ever seen it doesn't rip-off Star Wars it makes fun of it and that's what spoofs are supposed to be.
critique3940 Well I'm an Italian horror big fan and I love movies from directors such Argento Fulci Bava Sr and Bava Jr only to quote the most famous. "La villa delle anime maledette" is one of the most unknown movie of this genre shot when this kind of cinema began its crisis that continues still today and director Carlo Ausino sounds totally new to my ears (althoug he directed six movies... this is the price Italian directors have to pay to not work in Rome...) . But the film is not so bad. And it's absolutely not correct to talk about "trash". OK the plot is not so original; it reminds me stuff like the Amytville series (the year is the same of "Amityville Possession" by Damiano Damiani) or "Shock" the last work of Mario Bava. But you have to think that this is the movie of a cinematographer (like Mario Bava movies); so the most important thing is the atmosphere not the story or the characters; atmosphere very well created by the use of light and by the camera movement. The rest remain in the background. I think the movie works; not so good but works; it's surely better than a lot of Hollywoodian production like "the Haunting" which have a bigger budget but not bigger ideas...
critique3941 This picture was released in May of 1979 starring Playboy Playmate Susan Kiger as Honey Shayne Playboy Playmate Lisa London as O'Hara and Playboy Playmate Pamela Jean Bryant as Terri Lynn. In one of the most delicious sec comedies in drive-in history a bevy of bouncing young lovelies all come together in a tale of battling bikinied sorority sisters who will stop at nothing to bare everything. So what does H.O.T.S really stand for? You're going to have to watch the movie to get the answer. You see the girls are having there problems with the society girls on campus that make them out to be nothing but sex craved maniacs. Therefore the girls set out to discredit the society girls no matter what they have to do to get the job done. In addition cut up in this mess is the Dean of the college who wants to dismantle the group of girls before they grow out of control. I loved this movie especially Lisa London. I thought her acting was fantastic and I'm disappointed that she didn't get other acting jobs. Based on the three playmates alone I give this movie 10 weasel stars.
critique3942 Cinderella is a beautiful young woman who is treated cruelly by her wicked stepmother and stepsisters. One day a ball is to be held in honor of the prince but Cinderella has no chance of going because her stepmother and stepsisters won't let her. With the help of her fairy godmother and her animal friends she is off to the ball with the warning to return home by midnight. At the ball she meets the handsome Prince Charming. When the clock strikes midnight she runs home leaving behind one of her glass slippers. With the help of her animal friends her true identity is revealed. She and the prince later get married and they live happily ever after.<br /><br />Cinderella released 56 years ago was a huge box office success and it continues to charm audiences to this day. It has a well-written script. The characters are memorable. The songs including "A Dream is A Wish Your Heart Makes" "So This Is Love" and the great "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo" help tell the story. This was my favorite movie growing up and it hasn't lost any of its charm. A true Disney masterpiece! Recommended. 10/10 P.S. The recent DVD release is the best way to appreciate this film including featurettes deleted scenes music video vintage radio programs and a restored print of the movie!
critique3943 The film as entertainment is very good and Jimmy Stewart is excellent as Chip Hardesty with well done co-starring turns by Vera Miles and Murray Hamilton. But the film directed by legendary director Mervyn Leroy was constantly vetted and script approval as well as every aspect of the film down to clothing was closely watched and controlled by J. Edgar Hoover. Not that J. Edgar Hoover didn't have something to be proud of. His management of the bureau from 1924 to his death crated on of the finest investigative services in the world. But by 1959 Hoover was already beginning to worry about being forced out and had already started to collect dossiers on powerful people to make sure and protect his little kingdom. And he was determined to make sure that no motion picture showed even a single wart about the bureau. The films shows only continued successes and glosses over the failures which occurred and the bureau's part in the witch hunts of the early 1950's. Enjoy the story but with tongue firmly in cheek.
critique3944 A really cool flick. A must for any music snob. You don't really have to know about the bands to enjoy the movie. Before the movie I only heard only two songs from the Dandy Warhols. The only thing is required is an open mind. <br /><br />The movie centers around the Brian Jonestown Massacre. The Dandy Warhols have a role in the film as the 'rival band' but they are second fiddle to the BJM. The Dandy Warhols don't play as big of a role in the film as I originally guessed but then again they didn't have the element of excitement and unpredictability of the BJM.You can't help but be fascinated by the band and its very charismatic front man Anton Newcombe. By itself it's an insightful film and study on the music industry. Just watch this film and enjoy.
critique3945 This movie sets out to do something very particular it also sets out not to do certain things. In short it has a definite premeditated trajectory - to deal with the idea of facing death (with very few choices and all of them bad) as grave and real rather than something casual or amusing. In search of that realism it has eschewed certain conventions such as obvious character arcs and hooks. It not about the characters so much as about the human condition. Never mind what the actors would do... what would YOU do in their situation? <br /><br />Open Water may have been a starting notion for this movie but it goes a lot further. Unlike that film it doesn't cheat the audience in the end when you find out there aren't really any sharks to speak of at all. This has a real monster not just the idea of a monster and not just an animated stand in. It also has fine production values given what these very resourceful filmmakers had to work with. And again in contrast to that other film it has some exhilarating and brilliantly rendered action at it's climax. And let's not forget the shall we say 'dazzling' screen presence of its youngest star. She may prove to be quite a discovery.
critique3946 Brit director Chrstopher Nolan now has a career in America and a reputation for making movies both popular and critically acclaimed; but this small film was where he started. And it certainly showcased his talent with its striking black-and-white cinematography and achronological storytelling that prefigures his later 'Momento' albeit in a less extreme way. Thematically and mechanistically the plot reminded me of David Mamet's 'House of Games' but the film still feels fresh and sharp right up to the final twist of the ending whose flavour was expected but whose pointedness is unexpectedly delicious. The acting on the other hand is not quite in the same class - the film has a stylised quality and possibly to a greater extent than the director intended. But it's still a fine debut simultaneously claustrophobic and beguiling.
critique3947 Like many I first saw The Water Babies as a child/young teen in the late seventies/early eighties. It has remained with me since then with its catchy tunes memorable portrayals less-then-successful animation and a story full of heart coldness and ultimately good vanquishing evil. Recently I sat down and saw it again after at least two decades passing and I noticed THIS time around its striking similarities to The Wizard of Oz. No these aren't blatant likenesses but hear me out. In this one we have a boy and his dog - having personal problems at "home" running away from something and in the scene right after they run away changing the substance of their appearance. In This one the boy and dog become animated. In The Wizard of Oz Dorothy and Toto are in color. In this one the boy and dog are told they must find the Water Babies for answers and then ultimately the Kracken for guidance and he has the ability to let Tom go home if he shows he has courage etc... In The Wizard of Oz Dorothy must also find an authoritative figure that tests her before he will allow her to return home. In the Water Babies Tom meets three characters that will help him on his journey to the Water Babies - Dorothy has three helpers as well. When each helper is met we are entertained with a rendering of "Hi Hi Hi Hi HI Cockallorum...We're on our way." In the Wizard it is "We're off to see the wizard." Dorothy has a good witch sort of look after her; Tom has a woman with many roles(Billie Whitelaw) do the same. If you look closely at the two there are many other likenesses. That being said The Water Babies is not a knockoff in any way I was just commenting on the eerie likes between the two. This film has some solid performances from bad guys Bernard Cribbins and the always fascinating James Mason. The kids playing Tom and Ella are good. The supporting cast of Joan Greenwood(love her voice!) David Tomlinson and the vocal talents of John Pertwee and Lance Percival add greatly to the mix. I must confess that the animation is less than sterling even for its time but is adequate enough to the challenge. The three animated characters that help Tom get home are all likable. I always have trouble picking my favorite between the French swordfish and the John Inman/Mr. Humphries like seahorse. The scene where we hear this guttural maniacal laugh from a shipwrecked vessel only to see a seahorse with a huge polka-dotted bow-tie bob out always has me rolling! The Water Babies is a lot of fun. Sure it is more of a children's film but it has and always shall have a fond place in my heart. The bulk of the credit for what successes the film does have must go to director Lionel Jeffries. Jeffries is a wonderful comedic actor and his sense of humor is clearly evident throughout.
critique3948 It's a testament to Gosha's incredible film-making prowess that he was able to complete both Hitokiri and his stunning masterpiece Goyokin in the same year 1969. And it's a testament to how criminally underrated he remains for the general public (compared to media darlings like the great Akira Kurosawa) that both Hitokiri and Goyokin have received less than 500 votes between the two of them.<br /><br />Shintaro Katsu is Okada Izo: mad dog killer loyal to the Tosha clan and their boss Takechi played by another genre stalwart Tatsuya Nakadai. The Tosha clan was part of a larger alliance that supported the Emperor against the flailing Shogunate. The historical backdrop is fairly accurate - with Japan's increasing political turmoil between imperialists and the Tokugawa and the pressure by the West to end a 300 year social and political seclusion. It helps a lot to know a thing or two about Japanese history and what eventually led to the Meiji Restoration and the abolition of the Tokugawa Shogunate but it's not essential by any means. The movie was made primarily for a Japanese audience so certain things are taken for granted but it flows very well for the uninitiated as well.<br /><br />As one would expect from a Hideo Gosha film in his golden years (the late 60's) the visual palette is breathtaking the use of external and internal symbolism hiding behind pictorial beauty. Style however is never decorative for Gosha - it is always employed in the service of story. <br /><br />And speaking of story Hitokiri is dominated both literally and figuratively by the tortured main character Izo Okada. As most chambara protagonists Izo finds himself in a moral double-bind torn between giri (obligation) and ninjo (natural impulse) - although it takes a while for him to realize what exactly his giri is. In the first half of the movie Izo is trying for social self-advancement. Lofty aspirations of social rank and marriage with an aristocrat's daughter - a great progression for someone coming from a farmer's background in the rigid social caste system of 19th century Japan. <br /><br />The turning point for Izo is when he realizes at what cost self-advancement comes the loss of identity and by consequence the loss of self. It is at that point that he undergoes a very symbolic transformation from a famous swordsman of the Tosha Clan to a "nameless" drifter without past or future Torazo the Vagrant. Although not technically nameless and not a genre drifter in Yojimbo's mold it is the loss of his former self and the cast off of ego ambition and self-dillusion that allows Izo to see things as they really are and redeem himself. <br /><br />Hitokiri ends (which I won't reveal here) in the best way any story can end: both positive and negative with a deeply ironic twist that gives Izo the last laugh a last sardonic remark in the face of death.
critique3949 On a dark gloomy New Year's Eve night an ill nurse her life slowly ebbing away demands that David Holm be presented to her at once. We don't yet know who David Holm is or why this nurse wishes to see him but her only dying wish is to speak with him just one more time. On the other side of the town nestled comfortably amongst the gravestones of the local cemetery Holm (Victor SjÃƒÂ¶strÃƒÂ¶m who also directed) and two of his drunken associates merrily await the coming of the New Year. "Here we can tell just when to drink the New Year in" exclaims Holm casting a finger towards the large clock tower that looms through the darkness. Little does he know however that he will not be alive to greet it.<br /><br />To pass the time Holm cheerfully recites a ghost story. He'd once had a friend name George "a merry fellow" who was "smarter than the rest of us." On one New Year's Eve several years ago George has broken up a potentially disastrous brawl fearing that the final man to draw his last breath before midnight would be condemned to drive the phantom chariot for the next year doing Death's bidding and collecting the souls of the deceased. "And gentlemen George died last New Year's Eve!" concludes Holm happily not bothering to contain his mocking skepticism of the man's beliefs.<br /><br />As fate has it of course an unexpected violent encounter results in Holm's death just on the stroke of midnight. As the man's transparent spirit rises gingerly from his earthly body he witnesses to his horror the distant approach of a phantom carriage. The driver a frail cloaked figure - a sickle clasped tightly in his hand - steps down from the carriage and approaches. We are astonished to discover that the driver is none other than a decrepit George preparing to pass on his ghastly duty to this year's successor.<br /><br />Considering the era in which 'KÃƒÂ¶rkarlen' is made the special effects in this film are absolutely superb. Cinematographer Julius Jaenzon used double-exposure photography to create the eerie ghostly silhouette of the carriage and its damned driver. Even today the end result is highly effective. A particularly impressive scene involves the phantom chariot travelling to the ocean floor to retrieve the soul of a drowned man. Another scene eerily reminiscent of Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) in Stanley Kubrick's 'The Shining' involves Holm breaking down the kitchen door with an axe in order to reach his fleeing wife and children.<br /><br />Genuinely ominous and unsettling in its execution Victor SjÃƒÂ¶strÃƒÂ¶m's 'KÃƒÂ¶rkarlen' is a fine work of cinema successfully portraying Holm's steady alcoholic decline his inevitable day of judgment and a final hopeful possibility of redemption.
critique3950 There have been countless talking-animal films in the past the majority of which either feature animals' mouths digitally animated to nearly match the voice acting or are ridiculously amateur. 'Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey' is neither.<br /><br />This film doesn't need the infant-pleasing addition of moving canine lips or gesturing feline limbs. It has the ability to make you believe that the animals are authentically talking to one another and you can get rather emotionally attached to them at heart (as all great boy-and-and-his-dog films should).<br /><br />Homeward Bound is the epitome of all family-friendly animal romps to me and boasts some beautiful cinematography an inspiring soundtrack (from the genius of Bruce Broughton) and an impressive cast...<br /><br />Michael J. Fox ... Chance<br /><br />Sally Field ... Sassy<br /><br />Don Ameche ... Shadow<br /><br />Frank Welker (Voice God) ... Various<br /><br />It is a modernised version of the children's classic work of fiction 'The Incredible Journey' which was made into a semi-documentary film by Disney long long ago in 1963. The sequel (Lost in San Fransisco) isn't nearly as good a film but extends the adventure of my favourite furry-footed friends and is a fun urban-twist on the grand-outdoor-adventure theme. Want to entertain your children with a witty pretty heart-warming mini-epic without the idiotic and often utterly ridiculous comedy of modern children's cinema? Parents buy all three films for your children - now! Thank you Disney for bringing a tear to my eyes with each time I watch this early-90s classic!
critique3951 Fantastic movie! One of the best film noir movies ever made. Bad guys bad girls a jewel heist a twisted morality a kidnapping everything is here. Jean Servais has a face that would make Bogart proud and the rest of the cast is is full of character actors who seem to to know they're onto something good. Get some popcorn and have a great time.
critique3952 Terrific deeply moving crime thriller starring Andy Lau and Lau Ching Wan.<br /><br />From the dizzying opening sequence to the extremely satisfying conclusion this cat and mouser hardly misses a beat.<br /><br />Johnny To again working with ace composer Arthur Wong constructs another operatic actioner that grots in the face of its contemporaries.<br /><br />To's images are strong and moving. His cutting combined with the extraordinary music cues is exemplary. You are in the hands of a master cinematician.<br /><br />The two sequences in which Andy Lau "hides" from the cops on a bus by pretending to accompany a lithe beauty (Ruby Wong) are testament to To's unique directorial skills.<br /><br />Lau Ching Wan is strong and commanding as the harassed cop while Andy Lau is dynamic as a dying man avenging his father's death.<br /><br />This is superb movie-making only mildly compromised by some bad English dubbing in one scene with criminal Waise Lee.
critique3953 Las Vegas is very funny and focuses on the substance.....<br /><br />The sets are amazing and the scenes outside are breathtaking; the characters are all very fun and cool.<br /><br />The women are a plus....<br /><br />Holly Sims is lovable as the daughter of James Caan who heads the security of the casino. While Josh Duhamel is very funny and lets face it he looks like he can take down anyone.<br /><br />Vanessa Marcil and Nikki Cox add that special touch.<br /><br />The story lines are very fun and weird at times.<br /><br />You can easily just relax into this show and doesn't bring the heavy story lines like the other shows that rule the ratings...
critique3954 Based on Neil Simons play of the same The Odd Couple tells the story of best friends Felix Unger(Jack Lemmon)and Oscar Madison(Walter Matthau)who end up sharing Oscars massive bachelor pad after Felix tries to kill himself.<br /><br />He had a big row with his wife over his obsessive compulsive cleaning sprees and weird phobias and sends her a suicide telegram.She calls Oscar and lets him know what happened.Felix turns up at Oscar's during his weekly poker game with their friends Vinnie(John Fielder)Murray the policeman(Herbert Edelman)Roy(David Sheiner)and Speed(Larry Haines).After some side splitting hysterics it's agreed Felix will stay with Oscar.<br /><br />The rest of the film centres on how these two are such completely different characters.As well as looking at if Oscar can stand Felix's truly weird and unique habits and cleanliness and if Felix can stand Oscar being such a slob and his laid back attitude to everything. Really a film about two complete opposites living together and the joyshighslows and necessity of the gift that is friendship.With great acting an intelligent and very funny script and the great Monica Evans and Carole Shelley as the British Pigeon sisters who Oscar invites over for a double date.<br /><br />This one is guaranteed to make you laugh every line is priceless and Jack and Walter are fantastic with a great chemistry.Also made into a successful and equally funny TV series with Jack Klugman as Oscar and Tony Randall as Felix.
critique3955 I saw this because my cousin is an extra in one of the wedding scenes. I read somewhere that Oz and Rudnick wanted to poke fun at liberal message movies but the climax ends up being right out of one of those movies. Also some of the humor is a bit on the cloying side Joan Cusack was too over-the-top for me and someone has a strange timeline re the Oscars. Still there were more than enough funny moments like the kiss scene the wedding that isn't and the scene with the principal to enjoy this. Kline as always is good but for me the real surprise was Selleck whom I'm not a big fan of but pokes fun at himself nicely here.
critique3956 A brief history of time. The cosmological content of this documentary is fascinating the thoughts provoking and the man... brilliant. Yet I had a hard time enjoying this documentary. <br /><br />The way the family members and professors are interviewed feels so unnatural. These members were interviewed on specifically built sets and were directed uncomfortably. Mostly their accounts came across as very acted and forcefully directed. The (deliberate) non-inclusion of asked questions manipulates the given information into a very harsh and impersonal format. <br /><br />I do not know who are responsibly for the interviewing but they did a dreadful job and with that took away from the viewing experience.<br /><br />Overall still a fascinating documentary well worth seeing if only for the interesting concepts presented.
critique3957 Operation Scorpio (AKAThe Scorpion King) doesn't slip into top gear until the last 25 minutes or so but when the action does hit top speed it delivers some truly amazing martial arts scenes that demand the viewer's attention. That is not to say that the first hour is worthlessÃ‚Â— just that compared to the final fight-fest it seems a bit underwhelming.<br /><br />The plot revolves around Yuk-Su a talented comic artist who dreams of being a heroÃ‚Â—just like those he depicts in his drawings. When Yuk-Su rescues a young maid Siu-Yu who is being sold into prostitution he incurs the wrath of her evil boss Wa. Led by Sonny master of scorpion style kung fu Wa's henchmen give chase to Yuk-Su and the maid. Yuk-Su's father intervenes but he is injured. After being rescued by some friendly bodybuilders the three eventually hide out at a noodle restaurant owned by their friend Master Yat.<br /><br />Yuk-Su learns to cooks noodles but also regularly sneaks out in order to secretly build his strength and learn kung fu under the tutelage of Jean the teacher of the musclebound hulks who rescued them. When Master Yat must leave on business Yuk-Su is left in charge of the kitchen; however he pops out to practise his skills with Jean leaving Siu-Yu to serve the customers. Sonny and his men visit the restaurant and disgusted by the noodles they are served trash the restaurant.<br /><br />When Master Yat learns that Yuk-Su has been sneaking out he tells him that he should have learnt kung fu from him; it transpires that Master Yat used to be a top Triad assassin until he decided to try and change his ways. Under the guidance of Master Yat Yuk-Su improves his skills even learning the art of the shadowless kick! Yuk-Su eventually gets a chance to try and become a real hero when his friend Fatty announces that his maid has also been sold into prostitution. With Jean they visit Wa posing as French brothel keepers looking for new women. When Fatty's maid is presented to them she accidentally blows their ruse and at last the action kicks off big style. Despite his best efforts Jean is badly beaten by Sonny and he and Yuk-Su are forced to flee. On returning to the restaurant Yuk-Su finds it ablaze; and worst of all the bad guys have found Siu-Yu! Yuk Su accompanied by Master Yat returns to Wa's place to try and rescue Siu-Yu...<br /><br />Despite some fairly entertaining training scenes the slow build up to the final action at Wa's house is rather too drawn out and devoid of any serious fight scenes. It is a shame that the tedium wasn't broken up by a decent scrap midway rather than saving all of the juicy stuff until the end.<br /><br />The last fight however is worth the wait in the end; Won Jin gives a jaw dropping performance as the high kicking Sonny who scuttles flips and spins with amazing skill and dexterity and Chin Kar-Lok gives a solid performance as Yuk-Su the artist-turned-fighter. Also particularly good is old-school kung fu star Lau Kar-Leung (AKA Liu Chia Liang) as Master Yat proving that this old-timer has still got what it takes to kick ass! Although not a perfect film Operation Scorpio has enough standout action in its finale to definitely warrant a viewing.<br /><br />NB. I may have got some of the names wrong. My DVD calls characters by different names than those listed on IMDb.
critique3958 Sherlock Holmes (Basil Rathbone) and Dr. Watson (Nigel Bruce) have been hired by the British government to protect a Swiss scientist Dr. Franz Tobel (William Post Jr.). He has a bomb that the British want to win the war. Unfortunately the evil Dr. Moriarty (Lionel Atwill) is working with the Nazis and will stop at nothing to get the doctor--and his invention.<br /><br />Moving Sherlock Holmes to the 1940s sounded like a stupid idea but it does work for one reason--Basil Rathbone. Arguably he is the BEST Sherlock Holmes ever put on the screen. He plays the character so well (and accurately) that it doesn't matter what era he's solving crimes. As for Nigel Bruce as Watson...everybody has problems with it. He plays Watson as a bumbling old fool...that is NOT the Watson of the books. You seriously wonder why Holmes puts up with him. Still he does grow on you (in a way). Then there's Atwill having a whale of a time playing Moriarty--the discussions and battle of wits between him and Holmes are just great! I've never liked Dennis Hoey as Inspector Lestrade--he's such an idiot. Makes Watson look like a genius. And Post Jr. is pretty good as Tobel (even though his accent amusingly keeps changing!).<br /><br />This movie is done elaborately and runs only a little over an hour. Still it does have it's slow spots and I never understood the secret code section.<br /><br />Still worth catching if just for Rathbone and Atwill.
critique3959 Alive<br /><br />Alive is a very entertaining SCI-FI movie from Japan. I have noticed a lot of disappointed film geeks who loved Versus this director's debut film or his third film Azumi. I have heard they are blood drenched films with swords and zombies and all kinds of goodies. Frankly I went to the video store to get Versus but I am just fine with Alive.<br /><br />If you are looking for beginning to end wall to wall action then Alive is not your pick. There is plenty of action however it comes as pay-off for a whole hour of character driven build-up. Personally I think it is well done and worth it.<br /><br />Of course some of the plot is silly as with many SCI-Fi action films and I think the subtitles using the term foreign object could have replaced with parasite for greater effect. This film is brutal when it needs to be so faint of heart need not apply.<br /><br />They kept the budget down by for the most part confining all the action to one underground building(taking a cue from the cube) but the film doesn't suffer for it. Another bonus for this film is intense gothic imagines that are done with great artistic flair during the many Flashbacks and dream sequences. <br /><br />Rent this!
critique3960 With a special telescope Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) successfully proves that years ago a meteorite landed in Africa containing an unknown but extremely powerful element. Dr. Benet(Bela Lugosi) form an expedition led by Rukh to locate the element. Unexpectedly Rukh discovers "Radium X" even more powerful than radium and very radioactive and Karloff becomes contaminated and can kill anyone by just touching them. The sparks really fly between Lugosi and Karloff in this classic science-fiction film during the post-World War II era. Director Hillyer used a few standing sets from "FLASH GORDON" series which was being filmed at the same time and also inserted some footage of electrical machines from Frankenstein. Universal kept the public unaware of the special effects being used in this great classic film. Karloff and Lugosi were at their very best and they both enjoyed working together and will be enjoyed by future generations.
critique3961 I first saw this film about 11 years ago when my former college Accounting professor recommended it to me. I was amazed that a movie from 1968 could so coherently and hilariously portray computer crime. Maggie Smith is delightful and Ustinov plays the "retro hacker" perfectly. "O Nolo Mio"!!!!!
critique3962 This would have to be one of the funniest TV sitcoms to come out of the States since the demise of "Everybody Loves Raymond". Warburton is always hilarious and in this complements the rest of the ensemble cast to perfection. David Spade continues to tickle my funny bone enormously with his quite unique delivery of his lines. After having raved over the British series "Coupling" I can see from just where the creators of "Rules of Engagement" got their original idea but this is not intended as being a "brickbat" - the absolutely brilliant dialogue and the way in which it is conveyed set this particular series completely apart. But it takes more than a competent cast to bring success to a new series particularly in the very difficult field of comedy. Having been a part of a professional TV comedy writing team for the best part of 7 years in Australia I can appreciate particularly the role of director and the perceptional and creative talent of the camera crew. One of the few grievances I have with the series is the very obviously "canned" laughter. Surely a live audience could have been used in the shooting of the series.
critique3963 In the Hollywood west those trail hands were a rough bunch who when they came to town partied pretty hardy. After all trail driving was a lonely business back in the day before railroads got to all parts of the USA. <br /><br />The drovers who worked for trail boss Gil Favor as played by Eric Fleming were no different. But Fleming was a man of all business he had a job to do and hired a top crew to do it. <br /><br />With the long run of Rawhide and the fact that the regulars stayed with it for the most part we got to know all the drovers at some point. A some point story lines were focused around all of them though the bulk were with Fleming and Clint Eastwood's character Rowdy Yates the number 2 guy with the herd.<br /><br />Clint Eastwood's western image was molded by Rawhide it's a shame that these are not shown more often. Probably because they were done in black and white. Had this been an NBC show this would have been done in color like Bonanza and be running as often as those shows are. We'd get to see a lot more of a man who became a move legend.<br /><br />Ironically enough it was Eric Fleming who left the show before it closed to do films. He did a few them and was hoping the show would give him a bankable movie name. Sadly he was killed on a movie location doing an action film drowned in a river. Had he lived he might have become a name like Eastwood's.<br /><br />Clint took over as trail boss in the last season and then the show completed its run. And he of course became the icon he is today and not just in the western genre.<br /><br />Rawhide was a tough western who had some tough guys in it. No frills in this one these were working cowboys just doing a job and battling the elements and whatever situations they were thrown into every year.<br /><br />They really don't make television series like these any more. What a pity.
critique3964 At a time when Hollywood thinks that louder faster and bloodier are better Manna From Heaven is comedic and touching look at something we've all thought about: What would I do if a load of money fell from the sky.<br /><br />Interestingly it took the characters many years to realize that the money hadn't made a single difference in their lives. They all become what they were destined to be. Unfortunately in most cases what they became was unhappy in spite of their good fortune all those years ago.<br /><br />While Manna offers the familiar Hollywood storyline of Good vs. Evil or in the case Generosity vs Greed what sets this film apart is that Good wins out by converting Evil not by crushing it.<br /><br />I think the important message of this film is that you can change the world... even if you do it one person at a time.
critique3965 Disregard the plot and enjoy Fred Astaire doing A Foggy Day and several other dances one a duo with a hapless Joan Fontaine. Here we see Astaire doing what are essentially "stage" dances in a purer form than in his films with Ginger Rogers and before he learned how to take full advantage of the potential of film. Best of all: the fact that we see Burns and Allen before their radio/TV husband-wife comedy career doing the kind of dancing they must have done in vaudeville and did not have a chance to do in their Paramount college films from the 30s. (George was once a tap dance instructor). Their two numbers with Fred are high points of the film and worth waiting for. The first soft shoe trio is a warm-up for the "Chin up" exhilarating carnival number in which the three of them sing and dance through the rides and other attractions. It almost seems spontaneous. Fan of Fred Astaire and Burns & Allen will find it worth bearing up under the "plot". I've seen this one 4 or 5 times and find the fast forward button helpful.
critique3966 Ok at the beginning it looked like "Shrek" - the loner that is persistently followed by the comic relief. Then it evolves into something really compelling as the gauntlet is set. And the result is an enjoyable movie which has moments that I agree that are a little too dramatic for kids to watch (Manny's past for example). The premise has been obviously worked for a long time so that they can suceed in making a movie set with almost no different sets (only ice caps and rocks) and three characters. It's a good thing to know that they succeed in doing something emotional out of it. As I said it can be tear-jerking at some times so kids be warned. The real letdown is the animation. This wasn't so souped up like the toy story movies or shrek and it shows. The humans are unrealistic and we have seen better examples of CGI before. But don't let this stain the record: as a solo effort "Ice Age" is commendable. And it will gather many fans I have no doubt. Oh and yes the moments with that small mouse are priceless and show-stealing.
critique3967 Anyone who finds this film boring is a hopeless bonehead who should stick to car chase movies and romantic comedies. This film is riveting and doesn't have a boring moment. Why? Because it is comprised largely of intelligent dialogue between real people in a moment of crisis and details their efforts to survive that crisis. I repeat--intelligent dialogue! That is what characterizes nearly all of Rohmer's films and that is why a lot of people don't like them. They prefer action. Fine let them spend the rest of their lives watching action films while those of us with taste and discrimination will continue to seek out films like this.<br /><br />Rohmer has always been accused of being "talky." Well he is but to me that's a compliment not a criticism. Shakespeare was talky too. Is there a talkier play than "Hamlet?" Whenever the subject or theme of a work of art consists of ideas and conflicts over values there must of necessity be a discussion of these ideas and values an that is largely what this film is all about. Aristocracy and noble birth vs. egalitarianism; loyalty to old friends that is put to the ultimate test when that friend takes what we believe to be a wrong path; the value of human life and the responsibility to help save that life even if the person possessing that life is not so nice or even despicable. (Anyone ever hear of Dostoyevsky or "Crime and Punishment?") These are what this film is all about.<br /><br />The two leads in this film are impeccable as if they were born to play these roles. Lucy Russell who is English and speaks French as her second language is especially brilliant. Do yourself a favor and see this riveting film. It may be the last film by this screen Master.
critique3968 This is a slow moving story. No action. No crazy suspense. No abrupt surprises. If you cannot stand to see a movie about two people just talking and walking about a story that develops slowly till the very end and about lovey-dovey romance don't waste your time and money. <br /><br />On the other hand if you're into dialog masterful story telling thought provoking ideas and finding true love in the fabric of life then this is your movie. I recommend you watch this movie when you are most alert though because the pace the music and the overall tone of the movie can put you in a woolgathering mood. It's truly fantastic. I really mean that.<br /><br />Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are annoying with their mannerisms at times but thankfully the chemistry between the two makes the acting very natural warm and tender. They act and feel each other out from the very beginning making you feel as an intruder.<br /><br />In their conversations there are excellent commentaries on many subjects that will provoke thought and conversation between you and your partner. I thought it was too deep and too diverse for such young characters but I may be underestimating their intelligence. Still it did not ruin the movie.<br /><br />The overall story is very simple which I think gives the movie it's charm and ultimately it's power.<br /><br />BOTTOM LINE: The movie's flow is slow. The dialog is fascinating. The story builds gently systematically and substantive. The build up to the finale is satisfying and in the end rewarding.
critique3969 I never met a single person (out of hundreds) who hated this movie. Bet that anyone who votes it down is a petty saboteur or a victim of one. This film has everything. Ask yourself "Are you a fan of. . . ?" Then go see "Laputa".<br /><br />It's not my favorite movie but my favorite IS directed by the same person (Hayao Miyazaki). In any case this one ranks among my top five. And I've seen a LOT of movies.
critique3970 When this film was originally released it was promoted with the notably unimaginative tagline "Dirty Harry is at it again". Whatever this pitch lacks in originality is more than compensated for by it's complete and total accuracy. "Sudden Impact" retains all the aspects that made the previous three Dirty Harry movies so successful- tight pacing a compelling plot strong supporting characters endless gunplay and bone-dry humor. Some of these elements are not only retained but amplified- this is easily the darkest bloodiest and most overtly right-wing installment of the franchise.<br /><br />The plot is somewhat intriguing: after killing a ridiculous number of hoodlums Inspector Callahan is sent on a forced "vacation" by his superiors to the sleepy coastal town of San Paolo. He is tasked to investigate the background of a recent homicide victim who was shot in the genitals before being put out of his (no doubt considerable) misery by a second shot to the head. Early on in the film the audience is made aware of the identity of the killer- an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) who is hunting down the thugs who gang-raped her and her sister at a fun fair some ten years earlier. This incident is shown in a very disturbing flashback snippets of which recur before each new murder. As more bodies start to appear with the same M.O it becomes clear to Harry that both the local police chief and his new love interest (guess who?) know more than they are telling. To make matters even more complicated the one-time rapists realize who is hunting them and start to hit back hard.<br /><br />"Sudden Impact" offers relentless action from beginning to end. Clint Eastwood directed this film himself and expertly handles a series of set pieces that culminate in an exhilarating climax. Sondra Locke's performance effectively conveys the blend of ruthlessness and fragility that define her character. That having been said it is fair to wonder if another actress (who was not Eastwood's off-screen companion at the time) could have brought more charisma and dramatic weight to the role- Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd jump to mind as possible candidates. Members of the supporting cast that punch significantly above their weight include Albert Popwell as Harry's partner Horace Paul Drake as the psychopathic Mick and the truly scene-stealing Audrie J. Neenan who portrays the vicious Ray Parkins. <br /><br />However the film has some notable problems- some of the subplots (the animosity between Harry and a gang of twentysomething hoodlums a Mob vendetta against him) take up too much screen time and don't really have any bearing to the larger story. Their only real use is to raise the body-count to absurd levels. In the first half of the film it sometimes appears that Dirty Harry shoots people more often than he has to use the restroom. However the film moves into top gear as it progresses and the triangulated cat-and-mouse game between Callahan Spencer and her former tormentors assumes prominence. This second hour makes it clear that a more stripped-down and slightly refocused screenplay would have given "Sudden Impact" the potential to be a first-class neo noir-style thriller that could have taken the series to new levels but still have contained more than enough .44 magnum heroics to satisfy the Harry loyalists. Instead we get the film that Eastwood and Warner Bros. clearly wanted to make- a superbly executed but prototypical Eighties action flick that mostly declines to particularly challenge the intelligence of it's intended audience. <br /><br />This was by far the biggest grossing of the series at the box-office and it is not hard to see why. Though not the film that it could have been this is still big trigger-happy fun. Even after repeated viewings it's going to make your day.
critique3971 A rather silly little film you just may love.<br /><br />Although rather corny and clichÃƒÂ© at times it nonetheless works and makes for good clean fun. Five teams are engaged on a scavenger hunt and battle each other and their wits to win the all night contest - just for the sheer joy "knowing yours is the best team."<br /><br />Notable for several screen debuts including David Naughton's first film role after his Dr. Pepper "Be a Pepper" commercials and before his major 1981 hit "American Werewolf in London". Also features Paul Ruebens in what I believe is his first Pee Wee Herman-esquire roll a year before he became known for it. And last but not least Mr. Spin City and Alex Keaton himself Michael J. Fox gets his first film role here. Fans will remember Stephen Furst as Flounder in Animal House. Outside of that no names but all funny characters.<br /><br />Doubt it has ever made it to DVD but there are still probably some VHS copies floating around and you might even catch on a late late show sometime. If you do is worth your watch. You may hate it but it may also become a quirky little movie you come to love.
critique3972 Grand Canyon falls under a very scarce category: it is a very clever film with very clever dialogs and food for thought everywhere from start to end. I have the impression that it never made it to it's deserved ranking (and never will) because of it's simplicity. This kind of flick needs sensitive watchers. Pity thought that IMDb makes me write ten lines because this is in no way necessary in this particular case. Anyway in order to fulfill this request I will tell you that the weak point of the film if any is in the acting: not that it is bad but it could have been done much better. Exception made for Kevin Kline who was perfect. Go ahead and watch it.
critique3973 I hope the writer director editor and composer (and let's not forget producer) read this... because their work was truly incredible on this movie. Let me start by saying that I am in no way affiliated with this movie. I am only a regular guy who has been a fan of this movie for about 12 years and have seen it about 8 times.<br /><br />Every second of this movie is touching. Every scene is classic. The acting is real. The movie is honest. You can relate to these characters as people not actors.<br /><br />This tale follows three distinct killers at different stages in their lives. The story is carefully thought out and every sub-plot is intertwined and woven together culminating in a message that leaves us pondering the values of right and wrong that each of us carries inside.<br /><br />Crispen Glover Daniel Roebuck Dennis Hopper and Joshua John Miller (as a 12 year old boy) give absolutely amazing real performances. I've seen this movie about 8 or more times and I still get so absorbed in their performances that I forget I am watching a movie. It's that good. Great job everyone who worked on this. Great job.<br /><br />The music is also wonderfully matched and haunting. With the chosen cast the carefully timed editing and pacing the mood and tone and even the subject matter the director made some of the best decisions for a movie I've ever seen.<br /><br />This movie is real. It's honest. It's a true movie experience which I will never forget. You may not be into the subject matter but it is something you cannot ignore. Ultimately it's about people being people... and everyone can relate to that. I recommend this movie to fans of drama suspense and horror above almost every other film.
critique3974 I Enjoyed Watching This Well Acted Movie Very Much!It Was Well ActedParticularly By Actress Helen Hunt And Actors Steven Weber And Jeff Fahey.It Was A Very Interesting MovieFilled With Drama And SuspenseFrom The Beginning To The Very End.I Reccomend That Everyone Take The Time To Watch This Made For Television MovieIt Is Excellent And Has Great Acting!!
critique3975 This is one of the best films I've seen in the last years.Belmonndo and Deneuve shine in their respective roles he as a naive plantation owner and she as an enigmatic trickster.Words won't do this masterpiece justicesuffice it to say that this is a movie that explores the darker side of love and the painhumiliation and capacity for self-delusion that go with it although it's dressed as a film noir. Forget that feeble remake with Jolie and Banderas see the genuine artticle instead and treat yourselves to some moments of great cinematic beauty.
critique3976 This movie is truly unique. It really captures the spirit of the play but makes it entertaining to the modern generation. The romance between Tromeo and Juliet was believable and erotic not pulled off by many adaptations. It is also so funny I was almost crying with laughter.<br /><br />Like with most Troma its in your face taboo subjects gore and sex and yet add in some really good acting and a Shakespeare plot. You really have to see this movie to believe it!<br /><br />There are some hillarious jokes in the credits (best credits I've seen since Hot Shots) loads of Troma in jokes as well as general satire and shakespeare refs. And Lemmy from the house of Motorhead narrates. I lent this movie to a friend and had an almost impossible job of getting it back. Troma at its best this film really is a gem and goes in my top 5 favourite movies of all time. <br /><br />Though its not the sort of film you'd watch with your mum and might offend some people. For anybody bored with run of the mill cinema with a wacky sense of humour you MUST SEE THIS FILM.
critique3977 The war at home is a splendid television series and I don't understand because she has been annulled. Please fairies something to continue with this very beautiful television series with excellent and marvelous actors good recitation and good situations please we want the third series and even so many new episodes. I pray you!!!! I would like if possible somehow to make to reach this and mail the interested forehand since I can tell you that here in Italy this series is very liked as in other countries of Europe chest of drawers for example Spain. In effects as I have written above what strikes of this television series it is the good recitation of the actors and also the honest one with which numerous matters of true importance are treated. I think both one of the best American television series arrive on the Italian screens in these last years.I pray you!!!!
critique3978 There are too many new styles of the sitcom but the one that works best is the old fashioned way with an audience and indoor set. That 70's Show is a great example. When the show came on the air nobody really heard of Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp much less the adolescents played wonderfully by Topher Grace and Ashton Kushton (both of them are leaving the show this year to pursue other interests) I wish Topher would stay around because the show began about his character Eric and his close circle of friends. Ashton is already the John Travolta of our time. Remember when John was in love with Diana Hyland from Eight Is Enough think of Ashton with Demi Moore. The cast of actors were never known to us which is a good thing because a celebrity cast member can spoil it. I miss Mo Gaffney who played Don's girlfriend Joanne. I miss Lisa Robin Kelly as the original Laurie the replacement could not match her and I am sorry about that. I liked the casting of Tommy Chong as the wasted but beloved father figure to Steven Hyde. I loved watching Tanya Roberts besides Charlie's Angels. I loved Brooke Shields playing Jackie's mom. She really showed her acting talent before heading to Broadway. This show has been a delight with many surprises. I hope this show lasts longer even though 2 of their cast members are leaving but I hope they don't stay too far away too long. I wish the show's creators Bonnie and Terry Turner who also created my other favorite show Third Rock from The Sun is more successful on Fox than they were on NBC which sabotaged their show. The Turners are not dummies and I hope they create more shows like this in the future.
critique3979 I really liked Tom Barman's AWTWB. You just have to let it come over you and enjoy it while it lasts and don't expect anything. It's like sitting on a cafÃƒÂ©-terrace with a beer in the summer sun and watching the people go by. It definitely won't keep you pondering afterwards that's true but that's not a prerequisite for a good film. It's just the experience during the movie that's great.<br /><br />I felt there were a few strands that could have been worked out a little more but being a Lynch fan I don't care that much anymore :)<br /><br />And I *loved* the style or flair of this movie. It's slick but fresh and the soundtrack is a beauty. Any music-lover will get his kicks out of AWTWB I can assure you.<br /><br />I'll give it 8 out 10.<br /><br />(music-wise 10 out of 10)
critique3980 I've been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too. Some of the users are stuck in a 'realist' type of mentality. This film was meant to be a 'fantasy'....a 'what if' fun film. It was never meant to be 'real' or serious. It was thoroughly enjoyable for everyone I knew when it came out - even though it shadowed the tragedy of the Challenger explosion...I was 30 at the time and totally enjoyed this one - my young son loved it too! Later I shared it with my daughter and she too loved it. SpaceCamp is a fun family film that should be enjoyed for just that - fun. All the 'realists' in the world should lighten up or stick to watching documentaries or docudramas and avoid any other type of film. So sorry for those young folks who watched this movie first and then were able to go to the real SpaceCamp (one in Alabama and one at Vandenberg AFB in California) - they must have gone expecting to find the same type of environment that was portrayed in the movie and then felt 'letdown'...I guess their parents didn't explain the difference between fantasy and reality. Oh well. If you love fantasy-fun films and haven't seen this one I highly recommend it! Enjoy!
critique3981 For starters I have always been a fan of the Batman cartoons because the theme is so universal 'that everyone alive has an alter-ego'. This is true in the Mystery of Batwoman. While the overall story is good I'm disappointed that they haven't really done much for the franchise with this.<br /><br />Throughout the movie you are trying to find out who the identity of Batwoman is unfortunately you can find out by easily looking at the cast of credits posted on this website (so if you haven't seen it already don't go there). I was sort of disappointed that they didn't make the movie longer. 75 minutes is way too short for any movie. The secret identity of batwoman also comes far too early in the movie sort of midway and becomes anti-climatic afterward because you know the good guys will always win and that the new character known as Batwoman will disappear after the movie is over.<br /><br />I'm also not too sure about the new animation style used in this movie. I love the sleek new characters but there should be some more detail where detail is called for. Some parts of the animation look so awkward and rigid that it grabs your attention right away diverting your attention away from the storyline. I also didn't really like the bright atmosphere used in most of the scenes it sort of loses its dark and gothic feel which is Batman. Similarly we should've gotten to know more about batwoman's personality so that we can build the same deep compassionate feeling that we do with Bruce Wayne. Also I think the fight with Bane should have been done better. In typical children's fashion the bad guy meets his demise too easily either by tripping falling getting electricuted or doing something dumb that works against them. Come to think of it there wasn't even one drop of blood spilled in this movie either.<br /><br />Bottom line its a good entertaining flick and I recommend anyone who's a Batman fan to watch it. It has good storyline universal appeal and even great acting to top it off. I just wish that they could have delivered more permanent change to the story by making Batwoman stay to make things more interesting. Not just introduce her and then kick her off once she's done. I'd also like to see someone else figure out the mystery for a change finally. To have some other than Batman solve the mystery and fill him in later with the details.<br /><br />I hope there are more animated movies to come and look forward to the time when we will actually be able to see the breakup between Bruce Wayne and Barbra Gordan. He's been stringing her along forever and doesn't even like her and I can't believe that she was dumb enough to fall in love with someone 20 years older. I also want to see the time when Tim Drake leaves because he is getting sick of the old man. In short I want to see all of the things that led the characters to where they will be in Batman Beyond. Otherwise the same repeated formula will just end it faster than if they just decided to move on with the story.<br /><br />
critique3982 Of all the versions of the Odyssey (or of any Greek mythological story for that matter) this in my opinion is the best of them all. Almost true to the original storyline - with some minor deviations and omissions e.g. the absence of Scylla & Charybdis and the fact that Eumaeus the swineherd recognizes Odysseus in disguise in his hut - realistic acting and authentic scenery and costumes all contribute to make this a truly memorable masterpiecenot some Hollywoodish sword-and-sandal B-flick. Notwithstanding the fact that the dialogue and subtitles are completely in Italian if one is familiar with the storyline he can still make heads and tails of what is going on and what the actors are saying (provided you have a good handy text of the Odyssey at hand). At least I did and so much so that it has inspired me to study the Italian language to better appreciate the movie even more.
critique3983 I remember seeing this movie when I was about 7; and at the time it shocked me. I had seen a violent movie before but I never saw a movie with the consequences and reality of violence. This movie not only shows this but it also shows how people can change their lives and choose happiness. What this movie did and crash failed to do was to be truthful. Crash tried to show how racism was bad (and Crash actually had a built-in anti Asian bias) and to come at it from a morally superior position. Grand Canyon came at things from such a raw and real perspective that it actually ends up on a higher ground than crash. Especially when you compare the endings. The ending of crash is this supposedly neat little ending that ties everything up. While Grand Canyon simply ends on a quiet note where you know nothing much will change in the character's lives but that's because life just goes on too there's no suitable ending. No matter how good...bad you are. There is no ending of a chapter to begin another.
critique3984 Deaf secretary Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is bullied by her mean spirited male colleagues.<br /><br />When they suggest she needs an assistant it seems like the final insult but when the first applicant is ex-con Paul (Vincent Cassel) she seizes the chance to change her life.<br /><br />Carla covers his mistakes and he anxious to go straight reluctantly helps her to take revenge on her colleagues.<br /><br />When Paul asks Carla to return the favor she finds herself drawn into the criminal underworld ruled by ruthless lone shark Marchand (Olivier Gourmet).<br /><br />Recognizing her ability to lip-read as a weapon no one will have bargained for the two set out to see justice done.<br /><br />French filmmaker Jacques Audiard's third feature "Read My Lips" is a genre-defying piece switching from dark social comedy to visceral full-throttle thriller.
critique3985 When I first saw the movie I thought it was sweet - a family movie. For the rest of the night and over the next couple of days though clever moments and funny lines kept creeping back into my thoughts and our conversation... There's a lot going on classic elements of farce good character acting and Wendie Malick's story line is just hysterical. Labelling it a "feel-good movie" belies the wit and fun - it's smarter than it seems just like "It's a Wonderful Life" is.
critique3986 This film pulls you in from the get-go because it grabs our attention by acknowledging yeah that this story is opening with a clichÃƒÂ© Ã‚Â– a funeral.<br /><br />In hands other than Judi's I wouldn't have given it an 8 as this material has been done over and over again: The great reunion of a once famous pick one please team army platoon theatre group singers band.<br /><br />But this movie never stoops to cheap sentimentalization and when you think it is going to it swoops off in another direction. A case in point is the flowers that are sent by an admirer to Judi.<br /><br />The band members are an interesting group and ride above the clichÃƒÂ©s too. One is in jail one has found religion one is an alkie and one has sunk into dementia. But the joie de vivre rediscovered by Judi ignited by her granddaughter's interest carries us along and makes us overlook the sometimes simplistic nature of the plot.<br /><br />The cast are a who's who of talent Leslie Caron the incomparable jazzist Cleo Laine with her amazing high notes a last performance from Joan Sims brava Joan a cute as a button flirtatious Ian Holm having a ball and Olympia Dukakis as a money-grabbing divorcÃƒÂ©e living in the highlands of Scotland with her ghillie and her whiskey The closing scene is standard Hollywoodland fare the judgmental children of the star converted to fun-loving supporters the old lovers reunited the youngsters swept up in the old timers' music. Life should be this simple. But I would watch it again and intend to with my own granddaughter. For in the right hands sometimes one just loves these brazen old clichÃƒÂ©s. 8 out of 10.
critique3987 There's a great deal of material from the Modesty Blaise comics and novels that would be great in a movie. Unfortunately several attempts have been made and they've fallen short of the great potential in the character. So no this isn't the Modesty you know from the comic strip (currently reprinted in nice editions from Titan Books). This is Modesty some 5 or 6 years prior to the first strip and from what you can piece together from her back-story it's accurate.<br /><br />Miramax had the movie rights to the character with Quentin Tarantino acting as advocate and technical adviser. Early drafts of the Miramax project attempted to adapt one of the best novels but always managed to leave out some crucial element. Tarantino wasn't happy with any of them and offered to remove his name from the project so they could proceed. To the studio's credit they wanted to keep him in the process since they knew he "got" the character and her world. With the movie rights close to expiration they decided to try a very different approach. The result was "My Name is Modesty" a small direct-to-video movie that introduces the character.<br /><br />The movie does not introduce Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald. These characters are important to Blaise's adventures throughout most of the published stories. What this movie accomplishes is showing the strength of the character by herself. She never loses her composure and you never doubt that she's in charge even unarmed in a room full of gangsters with guns. Most of the movie takes place within a casino which undoubtedly saved money on the production. It doesn't matter. The film does not come across as cheap. Instead it gives a fairly comprehensive (and believable) back-story for the character and demonstrates just how far she thinks ahead. Should Miramax adapt any of the comic stories or novels now they've laid out the character's background nicely and won't have to spend much time on her "origin." I realize the words "Direct-to-Video" don't inspire confidence but this film is well worth a look.
critique3988 First of all despite the low rating on this site I saw something quite worthy in this film and will gladly defend it. And no I'm not connected to the crew in any way...<br /><br />I came across the DVD of The Wind by accident and had this strong feeling that it wasn't going to be quite like the video packaging described. So I took a chance and was pleasantly surprised by this strange very different drama. I'm assuming the DVD marketing and summary were the work of MTI Home Video to hook a rental or sale (the tag line "Love comes in many forms" was changed to "Terror comes in many forms"). Sure smaller films' rentals and sales depend strongly on grabbing a person's attention especially if they've never heard of the film before (a similar case happened with the film THE ITEM). That's probably what is working against this release as horror fans read the description of an "ancient wind" carrying with it "omens of the apocalypse." It's easy to think that that is what this film is all about and will turn some college students in the story into crazy savages that go on a killing spree. Thus at the time this review was submitted is most likely the reason for the lower rating on IMDb. I can understand people becoming upset and thinking they were fooled by that summary  seeing the apocalyptic intro but then experiencing a dark drama. I can forgive the marketing choice since I enjoyed The Wind and thought it was a refreshing change of pace from major Hollywood offerings it's just that if the intended audience was given the attention more might voice a higher rating.<br /><br />The "wind" in this film is basically just a metaphor for society and is the story of four friends who make some bad choices and how their lives quickly turn into ones of desperate self-preservation. After going too far in 'teaching a lesson' to one of their own a death occurs and each person tries to save his/her own standing. Manipulation between them becomes the norm and by the end we see how self preservation becomes their main motivation over good judgment. Civilized to savage basically. This is very apparent throughout by noticing that the use of a knife branches as clubs fists and kicking are instruments of violence instead of guns. These characters are in a way doing all the wrong things for the right reason just to stay on top of the situation since they've already taken things too far. While there are many implied violent images it's interesting to see that there is an absence of cussing and nudity. <br /><br />What works in favor of The Wind are the "unknown" actors. Bigger stars were originally intended but I find it works better when you have lesser known capable actors. This way you can get into the story without sometimes thinking "oh that's Tom Cruise" for instance instead of an actual tormented person dealing with an extraordinary situation. Even unusual conversations (like between Mic and Billy in a field and Mic confronting Claire in her bedroom) hold up well and feel quite natural in the strange universe of Fairview...which has cozy homesa forest and wide open fields. I kept thinking of the calm landscapes concealing darker secrets in The Reflecting Skin which director Michael Mongillo mentions as an inspiration in his commentary. <br /><br />The Wind manages to get messages across without being heavy-handed about it.<br /><br />Sure if you look carefully you'll see many symbols and dialogue that other directors would just pound you over the head with. I even understood the infamous "kissing scene" between Claire John and Billy within the context of the story without being surprised it happened. I am still amazed at how some people (guys mainly) who complain about two men kissing in a scene would obviously have NO problem if the scene were of two gals kissing instead. All is handled nicely here and additional viewings will make things more clear without making you groan and say "oh man how did I miss THAT...." Things sink in gradually and I appreciated that. Or you could listen to the DVD commentary as well for more things revealed!<br /><br />For those of us that "got" the intentions of this film The Wind is a breath of fresh air (no pun intended) in a time when most films are made in order to JUST make money and be heard knocking other films out of their "box office competition" standing when mentioned on Entertainment Tonight or CNN.<br /><br />Years later it's always the great little discoveries like The Wind that stay in my mind not processed star-driven blockbusters.<br /><br />Get past the marketing ploy from MTI Home Video and you just might find this an engaging story indeed. I strongly recommend it to friends that seek out unusual films like this one.
critique3989 Showtime falls somewhere north of what some critics have been saying and a little south of what I expected months ago when I first heard about Eddie Murphy and Robert Di Niro teaming up for a comedy. Overall it was pretty good! As "real life" crime or cops go-- and plot for that matter-- it is pretty illogical but DUH--- this is a comedy. Also while the special effects chases aerial shots and skyscrapers blowing up were present but lower key than a Schwartzenegger movie I found it a bit tiresome and overdone. 9/11 sensibilities aside for myself all that pyro-techno hyper-effect stuff had been getting really old these past few years. It seemed a lame substitute for characterization story and engaging emotions. I hope the lesser quantity of it in "Showtime" is an indicator of a trend in Hollywood. A trend downwards of less use of the silly less use of the exploding building.<br /><br />Di Niro and Murphy are two of my favorites. Their screen presence and charisma-- and even their character depth-- have been "a joy to behold" for many years. That can't be dismissed here--- they are engaging actors and entertaining and appealing in this movie. I can't put my finger on it but perhaps the explosions the excessive FX and all of that diminished the final product??? Perhaps or perhaps it was something else or a combination of factors that gives one the sense that the movie didn't achieve its highest potential. Whatever it was "Showtime" was entertaining-- I probably will buy the DVD when it comes out-- but I had the vibe that it nonetheless wasn't all it could have been. At least not all I had hoped for.<br /><br />Very good movie but not a great movie. I gave it an 8 out of 10.
critique3990 the film itself is absolutely brilliant its that buzz that rush that makes you just want to go out blow your wages and loose yourself. It's what the weekend is all about its our sanitation where we can come together as one and be ourselves without a care in the world. The film is layered in depth and the dialogue in places is just spot on especially with Jip. The characters themselves are instantly likable one in particular is obviously dyers character and his views on what "Star Wars" is really about genius.<br /><br />If ever you've got an hour to kill before going out stick on this you'll immediately feel yourself growing in confidence definitely recommend it.
critique3991 This film was different. It took a sort of typical thriller story and reached for a more interesting in-depth look at an individual character's struggle with faith. Of course it helped that the main performance by Andrew McCarthy was quite excellent. The other performances were also quite interesting although not as consistent. The ending was a bit of a let down but there were lots of good moments. The film-makers tried something different here -- they didn't just go for the obvious chills and scares. This is a dark film (not for everyone) but if you want to be entertained and not talked down to try this one.
critique3992 To quote Jason Connery and Mark Ryan on one of the many DVD commentaries that "wobbly music" over the HTV logo was enough to get me jumping from whatever I was doing to glue my face against the screen for an hour. The individual stories contained within the series were excellent and the character development was wonderful. Robin of Loxley goes through a very convincing journey over the two series he appears in even though his departure from the programme was unplanned. Marian also develops her relationship with both of Herne's sons very well.<br /><br />After languishing for many years in TV wasteland I re-encountered the series on Sky 1 in the UK in the mid nineties and was even more impressed that the series seemed even better than I remembered. This is no children's television programme it deals with witchcraft treason rebellion and injustice. And it manages to do it without showing too much blood. As far as I can recall you only see a bit of the red stuff in the Pilot film (Episodes 1 and 2 on the DVD set). The DVDs are great containing a wealth of extras including cast commentaries on Series 3 only (the Jason Connery Robin) and crew commentaries for Series 1 and 2. The picture quality is very good and the remixed and remastered surround sound is amazing.<br /><br />The idea of freedom is important freedom prevails. Nothing's forgotten. Nothing's ever forgotten.
critique3993 I love this film...! I've seen it 1000 x on dvd and I cant say enough about it. It has it all comedy awesome action and incredible stunts/fx. Samuel Jackson steals the show here big time. I dont think there isnt a moment that he's in that he isnt funny! "Everyone knows that when you make an assumption you make an ass out of you and umption"!! The f/x are great! The bridge/truck explosion is incredible although the sound isnt all that great!When Samuel drives out of the truck the sound is off a little I think and what he says is priceless!!! For those of you who own it on dvd put the audio in french!!! It's halarious!!! Even emotional moments are great when the bad guy discovers that Sam's/Charlie's daughter is his is great... This is a great film that no action fan can do without... I also reccomend Cutthroat Island... Aside from all the negative publicity it kicks!!!!
critique3994 The third Fred MacMurray/Carole Lombard film is a bit more serious than Hands Across the Table and The Princess Comes Across. It's yet another adaption of the play Burlesque which apparently was popular back in the day.<br /><br />The original play Burlesque ran on Broadway in the 1927-1928 season for 372 performances and it's the role that Carole Lombard plays that Barbara Stanwyck originated on Broadway that brought her to Hollywood. A version starred Nancy Carroll in the early days of talkies and later on Betty Grable and Dan Dailey did still another version of it in When My Baby Smiles At Me.<br /><br />In fact I have a vinyl album of a radio version that Al Jolson and Ruby Keeler did for the Lux Radio Theater. That's an interesting work believe me.<br /><br />Anyway MacMurray and Lombard do fine by the old chestnut the story is now set in a nightclub where Lombard is a singer and MacMurray is a jazz trumpeter. Note a nice performance by Dorothy Lamour as the Latin vixen who gets between Fred and Carole. Also Anthony Quinn is in one of his earliest films as a wolf on the make for Lombard.<br /><br />Swing High Swing Low holds up real nice today and I wouldn't be surprised if we see yet another version of Burlesque for the Twenty First Century.
critique3995 Captain Corelli's Mandolin is no Oscar contender but it was pretty good. I have to admit Ms Cruz can really act. She puts on a very good performance. In fact she our does her boyfriend Tom in drama. John Hurt was great as usual. Nicholas Cage seemed to be enjoying himself. I bet he felt he was going back to his roots as an Italian. However I did learn something. One more chapter in Horrors of Nazi Germany the many Italian soliders killed during the period of there surrender to the allies and Germany's eventual surrender.
critique3996 When Paris is Burning came out I totally dismissed it. I was not into the whole Madonna and vogueing phenomenon. I thought it was going to be campy and silly. How wrong I was about this movie. I watched it after the movie had been out for ten years and I ran out and bought it. It took me back to a time and place of fun and excitement. I felt as though I knew all of the characters personally. The 80s were spectacular and the movie captured the essence of the gay culture. What a terrific job! I went on the internet and found out what some of the original casts members were doing now but I have not been able to locate all of them. If any one has any information on any of the casts members please let me know. <br /><br />I hope they make another documentary. I LOVED IT
critique3997 Long before Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins would shake the world of the Christian subculture (and make millions in the process) with the LEFT BEHIND books MARK IV Pictures the Christian film distribution company of the Billy Graham evangelistic association gave us this masterwork. What I love most about this genre is its incredible attention to detail sitting in a living room. Instead of taking us to the dramatic scenes of this "post-rapture" tribulation we sit in the living room hearing about it on the news because the filmmakers can't afford to show it. The film's premise is grounded in Pre-Millenial pre-Tribulation eschatalogy believing that Christ comes once for the secret taking of the true church and then comes again at the end of the seven years of hell on earth. What used to terrify me in junior high now makes me laugh. The intriguing adventures of Patty and her journey throughout the tribulation (and two of the film's three sequels) tells her remarkable story of unbelief and ultimately damnation. I hate to admit it but I still thoroughly enjoy watching this. It even has the SAME EXACT score of Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I think I'm the only person in history to make that observation.
critique3998 What an inspiring movie I laughed cried and felt love. For a true storyit does give you hope and that miracles do happen. It has a great cast. Ellen Burstyn Samantha Mathis Jodelle Ferland(she's 4 or 5yrs. old) what a actress. Its on Showtime. A Must See Movie!! :)=
critique3999 You could get into the nitty gritty of this film and say how it couldn't happen or how could the main character just walk into offices and start using computers etc without someone noticing and really pick the movie to bits...or you could just sit back with a bucket of popcorn and enjoy the story and the acting. Personally I prefer the latter I live real life and watch the news with all it's doom and gloom and so would much rather be entertained by my movies and see the bad guys get their just rewards. Don't take it too seriously and you can thoroughly enjoy this film.
critique4000 Harman and Isings 'Old Mill Pond' is a true masterpiece of the art of animation. The consummate skill and artistry that characterise this duos work is nowhere more in evidence than in this cartoon. It is a shame that so many people can see only offence in what is and was always intended to be a light hearted piece of entertainment that in no way sought to denigrate black people. If anything it is a tribute to the infectious humour and musicality of the black race. I have not been able to view this confection for many years as the 'race commissars' in England have deemed it too offensive to be shown in multi racial Britain. If anyone knows where I can obtain a copy I would dearly love to view this masterpiece again. I think those who routinely look for messages and intent that were never intended in these cartoons which are after all sixty years old should try to lighten up and remember that the world is a very different place today but that does not mean that anyone has the right to censor what is viewable from the past.
critique4001 I just saw it at an advance screening I haven't read the book but heard many good things about it.<br /><br />The movie was absolutely fantastic very moving. With a roller coaster of emotions you totally connect with the characters. Shaun Toub was great it was a complete departure from his usual roles and his acting for those who understand Persian/Dari was incredible.<br /><br />One thing to notes it that Khaled Hosseini actually loved the film which is unusual for book adaptation movies. Even after seeing the movie several times "he was sobbing".<br /><br />Also the animation from the intro was exquisite with names displayed as if it were Persian calligraphy very unique! At times the translation was not clearly conveying the message efficiently but all in all this was a great movie.
critique4002 This is a "revised" Riverdance presentation staged at Radio City Music hall in New York City. Of the three Irish "dance" musicals that I watched during the mid to late '90s (which includes the first "Riverdance" and "Lord of the Dance") I liked this one the best.<br /><br />I thought it was better than the original held in Dublin Ireland because it adds segments that are mostly good it has a more varied and colorful stage setting and it eliminated apiece for two from that original that wasn't good to begin with. This is just a very solid show with few weak spots. To be certain there are some songs/dances that are just "fair" but none that are poor which is amazing considering there are 20 numbers in all.<br /><br />The cast is similar to the first Riverdance with the main exception of Colin Dunne replacing Michael Flatley as the featured dancer. Both are extremely talented. The major difference might be in their looks with Dunne a little goateed black-haired guy while Flatley is the clean-shaven blond. I prefer Dunne because Flatley's ego is so big he gets annoying at times. The female lead Jean Butler thankfully is still there and is great to watch: what graceful beauty and talent! Butler and the rest of these women have the greatest legs I've seen on dancers. I also enjoyed the dancing of Maria Pages a Spanish flamenco performer and two guys: Daniel B. Wooten and Ivan Thomas. One number - with those two pairing off against Dunne and two other dancers -0 is called "Trading Taps" and is terrific fun to watch maybe the highlight of the whole show. I have no complaints about violinist Eileen Ivers either.<br /><br />The "fast" Irish songs here appealed to me the most. I appreciated the audience not getting in the way of the performance either with shrieks and screams like the women do in the "Lord Of The Dance" video.
critique4003 While traveling by train through Europe the American Jesse (Ethan Hawke) and the French Celine (Julie Delpy) meet each other and decide to spend the night together in Austria. On the next morning Jesse returns to United States of America and Celine to Paris. <br /><br />"Before Sunrise" is one of my favorite romances indeed one of the most beautiful love stories I have ever seen. It is a low budget movie with a very simple and real storyline but the chemistry between Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy is perfect and the dialogs are stunning. The direction is amazing transmitting the feelings of Celine and Jesse to the viewer. I have just completed my review number 1000 in IMDb and I choose "Before Sunrise" for this significant number because it is a very special film for me. I cannot understand why this movie was not nominated to the Oscar with such a magnificent screenplay direction and performances. Yesterday I have probably watched this movie for the third or fourth time and I still love it. My vote is ten.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Antes do Amanhecer" ("Before Sunrise")
critique4004 A bunch of American students and their tutor decide to visit the ugliest part of Ireland in order to study ancient religious practices. Despite being repeatedly warned about the dangers of straying off the beaten path (by the local creepy Irish guy natch) they do just that and wind up with their insides on the outside courtesy of a family of inbred cannibals (the descendants of the infamous Sawney Bean clan who according to the film's silly plot upped sticks from Scotland and settled on the Emerald Isle).<br /><br />If you think that porn stars plus low budget horror automatically equals tons of nudity and terrible acting then think again: Evil Breed is bristling with adult stars but in fact there's not nearly as much nudity as one might expect given the 'talent' involved and the acting although far from Oscar worthy ain't all that bad (with the exception of Ginger Lynn Allen who we know can do marvellous 'French' but whose Irish is lousy).<br /><br />Evil Breed opens in superb style with the brutal slaughter of a couple of amorous campers: after some brief under-canvas sex the silicone enhanced hottie is dragged from the tent and torn in half; the guy has his arms and legs cut off and is roasted on a spit. It's a very gory start and bodes well for the rest of the film.<br /><br />Unfortunately after this promising beginning things start to go seriously downhill: we are introduced to the main characters an annoying bunch of twenty-somethings just begging to become cannibal chow and are subjected to a fair amount of time wasting in the form of some terrible false scares a lot of blarney about murderous druids from local Irish weirdo Gary (Simon Peacock) and worst of all some sub-Scream post-modernistic conversation about the conventions of horror films (how clever!).<br /><br />Then just as it looks as though the film is never going to get any better director Christian Viel decides to get serious: a guy gets a knife rammed through his head and there's a gratuitous sex-in-the-shower scene featuring lovely blonde Gillian Leigh (NOT a porn star but I'm sure there's a career there waiting if she wants it). After that things improve rapidly as the cannibals kick into top flesh-eating gear and the film is transformed into a veritable bloodbath: Gary has a machete rammed up his ass (about time!) and is strangled with his intestines; Ginger Lynn kick-boxes a mutant; Jenna Jameson is torn open eviscerated and has her silicone breast implant gnawed on by confused cannibal; a guy gets decapitated by cheese wire; and Taylor Hayes is seen bloody bruised and naked with a dead foetus between her legs (apparantly she's been captured and used as breeding stock).<br /><br />All of this is so outrageously gory that it makes sitting through the less interesting stuff worthwhile and earns Evil Breed a final rating of 7/10.<br /><br />NB. A very troubled production and studio meddling resulted in Christian Viel eventually abandoning the project. Re-shoots were done and the gore was heavily trimmed for a US release. The good news is that although the film doesn't flow as well as it might have and is cursed with a terrible ending the UK DVD (the version I watched) seems to have been left relatively intact as far as the splatter is concerned (only 13s were cut from the film in total).
critique4005 I really liked this one. (SPOILERS??) It had a really good plot the main female in this movie is really kewl.<br /><br />Despite the fact that she's the only one left alive and her lover dead it seemed to be much like Ninja Scroll. Another kick ass movie. ;)<br /><br />Watch it in japanese with subtitles. I don't know where the idiots who learned to speak english are but for some reason all dubs get an F in translation techniques. The subtitles are more correct.<br /><br />9/10<br /><br />Quality: 7/10 Entertainment: 10/10 Replayable: 9/10
critique4006 I really like this show. That is why I was disappointed to learn recently that George Lopez is a racist and that he fired Masiela Lusha off the show simply because he discovered that she wasn't a Latino emigrant but was an emigrant from Albania. I learned this from people on the show. She was really one of the better parts of the show and thus to learn that even among those who you would think would be sensitive to racism that they can also hate someone just because of the country where they were born is really disappointing. I really like this show. That is why I was disappointed to learn recently that George Lopez is a racist and that he fired Masiela Lusha off the show simply because he discovered that she wasn't a Latino emigrant but was an emigrant from Albania. I learned this from people on the show. She was really one of the better parts of the show and thus to learn that even among those who you would think would be sensitive to racism that they can also hate someone just because of the country where they were born is really disappointing.
critique4007 When I think of Return of the Jedi I think epic. Yeah Ewoks were in there so what? They're an interesting add to the movie (not to mention they are similar to the Vietcong who were also able to take down a technologically advanced army with primitive acts). Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies. Emperor Palpatine (portrayed by the amazing theater actor Ian McDiarmid) was one the best parts of the movie. Palpatine is so evil and vicious Vader looks like Mr. Rogers compared to him . Speaking of Darth Vader what an amazing end to such an iconic character. Vader is truly a modern day Greek tragedy and I think people can now especially understand and appreciate this after Revenge of the Sith came out. His redemption at the end was moving and really brings a happy yet bittersweet feeling to you. The best part was of course the special effects. It's amazing how a film from the early eighties can still stand the test of time with it's graphics. The scenes at Jabba's palace (Leia looks amazing in that metal bikini) and of course the epic three way battle at the end are still stunning to look at. In all Jedi's deep plot and emotional moments (primarily between Luke Vader and Palpatine and when Luke reveals the truth to Leia) and incredible special effects is a fitting end to one of the most beloved franchises in cinema history.
critique4008 One of the greatest film I have seen this year.Last maybe before sun rise which is also seen late at night alone in the lab. I like the idea of the filmwhich suggest free will of man and our weakness against fate.With time past by James and Kathryn are destined to fail and an indescribable sorrow comes. I do like the end. but a big question also comes. The virus shall not be released again should it?<br /><br />In the last scene in the airport. Jose is sent back to meet James again by future scientists. When he tell him that scientists had already got his message and know someone else would spread the virus. And they two together meet Kathryn when Kathryn tell James the true man is DR. Goines assistant. So it is clearly Jose also get the true information about the virus(James keep an eye on him at the time remember?) and he has teeth. So why everything is still happen?? Why future scientists don't do anything after the truth is revealed?? My biggest question after the film...
critique4009 The movie was fantastic. If your a fan of Bams' cky videos jackass or his show Viva la Bam you cant help but like it. I have a few friends who aren't fans that enjoyed it and others who thought it wasn't that great. Those who didn't like it were mostly female friends they really didn't appreciate some of the crude humor that personally i think made the movie so funny. I'm pretty sure the entire movie was filmed in Bams home town which includes a lot of his regularly visited locations. The cast of is made up of all his friends and cky buddies and also includes some big name pro skateboarders too. The soundtrack is phenomenal with music by HIM. In my opinion Haggard has it all. A great plot characters you'll never see anywhere else. Plenty of humor great music and a cast that was dedicated to the project.
critique4010 Run don't walk to rent this movie. It is re-released on an excellent DVD version. It is primo acting/directing/cinematography in the world of suspense/film noir. Tribute this to the blacklisted American director Jules Dassin who also plays the Italian safe-cracker. See it!
critique4011 For some perverse reason best known to themselves these IMDb boards seem reluctant to credit the great Billy Wilder as co-scriptwriter on at least two (this one and Ninotchka) of his early classics when any buff can detect the Wilder hand at work. As it happens this represented the first time he was teamed with Charles Brackett (who DOES get a credit) and it was a great start. One commenter has noted how satisfying it is to see these type of films in old-fashioned cinemas and I couldn't agree more. In Paris one of the smaller Revival houses shows in one of its salles a more or less continuous Lubitsch retrospective and I'm pleased to report that this played to a very appreciative audience right across the age spectrum though I doubt whether any were actually alive when it was first released in 1938. The famous Wilder schtick the meet-cute is particularly tasty here when millionaire but-careful-with-it Cooper attempts to buy half a set of pajamas in a department store on the Riviera and meets with sales resistance until Claudette Colbert turns up and agrees to buy the other half. The gag is milked even more when having exhausted the chain of command at the store itself the manager places a call to the owner who is in bed and leaves it to reveal that he too is only wearing the top half of pajamas. The film is full of sight-gags like this balanced with verbal wit which makes it just about perfect. Claudette Colbert is only terrific and gets great backing from Edward Everett Horton as her impoverished titled father. David Niven in fourth billing has some funny 'business' as does Franklin Pangborn and if Gary Cooper is not up to his role lacking as he does the verbal dexterity and sophisticated persona that Wilder scripts called for at this stage of his career well you can't have everything and what you DO have is darned near perfect.
critique4012 The third film from the Polish brothers is their best most beautiful imaginative film yet. Though many audiences will have a problem with Northfork's lack of traditional dramatic structure "Stick with it Jack!". The plot is difficult to summarize so just know that the story includes: agents trying to evacuate a city God in a cowboy hat the selling of angel wings and a sick orphan (but it all works). M. David Mullen's extraordinary photography makes almost every frame exciting and wonderful to look at. The performances of the actors working with the Polish Brothers' inspiringly offbeat script are pitch-perfect and give the film its emotional punch. The strong-willed audience member will be moved by the mythology and folk tale of the story the comic and moving actors and finally the incredible courage and command that Michael Polish shows behind the camera. Again all of these incredible and seemingly disjointed elements come together magnificently in one of the most incredible things you should run out and experience. A great great great movie!!!
critique4013 Just a short comment! I want to say that I like this movie very much! Sandra Bullock is my favourite actress. I like the whole story from the beginning until the end! I have it on tape and I can watch it a 100 times it doesn't matter!!!
critique4014 Don't know if this contains any spoilers or not but I don't want to risk being blacklisted until the year 3462.<br /><br />I disagree entirely with the viewer comments that have described *Guns Germs and Steel* as "politically correct" and "neo-Marxist." They cannot have watched the same series that *I* did.<br /><br />The series *I* watched depicted the history of European colonisation in the Americas and southern Africa with no particular inaccuracies. I saw nothing in the series that portrayed Europeans as bad people who happened to be lucky though Europeans often *were* lucky - and there's nothing wrong with luck. Neither did I see native peoples portrayed as poor little innocent things. If anything the Inca was rather arrogant - as you would expect any leader would be when dealing with foreigners if his country has not been conquered in living memory by any other world power. <br /><br />I certainly saw nothing that could be construed as Marxist or Neo-Marxist except by the most incredibly elastic of imaginations.<br /><br />Otherwise many African peoples *do* have a built-in immunity to malaria and other tropical diseases that Europeans lack. At the time they were at the height of their successes the Aztec Maya and Inca civilisations *were* as advanced as any other in the world - and as wealthy; sometimes more so. Aboriginal American and Khoi-San populations *were* decimated by smallpox and other diseases introduced by Europeans; just as European colonists were decimated by tropical diseases like malaria. (NOTE: The Khoi-San peoples are completely different from all other sub-Saharan African peoples.) <br /><br />So I don't see what some of the other commentators are complaining about. The only thing *I* can find to complain about is that the series doesn't tell me anything I did not know by the time I finished seventh grade. There's really nothing new in the way of historical information in this film. It does however present some nice dramatisations of events such as the conquest of the Incas; the production values are very high; and it fills in a few holes here and there that didn't get covered in Mrs. Gruber's Sixth Hour Social Studies Class at Milan Middle School.<br /><br />If you rent or buy this assuming you had a decent primary and/or secondary school education you won't learn anything new but you will have an enjoyable and entertaining time reviewing what you already learned (or should have learned) by the time you hit high school.
critique4015 This movie shows how savage the troubles really are. People who do not want to be involved have no say in the way their lives are altered. This movie shows how the people of Northern Ireland both Catholic and Protestant are held captive. At any moment their lives may be changed forever whether they want to be involved or not.
critique4016 The first music video I ever saw Thriller my mom told me that she took me home from the hospital and when we arrived my sister had MTV on the TV and Thriller was playing my mom said that I smiled. Silly I know but I have loved Michael Jackson since that day the music video Thriller inspired me to dance still I have the dance memorized to this day. I even performed it for an audience 3 times! Words cannot describe the power of this song that makes you wanna sing and dance but Michael of course had to raise the bar for MTV at the time by signing on American Werewolf in London director John Landis and directing the one the only Thriller.<br /><br />Michael and his date Ola Ray run out of gas in a dark wooded area. They walk off into the forest and Michael asks her if she would like to go steady. She accepts and he gives her a ring. He warns her however that he is not like other guys no really not like the other guys. A full moon appears and Michael begins convulsing in agony Ã‚Â– transforming into a horrifying werewolf! His date shrieks and runs away but the werewolf catches up knocking her down and begins lunging at her with its claws. The scene cuts away to a movie theater where Michael and his date are actually watching this scene unfold in a movie called Thriller. Michael smiles but his date is frightened and tells him she's leaving. Michael catches up to her and says that it's only a movie but she doesn't like his jokes on her and she starts walking away. Michael and his date then walk down a foggy street and he teases her with the opening verses of Thriller. They pass a graveyard where corpses suddenly begin to rise from their graves as Vincent Price performs his rap. Michael and his date then find themselves surrounded by the zombies and suddenly Michael becomes a zombie himself. Michael and the undead perform an elaborate song and dance number together followed by the chorus of Thriller.<br /><br />Thriller is arguably the best music video of all time funny thing is people who wanna argue that is with other Michael Jackson videos but what makes Thriller so special is the dance the story the effects this at the time was the most expensive music video of it's day. Michael of course rose that bar again with his famous music video Scream and then again with Ghosts. But say what you will Michael was the star of the 1980's there was no celebrity like him he loved the life he lived it breathed it and embraced it. Thriller is proof that he was willing to work to make the best and that's what we got with the legend that is Thriller.<br /><br />10/10
critique4017 Forget some the whiny (and pointless) comments left here by some. This series is well acted well shot and makes a refreshing change to most of the pap on TV.<br /><br />Any fool can nitpick anything. However in this show the characters are believable the story lines intriguing and compelling (but do require some intelligence on the part of the viewer) overall it's enjoyable and it's British !! (We do occasionally come up with some gems and this is one of them).<br /><br />The shows are an hour long each and i think there are four of them all together (at least I've only seen four of them). The show clearly impressed some U.S. TV station/director who made a longer series which was nowhere near as compelling in spite of the bigger budget.<br /><br />If like soaps and reality shows you won't like or understand Eleventh Hour.
critique4018 >>>>Author: msgreen-1 from Canada >>>>The big problem was the "China Syndrome" claim - that if the reactor error occurred and radioactive waste leaked out it could burn its way straight through the earth to China. A lot of people have made fun of this and if the movie makers meant it seriously then yes it should be made fun of. The spill wouldn't make it anywhere near the center of the earth or even the molten rock. Even if it did make it to the center of the Earth how would it come out in China? It would have to flow against gravity the rest of the way! Also China is not the opposite side of the world the Indian Ocean is.<<<<< ......... ......... ........................ ................ ..................... .................. .............. ............ ................<br /><br />This point is brought up by the characters of the film saying that of course it could not happen as the core would hit ground water and release a radio-active cloud raining down on the population.<br /><br />Before you try to find a weak point in the film you should watch it first!!!! Don't judge a book by it's title...
critique4019 I have to admit that I liked this film much more than I expected to. Will Smith has that clean-cut charm that you just can't help but like. The plot was a minor twist on basic romantic comedy stuff somewhat reminiscent of Jane Austen's "Emma". This guy Kevin James has a real flair for comic timing and physical comedy. I have never seen his TV show but he was cast very well in this film. Amber Valletta was good enough. I can't remember why she was a rich celebrity in this film but if she was supposed to be an actress or model then the casting might have left something to be desired. I enjoyed Julie Ann Emery and wish she'd had a larger part. But saving the best for last Eva Mendes more or less stole the show. Her beauty and charm and just the right amount of standoffishness had me glued to the screen whenever she was there. I hope to see more of her in the future. This film is definitely worth checking out.
critique4020 Turning Isherwood's somewhat dark and utterly brilliant novel into light comedic romp could easily have been a recipe for disaster but somewhow it wasn't . The story moves at a zanily rapid pace and the black and white imagery is gorgeous as are Harvey and Harris as they ham their way through a wacky Weimar Berlin. Fun!
critique4021 The movie never claims to be something spectacular like many films do. The films props itself as a fun and entertaining time. And that's exactly what it was. It is the Korean version of a male Bring It On.<br /><br />From the get go you can feel for the rest of the film and how it will end but the enjoyment is not in the surprise twists nor is it the way the film is a carbon copy of another. Instead the enjoyment is held in the journey of how the 2 remaining "thugs" came to be men in their own right. Therefore the film is fun and entertaining.<br /><br />The camera work specially the dolly moves were very well executed. The script being a tad weak was overly enjoyable in the fact that the characters were not 2 dimensional but they were full of life and desire. This film will not win any Oscars nor any DVD blockbuster sales but a fun watch and a fun experience.
critique4022 H.G. Wells story the shape of things to come was made into a movie in 1935.very well made science fiction tale about a war that lasts for decades.great cast includes;Raymond Massey(arsenic and old lace) Sir Cedric Hardwick(ghost of Frankenstein)Ralph Richardson(time bandits) and Margaretta Scott.early glimpses of helicoptershologramsa rocket shipand futuristic cities.this film was ahead of its time.directed by William Cameron Menzies(invaders from mars)its very enjoyable much like the earlier movie metropolis(1927)but avoid the so called sequel the shape of things to comethat was made in 1979. this movie has nothing to do with the original.h.g. wells like Jules Verne had a vision for the future with his stories.a classic science fiction movie.10 out of 10
critique4023 This is not the typical Mel Brooks film. It was much less slapstick than most of his movies and actually had a plot that was followable. Leslie Ann Warren made the movie she is such a fantastic under-rated actress. There were some moments that could have been fleshed out a bit more and some scenes that could probably have been cut to make the room to do so but all in all this is worth the price to rent and see it. The acting was good overall Brooks himself did a good job without his characteristic speaking to directly to the audience. Again Warren was the best actor in the movie but "Fume" and "Sailor" both played their parts well.
critique4024 My favourite police series of all time turns to a TV-film. Does it work? Yes. Gee runs for mayor and gets shot. The Homicide "hall of fame" turns up. Pembleton and nearly all of the cops who ever played in this series. A lot of flashbacks helps you who hasnÃ‚Â´t seen the TV-series but it amuses the fans too. The last five minutes solves another murder and at the very end even two of the dead cops turn up. And a short appearance from my favourite coroner Juliana Cox. This is a good film.
critique4025 In Paris the shy and insecure bureaucrat Trelkovsky (Roman Polanski) rents an old apartment without bathroom where the previous tenant the Egyptologist Simone Choule (Dominique Poulange) committed suicide. The unfriendly concierge (Shelley Winters) and the tough landlord Mr. Zy (Melvyn Douglas) establish stringent rules of behavior and Trekovsky feels ridden by his neighbors. Meanwhile he visits Simone in the hospital and befriends her girlfriend Stella (Isabelle Adjani). After the death of Simone Trekovsky feels obsessed for her and believes his landlord and neighbors are plotting a scheme to force him to also commit suicide. <br /><br />The weird "Le Locataire" is a disturbing and creepy tale of paranoia and delusion. The story and the process of madness and loss of identity of the lonely Trelkovsky are slowly developed in a nightmarish atmosphere in the gruesome location of his apartment and what is happening indeed is totally unpredictable. The performances are awesome and Isabelle Adjani is extremely beautiful. My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "O Inquilino" ("The Tenant")
critique4026 Obviously Ponyo can be seen as just not another stupid animated movie that a studio might put out to simply survive. It is far from it and it can be easily described as a captivating beautiful movie experience.<br /><br />Miyazaki has indeed another masterpiece. Now to many this has been said to be the least of his achievements in film-making due to in part of his "certain weirdness factor" not being there. That is true-the morals and insights that are not quite so evident in his previous films are very up front in this picture. Ponyo is not too difficult to understand or comprehend. His idea I believe was to make a children's movie that was just as suitable for adults as their kids and for it not to be too complicated. He accomplished this perfectly and he also didn't lose any substance along the way which is the reason it gets a 10.<br /><br />Besides that the film itself is so engrossing from the start and the way its presented is so beautiful it left me in awe at times because I remembered how they were all hand-drawn by Miyazaki himself. I haven't been so enlightened and happy after seeing a film since I saw Once a while back (another film not to be missed). Everything about Ponyo was absolutely stunning and breathtaking; even the music for it was pure perfection. The only bad thing I have to say about it was its English dubbing. Don't get me wrong they were good too but I had seen Ponyo about 2 weeks before it came out nationally and I believed that in some parts I wish it had kept some of its Japanese dialogue (not all of it though; did enjoy the "English way" too). All in all everyone should see Ponyo; it's absolutely flawless and in another league of film-making altogether. Finally and don't hold me to this but I wouldn't be surprised if Ponyo got a Best Picture nomination as there are now 10 films that can be nominated for it. It's just that good.
critique4027 Until today I thought there only three people including me who considered Heaven's Gate (1980)to be a masterpiece and perhaps the last great western (since the 1970) after Little Big Man (1970) Jeremiah Johnson (1972) The Outlaw Josey Wales (1976) and The Long Riders (1980).<br /><br /> I was stunned and pleased to see that 22.5% of those voting at IMDB rate this movie a 10 as do I. A recent book the Worst Movies of All Time includes Heaven's Gate. Through it's production and release it was vilified as no movie since Cleopatra almost twenty years before. At one time it was considered the most expensive over-budget movie of all time surpassing even Cleopatra. It was blamed for the downfall of its studio United Artists until everyone finally saw all the studios were falling. Michael Cimino fresh from his glory with the Deer Hunter was hated and despised for his success and movie making excess but clearly that was petty jealousy at its worst.<br /><br /> Cimino ended up fashioning one of the great expositions of the American experience. This film is not to be missed but any serious student of American filmmaking.
critique4028 I didn't expect much from this movie it was just one of those movies I thought I'd just watch because it was on television. i certainly underestimated this movie. <br /><br />It's about a guy who kills his girlfriend and brags to his friends. I was very happy with the acting they had the characters played well. It was a particularly great scene when Feck(Dennis Hopper) and John(Daniel Roebuck) are talking to each other about why John killed Jamie. It's upsetting to hear how he explains that he wanted to feel control and thats why. But Feck had loved the girl he had killed. Feck felt remorse while John felt nothing hell he was proud of what he'd done. It really makes you think about people. Keanu Reeves did a great job as Matt and Ione Skye was good. It's weird to see her as a valedictorian in 'Say Anything' and her as Clarissa. Every actor did great at .....acting. It was real nice for a change. It was a great movie and I would definitely say I recommend it.
critique4029 Director Vincenzo Natali's Cypher is a complex and imaginative thriller which although requiring some suspension of belief and plenty of concentration manages to be a thoroughly entertaining experience.<br /><br />Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) a stay-at-home husband with an overbearing wife decides to add a bit of spice to his mundane existence by getting a job as an industrial spy at high-tech company Digi Corp. His job is to travel to conferences across the country (under the assumed identity of Jack Thursby) and secretly broadcast the speeches given back to his bosses via a nifty little electronic pen-gizmo.<br /><br />In reality however the speeches are merely a cover for far more nefarious activities. Morgan along with his fellow conference attendees is being brainwashed. The drugged water they are drinking puts them into a temporary coma during which they are told to forget their pasts and permanently adopt their new identities. Once they are totally convinced that they are someone else they are told to apply for jobs with rival companies where they are able to indulge in corporate espionage without suspicion.<br /><br />But Digi Corp's plans are scuppered by the intervention of shady operative-for-hire Rita Foster (Lucy Liu) who opens Morgan's eyes to what is really happening. She gives Morgan an antidote to the mind altering drugs so that he can resist the brainwashing techniques. She also warns him that if Digi Corp suspects that he does not fully believe he is Jack Thursby then he will be 'eliminated'. Morgan plays along and applies for a job at rival business Sunways.<br /><br />However arriving at his new workplace he is given a polygraph test and is immediately rumbled as a spy. Fortunately the bosses at Sunways see this as an ideal opportunity to feed false data to Digi Corp and Morgan becomes a double agent.<br /><br />From hereon in things get progressively more complicated; the plot twists and turns and poor old Morgan ends up not being able to trust anyone. In an exciting finale all eventually becomes clear (but only if you've been following events very carefully).<br /><br />Director Natali handles proceedings confidently and certainly has a great ability to produce a classy looking film for a relatively low budget. He manages to get some great performances from his talented cast; Jeremy Northamin particular is fantasticÃ‚Â—his portrayal of the initially somewhat nervous Morgan is played to perfection.<br /><br />Cypher is another fascinating movie from a director who is willing to take chances and I eagerly look forward to his forthcoming projects High Rise and Necropolis.
critique4030 First off this is not supposed to be a brilliant and thought provoking film like so many other reviewers seem to compare it to. the first review says something along the lines of anyone who likes this knows nothing about horror cinema apparently its the other way around. If one were to look back after the film it really wasn't meant to be convincing it was a low budget ipecac. But really thats all it was aiming for it was meant to blow viewers away with sheer shock value (and all the flaws it its visuals were much less noticeable back in the original VHS versions). <br /><br />I gave this one a high score because it reached its goal and even though it was not downright horrific (in non-shock sense) it did make me slightly sick and thoroughly paranoid/pessimistic(i didn't trust anyone for about a week because i didn't want to wake up strung up and tortured)
critique4031 The viewer who said he was disappointed seems to be wildly missing the point here. This is a superb movie excellent and realistic portrayals of a middle class Jewish family in Brighton Beach Brooklyn of long ago. The nuances are perfect and I felt the casting of everyone was superior. I especially found the acting done by Judith Ivey just perfection---especially the speech she has with her daughter when the daughter comes home late one night. That scene was Oscar worthy. But really all the acting was fine. I recommend this movie. It is a fun family film and delightful to see how a lovely middle class family lived in Brooklyn so long ago. See it and you will be glad you did. Has some very funny lines and the Eugene character is a real comedian--very funny.
critique4032 The first episode of 'Man to Man with Dean Learner' that just aired was at least up to scratch with most episodes of 'Garth Marenghi's Darkplace' and had me at "My Maisonette". Hope it keeps up the good work of 'faux terribles' on my TV. Richard Ayoade is one of the best in the new breed of "alternative comedy"(I hate this phrase but am too lazy too think of another one.) comedians on TV today.I'm glad that on a trip of local DVD retailers today "Garth Marenghi's Darkplace" was sold out across the board. Even from his brief stint in Nathan Barley I knew that Ayoade was a serious talent and I'm sure he would have been great as Dixon Bainbridge in 'The Mighty Boosh' To continued success! In the vein of these programs I also felt it necessary to extend my review in order to secure a place on this public domain.
critique4033 Shtrafbat is the story only Russians could tell about the Second World War. The largest front of the whole conflict has been ironically the least appearing subject on the silver screen after the war. While the Western Allies war-effort has been pictured in almost every possible detail and manner the East has been left out or the job has been left to only some old propaganda movies of little else than historical footage value.<br /><br />There is no chance that Shtrafbat could compete with Band of Brothers in every detail but neither you want to look at the screen with examining petty visual effects in mind. That the soldiers are Russians is enough big reason to forgive the less eye-captivating battle scenes and you can concentrate on the story that is the most interesting. So much different was the war in the Eastern front and the nature of the Russian army that you might wish people to produce more dramatizations from the other fronts and of armies.<br /><br />Shtrafbat is no way perfect but it has some rare specialties that augment the overall rating. It tends to crush myths people have about the Second World War the true heroes were Russian people and not their leaders who sent them to missions where they could only perish. Another great myth bust is that it presents the enemy who does not pick up his gun as an equal human being - an advancement that has been difficult to try in many acclaimed films as well. Shtrafbat shows how the war in the eastern front was a war of survival and how the clash of the -isms grinds people into dust.
critique4034 Not for those adrenaline maniacs etc It's a good movie looking at after war psychical problem from the other point of view. <br /><br />Emilio Estevez is great as a young man haunted by the demons of Vietnam war causing problem in family. <br /><br />Marin Sheen is also good as a conservative father.<br /><br />It all comes down to the problem how to deal with the past with whom<br /><br />Emilion Estevez's character can't seem to deal and Martin Sheen's character don't want do deal with.<br /><br />Protective mother looks at this problem with warm  and open heart but with her mind closed for the obvious reasons.
critique4035 The role of economics in the industrialized North American market must have always been theorized in the homelands of the engines creation. Persons and industrialist such as Mercedes Benz and the Bavarian Motor Works (BMW) surely realized the opportunity of the North Ameircan market with the purchase of fuel and number of automobiles purchased per household. This type of economic phenomena sparked the concept of Speed Racer.<br /><br />After the new constitution of Japan the industrialization of the isolated island nation of Japan must seek opportunity once again via economic partnerships with its global neighbors. This also helped spark the economic opportunities in the European and North American market if not the global market.<br /><br />Speed is a young avid driver who without knowing any better is driven by his demanding father Pops Racer who has challenged himself his whole life to make a better machine better at winning races. It was in fact Pops Racer who drove his first son Rex Racer to the brink of destruction with his strategy of how to best use the technology he developed. As a mature Racer Rex finally realizes his own inherent values and becomes independent but still feels obligated to his younger bother Speed.<br /><br />The exact relationship of Rex Racer to persons such as the Inspector are never really clear but put into dramatization. Rex is eventually accused of being a type of agent for a country or organization due to his ability to be in places at times when there is no other explanation to how he would have known Speed was in trouble. Or the fact that the situations involved some types of illegal activity were his secretive knowledge is leveraged against an evil plot. This brings a level of cloak and dagger romance to Speed Racer.<br /><br />The mixture of Speeds innocence with Trixy Sprital and Chim Chim brings a level of comic human nature. This concept is a good form of rhetoric to balance the themes and plots as they are played out from episode to episode. So instead of a dry detective story the thrill of international race car driving romance of cloak and dagger and comedy of human nature is put into one story Speed Racer.
critique4036 It was a rare treat to see "Checking Out". I was touched by the characters laughed a lot at the wonderful script and was deeply moved by the genuine emotions magnificently portrayed by this ensemble cast and especially by Peter Falk. In fact one of his scenes in the kitchen of his apartment with his children where he tells of his experience of his life his deep love for his wife and his decisions about his life going forward is so profoundly real that it is at the highest level of the best Academy Award-winning performances. He is a consummate actor who out-did himself in this film. The screenwriter offers a combination of literary knowledge timing a gift for dialogue and hilarious situations that had me laughing out loud in the theater. I highly recommend "Checking Out" to everyone wanting to enjoy quality storytelling superbly acted.
critique4037 I saw this film for the first time last night. I have been thinking about it all night and this morning. I cannot say that it was my favorite film at least not yet. I need to see it again. <br /><br />The cinematography is stunning. Each shot has a lyricism that one would expect in a film that has Wim Wenders's name attached to it.<br /><br />It is always tempting to see de Chirico in any picture of rows of orders vanishing into the gloom but in this case the analogy fits. In many ways the figure of Malkovich walking through the fog and wind of Ferarra echoes the shadow of the off-canvas statue that haunts Milan in the major works of the Italo-Greek painter. He is slightly menacing a presence who watches and in his capacity as a film director exerts influence on the entire story. <br /><br />The dedicated Wenders fan cannot help but think a little bit of Damiel and Cassiel wandering through the streets of Berlin watching all but not directly interacting with the inhabitants. And following the Himmel Uber Berlin metaphor the angel (or in this case Malkovich the Director) gets to interact with one of the stories. <br /><br />At this point I have to bow out of taking this line of criticism too far. I need to see the movie again. I am fairly sure that this is the thread that will bring Malkovich's monologue together. <br /><br />Perhaps his musings and pontifications are pretentious empty dialog that sound good but cannot possibly be parsed into real communication. Maybe that is the whole point of it. No one can make that judgment with any degree of certainty or authority until having done his homework.<br /><br />We must be careful when throwing around the word "pretentious." It is easy to write off anything that smacks of the intellect as pretension but that leads to a terrifying mental state one in which the only conversation seen as genuine earthy or authentic is the most banal. When we shun all discussions of philosophy God existence meaning and all that brain candy we are setting our culture up to die a slow stupid and ugly death. Perhaps this is the warning that Wenders and Antonioni are giving us. It certainly is not the only theme of the film but I think that it cannot be ignored.<br /><br />The other (and most obvious) leitmotif is that of satisfaction. There is a lot here on that and a thorough review of all the subtleties and consequences of the development of this leitmotif would well exceed the 1000 word limit for this review.<br /><br />My advice is to see the film. But I offer a caveat: it is not an autonomous film (at least I don't think so yet). Some films interact with the intellectual and artistic thinking of their times so much that the viewer needs to have a background in the Zeitgeist before approaching the film. Par-dela les nuages is one of those films.
critique4038 Shirley MacLaine in another tailor-made role. As the aunt to a single mom in a 1962 working-class Chicago neighborhood the veteran character actress gets another work-out as a gutsy woman who won't let any set-backs defeat her spirit of success. The children a pre-teen boy and girl are drawn to their spirited Aunt Zoe although the many magic tricks and practical jokes learned from her and applied at all the wrong opportunities eventually get them expelled from school.<br /><br />The plot is cleverly enveloped in the Cuban Missile Crisis with all of the social implications. Men building bomb shelters people watching news programs on what seemed to be the only TV set at a diner and a general mist of uneasiness and fear in the air. When a "harmless" miracle is blown out of proportions the climactic conclusion nonetheless makes the viewer feel good. Yes Virginia the sun will come up tomorrow! Clearly a small-budget production this is still a sweet little film filled with the magic that Sunday Matinees were made of. With a few choice "Oldies" thrown into an effective Sound Track the whole family is sure to enjoy this one.****
critique4039 I really like this movie because in Australia Chinese movies like these never get shown during prime time. I must say this is one of the best serious movies ever which outlines the difference between the Hong Kong people and mainland Chinese. It really shows that there's discomfort between the two but can only get better as HK are learning Mandarin. It also showed me how in mainland China the indie rock scene exists and that Chinese people do know how to strum the guitar and get the house funking! Whoever said China isn't ready for rock music? Daniel Wu is absolutely superb with his clean and crisp voice honest acting and a total chick magnet. I recommend this movie to those who don't know much about Asian people to cleanse themselves from the typical Western stereotypes and people who just love Chinese/Asian cinema like myself. Check it out!
critique4040 This movie is great entertainment to watch with the wife or girlfriend. There are laughs galore and some very interesting little nudist stories going on here. The actresses are all very interesting and definitely worth watching in their natural beauty. Maslin beach life is full of diverse nudists and personality types. The Australian coast scenery is simply splendid to see. What a place to visit to say the least and one day it may become my hideaway. I really enjoy this movie and every time I watch it I enjoy it more. I would love to see more of these characters and I always wonder what became of them. Although the plot is somewhat soft this movie is of course a great excuse to just sit back on the couch and enjoy the wonderful and famous Maslin beach with these wonderful nudists and their own personal stories.
critique4041 Homegrown is one of those movies which sort of fell through the cracks but deserves better. When I first saw it I had a luke-warm reaction. But over time it's really grown on me--no pun intended ;-). The more I see it the more I appreciate it. The writing is top-notch as is the acting. Throw in a few surprising cameos and good direction and you end up with a great little film.<br /><br />It's also good to finally see Hank Azaria get a chance to shine in a starring role. And Thornton delivers his usual quality performance. Even relative newcomer Ryan Phillippe delivers playing a friendly innocent with wit and subtlety.<br /><br />On a side note Homegrown is simply a "must see" if you're a Billy Bob Thornton fan. It appears Stephen Gyllenhaal was influenced by earlier Thornton projects like One False Move and Sling Blade (though Homegrown is certainly a lot more tongue-in-cheek than either). And Thornton's role as a character who is both sophisticated and down-to-earth is a perfect match for the actor.
critique4042 Watching this little movie is a sheer delight from start to finish. The story is always entertaining the tension never loosing up. The whole cast is wonderful. The teaming of Walken and Bracco works to perfection it is almost like an echo of a classic screwball romance. Bracco is very sexy and really funny as the scam artist who fights for her independence. For some reason they gave Walken a very strange make up and the weirdest haircut I can imagine Ã‚Â– it's sort of a parody of the one Burt Lancaster had in Elmer Gantry. For me it added to the pleasure. It's the first movie I saw Miguel Ferrer in probably one of the most under-appreciated movie actors of his generation. He's very good in a small role as Bracco's pimp. Even the Jamaican thugs are a sight to behold. I can highly recommend this movie.
critique4043 What was always missing with the Matrix story was how things came to be in the real world. Say no more because this part of the story covered most of the bases. What was truly interesting was how political it was maybe even a cheap shot at the current presidential administration. Fascism and violence were the only things man could think of in regards to fighting the robotic horde who were meant as nothing more than servants to humanity. What I also found interesting was the use of fear and how it was perpetuated by the idea of the unknown. We as humans tend to fall into that trap quite often letting the lack of logic and thought overtake us because people can't believe the contrary. Well represented and put together this a true testament to how illogical humans can be.
critique4044 The funky yet strictly second-tier British glam-rock band Strange Fruit breaks up at the end of the wild'n'wacky excess-ridden 70's. The individual band members go their separate ways and uncomfortably settle into lackluster middle age in the dull and uneventful 90's: morose keyboardist Stephen Rea winds up penniless and down on his luck vain neurotic pretentious lead singer Bill Nighy tries (and fails) to pursue a floundering solo career paranoid drummer Timothy Spall resides in obscurity on a remote farm so he can avoid paying a hefty back taxes debt and surly bass player Jimmy Nail installs roofs for a living. Former loving groupie turned patient understanding long-suffering manager Juliet Aubrey gets the group back together for an ill-advised largely ineffectual and hilariously disastrous twenty years later nostalgic reunion tour of Europe. Our lovably ragged bunch try gamely but fumblingly to reignite a flame that once burned quite brightly back in the day. Scraggly zonked-out roadie Billy Connelly and cocky eager beaver young guitarist Hans Matheson tag along for the delightfully bumpy trouble-plagued but still ultimately rewarding and enjoyable ride.<br /><br />Director Brian Gibson shows tremendously infectious respect and adoration for both his amiably screwy characters in particular and loud ringing flamboyantly overblown preening 70's rock in general this imbuing this affectionate little pip with an utterly engaging sense of big-hearted charm and tireless verve. The astute sharply written script by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais likewise bristles with spot-on dry wit and finely observed moments of joyous on the road inanity capturing a certain bittersweetly affecting and frequently uproarious vibe that gives the picture itself an irresistibly luminescent glow. Ashley Rowe's lovely elegant cinematography ensures that the movie always looks quite visually sumptuous while the perfectly catchy and groovy music does the trick with right-on rockin' flair and aplomb. Kudos also to the across-the-board terrific performances that vividly nail the burnt-out soul and tattered but still fiercely beating heart of a past its prime has-been ragtag rock outfit desperate to regain its erstwhile evanescent glory in one final bid for big time success. All in all this radiant and touching gem rates highly as one of the true seriocomic sleeper treats from the 90's.
critique4045 Great documentary about the lives of NY firefighters during the worst terrorist attack of all time.. That reason alone is why this should be a must see collectors item.. What shocked me was not only the attacks but the"High Fat Diet" and physical appearance of some of these firefighters. I think a lot of Doctors would agree with me thatin the physical shape they were in some of these firefighters would NOT of made it to the 79th floor carrying over 60 lbs of gear. Having said that i now have a greater respect for firefighters and i realize becoming a firefighter is a life altering job. The French have a history of making great documentary's and that is what this is a Great Documentary.....
critique4046 Ship Ahoy was probably made in order to showcase MGM talent. The film is a fun trip on an ocean liner on its way to San Juan Puerto Rico at the time in which the country was involved in WWII. This was typical fare for the studios which gave the movie going public light weight entertainment as a distraction during those difficult times the country was living.<br /><br />The beautiful Eleanor Powell is seen at her best in some musical numbers where she clearly shows us she was a dancer to be reckoned with. Red Skelton is also seen in a straight part with not too much clowning as he pursues the beautiful Ms. Powell on the ship that is bringing them to Puerto Rico. The irresistible Bert Lahr has good opportunities in the film to show he was a funny man. Also Virginia Grey is seen as a fun girl who is not fooled by anyone.<br /><br />There are good musical numbers featuring Tommy Dorsey and his orchestra in which one sees among others the amazing Buddy Rich who has a few solos with Mr. Dorsey and Ms. Powell. A young Frank Sinatra appears also as the lead singer of the band backed by the Pied Pipers.<br /><br />This is a nostalgic trip that should be savored by fans of this genre which MGM totally controlled.
critique4047 This movie was beautiful. It was full of memorable imagery good acting and touching subject matter. It would be very easy to write it off as being too sentimental but that is the sentiments this type of a movie is trying to achieve. I was totally involved in the story's unfolding and presentation. There were a few cheesy shots but such is to be expected in a religious propaganda film. The only complaint I can conjure is there wasn't a ton of details. However this movie wasn't created to explain every element of Joseph Smith's life ministry triumphs controversies failures etc.; it was designed for a quick glimpse at a few highlights of one of the most amazing American and historical religious figures of all time.
critique4048 i see hundreds of student films- this is tops. james cox is a fantastic director- he moves the camera tells the story and uses music in a way that is far advanced for his years. no wonder he got a feature from this film.<br /><br />
critique4049 This is an extraordinary film that tricks you constantly. It seems to be heading toward cliche at several points and then something astonishing will happen that genuinely startles. It would give away too much to say much more but stick with this film and you will be richly rewarded. William Haines is absolutely delightful - he is certainly a star that deserves to be re-discovered. The gay subtext in his relationship with Jack Pickford is amazing - there is even a scene where Haines rubs Pickford's chest (Pickford has a cold). Both actors play this sub-text subtlely and with great depth of emotion so that there are moments that are very moving. And I never thought I could get so involved in a football match as I did in this movie - and I don't even understand the rules! Also excellent is Francis X. Bushman's son Ralph as Haines' rival for the girl (yes it's not completely a gay movie). Wonderful silent classic - a great example of Twenties commercial cinema with an edge.
critique4050 Read My Lips (Sur mes lÃƒÂ¨vres) (which probably has different idiomatic resonance in its French title) is a nifty twisty contemporary tale of office politics that unexpectedly becomes a crime caper as the unusually matched characters slide up and down an ethical and sensual slippery slope.<br /><br />The two leads are magnetic Emmanuelle Devos (who I've never seen before despite her lengthy resume in French movies) and an even more disheveled than usual Vincent Cassel (who has brought a sexy and/or threatening look and voice to some US movies).<br /><br />The first half of the movie is on her turf in a competitive real estate office and he's the neophyte. The second half is on his turf as an ex-con and her wrenching adaptation to that milieu.<br /><br />Writer/director Jacques Audiard very cleverly uses the woman's isolating hearing disability as an entrÃƒÂ©e for us into her perceptions turning the sound up and down for us to hear as she does (so it's even more annoying than usual when audience members talk) using visuals as sensory reactors as well.<br /><br />None of the characters act as anticipated (she is not like that pliable victim from "In the Company of Men" not in individual interactions not in scenes and not in the overall arc of the unpredictable story line (well until the last shot but heck the audience was waiting for that fulfillment) as we move from a hectic modern office to a hectic disco to romantic and criminal stake-outs. <br /><br />There is a side story that's thematically redundant and unnecessary but that just gives us a few minutes to catch our breaths.<br /><br />This is one of my favorites of the year! <br /><br />(originally written 7/28/2002)
critique4051 This 1934 adaptation of Somerset Maugham's novel put Bette Davis on the map as a movie actress. She might have won an Academy Award for her performance but the films was made on loan so her studio didn't push for her. Her acting in this one doesn't come off well by today's standards. As the heartless waitress who jerks Philip a sensitive medical student around and nearly ruins his life Davis is way too shrill almost demonic. Director John Cromwell who usually elicited good performances from his actresses was perhaps overwhelmed by this one. Davis is watchable for sure but so strident and predatory as to seem scarcely human. I imagine the character of Millie as quieter less feminine than Davis with maybe a touch of the tomboy. Davis is such a strong immediate presence that's there's no air of mystery to her which makes Philip's attraction to her seem more overtly masochistic than it should be.<br /><br />As Philip Leslie Howard is excellent. His wan somewhat wilted good looks are perfect for this failed aesthete. Nor does he impose a personal interpretation on the part as say Dirk Bogarde might have done which gives his work a rare clarity. He seems completely in control here as he should be playing a man with a rational intellect who is in the grip of irrational emotions he cannot manage or even fully satisfy as the object of his affections moves him in ways he cannot understand. Howard was a fine actor too often cast in standard romantic parts which compelled him to fall back on charm which he doesn't use here.<br /><br />It's been so long since I've read the book I don't feel comfortable commenting on the movie's faithfulness to it. I think it captures the spirit of the story well enough and that it has in Howard a perfect Philip Carey. The sexual undercurrents are muted and at times Philip behaves so masochistically that in the absence of strong sex feelings makes one wonder about the character's sanity surely not Mr. Maugham's intention. Thanks to Howard's performance Philip remains firmly in focus as one can see in his various responses to and yearnings for Millie the extremes to which a reasonable intellect will go to understand the irrational in himself and in others. <br /><br />Overall a very good film a little stilted at times due to its age it evokes London nicely and is well acted for the most part.
critique4052 Burt Reynolds directed this action movie and (surprise!) he is actually a pretty good director. This movie starts off well as Burt's attempted bust of a drug dealer is botched and he is demoted down to the vice squad. The ensemble cast has some pretty funny scenes as Brian Kieth is always eating something Bernie Casey has more class than all of his co-workers combined and Charles Durning loses control of his squad.<br /><br />The vice cops stumble on a high-priced call-girl ring that may have something to do with a series of murders. Sharkey spends days staking out Dominoe's (Rachel Ward) apartment and starts to really adore her from afar.<br /><br />Just when they are getting close to the crime leader Dominoe is murdered. I won't give away any of the surprises in the plot but the first hour of this film is great.<br /><br />Unfortunately the screenplay gets very clichÃƒÂ©d and unbelievable after that.<br /><br />Why would Burt Reynolds confront the crime boss with his big secret? Sure it makes the guy sweat but it causes many more cops to be killed. And it is not believable that Dominoe and Sharkey would make love after they have know each other for one day much less while their lives are in danger. And at the end what happened to all the police that run into the building with our heroes? Isn't there a SWAT team? Also the film never actually tells you how all of the bad guys are connected and why they have to kill so many people.<br /><br />There is a very effective torture scene on a boat near the end of the film which is probably the only really nail-biting scene of the film. It is a shame that the climax is a typical shoot-em-up. Still this film is certainly entertaining if you like crime and action movies. Don't think about the plot holes and you will have a good time.
critique4053 As a child I always hated being forced to sit through musicals. I never understood why people would break out into song like that and I was far too young to appreciate the artistry (choreography set design costumes pacing) behind it all. Carol Reed's "Oliver!" was the one musical I remember oddly enjoying as a child probably because it is one of the darker ones and is appropriately drenched in the spirit of Dickensian squalor. This is a musical about ghetto life in Victorian London and while the scenery and set designs are stark dark and true to that way of life it is flat out bizarre for people to be breaking out into such ridiculous songs amidst their misery. Upon a recent viewing my first since childhood I have some new thoughts and insights into why this musical "works" in that bizarre breaking out into song kind of way and why most just don't do it for me.<br /><br />When musicals work or really say something it is because they realize their own inherent strangeness. Lars von Trier's "Dancer in the Dark" as tragic and operatic and over reaching as it was worked as a musical because the musical numbers were the products of the imagination of the protagonist an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicals. Likewise the very cynical and enjoyable "Chicago" worked on a similar level because the musical numbers were the products of a homicidal ingenue singer/dancer. Musicals don't work when they take their own musical-nature too seriously (like in "Moulin Rouge") or are simply too much fluff about nothing (i.e. something pointless like "Mary Poppins"). Upon viewing "Oliver!" for the first time as an adult I saw it in a new light. Told mostly from the point of view young Oliver I saw the musical numbers as the products of his childhood imagination and his way of coping with the horrors of ghetto life around him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy got everyone in the tavern signing and dancing about the joys of getting drunk (as a cover to help poor Oliver escape the clutches of the evil Bill Sykes). It was undeniably catchy and sounded like a real pub tune that drunks might start singing around a piano. There are other great and classic tunes to be heard here and the direction and acting from the leads to the dancing extras are all top notch.<br /><br />Still for all its bleakness (although it does have a happy ending for Oliver at least though certainly things didn't end happily for Nancy and unless you think a life on the streets being a pick-pocket is fun it wasn't a necessarily a good ending for Fagin or the Dodger despite their peppy closing tune) I wouldn't really classify this as a family film though I don't think showing it to kids over the age of seven or eight will do any harm. This is a harsh tale about an unfortunate orphan trying to survive on the streets and find some happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on this some how perhaps a revisionist take on it where people on the streets of Compton break into happy songs about their horrible lives. I'd like to see a hard-edged hip-hop version of "Oliver!". I always thought Dickens would translate well in those regards. As it stands "Oliver!" was probably the last of the great film musicals and maybe the strangest G-rated film I've ever seen.
critique4054 Barman directed Any Way the Wind Blows as he would sing a dEUS song. Anarchy rules over a logical and common strain of thoughts. The story behind this movie just goes any which way the wind blows. And that can truly be refreshing to watch if you are prepared and willing that is. Viewers who state that there is nothing to keep the story-lines together are right. Who the hell is that Windman anyway? Still I really enjoyed this movie. Antwerp is a beautiful bustling happening place and Any Way captures that feeling. It also captures the silliness the racism the bureaucracy the addictions and the violence that survives undetected in a seemingly friendly city. The movie is entertaining funny and a little shallow. Barman's screen debut will not make as heavy an impact as his music debut. In that light some might be disappointed. But then again 'Worst Case Scenario' would be a subtle subtitle for Any Way the Wind Blows.
critique4055 ccmovieman-1 must be as the reviewer in the New York Times who preferred the Janis Joplin Big Brother and the Holding Company album to the just released Beatles'"White" album was called either evil or insane. National Velvet is a great film. Elizabeth Taylor's performance is fantastic and I fail to discern even a trace of accent much less too much of one. Her performance is very natural authentic and unbelievably charming. The rest of the cast is superb especially Rooney and Revere. <br /><br />As far as the dialog being hokey or sentimental I suggest cc has dined too long on a diet of irony and has lost the ability to discern genuine straight-forward emotion and human interaction. There was a time when people actually did think and talk in such a manner. Not that this film doesn't have a slight hint of the magical permeating through it. That is the reason to tell the story. One might as well criticize the Wizard of Oz King Kong The Maltese Falcon Casablanca The Black Stallion ( the other great horse film ) or a thousand other films for having action and dialog that seem richer than real life. No my friend National Velvet endures because of its belief firmly in itself with tongue firmly not in cheek. Something today's jaded filmmakers find nearly impossible to recreate.
critique4056 I really enjoyed the pilot it was as amazing as I hoped it would be if not better. Patrick Warburton was a riot although at first i thought that I wouldn't be able to stand his character. Him and Megyn Price Had little chemistry at all but hopefully as the season goes on they'll get more comfortable around each other. It must have been weird for Megyn to go from being the star on her last show "Grounded For Life" to being a co-star. <br /><br />Bianca Kajlich and Oliver Hudson seem really new to the whole Sitcom scene but I think in time they'll get better. David Spade's character to my surprise wasn't the whole focus of this pilot. The way he delivers his lines is so different from anyone else i've ever seen on TV but I think that it is just his style. It works for him.<br /><br />I think that couples or even singles will be able to relate to all the doubts and fights and being unsure about your decisions that this show is about. All the situations that the characters are put in just feel like real life not sugar-coated like most shows.<br /><br />I hope for all the actors sakes that CBS gives them a chance. This show has the potential to be one of the best series if just given the chance and time.
critique4057 If you don't have anything better to do then go ahead and rent this movie it's intelligent funny it will sure have your attention busy for a while.<br /><br />I discover it by surfing channels in a boring Sunday it was on cable and for the faces I saw I thought it may worth the try it made me laugh and for a movie in a Sunday with nothing else on TV it was OK. <br /><br />Liv Tyler looks amazing in the movie even though her acting is not what I expected it's kind of poor acting and for the rest of the crew I liked Reba in her role as a Dr. also I found interesting seeing the guy from the sitcom "What I like about you" playing an almost gay lawyer.<br /><br />As for J. Goodman I found it as always a very good performance Michael Douglas plays a small role but His characterization was hard for me to identify him..<br /><br />It's also a good movie to watch with company.
critique4058 Business vs. personal conviction. Profit vs. art.<br /><br />As with any documentary that pits the capitalist large corporations against the small producer the viewer will invariably have to take the side of one or the other based on their own believes. This is as much a documentary of the new standardized way of doing things that globalization is bringing us against the old traditional ways where character and the art of making things matters almost more than getting the product sold.<br /><br />If you have to remember one thing from this movie it is that the masses can no longer decide by themselves they just follow the taste of one or a couple of critics that tend to equalize and standardize taste in the same way as MacDonalds used to do for the fast bite (something Parker himself admits to in the film against a backdrop of a Burger King sign). "It is all about image" against content as another interviewee says. That is the easy way the standardized way. Easier than taking the time for a nice wine to mature easier than to forge your own taste by trying and trying yet over again. Controlled branded taste is easier.<br /><br />There is a glitter of hope when even some of our cousins across the ocean agree that a few people are "levelling" the taste of wines to maximize the profits and ensure a maximum of it gets sold to the "grey masses". Individuality and difference is sacrificed for the extra buck. It is nice to see that not everything or everyone is giving in to standardization even across the ocean.<br /><br />As in many other areas of today's world dominance of a few and reduced freedom of choice impacts us all... let everyone make up their mind and decide what to go for. Too much standardization kills the mind and taste; difference brings innovation and healthy competition and will allow for choice - and not just vacuum-packed "more of the same". Standardization sells easily and a lot and brings everyone to the same level - the lower one.<br /><br />On this I am going to open up a nice bottle and wish you a hearthy "sante".
critique4059 This film is a fun little private eye detective story like they aren't made any more. It's all there: Tom Conway is the suave detective called The Falcon Goldie Locke (what's in a name) is his wisecracking bumbling sidekick Louisa Braganza is the damsel in distress and of course there are the damsels maid the professor with the secret formula the bad guy that wants the formula and the police inspector who's after The Falcon. There is a murder and The Falcon gets implicated. The scenery is night clubs expensive hotel rooms a luxury train the suburbs and beautiful cars. Go watch this little gem when you see it pass by on afternoon TV!
critique4060 The title has many meanings - the boxing ring where differences and grievances are fought out a wedding ring where Mabel feels trapped and Jack feels his troubles will be over and the cause of the trouble a ring-like bracelet that Bill gives Mabel as a love token. <br /><br />Former professional boxer Danish Carl Brisson was given his start in films by Alfred Hitchcock in "The Ring". A very young Ian Hunter who went on to have such a long career in movies plays Bob Corby who catches the eye of a pretty girl Mabel (Lillian Hall Davis) at a fun fair. She happens to be engaged to "One Round" Jack Sander (Carl Brisson) but that doesn't stop her flirting with Bob. Bob is persuaded to go "one round" with Jack. He goes several rounds and wins - he is a professional boxer and he and his manager have come to the fair to find out if Jack is as good a fighter as they have heard. He offers to take Jack on and Jack goes off along with his boorish trainer (the great Gordon Harker) to make his fortune with plans to marry Mabel when he makes good. Jack wins his fight and marries Mabel the next day but the deep attraction that she and Bob feel for each other is still there. Jack is suspicious and puts everything into his training so he can fight Bob for his wife.<br /><br />At last a boxing movie where the hero doesn't go off the rails - Bob behaves himself and does everything he can to be a champion - if only Mabel acted in the same way!!! She has left him for Bob - and the fight at the end is a mighty one. It is intensely realistic - it occupies the last 20 minutes of the film. From being raw and enthusiastic Jack is almost knocked out - then between rounds reuniting with Mabel gives him the courage to triumph. The question is why would he even want her back - from the start she thought nothing of starting an affair with Bob - why wouldn't she do it again?<br /><br />The film is loaded with symbolism. Jack shaking hands with the promoter changes to Mabel's hands accepting a bracelet from Bob. When Jack puts the ring on Mabel's finger Bobs bracelet slips down her arm. At the end Jack sees Mabel's reflection in a ringside water bucket and that gives him the confidence to go on. This is an excellent film that will not disappoint you.<br /><br />Highly Recommended.
critique4061 I just got home from seeing "Radio." I've not seen such an inspiring story in a long time. My kids are ages 8 and 5 and I would like to take them so that they may "feel" the message as I did - you should seek to find the best in people and love them for who they are not judge them for their differences. Cuba Gooding Jr. and Ed Harris both deserve Academy Awards for this movie. I don't know why we can't have more movies like this rather than the junk that is served up at theatres on a daily basis.
critique4062 This film is a masterpiece to put it simply. Especially the double exposure made by the cameraman Julius Jaenzon. It is skillfully made even with the standards we are used to today seventy eight years later. Viktor SjÃƒÂ¶strÃƒÂ¶m the director also plays the main character David Holm. On the night of new years eve he is killed in a fight and the legend says that the first one who dies on the new year will have to work as a soul-collector in the form of a transparent ghost. There is a new soul-collector to be appointed every year.<br /><br />The scene in which the alcoholic David Holm rises up from his dead body (like the soul is leaving his earthly body) in the churchyard (where the fight took place) is a real award for a filmloving eye. Also when the present soul-collector arrives with his horse and carriage is a beautiful but also a scary scene. David Holm recognizes this soul-collector as a drinkingfriend from earlier life. It is now his turn to take over. Just like Scrooge in Dickens story "A christmas tale" David is shown what his life and doings has led to for the people around him.<br /><br />The film is about the danger of abusing drugs in this case alcohol. It is based upon a book by Nobel prize winner Selma LagerlÃƒÂ¶f. Viktor SjÃƒÂ¶strÃƒÂ¶m filmed a few more of her books but this is the one with the best outcome maybe because this book is the most filmic of them.<br /><br />
critique4063 1928 is in many ways a "lost year" in motion pictures. Just as some of the finest films of the silent era were being made in every genre sound was coming in and - while reaping great profits at the box office - was setting the art of film-making back about five years as the film industry struggled with the new technology.<br /><br />"Show People" is one of the great silent era comedies. The film shows that William Haines had comic skills beyond his usual formula of the obnoxious overconfident guy who turns everyone against him learns his lesson and then redeems himself by winning the football game the polo game etc. This movie is also exhibit A for illustrating that Marion Davies was no Susan Alexander Kane. She had excellent comic instincts and timing. This film starts out as the Beverly Hillbillies-like adventure of Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and her father General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper fresh from the old South. General Pepper has decided that he will let some lucky movie studio executive hire his daughter as an actress. While at the studio commissary the Peppers run into Billy Boone (William Haines) a slapstick comedian. He gets Peggy an acting job. She's unhappy when she finds out it is slapstick but she perseveres. Eventually she is discovered by a large studio and she and Billy part ways as she begins to take on dramatic roles. Soon the new-found fame goes to her head and she is about to lose her public and gain a royal title when she decides to marry her new leading man whom she doesn't really love unless fate somehow intervenes.<br /><br />One of the things MGM frequently does in its late silent-era films and in its early sound-era films is feature shots of how film-making was done at MGM circa 1930. This film is one of those as we get Charlie Chaplin trying to get Peggy's autograph an abundance of cameos of MGM players during that era including director King Vidor himself and even a cameo of Marion Davies as Peggy seeing Marion Davies as Marion Davies arriving at work on the lot. Peggy grimaces and mentions that she doesn't care for her. Truly a delight from start to finish this is a silent that is definitely worth your while. This is one of the films that I also recommend you use to introduce people to the art of silent cinema as it is very accessible.
critique4064 I read most of the comments here were everybody saw only the flaws of the movie. I agree the director it's not Kuprik the actors are not Oscar winners but it has something everyone could relate to. I don't want to spoil but telling more then the plot - the finishing of school and the trip to a big party or if you like to see beyond the metaphor is choosing the way trough life. Remember that days of youth? the days when you or our friend acted like the characters? Or do you think you should acted like one of them and now you regret you didn't? if you can go back in to that time and if you can ask yourself any of this questions maybe the movie wasn't so bad.
critique4065 Written produced and directed by Charlie Chaplin this is the great actor's anti-Nazi propaganda piece skewering Adolf Hitler.<br /><br />Chaplin plays Adenoid Hynckel the dictator of Tomania as well as a Jewish barber who is Hynckel's spitting image. His parody of Hitler is brilliant. Anyone who has ever seen newsreels of Hitler speaking will recognize the eerie resemblance of the caricature. <br /><br />I thought the movie got off to a slow start with some typical Chaplin slap-stick focussing on the First World War adventures of the Jewish barber. Having never seen it before I must confess that after the first 20 minutes or so I was wondering what all the fuss was about. But the movie picks up steam quickly. There are some very funny moments and enough emphasis on the anti-Jewish nature of "Hynckel-ism" to make the propaganda point. The climax of the film is a brilliant anti-Nazi speech given by Chaplin at the end of the movie.<br /><br />As good as Chaplin is in this movie though I thought the whole thing was stolen by Jack Oakie playing the dictator of "Bacteria" - "Benzino Napaloni." Our first look at Oakie shows how well he had studied his subject - he had Mussolini's arrogant posturing down pat. The scenes in which Hynckel and Napaloni negotiate over the fate of "Osterlich" had me in stitches.<br /><br />This was a very good movie and well worth watching.
critique4066 'O Brother Where Art Thou' is a gleeful retelling of Homer's 'Odyssey' set in 1930s Mississippi and rampant with splendid quirkiness that is the trademark of the brothers Coen. Three hapless convicts make their escape to find treasure--and more than their share of adventure--in this delightful film. George Clooney is in fine ingenuous form as the chatty amiable leader of the trio; but the real acting kudos go to John Turturro and Tim Blake Nelson as his goofy but lovable cohorts dubbed the 'Soggy Bottom Boys' by Clooney's character after they receive baptism by full immersion in a river. The three cut a record under that homespun nom-de-plume for the cash and unwittingly become overnight sensations with veritable 'rock star' status. The film is accompanied by enough music and songs to almost qualify it as a musical. And there are some incredible feats of film-making here: the scene at the KKK rally is a real doozy and is so similar to the scene when Dorothy's friends rescue her from the witch's castle in 'The Wizard of Oz' that it almost amounts to cinematic plagiarism. And what an amazing work of plagiarism it is! Without giving away the ending I must say the climax of the movie is one of the most breathtaking sequences put to film in recent memory (on a par with the spectacular finale of 'Magnolia' another one of my favorites). 'O Brother' is a must-see a perfect 10!
critique4067 Famous movies are subject to Freudian analysis: Possessed The Matrix The Birds Psycho Vertigo Duck Soup Monkey Business The Exorcist The Testament of Dr Mabuse Alien Alien Resurrection The Great Dictator City Lights The Tramp Alice in Wonderland The Wizard of Oz Dr Strangelove The Red Shoes Fight Club Dead of Night The Conversation Blue Velvet Solaris Stalker Mulholland Drive Lost Highway Persona In The Cut Eyes Wide Shut The Piano Teacher Three Colours: Blue Dogville Frankenstein The Ten Commandments Saboteur Rear Window To Catch a Thief North by Northwest Star Wars Dune Kubanskie Kazaki Ivan The Terrible Pluto's Judgment Day (Walt Disney) Wild at Heart.<br /><br />You may wonder how the Marx Brothers come into play. According To Slavoj Zizek the host and analyst of this intellectually tickling tour de force Groucho is the superego Chico the ego and Harpo the id.<br /><br />Scenes from the above listed films are used to illustrate concepts: the role of fantasy in shaping reality and vice-versa the father figure male and female libido death drive etc. Here are some of Slavoj utterances (most as paraphrases): "desire is a wound on reality" "fantasy realized is a nightmare" "music is the opium of the people" (borrowing from K. Marx) "of all human emotions anxiety is the only one that is not deceiving". The whole is bracketed by an intro that declares "you don't look for your desires in movies instead cinema tells you what you should desire" and concludes with the cineaste view that "cinema is needed today so that we can understand our current reality" -- I say as long as censorship doesn't derail it.<br /><br />The three part subdivision is merely mechanical possibly with TV screening in mind. For the theater goer it is irrelevant.
critique4068 Carlos Mencia was excellent this is hour special. He was working hard to show everybody he was the real deal. I know people have said he's stolen material in this special but that is not true. Carlos brings comedy up front the way he wants it not how anyone else wants it that is why he is so good. People say he's not funny because he says Dee dee dee too much and they still haven't realized thats part of his act and they don't want it that way but he brings it like that anyway and succeeds in making people laugh. For all the haters out there here is a message Carlos is here to stay you have no point in trying to bring him down.
critique4069 This documentary is absolutely fantastic. I was really astonished that you can make with so less money such amazing fx. Especially the scenes of the birth of the Diplodocus babies or the sad story of the big flying dinosaur were wonderful and breathtaking. Well the only flaw was: It was to short!!
critique4070 Twenty years after watching this I still find myself quoting things from this movie like "Look between the two giant melons" or I'll start to sing the "Pabst Blue Ribbon Theme". On the other hand 20 years later I can now make sense of the "Meat Machine" as there's still a lot of the stereotypes like this out there that they used for this movie. Those are signs of a good movie to me. I could say this movie stands the test of time which I can't really say for a lot of 80's movies. I continue that this movie is still on a list of a lot of people's favorite movie as a kid growing up in the 80's. If you like games and have dreams of becoming a "Game Master" or find yourself dorking out over these 80's movies to relive your childhood you need to watch this. Also it's sometimes sarcastic and funny. But one thing's for certain about this movie if someone ever invites you to a "Great All-Nighter" they don't mean an X or acid trip party they mean get ready for some Midnight Madness! Oh You'll see. Everyone will be dying to play! hehehehheh.
critique4071 Okay I love this movie!!!!! I watched it over and over again. It is so hard to tell who the attacker is. You keep thinking it's one person then another then back to the first person then another person. It is so suspense full you want to fast forward your TV to the end to see who it is.<br /><br />SUMMARY: Gail Osborne is raped and left at her home. She is in the hospital and begins to tell the story of how she was raped. It goes from her meeting her steady boyfriend to her teacher who takes a liking to her to her ex-boyfriend all different stories all suspects. But who did it?<br /><br />I love the acting they have a lot of great talent in here. The suspense is wonderful and the settings are superb. If it comes on TV watch it. *** 1/2 stars 10/10
critique4072 This is a finely crafted movie with moving sequences humor and best of all a love story. Anthony Quinn is wonderfully casted and after seeing several of his movies this has to be categorized as one of his best performances besides Zorba. The movie makes you really wonder if its filmed in Romania which apparently is not the case. It is sure to fool even native Romanians with its authentic-like landscape costume and ways of life. According to IMDb it is actually shot in France and Yugoslavia hmmm. The story is compelling making you want to watch the entire movie over to see if you missed something. It provoked me into researching to find out if this is a truth based movie but to my disappointment it is a novel based film seemingly fiction. It seems a bit far fetched to have happened for real but one never knows.... The one problem with this film is that it doesn't seem to cast any Romanian actors and it is a film about a Romanian character. There are probably many Romanian fill-ins in the beginning but maybe not it is filmed elsewhere. The author of the book was Romanian at least thats all fine and dandy - overall a masterpiece in cinematography.
critique4073 Except for an awkward scene this refreshing fairy tale fantasy has a fun and delightful undercurrent of adult cynical wit that charms its way into the audience as well as a soundtrack that powerfully moves this fairy epic along. Except for one of the Robert DeNiro scenes that doesn't come across smooth and appears out of sync with the tone of the rest of the movie this luscious romantic fairy tail has a great storytelling feel and the strong magic and the fine balance between serious adventure scenes and the lighter spiritual humor is well done. In the updated tradition of THE PRINCESS BRIDE this contemporary presentation of magic and love is captivating. Eight out of Ten Stars.
critique4074 Super original. Really great movie! James Franco and Sienna Miller really do go so well together on screen. I sure hope it comes out soon. I first saw this movie at a screening. Because of my age and gender I was asked to stay for a "talk." We all got to comment on the movie and a lot of people didn't seem to like it. I really loved it and I don't know why so many people didn't think it was that good. Go see it when it comes out and decide for yourself! One thing that you might want to do if you are going to see this movie is to go into it not knowing anything about it. I had not known anything when I went to the screening other than it was called "Camile." It really is worth seeing.
critique4075 Oh my gosh i live in Kentucky and when Mellisa Joan hart came to Louisville she went right through my neighborhood and waved at me i am filthy rich so she wanted to look at my neighborhood oh and i Love being rich any ways she came for the Derby back to my interest in the show...... that show makes you want to point your finger at something and make it disappear i mean it is just so creative and i love it i would love to be on that show....... that show is just amazing i mean who ever came up with that show i want to just give them a big kiss i mean it makes me feel better when I'm sick and makes me happy when I'm mad i mean if someone tells me they don't like it i will talk some sense in to you OK OK
critique4076 I saw this movie on the Hallmark Channel and thought it was wonderful especially since it was based on a true man. Pierce Brosnan was very good as the loner English man who took on the persona of the half breed Grey Owl. The photography was beautiful.<br /><br />This movie made me do more research into this character Archie Belaney known simple as Grey Owl. I want to read as much as I can about him. At the time I did not know Richard Attenborough had directed it. But I am not surprised. I like all his movies whether he is acting or directing. I gave it the highest rating. However I would have liked to have seen more in the movie about WHY he took on this persona as it only showed the two aunts who raised him and his room in their house.<br /><br />You can't go wrong with this movie if you are like me and enjoy a beautiful story without hearing foul language and contrived special effects every few minutes.
critique4077 It could have been a better film. It does drag at points and the central story shifts from Boyer completing his mission to Boyer avenging Wanda Hendrix's death but Graham Greene is an author who is really hard to spoil. His stories are all morality tales due to his own considerations of Catholicism guilt and innocence (very relative terms in his world view) and the human condition.<br /><br />Boyer is Luis Denard a well-known concert pianist who has sided with the Republicans in the Spanish Civil War. He has been sent to England to try to carry through an arms purchase deal that is desperately needed. Unfortunately for Denard he is literally on his own - everyone of his contacts turns out to be a willing turncoat for the Falagists of Spain. In particular Katina Paxinou (Mrs. Melendez) a grim boarding house keeper and Peter Lorre (Mr. Contreras) a teacher of an "esperanto" type international language. Wanda Hendrix is the drudge of a girl (Else) who works for Mrs. Melendez. The local diplomat Licata (Victor Francken) is already a willing associate of the Falangists.<br /><br />The Brits (Holmes Herbert Miles Mander and best - if not worst - of the lot George Coulouris) don't give much hope to Boyer's cause (which he soon grasps may be Britain's before long). Herbert and Mander just retreat behind the official policy of neutrality ordered by the Ramsay MacDonald's and Stanley Baldwin's governments during the Civil War. Coulouris here is a typical Col. Blimp type - always impeccable in his native English diction he is sharp in showing his dislike for foreigners in general.<br /><br />The one ray of hope is Lauren Bacall (Rose Cullen) here trying to play her role as well as she can - but she can't really. She's an aristocrat - the daughter of a Press lord. It was Bacall's second film and (sad to say) almost sank her long career. She does act well but the spark she showed in her first film was due to the dual effect of starring with Humphrey Bogart and being directed by Howard Hawks. Boyer is a fine actor but he's not Bogie and Herman Shumlin is not Hawks. Her next film returned her to Bogie and Hawks again and her star resumed it's ascendancy.<br /><br />It's a bleak film (as was the novel). Boyer's mission never succeeds as he has too many hidden foes all over the place. But the villains are likewise also losers - frequently with their lives.<br /><br />With Dan Seymour as a suspicious foreign tenant of Katina Paxinou (and the man who destroys her). It is well worth watching to catch the Warner's lot of character actors doing their best given the weakness in direction.
critique4078 A great story based on a true story about a young black man and all the difficulties along the road. Being that this is Denzel Washington's first ever movie that he himself was gonna direct i have to admit i was a tad sceptical but who wouldn't be..? But then again he's a great actor with plently of years of experience and the end result turned out great. The story is told in a great way making you that has had difficulties during your childhood and young adulthood see yourself in those situations. So it hits you hard letting you know your not the only one going through hell. In all a touching story about a young man trying to make it in this f***ed up world. (The story is based on the life of Antwone Fisher born 3. August 1959 Cleveland Ohio USA whom was also the writer of this movie) Strongly recommended. 8/10
critique4079 Excellent film that reveals how people are connected to the taken for granted ordinary beads exchanged during Mardi Gras. The film is much more than a commentary on globalization. In fact it humanizes the workers in China the owner of the factory the bead distributor in New Orleans and even the revelers in New Orleans. What stands out the most is the director's ability to tell a tricky story with complicated details in such a simple and seductive way. His amazing access to the factory is another aspect that's intriguing and I only wish I knew how he got inside. It's a beautiful story without sentimentality or guilt associated with it and the conclusion provides hope without leaving people feeling alienated.
critique4080 Joe Don Baker is one of a handful of actors who is often better than his material and almost always under appreciated. He's been in a ton of films either as a heavy or a hero and has the type of strong solid presence that Wallace Beery did half a century before him. Baker can delivery material that would sound ridiculous coming out of another actor and that's what's so great about him. He really seems to mean what he's saying regardless of how clichÃƒÂ© obvious or silly which puts him in a league with Tommy Lee Jones Oliver Reed and Don Stroud. It's what made the WALKING TALL Trilogy work so well and that same magic is here in FINAL JUSTICE. This was a substantial hit in theaters and on video in the 80s and it has aged a lot better than many of the perhaps better known action flicks of the era. By moving the action from Texas to Europe there's a real timeless quality that doesn't jar you away from the action on screen. To be honest I've always enjoyed the films of Greydon Clark who is a no-nonsense director in the same vein as 1970s Clint Eastwood and this is one of his best. FINAL JUSTICE is one of the lost gems of the late 80s similar to MAN ON FIRE in its true grit and violence. I suppose if they remake this with The Rock a whole new audience will come to love it as much as I do.
critique4081 The Custer Legend a la Warner Brothers Epic. There's no casting against type here with the flamboyant Flynn as the flamboyant Custer in this rousing tribute not only to Custer but to the men of the 7th Cavalry. The story traces the life of the famed 'Boy General" from his turbulent days at West Point to his final fight at the Little Big Horn. Great liberties are taken with facts here and we are presented with a Custer that is much more sympathetic to the plight of the redman than history relates. But this one is done on such a grand scale the battle scenes alone provided employment for every extra in Hollywood. Down beat ending and all this is great fun!
critique4082 There is no greater disservice to do to history than to misrepresent it. This takes the easiest and most shallow route simply portraying him as a monster. Only showing his negative sides and exaggerating them. "Those who are ignorant of the past doom us to repeat it". He was a human being. That may prove tough to some people to accept but an important part of life is facing that which we don't want to. Rather than demonizing the man we ought to try to understand him. Otherwise we stand little chance of preventing anyone similar in the future or possibly even the present from succeeding at anything of remotely comparable scope as far as damage and misery goes. Hate him and what he did don't make him into something mythical intentionally or otherwise. Frankly far too much of this mini-series could play "dumb dumb *duuum*!" after or during scenes. The whole thing nods nudges and winks at the audience with a clear message of "was this guy evil or what" incorporating every single bad trait(as well as making up several that go directly against who and what he was) letting them appear more or less out of nowhere and having them be constant throughout his life not something he came to believe or claimed to. This should never be used to educate. Use Der Untergang(Downfall in English) and maybe point out the few inaccuracies of that instead. This this is disrespectful to the actual events that took place and to any and all survivors not to mention those who died. The cinematic quality? Top-notch. It's well-done through and through excellent production values a solid arc to the well-told plot what characterization does occur is strong and credible dialog and script are great all acting performances are masterful(Carlyle looks and behaves the role... as it was written... perfectly) the music is well-composed cinematography and editing are flawless and creative and this is definitely dramatic entertaining and riveting. They get dates and many occurrences and do them justice. If I had been offered to work on this and did not feel I could be objective enough to have Hitler appear as a fully fleshed-out person I would have declined citing that as the reason. I don't blame anyone for loathing him. How can you forgive what he did and are we sure that we should? That is not what I am suggesting. Finally let me point out that as I write this we are in a world-wide economic crisis that has lasted for about two years and that is not terribly dissimilar to the stock market crash of 1929. The two reasons it hasn't led to a depression of the new millennium are as follows: governments are giving money to the banks to keep the market going and the majority of the countries is now friendly towards one another. Apart from that the lesson hadn't been learned. Hopefully it has now. Back to this... my suggestion? Read a book non-fiction dealing with the subject. There are plenty of informative smart ones. The DVD holds a trailer. I recommend this only to those who know better and vehemently urge anyone who has watched it to seek out the truth. 8/10
critique4083 RAINBOW BRITE AND THE STAR STEALER in my opinion is an excellent masterpiece. I felt all warm and tingly when Rainbow Brite (voice of Bettina) and Krys (voice of David Mendenhall) set out to get revenge on the princess (voice of Rhonad Aldrich). If you ask me the princess was absolutely bitchy and diabolical. To me she deserved to have Rainbow Brite and Krys seek revenge on him. However I liked her castle as well as the rest of the setting. In addition I thought that Lurky (voiec of Pat Fraley) and Murky (voiec of Peter Cullen) were diabolical. Before I wrap this up I'd like to say that everyone was perfectly cast the direction was flawless and Disney has scored a big hit. In conclusion I highly recommend this excellent masterpiece to everyone who hasn't seen it especially die-hard fans of the TV series. I guarantee you you'll enjoy it.
critique4084 Although Stardust seems to be a fantasy film with predictable ending and average performances it is certainly not. When i saw the movie i knew it was going to be one of my favorite movies. And i was right. <br /><br />Stardust is more of a fairytale than an adventure film. It has this magical 'aura' from the beginning to the very end of the movie. The storyline is well written  and it keeps you on the edge of your seat. Like every tale  it has some short of morality. Therefore we know in our hearts that the evil brothers won't take the throne but the innocent boy who manages to overcome every obstacle and difficulty he encounters during his journey. We also know that the true love is Yvaine and not Victoria  the material girl who is shallow and manipulative. <br /><br />I have to give extra credits to Claire Danes. She literally shines in this movie. Her eyes have this sparkle that fit totally in her character. Moreover she and Cox do have chemistry which makes the romance in the film even more notable. The rest of the cast are well known actors and actresses which of course make Stardust an interesting and ''high classed'' movie<br /><br />Overall  the movie is FANTASTIC the locations magical and the plot interesting.I was very disappointed that the film didn't get nominated for more awards. I have to give at least 9/10 stars for this.
critique4085 This movie has all the qualities to be good Stan -singing (?) dancing falling- is very funny I think he handled his character in the best way possible. it's a parody and very well done maybe times can change there's another audience but if you want to laugh come on see it!
critique4086 I had the pleasure of attending a screening of The Pacific and Eddy last weekend at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival. This film had caught my attention a little while back when I stumbled across an article about it in Jalouse magazine. Seemed interesting at the time but nothing too exciting. Anyhow I saw it on the festival program and decided to check it out. All I can say is that I was speechless when the ending credits began to roll. This is one of the most beautiful and refreshing films that I have seen in some time. The photography art direction acting and especially directing were seamless and impeccable. Nothing is 'spelled out' for you in this film and actually makes you think. Something that a vast majority of films today do the exact opposite. The dialogue is carefully crafted and although this script is not wall to wall chatter the characters words are very deliberate and meaningful.<br /><br />It's definitely one of those films that deserves a second viewing and the more you see it the more things you notice. It's a very layered and intelligent film. Not sure when or where it's playing again but a definite must see for film enthusiasts.
critique4087 A guy desperate for action attempts to hit on a gorgeous girl in a bus. She refuses him but when he runs after someone who tries to steal her purse they get together anyway. And there it starts - a relation that is slightly tainted by the fact that she is a jealous and neurotic superhero. It can't be a secret that things between them are going to be problematic.<br /><br />In short a story that could promise to grow out into a cool film. And IMO it succeeds at being a nice film. It's no masterpiece but it had me in tears from laughing on more than one occasion - the two lead characters twirl around each other in a crazy love fest that is even with the superhero thing going believable.<br /><br />So. Thin story but worked out really funny and thus worthy of cinema time.<br /><br />7 out of 10 broken hearts
critique4088 The other reviewers are way WAAAAY off as to why the Farscape show has been (temporarily) put to rest. It has NOTHING to do with the quality of the shows 'slacking'. In fact the exact OPPOSITE is true. They kept getting better and better! :) I have seen every episode and when you simply watch them in order you really become in awe how much cooler it gets as they move on and on and the wormhole & Aeryn subplots are really very interesting and gave it MORE vibe not less. Before it was sort of chaotic slow and rather aimless. They spent like the first two seasons running from this foe type but in the second two they were actually trying to DO something :) Also I have never seen such a great fun blend of sexy gals and attitudes in Sci-Fi. The blue girl - Zahn - was cool but not 'sexy'. They literally got to the point where the gals were running around in leather corsets and high heels blasting aliens - now tell me what could be cooler than that??? :))<br /><br />The real reason Farscape went off for a bit is because it was costing too much - and that is a GOOD thing for the fans because the show watched end to end is really like a 60 hour long epic movie with all the cinematics of the blockbuster stuff (ok ok they do use similar sets a lot but the CG is great and the gals are sexxxy).<br /><br />Blah blah - the real reason is because TV shows are about PROFIT. It is a BUSINESS and the Sci Fi channel or whoever was not getting as big a return on this expensive Farscape show as they could with junk shows like 'Stargate'. Lexx was actually cool until they got rid of the hot German girl and replaced her with this bizarre fat-lipped oddity.<br /><br />Anyway yes remember this: Farscape kept getting better and better until it was really like a little real movie each week. Then the networks decided 'hey people will watch any old piece of drek we shove on the air as long as it is the only sci fi thing on at that hour so why are we spending all this money on Farscape let's shove cheesy low-budget 'Stargate' down people's throats and call it a 'hit series' because it's like all we play every darn night LOL :))<br /><br />That's the way it goes. Also I gotta tell ya that Claudia Black is a really cool actress. After she got her facelift (got the baggy eyes tightened) she was looking really cool - one of those dynamic types like Judy Davis and sometimes hot looking sometimes ugly - like a roller coaster ride. I'd par Claudia Black with Lucy Lawless in style and substance - both VERY fun to watch - not just Chrichton :) And yeah you may say the pregnancy thing was cheesy but how many sci fi shows have a BELIEVABLE and DEEP romantic subplot that actually goes somewhere and progresses?? It was legitimately cool as a romance story - the actors on the show are great. It really is a shame the show is in limbo for now but I hope it comes back in more episodes soon and movies as well because I will deffinately buy them! :-D
critique4089 This is a good family show with a great cast of actors. It's a nice break from the reality show blitz of late. There is nothing else quite like it on television right now either unless you count Joan of Arcadia as being similar because it has a teen lead character too. Anyway Clubhouse is worth a look because Jeremy Sumpter gives the main character (Pete Young) a kind of likability and naivetÃƒÂ© that is appealing without being overly sweet and cuddly. Dean Cain Christopher Lloyd Mare Winningham and Kirsten Storms round out the rest of the main cast members and each is terrific in their role. I really like Kirsten Storms as Pete's sister Betsy; she is quite a pill but she still cares about her mom and brother even though she hates to show it. It may take a few episodes to really find it's legs but Clubhouse is easily one of the best shows to come along in a good long while so check it out people--you'll be glad you did!
critique4090 I am sligthly biased because I appear in this film but i loved it and I am only in about seven dispersed minutes and am not nearly the most interesting part of it. The film is an honest and intriguing account of a noble independent group of filmmakers trying to make a lovable movie. It is also an account of bloated expectations and fallen heros The interviews are well patched together in the editing. The different people are all interesting and there is never really too much of one person. Also the interviews are shot in a pretty interesting fashion keeping the film visually satisfying. Definitely a worthwhile film. I hope it gets around.
critique4091 Sometimes when seeking a movie nothing will do except a good thriller. Dead Line certainly fits the bill. <br /><br />A little warning however: if you are going to watch this film you are better off not knowing too much specifics about the plot. <br /><br />The plot thickens as the film goes by. A really remarkably well built tension mounts. <br /><br />It is deep and horrifying. It goes all the way to the darkest places in human mind.<br /><br />The plot also has some very surprising shifts. <br /><br />Just wait till nightfall turn off the light and watch this film.
critique4092 I found this movie really funny because you have a youthful black comedian (Chris Rock) who dies and is sent back to earth in a mid-50's white mans body. He doesn't realize that his behavior should change and continues to act as he had before. He listens to rap music sings along and plays the stereotypical part of an urban black man. The real humor in this movie was watching the trouble that this behavior gets him into with the black community.
critique4093 I think 'Blackadder the Third' is the best one of the series.<br /><br />Actuelly all the episodes are funny personally i really like the episode with the 'French invasion' but the one with the superstitious actors in 'MACBETH' is also really funny the way Rowan keeps playing on with them is really (English) Humor at the highest level.<br /><br />Actors: 'Never say that again always call it the Scottish Play; Blackadder: Oh So you want me to say the Scottish Play? Actors: YES Blackadder: Rather than MACBETH...!<br /><br />I am a big fan of Rowan and i have the majority of his work but i think he did the series of Blackadder especially good.<br /><br />I Hope Rowan is going to continue his great style but i think we can count on him because he is already working on a Bean 2 Movie that will be out this year i can't wait...<br /><br />I Give this 3rd Blackadder a 9 out of 10 Rating.
critique4094 As with all environmentally aware films from the 1970s SOYLENT GREEN has a rather cheesy view of what ecological meltdown is . Overpopulation means there`s too many people to feed ? I was under the impression that famines were caused by either war or failed economic policies . Stalin`s policy in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions dead because of famine and to this day the greatest man made tragedy was Mao`s rural policy in China which led over 30 million starvation deaths in the 1950s . And let`s not forget the great famines in the horn of Africa in the 1980s and 90s which were to do with conflicts not overpopulation . You might like to also consider that two of the most heavily populated areas on Earth  Hong Kong and Macau  have never suffered a famine in modern times . Likewise the expansion of shanty towns around cities as seen here isn`t strictly down to overpopulation - it`s down to economic factors where people flock to cities to find better paid work than in the countryside ( It`s a symptom of industrial progress - not of too many births ) so the image of the streets of New York city being too congested to walk through and of having people sleep in stairwells is somewhat laughable<br /><br />But don`t be fooled into thinking SOYLENT GREEN is a pile of corny tree hugging crap because I consider this to be the best ecological film of the<br /><br />70s . It plays on the contempary audience`s knowledge of the world where Sol and Thorn are beside themselves with joy at finding fruit  brandy and fresh meat . Thorn gasps in amazement at having ice in his whisky  puffs on a cigarette and delivers the classic line " If I could afford it I`d smoke two  maybe three of these a day " . But it`s the visage of the euthanasia chamber that`s memorable as Thorn gazes at the images of wild animals  flowers  running water and snow covered mountains  a world Thorn`s generation has never known . This is a very haunting scene which makes SOYLENT GREEN a very memorable film  combined with the fact it features the final screen appearance of Edward G Robinson as the wise old Jew Sol Roth
critique4095 The movie took a new angle to Gandhi's life which is nice to see and it shows how human he was. His relationship with Harilal is something that Gandhi was troubled by and mentioned it several times as his failure as a father in his autobiography.<br /><br />My big gripe is that I thought Gandhi was surprisingly uncharismatic in the movie. It could have been better acted by the person who played Gandhi. Some of Gandhi's statements seemed too smug and it seemed as if he was intentionally portrayed in a negative light in some parts of the movie.<br /><br />The movie is not really all-rounded but focused only narrowly on the relationship of the father and son. The rest is blurred out and only used to show the time frame and the general setting of the movie.<br /><br />Overall nice movie if you keep in mind that it is not a complete picture.
critique4096 What a great cast for this movie. The timing was excellent and there were so many clever lines-several times I was still laughing minutes after they were delivered. I found Manna From Heaven to have some surprising moments and while there were things I was thinking would happen the way they came together was anything but predictable. This movie is about hope and righting wrongs. I left the theater feeling inspired to do the right thing. Bravo to the Five Sisters.
critique4097 One of the perks of my job is that when things are slow I can watch the movie in our downstairs theater (I work in a little 2-screen theater) in the cry room and still keep an eye on the concession stand. I have seen Italian Job probably 20 times and I'm still not tired of it. The atmosphere reminds me of Ocean's Eleven although the acting isn't as good. Mark Wahlberg is ok Charlize Theron appeals to the guys but Seth Green is AWESOME in this movie. I thought Edward Norton did a very good job playing a dirtbag although a lot of people disagree. I also enjoyed Mos Def as the explosives expert that's afraid of dogs. I highly recommend this movie and will continue to watch it whenever I can!
critique4098 you can't take it realistically. -sheets<br /><br />Zombie Bloodbath 2 (ZB2) is a world all of its own. I've really never seen anything like it. The only thing I can think to compare it to is psychedelic drugs. Forgive the clichÃƒÂ©Ã‚Â—I don't simply mean that it's incoherent and absurd though occasionally it is. I mean that it takes you through such a broad range of intense experiences and unexpected emotions so quickly as to overwhelm you and when it's over you find that it's all happened while you were sitting on the couch.<br /><br />It is worth noting that it's extremely low-budget as a disclaimer to those who after seeing "Shaun of the Dead" consider themselves fans of underground zombie films. Also of note is that it is much more "brutal" than you'd expect. Children get disemboweled and someone taunts a teenage girl before shooting her in the groin. Her corpse is subsequently "raped." These are certainly not flaws and indeed I feel it is to the film's credit. But if it doesn't sound like your kind of movie don't waste your time.<br /><br />(I don't mean to over-hype it regarding brutality. Don't go in expecting "Inside" or something.) I hesitate to give away any of the plot because it's really full of surprises. Even the opening scene which has nothing to do with zombies is at once a classic horror scene and something quite original.<br /><br />Man I'm three paragraphs in and I've hardly said anything at all. Here's why I thought the movie was awesome: 1. It's big and it keeps moving. At one point you expect it to turn into another NotLD clone a board-up-the-windows movie where everyone stays in a farmhouse and argues with one another. By the end of the film however the farmhouse scenes will seem like a distant dream. There are also a number of outdoor urban scenes. These are rare in low-budget zombie films.<br /><br />2. The makeup/gore is much better than ZB1. More convincing and more creative. Something kind of funny: the early zombies look really lame. Then halfway through they suddenly look really good with prosthetics and everything. Some of them look like Fulci zombies some are reminiscent of Mr. Tongue from "Day of the Dead." And it's got big scenes of dozens of zombies shuffling around. Never gets old.<br /><br />3. There's something oddly emotional about it. One character asserts that heaven exists and that our dead/undead protagonists are now in heaven. In the context of the film we believe it to be true. Though the characters behave with typical horror film stupidity they genuinely seem to care about each other and accordingly I found myself caring about them.<br /><br />4. The pacing is great. There's hardly a dull moment.<br /><br />My only observation that borders on criticism is that Todd Sheets comes up with the most bizarre dialog I've ever heard. I personally feel it adds to the experience but I don't think he does it on purpose so I can't fairly give the film a perfect rating. (Example: when a car breaks down the owner yells at the passengers. Then he says something to the effect of "Sorry I yelled at you guys. You don't know what it's like to have your dad standing over you with a straight razor when you're five years old." wtf?) At the very end it gets to be more than I can handle. Involves a montage with Bill Clinton and then some preachy end credits explaining the zombie metaphor. Really by this point I was firmly re-living my drug experiences.<br /><br />Highly recommended. 7/10.
critique4099 what a refreshing change from the PG movies that have teen girls jumping in and out of bed young high school boys counting how many girls they can "hook up" with kids drinking doing drugs etc. etc. etc. Carl Hiaasen has written so many books that are enjoyable but hardly classic literature. but he has finally written something that Middle School kids WANT to read. And this movie sends a message to kids that maybe they can make a difference that maybe their voices can be heard. Filmed in South Florida the scenery is beautiful and natural and REAL. Who cares if its predictable and a little corny. So was FREE WILLY and look how well that did. This is a good family movie..........a rare breed.
critique4100 the movie is great like every other international project that includes strong impressions. three of them (israel bosnia and egypt) should've been cut out. especially bosnian clip which is pathetic beyond all reason and doesn't contain a single original thought or element on it's own. everything else is really great unrecognizable for most of americans known for the rest of the world. unfortunately clips speak about misery of the people all over the world. and as i see it there are so many of those who won't give a damn about it...<br /><br />top 5: 1. loach 2. penn 3. inarritu 4. lalouche 5. imamura
critique4101 I read the negative comments before viewing this film and undeterred went ahead and started watching. I admit that I had to rewind quite a few times as the film is incredibly complex involved and full of detail. That is a good thing but also quite unexpected in this culture of car chases explosions gratuitous sex and general violence that substitute for plot and character development. In fact what a welcome departure however I am so used to not paying a lot of attention to what I watch. <br /><br />This film is chock full of character development and plot line; the kind that we used to analyze when I was in high school. It requires actual mental participation on the part of the viewer. What a nice change. I would compare it to 'All The President's Men' in terms of generic subject matter. That is it is a mystery about intense misconduct on the part of elected officials and those with enough influence upon officials to essentially 'own' them. <br /><br />Unlike 'All The President's Men' this film makes an effort to give a couple of the characters actual personality. In this sense the movie is a character study like 'The Negotiatior' with Samuel Jackson and Kevin Spacey. In that movie their characters are both city employees and the plot is extremely intense. Yet the plot is dependent on the ability of their characters to cooperate with each other trust each and ultimately unite together against the corrupt Police Department. There is more gun fire in this film and the specific plot is different but generically there are many similarities. <br /><br />I WILL say that City Hall requires a whole lot more concentration. In fact I was struck how parallel it was to past and present political scandals I've seen in my life going back to Watergate. The thing is the public knows that something is wrong for sure! but following the details is hard to do. This movie is not even close to being as complex as real life but it actually is realistic to life in its complexity. I think that is one of the reasons that previous posters have criticized the film: unrealistic expectations.<br /><br />If one watches this knowing what they are about to see and are up to the experience it really is excellent! I watched it 3 times in a row! The acting is superb and the directing is flawless. The weakest link is John Cusak's accent.
critique4102 Outstanding film of 1943 with Paul Lukas giving an Oscar calibrated performance as the head of his family bringing them back to America from Europe as the Nazi menace deepened.<br /><br />The usual terrific Bette Davis maintains her reputation here and for a change was not nominated for best actress for this or any film of 1943.<br /><br />Encounting treachery around them Lukas successfully deals with the situation. He knows he must return to Europe on a clandestine mission and return he does.<br /><br />Davis again pulls out all the stops with a Katharine Hepburn-like shedding of tears when they must part. Resolute she knows that her older son must follow him on his path to liberty.<br /><br />A wonderful film highlighting American positive propaganda against a wicked foe.
critique4103 This is one of those movies that has everything in it. I don't think I would get tired of seeing it. Hopefully more movies like this one will be made in the future. The casting was perfect in all respects. In a sense the song sung by Engelbert Humperdink "I Never Got to Say Goodbye" is the song come to life. You will most definitely laugh and cry throughout the entire scenario for sure. I'm just surprised that I had never seen it before this past weekend. I think that it's positively worth seeing and your heart will be glowing. It would be nice to cuddle up with your "honey"; sip a cup of hot chocolate and enjoy being in the presence of each other. There is so much heart and emotion at times you honestly don't know where to turn. You will know exactly how the character feels. True family expression is available all the way through. In fact at times you'll even think you are part of that family or they a part of yours. See it!
critique4104 This movie was a classic. I would have to say that this movie caught the best of a working man who learns from his mistakes. if we could all get along and learn the way everyone in this movie did. It had an important part of showing how family is an important part of life and how pride can cause you to lose something important in life if we can not find a "BIG THROAT" and swallow are pride.
critique4105 If you love Vampire lore and are a fan of Gothic horror then you might want to check out Soul's Midnight. I did not know much about this movie before I watched it and I wasn't expecting much but I found the movie to be fun and entertaining.<br /><br />Starring Armand Assante as the leader of the vampires Simon Soul's separates itself from other low budget vampire flicks by weaving in the mythology of St. George and the Dragon in a fun new way.<br /><br />I'm not sure what the budget for this movie was but I sense that if it was a little more then they might have really been able to hit home the gore and effects.<br /><br />If you're up late one night and you're in the mood for a fun low budget vampire flick then Soul's Midnight is a good choice.
critique4106 Final Solution is a powerful christian film that shows the hate between the black and whites that was present in the days of apartheid. It shows how this hate was contrived and was groomed from generation to generation. Jan Ellis was taught that a black man was a plague. He was raised to be that way. <br /><br />Then he meets a man who is on the opposite side of his beliefs Pastor Lekota. will he change his ways?. The film is a powerful movie that shows the perceptions the different races had for one another it shows these perceptions with quite a lot of accuracy. The movie shows the world of how apartheid affected the psyche of blacks and whites.<br /><br />This is a great film that everyone should watch.
critique4107 A genuinely creepy ghost story full of chills and sensuality this movie just falls short of what it promises. It is apparently based on an old ghost story and perhaps relies a little too much on a simple premise. For most of the way its imaginative and genuinely gripping but at the end its almost like Oshima just lost interest in it and brought it to a rapid ending.<br /><br />The story is simple - a woman and her younger lover kill her husband so that they can be together. But their failure of nerve and his returning ghost condemn them to madness. Its beautifully handled with imaginative set scenes and the lovers passion is portrayed beautifully. But too often the movie fails to really deliver on its promise almost as if Oshima loses his nerve in the same way the lovers do.<br /><br />Its a worthwhile movie to watch just to see how Oshima combines his great skill as a film maker with some exploitation movie tricks to pull the audience along but sadly its not a true classic in the mold of movies like Onibaba or Woman of the Dunes.
critique4108 If I assume that you know what this film is about I am also forced to assume that you've come to this review knowing that you will probably watch it regardless of what I say. If all this rings true - read on - you are likely to find some consonance with at least part of this review. If you're undecided or not really entirely certain what happened in the late '70s and early '80s in the urban and suburban youth music culture you should probably read one of the reviews which pretends to be objective instead.<br /><br />Although I didn't grow up in California the American punk scene was the first music scene I ever truly lived in. At the height of the hardcore I was immersed in from about 1979-1981 everybody had a band and the only common denominators between bands and indeed members of their audiences were:<br /><br />* the rejection of conformity<br /><br />* tolerance and enjoyment of difference<br /><br />* a desire to have fun - hard and fast<br /><br />Hairstyles politics dislike of authority figures and violent slam-dancing were not integral to what I experienced though there were certainly cliques or factions who tended to be intolerant of those who did not dress speak or act "punk" enough. And there was often a certain amount of unearned credit extended from some of these cliques to those who tried really hard to live down to the fascistic paradigm of anarchic self mutilating angry young cop-haters. <br /><br />Although the interviews with audience punks in Penelope Spheeris' excellent Cal-Punk documentary "Decline of Western Civilization" present a very narrow view of the subculture some of us enjoyed the interviews with the bands club owners promoters and even the security people are much more representative of at least my own perspective and memories of 'the scene'. nevertheless it is possible for those who approach this with prejudices about what punk is to experience this film without having their preconceptions challenged. Unfortunate as this is the blame for it rests solely with those who promote believe in or feel comfortable with stereotypes - Not the film-makers. Don't blame the messenger. <br /><br />The music presented here is not going to be for everybody - nor even most. It's not the most crude stuff out there but it's loud obnoxious fast and less concerned with technique than with raw energy. <br /><br />For me seeing early Black Flag with Ron Reyes singing X Fear and the Circle Jerks was worth far more than the cost of this hard to obtain film. As much as I like The Germs seeing Darby Crash for the mess - and the nice guy - that he was left me a bit cold. Nevertheless the scenes of Darby playing with his pet tarantula while "Shut Down" droned on and on in the background were precious. The X interview is also great. <br /><br />Spheeris' straightforward documentary style is supplemented by wild pans and zooms during the musical segments. During the interviews framing is used very nicely to provide context for whatever is being said. Considering her experience and the budget Spheeris did as well as anybody could have with this film.<br /><br />Recommended for those who appreciate what this film is actually about and for those who have forgotten those few years of fun honest direction-less rebellion before Amaerican punk was co-opted into yet another flow within the musical mainstream and the stereotypes became more important than the basic philosophy.
critique4109 Sure the history in this movie was "Hollywoodized"--but it's far from being the only bit of history rewritten for the masses. Lafitte sided with the Americans because he considered himself a Frenchman and therefore hated the British not because of any sense of patriotism for a nation that had taken over New Orleans only a short time ago; he broke his agreement and returned to smuggling which caused his sailing to Galveston; he was more of a petty criminal and scoundrel than a hero *or* a swashbuckler. But who cares? This is one movie that's sheer entertainment--and face it we all wanted Jean to go for the feisty wench rather than the prudish daughter of the governor. Brynner once again rises over mediocre writing to give a fascinating performance.
critique4110 This is one of those rare comedies where try as you might you can't help but giggle chortle guffaw and yes even laugh out loud. The lead actor's performance as Hyde is pure manic genius. See if you can keep a straight face when he does his transformation. Good luck. :) On the downside there are times when the movie does bog down. It seemed longer than its 90 minutes.
critique4111 First I was caught totally off guard by the film's initial lyricism and then I became totally enchanted with the unfolding story and engrossed with the brilliant directing. The characters were all fully developed not bigger-than-life but just like the people we live among anywhere we are in the world in Sweden in Turkey or in America all completely believable human beings with foibles and nobility. Hollywood could learn so much from this beautiful film. It shows that there is no need to go into every little detail behind every action to bring out the whole theme clear and bright and that shows the brilliance of the director! Hearfelt thanks to Kay Pollak and the wonderful cast for this superb treat!!
critique4112 I enjoyed this show for two reasons 1. Richard Dean Anderson 2. Amanda Tapping. These two performers carried the show with able support from the regulars and recurring actors. The replacement of RDA in seasons 9-10 was enough to take the heart out of the show.<br /><br />The chemistry between all the main characters is just tremendous. You get the feeling that the actors like to pal around after the camera stops rolling. This relationship carries over into the program we get to see.<br /><br />RDA gives his 'O'Neill' character believable personality. He never knows when to give the wiseass in him a rest. You watch the others roll their eyes in dismay at some of his utterances. Still they know that he is the man to have around when the situation is perilous.<br /><br />There is a lot going on between 'Carter' and 'O'Neill' under the surface. They manage to keep the lid on but often just barely. The episode 'Solitudes' in season 1 had some of the best drama ever seen on television. The love between the two made the prospect of dying bearable because they faced it together.<br /><br />'Carter' and 'Jackson' often have to smooth over some of the turbulence created by 'O'Neill'. Yet 'O'Neill's' tactical instincts always seem sound. He understands what to do without having to think about the matter. The team has several times been placed in jeopardy by the others not listening to his orders.<br /><br />The quality declined markedly in seasons 9 and 10. The original story arc was mostly used up and the new villains never really caught my interest. Ben Browder was far inferior to RDA in carrying the show. He had his rare moments with Claudia Black but that was all. Amanda Tapping was phoning in her performances these two seasons. You could see her greatly changed appearance after having a baby. She was probably thinking more about the child than the show.<br /><br />The spin-off 'Stargate Atlantis' has a few moments but is mostly a weaker effort. The major characters lack the chemistry of the cast of the original. The villains (Wraiths) are so improbable as to be ludicrous. Maybe Amanda Tapping can breathe some life into the program or it won't last beyond the fourth season.<br /><br />There has always been a problem for me in the special effects for the show. To have spaceships shaped as pyramids is a design monstrosity seldom equaled in Sci-Fi. The use of torches for illumination in these ships is just as bad. The campy use of decor from ancient Egypt concealing ultra-modern technology is just as hard to accept.<br /><br />I wondered about some of the continuity on the show too. In the season 2 opener 'Daniel Jackson' is shot up and his uniform has a gaping hole where he was wounded. He crawls into a sarcophagus and it heals his body and restores his uniform like it just came off the rack in the wardrobe closet. The episode 'Hathor' has a sarcophagus fall into the hands of the SGC yet it is never mentioned again. This device could have been used in several later episodes on 'Daniel' 'O'Neill' and 'Dr. Frasier'.
critique4113 If you're a film student or were one or are thinking of becoming one the name Battleship Potemkin has or will have a resonance. Sergei Eistenstein like other silent-film pioneers like Griffith (although Eisenstein's innovations are not as commonplace as Griffith's) and Murnau has had such an impact on the history of cinema it's of course taken for granted. The reason I bring up the film student part is because at some point whether you'd like it or not your film professor 9 times out of 10 will show the "Odessa Stairs" sequence of this film. It's hard to say if it's even the 'best' part of the film's several sequences dealing with the (at the time current) times of the Russian revolution. But it does leave the most impact and it can be seen in many films showcasing suspense or just plain montage (The Untouchables' climax comes to mind).<br /><br />Montage which was not just Eistenstein's knack but also his life's blood early in his career is often misused in the present cinema or if not misused then in an improper context for the story. Sometimes montage is used now as just another device to get from point A to point B. Montage was something else for Eisenstein; he was trying to communicate in the most direct way that he could the urgency the passion(s) and the ultimate tragedies that were in the Russian people at the time and place. Even if one doesn't see all of Eisenstein's narrative or traditional 'story' ideas to have much grounding (Kubrick has said this) one can't deny the power of seeing the ships arriving at the harbor the people on the stairs and the soldiers coming at them every which way with guns. Some may find it hard to believe this was done in the 20's; it has that power like the Passion of Joan of Arc to over-pass its time and remain in importance if only in terms of technique and emotion.<br /><br />Of course one could go on for books (which have been written hundreds of times over not the least of which by Eisenstein himself). On the film in and of itself Battleship Potemkin is really more like a dramatized newsreel than a specific story in a movie. The first segment is also one of the great sequences in film as a mutiny is plotted against the Captain and other head-ups of a certain Ship. This is detailed almost in a manipulative way but somehow extremely effective; montage is used here as well but in spurts of energy that capture the eye. Other times Eisenstein is more content to just let the images speak for themselves as the soldiers grow weary without food and water. He isn't one of those directors who will try to get all sides to the story; he is of course very much early 20th century Russian but he is nothing else but honest with how he sees his themes and style and that is what wins over in the end.<br /><br />Some may want to check it outside of film-school as the 'Stairs' sequence is like one of those landmarks of severe tragedy on film displaying the ugly side of revolution. Eisenstein may not be one of the more 'accessible' silent-film directors but if montage detail in the frame non-actors and Bolshevik themes are your cup of tea it's truly one of the must sees of a lifetime.
critique4114 i watched it because my friend said we could try it when my father asked if we'd watch it. i didn't want to because it was such an old film how could that be good ? i finally did watch with that friend and my father. my friend and i loved the film. the songs are great the actors were cool and we were crazy about it. i guess this shows even though it's from dad's time that doesn't mean it can't be a good film. i bought the film not so long after seeing it on TV i put it on a lot and sang along with the songs. i even watched it with my classmates on my birthday party. it's a nice good and sometimes funny film.<br /><br />if you don't try you can't say it's bad. even if you think no i'm not going to watch a film from dad's time. try the first part of the film you can always stop watching if you don't like it. i really recommend it it's great!!
critique4115 I have seen this movie many many times and I will never get tired of it. It is a classic in every sense of the word. The movie is hysterically funny and yet quite touching all at the same time. For those of you who are not a fan of "subtitles" or of foreign film in general open your mind. This is a great movie for "the beginner" because the story is so entertaining. Don't get me wrong it is 100% Japanese (and that is what makes it work) but everyone will get something out of it (even if it is just a great laugh at one of the main characters called Mr. Aoki - one of the funniest characters I have ever seen!)<br /><br />I can't even think of this movie without smiling!! I love it ... and I think most people will too.
critique4116 The NYT review says that Sigourney Weaver's character is taut and frustrated and later that she could be the sister of MTM's character in Ordinary People. Say WHAT? No way. This lady was quirky from the start. NOTHING like MTM in Ordinary People. Sorry.<br /><br />Next the NYT goes on to say that Sigourney Weaver's Sandy Travis and Jeff Daniel's Ben Travis are 40-something year olds "children of the 60s." Ms Weaver must be dancing a jig. I believe at the time she made Imaginary Heroes she was in fact 55 years old. She was born in 1949.<br /><br />NYT perception corrections aside this was a pretty good movie considering it was made by someone so young. Obviously Sigourney Weaver thought so and so did Jeff Daniels. The young man playing Tim was outstanding.<br /><br />There are some critical comments I could make about the script. Such as that I never really got a good sense of why Sandy Travis missed her son. Her sort of blown apart behavior was perhaps triggered by his death but that such behavior lasted Ã‚Â¾ of the way through the film I felt had more to do with her stagnation marriage her relationship with Tim and where he really came from and other unresolved issues than from any mourning of her elder son. Ben's mourning was much more clear.<br /><br />So Matt Travis was an asshole. Did his mom think so too? Still a very watchable film. What is becoming clearer and clearer is not that there are no roles for women over a certain age rather that what it takes is a director such as this one to be so clearly in love with an older woman (Ms Weaver) and to almost make his film an homage to her. Sort of an anti-Woody Allen.
critique4117 WORTH IT FOR: If not for Mick Molloy's work then for Judith Lucy. She brings her usual classy style of unbridled foul-mouthery to the role and steals the show in parts.<br /><br />IMHO: I'm not much of an autograph hunter but I have collected 3. The first is Samuel L. Jackson's the other 2 are in this movie: Tony Martin and Mick Molloy. Altho Martin only makes a cameo appearance Molloy not only stars but co-wrote and co-produced this flick. I've been a fan of their for years now (apparently I was the only one laughing during the on-set urination in the first episode of the short lived The Mick Molloy Show) so I went in to this with high expectations. I'm happy to say I wasn't disappointed. With Mick doing a lot of the work on this thing there's plenty of his usual trademarks. Phrases like "blow it out your arse" and "these bowls are s***house" are all over the place aswell as plenty of Winnie Blues being sucked down. It's also the sort of stupid original story you'd expect from someone like him. This is like one of those cliqued American sporting comedies where they make a baseball team out of prisoners or something. But rather than trying to make a dull American sport like baseball or gridiron interesting this movie focuses on a sport usually left to grey army: Lawn Bowls. But the main difference between this and other sporting type comedies is that this is actually very very funny. What's even better is that even tho the subject of this movie is a young lout joining an old folks game it's never insulting to the elderly and it never gets sickeningly soppy or anything. It's just good laughs at genuine 1972 prices. Mick is great in the first real acting role I've ever seen him in as is Judith Lucy and the rest of the cast but then most of them have had a lot of practice... This is the best Australian comedy I've seen in a long time. Go see it and learn the joys of Lawn Bowls!<br /><br />IT'S A BIT LIKE: Major League?<br /><br />SCORE: 8 / 10
critique4118 Having just come home from my third viewing of The Curse Of The Were-Rabbit I decided to jump on IMDb and see what others thought. I noticed a lot of Brits loved it while those in America just didn't get it. That really doesn't come as any shock as America doesn't get what "English" is.<br /><br />Wallace and Gromit are very English. Middle class English in fact with a hint of eccentricity throw in for good measure. The film is a lot like our two heroes; simple and unassuming. It has a nice and gentle plot so the children don't get lost yet there's enough beef there to keep the adults amused too. There's some light innuendo (which seems have to have offended the evangelic - oh noes drama!) but there is nothing more rude than a bottom for a brief moment. When people get offended by a plasticine anus you know the world's messed up...<br /><br />One quick note to those (all American so far that I have seen) who think Chicken Run is a better film: Chicken Run was made to pander to your sense of humour and I think it suffered because of it. Curse of the Were Rabbit is witty English and intelligent. Thomas The Tank Engine's film was ruined because it was made to please the Americans and I'm glad Nick Park did not let that happen to another Great British institution.<br /><br />To sum up: You can keep your Chicken Runs your Shreks your Madagasga's - that kind of crude crass slapstick comedy just doesn't compare to the wit and grace that is Wallace and Gromit in Curse of the Were-Rabbit. English to the core and long may Wallace and Gromit stay that way.
critique4119 This movie won a special award at Cannes for its acting and it's not difficult to see why. (A few spoilers - but for the ending you'll have to watch the movie!) A simple story - in Moscow on the eve of war between Russia and Germany in WW II Veronika (Tatiana Samoilova) is in love with Boris (Aleksei Batalov) but they have a spat when she learns that he has enlisted in the army. Boris leaves for the front before Veronika can tell him she loves him. Boris is shot but his ultimate fate remains unknown to Veronika or his family. Mark Boris' cousin rapes Veronika who feels obligated to marry him. Degraded and demeaned by the cowardly Mark Veronika clings to the hope that someday Boris will return. Superb camera-work and wonderful set pieces by director Kalatozov. (For anyone interested in film technique another movie by Kalatozov I AM CUBA has at least two superb set pieces - one of them a long tracking shot that begins with a funeral procession through the streets of Havana rises two stories to a cigar factory tracks though the window and follows the procession down a long long avenue - all without a cut.) Superb acting particularly by Samoilova and Vasili Merkuryev (as Boris' uncle) that is made all the more poignant by sheer understatement. A devastatingly romantic movie with a heart-stopping performance by Samoilova. (This movie is frequently linked with the other Russian classic Ballad Of A Soldier.)
critique4120 This has to be one of my favourite movies of all time. The dialogue with the constant use of puns is very tight the cast are superb and the plot is highly original.<br /><br />Don't take my word for it - watch this movie and enjoy it for yourself.
critique4121 This is one of the best movies I have seen in years. I took me to a new time and place. It was as though I was right there with Ray through his many trials and triumphs. Jamie Foxx transformed himself into Ray. During the movie he was Ray. Also Kerry Washington Sharon Robinson and Regina King were superb. The movie was well cast and directed the music was fantastic.<br /><br />I've seen the movie four (4) times with different people and the last time was just as enjoyable as the first time. I will buy the DVD as soon as it is released. This is a movie that will viewed over and over for years to come.<br /><br />Thank you for a great experience.
critique4122 You know people who make comedies so often forget it's really ok to be outrageous. Well not this time. Unconditional Love has it all. Barry Manilow and a dwarf in a movie with Cathy Bates as the romantic lead...and it works. Not only does it work it works very very well. In fact I think it's perfect. I laughed so hard I think I hurt myself yet the main characters were all so human so honest and so very real. But isn't that where great comedies come from? Don't characters need real feelings real emotions and the ability to feel real pain? Well they do in this movie. Unconditional Love is a movie you shouldn't miss especially if you need a seriously good laugh or you're at all curious about seeing the psychotic dwarf in the red raincoat.
critique4123 This movie works because it feels so genuine. The story is simple and realistic perfectly capturing the joys and anxieties of adolescent love and sexuality that most/all of us experienced during our teen years.<br /><br />The actors are as natural as figures in a documentary but are as convincing and as charismatic as seasoned performers. The dialogue is fresh and honest... and thankfully not filled to the brim with cutesy pop culture references. Also the cinematography is at once gritty and beautiful bringing the Lower East Side setting to life in a very tangible way.<br /><br />On an artistic level I love this movie because it reminds me of great Italian neo-realism films like The Bicycle Thief and La Strada. Movies rarely feel as "real" as this does ... or as Bicycle Thief did. And the only other movie I've seen that treats teen sexuality with the same level of seriousness is Elia Kazan's Splendor in the Grass. Writer/director Peter Sollett deserves tremendous praise. This film is quite an achievement.<br /><br />On a personal level I am always glad to see a movie that treats members of ethnic America with love and respect. As an Italian-American I hate the way my own people come off in the cinema (as racist womanizing criminal geniuses in irritatingly popular epics) and my aggravation on this count makes me acutely sensitive to other groups and their awful silver screen representations. Hispanics and Asians in particular seem cursed to playing villains in Westerns and action movies. (Good thing Gong Li didn't try to become famous in America!)<br /><br />Of course thanks largely to the rise of indie pictures and the influence of Miramax we are seeing a few more pictures about ethnic characters here and there ... but Raising Victor Vargas is easily one of the best. While I do really like My Big Fat Greek Wedding it is a refreshing change that Raising Victor Vargas is played straight (with less exaggerated and broadly-drawn characters) while still being very funny in its own right. Finally! Latino characters worthy of note. I have a feeling that this is a film that will be remembered.<br /><br />Of course now that he has made this wonderful picture about a family from the Dominican Republic I hope Peter Sollett gets around to making a movie about Italians soon! :) - Marc DiPaolo
critique4124 Walter Matthau is best remembered for the long series of comedies he did with his equal comedy partner Jack Lemmon from THE FORTUNE COOKIE to THE ODD COUPLE II. But people tend to forget that in the late 1970s he appeared with another partner in two films - a female partner. This was Glenda Jackson the English double Oscar winner who demonstrated her comic abilities against Matthau's first in HOUSE CALLS and then in HOPSCOTCH. Matthau's role was slightly larger in both films because his characters were more central to the plots but the chemistry between them was quite good. If you ever want to see two pros demonstrating how sexual intercourse can be crazily funny watch Walter and Glenda as Dr. Charley Nicholson and Ann Atkinson experimenting to see if two people could have sex on a bed under the old movie code rule of the two parties each having one leg on the floor! Never has sex been looked at from such a clinical and mechanical point of view.<br /><br />Matthau's Charlie has just been widowed before the film began. He has only had one woman in his life - his wife. So now he's the eligible bachelor. He also is the leading surgeon in the hospital he works out of but the chief surgeon is Dr. Amos Weatherby (Art Carney). Carney is apparently senile (there are moments later in the film that show he turns his senility on and off - see the scene where he rams Richard Benjamin's car). Amos is up for re-election (Charlie is his closest competitor for the post - if he wants it). However Amos manages to convince Charlie to let him keep the job for reasons of self-esteem.<br /><br />One day Charlie notices Ann in the hospital. She has had a slight accident and is resting in bed but Amos has put her into a cage like apparatus (which Charlie remarks has not been used since about 1920). He gets her out of the device and soon is romancing her. She joins the staff of the hospital but she is critical of Charlie's willingness to cater to Amos and she is critical of certain selfish tendencies she sees among the doctors in the hospital.<br /><br />Amos' bungling causes the death of a wealthy patron of the hospital (Lloyd Gough) who owned a baseball team (his greatest innovation being separate admission costs for double headers). Amos tries to calm down the young widow of the team owner delivering the eulogy at the burial service (the line in the summary above is the peroration line of the eulogy). However she is still determined to sue (her lawyer Thayer David says the hospital is the most incompetent he's ever seen). So Amos suggests that Charlie romance the widow to satisfy her from that expensive lawsuit. But how will Ann react to this? The film is quite amusing and was so successful that besides causing a sequel for Jackson and Matthau it led to a television series as well.
critique4125 I'm not the biggest fan of westerns. My two personal favorites though are Unforgiven and Tombstone. This movie though I loved! It was great! The plot was well done and it was a fun movie. Everybody who had a part in this movie did excellent! I even think it beat out both movies in someway. Well not really Unforgiven because that was a superb movie that these two can't compare with in the long run. I do think it beat out Tombstone though. Both had its strong points. For instance they both had excellent well known casts very good plots and very good filming. But Posse beat out Tombstone in four ways in my opinion. First the characters were more unique in Posse. The music was better in Posse. The idea was original in Posse unlike Wyatt Earp. And the biggest difference the action sequences! Oh my gosh! Posse was a western with really good action sequences. I mean really good! The action was fast paced. Like modern day based shoot'em up movies. The action had big budget explosions too! The fistfights were pretty good also. Mario Van Pebbles was great in this movie! I suggest buying this excellent movie!
critique4126 Bug Juice changed my life. I Know it sounds strange odd  weird. But it did. I am from England Bug Juice never aired there but five years ago i went on vacation with my family and saw it on the Disney channel. Once i saw this TV series I was hooked I wanted to go.It took a lot of convincing to my parents to allow my brother and I to go to Waziyatah. I have been going since i was 12 and it was my forth year this summer. If you are a teenager reading this come to this camp it changes your life. you make life long friends at wazi. It doesn't matter who you are or if someone at home doesn't like you everyone likes you at camp. You have so much fun. If you want to have a look go on to www.wazi.com and check it out for yourself. It is so much fun I Love it there It is my Home Away from Home
critique4127 A number of posters have commented on the unsatisfactory conclusion. This is always a problem with long complex dramas. Crime is essentially banal so the pay off is always anti-climactic whilst detailed exposition detracts from the human drama. The writer has used a number of clever devices to try and get round this but has not been entirely successful. Answers to precisely what happened and why may have been supplied but if so they are well buried. The viewer inevitably feels a little cheated.<br /><br />But in a sense this is unimportant. The drama was never about the crime or even the investigation it was about the impact of events on the lives of those involved; the family the investigators the witnesses the press. And as such it was gripping. The writing was a significant cut above the run of the mill for prime-time drama and the performances uniformly good. In an ensemble piece it is invidious to focus on individuals but Penelope Wilton deserves special mention for an extraordinary tour de force as the mother-wife-daughter and Janet McTeer was in cracking form as a hard-bitten old cop.<br /><br />One of the most interesting aspects of the drama is the handling of race as the elephant in the room that no-one is prepared to mention. Subtle powerful stuff.
critique4128 This film would be particularly fun for anyone who has been in the film industry especially in any indie capacity... those whose inheritance includes a film introduction may not appreciate it quite as much. I am hard to please in the documentary category. This doc is different though- its pleasure comes from an earthy realism of indie filmmaker punks who are a hoot to be around and watch. Whether you've ever wondered what it is like to be in films in front of or behind the camera or whether you have worked your way through the sometimes painful and hard but rewarding indie world you'll certainly get a kick out of this film.
critique4129 I missed it at the cinema and have rented it on DVD. If you get the chance I would recommend it as itÃ‚Â´s better than nearly everything IÃ‚Â´ve seen at the cinema or on DVd this year. That isnÃ‚Â´t to say itÃ‚Â´s one of the best films ever or anything itÃ‚Â´s just IÃ‚Â´ve seen a lot of rubbish :)<br /><br />CanÃ‚Â´t really add to whatÃ‚Â´s already been said except 8/10
critique4130 Hammer House of Horror: Witching Time is set in rural England on Woodstock farm where stressed musician David Winter (Jon Finch) lives with his actress wife Mary (Prunella Gee) & is currently composing the music for a horror film. One night while looking for his dog Billy David finds a mysterious woman in his barn calling herself Lucinda Jessop (Patricia Quinn) she claims to be a witch who has transported herself from 300 years in the past to now. Obviously rather sceptical David has a hard time believing her so he locks her in a room in his farmhouse & calls his doctor Charles (Ian McCulloch) to come examine her however once he arrives & they enter the room Lucinda has disappeared. Charles puts it down to David drinking too much but over the next few day strange & disturbing things begin to happen to David & Mary...<br /><br />Witching Time was episode 1 from the short lived British anthology horror series produced by Hammer studios for TV & originally aired here in the UK during September 1980 the first of two Hammer House of Horror episodes to be directed by Don Leaver (episode 13 The Mark of Satan being the other) I actually rather liked this. As a series Hammer House of Horror dealt with various different themes & were all unconnected to each other except in name & unsurprisingly Watching Time is a sinister & effective little tale about a witch the script by Anthony Read benefits from it's slight 50 odd minute duration & moves along at a nice pace. The character's are pretty good as is the dialogue there are some nice scenes here & I liked the way it never quite reveals whether David & Mary are going crazy or not. I think it's a well structured entertaining & reasonably creepy horror themed TV show that I enjoyed more than I thought I would.<br /><br />Being made for British TV meant the boys at Hammer had a lower budget than usual if that was even possible & as such there is no gorgeous period settings here as in their most well know Frankenstein & Dracula films although the contemporary English setting does give it a certain atmosphere that you can relate to a bit more. Another TV based restriction is that the exploitation levels are lower than you might hope for there's some nudity & gore but not much although I didn't mind too much as the story here is pretty good. It's well made for what it is & Hammer's experience on their feature films probably helped make these look pretty good the acting is good as well with genre favourite Ian McCulloch making a bit-part appearance.<br /><br />Witching Time is a good start to the Hammer House of Horror series as a 50 minute piece of British TV it's pretty damned good now why don't they make show's like this over here anymore?
critique4131 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** After two so-so outings ("Magnum Force" and "The Enforcer") Dirty Harry seems to have regained his stride in "Sudden Impact" a gripping thriller that wisely plays to its strengths: the charisma of Clint Eastwood who also directed and a story that spends just enough time on exposition and reserves its energy for the big scenes.<br /><br />For once the case takes Harry outside his native San Francisco (where he's again in trouble with his superiors for his "shoot first ask questions later" tactics) to the hamlet of San Paulo. There (WARNING: Potential spoiler) a group of lowlifes is being gruesomely murdered one at a time by a woman whom they gang-raped years earlier and whose sister has been in a state of catatonia ever since the attack.<br /><br />The killer is portrayed by Sondra Locke and she makes the character of Jennifer Spencer an interesting mix of compassion and cold-bloodedness. Locke's cold eyes and frosty voice when either trying to comfort her hospitalized sister or dispensing vengeance toward the rapists are very effective in painting a portrait of a woman wronged whose years of suffering and rage are now beginning to bear deadly fruit.<br /><br />The rapists are a despicable lot especially the leader who has "psycho nutjob" practically stamped on his forehead and a lesbian who seems almost one of the guys despite her anatomical inability to participate. The flashback scenes while not graphically explicit are nightmarish enough and clearly intended to make the audience cheer for Jennifer as she kills her assailants.<br /><br />Some will dismiss "Sudden Impact" as trash: a mindless manipulative revenge tale. On a certain level this is true but it's well-done trash. What works to the movie's advantage is the strength of the Sondra Locke performance giving us a complex character whose wounds are more visible in her paintings than in her gestures or speech. What we have here is an action movie with a point of view.<br /><br />You can take or leave the idea that some wrongs deserve to be punished by any means necessary but as the mystery behind the slayings becomes clear to Harry (a realization that wisely is not spelled out with dialogue) he is presented with a choice -- what to do about a killer whose motivations he can sympathize with but whose conduct he is bound by law to not tolerate. This makes the story more interesting than the usual Dirty Harry fare.<br /><br />The movie's other redeeming quality is Eastwood's direction. This is after all a Dirty Harry movie and Eastwood knows the character better than anyone else. The movie is directed with style and wit and edited to give the action scenes a big payoff. Some of the best "Harry moments" in the entire series are here including Harry's best-known line "Go ahead -- make my day."<br /><br />"Sudden Impact" is a movie that has the courage of its convictions in presenting a tale about a despicable crime and the brutal consequences that follow. It is also a riveting detective story well made and well told. And it is certainly never dull. On those criteria it succeeds tremendously.
critique4132 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique4133 For all of you that don't speak swedish: The swedish original title of this film; "RÃƒÂ¥narna" translates into something in the line of "The Robbers". This fact is the main problem I have with the film cause it's not really about the robbers at all. It's about a young woman working for the swedish police researching robberies. A regular desk job one would think but this girl is soon out on the field taking matters into her own hands as the story goes even shooting one of the robbers... Exactly: We've seen this before. The fact that there's a rather interesting twist to the plot halfway through doesn't really help as the ending is just as clichÃƒÂ© as the first two thirds of the film.<br /><br />What saves it from being just another mainstream film is the fact that it's masterfully executed in all ways that the actors are as great as they are and don't overact and that the director really manages to keep it as thrillingly exciting as it is for the most of the story.<br /><br />One thing that I really loved about this film is the fact that it's music sets the right mood when it's needed but is absent for the rest of the time which gives a nice sense of reality to the shootouts and car-chases spread throughout the film. A nice touch! The fact that Michael Persbrandt is one of the few swedish actors that often tend to get typecasted sadly hurts the film as you know that he's not going to just play the boyfriend of the heroine and be a supporting character in the background but that's something you have to neglect.<br /><br />All in all it's an entertaining film that steals more money in it's plot than time from you. 7/10
critique4134 108: Tarzan and His Mate (1934) - released 4/20/1934 viewed 8/6/08.<br /><br />John Dillinger escapes from prison and robs a bank in Iowa. Bonnie & Clyde kill two highway patrolman in Texas. BIRTHS: Ralph Nader Gloria Steinem Alan Arkin Richard Chamberlain.<br /><br />DOUG: After we were rather disappointed with the original 'Tarzan the Ape Man' we discovered among fellow users and historians that the second film 'Tarzan and his Mate' was the best in the series. It's true. I got a huge kick out of this movie. Johnny Weismuller returns as the titular vine-swinging animal dueling wild super-hero and Maureen O'Sullivan reprises her role as his entirely fantastic lady love Jane (who sports a two-piece outfit for the first and last time here). In my review for 'Ape Man' I stomped on Jane pretty good for her obsession with clothes and her incessant screaming but she's redeemed herself for me here. Make no mistake: O'Sullivan is the star of this movie and Jane is the most capable character in the entire cast. She acts as the ambassador between Holt and Tarzan she can function perfectly in the jungle and get along with the animals and she knows how to hold off an angry pride of lions when she's out of bullets. She's even got her own jungle scream now. The chemistry between Johnny and Maureen is irresistible. She's totally got him trained. Cheeta is quite charming as well taking drags off of Martin's cigarette. The plot is mostly an excuse for Tarzan to do battle with the jungle's most vicious animals especially lions crocodiles and rhinos. The effects though always visible are much more dynamic and cool and complement the action nicely. Oh and you can't talk about this movie without talking about the nude swimming scene. All I can say is: yes she is naked. Very exciting stuff.<br /><br />KEVIN: Wow. Just wow. When it comes to down-and-dirty pre-code action/adventure nothing holds a candle to 'Tarzan and His Mate.' The inevitable sequel to Tarzan the Ape Man is a kick-ass violent and risquÃƒÂ© jungle epic. I doubt there will be another Tarzan movie in the future that takes no prisoners the way this one does. You'd be hard pressed to find a full scene in this movie that would be Code-approved or Animal Rights-approved for that matter. The gruesome violence doesn't even wait for the happy jungle couple to show up before it pushes even the limits of today's adventure movies. And after T&J enter the picture there's plenty of early morning cuddling and ass-naked afternoon swims. See it for yourself if you don't believe me. I love Maureen O'Sullivan most of all in this film. In the first film Jane seemed like a walking contradiction like the writers back then just didn't know how to portray a character like that. But here she is a great precursor to kick-butt females of later cinema. Although she still requires Tarzan's assistance in getting her out of most jams she does a lot more than just waiting around to be rescued. Her personality is perfectly believable for a woman who has been living (relatively) comfortably in the jungle for a year. I watched this with my Mom and I enjoyed pointing out to her just how much Jane has Tarzan "trained" as Jeff Foxworthy put it. She totally has the ape man at her every beck and call. Although there is a host of dated optical effects throughout the film there is still plenty of hair-raising Tarzan vs. predator battles that are performed (mostly) for real. That and the men-dressed-as-apes are a lot more convincing this time around. **SPOILER** The film climaxes as the jungle erupts with a shocking orgy of animal kingdom violence that leaves Tarzan and Jane the only two humans still breathing. Although the couple rides off into the sunset reunited and victorious I can't help but imagine how this story will seem to the next safari who will hear about the previous bunch of humans who went to find Tarzan and Jane and were never heard from again. **END SPOILER** One of things that still bothers me is Johnny Weissmuller's smooth hairless bod and over-styled coif. Other than that this is pre-Code action-adventure that is absolutely not to be missed.<br /><br />Last film: It Happened One Night (1934). Next film: Twentieth Century (1934).
critique4135 Tesis "Open your eyes" and "The Others" were proof of Amenabar's talent and skill as a filmmaker but (in my humble opinion) were also flawed films in their attempt to outsmart the audience always offering one turn of the screw too many favoring cheap thrills twists and turns over depth and resonance. Lucky for everyone Amenabar chose a subject for his new film that would not allow a surprise ending focusing on characters and the emotional ties that bind them. <br /><br />The result is a little miracle of a film beautifully written photographed scored acted and directed. Everyone involved in this film delivers a carrer-high performancebehind and in front of the cameras from the wonderful cast (Bardem shines but Mabel Rivera Celso Bugallo Clara Segura and Lola DueÃƒÂ±as give the film an amazing authenticity) to Aguirresarobe's exquisite lensing. <br /><br />The film taps on many relevant issues and emotions effectively  it addresses heart and mind with equal power and delivers a final punch that stays with you long after the credits roll. This is a brilliantly executed film that not only will stand as a landmark in Spanish cinema but will surely become a pleasant surprise when it opens in the abroad (Sony Classics has paid a record 6 million dollars to distribute it) Don't be surprised it it manages to get in the Oscar race... There's no stopping Amenabar...<br /><br />Buen trabajo Alejandro!
critique4136 Let me say first off that I am a huge fan of the original series Lonesome Dove and the book it was based from. I have put off watching this sequel for the better part of 10 years due to the bad reviews I'd heard about it. If Tommy Lee Jones wasn't playing Capt. Call I didn't see the point. If Larry McMurtry wasn't involved why should I care? How wrong I was.<br /><br />This is in so many ways a worthy sequel to Lonesome Dove maybe even more so than the dark mood of Streets Of Laredo. The story acting production cinematography are all top-notch. Of course the script isn't as colorful as Lonesome Dove but it has it's moments. And much to my surprise there are bits of Lonesome Done in this series; the relationship between July and Clara completely dismissed in the prequel is brought up here almost identical to the book a most welcome surprise. The story isn't all roses it has it's surprises too. By far the biggest surprise is Jon Voight's interpretation of Capt. Call. While not a direct copy of Tommy Lee Jones' his is both faithful and unique to Voight's credit. The cast is fantastic all across the board and I don't think Rick Schroeder has done a better job of acting than in this series. Oliver Reed practically steals the show here he is superb in a role that makes you care for his character as equally as you hate him.<br /><br />It is worth it to watch this if you haven't due to bad criticisms especially that the DVD is so affordable (I got the 2-disc set for $10.99 you can probably find it cheaper). It is in no way the disappointment that Dead Man's Walk turned out (well it was for me). And MCMurtry was involved with that one!
critique4137 Like Ishtar and King of Comedy other great misunderstood comedies Envy has great performances by two actors playing essentially losers (may be too harsh a word I will call them suburban under-achievers).<br /><br />This film was a dark comedy gem and I'm not sure what people expect. I relish seeing a major studio comedy that isn't filled with obvious humor and I believe that the small moments in this movie make it worthwhile. The look on Stiller's face when he sees the dog doo disappear for the first time captures a moment a moment that most people should be able to recognize in themselves. Yes it was a fairly simple story but it examined the root of envy in a really interesting way. There were a lot of great scenes (the J-Man's decrepit "cabin by the lake" Corky's unceremonious burial Weitz's wife role and Walken's J-Man -- all great stuff.<br /><br />I can't stand people that get on IMDb and mercilessly trash films when they have absolutely no idea what it takes to make one. I will take Envy over almost any of the top ten grossing comedies of the year (save Napoleon Dynamite.) It's wittier wackier and an offbeat enjoyable gem.<br /><br />Remember this people; Most times Popular doesn't equal Good.
critique4138 Although John Woo's hard Boiled is my number 1 favorite movie. But i have to say police story is my number 2 favorite movie. I say this because the stunts the fights and the action my favorite part of the movie is when Jackie Chan jumps off the rail at the top of the esculator at the mall grabs on to a pole surrounded with Chrismas lights and slid down the pole fell through a skylight and finally land on his back on the hard marble floor. OUCH! Buy it at amazon.com for 14:98. (Or something in 14 dollars.)VHS new line home video. any questions or comments please feel free to reply. (i'm only 14 but i know where you can find any movie ever made.) if you looking everywhere for a movie and can't find it please reply to me. Thank you and good night!
critique4139 George Hearn really went all out and over the top which in this case was great. I've heard the Len Cariou version but it was too tame. George was great in that character - very expressive.<br /><br />Angela Lansbury was perfect for the part. She gave a great performance. She gave the Mrs. Lovett a great devious and comical personality which balanced out the dark story.<br /><br />I love the dark humor when Angela Lansbury sings her songs as well as her physical expressions and the angry emotions of George Hearn in his songs of rage vengeance and distress.<br /><br />I've watched this play 20 times since 1985 when I saw it on PBS. I bought it on video (after copying it in 1985 on my own)when it came out in 1990 and I definitely bought a copy of the DVD when it came out in 2004.
critique4140 Ponyo is a beautiful animated film with some dark undertones. It features a kid-sized story of longing and love with ecological implications but it is not preachy. Hayao Miyazaki has fused Andersen's Little Mermaid with Japan's native myths and his trademark steam punk flights of fancy and the result is very rewarding. There are some scary moments of oceanside storms and flooding but they are thrilling not horrific.<br /><br />If you've ever wanted to run with the waves along the shore ride on a jellyfish as an elevator completely transform yourself or make a friend for life Ponyo is a fable for you.
critique4141 Following is an intriguing thriller that requires constant awareness to be completely understood. The plot has many twists and uses displaced chronology. The event sequence complicates following Following. If you are willing to pay attention it is an exciting movie full of noir earmarks. With the running time at 70 minutes there is a lot to take in but the fast pace helps to keep the viewer enthralled.<br /><br />Bill is a lonely untidy fellow who takes up shadowing people and seeing where they go-what they do. He is a bit too conspicuous however and eventually gets caught by a well dressed clean-cut bloke named Cobb. Cobb entangles Bill in a world the poor boy is not prepared to live in. Cobb is a smart rogue who seems to have complete control over the other characters. By the end of the film the disjointed story is explained thoroughly. The film is an excellent first effort from the talented Christoper Nolan who would go on to make Memento one of the most original movies of our time.
critique4142 I have a six month old baby at home and time to time she fights sleep really bad. One morning she was having a particular difficult time getting to sleep when the doodle bops theme song came on T.V. She stopped crying almost instantly and for the rest of the show was content. I sat her in her bouncy seat and watched her kick her legs swing her arms and actually laugh at this show. The kept her entertained and happy the entire time. I also got a video of them so that at times when my little one is flustered I have something to calm her. Granted late at night if she awakes with colic to fuss the doodle bops are not her cup of tea but they sure do come in handy when I need a little time to do houseworketc. The biggest surprise about the doodle bops is that my child doesn't even like watching T.V. She'd rather be in the floor playing with a toy or with our small toy poodle than watch T.V. yet the doodle bops have totally captured her attention. I don't know if she will continue to like them in the future but for now she's attached.
critique4143 I don't know why I picked this movie to watch it has a strange title and from the description it just looked like something different. Every once in a while its good to try a film that's slightly different from the mainstream Hollywood hero/thriller flick and this film certainly was different. Right from the beginning this film had me intrigued but I couldn't figure out why until the end if the film when I realized that the movie was great because the characters were so real. I thought the acting was superb and the character development really makes you care about them and hope things turn out well for them in the end. I think that everyone who watches the film could in some way relate to one of the characters and this makes for great viewing and some good laughs at the sheer ordinariness of the actors. <br /><br />At the culmination of the movie you definitely get a sense of well being and are left with the 'things are going to be OK' type of a feeling. I'm sure this will have wide appeal and should be given a chance.
critique4144 I first saw this back in the early 90s on UK TV i did like it then but i missed the chance to tape it many years passed but the film always stuck with me and i lost hope of seeing it TV again the main thing that stuck with me was the end the hole castle part really touched me its easy to watch has a great story great music the list goes on and on its OK me saying how good it is but everyone will take there own best bits away with them once they have seen it yes the animation is top notch and beautiful to watch it does show its age in a very few parts but that has now become part of it beauty i am so glad it has came out on DVD as it is one of my top 10 films of all time. Buy it or rent it just see it best viewing is at night alone with drink and food in reach so you don't have to stop the film.<br /><br />Enjoy
critique4145 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and to date this year it is one of my favorites. The story was excellent although the twist at the end was far too predictable and I knew what would happen far too early. Usually when this happens the film is spoiled for me (like "The Others") but even knowing the outcome I still enjoyed it right up to the end. Looking through the comments of others many people were impressed with the performance from Kelly Overton (Eve) I'm afraid I was not. Her performance seemed to be the weak part of the film to me in contrast to the amazing performance (or characterization) by James Haven (Don Wake) ... I hope we see more of him. What a great little film highly recommended to all!
critique4146 When this first came out my dad brought it home- we were amazed by it- It was so different from anything we had seen before. I was looking for a specific movie last night and I found "The Mind's Eye" again. The box is falling apart and I am surprised that the tape still works! Although it is not 'Finding Nemo' quality graphics it is still very good. They should sell this again- it is a landmark for computer animation imagery. Highly recommended!<br /><br />This is what it is:<br /><br />"The Mind's Eye" is a spectacular odyssey through time. Your journey begins at the dawn of creation and moves through the rise of man and technology. Travel in the world of abstraction and on into the future with breathtaking computer animation imagery.<br /><br />"The Mind's Eye" joins the imaginations of over 300 of the world's most talented computer animation artists with a powerful original music soundtrack. This unique collaboration takes you on an incredible voyage into "The Mind's Eye."
critique4147 This was a very daring film for it's day. It could even be described as soft-core porn for the silent era. It was a talkie but dialog was extremely limited and in German. One did not need it anyway.<br /><br />The young (19) Hedy Lamarr gets trapped in a loveless marriage to an obsessive (stereotype?) German and after a short time in a marriage that was apparently never consummated returns home to her father.<br /><br />In a famous and funny scene she decides to go skinny dipping one morning when her horse is distracted by another. She is then forced to run across a field chasing after it as she left her clothing on the horse. An engineer retrieves her horse and returns her clothing - after getting an eyeful.<br /><br />They sit for a while and in a zen moment he presents her with a flower with a bee sitting on top. This is where she thinks back to her honeymoon and the actions of her husband and an insect. She knows this man is different.<br /><br />She returns home and eventually seeks out our young fellow and finds the ecstasy she was denied. You can use your imagine here but his head disappears from view and we see her writhing with pleasure. Since he never got undressed you can imagine... Certainly an homage to women by the director Gustav MachatÃƒÂ½ and a shock to 1933 audiences.<br /><br />The only thing that mars this beautifully filmed movie is the excessive guilt and a strange ending.
critique4148 More TV movies ought to be made like this one. I saw it way back in '93 when it was first on TV. Helen Hunt and Steven Weber were both terrific giving very gritty and realistic performances. Weber was especially good turning in an exceptionally creepy and understated performance as the child molester/killer. This film really increased my respect for Hunt as an actress. The director also directed "Hoosiers" which was somehow both formulaic and exciting. But the direction in both of these works has the same stark simple realism that is so appealing. If you like TV movies that aren't predictable and filled with overacting see it if you can. The side story about Hunt and Fahey's affair is also appealing without detracting from the main story.
critique4149 i enjoyed this film immensely due to pungent scenes (humorous as well as ironic some even "tragical") believable performances witty dialogue and a heartfelt rendering of what itÃ‚Â´s like or rather c a n be like to be hetero- and/or homosexual & on the lookout for fulfilment of your desires. iÃ‚Â´m aware of the paradox here: homo- a n d hetereosexual.... this is something the film tackles on end but never uses for caricature. if youÃ‚Â´re as open-minded as the people seem to have been who made that film in the end it wonÃ‚Â´t matter to you if those who lie in each others arms are of the same sex or not.<br /><br />"mr. smith" from the matrix gives an admirable turn as a gay houses-salesman with "strange" appetites here but thatÃ‚Â´s not the only thing to marvel at. enjoy.....
critique4150 This isn't exactly a great film but I admire the writers and director for trying something a little different. The film's main theme is fate and small seemingly insignificant things that can greatly change the future. In some ways this reminds me of the film SLIDING DOORS though instead of focusing on one random event seemingly random stuff happens repeatedly and each one helps build to the cute conclusion. Plus an odd bald guy seems to understand all this and he talks about this during one brief scene--like he's some sort of omnipotent being but there's absolutely no explanation of him in the film (like the two guys that fight each other in the clock tower in THE HUDSUCKER PROXY).<br /><br />The DVD jacket shows just Audrey Tautou. This is capitalize on her success in AMELIE though she is only one of many actors in the film and there is no one starring role. The pace is brisk the acting fine and the conclusion isn't bad at all. The only reason I didn't score it higher is that some of the characters were a bit uninteresting and I think the movie could have perhaps been tightened up with a few less subplots.
critique4151 i found the story to be just enough of a thriller that the wonderful henry mancici music didn't lull me. julie andrews was excellant and i sure don't understand why this movie had problems at the box office when it came out because it just makes me happy at the end to have everybody singing. and i do like happy ever after endings which i think you can say this movie has along with some traditional blake edwards humor...
critique4152 excellent drama. very dark. i have never seen california photographed in such a way. bridget fonda as the deaf wife beaten by her husband is superb. the film gripped me from start to finish. very understated performance by sutherland. the direction was very european. amazing to get such a performance from fonda.
critique4153 let's face it you know what to expect when you tune into a post 1990 Corey Feldman film there are probably boobs guns and cars. saying that there is more to this movie than just naked ladies (i'm sorry to say) cos it's mainly people getting themselves killed in a variety of unusual and as the name suggests often 'mystical' ways. I love crappy horror and i love this film. If you don't you probably wont. but i think it's worth most people giving it a go it's not so crappy that it'll ruin your weekend or anything. All in all if its mindless good fun a bit of corpse loving and an 80's childhood superstar your in the mood for then you've come to the right place. its a cracker!!!!
critique4154 For many the hit series was ten years of pitch black humour loaded with affectionate parodies of classic films and a hilarious assortment of over a hundred characters with instantly recognisable catchphrases. Few shows have survived transition from radio to TV to stage show to film but The League of Gentlemen have achieved it with suitable aplomb.<br /><br />The talented writer/performers had initially envisioned a Monty Python style medieval adventure but as soon as writing began they soon realised that the characters they have lived with had become very real and deserved better. With that the Royston Vasey folk realise their very existence is under threat as the writers decide to disregard the fictitious town and work on a 17th Century romp instead.<br /><br />With the exception of Michael Sheen playing much unseen League member Jeremy Dyson The League play pretty unlikeable caricatures of their real life personae as well as the familiar faces of Tubbs ("I made a little brown fishy") nightmare inducing sexual predator Herr Lipp butcher Hilary Briss and an unlikely hero - irate businessman Geoff Tibbs. New faces appear when the third reality appears it's here we are treated to charming and funny cameos from veteran actors and popular TV stars. For many this will be a really enjoyable 90 minutes.<br /><br />'Apocalpse is not going to please everyone though. Working on this level of post modernism has been done a few times before now and may seem all too familiar to audiences raised on irony drenched teen successes kick-started by the likes of Wes Craven having a New Nightmare. It also takes a lot of confidence in an audience to keep up with a high concept story so there are moments of exposition and dialogue that serve only to confirm what most in the audience already know. Comedy as a genre is formulaic but it's now unheard of for a British film not to fall back on the huge back catalogue of TV stars to fill short amounts of screen time. It's also hard to believe the creators ever wanted their offspring killed off which is perhaps why some of the role reversal doesn't always quite hit the mark. Would Hilary Briss have wanted to try save Royston Vasey in the series?<br /><br />However while the show's deliciously dark vein has almost all but disappeared but is arguably more accessible for it. Much will be said about the character development and efforts to humanise the likes of previously one joke incarnations like Herr Lipp. It is here an impossible level of depth can be found along with a harsh streak of biting satire and throwaway put downs. Sentiment is there with a lump in the throat but not sugar coated thickly enough to intrude on the action. The music is good performances exemplary and the animation is wonderfully seamless; a nice throwback to Terry Gilliam and Ray Harryhausen's work. In short there's a lot to like about the Apocalypse. Like so many TV to film transfers it was never going to be easy finding the line between preaching to the converted and introducing the uninitiated to the League's slick and distinct voice. But no matter what your preference is this last trip to the town which 'You'll Never Leave' is oddly lined with hope and ultimately very very touching.
critique4155 this movie had me stuck in this endless loop of thinking about it for days afterward...granted i am not the movie snob that some folks around here appear to be but i thought this was amazingly well-acted and a powerful creation if lacking a little subtlety in exectution. i happen to admire movies that can effectively recreate the sensation of watching a stage play it creates an inharmonious eeriness that works well with this flick. i am also a great fan of alan rickman so that might be my bias. personally i found the lack of spatial landmarks a good thing -- this could in fact be anywhere and probably is. i say go easy on what was a powerful experience for me and likely for anyone involved in any sort of political activity.
critique4156 Rented the movie as a joke. My friends and I had so much fun laughing at it that I went and found a used copy and bought it for myself. Now when all my friends are looking for a funny movie I give them Sasquatch Hunters. It needs to be said though there is a rule that was made that made the movie that much better. No talking is allowed while the movie is on unless the words are Sasquatch repeated in a chant. I loved the credit at the end of the movie as well. "Thanks for the Jeep Tom!" Whoever Tom is I say thank you because without your Jeep the movie may not have been made. In short a great movie if you are looking for something to laugh at. If you want a good movie maybe look for something else but if you don't mind a laugh at the expense of a man in a monkey suit grab yourself a copy.
critique4157 (Some Spoilers) It took some 19 years for Bruce Campbell to finally put his masterpiece " Man with the Screaming Brain" on the screen. But Campbell had to alter his story by having it due to financial problems take place in Sofia Bulgaria not where he initially wanted it to be filmed in Los Angeles California.<br /><br />In the film Burce Campbell plays US pharmaceutical tycoon Willian Cole who travels together with his spoiled rotten wife Jackie Antoinette Byronto the former Communist Republic of Bulgaria. It's there that William wants to help finance Bulgaria's almost non-existent mass transportation system.<br /><br />It's poor William's misfortune to get involved with both Gypsy woman Tatoya Tamara Gorski and her ex-boyfriend Yegor Valdimir Kolev an ex-KGB taxi driver. The two William & Yegor will unwittingly end up shearing their brains inside William's skullbecause of Tatoya's jealousy and vindictiveness.<br /><br />After Tatoya murders both William and Yegor their bodies are delivered to mad scientist Dr. Ivan Ivanowitch Ivanov Stacy Keach by his loyal assistant Pavel Ted Raimi to have their brains experimented with. Dr. Ivanov has this theory in that two heads are better then one. And now with the material William & Yegor available to him Dr. Ivanov at last is finally going to prove it. What Dr. Ivanov is going to sadly find out is that by fusing the two heads or brains together their brain waves will overlap and cause them to not only malfunction but turn against each other!<br /><br />William with Yegor's right lobe fused into his damaged brain is out to find Tatoya and make her pay for the damage she caused both him and Yegor. Yegor for his part is stuck in William's head who's likes and dislikes in both food and drink are totally opposite to his own. This causes a lot of tension and hostility between the two brains in them fighting for control of William's body!<br /><br />Things get even more screwed up when Jackie finding out that Tatoya murdered her husband William confront her in the dangerous and high crime section of Bravoda call Gypsy Town and ends up being murdered herself. Brought back to Dr. Ivanov by his assistant Pavel it's determined with no body availableto plant Jackie's brain inside of an experimental robot that Pavel's been working on. The operation is a rousing success but the only drawback is that Jackie with her brain inside the robot has to have her brain recharged every few hours! Or like a real brain lacking oxygen she'll die together with the robot's batteries.<br /><br />Combination 1930's-like screw-ball comedy and horror flick with both William & Yegor turning the Bulgarian town of Bravoda upside down in trying to find Tatoya and make her pay with her life for the sad state of existence she put them both into. <br /><br />***SPOILER ALERT*** It's Dr. Ivanov who in fact saves the day by discovering how to keep the two brains from fighting and thus cooperating with each other! This is done by him instead of fusing the brains together Dr. Ivanov keep them independent by implanting a neutralizing cell wall in between the two uncooperative globs of gray matter.
critique4158 Scanners II: The New Order is just as good as David Cronenberg's classic Scanners Scanners was made in 1980 and Scanners II in 1991 so their's an eleven year gap between the two movies. The film captures the style of Scanners which is a good thing it wouldn't be Scanners without a head explosion so Scanners II has a head explosion scene that's just has gruesome as the first. Scanners II: The New Order has some other imaginative gory scenes that are done well. The plot to Scanners II: The New Order is a new take on the series since it has the Scanners being used as a vigilante force for a police chief and a group of scientists until a young Scanner named David Kellum discovers he's being used and decides to get revenge.<br /><br />Scanners II: The New Order is a great sequel to David Cronenberg's sci-fi classic Scanners and should be seen. Check this out. 10/10
critique4159 An orphan boy named Tom (Tommy Pender) who works for a pair of shady chimney sweeps is falsely accused of stealing from the mansion where he is working at by Mr. Grimes (James Mason) - the real thief - and goes on the run. Tom's only alibi is the niece of the mansion's owners (Samantha Gates a slender blue-eyed blonde with long wavy hair who I'm sure was the primary reason why I repeatedly watched this as a boy). He and his dog jump into a river and a witch turns them into water breathing cartoon characters! While underwater he befriends and rescues a group of water breathing children known as water babies from a shark.<br /><br />A very interesting and always fascinating fable set in 1850 that should appeal to all children. The animation (42 minutes of the 85 minute HBO VHS print) is just average but it's preferable to most modern day animation - even computer animation! My only real gripe is a plot hole caused by a deleted scene. At 42:06 after the first verse of "High Cockalorum" the film cuts to a scene with octopi swimming followed by Tom and Jacque's encounter with Terence. This leads to a scene in which the killer shark (voiced by Mason) leads our heroes into a trap. The shark then greets Tom with "Young Tom so nice to see your ugly mug again" - but this is the first time in HBO's print that Tom meets the shark! Most reference books list the running time as 92 or 93 minutes and it was previously available from Sultan Entertainment and Nelson so it's very likely that HBO's print is edited and / or time-compressed. Adding insult to injury MGM released a fullscreen 76 minute print on DVD in 2002! Let's hope a restored version appears in the near future.<br /><br />The film is copyright Ariadne Films 1978. "Ariadne" is the water baby voiced by Samantha Gates. Bernard Cribbins who plays Mason's partner in crime also voices the electric eel. A.K.A. Slip Slide Adventures.
critique4160 This movie has very good acting by virtually all the cast a gripping story with a chilling ending great music and excellent visuals without significant special effects. It is interesting to note though that like so much science fiction its predictions for the future don't appear likely to come to pass as early as depicted. That's not to say we're out of the woods yet but 2022 is now obviously too soon to be in this condition. It shares this failing with a fairly illustrious list of science fiction classics: "1984" "2001: A Space Odyssey (compare its space station with our International Space Station) and Isaac Asimov's "I Robot" (positronic brains were to have been invented in the 1990's).
critique4161 First saw this half a lifetime ago on a black-and-white TV in a small Samoan village and thought it was hilarious. Now having seen it for the second time so much later I don't find it hilarious. I don't find ANYTHING hilarious anymore. But this is a witty and light-hearted comedy that moves along quickly without stumbling and I thoroughly enjoyed it.<br /><br />It's 1945 and Fred MacMurray is a 4F who's dying to get into one of the armed forces. He rubs a lamp in the scrapyard he's managing and a genie appears to grant him a few wishes. (Ho hum right? But though the introduction is no more than okay the fantasies are pretty lively.) MacMurray tells the genie that he wants to be in the army. Poof and he is marching along with Washington's soldiers into a particularly warm and inviting USO where June Haver and Joan Leslie are wearing lots of lace doilies or whatever they are and lavender wigs. Washington sends MacMurray to spy on the enemy -- red-coating German-speaking Hessians not Brits. The Hessians are jammed into a Bierstube and singing a very amusing drinking song extolling the virtues of the Vaterland "where the white wine is winier/ and the Rhine water's Rhinier/ and the bratwurst is mellower/ and the yellow hair is yellower/ and the Frauleins are jucier/ and the goose steps are goosier." Something like that. The characterizations are fabulous as good as Sig Rumann's best. Otto Preminger is the suspicious and sinister Hessian general. "You know Heidelberg vee are 241 to 1 against you -- but vee are not afraid." <br /><br />I can't go on too long with these fantasies but they're all quite funny and so are the lyrics. When he wishes he were in the Navy MacMurray winds up with Columbus and the fantasy is presented as grand opera. "Don't you know that sailing west meant/ a terrifically expensive investment?/ And who do you suppose provides the means/ but Isabella Queen of Queens." When they sight the New World someone remarks that it looks great. "I don't care what it looks like" mutters Columbus "but that place is going to be called Columbusland."<br /><br />Anyway everything is finally straightened out though the genie by this time is quite drunk and MacMurray winds up in the Marine Corps with the right girl.<br /><br />I've made it sound too cute maybe but it IS cute. The kids will enjoy the puffs of smoke and the magic and the corny love story. The adults will get a kick out of the more challenging elements of the story (who are the Hessians?) unless they happen to be college graduates in which case they might want to stick with the legerdemain and say "Wow! Awesome!"
critique4162 I picked this film up at my local library. Having met the director at a film festival late last year I was curious to "check out" his work. I was pleasantly surprised.<br /><br />The film takes a fresh look at familiar subjects love infidelity friendships jealousy. It can be a bit 'talky' at times but never so much as to completely sink the film. I enjoyed watching a love story with characters that CLEARLY belong together and watching them make conscious decisions rather than haphazardly "falling" into something as important as love.<br /><br />The contrast between this film and the average low-budget shoot-em' up black film is quite distinct. Check it out. If you're lucky your copy will come with a copy of the soundtrack like mine did. Good stuff!
critique4163 Roy Anderson's film 'You The Living' comprises a series of fifty-odd sketches snapshots and vignettes set in a Swedish city. Some characters are on screen for just a few second whilst others appear in numerous scenes and are sometimes seen loitering in the background while another story unfolds. Many scenes are drawn from the dreams nightmares and fantasies of the strange but believable characters inhabiting this world. It is a fascinating approach: each of the scenes could be enjoyed in isolation but together they contain a powerful portrait of what it is to be human.<br /><br />For the first half hour or so 'You The Living' is gloriously funny. Much of the humour centres on the members of a brass band whose music practice infuriates the neighbours in their apartment block. The comic highlight however is provided by a dinner-party track gone horribly awry. After this hilarious introduction however the mood of the film darkens considerably. The dinner-party dream turns grim when the hapless protagonist is put on trial for his life setting a mixed tone of absurdity and despair for the rest of the film.<br /><br />In the subsequent scenes the unhappiness of the cast of characters becomes increasingly apparent. Theirs is a world where people are unable to connect with one another where talk of dreams nightmares and fantasies is widespread but where no person can be comforted even when others reach out to help them. The despondent woman with the 'nobody loves me' refrain and the young girl with unrequited love for the rock guitarist Micke are archetypal characters.<br /><br />The world of 'You The Living' is also blighted by selfishness. An elderly professor is called away the warmth of a vast banquet to answer a phone call from his impetuous money-grubbing son; a thief steals the wallet of a ruthless executive; an arrogant and impatient businessman insults a Muslim barber and receives his comeuppance. In the film's bleakest moment a woman in church recounts the long list of human sins as her fellow parishioners shuffle out at closing time.<br /><br />And yet for all dark moments in this film the shared refrain of 'tomorrow is another day' points to the ability of people to go on living in spite of many miseries. The soundtrack provided by Benny Anderson (of ABBA fame) seems inappropriately jovial at first but makes more and more sense as the film realises this human capacity to persevere.<br /><br />'You The Living' has an extraordinary visual style. The same washed-out pale-green colours recur throughout and there is nary a shadow in sight; this makes the characters appear exceptionally pallid and creates the sensation that human life is being laid bare for examination. Almost every scene is captured in a static camera frame as if these are photographs being brought to life. The few occasions where the camera does move are all the more extraordinary; the contrast between the life and movement of the great banquet form a startling contrast with the deadness of the cloakroom scene. In the most intense moments of longing and despair the characters transfix the viewer by directly facing the camera Ã‚Â– they know that they are being examined and have a few moments to pour out their hearts to us the viewers.<br /><br />This is a wonderful human film.
critique4164 If this film strikes you (as it did us and apparently others departing the theater) as disappointingly thin it may be because the subject herself is mildly disappointing. The film faithfully presents us Bettie Page as she probably was: a playful almost-innocent from the rural South whose career as "the pinup queen of the universe" was for her just goofy natural fun. Her eventual moral qualms religious conversion and sudden departure from nude and bondage modeling are biographically accurate yet hard to understand given how untroubled she seemed by her livelihood.<br /><br />There are many reasons to see this film even so not least of which are the amazing b&w noir cinematography of W. Mott Hopfel III (complete with old fashioned wipes and dissolves) the 1950's-faithful acting of the cast under the direction of Mary Harron pitch-perfect performances by some of our most underrated supporting actors (including Chris Bauer Lili Taylor Sarah Paulson Austin Pendleton Dallas Roberts and Victor Slezak) not to mention the Oscar-worthy and technically difficult lead performance of Gretchen Mol.<br /><br />Ms. Mol does several scenes fully naked and most others in amazing period lingerie and "specialty" costumes (gloriously assembled by costume designer John A. Dunn) yet she astonishingly maintains Bettie Page's unstudied pleasure in her lush body. To watch Ms. Mol as Ms. Page an aspiring actress progressing through degrees of progressively less "bad" auditions and student acting scenes is to see a truly fine actress in complete control of her craft.<br /><br />The script does effectively bring us into 1950's America where childhood sexual abuse lawless abduction and rape and the legal suppression of brands of pornography which today seem laughably tame is a reality. 50's New York is evoked with seamlessly-inter cut news reel footage. 50's Miami comes alive in super-saturated 16mm-style color. The real Bettie Page seems to scamper smile and pose before us and yet the effect is curiously lightweight barely lewd and not at all dangerous.<br /><br />How odd that bondage's greatest icon should be so lacking in venom and that this technically excellent biopic should have so little sting.
critique4165 Made me think about it for days after seeing it. That to me is the mark of a great movie. Eyes Wide Shut had the same effect on me. I am tired of these people requiring these happy Hollywood cookie-cutter endings. I am planning on going to see it again tonight to understand the plot a little better - but regardless the emotional messages of the movie were totally felt.
critique4166 It is fantastic! A sick and twisted tale of coincidence and deceit.<br /><br />The story is meticulously and ingeniously constructed. It is really a perfect mixture: it has all from suspense to humor and the story is told with lots of originality... The film is built up like a puzzle which is assembled piece by piece and resolves the story... For the viewer there are plenty of surprises till the end!! I also had a little impression that the director has been inspired by some Hitchcock work. I've also seen films before where you see the same event happening from different points of view but this film goes beyond that. In this movie everything is built upon what happens to a body that appears and disappears and appears again in a different location. Every actor in the story has his own secret and we come to realize it in a way that contributes to assembling the puzzle.... I loved especially the dark humor scenes...which made laugh the whole theater.... This movie is a must see for everyone!
critique4167 Very Slight Spoiler<br /><br /> This movie (despite being only on TV) is absolutely excellent. I didn`t really pay attention to the differences in looks or accents so I can`t really comment on that. The acting in this was so good I had to pinch myself and say "Remember it`s only a movie this DIDN`T REALLY HAPPEN". As I sat and listened to Harris and Quinn talk I knew that it was exactly what John and Paul would be talking about had they actually had this meeting. The offhanded comments and burns from John were right on with his character(especially in the restaurant!) as was his depression while Paul was very easy going and laid back. Both actors did and excellent job and I was thrilled to have seen this movie. It`s a wicked experience for any Beatles fan. And prepare for a few surprises!
critique4168 Hitchcock would be proud of this movie. Even when nothing happens it is suspenseful. Director David Lynch overuses a few cheap thrill tricks here and there but he intersperses them with other cinematographic techniques to keep it from becoming obtuse.<br /><br />Altogether surreal this movie is like waking up and remembering most of a dream but not enough to make it sensible. I am still trying to figure it all out and will probably have to see it again to catch things I missed and which may help me understand it better. It is a very detailed plot that very slowly comes together so you must be patient and pay attention. Get your bathroom trip out of the way before it starts. And yet the plot is overshadowed by the theme the mood the character development and the filming techniques.<br /><br />The dual roles of the main actress Naomi Watts showcase her enormous talent. That is when I could get my eyes off of her co-star. What an acting pair.<br /><br />Lynch surprises throughout the movie with unusual camera angles the length/timing of editing cuts jumping back and forth between scenes. Combined with smart use of music and sounds it all helps to build suspense in our minds doubtless a major objective of the director. Well he kept me on the edge of my seat even had me talking to the actors to be careful here and not be so naive there. You know the kind of stuff you want to smack your kids for doing at the movies.
critique4169 That 70s Show is the best TV show ever period. It's up there with the Andy Griffen Show Saturday Night Live and The Simpsons in my book. That 70s Show continued on for 8 seasons all of which focus around a group of teenagers/young adults dealing with relationships separating from their parents and their overall futures.<br /><br />The two main characters Eric and Donna are two teenagers living next door to each other. They have been living next door to each other for most of their lives and just begin to feel more feelings for each other at the beginning of the first season. A large amount of the show revolves around how their relationship is working.<br /><br />Two other characters Red and Kitty are Eric's parents. Red was in the service so he really pushes Eric around. Kitty is just the opposite. Even though she drinks heavily she treats Eric and his friends with a lot of care. Bob their neighbor is obviously Donna's Dad. Bob giggles around with several different women throughout the coarse of the show's story. Bob also annoys Red to his full extent.<br /><br />The remaining character Hyde Kelso Fez and Jackie are Eric's friends. They also play a major role in the show's story.<br /><br />Well the First Season is great. This is when the characters are beginning to feel new things for each other. The First Season is original funny and enjoyable.<br /><br />The Second Season is good although it isn't as good as the first. It is a basic continuation of the First. Eric and Donna are together and everything is working out great.<br /><br />The Third Season is my favorite. It went back and captured the First Season feel and humor. I also think that the character chemistry improved a bunch making the show all that more fun to watch.<br /><br />The Fourth Season isn't near as good. Eric and Donna Arne't together in this one making the show slightly less pleasurable. It is still funny although I didn't enjoy it as much as the previous seasons.<br /><br />The Fifth Season is the last season I enjoyed all the way through. It is the gang's Senior Year so that really helps with the story. The Fifth Season also had the best ending out of all the seasons.<br /><br />The Sixth Season is good for the most part. It is extremely funny although it doesn't capture the feel that the other seasons did. The gang is out of High School so I believe that it didn't hit the teen feel that the previous seasons did. I also didn't like the last three or four episodes considering that they had a major drama feel to them.<br /><br />The Seventh Season captures the same feel that the 5th season had in a way although it didn't do it all the way. I enjoyed the Seventh Season as I did all the others and the ending is great.<br /><br />The Last Season flat out sucked. Eric wasn't in it which ruined it. Kelso wasn't in it for the most part either which didn't help. I hated the Eighth Season up until the last episode. I thought that the last episode was really good and a fitting ending to the series.<br /><br />So overall if you enjoy comedy give That 70s Show a try. They stopped making new episodes but it is still on TV a bunch. I also recommend buying Seasons 1-7. It is up to you if you want to buy Season 8.
critique4170 by Dane Youssef <br /><br />"Coonskin" is film by the one and only Ralph Bakshi is reportedly a satirical indictment of blaxploitation films and negative black stereotypes as well as a look at life black in modern America (modern for the day I mean--1975). Paramount dropped it like a hot potato that just burst into flame.<br /><br />But this is a Bakshi film controversial thrilling and a must-see almost by definition alone. Not just another random "shock-jock" of a movie which tries to shock for the sake of shock. It's by Ralph Bakshi. Anyone who knows the name knows that if HE made a movie he has something big to say...<br /><br />Although it's roots are based in cheap blaxploitation "Coonskin" isn't just another campy knock-off of mainstream white film or any kind of throwaway flick. "Coonskin" wants to be more. It aims it's sights higher and fries some much bigger fish.<br /><br />The movie doesn't just poke fun at the genre. Nor does it just indict black people but actually seems to show love beauty and heart in the strangest places.<br /><br />"Coonskin" tells a story out of some convicts awaiting a jail-break. The fact that it's even possible to break out of a prison in the "Coonskin" world alone makes it old-fashioned.<br /><br />One of the inmates tells a story about a trio of black brothers in Harlem named Brother Bear Brother Rabbit Preacher Fox who want respect and a piece of the action and are willing to get it by any means necessary. The Itallian mob is running all the real action.<br /><br />Big name black musicians star: Barry White and Scatman Crothers as well as Charles Gordone the first black playwright to take home the Pulitzer. Something big is happening here obviously.<br /><br />The movie plays out like a descent into this world this side of the racial divide. From an angry hip deep soulful black man with a hate in his heart and a gun in his hand.<br /><br />Bakshi's films never know the meaning of the word "sublety." This one looks like it's never even heard of the word. But maybe a subject like this needs extremism. Real sledgehammer satire. Some subjects can't be tackled gently.<br /><br />Bakshi is god-dammed merciless. Here no member or minority of the Harlem scene appears unscathed.<br /><br />The characters here are "animated" to "real" all depending on what the mood and situation are. The animated characters and the human ones all share the same reality and are meant to be taken just as literally.<br /><br />Bakshi never just shows ugly caricatures just for shock value. He always has something to say. Nor is black-face is gratuitously. Here unlike in Spike Lee's "Bamboozled" he seems to be using it to try and really say something.<br /><br />Like 99.9% of all of Bakshi's films this one incorporates animation and live-action. Usually at the same time. Bakshki isn't just being gimmicky here. All of this technique is all intertwined meshing together while saying something.<br /><br />Somehow this one feels inevitably dated. Many of these types of films (Bakshi's included) are very topical very spur of the moment. They reflect the certain trend for the day but looking back of them years later there's just an unmistakable feeling of nostalgia (as well as timeless truth).<br /><br />Even though the music clothes slang and the city clearly looks like photos that belong in a time capsule the attitude the spirit and the heart remain the same no matter what f--king ear it is. Anyone who's really seen the movies the state of things and has been in company of the people know what I'm talking about.<br /><br />Even some of the of the black characters are a bunny (junglebunny) a big ol' bear and a fox. One of the most sour and unsavory racist characters is a dirty Harlem cop who's hot on the trail of these "dirty n-----s" after the death of a cop. But for him it's not just business. Nor is it for the rest of the brothers who wear the shield. It's just pure sadistic racist pleasure of hurting blacks.<br /><br />The sequence involving the Godfather and his lady is one of the most moving pieces in the whole film of which there are many. It plays out like an opera or a ballet.<br /><br />The promo line: WARNING: "This film offends everybody!" This is not just hype. Proceed with extreme caution.<br /><br />You have been warned...<br /><br />by Dane Youssef
critique4171 The first feature length Muppet Movie and excepting maybe The Muppet Christmas Carol the movie puppeteers the world over are still looking for as a guide. Disney has done the Muppets a dis-service and this movie proves it over and over again. Featuring classic comedians and guest star cameos keeps to a simple but original plot classic Muppet lame jokes Paul Williams genius in song writing and Electric Mayhem madness and comes off with an amazing movie especially when you realize that the major cast are puppets. Only Croft has come close to Hensen's genius with puppets. Half of the fun today is playing is that cameo actor/actress still alive???? I can only hope Frank Oz and Dave Goelz and the rest of the surviving Muppeteers can somehow rescue and revive Kermit and Company from the deadly grasp of Disney.
critique4172 This film is a lyrical and romantic memoir told through the eyes an eleven year old boy living in a rural Cuban town the year of the Castro revolution. It is an obviously genuine worthy labor of love. <br /><br />The names CUBA LIBRE and CUBAN BLOOD are merely attempts to wrongly market this as an action film. DREAMING OF JULIA makes much more sense. It has more in common with European cinema than with RAMBO and the revolution is merely an inconvenience to people's daily lives and pursuits. That fact alone makes the film more honest than most works dealing with this time period in Cuban history.<br /><br />The excessive use of the voice-over narrator does undermine the story but the film makes up for it with unqualified clips from Hollywood films that say so much more visually than the narrator could.<br /><br />The comparisons to CINEMA PARADISO and are fair game as the film does wax melancholy about movies but there is an underlying pain at the loss of a lifestyle that surpasses lost love. <br /><br />The revolution like the film JULIE never seems to have an ending.
critique4173 About two hundred members of a Cleveland Ohio USA film society named Cinematheque gathered on August 19 2000 to view a pristine Cinemascope print of Michelangelo Antonioni's 1970 film "Zabriskie Point." Cinematheque Director John Ewing who does a superlative job of obtaining the finest prints for his series shared with the audience beforehand that this print was specially flown over from Italy for this one showing only.<br /><br />The audience was held spellbound as the film unfolded its artisty on the huge panoramic screen. Watching this superb print shown the way Antonioni intended made one aware that this is indeed a modern art work. It was all the more fitting that the series is housed in the Cleveland Insititue of Art in University Circle. <br /><br />Antonioni's compositions are created for the Cinemascope landscape. His beautiful balancing of images striking use of colors sweeping choreographic movements all are the work of a genuine artist using the screen as his canvas. <br /><br />At last the audience could understand "Zabriskie Point." As its narrative unfolded it became obvious that this work is not about story per se but rather an artist's impressionistic rendering of fleeting images of his subject. The setting of some of the more turbulent activities of the sixties provides only a dramatic motor for the artist's sweeping collage. <br /><br />Antonioni is not bound by conventional narrative standards and can pause at any point to creatively embroider an event with grandiose embellishments. The audience willingly went with the flow of his remarkable imagination as his huge images on the massive canvas held one in rapt attention. While the audience may have been only tangentially involved in character relationships it realized the theme here is human aleination the director's recurring theme. <br /><br />It was also realized that no print any smaller or of lesser quality than this original one in Cinemascope can do justice to this particular rendering. The audience was therefore all the more appreciative of viewing "Zabriskie Point" in its original breathtaking format and broke into thunderous applause at the end.
critique4174 I went and saw Rivers and Tides again today. It's the second time in two days and yes I do see movies I like as many times as is necessary. Yesterday I was struck by the brilliance of the images and Goldsworthy's works. This morning when I threw the coins I received #29 The Abysmal (Water). Goldsworthy has an affinity with water hence the title. I received the 5th line changing which moved to #7 The Army. To Blake Art was a War. Anyway I knew I had to see the film again.<br /><br />I read one of the few reviews extant Online from the SF Examiner. The critic loved the film but said Goldsworthy's comments got in the way of his enjoyment of the film. He'd rather have only the images and the wonderful soundtrack. So I was aware of that as I watched this second time.<br /><br />Yesterday I thought that I'd vote for Andy Goldsworthy as King of the World. Well today I could get a little bit beyond the images and listen to what he had to say. Could I enjoy the film without his comments? What he is doing what he is saying goes way beyond "art". His understanding of Water Time Stone Change and on and on made me think the man is the reincarnation of Lao Tsu or some Avatar. Some of his work/words are Zen like. His knowledge...<br /><br />Anyway the film is only (apparently) being shown here in the Bay Area. Be a Trend setter. Go to your local cinema and tell them no insist that they have to book a film you've heard about from the hinter lands. It's called Rivers and Tides.<br /><br />
critique4175 My ex wife and I saw and were intrigued by the trailer for this film. We waited for it to come out but when it did it didn't stay in theaters very long. Several years later I bought it on VHS and I am transferring it to DVD so I can preserve it.<br /><br />I found it to be very moving. It is about real events in a real country. BURMA got such a bad reputation for the political oppression it created that they changed their name.<br /><br />I find women with little make-up on to be very sexy. Patricia Arquette is in this movie. Frances McDormand and Spalding Gray are in it only briefly.<br /><br />After coming home to find her young son and husband brutally murdered Laura (Arquette) is afraid of blood. A bad trait for a doctor. Her sister (McDormand) talks her into going on a vacation to Burma. While there she witnesses a peaceful demonstration and has her passport stolen. In a bold (or stupid) move she asks a tourist guide to show her something off the tourist track. Her guide is injured by soldiers and she spends the rest of the movie trying to get him and herself to safety.<br /><br />Every time I watch this it reminds me that we in the United States forget that to a peasant living under military rule SOCIALISM where at least eating is virtually guaranteed looks pretty darn good.
critique4176 This is an Arnold movie. Now that you know that I've saved a lot of you the time it would have taken to read this review. If you don't like Arnold then you wont like this movie. If the case is the other then you will very probably like it. It's as simple as that.<br /><br />Now if you're still reading this I expect you like Arnold. Good for you! He is quite good isn't he. The Running Man is a very typical Arnold feature. It's got the usual retro-future we know so well from 80's B-Sci Fi it's got a bunch of terrible one-liners lots of violence and explosions and a good-looking heroine and a happy ending.<br /><br />In this case the evil opponent is the all-controlling 1984ish government which uses television as an effective crowd-control with gladiator-type game shows. Arnold of course ends up in one of these shows and turns it all up-side-down with a little help from his two confederates and the good-looking Amber.<br /><br />It's not a big budget movie but it still managed to create a pretty good atmosphere of the future with some nice matte paintings and sets to help it. It's hopelessly 80's but I find that charming. Acting is varying Arnold doing his usual grunt and shout thing with a helping of stone-faced one-liners. Heroine Amber is to put it lightly a bit stereotypical and the subtly named Damen Killian is a typical evil TV man.<br /><br />In spite of all it's flaws the movie shows its message very clearly; television is an opiate of the masses a good way to control people. It also features some at the time futuristic digital video editing allowing the bad guys to change faces in a video to fool their audience. This does not seem futuristic at all today which is a bit alarming.<br /><br />If you've seen Arnold movies before then you know when to watch this one. Enjoy.
critique4177 What is very French about this film is the time taken to establish the two leading characters. This might require a bit of patience especially since neither is "attractive" in the typical Hollywood definition of such. However once the "heist" kicks in the film rushes forward quickly perhaps at times too quickly. But it is a real rollercoaster ride and if you don't look too closely it is all quite believable. The kind of film that you know Hollywood would have botched up.
critique4178 I don't want to spoil the movie for anyone but this mimics life's reality in so many ways and if you are really honest with yourself you will resonate with it in agreement in at least a few of the scenes.<br /><br />The acting is not only believable but convincing in a way that endears one to the characters. Moreover it's funny without trying too hard at it.<br /><br />And yes I truly believe a sequel is warranted here. See the movie you'll understand why.<br /><br />Highly recommended especially if you like movies that have a real message.
critique4179 You're using the IMDb.<br /><br />You've given some hefty votes to some of your favourite films.<br /><br />It's something you enjoy doing.<br /><br />And it's all because of this. Fifty seconds. One world ends another begins.<br /><br />How can it not be given a ten? I wonder at those who give this a seven or an eight... exactly how could THE FIRST FILM EVER MADE be better? For the record the long still opening shot is great showmanship a superb innovation perfectly suited to the situation. And the dog on the bike is a lovely touch. All this within fifty seconds.<br /><br />The word genius is often overused.<br /><br />THIS is genius.
critique4180 This is by far the best stand-up routine I have ever seen. John Leguizamo's one man show tells the supposed story of his life in a barrage of lines and situations. By far better than any other comedy out there.
critique4181 I try to be diverse in my movie watching. I can get into "Pride and Prejudice" as easily as I get into "Disappearing Acts". Love Jones is my all time favorite it is the standard by which I judge any Modern Urban Romantic Comedy. Shot very well the shot of Nia and Darius riding up Lakeshore Drive on the Motorcycle is one of Classic 3 second movie shots of all time. Of course no one will ever remember it. When it came out I though it would be a new paradigm for Modern Urban Film-making good actors no guns and so forth. The movie industry has disappointed me to a certain degree you will have your occasional Drumline or Roll Bounce or Tyler Perry's "Why Did I get Married". So whenever I need to see "my people" presented on screen in a very professional and stylish way I pop in Love Jones. There is no Best Movie ever made to many people and opinions for that. But it is my personal best. My favorite line from Love Jones " Baby I just wanna come up and talk!!"
critique4182 This BBC series is excellent. I am no Paleontologist but this series gives the best historical representation of dinosaurs I have ever seen. The 3D animation and animatronics are very good and make you believe you have travelled back in time. The BBC deserves a pat on the back for such a fine series as well as Tim Haines who must have spent a great deal of time getting this series to air.
critique4183 Thank goodness not all Dutch people are that ruthless. I think Jason is being judged like that by most people simply because he has a famous father. Maybe he's not as great as some of those actors but he's definitely not as bad as suggested. <br /><br />I watched the movie some years ago and I actually loved it. I knew Jason from other movies and of course Robin of Sherwood. But I must say I really liked his acting from this movie on. It was really good!<br /><br />During the movie I actually forgot he was the son of. Sean.. who?<br /><br />And if you're a Shakespeare lover I can recommend this movie. I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
critique4184 Your average garden variety psychotic nutcase (deliciously essayed with unhinged glee by Stephen Sachs) knocks off various dim-witted young "adults" (to use the term very loosely) in Dayton Hall University which is being closed down for demolition. Featuring dreadful acting by the entire cast (Daphne Zuniga makes her ignominious and inauspicious film debut here as Debbie a bimbo who has her head crushed by a car!) a hefty corpse tally of 10 okay make-up f/x by Matthew Mungle a few bloody murders (baseball bat bludgeoning chicken wire strangulation your standard drill through the head bit that sort of gruesome thing) a downbeat surprise twist ending which was later copied in "Intruder" a creepy score by Christopher ("Hellraiser") Young a slight smidgen of gratuitous female nudity and endearingly incompetent direction by Jeffrey Obrow and Steve Carpenter (who also blessed us with "The Power" and "The Kindred") this entertainingly abysmal slice'n'dice atrocity sizes up as a good deal of delectably dopey and drecky low-grade fun.
critique4185 I gave 9 of 10 points. I was sitting in tears nearly the whole movie because I had to laugh!<br /><br />The story of course wasn't excellent but it also wasn't boring. Erkan & Stefan are assigned to become bodyguards for the beautiful Nina. While doing this job they come between the "front-lines" of BND and CIA. Of course the two are neither born bodyguards nor gentlemen so they run from one disaster into another; and they do this in such a funny way that when you watch some scenes you won't be able to stop the tears! As actors those two "dumbly grinning" characters do quite well better than some so called professional.<br /><br />You think the speech of the two heroes is curios or "pseudo-foreign"? Well if you hear quite a lot Turkish-German people in Munich speaking exactly like them you will remember Erkan & Stefan. And maybe in 10 years it might have become the common speech of the youth. (God forbid!)<br /><br />So if you like to laugh watch this movie!
critique4186 This is one of my favorite movies of all time. I loved Rain Man with Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise. This movie is in some ways similar but makes Rain Man seem artificial shallow unemotional and trivial by comparison.
critique4187 This is my favorite love story it has every element that a good love story should have. Poetry jazz friendships the ups and downs in a relationships. Finally a movie that shows positive aspects of the black community. Larenz Tate was great I can't picture anyone else playing the role of Darius. He recited that poem like he had written it himself and meant every word. I own this movie and if I had the time I would watch it everyday it always makes me feel better and that's what a good movie should do. Also the character Savon could not had been any better dealing with the subject of marriage. We would all like to find a Darius out there but most of us just settle for watching this movie. My vote is 10/10
critique4188 A truly remarkable film that takes you on a journey through your hidden emotionsa deep and enlightening story. The story takes you through the lives and beliefs of gay and religious cultures with excellent performances from an superb star cast. It will touch the deepest reaches of your emotions for those who belief that a love that risks nothing is worth nothing. The film starts with introducing us to the characters that on the surface seem to have everything later we find that beneath the surfaces of each character they are looking for a journey of self discovery. We learn from this story that we all must chose the path in life that we are destined to be on despite what difficulties we encounteran all thumbs up film!!!!!
critique4189 I have seen all the films directed by Robert Redford and appreciated his love of the American people and the land. In A River Runs Through It Redford displays the lyric romanticism and visual splendor of the high Rocky Mountains of Montana as if he were a 19th century landscape painter of the ilk of Thomas Moran or Albert Bierstadt. This film makes love to the visual and the word with text by author Norman Maclean and stunning camera work by Phillippe Rousselot (Serpent's Kiss Reigne Margot).<br /><br />Redford's cast is perfect. Tom Skerritt is the Rev. MacLean a man whose methods of education include fly fishing as well as the Bible Brenda Blythen the mother and his sons Craig Schaffer and Brad Pitt create a family whose interactions reflect the same problems all encounter with growing teenage sons and later complex young men. Both Schaffer and Pitt are totally believable as the brothers whose love of fly fishing and each other will tie them together forever. It is the relationships between men father and sons brothers and their women to the outside world that grounds A River Runs Through It to a vein of storytelling that is missing in so many of Hollywood films produced in recent years.<br /><br />What makes these relationships special however is the attention Redford gives to the language as spoken in dialogue. This is a literate script beautiful to hear and unforgettable when coupled with the stunning Montana rivers and mountains. The words and setting are equal to performances by a cast that rises to their material. While the idea of fly fishing may seem an odd device to center a story it is not so implausible in Redford's directorial hands. Given the material Redford's ode to a simpler time and life is worth revisiting again and again.
critique4190 There is no denying that this is a bad movie. The acting isn't great likewise the script acting and direction. Still I cannot wait until its 2/23/99 video release from Anchor Bay. Everyone knows there are several bad movies out there that have a tremendous appeal to them. This one tops my list.
critique4191 No blood no sex (though it oozes passion) no special effects but just one of those pearls that comes across your movie screen when you're not really looking and grabs your attention. <br /><br />Great acting great sets great music beautiful storyline. If only there were a lot more movies made like this one!<br /><br />The sets move us through time and make us feel like we were there.<br /><br />The acting appears like real life and elevates us to the level of awareness of "Nanny" to whom no-one is a lost cause least of all the inhabitants of her own "Halfway" house. <br /><br />Best of all it's a true story of misfits learning to "fit in". I was somewhat jealous of the good times that everyone appeared to be having in the movie! Could we all spend some time in Nanny's house?
critique4192 This is a very difficult movie and it's almost impossible to get a handle on what's going on. At first it seems to be a rather pedestrian movie about a guy (Trelkovsky) who needs an apartment and rather crassly invites himself into one when the current tenant (a woman) commits suicide. Then the twists and turns start. Are the neighbors trying to kill him? And why are the dead tenant's clothes turning up in the apartment? One wonders finally if Trelkovksy _is_ the prior tenant. <br /><br />SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER <br /><br />One of the tricks Polanski pulls on us is to lie to us. We assume when we see things from the point of view of a character that we see things as the character does and that there may be distortions of reality. We assume when the camera is showing us things from its omniscient point of view that we see actuality - but Polanski has the camera lie to us.
critique4193 This certainly is one of the best western movies produced in the new Millennium. It's an homage to all the stars of the great TV western classics and it is the ultimate revival of the western movie. The story of two brothers who meet after the War between the States and end up on different sides of the law isn't new but interesting nonetheless and the shootouts and the atmosphere are great. There is some graphic violence like bad guys getting chopped to death with an axe or women being shot down in cold blood and Lee Majors doesn't take part in the action until the very end that's why I gave it 9 out of 10 points. But it still is one of the best new western productions I've ever seen. I've had the honor and pleasure to meet Chris McIntyre at the Festival of the West and have a nice chat with him and I've had the chance to meet Buck Taylor who performs the role of town doctor. In my opinion we ought to be much obliged to Chris McIntyre for his efforts to gather that many stars of the classic TV westerns and SASS around him to perform in a new western such as this. Chris has an outstanding talent for choosing the right actors for the main characters too. Both are young and promising and I think we should see more of them in future western productions. I sincerely enjoyed this western movie - it was worth every minute. I hope that Chris McIntyre will continue to work on other western movies and present us with some more great productions such as this one. Great work Chris! Jasper P. Morgan (Pete)
critique4194 I am a big Beatles fan. My favorite Beatle is Paul and my least favorite is John. I already knew quite a bit about the Beatles music and the truth behind the breakup as well as things like John Lennon's family and Paul's band Wings. I was curious to see how this movie would handle the relationship between John and Paul so many years after the breakup.<br /><br />I was not disappointed by this movie. Although the story itself is fiction many of the references that the two musicians used were very accurate. These included how Yoko Ono would always be with John wherever he went the Wings song "Silly Love Songs" being the number one hit that year and the concert on the roof of Apple Studios playing music from the album "Let It Be."<br /><br />The actors did a very good job in playing John and Paul. The accents could had used maybe a bit more work but they seemed to act a lot like I've read the two former-Beatles used to act like. I also liked the dialogue between them which was basically what the entire movie was.<br /><br />The ending at first disappointed me but the more you think about it the more you will appreciate it especially since this was how it really went in real life. They also show the fantastic skit from "Saturday Night Live" in which the Beatles are offered $3000 to perform on the show. (as compared to the $220 million others were offering them) Overall I was not disappointed with this movie. It does really give you more of a feel for why the Beatles broke up and why they never got back together.
critique4195 With this movie being the only Dirty Harry movie which Clint Eastwood not only stars but produces and directs as well you know it's got to be good. Although some say that The Enforcer is the best out of the series I completely disagree. In my opinion apart from the original Dirty Harry Sudden Impact and Magnum Force are the only two worthy of being in the series. Although The Enforcer is an alright film with a couple of good action sequences it doesn't get the dirty and gritty impact that the other three films do. This film captures all the excitement that makes a Clint Eastwood film good and it's got the quotes that make a Dirty Harry film good. In Diry Harry it's "..Well do ya punk?"; in Magnum Force "A man's got to know his limitations" ; and in this it's "Go ahead. Make my day." Also in this film it's nice to see a change of scenery as you get a bit tired of seeing the same old San Fransisco streets in the other films in the series. With great acting by Clint Eastwood and co-star Sandra Locke and good directing by Clint this is in my opinion the best Dirty Harry sequel ever.
critique4196 Garlin is unquestionably a comedian's comedian and a comedian to anyone looking for a good time. His first film which is entirely his own creation and production tells the story of a struggling Chicago actor James Aaron with whom Jeff obviously identifies. He wonderfully juxtaposes James to Paddy Chayefsky's "Marty" and to Jackie Gleason's Poor Soul as he exposes James' dilemmas with an array of actors that in real life are Jeff's friends many who are fellow Second City alumni.<br /><br />He delightfully uses Sarah Silverman's diametrical cuteness and scathingly absurd humor to exemplify how despite common sense and talent life's contentment can too often belie unyielding frustration. Bonnie Hunt gives an endearing performance as a romantic interest.<br /><br />Don't let a simple story mislead you the characters and conflicts are well thought out and ring true. Those that follow Garlin's career and understand that his humor is based on telling reality humorously not necessarily creating fiction which too easily can be contrived will appreciate his dialogue driven story.<br /><br />We surely will see Garlin working much more as director and writer with other talented intelligent comedic actors who undertake the great challenge of making life funny.
critique4197 I am writing this after just seeing The Perfect Son at the 2002 Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival in Sydney Australia.<br /><br />When their Father dies two estranged brothers meet at the funeral and after discovering that one of the brothers is dying from AIDS they enter on a heart warming journey of reconciliation. The two leads do a magnificent job of creating the gradual warmth and respect that builds up between them as the movie progresses. I do have one qualm about the movie though - whilst the brother who is dying acts sick he doesn't look it. A person of 0 T4 cells would look quite ill - not even a make up job to make the actor look ill was employed. A small gripe but one that makes it a bit less realistic. Despite that one small gripe The Perfect Son is a wonderful movie and should you have the chance to see it- do. I'm hoping for a DVD release in the near future!
critique4198 This is one of those movies that was never publicized and therefore was missed when it originally played in the theaters.<br /><br />I came across it while switching TV channels and was immediately engrossed in this story of an aging rodeo bum whose recklessness and lack of responsibility hurt everyone around him. I've often wanted to see the movie again but couldn't even remember its name and have never seen it in the rental stores.<br /><br />James Coburn and Slim Pickens were excellent in their roles and the rodeo footage was first rate. While being an action movie and having a western setting and theme it could be enjoyed by anyone regardless of their taste in films.
critique4199 If your looking for a movie with fantastic music nice cast and a storyline that is not to difficult to understand; FAME is for you.<br /><br />I have several scenes that i love in this movie; some make you laugh others make you contemplative. The editing i think is wonderful really fast and often funny. Shure maybe there would have been some more potential in the whole thing all the story's stay somehow on the surface; maybe a bit too many characters are involved.But I don't care because the real stars are...<br /><br />...the musical scenes! One of my favorites: the hot-lunch-jam sequence. That piece is just so raw funky and filmed in a special way (handcamera-style in "music-hell-breaking-loose") its just electrifying! I miss this raw energy in todays music-clips; the only similar energy I found perhaps in Bette Midlers "the rose" all of the concert footage.Its about capturing something "wild" that is "realy" happening and not doing it just perfect; take by take.<br /><br />So FAME is a wonderful nostalgia-trip to when synthesizers where heavy and walk-mans not available.I recommend it once a year; sure not for everyone.
critique4200 This film is superb! Wesley Snipes Plays Blade the vampire hunter with pure class he kicks butt in such a fluid and violent way that would make Bruce Lee proud. The movie is a fast paced thrill ride of action and superb stunts. The first action scene and last are outstanding and Wesley looks like a Terminator as he runs around wiping out all suck heads. The script is pretty good and there is sharp dialogue too. Wesley should have done more action films than he has i know he is a very good actor and in this he is not streched as much as in his more comic or drama roles but as far as action stars go he is the best actor of them all only Bruce Willis Stallone and perhaps Tom Cruise (if he counts as an action star) come close. Also aswell as Wesley being quality Steven Dorff is also very good as the bad guy. It was an unexpected surprise that someone of small stature compared to Snipes should come across as menacing but he does. Overall the film is sharp stylish and i hope the sequal is done with the same sort of pace.
critique4201 This is a prime example of uninhibited filmmaking at its best. Richard Greene (who does good in the role) search for his two missing friends takes him to the Black Forest domain and castle of one-eyed Count Bruno (Stephen McNally) a past enemy of his whom he has never seen face to face. Incredible film has so many awesome elements combined (for once) into a single film--a crocodile pit; a hulking mute (played by Lon Chaney Jr.); a crafty doctor (played by Boris Karloff); a leopard hunt (VERY well done and VERY atmospheric); a love story; a castle; a swordfight; a sadistic one-eyed count and his two evil accomplices (played by John Hoyt and Michael Pate!!!); an intriguing background story which makes the film even more interesting; and more!. Jerry Sackheim's script doesn't allow itself to be bound in--making a film that comes extremely recommendable to anyone who is into unlimited filmmaking with a touch of horror and atmosphere to it.
critique4202 The Academy Award winning 'Kramer vs. Kramer' follows a snazzy businessman Ted Kramer (Dustin Hoffman) and his divorce with his bored wife (Meryl Streep). One day Ted's wife leaves him and their child in search for a better life forcing Ted to become closer to his son (Justin Henry). The two bond and become very close (but only after some friction) and just as everything is going perfect Ted's wife comes back to town and wants sole custody of their son. Ted then goes on a mission not to let his son get taken away from him and fights his wife in court. Dustin Hoffman gives a tremendous performance along with Meryl Streep and young Justin Henry is impressive. It's a sad emotional roller-coaster of a movie but it's a very well-made and inspiring film. The film took the Oscar for Best Picture at the 1979 Academy Awards along with Best Actor for Hoffman and Best Supporting Actress for Streep. If you don't mind a tearjerker 'Kramer vs. Kramer' is a great film to watch. Grade: B+
critique4203 Thursday is clearly derivative of the 'new wave' of crime films released since Quentin Tarantino took the genre by storm with Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction in the early nineties but it has enough ideas of it's own to ensure that it remains an interesting little film. Thursday utilises a few characters mostly within a single location. It works because each character is quirky enough in their own right to be memorable and when put together what you've got is a very amusing little thriller. There is little substance to be found within the plot but it doesn't matter because nobody goes into this sort of film expecting a life-affirming experience. The plot follows Casey; a former drug dealer who has gone straight and is now living as a successful architect in suburbia with his wife. The pair wants to adopt a child but things turn awry when Casey receives a visit from his old partner in crime Nick who brought with him a case of heroine and a load of money stolen from the cops. Thursday is going to turn out to be a very interesting day for our former criminal...<br /><br />The first scene sets the film up rather nicely and ensures that we know what to expect. We see a coffee order go wrong which turns into a murder scene that the culprits promptly cover up when a cop comes in for refreshments. The scene is soaked with dark humour and witty dialogues and that is carried on throughout the rest of the movie. Thursday is a very funny film and scenes such as the ones that see the adoption visitor turn up at an awkward time ensure that the film is difficult to dislike. It's true that the film doesn't bring anything new to the table cinematically or plot-wise but the fact that it's happy to wallow in its derision ensures that there's more time for the absurd situation to build around the central characters. The acting is decent enough with the entire cast clearly having fun with this plot. Thomas Jane holds the film together well in the lead role while amusing portrayals from James LeGros Paulina Porizkova Michael Jeter Glenn Plummer and Mickey Rourke back him up nicely. This film is unlikely to impress the seasoned film fan but if you just want an amusing little movie with a few enjoyable twists and performances; Thursday is likely to suffice.
critique4204 Got to be one of the best political satires I have seen to date with an excellent performance for Cusak Tomei and all the supporting actors.<br /><br />Excellent plot very well-placed and a very good unexpected twist at the end. The action scenes were well filmed & choreographed. Very funny.<br /><br />All in all I give this film a big thumbs up. It's extremely critical of US military intervention in the middle-east and as such it may receive bad reviews from people who don't share the same political view or those who are simply too politically ignorant to appreciate the dark and drk humour. Indeed at places the comedy was so close to the truth that it was borderline between funny and tragic.
critique4205 But it is kinda hilarious at least if you grew up on Weird Al like I did. It's a mockumentary about his life and career beginning with superstardom and going back to trace the origins. It's uneven in places but some of the segments are still very funny particularly when he goes to Japan. Although it's not quite as emotionally textured as Lost in Translation and he doesn't find love however fleeting he does capture in a bottle the absolutely bizarre cultural melange that is Tokyo street life.<br /><br />Perhaps Weird Al isn't recognized as the insightful cultural commentator that he is; perhaps a rose by any other name would smell just as sweet. Still this is a funny movie.
critique4206 This movie was so cool! I saw it on a Friday night with a couple of my friends. While the first credits were rolling we saw that Lionsgate Films had made this movie. They are the ones that made that stupid movie Wolf Creek which was totally gay! When we saw this we groaned. We thought it was going to be like Wolf Creek but we were so wrong! The movie was not only better than Wolf Creek (which really isn't that hard) it is one of the best horror movies I have seen in a long time! They really redeemed themselves with this movie. It was gory smart and scary which are the combinations to an awesome horror movie. Kane is awesome as Jacob Goodnight and Christina Vidal Samantha Noble and Luke Pegler did pretty good jobs as part of a group of delinquents cleaning an old motel. It had some gross scenes and you actually kinda feel sad for some of the people who die. All in all a great horror movie to watch on a Friday or Saturday night with the lights off and with friends. Just don't watch it in a hotel.
critique4207 You have to be awfully patient to sit through a film with one-liners so flat and unfunny that you wonder what all the fuss was about when WHISTLING IN THE DARK opened to such an enthusiastic greeting from audiences in the 1940s.<br /><br />On top of some weak one-liners and ordinary sight gags the plot is as far-fetched as the tales The Fox (Red Skelton) tells his radio audience. You have to wonder why anyone would think he could come up with a real-life solution on how to commit the perfect crime and get away with it. But then that's how unrealistic the comedy is.<br /><br />But--if you're a true Red Skelton fan and enjoy a look back at how comedies were made in the '40s--you can at least enjoy the amiable cast supporting him. Ann Rutherford and Virginia Grey do nicely as his love interest and Conrad Veidt as always makes an interesting villain. One of his more amusing moments is his reaction to Skelton explaining the mysteries of wearing turbans. "I never knew that" he muses impressed by a minor point that is cleverly introduced.<br /><br />All in all typical nonsense that requires you to accept the lack of credibility and just accept the gags as they are. Not always easy for a discriminating viewer as many of them simply fall flat the way many comedies of this era do because the novelty of the sight gags and one-liners has simply worn off.
critique4208 It came as no surprise to me that this was a very depressing and draining movie. After all it's all about the impact of war on civilians AND it's by the "king of depression" Ingmar Bergman. In other words so many of Bergman's works delve deep into human misery and angst and so this movie seems not so extraordinary coming from this director.<br /><br />Even though it is more difficult to watch the last half of the movie offers perhaps more insight into the lower depths of humanity. That's because initially the main characters (Liv Ullman and Max Von Sydow) try to overcome adversity and are basically decent (though a bit stupid) people. However as deprivation after deprivation occurs they (especially Von Sydow) become less and less humane and more animalistic--doing ANYTHING in order to survive.<br /><br />Fun to watch NO FREAKING WAY! But an interesting insight into human nature.<br /><br />PS--1 thing I LOVED about this film is that it avoided a stupid movie chiche. When the couple sat down with the shopkeeper to drink a glass or wine they FINISHED the wine completely! In most movies they barely touch their drinks or leave them untouched. It drives me crazy as I would NEVER leave a $4 alcoholic beverage without drinking it unless it tasted terrible or had a bug floating in it! BRAVO!
critique4209 Okay I'll say it. This movie made me laugh so hard that it hurt. This statement may offend some of you who may think that this movie is nothing more than a waste of film. But the thing that most people don't get is that this movie was intended to be bad and cheezy. I mean did people actually think that a movie about a killer snowman was intended to be a masterpiece? Just look at the "scary" hologram on the jacket of the movie and you'll find your answer. Instead like the original Jack Frost (which I thought was just as funny) this movie turned out to be a side-splitting journey into the depths of corny dialogue bad one liners and horrible special effects. And it's all made to deliver laughter to us viewers. It certainly worked for me.<br /><br />For example: Anne Tiler (to her troubled husband): What makes you frown so heavily darling?<br /><br />If that chunk of dialogue doesn't make you laugh then you have serious issues. Who in their right mind would utter those words in real life? Of course no one because it was meant to sound ridiculous! Just take one viewing of this movie with an open mind and low expectations and hopefully you'll see what's so damn funny about Jack Frost 2.
critique4210 This production was quite good. The usual fabulous scenery interesting quirky characters. It was just so strange not to have Captain Hastings Miss Lemon and Poirot's office/residence so prominently featured in the original PBS/BBC mysteries.<br /><br />In the original series so much took place at the office. Hastings reading the paper while Poirot "exercises his little gray cells." Miss Lemon pitching in whenever needed.<br /><br />Poirot without Capt. Hastings would be like Holmes without Watson ... he can most certainly solve the crime but it is not as interesting.<br /><br />And what would a Poirot mystery be without Hastings with his impeccable manners falling for some beautiful unattainable woman.
critique4211 After viewing this movie lets say around 8 times the story line has never bored me. Each character has their own distinct personality and their own views of "love". This movie has timeless almost realistic love lessons. Filled with philosophies on love a jazzy soundtrack and great actors is why I would call it a classic.
critique4212 From the first scene you are given clues as to what may be going on here. It becomes more and more obvious as the story rolls on. The acting is excellent throughout and these actors touch your soul. Even though I knew what was going to happen I was extremely puzzled by the motive. I'm still puzzled as to why Ben did what he did. We could see in his face "second thoughts" but the ultimate sacrifice seemed to go against his emotion and feelings. It was a very interesting and touching story but it left me confused. Maybe that was the point of the film. I did like the film and Wil Smith can wrack up another good film choice. This guy knows how to entertain an audience!
critique4213 Video Vault By Shawn K. Inlow<br /><br />My Architect: A Son's Journey 2003 - Nathaniel Kahn Not Rated: 116minutes Vault Rating: 7<br /><br />What a thing to be fatherless. "My Architect: A Son's Journey" follows Philadelphia filmmaker Nathaniel Kahn as he desperately seeks answers from his father the renowned architect Louis I. Kahn dead these 30 years.<br /><br />Louis Kahn died in a train station in 1974 and left behind more than one family. The funeral service when the filmmaker was just a boy was shall we say an unpleasant surprise.<br /><br />We find that Nathaniel only knew his father en passant from his sporadic visits with his mother whom we are told he loved deeply. This movie is about a boy seeking his father and perhaps himself by visiting his work as if the magnificent structures hold some secret. <br /><br />To be sure Louis Kahn was a gifted architect but "architect" is a cold word. The man was a sculptor on a grand scale who spoke of his craft in airy terms of silence and art.<br /><br />Among his notable works explored lovingly in the film are the Salk Institute (1965) The Kimball Art Museum (1972) and the monumental capitol complex in Bangladesh (1983). The portion of the film where Nathaniel first visits Dhaka Bangladesh finds the work but not the man.<br /><br />The film benefits greatly from having much footage of the very public man as he worked in New York City and as a professor at Yale and the University of Pennsylvania. Many of Khan's contemporaries and collaborators also help flesh out the filmmaker's ghost- father.<br /><br />Even so the viewer seems not to come to a particularly satisfying place. The answers Nathaniel Khan is looking for seem hollow. Not good enough.<br /><br />In scenes where the director meets with his half sisters both from different mothers one can feel the tensions of the years the slights and hurts. One might expect them to burst into anger but only the camera saves them from hostilities. Each of these children has visibly lost something.<br /><br />It might be pointed out that Khan who seemed a driven perfectionist never became rich. Instead he became noteworthy. It was as if he sacrificed his family for his art. This is a crushingly sad and great thing.<br /><br />April 28 2005
critique4214 I swear if I did ever tried cocaine I'd be able to relate to this film perfectly. Its pace as well as the dialog churns out at speeds that some viewers might need to stop and relax their heads.<br /><br />There are great little elements that pop up through out the film like how Rob Lowe's character seems to always be loosing a shoe or how some characters keep running spirals around his zigzagged path. The story was put together extremely well and the direction seems flawless.<br /><br />The movie reeks of clumsy and cuteness. This is one I think most could enjoy. A few laugh-out-loud-even-if-you-are-alone moments ensure that I'll certainly be watching this again.
critique4215 Yul Brynner is Major Surov a singing dancing vodka-drinking Russian Officer stationed near the Austrian -Hungarian border during the Hungarian uprising of 1956 in Anatole Litvak's The Journey. Though the film has yet to be released on video or DVD it remains one of Brynner's most compelling performances. Because of the political unrest a group of travelers cannot fly out of Budapest but are put on a bus to Vienna. Before they can reach the border however their passports are taken and they are detained for questioning by the Russians led by Major Surov.<br /><br />The Major has reason to suspect that there is a Hungarian freedom fighter among the group being smuggled out of the country. Indeed Lady Ashmore is hiding a mysterious passenger Paul Fleming (Jason Robards Jr.) who pretends to be an American but fools no one. She is helping Fleming mainly to repay a debt she owed because of the trouble her past association caused him. Among the other passengers are a British journalist played by Robert Morley an American family played by E.G. Marshall his wife Anne Jackson and their two children one of which is the screen debut of little Ron Howard.<br /><br />Major Surov takes a romantic interest in Lady Diana Ashmore (Deborah Kerr) and a romance of sorts develops between them. She offers him nothing but disdain and a stiff upper lip however though we suspect that underneath her heart still beats. The Cold War intrigue and the powerful acting carry the story but the romance is never quite convincing. It remains however one of my favorite Yul Brynner films and deserves to be seen if only for his passionate performance.
critique4216 I watched this movie recently and fell in love with it. I loved the storyline and the actors. It has a little of everything. I was completely taken by the unfolding of the story. It has so many surprises along the way. I highly recommend it. In fact I loved it so much that I ran out and bought the book. I felt I had to read it in order to appreciate the art in the writing behind the movie. I also wanted to make sure I didn't miss anything that was in the book but kept out of the movie. I recommend people who love the movie to read the book because there is enough difference in the book especially in the second episode to want to read it. It has become my favorite movie. I am now a Sarah Waters and Elaine Cassidy fan!!
critique4217 People don't seem to be giving Lensman enough credit where its due. A few issues have been overlooked which are key to understanding the Lensman experience.<br /><br />The Year: For the year it was made in (1984) Lensman features some of the most stunning effects I've ever seen. As a person who watches a lot of early 80's animation Lensman is unique in it's use of what appears to be computer-generated imagery at a time when computers were extremely primitive. Kim's battle against the geometric cutter pods in the laser maze can be taken as an excellent example of this. Every time I watch that I have to keep repeating to myself that it was 1984 when it was made.<br /><br />The Soundtrack: Lensman has one of the most insane soundtracks that I've heard and this mad hysterical beat permeates every corner of the film. Lensman borrowed heavily on two western mistakes and managed to somewhat deal with the first one - the need to fill in every second of silence in a film with music and the need for a heroine. While the music is attuned well and galvanizes scenes such as the motorcycle battle in the Thionite Factory on Radelyx the heroine theme fails due to the sheer annoyance value of Chris. It's interesting to note that the constant music thwarted my attempts at noise removal when I was archiving lensman over from analog tape to digital format - since there wasn't a single second of silence available to use as a reference point.<br /><br />Western Influences: Helmut - sounds like "helmet" and has roughly the same voice as Darth Vader. Clarissa Fairborn - has the same hairstyle as the princess of SW and her name sounds suspiciously similar to Marissa Fairborn of Transformers. Takes over Han Solos role by flying the ship and having some technical expertise. Buzzkirk - a definite improvement on Chewbaka. The lens - a nice concrete copy of the force that comes across less as a chance to preach Christianity at the audience than in the original SW. While the force relied on belief far more than concentration the lens is a pure concentration tool. Theoretically anyone could wield the lens. The lens is far more limited than the Force - being purely a defensive/offensive weapon.<br /><br />Technology: The boskone alliance have interesting meatball sponge ships. They look like stormtroopers only with red uniforms instead of white. The idea of a DNA weapon was nice if only it had been developed. The Galactic Alliance looked like Starblazers (or whatever it was called - that 60's series where they were battling the Xylons). There weren't enough ship to ship battles for me - this is much improved upon in the second Lensman film.<br /><br />Finally a note on Worzel. This character is a unique and very interesting character-design who fortunately continues on to the second film.<br /><br />
critique4218 I chose this movie really for my husband-who works in radio broadcasting. I thought that it would be more of a movie that he would enjoy and relate too though it was from the eighties-so it was a little dated. This movie really draws you in. At times you just want to strangle the host Barry. At times you just want to send some of the bigots who call in to a true concentration camp. At times you really feel sorry for Barry because he has truly gotten too big for his jeans if you know what I mean. It was on the Drama channel on Encore-so I am thinking this is a true story. If you truly love dramas you will love this even if you don't know all the ins and outs of the broadcasting business. If you are an Alec Baldwin fan and are watching it to see him you shouldn't. His part is really a bit part in this movie.
critique4219 I don't understand all these bad reviews. I believe this movie was one of the best in the Puppet Master series. Being made on a low budget one can comprehend why the special effects and acting were not spectacular but they were not completely horrible.<br /><br />Greg Sestero brought a lot of charisma to the role of Andre Toulon. He has a lot of potential and I hope to see more of him soon. And though the cinematography was not excellent and there was minimal violence and gore this film was a lot of fun. I am a big Puppet Master fan and have grown to expect blood and gore from the films of this series but I can say that I was never bored through the entire course of watching Retro Puppet Master. So if you ever get an opportunity to see this movie don't automatically regard it as unworthy of your time. Give it a chance. You might like it.
critique4220 An enjoyable movie without a doubt and very evocative of both its era and that very particular stage in any boy's 'rites of passage'. But I have to say that having read the very positive comments here I was a bit disappointed. The period was captured but the plot was desperately thin. The whole thing revolves around the most egregious bit of miscasting in the history of school plays. The idea that quack quack would ever be chosen to play not only one of only three star turns but a philanderer is risible. And without that nada. The sub-plots bore no relation that I could see to the main plot - all of them could be removed in their entirety without in any way affecting the main story - which surely suggests a fundamental flaw. When all your sub-plots look like padding you know a central idea is being stretched beyond its limits. Nevertheless it's a benign movie with its heart in the right place there are some fine performances and you just get the feeling that everyone involved felt deflated at the final 'cut!' That good feeling permeates the film. And that has to count for something. A flawed really quite good movie. 7 out of 10.
critique4221 I have to say this movie is absolutely amazing. I don't understand why it got such a low rating. It has romance music darkness and vampires. Also Stuart Townsend did a great job of being Lestat the acting was great. Also normally I am not into that music well sometimes. But I have to say in this movie the music fit it perfectly. If you like dark movies about vampires this is definitely for you or even if you don't there is a love story to this.Butall I can say is one word: Amazing! My Rating is defiantly: 10 out of 10. Anyway I seriously suggest you watch it. I remember not seeing this for years I watched it again about a year ago and im addicted to it again. lol. Great movie!!!
critique4222 As if most people didn't already have a jittery outlook on the field of dentistry this little movie will sure make you paranoid patients squirm. A successful dental hygienist witnesses his wife going down on the pool man (on their anniversary of all days!) and snaps big time into a furious breakdown. After shooting an attack dog's head off he strolls into work and ends up taking his marital aggression out on the patients as he plans what to do about his "slut" of a wife. There are plenty of up-close shots of mouth-jabbing tongue-cutting and beauty queen fondling as well as a marvelously deranged performance by Corbin Bernsen. The scene in which he ties up and gases his wife before mercilessly yanking her teeth out is definitely hard to watch. A dentist is absolutely the wrong kind of person to go off the deep end and this movie sure explains that in detail. "The Dentist" is incredibly entertaining fast-paced and laughably gory at times. Check it out!
critique4223 A bland title disguises this solidly-carpentered example of old-fashioned Hollywood entertainment this film proves a largely successful hodgepodge of several disparate elements: a period piece a romantic drama a crime movie and a political thriller. Interestingly though made by Fox its protagonists Ã‚Â– Robert Taylor and Barbara Stanwyck Ã‚Â– were both usually associated with other studios; their on screen chemistry here is palpable and eventually led to marriage in a couple of years' time. While a bit too young Taylor is a dashing hero (a Marine personally appointed by President McKinley to uncover the culprits behind an organized clean-up of numerous banks); unsurprisingly no sooner has he tracked them down (led by smooth Brian Donlevy and thuggish Victor McLaglen) that he falls for a chanteuse (naturally Stanwyck) who has thrown her lot with the gang Ã‚Â– although truth be told singing is far from being the actress' forte! Similarly apart from having to prove his worth to make it into their fold he has to vie with McLaglen for Stanwyck's attentions; by the way the practical joker persona of the former reminded me a lot of Charley Chase in SONS OF THE DESERT (1933) which incidentally was likewise directed by William A. Seiter. Later on Taylor is in two minds about involving Stanwyck in the impending bait and tries to offer his resignation to the President while eloping with the girl Ã‚Â– but the jealous rival disrupts his plans. The robbery gone awry we find Donlevy dead and the other two in jail; Taylor's hopes for McKinley's intervention Ã‚Â– having meanwhile learned the identity of the elusive and obviously prominent 'inside man' Ã‚Â– are seemingly dashed when the President winds up assassinated himself (a great plot twist though the resulting eleventh-hour suspense feels contrived)! To get back to the film's jumble of styles even if the vaudeville sequences are a matter of taste the romantic triangle slows things up and it skimps somewhat on the thriller aspect this emerges a handsome production indeed Ã‚Â– with the actors already mentioned ably supported by the likes of John Carradine (who unaccountably disappears after just one scene!) Douglas Fowley Sig Rumann and as two American Presidents Sidney Blackmer (the bubbly Theodore Roosevelt) and Frank Conroy (McKinley).
critique4224 This movie was very good not great but very good. It is based on a one man play by Ruben Santiago Hudson..yes he played most of the parts. On paper it looks like stunt casting. Yes let's round up all the black folks in Hollywood and put them in one movie. Halle Berry even produced it. The only name I didn't see was Oprah's thank god because it probably would of ended up being like a Hallmark movie. Instead this movie was not some sentimental mess. It was moving but not phony the characters came and went with the exception of her husband Pauline and the writer in question. The movie revolved around the universe of Nanny Mrs Bill Crosby and how she raised the writer and took in people. Now being a jaded New Yorker when he said she took in sick people and old and then we see them going to a mental institution to pick up a man I'm thinking looks like sister has a medicare scam going. Getting folks jobs and taking the medicare/caid checks But no she explains to Lou Gosset she just wants 25 bucks a week and did not want the money ahead of time. I think that part was put in the movie just for us jaded New Yorkers so we know she is not scamming the poor folks.(g) It was written by a New Yorker so he knows the deal(g).. She almost seems angelic and looking through a little boys eyes I can see why. She is married to a ne'er do well who is 17 years younger and fools around on her. Terrence Howard was born to play these type of parts. He was good but I would like to see him play something different. Markerson who plays Nanny is also very good. But for some reason the person who stood out to me was a small role played by Jeffery Wright. Where is this mans Oscar? He already won a Emmy and a Tony. He was in Shaft and he stole the movie. I did not even know who he was in this movie. He is a chameleon never the same. I never seen him play a bad part yet. This was a 5 minute role and he managed to make me both laugh and cry. I re-winded the scene few times ..one time because I didn't know who he was. His wife Carman Ejogo was excellent. I have seen her in roles before mostly mousy stuff. But she is so good here. I actually know people who act just like her. So it was very real to me Macy Grey who had one of the bigger parts was also very good. I was very happy that they did not kill Nanny off. I thought she was a goner in the beginning of the movie. BUT she was able to go home and start her old routine of taking care of people. There are women like that in most of our lives. People we might know or even lived with. Thank god for them I do not know how they do it all of the time. I have a friend who lost 2 children and been through a lot of stuff but whenever I am feeling selfishly sorry for myself I call her and she always puts me in a good mood. THis movie is a tribute to all of those people. I only wish they they told us what happened to some of the characters like the the one armed man Paulines boyfriend who is played by one of my favorite actors on HBO's The Wire Omar Rosie Perez's character and Richard the lesbian and Delroy Lindo's one arm man he was mesmerizing in another small role.
critique4225 This show is up there with the best Comedys made in Australia as it makes fun of pretty much anything which is what lots of our public want. Some of the best bits in the show are the ad road test which tests out how an ad would do in real life. What is really great about the show is how original it is and the fact that it has people(the chasers)who love doing what they do and who would n't. This show has loads of bits in it that can crack up anybody like the ad road test which I've already mentioned Mr ten Questions where he asks 10 questions really fast in front of famous celebrities like Hugh Jackman and the Beach boys temporary ones like The Chasers Emmys and ones that have been there from the start like What have we learnt from Current affairs this week. Overall I rate thin show 98%.
critique4226 This movie is Wonderful! I can watch it again and again. Robin hood is Perfectly cast and Marian is beautiful. I personally think Marian's German man is the funniest character along with Latrine and the Sheriff! While space balls got boring and stupid after a while this one always keeps your interest! W O N D E R F U L This was a great film and never gets boring. A great cast is in the roles and it is spoofed perfectly and makes so much sense and can be watched again and again! You will love this film if you'll only watch it except if you hate comedy or does not think Robin Hood should be tampered with. But this old story gets boring and this movie gives it a great new flavor!
critique4227 Steven Speilberg's adaptation of Alice Walkers popular novel is not without its share of controversy. When first released members of the black community criticised its treatment of black men while others questioned why a white man was directing this film about black women.<br /><br />This is the story of a young black woman named Celie growing up in rural America after the turn of the century. She has two children by her abusive father which are snatched from her arms at birth. Her only solace in her miserable life comes from her sister.<br /><br />Celie (played in later years by newcomer Whoopie Goldberg) is married off to an abusive husband (Danny Glover). The husband is humiliated by the sister and so she is quickly removed from Celie's life.<br /><br />The story is often heartbreaking as Celie keeps up hope that she may one day be reunited with her sister and with her children. Throughout her life she meets an assortment of characters including Sophia a tough as nails wife to her step son and Shug a loud and luscious saloon singer who teaches her a thing or two about love.<br /><br />Speilberg's direction is all over this picture which offers brilliant cinematography and some stellar performances. I dare you to watch this film and not be moved! The film The Color Purple manages to capture the essence of what is a complicated story. While it tends to minimise the lesbian aspects as well as the African story both of which were so vivid in the book the movie remains true to its themes allowing the voice of Alice Walker to shine through.<br /><br />I couldn't begin to respond to the controversy that surrounded this film. Suffice it to say however this is one of the few films that I can watch again and again and which has left an indelible mark on me.<br /><br />
critique4228 This is fantastic! Everything from the Score - to when the final credits role. This movie is a Masterpiece. It's genuinely creepy and its effectively hysterical setting is enough to give anyone the creeps. It is apparent that the movie was NOT rushed and that David Schmoeller (Who would later work with Fullmoon on the Puppet Master Series) had a clear and concise image of what he is trying to direct. The professional aspect of the movie is astonishing considering it's relatively low budget. It relies on scares without effects (Mainly due to budget restrictions) but still creates a tension filled atmosphere.<br /><br />Stephen King stated that this was one of his favorite movies and I seriously cannot blame him! It's one of my favorite horror movies and always will be. This is my favorite Fullmoon Movie and has been ever since I first purchased a good few years ago.<br /><br />Money Well Spent! I own both VHS and DVD versions.<br /><br />10/10
critique4229 I watched this because a friend told me it was damn good and I watched a video on it so I was really into watching it. I watched it and damn the fighting scenes are REALLY good. If the guys can't fight like that in real life they sure fooled me. There isn't as much fighting as I would like I have to say but the fights that are in the movie are pretty spectacular. They don't show much but you can tell it's violent and cool. But there's also the plot that goes around a love triangle between the main characters though it's a bit twisted. Tae-sung is a carefree guy who seems to love getting into trouble as well as fights. He's the leader of his school and is the rival of Hea-won who's the leader of his own school - a bit of a playboy hot-headed and a rich boy. Then there's Han-kyung a girl with not a lot going for her - her father just passed away and she moved back with her mother the guy she liked is dating her old friend - and then she meets Hea-won who goes to her school and Tae-sung who calls her "nuna" (older sister). Eventually she discovers Tae-sung is her brother fruit of one of her father's affair and he loves her despite of their blood relation. Meanwhile Hea-won falls for her and takes her as his boyfriend. But she is torn between her boyfriend and her little brother who confesses her love to her. Overall it's a wonderful movie but if I was really depressed after the end and I just couldn't help but think Damn are all Korean movie I watch about fighting/death/depressing stuff/incest?? 'Cause that sure was the case with Old Boy and Temptation of Wolves. It's a very good movie but people have to be ready to cry at the end.
critique4230 The Godfather of television but aside from it's acclaim and mobster characters the two are nothing alike. Tony Soprano is forced to go to a psychiatrist after a series of panic attacks. His psychiatrist learns that Tony is actually part of two families -- in one family he is a loving father yet not-so-perfect-husband and in the other family he is a ruthless wiseguy. After analysis Dr. Melfi concludes that Tony's problems actually derive from his mother Livia who's suspected to have borderline-personality disorder. Gandolfini is rightfully praised as the main character; yet Bracco and Marchand aren't nearly as recognized for their equally and talented performances as the psychiatrist and mother respectively. Falco Imperioli and DeMatteo are acclaimed for their brilliant supporting roles. Van Zandt (from the E-Street Band) plays his first and only role as Tony's best friend and is quite convincing and latching. Chianese the only recurring actor to have actually appeared in a Godfather film plays Tony's uncle and on-and-off nemesis. Many fans also enjoyed characters played by Pastore Ventimiglia Curatola Proval Pantoliano Lip Sciorra and Buscemi. Tony's children are "okay" but not notable (with the exception of Iler's stunning performance in the third-to-last episode "The Second Coming"); Sirico and Schirripa are unconvincing and over-the-top but the show is too strong for them to hold it back. Even as the show continues for over six season it ceases to have a dull or predictable moment.<br /><br />**** (out of four)
critique4231 Before 'Zavet' there was similarity between Tim Burton and Kusturica artistic vision. They find their own poetic style and then they cowardly become prisoners of it. Burton has (and still have) Depp Kusturica has Miki Manojlovic and somehow they got critical praise for repeating same formula over and over again. However there are persons like me who find joke funny only when they heard it first time. That's main reason why Kusturica's worst movies are 'Black cat white cat' and 'Life is miracle'. 'Zavet' is something completely different. You may like it you may hate it but this is NOT just another Kusturica poetic Ã‚Â– Balkanic dreamlike stuff. Of course if you want to be praised you have to play safe. It was very easy for Kusturica to make just another flying gypsies movie and get award. Fortunately as a brave person he chooses to make movie that will be ironic look to his previous works. 'Zavet' can be described as a strong and very harsh parody on previous Kusturica movies directed by Kusturica himself. It is beautiful to see one big movie director to not take himself too seriously. This is quality that Kusturica have and even the biggest like Bergman or Kubrick didn't have. This movie is so meaningless that becomes absurd so absurd that becomes deep and so unfunny that becomes hilarious. Same stuff that make 'Plan 9 from outer space' cult would made this masterpiece to people who knows how to watch it. Average western viewer would not get few references. Most notable tire shop owner is Srbljanovic  and this refers to Biljana Srbljanovic famous Serbian dramatic writer. Politically she is very active as left oriented liberal and she despises Kusturica's political views and anarchism. Kusturica's 'everything but not subtle' take to her work was to castrate Miki Manojlovic in Srbljanovic shop. Second reference is made to Goran Bregovic Ã‚Â– previous Kusturica's composer. He formed 'Funeral and wedding orchestra' and start performing around Europe. Although he is praised as big composer Bregovic is just performer and most of his songs (if not all) are poor covers of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica's take on Bregovic was to confront one wedding and one funeral with funeral mocking the wedding. Also music is covering western classics as 'London Bridge is falling down' or French lullabies. You find this unfunny? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when listening Bregovic's horrible covers. I really liked this movie because it is not pretending to be deep it is so overfilled with symbols that it becomes parody and it is beautifully directed as all of his works are. If you like previous Kusturica's movies there is a big chance that you will hate this. If you don't like couple of his last movies you may find this as pleasant surprise because this is like Fellini directing 'Pink Flamingos'. On purpose. I have massive respect for this guy after 'Zavet'. Next Tim Burton movie would surely have main character with pale faces. Next Kusturica movies can easily be about aliens invading Earth. That's the reason why he is most interesting director on Earth whether you like it or not.
critique4232 This movie is brilliant in every way. It touches on the complexities of loving relationships in a meaningful way but never lectures. The script never condescends toward any character not even the hapless Johnny. It also and benefits from spot-on direction production design casting and performances. The fact that Cher is so perfect in the film and is more unlike "Cher" than she has ever been is a wonder to me. I watch Moonstruck at least once a year and I just viewed it again this Christmas eve with my 16 year old twin daughters and they loved it as well. It has something for everyone with a heart and leaves you filled with joy in the end.
critique4233 On paper this looked like a great concept: Average guy on the rebound dates up tight bookish museum curator who is really a hot Superhero who saves the world on a regular basis. However director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne (of the "Simpson's") almost fatally miscalculate in having their hero G-Girl (played by striking Uma Thurman) come off as a total nut job as both Superhero and secret identity persona Jenny Johnson. The movie even cops to this in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) following his rescue by G-Girl from the Statue of Liberty. Jenny curiously asks Matt what was G-Girl like. Matt replies "She's kind of nuttyÃ‚Â…" I think the intent was to have Jenny (Thurman) be this lonely young woman who has no one in her life isolated by her great physical powers. Thurman does the best she can but her Jenny is a terrifying mood swing in dire need of Prozac. Luke Wilson is way too breezy in the role reversal of boyfriend and superhero girl friend.<br /><br />"My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is also a victim of bad timing coming on the tail end of "Superman Returns" which plays Superhero straight up so to speak. With all its quirks and inconsistent writing I still thought "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was funny and enjoyed the movie. Given that this is an Ivan Reitman movie this could have been a lot better. Reitman starts with a great premise and really squanders it. First off we all love the hero. Here neither Jenny nor G-Girl is really all that likable. This is surprising for Uma Thurman who is normally a charismatic and powerful presence. In the beginning her Jenny/ G-Girl is just plain weird. Shocking. Because if there is a woman who can play a Superhero she is ThurmanÃ‚Â—she looks great. Only toward the end does her Jenny become more sympathetic instead of caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is not a straight Superhero story rather a romantic comedy of sorts it does not provide what every Superhero mythology requiresÃ‚Â—a great super villain. Here we have Professor Bedlam aka Barry (Eddie Izzard) who really is evil lite. He is no Lex Luthor. No plans for Global domination. Bedlam rather Barry does hold a grudge against G-Girl and expectedly it has to do with their shared past. What is bizarre you don't know who you would rather spend time withÃ‚Â—Bedlam or G-Girl? Luke Wilson's Matt is just "some dude" who happens to hook up with the psycho superhero. One of the annoying things he does is that he confides in his repugnant loser friend Vaughn (Rainn Wilson doing a bad whacked out impersonation). Wilson sometimes plays it a little too dense and this dilutes his likable charm. This does however work in the comic sex scene with Jenny. Matt while dating Jenny/ G-Girl realizes that he is in love with his co-worker Hannah (perky Anna Faris). So how does Matt break up with G-Girl? Well it's not pretty and for the most part hilarious.<br /><br />Dramatic Superhero movies work. Romantic comedies with chemistry work. What may be inherently difficult are Superhero satires disguised as romantic comedies. Everyone loves the hero. However hero nut job? Maybe not. With all Uma Thurman's talent she is unable to accomplish this convincingly. And she does not get sufficient support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative failings. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is fun and funny. Though given all involved the movie could have been super.
critique4234 In an attempt to cash in on the success of Universal's horror films Majestic Pictures hired several popular actors from the current genre and put them in this effort that (realistically speaking) is nowhere near as good. With that this is still worth everyone's time and it's a heck of a lot of fun to view and in my opinion it's better than most of what is supposed to pass nowadays as horror! Story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss where the bodies have been piling up completely drained of blood and with suspicious puncture marks. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts "It's Vampires" but the local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks it's a madman who's responsible and he vows to catch him.<br /><br />*****SPOILER ALERT***** The Burgermeister and most of the towns folk think that the local kook Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye) who loves bats and frequently talks to them is the one they are looking for and they chase him until he falls to his death in a cave. The one who is responsible for the killings is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill) who has created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood and he accomplishes this by having some sort of mind control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) who goes out at night to collect the blood. Dr. Otto has a pretty assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and an annoying aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne) but they have no clue what he's up to but Karl eventually become suspicious when one of the murders takes place after Herman's death.<br /><br />Frank R. Strayer was never confused with being James Whale but he was a pretty competent director who ended up directing most of the "Blondie" films in that series and with this film he uses the same sets from "The Old Dark House" which was also filmed at Universal. I'm the first to admit that this film is downright clumsy at times but it's practically impossible to resist a film that has a cast like this including Frye who is pretty much doing his Renfield role only this time he befriends bats and strokes them and keeps them in his pocket for safe keeping! One thing that just doesn't make sense is the mind control that Dr. Otto has over Emil as the film never explains this and I had a strong sense that this was some sort of nod to "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" but on the other hand it's probably just the weakest part of the script. There are a few other tidbits that I noticed including the chase of Frye to the big caves which is obviously an early shot of the infamous Bronson Canyon where numerous other films have been made and also Wray's brown hair which is her true color. True horror film fans will appreciate this more than others but I think this is a fun film to view for everyone and with a cast as attractive as this it's well worth a look.
critique4235 I saw this movie on TV back in the 60s and it still stands up well even after brilliant performances as a DI by R. Lee Ermey Lou Gossett and even Frank Sutton (in a comic vein) on Gomer Pyle USMC. I wasn't in the service but my brother had a recording of a Drill Instructor in the Air Force and it was scary. Others in the family who were Marines told me that Ermey and even Sutton were pretty spot on in their roles. The only thing missing in "The D. I." is the language. In 1958 they couldn't yet use profanity on film yet Jack Webb came across pretty damned tough without it. I think it's his best role ever. In Dragnet he was quite stiff I'll admit though not as bad as George Raft but he used it only to effect in "The D. I." You never forget the funeral for the dead flea! The romantic part was just to stretch the movie but didn't really interfere with the basic plot. Don Dubbins was pretty good to but he never surpassed this film in his career. As far as patriotism Jack Webb was TV's John Wayne. He carried it a bit too far in some Dragnet episodes but not in "The D. I." After 40 some years I hoped the film could stand up to the likes "Full Metal Jacket" and others; and it did!
critique4236 John has made two One man shows. Spic O Rama and Freaks and neither one has shown up on DVD... John!!! Why do you this to me john?? Put it on DvD John so the people can seethey need to see John!! :D... Just in case anyones keeping a watchful aye!!
critique4237 I have to admit I have always found it difficult to watch an Antonioni film from start to finish at the first try and even for this one I ended up watching it in three parts on repeated occasions. In the end I realised perhaps it was better that way because it forced me to stop thinking in the usual terms of plot and just enjoy the scenes one by one. <br /><br />The first part seems a lot more fragmentary which is not a bad thing it just requires more of an effort to follow. When it gets to the desert scenes all efforts are repaid in full. The stunning cinematography is only a part of it what really makes it all unforgettable is how the landscape is made into an overwhelming presence the silence and vastness of it the sense of sadness and freedom the way it fuses and contrasts with the two young characters. The desert is dead but at the same time it feels less distant and alien than the urban scenes in the first part. The dance between the airplane flying over and the girl's car makes for a series of great shots. The love scenes in the desert are simply beautiful it is hard to imagine this kind of approach from a film of our times. There is of course something very stylish and studied about them but at the same time they manage to express a sense of natural spontaneous innocence that is very rare these days. It all feels loose and unscripted (thanks also to the understated acting) but that is the result of a maniacal attention to detail and form which comes to its climax in the series of explosions at the end a really mesmerising spectacle. It just leaves you in awe.<br /><br />I don't really care for some the usual objections: boring - well yes it is if you want all films to follow a classic plot development and be packed with action twists but then if all cinema was like that that would be truly dull and sad; pretentious - maybe but when that kind of ambitiousness is coupled with actual skills depth and style pretentious is a compliment. The "political" criticisms make the least sense to me I don't see the point of approaching a film like this with ideological blinders or worse patriotic requirements. It just defeats the purpose. Perhaps it's true that like a previous commenter remarked Antonioni viewed these young 'hippies' and the politics of protests and riots with the police with the fascination of a foreigner but I think that adds something rather than detracting from the film. It's not true that hippies did not exist in Italy at the time (think of the '68 protests like in France) although they were obviously different from the American counterpart and in some ways even more militant. But his interest in this film was not narrowly political. The events seem more like a pretext for a film whose appeal has a universal timeless quality.<br /><br />A special mention for the fantastic soundtrack. Amongst other things this film along with Easy Rider is probably one of the main earliest precursors of the contemporary 'artsy' music video as well as the concept of a film soundtrack that would stand on its own but unlike the former it uses music in a much more subtle way blending it with the landscape rather than the action. <br /><br />If you want traditional narrative in a film then don't bother. If you want to be stunned be patient and you won't regret it.
critique4238 Ex-reporter Jacob Asch (Eric Roberts) is hired by an acquaintance (Raymond J. Barry) to find his ex-wife and son. Asch heads to Palm Springs and quickly locates the ex Laine (Beverly D'Angelo) with someone he believes to be the son (a young Johnny Depp). But things turn out to be a bit more complicated as Asch discovers former white trash Laine has definitely married up in the form of millionaire Simon Fleischer (Dan Hedaya) and her first son is nowhere to be seen.<br /><br />Director/writer Matthew Chapman is channeling BODY HEAT here and this mid-80s neo-noir is watchable enough thanks to an all-star cast and nice locations. D'Angelo was still looking good around this time so she makes for a good femme fatale and isn't afraid to show some skin. However the mystery isn't very compelling in the end. Co-starring Dennis Lipscomb Emily Longstreth and Henry Gibson. Chapman made several thrillers in the 80s but his "biggest" career achievement was co-authoring the screenplay for the infamous COLOR OF NIGHT.
critique4239 I have this movie on a collection of inexpensive B-movies. It's not restored in fact the audio was difficult to discern for the first few minutes.<br /><br />At first it seemed like a typical haunted house film and feels very much like the forerunner of Clue Murder by Death House on Haunted Hill etc.<br /><br />About a half hour into the film the storyline takes a really interesting twist--and it goes from being a clichÃƒÂ© melodrama to something entirely different and far more entertaining than I had initially thought.<br /><br />Check it out it's a great deal of fun even if the long clips and wider shots (and near lack of music score) make it feel a bit creaky by today's standards.
critique4240 I found this film the first time when I was searching for some works in witch StÃƒÂ©phane Rideau had participate still in an extraordinary ravishment caused by the astonishingly beautiful Ã‚Â«Les roseaux sauvagesÃ‚Â» (in Portuguese Juncos Silvestres) by AndrÃƒÂ© TÃƒÂ©chinÃƒÂ©. I was searching for similar movies in the come of age line. I found then Ã‚Â«Presque RienÃ‚Â» a movie where the director SÃƒÂ©bastien Lifshitz deliciously amazes us earning a nomination by the Cannes festival in 2000. The story is about two guys the kind Ã‚Â«boy next doorÃ‚Â» Mathieu (JÃƒÂ©rÃƒÂ©mie ElkaÃƒÂ¯m) and CÃƒÂ©dric (StÃƒÂ©phane Rideau) who meet during the summer vacations. In a land far from where he lives Mathieu spends is days at the beach with his sister. There he meets CÃƒÂ©dric a local with whom he starts this estival and revealing relationship much by means of the sensual and seducer personality that StÃƒÂ©phane Rideau gives his characters (in Ã‚Â«Les roseaux sauvagesÃ‚Â» 6 years younger he still preserves the innocence of the sweet seducer witch matures here in experience). Exemplar in directing in the amorous sequence in the intimate and confessing description that is made about a boys first facing his (still ambiguous) sexuality and great love. The first love in its terrible progression ecstasy-despair. The best of the film is the best of France: the fervent passion the hot and excited rationalism the brownish beauty the simple and natural acceptance made by the families although not without surprise and first anger. Still there is the beach the luminosity the lightness e simplicity of summer the freshness of breeze the surge&#8217;s melody and the expressive eyes of an introverted ElkaÃƒÂ¯m (hesitant hurt puzzled passionate). The sex is not avoided nor exploited it is treated as it is with no exhibitionist intention. In virtue of pure talent this is a work of drama of uncommon quality without cheap sentimentalism showing an inevitably real image of two homosexual in their prime youth as any ordinary person although with a social fear of rejection and shame. It is well worthy being seen especially by those who adore French movies (although the DVD front cover is very lame with the two actors in between tens of stars greased with brilliantine). A movie witch in my opinion deserves an 8-9!
critique4241 I`ve seen this movie twice both times on Cinemax. The first time in it`s unrated version which is soft-core porn at it`s best and the second time in a trimmed down (cut all the sex and most of the nudity out) version which was entertaining in a typical beach movie sort of way. The unrated version has a tremendous sex scene with Nikki Fritz a dude and a bottle of oil which is out of this world (no pun intended). Unfortunately in the trimmed version that scene is almost completely chopped out as are all the other sex scenes. Rated or unrated it is still fun to watch all the siblings of bigger stars (Stallone Sheen Travolta etc;) trying to act. We also get appearances by B-queen Linnea Quigley and Burt Ward (Robin from the old Batman series).
critique4242 I think this movie has got it all. It has really cool music that I can never get out of my head. It has cool looking characters. IS REALLY funny(you know the kind that you'll crack up on the ground and you'll keep saying the funny parts over every day for three weeks).Despite the bad acting bad cgi and bad story(about cops going after a robot) its really cool. Its one of those movies you and all of your family can watch get together eat pizza laugh like crazy and watch it two more times.<br /><br />There are so many funny parts like when Kurt was trying to get Edison's attention and gave him the finger and then threw a paint ball gun at him so they could play paint ball. On that part I kept saying "Remember Remember?"to my cousins who saw it and showed them what happened. There was also a really funny part when Edision ran into the room and Kurt was there(just before they fought) and Kurt was talking about his "Strange dream" and how he was "Superman". I LOVED that part although it has been a while since I saw it so I don't remember that part. Everything the actors said were funny like how Kurt says "I worship you like a GOD!" to the robot.<br /><br />Although there was some bad things in all it was a GREAT movie. Man I can't stop laughing. I wish I had that movie. );
critique4243 Yes the cameras were in the right place at the right time. It's so interesting to see how a world leader (like Chavez) who supports the poor people in his country can be held in such low esteem in the US. His worst "sin" in my opinion is caring about those who are at the bottom of the barrel. What can be so bad about that? I have always been fascinated by the US government+media reaction to Fidel Castro. At first Castro was a good guy (around 1959) when he supplanted Batista. Soon however Castro started turning the corporations in Cuba toward the needs of the poor instead of the fat cats. We're a decent country but why does our media and government have such a problem with sharing with the poor? If these guys are "dictators" then we could use more "dictatorships" especially where the poorest of the poor live in the world.
critique4244 It's a shame this movie is so hard to get your hands on in the US. I found it through a rare video dealer and it was certainly worth it. This is without a doubt the best film made during the pre-code era and the finest film of the 1930s. Masterful director Frank Borzage made wonderful films about the Depression and with MAN'S CASTLE he created a fairy tale amidst the hardships of the era.<br /><br />Loretta Young and Spencer Tracy have a wonderful chemistry between them and they help make this movie a wonderful romance. Young's Trina is sweet and hopeful while Tracy's Bill is gruff and closed-off. The dynamic between the character creates one of the most difficult but in the end rewarding relationships on film.<br /><br />MAN'S CASTLE is the most soft-focus pre-code film I've seen. Borzage uses the hazy and dreamy technique to turn the squatter's village where Bill and Trina live into a palace. The hardships of the Depression are never ignored in fact they're integral to the film. But as Borzage crafts the film as a soft focus fairy tale the love between the characters makes the situation seem less harsh. It makes the film warm and affectionate.<br /><br />MAN'S CASTLE is the crowning achievement of the pre-code era. If only more people could see it.
critique4245 While this is a faithful adaptation it is much less exciting than Greene's novel. Also it's a bit ridiculous when people say things to Boyer like "You're Spanish aren't you?"<br /><br />Still the movie's not at all bad just slow-moving.<br /><br />
critique4246 Why on earth should you explore the mesmerizing nature documentary "Earth"? How much time do you have on earth so I can explain this to you? OK I will not elongate my review exploration on "Earth" to infinity but I must stand my ground on why this is a "must see". The documentary takes a nature round trip on the migration paths on three animal families: a female polar bear and her cubs with the real life subplot of the father bear daring it out to hunt for food in his isolated path a mama of a whale with her baby whale taking a whale of a migration tour for prey and an elephant mama with her small (maybe not so small they are elephants) offspring migrating in Africa. Directors Alastair Forthegill & Mark Linfield did an "out of this earth" job in also capturing the survival skills of many other animal species besides the magnetic shots of our three animal family protagonists. The cinematographically skilled team of Richard Brooks Burton Mike Holding Adam Ravetch and Andrew Shillabeer were animales in camera shooting the wondrous nature sites and animal instinctive behaviors; not to mention the slo-mo animal prey shots were u n b e l i e a v a b l e. "Earth" is also a lesson learner on the global warming effect on the animals; the papa polar bear in the doc is the poster animal boy on that consequence. So fellow earthlings it is time to take the documentary voyage to visit "Earth" today! **** Good
critique4247 I first saw this film when I was about 8 years old on TV in the UK (where it was called "Laupta: The Flying Island"). I absolutely loved it and was heartbroken when it was repeated a while later and I missed it. I was enchanted by the story and characters but most of all by the haunting and beautiful music. It would have been the original English dubbed version which I saw - sometimes erroneously referred to as the "Streamline Dub" (the dub was actually by Ghibli themselves and only distributed by Streamline) which is sadly unavailable except as part of a ridiculously expensive laser disc box-set.<br /><br />Unfortunately I feel that the release has been partly spoiled by Disney. The voice acting is OK but the dialogue doesn't have the same raw energy that the "streamline" dub or the original Japanese had and I think James Van Der Beek sounds too old to play the lead. They have made some pointless alterations such as changing the main character's name from "Pazu" to "Patzu" and added some dialogue. But worst of all I feel that they have ruined many scenes with intrusive music - the opening scene of the airships for example was originally silent but has been spoiled thanks to Disney's moronic requirement that there be music playing whenever anyone is not speaking which I find annoying in many Disney films.<br /><br />This film still blows away most recent animated films and I cannot recommend it highly enough. The plot is simple yet captivating and the film shows a flair which is sadly missing from most modern mass-market homogenized animation.
critique4248 When it comes to the erotic genre I'm lucky to get through the first 20 minutes of the plot without getting up or looking for something else to watch. This movie is different. Julie Davis (I love You Don't Touch Me) directed two very strong lead actors Kira Reed and Doug Jeffery in this enthralling thriller. Kira is convincing as "Kim" a sweet innocent romance novelist that gets caught in the web of seduction of Doug Jeffery's "The Man" a handsome stranger. Kira loses control of her inhibitions in the role and as actress giving what could have been simply another T and A depth and believability. I believe it to be her best performance yet. And Julie Davis' direction is a great gift to erotica.
critique4249 After reading previews for this movie I thought it would be a let down however after I got my region 1 dvd ( the dvd was available before the film hit the uk cinemas) I was pleasantly surprised strong performances from all cast members make this a very enjoyable movie. The fact that the script is quite weak means that you dont get bogged down in story and therefore the repeat viewing factor is greater. I recommend this movie to one and all<br /><br />
critique4250 I absolutely adore this film about a lady columnist (Barbara Stanwyck) for a major homemaking magazine who delivers a welcoming article each month that includes details about her awesome home life as a wife and mother in a beautiful Connecticut home. The trouble happens when the owner of her monthly publication demands that she have him and a WW2 hero as guests during the Christmas Holidays. Why is she worried? Because she lives in a small New York apartment isn't married and doesn't have a baby - and can't cook at all! Hilarity (and romance) ensues when she tries to put on a believable act in an effort to save face/ keep from being fired by the magazine owner (played by Sydney Greenstreet). This is a delightful comedy; one that I highly recommend to classic movie lovers!!!!
critique4251 Like some people here I love/loved Stingers! In Norway it got aired a lot later. That also means that we are in the 176th episode. (yea that's right) I have to say that I really love Stingers! It can make me cry laugh smile and so on. I think I'm going to die the day we reach episode number 192. Stingers might be the on series(except from Grey's Anatomy) that I really watch! The actors are amazing! Especially Jacinta Stapleton! Personallly I think she is one of the best access we have! I know he is not like SUPER-known but she is really a great actress! Stingers makes me want to be a cop! I LOVE IT!<br /><br />P.S: Do you know if you can buy the episodes?
critique4252 I got this movie from Netflix after a long waiting time so I was anticipating it greatly when it arrived. My worst fears were that it would be plodding as well as... well you know what all the screaming fan girls were babbling about? GACKTnHYDE=hawt yaoi love? That sort of thing? Dreading it. I was very very pleasantly surprised. The movie was surprisingly watchable even if the filming and music did make it feel like someone was going to bust out a pair of nun-chucks every two scenes and the acting on Gackt's part was quite good. Hyde being um Hyde acted as a quasi-romantic friend/gang member character that anyone who saw him on stage would hardly be surprised by. He's one of my two major beefs with the film itself. But the rest of the cast (including the child actors in the opening scene) were very good at doing what they did- which was mostly get shot at and yelled at. But my second problem was very minor having to do with the goriness. It seemed way too suspense-horror to me- like every scene where someone is shot they either slump over really most sincerely dead or lay there burbling for a rather long time. But Sho just... takes the shots repeatedly keels over bubbles a LOT while he talks and makes Hyde cry. All in all if you're a fan of any of the actors or just a j-film fan it's definitely worth a watch.
critique4253 Neil LaBute takes a dramatic turn from his first two films In The Company of Men & Your Friends and Neighbors with this funny and original thriller/comedy/road movie. When Betty (Renee Zellwegger) witnesses the brutal murder of her no-good husband (Aaron Eckhart) she develops a bizarre sort of amnesia and flees in his car not knowing that there is large stash of drugs in the trunk. Morgan Freeman and Chris Rock are the hit men who follow her.<br /><br />What Betty is chasing besides a new beginning (although she can't remember the old life) is her beloved Dr. David Ravell (Greg Kinnear). Only problem: Dr. David isn't real he's a soap opera character on the show `A Reason To Love' and he's really an egotistical actor named George McCord.<br /><br />To say any more regarding what develops would be too much but Nurse Betty is certainly original. Its hit men are like the hired killers of Pulp Fiction are violent yet philosophical its take on soap operas terrific spoof material and its acting is the best feature of all. This has to be one of the best cast films in recent years. Renee Zellwegger is perfect for Nurse Betty with the constant gleam in her eye that pushes her in her quest. Morgan Freeman brings his constant state of grace to the role of a killer at the end of his career and Chris Rock is his partner a man of rage and great impatience. Greg Kinnear is at his comic best as the vain actor/soap opera doctor. There are also great supporting performances from actors such as Emmy-winner Allison Janney (The West Wing) Harriet Sansom Harris (Frasier's agent Bebe Glazer) and Kathleen Wilhoite (Chloe on ER). Actually the supporting cast is a Who's Who of television best character actors.<br /><br />A unique film that is funny one moment and chilling the next Nurse Betty is a mix of great acting casting and a terrific screenplay.
critique4254 Valley Girl will always hold a special place in my heart: I would say this is certainly the best of the 80's teen-sex-comedies but that is a back-handed compliment. This is a good movie period. It is very specific in time and place--nearly twenty years later this is a marvelous snapshot--yet its story remains timeless. (This is just Romeo and Juliet minus the death after all!) Nicolas Cage is wonderful showing all the early promise that it turns out he has squandered on overblown action crapola. Deborah Foreman is the revelation of this movie and I can't believe she didn't go on to have a bigger career; someone rediscover her QUICK. This is sweeter and gentler than most films of the genre--the requisite nudity seems thrown in by contractual obligation--and while not groundbreaking it certainly is nice to see this kind of movie that respects its characters and doesn't crucify its shallow young girls for having fun--even Foreman's crew of best friends misguided by peer pressure are never presented as villains. (Indeed her friend Stacy forced to doubledate w/ Cage's friend Fred has a good time despite her protests and makes out w/ Fred in the backseat.) This will take you back to the early 80's if you were there but it holds up quite well today. Warning to those unfamiliar with the movie: do NOT watch one of VH1's seemingly continual showings of it--go rent it in its unedited glory. Otherwise you are missing some of the movies' most potent time-specific dialogue. And one can't write about Valley Girl and not mention the fabu soundtrack of great 80's tunes--most of them by one-hit wonders which are not only integral to the sense of time and place in this movie but thematically well-chosen. See it--awesome little flick! Fer shur!!
critique4255 I was @ 13 yrs of age when I saw this greatly underappreciated film at The ADAMS theatre in Newark NJ I purchased the Program and later bought the soundtrack... still have both.... I am now 55 + yrs.. and have not seen it since (possibly once on network TV in 1960's???) One of the greatest casts ever assembled great score and production  please let another generation see this great film... It was my introduction to opera and aided with my understanding of Tolerance.. Please family of Gerswhins or Premingers release this classic soon !!
critique4256 this is one of the funniest shows i have ever seen. it is really refreshing to watch and i was in stitches many times. i guess there is a social awareness factor to this too which makes it quite interesting. if these were white girls would they get the same reaction? maybe they would maybe they wouldn't? the characters know no limits (check my lyrics) and do not exclude anyone from their twisted sense of fun!There are so many funny sketches. my favorites is the bob the builder one. it's so silly it's genius. if you like twisted black comedy then this is for you. if you like keeping up appearances it probably isn't.3 non blonde's is yet another hilarious British BBC comedy shown on TV! It is such a funny show and the characters unleashed on the unsuspecting public are laugh at loud funny! It would be impossible to keep a straight face watching the crazy characters and the reactions of the public! This series easily adds to the excellent comedies being produced!
critique4257 A glacier slide inside a cavernous ice mountain sends its three characters whoosh down a never-ending wet-slide tube that has enough kick to dazzle kids the same way mature audience may be dazzled by the star gate sequence that closes 2001: A Space Odyssey. Miles apart in vision but it is a scene of great rush and excitement nonetheless. A magnificent opening sequence also takes place where a furry squirrel-like critter attempts to hide his precious acorn. You've probably seen this scene in the trailer but as it takes place he starts a domino effect when the mountain starts cracking and results an avalanche. The horror just keeps going as the critter tries to outrun the impossible. <br /><br />The movie traces two characters a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and a buck-toothed sloth (John Leguizamo) as they try to migrate south. They find a human baby they adopt and then decide to track the parent figures down to return to them. They are joined by a saber tiger named Diego (Denis Leary) whose predatory intentions is to bring the baby to his tiger clan by leading the mammoth and the sloth into a trap. Diego's meat-eating family wants the mammoth most of all but Diego's learned values of friendship make easy what choice to ultimately make at the end. <br /><br />There are fatalistic natural dangers of the world along the trip including an erupted volcano and a glacier bridge that threatens to melt momentarily that is reminiscent of the castle escape in Shrek. Characters contemplate on why they're in the Ice Age while they could have called it The Big Chill or the Nippy Era. Some characters wish for a forthcoming global warming. Another great line about the mating issues between girlfriends: `All the great guys are never around. The sensitive ones get eaten.' Throwaway lines galore whimsical comedy and light-fingered adventure makes this one pretty easy to watch. Also food is so scarce for the nice vegetarians that they consider dandelions and pine cones as `good eating.' <br /><br />The vocal talents of Romano Leguizamo and Leary make good on their personas while the children will delight in their antics the adults will fancy their riffs on their own talents. There is some mild violence and intense content but kids will be jazzed by the excitement and will get one of their early introductions of the age-old battle of good versus evil and family tradition and friendship are strong thematic ties. The animators also make majestic use of background landscapes that are coolly fantastic.<br /><br />
critique4258 THE ASCENT is a very worthwhile addition to recent re-releases from the Soviet Union. Director Larisa Shepitko's 1977 film examines the moral ramifications of allegiance and honor in German occupied Russia during The Second World War. On foot and in a blizzard two members of a partisan Soviet group leave to locate supplies and are captured by Nazi soldiers. The focus of the movie is on how each man handles or internalizes his moral alternatives. One chooses dignity and integrity while the other opts for collaboration with the enemy. However in the end he cannot abide by his selfish decision. The film makes much use of slow wide-angle pans which shift to extreme closeups and highlight the spiritual quandary within the souls of each man. This is not a great film but it does effectively portray an intense moral dilemma against the backdrop of a harsh and frigid Soviet wilderness.
critique4259 This film is one of the classics of cinema history. It was not made to please modern audiences so some people nowadays may think it is creaky or stilted. I found it to be absorbing throughout. Cherkassov has exactly the right presence to play Alexander Nevskyi just as he did when he played Ivan Groznyi (Ivan the Terrible) several years later. The music was beautiful.<br /><br />My one complaint was the poor soundtrack that was quite garbled. Although I only know a little Russian it would have been nice to be able to pick out more words rather than having to rely almost 100% on the subtitles. I was watching this on an old videotape from the library though. Perhaps by now a DVD version exists on which the sound has been enhanced. I would like to know whether the actors were using archaic Russian or even Old Church Slavonic when they were speaking. The subtitles were strangely worded and it's hard for me to tell whether this was to reflect an older manner of speaking or whether the subtitles were just somewhat poorly done.
critique4260 This movie based on a true story of Gerrit Wolfaardt is one of the best films I've seen on race relations in South Africa; a very good history lesson of the turmoil of 80's South Africa. I put it in on the scale of American History X as far as it's depiction of how a young man can get seduced by the Aryan doctrine and how the "certain" segments of the Christian church taught a false doctrine regarding race to justify an injustice.<br /><br />It's strong message of forgiveness and redemption is one of rarity in films today. The violence is well done as to show the severity of Gerrit's crimes and greatness of his transformation.<br /><br />One word about Jan Ellis who played Gerrit Wolfaardt. He carries you through the darkness of Gerrit's beginnings to his enlightened transformation. He went to some dark places as an actor and is to be commended on his performance.<br /><br />Another standout performance was that of Mpho Lovinga who plays Moses Moremi one victim of Gerrit's crimes. He was able to pull from some places of pain that really touched you as you watched his performance.<br /><br />Very good movie to show the teens.
critique4261 The material in this documentary is so powerful that it brought me to tears. Yes tears I tell you. This popular struggle of a traditionally exploited population should inspire all of us to stand up for our rights put forth the greater good of the community and stop making up cowardly excuses for not challenging the establishment. Chavez represents the weak and misfortunate in the same way Bush is the face of dirty corporations and capitalism ran amok. Indeed Latin America is being reshaped and the marginalized majority is finally having a voice in over five centuries. Though in the case of Mexico the election was clearly stolen by Calderon. Chavez is not perfect far from it. He's trying to change the constitution to allow him to rule indefinitely. That cannot be tolerated. Enough with the politics and back to the movie; The pace is breath taking at moments and deeply philosophical at others. It portrays Chavez as a popular hero unafraid to challenge the US hegemony and domination of the world's resources. If you think the author is biased in favour of Chavez nothing's stopping you from doing your homework. One crucial message of the film is questioning info sources as was clearly demonstrated by the snippers casualties being shamefully blamed on Chavez's supporters. Venezuela puts American alleged democracy to shame. Hasta la revolucion siempre!
critique4262 Francis Ford Coppola wrote and directed this stunningly personal story of a married woman's flight from her husband--and the reality that perhaps the youthful glee and excitement of her younger years are behind her. We learn little about this woman's marriage except that she has been feeling her independence slipping away as of late; she's also recently learned she's pregnant which has further complicated her heart (she doesn't want to be a complacent wifey despite the maternal way she speaks to her husband over the phone). She meets two men on her journey: a former college football hero who--after an accident during a game--has been left with permanent brain damage and a sexy strutting motorcycle cop who has a great deal of trouble in his own life. The clear clean landscapes (as photographed by the very talented Wilmer Butler) are astutely realized as are the characters. Shirley Knight James Caan and Robert Duvall each deliver strong gripping performances most especially since these are not very likable people in conventional terms. Some scenes (such as Knight's first call home from a pay-phone or her first night alone with Caan where they play 'Simon Says') are almost too intimate to watch. Coppola toys with reality turning the jagged memories of his characters into scrapbooks we've been made privy to. He allows scenes to play out yet the editing is quite nimble and the film is never allowed to get too heavy (there are at least two or three very frisky moments). It's a heady endeavor--so much so that the picture was still being shown at festivals nearly five years later. Some may shun Coppola's unapologetic twisting of events in order to underline the finale with bitter irony however the forcefulness and drive behind the picture nearly obliterate its shortcomings. *** from ****
critique4263 Skenbart takes place in the 1940s right after the second world war. Main character Gunnar (Gustav Hammarsten) quits his job to get a chance to "make a difference" in the bombed-out postwar Europe. He packs a book by his favourite philisopher Ludwig Witgenstein and embarks on a trip which will eventually prove Witgenstein's famous statement true: Nothing is what it seems.<br /><br />There are two main plots and several subplots to this film which takes place on a train bound for Berlin. Writer/Director Peter Dalle (also playing the role as the conductor of the train) has assembled an impressive cast including swedish legends Lena Nyman GÃƒÂ¶sta Ekman and Robert Gustafsson. Overall the acting is excellent.<br /><br />Skenbart offers some rather twisted slapstick comedy combined with more subtle black humor (like the nun who loses her faith and starts cursing violently). It's like KillinggÃƒÂ¤nget meets Peter Jackson (Braindead Bad Taste) in Schindler's List. I laughed during most of the film and when i woke up the next morning i laughed even more. An intelligent film for fans of Swedish comedy.
critique4264 All in all a good film and better for the fact that had the film not been made the story might remain hidden to the masses. Brosnan does a good job as the native American with a hidden past and the photography is stunning. To some this may be too whimsical to others boring - for me it is a gentle well-told tale and perfect for family viewing. Now that's not something you get a lot of recently.
critique4265 The music of Albeniz pervades this film. Once and a while it is played with original instrumentation (e.g. piano but never full orchestra) but often it is re-worked with various contemporary ensembles (e.g.guitar) and treatments (e.g. jazz piano). Only occasionally is the music the sole focus of the film: the vast majority of the time the music is set to various dances often flamenco but not always. I would guess that there are 12Ã‚Â–14 scenes which are not united by a plot. Not all scenes will reach the heights for an individual viewer. In my case about half reached the pinnacle though all the rest were in their own way very fine. Those that worked for me moved me to goose-flesh aesthetic delight; indeed the final scene left me weepy with joy. And in some very magical way it brings you deep into Spanish culture. If you don't like subtitles don't worry. The film is virtually wordless though each scene carries a title of an Albeniz piece. Seeing this very beautiful film sharpens my complaint that virtually none of the films of Saura are available on DVD in the USA. I am thinking here particularly of his flamenco version of "Carmen" a spectacular work of art that is available in Europe but not here (European DVD's won't play on American DVD players). This is a scandal.
critique4266 This Movie has great fight scenes. Now its true that the acting is a little rough. But If I wanted to see a movie based on acting skills I would watch a Cheesy movie Like American Beauty. But If you want to see a movie with true martial arts in it and with Amazing stunts WITHOUT the use of wires and flying threw the air like so many movies around now which are over killing the matrix. Then Watch this. Now it's true the two main stars in the show where in the kid show the power rangers and another cast member of that show has a bit part in this movie. But hey the fight scenes are enough to make Jet Li p**s his pants. And the stunts are worthy enough for Jackie Chan to sit threw and admire.
critique4267 Having seen the original when I was 13 (and yes I was stupid enough to watch it while babysitting!) I was excited to see this remake.<br /><br />Camilla Bell did a great job as Jill Johnson. And the fact that a teen horror flick could be made in the year 2006 without tremendous vulgarity and gore made it even that much stronger of a film. I had a great time trying not to chew my fingernails off!<br /><br />This film won't win anyone an Oscar but it is entertaining and worth the matinÃƒÂ©e price ticket I bought to see it. I think girls around the world should watch the original and the remake...and then determine to never babysit again. <br /><br />All I can say is I'm glad I'm too old to babysit! There's just something about being in a dark creepy house with sleeping kids that makes this movie classic. No blood no gore...just good psychological fun! WINNER!
critique4268 This movie is definately one of my favorite movies in it's kind. The interaction between respectable and morally strong characters is an ode to chivalry and the honor code amongst thieves and policemen. It treats themes like duty guilt word manipulation and trust like few films have done and unfortunately none that I can recall since the death of the 'policial' in the late seventies. The sequence is delicious down to the essential living nothing out and thus leading the spectator into a masterful plot right and wrong without accessory eye catching and spectacular scenes that are often needed in lesser specimens of the genre in order to keep the audience awake. No such scenes are present or needed. The argument is sand honest to the spectator; An important asset in a genre that too often achieve suspense through the deception of the audience. No this is not miss Marble... A note of congratulations for the music is in order A film to watch and savor every minute not just to see.
critique4269 Look it's Eva Longoria and Paul Rudd in a movie about a dead girlfriend haunting the new girlfriend. It's Gabrielle from Desperate Housewives and the guy who wore "sex Panther cologne" in Anchorman. If you are expecting a Golden Globe nominated movie then you need to rethink how you look at movies. However if you are willing to suspend reality for 90 minutes and want to watch a funny movie then you've come to the right place. The characters are all funny. They work together very well. The real match up is Paul Rudd and Lake Bell. He's as funny as he was on Friends and she was funny and good looking all at the same time. I went with my wife she enjoyed it and so did I.
critique4270 I appreciated the photography the textures the colours and often unlike one comment the lighting. What was lacking for me was a coherent storyline.I found it often disjointed badly edited and at times difficult to follow. My version was 110 minutes IMDb shows one at 125m. Possibly the cuts and subtitles didn't help. I applaud any films that escape from the Hollywood mould but this left me disappointed. Miss Gillain was luminous and the performances were all fine I just wanted a little more dialogue. If anyone would like to see another film that has some affinity with this one try 'Hideous Kinky'with Kate Winslet.
critique4271 This movie was disaster at Box Office and the reason behind that is innocence of the movie sweetness of the story. Music was good story is very simple and old but presentation of such story is very good Director tried his best. Abhay is excellent and impressive and he shines once again in his role he did his best in comedy or in emotional scene. Soha looks so sweet in the movie. Rest star cast was simply okay. Music and all songs are good Himesh is impressive as an Singer here. Don't miss this movie its a wonderful movie and a feel good one for us. Abhay best work till date. I will give 9/10 to Ahista Ahista.
critique4272 Henri-Georges Clouzot's film is quiet an example of the french transition cinema. A film between the realism of the postwar cinema and the full-of-magic and symbolism nouvelle vague. With some spots of the American classic films (but not imitating it) the director tales us a story about love crime and the importance of points of view. We can find great actors too (Suzy Delair is impeccable).<br /><br />Is interesting too how we can find aspects of this film nowadays. Quai des OrfÃƒÂ¨vres inheritance is palpable in Woody Allen tradition. Plunging a crime situation in a picturesque environment. The naive ending is also typical in Steven Spielberg's good-ending films. And finally I would like to point out the deja voo sensation during the photography session between Jenny Lamour (Suzy Delair) and Dora Monier (Simone Renant) in which the first one confess that she thinks her husband is being unfaithful and exactly with the woman who is photographing her. That scene is exactly the one between Natalie Portman and Julia Roberts in Closer (Mike Nichols 2004).
critique4273 Cusack does his best David Niven in this one although I don't know if anyone besides me noticed it.<br /><br />When seen with this in mind its a deliciously over saturated 'wants to be taken more seriously than Austin powers but still be pretty d*mn funny' reworking of an under-appreciated comedy classic.<br /><br />Hillary Duff does an over sexualized Britney spears lap dance version of Mata Bond. The writers built a little reverse Oedipus twist into the plot - interesting choice.<br /><br />I never knew how soothing Montel's voice was until this movie... I think he has found a new calling doing nav system voice overs!
critique4274 Being raised at the time this movie was released has probably influenced my shallow mind but still this isn't a bad movie by any means. It's a movie about a hostage situation involving a prep school populated to some extent by endearing teenage boys who can't seem to get out of trouble. What's wrong with that? It doesn't have any big special effects but so what? Who needs special effects? Cinema's decline began around the same time that special effects were popularized. A coincidence? I think not. It turned movies with potentially good plot and feelings and turned them into a big substance-less light show for innocent kids and the self-medicated. Well you know not all movies need special effects. About three fourths of the movies on the IMDb top 250 are without special effects but almost all of the Top Grossing movies of all time have some special effects. Think about it: Star Wars E.T. Ghostbusters etc. All good movies but the rest of the top-grossing movies are usually cliched tripe with non-sensical plots and lots of eye candy. Well some movies don't need ny of that junk.<br /><br />Excuse me for going off on a tangent which I normally do but I'm just so fed up with that special effects junk. Back to the point: Toy Soldiers is simply a great movie. I admit some of the content is a little corny and ripped off but so what every movie rips off another to some extent. Think of Resovoir Dogs. Countless "appreciation" sites dictate the fact that beloved Quentin Tarentino who I admit I like has copied many many many movies in the making of his first major film Reservoir Dogs. Many say that the entire plot is ripped off almost scene for scene from japanese and chinese gangster movies which Mr. Tarentino loved so much and probably still does. Sorry once again for the tangent.<br /><br />Toy Soldiers is fun. It has the whole insubordination from teenagers to unwanted members of authority i.e. hostage takers. It's fun to see kids take over when they're being held to something they don't want to do. Hell teenage angst-inspired rebelion was the key topic to a great majority to 80's comedies. Plus there's the tension and thrill of having the characters use fire-arms and knock out the bad guys etc. Plus there's some emotional points to the film. When one of the characters dies the others have to cope and adjust. It's not perfect acting but it beats most of the other tripe out there.<br /><br />In short Toy Soldiers is exciting interesting and fun. How dare you jaded blowhards rate this movie poorly! Shame on you all!<br /><br />Personal rating: 8/10
critique4275 one of the best ensemble acted films I've ever seen. There isn't much to the plot but the acting- incredible. You see the characters change ever so subtly undr the influence of the rented villa in Italy and love. And happiness. The film casts a mesmerizing spell on you much as the villa does on all the women. Truly "enchanted".
critique4276 One of the intriguing aspects of this historical drama is the way the "Tories" or British American Loyalists are portrayed and the sort of gloss given to their ardent support for King George III. In many ways the American Revolution was definitely a family affair in that some of the wealthier colonial families were split asunder by it. If there is a strong criticism to be made of this film it is that perhaps the people in this story are made out to be a little bit nicer than they were in real life.<br /><br />In some regards the actions of the character of Major Boulton played by Cornel Wilde make him the least likable member of the cast and the flaw in the storyline. He seems to vary from being a prickly kind of patriot to being a kind of 'anything for the cause' fellow. This film does concentrate heavily on the notions of personal honor and personal prestige which were a major social 'norm' in that day and age.<br /><br />In its subtext the fact that about twenty-five percent of the colonial population was decidedly pro-British is glossed over too. But the strength of the Tory element is not obviously maligned although the good doctor character is about eighty-five percent upper class twit ( to steal a fine phrase from Monty Python's Flying Circus ). Anne Francis does a whole lot with a rather thin section of the script and it stands out. She was a good choice for the woman of divided loyalties a 'gal' who was rather more modern than the social conventions of that day might have allowed -- if there had not been a life and death struggle going on.<br /><br />One good aspect of the film is the way the rivalries of the American revolutionary leaders degenerated into outright jealousies and how these personal conflicts very nearly sabotaged the entire revolutionary effort. All in all the leading characters are very well drawn the minor characters are not just human "props" and the fight scenes are believable enough to carry the dramatic action.<br /><br />This is a great spy movie. It's not quite a great historical drama but it does satisfy well enough. It rates a seven largely because Cornel Wilde is so deeply immersed in his role and does it so well and because Anne Francis makes the most of her supporting effort.<br /><br />The color print used on Turner Classic Movies was very clear as well and so it was an enjoyable presentation in that important regard.<br /><br />Hope it runs again soon.
critique4277 'The second beginning' as it's title explains shows us the beginning of the end for the human race. Set long before the matrix existed this short anime written by the Wachowski's shows us the world that could lay infront of us in the not to distant future set at the turn of the 21st century the second renaissance delves into issues common with human behaviour; greed power control vanity etc.<br /><br />The use of robots or artificial intellegence as slaves or servents is common among science fiction/fantasy stories. The second renaissance is no exeption to this concept however instead of a simple man vs. machine layout this story explains the struggle that the machines put up with the struggle for acceptance in a world ruled by humans. Where the matrix films show us the human perspective these short animations tell both sides of the story.<br /><br />The second renaissance part 1 + 2 answer many questions brought up by the original Matrix film such as how the war broke out how the sky was blackend what led to the use of humans as batteries and it also introduces us to the machine city called 01 which may have relevance to the upcoming Matrix Revolutions film.<br /><br />I won't give away too much of the story as I do not want to ruin the experience for perspective viewers however I will recommend it to anybody interested in the world of the matrix or simply anybody interested in Japanese animation (anime).<br /><br />9/10.
critique4278 I love this show! It's like watching a mini movie each week!!! The first episode was so gripping and terrifying...so was part 2 of the pilot... I'm definitely gonna keep tuning into this show! This is the real Survivor! I've looked at a few of the other comments and I can see that already after just one or two episodes the morons here are already crying wolf... Sorry if it's not another reality show kiddies! There was once a time where there were...now brace yourself! Actual TV shows! And this one is actually good unlike most of the crappy sitcoms today or the ump-teenth carbon copy of a Law & Order or NYPD Blue or CSI series they're dishing out... Watch this yourself to form your own opinion don't take one from the boneheads here!
critique4279 It kept me on the edge of my seat. True the story has a few plot holes but the sheer tension of it the way the director just keeps challenging the premise is simply fascinating.<br /><br />JosÃƒÂ© Coronado and Adriana Ozores are two of Spain's best actors (see La vida mancha and HÃƒÂ©ctor) and here they appear as a happy upper-middle class couple. Beneath it all the truth is that all of Coronado's life is a lie. He's not an economist never went to college or does not work in Spain's Central Bank Reserve as everybody else believes. We get a few insights as to how he kept up appearances or manage to do it and while not very plausible it is still somehow believable.<br /><br />The inner-workings of the scam are shown intermittently but it is credible because Coronado is a source of self-assurance and assertiveness. He not only believes in the scam he also believes in the film premise and therefore he carries it.<br /><br />Sure it tests belief that a wife would not know the inner workings of a marriage's finances for almost 10 years but again since he's supposedly a brilliant economist.<br /><br />It has been said in a nationalistic tone that the movie is not "distinctively Spanish" as if that were a litmus test for good film. True no castanets or odd cabbies in this one just a taut thriller. You'll want to know how this story ends once you start watching.
critique4280 Although Kris Kristofferson is good in this role who wouldn't want to see Elvis Pressly instead? With the drug addiction and the fall from supreme fame may have scared away Elvis' agent to be apart of the movie it was a mistake. This would have been a perfect movie for Elvis. Even though the soundtrack is far from terrific Paul Williams and Barbra Streisand do a decent job in creating an original soundtrack for this "period" piece / musical. Somewhat of a love story this is more of a drama about the fall from grace and the gift of redemption. Like is most tragedies the hero of the story was die. Also Gary Busey is once again perfect in a not so perfect role.
critique4281 John (Ben Chaplin) is a lonely bank clerk who lives in a small town not far from London. Though the Internet he contacts a Russian agency of brides. He selects Sophia (Nicole Kidman Ã‚Â– the guy could be lonely and shy but certainly has a good taste doesn't he?) and when they met each other he realizes that she does not speak English. The communication between each other is basically limited by sex (again imagine what a terrible situation for the guy just have some kinky sex with Nicole Kidman!). On her birthday two Russian friends of her visit them. Then lots of surprises will happen. I liked this movie: first it is almost impossible to be 'labeled'. Is it a black comedy an action a thriller movie? I believe all the choices are correct. Nicole Kidman is gorgeous as usual and I am very curious about her Russian: is she speaking Russian in a correct accent indeed or just faking? Anyway I found it an enjoyable movie. My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "A Isca Perfeita" ("The Perfect Bait")
critique4282 I have to agree with everyone else that has posted.<br /><br />I watched it quite a while ago but I'll tell you whenever I hear certain music from this anime I am reminded of the story the beautiful animation the characters and the feeling I got when watching it and it does make me cry(such a happy yet sad feeling). I do however find that the love story in it felt alittle rushed and they didn't explain things properly but it didn't ruin any part of the viewing experience.<br /><br />I was into this anime so much that after the end I just had to do some research(and watch the ending a few more times) and I found all my answers and a whole lot more. I love how they configured historical legends to fit into this anime it was amazing and just made me want to research a whole lot more.(I've always been very interested in certain historical figures associated with this anime)<br /><br />I do think it should have been a longer series but if this is all they had to work with then they pulled it off nicely. I'd recommend this to anyone who likes emotional anime with an excellent story well built characters(some mysterious)and a bit of fantasy action.<br /><br />Also even though this was based on a H-game it doesn't have any of that stuff in it and I actually prefer it this way.(I have no problem with mature anime in most cases I prefer it)
critique4283 I guess those who have been in a one-sided relationship of some sort before will be able identify with the lead character Minako (Yuko Tanaka) a 50 year old woman who is still in the pink of good health as demonstrated by her daily grinding routine of waking up extremely early in the morning to prepare for her milk delivery work where she has to lug bottles of Megmilk in a bag in a route around her town like clockwork to exchange empty bottles for full ones and to collect payment and issue receipt. And there's always be that one delivery stop that's right at the top needing to scale a long flight of stairs in order to achieve customer satisfaction.<br /><br />And peculiar enough that stop happened to be a stop delivering to a man with whom she has been in love with for almost all her teenage to adult life and not having the product appreciated but poured down the sink. Having gone to the same school we see that they're not talking to each other and in their daily life always seem so close physically but yet so far away. There's no eye contact save for cursory glances by chance and little acknowledgement of each other's existence. We learn that they share a past that probably destroyed all notions of being together where clear attraction between the two was hampered from developing further by the earlier generation.<br /><br />While I thought Minako was an interesting woman in herself one who has kept her feelings suppressed for so long one can only wonder what kind of damage it would do. If I read that the original Japanese title means "At some time the days you read books" and it's accurate I felt the movie had a wonderful finale with that shot of her well stocked bookcase likely alluding to the fact that she's not alone after all and had probably fallen back on her crutch of sorts to deal with the pain of being alone and back to a lifestyle which she had already been accustomed to for 50 years. Besides immersing herself in two jobs she has those books which serve as a form of escapism and occasionally pens little sweet nothings to song dedication shows on the radio.<br /><br />Yuko Tanaka did a commendable job as the emotionally strong woman resigned to her fate and her decision to love none other her object of affection Takanashi (Ittoku Kishibe) was a more interesting character who has more facets. Staying true to marriage vows he spends significant amount of screen time looking after his sickly bedridden wife (played by Akiko Nishina) while juggling with his job of social welfare in the Children's Affairs department in City Hall. I felt that as a childless couple the job provided him a means to care not for his own but for other people's children the troubled ones who are neglected and left to fend for themselves. In a rare moment of rage we see how he angrily chides such wayward parents who don't appreciate and wastes their children's lives away.<br /><br />The story by Kenji Aoki provides little quirks to make its characters appeal and successfully attempted to provide a lot more glimpses and dimension into them as well such as how Takanashi is a hopeless Haiku poet despite being a member of the Haiku club and supporting characters such as the aged Minagawa couple where Masao (Koichi Ueda) lent some comical though sad moments as he slowly turned senile while wife Toshiko (Misako Watanabe) narrates and brings us through this love story of a single woman at 50. Even Akiko Nishina's performance as the bedridden wife was nothing short of arresting with her character's enlightened state of knowing her husband's past and making unselfish and painful decisions in her sickly state.<br /><br />It's what you can expect from a typical Japanese romantic movie sans young nubile leads as star-crossed lovers but with all other elements in place such as romantic set ups love songs and those quintessential restrained but affectionate behaviour. I thought the story was in danger of going down the beaten track when unrequited love gets consummated but director Akira Ogata managed to steer clear of the usual melodramatic moments in such stories though the story did call for some obvious plot development into the final act that you can predict especially if you're already way past your Romance Movie 101.<br /><br />Not being your average lovey-dovey story I thought The Milkwoman told a strong story with unrequited love as a central theme and frankly a recommended romance movie (though told at a measured pace) if you're in the mood for some bittersweet loving reminiscence and seeking to live without regrets.
critique4284 Many believe this movie is a baseball movie. Such people are disappointed because it's about a baseball player but the movie isn't about baseball.<br /><br />Some think this movie is a romantic comedy and are disappointed because the relationship isn't really developed. This movie is not a romantic comedy.<br /><br />This movie is about culture. An arrogant American Major Leaguer and a stern traditional Japanese baseball manager cannot succeed because they can't indeed won't understand one another. It's after they manage to break through the cultural barrier that they have success. The ballplayer becomes more Japanese in his team mentality and the manager more American in allowing individual achievement and they meet in the middle.<br /><br />Baseball and the romance is subordinate to this critique of the two cultures. Many who have no understanding of the Japanese mindset miss this and think it's a movie on baseball or romance and see the culture clash as mild comedy relief. It's not---the culture clash is the gravamen of the movie. Based on my own experience and understanding of the Japanese culture I think this movie did quite well in that it didn't overly romanticize the Japanese culture nor overdo it in its portrayal.<br /><br />Overall I believe this is an enjoyable and relaxing movie if one understands what it is really about.
critique4285 This is an important film. It challenges the viewer and encourages you to pay attention. There's a lot to like here. The director seems interested in taking apart some of the more tired cinematic conventions. Unlike a lot of recent American cinema this film takes an interest in what it means to make a movie in the first place. The DVD includes a lot of bonus features and there are two commentaries that explain the movie for the viewers still befuddled after an initial viewing. When the film screened at Sundance it made more than a few audience members uncomfortable and angry. This is a Sunday morning coffee movie not a Friday night party movie. For the dedicated viewer it's a treasure trove.
critique4286 This is one of the many Techno-phobic movies that sprouted like mushrooms in the mid-90s after the Internet went mainstream.<br /><br />Hollywood movies have always had their way in "beautifying" the depicted ongoings to make them look better and more appealing. The same happens when Hollywood tries to show us some hi-tech. The outcome of such attempts varies from being very far-fetched and ridiculous (see Hackers (1995) Johnny Mnemonic (1995) etc.) to being quite realistic (see Sneakers (1992)).<br /><br />"The Net" lies somewhere between those extremes. By nitpicking one can end up with quite a lot of technical inconsistencies and a lot of cases where the ongoings seem to be much more "sexy" and graphical than the way things are in real life (as usually happens in movies).<br /><br />However by simply overlooking those the viewer ends up with a quite solid entertaining movie. The characters and acting are convincing and the movie does a good job in keeping you in your seat till the end of it. The plot is okay (a fairly standard one really -- based on the good ol' paranoiac design but with a hi-tech edge this time) and quite convincing (again when disregarding technical issues). The development of the plot is a bit sluggish though and occasionally you can anticipate some supposedly surprising turns in the plot.<br /><br />The bonus here is cutie-pie Sandra Bullock which besides being cute (something she does quite easily apparently) also portrays a solid act. You can really feel her character -- her despair her emotions.<br /><br />In the bottom line the movie is entertaining and interesting rates about 7 from 10 in my scale. It's worth renting from the video library or even watching in the cinema. Whether to buy it or not is up to you.
critique4287 Four unhappy women leave dreary London to spend an ENCHANTED APRIL in a castle on the coast of Italy.<br /><br />Elizabeth von Arnim's novel comes alive in this charming little film which beautifully demonstrates the virtues of a literate script and ensemble acting. All the elements come together to produce a movie that although nearly forgotten now still produces a feeling of appreciation at the story's appropriate resolution.<br /><br />The actresses each acquit themselves splendidly. Ann Harding is the free-spirited wife longing for 'wisteria & tranquillity' far from foggy London. Katharine Alexander plays the quiet housewife wishing for the elegant responsibility of acting as hostess in the castle. Jane Baxter is the beautiful young noblewoman temporarily escaped from her throng of male admirers. Jessie Ralph steals every scene she's in as an old lady wanting only to be alone with her memories of the past.<br /><br />The men in the story are also well cast. As Miss Harding's husband Frank Morgan has a rather complex role as a mousy researcher who has a disturbing personality change when he becomes a successful writer. Reginald Owen as Miss Alexander's spouse is marvelously pompous as a man well equipped to bore for England (his hilarious attempt to take an English bath in an Italian bathtub is made even funnier with the assistance of Charles Judels & Rafaela Ottiano as the castle's harried servants). Finally Ralph Forbes one of the decade's finest forgotten actors is joyously eccentric as the ladies' lighthearted landlord.<br /><br />Movie mavens will recognize an uncredited Ethel Griffies playing the proprietress of the Hampstead Housewives Club.
critique4288 First I must say that I don't speak spanish and usually do not enjoy spanish speaking films... BUT Two Coyotes is an exceptional film. There is enough action and hard drama that it doesn't matter that its a spanish speaking film. The subtitles were easy to read and didn't block the action - OR the drama!<br /><br />I would tell fans of spanish speaking films and non-fans of spanish speaking films to go see this movie. The action and drama are worth every penny.<br /><br />
critique4289 I was taken to this film by a friend and was sceptical about a Swedish film with subtitles. However I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of this beautiful film. The unnecessary cruelty that man is capable of was portrayed confidently without overwhelming images - although animal lovers may have to shield their eyes for a brief couple of seconds somewhere during the first 10 minutes. A traditional story of humility versus brutality and hope versus tragedy was illustrated from a satisfyingly fresh angle using a spectrum of characters with very natural flaws and features. I particularly liked how the film managed to address multiple aspects of hypocritical human behaviour that concern bias discrimination and sanctimonious pretence. An absolute gem of a film that I will promote to all who will listen.
critique4290 Any Way the Wind Blows is Tom Barmans (who is also know as front man of the rock formation 'dEUS') debut movie. Entirely shot in Antwerp (Belgium) the movie starts on a sunny friday morning and skips rather superficially between the events that fill the day of a dozen of main characters. When the movie ends you have a lot of stuff to think about because most of the different story-lines are left wide open.<br /><br />The movie has a (purely instrumental) sound track that will rock your socks off. In most scenes the music truly enhances the general atmosphere and feel really making the movie hallucinating to watch at certain points of time. The main scene in the film the party is very well shot.<br /><br />The director didn't hesitate to use video clip techniques having his main characters dancing on one of the best sound tracks I've heard lately.<br /><br />The screenplay is great stuff. Camera angles and colors are very well chosen. The 'costumes' are very hot and very 'seventies' too. And I loved (most of the) acting.<br /><br />The thing I liked most about the movie are the subtle touches of absurd surreal very dry or even cynical humor that interleave.<br /><br />Without claiming to be a comedy (this movie certainly is not a comedy but rather an alternative piece of art) it still manages to have its audience giggling and even burst into laughter at some times.<br /><br />This is one more directors' debut that shouldn't be an ending. I hope to see more Tom Barman movies in the future because I had a good time. Cheers.
critique4291 good job.that's how i would describe this animated Scooby-Doo adventure.this is so far the best of the animated Scooby movies i have seen.i liked the story.i thought it had some depth to to it.the movie is also well paced.it doesn't get boring for a minute.it also has an interesting group of characters(besides Scooby and Shaggy and the gangof course)plusthe movie was a real blast.i has a lot of fun watching it.i also liked the great Scottish music.it was very catchy and infectious.naturallywe know that Scooby and the Gamg will solve the mysterybut it's still fun getting to that point.the animation is also pretty good for this movie.i would love it if they did a 3D animation Scooby adventurebut we'll just have to wait and see.for meScooby-Doo and the Loch Ness monster is a 7/10
critique4292 The most amazing spiritually uplifting movie about the restoration of the gospel. Far better than any other film or movie made about the restoration thus far. If you haven't seen it hop on a plane to Salt Lake and see it now. You won't regret it! You truly get a sense of what the first saints had to struggle through putting complete and total faith in there prophet Joseph Smith. You finally get some sort of comprehension of the things the prophet had to fight through and the persecutions he and his people faced. If you have any questions about the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-days Saints and our humble beginnings just watch this movie it will make complete and total sense afterward.
critique4293 How many reviews of this film will I have to write before I get it right? Tom Conway fully inherits the mantle of the Falcon from his real-life brother George Sanders with this entry. Decked out in beautiful double-breasted single-buttoned drape-style suits and cruising in gorgeous 110%-steel cars with huge fender skirts and suicide doors that come up to your armpit Conway travels from New York to Miami to keep a formula for industrial diamonds from falling into the wrong hands. His "client" is lovely virginal Louisa Briganza who has got gorgeous hair but will let you only kiss her for the first two months. Along the way he runs into the type of colourful array of characters only a B movie could provide. His sidekick in this outing is perhaps best among Falcon sidekicks Edward Brophy as Goldie Locke who is given some really funny lines. He runs into sinister dish Doris Blanding the type of '40's chick that you know puts out. Her cohort is Benny played by Steve Brodie who twenty years later was a Presley punching bag in two Paramount King movies. They both work for cold fish and yachting-cap-wearing Kenneth Sutton ready to do what it takes to get the formula as he cruises his yacht to Brazil. Saddled with the stoniest Falcon-pursuing cops ever this entry still reigns supreme. Forget those 120 minute melodramas give me a 1 hour Falcon movie any day. I got a wife and two kids - who's got time for a two-hour movie? Shake up some dry martinis and forget your troubles with this great Falcon movie. But if you didn't tape it off local TV in Toronto like I did 17 years ago you're out of luck.
critique4294 Zachary Scott does what he does best i.e. plays a worm in "Danger Signal" a 1945 B movie also starring Faye Emerson Mona Freeman and Rosemary DeCamp. Scott plays a writer who kills women after he gets their money. On the lam from his last murder he rents a room in the home owned by the Fenchurch family Hilda (Emerson) and her mother (Mary Servoss). Scott throws himself at Emerson and she's dazzled. Mid-romance her younger sister Anne (Freeman) comes home from a medical treatment. When she mentions that she was Uncle Wade's favorite and he left her $25000 (big bucks by 1945 standards) Scott loses interest in poor Hilda and makes a play for Anne. Anne looks like Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm until she starts sneaking around with Scott - overnight she ages 10 years and becomes downright nasty to her sister. Finally getting the message that her tenant is no good Hilda calls in a psychiatrist (Rosemary DeCamp) to psyche him out and advise her.<br /><br />Psychological dramas were all the rage during and after World War II and Scott does an excellent job as a smooth sociopath. This was his forte - as a weak-willed sheriff in "Flamingo Road" he exhibited no real presence. As for two-timing we saw him do that in "Mildred Pierce" where he proved himself particularly good at it. Emerson is a bookish stenographer with her hair pushed off her face and her big glasses but after hours she's lovely and gives a strong performance. DeCamp was always an underrated actress - here she sports a soft German accent and is delightful.<br /><br />This is a highly entertaining film though a very routine story. The acting truly elevates it.
critique4295 I have to say that the events of 9/11 didn't hit me until I saw this documentary. It took me a year to come to grips with the devastation. I was the one who was changing the station on the radio and channel on TV if there was any talk about the towers. I was sick of hearing about it. When this was aired on TV a year and a day later I was bawling my eyes out. It was the first time I had cried since the attack. I highly recommend this documentary. I am watching it now on TV 5 years later and I am still crying over the tragedies. The fact that this contains one of the only video shots of the first plane hitting the tower is amazing. It was an accident and look where it got them. These two brothers make me want to have been there to help.
critique4296 This movie will not be considered for an academy award but if you enjoy a movie that doesn't take itself seriously and just wants the viewer to enjoy for ninety mins it is not a disappointment. You'll enjoy a send up of Darth Vader for the villain (the breather) a female Batman for the heroine (but much cuter with much less costume) and a running joke that involves cigarettes and the police captain that's very funny. Not by any means a great cinematic achievement. But if you enjoy campy fun it was worth a viewing. God help me I liked it.
critique4297 This film played in Lexington KY for 7 days. I saw it on the last day of its run & regretted that I could not recommend it to others because this is a film that cries out for the big screen experience. The aerial shot where the crowded ship pulls away from the equally crowded dock is a masterpiece as is the scene where the two lead characters flirt on deck--almost a ballet and sexier in its suggestiveness than so many more explicit films these days. I just cringe to think that more people won't have the opportunity to see this fine film in a theater; the DVD experience will not be the same. Here's an idea: if you live in a college town see if you can lobby for it to show up in a campus film festival.
critique4298 The questions and answers of the human spirit are all here in this masterfully crafted historical documentary. The shear beauty and horror of one mans walk through life are revealed in totality. Dieter and Herzog are combined and connected through a mental maze that has been transformed into a single straight hallway which the walls have been plastered with images created by one mans characterization of himself by the vibrations of his own vocal chords. This film for about 80 minutes have discovered a new dimension of storytelling. What do I call this apparently new sense. Only God knows after all isn't a MIRACLE something that God does for us but chooses to remain ANONYMOUS?<br /><br />This is a requirement to see. If you like to experience the lovely horror of war this documentary will cleanse your soul to the marrow.
critique4299 Women will like this movie better than men. Of course women like all romantic comedies more than men - on average. I generally like romantic comedies quite a bit however I considered this a 5.5 for the first 50% of the movie and about a 6.5 for the next 40% and about a 9 for the last 10%. So begrudgingly I will rate it a 7. I tape and keep all movies rated a 7 or better and none that are a 6 or worse - at least that's my objective. I have over 1200 movies so why keep the dogs.<br /><br />My wife liked this movie quite a bit more than me though I'm not sure why. I am a bigger Drew Barrymore fan than she is.<br /><br />The whole point of this movie was about a young woman who goes back to high school (undercover) to write a story about the high school experience nowadays. She was a dork in high school the first time around and has to learn how to be cool the second time around. Her journey toward cooldom as well as her falling in love with a teacher is the story.<br /><br />What drove me nuts for the first half the movie was just how mangy she looked. I wondered why they would pick her for this role until I realized how capable she is at looking like a dog. So much so that I truly don't think I want to see her in 15 years when she gets up in the morning. ARGH! Naturally she transformed into a rather attractive (cute) woman by the end and she became very popular.<br /><br />The ending is about a 9.9 on the very sweet scale so you sappers out there will like that. Otherwise it isn't very memorable and easily missable.
critique4300 This a lovely and charming epic fantasy with lots of heart. I got lost in this sweet film watching it at the Mann's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood. It's truly romantic with a touching message.The artwork and the effects are visually striking and the fact that the director is an amazing artist is so apparent. The frames are like watching moving art. It also has a strong and talented cast of actors. What a wonderful surprise to see Joss Ackland he is just a fairy-tale perfect King. Sarah Douglas is terrific as the villain and Christine Taylor and Tom Schultz make a lovely romantic pair. The fact that the movie was made on a ridiculously tiny indie film budget just blows me away. It may not be the slick Hollywood stuff we're inundated by but it's a really nice movie to rent and enjoy curled up on your sofa on a rainy Saturday. Don't forget the microwave popcorn. That's my advice. Just enjoy it.
critique4301 I'm sure that not many people outside of Australia have ever heard of the legend of Ned Kelly. I once saw a documentary about the man but that's the only time I once saw or heard anything about him. And I guess that this might be the biggest problem this movie will have to face. No-one knows anything about it and probably not many people will care about the subject.<br /><br />The movie tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. The Irish immigrant has lived in north-west Victoria all his life but has never been very welcome by the authorities. The police always accuses him of everything they can think of and they keep harassing his family. When Kelly is fed up with the way everything goes he forms a gang with his brother and two other men. They start robbing banks and even hijack an entire town for 3 days. All this violence leads to a man hunt organized by the police and when they kill three policemen they are outlawed. Finally they take over a pub in Glenrowan where they have a party with all the visitors waiting for a train full of police to derail at a part of the track that they tore up. But the train is able to stop in time because someone warns them and what will follow is a battle on life and death between the police and the four gunmen...<br /><br />It's very hard to tell whether all of what is shown in the movie is true or false. I guess nobody really knows because there will always be two camps who will each tell their own truth: one camp says he was a hero some kind of Robin Hood the others will say he was an ordinary criminal a murderer and a thief. I really couldn't tell you which of them is right perhaps both are but what I can tell you is that the facts in the movie as well as is the documentary were about the same.<br /><br />This movie was a nice addition to the documentary I once saw and I really enjoyed the performances of all the actors. Heath Ledger Orlando Bloom Naomi Watts Geoffrey Rush are all actors who are pretty well known but even the lesser known actors show in this production that they all know what good acting should look like. I really enjoyed this movie and I give it a 7.5/10
critique4302 The director Ramin Niami delivers the goods with Somewhere in the City. This hilarious farce I believe is in the tradition of a Mel Brooks comedy. Niami pokes fun at New York society by creating the believable eccentric and tragic characters of one tenement apartment building bringing them to life from the very opening one shots that introduce them. Peter Stormare's performance as a gay Shakespearean actor is absolutely award worthy and the film in general does a good job at showing the hopelessness and laugh-ability of self-centered ambition. Sandra Bernhard is cast perfectly as the straight self-obsessed therapist. I really enjoyed Sandra's performance immensely especially since I haven't really been a very big fan until now. Bai Ling Ornella Muti and Bulle Ogier round out an international ensemble par excellence. I loved the scene with Robert John Burke and his gang of idiot criminals who couldn't plan a robbery if their lives depended on it. With a cameo appearance by Mayor Ed Koch and a solid performance by Paul Anthony Stewart the revolutionary momma's boy Somewhere in the City entertains without missing a beat.
critique4303 I once caught about a 20 minute portion of this movie on Turner Classic Movies about 6 months back. I thought every minute of what I was watching was gold and because it was somewhere in the film's middle and I didn't want to spoil the whole thing if I were to watch it from the start I decided that I would rent it immediately. Well the video store which I frequent did not have a copy so it took me six months to finally go somewhere else and rent it. I had previous to that experience only seen some Chaplin shorts funny but not greatly artful but after I saw the snippet of The Great Dictator I checked out three of his other films City Lights The Gold Rush and Modern Times (City Lights was great I found the Gold Rush a little overrated but still worthwhile and I found Modern Times to be one of the funniest films I've ever seen (second funniest behind Keaton's Sherlock Jr. more exactly).<br /><br />Finally the whole of the Great Dictator. Well to be honest it had its moments both of comedy and of drama. But these moments don't always mix well. Chaplin's comedy worked well when mixed with melodrama (City Lights is the best example of this) but it didn't always work with social commentary. Plus the fact that there was dialogue lessened the impressiveness of Chaplin's talent. Don't get me wrong I liked the movie as a whole but I thought it of little consequence. I would have given it a solid 7/10 on the ratings scale...if not for the ending. The final speech that the Jewish barber gives is enormously powerful. Yes it is adressed to the tempora et mores of 1940 but his message is perfectly applicable to the world today. The speech brought me to tears and I consider it one of the best endings I've ever seen. Final score: 8/10.
critique4304 I really enjoyed "Doctor Mordrid". This is a low-budget film which may be off-putting to some but I have no problem with it. I admire it even more for that considering it's WAY more entertaining than the drivel that Hollywood churns out every year. Too bad this didn't get a theatrical release; I don't know about anyone else but I would have went to see it in theatres. `Doctor Mordrid' is a very entertaining science fiction film that just about anyone can enjoy especially if they're into sci-fi like I am. I don't see why this is a R-rated film; only one f-word is said and there are no gruesome death scenes nor is there any blood at all. The timeless rivalry between sorcerers Anton and Kabal (Anton wanted the use his powers to save the human race while Kabal wanted to enslave them) gave the story a sense of enchantment while the mythical plotline added charm to the story itself. Basically this a film that's just plain fun to watch. There is one unintentionally funny thing in this movie though: seeing Jeffrey Combs keeping a straight face while wearing that silly blue cape and suit. That makes me laugh every time I see it. But I digress... Anyway the acting is great; the main protagonists (Anton and his lady friend Samantha) are very likable; Anton is sympathetic and hospitable and Samantha is friendly. Plus the settings were wonderful. The floating island in the other dimension was very cool setting; we're only given a glimpse of it twice though; it would have been great to see more scenes take place here. The main setting was also very neat; Anton's apartment is very roomy and he has some cool devices especially the monitoring system he uses to keep track of the world's occurrences. He even has a pet raven that he keeps in his apartment named Edgar. Overall this a great film; it was fun to watch and the main actors put a lot of feeling into their roles. If you can find anywhere that rents `Doctor Mordrid' you should rent it (or in my case buy it. It was definitely money well-spent)!<br /><br />My Rating: 8 stars out of ten.<br /><br />
critique4305 Betty is as an understudy in a production of Verdi's Macbeth who is asked to go on when the diva is hurt in a car accident. However in the grand tradition of "The Scottish Play" the production seems cursed with problems not least of which is some madman slicing up the crew. Unfortunately for Betty the killer seems to have special plans for her ...<br /><br />This is one of several must-see Argento mad-slasher flicks in this instance primarily for the extraordinary photography by the great British cameraman Ronnie Taylor. I haven't measured it but I reckon around two-thirds of the shots in this film involve either pans dollies tracking or cranes - the sheer amount of camera movement is just astonishing and makes the movie ten times more exciting than a standard thriller. The imagery is wild and dizzying - closeups of the heroine's eyes forced open with nails a swooping glide around an opera house from a raven's point of view shots of the killer's brain squirming a bullet fired through a peephole a swallowed chain dug out of a victim's trachea. Conceptually it's just amazing and could only be realised by this director. The movie isn't without some shortcomings though; the cast are variable at best - Marsillach and Barberini are both a bit shaky (and his dubbing in the English version is appalling even by Italian standards) although Argento regular Nicolodi is fun and Charleson gives a thoughtful performance in a role that is more than a little autobiographical (a horror director much maligned for his remoteness and reliance on technique). The material is a nice three-way mix of The Phantom Of The Opera Shakespeare and slasher flick scripted by Argento and his usual collaborator Franco Ferrini with shifty suspects galore and the usual disdain for boring expository scenes to explain what's actually going on. Full of all sorts of different music - Brian Eno Claudio Simonetti Bill Wyman Puccini and of course Verdi. The scenes in the beautiful opera-house were shot at the Teatro Regio in Parma. For some bizarre reason the UK print of this movie has the alternative title Terror At The Opera.
critique4306 This was the first televised episode of the Columbo series (although it was filmed after "Death Lends a Hand")and it heralded one of the most successful TV series in history.<br /><br />Jack Cassidy (who played the murderer in the series three times) enthuses smugness arrogance and self-assuredness in equal measure here as Ken Franklin one half of a mystery writing team who hatches an elaborate plot to kill off his partner Jim Ferris (played by Martin Milner) who decides to terminate their professional relationship leaving Franklin exposed as merely a good publicist rather than a prolific writer.<br /><br />The initial murder set-up is fantastic and Cassidy's performance facilitates an arguable accolade that he was the best Columbo murderer in the series.<br /><br />Peter Falk is wonderfully understated in his role as Columbo and the character's inherent traits and oddities which are underlined by a seeming slowness and absent-mindedness contrast particularly well with Cassidy's character's extreme smugness: one of their early scenes together where Ken Franklin fabricates a motive for the killing through Jim Ferris's non-existent expo-see of identifying hit-men operating in the underworld exemplifies this very well. Franklin hints to Columbo this potential motive and Columbo (purposely or ignorantly) fails to latch on forcing Franklin to express his disappointment in a markedly patronising manner and compare him unfavourably with the detective in the books Mrs. Melville.<br /><br />Also noteworthy is the early directorial contribution of 24 year old Steven Spielberg. Notwithstanding some elementary inclusions of cameras shadowing the actors and actresses he adds some stylish and elaborate touches to uphold the general professionalism of the episode. One particularly stark image is of Jim Feriss's dead body lying on the settee almost dark in the foreground as Ken Franklin raises a glass to him in the background after he finishes answering a phone call to Ferris's distraught wife. I have no doubt that working to a restrictive 10-14 day schedule Spieberg's efforts should not be underestimated.<br /><br />Unfortunately the event of the second murder necessitated by a blackmailing scheme which is plotted by a female friend of Franklin's (and ironically referred to as "sloppy" by Columbo in his climatic summing up) takes the steam out of the whole thing. The cutting edge of the plot is compromised and the screen-time between Falk and Cassidy inexcusably lessens at this point to perhaps help the script-writer (Stephen Bocho) out of a tight corner since he cannot singularly develop the story without another murder.<br /><br />The climax is the most disappointing aspect of this episode. The initial banter and exchange of words between Falk and Cassidy is strongly and effectively executed but it merely advertises the fact that it should have happened more in the episode. The main aggravation lies with the sealing clue (if it can be called a clue): Cassidy's character's hitherto smugness and arrogance is amazingly expelled by a clue that really does little to imply his guilt; and once this is mentioned he capitulates in a rather unspectacular and uncharacteristic fashion.<br /><br />All in all a bold opening to the series which inevitably advertises and foretells all that is good about Columbo and conversely the problems associated with such ingenuity i.e maintaining the high standards and particularly creating a credible and suitably intelligent ending.
critique4307 One of the more enjoyable aspects of Asian cinema (or indeed most anything done outside these holier-than-thou United States) are the permutations that crop up. In post-World War Two Japanese manga (comics) for instance are to be found a veritable endless variety of subjects many of them handled in uniquely imaginative fashion. The same thing happens in genre film-making as well; though again I'm referring to movies made outside the U.$. (where we're just too "sophisticated" in our close-mindedness to appreciate anything that isn't about or by US). Would an American company for instance back not one but a series of movies featuring a masked professional wrestler (El Santo) or a werewolf (Paul Naschy) or a real-life martial artist (Bruce Lee)...? As for television: forget it. While I still love the KUNG FU series that starred the late David Carradine I've always felt that the Americanized version of Asian martial arts was- how to put it kindly- a bit lacking. To this very day there hasn't been a pay-per-view channel to feature Asian martial artists playing Asian martial artists in Asia. (There are lots of soft-core porn masquerading as entertainment shows but the so-called Action Channel for instance has yet to import or to produce a True Martial Arts teleseries.) Before Brother Cadfile was investigating murders on the BBC there was of all things at least one Kung Fu movie that featured a group of martial artists more or less involved in a murder mystery: THE 5 DEADLY VENOMS. In its own right as fascinating as any other genre-based whodunit (western cop show etc.) this martial arts masterpiece stands out as a truly superior piece of work. It's now available from Dragon Dynasty and the print is beautiful and the DVD commentary by Bey Logan is EXACTLY the kind of intelligent thoughtful analysis these gems truly deserve. If you're a martial arts movie fan rejoice: one of the greatest movie genres of all time (specifically the martial arts movies of the 1970s and early 1980s) are getting a long-overdue second life (and greatly appreciated second look) on DVD.
critique4308 Charles McDougall's resume includes directing episodes on 'Sex and the City' 'Desperate Housewives' Queer as Folk' 'Big Love' 'The Office' etc. so he comes with all the credentials to make the TV film version of Meg Wolitzer's novel SURRENDER DOROTHY a success. And for the most part he manages to keep this potentially sappy story about sudden death of a loved one and than manner in which the people in her life react afloat.<br /><br />Sara (Alexa Davalos) a beautiful unmarried young woman is accompanying her best friends - gay playwright Adam (Tom Everett Scott) Adam's current squeeze Shawn (Chris Pine) and married couple Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) with their infant son - to a house in the Hamptons for a summer vacation. The group seems jolly until a trip to the local ice creamery by Adam and Sara) results in an auto accident which kills Sara. Meanwhile Sara's mother Natalie Swedlow (Diane Keaton) who has an active social life but intrusively calls here daughter constantly with the mutual greeting 'Surrender Dorothy' is playing it up elsewhere: when she receives the phone call that Sara is dead she immediately comes to the Hamptons where her overbearing personality and grief create friction among Sara's friends. Slowly but surely Natalie uncovers secrets about each of them thriving on talking about Sara as though doing so would bring her to life. Natalie's thirst for truth at any cost results in major changes among the group and it is only through the binding love of the departed Sara that they all eventually come together.<br /><br />Diane Keaton is at her best in these roles that walk the thread between drama and comedy and her presence holds the story together. The screenplay has its moments for good lines but it also has a lot of filler that becomes a bit heavy and morose making the actors obviously uncomfortable with the lines they are given. Yes this story has been told many times - the impact of sudden death on the lives of those whose privacy is altered by disclosures - but the film moves along with a cast pace and has enough genuine entertainment to make it worth watching. Grady Harp
critique4309 In America the Jewish Jonathan Safran Foer (Elijah Wood) collects personal belongings of his family for recollection. A few moments before dying his grandmother gives an old photograph of his grandfather with a woman called Augustine in Ukraine. Jonathan contacts the Odessa Heritage Tours a family agency in Ukraine to guide him to the location where the picture had been taken to find Augustine and together with the interpreter Alex (Eugene Hutz) his grandfather and a weird dog they travel in an old car searching the missing past of Jonathan's family.<br /><br />"Everything Is Illuminated" is a strange movie about a weird young man with the compulsive behavior of collecting souvenirs from his family to not forget them that seeks the past of his grandfather to understand how could be his life if his grandfather had not moved to USA. This bizarre vegetarian character meets a dysfunctional Ukrainian family that owns an amateurish travel agency specialized in helping Jews to find missing relatives and together they have an almost surrealistic road-trip through the country of Ukraine. The movie begins like a comedy with a sarcastic black humor and ends in a touching and tragic drama recommended for specific audiences. My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Uma Vida Iluminada" ("An Illuminated Life")
critique4310 Along with "Brothers & Sisters" "Six Degrees" was one of my favorite new dramas of fall 2006. <br /><br />Great cast all around but really enjoyed the work of Campbell Scott (the come-back photog) and Hope Davis (recent widow of journalist killed in Iraq).<br /><br />Aside from the acting the writing was fresh and the acting superb. The show was also shot in NYC the real city not the Warner Bros. or some other studio's backlot adding a secondary layer or realism. <br /><br />I guess people are more interested in the latest "Survivor" and other reality garbage. Too bad it didn't last.
critique4311 when the gilmore girls started in Germany i did not want to watch them because for me it was just something which was not unique. it was a series and i even did not know someone in it. later on i realized that edward hermann is part of the cast of overboard (a movie i absolutely adore). i had to watch it once with a friend and never stopped since. it's just fun. you have the feeling that it is okay to have sex before being married and it's okay to be a coffee junkie and to eat unhealthy stuff all the time. i do not do these things all the time but when i do these things i feel a little bit like a gilmore girl. even my boyfriend started to watch them and that tells something. from season to season it got better with the scripts and the stories. they have a open mind and by being different from every other show you want to be like them.
critique4312 Great job! Was very exciting and had great stunts. A show that really rocked. Was a great job by all who worked on this one; and especially the acting on Bobbie Phillips' part. This would have been great on the big screen. Would like to see more of these movies of the week or perhaps a weekly series. This was great entertainment and am glad I watched! By far the best of the three. Keep up the good work UPN and Bobbie Phillips. I'll be looking for the next one.
critique4313 There were times when this movie seemed to get a whole lot more complicated than it needed to be but I guess that's part of it's charm. Detective Philo Vance's powers of observation seem greater than all the Oriental sleuths of the era combined when it comes down to that final evaluation of how the murders were committed. The dropping of the dagger into the Chinese vase was the kicker for me; I mean couldn't somebody have just dropped it? <br /><br />Vance (William Powell) had a line early in the film about Archer Coe's 'psychological impossibility' to kill himself - I had to think about that for a while. I was left wondering if there's some scientific basis in fact for that concept to be true not having studied psychology myself. Seems logical but then there's always the case that doesn't fit the rules.<br /><br />You know I got a kick out of the agitated coroner (Etienne Girardot) who reminded me of Star Trek's Dr. McCoy the couple of times he stated "I'm a doctor not a magician" and "I'm a doctor not a detective". I can picture DeForrest Kelley watching the film and saying to himself - 'I'll have to use that sometime'.<br /><br />Once the killer's identity is revealed it doesn't seem like such a big surprise but up till then it's really anybody's guess. But Archer and Brisbane Coe aside the film didn't answer the central question posed by the title and the murder I was really interested in - who killed Sir Thomas MacDonald's dog Ghillie?
critique4314 French Cancan is one of my favorite all time movies. It's an excellent film. There's color there's humor there's music. It's a very good portrait of the so called Belle ÃƒÂ‰poque though Jean Renoir's priorities were always to show a creation a fantasie. So the film isn't a historical movie. The final sequences in which the girls dance cancan are unforgettable images. It's a film you shouldn't miss.
critique4315 Jack Palance(John Witting) was usually a bad guy in most of his films and in this film he showed his great acting talents above and beyond my expectations. John Witting unexpectedly returns to his son's farm after years and years of separation. Christopher Walken(Jacob) has a hard time trying to accept his father's appearance after he spent the night in the family barn. Jacob's son and younger daughter greet their new grandpa and accept him just as he is a very old man at the end of his ropes. Glenn Close(Sarah Witting) delves into the character of John Witting and starts to bring out the truth about what happened to him during his years of absence from the family. This is a very warm and loving down to earth film about real events that happen in most families for generations to come and go.
critique4316 I saw this movie alone when i was an early teen in my hometown in India at a time when the only thing that fascinated me aside from girls were Tigers. I came home after watching it with a glazed look in my eye wanting to be that bloke in the movie that befriended the Tigers. What a movie and what a moment that was! The theatre I saw it in does not exist any and has given way to a shopping mall. I don't know how i'd feel about it now after so many years and do not want to spoil a childhood memory by finding this movie available on DVD or something similar and not finding it interesting anymore. I have learned from previous experience that a childhood memory is often tarnished when one travels life's jaded highways occasionally trying to rediscover their unadulterated past by way of movies only to find its gushing innocence completely soppy and not welcome anymore. And I do not want to throw away the experiences of a memory of this movie into the wind. I do not have kids so i probably am being selfish in leaving this movie in a sepia toned area of my brain not wanting it on DVD. But if you are at a precocious age and want to recollect in later years memories of an endearing childhood try to watch this film(if you can ever). It'll be really worth it.
critique4317 Zu:The warriors from magic mountain was and is an impressive classic! You never would have guessed it was made in 1983. Tsui Hark's use of special effects was very creative and inventive. (He continued doing this in the Chinese Ghost Story trilogy and later productions.) Even now it can measure up to other movies in this genre. "Legend of Zu" is connected to "Zu"warriors from magic mountain"! It is not necessary to have seen this movie to understand the plot of this one. The plot is a bit hard to follow. But to be honest it doesn't matter. It is all about the action and adventure! I always was wondering what Tsui Hark would do if he got his hands on CGI. Now we knowhe made this movie. Maybe it sometimes is too much but the overall result is so beautiful that I am not going to be critical about that. There is so much happening on the screenyou simply won't believe! I think it is a big shame that this movie wasn't shown in theaters here in Holland. Because this movie is screaming for screen time in cinemas! This movie easily can beat big budget Hollywood productions like "Superman Returns" or Xmen 3. The only thing I do have to mention is the lack of humor! In most of Tsui Harks's movies he combines dramafantasymartial arts and humor. Somehow it is missing in this movie. Again I am not going to be picky about these small matters. "Legend of Zu" delivers on the action front with the most beautiful special effects you will see. A true classic!
critique4318 This film captured my heart from the very beginning when hearing Quincy Jones' first notes or seeing the wonderful color of purple of the flowers in the meadows. This is truly a film to cry and die for...! The whole cast gives the best performance in a film I've seen in years and Spielberg has really outdone himself! Whoppi Goldberg Margaret Avery Oprah Winfrey(oh lord!) Danny Glover and the others all give us their best and you can feel it - almost touch it! Goldberg IS Celie she gives her that insecurity and feeling of inferiority that is needed for the character and we grow with her we grow strong together with her throughout the movie and we triumph with her. Margaret Avery is wonderful as Shug Avery even when she's at her most arrogant and shows us that "sinners" indeed "have souls too". The always sympathetic charming Danny Glover makes a marvellous job at making people hate him and the magnificent music of(I'd say sir)Quincy Jones adds even more beauty to this splendid film! The photography the music the director and the music makes this beautiful soulful movie into an experience of life. You don't want to miss it! "Sista'...remember my name..."
critique4319 Quite a ways away from "Go Fish". Both were good films but Troche had a bigger budget and cast to work with here. This film was very entertaining and easy to like. The acting was good lots of slow burn sexual tension.<br /><br />
critique4320 This movie was released originally as a soft "X" apparently with the explicit sex deleted. Later the producers "relented" (smelled money) and re-released it with the excised scenes restored (apparently only about 3 minutes). I guess since Kristine was of age it was held against her and her promising career came grinding to a halt. I guess its all in the timing (witness Pam Anderson's career)--but Ronald Reagan was in charge during Kristine's debacle (we had not heard about Nancy Reagan's affairs) Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinski were in full swing during Pam's "coming out".<br /><br />The sex is just icing on the cake both version satisfy. This naughty musical is way above similar of others that were released at the same time.
critique4321 Saw this movie on its release and have treasured it since. What a wonderful group of actors (I always find the casting one of the most interesting aspects of a film). Really enjoyed seeing dramatic actress Jacqueline Bisset in this role and Wallace Shawn is always a hoot. The script is smart sly and tongue-in-cheek poking fun at almost everything "Beverley Hills". Loved Paul Bartel's "doctor" and Ray Sharkey's manservant. This was raunchy and crude but thank god! Unless you're a prude I heartily recommend this movie. FYI for anyone who likes to play six degrees of Kevin Bacon Mary Woronov & Paul Bartel were in "Rock & Roll High School". Mary Woronov and Robert Beltran were in "Night of the Comet" together. They were all three in "Eating Raoul".
critique4322 There are one or two other Shemp-era shorts I like more (i.e. SCRAMBLED BRAINS) but I think one can say--without much argument--that in this particular episode Shemp gives his greatest comedic performance as a stooge after rejoining the team in 1946.<br /><br />Scene for scene this episode hardly lets up: from Professor Shemp Howard's voice lessons with the glass-shattering Dee Green to his futile attempts to win a dame's hand in marriage (this is your little snookums... will you marry me *click*) to the uproarious finish it never fails to keep me in stitches.<br /><br />I would be remiss not mention that immortal scene with Miss Hopkins (the always lovely Christine McIntyre). Btw isn't she rather under-dressed and over amorous in greeting the man she thinks is her 'Cousin' Basil? Who knows maybe the actual Basil was a "very" distant cousin which makes it legal in some states (as far as I know). >:-
critique4323 In Landscape after the Battle Andrzej Wajda in the second era of his filmmaking career depicts emotional and psychological confusion in a former Nazi-prison in Poland freed immediately after the WWII.<br /><br />A hand-held camera explores a lot of extreme close-ups and vivid colors. The end credit as graffiti on flanks of freight train cars symbolically concludes the film. The soundtrack is great except Vivaldi which sounds tacky in pop-art fashion in the opening sequence.
critique4324 I think this movie is a very funny film and one of the best 'National Lampoon's' films it also has a very catchy spoof title which basically sums up what the whole movie is about.... Men In White!!!! The story is a spoof of many films including a Will Smith film as you might have guessed 'Men In Black'. I will not give the ending away but it has a very good ending in is very funny (Leslie Nielsen style humour) from start to finish especially the bit near the beginning when thy are in the street collecting the dustbins (Garbage Cans). Also they have a pretty cool dustbin lorry (Garbage Collecting Truck) in that scene too. The acting is not superb actually it is not very good but that is what makes the film funny it is a comedy loosen up!! I love the story line partly because it is so far fetched and partly because it is interesting to see how subtle (Or should it be Un-subtle) they rip off all the other films. I am great fan of un-serious spoof films but i am also a fan of the real thing and with this films it is hard to decide which is better the film it mainly rips off (mentioned earlier i this review) or the actual film it is but also when you are actually making a spoof of comedy films it actually makes it even harder but this film carries it off successfully. The two garbage men are so funny it reminds me of a TV sketch show in the UK called 'Little Britain'. This film is a must for your collection and is one of the best most entertaining funniest best storyline National Lampoon's film to date!!
critique4325 I just saw "Of Human Bondage" for the first time a few days ago and WOW! What a mysterious and almost spooky film. I loved how the music went with the pace of each step of Philip's feet. It gave me the chills for some reason...<br /><br />One of the greatest aspects of this film is that you get to see Bette Davis coming into herself right before your eyes. She's great not necessarily because this is her best work but because it was so out of the ordinary to be so vicious gritty and unflinching as an actress in 1934... Bette was a risk taker always wanting to be different and this is right about when she started to realize that she could be as nasty and daring as she wanted and people would love her for it. If you're a true lover of film it's amazing to see...<br /><br />She just had a way of delivering a line that made the part and the film for that matter belong to her. Like "A mass of music and fire. That's me...an old kazoo and some sparklers" or "But you are Blanche you are in that chair!" or "WITH ALL MY HEART I STILL LOVE THE MAN I KILLED!!"... Those are from a few of her films but you get my drift. She was just so brave sassy and exotic looking with those beautiful big eyes. After seeing this I can't believe it was remade twice...<br /><br />Leslie Howard was gorgeous...so calm and persistent needing to be loved. I thought he was adorable and couldn't understand how everyone wasn't falling for him but then again everyone was...except Mildred. He did a great job...<br /><br />The only thing that I didn't like was something that was common with the writing in the early films. They'd make a character so hateful that it's almost unbelievable that someone would actually fall for them in the first place. The performances were great but in real life Philip would have never been interested in Mildred. That's just the simple truth... See it!!
critique4326 This British documentary was recently shown on Comedy Central during their "Best ofÃ‚Â…" week and can also be seen on South Park's second season DVD. I remember seeing many commercials for the DVD showing clips of this documentary most of which occurs with Matt Stone Trey Parker and some other guy in a hot tub. It was funny when I saw it in the commercials but I was used to seeing it by the time I saw the actual documentary.<br /><br />Overall "Goin' Down to South Park" is a fairly funny and interesting look at how South Park episodes are made and of the series' history going back to when Matt and Trey came up with the idea in college. However there was something about the tone of this documentary that actually felt sort of depressing. It's not as fast-paced rapid-fire and as lively as the actual South Park episodes. Instead it kind of has a slow dry-wit style which at times can be funny but most of the time you're just waiting for something to happen. If you get the chance to watch it by all means go for it but I don't think you're really missing much if you never see it.<br /><br />My IMDb Rating: 7/10
critique4327 From the first to the last scene of the movie director Visconti excels at his art to the extent that the movie is ensured to remain as a cultural treasure for only God knows how long. It is perfection - as a movie that is but the story has some minor shortcomings.<br /><br />Thomas Mann's novel is also a perfect piece of art so of course it is impossible to bring into another media. Visconti follows the story pretty much and it is only when he allows himself to deviate slightly that the transition falters. And no matter how wonderful the scenery is the tension in the air between the characters the hundreds of subtle signals and allegories the almost unbearably heightened serving of Mahler's music - still the minute anomalies in the plot disturb me.<br /><br />Maybe I'm just a victim of man's desire to flaw the flawless. Nevertheless I will offer one example which I regard as crucial.<br /><br />WARNING: SPOILERS<br /><br />In Mann's story Aschenbach eats the strawberries which probably contain the disease that will kill him after giving up his frustrated chase of the boy Tadzio in Venice. Unable to catch one delight he settles for another - which poisons him. It is very subtle in the book but it is there. The forbidden fruit of sorts but more a sign of him surrendering life itself.<br /><br />In Visconti's film he also eats strawberries but in a rather insignificant scene by the beach. The chase in Venice ends in a much more melodramatic way. It works too but lacks some subtlety indeed and also the multi-layered symbolism giving food for thought.<br /><br />But that's all forgiven when the film allows us to feast on beautiful sceneries faces and constellations and certainly as many other symbols as we can possibly digest - the last gesture of Tadzio standing in the water being the equally sublime and mysterious finale.
critique4328 Loosely intended as a satire of D.W. Griffith's Intolerance The Three Ages was Buster Keaton's first attempt at a full length comedy feature. The only similarities to Intolerance are the opening "book" scene and the fact that similar stories through the ages are edited together into a complete film. Keaton's reasoning for appropriating this style was that if it didn't succeed as a feature film it could be reduced to three two-reelers. Fortunately The Three Ages succeeds brilliantly as a comedy and contains some of the funniest routines I've seen in any of Keaton's film. There is nothing unique or daring about the story lines. They are simple boy-meets-girl boy-loses-girl boy-gets-girl plots but the period satires are riotous and set the standard for future works by Mel Brooks and all films of this genre. However I don't believe that anyone has ever topped this comedy. No one can play the lovable goof like Keaton and the stunts in this film are some of his best. In addition Wallace Beery's appearance as Keaton's rival adds to this film's appeal. Anyone who thinks that comedy from the 1920's cannot be appreciated by modern audiences needs to see this movie.
critique4329 This film makes several nods to various science fiction films. The prologue reminds me of the one for the original theatrical version of THX-1138 (the trailer for BUCK ROGERS here it was clips from some early Japanese SF TV show). Then the opening shot of the city in 2345 has the dragon blip flying overhead with a billboard reminding one immediately of BLADERUNNER. The BLADERUNNER aspect comes even<br /><br />more pronounced when we meet the hero who is called a Replicant (He is blond haired and is called Ryo a homage to Roy Batty Rutger Hauer's character in BLADERUNNER?). A battle scene soon ensues which reminds one immediately of THE MATRIX. The government forcing the population to take drugs is like THX-1138 and the chief enforcer while looks like a cross between Elvis and Dan Ackroyd turns out to be a robot very much like the TERMINATOR. The end battle reminds one of TERMINATOR 2 and the end result is hilarious. Probably not one of the best SF films out there but is enjoyable certainly a lot more enjoyable than tripe like BATTLEFIELD EARTH.
critique4330 This movie had no parts that were hilarious mostly just average funny units but it did not have any parts that were really bad either. The worst part was the voice of Sid. His slothy slur was just too much for me. By about 5 minutes in I was sick of hearing him talk. Aside from the annoying sloth voice the movie was good. There were numerous side jokes which if you catch them make the movie much better. This is a good movie for kids. It has enough in it to keep adults content and enough in it to entertain kids. This one is definitely worth renting if you have kids and want to watch a movie with them.
critique4331 An imagination is a terrible thing to waste ... especially when you have talented actors. Writer/Director Jones wastes no time in siding the viewer with his protagonist. <br /><br />Anyone who has shared an apartment with a slob will be crying with laughter. Anyone who has arrived while a meter maid places a ticket on your windshield will just plain cry. We've all wanted to rip a terrible toupee off a man's head. These are only snippets of what's in store when watching "Cross Eyed" a heartfelt film that should be a stepping stone for Jones and his wry sense of humor both in front and behind the camera.
critique4332 Okay I saw this movie as a child and really loved it. My parents never purchased the movie for me but I think I'll go about and buy it now. I'm a sucker for pre-2000 animated films. Anyway onto the actual review.<br /><br />WHAT I LIKED: There was an actual portrayal of heaven and hell one of the few I've seen in animated films. Character development existed! It's easy to classify characters in this movie (i.e.: Charlie is the selfish mutt Itchy is cynical but believes Charlie Carface is obviously the relentless villain etc.). I also loved King Gator's song. I've always loved loud annoying flamboyant guys. This song may have been random but it was so fun. Finally the detail of the animation was beautiful. You could tell Charlie was all gruff and stuff and the backgrounds were beautiful.<br /><br />WHAT I DID NOT LIKE: The actual portrayal of heaven: The way Charlie reacted to it "no surprises whatsoever" made it actually seem very boring. He denied a place in heaven and STILL got to return to it in the end. I remember a few lines of certain songs such as "... you can't keep a good dog down" "... let's make music forever" and "... welcome to being dead" but I can't remember the majority of any of them. The songs weren't that catchy to be honest. Whippet Angel: She's annoying and that NECK! AUGH!<br /><br />WHAT PARENTS MAY NOT LIKE: A few very scary (depending on the viewer) images of Hell are shown during the movie. Carface is quite threatening. Beer is also implied but not actually DUBBED beer. Gambling is a key element in the movie. The good guy dies.<br /><br />OVERALL: I LOVE this movie even if it is a bit forgettable at times. The scarier children's animations are always my favorite ones. This was created back in a time when producers and writers weren't afraid to give kids a little scare now and then. Nowadays this probably would have been rated PG. Kids under the age of 8 (or easily disturbed kids) should not watch this. Other than that I give it 9/10. :)<br /><br />Happy Viewing!
critique4333 Two city guys are driving through Hicksville USA when a rusty monster truck suddenly appears and repeatedly attempts to run them off the road.Having picked up a mysterious blonde hitchhikerthey pull up at a truck-stop full of redneck amputeesone of whom warns them of 'the demon out there'. But they don't listen.Big mistake!"Monster Man" by Michael Davis mixes comedy with horror surprisingly well.The film borrows heavily from "Duel""The Blair Witch Project""Jeepers Creepers" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre".The story is pretty sillybut there is enough gore and violence to keep splatter freaks happy.I enjoyed especially the performance of Justin Urichwhich offers the film its comedy relief.Still the complete lack of suspense is hard to forgive.Give this one a chanceif you have some time to waste.7 out of 10.Did I mention that Aimee Brooks is sexy?
critique4334 In the process of trying to establish the audiences' empathy with Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) the filmmakers slander the North and the Jayhawkers. Missouri never withdrew from the Union and the Union Army was not an invading force. The Southerners fought for State's Rights: the right to own slaves elect crooked legislatures and judges and employ a political spoils system. There's nothing noble in that. The Missourians could have easily traveled east and joined the Confederate Army.<br /><br />It seems to me that the story has nothing to do with ambiguity. When Jake leaves the Bushwhackers it's not because he saw error in his way he certainly doesn't give himself over to the virtue of the cause of abolition.
critique4335 Jaded takes on the complex question of abuse: the perpetrators and the victims. In lesser hands it would have degenerated into an erotic thriller made for direct-to-video. This director however has managed to pull off a textured multi-layered study with a decidedly different point of view.<br /><br />Given the fact that the director/writer is a woman and the main detective and D.A. are also women this could have turned into a very anti-male film. It is not. To be a sexual predator IS gender neutral. The nudity of this film is not erotic. The rape is brutal not sexual. We are looking at victims and not titillation.<br /><br />The gifted cast rings true. For a film that is so little known I was surprised at the quality of the performances. They are good. Carla Gugino and Rya Kihlstedt are incredible.<br /><br />Somehow this film got lost. Perhaps it is too smart for its own good. It is a "should see". Highly recommend. A thinking person's sexual thriller.
critique4336 I knew next to nothing about this movie until I chanced to rent it. It was a very pleasant surprise. The cast is excellent including Matthau whom I do not normally care for. He makes a credible romantic lead. Hawn is a sweet kook and Bergman is touching as a woman coming out of her shell.
critique4337 Another attempt by modern Japanese directors to redefine the chambara genre. Successful and not in varying degrees.<br /><br />Buddhist monk has a vision that he is to slay a legendary (and very active) demon at the Gojoe bridge in order to attain enlightenment. While not at the forefront Buddhist thought is at the heart of this movie much like Kurosawa's "Ran". It probably what made the movie the most interesting to me although it's nowheres near "Ran's" league. <br /><br />Stylish visual direction and excellent photography keep the movie mostly interesting throughout the two hour and eighteen minute length. The lead actors are uniformly excellent. The music is really good. The two weaknesses are the story and the fight scenes. The movie drags in the middle which could have been fixed by some prudent editing. And the fight scenes are mostly filmed in blurry close-ups. This works for most of the film but the finale feels like a cheat. Another recent film like this is Tsui Hark's "Seven Swords" great film but the promised fight scenes are disappointing. Asano really doesn't move like a sword wielding demon his acting is great but he would be an extra in a traditional chambara fight scene.<br /><br />Good movie you'll probably find it interesting just don't expect traditional sword fights.
critique4338 Having read some of the other comments here I was expecting something truly awful but was pleasantly surprised. REALITY CHECK: The original series wasn't that good. I think some people remember it with more affection than it deserved but apart from the car chases and Daisy Duke's legs the scripts were weak and poorly acted. The Duke boys were too intelligent and posh for backwood hicks the shrunken Boss Hog was too cretinous to be evil and Rosco was just hyper throughout every screen moment. It's amazing the series actually lasted as long as it did because it ran out of story lines during the first series.<br /><br />Back to the movie. If you watch this film in it's own right not as a direct comparison to however you remember the TV series then it's not bad at all. The real star is of course the General Lee. The car chases and stunts are excellent and that's really what D.O.H. is all about. Johnny Knoxville is his usual eccentric self and along with Seann William Scott as Cousin Bo the pair make this film really funny in a hilarious Dumb-And-Dumber sort of way the TV series never achieved. The lovely Jessica Simpson is a natch as Miss Daisy Burt Reynolds makes a much improved Boss Hog and M.C. Gainey makes a believably nasty Rosco P. Coltrane the way he always should have been.<br /><br />If you don't like slapstick humour and crazy car stunts then you wouldn't be watching this film anyway because you should know what to expect. Otherwise if you want an entertaining car-action movie with a few good laughs that's not too taxing on the brain then go see this enjoyable romp with an open mind.
critique4339 Sentimental and naive but undeniably affecting emotional man-helping-man plea in this case personified as German and French miners forced to be closed off from each other after the Great War thanks to a new border leading to disillusionment on the German side as the French are the bosses. But when a fire begins on the French side the common decency of the German men lead to assistance safety and even friendship. This was a plea that would fall on deaf ears within the decade as a certain man from Pabst's own side would break that piece and turn the Great War into merely a prelude. But it is obvious to me that Pabst really believes or at least wants to hope for this kind of fundamental humanism as this film radiates with this optimism whereas his more flippant cynical adaptation of The Threepenny Opera lacked the bite needed to make that work work. Also furthering his honest belief are the fact that the characters here are not simplistic mouthpieces for positions but real people with real families whose home lives we are privy to as well. These are ordinary working-class men who just happen to believe in the worth of caring and treating right your fellow man and in this day of individualist opportunism I'll take a little thinning in my plot to get a positive message that represents a point of view that I think we can all aspire to.<br /><br />(Note: Apparently the ending is cut on most prints where the French rebuild the mining gate closing off the men once again. This is a brutal turn of events and may have made the film a better overall film but I would have lamented it souring the positives vibes of the final sequence so in short I'm glad it was clipped.) {Grade: 8/10 (B) / #7 (of 11) of 1931}
critique4340 Well unlike most people.... I went into this movie expecting it to not be that good and it turned out to be an awesome film. Pretty cool plot I love the idea of it but what really made this movie was the actors. they all did an incredible job and it was pretty cool to see fishburn and dillon work together. It's a movie where you go in thinking right away you will be able to predict whats going to happen but it doesen't quite turn out how you predicted. I don't want to give away anything about the story so I wont... but I suggest giving this one a chance. If you saw the movie Money Train and enjoyed that you would love this movie. Maybe everything Lawrence Fishburn touches is gold?
critique4341 This movie travels farther on 8 gunshots 2 kisses and 100 clichÃƒÂ©s than should be possible. Yet it still works. Brilliant.<br /><br />As I was driving home from the theater I tried to figure out how it got away with movie staples like the pages of a novel manuscript blowing across a beach or the impossible series of fortuitous coincidences without the entire audience standing up and screaming "I've seen that a million times before! And you've pushed beyond the edge of believability!" But the actors were so enchanting and the screen so filled with believable extras that I forgot to care. A friend who saw it with me said it transported him to Paris so perfectly that he was disappointed when we left the theater and realized we were still in Indiana.<br /><br />Overall a romantic-comedy-thriller with subtlety wit and elan.
critique4342 ......... and you get Chori Chori Chupke Chupke. Don't get me wrong this movie is much less explicit (or not even) than Pretty Woman but it (was) a new topic for Bollywood. The topic was accepted but it is far from Jism Murder and Julie. To tell you the truth the topic is presented in a very clean manner. But the plot has it's number of clichÃƒÂ©s. The beginning of the movie is presented in a very "filmi" way. There are some very little plot holes. The movie picks up once Rani has her miscarriage where you feel that you are watching something other than a typical movie. Otherwise the whole family sequence felt overdone in the beginning. The acting couldn't have been any better. Salman Khan sometimes impresses and sometimes lets you down. Over here he gave one of the best performances. On top of that his role is written so well that you applaud every time he solves a problem. Rani Mukherjee was adequate. Throughout the movie you feel for her character the most but she is overshadowed by Preity Zinta. Preity Zinta is picture perfect. Out of the three she gives everyone a run for their money. Its surprising how she can be just as convincing when she is innocent. And trust me Madhubala is far from your girl next door. This role is one of the reasons why I rate her high. The supporting cast are like the family you see in HAHK where they have no significance to the plot yet I found them tolerable here. The songs are pretty nice. The title song is my favorite of them all along with Dil Tera Mera Dil (Hearts). Mehndi Mehndi (Henna) and Dekhne Walon Ne (Look at the World's Sight) are two song that fit the film perfectly. Preity's cabaret number Diwani Diwani (Crazy) could've been shortened while No. 1 Punjabi came across boring though it had good dancing. Otherwise the movie is definitely worth a watch.
critique4343 Admittedly there are some scenes in this movie that seem a little unrealistic. The ravishing woman first panics and then only a few minutes later she starts kissing the young lad while the old guy is right next to her. But as the film goes along we learn that she is a little volatile girl (or slut) and that partly explains her behavior. The cinematography of this movie is well done. We get to see the elevator from almost every angle and perspective and some of those images and scenes really raise the tension. GÃƒÂ¶tz George plays his character well a wannabe hot-shot getting old and being overpowered by young men like the Jaennicke character. Wolfgang Kieling who I admired in Hitchcock's THE TORN CURTAIN delivers a great performance that although he doesn't say much he is by far the best actor in this play. One critic complained about how unrealistic the film was and that in a real case of emergency nothing would really happen. But then again how realistic are films such as Mission impossible or Phone Booth. Given the fact that we are talking about a movie here and that in a movie you always have to deal with some scenes that aren't very likely to occur in real life you can still enjoy this movie. It's a lot better than many things that I see on German TV these days and I think that the vintage 80's style added something to this film.
critique4344 This early Sirk melodrama shot in black and white is a minor film yet showcases the flair of the German director in enhancing tired story lines into something resembling art. Set in the 1910's Barbara Stanwyck is the woman who has sinned by abandoning her small-town husband and family for the lure of the Chicago stage. She never fulfilled her ambitions and is drawn back to the town she left by an eager letter from her daughter informing her that she too has taken a liking to the theatre (a high school production that is). Back in her old town she once again comes up against small-mindedness and has to deal with her hostile eldest daughter bewildered (and boring) husband (Richard Carlson) and ex-lover. The plot is nothing new but Sirk sets himself apart by creating meaningful compositions with every frame carefully shot and he is aided immeasurably by having Stanwyck as his leading lady. It runs a crisp 76 minutes and that's just as well because the material doesn't really have the legs to go any further.
critique4345 This film is all about humans. This film stayed as my all time favorite short cartoon for years.<br /><br />Isn't it the simplest things that make life so much more interesting?! We humans are so soft compassionate funny caring to each other one moment -- we invent the most beautiful and amazing machines to kill as many people as possible with the least effort the next. In our short lives we destroy our world each other and often our own lives than spend the rest of our lives trying to fix what we've destroyed. Sometimes there is nothing left to fix!<br /><br />This film can entertain educate and even help us realize what is wrong in our lives! Life is short and can be even shorter! The ending is way too optimistic I am afraid.<br /><br />I love Richard Condie's mind and what he makes happen with it! <br /><br />Enjoy<br /><br />H.K.
critique4346 H.O.T.S. is a fun film for a trip back to when skin flicks had a more positive fun-filled agenda. They were made simply to titillate and have a few laughs. Everything seems less cynical and jaded. The girls all have natural figures and some are Playboy playmates. The simple plot deals with a group of young women who open a non-sanctioned sorority house to get back at the snooty sorority girls who spurned and insulted them. Instead of the mean spirited tricks of today most of the hijinks are simply innocent fun. The women are decent actresses for this genre and are mostly very attractive. To keep our attention between the topless scenes we have mafia henchmen a stolen bear a hot air balloon a funky house mother and the cheapest robot ever seen. There's even Danny Bonnaducci of the Partridge Family. If you have a sense of humor then let yourself go and enjoy some light entertainment.
critique4347 Definitely a "must see" for all fans of film noir.<br /><br />Thanks to a fine script and crisp razor sharp direction a top cast comes together and works like a well oiled clock to produce a crackerjack psychological thriller.<br /><br />Wonderful characterizations articulate the movie's powerful message of racial and religious tolerance. It's difficult and almost unjust to single out any one particular performance because there isn't a weak link in the entire company but Robert Ryan as the hateful and violent white supremacist is truly spine chilling.<br /><br />Making this film in the 1940s would have taken a lot of courage. Nowall these years later at a time when contemporary movies are dominated by a ridiculous over abundance of foul language bare breasts crummy acting and deafening soundtracks it's refreshing to get back to the basics of quality film making with a viewing treat like "Crossfire".<br /><br />Another low budget gem from the Hollywood archives .
critique4348 This movie has everything typical horror movies lack. Although some things are far fetched we are dealing with quality snow man engineers. The only preview i can reveal is that i cant wait for Jackzilla. Dare i say oscar winner. This is a perfect date movie. I advise all men for a nice romantic surprise see this movie with that special person.
critique4349 Jafar Panahi's comedy-drama "Offside" portrays some women trying to enter a Tehran sports arena from which women are banned. The official reason: lots of foul language and the soccer players have their legs showing. But of course it's really a case of sexism. So most of the movie consists of mild comic relief as the women try to ask the men serious questions about why women are banned from the stadium and one woman even comes up with her own scheme to defy the men.<br /><br />As I understand all of Jafar Panahi's movies (this one included) are banned in Iran. The real tragedy is that the CIA's 1953 overthrow of the prime minister and subsequent backing of the brutal shah gave Ayatollah Khomeini an excuse to use his narrow interpretation of the Koran to establish a chauvinistic society and that George W. Bush's current policy towards Iran gives Mahmoud Ahmadinejad an excuse to act the cowboy and tighten censorship.<br /><br />Above all this is a neat look at people coming up with ways to challenge the system. Not a great movie but worth seeing. Considering that all Jafar Panahi's movies are banned I wonder how he's able to even make them.
critique4350 John Ford paid the wagons his tribute of a special picture 'Wagon Master' made after two big Indian-cavalry epics... It is a lovely poetic movie full of romanticized reincarnation of the pioneer spirit... It didn't have to top the big ones that had preceded it...<br /><br />Photographically it is extremely simple... The camera moves only once or twice in the entire film and never when a director would have made it move to underline a shot... Ford even resists the temptation to track his camera in the breathtaking twilight shots of the women wearily marching along in the dust behind their wagons... They come-and go-while the camera remains immobile and the audience stays a spectator to the march of history not a participant in it... Of course when Ford wants to involve his audience emotionally or dramatically as in 'Stagecoach' he knows just how to do it... But "Wagon Master" is a tender nostalgic look backward...<br /><br />Filled with traditional Western songs rendered by The Sons of the Pioneers it tells of the trek West to Utah (in 1879) of a Mormon wagon train led by Ward Bond in the role of Elder Wiggs and two young horse traders (Ben Johnson and Harry Carey Jr). And in a series of beautiful images as the wagon train fights outlaws Indians and nature in its struggle to reach the 'promised land' the modest 'Wagon Master' manages to capture the history and legend of the West... <br /><br />Ford himself has said that 'Wagon Master' (of which he wrote the original story) was among the three films of his which 'came closest to being what I had wanted to achieve.'<br /><br />Ford's career as a Western director was astonishing... More than anyone else he was able to use the genre to protect his feelings about the family society and the American way of life... Ford saw the frontier as a land to be subdued by a special class of settlers and lawmen whose great sacrifices make the land safe from those who come after... These early westerners were giants who deserved the legendary status they earned and the civilized townsfolk who followed must always hold them in fear and respect... Ford's Westerns often employ flashbacks that emphasize the historical authenticity of his approach...<br /><br />In 'Wagon Master' for example folk songs on the sound track tell us of the hardships of the pioneers of a century ago and Ford shows them to us in almost documentary fashion... In one sequence the train is camped in a circle and the settlers decide to hold a square dance... To fashion a dance floor they have to lay boards over the desert sand and with this ritual celebration Ford shows the defeat of the wilderness through the metaphor of boarding over the land...<br /><br />It's a lovely-to-look-at film full of a marvelous lighthearted optimism and it is easy to understand why Ford found it so satisfyingÃ‚Â… It never breaks faith with the mood and style set in the first few sequencesÃ‚Â… But one is left wondering whether the ultra-romantic best suits the chosen themeÃ‚Â…<br /><br />The wagon-train experience must have been one of the most physically demanding and nerve-wracking ordeals that man (with his womankind) ever set himselfÃ‚Â… It must have been riddled with doubtsÃ‚Â—was I wrong to sell up everything and come? How can we hope to survive? How will we contend the other end?Ã‚Â—almost every other aching step of the wayÃ‚Â…<br /><br />Yet none of this feeling really comes through in "Wagon Master." The journeyÃ‚Â—such is the general ebullienceÃ‚Â—does not strike one as particularly hazardousÃ‚Â… It could be of course that the Mormons were so 'high' on religious spirit that this tended to act as an anestheticÃ‚Â… In other words their reactions weren't those of normal human weakness... If so Ford was right and the doubters were wrongÃ‚Â…<br /><br />What is beyond doubt is the right and proper ebullience especially at first meeting of Ben Johnson and Harry Carey Jr. This is the essence of light-hearted adventurous youth particularly one feels of Western youth of those extraordinary timesÃ‚Â… It's a remarkable relationship and it remains lodged in the mindÃ‚Â
critique4351 He plays straight but with a quiet intensity that makes him one of the top cops in movie history. Roy Scheider stars in a poor man's French Connection that has a little of the same gritty appeal. FC is a better movie but I prefer watching this one because 1) I think Scheider is great and this is his best movie and 2) this has the best car chase EVER one that makes Bullitt look like a cable production (thanks again to Bill Hickman who actually plays the driver). It doesn't hurt that Tony LoBianco stops by (again) to play a baddie. Please enjoy.
critique4352 I thought that this is a wonderfully written movie. I love little Scamp and the street-wise Angel. This movie is very easy for little kids to understand but a good movie for adults as well. I liked this movie because it continues the original Lady and the Tramp and that movie is a classic. Lady and the Tramp 2 Scamp's Adventure was filled with new characters catchy songs brilliant animation and unforgettable classic characters. I have loved the movie ever since I saw it for the first time. I also loved how they showed the different personalities of each character. It also shows the downfalls and good things of making new friends that you can hang out with. My favorite song in the movie was Always there because it showed the different characters sharing their views on how they feel. I definitely recommend this movie for everyone that was a fan of the original Lady and the Tramp.
critique4353 This is just as good as the original 101 if not better. Of course Cruella steals the show with her outrageous behaviour and outfits and the movie was probably made because the public wanted to see more of Cruella. We see a lot more of her this time round. I also like Ioan Gruffudd as Kevin the rather bumbling male lead. To use Paris as the climax of the movie was a clever idea. The movie is well worth watching whatever your age provided you like animals.
critique4354 This is a decent little flick made in Michigan about a guy that is haunted by his past with his abusive stepfather (Gunnar Hansen) and has grown up not-so-well-adjusted. In fact he's absolutely bonkers but tries not to be too obvious. He's got an entourage too his own little demon & angel that follow him around. The demon never says a word but really doesn't have to and he's Max Schreck-creepy. Let's just say that the angel pretty much spins his wheels in this as Eric is busy doing things that make him feel better like "freeing" people that he decides need it mostly beautiful young women. This is a decent portrayal of madness and you're kind of on your own at some point to figure out some of what's going on but overall I watched this from start to finish very focused on the film because it definitely held my interest. It's a little lacking in some areas but nothing I can really lay my finger on. A decent effort and worth seeing IF you like serial killer flicks.
critique4355 It's along the line of comedy of errors mistaken affection transferring from one to another blossoms and passes onÃ‚Â…kinda cat and mouse situationsÃ‚Â… Flares of passion sparks of fire fanned and put outÃ‚Â…guessing maybe she loves he loves or they loveÃ‚Â… Circle of emotions evolving releasingÃ‚Â…hiding yet not hidingÃ‚Â…wanting to let him know wanting to let her know let them knowÃ‚Â… Good ensemble cast in spite of the seemingly confusing mix of emotions from different parties involved. <br /><br />It's a refreshing charmer casual free and easy and rather down to earth -- not Hollywood glamorous like "Notting Hill" but lots of human feelings frailty vulnerability a-flowing. Yes all revolving around an accidentally (lost &) found love letter. Kate Capshaw as the owner of the town's bookstore with a variety of characters portrayed by Ellen DeGeneres Tom Selleck Blythe Danner Tom Everett Scott Gloria Stuart Alice Drummond and Geraldine McEwan as the seemingly unaffected Mrs. Scattergoods. Romance is in the air love lurking everywhere. You get to appreciate the talented Kate Capshaw. ("The Alarmist" is another quirky little movie which is fun to watch: Capshaw has a wonderful chemistry with David Arquette and Arquette with Stanley Tucci).<br /><br />"Notting Hill" is satisfying in its story revolving around the glittering pairing of Julia Roberts and Hugh Grant and the wonderful support of his circle of (London) friends. "Love Letters" is delightful in its quirky (Loblolly) small town-ness and its story involving Kate Capshaw's centrifuged ripple effects on her friends and neighbors. Both maybe fantasies somehow the latter felt more attainable if it should happen to you. And if you appreciate words or poetic lines it could be the movie for you.
critique4356 I've been looking forward to seeing this film ever since I first caught the trailer and I'm so glad now that I have. It's truly a wonderful film. The actors are superb the writing is fresh and real the whole thing was just spot-on. I love James McAvoy in this and I can't wait to see him in "The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe" movie this December. Romola Garai is wonderful too. Be sure to check her out in "I Capture the Castle" or "Nicholas Nickleby" two of my favorite films. Overall I think I liked this movie because it didn't chicken out. It's a difficult subject matter to tell a story about in that you're very likely to offend a lot of people or mess up and make it into some overly-sentimental-sugary-sweet love fest. But they avoided doing that completely and instead made a film that's real honest and touching yes but never over-the-top. Very well done. Amazingly well done. Go out and see it and you'll know exactly what I mean.
critique4357 Caribe is not a masterpiece in any of its storytelling aspects. However it delivers a perfectly enjoyable story along with a magnificent cinematography. The narrative structure is set around two narrative axes one of them embedding the other each one having elements that relate and co-exist in excellent harmony. The story never loses the right pacing and it shows a very good blending of the human figure with its natural environment (which is a character in itself). The acting is great and for that we owe credit to the emerging director Esteban RamÃƒÂ­rez. Furthermore the characters are very well written and masterfully complex; so once you become familiarized with them you can perceive their feelings without them even saying anything. I can't say I liked this picture because of all the hype it generated(in Costa Rica) but rather because of the way it really achieves in showing an interesting portrait of what happens when you interfere with the equilibrium of people's lives. Hopefully Caribe will establish a reference for future projects in Costa Rica as it is a very good example of nice movie making.
critique4358 John Wayne is one of the few players in film history to have failed at his first big break and then succeed on the second time around. Of course everyone knows the second time was the classic Stagecoach with John Ford directing.<br /><br />But we're here to talk about The Big Trail. John Ford's fellow director Raoul Walsh spotted this tall kid on the set of one of Ford's films and thought he had potential. He wanted to make him the lead in a big budget western that Fox was planning to do. The film as planned would be an homage to the famous classic silent western The Covered Wagon.<br /><br />In watching The Big Trail I was struck by how similar Wayne's character of Breck Coleman here is to the Ringo Kid in Stagecoach. Both characters were likable young cowpokes but both were also on a mission of vengeance. And of course both films were done on location and show the expense in making them. No studio product here with a backlot western set. <br /><br />I also don't think that it was an accident that Wayne got this break at the beginning of the sound era. Raoul Walsh I'm guessing looked around Hollywood and probably didn't think a whole lot of movie cowboys would have staying power in sound. That's something else Walsh spotted in Wayne.<br /><br />According to what I've read The Big Trail flopped because after spending all that money to make the film in an early wide screen process some genius at Fox realized that their theaters weren't equipped with the wide screen to show it. And when the Great Depression hit there would be no money to widen those screens at Fox movie houses. So The Big Trail got a limited release even in what we would call a formatted version and lost money big for Fox films.<br /><br />Marguerite Churchill is fine as the crinoline heroine who Duke wins loses and wins again from Ian Keith. Keith Charles Stevens and F. Tyrone Power are the trio of villains Wayne has to deal with.<br /><br />F. Tyrone Power is the father of the famous movie legend Tyrone Power. He was a big burly man with a grand background in classic roles on screen and on stage. I wouldn't be surprised if his son who would have been 15 at the time might not have been hanging around the set.<br /><br />Also look for Ward Bond though you might have trouble spotting him under a big bushy beard.<br /><br />Watching The Big Trail now it is interesting to speculate where John Wayne's career might have gone if The Big Trail had been a big hit.
critique4359 Challenge to be Free was one of the first films I saw as a child. It was also one of the first VHS tapes that I owned. I hadn't seen the movie in years so yesterday I decided to stick the tape in and watch it. Wow. The story is as powerful now as it was the first time I saw it. I think now that I am older I can better apreciate the values that are implanted in the movie. (Self-reliance The value of Freedom and the love of nature) It is a "B" movie to be sure but it's one that you'll remember for years especially if you see it as a child.
critique4360 Like TALK RADIO THE BOOTH is actually kinda predictable (TALK RADIO because we know the truth of what happened going in THE BOOTH because of- let's face it- the genre and the basic set-up). That's not necessarily a bad thing in this case. It means in essence that the filmmakers don't punk out in the end the way they might've in say an American version of this story. THE BOOTH moves inexorably toward its (foregone) conclusion but is so beautifully crafted on every level that one can enjoy the ride the way one might a familiar cruise along a well-travelled stretch of (very scenic) road. It reminds me of Harlan Ellison's spooky short story FLOP SWEAT. The claustrophobia is at times almost palpable. Worth a nice long look.
critique4361 There are worse ways to spend an evening than watching this movie although it IS a tad predictable. Drew Barrymore does a very good job of being the outcast nerd in this film - excellent casting choice. What I found a bit hard to believe is that the popular girls finally accept her - in my experience that crowd has a longer memory than that and knowing how AWFUL Drew's character was (ostrich feathers?) at the start of the school year would have kept them miles away regardless of what rumors her brother drums up. (And does "Kole Slaw Food" really make HIM all that popular? I doubt it). As for rooting for Drew's character to win big as a reporter - well I would have hoped she could have come up with a story long before the prom. A bit contrived. Having said all that it was a cutsie piece of fluff that will be entertaining as long as you don't expect too much.
critique4362 I have screened this movie several times here at college and every time I show it the number of people watching with me grows exponentially... in addition to the virgins anyone I've already shown it to NEEDS to see it again! It takes a little while to get into it but by the end the whole room is screaming shouting yelling rewinding scenes repeatedly repeating dialogue and just totally and completely engrossed in the moviegoing experience that is Pia Zadora in "The Lonely Lady"! Scene after scene after scene of the most ineptly filmed poorly written horribly acted TRASH is thrown at you in an all-out assault that ranks as the campiest thing I own (no small statement friends). For me nothing compares 2 U Pia... and I don't suppose I'm the only one who's ever felt this way!
critique4363 Only saw this show a few times but will live in my memory. <br /><br />It is very frustrating that it is so difficult to find this anywhere to purchase and yet there seem to be endless repeats of stuff like Friends! Especially even more difficult to obtain being in England I guess..?<br /><br />They say it was low ratings or was it a complaint from the Bakersfield PD themselves? Maybe it was just too clever for certain people? <br /><br />Anyhow just about the one comedy I would love to see again but is almost impossible to find. I hear it is being or has been repeated on another network? But alas not over here!!<br /><br />Summary: Ingenious.
critique4364 Although Bullet In The Brain is without question superior amongst short films it largely seems more like a short piece of writing than a film. And it is a little hard to feel too sorry for the teacher when his smart ass remarks get him shot. But after the bullet enters his brain we begin to understand a little bit about why he became so jaded with life in the first place. There is an awful amount of detail packed into this reasonably short film and this is what makes me feel that it should have been extended a little bit - it seems like there's almost too much to take in at once as the details come flying at you so fast. A slightly more relaxed pace and a less po-faced narrator in the final section would have benefitted this film a little bit. Despite these complaints there is no denying that Bullet In The Brain is a quite stupendous work compared to many short and even full length films. The makers should be applauded for trying to make such a basically emotional and literate film in the current climate of quick jokes and Hollywood action.
critique4365 If the ending hadn't been so fantastically unexpected I don't think I could rate this movie so well.<br /><br />This movie has a lot of uncomfortable distressing "marriage falling apart" character interaction. That sort of thing is not my kind of drama so the pace seemed to drag for me.<br /><br />In addition the main characters are difficult to relate to and thus care much about -- the husband (Alan Rickman) is rather bitter and cranky and the wife (Polly Walker) is aloof and a little haughty. The acting was just fine (Norman Reedus was very alluring) but the characters themselves were perhaps a little TOO realistically flawed (for me).<br /><br />The setting was nice and appropriately isolated and a little spooky. The cinematography had something to it that seemed a little old-fashioned to me somehow.<br /><br />But the last 5-15 minutes of this movie are so ingenious that every uncomfortable scene awkward conversation and inexplicable character behavior absolutely worth it. I guessed every typical plot twist except the one that occurred.<br /><br />The ending definitely makes this movie worth watching. The intrigue and the drama not quite as much.
critique4366 This is a new Barbie movie. The graphics were really good. They made the movie seem partially realistic. I used to do ballet and this movie made me want to continue it. This movie was kind of like a Cinderella movie but a little bit different. A father of 12 princesses gets very sick. His cousin poisons him and wants the throne. The girls find a secret magical land thanks to their dead mother's stories. Its up to them to save their father and society. With the help of their handsome prince. It was a funny movie and me and my friend had fun watching it. We enjoyed it a lot and also enjoyed the Indian talking parrot. The music was very nice and made the movie even greater. It had a great classical orchestra. The voices were great and the characters were adorably sweet and cute. I liked it so enjoy the movie its great for the family. All in all I'd watch it again.
critique4367 wow is all i could say i really loved the movie and one thing i could say to Aaron carter is that i really think that you should be in a lot more movies cause you rock.i love Aaron carter so much hes hot and so i say thank you a lot for making this movie great.i really do so wish he would be able to make a lot more movies because he his a great dancer actor and singer. i so wish i could sing as good as he could. and I've been a fan of his for like ever and i will never ever stop loving him. i rented the movie and I've had it for two days and iv'e literally watched it over like 10 times. laugh out loud you could call me crazy but that just proves that i liked it a lot. if u wanna talk you can hit me up at dvlbab300@aol.com so e-mail me if you wanna. I LOVE YOU AARON CARTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
critique4368 I just saw this film at the Sidewalk Film Festival in Birmingham AL which was actually a really fun festival and was blown away by it. It was the best movie I saw all day by a long shot. A school aged prostitute meets with a middle age man and attempt to end there deep depression together. It's an inner look into the darkest parts of human sexuality. Story stems from real life occurrences ripped straight from the headlines. Raw blunt dialog and a killer twist at the end. The film does contain graphic sexual dialog and nudity. Definitely not suitable for kids. Too depressing for some people's tastes. Definitely worth checking out in my opinion though.
critique4369 Fast Times it ain't. But check this movie out it has a heart. Pour yourself a drink and enjoy. It's loaded with a slew of just-beginning stars. Sherilyn Fenn has her first on-screen credited cameo. Chris Penn Lea Thompson Eric Stotz Jenny Wright Rick Moranis etc.--they all look so young. Oh and if you look closely the cop's wife is Nancy Wilson from the rock band Heart.
critique4370 This cool Marvel superhero game pays proper tribute by staying true to the comics. Of all the Marvel superhero games that have been so lame with weak graphics and gameplay Spiderman improves in both departments. It also features the voice of Stan Lee the creator of Spiderman comics.<br /><br />As you'd expect Spiderman does whatever a spider can. He does more than spin webs. In fact he uses them as weapons and shields. When he's not using web in combat he punches and kicks as well. Spidey has his hands full as he battles Venom Rhino Mysterio Scorpion and Dr. Octopus to name a few. Look for Captain America in a cameo.<br /><br />Most of the levels are challenging but some of them require patience to beat. The only complaint about this game is that it's so short and can be completed in less than three hours. If you're a real Marvel superhero fan this game is for you but don't expect long gameplay. Better luck in "Spiderman 2." My evaluation: 9 out of 10.
critique4371 But a great cast! Jonathan Pryce Kathy Bates Rupert Everett Lynne Redgrave Julie Andrews and Dan Aykroyd! And that's just the beginning.<br /><br />I'm not totally sure that any description of the movie and plot are going to entice you to watch this one. Suffice it to say that it has something for practically everyone: death singing a sparkly suit cell phones a little person (nice looking woman actually) a drawbridge (modern not Medieval) a boombox and a crossbow. Oh and a psychotic. And Barry Manilow.<br /><br />You will have to trust me when I say that 50% of you out there will hate this movie because of the lack of the Absurd Gene in your DNA makeup. It's not your fault; it's hereditary. The other 50% of you will probably want to change the channel after 20 minutes but you HAVE TO KEEP WATCHING.<br /><br />Even at that at the end you may wonder why you watched... but keep in mind that absurdity thing. It should grow on you. It is a test.
critique4372 When the movie first started I thought cheesy. The first ten minutes were really boring. After the slow beginning and some of the soap opera antics I started liking it. The plot was different than anything I had ever seen. Now was it a horror? Not really. It shouldn't have been classied as a horror or the producers should have put more money into the movie to make it scary. As it was the creatures where only there for a short time. I can only assume this was for money reason.<br /><br />The good side was that the movie was very entertaining. It held my interest (after the start) and did make me wonder about creatures from another dimension.<br /><br />It was obvious that this was a first time movie for the director but there were a couple of highlights. By the end I was hooked. Too bad Hollywood didn't put more money behind this.
critique4373 This is a film that on the surface would seem to be all about J.Edgar Hoover giving himself a a big pat on the back for fighting Klansmengoing after Indian killers hunting the famous gangsters of the 1930's fighting Nazi's in the US and South America during world war 2 and Commies in New York during the early 1950's. Of course in 1959 we did not know about Mr. Hoover's obsession for keeping secret files on honest Americans bugging people like the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr but worst of allhis secret love affair with his deputy directorClyde Tolson( If you want to know more about that subject I suggest seeing the film Citizen Cohn). Hoover aside This story of a life in the FBI as told by Jimmy Stewart makes for a decent but dated film. Vera Miles as his devoted wife is also good. But Jimmy is the movie. As much as Hoover controlled production and always made sure the FBI was seen without fault Jimmy Stewart gave the film a human sidequite an achievement considering Hoover was always looking over his shoulder. The background score is also pleasant. I have read recent online articles suggesting that this is a forgotten film. Jimmy Stewart was one of the greatest film stars of all time and none of his films should be forgotten. TCM was the last network to show it a long time ago and I hope they show it again.
critique4374 This was usually producer Alexander Korda's advice on set to many of his underlings; the film is credited with three directors but in truth Alex Zoltan Korda and William Cameron Menzies helped out pushing it to six.<br /><br />For John Kobal's 1987 book "The Top 100 Movies" his survey of 81 film critics saw The Thief of Bagdad reach 55th place. A closer examination reveals only Jose Luis Guarner John Russell Taylor and Kobal himself actually voted for the picture but their high placings were enough to take it to near the half-way mark.<br /><br />The outbreak of the Second World War saw the movie's production shifted around England and America eventually seeing completion in 1940 and winning three technical Oscars. Like Citizen Kane it is in some ways perhaps a film you might admire rather than love.<br /><br />The special effects outstanding for the time are still reasonable and actually hold up if you squint. But it's not so much their effectiveness as the audacity of the inventions. Among them is an amusing horse constructed out of a kit model which when a key is inserted up it's rear end begins to fly. There's also a killer toy of the six-armed Goddess Kali (perhaps quite obviously a single woman with two women sitting behind her) and a quite horrific-looking giant spider. Also impressing is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet. But most memorable has to be Rex Ingram appearing as in a superb moment of cinematic conceit a djinn (genie) nearly a thousand feet tall! Ingram portrays the genie as quite a menacing creature and adds an element of danger to the proceedings. And look out for the moment where he's tricked back into his bottle!<br /><br />John Justin does well as the Arabic king who for some strange reason has an English accent and a stiff upper lip. Sabu the astonishingly muscled 15Ã‚Â–year-old is near-namesake Abu a likeably cocky thief. After they cross paths with the evil Jaffer (Conrad Veidt) Justin finds himself blind and Abu is turned into a dog. When it seems the rest of the film will be told in flashback through the blind Ahmed's (Justin's) perspective we find that halfway through the movie we catch up to the present and the adventure continues. In truth the second half is someway the better being full of greater incident and more fantastical in nature.<br /><br />Three small songs pepper the piece though as the film lasts for 100 minutes this feels more like mild flavouring rather than a real ingredient; I wouldn't classify this as a musical. It's all great fun; Justin and June Duprez are the love interest for the mums and dads Veidt is the boo-hiss villain and Abu is the youthful irrepressible robber. It may take a while to get into the somewhat dated mindset and overblown melodrama of 40s English movies but once you've sat through the first half an hour or so this film really draws you in. Quite commendable.
critique4375 The movie was much better than the other reviewer stated. It's a nice family movie. It has a fun fantasy aspect of some time travel. The story revolves around a 14 year old girl who accidentally finds a way to travel back in time in the old elevator of her apartment building. Of course no one believes her when she tries to explain her disappearances. She finds and makes friends with a girl about her age and is able to help the girl's family in many ways. She is also able to help her own relationship with her father in the long run. It reminds me of a Hallmark movie so give it a chance and decide for yourself. It seemed to be aimed more towards children about 6-12 years (maybe a bit older) and it's pretty much PG or G rated. I'm an adult who can appreciate a nice "family" movie - I guess the other reviewer isn't.
critique4376 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique4377 Nicely done evil little comedy pitting the FBI against organized crime with a nice lady caught in the middle. The actress who played the jealous wife of the mob boss 'Tony the Tiger' almost stole the show with her raging tantrums. 3 stars
critique4378 Dark Remains is a home run plain and simple. The film is full of creepy visuals and scares' that will make the most seasoned horror veteran jump straight out of there seat. The staircase scene in particular these guys are good. Although they weren't working on a huge budget everything looks good and the actors come through. Dark Remains does have one of those interpretive endings which may be a negative for some but I guess it makes you think. Cheri Christian and Greg Thompson are spot on as the grieving couple trying to rebuild there lives' however some side characters like the Sheriff didn't convince me. They aren't all that important anyways. I give Dark Remains a perfect ten rating for being ten times scarier than any recent studio ghost story/ Japanese remake.
critique4379 The Swedish filmmaker Roy Andersson's latest film You the Living is not easy to review. One of the reasons is that in his own words he has broken with the Anglo-Saxon tradition of story-telling in all essence the template of most Western film productions. Another reason might be that although Roy Andersson is somewhat heavy on symbolisms his unlike those of say Andrei Tarkovsky are of a more elusive nature. It took him 3 years to complete this 86 minute long film and it wasn't because he was forced to have long breaks between shootings due to financial troubles or problems with the actors. The film consists of 57 vignettes shot mostly by a still camera and it was the careful design of each of these scenes which required much time. The imagery of this film which is closely related to the director's previous film Songs from the Second Floor is of utmost importance to the story thus this story is told to a great degree by the surroundings and the environment in which the characters of Andersson's universe dwell and interact. Before each scene was finally shot there would have been no less than 10 different test shootings with different actors colors dialog etc. The result is a dreamlike version of the surrounding world which most of us would recognize and if the setting is like a dream why not dream a little? Just like in Bunuel's The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie when somebody says "Last night I had a dream" you get to watch it. But then again what is perceived as reality here is not very much different from the dreams.<br /><br />Despite the fact that the film lacks a plot in the traditional sense of the word and there are no main characters as such the different characters who appear and reappear in different scenes still meet each other and their stories are inevitably intertwined. What most of these characters have in common is their apparent loneliness despite being surrounded by other people. The trailer trash chain smoking and binge drinking woman who dreams of having a motorbike so that she can get away from "all this crap" her corpulent and mostly silent boyfriend and his frail and seemingly gentle but rather absent-minded mother members of a brass band whose skill improving efforts at home aren't getting a favorable reception neither from their families nor their neighbors the depressed Middle Eastern hairdresser and his arrogant customer on his way to "a very important business meeting" an elderly man having a nightmare about bombers in the skies a young girl dreaming about marrying the young rock star that she is so madly in love with. It's all about dreams and nightmares versus reality but it works as much as a statement in support of the Austrian philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein's claims that "all human communication is miscommunication". People speak to each other but it is as if they speak past each other. They try to reach out to the others but shut the others out when those try to reach them.<br /><br />You the Living is a poetic film set physically in Stockholm but yet universally applicable. The society it portrays is Sweden its artistic language and the people displayed are generally unmistakably Nordic. Yet the subject it deals with namely the misery of the humankind in a selfish world reaches far beyond this hemisphere. Despite the seriousness of its theme the film itself seems a lot more cheerful and laden with humor than one might have expected. But in the words of the director himself "living is so complicated to each one of us that the only thing that saves us is our sense of humor". Hence this film is a tragic comedy or a comic tragedy depending on your sensitivities and not a depressing black reality tour of the human nature. It is unusual in its language and structure but if you can think outside the box and enjoy it you will certainly find this film both entertaining and meaningful at the same time. It was shown at this year's Cannes festival as part of the Un Certain Regard program which offers "original and different works" outside the competition. After the film was shown in the Salle Debussy the 1000 strong audience gave it a standing ovation for several minutes. Do I need to say more?
critique4380 Fay Grim is the continuation of a story begun ten years earlier with Hartley's Henry Fool. I haven't seen the earlier film and I don't know if that's a good thing or not. I can only regard the current film on its own merits.<br /><br />For most people Hal Hartley's style of film-making is something that you either like or you don't. His combination of action drama absurdity and dry ironic humour really resonates with me and Fay Grim is no exception. It has an air of sharply-written intelligent parody that had myself and many in the Melbourne International Film Festival audience laughing out loud. For the first half of the film it was relentless and delivered with deadpan straightness. It's a style of humour sadly lacking in cinemas and a welcome relief to the mindless teen comedies that Hollywood pumps out like pancakes.<br /><br />During the second half of the film the humour starts to thin as the film morphs into an international espionage/conspiracy thriller. Whether this was Hartley's intention or whether he ran out of ideas is not clear but I think a bit of editing or re-writing to cut fifteen minutes off the film would have maintained the film's original momentum.<br /><br />The performances were generally good particularly Parker Posey and Jeff Goldblum who had the most screen time. Saffron Burrows James Urbaniak Carl Montgomery and Elina LÃƒÂ¶wensohn all played good support roles. The film's visuals were nice (set in New York Paris Berlin and Istanbul) and the music (also by Hartley) was good without being intrusive. The film is well-written and I enjoyed this it immensely. If you like Hartley's earlier work you'll probably like this.
critique4381 Dallas stars Gary Cooper Ruth Roman Steve Cochran Barbara Payton & Raymond Massey. It's directed by Stuart Heisler photography is from Ernest Haller & pen duties fell to John Twist. Produced out of Warner Brothers Dallas is vividly filmed in Technicolor out of the Iverson & Warner ranches in California. Very much a film with its tongue firmly in cheek the film is a throwback to the Westerns of yore that exist without pretensions or deep penetrative meanings.<br /><br />The plot sees Cooper's Civil War renegade Blayde "Reb" Hollister fake his own death so as to kill off his reputation and to free himself for the pursuit into Dallas of the brothers who massacred his family. In essence a routine plot Twist's story is perked up along the way by many a fun and exciting diversion. There's role reversals dandy fashions horseback pursuits shoot outs a love triangle vigorous dialogue and deft little twists to keep the piece purely from painting it by numbers.<br /><br />Cooper seems to be enjoying himself too which further enhances the feel good factor on offer. It's true he isn't really asked to do anything more than be a laconic dude on a mission. But when called on for action duties he delivers the goods that his fans have come to expect during his successful career. The villains entertain {particularly Steve Cochran's vile and dopey Bryant Marlow} because each have their own little peccadilloes to keep them from over familiar blandness. The two ladies of the piece look gorgeous and hold up well in amongst the machismo while the high production value allows Haller to really treat the eyes with the lush Technicolor and involving camera work around the locations.<br /><br />It has ideals to being an A list Oater does Dallas something it just can't quite attain. But it's not for lack of trying and the end result is one of pure entertainment that in truth should be enjoyed on a cold winters day when the viewer needs a pick me up. 7/10
critique4382 I think the reason for all the opinionated diarrhea on this movie is that most people have it out for Sharon Stone being around 50 and getting naked while playing sexy. No one cared when the Golden Girls sat around eating cheesecake and discussing their first orgasm but to see someone post menopausal getting digitally pleased while driving I guess is just too much for some to handle. Let's face it she looks good she's light years hotter than my mother who's the same age! It's not an Oscar or a cult classic like the first but ever since the turn of the century that's all movie goers seem to expect: a cinematic experience that will touch your soul. As such it never claims to be either. It's an erotic thriller that is both erotic and thrilling and is a continuation of a brilliant character that we all love to hate. It's the character of Catherine Trammell that helped give way for this sequel. Fans of the first movie want to see more of that frosty ice queen.<br /><br />The cinematography and art direction were lush and extravagant and made me want to move to Britian for sure. The score is amazing as well.<br /><br />Sure there's some overacting from some characters but there's some brilliant work from David Morrissey who's virtually unknown.<br /><br />There's a setback in that the script is virtually the same as the first movie only plugging in a psychiatrist in place of the cop. As well as the criminal decision of the MPAA to force the movie to be cut down even more which takes away from the guilty-pleasure raunchiness that the story is known for.<br /><br />At the very least it's entertaining and fun to look at it and that's the movie's only intentions. So if you've got beef with Mizz Stone maybe you should actually SEE the movie and draw your own conclusions before you spew forth your projectile vomit?
critique4383 The film notes describe the main role family as Turkish immigrants which living in Denmark. However it is so clear to understand that the fact is the behavior and the culture point the family is absolute Kurdish. Similar social pressures and even cultural murders keep going on Turkey today on Kurdish ethnicity societies. What a worry...<br /><br />It is widely accepted issue in Turkey today the Kurdish immigrants living in European Countries today which have moved from Turkey at 70's are culturally connected to the feudal moral laws system by growing daughters and women under pressure are giving harm to the Turkish International Image. Also as same as widely accepted another issue is the Turkish or Kurdish immigrants on these countries are the reason negative aim about the Community Europe Nominee.
critique4384 I remember Parker Posey on "As The World Turns" before she became the Queen of the Independent movies. In this film Posey shows her potential as a top fledged actress. In this film with supporting cast that includes Omar Townsend as Moustafa a Lebanese immigrant who works as a falafel salesman on the street who aspires to become a teacher. The supporting cast features a wonderful actress who plays her godmother and only family relative as Judy the librarian who is old fashioned dedicated and menopausal. Posey as Mary learns that she has to grow up and mature. Losing her librarian clerk position makes her realize how much she misses it as a place in her life. Mary's life is surrounded by friends in the Lower East Side Village of New York City before it became gentrified with yuppies. This film is quite good for an independent and I have come to enjoy Parker Posey as Mary as well as other characters in other films.
critique4385 It was high time a movie about the situation in a largely ignored Asian country like Myanmar had to be made and Beyond Rangoon is Hollywood's answer. Initially I thought Hollywood would dramatize the events of the 8888 uprising and add in the traditionally Hollywood spice of Titanic-type love between the lead heroine and the Burmese male lead who happens to be an old man. Thankfully nothing of that sort was in place - which may also explain why the film was not financially successful.<br /><br />Anyway the film was honest-to-God and I was glad at the accuracy of events portrayed. Apart from the fact that filming was done outside of Myanmar in Malaysia & Thailand and that I missed the exotic Burmese locales I could not find much fault in the film.<br /><br />You cannot blame the film for the desperation of the people and the resulting overwhelming actions. It is after all real events of a civil war. The music by Hans Zimmer is definitely the USP of an otherwise adventurous tragedy for people who have no connection to it.<br /><br />I was only a year old in Rangoon (now Yangon) during this tumultuous time. When I heard a movie was made on my real-life experience which I was too young to absorb I had to get the DVD and needless to say I could hardly have any complaints about it as it is an eye-opening wonder for me.
critique4386 A most awaited film of the year 2002. After three and half years of hibernationRajini has acted in this movie. The hype for this film was toooooo high..<br /><br />This is not a typical Rajini film in this film he gives some spiritual messages also. But it also includes typical Rajini actionsstylesongs etc. Its a good entertaining movie and gives good messages also.<br /><br />I will rate this movie as Good instead of Excellent because of the screenplay. Its a must watch movie. Dont miss it!
critique4387 The great talents of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressberger are noticeable in their wonderful "A Matter of Life and Death". It was part of the recent tribute to Mr. Powell that played at the Walter Reade in New York. This film in particular shows us one of the best British films from that or any other era.<br /><br />"A Matter of Life and Death" has a brilliant cinematography by Jack Cardiff a man who knew how to work wonders with a camera. Particularly impressive is the contrast from the monochromatic tones given to the scenes played in heaven and the colored ones when the action comes back to earth. This was quite a coup and well ahead of its times. The black and white sequence that involves the long staircase where Peter and the Conductor are chatting has to be one of the most amazing things on any film.<br /><br />Much has been said in this forum about the film so our comment will be about the great acting Powell and Pressberger got out of the large distinguished cast who responded magnificently to the directors' guidance.<br /><br />David Niven is Peter whose aircraft is hit and his best friend dies as a result of it. This film marked one of the highlights in Mr. Niven's career. He was an excellent film actor as he shows us in this movie. Kim Hunter is surprisingly good as June the woman who talked to Peter as his plane was falling from the skies. As fate would have it Peter and June fall in love at first sight.<br /><br />Some of the best British film actors grace this film with their presence. Robert Coote is Bob the man who is admitted to heaven but he is surprised his friend Peter never made the trip with him. An excellent star turn by Marius Goring who as the Conductor 71 steals the film. Mr. Goring who had worked with the directors is one of the best things in the movie. Also Roger Livesey as Dr. Frank Reeves does one of the best appearances of his career as well as Raymond Massey who is seen as Abraham Farlan.<br /><br />"A Matter of Life and Death" is a timeless film that will always be seen with gratitude toward its creators.
critique4388 I admit not being that fond of Oliver! as a young child--it's long and the story is a little slow-moving because of all the musical numbers. As a teenager I discovered that the fun of this movie is the experience itself. Rather than thinking of it as an adaptation of Oliver Twist think of it as a celebration of the classic story. The adaptation is loose at best but really if you're watching a musical you ain't there for the story.<br /><br />The music is the core of this movie and an overwhelming majority of it is stellar and very catchy. Most or all of the cast was involved in the stage version of the musical and it shows in their performances--and I consider this a plus. The performances are all in a more "stagey" style of acting typical of much older films and they are very entertaining. The exception is the kid playing Oliver whose job seemed to be to look cute and stay out of the real performers' way.<br /><br />Fagin and the Dodger are the real stars of this movie. Oliver Reed also does a fantastic job maintaining an intimidating screen presence as the menacing Bill Sykes. Even Sykes' dog Bullseye puts on a good performance.<br /><br />This movie isn't for everyone. People who hate musicals will despise it as will those who take musicals too seriously. Nitpicking over faulty historical details or mistaking exaggerated stage-type acting for bad acting will ruin anyone's enjoyment. Just sit back and enjoy the entertainment--it's much better if you remember that as a musical it's a fantasy loosely organized around the book not a strict adaptation.
critique4389 Zero Day is a film few people have gotten to see and what a shame that is.<br /><br />When I saw the end where the two main characters descend upon the room and mercilessly kill people then commit suicide and it made me grab my stomach. I was shaking that's how strong this movie is.<br /><br />The movie is amazing. It's too incredible not to get a perfect ten. It's sad that so few people understand the true beauty of this film. It is not a budget which makes a film good it is the amount of feeling the makers put into it which makes it good.<br /><br />It leaves a permanent impression in your mind that you simply cannot get out. It makes you realise the true horror of shootings- especially if you were to know that person and this movie makes you feel like you know these people.<br /><br />I recommend Zero Hour to those who feel they are mature enough to watch it. I am fourteen and I feel that this film is just too amazing to be put into words. It feels like you're watching something that actually happened.
critique4390 I watched it subtitled as it was in Russian but really enjoyed it. The main character Sasha was born cursed with a deadly weapon as an extension of his body. He lived his whole life unhappy because he was different and because anger caused him to do deadly things. <br /><br />When Sasha finally found love in a young woman named Katya everyone tried to take her away from him ending in a deadly battle. There was a fair amount of gore but not too much for the weak stomached.<br /><br />Not for people who like the regular old Hollywood movie but for those who enjoy independent films. Kinda got the feeling of an Asian fantasy film.
critique4391 This movie was made only 48 years after the end of the Civil War--most likely in anticipation of the 50th anniversary of the end of the war. In the film there are recreations of battles and the people of the era that look rather impressive and realistic. It also provides a different and more balanced view than just its contemporary BIRTH OF A NATION--a patently absurd and racist film. Because of this this short film would be excellent for use in the classroom to discuss the war and tell the story of a very young man that runs away to enlist as a drummer. The boy makes good and is a hero though the film ends rather melodramatically--a definite convention of the day. Not a great film but a decent plot decent acting and little of the over-the-top acting you often saw in other films of the day.<br /><br />One annoying aspect of this film was the too frequent use of title cards to describe or set the stage for stuff that was really obvious. It got annoying from time to time.
critique4392 It is difficult to evaluate this or any other comparable film of the early sound era in terms that one might use for ordinary film commentary. At times there is almost a desperation as many film personalities of the silent era try their wings at sound surely fearing that they will be left by the wayside (as did happen to some) Rin-Tin-Tin. however was pertfectly natural. In such a vaudeville of unrelated sequences some were sure to stand out John Barrymore's soliloquy from Richard II is a moment certainly worth preserving. By and large only those with earlier stage training exuded confidence. However this is over all reasonably entertaining and a must for "film buffs" especially interested in the silent to sound transition
critique4393 The British horror film was in terminal decline by the start of the Seventies but out of the blackness came three films that were among the best our island produced. The Wickerman Blood on Satan's Claw and The House That Dripped Blood made the future seem rosy even though a lot of people knew by this point there wasn't going to be one. THTDB has the sort of cast that could easily form a wishlist if it hadn't actually been assembled in the bleak hinterland of 2008 you may well find yourself expecting to wake up. Waxworks is the most overlooked of the four stories and is naturally my favourite Cushing's life and art are interlinked so firmly that you can't tell where performance ends and pain begins. One can only guess how this role affected such a gentle sensitive man. Death and the maiden. RIP Peter.
critique4394 Look this movie is obscure brilliant and a classic that should sought out by any means necessary. I suppose the powers that be have decided that it will forever be relegated towards the bargin bin; nevertheless we could only pray for the chance to see this one on DVD. I would say that it even beats the great Phatasm. If you like a dark movie with plenty of spooky imagery look for this one and see how an 80s horror movie is suppose to be.
critique4395 The villian in this movie is one mean sob and he seems to enjoy what he is doing that is what I guess makes him so mean. I don't think most men will like this movie especially if they ever cheated on their wife. This is one of those movies that pretty much stays pretty mean to the very end. But then there you have it a candy-bar ending that makes me look back and say "HOKIE AS HELL." A pretty good movie until the end. Ending is the ending we would like to see but not the ending to such a mean beginning. And then there is the aftermath of what happened. Guess you can make up your own mind about the true ending. I'm left feeling that only one character should have survived at the end.
critique4396 Monty Berman and Dennis Spooner followed up 'The Baron' with this a fantasy series about three superhuman spies which preempted 'The Six Million Dollar Man'. It was a favourite of mine when I was a youngster and I enjoy watching it still. Stuart Damon and William Gaunt had an unmistakable on-screen chemistry as Craig Stirling and Richard Barrett while the luscious Alexandra Bastedo pouted her way through her role as Sharron Macready. The late Anthony Nicholls made a wonderfully gruff Tremayne. By far the best episodes were those written by Tony Williamson Terry Nation and Brian Clemens while Spooner's own 'The Interrogation' compared favourably with 'The Prisoner'. I regret that there was never a second series; the concept had so much life left in it. Would Craig and Richard have been competitors for Sharron's affections? What if Tremayne had learned of the Champions' powers? Did the Champions have any other abilities other than those we saw? We never found out alas.
critique4397 I found this to be the most enjoyable Muppets movie because I felt it was the most light-hearted and had the best comic delivery on most of its lines. The Muppets try to go on Broadway to sell an original musical they've written but along the way they run into the usual problems including Kermit's memory loss here. While there aren't as many great cameos here as in the original "Muppets Movie" there are some including Joan Rivers and Dabney Coleman. Simply the timing and delivery of so many of the lines is great and the situations the Muppets find themselves in are hilarious. The original songs are also good here and the ending is satisfying. There is not much else to say about the film but Muppet fans should see it for sure. It is the funniest Muppet movie and is sure to be enjoyed by all.<br /><br />***1/2 out of ****
critique4398 This is a movie that I watched when I was a young girl and never forgot. It is certainly not the best movie ever made but there is something very special about it that I can't quite put my finger on. I LOVE it. I am the kind of person who likes everything explained to me though and for that reason alone this movie drives me crazy. <br /><br />Exactly what/Who is that mysterious witch-lady and what is her relationship with Tom? WHY and HOW did he become a Water Baby ... why was he raised on the earth? It is questions like these that are just eating at me! I thought if I read the book I would get answers but I just read an article that the book from which this story is "based" is a lot different. So I guess I'll never know what the writer was thinking! <br /><br />I still love this movie though and I recently watched it with my two year old niece. She loves it too although she insists on calling it "Baby Water" for reasons unknown to me. She loves the part where he jumps in the water and then declares "I'm all clean." (You have to understand that my niece is the cleanest 2 year old in the world!) We watched that scene over and over. <br /><br />I am so glad that we can enjoy this film together! There should be more films like this. (But what is up with the gay seahorse??!!)
critique4399 Not only was this movie better than all the final season of H:LOTS. But it was better than any movie made for TV I have ever seen!<br /><br />Looking at the "Top 250" I see that only one small screen movie has made it: How the Grinch Stole Christmas. I think it is time to increase that group to 2.<br /><br />I will admit that the original series had several shows that were better than this but I didn't mind. I just LOVED being able to enter the world of the Baltimore Homicide Squad again!
critique4400 A young woman who is a successful model and is also engaged to be married and who has twice attempted suicide in the past is chosen by a secretive and distant association of Catholic priests to be the next "sentinel" to the gateway to Hell which apparently goes through a creepy old but well maintained Brooklyn apartment building. Its tenants take the stairway up and can reincarnate themselves but apparently can't escape as long as a sentinel is there to block the way. The previous one(John Carradine) is about dead so she by fate or whatever becomes the next one and the doomed must get her to kill herself in order for them to be free. Lots of interesting details lie under the surface her relationship with her father the stories of the doomed her fiancÃƒÂ© so one can pass this off as cheap exploitation horror but given the sets the great cast and overall level of bizarreness this is definitely worth seeing.
critique4401 Ernest Borgnine was so wasted in this movie.There was no point in putting this great actor in this movie.One of the greatest actors in the world wastedand for what reason none what so everso america if you want to put classic actors in movies DON'T WASTE THEM
critique4402 Deep Water examines the pressures and ambitions on an ordinary man in a compelling documentary. The testimony and archive footage are a fascinating insight to the late 1960's and a ground-breaking round the world yacht race. The personal conflicts of duty to family self and reputation are played out in one of the most memorable and affecting films I have seen. I was not familiar with the history of this story and the drama was successfully and clearly directed. The story is mostly respectful to the participants with heroes and villains implied rather than ruthlessly exposed. Most of the interpretation is left open to the viewer allowing room to personally relate to the situations and characters. This movie is a bitter sweet experience with an entertaining mix of thoughtful suspense joy and drama.
critique4403 I'm not kidding about that summary and vote! The video distributors have packaged this as just another typical '80s werewolf movie but it is in fact the greatest parody of the horror genre that you can imagine having done for the horror movie what "Blazing Saddles" did for the western. I have seen plenty of comedies - good bad stupid weird etc. (usually walking away unimpressed) and I think that comedy must be the most difficult genre for filmmakers and actors to work in - it takes just the right kind of touch to make things successful and part of that is having good ideas. "Full Moon High" is bulging with good ideas - so many in fact that it can easily put the Zucker/Abrams team of "Airplane" and "Naked Gun" to shame. One of the best of these is the very presence of Ed McMahon in a starring role as a John Birch-style right-wing crackpot. The jokes non-sequiturs wisecracks and word-play are literally non-stop and everything including the kitchen sink has been thrown in. The ironic tone is very similar to that of "Back to the Future." <br /><br />Some people (i.e. almost every reviewer here) must have been turned off by the spirit of anarchy here but I almost died of laughter and this is one of those movies in which you never know what kind of insane situation will transpire next. Since B-movie extraordinaire Larry Cohen had not made a straight comedy before this one gets the sense that he was making up for lost time by including any joke he or his collaborators could think of. If Mel Brooks had made this the critics would have labelled it a comic masterpiece but because it was made by Cohen it has been dismissed as schlock. Critical reviews have called this movie too "silly." SILLY? What is a comedy supposed to be - serious?! Anyway I laughed out loud more for this movie than any other I can think of. Cohen makes fun of everyone - himself included with plenty of references to his usual brand of low-rent film-making; he and the actors must have had a complete blast making this.<br /><br />The humor is very Mel Brooks-ish and anyone who loves Jewish humor or watches a lot of B-movies (especially horror) will love this. Trust me: the movie isn't too hard to find and as long as you accept it for what it is - a roller-coaster of belly laughs with no pretense of social value whatsoever - then you'll truly enjoy it!!<br /><br />One sidenote: this movie should somehow go down in history as the one thing Bob Saget ever starred in (albeit briefly) that was actually funny.
critique4404 In Holland a gay writer Gerard (Jeroen Krabbe) gives a lecture. He stays overnight with a beautiful woman Christine (Renee Soutendijk) and has sex with her (by imagining she's a boy). He plans to leave the next day but gets a look at a picture of Christine's hunky boyfriend Herman (Thom Hoffman) and decides to stay to have a try at him. Then things get strange.<br /><br />A big X-rated art house hit in the US in 1983. Why was it X rated? Let's see...there's strangulation full frontal male and female nudity castration mutilation simulated sex a scene in a church with a cross that will shock most people a gay sex scene in a crypt...and it's all a comedy!!!!! Paul Verhoeven made this after "Spetters". "Spetters" was attacked by the critics for it's extreme sexual sequences and denounced as trash. So Verhoeven filled this film with very obvious symbolism thinking the critics would think it was art and praise it. He was right! Critics loved the film not realizing that Verhoeven was playing a big joke on them. Still it's a great film. <br /><br />It's beautifully shot by Jan de Bont (now a director himself) and there's so much symbolism and obvious "hidden" layers in the dialogue that you're never bored. All the acting is great--Krabbe plays a thoroughly despicable character but (somehow) has you rooting for him; Soutendijk is just stunning to look at and plays her part to perfection--the little smile she gives when Gerard agrees to stay with her is chilling; Hoffman is extremely handsome with a great body--he deserves credit for doing the church sequence and going at with Krabbe in the crypt.<br /><br />This is not for people easily offended or the weak of heart but if you like extreme movies that playfully challenge you (like me) this is for you! A 10 all the way.
critique4405 I have seen most of the Tarzan episodes. Certainly the rated X with O'Keeffe & Bo Derek which is totally deplorable.<br /><br />I have seen this version several times since it was originally shown.<br /><br />All the cast had memorable parts great acting the Ape sequences.<br /><br />Last night I viewed same on Spanish station and other than some French dialog all in Spanish.<br /><br />As far as Hudson not wanting Andie's voice he did nothing until the very end. He viewed the dailies and could have hired a dialog coach.<br /><br />It seems silly that a story about apes and a man raised by them all speaking gibberish that Hudson attacked Andie.The story line in the movie was that she was an American cousin. The last time I checked Carolina was in the USA.<br /><br />She was beautiful in movie and her eyes and gorgeous hair alabaster skin mystified all us males. She did not have to resort to Bo's level.<br /><br />She has remained a LADY throughout the rest of her career and should look at this movie (half her life ago)as a starting point. Her performance sincerity made this movie enjoyable believable that a half wild man could ascertain her inner beauty.<br /><br />Great sending point for Sir Richardson he did steal the movie.
critique4406 i honestly think that that was the best version of war of the worlds i've every seen. it was funny but it was also educational i learned whole lot the movie and if i could i would by that movie. my favorite part was when the soldiers killed on robot and another one came right from behind it. in the last movie war of the world i think that it should have been more like the first one and it would have been better. but any way i give this movie 2 thumbs up. <br /><br />and if they where to make another movie like this i will definitely watch it.<br /><br />thank you
critique4407 Just Before Dawn really surprised me when I saw it by being far less of a gruesome horror adventure than I expected. Instead the director Jeff Lieberman conjures up a wonderfully evocative and disquieting atmosphere for great stretches of the movie building the suspense constantly until I was really unsure about what was going to happen but wound up tight as a spring waiting for it. The lack of action in many parts gave it a very Deliverance mixed with The Texas Chainsaw Massacre kinda ambiance and when the action really kicks in its truly shocking and dramatic without ever even really needing to be gory. The characters are about par for this kind of movie though more sympathetic than some and the bad guy memorably freaky. The photography and suspense are the real winners in this movie and they keep it from ever being dull (as has been suggested). I firmly recommend this one to serious horror fans. Don't expect gore do expect a creepy backwoods tale with several awesome moments and a great dreamlike ambiance.
critique4408 This is a quirky heist/caper film one that seems predictable at first then keeps surprising until the last scene. The protagonist is a grifter who goes to work in a little carnival where he's paid to kill the manager's belly dancer wife Divana then ends up falling for her himself. She's alluring tricky and deadly and she keeps disappearing and popping up again like some sort of magician's trick. The film's other props include her duplicitous husband/employer (played by the talented Armand Assante) some nasty Dominican mobsters and most important to the plot a suitcase full of money. Just like the old "shell game" the one where you have to guess which one the pea's under you'll be guessing who's got the money and like the victims of the hucksters who run such games you'll probably guess wrong. Dagma Dominczyk as lovely Divana is a talented performer and an eyeful whether she's dancing with the huge snake around her shoulders or working her grift on all the unfortunate men in her orbit. Norman Reedus is fine as the young con who is flummoxed by the elusive beauty he was paid to kill. Don't count him out however for he turns out to be smarter than anyone gave him credit for. This oddball film is worth a look.
critique4409 Why did this movie fail commercially? It's got a sharp script (by Ron Shelton) and great performances by Kurt Russell and especially Robin Williams in a brilliant manic nerd turn that's different from any of his other work. A great renter.
critique4410 Claudine was one of the very first movies that gave positive role models for both Black men and women. I appreciated this movie even more as I got older. This movie shows that men didn't always turn away from responsibility. An excellent movie I'd always recommend for anyone who appreciates a good inner city love story.
critique4411 ***SPOILERS*** When undercover Brooklyn North Det. Eddie Santos Nestor Serranowas to meet his drug supplier Tito Zapatti Larry Romano in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn in a buy and bust operation with Tito being the one who gets busted that things went haywire with both Det. Santos and Tito ending up getting shot and killed by each other. During the deadly shootout an innocent bystander six year-old James Bone Jr.Jaliyl Lynnwas also killed in the cross-fire.<br /><br />With New York City slated to host the 1996 Democratic Presidential Convention that summer that last thing that the city's flamboyant Mayor Pappas Al Pacino wanted was a possible riot over young James Bones tragic death by a possible in was later determined that it was a bullet from Tito's gun that killed young James member of the New York City Police Department.<br /><br />What was far more shocking then even Bone's death is that his killer Tito Zapatti was given probation by the well respected NY State Judge Walter Stern Martin Landau. When he should have been put behind bars for 10 to 20 years by being arrested with a kilo of cocaine in the backseat of his car! It soon became evident that the person who got Judge Stern his job for a $50000.00 payoff was non other the Brooklyn political boss Frank Anselmo Danny Aiello. It's Anselmo who's involved with Mayor Pappas in a land deal involving the New York Subway System that would bring him and his real estate friends tens of millions of dollars over the next two years! It would also indirectly connect Mayor Pappas in the Bone killing by connecting him to Judge Stern who made it possible for Tito be be free who's a mutual friend of both him and his Gomba or Landsman Frank Anselmo!<br /><br />To keep all this from blowing up the late Det. Santons is framed by working undercover without the authority from his superiors in the Bone shooting. In fact those framing Santos go as far and hiding some $40000.00 in cash in his upstate summer home making it look like he was being paid off by Tito's uncle Mafia boss Paul Zapatti Anthony Francoisa for letting his nephew deal drugs with him getting a piece of the action. Which may well explain him as well as Tito getting shot by Tito welshing on his paying Santos off!<br /><br />As things turn out it's Mayor Pappas' deputy in City Hall Kevin Calhoun John Cusack who ends up messing everything up for his boss by being too honest in finding who was responsible in covering up Tito's criminal record that allowed him to be out on the streets. The facts that Kevin uncovered lead straight to Frank Anselmo a major political supporter of Mayor Pappas who as it turned out was connected by the hip to Tito's Mafia chieftain Uncle Paul!<br /><br />A bit over-plotted "City Hall" does show how big city corruption can filter up as well as down to everyone in city government without them like Mayor Pappas even knowing about it. Mayor Pappas biggest sin was that he was friends with Brooklyn Boss Anselmo who was putting people into jobs like Judge Stern who were subjected to being blackmailed from Anselmo's real boss Mafioso Paul Zapatti.<br /><br />***SPOILERS*** It only took a deadly shootout in Williamsburg to set everything into motion not by only Tito besides Det. Santos and James Bone being killed but why he was allowed to be out on the street in order to bring the very popular New York City Mayor down. Mayor Pappas was looking forward to much bigger things like Governor or even President in his future political pursuits. As it turned out his top deputy Kevin Calhoun in not looking the other way was responsible for his demise. As well as that of the Mayor's good friend Frank Anselmo and the person whom he helped put on the bench as a state judge Judge Stern. Who's decision in letting Tito Zapatti off made this whole disaster which resulted in at least a half dozen murders and one suicide possible!
critique4412 I was a little worried about actors and acting in Italy then "Le conseguenze dell'amore" and Toni Servillo came. It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen. Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years. The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie. Toni please keep on acting in movies you're for sure the coolest actor around today (and not just in Italy his performance deserves international acclamation). I rate this movie 9/10.
critique4413 I love this movie. My only disappointment was that some of the original songs were changed.<br /><br />It's true that Frank Sinatra does not get a chance to sing as much in this movie but it's also nice that it's not just another Frank Sinatra movie where it's mostly him doing the singing.<br /><br />I actually thought it was better to use Marlon Brando's own voice as he has the voice that fits and I could not see someone with this great voice pulling off the gangster feel of his voice.<br /><br />Stubby Kaye's "Sit Down You're Rockin' the Boat" is a foot-tappin' sing-a-long that I just love. He is a hard act to follow with his version and I still like his the best.<br /><br />Vivian Blaine is just excellent in this part and "Adelaide's Lament" is my favorite of her songs.<br /><br />I really thought Jean Simmons was perfect for this part. Maybe I would not have first considered her but after seeing her in the part it made sense.<br /><br />Michael Kidd's choreography is timeless. If it were being re staged in the year 2008 I would not change a thing.<br /><br />I find that many times something is lost from the stage version to the movie version but this kept the feel of the stage even though it was on film.<br /><br />I thought the movie was well cast. I performed in regional versions of this and it's one of my favorites of that period.
critique4414 Well...I like this movie first of all because it's very well thought of... and well..because the um...director and others chose an extremely great actor to play Mike....and also my last reason because ( my opinion) Elijah Wood is so so hot!!!
critique4415 Id just like to say that the film was good and touching. The film explains to you the real meaning of being saved or born again and is very well set out. The acting was quite good but could do with some improvements. The story Board is catchy and when my church had youth service and we watched it8 people gave there life to Christ. Id just like to say too anyone who is reading this give your life to Christ and repent from your sin. PLease visit www.lifeofacristian.piczo.com Thank you Andrew<br /><br />The word of God will not turn Void. So Get saved and repent from your sin!
critique4416 A brilliant and sensitive movie with interwoven plot lines. As a general warning the movie turns quite dark about half way through. As sudden as it is this is a change that I found fitting to the themes of the movie particularly the comparison of the Ishkanani to the filthy rich and (as is said by Finn at the end) how each person makes up the tribe and how the whole tribe is reflected in each person.<br /><br />Anton Yelchin (Finn Earl) is spectacular in this movie. He is probably best known as Chekov from Star Trek or Kyle Reese in Terminator Salvation but he's been in a whole plethora of movies you've probably never heard of (Alpha Dog which is another brilliant performance on Yelchin's part House of D Hearts in Atlantis to name a few...) The point is that this kid really takes this movie and makes it his own. Other excellent performances from Diane Lane and Donald Sutherland are what takes this movie up a notch from great to excellent.
critique4417 The BBC and HBO teamed up to create "Dirty War" a 90 minute TV movie about a terrorist "dirty bomb" attack in London. The film gets down to business quickly as it packs both the terrorist and the government anti-terrorist efforts into the film leaving little room for human interest subplots. On the terrorist side we follow the bomb from the smuggling of radioactive materials to assembly to deployment to detonation. On the government side we see PR and training exercises intelligence gathering and analysis interdiction post-detonation response and follow up. The film also imparts a sense of how Al-Qa'ida type terrorist cells are organized the radical Islamic terrorist mentality and terrorist strategies. A sort of anatomy of a "dirty bomb" incident "Dirty War" will answer many questions lurking in the minds of a public becoming ever more aware of this insidious threat. (B)
critique4418 Man I think people have forgotten how to watch a movie. Everyone thinks they're a critic. They comment on things that the average movie goer doesn't even know or think about.<br /><br />I enjoyed the film. It was what I was expecting therefore was not disappointed. Steven gets a bad rap for putting his views into his films but that's also a reason to watch. What's even more funny is the people that complain about his films say he's the worst and that we shouldn't watch his films yet watch his movies anyway. All so they can comment on how bad they are. Who's the dummy? If you don't like his work don't watch it. Then you won't have to subject yourself to this supposedly painful event.<br /><br />Stop comparing movies to other movies and watch a movie on an individual basis and you may begin to enjoy films again.
critique4419 Latter days is the best gay movie of the homosexual genre. Most of the films entail sappy stories one night stands and let us not forget infamous baseball teams? Latter days actually contains male affection beyond the kiss in the dark and quite graphic material that made me wonder whether the film belonged at Blockbuster or badpuppy.com. The films emotional journey is what sets it above the rest in the genre. Not until this film had I seen a story of such intense passion and love and the torture that it can bring. I think when people cry during movies they should be beaten but I found myself sobbing throughout several scenes because of the realistic nature of the world in which we live. I suggest every gay male see this film and if you have a boyfriend thank him...
critique4420 Have you ever found yourself watching a film or documentary and having to hold yourself back from screaming things like "No! Don't do it!"? No? Well it's time you do. And undoubtedly DEEP WATER is the one to get you started.<br /><br />The story is based on that of Donald Crowhurst and his entry into the first round-the-world yacht race to be undertaken by individuals in 1968. That word "individuals" is important as the men who set off on this nearly suicidal escapade head out alone.<br /><br />Most of the men are well-knowns in the sea-faring communities of England (where they launch from) but one of them is the "unknown dark horse" and his name was Donald Crowhurst. Struggling financially Crowhurst enlists a backer who can take everything from him should he fail to at least attempt to make it through a large portion of the race. He could take his home his property everything.<br /><br />Crowhurst now finds himself between a rock and ...well ...deep water: either attempt the race with an unproven ship and an unproven captain or lose everything you own (which was significant since Crowhurst had a wife and several children). You'll note the term "unproven captain" in there too. Not only was he unproven he'd never been out on the open sea! Did I mention suicidal? Flicking between archival footage of the pre- and post-race and those of Crowhurst's friends family and acquaintances of today Deep Water is put together masterfully. Initially seen as a poor sap who got in over his head the film gradually shows you the limited choices Crowhurst had after months and months out on the water. His ship leaks. Equipment breaks. Psyche stretched to the breaking point (and beyond). Crowhurst finds himself lost in an internal struggle with no successful way out. It is interesting too to see the psychological breaks that other racers have as they deal with their solitary confinement on-board their respective boats.<br /><br />The wave-like emotions that you'll feel as you watch this astounding documentary may make you a bit ill (not unlike trying to get your sea-legs). And you'll probably be frustrated at the choices being made; perhaps just as frustrated as poor Mr. Crowhurst.<br /><br />The ending is also amazing in that we get to see the actual ship that Crowhurst sailed sitting deserted and rotting on a Caribbean beach ...not unlike other things that felt deserted and rotting toward the end of this poorly thought-out race.<br /><br />Incredible.
critique4421 This is one of the best TV productions of a musical ever. I have heard the Merman cast album the Angela Lansbury album I have seen Tyne Daly live and I've seen the Rosalind Russell movie countless times. I think Bette is if not the best then tied with the best. She captures not just the bravura but also the pathos of Mama Rose. I was never a Natalie Wood fan so I really enjoyed Cynthia Gibb in what is arguably her best role. Everything from the costumes to the sets to the supporting performances is wonderful. The three strippers led by the always-dependable Christine Ebersole are hard to top. There was supposed to be a TV production of Mame a few years back with Cher but I think Bette would be the best bet (pun intended) for Auntie Mame.
critique4422 A complex story laid on the background of partition of Bharat. An honest Muslim who kidnaps an innocent Hindu girl and an educated Hindu who burns the harvest of a Muslim man - yet in the end you end up liking them both. The story is powerful yet the screenplay and flow are hesitant. Background music score and the songs are outstanding. Next comes memorable acting by veteran Urmila Matondkar. Photography captures the time the violence and flavor of rural Punjab very well. Others actors either did not act well or did not get a chance to act. Direction is really the weakest link. The characters were not developed well. Not crisp in contrast to "the Earth" where even a 5-line character leaves a mark. The end is very interesting. This story could have several different ending - and all of them could have been equally good.
critique4423 This was the best documentary I've ever seen!! I just saw Lords of Dogtown and wanted to know more about Stacy Peralta and was surprised and happy to find out this was one of his films as well. Great Job Stacy! I was kicking back at work last week bored O*&^%less and this movie came on. Growing up in Orange County in the 80's I surfed up and down the local beaches and so did my dad when he was a teenager. I grew up at the beach my parents took me every weekend I body surfed boogeyboarded then moved up from there. This movie just captivated me. It was way before my time but it was awesome to see what these guys went through..TRUE PIONEERS! This movie is a collectors item.
critique4424 This is an amazing movie and is very clever at using the few actors and sets. It is also very shocking - the physical and psychological torture (both explicit and implied) is mixed with calm and even humourous stretches. So the horror is always unexpected and brutal. I'm not soft but this would have to be the most shocking film I have ever seen. The message of this film is definitely delivered with a sledgehammer. This is the film I will always remember both actors for.
critique4425 To watch this film from start to finish without bursting into laughter at some point requires almost an act of faith as one has to keep saying to oneself "it's old" "it's a classic" "be kind" not because the movie is so bad but because at its best it's so good. This is one dated movie. It's also a classic if a tarnished one. I'm not inclined to laugh at people anyway on principle and I get more than a little irritated when others do so. To make fun of The Informer to my mind is a little like giggling at an idiot savant when he dribbles his orange juice all over the tablecloth. Yes one says to oneself he is an idiot and yet when he's on top of his game he is also a true savant. The same is true for The Informer which is on occasion very dreadful indeed and yet it boasts splendid photography some fine acting a wonderful score and a good decent simple story. In the end which I won't give away politics religion and psychology come together in a church in such a way as to make the scene seem corny and over the top and yet so is life sometimes. Uneducated people of simple faith behave differently from us (presumably brilliant) modern folks and the scene isn't so much unbelievable (I buy it but I know the Irish) as embarrassing. Yet people do behave that way they do say things like that. Not everyone is hip and it may not even be desirable for everyone to be hip. Are people today so much superior to those of seventy or eighty years ago? And in what way? I don't think so. We're just different. Now go watch the movie.
critique4426 This movie took me by surprise. I first saw it more than 10 years ago and it stays with me still. It's got it's just plain boring points and I personally would have ended it differently- this has not in the least bit discouraged me from watching it over and over and recommending it to others. The acting is _fantastic_. The cast and director do an amazing job with the script and anyone who likes 'different' movies who has the patience to sit and say "What the hell is this?" and allow themselves to be drawn in should give this film a chance. If you just want Alan Rickman to be goofy or to see things explode this is not the movie for you.
critique4427 I really enjoyed the reunion a lot! I would have rated it a 10 if they had had "Hassie" and "Little Luke". There wasn't even a mention of where they are today or why they didn't participate in the reunion. They were very popular characters and I think it was a mistake not to give an explanation about their lack of appearance.<br /><br />Anyway I was glad that TNN ran the series again! I had been looking for episodes for years and what a joy to be able to tape the whole series (I may have missed a few episodes). Jenny Hanahan
critique4428 Roopa (Kamalinee Mukherjee) loses her parents and other family members in a gruesome car accident. She starts living on her own as an independent woman without taking any help from her relatives. She has a boy friend named Rahul (Anuj) and is about to get married to him but backs out due to the behavior of her future mother-in-law and due to lack of confidence shown by her boyfriend. Anand (Raja) joins her neighborhood. And he starts making Roopa feel comfortable and secure. The rest of the story is about why Anand - MD of the richest corporate house of AP - has chosen to reside as neighbor of Roopa and what follows next.<br /><br />This movie has a freshness to it which we rarely see in Indian movies to it. Although the story goes slow you get a sense of familiarity with it. Kudos to the director shekhar kammula for such an awesome direction! Brilliant music and background score composed by K.M. Radhakrishnan adds to the quality. Kamalini mukherjee as Rupa has given a marvelous performance. I think she was the best choice for this role because of her non-glamorous looks and amazing histrionics. Anand as Raja has done well too. I have watched this movie thrice now and enjoyed it thoroughly every time. It is a class apart from the daily dose of action movies we get here. Highly recommended!!
critique4429 Being from a small town in Illinois myself I can instantly relate to this movie. Considering the era it was made in the townsfolk look uncomfortably like a lot of people I grew up with. Yes the plot is so-so. And yes the Acting is not going to get nominated for an Oscar anytime soon. But that isn't the point. The point is to suspend reality and just have FUN. And this movie has Fun aplenty. From the greedyuncaring banker to the well meaningbut dimwitted deputy this movie was made to poke fun at the SciFi genre and small town living at it's best. Who can't smile at the sight of the Enforcer Drone or the Vern Droid? and I LOVED the FarmZoid. Wish I had one when I was growing up. Overall considering the technology they had available at the time this is a pleasant romp into one's childhood when you could sit back on a Saturday afternoon Popcorn in hand and laugh at the foibles of small town living. This is a movie I would watch again and again if for no other reason than to poke fun at myself and my small town ways.
critique4430 I was very lucky to see this film as part of the Melbourne International Film Festival 2005 only a few days ago. I must admit that I am very partial to movies that focus on human relations and especially the ones which concentrate on the tragic side of life. I also love the majority of Scandinavian cinematic offerings there is often a particular deep quality in the way the story unfolds and the characters are drawn. Character building in this film is extraordinary in its details and its depth. This is despite the fact that we do encounter quite a number of characters all with very particular personal situations and locations within their community. The audience at the end of the screening was very silent and pensive. I am still playing some of those scenes in my mind and I am still amazed at their power and meaningfulness.
critique4431 Anyone familiar with horror films knows that most of them are not scary at all. Some people enjoy gorefests with subpar story lines and character development. I personally enjoy horror films that focus on atmosphere and interesting concepts (e.g. A Tale of Two Sisters Kairo etc.). Whatever the type of horror film one personally likes there are only a select few that really scare you. Noroi is one of them.<br /><br />This is a documentary-style movie which means that the entire film is a compilation of video clips that are linked by the legend of a demonic entity named Kagutaba. The premise is that a journalist filmed his own footage by interviewing people associated with the demonic rituals associated with Kagutaba then compiled footage from other sources that link with his research. What results is a relentlessly chilling experience that feels very real and very disturbing despite the fact that the story itself is fake.<br /><br />Some have compared Noroi with The Blair Witch Project but the only similarity is the documentary style. One obvious difference between the films is that Noroi scares the viewer by linking events to one another using different sources. For example the journalist records the exterior of a house that he is researching and sees something strange on the porch. Later in the film a clip from another character's home video introduces that very same strange occurrence. The viewer's memory links the two incidents and chills start running down their spine. Another example involves a television show with a child psychic who answers every single question correctly except for one. In fact her answer is so wrong that the viewer may wonder what the filmmakers were thinking. Later on however that wrong answer turns out to be linked to an extremely disturbing event. This is intelligent film-making indeed.<br /><br />Another difference between Noroi and Blair Witch is that Noroi provides not one but two very long finales the second of which is placed a minute after the credits start to roll and is the single greatest scare scene in the history of horror cinema. I do not say such things lightly. It totally wrecked me in a wonderous way.<br /><br />Other aspects of film-making are well done. The legend and ritualistic background of Kagutaba are very interesting and most of the actors did a good job. The only over-the-top performance comes from a guy who's supposed to be crazy anyway so that's expected. The cinematography is intentionally gritty because all of the footage is supposed to represent videos shot on camcorders. Japanese films are not known for their special effects but the effects used here were awesome. In some cases they create an other-worldly feel (e.g. the static interference or the first finale) but in other cases they are alarmingly realistic (e.g. the second finale).<br /><br />When all is said and done Noroi goes down as the scariest film I've ever seen. I would go so far as to say that there is no film in existence that provides such sheer terror from beginning to end like Noroi does. See it now.
critique4432 Although some may call it a "Cuban Cinema Paradiso" the movie is closer to a How Green Was My Valley a memory film mourning for a lost innocence. The film smartly avoids falling into a political trap of taking sides (pro-Castro? anti-Castro? focusing instead in the human frailty of the characters and the importance of family. Filled with good acting in particular from Mexican actress Diana Bracho who plays Keitel's wife. A masterpiece filled with references to classic movies from CASABLANCA to Chaplin's CITY LIGHTS. Gael Garcia Bernal plays a small role which is critical for the dramatic payoff of the story. TV director Georg Stanford Brown in a rare return to acting (remember THE ROOKIES?) plays a homeless bum who acts as Greek chorus superbly. It is a pity that this movie originally titled DREAMING OF JULIA has been released in the States by THINKfilm with the atrocious title of CUBAN BLOOD which has nothing to do with the movie.
critique4433 When it comes to creating a universe George Lucas is the undisputed master and his final Star Wars film is very very good (and more appropriately rated in comparison to the two previous films in the original saga). Having recently seen Revenge of the Sith really puts this movie in perspective. The final battle seems even more climactic knowing what Anakin Skywalker went through at the manipulative hands of the Emperor. It also makes the final battle between Luke and Vader more bitter considering the love he felt for PadmÃƒÂ© and the love she felt for her children. Actually while the new films (especially Episode II) are inferior to the original films they are good for one reason only. They make the old films seem even better.<br /><br />Mark Hamill does an exceptional job in this movie. He really brings the changes Luke has gone through seem real. In all fairness I believe that he should have become a big actor based on these films because he really does a great job. Harrison Ford is still good. However you can feel that he has done Raiders and Blade Runner in between the two final chapters of Star Wars because he seems to have grown quite a bit. He adds more comedy (obviously inspired from Raiders) to the character which works brilliantly. In short Han Solo is better than ever. Carrie Fisher was never really a good actress but she does a decent job and is certainly passable. Ian McDiarmid appears in this film and having seen Episode III I can safely say that he is one of the most accomplished villains ever. James Earl Jones still provides the voice for Vader and he is still very very good.<br /><br />In terms of how the movie looks its pretty safe to say that the Star Wars universe looks better than in either of the previous (two) movies but this was always Lucas' fortÃƒÂ© so that is really to be expected. The final battle over Endor is very well made both in terms of the general effects and tension wise. It was also a nice touch that Lucas decided to have three battles take place at the same time as it added to the overall tension of the climax. <br /><br />The only thing I feel is dragging the movie down from an otherwise deserved 9 are the Ewoks. These little creatures are so annoying they almost ruin every scene they are in. Besides I find it to be a little to kiddy when a group of teddy bears with bows and arrows can defeat a squadron of Storm Troopers with laser guns and mighty machinery.<br /><br />All in all Return of the Jedi is a very good movie but the fact that Richard Marquand is a less accomplished director than Irvin Kershner does that the overall feel of the movie is less than brilliant. Also George Lucas' stupid decision to add the Ewoks to the universe does that the film falls short of brilliance.<br /><br />8/10
critique4434 Surface was one of the few truly unique shows on TV last season. I can honestly say I modified my schedule so I could be home to watch every episode. Tons of action suspense science fiction etc.<br /><br />Story was of a boy who found an egg that hatched into a sea creature. The same sea creature that had killed the main character's brother and the woman character (oceanographer) had seen. Most people think it is a deadly killing machine but the one raised from the egg was very friendly.<br /><br />Only problem is NBC canceled it so now we'll never know what happens... Hopefully Sci-Fi or some other channel will pick it up.
critique4435 I have to admit that I approached this movie with a sense of expectation and dread. Louis de Berniere's bestselling novel is one of my favourites and anyone who has read it will realise that there is no way in hell that any screen adaptation can be 100% faithful. <br /><br />All the way through I found myself convincing myself that the movie was unsuccessful and had stripped the book's plot back so far as to render it redundant. The ending however is much better than that in the novel and I could not stop thinking about the movie afterwards. Still the plusses (John Toll's magnificent cinematography Stephen Warbeck's great score etc) I felt did not outweigh my initial negatives (Cage's miscasting a heavily diluted script).<br /><br />But two days later I was queuing again to see Corelli and although not perfect I have to admit now that the movie is the best anyone could have expected. Cage is actually brilliant in a role that even de Berniere was concerned was not a fully rounded character: his carefree spirit which gives way to shattered remorse is spot on and complements the superb double act of Penelope Cruz and John Hurt perfectly. David Morrissey is quietly effective as Weber the Nazi officer trying to reconcile his feelings for his newfound Italian friends and his inbred superiority complex to those around him. And the fine Greco-Italian supporting cast bring de Berniere's sundrenched world of Cepholonia dazzlingly alive.<br /><br />On leaving the cinema second time around I finally let go my passion for the novel which prevented me from fully appreciating the story of WW2 Cepholonia in cinematic terms. My hat goes off to John Madden who despite the almost expected critical drubbing he is receiving from the British critics (any director who has had a major success like Shakespeare in Love behind them is always a target for these moaning ninnies!)has managed to transfer a terrifically difficult book to the big screen with such heart verve and humanity (the core virtues of the novel in fact) that he has created another classic love story that will probably only be fully appreciated when the dust has settled a few years from now.<br /><br />If you are a fan of the book like me it's hard but try not to make the same mistake on your initial viewing. Try to erase the book from your mind for two hours bathe yourself in the glorious Mediterranean atmosphere and discover Corelli Pelagia Mandras Dr Iannis as if for the first time (pretend you're watching something made from an original screenplay) and I guarantee you won't be disappointed. <br /><br />In fact you'll be eagerly waiting to own your own copy of this delightful movie on video or DVD.<br /><br />8/10
critique4436 This cartoon is short on plot but is a visually stunning piece of work. There will be very very minor spoilers: <br /><br />This short has a "story" that's incredibly slight-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. Both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. That's pretty much the plot such as it is. But this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. The visuals are exceptional. Back in 1936 such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly inspired work here.<br /><br />My favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. At more than one point there are a series of pipes aligned in a row from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.<br /><br />The visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly well executed. These types of shorts were things which Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising are noted for but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from MGM because this cartoon probably went over budget and MGM finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than Harman and Ising were.<br /><br />This is truly a beautiful cartoon and is well worth seeing. It's available on the DVD Attack of the '30s Characters. Recommended particularly if you like good animation.
critique4437 When our local TV station first launched it filled a lot of its schedule with old British programming. "Lock Up Your Daughters!" was duly aired and I -- swayed by the opening few seconds of the film -- popped in a blank tape. Best thing I ever did.<br /><br />The actors are beautifully suited to their characters and bring them to delightful life complete with appropriate accents (Christopher Plummer's Foppington will leave you in stitches as will Hoyden and her family). Double entendres abound plot-line wheels within wheels mix and match the characters hilarious sight gags lurk in every scene and risquÃƒÂ© comments are made on a regular basis.<br /><br />I showed the film to friends a few years ago and they called the piece "a lost treasure" as much for the cast as for the story. To this day I can crack up just thinking about the dialog. Should this gem ever find its way to a DVD release I'll be at the front of the line.
critique4438 Chan is in New York and he gets involved with an attempt to sabotage a new aircraft design.<br /><br />The war was over a year away from reaching America but the second world war was already raging everywhere else in the world and so it colored everything since most people probably realized that war was coming. Here the War isn't mentioned but the fact that the film deals with the production of planes at the very least alludes to it. The mystery itself is pretty good it the notion of plane sabotage lends itself nicely to a couple of rather tense moments. To be certain we are talking about Charlie Chan so we can be certain that he would live to fight another day but there was no guarantee what condition he would be in not whether anyone around him would survive.<br /><br />I really like this film a great deal. Its not one of the nest and far from the worst. It is one of the truly rare things a truly enjoyable one. Definitely worth a look or six.
critique4439 ...would probably be the best word to describe this film (in my opinion). besides one great heck of a fan service for fan girls (well that was redundant~) it was the story that blew me away. hurray for Takahisa Zeze and Gackt! and i know some people will disagree with me on this one but it wasn't any of the big three actors (the guys that played Sho son and Kei) that gave the best performance (for me anyway). it was Taro Yamamoto boy #5 from battle Royale! <br /><br />don't get me wrong i like Hyde i worship his voice but the problem was that some of his scenes came a little bit 'off' but i loved that scene where he danced with the dead guy's body killing the other guys. and Gackt wasn't at all that bad too i preferred how his character was kind of aloof from the start. nothing much i can say about my background on lee-Hom Wang i won't pretend to know him but he carried his own weight with the star-studded cast. <br /><br />this movie paved the way for one of the best collaborations I've ever heard Orenji No Taiyou (forgive my spelling if it's wrong). while the complete song lasts about nine minutes you wouldn't notice the length because you'd be enjoying hearing Gackt and Hyde together. <br /><br />anyway this movie is a must-see not only for the fans (huge fan base~) but for those who enjoy sci-fi futuristic movies Asian-style.
critique4440 Wonderland is the fascinating film chronicling the x-rated film star John C. Holmes involvement in the brutal Wonderland murders.<br /><br />The movie's promotion misleads one into thinking this a romanticized portrayal of the porn industry in the vein of Boogie Nights and that is not the case here.In factexcept for a few references made by newscasters that John Holmes is a porn star and a brief montage of real-life footage of John Holmes this film is strictly drama about a fallen celebrity's involvement with murder and how it happened.<br /><br />Despite being mislead the film is actually engaging.The acting from all the cast is excellent and I'd like to say that Val Kilmer is amazing in his ability to get down all the mannerisms of John Holmes.I was completely convinced that I was watching what John C. Holmes probably looked and acted like in real life.<br /><br />If you are a John C. Holmes fan or like stories about Hollywood then I think you will enjoy watching Wonderland.
critique4441 A hundred miles away from the scene of a grizzly murder in small town American Jill Johnson (Belle) settles in for a night of babysitting. With the children asleep and a beautiful home to relax in she locks the door and sets the alarm. But when a series of eerie phone calls from a stranger says that she "check the children" Jill panics. Fear to terror when she has the calls traced. And what the police find turns the perfect babysitting job into a 16-year-old's worst nightmare. There aren't any other lead actors in this movie. Camilla Belle is the main star with a cute face. The day she arrives to babysit she really has no idea what in the hell really awaits her.<br /><br />If I were in a house like the one Jill was in. I would explore everything that is around. The fridge would be the first person I would looks at but I'm a male and I don't babysit. But what I found funny was the size of the house. I was thinking would the movie be the same if the house weren't so big? Anyone could get lost in that huge house but this movie needed a house with a massive size.<br /><br />Camilla Belle has a cute face a perfect smile but it's like for a movie like this the lead actress needs someone with experience. I found Camilla not that good. I don't know maybe she thought that this could be her breakthrough role. I do like her she is a cute girl but someone to have a role in this movie has to be someone how is different to take it.<br /><br />This movie wasn't scary. I also found this movie more like a "chick flick". I think the only reason this was released during the SuperBowl Weekend was that the guys stay home and watch the game and the girls go out to go see this. It also seems like a type of a movie when girls will enjoy more than guys. But I did like this movie but for how it is. Girls just like tog et scared or scream. This was just a pretty decent movie.<br /><br />Maybe anyone could like this movie. There are many PG-13 horror films that never succeed. This was on its own level. So I kinda liked this movie. I give it a 7/10.
critique4442 The story of Ned Kelly has been enshrouded in myth and exaggeration for time out of hand and this film is no exception. What ensures Ned Kelly has a permanent place in history is the effort he went to in order to even the odds against the policemen hunting him. During several battles he marched out wearing plates of beaten iron off which the bullets available to police at the time would harmlessly bounce. Indeed it is only because there were a few bright sparks among the Victorian police who noticed he hadn't plated up his legs that he was captured and hanged. The story has been told in schools and histories of Australia for so long that some permutations of the story have ironically become boring. The more the stories try to portray Kelly as some inhuman or superhuman monster the less people pay attention.<br /><br />Which is where this adaptation of Our Sunshine a novel about the Kelly legend excels. Rather than attempting to portray a Ned Kelly who is as unfeeling as the armour he wore the film quickly establishes him as a human being. Indeed the reversal of the popular legend showing the corruption of the Victorian police and the untenable situation of the colonists goes a long way to make this film stand out from the crowd. Here Ned Kelly is simply a human being living in a time and place where in order to be convicted of murder one simply had to be the nearest person to the corpse when a policeman found it. No I am not making that up. About the only area where the film errs is by exaggerating the Irish versus English mentality of the battles. While the Kelly gang were distinctly Irish Australia has long been a place where peoples of wildly varied ethnicities have mixed together almost seamlessly (a scene with some Chinese migrants highlights this).<br /><br />Heath Ledger does an amazing job of impersonating Australia's most notorious outlaw. It is only because of the fame he has found in other films that the audience is aware they are watching Ledger and not Kelly himself. Orlando Bloom has finally found a role in which he doesn't look completely lost without his bow and Geoffrey Rush's appearance as the leader of the police contingent at Glenrowan goes to show why he is one of the most revered actors in that desolate little island state. But it is Naomi Watts appearing as Julia Cook who gets a bit of a bum deal in this film. Although the film basically implies that Cook was essentially the woman in Ned Kelly's life but you would not know that from the minimal screen time that she gets here. Indeed a lot of the film's hundred and ten minutes feels more freeze-dried than explorative. Once the element of police corruption is established in fact the film rockets along so fast at times that it almost feels rushed.<br /><br />Unfortunately most of the film's strengths are not capitalised upon. Rush barely gets more screen time than his name does in the opening and closing credits. Ditto for Watts and the rest of the cast come off a little like mannequins. I can only conclude that another fifteen or even thirty minutes of footage might have fixed this. But that leads to the other problem in that the lack of any depth or background to characters other than the titular hero leaves the events of the story with zero impact. One scene manages to do the speech-making thing well but unfortunately it all becomes a collage of moments with no linking after a while. If one were to believe the impression that this film creates a matter of weeks even days passes between the time that Ned Kelly becomes a wanted man on the say-so of one corrupt policeman and the infamous shootout at Glenrowan. Annoyingly the trial and execution of Ned Kelly is not even depicted here simply referred to in subtitles before the credits roll.<br /><br />That said aside from some shaky camera-work at times Ned Kelly manages to depict some exciting shootouts and it has a good beginning. For that reason I rated it a seven out of ten. Other critics have not been so kind so if you're not impressed by shootouts with unusual elements (and what could more more unusual than full body armour in a colonial shootout?) then you might be better off looking elsewhere. Especially if you want a more factual account of Ned Kelly's life.
critique4443 i actually thought this is a comedy and sat watching it expecting to laugh my ass off. pretty soon in became clear this is no comedy or at least not a 'Jim Carrey type' one. what kept we watching was the characters - the movie starts with some pretty grim troubled people gathered together to try and fight one of their basic fears - fear of water fear of swimming. we start to get bit by bit into their lives witness their troubles guess of their thoughts.<br /><br />actually i made it look much darker than it actually is and besides the chain of events soon brings some light and hope to their lives.<br /><br />i probably wouldn't have watched the movie had i known its not a comedy but rather a drama but i had good time enjoyed the story and don't mind i spent about 90 minutes with it.<br /><br />many films treat the alienation between people in the western world this movie shows how people can get together and help each other<br /><br />"and if in the light of dying day you meet her don't let her pass you by and leave don't loose her she is your gift from the sun..."<br /><br />9/10<br /><br />peace and love
critique4444 this isn't 'Bonnie and Clyde' or 'Thelma and Louise' but it is a fine road movie. it sets up its two main characters gently and easily. viewers learn the underlying tensions quickly which is a tribute to the director. there is the young french (and English) speaking son who wants to do well in France has a french girlfriend and who drinks alcohol parties as young men do. And there is his moroccan arabic (and french) speaking father who devoutly follows his Muslim faith with generosity and the wisdom of elders and who rejects the new culture surrounding him (like mobile phones). the film could explore very powerful politics - the odd couple drive thru the former Yugoslavia thru Turkey and then thru the Middle East to get to Mecca. these are areas where the Muslim populations have been involved in wars repression ethnic cleansing; where dictators have pursued torture and summary executions to hold power and where religious communities are in constant deadly battle with each other. yet the film moves thru those places and possibilities with only hints of such agendas. the relationship between the two is key to this film and faith politics are the backdrop. it seems to be saying that we are all human and need to understand and care for each other in order to manage well in this world. it certainly isn't 'Natural Born Killers' and is all the better for it.
critique4445 If you have ever been has a friend or a kid that is or was into skating at one time then watch this flick!. I have seen it several times and I get something new out of it every time that I see it. It reminded me of why I got into skating in the first place (a long time ago) . It reminded me of what skating brings to a person and I have found will also help a person who doesn't understand why skaters well skate. Sure there is a very dark side to the whole seen which the movie does touch on slightly. But it tends to focus more on what is at the core of skating. Just a person on a board doing it because they love to do it. This movie was so inspirational to me that I'm now skating once again (I'm 32) and I haven't been this happy with my self in yearsÃ‚Â….. Give this one a go you will not be disappointed.
critique4446 Two years passed and mostly everyone looks different some for good and some for worse. I still enjoyed as much as I did the original though.<br /><br />Some flaws they had though like changing the Joker he now has no red lips and looks like more blackish hair and black pupils hes still voiced by Mark Hamill which is a plus I guess. They made Poison Ivy more white hinting that she is becoming more like a plant and Catwomen looks much different and not as "attractive" as she was in the original.<br /><br />Though costumes like Batman Batgirl Killer Croc and Scarecrow look badass especially Scarecrow.<br /><br />The show isn't as dark as the original because Batman doesn't work as alone as he used to. Most of the time working with Batgirl and the new Robin Tim Drake. While NightWing(Dick Grayson) comes to the rescue often. Batman gave up the yellow logo and with the black wing on his suit and seems like he got a bit bigger but still kicking tons of ass.<br /><br />The show isn't as good as the original mostly because of some of the revamped characters but the stories are as exciting as ever and the dialogue is still elite. "Over the Edge" might be one of the greatest Batman episodes ever so make sure you check that out.<br /><br />Overall 8-9/10
critique4447 Was lucky enough to be an extra in this great film and loved every minute of the filming. Went to the premier in London and had a great chat to Phil Peter Martin and Jon as did my wife.Fantastic after party too. Then a few weeks later had trip to the cinema with members of our bike club. What a brilliant film it deserves to be up there with all the great biker films. Now we have the DVD Sue my wife can't get enough of it neither can the kids. Get a bit of stick from the club who seem to think I'm a film star now oh well one can only dream. I think they are just jealous. The only downside of the first part of the filming was the weather rain rain and more rain but hey we was in Wales. Hopefully there will be a follow up so keep me posted Jon. Danny Beck
critique4448 I wasn't expecting much because of the harsh reviews and proceeded to enjoy the movie a great deal as a result. Softer colors and less stunning compositions of the shots than some of his previous films in my opinion allowed the narrative to take the focus. Though the religious conflict in a vampire flick was commonplace I felt like many of the other things were not. For example:<br /><br />how his powers were often revealed through interaction with her.<br /><br />the very strong and well acted love scenes.<br /><br />the symbolism of the man they killed to get closer to each other actually separating them even more.<br /><br />Their strong differences of what it means to be 'vampire' created by their prior life experiences.<br /><br />the lack of scores of other vampires appearing or being created through the movie.<br /><br />I've heard and read several things about 'tricks used in other films'. Of course. However i feel that tricks are used to emphasize what is happening in the scene and I feel that he does this well. I don't need a director to use new tricks. I prefer that the tricks that are used are used well and appropriately which i feel is the case with this film. <br /><br />I recommend it.
critique4449 This is what porn used to be this is a true classic. I mean it is an x-rated musical based on an actual book! There is a real plot to it and how many x-rated movies can boast that these days? This belongs in an exclusive short-list of true pornographic movie classics including Debby Does Dallas Deep Throat and Behind the Green Door. I think the problem with "pornographic movies" these days is that it's all about the "pornographic" and not about the "movie". Alice in Wonderland has graphic depictions of sex sure but it is actually telling a story at the same time. Not one of the typical "Oh Mr. Police Man don't write me a ticket" plots this takes it another step further and makes it a musical! Fabulous! If you want to see an example of "good" porn this is one of the best.
critique4450 There are not many movies around that have given me a feeling like Stardust did all throughout the course of the film. As magically fairy-tale-like as The Princess Bride Stardust is most definitely the most wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000's as well as the 1990's. Exciting hilarious and equipped with wonderful imagery as well as unforgettable characters Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert DeNiro's especially I challenge anyone to watch this movie without a smile. From the first ten minutes of the film you know perfectly well how it will end but it is the journey and not the destination that enthralls the viewer from start to finish.<br /><br />Ten stars and not a decimal less.
critique4451 In this sequel to the 1989 action-comedy classic K-9 detective Dooley James Belushi and his dog Jerry Lee return to fight crime but this time they are teamed up with another detective Christine Tucci and her partner a mean Doberman named Zues who does not get along with Jerry Lee very well. Dooley does not get along with his new partner much either. That all changes as the movie goes along. The movie is intense as their is a guy that really wants to kill Dooley for the way he treated him in the past. There is some dramatic scenes dealing with the death of Dooley's wife that don't really seem to be with the tone of the movie because the rest of the movie is action sequences dog poop jokes fart jokes and jokes about dogs biting bad guys in a certain area. I know that that seems like very low humor but some of it is actually very funny. I didn't see this movie for the jokes I saw it for two reasons. The first reason is because I am a big James Belushi fan and the second is for the action sequences. James Belushi is funnier than he was in K-9 and the action sequences at are better too. It would have been nice to see more characters from K-9 to return but it's still a fun movie. If you are a James Belushi fan you'll love this movie.
critique4452 Roy Scheider is not Steve McQueen or Clint Eastwood but then who is? The Seven-Ups is one of the better cop movies even today and is second only to McQueen's Bullitt and the Dirty Harry series which isn't bad company. There are three things that seem to make a good cop movie: Believable script with great acting great car chase scenes and some heavy action. This movie has all three and the car chase scene is better than that in Dirty Harry. Scheider plays the head of a group of cops out to get NY's bad guys sentenced to seven years or more; hence the name Seven-Ups. Overall not quite up to Dirty Harry or Bullitt but far better than all of the cop movies made since the Dirty Harry series. 9/10.
critique4453 I'm guessing that we all no matter if we are fans of cars luv the sound of a Dodge Challenger as it growls along the road the noise a 57 Chevy make as it screams with ecstasy when it tears round a corner and most of all the blast of sound as a classic vehicle bursts into flames as it explodes. I'm not the biggest car enthusiast by any stretch of the imagination but any of the above really does rev my engine! There's no denying the importance of transport on cinema. It has even been said that the invention of the train was one of the biggest influences on early cinema (looking out a window almost like a moving picture and the idea of being transported to a different time/space). But the car remains the most popular and most luved it's even got its own genre: the carsploitation genre. A genre that focuses purely on the beauty of cars. In effect it's just porn! Car porn! And I'm not talking about that rather nasty documentary on Channel 4 in which men actually had sexual intercourse with cars. Whatever floats your...car I guess. Moving on... whilst RUNNING ON EMPTY isn't quite as pornographic as VANISHING POINT (Richard C. Sarafian 1971) for instance with its close ups of the car in motion all it's bumps and curves (!) this doesn't mean that the car isn't the main focus of this film. In fact the cars themselves become characters (more on that later). They're objectified and fetishised as much as the women in fact maybe even more. And holy holy are these cars something! Every car in this film (besides the ones in the background) are simply beautiful Ã‚Â– works of art there's no question about it.<br /><br />As I was saying these incredible cars are in a way given characters themselves. You actually start sympathising with the car! SPOILER Ã‚Â– Most notably during the scene in which the car is being wrecked and burnt SPOILER OVER. This has become almost a convention of the carsploitation genre; the evil 1978 Plymouth Fury from CHRISTINE (John Carpenter 1983) Satan's custom Lincoln Mark III in THE CAR (Elliot Silverstein 1977) the nifty little Mini Coopers from THE Italian JOB (Peter Collinson 1969) to the friendly Volkswagen Beetle in THE LOVE BUG (Robert Stevenson 1968) and of course each car from DEATH RACE 2000 (Paul Bartel 1975) and even WACKY RACES (1968-1970) all of which had their own character. Ironically however this emphasis on the car often over takes (!) the human characters! And this is certainly the case with RUNNING ON EMPTY in which only one human character (the blind character who drives his car with his hearing rather than sight) has any sort of dimension the rest are very much stock characters. These are all your stereotypical Australian 1980s teenagers; big hair annoying accents and none of whom would look out of place in NEIGHBOURS especially the Kylie Minouge look-a-like. But who gives a damn? It's all about the cars racing and crashing! That's it! If you don't like that you really are watching the wrong genre.<br /><br />The car scenes are certainly the selling point of this film and the best thing it's got going for it. They are fast; very fast! And we're not talking about the rather annoying technique some films seem to use where they record the car 'speeding' at around 40mph and then speed it up. Oooh no! Not with this film you don't. These cars are zooming along at top speeds in real time Ã‚Â– no fancy editing tricks here. So we've got speed. Check. What about crashes? Check check check! Whilst there isn't cars crashing EVERYWHERE a la the incredibly BLUES BROTHERS (John Landis 1980)  when cars do crash in this film they certainly crash! It would seem that they use gunpowder or something similar to build the cars as one little hit and KABOOM they're up in flames. It kind of reminded me of THRILLER: A CRUEL PICTURE (Bo Arne Vibenius 1974) in that sense.<br /><br />Between these simply awesome scenes (especially the very start and the very end) there are quite a few scenes which slow everything done and in my opinion fail to add very much to the film. Note: more exploding cars needed! However there are a couple of exceptions here which are great scenes Ã‚Â– SPOILER especially the attempted rape scene.<br /><br />So all in all this is a man's film! A boy's film! Full of cars vroom vroom vrooming around the outback and a couple of tits thrown in for good measure too. I'd recommend this little film to anyone even if they are keen cyclists (!) Ã‚Â– it's a great film which you can just switch your brain off sit back in your leather chair and put on full volume! I'll give it 3.5 luvs out of 5 luvs Ã‚Â– Bruuuuum! P.S Ã‚Â– Amazon are selling this for just over Ã‚Â£2 Ã‚Â– it's a real bargain although the DVD lacks any special features whatsoever.
critique4454 Jamie Foxx does a fine job of impersonating the famous blues/soul/country singer Ray Charles. To the film's credit it shows both the good and the bad regarding Charles' character and the choices he made both personally and professionally.<br /><br />This is a slick-looking film that provides you with a rich feel of the periods in which the story takes place. Not only does it look good it sounds good. I only wish there was more music in here. When it's inserted it's fabulous but there isn't enough of it. <br /><br />Assuming at least for review purposes that the story was true I was impressed and disappointed with Charles meaning the story left some memorable impressions since I'm writing this 16 months after viewing it. Main impressions include:<br /><br />GOOD - Re-living Ray's immense talent and his foresight to step out and take chances musically such as going "country" for awhile. The man had supreme confidence in himself but didn't come across as arrogant about it. Also memorable was showing him beating his heroin addiction - with no help! That's just amazing.<br /><br />BAD - I also remember through this film how easily hooked Ray got in the first place and disappointed he was so unfaithful to his wife. A really sad comment was that his wife was more upset with him for missing his kid's Little League games than she was for all the cheating he was doing on her even fathering a child with a member of his singing group.<br /><br />The only negative I had with the filmmakers was the overemphasis of his problems being blamed on one early childhood event the accidental death of his brother. That tragedy was used as cop-out for all Ray's misdoings as an adult which is another example of a culture in which people refuse to take responsibility for their actions.<br /><br />Note: There is an extended version with the DVD but word has it that it is so poorly edited that it's not worth watching so stick with the "theatrical version."
critique4455 I was looking in the TV Guide for movies that come from Germany and I found one called The Bunnyguards so I watched it and I laughed myself silly! I wanted the DVD but its not available here (I could order it from Germany but it doesn't have subtitles) It was played again so I taped it and watch it from time to time.<br /><br />Anyway I looked for info on it and found out its real name is Erkan & Stefan but I know it by its Australian title: The Bunnyguards.<br /><br />Some people who I know from Germany do not like Erkan & Stefan because of their accents but not being German myself I didn't notice anything. The jokes are good but some Germans might find their accents off-putting.<br /><br />I think this movie is funny and if the DVD had English subtitles on all the extras (having a 2 disk edition with only the feature having subtitles would be bad) I would buy it up in a snap!<br /><br />I recommend it to anyone looking for a laugh and a pretty good story.
critique4456 Domino  has been widely condemned on this site for its frenetic editing style and " sickening " photography. It's detractors cite its superficiality and criticize its deployment of " style over substance" I couldn't disagree more. I believe that " Domino " represents the absolute height of Tony Scott's film-making career. <br /><br />After having created the dominant Hollywood action movie style throughout the late eighties and early nineties Tony Scott has moved progressively closer to a more subjective style of cinema. As early as "Crimson Tide" Scott used his stylistic talent to portray the inner worlds of his characters- the claustrophobia and drama inherent in the conflict on board a nuclear submarine was embodied in the excellent use of long lenses combined with dutched-angle framing. This was then carried through to " Enemy Of The State" and "Spy Game" which visually represented the worlds of surveillance and espionage respectively. <br /><br />" Man On Fire" was an extreme departure  a move into an expressionist more painterly aesthetic. Here Scott used an antiquated hand cranked camera and flash frames to express his character's explosive rage . Although not entirely successful it introduced the techniques which were to find their full expression in " Domino"<br /><br />Couched in the framing device of an FBI interrogation " Domino" presents the life of the infamous bounty hunter via her narrated disjointed fragments of memory. She grasps at memories as we all do- in fragments flashes and brief snatches. As Domino relays her story verbally Scott relays it visually illustrating not only the events which she describes but also the point of view which guides them. She does have " traces of mescaline" in her system but her individual vision is anyway Unusual -that of an woman who eschewed the life of luxury for bounty hunting. <br /><br />It is when Domino begins to relate the events which lead to her captivity that Scott really lets rip. Together with Cinematographer Dan Mindel and composer Harry-Gregson Williams Scott orchestrates a postmodern canvas of contemporary Americana. Gradually we begin to realize that unusual though she may be Domino is no more disjointed than the "90210" culture she has rejected. As she wades through this cultural melange Scott makes his viewer more aware of the innocence which it destroys through the underprivileged children which the narrative introduces. Ultimately Scott portrays their salvation as the only escape we have from this surreal trip. <br /><br />To criticize this movie for being overly stylized is akin to criticizing a Picasso or a Pollock for not representing that which is recognizably human. Like any great painting the meaning in " Domino" is in the surface and the surface is everything. <br /><br />I am not in any way associated with Scott Free but have always been and will continue to be a huge admirer of Tony Scott's work
critique4457 I have never read Sarah Water's book. Although I have not read the book the 3 hour movie is very interesting. It begins with an interesting storyline with a twisted ending. I have to say these 2 actresses are amazing. Sally Hawkins is stunning successfully portrayed the character in love with her mistress and betrayed by her love. Their romance slowly blossoms as they spend more and more time together. The love making scene is very tender and emotional well acted. The end is quite intriguing and these 2 ended up together after all they have been thru which is a bless. Overall it is a great movie to see a very interesting plot with excellent performances.
critique4458 An unusually straight-faced actioner played by a cast and filmed by a director who obviously took the material seriously. Imperfect as is to be expected from a film clearly shot on a tight budget but the drama is involving-- it's one of those films that when it gets repeated ad nauseum on Cinemax 2 or More Max or whatever they call it you end up watching 40 minute blocks when you're supposed to be going to work. Along W/ "Deathstalker 2" "Chopping Mall" and "The Assault" a reminder that Wynorski is a much more talented director than many of his fellow low-budget brethern who has a real ability to pace a genre film when he actually's interested in the material (i.e. don't bother watching any of his Shannon Tweed flicks with a 3 or a 4 after the title!) Actors who've had too little to do recently (Mancuso Ford even Gary Sandy for chrissakes) really put their all into some of their best roles in years -- as for Grieco he has the right look although his acting is a bit one-note -- it's clear his character is supposed to be self-destructing throughout the film but Grieco doesn't quite convey it. I checked IMDB and I see the writer also wrote "Sorority House Massacre 2" & "Dinosaur Island" for the director -- both minor classics in their own rights but obviously "silly" Roger Cormon-like Cinema -- this one's more like some of the better Jonathan Demme and Jonathan Kaplan B-pictures of the 70's -- giving you the exploitation element but offering involving drama at the same time -- a real step forward. Not "Citizen Kane" and the comic final moments are a bit disruptive but a well-written character-driven above-average straight-to-video actioner. Small achievements like this should not be overlooked when they come along which is rare enough (as I was reminded as I tried to sit through an Albert Pyun monstrosity called "Heatseeker" the other night -- this low-budget stuff isn't as easy as it looks -- but that's another story!)
critique4459 Spacecamp is one of the movies that kids just love and mom and dad can have fun watching as well. Growing up in the 80's I enjoyed this movie it's plot and all the actors. I recently purchased this movie on DVD so when I have kids of my own they will be able to have as much fun watching this movie as I did. The plot is fun A group of kids embark on a journey they never expected when they were rocketed into space by a overachieving robot. They were in auh at first but when they realized they didn't have enough oxygen to make it back panic sunk in. Once they recovered enough oxygen from the space station they returned to earth as even better friends and a new found respect for life.
critique4460 I'll tell you a tale of the summer of 1994. A friend and I attended a Canada Day concert in Barrie and it was a who's who of the top Canadian bands of the age. We got there about 4am waited in line most of the morning and when the doors opened at 9am we were among the first inside the gates. We then waited and waited in the hot sun slowly broiling but we didn't care because the headliners were among our favourites. At one point early in the afternoon I sat down and dozed off with my back to the barrier. I was awakened to my shock and dismay by a shrieking girl wearing a Rheostatics t-shirt. This is the reason I have hated the Rheostatics to this day. There's nothing reasonable nor taste-determined nor really anything except their fandom. Snotty of me isn't it? So I in my hatred of the band have denied myself the delight that is Whale Music.<br /><br />Desmond Howl had it all. It's hard to say what he's lost since he lives in a fantastic mansion wedged between the ocean and the mountains (the BC region where the movie was shot is breathtaking). The life most of us dream of is dismantled by dreams phantoms and his own past until the day a teenaged criminal breaks in...and trite as it sounds breaks him out.<br /><br />Canadian cinema suffers from several problems. Generally a lack of money as well as an insufferable lack of asking for help (as if somehow the feature would cease to be Canadian) leads to lower production values than American or British films and most people don't like to watch anything that sounds or looks like well not like an American film. Next Canadian screenwriters often seem so caught up in being weird that they lose sight of how to tell a good story and tell it well. Third they seem to think that gratuitous nudity (often full-frontal) makes something artistic. I'm sure anyone who watches enough Canadian movies especially late at night on the CBC knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost like a "don't do this" handbook exists out there somewhere and Canadian film-makers threw it out a long time ago.<br /><br />In the 90s and 00s however some films (such as Bruce McDonald's work and the brilliant C.R.A.Z.Y.) have broken this mold and managed to maintain what makes them Canadian while holding onto watchable production values and great stories. Whale Music is such a film on the surface. Deeper than just its Canadian-isms it's a deeply moving story of a man who's lost his grip through grief and excess who is redeemed by music then by love. And that redeems even the Rheostatics. :)
critique4461 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique4462 Brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes really) duel not just for Debra Winger's affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers.<br /><br />There are surreal touches (the fire brigade that act like a singing Greek chorus) but there is also humour wit and romance. The soundtrack is great also. And similar to the way American Werewolf in London used every great Wolf song they could get ~ but with fire and I don't think I'll ever forget Dennis Quaid (mmmmm Dennis Quaid) setting his own trailer a rockin' too 'She's a lady' ~ priceless ;)<br /><br />Best line missing from the quotes section btw ~ 'Once you've had a clown you never go back!'<br /><br />I love this movie (I just ordered the DVD from the US) and if the comments written by the kind of people who'd be happier with Legally Blond 3 don't put you off ~ give it a try :)
critique4463 When I saw the trailer for this film I said out loud to no one in particular "this film is going to bomb." I also said that about THE MATRIX and look at what happened there. Now I am not a box office guru by any stretch but I usually have a pretty good gut about what is going to be good and what is going to really suck. In this case I was blinded by my complete and utter apathy towards David Duchovney. Let me put it to you a different way: I don't like his as a person ( from what I have read of him in interviews he is unbelievably pre-madonna like and he is full of himself considering all he has done is X-Files ) or as an actor. PLAYING GOD was a really poor film but he came off thinking that for some reason he deserved big bucks on the big screen. But I am happy to say that even though those things may still be true about the man Return To Me is delightful and has it's heart in the right place. Bonnie Hunt has directed a beautiful story and she has told it with class and grace. This is one of the most romantic films I have seen and even though it may seem to be a bit sad and maudlin in its premise give it a chance and you will be hooked.<br /><br />It has to be said ( and this pains me to do so ) that the reason this film works so well is because of the story and the cast. Duchovney and Driver are so wonderful and believable here that I honestly wanted to cry along with them. There is one particularly powerful scene when Duchovney comes home after his wife has died and he slumps down on the floor of his house. As it always does the family dog looks to the door to wait for his wife to come walking in. She doesn't and with his shirt collar still stained with blood Rob ( Duchovney ) tells him that she is not coming home ever. He then calls the dog over to him and they seem to share a cry together. The dog lets out a small moan and then Rob cries. And this is one of the most realistic moments of pain I have ever seen in any character in any movie. You can feel his pain and at that moment I forgot I was watching an actor that I generally don't like and I felt that I was watching someone that I knew moarn the loss of his beloved. This is powerful stuff.<br /><br />Another strength of the film is the supporting cast. Bonnie Hunt has combined an ethnic melting pot of Irish and Italian characters that share a common bond. They share a pub called O'Reilley's Italian Pub. That is a delicious name all by itself. And heading the diametric scale of clashing cultures is Carol O'Connor and Robert Loggia. These are two proud old men that love their homeland but love their granddaughter and niece ( I think it is ) respectively. And that is the character played by Minnie Driver. This scenario is ripe for comedy and Hunt doesn't miss anything here.<br /><br />Bonnie Hunt and James Belushi also share some funny moments together as the middle aged married couple and Belushi gets top points as he accepts humility gracefully and shows off his ample keg of a stomach for laughs. With his family consisting of three or four kids there is very little time for him and the wife to have quality time. And again Hunt handles this with perfect elegance. <br /><br />This is a wonderful story of finding true love knowing how lucky you are to have true love and the power of friendship and family. Return To Me is a wonderful romance and even though I still don't have a great admiration for David Duchovney I have to admit that he was perfect in this role and I could not picture anyone else playing his character. He was sensitive and believable and the movie was good because of him not just because of him but he sure added to the flavour.<br /><br />If you are a sucker for a good romance and you want a good cry then this is the film for you. <br /><br />8.5 out of 10 I will see anything that Bonnie Hunt puts out with her in the director's chair.
critique4464 A boy and a girl is chased by a local warrior because the boy killed (by accident) the warriors father (or whoever he was). And they travel through the nature of Africa's most ruff areas.<br /><br />The acting in this movie isn't that good (except for that elephant kid). But it's a very good adventure and it's not very censored there is some blood flesh and nudity (which lighten up the movie a bit).<br /><br />I give this movie a 7 because of it's picture of the African nature and it's action.
critique4465 I mention that there may be a spoiler here just to be cautious because of what I discuss although I don't really think I am giving away anything important. Any "suprises" are really unimportant to this film's success or a viewer's ability to enjoy it. <br /><br />While not without some very minor flaws this is a beautiful and very moving film about friendship time uncertainty and the choices people make about their lives. Yet at the same time it is also a very humorous film with small mostly understated bits of comedy woven in throughout. For much of the film it progresses at a fairly leisurely pace but it does not seem slow at all since the film draws one into it and into the lives of the characters and at first it is mostly rather light-hearted. Some have commented that much of the film seems slow but it is such a wonderful portrayal of the lives of such sympathetic characters that one could watch it almost endlessly. As it progresses the film becomes more emotional and moving up to the very end and the progression is handled wonderfully. <br /><br />Eventually some of the characters decide to rob a bank and although it is perhaps somewhat hard to believe that is beside the point. It is a wonderful addition to emphasise the love that these friends have for each other while at the same time it accents the humour and adds a little more irony to the film. And although hardly original to have a bunch of old guys rob a bank the context and details are quite original and they do it wonderfully making it really quite funny as well such as when Ismet (if I remember correctly) exaggerates his aggressiveness to "disguise" the fact he's old.<br /><br />As I said most of the other comedy is rather low-key but still very humorous so I was constantly chuckling throughout. <br /><br />The actors are probably the real key to this film. They imbue the characters with deep personality and sympathy and portray them with great care and warmth. There are some small transformations or tiny details of the characters' personalities which are pulled off smoothly and beautifully. Of course the film is about the personalities of these very characters and how they care for and interact with one another. It succeeds so well because of them and if lesser actors had the roles the movie could well have failed.<br /><br />Gule Gule is not without sadness but that simply provides the full range of emotions and provides a more powerful experience. In fact the film is so moving and filled with so much love from such rich characters that it is in the end a very heart-warming satisfying and even happy film despite its sadness. I could watch it over and over.
critique4466 That is the promise of the trailer I saw and by which I rented Hitch. Exactly a serious film viewer shall not expect much further from this title but surprisingly enough Smith Mendes James and Valletta managed to reach a theatrical performance which could be metaphorically summarised on their rap dance-floor routine by the end of the film: their characters formed an effective combo which may prompt more than a good laugh with this Sunday afternoon DVD providing your date is not an exquisite french-swedish-directors-of-the-60's movie fan.<br /><br />P.S.: The techniques to score are all TRUE especially the "cocktail girl" routine!
critique4467 I found this to be an entertaining account of the challenges an independent film maker might encounter (something I never even thought about). The film managed to keep my interest the entire time and I actually laughed out loud more than once! I'm not a film maker so I know nothing about the technology but I though it was well edited and flowed smoothly telling the story. As a disclaimer I contributed to this effort after the fact providing music for the soundtrack but I was not involved in the creation of this film and I could not tell you a thing about Repo Man except that I remembered seeing it way back when (I'm not really a sci-fi fiend). I enjoyed the comparisons the film made of punk rock file making to punk rock music. My wife went with me to see the film and she did not know a thing about it before hand and we had a great time.
critique4468 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique4469 This film moves the Cinderella story forward to the early 1950s and makes good if eccentric use of the Isle of Man as a background. The Ugly Sisters have become wildly glamorous upper-class English girls and together with Kathleen Turner as the stepmother they flounce about in various wonderful period costumes. The story is altered a little from the traditional version: early on it is oddly combined with the plot of "King Lear" and in later stages Cinderella is rather more assertive than is usual. It looks splendid and works on the whole pretty well but does go over the top at times.
critique4470 Worst horror film ever but funniest film ever rolled in one you have got to see this film it is so cheap it is unbelievable but you have to see it really!!!! P.s watch the carrot
critique4471 This timeless proverb reverberates in this movie and in my heart. So many years have I waited to see this eternal story! I was not ready perhaps. It is possible that my sensibilities would not have appreciated its power. So I now gratefully welcome it into my soul with gladness.<br /><br />My respect and admiration for PAUL MUNI has been long. His is now a legendary luminescence. But now I have finally discovered the priceless gifts of LUISE RAINER's splendid talents. Oh how many faces can speak as did hers? Some have said that it was wrought from her silent years and this well might have been but her speech is eloquent enough when it is given a chance. She amply deserved her Oscar.<br /><br />This movie is in an epic in the most classical proportions. All parts equal necessary and perfect. Naysayers may walk away if they wish but they would be shunning a storytelling which stays with one a lifetime.<br /><br />THE GOOD EARTH enriches one in ways that one does not expect. But all will not come from it with the joy that I did. But I can only hope that this film will be remembered for many years.<br /><br />Do not prod me with mere technicalities regarding the race of the principal players. These are expectations of modern times when we are obsessed with utter perfection. But I dare a million score of newer films to tell PEARL BUCK's story with such poignancy power conviction and grace.<br /><br />If any modern artist would dare to re-film this masterpiece I warn them that they will never come close to the aromatic fragrance which still emanates from the core of this telling. Time will not diminish this effort nor will progress improve upon its greatness.
critique4472 Wracked with guilt after a lot of things felt apart on that ledge an ace mountain rescue climber Gabriel Walker (Stallone) comes back for his girlfriend Jessie (Janine Turner) while over the cloudy skies where the weather looks a bit threatening a spectacularly precarious mid-air hijacking goes wrong and $100 million taken from a Treasury Department plane get lost in the middle of nowhere followed by a crash landingÃ‚Â… <br /><br />Stranded off the snowy peaks and needing mountain guides to win back the stolen cash the high-trained hikers make an emergency call asking the help of a rescue unitÃ‚Â… <br /><br />Unfortunately Gab and Hall (Michael Rooker) have to team up to arrive at the scene of the crash unaware that the distress call was a fake and a bunch of merciless terrorists led by a psychotic (John Lithgow)are waiting for them only to find out a way off the stormy mountain with the dumped cases of moneyÃ‚Â… <br /><br />With breathtaking shots vertiginous scenery dizzying heights perilous climbs freezing temperatures "Cliffhanger" is definitely Stallone's best action adventure movieÃ‚Â
critique4473 (contains slight spoilers)<br /><br />It's interesting how Anthony Mann uses James Stewart here. Stewart is of course remembered by many as George Bailey from Frank Capra's "It's a Wonderful Life" so it's easy to find parallels between the two films. In "It's a Wonderful Life" Bailey gets to see the world as it would have been if he had never been born. In "The Far Country" Stewart's Jeff Webster by not getting involved to help anyone else (except himself) gets to see essentially the same thing: A world in which he (for all practical matters) doesn't exist.<br /><br />By not getting involved (and by attempting not to care about anyone) Webster is forced to see those for whom he can't help but care get hurt pushed around and even killed while he stands by and does nothing. This reminds the viewer of George Bailey watching a world that has turned upside-down because he has also decided not to get involved by not ever having been born. <br /><br />Both movies end with the same image - a close-up of a ringing bell. Stewart by turning around his philosophy of non-involvement has it would seem earned his "wings".
critique4474 Anchors Aweigh is the product of the classic MGM musical production unit and on the whole the film is every enjoyable Ã‚Â– good music by Jule Styne and others excellent dancing by Gene Kelly (and even a passable job by Frank Sinatra) and a funny well-paced script. The only major element I would criticize would be the casting of Kathryn Grayson whose presence in a film always means the audience will be subjected to endless pseudo-operatic warbling from the petite Miss.<br /><br />Kelly plays a naval serviceman named Joseph Brady a man with a mythic reputation around the ship as a lover but whose Valentino-charms are constantly being subdued by the presence of his less cocksure friend with the improbable middle-American name of Clarence (Sinatra). Upon receiving 3 days of shore leave for saving Clarence's life Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find a girl based on the dubious premise that he owes him something for saving his life. They are drafted by a policeman (Rags Ragland) who needs them to help coax a precocious young boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the Navy into returning home to "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). At first it is Clarence who is interested in wooing "Aunt Susan" but eventually Kelly's character emerges as the more likely candidate.<br /><br />There are several standout musical scenes but nothing to come close to Kelly's more famous work in films like "Singin' in the Rain" and "American in Paris". The closest we get is a gimmicky sequence with Kelly's character in a fantasy sequence dancing with Jerry the mouse from "Tom and Jerry" (although he seems to be closer in size to a dog or cat here than to a mouse). It's a startling sequence for its time but doesn't have enough complexity or emotion to really stand the test of time. I actually enjoyed the parts of the sequence that took place prior to the animation where Kelly was using semi-balletic moves to emphasize the transition into the fantasy world and where we see him dance down a tunnel that looks like something right out of "Alice in Wonderland".<br /><br />Eventually the characters find their way to Susan's favorite bar a somewhat sanitized Mexican restaurant/bar in Tijuana. There the patrons happily allow Ms. Grayson to chirp her arias with abandon and the management becomes very excited at the opportunity that Clarence and Joe have extended for her to sing with their "friend" Jose Iturbi (playing himself with a light humorous touch). Of course they've never met their "friend" Iturbi and they spend much of the film's length trying to reach him (in an amusing scene Sinatra's character meets Iturbi but mistakes him for a piano tuner and urges him to abandon tuning pianos and try a professional career) sneaking into the studio and the Hollywood Bowl where Iturbi is rehearsing a surreal symphony comprised of dozens of young piano players Ã‚Â– you haven't seen anything like this outside of "1000 Fingers of Dr. T". Iturbi himself is a kind of a god-figure in the story Ã‚Â– he represents the opportunity for salvation from the drudgery of unfulfilling work and the possibility for fame and artistic achievement for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbi so much as hears Ms. Grayson her operatic career will be a reality. The 3 primary characters are desperate to reach him and they think of him as some kind of remote and distant mythological figure Ã‚Â– a lot of the film's charm and humor comes from the contrast of this perception to the very down-to-earth "real" mannerisms of the maestro. And speaking of Iturbi's contributions to the film he also provides a very stimulating musical moment with his orchestral interpretation of "Donkey Serenade".<br /><br />When all is said and done this is a film that nobody who enjoys musicals will want to miss. The majority of the music was written for this film a nice contrast to recycled soundtracks for other Kelly opuses like "Rain" and "American". Kelly is still at his early peak adventurous and boisterous in both his dances and his interpretation of the character. Sinatra's voice was never in better form and he rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a charming addition to the clan and Grayson's character is endearing when she isn't posturing on stage. Iturbi adds that well-grounded but sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic-era MGM musical. This is one of the better ones.
critique4475 Psychotic transsexual Bobbi murders the patient (Angie Dickinson) of a prominent doctor (Michael Caine) and then pursues the high-priced prostitute (Nancy Allen) who caught a glimpse of Bobbi in the elevator. Liz (Allen) comes under suspicion of the crime and teams up with the patient's son (Keith Gordon) to catch the killer.<br /><br />It can be summed up in a couple of words: it's very sexy (Dickinson and Allen look great) it's very bloody - with the kind of gore usually reserved for splatter movies and boy is it well crafted. Writer / director De Palma's script is OK but it really takes a backseat to the man's film-making abilities. It is highly successful on a visceral level and I actually get involved / interested with these characters. I can notice the standard De Palma homages to / ripoffs of Hitchcock - at least from one of the Master's pictures.<br /><br />And to top it all off it has a professional and believable cast.<br /><br />This was De Palma's third movie with ex-wife Nancy Allen (after "Carrie" and "Home Movies".)<br /><br />By the way dancer-turned-actress Rachel Ticotin was one of the production assistants. There's a bit of trivia for you.<br /><br />I wouldn't think a thriller could be classy and bloody at the same time but this picture pulls it off.<br /><br />One of the best things about it is a typically striking Pino Donaggio music score.<br /><br />8/10
critique4476 I caught this show a few times when I was young and it was playing tilt My parents loved it and now in syndication I feel what they feel. This show did what the original limits and twilight zone (new and old) couldn't do. This show used some old ideas and some truly original ideas.<br /><br />I still cannot believe Jonathan Glassner and brad wright did this. Those guys were producers on stargate sg-1. The show kept the audience entrenched in the story and set a truly scary atmosphere. This is what was not there in the new twilight zone. Rod serling coming in added to the scariness forest coming in lightened the mood. <br /><br />The ending whether good or bad made for a scary time. You could never predict what was going to happen. I am still trying to find the seasons on DVD.
critique4477 Usually when we use the word "escapist" we mean it negatively; Warren Beatty's big screen version of "Dick Tracy" proves that "escapist" can be good. This is truly one entertaining movie. As the eponymous yellow-clad fearless title character Beatty creates a detective to whom we can all relate: ready for action but not without his weaknesses.<br /><br />From there the rest of characters are almost a world unto themselves. Tess Truehart (Glenne Headly) is as glamorous as one would expect the hubby of any crime fighter to be; Breathless Mahoney (Madonna) is possibly the most perplexing person imaginable; Big Boy Caprice (Al Pacino) is the average villain: ruthless but cool. Other characters include the speech-challenged Mumbles (Dustin Hoffman) the over-musical 88 Keys (Mandy Patinkin) and The Kid (Charlie Korsmo). Charles Durning James Caan Dick Van Dyke Estelle Parsons Catherine O'Hara Seymour Cassel Paul Sorvino and Kathy Bates also star.<br /><br />Oh wait a minute. I haven't even explained the plot! The plot involves Tracy trying - and failing so far - to find some way to nab Big Boy. Simultaneously some very bizarre events have been going on in town the answers to which may or may not be closer than everyone thinks.<br /><br />Of course the main thing about this movie is that it's fun to watch. If Warren Beatty was having trouble acting his age then he made good use of that here. "Dick Tracy" is one cool movie.
critique4478 Summer of My German Soldier was one of the many TV movies that became a staple of the small screen in the 1970s (others were "Brian's Song" "Sybil" and "Someone's Watching Me!"). It portrays a Jewish girl (Kristy McNichol) befriending a German POW (Bruce Davison) in WWII-era Georgia. One of the things that the movie shows is that many of the German soldiers weren't really Nazis but were just drafted. Watching the movie I got a real sense of how things must have been in the South back then; I mean can you imagine being a Jewish person accused of supporting the enemy? <br /><br />So I certainly recommend this movie. I believe that it's always important to show the things portrayed here. Occasional overacting keeps the movie from being a full-scale masterpiece but they usually do quite well. I hope that the movie eventually comes out on DVD. Also starring Esther Rolle and Michael Constantine (the "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" patriarch).
critique4479 Okay. This has been a favourite since I was 14. Granted I don't watch it multiple times a year anymore but... This is not a movie for an older generation who want a deeper meaning or some brilliant message. This movie is FUN. It's pretty dated almost passe but Parker Posey is so brilliant that it's unbelievable. If you want to be charmed by a 90's Breakfast at Tiffany's attended 90's raves or love Parker this movie is for you. Otherwise don't bother.
critique4480 No real plot no character development no Scorcese-level direction but seriously were you really expecting any of this? The only thing that matters is that this flick is absolutely hilarious nearly on the same level as Borat. Sure the ending drags a bit but if Borat's cameo didn't crack you up you must be the worst batty boy in the history of batty boys. Sacha Baron Cohen is possibly the greatest comedian ALIVE and here he gets more laughs than Jude Law on a nude beach. I dare you not to laugh.<br /><br />If you can pull the ten-foot pole out of your behind for an hour and a half and just enjoy some well timed and extremely stupid jokes in a stupid story about a stupid character see this stupid movie. You'll be glad you did. Keep it real!
critique4481 Paris is the place to be to enjoy beautiful art and music and to fall madly in love - as is the case in this film. Boy meets girl they fall in love but something stands in their way of eternal happiness the classic story.<br /><br />The wonderful music of George Gerschwin complements the great dancing by Gene Kelly and Leslie Caron. "An American in Paris" is a humorous light-hearted loving film well worth watching.<br /><br />8/10<br /><br />
critique4482 Though for most of us sexiness is a variable quality I cannot recall a movie that did for me what this one does. It transported me into an awfully familiar realm of longing and desire. All the compulsive attraction uncertainty over the outcome the palpable fear and excitement so attendant to that state of arousal were brought to fever pitch by this flick. So French and what I consider daring! No matter what your orientation I think that the danger of chasing your desire is brought full-front and center here...much more so say than with Kubrick's "Eyes Wide Shut".
critique4483 You can't really call Roy Andersson prolific (6 films in 37 years). Nor can you accuse him of being conventional; he doesn't do 'straight-forward' at least when it comes to narrative. "You the Living" his first film in seven years is like a surreal documentary in which a large number of characters are observed doing nothing very much and if that sounds off-putting let me assure you it isn't. This is a funny accessible and surprisingly warm-hearted movie a slice-of-life far removed from that which we normally see on the screen.<br /><br />Of course 'slice-of-life' is hardly the proper moniker to apply to this movie since most people's lives are unlikely to be anything like this. The incidents on the screen run the gamut from the almost terrifyingly ordinary to the downright wacky and while characters may flit by sometimes never to be seen again others to reappear as if anxious for approval Andersson bestows on them all a kind of benign affection. That and some rollicking music ensure the time we spend with them is time well-spent.
critique4484 The good news: the director is reportedly committed to the cause of Amnesty International and eager to deliver a solid message about the freedom of expression and the evil of oppression. The plot is distinctly original and the actors are two of my absolute favourites. The not-so-good news: 'original' is not everybody's buzzword when visiting the movies or video stores. Also noted critics like Mr Maltin and Roger Ebert have dismissed the film as a genuinely failed attempt to convert a play from stage into cinematic form. If I remember correctly the title is taken from the fairy tale Stowe's character has written and which has made her a possible subversive and suspect person in the fictitious place where the story takes place. Her dreams are dangerous to the government represented here by Rickman as the intense manipulative interrogator. Since those two people are virtually the only ones appearing in the film altogether the director is in for a real challenge in keeping the viewer's attention. In the end I found the whole thing fascinating. Not flawless and definitely not for everyone but rewarding. It's nowhere near a masterpiece like Kieslowski's 'A short film about killing' or as explanatory as 'Dead man walking'. But if you're into those films or any of Costa-Gavras political thrillers you may appreciate this one as well. Just don't expect any overexplicit sermons or eyefilling action sequences.
critique4485 This isn't Masterpiece Theater. You shouldn't go into it expecting that. This is pure girl FUN with the most fantastic cast of female leads. Like someone else here said this is the film Baby Mama was meant to be. And the only downside I see to this film is that Tina Fey was not in it- besides that it stars the smartest and brightest girls on the planet. The film is pure silliness on the surface but if you really watch you will know it has a lot of messages and deep meaning to any of us who wish they could go back and do it all over again in life knowing then what we know now. PURE FUN and I recommend it to anyone looking for 84 minutes of great escape.
critique4486 The Beauty. The Terror. The Poetry. The Horror. The Innocence. The Guilt.<br /><br />Maybe that's just about all I should write in this comment for A TALE OF TWO SISTERS. The best thing is to just watch this movie without knowing anything about it. I myself didn't even know one single thing about the history of the two girls when I went into this movie. I just took a look at the nice cover-art didn't even read the synopsis on the back and popped it into DVD-player. I only knew that it won several prices on festivals around the world and that it came highly recommended.<br /><br />The DVD-cover read "The Most Frightening Film since THE RING THE GRUDGE and DARK WATER". Though the frightening-part might be right you can forget about the rest because the only thing A TALE OF TWO SISTERS has in common with those movie is... a ghostly apparition with long black hair. It's even a bit unfair to compare it with those famous Japanese movies because this Korean movie has a lot more to offer and is in fact a bit more complicated and intelligent than those others.<br /><br />This movie simply is a small masterpiece and here are some reasons (without telling anything about the plot): The movie itself caught me off guard at least two times with clever surprise-twists. And just when you think you've had the conclusion (whether you get it or not that's irrelevant for the moment) and you think the movie will end... this movie goes on a bit longer. The cinematography is amazing using bright colors during the day and dark shades at night. The camera-work is excellent with the director sometimes choosing impressive if not innovating angles. Some shots are pure poetry (e.g. the top-shot with the two sisters at the lake). It all looks very stylish. There are only four main characters but the intrigue surrounding them is intense. The story itself starts a bit slow but there's a lot of variety in tone and emotions to keep it interesting. There was even one scene (when the girls took off towards the lake) that suddenly had me remembering Peter Jackson's HEAVENLY CREATURES. But when the horror kicks in it's quite effective. There are also a few successful surprise-scares in it. Damn I jumped right up from my sofa. The musical score is great and at times when it's not supposed to be scary I couldn't help but noticing that it had sort of an Italian feeling to it. A bit strange for a Korean movie. But nevertheless a great score. So much care went into every detail of this film including a perfectly balanced surround sound.<br /><br />I also think that calling A TALE OF TWO SISTERS just a horror movie is giving it not enough credit. It's more a mysterious horror-drama that works both on a psychological and supernatural level. No matter how you look at it this is Asian horror that ranks way up there amongst the finest. It might not be gory but it gets pretty scary at times and the subject matter is pretty disturbed. So if you haven't seen it yet then find a copy pop it into your DVD-player go with the flow and make sure you give this movie your full attention for it's 110 minutes running time.<br /><br />There I hope I did a good job praising it without spoiling anything.
critique4487 Well I'm not the world's biggest Sondheim fan so although I have the cast album and I've listened to it a few times I've never actually seen this show performed and I haven't seen the Tim Burton movie version either. I felt like I wanted to see something more faithful before I see the Burton one and give it a chance just as a movie. This version isn't a movie at all it's a filmed play with some of the original members of the cast including most importantly Angela Lansbury's performance as Nellie Lovett. This is one of those performances that's just like a conduit into the heart of the magic of Broadway and theater itself. She must have had so much fun with this role. Sweeney Todd himself isn't played by Len Cariou who did it originally but by George Hearn. Hearn does a fantastic job; his voice isn't quite as good as Cariou's but he seems to play it a bit broader.<br /><br />The only problem I had really was with the Johanna character as played by Betsy Joslyn and to some extent her lover Anthony as played by Cris Groenendaal. Joslyn's voice can't sustain high notes but I wasn't entirely sure if that was maybe supposed to be the point since I'm not hugely familiar with this play. More importantly I'm not sure if the story of "Sweeney Todd" really holds up enough weight to sustain some of the music but thankfully the whole thing doesn't seem to have been taken too seriously by its creators. As a lark and a bit of comedy in the vein of "Grand Guignol" it's quite enjoyable. I don't feel like it's as significant a piece of work as "Company" and "Into the Woods" or some of his other shows. Some of the music is quite spectacular but at other points it seems to exist in a world outside of the show.<br /><br />I won't say a whole lot about it here because this is a film website and this is really not a film but just a play that has been shot on film. There were maybe 3 or 4 scenes where they moved the camera around but that was it. People will want to see this because it preserves Lansbury's legendary performance which deserves its legendary status because it's a hilarious and insightful performance. George Hearn can be proud of his version of Sweeney as well. This would be a good film to show children over the age of 5 or so to get them interested in musicals because the blood and cannibalism will really surprise them. Seeing a performance filmed so expertly and so faithfully makes me wish that more efforts like this had been made over the years with musical theater because I prefer shows from the 20s through the 50s to these later era affairs. "Sweeney Todd" is an exceptional show from its era however miles and miles above the AL Webber madness.
critique4488 I must say. This is easily one of my FAVORITE movies to watch on Halloween. The halloween party the horrid acting the guy dressed like and extra from Miami Vice. GREAT GREAT GREAT!!!<br /><br />*********************SPOILERS***************************<br /><br />I have a huge place in my heart for random 80's horror flicks and this one reached out and tugged at my heart strings. I always passes this flick at Blockbuster and always laughed at the cover of the box. Now every weekend I would grab a random movie I had never seen before...one weekend it was Angelas turn. She seemed to have been taunting me for months. So I took it home put it in and spent most of the movie underneath the blanket.<br /><br />For me it was terrifying and gross. And not just the acting! Some of the things they came up with for this movie was AMAZING. I can honestly say the best part for me was watching Suzanne (played by a fellow iowan) stick a tube of lipstick through her nipple. It was random and I loved it. Watching creepy Angela FLOAT through the hallways and hearing her creepy demon voice was enough to have me awake ALL NIGHT LONG! <br /><br />It isn't one of the most clever or best acted horror movies. But its 80's cheese and its got all the elements you need. Creepy Goth Kid Virgin Slut Naked Girls Scary House Bad Acting oh and did I mention Naked Girls? All the elements were there and were put together in such a way that made for one of my fave movies. Kudos to the filmmakers.
critique4489 Maybe I loved this movie so much in part because I've been feeling down in the dumps and it's such a lovely little fairytale. Whatever the reason I thought it was pitch perfect. Great intelligent story beautiful effects excellent acting (especially De Niro who is awesome). This movie made me happier than I've been for a while.<br /><br />It is a very funny and clever movie. The running joke of the kingdom's history of prince savagery and the aftermath the way indulging in magic effects the witch and dozens of smart little touches all kept me enthralled. That's much of what makes it so good; it's an elaborate special-effects-laden movie with more story than most fairytale movies yet there is an incredible attention to small things.<br /><br />I feel like just going ahead and watching it all over again.
critique4490 ROMEO AND JULIET had been interpreted in so many ways but very few of the versions captured the essance of the play. The ony ones I can think of that really nail the romance's spirit were WEST SIDE STORY and beleive it or not Troma Film's TROMEO AND JULIET. At first glance this is another mere splatterfest and many would think it bastardizes the Shakespearian classic. However the film has an honest feel about it. Updated to appeal to the sick-minded youth of today of course but not without merit. Yes the frequent dismemberments body piercings car crashes lesbian sex scenes masturbation and incest are in bad taste but what's the harm when you have such a sweet love story as the foundation? As bad as most of the acting in this film is (I mean it IS Troma after all) the two leads have some genuine chemistry more so than in big-budget monstrosities TITANIC and STAR WARS EPISODE TWO. There's a great deal of modernization but much of the original text is in tact especially when Tromeo and Juliet are together. There's a great scene where Juliet utters the famous "Parting is such sweet sorrow" and tromeo quickly follows in mid-nineties grunge fashion "Yeah it totally sucks." I think it's truly unfortunate that this film isn't going to get the recognition or the wide release that it deserves. I hop that people who see this on the video store shelves won't be turned off by the grossmess in the movie because they'd be missing out on quite a subversive expereience.
critique4491 I can never fathom why people take time to review movies that they have not understood fully. I know people will read scathing reviews on these pages of this film and it will keep them from seeking copies of this quite forgotten late '20s style but 1932 movie which should probably be referred to as "Indecent" as that is the name on the main titles.<br /><br />Myrna Loy best known as a comic actress in countless genteel roles shows herself to be miscast in all of them. She was a true dramatic actress something that I did not know before watching this film which predates all of her famous roles. She is exciting and moving here two things she never was opposite the graceful and refined William Powell. I'm still rather in shock over how good she was.<br /><br />Becky Sharp (1935) the first three-strip Technicolor feature is more familiar but this one is far better artistically and an adaptation. It is also very poignant as an expression of a film style that was about to die. You cannot take my word for it you must see it.
critique4492 Kenneth Branagh shows off his excellent skill in both acting and writing in this deep and thought provoking interpretation of Shakespeare's most classic and well-written tragedy. Kenneth plays the role of Hamlet with such a distinct emotion that provokes tears. Kate Winslet's performance is also of great note.
critique4493 This film is one of Tom Cruise's finest films. He captures the audiences imaginations with his role of David Aames. His character can relate to us all in some way.The story line is very clever and keeps the audience on edge throughout the whole film. I never really watched Cruise movies that much before but after seeing this it shows me his true talent. My favourite part in the movie is the end where it all comes to a big conclusion and he find out the truth. If you have not seen this yet you definitely should give it a try. It's one of those films that once you've started watching it you just got to see it until the end or it will keep you thinking and you will regret it. My opinion is you should just go buy it and take a risk thats what I did and it became one of my favourite films of all time. It's A* 10/10 I promise once you watch it it will stick with you and you will like it forever.
critique4494 Jackass Number Two is easily the most hilarious film of 2006 beating the also hilarious Clerks II. It is one of the best sequels in recent memory beating Jackass The Movie in every way. Now this film may be the funniest but it is also the most offensive appalling and utterly disgusting. You will find yourself feeling sick several times throughout the film. I'm completely serious when I say don't eat anything before watching or during this film because chances are that it will literally come back to haunt you. Keep the drinking to a minimum as well. You've been warned because just like the tagline says it will make you beg for mercy.<br /><br />Jackass Number Two follows the crazy men from the hit show Jackass Johnny Knoxville Bam Margera Ryan Dunn Steve-O Chris 'Party Boy' Pontius Preston Lacy Ehren McGhehey Dave England Brandon DiCamillo and Jason 'Wee Man' Acuna (Chris 'Raab Himself' Raab is absent) as they perform the most outrageous life-threatening and revolting stunts imaginable. I'm not going to tell what the stunts are but I will warn you that any scene with an animal will be sickening or psychologically frightening and that one cast member (once again not telling) will flirt with death several times in the film.<br /><br />What makes Jackass Number Two so entertaining is not the stunts themselves but how the cast reacts to them and to doing them. To put it simple if they loved doing it and had a blast you will too (this goes for 99% of the stunts). All the stunts are very original and 90% of them are never-before-seen. You will witness a few recycled ones but they're amped up. You wouldn't think directing really factors into a movie like this but it does; Jeff Tremaine's direction makes the movie so much funnier because he provides guidance for the gang in their comedic timing which is simply brilliant on his part. He could have just sat back and slept throughout filming (actually you'll see in the film that he did sleep through some filming) but he went out there and helped these crazy guys make the stunts as funny as he could. I give Mr. Tremaine two thumbs up for that. Another great thing about Jackass is its bonanza of celebrity cameos and this time they include BMX legend Mat Hoffman skateboard god Tony Hawk director/actor Jay Chandrasekhar (Super Troopers & Beerfest) actor Luke Wilson Miami Dolphins star Jason Taylor and director/actor Mike Judge (Office Space). The scenes with Hoffman Taylor and Chandrasekhar are among the funniest in the film as it's even funnier to see these men as a part of the film.<br /><br />Jackass Number Two is one of the most politically incorrect morally degrading and just plain wrong movies of all time if not the most. Despite this it is so original and so hilarious that you won't care about that. You'll be gasping for air laughing so hard you'll be crying and jumping out of your seat laughing throughout the entire film. Due to the explicit and potentially disturbing graphic content of this film no one under 18 should watch this film. You've been warned. I hope you enjoy Jackass Number Two as much as I did.<br /><br />10/10 --spy
critique4495 This is one of the most interesting movies I have ever seen. I love the backwoods feel of this movie. The movie is very realistic and believable. This seems to take place in another era maybe the late 60's or early 70's. Henry Thomas works well with the young baby. Very moving story and worth a look.
critique4496 NYC model Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) rents a room in an old brownstone where she meets a few bizarre neighbors and experiences some creepy hallucinations. As lawyer boyfriend Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) goes about making inquiries on her behalf she struggles to maintain her sanity (not to mention her will to live) as her experiences take a toll on her physical mental and emotional health.<br /><br />I don't want to spoil the better moments in this psychological horror film for those unfamiliar with it. The story is interesting and entertaining but the film doesn't really offer much in terms of real scares. Or for that matter any atmosphere. It is sort of quietly sinister but it's not like the traditional horror film. It's more of a story about a troubled woman's attempts to deal with the increasing unreality in her life. On that level it works but it's not quite powerful enough.<br /><br />What "The Sentinel" *does* offer are some eye-catching set pieces (in particular the fascinating fabulously creepy climax and there's a scene with Beverly D'Angelo that must be seen to be believed). There's also some gore to be seen but not very much. An ominous music score by Gil Melle adds to the menace.<br /><br />No review of this film would be complete without an appraisal for the film-makers in gathering such excellent actors for its ensemble cast. Some of them don't get to do too much but to see all of them together is impressive. Eli Wallach and Burgess Meredith make the biggest impressions as respectively a hard-nosed detective and a solicitous neighbor. Other legendary names include Jose Ferrer Arthur Kennedy and Ava Gardner. Future stars like D'Angelo Christopher Walken Tom Berenger Jeff Goldblum make brief appearances and other familiar faces include Jerry Orbach Sylvia Miles William Hickey and Martin Balsam. Whoever was the casting director for this film deserves some sort of prize.<br /><br />Written for the screen by director Michael Winner probably best known for the "Death Wish" series that he did with Charles Bronson from the novel by Jeffrey Konvitz.<br /><br />I wouldn't consider this a truly great horror thriller but it has its moments and is reasonably entertaining.<br /><br />7/10
critique4497 When I was very young my mother had a series of four Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies shorts on tape and I watched them all several times. A Coy Decoy was one of these shorts and I was truly shocked to read in another comment that it had been banned. When I was young I probably did not even understand the Black Beauty gag to begin with. Still this is probably why it was banned though until I watched this on a video site I did not even remember the gag. Upon viewing the video I did remember certain shots - in particular the shrinking of Daffy's hat and Daffy's eyes becoming clockworkish as the decoy circled him in The Lake. I was not bothered by the gag that was most likely the reason the gag was banned. Instead I was flooded with childhood memories of watching this short. Because of how much I liked this short as a child I rate it 7 out of 10.
critique4498 Dragon Hunters has to be the best-looking animated film I've ever seen. It was jaw-dropping. The film is about a couple rogues in search for some cash their weird furry blue dog that pees fire and a girl who dreams about becoming a knight and they are sent on a quest to go to the ends of the earth to kill the world gobbler an impossibly immense dragon. But honestly it doesn't even matter what the film is about. Because it is jaw-droppingly gorgeous. The gravity in this fantasy world is different so blocks of architecture and spheres of land float around amidst cathedrals and castles and villages alike and there are forests of floating lily pads. The world is so creative so uniquely beautiful with a sort of muted storybook look to it. The world looks like a set of gorgeous paintings. The monsters are visually stunning as well like a fire dragon comprised of a swarm of evil red bats. Some of the plot isn't too original like the main protagonists wanting their farm a la Of Mice and Men and never seem to be able to make it in the world; but the gorgeous graphics some seriously sinister scenes and emotion-evoking dialog makes this film spectacular.
critique4499 Another of the endless amount of cookie-cutter 'Kickboxers Fight to the Death for the Amusement of Wealthy Scumbags' films that there were so many of in the 90s... Y'know the ones created by taking the words 'Death' 'Blood' and 'Steel' and the words 'Ring' 'Fight' 'Match' and 'Cage' and putting them in a random generator! Saying that though Death Match is a pretty good entry in the over-used genre thanks to its exciting fight scenes and the surprisingly good acting of its kickboxer cast.<br /><br />The story concerns two buddies - ex-Kickboxing World Champion John Larson (played by pug-faced Middleweight Kickboxing Champ Ian Jacklin probably previously best known for his awful performance as the main villain in Ring of Fire 2) and Nick Wallace (Nick Hill a likable guy probably best known for the role of street-fighter Sergio in Bloodsport 2) who work the L.A. docks loading crates onto ships. One discovery of a boxful of guns and a brief fight later our two heroes are jobless and propping up an L.A. bar. Sensible John Larson decides to head North and look for a job; headstrong Nick Wallace has heard of a guy paying good money for fighters to fight in private kickboxing matches. "Why should things change?" says John " If you need me i'll be there." Predictably enough it isn't long before Nick has gone missing and his good friend is fighting in the deadly 'ring of death' trying to find a lead to his missing buddy.<br /><br />Sure enough there are no prizes for originality here but like i said before this films strength lies in its action its cast of real-life fighters and the fairly good performances it manages to wring from them. Ian Jacklin in particular surprised me. Previously i'd just seen him as the bad guy in Ring of Fire 2 and in bit-parts in tripe like The Steel Ring and i've always been quite amused at how bad an actor he is (good fighter though!). But in Death Match he's pretty good! Given a decent script and a haircut he proves himself to be quite the charismatic leading man! And his friendship with Nick is very well portrayed. Jacklin and Hill have a nice chemistry and you really believe these two characters care for each other. Enough for one of them to lose a job travel halfway across the country and risk death to save the other - I wish i had a friend like that! <br /><br />It was also nice to see Matthias Hues as a villainous henchman with a little more depth than we're used to seeing from his many 'villainous henchman' roles. However don't be fooled into thinking he's the star just because he's on the video cover (with it seems his head stuck on the body of Michael Bernardo from the cover of Shootfighter) - he is good while he's on screen but he isn't on much..<br /><br />On the negative side the film is pretty slow when there's no fighting going on with lots of unnecessary scenes (whats with gangster Jimmie Fiorello's pointless story about his grandfather??) and the end fight is disappointingly short but on the whole i enjoyed it! Plenty of fights most of them good. Isn't that all we martial arts really need? And of course eye-candy here in the lovely form of the very pretty Renee Ammann. All in all a pretty entertaining kickboxing movie.
critique4500 One of the major successes to The Decline of Western Civilization filmmaker Penelope Spheeris' indie breakthrough is that it can perhaps appeal to non-punk fans as to the hardcore ones. More importantly it captures a moment in history before the movement became completely "market-worthy" when bands would play (or at the least try to play in some cases) in dank dirty clubs to an audience that had as much self-respect as they had respect for the bands. For the fan such as myself there are precious interviews with some of the quasi-legends of LA's punk-scum some dead some still living and still hard-working in the scene. <br /><br />Performances and interviews include the likes of The Circle Jerks X Black Flag (in the pre-Henry Rollins days) Catholic Discipline Fear the Alice Bag Band and most memorable (in my opinion) being the Germs. While I knew of a few of the bands and performers in the film (The Jerks and Black Flag mostly) I had only heard rumors about lead singer (the late) Darby Crash and from the footage in the film he seems to be one of the if not the epitomes of the punk movement. He doesn't take himself too seriously he loves to drink sometimes when he speaks it's complete gibberish and the attitude he brings on stage is both funny and in a free-form way exhilarating. A performer like that would probably scare Steve Miller and Jackson Browne out of their skins.<br /><br />Decline of Western Civilization may not turn on every non-punk fan that seeks this film out (it's hard to find on video) but it shouldn't necessarily turn them off either. Like a kind of anthropologist that's sneaked into the party Spheeris gets the behavior of these people down pat their motives their likes and hatreds and the power that was their on and off-screen personas. A few of them almost come off as normal some don't but they're only offensive to those who aren't too open to things. On top of that the film is a must-see to the kinds of kids that think they're punk fans just because they listen to Good Charlotte and Blink-182: if you want to get the real scoop on the movement and genre of rock you profess to love give the pioneers a chance. A
critique4501 Brutal emotionless Michael Myers stabs his sister to death at age six on Halloween night in 1963; on October 30 1978 he escapes from a mental institution and institutes a new reign of terror in his hometown of Haddonfield Illinois. He is pursued the whole time by a psychiatrist (Donald Pleasence) who knows just how evil this young man is.<br /><br />It opens with a bang and sets up a genuinely suspenseful and atmospheric chiller that is actually superior to the many slasher pictures it helped to inspire. It's subtle compared to the nasty bloodbaths many of those subsequent movies were; subtle and scary. It retains the ability to make me jump even after repeated viewings. How many movies are there really that can continue to be frightening even after one has seen them before? Not very many.<br /><br />Pleasence is great in what was probably the definitive role of his career; Jamie Lee Curtis in her motion picture debut became a bona fide scream queen after acting in "Halloween" as well as a few subsequent slasher pictures and she is an intended victim worth rooting for.<br /><br />Co-writer / director John Carpenter knows what works in this movie making excellent use of shadows and dark skies; notice how most of the movie is set after nightfall. With this picture he and his former collaborator Debra Hill created a franchise that has spawned seven sequels many imitators and an upcoming "re-imagining".<br /><br />It's very quotable - who could ever forget Dr. Loomis' (Pleasence) speech in which he describes Michael Myers to the sheriff (Charles Cyphers a reliable repertory player in several of Carpenter's earlier works)?<br /><br />It's fantastic and worth seeking out. This is my favorite John Carpenter movie of all time.<br /><br />It's not totally infallible - there are script holes after all - but overall it makes a solid impact.<br /><br />9/10
critique4502 One of my favorite shows back in the '70s. As I recall it went to air on Friday (or possibly Saturday)night on the Nine Network (?) here in Australia. Darren McGavin and Simon Oakland were great together.<br /><br />Each episode usually reached a climax with Kolchack having to engage in hand to hand combat with some sort of supernatural opponent. To their credit the writers made a concerted effort to get away from the usual round of vampires and ghosts as much as possible.<br /><br />I remember one episode in which the adversary was the spirit of an ancient Indian Chief which/who 'came back' as a massive electrical current which started to kill people in a city hospital. The final showdown saw Kolchack trying to short circuit the 'power beast' amidst an explosion of sparks and billowing flames. Oh well .... you had to be there at the time but it was an interesting idea.<br /><br />McGavin always packed a lot of energy and enthusiasm into his roles and this was one of his best.<br /><br />Definitely deserves a place in TV's "Hall of Fame". To quote Tony Vincenzo .... 'Kolchack you are ON IT '... Or in the case of the Hall of Fame'IN it' !
critique4503 Pegg has had a few hits in the past few years starting with "Shaun Of The Dead" in 2004 movie on to "Hot Fuzz 2007" early 2008 he came out with "Run Fat Boy Run" and now comes this "How To Lose Friends And Alienate People" which is in many ways one of my favourite comedy's of the year.<br /><br />The film is about Sidney Yound a man who writes a failing magazine who makes fun of celebrity's mostly because he is not one of them. Anyway one of the most successful magazine owners (Played By Jeff Bridges) invites him (Out of nostalgia) to work at his magazine. Sidney is of course excited and moves to America there he meets a girl currently writing a book and hilarity ensues.<br /><br />This film is great and I hope more come out like it in the near future. Pegg has once again given people everywhere another good film and I cant wait to the see the third part of the blood and ice cream trilogy "Paul". I Rate this film 81%.
critique4504 Julie Waters is always marvelous but Adrian Pasdar is a positive revelation in this wry gender-bent comedy about a transvestite who cannot suppress his obsession and the changes he goes through when he's discovered. Unerringly eschews the vulgar raucous easy jokes for genuine wit and true insight and has an absolute ball while doing it. A very nice low-key feel-good comedy
critique4505 This movie is still an all time favorite. Only a pretentious humorless moron would not enjoy this wonderful film. This movie feels like a slice of warm apple pie topped with french vanilla ice cream! I think this is Cher's best work ever and her most believable performance. Cher has always been blessed with charisma good looks and an enviably thin figure. Whether you like her singing or not - who else sounds like Cher? Cher has definitely made her mark in the entertainment industry and will be remembered long after others have come and gone. She is one of the most unique artists out there. It's funny because who would have thought of Cher as such a naturally gifted actress? She is heads above the so-called movie "stars" of today. Cher is a real actor on the same level as Debra Winger Alfre Woodard Holly Hunter Angela Bassett and a few others in that she never seems to be "acting" she really becomes the character convincingly. She has more than earned the respect of her peers and of the movie-going public.<br /><br />Everything about Moonstruck is wonderful - the characters the scenery the dialog the food. I never get tired of watching this movie.<br /><br />Every time single time I watch the scene where they are all sitting around the dinner table at Rose's house I pause the remote to see exactly what delicious food Rose is serving. I saw the spaghetti mushrooms (I think) but I can't make out whether they are eating ravioli ziti? What is that main course? It looks wonderful and its driving me nuts! <br /><br />Everybody in that family was a hardworking individual and they respected and cared about one another. The grandfather wasn't pushed aside and tolerated he was a vital part of the family and he was listened to and respected for his age and wisdom. He seemed to be a pretty healthy independent old codger too.<br /><br />Loretta's mom wasn't "just a housewife" she was the glue that held the family together and was a model example of what a wife mother and home manager should aspire to be. She was proud of the lifestyle she had chosen but she didn't let it define who she was. High powered businessmen aren't as comfortable in their skin as Rose Casterini was. Notice the saucy way she said "I didn't have kids until after I was 37. It ain't over 'til its over." You got the sense that she had been the type of young woman who did exactly as she pleased and got her way without the other person realizing what had happened. She was charming quick witted and very smart. What a great mom! <br /><br />I didn't actually like Loretta right away because she seemed like a bit of a know--it-all who wasn't really as adventurous and as in control of herself as she wanted others to think. She could tell others about themselves and where they had gone wrong but she really didn't apply common sense to her own life. She was going to marry a middle-aged mama's boy simply because she wanted a husband and a sense of identity and purpose to her life. She was more conventional than her own mom. She dressed and wore her hair like a matron at a house of detention and seemed humorless and bored but underneath you sensed that she was vulnerable and lonely and had a lot of love to give the right man. She would probably end up making an awesome mom too.<br /><br />I could see in the future a house full of Loretta and Ronnie's loud screaming happy kids and Rose and Cosmo enjoying every minute of it.
critique4506 Mighty Like A Moose is one of many short films Director Leo McCarey did starring Charley Chase. What a dandy it is! Charlie and his wife both undergo plastic surgery to improve their hideous appearances unbeknown-est to each other. They then meet at a party and become smitten with each other. Now they can't allow each other to find out they're cheating. That's the preposterous premise of this frantic farce. Vivien Oakland one of the few comic short leads to have a flourishing career long after the silents is perfect as Charley's long of nose wife. Charley has an awful case of buck teeth which are quickly dispatched at the dentist's. After a party is raided by police for no other reason then to practice raids Charley and his wife frantically try avoiding each other at home for fear the alterations in appearances become known. Both have been photographed with their new features at the party. The hilarity back home culminates in Charley trying to teach the no-good-nick cheating with his wife a lesson. The no-good-nick of course is the new Charley which his wife comes to realize long before Charley teaches a lesson in faithfulness. This is one of Charley Chase's better efforts. *** of 4 stars.
critique4507 This is a very fine and poetic story. Beautiful scenery. Magnificent music score. I've been twice in Japan last year and the movie gave me this typical Japanese feeling. The movement of the camera is superb as well as the actors. It goes deep into your feelings without becoming melodramatic. Japanese people are very sensitive and kind and it's all very well brought onto the screen here. The director is playing superb with light an colors and shows the audience that it is also possible to let them enjoy a movie with subtle and fine details. Once you've seen this movie you will want to see more from the same director. It's a real feel good movie and I can only recommend it to everybody.
critique4508 I had never seen a film by John Cassavetes up until two years ago when I first saw THE KILLING OF A Chinese BOOKIE in a Berlin cinema which I found interesting to put it diplomatically but not so special I instantly wanted to see more of his work. Since then I tried - with an emphasis on tried - watching his other work SHADOWS in particular. I must admit it took me a a while before I actually enjoyed the film. At first the unpolished raw and improvised way Cassavetes it was shot put me off somewhat and I thought of it as an original - absolutely - but flawed and dated experiment. But now upon reviewing these little imperfections make it look so fresh even today.<br /><br />Shot on a minimal budget of $40000 with a skeleton six person crew SHADOWS offers an observation of the tensions and lives of three siblings in an African-American family in which two of the three siblings Ben (Ben Carruthers) and Lelia (Lelia Goldoni) are light-skinned and able to pass for white. Cassavetes demanded that the actors retain their real names to reflect the actual conflicts within the group but saw the film as being concerned with human problems as opposed imply to racial ones. Cassavetes shot the film in ten minute takes and jagged editing a reaction against 'seamless' Hollywood production values. Cassavetes main inspiration - at least in the cinematic style the film was shot - were the Italian neo-realists whilst also professing admiration for Welles' pioneering spirit. The use of amateurs and improvisation might resemble some of the Italian neo-realist directors but with his bebop score by Charles Mingus ans Shafi Hadi the film feels very different very American unlike anything made before really. <br /><br />The song with the feathered girls "I feel like a lolly-pop" (or something) feels like light years back to me ancient history. But no matter how dated it might look it still makes a delightful time capsule of late Fifties New York today. I think it's this is one of the first films made aspiring filmmakers realize they could shoot an independent film without Hollywood improvised and without a real budget. Seymour Cassel who acted and was involved in SHADOWS claims it was Jules Dassin's THE NAKED CITY (1948) that was the first and inspired them all but I think this was the one that really opened the eyes of aspiring independent American filmmakers.<br /><br />Camera Obscura --- 8/10
critique4509 Sigrid Thornton (SeaChange) was seemingly born to fill the role of Cato's Philadelphia Gordon in this story that is often compared with Margaret Mitchell's American Civil War classic Gone With the Wind. Waters (Heaven Tonight) is in arguably his best role also as her larrakin love interest and the two leads head a wonderful Australian cast in this arguably the most well-known and best-loved of Australian miniseries. It's<br /><br /> an outstanding production all round though don't try watching all of it in one hit and it deserves to be remembered as a magnificent portrayal of life in pre-Federation Australia. Rating: 8/10
critique4510 Once again proving his amazing versatility John Turturro plays the introspective Russian chess genius preparing for a comeback tournament and forging an unlikely relationship with a gadabout fellow resident (Emily Watson) at a 1920's Italian hotel. They fall in loveto the horror of her social-mountaineering mother (Geraldine James).A wonderful love story whose gloss of chess might make it appear cerebral.But in spite of its origins in a Nabakov story it certainly is not .The romantic elements and the sense of time and place beat the psychological analysis hands down.John Turturro having appeared in "Barton Fink" "O BrotherWhere Art thou?" "The Big Lebowski" proves that he is not dependant on Coen Bros films to assert his stature.
critique4511 What a wonderful fanciful movie "Stardust" is.<br /><br />I could easily end it with that one statement and suffice to say one could take it as a very strong recommendation to go see it.<br /><br />At a time when Hollywood seems bent on forcing remakes and sequels down our throats "Stardust" makes us remember why we go to the movies in the first place - to escape reality for a couple of hours and explore other lives other times or other planets. Ironically "Stardust" takes us to all three places effortlessly and with a childlike glee we all long for.<br /><br />"Stardust" is full of all the characters we remember as children: princes witches pirates ghosts and scoundrels. It has the damsel in distress the hero the rogues the obstacles spells antidotes charms and even a touch of light-speed to make it quasi modern.<br /><br />"Stardust" is about a man from the town of Wall which is conveniently situated next to a wall that separates their town from a magical kingdom. The only way past the wall is through a breech that is diligently guarded by a scruffy old codger (played wonderfully by David Kelly). One day a young man from Wall named Ben Barnes out maneuvers the old guard and escapes through the breech. He happens upon an enchanted kingdom called Stormhold where he meets a chained (and very sexy) young lady named Una. She is held captive by a witch and leashed by an unbreakable chain. While the witch is away Una seduces Ben and sends him on his way. Ben returns to Wall without incident and continues his life. But nine months later he is summoned to the wall breech where the old guard hands him what you might expect - a baby boy.<br /><br />The boy named Tristan grows up to be a rather hapless young man (Charlie Cox) who is smitten with a girl way out of his league and also betrothed to another. Nevertheless the young lady (named Victoria and played Sienna Miller) goes out once with Tristain and he confesses his love to her. After they espy a falling star she tells him he can have her if he retrieves the star and brings it back to her. He agrees and sets out on his quest which will take him to the other side of the wall.<br /><br />Meanwhile in the kingdom of Stormhold the old king (perfectly played by Peter O'Toole) is dying. He calls his remaining living sons to tell them who shall succeed him to the throne. His sons' names are Primus Secondus Sextmus and Septimus. The other sons where killed by the other brothers in a humorous competition to see who lives to get the throne.<br /><br />Anyway he tosses his ruby charm to the sky and Voila that what brings the star to earth.<br /><br />The star crashes in the form of a beautiful woman named Yvaine (Clare Danes) and she of course is wearing the charm. But little does she know she is now being persuaded by Tristain the Princes and also an aging witch named Lamia (Michelle Pfeiffer) who wants to cut out the stars heart to regain her own youth.<br /><br />Complicated? Yes. But it all comes together as the adventure unfolds.<br /><br />Tristain is the first to find Yvaine but is so blinded by his devotion to Victoria he doesn't recognize the growing bond between he and Yvaine. His initial interest lie only in returning Yvaine to Victoria as proof of his love. But he must get past the princes and Lamia first. The princes aren't that big an issue as they are constantly trying to kill each other - and just as in "Pirates of the Caribbean" - never has death been so funny. <br /><br />But Tristain also encounters the witch who enslaved his mother (though he doesn't know it's his mother) and a band of flying pirates led by Robert DeNiro.<br /><br />His is the most important character in the movie and DeNiro plays it to a tee. He steals the movie with his toughness and soon we learn an undercover secret that will leave audiences on the floor with laughter. Though his role is small in length DeNiro is extraordinary!<br /><br />Michelle Pfeiffer is wonderful as Lamia - a sexy evil witch. Claire Danes is most appropriate as the confused and distressed Yvaine. She makes a perfect damsel. Jason Flemyng Adam Buston Rupert Everett and Mark Strong add the perfect dose of levity as the fighting princes whom as they die return as ghosts ala "Blithe Spirit" and "High Spirits".<br /><br />Moreover director Matthew Vaughn whose only other directing experience was "Layer Cake" weaves an enchanting tale that everyone will enjoy.<br /><br />"Stardust" may be too complex for young children but anyone over the age of 13 will want to see this movie multiple times. It's that good. "Stardust" is what movies are supposed to be. Perfectly written perfectly cast perfectly directed and perfectly acted. In other words...perfect.
critique4512 Dr. Bock teaches at the hospital and he is quite good at it. The thing about him is that he is depressed. Dr. Bock and his wife separated his children are deviant he cannot perform in the bedroom and he feels as if he isn't doing a very good job at healing people. He becomes suicidal but meets Barbara who changes his ideas for the better. All around this story is a murder mystery and a group of angry protesters outside.<br /><br />The movie is well done and the character of Dr. Bock is well played out. It's a little sad somewhat funny and somewhat of a drama. It was good to see a couple stories wrapped around the hospital even if they were somewhat unrelated to what Dr. Bock was doing. Great movie.
critique4513 Bergman and comedy don't quite go together. Some of his comedies are so naff you almost wince. This film has the odd naff moment - the last 30 seconds being the nadir but on the whole this is a charming (rather than funny) piece enjoyable throughout. Bergman casts several of his usual suspects who perform well. There is a great scene on the train between David Marianne and an uncouth salesman which will stick in the memory. Some of the marriage material is typical cynical Bergman but this is Bergman in a light rather than dark mood.<br /><br />This film has its moments and is worth the 90-odd minutes. Not one of his classics and not the place to start if you want to fall for Bergman.
critique4514 This movie could be a bit boring for some people but I find this film<br /><br />very interesting in terms of an attempt to reveal a tradition.<br /><br />The director Lim has made two films about traditional music in Korea before this film. The film before this one was showing the music throughout the film and this film is trying to achieve similar things by having backgrounds in the movie just like a painting.<br /><br />Another thing is that the story is written by both director and a philosopher Kim who is well known scholar in Korea (holding a lot of degrees - including doctor at Havard) I'm not saying that educated people make better films but that philosopher is an expert in traditional culture in Korea so it gives more credit on this film.
critique4515 What I've seen of Wolfgang Petersen's films has been pretty good. He knows how to direct action create suspense and get you interested. Eastwood tends to be great sometimes excellent. This goes for both his acting and his directing. They both hand in solid work here. The concept isn't bad and the cat-and-mouse game works well. Malkovich performs rather well and his and Eastwood's playing off each other adds to the film. I suppose this won't introduce anything new really... but it never really claims to nor needs to. It's two great actors each playing a basic type of role that they have proved at other points in their careers that they can manage remarkably well and with a magnificent director at the helm. Really it's entertaining well-done and it just plain delivers. Editing and cinematography are good. Acting and character writing is as well. The film manages to be suspenseful and intense and if you let yourself you will probably be entertained and engaged even if there are superior films out there. The pacing is pretty much spot-on. I recommend this to any fan of the principal actors the director and/or this type of film. 7/10
critique4516 I thoroughly enjoyed this film overall but four things really stand out: Sam Raimi's perfect comic timing and performance as the camp handy(?)man Alan Arkin's wonderful characterisation of the camp owner and best of all the cinematography. The beautiful golden tones of the exterior scenes draws me into the film like a sunset at the lakeshore draws me into my own summer memories.<br /><br />The dialog and mood feel very natural and believable. Some reviewers criticise the lack of a more "profound" script. To me it is exactly that lack that makes this film work. The characters and their problems seem real and because of that I care about what happens to them.<br /><br />The bottom line is that all the parts come together to create a whole that feels right.
critique4517 Hitchcock was of the opinion that audiences aren't really interested in what puts protagonists into danger - only that they ARE in danger and need to escape.<br /><br />This film proves Hitchcock was not 100% correct. Police believe Jean Simmons is guilty of a crime when she plainly isn't. Trevor Howard decides their best course of action is to run for it. And so the body of the movie has our charismatic pair dodging on and off trains buses and coaches - jumping across rocks at the top of a waterfall - scrambling across dockyard roofs.<br /><br />All good exciting stuff - but I couldn't get out of my mind that it was all unnecessary. They should have stayed put.<br /><br />In other words the MacGuffin wasn't strong enough.
critique4518 I was electrified when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984. Steven Biko is gone half way through the film but the resonance of his courage and wisdom is not forgotten. I didn't when finally in South Africa in 1993. It is also largely a story about friendship and loyalty. When I was in South Africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in Natal sing Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika my hair stood on its ends. There is a lot to learn from this story for all peoples.
critique4519 A realistic depiction of young love for the college set but also appealing to an older viewer like me. It has ups and downs and twists and turns and made me shed a tear or two. We rarely see movies with black urban characters that could appeal to older non black audiences and show a more real life depiction of young black adults.<br /><br />This movie takes place on a college campus and town where two people meet and fall in love. In the background are various friends acquaintances and situations that impact them for better or worse. Typical plot some may say but this really was unexpected. <br /><br />I found myself rooting for the survival of the couple's relationship seeing my own past in their story. Moments of deep thought and revelation came pouring out of the actors performances. <br /><br />It's a bright film that I would endorse for those young at heart and in love or have ever been in love. Great movie. I'll be looking for a copy to add to my movie collection.
critique4520 Simply great movie no doubt about it. Great story and superb performances be it Amitabh Akshay Shefali Priyanka Boman or Rajpal. Hindi film industry is going shameless with Mallika and Co this movie is totally vulgarity free and therefore bound to fail in vulgarity addicted our Indian society. But the message and concept this movie carries are absolutely superb. Anu Malik(boring copy-cat) could have been avoided and Ismail Darbar or Himmesh Reshmmiya could have been used as musician. I think Vipul Shah should have given little bit Gujarati touch particularly in music also. Anu Malik is worst musician around and he thinks himself popstar but this is not the movie where is presence was required-He looks only good with Govinda style songs. I felt some nice serious music with couple of good Ghazals or sad songs could have made this movie more memorable.
critique4521 I'm a fan of C&C going back to their records and liked this movie but at one point in the mid-1980's on cable television in San Jose California it was aired with an alternate plot line that destroyed the entire point of the movie. All references to marijuana were replaced with "diamonds". The bag that "Red" drops to Chong has diamonds in it instead of marijuana but the conversation still remains the same ("...it's worth ~$3000/lb"). There is also a subplot in which clips of aliens on a ship were added observing C&C and talking to each other about getting the diamonds. At the end instead of "space coke" it's something else. I'm not sure who created this version but it was horrible and obvious that they were attempting to make it family/child friendly. It would have been better if that network had not aired it at all.
critique4522 This movie is a brilliant lesson on Japanese history set in at the end of the Tokugawa Shogunate shortly before the Shogunate lost a big battle against the loyalist who wanted the emperor back on the throne to rule Japan. Really I had to read a lot of history to get the entire background.<br /><br />Shintaro Katsu (also known as the original Zatoichi) gives a superb performance as Izo Okada one of the four Hitokiri(=Human Slayer) of the Bakumatsu. He is a simple samurai who looses all of his wealth. In order to have a good life he becomes a retainer of Takechi Hanpei (played by Tatsuya Nakada = Ryonosuke out of Sword of Doom). Hanpei is a ultra-nationalist politician who lets his band of Hitokiri assassinate a lot of high ranking pro-west politicians in order to achieve his political goals. Izo Okada follows his leader without really questioning what they are doing. As long as he has money to go and drink and spend at his whore. Okada's killings get more and more brutal in the course of the movie and he is proud to have a reputation based on fear wherever he goes. <br /><br />It is a splendid portrait on the life of a simple samurai who gets caught up in political affairs and is really to naive to realize what is happening. First after being betrayed and tortured and always having talks with Sakamoto ( who is a samurai who rejects violence) does he change his ideas and views on life. But too late....<br /><br />Watch the movie to see the end of Izo Okada...<br /><br />Shintaro Katsu and the rest of the staff give a brilliant performance. Each actor reaches up to their role. The sword-fights a very unique and fast...probably faster than several movies nowadays...<br /><br />Check it out if you have the chance!!!
critique4523 I must say I'm an avid horror movie fan and currently I can't get enough of foreign horror. Since US horror really depends too much on gore.<br /><br />This movie is fantastic. This movie reminded me a lot of M. Night's SIXTH SENSE. The way the film was directed was great. The director took his time to set everything up. It took about a good 40 mins just to set the movie up into a horror movie. I thought the movie was just a drama. This movie just builds up and the pay off isn't too much.<br /><br />I've never done this before but this is the main reason I liked the movie.... I actually screamed out loud because one scene just startled the hell out of me... which is kinda pathetic.... but for a film to do that it's great.
critique4524 We all have friends. Some of us have more than others but there really are only one or two people that you feel really close with people that you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice ( Danes )and Darlene ( Beckinsale ) are like that. You can see that from the beginning. They graduated together they go to parties together and they decide to go to Bangkok together when they were supposed to be going to Hawaii. They also get busted for attempting to smuggle drugs into a third world country and that spells disaster. The rest of the film is about survival and not giving up hope. It also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to someone.<br /><br />Brokedown Palace is a very good film it is not excellent and that is due to a few issues that I want to talk about. But first I want to say what is good about the film. And for starters the acting is top notch and you can look no further than the two leads. Danes and Beckinsale are perfect in the roles that they have. Alice is always fiery and seems a little rough around the edges but she seems more fun than Darlene. But sometimes that fun can get her into trouble. Darlene is always a little on the conservative side and although that can get irritating sometimes it would have served the two girls better if her way was adhered to instead of Alice's. Bill Pullman is adequate as the American lawyer living in Thailand. The film is photographed very well also. The inside of the prison while not the same as Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return To Paradice but it does show the necessary ( but underdone) hopelessness of the situation that they are in. Johnathin Kaplan's direction is quite good as well. We see the two girls struggling to make it through each day but you can see their spirit is being put out a little more each day. Brokedown Palace is excellent when it talks about friendship and it shows how they have to rely on each other to survive. The other thing that I had to comment on is the soundtrack for the film. It heightens and compliments the mood of the film to perfection. The song that you hear in the trailer is also played in the film and when it plays you feel the plight of the women in this prison. You can feel how alone they must feel and how desperate they are to get out and get back to the simple things in life. And it also makes you look at yourself and realize how lucky we are to live in the society that we do. We have it easy compared to some country's and believe it or not the music is a perfect catalyst for reflection on this subject. Some of the music is done by a group called Delirium ( I think ) but it is Sara McLaughlin( wrong spelling but how do you spell her last name? ) that does the lyrics and her voice is beautiful and haunting and it adds so much to the film.<br /><br />What I didn't enjoy about the film was some of the stupidity that the girls exhibit. I won't say what it is that they do but when you see it for yourself you'll know what I am talking about. Also I didn't really feel that the prison they were in was all that bad. It looked more like a minimum security prison and that may be because when there are similar circumstances in other films that invlove men doing time in a foreign country the prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But I didn't get that here.<br /><br />Overall this is a great film and it really does make you ask the question " How far would you go for a friend? " That is a tough question and maybe one that none of us could honestly answer until put into the same situation. Let's just hope that it never comes down to that.
critique4525 I anticipated this movie to be decent and possibly clichÃƒÂ© but I was completely wrong! Charlie Cox (I had never heard of him until now) played an incredibly good leading man; he was so earnest and romantic me and my friend that saw the movie with me totally fell in love with him.<br /><br />Claire Danes who I did like before (LOVED her in Romeo and Juliet) made me enjoy her even more. Her acting was fantastic I couldn't even tell that she was American. The chemistry between her and Charlie Cox was extremely good the casting was quite perfect.<br /><br />Robert DeNiro and Michelle Pfeiffer were equally well-casted; DeNiro as that gay pirate...priceless priceless. I laughed so hard at that one scene where Septimus comes on the ship...oh my god wow. Pfeiffer played a decent villain I liked her as the snippy mother in Hairspray. But she had the right amount of melodrama and snide comments throughout the movie. <br /><br />Overall it was funny (but not slap-stick at all!) romantic the special effects weren't totally frequent but when they were they were great; the cameos from Ricky Gervais and Peter O'Toole were also well-placed. <br /><br />I totally recommend this movie to anyone who likes fantasy movies like the Princess Bride or even Lord of the Rings. It kept my interest the entire time and I will be buying the DVD when it comes out!
critique4526 Three children are born during a solar eclipse and ten years later this has somehow caused them to grow up without consciences. As their simultaneous tenth birthday celebrations approach they become cunning and calculating cold-blooded murderers. Nice-girl local teen Joyce Russel (Lori Lethin) finds herself confronting these little terrors when most others are falling for their angelic demeanors.<br /><br />Hearkening back to films like "The Bad Seed" and "Village of the Damned" this films' premise of evil children may not be wholly original but it's still pretty disturbing. All three of the child actors - Elizabeth Hoy Billy Jacoby and Andy Freeman - are chillingly convincing. Director Ed Hunt and his co-writer Barry Pearson maintain the unpleasant yet compelling mood for the duration of the film; they go so far as to have the little girl charge admission for an unwilling peep show involving her older sister (future stand-up comedienne and MTV personality Julie Brown whose striptease is a real eyeful).<br /><br />Name actors Susan Strasberg as an icy teacher and Jose Ferrer with barely any screen time as a doctor add to the proceedings with their presence while K.C. Martel one of the youngsters from the original "The Amityville Horror" is very likable as Joyces' kid brother. Other familiar faces like Ellen Geer B-movie he-man Michael Dudikoff Cyril O'Reilly ("Porky's" "Dance of the Damned") Joe Penny ('Jake and the Fatman') and William Boyett ("The Hidden") can be seen as well.<br /><br />Touching upon such parental fears as children playing with guns that they've discovered and being locked inside old refrigerators "Bloody Birthday" is a little more than just a slasher variation with kids as antagonists. Aided and abetted by Arlon Obers' music score this film sticks in the memory more than some of its brethren without lots of gore to fall back on (although that arrow through the eye gag works quite well).<br /><br />Bleak nasty and downbeat "Bloody Birthday" is worth a look for the curious.<br /><br />7/10
critique4527 Every now and then there gets released this movie no one has ever heard of and got shot in a very short time with very little money and resource but everybody goes crazy about and turns out to be a surprisingly great one. This also happened in the '50's with quite a few little movies that not a lot of people have ever heard of. There are really some unknown great surprising little jewels from the '50's that are worth digging out. "Panic in the Streets" is another movie like that that springs to the mind. Both are movies that aren't really like the usual genre flicks from their time and are also made with limited resources.<br /><br />I was really surprised at how much I ended up liking this movie. It was truly a movie that got better and better as it progressed. Like all 'old' movies it tends to begin sort of slow but once you get into the story and it's characters you're in for a real treat with this movie.<br /><br />The movie has a really great story that involves espionage though the movie doesn't start of like that. It begins as this typical crime-thriller with a touch of film-noir to it. But "Pickup on South Street" just isn't really a movie by the numbers so it starts to take its own directions pretty soon on. It ensures that the movie remains a surprising but above all also really refreshing one to watch.<br /><br />I also really liked the characters within this movie. None of them are really good guys and they all of their flaws and weaknesses. Really humane. It also especially features a great performance from Thelma Ritter who even received a well deserved Oscar nomination for. It has really got to be one of the greatest female roles I have ever seen.<br /><br />Even despite its somewhat obvious low budget this is simply one great original special little movie that deserves to be seen by more!<br /><br />10/10
critique4528 The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted. It is a tale that exemplifies the American spirit and the American character. This movie is a story from the early 20th century that is strangely relevant to the political landscape of the world in the beginning of the 21st century. It is a true classic.
critique4529 Hitler: The Rise of Evil was shrouded in controversy before it ever aired and that controversy may obscure the accomplishment of the film.<br /><br />Those who criticzed the film which they hadn't seen did so with good intentions based on the misguided thought that it would be overly sympathetic to Hitler. However they misunderstood the point: to humanize the evil Hitler is not sympathize with him. It is far more disturbing to realize that the unspeakable acts committed by one of history's greatest villains were committed by a human being. A sick diseased maniac to be sure but a human being nonetheless. It is necessary to know the story of how Hitler was able to come to power to prevent it from happening again.<br /><br />"Rise of Evil" is highlighted by a brilliant career best performance from Robert Carlyle who makes Hitler a human being without ever redeeming him in any way. Carlyle flawlessly captures the look and mannerisms of the Nazi leader while never letting the impersonation become cartoonish or distance us (something Anthony Hopkins was not quite able to accomplish when he portrayed Hitler in "The Bunker" another very good made-for-television film). While were are repulsed by Hitler's depravity and virulent ant-Semitism Carlyle gives him a certain magnetism and power the real Adolf Hitler must have possesed. After all while else would a nation have followed him?<br /><br />Of the various subplots by far the most compelling features Matthew Modine as reporter Fritz Gehrlich who makes it his life's work to draw attention to the reality of of Hitler and Nazism. While Modine's performance is a little stilted in part 1 by part 2 he seems to have settled in the character gives us a real-life hero in a film full of villains. Peter Stormare and Liev Schrieber also give strong support.<br /><br />Part 1 of this two-part mini series suffered a little bit from being overly choppy including a look at Hitler's childhood which lasts only the duration of the opening credits. And in part 2 sections detailing Hitler's relationship's with his niece and his mistress Eva Braun are less successful than the central plot but do serve to give us further insight into his mental and emotional state.<br /><br />Ultimately no film about Hitler can make us understand him. The average person is thankfully incapable of ever understanding a man who would try to exterminate an entire race of people. "Hitler: The Rise of Evil" tries less to make us understand Hitler and more to make us understand how he came to be power. It is an important story that must be told and it is impossible to believe anyone who has seen the film would accuse it of having anything but the best of intentions and the capability of doing anything but good.<br /><br />9 out of 10. *** 1/2
critique4530 Picture Bride has an excellent look into Hawaii's past and the people who lived there in that time. The time money earned and the hours that these people had put into their lives to survive and live takes a whole new meaning to blood sweat and tears.<br /><br />The concept of dating/matchmaking is something like what we do similar today via the net. Just that is more of snail mail. Very slow snail mail.<br /><br />The singing of the plantation's songs from the workers reminds me of the southern plantation workers' songs of their demise and future goals.<br /><br />The movie shows the hardship as well as soft romantic scenes that Hawaii can bring. Like the stillness of a storm coming and the sudden chaos of the rain and then the tranquility.
critique4531 At times this overtakes The Thing as my favourite horror film. While Carpenter's film is the more efficient and more entertaining flick Kubrick's is more artistic more thought-provoking and probably scarier. It's one of the few films where I can look past its flaws and truly and wholly love it. I try not to compare it to the book Ã‚Â– which I've only read once a number of years ago and which scared me to death Ã‚Â– because the two don't have a lot in common besides the story and characters obviously. It's almost as if Kubrick was banking on people's love of the novel in order to make his film more frightening. And it that way it's certainly one of the most interesting book adaptations ever made as well as one of the greatest horror films.<br /><br />What makes the film so terrifying is not the jump scares not the blood and gore not the various ghosts that pop up from time to time. It's the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people have complained about the casting of Nicholson in this role saying that it's too obvious that he's going to go crazy in the film given his past roles and his appearance. I disagree. We know he's going to go crazy Ã‚Â– since most of us have read the book Ã‚Â– and Jack's appearance only furthers this notion. But it's the way he acts at the beginning that makes us truly scared. He's calm quiet patient. He engages in inane small talk with the hotel managers and even with his own family. And with a wife and son as irritating as his it's a small wonder that he manages to do so. But once he gets to the Overlook he changes. He becomes irritable angry on edge. The scene that always shocks me is when Wendy interrupts him typing and he utterly loses it telling her to "leave him the f*** alone". This is the first f-bomb dropped in the film and it's a shock to the system. From then on all bets are off.<br /><br />Another thing I love is the multiple interpretations present in the film. We're never really sure if what we're seeing is actually happening. Many critics have noted that whenever Jack talks to a ghost there's a mirror present showing that he may as well be talking to himself. But what of the other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the film's climax until she is given a tour of the hotel's many ghostly inhabitants but she is well aware that something is wrong while Danny connects with the place almost immediately. His psychic powers are not in question Ã‚Â– how else would Hallorann know to come to the hotel? Ã‚Â– but does he ever see any of the ghosts that his parents witness? It's easy to claim that Jack merely loses it being trapped in a hotel with his family and Wendy later does as well Ã‚Â– seeing your husband attempt to kill you with an axe will do that Ã‚Â– but what of Danny? It appears that his body is taken over by Tony but how do we know for sure? None of these characters are reliable witnesses. Hallorann probably would be and he warns of the dangers in 237 but he's killed as soon as he arrives at the Overlook (a scare Kubrick achieves by playing on the assumptions of fans of the novel). And that final shot. Has there ever been a more enigmatic ending in cinema? Has Jack really been there before? Or was his body merely 'absorbed' into the hotel? When talking about the acting in this film any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most annoying performances in cinematic history Ã‚Â– probably on purpose to give Jack's character more of a reason to snap Ã‚Â– and Danny Lloyd is no better but Jack is a powerhouse. Part method part improvisation he's simultaneously terrifying and appealing. For better or for worse he's the character with whom we identify with not the annoying kid or nagging wife. We all want to have a hotel to ourselves for a season be able to do whatever we want. Who cares if it's haunted? Of course the technical aspects are terrific. Kubrick's long takes strange angles and bizarre imagery all contribute to the horror. The use of colour mirrors long hallways and every other motif only heightens this. And don't even get me started on that score. I don't know if the film would be half as scary without that haunting electronic tune. Its strangeness perfectly reflects the hotel the mood and the entire film itself.<br /><br />I know King doesn't like this film but King's input on cinema is nothing to brag about. As great of a novel writer he may be his screenplays are terrible and his attempt at directing is better left unnoticed. This is not a very faithful book adaptation but it doesn't need to be and it really shouldn't. Part of the horror of the film is that the viewer doesn't have the book to fall back on; there's no reassuring source material. Kubrick masterfully alters the narrative to terrify the audience even more. If only for that this is one of the most innovative films in any genre. And it's got everything else on top of that.
critique4532 A wounded Tonto standing alone to protect three innocent lives. A devious woman masterminding a deadly plot. Racial tension. Smart Indians.<br /><br />These are things we rarely if ever saw in the TV series but this movie adds them all into the mix. While this is most certainly a Lone Ranger movie it mixes up the formula just enough that those who grew tired of the series would probably still enjoy it. Definitely recommended for any fan.
critique4533 Director Vincenzo Natali first showed his penchant for character-based sci-fi flicks with his 1997 short film "Elevated" wherein 3 people remain trapped in an elevator while unseen monsters roam the building. His follow-up feature project "Cube" released later that year had a very similar premise this time with 6 people and instead of an elevator it was a vast expansion of interlocking cubic deathtraps. Both were admirable attempts to take the sci-fi genre a step further by deliberately declining to show almost any visual stimulation choosing instead to spend as much time as possible focusing on the human element how the characters act react and interact under incomprehensible and dangerous conditions. After his exploration into the mainstream with 2002's "Cypher" Natali has come back to his bizarre character-film trend to bring us "Nothing" his latest and by far most optimistic and comedic take on the wide cinematic world of "What If?"<br /><br />Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are life-long friends brought together by a mutual detachment from society and a lack of any one else to be with. Dave who has always been hindered by a selfish and somewhat dimwitted nature lives rent-free with Andrew at his ill-located and ill-constructed house where he often takes advantage of Andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality. Despite all this the two misfits are happy together until one day their deep character flaws coupled with some astronomically bad luck land them in the middle of some pretty serious jail-sentence-worthy trouble. On top of this they discover that their house has been deemed unfit for existence and is scheduled to be demolished before sunset so in the hazy nightmarish panic of everything going wrong for them they wish that the whole world would just disappear. And it does.<br /><br />Going any further with the synopsis would compromise a lot of the film's slow (occasionally too slow) reveal about what's happened to Dave and Andrew and how they deal with their new reality. Natali's fascination with studying human behavior under duress (ala The Birds) is here in spades but simply by making the main characters friends rather than strangers he's able to break away from the thriller-horror element of this premise to open it up to a more comfortable and optimistic level. It's almost as if he's made the aphoristic opposite of "Cube".<br /><br />Of course the film is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In keeping with fundamental realism our two anti-heroes' dynamic often becomes antagonistic sometimes with rather nasty results. Like the "Desert Island" game the film looks at how even best friends when left alone together can fall apart but at the same time it shows that friends are vital to the quality of existence. In a very twisted sci-fi way this is a feel-good flick with good heart and good intentions.<br /><br />However there are a few qualms to be had with "Nothing". While the two lead actors Hewlett and Miller do well with their parts their characters are not nearly as interesting as they should have been considering it is completely up to them to entertain us for the better part of an hour. There is some development in the relationship and personalities of Dave and Andrew some background is given but ultimately not enough. A generous viewer will sit through the less-engaging portions of the film to see it through to the end but cynics will probably give up pretty fast.<br /><br />Acting as mentioned is adequate and considering the amount of 'green-screen' work that would've been needed reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller who both wrote co-wrote the screenplay have been long-time friends of Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett has in fact featured in every film Natali has made. Perhaps it was their creative input that steered this film in a more positive direction. Nonetheless the story could have been a lot more involving. Granted it is relatively entertaining considering that (no pun intended) nothing really happens but you get the impression that in more experienced hands a lot more could've been done with this premise.<br /><br />In all fairness "Nothing" is an impressive piece of work in many ways. The concept is interesting the direction is inventive the script works on a human level and most of all it shows a progression in Natali's creative mentality. For fans of his work this will be a delight and for others it will be a nice way to pass a little unwanted time. It's just a shame that the director's fixation on human drama prevented it from being the great fun film it could have been.
critique4534 I've always believed that David and Bathsheba was a film originally intended for Tyrone Power at 20th Century Fox although Gregory Peck does give a good account of himself as King David the monarch with a wandering eye.<br /><br />A whole lot of biblical subjects get covered in this film adultery redemption sin punishment and generally what God expects from his followers.<br /><br />When you're a king even king in a biblically prophesied kingdom you certainly do have a lot perogatives not open to the rest of us. King David has many wives including one really vicious one in Jayne Meadows who was the daughter of Saul David's predecessor. But his eyes catch sight of Bathsheba out in her garden one evening. Turns out she's as unhappily married to Uriah the Hittite as David is to quite a few women. Uriah is one of David's army captains. David sends for Bathsheba and him being the King she comes a runnin' because she's had her eye on him too.<br /><br />What happens an affair a pregnancy and a carefully arranged death for Uriah in a battle. But an all seeing and knowing Deity has caught all of this and is not only punishing David and Bathsheba but the entire Kingdom of Israel is being punished with drought disease and pestilence.<br /><br />The sexist law of the day calls for Bathsheba to have a stoning death. David shows weakness in his previous actions but here he steps up to the plate and asks that the whole thing be put on him. He even lays hands on the Ark of the Covenant which was an instant death as seen in the film.<br /><br />My interpretation of it is that God admires guts even if you're wrong and he lets up on David and forgives them both. Bathsheba becomes the mother of Solomon and she and David are the ancestors of several successors in the divided kingdoms of Israel and Judah until they're both conquered.<br /><br />Susan Hayward is a fetching Bathsheba caught in a loveless marriage with Uriah played by Kieron Moore. The only thing that gets Moore aroused is a good battle. I liked Kieron Moore's performance as a brave and rather stupid horse's rear. <br /><br />No one can lay the law down like Raymond Massey. His Nathan the Prophet is in keeping with the John Brown character he played in two films same intensity. <br /><br />So when His own law called for death why did God spare Bathsheba and keep David on the throne. Maybe it was the fact He just didn't want to train a third guy for the job. He'd replaced Saul with David already. <br /><br />But I think the Christian interpretation might be that this was a hint of the New Testament forthcoming that one might sin and receive mercy if one asks for it penitently. I'll leave it to the biblical scholars to submit interpretations.<br /><br />Watch the film and you might come up with an entirely new theory.
critique4535 To start off this happens to be my favorite of the ST OS.<br /><br />In addition to StuOz's critical comments I'll throw in some more: Getting technical when the Enterprise fires it's photon torps at a blind target they'd have to be mighty close to direct hits (I believe) in order to cause any disturbance much less damage to the Romulan vessel with the vacuum of space to contend with.<br /><br />I had somewhat of a problem with the Romulan commander questioning his faith in the Romulan "protocol" or their leadership unless it has to do with attacking vulnerable targets (outposts in the neutral zone) that are not at war. Also I don't think commander would fall for the basic or simple tactics that Kirk played such as "playing dead" or falling for the ploy that the subordinate puts on him about whether or not to attack the Enterprise when it is playing dead.<br /><br />On the Enterprise: I'm surprised that after seeing the Romulan vessel's method of attack earlier that Sulu would say "Are they surrendering?" when it attacks the Enterprise the first time.<br /><br />Funny how Spock can only get the repair done on the weapons control right when the emergency is over.<br /><br />Also in the final attack I thought the Romulan vessel was uncloaked too long (so long that Spock could run down a couple aisles and back to the weapons room and activate and fire the photon torpedoes. I would have used phasers at this point but I'm sure it had to do with the technicians and budget).<br /><br />On the positive side: It's a good drama played on the Romulan vessel in which to introduce us to the Romulans. Great scenes with Stiles telling a good deal of the human knowledge of the Romulans. Also his conflict with Spock is right up there. I wished Stiles' character would have stayed on the show for a while if for nothing else than the energy he added.<br /><br />It's only in fun that I point out the negatives and goofs (I'm sure there are more). But for me this is as good as it gets!! "Balance of Terror" is always the one I place at the top in my ST rankings.
critique4536 WHO'S GOT THE GOLD? is (unfortunately) the last of the HANZO THE RAZOR films starring Shintaro Katsu as the title character - the multi-weapon proficient authority-bucking samurai officer with the "unique" technique of raping confessions out of unwilling female informants until they "spill the beans" and beg for more...<br /><br />This entry starts with Hanzo "uncovering" a woman who poses as a ghost to guard a lake that's filled with bamboo trunks filled with gold stolen from the Treasury. This leads to Hanzo discovering a loan-sharking scheme and an orgy ring run by a blind monk. The requisite swordplay and rape/interrogation ensue - finalizing in a decent ending for this strange trilogy of films.<br /><br />Not quite as strong and enjoyable as THE SNARE (part 2 of the series...) but still great for fans of samurai sleaze and Japanese pinky-style films. 8/10
critique4537 Black Water is a movie that in a way surprised me and definitely exceeded my original expectations. "Black Water" is truly a very well structured unpredictable thrilling well directed and well creepy movie. The plot is actually somewhat original and will definitely keep you intrigued with it. One thing I love about this movie is the direction because mainly on how it surpassed my original expectations. My original expectations of "Black Water" was that it was a crappily made acted directed paced and boring movie. It really wasn't. Well the acting is nothing to praise because there were times were I feel they didn't show enough emotions and there are some lines that feel just so scripted. However I love the direction because all of it's shots seem predictable but arn't. Like when watching it say the camera gets a slow shot of the water and it goes quite you're like the croc's about to attack. However the croc's attacks are very unpredictable(which was bad for me who doesn't handle films like this all to greatly) and this does make you jump. Plus I just love that it's one of those horror movies that don't rely on the sudden big sound blast to make you jump but instead the actual movie. I also like how the story is about people who are trapped in these trees it made it seem very real and definitely kept your eyes on the screen. I must say I didn't think the opening 20 so minutes were done well and I think they made the boat a little heavier than it would have been in real life. Plus I didn't like how they tried their absolute best to make the characters situation seem entirely hopeless when it really wasn't. Also again I just don't think some of the characters actions were realistic. For example I wouldn't have gone anywhere near the water knowing their was a crocodile in it let alone a killer one. However these problems really arn't that major and I was still able to enjoy the film. Overall as far as movies go I've seen better but as far as animal attack horror films(a genre I get easily scarred at) it's one of the better ones you'll see. And sure it's not perfect but that doesn't mean it's not worth a shot.
critique4538 This is easily the best cinematic version of William Faulkner's fiction that I've ever seen and I've seen several of the most prominent ones. Filmed in Faulkner's hometown of Oxford Mississippi it really captures the feeling of Jefferson and Yoknapatawpha County. Intruder in the Dust is not one of Faulkner's best novel but even if it is a clichÃƒÂ© to say this it would be the crown jewel in any one else's career. It beats Harper Lee's good but simplistic To Kill a Mockingbird fifty feet into the ground (I read that one in ninth grade and that's exactly where it belongs). Two of Faulkner's most prominent characters play major parts in the film Gavin Stevens and Lucas Beauchamp. Stevens is probably the single most common character in all of Faulkner's fiction. He's a lawyer and he works easily as a narrator because unlike many of his other characters Stevens is a man of logic not emotion (at least when he's older). Lucas Beauchamp may be the most prominent of all of Faulkner's black characters (he plays a major part in one of Faulkner's out-and-out masterpieces Go Down Moses); unlike all of the other black folks in Yoknapatawpha he refuses to bow down to any white man. He has pride and many in the white population find that an execrable quality in a black man. One day Lucas is found standing over a dead white man with a recently-fired pistol in his possession. Most of Jefferson and the surrounding areas don't see the need for a trial and everyone's pretty sure that Beauchamp will be lynched before the evening's over or at least the next day as the murder and arrest occurred on a Sunday. Beauchamp on the other hand declares his innocence and tries to get Stevens to help him. Stevens refuses; the case seems open and shut. But his young nephew Chick Mallison because Lucas had helped him in the past is willing to help him now.<br /><br />As far as I know no Hollywood film of this period deals with racism as overtly as this one. Hollywood films rarely persecute the black population but instead prefer to relegate them to servant roles. If you're an African American actor you might as well give up and accept that role as either the mammy the maid the servant or the porter because that's the only way you'll work. In Intruder in the Dust there is to be found one of the most memorable non-porter roles a black actor ever had Lucas Beauchamp. And Beauchamp as I described above is no stereotypical character and might have been hard for audiences to accept. Even today black characters are usually simple magical and kind. The recent arthouse hit Far from Heaven is a great example of that. Beauchamp is kind of a jerk and he's very stubborn. Although he's perhaps a little less so here than he is in the novel he's not any kind of stereotype. He's a complex human being. Juano Hernandez plays Beauchamp extraordinarily well. I haven't seen the film in a while but he also appears in Robert Aldrich's 1955 film Kiss Me Deadly as well as the cinematic adaptation of Faulkner's final novel The Reivers.<br /><br />All the actors are great in the film. I should also praise quickly Claude Jarman Jr. who has the great role of Chick Mallison. The novel takes place from his point of view and he is the conventional hero of the picture. Jarman is quite an actor; he captures the character (who also appears elsewhere in Faulkner's fiction narrating for example events that happened a decade or more before he was born in the 1957 novel The Town) perfectly. He would appear in another great role the next year in the underrated John Ford film Rio Grande. The only other film of Clarence Brown's that I've seen is National Velvet quite a different picture than Intruder in the Dust. His job here is exceptional; I really have to credit him with capturing Faulkner perfectly. Other famous Faulkner adaptations are too melodramatic (The Long Hot Summer filmed in 1958 which I really like despite that) or too cold (Tomorrow filmed in 1972 which I do not like; that coldness is a complete misunderstanding of Faulkner). The only other one that really does well according to its source material is Douglas Sirk's great 1958 filming of Pylon (really a different sort of Faulkner novel altogether) Tarnished Angels. 10/10.
critique4539 If it is true that sadomasochism is a two-sided coin which contains the whole in the diverse expression of its opposites then the cinematic portrait of Erika Kohut has its reality. Professor Kohut treats her piano students with a kind of fascist sadism while longing for the same for herself. Her outward expression projects her desire. That is why she can hurt without guilt or remorse.<br /><br />Along comes talented charming handsome young Walter Klemmer (Benoit Magimel) who is attracted to her because of her passion and her intensity. He wants to become her student so as to be close to her. She rejects him out of hand but because of his talent the Vienna conservatory votes him in. He falls in love with her. Again she pushes him away but he will not take no for an answer and thereby begins his own descent into depravity and loss of self-respect.<br /><br />The question the viewer might ask at this point is who is in control? The sadist or the masochist? Indeed who is the sadist and who the masochist? It is hard to tell. Is it the person who has just been greatly abused both psychologically and physically who is actually lying wounded on the floor in grotesque triumphant and fulfillment or is it the person who is rushing out the door sated giving the order that no one is to know what happened.<br /><br />But Erika is not just a sadomasochistic freak. She is a sex extreme freak. She wants to experience the extremes of human sexuality while maintaining the facade of respectability. Actually that isn't even true. She says she doesn't care what others think. She doesn't care if they walk in and find her bleeding on the floor because she is in love. Love she calls it. For her sex and love are one and the same.<br /><br />At one point Walter tells her that love isn't everything. How ironic such a superfluity is to her. How gratuitous the comment.<br /><br />The movie is beautifully cut and masterfully directed by Michael Haneke who spins the tale with expert camera work and carefully constructed sets in which the essence of the action is not just clear but exemplified (as in the bathroom when Walter propels himself high above the top of the stall to find Erika within). He also employs a fine positioning of the players so that they are always where they should be with well timed cuts from one angle to another. This is particularly important in the scene in which Erika like a blood-drained corpse caught in stark white and black light lies under her lover rigid as stone. Here for the most part we only see her face and the stark outline of her neck with its pulsating artery. We don't need to see any more.<br /><br />The part of Erika Kohut is perfect for Isabelle Huppert who is not afraid of extremes; indeed she excels in them. I have seen her in a number of movies and what she does better than almost anyone is become the character body and soul. Like the woman she plays in this movie she is unafraid of what others may think and cares little about her appearance in a decorative sense. What matters to her is the performance and the challenge. No part is too demanding. No character too depraved. It's as if Huppert wants to experience all of humanity and wants us to watch her as she does. She is always fascinating and nearly flawless. She is not merely a leading light of the French cinema; she is one of the great actresses of our time who has put together an amazingly diverse body of work.<br /><br />I think it is highly instructive and affords us a wonderful and striking contrast to compare her performance here with her performance in The Lacemaker (La DentelliÃƒÂ¨re) from 1977 when she was 22 years old. There she was apple sweet in her red hair and freckles and her pretty face and her cute little figure playing Pomme a Parisian apprentice hairdresser. Her character was shy about sex and modest--just an ordinary French girl who hoped one day to be a beautician. Here she is a self-destructive witch bitter with hateful knowledge of herself shameless and entirely depraved.<br /><br />Huppert is fortunate in being an actress in France where there are parts like this for women past the age of starlets. (Hollywood could never make a movie like this.) In the American cinema only a handful of the very best and hardest working actresses can hope to have a career after the age of about thirty. Huppert greatly increases her exposure because of her ability and range but also because she is willing to play unsympathetic roles here and also in La CÃƒÂ©rÃƒÂ©monie (1995) in which she plays a vile spiteful murderess.<br /><br />Do see this for Isabelle Huppert. You won't forget her or the character she brings to life.
critique4540 This movie turned out to be better than I had expected it to be. Some parts were pretty funny. It was nice to have a movie with a new plot.
critique4541 We stumbled upon the documentary Grey Gardens last Sunday and got "sucked in" without warning. Everyone who entered the room became transfixed on the television and the haunting images of Edith and Edie who seemed to be living out their lives in practically one room of a large filthy mansion on the beach eating ice cream and corn on the cob (which was cooked on the bedside table)--and the cat urinating on edith's bed and her unbelievable words "i thrive on it the smell." We had not seen the beginning and wondered what we were watching and how these aristocratic women managed to get in the position they were in. Spellbinding! a must see!!!!
critique4542 I read a few reviews of the movie and got the impression that it was not as good as the previous Karate Kid installments. Although my favorite is still Karate Kid II I felt this fourth installment of the movie series was consistent with the others and had some important lessons to share. Unlike the previous versions the karate student is a female teenager who takes a somewhat different learning path rather than a male teenager. Maggi finds this a little more challenging but rises to the occasion. The plot twists are believable and predictable. I found that the bad guys are a little one dimensional but this weakness is present in all the installments in varying degrees. The camera work is impressive and pans across some beautiful scenery from time to time. The Zen monastery is both austere and charming. The Zen monks add some humor and lightness to the narrative flow. I liked the "Zen Bowling" scenes which are a humorous counterpoint to the more serious Zen archery scene earlier on. The quality level of the movie is like a good TV series. The music chosen for the background is very good especially with the Little River Band playing "Listen to Your Heart". The lessons in the movie are valuable and worthwhile to learn. They feel faithful to the spirit of karate and take care not to over-glorify the fighting part. All in all I enjoyed it.
critique4543 This was a very enjoyable film. A humorous but poignant look at family and the obligations that come with it. The story of a man who comes home from his life in the city to his fathers bath house in a small Chinese village. There he learns to appreciate even cherish the very things he left home to get away from. The film is as visually beautiful as it is emotionally beautiful.
critique4544 In any number of films you can find Nicholas Cage as a strong silent hero Dennis Hopper as a homicidal maniac Lara Flynn Boyle as a vamp/tramp and the late lamented J.T. Walsh as the heavy. These are the types of roles these four can play in their sleep and they have done so often enough that to see them playing them again borders on cliche. What a relief therefore that John Dahl a master at getting a lot of mood out of a little action directed this nuanced noirish thriller. Hopper manages to keep from going over the top Cage shows a little more depth than his usually-superficial action heroes Boyle is by turns sultry innocent and scheming and one gets a sense of the hard iron of the soul that is central to his character Wayne. Dahl's direction gives a sense of the emptiness of the Big Sky country where the story takes place while also being intimate enough to show how a wrinkled brow can indicate a radical change of plot in store. The plot twists are top-notch and one of the other great twists in this movie is that some of the supporting characters actually act as if they have brains. It isn't often that minor characters like deputy sheriffs have more brains than their headlining superiors. But with a director as smart as Dahl you shouldn't be surprised by the intelligence of anything connected with this film. An excellent movie.
critique4545 Many funny scenes about the people that you don't normally pay attention to in a movie and what they have to do to get work and what happens once they do. Lou Myers was very funny as Half-Step Wilson. Any guy that has a tight group of friends can relate to many of the non-movie related scenes scattered throughout the movie.
critique4546 For people who are first timers in film making I think they did an excellent job!! We have to support the emerging industry especially coming from up north. It was very popular when I was in the cinema a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs. It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema! It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents. The film has just opened I do hope it does well - people should support this little film. I think this 'vinny...' person is very bitter about something! And getting too personalÃ‚Â…? shame!! I say well done to all those involvedÃ‚Â…have a drink on me!! I look forward to you next venture.
critique4547 this is a great film!!!<br /><br />I first saw this film when it came out. I just recently saw this film again and it still holds up to my memory of it. A lot of films we watched when we were younger don't seem to hold up when we watch them later in life. The film is actually a great 80's example of the type of films made then. Keaton is at his best all the actors actually did a very good job and Ron Howard was very good at letting the story push the movie along instead forcing it. The pace of the film is fast with few slow spots and seeing the cars from the 80's is too funny. Being from the 80's I loved seeing the ugly pacer again. The film is a great film for any comedy lovers and 80's film lovers.
critique4548 This is a really good flick with awesome humor. Jim Verney as we know was very good with facial expressions and demonstrates a lot of it in this movie.This is definitely the best of the Ernest films.I would surely recommend it to any Ernest fan out there.i find myself to have great taste in movies and I'm sure anyone will enjoy this movie. In the movie (Ernest) plays 2 roles bad guy and good guy and plays them quite well. I really enjoy exaggeration type humor where things just seem impossiblelike in the naked gun films for example and there is plenty of it in this movie.I bought this movie right after i saw it. Good directing good script worth renting.
critique4549 Petter Mattei's "Love in the Time of Money" is a visually stunning film to watch. Mr. Mattei offers us a vivid portrait about human relations. This is a movie that seems to be telling us what money power and success do to people in the different situations we encounter. <br /><br />This being a variation on the Arthur Schnitzler's play about the same theme the director transfers the action to the present time New York where all these different characters meet and connect. Each one is connected in one way or another to the next person but no one seems to know the previous point of contact. Stylishly the film has a sophisticated luxurious look. We are taken to see how these people live and the world they live in their own habitat.<br /><br />The only thing one gets out of all these souls in the picture is the different stages of loneliness each one inhabits. A big city is not exactly the best place in which human relations find sincere fulfillment as one discerns is the case with most of the people we encounter.<br /><br />The acting is good under Mr. Mattei's direction. Steve Buscemi Rosario Dawson Carol Kane Michael Imperioli Adrian Grenier and the rest of the talented cast make these characters come alive.<br /><br />We wish Mr. Mattei good luck and await anxiously for his next work.
critique4550 Ang Lee clearly likes to ease into a film to catch action characters and setting on the hoof as they emerge. Covering the haphazard endgame of the American civil war via the haphazard actions of a young militia unformed in mind or manhood this is an ideal approach. The film turns out to be about the formation of personalities adulthood and relationships. Lee also shows the beautiful panoramas of the mid-south as a silent character enduring the strife like a hardy parent.<br /><br />James Schamus' script is probably the standard bearer for this film; close behind it are a number of well-appointed performances that carry it admirably. Jeffrey Wright's name alone could carry this film for me. He's brilliant here but in a slow burning role: instead we are treated to very good (if not revelatory) performances from a large often recognisable ensemble.<br /><br />A noble optimistic film. One to watch if you don't fancy the harder more bittersweet Cold Mountain or The Claim for example. 7/10
critique4551 I managed to see the MTV premiere of this movie last night and I needed to tell everyone that this movie brought the thunder. Obviously this movie will be most enjoyed by fans of the D as it has plenty of in-jokes for those that have seen the HBO series and has more than enough D for newer fans and the mass of soon-to-be converts. The music really shines with the new songs "Kickapoo" (which is much better than it sounds) "Master Exploder" (possibly the 3rd best song in the world) and "Dude (I totally miss you)". There are a load of excellent scenes (the car chase the rock-off the meeting) and cameos (including Dave Grohl as Satan!). I really could go on for hours but I don't want to give the movie away. Go see it. You won't be disappointed.
critique4552 The name of this film alone made me want to see just what it was all about so I taped this film during the early hours of the AM. If you ever wanted to see what miners had to go through during the early days and actually see a dramatic scene when the mine crumbles in on the men. This film clearly wants to show that Germany and France can work together and be friends after WW I and how the Germans came to the aid of the French miners much to the unbelief of the French townsfolk. The actors were all outstanding with unusual scenes in the mine with a horse and a small young boy who worked in the mine. There is an old old retired miner who manges to go down the mine by ladder when the elevator breaks down. If you are a real film buff this is a film you will not want to miss.
critique4553 Home Room really surprised me. In comparison to other movies that were written regarding Columbine high school this one is the best. Home room does not show the school shooting but rather the aftermath and the effects of the community and the town. The movie focus' on two opposite characters. Alecia(Busy Phillips) and Deanna(Erika Christensen). Alecia is an outcast who witnessed the entire shooting. She seems to show no emotion about it. Deanna is a popular girl and the only surviving victim. Alecia is forced to visit Deanna at the hospital in order to graduate. Meanwhile the police are investigating Alecia as she might have known the shooting was going to happen. Alecia and Deanna are very different and do not get along at first. Eventually they develop a mutual understanding for one another and become friends. (very much in the style of the breakfast club). Home Room Beautifully shows the power of closeness and turmoil after a school shooting. I would recommend this film to anyone and everyone.
critique4554 I'm not entirely sure Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "Master" in the genre of horror since he previously just directed one horror film called "Wrong Turn" and that one was actually just was slightly above mediocre but fact is that he made with "Right to Die" one of the best and creepiest episodes of the entire second season of the "Masters of Horror" franchise. There was a similar underdog story in season one when William Malone made on of the best episodes with "The Fair Haired Child" even though his other long feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" sucked pretty badly.<br /><br />The story of "Right to Die" cleverly picks in on the nowadays piping hot social debate of euthanasia but thankfully also features multiple old-fashioned horror themes like ghostly vengeance murderous conspiracies pitch black humor and comic book styled violence. Whilst driving home late one night and discussing the husband's continuous adultery the Addison couple are involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff walks away from the wreck unharmed but his wife Abby is fully burned and needs to be kept alive artificially. Whilst Cliff and his sleazy attorney (Corbin Bernsen of "The Dentist") want to plug the plug on her and sue the car constructor Abbey's mum sets up a giant media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and blame everything on Cliff. Meanwhile Abbey's hateful spirit comes back for revenge and kills someone in Cliff's surrounding whenever she has a near fatal experience with the medical devices. After a few victims Cliff realizes it might be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to remain alive as well. "Right to Die" is a stupendous episode and exactly the type of stuff I always hoped to see from a TV-series concept like "Masters of Horror". It's violent and gory with a sick & twisted sense of humor and loads of sleaze sequences. The euthanasia theme and the whole obligatory media circus that surrounds it is processed into the script very well yet without unnecessarily reverting to political standpoints or morality lessons. The atmosphere is suspenseful and the killing sequences are suitably nasty and unsettling. Actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney both have pretty face and impressively voluptuous racks which is always a welcome plus and Corbin Bernsen is finally offered the chance again to depict a mean-spirited and egocentric bastard. Great "MoH" episode; definitely one of the highlights of both seasons.
critique4555 This film is worthwhile despite what you may hear. The performance of Marie Dressler (I hope I am spelling it right) as a drunken old sot is reason enough to see this film. It is an amazing performance. She is in a drunken stupor in three scenes for a good long while and she never does the same thing twice. You can actually smell the alcohol when she is done. Amazing. And Greta of course speaks her first lines on film and shes great. The Eugene O'Neill story is solid and like most O'Neill stories very deep and intense. This is not light entertainment but if you appreciate those great character actors from the 30's and 40's you will like it. Some of the film is technically fuzzy but all in all worthwhile.
critique4556 This is a profound and moving work about the creation of art that which is uniquely human and cannot be produced by nature the cost of genius and the search for transcendence and what in the end constitutes family i.e all of us. I was very much moved by the family discussion that Nathaniel had with his sisters about the shortcomings of their father as it was set in a beautiful home that seemed to radiate warmth that Lou had created. And although Esther seems so cold in her discussion about Lou's inability to make money you can appreciate how she at many points in his life must have been a counter-weight to his impulses. Nathaniel did a great job of showing how all of the people in Lou's life fit in and completed it and became as much a part of his work as his own genius. Yes even or maybe especially our failures make us who we are. And of course there are the buildings. I had only known Lou Kahn by name and did not really connect his name to his work they are evidence of grace. Perhaps someday there will be a building where we will all fit and it will certainly resemble a Lou Kahn building perhaps the unbuilt temple in Jerusalem. Perhaps there is salvation
critique4557 I bought my first Zep album in 1974 (at 17) and have been hooked ever since. This DVD has now taken pride of place in my music collection. It is not often that a band can boast 4 virtuosos in their lineup but here we can. Each member made their own contribution to the band but on the stage together the electricity they generated was bigger than the 4 individuals. This masterpiece covers the band's entire career from Led Zep 1 to Coda and this is captured magnificently on this DVD as each concert shows how the band became bigger and bigger over the years. Recently my copy disappeared but I'm happy to say was found in my 17yo son's room as the new generation discover just how great these guys were. This is a must have for anyone who has an appreciation of rock music. Long live Led Zeppelin.
critique4558 This movie has made me a rugby -- and Coach Larry Gelwix -- fan. The story's characters slipped and fell before they begin to grow as they struggled through incredibly strong conflicts. Those were understandable and completely believable. Like life there were no easy answers for the problems facing them all. Superb actors and an excellent script brought this true story to life. I wish there were more movies like this one. These days I watch almost exclusively worthwhile true stories because they are typically far more interesting than fiction. Additionally this one is inspirational and it teaches us to not to give up on anyone too quickly.
critique4559 When I first rented Batman Returns I immediately thought it was going to be less than exceptional. I mean Jack Nicholson was undoubtedly the best part of the first so without him how could there be a good movie? Simple throw in Danny DeVito.<br /><br />Batman Returns is an arguably more dark movie than Batman. There are more villains here less actual dark comedy in a lot of aspects and more nerve-striking issues. However the music is similar to the first if not darker. The scenery is definitely more depressing than the first every detail right down to the time of year. This movie follows the same comic-style format we came to love in the first Batman.<br /><br />Now for the performances. Michael Keaton thankfully returns as Batman/Bruce Wayne. He was great in the first movie and just as much in this sequel. There was not enough screen time in the world for Keaton as Batman need MORE! Danny DeVito gave an award-winning performance as The Penguin the most grueling disgusting lovable angry evil sad pathetic villain ever to grace a superhero movie. You hate him so much yet feel so bad for him at the same time. And it explains him down to the last detail too making it all the more conflicting. Michelle Pfeiffer was excellent as Catwoman/Selina Kyle. Two completely different personalities in one. She actually got a good amount of back story as well. Christopher Walken didn't disappoint as Max Shreck the greedy judgmental selfish CEO of the power company. Michael Gough also thankfully returns as the lovable Alfred and he was just as good here as well. Pat Hingle also returns as Gordon although I feel he was really never in the spotlight.<br /><br />With lots of great twists and sub-plots Batman Returns is sure to please any fan of the original.<br /><br />9/10
critique4560 Hilarious show with so many great stories that it reflects the world today as we know it in such a funny way it literally stole my laughters for other shows. I laughed so hard that I just found any other comedy shows unfunny. The unique confessions of each characters is a great original technique that just makes the show funny and very humorous. You may think that this is an average comedy show about hard life with a family. That's what I thought at first but I found out that it holds new and unique techniques that completely sets it apart from any other average comedy show. Michael Rapaport is a star. I sure wish that this show wasn't canceled.
critique4561 This is more of the same thing that made this cartoon popular.....but who's complaining? It's always fun to see the poor coyote try various contraptions to get the Road Runner and then get pulverized by every one of those inventions.<br /><br />The underground cave chase was different from the normal fare and was clever. It gave us an aerial view of the chase in a maze-like structure. I didn't say it was hilarious; just different from the normal above-ground antics.<br /><br />This one along with some other Road Runner shorts are featured on the Looney Tunes Golden Collection Volume 2 and the transfers of them are spectacular. The colors are magnificent.
critique4562 When it comes down to fairy tales Cinderella was the one that made you cry the most. poor Cinderella is a girl who had her whole life stolen by 2 evil and ugly stepsisters and a slave-driving step-mother. and thanks to Mr. Walt Disney We got to witness Cinderella in animation.<br /><br />Before the story begins Cinderella and her father are lonely and rich beyond their needs. to share his wealth and to give his daughter some sisters Cinderella's Dad marries a woman but then dies soon after. the stepmother only seeing dollar signs in her eyes and slavery in her gorgeous step-daughter Cinderella.<br /><br />So for many days Cinderella is a slave to her step-mother and her step-sisters. she has hope however thanks to her friends the mice of the home (sounds like Cinderella wasn't playing with a full deck.) she has hope that one day she'll find her prince. the chance eventually comes when the prince of the kingdom needs a girlfriend.<br /><br />9/10
critique4563 <br /><br />Arriving by boxcar in New York City the shrewd young woman with the BABY FACE begins to methodically canoodle her way to the top floors of power in a great bank.<br /><br />Barbara Stanwyck is fascinating as the amoral heroine of this influential pre-Code drama. Without a shred of decency or regret she coolly manipulates the removal or destruction of the men unlucky enough to find themselves in her way. A wonderful actress Stanwyck has full opportunity here to display her ample talents.<br /><br />Appearing quite late in the story George Brent is a welcome addition as the one fellow possibly able to handle Stanwyck; his sophisticated style of acting makes a nice counterpoint to her icy demeanor. Douglas Dumbrille Donald Cook & Henry Kolker portray a succession of her unfortunate victims.<br /><br />John Wayne appears for just a few scant seconds as an unsuccessful suitor for Stanwyck's affections. This would be the only time these two performers appeared together on screen.<br /><br />Movie mavens should recognize Nat Pendleton as a speakeasy customer and Charles Sellon & Edward Van Sloan as bank executives - all unbilled.<br /><br />The music heard on the soundtrack throughout the film perfectly punctuating the plot is Ã‚Â‘Baby Face' (1926) by Benny Davis & Harry Akst and Ã‚Â‘St. Louis Blues' (1914) by W.C. Handy.<br /><br />BABY FACE is a prime example of pre-Code naughtiness. In its frank & unapologetic dealing with sex it is precisely the kind of film which the implementation of the Production Code in 1934 was meant to eliminate.
critique4564 Being half-portuguese doesn't render me half-blind (nor half-prejudiced) when discussing portuguese films. Not that I get to do that very often anyway. But this film was such a rush of adrenaline! Yes that's right - it was mostly accurate as far as history went/goes - but it pulled no punches on venturing beyond usual portuguese-film territory: things like using real locations in the middle of traffic-congested Lisbon and recruiting a real crowd to stand in for the real crowd of almost 30 years ago. And by God did they get it right! OK to sum it up: very emotional if you've lived through it but you'll spot minor improvements that could have been made as well as plot necessities that were. If you're just watching it randomly you're in for a good historical romp only of the very recent History kind and a bit more thought-proving than usual. Even by European standards yes.
critique4565 Add this little gem to your list of holiday regulars. It is<br /><br />sweet funny and endearing
critique4566 This is the best of the 43 films that Rainer Werner Fassbinder made; his most successful at least. He was one of the leading directors in the New Germany after WWII.<br /><br />Hanna Schygulla was magnificent as the cold calculating Maria Bruan who lost her husband to the War found him after she took an American soldier as a lover lost him again after he went to jail for her and found him agin at the end. Her day and a half marriage before he disappeared was longer than their time together at the end.<br /><br />Such is life. Things come and go and you do the best you can. You can give up or adjust you way of thinking to survive. Even though Maria adjusted her thinking and did what she had to do she never stopped loving Hermann which makes the end such a tragedy.<br /><br />Excellent drama.
critique4567 May and her husband go to visit their children and grandchildren. The visit is awkward because the grandchildren and "kids" don't really seem to know each other as one might expect. The warmth that should be there is missing. After dinner May's husband says he doesn't feel well blames it on his daughter's cooking and irritably says he wants to go home. He dies that night.<br /><br />May now a widow is lost. She clearly did not have a passionate marriage or a very interesting one but she had a purpose. She had someone who needed her and even though her own needs had gone unmet for years she had something to do with her days.<br /><br />She is depressed and unmotivated. She goes to stay with her daughter Paula who shortly after her mother's arrival lets her mother know that she has never felt that her mother has given much of herself at all. She lets loose with anger over her mother's lack of nurturing. May seems disarmed and surprised yet she also doesn't seem to have the energy or the desire to really make it right. "I'm your mother and I love you." What does really say? (I've heard this from my own mother way too many times and have yet to figure out what it means.) Paula is a bit (well more than a bit) neurotic. Both women are needy though they show it very differently.<br /><br />Paula has been involved with a friend of her son's Darren who is a handyman working on the house owned by her son. While Paula is working during the day May begins to have conversations and lunches with Darren. Darren is a married man who has stayed with his wife because of their autistic son Nicky but supposedly doesn't live in the home with his wife.<br /><br />May becomes attracted to Darren because he is virile and she enjoys the connection they seem to have. Darren becomes attracted to May because she offers a kind of peace and understanding that he does not get from the other women in his life. (He also becomes too interested in money that May says she can give him to "get away from it all" though he is clearly not interested in her desire to join him on such a journey. They end up sleeping together in the spare room during the day and May enjoys fulfillment as a woman that she has not known in years nor had ever expected to know again. As her daughter Paula had often told her that she would leave the married Darren this becomes part of May's rationalization that what she is doing is okay.<br /><br />At a writing group that Paula leads May is introduced rather forced to get together with a widower to whom she is not attracted. There is one scene where she has sex with the older man who clearly can barely perform and it truly painful and unsettling as we see the total disgust on May's face as she endures the one-time ghastly liaison.<br /><br />Eventually Paula discovers through some very graphic sketches done by her mother that indeed her mother and Darren have been having sex.<br /><br />This film will undoubtedly be seen by many in myriad ways. Sympathies will be divided. At one point during Paula's writing group May reveals through a short essay that she used to feel as though she hated her kids by the end of the day and would leave for pubs after they were asleep making sure to get back home before her husband.<br /><br />Clearly a good mother does not think of leaving children alone while she goes off to the local pub. May however also had revealed earlier in the film that her husband didn't like her having any friends so she didn't have any. She did what he wanted her to do. She was miserable but she put up with it because as she said "it was easier." So while May was not the best mother for those inclined to have any sympathy for her one might see May's actions as the act of a woman just wanting to be sexual and to be a live for "a few minutes" in her lifetime. A woman who just wanted someone to listen to her to know her as a human being to have a friend and a lover.<br /><br />Paula though neurotic and unhappy perhaps has become that way because of the distant parents who raised her. Certainly it is not difficult to understand why Paula feels completely betrayed by her mother.<br /><br />It is a well-done film with more complexities than I have mentioned and certainly one that will leave the viewer with many perhaps conflicting reactions. It is a film worth discussing and debating and above all worth seeing.<br /><br />One thing the film leaves us with is the horror and fear of a lonely life. No matter who is deemed "right" or who is deemed 'wrong" by each viewer that theme of old age and loneliness evoking a sense of dread in most of us is inescapable.
critique4568 Jessica Bohl plays Daphne the sexually precocious suburban teenager struggling with the hell of high school. Daphne's neighbor is Buddy (Richard Brundage) a depressed middle-aged man still angry over loosing his wife. Daphne is attracted to world of prostitution because it promises to cure her of barely legal boredom and loneliness. Once Buddy strips Daphne of her secret he hires her to help him accept the loss of his wife. The entire film takes place at the Hotel Duncan yet details of each character's history are exposed through dialogue and flashbacks. Their appointment climaxes with the story's concluding twist.<br /><br />Both actors truly understand and become their particular character delivering a convincing sincere performance. Their on-screen chemistry critical to the entire film is genuine.<br /><br />The film's dialogue is natural real to life. The writer Gorman Bechard undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate. Daphne is intelligent yet clearly still an eighteen year old. Buddy may be middle-aged but still not the hackneyed naÃƒÂ¯ve type normally depicted in film. Daphne and Buddy's conversation primarily deals with their despair and frustration with life but is still comical at the right times. Although the general mood is very relaxed the dialogue has its own vivacity forcing the audience to become empathetic toward the character's conditions and uncomfortable at their straightforward vulgarities.<br /><br />The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film. Each track commands sentiment actually contributing to the scenes and characters. Even existing independently from the film the compilation truly expresses You Are Alone's central theme-- loneliness.<br /><br />You Are Alone is a less conventional piece that deals with of notions typically not spoken. Definitely worth seeingÃ‚Â… it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.
critique4569 Have you heard the story about the reluctant heroes who were hired by a King to slay a dragon? Oh you have? Was it set in a world entirely composed of small islands floating above clouds and did the heroes have to make dangerous leaps from one island to the next on their journey? Did water flow upwards and remnants of great cities levitate on the horizon? I didn't think so.<br /><br />I stumbled onto this movie by accident and I'm really glad that I did! It's one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. Much like the Pixar movies it's a piece of computer animated art that could only be possible in today's world. The animators have invested thought into almost everything that appears on the screen and this attention to detail is staggering (the scene where the mushrooms in the foreground belch green smoke whilst the characters walk obliviously in the background is one of my favourites). The monsters are also fully realised and wonderful to watch in action.<br /><br />Although the plot may not be entirely unique the movie has enough charm to make sure you keep watching. Our protagonists are likable and interesting ensuring the audience is behind their almost impossible quest to reach the end of the world and destroy the dragon which might otherwise devour everything in its path. Of course Hector is the character most will fall in love with. A small blue creature with a crazy grin and a tendency to speak a mixture of nonsense and English Hector provides comedy relief in a way Jar Jar Binks could only dream of.<br /><br />In summary I'd recommend watching The Dragon Hunters if you get the opportunity. Watch it for the incredible animation the breath-taking battle scenes and for a glimpse into a world that's unlike anything else you've seen on a cinema or television screen. At the very least it's a fun way to spend an hour and a half - no matter if you're nine or twenty-nine (which in fact I am)!
critique4570 I mean let's face it all you have to do in modelling is pose for photos. The judging is so over the top with it's criticism. The show however is entertaining especially with Tyra Banks Nigel Barker J Alexander and the supermodel herself Twiggy. I've watched season 5 6 7 and in the middle of season 8. It looks like American Idol gone sexy but I'm a guy and I only watch it because of the hot girls posing in their bikinis! The show can be quite boring when it comes to judging Tyra tends to go on and on and it's really off-putting. Anyway would I recommend it? Yes Would I recommend it to women wanting to go into the modelling business? No.
critique4571 A sick man Carleton Hendricks (Dee Snider) cruises the Teen Chat lines as Captain Howdy. He poses as a teenage boy and invites other teens over his house to party. He instead knocks them out strips them sews their mouth closed and tortures them (mostly with needles). He captures the daughter of cop Mike Gage (Kevin Gage). He finds him arrests him and he's institutionalized. Four years later he's released...totally cured. But a lynch mop (led amusingly by Robert Englund) attack him and hang him. He doesn't die but he snaps and Captain Howdy is back...<br /><br />A very sick disturbing twisted horror film. Captain Howdy enjoys pain and torture and is trying to show the kids he kidnaps how to enjoy it also. The torture scenes aren't that explicit (you hear more than you see) but what you do see is very very sick. There's no humor and the (muted) screams of his victims sound way too real. I was cringing away from the TV during most of the scenes. <br /><br />The acting varies. Kevin Gage isn't that good as the cop--he's not terrible but he could have been better. Dee Snider is very scary as Captain Howdy--his attack scenes are not pleasant.<br /><br />All in all not your typical horror film. I'll probably never see it again (this film really gets under your skin) but I recommend it to all horror fans--at least those with strong stomaches. I give it a 7.
critique4572 The cast is different and now they took a different approach we have the street smart team "Networth" vs . the supposed professional team "Magna" but boy if you think the street smart team would have trouble you'd be right. While the Magna team has struggled at times the street team has simply disintegrated week after week.<br /><br />First some things to reiterate as far as the "Apprentice 3" first of it continues the same absurd mentality (from Trump) and the game in this series: if your a good project manager but you lose the team will turn on you and you will be fired despite the fact that your backstabbing teammates are often the ones who do half ass jobs. Simply absurd that a game show that claims to hire the best candidate actually "weeds" out the best while the dysfunctional candidates stab each other until one is left and that person is the best . lol<br /><br />Anyone this season weve seen a total of cursing backstabbing and even gay offensive stereotypes carried out as teams try to do campaigns.<br /><br />The list of victims so far Cast Tara Dowdell  Audrey Evans  Danny Kastner those three are the only that I feel were unfairly fired by Trump the rest really had it coming as they only incited conflict anger and suffering. It's just amazing as one candidate Audrey Evans said as how she who did a good job was fired and how some of her worthless teammates are still in the game.<br /><br />Yes its the game it's "The Apprentice" where manipulation backstabbing and always popular "everyone gang up on the project manager" mentality rules.<br /><br />It has been an entertaining ride though the candidates are given a wide array of assignments from photo shoots to the construction of mini golf courses to building of new apartments.<br /><br />Still though it's still the "Apprentice" though so all you can do basically is laugh the whole time as the insanity and chaos insues until lucky person is the winner.
critique4573 First off- What are some of you thinking? This is the best movie I've seen in ages! <br /><br />Secondly- I don't think of it as a British movie as it is set in Dublin and has mainly Irish actors- Moran Gambon Aisling O Sullivan(Rita) Deirdre O'Kane etc.<br /><br />Thirdly- I thought that Moran was excellent. He was hilariously funny through out. Micheal Caine seemed only to be there to get Moran context. Each character he took on he perfected. <br /><br />Abigail Iversen I thought was better than any other child actor I have seen. She was believable as the smart kid and also as a kid and an adult(yes I know that sounds strange but hey...). Even she managed to upstage Caine. <br /><br />Iversen and Moran worked very well together and were very funny in the preparation scene.<br /><br />Barreler(Gambon) was very funny in his ineptitude.
critique4574 Hak hap(Black Mask)is what I'd like to call a ballet with fists and explosions. Sure the plot has been tried and heard before (A biologically engineered soldier that is part of a elite fighting force of supermen that decides he feels that killing and brute force aren't the ways to settle every thing and becomes a pacifist and a librarian. But when he learns that the rest of his group is trying to get an antidote that will keep them alive by taking on the police -his best friend is a cop- he becomes the black mask.) the style that the movie goes for very visual works and at least for me is entertaining. I love martial arts movies that are a spectical. People flying around lighter than air and recovering a split second after impact keeps the pace and action non stop. But that is what this movie is about anyway right a showcase of Jet Li doing what he does best and that is spectacular showmanship of his skills which to say the least are top notch. As with most of the fast action martial arts movies ala. Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung that are just now showing themselves here in the states for the first time these movies are low on plot and high on amazing physical feats. But I must say even with the large holes left in the plot (like how do we see him safe in his apartment when just one scene before he had 20 men that are no more than 15 feet from him with sign of escape? Who knows the scene just cuts to him in the apartment.......ohh well suspension of belief I guess)  the movie to me stays interesting. It is only until the last 20 minutes that the film seems to feel like it could have been a little shorter. But still all around a great high paced action movie.
critique4575 Peter M. Cohen has a winner satire on the mating game twisted around and turned inside out. The critical bashing of the movie in mainstream media publications as "offensive" and "raunchy" only serves to underscore its intensity as a refreshing and concentrated dissection of people's sexual pursuits and passions. It is in the tradition of what I call "reality based" satire following in the footsteps of "In The Company of Men" "Chasing Amy" "Your Friends and Neighbors" and "Two Girls and a Guy". Cohen's dialogue is hilarious and I was continually intrigued by how perfectly he captured the real pace of today's conversations. Brian Van Holt Zorie Barber and Jonathan Abrahams are three distinct unrelenting sex-obsessed predators who along with the foil of their recently married buddy (superbly played by Judah Domke) are turned upside down on their own terms by a female predator (Amanda Peet). Underneath the satiric surface lurks a romantic comedy far more satisfying than most sugar-coated studio products.
critique4576 My short comment for this flick is go pick it up. Chances are you are going to be positively surprised by a diversity of elements superbly explored in this criminal thriller. There is no way the character of Miklos claiming and pushing for room in every way possible wont push your nerves to the edge...2 thumbs up!
critique4577 Although Flatliners is 15 years old tonight was my first time ever seeing it. I had heard about the movie Flatliners but there was never a buzz about it to make me go out and rent it or make a point to see it period. Well I caught it on one of the premium channels and I must say that it was very good.<br /><br />This movie was about some brilliant young medical students deciding to explore death. They have figured out a way to cause a person to die briefly and bring him/her back to life. Besides the all-star cast this movie had some serious bite to it. Just the very thought of exploring death is riveting enough but I really thought the writer & director did an excellent job in giving a different yet hair raising view. This was no generic attempt to thrill frighten and make one's mind race... this was the real deal.<br /><br />Instead of making it an empty superficial star-studded thriller this movie had substance. A nail-biter white knuckle edge-of-the-seat hard nose thriller. I give it an 8/10.
critique4578 We went to see Manna from Heaven my husband two friends and I and we all enjoyed the film. The characters are funny the story is amusing and so much like real life. I think that is what I liked most just seeing something believable no murders no sci-fi just good clean fun. It is something you could take your children or elderly parents to and not worry. How many of those are around anymore!!
critique4579 This one gets better with each new look. Certainly one of Paul Sorvino's best roles. Outstanding music score which was also outstanding on sound track LP (so why no CD?). One the very early dolby stereo sound film releases. By the way the original 35mm theatrical trailer for this is really GREAT!
critique4580 The French people are not known to be great movie producers.<br /><br />Though their Amelie scores high points at the Oscars. Asterix et Obelix is a very different film of what I am used to from the French. It is a great movie especially for kids. The only thing that boddert me was that it was spoken in French and subtiteld. Normally with the english spoken movies (here in the Netherlands) I don't have to read the subtitles. But with the French language you just have to read to understand. The story it self is just great with Obelix who doesn't recall him self of beÃƒÂ¯ng fat but there also nice details mainly in names like brucewillix and malcomix. You all know the story from the comic books and this movie shows all most slide by slide the book. Every thing is in it from the Sfinx nose braking till pirate red beards lose of three more ships. I would say a great movie for the weekend with the children.
critique4581 The story is quite slow at the beginning except few interesting humour that come along the way but some of the plot still empty.<br /><br />The science on how the kid entered the 21st century is still a mystery except at the end of the movie we have been shown of how.<br /><br />Other than that everything looks ok!
critique4582 Will Smith is perfectly endearing as the "Relationship Doctor" here to heal all your relationship woes.<br /><br />I expected this to be a standard RomCom with little to amuse. I'm happy to report that I was wrong. Will Smith is delightful and unexpectedly "fresh" in this Andy Tennant vehicle. Surrounded by a great supporting cast an interesting story and fed with witty dialog I was thoroughly engaged.<br /><br />We found this one cute quirky and inspirational without being preachy.<br /><br />It rates a 7.4/10 from...<br /><br />the Fiend :.
critique4583 Flavia(Florinda Bolkan of "Don't Torture a Duckling" fame)is locked away in a convent of carnal desires by her father.Tired of all of the sadism she sees around her(rape of a young woman in a pigstysexual cravingshorse castration)Flavia decides to run from the convent with her Jewish friend from the outsideAbraham.The two don't get very far before they are captured and then brought back to be tortured and forced to repent.After punishment she joins up with a band of Muslims called the Tarantulaswho had invaded the convent prior and leads a crusade that turns into nothing short of a bloody battle behind the convent walls."Flavia the Heretic" is a well-directed and fairly notorious piece of Italian nunsploitation.The film is slightly gruesome and sleazy at times.The acting is great and the characters are well-developed.Overall"Flavia the Heretic" is a genuinely moving and intelligent movie with plenty of nudity and gore.You can't go wrong with it.8 out of 10.
critique4584 Though often considered Peter Sellers' worst film it is in fact an excellent send-up of medical corporate corruption and abuses of power. Often misunderstood the film is actually a departure from the type of film Sellers was best known for; satirical farce. This film had excellent performances by Jo Ann Pflug and Pat Morita (of Happy Days and the Karate Kid movies) but was marked by its ribaldary irreverence and total madcap demolition of the medical industry of the day. It was ahead of its time (1972) in taking the outrageous path that the Monty Python crew would take into the cinema some time later. As such it was unacceptable to the traditional Peter Sellers fan who found the more pointed barbs in this humor to be something to which they were unaccustomed. Presently Peter Sellers movies are in demand by fans but this effort Where Does It Hurt? has by its nature become almost impossible to find.
critique4585 I do not have much to say than this is a great finish to the story. Most people have said that there is not enough plot and its just eye candy.But think about it everything was explained in FFVII you cannot add more plot to such a grand story it would ruin it. They did the best that they could do and I think that this should be taken more as A Final FMV.. the last fight. <br /><br />Graphics - 10/10 Absolutely amazing <br /><br />Story 8.5/10 - don't think they could of expanded it that much more. And the stuff they could put in there was clever enough I thought. <br /><br />Characters 9/10 - Well most of them have already been explained during the game but still could not fit it all into 90 mins. <br /><br />Sound - 10/10 since i am a metal fan I loved the fight music.. and piano just reaches right in there..It is a great ST and I was not disappointed.<br /><br />Tilt/Replay 10/10 - Enjoyable every time. <br /><br />Overall- 9/10 (FF Fan View 10/10)<br /><br />I personally think this is what was needed a fight to end it all.. the plot was already in place. The action was necessary as much as people complained. I loved every second of this movie. It was a pleasure to visit the world of FFVII just one last time.<br /><br />Just remember this.. most movies that have been made form a game have been directed by movie directors i think this is pretty great for a team of game directors.. Don't think I've seen a better game to movie..<br /><br />Thankyou Square I think you did it right!
critique4586 You can read all kinds of references into the world of Idiocracy. A futuristic world populated by pampered self-indulgent morons spoon-fed by the technology of a bygone era: this idea has its precedent in H.G. Wells' "The Time Machine" and Aldous Huxley's "Brave New World" amongst other satires.<br /><br />Early in the film a narrator explains the quick degradation of humanity over five hundred years but does not fill in the gaps of where all the futuristic technology came from in the meanwhile. Most of the criticism of this very fun (and funny) film seems to surround this omission and the resulting complaint that the world isn't "realistic". As if "realism" has ever been a necessary quality of satire. Is "Brazil" realistic? How about "Futurama" or "Transmetropolitan"? Hell how about "Gulliver's Travels"? I thought not. "Idiocracy" while maybe not as pointed as the best of the genre hits the same notes and generally does so successfully.<br /><br />Besides I didn't find the futuristic technology to be a problem. It is pretty easy to figure out that Mike Judge is satirizing the current trend toward automation and simple product interfaces so that even total idiots can use them. As in "Brave New World" the society in the film seems to have reached a point of automated self-sufficiency at some point in the past (apparently created by the now-extinct 'smart people' in order to placate an increasingly stupid populace) leaving the remainder of humanity free to indulge all the worst most selfish impulses they can come up with and grow even stupider. The film just happens to take place during the last gasp of humanity as everything begins to fall apart for good. It may still be "unrealistic" but if so it's a remarkably well-presented brand of unrealism.<br /><br />The stupid people take up most of the screen time of course but they're just the victims -- they don't know any better. Mike Judge saves his real hate for the intelligent people in power who are dead by the time the film begins but who are very much alive right now in the 21st century. People like scientists who chase "hair growth and prolonged erections" for no other reason than the possibility that they'll turn a profit on their snake-oil treatments. People like politicians who let corporations simply purchase the FDA and FCC. People like media executives and their yuppie stooges who promote stupidity -- who enable the destruction of all culture morality and health to make a quick buck.<br /><br />After all who is really to blame the Morlocks or the Eloi? The Paris Hiltons of the world or the brilliant executives and advertisers that put her on TV and lowered our cultural standards enough to leave her there? This is all implicit in "Idiocracy" though. A line here a hint there (witness the hilarious auto-doctor which literally does all the work in the health care system). It's one of the few aspects of the movie that's NOT pounded into the ground by the unnecessary narrator. It's just there for the viewer to pick up or not but it is one of the most interesting themes in a movie that's much smarter than any other comedy of the year.<br /><br />Pity that so many people will leave the film thinking it's just an excuse to show rear ends farting and people being hit in the groin. Not that that stuff isn't funny too and maybe it IS a little pandering. But in "Idiocracy" it's just not as simple as it seems.
critique4587 I read nothing but good things about this movie and finally had a chance to watch it late last night and it was everything I expected it to be and more.This is the way a proper horror movie should be.I think the reason it was so scary was because it was so realistic. The spooky sounding score was perfect for setting a dark mood.I liked the dramatic opening scene and enjoyed how the rest of the movie played out.It was very easy to follow and understand unlike some movies which are way too complicated.The special effects were very good.I would love to see more horror movies like this one.This is easily one of my favorite's.A realistic thunder and lightning storm would have set a nice atmosphere for this movie.Other then that it had all the elements a good horror movie needs.I highly recommend this movie to anyone who can appreciate a good scary movie that pulls no punches.I will be adding it to my collection.The DVD has some interesting special features.
critique4588 I watched this mini in the early eighties. Sam Waterson proved himself to be a great actor. In fact when he began Law and Order I was disappointed in him as it was not as powerful a role. Unfortunately the good roles do not pay the bills. I wish I could find a copy of this rare series and review it. It is both factual and entertaining. Everyone should see it to know what really happened. I was so moved I purchased and read the book "Pppenheimer-Shatterer of Worlds". And saw how this man became an unlikely hero who was never rewarded for his insight. If you get a chance be sure to watch this movie and see what a performance Mr. Waterston can really provide an audience. Enjoy the movies!
critique4589 Ghosts That Still Walk is one of those films that grabs you and doesn't let go until the end especially when you see it as a child. Seeing the film as an adult you have to admit it isn't really all that scary but the story is very fascinating and contains allot of great mysterious scenes (especially the ones with the creepy mummy)<br /><br />One of the best scenes in the movie is without a doubt the scene with grandpa and grandma in their new RV; the scene with the rocks is very exciting and pretty scary. Also the scenes where the main character discovers his mother's secret is pretty frightening.<br /><br />Okay the acting in the film isn't all that great and the film sometimes seems to get a little bit boring but overall Ghosts That Still Walk is fun. Too bad only a few people saw this film this film really deserves better. I just wanna say: Mr. Flocker you've done a good job! And for all you Hollywood producers out there; If you want to remake a movie remake this one!
critique4590 Farscape is the best sci-fi show period for one main reason everything the show attempts it does very well. From a technical aspect the music is original and perfectly fitted to the show. The special effects are abundance and higher quality then almost any thing else that you will see on your tv. The acting is also great too many shows nowadays use only the American market of actors for their shows. Remember the first time you saw The Matrix and you said wow where did that Agent Smith come from? Its the same feeling that you get watching Claudia Black Anthony Simcoe Lani Tupu Virginia Hey and especially Wayne Pygram. These Aussies are great and it comes through in this great show.<br /><br />The plot is second to none. The next closest thing I can think of is Babylon 5 during the shadow wars episodes but this tops even that. Its a real treat getting to watch all the episodes sequential again the intricacies of the interpersonal relationships of the characters are well scripted and performed. The overall plot is both original and thoroughly entertaining. I am always itching for the next show.<br /><br />The comedic episodes are funny the drama episodes are touching and the action sequences are tense. The beginning of the second season had some great comedic episodes which had me laughing aloud something that rarely happens while watching television that is not South Park Sealab 2021 or Seinfeld. The drama is even harder whether Crichton is meeting his mother or the characters face thier mortality all is done with heart and intensity. Lastly it goes without saying that the action is tops. This is sci-fi.<br /><br />If you are a fan of science fiction in the slightest if you enjoy good television at all if you like good serialized plot you owe it to yourself to watch Farscape.<br /><br />Oh and Ben Browder owns.
critique4591 Of all the film noirs of the 1940s and 1950s this has to rank as one of the strangest and most fun to watch. I say that because of the four main actors: Orson Welles Rita Hayworth Everett Sloane and Glenn Anders. <br /><br />The first two names are familiar to everyone but it was the last two that made this movie so entertaining to me especially Anders. His character "George Grisby" is one of the strangest people I've ever seen on film. His voice and some of the things he said have to be heard to be believed. Slaone isn't far behind in the "strange" category. Hayworth is not as glamorous with short blonde hair but still is Hayworth which means a lot to ogle if you are a guy. Welles' is as fascinating as always. One tip: if you have the DVD turn on the English subtitles. His character in this movie is an Irishman and you need the subtitles to understand everything he says. <br /><br />Welles also directed the film which means you have great camera angles and wonderful facial closeups. You also have a unique ending visually with a shootout in a house of mirrors. Great stuff! As bizarre as this film is I still thought the buffoon-like carnival atmosphere at the trial near the end was too much and took away from the seriousness of the scene. Other than that no complaints. <br /><br />This is great entertainment which is the name of the game.
critique4592 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique4593 Warning: mild spoilers.<br /><br />The story of Joseph Smith stands out as an amazing - even moving - episode in American history and World Religious history. This movie portrays events in the life of Joseph Smith whom Mormons revere as the prophet of the restoration of the true Church of Jesus Christ on the earth. I've so far seen the movie twice in its first month of public showing.<br /><br />Joseph Smith is shown first to be the youngest of a trio of brothers (Alvin Hyrum & Joseph) who at a very young age needed an operation. The operation done without our modern conveniences was bloody and difficult. The scene helped to show the cohesiveness of the Smith family and the bonds between the brothers and between Joseph and his parents.<br /><br />Joseph's religious confusion and subsequent praying which lead to what Mormons call the First Vision was interestingly portrayed. The face of Jesus is never shown but you see the unmistakable nail marks in His hands. The rejection by religious leaders and many in his small New York community is sweetened at least slightly by Joseph's marriage to Emma.<br /><br />This movie does not clearly map out the events of Mormon Church history but merely jumps from scene to scene. This is not a critique - simply a note about the style.<br /><br />The practice of tarring and feathering is shown and it is especially dramatic and moving when Joseph delivers a sermon about the Savior's love with a scarred face from having recently been attacked.<br /><br />The movie masterfully portrays simultaneously the joy and growth of Mormonism as an infant church while at the same time the ever-deepening opposition that spread into the heights of local governments.<br /><br />The film shows many scenes from Joseph's life including a few beautiful moments portraying his relationship to Emma. An attempt is made to show the depth and complexity of Joseph's life including his fierce love for his wife his endless love for children his wit his courage in the face of filthy and dangerous opposition his religious sentiments and his compassion.<br /><br />As Joseph and Hyrum ride to Carthage never to return home alive most of the characters from throughout the movie whose lives had been touched by Joseph are shown along the way helping to reinforce what was already seen but setting up the final scene to be more powerful.<br /><br />At the end the martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum is portrayed and moviegoers are left to ponder the events they just witnessed.<br /><br />When I first watched the movie I assumed it was made by the Church to introduce Joseph Smith to non-members. I no longer think that is the case although I hope the movie can do just that. As an insider I find that the film is a celebration of Joseph and excellently reinforces the good things we already know about him. I am curious to see how outsiders will view the film - whether they will simply see it as propagandic an epic story of an American religious man or something else.<br /><br />The film is beautifully shot family friendly moving and hopefully something good for everyone. That the events portrayed actually happened in these United States of America is interesting to ponder in light of the many aspects of our culture - including freedom of religious expression and respect (generally) for the law - we moderns take for granted.
critique4594 CONTAINS SPOILER With the possible exception of John Wayne no other actor sat taller in the saddle in Westerns than James Stewart and this movie proves it. This superb tale of revenge centered around a Winchester riflehas only one weak spot I can think of: the casting of Will Geer as a very unEarp-like Wyatt Earp. The casting of the villains was good:Stephen McNally as surly Dutch HenryDan Duryea as Waco Johnny Dean and John McIntire(versatile at playing both good guys and bad guys) as a slick gun runner. The showdown between Stewart and McNally on the cliffs is great! I'd stack this Western against the whole crop of Westerns made today. They wouldn't stand a chance!
critique4595 The missing star who competed for the Golden Lion at 2006 Venice Film Festival is a film that when you think about the first adjective that comes to your mind is: intense. Intense looks intense sequences this movie's intensity captures the viewer since the very first scenes at the steelworks in Italy (I couldn't recognize the city maybe Genoa or even Naples) although the pace is quite slow.<br /><br />Vincenzo BuonavolontÃƒÂ  the male lead and with him all the audience sees a completely different China than a normal Westerner imagines: horrible high-rise building with about 8 hundred flat owners inside skyscrapers desolation fog scrapers and cranes everywhere but also the beauty of the Yangtze Kiang river that will soon become a big lake because of the controversial dike that will wipe a lot of towns out. China is a country under construction but under all these colossal public works there are still poverty backwardness and unfair laws.<br /><br />We can relate more easily to this story because Gianni Amelio the expert director chose two phenomenal leads: Sergio Castellitto a well-known actor in Italy and the Chinese surprise Tai Ling a total unknown girl that gives an as intense interpretation as Castellitto's.<br /><br />The film is not perfect there are some flaws here and there but that doesn't mean it's a mediocre film. Try to see it.
critique4596 Sharky's Machine is easily one of Burt Reynolds best efforts. It also stands as one of the best contemporary crime dramas. Erotic and violent the movie distinguishes itself by setting the story in Atlanta and delivering a chaotic detective case to you(the viewer) on a silver platter. Dedicated and determined Sharky must stop the murder of Dominoe a lovely lady of the night who's clientel is anything but ordinary. Before long Sharky's crimefighting Machine uncovers a conspiracy of the highest order which threatens to corrupt the inner body of Atlanta. As a resident of Metro Atlanta I recall the excitement in town during the movie's production. Sharky's Machine goes to great lengths to give an accurate portrayal of Atlanta. Twenty years removed and 2000000-more people later the film stands the test of time. Trust me Atlanta has not changed. One of the highlights of the picture is Dar Robinson's daring stunt(a classic symbolic ending). It was even featured on That's Incredible ABC's reality show of the period. It's just too bad that Hollywood does not make enough films like this one. Kick back each your popcorn and watch sterling silver cinema action.
critique4597 Having recently purchased Universal's Marlene Dietrich DVD collection I was somewhat reluctant to watch "Golden Earrings." The idea of a 40-something Marlene Dietrich as a gypsy in a war-time romance seemed unusual and implausible. I should not have worried. With all the professional talent that went into these old movies it's hard to miss really. The movie was a joy to watch; it's a classic.<br /><br />The most interesting thing about the film was Dietrich who pulls off the gypsy role perfectly. The makeup lighting photography and her performance all add up to make a really startling and memorable character. I had never seen Dietrich play a "good" woman convincingly before--but she does here! She played a lot of heartless vamps in those great Sternberg films so it is refreshing to see her in a more down to earth relaxed role playing an exotic but very human character.<br /><br />Overall a very nice romance. The love story is believable optimistic and the happy ending is extremely satisfying.
critique4598 Cypher is a movie well worth seeing because it's not the run-of-the-mill Sci-Fi flick. The artistic approach is painted with dark scenes and a kind of macro view of what's going on. The close-up camera view is how the director keeps the plot illusive. The sci-fi aspect of the movie is secondary to the plot of the movie. The technology used in the movie isn't overly impressive however the director makes good use of the props. <br /><br />The character development is intentionally shallow. The main character Jeremy Northam decides to immerse himself into the world of espionage. It's up to the audience to figure out his enigmatic character and it's the enigma that keeps the audience interested right to the very end.
critique4599 Not only unique for its time but one of the greatest Science fiction films of all time. Made without CGI on a very lean budget in today's adjusted figures. Stanley Kubrick made this film without the high shooting ratio he normally has. Stanley Kubrick is without doubt the greatest director in History thus far.<br /><br />This film was cut from five hours to two hours and twenty minutes and the art direction was superb.<br /><br />Stanley Kubrick and the great Aurthur C. Clarke collaborated to write this time less classic.<br /><br />Aliens a special message on Earth at the dawn of Human Kind and one on the Moon which modern man finds .<br /><br />Finally Humans accompanied by the most advanced computer ever made set of to Jupiter the find the next monumental message which turns out to be a gateway.<br /><br />Any one who studied film and/or wishes to be a part of the film industry or just enjoy great films must experience this film .<br /><br />If you don't like it then you belong to Bollywood or your a true Aussie.
critique4600 Before I saw this film I didn't really expect to much from it although my friend advised otherwise. Due to this request from my friend I decided I was really going to watch this film. The minute I sat down to view the film I was absolutely blown away. From the credits I was falling of my seat; I just couldn't contain myself. The film is about Hitler in all the glory of comedy. Hynkel is the absolute double for the Jewish Barber who comes back from fighting in the war. Due to the heroics of the barber he manages to save one of the germans and by doing that gets a member of the enemy on board which helps in the struggle which the jews had. But things went wrong and Stolz was arrested but only then to escape to the confines of the Jewish surburb 'The Ghetto'. Due to this escape the german army began searching which meant that the Barber and Stolz got arrested but again they escaped only to be mistaken for hynkel and consequently takes his poistion. *****THE SPEECH THAT CHAPLIN MAKES AT THE END IS FANTASTIC IT COMPLIES THE MORALS WHICH SOCIETY COULD ONLY DREAM ABOUT. IN THE SPEECH IT CONTRADICTS THE WHOLE MEANING OF THE FILM BECAUSE OF THE SERIOUNESS AND SINCERENITY WHICH IT ENTAILED AND IT DEFINATELY WORKS BECAUSE I DID WALK OUT FEELING GUILTY ABOUT HOW WE LIVE OUR LIVES LOOKING AT THE SMALLEST THING SUCH AS BEING IGNORANT TO SOMEONE TO THE BIGGEST MOST PROMINENT THINGS SUCH AS WAR.
critique4601 While on vacation on Northern Australia Gracie (Diana Glenn) her husband Adam (Andy Rodoreda) and her younger sister Lee (Maeve Dermody) decide to take the Blackwater Barry tour in the swamp for fishing. Their guide Jim (Ben Oxenbould) uses a small motor boat and takes the tourist along the river to a remote spot. When they stop they are attacked by a huge crocodile that capsizes their boat and immediately kills Jim. The three survivors climb a tree and when they realize that help would never come to rescue them they decide to try to find a way out of their sheltered location. However in the muddy water their boat is flipped and the crocodile stalks the trio under the water.<br /><br />"Black Water" is a tense realistic and dramatic low-budget movie and in accordance with the warning in the beginning based on a true event. The acting of the unknown Diana Glenn Maeve Dermody and Andy Rodoreda is top-notch giving credibility to this simple but scary story. There are many similarities between this movie and "Prey" but in different environments. My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Medo Profundo" ("Deep Fear")
critique4602 The movie celebrates life.<br /><br />The world is setting itself for the innocent and the pure souls and everything has "Happy End" just like in the closing scene of the movie.<br /><br />The movie has wonderful soundtrack mixture of Serbian neofolk Gypsy music and jazz.<br /><br />This movie is very refreshing piece of visual poetics.<br /><br />The watching experience is like you've been sucked in another colorful romantic and sometimes rough world.<br /><br />Like Mr. Kusturica movie should be.
critique4603 The Secret of Kells is an independent animated feature that gives us one of the fabled stories surrounding the Book of Kells an illuminated manuscript from the Middle Ages featuring the four Gospels of the New Testament. I didn't know that this book actually exists but knowing it now makes my interpretation and analysis much a lot easier. There are a few stories and ideas floating around about how the book came to be who wrote it and how it has survived over 1000 years. This is one of them.<br /><br />We are introduced to Brendan an orphan who lives at the Abbey of Kells in Ireland with his uncle Abbot Cellach (voiced by Brendan Gleeson). Abbot Cellach is constructing a massive wall around the abbey to protect the villagers and monks. Brendan is not fond of the wall and neither are the other monks. They are more focused on reading and writing something Abbot Cellach does not have time for anymore. He fears the "Northmen" those who plunder and leave towns and villages empty and burnt to the ground.<br /><br />One day a traveler comes from the island of Iona near Scotland. It is Brother Aidan a very wise man who carries with him a special book that is not yet finished. Abbot Cellach grants him permission to stay and Brendan buddies up with him. Aidan has special plans for Brendan. First he needs ink for the book but he requires specific berries. The only way to get them is to venture outside the walls and into the forest an area off limits to Brendan. Seeing that he is the only chance for Aidan to continue his work he decides to sneak out and return with the berries before his uncle notices his absence.<br /><br />In the forest Brendan meets Ashley the protector of the forest. She allows Brendan passage to the berries and along the way becomes akin to his company. She warns him of the looming danger in the dark and not to foil with it. There are things worse than Vikings out there. From there Brendan is met with more challenges with the book and the looming certainty of invasion.<br /><br />I like the story a lot more now that I know what it is about. Knowing now what the Book of Kells is and what it contains the animation makes perfect sense. I'm sure you have seen pictures or copies of old texts from hundreds of years ago with frilly borders colorful pictures and extravagant patterns creatures and writings adorning the pages. Much like the opening frames of Disney's The Sword in the Stone. The animation here contains a lot of similar designs and patterns. It creates a very unique viewing experience where the story and the animation almost try to outdo each other.<br /><br />I couldn't take my eyes off of the incredible detail. This is some of the finest 2D animation I have seen in years. It's vibrant stimulating and full of life. The characters are constantly surrounded by designs doodles and patterns in trees on the walls and in the air just floating around. It enhances the film.<br /><br />The story is satisfactory although I think the ending could have been strung out a little more. With a runtime of only 75 minutes I think there could have been something special in the final act. It doesn't give a lot of information nor does it allude to the significance of the book. We are reminded of it's importance but never fully understand. We are told that it gives hope but never why or how. That was really the only lacking portion of the film. Otherwise I thought the story was interesting though completely outdone by the animation.<br /><br />I guess that's okay to a certain degree. The animation can carry a film so far before it falls short. The story lacks a few parts but it is an interesting take on a fascinating piece of history. I would recommend looking up briefly the Book of Kells just to get an idea of what myself and this film are talking about. I think it will help your viewing experience a lot more. This a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that should definitely not be missed.
critique4604 Absolutely one of the 10 best music films Ever! A totally essential educational experience for any music fanatic--Especially young rock/punk fans today...understanding the beginnings of any particular "artistic" movement absolutely requires understanding the roots of the musicas well as the mindset and musical environment of the times....not to mention the political and social factors involved at the time. Andbesides all thatthis documentary is flat-out rock-n-roll F U N !! Do Not Miss It!!! that saidcan anyone tell me whenif ever "the decline of western civilization"...part 1( Not part 2the metal version) will be made available again..hopefully on DVD?
critique4605 amazing movie. Some of the script writing could have been better (some cliched language). Joyce's "The Dead" is alluded to throughout the movie. Beautiful scenery and great acting. Very poetic. Highly recommend.
critique4606 I saw this movie when I was a little girl. And I have enjoyed it every time. Sure the graphics are a little cheesy compared to now but back in the 70's it was great. I saw it in the original Spanish version only and thought it was wonderful. That was how I remember my Christmases were with my family - magical. Santa Claus was amazing and I couldn't wait for him to come back each year.<br /><br />If you have a child/children and speak Spanish bring them up watching this old fashioned version of "Santa Claus". It's a different version than we are used to today but who says there is one way?<br /><br />It's a fun movie to watch. It teaches children good vs. bad. I don't know how the English subtitled version is or if there is an English one of this but the Spanish is the best. Enjoy and Happy Holidays! Feliz Navidad!
critique4607 One of Starewicz's longest and strangest short films follows a toy dog in search of an orange after becoming animated by the tear of the mother of a girl who longs for an orange. The dog comes upon an orange after falling out of the back of a car on his way to be sold but at night must protect the orange when he comes enters a devilish nightclub featuring many bizarre and scary characters. With the help of a stuffed cat the dog gets the orange back to the little girl and she is saved from a terrible scurvy death. The Mascot features new techniques I have not yet seen in Starewicz's films. The addition of sync sound and a mixture of live action with the stop-motion animation makes for a new twist on Starewicz's old style of puppetry. Live scenes of moving cars and people's feet walking by as a puppet sits on the concrete sidewalk is impressive and fresh. The honking of cars and cries of street vendors is noteworthy due to the fact that small studio shifts to sound were costly and Starewicz's utilization of the new technology seems like old hat. New puppet characters in this film are frightening contributions to the devil's club scene. Twigss and newspaper shreds come to life. Skeletons of dead birds lay eggs which hatch skeleton chicks. Characters come flying in from all over on pats and pans and rocking horses. A new editing technique uses quick zooms which are accomplished through editing to speed up the pace of what before might have been a slow scene. Overall Starewicz is able to update his style of film-making to meet the demands of a new audience making this film one of the best examples of his work.
critique4608 This is a surprisingly great low budget Horror/Comedy it's funny and pretty well made with good performances and a really cool twist ending!. All the characters are pretty cool and the story while unoriginal is very good plus Eric Jungmann(Adam) and Justin Urich(Harley) had fantastic chemistry together. One of the funniest moments in the film for me is when Adam is trapped in the bathroom and Harley wakes up to find that monster truck sitting there and decides to take a p*ss in the truck and Aimee Brooks is just plain sexy! plus this is one of the best low budget Horror films I have seen in a long time. It's very gory but in a comical way and I thought it was very well written as well plus Michael Bailey Smith is fantastic as the Monster Man and had some wicked makeup!. It's similar to films like Joy Ride Duel Jeepers Creepers etc etc and it has some suspenseful moments here and there plus The gore effects are really well done for the most part. This is a surprisingly great low budget Horror/Comedy it's funny and pretty well made with good performances and a really cool twist ending I highly recommend this one!. The Direction is very good!. Michael Davis does a very good! job here with great camera work good anglesgood use of colors and using a great setting plus he kept the film funny and at a very fast pace.<br /><br />There is a lot of gore!. We get extremely bloody nose bleedsgory impaling's bloody stabbingsguy is cut in half by a monster truck human remains in a cooked stew guts all over the placeguys guts fall outpencil in the eyesbloody slit throatbunch of people walking around without limbsgory dead squirrelheads are squishedsevered limbsbloody and mangled corpsesdecent amount of bloodshedone very gory scene at the very end and more!.<br /><br />The Acting is very good for a low budget film. Eric Jungmann is fantastic here as Adam he was a nerd but a very likable one he had fantastic chemistry with Justin Urich had some cool linesand I just loved his character he also seemed to be enjoying himselfand he was especially good at the end!. Justin Urich is excellent as the ass of a Best Friend however I just couldn't help but love him as he was very funny and often stole a lot of the scenes I really dug him!. Aimee Brooks is gorgeous and did great with what she had to do she had good chemistry with Jungmann and like Jungmann was especially good at the end as I loved her mysterious character. Michael Bailey Smith is wonderful as The Monster Man he was very creepy looking had some awesome makeup and is now one of my favorite slashers!. Rest of the cast do fine.<br /><br />Overall I highly recommend this one!. ***1/2 out of 5
critique4609 When you come across a gem of a movie like this you realize why the '80s were the greatest decade to live thru. The rock music ruled & so did movies...especially horror movies. Filmmakers knew how to entertain us & "Trick or Treat" is evident to this. When rocker Sammi Curr who was most likely written after W.A.S.P. singer Blackie Lawless dies in a hotel fire his #1 fan Eddie is distraught. He goes to friend & local dj Nuke (Gene Simmons) for support. Nuke gives him a copy of the very last recording that Sammi made; this is the only copy available. It was given to the radio station to be played live Halloween night. When Eddie plays it it somehow brings back Sammi. He helps Eddie with the bullies at school but then goes out of control. It is definitely one great movie. The bad thing is this movie is out of print. I paid $25.00 to finally get it off of eBay. You should too...$$ well spent!
critique4610 Rating-10 Classic Waters! One of his best and most shocking films! Divine is THE most filthy person ever! Mink Stole also delivers a superb performance!
critique4611 It's not a brilliant idea to watch Hundstage if you're not 100% sure of your mental stability because it will be severely tested with this film no matter how sane you are. I have to say Hundstage is an art film rather than an entertainment film so the majority of the viewers wouldn't have the level of "maturity" to reach in to its delightful side. Kind of like Tarkovsky films but different in a way. I myself can't say I had a lot of fun watching it. But it's an outstanding and very interesting experience for those who are only tormented by the clichÃƒÂ© that Hollywood offers. Hundstage sticks a finger right into your brain and scratches your mind all over. You can't simply sit back and watch it you'll be using exclamations or looking with eyes wide open throughout the film. A film that's similar to this in style is Nachtgestalten but it was considerably better and way less violent. This one for instance is not for children or those who are mentally tender or bad-tempered. Most viewers would most likely give either a 10 or a 1 to this film. I give it a 9 because I've seen the multiple-stories-in-one-film phenomenon in another film and it was better. But this one's an outstanding piece on its own. Worth watching but get ready to see something disturbing.
critique4612 I remember seeing this one when I was seven or eight. I must have found the characters round because they left a impression in my mind that lasted for a long time after the end of the movie. And the ending now that's sad well... for a 7-8 year old kid.<br /><br />I had the opportunity of seeing this movie again lately and found that the plot was too simple the character two-dimensional... I guess it's the kind of movie that you can only with the innocence of a young child... Pity...<br /><br />I recommend this one for all you parents with small kids... ( I saw it in its original french version so I cannot tell you whether the translation is good or not.)
critique4613 Any one who has seen Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ and was bothered by the gory violence would want to see this film instead. Though it wasn't a success in th box office or TV ratings The Fox Movie Channel still finds a real good motive to show this anually. I liked the way that they trained Chris Sarandon and the men who portrayed his disciples to sing in Hebrew.Though Sarandon didn't have long hair like any other Jesus would in other films his looks are pretty close to what a Jewish man would appear. What surprised me or startled me was the scene where Caiaphas told Jesus about Pilate "And don't ever forget that you are a Jew!" Though that may have not been a racist remarkColin Blakely was trying to make Chris Sarandon look like garbage in the eyes of the prominent men of those days.Keith Michell's portrayal of Pilate was hulking comparing with his previous performances in "The Story of Jacob and Joseph" and "The Story of David". But if you compare his portrayal of Pilate with Telly Savala's or Hurd Hatfield you can say that he really painted well the impression of a Roman procurator.
critique4614 I first saw this absolutely riveting documentary in it's initial release back in 2001and it really had a profound effect on me so much that I bugged several of my friends to see it with me on repeat screenings. The bottom line:none of my friends walked away disappointed (ever!). This stellar film is about Scottish conceptual artist Andy Goldsworthywho creates some absolutely beautiful pieces of art using natural materials (woodwaterflowersrocksetc.)to create pieces that eventually return to their natural form (a statement in the temporary state of everything?). We get to see Goldsworthy create several works of temporary artas well as some of his long term installations in major galleries around the worldas well as a few pieces in the natural worldas well. German film makerThomas Riedelsheimer directsphotographs & edits this meditation on the creative process that is a real treat for both the eye & ear (with an ambient musical scorecomposed & performed by Fred Frithwho's music is generally edgy experimental/noise textured guitaras well as a capable ensemble of musicians). Although this film has been available on DVD for some years nowif you can find a cinema that is highlighting a revival of this fine filmby all meansseek it out (it's easily a film that was composed for the large screenwith a proficient sound system to truly experience this film the right way). No MPAA ratingbut contains nothing to offend (unless the live birth of a sheep on screen is destined to offend or disturb)
critique4615 In the veins of Jeepers Creepers and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Monster Man surprisingly well-made--though mindless--little horror. Throw in a little buddy-comedy nice gore and intense scare. It's hard no to say that Monster Man is really entertaining. The low budget seem pretty obvious but it doesn't effected the presentation of the movie in general and put more big budget horror movies in shame.<br /><br />Yes the plot somewhat generic as possible. Pair of friend Adam (Eric Jungman)and Harley (Justin Urich) are driving cross country to interrupt the wedding of a woman Adam has always loved. While Adam is more nerdy type Harley is a self-proclaimed ladies man and very offensive loudmouth. Adding a bonus to the plot then they picked up a sexy hitchhiker Sarah (Aimee Brooks). Things turn into nightmare when a monster truck with scary face drive stalking them. When dead body starts counting they must do the race against the time before their own life on risk.<br /><br />The plot is obviously reminiscent of many prior famous horror movies but Michael Davis as the writer and director succeed in keeping the tension. The scare is build well enough where characterization is never be the best but fairly okay. The script also littered with comedies that works for the funny moments and they quite enjoyable rather than annoying and also wait for the twist in the finale. It's hilarious and shocking in the same time which is pretty amusing.<br /><br />As conclusion Monster Man surprisingly entertaining. It deserves more attention in the big screen. It proves that big budget doesn't make an effective horror movie but skill does! Something that the director has shown and delivers.
critique4616 I loved this movie! It's truly bizarre extremely funny morbid witty... It makes no sense to tell about the contents of the movie because then I'd be giving out the outcome! You have to see it without knowing what is it about! Everything is connected and has its why & because. It starts subtly and then the things start rolling faster and faster until they culminate in the most insane outburst you can imagine! It's even more fun to watch the movie the second time once you know all the "tricks". The actors are excellent especially Ivan Trojan whose final scenes are a real master piece! I highly recommend this film it's one of the most original ones I've ever seen!
critique4617 An underrated addition to the Graham Greene cinematic canon - its perceived faults can now be seen as virtues. Director Shumlin theatrical director frames his action with an oppressive rigidity appropriate to the material and the seemingly inept compositions compellingly suggest unease. Both a dark thriller and a story of moral regeneration (for the female character! In a 40s thriller!) the film has an upright hero who turns mad and murderous (and possibly paedophiliac) brilliantly brings the faraway ideologies of the Spanish Civil War into jolting dangerous reality has one horrific murder an astonishing insights into class and capitalism clever theatrical metaphors a rare approximation of Greene's God and an ending that is only happy if you know nothing about history.
critique4618 I was amazed at the quality of this film particularly after seeing pictures of the barely adult director - all 140(?) lbs of him! Truly a boy directing a movie about a boy. I look forward to seeing more Luke Eberl films.<br /><br />I did think this one was a bit too long. There was too much time spent showing Connor being unsuccessful (and unwilling) to make a move on Owen. Caleb didn't try hard enough. Owen being so young could have easily become closer to Caleb and later decided it wasn't his preference. And Owen would still have learned the "valuable lesson" about corruption and politics. Instead he didn't give himself a fair chance to learn about his sexuality. And what about poor Caleb? Owen could have been a good influence.<br /><br />Though the film intends to show Owen as a hero who overcomes perverted corruption I felt sad for Owen. He was offered the opportunity to have some boy-boy fun with Caleb who was extraordinarily beautiful. Owen didn't have to go along with the political perversion as offered. But he could have tried to have some fun with Caleb and still walked away when he wanted. It was clear that Owen was in charge - no one forced him to do anything he didn't want to do. But he could have had more fun and with a very hot boyfriend at that.<br /><br />I hope Luke makes more movies where appealing young characters have more fun.
critique4619 John Travolta was excellent as "Michael" in the movie by the same name. I don't think a better portrayal could have been done. The movie was funny yet touching. Michael is a very "human angel" (If their is such). Andie MacDowell is superb in her role as a reporter as she goes from disbelief to belief. Bill Hurt and Robert Pastorelli are great as fellow reporters each bent on proving the hoax of the angel on earth. Each of the supporting cast is wonderful especially the older woman (I do not know her screen name) who plays Michael's mother! One of the cutest movies I have seen in years... I could watch this movie dozens of times!
critique4620 We saw this at one of the local art movie theaters in the Montrose area of Houston TX. It was a total surprise compared to the write-up in the theater's newsletter but we were both blown away by the artistry. It was beautifully done and (apparently) photographed in a schloss (German name for chÃƒÂ¢teau) somewhere in the Munich area. It is a very explicit exploration of the sexual relationships of a group of twentyish men and women isolated from the day-to-day constraints. It is fantastic on more levels than I can remember. We came home after the movie and talked and talked until about 4 am the next morning.<br /><br />The version we saw was in English (mostly) so there must be at least two versions since the first reviewer saw the movie in (probably its original) German version. I searched and searched for a video tape version but never came up with anything. Would absolutely love to have a VHS or DVD version of this. It explores relationships at a fundamental level and is also a great tutorial on how to relate to your partner. If anyone knows the writer/director please convince him to release again preferably on DVD these days. I cannot even imagine getting tired of watching the candid performance of the actors who are now probably all in their forties. Please please bring it back.
critique4621 This film did a wonderful job of capturing NYC stereotypes at there best. If you want a simple cute story however you won't find it here. The related tales are woven together in a manner that does an excellent job of capturing the close-knit yet contrastingly anonymous lifestyle that is Manhattan. A perfect watch for those who enjoy and can laugh at New York life in its most natural state.
critique4622 This is the start of a new and interesting Star Trek series. It has a "down to earth"-kind of feel with darker and less "plaggy" scenography.<br /><br />The characters need some more time to develop but they have potential. One thing that is fairly disappointing (with all Star Trek series really) is that they portray such a gloomy picture of the equality between men and women in the future when they paint a very positive picture about everything else. (Earth has stopped war famine etc)<br /><br /> The female characters here are two subcommander T'Pol who is vulcan and communications officer Hoshi who is human. Hoshi is quite wimpy and T'Pol is made to be a "vulcan babe".<br /><br /> Some of the crew attitudes feel a bit too American (as opposed to the more international feel of the TNG-crew) but creates interesting dynamics.<br /><br /> A very good pilot though for a very good series.
critique4623 May 2004 Wonderland is fairly new in the UK. Brilliant film of a brutal true story. If you know LA from the early 80's you will appreciate how well it is captured. The use of the elements which make up its gritty cinematic style is original amplifying the experience and bringing the viewer very close to actually being there. The use of a disjointed 'Pulp Fiction' style time line allows exploration of the uncertainty concerning what really happened while the direction and performances of the cast command attention especially Val Kilmer as John Holmes; an Oscar for sure if I were handing them out.
critique4624 The Kid Power Hour featured two segments: Hero High and Shazam. let's start with Hero High.<br /><br />Hero High was intended to be a new Archies cartoon featuring their superhero identities: Pureheart the Powerful (Archie) Captain Hero (Jughead) Superteen (Betty) and Evilheart (Reggie). However Filmation couldn't get the rights to do it so they tweaked it a bit and came up with this. Here's the breakdown of characters: Captain California (Archie) Glorious Gal (Betty) Weatherman (Jughead) Dirty Trixie (Veronica) Rex Ruthless (Reggie) Principal Samson (Mr weatherbee) and Miss Grimm (Miss Grundy). The show featured live action sketches as well as cartoon adventures. The humor was the typical lame Filmation jokes but at least it had a sense of fun about it. It was entertaining enough for kids though not quite up to previous standards.<br /><br />The other segment was Shazam! which was very faithful to the comics unlike the previous live action show. All of the major villains made appearances as well as the entire Marvel Family (including Freckles Marvel in at least one episode). Uncle Dudley had the correct WC Fields voice and shady character as well as his perpetually acting up "Shazambago". Burr Middleton a veteran of 70's TV shows like Fish voiced the Big Red Cheese while Alan Oppenheimer (Rudy Wells in the early 6 Million Dollar Man episodes and voice of Skeletor in He-Man) handled Dr. Sivana.<br /><br />The Marvels had always had a sense of whimsy to them so little alteration was required for their adventures to meet the Broadcast Standards and Practices requirements (the censors). As such the stories were very imaginative and inventive. Amongst the villains who appeared were: Dr. Sivana Black Adam Mr. Atom Mr. Mind Aunt Minerva Ibac and the crocodile creatures. Mr. Tawky Tawny also made his on screen debut.<br /><br />Hero High is due to be released from BCI but Shazam! is still in limbo as well as the live-action show. Hopefully the proposed movie will help shake them loose on DVD. It is well worth watching and deserving of DVD treatment.
critique4625 This isn't far away from the trash that Bollywood normally makes but there's just something really good about it.<br /><br />The title song is one of Bollywoods best and is haunting throughout. This is one of the films (along with Baazigar - a must see Bollywood film) that made Shah Rukh Khan and it's for this you have to check it out.<br /><br />Other reviews give away the story - it is a fairly basic idea - ShaRukh definitely stands out and one of his final expressions right at the end made me give this film an extra star.<br /><br />Its fairly cheesy but definitely worth watching if you are new to Bollywood or not! 8/10
critique4626 ROCK STAR is a well-told Hollywood-style rendition of the tale based on fact actually on how Ripper became Rob Halford's replacement for Judas Priest. Mark Wahlberg poured on his likable boy-ish charm and performed with believable admirably something he has been known to do since the release of BOOGIE NIGHTS.<br /><br />Stephen Herek no stranger to musically-themed movies takes the audience through the wonders of the breakneck lifestyle of an extinct species the Hair-Metal Rock God. Wahlberg's "Izzy" acts as the film's host plays the everyman who gets to see his wish come true. His likable character quickly wins over the heart of the viewer who wants to see him succeed and gets the chance to give him the Metal "goat horn" hand-sign several times over.<br /><br />The only real complaint with the story is that the supporting cast namely the other members of the band were not fleshed out or even introduced properly. More interaction with these life-long Rock musicians would have amplified and solidified Izzy's new surroundings. <br /><br />Naturally ROCK STAR is filled with great music. Rabin's score the Steel Dragon's original work and plenty of 80's-style Metal hits makes this soundtrack a must-have! Let's all hope that films like ROCK STAR not only give a credibility to a style of music that helped define a generation but also spark a very-needed revival.
critique4627 Without a doubt the best Burt Reynolds film ever! Even better than Smokey and the Bandit. This was probably the first real bloody cop thriller of the 1980s and delivered the perfect blend of humor action mystery and style that is missing in today's films.<br /><br />This one has it all: A psychotic Henry Silva jacked up on PCP $1000 a night call girls ninja assassins and Burt Reynolds getting his fingers sliced off one by one with a butterfly knife. The film is based on the novel by William Diehl who also wrote PRIMAL FEAR another one of my all-time favorites. This movie is worth watching just to see Henry Silva get shot six times crash through a window and fall thirty stories from the top of an Atlanta high-rise. This is probably the coolest stunt in Hollywood history performed by legendary stuntman Dar Robinson.<br /><br />Robinson also played "Moke" in the Elmore Leonard movie STICK also starring Burt Reynolds. Stick features another great Dar Robinson stunt. Robinson falls from a Miami apartment building and unloads all six shots from a .44 magnum on his way down. Very cool stuff.<br /><br />SHARKY'S MACHINE is my favorite police drama. I never understood why this film flopped the way it did. If Burt did more films like this he would've built a better reputation for himself. He proves to be a talented director with Sharky as well as a gifted actor. Burt is supported by Brian Kieth Charles Durning Bernie Casey Richard Libertini Rachel Ward and everyone's favorite bad guy Henry Silva. PLEASE remake this classic film! Get Affleck and Samuel L. and some other hot actors and you've got a great movie just waiting to be filmed.<br /><br />I give it a 9 out of 10
critique4628 Since September of last year I have been borrowing four to six films each week from the Harold Washington Library which boasts an impressive DVD collection. (The HWL truly is a circulating library: three-quarters of its films are out at any given time!) Recently I was thrilled to find The Short Films of David Lynch. Yesterday knowing little about the animated series I picked up Dumbland. I'm here to report that for David Lynch fans watching the eight episodes is half an hour well-spent.<br /><br />The most remarkable feature of these brief pieces are their soundtracks. Each episode has its own rhythm. Respiratory and digestive systems provide percussion. Outrageous voices accent pauses' ends. Physical violence supplies the beats. Chirping birds and buzzing sockets brush along the edges. Many other elements fill out the orchestra. The pacing of the crude animation often keeps in sync with the sound but the soundtrack itself struck me as Lynch's primary interest in creating and disseminating this work. In a way these eight shorts are unique Lynchian rhythms.<br /><br />That said the situations are odd ugly profound dumb and funny as hell. And there's enough space within them to reflect on how absurd we humans can be. I can't say that I'll watch the collection again but for anyone who revelled in the movements that is the suite Inland Empire Dumbland is worth half an hour of your time.
critique4629 This is breezy highly entertaining drama with an excellent cast. Garfield is fine as a boxer hiding from the police with that motley crew the Dead End Kids. Most notable of these is the beautiful Billy Halop who has some very moving moments. Gloria Dickson who in real life died very young in a house fire is strong and very attractive as Halop's sister and in the early scenes Ann Sheridan on the brink of stardom is a knock-out. May Robson is very funny as a crusty old granny but Claude Rains proves here that even a great actor can flounder if mis-cast (whoever thought of casting him as a tough New York cop?).<br /><br />Busby Berkeley proves here that he was a fine director with or without musical numbers. The film moves at a terrific pace and the water tower sequence is very suspenseful and well photographed. The ending is contrived and the plot nothing startling or original but I still found this a highly enjoyable experience.
critique4630 The efforts of a new group of young talent bolstered by Alan Rickman and Emma Thompson 2 extremely gifted actors makes for a thrilling and engrossing evening of entertainment. And I might add that Hal Holbrook shines as the Senator. This movie deserves five stars. I give it a ten on your scale. And the ending is PERFECT. I am constantly amazed at the ability of British actors to master our American accents. I was convinced that all the actors were born in Louisiana. And what finer locale for a mystery than New Orleans! The Big Easy also known as the Crescent City permeates every scene. As writer and director Sebastian Gutierrez deserves high praise.
critique4631 This is a very very early Bugs Bunny cartoon. As a result the character is still in a transition period--he is not drawn as elongated as he later was and his voice isn't quite right. In addition the chemistry between Elmer and Bugs is a little unusual. Elmer is some poor sap who buys Bugs from a pet shop--there is no gun or desire on his part to blast the bunny to smithereens! However despite this this is still a very enjoyable film. The early Bugs was definitely more sassy and cruel than his later incarnations. In later films he messed with Elmer Yosimite Sam and others because they started it--they messed with the rabbit. But in this film he is much more like Daffy Duck of the late 30s and early 40s--a jerk who just loves irritating others!! A true "anarchist" instead of the hero of the later cartoons. While this isn't among the best Bug Bunny cartoons it sure is fun to watch and it's interesting to see just how much he's changed over the years.
critique4632 First of all this film was not released to theatres (TESTED POORLY THEY SAY)I say they figured the story of crooked cops politicians & dedicated newspaper people had been done to deathjust send it DVD & cable TV> & take the money & run.<br /><br />That being said I usually like this type of movie especially with this named cast. Morgan Freeman Justin Timberlake Kevin Spacey<br /><br />L.L.Cool J Cary Elways John Heard & on the distaff side Piper Perabo & Roslyn Sanchez.<br /><br />The plot & story have been done to death BUT the above cast brings life to this violent movie & it is actually watchable.<br /><br />Justin Timberlake Is good as the dedicated young reporter for a throw-away newspaper edited by Morgan Freeman The others are either crooked Cops& Politicians or somewhat decent guys The 2 ladies are the girl friends of LL COOL J & JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE & do whats required It is quite violent many killings etc not for children. By no means is the a great film BUT for what it is & the cast It is definitely good<br /><br />Ratings *** (out of 4) 86 points (out of 100) IMDb 8 (out of 10)
critique4633 Opening credits: great. Music: just right for this film. Cinematography: sleazy to great effect.<br /><br />Harrowing excitement in a train-wreck sort of way. This is how out of control some lives can become. "Wonderland" depicts drug-induced wildness (and its consequences) not as an aberration but shows how it really does happen in our society. It is better than depictions of another wild group -Manson's- because all Manson films books etc concentrate so much on Manson's insane mind rather than the overall picture of the cheap fame and randomness that is so pervasive nowadays.<br /><br />If you want to see some of the best "Method-acting" on film watch Kilmer in this movie. He shows how "The Method" can be riveting in the right role.<br /><br />The filmmakers here succeed in raising "out-of-control" to the level of an art form not just for the sake of giving us cheap thrills.
critique4634 Over the last few months I have seen a lot of reviews for The Italian Job many of them negative. The gist of almost all of these pessimistic criticisms is that for all its modernistic bravado and high-budget technology the film doesn't have much substance where it counts. Look people it's just a fun movie. This is the type of picture where you're supposed to sit back relax and just enjoy the steady-moving pace of the film. Like Ocean's Eleven (2001) you can concentrate on the characters and the plot at the same time without having to do much thinking (lucky for some of us). Granted "Ocean" is a better movie but who cares? The plot may have some holes (there's a huge one about 3/4 of the way through) the action may not be as gratifyingly gratuitous as the trailers made it out to be and some of the dialogue may seem pointless and cheesy but again who really cares? Cool characters Mini Coopers big explosions Charlize Theron. What more do you want? I think it's time to drop the fake Roger Ebert meets Gene Shalit act and enjoy yourself for once! Oh and another thing whatever you do don't compare it to the original because to reiterate what F. Gary Gray has told the press a million times THIS IS NOT A REMAKE!! My advice- if you're interested in nit-picking your way through a good-humored fun flick don't even bother seeing The Italian Job. But if you don't have a severe inferiority complex and/or want to see Ed Norton get jacked by a bunch of Ukranians go ahead. The Bottom Line my fellow moviegoers is: Lighten Up and Have Fun Dammit.
critique4635 Flatliners has all the ingredients of a good Joel Schumacher film - intelligent youthful characters stunning cinematography a gripping story and excellent performances. It's escapist fun but it's done very well and resonates with a positive spiritual message despite the unnerving precedings.<br /><br />Schumacher has a knack for spotting talented young actors and all of the main five here have gone on to greater things (see the cast list). Their believable performances help to raise this movie well above average. Kiefer Sutherland shines in his egotistical med-student role.<br /><br />The cinematography really stimulates the right side of the brain which is what I love about Schumacher; his use of light and location create images that stick. A disturbing nightmarish atmosphere is created which unsettles you while you watch the film and haunts you when you go to bed - reminded me of The Lost Boys.<br /><br />This is a film that takes an awesome premise - curious students want to find out what's after death and successfully follows it through into a scary gripping tale of redemption. One of Schumacher's best; highly recommended.
critique4636 A meteorite falls in the country of a small town bringing a jelly creature. An old farmer is attacked by the alien in his hand and the youths Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut) take him to Dr. T. Hallen (Steven Chase). The local doctor treats carefully the blister and asks Steve to investigate the location where they found the old man. When Steve returns he sees the blob killing the doctor. Steve and Jane try to warn the police and the dwellers but nobody believe on them while the blob engulfs many people getting bigger and bigger.<br /><br />"The Blob" is a cult and classic sci-fi. It is a low budget movie with many ham actors and actresses (with the exception of Steve McQueen) awful effects but also delightful and very but very funny. This is the first time that I see this classic (I had seen the 1988 remake with Kevin Dillon) and I really recommend it to fans of Steve McQueen and sci-fi B-movies from the 50s. The film subject of my review number 1400 could not be better. My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "A Bolha" ("The Blob")
critique4637 Another exquisite taste of what a superhero movie should be after Batman:Dead End that just helps stimulate our taste buds and leave us wanting more! This is what a real superhero movie should look like and feel like! Even tough this is a fanfilm of sorts. The attention to detail character and action is undeniably real. Although this is a limited resources production it puts to shame big budgeted star-casted hyped productions "other" superhero related movies. Here the main and supporting characters act and look like they are real life people. Finally a Superman that actually looks "super" and looks like the real thing! Batman the way it should be without the flashy rubber-casted  ripped body armor to hide scrawny physiques for over paid actors that don't deliver. I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros. exec gives the OK to produce a full length adaptation of this jewel. I don't care if it goes to theaters or straight to DVD I would never get tired of watching it. Just the plot itself is worth my hard earned dough for this. Hope the "bigwigs" at Marvel & DC productions take a look and see what a real well produced superhero movie should look. No more "Batman & Robin" fiasco or Hulk Daredevil etc. Learn from these small time directors and learn that there shouldn't be any reason to "reinvent" the hero for the movie just to have it "bomb" in theaters. Mr. Collora...We need more directors like you!!
critique4638 Four great stories from master Robert Bloch adapted to the screen by the best actors in the field in the early Seventies are the base of this excellent Amicus' production. This was a kind of movie very popular in the Sixties till the mid-Seventies and it's one of my favorite type of horror movies. This one in particular shines for the episode Sweets to the Sweet where Christopher Lee is stalked by his evil little girl child heiress to her mother tradition. Great fun from start to finish and good to very good are also the other three episodes (with the last one a bit on the comic side but with the great addition of Ingrid Pitt the most famous vampress of the English cinema.
critique4639 In Cinema Retro magazine #2it is revealed that Mark Lester's voice was actually dubbed by a 20 year old female Kathe Green. Although Leste was considered perfect for the title role director Carol Reed was not at all pleased with his singing abilities. The secret was revealed by on a 2004 UK documentary titled "Oliver! After They Were Famous". Greene was paid 400 pounds for her work and she had to agree to keep her participation secret as did Mark Lester. They kept their word and only revealed this fact as part of the TV show decades after release of the film. For the record Mark Lester retired from acting and is a practicing osteopath in England.
critique4640 This is an amazingly well-filmed early talkie adaptation of the Eugene O'Neill play. Its major drawback is a static camera and as a result it comes off much of the time as the filmed play it is which is a pity for it's a good piece of primitive moviemaking made at a time when sound was posing all kinds of technical problems and as a result most films were experimental whether or not this was their maker's intention. Garbo is as mysterious and charismatic as she was in her silent films and her entrance is still classic. Her voice is strangely deep almost boyish which only enhances her already seductively eccentric persona. As her boyfriend Charles Bickford is appropriately virile--he was apparently born craggy--and a perfect counterpart to the divine Garbo. His Irish brogue is not bad at all and he seems always a natural man of the sea very O'Neill-like in his independent brooding nature. As Garbo's (very) confused father George Marion seems truly from another time. He has the sort of face and voice--open unmannered totally without guile--that has vanished from the earth. Marie Dressler is also in the O'Neill swing of things. Her blank expression and intensity around the eyes speaks volumes as she plays her boozy character as a woman at times bordering on psychosis. Poetic license perhaps as this is not in the script but we can forgive Miss Dressler's excesses; she is too good at it not to. The story ends with a movement to the next thing as distinct from resolution which isn't the author's cup of tea; and those who like their films neatly worked out in the end will be disappointed by the absence of any real surprise. In Anna Christie we are in O'Neill country a place of sea storms and fog a feeling of all-pervading and damnable uncertainty which we would now call ambivilance or anxiety neurosis. Rather than analyze this mood the author simply and wisely presents it as weather land ocean and people intertwine and address one another in a unique language we feel priveleged to have heard.
critique4641 Exclusively for Coop's lovers though Clint Eastwood very strong though unobtrusive presence is a great asset of this very good documentary film. It is a biography of Gary Cooper based mainly on his filmography but also on more private archives which show him as a child as a young man as a family man with some of his friends (Picasso Hemingway etc.) as an older man finally as a sick and close-to-death man. After "the end" I did not have the feeling that I knew the man any much better. But I have spent a very good moment re-viewing many of the best moments of his movies; and my respect for the very talented actor and great professional was increased tenfold. The film shows most interestingly how the career of Cooper can be paralleled with the evolution of USA society before and after WW2. Two of the great moments are the time when Cooper has to answer justice about communism in the movie world; and when James Stewart (a very great one too) received an Award for Cooper one month before his death. I'm not a weeping pot but... that was a close one! Watch it if you can: it is so much worth while. ... If you love Cooper that is. Or an older America...
critique4642 This isn't among Jimmy Stewart's best films--I'm quick to admit that. However while some view his film as pure propaganda I'm wondering what's so wrong with that? Yes sure like the TV show THE FBI this is an obvious case of the Bureau doing some PR work to try to drum up support. But as entertainment goes it does a good job. Plus surprisingly enough for the time it was made the film focuses more on crime than espionage and "Commies". Instead it's a fictionalization of one of the earliest agents and the career he chose. Now considering the agent is played by Jimmy Stewart then it's pretty certain the acting and writing were good--as this was a movie with a real budget and a studio who wasn't about to waste the star in a third-rate flick. So overall it's worth seeing but not especially great.
critique4643 This Film is the One which you fall in love with. Alfred Hitchcock shall always remain over the top of any directors of his time. The most influential aspects about his films are sheer Simplicity & Gripping Drama. The another best thing about Hitchcock's films is a Definite & Gripping End.<br /><br />Any thing said about "The Man who knew too much" is less. The Cinematography Acting Dialogs & Camera Works are magnificent in this Movie. The Song "Que Sera Sera" at the end shall remain in our memories for life time. The film is so enjoyable from start to end that we never know when it ends. Rarely would Hitchcock include humor in his films this film has comic scenes which fits in to the movie. <br /><br />This film is absolutely brilliant & as good as Vertigo.
critique4644 The movie was certainly true to the real life story on which it was based. It was hard for me to find newspaper articles about the actual facts but when I located them I could see that truth in this case was stranger than fiction. Judith Light was frighteningly evil in her role as the mother in this movie so much so that it was difficult to separate her from the role the mark I think of an excellent performance. Rick Schroder was appropriately clueless as her son who also defended her in court an example of how hard it can be in some circumstances for a child to accept the actions of a parent no matter how criminal they may be. One can find fault with the movie but not with its treatment of the reality on which it was based.
critique4645 The concept of having Laurel & Hardy this time in the role of chimney sweepers works out surprisingly hilarious. It guarantees some funny situations and silly antics from especially Stan Laurel of course as usual.<br /><br />The movie also has a subplot with a nutty professor who is working on a rejuvenation formula. It doesn't really sound like a logical mix of story lines and incoherent but both plot lines blend in perfectly toward the memorable ending. It's still a bit weird but its funny nevertheless so it works for the movie.<br /><br />The supporting cast of the movie is surprising good. Sam Adams is great as the stereotypical butler and Lucien Littlefield goes deliciously over-the-top as the nutty professor.<br /><br />The movie is filled with some excellent timed and hilarious constructed sequences which are all quite predictable but become hilarious to watch nevertheless thanks to the way they are all executed. It all helps to make "Dirty Work" to be one of the better Laurel & Hardy shorts.<br /><br />8/10
critique4646 Corniness Warning. As many fellow IMDb users already know I'm not a corny cheesy person. If you don't want to read this kind of review then go.<br /><br />To tell you the truth you're hearing this from a man who laughed through Titanic and almost broke his parents' tape from continuously rewinding the propeller scene.<br /><br />---Spoilers---<br /><br />One day I went off to the theatres with two friends to see Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star last year in August. The boring trailers rolled on until one started off so calmly. It was for Radio. The moment I saw the trailer I just had to see this movie on opening weekend. When that weekend rolled along Scary Movie 3 was out too so many teenagers were there waiting in line that Friday night. It turns out the movie sold out and those teens were so desperate to see a movie they went and also sold out Good Boy and Radio. I couldn't get a ticket and the following weeks I was busy with more important things. About 5 months later my friend rented Radio. He let me borrow it and I watched it in my room. I'll tell you this now this is the ONLY movie I have ever seen that got me crying EVER. When Radio's mother died it just came out automatically. The next day I went off to Blockbuster and bought the DVD.<br /><br />Well enough of my stupid personal story let me tell you about the movie.<br /><br />Cuba Gooding Jr. stars as a mentally challenged man nick-named Radio. Ed Harris co-stars and this movie is directed by Mike Tollin. Based on a true story Radio is a teenager who has a life by spending most of his day alone. He goes around with a shopping cart picking up whatever he can and is always carrying a radio around. He's got his own collection. At the end of every day he goes home to his mother. He never went to school until later in the film. One day Radio passes by the local high school while the football team is practicing. A football flies over the fence and Radio picks it up and continues on. Ed Harris plays Mr. Jones the football coach. They meet and this is the life of Radio.<br /><br />Throughout the whole movie Radio and Coach Jones spend quality time together both teaching each other things. It is beautiful to see how the movie goes to the highest joys the lowest lows and just seeing Radio live his life. You will laugh cry and live the life of Radio with him. This movie holds a special place in my heart along with Toy Story and others. This is a must-see for the whole family by yourself or if you're someone who just wants a great drama. Radio is one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. Radio will never be forgotten by me. Never.<br /><br />As Ed Harris' character said greatly near the end of the movie:<br /><br />"We're not teaching Radio Radio is teaching us."<br /><br />My Rating: 8/10<br /><br />Eliason A.
critique4647 I had seen this film many years ago and it had made a lasting impression on me. Alas I have hardened to many films over the years and did not expect to be impressed by 'Kalifornia' upon watching again recently. I am pleased to say that it is every bit as unnerving and watchable as it was ten or so years ago.<br /><br />There are two things which really give this movie its power. The first is its cast. We have a staggeringly disturbing turn by a young Brad Pitt as Early Grace. Knowing Pitt as we all do as one of the most enduring heart-throbs Hollywood has ever had it is refreshing to see him play such a vile unattractive character. Pitt pulls the show off without resorting to white-trash clichÃƒÂ© or parody and manages to remain genuinely terrifying throughout the movie.<br /><br />Juliette Lewis is equally impressive as Grace's tragic girlfriend playing the character like a ten year old girl with a forty year old's life experience. Lewis manages to evoke pity (for her character's station in life) as well as contempt (for her naivety) but she underpins her performance with the kind of subtlety rarely seen by an actor so young. Personally I think it's a tragedy that neither Pitt nor Lewis were nominated for any awards for their performances here.<br /><br />David Duchovony and Michelle Forbes are both perfectly cast as the yuppy couple who unwittingly end up travelling across the US with Pitt and Lewis. Duchovony is aptly geeky and naive and Forbes seems emphatically cynical and shut-off but both actors manage to convincingly portray their characters' changes as they are equally intrigued repulsed and strangely attracted to Pitt.<br /><br />The fine casting and uniformly brilliant acting aside this film really grabs us by the proverbial balls through its flawless pacing. At the time 'Kalifornia' was released Hollywood was releasing a slew of nice-character-turns-out-to-be-psychotic movies ('Single White Female' 'Pacific Heights' 'The Hand That Rocks The Cradle' 'Deceived' 'Sleeping With The Enemy' etc). Most of these movies followed the same formula the only variation being the nature of the relationship between good guy and bad guy. 'Kalifornia' doesn't really stray too far from this territory but its first two acts are the perfect example of the slow-boil thriller and we are kept on the very edge of our seats waiting for the tide to turn.<br /><br />When the penny does drop and Pitt is let loose to play the maniacal bad guy the film shifts gears completely and the last twenty minutes don't quite live up to rest of the movie. That said the action is thick and fast and the resolution is suitable cold. The fight is over but the scars will always be there.<br /><br />Much of the narration (provided by a somewhat whiny pre X-files Duchovony) is a tad contrived. Of course it's meant to be from the book the Duchovony's journalist character has written so one could argue that the self-conscious narration is meant to be a nod to the kind of sensationalised style in which most journalists write.<br /><br />The film is largely a success and is certainly a cut above 90% of the thrillers of the past twenty years. Highly recommended but not for the weak of stomach or mind. This film is disturbing on more than one level. But then it's meant to be.
critique4648 National Velvet (1944) The movie that put Taylor on the map. Costarring the then number one box office champ Mickey Rooney. Taylor plays a girl in love with her horse and when jockey Mickey Rooney is unable to ride in the Grand National race spunky Liz cuts her hair pretends to be a boy and races the horse to...well I won't spoil the end for you. It's quality melodrama that MGM was famous for putting out. And it's another early color picture to boot!
critique4649 I expected a good movie. What I got was an even better movie. The chemistry between James and Smith is just incredible. Glad to see him in a major motion picture for once!<br /><br />The movie works because the actors play their parts perfectly. Will Smith is fantastic with his never ending charm; Kevin James is hilarious and Eva Mendes...well let's just say she plays that bitch/sweet/annoying role to the best of her ability.<br /><br />What I loved about the movie was the fact that Will Smith didn't even have to try to be lovable. He just was!! The "date doctor" had all the right moves said everything in the most perfect of ways and never ever went over the top.<br /><br />The funny parts are hilarious...and the cute romantic parts are unforgettable.<br /><br />I totally recommend this movie. And no it is not a chick flick.
critique4650 Johnny Crawford is great in this movie of a troubled teen coming of age in a generation that was in the middle of a cultural and spiritual upheaval. Billy Graham does a good job of portraying life in this sweet sometimes corny but all the way sincere flick. He gives us a look at not only the social scene but gives good solid advice that holds true today about morals decisions the generation gap teen dating (some of the statistics that are given in this movie are astounding. They sound like today's stats). Just to see Billy in his younger days is worth seeing. It's an awesome movie. It made me realize that human nature does not change even though hair fashion and language may change humans are still struggling with the same issues they have been struggling with for thousands of years.
critique4651 KRAMER VS KRAMER won five Oscars including Best Picture of 1979. This intense and deeply moving family drama follows an advertising executive whose life is turned upside down when his wife of eight years walks out on him leaving him to care for his son and build a relationship with him he never had. Robert Benton's incisive screenplay presents us flawed but real human beings with hearts souls and brains. For instance in the scene where Joanna announces to Ted she's leaving him she doesn't just storm out the door...she gives him the keys her credit cards the dry cleaning ticket tells him which bills have been paid and informs him she has withdrawn from their bank account the same amount of money she had when they were married no more. This decision to leave was not a whim...it was thought about and Joanna felt with no other option than to leave if she was leaving she was going to do it properly...and with no specific plan in mind she did not think it right to take Billy. Dustin Hoffman won an Oscar for his Ted Kramer a man so obsessed with bringing home the bacon he had no clue that his life at home was crumbling into pieces. Meryl Streep also won an Oscar playing Joanna the unhappy wife who we feel sympathy for in the beginning of the film but that all changes when she returns for her son. Hoffman is at the top of his form here. I always tear up during the scene where he tries to explain to Billy (Justin Henry Oscar nominee) why his mom left and he does it all in a stage whisper or when he meets Joanna upon her return and slams her drink into a wall (a Hoffman moment not in the script that Streep was not told about in order to get a natural reaction). Justin Henry hits all the right notes as Billy the confused little boy who doesn't know why his mom is gone and doesn't know how to communicate with his father. Jane Alexander also got an Oscar nod as Ted and Joanna's neighbor Margaret who has switched allegiances by the film's conclusion. This is an intense family drama but there are laughs to be had here too...Billy and the chocolate chip ice cream...Billy pouting because Ted is late picking him for a party...Billy catching his dad's one night stand (JoBeth Williams) on her way to the bathroom stark naked but it's the moments of human drama you remember...Ted running through Manhattan with Billy in his arms to get to the emergency room after BIlly falls off the jungle gym...Ted getting fired right before beginning his custody battle and instead of making a scene he tells the guy in a whisper..."Shame on you." And of course the finale where Joanna tells Ted she's not taking Billy which I found a little hard to swallow. Why would she go to all that trouble of suing for custody and then just change her mind? But this is a small quibble regarding a wonderful movie masterfully directed by Robert Benton and flawlessly performed by a top-notch cast. A must-see.
critique4652 Okay I am a fan of the Nightmare series and everyone says on here that this is the worst! But it's NOT!!! Haven't's you seen Freddy's Revenge??? WTF! That was the worst of all!!! Now this movie is pretty decent and it sticks to the Freddy story and it's cool that he had a daughter etc. etc.<br /><br />And then I found out it was in 3-D!!! I was so excited I remember when I saw it on the DVD box set I instantly skipped to the 3-D sequences. Quite a lot was in 3-D though like Lisa Zanes hand Dream Demons Freddy's Claw (more than once) Lezlie Dean holding a knife Lisa Zane with a Baseball Bat Doc's hand Freddy's head exploding.<br /><br />I truly loved this movie because it was in 3-D but I wish the whole movie was in 3-D not just the last 15 minutes.<br /><br />By the Way it's 15 minutes NOT TEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
critique4653 Back when musicals weren't showcases for choreographers we had wonderful movies such as this one.<br /><br />Being a big fan of both Wodehouse and Fred Astaire I was delighted to finally see this movie. Not quite a blend of Wodehouse and Hollywood but close enough. Some of the American vaudeville humour the slapstick not the witty banter clash with Wodehouse's British sense of humour. But on the whole the American style banter makes the American characters seem real rather than cardboard caricatures.<br /><br />Some inventive staging for the dance numbers including the wonderful fairground with revolving floors and funhouse mirrors more than make up for the lack of a Busby Berkley over the top dance number. They seem a lot more realistic if you could ever imagine people starting to sing and dance as realistic.<br /><br />The lack of Ginger Rogers and Eric Blore don't hurt the movie instead they allow different character dynamics to emerge. It's also nice not to have a wise cracking headstrong love interest. Instead we have a gentle headstrong love interest far more in keeping with Wodehouses' young aristocratic females.
critique4654 I know I should like this film and I do for the most part but as other's have mentioned it is a bit long in the tooth. I to also found the raging hormones of the all male crew to be a bit annoying. It's a wonder they didn't start panting and howling at the moons as well. I also have to say that overall the movie leaves me cold. It's a very sterile atmosphere that permeates the film. On the plus side the effects are great (besides the cartoon monster) as are the effects props costumes and of course Robbie. If the robot was not in this film I don't think it would have been as popular as it was/is. The second half of the movie picks up steam once we start to investigate the forgotten gadgets of the "Krell." As many times as I've seen this movie the Krell still leaves me scratching my head as to exactly who or what they were. Based on what was being produced at that time besides "This Island Earth" Forbidden Planet is miles above the average Sci-Fi movies of the time. Being filmed in color also adds to its enjoyment. Certainly a classic in its own right flaws and all and deservedly so.
critique4655 For those of you unfamiliar with Alisdair Sims he is of course THE definitive Scrooge of all them Christmas Carol movies. (Me? I guess I'm REALLY bad.. I haven't actually seen the darn thing). I guess those who HAVE seen Christmas Carol and so used to his character might find The Bells of St. Trinians rather surprising. You see in this movie Sims has two roles. One he plays a heavy better and in the other he's in drag as a headmistress for a private girl's school! So once you get that through your thick skull this movie offers plenty of delights. The plot is deals with the way the school tries to make some desperately needed money through a horse race. It's actually a little more complicated for the small kids to handle but I think they would be preoccupied with their antics and with the horses to really notice. The adults too might get tripped over all the thick accents being thrown around as well. But again the story is reasonably light the action crazy and frenetic for one to really notice. PS the kids all look like they come from the Eloise school of cuteness.
critique4656 I saw this movie five times and never get tired of it. This features traces of the "giallo" genre but also with a vivid Italian countryside setting where ignorance and superstition are deadlier than any serial killer. Featuring excellent location (reminiscent sometimes of Fellini sometimes of the Taviani brothers) good characterisation and some of the finest genre actors (including the great Tomas Milian and Ida Lupino in an unforgettable role) this is NOT euro-trash just a masterpiece that should be discovered generation after generation (It recently recieved great acclaim at the Paris Cinematheque at a double-feature tribute to Lucio Fulci)
critique4657 In Russia the ordinary teenager Vera (Natalya Negoda) lives a leisured life with her drunkard father and her simpleton mother without working and waiting for the calling for a technical course of telephone operator. Her brother Victor (Aleksandr Negreba) lives in Moscow with the family of his own and occasionally visits his dysfunctional family and Vera being always motive for arguing. When Vera meets the student of university Sergei (Andrei Sokolov) they fall in love for each other and decide to get married. Sergei moves to Vera's house but lives in conflict with her father. This relationship leads the family to a tragedy.<br /><br />I have just seen "Malenkaya Vera" and I liked a lot this deep family drama. I am not familiarized with the life style in the former URSS but there are some unusual behaviors that I found very interesting. The first one when Victor tells Vera that she was conceived not because her parents wanted to have her but because they wanted to move to a larger apartment. Another one when the family goes to the beach in a truck. Many difficulties of Vera's family and their friends the repression in the park and other situations pictured in the movie are common in Third World countries. This low budget movie is very well-directed and the story is very profound and real. The cast has great performances and the actress Natalya Negoda is very beautiful. In the cover of the Brazilian VHS released by Sagres distributor there is information that Natalya Negoda was the centerfold of Playboy magazine. I am not sure how precise are the subtitles in Portuguese since many long sentences spoken in Russian are limited to short translation in few words. My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "A Pequena Vera" ("The Little Vera")
critique4658 Fever Pitch is a fun enough movie. It has a lot of funny moments (including a hilariously disturbing shower scene). Like most romantic comedies it has a "dead zone" in the middle where all the heavy "she's breaking up with me" stuff happens but other than that it continues to be funny until the end.<br /><br />Even though the plot revolves around fanaticism towards the Red Sox it's not overloaded with sports. You don't have to be a fan to enjoy this film.<br /><br />Of course that's easy for me to say: I've been a Red Sox fan since I was a boy too.<br /><br />7 out of 10.<br /><br />Barky
critique4659 Wow. We watched this film in the hopes that it would have at least some decent rock climbing scenes. We were disappointed there but it was still a great movie! It was soooo cheesy it was great! I haven't laughed so hard at a movie in a long time. If you are into rock climbing and you enjoy cheesy movies then this one is absolutely for you!
critique4660 I didn't want this to get complicated Leese. I have to assume she's gonna read that. Fear takes flight at 30000 feet in this taut action thriller. An overnight flight to Miami quickly becomes a battle for survival when Lisa ( Rachel McAdams) realizes her seatmate ( Cillian Murphy) is planning to use her as part of a chilling assassination plot. As the minutes tick by she's in a race against time to warn the potential victims before its to late.<br /><br />One of the many reasons I love this movie is because of the chemistry between the two stars McAdams and Murphy who are also two of my top favorite actors. For example the early scenes at the airport play more like a romantic comedy: two people keep running into each other.... I got to hand it to the two as well for making a film like this work. Especially Murphy's character.. Jackson who really seems to be sort of complicated in that way that he acts charming and innocent yet he's trying to do his job and make Lisa feel trapped physically and mentally. I mean in certain parts he really seems to be concerned for Lisa.<br /><br />A great thrill ride all the way through. A lot of films I would hate to see a prequel or a sequel about but actually I wouldn't mind a prequel to this one which would take place with Jackson surveilling Lisa. Favorite scene is probably that headbutt scene because it was so unexpected. There was also that nice buildup to the famous 'pen' scene. When is she going to make her move? There was also that nice change in McAdam's Lisa where she changed herself from being a victim into fighting back. I also loved the scene where she sits down in the food court and pretends to ask some ladies a survey about the food court. How great was Murphy with his whole weezing.....
critique4661 I was privileged to have seen some snippets from Aardman's original run of this show in the UK. It was always fun and always funny. None of the charm has been lost in translation--it's as fresh as the people interviewed--whether some of it is scripted or not as has been rumored is beside the point. It's always entertaining.<br /><br />Aardman Animations shows great imagination in the characters used for each voice the single aspect that I probably love most about the show and its concept (the hostility between the pandas the porcupines discussing fear of needles the painting ape). Regulars really grow on you as well such as the horse and donkey teens from Maryland most every married couple (the parrots the insects and the cats to name a few) and child-voiced character and I've really come to dig the ferret! Monday's finally become a day to which to look forward.
critique4662 Saxophonist Ronnie Bowers (Dick Powell) wins a studio contract and goes to Hollywood. He stays at Hollywwod Hotel (of course). At the same time big egotistical star Mona Marshall (Lola Lane) has a tantrum and refuses to attend the premiere of her new picture. In a panic the studio hires lookalike Virginia (Rosemary Lane) to impersonate her and have Bowers take her to the premiere NOT telling him it's not Marshall. Naturally they fall in love. You can pretty much figure out the rest of the plot yourself.<br /><br />The plot is old (to put it nicely) but Powell and Rosemary Lane make a very likable pair and have beautiful singing voices. The score is good (highlighted by "Hooray for Hollywood") and director Busby Berkeley shows off his unique visuals in a really fun drive-in musical sequence (with Edgar Kennedy doing his patented slow burn). Also Glenda Farrell has a few funny bits as Monas sister Jonesie.<br /><br />Still the movie isn't that good. The rest of the cast mugs ferociously and most of the humor is just not funny. Lola Lane especially is just lousy trying to play Mona for comedy. Also there is racism--a stereotypical black maid is played for laughs and there's some truly appalling racist "humor" at one point. That's probably what keeps this off TV most of the time. I realize it was accepted at the time but it comes across as revolting today.<br /><br />All in all a so-so movie with some serious problems helped by a good cast and some great songs. I give it a 7.
critique4663 This film marked the end of the "serious" Universal Monsters era (Abbott and Costello meet up with the monsters later in "Abbott and Costello Meet Frankentstein"). It was a somewhat desparate yet fun attempt to revive the classic monsters of the Wolf Man Frankenstein's monster and Dracula one "last" time.<br /><br />I say desparate because in the previous film "House of Frankenstein" both Dracula and the Wolf Man are killed according to how the vampire and werewolf legends say they should be (Dracula by the sunlight and the wolf man by a silver bullet). Yet somehow they return in House of Dracula with no explanation. This movie could have played as a kind of prequel to House of Frankenstein if the Frankenstein monster plot wouldn't be continuing chronologically into House of Dracula from House of Frankenstein and if the wolf man didn't get cured. Then there'd be no plot holes. But since this is not the case the plots of Dracula and the Wolf Man make no sense.<br /><br />However ignoring these plot holes House of Dracula is a classic atmospheric horror film that's fun to watch. It has many high points. Especially seeing the wolf man get cured. I know I just said that this shouldn't have been included but it was nice to actually see him get cured after all this time. And the scene with the lady playing "Moonlight Senada" on the piano then all of a sudden playing a haunting melody when under Dracula's spell was very eerie. Dr. Edleman's transformation into the "Dr. Jekyl/Mr. Hyde" type character was also done very well.<br /><br />And it's great to see Dracula Frankenstein and the Wolf Man together one "last" time.<br /><br />*** out of ****
critique4664 There are few movies that have the massive amount of non stop ninja action as Ninja III: the Domination. This is a story of love redemption and revenge however this is mainly a story about flipping out and killing people for no reason at all. If you've been searching for a movie where a ninja goes absolutely nuts and takes all kinds of people to their graves just because he's a ninja and he can do it this is the movie for you. I can't think of any movies to compare this to because no movie is this awesome. Wait oh have you ever seen the thing with two heads? There is a part in that where the titular thing is riding around on a motorcycle and about a million cop cars are chasing it/them around but they keep crashing and what not BECAUSE YOU CAN'T CATCH THE THING WITH TWO HEADS!!! Well that is kind of what Ninja III is like. I highly recommend this film especially if you like the following things: Ninjas swords Lucinda Dickie from Breakin' and Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo video games about being a bouncer in a bar ambiguous and underdeveloped love stories or "good" ninjas.
critique4665 This is what James Cagney is all about wisecracks cockiness hard as nails and no-nonsense charisma.<br /><br />Although the plot sounds serious the film is anything but. It is done in the 30's screwball comedy style and works well with his 'bickering' with fiancÃƒÂ© Mae Clark and his reactions to the tall stories of his colleague James Burke.<br /><br />What raises it above normal is the dialogue and the cast that delivers it. Dialogue is good but it is nothing unless delivery is spot on and can bounce about the characters involved. This is done well by all throughout.<br /><br />Good entertainment and thoroughly enjoyable.
critique4666 I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses and I also work in an acute care medical facility. Over the years I have seen people die from hemolytic reactions to blood transfusions have attended numerous conferences on blood born pathogens and have seen several patients become seriously ill from pathogens induced by transfused blood. I have also heard several Jehovah's Witnesses being told that they will die if they refuse blood and after 26 years in the field I have never actually seen it happen leaving the question "is it really unreasonable to refuse blood transfusions or is the community at large benefiting from the battle on this issue?" The issue for Jehovah's Witnesses is a moral one. "You must abstain from blood" is not an ambiguous statement. Thank you for this movie and allowing comments on it.
critique4667 The brilliant thing about Withnail & I is that it captures that not long left college and life could go either way moment along with all its other finery. Freebird is something for those who probably never considered higher education and just went straight to work aged 15/16. I know some of the broad sheets stuck the knife into this film when it came out in Cinemas but i saw it at a packed house in Hailsham and everybody seemed to really enjoy it. I grew up in the forest of Dean and this took me straight back to my mushrooming and dope days (had some great mates - hate to think what they're all up to now - probably running the local council). I've watched it a couple of times on DVD and already i see the film as an old mate that will stay forever as part of my collection (how can i like this film and the Dambusters - doesn't seem right somehow) I certainly edge towards the second half of this film and i think the social interacting scenes with the locals are brilliantly done. I like the mix of the three lead characters and there really is some lovely writing in here along with some very quotable lines and dare i say a good smattering of integrity. I have tried to obtain the soundtrack but it has not been released (shame as it's a corker). Someone told me it was originally a stage play not quite sure how that worked but i'm sure it was fun. I liked the little Shakespearian touches/references that seem to crop up throughout the film (also spotted the Dylan Thomas ref as well) and like all little gems there will always be little things to discover like the final scene giving a nod to Easyrider as they start they're next journey. All in all a genuinely unpretentious piece of film making (love it!)
critique4668 Easily 9 out of 10 for a film by director we will continue to grow to admire. But don't watch this movie expecting to be "entertained." Ang Lee takes an objective look at a relatively unexplored aspect of the Civil War. What is beautiful about the movie like all of Lee's films is that he doesn't "side" with his characters. He creates characters embodies them with life problems and ambiguity ... and endows them with a reality that often hits far closer to home than with which many are comfortable. This film has action but it is not for the action lover since the violence is deeply disturbing and far from gratuitous ... i.e. like the characters it is real. And as you would expect about one of mankind's most horrific wars the violence is horrific.<br /><br />But as an exploration of the greater human ambiguity that surely dwelt within the Civil War it is a masterpiece. Was the war about slavery and an abolitionism? Lee seems quite willing to blur that line made so popular in depictions like the Blue and the Grey. Neither is about idealism though as seen in Gone with the Wind. It is about freedom about the desire to have something which is yours and to fight for it. As you watch the characters you will ask yourself "how can they be fighting to preserve slavery?" The fact is I don't think they really are and in that the film shows the problem of why so many were caught up in the maelstrom of the Civil War.<br /><br />The fact seems clear that many of the characters we learn about are fighting out of senses of loyalty to "home" though they may never have examined what home represents or whether they truly espouse its values. The letter scenes are very moving and yet subtle. Jake and Daniel are other examples of loyalty stretched to the limits. And when the tension finally snaps and these characters find themselves suddenly "free" ... we see the birth of new men.<br /><br />All this mixed in with Lee's beautiful incorporation of humankind's environment with breathtaking vistas and frames. Lee has a style which is his somehow European in its "art" (a slow camera unrushed) Asian in its epic-ness and development of story and yet somehow familiar and easily accessible to so many in North Americans.<br /><br />Relax let go of your preconceptions about what the Civil War is what the "western" as a genre is what a war movie should be ... and let Ang Lee take you into a world so fragile so hard so real that few of us can comfortably see it.<br /><br />In this Lee continues what he wrought in Ice Storm. Again the movie is slow paced and without apparent "direction" ... a sure sign of Lee's ability to direct without "imposing" himself on the story or screen. His direction is amplified by what he brings out of Jewel (yes the singer) a hitherto unproven actress who puts in an amazing performance.<br /><br />A movie for those who love film and are not lovers of the standard Hollywood epic.
critique4669 Ali G earned his fame on the small screen - though the big screen has not lost him any kudos either. Ali G Indahouse is a hilarious laugh-a-second fun fest - just like on the small screen. He has lost none of his character or stupidity at all and behind all that - none of the film is brainless fluff either. A human side to Ali is revealed during the film the idea of Ali G running for PM is a brilliant fresh and funny one - and the incessant stupidity of Staines' gangster man is mixed well with the stern harsh world that is politics. The film is also full of brilliant new characters - and instead of just interview after interview we get a proper comedy film that never gets repetitive or boring. So why didn't I give it ten stars? Well the ending was funny but also botched and failed - none of it made sense. And in parts the film became offensive in trying to be funny - but that's Ali G for you - if it isn't offensive it isn't itself and it is totally and utterly ruined. Ali G's big screen debut was a success in my belief and should have got into the 6-7 average rating range on IMDb. But it could have got worse as well and people are bound to have mixed opinions especially on a film such as this.<br /><br />On the whole Ali G Indahouse is hilarious British comedy at its best - and funniest and most clever. A great job! 9/10
critique4670 A western through and through. As the title character portrayed by Glenn Ford says "No I don't want to fight but I will if it's forced on me." This movie is about being intelligent strong and fighting for one's beliefs. With courage never stop striving for what you feel is right. Great action and mostly quick paced. Good to see Brian Keith in this role and Edward G. Robinson as an older western man. Glenn Ford lives up to his western image. Thoroughly enjoyable film includes strategic non-military warfare. Of course it's violent like the title states but not too graphic like in the computer-generated era films. It's mostly about strong personality clashes.
critique4671 I thought this movie was absolutely hilarious. I already knew it was going to be a funny movie but it was funnier than I expected. Sure there were some lame jokes but they cracked me up. I thought the actors were going to turn out to be pretty bad but the actors were good in acting out this comedy. I have to give kudos to Amanda Bynes she looked surprisingly like her brother and pulled off an awesome performance as a boy. As for the other actors they were funny as well. Of course there were moments where you yell at the screen "how can you not tell?" but that's all part of the fun. In the end the plot turned out pretty well. There's a happy ending but what'd you expect. <br /><br />Overalljust hilarious.
critique4672 Even this early in his career Capra was quite accomplished with his camera-work and his timing. This is a thin story -- and quite predictable at times -- but he gets very good performances out of his cast and has some rather intricate camera moves that involve the viewer intimately. The first part looks like a Cinderella story though anyone with brains can see that the bottom will fall out of that -- the rich 'prince' will lose his fortune.<br /><br />Nonetheless because of his good cast and fast pace it's easy to get caught up in the clichÃƒÂ©s. Then the movie does become more original as the married couple have to find a way to make a living. The ending is very predictable but satisfying. I also want to compliment the title-writing: very witty and fun.
critique4673 Thanks to a smart script and a steady hand from Writer/Director Kevin Meyer "Perfect Alibi" is an entertaining and very likable mystery thriller. The movie starts methodically and builds up steam as the clues begin to reveal that nothing is what it seems to be. Teri Garr and Hector Elizondo are terrific as they team up to unravel the mystery reminding me of Nick and Nora Charles from the "Thin Man" movies. Kathleen Quinlan is excellent as Alex McArthur's tormented wife and the character roles played by veteran actors Charles Martin Smith Bruce McGill Anne Ramsey and Estelle Harris are well done and provide plenty of light moments at just the right time. There's even a cameo by Rex Linn. In all I felt like I was reading a good book by the fire.
critique4674 This movie was fun! Especially if your between 8 and 15. Frankie Muniz and Amanda Bynes make a believable team of 8th graders getting back at an adult who really deserves it. Paul Giamatti makes a great adult who you really want to 'get'. My 13 year old daughter and her friend loved it. Parents: No really bad words or any sex to worry about. Recommend it for the 'right' crowd. AP
critique4675 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique4676 A beautiful shopgirl in London is swept off her feet by a millionaire tea plantation owner and soon finds herself married and living with him at his villa in British Ceylon. Although based upon the book by Robert Standish this initial set-up is highly reminiscent of Hitchock's "Rebecca" with leading lady Elizabeth Taylor clashing with the imposing chief of staff at the mansion and (almost immediately) her own husband who is still under the thumb of his deceased-but-dominant father. Taylor a last-minute substitute for an ailing Vivien Leigh looks creamy-smooth in her high fashion wardrobe and her performance is quite strong; however once husband Peter Finch starts drinking heavily and barking orders at her one might think her dedication to him rather masochistic (this feeling hampers the ending as well). Still the film offers a heady lot for soap buffs: romantic drama a bit of travelogue interpretive dance an elephant stampede and a perfectly-timed outbreak of cholera! *** from ****
critique4677 This is one of three 80's movies that I can think of that were sadly overlooked at the time and unfortunately still overlooked. One of the others was Clownhouse directed by Victor Salva a movie horribly overlook due to Salva's legal/sexual problems. Another would be Cameron's Closet which strikes me as somewhat underrated--not great but not nearly as bad as the reviews I've seen. Paper House is well worth your time and I think that it is one of those very quiet films that will just stick in your brain for far longer than you might think. I mean 10 years after I've seen it and I still give it some pause whereas something that I might have seen 6 months ago has gone into the ether.
critique4678 This movie was excellent. A sad truth to how culture tends to clash with the sexes. This is just one big warm fuzzy type of movie. You have the master who is steeped in tradition and kind hearted in his own way Doggie despite being a girl thing to win his affections and you top it off with one cute monkey with a thousand facial expressions. This equals on big happy movie in the end. This movie does a good job at showing how steeped in tradition one can be so steeped that they are willing to die without sharing their secrets. You see sides to a culture never seen before which helps enhance the drama that unfolds near the end of the picture. The cinema-photography is excellent in particular the opening parade sequence with all the sparkers. Bound to be in Oscar contention for best foreign film.
critique4679 If you've not seen this then look out for it. It is available on DVD. It is a channel 4 (uk) production possibly in conjunction with German and danish TV. If you've seen the film it is basically the same plot. Several interleaved stories are connected through the drugs trade. The story jumps between the housewife (played by the excellent Lyndsay Duncan) trying to complete a deal on behalf of her husband who to her surprise is an international drugs dealer (and generally dangerous man).<br /><br />A minister who is embedded in his job to the detriment of his family is investigating the whole state of affairs with international drugs trafficking. He gets a few eye openers to the reality of heroin when his daughter turns out to have a 'problem'. He then visit Pakistan officially where he seems to be taught that the abuse (not simply the drug or its casual use) is the problem and also gets to sample some produce (an excellent scene where he simultaneously realises what the attraction is and why it is and why it is such a problem). In Pakistan we get to see the other side. The desperation of farmers who can barely survive turning to opium production and crime lords. The pointless attempts at subsidy resulting in the system getting rich. And a country so drenched in drugs yet only a relative fraction of the abuse we have in the west. Around all this a customs official/interpol agent tries to catch the 'dutch' connection in heroin smuggling. Seeking justice for his murdered partner. This really is a masterpiece. Super understated performances from all the main actors in a way only European cinema can really do.<br /><br />A must see. Especially if you have seen the film they compliment each other abd present some subtly different opinions/attitudes from both sides of the pond.
critique4680 Stack should have received the Academy Award for this performance period. Its a crime that he did not. Amazing how he humanizes a rich worthless character. <br /><br />Dorothy Malone did earn a well-deserved Academy Award for her performance. In fact all of the acting in this film is excellent.<br /><br />The plot begins with a taxi ride then an airplane ride then keeps moving on an emotional ride that will hold your interest throughout. You will be entertained!<br /><br />However this is only a blatant soap opera. One-dimensional 100-percent soaper. You might call it the ultimate soaper because the acting so thoroughly triumphs over the material. Excellently acted well directed but strictly within its soap genre. I wouldn't even call it a melodrama (such as "Mildred Pierce" or "Imitation of Life"). While not denying the great entertainment value of this film you can only imagine what this talented cast and director might have achieved with more substantial subject matter.
critique4681 Deanna Durbin really did save Universal from bankruptcy and enabled it to remain a big studio. By the mid 30s most of the big directors that had been at Universal eg Milestone Browning and Wyler had gone. Only James Whale remained but his prestigious horror films were behind him. Deanna and Judy Garland appeared in a short "Every Sunday" and initially Garland was suggested for the role of Penny in "Three Smart Girls". When Garland was unavailable Universal switched to Durbin. Initially she had been definitely a supporting player but her potential was so vivid that the script was rewritten to make her the star. Directed by Henry Koster the film had a European touch.<br /><br />The film starts with a beautiful panorama of a lake in "Switzerland". The "three smart girls" of the title - three sisters Joan (Nan Grey) Kay (Barbara Read) and Penny (Deanna Durbin) are sailing with Penny giving her glorious voice to "My Heart is Singing". All is not too well on the home front - their father is planning to remarry a younger woman (Binnie Barnes) so the three girls with the help of their trusty nurse (Lucille Watson) decide to go to New York and reunite him with their mother. Lucille Watson is best remembered for her role as Robert Taylor's stern mother in "Waterloo Bridge" (1941).<br /><br />Donna is a gold-digger who along with her scatty mother (Alice Brady) is determined to marry Judson Craig (Charles Winninger). For someone with no film experience Deanna is wonderful as Penny a typical pesky over enthusiastic kid sister and she is as pretty as a picture. When she sings "Someone to Care for Me" to her father you will just melt - what a glorious voice she had. She also has one of the funniest lines in the film. When her father consoles her with "I'll take you to the zoo tomorrow" she replies "Oh I can see enough monkeys around here"!!!<br /><br />With the help of Bill Evans (John King) they decide to hire a "count" (Mischa Auer)to romance Donna. They arrange to meet at a nightclub but due to a mix-up Lord Michael Stuart (Ray Milland) is mistaken for the count and Donna falls for him (she thinks he owns half of Australia!!!) The plan backfires as he falls for Kay and Donna wants to hasten her marriage to Judson.<br /><br />Penny decides to take matters into her own hands and runs away. She is taken to the local police station where she charms the cops with her rendition of "Il Bacio" (she is trying to convince them she is a young opera singer.) Everything ends happily with their mother (Nella Walker) sailing over to patch things up with their dad and in the meantime Donna makes the acquaintance of the phoney count (Mischa Auer) and sails off to Australia with him.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
critique4682 But perhaps you have to have grown up in the 80's to truly appreciate this movie. If you love the early 80's this is definitely a must see. Also one of the best soundtracks ever!
critique4683 This was surprisingly intelligent for a TV movie and quite true to my own experience of bulimia. It was actually well-researched and I can only assume it was written by someone who's gone through a similar experience because it had all the little details. The characters were quite well-drawn and the performances by Mare Winningham and Alison Lohman were great. I think what I like most was that they made them specific and smart and there was no dumbing down of the reasons for Beth's bulimia (it wasn't some "diet gone out of control caused by the pressures placed on girls by the media pressures we're not actually going to address..."). Her mother wasn't completely clueless - too often on television they'll take an issue that EVERYONE has some awareness of and try to tell us that their protagonists are the last remaining people on earth who don't ("Diabetes? What's that? Oh my world is all askew doctor please explain it all to me as if I'm a small child" etc). It was brilliant that her mother was a psychologist and even she didn't see the signs. And the scenes where Beth was throwing up weren't OVERLY melodramatic and sensationalist and concentrated more on bulimics' need for secrecy and their out-of-controlness. The scene where Beth tells her mother she's bulimic would've made me cry if there hadn't been other people in the room.<br /><br />Okay so I liked those bits. What didn't work for me so well was the ending which headed back to the TV movie territory we know and don't particularly love but I guess they had to wrap it up. "You too can cure your child's eating disorder if you have lots and lots of money and live in America..."<br /><br />And can I just say again that I really like Mare Winningham. She's great.
critique4684 This is the definite Lars von Trier Movie my favorite I rank it higher than "Breaking the waves" or the latest "Dancer in the Dark"... I simply love the beauty of the picture...the framing is so original; acting is wonderful A MUST SEE.
critique4685 Gentleman Jim is another case of print the legend with Errol Flynn playing the legendary boxer as a brash but charismatic social climber in a rollicking entertainment that barely stops for breath. It's as pointless looking for historical accuracy here as it is in Flynn's The Charge of the Light Brigade - this is sheer hokum with all the stops pulled out filmed on a surprisingly lavish scale and given a real sense of energy by Raoul Walsh's vivid direction. Flynn is still at the height of his powers (you'd never guess he suffered a mild heart attack during the production) with Alexis Smith a beautiful romantic sparring partner and perpetual sidekick Alan Hale along for good measure this time as Flynn's father (Jack Carson takes sidekick duties this time). Indeed even the pirate galleon from Flynn's earlier movies makes a somewhat out-of-place cameo in a dockside bout! The 103 minutes just breeze by.
critique4686 This version of Anna Christie is in German. Greta Garbo again plays Anna Christie but all of the other characters have different actors from the English version. Both were filmed back to back because Garbo had such a following in Germany. Garbo herself supposedly favored her Anna Christie in this version over the English version. It's a good tale and a must-see for Garbo fans.
critique4687 I have read both the book and saw the movie today. The storyline is so powerful that almost any script or screenplay would have done justice to it. So nothing much there. However this is still a beautiful movie because it makes one think and feel just like the book. Watching it is not like watching a documentary on a failed state and feeling sympathetic towards people suffering under an oppressive regime but is like watching any other common man's story unfold across generations across continents. Amir's cowardice his guilt his dilemmas and finally his choosing a way of redemption could have been a story of any of us. There isn't a single infallible character to look up to and idolize but all of them are gray just like all of us.<br /><br />Another important observation is that the movie does a great job of chronicling the lives of Afghans through the twenty some years of turbulent political scenarios. The vibrant care-free childhood represents Kabul before the Russian invasion and the desolate shattered remains of the city echo what the Taliban has done to it.<br /><br />The child actors deserve 'thumbs up' all the way. They can put any matured actor to shame.<br /><br />If you have not yet seen the movie or read the book just walk into the theater keeping in mind that you are going to witness a multi-layered story woven on a multi-colored fabric of human emotions and sentiments. This movie is not meant to stir anti-Soviet and anti-Taliban feelings but to feel the trials of human existence.<br /><br />I read some of the external reviews linked to the site and I must confess I do not see the point in writing reviews that summarize the storyline like a distant spectator and point out technical details about amazing cinematography or something similar. At least for this movie one should try to connect to it rather than judging it objectively.
critique4688 Wow "The Curse of Michael Myers" what a great film. Suspenseful entertaining creative and a clever plot which I love. Many hate the 'Thorn' concept I love it. I think that it gives the Halloween series some plot. Marianne Hagan is a wonderful actress and turns in a excellent performance especially for her first film and Paul Rudd and Donald Pleasence are great also. My only complaint is that why wasn't Danielle Harris in this film as Jamie? She wanted to return but the producers said no. I thought J.C Brandy was great but I love Danielle Harris. Still I love Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers. I think The Shape's mask looks the best in this film and George P. Wilbur is the best Michael Myers ever. Incredibly creepy and suspenseful Halloween 6 rules! <br /><br />I adore this very violent but immensely enjoyable film. The Halloween horror series - by far the best in the Genre.<br /><br />10 out of 10.
critique4689 I'm not saying anything new when I say that "Ray" was magnificent. As I proceed to laud this movie I have to mention something that sets it apart from other films. Very rarely is a film made entirely by the actor(s). "Ray" quite simply was made by Jamie Foxx. Without the wonderful performance of Jamie Foxx "Ray" would just be another interesting and informative biopic. I always thought Foxx was funny stemming from his days with "In Livin' Color" and "The Jamie Foxx Show" and I also knew that he was talented as he used his own show ("The Jamie Foxx Show") to show off his musical talents. But never did I imagine that he could pull off a role like this. I don't know much about acting and what they go through to get into character or other things like that but what I saw from Jamie Foxx was extremely impressive. He wrapped himself into that role and made us see Ray Charles rather than an actor portraying Ray Charles. The story of "Ray" was great yes but it was given life by Jamie Foxx.
critique4690 I'm not into reality shows that much but this one is exceptional because at the end the viewer gets something useful out of it besides entertainment. I don't have children but SuperNanny's lessons will be a great help when (and if) I ever do! My only complaint is that the show has been watered down since it has been in the US. I prefer the British version with the sterner nanny approach. Is it just me or does anyone else find the US version to be a bit soft... now it's the "kinder gentler" nanny? I guess we Yanks need a spoonful of sugar to help the medicine go down after all?! Still nothing wrong with a sappy happy ending is there?
critique4691 While its not the masterpiece that "Le Samourai" was (I've accepted by now that Jean-Pierre Melville was never able to top that classic) I find "Le Cercle Rouge" to be much better than "Bob le flambeur". I felt that "Bob le flambeur" was an above-average and influential b-film but still a b-film. "Le Cercle Rouge" proves that as a filmmaker Melville improved as he continued. John Woo is a massive fan of Melville even though their film-making style differs. While Woo uses fast-motion for shootouts and an operatic sense of violence Melville has a minimalist style that suits him very well. He wasn't interested in creating quickly paced action films but more meditative crime thrillers. In that department he was one of the best.<br /><br />"Le Samourai" is still his best work mainly because it has more character development than this but on a technical level they're probably equal. Besides while "Le Samourai" had one great lead performance this has four. Alain Delon is once again an ultra-cool gangster on the prowl - this man's silence is fascinating. Bourvil is superb as the police inspector on the case of the heist and escaped con. He steals every scene he is in and proves that he was a skilled dramatic actor (in France he is best known as a slapstick comedian in the mode of Buster Keaton). Yves Montand is great also as the shaky and paranoid gun expert. Gian Maria VolontÃƒÂ¨ (a regular in spaghetti westerns) is overshadowed by his three co-stars but still does an adequate job.<br /><br />Once again Melville's direction is superb. Taking equal influence from both American crime thrillers and the French new wave the man always seems to know the best shots and angles to choose. This is more slowly-paced than most caper flicks but it really pays off by the end. "Le Cercle Rouge" is a bit short of being an absolute classic but is still one of the best heist flicks ever made. Tarantino must've seen this before making "Reservoir Dogs". (8/10)
critique4692 The choice to make this SNL skit into a movie was far better thought out than other recent ones. The humor involved in the character is not annoyance humor and is also character driven enough to be stretched out for an hour or two.<br /><br />Oddly enough the sexual content seemed like it could be avoided but that may have been because the constraints of live television schooled me to not expect it. I suppose I was thinking more "Leisure Suit Larry" risquÃƒÂ© than the producers were...<br /><br />Definitely not a PG-13 movie which will probably hurt it from ever reaching the heights of its more successful predecessors but still better premise and writing than its more dismal ones.<br /><br />I liked it but I doubt it will be a smash hit... (which is sad as Tim Meadows tends not to do characters that annoy me with quite the frequency other SNL alumni tend to)
critique4693 Excellent movie albeit slightly predictable. I have to comment on Nicole Kidmans acting in this movie. Some of her other works haven't shown the amazing talent this woman has but Birthday Girl doesn't suffer from this in the slightest. Even without words Kidmans acting shines through.
critique4694 Once again we are fortunate to see a gorgeous opening scene where the artists' work has been fully restored and we see this old-time grocery store on a street corner with the snow gently falling. Inside are the rich colors of all the merchandise from produce to canned and boxed goods to medicine to candy etc.<br /><br />In essence this is a story of those goods "coming to life" such as the animals on the labels of items or a pie or even a pack of cigarettes.<br /><br />The whole "show" is narrated by "Jack Bunny" a Jack Benny impersonator with music from conductor Leopold Stokowski who was in so many Looney Tunes animated shorts I have lost count. A lot of the humor is topical so it pays to know who "Little Egypt" and other characters. The Busby Berkeley-type "aqua" number with bathing suited-sardines coming out of the can and the tomato can-can dance were both clever! <br /><br />All of the above and more was in the first half of this slightly longer-than-normal length cartoon. The second half was about a King Kong-type which escapes from the "Animal Crackers" box and terrorizes everyone. That part was not much and ended on a somewhat stupid note. So..... an "A" for the first half a "D" for the second making it about a C-plus or B-minus overall.
critique4695 Is it a murder mystery? Is it a police procedural? Is it a back-stage look at seedy French music halls? Quai des Orfevres is all of these but more than anything else it's an amusing comedy of infidelity jealousy and love set in post-WWII Paris. It may be surprising that Henri- Georges Clouzot the director of such grim films as Le Corbeau or such suspenseful nail- biters as Diabolique and The Wages of Fear is the director of this one. Clouzot however was a shrewd film-maker. "In a murder mystery" he tells us 'there's an element of playfulness. It's never totally realistic. In this I share Hitchcock's view which says 'A murder mystery is a slice of cake with raisins and candied fruit and if you deny yourself this you might as well film a documentary.'" Quai des Orfevres is a wonderful film and it's no documentary. <br /><br />Jenny Martineau (Suzy Delair) is an ambitious singer at music halls and supper clubs. She's a flirt she's sees nothing too wrong with using a bit of sex as well as talent to get a contract. Her stage name is Jenny Latour. And she really loves her husband Maurice Martineau (Bernard Blier). Martineau is something of a sad sack. He's her accompanist and arranger. He's a bit balding a bit chubby and jealous to a fault. Then we have their neighbor the photographer Dora Monnier (Simone Renant). She's blond gorgeous (think of Rita Hayworth) and capable. She and Martineau have been friends since they were children together. Dora however is definitely not thinking just of friendship when she looks at Jenny. Then comes along Georges Brignon (Charles Dullin) a wizened rich and dirty old man who often has Dora take "art" photographs of his young female proteges whom he poses himself. He offers a contract for a film to Jenny and suggests a dinner at his home to discuss the details. Jenny is more than willing. Maurice is furious and forbids it. Jenny shouts right back at him "You're jealous of the rich! Well I want my share of their dough. I'm all for royalty!" "You're dad was a laborer" Maurice shouts back. "So what? Under Louis XV I'd have been Madame de Pompadour! I'd have heated up their tights!" <br /><br />And after Brignon is found dead with a smashed champagne bottle next to his bleeding skull there's Dora to try to make things safe for Jenny. But wait. Inspector Antoine gets the case. Antoine (Louis Jouvet) is a tall tired middle-aged bachelor with sore feet. He has seen it all. He served in "the colonies" with the Foreign Legion and returned with an adopted baby and malaria. The child is now about eight-years old and Antoine dotes on him. One of the first things Antoine discovers is not only did someone brain Brignon with a bottle someone shot him in the heart. Who did it? Before long Jenny Maurice and Dora all are making up alibis lying and at one or another point confessing. How will Antoine discover the murderer? Will we have a chance to see some great music hall songs sung by Jenny Latour? Everything becomes clear but only with time and Detective Antoine's persistence. We are left with many kinds of love leading to all kinds of motives from hair-trigger jealousy to longing glances...and all played with a nice mixture of Gallic amusement. <br /><br />Clouzot takes us to a Paris of seedy but not threatening neighborhoods to downtrodden music publishers where tunes are played on the piano for buyers to restaurants with discrete private dining rooms. Most of all he takes us to the music hall where Jenny Latour often performs. We can see Jenny as she sings with couples in the seats and single men wearing their coats and hats in standing room. And everyone smokes. The first third of the film in fact takes place largely in this milieu. With Jenny singing about "Her petite tra-la-la her sweet tra-la-la" we follow her from trying out the song at the publishers to a rehearsal to a saucy performance with Jenny in a feathered hat a corset gartered stockings and not much else. <br /><br />Delair Blier and Renant all do wonderful jobs but it Louis Jouvet who holds everything together. He was a marvelous actor who disliked making films. The stage was his world and he took on films only if he happened to like the director and to make money to finance his stage work. Jouvet was tall with a long face and broad cheekbones. He was not conventionally handsome but he had what it takes to dominate a scene. For a look at how skillfully he could play comedy watch him in Drole de Drame. He's a fascinating actor. At one point he says "I've taken a liking to you Miss Dora Monnier." "Me?" she asks. "Yes. Because you and I are two of a kind. When it comes to women we'll never have a chance." Jouvet brings all kinds of nuances to that line from rueful regret to a gentle amusement.
critique4696 This movie might not put the Catholic church in the best light but it is telling a story based on true events. Unfortunately not everything in life including religion are all nice and rosy. Sometimes people and groups do things that at the time seem like the right thing but in retrospective do not look as great as they once did. "A Love Divided" tells the story of a family yes it does incorporate religion but really the story is about a family and that family's ability to stay together no matter what is thrown at them. This film is also based on true events which is not to say that this story scene by scene is true but if you were to look at news articles from that time period you would be able to see that neither churches handled the incident in a way that was helpful towards the family. Both churches are at fault here the Catholic church for forcing such a regulation on the family in the first place and not responding to the violence that came with it and the Protestant church for telling the mother that she should just obey her husband and his priest and not put up a fight. In this case both let this family down. I believe that the film does a good job in showing this struggle in both the church and the family. It in no way shape or form is putting down the Catholic church just the opposite it shows how one incident can change the course of that religion's ideas and how one person can have an effect far more reaching then just themselves.
critique4697 As a Westerner watching another culture's view and tradition of marriag I found Just Married mesmerizing and delightful. The idea of marrying a stranger through the mutual arrangement of parents is difficult especially in this modern age. Yet this is the case in this Hindi film. Told with humor and fresh perspective we learn of Abhay and Ritika who have only met once and are now on their traditional five day honeymoon. As said it is difficult to believe in this cell phone affluent age that such an archaic custom as an arranged marriage still take place. We see the awkwardness that this young couple feels as they come together on their first night and how they try to forge a bond even though they do not know one another. We see different views of marriage and commitment as presented by the other couples also on holiday from a couple of forty years married to others still unsure of making marital commitment. There's song witty dialog poignant moments blending and comparison of new ways and tradition. Watching the movie with subtitles definitely loses some of the trueness of the story yet it is still a delight to watch. Granted some of the plot is a little trite and the bus incident a bit drawn out and contrived; however the overall movie was worth watching.
critique4698 This is my favourite movie of all time. And I always think of it as John Huston's requiem.<br /><br />I must have seen it at least 20 times and never tire of it. The mood the script the singing the dinner it is like being invited into someone's home and observing the events and not able to participate even though you want to... It is a rare treasure this movie and I cannot write enough praise for it.<br /><br />It is cast incredibly well with quite a few Abbey Theatre faces and also the wonderful tenor voice of Frank Patterson. Lady Gregory's poem recited in the movie is one of the most moving ever written. Anjelica's scene walking down the stairs as she listens to the song is one of the best performances every seen on film. I cry every time I see it..for all the right reasons.<br /><br />We have all had love lost at an early age and weep for our young hopeful selves.<br /><br />Donal McCann acted in far too few movies for my liking he just loved stage work and stuck to it and it is our loss that we do not have more of his performances on film as he does so much with this delicate role by expression and the portrayal of a deep love for his wife that will never be reciprocated and he conveys such inner sadness at knowing this.<br /><br />If you want your movies action and plot packed avoid this there really is no beginning middle or end just a lens onto the characters at a dinner party in Dublin 80 years ago and all the little nuances and shadings of the personalities portrayed so beautifully.<br /><br />Bravo to all who were involved in this production. 10 out of 10.
critique4699 I was very surprised to learn that Goldie Hawn won an Oscar for this film. She seemed very lifeless and completely schooled by the 54(!) year old Bergman in the scenes where they are side by side. If it had been written today I think that Bergman and the young man Ivan would have wound up together (Ingrid is so much hotter than Goldie...) and the two self-absorbed characters played by Matthau and Hawn would be left out in the cold. But it was written at the end of 60's and feels like Plaza Suite or Barefoot in the Park. However Matthau's one-liners Hawn's innocence and Bergman's classy performance make this quite pleasant to watch.
critique4700 Rowan Atkinson delivers an unforgettable performance as the clueless Mr. Bean who never goes far without his Teddy Bear. The appeal of Mr. Bean is largely his childish behavior and innocence. We don't know if he came from the sky or another planet. He is the kind of strange character that you can't make up quite easily. He is often alone and used to it. He has a hard time communicating through speech which might be why we only hear his grunts at times. There are other characters who speak to him and he responds. The character of Mr. Bean is a mystery and still is. He lives alone and does the unthinkable when he can do the sensible thing. Mr. Bean is rather an odd man out who does not mind it much. He rather live a simple life with his yellow car and teddy bear and hopes to get to work on time.
critique4701 Way way back in the 1980s long before NAFTA was drafted and corporations began to shed their national identities the United States and Japan were at each other's throat in the world manufacturing race. Remember sayings like 'Union Yes!' 'the Japanese are taking this country over' and 'Americans are lazy?'<br /><br />As the Reagan era winded down and corporations edged towards a global marketplace director Ron Howard made one of several trips into the comedy genre with his 1986 smash 'Gung Ho' which drew over $36 million in U.S. box office receipts. While in many ways dated Howard's tongue-in-cheek story of colliding cultures in the workplace still offers hard truth for industrial life today.<br /><br />'Gung Ho' focuses on Hunt Stevenson (Michael Keaton) the automakers union rep from Hadleyville a small depressed town in the foothills of Pennsylvania. Stevenson has been asked to visit the Assan Motor Company in Tokyo (similar to real-life Toyota) which is considering a U.S. operation at the town's empty plant. With hundreds of residents out of work and the town verging on collapse Assan decides to move in and Stevenson is hired as a liaison between company officials and workers on the assembly line.<br /><br />The 112 minutes of 'Gung Ho' is a humorous look at these two sides with their strengths and weaknesses equally considered: on one hand an American workforce that values its traditions but is often caught in the frenzy of pride and trade unionism; on the other hand Japanese workers who are extremely devoted to their job yet lacking in personal satisfaction and feelings of self-worth. In Stevenson we find an American working class figure of average intelligence with the skills to chat people through misunderstandings. With the survival of his workers' jobs and most of Hadleyville on the line Stevenson proves a likable guy who wants nothing more than a fair chance although his cleverness will sink him into a great deal of trouble. Besides answering to the heads of Assan we witness a delicate balancing act between Stevenson and his fellow union members many of whom he grew up with. This includes Buster (George Wendt) Willie (John Turturro) and Paul (Clint Howard Ron's brother).<br /><br />The Japanese cast is headed by Gedde Watanabe also known for 'Sixteen Candles' and 'Volunteers.' Watanabe plays Kazihiro the plant manager who is down on his luck and begins to feel a sympathy for American life. He is constantly shadowed by Saito (Sab Shimono) the nephew of Assan's CEO who is desperate to take his spot in the pecking order. While given a light touch these characters fare very well in conveying ideas of the Japanese working culture.<br /><br />With Hunt Stevenson dominating the script Michael Keaton has to give a solid performance for this film to work. 'Gung Ho' is indeed a slam-dunk success for Keaton who also teamed with Ron Howard in 1994's 'The Paper.' He made this film during a string of lighter roles that included 'Mr. Mom' 'Beetle Juice' and 'The Dream Team' before venturing into 'Batman' 'One Good Cop' and 'My Life.' It's also hard not to like Gedde Watanabe's performance as the odd man out who first wears Japanese ribbons of shame before teaming up with Stevenson to make the auto plant a cohesive unit.<br /><br />The supporting cast is top-notch including Wendt Turturro Shimono and Soh Yamamura as Assan CEO Sakamoto. Mimi Rogers supplies a romantic interest as Audrey Hunt's girlfriend. Edwin Blum Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel teamed up for Gung Ho's solid writing. The incidental music which received a BMI Film Music Award was composed by Thomas Newman. Gung Ho's soundtrack songs are wall-to-wall 80s including 'Don't Get Me Wrong' 'Tuff Enuff' and 'Working Class Man.'<br /><br />The success of 'Gung Ho' actually led to a short-lived TV series on ABC. While more impressive as a social commentary twenty years ago Ron Howard's film still has its comic value. It is available on DVD as part of the Paramount Widescreen Collection and is a tad short-changed. Audio options are provided in English 5.1 surround English Dolby surround and French 'dubbing' but subtitles are in English only. There are no extras not even the theatrical trailer. On the plus side Paramount's digital transfer is quite good with little grain after the opening credits and high quality sound. While a few extras would have been helpful - especially that 'Gung Ho' was a box office success - there's little to complain about the film presentation itself.<br /><br />*** out of 4
critique4702 Rated NR(would be Rated R for Pervasive Strong Language and Crude Sexual Humor). Quebec Rating:16+(should be 13+) Canadian Home Video Rating:18A<br /><br />Eddie Murphy Delirious is Eddie's first stand up comedy routine.This came out in 1983.Back then he starred in the movie 48 hrs and Trading Places and he was on Saturday Night Live.Eddie made two stand up comedy films.Delirious and Raw.I preferred Raw because I just found the subject matter to be more humorous.Delirious however is also very funny with Eddie talking about his childhood and making fun of celebrities such as Mr.T and singers such as Michael Jackson.Any fan of stand-up comedy films should see Eddie Murphy's Delirious.
critique4703 A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia. Extremely well done and Polanski performs well as the diffident introvert trying hard to adapt to his dingy Paris lodgings and his fellow lodgers. Horrifying early on because of the seeming mean and self obsessed fellow tenants and horrifying later on as he develops his defences which will ultimately be his undoing. Personally I could have done without the cross dressing element but I accept the nod to Psycho and the fact that it had some logic bearing in mind the storyline. Nevertheless it could have worked without and would have removed the slightly theatrical element but then maybe that was intended because the courtyard certainly seems to take on the look of a theatre at the end. I can't help feel that there are more than a few of the director's own feelings of not being a 'real' Frenchman and Jewish to boot. Still there is plenty to enjoy here including a fine performance from a gorgeous looking Isabelle Adjani and good old Shelly Winters is as reliable as ever.
critique4704 This outstanding Argentine independent film is one of the very best of the year 2000 from all South America including Argentina which is producing an astonishing number of quality films since 1999. In 2000 alone Argentina released many quality films which broke Argentine B.O. records. A half dozen were internationally acclaimed like this one at important world film festivals. After viewing this film one can see how home grown Argentinian films were able last year to recapture 20% of its national movie market.<br /><br />Directed by one of Argentina's best directors Daniel Burman this film examines effects of globalisation worldwide but emphasizes its impact on Argentina and particularly the Jewish community of Buenos Aires. Daniel Hendler is wonderful as the nice Jewish boy trying to survive and even succeed in today's business climate. Hector Alterio one of the great actors of Hispanic Cinema worldwide is perfect as Simon the Jewish father as is the rest of the cast which includes Spanish and Italian stars.<br /><br />So many current themes in urban Western societies are explored I don't have enough space to go into detail. Daniel Burman cleverly weaves them into the plot with different characters personifying diverse dilemmas. If this film plays at a festival near you or on video don't miss it!
critique4705 Along with Darkwing Duck this is unfairly cancelled. Disney has been in decline since Tarzan and we need a show like this to get Disney back on track. Ed Gilbert and Jim Cummings were perfect for the voices of Louis and Baloo (sounds familiar?) The theme theme tune is also catchy. Out of all the villains which are all great on their own merits Tony Jay stands out as Shere Kahn. Louis and Baloo actually sound very similar to the voice overs in the Jungle Book which isn't a bad thing at all. As a matter of fact it's quite inspirational! The animation was spot on and the script had plenty of wit that has been severely lacking in animations for years. PLEASE BRING THIS SHOW BACK! 9/10. Bethany Cox
critique4706 This is film-making at it's simplest and it's best.<br /><br />I had my doubts because even though Freeman is great actor sometimes he gets involved in bad projects; this is not one of those times.<br /><br />It's a small story that runs just over an hour and fifteen in a time when we are getting used to having movies become longer and longer and not necessarily better the director uses the short time to his advantage because the characters are so well defined from the start (great portrayals by freeman and Vega by the way) that the little bit of background info on them seems real Morgan is himself even though his name is not mentioned he has been out of movies for a couple of years now because he was saturated by the business and developed a fear to commit to a script and is doing research for a character in a indie movie where he plays a store/supermarket manager. The story begins by him being drop of in a supermarket in a rough neighborhood where he meets the cashier of the 10 items or less (Vega) and has to take a ride with her cause "the production" forgot to pick him up.<br /><br />In many ways it's a road movie Morgan provides the laughs and quirks with his unbeatable smile and positive perspective on everything showing off an accomplished actor who has trained his mind to be able to define everyone he sees into a character he could play and Paz (by the way what an extraordinary beautiful woman even more gorgeous than Penelope Cruz) brings the vulnerability of a 25 years old separated woman who works harder than everyone else without getting any credit in a dead end job at a crappy supermarket.<br /><br />It's a talkie there is a lot of dialog but the balance between light and fun and serious and sad is well sustained the characters become so lovable right away that you spend the last 20 minutes begging for more screen time of this odd couple but the shortness is in the nature of the story so it was a good call from the director not to give in.
critique4707 As far as parody films go there are few that are worth time and energy. but with a recent resurgence of horrid parodies such as Date Movie and The Comebacks it is a breath of fresh air to come back and rediscover a truly funny farce like Johnny Dangerously.<br /><br />After his mother has no end of medical problems little Johnny goes to work for the mob. What fallows is a series of gags most of which work there are however the occasional flops. But a foreign gangster who can't master the American language (profanity wise at least) a rival gangster with a penchant for shooting his mouth off (...once!) a younger brother with the D.A. who is out to get Johhny Dangerously and a hot young starlet hot for his affections have Johnny busy.<br /><br />And the viewer will be busy laughing for the most part as every gangster-movie clichÃƒÂ© is skewered by a talented cast and decent writing.<br /><br />Not perfect by a long shot but definitely good for a smile on a bad day.
critique4708 Great film. No gratuitous gimmicks like in most Hollywood films. Everything supported the suspense of the plot. B&w gave it a basic no-frills feel also. In short it was visceral in its simplicity of cinematography and cast.<br /><br />Following serves as an interesting contrast to Memento. Characters in both used manipulation and subterfuge extensively. In that sense both reminded me somewhat of "In the Company of Men" also highly recommendable. One difference between Nolan's two films is that Memento was a little easier for me to follow given that the b&w scenes progress in a constant chronological direction and so do those in color. I don't think that was true of Following where scenes seemed to be shown at random. If you have the choice between VCR and DVD I'd highly recommend DVD since that gives you the option of watching the movie a second time in chronological order not just in the scrambled (albeit ingenuous) order presented by Nolan. It also makes it easier upon a second viewing to piece the order together for yourself if you want to.<br /><br />As another viewer noted one of the best things about both this movie and Memento is that none of the cast were famous. They were characters not big-name actors who brought in personas developed in other movies.<br /><br />Given certain similarities in the plots I wonder if Memento is sort of a remake of Following but intended to reach a bigger audience like Edward Burns made She's the One in the mold of -- and with largely the same cast as -- The Brothers McMullan.
critique4709 If you've never been "Tromatized" this is the Troma movie to see first. Amazing acting supercharged soundtrack and bust-a-gut humor blend perfectly with Troma's unique brand of storytelling and special effects. Despite straying from a word for word retelling of Romeo and Juliet the fact that it stays in iambic pentameter gives you the odd feeling that it's closer to Shakespeare than that overdone music video with DiCaprio and Danes. I assumed I'd seen the ultimate Shakespearian comedy when the cast of Moonlighting overhauled The Taming of the Shrew but nothing comes close to Tromeo and Juliet. I strongly recommend the DVD version which contains a second audio track with director Lloyd Kaufman which is just as entertaining as the main track.
critique4710 I don't know if it was the directors intent to make sure the sky was almost always sunny and beautiful in this film. Perhaps that is the romantic image many Americans have of the time this film is set as it is in the middle of the War Macy has returned from the war (His neighbor asks "Hey is it true you got a Fritz over there?") and is trying to get on with his life but one day he gets a new pair of glasses (hence the name) and sees things clearly as the surrounding situation reveals itself to be one of rabid anti-semitism and Macy and Dern could wrapped up in it. Funny how neither is Jewish in this film but the accusation is made. Also it is historically accurate as the labor union Democrats of this time wrapped themselves in the flags of America and God. Macy is continually pestered to come to the "meeting". His presence brings unexpected results.<br /><br />Applying this time frame to today is a study in contrast. In 2005 has undergone a complete reversal with average citizens who have taken patriotism and religion as their unifier supporting the Republican Party and viewing organized labor as part of left-wing 'unpatriotic' America.<br /><br />A great picture to watch if you care to see the friendly timid and meek Macy (played beautifully by him) get caught in the carnage of race and hate in the mid 40's in NYC.<br /><br />A tough emotionally charged film.
critique4711 This movie is so wonderful it's hard to find words to describe it. This is the only time I can't decide which was better the book or the movie.<br /><br />Whoopi Goldberg is awesome and Oprah Winfrey such a good actress she could be funny happy and miserable all at the same time. All together the movie was well directed by Steven Speilberg and should not be passed up. 9/10
critique4712 Venice in 1596.Jews are separated from the good Christians.Bassanio a young but poor Venetian loves the fair Portia who is a wealthy heiress.So he approaches his friend a merchant called Antonio for three thousand ducats to travel to Belmont and propose Portia.All of Antonio's ships and merchandise are busy at sea so he turns to the moneylender Shylock the one of Jewish faith.Shylock does not like Antonio for he spat on his face.He offers Antonio a three-month loan at no interest but if he will not pay the money in that time he will own a pound of his flesh.Also Shylock's daughter Jessica elopes with the Christian Lorenzo.The Merchant of Venice is based on William Shakespeare's play that's believed to have written between 1596 and 1598.I read the play last summer and now I've seen the movie made in 2004 by Michael Radford.I liked the play and I don't quite agree with the accusations of it being anti-Semitic.The Jewish character does not appear as an inhuman monster even though he's ready to cut a piece of Antonio's flesh.There's a lot of depth in his character which all comes out in his speech where he asks "If you prick us do we not bleed?" and so forth.There is much more human in Shylock's character than in one of Antonio's who spits on the good Jew.Al Pacino is unbeatable as Shylock.He gives such a strong performance.Jeremy Irons is also terrific as Antonio.Lynn Collins is most beautiful and brilliant in the role of Portia.Zuleikha Robinson does great job as Jessica and Charlie Cox as Lorenzo is also very good.Kris Marshall plays Gratiano and he does a good job.In the role of Nerissa we see Heather Goldenhersh.Mackenzie Crook plays Launcelot Gobbo.As in Shakespeare plays usually also this one contains most brilliant dialogue.The movie paints a fantastic portray of the era.It deals with some great issues in a Shakespearian way.
critique4713 This Belgian film directed by Tom Barman singer of the well-known group dEUS will not be favoured by everyone. For the simple reason that there isn't a clear story or even a plot. This movie just shows 24 hours in "a city" (here Antwerp) and allows you to watch and truly enjoy the dialogues the directing the humorous (Dario! the osteopath Bruno! ...) and tragic (Windman Paul Garcin ...) characters.<br /><br />There are several memorable scenes: the Windman on the beach the dance party at the end the KISS-fan Windman visits the osteopath...<br /><br />Clearly some other viewers didn't understand what's so beautiful and interesting in this movie. They complain that this movie has no story etc. But it's the atmosphere that keeps you watching and that will drag you into it.<br /><br />If you didn't watch it yet be sure to listen carefully to the music. The soundtrack is extraordinary just like Tom Barman and his group dEUS.<br /><br />And "ssst mondje dicht hÃƒÂ©." (don't tell anyone)
critique4714 I began watching a replay of this TV movie on a Sunday afternoon thinking it was just another dumb airplane disaster flick. I was wrong.<br /><br />"Pandora's Clock" is an intelligent political thriller that is far beyond the quality of most TV movies. It could just as easily have made its debut on the big screen.<br /><br />The cast is excellent including veteran actors Richard Dean Anderson Edward Herrmann Robert Guillaume and Robert Loggia. Daphne Zuniga turns in one of her best performances as a medical specialist working for the CIA and Frasier's Jane Leeves is also very good. <br /><br />The dialogue is well-written and the story is compelling throughout. In fact the final hour is so filled with plot twists and suspense that you can't leave your seat for a second. If you get a chance to see this movie invest the time -- nearly four hours. You will be richly rewarded!
critique4715 I watched this movie after seeing it on Broadway. I love the Broadway musical and I love the movie. I watched the movie like it was not related to the Broadway show. I am an avid reader and have seen what happens to most books when they are turned into movies so I developed a philosophy really early. Assume that the movie is going to be based on the book ( or musical in this case) but that while the story line may be similar it will not be the same it will be different so watch it for what it is.<br /><br />I danced for 12 years before I had to make a choice. I was a good dancer( picking up chorus work in local productions as a child etc) but I wasn't super talented.I was however super talented as a show rider. I was told by my dance instructor and my trainer ( who i spent several months a year at his farm out of state) that I had to make a choice when I turned 14. That I needed to move up from dancing two hours four-five days a week and riding 3 hours a day 7 days a week.. and dedicate to one or the other. So I dearly love dancing and I love this movie and a lot of the other ballet and dance movies. I just chose to watch this movie for what it is it is a great movie about raw emotion and human interaction. It is about the power of anticipation and heartbreak when you work really hard to get something you want and you just do not get it. I love the movie. I love the Broadway musical.
critique4716 I was very curious about Anatomy (aka Anatomie) and if I was going to see it I was going to have to buy it since no video stores in my area carried the film. Since it was not a low-priced DVD I did take a chance and thought I'd take a peek at other comments on IMDb. Many of the comments didn't give me enough hope of forking out lots of bucks for a film I had never seen nor had any clues about. I basically got the idea it was a sexy youth-oriented romp being compared to many cookie-cutter teen thrillers. Well something in the back of my mind told me to ignore those types of comments and buy it! I did and was I pleasantly surprised!<br /><br />If it is going to be compared to any other films I would say it's a variation of Coma and Extreme Measures. I couldn't see any comparison to films like Scream Urban Legends et al. Yes the cast is young (that's because they're med students! At least they aren't the increasingly boring high school type characters) and yes some are lusty (basically the character played by Anna Loos is and it is handled quite tastefully in the German language version) but Anatomy is well constructed there is a tense mood throughout the sets are amazing the makeup effects are a wow and Franka Potente is very credible in her role. I found myself enjoying all of it despite a few gaping holes in the plot! The story of a student discovering a sort-of secret society doing autopsies on still-living patients is a rather creepy scenario and what happens to those patients afterwards is quite clever. Sure you could ask why didn't she just GET OUT OF THAT TOWN? Okay but then the film would be over within a half hour.<br /><br />This was the first effort from the German part of Columbia Pictures and it's actually quite an impressive one. There was a bit of care in the production and to actually offer some genuine thrills is an accomplishment. It is a bit mature in mind as it doesn't resort to constant opportunities for sexual encounters(a breast fest) or juvenile drug jokes. Anna Loos' character while often making sexual remarks and looking for some fun was actually a nice touch--having a character that was a woman more intelligent than any of the men in the school. She found that sex was really just a distraction for her and the men rather lacking.<br /><br />THE IMPORTANT STUFF: Watching this film in the original German language with English or French subtitles is the BEST way to enjoy it. I saw the theatrical trailers dubbed in English and was disgusted by the change it made in the film's tone. I have never seen a properly dubbed film in my life--they never can find voices that suit the film's actors or characters. Sure enough I tried to watch some of Anatomy dubbed in English and the intelligence level of it dropped severely making it seem more like a comedy. A good example is when one guy was freaked out at being cut open and screamed to be sewn back up--hearing it in German he sounded frantic but dubbed in English he sounded like a comedian. Frankly I'm sick of hearing people say they can't handle reading subtitles or watch a "letterboxed" film. Anatomy comes off as silly with dubbed voices that seem octaves too high for any of the people you see in the film and Anna Loos' sexual comments then just sound like awful remarks right out of Fast Times At Ridgemont High. I wonder if the negative comments about Anatomy are from people who watched it dubbed it just doesn't seem like the same film at all! This is not a cheap horror film and deserves to be viewed as it was created. Interesting to note that some of the English subtitles are different in scenes in the feature and the "making of" supplement.<br /><br />As it turns out I gambled and won with Anatomy. It's a competent thriller with likeable characters and doesn't try to go for cheap thrills.
critique4717 There was some hesitation from my part about what this movie had to offer. For starters the casting didn't seem right. Kiefer Sutherland had already done very well in "24" and the preview didn't seem to offer anything challenging to him or the audience. Eva Longoria appeared out of place and the rest didn't seem very interesting.<br /><br />When the film finally ended I was not completely displeased for I had seen a decent thriller that could have been much better had the responsible parties taken a little more care to watch for the narrative gaps and given a little more care to character development. We have seen threats of this type before and that made the main conflict much more challenging to the writers. As an audience we don't want to sit through the same old story again. We want to see something different be thrilled and entertained.<br /><br />There is nothing wrong with the casting. From Kim Basinger's delicious first lady. She carries herself with enough grace and sex appeal to make the part memorable. Michael Douglas has been and done that before. Unfortunately the president is much of a non entity to even care about his fate. Sutherland rehashes his "24" tough guy approach with enough power to make it big enough for the big screen and Eva does a passable job as the newcomer.<br /><br />Don't expect as many twists and fireworks as some of the established classics ("North by Northwest" and "The Fugitive" come to mind). Leave your expectations outside and enjoy the ride for whatever it might be. It's o.k.
critique4718 The Gymnast unfolds in short shots and short scenes revealing its characters and message over time. The spare editing is accompanied by a beautiful simple score. This intimate approach is wonderful for feeling like you're on a path of discovery as much as the characters are.<br /><br />The spare approach is also its drawback; there are a few scenes that are confusing because they don't have enough context. There are some decisions made by the characters that seemed rather flip until I watched the interviews that were in the bonus materials. I'm glad I did because the actors' descriptions of their motivations gave me a much more well- rounded understanding of the film overall.<br /><br />Aside from the story itself it was wonderful to see women so comfortable and strong in their own bodies. The shooting was very tastefully done; very matter-of-fact. One has the feeling of seeing a love story and a life story unfold not a voyeuristic sleaze film. The physicality of the athletes -- their realness -- is a great contrast to the sometimes ethereal nature of the plot.<br /><br />Not a film I'll need to see again anytime soon since the storyline is simple but its delivery is powerful enough to stay with me for a long time.
critique4719 In Stand By Me Vern and Teddy discuss who was tougher Superman or Mighty Mouse. My friends and I often discuss who would win a fight too. Sometimes we get absurd and compare guys like MacGyver and The Terminator or Rambo and Matrix. But now it seems that we discuss guys like Jackie Chan Bruce Lee and Jet Li. It is a pointless comparison seeing that Lee is dead but it is a fun one. And if you go by what we have seen from Jet Li in Lethal 4 and Black Mask you have to at least say that he would match up well against Chan. In this film he comes across as a martial arts God.<br /><br />Black Mask is about a man that was created along with many other men to be supreme fighting machines. Their only purpose is to win wars that other people lose. They are invincible in some ways. Now that is the premise for the film but what that does is sets up all the amazingly choreographed fight scenes.<br /><br />Jet Li is a marvel. He can do things with and to his body that no human being should be able to do. And that is what makes watching him so fun.<br /><br />Besides the martial arts in the film Black Mask is strong with humour and that is due to the chemistry that Jet has with his co-star the police officer. They are great together. But to be honest. if anyone is reading this review they want to know if the film is kick ass in the action department. And the answer to that is a resounding YES!!! Lots and lots of gory mindless action. You will love this film.
critique4720 Inspired by Hitchcock's STRANGERS ON A TRAIN concept of two men swapping murders in exchange for getting rid of the two people messing up their lives THROW MOMMA FROM THE TRAIN is an original and very inventive comedy take on the idea. It's a credit to Danny DeVito that he both wrote and starred in this minor comedy gem.<br /><br />ANNE RAMSEY is the mother who inspires the film's title and it's understandable why she gets under the skin of DANNY DeVITO with her sharp tongue and relentlessly putting him down for any minor infraction. BILLY CRYSTAL is the writer who's wife has stolen his book idea and is now being lionized as a great new author even appearing on the Oprah show to bask in adulation he should be enjoying. Thus DeVito gets the idea of swapping murders to rid themselves of these nuisance factors.<br /><br />Of course everything and anything can happen when writer Carl Reiner lets his imagination roam with unending ideas for how the plot develops. And it's amusing all the way through providing plenty of laughs and chuckles along the way as well as a good deal of suspense.<br /><br />For devotees of black comedy this one is guaranteed to please.
critique4721 Miyazaki has been doing his mojo since the 70s and it's only been recently that his movies have made it American shores via Disney and fans fawning over his great talent. Ponyo is no exception. Although some of his other movies have been a bit more accessible to US audiences some may find this one a bit on the fence being sort-of "Japanese" in its presentation. For the same reason Pom Poko is VERY "Japanese" and doesn't make much sense to US audiences so too are *some* elements of Ponyo. This should not detract you from watching this fun film of growth hope and friendship.<br /><br />What does come across well is Miyazaki's very elaborate and magical animation and story that has elements of wonder and fantasy. That coupled with his characteristic use of character development and often using girls and women as main characters. He steps out of his zone a bit with Ponyo as the main character is a little boy who lives in a small village by the sea with his mom while his dad is away at work on the high seas. Although not lonely Sosuke is just like any other curious boy who likes adventure and allure of the sea. Similar to Spirited Away we see the different worlds of the humans and the sea creatures and I feel that Miyazaki may be trying to draw the viewers attention to the vast and undiscovered nature of things that live beneath the sea and our acceptance of them and thing that are different.<br /><br />I managed to watch the subtitled version of this last year and was pleased by the story and plot. Miyazaki has claimed that "this is my last movie" for many years but shortly after Spirited Away he gave us Howl's Moving Castle. Ponyo is certainly proof that Miyazaki has not hung up his spurs and continues to delight innovate and pioneer the most creative animated movies of all time. Watch Ponyo with an open mind and a tip of the hat to childhood fantasy and imagination and you'll be transported back to when catching Fireflies and secret hiding places were more important than boring grown-up stuff and eating your vegetables.
critique4722 i am not exactly how sure the accuracy is with this movie but i can tell you that i was thoroughly entertained by this movie. the character of gustplayed perfectly by Phillip Seymour Hoffman was one of the most unique yet entertaining characters in recent memory. this movie informedyet managed to avoid preaching to the audience. it made me laugh made me sad made me feel alive and glad to be spending the time to watch the movie. it takes no time to understand what is going on and takes you on a roller coaster ride of genuine human emotion. i thought i knew my history apparently i didn't know it at all! i give this move 9 out of 10 and recommend it for all adults and young adults and the young at heart just not the young. but as soon as they are allowed to see "r" rated movies make it a priority.
critique4723 Despite excellent trailers for Vanilla Sky I was expecting to be disappointed by the film because I'd heard that it did not get great reviews. However I left the cinema completely in awe of how good Vanilla Sky is.<br /><br />There was no bad acting at all in the whole film every single character is believable. The romantic moments between Cruise's character David Aames and Cruz's character Sophia are tear-jerkingly realistic and intimate (probably due to the fact that they were a soon-to-be real-life couple).<br /><br />The plot of Vanilla Sky will confuse you in the last third of the film and there's very little chance of you guessing the ending. However ends are tied up towards the end leaving you with a strange mixture of feelings consisting of sadness shock and empathy for David Aames.<br /><br />The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout. This isn't that hard because chances are that you'll be completely drawn in to the film and won't take your eyes off the screen for one second.<br /><br />I usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film I just watch. But Vanilla Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it. I recommend it to anyone who wants a change from simple shallow films.
critique4724 This is one of the few movies of this type I have reviewed and enjoyed. While Clint Eastwood is his usual self the overall story works well even in the limits of Washington D.C.<br /><br />The theme: An assassin is tracking the president and there is only one person who may save him.<br /><br />It cannot be easy to make a film which audiences enjoy these days involving this arena. This film succeeds on several levels. Eastwood is his usual underplayed hero wanting to save the President since the Kennedy era. He does well in this role as does his foil Reneee Russo ( an FBI agent) Overall well-done and suspenseful with extra stars for Malkovich. 9/10.
critique4725 For those of you who like stand-up comedians you must have heard about George Carlin. He is really one of the best comedians alive so you must know him.<br /><br />But he died already God rest him in peace. Or Hell. He didn't believe too much in religion so he might as well chose Hell to live eternity. HAHA just joking don't take it serious!<br /><br />It's bad for ya! it's one of the latest works of George Carlin before his death--<br /><br />believe me one of his best works a must for any fan and an almost best-of of all George Carlin's jokes. It's not a best-of... but it's really amusing.<br /><br />It has less political and religious jokes. It's only to have a great time!<br /><br />Editing is very good. It's not a concert so it shouldn't have quick changing of shots... the slow fading to other shot was well done. Fading is the best option in terms of editing!
critique4726 This is a tepid docu-drama that covers no new ground reworks all the cliches and is sloppy with facts. For example Munich is a very flat city. So why is it hilly in the movie? For example the end of the Great War in 1918 was not a surrender but an armistice. Yet it is announced as a surrender. For example European news vendors did not (and do not) shout headlines as they hawk their papers. Yet this strictly American custom is employed in the film. For example the Nazis did not adopt the German eagle until after they had taken power but there it is on the lectern as Hitler delivers one of his stem winders. Indeed most of this disappointing production consists of little more than Hitlerian oratory. The movie also perpetuates the myth that the beer hall putsch was hatched at the Munich Hoffbrauhaus. It was not. Robert Carlyle does a fine portrayal of his subject. But his supporting cast is adequate at best and very often not even that. These comments are based on the first episode only. One only can hope the second will be better but don't bet on it.
critique4727 Interesting story and sympathetic treatment of racial discrimination Son of the Gods is rather too long and contains some hammy acting but on the whole remains a fascinating film.<br /><br />Story about a Chinese passing as White (Rchard Barthelmess) starts as Barthelmess leaves college after being insulted by a trio of brainless co-eds. He embarks on a world tour to discover himself and ends up as secretary to a British playwright (Claude King). In Monte Carlo he meets beautiful Alanna Wagner (Constance Bennett) and they fall in love. But when she discovers he is Chinese she goes berserk in a memorable scene.<br /><br />Plagued by guilt and love Alanna goes into a mental spiral and makes a few attempts to contact Barthelmess. After his father dies he takes over the business (banking?) and dons Chinese garb as a symbol of his hatred of the White race that has spurned him. After a San Francisco detective tells him the truth about his birth Barthelmess makes the decision to honor his Chinese father and mother.<br /><br />And I agree that one reviewer here never saw this film. Alanna declares her love for Sam BEFORE he tells her of his recent discovery. And that makes all the difference in this film.<br /><br />Barthelmess and Bennett each have a few scenes where they chew the scenery but on the whole this is a solid and interesting drama. Frank Albertson is good as the nice college pal Claude King is solid as the playwright Bathurst Bess Flowers has one scene as an Oklahoma Indian and E. Alyn Warren is the Chinese father Dorothy Mathews is nasty Alice. Not so good are Anders Randolf as Bennett's father and Mildred Van Dorn as Eileen. Also note the gorgeous blonde to the right of Barthelmess at the roulette table. What a stunner whoever she was!
critique4728 The Outsiders is undoubtedly a classic Australian TV series. Well defined characters tight scripts varied and interesting locales great guest stars and a filmic ambiance all combined to make this series a special one.<br /><br />Sadly Andrew Keir has passed on & Sascha Hehn from Germany does not appear (unfortunately) to have enjoyed small screen success in his native country. The ABC has repeated the series many times yet a DVD release is yet to happen.<br /><br />The series is one which is timeless. It is as likely to strike a resonant chord with viewers today as it did in its own day. Come on ABC...release The Outsiders on DVD!!!!!
critique4729 Once again John Madden has given us a magnificent film. A simple but beautiful story located in a real paradise and the music can't be better Stephen Warbeck delights us once more and good actings but.........why on earth is Penelope Cruz in this film? I asked myself that same question while watching this movie. Of course her greek accent is not believable she's uncapable of acting decently not even in one scene. Not even at the end she did a good job after so many events after years she finally gets to see Corelli again and she couldn't change the same face of stupidy we had to bear during the whole film. Anyway Cage was very good in one of his best characters; Hurt also is great in his and the rest of the cast all did a great job so the final result is a movie that really is worth of watching. This is a beautiful film that not even Mrs. Cruz was able to spoil. So far I think it's Madden best work so no fan will be disappointed.
critique4730 I loved this movie. In fact I loved being an actress in this movie. Iwas featured as a pregnant teenager in the second half of the movie. You may remember me more clearly in the classroom scene when the werewolf was exposing himself on film. I was the female in the front row with my hands planted on my face in reaction to what we were watching on the movie projector. In fact they double took me a few times so it's hard to miss that mistake. Thumbs up to Full Moon High. Wish it come to cable soon. Cheryl Lockett Alexander Leesville Louisiana I loved this movie. In fact I loved being an actress in this movie. Iwas featured as a pregnant teenager in the second half of the movie. You may remember me more clearly in the classroom scene when the werewolf was exposing himself on film. I was the female in the front row with my hands planted on my face in reaction to what we were watching on the movie projector. In fact they double took me a few times so it's hard to miss that mistake. Thumbs up to Full Moon High. Wish it come to cable soon. Cheryl Lockett Alexander<br /><br />Leesville Louisiana
critique4731 After you have seen enough movies there is very little that doesn't remind you of other movies. Nevertheless this was a watchable if somewhat disturbing film. I had to shut it off from time to time and come back to it later. Like "Silence of the Lambs" it features the search for a serial killer who has abducted someone and has confined her to his chamber of horrors Like "Flatliners" the main character explores a dream world through an experimental procedure. The surrealism of the dream sequences is what makes this film as one finds the characters in a situation and landscape in which literally anything can happen. And beyond this continuity and "making sense" are not necessary which makes it a film-maker's dream too.<br /><br />The only thing that seems a bit off is the fact that in the end one hopes for the redemption of the serial killer or the exorcism of his demons. You actually feel sympathy for the little boy inside the man but clearly the innocence of the boy cannot be separated from horrible deeds of the man. The focus swings as it must from saving the man to saving his victim.
critique4732 Anton Newcombe makes the film and he is the main subject. Watching him knock up a song if not a whole album quickly showed the guy to be a real talent. He thinks he is god but is so prollific and interesting. The DW are not really that interesting in comparison musicly or otherwise. "Hey do you haver a drivers license?" Anton says to the cameraman "Well lets go pawn this guitar!". Great use of archive/ home video material. Great to see rock docs still being made. A cool doc about the creative process. If you like this go see Nirvana Live! Tonight! Sold Out! on DVD. A good experience Anton is this film. 8 out of 10
critique4733 If you enjoy suspense this movie has it. The fact that Marina Zudina portrays a mute adds to her haplessness and increases the suspense. Alec Guiness's appearance was nice but didn't really add to the movie. I'm not sure if Evan Richard's part as Andy Clarke was an attempt to add a little humor or if he was supposed to just be a bumbling idiot. I thought the cinematography was excellent. This added not just to the quality of the production but to the suspense as well. The bathtub seen with the water droplets in slow motion was wonderful. Also the scene where the knife comes down and then it switches to Andy Clarke cutting an extremely rare piece of meat was very well done. I would call it overall good entertainment
critique4734 Wow. A truly fantastic 'trip' movie that has tons of super-surreal imagery dark intent and a black pretty strange sense of how cartoon animals must see the world. It's populated with a very cute off-world bunch of characters that bend and flow with warped backgrounds.As with all cool fantasy the wandering plot is secondary to the eye-popping visuals and we follow a little cat and his zombie sister as they encounter death deluge water elephants samurai swordsmen and pigs that fish. I'd never heard of it but now I love it - probably because it reminded me of the surreal pencil-work of American cartoonist; Bill Plympton. It's a demented delight for fans of odd pretty things and it had me glued to the screen for fear I'd miss something amazing. Simply put it's 'Hello Kitty' without the 'o'.
critique4735 This was my late wife's favorite film. I'm sorry she did not live long enough to have the video as I'm sure she would have worn it out. What can we say? A great romantic story and the push off of two great men the Raisuli and Teddy Rex. Sean Connery and Brian Keith are great in these roles. But while Connery is his usual sexy sex it's the late Brian Keith who gives us a solid performance as the mercurial Teddy Roosevelt. Back up is provided with Candy Bergen gorgeous in her early 30s as the kidnapped American widow. Great back-up also comes from the great John Huston as Teddy's beleaguered SecState John Hay; Geoffrey Lewis from the Clint Eastwood films is great as the hesitant US Ambassador Gummere; the late Vladek Sheybal with his demonically evil stare is great as the Beshaw and more is given by Steve Kanaly and Roy Jensen whose faces we have seen in several backgrounds. All in all this is a film filled with wonderful romance mindful of an era long gone. Mindless story? Not at all. The issue of big nations pushing around smaller ones for their own hegemonical interests is as true today as it was then. Overly romantic? Not really-- certainly not maudlin in any sense. Fun to watch? You bet. I own the video and will watch it again and again. I suggest you do the same.
critique4736 This excellent musical movie in beautiful Technicolor is so wonderful it's enough to make every person of Irish descent feel proud. Full of the joy and celebration of all things Irish a fine cast with brilliant settings and superb theatrical trappings lovely Irish music and the superlative Irish tenor voice of star Dennis Morgan 'tis the luck o' the Irish to have such a marvelous movie to enjoy over and over again! Not just just for St. Patty's Day mind you but for all year round.<br /><br />One of the jewels produced by Jack L. Warner during his heyday as studio boss in Burbank in the 1940s.<br /><br />Shame on Warner Brothers for not having this fine picture available on home video and DVD!
critique4737 Caught this film at the Arizona International Film Festival. I wasn't expecting a lot (though the festival's director told me it was one of the best films submitted). Five minutes into it I was sold. Shot in B & W on a shoestring budget this film is hilarious. The acting is solid the writing is solid and the look of the film is solid. The acting is probably the biggest revelation since most films shot on low budgets tend to have amateur or stagey acting. Not this one. It features one of the most convincing endearing and funny portrayals of a character with Tourette's Syndrome I've ever seen. The plot is convoluted without being confusing and raunchy without being gratuitous. If you get the chance see this movie. Filmmakers like Majkowski (hope I got that right) deserve the chance to strut their stuff to a wider audience.
critique4738 As spectacle it's hard to fault Nihon chinbotsu. The Japanese people have benefited from their intimate relationship with the sea and the concept of the film implies that an entire world and way of life at risk - thanks to its volcanic heritage. From the standpoint of reality it's rather silly to have a drama wherein the entirety of Japan vanishes under the waves; why just Japan? <br /><br />So presume instead that we have movie reality fueled by spectacle (and popcorn) and some may find this quite affecting. Compared to adventures with Japanese radioactive monsters this comes off as more mature and better paced. The emotional element is underplayed and it really works. (It loses a bit with the overblown theme song at the climax however.)<br /><br />Is Nihon chinbotsu credible? Probably not but the thrilling eruptions and the relaxed pacing make for a more pleasing entertainment that one night expect.
critique4739 Having worked professionally with young girls on the run I found this film surprisingly authentic. I would never have found it had a friend not loaned his videotape. There are classic themes here: Coming of Age Mother/Daughter Estrangement The Limited Choices of the Underprivileged Who is the Good Samaritan Tragedy is in Every Life & the many layers or relationships. Flashbacks are meaningful (when Alice acquires a gun we know she has some familiarity with how to use it) and it does not end in clichÃƒÂ©. The cast really "sells" their roles. It is adult material and the audio is a bit too grainy. Allow it 15 minutes to so to draw you in.
critique4740 It is always great to see a movie that teaches us about history in Africa as they are definitely too few. However the movie depicts Lumumba as a political leader who wanted the new independent country to be the same as the old colonialist one... I felt it hard to sympathise with this kind of leadership yet the movie is somewhat like a homage to the man. There was too little content explaining how the man got to rise in the first place and the whole context of Belgium "letting them go". So it is certainly worth going to see as the acting and photography are excellent especially Mobutu himself. I would just have liked a better political analysis.
critique4741 The Beguiled is a pretty satisfying film for those who are after the things above. For Clint Eastwood's die-hard fans it will be a disappointment. Although Eastwood does his best here in his so atypical role (except for the fact that his character is a charming womanizer which he isn't so unacquainted with) the ambiguous nature of his character which goes from being a sort of fallen hero to a manipulative and insatiable woman eater (to put it that way) will eventually be too much to handle for anyone used to see him play heroes in the best western tradition morally a bit unclean but still without that dark side. I think he manages to pull this unlikely part off but those who really steal the show are the two rivalising women the schoolmistress Geraldine Page and the head of the students played by Elizabeth Hartman.<br /><br />We see that there is a potential devil in every man and a potential witch in every woman especially when it comes to sexuality and sexual desire. Hartman's Edwina is the sweetest most innocent girl in the world until she becomes infatuated with John McBurney and becomes possessive of him. This is what causes tragedy as well as the headmistress' secret lust the forbidden fruit. She carries a great and ugly secret about her incestuous relationship with her brother whom she clearly idolizes still. The fourth factor in this "unholy" love spiral is the wicked Carol played by Jo Ann Harris who lures John away from his crush on Edwina and into her bed.<br /><br />The whole nature of the story gives this film a sort of Gothic feel which makes it a pretty rare thing in the Western genre but a popular thing in the movies of the 70's. A unique achievement by the Siegel/Eastwood team and a movie not for the faint hearted.
critique4742 so i won't disagree with the critics but I really was not all that moved by this movie. i was a little hesitant to rent itas I am going through some of the same things the protagonist is supposed to be experiencing. yet i did rent it thinking that I might experience some catharsis or at the least understand that I am not alone. while i understood the protagonist's irritation with his careless cousin I didn't feel his internal struggle with isolation as much as I would have liked. i felt that much more emphasis was placed on his disruptive cousin overstaying his welcome. it is a beautifully filmed movie and I did really appreciate the use of silence to bring out the feeling of isolation.
critique4743 Babette's Feast for me is about healing: mending the schism between spirit and body in orthodox Christianity. This puritanical community in remote Denmark is missing an adequate appreciation of all of God's gifts in creation. They have taken the dualism of St. Paul to an extreme and stress the life of the "spirit" not the life of the "flesh." Both elderly sisters in their youth were frightened by the lure of love and the temptations of life outside their simple village. They and their parishioners cling to the narrow biblical interpretation of their former leader and the sisters' father. The aging congregation has become testy and quarrelsome and the sisters don't know what to do. Enter Babette a French stranger and someone to whom they can show kindness. They have no way of knowing that she will ultimately return their kindness and give fertile soil to their dry dusty theology. Babette will give everything she has and in the process will teach the sisters and their flock about grace about sacrifice about how sensual experience (as in the bread and wine of the Eucharist) can change lives and about why true art moves us so deeply. When they can forgive each other and themselves they can focus on God's love that unfolds before them in a concrete way in the present. As a minister and an artist I can't recommend a movie more highly. True art and true grace!!
critique4744 Didn't Mystic Pizza win the Oscar for that year? This movie never had a chance due to the casting but perhaps by now people can see why I felt that way upon leaving the theater. Only "Wargames" left me feeling similarly disturbed after leaving the theater with the feeling I was getting a glimpse of our future. History has shown that this is exactly what happened.<br /><br />The casting is a pop-culture Cuisinart of the 1980s: you get Arnold as Ben Richards the framed fugitive offered a chance to "run" for his freedom on the game show with the same title as the movie; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian treating his role as if he were the host of Family Feud with the contestants using real guns; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and co-wrestler Professor Tanaka as "Subzero" both "stalkers" who kill the "running men." Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) show up while the "dancers of the future" are none other than the Laker Girls. This movie SCREAMS "80s." The plot is a good excuse for the action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence but agrees to be the Running Man when he is told that his buddies would be set free; instead they join him as "contestants." Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard by which one can properly judge Salma Hayek in the 1990s.<br /><br />The production value on the film was a bit poor the lines were cheesy and (at the time) the plot seemed a bit far-fetched. I remember thinking when I was leaving the theater that we were definitely heading in the direction of the film but who could have seen how far we'd go there and how fast? If The Running Man were listed in TV Guide most people would assume it were just another reality show pushing the envelope today. The government influences on the media have only gotten worse and the dumbed-down American public of the future that surrenders all of its freedoms for "national security" is downright chilling. Ben Richards is played brilliantly by Arnold as one of the few remaining holdouts against a government tyranny that the rest of America is all too willing to accept in return for good television and some parting gifts for the audience.<br /><br />The movie was way over the top maybe even off the cliff for its time but as with Back to the Future III the "ravine" it appeared to be sinking itself into in 1987 was replaced by completed tracks in 2006 and beyond and this movie will sail into the future as one of the more prophetic films of our time. It is tragic that as with Wargames the academy did not give this brilliant screenplay the recognition it deserved. "Serious" actors acting seriously while being so pretentious that you want to throw up may win more Oscars but that doesn't make them better films than their "common man" counterparts such as this one.<br /><br />An absolute must-see.
critique4745 Adapted from Sam Shepard's play this movie retains many play-like elements such as a relatively fixed setting (a roadside 50's motel in the Southwest) and extensive intriguing dialogues. A woman "May" is hounded by a man "Eddie" (played by Sam Shepard). She tries to hide from him in the out-of-the-way motel but he finds her. The film explores the history of their relationship mainly from their childhoods that has led them to this point. It's very easy to feel sympathy for the characters and to understand that their dysfunctional present relationship is a result of past events out of their control. We mainly watch them fight make up fight make up and so on. One image that stands out in my mind is of Eddie hauling May over his shoulder kicking and screaming taking her somewhere she doesn't want to go.<br /><br />The soundtrack is also perfect soulful country with vocals by a lesser known artist "Sandy Rogers". She has this country doll voice that almost yodels at some points in the album! This is the kind of movie that will stay lodged in some part of your brain/soul. In other words go see it!
critique4746 The fact that after 50 years it is still a highly watchable movie says a lot about it. It is more intelligent and interesting than almost all recent movies of the same genre you can find and has a certain endearing feeling of innocence to it. I am not a big fan of this type of movies but I could watch the whole thing without being bored which makes it a good movie to watch with someone who does not necessarily share your taste in films. I liked the black and white palette the excellent casting the clever heist scene that keeps you guessing about what trick they will pull next and the ending like everyone else. Watching the heist sequence makes one realize the power of silence which is unfortunately so underused in today's cinema.
critique4747 The barbarians maybeÃ‚Â´s not the best film that anybody of us have seen but really????........ItÃ‚Â´s so funny......I canÃ‚Â´t discribe how mutch I laughed when I first saw it..The director really wanted to do a serious adventure movie but itÃ‚Â´sso misirable bad....so bad that itÃ‚Â´s one of the funniest movies IÃ‚Â´ve ever seen......so my advise is that you should see it.....and if you alredy did se it again!!!!!!!
critique4748 Broadway and film actor-turned-director John Cassavetes (from Rosemary's Baby)creates a masterpiece with this 1977 film. It stars Gena Rowlands John Cassavetes himself Ben Gazzara Joan Blondell Paul Stewart Zohra Lampert Laura Johnson and there is a cameo by Peter Falk. The premise of the film: An aging stage and film actress (Gena Rowlands)re-evaluates her life after an obscessed fan dies in a car accident trying to get her autograph. The movie has a slow pace and a dark moody frightening quality. It has a 60's cinematic look and it even reminded me of Polanski's Rosemary's Baby without the supernatural horror. The fears here are the ones every successful actress has- she is getting old and she will become useless in her career. Furthermore she feels she has lived a life that lacks any true spirituality humanity and merit. She has lived only for her career- she has no children doesn't do charitable deeds etc. The gradual disintegration of her personality is the meat of this film. She is falling apart. She's in a crisis. Gena Rowlands really gets into the character's tormented psyche and acts the part quite well. She is a terrific actress and this 70's film is a refreshing contrast to the often violent films of the period and or the disaster movies or adventure thrillers. It's a movie with lots of deep-seated emotion but has a cold cynical feeling as if Cassavetes is criticizing the mainstream movies and actors of the 70's generation. Either that or this movie is a product of the 70's which was itself cynical in many aspects- Nixon's deception Watergate Vietnam etc. Although the production values are not great and this film is not well-known it's a very haunting film with haunting moods. Kudos to the underrated and late director Cassavetes who died in the late 80's.
critique4749 This movie describes the life of somebody who grew up in the worst of circumstances but unlike many people he actually grew up to be a respectable person. Whats more is that this is a true story.<br /><br />Antwone Fisher is so innocent and yet he was abused such just because he was not white. Antwone Fisher has been married to the same women for ten years and he never fooled around with women coke cigars weed alcohol or any of those things that are very popular in the places he was growing up. <br /><br />There is not much more to say about this movie it is excellent. The only rating I can give it is a 10/10.
critique4750 After getting hooked on the mini series "North & South" I could hardly wait for the continuation "North & South II." Then years later along came Book III "HEAVEN & HELL - NORTH & SOUTH - BOOK III." FINALLY the last installment came for the on-going saga of the Maine and Hazard families. I was so enraptured by this series that I taped each part off of TV and then managed to get family and friends hooked and I watched it AGAIN each time someone new wanted to see them. My tapes are old and I crave this trilogy on DVD. If you missed Book III you didn't get full satisfaction and you don't know how it all turned out. Do yourself a favor and demand this set on DVD!
critique4751 When I saw this movie first it was long ago on VHS-Video. I did like this movie because it was funny and excitingly. Some years ago I saw another movie called: *Andy Colby's Incredible Adventure* In this movie were parts of *Wizards of the lost kingdom* used in. They called this movie "KOR the conquerer". I began to search for the "KOR"-Movie many years because I wanted to see the complete movie not only the parts which were used in the *Andy Colby*-Movie. No shop had this Kor-Movie to rent and no shop did know this movie. Many years I watched my old VHS-tapes I had at home and what a wonder... I had this movie since many years still at home but the movie had a different title because in Germany it has 3 or 4 titles. So I was happy to find this tape at home and this time I had much more time in watching *KOR the Conquerer again. The music is great during the hole movie but the best part of filming in combination with the music is this moment when KOR is walking drunken through the green forrest. The music in the background had some kind of magic. I like Bo Svenson and also the boy who played Simon in the movie. Both of them did their job very good. Manfred Kraatz Germany 26.10.2004. Thanks to all for reading my comment.
critique4752 First i gotta say that this film is way less pretentious than The Da Vinci Code. sure you have the religion vs science problem but it doesn't try to make a big statement about it. its basically an action thriller that moves from one scene to another very well. one scene particularly (that involves fire) i found extremely well done. <br /><br />Second the changes from book to film. although when i was following the development of the film i complained about the change of some characters and the complete removal of others i gotta admit i was wrong. it was refreshing that the film didn't follow the book in exactly the same way like it was done in Da Vinci. if you are a purist of the book some of them may upset you though. However the BIG TWIST is still there so don't worry about that. finally i'm glad they removed some silly sub-plots and didn't even try to hint at the possibility of Langdon and Vittoria getting together. <br /><br />The performances are really good but nothing out of the ordinary. that's okay for a film like this. <br /><br />i'd give it a 9/10 mainly because it delivers what it promises entertainment pure entertainment
critique4753 This movie was very good. I really enjoyed it. Tom McCamus' performance was excellent and very believable as the consumptive son Edmund. I also enjoyed the set design (house) and the costumes.
critique4754 If you still remember that summer when you had your first kiss first boy/girlfriend or first puppy love fling...this film is for you! OK so this movie would and will never win an Oscar BUT as a Dominican I loved it...there are some things in the movie that might just go right over your head if you are not part of the culture...the kids being raised by a grandma who's both mother and father the youngest son being babied and bathed with a Cafe Bustelo tin (sooo Dominican!) Judy being harassed by the neighborhood men going to church and lighting a prayer candle...the film's brilliance was in those small details. Granted it was not a pull out all the works cinematic extravaganza but it wasn't meant to be NOR was it meant to be an educational tool for those wanting to learn about Latin culture ( tip: make new friends instead). More of a bitter-sweet faux-cumentery this film kept it real without taking itself too seriously. As in the tradition of "Y Tu Mama Tambien" this was simply one boy's coming of age tale. I recommend it (especialmente si eres Dominicano!) =o)
critique4755 This spectacular film is one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen. It shows a China I had never seen or imagined and I believe it shows 1930's China in the most REAL light ever seen in a movie. It is absolutely heart-breaking in so many situations seeing how hard life was for the characters and yet the story and the ending are incredibly joyful. You truly see the depths and heigths of human existence in this film. The actors are all perfect such that you feel like you have really entered a different world. <br /><br />I simply can not recommend this movie highly enough. It may just change you forever once you have seen it.
critique4756 The year is 1964. Ernesto "Che" Guevara having been a Cuban citizen for the last five yearsdisappears from the face of the Earthleaving a glum Fidel Castro to announce that he is probably deadwhen in truth he has left Cuba to move to Bolivia to live an assumed identity. Whilst living in La PazGuevara undertakes an idea to overthrow the corruptbourgeois government there. Once againSteven Soderberg takes up where 'Che:Part One' leaves off (only better this time). The pacing is more on targetthe job of acting is ever so fine (including a turn by a sickly looking Benecio Del Toroas Che Guevara). Suffice it to sayit's probably best if you see both filmsto get the true story of Guevara & what kind of a man he was (I had the rare open window of opportunity to see both films at one screening----talk about a long haul!). As with 'Che-Part 1:The Argentine'this film has no MPAA rating but contains enough salty language & violence to easily snag it an 'R'.
critique4757 A wonderful family movie & a beautiful horse movie. 75+ %entertainment. Casey Buddy Kelly Marsh are very interesting and lovable characters. The horses are real beauties.<br /><br />Has the horse racing as a backdrop for showing how luck is sometimes nothing but some good commonsense. Shows how kids can do stupid things for stupid reasons. Shows how adults can do stupid things for selfish reasons. The very realistically portrayed characters transform the unrealistic theme of the film into something everyone can relate to.<br /><br />Andrew Rubin puts in a wonderful performance as Buddythe sensible elder brother. Somewhat reminded me of Aidan Quinn(eyes speech delivery facial appearance). <br /><br />Casey makes you fall in love with the character because of the earnestness. Sarah Blue is also nicely portrayed by Alexis Smith. Lloyd Bourdelle the father is played by Walter Matthau and he IS the character.<br /><br />Though there is room for improvement in the movie its a very enjoyable feel-good movie.
critique4758 There is a solid group of people that have lives like this girl going through the admissions process at school. The parental absence at all important junctures in Lauren Ambrose's school search provide admissions interviews only and draws the interviews with them at below transcript quality review that in 30 minutes sabotages four years of high school grading. The incident of anger in her mother obviously block a mothers display of possible physical abuse of her or her disabled sister at one time or another; thus masking her Mother's truer involvement in family losses. The daughter Lauren really has done something big - trying to make her mother fulfilled and then that plan itself somewhat heroic in light of the age she is - still giving when everyone around her taking somersaults on her. A heart not yet connected to her head - something that age has never had a genuine answer to even to this day. Her replacement of a significant other not necessarily requiring a father image however a trusted authority nonetheless being imagined if not real. A pure cup without a handler .......(see the movie). Everyone needs a friend to see through understanding of a proportional world - she made hers up on what she knew of life at the time. She has all the mental capacity for higher learning though having no friends present for her time makes the ending a developmental tragedy in progress ... given a bird in a cage... not a puppy... that would a least get her walking two times a day. Ideas out of the roof she is under would be the developing on her sidewalk life. Sad is the looming psychiatric ending... how could she be committed at a time when she has proved an important responsibility? (believe it or not taking of a dog is a better witness than taking care of a bird at this time of her life) The symbolic cage of her in a cage is too much mental and self fulfilling of some of her writings within the story. The neighbor college freshman is developed just fine he is as developed as the training education will allow for the mental maturity that dwarfs her eternal purpose compared to his fateful conditioning. I myself eventually just went to the Mensa magazine and got a $20.00 degree saying I was an (Hon)DDiv. It offered all the education that buying the truth would and independence to skip fecal content. "Run the world" or do not get your own home was the college offer. Who was freeing anyone for superior time for the learning? The only sin is not having your pleasure right. What fight figged on that? She has been denied an act for life commensurate to her love for life. What is college a reward for failing high school? Do you graduate with your class or without it - what is the exchange? A lifetime of correcting youth with only questions? Could lead occur w/o a question? The loss followed as much for good as bad. When was she given a mind for sexual intimacy or growth for her good self to be fulfilled? Why didn't good people treat her with good things? If good people do not do good things for good people what is good for? She is young pretty and walked on long before personal development is given a winning game. Her act taken in life with a closed door. Perhaps the title would be better as "Christmas Doors" not "Admissions".
critique4759 Gary Cooper and a marshal change identities since they both agree Cooper would be more efficient facing the outlaws. What is remarkable in this film are the costumes both the marshalÃ‚Â´s and Steve CochranÃ‚Â´s who is the bad guy. Cochran wears his guns backwards probably to be able to crossdraw. The film starts quite excitingly with a showdown with Wild Bill Hickok. Ruth Roman looking very pretty is the marshalÃ‚Â´s fiancee. There is plenty of action never a dull moment but you have to concentrate because the story is a bit complicated. Good entertainment.
critique4760 Susie Q. is one of those rare and sweet movies that give you a warm feeling. It's bittersweet but wholesome and it's characters are fun and captivating. At first I thought the movie would be the clichÃƒÂ© cuddly movie that would bore me after five minutes but was I wrong. It made me tear up at times and it's plot was enticing making me root for the good guys. I loved the movie and still remember it today 9 years later!! I recommend it highly to ANYONE and the movie is family oriented so you won't have to worry about unsuitable content. Truly if Disney would show more movies that are up to par as Susie Q. it would be the most popular family oriented channel in the world. Now if only Disney would show it just ONE more time!^_^ Go Susie Q.!!
critique4761 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique4762 This is a fine under-rated film and Rip Torn well-known as he is is a seriously under-rated actor. I read Howard Frank Mosher's novel many years ago. How well Craven captures the book and the beauty of Vermont's Northeast Kingdom! I had the good fortune to grow up in VT in the 40s and 50s and was still living there when the "Irasburg Incident" took place. I've not seen _Stranger in the Kingdom_ the Craven/Mosher collaboration based on the incident(and another Mosher novel) but this film has inspired me to track it down.
critique4763 If you're going to put on a play within the prison walls why not go for the top playwright William Shakespeare? And if you are going to choose your cast from a whole lot of criminals serving long sentences for the most heinous crimes you can be sure there will be plenty of time for rehearsals. In a Kentucky Correctional Prison a courageous project such as this was undertaken with amazing results. This film shows how it was all doneÃ‚Â….the castingÃ‚Â….the rehearsalsÃ‚Â….the set and costumesÃ‚Â…and the final presentation of Shakespeare's play "The Tempest." It had not occurred to me before but there is an analogy between the setting of the play and the correctional prison. In the play the ship-wrecked characters are confined to an island with no contact with the outside world. Prison life too is much like that.<br /><br />With a simple painted back drop of a surrounding seascape the characters in a most pleasing assortment of costumes bellow out their lines to an approving audience may be not quite as Shakespeare intended but with good heart and true sincerity for sure.<br /><br />More interesting than the play itself were the little cameos of each man behind his character. One inmate saw the play as a lesson in forgiveness another as a redemption of his sins. It was quite moving to see the men wipe away a tear as they spoke of murder shooting and strangulation. One had the feeling that they would all like to wind back the clock and reconsider their brutal actions. However (as someone said) the past was past and the present was the beginning of a new future. At least the play gave temporary relief from the depressing thoughts of past events.<br /><br />The prison authorities should be applauded for allowing the play to take place. Such an event would put Kentucky on the map and hopefully other prisons might follow their good example. It seems to me that everyone stands to benefitÃ‚Â…not only the Kentucky prison but the prisoners themselves who need to find new confidence and self esteem and be prepared for the day when they go out on parole.
critique4764 When I first heard about the show I heard a lot about it and it was getting some good reviews. I watched the first episode of this "forensic fairy tale" as it so proclaims itself and I really got hooked on it. I have loved it since. This show has a good sense of humour and it's fun to see a good show like this. The cast is excellent as their characters and I wouldn't want to change them in any way.<br /><br />For those unfamiliar with this show Pushing Daisies centers around a man named Ned (aka The Pie Maker played by Lee Pace) who discovered a special gift when he was a boy: He could bring the dead back to life with the touch of a finger. He first did so with his dog Digby. However there is the catch: If he keeps a dead person alive for more than one minute someone else dies. He learned this when he brought his mother back to life and his childhood crush's father died in Ned's mother's place. The other catch is if he touches the person again they're dead again but this time for good. He learned this when his mother kissed him goodnight. His father took him to boarding school and when he left Ned never saw his father again.<br /><br />Almost 20 years later Ned owns a pie bakery cleverly titled "The Pie Hole." A co-worker of Ned's Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) has a crush on Ned but Ned rejects her moves trying not to get close to anyone learning from past experiences. Private Investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered the gift that Ned has and decides to make him a partner in solving murders. Ned touches the victim asks who killed them and when the minute is up he touches them again and they solve it. That's how they usually solve it. Throughout the episodes the murders have very interesting plots and be what people least expect.<br /><br />One day Ned discovers that his next murder to solve is his childhood sweetheart Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). He brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. In her place the funeral director who stole jewelery from the corpses died. When Emerson finds out and when Chuck wants to help with solving the murders he doesn't agree a bit--for a while we hear him call Chuck 'Dead girl'. This is all kept in secret from Olive Chuck's aunts Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz respectively) and everyone else for that matter in case anyone recognized her from obituaries the news etc. Vivian and Lily formerly synchronized swimmers hadn't left the house in years. Emerson Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck grow to love each other though they can't touch each other ever again.<br /><br />This show is funny has terrific characters contains great plot twists and will definitely get your spirits up. I hope it doesn't get cancelled at 13 episodes.
critique4765 A ghost story on a typical Turkish high school with nice sound and visual effects. Taylan biraderler(taylan brothers) had made their first shots on a tv-show a couple of years ago as far as i know. That was kind of a Turkish X-Files they had very nice stories but lacked on visual effects. This time it seems they had what they needed and used them well. This movie will make you laugh that's for sure and as well it might have you scared. It has a nice plot and some young bright actors in it. If you are a high school student in Turkey you will find so many things about you here. There are many clues in the movie about its story and ending some you understand at the moment some will make sense afterwords the dialogs were written very cleverly. So these make the movie one of the best Turk movies made in the last years. Do not forget this movie is the first of its kind in the Turkish film industry.
critique4766 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique4767 I had never read much about (or even seen stills of) the six-man British comedy group The Crazy Gang but my positive experiences with their contemporaries Will Hay and Arthur Askey Ã¢Â€Â“ and especially Graham GreeneÃ¢Â€Â™s high praise of THE FROZEN LIMITS itself (Ã¢Â€ÂœThe funniest English picture yet producedÃ¢Â€Â¦it can bear comparison with SAFETY LAST and THE GENERALÃ¢Â€Â) Ã¢Â€Â“ made me take the plunge with the bare-bones R2 DVDs from Network of this and their subsequent film GASBAGS (1941; see below) both of which were released earlier this year with virtually no fanfare.<br /><br />A British-made Western is a rarity but a British Western spoof is rarer still (CARRY ON COWBOY 1965 was still some 25 years away). Incidentally going back to the Silent classics mentioned by Greene the film seems to me to be more obviously indebted to THE GOLD RUSH (1925) and WAY OUT WEST (1937). Besides it also plays like a variation on the Ã¢Â€ÂœSnow White And The Seven DwarfsÃ¢Â€Â fairy-tale (which had just been immortalized on the screen via Walt DisneyÃ¢Â€Â™s animated masterwork) and where the seventh member is played by ancient comic and frequent Will Hay foil Moore Marriott; the Gang actually call pretty heroine Eileen Bell by that name throughout and thereÃ¢Â€Â™s even an amusing sequence with the six of them preparing to go to bed and whistling the dwarfsÃ¢Â€Â™ song from the Disney film! <br /><br />Six comedians (three sets of comedy duos: Flanagan & Allen Nervo & Knox and Naughton & Gold) may be the largest such grouping on film Ã¢Â€Â“ though not all of their personalities emerge here: my favorites were big Bud Flanagan (looking a bit like Jim Backus) straight man Chesney Allen and moustached squeaky-voiced Teddy Knox; however bald Charlie Naughton often took the limelight Ã¢Â€Â“ since heÃ¢Â€Â™s the one on which the others always seemed to pick on. Still itÃ¢Â€Â™s Marriott who steals the film from his very first scene Ã¢Â€Â“ where he contrives to impersonate every official in the dilapidated theater of a ghost town!; a very young Bernard Lee is also notable as the villain of the piece.<br /><br />The Ore routine between Flanagan and Allen actually anticipates Abbott and CostelloÃ¢Â€Â™s famous Ã¢Â€ÂœWhoÃ¢Â€Â™s On First?Ã¢Â€Â (the film in fact hinges on a lot of wordplay for its humor Ã¢Â€Â“ which doesnÃ¢Â€Â™t necessarily travel especially at this juncture). Nevertheless there are several hilarious sequences throughout Ã¢Â€Â“ a few of which even brought tears to my eyes: the opening scene where the Gang are defrocked by a band of angry creditors; their dressing up as Indians once they hit the Yukon; the GangÃ¢Â€Â™s ruse to make everybody rich with the same piece of gold; they all impersonate the sleepwalking Marriott to confuse the villains (a gag which may owe its origin to the Marx Bros.Ã¢Â€Â™ hilarious mirror sequence in DUCK SOUP 1933); the spot-on theater sketch which pokes fun at hoary melodramas; the surreal moment when pursued by the villains one of the Gang climbs a staircase that is part of the painted scenery in the theater; and especially towards the end when a group of singing Mounted Police gallop ever so slowly to the GangÃ¢Â€Â™s rescue (despite being egged on by the increasingly impatient Ranger hero).<br /><br />The thinny soundtrack and the frantic nature of the gags themselves made it hard for me to get all the jokes sometimes Ã¢Â€Â“ subtitles would certainly have been welcome in this case. The Crazy Gang only made five films Ã¢Â€Â“ with the first two also being well-regarded OKAY FOR SOUND (1937) and ALFÃ¢Â€Â™S BUTTON AFLOAT (1938) and a much later reunion (though Allen had by this time bowed out due to ill-health and been replaced by Eddie Gray) called LIFE IS A CIRCUS (1960; directed by Val Guest who incidentally co-wrote both Gang films I purchased as well as some of the afore-mentioned Hay and Askey vehicles!).
critique4768 I caught this movie on my local movie channel and i rather enjoyed watching the film. It has all the elements of a good teen film and more - this film aside from dealing with boys-girls relationships and sex and the like also deals with the issue of steroid use by young people.<br /><br />The film has that real-life feel to it - no loud music no special effects and no outrageous scenes - which for this movie was right. That feel makes it easy to relate to the characters in the film - some of which we probably know from where we live.<br /><br />Overall a good movie fun to watch.<br /><br />8/10
critique4769 Shtrafbat - Penal Battalion is a moving and mostly honest look at the lives and deaths of Soviet soldiers who were sentenced to wash away their crimes with blood during World War Two. One can almost call it the Russian equivalent of highly acclaimed "Band of Brothers" miniseries.<br /><br />Formed in July of 1942 on the eve of Battle of Stalingrad the penal battalions were considered expendable units and suffered horrible casualties (sometimes as high as 90%). Prisoners of GULAG (political prison/concentration camps) deserters soldiers who were captured by Germans but managed to escape soldiers accused of breaching protocol were all given a chance to join the Shtrafbat and prove that there were not "Traitors of the Motherland" with their lives. Those who sustained injuries and those who died in battle were considered rehabilitated and were reinstated in the eyes of the law.<br /><br />This miniseries features a look at one such Shtrafbat under the command of Tverdokhlebov - an honorable officer who was captured by the Germans was shot and left for dead. It features a colorful and varied group of people thrust into a situation from which there is no escape. The authoritative yet honorable crime boss Antip "Kulak" (The Fist) and his little gang of unreformed criminals a young Jewish intellectual who struck his anti-Semite officer Father (Orthodox Priest) Mikhail who joins the battalion when his parish is destroyed in the house-to-house fighting political prisoners who hate the regime that condemned them to the GULAG but who are nonetheless willing to fight one last time for their people and country must all find their courage and their reasons to keep on living and to keep on fighting.<br /><br />Although set during a war not every episode features combat in fact what combat scenes there are are often chaotic sporadic and short - which was probably the intent of the director. In between the miniseries focuses on various relationships between the cast their backgrounds their thoughts and tragedies. The rape of a young woman by one of Shtrafbat's soldier and then his execution execution for supposed AWOL periods of boredom on the march the celebration (and subsequent consequences) of finding a German bunker stocked with food (and champagne) the moral dilemma of officers unable to save their men from their own superiors cheating on a spouse and other situations feature prominently. The camera is unflinching - it does not turn away from the ugliness of war and the ugliness of human nature nor from raw human emotions. The dialog likewise does not censor out the swearing.<br /><br />The acting is superb and deep and the script is likewise well written. Everything from rage to weariness to resignation to finding a scrap of joy to hang on to is rendered almost faultlessly. One complaint might be that some of Russian linguistic and cultural idiosyncrasies may not always be understood by someone not familiar with the language and culture. Because it is a history drama in a sense some of the terms and situations (military rank mention of other battles certain historical references) may be lost on some viewers. This understanding is not needed to thoroughly enjoy Shtrafbat but these references are a nice touch of authenticity. Another complain that could be levied is an occasional anachronism and bending of history to suit the plot but frankly this is such a riveting miniseries that one will likely forgive these slight mishaps.
critique4770 Very funny film. Classic film funny Eddie Murphy of the 80s. I saw when I was a child and I have a good memory. The classic irony of Murphy does not fail the film is funny well done. Murphy in the'80s made many films of action that represented for him a way to joke about everything that is dangerous. The result can only be appreciated by some but ii film from 1986 up to now have changed. The atmosphere for a movie of that time is good and the special effects are good for a film of the period. A nice movie to see and enjoy appreciating the taste of ironic Murphy an actor who has recently disappeared. The final part is anthologies the likable actor who plays the part of the Tibetan Monk. That's it.
critique4771 This the finest achievement from Georg Wilhelm Pabst's Social Realism period is based upon a tragedy in early 1906 that claimed the lives of nearly 1100 French miners as a coal dust explosion deep in mines at Courrieres in northern France took place after a fire had smouldered for three weeks eventually releasing deadly pit gas that brought about the fatalities. Estimable designer Erno Metzner creates stark sets that simulate the tragedy providing a perception of reality augmented by matchless sound editing with the only music being produced by integral orchestras during the beginning and ending portions of a work for which aural effects possess equal importance with the eminent director's fascinating visual compositions. Pabst's manner of "invisible editing" that segues action from shot to shot through movements of players proves to be smoothly integrated within this landmark film that also showcases sublime cinematography utilizing cameras mounted upon vehicles enabling the director to shift amid scenes without having a necessity of cutting. Although the work's cardinal theme relates to Socialist dogma the unforgettable power of this film is held in its details born of Pabst's nonpareil skill at weaving numerous plot lines into a cinema tapestry that stirs one to admiration for German rescue squads of whom their Fatherland is greatly proud while no less despairing of disastrous losses to the families of French victims; certainly a seminal triumph fully as stimulating today to a cineaste as it was at the time of its first release.
critique4772 Let me start by saying that if you're expecting subtle humour you're in the wrong theatre. It's low-brow and heavy-hitting. But he's not out to tickle your funny bone. He's got the sledgehammer out and he's drawn a bead on the side of your head. But fear not. As movies go this is a fairly gentle education. Oh also heavy on the swearing but once again Mike Judge not Fred Rogers.<br /><br />Was this movie called 'intelliocracy'? F*** no. The gem the essence that is Mike Judge is that he has the ability to make people laugh at themselves. Beavis and Butthead was most popular with teen-aged boys the very people at which it incessantly poked fun.<br /><br />With that in mind I don't think the humour in this movie is aimed at the super intelligent. Maybe you are all too smart to get it. But he's not aiming at you. He's aiming at your average Joe. And he's got a message: get your act together and for god's sake study botany! It is a little disjointed and the narrator gets to be a little irritating after a while but once again this movie is meant for people who need a lot of narration ;-) It's funny. It has a message that it wants to make sure that we all understand.<br /><br />I question the casting of Luke Wilson in the role of a man with a 100 IQ. Sometimes he's not able to play down (what's he got like a 104?) to the level of his character. Slightly forced at times.<br /><br />Kudos on Dax Shepard in this one. I remember seeing him in Zathura and thinking "This guys looks like an idiot." In this movie he makes a great idiot. Maybe I'm psychic.<br /><br />It took a while to warm up to Maya Rudolph but I gave her a little leeway. After all she did have to play straight man to an entire planet. But once she got a little screen time she made a solid contribution.<br /><br />Terry Crews played the same psychotic aggressive character he's played many times before but he makes a first-rate president none the less.<br /><br />Another bonus is that the place was practically empty. Counting my girlfriend and I there were literally six people in the theatre. We could've had a barbecue pit and a mariachi band. So no annoying people talking as appears to be the norm in the 'talking-to-the-tv' age.<br /><br />All in all a good premise and a competent delivery given the intended goal. Lots of laughs sprinkled throughout.<br /><br />What made this movie scary was the fact that when we walked out of the theatre it was sort of like the movie was still playing. We saw a lot of idiocy in the people immediately around us maybe made more apparent by the dose we got in the theatre....<br /><br />They're all pods all of them!
critique4773 Pearl S.Buck was a brilliant author that was a first American lady won Nobel prize in literature in 1938 and received her prize with Enrico Fermi an Italian Physit.<br /><br />She wrote this romance in 1931 which was a second one after her first novel (East wind and West wind) in 1930 and her beginning in literature was fantastic upon her premier novels.<br /><br />she won in 1935 (Pulitzer prize) in literature on her eternal novel (The good earth) which made a brilliant panorama on the life of Chinese peasant (Wung Lung) and his wife (O-Lane) and their efforts to face the hardness of hard positions in their earth to reach for their big fortune by their shoulders.<br /><br />Paul Muni succeeded in this role as Chinese peasant that he prepared himself in this role upon his sittings with Chinese people in San Francisco in their town to be Chinese exactly as a real and true.<br /><br />Shara Reiner succeeded in her role as (O-Lane) by this brilliant evidence that she won An Academy Awarded as a best actress in 1937.
critique4774 The Killing Yard is a great film although uneven at times. Morris Chestnut puts forth a phenomenal effort as a mentally wounded and judicially jilted prison inmate and the presence of Alan Alda as his defense attorney is none other than genius. The emotion and raw reality portrayed in this film's "flashback" scenes have the ability of putting viewers directly into the midst of the events being pictured. I was not even born when the Attica riot took place however through extensive research I find that "The Killing Yard" does the story all of it's fair justices. I would definitely recommend this film for viewing by any educational or activist group as a much needed learning tool.
critique4775 There are people claiming this is another "bad language" ultra violence Mexican movie. They are right but more than that this film is a call to create awareness of what we have become. The awful truth hurts or bores when you already have accepted the paradigm of living the third world as the only possible goal. One of the most important things of "Cero y van cuatro" is the open invitation to profound reflexion over our current identity. Is that what we all are? Is that all that we want to be? I am abroad and I realized how spoiled is the Mexican society when the Tlahuac Incident came to light. I still cannot understand viewers witnessing a mass broadcasted murder. I nearly puked when I saw some of the images. It was not Irak or Rwanda just a tiny village near Mexico City when rampage was carried out with the indulgence of media and government. The recreation of a similar situation in this film shocked me deeply. The other stories were good portraying other situations of corruption dishonesty betrayal and violence but I consider "Tamales de Chivo" the best one.<br /><br />The movie is deeper than some "cabrÃƒÂ³n" and "pendejo" screams. Those are meaningless compared with the actions of the people. With a few exceptions they are all perfect examples of human rubbish. Just like in real life honesty is becoming more the exception than the rule in our country. Moreover honesty is only rewarded miraculously.
critique4776 I like this film a lot. It has a wonderful chemistry between the actors and tells a story that is pretty universal the story of the prodigal son. The aspect I like the best however was the way that the bath house was more than just a background for the story. As the father told the son the story of his wife's family in the northern deserts of china the element of water and bathing becomes an almost sacred ritual. Water was so scarce that a simple bath had profound depth and meaning.<br /><br />Overall the film was very effective. There were moments however when it verged on "too" sweet...bordering on cloying during the park recital scene. But overall I highly recommend this film.
critique4777 While i read all of the complaints about this movie before i saw it i still had interest from the preview. I don't know if it was because i was expecting a bomb or what but i really enjoyed the movie. The I was not very frightened at all until the second half of the movie but even then it wasn't very bad at all. I think that most of the scenes and false alarms were realistic if a little too coincidental but it was necessary to move the story along. I think that the house and surrounding area is the perfect setting for this type of movie it is beautiful and huge but then the same qualities that are attractive become scary. I also think that the light arrangement worked extremely well because not only did they turn on upon entry but there was no way to keep them on so the house stayed dark outside of the small section Jill was in.<br /><br />Speaking of Jill i thought her part was acted pretty well at first it wasn't as believable but after a few phone calls it was fine. In fact the scenes where she is frightened are acted perfectly. And finally someone got the fire poker right. I can't tell you how many times when i hear a noise at my house i grab the fire poker and it was a nice touch for her to do the same even though she idiotically forgets it when she needs it most.<br /><br />In regards to the plot holes the movie is not perfect but almost every hole can be explained and part of the mystery is how he got in..exactly how long was he watching her? how did he get out to kill her friend? and when exactly did the gardener die? overall i enjoyed it and i was surprised how quickly it went. It kept my attention and i wanted to see how it ended although the ending was very brief and left a bad taste in my mouth. My only complaint other than the ending was the lack of character development. They could have added ten minutes with her and her friends or something to make us feel bad for her situation more to give us a taste of her personality and to give us foreshadowing to how she will handle the situation(for example the scene where she debates whether to go back for the kids it looks like some scene is missing at the beginning that talked about her only caring about herself or something).
critique4778 The actors play wonderfully especially Kenneth Branagh himself. It's good that Robin Williams got the comedy role of Osiric otherwise it could be a bit strange to see him in such a production. It is really great that Kenneth decided to use the fullest version of the text this happens definitely not too often... Thanks to that the viewers can see the whole not the chosen - by the director - parts. Also - thank God that the film is in a classical form; NO to surrealistic fanfaberies ! Although "Tytus Andronicus" was impressive nevertheless but still Hamlet is a different story at least that's my point of view.
critique4779 I am a fairly big fan of most of the films that have been based on Stephen King's books - this one rates as one of the scariest and most memorable.<br /><br />I have just finished rewatching it for about the tenth time and I still find it heart-wrenching as well as scary.<br /><br />The scene where Gage is on a sure collision course with the monster truck is one which stands out. And the "No fair" uttered by little Miko Hughes near the end is a touch of brilliance.<br /><br />
critique4780 A powerful movie that has recovered much of its meaning in this second half of 2007 after the new desperate movements of the Burmese people against their tyrants. I felt a complex mix of feelings about the people there something like compassion and admiration at the same time together with a bit of rage because I feel that no one neither the countries of the world nor themselves is doing anything effective to end this shame. I think these feelings became directly from the movie and that they were intended when it was made so it is a successful movie. The desire for peace the quest for enlightenment the respect for life sometimes leads to subjugation. In fact it is the Buddhist Burmese culture who has left the doors wide opens to their dictators. But how can you feel angry about these poor people?
critique4781 Beautiful story of Wisconsin native Dan Jansen and his real life agonizing struggle to win the 1994 Olympic Gold Medal in Speed Skating despite his overwhelming emotional loss with the death of his much loved Best Friend and Family Member; his Sister Jane.<br /><br />This story's main focus is to sensitively portray the real life emotional turmoil of grief that one feels in loosing a special Loved One and the struggle to productively cope and rise above the great loss! It is the incredible story of Dan Jansen's heartbreak in loosing his beloved Sister to Leukemia his struggle to cope with the intensity of his grief while still maintaining his Dream to win at the Olympics and his ultimate triumph in winning the Gold Medal in Speed Skating for America and in honor of his Sister's memory; thereby fulfilling his childhood promise to Jane!<br /><br />After Dan Jansen's remarkable Gold Medal performance in the Winter Olympic in Lillihamer Norway he established a Foundation in 1994 to help fight Leukemia which claimed the life of his Sister and to support youth sports programs educational and scholarship awards. His Dan Jansen Foundation promotes the philosophy that: "as his Father always told him at a young age: 'there is more to life than skating around in circles!' Maintaining a proper perspective is key! So too is setting goals and realizing one's Dreams through perseverence overcoming adversity and never giving up!"<br /><br />Recommended for anyone who has ever suffered the great loss of someone very special and dearly loved within your life! And for anyone who still believes in the Achievement of Dreams and Never Giving Up!
critique4782 I saw this movie last night after waiting ages and ages for it to be released here in Canada (still only in limited release). It was worth the wait and then some. I am a very avid reader of Margaret Laurence and was excited to see that this novel was being turned into a film. I actually ended up liking the movie better than the novel. I liked that the character of Bram Shipley was a bit less harsh and that there seemed to be more of a love story between Hagar and Bram which made the scenes at the end of Bram's life that much more moving. The loss seemed stronger. Hagar was not any more likable on film than in the book but Ellen Burstyn was a genius in this role. She WAS Hagar through and through. Christine Horne was brilliant and has many more great things ahead I am sure. Her scenes with Cole Hauser were electrifying. I could go on and on overall a 9 * out of 10. Fantastic and can't wait for it to come out on DVD a must own for my collection!
critique4783 I too must apologize for a somewhat biased opinion of this endeavor as I contributed to the soundtrack. Still I received my copy sat back and enjoyed the rolling cast of characters who were perhaps more colorful than the characters they were creating in this tale of a film sequel shanghai. For those who feel George Bush is a "credible Texan" one need look no further than this film to shatter the image that Texas is full of truck driving one-dimensional rednecks. The cast contains some of the most intelligent peculiar and humorous folks you'll find anywhere as they spin their tales of agony bliss and disappointment in going for a great film sequel no budget guerilla style (i.e. "punk rock style" as each person helps define).<br /><br />This is a great documentary made with passion and guts and all the venom you'll need to break through to the other side of whatever industry b.s. and doublespeak you're dealing with (take note authors painters musicians and fellow filmmakers). It hearkens back to the credibility of the first wave of American hardcore music when the term "D.I.Y." was the standard a period where courage passion and commitment mattered way more than technique style or precious calculations. Not that there isn't plenty of technique or style to this...the tone of the documentary is quite refreshing. The editing cuts provide as much drama as the dialog therein.<br /><br />The idea of creating a documentary out of the sad demise of the cast crew and director's initial intent is brilliant totally Texas and absolutely punk rock. In the truest sense of the term.
critique4784 Meant to be some sort of a social commentary about the way that our lives were spinning out of control in the 1970's this movie plays more like something Mr. Schlesinger threw together after having a bad day on the freeway. A mish mash of snippets about the nuts encountered along the freeway in Florida and along the freeway of life the cast is mostly wasted and probably ended up on the cutting room floor. The problem is that what DIDN'T end up on the cutting room floor probably should have! Now available on DVD it's kinda fun to see a comedy that would have cost $100 million to produce had it been made in 2004. It rolls along and isn't too difficult to sit through and strangely enough in 2004 we're all still pretty much just<br /><br />hopping in our cars and going faster and faster heading nowhere.
critique4785 After seeing several movies of Villaronga I had a pretty clear opinion about him -- he concentrates too much on the personal aspect of the characters forgetting about a rhythm of the movie. That is why though having good critics his movies never caught the broad audience attention. In ARo he follows the same line but really improved on the rhythm especially in the end of the movie. Frankly speaking I slept through the first part cause though the first part gives necessary information it is really slow. Nevertheless the second part is absolutely marvelous and makes the whole movie the best movie ever made by Villaronga.<br /><br />Recommended.
critique4786 Moonwalker is a Fantasy Music film staring Michael Jackson with different segments. I will rate each segment individually.<br /><br />Segment 1 opens the film with a Music video. The Music video is a concert of Michael Jackson performing the song "Man in the Mirror" the Music video also show's montages of historical figures such as Gandhi Martin Luther king JR John Lennon and more. The first segment was a good choice to open the film i liked the song and also loved the montage of the historical figures. I even loved the message in the song. I give the first segment a 9/10.<br /><br />Segment 2 shows a montage of Michael Jackson's start from the Jackson five to his solo career. The montage i thought was well made i liked the animation they put into it and i also loved their choices of songs such as "I I want you back Beat it Thriller can you feel it and the way you make me feel." The only thing i wish they could have done a little a better in one of the songs in the montage is "We are the world". The reason why is all you see is rain drops and in those drops are images of Michael Jackson and the chorus of the celebrities but it's a little hard to see the chorus. Other than that the segment is still good. I give it a 9/10<br /><br />Segment 3 is the song Bad. You're probably thinking it's Michael Jackson's Music video of badWell yes and no. This segment is the Music video but it's redone by Kids. The segment was cute but it wasn't as good as the other segments. I give it a 6/10<br /><br />Segment 4 is a short Claymation Music film that takes place after the kid's version of bad called "Speed Demon". The short is about Michael Jackson being chased by his beloved fans and the press and he disguises himself as a rabbit and rides a motorcycle to try to get away from them. The claymation in the chase sequence was great but some parts in the film the Claymation characters looked a little fake when they interact with real people. Also at the end of the clip out of nowhere Michael Jackson rabbit costume comes to life and he's dancing with it. I liked the dancing but that was like out of nowhere. I give it a 8/10<br /><br />Segment 5 is Michael Jackson's Grammy winning Music video "Leave me alone." The Music Video is about the media poking their nose at Michael Jackson's personal life and Michael Jackson feels they won't leave him alone no matter how much he's proved innocent. The music video really speaks out( but keep in mind this happened before the child molestation this just all about the rumors of him in the 80's.) but i didn't feel this Video should be in this Movie because it's a kids Movie and i don't think kid's will understand what he's singing about. I give this Music video 8/10<br /><br />Segment 6 leads us to the main story of the whole movie called "Smooth Criminal." Michael Jackson plays a gangster who uses his powers of a wishing star as a crime figure to protect children ( including John Lennon's son Sean Lennon) from an Evil Mobster named Mr Bigg (Played by Joe Pesci). The segment i thought really brought out the film especially when he danced and sang the song "Smooth Criminal" with a bunch of Criminals. I also thought the special effects were good. The weird thing about the Segment is why are kids hanging out with a grown man it never explained why. Also Joe Pesci character talks about Drugs and what he plans to do with them. I mean why would you talk about drugs in a kids film. Other wise it was good. My rating for this segment is a 8/10<br /><br />Segment 7 is the final segment of the whole movie. The film end's with Michael Jackson singing a Cover version of the Beatle's Song "Come Together" and then during the credit's we see Michael Jackson singing with Ladysmith Black Mambazo. Michael did a good cover of "Come Together" and i think it was good idea putting including a group of good singer's with a talented musican like him. My rating is 9/10<br /><br />This movie is a good Michael Jackson film i think it really brings out children s Imagination. The film is almost as Imaginative as the Beatles animated movie "Yellow Submarine" if you like Michael Jackson and you're up to a film with a lot of creativity this is the film. My Overall rating for this movie is 8/10
critique4787 While rehearing Carmen of Bizet the middle-aged choreographer Antonio (Antonio Gades) brings the sexy Carmen (Laura del Sol) to perform the lead role. Antonio falls in love for Carmen who is an independent and seductive woman incapable to accept a possessive love. When Carmen has an affair with another dancer Antonio is consumed by his jealousy like D. JosÃƒÂ© in the original opera entwining fiction with reality.<br /><br />"Carmen" is another great movie of Carlos Saura's trilogy dedicated to the Flamenco dance. The dramatic love story is developed with the lives of the artists entwined with the characters they are rehearsing and many times is not absolutely clear whether what is happening is reality (with the dancers) or fiction (of the play). Paco de Lucia is another attraction of this original version of the famous Bizet's opera which is based on the novel of Prosper MÃƒÂ©rimÃƒÂ©e. My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Carmen"
critique4788 Don't be swayed by the naysayers. This is a wonderfully spooky film. This was a thesis project for the writer/director  JT Petty. He did a great job of having me on the edge of my seat. I never really knew what to expect and for a jaded horror-movie goer this is Nirvana! The film concerns an elderly man who lives in a isolated log cabin in the woods. One day while searching for his cat in the woods he witnesses the murder of a child or does he? He agonizes about this the rest of the film. What is most unusual about this film is that here is no dialogue until the last few scenes. I found this to be intriguing. The writer manages to get hold of your senses and gives them a relentless tug. Give this film a go you won't be disappointed.
critique4789 I thought it was an excellent movie. Gary Cole played the role of a military man who feels trapped and unhappy with his wife who fakes his death fabulously! Over all I thought the movie was great definitely not a boring plot line! It's sad to say but I think lots of men might feel this way. I think he should have just gotten a divorce and asked to be transferred instead of the extreme he went to but he felt there was no other way out so he faked his death. I thought it was neat that Cole's real-life wife played the wife he was unhappy with in the movie. I think what the guy did was alittle extreme but the movie was great nonetheless! Definitely recommend it!
critique4790 I enjoyed this film. The way these mutants looked along with the tone of the film is very good. Plus David Cronenberg as Philip K. Decker was great! It makes me wonder if his personality is exactly the same in real life (except for the killings of course).<br /><br />I was impressed with the creatures for this film although this movie probably had a somewhat low budget the mutants/creatures/monsters looked great especially from 1990. This is definitely a unique film and not crap. It makes me want to go find a read the novella it's based off of. This is an interesting film because it shows how humans can be monsters and the "monsters" are the one with humanity.
critique4791 Shakespeare said that we are actors put into a great stage. But when this stage is Israel the work that we interpret multiplies for ten and all the actions we do are full of a hard style. Dan Katzir manages to do a spectacular portrait of a part of life in Tel Aviv but besides Katzir manages to penetrate into the heart of the Israeli people and this people far from being simple prominent figures they speak to us from the heart. Katzir's film allows Israel escape from dark informative crux in which they live and this wonderful country arises to the light as a splendid bird which is born of his ashes. It is very great for me because the reality of state of Israel which the Europeans only know for the informative diaries or the newspapers appears as a close and absolutly human reality the reality of million people who looking for his place exploring the whole state the whole culture with the only aim to feel part of it. Katzir constructs an absolutely wonderful documentary and he demonstrates that when a man films with passion the deepest feelings are projected with force and these feelings cross our hearts. Thank you Dan for open our eyes and give us one of the most beautiful portraits of the most wonderful countries of the world.
critique4792 So after years and years I finally track this film down! I was dying to see how it lived up to my memories. I distinctly remembered the shots of the ghost boy running down the mine then waiting behind two planks of wood crossed in the mineshaft just staring out with a pale white face. This single shot was probably the most chilling shot of my childhood I remember chills running down my spine. Watching it now its obviously nowhere near as scary but quite subconsciously strange to see the same images again. If anyone wants a copy private message me.<br /><br />The story itself is fairly standard BCFF stuff. Its strange though that the message is pretty unclear this time around - there is no real moral as such (except that 'ghosts are here to help us?' or 'don't be prejudiced against ghosts!') There wasn't even a greed/capitalist angle in terms of wanting to profit from the mine. However a massive act of irresponsibility from the captain encouraging the two kids to actually follow the vague implications of a ghost not only into a mine but into a new mine hole which is totally dangerous. The captain then encourages the children to climb down a huge ladder deep into the mines simply because he thinks the ghost wants them too. Its also a bit odd that the ghost chooses the boy to help the trapped adults and not just help the trapped adults direct. Oh well.
critique4793 Having seen most of Ringo Lam's films I can say that this is his best film to date and the most unusual. It's a ancient china period piece cranked full of kick-ass martial arts where the location of an underground lair full of traps and dungeons plays as big a part as any of the characters. The action is fantastic the story is tense and entertaining and the set design is truely memorable. Sadly Burning Paradise has not been made available on DVD and vhs is next-to-impossible to get your mitts on even if you near the second biggest china-town in North America (like I do). If you can find it don't pass it up.
critique4794 Two college buddies - one an uptight nerd the other a rude slob - embark on a road trip through the country. On the way they encounter a vicious vehicle that looks like an army tank combined with a monster truck that tries to run their car over. They escape it but only enrage the mysterious and dangerous driver more when one of them takes a leak in the top hatch while at a rest stop. Later on they pick up a sexy hitchhiker who ends up getting involved in their life threatening situation. MONSTER MAN is an extremely entertaining horror-comedy that has some good suspenseful moments as well as some good gory ones. The two lead characters and their constant bickering is fun to watch all on its own and the end takes a TCM-like turn which was very well-done. Absolutely worth checking out.
critique4795 What people fail to understand about this movie is that it isn't a beginning middle and end it is just the conclusion of a 26 episode long TV series. So remember that when you all talk about how the world wasn't explored enough. That was all done in the TV show.<br /><br />As great and stunning as the visuals are I think the ***SPOILERS*** argument between Lian-Chu and Gwizdo near the end of the film was what really made me love this movie. Seeing characters I had followed through 26 episodes fight like that was agonizing and seeing Gwizdo walking sadly off by himself amidst the floating ruins while Lian-Chu sharpened his blade was almost tear-jerking. <br /><br />Then we got a total contrast with Lian-Chu fighting these insanely awesome dragons (Which had been featured before in the series) while Gwizdo is babbling insanely and indirectly threatening to kill Zoe. *Shudder* I'm surprised that this particular scene hasn't been mentioned more in the warnings. Any kid that has a lick of sense will be able to see that Gwizdo wasn't himself and was fully intent on strangling that little girl. It was enough to bother me and I'm 15.<br /><br />The world is amazing the plot is a lot better than most multi-million blockbusters and it was a nice way to see some of my favorite characters go. Check it out. :)
critique4796 To bad for this fine film that it had to be released the same year as Braveheart. Though it is a very different kind of film the conflict between Scottish commoners and English nobility is front and center here as well. Roughly 400 years had passed between the time Braveheart took place and Rob Roy was set but some things never seemed to change. Scottland is still run by English nobles and the highlanders never can seem to catch a break when dealing with them. Rob Roy is handsomely done but not the grand epic that Braveheart was. There are no large-scale battles and the conflict here is more between individuals. And helpfully so not all Englishmen are portrayed as evil this time. Rob Roy is simply a film about those with honor and those who are truly evil.<br /><br />Liam Neeson plays the title character Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan and his basic function is to tend to and protect the cattle of the local nobleman of record known as the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). Things look pretty rough for the MacGregor clan as winter is approaching and there seems to be a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy puts together a plan to borrow 1000 pounds from the Marquis and purchase some cattle of his own. He would then sell them off for a higher price and use the money to improve the general well-being of his community. Sounds fair enough doesn't it? Problems arise when two cronies of the Marquis steal the money for themselves. One of them known as Archibald Cunningham is perhaps the most evil character ever put on film. Played wonderfully by Tim Roth this man is a penniless would-be noble who has been sent to live with the Marquis by his mother. This man is disgustingly effeminate rude heartless and very dangerous with a sword. He fathers a child with a hand maiden and refuses to own up to the responsibility. He rapes Macgregor's wife and burns him out of his home. This guy is truly as rotten as movie characters come. Along with another crony of the Marquis (Brian Cox) Cunningham steals the money and uses it to settle his own debts. Though it is painfully obvious to most people what happened the Marquis still holds MacGregor to the debt. This sets up conflict that will take many lives and challenge the strengths of a man simply fighting to hold on to his dignity.<br /><br />Spoilers ahead!!!!!<br /><br />Luckily for the MacGregor's a Duke who is no friend to the Marquis sets up a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve the conflict one and for all. This sword fight has been considered by many to be one of the best ever filmed. Cunningham is thought by many to be a sure winner with his speed and grace. And for most of the fight it looks like these attributes will win out. Just when it looks like Rob Roy is finished he turns the tables in a shockingly grotesque manner. The first time you see what happens you will probably be as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully filmed wonderfully acted and perfectly paced. The score is quite memorable too. The casting choices seem to have worked out as Jessica Lange who might seem to be out of her element actually turns in one of the strongest performances as Mary MacGregor. The film is violent but there isn't too much gore. It is a lusty picture full of deviant behavior however. The nobility are largely played as being amoral and sleazy. The film has no obvious flaws thus it gets 10 of 10 stars.<br /><br />The Hound.
critique4797 I saw this movie today (opened yesterday here) and was simply delighted.<br /><br />I saw a review that said something to the effect that the reviewer thought this would be just another teen movie but then found it was based on Shakespeare's Twelfth Night ... and then started trying to justify liking this flick on Shakespearean grounds. I really think this is going way overboard: the only connections I could see with Twelfth Night are (a) the basic conceit of a girl masquerading as a man; (b) the extensive male-female humor arising out of that basic conceit; and (c) some of the names (including Viola & Duke).<br /><br />Aside from those names the thematic commonalties (a & b) are really great themes for any script and this movie's script is no exception. Beyond that though this really is a simply delightful and very contemporary/traditional teen flick. And that's a perfectly legit genre even if highbrows have to find an excuse to like it ... like alluding to Shakespeare.<br /><br />The movie is bright fast-paced emotive stylized funny ... full of teen hormones and teen humor and male/female humor suitable for all ages. And that's really the best part IMHO: really just about every male stereotype and every female stereotype is depicted in roundly appealing over-the-top fun. Those stereotypes are parodied relentlessly but affectionately with such a complexity of invention that I'm still a little bewildered ... but really don't feel at all disappointed in that regard it's not that kind of a movie: things come at you fast and fun and you get a laugh and a groan and then move on to the next split-second happening.<br /><br />Amanda Bynes really is just delightful as Viola / Sebastian; Channing Tatum makes a wonderful Duke; David Cross does a wonderfully over the top Principal Gold. All of the acting and characterizations were fine and on target. Cinematography was excellent.<br /><br />Wonderful entertainment from beginning to end ... check it out!
critique4798 This is one of the best military films ever made. And it is great because of its focus on values. It's a great human interest story that turns on a commitment to honor loyalty love and determination.<br /><br />Gooding and DeNiro are superb in the lead roles. It's wonderful to see the Master Chief's racism evolve toward respect and love through Carl Brashear's determination driveand yes sense of honor. The title indicates the source of their bond. I never noticed until this last time watching it how brilliant Carl Lumbly's portrayal of Carl's father Mac Brashear was. In a way it's a cornerstone of the film in that it's Carl's memory of his father that helps carry him through hard times.<br /><br />I am selective about what films I purchase. This is one of those rare ones that I want on my shelf. It will be seen many times in the future I'm sure.
critique4799 Although the word megalmania is used a lot to describe Gene Kelly and sometimes his dancing is way too stiff you have to admit the guy knows how to put on a show. In American In Paris he choreographs some outstanding numbers some which stall the plot but are nonetheless amazing to look at. (Check out Gene Kelly's "Getting Out Of Bed Routine" for starters)<br /><br />Gene Kelly stars as a GI who is based out of Paris he stayed there to paint soon he is a rich woman's gigolo but he really LOVES SOMEONE ELSE! Hoary story sure but the musical numbers save the show here! I really loved Georges GuÃ‚Â¨Ã‚Â¦tary's voice work in this one. His 'Stairway to Paradise' and his duet with Le Gene on 'S Wonderful' is 's marvelous'. Oscar Levant and Leslie Caron I can take or leave. All in all a pretty good but not dynamite movie.
critique4800 This is the first review I've wrote for IMDb so bare with me but I caught this flick on HBO and was sure glad I watched it. Richard Gere is great in this film as the passionate agent/detective who bends the rules to get the job done. I think the story is great and there's never a dull scene that slows the pace of the movie down. Some parts of the movie which have to do with demented sex addicts are pretty shocking but if you've ever seen a crime film like Se7en you'll be able to stomach the scenes just fine. <br /><br />So all in all if you're looking for a good detective/suspense movie ignore the low rating this movie got on IMDb and definitely watch it.
critique4801 The Captain and Tennille have released a very good 3 DVD package with minimal editing. Unlike most variety show releases these shows have not been hacked to bits. The musical and dance numbers are included with the skits just as they were when first broadcast. I suspect that some musical numbers on the DVD may have been edited into shows in which they did not originally appear but have been unable to verify that suspicion. I've noticed a few inconsistencies between what is on the DVD and program information I've found on the net. I've been unable to verify whether the net information is inaccurate or if the musical performances have been edited into the shows on the DVD. Whatever the truth may be I'm very appreciative of the efforts made by the production company. I wish every variety show released would show the same respect for the format. I would guess about half the shows broadcast are included. I believe they ran into rights problems on the shows which weren't included. Hopefully those issues can be resolved and a Volume 2 can be released sometime in the future. There are some individual music videos along with a dance rehearsal among the extras. I recommend this DVD to any C&T fan.
critique4802 WARNING: I advise anyone who has not seen the film yet to not read this comment.<br /><br />This movie was on the shelf at a movie store and since I had seen a handful of very corny horror flicks there I had really low expectations for this one. Well I put it in and almost immediately I was sucked right in. While watching I got deeper and deeper into the story and pretty soon I was staring in complete interest. This movie is surprisingly spectacular and I loved every second. The story is about a boat ride down a river in Australia. It seems safe enough until their boat is ambushed by a croc who's ready for some food. When I looked at the back of the case I thought that this movie was going to have crappy visual effects like in Lake Placid 2 and a lot of others but when I first saw the crocodile it looked amazingly real! Don't laugh when I say this for I am being serious but this is one of the most creepiest films I've ever seen. It really knew how to build up nail-biting tension and suspense with it's intense situation I mean think about it; Your stuck in a tree nowhere to run nowhere to hide with a hungry predator in the depths of the water below. You can not tell me that doesn't freak you out just a little. It even managed to give me a few chills down my arms like when Adam was taken by the croc and Grace and Lee are left baffled. This is a very appealing movie. There were maybe 1 or 2 parts where I found myself SLIGHTLY uninterested but other than that I would say this is my favorite animal attack film that I have seen.
critique4803 Addictive is an adjective I've heard many times when talking of certain TV shows. Most recently dramas like Lost Heroes and Prison Break have earned that description. However as compelling as they may be (and they really are) I can wait a few days before I see the next episode of either series even Prison Break which some have lazily classified as "the new 24". With all due respect there can be no such thing and for a good reason: no other silver-screen thriller is based on a real-time structure. That's what sets 24 apart from any other show and that's why I practically have to watch an entire season (on DVD) in seven days or less: once the frickin' clock starts ticking it's impossible to tune out.<br /><br />An episode whose events unfolded over the course of a single day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and more recently Deadwood); having an entire season of a new series last 24 hours one per ep (the actual running time is 41 minutes; the remaining 19 are occupied by commercials when the show airs on telly) was the most groundbreaking idea in mainstream television since Hill Street Blues introduced non-linear storytelling (a mandatory element nowadays). And it truly paid off.<br /><br />Ironically enough the original plan for the series was to make it revolve around a wedding (fortunately creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized the format was more suitable for a conspiracy thriller) which is probably the reason the first glimpse we get of the hero suggests a cheerful atmosphere: looking extremely relaxed Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) is enjoying a game of chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and minutes later being tender with Teri (Leslie Hope) the wife with whom he has just reconciled. As in The Sopranos though something unexpected and shocking is just behind the corner: not only has Kim snuck out of her room Jack also receives a phone call urging him to get to work immediately. At midnight? I'm afraid so: Bauer is a CTU (Counter Terrorist Unit) agent and his boss has acquired reliable intel about a possible hit on the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert) an African-American Presidential candidate who will be in Los Angeles for the whole day (oh right I almost forgot: events occur on the day of the California Presidential Primary). No time for napping then: Jack has to spend the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately he has a tendency to ignore protocol and that doesn't sit well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley) a slimy man from Division who has been asked to interfere with the operation.<br /><br />The plot is very dense making the show hard to recommend for those with a short attention span but anyone willing to take a look will be rewarded instantly: the writing is sharp and precise the attention to detail unsurpassed and the suspense is consistently sky-high mainly thanks to the real-time trickery which considerably enhances the adrenaline level.<br /><br />Another great quality of this pilot is the characterization: most genre shows (sci-fi and thriller) tend to simply introduce the key players and then define them later on (a textbook example is CSI where character development is minimal but then again that matches the show's unique style) whereas the series debut of 24 offers a rich array of fully rounded people among whom Jack (Sutherland's best role - ever!) and Palmer (the real revelation of the show) stand out for being perfectly described after one episode only (the former divided between job and family reckless but humane the latter honorable and endowed with great integrity). A couple of supporting parts border on stereotype (Mason and Tony Almeida especially) but two factors ought to be taken into account: a) this is the first episode; b) there's so much going on most viewers won't even complain about a "flaw" or two. After all how many network programs manage to begin with a conspiracy a missing teenager AND a huge explosion - and still have equally satisfying material for the rest of the season?<br /><br />Tick tock tick tock...
critique4804 Meester Sharky you look so ... normal. You would never get a table in this fancy cocktail restaurant/bistro. I on the other 'and eat grapes and pate 'ere every day. You like my fur coat with all the fine trimming? My enormous golden rings of gold? Or maybe you like these blonde 'ow you say? bombshells who are all qualified in aerobics and naked petanques who decorate my long maroon velvety sofa like so many soft boiled larks on a plate of pan fried foie gras and figs. You like? You can't have! Zey are all mine.<br /><br />You will never possess 'er as I possessed 'er. Domino was the best apart from Maman. You do not understand the art of lovemaking. Just look at your inferior moustache. It is almost funny to me non to think of that ludicrous protuberance on your silly face as you snuffle around Domino's love hillock like the piggy seeking the truffle in the forest the forest heaving and swaying in the hot winds of desire! You lose again Sharky.<br /><br />When I make love to the women zey know Sharky zey know. Zey learn zey learn until zey become the teacher. Not nano-maths the arts of love. Domino was the seedling which I watered. I watered her so very often. Everywhere Sharky. Her scented petals her proud stalk everywhere. She will wither under your ridiculous hose like the soufflÃƒÂ© removed from the oven five minute too soon.<br /><br />I must go now Sharky you bore me so with your disgraceful behaviour. It is you who will be flushed down le pissoir like the smelly thing.<br /><br />Bon chance!
critique4805 A great British Indy movie! Fantastic chemistry between the 3 main characters make for some hilarious drug-fuelled set pieces that Cheech and Chong would be proud of. Great to see Phil Daniels back on the big screen (even if he has swapped sides since Quadrophenia!) and Gary Stretch is surprisingly good and a treat for the ladies! Loved the final fight scene with it's nod to Zulu and now I know what happened to Arthur Brown after he set himself on fire on Top of the Pops!...he's not acting....he really is a bona-fide British hippie!!! You don't have to be a biker to enjoy this and it's straight into my Friday night post-pub repeat viewing collection. <br /><br />Give this film a go and you won't be disappointed.
critique4806 Barbora Bobulova's portrayal of Valeria in this story was entirely captivating and heart wrenching at the same time. It has been a long time since I have seen so much hidden passion and mystique presented by any actor simply by utilizing her facial features and the use of her eyes and mouth the way Barbora does with this character. She was entirely believable as Valeria and I was swept away with her characterisation of this role. All at once the film was real life and fantasy the clever use of what was limited dialogue left me spellbound. I was compelled to read between the lines and each of the key players utilized the art of body language and emotional intent to convey a strong story line. Barbora in particular was visually stimulating in an almost asexual way and at the same time in a sexy way. This comment can relate easily to each of the many emotions brought forward by her performance. Understated in terms of dialogue but powerful in terms of presence. I have been captured by this actresses delivery and shall eagerly seek out much more of her work.
critique4807 A truly adorable heroine who at turns is surprised and terrified by giblets wrestles with mattresses runs full-on into closed doors ... just a few of the moments that sparkle in my memory of 'The Naked Truth'. I LOVED what I caught of this show: enjoyably daft plots and some good supporting characters provided the setting for the diamond of the show - Tea Leoni as 'Nora Wilde'; cute clownish and wonderfully accident-prone - How refreshing to see an actress who can clown - it's no wonder Hollyood doesn't seem to know how to cast her. But where-oh-WHERE are the DVD releases? The amount of (bleep) they release it's incredible me that this little gem continues to remain buried. (Someone please correct me if I'm wrong.)
critique4808 What happens when someone has so much social anxiety that they cease to function? How alone can one man get? When the mundane crap we have to do in order to be part of society gets to be too much what happens? Frownland explores these questions. Definitely a startling original debut from Bronstein. The tone is strange and claustrophobic as we get inside the mind of a guy named Keith that is so messed up he can hardly form a proper sentence. We follow him around as he tries to make contact with people and function day to day. Most of us have known people like this- people that say "sorry" too much or "i appreciate it" when there's nothing to appreciate. So we know there are people out there like this but why would someone want to make a movie about them? Well because its interesting and Bronstein and the lead actor Dore Mann do an excellent job. This film is about as un-commercial as a film can get. A few friends filmed it over the course of a few years as they saved money. It was shot on 16mm and the scratched film look is beautifully low budget. With no distributer this may be a tough one to find I think it's been screening randomly for the past year or so. Hopefully it'll be on DVD at some point. I saw it at the Silent Movie Theater here in LA. There were 10 people in the audience among them Crispin Glover if that tells you anything about how weird this movie is. Highly recommended.
critique4809 This movie is a lot of fun. The actors really make the movie go the distance though. Without giving away the plot I would describe it as a new Princess Bride cult favorite that should stand the test of time. You get to see a whole different side to Robert DeNiro in this movie! (Worth the price of admission just for that!) All the elements are there from adventure to romance and well placed comedy.<br /><br />People of all ages will enjoy it. (My parents even did!) Good special effects may be scary for the little ones. Good date movie. Great for some escapism.<br /><br />Deserves an A. (Hope it does well at the box office)
critique4810 COME ON!!! They did that on purpose!! Two of my current faves on TV (Meloni from "Oz" and "L and O-SVU" and Janel from "West Wing") hook up for a nice little sleeper/character study. Plot's nothing fancy but the acting is right on the mark. Tim Busfield shows up for some neat bits. Worth a look.
critique4811 I watched this episode a lot of times because I didn't get how Prue died. This is what happened. Prue Piper and Phoebe try and save their innocentA Doctor because Shax wants to kill him. Phoebe goes upstairs to look in The Book Of Shadows while Prue and Piper are protecting their innocent. Shax appears while Phoebe is still upstairs so Shax throw an energy ball at the doctor but Prue pushes him out of the way and Prue get hit in the chest with it and smashes against the wall same with Piper. So Phoebe comes downstairs and says the spell since it was only Phoebe who said it and not the power of three Shax only got wounded. Phoebes calls Leo to heal Piper and Prue. So Leo heals them. Phoebe went into the Underworld to find Cole meanwhile Prue and Piper are looking for Shax in the streets. Piper and Prue see Shax and Piper uses her Power to Blow up Shax meanwhile a New reporter got it all on tape. So its all over the new about the three powerful Halliwell sisters meanwhile Phoebe doesn't know anything because she is still in the Underworld. There's Repoters and people all over the Halliwell house. Then a maniac comes in the house and says "Can I be Part Of Your Coven?" and Prue says "No this is our house get out of here!" and Prue uses her powers to throw her out. As the maniac come out of the house crying saying "There Mean Witches". The maniac gets so mad that she shoots Piper right through the stomach. Prue get in her car and trays to go to the hospital but people won't let her through so Prue uses her powers to move people out of the way making people wanna kill her more. They got to the hospital but Piper didn't make it. Meanwhile Phoebe is in the Underworld.Phoebe finds out that they have been exposed so Phoebe asks Cole to ask the source if he can reverse time.The Source says he will only reverse time if Phoebe promises to stay here in The Underworld so Cole told Phoebe what the source told him. Phoebe says "What would Make him think i would make a deal like that?" and then Cole says "So you can save one of your sisters lives." Leo goes to the hospital to find out the Piper really is dead so he tells Phoebe that its true. Then Phoebe agrees to stay only if Cole will go back to warn Piper and Prue about the exposer and death of Piper. Back at the hospital SWAT is about the shoot Prue but the second before they do time is rewound back when they were at the manor with the doctor but this time Phoebe wasn't there to call Leo to heal Prue and Piper so the doctor get throw in the wall too. The doctor died and so did Prue. But this is what I didn't get if Piper was throw against the wall too how come only Prue died? Why did they not show Leo come and heal Piper and Leo trying to heal Prue? If you know the answer please e-mail me at angelpuss924@yahoo.com PS. I miss Prue but I like Paige too and i'm glad the show continued
critique4812 This is without doubt the best documentary ever produced giving an accurate and epic depiction of World War 2 from the invasion of Poland in 1939 to the end of the war in 1945.<br /><br />Honest and to the point this documentary presents views from both sides of the conflict giving a very human face to the war. At the same time tactics and the importance of Battles are not overlooked much work has been put into the giving a detailed picture of the war and in particularly the high low and turning points in the allies fortunes. Being a British produced documentary this 26 part series focus is mainly on Britain but Russia and America's contribution are not skimmed over this is but one such advantage of a series of such length.<br /><br />Another worthy mention is the score the music and the whole feel of the documentary is one of turmoil struggle and perseverance. Like a film this series leaves the viewer in no doubt of the hardship faced by the allies and the Germans during the war its build to a climax at the end of every episode which serves to layer the coarse of the second world war. After watching all 26 the viewer is left with an extensive knowledge about the war and astonished at just how much we owe to the members of the previous generation.
critique4813 The Only Kung Fu Epic worth watching. The best training ever. The main character spending a hundred day's on his knees outside the shaolin temple show how desperate he is to learn kung fu to fight the manchu dogs who have taken over china.
critique4814 This movie was one of the best I have ever seen. Just the other day I was reminded of this movie by something on TV. It came back to me like a dam flooding over. I have never been more touched by a movie than by this one. After the movie was over I actually could not quit crying for about 2 hours. No movie has ever moved me that way before. I was 15 at the time of the movie and have not seen it since but am hoping I can find a copy to buy so that I can watch it whenever I want to. If someone suggests you see this movie with them GO....you will not be disappointed.<br /><br />Peggy Fries
critique4815 Everyone is surely familiar with this most famous of stories Ã‚Â– a heartless businessman is visited by the ghost of his dead partner on Christmas Eve and warned that if he continues in his uncaring ways then he will be doomed to an afterlife in chains. So that he can avoid his partner's fate he is visited by three spirits who show him visions of Christmases past present and yet to come so that he will hopefully see the error of his ways before it is too late. A rather morbid tale one might think but it is classic Charles Dickens and also one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories of all time.<br /><br />To me this is the definitive version of Dickens' timeless story; it's the one I always remember watching in school and I remember being absolutely terrified by it! The ghost of Jacob Marley the final scene with the ghost of Christmas present under the bridge and the ghost of Christmas yet-to-come especially I found very frightening. How on earth did the film gain the 'U' certificate? (For non-UK readers 'U' is the lowest classification it means family friendly and children welcome nothing to scare them etc... This is certainly not the case though as some smaller children will undoubtedly find the final segment positively terrifying with the grim reaper-like spectre of Christmas future.<br /><br />Be that as it may from the many versions of this classic story I have seen adapted for film this is possibly the most faithful to the book. Most notably included is a segment rarely seen in film adaptations of the original text - that of the ghost of Christmas present showing Scrooge the two children hidden under his robe (you'd never get away with a scene like that nowadays!). The two children represent Ignorance and Need (although changed to Want in this film).<br /><br />Criticisms for me however become apparent having watched it again with more objective and trained eyes the main one of which being that George C. Scott's portrayal of Scrooge seems simply not cold enough. He laughs too much. I don't want to use the word jolly because of course Ebeneezer is anything but but he does seem to be merely a grumpy old man rather than the positively unkind cold and uncaring man that he is in the book and other films. Patrick Stewart portrayed him excellently in one of the most recent versions filmed and Michael Caine despite acting alongside the Muppets was positively cold. Further the development of the character over the course of the film as he learns more about the error of his ways and grows towards redemption is unconvincing and appears inconsistent. He appears to have changed little by the time he reaches the third spirit's final lesson.<br /><br />But ignoring this one (albeit major) quibble it is still a spellbinding and ultimately heart-warming Christmas tale as all Christmas films should be. London of course looks like the perfect picturesque quaint snow-covered English town that many Americans probably imagine it still is (the truth is that even then that London was grey and grimy Ã‚Â– and any snow would never have been so white!) And everyone is so impeccably dressed too even the poor people look rather dapper. But of course it's a Christmas film so why shouldn't everything look nice? Perfect holiday season viewing; coupled with copies of It's a Wonderful Life Miracle on 34th Street and The Snowman and you've got everything you need.
critique4816 Going for something far away from the deliberately gross stuff that he usually makes John Waters (happy birthday John!) made this parody of the celebrity/art world. Edward Furlong plays the title character a working-class teenager in Baltimore who loves to photograph things. When a New York agent (Lili Taylor) discovers his work she offers him his big break which he accepts. But once he hits it big he has to reconsider everything.<br /><br />Basically "Pecker" looks at how he loses his friends and his normal life once he becomes a celebrity. The sort of thing that we might expect sure but with Waters directing there's always a few things to shock us (you'll know them when you see them). I certainly recommend it. Also starring Christina Ricci Mink Stole and Patty Hearst.
critique4817 Like a great many twilight zone episodes one of my favorite parts of this one was the overt social commentary that Serling is making with the story. As was the case with a recent episode "The Howling Man" I was reminded of my long standing suspicion that for example if Jesus were to come to earth to bring his followers to Heaven he would be immediately judged insane and probably thrown into an asylum. Our main character in this episode meets a similar problem when trying to convince the 1860s Americans that he is from the future and the President Lincoln is about to be assassinated. The episode wrongly asserts that this means that some parts of the past can be changed while others can't but it's a fun time travelling romp nonetheless.<br /><br />Granted we don't know for a fact whether history could be changed by time travel because time travel has never been accomplished and sadly never will be. But it seems logical to me that if you could physically place yourself in a time of the past you could physically prevent something from happening as long as you didn't flail around like a lunatic yelling about assassinations.<br /><br />One of the consistently interesting things about time travel films and TV shows in my opinion is the method by which the time travel takes place. There is really no method at all here our main character is having a conversation about time travel at a posh gentlemen's club and then walks outside and into a dissolve from the early 1960s to the mid 1860s but no matter. The twilight zone has thus far not struck me for its complex sets or high production values.<br /><br />Russell Johnson plays the part of Peter Corrigan the time traveller and upon discovering that he has been somehow transported back to the exact day of Lincoln's assassination he manages to get himself thrown in prison but luckily for him John Wilkes Booth for some reason just happened to be hanging out at the police station and overheard the frantic Corrigan desperately trying to describe the very assassination that Booth was planning for that night.<br /><br />Booth requests custody of Corrigan for some psychiatric experimentation and the police officer sees nothing wrong with relinquishing custody to this guy. He had a business card after all how bad could he be?<br /><br />The show seems to suggest that you can change people's lives by slightly altering events in the past through time travel and while I'm not willing to accept that time travel would include such limitations it's still a fun episode that really makes you think which is one of my favorite qualities of the good twilight zone shows...
critique4818 Fascinating movie based on a true story about an Australian woman Lindy Chamberlain (Meryl Streep) accused of killing her baby daughter. She insists that a dingo took her baby but the story is highly suspicious. The film is actually about the media circus that took place around the case the way Australians interpreted what was presented in the media and the lynch mob mentality that ultimately led to the woman's conviction based on barely any hard evidence. I love films that question the media and also films that take a hard look on how people are railroaded by the justice system. I've always thought that juries ought to be showed 12 Angry Men before they go through with their duties. It's not as has often been said a liberal movie but a clinical look at how we as human beings interpret events based so much on our prejudices and a desire for revenge. A Cry in the Dark is likewise clinical. Schepisi is careful not to make the film at all melodramatic. Some may find the film boring or dry but I found it engaging.
critique4819 Monster of Mexico I do agree is the weakest of the modern Scooby Doo movies mainly because of the weak plot and how predictable it all was. Loch Ness Monster however is a considerable improvement with gorgeous animation honestly Scotland looked beautiful. The music is good and the plot is well thought out. Plus there is some great dialogue and the voice acting was fabulous with Casey Kasem a consistent delight as Shaggy and the beautiful Scottish singer Sheena Easten a pleasant surprise in a guest starring role. In fact my only complaints were some strange accents in one or two members of the voice cast with the exception of Easten whose accent did sound genuine and somehow the Loch Ness Monster wasn't as well designed as it had potential to be. Overall a solid and enjoyable Scooby Doo film. 8/10 Bethany Cox
critique4820 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique4821 I had the great pleasure of recently viewing this beautifully filmed wide-screen adaption of the the 1943 stage revival (which unlike the original 1935 production) which included extensive spoken recitatives. This had been the fashion at the time so to blame the film for an 16 year tradition. The film should be seen if only for Sammy Davis Jrs brilliant catlike performance as Sportin' Life creeping in and out of shadows. His seduction of Dorothy Dadridge's BESS "There's a Boat dat's leavin' soon for New York" is one of many highlights. Nearly all of the principal music is intact and beautifully sung. It certainly never bores which the recent PBS and MET versions did. It was a pleasure to see that time had not diminished the movie and hopefully it will be made available in the near future for the generations that haven't had a chance to experience it.
critique4822 I'm an action movie fan but until today I've never seen a preview or an ad for this movie in Italy so I went to see "The Long Kiss Goodnight" on pay-TV hoping for nothing special.<br /><br />But what a surprise! This movie is great! The only problem I found is the presence of some holes in the plot but the rest is the most entertaining intriguing and funny action movie ever made.<br /><br />The transformation of Samantha/Charly from ordinary wife-teacher to cool-blooded agent recovering from amnesia seems to be a good idea. The action scenes and the stunts are the best I've ever seen. Samuel L. Jackson adds some of the best lines I have ever heard and his chemistry with Geena Davis is good.<br /><br />And what about Geena? She is wonderful she plays the best action heroine ever seen and does strong convincing acting and fantastic stunts.<br /><br />So I think this movie had weak performances at box office and bad critics because most reviewers and some kind of public have a hard time with strong female lead roles.<br /><br />9/10.
critique4823 Romantic comedy is not the correct way to describe "How to lose friends & alienate people". The underlying romance in the plot is for the most part displaced by a far more interesting "rags to riches" tale. Although the central line of the story is somewhat rushed passed in several screen shots it does have a sense of; getting the "nitty gritty" out of the way focusing on those key relationships which make "office politics" and using those almost irrelevant scenes used purely for comic effect. Yet it works so well especially with Pegg in the front seat. The film is ultimately very clever playing well on the trans-Atlantic relationship Pegg shares with his co-stars and merging the cross between the high and low -life society quite well and quite refreshingly in a storyline that despite predictability is somewhat of a unique journey. The different characters in the film are presented well and casting is definitely a plus point on the film. Both the "trading places" relationship between Pegg and Huston and the "love hate" relationship between Pegg and Dunst do work so well in a story that is for want of a better word charming. Even Fox whose main asset is of course sex appeal shocks with what turns out to be quite a dark character and acts that "bimbo" role all to well. Its one of these films where every little detail does pay tribute to a great piece of work. From transsexual strippers to an amazing soundtrack it all meshes nicely into what can only be described as clever comedy.
critique4824 I enjoyed this film. It was lighthearted delightful and very colorful. You can see that MGM was showing off Technicolor. There are hardly any colors that do not appear in this film. Every scene is packed full. The choreography was great. Gene Kelly is a wonder. He is so talented. The dance numbers in this film are all perfectly executed and perfectly designed. He understands that the dances can tell the story as much as anything else. The last section of the film the grand dance sequence is very impressive. What makes this film very special is Gershwin's music. Few American composers have had a better gift for melody. I very much enjoy Gershwin's music. It is enchanting. Ira Gershwin is definitely one of the greatest lyric writers. He is so witty and charming. This was a highly entertaining film.
critique4825 Eye in the Labyrinth is not your average Giallo...and to be honest I'm not really sure that it really is a Giallo; but Giallo or not despite some problems this is certainly a very interesting little film. I'm hesitant to call it a Giallo because the film doesn't feature most of the things that make these films what they are; but many genre entries break the mould and this would seem to be one of them. The film doesn't feature any brutal murders as many Giallo's do but this is made up for with a surreal atmosphere and a plot just about confusing enough to remain interesting for the duration. The plot seems simple enough in that it focuses on a doctor who is murdered by Julie his patient who for some reason she sees him as her lover and father and is offended when he walks out on her. We then relocate to a big house lived in by a number of people but nothing is really what it seems as there are a number of secrets surrounding various events that happened before Julie's arrival...<br /><br />The film seems to be professing something about how the mind is like a labyrinth. This never really comes off and I preferred to just sit back and enjoy what was going on rather than worrying about what point (if any) the film is trying to make. Eye in the Labyrinth is directed by Mario Caiano the director behind the excellent Night of the Doomed some years earlier. He doesn't create the atmosphere as well in this film as he did in the earlier one; but the surreal aspects of the story come off well and the mystery is always kept up which stops the film from becoming boring. The film stars Rosemary Dexter who provides eye candy throughout and also delivers a good performance. Most of the rest of the cast aren't really worth mentioning with the exceptions of Adolfo Celi who is good as the villain of the piece and Alida Valli whom cult fans will remember from a whole host of excellent cult flicks. The film does explain itself at the end; which is lucky as I'm sure I'm not the only viewer who was more than a little confused by then! Overall this may not be classic stuff; but its good enough and worth seeing.
critique4826 Titanic is a classic. I was really surprised that this movie didn't have a solid ten overall in the IMDb user rankings. Maybe it's just cool to not give Titanic credit nowadays but when it was first made it was really something. When the movie came out people flocked to the theaters. When it came out on video my sister and i would watch it twice a day for a month. It was safe to say we were obsessed and for good reason. Some of the disaster scenes were hard to forgot like the frozen baby or the guy who committed suicide after killing someone in the unruly crowd. Many people died on that ship and to convey that on film with the immediacy and emotion it needed is a hard challenge that James Cameron stepped up to. And let's not forget the amazing romance between Jack and Rose. Whether or not their relationship was a figment of someone's imagination it was lovely. They barely knew each other but they would die for each other. They trusted each other. They sure as hell are giving Romeo and Juliet a run for their money. "I'll never let go Jack." Titanic is a great film down to it's very core. It is a powerful story told through brilliant acting excellent cinematography beautiful music and a crew full of hard and dedicated workers. It really blows my mind when someone says they hate this movie.
critique4827 This is a charming movie to say the least. The main character Fanda is an old man who refuses to be among the living dead by which he is surrounded. He and his accomplice go around pulling pranks and getting into trouble all over town. Meanwhile his family is up in arms about what to do with him. From there you see Fanda's relationships with his wife best friend and son develop. It finally leads up to one of the best movie endings I have ever seen.<br /><br />The characters in this movie are rich and deep. They develop well through the course of the film. The movie has quite a range of moods. It goes from light and funny to grim and dark. Any slow parts for you in this film will be made up for in the end.<br /><br />Autumn Spring carries a similar message like a lot of other European movies do -- don't lose sight of the small pleasures in life. If you enjoyed Amelie The Eighth Day or Life is Beautiful (all great films BTW) you will probably like this movie.<br /><br />8.5/10
critique4828 I rank OPERA as one of the better Argento films. Plot holes and inconsistencies? Sure but I don't think they impair this film as much as many other reviewers seem to. A lot of elements that are in many of Argento's films are kinda "off-the-wall" but that's part of the draw of his films...<br /><br />Short story: psycho stalks the opera's new leading lady. The typical Argento twists and turns ensue leading up to a decent payoff of a climax. Not Argento's best but I still pull this one out from time to time. Definitely worth a look if you like his other stuff - just don't get this one mixed up with the abysmal PHANTOM OF THE OPERA remake that Argento did that one is truly awful... 8/10
critique4829 I remember the first time I saw this movie -- I was in the office working over the weekend & the TV was on for background noise. But I gradually found myself more & more engaged in this movie I'd never seen or heard of until I was completely absorbed. A Matter of Life & Death (the British title -- Stairway to Heaven in the US) is delightful compelling whimsical & moving all in one superbly-written well-acted perfectly-directed package. It's a classic that really does rank right up there with Casablanca It's a Wonderful Life Gone With the Wind Citizen Kane & Chariots of Fire. WHY has it never received the same public notice & video-store prominence? Fortunately SOME knowledgeable critics HAVE put it on their "Top 100 of all time" lists. There IS hope -- 1940's Fantasia wasn't a hit 'til the '60s & the Wizard of Oz was a dud at the box office but made a hit by TV. Buy it -- rent it -- watch it -- demand it! You WON'T be disappointed!
critique4830 My Left Foot is a pretty impressive film that tells the story of Christy Brown an artist who was crippled with cerebral palsy and learned to paint with his left foot the only limb in his body he had control over. Daniel Day-Lewis won his first Oscar as Best Actor for this film which I'm not absolutely certain was deserved but is still noteworthy. Day-Lewis give Brown a realistic and occasionally almost humorous touch. Brenda Fricker as Brown's devoted mother also won an Oscar for a believable and touching role. My problem with this film is that it is a bit too real at times. When Brown is in desperation and must help someone and do it all with his left foot the film can be difficult to watch. This gives it an often depressing feel that may turn off some viewers for a time. However if you look beyond that you will see a sense of hope and inspiration for those who have handicaps and other difficulties to overcome. Those of us who are not crippled and still consider ourselves to have problems are inspired by this film because if somewhat with a much worse condition than us can overcome their difficulties we can certainly do the same thing. Well made occasionally enjoyable but difficult to watch. May not be for everyone but not bad at all.<br /><br />*** out of ****
critique4831 Playing a character from a literary classic can be a bit of a poisoned chalice for an actor paying for the pleasure of a meaty character by competing with the fantasies of generations of readers Ã‚Â– not to mention the numerous other actors who've besieged the castle before. Fortunately for the fantasists this version Ã‚Â– with the nicely cast Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton Ã‚Â– stands head and shoulders above versions that have come after it. It's the right length to do the story full justice and makes considerable use of Bronte's cracking dialogue; none of that modern meddling away cutting text and adding new and inferior scenes.<br /><br />The magic of the original story lies in the tensions created between the central characters and the lives circumstances create for them to lead. Jane Ã‚Â– "poor plain and little" Ã‚Â– grows up on the stinting charity of a cold aunt her nature and independence shaped by a long spell in a very harsh school. She arrives as a governess in the household of Mr Rochester utterly friendless and alone. She represses herself habitually out of duty and hard experience but her passionate nature soon finds its touch-paper in her stern keenly intelligent enigmatic master to whom she is drawn as he is to her by forces beyond their control. Rochester is the caged tiger busy "paving hell with energy"; potentially dangerous to all who come into contact with him Ã‚Â– but "pervious through a chink or two". His character is extraordinary: he takes extraordinary liberties with a paid subordinate; but then Jane is no ordinary employee as he sees. But a dark secret and severe trials lie before them both.<br /><br />It's a pleasure to hear Bronte's remarkable dialogue spoken by such accomplished actors Ã‚Â– Dalton in particular seems formed for passion on a Brontean scale. If you've only ever seen him as a not-so-memorable Bond you've missed the thing he's best at. Those who've commented that his Rochester is too handsome miss the point of these dramatisations: his character has simply too much screen time for a really ugly man to retain the viewer's attention. Timothy Dalton is just right not always or consistently handsome but often glancingly strikingly so just as it should be. And Zelah Clarke's Jane is no wallflower; she conveys the emotions of a woman who habitually represses her sense of humour and her passionate nature very successfully allowing her rare outbursts to show to more dramatic effect.<br /><br />Not so long ago the BBC aired an excellent dramatisation of Jean Rhys' enlightened and most unsettling riposte to Bronte "Wide Sargasso Sea" imagining the back-story of the first Mrs Rochester. Do check it out Ã‚Â– you'll never see the 'hero' of "Jane Eyre" in quite the same way again.
critique4832 College girl Joanne Murray takes on the unenviable job of readying the student housing building to become apartmentswhich includes selling the unneeded furniture This takes place during a breakso a mysterious psycho is stalking the nearly-empty premises on campus."Dorm that Dripped Blood" is a low-budget slasher flick that is quite entertaining.The acting is pretty badthe plot is predictablebut the gore effects are quite good.The film was made by UCLA film students Stephen Carpenter and Jeffrey Obrow for next to nothing.Soon a dreamy ambiance kicks invery similar to the enveloping forests of Jeff Leiberman's fantastic "Just Before Dawn".7 out of 10.It's great to see Daphne Zuniga of "The Initiation" fame run over few times by a car.
critique4833 This is the kind of movie that you rent when you are incredibly tired or impaired in some other way... The acting in this movie is so bad it seems intentional and to let you know how bad the special effects are there is one scene when the puppets are coming alive where you can see most of a hand holding the puppet moving it about. The movie looked as if it was filmed with a camcorder. When I saw this movie for the first time a fistfight nearly erupted when my friends and I were calling each other names from this flick that's how terrible it was. If you enjoy getting mad at movies I recommend this to you otherwise flee as though your very life depended on it.
critique4834 Hey now I have never laid eyes on a Manga comic but apparently this movie is based on one. Ah well such is life. Anyway this is a pretty bizarre to say the least movie as things literally spiral out of control in a small Japanese town. People are becoming obsessed with the uzumaki (spiral) and this young girl watches her friend's father videotape a snail and later in the movie people start becoming snails? It also seems this boy's dad becomes so obsessed he somehow commits suicide in a household appliance. There is some bizarre humor here that might be at home in a Tim Burton movie but there is some nastiness & gore like only the Japanese can do with justice. As with a lot of Japanese films though the ending is the ending and did anything get resolved? Well not to my mind it didn't. There are some hints as to why this is all happening but they aren't explored and there's a lot left to either the imagination or else it wasn't deemed important. Still though there are lots of things for the eye to feast on and if you aren't obsessed with everything making perfect sense this is well worth seeing because it's just so original and bizarre. My favorite was the father with the spinning eyeballs personally. 8 out of 10 stars.
critique4835 This has to be one of my 3 favorite Episodes from the Original TV Series.<br /><br />What makes it great is the battle of wits between The Romulan Commander and Kirk as well as the top-notch acting from Mark Lenard who later went on to play Spock's father in other TV Episodes and movies. This is a case where those around rose to the level of the talent around them and Shatner Nimoy and the whole cast deliver an outstanding performance in this episode.<br /><br />The writing and plot are also excellent and I love the direct approach used to show us the characters and the feelings and thoughts of those characters and how freely they are expressed by the actors. <br /><br />This very entertaining episode ranks 10 out of 10. AWESOME!! Desert-Buddha
critique4836 ***SPOILERS*** All too in real life as well as in the movies familiar story that happens to many young men who are put in a war zone with a gun or rifle in their hands. The case of young and innocent in never handling or firing a gun Jimmy Davis Franchot Tone has been repeated thousands of times over the centuries when men like Jimmy Davis are forced to take up arms for their country.<br /><br />Jimmy who at first wanted to be kicked out of the US Army but was encouraged to stay by being belted in the mouth by his good friend Fred P. Willis Spencer Tracy ended up on the front lines in France. With Jimmy's unit pinned down by a German machine gun nest he single handedly put it out of commission picking off some half dozen German soldiers from the safety of a nearby church steeple. It was when Jimmy gunned down the last surviving German who raised his arms in surrender that an artillery shell hit the steeple seriously wounding him.<br /><br />Recovering from his wounds at an Army hospital Jimmy fell in love with US Army volunteer nurse Rose Duffy Gladys George. Rose was really in love with Jimmy's good friend the happy go lucky Fred despite his obnoxious antics towards her. It's when Fred was lost during the fighting on the Western Front that Rose thinking that he was killed fell in love and later married Jimmy. When Fred unexpectedly showed up in the French town where Jimmy now fully recovered from his wounds was stationed at things got very sticky for both him and Rose who had already accepted Jimmy's proposal of marriage to her!<br /><br />With WWI over and Jimmy marrying Rose left Fred who's still in love with her a bitter and resentful young man. It was almost by accident that Fred ran into Jimmy on the streets of New York City and discovered to his shock and surprise that he completely changed from the meek and non-violent person that he knew before he was sent to war on the European Western Front. Smug and sure of himself and his ability to shoot a gun Jimmy had become a top mobster in New York City's underworld! Not only that but as Fred later found out his wife Rose had no idea what Jimmy was really involved in with Jimmy telling her that he works as a law abiding and inoffensive insurance adjuster.<br /><br />Jimmy's life of crime came full circle when Rose after she found out about his secret life ratted him out to the police to prevent him from executing a "Valentine Day" like massacre with his gang members dressed as cops of his rival mobsters. While on trial Jimmy came to his senses and admitted his guilt willing to face the music and then after his three year sentence is up get his life back together. <br /><br />***SPOILER ALERT*** Hearing rumors from fellow convicts that Rose and his best friend Fred were having an affair behind his back Jimmy broke out of prison ending up a fugitive from the law. It's at Fred's circus where he works as both manger and barker that Jimmy in seeing that Rose as well as Fred were true to him that he like at his trial had a sudden change of heart. But the thought of going back to prison with at least another ten years added on to his sentence was just too much for Jimmy! It was then that Jimmy decided to end it all by letting the police who by then tracked him down do the job that he himself didn't have the heart to do for him!
critique4837 This film came as a gift - a late-night offering out of the blue - so unlike other reviewers I had no preconceptions whatsoever. I found myself glued to my seat as the film slowly dictated its own rhythm its own unfolding. I was drawn to acknowledge my own deep love and humanity as I willed for "good" to prevail - but also forced to wryly acknowledge that sometimes I was on the side of the "bad" guys. The film is quite quite beautiful - the word "elegiac" comes to mind and this more than because the film begins and ends in an elegy. Far from being depressing or confronting to me the film acknowledges deep suffering - and then by its cyclic nature - with the births and re-births as well as the deaths - the film celebrates the fact that to quote an Aussie poet there is "sometimes gladness." Oh gods I feel as tho I've just written a love letter to this film - but there it is. Hola!
critique4838 The plot:Kurt Harris (Jeff Wincott) a bitter ex-cop goes undercover in the "Peacemakers" after his friend is killed by their leader. While there he discovers that the woman wants to run for mayor and will do anything to achieve this goal even murder.The cast is good(Jeff Wincott is a good martial artist and good actor)...Brigitte Nielsen plays a sexy antagonist together another bad guy plays Matthias Hues also him good martial artist.The direction is good(the fight scenes also).The rest is OK with Tony Burton who plays a friend of Kurt killed from Nilsenand Cyndi Pass plays a bad girl.From producers of another action/martial arts film(Bounty Tracker with Lorenzo Lamas)a good action film.The best film of Martial Law series.
critique4839 I first saw "The Knowledge" during a Thames Television marathon on one of the local independent stations in Los Angeles back when it was new. I enjoyed it very much along with danger UXB.<br /><br />That a movie I saw once over twenty year ago should stick so well in my memory is a testament to it's originality and the quality of the performances by the cast.<br /><br />I looked for a DVD copy here in the U.S.A. And found none. I finally gambled and bought a UK DVD off Ebay and was delighted to find that it has no Region Code. So those of us that would like to see this little gem can get a copy.
critique4840 FOUR FRIENDS was first billed on HBO in 82 as a sleeper hit. Having heard the term 'sleeper' when 14 back then - I was anxious to see one. (!) Boy - was I surprised! That film! I hadn't really fallen in love with a non-special effects film outside of TREASURE OF THE SIERRA MADRE - much less a 'hippy flick'...but having had grown up with a couple of hippies - I understood the power behind Mr. Penn's film. FOUR FRIENDS is definitely one of a kind. The script is so personable - and that cast!!! Craig Wasson defines Danilo Prozor SO well! He just personifies the 'writer type' to a tee - both smart and clumsy (the scene at the window...) and strong yet so very vulnerable. For me - he captures what it's like to be so taken with agirl that it lasts over a decade...and I have always found solace in the character - and in the film. Throughout the 80's FOUR FRIENDS was a partner in crime to me - and I caught the movie whenever I could on HBO - even if I had to stay up until 5AM! And still always at the end - there is a sense of loss when all those wonderful characters part from the viewers on the beach. Jodi Thelen personifies "that girl" to the hilt - it is so hard not to be charmed by her. This movie really stands the test of time. Every once and a while I check out my video of it...or show a friend...and it STILL gets a solid reaction. I've known women who absolutely fall in love with Georgia! So many levels..! Just an incredible little 60's piece of humanity. Very special very magical. I recently found THE NOVELIZATION of FOUR FRIENDS by Robert Grossbach - and it's even more detailed that the movie! Actual dates of events etc. A real find! And what's more - haha - I found the novel while thumbing around in a used book store...in Omaha NE of ALL places!!! Guess you have to have an eye for her! When I was in L.A. in 92 working as an extra - I went into a ruddy lil memorbilia shop - and there were a TON of stills from the film!!! Unfortunately - I was broke and couldn't indulge...but boy those photos of Georgia and the guys all together just went right through me! I met director Joe Sergant on the set of SKYLARK in Emporia KS in summer of 92...and we spoke about FOUR FRIENDS - very cool! Also...working at a video store in Omaha in 98 - waited on a female who was a relative of Jim Metzler..! Told her to pass the word on that there was some kid in Omaha who was just fanatical about the film - and had gotten the utmost out of it. Once again - the movie captures everything that's in Danilo's character's heart...great great work --- one of mssrs Tesich and Penn's finest efforts. Steve Tesich is sorely missed. An incredible writer. "Isadora Duncan!!!"<br /><br />- C.
critique4841 Three girls the youngest descendents of the Gaylord family one of America's most royal families are orphaned at a young age. Right before he goes off to France to fight in WWI their father tells the oldest Fiona never to sell the land. By the time the sisters have become adults they have had to squander most of their money to pay for lawyers to defend their property. Through certain loopholes in the father's will a man named Charles Barclay stands to gain possession of the Gaylord land on which he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller who was buying up land and buildings from affluent families in New York so he could build Rockefeller Center.<br /><br />This film deals mostly with the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters. Fiona well played by Barbara Stanwyck although it's certainly not to be counted as one of her best roles seems like a cold domineering woman and it becomes clear that she has some skeletons in her closet. Susanna played by Nancy Coleman is a little ditsy and completely in love with a young modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman's was my favorite performance in the film. Evelyn played by Geraldine Fitzgerald is a rather pretentious seductress with a monocle who married into noble blood in England but that doesn't stop her from trying to steal Gig from her sister. The three sisters are developed quite well but as is the major trend in The Gay Sisters never well enough. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. He isn't very good. Well he would be satisfactory if the story had played out the way it should have but he always seems like a scumbag in the film. When we're asked to sympathize with him late in the film it's impossible. Gig Young is played by huh? Gig Young. No he's not playing himself. What happened is that the actor who had acted in several movies previously under his real name Byron Barr was pressured by Warner Brothers to change his name to something more catchy. I'm not sure who made the final choice but he eventually changed his screen name to Gig Young after the character whom he plays in The Gay Sisters. Weird eh? Young is quite good through most of the film but the script does some unfortunate things with his character late in the film which ultimately harm the audience's sympathy for him. In two other supporting roles Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are quite good.<br /><br />The Gay Sisters had great potential to turn out to be one of the great cinematic family sagas. The characters are all interesting as are their situations. Unfortunately the script never strives for anything more than the simplest melodrama. If it had made the interrelationships of all the major characters more complex fleshed out for example the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna or made the flashback more intricate the film could have been fantastic. It also could have fleshed out the prologue more let us know more about the Gaylord family. We need to care more about the characters and we need to sympathize with them more. And the ending needed some major fixing. It basically just gives up at the end. Fiona's problems are solved so poorly that it hurts. Whatever sympathy her character had gained as the film progressed falls apart. It's also far too happy. This story seems moving towards tragedy or maybe just a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig is never solved. As bad as Fiona's story ends Susanna's Gig's and Evelyn's is even worse.<br /><br />I still liked the film. It's thoroughly watchable even if it doesn't involve us like other great films of the era. 7/10 mostly for its potential. It should have been remade or the novel should have been re-adapted at some point during the studio era. It is too dated to be remade now. The 1950s would have been the best time during the time of films like Giant.
critique4842 When I saw this as a child it answered all of my questions and dispelled any fears or misconceptions that I had. It is easy to watch because it is animated which makes it unthreatening. It has no moral bias or "preachy" aspects so nobody should have any objections to it. It is a pleasant film that simply gives the facts of menstruation in a reassuring "matter-of-fact" way. I hope to show it to my daughter.
critique4843 From the crash of the opening theme "The Man With the Golden Arm" is classic 1950's entertainment. No subtlety here Frank comes home from prison with a monkey on his back and goes right back to the old neighborhood where the old scumbags still lurk. This is a tale of his dark ride with all of his emotional baggage intact. The performances are all a bit overripe but that's part of the fun of watching. Darren McGavin and Arnold Stang are unforgettable and almost steal the show. This and "The Manchurian Candidate" are the two greatest Chairman of the Board films in my humble opinion. Don't miss either one of them.
critique4844 I'm totally surprised by some of the comments on this forum and many of the reviews. I think Tony Scott made a good movie here. Yes it is highly stylized flashy and over the top but it is very entertaining. I'm glad at least Ebert and Roeper agrees with me :) <br /><br />This movie may not be for anyone but if you like over-the-top dark humor cool action and dialog you should see it. <br /><br />I've previously seen Scott's Man on Fire Crimson Tide and Enemy of the State - all good movies but I like this one more. It's like a roller-coaster ride with great soundtrack selections visual styles and in a time when all movies seem to be pg13 it is nice to see that someone isn't afraid of showing nudity gory violence and have explicit dialog.<br /><br />It doesn't hurt that Keira is super-hot and even shows nipples in this one either...
critique4845 Yes this film is another remake. Yes this film can be considered a chick-flick. And yes this film is not perfect. The Women is however a clever modern update on the social behaviors of all women with an impressive cast of A-listers including Meg Ryan Debra Messing Annette Benning and Bette Midler.<br /><br />The film revolves around four main characters Mary (Ryan) her best friend editor-in-chief Sylvie (Benning) Alex (Jada Pinkett-Smith) and Edie (Debra Messing) and the out-of-this-world female creature who is responsible for most of the film's dramanamed Crystal (Eva Mendez). Mary is trying to deal with her cheating husband (who's never actually seen in the film) by following the advice of both her friends and her mother (Candice Bergen).<br /><br />Aside from Mary there's Sylvie who's torn between her social life and her professional life. She has decisions to make that test her moral and ethic values. Then there's writer Alex who's a lesbian with a lot of spunk but knows her way with words. And finally Edie with four girls and another baby on the way who loves children and has a heart of gold with a hidden secret revealed at the end.<br /><br />Together the women live for revenge rely on each other and give each other life lessons. But it's the cameos by Bette Midler Candice Bergen Cloris Leachman Carrie Fisher and Debi Mazar that show the cruel and usual behavior of women. Bergen plays Ryan's mother she's tough silver-tongued experienced and yet feels she could have become what her daughter does later. There's Fisher who shows how to blackmail and test the boundaries of selfishness morals and betrayal. Mazar the gossip girl that shows no mercy for what she says and whom she says it to. Leachman who plays Ryan's sassy housekeeper she knows her place when and where she's needed and how to deliver a good one-liner. Finally there's MIdler who plays Leah Miller a crazy eclectic but wise Hollywood agent. She's the one character who gives Ryan's Mary an epiphany on who she truly is by discovering "what do I want." Despite Midler's scene stealing performance and memorable quotes she was underused.<br /><br />But back to the film together the women show the audience what it means to live in the 21st century without knowing exactly what you want until the time comes when you answer that very own question. It tackles feminism what it means to be a woman (fierce ruthless bad-ass tacky smart sly clever shy proud ashame self-conscious careless beautiful strong independent); and also what it is that women want why are women the way they are. It's funny modern and by all means not a masterpiece. But the Bottom line is it's worth the money and time to see veteran and younger actresses teach us all about women.
critique4846 Another Downey must-see! If you are an obsessed fan like me you have got to see this movie! He plays Alex Finch a 22 year old Yale grad who realizes that the life he just came into is the life he left 26 years earlier. Alex is the re-incarnation of Louie Jeffries a no-nonsense lawyer happily married to Corrine (Cybil Sheppard). Louie is killed on their one-year anniversary when he is hit by a car. He demands to go back only this time in the body of Alex Finch. Enter Robert Downey Jr. a lot of confusion and a lot of laughs.<br /><br />Although this movie is 15-years old it still makes you wonder if there really is such a thing as re-incarnation. And if so how often to you meet the same souls life after life. I don't know the answer. But I do know that you need to see this movie. It is a riot and Downey looks SO GOOD in a tuxedo. This film makes you believe in love and true love never dies. It just gets recycled.
critique4847 Very good drama about a young girl who attempts to unravel a series of horrible crimes. She enlists the aid of a police cadet and they begin running down a series of clues which lead to a traveling carny worker with a long police record. An ending which is guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat.
critique4848 In Dublin the crippled rebel Rory O'Shea (James McAvoy) moves to the Carrigmore Residential Home for the Disabled affecting the lives of the residents. Roy is able to understand the unintelligible speech of Michael Connolly (Steven Robertson) who was left in the shelter by his prominent father many years ago due to his cerebral palsy and they become close friends. Rory convinces Michael to move from Carrigmore to an apartment in Dublin and they hire the gorgeous Siobhan (Romola Garai) to assist them. Living together with Rory Michael faces a new world finding friendship love and freedom and learning to survive by his own. <br /><br />"Inside I'm Dancing" is a wonderful tale of friendship and freedom in a very beautiful story. The acting of Steven Robertson and James McAvoy are awesome and I do not understand how they have not been nominated to the Oscar with such magnificent performances. Romola Garai has also a top-notch performance and is extremely beautiful and sexy. The screenplay is touching never corny and without redemption and the precise direction of Damien O'Donnell is very sensitive. Unfortunately the Brazilian title of the DVD is shamefully ridiculous giving a wrong idea of this excellent movie. My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Os Melhores Dias de Nossas Vidas" ("The Best Years of Our Lives")
critique4849 This film may seem dated today but remember that it was made in 1974 -- before Saturday Night Live before Howard Stern back when George Carlin was just getting beyond the Hippie Dippie Weatherman and into heavy satiric humor. This film is the granddaddy of them all. Enjoy it for its historical significance as well as for its strong entertainment value.
critique4850 My definition of a great movie is if you want to continue to see it over again. This movie for some reason strikes a cord in me even though the scenes with Scott Glenn still make me winch; I watch it over and over again and love the music!
critique4851 Inexplicably I watched this movie for the very first time just a couple of days ago and understood from the very beginning what all the fuss is about. This movie held my attention from beginning to end and ran me through the whole range of emotions (and might have helped me discover a few I never knew about.)<br /><br />Dustin Hoffman absolutely shines as Ted Kramer. He is absolutely convincing as a man having to juggle at least three different challenges in life: jilted husband workaholic ad executive and loving father. Meryl Streep as Joanna Kramer was less central to the movie simply because Joanna was absent for a good part of it but when she was on screen she gave Hoffman a run for his money. The true standout though (in my opinion) had to be young Justin Henry as Billy Kramer. Children are always the innocent victim in a marital breakdown and Justin seemed absolutely natural and completely believable in this role as he deals with the conflicting emotions around his mother and his adjustment to life with Dad only then to have the confusion around why he should have to leave his Dad when it was his Mom who walked out on him. Young Justin didn't seem to miss a beat in this very difficult role.<br /><br />All in all this is an excellent Oscar-worthy movie whose only weak point was what I thought to be a truly disappointing decision to go for the sappy and happy ending which was totally unrealistic considering the destructive custody battle Ted and Joanna had gone through. But there's not much else to complain about here.<br /><br />9/10
critique4852 I had initially heard of TEARS OF KALI a while back and it sounded like something I'd be into but with all the films I have coming in on a regular basis it kinda fell off my radar. While roaming around the local WonderBook...I spotted the box for this one and grabbed it up. I have to say I'm pretty glad I did. TEARS OF KALI is a strange gory sometimes downright creepy film which is somewhat constrained by it's obviously low budget - but is still an entertaining and worthwhile watch.<br /><br />TEARS OF KALI centers around the fictional India-based Taylor-Erikkson cult group that practices meditation and other rituals in the pursuit of facing and banishing the individual's "inner demons" - but apparently these techniques work either all too well or not well enough (depending on your viewpoint...) as dark forces are not only exorcised but also unleashed upon hapless victims.<br /><br />The film is told "anthology-style" with a short but memorable and "eye-opening" intro sequence and then proceeding into the three stories that make up the bulk of the film.<br /><br />The first (SHAKTI) is about a journalist who visits one of the cult-members who is being held at a mental hospital. The journalist goes in under cover of wanting to research the Taylor-Erikkson cult but we find that her true motives may hit a little closer to home. When the interview takes a violent turn the journalist finds that she may have gotten in over her head...<br /><br />The second part (Devi) concerns a violent young man who is sentenced to psychological rehab in lieu of a prison sentence for beating a young man into a coma. We find that the treating doctor in question is actually a Taylor-Erikkson "alumni" and his rehabilitation methods are far from the norm...<br /><br />The closing story (KALI) revolves around a quack "faith-healer" and his assistant who perform "miracles" for a fee. When the healer unwittingly helps one of his clients and actually expels a force which had been possessing her the demon is now free to roam and looking for a new host...<br /><br />I gotta say I really enjoyed TEARS OF KALI. There are some faults with the film that keep it from being truly excellent - but it is an original and ambitious film for what it is. My biggest gripe with the production is the poor and uninspired over-dubbed dialogue. The dubbing is sub-par and I would have much preferred to have a subtitled option with the original language track. Some reviewers have said the acting is poor which I don't necessarily agree with. I think that the dubbing is so lack-luster that it makes the performances seem stunted which isn't really the case. In fact a few of the performances are pretty damn chilling (the "doctor" in the second segment and the "client" in the third readily come to mind...) and notable. The gore FX are very well done for a low-budget film with some graphic scenes of eyelid-removal-via-cuticle-scissors a pencil-in-the-throat-suicide some decent (but irritatingly "shaky") self-flaying and a few other goodies thrown in for good measure. Not as rough as some of the more "extreme" gore films out there but definitely stronger than your average horror fare. I also found the story concerning the cult-group to be intriguing and a welcome change to the typical horror-story nonsense. There are plenty of scenes of genuine atmosphere and tension the likes of which I haven't come across in a while. Although flawed in some fundamental ways I still think TEARS OF KALI will appeal to most "underground" horror viewers - some scenes may prove too much for the more mainstream viewer. Definitely Recommended - 8.5/10
critique4853 Another hand-held horror means another divisive movie that fans should still seek out and make up their own minds about.<br /><br />Imagine a cross between The Blair Witch Project and The Grudge and you're close to the overall content of this movie. It's another videotaped horror but this time most of it is edited together in readiness for a video doc that was never completed by a supernatural investigator who disappeared.<br /><br />I certainly had a feeling of dread while watching this movie (does anyone do dreadful better than our Asian friends?) but the creepy moments the genuinely creepy moments were sadly a bit fewer and farther between than I had hoped. I also felt that I was two or three steps ahead of the investigator when apparent "revelations" appeared throughout so I certainly can't recommend this as highly as *Rec.<br /><br />Having said that it would be remiss of me not to highly recommend any film that goes on at length about ectoplasmic worms contains at least two subtly spooky ghost moments and made sure that I had to put the lights back on for a while when the sun went down.<br /><br />Check it out if you have been enjoying some of the other hand-held genre releases of late. And the finale is a hair-raising doozy.<br /><br />See this if you like: The Last Broadcast Pulse Angel Heart.
critique4854 Now I am not prone to much emotion but I cried seeing this movie. It certainly has more appeal among blacks than other ethnic groups but there is something here for everyone. The classic song "It's so Hard to Say Goodbye" really makes this one worth watching at least once.
critique4855 Let me start by saying that Liev has gained a ton of respect from me after seeing his directorial debut "Everything Is Illuminated". Anyone who has read the book knows how saturated the story is with nonsensical and hilarious vocabulary by Alex along with countless flashback scenes and crazy dreamlike sequences. Liev took all of this and made it work. The movie itself is great - the soundtrack the performances the cinematography - it all works. There is a lot of story missing about the town and its inhabitants but there's only so much you can do with an indie so this part of it didn't bother me too much. It's just disappointing that not a lot of people will see this movie or even know that it exists because of the lack of promotion that came with it. I didn't even know it was in theatres. I didn't know when the DVD came out. You'd think that since Frodo Baggins was one of the main characters SOMEBODY wouldve at least released a commercial for it. I had to see the trailer on my "Paradise Now" DVD (released on DVD in the Spring of '06) to even know that it had a "Fall of 2005" theatrical release date. Haha - sad really.<br /><br />Anyhow if you stumble across this review somehow because one of your friends read the book and loved it or saw the movie and are recommending that you see it - take my advice and watch it. It's a very good experience.<br /><br />8 out of 10.
critique4856 From the upper shelf of great Classic Books comes this masterful story written by Pearl Buck. The book like the movie is called " The Good Earth." It relates the story of Wang Lung (Paul Muni) a simple Chinese farmer who begins his day with a trip to the 'Great House' where he has taken a slave woman called O-lan (Luise Rainer) and made her his wife. Almost from the beginning she begins to adapt to his kindness by saving a small peach seed and planting it near her new home. During the following years O-Lan proves her worth by steadfastly sharing her husband's toil troubles and changing fortunes. Through the passing years they raise a family and watch their simple household weather both feast and famine. Indeed it's at the lowest point in their lives that each discovers the value of companionship loyalty and Love. With the changing times their growing family is both aided and threatened with friends and relatives like their Uncle (Walter Connolly) who is a scoundrel and charlatan but is compassionately tolerated. Wang has his 'Old Father' (Charley Grapewin) to advise and remind him of life's fragile and fickle nature. Two notable actors who make impressive appearances in this film are Keye Luke who plays Wang's Elder Son and Phillip Ahn who plays a Nationalist soldier. The film is in Black and White and is wonderfully adapted from the novel. Highly recommended for all audiences. ****
critique4857 I watched "Elephant Walk" for the first time in about 30 years and was struck by how similar the story line is to the greatly superior "Rebecca." As others have said you have the sweet young thing swept off her feet by the alternately charming and brooding lord of the manor only to find her marriage threatened by the inescapable memory of a larger-than-life yet deeply flawed relative. You have the stern and disapproving servant a crisis that will either bind the couple together or tear them irreparably apart climaxed by the fiery destruction of the lavish homestead.<br /><br />Meanwhile "Elephant Walk" also owes some of its creepy jungle atmosphere to "The Letter" the Bette Davis love triangle set on a Singapore rubber plantation rather than a Sri Lankan tea plantation.<br /><br />Maltin gives "Elephant Walk" just two stars and IMDb readers aren't much kinder but I enjoyed it despite its predictability. Elizabeth Taylor never looked lovelier and Peter Finch does a credible job as the basically good man unable to shake off the influence of his overbearing father. Dana Andrews -- a favorite in "Laura" and "The Best Year of Our Lives" -- is wasted as Elizabeth's frustrated admirer. The real star is the bungalow one of the most beautiful interior sets in movie history.
critique4858 Contrary to some people's summaries the women depicted in the film are not geisha. They are oiran (prostitutes) living outside the most famous pleasure districts and their lives and experiences represent the lives of a great number of Tokugawa era women. I can't say the stories were particularly enlightening but their charm lies in just how typical they are. The themes are universal and everyday: love friendship and sacrifice.<br /><br />I did greatly enjoy the art direction and the acting. I felt like I was getting a glimpse of a time and place I can never otherwise glimpse. The actors especially the 4 women who played the main oiran were a thrill to watch. I'd only recommend this movie to people who want a taste of Japanese culture or to those who enjoy quiet and emotional stories. It's a great example of both.
critique4859 They All Laughed is one of those little movies I am always recommending to friends seeking something out of the ordinary. It is firmly rooted in the screwball romance traditions of the past but seems more contemporary. Even the decidedly early 80s atmosphere doesn't date it too much. Bogdanovich wisely keeps the whole enterprise so light on its feet that reality never brings it crashing down to earth. But that said this sort of sweet little movie absolutely relies on the actors to keep it going and "TAL" is blessed with a dream cast who understand the requirements of this sort of tale. It is a movie that wouldn't linger so long in the memory if it weren't for the little moments provided by the excellent cast: Colleen Camp's simultaneously shouting orders at John Ritter and her dog; Blaine Novak unleashing all that hair from under his hat; and especially the moment Dorothy Stratten falls for John Ritter and says "How...weird." It's such a piece of fluff one doesn't want to lay too much on it for fear of crushing it but it is certainly does leave one with a light heart and a smile on one's face.
critique4860 Cool action - yeah the premise has been done - but not this way - that's the trick. hey folks - SHOCK - it's an X-File.<br /><br />To me - it's cool that Scully/Mulder have almost no scenes together -- they have to adapt rely on each other's intrinsic sense about what's really going on - and each other's adaptation skills. They read into each other's moves and get the job done.... (sort of).<br /><br />Oh yeah --- really good acting -- do these people get paid to do this? Or- a slow day when the convenience store doesn't call them into work. (hey - Duchovny - where's the day-old donuts?? Malcolm - get to school...)
critique4861 In a sport that prizes quirkiness and treasures it's characters one of the greatest of them from the 1930s was pitcher Dizzy Dean. He was so colorful a personality he was probably elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame on the strength of that as opposed to his pitching statistics. After all part of the Dean story is that early end to his career.<br /><br />In the Pride of St. Louis Dan Dailey successfully captures the character of Dizzy Dean at least the Dean I remember. I'm not old enough to remember him pitching but I do remember him broadcasting Baseball Game of the Week during the 1960s. For that's part of the Dean story as well being a pioneer broadcaster on radio and later television. Now that announcers are in the Hall of Fame there's no question Dizzy belongs there.<br /><br />Jerome Herman Dean was one of a tribe of sharecropper's kids who had very little schooling but an amazing talent for throwing a baseball at blinding speed. In fact he had a younger brother Paul Dean who was a pretty good pitcher himself.<br /><br />Richard Crenna plays Paul in this film and it's one of his earliest film roles. Paul Dean in real life was a quiet retiring sort who's career was also cut short by injuries. Because of that Crenna isn't given much to work with. During the Dean heyday sportswriters tried to pin the nickname of Daffy on Paul but it never took. <br /><br />Joanne Dru taking a break from playing western gals in gingham dresses and corsets is first rate as the wise patient and understanding Patricia Nash who met and married Dizzy while he was playing for Houston in the Texas League. <br /><br />In the 1937 All Star Game Dizzy started for the National League. Facing Cleveland's Earl Averill Dean was hit on the foot by a line drive smack at him. Refusing to listen to medical advice Dean came back to pitch too early. He'd broken a big toe and put too much of a strain on his arm. He was never the same pitcher and his refusal to accept that is part of the story. <br /><br />Had he had a career of say ten to fifteen years who knows what pitching statistics he might have rolled up. Dean was the next to last pitcher to win 30 games in 1934 and after Denny McLain(who was something of a character himself)did it 1968 it hasn't been done since.<br /><br />Dean went into broadcasting and while he was not the first former player to go into the broadcast booth his colorful game descriptions made him an instant hit. He started broadcasting for the other St. Louis team the Browns and the Browns were a pretty miserable team with not much to cheer about. Dean became a star attraction there.<br /><br />Of course part of the Dean story is the trouble he got into because of his lack of education and his colorful way of expressing himself on the air. That's part of the story I won't go into but in the film it's handled with tact and humility and your eyes might moisten if you tend to the sentimental.<br /><br />A fine baseball film a real tribute to an American success story.
critique4862 if you are going to see this movie by all means don't go into this movie with the expectation of this movie will be absolutely hilarious because you will be let down. yeah sure its funny at times but i would consider it a political thriller masqueraded as a comedy. the performances are very good especially by jeff goldblum as the head of the election company. even though he has limited screen time he makes a lasting impression. of course robin williams is excellent.laura linney is very good too what a surprise. she is one of the finest actresses in Hollywood and one scene in particular shows this. this film makes you think. what if a comedian ran for president and actually won? would the country be better off or would the country shatter into a million pieces?
critique4863 The beautiful charming supremely versatile and talented Irene Dunne is one of the greatest 5 or 6 actresses of American cinema. In Over 21 - as in all her films - she lights up the screen with a natural yet glamorous presence. She is simultaneously authentic and human AND a charismatic inspirational model. This role is quintessential Irene Dunne full of pathos and wit and a little mischief. I love all of her films and this film was a fantastic new discovery for me when TCM aired it last night. I hope they don't wait years to air it again.<br /><br />Likewise Charles Coburn is one of the greatest character actors in all of American filmdom. True he often portrays variations on the same theme but I never tire of watching his soft-hearted curmudgeons. Here his character is the perfect foil for Irene Dunne and he is portrayed perfectly by Coburn. Their conflicts in this film are absolutely fantastic. They never miss a beat. In addition they represent the central conflict of the film and the moral conflict of Irene Dunne's husband portrayed by Alexander Knox.<br /><br />I am not as familiar with Knox's work. He was recognizable but that was about all. However cast with Dunne and Coburn he holds his own. He delivers a fine nuanced performance. His character has noble motives that are made accessible to us by Knox's performance and never held over us like some holy grail. He is noble but conflicted and doubts his ability to successfully complete OCS. His interaction with Dunne is always convincing too. Dunne supports him without being syrupy or becoming a martyr and he responds in kind. Their scenes are very well done.<br /><br />The film itself is a fantastic snapshot of a moment and a milieu not portrayed in other movies. I don't recall off the top of my head another movie that portrays America still fighting WWII but with the end in sight and the focus on the establishment of the post-war world. Not the usual WWII movie! That in itself is interesting; it is also essential to the plot and the movie's message. In contrast to other commentators I thought that the climactic speech was okay but not great. It was delivered very well by Knox but it was not as "tightly" written as the build-up led me to expect. I have heard better cinematic speeches addressing very similar themes. It served its purpose.<br /><br />For me the greater value of the movie was the depiction of the life of Dunne and Knox as it reflected the typical OCS experience. The sense of community among the wives living on Palmetto Terrace seemed absolutely authentic - as did Palmetto Terrace itself despite the fact that it was obviously a sound stage set. The incredibly brief encounters between the wives and their OCS husbands. The rigors of the OCS candidates mastering the difficult and complex material they had to learn. The shabby "base housing" - obviously hastily constructed. The tired and worn furnishings. The constant and harrowingly short deadlines - for returning to base for learning lessons for catching trains to subsequent "posts." Tenants constantly running into their predecessors and successors in the base housing as they were moving in and out. Yes I suspect this was a glimpse of a real WWII experience - clothed in some comedy but very real at its core. I loved it and I recommend it highly.
critique4864 My friends and I were just discussing how frustrated we are with the way movies and especially romantic comedy's are being made. We feel offended by the schlock that Hollywood is serving up these days as they act like all is well.<br /><br />Well all is not well...with the exception of a few bright spots like this movie. It doesn't have the big name actors the big budget I don't think it had a big release (I rented from Hollywood Video) it didn't really have anything that most big budget romantic comedy's have.<br /><br />But it did have what most of those lack. It had great chemistry between the love interests "Parker" (Jonathan Schaech) and "Sam" (Alison Eastwood). Their love story wasn't forced on us like so many. The director took his time to allow these characters to truly get to know each other. Their story reminded me of one of my favorites "Tootsie".<br /><br />The supporting cast added not only really funny comic moments but depth to the story as well. James LeGros' character was absolutely priceless. Sam's gay friend was hysterical. Parker's interaction with his fellow employees in a Psychic Hotline was a lot of fun.<br /><br />I laughed I cried I remembered how great it feels to fall in love.
critique4865 I have to admit that for the first half hour or so of this movie I was basically lost. There had been some mildly amusing humour but at best a barebones plot and a general sense of pointlessness that was on the verge of making me think that I was wasting my time. Then - for no apparent reason - I suddenly realized that I was enjoying this. There was no blinding moment of realization and no suddenly dramatic scene that grabbed me. In fact nothing very exciting happens in the entire movie. It was as if I just all of a sudden realized that the movie was meant to be largely pointless - and that in its very pointlessness was its charm.<br /><br />Morgan Freeman starred as an unnamed actor who finds a Ã¢Â€Âœlittle projectÃ¢Â€Â to jumpstart his career. He's going to play a supermarket manager and spends the day in a neighbourhood supermarket to research the role. While there he meets and bonds with Scarlet (played by Paz Vega) - a cashier who wants more out of life. He helps her prepare for a job interview as if she's auditioning for a role while she introduces him to real life. It's truly funny watching Ã¢Â€ÂœhimÃ¢Â€Â (for that's how the character is identified in the credits) be overwhelmed by a visit to the local Target store.<br /><br />Freeman and Vega were great together with a strange but completely believable sort of combined romantic but father-daughter chemistry. If you feel lost at the beginning stick with this. In the end it turns out to be a delightfully charming movie. 7/10
critique4866 Just got around to seeing Monster Man yesterday. It had been a long wait and after lots of anticipation and build up I'm glad to say that it came through and met my expectations on every level. True you really can't expect too much from hearing the plot rundown but after reading some of the reviews for it I was ecstatic. I mean what trash fan wouldn't want to see a gore flick about a deranged inbred hick mowing people down with his make-shift monster truck? I went in expecting a cross between Road Trip and The Hills Have Eyes and got so much more. This was a horror comedy that actually worked. The film makers got it right when it came to making you squirm and making you howl with laughter at the same time. Kudos to Michael Davis for going all out with the gore and pushing the envelope with the sickass humor. Let me list just a few reasons why I love this movie so much: First off is the story. It's been done to death in so many other flicks. A college guy gets wind that his childhood crush is getting married. He being the 25 year old virgin that he is hops in his Vista Cruiser and decides to take the road trip to confess his love hoping that she will fall head over hills and all that good jive. Hidden in the backseat of his station wagon is good buddy Harley. Harley is the loudmouth former friend who laughs and talks just like Jack Black in High Fidelity. You can't help but like the guy but if he was your friend in real life you'd have to keep a whiffle ball bat handy(laugh all you want but have you ever been hit with one?) to keep him in check. So he's a little on the obnoxious side to say the least but you can tell that he's a loyal friend deep down...Anyway they're on the road and when they stop in a bar they aggravate the locals. Now they're being stalked by a leatherface clone in a monster truck. That's it. Yeah along the way they pick up a gorgeous hitchhiker but I'm too lazy and hungover to go into that right now... so just watch the damn movie.<br /><br />Second thing I love was the humor. This one had some of the sickest laughs of any movie since Cabin Fever. Just how messed up is it? Well I won't even go into the whole cat scene and as for the "corpse burrito" thing I'll leave that to your virgin eyes as well. The bar full of amputees was somewhat disturbing and that guy who looked like John Turturro bothered me too. Harley although a totally obnoxious frat-boy type can really sling off the one liners. Love the clogs by the way. I need a new pair..<br /><br />The GORE. This one pours it on heavy. While the first hour plays out as a demented road comedy the last third is all about blood and guts. If the movie hadn't kept such a light tone throughout it would have been a little disturbing but seeing how it was all played for laughs there is no way possible that you will be bothered by it. If you're still in your seat by the time it comes you'll probably see the humor in it too but seriously there were buckets and buckets of the red stuff. There was a big plot turn that I DIDN'T see coming and when the credits rolled I was completely satisfied. I had gotten exactly what I came for and I'm really glad that I bought it. Much like Cabin Fever it's going to get a lot of replay.<br /><br />The Look of the movie was outstanding. There was this deliberately cheap look that made the whole thing scream late 80s and I loved the exaggerated colors. It's obvious that Monster Man was done on a relatively low budget but much like Cabin Fever (sorry I keep comparing the two) it actually works in the movie's favor. Cabin Fever was an ode to the 70s greats this was the 80s answer to that. So take that for what it's worth. No CGI here. This is what we all needed. I'm not exactly sure why it didn't get a theatrical release because this is everything that Jeepers Creepers SHOULD have been. Thank god for Lions Gate.
critique4867 Read a biography of the late George C. Scott and you'll discover why he was so enormously talent. He was asked by an interviewer what his secret was when making each character he played his own. Scott replied he possessed inside him a burning fire which drove him. In one of his last interviewers he sadly revealed he had lost the drive. This was not the case when he starred in the movie "The Hospital." In this offering he plays talented doctor Bock medical director of one of the finest hospitals in the country. However life has dealt him some crippling problems such as losing his wife to a divorce becoming alienated from both his promising children and worse of all believing himself to be physically impotent. At this point he is now becoming complacent morose and frequently fantasizes various ways of committing suicide. To add to his growing list of personal obstacles his main reason for being his hospital has come under siege by students and neighborhood protesters incompetent doctors like Dr. Welbeck (Richard Dysart) and a mysterious MD. who is killing both patients and doctors alike because he believes he is "the Wrath of the Lamb." (Barnard Hughes). Few choices are left to Bock. One is promising doctor Brubaker (Robert Walden) whom he confides in by saying "If there were an oven around here I would put my head in it." The second is a luscious young woman named Barbara who is attracted to Bock because he acts like a wounded bear. Paddy Chayefsky wrote the screen-play and Arthur Hiller did an extremely good job of directing this dramatically interesting dark story but a vehicle nonetheless lit by the fire of George C. Scott. ****
critique4868 Daniel Day Lewis in My Left Foot gives us one of the best performances ever by an actor. He is brilliant as Christy Brown a man who has cerebral palsy who then learned to write and paint with his left foot. A well deserved Oscar for him and Brenda Fricker who plays his loving mother. Hugh O'Conner is terrific as the younger Christy Brown and Ray McAnally is great as the father. Worth watching for the outstanding performances.
critique4869 This film speaks a universal language; one can relate it to the self community society or the wider world. It has a way of not only opening up several questions but also setting one in pursuit of discovering and asking the right questions in order to get to that point of self conviction / ownership. The portrayal of the stereotypes within the film addresses the archetypes around us which must be recognised as being the repeating cycle of destruction the opposing force of innovation creativity and growth. The factors which disturb the natural flow of things must be made apparent and tackled. The Idea is definitely a film to be experienced and not just viewed as it taps into one's internal voice / conscience through the looking it makes one feel as opposed to just watch.
critique4870 I am an avid Julie Andrews fan and I just watched this for the first time on DVD -- the Director's Cut version. I was very surprised that it was rated G. How did they get bedroom scenes a seduction story line two strip tease acts and war/shooting/blood into a G rating? Weird. I would rate it PG-13.<br /><br />Other than that I thoroughly enjoyed the movie. It was a beautiful showcase of Andrew's voice and talent. The acting was great. The storyline was a little weak leaving gaps that could have been filled with some good dialogue. There were too many "no talking just walking" scenes for me... I would have liked to see the the relationship between Julie and Rock blossom so that the intense love would be more believable.
critique4871 I agree that this film achieved its goals perfectly. I saw it on Showtime late at night as a teenager and again in college. I thought it was funny. And there are boobs everywhere! It seems like in the late 70s and 80s there were loads of this type of film made from R-rated films like "Porkys" to soft-core "Au Pair Girls"; it's a shame they seem to have fallen by the wayside in terms of popularity. The thing that made HOTS great was that like the previous two films it's a hell of a lot of fun. HOTS is like a girl-power version of "Animal House" with the girls forming a sorority of sorts and engaging in campus bedlam. On a side note whoever designed the "Hooters" girls outfits must certainly have seen this film.
critique4872 I quote below words from my favor writer Paulo Coelho as the comment for this movie.<br /><br />" When you really want something all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it"<br /><br />It is too easy to forget who we really are and what we desire to do in life. Because there are always too many comments and advice surrounding us to tell safety. I had almost forgot what the passion feel like. Despite of the adventure will take me out of safety zone I truely believe the fear is just the price that I need to pay for the coming brand new journey in life.<br /><br />Thanks for inspiring me with this lovely story. It is the blessing for me to realize what unconditional love is. That is the most treasurable love from the light of soul.
critique4873 Uggh! I really wasn't that impressed by this film though I must admit that it is technically well made. It does get a 7 for very high production values but as for entertainment values it is rather poor. In fact I consider this one of the most overrated films of the 50s. It won the Oscar for Best Picture but the film is just boring at times with so much dancing and dancing and dancing. That's because unlike some musicals that have a reasonable number of songs along with a strong story and acting (such as MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS) this movie is almost all singing and dancing. In fact this film has about the longest song and dance number in history and if you aren't into this the film will quickly bore you. Give me more story! As a result with overblown production numbers and a weak story this film is like a steady diet of meringue--it just doesn't satisfy in the long run. <br /><br />To think...this is the film that beat out "A Streetcar Named Desire" and "A Place in the Sun" for Best Picture! And to make matters worse "The African Queen" and "Ace in the Hole" weren't even nominated in this category! Even more amazing to me is that "Ace in the Hole" lost for Best Writing Screenplay to this film--even though "An American in Paris" had hardly any story to speak of and was mostly driven by dance and song.
critique4874 A very good adaptation of the novel by amrita pritam. Urmila and manoj bajpai have given their best.<br /><br />there is a natural flair in the movie and i felt it right through. It looked like bollywood finally gave away it's glamor and had some quality artists performing on screen.<br /><br />Content wise the movie depicted very much what exactly happened during partition by showing the sufferings of a particular family and also shows that trust in one's life goes beyond religion.<br /><br />The best part was they did not make it a drama with a lot of tear shedding and melodrama.<br /><br />I simply loved it.
critique4875 WHAT AN AWESOME FILM!!!!!!!! I came out of the theatre feeling stunned. The film that I had just seen was one of the best films I have seen in my life. I had my eyes glued to the screen. It's very symbolic visually lush beautifully shot and gorgeously told. It's basically about two people who move into a flat and live next door to each other with there partners who are assumed to be having an affair with each others partners. Assuming this our two heroes act out what they think their partners are getting upto. There is an obvious repression of feelings for each other with the use of vouryistic camera work body language and symbollic stairways. It's a visual feast and hard not to like. Some of the story gets slightly confusing but that's nothing. The ending is one of the most beautiful (and anti-hollywood) endings I have ever seen in my life and visually amazing. The films haunting score adds to the mood. I highly recommend this film to anyone with an open mind and respect. What a superb film.
critique4876 Even after all these years this remain "a perfect movie" for me. I still remember sitting for a long time in the theater after it was over stunned by the experience overcome by emotion. I own the DVD (of course!) is see at least once a year. It's incomparable and I cannot add much to has already been written about its excellence and beauty. So glad others love it as much as I do! A note: the author of the book on which it's based - Michael Ondatje - was enchanted with the film and is quoted as saying he wished he had thought of some of the lovely scenes written purely for the movie...the way Kip "invites" Hana to his side with a trail of small candles and the way he arranges for Hana to view the frescoes in the ruined medieval church.
critique4877 Sweet entertaining tale of a young 17 1/2 year old boy controlled by by an overbearing religious mother and withdrawn father and how he finds himself through his work with a retired eccentric and tragic actress. Very well acted especially by Julie Walters. Rupert Grint plays the role of the teenage boy well showing his talent will last longer than the Harry Potter series of films. Laura Linney plays his ruthlessly strict mother without a hint of redemption so there's no room to like her at all. But the film is a very entertaining film made well by the British in the style of the likes of Keeping Mum and Calendar Girls.
critique4878 Hollywood North is an euphemism from the movie industry as they went to Canada to make movies because of tax breaks and cheaper costs in a civilized city like Toronto in this case later in Vancouver. Peter O'Brian the director probably saw a lot of the invaders from California that this movie seems to be the right way to deal with the arriving personalities trying to capitalize on the economics that Canada presented.<br /><br />Needless to say "Moon Lantern" the successful novel written by a Canadian author is turned into "Flight to Bogota" which has nothing to do with the original film. A great egotistical has-been Michael Baytes who is obsessed with what is happening in Iran is offered the lead part which turns to be a disaster.<br /><br />The film seems to be saying that too many cooks have spoiled the broth which seems to be the case with the ultimate product which is saved by its producer Bobby Myers. With the help of Sandy Ryan who has been around making a documentary of the film being shot in Toronto parts of the film are transformed into a cohesive movie at last.<br /><br />The filming process is hilarious and the acting in general is good.
critique4879 i love this movie. it focuses on both issues: reality and fantasy. reality because hey we all wanted a date from that popular guy Billy. and some of us haven't been kissed yet right? be honest!<br /><br />another real issue is because of the pain people gain from teasing. and whoa high school life. remember it? the fantasy is finding your true love when you're 25 and still in high school. not really fantasy but close enough!<br /><br />although some parts are unbelievable it was a great movie. there are no other words to describe such incredible work. and the story was wonderful. Drew Barrymore did a charmingly wonderful job same as the hilarious David Arquette. the people who worked in the movie are all wonderful. didn't i just repeat that?<br /><br />Never Been Kissed is one of the movies that the later generations should watch. it shows reality and some-not issues for people like you and me.
critique4880 If I rate the film maybe a bit high you can blame it on sentiment. This is one of the first movies that I remember seeing and totally loving. I saw it at the drive-ins here in California in the late 70s. I was already a big fan of "The Muppet Show" on TV so I was primed for the movie and the movie did not disappoint. Basically it takes the whole absurdist ethos of the Muppet show and transports it from vaudeville into a road movie. Kermit the Frog is on a quest to become famous; not because he wants to take champagne baths and ride in a private jet but because he wants to "make millions of people happy." Of course.<br /><br />Along the way he picks up all his beloved muppet friends most endearingly Fonzie Bear who he meets at a seedy bar doing stand-up. They sing "Movin' Right Along" a song that has always charmed me with its upbeat melody and its theme of friendship and shared discovery. He also encounters enough Hollywood movie stars to fill a Stanley Kramer movie including comedy luminaries like Richard Pryor Steve Martin Edgar Bergen Milton Berle and Mel Brooks. Brooks in particular has a rather dull bit and you are left feeling that Henson could have cut a few of these cameos out if he wasn't afraid of offending the stars. Anyway as befits a road trip movie like this the very first person he meets is Dom DeLuise.<br /><br />The ending is one of the more odd examples of literally breaking down the 4th wall that you will find in any "children's" movie. The Hollywood dream seems to be crumbling all about them when a real rainbow pierces the Hollywood set with its authentic joy and mystery. I'm sure this was meant to relate to some of Jim Henson's own personal or spiritual experiences.<br /><br />This is the best movie with Muppets by a long shot. If you or anyone else was wondering why the Muppets were so popular back in the 70s considering how poor the movies have been for the last few decades I think this film has at least aged well enough to provide a clue.
critique4881 I LOVE this movie....one of my all-time favorites!!! This was the first big screen movie my mom took me to see when I was 9. I highly recommend it to every african-american. This story is about love trust challenges and everyday life of a black family. All the actors worked well together. I wish it was on video but as of yet it is not available that I know of. I caught it on television a few years ago and recorded it so whenever I get the urge to watch it...I have it! The soundtrack is awesome too! A must-see!
critique4882 De Grot is a very good film. The great plot comes from the novel by Tim KrabbÃƒÂ© who also adapted this story for the screen. Some really top-class acting not only by Van HuÃƒÂªt but especially by Marcel Hensema who mostly did TV-work prior to his performance of Axel van de Graaf. The film seems to kick of as a thriller and sets an excellent mood. Then we start to learn about Egon Wagter and Axel van de Graaf and the story is revealed bit by bit in a very compelling flash-back structure which adds to the more romantic aspect and the character-driven drama of the movie. In the end this all culminates into an emotional ending that will grab audiences by their throats. Make sure you know as little as possible about the plot when you are going to see this movie. A must-see especially if you liked 'Spoorloos' (The Vanishing's original screen adaptation).
critique4883 It is an excellent thriller from Turkey which can make sense.Great job from Gokbakar brothers.<br /><br />First of alli want to point on screen play.Generally screen play in most films from Turkey is not enoughbut GEN has the best shots to be said "perfect".And also transition parts are really excellent.<br /><br />On the other hand"Gen" has a great topic that influence everyone.Especiallya woman who wants to be a psyciatrist in a sanitarium has a mother that is a habitual insanity.Principal causes and psychological consequences are given in Gen.The only thing you have to do is to combine all the hints.<br /><br />There is an impressive aggression part Doga Rutkay and Sahan Gokbakar played.This performance may be more realistic than " IrrÃƒÂ©versible(Monica Bellucci) ".<br /><br />The last thing i want to say is "Watch this movieyou'll get confused"
critique4884 I was waiting to see this movie from a long time. It's promos gave a fair idea about the content and when I finally saw it I really find it was quite well made. Most of the conventional romantic movies end with the lovers finally getting married or start of with a happy life after marriage but there is really a great adjustment needed for this transition from an old life to a new relation and life. This is what this movie is all about the period when a newly wed couple Fardeen and Esha get married through an arranged marriage and start off their life with their honeymoon. The acting is really spell binding though I think Esha remained a bit quiet and she could have used some lines for herself. The story was well knitted and dialogs were more or less appropriate. The editing and direction were also good Meghna Gulzar really did a good job here. To summarize I would say it is a good drama cum romance a true combination of what Bollywood can offer a clean entertainer.
critique4885 Another comedy about a plucky little country struggling through the jungle of the modern (for the forties) global world with only native wit and pluck to guide them this is a fine entry in the Ealing cannon. Terry-Thomas sparkles as usual in the lead as a feckless ministry man led to the brink of disaster when a nation he is supposedly in charge of starts attracting the interest of the world Ian Bannen makes a great romantic lead Peter Sellers puts in one of his quieter performances as a corrupt politico and the uber-suave John Le Mesurier plays against type as a rugged revolutionary leader. Lots of fun is had by all especially the viewer; perhaps not in the very top echelon of Ealing classics but pretty high up.
critique4886 Don't be fooled by the silly title folks this is one sweet ride! A true successor to Tetsuo the Iron Man and Ichi the Killer this gem starts with a bang and lays the gore on thick until the credits roll. It seems that aliens are taking over people's bodies and modifying them into war-machines which are then used to fight each other in a twisted game for the amusement of their species. The winner of the battle eats the loser alive. That's mostly it for plot but who cares when the gore is this good? I have no idea how many buckets of slime were used but it's disgusting to behold. There is interesting and effective use of stop-motion when the takeovers are in progress and loving care is lavished on all of the creature and make-up effects. The CGI is a bit limited but that actually doesn't detract from the overall quality one bit at least for me. This was truly a fun and stomach-turning film that deserves much praise and has truly earned its place in the stack of Cult Classics. Find it and watch you won't be disappointed!
critique4887 The Man in the White Suit is another feather in the cap of expert Scottish director Alexander Mackendrick (Whisky Galore! Sweet Smell of Success). The star of the film is Alec Guinness (whose comedies include Kind Hearts and Coronets and The Lavender Hill Mob). Guiness brings his usual class to the film and makes it much more than a typical comedy.<br /><br />In fact the comedy isn't entirely overt. By the end of the picture it's nearly become a complete drama. It's the sort of Ealing studio comedy that is calculated not to produce laughter but a sense of general amusement like the best British comedy of the time.<br /><br />The whole idea of the suit isn't very original but the way it is executed is. The film is highly original and recommended to any fan of Guiness or Britsh comedy.<br /><br />7.6 out of 10
critique4888 I wasn't born until 4 years after this wonderful show first aired but luckily I managed to catch the reruns of the mid 90's and the rest is history......I was hooked. The premise was pretty simple; two hardened Nemesis agents Richard Barrett and Craig Stirling ( William Gaunt and Stuart Damon) are partnered up with an expert (if not young) Doctor and Biologist (Sharron Macready) to head behind the bamboo curtain to retrieve a dangerous biological agent from being used by red china. Whilst making their escape their plane is hit by machine gun fire and they crash in the heart of the Himalayas where their lives are saved by a mysterious and previously undiscovered civilisation who heal and enhance the senses of the trio thus setting the scene for many exciting adventures to come...<br /><br />The series lasted for 30 hour long episodes and I guess it was its relatively short lived one season run that has set it up for cult status.<br /><br />Monty Berman the producer was notorious for making things as cheaply as possible and sometimes the show suffered for this with incredibly tacky sets - particularly in Episodes such as "Happening" ( a studio deputising for the Australian outback) and the 'snow' sets of "Operation Deep Freeze" and "The Beginning" but if you can get past this and focus on the characters and the story lines the show was really a lot of fun. It had a great mix of adventure and plenty of deadpan humour (mainly from some terrific one liners from William Gaunt).<br /><br />The chemistry from the three leads was fantastic - you get the sense that they were really having a lot of fun making the show and this is borne out in the 2005 reunion documentary where the three reunite after over 35 years to reminisce about the show (and laugh about Anthony Nicholls awful wig!!). They all shared equal screen time and all had their moments to shine. I have to say I was always a Richard Barrett fan - I loved his sardonic humour along with that dangerous edge - he was certainly a man you didn't cross and those eyes........the bluest eyes you would probably see on TV. I have also followed Bill Gaunts career with interest since. However Craig Stirling certainly would have had his legion of female fans and I am sure Alexandra Bastedo had a whole queue of male fans swooning over her too.<br /><br />The show also had a plethora of guest stars to entice with including Donald Sutherland Jeremy Brett Peter Wyngarde Burt Kwouk Anton Rodgers Kate O'Mara Jenny Linden Paul Eddington and Colin Blakely.<br /><br />Notable episodes for me were : "Auto Kill" "The Interrogation" "The Fanatics" "The Mission" and "The Gilded Cage" but I am sure every one has their personal favourites.<br /><br />If you do get a chance to watch this show for the first time or to re watch it after many years remember to watch it in the context of the time it was made and just sit back and enjoy - the characters and the chemistry from the three leads is what made this wonderful show for me and I don't think I will ever tire of it.<br /><br />Enjoy!
critique4889 I've seen Jimmy Stewart in all the regular roles but the "Spirit of St. Louis" was reported to be one of his favorites. A poor box-office performer when released this film has been largely forgotten today. Telling the well-known story of Lindberg's famous flight in 1927 Stewart seems to be badly miss-cast at first and his well known voice never lets you forget who you're watching; it feels like George Baily all over again. But Stewart obviously worked hard on the role and he does everything right so before long you don't care anymore that Stewart was 20 years older than the man he's portraying. Stewart's Lindberg is so gosh-darn all-American apple-pie likable that you get caught up in the story and you realize that Stewart intended to portray Lindberg with all of the aw-shucks Yankee-know-how he could muster up. Lindberg was an almost mythical hero in the U.S. and Stewart seems determined to keep up appearances.<br /><br />Flash backs are cleverly used to keep what is really a rather dull story moving along and I was struck by the subtle references to Faith that were scattered through the film; Lindberg trying to teach a hopeless priest how to fly only to be confronted by the priest on his beliefs or Lindberg refusing to carry a proffered St. Christopher medal to save weight on the plane only to find the medal hidden in his lunch bag after he'd crossed the Atlantic. For me this is a film not about a man's epic journey into the unknown but his realization that this life is much bigger than the things we can see and feel.
critique4890 I have not managed to completely block out this film from memory even though it has been two years since I've seen it.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong - I have long forgotten the main story line - the relationship between Kidman and Law that made no impression on me but it was the torture scenes in the film that really struck me. I cried for about two hours straight after wards. <br /><br />It had never previously occurred to me how people in war time could take advantage of something as pure as a mother's love. We see several examples of this here - in both the scenes with Natalie Portman and with the mother with her fingers in the fence for keeping her son hidden at home. I was shocked at these scenes and will probably never watch the film again as a consequence because the scenes even now are perfectly clear in my mind. However I am glad I watched the film simply because it has made me more aware to the horrors of war and the horrible cruelty that mankind can inflict on it's own. <br /><br />The blonde albino character has been top of my list of most evil bad guy ever since I saw the film. His horrible sneer and lack of any human feeling for the people he tortured really hit a nerve with me. At one point I wanted to get up in the cinema and kill him myself (see the movie pushed me over the edge of reasonit only occurred to me afterward that I'd only be hitting a big screen - that shows the film's power and intensity at least). <br /><br />I recommend the film for it's sheer experience not for the entwined love story but for the manner in which it depicts war without needing a battlefield.
critique4891 Despite the fact that there were aspects of this film that I felt were not developed enough I enjoyed it and would recommend it to others. Richard Gere and Diane Lane are great in their lead roles. The basic premise of the film is that both were in the wake of broken marriages when they meet. Both also are searching for healing. Unexpectedly they find that they can help heal each other. There were aspects of the film that I wished I'd seen play out more-- where simple flashes merely suggested themes that my mind had to fill in the blanks on such as the apology to the bereaved widower and how Adrienne goes from feeling guilty about having slept with Paul to feeling okay with it soon after. An opportunity for a tremendous love scene was lost when it was merely suggested they were going to make love with the hurricane coming. But in the end the film left me feeling deeply appreciative of the relationship that my wife and I share. And there were moments that moved me to the verge of tears. So I have to say it is well worth viewing.
critique4892 Seriously I donÃ‚Â´t really get why people here are bashing it. I mean<br /><br />the idea of a killer snowman wreaking havoc on a tropical island paradise is pretty absurd. The good news is the producers realized it and made it a comedy in the vein of Army of Darkness. <br /><br />Especially in the second half of the film when the little killer snowballs attack I laughed my ass off. For example the put one of the little creeps into a blender (a la Gremlins 1) and mix it. After that it morphs back into a snowball and squeals with a high pitched voice "That was fun!".<br /><br />Bottom line - incredible movie rent it.
critique4893 A rich experience is to be gained from watching this film.<br /><br />This is a seemingly simple story of a gifted pupil Yiu Kwok who later becomes a teacher of classical Chinese poetry. He is married with two sons and things at home seem normal. He still loves his wife after twenty years of marriage and his sons alternately fill him with pride (the elder one) and disappointment (the younger one).<br /><br />His passion for the poetry makes him an object of infatuation for a senior student in one of his classes. The student Choi Lam draws pictures of him during class significantly one of him with a flower coming from his mouth. She teases him more with her intelligence than her sexuality although that too is an element. He of course is not immune to her attention though he tries for a while to keep the demarcation line between teacher and student in place.<br /><br />The reason why he doesn't succeed in the end is complicated. Firstly there is a real depth to the communication between him and Choi Lam. It becomes clear that she genuinely likes him and it's mutual. Secondly there is a long-standing problem in his marriage that is brought to light when an old friend of both his and his wife becomes ill. The consequences of the wife's involvement with this friend both past and present are almost too sad to bear.<br /><br />Nothing is treated trivially in this film. All the characters have a vivid internal life and an easily discernible history. The two leads Jacky Cheung and Anita Mui are outstanding as are Karena Lam as the student Choi Lam and Shaun Tam as the elder son On Yin.<br /><br />Recommended without reservation.
critique4894 Though this series only ran a season it has stayed with me for 20 years. It was by far and above my all time favorite cartoon ever. I would give nearly anything to have it on DVD or whatever format I can get. If you find any means of seeing this series I suggest you take full advantage. This series was the first one (in my opinion) that had a truly coherent storyline that spanned across multiple episodes. It also made me truly care about the characters and what happened to them. Heck the character Goose actually scared me sometimes. He was just that odd at the time. Also the leader of the group reminds me a lot of a combination of Clint Eastwood/Tommy Lee Jones. If anyone has any way of contacting the creator/holder of the rights to the series and can get them put out on DVD please by all means do so!!!
critique4895 Campfire Tales (1997)<br /><br />An excellent peace of work. Everything about this film is just perfect.<br /><br />The film has a great cast as you can see from IMDb. The reason i brought the film was because of Christine Taylor and the love for horror films. lets get to the main parts<br /><br />1. there are 4 Teenagers in this film  After crashing their car they decide to tell some spooky stories 2. there are 3 stories and the main plot ( the 4 teenagers are the main plot) 3. the best story is " people can lick too"in my opinion. the least scary story is possibly "honeymoon" or the 2nd story (can't remember the name"<br /><br />4. "people can lick too" is about a man pretending to be a 13 year old girl( over the internet). he starts chatting to a girl called Amanda and then enters her house . very creepy stuff this story will make you think twice of chatting to someone online. basically a pervert enters her house and things go creepy.<br /><br />5. the main plot is sweet and simple teenagers crash tell stories try to freak each other out. But there's a very cool twist at the end.<br /><br />the only bad part of this movie is the teenagers crash their car into another couple but the kids don't bother seeing if the couple are OK. They just talk about the couple who they've crashed into.<br /><br />The men and women who made this film made it to scare people not to make money. unlike "Scream" and "I know what you did last summer" this film is created to Scare you. "scream" and "i know what you did last summer" were made to make Big time cash.<br /><br />even though this movie wasn't pushed as publicly as scream was  it's still 10 times better than scream and "i know what you did last summer".<br /><br />the characters in this movie are great and have realistic characteristics. The cast who play theses characters are great. Christine Taylor does a fabulous Job with Lauren doesn't go over the top with the acting. The dude who plays Eric (laurens younger brother) also does a good job of showing men or teenage boys can also get freaked out. Screams is like a spoof movie the murderer is a joke and the kids are dumb <br /><br />Unlike scream and "i know what you did last summer" this movie has realistic people not a goof of a movie should of been more noticed.
critique4896 Nightbreed is not only great it is also unique even taking into account other Barker's movies which never lack originality. An amazing adaptation of a very interesting idea for a book. For the horror genre it has quite a few of subtle symbolics and references. Certainly a lot of fun to have a a bit to think about if one cares to. And not to forget a nice music score. Well the special effects as usual get old faster than anything but that is probably the only drawback. I've just seen it again after ten years and I still find it something to recommend.
critique4897 Of course the plot script and especially casting are strong in the film. So many fine things to see. One aspect I liked especially is the idea of the antagonist--Luzhini's (Turturro's)--ex-mentor working his evil on the sidelines. His chess opponent--an Italian dandy in three piece and cane--turns out to be a real gent and a truly fine chess player. To his credit the "opponent" nobly goes along with the plan at the end to complete the final game for the championship posthumously (Luzhin has taken a flyer out a window--sad but so releasing to him)by way of the unstable genius' widow (Emily Watson.) In death then because of the gallantry of an honorable chess master Luzhin's defence (which he worked out in a late moment of lucidity) is allowed to be played. The Italian gent commends the play and calls it brilliant. Talk about a dramatic "end game!"
critique4898 I simply can't get over how brilliant the pairing of Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon is. It's like the movie doesn't even need additional characters because you can never get tired of the dialog between these two.<br /><br />Lemmon had already been in several well-known films like Mr. Roberts and The Apartment and Matthau was fresh off his Oscar win for The Fortune Cookie (another Billy Wilder film also with Lemmon). That particular movie wasn't as great as this one because the story couldn't sustain such a long running time (I think it was almost 2 hours). However this goes by at a brisk hour and a half even though the introduction of the events leading up to Lemmon ending up at Matthau's apartment is a tad long (so was this sentence). That's a minor quibble though and for the rest of the running time you have a marvelous time.<br /><br />I have already written a comment about how the follow-up to this film sucked and I won't go deeper into that. The reason why this is such a joy is probably that the movie was made just as the innocence of American movies was beginning to fade fast into oblivion. There are some sexual references but they are dealt with in such an innocent way that you couldn't even get a "Well I never..." out of the most prudish person out there. It is kind of fun to see a movie from a long lost era and that was probably why the sequel didn't work because you had Matthau and Lemmon say quite a few f-words and that just doesn't fit them.<br /><br />Of course now they are both gone and you can just be happy that you still can enjoy them in a marvelous film like this. I think the only male actor in this film who is still alive is John Fiedler. Edelman died recently. So there you have it. Simply one of the best comedies and films ever.<br /><br />Add: I have just learned recently that John Fiedler has died so to all the fans of him I am deeply sorry. I didn't mean any disrespect and I will try to be more careful of what I am blah blah blahing next time.
critique4899 Punctuating the opening credits sequence is a swarthy man having a strange all-too-real nightmare. Closing in on its dystopic 2054 Paris the film begins to follow a woman into a grungy club where she and a Slavic bartender convene outside on the deck. They toss exclamations at each other to the effect that she owes him more money although she believes she's paid it all. Another woman obstructs the budding violence only to have a bitter fight with the woman herself. The initial woman storms out and she is kidnapped. Christian Volckman's Renaissance appears to be another one in an assembly line of recent motion-capture-animated sci-fi noir pictures but in spite of whether or not that is essentially true it tells a neatly arranged classically unraveling detective story that keeps us in the dark in its opening minutes even whilst introducing Karas the hard-boiled cop we recognize from the beginning as the man awakening from a terrible dream.<br /><br />The rudiments of classic film noir are all hit upon without any anachronistic changes for all intents and purposes. It is in the harshness of its monochrome that Volckman's French thriller has followed no example. For the film's animators unfettered by the challenges of physical lighting that would normally be faced have been able to begin with a totally black frame and to affix utter pitch-white according to the action on screen. As they scrupulously imitate the effects of real light sources throughout the frame the distinction of black and white here is full-blown without even any of the slightest shades of gray to tone with the characters' less starkly definite moral codes and the outcome is a harsh and judgmental vision of the direction in which commercial civilization is going sporadically caused to undergo the most blaring and ruthless of illumination. It is the artistic study of film noir taken to their visual boundary of its philosophy and nothing before has ever shared quite the same execution of this visual concept.<br /><br />All the characters in this decent cyberpunk film seem as if to have been walk off with purely from a Gothic comic book in black ink but all together their physical responses their motions and the nuances of their facial expressions look ashore within a clear humanity. Normally films that try out new developments in animation allow their technical advances upstage all other facets of production. Sin City for example left substance and overall good screen adaptation from its source material to be desired.<br /><br />It may not be mind-blowing it may have its narrative conventions and its voice-over cast may simply be adequate but Renaissance made for $19 million over six years not only feels like actual noir instead of a rashly penned appropriation but also is not secondary to all the visual innovation which is played as if to be incidental. One leaves thinking not so much about how cool it is when Karas is evading bullets shot through a crowded glass Parisian street but more about its ponderance of life and death how life's tragedies such as death make life meaningful.
critique4900 Nice character development in a pretty cool milieu. Being a male I'm probably not qualified to totally understand it but they do a nice job of establishing the restrictive Victorian environment from the start. It isn't as bleak as it really was and the treatment of women was probably even harsher. What makes this go is a wonderful chemistry among the principal characters. Each has their own "thing" that they contend with. Once they come out of the rain and break out of the spider webs they begin to interact and slowly lose their sense of suspicion. What I enjoyed about this movie is that it didn't go for cheap comedy when it could have. It didn't try to pound a lesson into us. The people who seem utterly without merit are really nicely developed human beings who get to see the light. I did have a little trouble with the Alfred Molina character having such an epiphany so quickly but within this world it needed to happen. Good acting all around with something positive taking place in the lives of some pretty good people.
critique4901 2003 was seen as the year of the Matrix with the release of two sequels and a computer game that actually linked to the plot of the film. Also released was a DVD of 9 short animated films most written and made in Japan and made as Anime. Japan makes some of the best animation in the world. Sadly most of these shorts are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of a prequel to the first Matrix film.<br /><br />The Second Renaissance is made as a historical file. It tells how humans made machines in their own likeness. Humans live the high life whilst machines are the grunts the workers of society second class citizens. In the year 2090 a machine BI-66ER was put of trial for murder after killing his owners who wanted to deactivate him. The machine does not have a fair trial and riots start around the world. The governments of the world order to dismantle machines. Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undercut the human nations forcing them into economic crisis. The human blockade 01 and reject the machines requests for peace thereby it was the humans who were responsible for the war that enslaves them.<br /><br />The Second Renaissance is a interesting watch with excellent traditional animation style and sets a compelling world. It shows how the machines were mistreated and that humanity sowed the seeds of their own destruction. There is a political and social world and the short tells a lot in it short running time. The short shares themes and a style to the classic silent film Metropolis partly the beginning with the underworld. They are the themes of slavery the mistreatment of the working class and racism. The short also has some religious themes and religious iconography. Mainly that men saw themselves as God and created the machines in their own likeness. Seeing themselves as the rightful masters of the machines. The machines too use religious iconography mainly forming their nation in 'cradle of human civilisation' and the machines coming to the United Nations dressed as Adam and Eve offering an apple.<br /><br />The animation style is beautiful done in the traditional anime style (like Akira). The set designs are great combine futuristic with historic cities e.g. Washington D.C.. There is well down future scene and surprising violence which is key to the film. The director Mahiro Maeda also directed the anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1 so has good credentials to Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and know how to keep a story going.<br /><br />The only real complain is a continuity error to the first Matrix film because Morpheus mentions that the humans have no historical records or know who started the war. But its a good watch.
critique4902 If in the 90's you're adapting a book written in the 50's set the bloody thing in the 50's and not the '90's. See 40 year old mores and values tend not to play as well or ring as true that far down the road. It's a simple rule that Hollywood habitually keeps violating. And that's the problem with this film. It should have been set in the era it was written in. You'd think that would be a no-brainer but nooo. I'd elaborate but bmacv's comment spells it out quite well. I'll limit my commentary to Rachel Ward. She looks like she dieted her ass completely out of existence for this role. As a result she looks like a crack ho' on chemotherapy and is about as sexy as a gay leather couch in drag. I found her "I could die at any moment" look quite disconcerting and it greatly detracted from her supposed "hotness" and the "sexual tension" the film intended to create. Other than that the film was quite good; a 7+ out of 10.
critique4903 I own this video as well as the concert version of the musical with Patti Lupone and George Hearn with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra. George Hearn is fantastic in my book as are Angela Lansbury and the composer Stephen Sondheim. This musical is operatic in scope and shows much ingenuity in composition. I certainly hope that this VHS becomes available on DVD!! Hearn's performance is spookily sympathetic. The one annoying performance is the young woman who sings the role of Joanna. I believe this performance was at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles rather than on a Broadway stage and am not sure that the minimalist set was utilized in New York as it was in this production. But I found the scaffolding being dragged across the stage to be quite effective to "portray" the streets of London. I highly recommend this movie.
critique4904 Mr Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon. His short movies i.e. music videos are simply the best. I do not care if I get a sane sci-fi feature from this man but I do care to get a medley of his crazy dancing shriek yells cool crowd choreography and some bits of CGI and animation. There also should be a few uninterrupted videos. Everything I've mentioned is here. Stupid plot and over-the-top "vanity fair" are not a problem when I witness Mr Michael Jackson in action. To me he will always be the ultimate king of music videos (not "king of pop" which sounds moronic especially for us Russians because "pop" sounds like the Russian word for "arses" and MJ is definitely not "king of arses"). I can re-watch his best music videos (which are artistically beautiful) and I never get tired of them.<br /><br />My first impression of this film was "What is this...?" (bits of different videos some drawn images unsettling jumps from one theme to another absence of any cohesive plot line some kids fooling around etc.) but as I watched it till the end I could tell that it was great and really nothing like anything else shown on TV nowadays. What I like here too is that it never shows any shameful material and can be watched by kids easily.<br /><br />Without Mr Michael Jackson the universe of music videos would be rather poor. Even the best classic videos of other artists cannot come very close to the energetic hyperbole of MJ musical insanity and artistic quality. He knew how to get the audience of different ages and he knew how to remain a man with moral principles.<br /><br />When I see a proper DVD release with Mr Michael Jackson videos I know that it deserves to be purchased even if some clips have already appeared in some other previous release. "HIStory I" "HIStory II" and "Moonwalker" are all great though only "Moonwalker" is more like one movie (with a solid "Smooth Criminal" theme "paparazzi" topic and a few weird spoofs and twists).<br /><br />Being no fan of MJ I can still give this "film... like no other" a solid 9 out of 10 (I've been hit by "Smooth Criminal" for sure and my major complains are the following: initial segments of the movie could have been dropped while the main "MJ anti-drug campaign" should have been given more "sky-rocketing insanity and stress" and there should have been more "moonwalking" itself of course). Thanks for attention.
critique4905 Although the plot was a bit sappy at times and VERY rushed at the end as if the director had run out of his alloted time and needed to hurry up and finish the story overall it was pretty good for the Made-For-Backwoods-Cable-TV genre. <br /><br />However the actress who played the babysitter Mariana Klaveno was very good! I hope to see more of her around in movie-land. The music was also well done getting every possible chill out of the dah-DUH-dah-DUH (think "JAWS") type music-based tension build-ups.<br /><br />I don't think I'd want to watch "While the Children Sleep" again but if I did it would be to focus on the performance of the talented Klaveno.
critique4906 What can I say? I got up this morning and turned on sci-fi and watched half of the first season and figured it all out. Strange unusual and brilliant. It gives all potential and to think at first I said this looks stupid. This has got to be the next best thing since X-Files but as always nothing will ever take down that show in my opinion. I am telling you it's scary and then suspenseful and then mellow. Towards the end you have Miles as a love puppy with a weird pet that is a new species. You have two people on the run from authorities. And a killer tsunami about to strike! Wow! And did I mention Miles pet is a potential killer(well the rest of his species is). Surface is a brilliant show with spins and twists that delivers it all.
critique4907 Honestly this is one of the BEST horror movies I have ever seen. I was captivated by the story petrified of Captain Howdy and on the edge of my seat for the whole ride. I do not really understand all the negative reviews.<br /><br />The set up has already been discussed in depth; Captain Howdy is an on-line predator who sets up meetings with teenagers abducts them and introduces them to his favorite pastime of body modification and piercing. Dee Snider is Captain Howdy and he is one of the scariest psychopaths ever created; maybe the scariest because he is so human and you get the sense (especially if you are into body modification at all) that there are really people like this in the world.<br /><br />But the biggest reason I liked this movie and the reason it is so horrific is that Captain Howdy becomes the hero. At the beginning of the movie the roles are clear-cut; the victims are innocent the cop is the good guy and Howdy is pure evil. By the second act however things have changed a little. You want Howdy to be evil but it turns out that he is really just a victim of circumstance and maybe the good and the bad are not obvious. It is terrifying to find yourself cheering for the "bad" guy.<br /><br />A couple people have mentioned that Strangeland should have been broken into two separate movies. To be sure there are definitely two separate "acts" but this movie works so well because the two acts are back to back. The first act is the typical psycho-thriller but the second act is the most disturbing because of the viewers reaction to the situation. I do not think it would have worked quite the same if the second act were expanded and turned into a sequel.<br /><br />As a big horror movie fan I highly recommend this film. It is the first horror movie EVER to give me nightmares.
critique4908 ***1/2 Out of ***** While I am not concerned with the fact that this is an English dubbed version as some reviewers have mentioned it should be noted as it seems to reside in many Quebecois native hearts. However this was a movie as a child that I was a fervent admirer of; keeping in mind now that it was made for children I rate it on a relative basis. The story is of children on winter break building an awesome snow fort and jostling back-'n-forth for control with weapons such as snowballs and other concoctions as idle hands and free time equal winter break lessons. If I had children this definitely is a film I would try and get them interested in as the snow fort wowed me when I was young and I think even children today would agree albeit with Pixar and all the computer animation maybe I am out of date and just don't realize it. In addition the movie's message is wonderfully allegorical and a positive one at that for children (and adults alike).
critique4909 People who know me say I have a weakness for animated films.<br /><br />To be fair those people are HALF right My actual weakness is for exceptionally well-done animated films such as this vintage family flick from Max and David Fleischer.<br /><br />You may be thinking to yourself "well if it's so great why haven't I heard of it?" Fair question. This movie was released the same week as the attacks on Pearl Harbor. The unavoidably bad timing caused the film to sink into relative obscurity. Things are looking up though because it has finally been released on DVD under the title "BUGVILLE".<br /><br />It's funny that the film went through all this because it kind of mirrors the actual plot. Although some people claim that the movie is trying to send an environmental message (ugh) I personally think that the movie's main idea is perseverance through adversity and hard times (after all the country had barely pulled out of the Depression at the time).<br /><br />Our grasshopper hero Hoppity desperately wants to help his endangered community. Problem: each time he tries whether through the ill-will of others or through simple bad luck he fails miserably...and slowly begins to earn the disdain of the very people he's trying to save. Although he does his best to maintain a positive outlook he occasionally breaks down and it's only through the encouragement and support of his friends that he gets back on his feet and fights the good fight. Just a healthy reminder that when all is said and done no one is really self-sufficient.<br /><br />"Okay" you're saying. "It has a good message (two actually). Does that really make it EXCEPTIONALLY WELL-DONE?" <br /><br />My answer: Partially.<br /><br />It's not just the message that makes this movie special. It's the characterization. This is one of those films where you can just see the personality of each cast member in their animation. You almost don't even need the spoken lines. A good way to sum it all up is "energetic" or "lively". A lot of movies have used the selling point "lovable cast of characters". Whenever I hear that line it always makes me think of this movie.<br /><br />Case in point the bad guys: Swat the Fly and Smack the Mosquito. Many movies have "lovable" villains but I don't think you'll find any as entertaining or endearing as these fellows. Forget that 3 Stooges Cartoon from the 60s. Swat and Smack are the closest thing to an animated version of Moe and Curly (but sadly not Larry) that you'll ever find. Virtually all of the funniest moments somehow involve this gruesome twosome. Yeah they're rotten no-goodniks but you still care about them. That's the kind of power you only see from a really talented writer director and crew.<br /><br />The movie has two brief jokes revolving around racial stereotypes (Native Americans and Chinese). I don't think they were intended to be malicious; but they're there regardless. They didn't bother me but it'd be pretty unfair of me not to warn someone who potentially would be bothered by them.<br /><br />So if you share my weakness (and I think you do) give this one a go.
critique4910 Before viewing please make sure you have seen Night of the Living Dead... This might well be THE best 7 minute parody I have ever seen! Absurd crappy 'special effects' (the rope the rope!!!) and maneating slices of bread... what more do you need???<br /><br />(Do not watch this movie while eating bread... you might get scared!)
critique4911 I happily admit that I'm a sucker for a beautiful film and sufficiently inventive camera movements and angles can be enough to keep my interest in a fairly long film. Not one the length of Gojoe though even though it had some of the most remarkable cinematography I've seen since the Korean period piece MUSA. However Gojoe provides far more than just beautiful images (as does MUSA... don't which to imply a contrast) - it's second greatest strength is superb acting and a fascinating story with some very dark philosophy. I must admit to being quite unsure what the point was it was trying to make in the end but it definitely provokes some thoughts along the way. Vague ones but definitely thoughts :p<br /><br />One department in which the film could have been better is the action. There's a tremendous amount of bloodletting in the film but the action is all filmed with hyperkinetic close-ups and frequently obscured by objects in the foreground. It does create some very intense and impressive visuals but it would have been nice to see some more actual moves something to make it more believable that the villains could just wade through entire armies laying waste to everyone.<br /><br />Still the film is definitely one of the most interesting and most beautiful films I've seen for quite some time. Recommended!
critique4912 I have some great memories watching "Robin of Sherwood" on TV as a kid (but I think I only saw Michael PraedÃ‚Â´s episodes by some reason). And recently my brother bought the new released DVD-boxes of the complete series. It was great to see it again and it is the best of all the Robin Hood movies and TV-series. The cast is great and the locations mixed with ClannadÃ‚Â´s music adds this very special feeling. I personally think that Praed is the best of the two Robins but Jason Connery was a great choice to continue the series with. Ray Winstone Nicolas Grace and Robert Addie is terrific in their roles as Will Scarlet The Sheriff of Nottingham and Guy of Gisburne. ItÃ‚Â´s a pity that a fourth season never got made and IÃ‚Â´ve also heard that the writer Richard Carpenter actually had plans to make a feature film following the events of the series. Robert of Huntingdon (Connery) could finally have married Marion (Judi Trott) or maybe Herne the Hunter could resurrect Robin of Loxley (Praed) and he could take his revenge against the sheriff. As have been mentioned before; if the producers of "Robin Hood: The Prince of Thieves" would have been smart they would have got the cast from "Robin of Sherwood" and made the movie to a sort of sequel to the series. As Ray Winstone puts it in the DVD bonusmaterial it would have been great to see them as old men just like in Sean ConneryÃ‚Â´s "Robin and Marian". Who knows maybe we will se more of this perfect interpretation of the legend in the future. In any case we can now watch our favorite series over and over again!
critique4913 I just read the plot summary and it is the worst one I have ever read. It does not do justice to this incredible movie. For an example of a good summary read the listing at "Turner Classic Movies". Anyway this was one of my favorite movies as a young child. My sister and I couldn't wait until every April when we could see it on T.V. It is one of the best horse movies of it's time. It is one of those great classics that the whole family can watch. The romance is clean and endearing. The story line is interesting and the songs are great. They don't make movies like this anymore. Good acting and not over the top. Pat Boone and Shirley Jones are at their best along with many other great character actors.
critique4914 As one other IMDb reviewer puts it "...imagine 2001: A Space Odyssey in the desert" and you wouldn't be far off from a brief summarisation of what to expect from this piece of cinema (I deeply hesitate to use the word "film"). A lecture on philosophical views on creationism the mythos surrounding humanities existence the before and after that was has been the what is and the what will be. This for some maybe a "2001" on sand but they tackle different philosophical viewpoints one about evolution and the future the hope and potential for mankind while Fata Morgana itself is a somewhat more metaphysical trek. I only hope I can convey it effectively enough.<br /><br />Herzogs style will not to be everyones liking and those who are not of a perceived hardcore branch of cinematic viewing may and most likely will find this extremely hard going and may not even see it through to its finale after 72 minutes. Fusing together a montage of footage from the Sahara including villages villagers and various other places for a somewhat surrealist ending music of various genres and an almost mythical narration Fata Morgana is severely slow paced but ultimately hugely rewarding. <br /><br />Opening with a montage of various filmed shots of planes landing for nigh on five minutes you already arrival at the introduction of the film immensely confused and the sense that this will not be like anything you have seen before echoes clear in your mind. Divided into three sections creation paradise and the golden age Fata Morgana attempts and succeeds in being able to juxtapose images of the natural beauty of the desert with the man made instruments that taint it. Its three segments are narrated by different persons each pertaining specifically to the particular section they are voicing and provide extra emphasis on the long soliloquy's and desert montages.<br /><br />Fata Morgana is a film dealing with the existence of man on our Earth. It looks at the natural beauty the Earth was designed for and concurrently looking at the potential beauty we have within us more notably shows us our negative contributions to the world in which we live. Each shot has been purposefully constructed using what can only be described within the context of this film as 'The Holy Trinity Of Filming' in pictures words and music. Each part of these three pieces provides something notably to each shot but when brought together they create something greater than the whole of their parts they create unbridled beauty and deep thought within our minds. I will not be able to do this film the justice it deserves with mere words alone perhaps if I had pictures and a score and I do know this will not be appreciated by the masses but this a profound and I will not use the term "art film" because this is simply just art. This is moving art which moves the mind and stirs the soul. Whether or not creationism is your want is irrelevant because this film is about intelligent design.
critique4915 This movie gives us some WWII history along with some touching romance a little fantasy and meaningful emotion - and beautiful scenery. Nicholas Cage never fails us and here again does a great job. And so do the other principle characters. One key charater the physician/father played by John Hurd delivers (to his daughter) one of the best definitions of love I've ever heard. Some of the events are a bit too coincidental to be real but I excused that knowing that this is partly fairy tale and fantacy. My wife and I really liked the film. And it is nice to watch people taking the risks to love the enemy. One man who left the theatre near us said to his wife "Now that's the way to wage war!" I think you'll see what he means when you watch the Italian occupiers of this lovely Greek island.
critique4916 I collect Horror films from all over and I have seen the good and the very bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Sure the acting is bad the storyline is basically a mix of all zombie movies thrown together and the quality is low in some spots. The thing you seem to be missing is that it's still entertaining and really very fun. The effects range from like someone on here has said pasty-faced zombies that look like KISS rejects to really good ones with some amazing latex work. But the reason you buy a movie with a title like this is for the gore and this film is amazing in that area. The effects are very good for such a small film. Someone called it a Party movie and it is. 100% fun party movie. I have heard from various websites that this is actually a "rough cut" of the film that got general release but the actual "director's cut" is coming on DVD and it is very nice quality. I will buy it and judge for myself.<br /><br />Story is basically a Nuclear power plant goes bad and makes zombies. The gov't closes it down hides the story and sanctions houses to be built over it. Some of the plant is still underground and these undead come up and attack the area. A few actors do a great job there's some pretty straight social commentary that is insightful and true good music great lighting some effective suspense and tons of blood and sick gore. One guy gets attacked and ripped from the lower area all the way up if you know what I mean. Then his guts are shoved out of his mouth. Another is torn in half like in Day Of The Dead and they did a great job of that effect. There are a million gore gags and it's almost ALL action. I say stop being a prude enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat market. Two great undead epics.<br /><br />OK - UPDATE!!! I just got the DVD set and here is what I thought:<br /><br />MUCH better picture quality and for once I was able to see the actual DIRECTOR'S CUT of the film and it is a much better movie. I liked it before but now I can see what Todd Sheets was actually trying to do with this one. And the commentary helps too hearing Sheets talk about the film in detail He knows it's a trashy zombie movie but he does show respect to all people involved. Also Sheets has a great sense of humor and some humble integrity that others could learn from in the movie field. The behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is pretty fun as well. I felt it was almost as entertaining as the film it was made for. There are some great interviews and behind the scenes footage mixed with news stories about the film from some major places like CNN FOX and MTV. Over all a fun little film that is VERY rough around the edges but still had me laughing and enjoying the ride! I have seen many DV films and some shot of video films and many are quite dull but this one really wasn't. While newer DV films are technically superior they just aren't this much fun!<br /><br />PS - I heard they are now remaking this on a big budget???
critique4917 Jess is 18 very smart and wants nothing more than to play football when she joins a local team she has to lie to her parents again and again as they would never approve of her chasing her dream they want her to settle down with a nice Indian boy and learn how to cook.<br /><br />Bend it Like Beckham is a very funny feel good movie that doesn't need to be deep and complex it's just fine as it is. The cast are all very good and they play their roles very well the story is simple and predictable but it works perfectly and the script is very realistic and very funny.<br /><br />A great Family movie 8/10
critique4918 I bought this game on an impulse buy from walmart. I am glad I did. It was very entertaining listening to Sean Connery and playing the game. I thought the graphics were the best I have ever seen in a movie/game remake. The bonus levels were very hard! The sniper one I think was too hard it made me so frustrated I didn't play the game for a week and a half. There were too many people shooting at you with nothing to hide behind or life to handle it. <br /><br />The only thing I might change was the upgrade system. I didn't notice any difference from un-upgraded equipment to the upgraded such as buying an armor upgrade didn't seem to make the armor stronger or more filling on my life meter. I really liked the Q copter. I think the developers did a good job.
critique4919 I love this show! Mr. Blick Gordon and Waffle are cats so different from each other yet they refer to themselves collectively as 'brothers.' I often find myself trying to imitate the tired sighing accent of their butler Hovis or even the Scottish borough of Gordon. There should be more episodes made about Human Kimberly. The episode about the cats disguising themselves as pre-teen girls to gain admittance to Human Kimberly's slumber party in order to get their thirsty paws on their favorite drink Rootbeer is a hilarious classic. We can't drink rootbeer in our house now without either doing the Catscratch voices or the Hanson Brothers from the movie 'Slap Shot.' Future classic. Where can I get the first two seasons on DVD??
critique4920 I want to add to the praise for the production of this film especially the luminous cinematography. Firelight glistening off of smooth and muscled skin creates stunningly beautiful imagery. The film was nominated for (and won) a single Oscar - the first given for editing. Mala's performance is moody penetrating and powerful.
critique4921 Spoiler for anyone who is lucky enough to ever see this film (so not really spoiler after all). Saw this film when it was released and can still remember parts of it. It's all set in a small town in the west or what is left of that town. It more resembles a ghost town with few inhabitants. Among them a couple where the wife is especially wicked. She lets her man die in the end of the film and leaves the town but has to cross the desert. We never know what happens to her next but just before she left her dying man shoots after her and deliberately does not hit her and instead the water supply. She is not aware of that soon she will be very thirsty. Mark Damon kills a couple of bad guys in a funny manor - but that's another story which I don't remember too good. The remaining impression of the film was that it was one of the first times I saw a really wicked woman on film who pretends to be anything but wicked - can't be compared with the witch in 'Snowwhite' who in comparison is easy to find out. Very tight western with few main characters and still absorbing.
critique4922 I read somewhere (in a fairly panning review) that this is something of a live-action mecha anime and I think they're on the right lines. I first watched this movie when I was very young and I've been dying to see it again and when I finally did just recently all the memories came flooding back. I don't think this is to be taken too seriously - it's just a bit of good old 80's almost-a-TV-movie fun (it is set against the backdrop of a fairly dark future although this point isn't stressed too much). What I admired most about this movie was that the dialogue didn't sound generic - no clichÃƒÂ©s no predictable lines - all in all just good fun! Maybe time hasn't been kind to this little movie but still I can find appreciation for it in me. It's by no means perfect but it's entertaining and doesn't try to be anything other than that. Let the nerds and comic-store-guys worry about technicalities - who cares? See it for yourself and make your own decision. No-one else's opinion matters.
critique4923 Chaplin is a doughboy in his final film of 1918 a doughboy who can not seem to get the marching down straight. He spends time "over there" in World War One trenches. Several gags stand out: Limburger cheese as a makeshift grenade for one. The cramped quarters of the barracks in the trenches and when Chaplin and his mates are washed out of their bunks by flooding are highlights. Chaplin ends up capturing several German soldiers single-handed and he spanks the German commander for refusing a cigarette. When asked how he did it Chaplin replies that he surrounded them. Chaplin hides behind enemy lines as a tree of all things and those scenes are very very funny. He escapes to a bombed house where he meets up with a French girl played by Edna Purviance. He's tracked down by German soldiers escapes from them again and Purviance is arrested for assisting him. Chaplin is able to pull a fast one by bopping a soldier and using the soldier's uniform. He ends up saving Purviance of course and capturing the Kaiser in the process. Along the way Chaplin employs some sight gags and slapstick in turning back the German soldiers. With this film Chaplin explored the location possibilities in filming while maintaining the audience's attention for closer to feature length time something his contract with the Mutual Film Corporation disallowed him. The film also allowed him to poke fun at the enemy something he would again do to greater effect in The Great Dictator. *** of 4 stars.
critique4924 I've also been looking to find this movie for quite some time and how great it would be to find it on DVD...<br /><br />I saw this movie when I was about 6 years old in the Netherlands. And I was very impressed by it. It was shown before Walt Disney's JUNGLE BOOK! <br /><br />What I remember of this movie is fragmented. I remember that an Indian boy was friends with an eagle. This impressed me very much. For some reason he was thrown out of his village (did not grasp the reason for this). When other boys threw stones at him he climbed a rock and jumped off. At that time he turned into an eagle and flew away with his eagle friend. As an eagle he was still wearing his turquoise necklace. <br /><br />CB
critique4925 Honestly when I went to see this movie at the Rave theater in Plainfield Indiana I did not expect much. I went to this movie only because I figured hey it's a WWE movie it'll be good for a laugh. Then I sat down and watched it and saw why they chose Glen Jacobs (Kane) to play Jacob Goodnight. He is probably one of the freakiest guys on the big screen (much worse in my opinion than Freddy or Jason) and has one big advantage to other movies that attracts me to a horror movie. It shows Jacob Goodnight as someone who is human. He has a heart no matter how twisted and creepy it is. He feels pain something that Jason never does or appears to show. He feels sorrow and pleasure though again both of them insane which you will notice if you see the movie. All in all a different experience in my opinion than many slashers and it surprised me in a few ways as in who lived in the end.
critique4926 I watched this film early 70's.It is the best film I have ever watched And I will never forget it as long as I live. I hate wars. I hate wars. I hate wars. I wonder why we humans still let wars happen. Do you? Do you know why all these wars go on and on and on? innocent people get killed even today for stupid and unreal rezone ? I watched this film early 70's.It is the best film I have ever watched And I will never forget it as long as I live. I hate wars. I hate wars. I hate wars. I wonder why we humans still let wars happen. Do you? Do you know why all these wars go on and on and on? innocent people get killed even today for stupid and unreal rezone ? I watched this film early 70's.It is the best film I have ever watched And I will never forget it as long as I live. I hate wars. I hate wars. I hate wars. I wonder why we humans still let wars happen. Do you? Do you know why all these wars go on and on and on? innocent people get killed even today for stupid and unreal rezone ?
critique4927 Who Will Love My Children Saddest movie I have ever seen. Definite 10/10. Released on TV in 1983. Movie has been released on VHS. DVD release is a must sooner rather than later. Mother dying of cancer must find homes for all her children before she dies because her thoughts are that her husband and father of the kids is not capable of caring for them once she has died. She manages to find homes for the children except one a young boy whom is not wanted because he suffers from epilepsy. Very sad when your not wanted. In for a real good tear jerker get your hands on this movie. I'm a male even I cried when I watched this movie. Not to be missed.
critique4928 Turner and friends are closing in on HBO for the top spot among made-for-TV movie producers. This is a nicely paced contemplative thriller of sorts. William Macy is stellar as always and Adam Arkin offers one of his better performances. A bit more lively than classic Hitchcock but not as in-your-face as typical movies of its type A Slight Case of Murder eases you in and never lets go. (Note: I saw a preview copy which means I didn't have to wait through commercials. Those interruptions may hurt the pacing but you know this will be available on video sometime
critique4929 Im gonna make this short and sweet because i don't think there is much you can really tell someone about this show who has never seen it other than its hilariously funny and unique for me its possibly the funniest show ever.<br /><br />You have to really watch it to understand its humour and it took me a few episodes to really get into it but once your in there is no getting back out. For example the way Hydes character always wants to see his friends get in some sort of trouble the more it happens the funnier it becomes.<br /><br />Its all round classic I mean the cast the writers the director its just a recipe for success. One actor i think who always gets a hard time is Ashton Kutcher but i mean he's great in this show i don't think its possible for the the character Kelso to have been played by anyone else it takes someone very smart to play someone that stupid. All the main characters are great and it wouldn't be a worth while review if i didn't mention the stone cold fox Mila Kunis now thats a spicy meet a ball ha ha all joking aside amazing show.
critique4930 The greatest Tarzan ever made! This movie is done in a way that no other Tarzan ever has come close in doing. It has every thing in it that you would want in a Tarzan movie. No other Tarzan movie ever has or ever will portray the character this well. I would say that if you have seen a Tarzan movie and liked it you should see this one you will love it and if you have never seen Tarzan you should see this one and forget the rest of them.
critique4931 Mani sir as usual brings out another amazing story with Kannathil Muthamittal. Such an amazing relationship between parents and child is brought out in a beautiful fashion. Mani Sir as usual without much special effects and not much outdoor shoots.(In fact this was the only movie where he went outside India ever..that too just to sri lanka).Mani's class is written all over the movie...and to add to it ARR's music..which is just amazing...Vellai Pookal is one of my most fav songs ever... Maddywho is what he is in the film industry has impressed a lot too. Starting from alaipayuthey to kannathil to ayutha ezuthu to guru.. Mani ratnam has showed to the world what a versatile actor Maddy is. Simran has been really good too. She has showed that she can act too in non-glamorous and character roles. In all an amazing movie. Sad that the tamil public could not appreciate this gr8 movie and it bombed at the box-office....
critique4932 I've now seen this one about 10 times so there must be something about it I like!<br /><br />50's US sci-fi movies were pretty much a mixed bunch: they were either intelligently made and/or thought provoking or cheap and laughable cheese. Forbidden Planet is a bit of both but in that rarity for the genre colour.<br /><br />It also had a head start with the script - although Shakespeare might not have recognised it it was based on his timeless play and thus guaranteed a certain amount of longevity itself if made well.<br /><br />It's the story of one mans murderous id artificially magnified infinitely by machines a dead race left switched on 200000 years before. Along the way the plot bristles with 50's stereotypes and corn so pure you wonder sometimes why you're watching it but always do. That love triangle thing...yuk! Disney's cartoonery still holds up well and the cartoon backgrounds straight off the covers of Galaxy magazine etc look good even after 50 years. Robbie driving the car over the desert in the far distance is a hoot though!<br /><br />All in all with all faults the best of its kind and we should be grateful that such a pristine print survives.
critique4933 This was a romantic simple funny movie. I really enjoyed it and would definitely say to watch it and enjoy it Will Smith was funny fumbly nervous sweet and just a simple guy who got hit by Love. It was cute to see him fall for someone and be so nervous and lost as to what to do or say. It was great. He was great funny as usual. Eva Mendes was better than i expected her to be as well i thought there were moments in the movie where Will got the shaft he was doing everything he could being a good guy and still getting treated bad. The ending was romantic and happy and it was great. I have seen it several times and would watch it again. A funny movie something you don't see a lot of anymore. It had the old time feel with a fresh new look.
critique4934 This film as it is now is far shorter than it was when released in 1918. In fact it is now more available with two other medium sized silent Chaplin features (A DOG'S LIFE and THE PILGRIM) that Chaplin re-released in the 1950s. In it's day SHOULDER ARMS was a big hit because of it's humor in uniform approach. It still is very funny (Chaplin in disguise as a tree spying on the Germans is so ridiculous it's hysterical) but it suffers from being set in it's own age. Charlie's dealing with World War I a hideous conflict that killed 20 million people but not the worst war (horrible to say) of the 20th Century. Chaplin would live to see that war too and would spoof it's main architects in THE GREAT DICTATOR. But the latter is more accessible to modern audiences because that movie is a talking picture. Also Hitler as a target seems more important to audiences in 2008 than Kaiser Wilhelm II and his general staff.<br /><br />SHOULDER ARMS was to take us through the drafting of the tramp his training his getting use to trench warfare and his actual fighting against the "Huns" on the Western Front. Much of this is now gone - one segment (when Albert Austin is a Doctor examining Chaplin in his office at the draft center) is still in existence and was shown completely in the documentary UNKNOWN CHAPLIN. This is unfortunate because the film is now roughly forty five minutes long and there seems to be gaps that these scenes filled out. What remains is first rate but one leaves wanting more...and feeling a trifle cheated.<br /><br />Sydney Chaplin and Henry Bergman do well in supporting parts especially Sydney as Wilhelm. He had done it before in a short with Charlie for the sale of bonds giving a militaristic speech before being clobbered by the tramp with a huge hammer labeled "War Bonds"). Here we see the tramp succeed in capturing Wilhelm and the general staff at the conclusion. It was only topped by Stan and Ollie capturing the German army with a tank and barbed wire in PACK UP YOUR TROUBLES.<br /><br />The funny thing is that Chaplin actually had a major crisis as a result of his wartime activities. He was not a naturalized American - not in 1917 or in 1952 when Attorney General McGranery publicly announced that Chaplin could not return to the U.S. because he was an enemy alien (Chaplin and his family were in Europe on a trip - in anger Charlie settled in Switzerland for the rest of his life except when he made A COUNTESS FROM HONG KONG and when he went to Hollywood for his special career "Oscar" in the 1970s). Because he was not an American he could not be drafted by the U.S. So he sold (with Douglas Fairbanks Sr. and Mary Pickford) U. S. War Bonds. But in Great Britain tens of thousands had perished in World War One battlefields and the public there was upset at Chaplin who they considered a "slacker" and a coward. Chaplin eventually did overcome this but remnants of the resentment followed him until he died. This does not detract from the success of SHOULDER ARMS as a film but it does suggest why Chaplin did not do another modern war film until 1940 and a worthier target.
critique4935 Having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the Slavic Village-Broadway area I couldn't wait to see it's final copy.<br /><br />Viewing this film at the Cleveland Premier last FridayI haven't laughed out loud at a comedy in a long time! It is great slapstick. The Russo Brothers did a fine job directing. The entire cast performs their best comedic acting... No slow or dry segments... George Clooney is one of my favorite actors and he's great as the crippled safe breaker in this flick. I was most imprest by William H. Macy as crook "Riley" and Michael Jeter's as "Toto" they keep you in "stitches". I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie.
critique4936 My comment is mainly a comment on the first commentator (the extra on the film) and his unhappy assessment of the film. I think his perspective indicates why an extra is an extra and a director is a director. The film was sweet the acting sufficient the experience of watching it a nice diversion from a busy work week. It wasn't "The Hours" (acting) or "The Matrix" (Special Effects) or even "The Color Purple" (Direction). Most movies won't be. But it also wasn't the crap fest that "vinny..." would lead you to believe. Sorry guy just my 2 cents.<br /><br />As to the movie itself it was in the end very gay affirming (+ #1). It showed a world full of diverse and less than perfect people--you know just like ours (+ #2)! It opened a door on one culture without excluding other cultures (+ #3). And I liked the music (+ #4).
critique4937 DON'T LOOK IN THE BASEMENT This little forgotten gem holds a special place in my heart and on the Video Nasties List. The flute-sitar-rattle box soundtrack is classic. The main character although way hotter than most low budget starlets is a pretty standard low budget lead. The Doctor Masters character is well written and well acted. Some of the lesser characters are kinda stupid but add to the nostalgia of the movie. It's Campy. I ain't trying to lie. The character that makes this great is a Faulknarian Man-Child named Sam one of the patients in this sanitarium-gone-mad-flick. The gore is pretty standard although I think the color of the blood is awesome. It's so ..Red. This movie I believe was received poorly because of it advertising scheme. Some soulless little ad executive got his grubby hands on it and thought " Let's rip of the AD campaign for Last House on the Left that's doing well". Little chumps like this have ruined the world of film. All balls and no brain. Also the editor may or may not have been an alcoholic. Maybe there all drunk. You'll see what I mean. One more little note. Don't buy this from the Wally-Mart dollar rack. They have cut it to and unwatchable level. Try to find the longest cut you can.
critique4938 After "Star Wars: A New Hope" redefined science fiction and "The Empire Strikes Back" redefined "Star Wars" it's hard to believe that the third and final film of this trilogy can manage to be as good as the other two but this one really does a nice job. The first part of the film resolves the cliffhanger left by the previous one with an elaborate escape plan that is in keeping with the incredible suspense and action of the first two films. Then the film moves back to the rebel alliance and what's going on in the war. There is a lot of action in the scenes building up to the rebellion's final confrontation with the Emperor. When the battle begins the audience is already on the edge of their seats from everything leading up to it and this final battle is even more intense than those from the other films. This climax is definitely more dense with action than any other part of the trilogy with the most at stake for the rebellion. This is continually changing between a ground battle between the rebel strike crew on land (including Han Solo Chewbacca and Leia) the battle raging on in space (including Lando) and a confrontation between Luke and the Emperor on the new Death Star which leads up to another duel with Darth Vader. It is really intense since the rebels constantly seem to be losing the battle that will determine the outcome of the war and there seems to be no escape. Although I think the idea of Ewoks overpowering stormtroopers is a bit far-fetched it didn't seem very unrealistic since they were more of a distraction that the rebels could use rather than an actual threat to the stormtroopers although they did have some luck fighting them. There is also a twist or two at the end that nobody saw coming which may not be quite as stunning as that of "The Empire Strikes Back" but still complete a very spectacular trilogy very well. With the light tone of "A New Hope" and the more sinnister tone of "The Empire Strikes Back" this film really completes them by combining the two in this grand finale. The Special Edition for "Return of the Jedi" concentrated on what would have been nice to change since not much of the original really needed it. Fifteen years of technology advancements didn't seem to make up for fifteen years of deterioration as far as the rancor scene is concerned and there still is the occasional disappearing TIE fighter but other than that it was good. The gaping non-threatening Sarlaac's mouth was given moving tentacles and a huge fly-trap looking head that emerged which definitely added to the suspense. Also the disco was taken out of Jabba's palace and the lame ending of the original was replaced by a huge victory celebration spanning the entire galaxy instead of just a small Ewok village which was the case of the original and that didn't really end a story this big the way it deserved. It's hard to say which of the three films was the best but since it's all part of the same story the over-all trilogy is like one big outstanding film. A THIRD must-see for film fans.
critique4939 Even if you do not typically enjoy documentaries odds are you will find this one fascinating. Not only does it have a well-mapped out plot that while easy to follow contains its interesting detours; it also has a very strong emotional resonance and not one that relies on a simple specific tone. Instead the emotions here are as profound and turbulent as the seas featured.<br /><br />That being said if you know nothing of Donald Crowhurst and the 1968 single-handers boat race around the world...as was the case for me...please stop reading and rent/view this film. <br /><br />SPOILERS FOLLOW<br /><br />My friend Brian recommended this at the same time that my Aunt had sent me a clipping linking this film with Antonioni's work In 2007 I was mesmerized by several of Antonioni's films still am! To connect this film to Antonioni I think is a bit of a stretch the character most likely to be seen in one of Michaelangelo's movies is Francoise Moitessier de Cazalet. It's funny on the main IMDb page he isn't even listed as playing "Himself" which is probably a function of his lengthy name as opposed to his self realization/renunciation. Since Moitessier sails right out of the race that could be considered is a bit like Anna in L'Avventura. Quite a major minor character.<br /><br />While there are many things to love about this film: the actual footage from the time the stoic best friend the sheer power of the Roaring Forties I walked away with a simple connection. A man truly at sea. There have been times in my life where I wonder how I got to such a point caught between dreams and reality feeling like a stowaway in my own skin. It may be that I'm reading too much into this documentary and that in turn the directors read too much into Crowhurst but I found that sense as spell-binding as the other secrets kept in this film.<br /><br />On the odd chance that Crowhurst's wife (who seemed a remarkable study in restraint with understandably conflicted overtones) and his children (so young in the found footage and still young at this late date in the sense of their pain and pride for their father) I am certain the comments here and the film itself fail to catch the man that your father was. In his death however he has given the world a glimpse of something like a lost myth he is a pre-GPS Odysseus. Never finding his body adds to the air of frail immortality if not the stature of a cosmic being of which he had writ.<br /><br />This film sticks with you after the viewing as if you expect another twist to emerge from the deep waters. Or at the very least you hope for the Moitessier sequel.<br /><br />Thurston Hunger 8/10
critique4940 I used to love watching "Sabrina the Teenage Witch" Friday nights on ABC's TGIF. I think this was one of the best shows on TGIF. My friends and I used to get together every Friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.<br /><br />My favorite character was Salem. He was adorable and sooo funny. I liked Sabrina's boyfriend Harvey too. He was HOT. I think Melissa Joan Hart played a good teenage witch too. My favorite episodes were "Sabrina Through the Looking Glass" and "Hilda and Zelda: the Teenage Years". Those episodes were great.<br /><br />Overall I really miss this show. I hope one day ABC brings it back with new episodes. I give this show 10/10 stars.
critique4941 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique4942 Hoot is a nice plain movie with a simple message. It seemed like that this film was for young children but I know that adults will like this film. The storyline is pretty simple. A kid who moved to Florida must help a soccer jock and an outcast save burrowing owls from construction of a pancake house. The message in this film is big especially for animal activists and lovers. The message is about doing all you can to save endangered animals. The acting in this film is decent. All the three kids looked like they had good chemistry. The music is not too shabby. I liked Jimmy Buffet's songs in this film. Overall this is a good family film. I rate this film a 9/10.
critique4943 for a movie like this little hidden gem to come out in the 80s its shocking how not a lot of people know about it.<br /><br />this movie is definitely worth a look. it has all the things you need for a horror movie. especially the good old chills.<br /><br />i remember watching this movie for the first time about 15 years ago but i couldn't remember the name of it so i came to IMDb a few years ago to ask for help on finding the title. i eventually got the name of the title and bought the movie. i still love it as much as i did all those years ago.<br /><br />buy this movie!!
critique4944 So every year there is at least one movie that hasn't got any chance of being a box office success because from the moment of production even before one simple shot is filmed everybody's picking on this movie... There is a long list of these kind of movies and in the end some are really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)) some may have their flaws but are quite enjoyable (Catwoman (2004) Elektra (2005)) and then there are a few which actually are really great for what they are but no one admits! I mean my gosh just because the wide crowd does have to have a victim each year they can pick on not everybody has to join them. So yeaaah maybe those movies aren't perfect but c'mon how many movies are? Not every movie is supposed to be a new The Lord of the Rings! Not everybody will enjoy these movies but I bet there are more than who admit they do. Hudson Hawk (1991) who is just hysterical funny Color of Night (1994) which may not be Oscar-worthy but is definitely a not dumb at all thriller with some nice twists Swept Away (2002) which I thought is a great mix of sick humor and a beautiful romance Gigli (2003) which was great entertainment with some really memorable lines and not badly acted at all from the former "Bennifer"-Couple and this year it's "Basic Instinct 2"! Well when I heard the rumors of a sequel to one of my favorite movies I was very sceptically and although I really love Sharon Stone I stayed sceptically until I've finally seen this movie. And really I was very positively surprised! I can't understand why it gets such a bad press and such a bad voting here. It never simply copies the original it has a quite clever story has tension action humor and the absolutely stunning Sharon Stone reprising the role of her life! With 47 years when shooting the movie she looks hotter than many stars in their 20s but it's more than her being beautiful it's brilliantly acted with all her looks her famous smile the way she speaks and moves... from the very first frame she's in you can't take your eyes off of her. It's simply a pleasure to watch her as Catherine Tramell and all of the other actors deliver solid performances too! So I really can't see what's wrong with this movie... it has a dark thrilling sexy and gritty look strong performances and you never felt bored! Maybe the story isn't Oscar-caliber but it never even tries to be! It's an entertainment-movie and by this standard it absolutely delivers in my opinion! So give it a try!
critique4945 This is an excellent film with an extraordinary cast and acting. I was very disappointed with the Academy Awards when this didn't get the Oscar for best film and for best actress (Woopi Goldberg)... it certainly deserved it. In any case take a look at it. i am sure you will enjoy it very much.
critique4946 I get teased all the time by family and friends for my tears over movies and they were not disappointed when I watched this one. I cried numerous times but believe me it was not over sappiness. I ached for the family and I ached for this man as he tried to redeem himself the only way he knew how. Denzel was fabulous as always and so was Chris Walkin. Mickey Rourke I did not even recognized though; the years have not been kind to him. My husband is not one to re-watch movies unless they are historically accurate war movies(snore!!!!) He has watched this movie 5 times now and I am going to have to get the DVD to watch it again because he has worn out the tape and it jumped the whole time I was watching.
critique4947 When I saw this movie i expected it to be a cheesy American movie done on the cheap with appalling actors. I was really surprised to find that i was totally wrong. The movie centres around Bartely or B who has been rejected from all of his colleges- the actor who play B is very natural and makes his character seem real- and decides to create a pretend school so his parents stop harassing him. However loads of people see his fake website and join. Feeling their sorrows B can't turn them away much to the chagrin of his best mate. The college is the ideal place with you learning what you want or doing nothing. The school faces opposition from the proper college which ends up closing it down. The film ends on a high and i recommend you watching it. Its does have it flaws but it is a feel good cheerful film with a few unpredictable twists.
critique4948 In the history of movies based on comic books "Mystery Men" is one of the most underrated ones. This is no regular comic superhero movie! It follows the exploits of a motley crew of well-meaning wannabes which include Mr. Furious (played by Ben Stiller) the Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) the Shoveller (William H. Macy) the Blue Rajah (Hank Azariah) and the Spleen (Paul Reubens). "Mystery Men" spoofs several aspects of superhero movies like "Superman" or "Batman" such as the pithy sayings and the questions about secret identities. Most of the superheroes aren't billionaires like Bruce Wayne but blue-collar types with menial jobs and neurotic home lives. So it looks as if director Kinka Usher is making the heroes into something the average viewer can relate to. I found "Mystery Men" to be visually stimulating and very funny. Even if it doesn't turn into a franchise it's still a joy to watch!
critique4949 I guess I'm part of the silent minority who enjoyed this film. Is it one of the best of the "Nightmare" series? Maybe not but I had lots of fun with it. Freddy Krueger reaches his evil wisecracking potential. Since parts 4 and 5 kind of lagged the series down I felt this so-called final installment ("New Nightmare" is the real finale) brought the series out of its slump. There are some great nightmare sequences including one where Breckin Meyer plays a stoner who gets trashed falls asleep and gets stuck in a video game to which Freddy controls. This is both a highly original and hilarious sequence especially when we see him out of the dreamscape hopping around like Super Mario. And Freddy belts out the funny one-liner "Great graphics." And since the movie was made about 10 years ago it brought back memories when Freddy started controlling the game with the Powerglove. Anyone who remembers the first 8-bit Nintendo remembers the Powerglove. <br /><br />The cast is superb. Lisa Zane is perfectly cast in the lead. I haven't seen Yaphet Kotto since "The Running Man" and I think the last time I saw that film was about 5 years ago. He's another great underappreciated actor who possesses a powerful screen presence. And who can forget the cameos? The best one is by Johnny Depp (from the first "Nightmare") playing a spokesman for an anti-drug commercial. <br /><br />The 3D sequence at the end is really awesome! So for those who are looking to check this film out--please rent or buy it on DVD! Hopefully all the editions come with the 3D glasses but I'm sure the video edition has the 3D element removed. <br /><br />I personally didn't see many things wrong with the film. It even elaborated on Freddy's backstory. The film is a great mix of humor and scares and the gross-out effects are terrific. Could this have given better justice to the franchise? Of course it could have. But Rachel Talalay did a fine job. And finding the perfect conclusion is easier said than done.<br /><br />And in closing I loved the montage over the opening credits. Fans of the series will be delighted and will look at it as a tribute to beloved Freddy. <br /><br />My score: 7 (out of 10)
critique4950 I went into this movie perhaps a bit jaded by the hack-and-slash films rampant on the screen these days. Boy was I surprised. This little treasure was pleasantly paced with a somber dark atmosphere. More surprising yet was the very limited amount of blood actually shown. As with most good movies this one leaves something to the imagination and Bill Paxton did a superb job at directing. Scenes shot inside the car as are well done and after watching the "Anatomy of a Scene" episode at the end of the video tape It was good to see that some of the subtle yet wonderful things I had noticed were intentional and not just an "Oh that looks good keep it" type of direction. This is a moody movie filled with grimness. Still for the dark subject a considerable portion of it is filmed in daylight even some of the more disturbing scenes. The acting is exceptional (Okay I've always been a fan of Powers Booth) and never goes over the top. Au Contraire it is very subdued which works extremely well for this type of film. If there is any one area where this film lacks it is in the ending which seems just a bit too contrived but still works on a simpler level without destroying the mood or the message of the movie. What is the message? It's something that each individual decides for themself. Overall on the 1-10 scale this movie scores an 8 for those who like the southern gothic genre (ie: "Body Heat" or "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil") and about a 5 for those who don't.
critique4951 Me being of Irish origins loved this movie Not only was the guy hot and funny he was also sincere and honest. I loved the girl who he fell in love with too she was pretty. They were such a cute couple. The ending was so sad. Love this movie! Although it is a little dirty it reminds of a British or Irish version of Prime. If you liked this movie you should watch prime. Same story line young guy falls for older women older women falls for young guy to. A lot of paths cross in the end the best decision is made or task is completed. Don't have anything else to say without ruining the whole movie all though I thought the french guy was ugly less appealing to me. Umm...if you like Irish movies I would recommend "Circle of Friends" that movie is so good. Quick quote you might not get unless you watch it" well thats my dinner ruined." LOL
critique4952 Just watched Hair after a lapse of 20 years. It struck home. For those of us who tried to stand on the shoulders of the civil rights movement and fight the rule of privilege and power; who resisted the fascism of the Johnson/Nixon administrations; who now as veterans of civil wars fought the war in Vietnam every single day until finally the US beast died and fled; for all who said no in many different ways -- it's remarkable how unsuccessful we were. How large the real table was on which Treat danced. How driven the wizard behind the curtain. We were 20 22 24. We didn't know the nature of the enemy. The size of the monster who for the next thirty years and counting would continue to eat the world. How could we? Even with smoke and the bat (the bat!) in our hand like Treat we were too young too middle class too invested too much a part of the actions we hated.<br /><br />But there was a moment. As Andre Gregory observes in My Dinner With. . .  there was a moment or two somewhere back there in the late 60's and early 70's when perhaps we could have found something besides the yellow brick road. Something not fueled by Bechtel prisons Enron and Dick. Something collaborative. Something innocent and critical at once. Something with dance.<br /><br />But we missed it. Like Kong bending a girder the "revolution" was turned in on itself. Into sexism. Racism. Homophobia. And class crushing politics. Until we got to "W". Treat would have hated "W". And Iraq and the pathological lies. If they were in that film. Then. But the moment passed and "W" was almost inevitable. Comprehensive incompetence riding the drunken raging bull into estuaries children's lives and China shops.<br /><br />We should have done something more. Something better. But we clearly didn't know what.<br /><br />Now what?
critique4953 Let's start this review out on a positive note -- I am very glad they didn't decide to wimp out with Tony being shot and do a retrospective season like some people were rumoring. Actually creator and writer of this episode David Chase did quite the opposite. We don't actually know if Tony will live or die. He's in a coma and his chances of recovering are very slim to none. This episode seemed to move very slow and the coma induced dream Tony was in involving mistaken identity and robed Asian monks slapping the sh*t out of him was absolutely flat-out weird. After 45-minutes I got a little sick of everyone grieving but that shouldn' t be a reason to slam this episode. It was a weird and unpredictable episode but it was still well-written and intense. Edie Falco gave an astounding career-defining performance in this episode as the conflicted wife having to face with her husband's could-be demise. I also found it interesting AJ dropped out of school and swore a vendetta against Junior which AJ most likely won't have the balls to pull off. Silvio is now acting-boss which opens numerous doors to problems in later episodes. There were a lot of great quips in this episode also and I think Vito 'Pole-Smoker' Spadafore may meet his demise if he keeps being a greedy S.O.B.<br /><br />This wasn't a great episode and disappointed only because even though Tony kills people we as an audience adore him and feel he is our hero of the show. This was a necessary episode for the series even though it was a little snore inducing towards the conclusion. Kudos to Edie Falco's performance and David Chase and the writers for creating this wholly original and unpredictable plot twist. This is the only season of 'The Sopranos' where I haven't a f*cking clue where it is going to go. I can't wait for next week's episode. My Rating: 7.5/10 <br /><br />Best Line of the Episode: (Paulie to AJ): "Let's go Van Helsing!"
critique4954 Greetings again from the darkness. Much anticipated twisted comedy from writer/director Richard Shepard is a coming out party for Pierce Brosnan the actor. That Bond guy is gone. This new guy is something else entirely!! Have read that Shepard thought Brosnan was too much the pretty boy for this plum role but Brosnan proves to be the perfect Julian Noble "Facilitator" ... and is anything but pretty! Do not underestimate how twisted the humor is in this one. If you go expect punch lines and sight gags regarding all types of sex killing religion sports business and anything else you might deem politically incorrect. Brosnan takes an excellent script to another level with his marvelous facial gestures and physical movements. Even sitting on a hotel bed (with or without a sombrero) is a joy to behold.<br /><br />Greg Kinnear is the straight guy to Brosnan's comic and has plenty of depth and comic timing to make this partnership click. Hope Davis has a small but subtly effective supporting role as Kinnear's wife (what's with her name "Bean"?) who happens to get a little excited when she has a facilitator in her living room.<br /><br />The visuals and settings are perfect - including a bullfight racetrack and Denver suburb. And how often do we get The Killers and Xavier Cugat on the same soundtrack? This one is definitely not for everyone but if your sense of humor is a bit off center and you enjoy risky film-making it could be for you.
critique4955 Saw this for the first time on UK TV with good musical accompaniment. The elevator scene is class especially when he does the going-down thing in the phone booth and then fiddles with the floor-indicator. The jump through the transom is really impressive and there's so much more. Apart from all the stuff that's been mentioned before there's the fight with the man who's been bullying the woman with the dog - it just looks so simple. The only drawback is the plot - he gets mixed up with Dead Eye Dan who then escapes but doesn't reappear even when some more gangsters get involved later on. The scene where it looks like he's shooting at the fat inspector is funny but would have been better if Dead Eye was the one pulling the trigger.
critique4956 I was peeved that the best make-up academy award went to Dick Tracy a horrible film with horrible make-up. The Nightbreed (based on the better titled "Cabal" novella) look terrific the acting is excellent and David Chroneburg makes for a truly creepy and terrific antagonist.<br /><br />The plot focus's on Aaron Boone who has recurring nightmares about a society of monsters living under a cemetery. Is he making it up or are they real and calling to him? His Pyschologist (Chroneburg) convinces him he's a murderer a slayer of families.<br /><br />Troubled and suicidal Boone seeks refuge in Midian but the monsters don't want him at first. He is also tracked by his girlfriend Lori who refuses to give up on him even after he dies and comes back cold and monstrous.<br /><br />But Decker isn't about to let Boone continue on. He raises the locals on an all out assault on Midian like a holy war in gods name led by the devil.<br /><br />Barkers themes of misunderstood monsters may come from his experiences as a homosexual male but they are always strong and honest. Nightbreed turns the genre on it's head. The monsters are just trying to survive and want to be left alone but man is hunting them.<br /><br />A 20+ minute longer cut was originally submitted by Barker but the studio chopped it into this fractured masterpiece. Barker is hard at work trying to locate the missing footage for a directors cut release. Until then this version will have to do.
critique4957 In Iran women are prohibited from attending live sporting events because of the fear that they will be "corrupted" by bad language close proximity to thousands of men and the fact that there are no toilet facilities for women in the antiquated stadiums. Based on an actual incident involving the daughter of the director Jafar Panahi's Offside follows six girls disguised as men who are refused entry into the soccer match in 2005 between Iran and Bahrain a match that will decide whether or not Iran goes to the World Cup. In a departure from the bleak minimalist films we have been accustomed to from Iran over the last ten years Offside is an exuberant comedy that has a patriotic fervor and a universal appeal but contains enough subversive social commentary to warrant its prohibition from screenings in Iran.<br /><br />Shot with a digital camera using non-professional actors who are more than up to the task the girls try to sneak into Azadi Stadium in Tehran but are arrested and placed in a holding area outside of the stadium. They are guarded by three young army conscripts (Safdar Samandar Mohammed Kheir-abadi and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud) who express ambivalence about their task but are pledged to follow the rules. The women are soccer enthusiasts not political activists and cheer for Iran's victory but this does not deter the soldiers from detaining them while they wait for the girls to be transported to the Vice Squad and an uncertain future.<br /><br />Outspoken rather than acting like victims they continually question the soldiers about the rationale behind the restrictions making their absurdity quite obvious. Although they can hear the crowd noise the women cannot see the action but achieve a minor victory when they persuade one of the soldiers to provide a running commentary on the game. One of the funniest sequences takes place when a female "prisoner" is escorted to the men's room by a soldier. The young recruit then must cope with a near riot when he has to prevent anyone else from using the facilities while the girl is still inside.<br /><br />Little by little to paraphrase Adlai Stevenson that which unites them turns out to be greater than that which divides them and the unlikely antagonists rally behind their country and root for the victory that will send Iran to the World Cup. Although the point is made early and often and the film sags a bit in the middle Offside makes a telling point about a society where a political elite with a medieval social mentality has to contend with an growing group of educated and politically astute citizens. One can only hope that world pressure and the awakening of its own people will force the Ayatollahs to come to terms with the 21st century.
critique4958 This was my first Gaspar Noe movie I've watched and I have to say I was shocked. I don't mind gore in generally but this isn't even gore  it's real butchering. For some of you a couple of scenes may be impossible to see and I mean really disgusting. Leaving aside these aspects the main ideas revealed here and the dialog are quite brilliant. When you are given a strong argument against bringing a new life into the world and the manner in which it is given you can't stop and take a minute to think about it. The actors did their job well representing general masks of a handpick few people found at the bottom of a diseased society. The movie is full of metaphors but I'll let you figure them out. Don't watch it if you want to have a lite relaxing time. I recommend this movie to all those of you who want something to think about or simply watch something different of what you find in your average cinema.
critique4959 Like most sports movies which have come out in the past this movie is similar in respects that it is based on fact. What sets this movie apart is that its about a rugby team a sport that not too many Americans are familiar with. Set that aside this movie is very rewarding piece of film noir. It reminds me of "We Are Marshall"  but with a smaller budget and an independent movie feel. Its a fine effort by director Ryan Little to bring us a story about a rebellious teen played by Sean Farris (Never Back Down) as Rick Penning that finds himself in an odd place both on and off the field. Despite a few plot lines holes this film has heart rewarding each of its viewers with good characters that we can identify with. Also good performances by supporting actors Gary Cole as coach Larry Gelwix & Neal McDonough as coach Penning(Ricks dad). I felt myself go through a lot of different emotions watching movie in the end I was left with a feeling of faith in mankind & a hope for the future for my children especially if there are coaches out there like Gelwix.
critique4960 I consider myself a great admirer of David Lynch's works for he provides the viewers with absolutely unique motion pictures with typical "Lynch-elements." Having seen most of his works I naively thought I could predict Lynch's next step. I was dead wrong. Dumbland is something I could have never imagined under the name of David Lynch. Still after my recovery from the first shock I started to contemplate about this extremely primitive main character and I drew the conclusion that all the absurdities cruelty brutality and disgust presented here are mirroring bits from reality being emphasized by distorting it. There are things in our lives we hardly ever emphasize for they are either disgusting or horrible however they are surrounding us so I take the courage to say Dumbland focuses on these bits and pieces. This is not a movie to enjoy though you'll sometimes laugh out of a strange perverted sense of humor this is an animated reflection of all things we rather reject to observe with its simplicity morbidity and absurdity. Take it as it is you don't have to like it. It just exists. And finally if you're attentive enough you'll find elements typical to Lynch as well. I recommend it for tolerant people!!!
critique4961 Without doubt the best of the novels of John Le Carre exquisitely transformed into a classic film. Performances by Peter Egan (Magnus Pym The Perfect Spy) Rudiger Weigang (Axel real name Alexander Hampel Magnus' Czech Intelligence controller) Ray McAnally (Magnus' con-man father) and Alan Howard (Jack Brotherhood Magnus' mentor believer and British controller) together with the rest of the characters are so perfect and natural the person responsible for casting them should have been given an award. Even the small parts such as Major Membury are performed to perfection. It says a lot for the power of the performances and the strength of the characters in the novel that despite the duplicity of Magnus one cannot help but feel closer to Magnus and Axel than to Jack Brotherhood and the slimy Grant Lederer of U.S. Intelligence. I have read the book at least a dozen times and watched the movie almost as many times and continue to be mesmerized by both. If I had one book to take on a desert island A Perfect Spy would be the choice above all others.
critique4962 Almost missed it. While visiting friends in Philadelphia sometime in the early 1980`s I was channel surfing after everyone else went to bed. It wasn`t just Bogart he was obsessed with; but rather the entire era of those old flicks those of my age know so well. Add to that a plot liken to The Maltese Falcon - where so many different characters were interacting with Sacchi - and you have a piece of art as far as I`m concerned. About ten years later it appeared on TV and I taped it. >
critique4963 I absolutely ADORED this movie as a child and still do as an adult. To say that is even an understatement. My sister brother and I watched it one year at our grandparents' house during Christmas vacation. They had taped it from TV. Our parents were glad it kept us occupied for the one night but they thought we would tire of it and be ready for outdoor activities the next day. Not so! We became mesmerized. They could not have unglued us if they tried. It became a cherished yearly tradition. We loved everything about it: the time the romance the battle scenes the villains etc.<br /><br />Come on who can resist hating that psycho Bent with his constant SIR!? Classic! Moreover who can resist cheering wildly when Justin falls off the balcony?! What a triumphant moment! I always had a special place in my heart for Orry and Madelaine. They were so romantic. The theme song alone can get me to tear up a little. This movie is incredibly moving and I challenge anyone to stick with it until the very end. It's worth it!!
critique4964 Obviously made on the cheap to capitalize on the notorious "Mandingo" this crassly pandering hunk of blithely rancid Italian sexploitation junk really pours on the sordid stuff with a commendable lack of taste and restraint: The evil arrogant white family who own and operate a lavish slave plantation spend a majority of the screen time engaging in hanky panky both each other and their various slaves. Director Mario Penzauti and screenwriter Tecla Romanelli cram this fetid filth with a teeming surplus of sizzling sleaze: we've got nasty rape interracial copulation (one white lady makes wild love to a muscular black stud while he's tied to a cross) copious female nudity brutal whippings vile degradation lots of lurid soft-core sex and a severely twisted tragic surprise ending that mixes elements of incest murder and miscegenation in a questionable attempt at making a statement about the horrid inhumanity of slavery. Special kudos are in order for foxy brunette actress Paola D'Egidio whose lusty and uninhibited portrayal of depraved and lascivious wicked bitch Rhonda positively burns up the screen. Moreover Marcello Giombini's funky throbbing tribal score hits the groovy spot. Maurizo Centini's fairly polished cinematography likewise does the trick. A satisfyingly seamy chunk of slimy swill.
critique4965 I guess this is the first time I have seen a Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle movie. I really liked him in his (title) role as a butcher boy. The way he moves is very funny in my opinion for example how he handles his knife and the way he rolls a cigarette. I think he is a good actor; his facial expressions really suit the role he plays for example how he winks at the audience in the end. But one might add that that was probably not too difficult. Anyway I think he would have deserved a longer career. As you probably know it was ruined by greedy journalists who made money by printing false accusations that said he was involved in a scandal.<br /><br />The plot is not very important. In the first half Fatty and Alum are employees at a store and rivals for Almondine's affection. After a heavy food fight Almondine is sent to a girls' school by her father the store owner. (This is the beginning of the second half). Both Fatty and Alum enter the school in drag and the fight for Almondine continues. (Some of the characters' names are different in the version that I have seen. It seems that for some reason they replaced the original title cards with new ones.)<br /><br />There are a lot of corny gags like food fights and pratfalls but they are done well in my opinion. And there are some gags I really liked for example how they make the dog run the pepper mill (or is it a coffee mill?) or the scene when Fatty dons a coat although it is obviously not necessary or when Miss Teachem the head of the girls' school spanks Fatty and he spanks her back.<br /><br />Buster Keaton is also funny in this his first movie; a good addition to the cast. In the first half he is a customer at the store in the second half he supports Alum in his fight for Almondine. I liked his acrobatics for example when Fatty pushes him from one room of the school to another he doesn't show a simple pratfall but lands on his hands and his head and does a little pirouette. Watch out for one scene in the food fight: Alum throws a flour bag at him but it misses and hits the store owner instead. That makes Buster laugh which must be a rarity since he normally always shows a neutral expression (which - as you probably also know already - got him the nickname 'The Great Stone Face'). (One more note: Al St. John who plays Alum was 'Fatty' Arbuckle's nephew and later became famous for the role of 'Fuzzy' that he played in lots of westerns.)<br /><br />I don't like this one as much as I like for example 'One Week' and 'The Balloonatic' (films that Buster made later without 'Fatty'). And it didn't make me laugh out loud often - but it made me smile a lot so I have given it eight points.
critique4966 The premise to this movie was one which focused on the polarization of of ideologies in the United States.. This was a highly combustible scenario in America whereby two entirely different cultures collided. What justified such heinously depraved actions anyway?.. As this film presents the scene(while Hickock and Smith drank) these two men were not intoxicated nor were they under any kind of influence of drugs!! It was a clear cut case of cold and calculated deliberation.. Basically these violent acts were the end result of emotional and social neglect... Anytime past 1975 we as a nation have nurtured an empathy for deviates who have been victimized by their environment... However this incident takes place in 1959!! This dreadful revelation sideswiped us and mired the nation into a tailspin of conflicting ethics!! With the recent release of the movie "Capote" based on Truman Capote who was the creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood" the American people have cultivated a new found fascination with this film!! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith one of the villains in this movie... This is seemingly appropriate given the notoriety he has been involved with concerning his personal life!! "In Cold Blood" centers on the element of the unexplained... There was no vengeance involved there was no material gain to be acquired there was no potential for social advancement here either this is merely an instance of a latent and insidiously belligerent anger which ends certainly did not justify the means!! The situational diatribes which Hickock and Smith lamented about were always ambiguous!! Under the circumstances why then should they take their frustrations out on an anonymously unsuspecting and innocent Kansas family?.. Will Geer (Grandpa Walton) plays the prosecuting attorney who is sickened by this act of macabre capriciousness!! His argument is thoroughly convincing... His contention being: "These two men who demonstrated no mercy are now asking for yours" This is a line of logic which would induce me to render a verdict of a conviction if I were to be one of the members of the jury!! Absolute disdain for your precarious plight in life does not serve as vindication for orchestrating a capital crime!! It was Capote's instincts that dictated that such a deranged act of violence should have been brought to the American public's attention!! As it turn out it was a harbinger of things to come.. "In Cold Blood" did just that!! This incident was the calm before the storm relating to a pertinent aspect of emergence to the radical 1960's!! Such a lethal charade also served as an insight to the isolated interests which would besiege many typical Americans for the future!!!<br /><br />Truman Capote does a tremendous job on authenticating this savage occurrence with his book (which was a best seller) and with this documentary as well... The acting in this film by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson as well as people like John Forsythe was incredible!! The director Richard Brooks ("Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" "Blackboard Jungle" "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo" to name but a few!!) was outstanding in his collaborative efforts in this movie!! I think that "In Cold Blood" is one of the best films in the history of movies!! The film depicts two reprehensible spawns of depravity who delved into demented theatrics and wound up captivating a trite gratification for being acknowledged at a pejorative nationwide level!!.... This movie pinpoints a psychological discontentment which spurs on an emerging bevy of counter culture purveyors of violence!! Our nation's ideologies are incredibly different now than they were in 1959!! This movie introduces the American people to the emotional and vacillating culprits who initiated such a precarious metamorphosis in our overall value system!! I recommend to everyone that they see this movie..."In Cold Blood" was the focal point to the film "Capote"! Think about it making a movie about a movie constitutes a rare and coveted accolade in Hollywood!! In the case of "In Cold Blood" it is an extreme example of a movie which is vicariously clairvoyant intellectually elevating and of course it goes without saying "In Cold Blood" was utterly spellbinding as well as a totally remarkable movie!!
critique4967 I happened to catch this movie on cable one afternoon. I have to admit that I've never been a big baseball fan but I can sometimes get into a good sports-related movie. What I found more interesting was the depiction of the foster family system. As a therapist who has seen both the good and the bad of the community mental health and foster system I though it was rather refreshing to see a movie that showed both the ups and downs of this system: people jumping from family to family biological parents not always taking an active involvement and transitions that can be but heart-wrenching and heart-melting. Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Danny Glover are the anchor of this film and both bring very believable performances. Maybe it was just my emotional state but I did find myself shedding a tear at the end of the film.
critique4968 This is the greatest movie ever. If you have written it off with out ever seeing it. You must give it a second try.
critique4969 In what is a truly diverse cast this show hits it's stride on FOX. It is the kind of sitcom that grows on you. If you just watch 1 show you might not like it much but once you watch two or three- you get hooked.<br /><br />This is because some of the jokes hit & some miss depending upon how you view them. As is usual today the themes are very mature. The humor is usually very mature too. Often the most funny parts are the parts where the mature themes collide with the innocent ones.<br /><br />Red (Kurtwood Smith) a veteran actor does some very good deadpan type of humor on this show. Debra Jo Rupp plays well in this ensemble cast too. Danny Masterson the oldest actor of the "kids" is very good too. Laura Prepon (Donna) looks better in the earlier shows as a natural redhead (who got the idea of making her a blonde?). She shows very good talent & comedic timing often. She looks good without make up too.<br /><br />This is one of the better entries on FOX in the sitcom department & it's most successful live action one since Married With Children
critique4970 This film is full of charming situations and healthy young people easy on the eyes whether they are wearing clothes or not. The strong superstructure of its plot is upheld by the art of Shakespeare. As Joseph Papp discovered back in the 1950s in Central Park Shakespeare's plots can be adapted to the manners and customs of the present. And so the classic tales of cross-dressing and other mischief found in such lighthearted comedies such as Twelfth Night and A Midsummer Night's Eve and As You Like It are used to good effect in this film. All the young actors and actresses do a good job of advancing the plot with their blocking and dialog and costumes. And the idea of a soccer game to bring things to a climax reminds me of Bend It Like Beckham another charming coming of age movie.
critique4971 Such a film of beauty that it's hard to describe. Maybe it's the absence of superfluous dialogue or maybe it's the absolutely stellar soundtrack or maybe it's just Meena Mumari's feet but it's a joy to watch this movie again and again. I've never seen another Indian movie that comes close to it and few from any country rival its perfection.
critique4972 The saving grace of this film is its humour. Playing up to the strengths of their star Warner Brothers cast their version of General Custer as a cocky dashing irreverent prankster with a romantic streak and an unexpected strain of idealism; it was Robin Hood all over again and Flynn blossomed in the role. All his best action pictures made use of his talent for mischief and comic timing and this one was no exception.<br /><br />It also benefits from the return of former co-star Olivia de Havilland despite an earlier agreement to break the partnership; the part of strong-minded Libby Custer is a better role than the sweet love-interest types she had grown tired of playing for the studio in Flynn's later films and after seeing the script he had specifically requested de Havilland be cast so that she could do justice to the part. In this final collaboration she piles all her considerable acting skill into what is at heart basically a romping adventure movie and the screen chemistry is rekindled -- for once she and Flynn get the chance to develop their characters beyond the initial romance into an old married couple to equally winning effect.<br /><br />The Flynn/de Havilland pairing and the streak of comedy are what have provided this film's durability when most of Flynn's other Westerns -- held in such affection by the contemporary American public although allegedly not by their star -- have long since been forgotten. The action scenes are fairly cursory (despite ironically the death of an extra in a fall during one of the filmed charges) and the villains of the piece turn out schoolboy-fashion to be the same people who were horrid to Our Hero on his very first day at West Point and thus continue to frustrate him throughout his career. It cuts down on the cast list but it's a trifle too morally convenient.<br /><br />However these are quibbles largely irrelevant to a film that never set out to be more than a rousing piece of entertainment. Ably aided and abetted by a sterling group of supporting players (memorably including Anthony Quinn in an all-but-wordless role as the Sioux leader) Errol Flynn gallops his way through the plot courtesy of his usual arsenal: charmingly sheepish looks unexpected sweetness mischievous twinkles flash-point indignation cheerful fellowship and sheer high-octane charisma. He's a reckless braggart but you can't help but like him. And it's hard to go away without the tune of "Garryowen" threading its jaunty way through your ears for many days thereafter.<br /><br />This is one of Flynn's lasting hits; it also contains a surprising amount of good acting amongst the fun and is a film worthy of being remembered.
critique4973 I read the other comments here about this movie before watching it. If you've read them you will know that they are almost all negative. I really don't understand that. I admit that it is far too long (it needs about a half hour cut out to speed it up a bit). The music is often inappropriate. But strong performances by Ford and Thomas are indeed enough to carry this. With all his fame as a movie star I'd forgotten that Harrison Ford really can act! This role as a man who has defined himself based upon a lie is remarkable. I find it completely believable that he wants all the details he can get so he can see what was real and what was deception. Thomas is always wonderful and this is no exception. Her initial denial which leads to confusion and then to inner calm is tremendous. This movie is never going to be on anybody's list of great flicks but it isn't that bad. I'm glad that I waited to see it on video but it is worth the $3 or $4.
critique4974 This is an early one from the boys but some people may not be satisfied with this one like all the others. I found it to be different somehow than the your average Stooge slapstick. It was more funny for it's jokes rather than the poke in the eye or slap. Watch for a hilarious part when Larry grabs the stethoscope from Moe and sings into it. Moe gives him a good smack. That part made me crack up for a good ten minutes. Another hit for the Stooges.
critique4975 As with so many modern US films there has to be a supernatural element to the plot but if you just let that go this is a tale with heaps of charm and a kindly heart cased in a crab shell.<br /><br />We are presented with a scene of a town in an economically depressed area struggling to find anything to be happy about. Beau Bridges' character is really up against it with a family on the increase a nil bank balance and a brother-in-law who's sold out to a big business chain which he secretly hates but in which he is willing to rub Beau's nose. D'Onofrio finds his rather surface Bubba lifestyle cramped by having to look after his 'blessed' baby brother Joey and is itching to escape the shackles of this dead hick town. Their boss's business is closing down (much against his will) because of a lack of new customers and he is haunted by memories of his father as he builds up the tension towards his own attempt at self-destruction.<br /><br />Joey who had seemed to personify the curse on their lives is lost at sea - believed drowned - in a freak accident. His miraculous restoration to them by the Portuguese trawlermen whose boat they had just built and launched (perhaps symbolic of an angelic crew) is the sign they've been waiting for and they all decide to give life one last throw of the dice.<br /><br />There is a beautiful brooding mood throughout this work which excelled in holding our attention as brilliantly as 'The Shipping News'. There are other parallels with the later work too which lead one to suspect a touch of a remake. I like 'Signs of Life' for its simpler less contrived story and star performances from actors working at their craft rather than to be noticed as stars.
critique4976 I saw this movie at a college film festival back in the 70's - I have been waiting FOREVER for this movie to come out on video (finally it's out). It was made in Brazil so I assumed that was why it hadn't made it to video yet. I have been checking video stores for the past 15 years waiting for this outstanding movie to come out! It is one of my all-time favorites - but be warned it is weird like Werner Herzog weird - its weirdness stems from its super-realism.<br /><br />The movie is based on a true incident back a few centuries ago in pre-colonial times when Europeans were first encountering the tribes in the Amazon. A white man is mistaken by a savage tribe of cannibals as their enemy so they intend to kill him. Before they dispatch him though they make him part of their tribe (their custom). The entire movie is like watching a National Geographic documentary as he becomes an accepted member of their tribe. That's it. Cosmic plotline? No. Intense insight into the variety of human life? Definitely.<br /><br />Oh yeah... be warned... this film has definite nudity - this is not some Hollywood schlock flick about noble savages... this film tells it like it was (re-read above: National Geographic super-realism)<br /><br />
critique4977 Magicians is a wonderful ride from start to finish thanks in large part to the magic that is generated by the stars. Alan Arkin is fantastic in one of his best roles in decades. Like any really fine film it's a journey in which the theme is redemption and the results of dreaming. I can't believe this film is SO difficult to find -- I'd buy it on DVD in a heartbeat but have yet to find an outlet.
critique4978 I was going through a list of Oscar winners and was surprised to see that this film beat Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid for best picture in 1969. After actually seeing it however I'm not surprised anymore. It was way ahead of its time in regards to its style cinematography and use of flashback to help develop Joe Buck's character.<br /><br />The most amazing thing to me is the depth of Joe Buck's character in such a short movie. I think Voight captured the naivete and the viciousness-when-provoked. The two scenes that really caught me were after he gets the blowjob in the theater and when the older man solicits him. I think when he looks in the mirror he's trying to see if it's really him that has done- or is about to do- something terrible.<br /><br />I think it was a brilliant decision by Hoffman to take this role. Otherwise he may have been typecast after the Graduate. Anyway this considered an all-time great for a reason.
critique4979 My one-line summary hints that this is not a good film but this is not true. I did enjoy the movie but was probably expecting too much.<br /><br />Adele who is solidly portrayed by Susan Sarandon did not come off as a very likable character. She is flighty and irresponsible to what would be an unforgivable degree were it not for the tremendous love she has for her daughter. This is the one thing she knows how to do without fail. Adele's daughter Anna is a sad girl who is so busy making up for her mother's shortcomings that she does not seem to be only 14-17 years old. This of course makes Natalie Portman the perfect choice to play Anna since she never seems to be 14- 17 years old either. Portman pulls this role off with such ease that you almost forget that she has not been making movies for 20 years. Yet even with the two solid leads Wayne Wang never seems to quite draw the audience in as he did with The Joy Luck Luck and even more so with Smoke. Though I have not read the book the film feels as if it has made necessary changes to the story to bring it to the big screen changes which may drain the emotional pungency of the story. I enjoyed the film for the fun of watching two wonderful actresses do their work but I never got lost in the experience and I never related to their plight.
critique4980 Pecker is another mainstream film by John Waters done on a smaller than Serial Mom. The title character of Pecker has a hobby of taking pictures of anything he sees. It doesn't matter if it's dirty or shocking when he takes pictures. He soon uses the pictures he taken and puts them on display at his work. Pecker live in a semi-normal middle-class family. His dad works at a drinking bar with a claw machine but doesn't make enough money with a lesbian stripper bar across the street. His mom runs a thrift shop and loves to dress-up poor people. His older sister Tina works at a gay bar where her specialty is trade. His younger Little Chrissy has a habit of eating sugar sugar and nothing but sugary food. His grandmother Memama has a small statue of the Virgin Mary and plays ventriloquist with it. He also has 2 friends. On of his friends Matt is a chronic shoplifter and his girlfriend Shelley runs a laundry mat as if she was a dictator. Soon a tourist from New York buys his pictures and displays them at an art gallery. With the picture comes fame but the pictures expose the unusual life style of his friends and family's simple life. For an R-rated film Pecker is sure tamer than most of Waters previous R-rated films and even Pink Flamingos. Another 10 out of 10!
critique4981 Despite some reviews being distinctly Luke-warm I found the story totally engrossing and even if some critics have described the love story as 'Mills and Boon' so what? It is good to see a warm touching story of real love in these cynical times. Many in the audience were sniffing and surreptitiously dabbing their eyes. You really believe that the young Victoria and Albert are passionately fond of each other even though for political reasons it was an arranged marriage. I did feel though that Sir John Conroy who was desperate to control the young Queen is perhaps played too like a pantomime villain. As it is rumoured that he was in fact the real father of Victoria (as a result of an affair with her mother The Duchess of Kent) it would have been interesting to explore this theory. Emily Blunt is totally convincing as the young Princess trapped in the stifling palace with courtiers and politicians out to manipulate her. She brilliantly portrays the strength of character and determination that eventually made Victoria a great Queen of England which prospered as never before under her long reign. I believe word of mouth recommendations will ensure great success for this most enjoyable and wonderful looking movie.
critique4982 Wow! I have seen so many bad low budget films lately but this one is great. The very realistic portrayal of police life in a city on the East German coast is a strong contrast to other crime movies or series. I loved the main actress and the absolute rejection of any prevalent clichÃƒÂ© about the police. This film is realistic like a documentation and entertaining like a drama at the same time. A perfect tradeoff!
critique4983 I really thought they did an *excellent* job there was nothing wrong with it at all I don't know how the first commenter could have said it was terrible it moved me to tears (I guess it moved about everyone to tears) but I try not to cry in a movie because it's embarrassing but this one got me. It was SOOO good! I hope they release it on DVD because I will definitely buy a copy! I feel like it renewed my faith and gave me a hope that I can't explain it made me want to strive to be a better person they went through so much and we kind of take that for granted I guess. Compared to that I feel like our own trials are nothing. Well not nothing but they hardly match what they had to go through. I loved it. Who played Emma?!
critique4984 Man I never laugh so much this year and it's pretty hard to make me laugh. While I expected some Hostel-style movie the smile came to my face even from the beginning. This film-inside-film shows a female stabbed "victim" messing the whole set until she finally "die". Her overacting drive the director nuts and his funny reaction tell us the viewers that Mute Witness is not a typically horror movie.<br /><br />The main character the mute American make-up artist Billy Hughes is played by the beautiful yet talented Russian actress Marina Zudina. Her performance is top-notch; her character can't speak so the body language and the emotions on her face must compensate.And oh boy she did a wonderful job. Her sister (Fay Ripley) is the girlfriend or the fiancÃƒÂ©e or the wife of the "in-film director" (Evan Richards). They were both very funny most of the time. I won't spoil more but the scenes following the bathtub moment with them two the fake policemen and later the angry neighbor were plain brilliant black comedy.<br /><br />The plot get twisted near the end possibly misleading at one particular moment. But don't worry. Such a delicious movie can be viewed in family or with your boy-/girl-/friend.
critique4985 The BBC'S Blue Planet is simply jaw-dropping. I don't think I'm exaggerating when I say it contains some of the most beautiful sequences ever captured on film. From familiar creatures on and near the surface of the ocean to some more unrecognisable and just plain bizarre ones in the murky depths next to nothing is left out. Weighing in at a hefty 8 hours some people may want to check out the edited highlights brought to you in the form of the film "Deep Blue" but I would heartily recommend you give the series a go. I don't think it will disappoint and if your kids enjoyed the aquatic world brought to them by Pixar's Finding Nemo I'm sure they will love this too. I just wish all television was this entertaining.
critique4986 Someone release this movie on DVD so it can take its hallowed place as on of the greatest films of all time in ten to twenty years when critics and film historians look back on the so-called films of the 1990's and see how vapid they were for the most part and how Lars Von Trier tried to revolutionize and revitalize the international film world with this masterpiece. As it stands "Zentropa" (or "Europa" as it is referred to outside the US) is one of the most fascinating and artistic views of the bleakness and almost psychotic uncertainty that oozed out of post WWII Europe namely the decimated German landscape whose physical horrors were matched only by the damage to the psyche of its people. Von Trier brilliantly paints his vision on screen. You will feel like you are watching some lost espionage noir classic from the late 1940's with the perfectly lighted black and white scenes while at the same time feel you are on the brink of something beyond the cutting edge especially in scenes like the assassination aboard the train. Literally when you see this movie you are witnessing the evolution of an art form. <br /><br />For some reason Von Trier got caught up in his own Dogma movement shortly after this. And while his "Breaking the Waves" and "Dancer in the Dark" are classics in their own right it is with "Zentropa" that he truly lifted the art of film making to new and exciting heights. 10/10 ages like a fine wine and begs for a DVD release.
critique4987 Those of you who know the group dEUS know the lead singer Tom Barman. He directed this movie a bit like he creates music it's a mix of everything. This is a comedy though mostly absurd and cynical a drama none of the main characters have a happy life to say the least and it does not really have a goal.<br /><br />The movie starts on a friday morning in Antwerp Belgium with scenes of several persons some of them have nothing in common but they will come in contact with each other during the day and night. There are several main characters: a teacher who writes books nobody reads a young researcher with a morbid taste of death and his sister a gallery owner two young men constantly in touch with the law a man who works in a movie theater and two young women. Throughout the movie there walks a man who has something to do with wind. All characters have their troubles with their family or friends or just with life itself.<br /><br />The movie is set in Antwerp and shows several beautiful shots of the city and the port. The events of the day are not easily explained I advise to simply watch the movie there is simply too much to tell. But I can say this Barman has an excellent use of the camera and uses a lot of music (mostly dance music not really rock) to set a mood especially the party is filled with excellent music.<br /><br />This movie is an experience on itself it will not leave you any wiser about life perhaps only that you have to live it and not waste it or have any false moral truths.<br /><br />In short see it it is definitely worth it!
critique4988 Jack Webb is riveting as a Marine Corp drill instructor in the D.I.. Webb play Sgt.Jim Moore a tough but fair Marine whose job it is to prepare young teens for possible combat. No one could have played this role any better that Jack Webb. As a former MarineI can assure that this is the most accurate film dealing with basic training in the Corp. Extremely entertaining!
critique4989 In 1958 Clarksberg was a famous speed trap town. Much revenue was generated by the Sheriff's Department catching speeders. The ones who tried to outrun the Sheriff? Well that gave the Sheriff a chance to push them off the Clarksberg Curve with his Plymouth cruiser. For example in the beginning of the movie a couple of servicemen on leave trying to get back to base on time are pushed off to their deaths if I recall correctly. Then one day a stranger drove into town. Possibly the coolest hot rodder in the world. Michael McCord. Even his name is a car name as in McCord gaskets. In possibly the ultimate hot rod. A black flamed '34 Ford coupe. The colors of death evil and hellfire. He gets picked up for speeding by the Sheriff on purpose. He checks out the lay of the land. He is the brother of one of the Sheriff's victims. He knows how his brother died. The Clarksberg government is all in favor of the Sheriff. There's only one way to get justice served for the killing of his brother and to fix things so "this ain't a-ever gonna happen again to anyone": recreate the chase and settle the contest hot-rodder style to the death. He goes out to the Curve and practices. The Sheriff knows McCord knows. The race begins... This is a movie to be remembered by anyone who ever tried to master maneuvering on a certain stretch of road.
critique4990 An Eko-centric episode the "?" explores the aftermath of the tragic events that rocked the castaways in the previous one. As the main characters John Locke Sawyer Kate and Hurley come to terms with the incident in the hatch Locke and Eko set out to find out where Henry took off to. As it turns out Eko is on a mission of his own trying to figure out the symbol ? which Locke had drawn on his sketch. We see flashes of Eko's life in Sydney as a priest who comes in contact with his brother through a stranger. We also witness the tragedy that struck the hatch boil down to a room temperature as Michael continues to remain a mystery.<br /><br />An excellent LOST episode with many interesting turns.
critique4991 I'm not sure if this is some kind of masterpiece or just sleazy fluff elevated by the performances and visuals. Whatever the case I'm sure I loved it. From the wonderfully twisted lurid intertwining stories to the deliciously sinister performances from Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone to the vivid gaudy colour with which it's all captured this is high-class trash and it's great fun. Not to mention the amusingly sly and thinly veiled sexual subtexts which permeate the entire film always threatening to escape from the image into the dialogue but never doing so. I'd be lying if I said that the film's sheer entertainment value didn't contribute to my love for it but there's some sort of bizarre artistry behind the unintentional (or was it?) comedy and I really really dug that. I could really get into this melodrama stuff.
critique4992 I'm sitting around going through movie listings and not really seeing anything I want to see. My appetite keeps saying "Something like BROADCAST NEWS." That's what I want. Something smart and funny with adult ideas and great acting and writing and a directorial style that doesn't call attention to itself. This may well be Hurt's best performance (is this or THE BIG CHILL to my mind): however eccentric Hurt is smart and to play an unintelligent person without making sure -- wink wink -- the audience knows -- wink wink -- hey I'M not stupid... well that's fine acting right there. Hunter is note-perfect and Albert Brooks is a revelation. (And he can read and sing at the same time!) Great great work.<br /><br />
critique4993 Kate Beckinsale is as good if not better than Gwyneth Paltrow as Emma in this movie although I really liked Gwyneth Paltrow in the other Emma version. They're both good in different ways. Kate Beckinsale as Emma seems more interesting almost though. And I liked the woman who played Harriet Smith in this movie better too...she was more believably sweet and sentimental. There are certain things I like better about the Gwyneth Paltrow version though like how the humorous side is more apparent.
critique4994 How many movies are there that you can think of when you see a movie like this? I can't count them but it sure seemed like the movie makers were trying to give me a hint. I was reminded so often of other movies it became a big distraction. One of the borrowed memorable lines came from a movie from 2003 - Day After Tomorrow. One line by itself is not so bad but this movie borrows so much from so many movies it becomes a bad risk.<br /><br />BUT...<br /><br />See The Movie! Despite its downfalls there is enough to make it interesting and maybe make it appear clever. While borrowing so much from other movies it never goes overboard. In fact you'll probably find yourself battening down the hatches and riding the storm out. Why? ...Costner and Kutcher played their characters very well. I have never been a fan of Kutcher's and I nearly gave up on him in The Guardian but he surfaced in good fashion. Costner carries the movie swimmingly with the best of Costner's ability. I don't think Mrs. Robinson had anything to do with his success.<br /><br />The supporting cast all around played their parts well. I had no problem with any of them in the end. But some of these characters were used too much.<br /><br />From here on out I can only nit-pick so I will save you the wear and tear. Enjoy the movie the parts that work work well enough to keep your head above water. Just don't expect a smooth ride.<br /><br />7 of 10 but almost a 6.
critique4995 I really like this film... when I started to watch it I thought I would get bored pretty soon but it surprised me... I thought it was a great film and have seen it a few times now. The characters are believable and I have to say that I fell in love with Brian Austin Green all over again (the first time being Beverly Hills 90210). I would recommend this film if you are a fan of his but I do agree with another comment made earlier that the ending is sort of disappointing. I would have loved it to turn out a little different! Never mind though good gripping story.
critique4996 There is absolutely no doubt that this version of Tarzan is the closest to Burroughs' vision. While he gladly collected his royalties from the films produced during his lifetime he frequently made it clear that they were little more than the bastard children of his tales. The film studios' ludicrous obsession with casting Olympic swimmers as Tarzan was beyond laughable. I guess we should consider ourselves lucky that they did not set their sights on shot-putters. <br /><br />Prior to this film the most faithful adaptations were in comic strips and comic books. As fine as some of these were we had to wait seven decades for a filmmaker with the integrity to respect the character as he had been created.
critique4997 In one of her first movies Romy Schneider shines as young queen Victoria of Britain as she is suddenly put into the throne at the age of 18 learns to govern despite the machinations of the politicians and eventually romances and marries Prince Albert of Saxony. Kitschy and campy (though surprisingly faithful to the real events) this romantic piece is irresistible. Seeing this movie about British royals spoken in German adds to its quaint charm. On that front one wonders why an Austrian movie was made about an English queen; but then one remembers that in 1954 Austria was still under occupation by allied troops including British ones. Maybe this was one of the reasons for the existence of this film.
critique4998 20 out of 10 This is a truly wonderful story about a wartime evacuee and a curmudgeonly carpenter Tom Oakley. The boy (William Beech) is billeted with Tom and it is immediately apparent that he has serious issues when he wets his bed on the first night. William is illiterate and frightened but somehow the two find solace in each others loneliness. It transpires that William has a talent as an artist and we see Tom's talent as a choirmaster in an amusing rendition of Jerusalem. William is befriended by Zacharias Wrench a young Jewish lad also from London and along with both Tom and Zacharias he finally learns to read and write and to feel a part of this small close knit community. Just as he is settling down William is recalled back to London by his mother and it is here we see why he is so screwed up. His mother is clearly mentally sick and when Tom doesn't hear from William he travels to London to look for him. He finally finds him holding his dead baby sister where he has been tied up in a cellar. After a period in hospital Tom realises he must kidnap him and take him home with him. The climax is a bitter-sweet ending when William is told he is to be adopted by Tom while at the same time learning his best friend Zacharias has been killed in an air raid in London. For me one of the most moving scenes was when Tom was talking to a official from the Home Office.<br /><br />I love 'im an' for what it's worth I think he loves me too'.<br /><br />It just doesn't get better that that does it?
critique4999 There is so much that can be said about this film. It is not your typical nunsploitation. Of course there is nudity and sex with nuns but that is almost incidental to the story.<br /><br />It is set in 15th Century Italy at the time of the martyrdom of 800 Christians at Otranto. The battle between the Muslims and the Christians takes up a good part of the film. It was interesting when everyone was running from the Muslim hoards that the mother superior would ask "Why do you fear the Muslims; they will not do anything that the Christians have done to you?" Certainly there was enough torture on both sides.<br /><br />Sister Flavia (Florinda Bolkan) is sent to a convent for defying her father. In the process she witnesses and endures many things: the gelding of a stallion the rape of a local woman by a new Duke the torture of a nun who was overcome during a visit by the Tarantula Sect and a whipping herself when she ran off with a Jew. The torture was particularly gruesome with hot wax being poured on the nun and her nipples cut off.<br /><br />Sister Flavia is bound to continue to get into trouble as she questions the male-dominated society in which she lives. She even asks Jesus why the father son and holy ghost are all men.<br /><br />Eventually she joins the leader of the Muslims as his lover and they sack the convent. Here is where you see more flesh than you can possible enjoy at one time. But tragedy is to come. She manages to exact sweet revenge on all including the Duke and her father but finds that the Muslim lover treats her exactly the same. She is a woman and that is all there is to it.<br /><br />I won't describe what the holy men of the church did to this heretic at the end but it predates the torture of Saw or Hostel by decades.<br /><br />Nunsploitation fans will be satisfied with the treats but movie lovers will find plenty of meat to digest.
critique5000 I had always heard about this great mini-series but viewed it for the first time this week July of 2007. I can see why it started the careers of so many young actors. The story is intriguing and gives wonderful insights into the period before and during the Civil War. I cared about the characters and how their lives evolved during this period. Some of them were stereotypes but they still helped me see how people thought during the 1800's. Many historical facts were thrown into the story and it was interesting to see history books come to life. The costumes and sets were gorgeous! I thoroughly enjoyed watching both parts I and II. Part III is a disappointment.
critique5001 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5002 By-the-numbers Oscar-hungry biopic about the late great singer Ray Charles. There is one -- exactly one -- great scene in *Ray*. It occurs during a flashback to Charles' youth after the boy become completely blind. Running into the sharecropper house which he shares with his mother he trips over a chair and sprawls on the floor. He cries out for his mother; she in keeping with her philosophy that a person should "stand on their own two feet" observes silently and pensively from the kitchen waiting to see if the boy can fall back on his own resources. The boy proves to be up to the challenge using his ears and memory to locate a kettle on a stove a nearby fire-pit the grass blowing in the wind outside of a window the scuttling of a cricket across the plank-board floor.<br /><br />The movie pauses here; it expands; it breathes -- even if for only 40 seconds. The scene is a much-needed respite from Taylor Hackford's otherwise noisy film. By "noisy" I'm not referring to the music which is of course excellent. I AM referring to the sound effects (big BOOMS! preceding yet another flashback) and the inane dialog ("I'm speaking to you as a FRIEND Ray" etc.). On the visual side Hackford is equally and pointlessly flashy: sepia-colored filters over the camera lenses during the flashbacks; whirling-dervish 360s from the camera-crane etc. etc. All the modern amenities. What a horrible cinematic style is displayed in *Ray*! -- a style all-too-common in wanna-be "important" movies from the past decade or so (Scorsese's *Aviator* is stylistically very similar to this movie). These gimmicks are employed to obfuscate the clichÃƒÂ©-ridden screenplay. Some of us won't be fooled.<br /><br />Some of us also are not quite prepared to accept Jamie Foxx's performance as anything more than superb mimicry. Granted Foxx eerily resembles Ray Charles: he walks like Charles talks like Charles and even twitches like Charles. Foxx's imitation of the singer during live performance is technically perfect. I'm not begrudging Mr. Foxx his Oscar; he deserved it. (It was a pretty weak field this year anyway.) But one wonders if Foxx really UNDERSTANDS Charles. The actor does achieve one great moment when he insists on trying out the smack that his band-mates are shooting up: he registers if only for a brief moment a disgust at the unfairness of being blind and a life of darkness. The movie seems to want to dramatize the struggle within Charles between the bright salvation of music and the oblivion of heroin with his blindness as the battleground between those two compulsions. But the damn movie just won't take the time: it bounces along from triumph to triumph never really pausing for any insight into the man. One has to STRETCH to find the dramatic tension; one must supply the drama FOR the movie. One must in other words imagine a better movie than this one.<br /><br />In its rush toward a glorious conclusion *Ray* introduces then dodges several excellent ideas for a movie: his early days on the "Chitlin Circuit"; his bold musical innovations for the Atlantic label; the problem of his addiction to heroin; the inevitable artistic compromises attendant upon overwhelming success; the man's importance to the Civil Rights struggle (touched on in the movie for oh about 3 minutes of screen-time) and much more. The filmmakers are too lazy to focus on any one of these elements. Two-and-a-half hours of watching a man overcome one adversity after another may make us feel good but such a movie is not necessarily a grand work of art. This sort of approach certainly provides no deeper insight into the film's subject -- and shouldn't insight be the real goal of a movie like this? If I had wanted a laundry-list of Ray Charles' accomplishments I'd have simply Googled him.<br /><br />3 stars out of 10 -- the extra 2 stars strictly for the music.
critique5003 OK. I think the TV show is kind of cute and it always has some kind of lesson involved. So when my kids decided they wanted to see this movie I decided to tag along. I wish I'd stayed home and watched the TV show instead.<br /><br />The fact that the humor is silly and unoriginal is the least of the problems with this movie. The plot is next to non-existant the characters seem to exist in a vacuum and worst of all Gadget does not carry any lesson whatsoever. It appears that Disney took all of the things that make Inspector Gadget work on TV and tossed them all. To be fair my younger child (8 years old) liked the movie but the older one (10 years old) came away thinking it silly (he was too old for the youth humor but too young for any of the adult humor).<br /><br />Generally I like Disney films but this one misses by a mile. It is OK for a very narrow age band (say 7 to 9) but a must miss for everybody else.
critique5004 Nat (voiced by Trevor Gagnon) along with his brainiac friend "IQ" (voiced by Philip Bolden) and the always hungry "Scooter" (David Gore) are kids with big dreams. They want to be the first flies in space. And what encourages their dreams is the first spacecraft to land on the moon the Apollo 11 is waiting for its historic trip on the launch pad near where the three hang out.<br /><br />The first thing you notice is the animation of the film. I found it done very well done. The scenery had depth to it as things in the distance actually looked like they were behind the focus of the scenes. I didn't see the movie in 3-D as it was broadcast on HBO. However I could see that there really wasn't any scenes which took advantage of the 3-D effects except a fight between characters near the end. I also wasn't really impressed with the design of the characters. To me they didn't look like anything resembling a fly especially in the coloring. The flies were an unusual blue-gray that was kind of distracting to me.<br /><br />The performances from the cast was not bad but it wasn't good either. There were many times I focused more on my computer than the story. The writing was certainly written for a younger audience with comedic moments that will make younger kids laugh. I saw nothing for adults like jokes that they'll get the punchline for the adults to understand the meaning.<br /><br />History was not followed in this film. In fact I think it was completely ignored as the main focus was the flies. I also hated when a well known astronaut popped up on the screen and explained that the stories about the flies in the film was a work of fiction and no flies were on Apollo 11. I did like how he thanked the men and women who sacrificed their lives for space exploration though.<br /><br />If you are an adult this is not for you. It was not made for the entire family. This is certainly just for kids. But save this one for a rainy day.
critique5005 Too bad neither the animals or Eddie Murphy had anything to say worth saying. this movie is just bland.<br /><br />Children's movie? Well if you're trying to get them to take a nap then maybe. It's just 90 minutes of some eye-wrenchingly poor animal lip animation to quips that aren't funny. And the lip-sync'ing makes the old Godzilla films look brilliantly done by comparison. Meanwhile Eddie "Pluto Nash" Murphy drones on with a suppressed understated delivery that is painful to experience. Apparently he's trying to modify his old manic persona but to what? In short all the magic and wonder of the 1967 original version is lost in this re-imagining or whatever it is. A town wants to bully some forest creatures and blame them for doing bad stuff. No really. And Pluto Nash can psycho-babble with them. Things chain along with some stale jokes to a dull uninspired conclusion with no surprises.<br /><br />Rent the '67 movie. Or some old Yogi Bear cartoons.
critique5006 I love cheesy horror flicks. I don't care if the acting is sub-par or whether the monsters look corny. I liked this movie except for the bewildered feeling all the way from the beginning of the film to the very end. Look I don't need a 10 page dissertation or a sign with big letters explaining a plot to me. But Dark Floors takes the "what is this movie about?" thing to a whole new (annoying) level. What IS this movie about?<br /><br />This isn't exceptionally scary or thrilling but if you have an hour and a half to kill and/or you want to end up feeling frustrated and confused rent this winner.
critique5007 This movie is maybe one of the most boring movies of 2000 that I have seen! Especially the music fails to create suspense when people suddenly disappear. Also aspects such as martial law are not treated with the necessary seriousness. The story itself has problems: the UN could never take power over the world since the United States alone would not allow it but nations such as China Russia Japan etc. would not either. This would also play against someone trying to take over the world as Nicolae Carpathia does. This reminds me of James Bond movies only that those have more action! Naturally the movie is made for Christians and only for Christians and they may enjoy it. Since I cannot count myself a Christian I find the whole idea ludicrous. This prophecy furthermore seems to be if believed to be true dangerously close to other prophecies by cults for the end of the world. Why fear such a possibility when we can make life as good as possible here on Earth without
critique5008 I speak badly of G.I.J.:T.M. mostly because I think it lacked something that G.I. Joe had. Yes It had something that G.I. Joe didn't have like celebrity cameos by Don Johnson and Burgess Meredith but I think G.I. Joe: The Movie lacked the passion for the characters that the G.I. Joe TV series had. Most of the voice over artists really sounded like they were dead pan and they were going to die at anytime now. It's a good movie but I wouldn't say that it was the greatest movie in the world I.M.H.O. :)<br /><br />Although violence is what G.I. Joe was built on I'd say that Serpentor striking Duke in his chest wasn't the very best way for Charlie Adler's character to go out. Neither was seeing Golobulus remind Cobra Commander why he was chosen to lead the Cobra forces and then being horribly mutated after he failed to deliver what Cobra-La felt was rightfully theirs.<br /><br />It wasn't the best way for the G.I. Joe series to go out but it's better than nothing. :)
critique5009 After watching KHAKEE i felt i'll get to watch another good film but sadly The film is a joke and actually trying hard to introduce Aryeman Afterall his father Keshu is the producer<br /><br />RKS spoke so highly about the film during promotions saying the film has meat unlike films released that time I wonder which films was he talking about<br /><br />The film is actually a typical Masala film with loads of comedy romance action everything jumbled<br /><br />The ease at which the kids kidnap the family is one of the funniest parts ever Imagine kids kidnapping Dawood's family<br /><br />The end is a complete jumble mumble with sudden change of characterization<br /><br />RKS gives his weakest film till date except some Bachchan scenes the film is a bore<br /><br />Music is boring<br /><br />Amitabh tries to give the role his all he does his part well though not his best though he contorts his face too much when pulling a trigger and does a weird look while smoking the cigar His dubbing too isn't matched properly at times<br /><br />Akshay is there for some minutes and just repeats his act and hams<br /><br />Aryeman seems expressionless tries too hard but overdoes it in some scenes<br /><br />Bhumika emerges the best of the lot<br /><br />The rest are okay
critique5010 What garbage is there actually no part II? If this movie actually ends the way it did everyone involved with this movie should be ashamed. This movie is nothing close to a movie like Outbreak which was actually a fairly decent movie. This movie was rushed in hopes of being able to gain a few easy dollars. I started watching the movie under the assumption that it would be bad but I never imagined it would be this bad. This movie was nothing more then a way to exploit the fears of the American people for profit! If you have not seen this movie don't bother. Movie is full of poorly developed characters and poor acting. I really hope the production of this movie was only a couple of weeks. Stay away! Don't be fooled by the hype!
critique5011 This was one of Christie's later stories. Throughout her long career she was interested in the shifting narrative and the notion of conflicting agents. Both are essentially the same thing and boil down to questions of who it is that controls or creates the situation.<br /><br />In detective fiction the game is a matter of conflicting realities. The murderer intends to change reality to fool the detective the writer intends to do the same to the reader. Both the reader and the detective are in similar battles to create what they see. That's why her stories often include a writer.<br /><br />In her works she explores every combination of tricks she can think of that deal with this. Along the way we often have bodies that are not who they seem and times and intended victims and such. But the real magic of the books is this notion of control. In 'Bertram's' it was literally a building.<br /><br />Here it is a dead man. Well sometimes that happens but not like this. It is as if the writer were the famous Mr. Rafiel. This is particularly sweet to Marple readers who remember this same character from the 'Carribean Mystery' which in a way was also framed by her nephew. In that story Rafiel was the conveyor of the story to the authorities.<br /><br />The producers of this series have an almost wacky commitment to using a different creative team on each one. Sometimes it produces bland work. The 'Bertram's' episode was rather brilliantly staged. This one is the most lavish of the lot and has an active camera. But unlike the 'Bertram's' work it has nothing to do with the story.<br /><br />The camera moves and captures merely because it can. The 'Citizen Kane' quote at the beginning was a little too literal and blunt. This story is good but the adapter took out some pretty critical stuff and that irrelevant camera annoys.<br /><br />Ted's Evaluation -- 2 of 3: Has some interesting elements.
critique5012 I read all of the other comments which made this movie out to be an excellent movie. I saw nothing of the excellence that was stated. I thought it was long and boring. I tried twice to watch it. The first time I fell asleep and the second time I made it to within six minutes of the end and gave up. I suppose that it was mainly my fault going in with great expectation but I don't think that this would have completely ruined the movie for me. The movie was just bland. It had nothing that was spectacular or unique to it. The plot was not half bad the action sequences were non-existent the dialogue forced and the movie just went on forever. I would not recommend seeing this movie.
critique5013 When I checked out the review for this film after I'd watched it I was surprised that there were people giving it good ratings.<br /><br />This is a film of bad camera-work. Everything 'frightening' happens off screen usually accompanied with a closeup of someone yelling "Did you see/hear that?" Well no we didn't see that! We can't! And when there weren't any close-ups the camera was doing something weird like rotating upside down or shaking back and forth really really quickly to either convey action or to make us physically sick.<br /><br />The characters were unlikeable because every two minutes they started screaming the same thing over and over again. I don't care if that's what it would 'really' be like I did not rent a scary movie to see reasonable things! I expect unreasonable things like aliens demons or good acting! They were stupid too- Let's go have intimate relations in a cave! With all of our clothes on! Speaking of which the ending somewhat contradicts what Domingo said immediately before he died. This bugged me a bit though not nearly as much as the fact that the ending resulted in a... serious invasion of one girl's privacy.<br /><br />No plot no climax no good acting terrible camera-work. What's left? Oh right. The ending may have had a 'twist' but generally with horror movies the twist at the end actually has understandable relevance to what occurred during the film. Sixth Sense does- it explains a lot. Hide and Seek did too. But the Cavern had a lame twist that served as an 'explanation' if you could call it that as it doesn't. Explain. Anything.<br /><br />Don't see it. Please.
critique5014 In a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody with a scythe. His girlfriend Beth (Dorie Barton) discovers him and tries to commit suicide. She's institutionalized. A year later she's out has a new boyfriend named Hank (Joseph Lawrence) and is about to spend Spring Break with Hank and four other mindless friends in a BIG beautiful condo in Florida. Naturally the killer pops up (for no reason) and starts killing again.<br /><br />Lousy slasher thriller--a textbook example of how NOT to do a low-budget horror movie. For starters large portions of this film are ENDLESS filler of these six idiots videotaping themselves having "fun" (more fun than the audience) getting drunk acting stupid etc etc. Also there is NO nudity in here at all. I'm not saying a horror film needs nudity but ANYTHING to liven this up would have helped. None of the deaths are really shown (you hear them) are only a little bloody and there is no gore. There's one REAL gruesome one--but that's not till the end.<br /><br />With a few exceptions the acting sucks. Dorie Barton is dreadful as the main woman and Tom Jay Jones is lousy as Oz. Chad Allen pops up as Brad and he's TERRIBLE. Lawrence is actually very good--handsome and hunky and giving this crap his all. And Jeff Conaway pops up in a small role doing a pretty good job.<br /><br />Logic lapses abound--after they realize a friend has been killed two of the girls casually talk about sex; Baston's non reaction to seeing a friend getting killed is kind of funny and WHAT happens to Lawrence? His character disappears without a trace at the end! Dull stupid no gore no nudity--skip this one.
critique5015 The only way we survived this stinker was by continually making fun of its stupidity. Funny thing is none of the audience around us seemed to mind--we all joined in.<br /><br />This movie is soooo bad its only potential is to become a midnight cult movie that people can invent lines and throw popcorn at.
critique5016 Thankfully I watched this film alone enabling me to fast-forward through the worst scenes (aka most of the film actually). OK some of it is not all bad with partially good photography (even some of the under water scenes) and at times not too bad directing. But it still doesn't save the incredibly poor script and way worse acting. Additionally when I don't find the movies "hottie" to be all that even the wannabe-sexy love making scenes get dull. Really dull! And for the drama: You know it's always a bad sign when you get to dislike all of the characters so much you really don't care who lives and who dies.<br /><br />If you still haven't gotten tired of the reality series Survivor you may find something to your liking in this movie. If not stay well clear!
critique5017 Take young pretty people put them in an exotic locale stick in a few bad guys have the two lead characters find romance after a couple of heavy breathing scenes create the flimsiest of plots then work out a happy ending for everybody (other than the three or four who get murdered of course) That's the classic (and successful) format of the Harlequin Romance. It's not very good but then it's not very bad either like most of the little yellow pocket books. And the location stuff in Budapest is especially interesting even if they didn't use the wonderful old train station (designed by Gustave Eifel) or show the city's famous thermal baths.
critique5018 I find myself wondering what the people who gave this a 10 saw in it that I didn't. This movie has a VERY hard time following and/or staying to a plot. If someone tells you it's a comedy don't be fooled it's about 98% percent odd-drama and 2% comedy. All actors turn in a great performance that cannot be denied however it seems like it really lost something somewhere. Don't know if the original script was good and it had to be edited down or what. This had potential and instead it was really a flop. I would really like the hour and a half I invested in this movie back but the video rental place doesn't do returns on time. Save your money and see something else.
critique5019 I'm glad I rented this movie for one reason: its shortcomings made me want to read Allende's book and get the full story. <br /><br />Pros: the movie is beautiful the period is depicted well and consistently (to the best of my knowledge) and Meryl and Glenn do good jobs.<br /><br />Cons: This is the worst acting job I've ever seen from Jeremy Irons--I kept wondering if something was wrong with his mouth. (And I hate the terribly English way he says "Transito.") Winona Ryder does nothing believable except look young and idealistic. Most of the other performances are OK but so few things hang together in the character arcs and the relationship development that I was frustrated and angry well before the end. <br /><br />I'm very curious now whether this movie is typical of Bille August's work. I may have to drop another couple of bucks to rent Smilla's Sense of Snow.
critique5020 Bad editing bad production values bad continuity implausible bad dialogue... this movies is bad bad bad. However if you want a movie to poke fun at (a la MST3000) this is your movie. I wouldn't suggest spending much money on it but if you do see this movie make sure it's with plenty of witty like-minded buddies.
critique5021 This "remake" is a complete disgrace: so mediocre cheap and prosaic it wouldn't deserve more than a couple of spiteful lines.<br /><br />It's also a cheat with a laughable script served by such contrived and amateurish "acting" you're always aware there's a set a camera a fake no direction no suspended reality whatsoever to allow you delve into the story.<br /><br />The claustrophobic stifling tension of the small spaces and rooms in the original Japanese masterpieces (Ju-On 1 & 2) is all but lost here in overblown sets and spaces.<br /><br />But worst of all the moral enormity and unbearable suffering which both imparted a ruthless logic to the original mother and child victims turned into relentlessly vindictive ghouls is completely ruined by utter nonsense and hollow boogie-man style scares.<br /><br />If American audiences aren't willing to read subtitles and rise above the lowest common denominator preferring to swallow this kind of patronizing hogwash instead they fully deserve this pathetic curse: the movie itself.
critique5022 They call this film "euro trash horror". <br /><br />Well it's not horror. The film takes place in Europe so yes it's "euro". Trash? Ah yes it's trash all right.<br /><br />You know you're in for a great movie when right at the beginning the DVD gives you text on the screen apologizing for the quality of the print you're about to watch. Expect crackles odd jarring cuts and for the movie not to fit the screen. Plus there's the sound -- at first I thought I was watching a dubbed film. Then watching the lips carefully I realized that no it's that the sound quality is embarrassingly bad and out of synch.<br /><br />The plot itself is fairly goofy -- an old disfigured woman named Dr Bannister kills a scientist for his youth formula. I'm not giving much away because when you see the "old woman" it's pretty obvious she's under a layer of thick badly applied make-up. Anyone with a lick of sense seeing the fake old age knows what's coming next.<br /><br />Yes the "old crone" is miraculously transformed into a beautiful young woman -- complete with face make-up and a long wig of hair! Zounds!<br /><br />When I say the old woman is disfigured I mean she has cornflakes glued to her face. The film makes no attempt to explain how the cornflakes got there. For that matter there is no attempt to explain anything at all relating to any of the characters. They're never developed beyond the level of finger puppets. <br /><br />The two policemen pursuing our anti-heroine just wander about apparently baffled by the simplest clues. The murdered scientist was working on a youth serum the old woman has disappeared and we keep running into a young woman -- how do these pieces fit together?! What does it all mean?! One of the cops sweats a lot and pats his face with a cloth. The other smokes a pipe. That's pretty much all we get character-wise.<br /><br />Dr Bannister (the crone now a beauty) goes around wearing odd costumes and then taking them off so we can see her flesh. She has affairs with men. She gets in a catfight with a young woman in a nightgown. She goes to Geneva so we can see the lake there. She water- skis a bit then takes off her wet suit to reveal a strange bead-curtain bikini. She takes off her clothes again in a strange ninja costume striptease.<br /><br />The ending? Well without giving anything away it's just a bizarre tacked on conclusion that makes about as little sense as the rest of the picture. It's the sort of thing a writer comes up with when the director wakes him up at 4 AM and says "Quick! We need an ending for our movie! What happens next?"<br /><br />The writer mumbles something half awake and the director runs with it.<br /><br />What's good about this movie? Some of the music is campy and fun. That classic 60s organ music that's so corny it's enough to make you laugh out loud. There are some odd seduction scenes bizarre dialogue goofy moments. <br /><br />It's very close to being so bad it's good. I did manage to watch it from start to finish without gouging out my eyes or sobbing. I guess that's praise of sorts.'
critique5023 I don't have much to say about this movie. It could have been a wonderful tour-de-force for Peter Sellers but it is one of the most tragic misfires in movie history. That it was Sellers final movie makes it all the more painful.<br /><br />The terrible screenplay direction and shockingly wooden performances all come dreadfully together to make this one of the most unwatchably awful movies ever made.<br /><br />I wish so much that I could find even a snicker or a chuckle buried somewhere in this pile of putrid blubber but it's a lifeless humorless disaster. The truth hurts.<br /><br />Peter why couldn't you have stopped at BEING THERE?
critique5024 If it had not been for Christopher Guest's hilarious role I would have stopped watching this movie after 20 minutes. The jokes were flat the movie choppy and slow paced certain characters were obnoxious and painful to watch but Guest's character kept me laughing so I stuck with it.<br /><br />I do feel there are much better choices out there!
critique5025 This meandering tale of mob revenge is simply not very interesting even with Ed McMahon in a ripe role as the chief heavy. Jim Brown kicks ass effectively Gloria Hendry proves again that she can bring life to even the poorest roles and Brock Peters is decent as The Cop Who Plays By the Book. It's still dull and badly constructed and even the print shown on cable is now emasculated of its original James Brown score.
critique5026 *Warning: 1 tiny inconsequential spoiler* You're right. This was no Bridges of Madison County. As soon as the lonely woman and Richard Gere checked into the big empty hotel it was a foregone conclusion something kind of fun would happen. The question is: how will it come about? The answer is some stupid connect-the-dots story not worth sitting through. In one supposed bonding experience they get drunk and clean out the cupboard of old cans.(That was my spoiler.) And the next day they put them back. LOL It wasn't compelling AT ALL. I'm an old married lady like the one in the movie and MY friendships are more interesting than HER romance with Richard Gere. LOL . . . It did have that advantage. You walk away and go oh brother . . . even I could have written something more believable than that. I guess my life isn't quite as dull as I thought it was if I can scoff at a romance with Richard Gere. LOL! And that friend inherited that totally contemporary probably computer-generated mansion resting half in the ocean from her GRANDMOTHER who built it AFTER THE CIVIL WAR??? Maybe her grandmother is Oprah and this was WAY after the Civil War? And yes WHERE WAS THE EMAIL? What alternative universe do these people live in? I never want to see another movie that pretends we don't have email and facebookand texting. And OK maybe these people have a horrible aversion to delivering news over the phone but don't ask me to believe anyone in this age of instant communication that someone just drops into your life without calling first.
critique5027 I am wanting to make a "Holmes with Doors" pun but I can't quite string it all together. Suitably grubby and over edited WONDERLAND gives Kilmer a role that channels Morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! Australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about US cinema double standards: "kiss a breast and it's an X stab it and its an action PG 13"... WONDERLAND is 14 minutes too long too and at the end the tawdry spiral we were all glad to escape the cinema. How many films called WONDERLAND are we going to get? There must be six in the last decade. The pixilated violence and muted color sets the seedy tone but the wobble-cam gets tiresome as if we are gawking at their nostrils all the time. Taking a few cues form THE DOORS and TAXI DRIVER it all becomes forgettable the next day.
critique5028 Although I could sum this pathetic episode of Night gallery in two words those two words being "horse manure" I am obligated to write a minimum of ten lines. This is a very sophomoric episode not worthy of the standards of Rod Serling but rather an inept attempt at some sort of ironic black comedy. The premise of giant rodents inhabiting the moon a lifeless orb to be sure is totally ridiculous as is the construction of a giant mousetrap. I suppose we are to also assume that the moon is made of green cheese and that is how these absurd creatures survive. I can only assume that this episode was presented as a filler to supplant the other two episodes first aired on that date. All in all a waste of film actors and air time.
critique5029 After reading the other reviews for this film I am of the opinion that the high markers are probably paid studio lackeys as the film I saw was absolutely dire with wooden acting lacklustre scripting and plodding predictable directing one of the few plus points has to be the stunning scenery as this film features some stunning backdrops with great sweeping vistas and dramatic skies and wide open prairies sadly when the most memorable thing in a film is the part featured behind the actors this has to be a warning sign as to the quality of the movie all in all a thoroughly uninspiring addition to the western genre which even at the very reasonable price it can be obtained on DVD is best to avoid.
critique5030 I struggle to see the point of this movie. It is supposed to be a comedy but I didn't laugh once. The storyline is one that could have been interesting in a well made movie but since this is acted by comics the result is totally unbelievable (as comedies should be). The Comic strip series was very hit and miss even withing the episodes and it is fair to say all of the people involved have gone on to do greater things. One to avoid. I have also just found out that comments have to be 10 lines long. The whole point of these comments is to give an indication of whether the movie is worth watching: not write an essay gushing about it or taking it apart. If you like: Seinfeld Larry Sanders the Young Ones Alan Partridge Arrested Development Curb Red Dwarf then you might like to pass on this. On the other hand if you like lame jokes such as can be found in Friends and Dodgeball enjoy watching this!
critique5031 No words can describe how awful this film is. Its like the director literally took a s*** in a roll of film and sent it out to the viewing public.<br /><br />The acting in this movie is horrendous The plot is so dumb and the deaths of each character is laughably bad. Some stupid scenes include Akshay Kumar pulling a gun out of nowhere to kill a hologram (yes a hologram) Akshay Kumar carrying a bazooka around the town Rajat Bedi getting beaten up by a poorly animated skeleton Rajat Bedi and Siddharth double penetrating Monisha Korella (How did they think this was straight?). Also i'd like to point out that the animations are absolutely terrible. The scene that supports this statement is when Kapal has the motorbike and somehow gains the glasses. The shopping job looks like it was done in microsoft paint.<br /><br />The best parts in this movie are with Sunny Deol. This man is so strong that he makes even god feel scared. In one scene he literally breaks open a jail door by kicking it. Chuck Norris' round-house has nothing on that! He is even so powerful that he can fly from London to India in a matter of 10 minutes! Overall this movie is perhaps the most poorly made movie in the universe. If you were to watch it watch it for the hilarity that ensues throughout (BTW this movie is supposed to be serious)
critique5032 Plodding maybe that should have been the title. Bad dialogue delivered at a snail's pace. All the characters are single dimension with the exception of one. Unfortunately that character has some of the worst lines and does not seem to fit into this clichÃƒÂ© ridden two- hour drag. Having grown up in the seventies this film is seriously lacking in detail atmosphere and authenticity. Surprisingly this was produced by Kelsey Grammar someone who should recognize sharp dialogue and a consistent narrative in a script. Cameron Richardson is about the only element that lights up this film. Robin Trower's music is also a welcomed addition.
critique5033 I like Noel Coward the wit. I like Noel Coward the play write. I like Noel Coward the composer and singer but I loathe Noel Coward the actor.<br /><br />To me this is a man who should have stayed firmly behind the scenes writing his plays and composing his music and making his profound and hilarious observations. He should never have been allowed in front of a camera.<br /><br />Make no mistake he is one of the top outstanding talents of the 20th century but the man just couldn't act and his voice...with it's rolling R's and it's overly round tonal quality...well it could quite easily grate cheese in my opinion.<br /><br />This is one of my least favourite offerings from Coward as he unconvincingly portrays a psychiatrist embarking on an affair with a much younger woman made worse by the fact that the much younger woman is an old school friend of his much younger wife.<br /><br />Celia Johnson is as much a joy to watch as ever as Cowards wronged wife. It is her performance that saves this film from abject dullness. I suppose her own little fling in Coward's Brief Encounter four years previously qualified her for this role as she must have raised a few eyebrows playing a such a promiscuous woman and this gave her the chance to win back a few fans and gain some lost sympathy.<br /><br />She was such a wonderful actress and you can see why Noel Coward used her so much in many of his productions.<br /><br />However the rest of the film is drab badly acted predictable and on the whole boring to almost arse-clenching level.<br /><br />If its Noel Coward you want then take the time to watch In Which We Serve Blythe Spirit or This Happy Breed instead. Three Noel Coward treasures. With lovely films like these I suppose we can forgive him for this turkey.<br /><br />I have given this four stars purely for the addition of Miss Johnson but on the whole I'd avoid this one like the plague.
critique5034 While being a great James Arness western this film has gone down as the worst Alamo film ever made. The story was terrible inaccuracy all through it and just downright untruths to boot! Continuity was cast to the four winds. Anybody catch the cannon sequence? The Mexicans were dumb enough to fire cannons that obviously had mud and ramrods still sticking out of the tubes. Come on! Then there is Brian Keith's ridiculous hat! Costumer must of been away or something. Or just out of their mind!
critique5035 Was really looking forward to seeing a continuation of Lonesome Dove but this was total garbage. Cinematography was terrible. Shot way too tight. Was almost viewing the Grand Canyon through a stationary telescope. Editing was cut cut cut. Not even smooth. More like a bad student editor. Don't know if McMurtry did the screen play but the dialog was terrible. Really like Val Kilmer's portrayal of Doc Holiday in Wyatt Earp but what in heck was he doing with this character in Comanche Moon??? I have no idea. Even looked like it was shot on a sound stage using the old Bonanza sets. How can the director of the original Lonesome Dove gone so wrong with this? Where was his head.............. Can't say much for the acting either. It's a shame to have messed up such a beautiful western that could have been but more like they rushed this one just to get it in the can. Have read other reviews and see that others felt the same way. Not even curious to watch the next few nights cause it would be just a waste of time like the first night was.<br /><br />(2nd post)..................OK since nothing else was on TV I must be honest and admit that I watched the last 2 nights of Comanche Moon. And I will be honest to tell you that I didn't make it to the end of either of the last 2 episodes because I fell asleep! I can only admit that I was watching the two main characters very closely and I could pick out some mannerisms that Steve Zahn did while portraying the character that Duval did such an excellent job with. So I must give Zahn credit for that. As for Karl Urban's portrayal....simple dead meat. Can only say again that I was very disappointed only because I cared so much for the original LD and like others .......have defended my feelings for a truly great western.
critique5036 Thankfully I watched this film alone enabling me to fast-forward through the worst scenes (aka most of the film actually). OK some of it is not all bad with partially good photography (even some of the under water scenes) and at times not too bad directing. But it still doesn't save the incredibly poor script and way worse acting. Additionally when I don't find the movies "hottie" to be all that even the wannabe-sexy love making scenes get dull. Really dull! And for the drama: You know it's always a bad sign when you get to dislike all of the characters so much you really don't care who lives and who dies.<br /><br />If you still haven't gotten tired of the reality series Survivor you may find something to your liking in this movie. If not stay well clear!
critique5037 I am an avid fan of Lucio Fulci and yet I must say that "Zombi 3" (aka. "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2") of 1988 which he made with two other directors Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso was quite a disappointment. Especially compared to its great predecessor Fulci's very own Gore classic "Zombi 2" (aka. "Zombie Felsh Eaters"/"Zombie") of 1979 this is vastly disappointing. Sure the low rating of 4.5 already suggests that it's not a good film but these low ratings usually come from people who are not into Italian Zombie flicks and as enthusiastic fan of Italian Horror films and low-budget Exploitation cinema I love many films that have only been rewarded with much lower ratings. Also many of my fellow Italian Horror buffs seem to think of this film as underrated which I sadly cannot agree with. Not that the film was a complete disaster. It has some redeeming qualities above all Fulci's nauseating gore effects that are always a pleasure to watch for an Italian Horror/Gore buff. The basic idea behind the film is also not bad (allthough far from original) and I liked the ruthless portrayal of the military. Sadly that's about it. While the great predecessor "Zombi 2" was extremely gory but beyond that also genuinely creepy this is not creepy or scary for a minute and the nauseating and often grotesque gore is the only true reason to watch "Zombi 3". The film is sometimes fun to watch but only for the gore and as an unintentional comedy. I guess that it was mainly the gore that came from Fulci and the disappointing rest that came from Mattei and Fragasso the first of which was involved in a bunch of nasty cult-flicks (such as D'Amato's "Porno Holocaust") and the second of which is responsible for one of the worst movies ever made the god-awful "Troll 2". Overall this is definitely watchable for the gore but out of all Fulci films I've seen so far this is definitely the worst and I've seen the majority of this great filmmaker's repertoire. I am a Fulci fan and I always will be but this sure isn't his magic moment. It may be fun for the gore but I recommend to watch any other Fulci film before this!
critique5038 Wakayama Tomisaburo's portrayal of fugitive ex-Kaishakunin Ogami Itto felt entirely natural. His demeanor his voice his appearance- all of it spoke to dislodgement. When he entered a space I as well as characters on the screen could feel he didn't belong there and that his determination to be there spelled trouble.<br /><br />I read somewhere that Mr. Wakayama actually took Kendo (Japanese swordsmanship) training and that would explain his comfort with the katana which showed magnificently in every cutfest. If you watch the movies from the moment he draws to the moment he sheaths the sword you feel as though you were witnessing something inevitably ugly. He'd even spin the katana quickly to flick off the blood before sheathing it and it would happen in an effortless instant.<br /><br />Nakamura Kinnosuke's rendition comes across as a rendition. It feels as though he were trying too hard to be someone else or tell someone else's story. As a result every time I tried to engage I'd lose my grip because HE didn't seem to have a firm grip on the role himself. As though it were awkward for him.<br /><br />The swordsmanship in the TV series was entirely old-school Hollyweird too. Camera cuts to disguise Mr. Nakamura's awkwardness with the katana slow action targets sitting still etc. Extremely bad from a viewer's perspective. There was a moment in the episode The Castle Wall Attack when Mr. Nakamura drew his sword like a child. It was embarrassing. He handled it as though it were heavy! I almost fell off my chair.<br /><br />And let's be frank: The story is about an excellent swordsman. Period. Swordsmanship is an issue.<br /><br />Realism isn't however: the swordplay in the movies was excellent and manga-like as was intended I'm sure. (The baby cart was outfitted with a cluster of automatic rapid-fire muskets operated by a 3 year old? Yes...manga-style.) It's how the story seamlessly weaves historical cultural accuracy into basically superhero fantasy that makes the movies captivating. (Read Yoshikawa Eiji's Musashi %historical legend%!) I couldn't really sit through the TV series episodes. They just felt cheap. See the movies first and you'll know what I'm talking about.
critique5039 When I saw Alien vs. Predator a few years ago I have to say as stupid as a sequel it was it was still somewhat enjoyable. Now there are unfortunately a shortage of good movies out in the theater lately so my boyfriend and I decided to just go ahead and see what AVPR: Aliens vs Predator - Requiem was about. So we saw it a couple nights ago and I have to say that there was absolutely nothing thrilling about this horror sequel. It took a completely different turn from the first AVP movie it's not a bad idea that they took Alien and Predator and put them in the up class suburbs but from the idea of the first one explaining their reasons for existing this was just an average and predictable horror sequel. Not to mention a story that keeps introducing new characters every scene where I wasn't sure who to keep in mind on who was the main character and why so I couldn't really keep up with the story.<br /><br />From what I've gathered of course the Predator and the Alien are up in space having to deal with the stuff of typical sit com neighbors they're just beating the lights out of each other and they decide to why not? Go ahead and take it out on some Earthlings. So they crash and Alien is taking over the suburbia utopia. But teenagers including a troubled couple who look like Ken and Barbie a female marine and her daughter among others are going to make sure to kick some space butt that is if the predator doesn't get there first. Because he is ticked off at the Alien I guess for starting the party without him lol just kidding actually for killing some of his friends.<br /><br />AVPR: Aliens vs Predator - Requiem isn't the worst movie by any standards it's still pretty cool with a lot of the visual effects and the fight sequences between Alien and Predator are so cool to watch. Like the first sequel of Alien vs. Predator the cast is the thing that ruins the film and just seems like they were not well developed I know it's horror but the original Alien and Predator films had characters that you cared about and wanted to win. But it was a semi-decent sequel that I would say is worth a look for some fun especially for Ken and Barbie's sake.<br /><br />4/10
critique5040 Steve(Chris Hoffman)gathers a group from high school for a reunion at the cabin location where his twin brother Wes went missing. While they are there a reptilian creature in the shape of a man(reminded me a lot of the Gillman from CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON)awaits in the wilderness choosing the right time to pick them apart one by one. A biker Ellen Ripley-type time female bad-ass Kat(Chase Masterson)has an underground military bunker she practices experiments in while it also serves as a place of safety from the thing on the bloody rampage. Kat knows more than she's telling(she also suffered the loss of a child) but there's another novelty twist most of the group have no idea of. This creature might just be more human than they realize..and it's former identity might shed some light on a deception only one other person has been hiding since Wes' death. Kat holds the key to many of the mysteries that unlock as the group remains near the cabin.<br /><br />Thankfully a large portion of the film stays away from the creature which leaps in the air while we also see a hazy screen when we look through it's eyes. The film has Dawson's Creek-type melodramatics which often hinder any real tension that needs to build in a little monster movie. The direction is very bland leading to a relatively dull experience instead of eliciting scares. The cast is rather life-less and uninteresting. Pretty Maggie Grace(THE FOG remake) might be the only draw for this film.
critique5041 I honestly expected more from this movie. That may have been the problem. There was not one time when the camera was still - ever. On close ups the camera shakes the subjects move and I get a headache. The cuts are so often and so fast that the viewer often finds himself/herself wondering what just happened. (LOOK OUT SPOILER ALERT) And at the end of the movie when you expect to have a happy ending after being put through so much useless thought to comprehend what is going on they end up losing. To me this was a basically terrible movie wrecked by a camera man with ADHD and lack of a meaningful meaningful plot.
critique5042 I rented this movie because it sounded pretty interesting but to my Horror this movie was the worst movie I had ever seen! I read the comment from Gumby-8 and he has to be a part of the cast or the crew. Unless Gumby-8 is a 4 year old child or some demented cult member no one in their right mind would think that this movie had any potential at all.<br /><br />I couldn't believe Gumby-8's comments. <br /><br />Quoting: "From the "Dune" inspired opening animation to the quick pace...this film keeps the eye moving and works so well that repeat viewing is not unexpected."<br /><br />The Animation is the only aspect of the movie that was interesting and the fact of that the film keeps the eye moving well that's because you keep looking for any type of suspense. I mean give me a break Halloween was shot with a budget of $100000.00 and a painted mask and also by the way became a cult classic. As far as "repeat viewing is not unexpected" I think he made a typo.<br /><br />Another quote from Gumby-8 the only Fan: "The acting is also a strong aspect of the film."<br /><br />With all due respect for the actors their performance is nothing more than the respective talent of Robert Napton.<br /><br />The catchy Tagline: "Beware the hour between dusk and darkness"<br /><br />That's because there is no dusk or darkness in this movie.<br /><br />MPAA rating "Rated R for some violence/gore"<br /><br />The only gore you see is some red paint on a sheet over a dead body you never see. As far as I know it might be a clump of grass.<br /><br />In summation I have seen horror flicks from the 50's 60's and 70's. I have seen what I thought to be the absolutely worst and some that were very good. The director of this film either did not make any attempt was asleep or took a hit of acid. Whatever the case I think the actors deserve applause for trying to salvage a very poor job of direction. I would give this film a rating of .5 for a 'B' movie.
critique5043 Harlan Knowles (Lance Henriksen) brings a group of people to a mountain to help find his missing daughter (Erica Durance). What they don't know is that she was killed by a sasquatch (Taras Kostyuk) and it's still out there... waiting for them.<br /><br />It was a late night when I poped this into my DVD player. I seriously wish I could go back in time and stop me. Most people will tell you that films like "House of the Dead" or "S.I.C.K: Serial Insain Clown Killers" will be the movies you wish you've never seen. Wrong. This will be.<br /><br />I've seen a lot of crap but this is the only crap that's haunted me. How I wish I never watched this! The acting actually isn't so bad. It's just the writing and the directing and the pacing and everything! I am actually a fan of Sasquatch films. But not this one.<br /><br />Please listen to my warning. Don't watch this!
critique5044 This movie is a fine example of what happens when a studio wants to get a sequel to a fine movie out of the gates at all cost. Only with this movie it truly is a near miss. Everything seems in place for Robocop 2 to be a worthy followup to the groundbreaking first movie. The complete original cast (apart from the casualties naturally) returns and gives it their best. Too bad a hackneyed script and an incompetent director as good as neutralize their efforts.<br /><br />Irvin Kershner might have been the ideal go to guy for George Lucas to direct the Empire Strikes Back. For a pedestrian filmmaker like Kershner there isn't much to ruin in Lucas' charmless film series. A worthy successor to a classic like Robocop would have needed either Paul Verhoeven to return or a director with enough brass to give his own spin on it. Kershner doesn't know how to give his own spin on anything (Lucas hired him for that) and he's surely no Verhoeven.<br /><br />So what we get here is a movie that goes through all the motions to replicate the first movie but with none of the freshness humor or daring the original had. Kershner probably thought he could top Verhoeven by adding more gore and gratuitous violence but instead he reveals how much he was at work as a director for hire instead of a passionate filmmaker. And that's a shame since everything was in place to make this another classic. As mentioned the actors give it their best but Phill Tippet delivers some groundbreaking stop motion effects and there are some great ideas in the story by Frank Miller who was born to write a Robocop movie. If only the studio had hired a director who was competent enough to make all the potential come through.
critique5045 It is such a strange movie you can call it awful or if you sit with friends it can give you a killer laugh-athon. Strange comes to mind again and again. Shot amateurishly acted even worse and the directions maybe none. The special effects are funny but the music accompanying a flying demon baby will surely be the biggest hit. See it if you got time to kill. But don't don't even try to take it seriously. Supposed to be a tribute to 'Porno holocaust '. Since I haven't seen it from the tribute I can assume it to be as bad. Should have given it 1/10 but it did give me a good laugh or two so it gets a 3. Excessive gore the only thing somebody worked on. Stay away if you are squeamish more gore than laughs. Wonder if the makers had a laugh making it?
critique5046 A young woman Jodie Foster is witnessing a mafia murder reports the killing to the local police and becomes herself a hit target by the mob operatives. A professional killer Dennis Hopper hired by mafia is stalking her to prepare for the hit but eventually he falls for her. Then as a parody of the Stockholm Syndrome that defines a case when an abducted hostage begins to like and cooperate with the kidnapper Jodie Foster falls for her abductor too make love and both prepare for a getaway.<br /><br />Denis Hopper the actor tries to align himself with the creative ambitions of Dennis Hopper the director. The result is disappointing and fails to keep pace with the artistic level of a great performer as Dennis Hopper is. There is no real thrill and the script is sometimes naive and predictable. The film is saved to some extent by the performance of Jodie Foster who is not at her best but still shines with her talent beauty and gift. Of historical interest is the short appearance of Vincent Price and in a small act of Charlie Sawn known from his great part in "Wall Street".<br /><br />If you decide to spend the 116 minutes to see the film it is not a complete loss; this movie offers easy entertainment but we would expect much more from the director of "Easy Rider" and the actress who gave us the character of Sarah Tobias in "The Accused".
critique5047 And one only in my opinion.<br /><br />That reason is Margaret Leighton. She is a wonderful actress on-stage as well as on the screen. We have few chances to see her though. I think that's especially true in the United States.<br /><br />Here she plays a sympathetic role. Not only that but she is also very pretty and meant to be something of a bombshell.<br /><br />Walter Pigeon does not hold up the tradition of Drummond performers. He is always reliable but he's not much fun. He's not a rascal or a knave. Consequently this seemed to me a talky endeavor with little action or suspense. But check it out for Leighton.
critique5048 After reading the book I loved the story. Watching the movie I was disappointed that so many changes were made. It is understandable that books and movies differ but it was two different stories only the names and some of the book's story remained. Read the book and you'll have a better understanding of the movie. The book gives you a better development of the characters. These characters are extremely interesting and make you care about them. The locations were indeed in line with the book's descriptions. Some characters not included. Television has microwaved so many great books and stories this is a perfect example of that. Input from the author doesn't always insure a good movie but it can help sometimes.
critique5049 ***Tip: Have It Read To You Heres How***<br /><br />1) Copy And Paste This To Notepad (NOT WORD) 2) Go To. START>ALL PROGRAMS>ACCESSORIES>ACCESSABILTY>NARRATOR<br /><br />having your testicles ironed.<br /><br />When Jonathan Ross started his career he was on a show call "The Last Resort" now a days he is the first resort to host anything and anything. TV Award Shows that half the time he is up for nominations in Comic relief chat shows quiz shows game shows charity shows Brighton. Just when you at you wits end and think you can find salvation in the wireless the lisping twang of good old J.R. Hits you like a freight train going none stop from Texas to downtown N.Y. That has lost a hour and is trying to make it up.<br /><br />About this show (FNWJR).<br /><br />Its a normal chat show format with J.R. As host and a house band that concisest of four gay men (ha ha ha ow my aching sides.) and season one had Andy Davis but he left or was fired to give way to Ross's Ego.<br /><br />Ross will more less use his guests as props and you really don't hear them speak because of his "Its my ball and I'll take it home" attitude you also see that the bigger the guest the more he is willing to lie and suck up to them to get in with the big boys (Like the weak kid at school who hangs round with the bully).<br /><br />However when a small reality T.V. Star comes on he'll happily humiliate them asking personal questions about the past and telling them about their lack of talent to get the laughs. Sometimes he will under estimate the popularity of a guest say something to belittle them and then when the audience act shocked he will quickly turn and start making himself the fall guy the best example of this was when "Life On Mars" star John Simm came on and he said how does someone like you get work your OK looking but not Hollywood good-looking (Bare in mind the Hugh Jackman and Halle Berry was in the green room he was really only trying to suck up to them before they were even on the couch). When the audience acted shock Ross quickly said "What I'm bit light headed from wearing that corset I don't know what I'm saying". If he don't have any low forms of TV life on he'll just dig at the four gay men on the piano with jokes more out of date than his fashion.<br /><br />Its very much a different story when a Hollywood A-lister or big TV star comes on the show in that he'll tell them stories to humor them. When some actor explains that he was in a support band then Jonathon Ross will say something like "Wow well he ever I go to see a band i was try to look interested for the support band to make them feel as though they are wanted" with an underline message being "please like me I was probably one of the people that cheered you when you was in your band". Top this off with an audience of Ross fans so hooked on every bad old joke and bulling it really makes for a poor show.<br /><br />Your better off watching US chat shows instead they are more scripted but not anywhere near as hard to watch.
critique5050 As long as there's been 3d technology (1950's I think) there's been animation made for it. I remember specifically a Donald Duck cartoon with Chip and Dale in it. I don't remember the name at the moment but the plot was that Donald worked at a circus was feeding an elephant peanuts and Chip and Dale were stealing the peanuts. This was made to watch in 3d probably 1960's. If you happened to watch Meet the Robinsons in 3d in theaters they showed this cartoon before the movie and explained the details of it's origin. There are probably somewhere around 100 cartoons made specifically to be viewed through 3d glasses. This claim was a bad move because it's not difficult to prove them wrong. On top of that this just looks like a bad movie.
critique5051 Ostensibly a film that predicts the coming trends in British popular music it's wrong on so many fronts that it's laughable. Tommy Quickly? The Honeycombs? The movie DOES include a song by the Spencer Davis group two by the Animals and one tacked on live film of the Beatles doing their live version of Twist and Shout (all 1:20). But all in all an awkward display of British music circa 1964. Oh and Herman's Hermits.
critique5052 As if the world hadn't already got enough cheap Jaws imitations writer Boaz Davidson decided to make the sequel to his ropey-but-reasonably-enjoyable creature-feature Octopus a complete rip-off of Spielberg's classic right down to having a concerned cop who no-one believes and a mayor more worried about his 4th July celebrations than people's lives.<br /><br />Even in the hands of an extremely skilled director it is unlikely that this derivative rubbish could have been anything other than hokey B-movie garbage but with Yossi Wein (yes THE Yossi Wein!) calling the shots behind the camera a man with a fraction of Mr.Spielberg's talent (I estimate about 1/10000th) Octopus 2 is guaranteed to be every bit as bad as one might imagine!<br /><br />The predictable and extremely clichÃƒÂ©d plot isn't worth describing in much detail (substitute Jaws' Amity Island with New York and Bruce the Shark with a giant rubber octopus and you'll get the gist) although several points about the film are definitely worth mentioning simply because they are so funny: all of the octopus attacks involve the actors struggling to make incredibly fake-looking giant tentacles look real which is hilarious to behold; Bulgaria's capital Sofia unconvincingly stands in for New York and overuse of stock footage makes the illusion even less convincing; best of all a silly dream sequence that sees the rubber octopus attacking our hero atop the Statue of Liberty is not only gut-bustingly stupid but also features some truly dreadful special effects.<br /><br />Davidson's script also doesn't know when to quit: there are several points in this film at which it could've (and probably should've) ended but the action goes on and on with the octopus surviving several explosions and causing a tunnel to collapse (trapping the film's love interest and a bunch of kids) before finally being blown to smithereens by the hero.<br /><br />Sometimes very silly always awful technically but never actually scary this STV stinker may find fans amongst those who actively seek out cinematic trash. Most normal people however would be advised to steer well clear.
critique5053 Zarkorr is one bad movie. This doesn't even rate in the so bad its good category. It's just bad. From the (lack of) set design to the acting to the special effects everything about this movie stinks. For starters the film looks like it was filmed in just empty rooms with a couple of props thrown in to make it look good. Then we get acting that is so bad that it makes a high school play look like it was an Oscar candidate. And to top it all off there's the special effects that are so bad that they look like an amateur pulled them off in their garage. The towns that the monster is supposedly crushing look like my nephew's train set. So obviously fake that they scream out at the viewer. The only good thing about the movie is the monster suit. Its just too bad that they spent all their budget on that and left nothing for the rest of the film. And maybe a decent script would have helped too.
critique5054 There is absolutely nothing to redeem this movie. They took a sleazy story miscast it miswrote it misfilmed it. It has bad dialogue badly performed in a meandering and trashy story.<br /><br />As badly as it fails as art it fails even worse as commerce. Who could have been the target market for this. What age group? What interest group?<br /><br />Someone should make a movie about how and why they made this movie. That I would pay to see.<br /><br />I've seen thousands of bad movies and this ranks with "Sailor Who Fell from Grace" and "Manos" ... my choices as the three most unredeemably bad movies I've ever seen. Everybody associated with it should be forced to make conversation with VanDamme for all eternity.<br /><br />I challenge you. Watch this movie and perform an academic exercise - how could you take this and make it worse? I can't think of one way.
critique5055 I had no idea what the film is about before I saw it because Tashan only had teaser trailers while it was being promoted. So I asked my friends if they knew anything about it and they said that "It is the directorial debut of Vijay Krishna Acharya who wrote the screenplays for Dhoom 1 & 2 and Saif Ali Khan's son Ibrahim makes his debut in the film by playing him as a child in his flashback".<br /><br />After watching it I understood that why their wasn't a proper trailer because there wasn't anything in the film to show. The story was extremely dum and even a 10 year old child can come up with a better story-line. There was hardly any action and the camera shook at every possible angle there is and it's difficult to figure out that who is killing who. Also the action was daft & unrealistic e.g. 1 man with a handgun managed to kill about 100 men with machine guns.<br /><br />While I was watching Tashan it reminded me of 3 films:<br /><br />Sin City: During the opening credits.<br /><br />Koyla: Anil Kapoor's terrible English like Amrish Puri in Koyla.<br /><br />Jhoom Barabar Jhoom: The outrageously ridiculous jokes that are not even a jot funny.<br /><br />I also heard the budget is 40 crores which is the same amount as Dhoom 2 and I don't know where all the money went to. Anyway if you did not like Dhoom 2 then there is absolutely no chance that you will like Tashan. Race was hot on heels and that is a million times better.<br /><br />The only 2 good songs are Dil Haara & Challiya and both songs are shot in Greece at good locations but what is the use of it in a rubbish film? Even Anil Kapoor's terrible English couldn't save this discomfiture.
critique5056 Black Vengeance is an alternate title for "Ying hung ho hon" AKA "Tragic Hero" (1987). I have just seen this on VHS together with the first part of the story "Gong woo ching" ("Rich and Famous") also 1987. (The poster and 2 stills featured on the page are for a 4-DVD set of movies starring Rod Perry (The Black Gestapo) Fred Williamson (Black Cobra 2) Richard Lawson (Black Fist). The fourth movie is called "The Black Six"). Strangely while the characters retain their original names in "Rich and Famous" in "Black Vengeance" Chow Yun-Fat's character is named Eddie Shaw Alex Man (Man Tze Leung) is Harry and Andy Lau is called Johnny. Also confusing is the fact that 1994 is given as the copyright dates on both films. Perhaps that was the year they were American-dubbed. According to the release dates given on IMDb "Tragic Hero" was released before "Rich and Famous". Was there any reason for releasing the sequel first? Despite some users' comments I enjoyed these films although they aren't among CYF's best such as "The Killer" and "Hard-Boiled" which are truly astonishing. Howeverif one day I come across a 2-DVD set of "Rich and Famous" and "Tragic Hero" I won't hesitate to buy it. Hopefully these comments about "Black Vengeance" clear up which was also for me a mystery as to where it belonged in Chow Yun-Fat's filmography.
critique5057 Cameron Mitchell plays an actor who is dating a young actress who used to date the head of a movie studio (she's too young for both of them!). At a party when he's lighting his cigarette the studio boss throws a high alcohol content drink in his face and he catches fire. In the hospital his face is entirely bandaged and he still lights up a cigarette! He becomes the resident sculptor of the Movieland Wax Museum and Palace where he also lights up cigarettes!<br /><br />Mitchell recovers more or less having really poorly done burn makeup on one side of his face that looks like gray spackle and tape and an eyepatch. When Mitchell isn't smoking he's killing people. Well he only kills people sometimes since he prefers to inject them with something that puts them in a sort of waxy coma. If he doesn't administer it regularly (and he never seems to remember) they start to move again a little although they're in a sort of hypnotic zombie state. Not all his sculptures are people though. He evidently does have talent as a sculptor.<br /><br />The ending which seemed to have been struck from a much poorer print than the rest of the movie is really absurd. They seemed not to know what to do and went back to the title for an idea. Apart from the oddly grainy final shots the rest of the movie is in fairly good shape except for the audio in some scenes which sounds like it was run through a blown speaker. Definitely not one of the better wax museum movies.
critique5058 This movie has got to be one of the worst I have ever seen make it to DVD!!! The story line might have clicked if the film had more funding and writers that would have cut the nonsense and sickly scenes that I highly caution parents on.... But the story line is like a loose cannon. If there was such a thing as a drive thru movie maker-this one would have sprung from that.It reminded me a lot of the quickie films that were put out in the 1960's poor script writing and filming. <br /><br />The only sensible characters in the whole movie was the bartender and beaver. The rest of the film could have easily been made by middle school children. I give this film a rating of 1 as it is truly awful and left my entire family with a sense of being cheated. My advice-Don't Watch It!!!
critique5059 Awful in a whole new way ANYTHING BUT LOVE probably should be seen by movie buffs--if only as a cautionary measure that proves all that can go wrong with a "vanity" production. I am guessing a vanity production since there is no other reason on god's green earth to cast as talent-free and not particularly attractive non-singer/actress as Isabel Gold in the leading lady role--vied for yet by the likes of "lookers" like Cameron Bancroft and Andrew McCarthy--except that she also helped write this bizarre little movie. Her singing leaves much to be desired and yet unbelievable as it is all the other characters in the film think she's terrific. There are a few moments here of actual charm or humor but VERY few. Otherwise this is a silly sad fiasco that veers from paint-by-numbers to paint-by-wrong-numbers. You know how it is when people look at a piece of modern art and someone says "My kid could do better than that!" Well this is a movie the likes of which your--or anyone's--kid might do better.
critique5060 This movie was cheesy and it was more than that. It was about this guy who gets a curse on him and he turns into a gorilla. I had to see how bad it was because of the title. Before this guy turns into a gorilla he gets married. I was a little upset because she wasn't a bride of a gorilla: she is now the wife of the gorilla. She should have married him when he was a gorilla then the title would have made more sense. There are all these people in the middle of the jungle too and they all want to leave. This isn't just a B movie it's more like a Z movie. I didn't even see any bananas for a wedding gift. Oh right he wasn't cursed yet.
critique5061 As a youth pastor I heard good things about this movie. Then I watched it. The acting wasn't the best. That's forgivable. It's the message that's not: Give Jesus your life and everything will change - you'll tackle better make amazing catches stop fumbling start making touchdown passes and even make the playoffs. All because Jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into All-American athletes. I laughed out loud when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals. But wait that's not all. You'll get a brand new truck a $6000 raise and you and your wife's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice. THEN you'll win the state championship because God helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he's ever kicked before - and into the wind no less - all because "God wanted him to make it." Then you'll win the state championship again the next year. None of this good stuff would have happened if the team hadn't chosen to follow Jesus will all their hearts.<br /><br />Here's what I took away from the movie: God can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it - and it's all about making our lives better easier and more enjoyable. He chooses his favorite team and helps them win games. Which bible is this story based on? I'll bet Saint Stephen wished he'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death. Someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following Jesus. It would have saved them all a lot of trouble.
critique5062 Given that this movie was put together in less than a year might explain its shortness (81 minutes - including end credits so roughly 76 minutes of actual film). But what it cannot explain is its lack of humor that the previous film possessed.<br /><br />The gags are quick and sometimes not even funny. The only true funny parts are the quick spoofs on the Nike basketball spots James Woods' portrayal of Max Van Sydow's character in the Exorcist and bits and pieces scattered throughout the film. Very unfunny was the take off of Charlie's Angels which like the first Scary Movie and the Matrix spin off scene basically recreated the scene without much humor injected into it.<br /><br />Today's youth might not be able to relate to the spoof gags of the classic supernatural horror films of the 70's such as the Exorcist and maybe of the 80s' Poltergeist et. al.<br /><br />Hopefully Scary Movie 3 will take some time to put together making the spoofs more enjoyable.<br /><br />One thing though the film features more than the last one of promising young actress Anna Faris (whom I will admit seemed exceptionally hot in the sequel). Just for her casting and acting ability I give this movie a "3" out of "10".
critique5063 I don't even know where to begin on this one. "It's all about the family." That has to be the worst line of dialogue ever heard in a "horror" movie although this couldn't be a horror movie even if it tried!!! Ugh!!! And I know that Owen Wilson is a better actor. He needs to stop playing the token guy who dies in every action movie (Anaconda Armageddon). After all the man did co-write "Bottle Rocket" and "Rushmore." He does have some talent. Also Lily Taylor should stick to indie films. She has no place here. Finally Catherine Zeta-Jones should become a porn star. There's no room in legitimate acting for her. I'm serious. One of the worst movies I've ever seen EVER.
critique5064 John Scott (John Wayne) and partner Kansas Charlie (Eddy Chandler) are trail buddies who make their way to the Rattlesnake Gulch rodeo. Scott is a pretty fair contestant but finds that unless he's willing to accept twenty five cents on the dollar in prize money from a crooked promoter he'll have to collect his winnings at gunpoint. Quite coincidentally bandits Pete (Al Ferguson) and Jim (Paul Fix) decide they'd like the rest of the rodeo take; they shoot promoter Farnsworth (Henry Hall) and make it look like Scott and Kansas Charlie are the killers. <br /><br />Wayne and Chandler use a running gag in the film where they're about to go at it with their fists over various trivialities. Each time Chandler takes a wild swing Wayne foot stomps him and knocks him silly.<br /><br />If you're very attentive there's a neat Lipton's Tea ad in one of the scenes in which Scott's love interest Anne (Mary Kornman) appears.<br /><br />Later on in the film the buddies are framed once again over a stage robbery. Having a change of heart and seeing the error of his ways bad guy Jim wants to come clean and confess to the sheriff but Pete shoots him down. While being patched up Jim tells his story to the doctor and his sister Anne. In an unbelievable scene Anne marches right into the middle of a gunfight between the good guys and the villains to confront the sheriff.<br /><br />"The Desert Trail" is one of the blander John Wayne Westerns from Lone Star Productions during this era. Noticeably absent are George "Gabby" Hayes and Yakima Canutt one or both are usually to be seen in these oaters. If you're a John Wayne fan though you'll have to see it once but that will probably be enough.
critique5065 What ever happened to shows with united parental figures? The parents in this show are nearly as irresponsible as the children. Instead of punishing the youngest child for being manipulative they let her get away with murder. They can't ever agree on a course of action when it comes to dealing with the children and instead they do nothing. Yeah great plan. Just ignore their behavior because they're "cute." This show tells the already manipulative preteens that watch it that the "divide and conquer" technique is the best way to get their parents to "cave." The oldest children are constantly running amok and getting themselves into all sorts of impossible situations but there are no consequences for their actions. Yeah great television all right.
critique5066 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5067 Michael Jackson would have claimed a spot for the top-billed character in THE GOLDEN CHILD and because he loves kids. That didn't work (and why should it?) so instead we have Eddie Murphy out to save the world by rescuing "Kid Midas". I would strongly suggest all future scriptwriters to please thoroughly study the actor's inane dialogue in this quirky fantasy - adventure - comedy that's a step closer to ISHTAR. Whatever Murphy says or does can be best liked but don't get me wrong about his exquisite comical talent; he doesn't belong in this movie and the same went for DR. DOLITTLE! The violence and visuals combined are reasons to stamp it as a cult camp classic and that wouldn't have made any sense as Hollywood and movie fanatics kept cashing in on the guy. Speaking of visuals they were pulled off amazingly well at the time of Ronald Reagan's presidential fame. Murphy is far better at COMING TO AMERICA and 48 HRS but this stale movie isn't my touch of golden honey for a sweet crunchy taste.
critique5068 In the unlikely case that some aspiring directors are reading these comments I'd like to offer some advice (free of charge!) from a viewer's perspective. If you want to make a serious exotic adventure film do it. If you want to make a spoof of exotic adventure films go ahead. DO NOT try to make both at the same time it doesn't work. For example having a goofy "comic relief" character killed and beheaded and following it up with a monkey shaking a tree and dropping a coconut on a cannibal's head just makes you look like you had NO IDEA what kind of movie you wanted to make. This one is boring meandering cheap racist....you get the picture. A couple of smart moments and a few glimpses of nudity from Kathy Shower (way too prissy here) are hardly worth your trouble. There is a reason everyone has forgotten about this film's existence. (*1/2)
critique5069 I love documentaries. The Andy Goldsworthy doc was great.I looked forward to this one - but was very disappointed. I knew of Kahn and was intrigued by the idea of his lonely death in a Penn Station men's room. There must be a story here I mistakenly believed.The only story here is of sadly deluded women who had affairs with an ugly little famous married man. In the absence of anything like an explanation for this guy's horrible behavior we're given endlessly repeated clips of Kahn walking around and painfully long - supposedly contemplative - shots of his soulless buildings.Actually some of the buildings are interesting but the thrust of the film asks us to think about the guy himself. The overwrought soundtrack references an emotional tug that is entirely absent from the film. Kahn's apparent gifts do not excuse his behavior or martyr his mistresses. This film seems to want to give Kahn the great artiste's free pass and thus make the director and his mother sympathetic figures - I don't buy it.
critique5070 `The Matrix' was an exciting summer blockbuster that was visually fantastic but also curiously thought provoking in its `Twilight Zone'-ish manner. The general rule applies here- and this sequel doesn't match up to its predecessor. Worse than that it doesn't even compare with it.<br /><br />`Reloaded' explodes onto the screen in the most un-professional fashion. In the opening few seconds the first impression is a generally good one as Trinity is shot in a dream. Immediately after that the film nose-dives. After a disastrous first 45 minutes it gradually gains momentum when they enter the Matrix and the Agent Smith battle takes place. But it loses itself all speed when it reaches the 14-minute car chase sequence and gets even worse at the big groan-worthy twist at the end. Worst of all is the overlong `Zion Rave' scene. Not only does it have absolutely nothing to do with the plot but it's also a pathetic excuse for porn and depressive dance music.<br /><br />The bullet-time aspect of `The Matrix' was a good addition but in `'Reloaded' they overuse to make it seem boring. In the first one there were interesting plot turns but here it is too linear to be remotely interesting. The movie is basically just a series of stylish diversions that prevent us from realising just how empty it really is. It works on the incorrect principle that bigger is better. It appears that `The Matrix' franchise has quickly descended into the special effects drenched misfire that other franchises such as the `Star Wars' saga have.<br /><br />The acting standard is poor for the most part. The best character of course goes to Hugo Weaving's `Agent Smith'- the only one to be slightly interesting. Keanu Reeves is the definitive Neo but in all the special effects there is little room to make much of an impact. Academy Award Nominee Laurence Fishburne is reduced to a monotonous mentor with poor dialogue. Carrie Ann Moss' part as the action chick could have been done much better by any other actress. <br /><br />A poor thrown-together movie `The Matrix Reloaded' is a disappointment. Those who didn't like the first one are unlikely to flock to it. This one's for die-hard fans only. Even in the movie's own sub-genre of special effect bonanzas (Minority Report The Matrix etc.) this is still rather poor. My IMDb rating: 4.5/10.
critique5071 the only thing great about the movie is its title. In this case "Snake On a Plane" is example of not judging the book by its cover the title says nothing about the movie. When I went to the theater I wasn't expecting Citizen Kane I was expecting Independence Day a movie that's pure popcorn fun but instead I got that horrible Roy Liotta movie called " Turbulence" Yes this is how bad SOAP is. The only thing make SOAP better is its title. And it's not even the apporiate title for the movie the wasn't even a glimpse of "snake" or "plane" 40 minutes into the movie! What a false advertising! If it wasn't for its title SOAP would be just another unforgettable cheap B-grade summer movie. And the R rating? It has to be the most undeserved R rated movie of all time! The makers of the movie only add a few f word to make this a R All of the violence are kept pg-13 level. You know what's really R rated? The R rated superstar Edge! See him at Summerslam instead of waste your money on a snake!
critique5072 30 seconds into the opening credits I had this feeling that this was going to be a bad movie but I didn't know just how bad. Then the actor playing the evil Nazi scientist opens his mouth and my friend and I decide that in order to survive this movie we'll have to turn the volume down make up our own dialogue and double the speed on the DVD. But that didn't help. About half way through we turned it off. Now I've lived through some very bad movies before both with and without the aide of "Mystery Science Theater 3000" and "Svengoolie" but there are just some movies which I doubt even the Bots can save. The biggest part of the movie that bothered me the most was that the people hypnotized into believing they're zombies had rotting green skin. I guess they were all hypnotized into death then hypnotized into rotting themselves. Stick to the real B-movie cult classics like "Plan Nine From Outer Space."
critique5073 They prove that the cops when they can't find the REAL perpetrators always blame the parents and accuse them of sexual abuse of their kids. These movies always depict the press as a bunch of animals and have the parents coming out of court to feed the press' hunger to humiliate the grief-stricken. Hasn't anybody ever heard of a courthouse back door in these movies? Here you have a psychic who tells them exactly what happened and WHERE the body can be found but the police are not told and nobody heeds his findings.<br /><br />The police are portrayed as blockheads who don't know what they are doing and there's always an outside detective like Ed Asner who comes in late on the case believes in the parents and solves the mystery.<br /><br />Also after the parents are cleared they don't spit in the faces of the dumb cops who put them in jail took their kid away and accused them of killing their own child.<br /><br />It looked as if I've see this film MANY times before.
critique5074 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5075 The beginning of this movie is excellent with tremendous sound and some nice humor but once the film changes into animation it quickly loses its appeal.<br /><br />One of the reasons that was so at least for me was that the colors in much of the animation are too muted with too little contrast. It doesn't look good at least on VHS. Once in a while it breaks out and looks great but not often Also the characters come and go too quickly. For example I would have liked to have seen more of "Moby Dick." When the film starts to drag however it picks up again with the entrance of the dragon and then the film finishes strong. <br /><br />Overall just not memorable enough or able to compete with the great animated films of the last dozen years.
critique5076 I kinda liked the film despite it's frenzied pace. BUT I did not appreciate the comment that Canada was referred to as Montana North. It is definitely NOT Montana North and never will be. Americans wonder why they are perceived as arrogant in the rest of the world and that is one reason why. Stop teaching the kids of the United States of America to think they own the planet. Such a centrist world view is not becoming of one of the world's great nations. Even in jest. I would never refer to the USA as 'Alberta South'. Walt would never put us down so why start now. Other than that the film was pretty goofy better luck next time.
critique5077 When people ask me whats the worst movie I've ever seen its this one. Its not even close to MST3k level riffing or midnight viewing at a theatre or even as Disney channel late night filler. The only time I've ever wanted to jump off a ride at Disney World (or Disney/MGM Studios in this case) was to grab Dick Tracey's jacket off the mannequin rip it to shreds and ram it down the tour guides throat saying "Eat this! Eat this unholy coat of darkness!!!" I've never been so mad at a movie not even "Nutty Professor II: The Klumps" or "Flash Gordon". You want pretty colors and cinematography? Ain't here babe. Reviewers keep saying "oh but its too look like a comic book" well to me its the color of a Gordito after several weeks in the sun. About as enjoyable too. Beatty wanders around this landscape jumping around and talking to his watch himself and occasional at the other actors hoping someone will tell him what time the sequel will begin shooting. To be fair I have only seen this movie once but my pain threshold is that of a man not a God.
critique5078 I was one of quite a few extras in this big bomb. I just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at A.I.R. as it was know as back then.Thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and I don't have to sit through the whole thing. It was more of a big party than a movie set but hey the pay was good.Attention to detail was not a strong point for this one but who was going to know.The funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.A lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed I suppose to shave cost and time.But every one was having such a good time who cared!
critique5079 Rita Hayworth plays a Brooklyn nightclub dancer named Rusty who specializes in cheesecake chorus revues; she manages to get herself on the cover of a national fashion magazine but her impending success as a solo (with romantic offers all around) has smitten boss Gene Kelly chomping at the bit. Terribly tired piece of Technicolor cotton candy with unmemorable musical sketches (the two worst of which are irrelevant flashbacks to the 1890s with Hayworth portraying her own grandmother). Kelly as always dances well but acts with false sincerity; when he's serious he's insufferable and the rest of the time he's flying on adrenaline. The script is a lead weight not even giving supporting players Phil Silvers and Eve Arden any good lines. *1/2 from ****
critique5080 Might end up being the biggest disappointment that I will see in 2009. I seem to be the rare person who disliked Park's Oldboy but I think that his "Lady Vengeance" and "Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance" are among the best films I've seen in the 2000's decade. Therefore I really was looking forward to see this especially as it got such positive reviews. Instead I found the film clichÃƒÂ©d and broke little if any new ground to the vampire genre. And while I can appreciate a bit of gallows humor in movies like this I felt Park did this at very inopportune times.<br /><br />Others have compared/contrasted this to "Let the Right One In" and I have to say that "Let the Right One In" was far superior to this one and was a fresh take on the vampire genre. Sadly Park's take was a tired one.
critique5081 This is a known fact Mr. Seagal cannot smile he can act he can kick butt there are faint smiles no real smiles no laughing out loud and no real point of watching this confusing movie. We see an over weight Mr. Seagal as Dr. Wesley Maclaren who is in desperate need of a haircut and his real daughter Ayako made an appearance as his office assistant. Story: Okay so Wesley lives in another darn outback with his sweet daughter Holly. They sit and enjoy their red flower tea and omelettes and on the other end of town some over weight militia leader decides to make the whole town sick by spreading a virus that travels by air and kills in a matter of 2 days thinking he can survive as he had an antidote. Problem there is no antidote and the one that exists only holds back the virus for a while. The CIA are contacted and even they can't help and only one person isn't ill Wesley's daughter Holly. So she gets hunted thinking the cure is in her blood. Wesley manages to grab his daughter and take her to her grandfather who is a native indian. Together with his sister in law Ann they go to a base where there is a hidden lab to find a cure but even the soldiers there are dying slowly and so will others if they don't find a cure in time. And to shorten the moment neither Ann or Wesley are infected by the virus...hmm. One weak fight scene. Terrible movie and all the men in it are in desperate need of a stair master.
critique5082 Isn't it strange how crap-movies always tend to be a little better when you start watching them with an attitude like: "boy this is going to suck harder than few things have ever sucked before"? It's pretty much impossible for anyone to rent this movie with high Ã‚Â– or even remotely positive - expectations as "House of the Dead 2" is a sequel to something that is generally considered to be one of the absolute worst genre disasters ever to be released. The abysmal reputation of the original actually turned out to be a great advantage for director Michael Hurst as it was really easy to surpass the quality level of its predecessor. And exactly how embarrassing must this be for Uwe Boll huh? Having to acknowledge that a straight-to-video sequel without star power or promotional campaigns is MUCH better than his own pretentious video game interpretation? In case anyone still doubts: NO "House of the Dead 2: Dead Aim" isn't a good horror movie at all but YES: it's definitely better than the first and even worth renting in case you're looking for an undemanding splatter film with loads of gory butchering sleaze and stupid humor. There's no real connection with the events in the first film (another advantage) and this part two opens like a typically rancid sex comedy set in a college campus. The male fraternity club plans to attack a sorority house inhabited exclusively by blond coeds with enormous breasts but the party gets interrupted when an insane professor (Sid Haig!) who runs his car over a girl and takes her back to his lab to turn her into a zombie. This is the beginning of a quickly spreading and deadly epidemic but no worries as the government is prepared and sends their best scientists & soldiers to the campus to search for survivors and to bring back blood samples for an antidote. Hunting down zombies seems like the most common thing in the world for this squadron they even named them Hyper Sapiens but their constantly increasing amount eventually endangers the lives of the most hardened soldiers. Director Hurst thankfully found his inspiration in the more eminent classics of the genre like James Cameron's "Aliens" and Ã‚Â– of course - George A. Romero's dead-trilogy particularly "Day of the Dead". He luckily also didn't made the same mistakes as Uwe Boll who inserted footage of the actual video game in his movie (why?!?) and *slightly* exaggerated with the use of CGI-techniques. HotD 2 contains heavy images of violence like chopped up female corpses and detailed amputations but it never really becomes nauseating or shocking. Naturally there's isn't the slightest bit of suspense to enjoy and every dreadful horror clichÃƒÂ© features here as well. The film is very enjoyable as long as story writer Mark Altman doesn't try to explain the origins of the zombie epidemics. They're walking corpses with their brains hanging out of their skulls so we really don't need to know what caused their deaths. Especially not when the explanations are given by a blond sorority slut who clearly hasn't got a clue what all the medical terms mean. Just avoid getting bitten sweetheart.
critique5083 Was the cast and crew on drugs before they started filming this? There was a hole in the plot...so big...nothing could have filled it up. From the first scene when the co-star is late for dinner was there any doubt where he was and what he had just done? The suspense was over from there. Now it was going to take another 85 minutes before the mystery was solved. I must confess that the biggest hole in the plot kept me awake for hours wondering how dumb the screenwriter the director Chrisian Slater Molly Parker and Stephen Rea could be not to at least explain how our murderer who was not a lawyer or a policeman could go into a locked cell at a jail kill his second victim and tie him up from a noose to make it look like suicide??? I kept wondering if I had fallen asleep out of sheer boredom and missed how that happened. If someone can explain it to me please do...and then why for God's sake did he kill the third victim? Nothing made sense...and yet someone thought this film was worthy to be an official selection at a film festival. Perhaps it was a comedy and I failed to laugh.
critique5084 I tried. I really really tried to think of something that would merit rating this higher than a two. It's not that I don't "get it" -- I'm a big fan of Asian cinema. The truth is the movie is infantile in construction long-winded and painfully disjointed.<br /><br />I suppose that if you are of Alfred Hitchcock's school of thought "Don't tell them show them" then you could try to appreciate this movie but you would still be hard pressed.<br /><br />First of all The Terrorizers tries stream-of-consciousness in the style of Jean-Luc Godard and fails in this. Edward Yang seems to understand the basics of the technique but he's very unskilled at it. (Perhaps he gets better with age; I don't know as I haven't yet attempted other Yang films.) The point is he uses a dearth of "show don't tell" that really only serves to interrupt the procession of the story. Sure he gets in some visually arresting images but they don't draw the story together and they don't help to make it any better.<br /><br />Additionally the major concept behind stream-of-consciousness and "show don't tell" is that with the right images the right drama repetition and tight correlation the viewer will be able to make his or her own inferences; not to say that these will be the correct inferences but those can be amended as the story progresses and every director should strive for some of this type of audience interaction. In this Edward Yang sorely disappoints. The viewer is constantly on the periphery. There is no reason to be drawn in no reason to consider the characters or their motives no reason to get emotionally involved and really no reason to stay alert.<br /><br />Finally Yang gets lost in the story that he wants to tell not the story that the movie itself is telling. His art moves in one direction but like a large dog he can't control he's constantly yanking the lead trying to get it back onto the course he wants not the one that it is naturally following. The most egregious example of this is the ending. The ending really should have occurred at the moment of the husband's revelation. The ending of the book that the movie is focusing on (and by extension a possible ending for the movie) has already been told to us. If Yang had chosen to end at that point he would have had a much more powerful piece leaving the watcher in suspense -- does the story play out as the book says or does Yang's "real world" play out differently? Asking the viewer to think about this is the sort of viewer interaction that Yang painfully needs. Instead he continues to tell the story he wants to tell straining the natural conclusion for the sake of what? For the sheer sake of lingering on a main character -- we didn't' need to know more about her superficially and Yang wouldn't feel the need to tell us if he hadn't made her into a veneer instead of bothering to make her a more engaging and deep character to begin with. <br /><br />Why else does Yang prolong and torture his movie? To get in some more of those "visually arresting images." The movie truly suffers for it. It wants to end it has a conclusion that feels natural and leaves the viewer unsettled but instead Yang pushes on. Instead Yang constructs a complex ending that leads the viewer on causing him or her to constantly ask "so what?" The first ending the one that Yang ignored that was good. The second ending well my thought was"so what who cares?" because it's not as if it is introducing something that hasn't been put forth in the storyline already... but the last ending? That really was a waste of time. Not only did the "real" ending leave me disengaged but I also felt it was an affront to what the story could have been. Yang sacrificed a potentially good story for the bubblegum-melancholy-noir-tinged conclusion that he had insisted upon all along.<br /><br />My last problem with the movie has nothing to do with the movie itself but rather its post-production. The subbing (if you see it subbed) is horrible. Long sentences stay up for a second or two while short ones stay up far too long. Also as Yang quickly changes images the subtitles are removed from the screen. This is one of those rare instances that subtitles should be able to stay on the screen even as the image has changed because there's not much dialog going on anyway.
critique5085 Yes we all know about Dan Schneider's odd little fascination with making shows with young kids and iCarly is no exception. See young girls wiggle their toes and stick their tongues out for the camera and wear skimpy clothes and bikini's. Yes it makes you wonder if these shows were made for teens or for some older degenerate crowd. Either way the show isn't that good when compared to Dan Schneiders other shows like the far superior Amanda Show & Drake and Josh.<br /><br />The show is about a brother and sister (Carly and Spencer) living alone and having to get by on their own while their father is off in the Army and their mother is strangely absent from their lives. Carly has a mean spirited friend named Sam and they do a very well produced award winning web show called iCarly with their little school friend Freddie. The episodes deal with their lives in and around the web show and their hi jinx at school.<br /><br />Carly Shay is a young all knowing web personality/ business woman/ producer played by Miranda Cosgrove a young actress who relies on talking very very loudly and fast to get her point across and making odd faces. Her brother Spencer is a somewhat mean-spirited dim-wit and eccentric artist played by Jerry Trainor who tries a bit to hard to be like Jim Carrey and whose comedy style seems to be aimed at the young male audience who'd like this type of Joey Gladstone humor. Then there's Sam Puckett an unlikable mean little lying thief of a brat who needs an attitude adjustment played by Jeanette McCurdy who clearly wears hair extensions as you can see them disappear then reappear from scene to scene. And finally there's Freddie Benson the web shows nerdy cameraman and technical adviser who has a major crush on Carly but will obviously get nowhere with her who's played by Nathan Kress.<br /><br />Other secondary characters come and go such as Freddies mother Carly's grandfather annoying teachers and many of their annoying little school friends to round out the cast. Most of the comedy is mean spirited like blowing up Lewbert the Doorman as a gag throwing a water balloon at a teacher and knocking over the table of young girl scouts selling cookies. All of the adults come off as complete idiots while the children are all knowing and certain main characters have absolutely no morals. Lying cheating stealing and violence all are acceptable in this children's show created and written by Dan Schneider Yes... it's a children's show! What more could the young viewers ask for?? Well with Dan Schneider we can expect to have the young girls dress in tight clothes and bikini's and do some odd things like sticking their tongues out for the camera and eating banana's.<br /><br />Shows like this are just what the young crowd likes though and I guess no worse then any of the other garbage Nick shovels at its young crowd. There's always fans to be found for anything seen on TV at least this is a bit better then most of the stuff seen on Nick like that horrible Naked Brothers show.
critique5086 I couldn't believe this was the same director as Antonia's Line.<br /><br />This film has it all a boring plot disjointed flashbacks a subplot that has nothing to do with the main plot what so ever and totally uninteresting characters. It was painful to watch. Soooo painful.
critique5087 I'm sorry to say that this movies was one of the biggest disappointments of the year. Following one of the biggest disappointments in movie monster match up history you would think that they would learn from the mistakes of the previous incarnation. The sequel falls into many of the same traps the plot line was completely forced the dialog was so bad that the film might be better on mute and the action was contrived and far from the heart pounding brilliance of each monsters original films. The best part of AVP-Requiem is in fact the trailer which as you go through the movie end up realizing that almost every single death and every really cool shot in the movie was already shown in the trailer which leaves little to be revealed and little to be excited about. I gave the movie an extra star for letting see the extra hot female in the almost nude. the movie played out like a color-by-number sci-fi monster fest which also played into the fact that nothing was a surprise when it happened because you'd seen it a thousand times before. the main failing with both these movies is that the creators thought that setting the films in our time would make us be interested in the story more as if it may one day happen to us. but what drew people in when they released the arcade game back in the day was that it kinda took place within an over the top futuristic version of the ALIEN trilogy time line which allowed more of a suspension of disbelief. this is where the future movies need to draw inspiration from. because to be honest seeing a waitress killed by the ALIEN we all have feared since childhood just really doesn't do it for us. lets take the series back to its roots. learn from the former masters and don't mess with a winning formula by trying to make a 'bold new vision' we liked the originals for a reason we want to see that again. Lastly the ending is the real WTF moment of the whole film *SPOILER* after the big climax the survivors are ambushed by Special-Ops soldiers who justify their horrific actions by saying 'we were following orders' and then turn on a dime and start acting all nice and are turned into saviors. then after the long pull back with one of the survivors looking ominously into the heavens we cut to the most bizarre cliffhanger I've ever seen with characters you never saw in the rest of the movie (Save the Government Dude) then with all the subtlety of a punch to the face they reveal that there will be yet another film with the hint of a plot line that would make a sci-fi channel original movie blush and turn up its nose. So in summation if you have to choose between this movie and doing any other activity on the face of the Earth skip the movie and do the other thing instead.
critique5088 A boring movie about a miserable loser...that's Factotum in a nutshell. Matt Dillon plays Henry Chinaski alter ego of author Charles Bukowski upon whose novel the film is based. As we meet Chinaski he may be a writer but he's certainly not a successful one. He floats through life getting fired from one menial job after another and not caring a bit. The fact that he's always drunk may have something to do with his not caring. He meets a woman Jan played by Lili Taylor and a relationship ensues. Chinaski moves into Jan's apartment and now instead of getting drunk by himself he can get drunk with somebody else. Good times. Eventually he's had enough of this relationship so Chinaski strikes out on his own. Unfortunately he still can't hold down a job so soon enough he's broke. At this point Marisa Tomei shows up and for some reason her character Laura decides to rescue this miserable drunken loser whom she doesn't even know. We soon meet some of Laura's acquaintances and the film veers off into a sort of bizarro world with this rather eclectic bunch. Soon enough Tomei and friends are out of the picture and once again we're left with Chinaski and his drinking and his miserable little life. There's some more time spent with Jan but mostly there's just time spent being a drunk unemployable loser. And then the movie's over and not a moment too soon. 94 minutes of absolute monotony and it seems infinitely longer as the movie drags on. Nothing happens. Nothing ever happens. If you want to spend an hour and a half of your life watching Matt Dillon drink then this is the movie for you. If you're looking for a compelling story well developed characters or any entertainment value whatsoever then you've come to the wrong place. Dillon's performance actually isn't bad at all. Too bad the movie which surrounds him is in fact rather bad.
critique5089 I will keep this as short as possible as this piece of crap barely warrants a mention. ZOMBIE 90 is one of the worst films ever made - right up there with Schnaas' other horrible zombie entry - ZOMBIE DOOM (aka VIOLENT SH!T 3). These films suck so bad that everyone involved in their creation should be shot. I somehow managed (barely...) to sit through ZOMBIE DOOM - but ZOMBIE 90 is so horribly inept - even when compared to Schnaas' other horrible film - that I had to fast-forward through everything after the first 10 minutes. ZERO acting skills inept gore horrible camcorder-style camera-work ridiculous dubbing...it just goes on and on. I really can't find a single thing redeeming about this garbage - and I can usually find SOMETHING redeeming in just about ANY film. This truly is one of the worst films ever made - You've been warned...1/10
critique5090 Having been born and raised in Odessa and having graduated from the "other" high school in the late 70's Odessa High School I had mixed emotions about this movie. I no longer live in Odessa but will always be a Texan at heart. I didn't like the way that this town of 80000 plus was portrayed as a dirt poor small town. If I'm wrong about this please feel free to correct me but I believe OHS also plays in the town stadium and the "Home of the Permian Panthers" sign that was shown at the stadium used to be at the practice field at Permian. I would have liked to have seen a little acknowledgment about the cross town rivalry of the big game in town every year OHS vs Permian. I am curious why the outcome of the game was altered though I think it would have been just as dramatic if the real outcome was portrayed. Overall the movie was okay made me a little homesick remembering the "good old days" of MOJO.
critique5091 Don't see this movie. Bad acting and stupid gore effects. A complete waste of time. I was hoping to see a lot of cool murders and hot chicksinstead the director depended on animal slaughter videos to shock you the watcher. Disgusting. The murders are pretty lame basically strangulation. One woman he stuffs worms in her mouth one he puts raw hamburgers on her face and strangles her. BTK = BTK broiler burger king's "killer" new sandwich....ha ha. I don't think this movie relied too much on actual facts. I mean he real BTK killer didn't carry around a bunch of rodents scorpions and worms..and oh yeah...a slaughtered cow head too. Go figure.
critique5092 This isn't one of Arbuckle's or Keaton's better films that's for sure. Fatty's wife is tired of all his heavy drinking so she takes him to a sanitarium where a psychiatrist (Keaton) claims to have a guaranteed cure! Well once there Arbuckle accidentally eats a thermometer and is taken to surgery. Then he escapes and is chased about the place where he meets a cute girl who also wants to escape. Finally despite staff chasing them about they escape at which point it becomes apparent that the girl is crazy and Arbuckle is soon recaptured. However he awakens and everything AFTER the surgery has all been a dream--there was no sexy crazy girl and Dr. Keaton isn't as big an incompetent as he seemed in the dream.<br /><br />A lack of humor is the biggest problem with the film. Sure making fun of mentally ill people is pretty low but in its day it was guaranteed laughs. I'd laugh too if there was just something funny to respond to! A lot of energy and that's all.<br /><br />FYI--during one of the chase sequences Fatty wonders into a race for men over 200 pounds (wow what are the odds of that?). And shortly after this he backs into a post on which the number 5 was just freshly painted. As a result the five is now on the back of Fatty's shirt and he looks like a regular participant. HOWEVER the number SHOULD have appeared backwards on Fatty's shirt but came out front-ways--a mistake as they should have realized the mirror image would have been a backwards 5.
critique5093 i never made any comment here on IMDb but as i saw this movie i cant be quiet. i just set up my account here only because this horrible movie. in two words this movie is PURE CRAP. the movie has no sense at all! Nothing makes sense in this movie. Watching this movie was pain all the way. I don't understand why Val Kilmer agreed to do this movie. He plays a minor role as a gang leader says few words and he is there like 5 minutes total.<br /><br />I bought this DVD based only because of Val Kilmer name on the box and the interesting pictures on the cover.<br /><br />As was stated in other review Moscow Zero stole my money and I want it back!!! The title of the movie itself brought the clue about the rating everyone should give it: ZERO
critique5094 I was not impressed about this film especially for the fact that I went to the cinema with my family in good faith to see a film which was certificate rated 12A here in the UK. To my dismay this film was full of embarrassing sexual jokes. (Which is not a problem to me as an adult but not good for watching with children). This film at times was very crude at times with fart jokes getting hit in the groin etc... and for the most part of the film not very funny.<br /><br />The premise of the film is that Calvin Sims who is a 2inch midget gets out of jail and steals a giant sized diamond but is then forced to put it in a womens handbag. So the rest of the movie sees him passing himself off as an abandoned baby getting into this womens house so he can get this diamond back.<br /><br />Up until now I have enjoyed most of the output from the Wayans Brothers - but this film is certainly taking the biscuit.<br /><br />A Bit of good advice - wait till it comes on TV or Cable
critique5095 Tamara Anderson and her family are moving once again as her itinerant painter father chases his next landscape. Fifteen years old she is in her rebellious stage. Already angry at her father for their frequent relocations her anger is exacerbated when her mother is suddenly confined to a sanatorium for tuberculosis. Her mother's absence causes Tamara to lash out at her father and seek comfort in religion the boy next door Rusty as well as the spirit of the dead teenager who used to live in her rented house.<br /><br />The story is modest to a fault. It's oddly paced and even during its emotional scenes there isn't any tension. The actors portraying the parents are fine. Alberta Watson is incredibly charismatic as the sick mother and Maria Ricossa is particularly effective as the guilt-ridden mother of the dead teenager. But Katie Boland as Tamara is too amateurish to carry the movie. The dialog is very natural and Boland can't quite pull it off. She has her moments and when she hits them she can be good but there were too many times when she came off awkward. One can see her thinking 'ok this is what my line is and this is the face i'm supposed to make' rather than actually reacting to the other actors. She's not the only one Kevin Zegers as Rusty and Megan Park as his sister Brenda also suffer from stilted delivery but at least they're in fewer scenes.<br /><br />If done right the screenplay could have made her an affecting movie. And it has it moments but much of it is bogged down with an amateurish lead performance and flat directing.
critique5096 I like underdogs. So 12 years after having first seen Star Trek V and thinking it was bizarrely bad I gave it a second watch hoping I would find some redeeming quality which I missed the first time around.<br /><br />I didn't.<br /><br />The writing is half-baked and although at first the quality of the acting is stable enough to keep the movie on its feet (albeit shakily) the further we get into the plot the sillier it gets. The last quarter of the film is just plain ridiculous. What was even worse from the original cast's POV is that this was the first ST movie to be released AFTER the franchise returned to television with Next Generation and the average episode of Next Generation would put this to shame* - including the special effects! What an embarrassment.<br /><br />The Final Frontier isn't thoroughly wretched - I gave it 4 out of 10 - but it's so far below the standard of its predecessors (yes including the first one) that the only reason I can think of to watch it is because you'll appreciate the other movies more.<br /><br />* unless it's an episode with Troi's mother in it.
critique5097 This film gives a look at the suffering a family experiences at the death of a child and the healing that can finally come to them.<br /><br />The family learns of the death of their son on Christmas Eve 1991 ruining the Christmas season for them. They do not celebrate it again for many years. There is an interesting comment by the daughter that will remind viewers to consider the needs of surviving children in such a situation.<br /><br />The Matthew character makes a reference to Jesus but I suspect that other comments he makes come from non-Christian sources. I wonder if any other viewers would recognize those comments. If so it would be an interesting addition to the data on this movie.
critique5098 I'm really surprised seeing all these positive reviews for this movie. Don't get me wrong it's not that I don't like 'these kind of movies'.<br /><br />While I very well can enjoy a good mindless Hollywood action blockbuster like Die Hard 4.0 I like the 'dogma' kind of movies or 'real-life-as-it-is'-movies just as much IF they are well made.<br /><br />A good example is Festen (1998): no music no dramatic camera angles no special fx no fancy locations. Just a good story combined with excellent acting and the result is an excellent movie.<br /><br />Is Nine Lives devoid of dramatic camera angles special fx and fancy locations? Yes. Is it a good movie? I'm glad you asked. <br /><br />The answer is: Absolutely not.<br /><br />First of all everyone is raving about the acting performances. I'm terribly sorry but you can act all you want but if the story and the dialogue is not believable the acting falls on its behind immediately. And that is exactly the case with Nine Lives.<br /><br />Not once did I have the feeling while watching 'Nine Lives' that I was watching real people having a real conversation. I had the feeling I was watching actors trying to come across as 'real characters' while they were were saying things a 'real person' would never say under the circumstances.<br /><br />You can hardly call it a SPOILER but there are some dialogue excerpts below. If you think that reading ten lines of (ridiculous) dialogue will ruin your movie experience STOP READING HERE. If you want a good laugh continue reading.<br /><br />The dialogue was often so ridiculous that it was tragical. You want examples? Plenty of those in 'Nine Lives'.<br /><br />EXAMPLE1:<br /><br />Picture this. Couple visits their filthy rich friends in their new mansion. Woman sees this castle of a house and says to her husband:<br /><br />Woman: I could get used to this (meaning the expensive house). Man: Don't. Woman: Why not? It could be. Man: No. They are who they are and we are who we are. Woman: I like the sound of that -- we are who we are.<br /><br />She likes the sound of that? Her man is acting like a jerk but she likes the sound of that. Then an elderly couple walks past them holding hands. This is what the woman comes up with:<br /><br />Woman: Look! They are like children after school. They lived through so much. Shared everything. I love you.<br /><br />They are like children after school? And then the most overused clichÃƒÂ© lines you ever heard? Finishing with 'I love you'? She says this while her man is being a jerk to her? Yes very logical very realistic NOT. If anything this kind of dialogue made me wanna strangle some of the characters in the movie for saying these horrible horrible things.<br /><br />EXAMPLE 2:<br /><br />Elderly mom dad and younger daughter at a funeral. Dad: I didn't realize Andrew was religious. Mom: It's for comfort. Daughter: It's for strength. Mom: Life is fleeting. Dad and daughter BURST OUT LAUGHING. <br /><br />Yeah this one-liner cracks me up any time especially at a funeral! Sorry I must have missed the joke here.<br /><br />And it goes on and on and on....<br /><br />How about the camera work? Don't even go there. 'Boring' would be a compliment. It supposed to come across as 'realistic'; instead you miss half of the actors facial expressions (the only thing left to watch in this movie) while half the time the camera is aimed at someone's back or side instead of the face.<br /><br />Conclusion? Well don't say I didn't warn you! It's a good movie to rent if you want to make out with your date or something during the movie because you won't even care whether the movie is playing or not after the first five minutes.<br /><br />Overrated and more boring than watching grass grow kinda sums it up.
critique5099 I see what the director was trying to do but he missed the mark. The main actor was really good but the editing around his moments takes you out of it. The camera work ie lighting and exposer is kind of amateur which I could forgive if the direction was more fluent but it wasn't. The sound was a bit off and that takes you out of the film as well. I see could see this director doing a little bit better in the future so not a total right off but don't expect a dv movie nearly as good as 28 days later or anything keep your expectations low and you'll get more out of it. At least it was only an hour and a half. Oh yeah and other than the lead the acting was pretty bad if you ask me. But I'm a movie snob so take that for what that's worth.
critique5100 In addition to the fact that this is just an abysmally made film (imagine giving a camcorder to the average high school drama club) the people who think that there is anything "real" about this legend need to grow up. This is the 21st century. Guess what: ghosts don't exist. Most people learn that from their mother when they're about 5 years old. You guys seriously need to grow up.<br /><br />The fact that a fraud was perpetrated nearly 2 centuries ago does not make it any less a fraud. The fact that a large number of inbred hillbillies from Tennessee believe it doesn't do it either. Go to college. Or at least finish high school.
critique5101 <br /><br />Upon concluding my viewing of "Trance" or "The Eternal" or whatever the producers are calling this film I wondered to myself "Out of all of the bad movies I could have seen couldn't I have at least seen one that was entertaining?" Even if a film is not well made in terms of acting directing writing or what have you it can at least be fun and therefore worthwhile. But not only is this film bad in artistic value it's incredibly boring. For a plot of such thinness it moves awfully slowly with little dramatic tension. At the very least in a low-brow attempt at entertainment the deaths of the characters could have been cool and/or gory but the creators of this dreck failed in that department as well.<br /><br />What does this movie have going for it? Pretty much nothing unless you get entertainment out of watching Christopher Walken who is capable of being brilliant put so little effort into his acting that he falls into self-parody mode (WHY did he decide to do this film anyway?).<br /><br />I give this film 3/10 because God help us there actually have been worse movies made before.
critique5102 This program is really overrated. A detective like Danny Pino's hot-headed character would have been transferred to the "rubber gun squad" years ago. The whole squad is made up of sanctimonious egomaniacs who judge people whose actions go back decades by the standards of 2007. Every Vietnam veteran character they've ever had has turned out to be the killer unless it was another Vietnam veteran. There has only been one black murderer and he was put up to it by his white boss. The only Hispanic killer was a "race traitor" who killed another Hispanic to frame a Hispanic street kid for a crime that (naturally) two rich white kids committed. What a bunch of propaganda. Heyscreenwriters: minorities and poor people commit murder too. Only on this show are most murderers upper-class whites.<br /><br />What's more the arrests of people in their 70s 80s and 90s for crimes they committed 50-60 years ago are a joke. No real-life DA will push for murder one because it means the state will be stuck with their humongous medical bills until they finally kick. The state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor. The prosecutor will just plead them to involuntary manslaughter and they won't serve a day. The only really old criminals who go to prison are either organized crime figures or ex-Nazis whose high-profile convictions boost DA's careers.
critique5103 Oh dear. This movie could have been sub-titled "When writers go on strike!" What a stinker. I had really high hopes for this mostly after reading IMDb reviews which makes me wonder about the whole IMDb rating system but that's a separate matter. I loved Steve Carrell in Anchorman Bruce Almighty The Office etc so I was expecting great things. To say I was disappointed is the understatement of the year. There are so many things wrong with this movie but I'll confine myself to (a) the implausibility of ANY family behaving like these people do (A mass aerobics workout? What planet is THAT real life on?) the clunky script (a murderer of love? Please) and the fact that the character of Dan is so unlikable you find yourself wondering what the girl saw in him to make her fall in love with him? This movie was filled to bursting with clunky dialogue creaking direction ridiculous set-scenes and it was slow slow slow. We would have walked out after half an hour if we'd not been with my parents who don't get out much and don't like to waste money. Unlike the makers of this movie who would have been better off throwing all the cash spent making this movie into a bonfire - that would have been more entertaining. If you like movies avoid this like the plague.
critique5104 This movie is stupid and i hate it!!! i turned it off before it reached half i hate this movie. Amitabh sucks in this movie i wanna throw eggs at the person who directed this movie. This movie is stupid and i hate it!!! i turned it off before it reached half i hate this movie. Amitabh sucks in this movie i wanna throw eggs at the person who directed this movie. This movie is stupid and i hate it!!! i turned it off before it reached half i hate this movie. Amitabh sucks in this movie i wanna throw eggs at the person who directed this movie. This movie is stupid and i hate it!!! i turned it off before it reached half i hate this movie. Amitabh sucks in this movie i wanna throw eggs at the person who directed this movie. This movie is stupid and i hate it!!! i turned it off before it reached half i hate this movie. Amitabh sucks in this movie i wanna throw eggs at the person who directed this movie.
critique5105 This belabored and sloppy spy melodrama featuring two buffoonish (one idealistic one drug addled) California kids dealing secrets to the KGB never seems to get enough steam up to sustain any tension and suspense before it dies a very slow death over two hours later. John Schlesinger's finished product gives the impression that he was asleep in his director's chair most of the time as the film lags and the actors sleep walk save for the highly annoying over the top performance of Sean Penn. <br /><br />Childhood altar boys and friends Chris (Tim Hutton) and Daulton (Penn) devise a plan to sell secrets to the KGB when Chris lands a job that allows him access to top secret government materials. Disillusioned by what he sees as US meddling in foreign affairs the idealistic Chris and the drug hungry Daulton make contact with the Russians and begin to funnel them classified materials. When Chris decides he wants out things begin to unravel at a lackadaisical pace. <br /><br />The eighties were not kind to distinguished director John Schlesinger. In the 60s and 70s he had a series of critically acclaimed films in both England and America but then came Honky Tonk Freeway in 1981 and it marked the beginning of the end. The Falcon and the Snowman more or less put a lid on it. Lacking the suspense of Marathon Man and the quality performances (Hoffman Voight Christie Jackson Finch Olivier) he had coaxed from leads in the past Falcon goes in circles most of the way. <br /><br />Sean Penn chews scenery from start to finish in such an obnoxious fashion you find yourself encouraging his torturers to do more to him. Tim Hutton is governed by his limited acting chops and most of his scenes show a need for more rehearsal time. Lori Singer as Hutton's girlfriend plays it mute most of the way with Schlesinger content to film her vapid expressions. When she does emote you understand why. Only David Suchet as the KGB handler with a piercing eyed introspective presence and restraint acquits himself well.
critique5106 I see people writing about how great this movie was. It was horrible! The acting was sub-par at best. It made a lot of money because teenage girls went to see the movie 7 times in the theaters because of Leonardo. Where the hell did they get the money? Anyway I wanted to learn more about the Titanic; why it sank what was running through a lot of people's minds; maybe even a little conspiracy stuff. Does anyone realize that certain people didn't even board the ship because there was a fire on board before it even took off? No you don't because all you see is a rich girl falling for a poor boy and he paints her naked (did that corny junk at least tip you off that the movie was stupid?).<br /><br />I did cry in during one scene though. The scene when they showed the water that was filling up in the ship. It looked like pool water! I'm thinking this movie made all this money and they couldn't even make the water from the ocean look real? unbelievable...<br /><br />Ohhh the band played on while the ship sank.. Just ridiculous. This was the worst movie until Pearl Harbor outdid it in the "Nothing to Do With Reality" department.
critique5107 This sure is one comedy I'm not likely to forget for a while.<br /><br />Wouldn't normally bother to comment on this movie: it's so minor that no one would watch it anyway but as it happens it's kind of popular in p2p sharing networks such as Kazaa and so this saaad production needs to be exposed for what it is.<br /><br />So what is it then? Well of course it's not really a comedy; instead it's intended as a horror flick -- "intended" very much being the key word here. The script is a totally incoherent and unbalanced mess the special effects are only special in that they're especially pathetic and as for the acting well let's just say that if this had been my graduating play at primary school my teachers would have burst out crying at our talent.<br /><br />Of course I realise that this is a very low budget film and that in those cases one should lower one's expectations certainly as far as things like special effects are concerned. Also even though I'm a big fan of the horror genre I'm aware that these movies are only rarely the places to look for interesting scripts and top notch acting.<br /><br />But still.<br /><br />B-movies often have some redeeming features to make up for the lack of funding such as humour. The only laughs in Cradle to Fear lie in the ridiculous performances. If you can find the humour in that--and I could for the first 20 minutes or so gradually dozing off after that--then that's going to be the only thing the movie has to offer. Oh that and two or three pairs of breasts.<br /><br />Woohoo how exciting.<br /><br />As for the story it's not even that it doesn't try to convey anything: the victims either use drugs and/or are involved in serious crime. The lesson: Watch out naughty boys and girls because one day you'll be made to pay for what you've done.<br /><br />I rest my case.<br /><br />So all in all a little bit of sex a fair amount of drugs but absolutely zero rock 'n roll.<br /><br />I rate this one 1 out of 10 but would go to 0 if I could. Or perhaps I wouldn't: it deserves a 1 for spelling the actors' names correctly in the titles. I mean that's something innit?
critique5108 When one of my friends recommended this to me raving about how well it was filmed the underlying themes and the general greatness of the film I obviously expected an amazing at least entertaining film.<br /><br />The two hours I spent watching this turned out to be a huge disappointing waste of my time.<br /><br />I understand that this movie is meant to be surreal but even in surreal movies there is something which anchors it down even if it is only in the slightest. This movie on the other hand felt forced and fake. A lot of the shots were unnecessary and watching it made me think the director was trying to hard to be artistic.<br /><br />The acting was poor and the relationships between characters were not nearly developed enough. Maybe that's just me missing something that others could see but I hadn't even realised there was any sort of attraction between Dae su and Migo before they started getting at it like rabbits randomly half way through the film. Then again maybe this film was just bad.<br /><br />I am not against violence in movies but in this one almost all of it was just unnecessary. Throughout all the fight scenes I felt myself cringing at how painfully clichÃƒÂ© it all was.<br /><br />And the plot? The word laughable comes to mind. I would be amused if I hadn't wasted two hours of my life following this poorly thought out and ridiculous plot. Despite all the movie's flaws by the end of it I was expecting something interesting to conclude it. I won't discuss the ending because I wouldn't want to "spoil" the movie for those who haven't seen it. Just that the metaphor "Be it a rock or a grain of sand in water they sink as the same." cannot be used as an explanation for everything.<br /><br />This entire movie was made for shock value and shock value only. I just hope sooner or later people will stop being so pretentious and recognise a bad movie for what it is. I've seen many other great Korean films and it depresses me that people have hailed Oldboy as the best.
critique5109 Watching this last night it amazed me that Fox spent so much money on it and got so little back on their investment. It's the kind of disaster that has to be seen to be believed.<br /><br />I'm sure that the first morning of filming Raquel Welch dusted off the shelf over her fireplace to prepare a spot for the Academy Award she would surely win for this daringly original movie. Oops. That's not what happened.<br /><br />The infighting on the set was detailed in print by Rex Reed and this helped the movie attain a reputation before it was even released. When it was finally released there wasn't the usual three ring circus of publicity. If I remember correctly in Houston it opened at drive-ins and neighborhood theatres and never played any of the big venues.<br /><br />I lay most of the blame on director Michael Sarne who was hot after having directed (the not all that good) JOANNA a film with music about young people in swinging mod London.<br /><br />If I recall correctly Fox wound up firing him and piecing the film together the best they could. That's why scenes play out in no particular sequence and characters appear and then vanish. An impressive supporting cast (Kathleen Freeman Jim Backus John Carradine Andy Devine and others) is wasted with nothing to do.<br /><br />To expand it to feature length there are numerous clips from Fox movies featuring stars like Carmen Miranda (in amazing footage from THE GANG'S ALL HERE) andLaurel and Hardy who never dreamed they'd be playing in an X rated movie.<br /><br />The X rating is due to occasional language numerous sexual perversions; however none of the characters seem to be having any fun. Maybe somebody involved with the film had a warped Puritan sensibility and figured that if they could make these things unappealing it wasn't bad to exploit them.<br /><br />This was one of the "youth" pictures that nearly bankrupted Hollywood in the 1970's. One writer joked that EASY RIDER (which was made for pocket change) was the most expensive movie ever made because so many films followed which tried and failed in the worst way to duplicate its success. Sixtyish once honored directors like Stanley Kramer and Otto Preminger made movies like RPM and SKIDOO in an effort to attract a young audience. White directors and writers attempted to make films to attract a Black audience. Those movies are locked somewhere in a vault and the two named and many others from that genre have never as best I know been out on home video or cable. They're the studios' deep dark secret.<br /><br />Raquel Welch's performance in this is all things considered very good. With the right direction and script she could played the type of sassy liberated women Rosiland Russel and Barbara Stanwyck specialized in. She looks great and has awesome costumes. Mae West is the liveliest seventy-something actress I've ever seen. On the one hand it's kind of heartbreaking to watch her attempt to capture her glory from years gone by but I'm sure she needed the money.<br /><br />If you want to see a big budget X-rated movie from this era check out BEYOND THE VALLEY OF THE DOLLS (also from Fox) because it doesn't take itself seriously. It's crazy kids playing with the equipment at a major studio. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE tries to Say Something. There just wasn't anyone who wanted to listen.
critique5110 An unbelievable plot laughable characters and obvious errors (in one scene where several grass huts are supposed to be burning a gas torch can be seen repeatedly trying to ignite one of the huts) this film is a real dog.
critique5111 There is nothing good to say about this movie. Read Revolution For the Hell of It or any of his other writings. Abbie was often dismissed as the clown-prince of the '60's but he was a man of ideas who used his cleverness his sense of humor and pop culture and his flamboyant personality to get attention to his ideas. The media too often concentrated on the man not the ideas and that's the problem with this movie too. Later in his life he did suffer from depression. But this flick is like a National Enquirer version of Abbie. He deserves better. If you don't know Abbie or his times this movie won't help.<br /><br /> This film lies. I give it a zero. <br /><br />
critique5112 **Warning - this review may contain spoilers ** <br /><br />The idea behind the character of Danny (Jet Li) is a good one - young boy is taken by hoodlum and raised to behave like a vicious pitbull controlled mainly by whether his collar is on or off his neck.<br /><br />However the writer did not know how to deliver this idea within the constraints of believability.<br /><br />He has Danny meeting a blind pianist Sam (Morgan Freeman) who has to be the most trusting fool a man ever was - along with his nit-wit endlessly babbling rather unattractive step-daughter Victoria (Kerry Condon). I was stunned by the way when I learned Victoria was supposed to be 18 - she looked 25 or 30 to me.<br /><br />Amazingly there is no romance between Danny and Victoria.<br /><br />When Danny turns up again wounded what does Sam do but take him straight home. Danny is out for 2 days but do these nit-wits take him to a hospital? Nooooo. I don't know if they even called in a doctor.<br /><br />Now Danny is obviously not a mentally stable person this is apparent from the get-go yet Sam takes him into his home where both he and his step-daughter could have been seriously harmed or even killed by this rather strange young man.<br /><br />Why Morgan Freeman took this insipid role in this asinine film I can't even begin to guess. Surely Mr. Freeman is not that desperate for a paycheck.<br /><br />Then we have Bob Hoskins as Bart the gangster who "owns" Danny - now you talk about a son of a gun that's hard to kill. The car Bart is in gets riddled with bullets that would have rivaled Bonnie and Clyde's demise. We think he's dead but no.<br /><br />Then we have another car accident - and yet again ol' Bart escapes unscathed.<br /><br />In addition to that we also have Danny fighting half a dozen tough guys at a time plus a scene where Danny has decided he doesn't want to fight any more. I don't care how much a person doesn't want to fight when it is down to the wire of you fight or you die I think anyone would fight.<br /><br />As I said in the subject heading - this film is about 40 miles outside the boundary of reality as we have come to know it. It's not just a case of suspending belief - it's completely beyond that.<br /><br />Furthermore I never did understand why Danny's mother who turns out to be a nice lady rather than the prostitute Bart claimed she is became mixed up with Bart and his gang and got shot. Maybe that was my fault I got distracted right about the time that scene came on--but it seemed highly unlikely she and Bart would have ever crossed paths.<br /><br />4 stars out of 10 - and that's being generous.
critique5113 For me it's a case you'll never understand if you didn't live it.. so read this to know why would i have such unlimited anger..<br /><br />I heard a lot about (Bruce Lee).. my father loved him.. my mother who hates any minor shot of violence loved him ! and how she talks till now about his " The Big Boss" aka "Fists of Fury"  and the experience of watching it at the Egyptian movies 1973 with all the gigantic success.. further to that I watched a real good movie about him (Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story - 1993).. so I found myself crying : where are your movies Bruce ?!! <br /><br />I went to the video store.. and it was dumb move.. (you'll know why !).. and waw.. I found a lot of Bruce Lee movies.. I selected one named (Bruce Lee in New Guinea) <br /><br />I did it to myself and watched that one.. OH GOD please forgive your servant.. I harmed myself but with no intended decision.. I wouldn't do it if I knew its evil damaging !! its mythical level of hideousness !! <br /><br />After that I didn't understand at all what's the big fuss about Bruce Lee as a great immortal star ???.. why anybody would care whether he is here or there.. this hero (whom I've watched !) is not that gifted and not that genius and of course is not that sexy ??? <br /><br />Until my father saw THIS star and he asked me to pause at any of his close ups and after he examined his face a little.. he told me in a very definitive way "this is not Bruce Lee" ! so I became too confused to ask : who's this silly guy anyway ??!! <br /><br />It was 2001.. 2 years after my first entry to the IMDb database.. therefore I tended to it immediately to know who the hell is that man.. and I discovered the truth.. he isn't Bruce Lee.. No my dear friends.. he is Bruce Li !!! <br /><br />And what a huge.. so huge difference !! I just want to know who can love that bad clone ?? Or god forbid .. love his repulsive movies.. I watched 2 of them and couldn't bear finishing the third ! <br /><br />After that I ignored all our video stores because its cheap cunning (writing on the posters that THIS IS Bruce Lee !??).. and I've got the original.. The one and only Bruce Lee who is such a great star indeed and Oh BOY he certainly had the right to immortality.. and no less.
critique5114 The movie opens up with a long single shot of aisles in factory crammed with workers. My what we've done to the planet you might think. I hope we get to see other things like this.<br /><br />That's very rare. When you're not looking at a horribly filmed angle of the narrator at a lecture hall you're watching him set up his camera to take pictures in different locations. It'd be nice if chose areas that were more fitting with his topic but he doesn't. So then you'll hear some more narration watch a few pictures go by and watch him set up his camera. Why not use the filming camera to show more of the landscapes instead? It really kills any sense of pacing and paints the guy as more of vain jerk.<br /><br />I could read tips on how someone set up their camera fast forward through this whole movie and waste a lot less time.
critique5115 If you have been to the east of Europe (or even in their armed forces) you might find this movie interesting. I don't know why calls this a comedy (sure there are a few funny moments) but it is not a good movie if one of the orderly officers talks for 15 min about the achievements of socialism on a Christmas dinner and the officers in general act like funny oafs the soldiers are running of the base to meet their girls at night and surprise surprise one of the girls is the daughter of the commander. The east German army was known for its abusive and humiliating service of its conscripted men and the comedy was basically not filmed on the facilities or with the equipment to make a good movie of the east German army and their time now gone by. Despite this some of the actors and actresses tried to act well but it came out only in the roles they're known for from East German TV and some small films. I would not recommend this movie to anybody it was basically boring and very cheap made.
critique5116 So.. what can I tell you about this movie. If you cheated a lot in high school you do recognize some cheattips...<br /><br />This is the best thing i can tell you about this film!<br /><br />If you like American-teen movies maybe you also like it!<br /><br />But i don't see this kind of movies as something funny.. sorry to say but if you are older then 10 years i shouldn't advise you to watch this.<br /><br />Because there is one shot with a couple of beautiful women (girls.. in this movie) i'll give it a rate of: 2!<br /><br />so.. deal for yourself! good luck
critique5117 ...when this movie was on.<br /><br />What a bore. An attempt at humor but really not pulling it off too well. Some good ideas were cast and the actors makeup and wardrobe were OK.<br /><br />I expected a lot more unfortunately I couldn't sit through any more of it I switched off halfway through the video and ejected the tape went to the rental store to get my money back...
critique5118 Gee what a crappy movie this was! I cannot understand what people find so scary about "The Grudge". The director plays one trick (I'd have to admit a very good one that is brought to life very stylized) and then he repeats it for the rest of the movie over and over again. As a consequence I startled a few times in the first quarter of the movie but once I knew the drill I practically fell asleep as The Grudge grew more and more predictable by the minute. To conclude I can say that there are a lot better movies in the genre to begin with that the so-called predecessor "The Ring" was way scarier and that buying a ticket for "The Grudge" is a waste of money.
critique5119 I don't know what this movie is about really. It's like a student's art school project. They never say why the world is dark but it is always darkness except for seconds a day. There are long interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for no reason. What little dialogue there is in the movie is as inane and nonsensical as the images. A black woman enters the main character's apartment. Somehow she becomes pregnant overnight then gets shot in the head. The main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges. I have never been so blown away by how bad and pointless a movie can be. Honestly I would like someone to watch it so they can tell me what they think it's about. But I wouldn't wish this level of hell on anybody else.
critique5120 I thought this film was a poor effort by the British film council - fell flat as hey come on Tim Robbins is an old guy and here is this beautiful young woman who falls straight for him as well. Like lost in translation its really hard to suspend disbelief in this context. It's a good looking film but lacks punch. When Tim Robbins is pretending to be psychic it looks like he has a small migraine. He looks uncomfortable and life less. The part where he is screening suspect employees at sphinx is laughable. If an investigator came to my factory the last thing I would do is tell him about my freckle fetish. It's obviously over-intellectual. Clumsy. The city is as it is a convenient backdrop. They obviously picked the most futuristic city they could (shanghai) as a backdrop but the city never really comes out and effects the characters as in for example blade runner where the characters of the city often intersect the story. slow as a wet week. No chemistry real dramatic high points so so plot.
critique5121 Frankly I'm rather incensed that on the basis of the dazzling reviews attributed to Steven Smith I wasted nearly two hours on his debut offering. Have they all been written by his pals? The action clunks along the music is irritating and over used the script is simply dire and the actors (with the exception of the gardener) mediocre at best. I do think we should support the efforts of a young filmmaker but saying it's brilliant when it's not will surely only encourage him to make the same mistakes again i.e. continuing to write his own scripts and using the same actors for another venture. Yes it's his first film low budget etc. - I get it but it's also out there for members of the public to purchase and it's just not up to scratch.
critique5122 Like all the Taviani Brothers films this one looks great but it is rotten to the core with false romanticism and coincidences heap upon each other in some facsimile of a "story". In actuality this is really just a sentimentally cheap tear jerker posing as an intellectually distinguished art film.
critique5123 It wasn't the most pointless animation film experience ever but it certainly can't be admired as much as it tries to be good. Combining Dreamworks animation and computer graphics this is the story of a mustang later named Spirit (Matt Damon providing the first person narration) and his journey through across the frontiers of the Old West. Basically he is born free amongst all the other horses in the beautiful countryside then he is kidnapped to be used as a saddle horse he manages to throw off all who try to ride him. However when he escapes his cage along with Little Creek (Daniel Studi) the two of them form a friendship oh and he obviously has a thing for Little Creek's female horse. In the end after a few more escapes being chased by The Colonel (James Cromwell) and his men and making a final big leap across a gorge Little Creek lets Spirit go and he also releases his female horse and they run home to their countryside and fellow horses. Also starring Chopper Bernet as Sgt. Adams Jeff LeBeau as Murphy/Railroad Foreman John Rubano as Soldier Richard McGonagle as Bill and Matthew Levin as Joe. I was expecting to see the horses talk in this film but it turns out to be more like a Dumbo thing throughout and the songs by Bryan Adams aren't the most engaging but it isn't a terrible film. It was nominated the Oscar for Best Animated Feature and it was nominated the Golden Globe for Best Song for Bryan Adams' "Here I Am". Okay!
critique5124 There's so little here of the fantastic Anne Rice book that what IS here makes no sense. Some of the characters--intense and surprising characters--don't make it to the screen at all and those who do are watered down to the point that there's no reason for their existence.<br /><br />Where's the relationship between Christophe and Marcel? Where's the continued affair between Marcel and Juliet? Why does Dolly Rose appear at all since her story's never explained? Where's the rape and redemption of Marie whose greatest attribute (and downfall) is that she can pass for white--and her marriage to Richard? Why does the film end with Marcel's beating at the hands of his father? We learn nothing of Aglae beyond that she's a bitch who hates her husband; why no backstory explaining this hatred? <br /><br />As for the performances there's not a one that's better than mediocre though that's likely due to the lousy script. Best of the lot is that of the actor playing Richard--but Richard's not on screen enough to salvage the film. Worst is Jasmine Guy as Dolly Rose though again it comes down to the actress having nothing to do with what little she's given to work with.<br /><br />All in all this is just terrible. I thought it'd be impossible for any Anne Rice book-turned film to be worse than EXIT TO EDEN but FEAST OF ALL SAINTS makes that mess look like a critical hit. How is it that Rice is such a slut she'll allow her best works to become such junk on the screen?
critique5125 Boy this movie is bad. And not in a good cheesy fun way either. Even MST3K couldn't stop it from being boring and it's also confusing as all get out. But the most annoying part of this dull mess is Ireland's hideous high pitched voice which I was tired of listening to in the first five minutes. Not to mention how really unappealing her character is. Even her Dad ran away and abandoned her! I can see why frankly. If he'd had to listen to her whine in her little mouse voice for more than a few minutes he'd have been tempted to do her a great harm. As I was by the end of the movie. Plus she's useless and annoying. When she falls down the long hole in the earth a la Alice in Wonderland she'd have been done for in the first ten minutes if that inexplicably Australian accented miner hadn't kept saving her from all of the various plights she kept falling into. He should have just tied her to the Atlantean version of train tracks and been done with it. And this Atlantis underground with the weird confusing obsession with bone densityI have to ask-where was the light coming from down there? Did they have generators that imitate the sun? No matter. There's no real plot anyway just a bunch of oddly costumed Goth wannabees running around trying to catch Kathy(probably so that they can stick a gag in her mouth). Stupid pointless film. Thank you Golan Globus for this cinematic abomination. May you burn in the seventh ring of Hell for all eternity.
critique5126 I have no idea why they made this version of "Persuasion" when they already had that fine mini-series with Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds. I suppose that they wanted to make a feature-length version but of course a lot had to be deleted; alas what ended up on the cutting-room floor was all the lovely wit and humour leaving a film that was mere melodrama rather than an amusing exposition of English country manners and mores.<br /><br />Also the characters were shallow and uninteresting. They had poor Anne chasing up and down the streets after Captain Wentworth like a silly modern adolescent (and if you happen to be a silly modern adolescent reading this let me tell you: running after a male like a female in heat is NOT cool). That is something a well-bred woman of the Napoleonic era would never have done and certainly not this level-headed heroine.<br /><br />Some have said they found this antic laughable; my reaction was not laughter but outrage. The very idea of such a corruption of an Austen work is beneath contempt.<br /><br />It was ghastly.
critique5127 You may be interested to know that BARRICADE was viewed as a failure by the studio and shelved for a year before ALICE FAYE's popularity reached such a high that the studio decided to release the film despite the fact that it was never fully completed. It fared modestly OK at the box-office.<br /><br />Faye refers to a murder during her nightclub stint in New York City--and this scene was actually in the script and was the way the film was to start. Instead it is entirely missing and what could have been an exciting sequence (including a complete song number by Faye) was never filmed. However the rest of the story is pretty much intact and made release of the film possible at a running time of 71 minutes.<br /><br />A tired looking WARNER BAXTER is too old to be believable as Faye's romantic interest and is merely perfunctory as the broken down reporter. Audiences today would be offended by the depiction of Chinese using fractured English phrases like "Me likey make noisy". Key Luke is one of the Chinese loyalists but plays his role in a low-key straightforward way. Arthur Treacher is all but invisible and yet gets fourth billing on screen due to editing changes in the story. Originally Joseph Schildkraut had a role in the film but his part was eventually edited out.<br /><br />A mishmash of a film that will serve as entertainment only for the most die-hard Alice Faye fans who will get a chance to see her in a dramatic role--albeit a weak one. Charles Winninger is totally wasted as a kindly man running the American consulate.<br /><br />Despite all the weaknesses there are a couple of scenes involving narrow escapes that are effectively played and Karl Freund's B&W photography is top notch.
critique5128 It starts off pretty well with the accident and the decision not to return to LA. But everything falls into place too quickly. There is a decent plot twist towards the end but so many scenes that don't make sense. Randy (played by Brian Austin Green) comes home angry and ready to confront people and he takes the time to put on the club when he parks his car in front of his house in the middle of nowhere? I don't want to spoil it for anyone who does decide to see it but the last 45 minutes are ridiculous. Even the acting which wasn't bad early on turns bad towards the end. Don't bother unless you want to see how bad it is.
critique5129 This soap is worse than bad: it's poisonous. Of the many television shows that have had a corrosive influence on British society over the past twenty years Eastenders is the prime example. For two decades this show has celebrated the oaf the thug the wide-boy the tart the gobby the violent the sexually-incontinent the criminal the ignorant the unambitious ...<br /><br />How many times has someone or other remarked that Eastenders "mirrors life"? Life on which planet exactly? <br /><br />It's written about "working-class" characters as imagined by middle-class people who have taken a course in creative writing. Eager to show to their middle-class peers how familiar they are with the "working-class" they dream up the lumpen rabble that is the citizenry of Eastenders.<br /><br />This has a toxic effect on some minds less well-equipped than others to handle fiction and so we find members of the real population assuming the attitudes and demeanour of the inhabitants of Walford.<br /><br />Thus it came to pass that Eastenders mirrors life; but only after life had been hoodwinked into mirroring Eastenders.<br /><br />Other soaps have followed in EE's footsteps filled to their stinking gunwhales with ugly potato-faced shaven-headed pot-bellied characters scowling at each other and issuing threats constantly. This is the proletariat as perceived by the writers who produce this trash. The writers will grow rich on the proceeds of such output and will go on to enjoy the finer things of life in their rarified enclaves. Meanwhile the burgeoning number of new TV-induced drones will proceed inexorably toward cultural bankruptcy.<br /><br />And there you have the new priests and the new creatures of the early 21st century. Much of this is due to the immeasurable power of that illuminated boxful of dancing pixels in the corner of your living-room. It's your fault gentle reader: that's what you chose as the only window through which to look out from your prison.
critique5130 Whether or not this adaptation of the Marvel comic was made Ã‚Â– and shelved Ã‚Â– so its production company could retain the copyright to the characters it doesn't change the fact that it's utter rubbish. The Dr. Doom and (especially) Thing costumes are surprisingly good but everything else suffers from a deficit of either cash or talent. Director Oley Sassone can't even point a camera at stuff without including such howlers as a blind woman's POV the dialogue is absolutely dismal the team's costumes don't fit properly and the effects are appalling: the Human Torch seems to be drawn onto the film with felt tip pens while Mr. Fantastic's powers are brought to life using a bendy blue stick with a glove on the end. Joseph Culp compensates for having to wear a mask by wildly waving his arms about Jay Underwood is incredibly annoying the rest of the cast hit various levels of terrible and while it's hard not to feel sorry for all these guys who thought this movie would get a release it's equally difficult to imagine any of them believing it was actually any good.
critique5131 This show can most accurately be described as TV Bubble-Gum: It's chewing it has a good taste to it and it lasts a long time. But like Bubble-Gum it can leave a bad taste in your mouth after a few too many chews.<br /><br />This show features very simple questions that take the form of simply games like Hangman guessing a simple phrase or guessing items on a short list. Callers are the contestants and anybody can play.<br /><br />The questions though are terribly easy. There's some techno music pumped into the background that's fashioned into a continuous loop. It never seems to get old but it never adds much to the show anyway. The hostess however regardless of which one that it is extremely personable pleasant enough to watch and can make some very amusing facial expressions. I rather enjoy that British woman.<br /><br />But there's nothing to this show. It's simplistic and uncompelling although it can be entertaining if absolutely nothing else is on.
critique5132 Oh Gawd. I want to time travel back to Monogram Studios and throttle someone in their 2 room front office for this sloppy musical. It is one watt above flat-lining for 60 of its 61 minutes and then actually shows (for the one thin minute spread in milli-second blips across the hour) that there is real life talent being badly photographed.I just don't see the point of going to some trouble to actually make this film that could easily be energetic and actually funny and allow lethargy to be the main thing on view. The weird storyline shows cranky vaudeville trouper Grace Hayes bulldozing her blowsy way into a college where her rat-bag son is rich college clown. She's gonna fix his playboy ways no matter what.Her real life son (weird looking) Peter Hays plays her screen son. His real life wife plays her secretary. Talk about nepotism. I suspect this talent package was almost the raison d'etre for Monogram financing this back-lot musical produced by resident schlockmeister extraordinaire Sam Katzman. As with other Monogram musicals it just looks more like a reason to film recent new furniture purchases and light fittings in order to show off to other studios that Monogram Pictures are 'lavish' in their B grade ways. Have a ghastly look at SWING PARADE OF 1946 for genuine evidence of this: they just constructed this gigantic nightclub set then found an excuse to film actors and musicians running all over it. Story? None. Anyway ZIS BOOM BAH is more BAH than BOOM. Where was Gale Storm and Mantan Mooreland when Monogram really needed them? Probably standing at the boom gate of PRC Pictures wondering if it looked safe to enter there. Junior jive hepster Roland Dupree springs to life to rappety tap his teen legs around two wobbly dance numbers especially in the 'big show' finale set in the new and expanded malt shoppe/club set. The usual crumpled curtains are loosely hanging on the back wall and the stage set of mis matched drapery even has one dark main rag that is yanked back and forth as each amateur sequence elbows past the previous one. The chorus girls and their very plain looking partners in this finale just look like Monogram office staff borrowed (from typing and carpentry) for the morning of filming. They have absolutely no dance talent and are so ordinary on screen... ALL the girls look like they are all called Joyce. There is even a costume calamity where they wear frilly hot-pants...on one leg only. It is all so awful and crummy...and actually annoying when one more tweak up by all concerned would result in ZIS being actually FUN. The one strangely interesting thing is the dialog delivery between Grace and her son/daughter in law: it is so casually delivered that it actually works in spite of the script and logic. She has a very life like presence which is the only thing that allows the ridiculous story to be slightly compelling. The Dupree kid is the real star. He can actually do something...in spite of looking like a tubby Liberace tap dancing teen... You read that right.
critique5133 This movie is awful. If you're considering to see this movie... two words DO NOT. It's tasteless the storyline is really lame and the jokes are even worse. The acting is really pathetic. I can't believe that this movie was made. Rather watch American Pie Going Greek or Road Trip if you're in the mood for a teen comedy. It's about two girls who head for Malibu on their Spring Break. As usual they didn't do much planning and called (i think her names Michelle)'s uncle to crash at his Malibu mansion. Uncle Bennie strictly forbids them of having any kind of party and as you would of guessed they go ahead and do it. Please I urge you do not see this movie.
critique5134 The Cat in the Hat is just a slap in the face film. Mike Myers as The Cat in the Hat is downright not funny and Mike Myers could not have been any worse. This is his worst film he has ever been in. The acting and the story was just terrible. I mean how could they make the most beloved stories by Dr. Seuss be made into film and being one of the worst films of all-time and such a disappointment. I couldn't have seen a more worst film than this besides maybe Baby Geniuses. But this film is just so bad I can't even describe how badly they made this film. Bo Welch should be fired or the writer should. <br /><br />Hedeen's outlook: 0/10 No Stars F
critique5135 I was invited to an early screening of the movie about four months before it was released. I had to watch the film and later fill out a packet on my thoughts. It was THE hardest thing to sit through on earth. The show just crawls by and you quickly begin wishing you were dead. The thing is there are two types of Mormon films. The good ones with actual good stories and the crappy ones that just plain stink. Saints and Soldiers now there is a good movie. But with these wannabe-comedies the writers and the actors just try too hard. Basically they try to be funny when they are not. No wonder why there is such a small target audience for these films; they're filled with 'inside jokes' that aren't funny to begin with and they just try to poke fun at average things. It's the story that makes the movie and the stories for these movies are just weak. I bet you can guess what my packet looked like when I was told to fill it out after the movie. ;)
critique5136 Remember a film you seemed to enjoy in the past that doesn't quite meet those same feelings as an adult? That occurred to me when I went back to school..the National Lampoon's Class Reunion. The film has a perfect opportunity for laughs but surprisingly wanders aimlessly as we see a bizarre collection of characters such a woman who sold her soul to the devil and can shoot out flames of fire from her mouth a man who appears to be a vampire and a lunatic killer dressed as a woman and wears sacks over his head. You have the class president who believes he's the best thing since sliced bread(but as we see in the film he's a coward and joke) a couple of pot smokers who don't even know they are at their own class reunion and a man named Gary for whom know one even knew existed(and no one can seem to remember his name..this is the one running joke I enjoyed). There is a plump pervert who likes to grab women in inappropriate places a deaf and blind woman who has a screeching holler when calling for her dog and the cook(you know her from "goonies" and "Throw Mama From The Train")who loves to place food on people's plates with her hands! The film is essentially about a nutcase who is(or at least attempting to)taking revenge on his classmates for a gag they pulled on him(they arranged for him to sleep with his own twin sister!). The film follows the characters as they search for the killer canvasing darkened trashed hallways of the old high school. They were told of the killer by his psychologist who seems a bit odd himself. The film has a few good gags that work(pretty much early on) but the film slowly gets worse each passing minute. The film's true problem is that it really doesn't know where to go. The film is pretty much a one-joke premise for it has unassured direction..if it really has any direction at all. The cast is enthusiastic enough but the material they are to make funny just doesn't have the quality to hold any interest. It's a curio for fans of early 80's comedy relics that are forgotten(this one rightfully so).
critique5137 Ah yes the 1980s  a time of Reaganomics and Sly  Chuck and a host of other action stars hiding in a remote jungle blowing away commies . At the time I couldn`t believe how movies like RAMBO  MISSING IN ACTION and UNCOMMON VALOR ( And who can forget the ridiculous RED DAWN ? ) made money at the box office  they`re turgid action crap fests with a rather off putting right wing agenda and they have dated very badly . TROMA`S WAR is a tongue in cheek take on these type of movies but you`ve got to ask yourself did they need spoofing in the first place ? Of course not . TROMA`S WAR lacks any sort of sophistication - though it does make the point that there`s no real difference between right wing tyrants and left wing ones - and sometimes feels more like a grade z movie than a send up . Maybe it is ?
critique5138 This should not have been made into a movie. Everything about it was idiotic and I don't think I laughed even once. There were bits and pieces that were okay I guess but that's about it. A lot of parts were strikingly similar to a lot of other movies which did them a hell of a lot better. There were some famous actors/actresses in this but no one did a good job they must've just not cared. This is one of those movies that tries to have a "cute" ending but it was so idiotic that it literally had no redeeming values. Carrot Top is probably the worst comedian out there right now. Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this one!<br /><br />Final Decisions:<br /><br />Movies : NOOOOO!<br /><br />Purchase DVD : Absolutely not!<br /><br />Rental : Only if you've seen EVERYTHING else and have a free coupon but even then it's still not worth your while.
critique5139 this movie let me down decidedly hard. it was a great concept that was ruined with a horrible script. The story just didn't flow and was disjointed at best. There were so many elements to this story that were not explained or were forced into place with out any real thought. elements like the love story could have been expanded on a bit more and the cannons need to be written in better. the whole main character growing up thing needed more about the training he was receiving and less standing around. everyone likes a good "little guy overcomes" story and this showed promise but with the scripting failures wasn't to be. While it did have some pyrotechnics in the final battle sequence it was lackluster due to a lack of choreography. this made for a maddeningly boring watch<br /><br />it could have been so good :(
critique5140 Wow. I went to the video store tonight because I was in the mood for a bad B Horror movie and I found this Gem. I looked at the cover and I thought it looked like just the movie for my mood. I brought it home and put it on.<br /><br />This movie was not the B Horror movie that I had in mind. This was MUCH worse. I wanted a bad movie but what I got I didn't know that crap like this existed amongst man. This movie seemed like a 5 year old wrote and directed it and that is being nice about it.<br /><br />I am an aspiring director and this movie made me so mad that someone out there is actually paying this guy to direct movies. He needs to work at a garbage dump shoveling crap where he belongs.<br /><br />If you are thinking about renting this or buying it. I will tell you the same thing that I would tell someone getting ready to commit suicide. "DON'T DO IT IT'S NOT WORTH IT!" I really have nothing nice to say about this movie. DON'T DO IT!
critique5141 The Haunting is yet another bad horror remake with phony overdone special effects and a big cast of on screen favorites and has no redeeming qualities whatsoever except maybe for the cinematography.Yes remakes aren't all bad but remakes directed by Jion Da Bont definitely are.I suppose that the A-List actors (Liam NeesonCatherine Zeta JonesOwen Wilson)are there to distract us from the boring plotridiculous special effects and terrible attempts at scaring it's audience however this is a movie not a tabloid magazine we don't care whose in it we care about the characters and story two things this film missed.The storyline is like taking the classic novel The Haunting Of Hill House and ripping out four chapters and then using whatever's left for the film it is so boring and a lot of it is unexplained.The characters are pretty thin and while the acting is good you don't really care about any of the characters at all.Lily Taylor gives a horrendous performance and sounds like she's 8 years old when delivering her lines not to mention what a horrible screamer she is.Lily Taylor isn't made for the horror genre at all.The ghosts are stupid and cheesy they look like a bunch of Casper The Friendly Ghost's and the ghost of Hugh Cain looks like a fat guy dressed as the grim reaper for Halloween with a smoke machine.There is this creature on the roof of one of the rooms that is a giant purple mouth and it's not even funny unintentionally just plain sad.The house is pretty and well designed that is probably the only positive thing about this movie it looks nice but that doesn't save it from it's brutal everything else.I can honestly say i felt like i was wasting my time watching The Haunting on TV for no price so I would've been even more pi$$ed if I had paid to see it but luckily it was on Scream Channel.Overall The Haunting is a boring remake that tries to overwhelm you with bad special effects a poor attempt at horror.
critique5142 House of the Damned (also known as "Spectre") is one of your low budget haunted house horror flicks filled with mediocre performances and cheap effects. It is about a family that inherits an old Irish mansion and after moving in begin to experience strange phenomenon and ghostly apparitions including the ghost of a young girl who was murdered and buried within a wall in the mansion's basement. The couple's young daughter is then whisked away into some other dimension and they seek help from a group of paranormal investigators for help.<br /><br />The ideas this film borrowed from the 1982 haunted house film "Poltergeist" are obvious. I will say that this movie does have some slightly creepy sequences but it is sometimes very very boring. The acting here is nothing special the mood is alright the score (which was mostly this dramatic Irish opera music) was somewhat annoying and the CGI special effects are really horrible. I mean it was 1996 you would think they could have done a little better than they did. The ending where the house was on fire was the poorest special effect I've seen very very cheap. But hey this was a cheap movie.<br /><br />Also the translucent monster wolf thing that their daughter sees looks horribly fake. And what was it's significance in the film anyway? What the heck does a wolf-monster have to do with a haunted house? The special effects in here are what really ruined this movie. The acting was pretty bad too. I usually enjoy many low budget horror films but not this one. "House of the Damned" is nothing special at all only consider watching it if you have nothing better to do. But you'll probably want to pass on it. 4/10.
critique5143 I'm not sure who should be blamed for this debacle - in truth the acting isn't too bad and the story isn't as terrible as some made-for-Disney movies have been. The story itself is shallow and undeveloped but that isn't surprising in a film of this type. The acting is more than a bit two-dimensional but I give the actors credit for managing to do anything with the material that they had to work with.<br /><br />However it's inexcusable in my book to base an entire storyline on the theory that they've created a 'perfect' pop star and then cast an actress who can't sing to save her life. If the girl can't sing have someone who can record the music!<br /><br />This actress is a TERRIBLE singer - she was so flat she was usually singing in a totally different key!
critique5144 This movie had so much potential. Anyone who followed the story of Jeffrey knows that there are so many details overlooked in this movie it's ridiculous. Too much time and effort was spent in the movie on Dahmer's homosexual tendencies and his alcohol consumption. Where was the character development? The origins of any villain are always interesting and Dahmer was no exception. Where in the movie does it address his adolescence when he began killing and mutilating small animals? Instead we are giving a dizzying array of flashbacks that seek to explain the origin of the killer but fail to address the major point in Dahmer's development. Also the reason why the country became so intrigued with this story was the details - how he stored the bodies in his apartment and the lengths and measures he went to to accomplish this; his cannibalism and his desire for flesh etc. I could go on but to sum up too many lagging points in the film focused on his sexuality and not enough of the gore - the good stuff you would expect to see when the title of the movie is "Dahmer."
critique5145 Kubrick may have been the greatest director of all times. He may have made more classics than anyone else. He may have been a perfectionist. But man was his first attempt ever bad!<br /><br />Kubrick had good reason to try to make this film dissappear from the map: it looks like an Ed Wood film. It has strange narration cheap shots bad dialogue ominous music reminiscent of your 50s sci-fi/horror flick and what looks like relatives of the cast of "Reefer Madness" going insane for no reason.<br /><br />Sure you can see an undeveloped Kubrick in there. It is a psychological/horror study of war. The characters became dehumanized and insane. There are people playing more than one role. There are constant shots of the faces and particular facial expressions of different people. And there are a few interesting shots around there. But really this is a mess.<br /><br />Of course I am not discouraging you from watching it. If you get a hold of it you are joining a select group of myself and a few thousand people world wide who have had access to it.
critique5146 I loved the first "American Graffiti" with all my heart and soul that I considered it to be the best movie about rock n' roll along with being the best teenager flick I've ever seen. The first film spawned the careers of George Lucas who would later do the blockbuster epic "Star Wars" before doing the prequels two decades later while making Richard Dreyfuss a star in Jaws Close Encounters of the Third Kind and other films as well.<br /><br />Somehow without those two the magic died off.<br /><br />"More American Graffiti" shows audiences what happened to the rest of the characters later on in the sixties where Steve (Ron Howard) and Laurie (Cindy Williams) are protesting against the Vietnam War while their friend Terry "The Toad" Fields (Charles Martin Smith) is in the war himself and trying to get out. John Milner (Paul Le Mat) is still the hot drag racer in California where he never quite left home. The rest of the supporting actors in the film from Candy Clark's Debbie (Terry's Girlfriend) to the Pharaoh's gang members along with Harrison Ford and others really don't do much. The original film showed teenagers cruising the streets without any bloodshed with the early music of rock n' roll from Buddy Holly The Fleetwoods Chuck Berry Fats Domino Bill Haley and the Comets Buddy Knox and more that brought back the nostalgia bug in classic music. The soundtrack for "More American Graffiti" is a mixture of rock soul country hippie music and whatever fitted the mood during the late 60's of protesting drugs sacrifices and more.<br /><br />After watching "More American Graffiti" it looked like it wanted to show audience members what happened after the title epilogue of the four main characters in the first film (with the exception of Dreyfuss's character) where it wasn't necessary. This film wasn't necessary either as I was glad to see that neither Lucas or Dreyfuss moved on to bigger and better projects.
critique5147 I agree strongly with some of the other critics of this film. I found it incredibly silly (at best) and downright misleading misinforming and harmful (at worst). Like others I found this film to be an awful mix of "real" science and pseudoscientific New Age propaganda. <br /><br />As a psychologist I was especially offended by Candace Pert's contributions. True I was not a fan of hers before this film but her discourse on the "consciousness" of cells was one of the best examples of taking a term ("consciousness") that has a predictable meaning to most people and using it in such a distorted manner as to cause it to obscure rather than clarify. It is an old Orwellian mind-f**k that the master himself described so well in his superb essay "Politics and the English Language." To refer to "consciousness" in this manner--indeed to refer to this film as "based in science" in general (which is its clear intent)--is to use language in the same manner employed by Stalin when he labeled his slave-states "democratic republics" and Hitler when he called his party a "socialist workers" movement.<br /><br />I don't claim to really understand quantum physics. I know enough about it to know that to really understand it would take considerable study. Ah but we Americans do love "instant enlightenment" and that's what this mistake of a film tries to accomplish. If it ASKED questions that would be one thing but it clearly attempts to ask and ANSWER them which no film could possibly do simply because we are far far away from the answers (if they indeed exist).<br /><br />By the way ethically this film needed a disclaimer about the association of several "expert commentators" with the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM) not to mention J.Z. Knight who often speaks in her "Ramtha" voice. (I'm always amazed at this channeled 10000 year-old Atlantean superman's grasp of 21st century concepts and terminology. But then again this film argues that the past present and future are all one and the same so if Ramtha existed in Atlantis 10000 years ago I suppose he could exist now and tomorrow. Only then how come his financial advice has been so incredibly bad for his followers? Oh I forgot I'm the creator of "good" and "bad" advice so it's all my fault not Ramtha's.)<br /><br />What a mess.
critique5148 SPOILERS (ALTHOUGH NONE THAT AREN'T REVEALED IN THE FIRST TWO MINUTES OF THE MOVIE)<br /><br />Robin Williams is actually quite good in this as the friendly lonely emotionally stunted loser Sy. He makes a very human even sympathetic psycho and really disappears into the character--no small feat for such a recognizable performer. <br /><br />Too bad the rest of the movie is such a waste. The supporting performances (and performers) wouldn't look out of place in a soft-core porno (it doesn't help that every character but Sy is made of 100% cardboard). At times the director actually seems to be trying to frustrate suspense: we know from the very first moments a) that Sy is a complete whack-job b) that he survives and c) that he gets nabbed by the cops at the end. So all we're left to ponder is the hows and the whys and the answers provided aren't all that interesting.<br /><br />The plot is plodding and contrived and features some nonsensical moments (for instance the husband berates his wife for her expensive tastes even though she seems to spend all her free time at the local discount superstore). About two thirds of the way through Sy does something so irredeemably stupid that it makes one wonder how much he actually cares about his grand revenge scheme. And the final clichÃƒÂ©d explanation of his psychosis right out of `Peeping Tom' is a terrible copout.<br /><br />The dialogue is of the absolute worst sort. It's not overwritten or awkward or unbelievable or bad in any other way that could be considered fun even for bad-movie lovers. Instead every line is purely hideously functional--it's as if the director handed a plot outline to a newspaper copywriter and said `Hey I need a workable script on this--in an hour.' It made me want to scream honestly.<br /><br />This movie seems to be a throwback to the suburban beware-the-help thrillers of the eighties and nineties (`The Hand That Rocks the Cradle' e.g.) and while it's certainly unpleasant it's never really scary. Sy's fetishism occasionally makes you feel uncomfortable but on its own that's not enough to make the film work. In the end lack of craftsmanship from everyone involved except Robin Williams sinks this one. 3 out of 10.
critique5149 There are similarities between Ray Lawrence's "Jindabyne" and his last movie "Lantana" Ã‚Â– a dead body and its repercussions for already dysfunctional lives. But whereas "Lantana" offered some hope and resolution "Jindabyne" leaves everything unresolved in a bleak way that will leave most viewers unsatisfied perhaps even cheated.<br /><br />The storyline - the aftermath of a fisherman's discovery of a corpse floating in a remote river - is based on a short story by Raymond Carver. It became an element in Robert Altman's classic 1993 ensemble "Short Cuts". Lawrence uses this theme for an exploration and exposition of relationships within a small Australian community under stress. The movie poses some moral questions "Would you let the discovery of a dead body ruin your good weekend?" and more poignantly for Australians "Would it make any difference if the dead person was an aboriginal?" The acting especially by Gabriel Byrne and Laura Linney is commendable. And there are elements of mysticism reinforced by haunting music not unlike "Picnic at Hanging Rock".<br /><br />If all this sounds like the basis for a great movie - be prepared for a let down the pace is very slow and the murder is shown near the beginning thereby eliminating the element of mystery. And so we are left with these desolate lives and a blank finale.
critique5150 A depressed creepy teenager does many bad things to a socially active older lady who does not like to use shades or drapes in her windows. He steels assorted things from her peeps at her does prank calls and plays assorted unpleasant tricks on her. Oddly he keeps none of this a secret from her. At first she does not seem to care one way or the other that he is bothering her. Then later she seems to begin to respect him for his cruel fevered activities.<br /><br />There are some illogical items to note. One is that the guy peeps into the night through a pane of glass from the more brightly lit side. In real life such a thing would not happen. The more brightly lit side of a pane of glass acts as a mirror. He would be able to see exactly nothing. Also everyone out in the night would be able to look inside at him sitting in his well lit room.<br /><br />One other illogical item is that the creepy teen takes a job as a milkman and his one and only customer each morning seems to be the lady he is picking on. Easy work if you can get it.<br /><br />I saw A SHORT FILM ABOUT LOVE at a public showing. By the end there was not a single open eye in the house. A SHORT FILM ABOUT LOVE is the foreign language movie for those who do not like reading subtitles. Not only are there very few words spoken in the film but much of the movie is silent. A certain rest in peace.
critique5151 Those 2 points are dedicated the reasonable performance from Akshay Kumar. I know Bollywood films do not really strive to be realistic but PLEASE a Walt Disney production is more realistic than this plot. The father is dying and does what any good parent does...kick his son out the son with his PREGNANT wife. A few things that were too hard to swallow- 1. Priyanka 'cool indoor swimming pool in the bedroom' and to go from that to living hungry in her in-laws garden shed???????? 2. Akshay suddenly got the job as a stunt man gets bitten by rabified dogs to then just walk off. This film is an INSulT to our intelligence I really cant believe i contributed financially to the 'people' who made this film by taking my family to see it we left the cinema with a frown please do not subject yourself to this mess to watching this take my advice and do not waste your 'waqt'.
critique5152 This was a very brief episode that appeared in one of the "Night Gallery" show back in 1971. The episode starred Sue Lyon (of Lolita movie fame) and Joseph Campanella who play a baby sitter and a vampire respectively. The vampire hires a baby sitter to watch his child (which appears to be some kind of werewolf or monster) while he goes out at night for blood. The baby sitter is totally oblivious to the vampire's appearance when she first sees him and only starts to put two and two together when she notices that he has no reflection in the mirror has an odd collection of books in the library on the occult and hears strange noises while the vampire goes to talk to the child. She realizes that the man who hired her may not be what she thought he was originally. She bolts out the door the vampire comes out looking puzzled and the episode is over. I don't know what purpose it was to make such an abbreviated episode that lasted just 5 minutes. They should just have expanded the earlier episode by those same 5 minutes and skipped this one. A total wasted effort.
critique5153 Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon starts aboard a plane full of American high school teens who are on their way to play a football game in Japan unfortunately during a fierce thunder storm their plane crashes in the Himalayas. Unlucky really. With some dead & some alive the survivors have to think about themselves & decide to wait it out until help comes. However just when they think their luck couldn't get any worse they soon discover that a huge hairy Yeti type Abominable Snowman creature wants to kill & eat them all. Trapped cold starving & fighting for survival will help reach the stranded teens in time?<br /><br />Yeah with a title like Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon it can only mean one thing & that is that someone at the Sci-Fi Channel has made yet another 'Creature Feature' although to give these things a bit of variety the Sci-Fi Channel here in the UK are now dubbing them as a 'Beast Feast'! As if that will make any difference. Directed by Paul Ziller one has to say that Yeti: Curse of the Snow Deamon is a terrible film but a somewhat entertaining one at the same time sure it's bad but it's sort of fun at times too. The basic premise is alright actually it's a sort of cross between Alive (1993) with it's plane crash & the survivors having to turn cannibal to survive & the excellent gory killer Bigfoot (another legendary hairy monster) exploitation flick Night of the Demon (1980) which I would defend with my last breath & I have to say it's not exactly a marriage made in heaven but as I said it's fun at times if not exactly gripping or well written. The character's are mostly annoying American teens there's the expected arguing there's the macho hero the strong female & the coward who thinks only of himself so there's no prizes for originality. There are some plot holes too if a plane load of people crash why only send two rangers on foot to search for them? How are you going to dig a large hole & line it with sharpened sticks in the space of ten minutes? Why did the Yeti not kill that bird at the end? It had killed everyone else up to that point so why not her? The 'there are actually two Yeti's running around' twist isn't used to any effect at all either. At least there's a good pace about the film it certainly moves along at a fair old pace & I never found myself becoming bored with it. There's some moderately gory action & the film does have some fascination in seeing whether the kids are going to survive or not & if they are going to eat their dead mates or not.<br /><br />The one thing you can always say about these Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' or 'Beast Feasts' is that the CGI computer effects will be laugh out loud hilarious & so that proves to be the case yet again. The plane crash at the start looks awful & the Yeti when it's CGI looks simply embarrassing jumping all over the place like it's on a pogo stick. There one or two nice gore scenes including a ripped off arm a squashed head a ripped out heart some dead bodies some blood splatter & the best bit when the Yeti rips a guy in half & beats him with his own ripped-off legs before biting a big chunk out of them. According to the IMDb the actor playing the Yeti took three & a half hours to get into the suit & the make-up which seems like a long time since it's actually a pretty tatty looking creation. Apparently the original title was Raksha: Curse of the Snow Demon with Raksha meaning demon in Tibetan Sanskrit so now you know.<br /><br />This has reasonable production values considering the usual Sci-Fi Channel stuff they churn out although the mountain location looks nothing like the harsh bleak Himalayas & was probably situated near some ski resort somewhere & during a lot of the daytime scenes it actually looks pleasantly warm. The acting isn't that good & I didn't think any of the girls looked that good either which didn't help.<br /><br />Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon is another terrible Sc-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature' if I am honest that any sane person will not like but if your looking for a bit of horror themed fun then this isn't too bad & there are one or two entertaining moments that make it somewhat watchable even if it's not very good.
critique5154 Moron and girlfriend conduct some ritual to resurrect the dead in attempt to prove that the dead can not be brought back to life. Not surprisingly they do resurrect a dead soul who commences chopping them up with an axe and the next day some college aged people are telling the story around a campfire. The guy with the axe turns up and starts hacking up the idiots telling the story. The group calls the cops the cop sees blood splattered all over and thinks it's a mountain lion(!?) and soon after is axed by some deformed killer who may or may not be a ghost.<br /><br />Moronic little splatter movie which was filmed in broad daylight but where several characters are carrying flashlights and talking as though it were the middle of the night and wanting to send up a signal flare to attract attention. One guy has a gun in one hand and bullets in the other but doesn't bother to load it then after he finally loads it he has several opportunities to shoot the killer but doesn't bother to because that would end the movie too early. Then he throws the gun away! Also detrimental is characters who show no emotion and don't look the least bit concerned after their friends are chopped up into pieces and lousy effects (the human heart looks like a piece of chicken meat the car blown up at the end clearly was a model car) and awful dialogue and some really ugly female nudity doesn't help. And in the end it tries to get away with it's incoherence by saying that it was all the invention of the same college aged people telling campfire stories at the start of this movie. <br /><br />Then the killer turns up for real in the last scene hacks them into pieces. Again.<br /><br />Mediocre of it's kind good only for some unintended laughs.<br /><br />*1/2 out of ****
critique5155 This is a bad bad movie. I'm an actual fencer: trust me when I say that this film's pretension of accuracy is just that. This is especially true during that vile little scene when the fencers are combining footwork with 80's pop. The ending is predictable and the movie is a bore from start to finish. Horrible.
critique5156 In London the Venetian Carla Borin (Yuliya Mayarchuk) is searching an apartment to share with her beloved boyfriend Matteo (Jarno Berardi). She meets the lesbian real estate agent Moira (Francesca Nunzi) and rents a large apartment. When the jealous Matteo finds some pictures and letters from her former lover Bernard (Mauro Lorenz) in Venice he hangs up the phone and the upset and amoral Carla has a brief affair with Moira and intercourse with an acquaintance in a party. When Matteo comes to London he concludes that his lust for Carla is more important than his jealousy and her behavior.<br /><br />"Transgredire" is another "soft porn" of the sick director Tinto Brass with a shallow and ridiculous story where every situation is a motive to expose the intimate parts of the women in the cast. The amateurish camera exposes the body of the beautiful Yuliya Mayarchuk in every possible angle and her character is abused touched and licked in every part of her nice body but without showing explicit penetration. This flick is only recommended to fans of this director and as a voyeur experience seeing Yuliya Mayarchuk naked in erotic situations. My vote is four.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "A Pervertida" ("The Pervert")
critique5157 It started out with an interesting premise. I always like Civil War stuff and ancient secret societies. The more the film progressed the more I realized that this was a B movie at best. In the latter half it quickly became a C movie then D then F then "I wish that this wasn't a rental so that I could put it in the microwave!" I can't say that the acting in all cases was awful just most. The writing however... I never read the book. Maybe the book is well written. The screenplay was written by a 10 year old. It was ridiculously shallow the dialog drab and uninteresting the characters about as interesting as a 5 pound bag of fertilizer. I really hated this movie as did my wife. I am a Christian and I have no problem with movies that promote or support Christianity. This movie did a great disservice to the cause. Awful terrible worthless. If you liked it I strongly recommend Superman 4.
critique5158 'Succubus' the edited version of 'Necronomicon GetrÃƒÂ¤umte SÃƒÂ¼nden' is a struggle to sit through even at a lean 76 minutes; any more of this dreadfully boring and pretentious Euro horror tripe and I may have slipped into a coma.<br /><br />Jess Franco once again delivers a truly awful piece of 60s trash that appears to have been made by a cast and crew out of of their heads on Class A hallucinogenics since not one second of this mess made any sense whatsoever. Apparently this is one of the better of his 180+ films Ã‚Â– it's hard to believe that there are worse efforts out there.<br /><br />The unfathomable plot deals with Franco's usual themes of sex violence and lesbianism and throws in a bit of S&M for good measure and yet it still manages to remain mind numbingly tedious.<br /><br />I may leave it quite a while before entering the world of dodgy Euro Horror again Ã‚Â– life is too short to be spent watching bilge like this.
critique5159 Imagine that in adapting a James Bond novel into a movie the filmmakers eliminated all the action and suspense in order to make it kid-friendly. Or if a television producer told Chris Rock he couldn't cuss so that his specials could be rated PG. In the same way the director of the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes" took out the excitement and gore in favor of melodrama for younger audiences. This created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book. In trying to make the story of "Something Wicked This Way Comes" easier for children to follow the filmmakers eliminated the theme of good and evil both existing in everyone and good always prevailing over evil. This is apparent in Will's character transformation Charles Halloway's rescue of Jim and the carnival's defeat.<br /><br />Will's transformation into a more adventurous boy has been muted in the movie. The scene in which the Dust Witch visits Will's house in a balloon has been cut from the film. Instead a green mist follows Jim and Will home and gives them the same bad dream about the Witch and her spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Will has begun to conquer his fear of doing things on his own. He gets on top of a neighbor's roof and tears the balloon with a bow defeating the Witch. "Sorry Dad he thought and sat up smiling. This time it's me out alone" Will decides as he prepares to face her (147.) Removing this scene from the movie prevents us from understanding that Will is becoming more adventuresome. The film shows us many examples of Will being afraid to follow Jim but never growing curious like his friend. In the book Will has both a good quiet side and an "evil" daring side like his Jim. In the movie each boy only has one mode of thought which destroys Bradbury's theme of both good and evil being present in each person.<br /><br />In the book Will saves Jim because of their friendship but in the movie Charles Halloway saves Jim to repay Jim's father. Will pulls Jim off the carousel in Bradbury's novel because he doesn't want his best friend to grow up without him. It is the good in Will the fact that he cares about his friend that saves Jim from the evil curse of the carnival. On the carousel Jim "gestured his other hand free to trail on the wind the one part of him the small white separate part that still remembered their friendship" (269.) This shows that there was good left inside of Jim which has the potential to still defeat evil. But when Charles Halloway saves Jim in the movie he does it to repay the debt he owes Jim's father who saved Will when he was a little boy. By changing the motivation for saving Jim the filmmakers have ruined Bradbury's original idea that it takes good to win against evil.<br /><br />In the end of the movie the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smiles and laughter. When the book ends Mr. Dark turns himself into a little boy and Charles Halloway smiles and laughs at him so much that he can't stand it and evaporates. In Bradbury's world evil people feed off fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love. His message is that good will always prevail over evil but only if that goodness is expressed outwardly. "Good to evil seems evil" says Charles Halloway as he holds the dying Mr. Dark. "So I will do only good to you Jed. I'll simply hold you and watch you poison yourself" (275.) In the movie Mr. Dark is the only one left on the carousel when lightning hits it and he dies. By eliminating the weapon of laughter and smiles the filmmakers imply that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil as if lightning only strikes those who are bad. This takes away the major theme of Bradbury's book which is that doing "good" toward others wards off evil.<br /><br />Good may always triumph over evil but trying to make movies more kid-friendly will always force filmmakers to leave out some of the themes from the books they are based on. In the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes" Will does not transform Will's friendship does not save Jim and smiles and laughter do not defeat the carnival. As a result the filmmakers have left out too many of Bradbury's main points. The process of adapting a book to a movie too often ruins the world the author has established. In the case of this story Bradbury's frightening world of opposing forces of good and evil has been reduced to a tamer simpler version of itself.
critique5160 One of those classics held up next to "Deep Throat" and "Behind the Green Door."<br /><br />Sure it was clever but the female lead isn't that attractive and sex isn't that hot. But if not for this film porn would not have blossomed into what it is today.<br /><br />Harry Reems was the Ron Jeremy of his day. Worth a look if you're a Fan.
critique5161 OK I normally don't add comments on movies but I finally watched a movie that was so utterly full of bullsh*t and riddled with incompetence that I just had to warn people about. Blackwater Valley Exorcist is loosely about a wife-beating/pederast/priest and this podunk family of horse freaks and to make a long story short the youngest daughter who was molested by the priest but in love with the hillbilly ranch hand gets possessed. Along with a heroic god shunning Mexican gardener who once participated in a exorcism the wife-beating/ pederast/priest manage to save the day but not before the possessing demon is able to jump over to a hooker who the town sheriff made blow him. All in all this movie is the biggest pile of useless (I could get very descriptive with this part but why waste my energy on this movie)sh*t I've ever seen. Any and all persons associated with the making of this movie should be sterilized so that they cannot pollute the earth with their useless spawn.
critique5162 this movie was downright awful. most of the comedic scenes seem stale and trite and possibly the funniest scene in the movie had already been given away in previews. the entire premise of the movie is so unbelievable and ridiculous its hard to really get into it. the actors themselves portray the most unrealistic characters. its not just the fact that the movies so hard to swallow but its how they keep forcing it down your throat expecting you to dumb down and accept it. the plot itself is so shallow and easy to predict. boy somehow gets rejected from every school he applied to(i suppose he completely forgot about attending community college) and decides to create his own school for fellow rejects. all goes well for awhile until the validity of his school comes into question. all the while the dorky character manages to woo his beautiful neighbor into falling for him with his witty sarcasm which apparently is a skill only he possesses. then comes the final struggle with the students somehow all bonding together and fighting for the survival of the school. of course the main character then persuades the state board of education to allow his school to stay alive with some "inspirational" speech. this movie would have been more fun to watch if i was under the age of 16 and still ignorant of all college matters and issues.
critique5163 Unfortunately this has been showing on Star Movies here in Thailand for the last week or so. It's complete rubbish acting. As another member said this movie is a good example of 'how not to act.' I haven't seen a movie so poorly acted in a long time. The actors (can you call them 'actors'?) are completely flat and deliver their lines with the passion of a dead dog. I would say that in order to truly understand how bad the acting is you would have to see the movie... but that would be akin to torture.<br /><br />I cringe as the leading lady delivers her lines and the rest of the cast with their accents (fake or contrived) is equally heinous. Another actress with the fake British accent was pretty yes but good lord was her accent terrible. Mix that with her (lack of) acting and you have a disaster. She should just have said nothing and I could have accepted her as the pretty girl. Oh my we just got to the scene where the leading lady's lover says "Really me?" after a forced crying scene from her. Laughable. No really I just laughed out loud.<br /><br />The sets and the art directors offer some saving grace to the film. Some of the sets are colorful and some of the scenes are rather nice (minus the actors).<br /><br />The old magic potion lady? What?! Another member mentioned the 'modern' love song that was in the movie. Totally inappropriate for a period piece set some 500 years ago.<br /><br />I understand the movie was considered 'Big Budget' in Thailand at the time of it's production. I would be seriously upset if I were the producer of this movie. Just goes to show that money does not necessarily make a good (or even mediocre) film.<br /><br />I would give the King Maker a 1 out of 10 but the costumes and sets make save the film from such a rating. 2 out of 10.
critique5164 The 60s (1999) D: Mark Piznarski. Josh Hamilton Julia Stiles Jerry O'Connell Jeremy Sisto Jordana Brewster Leonard Roberts Bill Smitrovich Annie Corley Charles S. Dutton. NBC mini-series (later released to video/DVD as full length feature film) about the treacherous 1960s as seen through the eyes of both a white family and a black family. The film's first half is driven by the excellent performance of Dutton as Reverend Willie Taylor and evenly spreads the storyline between the families. However Dutton's character is killed halfway through and the black family is completely forgotten in a dull incoherent and downright awful 2nd half. RATING: 4 out of 10. Not rated (later rated PG-13 for video/DVD release).
critique5165 A bloody maniac with cannibalistic tendencies rapes a woman. He's been shot by two policemen and then he is risen from the grave because of some sort of satanic ceremonial rite preformed by an evil heresy. The hunting of women continues by this zombie-demon. The sacrificed baby returns from the grave and wants the maniac dead again but only with the help of the police this will come true...<br /><br />A bloody 65-minute mess...Horny zombies doll-babies S&M corrupted and twisted policemen repented heretics who seek refuge in front of Jesus Christ and three text-screens at the end of the film explaining us what finally happened to the policeman who survived (yes we ought to know!)... Two decent disemboweling shots can't save the situation. I've seen worst horror-flicks but this one was pretty bad too. Recommended only for the die-very-hard fans of the genre.
critique5166 I would love to have that two hours of my life back. It seemed to be several clips from Steve's Animal Planet series that was spliced into a loosely constructed script. Don't Go If you must see it wait for the video ...
critique5167 That is the best way I can describe this movie which centers on a newly married couple who move into a house that is haunted by the husband's first wife who died under mysterious circumstances. That sounds well and good but what plays out is an hour of pure boredom. In fact one of the funny things about this flick is that there is a warning at the beginning of the film that promises anyone who dies of fright a free coffin. Well trust me no one ever took them up on that offer unless someone out there is terrified of plastic skulls peacocks weird gardeners and doors being knocked on. And the music is the worst it consists of constant tuba music which sounds like it is being played by some sixth grader. And you will figure out the terrible secret that is so obvious that you really have to wonder what the people in this movie were thinking. Someone dies while running and hitting their head and the police are never called to investigate. Yes in the end this is a slow paced (which is really bad considering the movie is only just over an hour) boring little tale that is easily figured out by the average person. Apparently none of the characters in this flick were the average person.
critique5168 First of all no one with any law enforcement experience (Not ER or EMT but real law enforcement) takes this show seriously. Walker would be drummed out of any police force in the US for his illegal and totally unprofessional tactics. On top of that he is a comic book character---no acting ability incredibly trite lines no character development. The fact that Alex Cahill loves him shows just how dumb blondes really are. And Trivett is the ultimate clown in black-face. Come on---if you think Walker is a heartfelt show without bias then explain why JT is treated as a dolt always is the subject of Walker's jokes never is allowed to be the one to solve the crime and never rescues Walker who should be dead 50 times over for the stupid things he does. While it may be true that many criminals are even dumber than the detectives who go after them (and believe me most cops are dumber than dirt) the smart ones Walker comes up against never seem to get the point that once Walker is captured the jerk needs to be put of his misery. But then again Norris produced the show as well as starred in it so how could he willingly get rid of himself or even show how stupid his tactics are. As if six guys are going to wait around to take him one at a time. What a terrible series! It is more demeaning than any of the hokey westerns like The Lone Ranger Roy Rogers The Cisco Kid and Wild Bill Hickock though I would imagine that most of you on here are far too young to remember those shows. But like those shows in the same way as those shows Walker TR is just as insulting and just plain silly.
critique5169 The production values in this video are so poor that it is unwatchable. The performance took second place to the overwhelmingly creative hijinks of the studio wanks with about thirty special effects per minute. It is filmed through a cloud of smoke only one or two seconds duration per shot and frequently background spotlights shine directly into the camera. The lighting was terrible for filming. There is constant zooming in and out with a total lack of visual continuity. There may have been some good dancing available to the live audience but the video viewers will never know.
critique5170 Sadly more downs than ups. The plot was pretty decent. I mean nothing out of the ordinary but it had a story unlike the other modern horror flicks. The other good thing was the cast. I'm not saying that the acting was good because it wasn't but every actor/actress was hot and attractive.<br /><br />One of the downs are that the movie only become exciting after the first 40 minutes or so. The rest was quite boring. Another down (or you could consider it an up if you want) is the excessive nudity. All 4 girls were topless for a few minutes and all the guys showed their butts for a long time. It's not that I'm against nudity but this was a horror movie not 'The Dreamers'.<br /><br />Unless you're very desperate to watch some guy take off his swimsuit and run around naked for a few minutes or watch a girl get naked for no reason or you're a die-hard fan of Debbie Rochon than this is the movie for you. But if you're looking for a good horror movie stay away.
critique5171 Macbeth is one of the most frequently told stories in cinema and has been translated many times in numerous theater and celluloid settings. Originally written by William Shakespeare in the early 1600's Macbeth tells the story of betrayal among royalty and one man's quest for power. Director Geoffrey Wright (Romper Stomper) tries his hand at updating Macbeth by setting it in the contemporary Melbourne underworld. A film where the characters substitute swords for guns (ala Baz Luhrman's Romeo and Juliet) and royal vassals for gangsters Macbeth is a gritty violent but critically flawed film.<br /><br />Macbeth (Sam Worthington)works for King Duncan (Gary Sweet). After being elevated to the Thane of Glamis by The King (as was prophesied to Macbeth by three witches) Macbeth starts setting his eyes on the throne. One night the King comes to stay at Macbeth's house and Lady Macbeth (Victoria Hill) talks him into killing The King to assume power. Macbeth kills his master and then assumes his crown. But success has it's downside as Macbeth soon finds out when he has to go to hideous lengths to protect his murderous secret. <br /><br />OK first things first. The film's major fault is Sam Worthington. His portrayal of Macbeth is in a word... boring. I honestly didn't care about Macbeth while watching the film. I had more sympathy for Victoria Hill's Lady Macbeth because she bothered to act at least. Worthington sits sullen and wood faced throughout the entire film. I felt like he was doing his best impression of Johnny Deep's George Jung character from Blow... but without the charisma. I have never seen Worthington in a film before so I'm not sure if it was his or the Director's fault but either way the glue that should have tied everything together into one cohesive unit is weak.<br /><br />The dialog is good but when matched up to the Geoffrey Wright's Australian Gangster Motif seems a bit out of place. Frentically paced action sequences mixed with long Shaksperian musings creates pacing conflict within the film. I understand that this is Macbeth and that the director wanted to use the original dialog intact. But hard fast action scenes following a three minute soliloquy tends to get annoying if not a bit pretentious. <br /><br />The camera-work is highly stylized and for the most part it works well. One thing that I found annoying was how the camera would slowly jostle back and forth almost constantly. I don't mind shots like that it's just overdone. It's passes beyond the realm of being cool and stylish and instead becomes irritating. Other than that the art direction and cinematography is fairly well-done. <br /><br />For all of the good qualities Macbeth possesses; stylish direction Shakespearian dialog a strong soundtrack supernatural nude witches(the weird sisters) and good helpings of brutal bloody violence. All of these strengths are forgotten when one considers Sam Worthington's uninspired portrayal of Macbeth. The role of Macbeth was essential for tying everything together and in this respect Geoffrey Wright and Sam Worthington failed miserably making Macbeth a forgettable foray into Shakespeare.
critique5172 I watch a TON of movies and enjoy the occasional B movie but this movie was awful. Aside from the "homemade" quality of the film it was very slow and seemed to make no point. I'm only commenting b/c of another comment I saw here that said it was great! WOW! Maybe OK to watch on a rainy day when nothing else is available.<br /><br />The characters were disjointed and didn't fit any discernible pattern of reality. The dialog between characters was forced and at times very confusing.<br /><br />I guess if you were very into the whole area 51 and understood some of the nuances other comments reference it may be good - but for me - the Average Joe - I don't get it!?
critique5173 Obviously a lot of talented behind the scenes crew members worked on this movie so don't even look at the credits at the end you'll only hold it against them. Nobody seemed interested in seeing this movie only 3 were in the theater; two passed out after 10 minutes and they were the lucky ones. The 'monsters' were the unemployed worm from Star Trek 2 The Wrath of Khan and rejected designs for the space creatures in Alien. The creators of the movie obviously didn't want to overshadow the third rate movie monsters so they hired forth rate actors who apparently didn't get to memorize their lines or in some cases learn to pronounce the words before filming began. Some scenes are incredibly inept in conveying just what is supposed to be happening if anything is. If you are unfortunate enough to be in a theater where this movie is showing and you don't pass out you'll laugh at what are supposed to be frightening or suspenseful moments of the film. The implausibility of several scenes will just stun you and Stephen Dorff's regular spewing of the 'Queen Mary of curse words' conveys the feeling of anyone who pays to see this. If you must see this movie do yourself a favor and wait until it's in the bargain bin at the video store. If there's any justice in the film industry one of the main actors will be there to rent it to you.
critique5174 I remember seeing this at my local Blockbuster and picked it up cause I was curious. I liked movies about mythological creatures. I like movies about werewolves vampires zombies etc. This is based on half-caste a half-human half-leopard creature that preys on the people of Africa.<br /><br />The movie is horrendous! The actors are terrible! There is no script whatsoever! It's all improvised! The whole thing is filmed at night because they say that is the only time you ever see it. It's obvious bull*bleep*! They film at night to make it scary. But they have failed to scare me. After the first person was killed I put this back in the case and took it back to Blockbuster. One of the most boring movies I've ever seen.<br /><br />Now you are probably saying I have no right to review a movie if I haven't finished it. Well this is one of the films that didn't deserve to be watched all the way through.<br /><br />1 star out of 10. This is really BAD!
critique5175 Island of Death is not really a good movie by any standard but it is a curious one. Imagine if Natural Born Killers had been made 20 years too early as a Greek Eurotrash porn film. That's what you get here - the quaint story of a young sociopathic British couple cutting a deadly swath through the population of a lovely little Greek island.<br /><br />I'll spare you a detailed breakdown of the plot; it's not really important except to set up increasingly perverse or violent sex scenes followed by disturbingly brutal murders often lovingly photographed for posterity by our charming young couple. It could have been brilliant in its own sick and nasty way but instead...<br /><br />Instead I found myself impatiently checking the run time and chapter index to see how much longer the parade was going to last. Sluggish pacing and listless bland acting turn even vilest perversities into pablum and connecting scenes into an eternity of dull plodding. Ah well. You can't win 'em all.
critique5176 I watched this last nite with an open mind. Sorry to say it is still bad. first the movie is too noisey and you can't hear what people are saying. The accents are bad especially Richard Masur. What is the French chick doing in this film ??? Miscasting at its worst. Walken's makeup is strange. The Harvard scene is useless and not needed. Kristoferson's character is unlikeable and I wanted him to get killed and go away. Meanwhile the Walken character gets killed too early and easily ( despite the makeup). The settlers are all stupid. GET ORGANIZED you bunch of hicks people are coming to kill you !!!!! John Hurts character provides some humor buts thats all.<br /><br />I have nothing good to say about this excessive piece of crap. The only good thing is it ruined the director's career and killed United Artists.<br /><br />Still Crap after all these years.
critique5177 I love these awful 80's summer camp movies. The best part about "Party Camp" is the fact that it literally has no plot. It simply drops a weak batch of "characters" into a location and then things occasionally happen. The cliches here are limitless (SPOILERS): the nerds vs. the jocks the secret camera in the girls locker room the hikers happening upon a nudist colony the contest at the conclusion the secretly horny camp administrators and the embarrassingly foolish sexual innuendo littered throughout. The only cliche missing is the presence of Corey Feldman. This movie will make you laugh but never intentionally. I repeat NEVER. A final note be prepared to bust a gut watching the nonsense that is the "dramatic" scene where Jerry Riviera and D.A. share a beer late at night spilling their guts to each other. The dialogue literally makes no sense and the acting belongs on a high-school stage. It's a classic.
critique5178 On the face of it this film looked like it might be really good - it isn't.<br /><br />The cast is pretty good but most of them seemed embarrassed by the whole thing. The real disaster in this film is not the flood but the script. It attempts to include every clichÃƒÂ© in the book all done incredibly poorly. The ending is very abrupt but this is a blessing in disguise. Congragulations if you make it that far.<br /><br />All three main male actors (Carlyle Courtney and Suchet) would surely agree that this is the low point in their careers. I hope they got paid a lot of cash because none of their reputations come out in tact.<br /><br />The special effects are quite good but the same thing was done to much better effect in The Day After Tomorrow.<br /><br />In short a pointless exercise. Don't waste your time.
critique5179 Bare Wench is another softcore parody of the Blair Witch project (I think there's about two dozen of those things out there). It has 5 very attractive women (which includes Nikki Fritz Julie Smith and Julie Strain) and one dorky guy whose only purpose is to provide comic relief.<br /><br />Okay so I'm thinking "Cool. Great looking women having softcore lesbian sex with each other very 10 minutes or so. This should be real good."<br /><br />Unfortunately the producers blew it. There is nothing in this video that actually qualifies as a sex scene. There's a couple of false starts but the majority of the action is just the women posing for the camera. I guess once the producers had spent their money on the women and spent more getting them to remove their clothes they didn't have any money left to get them to actually do anything. And I guess they also used up all their alloted nudity time too early because towards the end of the video there is a huge amount of pointless dialogue that is obviously being used for no other reason than to pad out the run time. "You're a liar! No you are! You go into the cave! No you go! I think we should go home! Well I don't!" This goes on and on and on forever.<br /><br />There's way better stuff than this.
critique5180 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5181 A handful of nonprofessional actors are terrorized by a prehistoric creature. This creature appears in about thirty seconds of marginal stop-motion animation but oh how you will long for that margin when for the rest of the movie the animation is replaced by production assistants waving around an inner tube with teeth. No time for terror when this movie is hijacked halfway through by these comic relief boat rental doofuses who suddenly become the lead characters; but again you gotta admit watching them try to be funny is better than plodding around after the sheriff. Only at the end one of them gets eaten and the other one is left sitting on a rock crying tears of loneliness - that's no fun!
critique5182 Way back when I was renting videos for free I picked this one up. OOPS The things I wanted to mention outside the summary already given were these. 1: Someone who had a lot to do with making this movie had a strange and sick fascination for food it was gross and unecessary. 2: There is some kind of a soundtrack in the background of the film that seems to be there the entire time and by the way I felt for days after viewing this trash I figure they had something subliminal going on in the track. Either that or it was just traumatisingly bad or both. Many times throughout the movie you can tell the writer and director did not have much experience or talent. And don't even ask about the acting.
critique5183 Rich ditzy Joan Winfield (a woefully miscast Bette Davis) is engaged to be married to stupid egotistical Allen Brice (Jack Carson looking lost). Her father (Eugene Palette) is determined to stop the marriage and has her kidnapped by pilot Steve Collins (James Cagney. Seriously). They crash land in the desert and hate each other but (sigh) start falling in love.<br /><br />This seems to be getting a high rating from reviewers here only because Cagney and Davis are in it. They were both brilliant actors but they were known for dramas NOT comedy and this movie shows why! The script is just horrible--there's not one genuine laugh in the entire movie. The running joke in this has Cagney and Davis falling rump first in a cactus (this is done THREE TIMES!). Only their considerable talents save them from being completely humiliated. As it is they both do their best with the lousy material. Cagney tries his best with his lines and Davis screeches every line full force but it doesn't work. Carson has this "what the hell" look on his face throughout the entire movie (probably because his characters emotions change in seconds). Only Palette with his distinctive voice and over the top readings manges to elicit a few smiles. But all in all this was dull and laughless--a real chore to sit through. This gets two stars only for Cagney and Davis' acting and some beautiful cinematography but really--it's not worth seeing. Cagney and Davis hated this film in later years and you can see why.
critique5184 did anyone notice?when miss brook went skinny dippingshe left the water wearing white bikini bottoms and yet had previously taken it all off to join cabin boy.this could have been a good film without miss brooks phony accent and a year on the island please.how come that Kelly looked always clean and ready for a FM photo shoot.what started out with premise turned in to soft porn.and billy Zane come onyou cant be that hard up for film offers.check out dead calm.also when the people took her away how come she scoffed her face and after all that time didn't feel like throwing up.i suggest billy find decent scriptsKelly stick to photo shoots and cabin boy play the son of Zorro in a future sequel.
critique5185 I like many this evening braved the frigid winter and long lines to see what I had anticipated to be one of the best movies of this year. However I was left sadly wanting in many ways after the credits rolled. But to be fair there were redeemable qualities (although very few). Let's start with what worked. First the Lycans: on point in every way Ã‚Â– from their terrifying physicality to their sheer ferocity. The action: sublimely visceral Ã‚Â– when it did occur. Nighy/Victor and Sheen/Lucian: Perfect. Now what did not (and there is plenty). This was less a movie and more a collage of sequences (and do not expect to see any supporting characters from the other movies except Raze and Tannis). Profoundly missing was a well written storyline and anything of real substance to bring these pieces of film together. The story seemed to start right in the middle Ã‚Â– at the cusp where Lucian had made up his mind to rebel. Therefore there was no context; no tension; no sense of betrayal Ã‚Â– the devices needed to make everything else work. Moreover it ended at where the climax should have begun (which needed to be after the feud had simmered for a bit). Oh and it was way too short. Purist will also find offense in some liberties taken to certain facts previously revealed in the first two moviesÃ‚Â…but judge that for yourself. In the end this movie lingered to long on what should have been brief "background" scenes (e.g. various council scenes) and as a consequence we never really got to know or care about the principal players...or the movie (ouch). -D
critique5186 I went to Crooked Earth to see a piece of New Zealand. What I found was a badly scripted and badly acted echo of the people I know.<br /><br />Great moments between characters Ã‚Â– including many of Temuera Morrison and Lawrences Makoares scenes together Ã‚Â– were often ruined by long and wordy monologues that the actors were forced to stumble through. Beautiful and ill-fitting phrases rattled away from Lawrence in particular as if he were the new Maori Messiah at his pulpit of beer crates.<br /><br />When watching any film with Maori actors I've found that I can always pick a half dozen characters that remind me of someone in my life. With Crooked Earth I struggled to find one key character that rung true for the entire two hours. Most Ã‚Â– including Wiremu and Peka Ã‚Â– wound up saying or doing things that I didn't understand and couldn't connect with. By the end of the movie the writer had succeeded in alienating the audience where the Maori weren't able to relate to it and the Pakeha were therefore given license to dismiss it. My feeling is that the movies message Ã‚Â– or at least the main one of several that was being lobbed at the audience Ã‚Â– is important enough to avoid using character extremities. Unfortunately no one who read the script before it was filmed thought to pass this piece of advice on.<br /><br />The soundtrack was invasive and as irritating as that horrible `bing-bong' noise that they laced through `Eyes Wide Shut'. The audience was not so subtly auto-cued to laugh cry or be angry when the music changed. It reminded me of Darth Vader's entrance music in Star Wars: obvious and mildly amusing.<br /><br />I think that there are some people out there that might enjoy this film. It's funny in parts has a fair amount of action and has some really powerful scenes. Calvin Tuteao and Quentin Hita did bang up jobs as well. As a whole though I didn't enjoy the experience as much as I know I should have. Barb Wire Speed 2 The Island of Dr Moreau and Crooked Earth look like they're going to be Tem's quartet of crap.
critique5187 I too had waited a long time to see this film. As far as I know it has never been released in Australia so in the end I found a copy on the net and ordered it through there. Weeks after my order confirmation it finally arrived and I was extremely excited to finally be sitting in front of my TV ready to watch a film that sounded so interesting and controversial and filmed in an area of the world where so many good movies are. What a disappointment. Within the first few minutes I realised I'd ordered a B Grader but was still full of expectation. I convinced my son (18) to watch it with me as I love sharing when I find a movie of value with good underlying statements and/or story lines. About half way through he got up and said he couldn't stand watching it any longer it was so predictable and amateurish. I agreed but watched to the end. The acting was atrocious even for B Grade standards. The stereotyping also predictable and I feel for the good folks of Lake Arthur Louisianna who must've cringed after seeing the film depicting them in such a way. No doubt some racial prejudices still exist in many parts of the world not just the States but really in this day and age I doubt they'd get away with all the ridiculous alibi's presented in this. I had to double check the date the film was made as their attempts at gimmicky filming of the more gruesome scenes was something I'd expect from a high school student's first attempt at making a film 'indy' like. I'd like to see this film put into the hands of experienced scriptwriters and film makers its an old tale but one that could still pack a punch if dealt with professionally. So disappointed after such a long wait and with such high expectations. The soundtrack was probably the only thing I enjoyed.
critique5188 This film is terribly bad. Kevin Spacey is a really great actor he shines in LA Confidential American Beauty Usual Suspects 7 etc.. But this is truly rubbish he came nowhere near a decent Irish accent maybe he should have practiced it with Kate Hudson while she was doing About Adam. To Irish people this film is laughable and even worse its quite irritating for several scenes. I think the producers made this film hoping the target audience (non-europe)would had never seen or heard of the 'General' or Martin Cahill and be enthralled in an intriguing and entertaining story. Total crud!!
critique5189 Jack Lemmon was one of the finest actors that had ever graced the screen. He could effortlessly switch from dramatic roles to comedic with ease making most of his peers green with envy. While his performance in "Save The Tiger" is Oscar-worthy I feel it was given to him as he had missed out on his other opportunities to win the award due to other better roles that had preceded this current one.<br /><br />This is also one of those pretentious movies that comes out to basically showcase the talent of the cast or in this case one particular member. It's too bad the screenwriter's output didn't match that of Lemmon's. Don't waste your time with this one.
critique5190 It is incredible in that it succeeds in being terrible on so many levels. The script the acting the directing and the choice of cast are all appalling. The costumes sets and pseudo-medieval language are also utterly awful. In an odd way I actually enjoyed this film once I had accepted that it wasn't going to be any good. It seems a shame that people would spend so much time and effort producing something so poor when really they could have made something pretty decent out of the premise (albeit not very believable!) but instead we are treated to a rather nauseating and cheesy tale of dragons and knights that lacks any of the charm to be found in other such fantasy films. Let's just hope that The Lord of the Rings is a bit better! Oh and David Thewlis' haircut makes him look like He-Man. It does!
critique5191 I am going to keep this short.This "adaption" of the wonderful King book is a bad joke and nothing more.Of course there are many Kubrick and Nickolson fans in this site andas a resultthis movie has mysteriously find its way in the top-250.<br /><br />Jack Nicholson is laughable as Torrance and so is Shelley Duvall.The storythat has nothing to do with the bookis an incoherent mess and the characters of Jack and Wendy Torrance are complete jokes.<br /><br />My advice to anyone that hasn't read the book and wants to understand the characters of this story:stick to the TV series ....<br /><br />Oh and the people who are saying that Kubrick had every right to destroy the King story cause King is...not a good writer should stick to reviewing "masterpieces" like "eyes wide shut".
critique5192 First thing I note is the music. It's nothing as amazing as Ruggero Deodato's Cannibal Holocaust's haunting theme or the masterpiece waltz from A Tale of Two Sisters but I don't let that stop me so early in the film.<br /><br />One must assume that the woman researching her hypothesis for her PHd dissertation that cannibalism as a organized practice has never existed one would think they must take into the consideration that they are wrong and prepare for the trip accordingly right? Or why go at all if you already believe the hypothesis to be true before even being tested? That's fairly unbelievably ignorant and makes the movie seem that much more unrealistic and badly scripted.<br /><br />That actually is similar to the Ruggero Deodato's film just totally ill-prepared. No guns no decent hiking clothing just nonsense through and through.<br /><br />People don't go on trips like this for college without months of planning and preparation.<br /><br />But I digress...<br /><br />Things don't get off to a very good start for our brave yet stupid adventurers as they swerve to miss a jaywalking iguana and their decoy pet ferret falls out of the truck nearly to it's demise then to fall into a mud hole well I guess it's time to walk.<br /><br />Okay then they flip a coin to see whether they keep going or forget the whole thing. How does that scene even make any sense? All their conviction rests on the flip of a coin? After they must've spent time and money and preparation just getting out there. This just keeps getting worse. Defiinitely some of the worst acting and scripting and music ever concocted for the film industry.<br /><br />Mike talks about how he and his friend's were captured by the cannibals and put into cages in mud pits with 3 inch long leeches sucking on their blood. I found that interesting because if you remember the first cannibal they run into in the jungle a man they mistake as a simple native is sitting on the ground eating such leeches... wonder if they are the same ones? Really though this movie is just terrible because the script is horrible and the acting is emotionless considering the content. They just agree to off themselves rather then get eaten by cannibals like it's no big decision.<br /><br />Obviously Mike is insane but just like in the first movie they treat the natives with such terrible behavior it's simply unrealistic.<br /><br />Ruggero Deodato's movie easily feels the Americans got what they deserved while in this movie one can hardly blame the natives for what befalls the Americans yet again.<br /><br />And because of that the movie feels somewhat pointless. We already got the point from the first movie so why was the sequel made? The lieutenant's name is Rizzo?! Could it get any worse? Oftentimes with movies such as these when you look up the cast you find they haven't really acted in much other films and their bios are all but non existent so you can imagine I was surprised to find Giovanni Lombardo Radice in this movie who was in Scorsese's Gangs of New York. Now Lt. Rizzo looked familiar and I found he was in the 2002 movie Spiderman as a very tiny role as a tugboat captain. Reminds me of how William Shatner went from being the admiral on the USS Enterprise to a cop in a car. Irony sometimes irony works out. Shatner never could get the music right until his recent album "Has Been" which is really good just like Bono of U2 never could get a haircut right and Dan Marino never could win no Superbowls.<br /><br />Sometimes irony is just sad like Christopher Reeve Superman can't walk irony. The man will always be a legend though because he was such a great guy I digress yet again though.<br /><br />At this point you can tell I'm fairly bored of even discussing Cannibal Ferox.<br /><br />Cannibal Holocaust's message was about who are the real savages and what is truly evil? What the savages do in natural living unknown to our moral records or what we do to others with malicious intent? Cannibal Ferox's message seems to be 'Be careful what you go looking for for you just might find it.' I will say this for Cannibal Ferox. When Gloria comes back and writes her dissertation asserting that Cannibalism does NOT exist she saves others who would be curious and go where angels fear tread but overall this movie was really bad.<br /><br />***/10
critique5193 First I should say that I've seen the '39 version at least 100 times; know all the dialog and have read the '36 play which is different from the '39 and contains nuggets of gold of its own. This version is as flat as a Lifetime movie on adultery. There's a reason you haven't seen an expensive campaign of TV ads for it. According to Entertainment Weekly Bening hated the catty tone of the original and how the women spent the whole time going to war on each other. GUESS WHAT??! That was Booth's intent. It was a slick theatrical take on gossip adultery and back-biting among a set of well-heeled Manhattan socialites. The crowd that made this new version had no intention of honoring the original source material. They pick at it weirdly putting in half a scene here and half a scene there that come from the first version. Bette Midler (who is in just a few scenes and acts the old Countess part in a broad grinning style) doesn't have any context in this version. She mentions going after "Buck" which is a key element in the original -- then he's never mentioned again. This movie is so dull that I'm not going to over-analyze it but here are a few things that I found unbelievable: > Mary Haines bragging to her domestic staff: "I can suck the nails out of a board!" Right. Great writing. Norma Shearer could've done a line reading on that & gotten an Oscar nom right? > A COMPASSIONATE Sylvia Fowler!!!??? Annette Bening got what she wanted and the movie just sort of withers away. Claire Booth used Sylvia as the comic engine that swept through the play. As portrayed immortally by Rosalind Russell she was an ignorant spiteful woman who rattled off reams of petty ridiculous irresistible dialog that is still classic and quotable. She wasn't above biting Paulette Godard's ankle. The 2008 filmmakers decided that this character had to die. In killing her off they killed the movie.
critique5194 Based on what little i have seen of this show I don't think I will ever watch it again. Its not even remotely believable and frankly the Derek character just makes me angry.<br /><br />Sorry but seeing such a spoiled brat get his way time and again? Why would i want to watch that?!? No thanks there are plenty of other shows that involve devious characters (Phil of the Future's Pim for example) where the evil one doesn't win or if they do not in the way they though.<br /><br />Not to mention that I think this is a terrible picture to paint about living with step-siblings. Yes life isn't rosy but one could attempt to portray a character that wasn't outright evil and wins.<br /><br />My suggestion is that you watch this only if you like seeing the villain win.
critique5195 There aren't enough gay-themed movies and there aren't enough `coming out' movies. Every one is a welcome addition to the genre. Although the production values are high(the movie `looks' good Matthias Freihof (Philipp) looks REAL good in a pair of jeans) this is a bad one. It is a period piece: gay life under an oppressive regime(East Berlin 1989) a life that seems 40 years behind the west. In a way we're seeing our own history; what it might have been like for gays in the 40's and 50's here(it often reminded me of `Last Exit to Brooklyn :the book not the film).But it is unremittingly depressing and SLOW in a contrived way that evoked an old SCTV send up of Ingmar Bergman. It is so sloppily edited I wonder if the director just didn't hack at random. Yes it is a miracle that this was filmed and released before The Wall came down and yes life behind the `Curtain' was hard for gay people. A good director could have shown all that without stupefying the audience. A good director would have had me mark this one as one of the great coming-out movies and not one of the misses.
critique5196 This is an odd movie. On the surface it's no different to many other d-grade gore movies but in at least a few ways it stands out. Firstly the main killer character is really weird. How the heck a guy who only ever clucks like a chicken got paroled is totally beyond me. What was that female parole board member thinking: "he's totally reformed and rehabilitated". He clucks! Another problem with Luther the Geek is the script/direction for the women. The daughter is so pathetic and seemingly stupid that if she was mine I'ld slap her. In attempting to untie her mother off the bed she struggles with knots and just doesn't seem to think "I'll get scissors or a knife". Later on in a similar attempt to untie her mother she wanders down stairs and starts searching in a box of scrap-booking stuff for some scissors eventually she gets a knife. By the way this is after the killer has obviously left in the car and just returned. Bizarre. On the plus side the daughter did get her kit off for the shower scene so that was nice although again unusual. It seems that in many of these d-grade gore movies they happily show throats being bitten open with gushing blood but the sight of a female breast is somehow too strong for the audience. In general it worked but it was annoying and nasty although the bare breasts made up for some of that.
critique5197 Alright! A sci-fi/horror/action B-hybrid directed by Jim Wynorski and in the final scenes we get to see a cyborg with a defleshed metal head killing off multiple people! As with any Wynorski-flick he throws in a whole bunch of crazy ideas and subplots that mostly don't lead to anywhere. But "Storm Trooper" is more like a two-movies-for-the-price-of-one kind of deal. On the one hand we got the drama/thriller part (as such the film opens) with Carol Alt killing her incredibly annoying & ungrateful husband (a plot that simply leads to nowhere). And on the other hand we got the 'escaped cyborg on a rampage' part "Night of the Living Dead"-style. With Carol and the Cyborg being the ones trapped inside the house and a bunch of special OPs/bounty hunters playing the role of the zombies trying to break into the house. Needless to say this flick is not up there with the greatest. Zach Galligan (of "Gremlins"-fame) especially is painfully bad and Corey Feldman (in a small supporting roll) is once again completely wasted on this movie. Wynorski even rips off one of his own movies here since I am 99% sure he used some stock footage of his previous film "976 EVIL II" (the scene with the exploding truck and the motorcycle). Yes it's so not good and so much fun. This is strictly for Wynorski-fans only. And I am one of them in case you didn't know already.
critique5198 I couldn't watch more than 14 minutes of it. It's a GREAT combination of really bad acting and really bad directing. The shots used are disgusting they broke the 180 degrees angle all the time. My head hurts try to watch that load of "you know what". Dirt on the "mystery machine" window make you see light from the lighting on the windows...annoying. What else... it's so badly framed all the time it's just make you want to scream at that lady directing there. I only directed short films but I'm pretty sure I'd be way better than that directing a feature film.... the story is unbelievable just the long french kissing scene at the beginning tell you that it's gonna be pretty awful. So pretty much try to avoid this really bad movies at all cost it'll save you the 5 bucks or so for the rental and that 1h30 hour of your life you'll never get back...
critique5199 This forth film in the "Angel Guts" saga which at only a few minutes above an hour (it just feels much longer)  is also the shortest which is perhaps just as well as it's also the most uninvolving of the series.Nami a department store clerk is interested in another part time job. Her fellow worker at the department store introduces her to modeling for a porn mag called 'red porno'. But when her other employers found out about her naughty pictures they decide to fire her. And she gets some unwanted admirer. Oh yea and she likes to masturbate ..ALOT. Using various household items. The wall to wall sexcapades masks a lack of discernible plot and pushes this one far too much into exploitation territory not unsurprising though given that the Director of this one is Toshiharu Ikeda ("Evil Dead Trap" "Beautiful Prey"). Perhaps his sensibilities just weren't suited for an Angel Guts film.<br /><br />My Grade: D <br /><br />DVD Extras: Commentary by Jasper Sharp; Bio/Filmographies; a 36 minute interview with Toshiharu Ikeda; Original Sleeve art; and Trailers for this and 4 other Angel Guts Films (High School Co Ed Red Classroom Red Vertigo & Red Porno) all available in Artsmagik's Box-set but for some reason the 6th film "Angel Guts: Red Flash" is not in the set
critique5200 This is a snuff movie. I'm shocked it is even considered to be in the IMDb library. And Bill Julia and all other "professional" actors involved should be ashamed to be part of this sick flick. I thought I was going to view a somewhat classic horror film with a creative end that writers like to invent....that usually make no sense when writing a horror film but as a viewer we try to rationalize and understand. This ending was not creative. It was sick and has all the earmarks of a snuff movie. I am shocked it was edited to this ending and more shocked that it will be out for distribution by the end of June 2009. It should not be shown in a theater. It is harmful to innocent minds on many levels....watch the movie the ending and you will understand this statement. Plus included in the plot is a sweet little girl "not yet 9" her character says. She is not in the snuff ending but she is an integral part of the movie. Why do directors feel they need to shock with a sick flick in order to get recognition? The director is in the wrong line of work if she thinks this is an art film.
critique5201 I rented this film when my girlfriend was away hoping to see some serious military/specialist action.<br /><br />After 10 minutes of watching this "movie" I was so terrified and horrified and sick of the quality of everything in this film that I was ready to destroy the rented disc with a flame thrower. Luckily I couldnÃ‚Â´t find one. IÃ‚Â´ve seen many bad films. But this is not even bad it is total garbage and it does not even deserve to be counted as a movie here on IMDB.<br /><br />I feel sorry for the people who have been involved in the making of this total disgrace. Hope it wins some Oscars though :D.
critique5202 Flight of Fury starts as General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organises an unofficial test flight of the X-77 a new stealth fighter jet with the ability to literally turn invisible. General Barnes gives his top pilot Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) the job & everything goes well until the X-77 disappears even more literally than Barnes wanted as Ratcher flies it to Northern Afghanistan & delivers it to a terrorist group known as the Black Sunday lead by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) who plans to use the X-77 to fly into US airspace undetected & drop some bombs which will kills lots of people. General Barnes is worried by the loss of his plane & sends in one man army John Sands (co-writer & executive producer Steven Seagal) to get it back & kill all the bad guy's in the process...<br /><br />This American British & Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keusch & was the third film in which he directed Seagal after the equally awful Shadow Man (2006) & Attack Force (2007) luckily someone decided the partnership wasn't working & an unsuspecting public have thankfully been spared any further collaboration's between the two. Apparently Flight of Fury is an almost scene-for-scene word-for-word remake of Black Thunder (1988) starring Michael Dudikoff with many of the same character's even sharing the same name so exactly the same dialogue could be used without the makers even having to change things like names although I must admit I have never seen Black Thunder & therefore cannot compare the two. Flight of Fury is a terrible film the poorly made & written waste of time that Seagal specialises in these days. It's boring even though it's not that slow the character's are poor it's full of clichÃƒÂ©s things happen at random the plot is poor the reasoning behind events are none existent & it's a very lazy production overall as it never once convinces the viewer that they are anywhere near Afghanistan or that proper military procedures are being followed. The action scenes are lame & there's no real excitement in it the villains are boring as are the heroes & it's right down there with the worst Seagal has made.<br /><br />Flight of Fury seems to be made up largely of stock footage which isn't even matched up that well the background can change peoples clothes change the area changes the sky & the quality of film changes very abruptly as it's all too obvious we are watching clips from other (better) films spliced in. Hell Seagal never even goes anywhere near a plane in this. The action scenes consist of shoot-outs so badly edited it's hard to tell who is who & of course Seagal breaking peoples arms. The whole production feels very cheap & shoddy.<br /><br />The IMDb reckons this had a budget of about $12000000 which I think is total rubbish I mean if so where did all the money go? Although set in Afghanistan which is a war torn arid desert Flight of Fury looks like it was filmed down my local woods it was actually shot in Romania & the Romanian countryside does not make a convincing Afghanistan. The acting is terrible as one would expect & Seagal looks dubbed again.<br /><br />Flight of Fury is a terrible action film that is boring amateurish & is an almost scene-for-scene remake of another film anyway. Another really lazy & poorly produced action thriller from Seagal why do I even bother any more?
critique5203 I guess this goes to prove that Joe Don Baker will do anything for a buck. The concept of the film wasn't very good to start with. This movie has so many bad things about it I don't know where to start. The acting is horrible. The cinematography is marginal at best. The soundtrack was pretty bad. The score is terrible. There's a reason why this movie ended up on Mystery Science Theater 3000. I voted before I wrote this and I cannot believe that 9 people actually thought this "film" is excellent. They must have liked the two go-go dancers. Final justice would be if they locked this stinker in the film vault outside Wichita and never let anyone see it again! A 1 out of 10 rating is far better than this deserves.
critique5204 Ah Channel 5 of local Mexican t.v. Everyday at 2:00 a.m. they air Horror movies from the 70's to early 2000's. It was "Return To Cabin By The Lake" the movie that aired yesterday. I regret for watching it.<br /><br />The original "Cabin By The Lake" was a regularly popular low budgeter and it was good accepted. The problem is that this sequel is horrible not even unintentionally funny and tries to imitate the original. Ugh. The plot is really stupid in all the sense of the word.<br /><br />The movie at some points looks like a soap-opera because of it's absurd dialogs cinematography and direction.<br /><br />My advice is : avoid this one at all costs. It's a movie that it shouldn't be watched by anyone. Not even for lovers of mediocre film-making.<br /><br />You have been warned.
critique5205 This movie gives a cinematic example of the word worthless. It's awful you can forget plot or decent acting cause it's not there. And with the dismissal of any decent story or acting or even the trait of being mildy frightening then there is usually only one plus left for a horror film. The appeal to those who like soft core porn. This film doesn't even have that. The women show a little skin but not really anymore than say the Xena show. Except for the main star who is not particularly attractive and has a couple of poor and I mean poor sex scenes. So in short if you like good movies you have no interest in this film if you like cheese you still don't have any reason to rent this film if you like erotica and soft core porn you really have no motive to rent this film and most importantly if you value your time in the slightest you cannot do better than to avoid this movie.
critique5206 The idea was awesome the actors were incredible the story could of been very scary but the writing was poor and there was no depth. I couldn't really get into this movie. I couldn't feel for the characters there were a lot of cliffhangers and the movie just ends very weirdly. Was it a happy ending? I don't know. Was it a sad ending? Again I don't know. You leave the theater feeling unsatisfied. The movie had so much to give but couldn't. Just because you can edit doesn't mean you should right? I wouldn't really recommend this movie because you just can't say that you left the movie feeling like it was completed. You'll just be confused. Trust me you will probably thank me if you don't watch this movie.<br /><br />3/10
critique5207 A not so good action thriller because it unsuccessfully trends the same water as early Steven Seagal films because there is not a very good set piece. Steven Seagal plays the same kind of character that he has played since Above the Law. In my opinion the performance of Keenen Ivory Wayans is wasted in such an average film and belongs in a much better film. Bob Gunton is okay as the main heavy. The best acting in the entire film belongs to Brian Cox who is very frightening in the role of the murderer. My favorite scenes are the fight scenes with the Russian mafia. One of the film reasons to see The Glimmer Man(1996) is for the brief appearence of the beautiful and voluptupus Nikki Cox. Its too bad that there were not more scenes with her in them.
critique5208 This sequel is a total rehash of the first film. A completely pointless movie. It basically just took every single sceanrio of the first film and they redid it in Omen IV except with a female antichrist this time. It even ends the same way as the first one! The music is too busy and interfering and because its pretty much a copy of Omen I it's extremely predictable. It's not a horrible movie it's not terribly made there is much worse movies out there this just had absolutely no point in being made. The Omen remake from 2006 is much worse even more pointless than this so I guess it has that. If you someone pointed a gun to your head and you had to choose to watch this sequel or the 2006 reamke I guess I'd choose this.
critique5209 What a boring movie. While it did have humorous parts it was just plain boring and lengthy (for a 90 minute movie). I believe that the cause was a lack of action.<br /><br />When I rented this movie I expected to see white blood cells combat the evil viruses but no such luck. It was more that the virus was thwarted than defeated.<br /><br />The movie had promise but since made for little kiddies in mind it did not meet its potential in my opinion.
critique5210 OK I am not Japanese. I do know a little about Japanese culture and a little less about Japanese pop culture. Other than that I am Spanish I eat paella and I like black humor.<br /><br />Good with that point set I can comment on the movie: I have no idea on how it is enjoyable to the Japanese audiences Mamoru Oshii is quite a good director- despite the overly pedantic postmodern stuff in the style of Talking Head and even that was curious and somehow interesting- and I am surprised he came up with this. It may just be one of those lost-in-translation cases I am afraid it is but as a European viewer watching the film with subtext overloaded English subtitles I just thought it was horrible. The jokes seemed bad the script was overcooked- I mean give the audience a break and shut up a little you damn narrator- to the point of almost making my head explode over an overkill of fast-paced speaking and absurd action.<br /><br />However I thought the animation was really cool. The idea is great and it is well exploited in those animated scenes. However the eye-candy finishes as soon as the characters are left aside to start with an endless not funny at all mumbo-jumbo speech over still pictures. It just makes you want to fast forward to the next cut-out hysterical characters scene.<br /><br />I read Mamoru Oshii is actually planning on a sequel for this. The idea was good but horribly exploited. Maybe the second part will bring up the good parts of this first one and actually make an interesting movie or maybe it will be more and more over-narrated scenes. But hell if you thought Talking Head was dense Amazing Lifes of Fast Food Gifters will give cause you a stroke.<br /><br />Of course all this comment is based on the experiences of someone who is European. Probably this is totally useless to Japanese people maybe it was a really funny film lost in cultural frontiers and translation. Maybe.
critique5211 I do not know which one was first released earlier in 1970 . Cannon for Cordoba is an "Europen Western" It was made in Spain. This means this is fairly inferior to Sergio Leone's so-called #Western Spaghetti and to the Real American Masterpieces of John Ford Sam Peckinpah Howard HuguesJohn Sturges and Anthony Mann in my order of merit. This order is not to be interpreted as all John Ford Westerns are better than all by Sam Peckipahn's. I think IMDb's 100 Sort them out all pretty well.<br /><br />The worse about this firm is the Casting. George Peppard is fit for a sergeant's role Raff Valone for a "Maffia Capo" and Giovanna Ralli to a "puttana" in "Piazza Vennezia" in the sixty's in Rome.
critique5212 By Randolph Scott standards of the 1950s this is a disappointing and heavy-handed star western. Two or three of the characters could be dispensed with while two or three other characters could be given more prominence. (The humour needs to be completely rewritten.) De Toth handles the action well - as always - but his grasp of the overall narrative is weak.
critique5213 This show lasted for most of the 1980s and had its moments but plots were usually dishwater thin and often painfully unfunny.<br /><br />Terry Scott and June Whitfield were wasted in this sitcom they both deserved better but it does provide some fond memories and I have found myself smiling at some repeated scenes. June Whitfield's talent for comedy is allowed to shine through on occasion (when she is not being a foil to Terry) and she really is clever.<br /><br />The 1980s is the last decade where you will find this kind of middle class middle aged comedy and many people remember it fondly but I prefer to remember the decade for alternative comedy and the biting satire of Spitting Image.
critique5214 I saw Arthur(the TV series and the books)years ago and never was fond of the show very much(if you're a fan of this cartoonsorry if I'm spoiling it for youbut this is actually what I think).Lots of people liked itbut I didn't.<br /><br />The school kids characters seemed to fought all the time(especially Arther and DW)they were nice to each other frequentlybut gradually I got tired of Arthur's complaining attitude towards everyone and his sister DW(however the name was spelled)and DW was an ADHD(or ADD)-like 4-year-old sister of Arthur who was sometimes demanding(which could be why Arthur got annoyed with what her routines werelike her imaginary friend and her stuffed animal collection etc.)Arthur's friends acted like teenagers instead of what they were like in the Arthur booksand the parentswellthey didn't care very much.<br /><br />The greatest cartoon was Rocko's Modern Lifenot Arthur(no offense).
critique5215 Way back at the dawn of human civilization cavemen sat around and made lame jokes hit each other over the heads with what ever they could grab and women were never seen and apparently at one time had tails. These cavemen lived in a geographically diverse region with a cockatoo a camel a monkey - but no women. This film tells of the "hilarious" misadventures of seven(or so) cavemen - having burned their land with the new discovery of fire - moving on by water to a new land where they find this woman with the extra appendage. Along the way we get such "great" moments of comedy like a fat cavemen swallowing a frog that keeps croaking in his stomach. A monkey throwing rocks at their heads. A man swallowing a mouse to get the frog in his stomach. The obligatory "gay" caveman. The list could go on and on. This movie is the very definition of cinematic dreck. I was bored from the onset and it only got worse as the cavemen bobbled around hitting each other making poor jokes such as puns on the word perch hitting each other and mauling poor Seta Berger who looks like she lost a bet to a producer to appear in this nonsense. She is indeed one of two bright spots in this film. She isn't much of an actress so you have to guess why she is an ass-et? The other "bright" spot is the music. As soon as I heard the score I said to myself that it sounded very familiar. I had never heard the actual score but the music was unmistakably that of Ennio Morricone. It's a nice score and the best thing in an otherwise crude boring lewd unimaginative and ridiculous film essentially about a group of Moes finding a woman for the first time and first wanting to eat her like some animal being taught what she could do. Awwwwh! Sorry I'm stifling a yawn as I relive the plot! The end of the film has some 100 or so mostly naked women on screen with all the erotic feel of pulling a scab off your knee. This movie was painful to sit through and offers nothing of any real merit whatsoever. The fact that it spawned a sequel doesn't surprise me as it offers that one thing which will prick viewer interest - tail.
critique5216 I gave this movie a chance only because it had very good reviews. After seeing the trailer I thought - what an unfunny movie full of clichÃƒÂ©s. But I decided to give it a shot because trailers often don't portray the movie very well. What a waste of time... The movie is worst than the trailer and after spending 2 hours watching it I couldn't recall one single line that made me laugh. The funniest parts of the movie were the CSI parodies but that also is pretty passÃƒÂ©. I couldn't relate to any of the characters nor hope that they will be together because I found them utterly stupid. The plot is extremely predictable and inconclusive. Unintelligent comedy for people who are either still in high school or feel that way mentally.
critique5217 Mona the vagabond lives on the fringes of French society in a life without meaning purpose or direction.<br /><br />I watched this because of all the stellar reviews but I'm afraid I must have missed something. The character of Mona has little or no personality while drifting through life being rude to people getting high and contributing nothing to anyone's life. She's not interesting or exciting. She's just useless.<br /><br />I've seen and known enough people like that: there is no secret meaning to what they're doing. They are just lazy bums. I wouldn't want Mona anywhere near me as she tends to steal anything that isn't nailed down and leave her friends in the lurch. Sure she's enigmatic - because there isn't anything to her. Lots of junkies winos and bums I've seen are enigmatic; I wouldn't want to see a film about them either.<br /><br />Possibly there is something there that I totally missed. Otherwise I'm assuming that all the reviews are from people who assume anything done by a French female director is high art.
critique5218 I first read "Lorna Doone" about 20 years ago and absolutely loved it! It is a classic historical romance set in the 1600s when the west country was several days' journey from London and law and order was much harder to enforce. Sadly this version of the book takes several liberties with the story and was incredibly disappointing in my opinion. The acting and production values are OK but the way the story was messed about with was dreadful. Why do television adaptations do this? Why would they think that the thousands of fans of a book would want them to change the story??? One of life's great mysteries!!! The BBC made an excellent version which was televised at Christmas in the early 1990s which I am still trying to track down a copy of! Take my advice read the book and don't bother with this paltry version!
critique5219 I never expect a film adaptation to follow too closely to the novel (especially a beloved one like Evening) but when I saw that the book's author Susan Minot was a screenplay writer and executive producer on the film I thought that Evening would be a good adaptation.<br /><br />If you enjoyed the book don't bother with this movie. It is so far afield of the book that the two hardly bear any resemblance to one another.<br /><br />Here our characters are completely different: the bride is in love with Harris. Harris is the son of the housekeeper. Buddy is a drunk in love with Ann and/or Harris. I don't think a single character made it from the book to the screen; oh it just gets worst with every passing moment.<br /><br />And really didn't we learn from Bridges of Madison County that cutting from the story we are meant to be enthralled in to scenes of our heroes' grown children having obnoxious and juvenile fights simply does not work on film? This film is a disaster. Skip it.
critique5220 Seriously I don't understand how Justin Long is becoming increasingly popular. He either has the best agent in Hollywood or recently sold his soul to Satan. He is almost unbearable to watch on screen he has little to no charisma and terrible comedic timing. The only film that he has attempted to anchor that I've remotely enjoyed was Waiting... and that is almost solely because I've worked in a restaurant. But I digress. Aside from it's terrible lead this film has loads of other debits. I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive. Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow. The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim). His one liners were funny on occasion but were certainly not enough to make this anywhere close to bearable. If you just want to completely turn your brain off (or better yet don't have one) then maybe you'd enjoy this but I can't recommend it at all.
critique5221 Lame ridiculous and absurd. My 6 year old son talked us into watching this rubbish. Tripe stereotypes and themes not appropriate for children. The antithesis of the commercialism of Christmas is not socialism it's Jesus.
critique5222 I wish I knew what to make of a movie like this. It seems to be divided into two parts -- action sequences and personal dramas ashore. It follows Ashton Kutsher through survival swimmer school guided by Master Chief Kevin Costner then to Alaska where a couple of spectacular rescues take place the last resulting in death.<br /><br />I must say that the scenes on the beach struck me as so stereotypical in so many ways that they should be barnacle encrusted. A typical bar room fight between Navy guys and Coast Guardsmen ("puddle pirates"). The experienced old timer Costner who is as an elderly bar tender tells him "married to the Coast Guard." The older chief who "keeps trying to prove to himself that he's still nineteen." The neglected ex wife ashore to whom Kostner pays a farewell visit. The seemingly sadistic demands placed on the swimmers by the instructors all in pursuit of a loftier goal. The gifted young man hobbled by a troubled past.<br /><br />The problem is that we've seen it all before. If it's Kevin Costner here it's Clint Eastwood or John Wayne or Lou Gosset Jr. or Vigo Mortenson or Robert DeNiro elsewhere. And the climactic scene has elements drawn shamelessly from "The Perfect Storm" and "Dead Calm." None of it is fresh and none of the old stereotyped characters and situations are handled with any originality.<br /><br />It works best as a kind of documentary of what goes on in the swimmer's school and what could happen afterward and even that's a little weak because we don't get much in the way of instruction. It's mostly personal conflict romance and tension about washing out.<br /><br />It's a shame because the U. S. Coast Guard is rather a noble outfit its official mission being "the safety of lives and property at sea." In war time it is transferred to the Navy Department and serves in combat roles. In World War II the Coast Guard even managed to have a Medal of Honor winner in its ranks.<br /><br />But again we don't learn much about that. We don't really learn much about anything. The film devolves into a succession of visual displays and not too much else. A disappointment.
critique5223 I rented this shortly after renting Ben Stein's "Expelled" and thought it would interesting to compare them. Before I go further it seems only fair that I point out the following so a reader can see if I'm prejudiced or not. I'm trying to be objective for the record.<br /><br />I tend to enjoy Maher's HBO show now and then though I rarely think he's the source of the humor. I don't really care for his stand-up either. But he makes some good points on the show now and again and I liked Politically Incorrect though he was still fairly politically correct (which I deem a negative because the very term sounds Orwellian or at least fascist). As for my religious views I'll say for simplicity's sake that I'm a non-denom. Christian with some views that are objectivist and some that are agnostic mixed in.<br /><br />That being said this a bad "documentary" for reasons that haven't been touched on yet by many reviewers--though the ones mentioned are valid too. The reason it's not convincing isn't just that he argues the main point without letting others talk (and his point boils down to nothing logical either it's just "come on really?" which isn't a point just a question. Try David Hume if you want a decent argument.). The reason this isn't convincing lies in his lack of experts on the subject matter. I saw this about 2 months ago and I only recall him talking to one person whose credentials as a professional were mentioned if he wasn't a clergyman. There are probably hundreds of scientists or at least professors with Masters or Doctorates willing to do a bit of verbal sparring particularly in the fields of History Anthropology or a host of others.<br /><br />If one compares this to Ben Stein's "Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed" he'll find that Stein interviews about 30 credentialed professors professionals clergy etc. He does this with a variety of sources with various backgrounds. He also makes a point in his film regarding freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily have pointed out wrongs committed by theocratic rules throughout centuries or persecutions from this. Instead he idiotically refers to the 20th century's secular totalitarian regimes as evidence of why secularism needs more socio-political power!!!! (it's in the bonus features where he's standing in front of the Anne Frank house I think.) This is a true Orwellian head-trip. He blames Christianity in particular on many pointless deaths--which has had its share though far smaller than most!!--without even including a basic view of the evidence. Perhaps this is because that argument is dwarfed by secular humanism's miserable record of the 20th Century ALONE.<br /><br />Another glaring weakness is his unwillingness to talk to anyone that would be considered a moderate or "average" practitioner. He picks out the weakest gazelles of the herd. How difficult is that? How does proving the existence of exceptions move toward disproving the general rule? It does not. Wow so people in cults think outside of the norm? How enlightening to know this. Great work Maher! Again it would be fairly easy to interview someone like Laurence Vance and include his work on refuting the idea of "patriotic duty" that demands a person fight in any war his country is involved in.<br /><br />Beyond all that he's just not that funny here. Some of the clips that are overlaid in "clever" out of context/irreverent ways might garner a laugh but mostly work to illustrate how a real contextual argument from Maher will NOT be forthcoming much less convincing. He spends most of his time bashing Christians spouting inaccuracies and interviewing fringe groups that he doesn't allow to really answer his questions.<br /><br />For the record there are good questions to honestly ask of religious folks and many they should ask of themselves. He touches on almost none of these. I get the feeling that I could've responded much better to most of his questioning than the people he interviewed but the whole thing reeks of deck-stacking in terms of what is included and what was edited out.
critique5224 Final Fantasy: Advent Children is and will remain a classic example of style over substance gone wrong. Instead of drawing upon the memorable characters and captivating mythology of the original game Square Enix has churned out a frivolous montage of incomprehensible battle scenes. Yes I said "incomprehensible." Did you know that Tifa knows blindingly fast Kung Fu techniques that magically cause the camera angle to shift every second? That Cloud can effortlessly suspend himself in midair for a full minute while wildly swinging away with his 2-ton sword? The English dub is mediocre. While not egregiously bad it is far from well-produced. The quality is comparable to that of an average anime dub.<br /><br />Here is what I'd like to say to the die-hard FFVII fans who can't stop gushing over this movie: Advent Children is the best fan service you could have hoped for from Square Enix but even a trashy CG flick like Galerians: Rion had a better story. You'll be embarrassed by this movie and its lack of thought in due time. The days of its novelty are numbered.<br /><br />Movies like Advent Children make me question whether Square Enix recognizes the potential of its franchises. After all (and no offense) it's a Japanese company. Japanese developers can deliver fun games but most of their offerings are disappointingly shallow. They are utter psychos however when it comes to production quality. Advent Children features some of the most breathtaking renders in CG history but that doesn't save it from its convoluted plot and cardboard characters.<br /><br />Any fan who followed this film knows Sephiroth comes back. Bending the story to accommodate his resurrection was a big mistake.<br /><br />NOTE: The one point I give this "film" is in honor of the 10000 enslaved Japanese animators who gave their lives to render each bleached blond hair on Cloud's effeminate Caucasian head.
critique5225 Whoever made this nonsense completely missed the point. Jane is a silly comic strip to titillate without being sleazy.<br /><br />This giant mess tries to be funny and exciting but is just a shambles. There is not one decent performance in it..even the usually reliable Jasper Carrott is painfully unfunny.<br /><br />The American bloke whose name escapes me is just as rubbiush as he was in flash gordon.<br /><br />Maud Adams tries as a villianess but she is a bit long in the tooth for this type of thing. All of these things would not matter if the girl was sexy or funny or likable.She is not. Kirsten Holmes faded into obscurity after this and so much the better.<br /><br />I've flushed more entertaining things than this down the toilet. Avoid
critique5226 I didn't particularly like Sliding Doors or Twice Upon a Yesterday so I certainly didn't this poor second-rate excuse for those films. An idea that's been done to death (what would happen if...?) and the script is shoddy and unsuccessful not to mention the obvious attempt at adding sex/nudity simply to gain an R rating and certain scenes that just weren't necessary but were there to push the boundaries (I really don't need to see a kid urinating or a struggle with a diaphragm. Especially when they have absolutely no connection to or use in the film).<br /><br />The acting was also very poor the only actor I found the least bit satisfying was her daughter; the rest were two-dimensional and quite unbelievable. The people I watched this with left the room about halfway through; I managed to finish it but not without fast forwarding through part of it.<br /><br />Overall: Nothing new here it's a generic and boring film. The few rather amusing moments are far outweighed by the silly or stupid ones. This would be dull even if it hadn't been done before. If it weren't such a rehash I'd rate it a five but even for an Indie film this was severely lacking and as a rehash it loses on originality as well: 3/10.
critique5227 I laughed twice watching this movie and in case you were wondering I wasn't having a bad day nor was I subjected to anything else that would've skewed my opinion while watching this cinematic bowel movement. This movie is bad. I wanted to enjoy it and I just couldn't. With all of this talent you'd think this would've been at least watchable right? Wrong.<br /><br />Let's play Sucked and Didn't Suck! John Travolta- Very likable. Though obviously buried under too much makeup I found him to be enjoyable to watch. Didn't suck.<br /><br />Uma Thurman- After Kill Bill 1 and 2 the girl deserves more than this atrociously written character. This character's big moment was showing someone how to operate a T-Mobile Sidekick. Sucked.<br /><br />Vince Vaughn- The done to death role of white guy who thinks he's black goes to Vince "Money" Vaughn. Is this character template still considered to be funny? I love the guy but I want to see him in something better than this. It felt like he was slumming. Sucked.<br /><br />Cedric the Entertainer- This guy is good. He delivers a great monologue after being called a racial slur (you can probably guess as to what it is) that was probably the best part of the movie. He was funny and truly elevated the material he was given just with his presence. Didn't suck.<br /><br />Harvey Keitel- Sucked due to a phoned in performance.<br /><br />James Woods- Sucked but not his fault. Actually yes it was. Reminded me of his role in Casino for some reason. I don't like manic James Woods I like slow burn James Woods. Victim of bad writing maybe? Andre 3000- Sucked but he went down swinging. I think he has potential as long as he's not being directed by a hack on his next picture.<br /><br />Christina Milian- She's absolutely beautiful and obviously talented but this movie isn't going to make her a star. Didn't suck but needs a better vehicle for her talents that isn't directed by a hack.<br /><br />The Rock- This should have been the role that catapulted him to movie stardom but as directed by F. Gary Gray winds up sadly mishandled. In this movie the Rock projects this charisma that makes him so likable that I wound up feeling sorry for him. He tries really hard and while he doesn't succeed completely he gets an A+ for effort from me. This guy is not afraid to embarrass himself and go completely against type playing a gay bodyguard with his eyes on stardom. I really want to see him make it big. He has what it takes as long as he's not being directed by a hack.<br /><br />Which brings me to what I feel was the weak link in this production. I might as well just come out and say it right? F. Gary Gray's direction was about as solid as really bad diarrhea. Wow it was bad. Who had the bright idea of letting this guy direct? The Negotiator was good but what else on his resume convinced people that he was the man for the job? Between his direction and the atrocious writing I'm willing to chip in for both culprits to get a nice lead salad to the knees. Wanna see John and Uma dance? I might be able to think of another movie with those two that I could recommend watching instead of this. Not worth the ten dollars and fifty cents it cost me to get into the theater.<br /><br />This movie could've been okay and it wasn't even "just okay".<br /><br />RATING: * out of *****.<br /><br />P.S. Fergie from Black Eyed Peas is noteworthy to mention. Sizzling!
critique5228 Kevin Kline and Meg Ryan are among that class of actors which I am always interested in seeing despite reviews. I have always found Ms. Ryan to be a charming and winsome actress in nearly all her roles and Kevin Kline is almost always worth watching.<br /><br />I say "nearly" and "almost" in large part because of this movie.<br /><br />First off Meg Ryan does not play a likeable character she plays a weak-willed whiner who begins grating on your nerves shortly after the opening credits and doesn't give up until several days later. That said Kevin Kline's character is even more annoying and less likeable. So even if you normally like these two actors I recommend your give this movie a pass.
critique5229 Hooper is Not Funny Not Fasted paced Not romantic and Non informative. There is no real drama. You would think that a movie about the world's greatest stuntman would have some drama there was an attempt but it didn't seem real. No Character study no lessons learned it did not even look like the actors were having any real fun they were just trying to act like they were having fun. There is no reason to watch unless you like to look at Burt and want get an occasional glimpse of Sally. Prancer the horse was beautiful and did what he was supposed to do. In fact Prancer was the best actor in this movie. Smoky and the Bandit was such a fun movie that I was ready to like Hooper. This movie turned out to be a real disappointment and waste of time
critique5230 Elvis has left the building and he's lucky because he didn't have to watch this unfunny stinker. Scene after scene director Joel Zwick finds ways to make an unfunny script even less amusing. Filled with unfunny deaths trite gay characteratures and hack jokes this film is more desperate than amusing. This is the sort of film that makes one hope Kim Basinger follows Doris Day into premature retirement. Let us remember her the way she was (talented) and not what she's become. David Leisure the delicious Dennis Richards and the rest are all wasted talents here. Zwick finds a way to minimize their talents at every turn. The guy playing Elvis sounds more like Gomer than the King.The only really good bit of casting is the young girl who plays Basinger as a preteen. She really looks like her and is actually pretty good. The only other reason to watch this film at all is to look for the Tom Hanks cameo. The cameo isn't all that funny but at least its not painful. One has to wonder if Zwick has incriminating pictures of Hanks or something that would make him do this movie.
critique5231 Not every movie with lesbian chicks and vampires touching our favorite trash/cult genre is nice. Unfortunately this movie lucks of originality and the performances do not come up with the trash standards. Seem the creator's intention to make it cult it failed. Trash movies are trash movies because it happens. You cant create in purpose this kind of films.I don't know if Mr Creepo is a legend (first time i heard his name) BUT if he is i wonder the reason...<br /><br />Awful. Even the lesbian scenes are pathetic so any fans of erotic x-ploitation films will not be satisfied as there a thousands of movies better than Barely Legal Lesbian Vampires.
critique5232 (spoiler warning) I seem to keep giving this guy his last chance. Strange how an action hero who once was keeps attracting an audience. Anyway this movie is about a character (Seagal) being kind of a mysterious rough-neck hero. That's it.<br /><br />Next.
critique5233 I've seen this movie about 6 or 7 times and it truly gets funnier every time. Perhaps what I enjoy most is the tired character paradigms that the movie offers us: the somber all-American male protagonist his blonde girlfriend the theater nerd with glasses a brunette girl the antagonistic jock and brunette girl #2. However we're then presented with two magician martial arts experts with mullets driving a convertible. If anyone can explain that please contact me. Among other highlights are Bobby Johnston's portrayal of the jock character Dell and his trademark line "That's why I keep her around." In watching Johnston's performance it comes as no surprise that his career quickly descended into the realm of soft-core porn. (SPOILER) Also after multiple viewings I STILL have absolutely no idea what that big demon at the end says at any point; it's just electronically muffled noises. Oh well that's probably for the better. And lastly why are all the demons so slippery? Is wet skin scarier? It certainly didn't help in this film.
critique5234 This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. They said this was the man's answer to Waiting to Exhale...All I'm going to say is that we really didn't respond at all. I couldn't believe that it was actually made. The director should choose another profession because he can't make a movie. The script wasn't good. It made no sense and was very messy. Bet movies are much better than this was and I was horribly disappointed to see the talented actor Terrence in this bad excuse of a movie. If I could turn back the hands of time I wouldn't go back to Media Play to never buy the movie I would just keep it wrapped sitting on the shelf instead of wasting my time watching it.
critique5235 The movie has the longest most tortured and agonized ending of any movie I've seen in a long time. Unfortunately it starts right after the opening credits. January Jones gives such a wooden performance I was surprised she didn't go up in flames when she got near the candles in the film. I don't really remember her from the other films she's done (a blessing I have to believe. I never criticize an actors performance because in film there are too many things which can affect it but in this caseit is so bad that it actually stands out from the ATROCIOUS script. Granted she's given lines and situations Meryl Streep would have trouble with but I swear at times shes reading from a cue card off set. At other times I thought she might actually be learning disabled or slow in some way. For REAL! The plot dialog and pacing are as bad as you'll ever see but there is still no excuse for this performance nor for the director that let it be perpetrated. I feel sorry for the other actors. Cruel intentions/ 10 little indians/breakfast club shoved into a rotten burrito then regurgitated by a grade school writer- director. Take that back this has Studio exec crayola all over it.
critique5236 I watched this movie with no idea what it was about beforehand. I was intrigued for the first whole hour. It was shaping up to be a great thriller. A very talented cast and good dialogue.Then it all fell apart for me at the sight of the first vampire. I couldn't believe my eyes.A great thriller was flushed down the toilet. The rest of the movie from that point was totally awful.<br /><br />I gave it 4 stars for the brilliant beginning alone. I think that's a little generous but I was entertained for a while. I'm not a fan of vampire or zombie movies at all.If you are then you may disagree with my opinion.
critique5237 The Ealing Comedies constitute their own specific sub-genre in the history of film. They were wry droll reflections on British life in the late Forties and early Fifties. They are always amusing but I feel it is misleading to characterise them as comedies. They are breezy and good-humoured rather than laugh-out-loud funny. However the best of them are laced with understated satire and shot through with an occasional dark streak (epecially Kind Hearts and Coronets and The Ladykillers).<br /><br />I have an affection for all of them but The Lavender Hill Mob is probably the one I have most difficulty with. Compared to the others it seems somewhat perfunctory. To me it is an outline sketch for a movie but one that needed to spend a lot more time in development before it was ready to go before the cameras.<br /><br />Everything about it is a bit undercooked. For example nobody is given any real context or background. Henry is simply a dutiful drudge whose secret dreams and hidden ambitions go unrecognised while Albert is a frustrated artist forced to prostitute his talent by making gift shop trash for a living. This establishes a motive for their crime but nothing that subsequently happens is a consequence either of their characters or their plan.<br /><br />Other characters are introduced but play no real part in the story. The elderly resident in Henry's guest house could (with her love of detective stories) have been made an unwitting thorn in his side but is merely used as background 'colour'. Similarly the various policemen who pop in and out of the action are simply there to keep the plot ticking along.<br /><br />As a result the movie is driven entirely by its contrived plot devices which I find both frustrating and faintly irritating. The not-very-ingenious robbery is accomplished with minimal problems despite Albert being prevented from carrying out his part in the plan (by Sidney Tafler's Clayton). The gold is then smuggled to France without mishap. Everything would have gone smoothly if it wasn't for a minor hitch lamely based on the French pronunciation of the letter 'R' which results in six of the gold Eiffel Towers being accidentally sold to some English schoolgirls.<br /><br />This leads to a series of frantic chases as Henry and Albert seek to retrieve them. These scenes are well executed but at each point the conspirators are frustrated in their pursuit of the schoolgirls by a series of wholly factitious accidents. It is as if God is deliberately intervening to give them a hard time. This kind of plotting always has me grinding my teeth.<br /><br />When they finally track the last Eiffel Tower to a Police Academy exhibition and snatch it from under the nose of John Gregson's Police Inspector (why is he there anyway?) all shreds of plot logic are abandoned. The final car chases are then simply filling up screen time until we are returned to the framing device with which the picture began.<br /><br />The movie doesn't even bother to tell us the fate of Albert (Stanley Holloway) Lackery (Sid James) and Shorty (Alfie Bass).<br /><br />This genial little caper has the professionalism of the Ealing team behind it so it is far from being a bad movie. I suspect most viewers will find it considerably more enjoyable than I do (and why shouldn't they?) but I cannot help thinking there was a much better movie waiting to be made if only more time and effort had been expended on fleshing out both the characters and the story.<br /><br />By the standards established by Ealing Lavender Hill Mob is a missed opportunity.<br /><br />PS: One curious footnote is that Audrey Hepburn gets a credit for her single line early on but Archie Duncan remains anonymous despite his much more substantial contribution. I guess she just had a better agent.
critique5238 I have to be honest and admit that this movie did basically nothing for me except baffle me completely. It's burdened with a plot that revolves around the mysterious murders of several young women which then gets linked to the discovery of a body over 40 years old. The story never really seems to make much sense especially when Robicheaux (played by Tommy Lee Jones) starts having his conversations with Confederate General John Bell Hood (I never really did figure that out.) Jones was OK in his role although I thought he was really starting to show his age here. Horribly miscast was John Goodman as Julie "Baby Feet" Balboni who I guess is supposed to be some sort of local mob figure. I simply didn't think Goodman worked in this role although I'll admit that just could be because I'm not much of a John Goodman fan. Somewhere in the mix appeared Justina Machado as an FBI agent although I never really did understand what the FBI was involved in which could mean simply that my attention kept wandering from the screen. If it was explained though I missed it completely. Fortunately this is a fairly short movie so you won't waste too much of your life on it. 2/10
critique5239 This movie is terrible. The suspense is spent waiting for a point. There isn't much of one.<br /><br />Aside from a few great lines ( "I found a tooth in my apartment" ) and the main characters dedication to killing himself it's a collection of supposedly eerie sounds.<br /><br />
critique5240 This might be for those who have been to summer camps but it sure isn't an entertaining camp. I went to one before but it didn't make me scream up and down for joy. Instead it made my head hurt.<br /><br />The first thing you notice is that Bill Murray actually had some hair in the 70s. Yeah and he also didn't mind running some. But to get him to run a lot you would need to give him a woman to chase after.<br /><br />Its not that some of the stunts can't be funny. For example the running joke with one of the councilors who is always waking up somewhere else due to the movement of his bed. Instead its that the jokes and stunts were poorly setup and executed. It just failed to be funny.<br /><br />To somebody who loves comedy this is a pain. Others are glued to it for life. I wish it was more like Leonard Part 6 but it doesn't come close. "F"
critique5241 I rented the dubbed-English version of Lensman hoping that since it came from well-known novels it would have some substance. While there were hints of substance in the movie it mostly didn't rise above the level of kiddie cartoon. Maybe the movie was a bad adaptation of the book or it lost a lot in the dubbed version. Or maybe even the source novels were lightweight. But for whatever reason there wasn't much there.<br /><br />I noticed lots of details that were derivative sloppy poorly dramatized or otherwise deficient. Some examples: The opening scenes looked borrowed from the 2001 "star gate" scene and the Star Wars image of hyperspace. The robot on the harvester looked like an anthropomorphized "R2-D2".<br /><br />It starts out trying to borrow its comic relief style of Star Wars but mercifully (since the humor doesn't work) gives up on comedy and plays it serious. In that sense it's superior to the Star Wars franchise which started with a clever sense of humor and eventually deteriorated to Jar-Jar's annoying silliness.<br /><br />The agricultural details were apparently drawn by someone who had never seen a farm. The harvester was driving through the unharvested middle of a field dumping silage onto unharvested crops rather than working from one side to the other and dumping the silage onto already-harvested rows or into a truck. Corn (maize) was pouring out the grain chute but the farm lands were drawn like a wheat field.<br /><br />When it was time for Kim's father had to face his fate there wasn't any dramatic weight to the scene. That could have been partly the fault of the English-language voice actor but the drawings didn't show much weight either. Kim's reactions in that scene were similarly unconvincing.<br /><br />Similarly when a character named Henderson was killed Chris showed very little reaction even though they were apparently supposed to have been close. (Henderson's death is no spoiler; his name isn't revealed until his death scene.) She seems to promptly forget him. Someone's expression of sympathy shows more feeling than she does. I think the voice actor deserves most of the blame in that case; there's at least a hint of feeling in the drawings of Chris.<br /><br />On several occasions villains fail to accomplish their orders. A villain leader often punishes those failures with miserable deaths. I can't say whether that's lifted from Star Wars or if that comes from an earlier source -- possibly the Lensman books.<br /><br />There's a scene where a space ship crash-lands. As it plunges toward the ground parts are break off the ship. But so many pieces are fall off that there should be nothing left of it by the time it lands.<br /><br />While in most cases Chris seems like a competent tough space hero there's a scene where she shrieks like an incompetent damsel in distress. Someone tough enough to get over Henderson's death so quickly should at least be able to shout "help it's got me and I can't reach my gun!" instead of just shrieking.<br /><br />The character with the most personality (almost too much at times) is D.J. Bill. He sounded like Wolfman Jack the D.J. in American Graffiti. I wonder if he's as well-voiced in the original language.<br /><br />Two planets in the movie exploded. The explosions were unimpressive and appeared to owe a lot of inspiration to Star Wars. To its credit however the cause of the explosion was completely unlike the Death Star's primary weapon. The dialog had a good interesting explanation for the cause. Many other explosions in the movie did look good just not the planetary explosions.<br /><br />Some of the sound effects are very cheesy as if borrowed from a late 1970s video game. Some of the images look like primitive video games and some influence from Tron is visible too. On the other hand the sound effects are often pretty decent although that emphasizes the cheesy-sounding parts. The art is good too particularly when it stays away from the often cheesy-looking computer graphics.<br /><br />Finally there's the story. If a movie tells a good story it can get away with a lot of production shortcomings. But the plot here was pretty lightweight. A naÃƒÂ¯ve boy tries to help someone on a crippled space ship and acquires a great power he doesn't understand. He and his band of very virtuous companions struggle against a powerful unredeemably evil enemy. He makes friends learns about his special power and grows into a young man. If he is persistent and virtuous enough he might even defeat the evil enemy. Details along the way can make such a story rise above the simple outline but there's very little more than that in this movie.<br /><br />In the end it's just a kiddie cartoon. But then since it looks like the primary intended audience is older children maybe it doesn't need to be anything more than that.
critique5242 Orca starts as crusty Irish sea captain Nolan (Richard Harris) & his crew are trying to capture a Great White Shark so they can sell it for big bucks unfortunately when a hapless marine biologist called Ken (Robert Carradine) comes under attack from it the Shark is killed by a Killer Whale this raises Nolan's interest in Killer Whales & decides he want's to catch one of them instead. However while trying to do so he catches a pregnant female & injuries it to the extent she aborts her unborn foetus on deck which makes a mess & enrages her mate Nolan orders the Whale be dumped back in the sea which is what happens. The male Killer Whale is annoyed to say the least & kills one of Nolan's crew before they reach the dry land of Newfoundland in Canada once there the Killer Whale conducts a series of attacks on the town & it's people in an effort to lure Nolan back out to sea for a fight to the death...<br /><br />Directed by Michael Anderson I thought this blatant rip-off was terrible I'm sorry but I thought it was just plain ridiculous & utterly dull even at a modest 90 odd minutes. The script by producer Luciano Vincenzoni & Sergio Donati is so stupid I'm lost for words the fact that it seems to take itself very seriously doesn't help & if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling go on about how intelligent Killer Whale's are just one more time I'll scream. I'm sorry but I simply don't believe a Killer Whale is intelligent enough to know who any particular boat belongs to & sink it I don't believe a Killer Whale can cause a huge explosion including knocking an oil lantern from a wall on the opposite side it hits as there is no way on earth it could know it was there I don't believe a Killer Whale can identify someone's house know someone is in there & then wreck it on purpose I don't believe a Killer Whale can move icebergs around in order to trap a boat I don't believe Killer Whales can physically recognise people & I don't believe it has any revenge instincts or at least none that are as strong as this dumb film makes out. Maybe I'm being a bit harsh I mean it's only a film after all but it's a film which is trying to be serious & things just got so ridiculous that I was half expecting the Killer Whale to write a letter to Nolan to tell him his plan & hand (or should that be fin?) deliver it the thing seemed intelligent enough to do just about anything else. They should have asked it to come up with a cure for the common cold! Seriously that's a statement that's no more far fetched than anything else in this film. I found the film very boring totally dull & had awful character's with no on screen presence at all. It goes without saying this is a Jaws (1975) rip-off which doesn't even come close to Spielberg's classic.<br /><br />Director Anderson is no Spielberg that's for sure this rubbishy film has absolutely no suspense scares tension or atmosphere at all. All the attack scenes are as dull as dishwater & totally forgettable there's no build up to them & virtually no pay off either as Orca doesn't get to eat a single person. Then there's the scenes which literally had me laughing the shots of the Killer Whale appearing to cry are pure comedy & the opening scenes of the two Killer Whales I suspect tried to show them as a 'loving' & 'caring' couple but I couldn't help but think that this is the closest we'll ever get to Killer Whale porn hilarious stuff. The footage of the Killer Whales themselves is bland & boring instead of footage which matches & enhances the scenes around it it just looks like dreary wildlife documentary footage that has little connection to anything else. Do you get the impression that I don't like this film? Good. Forget about any gore or decent deaths either there's a brief scene when Bo Derek has her legs bitten off but blink and you'll miss it.<br /><br />This probably had quite a big budget & it still sucks there's nothing outstanding about Orca it's well made I suppose but flat bland & totally forgettable. The cinematography is quite nice though. The acting is bad Rampling is awful & the late Harris' Irish accent is embarrassing.<br /><br />Orca is a lame Jaws rip-off which completely ignores or messes up everything that made Spielberg's film so good this is one for bad movie lovers everywhere. Definitely not recommended although not quite as bad as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
critique5243 Ladies and Gentlemen may we present the worst of all Disney remakes. Although the name of this movie is "That Darn Cat" it should have been "That Darn Teen" or "FBI Agent". The cat didn't get any real good scenes Ricci's character was more annoying than funny Doug E. Doug didn't get any good lines even Dean Jones's cameo role couldn't save this movie! The only really good characters were the town's only two auto mechanics but their scenes were only brief. In all I'd say that if you are considering watching this movie go get something more intelligent like a Barney video.
critique5244 Who likes awful "comedy" shows like Little Mosque on the Prairie? The only two kinds of people I can think of who watch this are: One Muslims and self-proclaimed Liberal defenders of every ethnic group who are so thrilled there is a show about Muslims that it doesn't even matter if the show is good or funny at all (which it is not). Two old people and people whose idea of comedy is incredibly predictable badly written stale jokes.<br /><br />CBC needs to really take a look at what they are doing and who their audience is. If they keep only writing comedy for really old people then guess what will happen their audience will die off soon and they will have no audience left. I'd be curious who even writes for this show? Do you think it's actually Muslims or hip funny young people? No I bet it is old white guys who have been writing the same jokes for the same kind of bad CBC shows since the 1960's.<br /><br />When you look at the CBC comedy shows there are Air Farce was only finally just taken off the air (thank goodness!) but we still have lame ducks like This Hour Has 22 Minutes and Rick Mercer that we are paying for not to mention this poor excuse for "comedy" Little Mosque on the Prairie. It is supposed to be offencive and funny? Only the CBC would think this lame show is at all offencive or funny. Shame on the CBC for squandering our tax dollars on shows only a few people would bother watching.
critique5245 Hilariously obvious "drama" about a bunch of high school (I think) kids who enjoy non-stop hip-hop break dancing graffiti and trying to become a dj at the Roxy--or something. To be totally honest I was so bored I forgot! Even people who love the music agree this movie is terribly acted and--as a drama--failed dismally. We're supposed to find this kids likable and nice. I found them bland and boring. The one that I REALLY hated was Ramon. He does graffiti on subway trains and this is looked upon as great. Excuse me? He's defacing public property that isn't his to begin with. Also these "great" kids tap into the city's electricity so they can hold a big dance party at an abandoned building. Uh huh. So we're supposed to find a bunch of law breakers lovable and fun.<br /><br />I could forgive all that if the music was good but I can't stand hip hop. The songs were--at best--mediocre and they were nonstop! They're ALWAYS playing! It got to the point that I was fast-forwarding through the many endless music numbers. (Cut out the music and you haver a 30 minute movie--maybe) There are a few imaginative numbers--the subway dance fight a truly funny Santa number and the climatic Roxy show. If you love hip hop here's your movie. But it you're looking for good drama mixed in--forget it. Also HOW did this get a PG rating? There's an incredible amount of swearing in this.
critique5246 while watching this piece of crap! The Day after I saw a 1min Trailer - that one minute included all ALL what was at least not boring to watch...<br /><br />so don't waste money or time on this one get the original it's much better though the effects might not be up to date...
critique5247 I agree with one commentator who says that it's really impossible to review Glen or Glenda? objectively. If one does so the film on its merits would have to be rated as fairly terrible given the hilarious convoluted dialog the generally mediocre to poor acting by the cast as well as the zero production values. Yet such an assessment does not capture the absolutely riveting experience of watching this film as it unfolds. It isn't the fact that the subject of the film is transvestitism and that it was a controversial lifestyle choice in the 1950s. It's not even the plea for tolerance of people who embrace alternate life choices that fascinates except as an historic relic.<br /><br />No what makes Glen or Glenda? still a fascinating film after 50 years is that Ed Wood laid his psyche bare in a way that so-called auteur directors like Hitchcock or Godard despite their vastly superior talents never did. In Glen or Glenda Wood isn't afraid to reveal his own deeply conflicted feelings about being a transvestite despite the plea for tolerance for it through out the film. Indeed the conclusion of the film suggest that Ed Wood's Glen character will be able to "kill" his Glenda female counterpart by transferring the feelings of love and affection Glen has for his feminine counterpart to his future wife Barbara. The psychiatrist even reassures Glen and Barbara that as Glen makes that psychic transference Glenda will disappear. So while Wood could plead for tolerance of transvestites in general he wasn't so sure of desiring it for himself.<br /><br />Moreover Wood wasn't afraid of throwing everything else that crossed his mind on the screen. He did it with whatever stock footage he could get his hands on. If it didn't cohere so what? What the viewer saw in Glen or Glenda especially was Ed Wood's imaginative world in all of its fundamental strangeness.<br /><br />The only comment I wish to add to my comment above is that my two-star rating is based solely on the objective evaluation criteria cited in the first paragraph. The oddly memeric effect the film has despite its technically atrocious qualities I don't think can be rated.
critique5248 I really wanted to like this movie because it is refreshingly different from the hordes of everyday horror movie clones and I appreciate that the filmmakers are trying for something original. Unfortunately the plot just didn't hold together and none of the characters were likable enough for me to really care about them or their fates.<br /><br />Visually The Toybox was pretty interesting. The director took a lot of somewhat risky moves like adding in little bits of (Flash-looking) animation in parts and really cheesing up some of the special effects (such as the light from a certain amulet). Sometimes this worked and sometimes it didn't but he deserves kudos for the attempt and the cinematography was generally of high quality.<br /><br />Unfortunately when this same approach of throwing lots of things at the wall to see what sticks was applied to the plot the results were not very good. The film never really finds a tone that it likes moving schizophrenically from black comedy to family soap opera to 80's witchcraft flick to childhood nostalgia to embattled-family slasher. Taken on their own bits and pieces of each of these elements work fairly well but nothing ever coheres into a satisfying whole. Besides that large bits of the plot are never really explained. I'm not one who likes to have everything spoon-fed to me and I like movies that leave things up to the audience to decide but the parts that are left out from The Toybox just seem like they either ran out of money before they could explain them or they didn't really think things through to begin with.<br /><br />I look forward to the director's next project since I think there is a lot of talent lurking under the surface here but I can't really recommend The Toybox on its own merits.
critique5249 I waited quite awhile till I was able to watch this Lone Ranger movie. I finally got to see it on the Lone Star Channel today and was very disappointed in the whole movie. Clayton Moore and John Hart acted better Lone Rangers and Jay Silverheels as Tonto than the two stars in this movie. Very poor acting was done by everyone in this movie. Even the plot was bad and far fetching. I believe the horse portraying Silver was the best actor throughout this movie.I am glad I didn't go out and buy a copy of this movie when it first came out as I feel it's a waste of good money. I am truly sorry the characters that Clayton Moore John Hart and Jay Silverheels played and brought to life on the silver screen have been tarnished so badly. Unless in the future they find actors worthy of portraying the characters in the same manner which Clayton John and Jay did so well in the past I'll not spend the money to buy the movie. I'll not watch this movie again.<br /><br />Wayne Davies
critique5250 Definitely definitely the worst film I've ever seen no questions asked! Contradictors of this opinion might argue that this title should not be judged by the same criteria as others since it's an independent low-budget film but c'mon already Ã‚Â– the amateurism and meager innovation is horrifying.<br /><br />Agreeing with everything that has been said about this film for example the mind numbingly weak acting (when it's this bad you take another go at shooting the scene god damn it) the thing I found the most annoying was the total lack of common sense in the script assuming such a thing existed during the production. There was an obvious absence of a dialogue with respect for the viewers the girls switched personalities several times and they seemed to show absolutely no sing of any rationality or even brains - five relatively fit girls against one slight female psychopath Ã‚Â– gang up on her why don't you?<br /><br />The only thing that can be regarded as somewhat of a conquest for this title is the camera not leaving the van at any time thus the viewer seeing everything from inside it - which is as the rest of the film a good idea executed exponentially dreadfully.<br /><br />Ã‚Â…oh and by the way this movie is NOTHING like The Blair Witch Project or Cloverfield or any other title filmed with a hand-held camera Ã‚Â– this is an effect and not a trait! Used cleverly it can be breathtaking but in this case it's an excuse for inadequate cinematography.
critique5251 The plot sounds vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transplant animal eyes and optic nerves into other animals like humans. A young man (Monteith) is blinded saving a coworker at work - the scientist gets a call from a doctor that the young man is a good candidate to be the first human recipient. The recipient starts becoming more and wolf-like but the effect is nothing more than "weird eyes" and running at night with dogs! (for the whole movie) The budget is too low the dialogue too stilted (I laughed out loud at some of the ridiculous talk) and the acting too inept. Long portions of the movie are nothing more than dreamy looks eerie music and interspersed clips of wolves in the wild. Way too long even at 90 minutes boring and devoid of ideas.<br /><br />The military want to use the eye transplants to give wounded soldiers back their eyesight and presumably want to militarize the technology. There's a silly subplot about a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help using Indian wisdom about the wolves. They make love while music heavy on drums and Indian chanting is heard - crazy man! The love making takes place immediately after a gruesome murder - who edited this turkey?! A grouchy "medicine man" who spouts platitudes seems to do little except for adding atmosphere.<br /><br />Here's two ridiculous scenes. A worker at the research lab goes into the animal room to discover the monkeys have been let out of their cages. She gets scared looks left at the monkeys turns right turns left turns right turns left .. this goes on for a while (who edited this??). RUN OUT OF THE DAMN LAB! It was so stupid I started laughing. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home escapes out a window as the heavily armed military arrive - he leaves the window open the military guys go to the open window look out the window they say "looks like he was here" and LEAVE! He went out the open window guys!! Crazy.<br /><br />Near the end of the movie military guys are firing machine guns over and over at trees when obviously nothing is there - easier to place the squibs I guess. They have 6 machine guns which have cut down trees but decide to fight our hero with 1 knife!!! Shoot the guy!! Who wrote this trash?? There's a pointless confrontation at the end and believe me I'm not spoiling anything for you - there's not enough plot to spoil.<br /><br />I figure the whole thing was a tax write-off or a rush job to make use of unused budget money left over from some better movie.
critique5252 After watching AwakeI led to a conclusion:director and screenwriter Joby Harold made Awake with the intention of laughing at the spectatorfor the simple fact the movie is full of ridiculous elements.Awake has a lot of plot holes and it is full of absurd and ridiculous elements(for examplethe hospital uniform the spirit of the main character uses...did the ghost of a doctor leave it in the floor ?).The concept behind this movie is slightly ingenious but all the plot holes and the absurd things make of this a stupid and crappy film.With the exception of the great Lena Olinall the actors bring bad performances.Hayden Christensen has zero expressions and the same applies for Jessica Alba.The extraordinary actor Terrence Howard is enormously wasted on his role.Awake makes a laugh of the spectator.It's so ridiculous and full of absurd things that it's impossible to take it seriously.My recommendation is:skip this crappy movie.
critique5253 Hulk Hogan stars as a champion wrestler (A real acting stretch...) named Rip who is forced to defend his honor his title and his girlfriend from a greedy corporation that wanted him to sign for their network (Because wrestling sells!) however when Rip declines the network gets a circuit fighting championship called (and i'm totally serious) "Battle of the tough guys" who's champion Zeus (Played by Tiny Lister Jr) maybe the deadliest man alive. Rip refuses to fight until his brother is attacked and put in a hospital. No Holds Barred is pretty much what I expected from Vince McMahon production starring the least versatile actor in the action genre (Hogan) it is basically lots of unintentional humor tons of awkward sequences a couple okay action sequences and tons of stupidity. In other words it's not unlike wrestling itself so I give it a fair rating mainly because anyone renting this knows what they're getting. The movie is cheap but well made enough for what it is and really wrestling fans will probably enjoy this. I myself found this to be ultimately hilarious. They're are moments of such absurdity that you only chuckle to yourself. (Such as the way Hogan jumps 20 feet in the air after being stuck in a limo how he forces a guy to crap himself and of course the way Hogan recites from his cuecard. (I.E:"I'm not going to be around when this check clears!") No Holds Barred is a lot of fun true though it's mainly because of how ridiculous it is. Fans of camp should really enjoy this clever clinker.<br /><br />* * out of 4-(Fair)
critique5254 As cute and adorable as they are the story of three singing chipmunks just doesn't seem to have enough meat to it to sustain it for an hour and a half. I thought that the first half hour or so of this movie was well worth watching. It was fun it had a few laughs in it it was full of energy. Then it somehow just lost that. I wouldn't even say it faded away because it seemed quite abrupt to me. The fun was gone; the laughter disappeared. My daughter noticed it too. She's 4 - she laughed uproariously several times in that first part of the movie then her laughter stopped. Perhaps it took on too serious a tone - the evil movie producer working the chipmunks to death. Something happened anyway and it wasn't for the better.<br /><br />Of course the movie is trying to tell the story of how the chipmunks (Alvin Simon and Theodore) began. Everyone knows the Christmas song. Here we discover how they met Dave and got their start. The movie is updated to the present time although their real origin is noted by Dave's street address of 1958 which was the year when the animated singing rodents were first created. Jason Lee did a pretty good job as Dave and the chipmunk voices were also pretty good. David Cross as the evil Ian irritated me to be blunt and I couldn't figure out the point of the character of Claire played by Cameron Richardson. She added little to the movie. It's a movie you can watch with the kids - it's probably a movie you'd only want to watch with the kids in fact. It gets a 4/10 from me.
critique5255 This movie was just plain bad. I can forgive low-budget films for being low budget but it wasn't funny it wasn't smart it had no redeeming qualities at all unless you really like looking at fake boobs. I don't know what this genre is classified as possibly erotic horror but if so-- well it's neither sexy nor scary. Tying it into the Slumber Party Massacre movies was useless; I'd never seen the previous movies myself and except for one scene that attempted to tie it together I had no way of knowing who the escaped psycho killer in 'Cheerleader' was or why they were bothering with including him especially because (and I don't think I'm revealing anything here) it was really obvious that the cheerleader killer in this film wasn't him. As for the actual murderer? All I can say is lame. Really lame. When you find out why the killer is offing the cheerleading squad (and the squad's coach and two stoners who happened to be on the bus trip they're taking and the bus driver just for the heck of it apparently) you will sit there and go-- WTF? Worst excuse for a murdering spree ever. The "actors" (two guesses why I added the quotes) generally looked like low-budget porn rejects which they most likely were. Those poor people trying to break into "legitimate" film. One of my friends had this to say about the actor who played Buzzy the bus driver: "He looks like the guy who you know gets really into it and his face gets all red and stuff." We had a good larf at that. Half of the other actors had all the skill and subtlety of the actors in the sixth grade production of "Annie" I just saw. The other half pretty much seemed bored to death (especially in the deleted scene this one redhead...) and by ten minutes into this movie I was too.<br /><br />A note: the DVD contains one deleted scene which would've put the movie from R-rated to NC-17 if it had been left in. It was entirely gratuitous and as adult entertainment goes of no quality whatsoever. The only reason to bother with it is to laugh a lot at the badness.
critique5256 Chip Foose is an absolute genius and the end result of the projects are truly amazing. The co-hosts do a good job. I particularly enjoy watching the "project" come together. The end results are much better than when they came off the assembly line what with the mechanical and cosmetic advances of today. However I do get annoyed somewhat at the fact the "projects" seem to be the property of the already rich and/or famous. It's too bad the ones getting overhauled can afford the undertaking. Let's see now Vince Neill of Motley Crew gets a car make over for his buddy. Hello! If he (Neill) were a true friend he would have paid to have his friend's car restored. What a joke! Another episode shows a middle aged seemingly well-to-do gal getting her '56 caddy named Betsy done. The husband of 30+ years was behind it all. The couple looked like money was not in short supply. What a shame. I guess the lunch pail guys like me will have to save for the day that will never come. I happen to own a '53 Ford project Chip. Will somebody pick me?
critique5257 This film was really terrible.<br /><br />However  it's worth seeing  as it features the worlds most unnecessarily extended sex scene ever. I mean  this thing went on for about 7 - 8 minutes (repeating the same 'moves' over and over) thats almost 10 % of the whole film! I haven't laughed as hard as I laughed at that for a long time.<br /><br />There were some seriously strange and pointless goings on in this film but the one that I found funniest was when (for no reason whatsoever) a helicopter lands and 5 or 6 guys in orange suits run in to the complex near the end. 2 minutes later they run out again. What the hell was that for?? Also  the tiny white forklift that magically changed into a huge yellow digger was pretty classic. I'm led to beleive that this is because they used footage from the 'carnosaur' trilogy to patch up this absolute donkey. I'm gonna have to see those now!<br /><br />The film is worth watching for a laugh or two  but if you dont find bad movies funny stay away!
critique5258 I hate this movie! It was NOTHING like the book and just thinking about it makes me mad. If you watch the movie before reading the book then yeah it's a good movie. But King's book was AMAZING and this movie was nothing like it. I mean the general meaning might be sort of similar but most aspects of the movie are completely different. The ending for example! So in the book it is extremely intense and Danny and Wendy escape seconds before the hotel explodes. but in this horrible movie version jack like takes them through a stupid maze... yeah there is no maze in the book and there is no reason for it. Another part that made me angry was that jack just kills Mr. Halloran! what the heck he is basically the hero of the book and they just kill him off like he wasn't important. Overall it was just bad that the movie was so extremely off.
critique5259 For a science scare movie to work well it has to be either truly original or a very good retelling. This movie is neither. Sure there is a pseudo-original twist in that the guy kills people because of a toxin and not because of a disease but that is a very minor twist. There is the government conspiracy angle the crusader protagonist who has personal experience...<br /><br />And one real drawback of this movie is that the contaminated man has no pathos. Although the character is scripted to be someone who should be pitied he is not. Without the pity the movie is pointless. The other characters are so cookie cutter they are ridiculous. The subplots are convoluted and annoying. And the saddest thing is the movie is too flat to even be enjoyed as mock material. Make the movie a 45 minute short and it might be worth watching.
critique5260 Investigative reporter Darren McGavin (as Carl Kolchak) is back; this time he's after "The Night Strangler". Once again police officials and fellow journalists either disbelieve or want to cover-up the supernatural angle. Producer-director Dan Curtis presents the same basic story as his preceding "Night" with understandably less success.<br /><br />Mr. Curtis assembles a fun supporting cast included are "Dark Shadows" alumni George DiCenzo and Ivor Francis. Jo Ann Pflug (as Louise Harper) heads up a sexy collection of belly-dancers. And although I've never seen it mentioned anywhere that must be Roger Davis as Mr. McGavin's dining companion in an early scene feigning disbelief in the existence of vampires! <br /><br />**** The Night Strangler (1/16/73) Dan Curtis ~ Darren McGavin Jo Ann Pflug Simon Oakland Wally Cox
critique5261 Follows the same path as most sequels. First one was great. Second was average and this one full of bad acting and some stupid dialog and well as a lot of suspension of disbelief this movie was weak.<br /><br />Too predictable and I just couldn't stand that Henry Wrinkler-like boss with that stupid eye there was so much more they could have done with this. I liked the first one a lot. I wish they would have went more down those lines rather than what they did here.<br /><br />There was too much unexplained that needed to be explained what time period this was in and why why why is there an old fashioned phone in that room?<br /><br />I understand there is another one in the works. <br /><br />Blah!
critique5262 Even though the plot was very well detailedand the story line was understandable the fact that Steven Seagals voice was dubbed with some one else's through out most of the movie was distressing as you were unsure who was talking . There were many parts where he would start to talk in his deep raspy voice and then the next some one else's voice was doing the talking for him. I don't know the reason however if he had difficulty with his voice during production of the movie I think they could have re shot the events that did not contain his own voice when he had recovered. I have rated this movie 3 out of 10 based on the quality of the film. When one pays for a movie whether or not its at the theater or on DVD this movie was not worth the admission price that was charged. I have been a long time follower of Steven Seagal and all his movies that he has done over the past years.To date I think this is one of the worst ones we have seen yet
critique5263 NoI'm not a radical feminst bashing the hentai and yaoi genreI just find it really boring and pointless.My godI was MADE to watch this for initiation from some stupid punk and my myeven an MST3K movie has a storylinenot to mention that this HENTAI crap is what's giving Anime a bad name world-wide (watch out Sailor Moon!).Sadlypeople don't realize that not all Anime(or any other Asian style) is sleazy porn.Death to the stereotype!!!<br /><br />*starts casting Ultima*
critique5264 I caught this movie a few years ago one night and it was one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. However since it is supposed to be an action movie I cannot give it more stars since the humor was unintentional.<br /><br />Chuck Norris plays a truck driver who comes home from the road to see his family and within the first five minutes the conflict arises which leads Chuck to seek vengeance for the rest of the film. Good thing too 'cuz the sub-par acting by everyone involved was starting to get old very fast. Actually the judge was pretty good but I can't really describe what makes him work you'll have to check it out for yourself.<br /><br />And the custom van Chuck Norris drives is hideously classic!
critique5265 This film is just plain horrible. John Ritter doing pratt falls 75% of the actors delivering their lines as if they were reading them from cue cards poor editing horrible sound mixing (dialogue is tough to pick up in places over the background noise) and a plot that really goes nowhere. I didn't think I'd ever say this but Dorothy Stratten is not the worst actress in this film. There are at least 3 others that suck more. Patti Hansen delivers her lines with the passion of Ben Stein. I started to wonder if she wasn't dead inside. Even Bogdanovich's kids are awful (the oldest one is definitely reading her lines from a cue card). This movie is seriously horrible. There's a reason Bogdanovich couldn't get another project until 4 years later. Please don't watch it. If you see it in your television listings cancel your cable. If a friend suggests it to you reconsider your friendship. If your spouse wants to watch it you're better off finding another soulmate. I'd rather gouge my eyes out with lawn darts than sit through this piece of garbage again. If I could sum this film up in one word that word would be: Suckotrocity
critique5266 This movie is just lame. A total waste of time and money. The jokes are predictable the characters are so clichÃƒÂ© and the way it talks about RPG gamers is not funny as well. The problem is that the writers seems not to know how a RPG game works and most important how to make jokes about this game. Of course there are a bunch of losers who play RPG like freaking retards and total losers. But for me this is not the funniest way to make jokes about this game. The story doesn't make any sense at all. Who cares about how long a game is being played? The greatest problem in this movie is that the writers and actors didn't even try to know what RPG is about to make jokes about it. I felt ashamed by watching this lame movie.
critique5267 Someone must have been seriously joking when they made this film.<br /><br />Firstly it is an absolute impossibility that this movie was made in 1993. The fashions and music dictate that this is seriously 80's. My guess is that this has sat on the shelf for a long while before some crazed distributer picked it up and released it to a disbelieving world.<br /><br />There is a plot. Kind of. A strange loner meets a random man with a beard who tells him that if he meditates while singing his favourite song he will be able to turn into whomever he chooses. At this point I feel obliged to point out that the loner's favourite song is London Bridge Is Falling Down. Why is this his favourite song? Because he's an idiot. We are only a minute into the film and already the film has reached a monumental level of stupidity. It gets even stupider.<br /><br />The loner is the nostril picker. I can only assume this as there are two scenes in the film where he is seen picking his nose. That clears up the title. He decides to change into a girl so that he can get close to other girls. And kill them. That's more or less it.<br /><br />The acting is universally appalling. Every single performance in this movie sucks. In fact I would go so far as to say that the acting is of the standard of a pornographic movie. It really is that terrible. The nostril picker appears to the audience as the nostril picker. The characters in the movie see him as the girl he has become through singing London Bridge Is Falling Down. Man I feel like an idiot even typing this. Anyway it is kind of strange seeing a middle aged weirdo hanging out with school girls. And not in a good way. There is even an extended montage of scenes where the nostril picker is at school with the girls and a song plays over the top. It is very possibly the worst song ever recorded. I'm not even going to describe it. You'll know it when you hear it. And you'll agree with me.<br /><br />There are some scenes of violence sure. And there is a Benny Hill style chase sequence involving a transsexual. There is even an immortal bit of dialogue that may or may not have been taken from Shakespeare or John Milton where the nostril picker says to a prostitute 'I've got the cash if you've got the gash'. Lovely I'm sure you'll agree.<br /><br />Utter nonsense.
critique5268 And when I watch Sarah Silverman I get the same results. I love quirky irreverent humor. BUT this woman is so darned B-O-R-I-N-G annoying and yawn-worthy. She's also totally lacking in anything whatsoever humorous. The deadpan way she tries to deliver her lines is just dead on arrival because she's just not funny. I watched two segments of her program and was ready for Novocaine.<br /><br />Geez my kid (age 19) saw her promos on Comedy Central and said she was a "dumb chick." I thought that was a compliment. The one where she says "Watch my show or I'll kill my dog" is actually believable. I know she's a wanna be comedienne. She just comes across as a warped nut-case. I just don't ever want to see her around MY dog.
critique5269 I couldn't wait for the end. This is absolutely the worst film I have ever seen. If you thought that just about anyone could make a watchable movie these folks prove that there is a minimum skill set required. This is a film with no redeeming features whatsoever. It scores a zero in every department. This is more than just 'amateur' as the audience is given no consideration or regard at all. There is no serious attempt to act or entertain. The storyline is aimless pointless and senseless. The cast look very uncomfortable and completely lack direction. The technical aspects of the film are poor.<br /><br />As a DVD it makes a good drinks coaster.
critique5270 Wow even American Idol and So You Think You Can Dance have more adult stuff now than WWE ( at least the auditions has a number of people abusing the judges) and here is WWE plodding with one of the worst moves in TV history by changing itself into PG. Now when I switch sometimes to see what's going on this is what I get:<br /><br />1) Hornswoggle the ugly midget sharing his space with the main eventers for apparently no reason except for thrilling the young fans and of course beating Chavo Guerrero a capable wrestler in every match<br /><br />2) A guest host (arghh....!) every week to spoil the teaspoon of fun which was otherwise present. All these host are cheap B-grade celebs trying to catapult to fame again by cracking horrendous 5 year old jokes and making silly references.<br /><br />3) Cryme Time and a female wrestler (forgot her name most probably Eve) giving lessons on various "street" words (sob) which are neither street nor cool. They were fun before stealing stuff and being loud mouths.<br /><br />4) The divas are clad in unwatchable outfits tying their best to look "sexy smart and powerful (by the way I hate this catchphrase) Remember when Torrie Trish and Sable were there? Those were the times. Plus these divas are bad wrestlers which adds to the misery. I have seen some old matches of WWE in Vintage collection and the divas over there were "professional" not amateur.<br /><br />5) PG move restricts so many things: almost no blood during matches DX being terribly irritating John Cena doing even more of his patriotism act crowd containing many children (who are so annoying) almost no "heels" etc<br /><br />6) And yeah why keep PPVs so often. One in every month have they lost it? No actual feud or rivalry is ever created and the ones that are done look fake and just-till-the-PPV-gets-over ones.<br /><br />7)Vintage Michael Cole and a few of his quotes:<br /><br />" Ladies and Gentlemen you are watching the longest running television show in history" (every week"<br /><br />" The BRUTAL and VICIOUS assault by (he doesn't use it for anyone else) Randy Orton/Legacy"<br /><br />" A vicious attack on Stephanie McMohan Triple-H's husband!!!???"<br /><br />WWE is now almost towards its demise. Hope Vince gets up from his slumber and does something ( bring back the TV-14 or attitude era) 2 out of 10 for the current state of WWE.
critique5271 You know I only watched 15 minutes of this film so I can't really describe how great it is. I mean the concept alone is so original and intriguing it just did not let me go. Then there is the mass of academy award winning people involved here plus the academy award nominated director. YOU JUST CAN'T miss. I mean imagine it is the middle of the night and you're not sleepy yet. This film comes on. You watch it and are shocked. It is so brilliant so original it is so GREAT. It will feel to you that half an hour later you've turned off the screen but as you go to your bed you see it's only 15 minutes after midnight. ENJOY!!!<br /><br />3 out of 10
critique5272 Serum is about a crazy doctor that finds a serum that is supposed to cure all diseases through the power of the mind. Instead it creates some kind of monster that needs to eat human flesh and brains. The mad doc creates some zombies out of cadavers and has some problems. There is a very long lead into all the action with many scenes getting you acquainted with the characters. The mad doctor's nephew gets into a car accident and the mad doc tries to use his new serum on the boy. The results are not good. This is a class C film with OK acting but some troubles directing and some continuity errors. There isn't much zombie action in this one and the effects while adequate are nothing special. You can fast forward through the slow parts and get some enjoyment out of the action scenes. Watch out for some nudity and bad language.
critique5273 You can often tell a movie didn't turn out like it should by the heavy use of a narrator. This film features this device throughout. Richard Jobson not entirely content to write direct and even fund some of this film adds to his credits by reading excerpts of his own semi- autobiographical writing which combined with some pretty editing manages to gloss over what is a dull depressing tale which he must be mistaking for genuine art-house. Kevin McKidd puts in a good performance. Everyone else is okay.<br /><br />Budget constraints meant that all scenes are shot in daylight though most are obviously meant to be at night though if you know serious alcoholics they mainly operate in the day so for me it adds a touch of realism.<br /><br />The funniest part of this film is a waitress who fails to age a single day in the 20 odd years that elapse between her appearances - a more extreme version of the problem McKidd has who goes from 18 to 30 without changing more than his clothes. Bless.
critique5274 Next stop on our journey through the calender-slasher scene is... oh yes "Graduation Day"! All of those seniors just brimming with possibility and ready to venture out into the real world and become adults. That is however IF they can make it TO graduation without having to tangle with the campus lunatic who's running around gouging the life out of students with his fencing sword... Yeah it all stems from a the high school track star who drops dead from a blood clot during a race and a year later her older sister returns home from the Navy for Graduation. The track coach holds the blame and broods in his demoted position in shop-class while the girl's boyfriend still mourns her death a year later... All of these characters are prime candidates for "Serial Slasher of the Year" and you just have to sit through this movie until the end to find out who-done-it. "Graduation Day" is fun though it isn't spell-bindingly original by any means and there aren't a whole lot of memorable demises but there is enough going on to keep you mildly entertained. Like Linnea Quigley screwing the music teacher and getting busted with a joint 30 year-old actors playing teenagers and of course... Rollerdisco! Gotta love that crap! You can do a lot worse than "Graduation Day" kiddies...
critique5275 Like the other comments says this might be surprise to those who haven't seen the work of Jeunet & Caro or Emir Kusturica. But have you already seen Delicatessen there is nothing new it this film. I thought Delicatessen was great when it came out but this film just arrive too late to be of any interest. I don't think it's a worse film than Delicatessen but it's a bore to see it now like it probably would be to watch Delicatessen again. There is really no point to the film nothing that really matter or stays with you. There may be a distant similarity to the films of Kusturica but he's really in a different league so you should rather go see his films than waste your time on Tuvalu.
critique5276 The Lady in Cement is a veritable course on social anthropology of the late 60's. The writing not the acting is at center stage. Did I say - pure camp! Prepare to be offended if you are female or gay. Broad and dame are standard terms and gay baiting and bashing are represented for what they were in the day (camp- wise). Most of the lines are tossed off although there are wonderful performances by a very few outstanding character actors. The action scenes are mundane but it is fun to see Dan Blocker play a tough guy who likes bashing toughs. And Lanie Kazan and Racquel Welsh are at the voluptuous peak of their careers. Amazing to note they were both 28 years old and Mr. Sinatra was 53. The musical score wait . . . was there a score? Well you get the point. Watch it with friends who want a good laugh. it's full of them.
critique5277 I remember when I first saw this movie I was in sixth grade when it happened. Before I saw this i had listened to the original Broadway recording of it and I really loved it! But when I saw this I was like what the heck?! This movie is missing a lot of the songs from the musical for crying out loud! Who decided to do all of that?!<br /><br />I really am a very huge fan of Gene Kelly but this movie is probably the worst of a musical that he ever did! The movie looked more like a Hollywood set than the beautiful Highlands of Scotland. And who the heck decided to cut all of Meg's songs out of the movie?! <br /><br />I am willing to bet that when they saw this movie Lerner and Lowe were probably wondering: "Who in the world decided to do this to our masterpiece?" Well they had a right to say that if they did they were probably mad at the fact that Hollywood turned their great musical into this rather blank movie.<br /><br />Song and acting wise Mr. Kelly you passed the audition with flying colors but you are in a movie that is missing a lot of the text.<br /><br />So in short if you want a good movie based on a musical by Frederick Lowe and Alan Jay Lerner this one isn't it! <br /><br />3/10
critique5278 this movie is similar to Darkness Fallsand The Boogeyman(2005)but it's also much more graphic than bothand not as good as either.it's also slow and fairly predictable.it's also got shades of Deliverance and the Amityville Horror.pluswe get some new age flavour thrown in the mix and some of those scenes come off as a motivational/inspirational sermon.reallythis movie is a hodgepodge of almost everything.even though it is gorythe makeup effects are not very realistic looking.in fact they look kinda cheap.aside from all thatthere is some really awful clichÃƒÂ©d dialogue.and i won't say whenbut there is a point where a couple of the character's actions were not authentic or believablegiven the circumstances.nobody in their right mind what would have acted this way.once you watch the movieyou'll know what i mean.there's also some gratuitous nudity for nudity's sake.it just wasn't necessary at all.the good news is that the acting was actually pretty good.better than this movie deserves.soafter carefully weighing the evidenceid say this movie was passablebut not good.my verdict for The Tooth fairy:4/10
critique5279 I haven't laughed so much in a theater in years. The only problem is that it was not the intent of the movie to make my throat raw from laughter.<br /><br />This movie is absolutely overflowing with bad CGI absolutely terrible duologue absolutely terrible *acting* and enough geek references to make the whole thing come off as nothing but complete cheese.<br /><br />As a gamer and a geek-type girl myself I did recognize all of the obvious game references in this movie as well as the geek STUFF that was just thrown into the background as eye candy (the Steamboy poster the t-shirts from thinkgeek.com and j-list.com) and that didn't redeem the movie at all.<br /><br />The only thing that might have been good at ALL were the ghost children type characters that were purposefully badly done in CGI to make it look like they were from a game and who were OBVIOUSLY stolen from Japanese horror movies.<br /><br />To be honest it was hilariously bad and something I'd expect from a midnight showing of a made-for-TV b grade Sci-Fi channel movie. Don't expect more than that and you'll have a great time. Just don't get a soda or you'll spit it everywhere when you get great lines like: "Why did you bring that game into our lives?! WHY?!"
critique5280 Cultural Vandalism Is the new Hallmark production of Gulliver's Travels an act of cultural vandalism? Not literally. After all not a single copy of the book is burned. But if this is the only Gulliver people are exposed toÃ‚Â—and to many it will beÃ‚Â—those people will not get anything like what Jonathan Swift intended. Were Jonathan Swift alive Hallmark could be sued for moral rights violations and they'd lose. That's a good way to think before starting a project using someone else's ideas.<br /><br />Swift's masterpiece is an extraordinary vision of humanity. Through his hero Gulliver he travels to places that make him feel big small shat on andÃ‚Â… human. The little people in Lilleput are small in every way. Petty and stupid they fight the big-enders and little- enders interminable wars of annihilation over which end of their soft-boiled eggs are opened at the breakfast table. Sounds a bit like us.<br /><br />I forget most of the rest: it's been years since I read it. The TV show reminded me of a few things and on the bright side it made me want to read it again.<br /><br />This gift to mankind has been shat on like Gulligan under the boughs beneath the vulgar yahoos and Danson Steenbergen and especially two great actors Peter O'Toole and Edward Fox ought to be thoroughly ashamed. Some "Creative Person" got the bright idea to put the focus on "the star:" Gulliver played by Ted Danson whose acting is just plain bad. He portrays Gulliver as insane. All his travels were made up. Weeeeel. Yeeeaaah! Of course Swift made up Gulliver! Naturally the lands he visited were imaginary: that's called fiction. His purpose was to talk about humankind and our often awful relations with each other. The travels of his imaginary character to imaginary lands is his method. But these people treat imagination as a disease and anyone who has a moment that Hallmark couldn't turn into one of its anodyne cards is suspect.<br /><br />I can sure see why Hallmark would produce this crap. It's so bad that O'Toole always profound seems as little as his Lilliputian character. He's in character of course while commenting on the character simultaneously as many if not all great actors do. Informing the character sheds light on it. Our light completes the character. It becomes three dimensional through this act of psychic triangulation. Most actors do this very subtly like Hopkins in "The Remains of the Day." Others like Nicholson in most things in the last twenty years play the two parts pretty broadly apart. Nicholson actually plays on the relationship of his two points and with us too: with him it's all cat's cradle and he chuckling away holds all the strings. Great fun as is O'Toole. But something here is lacking. He is shouting into a megaphone (as great as ever) and all one senses is a hollow shell standing under him.<br /><br />That's because it is. Look up "anodyne" and there ought to be the word "Hallmark" as a synonym. Harmless bland inoffensive: Hallmark is the doll who can't pee because she has no genitals: it is the norm the average the person of no distinction. Hallmark's hallmark is to have no hallmark. I never suspected that such people despise those who have imagination quite so much. Suddenly Pound's "Disney against the meta-physicals" stands out in bold type. Or Einstein's "Men of genius always will be violently opposed by mediocre minds." Indeed anyone to this mediocre type who has an answer to any question other than "a)" or "b)" is suspect. Who more distinctive then that a man who journeys to the darker places of the human soul and shines his little flashlight to illuminate what can be found there? Hence the act of vandalism. The Taliban destroyed the Buddhas in Afghanistan the Palestinians the oldest synagogue in the world at Jericho the barbarians the great statuary of the Classical age and these things are obviously vandalism. Hallmark endeavors to protect us from foreign foes by undermining our own culture; the one that feeds and sustains them. And us.<br /><br />Please buy a copy of Gulliver's Travels wherever you live and read it. Or order it online. I like to use ABE Books.
critique5281 SWING! is an important film because it's one of the remaining Black-produced and acted films from the 1930s. Many of these films have simply deteriorated so badly that they are unwatchable but this one is in fairly good shape. It's also a nice chance to see many of the talented Black performers of the period just after the heyday of the old Cotton Club--a time all but forgotten today.<br /><br />Unfortunately while the film is historically important and has some lovely performances it's also a mess. The main plot is very similar to the Hollywood musicals of the era--including a prima donna who is going to ruin the show and the surprise unknown who appears from no where to save the day. However the writing is just god-awful and a bit trashy at times--and projects images of Black America that some might find a bit demeaning. This is because before the plot really gets going you are treated to a no-account bum who lives off his hard working wife (a popular stereotype of the time) and when he is caught with a hussy (who by the way totally overplays this role) they have a fight which looks like a scene from WWE Smackdown! And the one lady wants to cut the other lady with a straight razor--a trashy scene indeed! Later in the film when the prima donna is behaving abominably her husband punches her in the face and everyone applauds him! It seems like the film at times wants to appeal to the lowest common denominator in the audience PLUS they can't even do this well--with some of the worst acting I've seen in a very long time.<br /><br />Still if you can look past a lousy production in just about every way (with trashy characters bad acting and direction and poor writing) this one might be worth a peek so you can see excellent singing and tap dancing--as well as to catch a glimpse of forgotten Black culture. Just don't say I didn't warn you about the acting--it's really really bad!
critique5282 People please don't bother to watch this movie! This movie is bad! It's totally waste of time. I don't see any point here. It's a Stupid film with lousy plot and the acting is poor. I rather get myself beaten than watch this movie ever again.
critique5283 My nose is bent slightly out of shape as I write this. I had sent a previous comment on this film some weeks ago that has not yet appeared so I assume it was rejected even though it met all the usual guidelines.<br /><br />I found this film interesting for the first thirty minutes particularly the performance of Jordi MollÃƒÂ  a veteran actor who has appeared in such major productions as "Blow" and "The Alamo." Leonor Watling is also quite good. Unfortunately everything sinks eventually under the weight of a truly awful melodramatic script. There is also an abundance of gratuitous nudity that does nothing to advance the narrative or lend even an impressionistic nuance to what is otherwise a beautifully filmed piece of art.<br /><br />An actual day trip to the beach at Valencia would be much less arduous than having to encounter these fictional characters again anywhere anytime.
critique5284 Utterly ridiculous movie which makes fun of the college admission process. While it is true that the SAT's is not everything in evaluating a student for admission to college what the movie talks about is utterly ridiculous and not worth repeating nor viewing.<br /><br />College admissions officials are made to look like stupid people who have an extremely narrow view of the entire process. The film is an insult to hard-working high school students who work hard and then have to suffer through a long process until they receive that letter of acceptance or rejection from the schools they have applied for. <br /><br />This movie certainly deserves rejection on all levels.
critique5285 Camp Blood looked great when I was buying it but when I watched it boy was I wrong. Its tacky the acting is outrageous and the quality of the film is shocking. Being a movie fan I usually find humour from tragic horror but at times I couldn't even laugh. Maybe Camp Blood 2 will be an improvement.
critique5286 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5287 There's so many negative reviews about "Stay away Joe" in here I just can't stay quiet any longer and let this injustice happen. Here's a side you haven't heard yet.<br /><br />Elvis Presley's movies are my guilty pleasure for a simple reason: they are perfect films for a pure relaxation because I don't have to think when I watch them. That means I don't have to worry about missing a complex plot because there never is a proper plot to start with. I can just kick off my shoes grab a beer sit back switch off my brains and enjoy all the general wackiness and catchy easy-going rock n' roll tunes from the grooviest decade of them all.<br /><br />In my books "Stay away Joe" definitely falls into the "so bad it's good"-category. Now if you're like me and appreciate "the trash value" this is the ultimate 1960's camp experience. It's so bad that it's almost surrealistic to watch and just when you think that it can't possibly get any worse it surprises you in the most imaginable ways. In the end you're so amazed by all the new levels of stupidity you just don't know whether to laugh or cry. In a nutshell: I love it because it's so damn amusing that there once was a generation that actually made films like this. I still give it 1 out of 10 though - once it hits the bottom 100 it will became an instant bad movie classic.
critique5288 After a fairly lengthy partially pixelated nude shower scene we're off to the races for this "Blair Witch Project"-esquire horror film about three girlfriends venturing to a desolate cabin deep in the woods to get away from their hectic lives for a girls' weekend out and smoke pot. They meet two guys who seem friendly enough so they drink and tell ghost stories until late in the movie some of them get picked off.<br /><br />This is a fairly slow movie with needlessly drawn out 'suspense' scenes the bad acting can't carry the myriad of scenes where nothing happens but mindless banter and the movie as a whole is a dud a deathly-boring dud at that. Nothing at all happens until the last half hour and when it did I was to numb to really care.<br /><br />Eye Candy: Ashley Totin shows T&A; Evy Lutzky gets topless briefly; and Jennifer Hart shows her right tit <br /><br />My Grade: D
critique5289 This is a Very Very Boring and uninteresting action film and without Chuck Norris it would have been unbearable! plus the low budget shows big time!. Some of the fights were good but the story is laughable and there no menacing villains at all.The dialog was laughable I had some trouble finishing this film but Chuck Norris made it somewhat bearable. I really have nothing more to say since i was only paying half attentionbecause it was so incredibly boring however it did pick up a tiny bit towards the end. The Direction is terrible. Don Hulette does a terrible job here with lousy photography an awful pace and overall the film looked dull!. There is no gore. The Acting was terrible. Chuck Norris is very good here he kicks that ass and he made the film almost bearable(Chuck rules!). George Murdock is terrible as the main villain and very unconvincing. Terry O'Connor is decent here and had okay chemistry with Chuck. Michael Augenstein is decent as Chuck's brother. Overall It's quite simple AVOID! * Out of 5 (Chuck saves it from the BOMB rating).
critique5290 Deep SH.. is more like it! The eels are just cartooned in over the film. Think "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" meets "Leviathan". Very tacky.<br /><br />No character or relationship development. So called "romantic" scenes very corny and predictable. An interesting idea but a poorly written script and LOUSY special effects make this a definite must-miss!
critique5291 Meaning: if this movie got pitched scripted made released promoted as something halfway respectable given the constraints (yeah I know Springer sex violence) where is He?<br /><br />Reminded me of porn movies I saw in college plot and dialogue wise.... shoulda just done something for the scurrilous porno market showed penetration and be done with it-- would have made more money the ultimate point of this exercise....
critique5292 If another Hitler ever arises it will be thanks in part to nonsense like this film which propagates the absurd notion that he was a visibly deranged lunatic from the start. Far from following such a person and electing him to the highest office in the land sane people would cross the street to avoid him and he would have died in a ditch nameless and unknown.<br /><br />Anyone who reads the accounts of Hitler's close companions - the autobiography of his secretary Traudl Junge for instance - will be struck by the fact that people found him a kindly intelligent generous man. He was also a brilliant orator and the fact that his speeches seem overblown and ranting to modern ears ignores the times in which they were made when strutting pomposity was common in political speeches. Ditto the overstated anti-Semitism which was neither a central plank of the early Nazis - who were primarily anti-communist - nor uncommon or unusual for the times. The film makes it look as though Hitler's sole ambition from the start was the Holocaust.<br /><br />If you want to identify the next person who will cause the death of tens of millions you can ignore fleck-lipped ravers life the one portrayed here. Look instead for a charming charismatic man whose compelling speeches inspire the entire nation and whose political work visibly and materially benefits the country. I'm afraid his personality will be much more like Barack Obama's than Fred Phelps'.<br /><br />I hoped for much here and got nothing but caricature. The fools who made this thing perpetrated a crime against reality. This is the historical equivalent of 'Reefer Madness'.
critique5293 Iowa wants to be "Requiem for a Dream" for Midwest meth but it comes across as a hard R rated "Reefer Madness". <br /><br />Yes drugs are bad and meth is horribly pernicious as an addiction and how it destroys people families and communities. But these characters who are either dumb or ridiculous and the eye-rolling plot won't teach that lesson to anyone. <br /><br />While writer/director/star Matt Farnsworth has some charisma on screen his partner Diane Foster plays a wincibly silly wide-eyed innocent corrupted by drugsas was already satirized by Susan Sarandon in "The Rocky Horror Picture Show". I really felt sorry for her for all the totally unnecessary nudity she was put through. It wasn't until the end of the film that I realized I was supposed to think these two were recent high-school graduates to explain some of their naivetÃƒÂ© as we are bombarded by their school photos but if so they even looked older than the folks on "The O.C.". While they have good chemistry on screen they are a pale imitation of a "Badlands"-type couple. <br /><br />The guest stars are badly used. Michael T. Weiss who was so good in TV's "The Pretender" is completely ludicrous as a corrupt parole officer and his brutal violence is just plain crazy as his character pretty much ruins any social significance for the film. Rosanna Arquette has to be even sleazier than she rolled around for David Cronenberg as a very low rent Livia Soprano. John Savage even has to mouth the old baby boomer excuses about I did pot but this is worse. A Goth chick shows up with the odd explanation that she's a stripper from Des Moines. The obligatory Latino drug dealer appears - in Iowa? <br /><br />With a limited budget the interior view of meth use is portrayed quite vividly with quite scary hallucinations. We certainly see them go crazy. <br /><br />While the Iowa locations are used very well (including an amusing scene of a propane gas robbery) the accents and church references are confusingly Southern Baptist. Guns seem to be used by law abiding and law breaking citizens here more than in any inner-city drug-dealing movie.<br /><br />The songs of Iowa's best known bard Greg Brown are used throughout but oddly are not listed in the credits. I hope they were used with permission.<br /><br />I caught this at its commercial run in NYC because I missed it at the Tribeca Film Festival where it got considerable-- and inexplicable-- buzz.
critique5294 Falsely accused skirt-chasing chums John Wayne (as John Scott) and Eddy Chandler (as Kansas Charlie) change identities to become "Alias Smith and Jones". Mr. Wayne becomes "John Jones". Mr. Chandler's is supposed to be "Rev. Smith" but Wayne calls him "Dr. Smith". At no time are either of them as entertaining as Roger Davis Pete Duel Jonathan Harris or Ben Murphy; although Wayne can be considered infinitely more successful than any of them career wise. Pretty blonde Mary Kornman (as Anne) grown-up from her days in "Our Gang" is a lovely interest for Wayne. She and Chandler have a couple of cute scenes with Wayne. If you're not a fan of low budget John Wayne films of the 1930s this movie won't make you one.
critique5295 I normally love Jackie Chan movies but this one was terrible. There are only 2 or 3 fight scenes all of which are up to normal standard more or less. The bad thing about this movie is it focuses a lot on car chasing/racing. The car chase isn't so bad (though not as exciting as fighting) but the car racing at the end is exceptionally boring. Basically it takes all of things that make a Jackie Chan film a Jackie Chan film and leaves out everything except Jackie Chan. Even the traditional outtakes at the end lack their usual humour.<br /><br />I suppose to a certain extent it was made worse by the fact I saw one of those horrible dubbed versions. I usually try to see the subtitled version...I wish I could understand Chinese.<br /><br />I've only seen one Jackie film worse that this one and that was one of his early forays into Hollywood films that didn't turn out so well.<br /><br />Avoid unless really curious or a lover of motor sports.
critique5296 For the uninitiated almost any Andy Milligan film is a shock but despite the fact that I've seen many of his films this one still takes the cake for sheer shoddiness.<br /><br />This is of course Milligan's take on the Sweeney Todd tale done with period costumes (but not necessarily period hairstyles in some cases) and the usual headache-inducing camera-work & grainy quality. As for the gore well the version I saw may have been cut some for there's not a lot for a film with "bloodthirsty" in the title. The best indication of subversive film-making here is a meat pie consisting only of some poor victim's tit.<br /><br />So while I will still treasure this piece of uh work on my video shelf it's definitely somewhat of a letdown as far as content though. Recommended for only the foolhardy & morbidly curious. 3 out of 10.
critique5297 My god this movie is awfully boring. I am a big fan of Gina Gershon when I rented this movie I expected a romantic drama and some great performance from Gershon. Gershon is great as always but she is not right actress for this role she is too good for Rade Serbedzija. The romance between Gershon and Serbedzija's characters is too unconvincing. And I absolutely hated Serbedzija's character (a wonman organizer) he is not charming in anyway in the movie. How did Dr. Lauren Graham (Gershon) is beyond my comprehension. Maybe Sean Connery Robert DeNiro or Harrison Ford would have done a better job on this role but they don't have the European-ish looking I guess. Any way I was so bored druing the movie. If you are looking for a good Gina Gershon movie check out Bound her best film so far. If you are looking for a romantic film about a younger woman and an older man try some Harrison Ford or Sean Connery movies. Gina Gershon is so underrated and she deserves better chance than this I wish her to make better choice in the future.
critique5298 I want to believe all new horror films coming out of Japan these days are edgy and make for enjoyable watching.<br /><br />Spider Forest is neither.<br /><br />It is seldom that I finish watching something and end up teed off for the waste of time but Spider Forest was an exception in this regard. I was very teed off. The makers of the film succeeded on one level; throughout the film I could not stop because I wanted to see the answer to the mystery spun by the storyline. I could not stop watching. That's why I was so angry when the film finished... they dragged me all the way through 2 hours of tedium for this POC? WARNING: Spider Forest is another one of those Japanese "ghost" stories though you don't realize that going in.<br /><br />I never want to see a Japanese ghost story again. They're phony and contrived. "It's a ghost story" has become like a big rug under which to sweep any and all unresolvable plot holes you have in your story-telling.
critique5299 A series of painfully unfunny skits that seem to go on forever and a day. Not as mind-numbingly awful as say "Freddy Got Fingered" or "Lost Reality" but that in NO way is an endorsement in ANY way sense or form. Features the worst rhyming clown ever. Any most if it isn't offensive to anybody but the most prudish or politically correct. It also has the worst song parody EVER put on film the WORST Arnold impersonation EVER (not just the worst put on film literally the worst EVER). I have NO clue why Karen Black Micheal Clarke Duncan or Slash would star in this (the reasons I watched this in the first place) The only thing mildly amusing was Dickman. In conclusion I would't recommend this film to ANYONE but the people who are making it their mission in life to get this in the Bottom 250 on this site are pathetic. Do something notable with you lives people. Plus if it's true the Church of Scientalogy hates him he can't be ALL bad.<br /><br />My Grade: D
critique5300 When I saw the trailers for this movie it looked like a good romantic comedy. I expected some light fluffy fun. Instead I was bored and a little depressed.<br /><br />Honestly there was no chemistry between the leads at all and the movie had little if anything that was funny about it. The little girl was adorable - when she cried I cried - but I thought they might have used someone a little bit younger in the role.<br /><br />Either way the movie was filled with long dull silences or swelling opera music. I'm not anti-opera but I would have preferred them to spend that time letting us get to know the characters who were all stiff and underdeveloped.<br /><br />I was really disappointed in this movie. The whole time I watched it I kept thinking of how much better it could have been.
critique5301 Am I the only one to think that this is a bad movie?<br /><br />I admit that horror movies often lack things like a big story or good acting or even good special effects. But the way these deficiencies come together in this movie is surprisingly pitiful.<br /><br />Miserable story: The idea of a raped vagina that takes revenge by turning into a man eater sounds quite funny but what the writer made out of it is stupid.<br /><br />Bad acting: The actors move like marionettes. They play and look like people who really try hard but completely fail to act.<br /><br />Bad FX: Especially the explosion of the Van looks unspeakably cheap.<br /><br />It is surprising that a director who made some nice movies during his carrier changes over to such messy stuff.
critique5302 Summer Holiday is the forgotten musical version of Eugene O'Neill's Ah Wilderness and deservedly so with the Broadway musical adaptation of Take Me Along. With the exception of the Stanley Steamer song none of the other Harry Warren-Ralph Blane songs are worth remembering and even that one is questionable. <br /><br />It was right after the release of this film that MGM let Mickey Rooney go and I don't think it was a coincidence. The film was made in 1946 and released in 1948 so Mickey was 26 playing an Andy Hardy like teenager. He was just way too old for the part of the 17 year old who was affecting radical ideas in a spirit of youthful rebellion.<br /><br />Rooney made four films for MGM from 1946 to 1948 this one Killer McCoy a remake of Robert Taylor's A Crowd Roars Love Laughs at Andy Hardy and Words and Music. In all of them Rooney was playing an adult part. Even in the Andy Hardy film Mickey played an adult Andy Hardy returned from World War II. Why he was in this Louis B. Mayer only knows. <br /><br />Rooney's bad casting makes Summer Holiday all the worse because in the original Ah Wilderness the emphasis is on the father's character played here by Walter Huston. And in the Broadway show Take Me Along which won a Tony Award for Jackie Gleason the Great One played the inebriated brother-in-law Uncle Sid here played by Frank Morgan and that's the central character.<br /><br />Gloria DeHaven steps in for Judy Garland as Rooney's sweet and adorable girl friend and Marilyn Maxwell plays the show girl who gives Rooney an adult education. In the original play O'Neill has her as a prostitute but this was the Hollywood of the Code so all Marilyn does is get young Rooney soused.<br /><br />A lot of really talented people had a hand in this one and they do their best but Summer Holiday fades rather quickly into a chilly autumn.
critique5303 This isn't art it's inner-urban politically-correct propaganda! Jindabyne's political intolerance is beyond unforgivable... it doesn't see people as individuals but rather as members of categories.<br /><br />This is the most patronisingly offensive Australian movie I can recall ever (and it's up against some pretty stiff competition!). A message movie every tired theme beloved of the trendy left is there: Aborigines are victims; white men are violent or alcoholics; white women aren't that bad -particularly if they are lesbians - but they're most likely of a depressive nature.<br /><br />Four men who go away fishing find the body of a murdered woman (Aboriginal naturally) and leave her in the river for several days while they catch trout. It's a strange decision taken with almost no discussion as if the men are animals. The one man who briefly demurs is the goodie... we know this because he's living with a bisexual woman - he likes to hold his baby a lot - and eventually moves to a more fashionable costal location (away from all these beastly bush-dwellers).<br /><br />This is a film made by those trendy urbanites who live in fear of the Australian landscape and those evil rednecks who reside within. It's ignorance of country life is almost as shocking as its contempt. The film is shot through with long-distance views of the bush backed by foreboding mysterious music. It's made very clear by the end that Aboriginal people are the only ones at home in this landscape. It concludes with an excruciatingly implausible scene of black-white reconciliation.<br /><br />In Jindabyne country life is reduced to little more than a backdrop for a story that by implication proclaims the superiority of the values of enlightened leftist urban dwellers over those of other Australians.<br /><br />This film was not made by people with real jobs but funded by the Government's Film Finance Corporation. It's a product of the artsy set that soulless void populated by the beautiful people for whom lavish government funding sustains these patronisingly offensive projects (which are as detached from real life as possible) as opposed to actually making popular films people want to see. It doesn't matter if the film is a stinker they still get paid.<br /><br />Spare yourself from wasting time avoid it like the plague. More jaded social commentary than actual entertainment this film deserves to pan!
critique5304 I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store it's not even a real movie! It was unbelievable me and a group of friends decided to watch this one night and it was just the stupidest thing any of us had ever seen I couldn't believe it! We watched the first 15 minutes in utter awe that somebody actually thought of this and then made it into a movie. Are they on crack? My guess is yes in huge doses. I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash. Is this supposed to be sci-fi or comedy or what? I don't thing the idiots who made this even care they just decided to make a movie about nothing and see how many suckers they could trick into watching it. Well we put something on film so let's take it to the movie store and see if they actually put it on the shelf--no no no. This is not movie-making. The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book that's how bad it is. I feel like going to the movie store and complaining and getting my money back nobody should have to endure this crap. So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!
critique5305 I am a Shakespeare lover since childhood. I am also a Jew. Merchant of Venice is anti-semitic through and through no matter how hard scholars and literature lovers try to re-interpret it.<br /><br />In the play Shylock is portrayed as demonic and cold-hearted and has no forgiveness no warmth no love except for money and cruel revenge whereas the Christians are kind moral people. His motives in the play revolve around money (he plots revenge from the start based on damage caused to his business as well as blind racial hate) not noble ideals or hurt racial pride as this movie wants you to believe. And this characterization is given to him by Shakespeare himself not by the other characters. As final proof the happy ending is where the Jew loses his money and is forced to convert to Christianity.<br /><br />I acknowledge this and move on. It is part of history and I enjoy Shakepeare despite this fact. Therefore I expect a movie based on this play to play it straight. I would much rather see the work adapted for its rich language and storytelling without any whitewashing.<br /><br />But many of the the bard's artful subtleties and playful characters are lost in this movie. For example in the last scene where the men discover Portia's undercover work as a man who also took away their rings instead of the playful game of words and misunderstandings as the truth reveals itself it becomes a mean-spirited game where two bitchy women play cruelly with their soon-to-be husbands.<br /><br />So instead we are only left with lovely detailed sets fragments of the rich language with poor reinterpretation poor casting one intense courtroom scene and a controversy.<br /><br />The truth is I think it would be much easier to identify the anti-semitism in the story and move on if it were left as is. Despite all the whitewashing the makers of this movie pulled out of their hats there is plenty of hatred left only now people can make excuses and pretend the portrayal of Jews isn't so bad anymore.<br /><br />And finally another problem is with most of the actors being miscast. Pacino is way out of his league and is very uncomfortable with the language not to mention the horribly fake accent. Fiennes as Bassanio is charmless and awkward with the language. Irons is dependable as always but doesn't do much with his role. Portia is somewhat OK but unlikeable and covered in bad makeup just like the movie.
critique5306 ===minor spoilers=== <br /><br />I am like many others a huge Jerry Bruckheimer fan. So when I saw all the beautiful posters hanging out front and the trailer coming by before MI:2 expectations were rising. A Jerry Bruckheimer production. Big cars. Nic Cage and fresh from an Oscar- Angelina Jolie. What can possibly go wrong? A lot. <br /><br />The script is neither funny (which it tries really hard to be) nor exciting. You put in a black person who is constantly making racist jokes about himself and Wooh-haa!! you've got comedy? I don't think so. Excitement is totally out of the picture. First of all (and this is probably said many times) there are no sympathetic characters so who cares who gets killed? IF you can stomach the premise that a psycho is gonna kill Nic's brother unless he steals 50 cars in 4 days next thing you know is that Kip (the brother) is walking with Nic in the streets again. Is this excitement? Think not. Then comes the best bit- the romance between Nic and Angelina. She actually looks bored having to utter all these stupid lines to Nic. 'Do you have a girlfriend?' 'Are you seeing anybody?' 'What went wrong?' etc.<br /><br />Then there's only one sparkle of hope left: the car chases. They're disappointing to say the least because the trailer made it look like it was full of them and there's only one. A very long one caught in irritatingly hectic camera movement. I really had trouble following the action.<br /><br />So is it an action movie? a thriller? a romantic comedy? - there's no need to decide just avoid this horrible mess. I'll give 3 out of 10 stars and I feel like I'm being generous.
critique5307 This film has some pretty gorey parts like a boob getting bit off and a other big bites. Castle Freak himself is a good monster. I would be scared to pieces if he was coming after me. However the movie had some dumb parts about it.<br /><br />A husband goes drunk driving and kills his 3 year old son and blinds his teenage daughter. I suppose death is a greater damage than blindness but you'd never know that the parents actually feel bad about their daughter being blind. All they care about is that "J.J.'s dead!" While their teenage daughter walks around running into things and talking about how she'll never be able to drive a car. The parents are like - "honey stop walking around without a guide you know better than that" and then they cry and don't ever stop being depressed because JJ's dead. Sounds like favortism to me.<br /><br /> The lines of dialogue are not very realistic or well done. For example when a giant crash is heard in the castle everybody runs down into the basement to see what it was. It was a huge mirror that crashed to the ground and shattered. The husband runs to the broken mirror in horror and plainly says "The mirror broke." I don't know I would say a little more than that if a giant mirror mysteriously crashed to the ground in my castle.<br /><br /> The husband and wife have some major relationship problems and it's funny to watch how dumb they are with each other. No one ever believes the blind girl. Advice: If a blind girl says she hears things believe her and don't tell her to shut up. I think this is the moral of the story. Listen to people when they tell you things or else you might end up killing yourself to prove your point.<br /><br /> Lastly I thought the best character was the main police officer. He was the best actor and character. Everyone else (besides Castle Freak) was pretty run of the mill. 3/10
critique5308 As a big fan of Brian Yuzna and the majority of the movies he's been involved in I guessed I'd enjoy Progeny. I didn't although in ways it has it's moments. However if you're expecting something of the calibre of Society or Beyond ReAnimator you could be in for a shock. In a way this is similar to Society being a tale of a seemingly ordinary world with a horrific supernatural underbelly...but that's where it ends.<br /><br />I'm not covering for Yuzna when I say that the fault doesn't really lie with him as bad direction is bad direction but the direction is sound. What trips the movie up is both script and acting. Stuart Gordon (ReAnimator Dagon) has written an intelligent script but one that doesn't really work with Yuzna's style of direction leaving him paused on actors delivering lengthy dialogue when really he wants to throw that camera around and get down with his bad self. This matter makes the movie awkward enough as it is but there's worse.<br /><br />If the movie had been made with great actors the movie would have probably held it's own. Unfortunately this is very far from the case. The acting is wooden shockingly so even for a low-budget B feature. The inexplicably successful and renowned Arnold Vosloo wrecks every damn line with near pinpoint precision handing in one of the worst performances I've seen in a long while. The man manages to turn every line of well considered dialogue into the kind of ham-line you'll be throwing drunkenly at mates next time you're in the pub. 'Hey Bob! GOOD GOD AM I GOING MAD! WHAT'S...COME OVER ME! NOOOO!' In fact I may try that one myself next weekend. The last minute addition of genre veteran (and personal favourite) Brad Dourif instead of enriching the film like it should almost seems to hand Dourif the movie in a last ditch effort to stop Vosloo from hamming but quite frankly Dourif looks deeply uncomfortable (possibly waiting for the next assault of bad acting) next to Vosloo and even an eccentric turn from him fails to resuscitate the film.<br /><br />If the acting was better this movie would have been okay. Hell it might have been pretty enjoyable but the lack of character makes the movie a soulless affair and makes the horror element seem tacked on and tasteless instead of an organic part of the film. I found the alien torture/rape scenes a little difficult to stomach already but the fact that the characters were so lacking made them seem gratuitous as well as unpleasant leaving a nasty taste in the mouth.<br /><br />So if you really like Sci-fi and don't have a problem with bad acting pedestrian pacing and a really garish nasty rape scene Progeny will probably be your cup of tea. But since I do I'm probably never going to watch it again. Once was enough. On the plus side this is the only Sci-Fi movie Yuzna ever bothered to make so he obviously wasn't really that pleased with it himself.
critique5309 The original is a relaxing watch with some truly memorable animated sequences. Unfortunately the sequel while not the worst of the DTV sequels completely lacks the sparkle.<br /><br />The biggest letdown is a lack of a story. Like Belle's Magical World the characters are told through a series of vignettes. Magical World while marginally better still manages to make a mess of the story. In between the vignettes we see the mice at work and I personally think the antics of Jaq and Gus are the redeeming merits of this movie.<br /><br />The first vignette is the best about Cinderella getting used to being to being a princess. This is the best because the mice were at their funniest here. The worst of the vignettes when Jaq turns into a human is cute at times but has a lack of imagination. The last vignette when Anastasia falls in love was also cute. The problem was I couldn't imagine Anastasia being friendly with Cinderella as I considered her the meaner out of the stepsisters. This was also marred by a rather ridiculous subplot about Lucifer falling in love with PomPom.<br /><br />The incidental music was very pleasant to listen to;however I hated the songs they were really uninspired and nothing like the beautiful Tchaikovsky inspired melodies of the original.<br /><br />The characters were the strongest development here. Cinderella while still caring had lost her sincerity and a lot of her charm from the original though she does wear some very pretty clothes. The Duke had some truly funny moments but they weren't enough to save the film likewise with Prudence and the king. As I mentioned the mice were the redeeming merits of the movie as they alone contributed to the film's cuteness. I have to say also the animation is colourful and above average and the voice acting was surprisingly good.<br /><br />All in all a cute if unoriginal sequel that was marred by the songs and a lack of a story. 4/10 for the mice the voice acting the animation and some pretty dresses. Bethany Cox
critique5310 I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I have watched zillions of movies and I can tell clearly what an intellectual movie with a mind-teasing message should look like. Definitely The Broken is not one of those movies. I have to admit that the movie made me think a lot trying to understand what the whole thing was trying to lead to and despite the explanations I've read in prior comments they seemed only an exaggeration just to have one self in the intellectual league of people. the photo on the cover clearly shows that the Broken is the broken upper piece of the face which normally contains the brain. It's a clear message that once this part of the body is broken the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So you start waiting on the movie characters to show their defected sides and this is not obvious in any of the scenes because the movie starts right away without any introduction to the characters and their lives before. Though we see the father holding a rifle when his children try to surprise him as if he is aware he has enemies but still this is not a very strong clue. Had the clues been planted more in the movie one would have said about that it is a masterpiece indeed. But though the movie was so slow in pace it was at the same time so empty with no metaphorical scenes at all. And the reuniting of the evil dad with the evil Gena at the end is a strong refuting evidence of the existential messages that some people spoke about in other comments. Furthermore if Gena truly lives in the apartment as her brother tells her at the end then how come she is the evil one? I bet I can defy any theory about this movie with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: This movie is a pretentious one and a waste of time. Obviously it shows someone trying to make out of a meaningless mystery something which is of no value at all. I am a huge fan of horror movies and specially slasher ones that some people call popcorn movies. Horror movies are not supposed to convey deep messages! They're supposed to uncover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side of it which is the truest I guess. Horror movies should have blood screams intensity skeletons body organs and parts. Because that is the real horror and it's never away from reality. I have watched almost all horror movies and I can prove that each one of them can be as real as the sunrising. Nothing is unreal as long as the mind had thought of. For instance the horror movie "Train" with all the slashing and tensity of it and its similarity almost in everything with "Hostel" it speaks about a very real thing which is selling body organs illegally by abducting people in foreign places where no one would ask or search for them.<br /><br />And even if we considered the Broken a movie that has an existential message it is still very poorly presented and the least scary. I prefer the addiction message presented in Requiem for a Dream which went beyond drug addiction to highlight the fact that any kind of addiction whether for sex TV safety/being pampered etc... can be so destructive and it scared the hell out of me. And those who always criticize horror movies for being meaningless and very commercial are usually just bunch of people who get scared easily and simply don't like this genre but this doesn't mean that there are fans of such movies and that they have a lot to offer to the viewer from adrenaline turmoils ecstasy leadership lessons (believe it or not!) entertainment to most importantly the face to face interview with the essence of life as ugly and scary as it may seems Death!
critique5311 I'm the type of guy who loves hood movies from New Jack City to Baby Boy to Killa Season from the b grade to the Hollywood. but this movie was something different. i am no hater and this movie was kinda enjoyable. but some bits were just weird. well the acting wasn't to good compared to Silkk The Shockers performance in Hot Boyz (quite good) and Ice-T in new Jack and SVU (great). the scene where Corrupt (Ice-T) kills the wanna be Jamaican dude he says something and lights himself on fire burning both Ice-T and the other dude this kills the Jamaican however Ice-T is unharmed very similar to Ice's other movie Urban Menace (which stars both of these actors) were Snoops character is supernatural however after this there is nothing suggested that Corrupt is like a demon. When MJ (Silkk) gets stabbed at first he struggling but after that he fights normally and was stabbed in the thigh-WITH OUT BLOOD. and when MJ confesses killing a cop cos the cop was beating up his friend Benny was weird Benny isn't introduced in this movie and the scene isn't in the film. it does hold weight to the fact why Corrupt wants to kill MJ but is still makes u scratch your head. wen Jody writes a letter to Miss Jones character explaining what happened to them afterwords doesn't mention what happen 2 other main characters MJ and Lisa. the film did show the horror and poverty of the ghetto-which plagues the lives of Latinos and Blacks word wide-was a good part of the film even though the clip of the projects was re-used thousands of times. and the scene where Miles kills the Latino brother by crashing his bike at full speed (not wearing a helmet) and running into my Latino brothers car would of killed him. the movie was similar to the film Urban Menace and half the actors were in both of these movies as well as the production team. it was OK tho. but me being from poverty i love hood films however if u don't love em like i do Don't WATCH IT. only thing saving me from walking out is it reminded me of the first movie i made which was made with 100 dollars and my love of the genre.<br /><br />Nathaniel Purez
critique5312 I wish I would have read more reviews and more opinions about this movie before I rented it. A waste of money. A waste of time. Very little dialog. The dialog was hard to understand in every way. The storyline and plot were both weak. The only thing that was nice at all was the cinematography.<br /><br />The characters were interesting. At the same time you will spend so much time trying to figure things out because of the lack of dialog that you will be rewinding the movie a lot. <br /><br />Do not watch this movie. It was a mess and will leave you feeling like a mess.<br /><br />You will say what the heck was that when the movie ends?
critique5313 This movie was so bad I don't know whether to laugh or cry. I had high hopes for Horrorfest that year which was also the first year I attended Horrorfest and I have to say Horrorfest and all of its films take false advertising to a whole new level. Mad kudos to the advertisers because I'm sure they tricked a lot of people into spending money and seeing those movies that year. The Hamiltons was easily the worst one of the ones I've seen (the other ones I saw were Unrest Dark Ride and Reincarnation). The movie cover and trailer made it seem like a family of cannibals terrorizing the neighborhood which I thought was a rather interesting plot only to be disappointed at the end discovering that it was some 'coming of age' tale about a boy's transition into being a vampire. Which is why drama prevails over any sense of horror in this film. And to make the plot even more ridiculous they add in a set of horny twins who can't wait to take a 'bite' out of one another and some deadly creature locked in the basement which if I had discovered what 'it' was had the secret not been revealed at the very end of the film I would have left the theater halfway into the movie.<br /><br />Complete waste of money and time. Cut forty minutes out of this film and make it into an episode on some show like Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural and it would have received more praise than this. Absolute rubbish! So bad that two years later I have to come back to IMDb and write a review about it because it still stands out in my memory as one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Also while you're reading this steer clear from the rest of the Horrorfest movies in the future. The most you could do is rent them from Blockbusters or watch it online somewhere. Horrorfest features movies from independent filmmakers who can't make it onto the big screen and all the crap about 'stuff they don't show you in theaters' they weren't referring to blood or guts or horror...they were referring to the movies themselves. Because they're horrendous. Think of Horrorfest as a less renowned version of Sundance Film Festival but for horror movies.<br /><br />Sorry for all the 'hate' but next time think twice before you cheat costumers out of their money.
critique5314 La Furia del Hombre Lobo forms a completely stand-alone storyline which doesn't seem to fit in at all with the previous Waldemar Daninsky movies. Some have commented that this movie is supposed to take place before the events of "Werewolf Shadow" although it was released afterwards ... they may be right I'm not sure. Anyway in this movie Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a yeti-like creature in Tibet (great dialogue here -- "It was a yeti. But that's impossible. I'm a scientist and these things don't exist. It was a hallucination. That's all.") and although marked with the sign of the pentagram he is able to prevent the change into a werewolf until he discovers that his wife has been cheating on him. Changing into the beast one night he kills both her and her lover before running out into a storm and being electrocuted. It's not long before he's resurrected by a dominatrix university professor who is conducting some kind of unfathomable experiments with mind control. He is taken to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects of these experiments live like chained animals.<br /><br />First of all -- Jacinto Molina Paul Naschy whatever you want to call him he's a fine actor and cared passionately about his work. No matter how flawed these movies are you can always rely on him for a decent performance. The rest of the cast seem good enough but it's hard to tell when they have a half-assed voice-over dubbed over all their lines. And that was really the main problem for me ... many of the voice-over artists they used were just awful awful awful. Whenever I chuckled during the movie it was at the inept way that they delivered their lines (they seem to constantly refer to the hero as "Waldeman"). But unfortunately it's almost impossible to find subtitled copies of Naschy movies although they're sometimes available in the original language without subtitles.<br /><br />The directing of Jose Maria Zabalza seems sort of hit-and-miss ... there are some great visual ideas in some scenes while others are badly constructed and poorly edited particularly in the final scenes when it really counts. The reason for this was that Zabalza was apparently drunk most of the time while on set. He allowed his fourteen year old nephew to rewrite Molina's dialogue used extras without his permission and spliced several shots from Molina's earlier movies. All of this pretty much ruined any chance this movie had of being one of Molina's best works and it's no surprise that the two of them never worked together again.<br /><br />But it's not all bad news as there are some good ideas here. Some aspects of the storyline make an interesting psychological drama with the werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and rage. The 'werewolf as a yeti' idea is one that returned in Molina's later work. Some pretty horrific and surreal stuff goes on down in the cellar and there's also a very memorable sequence about half way through the film where Daninsky runs from house to house through a village slaughtering or molesting innocents as he goes -- one scene is particularly intense but it's actually lifted straight from Molina's first movie "La Marca del Hombre-lobo" along with a few other shots. I actually found the movie on the whole to be very entertaining although there are some problems with the Front Row Entertainment version such as pretty obvious cuts (although some of it may simply be due to the director's lack of continuity). Gods knows what omissions there are -- I'll probably try to get my hands on the uncut version at some stage in the future.<br /><br />This is a overall a decent piece of vintage Naschy which experienced fans might enjoy but it could have been much better and so probably wouldn't make a great introduction.
critique5315 A young boy sees his mother getting killed and his father hanging himself. 20 years later he gets a bunch of friends together to perform an exorcism on himself so he won't turn out like his father. All the stock characters are in place: the nice couple; the "funny" guy; the tough (but sensitive) hood; the smart girl (she wears glasses--that's how we know); the nerd and two no-personality blondes. It all involves some stupid wooden statue that comes to life (don't ask) and kills people. I knew I was in trouble when after a great opening scene we jump to 20 years later--ALL bad horror movies do that!<br /><br />The dialogue is atrocious the acting is bad (except for Betsy Palmer--why Betsy?) and the killings are stupid and/or unimaginative. My favorite scene is when two people are supposedly having sex and the statue knocks the guy off the bed to show he's fully dressed! A real bad stupid incoherent horror film. Avoid at all costs.
critique5316 Oh dear! This has to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. It's unbelievably repetitive; every scene seems to consist of people being gunned down running round screaming or being kicked in the face which quickly becomes very dull. I wouldn't mind if the combat was even any good but it isn't; the main character Phillips pushes the various goons over with ridiculous ease and no matter how often he stands in full view of the Tracker he never gets hit even though extras and minor characters are being shot and blown up all around him. I've rarely seen a worse cast of actors (especially Don Wilson if you can even call him an "actor") but that's not really surprising given the dialogue they have to work with (sample line: "Computers killed my brother!"). The plot is a sub-par ripoff of the excellent Terminator; the special effects are laughable. Overall this film is just utterly dreadful. And why does everything explode?
critique5317 Scary Movie 3 is such a stinkfest its hard to put it in words. It makes movies like Malibu's Most Wanted look like Oscar material lets just say that.<br /><br />The original Scary Movie was great fun one of the better 90s spoof movies coming from a great team who previously rocked our world with Dont Be A Menace to South Central Whilst Drinking Your Juice in the Hood. But what the hell happened?! After the tragedy that was Scary Movie 2 i thought the cast and crew change would help matters but its even worse.<br /><br />Within 20mins i'd smiled twice. Not one laugh the jokes were recycled and originality was obviously no factor. The fact that at this point in writing the majority of people on this site have voted it 10/10 has made me feel physically ill. When there's great flicks like School of Rock out which actually have jokes that are *gasp* funny anyone wasting their money on tripe like this needs their head examined.<br /><br />no stars/****
critique5318 This is a entertaingly bad b-movie. Actually it really is much better quality than a lot of b movies. It had a consistent script decent direction cinematogrpahy and I have seen worse acting. The zombies were great clearly these were Romero zombies and was really a interesting zombie story. Obviously not Oscar material and if your not into zombie movies or b-movies you probably wont enjoy this but if you are you'll like this movie.<br /><br />The main clint eastwood knockoff western character guy is pretty good although they never really clearly explain how he can heal himself from gunshots and zombie bites. But if he has more than a line of dialogue that where his bad acting is really evident.<br /><br />It was a good ending to at least I thought so. Romero should be flattered if he ever saw this.
critique5319 It was so BORING! No plot whatsoever! Basically a watered-down version of the Lion King mixed in with Animal Farm. Again no plot at all. Horrible! Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh! I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief! I maybe chuckled twice. All of the semi-funny parts are in the previews. I hate movies like that. Yeah the movie pretty much sucked. I don't know how it got such good ratings and reviews. THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!! If you do go see this movie bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out. Awful. I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much. It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.
critique5320 I am as many are a fan of Tony Scott films. When this movie came out I had high hopes that it would be like 'Man On Fire'. To find out that the movie it's the furthest thing from it! The story was treading water from the get go and the choice of Mickey Rourke was not such such a good idea. And the whole 'arm'scene was too gratuitous! <br /><br />The movie is centered around Kiera Kinghtly and this movie reveals that she'll never become a movie star! The movie brought some of the worst acting ever.<br /><br />I like Tony Scott's direction 'n all but this takes the whole friggin cake! Sorry Ton 1 out of 10!
critique5321 Creep - "Your journey terminates here." Some very graphic scenes and...well yeah that's about all for this film.<br /><br />No real plot no storyline. No likable characters well 'characters' isn't correct considering you don't have a clue who anyone really is. I mean they are being chased by some weird looking 'thing' in the sewers (who is this thing? why is he there?) that's quite scary I guess but do I really care? No I don't. Why don't I? Because I don't have a clue who these people are and I don't know if I should want them to live or die. It's one dimensional and relies upon gore and sound effects to scare you which it rarely does.<br /><br />This film lacks any meaning any purpose. It feels like I fell asleep and missed out the 45mins of build up. It jumps right into the action. Basically some women and her friends get locked in the London Underground get chased by a weird creature then they eventually escape from it.<br /><br />Creep has its moments which make you jump the art is good the location is excellent and the sounds are OK but that isn't what makes a decent horror film so unfortunately all that goes to waste.<br /><br />It's nothing new. Another predictable modern 'horror' where Kate (the lead 'character') consistently does the stupid "hey I know you lot sitting at home think I should do the sensible thing in this situation but oooh no! I'm going to do the total opposite because I'm a dumb blond" thing. I wish they wouldn't do that it's done so many times it's boring and gets predictable. In fact I'm pretty annoyed the silly woman didn't get stabbed by the erm grey alien-looking creature.<br /><br />"Your journey terminates here" is the films tag line. Well Creeps journey terminates only a short while into the film. If you've had a few beers got a couple of mates back at yoursthen sure watch it by all means. But if you want something original and clever avoid.
critique5322 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5323 I enjoyed the first reviewer's comment far more than I did the film when I saw it at a second-run theatre in the early '80's. I was impressed then by the care taken to create costumes modelled so closely after the Tenniel drawings. But to me the cast was largely squandered their personalities muffled by the masks while the direction I think of as being unusually static and the photography murky. The rating jotted down at the time was a nought which means "not worth sitting through even once".<br /><br />Still I too would jump at a chance to have a second look.
critique5324 I'm not one of those folks who bemoans everytime a film based on an old TV show comes out. Rather I usually run out and see it (If I had watched the show) and try to get nostalgic. But if anyone feels like running down films based on old shows this is exhibit A (So you can actually say something more than just "McHale's Navy"). "Mod Squad" is dreary tiring and lethargic. At least the original series was angst riddled long before anyone knew teens could be so glum making it groundbreaking. This is just tedious. Claire Danes is nice to look at but does nothing else but mood swing and sneak around spying on the baddies. Giovanni Ribisi's acting extent in this flick is that Droopy the Dog look for an hour and forty five minutes. And Omar Epps looks like he wants to flee the set but the script's chlostraphobia has trapped him. Sure the production is nice with the now seemingly obligitory "rave" nightclub opening action sequence and shootouts galore. Oh and the kids yell and get mad at each other and their superiors a lot too. It's kind of like deciding to use the Scooby Doo Mystery Machine to go on a family vacation to Hollywood with your teenage kids who you and your spouse know need heavy therapy and prescription drugs. I really wanted to like this movie and there were promising moments but the next scene would suck the life out of it. You can knock another Spelling remake "Charlie's Angels" all you want but at least that film knew it wanted to have fun with itself. "The Mod Squad" makes you wonder where the inspiration from the original series went.
critique5325 Mockumentaries are proliferating lately so much that the approach therefore needs an injection of fresh and creative material each time it's used to maintain its vitality. This film does not deliver anything but worn out retreads of similar stories an aimless script weak ad-libs uninspired acting and unfunny self-gratifying humor. <br /><br />The premise would seem promising enough; the legend of the Loch Ness monster is made to order for one of these goofy mockumentary misadventures with a vast array of history and legend waiting to be tapped for outrageous satire. The film makers totally waste this enormous potential however. We get some fool inserting a fake Nessie into the water. Gee that's original. Another scene has one obnoxious idiot threatening another obnoxious idiot with a gun. Sidesplitting. Some gratuitous shots of a pretty girl in a bikini. Annette did that 40 years ago (and far better by the way). Throughout the movie somebody always seems to be yelling: I suppose this is designed to wake up the audience who have nodded off by this point.<br /><br />Worst of all though is the relentless salvo of those reality show type "interview comments" made by the characters. Not only do they nuke you with this tired joke every five seconds but apparently the actors also improvised; that's the only explanation for how humorless the jokes are. If lines like "I've never seen anyone write a book about non-evidence" were actually scripted then the writer should be shot on sight and fed to Nessie.<br /><br />No wonder Nessie got violent; it obviously saw this movie.
critique5326 MY BROTHER TOM <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.85:1<br /><br />Sound format: Dolby Digital<br /><br />Following an episode of sexual abuse at the hands of a trusted neighbor young Jessica (Jenna Harrison) forms a relationship with a strange boy (Ben Whishaw) she meets in the woods. Unfortunately Whishaw has secrets of his own no less troubling and far more dangerous...<br /><br />Dour drama sparked by brave performances by Harrison and Whishaw in which two kindred spirits immerse themselves in a mutual love of nature after being traumatized by their experiences in the 'real world'. Unfortunately their friendship unravels as harsh reality begins to intrude leading to an inevitable tragedy. Directed by Dom Rotheroe and photographed in digital video format the movie looks ragged in places (too many awkward close-ups and sloppy hand-held camera moves) and takes a while to find its feet but the dramatic pay-off is quietly rewarding.
critique5327 A modern scare film? Yep it is..<br /><br />The hippies peaceniks and environmentalists got together to deliver us a fear film.. I didn't recognize it when watching it only 2 years ago that it was a fear film but that's exactly what it is..<br /><br />There's no difference between this film and films the nazi made about us in ww2 and the same films we made about them.. this is pure propaganda and speaks only to those.. that believe in aliens 9/11 conspiracy plots faked moon landings peak oil and major environmentalism What I can say is this film does push buttons make you ask questions and ultimately just forget about it.. It's a scare film.. so if your scarred get in your houses lock your doors and stock up for that nuclear winter we all know is coming when bush provokes the Chinese into nuclear war..
critique5328 I want to say the acting is bad but I think it was the directing that made it so. I never thought much of Highlander (same director) but that one could be blamed on the 80s.<br /><br />This one however has no excuses. People get shot while exiting trenches with a man in front of him!? Those kind of mistakes along with an unclear time line weird battle tactics sub-par cutting and poor visual effects makes this one a sub-par film over all.<br /><br />Then like so many other have commented all this American bullshit. The German general being practically scared of his captured American private. Be prepared to swallow a lot of it although in small doses.<br /><br />To sum it up a not horrible but still definitely sub-par war movie in all aspects.
critique5329 I found it hard to care about these characters who were either annoying or insipid all living their fabulously hilariously urban lives.<br /><br />The dialogue was excruiciating at times and at other times the narrative seemed hard to follow - was it me or were entire scenes deleted?<br /><br />It felt like a poor sitcom somehow turned into a film. The stereotypes and jokes about "men's groups" would perhaps have been funny in the early 90s. As it is this is where much of the humour of the film comes from - and boy does it get old fast.<br /><br />Apart from the attractive Irish man - this film was a dud. And not even in a "so bad it's good way". The last 20 minutes were particularly painful. Perhaps if you've never met any gay people or never thought about homosexuality before then this film might have something meaningful to say. Otherwise - darlings you'd still be better off renting The Boys in The Band or Beautiful Thing.
critique5330 A patient escapes from a mental hospital killing one of his keepers and then a University professor after he makes his way to the local college. Next semester the late prof's replacement and a new group of students have to deal with a new batch of killings. The dialogue is so clichÃƒÂ©d it is hard to believe that I was able to predict lines in quotes. This is one of those cheap movies that was thrown together in the middle of the slasher era of the '80's. Despite killing the heroine off this is just substandard junk. Horrible acting horrible script horrible effects horrible horrible horrible!! "Splatter University" is just gunk to put in your VCR when you have nothing better to do although I suggest watching your head cleaner tape that would be more entertaining. Skip it and rent "Girl's Nite Out" instead.<br /><br />Rated R for Strong Graphic Violence Profanity Brief Nudity and Sexual Situations.
critique5331 Man is this lousy. It doesn't deserve much in the way of comment so keeping it brief Rebecca DeMornay is a highly disciplined police psychiatrist who falls for Latin Lover Antonio Banderas in a wine store he of the ponytail and jail-house tats. When she cuts loose she really cuts loose. Other than this torrid affair she's having (and we must admit the affair has its speed bumps) she's a pretty cold fish. Her broke ailing father shows up for the first time in years and she boots him out. She's also adept at keeping her horny upstairs neighbor (Dennis Miller) at bay. And there's prisoner Harry Dean Stanton who's trying to maneuver her into giving him a diagnosis of multiple personality disorder so he won't have his privates nailed to the wall for the serial murders he's committed.<br /><br />All these people and perhaps more are immediately suspect when strange things begin happening to her. Somebody sends her dead flowers. Somebody does unspeakable things to her pet cat. (The next time I see a household pet turn up in a parcel or strung up in the closet or boiled in a pot I'm going to puke.) So who's doing it? Guess. No power on earth could force me to reveal the ending but maybe a hint will help: childhood abuse.<br /><br />The abuse excuse is an interesting business in itself far more interesting than the movie. What does "childhood abuse" mean? Do we mean sexual abuse? Physical? Both? How about whacking a kid over the back with a wooden cooking spoon hard enough to break it? That's what happened to me and my brother when we were kids just as similar things happened to all the other errant boys in the neighborhood. Sexual abuse? That never happened to any of us as far as I know although I'm not sure it would have been rejected with any degree of animation. In the Samoan village I studied for two years there was one case of an adolescent boy found playing sexually with a much younger girl. The girl's family beat hell out of him. The boy's own family sent him to live with another branch of the family in another village an exile that lasted two years. By the time he returned the incident was forgotten by everyone including the child. (By the way the little girl we see here is under five so it's unlikely that she'd remember Dad's night-time visits in any case since long-term memory isn't really established until about that time.) DeMornay's experience leading to her mental disorder can be called "the social construction of trauma." It's not there unless we put it there. Enough of the psychiatric lecture. That will be fifteen cents.<br /><br />You want trauma? I'll give you trauma. The film absolutely forces us to identify with Rebecca DeMornay's character right from the beginning. Then when she has her first tryst with Antonio Banderas and Pio Donnagio's score is pounding the eroticism into our heads the camera gives us a shot from over her shoulder of the bare-torsoed Antonio crawling over us with his hairy chest. Now THAT'S traumatic. It makes any male viewer feel as if he's on the floor of the laundry room at the California Men's Colony in San Luis Obispo. Don't get me wrong. I don't dislike Antonio Banderas. It's just that I'm not in love with him. There aren't enough nude shots of Rebecca DeMornay's elfin body in the entire universe to compensate for that kind of anxiety.<br /><br />Here's an engaging way of surviving this movie. Instead of just sitting there puling try picking out the scenes that were filmed in Toronto and separating them from the ones shot in Budapest. It's a challenge really and may for all we know preserve your sanity.
critique5332 A handful of critics have awarded this film with positive comments. I don't wish to argue with their opinion but I strongly disagree. When I first watched this film I was mildly impressed. But after comparing it with other films particularly with the late master Bruce Lee I quickly changed my mind. In fact if it wasn't for the title of the film I would never have bought it. Game of Death 2 doesn't relate to the original Game of Death (except it shares one character Billy Lo.)<br /><br />I was stunned to see how similar Game of Death 2 was compared to Enter the Dragon. The plots have striking similarities: Both Bruce Lee and Bobby Lo are on a mission to avenge a relative. The two locations are similar in which they both are very isolated and are surrounded by thousands of Blackbelts. There is an element of prostitution in both films (women are sent two the guests rooms in both films.) Both Han (Enter the Dragon) and Lewis's henchman have a hand missing. Their is an underground drug operation in Enter the Dragon believe it or not there is one in Game of Death 2. Han has a pet cat in Enter the Dragon the director has used his imagination and awarded Lewis with a pet monkey! The list continues. <br /><br />Regarding other aspects of the film such as the script and the acting I felt it was very poor. It seemed to me that the director was looking for a group of martial artists to star in the film and prayed they could act. <br /><br />On a positive scale I cannot deny that the choreography is impressive. Although the fighting sequences have strong elements of acrobatics in them they are none the less skillfully performed. However as the plot is insufficient i couldn't relate to the characters therefore the fighting sequences were more exhibitions rather than having a meaning to the film. <br /><br />In conclusion I would say this film is recommendable to any martial-arts fans but for those who enjoy a solid action film with a good storyline and strong characters I seriously wouldn't recommend this film. My opinions towards this film may seem very bias and one-sided but when Bruce Lee set a new standard in the martial arts cinema particularly after his masterpiece: Enter the Dragon this film failed to rise to these standards. If anything they imitated a truly brilliant martial-arts film in hope of achieving the same level of fame. <br /><br />In reference to my evaluation awarding this film a very harsh 1 out of 10 the film is barley watchable and must be thankful that it had the fighting sequences it did.
critique5333 How can Barry Levinson possibly assemble white-hot comedy talents Ben Stiller and Jack Black the gorgeous Rachel Weisz old pro Christopher Walken and still deliver such a humourless stinker?<br /><br />Stiller and Black are friends until the latter invents a spray to make dog mess vanish and becomes a conspicuous consuming multi-millionaire.<br /><br />The premises is thin but sound enough in the right hands to have been a springboard for some great bitching between the two stars but all concerned overplay every hand every chance they can.<br /><br />Stiller and Black are simply not funny for way too much of the time Weisz looks sensational as always but is criminally underused and with the exception of Walken as a batty barfly who urges Stiller's character to take revenge it's a turgid trudge to the end of this strained farce.
critique5334 Horrible horrible TV show! Why Comedy Central decided to repeat old episodes of this program is beyond me. It really sucks! I am of course speaking about the seasons after the first two. The first two seasons were golden and if I was exclusively talking about those seasons this show would have gotten eight out of ten stars. None of the comedians appearing after the first two seasons who were not part of the original cast are any good. They were and are awful. The comedy is not funny at all. AT ALL!!! <br /><br />The original cast was full of very talented comedians like Artie Lange Phil LaMarr and Mary Schorr (or whatever her name is) all of whom should have gotten better deals after they left MAD TV. This show is highly overrated and less worthy of your channel surfing time than Saturday Night Live another horrible show. Go out on Saturday night and have fun and leave MAD TV to wither and die as it deserves to.
critique5335 I remember back when I was little when I was away at camp and we would campout under the stars. There was always someone there that would have a good story to tell that involved the woods that surrounded us and they would always creep me out. Well when I found Wendigo at the library I checked it out hoping to be one of those films that had a supernatural being haunting people in the woods much like the stories that were told at camp. Well much to my dismay I was so far from the truth. Wendigo is really bad. The story starts of when a family of three is driving to their winter cabin which looks like your normal suburban home and nothing like a cabin in the woods and they run into a deer. Well it seems the local rednecks were actually hunting this particular deer and are pretty upset at our city folk. The movie spends far too much time following the families everyday activities instead of getting to the point of the film. It wasn't until about the last 15 minutes that we actually have some action involving the "wendigo." My suggestion is that you stay very far away this film. It will leave you wanting your hour and a half back.
critique5336 Despite a small handful of nicely executed scenes this entry (the fourth) feels tired. Toshiharu Ikeda who directed the superb MERMAID LEGEND and the seminal Japanese splatter film EVIL DEAD TRAP shows little enthusiasm for the stale premise.<br /><br />A miscreant becomes obsessed with an outwardly conservative woman who reluctantly appeared in a porno photo shoot. Predictable stalking harassing assault and rape ensues.<br /><br />The staple of roman porno is sex. And sex mixed with violence. Both potentially exciting subjects to be sure but not when so little effort is made to make them fresh. A masturbation scene in which a woman forces pencils up her opening (via condom) is too little kink to late.<br /><br />The series' rain motif continues and the film's final scene brings relief.
critique5337 Now what's wrong with the actors that took part in that crap? Michael Dorn should stick to the Star Treck merchandise. John Diehl does anyone remember him in Miami Vice? Liked him there... Well whatever - what can one expect from a movie with one of the lifeguards from baywatch in the lead? Nothing and that's what we get. None of the characters is even likable the special effects are hilarious (but not funny). The story is a (very bad) joke. There is no logic whatsoever for what's happening. I got the feeling that the film makers were trying some kind of "Attack of the killer tomatoes" kind of thing. Especially in the scene where all the important people were discussing national security in some kind of a closet...<br /><br />If you happen to see it on TV switch channels - your TV set will be ever thankful.
critique5338 This rubber monsters failed trying to be coolscary or even comedianslooks like a wannabe movie of Porkys or Animals House but the sequences and history is not always clear also can't catch your attention all the movie looks cheap and with an amazing bad tastethe only thing that's makes you laugh is the awful rubber monsters who must have a cost of one dollar eachbecause the work or them never looks realisticthe movements and expressions make looks the Muppets as a Pixar 3D movie when you compare with this. Hope Marie Carlton is the only thing that makes supportable this awful movieand when she dies in the moviethis turns even worst than before.A movie who only must be seen in fast forward.
critique5339 Almost a two-person play and as such the dialog and the performances of the leads will be important. Neither are particularly good. This might have been stronger in fact if it had first been crafted as a two-person play and then worked into a film.<br /><br />Anyway a twitchy vampire who seems slightly autistic becomes infatuated with a stripper (as a result of watching too much porn in his crappy home). He wants to have her tell him about the daylight. He would have been better off finding someone with a day job or someone who excels at painting a picture with words like a poet but then they might not have a hot bod.<br /><br />After he gets her to do whatever he wants (and he's not terribly good at it) he intends to feed on her at 6 AM at which point the sun rises. Much is made of that deadline despite the fact that he also says that he can go without feeding it will just make him hungrier. Additionally he claims he can't let the stripper go since she knows about him but he lets a number of other people go who learn what he is. There are a lot of inconsistencies.<br /><br />Why this vampire chooses to live in a house so poorly boarded up that light from streetlamps and neighboring buildings pours in as if it were daytime I'm not sure. With all the time in the world you'd think he'd have done a better job or fixed the place up a bit. He's clearly not a wealthy vampire.<br /><br />This is supposedly a remake and I'm curious to see the original version of this Dance of the Damned. Although that was directed by Katt Shea and the other films she directed for Corman (Stripped to Kill StK II) were pretty bad.
critique5340 This is just a joke of a moviethey lost me already at the opening scene (Spoilerwarning) dangerous creature kills other creature in his cagethis is watched by a scientist that works there on a monitor and guess what she doeswell lets go in to the cage to check the stuff outomg how dumb do those writers think human beings are come on thats the same like jumping in a fish tank with a great white shark because it ate your goldfish...Pretty useless and even more dumber.And i will not even talk about the cast because they aren't worth the effort. why they didn't fired the guy that wrote that immediately is a mystery to me.....And this kinda dumbness continues the entire movie. Only good thing where the cgi that is better then average for these kinda low-budget movies.<br /><br />If these kinda things don't bother you go see itbut be warned if your IQ is above 60 you will probably hate it.
critique5341 An excellent cast who do their best with an awful script inept direction and some of the worst score that I have ever heard. More TV movie of the week than serious drama. Which is sad when one considers that the source material is very serious and very real. The film makers decided that instead of building drama and character it was better to just show the most graphic and violent bits and hope that the audience would be shocked into sympathy and caring. In my opinion one the most blatant forms of cut and paste film adapting.
critique5342 I LOVE Don Knotts let me just say that up-front! He is an enormous talent and the best at what he does which is portray a nervous lovably befuddled loser thrown into a position of authority. He is fabulous in this role as Roy Fleming the Reluctant Astronaut but the film is pretty dull really even though as a kid my brother and I delighted in watching this and his other films. It's still worth watching but really it's a film that is best enjoyed by children. I'd categorize it as 100% family-friendly and something you could sit down and watch with your kids on a family night.<br /><br />As with all of Knotts' films there's a great cast of beloved character actors and you can't help but smile when Knotts gives one of his shaky open-mouthed stares no matter how old and jaded you are.<br /><br />From an adult perspective one thing I think that is great about this film is how it captures NASA in the 1960s -- all the new modern buildings the hope the optimism the future! And I was surprised at how suave and studly Leslie Neilsen was back then. Only complaint about the story is Roy's love interest a rather threadbare unlikeable woman who can't give him the time of day until he becomes a big shot -- if you're like me you'll be hoping that he gives her the shove-off at the end. Beware -- you'll be whistling the theme tune for days after watching it's that catchy.
critique5343 Well...I like Patricia Kaas. She is a beautiful lady and an extremely gifted and versatile singer. Her acting in this film is more than competent and from my point of view about the only redeeming feauture of this film. She very gently captures the essence of the lonely singer with a very serious helath problem. However what I tremendously dislike about the film is the shameless product placement for a well known French chain of hotels. The other thing is that the story seems to meander for way to long without really deciding what the film is about and what it wants to be. On a positive note you may argue that the film is not predictable but you could also say it's plainly boring because of the lack of cohesion. There are some nice shots in the film bujt you can't help thinking that all the parts just don't add up to anything at all. It really is a pity bevcause Kaas really shines in this film.
critique5344 Murder By Numbers is one of those movies that you expect is made-for-TV but isn't. Considering the only actor of any note is Bullock (although Michael Pitt seems to be moving onto bigger and better things) it isn't a great surprise that this movie quickly fades away from memory to be replaced by more important things. Like... remembering to lock your front door when you go out. Or putting clothes back on when you come out of the shower.<br /><br />Bullock plays Cassie Mayweather a cop with personal issues (don't they all). Together with her new partner (a wet-looking Ben Chaplin) she is called to investigate the murder of a young woman. Nothing unusual there except that the perps are a couple of teenage students who think they've planned and executed the perfect murder. As the investigation continues a battle of wills emerges between Cassie and the main suspect Richie Haywood (Ryan Gosling).<br /><br />The crippling issue here is that the two leads are hopeless. Bullock though she is very nice to look at is about as believable in the role of a hardened cynical cop as Rodney Dangerfield (actually he'd be better!). Chaplin for his sins is a complete non-entity and I feel sorry that he has to put this film on his CV in his attempt to break into Hollywood. At least Gosling and Pitt as the conniving sneering suspects acquit themselves adequately. As if dodgy leads weren't bad enough a story that would send anybody to sleep and a highly predictable (but illogical) ending shoot this film in the head before it has a chance to run.<br /><br />"Murder By Numbers" has absolutely nothing going for it even a pointless nude scene by Bullock wouldn't redeem it. Well just a little but still not enough to save it. Forgettable predictable and redundant - this is one film that isn't going to move the cop genre forward. As Cassie probably says on her next case there's nothing to see here people. Move along keep moving...
critique5345 This was only the second version of the classic story by Charles Dickens I had seen and sadly it turned out to be one of the worst. The film opens with a quick live action piece where Simon Callow as Charles Dickens begins the story of A Christmas Carol and then obviously it goes to animated story itself. You probably already know it Ebenezer Scrooge is the grouchy cold-blooded businessman who refuses charity and hates Christmas. He is visited by Jacob Marley (Nicolas Cage) who warns him of the visits of the other three ghosts of Christmas Past (Jane Horrocks) Present (Sir Michael Gambon) and the silent Future/Yet To Come. After all this he obviously realises the true magic of Christmas and promises to be nicer in future. The only changes I noticed to the story were Scrooge having mice as friends (a stupid idea) Scrooge's ex-love Belle (Kate Winslet) needing to see him to help at the orphanage the Ghost of Christmas Present showing the two kids "want" and "ignorance" Scrooge still gets haunted after being turned nice and he's worried he can't keep his promise to stay nice. Also starring Rhys Ifans as Bob Cratchit Juliet Stevenson as Mrs. Cratchit Iain Jones as Scrooge's nephew Fred and Colin McFarlane as Fezziwig. The animation is not great quality the actors have wasted their voices for a worthless piece of garbage. The only good thing that comes from this film is the good voice of Kate Winslet singing the closing song "What If" as for the rest it is just excruciatingly awful. Very poor!
critique5346 This movie is not just bad not just corny it is repulsive. Something about Daphne about the creepy call-girl about the whole damn (and I use the word literally) film radiates a grotesquery that would offend a brothel mistress. This film makes my skin crawl makes me regret having reproductive organs and makes me feel unclean.<br /><br />One of the things that bothers me most about this movie is that they used such a good concept. A creature that makes fantasies with disastrous results rather than the clichÃƒÂ© Worst Nightmare and the overdone Twisted Wish is a truly fascinating film idea.<br /><br />Thought: The reason why hobgoblins need to be killed before day is that they are attracted to bright lights. During the day bright lights don't show up well so they could go anywhere.<br /><br />Count the Hobgoblins: Four hobgoblins drive out of the film studio and yet at least nine of the pernicious plush-toys are killed throughout the course of the movie.<br /><br />Discussion Question: If you had a frigid demanding unappreciative girlfriend would you enter garden-tool-combat with a military chunkhead? Explain.
critique5347 Just like everybody else have said the acting is awful no story or whatsoever poor directing. About the SFX the 360 degree matrix style shooting 1 shoot is stupid enough but for each characters. I mean come on gimme a break. And what's up with all those video game scenes just to remind us it's a "video game adaptation"? Jesus they should have fired whoever think up this idea.<br /><br />0.00001/10
critique5348 I gave this movie a rating of 1 (Awful). The only reason that it should even get a 1 instead of a big -0- is Ben Kingsley who always shines not matter what terrible material is thrown his way.<br /><br />Mira Sorvino is so out of her element here that as a viewer one simply can't get over the fact that she is even in such a piece.<br /><br />Stupid stupid story and horrible production. Do NOT waste your video rental $.
critique5349 I too was fooled by the packaging. I too fell for the gory packaging and the DVD casing that claims "grieved fans as every copy was pulled from shelves". Though it was inexpensive ($6.99) it wasn't really all that worth it - no scares and very limited gore. The ending was very cheesy and didn't deliver the punch it should have. I really don't even know how it became a "Video Nasty" with how very tame it is. The story drags the characters are obvious amateur actors...it doesn't live up to the promise. The DVD bonus feature (the "interview")is very strange as the director appears very incoherent and not all there. The lead actress talks like she's appearing in a Shakespearean production. It's a great laugh.
critique5350 Very poor effort that offers pretty much nothing to anyone but a hardcore fan of Stanley Tucci who tries but can not save the poor structure dialogue direction or talent of our leading man.<br /><br />Pretty much the only trick this plodding tale of a naive new salesman for an alarm company has is its quirky side characters. But without a realistic backdrop such characters are pointless.<br /><br />Nothing to see here keep moving...<br /><br />
critique5351 Do not waste your money or time. Terrible movie. Bad acting plot all over the place. Really really bad acting. Man this movie is just plain bad. I shut it off at 7 minutes. The script is bad the directing is bad it seems to me that a high school group got together to do a project for their drama class. Yes it's that bad. The acting is not convincing at all mind you I saw only 7 minutes of it. How this movie made it to DVD is beyond me. <br /><br />It should have been left in the editing storage room. I saw the cover and thought it was pretty cool I sure's heck won't do that next time :_)
critique5352 If you are going to attempt building tension in a film it is always a good idea not to build it beyond the point of total tedium.<br /><br />Unfortunately the Butcher Brothers haven't grasped this yet.<br /><br />This film sucks unlike the majority of its characters who (if you didn't work out they are vampires in the first few minutes then shame on you) preference stringing up the plentiful supply of 'no one knows where I am' cheerleader types and homosexual drifters that waft conveniently and with a fast food swagger past their isolated door.<br /><br />The only tiny bit of originality in the plot is how these vampires come to be vampires in the first place but the rest of it is ludicrous and sloppy.<br /><br />Forced to up sticks (as opposed stakes) on a regular basis due to their penchant for filling their basement with bloodless corpses they really are none too bright. If they fed their victims they could run their own little blood farm and it would cut down on the mortality rate thereby allowing them to settle down and get chintzy.<br /><br />Why the producers felt it necessary to introduce the incestuous twins and the homicidally gay older brother I am not sure. It added zero to the plot which was unfortunate given that there wasn't a great deal of plot to start with and had no shock value at all.<br /><br />One was never told why the parents had died unless of course that was explained during one of my frequent tea breaks. Clearly the social worker must have been alerted to the family for some reason or other but again it was for the viewer to write their own reason.<br /><br />The only well rounded character was the youngest brother who emerges looking like Pugsley from the Adams Family. Indeed he was way too rounded having the appearance of a child who has inadvertently wandered from a Weight watchers' class in to a very bad horror film. Oh heavens he had. Never mind dear have another doughnut with a yummy blood centre.
critique5353 Although I use this site quite frequently to see how other people rated what I think are challenging or just plain enjoyable films after watching this "movie" on Film Four last night I felt compelled to write something down even if it just helps cleanse me once again.<br /><br />The film was possibly the shallowest experience I've ever had - the main characters played by Danny Dyer (23? You sure?) and Gillian Anderson (who will always be Scully as Leonard Nimoy will always be Spock) had no real substance about them - I'm not sure if the first half-hour of the film didn't make the final cut but surely in a revenge movie you would like some empathy with the victims... here I couldn't care less. In fact the only character I did seem to care about was the dog with the stag coming a close second. And both animals out-acted Dire (sic) and Scully who were quite frankly terrible. I guess though you're only as good as the script you are given and I'd like to warmly thank the writers the producers the director and all of the cast for wasting 90 minutes of my life and some perfectly good electricity.
critique5354 This movie has beautiful scenery. Unfortunately it has no plot. In order to have a plot there must be a conflict. This movie had none. It spent two hours painting a beautifule scene and failed to ever place any activity in it. The picture trys to be artistic but fails to pay attentions to the fundamentals of story telling.<br /><br />If you love Montana scenery and fly fishing you will find some value in this film just don't expect a story. There isn't one.
critique5355 I think i would rather have my piles clipped with a pair of rusty clippers than bear another 5 minutes of this movie. In fact i cannot even be bothered to go in to detail! Not sure how they managed to get the needles into the wooden actors to cure them! Better off for all concerned if they had just nuked the island after finding out about the virus that way it would have lasted as long as the commercial break and we could have moved on with our lives. Plus one more thing was this rubbish commissioned by the god channel? As all they seemed to do was praise the bleeding lord most of the time. Avoid like the plague! In fact i would prefer it!
critique5356 it's the best film that takes the first place at the sickest and an useful films ever made in this poor country. really u people even don't know what the word cinema means and u cast votes for movies i'm really curious to know how many movies of P.P.P. or L.Bunuel have u seen. The score of this "faield experiment" it reflects a lot of u're way of understanding things and to recognize a good/quality movie when u see it. We the Romanian people have only ONE movie and until this day the status hasn't change & that movie is "Padurea Spanzuratilor". But I don't lose my time thinking how many of you have seen it. That is a movie that respects all the required quality's's of an MOVIE. From the script to the frames and even to the quality/clarity of the picture even are past over him 41 years. I recommend to the voters to search for better movies and then vote. KuDos will See u later .
critique5357 If this is someone's "favorite" movie they need some serious help. There is nothing funny or clever about this crapfest. I haven't seen the original movie this is the remake of (some 1950s film) but it simply has to be better than this newer bastardization.<br /><br />A major gets kicked out of the military for being a fringe element and winds up teaching children at an ROTC school. Unfortunately the major is Daman Wayans... so the children are in for a world of annoying humorless asininity. Can Wayans whip these losers into shape? Can they get him to become a little more human? The film bombs as most Wayans films do with only a few sparkling moments. William Hickey gets about one minute of screen time fair too little. This charming old man (known best to me as a "Tales from the Crypt" actor known best to you as Uncle Louis from "Christmas Vacation") shines every moment he's on screen which isn't much here.<br /><br />Bam Bam Bigelow also makes an appearance as a biker which fits him perfectly. I wouldn't mind slightly more Bam Bam but I think he carried the role of "biker" about as far as it could be carried for a military film.<br /><br />And then there's the attractive teacher who someone falls for Major Payne even though he treats the kids poorly has no social skills and is simply impossible to convert into someone you would want to spend time with. She must either be incredibly stupid or incredibly desperate. I'm not sure which (though it would seem "stupid" since the movie makes it clear she gets out of the house often enough).<br /><br />Wayans had one shining moment: a dance sequence where he performs a series of moves (including a very nice "robot") and with the help of music from 2 Live Crew. This scene was enjoyable but hardly made up for anything else that made this film dog spittle.<br /><br />Seriously avoid this film. If you want to see a film a bout a loser who helps loser kids become heroes rent or buy "Ernest Goes to Camp". At least he's a lovable loser and actually funny. Maybe if Major Payne had fought a badger I'd feel better but he didn't. Forget Payne forget Wayans... you can do so much better.
critique5358 This movie started out as a quite decent-looking film but it never really kicked off instead it became predictable and even a bit silly. Some scenes were quite well made the photography and the cuts used in combination with sounds and such made it a bit more interesting to watch but since the story was quite slow it didn't manage to keep the interest alive. And more importantly its not scary at all! It's supposed to be a horror movie but there wasn't a single scene that was close to frightening or even exciting..<br /><br />To be frank the actors weren't all that great either no colorful characters you ll remember for the rest of your days..<br /><br />Overall a watchable movie but it doesn't add anything and once you've finished watching it it wont last long until its already forgotten.<br /><br />The reason I watched it was because I had read some review giving it top scores but I disagree and instead I would grade it 4 out of 10. If you still want some Japanese horror I would suggest you watch Ju-On instead!<br /><br />
critique5359 Dreamgirls despite its fistful of Tony wins in an incredibly weak year on Broadway has never been what one would call a jewel in the crown of stage musicals. However that is not to say that in the right cinematic hands it could not be fleshed out and polished into something worthwhile on-screen. Unfortunately what transfers to the screen is basically a slavishly faithful version of the stage hit with all of its inherent weaknesses intact. First the score has never been one of the strong points of this production and the film does not change that factor. There are lots of songs (perhaps too many?) but few of them are especially memorable. The closest any come to catchy tunes are the title song and One Night Only - the much acclaimed And I Am Telling You That I Am Not Going is less a great song than it is a dramatic set piece for the character of Effie (Jennifer Hudson). The film is slick and technically well-produced but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and lacking in any resonance. There is some interest in the opening moments watching Jamie Foxx's Svengali-like manager manipulate his acts to the top but that takes a back seat in the latter portion of the film when the story conveniently tries to cast him as a villain despite his having been right from a business stand-point for a good majority of the film. Beyonce Knowles is lovely and sings her songs perfectly well but is stuck with a character who is basically all surface glitz. Anika Noni Rose as the third member of the Dreamgirls trio literally has nothing to do for the entire film. Eddie Murphy acquits himself well as a singer obviously based on James Brown but the role is not especially meaty and ultimately has little impact. Foxx would seem ideal casting but he seems oddly withdrawn and bored. The film's biggest selling point is surely former American Idol contestant/Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson in the central role of Effie White the temperamental singer who gets booted from the group and makes a triumphant closing act return. For me Effie has always been a big problem in both the show and the movie. The film obviously wants you to feel sorry for her and rather ham-handedly takes her side but I have never been sure that this character deserves that kind of devotion. From the start Effie conducts herself for the most part like an obnoxious egotistical self-centered diva who is more interested in what everyone else can do for her rather than having much vested interest in the group of which she is a part. When she is booted from the group for her unprofessionalism and bad attitude the charges are more than well-founded but the stage show/film seem to think Effie should be cut unlimited slack simply because she has a great voice. Even though the film tries to soften some of Effie's harder edges to make her more likable the charges still stand. Her story becomes more manipulative by suggesting she should have our further sympathy because she is an unwed mother struggling to raise her daughter - using the implication that (much like the talent card) motherhood immediately makes any behavior excusable. Indeed the only big effort the film makes to show Effie's mothering is to tell us about it and then include a scene where she barks at her daughter in the unemployment office insists that the girl has "no father" and then refuse to look for gainful employment to support them since singing is all she knows. In the hands of a skillful actress the gaps could perhaps have been remedied with technique and charisma. Unfortunately Hudson is not that actress. She sings well but the dialog-driven moments do not come naturally to her nor do high emotional moments. Effie's signature moment (the aforementioned And I Am Telling You... number) is well-sung by Hudson but emotionally flat in the acting department. Effie is supposed to expressing her rage and desperation at her predicament but Hudson comes off as a cabaret performer belting out a hot number. All in all not quite the emotional highlight one expects. The latter portion of the film is basically a predictable melange of events that maneuver Foxx into Hudson's earlier position and allow her to strut back in and lord it over everyone. Foxx's criminal offenses in the film are undoubtedly par for the course of many struggling record producers but the film's seeming implication that he has it coming because he helped usher in the disco era is rather ridiculous not to mention pretentious and condescending particularly coming from a film with all of the depth of a puddle. The end result is a faithful rendition of the stage hit drained of emotion energy or anything that can be described as dynamic.
critique5360 Greetings;<br /><br />I never thought I would see the day when I would be so disgusted by A movie that it would be a burden to finish it... I was always a fan of horror movies B'C and C's included. But in this case it's hard to describe how a movie could fail to qualify for any letters in that scale...<br /><br />The movie is centered on a poorly developed back story a mix of folklore with an after taste. And to top it up the performance of the actors is questionable. Horror B movies usually fall in two categories... 1) A gem that was under looked and under funded 2) So bad it's funny laugh or your money back. Well this movie falls in between. I wasn't scare didn't laugh... So I guess if you really need to see it you could but I recommend you don't...
critique5361 This is one of the worst films I have seen in a while.<br /><br />The problem is that it doesn't know whether it wants to be an intelligent political film 'artistic' or an exercise is eroticism. As a result it fails on all accounts.<br /><br />The acting is atrocious the narration off putting and the supposed symbolism pointless.<br /><br />Klaus Kinski is probably the best thing about this film but that isn't a good thing. Sure he has an intense and 'unique' look but ultimately he can't actually act. Just look at how he reacts when his mistress leaves....<br /><br />Really don't watch this film some say it needs repeat viewings I say one is too many.
critique5362 While it's one of two movies on Tales of Voodoo Volume 1 there's no voodoo or anything supernatural in it! The box labels it "Hell Hole" but the screen title is Escape from Hell Hole. The title is confusingly similar to Hell Hole (1978) aka "Escape from Women's Hell Hole" A group of women bathe in a river and seemingly the worst thing they have to worry about is a peeping tom who they easily overpower. No nudity in this or any other scene however.<br /><br />A woman named Cardena drives up in a car and seems to be known and liked by all the women. She invites Indri to come and live in the city with her and her uncle M.G. Once they get there it becomes clear that M.G. wants to take Indri's virginity. M.G. runs some sort of house of prostitution and he's either in charge of a corrupt branch of the military or runs a paramilitary outfit or prefers for his guards to all wear military-style uniforms.<br /><br />The women who refuse him or otherwise make trouble get put into a prison. Indri gets sent there. The women get tortured and sometimes possibly raped by the guards.<br /><br />Various unsuccessful attempts at escape or rescue are made but inevitably fail despite the obvious advantages the women have: they outnumber the guards vastly and relatively few of the guards have automatic weapons - most have semi-automatic rifles or handguns.<br /><br />WIP genre enthusiasts may like it and the fact that it was made in the Philippines gives it some novelty but otherwise... eh.
critique5363 Years have gone by since Don Wilson used his martial arts expertise to take down a robot who was programmed to destroy him he's also married to the blonde reporter (Stacie Foster) who led the rebellion in the first film now a new conspiracy is in the works one that involves look-alike droids who frame our two heroes and a corporation looking to rule the world (There is no plot to back any of this up) and Cyber Tracker 2 becomes a virtual replay of the first movie. I admit that I have bought DVDs from the bargain bin that were made by PM PM was a company that specialized in cheap-jack action flicks (like this) which had tons of explosions little story and overall nothing but mean edged action. Some of these titles have been (mildly) enjoyable (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper) however Cyber Tracker 2 is stuck with the casting of the charisma-less Don Wilson. When comparing the protagonists of similar PM efforts both Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are Oscar nominees when compared to Don Wilson. Another telling sign is that this was directed by Richard Pepin who has none of the flair Joseph Merhi seems to have in crafting action sequences that feel much more expensive than their budgets. Then again though both C. Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive to obtain. Cyber Tracker 2 is a rip off with a capitol R there are so many steals from better movies (Robocop Terminator Universal Soldier to even Halloween III!) that it's almost as if Richard Pepin is trying to infuse a sense of identity to the pedestrian material yet without the intelligent ideas or at least the mindless zip of great action Cyber Tracker 2 falls flat. There is literally no good idea that isn't borrowed from a better movie and the supporting cast overact. The only exception comes from Tony Burton who is miles better than the material. Also Stacie Foster looks like she could be better with far better material. However Cyber Tracker 2 comes off mainly as noisy bland and lackluster as its leading man however with no real martial arts sequences to fall back on all there is is lots of cars tipping over and that alone is no substitute for the bankruptcy of ambition expressed here.<br /><br />*1/2 out of 4-(Poor)
critique5364 Mindless dribble about the second coming of Christ in the form of a hippie and albino looking Sandra Locke. You have no idea what's happening on the screen with the irritating theme song "Suzanne" being played over and over throughout the movie until when "The Second Coming of Suzanne" is over you already know it by hard no matter how hard you try to forget the whole thing.<br /><br />This off-the-wall armature movie maker LoganJared Martin is out to make the movie of the century but is so rude and obnoxious that none in the banking world is willing to finance his project. Planning to go on his own Logan then spots this couple at a seaside cafÃƒÂ© and is fascinated with the young woman Suzanne Sandra Locke who reminds him of someone he knew in another life: Jesus Christ.<br /><br />With Logan's assistant and all around gofer Clavius Richard Dreyfusssomehow getting a $740000.00 loan from the bank to finance Logan's masterpiece he starts to work on Suzanne by flattering her about her talent as an actress in order to get her interested to be in his film. This leads to Suzanne not only leaving her boyfriend artist Simon Paul Sand but later Simon being so depressed and feeling all alone takes a gun to his mouth and blows his brains out.<br /><br />The movie also has two somewhat unrelated sub-plots in it that has to do with a young autistic girl Dorothy Kari Avalos who's cured of her autism by Suzanne after everyone else at the psychiatric hospital that she was committed tofailed. It's not really known what exactly Suzanne was doing at the hospital but she seemed to be some kind of orderly or volunteer there; was this supposed to show us in the audience that she like Jesus could miraculously heal the sick?<br /><br />There's also this newspaper columnist and big time businessman tycoon Jackson Sinclair Gene Barry who seems to be either going through a very difficult mid-life crisis or has seen a biblical-like vision that changed his life forever. Sinclair had been searching for the meaning of life as well as what it's all about all through the movie and wanted to know why there's all this suffering in the world like this movie that he's in and seemed to have found the answer when he first laid his eyes on Suzanne. Sinclair also got some sense knocked into his head when his private chauffeur David Mark Rasmusser who's gotten sick and tired of his weird and crazy hallucinations almost running him off a cliff in a kamikaze like drive along the Pacific Coast.<br /><br />The movie "The Second Coming of Suzanne" goes on with a number of unrelated sequences probably to fill or pad in some time by it's director and film editor and then goes to it's final scene in a Christ-like crucification on a hill as Logan has all the cameras rolling. It turns out that the crazed Logan got so carried away with his masterpiece as he tried to replicate on the helpless and tied up Suzanne the actual crucification of Jesus Christ some 2000 years ago.<br /><br />Hard to sit through and almost impossible to follow "The Second Coming of Suzanne" puts you through the same kind torture that Suzanne is put through by Logan and the makers of the film. The movie tries to be arty but that's just an excuse to cover up it's brainless and non-existent storyline and even worse the terrible and amateurish acting by everyone in it.
critique5365 save your money. i have been a fan of fullmoon productions for a long time and i have never seen them make a movie as bad as this. the casting is terrible the story is even worse and the special affects are worse than any movie iv'e seen sence the 80's. this movie is so bad i cant even suggest renting it.
critique5366 The story of the film was as simple minded as its morality: Go find a girl marry her live with her happily ever after. Though the film had some fine moments and turns most of it stayed at the surface of what might have been shown in a film with the same storyline.<br /><br />The Baptist/Mormon struggle was only touched superficially and was mocked about probably intentionally. A more interesting story would have been a mixed couple.<br /><br />If you wanna see a film which doesn't need too much concentration which can be watched by the whole family and which teaches your children modest and conservative values (besides the modern tolerance stuff ;-) ) you will be fine with this film. Might be shown at a family-home-evening...
critique5367 My giving this a score of 3 is NOT what I would give the original Soviet version of this film. It seems that American-International (a studio that specialized in ultra-low-budget fare in the 60s) bought this film and utterly destroyed it--slicing a two hour plus film into a 64 minute film! Plus much of this 64 minutes was new material (such as the "monsters")--so you know that this film bears almost no similarity to the original. The original film appears to be a rather straight drama about the Soviet conquest of space--though I really am not sure what it was originally! For insight into the original film read Steven Nyland's review--it was very helpful.<br /><br />By the way this was the third Soviet sci-film I've seen that American-International bought and then hacked apart to make a "new" film--standard practice to a company that was willing to put just about anything on the screen to make a buck--provided of course it didn't cost them much more than a buck in the first place!! This Americanized film was about two rival world powers (NOT the US and Soviets) trying to be the first to Mars. The tricky "bad guys" try but fail and the "good guys" rescue one of the idiot astronauts and then head to Mars. Unfortunately they are temporarily stranded on a moon of Mars where they see some monsters (added by American-International) that are REAAAALLY cheesy and one does bear similarity to a certain part of a female's anatomy. Then they are rescued--returning to Earth heroes.<br /><br />The bottom line is that the film was butchered--turning an incredibly beautiful piece of art (for the time) being turned into a grade-C movie. Because of this the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I'm just shocked that the horrible job A-I did with this film didn't convince them to refuse to sell more films to these jerks! It's worth a look for a laugh but the really bad moments that make you laugh are few and far between. So the film is a dud--not bad enough to make it a must-see for bad movie buffs and too dopey to be taken seriously. I would really love to see this movie in its original form--it must have been some picture.
critique5368 Alright normally i am not as harsh on sequels especially if the first film is done well and was ultimately a good movie. As for 1999 i feel that one of the top five films was Cruel Intentions. It had everything a great movie should have except for an original story being adapted from a novel it was still damn good. On to Cruel Intentions 2 which was supposed to actually just be the opener for a series based on the film called manchester prep. Which must not have happened. Actually after seeing this trifle of a film i can understand. Before the thing started i was like at least the writer and director Roger Kumble did this one also. Well 1 minute into this movie i was disappointed. It starts off with a rehash of the opening of the original with a different twist sebastian instead of putting the shrinks daughter's naked picture on the net he puts the schools principals wife in the school directory naked. This would have been alright if the lady was not like 50. And basically the rest of the movie is a wannabe carbon copy of the original. Which i understand the if there is nothing wrong with it leave it the way it was. But you can not do that with a movie. This actually being a prequel i gave it a chance just to see how they turned out like they did in part 1. But with Sebastian being more or less just a prankster and Kathryn being a herself and turning sebastian into the sexual predator he was in the real story this movie had no foundation to it. Whoever did the casting on this thing was way off. They could have at least tried to get people who looked like the original cast but no they just hired a bunch of not even really good looking actors. I am using this term although i dont know why. They for sure didnt do any in this movie.<br /><br />All this movie is a bunch of one liners that dont even match the wit that the original had well some of them did but that was just because they were from part 1. Another bad point was in part one you could understand the need for them to act out for attention because there was no involvement from teir parents this one had them in it and they were poorly used as if to show why the kids are like this. It didnt work though. The best thing though about the original was that the cast had chemistry they took you into this world. The on screen tension that was there made the film what it was. This thing Really ruins the experience of the first one stay way from this.
critique5369 Okay I've watched this movie twice now I have researched it heavily on the net I have asked several people on there opinions. I have even gone to the length of reading the original Sheridan Lafanu Classic 'Carmilla' a book that this movie is supposed to be based on. I feel that the best way to review this movie is to describe a game to play whilst watching it. As the plot of the movie doesn't seem to make any sense at all here is the plot of the book.<br /><br />Laura lives in a castle in Syberia with her Father Mr De Lafontaine. They carry on with their lives blissfully and peacefully. One day they get a letter from the 'General' a man who has made it his mission in life to avenge his daughters death. He makes claims of supernatural powers being at work and explains that he will visit them soon. Meanwhile a chance encounter with a strange woman results in the Lafontaines looking after her Daughter Carmilla for several months. Soon Laura starts to be overwhelmed by strange dreams and begins to come down with a strange illness. Who is this mysterious Carmilla? And just what has she to do with Laura's condition and the General?<br /><br />I have invented this game and would like as many people as possible to play it and let me know what their results are. I even have a catchy name and would have a jingle too but I can't be bothered with that. It's called the "this movie doesn't make any sense" game.<br /><br />All you have to do is whilst watching the movie try to come up with a complete plot that explains what is happening. I mean complete all questions answered everything makes sense absolutely complete.<br /><br />It will have to answer such questions as ... <br /><br />* Why can vampires walk around in day light?<br /><br />* Why are they all lesbians?<br /><br />* Why is a girl called Bob? and why does she shoot herself?<br /><br />* When is the movie a dream and when is it real?<br /><br />* Why does killing zombies appear to be an accepted part of life that doesn't make anyone bat an eyelid?<br /><br />* Why does Travis Fontaine spot and run down a zombie without slowing down whilst driving his car yet when faced with a woman with an obvious hostage in the back of her car accept the excuse that she is a zombie too?<br /><br />* And why does he then let a girl which he later openly reveals that he knows is the head vampire drive with him in his car?<br /><br />* And then let her drive off alone with his daughter in a stolen car?<br /><br />What the hell is the asylum scene all about?<br /><br />* What the hell is the green goo all about?<br /><br />* Why does the head vampire suddenly start dressing like a nurse?<br /><br />* Why are there never any vampires fighting Zombies?<br /><br />* What is the significance of the necklace? what is it made of? why does it kill vampires? and how does Jenna know that?<br /><br />In fact sod it it's just as much fun trying to come up with as many questions about this movie too.<br /><br />I have my plot and I have to admit it is not quite there but it is a pretty good effort.<br /><br />In Conclusion<br /><br />'Vampires vs Zombies' has no moment in it where there are actually Vampires fighting Zombies. Everyone in the movie seems to know exactly what is going on yet they seem very reluctant to let the audience in on this. And somehow it is based on a classic 19th century horror novel. How? Why? What the hell is going on?
critique5370 Not being a particular fan of westerns I watched this primarily because I wanted to see Lucille Ball in something other than an "I Love Lucy" or "Lucy Show" type of role. Here she plays Christine Larson owner of a saloon in the Arizona Territory in 1868 who's about to be married to the unscrupulous local Indian agent (Dean Jagger.) Ball's performance was OK - nothing really more than that; she didn't blow me away. It succeeded for me in that the role was very different from what I'm accustomed to seeing her in - there was very little of the outrageous physical comedy she later became famous for although the movie tried to maintain a gently amusing feel throughout. (A typical funny line - "there's two ways to deal with women - and no one knows either one of them!") I didn't find the story all that compelling although I appreciated that the Indians were shown as the victims of the Indian agent. There's typical shootout action and a lot of horses - your typical western in other words. As to Christine - we pretty much can guess from the beginning how her planned marriage is going to end up; it's just a question of how she's going to get there. If you like westerns this would be a pretty typical one with a bit of humour thrown in. If you're not big on the genre this will be lacking. I'm not big on the genre. 3/10
critique5371 This is definitely one of the weirder 70's movies out there and it's most notable for kicking off a decade of Bigfoot hysteria. It is also notable for the little touches of insanity throughout the movie especially when the dark moody first half is replaced by a MUSICAL INTERLUDE of all things (as another user pointed out one of the songs is dedicated to a character Travis Crabtree who paddles around in a canoe for a while then... leaves never to be seen again). Although it's painfully dated now i's still a fun scary movie to show to kids and anyone who enjoys either Bigfoot lore or 70's hillbilly culture is bound to get a kick out of this. My favorite part: a guy gets so scared that he jumps headfirst through a door (!?) and the narrator explains he went unconscious from "shock." Uh I'd say breaking a door with his head is more likely why he went unconscious but whatever.<br /><br />4/10 stars or 7/10 if you like bad Americana.
critique5372 Looking through the other comments I'm amazed that there aren't any warnings to potential viewers of what they have to look forward to when renting this garbage. First off I rented this thing with the understanding that it was a competently rendered Indiana Jones knock-off. What I got was one of the most offensive movies I can remember trying to sit through made all the more shocking by the movie's comparatively high production values.<br /><br />I don't think this is a spoiler but if it is be warned...<br /><br />If your idea of entertainment is watching Bimbo getting raped from behind by Fearsome Tribal Chief while she is staring into the dead eyes of her significant other's severed head by all means rent this flick. If not I'd advise you to look elsewhere for entertainment.<br /><br />Come to think of it that scene so succinctly sums up the movie that there's nothing else I really need to say about it.
critique5373 After his career as a romantic leading man ended in the late 1960s Rock Hudson starred in lots of different projects including TV shows and lesser films. However I believe that "Embryo" is his only turn as a mad scientist and that's probably a good thing. I guess he needed the work.<br /><br />Driving along one dark and stormy night brilliant Dr. Paul Holliston (Hudson) hits and injures a Doberman which he brings back to his lab (that looks somewhat like a dank Midwestern basement). He then manages to raise the dog's unborn puppy outside the womb so naturally he decides to do the same thing with a human being. He raises Victoria (the beautiful Barbara Carrera) from a fetus the same way. Victoria grows at an astonishing pace and soon blossoms into a gorgeous young woman.<br /><br />Predictably things go very wrong. After a halcyon beginning Holliston's sister-in-law Martha (Diane Ladd) begins to wonder where the young woman came from and Victoria herself begins to show signs of instability and violence. The final sequence is one long car chase straight out of "Smokey and the Bandit" after which VictoriaÃ‚Â—who has shockingly aged in just a few minutesÃ‚Â—is assaulted by a frantic Holliston who tries in vain to destroy his malformed creation along with its unborn child. All of this is accompanied by screeching tires roaring engines a car fire and lots of sirens. The limp endingÃ‚Â—a bunch of paramedics frantically working on Victoria while Holliston writhes in regretÃ‚Â—is more labored than creepy.<br /><br />Although just made in 1976 this movie is very dated. The only difference between this and the many 1940s mad scientist movies is that Hudson plays the lead role rather than Boris Karloff. The sets are pretty cheap and very antiquated to today's audiences to the extent that Hudson's reel-to-reel tape recorder is about the size of a refrigerator. Much of the action takes place in a poorly lighted laboratory. Hudson sleepwalks through his sordid role giving the impression that he's truly a washed-up movie star while Ladd and Carrera are much more believable. Surprisingly Roddy McDowall pops up briefly as a chess player.<br /><br />The Passport Video transfer is very substandard looking as though it had been made from a poor VHS copy using home equipment. If you're nostalgic for 1976 watch this once just to say you did. Otherwise watch a football game or soap opera instead.
critique5374 Despite its stereotypes virtually 'no-name' cast and an obviously low budget I thought this film was alright; much better than I expected it to be. I was skeptical at first - the idea of a computer virus that can also infect people seemed a little ludicrous to me. But in the end I thought the film handled the concept well (even if some scenes were a little clichÃƒÂ©d).<br /><br />The cast was quite good and the two leads seemed to take their roles very seriously. I couldn't help thinking though that Janine Turner is a bit of a Geena Davis look-a-like. Maybe it's just her face or the make-up hair and clothes she had in this movie but it just kept nagging at the back of my mind the whole time.<br /><br />While it's not a 'must see' or a great film by any standard 'Fatal Error' is an entertaining flick that will keep you watching until the end.
critique5375 Quite possibly. How Francis Veber one of the best comedy directors in the world (at least when sticking to his native France) managed to turn in a film so completely unwatchable is beyond the reason of mere mortal man to discern. It's not just that the characters are so unlikeable or that the film is so utterly devoid of even the lowest form of wit: it's genuinely physically painful to watch such an endless parade of inept writing acting and film-making that you cannot believe this is the work of experienced - and talented - filmmakers. For once the near-eternity spent in the cutting room and on the shelf before its blink-and-you'll-miss-it theatrical release tells the whole story. What were they thinking?
critique5376 Tenants Two writers struggle to complete their books in an all but empty apartment house. They at first help each other and then slowly the tension between them begins to build.<br /><br />This is based upon a Bernard Malamud novel and unfortunately everyone speaks as though they are in that novel. Very little of the dialog is natural its purple and brimming with shades of meaning. Its as if a college English major with a head full of pretensions wrote the script. It's awful and I found myself instantly immune to anything the film had to say which is a shame since the film is populated with great performances from top to bottom. Snoop Dog on down are fine form unfortunately none of them can over come the falseness of the words and the premise.<br /><br />I can't really recommend this movie. While not really bad its very preachy and pretentious to the point of making you want to walk away. I lost interest less then a third of the way in and had to struggle to get to the end. If you're interested I'd try it on cable but I wouldn't lay out good money to see it.
critique5377 A ridiculous badly acted Mini Cooper infomercial. Includes cameos from Pepsi Dell etc. <br /><br />Absolutely nothing worth rescuing here. Particularly bad are Donald Sutherland the music score scene transitions etc. An embarrassing production.<br /><br />Hey THEY should pay YOU for watching this one.
critique5378 As I sit back after watching Wong Kar-wai's 1994 movie Ashes of Time Ã‚Â– more specifically the 2008 re-edit and re-release with the word 'Redux' slapped on the end of the title Ã‚Â– I wonder what went wrong. I wonder why the film just didn't work out at all. I wonder why the movie failed to score any major points in my book. In particular what was it about the film which dragged it down and made it the director's worst film of his career?<br /><br />Well it's not too hard to figure out really. Let me just say that it truly is a shame that Kar-wai so abruptly went down this hell-hole of mediocrity and poorness in moviedom especially considering the fact that in the same year he released Chungking Express one of his enduring legacies and an absolutely sublime film. So Ã‚Â– what went wrong? It would be suitable to consider Ashes of Time as somewhat of an experimental film. Our director essentially places his own inimitable style of film-making and places it in an entirely different setting mood and atmosphere; what results is a catastrophic film which is all over the place and simply does not work out. Hence it would be even wiser to call Ashes of Time a failed experiment. Bold audacious and innovative but a failure nonetheless.<br /><br />Let me elaborate. Those who have seen the films of Mr. Kar-wai a Hong Kong-born film auteur who's made his mark on the art-house world since his debut in the late-80's will know that there is an overriding aesthetic which binds all of his movies together; essentially and frankly speaking they're all colourful thought-provoking amiable subtly humorous and meaningful evocations of life love and loss. The same formula is transposed into Ashes of Time; however the regular setting of Hong Kong is ridden of and in its stead we're placed into the setting of ancient China and the land of the legendary martial arts warriors and clansmen.<br /><br />Intertwined into this quasi-adventure/historical caper is the typical Kar-wai love story this time involving an elegiac hit-man who has moved to the middle of the desert and is carrying out contract killings. However I must stop myself there; description of characters is a useless thing to do. Why? Because not a single character in Ashes of Time is worth mentioning or nothing. What a bland cast and what a waste of talent (the case of Ashes of Time contains nearly all regular Kar-wai collaborators).<br /><br />Not only that but the film is essentially endless incessant rambling in a horrendous almost non-existent narrative structure. One of the main reasons why detractors of Ashes of Time berate it is because it seems to possess no plot whatsoever let alone a semblance or an indication of one. You can definitely see what they're getting at even from the first two three minutes maybe less of the film. Perhaps it's just the atypical setting of ancient China which is unaccustomed and inappropriate for Kar-wai's typical film-making style. I like to think however unfortunate it may be that Mr. Kar-wai just stuffed up big time here.<br /><br />One thing that a reviewer can actually compliment in Ashes of Time albeit said compliment being starkly isolated is another director trademark Ã‚Â– wonderful colourful and blissful aesthetics. What joyous colour is composed on-screen what glorious textures are painted for us and what breathtaking landscapes and imagery are captured for us throughout the entire movie. We can at least take this as a sign that Wong Kar-wai is still there at heart and it's just the film which is so atypical and buries his usually commendable nuance. Although the visuals aren't enough for us to fully absolve Kar-wai for this disastrous venture they're enough to make the film worthwhile Ã‚Â– and at least we don't walk out of the movie in a completely and totally cantankerous mood now that there's something we can think of nicely.<br /><br />The film is essentially a 'wuxia art' film following in the style of say legendary Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa. However one thing differentiates Kar-wai's film from Kurosawa's best and that's that in the Japanese director's films everything gels together and simply works. In Ashes of Time nothing seems to work. Kar-wai's attempt to make a genuinely profound wuxia film let alone an intellectual and provocative movie in general terms is a futile endeavour.<br /><br />Kar-wai claims that making Ashes of Time exhausted him and that he needed time to clear his head. It must've certainly been a fatiguing effort on his behalf as his exertions are embodied in the film and transferred to us directly Ã‚Â– I mean just watching the film is an exhausting effort and now I need time to clear my head of this unpleasant movie-going experience.
critique5379 I have to say this is better than most SyFy outings but that isn't saying much.<br /><br />The plot is that someone buys a game that is made from the bones and skin of a dead witch from the Spanish Inquisition (and nobody ever expects the Spanish Inquisition!) He and his friends play the game only to be interrupted halfway through when the friend who went on the beer run is killed in a way that the game predicted.<br /><br />What then follows are a series of kills that are typical for a movie like this or any of the Final Destination movies. It has the puzzle at the end and the interesting subplot with the cop who wants the game to bring back his family... but otherwise it's just a mess.
critique5380 I am a big fan of British films in general but especially gangster movies. Unfortunately this film was shockingly bad. I think its pretty depressing that this film is getting any good customer reviews. The idea that this film is gritty and realistic is laughable. I have read and heard fist hand quite a lot about the real life events shown in this movie and they have nearly all been glorified with over the top violence etc. The only gritty true to life event in the whole film was the Range Rover murders where some overblown bouncers got rubbed out for messing with people they could not handle. This film is a disgrace to British cinema! It has no plot and no decent acting and just relies on being violent( gritty and realistic as some people like to put it) The sort of people who made this film should not be allowed near a budget or film camera just as the sort of people this film is about should not be given the opportunity to tell this pathetic violent little tale of no consequence.
critique5381 This is the most depressing film I have ever seen. I first saw it as a child and even thinking about it now really upsets me. I know it was set in a time when life was hard and I know these people were poor and the crops were vital. Yes I get all that. What I find hard to take is I can't remember one single light moment in the entire film. Maybe it was true to life I don't know. I'm quite sure the acting was top notch and the direction and quality of filming etc etc was wonderful and I know that every film can't have a happy ending but as a family film it is dire in my opinion.<br /><br />I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wants to be entertained by a film. I can't stress enough how this film affected me as a child. I was talking about it recently and all the sad memories came flooding back. I think it would have all but the heartless reaching for the Prozac.
critique5382 What a disappointment especially in light of the budget provided the technical resources available and the talent assembled. Isn't the fundamental rule for science fiction/drama to create in the audience the willing suspension of disbelief. POA 2001 creates a plausible beginning suckering us in but thereinafter Mr. Burton forgets that his moviegoers have working brains. The over the top libertarian of Helena Bonham Carter's chimp the worthlessness of the humans' lockup the ease of their escape their extraordinary skills of horsemanship (this is an astronaut and a group of human primitives suddenly riding full tilt) the massive and immediate human rebellion all are too unbelievable. Mark Wahlberg never once projects any sense of real fear danger or comeuppance in this world turned upside down. Compare to the original in which Chuck Heston's nakedness metaphorically captured his utter helplessness and astonishment at his turn of events. The uniformed Wahlberg preserves his modesty but also his apparent sense of management and control in an inherently wacky situation and we never really wonder about his well being. Unlike Heston he seems never to be in real jeopardy. Tim Burton should have used some of the f/x budget for some competent screenwriting. In fact after this inferior fiasco I wonder why Hollywood's producers ever bothered to settle the screenwriters and directors strike threats. Let them walk. Trained monkeys could have done as well as they did in Planet of the Apes 2001. I'll bet the repeat viewings of this effort will be nonexistent. It could have been a new franchise and a wonderful new step for imagination. Another opportunity lost.
critique5383 Who the heck had the "bright"(?) idea of casting Lucille Ball in this film??? It should have been Angela Lansbury's baby all the way. At the very least Lucy should have had her singing dubbed. <br /><br />There is some compensation in the fact that Jerry Herman's score is pretty well kept intact except for "That's How Young I Feel" and we do get performances by the original Broadway cast members Jane Connell and Bea Arthur. <br /><br />I suppose Robert Preston had to be given a song hence the inferior "Loving You". <br /><br />Overall I think in this one the wrong redhead was cast.
critique5384 This is one of the dumbest films I've ever seen. It rips off nearly ever type of thriller and manages to make a mess of them all.<br /><br />There's not a single good line or character in the whole mess. If there was a plot it was an afterthought and as far as acting goes there's nothing good to say so Ill say nothing. I honestly cant understand how this type of nonsense gets produced and actually released does somebody somewhere not at some stage think 'Oh my god this really is a load of shite' and call it a day. Its crap like this that has people downloading illegally the trailer looks like a completely different film at least if you have download it you haven't wasted your time or money Don't waste your time this is painful.
critique5385 The story idea is excellent. Unfortunately the execution lets it down.<br /><br />The movie lacks pace for one thing. It should be an exciting ride but it is slow and more than a little boring.<br /><br />I think the problem's mainly in the screenplay and editing. There aren't enough obstacles and reversals to ratchet up suspense and there are scenes which don't really move the story along very effectively.<br /><br />The producers should have seen this in the screenplay and insisted upon a major rewrite. Unfortunately when the producer is also the writer and the director this evidently ain't gonna happen.<br /><br />Much of the acting seems kind of flat and that is down to the director - all the actors have been quite competent in other projects.<br /><br />It's a shame because with better writing editing and direction this could have been a really good thriller.
critique5386 This is one of the very worst films Clark Gable made. Only PARNELL was obviously worse. It is just so painfully clichÃƒÂ©d and the dialog is so lousy that it is something neither Gable nor Jean Harlow should have been proud of making.<br /><br />Gable is a heel whose illegal activities result in his girl going' to the slammer (like the gangster talk?). She holds out hope that he'll do the right thing but he just leaves her there--unknown to either of them gosh that she's "in the family way". Eventually the rogue returns to do the right thing and somehow they tie this all together into a happy ending! They seemed to have forgotten about Gable's needing to take the rap and spend several years in the hoosegow. Leonard Maltin says "the stars are at their best here". By what standard? Best at producing unintended chuckles? Gimme a break!<br /><br />PS--after saying this my wife thinks Leonard Maltin is going to find me and kick my butt. Hmmm. However despite my comment I think Mr. Maltin is the finest reviewer and human being on the planet (I hope that appeased him).<br /><br />UPDATE--2/2/08. Because I disliked this film so much the first time (especially the ridiculous ending) I decided to watch it once again. After all sometimes when I watch a film again I like it much more and realize that I was a bit too harsh. While that has been the case with several films in recent months I still disliked this film--even the second time. Most of it was not because of the first half of the film. In the first half Harlow's character was amazingly stupid but at least it was believable. But when she was sent to prison it was all clichÃƒÂ©s until the final ridiculous marriage scene occurred. The bottom line is that this sequence is embarrassingly dumb--it just makes no sense at all and is akin to turning the movie into some wacky fairy tale instead of a love story about two cons. I stand by my original review (despite all the "NOT HELPFULS") and think that aside from PARNELL and possibly POLLY AT THE CIRCUS it might just be the worst Gable film.
critique5387 Yet again one of the most misunderstood Goddesses of my country has been twisted by "Westerners" who cannot understand the esoteric symbolism of the Mother Goddess in her dark forms. The Mother takes on the frightening form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and to terrify our egos. And though blood sacrifice is given to Kali and Durga the events depicted in this film are just absurd. The Mother takes on a wrathful form to be wrathful to our inner demons limitations and ego when no other form will suffice. It's also in her wrathful form that she burns away all your Karmas in the "Smashan" fires that you cultivate in your heart for her to dance on if you love her and she will bring you to reality and truth. Reality and truth has a dark side as well as light which serves a purpose. The Mother is the embodiment of the physical Universe as well she is Nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You cannot have growth and life without death and destruction. Kali represents the force of destruction for the purpose of new growth and life both mundane and spiritual in the universe. It's very outrageous to me that people who know nothing of India or it's divinity can just take one of our beloved Goddesses and use her like a cheap prostitute to make some low-budget talentless horror film. How dare they take our beloved Mother and portray her as a horror that makes people chop their eyelids off!? She is only horrific to those who are attached to their ego and who live in delusion  greed anger and other inner-demons. It's very clear to me that the person who wrote this movie must have a very serious self-deluding ego and serious inner-demons to see Kali as so horrible and terrible. When the ego drops away she becomes a form that is enchanting beautiful and young a beauty that is so enchanting to behold that she enchants the entire Universe with it. Kali Maa is an ancient Mother not to be trifled with for the sake of entertainment let's just hope that in her endless compassion and mercy that she does not take on wrathful form to those involved with this movie.<br /><br />The audacity that Westerners have in using religions like my own or the religions of the Caribbean Islands such as Santeria and Vodou which are actually very positive and other such religions to twist and exaggerate misunderstood elements that the Western mind cannot comprehend is totally ridiculous. It's clear that there is no respect for what people live breathe and believe in when it comes to these kind of flicks.<br /><br />Kali Maa in reality is a caring and compassionate mother whom we shed tears at her beautiful feet in devotion and love for. And I am happy that my Mother takes on wrathful form sometimes to protect her devotees from themselves and from outside forces.<br /><br />Many Praises to the REAL Kali Maa who has shown MANY the path of God and realization.
critique5388 It's important to check your expectations when you see HATCHET. The *buzz that has been generated on this site far surpasses the real impact of the movie. What may help someone about to see the movie is to realize that it is --not supposed to be scary--. It is pure camp and an attempt at fun. It is not --funny-- just campy. Don't expect something like SHAUN OF THE DEAD; nor something like Friday THE 13TH (Part II through infinity).<br /><br />HATCHET does possess passable actors. The cinematography is straight Ed Wood. Creature effects and make-up are silly - probably on purpose. Gore and blood is something between Romero and DEAD ALIVE. HATCHET is a movie of betweenness. It's between SHAUN OF THE DEAD and LESLIE VERNON. It's between campy and comedy (there's a difference). It's between ultra violent and violent comic book.<br /><br />Instead of "capturing the essence of American Horror" or whatever other silly jargon that has been used to describe the movie it tries to capture something between seminal --American-- Horror like Friday THE 13TH and new Horror like SHAUN. It thankfully stays away from Torture Horror.<br /><br />In the end HATCHET is between a bad movie and a decent movie.<br /><br />*I think it is happening more and more that people involved in movies are flocking to sites like IMDb to rate and comment on the movies that they are involved with. At very least there is campaigning going on for people associated with the associates to leave positive feedback and ratings. There is no other reason for this movie to have stared out in the high 7s with 600 votes and quickly fall after wide release. This movie is on just better than the HorrorFest releases and should not be so bloated.
critique5389 Are you kidding me? This is quite possibly the worst amateur movie I've ever seen. The casting was horrible the acting was worse than horrible and I'm sorry the guy at the picnic speed loading his plate full of food was somewhere near pointless and the demonic turd and chamber pot chasing Drew around was nothing more than comical. When I herd about the Bell Witch I wanted to believe. I read some literature on it and thought it sounded like it was possible a plausible story. But this movie just destroyed that. Ric White (Director Writer Lead Actor etc) takes himself a bit too seriously and I think he gives himself a little more credit than he deserves....Do yourself a favor....skip this one.
critique5390 People stranded in a country house during a storm discover that the home was the sight of an unsolved murder years before. During a dinner discussion of the incident the lights go out and when they come back on they discover that one of the guests has been killed. Fearing for their lives the guests attempt to find out the secrets behind the death before others can occur according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis.<br /><br />There are a couple of clever twists in this murder at the "Old Dark House" story with the "Play within a Play" being its most interesting feature. However the direction is rather ordinary which serves to highlight a certain cheapness of production. Like most movies of this type there is (or should be) an ensemble of intriguing characters. Herein only old-time Broadway producer Richard Carle (as Herman Wood) and his fey secretary Johnny Arthur (as Homer Erskine) maintain interest.<br /><br />**** The Ghost Walks (12/1/34) Frank R. Strayer ~ Richard Carle Johnny Arthur John Miljan
critique5391 Hayden Christianson and Jessica Alba two of my least favourite actors of this century team up in what is quite possibly the flattest attempt at remake the already dire The Butterfly Effect. Awake is so dull and so utterly uninteresting that you'd be better off asleep. Terrance Howard still recovering from the diabolical August Rush puts up a decent fight as the sadistic doctor who seems hell bent on killing Christianson and after viewing his performance I would gladly assists.<br /><br />Alba still recovering after Fantastic Four Rise of the Silver surfer. Is naturally disastrous and equally unwatchable as she always was. Only once has she ever been rather brilliant at that was in the safe hands of master director Robert Rodriguez in Sin City. Could it possibly be that Jessica alba isn't as poor of an actress as most give her credit for and is is possibly that her acting abilities are being weight down by a poor script. If so then that would explain Awake. What with a script that would shame that of Plan 9 from Outer Space.<br /><br />Jessica Alba Hayden Christenson and Terrence Howard star in first-time director/screenwriter Joby Harold's nerve-jangling psychological thriller about a man who experiences the frighteningly common surgical phenomenon known as "aesthetic awareness" in which those laid out on the operating table remain acutely aware of what is going on around them despite remaining completely paralyzed and unable to cry out for help. When a successful young young man (Christenson) goes under the knife and realizes that the anaesthesia hasn't quite done its job the horror quickly sets in as his worried wife (Alba) waits anxiously and a terrifying drama unfolds in the operating room.<br /><br />Hoping to do for operating tables what Final Destination did for planes this first effort from director Joby Harold pivots on a blood-frosting conceit. The pre-credits sequence tells us one in 700 people suffers from a phenomenon known as 'anaesthetic awareness' where the patient remains conscious but paralysed during surgery. One such unfortunate individual is Clayton Beresford Jr (Hayden Christensen) who finds himself wide awake during a heart transplant... and he can feel every single slice.<br /><br />Intermittently inventive as it probes away at his tortured psyche Awake fails to inject true terror into its novel premise. Spiralling from chilling simplicity into absurd conspiracy it's hindered by stilted turns from Christensen and Jessica Alba. You'll wish you'd popped a sedative before watchingÃ‚Â… <br /><br />VERDICT: Awake is at very best extremely undemanding. A pull no punches film that undoubtedly looked better on paper. As a film though its awfully generic and extremely derived. Awake fails to inject terror into its novel premise. The end result is really quite lousy. Alba and Christian are the very least of your worries as the films main flaw lies in its inability to scare its audience. Awake is a film you'll most likely sleep through.
critique5392 The last of the "Airport" sequels. This has Alain Delon and George Kennedy (who was in all the Airport movies) as pilots; David Warner (!!!) as the radio engineer; Susan Blakely as a newswoman targeted for death; Robert Wagner as a brilliant scientist (stop laughing!); Eddie Albert as a president of the airlines; Charo in a dreadful "comical" bit; John Davidson as a newsman (love how his hair stays in place even AFTER the plane turns upside down!); poor Martha Raye is humiliated; Cicely Tyson plays a mother who is flying a heart for her dying son (stop rolling your eyes!); Jimmie Walker as a clarinet player (what did I say about not laughing?); Mercedes McCambridge as a Russian gymnastics coach (OK you can laugh at that one); Bibi Andresson as a hooker and Sylvia Kristel and Sybil Danning as love interests.<br /><br />Just pathetic. Full of stupid plots and dialogue that will have you roaring--watch for Davidson getting "married" on the plane near the end! The Concorde is taking all these people to Russia. They're attacked with missiles escape land safely in France and TAKE OFF AGAIN the very next day!!!! Don't you think the flight would have been cancelled or something? Most of the acting is terrible--McCambridge is a sight to behold in a red fright wig and a horrible fake accent. The only good acting is from Kennedy and Delon (looking fantastic) who gives a very engaging performance. Still that's not enough to make you sit through this drivel. Too long and lousy special effects too. This was a mega-bomb and (thankfully) stopped Universal from doing anymore.
critique5393 I must have missed a part of this movie... I found myself asking who is this? And when did that happen? It seemed to jump around but I kept watching for fear I was missing something and it would all be explained to me. I loved Lonesome Dove but this movie made no sense to me at all. I did love all the actors but what happened to the rest of the movie? It made me go "what"? at the beginning of each part..As far as the scenery - I thought it was fine..It made me feel though like I was leafing through a book and leaving pages out.. The ending had me a little confused too although I imagine the boy was waiting for his father and was meant to leave you wondering if his father would finally come home to his son and be a father since his mother was now gone..I would like to read the book just to see what I missed in the movie..I don't expect this one to win any awards.
critique5394 Bardem is great. Actresses are great. But Amenabar did not have to do it like this. It is OK that he defends his position on the euthanasia an extremely delicate issue. But doing it like this makes him lose his point: the movie is a false offensive to the intelligence full of tricks and even sometimes extremely boring. Some scenes are advertising material more than a movie. Women are incredibly attracted to this mind-sick man who wants to make someone to kill him not understanding the implications of that. He seems not to care about no one and thank them for their caring love and attention. I think that Amenabar might have make people think about this issue in a different way but the way he chose to do it I believe is not correct. He could have make his point more powerful exposing the other side of the coin without mocking it.
critique5395 Darkly comic serendipity about a cosmetics saleswoman with odd ties to Elvis Presley running into a sea of Elvis impersonators while speaking at conventions in Nevada...and accidentally killing each one of them through little fault of her own. Kim Basinger a still-attractive actress of considerable merit likes to pick quirky movies to play in but this dreadful screenplay (by Mitchell Ganem and Adam-Michael Garber) hasn't an iota of good humor. The stereotypes and low-ball gags are not meant to be the stuff of classic comedy but even on a shambling shameful level the picture is crude and sloppy. If you do watch see if you can count how much extraneous shots there are of Basinger behind the wheel of her pink Cadillac hands always in the same position and a non-plussed look on her face. Hopefully both she and Elvis were well paid. NO STARS from ****
critique5396 Comedy Central has a habit of putting on great programs at times-Chappelle's Show The Daily Show Colbert Report and then there are those that some people love or hate-Stella Dr. Katz. Then there are some shows that have their defenders but are just plain awful- Mencia and now Sarah Silverman.<br /><br />This show is based on the fact Silverman is self-Centered which can be funny (Colbert Report) but can be horrible (Mind of Mencia). It should shock no one that I believe the latter is the case. This show is a parody of a sitcom and society a program so absurd it loses itself in its absurdity and it simply isn't funny. A woman farting has been done in comedy many many times because its not something that's common. We don't need 25 minutes of it. When a criminal is disarmed by a queef it simply loses its appeal-we saw it in Jay and Silent Bob Strike back except the women were hotter and the whole scene was more absurd making it better. But the best comparison of this show is to Stella except Stella was more subtle which is what made the absurdist comedy funny. It had better acting and I suppose a bit more of a fantastical realist view.<br /><br />Perhaps the fact some reviews are so negative (I'm very skeptical of the critical acclaim but do not dispute fan reaction) to this show is the amount of advertising on it very obnoxious ads through many programs far outdo advertising on for other programs. Many people are wondering why Sarah Silverman has a career and others are still bitter when better shows have been canceled. This show should've never made it past the unaired pilot stage. Back to Norm showed far more promise yet this show makes it further. And as far as critics being correct many things have been universally panned have seen their status rise immensely. Last I checked Britney Spears gets good reviews too also. Take that comparison however you want because someone will no doubt accuse me of being psychotic on IMDb for not liking this show.
critique5397 While the dog was cute the film was not. It wasn't the premise or the theme that was a problem. The premise had great possibilities for humor and pathos both. The theme is a worthy one. Helping other people is more important than amassing a fortune.<br /><br />Sadly the adorable dog the unique premise and the theme were undercut by poor acting stilted dialogue and amateurish filming.<br /><br />Even my youngest child who will sit through almost anything gave up before we had gotten halfway through. How many times can that dog run up and down the same hallway? I can't spoil it for you as I never saw the end. It just was not worth watching all the way to the end.
critique5398 It's hard to believe a movie can be this bad but you live and learn. What's more amazing is the fact that the people who put this thing together likely had college educations. Meanwhile the fruit of their labor bares the appearance of something a group of five eighth graders may have come up with. On the bright side (if there is one) the soundtrack has some nice moments which is another reason to question how the rest of the film can be so hideously bad.
critique5399 .... this movie basks too much in its own innocence. It doesn't tell a story; it's more a big time snooze fest. While the actors are all personable the story is so trite and goes nowhere. I think Victor Rasuk has great charisma but deserves a real film from a real storyteller.
critique5400 Having read during many years about how great this film was how it established Ruiz among the french critics (specially the snobbish Cahiers crowd) when I finally watched it about a year ago I found it pretty disappointing (but then I guess my expectations were sky-high). Shot in saturated black and white this deliberately cerebral film (made for TV and mercifully only an hour long) is told in the form of a conversation between an art connoisseur and an off-screen narrator as they ponder through a series of paintings (which are shown in the style of tableaux vivants) and try to find if they hold some clues about a hidden political crime. (The awful Kate Beckinsale film Uncovered has a similar argument). Borgesian is a word I read a lot in reviews about this movie but I would say almost any Borges story is more interesting than this film.
critique5401 The plot has something about white hunters captured by a tribe of white women in the African jungle/ plains.Its a turkey and the some. What it really is is wildly mismatched footage from early sound and silent films mixed with badly shot recent(to the release) footage of men on a safari. There are scenes of a man in a gorilla suit south seas natives at sea (used to represent people in the middle of Africa) women in bikini's horrible narration and a guy in a loin cloth with make up all over his body (racially insensitive I think so). This is a movie to sit and make fun of- but only with lots of alcoholic drinks and witty friends. At any other time this is going to be a chore to get through. Its a bad bad bad movie. Beyond that I'm speechless
critique5402 Pretentious horror film that looks like a soap opera gone goth about a drug that send you to a fantasy world where strange creatures lurk. The film has some good imagery but its odd mix of whats real and whats not doesn't go anywhere. Worse are the vague pronouncements in voice over from one of the characters. It seems to herald a more serious more meaningful film but I don't think they even got into the serious or meaningful territory to begin with so trying to over sell the meaning comes off silly. There isn't a great deal to say people talk take drugs have visions...they talks some more. Its not bad so much as pointless and dull. The dull is the sin here and the reason you'll want to avoid this.
critique5403 It's a bit difficult to believe that this came from the same director that gave us HELLRAISER. Where's the style the foreboding and the charm? I mean HELLRAISER is not a great horror film but at least it had something. NIGHTBREED is like a large ball of bad ideas poorly executed. From the opening there is a problem with subtlety: the monsters are shown in the first shot! The opening dream sequence shows too much for too long. Our hero doesn't display professional acting skills (but no one expected that from this bastard genre). There are killings that one wishes were more interesting. Then we have David Cronenberg. The man was never really meant to be an actor. He fills the role of the creepy psychiatrist adequately but what he should have done was step behind the camera and save this disaster. Then we come to Midian a creepy fake graveyard with an over-creepy fake gate. This thing is not a huge improvement over the cemetery in PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE. It gets worse when we meet the creatures in it. There is nothing really wrong with the character design and make-up effects here (well... except for the guy with no scalp the guy with a pointy chin and forehead and the fat guy with dark circles around his eyes) the problem is the way they act and the terrible dialogue that is given them. Barker's photography of the subterranean city is tired and this part of the story could have been made much better. Some might call what follows SPOILERS. After our hero dies and becomes "nightbreed" we wait around to see what he'll turn into (there's talk of things that fly and werewolves) but when the time comes for him to change they appearantly thought their hero too pretty to give a decent creature design. With the turn in Cronenberg's "character" the story just gets less interesting until the battle of freaks vs. norms (which is just bad). Barker's mythology failed him here. There is no genius and little originality behind any of NIGHTBREED. The picture could have used a larger budget a serious script and character design that doesn't leave you saying "oh...oh how lame." What a waste. Not scary not cool not even very dark just weak.
critique5404 Okay so I forgot to watch and only caught the last episode thinking it was the first or second. Honestly I thought CM would have at least one more installment to resolve plot points. The Rangers are left stranded on the plains ("We'll have to eat the horses") for one thing. Little Newt is bereft for another. What a downer ending! But my biggest complaint esp. if this was the finale is that the episode had no suspense no big climax no dramatic confrontations. Even the last fight between Blue Duck and Buffalo Hump was badly staged. The whole episode had terrible pacing which is what drives a Western. Steve Zahn was watchable Karl Urban (a ringer for Johnny Knoxville) played Call like a man with a terminal case of lockjaw. All glowering looks and jingling spurs and jutting chin. And what's with the Rangers? They talked big about cleaning up Texas then milled around aimlessly in the middle of town getting drunk. And how nice of Hal Holbrook to loan Val Kilmer his Mark Twain wig and stache! The set of Austin was like the fake Rock Ridge from Blazing Saddles all facade. I admit I was drawn into the plot but that's mainly cause there were many things I didn't quite get thanks to coming in late in story. If I'd watched from the beginning I might not have gotten to episode three. Now I have to go watch Silverado to cleanse my palette.
critique5405 This one features all the (bad) effect of Prior's cheap-o movies but is so overtly racist nasty and unpleasant that it is difficult to give this piece of dreck any redeeming feature. Unless you plan to enlist in the Marines skip this one. Oh and even if you do avoid it at all costs.
critique5406 A black guy fights ..... and supposedly wins .... yeah ... 1/10. Obviously fiction.<br /><br />So we're presented with a damm nice title a real nice tag line and even a nice plot line .. Thats about it thats where it ends.. We move into fiction after that.<br /><br />Michael Jai White the black guy so don't get confused with the name.. portrays a black guy.. Umm thats all there is to the name..<br /><br />Its so hard to find decent help must have hired the black guys friends to help cause the low budget low ineptness of this movie has the camera's shadow trailing the first scenes.... Yeah obvious idiot moment for the average guy like you and me.. but yeah...<br /><br />10 lines. review submitted. if you paid to see this movie you got screwed.
critique5407 The scariest thing about freshman director Carter Smith's new horror movie "The Ruins" is the closing credits that list comedian Ben Stiller as one of the executive producers. What was Stiller thinking when he sank his bucks into this chiller about cursed carnivorous undergrowth that creeps up on its victims and devours them. Oscar-nominated scenarist Scott B. Smith of "A Simple Plan" adapting his own bestselling novel sticks steadfastly to the standard clichÃƒÂ©s and conventions of all twentysomething scary sagas where reckless youth do everything but tote signs begging the forces of evil to eat them. Were cretinous characters not enough to contend with in this nihilistic nonsense we're treated to yet another film where American tourists find themselves in jeopardy simply because they are Americans. Furthermore unlike really good horror movies that explain why the monsters have a need to feed "The Ruins" provides no explanation for the supernatural shenanigans of its villainous vines. <br /><br />The set-up for "The Ruins" resembles the 2006 horror movie "Turistas" where slimy South Americans trapped brainless American backpackers and harvested them for their internal organs. Indeed "Turistas" generated some legitimate thrills and chills. "The Ruins" spawns nothing in the way of either thrills or chills. A malicious mastiff that suddenly lurches on-camera to snarl at our heroes is as close as it gets to a thrill. <br /><br />The rest of "The Ruins" borrows from another movie: "The Descent" a superb 2006 chiller about a bunch of babes plunged into a nightmare experience when they get lost in warren of caves inhabited by albino mutants with a blood lust for murder. A couple of other movies that served either intentionally or unintentionally come to mind too. They are the straightforward 1968 Hammer horror classic "The Lost Continent" about murderous vegetation that menaces innocent bystanders in a sea of derelict ships and the Roger Corman cult class "The Little Shop of Horrors" (1961)about a New York florist that grows a man-eating plant in his shop.. <br /><br />"The Ruins" unfolds in the scenic sunny Mexico where four frolicking American college kids Eric (Shawn Ashmore of the "X-Men" movies) Stacy (Laura Ramsey of "The Covenant") Jeff (Jonathan Tucker of "Sleepers") and Amy (Jena Malone of "Pride & Prejudice") are wrapping up their tequila-soaked spring break. Stacy loses a prized earring in a motel swimming pool but a helpful Teutonic twentysomething tourist Mathias (Joe Anderson of "Copying Beethoven") recovers it and the group embraces him as newest best friend. These people live to party and they have already made friends with a trio of Greek tourists. Mathias tells them about his wayward brother who has accompanied a cute female archaeologist to a remote Mayan pyramid that isn't listed in any guidebooks. He offers to take them with him and they accept. <br /><br />First rule of horror movies: if nobody knows about the place where you're going you'd be well advised to avoid it. Since they have only one day left and they haven't done anything adventurous our two couples along with their Spanish-speaking Greek friend Dimtri (newcomer Dimitri Baveas) decide to follow Mathias and check the pyramid out. They catch a bus into the interior of Mexico and look for a taxi to take them on the next leg of their journey. A cabbie glances at their map and warns them to stay away. Second rule of horror movies: when the natives warn you to steer clear you steer clear. A crisp twenty dollar bill helps him change his mind and he hauls them off to their destination and then he skedaddles in a heartbeat. <br /><br />No sooner have our heroes found the mysterious Mayan pyramid covered with undergrowth that looks suspiciously like a variation of Mississippi kudzu in the jungle than superstitious natives appear. They know that the pyramid is haunted and they kill Dimtri without a qualm when he tries to dispel their fears. The remaining protagonists scramble to safety atop the pyramid while the paranoid natives surround them to prevent them from escaping. Eventually the vines slink out to greet our heroes and eat them. At this point "The Ruins" turns into "Bug" the recent and ridiculous Ashley Judd schizoid movie about insects that get under your skin. Before long our heroes are carving each other up in a futile effort to extract the vines from under their skin. One particularly gruesome scene shows the Americans lopping off the German guy's legs to save his life. By comparison it makes the tortures of the Spanish Inquisition look tame. <br /><br />"The Ruins" ranks as just another vine mess with nothing to redeem it.
critique5408 Really!Here the French cinema hits rock bottom and compared to it the least appealing of the American adolescent horror moviesthe likes of "Friday the thirteenth" "Freddy" and co are masterpieces of the seventh art.<br /><br />It's all the more infuriating as there were exciting original elements :the forÃƒÂªt de BrocÃƒÂ©liande and its legends the druids and King Arthur all were splendid assets for a dreamlike fantasy and horror film.Alas! Filmed as an user aptly pointed out in a fake forestnear Paris the movie is fake horrorfake Celtic historyfake vestiges -you should see the professor (Wilms who was a wonderful M.Le Quesnoy in "la vie est un long fleuve tranquille) scream for the "invaluable scrap" -which the production probably bought in a dime store-fake characters fake excavations...<br /><br />The boys disguised as druids are unintentionally very funny ;so are the girls who seem to be experts in martial arts.And what can we say of the professors? of the monster? A ten year old would write a better screenplay than this grotesque farce.To think that people can spend money for such drivel when artists are still waiting for a producer!<br /><br />Word to the wise:Maurice Leblanc wrote a marvelous story dealing with druids and old ceremonies in his Arsene Lupin saga called "l'ÃƒÂ®le aux trente cercueils" .A miniseries was made 30 years ago.Avoid this "Broceliande" garbage and try to see it instead.
critique5409 Have I seen a worse movie? No I can't say that I have. This was pathetic. If the director is still alive: 1. He shouldn't be. 2. He should be ashamed. 3. God how I would like to take out my 2 completely wasted hours of time on his a$$.<br /><br />To give you guys a few pointers of the "film": <br /><br />1. (I'm a male) and I would rather give myself a papercut on the opening of my urethra before viewing this again (seriously).<br /><br />2. It does have a few known names in it (Casper Van Dien Erika Eleniak Coolio). They don't help and their careers in cinema after this "film" are officially over by the way.<br /><br />3. The dialog is the worst I've ever heard. "I want to ejaculate on your bozonkas."? What kind of writer did they have on this film? Was he still using hooked-on-phonics and just got his letters mixed up to make these horrible sentences? or was he trying to get the Director killed by the few people who saw this? <br /><br />4. Watch this "film" backwards. Because I PROMISE you that you do not want to watch it forwards.<br /><br />5. This "film" would make Helen Keller get up and walk out of the theater.<br /><br />6. The set of the movie looks like an adult sized McDonald's playplace. I was just waiting for this so called "Dracula" to fall in the ball pit at some time in the movie.<br /><br />7. Also I like that in the year 3000 they still have headsets with wires that go to their mouth. No bluetooth no wireless headsets no chips placed in the brain but they use headsets borrowed from a telemarketing agency that went out of business in 1983(Nice job Set director on this one. Real professional. I hope you're currently unemployed and reading this.) <br /><br />8. I don't know who was in charge of special effects but I could have done better in my backyard with my VHS camcorder that doesn't have a battery.<br /><br />9. I was a devout Catholic before this "film". But since viewing it I know there is not a God because if there was he wouldn't have let this film be produced. I am now an atheist.<br /><br />10. I'll be honest I can't talk about the ending. Last time I tried to explain it I fell into a coma.<br /><br />Folks however bored you get however curious(or brave) you are however many laughs you THINK you will get out of this movie please DO NOT WATCH THIS. It has literally ruined my life. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!<br /><br />Comment to the director: I hate you. You have ruined my life. After viewing this I feel empty inside. My wife and kids have left me and hate me because I couldn't speak or hardly move after seeing this. I lost my job my dignity and above all my pride. I will never forgive you in this life or the next(which is not looking good from my newfound beliefs) .
critique5410 Pointless humourless drivel.....meant to be a comedy; but not one laugh in the whole film. Gratuitous violence often with guns. What kind of warped mentality can either make or say this is a good film?! 1 out of 10.
critique5411 Story of the creation of Underdog and adventures battling Simon Bar Sinister in a live action format. First we have Showshine picked up off the street and brought to a science experiment lab where Simon Bar Sinister works. He fights back when Sinister tries to inject him with a chemical and accident occurs he gets superpowers and the lab blows up wounding Sinister. On the street Shoeshine runs afoul of Riff Raff another dog and gets picked up by Jim Belushi who was a guard at the lab. Belushi's son discovers that Shoeshine has all these powers and eventually Shoeshine becomes Underdog who will once again battle Sinister.<br /><br />Once you decided that under dog was going to be a real dog you've sort of limited yourself as to whether the film was going to work or not. For me the film half works and half doesn't. The part that doesn't is all of the stuff where you see Shoeshine the dog as a dog with his master. Some of the repartee is funny but it just drags on and on as we get introduced to Sweet Polly and her mistress and we go through all the typical lets see what you can do stuff. Its a deadly 20 or 25 minutes and effectively kills the film. Its painfully dull and feels like it takes forever to get through it which considering the film is say 75 minutes sans credits is something you don't want to do.<br /><br />The parts that are good are anything with Simon Bar Sinister (Peter Dinklage is a blast) and anything where Underdog goes into action. Some how somewhere they managed to find a way to be both twistedly true to the spirit of the cartoon and to update it. Of course I could be wrong since the middle section is so dull but I think not since I do look forward to catching the end of this again on cable.<br /><br />As a whole its probably as awful as some people have said but if you can wait for cable where you can stumble on the good parts this is an okay cartoon to film adaption. (But wait for cable-really)
critique5412 Well they sent it on TV between midnight and 2:00 am - it seems like the right time to watch it and then go to bed afterwards ...<br /><br />No it was not really living up to my expectations. I think the Dogma concept is good because the film then gets closer to what's really happening between the involved characters when you cut all the unnecessary effects and mood-making music out. But then again this concept requires some interesting action between the characters.<br /><br />I cannot say that I know King Lear (the Shakespeare version) very well if I had known the play I would probably have been able to predict much of the film.<br /><br />Well a crisis can bring the best and worst sides of a character on display - and we certainly see some bad sides. Oh yes the paint of civilisation and culture can be very thin and behind this paint you may find an animal.<br /><br />If you then compare it with "Italiensk for begyndere" (Italian for beginners) or "Mifunes sidste sang" (Mifune's last song) you see the same but opposite thing: A crisis can certainly bring people to view their life in a more constructive way. And if you dare do you may win.<br /><br />When the film had ended I thought to myself: "Oh that's why I haven't seen it before ..." The film has its own beauty. The quality of the work of the cameraman actors etc is good. But the script could need something more. A plot maybe wouldn't hurt.
critique5413 The final frames of the original "American Graffiti" provide one-line summaries of the fates of the film's four central male characters. While somewhat sexist in omitting the female characters the ending of the original film provided all the information about those people that even the most ardent fan of the movie would want. However someone felt that mega-bucks could be made by detailing the dreary lives of these characters after the original film ended. Bad move. Making an insurance salesman and his wife a nerdy private in Vietnam a drag race driver and a overgrown hippie into interesting characters in interesting situations was far beyond the talents of those who wrote this nearly unwatchable movie. While most of the original cast is back with only Richard Dreyfuss having the good sense to stay away "More American Graffiti" is a mess of silly situations that involve protests car races country singers and the Vietnam war. The use of split screens once thought innovative and daring is overused here to the point of distraction and adds confusion to the already confused goings one. This is a sequel that demonstrates nearly everything that can go wrong with a sequel. Perhaps it should be screened in film schools as a lesson. Even the use of period music which was a delight in the original is poorly done here. If you want more "American Graffiti" see the original twice.
critique5414 **Possible Spoilers**<br /><br />This straight-to-video mess combines a gun-toting heroine grade-Z effects nazis a mummy and endless lesbian footage and it's still boring; the video's 45 minute running time only SEEMS like Eternity.The only good part is one of the blooper outtakes wherein the bad guys force a 400-pound Egyptologist into a chair--and one villain's foot almost gets crushed under a chair leg. Take this snoozer back to the video store and watch televised golf bowling or tennis instead.
critique5415 speaking solely as a movie i didn't really liked it. not because there were no FX or because we had a single cabin as the scenario for the whole film actually that was what kept me watching it.<br /><br />i didn't like it because the acting was shady his "friends" are all happy and then they're mad but you have no idea why; then they take distinct roles one is the believer other is the antagonist but they never really make the point! also the lighting was terrible and i'm just mentioning technical issues.<br /><br />in a few words i thing the movie could have just had a "ok i'm outta here!" from some characters. like the lady who doesn't want to hear his version of the bible.<br /><br />about the story itself everyone is free to write about what they want and the story is proof of some good writing and imagination. i credit the book author for that hence my 4/10.<br /><br />so in the end hear the man's story believe it or not just don't spend the whole time acting like you believe him and being shocked at what he says and at the same time moving around and making jokes like you don't believe him.<br /><br />Coherence.<br /><br />thanks for reading ;)
critique5416 My friends and I walked out after 15 minutes and we weren't the first. Afterwards we tried to get our money back. Movie theater management wouldn't allow this but they did agree to let us see another film. The only time that worked for us was to see Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star. As you can tell this wasn't a memorable night. Probably one of my worst movie nights. Close second has to be when I saw a double header of Domestic Disturbance and Heist. In conclusion for the sake of humanity please don't see The Order.
critique5417 A pig-tailed Linnea Quigley drinks milk strips and kills her sister and her sister's boyfriend after they have sex. She goes to an asylum makes a best friend out of Amy (Karen Russell) and the two blackmail their way out of a mental institution by sleeping with their psychologists (one is played by "Carol Burnett Show" regular Lyle Waggoner). On the outside these two man-hating mafia princesses (!) stop taking their medication and invite six slimeball ex-boyfriends over to their large country home for a party where they're systematically slaughtered in very gory ways by a gloved leather-clad mystery killer.<br /><br />The hideous David Barton FX are so bloody but so unrealistic that they take on a sort-of surrealistic quality. Same goes for the movie. The dialogue is so strange and stilted the film so ineptly paced and edited and the acting so other-worldly you'll start to doubt your own sanity. This film actually attempts to have a plot and three-dimensional characters but it's all so poorly handled it's almost like what would happen if Ed Wood did a rewrite of an Ingmar Bergman script! And like any good Bergman film this has a mature moral to abide by--Any good party needs a proper guy/girl "ratio" so there will be enough chicks to "tickle your lizard." See it for yourself... or don't!<br /><br />Linnea (the only reason I was even interested in watching this to begin with) is very amusing in this one has a lot more dialogue than usual and has several eye-popping nude scenes. Unfortunately she also completely disappears from the final third of this film and the movie suffers because of it.<br /><br />Score: 3 out of 10
critique5418 I was rather disappointed. The first Tetsuo made me an INSTANT Tsukamoto fan from the first 5 mins of the film. It was fresh innovative and just.....different. I rather enjoy having a movie be in your face and push all those "make you squirm" buttons. Tetsuo did just that where for me few movies can.<br /><br />For those of us who enjoy getting a breath of fresh air those that appreciate those offbeat styles used that make indie films so worthwhile Testuo II will likely be a disspointment. If your looking for that visceral "HYPER-KINETIC" feel of the first movie skip this one as thats all been stripped away. Tetsuo II is for some odd reason just a typical Hollywood style action flick. I was rather confused. However it's still worthwhile in my opinion for any die-hard Tsukamoto fan.
critique5419 I found out about this film because Jewish Ben Chaplin from Game On was in it. Game On is a funny British sitcom and apparently he left because he wanted to break into Hollywood and star in this film. He failed thank God.<br /><br />The film is a very simple romantic comedy with Janeane Garofalo playing an ugly woman who uses her neighbour Uma Thurman to date Ben Chaplin because she thinks Ben Chaplin won't like her because she's ugly. The film is just bad for so many reasons. The plot is unbelievably predictable from the overtly slapstick bits to the serious mushy bits: ugh just that montage where all three of them are having fun and then the photograph bit. Those two scenes made me cringe! Janeane's character is sickeningly arrogant (and guessing from her role as stand-up "comedienne" and arch-feminist is in real life too). She claims that the film is "anti-feminist" when in fact it's just realistic. Men more often than not go for looks over personality. It's interesting to note her hypocrisy too. She'd been a feminist and "comedienne" for years before taking this role and then suddenly decides afterwards that the film was bad. I imagine she hated the idea and script of this film before it was released but she made sure she kept that quiet so she could get paid for this travesty of a film. I mean come on! She acted in it for Heaven's sake! What this film was really was anti-men if anything. It portrays men as stupid animals whose brains are in their groins with the men doing stupid things to attract the attention of Uma Thurman's character Noelle.<br /><br />There are other bad things about this film too like Ben Chaplin's character being the British man every American girl finds cute and Jamie Foxx being the token black best friend of Chaplin and of course Foxx had to try and mimic his accent a few times for good measure. Is that the best the script writers could come up with? Blimey they've never done that before except with every Hugh Grant and Dudley Moore film ever made. There's also a truly awful phone sex scene which is just grotesque and proves how cheap the film is. The other comments on here all say how Janeane Garofalo isn't ugly but is actually beautiful. Erm was I watching the same film as they were? She's certainly no looker and the only good thing about this film was that she was rightly cast as the ugly one. Although having said that I fail to see the appeal of Uma Thurman as well: she's lanky and gaunt looking.<br /><br />I guarantee three things about this film if you've never watched it:<br /><br />You will know what the ending will be;<br /><br />You will find the phone sex scene painfully embarrassing and;<br /><br />You will be bored after ten minutes.<br /><br />Watch at your own peril.
critique5420 There are many good things about the new BSG: There's the multiple Cylon roles for Model 8 and 6 for example which the two actresses played superbly. There's the old school feel of industrial design aboard Galactica ("My ship will not be networked over my dead body!") Also all the space battles the special effects (even though the seasoned sci-fi watcher will acknowledge the cartoonishness of it all) The darkness of the characters their essentially flawed nature.<br /><br />That makes it all the more bitter that the ending was so childish.<br /><br />Yes the first part the scenes in space the raid on the Cylons and all that was very good. But the mushy ending? I always watch films and shows these days with the timer hidden so I never know how much time is left until the end. So for me it was a special kind of torture to see the end happen over and over again. Every time I thought oh this is the final scene the final shot I got one more. Every frakking character got its complete ending! That wasn't really necessary.<br /><br />What really highlighted the schoolboy amateurishness of it all: The young Roslin scenes. Why is important for us to know that: {a} she lost her sisters and father in a horrible accident and {b} that she has a one night stand with a former pupil/student? What does that bring to the story? Where was the linkage? Now I'm all for a more European-ish style approach and a random acts of whateverness in films and shows and all that but this was just ridiculous. This didn't bring anything meaningful to the story.<br /><br />Also I've seen the "Last Frakkin special" and in it Ron revealed his own cluelessness about the plot: he couldn't come up with a good ending for the story so .... he just didn't! It's never as much about the characters as they made the last episode to be. The whole "this was thousands of years in the past" idea the mitochondrial Eve thing was also used in the Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy and believe you me there are a lot of BSG watchers who know that particular H2G2 storyline. And speaking of Hera now there's a storyline that WAS NOT worked out well AT ALL. Instead we get Roslin is doing her former pupil who's 20 years younger. Don't get me wrong I'm all for older women with younger men. The more power to them. But this ... just made no sense.<br /><br />All in all (the writing in) this series is as flawed as they intended its characters would be. That goes even moreso for the last episode. I hope Lost and 24 do better with their series finales.
critique5421 Surely no Saturday morning TV kids' show was ever done this poorly. After all those producers had to count on the audience coming back. Well in this awful offering they could at least count the money they saved on sets. The script could have been a reject from some long-forgotten space opera serial with a few smarmy lines added for cool-dude Gerald Mohr to murmur to Naura Hayden. No director could have done anything decent with such a loony storyline so the action just plods boringly along. The spaceship props are absurd--a Bulova wall clock and portable typewriter for example--but the planet sets have got to be some of the worst in cinematic history. Most are crude drawings and it's all bathed in an often misfocused red light. Even Mohr's bare hairy chest is used as a prop. And it's a bad one--as rib-thin as the plot. Any viewer who can make it to the end of this movie will hear a message from the Martians--and will probably agree completely!
critique5422 There have been many movies featuring Bigfoot the majority of which are not good but most at least have a goofy charm to them. Sasquatch Hunters doesn't even have that going for it. It's just a crashing bore.<br /><br />Sasquatch Hunters is about a group of paleontologists primatologists and forest rangers that venture off into a remote part of a Pacific Northwest forest. Bones belonging to some sort of abnormally large primate have been discovered in this region and since apes aren't natural to North America to begin with this leads to a scientific expedition. Sure enough they soon discover a whole burial ground full of the skeletal remains of these enormous ape-like creatures. I think we all know what happens to people that disturb ancient burial grounds in the movies.<br /><br />The first half of the movie consists of uninteresting interchangeable characters assembling their gear hiking through the woods stopping to rest hiking through the woods some more pausing long enough to investigate and discuss a few findings along the way yet more hiking through the woods looking for a group member that has vanished even more hiking through the woods digging through dirt random theorizing and gathering around a campfire to discuss what little they've done that day. When Sasquatch finally shows up it just turns into people stumbling around in the dark while being picked off one at a time (done in a blink and you missed it fashion and the actual killing occurs off-camera). All of this is excruciatingly boring.<br /><br />The movie wants to be taken seriously and the director is clearly trying to build suspense but there is none to be found thus we are left with dull drawn out scenes of people wandering around the woods just to get somewhere and wander around the woods at night trying to act scared. I'd be lying if I said I didn't make liberal use of the fast forward button to speed these scenes up.<br /><br />As for Sasquatch himself much like every other character else in the movie it doesn't have much to do and lacks a distinct personality. It looks like a shaggier version of King Kong which isn't all that bad except in the scenes where they used CGI instead of a man in a Bigfoot costume which is painfully obvious during the daylight monster scenes. A part of me can't help but feel that even using computer effects to bring Bigfoot to life is a tad sacrilegious. If there is any single movie monster that I believe should only be brought to life through situation it's Bigfoot.<br /><br />This is one of those movies that doesn't so much have a plot as it does a premise. That's all it really is a premise which the people involved stretched out to make a feature length motion picture without bothering to add all the ingredients to make a worthwhile movie.
critique5423 I felt this movie started out well. The acting was spot on and I felt for all the characters situation even though the true family unit was not completely revealed. We never got enough info on the father to truly feel his pain for his whole involvement or the build up for his animosity with Tobe. I mean in one scene you see him admiring her for tensity and in another scene he just about takes her head off. Another problem with the movie was it just unraveled and lost all focus by the end and I was begging for it to just be over with. Any movie with such a long drawn out  and painful ending should never get an automatic rating of 7 or above just for the acting. We are looking at the over all quality of the movie experience. In the case of this movie the end is so bad I seriously contemplated just walking out of the theater. This movie pulled me in then just spit me out.
critique5424 Harry Knowles has a quote right on the front cover of the DVD stating"The Next Icon of Horror" Really?!?!?!? I have heard a lot of hype surrounding this one but wasn't totally convinced. However I am a die hard horror fan and will give just about any horror movie a chance. No matter the budget or the rating cause ya never know where your gonna find the next gem. Not here.Not Hatchet. Hatchet is poorly conceivedpoorly acted and un funny. Just because you have the actors who played Freddy Jason and Candyman and a Buffy chic topless with tons of gore does not make you an expert on horror.Sorry. I don't even want to describe the plot because it is so idiotic. Honestly my money is on Rob Zombie. There is a man who knows old school horror. Forget this trash.
critique5425 This was probably intended as an "arty" crime thriller but it fails on both counts - there are few thrills and not enough substance. The plodding pacing makes it hard to sit through and the occasional action scenes are too sloppily edited and confusingly staged to offer much compensation. At least the level of acting is high. (**)
critique5426 James Cagney plays Richard Gargan (nicknamed "Patsy"!) a former gangster now overseeing the surly lads as the new superintendent of a state-run reform school. Tepid genre entry wherein Cagney's the whole show; he dominates the picture but only because there's not much else of interest going on. Jimmy gives just what's expected from his hard-boiled persona which can be satisfying if you're in for a quick fix. The direction (by Archie Mayo though Michael Curtiz was said to have helped) is straightforward without being particularly gripping although the narrative slips in the second-half grinding the film down to a messy conclusion (with even Cagney's Patsy getting lost in the shuffle). Remade in 1938 as "Crime School" and again in 1939 as "Hell's Kitchen". ** from ****
critique5427 I think my summary says it all. This MTV-ish answer to the classic Candid Camera TV show features a Gen X (or is that Gen Y) type putting in false choppers and wearing various hats and wigs and glasses and setting people up in fairly outlandish although often not very interesting situations. Example: Kennedy has a guy invite his parents to his "wedding." Kennedy is the bride done up in a full bridal gown and long wig. The "joke" is that the parents immediately understand their son is marrying a man who claims to no longer have his "bits and pieces." Problem is this schtick goes on way too long obviously to fill out time. And Kennedy is about as funny as a dead cod lying in the sun. Candid Camera would have run three or four scenarios in the time it took Kennedy to get through this one running around constantly asking "Do I look fat?" I recognize the show was not made for me. It was made for 12-year-old pinheads who think JACKASS is the height of comedy today. So let them laugh. Thank God the show was short-lived.
critique5428 The plot character development and gags in this movie are all extremely weak. Quite a waste of time. The conclusion of Saving Grace is supposed to make one feel warm and fuzzy as though the characters have grown through their struggles. There was no such development to make such warm fuzzy feelings possible. The drug gags are cliched and much of the movie doesn't ring true to life. The plot builds what is supposed to be tension but the characters aren't developed enough to care. Then it rushes through a resolution of all the outstanding problems in about a minute of screen time leaving the viewer feeling like they have just wasted their time.
critique5429 Unlike Terms of Endearment and Steel Magnolia's I left the movie theater feeling VERY disappointed. I started to get into the characters and their complex mother/daughter and father/daughter relationships at the beginning. I even cried. But I had no sympathy for the characters with the ending. The final act did not seem in line with the mother's character at all. So although the acting was pretty good I thought the movie on a whole was disappointing.
critique5430 Just recently I've been obsessing over and anticipating this movie so much that I almost had to see it. Well having just seen it today the 5.8 rating is completely understandable. I think that if you anticipate something so much that it becomes a dire need it turns out not to be worth it. <br /><br />Sure The Hills Have Eyes 2 has its moments. It has a very cool and well-developed storyline that ties in well with the actual product itself but the whole thing is so self-indulged that it becomes so hard to follow. And if it weren't for Wes Craven's production on this film it wouldn't be anything to do with The original remake. <br /><br />But the whole thing makes you go "Is this supposed to be horror or COMEDY?" because there are lots of ridiculous randomly placed jump moments and stupid one liners (I.E. "There's a hand in the sh**er!" or "You motherfu**er! I'll kill you all damn sons of b**tches!") and the acting (God don't even remind me how bad it was.<br /><br />STORYLINE: (this part contains spoilers beware!) The movie begins with a woman giving birth to a mutant baby (ooh la la!) and then the screen fades to black with the movie's title appearing and a monologue. Then we go to this office where there are randomly placed war veteran mannequins. We find that this is for this one scientist keeping track of people looking for mutants. The box to keep track of audio feeds is gone and everyone dies! After that tone-setting opening you'd expect more.<br /><br />Then we go to this one team of military recruits training in Baghdad. As the captain parades them "A good job at stupidity" their last day of training is in New Mexico the desert where the family in the last THHE had stayed because they were stuck. While in training things go ultimately wrong people die and... do I need to tell you any more? Because right now I have the attention span of a goldfish just forcing myself to sit here and type this.<br /><br />The thing that's wrong with THHE2 is that it just dosen't work. No flashbacks here and the ending is pretty safe... but with a twist! A stupid one that is. I'm pretty sure the Ultra Super Director's Cut with a holographic cover and a ticket to The Hills Have Eyes 3 will showcase all of it's alternate endings but at this point I'm not sure if I care. <br /><br />So by all means if you loved the first THHE so much it's almost a sin not to see this then by all means see it. But if else then Avoid at all costs. It's for your own good.<br /><br />3/10
critique5431 Absolutely nothing is redeeming about this total piece of trash and the only thing worse than seeing this film is seeing it in English class. This is literally one of the worst films I have ever seen. It totally ignores and contradicts any themes it may present so the story is just really really dull. Thank god the 80's are over and god save whatever man was actually born as "James Bond III".
critique5432 This movie is so bad it can only be compared to the all-time worst "comedy": Police Academy 7. No laughs throughout the movie. Do something worthwhile anything really. Just don't waste your time on this garbage.
critique5433 A bad movie ABOUT a bad movie. Is that original or what? If it is then that's the only good thing about it. The lovely Ally Sheedy couldn't stop this bomb from destroying movie theaters and VCR's everywhere. It should also be noted that she and the other actors hired by Danny Aiello's character were billed as themselves as well as the characters they played in his D-rated film. Calling it a B-rated film is too much of a compliment and would lead to delusions of grandeur.
critique5434 This movie really is that bad and I'm normally a sucker for bad movies but this was too much. Seeing this is like OD'ing on pure SUCK. Now you may think you've seen the bottom of the barrel. You may have waded through every title from Full Moon and Troma all the movies of Edward D. Wood Jr Uwe Boll Albert Pyun and direct to DVD-flicks from faded men-of-action. You may even have seen Death Tunnel Ghost Lake and a vast array of the movies that MST3K covered but in their original form. But you do not know truly awful film-making until you have seen Darkhunters. And if you haven't you shouldn't. Don't bother. Not only is this movie amazingly poorly written directed shot edited acted and splattered in crude cheap aftereffects. First of all it's a pretentious mess. But not good Greenaway or Lynch-style pretentious or hilariously messy in an Ittenbach or early Waters sort of fashion. It's the kind of pretentiousness that comes when someone incredibly stupid thinks they've come up with something incredibly smart. Sort of like M. Night Shaymalan (sp?) only that man seems like a freakin' messiah when compared to this trainwreck (and this coming from a rampant Shaymalan hater). It's also boring. Not heavy going-type boring which is okay if the movie awards your patience. Darkhunters does no such thing. It's boring in a "Oh my fu(king God if I see another shot of a cat set to an obnoxious audio cue I am going to fu(king kill myself!"-kind of way.<br /><br />Btw. anyone who claims to like this film is a boldfaced liar and anyone who claims this film is complex or deep knows what their mother is like in bed.
critique5435 I saw this movie at a drive-in in 1959. Until "Howard the Duck" I considered this the worst movie I had ever seen. This movie tried to combine all the genera in one; comedy horror teenage angst and the hot rod that must have sired "My Mother The Car." Maybe it deserves a second viewing to see if it is an accurate reflection of it's time.
critique5436 What a great word "re-imagining" is. Isn't that what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? A clever word indeed - it disguises the term that everyone has grown to hate "remake" that is and makes it almost sound as if the process of making one was creative and involved the imagination. Well damn was I misled. At least I was seduced more by the thought of countless gore and unbridled violence than by the idea of "re-imagining" though it played a role.<br /><br />Still why make a remake? Directors do it for only a few reasons really: to update a movie for a modern audience or because they personally love the original and want to make a tribute to it. An homage if you will. Nonetheless it all generally (I do admit exceptions) boils down to one thing: stealing someone's idea and reshaping it (or "re-imagining" it) so that those who would never see it or understand it would pay money to see it. It's like Coles'/Cliffs' notes; dump everything in a blender purify all that is more puzzling and curious and throw in a few artificial flavors. In other words a great marketing scheme.<br /><br />So what's wrong with this one? Well I'll start with what I liked. I liked the opening scenes. Thanks to CGI and a bigger budget we could actually get a grasp of the chaos of the zombie holocaust Romero tried to communicate in the original through minimalist means. We see the city in ruins thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look beautiful on screen. Then it all falls apart.<br /><br />This set-up leads nowhere. The movie does what almost every remake does. It adds more of everything except character atmosphere and story. It's noisier (in some sense) bloodier and more full of main characters who appear only to die in nonsensical subplots. The setting the mall which played a crucial role in the original film's story and theme is purely coincidental. The idea communicated in Romero's film the pure ecstatic joy of having "a mall all to yourself as a fortress" is gone here. Further this "re-imagining" has no moxie no spirit no balls. It assumes (probably quite rightly) that the audience has no attention span and doesn't bother to get us interested in the characters or the story. The film is rushed and misses the quieter interactions of the four characters of the original. You actually grew to care about those people in Romero's version because there was a certain realism to their existence despite the insanity outside the mall. Here you don't care when or who goes: what matters is how they go.<br /><br />What else is their to say? The film is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and it tries to make up for the rest with gore and loud special effects. As a story it's really too choppy to be followed and the conflicts between the characters are too underdeveloped to save it. The humor is also reduced to a few one-liners (and one really good character: Andy). After that what remains? An ending that is plainly ridiculous and far inferior to the subdued inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But despite it being a pretty bad film (though not quite as bad as some other remakes) it should be remembered for one thing: it kicked The Passion of Christ from it's number one spot in the box office. Well done zombies.
critique5437 A family moves into a old house in Japan. But there's a catch it's haunted (BOO!!!). Aw didn't mean to make you jump. It's only a review. Settle back down. Ahem now anyways it's haunted by an old samurai who killed his wife & her lover in slow motion. This naturally makes a 3 minutes scene stretch out to about 7 or 8. Horrid acting. Horrid story. But How bad can it be you ask? Well it was SO bad my brain started to melt & leak out through my nose in thoughtful drips. It was SO bad whenever Doug McClure came on-screen I prayed that i had flashbacks of Small Wonder (Yes i know Doug was in "Out of this world" & not "small Wonder" but it's pretty much the same damn show & i can hum the "small wonder" theme better) There are movies that are so bad they're good. this isn't one of those<br /><br />Where i saw it: Showtime Beyond<br /><br />My Grade: F-<br /><br />Eye Candy: Mako Hattori gets toplessSusan George gets 2 love scenes ( one nude one just topless)<br /><br />
critique5438 I can't recommend this film as a date movie. Gary Oldman's semi-autobiographical account of life lived on a South East London estate is a violent Beckettian account of one of Dante's circles of hell frankly. At the centre of it is Ray Winstone who has done this sort of character before but never as well. The film opens with him ordering drinks at a pub bar - that's all - and you are already gripped with a sense of the frustration self-loathing and barbarism that he exhibits in many different ways throughout the course of the movie. It's an acting masterclass.<br /><br />Of course the stymied and dispossessed need a foil in a drama such as this and Winstone is matched by Kathy Burke as his long-suffering wife who absorbs and ultimately rejects his unbearable behaviour. Charlie Creed-Miles does an able turn as the fuse-lighting druggie son Billy although he must have wondered sometimes exactly what he let himself in for. Gary Oldman directs close up on the actors maximising the claustrophobia of their council flat squalor. 4/10
critique5439 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5440 I know that the real story of Little Richard is a lot more thrilling than this maudlin and thoroughly average biopic. But then producer Little Richard was probably too reluctant to bring to light any sordid details of his life and just gave us a forgettable facsimile of his career highlights from the 50s and 60s.
critique5441 The 70s were without a doubt the golden age of "made-for-TV" horror. This is one of those that was probably churned out as an ABC movie of the week. It's the old story of a house and/or ghost possessing one of the new owners. The movie has promise but it's never realized. Everything is rushed too much. Tension and suspense need time to build and grow. And there's nothing new. We've seen it all before and one better.<br /><br />One final thought: I don't understand why Robert Wagner's character would fall for the long dead movie star when he's married to Kate Jackson for goodness sake!!!
critique5442 The acting is generally pretty weak. The dialog was also apparently dubbed in after the filming so it just doesn't come across well. What do you want for a TV movie?<br /><br />Annette O'toole was OK; there were a few strong lines from the parent of the queen.<br /><br />Otherwise these kids weren't quite up to it. Didn't impress my kids either.<br /><br />On the upside it is only an hour long. Considering that it got through plot and character development in a creditable fashion. The settings and cinematography are OK too.<br /><br />Some other viewers may like it for sentimental reasons.
critique5443 Don't even bother with this movie it's bad when judged on it's own merits but when compared to the 1972 original (which IS a classic) it's down right awful. And BTW somebody commented that the 1972 movie is bad when compared to the book. This is silly movies should never be judged against the books they are taken from. They are 2 completely different art forms (as if this needed to be pointed out but apparently it does). If you used this criteria for all movies then "2001" would suck and so would "Forest Gump" and "Silence of the Lambs".
critique5444 In 1914 Charlie Chaplin began making pictures. These were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally churned out in very rapid succession. The short comedies had very little structure and were completely ad libbed. As a result the films though popular in their day were just awful by today's standards. Many of them bear a strong similarity to home movies featuring obnoxious relatives mugging for the camera. Many others show the characters wander in front of the camera and do pretty much nothing. And regardless of the outcome Keystone sent them straight to theaters. My assumption is that all movies at this time must have been pretty bad as the Keystone films with Chaplin were very successful.<br /><br />The Charlie Chaplin we know and love today only began to evolve later in Chaplin's career with Keystone. By 1915 he signed a new lucrative contract with Essenay Studios and the films improved dramatically with Chaplin as director. However at times these films were still very rough and not especially memorable. No Chaplin as the cute Little Tramp was still evolving. In 1916 when he switched to Mutual Studios his films once again improved and he became the more recognizable nice guy--in many of the previous films he was just a jerk (either getting drunk a lot beating up women provoking fights with innocent people etc.). The final evolution of his Little Tramp to classic status occurred in the 1920s as a result of his full-length films.<br /><br />It's interesting that this film is called TWENTY MINUTES OF LOVE since the film only lasts about 10 minutes! Oh well. The plot what little there is involves the Little Tramp in the park. A couple wants to neck but inexplicably Charlie insists on practically sitting on the couple's lap and really annoying them. I can't understand why and the short consists of Charlie wandering about the park annoying these people and some others later in the film. Perhaps he was looking for a threesome I don't know. But the film lacks coherence and just isn't particularly funny--even when people start slapping each other and pushing each other in the lake. A typical poor effort before Chaplin began to give his character a plot and personality.
critique5445 I've seen all kinds of "Hamlet"s. <br /><br />Kenneth Branagh's was most ambitious Mel Gibson's was quick and to the point Laurence Olivier's was the best - hands down. But now we come to Maximilian Schell's take on the Bard.<br /><br />For one this is a dubbed version of a German TV production of William Shakespeare's venerable chestnut. But if there's a slower more plodding more lethargic and worse-staged version out there somewhere it must have been acted at grade school-level. <br /><br />Having seen it on MST3K helps with Mike and the robots taking jolly good jabs at the old boy puncturing the profundity of black and white TV Shakespeare and the wisdom (?) of Germans acting out an English play and making it look like an Ingmar Bergman reject.<br /><br />Of course the best parts are the MST riffs. Best lines? "I'm gonna unleash the Great Dane" "I don't think so 'breather'" "Meet the Beatles" "Hey Dad will you help me with my science project" and my personal favorite during a party - "Garrison Keillor's leaving Germany (YAAAY!!)".<br /><br />But then there's Schell playing Shakespeare's greatest character much like a department store mannequin would only not as expressive. No doubt he's a great actor but here he comes off about as well as Paul Newman in "The Silver Chalice". Ever see that one? You GOTTA watch these two on a double-bill!<br /><br />In the end this is one instance where it's true that you're much better off to just read the book. At least the book isn't dubbed by Ricardo Montalban.<br /><br />One star only for this "Hamlet"; ten stars naturally for the MST3K version.<br /><br />Good-night not-so-sweet prince.
critique5446 Admittedly I find Al Pacino to be a guilty pleasure. He was a fine actor until Scent of a Woman where he apparently overdosed on himself irreparably. I hoped this film of which I'd heard almost nothing growing up would be a nice little gem. An overlooked ahead-of-its-time intelligent and engaging city-political thriller. It's not.<br /><br />City Hall is a movie that clouds its plot with so many characters names and "realistic" citywide issues that for a while you think its a plot in scope so broad and implicating that once you find out the truth it will blow your mind. In truth however these subplots and digressions result ultimately in fairly tame and very familiar urban story trademarks such as Corruption of Power Two-Faced Politicians Mafia with Police ties etc. And theoretically this setup allows for some thrilling tension the fear that none of the characters are safe and anything could happen! But again it really doesn't.<br /><br />Unfortunately the only things that happen are quite predictable and we're left with several "confession" monologues that are meant as a whole to form modern a fable of sorts a lesson in the moral ambiguity of the "real world" of politics and society. But after 110 minutes of names and missing reports and a spider-web of lies and cover-ups the audience is usually treated to a somewhat satisfying reveal. I don't think we're left with that in City Hall and while it's a very full film I don't find it altogether rich.
critique5447 National Treasure is about as over-rated and over-hyped as they come. Nicholas Cage is in no way a believable action hero and this film is no "Indiana Jones". People who have compared this movie to the Indian Jones classic trilogy have seriously fallen off their rocker.<br /><br />I can't really figure out what kind of target audience this film was shooting for. Maybe the pre-teen audience will like it but I found it to be absolutely ludicrous. I also can't imagine adults or young adults to find this to be that great of a film. Simply put: it's just OK at best.<br /><br />National Treasure is unimagined and uninspired borrowing what it does have from "The Da Vinci Code". I would recommend waiting for that movie to be released in 2006 and passing on this nonsense.<br /><br />The whole idea of being able to so easily steal the Declaration of Independence and run around all over Washington DC and Philadelphia with it (while never damaging it once) while fighting the "bad guys" and experiencing what is supposed to be "non-stop action" is absurd. I particularly loved the scene with the Declaration folded in its tube laying in the middle of a busy road while cars whiz by it without damaging it. Oh brother! <br /><br />Reminded me of that episode of the "Brady Bunch" where they go to the amusement park and Mr. Brady loses his architectural plans. Except that episode of the Brady Bunch was much better than this whole film! <br /><br />The idea of such huge treasure that nobody believes exists being buried within a secret ruin of the US is outlandish. Literally there are thousand of undiscovered "priceless" items in this treasure trove. Yeah right!! Ridiculous!! <br /><br />Even worse the speed and accuracy of which Cage finds and figures out what are supposed to be "tough" clues to these ancient riddles are pre-posterous!!! Oh.. the humanity! <br /><br />The performances by Cage Voight and the other actors in "National Treasure" are as stiff wooden and flat as they come. However when you're working with such lousy dialogue it's hard to fault the actor's 100% for that.<br /><br />National Treasure is an OK film to see once. I can't recommend it beyond that and would definitely NOT purchase this over the top outlandish scavenger hunt of a mess.<br /><br />Rent it if you must see it first.......
critique5448 Ramsay Ã‚Â– the kings of comedy (or was it horror whatever) wake after years of hibernation. And yes I did get scared. No not because of the horror element (of course I am not that squeamish) but because rats were constantly dancing on my feet in the khatmal-chaap theatre (where else do such movies run).<br /><br />So check the plot. A man is repeatedly stabbed choked to death stuffed in plastic and dumped in a pool. But he still returns to take revenge. Now was the film a thriller or a horror? That itself is the suspense for you to discover. And the end turns out to be another mask mystery. Remember those trademark Ramsay undercover agents Ã‚Â– men wearing some stupid horror masks. Only here the mask is of a human. I suppose no more detailing is required to skip this flick.<br /><br />Amarr Upadhyay tends to get over-dramatic and theatrical forgetting the difference between cinema and TV soaps. A cheaply and skimpily dressed Aditi Gowitrikar in her typical pink lipstick looks like Ã‚Â….. (Uh! you know what).<br /><br />The background score is a straight lift from Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho. Not a single department of the film whether technical or creative is worth commenting. Novelty lacks both in story and execution.<br /><br />Dhund certainly fogs your senses.
critique5449 The strawberry blond has a great script But I just wish Errol Flynn was in it instead of James Cagney he's not the person for the part. I do think Olivia did a great job. This movie is also a day dream wrap around so it's hard to follow. I don't like the male character attitude; the way Cagney presented it was just off. I give it a 3 for poor acting by main male character. ( If you like tough ruff men that like to fight all the time and argue then this is your movie). The Strawberry blond would have been better if the main character had more of a positve attitude and change the script so he is happy he's with Oliva.<br /><br />THis movie points out Money does not bring happiness women right jokes. Plain and simple not the best movie but every one must decide for themselves.
critique5450 To say that Thunderbirds is a horrid forced in-your-face ugly looking nasty to listen to and painful to watch film wouldn't be saying enough. There are only two reasons I can think of why you'd watch this film: 1; you've seen Thunderbirds when you were young (like I did) and are curious as to what it is like but you will really only be watching to find out how badly they screwed things up. Or 2; you're seeing it with someone under ten years old.<br /><br />Thunderbirds manages to cock up everything it attempts. The list goes on and on but there are other more subtle humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. From the off Thunderbirds is wrong wrong wrong. The whole moral message and 'goal' is set up in an excruciating way: Jeff Tracy (A new low for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son Alan he's not yet proved himself to be a Thunderbird after Alan randomly and stupidly decided to go down into Tracy Island's bowels to fire up Thunderbird One. The whole film is then a series of events and miss-fires consisting of Alan trying to prove himself whilst his father and other brothers are trapped in space aboard Thunderbird five.<br /><br />The film relies on kid actors to carry the film: A 16 year old Alan Tracy (Corbet) a 16 year old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and a 14 year old Fermat (Fulton) who is Brains' son. To say that watching the 'adventures' they get up to is painful is an understatement. Frequently trying to act and utilise the script whilst combating the evil 'Hood' (Kingsley) in ridiculously unfunny and hammy ways acts as the entertainment for the duration of the film; it only differs when everyone's in a different location. Also the whole 'mind control' thing was very tiresome and basically dragged the film down as it was overused and offered a way for our heroes to see a weakness in The Hood Ã‚Â– forced and incidental.<br /><br />I know that most 'film's for kids' these days try to integrate some sort of material for adults but in Thunderbirds it's done in a way that fetishises Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's no coincidence she's a little older than the rest of the kids Ã‚Â– at 24 years old it's almost too good to be true. Her scenes are often highly charged and carry an erotic push. We see her in the bath bubbles up to her neck watching TV; in comes her butler and sneaks a peek as she seductively changes channels with her wet bare and bubble covered foot. Frequent shots of her massive bright pink high heeled shoes filling the screen during various scenes: This first happens when she is actually tied up with the second happening during a fist fight with another woman! Twinned with this her bright pink costumes that reveal just enough yet cover just enough are particularly outstanding as is the way she moves and talks with that posh dominant English accent; sounding like a commanding mistress (Well she is LADY Penelope after all Ã‚Â– and you'd better make sure call her that) The whole thing is laughable but the editing is so quick that the kids won't notice but it sure as hell is there.<br /><br />The actual plot of The Hood doing all that he does just to rob a few banks is very bizarre the characters that are his bodyguards: a geeky looking woman and hard bodied black man who gets agitated a lot. Are we supposed to be laughing at this? What about the fight scenes? Poorly choreographed stunts and what the hell was with the silly noises? It's utterly utterly laughable.<br /><br />The list goes on. The way Bill Paxton plays it all so seriously like he was told they were doing it one way but it was made another the way Ford motor company have their logo slapped all over the place. News bulletin: sponsored by Ford the camera even moves to endorse Ford several times when cars are in shot the way the CGI looks like something out of a computer game video clip Ã‚Â– it's infuriating. The fact we are told to believe that a 16 year old girl can swim in the freezing Thames against the current rescue a downed monorail (monorail over the Thames!?) get back to the hatch and thus; save the day all the time holding her breath. It is absolute bull and the makers know it Ã‚Â– I don't even know if a 10 year old would swallow it.<br /><br />In short: avoid avoid avoid. Thunderbirds is infuriating unfunny poorly scripted and even the Rolls Royce was taken out and replaced by a flying car Ã‚Â– everything that could go wrong did go wrong.
critique5451 I got to know ÃƒÂ†ON back in the early 90s via television and I loved it...<br /><br />What did you like about it ? The cranky drawing style ? The flawless artistic action involved ? The absurd and deadpan communication between the characters ? The whole layout of the surrounding future world ? No matter what you loved about it...<br /><br />The Aeon Flux film of late 2005 has nothing of that.<br /><br />Karyn Kusama the so called "director" of the film was hopelessly over-strained with transporting the original content to a new film. If you 're not familiar with the original series you won't understand anything during for the first 60minutes of the film.The story is inscrutable and the vapid characters do not develop during the film.<br /><br />Kusama's attempt to improve the storyline by implementing some rather weak explanatory conversations between the main characters is not only a lame attempt to cover up her flaws as a storyteller  it's simply unworthy of the original ÃƒÂ†ON concept.<br /><br />Charlize Theron might be an attractive woman but she can't impersonate the ÃƒÂ†ON character. Although she was attached to strings doing action scenes her lack of talent for physical motion simply ruins the action sequences in the film. The result is a tremendous amount of hectic picture cuts to cover up the sheer lameness of her physique.<br /><br />Forget about all the rest it's not worth talking about...<br /><br />I give 1point for Ms.Theron showing her boobs and 1point for the nice architectural photography in the film. That's it.
critique5452 Warped take on the Pinocchio theme and set during the Christmas season(..after the previous entry abandoned ties to Christmas) has booby-trapped toys sent to murder a child(..yet through this other victims are accidentally harmed in the process)perhaps by a toy maker's "son". Screaming Mad George was responsible for the killer toys(..including a larvae which enters a victim's mouth and out his eye another where soldier toys actually shoot real bullets at a babysitter after her boyfriend was practically strangled by a severed hand toy operating from a remote control). The little target is a mute child named Derek(William Thorne)whose stepdad was murdered by a red ball with extending arms that ensnare his face causing him to land on a fireplace poker. Mother Sarah(Jane Higginson)worries about her son's mental state figuring his reluctance towards opening presents or more importantly talking derives from watching her husband's horrific murder. Derek's real father Noah(Tracy Fraim)fears for his son't safety and informs reluctantly his ex-girlfriend Sarah that the local toymaker Joe Petto(Mickey Rooney)once was arrested for setting traps in toys to harm kids due to the loss of an unborn child when his wife was killed in a car crash..kind of a retaliation in saying that if he couldn't have a son then others shouldn't either. Still quite a heavy drinker(..often seen swigging Jack) Petto seems to have set aside his feelings towards kids but his creepy son Pino(Brian Bremer)hasn't and Derek he harbors angst towards. Why? You'll soon understand.<br /><br />Pretty disappointing special effects and rather goofy premise. Rooney's name adds an allure to the film gaining it a notoriety but his histrionics can only help so much. Attractive lead actress Higginson(Slaughterhouse)and Fraim as the man who re-enters her life aren't so bad but the lame plot that develops is hard to take seriously. I'm guessing that's the point but Rooney has no reason to be in such a film as this..he has no room to bring any personality to his toymaker other than rage and desperation quite volatile barely holding himself together as he explodes in anger towards Pino when not downing liquor. Bremer is appropriately weird and "robotic" as Pino longing to have Sarah as his mama. The practical effects used during the attacks on victims are rather unconvincing..Screaming Mad George's work with Savage Steve Holland was far more effective than what we see in this film. The sex everyone talks about isn't as gratuitous as many would have you believe(..I can't even recall any nudity). Probably the best of the numerous sequels greenlighted but that's not exactly an endorsement. I'm pretty sure written on paper this was an entertaining concept the idea of spoofing Pinocchio using horror elements but the result doesn't exactly blow you away.
critique5453 A holiday on a boat a married couple an angry waiter and a shipwreck is the reason to this films beginning.<br /><br />I like boobs. No question about that. But when the main character allies with whoever happens to have the most fish at the moment mostly by having sex with them and playing the role of the constant victim my anger just rises to a whole new level. Take two guys (a husband and another man) put a pure bombshell woman in the middle of them ad a deserted island subtract all her moral issues ad a whole bunch of moral issues to the men and mix it in a big bowl of arguments fish and a zippo lighter and you will come up with a piece of junk movie like this. <br /><br />The acting is I would say good. There are some bloopers but not many as far as i could see. The main female character makes me sick. This is due to her lack of moral values. The man with the most fish get's her attention. Even though one of them is her husband she sees no problem with being unfaithful with (Manuel) the other man because "I must do it to survive". How can you justify having sex with another man for fish when your husband is 30feet away? And he won't even benefit from it? The female character has absolutely no problems to justify anything that she does. If she doesen't get approval for her actions she's a victim.<br /><br />I recommend everyone to see this movie. This is the kind of movie that will make just about everything else you see this year a pleasant movie experience.
critique5454 This sports a nice deep cast but for a thriller you better deliver more than name actors and talk. The first third of this movie was nothing but talk and more talk. Most of that was a bunch of women bitching about everything to each other. <br /><br />The first five listed actors in here are women so that verifies that it's really a "chick flick" and little else. This probably plays on the Lifetime network.<br /><br />There was a quick murder scene and then more talk. By halfway through they had lost me. <br /><br />By the way Sally Field looked about 15 years old in here.
critique5455 The 60s (1999) D: Mark Piznarski. Josh Hamilton Julia Stiles Jerry O'Connell Jeremy Sisto Jordana Brewster Leonard Roberts Bill Smitrovich Annie Corley Charles S. Dutton. NBC mini-series (later released to video/DVD as full length feature film) about the treacherous 1960s as seen through the eyes of both a white family and a black family. The film's first half is driven by the excellent performance of Dutton as Reverend Willie Taylor and evenly spreads the storyline between the families. However Dutton's character is killed halfway through and the black family is completely forgotten in a dull incoherent and downright awful 2nd half. RATING: 4 out of 10. Not rated (later rated PG-13 for video/DVD release).
critique5456 This is on my TV right now... but only long enough for me to finish panning it in this comment. The previous comment let me know that this movie will not get any better no matter how much I hope and pray. I will concur this movie is a colossal waste of my time and would be of your time...it is not going to get any better! I can't believe this screenwriter is doing Atlas Shrugged! I hope he has improved a million-fold! I see some other credits on his resume that have had good reviews but I'm still not convinced. If you are familiar with his work please post something here because I really want to see Atlas Shrugged and would hate it if this guy turned it into the garbage that this movie turned out to be.
critique5457 Really it's nothing much. I only recommend watching it if; 1.) You're a big fan of any of the main stars. 2.) If you really want to check out the first time Lucille Ball was seen with red hair.<br /><br />4 out of 10 stars
critique5458 Although Embryo could have been a potentially thought provoking examination of bioethics it degenerates into a stereotypical Frankenstein parable putting across the by now monotonous lesson that there were some realms man was not meant to enter or study.<br /><br />Scientist Rock Hudson is experimenting with ways to prevent miscarried babies from dying. After success with a dog he immediately jumps to humans-violating medical ethics and any sense of plausibility-with the equally unrealistic assistance of a hospital administrator. His experiment works too well with some decidedly unpleasant side effects.<br /><br />Although Barbara Carrera is reasonably good in her role and some of the animal training is spectacular the film suffers from being too fantastical. Even though a message at the prologue assures viewers that this represents contemporary technology the scientific work depicted looks far fetched even for the twenty-first century let alone the mid- 1970s. Furthermore the scene where Carrera is able to find a cure for the side effects of bioengineering simply by typing a question into a computer is laughable.
critique5459 There are only two movies I would give a 1/10 to this stinker and "The Man who Fell to Earth." I remember seeing Protocol at a theater in the early 80s when I was in high school. The script is insulting to anyone (including a high school student's) intelligence. It completely lost me with the "hillarious" gag of someone getting shot in the butt. Goldie Hawn is supposed to be charming but comes across as vapid and moronic. Then there are offensive stereotypes about Arabs followed by Goldie winning over everyone by spouting populist dribble. The acting was terrible including Goldie Hawn's. I could not stand to see another movie she was in until IMO she redeemed herself in Everyone Says I Love You. This is the kind of movie you make if you want to put no effort into screenplay writing. The worst.
critique5460 I bought this DVD set sight unseen and wish I hadn't. The script needed some serious rewriting as it seems to be completely devoid of any feeling and pales in comparison to the book. The lighting is horrid very unpolished but if it was just that I could overlook it. The script doesn't focus enough on the characters...there is hardly an introduction to various characters making it a tad difficult to distinguish who is who(especially in the planes--no idea who dies when).<br /><br />I have long felt that the key to a good film is in getting the audience to care about the characters; if you don't have that you don't have anything. There was no focus on the characters at all--you never got to know them--who they were what they liked..what made them do the things that they do. The series is 5 hours long and split up into 6 parts...I bet you are wondering what they did with all this time if they didn't detail the characters---they put a lot of filler in it....I will say at least an entire hour is spent watching them land and take off in their planes LOL (I mean do we really need to see that over and over again???). I would have given this a much higher rating had they just improved our knowledge of the characters.
critique5461 I had a video of the thing. And I think it was my fourth attempt that I managed to watch the whole film without drifting off to sleep. It's slow-moving and the idea of a mid-Atlantic platform which may have been revolutionary at the time is now just a great big yawnaroony. Apart from Conrad Veidt the rest of the cast are pretty forgettable and it is only in the action towards the end that things get really interesting. When the water started to spill big-time it even on one occasion woke me up.<br /><br />But give the man his due. No one could hold a cigarette like Conrad Veidt. He doesn't wedge it between his index and middle fingers like the lesser mortals. He holds it in his fingers while showing us the old pearly-browns. There are a few scenes in this film where the smoke drifts up to heaven against a dark backgroundand looks very artistically done. But it does not say much about this film if all that impresses you is the tobacco smoke.
critique5462 I LOVE Sandra Bullock-She's one of my all-time favorite actresses-but this is a movie that she should have paid a long time ago to be trash-canned. I realize that it's almost 20 years old-but my dead grandmother can act better than these people did. Beware-it's not even worth the $ 5.50 WalMart rack...You know that when the acting stinks this bad that it's not even worth a couple of bucks-the sound quality is horrendous-there's no closed captioning to even hear the hideous dialog and it looks as if it were filmed on a $ 1.98 budget. I thought that I'd like to see Sandra in an early role to see how she evolved as an actress-but YIKES is too kind a word to use...
critique5463 Armored<br /><br />The best part about driving an armored vehicle is that if any bums approach you at a red light asking for money you can shoot them in the face.<br /><br />And while the armoured guards in this thriller aren't using their protective power to purge the drifter population they are using their position to fleece their employer.<br /><br />When newcomer Ty (Columbus Short) lands a job with an armored trunk company he feels like he has found his lot in life. Unfortunately however when he discovers that his co- workers (Matt Dillon Jean Reno and Laurence Fishburne) are plotting to take the $42 M shipment for themselves Ty must fortify himself Ã‚Â– and the funds Ã‚Â– inside the armored truck.<br /><br />A tedious caper with a plodding plot and phoned-in performances Armored is an utterly forgettable film.<br /><br />Besides if you really want to jack millions it's a lot simpler to just disguise yourself as an ATM. (Red Light)
critique5464 I've always thought that most huge box-office flops usually have something to recommend them but after the remake of Around the World in 80 Days and Thunderbirds I'm beginning to doubt it. For those not familiar it's based on a puppet show about a family of astronauts who use state of the art rockets spaceships and subs to rescue people from various disasters (falling bridges stricken planes burning buildings etc) each week. Well the puppets are gone (replaced by far more lifeless teenagers) and so is the premise - only one ineptly staged rescue and a plot shamelessly ripped off from Spy Kids without any signs of imagination wit or entertainment. Young Alan Tracey feels left out of all the rescuing we never see the other Traceys do because dad won't let him play with a real rocket until he passes his exams. Grounded on a beautiful tropical island (some punishment!) his chance to shine comes when the rest of the family - a bunch of identikit bleach-blondes who look like a gay neo-Nazi boy band without a single bit of characterisation between them - are stranded in space and he has to have the day by er running around the jungle making a phone call firing a hose at the inept comedy relief villains and dousing them in gunk for bad measure.<br /><br />The good points are few and far between. One of them is that the film is mostly in focus. The other is they all got to go to the Seychelles which looks nice.<br /><br />The bad points: where to start? Ben Kingsley's career lowpoint performance? The aforementioned inept comedy relief sidekicks who would disgrace the Children's Film Foundation at its worst? The almost complete lack of action or effects in a $70m sci-fi film? The terrible script the lifeless direction the odious moralising? But most of all is the fact that the film is so patronising in every possible way. Forget the life lessons and off the peg sentiment this is a movie aimed straight at the under-eights by people who know they're making a kid's movie and are constantly talking down to their intended audience throwing in fifth-rate jokes and routines that would insult most children who had only recently mastered the art of speech. This film could replace being sent to bed early without their dinner as parents' favourite punishment for kids.<br /><br />The biggest flop in British film history (it didn't even cover the cost of prints and marketing) it's just about watchable if only as an object lesson in how NOT to make a summer movie.
critique5465 I didn't think the French could make a bad movie but I was clearly very wrong. As has been said before this film essentially uses its title character as a point of departure; its portrayal of her life and person have little or nothing to do with the real Artemisia Gentileschi. <br /><br />The script is awful -- pretentious stilted and vapid -- and its rewriting of the facts is unusually offensive even in a genre that all too often makes its living by distorting rather than retelling history. Along with some fairly decent set design Valentina Cervi's physical charms are the primary asset of this movie and it's obvious from the beginning that the filmmakers were aware of this too; they waste no time in contriving various "erotic" sequences which have far more to do with titillation than with plot or character development. Unfortunately the appeal of seeing a pretty young girl in a state of feigned sexual arousal cannot and does not sustain this movie. The acting is unremarkable and the score is all too generic despite an interesting chord or two. The cinematography is OK and there are some pretty colors but there are also some pretty ridiculous sequences using distorted-lens effects more appropriate for a 1960s freakout movie than a costume drama. In any event the script leaves the camera dwelling all too often on Artemisia's body and all too seldom on her paintings.<br /><br />All told a near-complete failure. It's not intelligent or tasteful enough to be a serious film and it's too slow and pretentious to work as soft-core pornography. So the French can fail after all!
critique5466 As most of you I've watch a lot of great movies; In between those we often either voluntarily or mistakenly also find those movies that are so pointless that we think of reasons as to why anyone would make it. This is exactly what I can say for Dead man's bounty....<br /><br />The very least I can do is try to "warn" some of you. If you enjoy being entertained by a motion picture because of the story acting and intensity than you might want to chose something else. Now it's not all bad.....In fact if all you want is creative film editing and unique angles along with original music ambient than you might think it's OK. As someone that values movie plots acting and being entertained by a film the truth is I thought this movie was so terrible beyond words. I could easily find a spot for it on my list of worst movies seen in a while. <br /><br />As for having Val Kilmer in this the truth is he was casted probably as a favor to the director; As a fan of some of Kilmer's films I can't understand what his motive for this was. The movie seems part western part romance.........In the end I'm sure most of you can agree with me that it simply is a rude waste of our time. In case you haven't seen this movie my recommendation would be to avoid it completely.
critique5467 Just saw a pre-screening tonight. What can I say? It lived up to it's mediocre trailer run though that's saying nothing at all. It did absolutely nothing that any movie before it hasn't done and it played out in such a clichÃƒÂ© fashion that eventually I got to the point where I stopped laughing only because I was laughing with the audience and instead let the humorless movie play out.<br /><br />So let's see... we have the less-than-spectacular main character that is trying to get back with his ex-girlfriend but he's not good enough for her check. We have the three buddies that all have their own "personality" with one being the best friend who tries to get with the main girl character's best friend but is constantly rejected another friend being the super awkward one that can't live down seeing the positive in everything 24/7 and is thrown in for the one-liners (which in this case is just a bunch of movie references specifically from Disney) and the third guy whose name you won't ever remember but is there to complete the square and throw in consoling messages to whomever will care to listen... check. We have the girl's ex-boyfriend and her parents ****-block the relationship at any possible means when things are looking up not to mention the awkward family members from the main character's side... check. We have the downer period an hour into the movie where everyone is depressed check. We have the movie's "funny" moments come from incessant swearing people falling down or being hit scenes from the trailer and homosexual innuendos... check. And dare I call it a spoiler but we have an ending that unfolds exactly as one thought that it would unfold before even seeing the movie... check.<br /><br />Honestly this could have... no wait... should have been a PG-13 movie. All that needed to be dropped were any F-bombs. Honestly it would have gotten much more publicity from the crowd that enjoys this kind of humor would have gotten less media exposure and thusly would have not been disliked as much from people like myself who should try and hold it up higher to the recent R-rated comedies like Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor in this movie is just so awkward that it doesn't fit in with what general people look for. I bet even the actors were often times unsettled with some of the dialogue and action they had to deliver on camera. Let's put it this way... in the theater it will help you laugh because it's on the big screen and others are laughing. When this movie hits Showtime and you're checking it out at 2:00 PM on an off-day you may be inclined to change the channel. The only thing that will keep you watching is Alice Eve's hotness (who is not quite a 10 but still very good looking).<br /><br />Aside from the main resolution this film kicked a lot of subplots to the side of the curb and seemed to forget to write more story that they tried to develop in the beginning of the movie where everything else pretty much flies out the window. So there is a main resolution but what comes of it? It's never really clear-cut nor does it allow the ending to be "feel-good" with the abruptness.<br /><br />There was only one thing worth nothing in this movie and that was the good soundtrack. Aside from the nice choice of 90's alternative rock songs there was a nice upbeat score that would play in some parts of the movie (more so the beginning of it) that reminds me of something David Holmes would mix up/compose. I'll give them props for a great choice of sound.<br /><br />One last thing this movie was probably filmed sometime late last summer because the inadvertent yet proud Pepsi sponsorship showed the yellow bottle caps that they had during that Rock Band promotion. I just figured a lot of Rock Band gamers would catch onto that one if you saw it. But I say hold onto your money. If this was PG-13 and you were 15 years old on a Friday night with a group of friends I'd say knock yourselves out. Otherwise definitely pass. It doesn't try and compete with the R-rated movies of the past few years and ideally it definitely isn't as good.
critique5468 Should I have expected anything other than putrid from Carrot Top? This was on of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is by far the worst comedy I have ever seen. "Chairman of the Board" did not add humor to my attitude rather it enraged me. That's right Carrot Top is such a bad comedian that I became enraged that this man is making movies.
critique5469 Wow this film was just bloody horrid. SO bad in fact that even though I didn't pay to see it I still wanted my money back.<br /><br />The film is about nothing intelligible. It's a mish-mash of sci-fi cliche's that were done better by much more skilled film makers. The performances especially by the leads were over the top in a less endearing Ed Wood sort of way. Speaking of Ed Wood he'd be proud of the character's dialogue. It's just too taciturn with no hint of irony or sense of humor. On top of that it doesn't make sense nor does the plot or lackthereof.<br /><br />The visual effects are okay but not enough to go "oh wow that's cool" and they just seem to be thrown in to "be cool" rather than be a good plot device.<br /><br />The soundtrack was another mishmash of stuff that really never set any sort of mood. Again it seemed as if the director was just throwing in songs in the film in an effort to "be cool".<br /><br />Which brings me to my final point. Perhaps if the director actually worried more about plot story and dialogue instead of trying to "be cool" he wouldn't have made such a dorky cliche' of a short film.<br /><br />
critique5470 I have read the 28 most recent comments by various people regarding this movie and was surprised that no one mentioned the fact that the first victim shown on the bed with the "missing eyelids" as the camera pans up and away from her face blinks! Yes BLINKS! I recorded it as it came on HBO this past weekend and when I saw this I literally had to replay it several times focusing on one eye at a time to make sure that I was not seeing things! Of course after that it was hard to take the movie seriously although there were a few interesting and intense scenes with Julian Sands. Very disappointed and give it a 4 mostly due to the fact that the 1st victim blinks in one of the last frames as the camera pulls away from the body/face. Too bad.
critique5471 Saw this last night and being a fan of the first Demons I had hoped that the sequel would have the same fun spooky spirit of it's predecessor. This is unfortunately not the case. The set-up is similar as the first in which a horde of flesh-eating demons burst forth into reality by being released from a horror movie being played... (The first had been a movie theater this one takes place in an apartment building and on TV.) Once the demons are released madness and mass carnage ensues. That's pretty much it as far as plot development goes. It worked nicely in the first part because of the ghoulish make-up FX fast pace and unpredictability. The sequel however doesn't cut it. The first problem seems to be that there are way too many characters who we don't really care about one way or another. If they were annoying or idiots then there would at least be some kind of gratification when they are inevitably butchered/demonized/eaten alive...but these people are just kind of there waiting to be slaughtered. Plus the fact that most of the characters are in different parts of the apartment building (and out of it) they are constantly cutting back and forth between them which kept pulling me out of the story. There are some amusing bits courtesy of the splatter FX and campiness. Such as a constant flow of dripping blood eating through one floor's construction after another as if it were alien acid... The first demon possession of a crabby birthday girl leads to the destruction of her entire party and a creepy demon child clawing his way into the room of a tenant who is pregnant with child. However that sequence parlays into a ridiculous-looking rubber demon baby puppet thing that bursts from the chest of the human child that constantly flies across the room at its intended victim. I got a couple of chuckles out of that scene but I don't think that was Bava's intention. The scene probably would've worked better if they just kept the child demon around to attack the woman but hey... Other little things like the over-zealous acting of most of the characters and the bad dubbing don't help matters. In summation I managed to see the unrated version on DVD and can't imagine having to sit all the way through the previously only available R rated version because the make-up FX and gore were the only thing I got out of it. Also notable is an early role of producer Argento's future hottie daughter Asia. In fact she probably gives the best performance of the whole cast and she's barely on screen. Argento/Bava fan's might want to check it out just to see it but will probably find themselves looking at their watch like I did. Gore fans might get a kick out of some of the fx but will be laughing themselves out of their chairs at the most goofy-looking evil baby puppet since Little Selwyn from Dead/Alive. You could do worse but it certainly doesn't live up to the original.
critique5472 Synopsis: Kid is not accepted into any colleges. He creates a "college" where he and his friends can party by using their parent's tuition money. <br /><br />Wow. A Paean to ignorance. <br /><br />If you believe that we're all OK man then this movie is for you. Furthermore you must understand that:<br /><br />1. Kids have it all inside them--they just need to let it out.<br /><br />2. Teaching really stifles the innate creativity that everyone is born with. <br /><br />3. Someone else should pay for you to follow your passion. <br /><br />4. 300 teenagers can live together in harmony as long as you take away those restrictive rules. <br /><br />5. Extemporaneous speeches are often much more convincing than a prepared presentation. <br /><br />6. If the Board of Education allows you to open a "charter school" with "nontraditional teaching techniques" it's because they have your best interests at heart. (Not that they are willing to let go of low-functioning students who will end up working fast food anyways.) <br /><br />This movie is one in the college comedy genre i.e. Animal House. It follows the pattern pretty closely. What's new here though is a complete attack on higher education not a parody of the bad elements. It's missing the sympathetic insider a professor who embodies the worthwhile part of university life. <br /><br />This lack of balance will doom this film to the back rows of Blockbuster. It is so one sided that I wondered if it was an ironic self-referential take on the whole genre--for about one minute. The movie has no deep meaning no layers no introspection. It's as if they let some kids who never went to class do what comes naturally. And what is natural is what the name of the school is: S***. <br /><br />(Never thought I'd say this: Go see something with Will Farrell instead. His comedies can be surprisingly sophisticated.)
critique5473 More suspenseful more subtle much much more disturbing....
critique5474 If there has ever been a worse comedy than 'Gray Matters' I am unaware of it. The New York Jewish comedy's 'funny' premise is that siblings Sam & Gray are mistaken for a couple and so decide to fix Sam up with a girlfriend only to find that Gray is equally attracted to their target - Charlie. The revelation that Gray is secretly gay is apparently only a surprise to her. There is a deeply offensive wedding sequence a deeply embarrassing 'drunk act' from Moynahan and Graham and a performance that would embarrass forests everywhere for its woodenness from Tom Cavanagh. Sissy Spacek demonstrates a complete inability to do comedy and will want this excised from her resume. Molly Shannon plays the homely friend with lumpen insouciance. Only Alan Cumming emerges with any credit but is seriously under-employed and given nothing with which to work. The whole disaster is cemented by Graham's bizarre eye-rolling performance culminating with the penultimate scene where she wears a comedy hat and an overcoat despite the scene being set in a lesbian bar. It is astonishing that this film was ever released it has no redeeming feature and should be avoided at all costs.
critique5475 ... and I actually gave it a ZERO on my personal 1-10 scale. I have been attending movies since 1952 and have seen well over 1000 in the theater (I don't rate movies that I see only on TV). This is the ONLY movie I have ever rated ZERO.<br /><br />My wife and I took our four children (then aged 15 11 8 and 6) and even the kids thought it was terrible. In fact it was my daughter (now 26) who alerted me to this site (amazed that the movie was getting an overall rating of 4+).<br /><br />The animation of the dinosaurs looked amateurish at the time (and is even worse in retrospect) the acting (particularly by Sean Young) is atrocious and the story line is simply silly.<br /><br />
critique5476 We are not in the fairy tale of the naked emperor. We may confess the truth of what we see without being stupid confess that this show is in many aspects just incomprehensible and that it is clear that much of it was created out of pure intuition without real concept.<br /><br />Well obviously many people like such stuff. I don't. I prefer well thought and planed shows. And I also confess that the show is much to serious for my taste and boring...those love and drug stories...There are so many exciting soaps with lot of suspense (Dallas e.g.) but Twin Peaks can't catch my attention. I don't care about those people except Cooper and Gordon Cole.
critique5477 Not that "a film by Ulli Lommel" filled me with hope but I must confess that ZODIAC KILLER managed to sink beneath my lowest expectations. There is a recent trend among young filmmakers of utilizing digital video for their early projects which is all well and good for giving these kids the opportunity to create work without spending all their money on expensive film stock. But many of these young filmmakers have also wised up to the notion of filtering the finished movie so that it appears qualitatively more like celluloid. The effect is never perfect but it helps. Unfiltered digital video really only works for the "mockumentary" style because it never looks like anything other than video. Therein lies the primary trouble with ZODIAC KILLER. Watching the movie feels like watching a daytime soap opera about a murderer. It does not feel like watching a movie. And what's even more unforgivable is that the Lommel is NOT a young filmmaker. He ought to know better. He ought to know that it's virtually impossible to generate horror (or even suspense!) on video. For the love of god this guy has been directing since the sixties! He may be the only director who has failed to improve over a forty year career in the business. And lucky us he wrote the script too! So you can expect convoluted actions that mean nothing unjustified behavior and at least one truly pretentious plot element that will leave you utterly unsatisfied. Please please miss this film. You'll thank me later.
critique5478 I did have some expectations from this film because 1. It was a Yash raj production 2. When the songs were first shown on TV they seemed catchy 3. The star(??!) cast was new. Well I must tell u that I just couldn't sit through this movie. Uday (with his red lips-what were the make up artists thinking???!) tries hard to look cool but fails miserably. I won't even get started on his acting (if u can call it that). 'Cleavage queen' Tanisha with all her screaming and ranting n raving just makes you want to pull your hair out in frustration. I think Uday was slightly more tolerable than her! She seriously needs to take acting lessons from her sister. The story is pathetic...the same old tried and tested formula. Absolutely no originality. There is nothing worth watching in this movie. Makes me wonder why it was made in the first place!
critique5479 There's something wonderful about a "revenge" film. Everyone wakes up in the morning believing he/she is the star of "the movie" and that anyone who interferes with one's own personal agenda is in some way the enemy. Revenge plot films work particularly well if a person has low self-esteem. Rather than fighting back in the moment the "hero" draws upon built-up inner anxiety to engage in a single act of power in an attempt to restore equilibrium. Quite naturally in the "real world" this type of revenge seldom relieves the tension because life is not a movie; after the revenge is enacted the actions taken have their own consequences. A good revenge flick helps people ignore this bitter pill. In the movies the end credits roll and all responsibility resolved.<br /><br />"Swimming With Sharks" is advertised as a comedy no doubt an act on the part of the producers to figure out just how to sell this oddity. It's dark but it isn't dark comedy ("Company Of Men" and the works of Todd Solondz come much closer). Parts of the film are so brutal they pre-date the current "torture-porn" genre everyone is so obsessed with ("Saw" "Hostel"). There are some laughs. There are laughs in "Saving Private Ryan" too but it isn't labeled comedy.<br /><br />The intrinsic problem with this film is that it hasn't earned its revenge case. It is ostensibly about a young man who is abused by his boss and eventually takes his boss hostage to "pay him back" for all the mistreatment. The hero (aptly named "Guy") is an "everyman" so vague we know literally nothing about him...what does he do with his spare time? Does he have friends/family? How did he get where he is? What are his interests (this becomes a running motif through the film no doubt inspired by the film's author's own struggle..."What do you want?" the answer to which we are denied by a vague cheat of an ending)? It's very difficult to care for such a character even if acted well (even Tom Hanks becomes a creep in the wrong roll such as "Punchline"). Kevin Spacey as the boss "Buddy" is supposed to be a monster but he's too charismatic as an actor. The best laughs came when he abused his assistant--he seemed almost as surprised as the audience probably is at what Guy will endure. When Kevin's character is being tortured the view taken suddenly becomes empathy for him. Guy is suddenly filmed as a leering monster without rationality. At this point any message the author had has been lost; there's no "hero" in this film ergo no reason to care at all.<br /><br />It's not a stretch to assume this story is based on the author's own troubled career in the film business. I worked for a similar boss and can vouch that it's not that far-fetched. I had similar wish-fulfillment fantasies at that time and thought that I was justified. I thought you could win over the most beautiful woman in the story (actually the ONLY woman--there seem to be all of about four people in the universe of this film) just by being your eager naive self that eagerness won accolades and that a boss abused you because he was a mean person. Time and tide have revealed the truth that most "monsters" are really just the demons of an individual's personal psyche and resentment is usually based in the self. As the film points out if Guy was so unhappy he only had to leave. The film doesn't offer any denouement at all "surprise" ending notwithstanding. We still know nothing about the protagonists we can't even be sure anything they said was based in fact and everyone magically gets to have his cake and eat it too. In short there was no point to this story at all other than to point out that (shock!) the film business can be pretty brutal.<br /><br />There are plenty of good films that tell solid and satisfying revenge-style fantasies both the feel-good variety ("9-to5" "Working Girl" "The Devil Wears Prada") and not so much ("War Of The Roses" the remake of "The Hills Have Eyes"). This isn't one of them--despite a fun turn by Benicio Del Toro in the Emily Blunt role from "Prada" and some interesting work by Spacey and Michelle Forbes this is a frustrating mean confused and slightly dull creation of self- indulgence from a director who has one hopes "worked it all out" by now...
critique5480 Now I remember what the 'indie' filmmakers were ripping off before Pulp Fiction. It was David Lynch right?<br /><br />I hunted this thing down to see Kyle Secor. What a waste of a perfectly good Bayliss. It was so painful to watch him sort of like when someone you love is horribly sick and there's nothing you can do.<br /><br />Nearly every cliche in the book: the desert the psycho the quirky mob boss the biker Tracy Walker (who fortunately was only in one scene but I kept expecting him to reappear and say something strange and profound like "If a man wants to know where he's going he's got to look at where he's been" or some contrived garbage like that). I have a theory as to why so many indies are short on location in the desert. I think it's because they can save money on lighting.<br /><br />If you like to be in pain find this movie and give it a viewing. If you're a fan of Kyle Secor watch reruns of Homicide on Court TV. If you want a good quirky road thriller check out Wild At Heart.<br /><br />There is a reason that no one has heard of Delusion! My god what a waste of a good title.
critique5481 I've seen about 820 movies released between 1931-39 and THE INFORMER is the worst major release I've seen from that time span. Awful despicable unpleasant unhappy unredeemable saga of a complete Loser. Watch a 1934 B Western instead.
critique5482 The summary pretty much sums it all up. This is nowhere near as good as the original. With a script co-written by both Stallone and James Cameron (at the same time he was also writing Aliens). Most of the action was written by Cameron and the political aspects were written by Stallone.<br /><br />Sly was in the best condition physically as he was making this and Rocky 4 and he does look in great shape or jacked up to the eyeballs on steroids depending on your own viewpoint or opinion.<br /><br />Rambo starts off in prison and is visited by Colonel Trautman who asks him to go on a special mission that could earn him a Presidential pardon. He eventually agrees and goes off to the briefing camp run by Charles Napier playing a Washington suit trying to pass himself off as former ex-forces to placate Rambo.<br /><br />The mission is to find out if there are any missing POWs still alive in camps in Vietnam. Rambo was chosen as the camp he was checking was somewhere he had previously been a prisoner himself. He is told it's not a rescue mission and he is there to take recon photos only.<br /><br />After a bad attempt at parachuting from a plane he loses most of his kit meets his contact (who turns out to be a cute woman) and travels down river with pirates to the camp.<br /><br />He finds there are still prisoners and rescues one. As the 3 flee from half the Vietnamese Army on their river boat they are betrayed by the pirates but Rambo kills them all and they are forced to carry on to the pick-up point on foot after their boat is rammed and blown up with Rambo almost on board.<br /><br />Rambo is betrayed again and abandoned as Napier orders the recall of the rescue helicopter. It is clear as Trautman returns to base to berate him that no survivors were expected to be found.<br /><br />Steven Berkoff turns up as a Russian Spetznatz Colonel and Rambo is tortured and eventually escapes only to be pursued by more Vietnamese troops and Spetznatz. Killing many of them Rambo finally steals a chopper and rescues most of the prisoners to return to his base.<br /><br />He resists the urge to kill Napier for abandoning him but destroys the Ops Centre.<br /><br />A weak plot and very weak ending as Rambo walks off into the sunset as a free man.
critique5483 <br /><br />Once I ignored some of the implausibilities this was actually a fairly decent horror/monster flick. So I'll give some of the good points first: - the dragon was quite convincing especially as she prowled through the tunnels looking for lunch (hint: she likes humans). - the action was fairly non stop and after a weak beginning I got quite absorbed in the storyline. - sorry to say I was kind of rooting for the dragon - she was probably the most convincing and consistent character in the movie.<br /><br />Now for the implausible stuff **maybe some spoilers**: - if you were hunting a fire-breathing dragon in 1100 AD would you charge into its cave with a barrel of gunpowder under your arm? Duh. - a female character with an all-American name blonde hair and obvious Slavic accent trying to pretend she's Spanish? Huh? - a lead scientist whose Slavic accent you can cut with a knife and he's supposedly born in Chicago educated in USA? - a military helicopter pilot who does his own repairs flies a huge transport copter with no other crew and is an expert marksman and combat soldier to boot? OK. Uh huh. I won't even mention his giving 3 different call signs in 2 minutes while communicating with his base.<br /><br />It's still better than some of the Japanese monster flicks from the 60's but not by much. If we're lucky we won't see Dragon Fighter 2 though naturally the ending left that possibility wide open. Or maybe they'll hire a real director next time.<br /><br />In spite of everything I gave this flick a 4 out of 10. Add 2 more if they rewrite the plot and Dean Cain gets eaten in the first ten minutes. <grin>
critique5484 I am very open to foreign films and like to think that I grasp what they are trying to accomplish although some things are lost in translation. But the simplicity and "intelligence" of this film were boring. I've often thought how interesting it would be to make a movie that just shows a typical day or time period that really had no point. Now that I've seen a movie like that I will no longer be thinking along those lines. There's tones about society racism and some desire...but South Park has that. And when I watch South Park it actually moves me to feel an emotion. The closest thing I felt to an emotion during this movie was the yawn I experienced after the first five minutes. I rate the typical movie a seven or above because I love most every film. I gave this film a one.
critique5485 This movie was a poor movie. The plot was poor and the comedy they "tried" to deliver came out poorly. The accidents seem contrived and predictable. I thought the actors tried to some extent but with this movie it was so lame it can only go so far.One of the worst films I have seen and don't recommend it to anyone. The only accident to Mr. Accident was it's release.
critique5486 What reviewers and MST3K left out is the best part (and only memorable scene) of this otherwise dreadful movie: There is a very good rape-in-the-shower scene committed by the bad guy (Ben Gazzara look-alike) on Maria (as mentioned killed later through T.J.'s ineptitude). Perhaps rape is too strong a word "prison mating ritual" may be more appropriate. The background behind this chance yet forced meeting is the mobster who is hiding "Ben Gazzara" introduces him to the girls hanging out at his pool. The 30-ish blonde disses him but our villain must be quite smitten by her because the courtship is on at that point. His first move is to attempt drowning her until his mafia don benefactor tells him to knock it off. Kind of like the girl in high school you didn't like but still wanted to have carnal knowledge of anyway... Let's just say he catches UP with her in the cabana later.
critique5487 Curse of Michael Myers is a very frustrating piece to deal with for a fan of the Halloween series. After a very disappointing letdown in Halloween 5 the series reached a near ebb in plot lines with a silly devolution into witchcraft and a teenage cult dedicated to the worship of Michael Myers. "Curse of Michael Myers" ups the ante in blood and gore but really represents a decay in the series' integrity. It's too bad to as this is the last movie for Donald Pleasance as the character of Dr. Loomis. Pleasance has some good screen moments (precious ones if your a fan of the series) as the now very aged and as he says "very retired doctor". Sadly he died before the movie was completed and it is very apparent at the conclusion of the film that the stories original climatic scene was never realized. Right from the beginning credits Halloween 6 has more of the feel of a made-for-TV movie then that of the block-buster horror flick that it started out as in 1978. Any loyal Halloween alumni should have demanded more from this film... Dr. Loomis and Donald Pleasance deserved more.
critique5488 I rented I AM CURIOUS-YELLOW from my video store because of all the controversy that surrounded it when it was first released in 1967. I also heard that at first it was seized by U.S. customs if it ever tried to enter this country therefore being a fan of films considered "controversial" I really had to see this for myself.<br /><br />The plot is centered around a young Swedish drama student named Lena who wants to learn everything she can about life. In particular she wants to focus her attentions to making some sort of documentary on what the average Swede thought about certain political issues such as the Vietnam War and race issues in the United States. In between asking politicians and ordinary denizens of Stockholm about their opinions on politics she has sex with her drama teacher classmates and married men.<br /><br />What kills me about I AM CURIOUS-YELLOW is that 40 years ago this was considered pornographic. Really the sex and nudity scenes are few and far between even then it's not shot like some cheaply made porno. While my countrymen mind find it shocking in reality sex and nudity are a major staple in Swedish cinema. Even Ingmar Bergman arguably their answer to good old boy John Ford had sex scenes in his films.<br /><br />I do commend the filmmakers for the fact that any sex shown in the film is shown for artistic purposes rather than just to shock people and make money to be shown in pornographic theaters in America. I AM CURIOUS-YELLOW is a good film for anyone wanting to study the meat and potatoes (no pun intended) of Swedish cinema. But really this film doesn't have much of a plot.
critique5489 I just saw Princess Raccoon at the Asian Film Festival in New York. The gentleman who introduced the film congratulated the audience on their fine taste. "You could be at Herbie: Fully Loaded" he said with a smug smile "but instead you're here to watch Seijun Suzuki's Princess Raccoon." The audience applauded and cheered. Well let me tell you I would have rather watched Herbie: Fully Loaded twice in a row. Princess Raccoon an allegedly whimsical musical based on Japanese folklore easily qualifies for one of the ten worst films that I have ever seen. It is so wretched that its wretchedness actually makes me dislike other Seijun Suzuki films which is quite a feat.<br /><br />There is such a vast expanse of things wrong with Princess Raccoon that I hardly know where to start. Perhaps its worst faults are being both aggressively unintelligible and mind bogglingly monotonous. If the reels got mixed up or if half of them got lost in shipping the audience would not know the difference. If you don't believe me I dare you to steal a print and have someone run the reels in random order. If you can tell me which one goes where I will give you every penny I have.<br /><br />The first third of the film features a mishmash of scenes songs (including a cringe inducing rap number) and images that don't seem to be related in any way at all. Horribly integrated computer animation is thrown into the bargain adding yet another brick to the immense and rapidly growing wall of incomprehensibility. It wouldn't surprise me to learn that the writer wrote down any Japanese folklore that came to mind of on a bunch of note cards stacked them up shuffled them dealt the cards out on a table and then wrote the script according to their order.<br /><br />About thirty-five minutes into the film some semblance of a plot arrives on the scene. Something about a shape-shifting raccoon princess (in human form) and a regular human falling in love. I hoped that this was be a portent of the film being something other than a series of perplexing scenes but no such luck. The film continues in the same absolutely baffling manner. I wish I had gotten out then but I was trapped in the middle of a narrow row. In retrospect it would have been worth the awkward scene.<br /><br />I'm exhausted just thinking about the last couple of reels. I spent every moment hoping and praying that it would be over. Every big dolly move swell in music or scene that looked remotely like it was concluding things renewed my hopes that the credits were about to roll. For agonizing minute after agonizing minute it went on. And on and on and on. Finally after dozens of false alarms it cut to what I was sure must be an abstract pattern over which credits were about to appear. Then in defiance of all reason it cut to another scene. How could I forget? The completely unrelated subplot concerning a ninja being captured urinated on and boiled in a soup hadn't been wrapped up yet.<br /><br />I'm never going to get those 111 minutes back but you can spare yourself the pain. Unless you want to taint your memory or future enjoyment of great Seijun Suzuki films like Youth of the Beast and Tokyo Drifter do not see Princess Raccoon. I would have rather spent my time vomiting.
critique5490 If you like soap-series you might like this film. I recommend this film to fans of Dutch soap-series like GTST Westenwind or even American stuff like The Bold & The Beautiful. If you don't like that stuff: stay away from this movie. It has the same kind of visual style the same quality of acting direction and writing.The film was a big hit at home territory but wasn't sold anywhere else outside Holland and Belgium. Pretty strange for a commercial film like this.<br /><br />Maybe it says something....
critique5491 80's sleazy (glam)rock is like 90's house music or current boybands: it's boring and has no ideas or ideals. The only thing that makes it a bit 'cult' nowadays is that it's a long time ago so we can laugh at its sillyness. Too bad 'Rock Star' has no laughs at all as it must be one of the most boring movies of recent years.<br /><br />Chris (Mark Wahlberg) is singer of a Steel Dragon tribute band. When he's kicked of the band at the same time the real Steel Dragon singer is kicked of as well he becomes the next lead singer. You already know how this is gonna end up at that time with Chris losing it with sex drugs and r&r and forgetting about his long-time girlfriend/manager Emily (Jennifer Aniston).<br /><br />There's way too much (boring) music in this standard formula-packed excuse for a movie and should be avoided for it at all cost. Watch the (over-rated but still more fun) Almost Famous instead or even better a movie about real people playing real music having real emotions That Thing You Do.<br /><br />What a stinker. 2/10.
critique5492 Out of the handful of alternative titles in English "The Sexorcist" is definitely the most appropriate one since this is basically just a shameless rip off of William Friedkin's classic horror film in which they replaced 13-year-old Linda Blair with the 19-year-old Stella Carnacina only so that she could gratuitously show her ravishing naked body. I'm not sure what exactly Satan tries to accomplish here but he exclusively seems to possess the young girl to play sexual tricks on her! Poor Danila masturbates around the clock and tries to seduce priests and even her own father into having sex with her. The young girl is introduced as a smart and ambitious theology-student with an odd-looking boyfriend (driving a stupid yellow car) and loving albeit adulterous parents. When she takes a peculiar crucifix home to renovate the ancient relic comes to life and no less than Satan himself (played by Ivan Rassimov of "Jungle Holocaust" and "Planet of the Vampires") starts to torment her. The overlong masturbation sessions and some bizarre nightmare sequences cover about three quarters of the movie and then finally director Mario Garriazzo begins with the actual exorcism. That final segment is even more embarrassing and amateurish! The priests don't really do anything apart from saying some vague prayers but somehow Danila seems cured all of a sudden. There isn't much gore the dialogues are horrible and the producers seem to compensate every little flaw by adding more sleaze! This is one of the strangest Italian exploitation efforts of the seventies (why the hell are they referring to "The Rocky Horror Picture Show"?) but definitely not one of the best. If you fancy clones of "The Exorcist" I recommend "Demon Witch Child" "Beyond the Door" and "The Antichrist".
critique5493 This mess is so bad it doesn't even qualify as horror. <br /><br />Debbie Rochon's talent is completely wasted in this film. She is not even the villain. The rest of the actors look like porno wannabes and the plot is so lame I won't even mention it.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and skip to the end credits to hear upcoming band TwoMarlowe perform "Better Than Sex" it's total 80's Disco candy song. Nice up tempo song about Gambleing & Sex. Way more entertaining than "Bleed". Put it this way When one has the equipment to copy videos but decides only to record the song at the end of movie you have a really "BAD" movie.
critique5494 I am a Christian... and I feel this movie is awful.<br /><br />Nobody but hard-core Bible-belt Christians are going to like this movie. The message is just too in your face. If you want to touch a wider audience you have to be way more subtle. You can't have the dad waving the bible around and carrying it with him in EVERY scene. RIDICULOUS! <br /><br />Poor direction. The reveal of people missing should have been terrifying but it was laughable. They leave their clothes on the ground? It reminded me of old Ed Wood movies: "Oh my God! People are missing!" That scene in the plane is just stupid. Think about it: if you found your relative's clothes next to you you wouldn't just scream "oh my god. they disappeared! they're missing!" and start crying and yelling. You would first be in denial... you just wouldn't jump to that conclusion. Watch Jodie Foster in FLIGHTPLAN. My favorite shot is the dog sitting out on the lawn with a pile of clothes and boots sitting next to him. I about fell off the couch I was laughing so hard.<br /><br />The music was so bad and so distracting. It was as if the composer was in his own world scoring his own movies. "here's my chance to do a thriller" "here's my chance to do action!" STOP TELLING ME HOW TO FEEL JAMES COVELL! A good score supports what's happening on the screen... this movie needed more of an UNDER score but instead it was as much in your face as the message was.<br /><br />The writing was bland. So was Captain Christian Kirk Cameron. Chelsea was the worse: "you don't understand! People are missing!". Brad Johnson was laughable. The two stand out performances came from the Anti-Christ and the older guy (sorry can't remember their names) In watching the "making of" (to answer my question of "what were they thinking???") the producers and filmmakers and actors are just deluding themselves... saying "we're gonna reach wide audiences" and "brad Johnson is amazing" and "this is just like a Hollywood movie". I came to the conclusion that they just don't know what the "heck" they are doing.<br /><br />I commend the effort. Getting the message to a wide audience is a fantastic idea. Film is the best medium possible to do that. Look at movies like WIDE AWAKE SIGNS CONTACT PASSION OF Christ even O'BROTHER WHERE ART THOU? The bottom line is that the film needed to be made by people who have talent and vision. Unfortunately it was not.
critique5495 I once lived in the u.p and let me tell you what. I didn't have the foggyest idea what the heck this "bear walk " is. I never heard of it the whole 10 years I was up there. It was really funny in the beginning but went down hill quickly.
critique5496 Joe Don Baker. He was great in "Walking Tall" and had a good bit-part in "Goldeneye" but here in "Final Justice" all hope is gone...the dark side has won. <br /><br />As with most of humanity my main experience with this one was on MST3K and what an experience it was! Mike and the robots dig their claws deep into Baker's ample flesh and skewer this flick completely. It's obvious they were just beginning with "Mitchell" on their anti-Joe Don kick and here lies their continuation on a theme.<br /><br />It makes for a funny experience though: there are plenty of choice riffs. My favorites - "John Rhys-Davies for sale" "It's 'Meatloaf: Texas Ranger'" "none of them are sponge-worthy" "Why was she wearing her prom dress to bed" and my favorite - "'Son of a...'? What? What was he the son of: son of a PREACHER MAN?"<br /><br />By itself "Final Justice" is as Joe Don puts it in the movie "a big fat nada". But here it actually has some entertainment value. You get a chance catch THIS version of "Final Justice".<br /><br />Two stars for "Final Justice". Ten for the MST3K version ONLY.<br /><br />Oh and try not to visit Malta when Joe Don's in town.
critique5497 Wow I was really disappointed. I wasn't really planning on seeing this movie in the theater and I wish I stuck to that plan. It really should be a made-for-tv movie. I was kind of excited to see it as I'm a big fan of Fairuza Balk but this movie didn't do her justice. Infact I'm a little disappointed with the acting all around. What a horrible cover up of Fairuza Balk's tattoos it bothered me every time I saw her shoulder. <br /><br />There was no flow to the movie it was very hard to get into it. One scene we get angry hyped up we want blood the anticipation rises just then the director takes us to another scene to show the love between Annie and Bobby. It would have been more enjoyable to follow if it was broken up into three sectional sunday paper comic strip.<br /><br />There was also little logic behind the characters chosen to play some parts. The gangster leaders were scrawny guys not very believable. Matt Dillon head of a mobster organization? Come on give me a break. There was just no intimidation there. <br /><br />The soundtrack.. wow. I think this is one of the worst musical scores I've ever heard. What awful guitar solos my god. The sound of my teeth grinding was more pleasing to my friends I'm sure. <br /><br />Anyhow there is one positive comment I'd like to make about the movie. The settings were nicely done. I liked the colours a good job conveying that time period.
critique5498 Who are these "They"- the actors? the filmmakers? Certainly couldn't be the audience- this is among the most air-puffed productions in existence. It's the kind of movie that looks like it was a lot of fun to shootÃ‚Â— TOO much fun nobody is getting any actual work done and that almost always makes for a movie that's no fun to watch.<br /><br />Ritter dons glasses so as to hammer home his character's status as a sort of doppleganger of the bespectacled Bogdanovich; the scenes with the breezy Ms. Stratten are sweet but have an embarrassing look-guys-I'm-dating-the-prom-queen feel to them. Ben Gazzara sports his usual cat's-got-canary grin in a futile attempt to elevate the meager plot which requires him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic at an insomnia clinic. In the meantime the budding couple's respective children (nepotism alert: Bogdanovich's daughters) spew cute and pick up some fairly disturbing pointers on 'love' while observing their parents. (Ms. Hepburn drawing on her dignity manages to rise above the proceedings- but she has the monumental challenge of playing herself ostensibly.) Everybody looks great but so what? It's a movie and we can expect that much if that's what you're looking for you'd be better off picking up a copy of Vogue.<br /><br />Oh- and it has to be mentioned that Colleen Camp thoroughly annoys even apart from her singing which while competent is wholly unconvincing... the country and western numbers are woefully mismatched with the standards on the soundtrack. Surely this is NOT what Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the movie's title is derived) had in mind; his stage musicals of the 20's may have been slight but at least they were long on charm. "They All Laughed" tries to coast on its good intentions but nobody- least of all Peter Bogdanovich - has the good sense to put on the brakes.<br /><br />Due in no small part to the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten this movie has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich- he even bought it back from its producers then distributed it on his own and went bankrupt when it didn't prove popular. His rise and fall is among the more sympathetic and tragic of Hollywood stories so there's no joy in criticizing the film... there _is_ real emotional investment in Ms. Stratten's scenes. But "Laughed" is a faint echo of "The Last Picture Show" "Paper Moon" or "What's Up Doc"- following "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love" it was a thundering confirmation of the phase from which P.B. has never emerged.<br /><br />All in all though the movie is harmless only a waste of rental. I want to watch people having a good time I'll go to the park on a sunny day. For filmic expressions of joy and love I'll stick to Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy...
critique5499 I am disgusted and appalled by the positive reviews this movie is receiving. Not only is it hokey manipulative and melodramatic. It's also shamelessly offensive. The character of Radio `Gooding Jr.' is paraded around as a cute little stuff animal like a puppy that's so cute you just want to take him home.' This mentality is shameless; Radio is never treated as a human being but as a manipulative device to draw sympathies from its audience. Even more atrocious are the film's numerous moments in which Radio gets hit in the head/trips/falls over/etc. These moments of slapstick comedy had the audience howling with laughter merely purely because `it's funny because Radio is retarded' This is shameless Now I do not feel that the word `retarded' is an appropriate word at all to describe the mentally disabled but this seems to be the stance the film is taking `Radio is retarded but that's okay because he's cute and we like him.' Gooding's portrayal seems better suited for a John Water's film than an inspiring family drama. To add insult to injury the film is incompetent on every level Debra Winger is uninspired in the role as the `stereotypical housewives' that the very reminder of her heinous monologues insights laughter in all who see the film. The Score by John Horner is pure sap always overlaying its tear some score over the tired cinematography. Ed Harris is decent in a role he could have slept through but manages to retain much of the audience's attention throughout the film. In conclusion if you consider yourself a decent human being ignore this travesty of a film read the book but otherwise skip this dire film on an interesting character from American history.
critique5500 This is possibly the most boring movie in history. I was really looking forward to seeing this movie given the actor/director Roman Polanski. I think I would rather see the Three Amigos than ever watch this movie again. It promptly went from the DVD player straight into the garbage. My apologies to those of you who apparently liked this movie however you probably liked New Coke as well. I am at a loss to see why anyone would have enjoyed this movie it is slow dull and has no real plot. You wait for 105 minutes for the movie to get started. I understand this was made in 1976 however this was an era of bad television all around. Thank god disco and Three's Company are gone along with stop sign glasses and the Bay City Rollers. Oh well just my thoughts.
critique5501 Brilliant acting excellent plot wonderful special effects! This is what I would say about this movie if I had been watching it with a bag of diarreha on my head for the entire film. Instead I endured a 2 hour crap-o-rama. Our "brilliant" story begins with some billionare who has nothing better to do than look in volcanoes in a vain attempt to find his lucky charms. Instead he finds a 5'4" man in a cheesy rubber dinosaur suit and some queer cave-folk.<br /><br />In his infinite wisdom (along with his infinitely large nose)he decides to go inside this volcano with a team of "special" people. To travel to this underground land they go by plane? No. Boat? No. They use this giant soup can with a "solid metal" drill on the end that I swear I saw wobble. In summation this movie was faker than....Oh that's right! This was the fakest movie I've seen! For those of you who haven't seen it and are thinking of sitting down on a Sunday afternoon with this wonderful movie; I warn you! If you watch this movie you should be prepared to cut of any shred of your manhood and give yourself a full frontal lobotomy.<br /><br />ECCCHHH!! The rating system only allows for a minimum of 1/10. I give this a -10/10!
critique5502 Pretty twisted Horror film that has a few good moments here and there with some creepy Blood transfusion scenes however it's just too dull for it's own good. All the characters are OK and the story while had a lot of potential is rather dull however the blood transfusion scenes looked frighteningly real and as a result they were extremely disturbing. It's well made and decently written and it started out really interesting but it just couldn't keep up the pace plus I found the ending to be disappointing. Linnea Quigley has no more then a very small role in this so I was also disappointed about that and Stephen Knight does a good job as the lead as he was pretty twisted plus I got this in a DVD Horror set called A Taste Of Evil along with a bunch of other Horror films. There is lots of bloodhowever it's not all that gory and for it's low budget it was pretty well done however as I said it just couldn't sustain it's interest. This is a pretty twisted Horror film that has a few good moments here and there with some creepy blood transfusion scenes however it's just too dull for it's own good I would passbut I guess it's worth a watch if you have nothing better to do. The Direction is OK. Elly Kenner&Norman Thaddeus Vane do an OK job here with decent camera work and doing a good job on it's low budget however the pace is too inconsistent for my liking. The Acting is actually alright. Stephen Knight is great as the lead he was creepy twisted sick and gave a very creepy performance the most creepy thing about it though was he seemed like a normal person. Linnea Quigley did well in her small role. Christopher McDonald is OK I guess sin his short time. Rest of the cast are OK as well. Overall I would pass but I guess it's worth a watch if you have nothing absolutely better to do. *1/2 out of 5
critique5503 Motivations of the characters was completely unbelievable. Many times throughout the movie you find yourself thinking that the characters' actions were totally illogical making it impossible to identify with the characters. Possibly the writing / direction were completely out of sync making the movie painful to sit through. I wanted my money back from the video store...
critique5504 The main reason for writing this review is I found this "revisioning" of a great play and worthy 1972 film a horrible movie experience. If I can save someone from watching it I will have done a good thing.<br /><br />This "new" version is loaded with talent and it all goes wrong. Kenneth Branagh OKs an ugly sterile one note set. He proceeds to film the movie from every arty distracting self-centered angle possible. We see reflections of the actors in stainless steel on security monitors shots of their heads from 200 ft above close ups of eyes chins and on and on. The screenplay by a Nobel Laureate introduces long stretchs of unpleasant homosexual banter that is being faked by both parties.... I think?? Given the character "twists" how would I know? The characters themselvesso richly drawn in the original are crass and unsympathetic. The running time has been cut by an hour which is either the real problem or the kindest thing the Director did for us. The actors perform their lines effectively but nothing they say or do is remotely believable. Jude Law is over the top more than Caine but as the credited Producer must have had Branagh's blessing.<br /><br />All in all I found this to be an ugly to look at unconvincing shell of a former classic. Why was it even made??? The paying public spent less that $4M worldwide to see it! A vanity piece of work that fails at every turn.
critique5505 I'll get to the movie in a minute. First someone wanted "proof" about Clinton's comments at Georgetown where he claimed that the USA "deserved" the 9-11 attacks. Well here's what Clinton said:<br /><br />"In the first Crusade when the Christian soldiers took Jerusalem they first burned a synagogue with 300 Jews in it and proceeded to kill every woman and child who was a Muslim on the Temple Mount. I can tell you that story is still being told today in the Middle East and we are still paying for it."<br /><br />WE'RE still paying for it? Whaddya mean "we" paleface? The Marines didn't storm the Temple Mount. <br /><br />But in truth Clinton never really came out and flatly said that we "deserved" 9-11. Like all his statements during his presidency he IMPLIED that we deserved 9-11. Just point out "fact" A B C and maybe D and let the listener deduce that they must add up to conclusion X. When in truth most of Clinton's "Facts" added up to guacamole.<br /><br />But that's beside the point. We're here to talk movies not politics. Unfortunately when Oliver "Captain Conspiracy" Stone does a movie you can't escape his warped politics. It was only a matter of time before he focused his paranoia and bitterness on the Reagan Era and what better time than when Stone's dreams almost came true on the day Reagan nearly bought the farm. Unable to find any nefarious plots or schemes in Hinckley's assassination attempt he invents one with Al Haig. From a simple misunderstanding of the chain of Constitutional authority Haig is transformed from a public servant who really should have brushed up on his remedial civics into a raving megalomaniac. You almost expect Haig to rub his hands together like Montgomery Burns and tell Cap Weinberger to "Release the Hounds." Stone even recruits the smarmiest person in Hollywood to play our former Secretary of State Richard Dreyfuss. A guy you love to hate on sight.<br /><br />Overall the movie is OK. Average hovering on below average. Don't bother renting or buying. Try to catch it on cable. 4 out of 10.
critique5506 This owes a great deal to the plot of CAPTAINS COURAGEOUS. Although he is quite grown up it is partly the story of a wealthy lad who is shanghaied as a crew member aboard a cargo vessel and becomes a man in the process. Moran of the title is a boyish young woman also brought up on a vessel owned by her father. When the cargo burns she and crew members are evacuated to our lad's ship. However the captain has smuggling on his mind and his intentions are not honorable where Moran is concerned. The inevitable ensues - our lad falls for the mannish Moran and she for him. In the end evil is subdued and the lovers are united. Some interesting dialogue points out that Moran belongs to no man -"and no woman." (A nod to Sappho here). Dorothy Dalton is appropriately sexless as Moran and not too attractive either. Valentino does well in a romantic action role. His sexy build and physique are shown off to advantage and the role is quite a masculine one. He is very appealing. This is no great film but it passes the time. What it really showcases is Valentino's beauty and sexiness.
critique5507 Oh my... bad clothing worse synth music and the worst: David Hasselhoff. The 80's are back with vengeance in Witchery an American-Italian co-production helmed by infamous Joe 'D'Amato on the production side and short-careered director (thank heavens for small miracles) Fabrizio Laurenti directing . Marketed as a kind of sequel to Sam Raimi's Evil Dead series in Italy (that was dubbed "La Casa" in there) Witchery delivers some modest gore groceries and bad acting.<br /><br />A mix of ghost story possessions and witchcraft the film bounces clueless from scene to another without letting some seriously wooden actors and hilarious day and night mix-ups slow it's progress to expectable ending topped with some serious WTF surprise climax. (I just love the look on her face...) Surprisingly Laurenti manages to gather some suspense and air of malice in few - very few - scenes; unluckily for him these few glimpses of mild movie magic go down quickly and effectively.<br /><br />The plus sides are experienced when the gore hits the fan. This department is quite effective and entertaining in that classic latex and red paint style of the 80's Italo-gore when things were made 100% hand-made and as shockingly and vivid as modest budgets could allow. I could only watch with sadistic glee and few laughters all the over-the-top ways that obnoxious characters (and actors) got mangled and misused one by one. I only felt sorry for Linda Blair who apparently haven't been let to try any other than that good old possessed girl / woman role ever in his career or so it looks like when checking out his filmography.<br /><br />Well folks - not much more to tell and even less to tell home about. Don't expect too much when spending some rainy afternoon with this and probably you'll experience at least some mild fun. It also helps if your rotten little heart pounds in the beat of 80's euro gore horror. And speaking of hearts - every movie that has David Hasselhoff getting skewered by a sizeable metal object and bleeding heavily around the room and corridors MUST have it's one on the right place.<br /><br />This is my truth - what is yours?
critique5508 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5509 My only regret is that one cannot grade a movie on IMDb with a 0. "A Cena..." would definitely deserve that! At LEAST.<br /><br />*SPOILER?* The movie starts with a bunch of people entering a crypt to awaken an ancient Vampire. When a guy cuts himself and his blood drips and falls onto the putrid and dried corpse that is supposed to be a bloodsucker the metamorphosis takes place and the Vampire in an ANIMATION-like effect (would you believe it!) quickly takes on a more human formonly to reveal that he's wearing a tux and a bow-tie! A BOW-TIE yes. Red if my memory serves me right! I tried to check out random scenes by skipping through a bit but it did not get any better than the opening sequences. That's the point when I turned the movie off cursing it for having made me hope to see a Vampire movie. This is surely not oneunless you're 5 and could take such stupidity seriously.<br /><br />So if you like Vampires and don't want to feel revolted or even disgustedlearn from my mistake and don't even try to see this garbage!
critique5510 These kind of movies where a psycho of one variety or another tries to damage the reputation (and eventually eliminate altogether) some naive person in order to take over their life. Fatal Attraction Pacific Heights The Hand that Rocks the Cradle Single White Female and a thousand made-for-TV movies are some examples of this. But while a few especially Fatal Attraction and Pacific Heights could offer at least some extremely paranoid suspenseful characters or a few plot twists Unlawful Entry plays everything by the book. And were it not for the notoriety of its stars (Kurt Russel Ray Liota and Madeline Stowe) this movie would sink to mediocrity faster than a Danielle Steele miniseries.<br /><br />Russel plays Michael Carr an incessantly naive guy who calls on the help of a pair of officers when someone breaks into his house and tries to attack his wife (Madeline Stowe). Unfortunately he quietly vents his anger about feeling so helpless in the situation to the wrong cop (Ray Liotta) a typically psychopathic villain with no limits for his power. At first empathizing with Carr (probably only pretending to do so) the cop befriends the couple. But soon enough the cops wants Carr out of the way so destroying the guys life nearly any way he can (which is pretty easy when you're a cop and when you're the cop who has installed the guy's security system in his house) in order to take over and presumably get his wife. It seems less ends-oriented and more like the cop just wants to prove his power. The wife is more like a trophy in other words than an end. And the story plays out entirely by the book you can probably predict every occurrence before it happens on the screen if you've seen enough of these movies. From the "shocking" moment our main naive character realizes he is a victim of credit card fraud (perpetrated by the psychopathic villain) to the turn-around-he's-not-really-dead finale.
critique5511 Native Chief's son is wrongfully accused for the death of his father. The evil Witch Doctor orders to execute him. He then comes back as a murdering tree(!) Tabanga. Well what can you say about such a "film"? If it was intended to be a horror film there obviously was some sort of bad judgment involved. And for a comedy it still isn't funny enough. I don't know why people make films like this. I guess you have to be in a really silly mood to watch it. Or you might want to see the incredible "monstrous" tree which gives a new dimension to "a slow death". Or maybe you want to check out the great acting skills by all involved. (Ms. Kilgore!) Or the dialogue and screenplay which were strangely ignored at the Academy Awards that year.<br /><br />"Shouldn't we try psycho-analysis on that tree? Maybe its mother was afraid of oaks." 2/10
critique5512 I saw this film right in the middle while going through a breakup. It was about 3 in the morning and I was battling insomnia with a quick snack. It wasn't too bad at the time but every time I have tried to watch it since I can't get into it like I did that night.<br /><br />At the time I thought it was cute and I loved the variety of characters though they totally could have done better than Goran V in my opinion. But the one thing that kept me watching was Heather's character and her sad "commitment" to her husband who didn't want her anymore which made me feel sorry for her and root for her at the same time. (Considering I was in a similar situation at the time perhaps that's why I liked her so much.) Not a bad film but you pretty much have to be somewhere near the character romantically in order to appreciate it and let's hope you never are.
critique5513 I don't see enough TV game shows to understand the attraction of SHOW ME THE MONEY but I suppose it holds some appeal for undemanding audiences. Ostensibly a quiz show it offers contestants huge sums of money for answering a few simple questions. However its quiz elements play only a small part in the proceedings which I find tortuously complicated. For example before answering a question a contestant selects which question is to be asked by choosing from among random "A" "B" or "C" choices. Does this serve any purpose other than to slow the game down? It would be a lot quicker simply to start with "A." Contestants can pass on questions but must answer one of the three questions in each category.<br /><br />After responding to a question the contestant is then asked to "lock in" the answer--another delaying tactic. The contestant's next task is to name which woman from about a dozen go-go dancers in cages is to unveil a card that indicates how much the question is worth. A correct answer adds the card's dollar figure to the contestant's running total; a wrong answer subtracts the same sum. This time-consuming step actually has some entertainment value as it allows the audience to get a close look at the scantily clad and uniformly gorgeous dancers. Meanwhile the contestant is reminded that an unlucky selection of the "killer card" will end the game instantly. This naturally makes the contestant sweat and causes further delays as the nervous contestant contemplates the sudden loss of the hundreds of thousands of dollars. My suspicion is that the possibility of sudden disaster is the show's chief audience appeal.<br /><br />Meanwhile the whole process is slowed down even more by a lot of empty banter between host William Shatner and the contestant along with occasional routines by the caged dancers. All these delays burn up so much time that it might be possible for audiences to forget what the original question is by the time the correct answer is revealed.<br /><br />A typical 30-minute episode of JEOPARDY often gets through as many as 60 questions. The first 30 minutes of SMTM that I watched got through only six questions (many of which pertained to other TV shows). No one in his right mind would watch this show because it's fun to play along by answering the questions at home. That leaves three possible reasons to watch the show.<br /><br />A. To see how a contestant responds to being on the verge of winning as much as one million dollars only to lose everything in one stroke.<br /><br />B. To look at gorgeous young women performing sexually suggestive dance routines.<br /><br />C. To enjoy William Shatner's scintillating banter.<br /><br />My choice is "B" but the women aren't on camera long enough to justify suffering through an hour of this show.
critique5514 I watched this with great trepidation and my trepidation was well founded it seems. What was this movie about? Knight? The season? The Players? What? It was all over the place all the time. It had no tension (sorry we all knew Bobby was going to curse and throw things) but Brian Denehy a fine actor comes across as mailing in the anger and delivering zero tension. Cheaply shot like a MacGiver episode. Contrast this Thanksgiving main course with the job HBO did on the Don King movie "only in America" to show how to do sports biopics warts and all. Notice that ESPN promoted the hell out of it and then never showed it again?
critique5515 While the 3-D animation (the highlight of the show) did it's job well most other elements fell flat. It was as though the filmmakers thought "well it's gonna be 3-D so we don't have to work that hard on the plot or character development." And the fact that it's a children's movie is absolutely no excuse. The public is drawn to three dimensional characters (Shrek Nemo's Dad) just as much as they are drawn to three dimensional graphics. The only dimension any of the main characters showed was two dimensional Scooter who twists the plot from time to time with his compulsion to eat everything in sight.<br /><br />And the absolute kicker? Buzz Aldrin's appearance at the very end (after watching a very robotic cartoon version of the same historical figure for an hour and half) comes on the screen and ruins everyone's good time by calling the film's main characters "contaminants" and announcing that the situation put forth on screen was actually an impossibility.<br /><br />???!!!??? Did you just wanna tell the kids the Easter Bunny and Santa Claus don't exist while you're at it?
critique5516 After seeing the film version of Heart Of Darkness I feel as if I wasted 100 minutes of my life. Though the book was not my favorite I was very disappointed to see how poorly Nicolas Roeg portrayed the story. Despite the fact that he left out many bits of important information the cast just did not seem to fit their roles and the whole film seemed vastly emotionless. The book depicts vivid scenery and detail that are completely disregarded in the movie. <br /><br />You'd think a director would be able to fit 76 pages of a book into a film of at least an hour and a half. The differences completely changed the story for me. For example when the character of Kurtz's fiancÃƒÂ©e is nonchalant to the fact that Kurtz has died it completely modifies the ending the book had given. Not to mention the sets and scenery used in the film were not nearly as beautiful as they were described. It sincerely feels as if Roeg was filming another story with references from Heart Of Darkness embedded in it. <br /><br />If you watch the movie without knowing the title or expecting it to be anything like Joseph Conrad's tale you may find it good. Though I thought the camera work was poor and the cast unfitting it is a captivating story all the same. However if you are looking for a good movie version of the famous classic story don't look for it in Roeg's film.
critique5517 Let me first state that I enjoy watching "bad" movies. It's funny how some of these films leave more of a lasting impression than the truly superb ones. This film is bad in a disturbingly malicious way. This vehicle for Sam Mraovich's delusional ego doesn't just border on talentless ineptitude it has redefined the very meaning of the words. This should forever be the barometer for bad movies. Sort of the Mendoza line for film. Mr. Mraovich writes directs and stars as blunt object Arthur Sailes battling scorned wives and the Christian forces of evil as he and his partner Ben "dead behind the eyes" Sheets struggle for marital equality. As a libertarian I believe gays should have a right to get married. Ben & Arthur do more harm to that cause than an army of homophobes. The portrayal of all things Christian are so ugly and ham-fisted trademark Mraovich that you can't possibly take any of them seriously. Arthur's brother Victor the bible toting Jesus freak is so horribly over-the-top evil/effeminately gay that you have to wonder how he was cast in this role. That's because Sam "multitasking" Mraovich was also casting director. The worst of it all is Sam Mraovich himself. When you think leading man do the words pasty balding and chubby come to mind? Sam also delivers lines like domino's pizza cold and usually wrong. The final tally: you suck at writing directing acting and casting. That's the Ed Wood quadruple crown. Congratulations you horrible little man.
critique5518 Alicia Silverstone (pre-"Clueless") plays a modern-day crime-obsessed teenager attempting to solve the brutal slaying of a local girl. Pat Verducci wrote and directed this B-flick which isn't especially well-made but is however surprisingly serious-minded in regards to its leading character. Silverstone is appealing and successful in carving out an interesting young woman here despite the picture's kitschy undermining. The supporting cast (including Kevin Dillon and Michael Bowen) isn't bad though the violence in the last act goes overboard. Not a cheesy camp-fest but nothing exceptionally memorable either. *1/2 from ****
critique5519 This oddity in the new DORIS DAY COLLECTION doesn't really need to be included as she is only in the film for less than 30 minutes. What she does do however is shine when she's on screen. The near plot less movie is just an excuse to showcase some Warner contract players of the day. JANCIE RULE shows promise and it's a shame she didn't become a big star. RUTH ROMAN handles the role of the "go-getter" with aplomb. Better if this was in color. The Travis Air force base locations with some rear projection work well. What's best about the movie are some wonderful musical interludes. If you enjoyed THANK YOUR LUCKY STARS and Hollywood CANTEEN you'll like this one.
critique5520 I've heard about this movie for many years and finally got a chance to see it. A massive murdering of cheerleaders back in 1963 and 1969 eventually cause a cheerleading camp to close up. Fast forward to 1982 and Bambi a former student opens it back up with new recruits among them Candy (Carol Kane) Glenn (Judge Reinhold) and Sandy (Debralee Scott). One by one they are murdered by the killer until only one remains. It is then when we find out who did it and why.<br /><br />Also in the movie are Tom Smothers doing a terrible accent as a Canadian Mountie and Paul Reubens doing his Pee-Wee Herman schtick. The plot overall isn't very well developed and quite lame but some funny scenes do occur namely the House of Bad Pies and the strip poker scene. The ending seems like it's thrown together which is a shame.<br /><br />Overall good for about ten or fifteen minutes total the rest you can just fast forward through. Maybe catch it on TV but it's not worth buying.
critique5521 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5522 Infamous for being "brought to you by the digital effects team behind Independence Day" Coronado is even more of a spectacular failure just from being juxtaposed with ID4. This ridiculous mess of a film starts off with a brainless premise and goes completely downhill from there. A wealthy soon to be married couple in Beverly Hills are the subjects of this idiotic story. Claire's fiancÃƒÂ©e has taken off on a business trip right around Christmas so she decides to spontaneously fly to Switzerland so they can spend the holiday together. I especially love that her initial reason for wanting to go was because he had left some documents at home that she thought he might need. She grabbed them up and yelled after him while he drove away concluding that her best bet would be to fly to the other side of the planet rather than call his cell phone. I refuse to believe that a couple living in such a cavernous mansion as theirs were unaware of the existence of mobile phones.<br /><br />So up until this point the movie is unbelievably bad but check this out THIS is where it starts to get bad! She gets to Switzerland and when she can't find her husband she gets some cake and calls her friend to whine about how unfair it all is. This woman is not an action hero and she is DEFINITELY not a German Indiana Jones for crying out loud. She is an overgrown cheerleader a pampered sorority girl whose outdoor experience is probably limited to digging her spike heels out of the ground when she gets tipsy enough to wander onto the lawn during a wine and cheese party out on the bluffs.<br /><br />She gets a tip that her fiancÃƒÂ©e is in South America so she like totally flies there to get him. Once there this moron thinks she's going to go into the jungle by herself sniff out the enemy base and rescue her poor helpless boyfriend. She laughs off a comment about the danger of going in there then freaks out later because she finds out that there are battles going on. "You never said anything about battle!"<br /><br />There is one point where Claire and some journalist that she met up with drive this huge truck across a bridge that is hundreds of feet high and hundreds of feet across and suspended by two by fours. Literally. There are thousands of thin pieces of wood tied together with twine and these morons decide to drive over it. Not only does it crumble under the weight of the truck but Claire manages to fall off of it falling hundreds of feet and landing on her back in the shallow river below. Later she recalls the event laughing it off like oh maybe it was only a hundred. At least she wasn't twirling gum on her fingers.<br /><br />What is truly sad about this catastrophically bad movie is that they even managed to coax a terribly performance out of the tremendously talented John Rhys-Davies a REAL Indiana Jones veteran. There is a lot of nonsense about an uprising at the end of the film where we meet an extremist rebel leader who when we first meet him has such a thick accent that he rolls his r's like he thinks he's in a Ruffles commercial then later he talks like some guy they pulled off the streets of Venice Beach. Unbelievable.<br /><br />The special effects are negligible. The team that brought you Independence Day by the very fact that they were involved with ID4 was simply going through the motions throwing together some matted and blue screen shots I have to believe because they just had nothing better to do. The story is astonishingly bad and Kristin Dattilo who many other IMDb users cite as the only reason to see the film doesn't put the slightest effort into her performance. Maybe she thought the digital effects team behind Independence Day could superimpose some meaning into this mess.<br /><br />And given how far they've fallen maybe they thought they could too.<br /><br />They could at least have tried.
critique5523 This movie was so bad it looked like a home movie. In one scene the camera very slowly and gradually tilts down then moves back up into place again. The sound is crackly and occasionally fades out then in again. In another scene the camera man is just visible in a mirror.<br /><br />Then came the scene with instructions how to put down a tent... which believe me went on for ages and was completely irrelevant to the plot. Most scenes dragged on with conversations that were not entirely relevant either. In my opinion these were just to fill out the movie and make it longer. Even with these scenes added it was very short.<br /><br />The only good thing about it was the severed head which did look quite realistic.
critique5524 Nicolas Roeg ? He directed the classic supernatural thriller DON`T LOOK NOW didn`t he ? Strangely the aforementioned movie was broadcast on BBC television at the weekend which did tonight`s screening of COLD HEAVEN no favours what so ever . <br /><br />You see it`s impossible not to compare COLD HEAVEN with DON`T LOOK NOW since they both have the same director and the same structure and for the first third of COLD HEAVEN I thought they also had the same plot except a dead husband had been substituted instead of a dead child  in fact my mind was set on this movie revolving around a grief stricken widow seeing her late husband running around Venice wearing a red anorak . This doesn`t occur but about one third of the way through the running time there`s a massive plot twist and despite being an essential plot twist it`s not explained in any great depth . In fact very little is explained in COLD HEAVEN which ruins the movie <br /><br />People have mentioned the rather poor production values of COLD HEAVEN and it`s impossible not to notice them . If I didn`t no different I would have thought this was a TVM since it`s got a made for television feel to it right down to white capital letters in the title sequence . Roeg also tries to inject art house pretentions via spoken thought processes but again this doesn`t help the movie at all . One can`t help feeling Roeg should have put all his effort into the plot twists which are totally flat on screen <br /><br />Cheap production values  disinterested directing and a really bizarre premise and screenplay make for a bad movie
critique5525 This is the kind of movie that my enemies content I watch all the time but it's not bloody true. I only watch it once in a while to make sure that it's as bad as I first thought it was.<br /><br />Some kind of mobsters hijack a Boeing 747. (That at least is an improvement over having Boeing hijack a good part of the Pentagon.) The airplane goes down in the Bermuda triangle and sinks pressurized to the bottoms a kind of post-facto submarine.<br /><br />It has one of those all-star casts the stars either falling or barely above the horizon.<br /><br />"We're on our own!" says pilot Jack Lemon. He is so right. Except for George Kennedy. He's in all these disaster movies.<br /><br />Watch another movie instead. Oh not "Airport" the original. That's no good either. Instead watch a decent flick about stuck airplanes like "Flight of the Phoenix."
critique5526 the tortuous emotional impact is degrading whether adult or adolescent the personal values shown in this movie belong in a bad psychodrama if anywhere at all. This movie has a plot but it is all evil from start to end. This is no way for people to act and degrades both sexes all the way through the movie. teen killing - bad preteen sex - bad emotional battering - bad animal cruelty - bad psychological torture - bad parental neglect - bad the only merit if any is the excellent color shots of contrasting red blond and green leaves a bad feeling for anyone that respects life and peace what a bad mistake to make or to watch... it is UGLY
critique5527 It wasn't until I saw Sidney Pollack in the picture that I ever connected him to this film. This is his worst possible movie. Absolute dreck. The dialog is wooden and unbelievable the plot is unbelievable.<br /><br />Kristen Scott Thomas is wasted in this movie. There is nothing about her character that makes you even want to believe in this story.<br /><br />Harrison Ford is like on Valium. There is no life in his eyes.<br /><br />I blame Sidney Pollack for the failure of this movie. The script is awful and he is too smart to not see that. So it smacks of some kind of payoff whether of a studio obligation or something else but this is just BLOODY ROTTEN!
critique5528 Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch. A healthy gunfight between the happy couple the exotic model at the delicatessen and the old-timer from the motel who was (it would have turned out) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent-boy to the guys when they'd shared the rubber house. <br /><br />In the process they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens resolved most of the snags; such as the "whore bitch" ode on the windscreen the reason why the protagonist had "no friends" as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl-space chic the green thumb and his attraction to the simpler life. Quite the technician with the human body though. Ex-abortionist? Morgue attendant? A bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.<br /><br />It was fun watching these people move around I guess but Eleanora's silly Italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes: a dick a mind and a pick-up truck about summed it up for him. I also wished they could have had a bit more luggage: Eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.<br /><br />Trifling matters you may well say. I agree although the niggling bits just didn't add up right in this rush job. Good owl-wrangling though and I really felt cold all the way through.
critique5529 This movie is one long chiche after another. First of all though they did their share there is a unwarranted dope scene where John sniffs weed like an idiot. The wigs and accents are terrible. They sound worse then the old Beatle cartoons. John is the nasty envious closet homosexual slave to Yoko he is portrayed as being in the discredited Albert Goldman book. They even keep spouting song titles in regular conversation "it was always just the Two Of Us"! John would not have been mean to his fans like this either. Like his death showed us he was too nice if anything. The one funny scene is where a dumb Beatle fan only recognizes John and asks him to sing Paul's Yesterday. An insulted John says something along the lines of "Sure and while I croon why don't you get down on your knees put on your wife's wig and lick my liggin". That made me laugh for days. Really this movie is funny in how serious it tries to be while coming off ridiculous. John and Paul also did not sit pontificating all day they were funny light hearted guys who even during The Beatles break up where far more personable then portrayed here. Forget it.
critique5530 Well this is a typical "straight to the toilet" slasher film.<br /><br />Long story short a bunch of teenagers/young adults becoming stranded in the middle of creepy woods and get hacked down by naked nymphomaniac demons.<br /><br />This movie has all the basics for this slasher fromage:<br /><br />-Naked women -teens or young adults being marooned in someplace spooky -gory death scenes -the last survivor being a well built young woman who will always show off her midriff but never bra less -a creepy crazy man who knows about the evil -lesbian kiss scene -sex being a killer -no plot<br /><br />Even then for a cheesy slasher film it was really terrible. The atmosphere is totally dead. Nothing not even the sexually explicit scenes and nudity was enough to keep the male and lesbian female audience interested. Watching it felt like it was being watched with a nasty head congestion or a nasty head cold.<br /><br />Give the demonic ..... 0/10.
critique5531 Stifler has finished running his naked mile and is now attending Beta House. Crazy stuff happens people run around naked and nerds are made fun of and this series is dead in the water. The Naked Mile was a crap film but I found it to be significantly better then Band Camp. It seems they've gone back to what didn't work for them and it shows that they don't care either. You can tell where the target audience is and they nailed it perfectly. Young teenage boys who like to see naked women crude humour and beer drinking will love Beta House everyone else can pretty much look away.<br /><br />Star Wars became a massive success that stunned audiences with it's ahead of its time special effects. Lord of the Rings created an entire world of mythical creatures and massive battles that dazzled the eye. The Matrix changed the way action and sci/fi films were made specifically with the cutting edge special effects. With all the advancement in technology we eagerly await the next big thing that will have our jaws dropped to the floor. Then comes American Pie: Beta House which pushes the boundaries of what technology can do. When people have created spaceships landscapes and creatures using CGI Beta House decides to use this technology to create semen. Yes the thing that creates life the thing you see so many times in pornography films is created and time slows down to show us the white residue shoot across the room onto a teddy bear. Is this funny? Disgusting? Neither? Beta House shows more nudity then The Naked Mile which is surprising considering the previous installments title. Does the film need it? Of course not does it ever advance the plot does it ever? Does it ever get a laugh? Does it ever get young boys aroused? Yes the women are beautiful but if I am the one who thinks there is too much nudity then you might as well just have made a porno.<br /><br />The female who catches the affections of our main character is pretty and doesn't annoy the viewer like previous girls have done in the series but not once did I ever believe this character would ever do what she does. I'm pretty sure every action from the characters in this film are far from realistic. The American Pie series has fallen from a realm of reality into a fantasy world. None of the events in this film would ever happen if they ever did then I need to attend this school IMMEDIATELY. Is this film suppose to make people feel like they are having a good time? Well it doesn't we are watching them have a good time by the end of the film we hate them for all the fun they are having.<br /><br />There is a "Deer Hunter" scene in the film but to make it "funny" for today's audience they decided to substitute bullets wit horse semen. Are you laughing yet? Instead of shooting themselves with said semen in the head or face they place the gun in their mouths. Are you on the floor laughing yet? The first time we are introduced to Stifler's roommate he's having sex with his girlfriend. Are you cheering at the nudity yet? The film at first seems like it will be about the boys trying to get into the frat house but then it shifts to them already being in the frat house but needing to perform certain tasks. Then it shifts to a competition between nerds and the boys. It goes a little "Revenge of the Nerds" on us for a bit and it seems out of place. I honestly do not know what these film is about because it goes all over the place.<br /><br />Most of the comedy seems forced for shock value. Even at the beginning with the Dad showing his son the list of people he has had sex with. The joke is in there somewhere I think it might be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list or it could have been that one of his son's friend's mother was on the list. Either one it doesn't work.<br /><br />I guess if you haven't guessed it yet this film is not funny. Nor does it seem to be focused the story is pathetic and the so called crude humour that the series has been known for doesn't shock. Skip this lame installment and any future ones as well. I do not know why I have seen all the entries in the series but for some unknown reason they seem to have found their way to my eyes.
critique5532 I saw this movie not knowing anything about it before hand. The plot was terrible with large gaps of information missing. The movie didn't have the "battle of wits" feel to me. The actors just spewed out mouthful's of nonsense at times causing me to gnash my teeth in agony as they droned on and on. The plot was predictable except for the stomach sickening homo erotic scene at the end (I'm not homophobic but made me physically sick to my stomach) even the ending was predictable. And you could tell the detective was Jude Law in a costume everything from the fake accent terrible dental work costume shop facial hair everything pointed to it being a disguise. The whole movie just felt like wasted time out of my life. This movie had the feel of a puppet show with Jude Law and Michael Caine as puppets and the house as the window to view the show really boooring in my opinion.
critique5533 Despite being a sequel to the more potent original this is more of a comical remake of Friday THE 13TH concerning the further antics of psychopathic Angela killing more nubile teens for their "immorality" at a camp.<br /><br />Pamela Springsteen (sister of Bruce) looks great. There are some pretty darn funny sex scenes with some pretty darn attractive girls but the movie's so (unintentionally) comedic rather than suspenseful it's a stinker.<br /><br />* out of ****.<br /><br />MPAA: Rated R for graphic violence and gore nudity and for some sexuality language and drug use.
critique5534 I watched this movie for a project on love. please tell Nicolas Cage to learn what it would feel like to be his character and then re-read the lines he's saying. My life cannot go on... i accidentally cut off my own hand...my brother was close by. Obviously his fault. And since when have happy endings included the nice guy who takes care of Mom sad and alone. No closure bad script and doesn't have enough extension of minor characters. Save yourself unless your up for a good laugh. Costumes were done appropriately and extras did a fabulous job. I'm sure it would have been a fun movie to make but keep it more genre specific I can't recommend this movie to anyone I know because it is not an intellectual movie. It is not a chick flick. It is not a strict romantic. And I can't show kids because of the sex and questions to follow. All in all just not a good flick.
critique5535 Oliver Gruner is totally unknown to me. My friend showed me this film because he had seen Gruner in what he called a pretty good sci-fi film Nemesis. So as we watched this we found ourselves fastforwarding through the BS drama parts just to get to the unbelievable action sequences. Gruner loves to kick and kick and kick. And kick! haha<br /><br />Gruner character is a graduate student who is forced to stay in a ghetto close to the one that he grew up in. He finds himself watching after the boy who lives with him because he really wants to join in the Mexican gang that keeps tormenting his family. Instead of joining up Gruner tells the boy to fight back (against a gang? too crazy). Gruner plays a typical Van Damme character who kills everyone (or maims them pretty bad) and works to rid his block of these gangmembers.<br /><br />The plot was very cheesy and easy to think of. Gruner is probably not very well known because of his script-choosing if this movie is anything to compare possible choices to. This ghetto is pure hell and I enjoyed seeing the motley crew of characters go through it as if they have a chance against Gruner's character. The music was typical action music (thumping pianos and timpani swelling guitars) which actually wasn't as bad as I make it sound. The director really needed to keep the action going instead of taking a break every 5 minutes for a tense family moment.<br /><br />Ultimately I gave it a 4/10 because it really tried to be an average action film for Oliver Gruner to star in but the overall feel of the film leaves you wanting more closure on what you just saw.
critique5536 First off I'm not here to dog this movie. I find it totally enjoyable in spite of the poor production quality. The acting herein is about as abominable as the monster stalking them although the monster itself is quite well done...impressively well done at that. He actually looks kind of other-worldly like an alien family on vacation landed in the Himalayas and while dad was out taking a ... attending to nature's call Spot got loose and they just didn't have time to hunt him down. That or he's the Caucasian brother of the Wishmaster. I haven't decided which.<br /><br />Actually this seems to have been filmed somewhere in snow country yes but more likely Canada somewhere than China anywhere. The trees and vistas say Canada to me and it's okay that the set area never takes on the look or feel of uber-coldness one might expect to find in the Himalayas of China. It's a Sci-Fi Channel movie so we can forgive the lack of location.<br /><br />Further apparently (as we have just established) Sci-Fi directors do not travel often as they are not aware that commercial planes fly above weather like what is featured herein and the subsequent crash actually would not have happened. But as I said it's a Sci-Fi Channel movie so we must forgive a few things.<br /><br />The movie is pretty graphic at times and rotates between "Alive" about the Donner Party "Predator" about the alien in the woods and any bad wushu movie where they fly about on wires. The Yeti apparently can leap about like Spiderman...or Super Mario...remember? "Run faster! Jump higher! Live longer!" <br /><br />Also the Yeti has missed his teddy bear. He's searched high and low for it but cannot seem to make a cadaver work. Poor Yeti! You can't help but feel sorry for it. It has survived and evolved thousands of years only to succumb to severe teddy bear loss. He's missed his bear. Or maybe it wants to mate but that thought is BANISHED! Do ya hear me? Well it does seem to be an unmated male. REBANISHED! <br /><br />And it's superhuman. Well it's not human...it's super-Yeti! But then again what's normal-Yeti? I don't know but he has a definite Michael Meyers quality that is completely unsettling. And he's got this fabulous way of cleaning his fur. FABulous Dahlink! It's spotlessly white at times when it SO shouldn't be. He's fastidiously superhu-...super-Yeti.<br /><br />All in all? This was a lot of fun to watch has some great kills and a few honest plot elements. In spite of the horribly gravel-like production style this is actually quite entertaining. I can't help wondering if they're planning on another one? <br /><br />It rates a 6.0/10 on the M4TV Scale.<br /><br />It rates a 4.4/10 on the Movie Scale from...<br /><br />the Fiend :.
critique5537 Okay sure this film will never win an oscar. Citizen cane this film is not... BUT why does every film have to be scrutinized? when was the last time you saw a film that was funny not becuase it was good but because it was goofy? doesn't anyone remember roger corman king of exploitation?<br /><br />well I had fun. I liked the cheese. just go in not expecting to think and prepare to throw popcorn at the screen.
critique5538 This movie wasn't too funny. It wasn't too horrible either. Just a fun ride aboard the Soul Plane. It's a black-owned flight service with a kick-ass disco beautiful bar and pumping stewards. The plot takes you through the whole idea of a black (not race or color but 'style') -owned plane with the same style of black humor. At times there are some great rare scenes like when the main character uses the 'normal' lavatory in the 'normal' plane. Check that out. There are lulls however and I find it most in the character who played the Soul Pilot. Watch to find out who it is. All in all it's a fun movie. Tom Arnold adds to the fun with his 'cracker' attitude. This is one movie to watch when playing poker when you're drunk or just vegging.
critique5539 I must say that I was disapointed with this film. I have never been a huge BNL fans I find their songs kind of childish and obsessively nostalgic (this is me in grade 9 if i had a million dollars shoe box of life etc). However I have seen clips of their live show and I really like the improvisational and goofy nature of the show. I was hoping that this movie would highlight this which is unfortunately the most interesting part of the show because their music is well played yet somehow bland and not that compelling (there is a standup bass solo in the middle which was completely pointless and boring despite how much Jim Creegan was digging himself). The film does not and shows only a few minutes of it (and you know they've had better moments as in the Afgahnistan concert "Koffee Anan he's the man in charge my name's Steve Paige and I'm really large") .<br /><br />BNL are kind of like when I went to Europe a few years ago and heard that godawfull "Blue" song by Effeil 99 or whatever every 2 minutes I came back to Canada and then a month later that song was all over the place *again* I nearly chewed off my own arm. BNL is like that years ago I remember many a fond memory of sitting around campfires in Canada listening to people play "If I had a million dollars". BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada and much of their humour has a particular Canadian slant to it (Kraft Dinner is a staple for many students up here and the name "Gordon" is quintessentially Canadian) a few years went by where they slipped into obscurity and I was somewhat gratefull. Then all of a sudden they become huge in States and everyone down there thinks they are this brand new band (yeah they're brand new but they're all in their 30's!) while the rest of Canada is going "Oh geez I thought those guys folded years ago do I have to listen to 'million dollars' again?"<br /><br />The concert footage is not bad but I would have liked to have seen more of their stage routine the shooting is not that great and things like clips from their massive free show in Boston are glazed over much too quickly. The interviews are surprisingly dull for such a funny bunch of guys I think they're all old and they have families and houses and stuff and have settled down a bit. There are times when they go into Spinal Tap type of material where they deliver deadpan satire then they break into laughs and giggles that kind of ruins it. The interviews with Moses Znaimer (a Canadian media mogule) and Terry David Mulligan (Music dude) are extremely pretentious and verge into Tap territory unintentionally.<br /><br />This movie doesn't really document very much either I mean it's basically one show and at the start of the film they are already huge and have a massive touring entourage it's not like we see them rising from obscurity and "surprise" they are popular it's a methodically planned out event so in the end it's rather lifeless kind of half live concert half documentary and not much of either.<br /><br />
critique5540 This movie was playing on Lifetime Movie Network last month and I decided to check it out. I watched for the first 20 minutes and then shut it off b/c I am sorry but plot holes that are integral to a movie's plot make the movie nothing but garbage.<br /><br />The movie is about a woman who accidentally runs a child on a bicycle off the road leaves to get help returns only to find out that it's being called a hit and run and there's a hunt for the 'monster' that hurt (in the end killed) her.<br /><br />This is a movie about a female in an affluent neighborhood who has 2 small grade school children and who is an active sociable woman and yet in order for this movie to work it needs to be believable that she does not own a CELL PHONE. Sorry but that's complete BS especially when everyone else seems to have one - they used theirs to call 911 when they found the girl lying on the side of the road - when our lead female left the scene of the crime to go phone 911 at some payphone. When the lead female comes back the ambulance is already at the girl's side and there is chatter about how horrible the person is who hit and left her.<br /><br />Just DUMB. Sorry but I am not willing buy that this woman doesn't own a cell phone which is needed for the movie to work. Please don't insult my intelligence movie thanks. Maybe if this took place in 1970 or 1960 I'd buy it but it's clearly a present day (1999 at the time) movie. ..but wait if she had a cell phone there would be no movie. Pfft.<br /><br />The woman clearly knows about technology since she had computers in her house ones the kids played games on so all the movie had to do was make her cell phone dead in the car making her resort to another way to call the cops.. leaving out a cell phone altogether just created a ridiculous plot.
critique5541 this is not just a bad film it's one of the worst films ever. it's so bad that i found it to be quite enjoyable. the acting oh my god the script you gotta be kiddin'. how can you imagine the writer coming up with things like: - a kid who makes fireworks in school fireworks SO powerfull that when someone gets hit by it they fly a hundred yards backwards and explode. -a girl is trapped in the celler the killer is trying to break open the door. she gets a drill but the wire isn't long enough. she first makes an extension cord oh the horror and then when she's done she drills through the door and drills through the head of the killer. WOW - and there are plenty more examples like that. oh yeah and what happened to George Kennedy he used to be great (Thunderbolt and Lightfoot/Cool hand Luke)
critique5542 When 'My Deja Vu My Deja Vu' aired last season I was pleased. Scrubs I thought is doing something clever and unique in regards to the clip-show concept. Instead of replaying footage they're replaying jokes in a self-aware manner and I really enjoyed it.<br /><br />I found it really unfortunate that I was wrong. One season later they succumbed to that which almost all sitcoms inevitably do the clip show...and it looked like it was put together by the work-experience kid. Dr Cox's shaved head shows just how lazy the editors were in putting it together as it doesn't appear again until 'My Long Goodbye' some 4 episodes later. I can't imagine that a wig is too much effort when it comes to maintaining the continuity of what was once a well-constructed sitcom. Who knows why it was slotted there it just seemed lazy and out of place reminding me (largely) of episodes that have aired within the past year.<br /><br />Three second clips jammed together with background music is a DVD extra for a (very) rainy day not an episode of prime-time television.
critique5543 I won't waste a whole lot of time of this one because as far as I'm concerned it isn't really a movie to start with just a careless mish-mash of borrowed footage and embarrassingly amateurish new footage made solely for the purpose of pasting the whole mess together and call it a "Boogeyman" sequel. Literally 80% of this film is stolen from its far superior predecessor "The Boogeyman" a film that the writers of this garbage apparently didn't even bother to watch because they couldn't even get actress Suzanna Love's original character's name (Lacy) right. And to add insult to injury the killer is invisible in the original footage and visible in the new footage apparently they think their audience is as stupid as they are. 0 out of 10 and I wish IMDb's rating system went that low the most callous and blatant attempt to rip off people's money I've even seen YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!
critique5544 This could quite possibly be the worst movie ever made up there in a league with movies like "Howard the Duck" "Plan 9 From Outer Space" and "Ishtar." I don't understand why I decided to see this movie as it was a waste of my life. I also do not understand why one would like this movie regardless of their sense of humor. The acting is among the worst I've ever seen as is the writing. The characters are all stupid and there is not one funny scene in the entire movie. Tom Arnold is quite possibly the worst actor ever-- this movie proves it. There is nothing worthy about this movie. Don't rent it don't watch it don't even say that it looks interesting. It's bad enough I saw it.
critique5545 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Thank God I saw it for free. I would have hated to waste my money on it.<br /><br />First off there isn't a character in the movie that is in any way likable. Michael Caine comes close but even he is pretty flawed. The rest of the "commandos" are made up of disgusting ex-cons. There are the two gay Arabs and three guys who try to rape a red cross nurse and the "leader" who has no trouble sending his men off to get killed so he can escape.<br /><br />The "mission" is anything from suspenseful. They are to blow up a fuel dump. Sounds exciting right? Well the footage follows them through endless sandstorms and fixing flat tires. Yes you read that right. The "suspense" is whether they will run out of spare tires. We actually WATCH them change something like 12 flats on the way. That's how incredibly exciting this movie is.<br /><br />They get to the fuel dump to find that it is a decoy. So nothing to blow up. And at this time for some very convoluted reason the British army decides that they don't need these guys anymore and radios their whereabouts to the Germans to kill them.<br /><br />So now at least we'll have an exciting race to freedom? Nope instead they decide to blow up a different fuel dump to create a diversion. But when they get into the place they set off a trip wire and the Germans come to get them -- calling out their names over a loudspeaker.<br /><br />Really weird. If the Germans knew where they were and where they were going why did they let them get all the way into the dump before springing the "trap?" Instead they wait until they get into the fuel depot and set all of their charges. Yeah. Right. That would happen.<br /><br />So they blow the dump the leader sells out all of his men -- except for Michael Caine since he's been offered $2000 to bring him back alive.<br /><br />OK... so the men are all betrayed and killed and Michael Caine and Nigel Davenport survive. The British troops come in with tanks and they decide to go get rescued. Since they are wearing German uniforms (they wore them to blow up the dump) they tie a white flag around a stick and walk out into the road.<br /><br />Some British guy walks up behinds them and machine guns them to death. Credits roll.<br /><br />Yep. The two "Heroes" of the movie die due to a random act of violence.<br /><br />It's almost like the movie suddenly ran out of budget and decided: "That's a wrap. Kill them off and we'll go home." I wasted 2 hours of my life watching this tired unimaginative and totally unrealistic movie that ended with a gracefulness of a bomb.
critique5546 I'm all for the idea of a grand epic of the American Revolutionary War. This ain't it. (And for that matter neither was the Emmerich/Devlin/Gibson THE PATRIOT. But I digress.)<br /><br />I saw this film at a publicity screening at the old MGM Studios (now Sony) just before it came out. The audience had high expectations for this expensive period piece written by veteran Robert Dillon directed by the esteemed Hugh Hudson (of CHARIOTS OF FIRE fame) and starring Al Pacino.<br /><br />But it didn't take long for people to start squirming in their seats whispering derisive comments about Pacino's horribly misconceived accent -- he was supposed to be an American frontiersman of Scottish ancestry(!) -- and that of Nastassja Kinski who was supposed to be recently emigrated from England(!!). Then the story started and it all went downhill fast.<br /><br />Motivations were muddled dialogue was atrocious events had no historical or political context. What there was of a plot lurched forward on absurd coincidence; by the second or third time that alleged lovers Pacino and Kinski stumbled into each other it had become a bad joke. Donald Sutherland gave an unhinged performance as a British officer/pederast. His accent was all over the map too. I guess there weren't any English actors available.<br /><br />Lots of people left. Those who stayed tried to stifle giggles then openly guffawed. I stuck it out -- I figured that at least the battle scenes might be good. I was wrong. Inexplicably Hudson chose to film them with hand-held cameras not even Steadicam the jerkiness giving a misplaced newsreel 'authenticity' which ruined the sense of scale.<br /><br />There was a semi-famous TV reviewer in the audience a few rows ahead of me: (the late) Gary Franklin of Channel 7 Eyewitness News. I could tell he was peeved by the behavior of the rest of us. And sure enough on his TV segment the next day he gave the film a '10' on his notorious 'Franklin Scale of 1 to 10' while remarking churlishly about the louts who'd disrupted the screening the night before who clearly didn't know art when they saw it. What a buffoon.<br /><br />After this disaster Pacino didn't star in another film for almost 4 years. Hugh Hudson's career never recovered. You can't say I didn't warn you.
critique5547 The Toxic Avenger Part II starts with the startling revelation that after the Toxic Aveneger (John Altamura who was apparently fired during production & replaced with Ron Fazio) had rid his home town Tromaville of evil it actually became a nice place to live. This meant that Toxie had no use as a superhero anymore & now suffers from depression & a feeling of utter uselessness (just like directors Lloyd Kaufman & Michael Herz should feel like after producing this) Toxie now works as a concierge at the 'Tromaville centre for the blind'. It's not long before trouble rears it's ugly head though an evil chemical producing company called Apocalypse Inc. plans to take over Tromaville for some stupid insignificant reason or other but to do so they need to get rid of Toxie. After the evil chairman's (Rick Collins) first plan fails he bribes Toxie's psychiatrist (Erika Schickel) to tell him to go to Japan & see his Father. Leaving his girlfriend Claire (Phoebe Legere) his Mother (Jessica Dublin) & his home behind Toxie heads for Tokyo Japan. Once there Toxie sets about finding his Father & a woman named Masami (Mayako Katsuragi) helps him in his quest. Meanwhile back in Tromaville Apocalypse Inc. move in for the kill & without Toxie the citizens are powerless to defend themselves. Toxie eventually finds Big Mac Bunko (Rikiya Yasuoka) whom he has been lead to believe is his Father however Big Mac is all part of Apocalypse Inc. plans to destroy Toxie once & for all...<br /><br />Produced & directed by Lloyd Kaufman & Michael Herz this follow up to the successful The Toxic Avenger (1985) basically proves the first film was a complete fluke a lucky accident to combine the right blend of bad taste comedy outrageous violence & so-bad-it's-good film-making The Toxic Avenger Part II is a load of crap in comparison. The script by by Kaufman Phil Rivio & Gay Partington Terry with a load of 'additional material' credits does not contain one single funny moment during it's entire 102 (uncut director's cut) duration. The visual gags are terrible Toxie walking through Tokyo with a wig & glasses to blend in for instance or a scene where he heats up a bath with a bad guy in it & as he cooks Toxie throws in a load of vegetable's & spaghetti a scene where he sticks electrical wires up a woman's nose sticks an antenna in her head & a microphone in her mouth to which a Japanese radio announcer talks into a bit where a Japanese bad guy has his nose burnt into the shape of a fish a bit where Toxie grabs a swordfish head & uses it as a weapon or the embarrassingly bad overacting & stupid idiotic facial expressions a guy who literary has a fish for a head & gets turned literary into sushi the awful comedy music & sound effects & the whole film in general is a pale imitation of what made the original mildly amusing & memorable. The bad taste gags aren't there this time round & the silly childish juvenile humour of the first is also missing it just feels like a real step back from the original & lets not forget this is Troma here so that is most definitely a bad thing. There are a few gory fights & some serious gore & violence at least in the supposedly uncut 102 minute version I saw crushed heads with the bodies spurting out blood smashed faces intestines roses poked in someones eyes & thorns wrapped around their throat ripped off ears severed arms & a very graphic & gory scene of a man being chopped to pieces. Unfortunately the special effects by Pericles Lewnes aren't particularly convincing & come mostly within the first twenty or so minutes. The acting is of embarrassing proportions as I've already mentioned. Action wise there is an ultra cheap looking car chase at the end & a few unexciting lacklustre fights utilising cardboard ninja throwing stars at one point. Horror wise there is nothing a few gory set pieces apart. Comedy wise this is very unfunny. In fact The Toxic Avenger Part II sucks on all levels really & to top it all off it's atrociously made as well most of the cast appear to be people plucked from the nearest street corner continuity is none existent cinematography is basic point & shoot & the special effects are anything but. One or two gory scenes apart this is total crap plain & simple do yourself a favour watch the original again instead.
critique5548 This movie is absolutely terrible... Definately a bull***t story and even worse acting. Too bad Charlie Sheen is involved in something like this since he is a decent actor and has done a couple of really good movies.<br /><br />The special effects are 'A-team'-standard with the classical car gets shot and then flips over with a little fireball under the hood.<br /><br />Of course the enemy are portrayed as total idiots and die as fast as they can say '-Die evil Americans'.<br /><br />Unless braindead movies are you game don't spend 113minutes of your life on this rubbish. Pick up 'the Platoon' or 'Apocalypse Now' instead.
critique5549 Rodney Dangerfield is a great. He has done a lot of great works. But this one....is awful. The whole plot is whack. It could have been much better. The jokes in the movie aren't funny....their stupid. This was very not so hilarious. He can do much better than this.
critique5550 DD films were damn corny damn stupid and had a plot which seemed wafer thin but those days they was a plot at least<br /><br />This film isn't just a comedy but a mix of melodrama romance everything<br /><br />Every drama scene is blown out of proportion<br /><br />The comedy is funny but corny too Yet the film keeps you entertained those days Govinda films were loud crass yet they had some funny moments people enjoyed<br /><br />David Dhawan does a okay job Music is okay<br /><br />Govinda acts well in comedy and drama Karisma is decent in parts and annoys in parts Kader is as usual Gulshan Prem Chopra are typecast Shakti is hilarious
critique5551 It was just a terrible movie. No one should waste their time. Go see something else. This movie is without a doubt one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. If you want to see a good movie don't see Made Men.
critique5552 ---what happened to these unlikeable people. Alan Arkin was as usual unfunny and just walks through the role. The kids are all a mess. Mariesa Tomei probably wishes this role had never come her way. And what are Carl Reiner and Rita Moreno doing in this really bad mean movie? If you enjoy watching losers wallow in their disfunction and not try in any way to do better this is your film. All others take a walk read a book or see something else.<br /><br />Jane
critique5553 This is quite possibly the most retarded 80's slasher ever realized but how can you be harsh on a film that features non-stop images of dozens of gorgeous ladies with exhilarating bodies doing aerobic exercises taking showers and wandering about in tight gym outfits? Prior to being a horror film "Aerobicide" is a 90 minutes promo video to encourage the use of steroids silicons and other body-stimulating fitness products. If you'd leave out all the footage of hunky boys lifting weights and yummy girls wiggling their butts and racks to insufferable 80's tunes there probably only have about 15 minutes of story left. Plenty of time to improvise a plot about a sadist killer slaughtering young health-freaks with a big safety pin (yeahÃ‚Â…). The film opens with an unintentionally hilarious scene of a girl getting fried between an electric sun-bathing device. Several years later people turn up dead in the same spa. You don't really need to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket scientist to figure out there's a link between the murders and the burning incident now do you? Investigating the case are a seemingly braindead police officer (and Charles Napier look-alike!) and a beefcake private detective who gets lucky with the bustiest 80's beauty I've ever seen! Looking through the credits her name's Dianne Copeland apparently and she didn't do anything else apart from this turkey and an imbecile Troma-movie called "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a wasted opportunity! She may not have been a great actress but she sure had two other BIG advantages that would help her move upwards in show business. The amount of gore and the quality of the make-up effects are nothing special neither. We're treated to a couple of bizarre stabbings with a pin and some barbecued human flesh. The plot twists near the end are ridiculous and predictable but by that time nobody is taking the film seriously anymore anyway. "Aerobicide" (a.k.a. "Killer Workout") is recommended in case you want to switch of all your brain functions off for one night but nevertheless feel like watching a film! It actually would make a terrific double-feature with "Death Spa". Both films have a lot of sexy and scarcely dressed babes Ã‚Â… and both films are pretty dumb.
critique5554 The Broadway musical "A Chorus Line" is arguably the best musical in theatre. It's about the experiences of people who live for dance; the joys they experience and the sacrifices they make. Each dancer is auditioning for parts in a Broadway chorus line yet what comes out of each of them are stories of how their lives led them find dance as a respite. <br /><br />The film version though captures none of the passion or beauty of the stage show and is arguably the worst film adaptation of a Broadway musical as it is lifeless and devoid of any affection for dance whatsoever. <br /><br />The biggest mistake was made in giving the director's job to Sir Richard Attenborough whose direction offered just the right touch and pacing for "Gandhi." Why would anyone in his or her right mind ask an epic director to direct a musical that takes place in a fairly constricted place?<br /><br />Which brings us to the next problem. "A Chorus Line" takes place on stage in a theatre with no real sets and limited costume changes. It's the least flashy of Broadway musicals and its simplicity was its glory. However that doesn't translate well to film and no one really thought that it would. For that reason the movie should have taken us in the lives of these dancers and should have left the theatre and audition process. The singers could have offered their songs in other environments and even have offered flashbacks to their first ballet jazz or tap class. Heck they could have danced down Broadway in their lively imaginations. Yet not one shred of imagination went into the making of this film as Attenborough's complete indifference for dance and the show itself is evident in his lackadaisical direction.<br /><br />Many scenes are downright awkward as the dancers tell their story to the director (Michael Douglas) whether he wants to hear them or not. Douglas' character is capricious about choosing to whom he extends a sympathetic ear and to whom he has no patience. <br /><br />While the filmmakers pretended to be true to the nature of the play some heretical changes were made. The very beautiful "Hello Twelve Hello Thirteen Hello Love"--a smashing stage number which took the dancers back to their adolescence--was removed and replaced with the dreadful "Surprise" a song so bad that it was nominated for an Oscar. Adding insult to injury "Surprise" simply retold the same story as "Hello Love" but without the wit or pathos.<br /><br />There is no reason to see this film unless you want a lesson in what NOT to do when transferring a Broadway show to film. If you want to see a film version of this show the next closest thing is Bob Fosse's brilliant "All That Jazz." While Fosse's daughter is in "A Chorus Line" HE is the Fosse who should have been involved as director. He would have known what to do with this material which deserved far greater respect than this sad effort.
critique5555 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5556 How wonderful. Yet another movie about America by someone who has visited here probably a half dozen times a day a piece and believes himself to be an "expert" on the country. Sheesh. I should take a trip to Germany for a week and then come back and make a movie about Germany as the "land of Nazis" or some such. Wim IL boy you should get together with Lars von Trier and make the ULTIMATE movie about the Americans. Of course we all know it takes a pretentious left-leaning "we are the world" European to make a "real" movie about America.<br /><br />Yeah right. For a continent that started not one but TWO world wars Europe sure has a lot of opinions about America's wrong "foreign policy".<br /><br />P.S. Don't worry Wim IL boy there's plenty of UC-Berkeley Americans that'll just love your movie. Of course these are the same people who thinks George W. Bush is worst than Hitler and that a painting of a can of soup is "sheer genius"!!
critique5557 I found this film to be a bit too depressing. I don't mind dramas but this was a bit too much for me. Luckily there does seem to be somewhat a decent outcome. I suppose it was well done. I'd watch it again but it's nothing to rave about.
critique5558 Naming the absolutely most pathetic piece of crap in cinematic history is not an easy task candidates being so abundant but Nemesis 2 has been my personal favorite ever since I saw it. It was so funny we had to rent it again the next day and again I laughed so hard I was literally rolling on the floor. (This usually only happens when I see Monty Python's "Scott of the Antarctic".)<br /><br />Throughout the whole movie an overwhelming what-the-heck-feeling firmly grasps the viewer. I'm utterly confounded that this clumsy home video ever made it to production stage. It's supposed to be a sequel yet has no apparent connection whatsoever with the first film. The hero has the same name but this time "Alex" is female although it took us half way into the movie to stop guessing what with all the muscles and the barbarian-nomad outfit!<br /><br />There is really no plot at all it's merely a prolonged chase scene only it's so slow-paced and senseless that calling it a chase scene makes it sound way more interesting than it really is. There is almost no dialogue which is just as well considering the quality of it and then the film suddenly just comes to an abrupt end after a blatant action scene with lots of gasoline explosions without ever really explaining what it was all about. Luckily it never gets boring because there's something silly and phony going on at all times!<br /><br />Terrible movies are usually just tedious but Nemesis 2 is such a perfect mixture of over-seriousness and utter nonintentional wackiness that it's truly entertaining. Rent this film or buy it even you won't be disappointed!
critique5559 Greyfriars Bobby was NOT a westie - Bobby was a skye terrier. A highlight of my childhood day trips to Edinburgh was to go to the monument to Bobby. I grew up with the story of the valiant and loyal little dog as every child in my generation did and I remember lining up with my mum outside the cinema - with many many other Dundee children and their mums - to see the wonderful Disney film. How could a movie based on such a wonderful story have been made using a Westie for heaven's sake. That's like making a movie about the life of Robert Burns for instance and portraying him as an Englishman. I saygive Bobby back his breed!
critique5560 This pile of sh!t is tied in my book as the worst thing ever made. I can't BELIEVE that someone actually relased this CRAP let alone acually MADE it. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE. Not even worth mentioning the damn story or any details about it. THAT's how bad it actually is. Avoid it like SARS!
critique5561 Okay to be fair this movie did have an interesting concept. Given a few script rewrites some decent actors and a budget this might have been a fairly decent cult flick instead of the MST3K fodder it turned out to be.<br /><br />Still it was better than "Armageddon."
critique5562 In the Tower of Babel installment of the mini-series the narrator describes the builders of the tower as "the descendants of Moses."<br /><br />That's like saying George Washington lived many centuries before Alexander the Great.<br /><br />Or that the light bulb was invented before the wheel.<br /><br />Or that the guided missile was the forerunner of the bow-and-arrow.<br /><br />Need I say more?<br /><br />The writers of The Greatest Heroes of the Bible should have at least paid closer attention to the chronologies of Biblical people and events.
critique5563 The Russian movie "4" follows the lives of three (not four) strangers who meet one night in a local bar. One is a musician one a frozen meat seller and one a call girl.<br /><br />"4" I gather is intended to showcase the dreariness and hopelessness of life in post-Soviet Russia (the characters have to make up stories to make their lives appear more interesting than they really are) but the movie is so incoherent and boring that I seriously doubt very many people will be able to sit all the way through it. There seems to be a suggestion running through the film that the shadowy Russian government is up to some shady doings behind the scenes - operating secret cloning facilities selling decades-old frozen meat etc. - but the movie is so formless and incomprehensible that I doubt anyone could figure out what anybody's really up to here.<br /><br />Despite decent acting and a few incisively directed scenes "4" is a two-hour long endurance contest that should be avoided at all costs.
critique5564 The original WASC isn't by any means a must see movie in the genre. In fact if it weren't for it's chilling first 25 minutes there wouldn't be any logical reason for watching it. The remake takes those 25 minutes and turns them into a mediocre 85 minute teen Horror flick. <br /><br />Now I don't have anything against PG-13 Horror movies but the tendency surrounding them is getting lame. When you see the PG-13 rating you expect a movie filled with false scares teen t.v. or music stars and a plot that has been used for several times. Don't even ask for gore or violence. <br /><br />I know that it's not correct to compare both the original WASC and the remake but I think that it's necessary to do it because the whole idea of the new one is based on the beginning of the original. The tension that is felt through the first movie is not present by any means in the remake. Not even with the amazing settings or great use of lightning. No tension suspense thrills...nothing. The movie goes too slow before it gets a little "interesting" and that's when the stranger appears. The chasing sequence is probably the best part of the movie because at least there's a feeling of "what will happen next?". But that's it. The situations that set up for the climax are predictable boring and lack of suspense. The original has merits for having suspense in the most important scenes and also for a chilling climax for the most important scene of the movie. <br /><br />Now I understand that this is a PG-13 Horror movie but if you pay respect to the original. Why change it's most important situation? The children are not supposed to survive! After the ending I felt like this movie was pointless. So the baby sitter was playing cat and mouse with a wacko...that's it?. Then the sequence at the hospital was plain stupid. And worst of all it means that a sequel may be on the way. <br /><br />Camila Belle is the best thing about the movie. She delivers a cute believable performance. She needs to pick better projects although this role will gain for her thousands of teenager fans. <br /><br />Please don't watch this movie. Some people say that in order to support the Horror genre we are supposed to support any movie that comes out. I don't necessary agree. If we ignore movies like WASC then the producers of Horror movies will understand that we won't accept CRAP. We want good Horror movies not lame flicks filled with false scares. <br /><br />Watch the original "When A Stranger Calls" instead because it's first 25 minutes are WAY BETTER than the whole (pointless) remake.
critique5565 and I still don't know where the hell this movie is going? I mean really what is this movie about? Is it about demonstrating Sean Connery's complete lack of Arabic? Is it about showing that if he could play the role of a Moroccan warlord then he was a natural to play the role of Ramirez in highlander? Why was Teddy Roosevelt even in this movie? Why was there so much sand that was put to so little use? Where was there so much table slapping? Why did Teddy ignore the Japanese guy who he was shooting archery with? Did he realize the man was Japanese? Why was no no credible excuse given for Connery's accent? At least Jean Claude Van Damme has an excuse for his French accent whether it be being raised by French nuns in Hong Kong (Double Impact) being raised on the bayou in Louisiana (Universal Soldier) or having a French mother and being raised in Indochina (I cannot even remember the name of that movie)? Can anyone explain this?
critique5566 A film so insecure the creaters perhaps hoped to milk an original film noir classic title "Farewell My Lovely" thinking the gullible would assume it a remake. The characters are so foul and unappealing that it deserved its cold reception when first released. Time only adds to it its absurdity. Having none of the guile cinematography desperation or despair of classic noir it relied instead on a convoluted and senseless crime plot that would have easily resulted in several arrests within hours. As if that weren't enough it threw in an utterly sexless attempt at erotica in which at least one of the participants hadn't bothered to bathe in several days. This only made this mess all the more painful to watch. Find a good classic forties or fifties film noir instead of wasting two hours on this failure.
critique5567 This movie starts out the way every movie should start out with a bunch of hot babes in a dorm walking around in their undies and/or topless. A couple of them take showers. I'm liking it so far! Unfortunately we then meet or main characters. They're just not particularly likable. Usually in these movies the actresses aren't really acting they give very "natural" performances and they're quite sympathetic fun and likable. Not here. They don't have much of any personality and I didn't care for them much.<br /><br />Some of the girls go on a camping trip for school. On the way they stop at a backwoods gas station and meet a biker gang. The biker gang should really have been left out of the movie - it was cheesy before but now it's just plain stupid. The head biker looks like a middle aged guy dressed up as John Bon Jovi for Halloween. The girls go out to the woods and later the biker gang follows them.<br /><br />I don't really know what the heck happens after that. There's a bunch of stuff about the world ending because it's the end of the millennium then some of the bikers get killed by a mysterious Indian dude who keeps disappearing. Somebody gets eaten by a cheesy Lock Ness Monster thing as he's swimming across a lake. Some guy in silly makeup is apparently a Druid and he needs to sacrifice some of the girls in order to forestall the end of the world. Or maybe cause the end of the world I'm afraid I wasn't paying much attention. First he dresses the girls up in animal skin lingerie.<br /><br />It could have been a really fun cheesy movie but the biker gang kind of ruined the atmosphere and the plot was so scatterbrained that it didn't even live up to my grade Z schlock expectations. They really should have eliminated half the plot elements and just focused on one or two things. Instead it's all over the place. Overall if you're looking for late '80 schlock I imagine you could do worse. If you tried really hard. There's plenty of nudity at the beginning but the characters are kind of crummy and the plot is too nonsensical to be even the least bit satisfying.
critique5568 Let me tell you a story.<br /><br />One day on the streets of Athens a film director bumped into a male prostitute and decided that the world just HAD to know his story because...you know... he's deprived...and he takes his shirt off a lot and...so on.<br /><br />This film is the result of his revelation. Repulsive depraved homophobic misogynist...but of course filled with pretty guys with their chests showing. If this is your idea of a good film then enjoy if not avoid it like the plague.<br /><br />It's put me off ever going to Greece that's for sure.
critique5569 I was looking over our DVD tower last night for something to watch. We were between NetFlix mailings and it was a quiet Saturday night. I pulled one out that I never heard of before and realized it was borrowed from a friend. From the jacket it sounded like a rip-off of "The Big Chill" but with the all-star cast felt it might be worth watching. Boy was I wrong!!! Not only was it like "The Big Chill" it was a rip-off almost character by character. The Bill Paxton character was a copy of William Hurt ("where have you been all this time" role) -spoiler warning- and lo and behold he remains behind to take care of the old place(cabin/camp). Kimberly Williams = Meg Tilly; jerk womanizer Matt Craven = Jeff Goldblum etc. etc. I found myself wondering why I'm even watching these people. There was insufficient character development for me to find any interest in them. How did "Unca Lou" even find these characters after 20 years? Plus it wasn't even funny except when Perkins fell err 'flopped' out of bed the first morning it was a sign and I missed it. After it was over I asked my wife "Were there any endearing characters in this film? ... Are you sleeping over there?" She replied "No I'm still thinking...No none I can think of."
critique5570 This film was so amateurish I could hardly believe what I was seeing. It is shot on VIDEO! NOT film! I have not seen the likes of this since the early 70's when late night networks showed movie of the week 'horror flicks' shot in......video. It looks like a bad soap opera and that is paying it a compliment. Some of the actors give it their best shot. Michael Des Barres does okay with what he is given to do which is to act like a sex addict out of control. I can't say that it is pleasant to watch.<br /><br />Nastassja Kinski as the therapist sits in a chair for practically the entire film with very little variation in camera angles. I can't fault her for someone else's poor blocking but she is totally unbelievable in her role. Her little girl voice works against her here. And I consider myself a Nastassja Kinski fan. She is certainly ageless and exotic but she's outside her range with this.<br /><br />Alexandra Paul is pathetically overwrought. Every line she delivers is with three exclamation points. Someone must have directed her to scream at all costs. Why would Michael Des Barres want to have sex with such a raging shrew?<br /><br />Finally Rosanna Arquette as the sweet maligned wife comes off okay and probably the most believable of the bunch. But that is not saying much.<br /><br />This has to be the worst film I have seen in years.
critique5571 This film was utterly horrible. Stupid premise and horrible acting by all. Whoever wrote this trash should be hanged. Reminds me of a hack student film BUT WORSE. Who ever produced this should give up now. I know opinions are subjective and all and some may think this "fantastic" as some think "Dune (1984)" was fantastic well get off your horse and watch some real films. OK the acting was tolerable and with better direction could have been far better but it didn't so it suffers. I don't know how much more I can say about this waste of film other than to totally trash it. Anyways it was horrible and I recommend to avoid it like the plague if you come anywhere near "dreamland" rent the movie beside it instead.
critique5572 Exceptionally silly actioner with braindead leads in a story which would have suited a fill-in issue of Spiderman. The action sequences never really flow as they should leaving some cool bits orphaned in a sea of sound and fury signifying nothing. I really wonder how they'll release this one in the West. Sam Lee overacts like crazy newcomer Edison Chan doesn't display any acting talent yet. The robot is clunky and not very impressive and the CGI effects (though done by US sfx-people) are ridiculous totally destroying any remaining suspension of disbelief. I am NOT looking forward to Gen-Z Cops...
critique5573 Wait till you watch this one.... I mean even after reading this review. No other movie till date has sucked more than this one.... One thing i wont understand is that when you are ripping off some English flick why to add your own creativity? With the amount spent for making this movie the producers should have considered buying rights for "Cellular" to be dubbed into Hindi and released the movie. They might have gotten some profits that way i guess. If there was a chance to rate this movie with a 0 i would have done it and the most pathetic performances come from Tanushree Datta and the girl who played the sidekick to Aftab. I don't know if my problem is that i have seen Cellular much earlier than this movie..... but that cant be a reason to support this movie... i could go on for hours but neither i have the time to discuss about this useless crap of a movie not i want to remember those awful scenes from the movie.....<br /><br />please stay away from this flick.
critique5574 An interesting concept vampirism having something to do with a virus.(but done several times by now) Overall the movie is too long and drags a bit. The editing could have been tighter. I am sorry to hear about the problem with the credits. Maybe the movie was rushed to market. The lighting was too dark in places. But the worst technical problem is the audio. The level was good enough to hear the dialog but many of the interiors have a echo sound to them which is very distracting. Either they were not careful in the recording or the sound mixing could have been better. Also too much background noise got through. The should have gotten someone to do sound effects for the martial arts scenes. The tinny clank of swords hitting together was not the sound of an epic battle. Especially in the combat scenes the editing needed to be tighter.<br /><br />Also the acting was a bit flat. I am sorry but when I see that the same person writes and stars in a movie in my experience it is a red flag.<br /><br />But it was a good effort so I gave it a 4.
critique5575 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5576 Fantastic Mr. Fox is a comedy based on the classic Roald Dahl book. Wes Anderson directs and respectably takes the short book of the same name to the big screen in a full length film. While I respect what Anderson an incredibly talented man did the film seemed to have gotten lost in its own clever spirit. Anderson seems to have left the story behind knowing that he is a talented man and if this happened to be a bad film it would be his first bad film. Just like when you go to school and have your first bad day this is Anderson's first bad day in film making so I am going to let him off easy. I will admit it did have a cleverness and nice spirit to it and the animation is nice but the film gets progressively harder to get into leaving the story behind and having random shots of random things happening. The characters are good also. Jason Schwartzman voices Mr. Fox (George Clooney)'s smart ass son Ash and especially engaging. The film does not quite make it up to a level of terribleness but it certainly gets closer and closer as it goes along. I'm sure Wes Anderson will get back on track with another amazing film when and where he decides to make another film but for now I'm sorry Wes Anderson this film of yours was a big disappointment.
critique5577 Why spend a moment slogging through this awkward and self-conscious movie? Every now and then after an hour of tedious plot and amateur acting we start getting bits and pieces of the big band swing that made Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey separately and together the great musicians they were. Occasionally -- in a jam session with Art Tatum with Tommy Dorsey and his orchestra doing "Marie" and a standout Jimmy Dorsey and his orchestra fronting Bob Eberle and Helen O'Connell singing "Green Eyes" -- we get a complete song. <br /><br />Unfortunately the movie is in the public domain and the DVD transfer is just as bad as the acting. My copy has only four chapter stops. That means you can get arthritis in your fast- forward finger trying to speed through to where the good stuff is. The swamp you're moving through is Hollywood's version of the life and battles of the two Dorseys. Tommy superb on trombone and Jimmy superb on saxophone usually couldn't stand each other. In 1935 they finally split with Tommy starting his own orchestra. Each had greater success alone than they had achieved together. They reconciled when their father died in the Forties which is where the movie ends. They later managed to tolerate each other in the orchestra led by Tommy as the big band era faded out in the Fifties. Tommy died in 1956 at age 51 vomiting in his sleep after booze pills and a big meal. Jimmy died of cancer at 53 in 1957. Jimmy was hugely talented and from all accounts a reasonably easy-going guy. Tommy was hugely talented and from all accounts often an overbearing jerk. But good music makes up for a lot of faults and the Big Band sounds the two created helped define the swing era. <br /><br />They play themselves in the movie and we see them develop from tussling tykes (with child actors) to grown men battling and yammering at each other. The movie is lumbered with not just their two parents played by those Hollywood Irish clichÃƒÂ©s Sara Allgood and Arthur Shields who just want their boys to get along with each other but also with a major sub- story involving a romance between Janet Blair as a childhood friend of the Dorseys who becomes a vocalist with them and serves as a nearly full-time mediator and enabler and William Lundigan as a piano player. Blair is not bad at all. However if you want to see why she never became the star she quite probably should have become just look at the films like this one that her studio put her in. No wonder she left Hollywood. Lundigan simply takes up space. <br /><br />How bad is this movie other than when we can actually hear the Dorseys play? Well here's a song written especially for the movie and given to Blair to warble. It's called "To Me." <br /><br />To me...you're the rose of a rosary...the rise of a rising sea...the glow of a star... <br /><br />The rose of a rosary? The movie doesn't get any better than this and it can't get worse. Still if you like the Dorseys and if the price is right...well in hindsight I'd still not buy it. The highlight for me is Eberle and O'Connell singing "Green Eyes." You can watch them on You Tube for free. You'll also find there quite a bit of each of the Dorseys. I wish I'd known.
critique5578 Oh noes one of these attack of the Japanese ghost girl movies... i don't even remember how many i've seen. maybe it sells... but not to me. not scary at all. the japanese horror movies are have been very similar since the first one of these... also the pulling of the kid. i have seen that pulled under scene so many times in so many horror movies. cellphone scene is also nothing new... the dramaticness of the guy getting hit by a train kinda sucked... i mean it lacked all dramaticness... OK this is for kids 14-16 who listen to japanese rock and think they are so unique... we'll let me tell you. there's a million of you =D this is one of them. 3/10 i've seen worse but you won't be missing anything by NOT seeing this!
critique5579 Unfortunately for me the first Busby Berkeley movie I ever watched was "42nd Street." I then expected all of his stuff to be that good. I found out that wasn't necessarily the case even here with my all-time favorite classic-era actor James Cagney.<br /><br />Oh the musical numbers at the end are as spectacular as always but the story is like many of the others and quite tiresome. They seem to always involve screaming unhappy show producers. In this film it's Cagney who winds up shouting things out so often that he gives me a headache after awhile and his character wears thin....fast!<br /><br />Even the songs in here are anywhere near "42nd Street" class songs you could hum for years and years - decades I should say. The songs in this movie are not memorable. No this is one of the few early Cagney films - and Berkeley films - I totally dislike and was very disappointed with while watching.
critique5580 I thought Choke had potential but I thought it could have been a much better film. It had some interesting twists and turns but some of them seemed kind of pointless. When showing background on the two main characters some of that really seemed to go awry. Most of it was sort of useless and didn't help the movie at all. This was also not Dennis Hopper's finest hour. However the main saving grace of this movie for me was Michael Madsen. His performance was excellent. In this movie he almost makes Mr. Blonde look like a nice guy. All in all it was watchable. Still I was left thinking some things could have been done differently. These things would have made the movie much better in my opinion.
critique5581 This is the first time I ever saw a movie with Jamie Foxx and I bet it will be my last. I failed to see why he was funny although people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera or for saying "I am going to take a shower".<br /><br />The plot is completely predictable. The bad guy comes after the good guy. The good guy has a woman so the bad guy uses her. In between the officials screwing up. The final scenes are utterly unbelievable. You spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy but you don't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle?<br /><br />There's no great acting there isn't much of a plot or storyline and the shooting is done MTV style. Don't waste your money on this one.<br /><br />
critique5582 If you wondered whether Disney could broadcast a show with a character more spoiled than Paris more shallow than Britney more vapid than Jessica and more narcissistic than THE GIRLS NEXT DOOR wonder no more. The amazing thing is Selena Gomez is apparently supposed to be the heroine. She's also supposed to be an outcast from the spoiled shallow vapid narcissistic "popular" girls at school which is no more believable here than it was for Hilary Duff in LIZZIE McGUIRE. Plots range from recycled BEWITCHED & I DREAM OF JEANNIE to "parodies" of HARRY POTTER. The older boy alternates between being a magical genius and being unable to master the complexities of his own shoelaces. The younger boy is just another of the smart-mouth "wisecracking" brats who have multiplied on TV like cockroaches in New York (and with the same appeal). The dad is the stereotypical dumb TV dad and the mom... well she's not totally awful. But all pales beside the hideous loathsome and yet horribly fascinating (like a bad car accident) spectacle of Ms. Lopez' smug self-satisfied snotty performance . And again she's the HEROINE.
critique5583 I have loved the book "A Little Princess" for most of my life and was very excited that there was a movie. But I was appalled at this adaptation. Not only is the acting wooden and the plot a convoluted mish mash of various incidents in the book but the theme is all wrong. The real theme of the story should be that a girl can be a princess only when she behaves like one as Sara does when she gives 5 of her 6 buns to a beggar child even when she herself is very hungry. The theme of the movie seems to be that all girls are princesses which cheapens Sara's actions considerably and seems more like it should be written on a Hallmark card than applied to this story.<br /><br />There are many other things wrong with this movie- too many to list but here are just a few of the larger ones: This story should be set in Britian in the mid 1800s not America during the first world war. Miss Minchen is harsh to Sara from the start making her actions when Sara is left penniless much less startling than they would be if she was syrupy sweet at the beginning as she is supposed to be. Nowhere is it mentioned that Becky is black. Sara's father does *not* come back he is dead. It is his closest friend and collaborator in the diamond mines who finds Sara and restores her to her proper place. In fact the diamond mines are not even mentioned at all though they are the source of Sara's wealth.<br /><br />All through everything that Sara has faced she always acts like a Princess giving what she can and forgiving those who hurt her. She would never have called Lavinia a "snotty two faced bully". Such a thing is completely out of character for her and undermines the entire philosophy that she is to be well behaved no matter what.<br /><br />This is by far the worst adaptation of a book to the screen that I have ever seen (with the notable exceptions of "Ella Enchanted" and "Anne of Green Gables the Continuing Story")The plot of the book is wonderful and skillfully written so I do not understand why the director felt that it needed to be changed to make it interesting. I would suggest that anyone wishing to know this story should watch the 1987 version which is far superior. Or better still read the book. It will be more worth your time than the hour and a half wasted on this version on the movie.
critique5584 Well what can be said about a "horror comedy" that features neither horror nor comedy? There are no characters in the film but much too many plot lines - all underdeveloped and mostly superfluous.<br /><br />The computer generated creatures look bad a bit like Disney versions of oversized rats without a tail. The walking dead are the biggest rip-off apart from the title the shall look like the dead in Landis' movie but are far removed. They just look like bad actors with abit of plastic and bull's blood added.<br /><br />Two plot lines really showed some promise (the love story and the "company" story) but failed as miserably as the director the writers the SFX department the production and the actors.
critique5585 I am still trying to determine whether the previous installment was worse than this one or vice versa. Being that it is nearly fifteen years since I saw this film the fact that I remember so little about it does not bode well. Perhaps it is simply because I only watched it once or twice but I doubt it. If there was anything worth remembering about this film you can rest assured I would remember it.<br /><br />At the time this film was released the franchise was still entering its dying phase so a lot of media coverage was allotted to it. It's never a good sign when teenie pop magazines contain explanations of the plot basics. One such article had to explain that Freddy was left too weak to infest the dreams of grown humans so he decides to go after Alice's unborn son. So far so good but this is the job of the writer or the director to explain to the audience. It should not be left to some unrelated publication.<br /><br />Making use of the trivia given in part three about Freddy's conception one could half expect scenes that would lift this joke out of the "horror for infants" category but alas that was not to be. It goes to show the sheer idiocy of the American ratings system that a piece of B'harni-esque garbage like this could get the same rating as a genuinely frightening piece like the original.<br /><br />By this time the franchise could not attract anyone with an active career. Fortunately or unfortunately depending on how you look at it Lisa Wilcox was there to provide a quotient of competent acting. Or perhaps she just looks competent by comparison to the rest of the cast. Either way given that her last role was in something called The All New Adventures of Chastity Blade I doubt she really had anything else going for her. Even poor old Robert Englund has been in better productions than that in the past fifteen years.<br /><br />Given that box office returns were in a steady decline and not just for this franchise at the time one would have thought that the studios would realize neutering their films does not make them more saleable. In fact this particular film like its immediate predecessor was so neutered that not only did it fail to attract a new audience both succeeded in alienating the core audience that originally supported the franchise. Despite this part five must be given some credit for not having the bright luminescent feeling that made part four so insulting to look at.<br /><br />I gave A Nightmare On Elm Street Part Five a one out of ten. By trying to appeal to everyone or the MPAA's idea of everyone it succeeds in appealing to noone. Like parts two and four one could erase it from the continuity entirely and nobody would notice the difference.
critique5586 First they ruin it with the uniquely bad animation quality then they get voices that sound nothing like the original. They make sooo many movie mistakes. When Sasha is singing in Count Me Out the drummer disappears and then reappears Itchy's shirt keeps changing color his hat keeps changing position one of the bridge is white everyone in the background appears fat halos keep changing colors and appearing and disappearing. Even heaven appears different. I don't give a damn if this is a low budget film they shouldn't cut corners on animation. They completely ruined the first ADGTH. The only good thing about this movie was the soundtrack.
critique5587 It hasn't even been two years since I first saw this film and yet I can barely remember a thing about this movie. Needless to say I found it to be VERY forgettable. Of what I do remember nothing stands out as particularly good. A talented cast is wasted in what I suppose was meant to be a dark comedy but if that is the case it fails miserably. At best this film is mildly interesting. At worst the seemingly omnipresent overcast skies are more interesting than the storyline. If you like watching films where it always seems damp and cool then I guess you may find something to like in this picture. Just try to ignore what else is going on because it is barely watchable.
critique5588 Among the many accolades here for this production there was one individual whose comments asked if he/she were the only one (who wasn't that enthralled by it) - i.e. giving this film 3 stars. However the comment went on to indicate an overall liking of the story and other production of same. Well this person isn't the "only one" who didn't like this production (include me!) but there I part company even with him/her. If you put a gun to my head and asked me to make a choice between your shooting me or watching this flick again I'd watch it certainly - but I'd probably spend 10 seconds thinking about it. I'd much prefer being locked into solitary confinement or having to watch paint dry on a wall though. Further I wouldn't want to see this story again anytime anywhere or in any alternative presentation. Sometimes you feel like comedian George Gobel's "pair of brown shoes when the rest of the world is a tuxedo" and this is one of those for me. I liked Angela Lansbury in a favorite movie of mine "Long Hot Summer" and while not a huge fan of the show enjoyed "Murder She Wrote." But HERE -- I not only didn't care for the story or other aspects but I found Angela's squealing squawking singing and everything else about her over-the-top performance perhaps the MOST ANNOYING presence in any movie (or presentation in any other media) I've ever experienced. It was like an unending continuation of Audrey Hepburn's equally "over-the top" Cockney chortling at Rex Harrison - in the earlier portions of "My Fair Lady." But that was incident to the plot presented for light comedic effect and (mercifully) brief. Unmercifully this was anything but brief and to me seemed as if it had gone-on for about 10 hours (Einstein's layman's explanation of "relativity" at work.) If I hadn't been with friends with the necessity to remain MY viewing would have been brief. I laughed though at the "Seinfeld" episode where Elaine pisses everyone off because she tells them how much she disliked "The English Patient." My friends somewhat regarded me the same way when I interrupted their waxing ecstatically over this movie. Give me some dragging fingernails loudly over a chalk board anytime instead.
critique5589 Worst Movie I Have Ever Seen! 90 Minutes of excruciating film-making. All the ingredients to make this movie a true work of CRAP. Bad acting bad directing bad storytelling bad makeup bad dialogue bad effects and bad reasoning behind certain actions taken by the characters. It also threw in a terrible naked shot of a dumb blond and a breast shot of a stupid Asian girl and both attempts were just scary since these girls are ugly. Some good horror movies came out of the 80s but this could never be considered one of them. Kevin Tenney also committed one of the greatest sins in storytelling: he introduced characters at the end of the movie (an Old Man and Old Woman). I would vote for it below a 1 out of 10 but the voting system doesn't work that way apparently. Right from the title sequence I knew it would suck and I would return my DVD but Best Buy doesn't refund DVDs or consumable products as they call it or so my receipt says. I have "The Dunwich Horror" and that was truly god-awful but I still feel that "Night of the Demons" (an obvious Evil Dead RIP-OFF) was far worse than "Dunwich Horror." This is just like "The Howling" how in the hell could sequels get milked out of this anorexic cow??? Save your money and get the "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" (just don't get any of its sequels though) or "The Evil Dead" or "Dawn of the Dead." "Night of the Demons" is a very very very bad investment. Every second of it was just maddening excruciating pain for the audience because the whole movie all-around was horrible! Do yourself a favor DON'T SEE IT! You'll be saving some brain cells.
critique5590 I would hate to have anyone watch this "inspired by a true story" movie and draw any conclusions about the true event. Few things they did get right were overshadowed by the things that were just not true. Ed Gein never dragged anyone behind a car never met up with anyone at the graveyard and killed them no proof he returned body parts to the graveyard. The things he did were awful enough why try to make it worse? <br /><br />This movie ranks among my 10 worst wastes of eye strain. "In the Light of the Moon" is a much better film on the subject it is more factual and the acting is superior in contrast to this one.
critique5591 I will give it a 3 just because it showed history that we need to know about to prevent it from happening again. I agree with the comments from the gentleman from UK. The movie was pretty terrible. All clichÃƒÂ© no real plot. Historical and technical inaccuracies abound. Look up the technical specs on DE 529 or any Everts class Destroyer Escort and you will see what I mean. I now its black history month in the US and Im going to be called a racist just for saying this but the history of this ship is not that great. They did some escort work chased a "submarine" that turned out to be a hulk that they rammed. Sorry but black people did a lot more in WWII then this silly movie gives them credit for. This movie makes them look like whiners. Let the name calling commence I can handle it.
critique5592 a movie that attempts to be far smarter than its makers are capable of producing. the movie twists and turns through miriad plot "surprises" at a desperate attempt to kep the audience guessing offcourse puncturing the "plot" with steamy scenes they thought would help it along.<br /><br />james belushi is involved in this pseudo-intellectual attempt and just sleep walks through the movie. the same applies for the other "actors". the plot is quite silly and tacky. whih in itelf is not such a crime but towards the end the tremendous plot-twists get very tiresome and boring.<br /><br />however the movie does manage to generate some interest in the middle. in all worth a lazy watch on a really boring day but don't fret if you miss this one.<br /><br />a rather lame 4!
critique5593 This infamous ending to Koen Wauters' career came to my attention through the 'Night of Bad Taste'. Judging by the comment index i wasn't the first and i am not to be the last person in Western Europe to learn that this musician (undoubtedly one of the best on our contemporary pop scene even the Dutch agree on that) tried to be an actor. Whether he should have made the attempt or not cannot be judged. <br /><br />In 'Intensive Care' he's quite likable but he seems to be uncomfortable with the flick in which he is participating. No one can blame him. It deserves its ranking in Verheyen's Hall of Fame by all means & standards. The story of the Murderous Maniac Who is Supposed To Have Died In An Accident But Is Alive And Wrathful has been told dozens of times before and even without original twists a director can deliver a more than mediocre story through innovative settings and cinematography.<br /><br /> IC contents itself with a hospital wing and a couple of middle class houses. The pace is dull. The tension looses the last bit of its credibility to the musical score for every appearance of the murderer is accompagnied by a tedious menacing melody followed by orchestral outbursts during the murders which or largely suggested and in any case as bloodless as a small budget can make them. The sex scene is gratuitous but not in the least appealing. The couple from Amsterdamned could have made it work though. While dealing with the couple subject : the whole subplot between Wauters and the girl does not work. A more effective emotional connection could have been established on screen if they had just been fellow victims-to-be who loosen their nerves halfway through physical intercourse. I will not even grant the other cast members the dignity of a mentioning for they should all have been chopped up into tiny greasy pieces. As a matter of fact most of them do. The ones i recall where obvious for the genre : a pretty nurse and two cops. <br /><br />Hence in a slasher the cavalry only comes in time to need rescue itself. The (anti-) hero has to take out the villain mostly through clever thinking for former red berets don't often get parts in these films; they might overcome the illusion of invincibility that surrounds the killer. Translated to the events Wauters kills the doctor and saves the dame in distress. <br /><br />No people i am not finished. This is not how the story goes. Wauters makes his heroic attempt but gets beaten up with a fury that comes close to "A Clockwork Orange" so it is up to the girl to pick up the driller killer act and pierce through the doctors brains. Though this method ensures the killer's death more than the usual rounds of 9mm bullets the doctor survives in order to enable IC to reach the 80 min mark.<br /><br />I should have made my point by now. Intensive Care is a bad movie which can only be enjoyed by Bad Taste lovers who can verify Verheyen's catchy statements and make some up for themselves and that way try to sit through it. For example the (unintended) parody value of the doctor's clown mask (Halloween) and the final confrontation in the park (the chase at the end of Friday the 13th).<br /><br />However let me conclude by giving an overview by a few measly elements which give IC a little credit. George Kennedy is not one of them. All he has to do is endure a horrible monologue by a fellow doctor/French actor and look horrified when they let him go down in flames in order to tag his big name on a stand-in. He could have played his Naked Gun part again to end up as beef but with a longer screen time. The finale may be one of them. I had never seen a maniac being brought down by launching fireworks into his guts in order to crush him against a flexible fence. It is good for a laugh.<br /><br />Name one good truly point about Intensive Care ... Koen Wauters learned his lesson and devoted himself entirely to his musical career. It makes me wonder how many editions of the Paris-Dakar race he has to abort before coming to his senses.<br /><br />
critique5594 Try not to see this one. I thought it was going to be good because I'm a fan of cheesy 80's films and I've enjoyed quite a bit of Linnea Quigley's work. I was wrong. I should have said "no" and watched Gigli instead which is probably a far better film. I guess my biggest problem with this film was its attempt at humor. Nothing about it was funny or even close to funny. The acting is bad even for the queen of cheesy 80's films. There is no story just random clips. I guess I shouldn't hate it so much because it was just made as a fun and silly piece but I didn't have any fun and I wasn't entertained once. I even had to fast forward to the ending to get through all of the crap. I'm sorry but I don't find zombies doing aerobics funny.
critique5595 The good things first: I agree with another viewer who said that Gene Raymond has a marvelous drunk scene. He does -- I was tickled to finally get a chance to laugh. And there were other moments I found amusing -- Raymond's parents in the bathroom with the defective plumbing and the scene in the restaurant with Robert Montgomery trying to make Carole Lombard jealous by mouthing sweet nothings to a stranger. <br /><br />But overall I was dismayed. I love Carol Lombard and most of Hitchcock. And I understand the restrictions laid on productions by the Hays Code. But this was embarrassing and awful to watch. Of course I knew they'd end up together this is a romantic comedy after all. But it made no sense it happened too fast. Plus I can't believe the professions of love when confronted with such hurtful behavior both physical and confrontational.
critique5596 If this film is an accurate display of J. Smits acting skills I think he made a big mistake leaving television. Hasn't he watched any films "starring" David Caruso especially "Cold Around the Heart"? Along the lines of acting ability what about Mary-Louise she has done much much better. Yes it is a terrible script ineptly edited and totally lacking in continuity but skilled actors can and have overcome similar obstacles. A very big disappointment.
critique5597 This film was okay but like most TV series it would of been better if it just made for television. The best and most loved characters only had five minute roles whilst the three mediocre characters were all the way through the film.<br /><br />Unlike most British movies that are based on television series this film does kick off and it seems to be on to a winner but the pace suddenly stops when the three mediocre characters are in the real world waiting to capture the three comedians.<br /><br />The film then doesn't go anywhere when Hillary in a room with the captured Steve Lipp masquerading as Steve and Geoff somehow writing himself in to the Medieval times. Which made me think 'hang on? How come he doesn't need a key to enter in to that world unlike the Royston Vasey characters? The medieval scene was okay but Monty Python did it a lot better and of course funnier with cameos from Peter Kay and Simon Pegg both didn't say anything funny Kay had a line and Pegg just sat up on wall looking bored.<br /><br />What also grated me was that they seem to forget what happened in the previous episodes such as Hillary escaped to the Caribbean in the television in series 2 but in the film he's escaped from prison and also Lipp is a paedophile vampire which wasn't mentioned at all in the movie which was also quite disturbing when he's left alone looking after the children.<br /><br />There were lots of plot holes and unexplained situations such as how did Geoff and the Dark One escape from the Medieval times back in to Royston Vasey? Like Series 3 it started of good but as the film progressed it slowly went downhill and had a very weak predictable ending.<br /><br />They would of been better off doing what Monty Python did and remade all their best and classic sketches from Series 1-3 and the Christmas special and turned that in to a film which would of re-introduced the characters to a whole new audience who can't be asked to watch the series or to tight to buy the DVDs.<br /><br />Best advice is save your money and wait till it's on television..... Where it belongs.
critique5598 Margaret Mitchell spins in her grave every time somebody watches this mess! Fine costuming and sets can't even begin to overwhelm lackluster performances by Joanne Whalley (as the title character) and the ever-bland Timothy Dalton (as Rhett). Even worse than the acting--and perhaps partially explaining it--is the script which is astoundingly cliched and predictable. Add to that hellishly bad script a score that'll have you cringing and you've got a disaster I wouldn't wish on any viewer. SCARLETT is just amazingly lousy and I can't imagine how it ever got made much less made it to video.
critique5599 In this horrible attempt at a Blair Witch mockumentary a bunch of people go to Africa to investigate a creature called the Half-Caste. It's pretty obvious that there was no script to speak of and that everything was improvised. That can work if you have good actors which this film didn't. <br /><br />This movie tries to gain points for originality by exploring a more obscure myth and an exotic culture. As a result there are a lot of scenes out in the bush where characters do "quirky African stuff" like eating elephant dung. There is also some pretty good footage of lions eating (from a National Geographic perspective) but there's not a single scare in the whole movie. <br /><br />If you've seen Cannibal Holocaust or the Blair Witch Project this movie will hold no surprises for you and you can probably watch better lion footage on the Discovery Channel.<br /><br />Definitely a Half- Aste effort. <br /><br />A note to the filmmakers: guys do us all a favor and next time save the "How I spent my African Vacation" home movie for your family and close friends. Nobody else wants to see it.
critique5600 The story line has been rehashed a number of times; "a breath of life in the retirement home". Several plays movies novels short stories poems and news articles have beat the subject to no end but it's still an excellent platform for character studies.<br /><br />If 'Gideon' was crafted more enthusiastically it could be brilliant but the dialogue is painfully boring and the story is absolutely flooded with cliches (even the subtitle and summary of Gideon's "simple wisdom" almost made me laugh in its ineffectiveness). Mostly indifferent acting is the final straw for this weak film but the rest of it is bland enough to make the actors' lack of focus almost irrelevant.
critique5601 Bad script? Check. Awful effects? Check. Horrible actors? Check. Lame direction? Check.<br /><br />After seeing the DVD box at blockbuster video and being a fan of the horror genre I placed my $4.28 on the line and rented this "film." My girlfriend was out of town and I was bored so on a late Tuesday night I decided this would be a perfect time for me to watch what appeared to be (based on the box cover art) a horror movie. What I got instead was the worst film ever made. Up until that point I had always declared "Slumber Party Massacre 3" the worst film ever made.<br /><br />If you are the type that wants to see a movie because you heard how bad it is this is for you. If you don't want to lose $4.00 and 80 irreplaceable minutes of your life steer clear of this garbage.<br /><br />An added note: I noticed a few of the "actors" come on here and post comments on the bulletin board. How can you brag about being in this film? You were all horrible. I mean really bad. If there was an American Idol for actors you all would be laughed at in the first few episodes.<br /><br />Peace.<br /><br />Sutter Cain
critique5602 The female lead was a terrible actress which made the whole movie mediocre. She was smiling too much when she first went in front of the cameras to talk about her daughter. This should have made the police suspect her. I would have been inconsolable in the identical situation. She seemed way calm for a mother who could not find her daughter. It was as if she did not want to even be in the movie. Jennifer Aniston would have played the part better. And it would have made a lot more money for such a controversial important subject. Everyone else was excellent. I don't know where the lead actress is but I hope she got some acting lessons.
critique5603 The movie is bad. Nothing special - just a "kid" movie with no serious thing in it. There is though one reason to watch this for: the animal talk. Some of them are so funny in what they say you just can't stop laughing. So if you want to hear a dog in the dog pound saying "I'm Keyser Soze" or another animal saying "You're a dead cat walking" or many other funny one liners see it. Cause there's no other good movie to watch it. Vote: 4 out of 10.
critique5604 I have to confess right off that I have never been a fan of Rodney Dangerfield. Indeed from me he gets "no respect." I watched this only because my wife wanted to see it and found exactly what I expected: a stupid story without any real humour. It's full of lame crude jokes and a totally ridiculous plot revolving around a developer's (Dangerfield) plans to build a ski resort in Utah that just didn't capture my attention at all.<br /><br />In addition to Dangerfield the film starred a weak cast including the likes of Andrew Dice Clay and the totally over the hill John Byner (I didn't even know he was still around until I saw his name in the credits for this.)<br /><br />This truly is a Dangerfield disaster.<br /><br />2/10
critique5605 This movie is the worst movie i have ever seen... it is humorous how bad it is.. the entire time i was watching it i half expected music to start and the doctor starts dancing..(i've seen porno's with a better plot) When the raptor was trying to get in the door i think someone was throwing a plastic doll against the door from about 2 feet away. But as i said it is so bad you need to watch it so that you can see just how bad it is me explaining it isn't going to do anything compared to if you watch it .. i don't recommend renting it but if it comes on TV watch it for about 30min just to see what i mean. I couldn't watch more than 30min but if you can sit through the whole thing then you have some good willpower
critique5606 From the epicenter of the cultural globe four working class teenagers attempted to change the world through music and fashion. It was the final attempt to do so last century and they failed. Before the dust had cleared band manager and SEX shop proprietor Malcolm McLaren spent the money The Sex Pistols had earned to make a "mockumentary" about his own role in their success. The film was called The Great Rock 'n Roll Swindle (take the hint) and consists of very little footage of The Sex Pistols actually playing music and quite a lot of footage of McLaren effectively calling the audience idiots.<br /><br />Cod-surrealist nonsense in which guitarist Steve Jones is a detective on McLaren's tail soon dissolves so he and drummer Paul Cook can jet off to Rio and spend time with "great train robber" Ronnie Biggs. Ready yourself for the spectacle of three very unappealing men dancing naked to a hideous irony-free version of "Belsen was a Gas" (a song about killing Jews for gold in Bergen-Belsen concentration camp) and another song sung in Ronnie's tone deaf whine which includes the lyrics "God save Myra Hindley God save Ian Brady" (lyrics that Johnny Rotten would have considered distasteful). The Sid Vicious scenes are few and idiotic. Jumping out of bed in a thong with a swastika over the testicles to sing some bad boy biker song from the '50s. Playing into to the "Punk's a joke" theme of the movie in an attempt to turn Sid into James Dean. I'm surprised McLaren doesn't take credit for Siddy's death too. The redeeming scenes are those of Sid in Paris and the infamous performance of My Way. The punk rock zeitgeist right there. Mocking an adoring audience before shooting them all. No need for an entire film just watch that clip on YouTube.<br /><br />From Julien Temple's far superior (and more enjoyable) 2001 documentary followup The Filth and the Fury we were given a more balanced/honest view of what transpired in '78. But there were also a number of scenes that I would have liked to have seen in Swindle (as Fury was basically a reediting of the same material). One was an animated Sid complete with Sid's voice acting; "You f*cken betta wat'ch out alright or I'll slice you open" - a still of which appeared on the cover of the Something Else 7 inch - a snippet was shown in Fury but I don't know what context that originally appeared. Was it in original prints but removed after Sid's death? Was there more? Fury also shed light on the film Who Killed Bambi which would have been the mock Hard Day's Night movie McLaren was originally intending to make. It starred Sting(!) as a member of a gay New Romantics group and looked a damn sight more entertaining than Swindle.<br /><br />Sod Swindle t'is a swindle. If you must rent The Filth and The Fury and revel in music's failure as a world changing polemic.
critique5607 If you just want gore and nothing but gore and torture you've come to the right movie. If you want a at least a sliver of good acting logic story consistencies or even a good guy ending go elsewhere.<br /><br />I couldn't help but to think to myself "Jeeeez are those people mentally challenged?" Example after being chased around and seeing other people mutilated the main actress meets a police officer and spills out her story to the cop with tears and everything and told him about the psychopath that drives in a yellow truck. THe yellow truck pulls up and the officer just walks to it talks to the guy and the truck drives off without any trouble. The actress comes out and says why didn't you arrest him? And then the truck runs over the police officer... after being rammed the truck stops on the road about 20 feet way just standing there while the actress tries to drag the cop away but he's too heavy. (At the time) At that time the truck backs up and runs over the cops leg twice. The truck then drives off. Why didn't the actress get the gun is beyond me. (WHich later she shoots the cop in the head twice because the psychopath was about to burn him alive) Once through the mouth which didn't kill him (Duuuumb) and twice to finish the job. *Roll eyes* Right after that she turns away to escape the bathroom which was going to explode and when she climbs near the roof she turns around and the cop isn't there anymore... OK...<br /><br />Another example The main actress meets a trapped woman in the bathroom she spits out like a gallon of blood on the floor covering about 1/3s of the room. (Probably more) After the main actress goes outside to grab a towel she comes back in and everything is gone. :/ They don't explain why everyone keeps disappearing either. Dumb dumb dumb.<br /><br />I like horror/thriller/gore movies but this one was just way too dumb. I lost brain cells watching this dribble and you shouldn't too.
critique5608 Very strange but occasionally elegant exploitation movie with no real story but benefiting from its stunningly ravishing lead actress and a handful of nice gruesome make-up effects. Daniella is a beautiful twenty-something girl carrying with her the trauma of being raped at the age of 13. Nightmares and hallucinations lead her further into believing she's the reincarnation of a female ancestor who was said to be a werewolf. She kills her brother-in-law during a nightly encounter and gets submitted in a hospital. She escapes again however and randomly devours more men whilst on the run for police detectives doctors and relatives. It's all pretty to look at and listen too (really great soundtrack) but the absence of plot and continuity become irritating quite fast. Luckily enough leading lady Annik Borel rarely ever wears clothes and she fills up the boring moments by dancing naked around a fire. The film is too long too weird and too forgettable. The biggest surprise comes at the end when suddenly and out of the blue director Rino Di Silvestro tries to make us believe that his movie was based on true facts. Yeah right...
critique5609 '1408' is the latest hodge podge of cheap scare tactics. The kind that might make date-movie styled horror fans occasionally jump in their seat and scream in your ear but disappoint audiences searching for a little depth and direction.<br /><br />John Cusak plays a writer who's made a career of writing books describing his experiences of staying in rumored haunted hotels. Despite assurances by patrons and owners that ghosts roam the halls there is little to make him a real believer in the paranormal. When he learns of the history of Room 1408 at the Overlook Hotel--no wait I mean Dolphin Hotel in New York City--he decides it would make the perfect closing chapter to his latest book. But Samuel L. Jackson playing the hotel owner strongly attempts to dissuade his guest with narration of the atrocities that have occurred in theat room since the hotel's opening many years ago. The story is simple and we as possible skeptics must sit through Jackson's lengthy foreshadowing ramble. <br /><br />In other words: be afraid! Be very afraid!<br /><br />Of course it would be easy to convince audiences that they've just paid to see an edge-of-the-seat thriller if it didn't take so long to build up to this point. And also if what followed was a lot more than cheap "boos" that become so frequent and arbitrary that eventually you might soon expect them. The temperature in the room changes automatically. The walls drip with blood. The fearless writer can't open the door etc. And after nearly an hour and a half of delivering these to audiences promised big thrills you might sit and hope that at least you can be wowed by the ending. With suspicions of dream sequences and other derivative time-wasters even that fails to quell our doubts that before the movie is over we might finally have something to make the movie a little less than completely forgettable.<br /><br />Despite grand performances (as always) by Cusak who essentially is the entire film most everyone else of note is wasted (i.e. Samuel L. Jackson) in insignificant minor roles. The true mystery here is how this movie received such a high viewer rating. Ballot-stuffing ghosts?
critique5610 This is one of the dumbest ideas for a movie. Remake a classic film shot-by-shot. I hope nobody tries this technique again. In 1998 "Good Will Hunting" director Gus Van Sant tried it by remaking Hitchcock's 1960 classic "Psycho" and failed miserably. What on earth was Van Sant thinking of? This remake doesn't even come close to topping the original. The few changes that were made here were no help. If you want to see "Psycho" the choice is obvious. See the original.<br /><br />* (out of four)
critique5611 This review contains a SPOILER---<br /><br />The movie is an American Ninja mysteriously trained in the martial arts. He falls for the Colonel's daughter and turns from the most hated grunt on the post to the "People's hero" at the end of the film. This film is extremely cheesy and very poorly researched. It is good for folks who do not care about plot development or reality. Good for kids under 14. The military errors in this film is comical. I remember during my three years in the military us privates were not required to salute or call NCO's "Sir" the film does this in various spots. The colonel's hair is way too long on the ears. The Master Sergent's moustache was against military protocol in length. On the post the Colonel was the only officer around. Not one other officer was shown walking around the post. You had idiot ninjas brandshing swords against troops with m-16's rather poorly made.<br /><br />Folks this filmed reeked. Michael Dudikoff is not really that bad of an actor he just has lousy scripts. The ninjas were more hilarious than dangerous. Avoid this film
critique5612 As bad as they get. This film commits the fatal error of making the viewer not care what happens to characters. The two women in this flick are so stupid that you begin to root for the bad guys so this thing would end.<br /><br />This film is one of the few that was so bad that I had to turn to another channel. <br /><br />Put in highbrow language this film lacks verisimilitude. People not even people from Ohio simply do not act like this. Well maybe the writers do.<br /><br />There is not enough beer in the world to make this film bearable.<br /><br />F903
critique5613 This film tries hard but fails. Perhaps to non-Australian audiences it may have appeal as a travelogue but to the native it is merely tedious.<br /><br />Anyone who lives here knows Broken Hill is a rough tough isolated mining town. If a couple of citified fruits turn up in drag well it's all so predictable. Where have I come across that well-worn theme before? Oh yes -- Town Mouse and Country Mouse. Spare us.<br /><br />I kept hoping it would improve but after the Broken Hill scene I could see where this was heading and so turned off the TV and went to bed.
critique5614 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5615 I am very surprised to see such a high rating for this film and of the few reviews that there are to be positive. I saw the movie and was pretty dissapointed. I didn't find it very enjoyable at all. It was slow and lacks the entertainment value. Even the murder scenes are lackluster with real close-up shots of generic stabbings that don't look good at all. And the supposed great twist ending is really not much I did see it coming and then the ending just seemed cliche. This movie may not get much mention but by the little that it does get it is overrated. I would not recommend this movie.
critique5616 Larry Buchanan. Yep same guy who did "Attack of the THE Eye Creatures" and two (count 'em: TWO) conspiracy movies about Marilyn Monroe. He's to blame here.<br /><br />Adding onto his ever-growing pile of folders left over from Oliver Stone's "eh-I-grew-out-of-it" conspiracy drawer here's "Down On Us (i.e.- "Beyond the Doors") which is the working definition of historical inaccuracy.<br /><br />Forget everything you THOUGHT you knew about Jimi Hendrix Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison says Big Lar' cuz this is the real deal! Y'see the three big names in rock of the '60s were KILLED BY THE GOVERNMENT because they were subversives or counter-productive to Truth Justice and the American Way or sumpthin' like that there. I knew it all along.<br /><br />Anyway three people (Chatman Meryl Wolf) who look eerily like their real life shadows (that is if you completely close your eyes turn your backs and walk five miles away from them) show that instead of their recorded deaths the good old US of A put hits out on them! Yep it's the truth!<br /><br />Man I cannot believed I watched this movie. It's facts when not stretching credibility to the snapping point are ludicrous; the acting makes TV commercials look like high drama and if you honestly watch it through to the end you deserve the "twist" ending. You really really do; I swear. Genius.<br /><br />But like the man said: "Rock and roll is dead - long live rock and roll."<br /><br />Not this flick though.<br /><br />No stars for "Down on Us". And that's the movie audience describing the film by the way....
critique5617 was this tim meadows first acting role in a movie? the character leon is funny enough but shortly after that the sexual jokes and humor are too dumb to listen to anymore. some movies can get away with the sexual jokes and base their audiences to know that right when the advertising comes on. some movies that do this are american pie and scary movie. scary movie was stupid and american pie wouldnt have done well without the sexual jokes. the only role besides leon that had some humor that followed was will ferrell. the character really was dumb and that was all the dumb humor was all that had me watching. the movie was ok and nothing else. i dont really understand why the snl people that are dying to leave the show always get a movie based on a character they played on the show. the skits last about 5 minutes and if they can make a movie off a 5 minute skit then what is the world coming to? molly shannon had superstar cheri o'terri had scary movie but she wasnt a leading role and will had elf. but that was good but he did some dumb movie but i cant remember and mike myers with wayne's world. how come the mad tv crew dont ever get movie deals? seen only one guy break through but only in like 2 movies and a tv show with andy dick. but that guy relies on comedy for his life to continue funny or not. this movie is not good but had some positive humor. what a waste of film and people's money. (D D-)
critique5618 A group of heirs to a mysterious old mansion find out that they have to live in it as part of a clause in the will or be disinherited but they soon find out of its history of everybody whom had lived there before them having either died in weird accidents or having had killed each other.<br /><br />You've seen it all before and this one is too low-budget and slow paced to be scary and doesn't have any real surprises in the climax. No special effects or gore to speak of in fact the only really amusing thing about the whole film is the quality of the English dubbing which at times is as bad as a cheap martial arts movie.<br /><br />3 out of 10 pretty low in the pecking order of 80's haunted house movies.
critique5619 How Rick Sloane was allowed to make five movies is harder to believe than cold fusion. This film is absolutely criminal. Before watching this movie I thought Manos: Hands of Fate was the worse piece of crap I ever saw but at least Manos moves so slowly you might fall asleep thereby rescuing your eyes from the pain it will suffer. The greatest tragedy of this movie is that the old man that keeps the Hobgoblins "locked" up makes it to the final scene. The time I spent watching this movie was an absolute waste of my life.
critique5620 For some reason I just didn't like it at all and felt embarrassed about how bad it was since I bought it and watched it with my family. All of us hated it with a passion. It's a nice enough kids' movie maybe in the year it came out. However think about it: an outdated kids' movie? What's the point? Kids do not generally like to watch such old movies anyway and I don't see what adults are supposed to get out of this movie at all.<br /><br />Some kids' movies (like Mary Poppins or Wizard of Oz) can be enjoyed even now but Time Bandits is totally outdated. For your reference and I think applicable in this case I also did not like Dr Strangelove or Spinal Tap at all. So if you disagree with me on those similarly outdated movies you might like Time Bandits.<br /><br />There is also a horrible case of overacting as I recall from the 'bad guys'. Think of the two stupid 'bad pirates' in the Pirates of the C. movies except in Time Bandits they are not even remotely funny.<br /><br />Anyway I warned you that's all I can do. People that rate this movie high must have liked it from many years ago. If you have not seen it before then don't bother watching it now.
critique5621 I have never felt the need to add a review to this website until now but having just sat through the film I felt it necessary to warn parents who may be thinking of showing it to their children. Please don't! This is no Disney film. This film tells us 'life is cruel' and if you show it to your children in my opinion you are too. <br /><br />The video box describes the film as a 'delight for all ages' and the IMDb plot outline describes it as a 'family film'. I just had to find a definition of 'family film' and came across the following: "Usually consisting of comedies or adventures these films are often based on children's literature and can involve any number of helpful animals friendly supernatural beings and fantasy worlds all geared to stimulate and appeal to the imagination. Whatever the situation there is little or no offensive material and generally a lesson is learned on the way." Not an apt description of Tarka The Otter which contains some thoroughly unpleasant scenes totally unsuitable for young children and an ending that qualifies the film as a 'feel bad' movie. The lesson learned? As I said: life is cruel. Family entertainment? I don't think so. Unless you hate your family that is. <br /><br />Another review more revealing than this but worth reading can be found by following the 'external reviews' link.
critique5622 I don't think it really matters too much what the plot of this movie is about the main thing you'll notice is the extreme amateurishness of the entire production. The acting is what you'd get if you chose people at random off the street. The sound is really annoying - a medicine cabinet closes with all the gusto of a gunshot going off in your ear while at the same time the dialog is perhaps one-fifth as loud. Miscellaneous on-set noises dominate the soundtrack to a huge degree with dialog taking a distant back seat. The theme music sounds as if it was about a quarter done when the movie was released as large portions of the film don't have any music at all. Camera-work can best be described as a gnarled mess with close-up shots where a medium angle would be much better cameramen walking around and jostling the camera every which way absolutely no attention paid to framing any scene they just shot everything from whatever position it was most convenient for the cameraman to stand. If the cameraman was a foot taller than the actors and you end up looking at the tops of everyone's heads well so be it. Editing is just a butcher job; Everything is tossed together in the most abrupt manner possible nothing flows or transitions in any sense of the word. I don't know if this was shot on video or perhaps a rented camcorder I tend to think it was the latter. <br /><br />I only made it about three-quarters of the way through this thing before I turned it off I just got so annoyed at the low quality of the production I couldn't take it anymore. It's like a ninth grade audio-visual class project.
critique5623 The only reason I watched this is because of its stars CASPAR Van Dien Micheal Pare & Eric Roberts & catherine Oxenburg * & Jeniffer Rubin All capable actors & have given good performances in the past. NOT THIS TIME a weak serial killer story You can guess who the killer is in the first scene. Very contrived in all aspects there is nothing to recommend in this disaster my rating is *1/2 POOR
critique5624 How many centuries will pass until the Japanese/Asian horror films abandon the long-haired ghost-woman shtick? Admittedly they've managed to rip off "Ringu" a million times and often it worked well - which just goes to show that originality isn't that much of a requirement in the horror genre (or that I'm very uncritical and easy to please?). However this time around I found myself a little restless somewhat bored. It's not a bad film but it's at least half-an-hour longer than it should be with its absurd 110 minutes length. Compared to many other Japanese horror films OMC lacks atmosphere and excitement. Plus the ending is confusing: it makes no sense at all. As for the ring-tone: Miike could have come up with a melody that is more effective than that forgettable little thing. Even though it was played a dozen times I can't even remember it - that's how scary it was. Speaking of Miike for him this is something of a commercial venture so if anyone thinks they might be getting perversion of the "Bijita Q" or "Audition" kind they're wasting their time.
critique5625 This is 30 minute show about one joke. The joke Cavemen are not treated fairly. HaHaHa!!! He can't dial a phone because he is a Caveman. Cavemen are not as smart as human beings. Oh jeez those Cavemen are so unsophisticated. There is no humor in this show. They can only run off this one joke for so long and they already have with the Geico commercials. This show does not deserve a time slot on national T.V. <br /><br />This show tries to hard to be funny but it just isn't. Watching this show I was thinking that it was trying to be like a "Bachelor's Gone Wild Show." Meaning they go to the bar and try to sleep with many women. The crying caveman is annoying. The caveman with the glasses is too smart to be a caveman(HAHAHA!!!). All three of them have personalities but I can't figure out why I don't care about them.
critique5626 Reasons to watch the movie:<br /><br />1) Bo Derek at 16 looks good and occasionally gets naked. She does a pretty good job playing an immature insecure 16 year old beauty in fact<br /><br />2) Many shots of a pretty Greek island<br /><br />But:<br /><br />1) Peter Hooten turns in the worst performance by an actor since Brutus played Caeser's friend in "Roman Senate Proceedings of March 15." He delivers each and every line in a delightful baritone bellow. Turn down the volume whenever he speaks. Preferably all the way down<br /><br />2) Bo's fantasies are sadly tame especially by today's standards. A few turns in the bath and as a fully clothed model<br /><br />3) The plot is skimpier than Bo's costumes
critique5627 Comedy is a hard beast to conquer. Ishimoto fails on all accounts as a writer and director. Some things like making movies that are funny just need to be left to the professionals. 1 out of 10. Awful. It wasn't funny. I tried to laugh but it just wasn't funny. I wasn't the only one no-one else at the Chicago festival was laughing either at least at the showing I saw. Simply very bad sorry :(
critique5628 The remake of H.B. Halicki's classic seventies chase film is simply horrible. Along with Vanishing Point Gone in 60 Seconds represent the quintessential car chase films. The remake takes the original and stands it on its head. Whereas Halicki gave us 75% car chase and 25% supporting drama in GISS 2000 we get 25% car chase and 75% supporting drama. Cage as super man saves his brother kisses the girl. MTV edits tits and ass. Save your money rent the original. At least Halicki didn't live to see his baby (he wrote produced directed and starred in the '74' film) degraded in this manner.
critique5629 If you are the sort of person who can get a kick out of a very bad movie then I highly recommend this one. If you aren't stay away. This is an astonishingly cheap-looking movie and at times you may find yourself wondering if it isn't just a prank someone is pulling on you. The most positive comment I can make about it is that the people responsible seemed to realize that it was super-low-budget nonsense so there is at least a sense of fun here.<br /><br />But this is as amateurish as it gets. Their idea of giant killer mushrooms are simply guys covered with beige colored sheets with what looks like trash can covers on their heads. It's obviously not meant to be taken seriously (to say the least) but even with that disclaimer you'll find yourself shaking your head at the awesome cheesiness of it all. Or laughing out loud frequently as I did.
critique5630 Debra Winger's 1987 "Black Widow" is MUCH better.<br /><br />This is like a lame version and Jane Seymour usually does better.<br /><br />Chad Allen is pretty poor in this too. Just playing his usual role as a boring rebellious child.<br /><br />Maybe the both of them being from Dr. Quinn was supposed to make us get excited.<br /><br />If it's on go grab a copy of "Black Widow".
critique5631 A good friend of mine one said: "A monkey is funny anytime anywhere." There is one exception to this: GOING BANANAS. It is quite simply the WORST MOVIE I have ever seen. It's worse than PLAN 9 worse than THE BEAST OF YUCCA FLATS. It is TERRIBLE. The talking monkey gag gets old after about three minutes and believe me that's all there is. Make sure you have a bunch of people around to revive you after you go into TOXIC SHOCK from GOING BANANAS the worst movie ever.
critique5632 As the 2000's came to a close king Kong's adopted daughter went ahead and made a tearful announcement her show as coming to an end.<br /><br />While Miss Winfrey was tearing up i was laughing and screaming like a wild Indian from the old west.<br /><br />So what does Oprah do? she takes famous people and puts them on her show. what kind of famous people? people who've suffered (just like her except these people have lost more than their virginity) they've suffered melted faces (true story) missing limbs (True story see end of paragraph) and spousal abuse (too many to count). and somehow they come on the show and tell their story as if we haven't heard it before tons and tons of times (Bethany Hamilton i've heard your tale about losing an arm to a shark since day one which was October 31st 2003. don't tell me you have no hard feelings.) But the biggest thing probably on Oprah was Michael Jackson's interview in 1993 after being accused of being a child molester. sadly Mr. Jackson has since passed away. but that one particular show told about Michael's personal life something not many people knew about at the time.<br /><br />Oprah's Real influence comes from middle aged women and soccer moms. They seem to think she's like a personal Jesus sometimes. but all i see in Oprah is some big ghetto lady who made it big and she's just showing off how rich she is.<br /><br />I'm glad her shows going to end soon. we need better television programs.
critique5633 This is one awful movie!! Some people told me that it was not that bad actually but I sure disagree! The monster is amazingly cheap (and funny) looking but this is something we all knew I guess. In addition to that the dialogs are awful and the writing is just plain terrible.<br /><br />As bad as it is this movie as the quality of being entertaining. Not always for the good reasons but it's a good "so bad that it's fun" flick.<br /><br />By the way there's no such thing as "La Castagne". According to a secondary character in the film named Pierre (described in the movie as a French Canadian) there's a legend among French Canadians about a giant bird know as "La Castagne". As a French Canadian myself I can assure you that I never heard of such a legend. It sure made me laugh though... :))
critique5634 A good deal of running around. A badly conceived adversary with very little complexity. A scientist who works in communications sending off signals into space and receiving them gets caught up with aliens. Along with his pretty wife he invades their territory and is given secrets about them. He becomes rather traitorous in the process. Granted he is given little choice anyway. There is a scene where he gives them everything they want. This is a dull movie with lots of long stretches where little happens. The plot isn't technically bad. It's just that we are usually following a car a trip through a woods investigating a building. This is what editing is all about. I suppose the story wouldn't technically support much more. Not much here.
critique5635 A disappointing end to a season that started so well ...<br /><br />Exodus part 2 and other notable episodes were amongst the best seen on TV in any series where as this was rather bad.<br /><br />Well I am not sure if it was the episode that was a disappointment but the cheesy guitar music at that accompanied the closing sequence was laughable and would have been more at home in the original series.<br /><br />Its almost as if the corporate execs didn't like the low key down note ending and wanted to jazz it up. They failed and rather spoilt everything.<br /><br />Lets hope this is not a trend for the future.<br /><br />Still at least we saw the return of a certain person even if somewhat bizarrely and tritely done.
critique5636 Wow my first review of this movie was so negative that it was not excepted. I will try to tone this one down. Lets be real!!! No one wants to see a Chuck Norris movie where HE is not the main character.There was a good fight scene at the end but the rest of the movie stank. I have to wonder if old Chuck just can't hang with the best any more. Has he slowed down so much that he has to turn out junk like this and hope that his reputation will carry him through the entire movie? Chuck is an awesome martial artist and as we have seen from Walker Texas Ranger a fairly good actor but the trick is to combine both of these qualities in his movies and this one does not. Very Disappointing for us Norris fans. Chuck stay as the main character in your movies because this does not work for you...Gary
critique5637 I have seen every episode of this spin off. I thought the first season was a decent effort considering the expectations of following such a success that is Grey's Anatomy. Thus i have continued to watch. I'm afraid the second season lacks the charm the chemistry and more importantly the drama of it's predecessor Grey's Anatomy. The relationships seem contrived and the acting is so-so. The writing lacks the intelligence and comedic hints seen in GA. There are shows that a formulaic but do not feel formulaic and contrived unfortunately PP is not so. I loved Kate Walsh's presence in GA. I'm afraid Kate Walsh's life in LA is simply not interesting.
critique5638 We don't know if Darlene loves all three gentleman certainly they are wary of one another yet they live together. Viewers might surmise that the feelings of rivalry between the gentleman and the feelings of all of them toward Darlene might make for an unbearable home life.<br /><br />In the eerily beautiful rural Brazilian landscape (emphasized by the frequent use of polarization and the use of Kodachrome stock) anything might happen and the alternatives for any one of them. save perhaps Ciro may not be alluring enough to encourage them to change their circumstances. They seem to bear the intolerable because it is familiar-the unknown frightens them into complacency toward a fate which is more challenging than their characters can utilize. Thus it crushes them rather than strengthening them. The web in which they are caught is made of the sanguine filaments which bind us all. Perhaps the sadness I felt after watching this movie has to do with it's portrayal of the inevitable fading of our youth's bright colors in the unforgiving light of time. The three children will enter the world fated to relive their parents lives to one or another degree. Well filmed and portrayed the story is tragic in it's essence. Walt Disney it ain't
critique5639 People please don't bother to watch this movie! This movie is bad! It's totally waste of time. I don't see any point here. It's a Stupid film with lousy plot and the acting is poor. I rather get myself beaten than watch this movie ever again.
critique5640 Mere thoughts of "Going Overboard" (aka "Babes Ahoy") make me want to weep. Throwing yourself out a window would be better than watching this movie. It's not even a supposed "so bad it's good" movie. I would spend money to buy copies of this movie and burn them so that people can't see it. Oh the pain the pain...
critique5641 I caught this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I hadn't heard much about it; only that it was a tightly-paced thriller shot digitally on a very low budget. I was hoping to catch the next big Brit-Flick. But I have to say I was severely disappointed. "This Is Not A Love Song" follows two criminals who after accidentally shooting and killing a farmer's young daughter become embroiled in a deadly game of cat and mouse when the locals decide to take matters into their own hands and hunt them down.<br /><br />The real problem is that this is yet another example of style over substance in a British film. The camera angles and editing are completely at odds with the story as are the over the top performances and the appalling use of slow motion which only serves to make the whole thing look like an expensive home video. There are repeated attempts to make the film look edgy and gritty which instead come over as hilarious and over the top(Cue a pathetic obligatory drug scene and countless pointless camera zooms). No amount of cliche's such as this can disguise the fact that this is a pretty bad story.<br /><br />We've seen this kind of thing many times before and made a hundred times better particularly in John Boorman's masterful "Deliverance." But while in the latter film we actually cared about the characters in this film I found myself just wanting them to be hunted down and killed as quickly as possible. Even this wouldn't have been so bad if their adversaries had been frightening or worthwhile but instead are merely a collection of stereotypical inbred-looking countryfolk. Again another offensive overused cliche' coming to the fore. Surely there are some nice people in the country filmmakers?<br /><br />In its defense "This Is Not A Love Song" does contain a couple of good suspenseful moments but it's hard to see this film doing anything other than going straight to video or at a push getting a very limited cinema release. It's not a patch on last year's Low-Budget hunted in the hills movie "Dog soldiers". Maybe British Cinema could actually get kick-started again if the right money stopped going to the wrong people.
critique5642 I's a big struggle. As a story that is surreal this movie could've been great (as great as it is rated by some here) but mixed with the acting (director and relatives playing major roles due to financial reasons I reckon) found in here ... although calling this acting is not only a stretch of that word it's giving it a new meaning! A whole new meaning! <br /><br />If you are into surreal movies (there are some that I do like actually see the Japanese Strange Circus for example) you might be able to overlook the flaws (see above) and enjoy this more. There are great ideas here after all! Many great metaphors and ambiguous scenes but while watching this (with a group of friends) almost all of us just couldn't stop laughing ... not the intention of the director of course! Again everyone has their own liking as one can see by the high rating of this movie but I could only recommend the movie if you're aware of the work that Alejandro Jodorowsky has done and/or are a fan of his!
critique5643 Swoon focuses on Leopold and Loeb's homosexual relationship - a facet of the case that has been mostly (and unjustly) ignored since their trial even by Leopold himself in his autobiography. But even in its treatment of this Swoon over does it by far. Worse it twists combines and straight out alters the details of the case which will irritate anyone who knows much about it while at the same time managing to confuse those who are not familiar with it. While it is an interestingly made film Swoon stinks.<br /><br />1 out of 10 - awful.
critique5644 This one is a poor attempt at spinning the old "cons turn good" yarn which we have seen so many times before. It actually reminded me of the American series 'The Players' although nowhere near as good. Omar Epps is totally unconvincing as the hard man of the bunch as is Ribisi who's attempt at being the funny guy gets lost along the way. Danes performance was decent though and you can see from this performance why she was cast in Terminator 4.<br /><br />The MOD Squad is a film which lies in a kind of grey area between serious thriller and comedy. At times it takes itself serious but other times it tries to be humorous but fails miserably. The film has a kind of half-finished feel about - as if it was stretched to the 90 minute mark.<br /><br />You'l be disappointed.
critique5645 I am a big fan of bad horrors cheap horrors b movies and all that bottom 100 movies and I do not deny those are the worst stuff ever to enter the big screen or even your home video for that matter. Some of them e.g. the infamous Manos The Hands of Fate are truly bad and watching them especially on your own without any friends and beer around is a torture for a good cinema taste. <br /><br />La Momia Azteca Contra El Roboto Humano however was not that bad. Well of course it's BAD - it's silly dated corny cheap etc. there's an Aztec mummy a tin robot a fat masked villain a mad scientist Mexican mobsters etc. the montage is poor the lines well let's say the lines are not theatrical the FX and SFX are the best what the Mexican low budget production could've offered etc. etc. Still the movie is FUN. it's so bad it makes you laugh cheerfully for an hour time. Sure it depends on one's sense of humor however I'm pretty sure La Momia should teach any newcomers to this kind of cinema how to enjoy it. Please note: the movie lasts for about an hour and I think it's just enough time of silliness one is able to easily digest. <br /><br />There's also another thing - watching La Momia can give you a clue what was the whole SF/Horror genre concept back in the fifties when you compare it to the present day Matrix era of cinema entertainment. I think it also shows how both the industry and the audience evolved due to the fact the watches like La Momia still attract full house in the theaters for some special shows (movies like this are special alright) and very often receive a standing ovation.
critique5646 This movie clearly has an agenda which could be summed up like this: Never never cross the border (either physical or metaphorical). Let's shun everything that's on the other side with a wall or a fence or something else let's pretend all "gringos" are evil satanic or drug dealers. All that is outside one's country's border (and specially US borders) is dangerous malevolent and people there will hate you or envy you or try to steal you or something else. The "based on true events" is only a perverse tag that can be pinned on anything to give it some aura of credibility or in this case just to help pushing the film's ideology down some naÃƒÂ¯ve throats out there. The perversity of the film lies in the fact that it reduces countries people and all else into very black and white stereotyped categories: Mexicans into disgusting people Mexican police into a bunch of corrupt cops republicans into the right-wing morons democrats into almost hippie humanists and so forth. Is there anything good about the film? I hardly think so but may be you think differently.
critique5647 Even Sophie Marceau's presence and the few (very few) good French gags are unable to save this otherwise slow and boring movie! A disappointment. The story is weak and so is acting. This movie was advertised as the French version of The Mummy but the Mummy has at least spectacular and enjoyable effects...
critique5648 Seldom do I give up on a movie without seeing the entire show. This is particularly true when I have rented it on DVD. Syriana was one in which I did give up. Half way through I turned it off in bored disgust.<br /><br />This movie is disjointed boring confusing and lackluster. The acting was dry and without credible portrayals. The general plot was good but developed in such an insipid and boring fashion that it failed to grasp my attention or interest. The multiple sub plots often failed to connect to each other and seemed more like random stories than an actual connected plot. Too bad such a serious subject and such great actors could create such a flop. I cannot imagine this movie receiving any nominations much less an award.
critique5649 I had heard about this movie through a friend it was supposed to be a thriller but what I watched wasn't a "thriller". It was more like a weak attempt at one. Amber Smith was a bright spot-that may be giving her too much credit. The scenes were she was in bed with actress Erika Michels were also lame. The two actresses did not seem to click with each other at all. Amber Smith was way out of this gal's league and it definitely showed on camera. She did not seem into those scenes at all. I was disappointed because a friend of mine-guy of course-had pumped this movie up to be something "great" but it was actually more like watching dime store porn.
critique5650 Human pot roast Joe Don Baker (MITCHELL) stars in this dull unremarkable `action' movie as Deputy Geronimo a fat gassy slob who sits around in a stupid looking cowboy suit listening to country music and eating too many donuts. Meanwhile a vaguely criminal guy named Palermo (played by the guy who owned the drill in Fulci's GATES OF HELL) stumbles into Joe Don's territory and shoots the sheriff in a poorly edited scene. Joe Don- slowly- gives chase and offs Palermo's brother after uttering his now legendary catch phrase `It's your move. Think you can take me? Well go ahead on'. For some reason Joe Don a Texas lawman must transport Palermo to Italy (`Mr. Palermo's been a major source of embarrassment to the Italian government' says Mr. Wilson another vague character played by Bill McKinney who was in MASTER NINJA 1 SHE FREAK and a lot of good Clint Eastwood movies). <br /><br />Anyhoo Joe Don's plane must land on the island of Malta where Palermo escapes with the help of a briefcase and a guy who looks like Jon Lovitz. And that's where the movie grinds to a halt. For the rest of the movie Joe Don looks for Palermo looses Palermo ends up in a jail cell is yelled at by the Malta chief of police and then is let go with a warning not to look for Palermo any more. Then Joe Don keeps looking for Palermo looses Palermo ends up in a jail cell is yelled at by the Malta chief of police and then is let go with a warning not to look for Palermo any more. Then Joe Don looks for Palermo looses Palermo ends up in a jail cell is yelled at by the Malta chief of police and then is let go with a warning not to look for Palermo any more. This is one aggravating movie.<br /><br />At one point Joe Don is thought to be dead at sea. All the other characters wonder if he's dead or not finally concluding that he is. But then he shows up (he was rescued by a poor family) and no one mentions the fact that he was missing at sea for several days. Even his cute Julia Louise-Dreyfuss-esque sidekick doesn't welcome him back. She does however offer to help him find Palermo so Joe Don looks for Palermo looses Palermo ends up in a jail cell is yelled at by the Malta chief of police and then let go with a warning not to look for Palermo any more.<br /><br />Highpoints include a bizarre carnival with strange colorful floats some sexy strippers a shoot out involving a kid dressed like Napoleon AND a cart of tomatoes a chase scene involving a guy dressed like a monk and any scene without Joe Don. Lowpoints include Joe Don threatening a stripper with a coat hanger.<br /><br />It should be noted that this is from Greydon Clark director of ANGEL'S REVENGE who appears as the sheriff. Ick!<br /><br />
critique5651 Young spinster who doesn't associate with women her own age and is eyed by gentleman from the retirement set invites an apparently mute young man into her apartment on a rainy day. Nervous and overly-polite to hide her own sexual insecurities she is most pleased when the boy makes himself to home in her guest bedroom...but not so happy when he begins sneaking out the window at night. Sandy Dennis is not a hapless actress but why she was attracted to these sad-sack roles I guess we'll never know. Based on a book by Richard Miles and about as far removed from a commercial drama as one could get this lurid material not only attracted Dennis but also director Robert Altman (whose work is static at best). The narrative seems almost a sex-reversal of "The Collector" a tag which may have sold the film-rights but which doesn't turn out to be a good idea cinematically. Even the film's best sequence (Dennis shopping for a prostitute to satisfy her prisoner) doesn't quite come off with Sandy acting both ill and indignant (whose idea was this plan?). Michael Burns is quite good as the kid who uses this frumpy pasty-sick woman just for her comfy digs but he's handled too bashfully by Altman with lots of strategically-placed towels and flesh-colored undies (Altman clearly wasn't ready for a mature picture with adult themes at this point). Sandy Dennis has a handful of very good scenes; she doesn't chatter away mindlessly here she thinks before she speaks and she's alarmingly careful in her actions. Unfortunately the role itself is a bummer with an apparent slide into mental deterioration which seems to happen off-screen. As such the abrupt finale is maddening and the overall results tepid. *1/2 from ****
critique5652 I didn't expect much from this film but oh brother what a stinker.<br /><br />I found this gem in a giant crate of awful $5 DVD's at Walmart (where else)? As cheap as this disc was I feel ripped off. The special effects had a high school look to them the camera work marred by wobbly tripods and sketchy lighting and the acting was a perfect example of the 'Christian School'. One can imagine the long and exhausting 'prayer meetings' by the production company after seeing the rushes come back - the people who bankrolled this thing must have had seriously anti-biblical feelings towards the inept production company that cranked this thing out. Think of their anguish as they saw their $914.86 investment go up in smoke.<br /><br />Someone asked why Christian movies are so bad - perhaps the Xian film-makers need to look at GOOD movies and attempt to copy some of the things that make them so good. Believable stories and characters less hysterical arm-waving and fanaticism oh and a story that appeals to -everyone- not just true believers. I.e. Stop The Sermon Save It For Church. Take the Omen or Prophesy series for example. Excellent films with compelling story lines great cinematography and intense music. No hysterical arm-waving. No preaching.<br /><br />If this film had a laugh track it would have been MUCH better.
critique5653 True story of a late monster that appears when an American industrial plant begins polluting the waters. Amusing though not really good monster film has lots of people trying to get the monster and find out whats going on but not in a completely involving way. Give it points for giving us a giant monster that they clearly built to scale for some scenes but take some away in that it looks like a non threatening puppy. An amusing exploitation film thats enjoyably silly in the right frame of mind. (My one complaint is that the print used on the Elvira release is so poor that it looks like a well worn video tape copy that was past its prime 20 years ago.)
critique5654 This movie is a definitive 5. I finally caught it on HBO the other night. I remember when it came out in theatres telling a friend that it would never be a hit because Americans didn't want movies about history especially movies that were more about ideas than action. I don't know if that was the reason FMLB didn't do well but now having finally seen it I can add a few observations of my own.<br /><br />First while Dwight Schultz has been fine in Star Trek and The A-Team as the lead in this movie he is off-putting. I kept expecting him to shout out Jon Lovitz-like "I am ACT-ING!" He phrasing and tone of voice sounded like he was trying very had to be an ACT-OR on a stage where he had to emphasize strangely various words and phrases. <br /><br />Second I enjoyed the sly positioning of Paul Newman's character as a manipulator who at every turn strives to herd these cats (the scientists) along to get to his goal. <br /><br />Third there was some discussion of the moral implications of creating the A bomb and whether the US should use it. Probably not enough of this or as in depth as warranted.<br /><br />Finally there seemed to be an awful lot of twists thrown in for dramatic effect. I don't know how much of the events in this movie are true to life but things like having the test bomb slip in its chains or having a lab accident caused by a spilled coffee cup (and a scientist killed as a result) were stretching the bounds of believability. Maybe that stuff or events that were similar really happened but it sure felt like various scenes were added solely for dramatic effect which undermined the whole tone and purpose of the movie.<br /><br />FMLB was OK. I need to read more about the actual events to know if it was over the top or just mostly accurate.
critique5655 I was looking forward to seeing John Carpenter's episode in Season 2 because his first Cigarette Burns was by far the best from Season 1 (and I did like other episodes from that season). Oh how I was disappointed.<br /><br />In fairness to Carpenter I think the primary problem with this episode was absolutely horrible writing. The characters aside from the subject matter seemed to behave and speak as though they were written for an episode of Walker Texas Ranger. The acting was bad and I normally like Ron Perlman a lot but I can only blame them so much because the writing was so horrible. I'm not going to try to guess what the writers were trying to do because that would be useless but it appeared as though they were trying to mix horror (obviously) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case not surprisingly it seemed a chance to bash a certain variety or religious nuts as well as fanatical anti-abortionists. And I am in favor of both aims but it was done so horribly that I was embarrassed to watch characters act and speak with such stupid inconsistency. This failed totally to offer any worthwhile opinion on the subjects and the horror element failed as well alongside such inept writing.<br /><br />While I don't think Carpenter can be blamed for most of the badness here I will say he did choose to direct the teleplay and therefore has that to be held responsible for. There are a couple small bits that I found nice hence the 2 stars I gave it.<br /><br />The actual gore and monster effects were good but the CGI gore (two separate gunshots to the head) were so obviously inferior quality CGI they should've never been given the OK. I'm generally very critical of CGI but not because I have a problem with it in principle. I have a problem with the execution of it. The technology while amazing in some respects is not good enough to match "real" effects whether they be miniatures or gore especially when it is supposed to match something organic and/or alive and therefore shouldn't be used until they are. CGI can be used well in small amounts or obviously if the whole film is animated.<br /><br />I'll also take this opportunity to note that the show title Masters of Horror is a bad title to have. There simply aren't many actual "masters of horror" around. Maybe two or three. If the show were called "Tale of Horror" or something like that it would be fine. But as it stands the criteria for directing one of these episodes and therefore being criticized for not being a "master of horror" is that they have directly at least one horror film in their career. And it didn't even have to be a good one.
critique5656 1st watched 1/1/2003 - 3 out of 10(Dir-Henri Verneuil): Sober drama about a well-to-do Doctor who gets into trouble carrying on a relationship with a younger woman whom his family brings in to live with them as well as being married to another in the same household. His searching for happiness is not clear but they do bring out the reason for his unhappiness rather well by displaying the overbearing trait of the females in his wife's line. Well played but predictable drama.
critique5657 I can't believe I watched this whole movie. Another "Ishtar" in that I kept waiting for it to get better which never happened. The sound is terrible going from too low to hear the conversations to blaring sound in seconds. The plot is absolutely implausible the acting is mediocre although Keaton does his usual good job as a mental case although being typecast in that role could certainly be considered a negative. The director knows absolutely nothing about hospitals medications science or anything of a technical nature. "Sociopath"???? I wonder how they came up with that diagnosis? There are so many errors goofs and things wrong with this movie that if one were to list them all it would possibly set some kind of record. Demerol as a general anestetic? A motorcyclist on the freeway wearing a non DOT/Snell off-road helmet. San Francisco??? Paper walls move when tapped helmets just appear out of thin air guns point one direction but hit things in another lighting appears and disappears and there is barely a scene in the move that doesn't contain some kind of error. My wife who is an RN in an Oncology unit finally left the room before the end of the movie so upset over all the medical errors. I gave it a 2 only because of Keaton's acting else it certainly would have gotten a 1.
critique5658 Having read many of the comments here I'm surprised that no one has recognized this as basically an overlong remake of a Twilight Zone episode from 1960 called "Mirror Image" starring Vera Miles. Rod Serling did a much better job of creating an effective spooky tale in 24 minutes than Sean Ellis did in 88 minutes with this tedious snooze. A short piece can be effective with a mysterious and unexplained ending but in a feature film there should be a bit more substance and the story should make sense. Sadly substance and sense are two things missing from "The Broken." Yes it has some moments but they are not enough to justify your time. Some further observations: although this is clearly a contemporary story not one character in the movie has a cellphone! And even though a car accident is the event that gets the story going there is never any reference to an insurance company to the person who was driving the other car or to the police who would have been required to do a report. My advice: skip this bore and watch the original instead!
critique5659 ... and yet we were told there was another hour and 20 minutes left to go.<br /><br />Why oh why wasn't there an editor to tell the writer/director to snip snip snip? Apparently that writer/director has previously done shorts; as a short this would have been okay. But the lack of dialogue starts to grate after twenty minutes. The lack of much music glares. The background noises (talking traffic and especially a ubiquitous helicopter) get old really fast. But the worst failure is in story. There is precious little beyond a short.<br /><br />After an hour we saw variations of the same scene over and over again. I nearly screamed at the screen "We get it we get it!!!!!" It's amazing that after that left the theatre we could drive home watch the Daily Show and parts of the Colbert Report get ready for bedand know that the audience was STILL trapped in the theatre.<br /><br />It's not enough to indulge your vision. You have to give the audience enough to share your vision.
critique5660 What a dreadful film this is. The only reason you would want to sit through this mess is the pleasurable sight of Miss Eleniak. The painful overacting of Mr McNamara which became embarrassing at times ruined what might have been a reasonable film if the correct actors had been cast. Mr McNamara is no Tom Cruise the actor he obviously wants to be.
critique5661 I love the munna bhai MBBS but "Lagge raho..." SUX really SUX. I have never seen such a boring movie in my whole life. And these high ratings really astonished me that wat happened to the taste of Indian cinema viewers ?? <br /><br />**MAY BE SPOILER** <br /><br />An educated girl needs an advice from a Bhai people discussing their personal prob. on phones come on man from which part of the world u r ??? I agree that films should be fictitious but these things are really indigestible.<br /><br />2 out of 10. (2 stars is for 15 mins good starting)
critique5662 Made one year before ILSA SHE-WOLF OF THE SS BLACKSNAKE could have easily been called SUSAN SHE-WOLF OF THE PLANTATION and it probably inspired the producers behind the Nazi sexploitation epics to go ahead with their more infamous films because the stories are identical: a gorgeous horny head strong (but stupid) blonde woman degrades and kills many people under her control whom all hate her and want her dead. Sounds familiar? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman the producer behind the ILSA flicks are good friends and they started their careers together. So obviously there's a connection there. Looking at BLACKSNAKE I can't help but think that Russ Meyer wanted to move on and do something else than his typical busty women epics because XXX movies were all the rage during the mid 1970s and Russ Meyer films though filled with nudity and kinkiness and violence were never even close to real porn. His films started to look positively quaint next to DEEP THROAT and other hard-core porno blockbusters. Meyer knew he couldn't compete with such films and BLACKSNAKE is sorta the end result of such a quandary in his career. He obviously wanted to branch out into different uncharted territory. But BLACKSNAKE bombed at the B.O. and Meyer quickly returned to making VIXEN type of films that even if they still weren't pornographic they were most definitely more over-the-top than any of his previous films.<br /><br />It's no wonder BLACKSNAKE was a B.O. failure. It's just terrible. Trash-o-rama. Jaw-droppingly bad. It's a quasi-campy take on slavery if you can imagine that. The end result is jarring. One minute we're in typical Meyer territory: exuberant playful and silly and then the next minute super serious meditation on slavery and violence. Huh? It just doesn't work. The slavery/racism aspect is woefully mishandled and veers this movie in the true exploitation category. But BLACKSNAKE is not as sleazy as ILSA SHE WOLF OF THE SS and those kind of films so I imagine fans of the latter were disappointed by it which would explain the almost lack of interest in this movie from either exploitation fans or Russ Meyer fans. Meyer blames the failure of BLACKSNAKE because and I quote "It didn't have enough breasts in it." Well I'm sorry Russ but the film is just bad breast or no breasts. But he's right though about the low breast quota. Except for Anouska and the maid the film's cast is male. Meyer replaces his usual bevy of buxom babes with throng of hunks with massive pecs in the form of anonymous black actors playing the slaves and the big David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with Anouska's right hand man around who is portrayed as a ruthless but clever gay man who enjoys the power he has over the men one can only wonder what Meyer was really trying to create here.<br /><br />BLACKSNAKE stars David Warbeck who is lusted after by Anouska and her right hand man. Poor David. He looks totally befuddled by the whole experience. He did seem to have fun making the movie but you can clearly see that at times he has no idea what's going on. And then there's Anouska Hempel. She's a beautiful woman...for the 1970s not the 1870s. With her makeup and hair she looks like a typical 1970s Brit pin-up babe than a turn of the century dominatrix. And her wardrobe is hilarious. At one time she actually unzips her leather boots! I didn't know they had zippers in those days. But the character she plays is in itself really degrading (no pun intended). She's nothing but a cipher to the object of lust and scorn of every men (and that woman) on the island. For example one night when David and Anouska are getting it on her annoying slave driver walks in the room knocks David unconscious and tries to rape her groping her savagely. The next day the slave driver is still working for Anouska and the two act as if nothing had happened. It's totally ludicrous. Under any circumstance had her character been a real person Anouska would have whipped the slave driver senseless and kicked his butt off the island. Or even killed him. But the fact that the woman keeps him on her plantation after he tried to rape her is stretching the flimsy story and characters' credulity to the max.<br /><br />Ridiculous details like this and the thoroughly startling blaxploitation angle makes BLACKSNAKE a strangely unpleasant but watchable movie. Watchable in the train wreck variety. I just couldn't help but watch the film for the utter baseless aspects of it all (the excellent cinematography sorta makes it easier to watch). So this being an exploitation film I guess it succeeded in doing what it was supposed to do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russ Meyer completists.
critique5663 Savage Guns (video title) is a dirt cheap bottom of the barrel spaghetti western in which the survivor of a massacre hunts the bandits who killed his brother and left him for dead catching up with them in a town controlled by their crooked boss.<br /><br />Despite plenty of violence this manages to be both dull and colorless with bad characterizations and almost no imagination or humor.<br /><br />Lead actor Robert Woods lives up to his name with a wooden and uncharismatic performance that fails to generate any warmth or sympathy whatsoever. In other words the viewer never really roots for him despite the fact that he's the protagonist.<br /><br />The worst scene (in my opinion) is the annoying dance hall scene where a woman sings in a heavy and terribly unsexy German accent. It was the worst scene in Blazing Saddles and the worst one here!
critique5664 George & Mildred - The Movie lacks the talents of its TV writer John Mortimer who brings the close quarter cut and thrust of George's class war with the Fourmiles alive.<br /><br />The plot is cut from standard spin-off cloth - hit-man/mistaken identity - and has as little tension as there are laughs. The producers should have taken a leaf from Rising Damp (also 1980)which was also bought to the big screen after the TV series demise and kept much of the story in familiar setting.<br /><br />Yootha Joyce died in 1980 but she should not be remembered for this creaking piece of work encumbered as she was by her illness. Mildred lacks the sharpness of her TV incarnation; cutting asides and withering looks largely directed at Georges lack of libido. George's sputtering incredulity also gets lost in the more expansive sets. This is not to say that they were much to shout about. The budget for this movies looks pathetically small; a restaurant they go to is clearly a new semi-starched house with some Christmas lights adorning the front door.<br /><br />For fans of 70's British comedy or those who just want to revisit an old TV companion from their youth this film can add nothing to the experience and they should just stick to the first four TV series out now on DVD.
critique5665 I watched this video because I like Malta and this movie was filmed in its entirety there. Very disappointing since it fails to catch any of the flavor or beauty of the island - just the hot dry and barren elements. The movie was dull boring completely incoherent from beginning to end pretentious and devoid of any conceivable plot. You had to be a psychic to follow the plot line or lack thereof. It had its moments sure; but so does going to the dentist.<br /><br />In short I'd much rather endure another colonoscophy before viewing this horrible mess again. It was so bad I actually couldn't fall asleep. There are quite a few "Eurotrash" movies out there that were obviously made without adult supervision. This is one of them. On the bright side who is Nadia Cassini? Never before have I seen a more beautiful set of legs. She is the one saving grace of this movie.<br /><br />Disturbing too was the cruel boar hunt depicted in the closing credits. A boar that was released on someone's property (Malta has very few native mammals; all of them small - rats bats etc.) and then set upon by dogs before it was shot. Oh well - go visit Malta anyway despite this film - it's a beautiful colorful island; rich in history and lots of fun.
critique5666 Aside from the gunfight scene I felt the movie was a waste of celluloid. Robert Duvall Kevin Costner and Annette Bening could have played those roles in their sleep. The dialog was marginally tolerable (and there was plenty of it--no one sat together quietly in this movie) the plot was all over the map as if they could not decide how many themes to cram into the story there was no subtlety at all--foreshadowing hit you between the eyes and they led you by the nose through most of the story (I think they added all the dialog to make sure you didn't miss anything) and the editing really needed tightening up (each actor's screen time was more quantity than quality--again too much dialog).<br /><br />The entire story took place over the course of a few days but everything that happened took on epic proportions much like how day-to-day happenings seemed HUGE to you in high school but in the grand scheme really weren't THAT important. Yes the bad guys beat up and killed Mose they beat up Button they killed the dog--all things which would get Boss and Charley's blood up. But the importance was diluted by all of the "deep meaningful" conversations which dominated most of the movie. These guys worked together for 10 years and they're just now talking about this stuff? The only time there wasn't much dialog was in the gunfight scene--which is probably why I liked it.<br /><br />Finally someone give Annette Bening a hairbrush! The wispy strands of hair around her face that were (I suppose) to make her look a bit more romantic actually made her look a little deranged. If she worked outside the home it would have made more sense. Plus why WASN'T she married already? There seemed to be several "kind and gentle" (her words) single men in town aside from the marshal and his cronies. In fact none of the bad guys seemed to want her either (a usual plot device in other movies). She stayed cooped up in the house most of the time and really didn't seem to have much connection to the people in town. Makes you wonder......<br /><br />In all the movie was entirely too long too chatty and too contrived for me. It felt like a star vehicle with lots of screen time for the big stars but not enough character depth to interest me despite all of the dialog.
critique5667 That distinction has to go to THE DUNGEON OF HARROW. At least Ed Wood's misguided attempt at making a quality science fiction film had the dubious "star" power of Bela Lugusi Vampira Tor Johnson Criswell and Lyle Talbot. THE DUNGEON OF HARROW has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. What could have been an interesting and suspenseful plot about a marooned aristocrat on a leper colony perhaps in the style of THE ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU or MYSTERIOUS ISLAND is trashed by the heavy dialog and mono tonal acting of amateurs whose lines sink like lead weights into a sea of stupidity. The "special effects" which took place in someone's bathtub further doom this film to the dung heap. Even the treatment of leprosy is something out of a Victorian interpretation of the Bible. The fact that leprosy can not be contracted from an individual in its last stages belies the plot line that the aristocrat Fallon and his lady Cassandra contract the disease and end up as the original occupants of the Castle De Sade doomed to insanity and inhuman cruelty. It is interesting to note that not one member of the cast made another film. No wonder talent begets talent; lack of talent begets oblivion which is where this film should find its deplorable end.
critique5668 I rented this movie for a few laughs. I had never seen the SNL skit but with hits like Tommy Boy and Waynes World it couldn't have been that bad could it? The answer: it was. This movie hardly was a means of relaxing after a hard day at work. I just kept waiting for a plotline and a funny part but there wasn't any. The highlight was tiffany amber thieson and thats just about it.
critique5669 I'm not ruining anything when I inform you that you get to see a woman have sex with a goat in this movie. If that is your thing then your movie has arrived.<br /><br />A woman and her husband go to see her estranged sister in the family mansion in the woods. Her sister is a creepy lady to say the least and she seems to have interests that go beyond family love. On the side a group of unsavory characters show up and begin enacting all kinds of pagan rituals.<br /><br />The plotting is pretty weak and the characters are pretty dumb. The woman sticks around even after her husband starts turning into a jerk and hanging out with the pagans even continues the have sex with him. On the exploitative side of things there is much bared flesh and a couple of kinky couplings but nothing that hasn't been better somewhere else. Oh and the aforementioned goat-sex scene.<br /><br />Most viewers won't make it to the end. Exploitation fans will ride it out but will be left wanting more.<br /><br />4/10
critique5670 My wife and I watched this movie because we plan to visit Sicily and Stromboli soon. Fortunately (or unfortunately) the landscape and seascape (complete with tuna) are the only believable members of this cast. We expected reasonable well-written and well-acted movie but were disappointed. Its only redeeming grace is an extended and remarkable fishing sequence full of authenticity: thrashing tuna nets wooden boats with long oars and passionate if superstitious fishermen.<br /><br />The movie's sequencing is stagy its dialogue stilted and the acting ranges from stiff to completely "over-the-top." One scene in which Bergman stresses out as her macho native and naÃƒÂ¯ve husband sics his ferret on an "innocent" (but apparently already deceased) rabbit would be perfect grist for a Monty Python skit.<br /><br />When the volcano blew we hoped for a merciful end to the suffering (ours and the casts'). Unfortunately the movie continues to flail on staggering finally to a melodramatic and absurd ending. Unless you're really into old-time tuna fishing pass this hokey effort by.
critique5671 This movie was beyond awful it was a pimple on the a*s of the movie industry. I know that every movie can't be a hit or for that matter even average but the responsible parties that got together for this epic dud should have been able to see that they had a ticking time bomb on their hands. I can't help but think that the cast would get together in between scenes and console each other for being in such a massive heap of dung. I can hear it now "You getting' paid?" "Nope you?" I understand that this flick was more than likely made on a shoe string budget but even with that taken into account it still could've been better. You wait for the appearance of a monster/creature and when you finally see it it's a big yawn.I'm so mad at myself for spending a 1.07 on this stinker!!!
critique5672 Take a bad script some lousy acting and throw in a politically incorrect morality tale and what do you get? Something that is supposed to pass for quality family viewing.<br /><br />Seven Alone is the story of a family in the 19th century who travel across America in a wagon train hoping for a new life in Oregon. There are seven children (three boys three girls and a baby whose sex I'm not quite sure of) hence the title of the film.<br /><br />The story opens up with the family living a seemingly normal 19th century life on a farm in the middle of nowhere. Eldest son John is a precocious teenager 'lazy and good for nothing' as his father constantly reminds him. We see right off the bat that he has a penchant for practical jokes when he ties string to the hair of his sleeping sisters and connects it to a nearby mule. When the mule is moved of course the poor girls are jolted out of bed. John is caught by his father and is immediately punished with a strap.<br /><br />That same day a wagon train passes through. Pa is tempted to join up as it promises a new life in the wild wild west. So the family hitches up their belongings and head off.<br /><br />From the very beginning the film seems weak and amateurish. The acting is below grade as if from one of those films shown in school about the pioneers. I can't blame the actors however because the lines in this film are silly and just too sickeningly sweet and optimistic.<br /><br />I must tell you that I caught this film while flipping channels one boring Saturday afternoon on a Christian television station. Not of a religious mind myself I watched in horror as Seven Alone offered up moral statements that were not only outdated but downright offensive! If I were a good Christian I would hope that I would have had the good sense to complain to the television station for airing such trash. However because I am a cynical non-believer with a wicked sense of humor I chose to sit back and laugh myself silly.<br /><br />In one of the opening scenes the role of the father as the stern ruler of the house is established when he proposes the idea of heading off for Oregon to his wife. Her response is a heated "Over my dead body." We are expected to laugh I suppose as the film cuts to the next scene with Pa and Ma smiling as he steers the wagon along through the prairies. Oh I suppose even the most staunch feminist would have to admit that this 'Father-knows-best' attitude was the norm in those days and one could argue the need for such dictatorial rule when living conditions were difficult but I somehow got the feeling that this film supported that notion even for today. Lovely message coming from a Christian television station.<br /><br />Anyway things get worse for the family and the films moral integrity is further diminished. An Indian (or Native American) robs John as he lay sleeping in a field. Like a common savage the Indian takes Johns clothes and belongings. Thankfully Pa with the help of passerby Kit Carson is able to kill the Indian as well as a couple of his delinquent friends. Kit Carson tells John that his father is a true hero.<br /><br />The family is accompanied by the wagon train's resident doctor Dr. Dutch (played by Aldo Ray). He shares Pa's sentiments about John stating that he is a useless brat. Perhaps so but he also the best thing about this film. Aldo Ray's doctor is buffoon who seems unable to tie his own shoes let alone treat one of the girls for a broken leg. Thankfully the young child didn't cry when the wagon ran over and snapped her leg in two because Dr. Dutch didn't seem to have the appropriate bedside manner. We know the drawbacks of constantly belittling a child. Here's a film that promotes that behavior.<br /><br />Later on Pa develops food poisoning or something I wasn't paying much attention and he dies. His death bed scene is the stuff great acting is made of. Frankly the man didn't even look sick.<br /><br />Soon after Ma dies too. The children are left to fend for themselves. And that's when the real adventure begins. Slugging it through the rapids encountering more Indians (these ones are nice though) and venturing through snowy terrain these children do it all. And I was left thinking "What a bunch of garbage!"<br /><br />Sorry but there was nothing redeeming about this film. This low-budget Little House on the Prairie is a shameful waste of time and an insult to 'families' everywhere. I'm surprised that in 1975 at the tail end of the feminist movement and at a time when treatment of Native Americans was coming into focus that something like this could actually be made.<br /><br />
critique5673 What a terrible TERRIBLE film! One of the worst movies I have seen in my life. I usually love movies like this the whole "A guy meets an eccentric woman who he likes but he happens to already be involved with someone who not right for him....". I expected something predictable and I didn't mind. The movies are always entertaining mixing the right amount of romance with comedy but not this one! Every single joke falls flat and the "romance" makes me want to vomit. The title character is one of the most "please kill me" characters that I have ever witnessed on my television the "eccentric woman" isn't very eccentric more like quirky and annoying. The "other someone" is the most reasonable mature person in this film but also happens to be just as annoying. This films flat out sucks there's no way around it don't waste your time.
critique5674 Billy Crystal co-wrote co-produced and stars in this extremely safe and comfy comedy-drama about fathers and sons adult irresponsibility and growing old. Billy plays a heart surgeon who has a heart attack (ha ha) which causes him to seek out his estranged father (Alan King) a movie-extra who fancies himself a big star. The script is sub-Neil Simon nonsense with one-liners galore a flat inexpressive direction by Henry Winkler (stuck in sitcom mode) and family-conflict at the ready. Crystal and King try their best but King is over-eager and frequently over-the-top. JoBeth Williams has another one of her thankless roles but manages to bring her innate down-home class to the proverbial girlfriend character. It's a comedy I guess but one that blinks back the tears...shamefully. ** from ****
critique5675 Obviously a number of agents didn't see beyond dollar signs when they signed up their clients for this 117-minute *omage* to the courtesan complex.<br /><br />Sure the film could have been alright had the $1 million been left out of it. Seriously. The amount of the check doesn't matterprostitution is still prostitution and no amount of "love conquers all" can change the fact that no marriage vows ever meant to imply "for richer for poorer for pimping as in fidelity". Picture the story otherwise though: 2 kids flat broke borderline "desperate" and completely stupid. They collide with wealthy business man. Kids' marriage is strained by imperfect times and the fact that the husband is something of a loser. Enter Mr. Tuxedo oozing charm and stability -- a virtual magnet for the ticking biological clock -- and with him the wife's temptation tensions suspense. Whom will she choose? Maybe under those conditions I could actually care. As-is frankly Redford's selfish and manipulative playboy winds up the sympathetic character. A woman who will sell herself is just about what a guy deserves who will pimp out his wife. The indecent proposition makes the husband a TOTAL loser deficient in every positive male characteristic and makes the wife a cheap strumpet seduced by money rather than confused by another potential love a woman devoid of moral center and self-respect.<br /><br />All the impressive talent (acting directing cinematography) wasted on this film -- and it was an impressive amount -- couldn't save it from its splashy-but-too-trashy $1 million pitch line. If I see this turkey at one more bridal shower I'm going to roast it! (Or maybe cross it with Titanic and pitch the tape in the ocean!)
critique5676 It's a Time Machine all right. It runs in "real time" for 96 minutes but it felt like 96 years. The first 20 minutes were utterly superfluous. Massive amounts of "dead" time throughout. What happened? When will something happen? Who cares? Apparently the film was made on a tight budget I note for your edification the following: The Morlochs: nothing like saving a little money by reusing the sets and costumes from Lord of the Rings part I hey? The "scary dude" in charge of controlling the Morlochs... The scariest thing these guys could think of was somebody wearing one of Gene Simmons: (of the band Kiss) old costumes??? Little-known fact: freaks of the future have perfectly manicured nails.<br /><br />Save your money save your time. Pass on this one.
critique5677 Based on the Elmore Leonard novel of the same name Killshot suffers from a lack of focus direction and creativity Ã‚Â– all elements which the original story likely had and negative test screenings forced severe edits (including the complete excising of a character) resulting in a film that feels almost nothing like a Leonard story. Far too many characters populate a storyline too simplistic and straightforward (not a typical trait of the author's work) and the focus continually switches between two hit men who are difficult to like and a troubled couple who don't command our sympathy. While the story itself provides precious few twists and turns sadly by the end of the film its appeal still remains a mystery. <br /><br />Washed-up hit-man Armand "The Blackbird" Degas (Mickey Rourke) follows a strict code during his missions that inadvertently sours his latest assignment. Now on the run from his former employer he haphazardly joins forces with inept misfit criminal Richie Nix (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) to gain some quick cash by extorting a wealthy realtor. When struggling couple Carmen and Wayne Colson (Diane Lane and Thomas Jane) are privy to the thieves' blundered plot they are forced into hiding as the crazed killers will stop at nothing to silence the two witnesses. <br /><br />Killshot proves that being based on an Elmore Leonard novel isn't grounds for immediate success or even a promising adaptation. The characters situations and even resolutions in the film are all tired and unoriginal and only very randomly hint at something more. It's not that there wasn't potential especially when Rourke's black-garbed calm and collected assassin perfectly executes a hit during the opening scene Ã‚Â– purpose and principals are just continually abandoned as each minute ticks away. The style and manner in which each character is introduced is the most intriguing; visually the roles of Bird and even Wayne are fleshed out befittingly giving immediate interest and depth to personas that typically end in a creative impasse.<br /><br />The pairing of the cold and calculating Black Bird with the irrational and explosive Richie is an enticing combination (comparisons to Fargo would be extravagantly too kind) except that each character seems to slowly lose track of the traits that kept them initially interesting. As Richie starts picking up the more experienced killer's habits Bird loosens his grip on his own methods of murder. Regardless of what he sees in his momentary lighthearted fling with Donna (Rosario Dawson) it's hard to imagine that his final confrontation with panicky Carmen would provoke a confession of his true nature and subsequent carelessness that drastically affects his outcome. Likely or not this is Killshot's unfortunate downfall Ã‚Â– and little entertainment can be garnered from these characters who steadily lose their originality by continually contradicting the habits that once made them intriguing. <br /><br />- The Massie Twins
critique5678 Well you'd better if you plan on sitting through this amateurish bland and pokey flick about a middle-aged widowed mom who has a little more in common with her young adult or old teen daughter than she would like. Set in Tunis mom piddles around the flat gets antsy and decides albeit reluctantly (she just can't help herself) to don the costume and dance in a local cabaret. Meanwhile her daughter is taking dancing lessons. The common denominator is a Tunisian band drummer. This film is so full of filler I watched the DVD at x2 and read the subtitles fast forwarding through much of the very ordinary dancing and loooong shots of walking (they walk everywhere) and more walking and just plain dawdling at x4 just to get though this boring uneventful low budget flick which some how garnered some pretty good critical plaudits. Go figure. (C-)
critique5679 As a girl Hinako moved away from her small village to Tokyo leaving behind her two best friends Fumiya and Sayori. She returns as a young woman surprised to find that Sayori died when she was a teenager. She reunites with Fumiya and they are horrified to learn that Sayori is mysteriously being resurrected via the island of Shikoku. Oh boy. I rented this because I like Asian horror and I think Chiaki Kuriyama a nifty actress. Unfortunately if I had to describe Shikoku in one word it would be "fruity." This movie is silly boring poorly filmed unimaginative and most of all unscary. Kuriyama has minimal screen time as the resurrected Sayori and her character is given little to work with.
critique5680 I can enjoy a guilty pleasure vigilante flick but this is just bad. And not bad in a way you might enjoy seeing MST3K make fun of it. It's just nauseatingly bad like you can't find anything to enjoy about this no matter how hard you try. I truly regret wasting 2 hours of precious life on this crap. You can tell by watching it that no one was asked to act and everyone in it knew this film would only bury their careers. Apparently "Walking Tall" has garnered enough income that someone decided they could make a buck off their investment. If it's not the worst film I've seen it's so bad that it's blotted the worse films from my memory.
critique5681 GEORGE AND MILDRED was a spin off from the mid 1970s sit-com MAN ABOUT THE HOUSE . Though I haven't seen the series since it was last broadcast I do remember it being fairly amusing with most of the comedy arising from the eponymous couple going to live beside the snobbish Fourmile family  a sort of LOVE THY NEIGHBOUR without the cynical racist gags .<br /><br />Having seen this " big screen version of the show " I find myself asking what it's a big screen version of ? Certainly not of a popular mid 70s sit com of the same name . For some reason the movie jettisons all character interaction from the television by having George and Mildred leaving the street where they live behind and getting caught up in a plot involving some serious gangsters who want something George has inadvertently picked up and which leads to some cringe making situations and lines like: <br /><br />" Did he give it to you " <br /><br />" No that's the first time a man has resisted my charms " <br /><br />" I meant the envelope " <br /><br />You do get the impression that screenwriter Dick Sharples ( Who never wrote an episode for the original sit-com ) has never seen an episode of the source material and has got the show confused with the CARRY ON series of films . In many ways it resembles the same mistakes of the latter LOST IN SPACE movie in that it has absolutely nothing in common with the series that spawned it
critique5682 Oh dear! What can I say about Half Past Dead? I was really disappointed in it. I was thinking....A Steven Seagal movie! Cool! We'll get to see him kick people and flip people and break bones. We might even get to see him have a stick fight with somebody! Excellent!<br /><br />However I was in for a rude awakening. This film can be summed up as follows:<br /><br />Take an episode of the A-Team remove the lovable and roguish characters such as Murdoch Hannibal Mr T and Face. Then get a writer/director to pen a plot even Ed Wood would be ashamed of and who's too big a fan of The Matrix and John Woo movies for his own good. Throw in a bunch of people with really bad acting ability and who don't have real names. Finally add in a main star who's getting saggy around the midriff and doesn't appear to be able to do his own stunts anymore. <br /><br />The result? Half Past Dead. An action movie so ridiculous that it at least made me smile right the way through. The plot holes are stupendously glaringly large - for example prisoners who when the jail is invaded fight the invaders rather than attempting to escape. Or how about the prison itself which has an armoury that contains heavy machineguns and rocket-propelled grenade launchers? You also have a helicopter (bearing a striking resemblance to a Huey) with some kind of video game machinegun mounted in the nose.<br /><br />Then there's Seagal himself. I like the guy. He CAN fight. He's even witty in a way that Jean-Claude Van Damme will never be. But all through the movie I kept hoping for that one great defining fight scene. Never happened. Instead we got people firing guns a lot and not hitting a whole Hell of a lot. I mean when someone runs down a narrow corridor and you fire a sub-machinegun at them there isn't a whole lot of places the bullets can go other than down the corridor and into the target. Yet somehow they miss? Even the A-Team would cringe at this foolishness. And then when it gets to any kind of one-on-one physical stuff we get treated to a shabby Matrix rip-off without the benefit of bullet-time. People getting kicked twenty feet through the air and sundry other ludicrous acrobatic nonsense.<br /><br />C'mon Steven you're better than this. Your career can't be over. Say it ain't so!<br /><br />This is instantly forgettable (except I'm forcing myself to remember for the purposes of this review) and if you watch it try to find it amusing in an A-Team kind of way. But I doubt it'll be high on anyone's "re-watchable" list. Out for Justice this ain't. More like Out to Lunch.
critique5683 First off the movie was not true to facts at all. I just saw the documentary a few days earlier and the movie wasn't anything like it. First of all Nash was a genius at mathematics and this is what the movie should have been about not a story about a man who was cured and who found love at the end and so on. Also there are a lot of scenes that were just plain wrong - the scene where he rode around with a bike at the campus happened in his early university years not after it. In my opinion Russell Crowe didn't fit to this part at all since he doesn't look the intelligent/individualist type therefore he really couldn't play one. It would have been great if it would have focused more on the mathematics (similar to Pi) and not the over-dramatized lovelife. At this level ABM was too hollywood-ish and too superficial to be great. Personally I think he wasn't mad nor paranoid and he was onto something since people of that caliber tend to know more than we "lesser mortals". 5/10
critique5684 Okay I was bored and decided to see this movie. But I think the main thing that brought this movie down was that there would be a hour of footage then basically that same hour repeated 4 times. It consists of 1. Gathering the troops and discussing the attack plan 2. Flashbacks to the men's wives 3. The approach of the troops marching in a long line 4. Men running up hill and shooting usually the first getting shot in the head then 3 other men rescuing him. 5. Defeat of the enemy and calling to base to tell of success 6. Men flashing back to wives and singing 10 minute songs. That was the basic movie and that same order of events happened about 4 or 5 times. and every time it did a flashback to the wives it would show the man then his wife and him. There were about 10 men or more who would have a flashback so this took up tons of time. Other than that the men couldn't kill their enemy except with either bayonets or grenades. I liked the music and there was a lot of action though the action was repetitive. Overall I probably wouldn't see it again but it wasn't too horrible.
critique5685 OK this movie was by far worse then the first one and the first one sucked! The zombie make up was extremely fake! The acting is very poor! And it doesn't really follow the first one! While watching this I kept thinking wow the first one is a masterpiece compared to this. I would say catch it on TV Don't spend your money on it! Its not the worst movie i've ever seen but its on the list. I started watching it last night and fell asleep so i watched it today and almost fell asleep again! The plot was pointless I mean i get the fact that a small military group are sent on a mission to get the blood of the lead zombie and bring it back so they can use it to save lives and stop zombies but they made it where you wanted everyone to die. They made plenty of bad guys who really were just annoying. If you ask me this was a rip off of resident evil and not a good rip off either. The plot could have made it if the acting was good and if they actually made you feel scared to see whats behind the corner. With these zombies my grandma could have went in that building and survived! out of a 1-10 i give it a 2.
critique5686 I was only fourteen when I first saw the Alien movies and I immediately came to like it. Original terrifying and classic. Sigourney Weaver was the perfect choice for the female hero character and she would have deserved a statuette for her act. In 1979 something everlasting was born than the immortal series continued with a nothing less legendary movie than the first. Alien3 was a different point of view but I think this part was the most stressful and unique of all this was my favourite. Unfortunately the last one was a failure in many ways. It was strained illogical with full of meaningless massacres. I didn't like it at all but I never thought that a worse part would ever be made in the future. Well as it turned out in 2004 I was wrong. Alien vs. Predator was a bad break and it should have been directed by a more talented director or should have never been made at all. But when I saw Alien vs Predator Requiem I was totally shocked moreover devastated. When I sat down and decided to watch it with full of doubt even than I had never thought that such a bad movie could be made. Without a screenplay without a director and without actors I don't understand how can a film be made. Because this film misses these three terms. What you get is a nice massacre show without a story but with a lot of annoying and boring dialogues. Waste of money and waste of time. This movie is rather impudence than honor to the fans of the both sides (Alien/Predator). Shame!
critique5687 This is your only spoiler warning. What a sad state of our cinema when unprofessional junk like this is considered "Oscar worthy".<br /><br />I divide material into three levels. The first is the stage theatre. Here the viewer is stagnant and the power rests in the presentation of the actor and most importantly in the power of the writer. A good playwright is better than a good screenwriter because he or she knows the ways of words better. The best playwrights know how to create imagery that the barren stage cannot show.<br /><br />The second level is film. In this medium a weaker writer can be used but the viewer is not sitting in one spot the entire time. With film the context can take the qualities of visual poetry and meaning in addition to strong writing. Furthermore film can manipulate everday elements like sound and color in ways that are almost surreal.<br /><br />The final level is literature. In this context everything is imagined by the author translated onto paper and then re-imagined by the reader. Far more detail can go into a novel than is conceivable for a film studio.<br /><br />This is why adaptations can go up but never down. Novelizations are never better than the base film (see the dime-per-dozen ones at your local book store) whereas the film cannot convey the same power as the original book (Catch-22 and LotR). Movies can rarely be made into plays and plays can always be made into movies.<br /><br />As for 'The Last Picture Show' it fails. It is a film that should stick to the stage because the director is too stupid to shoot anything right. The characters talk the same and act the same it's pure futility. Add to that an obnoxious soundtrack and you have an entirely unwatchable film.<br /><br />I saw this in my high school drama class with about 20 other wannabe thespians. The instructor raved about how sad the movie was. What is sad is how such stagnant work is considered depressing when the material itself is hilarious. Had this been in color the scenes of impotence the pool party and the old hooker would be considered great comedy. Look what Lucas did with 'American Graffiti' a few years later.<br /><br />The American secondary education system needs to start teaching ABOUT film rather than trying to teach WITH film. Two visually powerful downbeat films: Apocalypse Now and Barry Lyndon. Rely on them not this. It's the 'Last' I want to see of it. 1 out of 5.
critique5688 This movie "Desperate Measures" was.... I'm not quite sure how to even put it into words. Was this supposed to be a comedy? I couldn't stop laughing at how absolutely ridiculous it was. I love Michael Keaton and I cannot actually comprehend that he did this. They did a good job at keeping my attention because I couldn't wait to see how much more ridiculous it was going to get minute by minute. I actually just registered on this site so that I could get this out. I don't review movies. I don't have time for this but I cannot let this go knowing I haven't done my civil duty by letting people (those who have an IQ of 85 and above) know that this is no action/thriller It is honest to goodness funny. You people that actually got thrills off of this scare me. Go watch a good movie like Million Dollar Baby. Clint Eastwood's acting is not superb but I was balling at the end. Exercise your brain America!
critique5689 I've noticed how all the other reviews of this film mention how "wholesome" and "entertaining" it is. These people need to get out of the house more often. I don't know why they're shilling for this vapid insipid brainless piece of fluff. Pat Boone has absolutely no acting talent whatsoever and his ineptness is exceeded only by that of his co-star Pamela Austin a former model (yet one more reason to outlaw the insidious practice of inflicting talentless models on an unsuspecting moveiegoing public a foul habit that unfortunately persists to this day). A good supporting cast (Terry-Thomas Edward Everett Hortyon among others) tries hard to make some sense out of this but to no avail. I noticed that two directors shared credit although "credit" isn't the word I would use (neither is "director"). As for "wholesome entertainment" there are plenty of those types of movies available without torturing your loved ones by forcing them to sit through this. Find one of those films and skip this one.
critique5690 This is one of the worst films I have *ever* seen! It is bad even at TV Movie level standards. The plot is diabolically flawed and the known names in this film are wasted on confused uncertain characters. I don't know how the director managed to keep this excuse of a film together - it is that bad. Billed as a 'Psychological Horror Thriller' - it is certainly Horrific. There is nothing Thrilling about it. And it could do you Psychological damage! The initial opening scenes held such promise - a possible embarkation on whether the soul is just an aspect of the brain but the utter shambles that followed the car-crash scene is beyond belief. No matter how hard you try you couldn't care less about the characters. There are so many sprinkled ideas that the film is at best a collage of disconnected phrases from Chinese philosophers and at worst the film would actually make you go Brain Dead!<br /><br />I have purchased over 300 films on DVD and this is the FIRST one I'm going to get my money back on. STEER CLEAR.
critique5691 It's hard to believe that a movie this bad wasn't produced once but four times! Most movies require a certain `suspension of reality' to enjoy but this one takes it just too far. The basic scenario is an Air Force pilot who is shot down over a `Middle Eastern' country. The US government drags its feet in recovering him leading the Pilot's son (Doug Masters) to attempt a rescue mission.<br /><br />The problem I have with the movie is that it depicts the US Air Force as one colossal joke. In the movie you'll find that Doug and his friends on the air base manage to secure two F-16's all the munitions the fuel the Intel for the mission and so on. Security on this base seems to be a joke. Nobody seems to have a problem that a sixteen-year-old kid is fully qualified to pilot an F-16!<br /><br />If that wasn't enough you would think the producers would at least attempt to get the munitions right since people like to see things `blow up'. Not so! Several times in the movie Doug fires off AIM-9 Missiles on ground targets. AIM stands for `Air Intercept Missile' meaning a weapon used to strike targets in the AIR. He also fires off 15-20 missiles where the maximum an F-16 can hold is 6 AIM-9's. The movie also lacks continuity. You'll see the aircraft configured with one set of munitions and in the next scene it has a totally different munitions package. Also 20MM doesn't just completely destroy anything it touches! An F-16 will hold 500 rounds of 20MM and it's mostly used for self-defense.<br /><br />I could go on forever with plot holes flaws and outright wrong information from the movie but I won't bore you. If you're in the mood to see a good Air Force movie your choices are rather slim. Most military movies deal either with the Army Navy or Marines. Until Hollywood can come up with an Air Force movie on the lines of `Saving Private Ryan' or `A Few Good Men' we'll be forced to watch movies like the `Iron Eagle' series.<br /><br />
critique5692 I've always found the dilettante Man Ray and his artistic efforts to be deeply pretentious and I've never understood why his work attracts so much attention. Apart from his Rayographs (which he invented by accident and which are merely direct-contact photo prints) his one real contribution to culture seems to be that he was the first photographer to depict female nudity in a manner that was accepted as art rather than as porn. But surely this had to happen eventually and there's no real reason why Ray deserves the credit. The critical reaction to Man Ray reminds me of the story about the Emperor's New Clothes.<br /><br />"L'ÃƒÂ‰toile de merde" ... whoops "de mer" ... features a lot of blurry photography and a recurring visual theme of a starfish which is never explained. Starfishes have the fascinating ability to regenerate lost limbs -- and even to regenerate entire duplicate bodies -- but if that has anything to do with this movie's theme Ray neglects to say so. I was much more impressed by this movie's title cards which (in French) manage to include rhymes a pun ('Si belle Cybele') and some portmanteaux.<br /><br />As so often in Ray's work there is indeed a beautiful young woman seen in this movie. Unfortunately the photography is (largely) so blurred that we have little opportunity to appreciate her. I'll rate this mess one point out of 10.
critique5693 This is the worst sequel on the face of the world of movies. Once again it doesn't make since. The killer still kills for fun. But this time he is killing people that are making a movie about what happened in the first movie. Which means that it is the stupidest movie ever.<br /><br />Don't watch this. If you value the one precious hour during this movie then don't watch it. You'll want to ask the director and the person beside you what made him make it. Because it just doesn't combine the original makes of horror action and crime.<br /><br />Don't let your children watch this. Teenager young child or young adult this movie has that sorta impact upon people.
critique5694 those peoplewho told me"this movie is good"-shame on them!this film is for an audiencewho has no problem to watch everything{especially when it's all about tough guysgunschasing&heists}.i 'd compare this movie with"The Inside Man"{the same loss of time}. i'm tired of copy and paste movies.and i'm discontentedbut what can i do?fans of that types of movies are much more.... if you want to watch good movie from that type i will recommend to you "Lucky Number Slevin". i'm not mean i just dislike this movie{weak actorsweak scriptweak action}.probably someone else will like it.many people-many tastes.HOWEVER FOR ME"CHAOS"IS TASTELESS!
critique5695 I have tried watching this show on several different occasions and each time found it to be utterly pale of humor.<br /><br />The reason to mention one thing is that it is solely based on ridiculing anything the Republicans have done. In short it is basically Democratic party political opinions touted as humor.<br /><br />All Mr. Stewart does is wisecrack about anything the Republicans have done and the audience wets themselves in gales of forced laughter.<br /><br />My guess is that the left is so devoid of any real substance that they have to define themselves in terms of how much they all hate Republicans.<br /><br />-LD<br /><br />_____________________________<br /><br />my faith: http://www.angelfire.com/ny5/jbc33/
critique5696 Dr. Pena (Giancarlo Esposito) a "crypto-zoologist" (fancy term for one of those self-deluded losers who likes to study extremely rare - read: nonexistent - animals) and his crew of hunters manage to trap a Chupacabra a big scaly elusive fast-moving beast. To get it to the mainland they smuggle it on a Grecian cruise ship and some idiots open up the crate containing it despite being told specifically not to. I guess the strange growling noises coming from inside weren't a good enough deterrent either. The monster then does the monster thang; running around biting chunks out of various passengers until the ship's captain (John Rhys-Davies) a square-jawed special agent pretending to be an insurance salesman for some reason (Dylan Neal) a squeaky-voiced blonde Tai Bo instructor (Chelan Simmons) a bunch of guys with machine guns and others try to stop it. The main victims (who I think are supposed to be the comic relief but it's hard to tell) are an old rich bitch (Paula Shaw) with a yippy terrier and a snobby effete gold-digger (David Millbern). Apparently the monster can be knocked out with a single tranquilizer dart but can live through dozens of bullet hits. The Chupacabra design is acceptable (though unoriginal) but the rest of the movie is devoid of suspense surprise or interest. A boring Sci-Fi Channel "original" movie; they've made dozens of movies just like this with nearly interchangeable characters and plots but with slight alterations on the creature. Enough already!
critique5697 This brief review contains no spoilers since the movie spoils itself. It is wooden and pedantic. It has no saving grace whatsoever. If someone invites you to his house to watch "Mr. Imperium" don't go. Even the title of the movie is dreadful and portends what garbage lies within. The whole plot is so bad that it could drive Mother Theresa to despair!!! It wasn't a stroke that led to the early demise of poor Ezio it was having to act in this clunker that did him in. It must have haunted him the rest of his days. Perhaps he was an enemy alien and wanted revenge upon the Americans for his confinement. He found a perfect vehicle for his wrath in this travesty.
critique5698 On my continuing quest to find the worst movie of all time my friends and I stumbled upon this little gem. It is hilarious through and through especially if you don't know (like we didn't) that it's a semi-sequel to another horror series.<br /><br />I won't bother going into the plot except to mention that everyone complains about the horrible snowstorm that was coming (it was equivalent to the characters just screaming "FORESHADOWING!" at the camera and waving their arms) and in some odd twist of fate the snow storm ever occurs. Budget problems I guess.<br /><br />Add that to a magical front door that is opened or closed depending on what scare effect the director wants to create and the electricity being cut off until the gym teacher decides to take a shower with lots of soap. I'll admit it; I had trouble breathing at points.<br /><br />The only actual decent part of this movie as it turns out was from the original Slumber Party Massacre movie. It's so much funnier now that I know that.<br /><br />*SPOILER* The end where it is revealed that the slasher did it because her drunk friends stumbled in on her and a female friend making out and then the friend driving into a train or something is probably the funniest psycho killer origin ever heightened by the fabulous use of blurring and stock footage. I'm glad all of the slasher's friends forgot the incident completely until a flashback was necessary. <br /><br />Run don't walk to pick this up and see the hilarity. Of course the continuity editor should be given an award for all of this if only they weren't stuck in that horrible snow storm...
critique5699 Well at least my theater group did lol. So of course I remember watching Grease since I was a little girl while it was never my favorite musical or story it does still hold a little special place in my heart since it's still a lot of fun to watch. I heard horrible things about Grease 2 and that's why I decided to never watch it but my boyfriend said that it really wasn't all that bad and my friend agreed so I decided to give it a shot but I called them up and just laughed. First off the plot is totally stolen from the first one and it wasn't really clever not to mention they just used the same characters but with different names and actors. Tell me how did the Pink Ladies and T-Birds continue years on after the former gangs left? Not to mention the creator face motor cycle enemy gee what a striking resemblance to the guys in the first film as well as these T-Birds were just stupid and ridiculous.<br /><br />Another year at Rydell and the music and dancing hasn't stopped. But when a new student who is Sandy's cousin comes into the scene he is love struck by a pink lady Stephanie. But she must stick to the code where only Pink Ladies must stick with the T-Birds so the new student decides to train as a T-Bird to win her heart. So he dresses up as a rebel motor cycle bandit who can ride well and defeat the evil bikers from easily kicking the T-Bird's butts. But will he tell Stephanie who he really is or will she find out on her own? Well find out for yourself.<br /><br />Grease 2 is like a silly TV show of some sort that didn't work. The gang didn't click as well as the first Grease did not to mention Frenchy coming back was a bit silly and unbelievable because I thought that she graduated from Rydell but apparently she didn't. The songs were not really that catchy; I'm glad that Michelle was able to bounce back so fast but that's probably because she was the only one with talent in this silly little sequel I wouldn't really recommend this film other than if you are curious but I warned you this is just a pathetic attempt at more money from the famous musical.<br /><br />2/10
critique5700 I can't come up with appropriate enough words to describe the horror I felt sitting in that cinema watching Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag the director's half-hearted attempt to pay tribute to that classic Bollywood western Sholay. The biggest problem with Varma's remake is that he doesn't even try to make a credible film. It's evident in every single frame of this movie that Varma's heart is just not in it. What you see on screen is a bad joke at best a gimmick on the part of the filmmaker and it pains you to see what little regard he actually shows for a film he claims he's been a fan of all his life.I've seen several bad films over the years but I can't remember one that's been as much of a torture to sit through as this one. Consider yourself very brave if you're able to survive the entire film because it tests your patience like few films have before.Varma may borrow his plot and characters from the original film but his version is trite and hollow and doesn't have any of the spirit and energy of Sholay. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a mockery of that timeless gem because it turns out to be everything that the original film was not - way-over-the-top too-long-too-boring and entirely mindless. Much-loved moments from Sholay are parodied by Varma and for that you want to wring his neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay in which Dharmendra as Veeru climbs up the watertank and threatens to jump down to his death is turned around in this film with Ajay Devgan playing Hero pulling a pistol to his head threatening to shoot himself. How you wish he'd pulled the trigger and spared us all the agony.Not only does Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag fail as a remake of Sholay it's a pretty bad effort even as a stand-alone film. The eardrum-damaging background score sounds more like someone clanging vessels in the kitchen and the camera-work alternates between dramatic and head-spinning. Partners in this terrible crime of bringing this ridiculous film to screen are the film's mostly dead-as-wood actors. Sushmita Sen as Devi the widow takes both her role and the film too seriously punctuating her lines with pauses staring into camera for effect and generally performing like her life depends upon it. Mohanlal as Narsimha struggles with his Hindi dialogue and looks embarrassed to be delivering some of the stupidest lines in his illustrious career. Newcomer Prashant Raj playing Jai-equivalent Raj has no acting chops to speak of and can't strum up any of the brooding intensity Amitabh Bachchan brought to the part in the original film.As Hero the new-age Veeru Ajay Devgan is entirely hopeless failing miserably in his attempts at comedy. But the film's weakest link easily the most shocking casting decision is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo who steps into the shoes of Hema Malini as Basanti the endearing airhead from Sholay. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country but possibly the worst actress in this whole wide world she gives the word annoying a whole new meaning and she makes you want to slit your wrists every time she's on screen. And then there is Amitabh Bachchan playing Babban Singh Ramgopal Varma's version of Hindi cinema's most popular villain Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this ensemble who recognises the film's over-the-top tone and plays along accordingly Bachchan constructs a menacing character who is a treat to watch. He's meant to be a comic book villain who snarls and sneers and hisses and hams and he does all of that to good effect. But because he's trapped in such a doomed enterprise his performance doesn't really help elevate the film in any way.No surprises here I'm going with zero out of ten and two thumbs down for Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag it one's of those painful movie-watching experiences you wouldn't subject even an enemy to. It's not like Varma hasn't handled a remake before. With Sarkar he gave us a smart gripping take on The Godfather and it's a pity he's made this Sholay bhature out of such a much-loved classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst career decision ever it's also a dark spot on his resume he'll be embarrassed of forever. I suspect this film will go down in movie history as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
critique5701 I hope that Matt Dorff's original script for this was much better (there are signs of it - dialogue that should happen well before big f/x scenes (to introduce characters) that would make sense much earlier is jammed in later in the time-line; perhaps the original script was for a longer running-time. But maybe not -- in any case this reeks. Every character is uninteresting and *everybody* speaks expository passages as if they are speaking the word of god. There are characters that are entirely expository -- Dianne Wiest's "Secretary Abbot" is just awful explaining things to her assistant (and incidentally us) in endless speeches that NO ONE would say to anyone ever in real life (when she isn't explaining things to her assistant that she already knows her assistant explains things to HER that SHE already knows._ There are characters who are entirely one-dimensional -- the evil power company guy; the pilot who will just NOT SHUT UP about his personal life and concentrate on his job. The "well-meaning" power-company superdooperuber hacker-guy who can crash<br /><br />*everything* in Chicago (including the phones) -- and then gives the oh-no-what-have-I- done speech (but not leave himself a back door?). The crusading reporter who abandons her principles at the drop of a hat? The power-company shift supervisor who ABANDONS HIS POST in the middle of the worst crisis in Chicago since the Fire -- with no consequences? Hospitals ABANDONED by the doctors and nurses during the crisis (I'm not kidding that's in the movie.) <br /><br />Oh yeah and it's filled with Hollywood morality clichÃƒÂ©s -- generally women are good men are evil unless influenced by a woman (the ultimate is the punk with the gun -- deprived of a woman's influence he literally goes insane); an evil stupid act (like what the reporter did with hacker-bozo) is all right so long as you 'mean well'. Evil men die capitalist evil men die as horribly as possible everybody else lives (well except Randy Quaid). And did I hear someone say that the nuclear electrical power generating stations had to shut down because there wasn't electricity to run the safety systems (think about that one)?<br /><br />There is one ray of sunshine (if you'll pardon the expression) -- Randy Quaid basically plays his character from "Independence Day" (you know -- "Hello boys - I'm baaaack!") -- this time as a storm chaser with an infinite-range SUV and superdooper batteries for his camcorders. Nevertheless they kill him -- mostly it seems so that the audience will appreciate that tornados are pretty dangerous things (kinda shallow that.)<br /><br />Give this one a pass.
critique5702 this cartoon is not rightlol I totally disagree with a lot of things it portrayed however it ended on a positive note  but as for me and mine we will not be viewing this in our household mainly because we fight against stereotypes every day and this cartoon just confirms what most white people feel black people act like<br /><br />the comment one of the little black girls made on the cartoon was that her boyfriend was so conscious (he was white ) that really offended me that's not something we as black people take lightly conscious is a state of being that black people achieve when they realize their true ability
critique5703 The Golden Era of Disney cartoons was dying by the time the end of the 90s. This show Quack Pack shouldn't even be considered a DuckTales spin off because the show barely had anything to do with DuckTales. It's about a teen-aged Huey Dewey and Louie as they make trouble for their uncle Donald and talk in hip-hop lingo and they are fully dressed unlike in DuckTales. I prefer the little adventurous nephews from DuckTales. There are humans in Duckburg and the ducks are the only animals living in Duckburg. There's no references of Scrooge McDuck. The stories are repetitive the plot is boring but the animation is good. If you want lots of slapstick humor I recommend this to you. If you want a better Disney show watch "Darkwing Duck" or "DuckTales".
critique5704 I was so let down by this film. The tag line was something like 'The story of a girls sexual awakening'. You can only imagine how disappointed I was. I was seventeen at the time and I took my girlfriend to see it. I thought we were going to see a sexy movie that would leave my girlfriend gagging for it. Sadly that was not the case. I guess we just weren't ready for a deep and meaningful movie that required an element of sophistication that we just didn't possess at the time. I'm not so sure I possess it now and I have long since parted company with that particular girlfriend (pity really... my first love). We left the cinema half way through the film my friend who should have known better stayed for the whole thing. I still got the required result with my girlfriend the film just didn't help much. It would be interesting to see it again so that I can make a more informed critique though I feel the experience has left me scarred for life.
critique5705 This movie has beautiful scenery. Unfortunately it has no plot. In order to have a plot there must be a conflict. This movie had none. It spent two hours painting a beautiful scene and failed to ever place any activity in it. The picture tries to be artistic but fails to pay attentions to the fundamentals of story telling.<br /><br />If you love Montana scenery and fly fishing you will find some value in this film just don't expect a story. There isn't one.
critique5706 A heist film with Jean Reno Matt Damon and Laurence Fishburne... sounds great on paper? I suspect it must have done when someone green lighted the production of this movie but the end product is terrible!<br /><br />The story is dull the action boring and for a film that is only 88 minutes it seems to just drag on. I could feel my life slipping away and was sure there was something better I should have been doing... any paint to watch dry somewhere perhaps?<br /><br />Sigh. I'm a huge fan of Jean Reno but what on earth was he thinking when he signed up to this? There are so many other great action movies around... go watch one of those and let this movie be best forgotten.
critique5707 So Steve Irwin. You have to admire a man who is not only willing to throw himself into a river that clearly is filled with crocs snakes lizards tons of poop from the aforementioned reptiles and mud not only daily but with enthusiasm. He was never able to make ME want to do it but he managed to make his wife come close.<br /><br />This movie does not fall into my parallel universe of film category - the films for people who just had their teeth drilled have a migraine or have no film experience and therefore like quiet mediocrity (currently well populated by Disney films). It's too noisy. Well Steve is too noisy. He's just so happy all the time and would cut right through the blasÃƒÂ©' teenager (I can hear it now: "that movie was so STUPID") or the Tylenol with codeine. I'd say his enthusiasm is catching but if it was I would own a room full of snakes and that hasn't happened yet. I agreed they're beauties but I'm still not going to pet them.<br /><br />Plot was indeed predictable. Bad guys were so bad for a minute there I thought I was shopping at a consumer electronic superstore. But the movie was filled with animals and Steve and Terri which is why I watched it. That plot (if you could call it that) was really more of a reason to throw yet another croc in a truck. My expectations were low and stayed that way.<br /><br />I was hoping though that there would be a bit of a sequel where Steve and Terri (having worked on their acting skills) have a movie with a real plot and more animals with fur. I still can't believe we won't see Steve anymore. I hope that Terri and the children continue to be involved in the Australia Zoo and the discovery channel at least. I can't imagine seeing a crocodile without having some member of the Irwin family telling me forcefully how wonderful that croc is. Crikey!
critique5708 Having seen Versus previously I had high hopes for Alive. The description of the movie on the back of the DVD jacket sounded promising. Alive did not deliver. VERY slow development. Loads of potential with the cast and the cool visuals. The premise was intriguing but the payoff did not offset the build up. Could have done so much more at the end. Most of the movie is just " sitting around ". To put it plainly three of us were amped to sit down and watch this movie and by the 50 minute mark we were struggling to make it thru to the end. It really needed more shock elements. If you are looking for Ichi the Killer or Versus type fights then save yourself some $ and loads of disappointment.
critique5709 Nobody could like this movie for its merit but if you have a sense of humor and enjoy schlock movies for their MST3 quality then this is for you. It ranks up there with "Road House" for its preposterous characters sets and story line. The bad writing really cracked me up: "I want you to dust those guys off" instead of ". . . dust those guys." F-14s take off from the carrier but when they get into formation they're F-16s! Without a hint of anger or skepticism Segal goes back to work for the general who only minutes before was overseeing a covert "mind wipe" on Seagal. Segal runs out of bullets and resorts to a knife to kill the guards. So naturally the guards all drop their guns and fight with knives too! The hand grenade is a dud but explodes anyway. The little stealth fighter can fly all the way from California to Afganistan without refueling. Then Segal flies it back to California - the long way i.e. by way of Europe - even though there's a carrier giving him air support 20 minutes away in the Arabian Sea. The CIC in the carrier consists of 3 black PCs 2 flat screen TVs and pictures of gauges and maps on the walls. What a hoot!
critique5710 Every generation fully believes it is living in the end times. This has been true for thousands of years now. And movies like this feed on this. How did they get the great Orson Welles to narrate this train wreck? This is a documentary about the biblical prophecies of Armageddon. It tries to link the prophecies as well as it can to what was happening in the times it was made making it obviously dated and kind of silly.<br /><br />The reenactments look like they are out of "Unsolved Mysteries" but without the high production values. People should have been embarrassed to take part in this.<br /><br />In short the movie is dated silly reactionary and useless. Good if you want a good laugh but not good enough to actually look for.
critique5711 Does anything at all happen in this movie. There are only the bizarre short scenes where I didn't know what the hell was going on so that doesn't count. This movie is sooo boring it hurts and this is coming from a person who likes it when movies are about making movies. Confused? well I was after watching this crap. What was Donald Sutherland on because he missed it with this one completely. And what's with the "pedofile" scene at the beginning of the movie. Can put anyone to sleep! 4/10
critique5712 Strange how less than 2 hours can seem like a lifetime when sitting through such flat uninspiring drivel. If a story is as personal as this supposedly was to Sally Potter wouldn't you expect a little passion to show through in her performance? Her acting was completely detached and I felt no chemistry between Sally and Pablo and the tango scenes which should have been fiery given the nature of the dance were instead awkward and painful to watch. Obviously revealing such a personal story on film can be daunting and as such Sally Potter would have been wise to let a better actor take on the task rather than let her passion fall victim to her own sheepishness.
critique5713 ... And it's a not very good documentary either American MOVIE seems to have confused some people into thinking this is a spoof documentary ( " Mockumentary ) and even some newspaper TV listings described it as such . I'll not laugh out loud at that because it's easy to mistake this documentary as one big wind up ala THIS IS SPINAL TAP <br /><br />What seems to have caused the confusion is that the documentary centres around budding film maker Mark Borchardt who is .... How can I put it ? Rather self deluded ? Yes but that's not necessarily a bad thing since if we had no dreams we'd all still be living in caves and the fact that Mark is obsessed with horror movies is not to be taken as a criticism since both Sam Raimi ( Yes that one ) and Peter Jackson ( yes that one ) both started out doing low budget horror comedies so again it's not a criticism . No it's just that Mark Borchardt ( yes that one ) is a parody of American trailer trash <br /><br />Remember in THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT MARY Ben Stiller gives a lift to a dodgy hitch hiker ( " Come into my office because you're f***in' fired " ) ? Well that's who Mark resembles along with most of Jerry Springer's guests so it's very easy to see why some people thought this wasn't a real documentary . It's also not a very good documentary since Mark and co give me the creeps . Did you know that someone thought Mark would grow up to be a serial killer ? Does anyone else think there's plenty of time left for this to happen ?
critique5714 There's hardly anything at all to recommend this movie. Chase Masterson is always nice to look at and actually can act though her role in this clunker is a waste. Unfortunately the rest of the cast ranges from bad to mediocre. In a lot of films like this someone will shine through the material and you make a note of them for future reference. No such luck here. Creature Unknown" a clichÃƒÂ©d monster-on-the-loose flick with the kids getting knocked off one after the other. The monster is a man in a rubber suit which hearkens back to the days of Paul Blaisdell. So bad it's good! The rest of the show is just so bad it's bad. A little humor might have made this more palatable but everyone plays the deadly dull material straight up. There is a twist or two at the end but by then you won't care anymore.
critique5715 Although I rarely agree with filmkrÃƒÂ¶nikan I have to say that this film while not awful just didn't make me care at all... and it all just seemed to be out of place... it had its moments... three or four ones that made me snicker... but most of the time I was just sitting and wondering why? why did the characters do this? even Hot Shots characters felt more thought out and fleshed out...<br /><br />If you want to see a nice norrlands-film then watch Pistvakt. There it was more than random ethnicities that just walked around shooting each other on the Swedish tundra...<br /><br />I am so disappointed...
critique5716 I watched this film in youth group where my otherwise intuitive youth leader and his wife squeed over it. Then some adult couple at a church-related Christmas party misled themselves into giving a copy of this movie to every single family in attendance and now my household is stuck with the film (though it thankfully still remains in its shrinkwrap). I cried bitter tears over these sad events and here's why: First off: this film has good intentions especially if you're a Christian like me. This movie is trying to show that you should put your faith in God and that it'll make your life better. Not so bad right? Eh. It turns out a be a problem--a big one. This movie was made by a church so of course every single issue has to be dealt with as tastefully for Christians as possible. It is all black-and-white no gray areas. God's grace and will in this movie is a predictable thing and it comes instantly to all those who do His bidding.<br /><br />This is not the God I know. This is not the Christian life I am familiar with. The God I believe in is a powerful and trustworthy God but He is not one that grants my every wish. I follow Him as best I can though the going is often hard; yet the football team in this movie finds their humility and self-control a lot easier than anyone should EVER find it. I cannot relate to cardboard cutouts who flip from bad-side to good-side in the course of a few structured movie scenes. And when I DO follow His commandments as laid out in the Bible I certainly don't find myself showered in blessing as these characters do. The largest of my immediate rewards is knowing that I have done the right thing; everything else comes with long messy arduous work.<br /><br />But take the example this movie sets: Grant Taylor coaches the football team at Shiloh Christian school which has had 6 losing seasons in a row. He may lose his job over it and he and his wife are low on money as it is. They want a baby but the doctor tells him he is sterile. Oh and his car doesn't work. And the boys on his football team are disrespectful to their parents whiny after their million losses and bad at kicking field goals. This is sure one rundown community here.<br /><br />But wait Grant Taylor decides he's going to trust in God for everything! And he passes on his faith to his team. So far so good. Not for long. As they begin to obey blessing literally POUR in on them. Suddenly the students stop disrespecting their parents; the school has a big "revival"; the team starts winning EVERY game; they even win the grand championship against the hardest team in the league! Coach Taylor's job is reassured; the school gets him a shiny new truck as a present (which by the way is the epitome of shallow fair-weather employers); he gets a raise; his wife (get this) even gets pregnant from his sterile sperm! And that skinny kid manages to kick his first darn field goal right when it really matters!! Wowzers woot yay praise the Lord etcetera etcetera!!! ...<br /><br />Yipe. Just YIPE. Nobody in my church has ever experienced Christ in a such a cut-and-dry manner. Yes there have been miracles aplenty in my family as well as gifts and creature comforts and I attribute them to God's grace and lovingkindness. But God isn't some faucet tap that you turn on and off by being good or bad! He is by and large a mystery; His gifts come unexpectedly often when you think you don't need them but you really do. It's a long hard slog to the road of fulfillment and things NEVER turn out the way you thought they would.<br /><br />This movie has good intentions. But because of its supreme shallowness and total escapism it tanks tremendously to a 1/10. The bad acting and sports movie clichÃƒÂ©s seem to be mere pimples next to the leprous falsehoods that this movie inadvertently pushes.<br /><br />To all you future churches planning to make a movie: don't be afraid to show REAL life even you have to add some inconvenient truths into the mix. However much the baser populace is wowed by this cotton candy treat nobody has learned anything substantial from it. Give us the meat the bones the REAL stuff! True life applies to everyone not just Christians and that's one aspect "Facing the Giants" didn't manage to grasp.
critique5717 Woody Allen (who I have to confess at the outset I have never been a big fan of) directed this quasi-documentary about the life of Emmett Ray (Sean Penn) a 1930's jazz guitarist whose star apparently shone for a while then quickly faded. Penn does a credible job in the role portraying a complicated and somewhat neurotic man (not unlike Allen himself which perhaps explains why Woody would be attracted to this project) who can't maintain relationships and whose twin passions (aside from guitar playing) were shooting rats at the dump and watching trains.<br /><br />There isn't a great deal of consistency to the story. It's narrated in a sense by a series of modern-day jazz "experts" (one of whom is Allen himself) who relate their various theories and interpretations of different events in Ray's life. The end result is a wildly inconsistent account of the life of a fictional man who seems to have been given a fairly interesting life story by his creators who probably should have done a better job with it. <br /><br />Jazz fans and fans of Woody Allen will probably enjoy this. As for me? The best I can give it is a 3/10.
critique5718 I had always been a big Lynda Carter-Wonder Woman fan so when the Sci-Fi Channel ran this movieI had to see it.I was bitterly disappointed.This is a Wonder Woman movie in name only.She doesn't wear the right costume she must have refused to or had ordered major changes and the plot runs like a poor man's James Bond.There's none of the things that made the comic book heroine a success i.e. the superhuman strength or determined will.It's just one long bad dream.I don't even think Cathy is all that attractive anyway.I wouldn't waste your time on this.
critique5719 It is considered fashion to highlight every social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance however moronic this illogical 'logic' may be. However within the story and theme of the film there is no grey area and the woman who should be called the film's antagonist is the ''villain of the story''. Under no circumstances can what she did be justified. Sexuality of women is just hype in this case and has nothing to do with the actuality. It is betrayal of the ultimate sort. The man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man's offspring. To top it all the most feeble of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated' female characters in the climax is pathetic. A woman's sexual needs are no excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse there are no other children. So in essence his life has been wasted. In some societies where justice still prevails such situations result in the execution of the unjust.
critique5720 This film is a great disappointment. Director Vicente Aranda has provided many interesting films throughout his long career some of them were highlighted by strong and powerful performances by Spanish actress Victoria Abril. In JUANA LA LOCA he relies on a gifted actress as well  newcomer Pilar Lopez de Ayala but this is barely the sole positive element in an otherwise terrible mess of a movie. While Lopez de Ayala tries hard to portray Juana as a romantic and passionate young woman completely obsessed by love to her handsome husband it seems as if she weren't able to develop her character over this one-dimensional feature; Juana was an important figure in Spanish history and politics of that time were essential in her storyline... but here she's introduced as a romantic leading lady out of a soap opera; this is a real pity and the film a missing opportunity to show the way personal lives can influence History and vice versa. Worst of all Italian actors Daniele Liotti and Manuela Arcuri turn out in real bad performances which in the case of Liotti is a real problem as he portrays Felipe el Hermoso a pivotal role in this story. It seems a clear choice to attract young audiences as both of them look like top-models of this era. On the other hand talented actors such as Giuliano Gemma and Rosana Pastor are completely wasted in supporting roles clearly underdeveloped. Even if this was a big-budgeted film little care was taken in bringing a good screenplay or creating "period pieces" on the screen. Costumes are particularly grotesque in some of the group scenes as if they were taken from stock materialwithout regarding of a real coherence. All in all the main problem with JUANA LA LOCA (and this is what makes the difference with far superior historical films as LA REINE MARGOT or ELIZABETH) is the lack of a director's point of view. This a strange turn in Aranda's career as he was able to develop it in other works (LIBERTARIAS and AMANTES come to my mind) creating very personal and interesting movies while this JUANA really is no more than a routine academic historical piece... and a not very good one at that!
critique5721 Quite one of the worst films I have ever seen. Terrible acting laughable 'action' (it's clear that the cars are travelling slowly) atrocious script hideously unsatisfying ending and incompetent direction make a hash of a movie. We know Judge Reinhold is a fine actor but he should be ashamed of this detritus. There is no great tension within the car and when the characters stumble upon moments of hope they laugh like inane banshees for some reason even 'high five-ing' when they see the bridge lowered!<br /><br />Also the chain of events that lead these people to share the same car strains credibility. Apparently based on true events though? If that's the case truth is evidently stranger than fiction! Unfortunate then that it was portrayed in such an inept manner.
critique5722 Seemingly intended to be a thriller of a movie winds up being almost laughable. It prompted me to exclaim "Oh my God!" more than once at the convoluted contrivances of plot that were just plain silly.<br /><br />Fanciful or absurd locations just for the sheer novelty or dramatic situation and improbable near impossible human reactions and circumstances are too much to be comprehended as to why they exist.<br /><br />If you have the time and wish to discover just how bad a picture can be then you will want to see this one. Otherwise dedicate some time into watching some paint dry for a more productive investment of time!<br /><br />(That a film released in 2003 is already being shown on TV in July 2003 might give an indication of the film's quality)
critique5723 I really wanted to like this movie - the location shots were mostly filmed in Pittsburgh and the trailer had some wonderful photography. But even for a filmed cartoon it was a really badly-made movie. The continuity and pacing were both simply awful. The best bits in the movie are under the ending credits so it's (almost) worth sticking it out to the end (though oddly it does pick up a little over the last half hour or so).<br /><br />When the best performance in a movie is by Andy Dick you know there's got to be a problem...
critique5724 ...you know the rest. If you want a good zombie movie DON'T RENT THIS MOVIE. If you want a documentary-esquire look at "hood life" you're at the wrong place as well. If you're looking for a laughable piece of film this is a real winner! The acting is as flat as a piece of paper. The best example of this is definitely the officer investigating the drive-by. I can tell that he did the voice for the 911 operator as well by the flat tone of his voice. If I could hear a cardboard box talk it'd probably sound like this guy. Oh yea and the "zombies" did their best snake impression which is on par with their FANTASTIC acting overall (note sarcasm...HOW DID THIS NOT WIN AN Oscar FOR BEST MAKE-UP) The Quiroz......did not do any sort of directing. I felt like I was watching an improvisational period piece (the period is more like 1990's LA) The direction is however one-uped by the worst script I think to ever grace a movie. I haven't heard such lovely lines like the epic one word beginning to the movie "F**k!" since Ice Grill which was another "urban" thriller. This only works of course in conjunction with the also-epic hip-hop soundtrack! All 3 or so songs of it! All in all what the hell did you expect from a movie entitled "Hood of the Living Dead"? I rented this movie with full intention to laugh at its every scene and boy it delivered and MORE! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to get together with a bunch of guys and laugh at a low budget horror (yea right...) movie for the night. A memorable experience for sure!
critique5725 The story: Young-goon is a girl whose family has a history of mental illness. She ends up in a mental institution after she starts believing that she is in fact a cyborg. In the institution she meets Park Il-sun a young man who develops a bond with her.<br /><br />If you're reading this you probably already know how talented Chan-wook Park is. But 'I'm A Cyborg...' is a big departure from familiar and (sadly) stronger territory. I'm a big fan of any film or story which is attempting to do something different. God knows we all get subjected to enough crap at our local cinemas. The main point about the movie I need to say is that it fails to say anything about mental illness or create a characters that you care about.<br /><br />This story has to be one of the weirdest things I've seen in years...but weird isn't enough. There's no heart to the movie...just surrealism and confusion. Confusion does seem to be the main theme of the movie. The characters all try to make sense of their own problems but it's Chan-wook Park himself who proves to be the most confused of them all.
critique5726 There wasn't a 0 in the voting option so i was compelled to use the next available figure.<br /><br />It is a sad day for bollywood when such type of movies which have star-cast actors is nothing more are than a bunch of juvenile acting and an awful script.<br /><br />This movie is nowhere near to be called a clone of Hitch. Salman khan with his usual take-off-you-shirt theme and Govinda with his in-humorous laughs. If somebody had told 2 decades ago that I would be writing a comment on Salman (after his success with Maine Pyar Kiya) I would have written him/her off.
critique5727 I wasn't really hoping for much when I went to see this. After Mst3king the heck out of JasonX with some friends though I was hoping for a similar experience here.<br /><br />Unfortunately the movie took itself way too seriously. Do I care about Jason's problems? I'm sorry no. There are a legion Ft13th movies that cover that anyway. At at then end of the day he's an undead serial killer I'm just not going to get that sympathetic.<br /><br />Freddy was by far the most interesting aspect of the movie with the hallucinations and what not but unfortunately they were few and far between and by the end of the movie it had degenerated into a bad episode of celebrity deathmatch...only not funny.<br /><br />
critique5728 It borrowed scenes from LOTR Matrix Star Wars etc. The humor is so dry contrived and corny that you can't help but laugh occasionally at its inanity and the fact that you are watching it. Exactly what you'd expect from an HK comedy. The average person would enter with an IQ of 100 and leave with less than 80. Stephen Chow is an obvious omission from this movie. The humor would have worked better with Stephen. The Mandarin version of this movie is not as good as the Cantonese original. The graphics are poor compared to its Hollywood counterparts. There is overdependence on low quality CG. My biggest complaint is its ending. The origin of the white horse is so clearly described in the "Journey to the West" (JW) that this alternate explanation does not work well with story line. Despite its many flaws this movie has far more entertainment value than the other movie Nicholas Tse starred in--The Promise.
critique5729 ..that separate good memorable movies from movies like this. Its not entertaining touching funny interesting and at times feels a little sub-human. The principals act like they are other-worldly in the worse way when they are supposed to be relating to each other and the audience. <br /><br />Starts out conventionally enough. Rich kid gets new car for graduation but the dean says he can't have the car until after the ceremony. Goes joy-riding nonetheless and stops in the diner on the wrong side of the tracks for a quick argument with the local yokels. Wise-asses the waitress/girlfriend of the head yokel. Shockingly they play chicken until they accidentally burn down the diner they left three minutes earlier (aren't all diners five feet from the gas station?).<br /><br />They told they have to Pay The Price in court so the only reason to get this 'fish out of water' to stay in town is to come up with the scenario that both boys have to assist in the rebuilding of the diner. Worse than that the rich kid in staying with the family of the un-rich kid..in the room above the attic. That 'room above the attic' has rescued many a person in need of a bed..<br /><br />Rich kid inexplicably is treated well by the girlfriend who never mentions to him that he nearly killed her. This does not bode well of course with her boyfriend and is never fully explained. You don't know why Sam (Leelee Sobieski) falls for Kelley (Chris Klein) or why Jasper (Josh Hartnett) allows it. <br /><br />Chris Klein is tolerable Leelee completely intolerable and Josh does not register much of an impression. The character with the most life is the judge that sentences Kelley and Jasper to help re-build the diner. She gets off at least one funny remark which is more than anyone else does. Everyone is so morose and humorless that you will feel a little sill if you even think of smiling while the movie is on. <br /><br />The ending is one way to end the piece not the most original but at least it was over. I don't enjoy trashing a movie that some little girl somewhere in the world might really love but since I am not one I have to. The nicest thing I can say about this movie is that its not mean-spirited and although it fails to compel its innocence and home-spun corny dialogue comes from a nice place. 4/10.
critique5730 I saw this movie last month at a free sneak preview and I walked out. It was pretty horrible. In the process of trying too hard they over acted and made a horrible movie. I was disappointed since I felt all the actors had made respectable choices in the past so this one couldn't be that far off the mark--but I was wrong. I was hoping they would give out a survey at the end of the movie so I could tell them not to release this movie. I was lured in by the free aspect of the preview but it turned out to be a waste of my time--and usually I'm very easily amused. It tried to be innovative and creative with the shots ideas and filming but because they threw together so many ideas at once it failed. I'm not usually picky about movies and I usually don't feel the need to display my opinions about movies but I had to warn everyone not to watch it. I registered on IMDb just to tell all of you guys
critique5731 never before has a film driven me to write a review but this was just dire.i stuck with it trying to find what it was about this film that made snoop pick it as his first serious role but frankly it was a poor choice.maybe this made a good book but it certainly did not work for me as a film.i found it unbelievablelacking atmosphere and i found many of the scenes hideously stilted.a musical maestro he may be but a serious actor snoop ain't.the acting by Dylan mcdermott and rose byrne was passable but not enough to carry a weak plot with feeble dialogue. perhaps i have just entirely missed the point but to me it didn't fit into any genreit didn't elicit any empathy with the characters nor did it create any suspensein fact i found myself praying for the end and quelling a deep desire to slap all three of the main characters!
critique5732 This film actually works from a fairly original idea - I've never seen nymphs that were thrown out of heaven in a horror movie before anyway. However the way that it executes this idea isn't original in the slightest; we follow a bunch of kids that for some reason decide to go on a trip into the forest. The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs make it more interesting than merely another forest filled by rednecks/nutcases/zombies etc; but really the monsters are just a variation on the common horror in the woods theme. Many films of this ilk don't have a single good idea - and it would seem that this one has worn its brain cells out with just that one. The only real asset that the monsters bring to the table is the fact that they're beautiful women that the characters lust for rather than being hideous grotesques that they want to run away from. This is good up until a point; but it soon gets boring and the almost complete lack of any back-story surrounding the central monsters ensures that the film is never going get itself out of the 'horror trash' category.<br /><br />It's been years since The Evil Dead made the woodlands a prime horror location and in spite of films like The Blair Witch Project; it still makes for an excellent horror setting. This is one of the film's major assets as the forest presents a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that Forest of the Damned doesn't ever seem to have much up its sleeve. The death sequences show a distinct lack of imagination and the fact that all the characters are clichÃƒÂ©d in the extreme doesn't help as you're more likely to be looking forward to seeing them get killed rather than hoping they can get away. The cast is made up of kids mainly but there is a role here for Tom Savini; who unfortunately doesn't get to have fun in the special effects department. The only real highlight the film has where personnel are concerned comes from the nymphs themselves. The naked ladies tend to look great and if it wasn't for them this film would get very boring very quickly. There's nothing to recommend this film for really; but if you want a daft little horror film that harks back to the style of eighties woodland flicks you might find some enjoyment here.
critique5733 I've always said that there's nothing to beat the original form: the comics. I've been proved right again. This like all of the other movie takes on the Asterix series failed to impress. The makers of this movie don't get it that what makes all the other such comic-turned-movies (x-men superman et al.) ventures successful is that they all deviate from the original comic versions and adapt it to make it more watchable. Agreed this movie did deviate in the sense that this movie was a cross of two Asterix books viz. Asterix and the Great Crossing & Asterix and the Normans. Also uncharacteristic of the Asterix series (save Asterix and the Secret Weapon)  a love interest for one of the main characters was introduced. All this ended up doing was create a childishly immature storyline. The funny parts were very few and far between. All in all a total waste of time and money watching this let alone at theaters even at home.
critique5734 I felt that the movie Skammen directed by Ingmar Bergman was very dry. It shows the things people will do to survive during a war and the shame that comes out of these actions; however I feel that it was not complete or attention holding. He never fully got into the plot or deep into the character emotions or reasons behind their actions. The only thing that I found rather attention holding in the movie was the transformation of the two main characters Jan and Eva. Many times during the movie was just the two main characters sitting around or doing their daily chores and not even having a conversation. I understand this was to show the reality of these people however I feel there are other ways to show reality and have it be entertaining. I think that Ingmar Bergman could have filmed this movie in a more riveting way.
critique5735 I don't know how this movie received so many positive reviews on this site! I'm a big vonnegut fan and am very familiar with the story this Showtime original film bastardized beyond belief but even if I wasn't the poor acting VERY poor casting (Sean Astin as the brilliant athletic and all around individual Harrison?? The guy's completely generic!) and sub-standard writing rendered this tripe barely watchable. Someone pointed out how cute that Maculay Culkin line was. If you read that and thought that was pure comic brilliance (sadly it probably was the most INTENTIONALLY funny part of the movie) maybe you'll like this movie. But if you're a Vonnegut fan or not completely insane don't see it. Please.
critique5736 This is pretty much the first Jason Scott Lee film I've seen. I say pretty much because I have also seen Soldier in which he plays the villain... but from what I've heard it's not considered a Jason Scott Lee film. This however is. And if this is any indication of the quality of such films I won't be seeing any of the others. Lee is basically passable as a martial arts artist... as the lead he's awful. He gets in a fight with random no-name characters every few minutes of the film probably because the script writer couldn't figure out how else to stretch out the film to the minimum required running time for a feature film. The villain is the only character with even a hint of personality and aside from the fact that he's certifiably insane he barely seems like a villain at all. The majority of the film is basically Lee chasing the villain through time... or maybe it's the other way around. I can't say for sure... and I definitely wouldn't watch it again to make sure. The effects are not completely horrible... but it's close. The title comes from the popular idea of using a time-machine to go and kill Hitler. Somehow the film screws up that interesting idea as well. The plot is too complicated for its own good. The pacing is poor. I can't think of one positive thing to say about this film... I really can't. It's simply too formulaic and pointless. If only I had a time-machine so I could go back and prevent this film from ever being made... no never mind. I just hope as few fragile minds are exposed to this as possible. Listen to the negative reviewers. Avoid this turkey. I recommend this to fans of Lee and no one else. If you're looking for a quality film... well this isn't it. That's for sure. 1/10
critique5737 I think Downey was perhaps inspired by French new-wave.<br /><br />Who wasn't?<br /><br />Unfortunately what he ended up creating here was more along the lines of crackhead new-wave.<br /><br />A synapse is obviously a terrible thing to lose and Downey appears to have lost plenty. <br /><br />Just say no indeed. In more ways than one. Including to watching this film.<br /><br />I couldn't bear it after a while and began fast forwarding through it. It would have been wiser to have just skipped it altogether.
critique5738 This is strictly for Pryor fans. Just because he was a great funny guy doesn't mean this is more than a B-Movie. The script is awful it just meanders around constantly ridiculing crime and prisoners of war. It balances between comedy and melodrama and keeps falling on its face doing justice to neither. <br /><br />First there are 30 minutes of rather unrealistic uninspired Vietnam prisoner of war time Ã‚Â– the guy is playing basketball at one point... How more can you pander to your audience?... That prison time is boring unconvincing and already can easily put one to sleep. <br /><br />Back in the U.S. the guy for no real reason at all is considered a "war hero". Yet he is of course quickly forgotten by the public and seems to be stumbling into all kinds of wacky mishaps. Or are they really? We will soon find out. Yawn. There are annoying clichÃƒÂ©s: his sick mother his little daughter he never meets a high end whore falling in love with the hero etc. It is very odd how this movie constantly switches from tragedy to slapstick in one instant. Doesn't work at all. <br /><br />Overall this in fact is just a bad comedy and does a disservice to prisoners of war. Just because this guy was a great stand-up comedian played in a few good movies and died of MS is no reason not to be annoyed by this silly unconvincing unfunny comedy. But if you like Richard Pryor you will probably be thrilled by him reading 3 hours of Dadaist poetry.
critique5739 Tony Goldwyn is a good actor who evidently is trying his hand at directing. "A Walk on the Moon" appears to have borrowed from other better made films. The present story takes place in the late sixties at a summer resort for working class Jews not far from Woodstock. The screen treatment by Pamela Gray doesn't have much going for it so it's a puzzle why Mr. Goldwyn decided to tackle this film as his first attempt at direction.<br /><br />The Kantrowitz family is spending some time at the resort. We see them arrive at the small bungalow that is going to be their temporary home. Marty the father comes only for the week-end; he works in what appears to be a family small appliance business repairing television sets mostly. In a few days the first man will walk in space so the excitement is evident.<br /><br />The Kantrowitz women are left behind. Pearl Marty's wife and her mother-in-law Lilian spend idle days in the place until the "blouse salesman" arrives. Pearl goes browsing and she finds much more than a shmatte; she gets the salesman as well. It appears that Pearl and Marty have no sexual life at all. After two children Pearl who appears to be sexy and with a high libido is ready for some extra marital fun.<br /><br />That is the basic premise for the film which becomes a soap opera when the young daughter Alison decides to play hooky and go to the Woodstock festival nearby where horror of horrors she witnesses her own mom making out with the blouse salesman! What's a girl to do? Well stay tuned for the grand finale when all the parties are happily reunited by the little son's bedside when he is stung by wasps and the salesman comes to apply some home remedy and daddy is called from the city after knowing about Pearl's betrayal with the younger stud.<br /><br />Poor Diane Lane she went to make "Unfaithful" later on which is the upscale version of this dud. Viggo Mortensen is the salesman who caters to his lonely female customers whispering little somethings in their ears! Liev Schreiber as Marty the cuckolded husband doesn't have much to do. Anna Paquin plays the rebellious Alison and Tovah Feldshuh is the unhappy Nana who would like to have stayed in the city watching her soap operas instead of witnessing first hand one that is playing in her own backyard!<br /><br />Watch it at your risk or pop the DVD in the telly when you have a fun crowd at home and you really want to have a laugh or two dishing the film.
critique5740 First of all this movie isn't a complete disaster. If you had never heard of the real story of Gram Parsons then it might seem a reasonably entertaining diversion. Johnny Knoxville can't really be criticised for his performance as Phil Kaufman - he's pretty good at looking laid-back and down to earth and you can sort of root for his long-suffering everyman. Michael Shannon is due credit for pretty much the same reasons except he's a hippy stoner. There are some good individual comedic scenes - the hippy-hearse crashing into the airport hanger door stands out. But that's where the good things end and we begin to see the aspects that make this movie so truly disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as Gram's actual father is an invention so disgraceful as to cast a taint over the entire film. We all know his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could surely be compared to Gram's life on the edge by a better film-maker. Having Forster as his supposed real father and not his step-father would be bad enough if not for the well known difficulties Gram had with the man who actually flew to collect his body. It has been suggested that his step father had admitted to providing Gram's mother with alcohol as she lay dying and that this enraged Gram when he later found out about it. Also the controversy over where Gram's body was buried would surely be reason enough not to invent a benevolent made-up father who actually catches up to the duo and their hearse but then allows them to go ahead with the burning. Whatever the truth about the man who Gram got the name Parsons from he certainly bore no resemblance to Forster's character here and it is hard to see why this role was written. Then there's the addition of Christina Applegate as a greedy chick (yet very pretty of course) who wants Gram's body back so that she can begin to cash in on his estate. Her character and her acting are non-existent and one wonders why the director didn't just go the whole hog and include a lesbo scene between her and the chick who plays Kaufman's girlfriend(it wouldn't have lowered the tone a whole lot more). When you think of the ingredients that could have been used in a good movie about Parsons the shortcomings of this film are easily apparent. Country music being changed by a young polite southern gentleman - who was also long haired drug loving popular with the ladies and ultimately self destructive. Real events like the hanger door crash and the painted hearse and friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things we have to concentrate wholly on Kaufman's input into Gram's life. Kaufman is obviously still lapping up the cult status he received for what he did (he certainly is a little cult). From interviews it is obvious that he's delighted with the attention. Remember this is the man who made a remark about the genitalia of the naked corpse of Gram Parsons as he was preparing to set it alight. What he did was not an act of great loyalty but a doped up alcoholic escapade. Looking at Knoxville and the director in interviews a few things become clear also. It's obvious that they have no real grasp of the story of Gram's life nor do they wish to have. They want a hit movie about an event that is infamous and crazy. It was an amazing life with a strange end. That the end is the only thing covered by this movie shows how limited an understanding of Gram Parsons the makers had.
critique5741 Everything you do in this world should make at least a little bit of sense. Unfortunately very little of "Delusion" makes any sense. Jennifer Rubin is adequate in her role as the main squeeze of hit man Kyle Secor. Secor on the other hand overacts to the point of annoyance. Jim Metzler the embezzling yuppie is very unbelievable as the novice revenge seeking adversary. When Jennifer Rubin gives back the money she has carefully been concealing all credibility flies out the window and the guns pointing final showdown between Secor and Metzler is beyond ridiculous. Avoid "Delusion" unless you are delusional enough to believe the misguided positive reviews here. - MERK
critique5742 This movie was so poorly acted. What was with Jeff Bridges accent horrible and unbelievable. Was it supposed to be French Scandinavian?The script was lame. To have the heroine trip over the grave of her boyfriend while running from the Jeff Bridges character...are you kidding me? How convenient that Jeff brings his dirty shovel in the house after he disposes of bodies in his lawn. Do these people just not believe in calling the cops? Okay...I'll get into the car with you why not? DUH! Why was Bridge's daughter obsessed with making her dad have an affair is her mother that evil or just plain dull? I did not see the original it would be hard to make myself after seeing this movie.
critique5743 so... it's really sexist and classist and i thought that it might not be in the beginning stages of the movie like when stella tells steven that she would really like to change herself and begin speaking in the right way and he tells her not to change. well he certainly changed his tune and it seems that the other reviewers followed suit. what at the beginning appears to be a love story is really about social placement and women as sacrificial mothers. the end of the movie does not make her a hero it makes the whole thing sad. and its sad that people think it makes her a hero. perhaps that is the comment of the movie that people should take away. positive reception reflects continual patriarchal currents in the social conscience. yuck.
critique5744 It must be assumed that those who praised this film ("the greatest filmed opera ever" didn't I read somewhere?) either don't care for opera don't care for Wagner or don't care about anything except their desire to appear Cultured. Either as a representation of Wagner's swan-song or as a movie this strikes me as an unmitigated disaster with a leaden reading of the score matched to a tricksy lugubrious realisation of the text.<br /><br />It's questionable that people with ideas as to what an opera (or for that matter a play especially one by Shakespeare) is "about" should be allowed anywhere near a theatre or film studio; Syberberg very fashionably but without the smallest justification from Wagner's text decided that Parsifal is "about" bisexual integration so that the title character in the latter stages transmutes into a kind of beatnik babe though one who continues to sing high tenor -- few if any of the actors in the film are the singers and we get a double dose of Armin Jordan the conductor who is seen as the face (but not heard as the voice) of Amfortas and also appears monstrously in double exposure as a kind of Batonzilla or Conductor Who Ate Monsalvat during the playing of the Good Friday music -- in which by the way the transcendant loveliness of nature is represented by a scattering of shopworn and flaccid crocuses stuck in ill-laid turf an expedient which baffles me. In the theatre we sometimes have to piece out such imperfections with our thoughts but I can't think why Syberberg couldn't splice in for Parsifal and Gurnemanz mountain pasture as lush as was provided for Julie Andrews in Sound of Music...<br /><br />The sound is hard to endure the high voices and the trumpets in particular possessing an aural glare that adds another sort of fatigue to our impatience with the uninspired conducting and paralytic unfolding of the ritual. Someone in another review mentioned the 1951 Bayreuth recording and Knappertsbusch though his tempi are often very slow had what Jordan altogether lacks a sense of pulse a feeling for the ebb and flow of the music -- and after half a century the orchestral sound in that set in modern pressings is still superior to this film.
critique5745 Final Score: 0 (out of 10)<br /><br />***Possible scene specific spoilers (but who the hell cares)***<br /><br />Yes that's right: zero. And I rarely give 1's. Even for the lamest of movies I look for things like music cinematography imagination it's humor even a good pace to be as objective about the score as possible. Looking at it within it's own genera or subgenera. But there is absolutely nothing redeeming here. I can't remember another time a movie actually sent me pacing up and down the room when it was over. The only reason I made it to the end was because I couldn't seem to change the channel - I sat there simply aghast watching to see what insultingly stupid bit it would come up with next. It was like watching a snake digest a rat. <br /><br />But let's have some fun and pull this baby apart shall we. First of all There is nothing technical about "Whipped" that works. The visuals are all sitcom style. The cut scenes all just pictures of the street traffic going by at night over and over. The music and score not only doesn't contribute anything to the movie - it's obnoxious. Not to mention it doesn't have anything to contribute to anyway. The acting is as cardboard as it comes all around and that goes for Amanda Peet (clearly the "star" that got this train wreck green-lighted) too. These guys supposedly good friends have no more chemistry or sense of purpose then if director Peter M. Cohen had rounded them up at a bus station minutes before shooting.<br /><br />On the creative side there isn't an original bone in it's body. It has no imagination. It shows us nothing we haven't seen a thousand times before. The whole premise or "twist" of this movie is based on male-bashing and the "idea" that an empowered women can play men "just as they get played". Anybody that thinks this is somehow a twist or is in any way original has obviously never turned on a TV before. Twisted shallow women are common. Male-bashing is the norm. It's not stealing from anything specifically it's worse: it's stealing from clichÃƒÂ©s. I can't imagine a women making a movie that depicted other women based so much on stereotypes and with this sense of contempt. Makes me want to go rent "In the Company of Men" - or better yet "There's Something About Mary". This movie wants to be a "edgier" version of "There's Something About Mary" so bad you can see the sweat. <br /><br />The movie has no insights into women men dating sex or really anything. Cohen is simply content to regurgitate myths he has been indoctrinated with from other sexist movies. On the other end the movie doesn't work as a satire either because even though it is ripe with exaggerations one could view as "satirical" it doesn't have that grounding in reality that satires need. It doesn't even know what it's satirizing. Then there's the dialogue which is little more then the characters screaming obscenities at each other. Example: Character 1: "F**k you" Character 2: "Oh yeah well f**k you" (repeat)<br /><br />And the bottom line the thing that could excuse all the other discretions: There are a lot of movies without plots without good acting with morally repulsive characters and obscenity laced dialogue that have been funny and thus been good. "Whipped" ain't funny. Not for a second. It has no comic skills or timing. The situations are all completely phony not based in any shred of truth especially enough to wring laughs out of us. The characters all broadly drawn so they will SEEM relatable to the lowest of the lowest common denominator. Just look at "the marquee scene" "cult classic" hair gel scene. One of our bumbling anti-heroes opens the medicine cabinet and sees Mena (Peet)'s vibrator. For some reason light shines down on it as if he's found the holy grail. Why Cohen thinks men react this way to vibrators I do not know. While he rubs it on himself he drops it in the toilet and then attempts to fish it out with his bare hands when oh my Mena walks in on him. Oh my sides. <br /><br />But strangely enough people actually like this movie. Of course people also like "Friends" and reality dating shows so I shouldn't be surprised. All of this has a common thread however. "Whipped" is big evidence to me that there is just a huge pocket of people in America that will laugh at any joke just because it is about sex. They will like any show or movie (or think they like it) just because it is about dating or relationships. It's lack of any quality has no baring on these people. Just as people are indoctrinated to want whiter teeth and thinner bodies to sell toothbrushes and weight loss programs they are also indoctrinated to blindly lap up anything dating/relationship related to sell them cheap empty effortless TV movies and any number of products. <br /><br />The only consilation will be that when I die because I saw this movie I've got a credit to get 80 minutes of my life back. <br /><br />
critique5746 Don Wilson stars as Jack Cutter (Ooh real tough name!)a vampire slayer who goes up against a vampire army you see the story is a little different because vampires can't be killed with silver crosses or sunlight but rather through snapping their necks (How convenient as it cuts down on the budget) and it's here Cutter runs into a reporter (Melanie Smith of Trancers III fame) Night Hunter's action sequences shake for no reason during the fight sequences and although it's meant to emphasize the mood it just makes the movie more jarring. What is worse is that these fight sequences are botched beyond belief as Wilson's martial artistry is disguised by disjointed editing. Of course the most interest comes from the fact that indeed this predates Blade however the problem is that this was done on a small budget and that it had Don Wilson in it. It's from Roger Corman and basically this turkey is a movie most people would pay NOT to see. I unfortunately am a bottom feeder and I cater to the section of the store looking for gems in this line of work you always run into turds. With Night Hunter I just may have the world's stinkiest turd.<br /><br />1/2* out of 4-(Awful)
critique5747 Cabin Fever is the first feature film directed by Eli Roth.Roth and Randy Pearlstein co wrote the script from a story by Roth.this a zombie filmwhich owes a lot to George Romero and his earlier "living dead movies"and to the original Texas Chainsaw Massacrenot to mention Sam Ramie's "Evil Dead".there is nothing original hereand the story is not compelling.the acting is about par with this genreit's just that the story fails.we have pretty much seen this movie before and better made.having said thatafter having achieved commercial if not artistic success from this movieRoth decided he was a director and came out with the abysmally atrociousmean spiritedpointless(though much more ambitious)crap fest Hostel.Roth should have quit while he was behind.Cabin Fever is not a good filmhowever compared to Hostel it is a work of art.I hope somebody (preferably a psychiatrist)convinces this guy that film-making is the wrong career choice.as for Cabin fevera weak 3/10 for not being as abysmal as Hostel.
critique5748 Seems that the cast should ensure at least an average movie. And so I sat down for 102 minutes of unbelief. Beside Ed Harris no-one seems to own the skills of acting. Even Sean Connery who I normally worship must have had an off-day during the entire filming of Just Case. Not once in during the whole movie one actor could convince me.<br /><br />This made this movie look cheap and unreal.<br /><br />The story makes up a little. It is thrilling and the plot is unexpected.<br /><br />Conclusion only watch this movie if you really have nothing more useful to do.
critique5749 For me it just didn't seem like GI Joe at all. When I watched it as a kid I just didn't care for it. In fact the part I liked best about this one was the opening credits. They change so many facts around and turn the story around as well. Cobra Commander is supposedly part of this stupid race of reptile people in Antarctica or somewhere that is frozen. Though I always thought he was a normal guy considering every time you saw his eyes in the series they were surrounded by normal colored flesh and not the blue his face was here. There is just too much crap in this one to try and make this a spectacular movie but for me it just ruins what I watched the series for in the first place.
critique5750 Take a SciFi Original Movie and mix in a little alternative/revisionist history and you get "Aztec Rex." Apparently Hernand Cortes before conquering the Aztec empire had to first conquer a Tyrannosaurus Rex and her mate. That's the thrust of this movie. Given the plot it could have really sucked; the fact that it only kind of sucked is a tip of the cap to the writers. There are a few problems. For starters Cortes is played by Ian Ziering. Even with a black wig Ziering as Cortes is about as convincing as Axl Rose playing Gandhi. And though Cortes conquers the indigenous peoples of Mexico the Aztecs here seem to be played by an all-Hawaiian ensemble. Casting aside the T-Rex(es) look reasonably good though every time one of them gets shot it just oozed CGI. And they die too easily; I suppose if a T-Rex were around in real life they probably could be felled or at least wounded by some rather rudimentary 16th-century weaponry. But it takes something away from the movie. There are also some graphic T-Rex-swallowing-human scenes which is surprising but in this context I thought they worked OK. There's plenty of action and the whole colonization angle is prevalent throughout but doesn't overwhelm the dinosaur angle unlike the other recent SciFi Original dinosaur movie "Warbirds." Overall a mediocre (but decent by SciFi Original standards) movie that rates a modest 4.
critique5751 This overrated short-lived series (a measly two seasons) is about as experimental and unique as a truck driver going to a strip bar. I am not quite sure what they mean by "ground-breaking" and "original" when they fawn all over Lynch and his silly little TV opus. What exactly is their criteria of what is original? Sure compared to the "Bill Cosby Show" or "Hill Street Blues" it's original. Definitely. Next to "Law & Order" TP spews originality left and right.<br /><br />Fans of TP often say that the show was canceled because too many viewers weren't smart enough open enough for the show's supposed "weirdness" its alleged wild ingenuity or whatever. As a fan of weirdness myself I have to correct that misconception. There is nothing too off-the-wall about TP; it is a merely watchable rather silly whodunit that goes around in circles spinning webs in every corner but (or because of it) ultimately going nowhere. The supposed weirdness is always forced; the characters don't behave in a strange way as much as they behave in an IDIOTIC way half the time. There's a difference...<br /><br />Whenever I watch the "weird dream" sequence in "Living In Oblivion" in which the dwarf criticizes the director (Buscemi) for succumbing to the tired old let's-use-a-midget-in-a-dream-scene clichÃƒÂ© I think of Lynch. You want weird? "Eraserhead" is weird - in fact it's beyond weird it's basically abstract. You want a unique TV show? Watch "The Prisoner". You want a strange-looking cast? Felini's and Leone's films offer that. TP looks like an overly coiffed TV crime drama in which all the young people look like fashion models. The cast gives TP a plastic look. Kens & Barbies en masse.<br /><br />In fact one of the producers of TP said that Lynch was looking for "unique faces" for the series. Unique faces? Like Lara Flynn Boyle's? Sheryll Fenn's? Like those effeminate-faced "hunks" straight out of men's catalogs (or gay magazines)? Don't get me wrong; there is nothing wrong with getting an attractive cast especially with beauties like Fenn (the way Madonna would look if she were 1000 times prettier) but then don't go around saying you're making a "weird show with weird-looking people". And I have never understood Lynch's misguided fascination with Kyle MacLachlan (I should get a medal for bothering to spell his name right). He is not unlikable but lacks charisma seeming a little too bland and polished. His character's laughable "eccentricities" were not at all interesting merely one of Lynch's many attempts to force the weirdness trying hard to live up to his reputation - him having completely lost his edge but that time. Everything Lynch made post-"Elephant Man" was very much sub-par compared to his first two movies. What followed were often mediocre efforts that relied on Lynch's relatively small but fanatical fan base to keep him in the public eye by interpreting meanings into his badly put-together stories that don't hold any water on closer scrutiny. In other words Lynch is every intellectual-wannabe's darling. <br /><br />So Laura Palmer was killed by her Dad...? He was obsessed by the devil or some such nonsense. That's the best this "great mind" could come up with... You've got B-movie horror films that end with more originality. <br /><br />Lynch is neither bright nor hard-working enough to come up with a terrific story.<br /><br />Go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~Fedor8 and check out my "TV & Cinema: 150 Worst Cases Of Nepotism" list.
critique5752 'Maladolescenza' has the air of a dark fairy tale with its child protagonists forest setting and the discovery of a castle's ruins. Yet at its core the film is essentially an unusual psychosexual study of adolescents. Opening with a dream sequence employing the not-so-subtle metaphor of Fabrizio wrestling with his menacing hound the film details his psychological persecution of Laura the girl who has pledged her love to him and his eventual romance with the equally malicious Sylvia. The film's psychological complexities do give the film merit yet there's no doubting how unnecessarily exploitive the film is in its depiction of nudity and sex. The film's look relies more on its gorgeous locations rather than particular cinematographic skill and there's no doubting the film's greatest asset is the creepy children's choir-augmented soundtrack. With its odd dreamlike quality the film is at best interesting yet pales beside Louis Malle's surreal and brilliant 'Black Moon' from the same era. Certainly deserving of the art versus pornography debate for unlike many banned films Pasolini's 'Salo' or Larry Clark's 'Ken Park' for instance the film is rather unremarkable from an artistic perspective. Cinema seems to be gradually losing its ability to shock so perhaps 'Maladolescenza' should be admired for retaining that power thirty years after its release. However shock value is the one reason alone the film is memorable. <br /><br />The film does have its defenders. Yet so does Nazism.
critique5753 Sometimes there's a film so bad that you just keep watching in awe. This is one of those films. Of course I can't help that I'm biased. I'm from Chicago so I watched the scenes closely for accuracy and I don't find Billy Crystal funny at all. And I can't stand all that English style photography(Tony Scott etc) with the smoke machine working overtime and all the flourecent soft lighting. I suppose we're supposed to believe that Billy Crystal is really from Chicago because he wears a Cubs jersey. Oh and the plot. If you really think about it these guys should be locked up not the bad guys since they're more dangerous. And of course there's the clichÃƒÂ© of the cops on the verge of retiring. But the funniest scene is the climax where the good and bad guys machine gun other to death in The Thompson Center(A state building!) Of course it's a cool building but it's the equivalent of making a huge drug deal at the White house.
critique5754 I don't know about you but i go to horror films to be scared and this was anything but scary the movie had several chances to be truly scary and failed miserably EVERY TIME! Several of these supposedly suspenseful moments were haunted by some of the worst cg you will see this year perhaps decade! I mean when i say the cg looks like daytime TV I'm giving daytime TV a bad name I've seen better stuff on the sci-fi channel. Who i really feel sorry for is the actors(that they have their names attached to this film) they did a good job i cared about most of the characters and i felt that their performances were quite good but that was not enough to bring this movie out of the gutter. Whats really amusing is the reuse of some of the sets if you have seen "exorcist: the beginning" it will be easy to spot the reuse of some of the buildings. However what i thought was the worst thing about this film even above the cg problems was the main demon he was just not scary in anyway his form the way he talked he was extremely bland. all in all this movie was a horrible experience and i would have walked out of the theater if it weren't for my wife wanting to see the end.
critique5755 Ghost Story has an interesting feminist revenge tale premise A-list veteran actors colorful flashbacks with nifty look-a-like youthful counterparts of the old men. scary staccato music heralding the approaching horrors atmospheric New England winter weather and an excellent charismatic actress in the title role. Ghost Story could have been much more effective in black and white and in eliminating some of the more lurid special effects and to presenting a more cogent screenplay (we should not have to be wondering about why the two trailer-parkish acolytes are in the script) The biggest detriment of the film is Craig Wassan (definitely separated at birth from Bill Maher) who from perhaps editing or just bad acting is totally ineffective. He seems to "specialize" in wide-eyed wide-mouthed reaction shots; not a lot of personality here. The revelation however is Alice Krige pale-faced enigmatic terrifying underneath the placid exterior. However her Eva Galli is creepy even before she meets her fate; I mean a young woman who says things like "I'd like to take a bite out of you" or "Dance with me you little toad!" is already not in the land of the living. Ghost Story would have been much better in a low-key Val Lewton mode. The overdone special effects completely undercut the chill factor.
critique5756 God bless Randy Quaid...his leachorous Cousin Eddie in Vacation and Christmas Vacation hilariously stole the show. He even made the awful Vegas Vacation at least worth a look.<br /><br />I will say that he tries hard in this made for TV sequel but that the script is so NON funny that the movie never really gets anywhere. Quaid and the rest of the returning Vacation vets (including the orginal Audrey Dana Barron) are wasted here. Even European Vacation's Eric Idle cannot save the show in a brief cameo....<br /><br />Pathetic and sad...actually painful to watch....Christmas Vacation 2 is the worst of the Vacation franchise.
critique5757 The real star of this ridiculous story is glorious technicolor. A visual treat to the eye the film fails to stimulate the mind and heart. I was intrigued at first by the idea of Dietrich and Boyer leaving religion in order to "find" their capacity for love. What follows is a huge disappointment. Boyer is the only real actor in the production and one feels his torment. Dietrich's amazing wardrobe outshines her performance -- at times her face is frightening to look at -- a unfeeling mask. As a monk Boyer held the formula for the monastery's liquer (which reminds me of the true story of Chartreuse) -- when he leaves his "marriage to god" the reaction by his fellow monks holds the shock and fear that perpetuate organized religion. The viewer feels Boyer was well rid of his past. However the journey that follows is all too predictable.
critique5758 UP AT THE VILLA fooled me into thinking I`d be watching something similar to GOSFORD PARK . The film opens at a ballroom in 1930s Italy which is populated by vulgar Americans and uptight upper class Brits  but in truth UP AT THE VILLA plays out far more like a Merchant -Ivory production which is very bad news because it`s a very slow  and I do mean very slow romantic drama with some of the romance being very unlikely . If you like slow romantic dramas you might like this movie . I didn`t
critique5759 When watching little man  you'll spend its running time trying to figure out its many plot holes . And thats not a good sign because this film is supposed to be a comedy ! Your supposed to be laughing at it !! But will you ? Probably not. <br /><br />The main problem with little man is its concept- its far too ridiculous to accept (even as a cartoonish comedy ) so when the loud  laboured and over the top jokes kick in  they make the whole thing seem ten times stupider than it already is.<br /><br />"But its a comedy " some of you might be screaming. Thats true but thats no excuse for such a dumb plot.I mean come on  think about it if you saw a baby with A GROWN MANS FACE  wouldn't you be the least bit suspicious? And if calvin wanted to hide the diamond so badly why didn't he put it in a nearby shelf instead of a random womans hand bag? And how can a qualified doctor NOT recognise that calvin is a grown man ? i mean seriously...what ? <br /><br />"Its not about the plot  its about the laughs" you might be screaming . Well heres the thing see there are hardly any laughs in little man and that just make the dumb ass plot stand out all the more. <br /><br />If you really want to watch a wayans brothers comedy with a belief suspending plot stick to white chicks because at least that had a few decent laughs.What ever you do steer clear of little man.
critique5760 Notwithstanding that "The House of Adam" is meant to be a mainstream gay movie; that Anthony (John Shaw) who is gay curious and a major cutie-hunk and Adam (Jared Cadwell) who is openly gay and a close second in looks; that there is a whole minute of wonderful convincing and naked lovemaking (sorry no frontal) between Anthony and Adam 41 minutes into the movie (that alone may be sufficient for many of us) --- notwithstanding all that (to which I give a thumbs up) "The House of Adam" is a horrible movie by most any other movie making standard. A big thumbs down.<br /><br />Shaw's and Cadwell's acting abilities are either sophomoric or else truly suffer from the bad script direction and editing or rather the lack thereof. Their lovemaking scene is nevertheless convincing and may have more to do with their really being into each other considering the rest of their scripting and acting.<br /><br />Writer-director Jorge Amer's (Bonus Feature) self-congratulation as to his movie making skills is off the wall.<br /><br />So the script and lack thereof is a thumbs down. Overall the acting is thumbs down with just the slightest exception for Shaw and Cadwell. Alexis Karriker as Nina might have been the best except for the limitations expressed above. Far and away the absolute worst and insufferable acting was by Thomas Michael Kappier as Albert Ross Anthony's father having not even of elementary school acting quality. He truly represents a colossal casting failure.<br /><br />The actors playing the new cabin owners are worthy of truly bad acting nominations as well.<br /><br />If only the production editing and post production were as good as the trailer this movie would have been quite something else. The trailer presents well put together clips of scenes that drew me into renting the movie in the first place. That and the hope that this gay-centered movie was supposedly prominently played and touted at gay film festivals.<br /><br />Overall the movie is a big thumbs down.<br /><br />Is it worth buying/renting and watching it? Only if you have an irresistible yen to see the naked love making scene and a few minutes of semi-convincing dialogue between Anthony and Adam. Or if you truly just enjoy watching bad movies.
critique5761 I watched this film last night i though i would rent a horror/scary film from blockbusters and i got this one out. The opening scenes were so long winded the conversations between characters seemed not to lead anywhere. <br /><br />The story line seemed so poor to me she gave him HIV and then she goes to meet someone else but she is killed by the man she infected ( i think she may have been doing it for a long time to different people) Then when he dumps the body it just happened to be the man she was going to meet was in the forest and saw him dumping the body. Then he chased them ( did he ever finish burying the body??) and they got into a car and he somehow found them from a different direction they came from and killed the bloke. <br /><br />I think the severed head was the only good thing in the film as it was quite realistic. and then when the woman ran she happened to fall over in front of him so he could stab her with a spade!! AND THEN IT FINISHED!! <br /><br />What a relief It was the most pointless film i have ever watched...please steer well clear of it it is just so poorly made i counted only 5 different people in it and the scene where he kills her is so unrealistic and they only swear in it and thats it!! Thats it from me...<br /><br />STEER WELL CLEAR!!
critique5762 Let me start out by saying this movie has 1 funny point at the very beginning with the exchange between the narrator and George: Narrator:Huh? Wait a minute! Who the heck are you? George: Me new George. Studio too cheap to pay Brendan Fraser. Narrator: How did you get the part? George: New George just lucky I guess. <br /><br />Sadly that's the only funny part in the entire movie.<br /><br />It was still entertaining...But then again i'm easily entertained...<br /><br />I wouldn't say this is the worst movie i've ever seen (that title goes to the terribly un-funny Disaster Movie...) This movie falls #7 on my bottom 15 list...<br /><br />If your a small child who is easily entertained you'll enjoy this movie. If you're a movie-watcher who wants a good funny movie You'll end up shooting yourself halfway through this one..
critique5763 This film had no huge stars in it but did have a very good cast filled with excellent supporting actors AND Gene Tierney before she became a big star. With George Sanders Reginald Gardner Harry Carey Bruce Cabot Jospeh Calleia and Cederic Hardwicke you'd expect more from the film than it actually delivered. Most of this I suspect is because of a second-rate script as director Henry Hathaway was a competent and well-established man at the helm.<br /><br />The film is set in East Africa during WWII--just before the Americans entered the war. The Brits are trying to control their African colonies while subversive Nazi elements are trying to stir up trouble among the locals. One of the white men in the film is a double-dealer--working for the destruction of the British Empire! But lovely Tierney playing a sultan's daughter(!) is out to help save the day for good ol' Britain.<br /><br />American film makers have long sided with the Empire and the 1930s and 40s saw a plethora of pro-empire films. Nowadays with changed sensibilities the notion of seeing the happy black natives dying for Queen and country seems ridiculous--and it would be hard to root for either side! Still in its day this propaganda piece was effective in drumming up support for the British--though when seen today the film suffers from a long-winded script and silly casting. The one bright moment in the film is the final showdown between George Sanders and the enemy agent. Too bad after such a potent scene the film just seemed to talk and talk--losing some of its punch.
critique5764 This movie is an abomination and its making should have been considered a capital crime.<br /><br />One of the great mysteries of film-making is why nobody ever has made a faithful movie adaptation of this wonderful mystery. It is a tale of a really gripping mystery nice old-fashioned romance and dry English humor. Why did the makers have to change Richard Gordon from a Scotland Yard policeman to an amateur detective introduce the idiotic role and caricature of his English servant change the part of the main storyline about the murder charge and circumstances of Gordon's struggle to save the accused etc. etc.? These producers and directors who always think they can make a better story than the one in the book should write the original script themselves and not to rape another person's product.
critique5765 The plot for Black Mama White Mama revolves around two female inmates at a women's prison in the Phillipines. One Black and one White. These two women are thrown together in the prison. Pam Grier is Lee Daniels Lee is incarcerated in the hellish women's prison for dancing as a harem girl. <br /><br />Lee's boyfriend owes her part of his profits from his drug-dealing activities. Lee is mainly interested in breaking out of the prison to get hold of her beau's drug money so that she can leave the Phillipines and assume a better life. Margaret Markov plays Karen Brent a white women from a privileged background who is also a revolutionary. Karen has joined a group of revolutionaries determined to change the corrupt Phillipino political system. She's captured by Phillipino authorities and held as a political prisoner.<br /><br />The story-line takes-off when Karen and Lee break out of the prison they were in together. The two of them also happened to be chained together at the wrist. As they flee they also fight with each other because they have different goals to pursue. Naturally they hate being chained together. But they also realize that they must put aside their differences to help each other survive while they evade capture.<br /><br />If this film seems very similar to The Big Bird Cage it's because much of the cast in the two films is the same as well as their location in the Phillipines. Roger Corman has always had a consistent stable of actors that he used in all of his 70s B movies. Besides Pam Grier Sid Haig Roberta Collins Claudia Jennings Betty Anne Rees and William Smith were also among the many actors that were frequently cast in Corman's AIP films.<br /><br />Like The Big Bird Cage Black Mama White Mama relies on too much gory violence to be palatable. Pam Grier conveys her usual tough chick persona in this film and shows her competence as a female action heroine. Margaret Markov is less effect in her portrayal of the revolutionary Karen. She just seems to fragile and well-coiffed to be a dedicated political guerrilla. Except for Sid Haig as the colorful Ruben the rest of the cast is forgettable.<br /><br />This film has little entertainment value unless excessive heinous acts of violence are your thing. Only the performances by Pam Grier and Sig Haig make this film worth watching.
critique5766 This is crap....utter crap. I cannot believe any company could even get people to work on a film like this. Full Moon has a number of awful films but this has got to be the worst. First off the plot doesn't exist. It's odd. It's like they took an idea for the story and kind of never really got around to developing it. They seemed to have just wasted a lot of time filming outside shots while the two "heroes" drove around in the desert and Bradbury talks nonsense for about 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the movie (when Dez and Dazzy are driving and when Dez and Bradbury are driving) where it just went on and on and on...it was almost like 2 music videos in the place where there should have been some dialog or action. They just drove for about 5 minutes with nothing but music and shots of the surrounding landscape.<br /><br />Next we come to the acting which is simply horrible. First off the girl who plays Dazzy is just a beast. She is so scary looking I wanted to look away when she was on screen! Horrible casting. Then you have the guy who played Dez who couldn't act if his life depended on it. His "crying" is actually funny and his madman antics are even funnier. The guy who plays the desk clerk at the hotel is just as bad as is the guy who plays Bradbury. There was no acting that deserves any recognition in this movie whatsoever.<br /><br />The makeup effects...hmmm can anyone say pathetic? The "effects" were so fake they were laughable. The crazy little robot looking catepillar thing grabs onto someone they cut away and when they come back the guy has a completely fake looking flesh wound. Nice. Did they run out of money on the makeup budget or what?! I must say the druggie chick who is in the one girl's apartment...nice makeup there too. I think they were going for a drugged look and I think she was supposed to have a black guy but it looked more like cheap zombie makeup for halloween.<br /><br />This movie is just horrible from the start. The story is stupid and very very unoriginal the direction looks as tho it was performed by a 10 year old the acting is the lowest of the low and so on. STAY AWAY from this movie at all costs. It's only 70 minutes long in the first place and atleast 20 minutes of that is taken up by either music and no dialog or the character sitting around in the hotel. Do not waste your time on this piece of garbage.
critique5767 This ultra-low budget kitchen-sink yawn is the kind of film that can only be made in the UK in that anywhere else in the world the fact the a market would need to exist before a green-light would be given. Most probably self funded this is clearly an attempt to redress important issues but ultimately undermines its point of existence in that the question needs to be begged who would ever put money into distributing this and secondly if a market audience doesn't exist to watch buy or rent this film why would anyone bother in the first place? My opinions may sound unfairly harsh on a first time director but this is the kind of film that only goes to undermine the commercial viability and quality standards which have only just kept a British film industry in existence. Reviewed in Edinburgh. 2 out of 10.
critique5768 Just another film that exploits gratuitous frontal male nudity; awful acting plus the lovemaking scenes are the most un-sexy I've ever seen (and this is not about me not linking the idea of two young men making love since I'm gay).<br /><br />Again as in Mil nubes de paz Julian Hernandez directed an incredibly pretentious film with a story that makes enough argument for a short film of about five minutes but manages to make a 2 hour film with it... And this time there isn't even the issue of racism and commodification in the Mexican gay community to talk about! God gracious have mercy on us!
critique5769 Much like Orson Welles thirty years earlierMike Sarne was given "the biggest train set in the world"to play withbut unfortunately lacked the ability to do anything more than watch his train set become a train wreck that is still spoken of with shock and a strange sort of awe. Despite post - modern interpretations purporting somehow to see it as a gay or even feminist tractthe fact of the matter is that it was a major disaster in 1970 and remains one today.How anyone given the resources at Mr Sarne's disposal could have screwed up so royally remains a closely - guarded secret.Only Michael Cimino ever came close with the political and artistic Armageddon that constitutes "Heaven's Gate".Both films appeared to be ego trips for their respective directors but at least Mr Cimino had made one of the great movies of the 1970s before squandering the studio's largessewhereas Mr Sarne had only the rather fey "Joanna" in his locker. Furthermore"Heaven's Gate" could boast some memorable and well - handled set - pieces wheretragically"Myra Breckinridge"s cupboard was bare. Simply putit is overwhelmingly the worst example of biting the hand that feeds in the history of Hollywood.
critique5770 This movie was a waste of time. It looks nice pretty settings nicely acted appears earnest and seems to be leading somewhere so you stay tuned awaiting a meaningful payoff. It doesn't happen. <br /><br />It surprised me that so much effort could be put into a movie it was clearly very professionally done and have an outcome that seems nothing short of a b-movie.<br /><br />Save your precious time and see a good french film like Les Visiteurs (funny) Jean de Florette or Manon of the Spring. I can't recall the language in Europa Europa but that's another Great film--heavy but very worth viewing.<br /><br />This film appears to promise a lot but delivers nothing.
critique5771 Donald Sutherland an American paleontologist visiting England picks up a hitch hiker one evening. Two years later having discovered the man's address book in his car he returns the book to the man's opulent home only to find that the man's been hanged for murder. Nobody in or out of the family seems to care that the hitch hiker could not have committed the murder (of his own stepmother) because he was in Sutherland's car at the time of the crime.<br /><br />Sutherland is the man's alibi but he's turned up too late. Out of a sense of guilt he tracks down the real murderer.<br /><br />Agatha Christie's mysteries usually involve a number of diverse people all of them with one or another motive for the crime all of them suspect and a puzzle that depends on the construction of a strict time line. There is often not always a sidekick with whom the investigator can talk things over.<br /><br />Because of the anfractuosity of the situation due care must be taken to explain each element of the mystery to the reader or viewer. Redundancy is perfectly okay. We have to keep the characters and the time lines straight. Christie's movies are of the rare kind in which the use of famous faces in subordinate characters is actually useful. (Jacqueline de Bellefort? Oh yes that's Mia Farrow.) But this version of "Ordeal by Innocence" is a Golan-Globus production with all that implies in the way of production values a thoughtfully prepared script and skill behind the camera.<br /><br />The first few minutes in which Sutherland discovers that an innocent man has been hanged are fine. After that everything is flung at the viewer in disjointed scraps often in sudden flashbacks or in confusing voiceovers that tell us nothing. The script has a slapdash quality as if thrown together by two hacks overnight. Few of the faces are familiar and that doesn't help at all. Everyone drops remarks about everyone else and the names become a hopeless jumble. The musical score consists of four instruments doing irritating atonal jazz riffs. Some nudity is thrown in to wake up the dozers in the audience. If Dame Agatha were alive she'd be among the viewers who needed to be shaken awake.<br /><br />Dullsville.
critique5772 For that matter one of the worst FILMS ever made. Plot goes as follows. Slog through jungle looking areas for 10 minutes or so. Have Bo go somewhere and strip. Slog through the jungle some more. Give Bo another excuse to strip. Back to the jungle. Oh look! There's a Tarzan looking guy! Strip Bo - strip. Kill the safari people. Tarzan looking guy has a fight scene. Saves Bo. Bo strips. Run credits. Run credits run.
critique5773 I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad. Even worse than Ticker! & That movie was bad. It was kind of like they popped it out in a week. Looked to be very low budget. Only like 3 or 4 buildings used a couple of locations MAYBE & poor hummh! Everything! It just blew.
critique5774 Imagine this...<br /><br />Whenever two people meet in this movie one of them is shot. The plot just does not exist - it appears that someone shot some action sequences and then tried to put them together to make a movie out of it. If you decide to watch it you will regret it.
critique5775 It seems like more consideration has gone into the IMDb reviews of this film than went into the source.<br /><br />Here's a review without pretensions:<br /><br />Just when you think nothing is going to happen it doesn't.<br /><br />Dress it up any way you like this is a dull film full of unengaging characters doing very little of interest.<br /><br />One to put on if you want to convince an impressionable emo chick that you're like so deep man.<br /><br />Not something to watch for your own pleasure though.<br /><br />Unless.<br /><br />You're.<br /><br />Pretentious.
critique5776 This movie was almost intolerable to sit through. I can get beyond the fact that it looks like it was shot with a home video camera and that this movie is supposed to span over weeks in time yet the characters do not once change outfits but the acting broke the 4th wall to pieces for me. I've seen better acting in a 4th grade play. Aside from that the plot is unrealistic. If the man suspected the guy he would have turned him in. I was also heavily disappointed that all the killings were done with a gun what kind of gore is that. That is not a copycat the Zodiac did not kill using just a gun the authorities would have known it wasn't him. Another thing that really bothered me was that they called Disassociative Identity Disorder DSM 4 when that is the name of the book used to diagnose people with mental disorders not the name of the disorder. Overall I think this movie is not the kind of movie that could be done with a low budget at least not as low as they had or they could have made sure they had better actors or more gore. Plenty of people have went the low budget route with out having to use horrible actors look at Easy Rider that had Dennis Hopper and Jack Nicholson and a low budget.
critique5777 Having watched this after receiving the DVD for Christmas 2005 I came here to pan it -- but after reading the other comments I haven't the heart. Clearly this is a film that has worked very well for children of a certain age. Well let me not be a complete Grinch; it might still work for some children -- if they are not too media-saturated and have not become visually over-sophisticated e.g. from watching all of LOTR and Harry Potter. But if you are an adult stay miles away; you will not enjoy it.<br /><br />The good bits: Barbara Kellerman as the Witch especially in her early scenes with Edmund creates just the right blend of charismatic evil and restrained madness. (At the Stone Table she goes a bit over the top.) Michael Aldridge in the minor role of the Professor and Jeffrey S. Perry as Mr. Tumnus also have the kind of polished skillful acting we'd expect from the very best BBC dramas. And the Aslan costume works very well amazingly well considering. They got the eyes just right.<br /><br />The bad bits: almost everything else but two areas in particular. One the casting. England is crammed with good actors and contains tens of thousands of attractive British school kids. How could they possibly have ended up with these four stiffs? They move like wooden soldiers and speak about as well. Peter has no gravitas or charisma (and is visibly shorter than his supposedly younger siblings); Edmund is just whiny; and Lucy... Sophie Wilcox as Lucy is so dramatically visibly drastically wrong for this part that I can't imagine how she got the job.<br /><br />Two the animal costumes. Again it appears that they worked for some kids. If the kids are still at a level where Big Bird and Elmo are exciting believable characters they might be entranced by this film. But to a viewer with the sophistication of say a 12-year-old who's seen Prisoner Of Azkaban? When Mister Beaver comes out from behind that tree there will be hoots of cruel derisive laughter. The costumes just do not work -- I could not and I think any adult or modern teen could not suspend disbelief when looking at Mister Beaver. The drawn animation later (gryphons etc.) works better is easier to take.<br /><br />So: ten stars for the very young and tender of soul; everyone else read or re-read the book and watch the far better film that unrolls in your imagination.
critique5778 Step Up is a fair dance film about some kids that get their big performance break. The film is average in every way with little more for the viewer. A jock fights external prejudices to become a dancer with an accomplished partner and a teach who sees something special. The acting was fine but the dialog and directing had little to add to overcoming a predictable story. None the less you still feel quite good about the outcome of the film. There were some dark scenes and some typical generalizations about dancers that went a little overboard. This is a class B+ film with moderate continuity errors and dialog mishaps. The scenery was good and the characters held true to life. It is worth the watch if you like that kind of film.
critique5779 PERHAPS SPOILER !! well i ve seen it at the film festival in cologne and i have to say it s ridiculous ... sorry author and writer and ...whatever but it is the worst try making a good movie i ve ever seen ... if u ve got 5000 times the possibility to get away from your enemy and u don't do it .... its getting boring ... there are szenes in the movie witch gives u the impression that they are forgotten e.g. a szene in front of a security cam they are asking for help and a somebody sees it and calles the police ... than there is a cut and .... NOTHING ??!!! ... the killer gets a shot in his head and 50 secs later he is behaving like nothing happened ... no its no zombie movie ... and finally the final ... the BIG END which we were promised .... hmmmm lets say take a little guy who always wanted to give the world one of the best endings in history so badly that everything goes wrong .... im not going to vote "1" because the actress is beautiful ... ;)
critique5780 At last. Here's a movie that does as much for the reputations of the men of Greece and Russia as "Gigli" did for the those of Mr. Affleck and Ms. Lo. FROM THE EDGE OF THE CITY details the sad and sordid lives of some young Russian ÃƒÂ©migrÃƒÂ©s who live in and around Athens and spend their time burglarizing cars getting laid pimping woman ÃƒÂ©migrÃƒÂ©s and prostituting themselves ("But we're not gay because we don't do you know.... And if we do it's only once or twice. With the same guy.") There is hardly anything here you have not seen before and better; only the Athens locale adds a little novelty--even then there's but a scene or two that's scenic. Writer/director Constantine Giannaris ("3 Steps to Heaven") offer a relatively generic 95 minutes in which the standout moments involve how stupid sexist and (from the looks of things) pretty much irredeemable most of these guys are. (Interestingly the gayer the guy the more redeemable he appears.) What really rankles is the treatment of the women. Greek and Russian males would seem to give the Italians a run for their money regarding that famous madonna/whore complex. Has life in Greece improved much for women since the time of Plato and Socrates? One has to wonder.<br /><br />If I seem to be equating Russians and Greeks in this review I apologize but even the non-ÃƒÂ©migrÃƒÂ©s pictured here (the cab driver for instance) are creeps. According to another review on this site the film (a hit on its home turf) was actually submitted by Greece for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Film. What this says about the state of Greek movie-making I hesitate to ponder.
critique5781 Frequently voted China's greatest film ever by Chinese critics as well as Chinese film enthusiasts from the outside and frankly I don't get it at all. What I saw was one of the most generic melodramas imaginable blandly directed and acted with a complete shrew for a protagonist. Wei Wei (don't laugh) is that shrew a young married woman who has suffered alongside her tubercular husband (Yu Shi) for the past several years. It is post WWII and they live with the husband's teenage sister (Hongmei Zhang) in a dilapidated home with not much money (the man had been wealthy when they married). Along comes the husband's old best friend (Wei Li) who also used to be the wife's boyfriend when they were teens. She considers running away from her husband with this man while the husband pretty much remains oblivious thinking he may engage his little sister to his friend. That's the set-up and it doesn't go anywhere you wouldn't expect it to. I've actually seen the remake directed by Blue Kite director Zhuangzhuang Tian. It runs a half hour longer and is actually kind of dull too but at least it was pretty. This supposed classic is pretty intolerable.
critique5782 I didn't want to write this movie off on the reviews and critics in the western world I mean how wrong have they been about Asian cinema that has now become a staple diet of the Hollywood remake monster? Plus Jet L is pretty damn cool and he's made some interesting movies in Asia. So with an open mind I was surprisingly averaged out by this movie.<br /><br />There are good points. The story is very clever using M-Theory as a base to bring forward the plot that there are multiple universes each with their own versions of worlds and most likely you. Each time one of you is destroyed the rest share the energy and power amongst them. The idea that someone might try and purposely become the only version of themselves in all the Universes to find out if they become a God.<br /><br />There's also Jet Li and he's not a bad actor and pretty nimble as a martial artist plus Jason Statham who is an all round good actor. As for the special effects some of them are really cool a mixing of bullet time and slow motion with normal speed very cool to watch in places.<br /><br />The bad points? Well Statham's accent is appalling and some of the effects aren't as comparable as others so it's quite apparent that money was spent on some of the main shots and not on others that were probably deemed as too short on screen or they just plain ran out of budget.<br /><br />A big sore point for me is the close cropped camera action that Hollywood has long favoured something that Jackie Chan has often talked about. Filming fight scenes close up serves two purpose. It gives greater emphasis on a single punch or movement making it look harder and more real than it really is and it also hides what is going on around the camera lens. For example people holding a fake arm or the face of a stunt double etc.<br /><br />What Chan always said was that he tried to open out the camera and show the audience what was going on let them see the people fighting properly rather than a close up of a face and a fist cutting to someone falling into frame. Showing the whole picture is more effective and it's more impressive.<br /><br />So the close cropped shots were just more annoying than anything you failed to see the impressiveness of Li's fighting skills and you found it hard to see some of the action. Slow the cuts down and pan out the camera Hollywood Directors! The biggest problem was the story though despite having such a strong base on which to build they seemed to loose the sense of the plot and concentrate on the action scenes. There are some serious plot building and explanatory moments that are just totally overlooked and covered in the space of a few sentences yet these could have formed some excellent and complex character development.<br /><br />It just all held together too weakly and not enough was made of the story. All in all not a great movie and it's potential was badly spoiled.
critique5783 In 1976 a mother named Norma Lewis (Cameron Diaz) lives with her son Walter and her husband Arthur (James Marsden). One night a box is placed on the doorstep of their home and the following morning they cut open the box to reveal a button device that must be opened with a key. By the late afternoon a man with terrible scarring on his face comes to their door and presents Norma with an offer. This man is Arlington Steward (Frank Langella) and he announces that if they push the button someone in the world that the family does not know will die and they will receive a million dollars in cash. If they don't press it nothing will happen and the offer will move on to someone else. Norma and Arthur are not allowed to tell anyone including their son about this deal. The incentive for the family to push the button is heightened by their financial difficulties. Arthur who is currently working for NASA fails to be accepted into a new job he applies for and Norma who is a teacher learns that her faculty funding is being cut.<br /><br />One's enjoyment for this bizarre sci-fi thriller based on the short story "Button Button" by Richard Matheson will be determined by how far they are willing to take this ludicrous premise. The opening of the film is particularly problematic in grounding itself in a sense of realism with the household. Richard Kelly's previous film Donnie Darko cleverly used the condition of schizophrenia to justify its excursion into paranormal activity and parallel universes. Without the dream-like state of that far superior film The Box and the very thought of a device that can kill anyone in the world is entirely implausible. That Norma would also accept someone into her house that has almost the same scarring as Two-Face from The Dark Knight and believe this offer seems equally contrived.<br /><br />If this sounds unlikely so far what follows is even more absurd involving a conspiracy about someone who was struck by lightning the possibility of alien life or some other Godly being influencing these situations. Scenes involving gateways opening up in public libraries random nose bleeds and mindless drones stalking the Lewis family become almost unintentionally comical in their absurdity. To a point the film could be called intriguing purely to see where it is going. Kelly is occasionally clever in his ability to hold our attention through many of the films contrivances. In one scene Norma is teaching a class and then is asked by a strange boy about her foot. He taunts her about it as she is missing four of her toes. Later at a rehearsal dinner for a wedding that Norma and Arthur are attending this same student appears as a waiter and seems to be stalking them. Yet the eventual justification for these all of these oddities is wrapped up in a highly contrived sci-fi revelation that many will find implausible and difficult to swallow.<br /><br />What is most disappointing about the film is that once the button is pressed surprisingly early on many of the moral implications that were initially promised are diminished for much of pictures duration. The ending which won't be spoilt here resurfaces these moral questions again in the hope of echoing that of a Greek tragedy. While the resemblances can be seen by this point given the unlikelihood of so much of the film and the uneven performances there is little reason to care. Cameron Diaz's Southern accent might be unnecessary but it is surprisingly Langella who is the most disappointing in the film with a very unsubtly written role as the mysterious scarred man who seems to be hiding a military base that would make Dr. Evil proud. It really is just a shadow of his towering performance in Frost/Nixon. There is not a lot for many of the other actors in the film to do; in particular both Norma and Arthur could not be regarded as characters but mouthpieces for Kelly's pastiche of ideas. Underdeveloped and brief conversations such as where Norma sympathises with Arlington over their deformities and also when Norma and Arthur question whether they really know each other in case the button kills either of them highlights this.<br /><br />Since 2001 Richard Kelly has failed to make a film that has lived up to the quality and the imagination of Donnie Darko. Though this film might be intriguing for a little while it is too absurd and implausible to be fully enjoyed and it would certainly not warrant multiple viewings given the film's rather illogical revelations. Science fiction fans might be able to appreciate it somewhat more and draw their own conclusions but what Kelly is really trying to say beneath the surface remains cryptic. The Box is one film this year that should have been shelved.
critique5784 this is quite possibly the worst acting i have ever seen in a movie... ever. and what is up with the casting. the leading lady in this movie has some kind of nose dis-figuration and is almost impossible to look at for any period of time without becoming fixated on her nose. you could go to your local grocery store on a Sunday afternoon and easily find 50 more qualified better looking possible leading ladies. i made the unfortunate mistake of renting this movie because it had a "cool" DVD case. This movie looks like it is just some class project for a group of multimedia students at a local technical college. i would rather have spent the hour or so that this movie was on watching public access television... at least the special effects are better and the people on there are more attractive than anyone you will see in this film
critique5785 College students (who are actually in their late 20's) on campus in Boston (which looks strangely like the Isle Of Man) are menaced by a fierce monster (assembled during a Blue Peter episode). The new teacher must save the day (Even though he is really... Oh who cares?)<br /><br />I'll start with the positives... there is a nice shot of Eastenders new gal Samantha Janus's can in the obligatory campus shower scene with her best mate Katy Lawrence. A bit of side trivia: Katy was hired when she arrived at auditions with her sister just as moral support to her sibling but ended up landing a part. Oh joy. Picked from obscurity to... flash her pert buttocks in a meaningless scene added for titillation then getting killed 30 minutes in for her troubles. Her latest (and only other credited role) is as Probationary Nurse #5 in Atonement. I wonder if she snuck a look at Keira Knightly (if extras and stars are allowed to mix) and wondered: where did it all go wrong?!<br /><br />I'll give a few hints Katy: If all the other British cast members are asked to speak with American accents in a doomed attempt at mass-marketing and the only person who can manage it is the B-movie veteran USA native Todd Jensen you know you're in trouble. If you look at your wage slip and it'll only just about cover your lunch and your bus ride home you ain't starring in a movie with a trillion dollar budget. If the premiere is attended by loads of family members of the fourth assistant director and provokes gales of laughter when the Stickyback tape monster rampages through the sewers it should dawn on you that this isn't exactly Alien. Or even a Critters IV come to think of it. So Katy in your next life (I'm a Buddhist you see) perhaps you'll be a bit more selective in your choice of debut feature rather than impulsively jumping at the first pile of crap that heads your way. Flashing skin in your first movie does not guarantee long lasting success. Unless you're Sylvester Stallone. And he had the script to Rocky to back him up.<br /><br />To all intents and purposes this is as 0/10 a movie as I've ever seen. However for sheer unintentional laughs and pure camp value it gets a 1. Well done ;)
critique5786 Normally I would have given this movie a 6. It tackles a very important topic and it does it relatively well - despite Katie Wright which is an accomplishment in and of itself.<br /><br />I have no idea if she was actually instructed to play the character like this or is naturally irritating but she did an awesome job at making it impossible for me to care for Lexi. There's no dimension to her other than how confused helpless and clueless she is and how good she is at whimpering. I can understand how a young girl who blames herself for the loss of her friend and whose eating disorder has spiraled out of control would be distraught scared and in pain. However Wright's entire performance is based on incessant wailing and sniveling the rest being whining. I couldn't help but feel this particular girl's problem was caused not by the demon that is Bulimia but by her not having a backbone. I very much doubt that's the point the movie meant to make.
critique5787 When I first saw the trailer for The Comebacks it looked absolutely horrible and I had no interest in seeing it but when it came out on DVD today I figured since there was nothing else that caught my interest I would rent it and give it a shot. I watched it tonite and it really wasn't that bad. I think it was immature and stupid at times but there were a few funny moments that made me laugh. I don't really watch many sports movies so I wonder maybe if I saw more maybe this movie would make more sense to me but it's all good I still didn't mind so much watching The Comebacks. I admit these "stupid spoof" movies are lame but what's the harm in a stupid joke every once in a while? The Comebacks isn't really that bad if you give it a fair chance.<br /><br />Coach Fields is failing in life family and career both but when he is offered a chance to bring his career back to life if he can bring a looser football team into the championship. But the team is really really terrible like beyond terrible. But with a little work and team effort they try to give it their all even though that might turn into something more sad.<br /><br />The Comebacks over all isn't the worst film I've seen I think it's good for a couple laughs and giggles. I know that this was stupid but I couldn't help but laugh when the coach comes in the middle of a fight in the locker room and he's beating the nerd's head against the locker just him and the nerd in general were so funny together. If you have an open mind and don't take this movie too seriously I think you'll have a fun time watching it if you watch it expecting it to be Oscar worthy material this is not the movie for you.<br /><br />4/10
critique5788 I disagree with much that has been written and said about this supposed "masterpiece" of the German New Wave: <br /><br />1) There are major flaws in simple exposition in the basic communication of critical plot points as relating to Maria's abortion and the secret contract between Oswald and her husband. How many viewers understood that the husband agreed in exchange for substantial financial remuneration not to return to and reclaim his wife until Oswald was dead?<br /><br />2) The ending is highly unsatisfying because arbitrary and accidental. The original screenplay called for Maria to commit suicide after the reading of Oswald's will on finding out that her husband had in effect sold their marriage to Oswald. In the final version however Maria only runs water from a faucet across her wrist in a gesture of suicide. Maria is then summarily blown up rather than having to confront and live with the consequences of her self-delusion and moral compromise.<br /><br />3) Fassbinder seeks to forcibly superimpose the public on the private the political on the personal. Contrary to what the critics and "experts" assert I don't think it works. Merely intruding historic radio news or the sound of the jackhammers of German reconstruction in the soundtrack on the dramatic events of the movie does not make those historical events integral to the drama. <br /><br />The selfish ambition of Maria's rise from poverty to prosperity is meant to parallel the so-called economic miracle of postwar Germany. Maria is thus intended to be a woman specific to and reflective of her time and place but is in reality unoriginal and nonspecific. Women have been asserting their independence by using sex for self-advancement for ages. <br /><br />4) Lastly there are several instances of inexcusable sloppiness and amateurishness -- Fassbinder's drug addiction and consequent impatience and inattention have had their effect. Unknown people talk off screen without ever being seen; music is clumsily intrusive in places; and melodramatic posturing sporadically substitutes for acting.<br /><br />Strangely for a movie condemning a country for willful collective amnesia of the holocaust it itself never mentions it once.
critique5789 W. Somerset Maugham's Of Human Bondage is supposed to be a English language classic. If so much must have been missing from the film version here. Phillip's (Leslie Howard) attraction to Mildred (Bette Davis) is so utterly inexplicable as to make the scenario seem like the post-breakup retelling of a relationship from the man's point of view. Being a family lawyer I've heard many such accounts; the man depicts himself as noble and always correct and the woman is a hellion who has had no other objective than to exploit the man.<br /><br />Indeed unless one is willing to laugh at the social assumptions of the film maker this is an uncomfortable movie to watch. Phillip even indulges Mildred when she brings over a baby of indeterminate paternity but the real high point comes when Phillip allows Mildred - enraged and now of dubious sanity - the free run of his flat with predictable results. Bette Davis was attractive for about five years of her life but that period didn't occur here. In fact by the end of the movie she looks a lot like the Baby Jane character she would play thirty years later.<br /><br />I note how Howard's character is always impeccably dressed and groomed. It tells me that Phillip craves middle class respectability. Someone like that could not run from a woman with a course Cockney accent fast enough. Phillip is for most of the movie a student; such a person would have been more believable if he had been younger and had the disheveled looks that bespeak the low income and the low self esteem that often accompanies student status - an English Raskolnikov as it will. And balanced that by allowing Mildred a modicum of charm.
critique5790 Even for a tired movie model as the nature vs. man cycle that prevailed so predominantly in the 1970s ants falls miserably short of being even somewhat effective(though entertaining for reasons it was not intending). It is sooooo preposterous. Apparently these ants that are bulldozed near an inn have been eating poisonous waste for decades and have now adapted by emitting poisonous bites - hundreds of these bites being fatal. Watching actors of some notoriety clumsily fall amidst tiny black specks is painfully funny in a not-so-good-but very-bad way. So many scenes just look ludicrous: a boy trying to fall in a dumpster whilst being attacked Suzanne Sommers crying out in horror while lounging in bed Robert Foxworth and Lynda George breathing through pieces of wallpaper Bernie Casey faking a gam leg and the list goes on and on. The peril shown ranges from ants crawling from a drain to black lines of ants all over the walls. The cast for the film is not bad on paper but none of these actors seem to believe in the material. Poor Myrna Loy has to sit in a wheelchair through this horror. I hope she found a good use for the money for it is obvious that was the ONLY reason a woman of her pedigree would be in this nonsense. Although it is quite a bad film it is watchable - once for me and does have many of those seventies bad film qualities - start-studded actors embarrassing themselves that made-for-TV feel and the dreaded creatures of nature reeking vengeance on man. This time man must push his hand into a pile of ants to be affected. Really quite dreadful.
critique5791 It's very sad that Lucian Pintilie does not stop making movies. They get worse every time. Niki and Flo (2003) is a depressing stab at the camera. It's unfortunate that from the many movies that are made yearly in Romania  the worst of them get to be sent abroad ( e.g. Chicago International Film Festival). This movie without a plot  acting or script is a waste of time and money. Score: 0.02 out of 10.
critique5792 I have never commented on IMDb before but I feel I have to after watching The Batman animation. Its absolute rubbish! Warner Brothers had the perfect animation series in Batman in the early 90s so what the hell are they doing trying to mess with the winning formula? I feel like writing a complaint letter to WB. The original animation was dark and brooding exactly the way Batman was intended to be. WB had to mess this up with some tripe Batman of the Future. Now they produce this drivel. The Joker doesn't remotely resemble the Joker from DC comics. DC should sue. I urge everyone who agrees with me to email or write to WB and use people power to get back the original formula
critique5793 I have seen this movie and the other one. Trinity is my name and i find that this one is worse then the first one. I have no idea why they even made another movie it was stupid and pointless sorry to say that i have all of them. I have sat through them number of times and it still drives me to turn it off 5 minutes into the movie. I like Terence Hill movies and i like Bud Spencer but this movie just drove me up the wall. If it had a different story line or at least more of a plot and more comedy it might have been funner and worth the 5 dollars i spent buying all the movies. But you make mistakes so i would say save your money and don't bye this movie or any of the ones that go with it trust me on this one.
critique5794 A wonderful television mini-series completely ruined by a 45-year old woman trying desperately to pass herself off as a 16-year old ingenue! No exaggeration - that's the ACTUAL age of the character played by Ali MacGraw when the film opens just prior to the surprise attack at Pearl Harbor. This TV mini-series really is the most classic example of the title of this post and one I refer to whenever the topic comes up.<br /><br />That alone makes this completely unwatchable despite the fact it's one of the best filmed WWII 'global' dramas TV has ever produced. If you have the stomach - or a decent fast-forward ability - you might be able to enjoy the late Robert Mitchum in a very strong performance. <br /><br />I'm stunned at some of the comments referring to the love story (pun intended). Did they watch the film with their eyes closed? Or are they aging boomers who never cease to amaze me with their "selective memories" and "selective vision". I'm a Boomer myself so don't think for a second I'm some hubristic young punk. 45 WILL ALWAYS LOOK 45. Get used to it. Deal with it. Age gracefully damnit.<br /><br />The Winds Of War could have been... so good. How much more would we be talking about this mini-series today some 25 years later had an ACTUAL ingenue been cast in such an important & critical role? Right now with the constant haggard old biddy distraction that alone cancels out most of the wonderful aspects of The Winds Of War.
critique5795 I just saw this at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco and had trouble staying awake during this incredibly repetitive unenlightening little film. It is a 75 minutes film that felt like 175 minutes and has about 20 minutes of modestly engaging material. It's not bad in any offensive way it just repeats things that have been said many many times over and more interestingly and provocatively. With only a couple of exceptions the interviews drone on and on and on making little emotional contact or context to the whole topic. It's more like a "how to" guide for something that can't be done anymore. I was alive during the era but felt little connection or nostalgia for what was presented.
critique5796 ... Once. "Manos the Hands of Fate." That was worse than this quite a bit worse: but it did have one thing: it had beautiful women in negligees wresting each other -- for about 20 minutes. This has a fat 45 year-old with 3 tits and a tail in a cantina scene cloned directly from "Star Wars." Not to mention an obese blue seductress Uhura her fat legs and ass hanging out of some sort of insane bird costume in this Method Acting Mess. She always wanted to perform before a "captive audience"? She must have meant the poor slobs who shelled out 8 bucks hoping to see another "Wrath of Khan" or at least a "Voyage Home." Captive" is right. I wonder how many people in the theaters tried to slit their wrists while crying out: "mother make it stop."<br /><br />No question about it "Final Frontier" is not just an unmitigated disaster it's cruel and unusual punishment. This is Star Trek from hell. This is Shatner on mushrooms -- or maybe peyote. This is Where No Man Has Gone Before and Wished He Never Had in the First Place. Or to paraphrase a review of "Heaven's Gate: "It's as if Gene Roddenberry sold his soul to the Devil for the success of a TV series and Devil is just now coming around to collect."<br /><br />And don't even get me started on a drunken Kirk and a grinning McCoy singing "Row Row Row Your Boat" together like they were lovers in some sort of demented gay fever dream. Then we've got the Hideous Dynamic Duo of Sulu and Chekov hiking through the woods together... probably en route to a Barry Manilow concert. Then there's Laurence Luckinbill as Spock's brother???!!! Yeah right! Amazing how these relations we never heard of suddenly crawl out of the woodwork when we need a new plot line. And not to forget Spock rocketing through the air after Kirk when he falls from a cliff in Yosemite. Sure. He catches up to Kirk and saves him ONE FOOT away from the ground. Where'd you get those nifty Rocket Shoes Spock?!
critique5797 I rented this movie knowing that it would be bad (i have only seen one good Disney sequel and that was toy story 2) but it went far lower than my expectations. I am a die hard disney fan and i just don't believe in sequels with disney movies. For somebody who didn't grow up with the classics (either watching them when they came out or renting them since you were born) it's a cute story. I just feel that the plot was dragged out a little too much and was to predictable. The one thing that annoyed me the most was the voices of the girl children of lady and tramp. They were too high pitched. Although most reviews say that it isn't that bad i think that if you are a true disney fan you shouldn't waste your time with this one.<br /><br />Hopefully Disney won't be making any more sequels to any of the other classics any time soon.
critique5798 I had the misfortune to watch this rubbish on Sky Cinema Max in a cold winter night. I am not a big fan of horror movies because most of them are just trash. This one is even worse: it is one of the dumbest pieces of crap i've ever seen in my whole life. Horror movie? Yes there are horrible things in this: the acting the script and the special effects - Gosh i laughed at this ludicrous attempt to make a flick for 90 minutes. Actually had it been a comic movie i would've given it a 5. Don't you even think about renting this unless you want to mock at the producers.<br /><br />Vote: 2 out of 10 - didn't vote one because it made me laugh all the time ;-)
critique5799 That this poor excuse for an amateur hour showcase was heralded at Sundance is a great example of what is wrong with most indie filmmakers these days.<br /><br />First of all there is such a thing as the art of cinematography. Just picking up a 16mm camera and pointing it at whomever has a line does not make for a real movie.<br /><br />I guess we have to consider ourselves lucky the director didn't pick up someone's camcorder...<br /><br />Second indie films are supposed to be about real people. There's nothing real in this film. None of the characters come across as being even remotely human.<br /><br />What they come across as being is figments of the imagination of a writer trying to impress his buddies by showing them how "cool and edgy" he is.<br /><br />Sorry but this is not good writing or good directing.<br /><br />What is left is a husk of a bad movie that somehow made its way to Sundance. Hard to believe this was one of the best films submitted...<br /><br />In any case it made me loose what was left of my respect for the Sundance brand.
critique5800 What a horrible comedy. Totally lame. The supposed "humor" was simple and stupid. Stanly Tucci (a great actor) had the only parts worth chuckling at. And he was tied up and gagged at the time. Don't waste your time with this one. It deserves a 0/10.
critique5801 Wow and I thought that any Steven Segal movie was bad. Every time I thought that the movie couldn't get worse it proved me wrong. The story was good but the actors couldn't carry it off. Also they made a lot of mistakes on how proper archiological digs are done. For instance you don't handle artifacts untill they are catologed and accounted for. The biggest crime in casting was the archiologist girl. She is a weak actress and I felt that her acting really made the movie less realistic then it already was. The whole concept of the knights templar being underground all these years seemed pretty stupid to me. I like the idea of how they disappeared and stuff so that almost seemed depressing. I thought that the characters wern't explained well enough. You didn't find out much background and that made it harder to relate to them.
critique5802 When thinking about Captivity many words come to mind. Among them are: uninteresting unentertaining unsuspensful unsexy unfathomable and unwatchable.<br /><br />I used to hate those movies from the mid to late nineties that were basically ripoffs of Scream but these new Saw knockoffs are beginning to make those films look like classics. They still pander to the same demographic that those other movies were so successful at doing but now they add a new level of degeneracy that make the twelve to fourteen year old girls they're aimed at feel like they're hardcore AND hip.<br /><br />This movie is a load of boring crap! What the hell has happened to Larry Cohen? His name hasn't been attached to anything good since 1993! Even so I was still surprised to see that he had anything to do with something THIS bad! Was anyone surprised when the movie's love interest turned out to be one of the psychopaths? Did anyone not know it when they first saw him? Only someone who has never before in his or her life ever seen another movie!
critique5803 I have to differ from the other comments posted. Amid sporadic funny moments there are a lot of actors trying too hard to be funny. The strain shows. I watched this with two friends on another friend's recommendation- none of us were thrilled.
critique5804 Caught this on IFC yesterday and can't believe the positive reviews! Am I the only one who thought these "ladies" were anything but? Kate tells Jed she could get fired because she's supposed to be a pillar of the community but puts out for him! Then they suddenly decide they're in love? And she's SO devastated over his death she doesn't go to his funeral much less tell his family the "good news"! By the way how did an American get to be the headmistress of a very proper British school? Janine should have been kicked off the force for her inexcusable abuse of power but nothing happens! And she winds up boffing a con she brought in for questioning! And the less said about Molly the better!<br /><br />As for the guilt Janine and Molly feel over Jed please! It's the punk's own damn fault he got turned into roadkill! Where's the guilt over poor Gerald who gets puked on? If only I could do the same to the bozos behind this "movie"!
critique5805 That's right you heard me this movie is a freaking' ABOMINATION. First off the band who the hell is going to go see or listen to a band called "THE NAKED BROTHERS BAND"?!?! Not only is the name terrible but so are the musicians they can't even play anything! Also the lead singer sounds more girly than Geddy Lee and even more his voice is horrible! Not only are they terrible musicians but they're terrible actors. Led by a crappy director and thin plot this has got to be the dumbest movie ever. I wish this website would let you use a vote of ZERO OR BELOW out of 10 because giving this filth a 1/10 is being WAY too generous.<br /><br />I'm not sure that you can call this a comedy film. If you're looking for comedy with music go to that "Weird Al" Yankovic guy 'cause he does it a whole lot better than these untalented tweens.
critique5806 The concept: show 4 families of diverse ethnicities in the Fairfax District of L.A. preparing for the family get-together at Thanksgiving. I loved Soul Food and How to Make an American Quilt {I think there's a law that Alfre Woodard has to be in all these movies) which similarly offered a pastiche of family traditions and was prepared for a treat. Instead I felt tricked. They trot out about 40+ characters and all but two are one-note cliches with no finesse whatsoever. The writers and director should spend a few more years learning about life and learn how loving people of different generations actually do relate. Instead you have a bunch of a**holes getting together on Turkey Day to act like extra-obnoxious a**holes. Now to an extent this is what Thanksgiving is all about. But not this misguidedly. And why bother having Julianne Marguiles then giving her absolutely nothing to do. This was a chore to get through and Mercedes Ruehl is a standout but I give it a 4/10.
critique5807 The plot of 'House of Games' is the strongest thing about it: a successful author and psychologist is conned by a gang of grifters but in discovering the wicked part of herself that enjoys the thrill of what they do she finally gets her revenge. That's about the pitch: but someone has to take responsibility for it coming across as being acted by puppets. It has to be the director Mamet: Lindsay Crouse has had a varied and pretty steady TV and film career so she can't perform this badly all the time. She's supposed to go from uptight cool controlled professional to calculating wicked fast lady having fun as shown by the change from beige trouser suit (which she seems to wear for three days straight including underwear) to floppy floral sundress. But everyone seems to be speaking their lines the same clipped precise way; I imagine Mamet wanting to make sure not a syllable of his scintillating script got missed. The effect is unsettling and spoils the atmosphere of mystery and suspense he is presumably trying to create. At times 'House of Games' loses any connection to how human beings actually behave or talk and becomes just a mechanism to spin out the plot. The clunky vibes'n'oboe faux-jazz soundtrack doesn't help either. The ultimate result is that the only entertainment to be had is in guessing the outcome and the sooner you do that the sooner you will get bored with the robotic two-dimensional performances. And they smoke too much!!!
critique5808 I really like Ryan Reynolds and Hope Davis and I actually had high hopes watching this last night on DVD. Mainly as I try to avoid reviews until I watch something myself and form my own opinion Big mistake! My 2 /10 is for the first segment which in fairness is actually quite decent and if they had made the movie about the characters in section 1 alone it may have risen above the 5/10 mark.Once it moved into TV 'reality show' territory it stank to high heaven. Ryan Reynolds captured the essence of an actor on the edge wonderfully but as a gay TV writer and famous games creator / devoted family man he was definitely less effective. From the blurb on the box I expected a flashback thriller along the lines of 'Memento' - unfortunately this is nowhere near that standard of movie.
critique5809 The Hell's Angels did come out the losers in this movie. Sonny stated to the director that NOBODY does this to the Angles and gets away with it. His version was the two dudes were to be shotgunned to death but his suggestion was ignored. They were stoops to even appear much less be "technical advisers" in a stink-bomb of a movie like this. Hell's Angles on JAP bikes? C'mon! (although in Sonny's autobiography he says "F$#K Harley Davidson!" and that if they was smart they would be riding Hondas. (ST1100) Read his auto...he HATES Harleys. Can you imagine the Angels whispering into town on their sewing-machine sounding Jap bikes? Not too intimidating. They would get laughed out of town.
critique5810 Oh If any day u wanna see a supernatural thriller turning out to be a comedy watch this movie<br /><br />This film was a shocker as it had so many actors in it but what they do and how they fit in?<br /><br />The handling of the college scenes is like a school play where each person comes talk and then the next person comes infront<br /><br />Okay reasons to laugh at the film: 1) Akshay Suneil Aditya Panscholi Sharad Kapoor Arshad Warsi as college students 2)Akshay carries a gun in college 3) some pathetic stunts and SFX<br /><br />there are several more flaws like why doesn't the snake save his lover from being raped and comes in so late? also why he doesn't kill all of them together there only?<br /><br />But afterall they have to make a 2 hrs + film so hence you have a tortorius movie<br /><br />The movie is painful to watch The film was directed by Rajkumar Kohli who was an expert making such films in the past and had a successful record of films like JAANI DUSHMAN(1979) and NAGIN Rajkumar Kohli wants to help his son's non existent career Right from VIRODHI(1992)Aulad Ke Dushman (1993) and QAHAR(1996) all flops he tried hard to promote his son and he also casts big stars so that his son gets noticed sadly nothing could help his son's career<br /><br />The film has several comical scenes like the death scenes how the actors after being bashed by the snake are so fit to fight him again and the climax<br /><br />Direction by Rajkumar Kohli is bad Music is bad<br /><br />That brings us to the cast Akshay Kumar - ordinary stuff he has nothing much to do rather then stunts Suneil Shetty- awful Sonu Nigam- the worst debutante award goes to him he gives cartoon acting a new meaning Aftab- terrible Arshad Warsi- nothing to do Sharad Kapoor- bad Aditya Panscholi- irritates Sunny Deol- is comical in the scene when he comes to save Sonu LOL Manisha Koirala- ordinary Rambha- Akshay's pair Kiran Kumar Raza Murad are as usual Raj Babbar- hilarious for wrong reasons the girls are awful Which brings us to Munish Kohli This guy has a huge physique he is even more stronger and taller then Akshay Kumar Sadly he comes across as poor man's Akshay His voice is awful his expressions are painful The only thing he has to do in the movie is wear glasses and make an evil face Rajat Bedi is awful
critique5811 Even Disney are guilty of the cash cow disease after the roaring success of The Love Bug in 1968 the house of mouse cashed in with Herbie Rides Again Herbie Goes To Monte Carlo and Herbie Goes Bananas. Neither sequel capturing the charm and inoffensive appeal of The Love Bug back in 68 in this one we find race driver Jim Douglas and his sidekick Wheely Applegate entering Herbie in the Monte Carlo Rally. Naturally things outside of the race start to take over priorities they get mixed up in a diamond robbery and Herbie falls in love with another car!. The car stunts are of course pleasant and easy on the eye and it would be churlish of me to really vent venom on such a friendly piece of fluff it's just that the film goes nowhere fast and personally now i can see it for the coin motivated piece of work it is. Still you get to see Herbie take a bath foil the baddies and of course dance for the lady in his life so something there for everyone i think....................4/10.
critique5812 Don't spend your money or your time on this pitiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography.When every third word is devoted to foul language and there is no real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same dated performances from the past and have not evolved in their careers leaves a lot to be said. I was expecting something better from award winning actor Benicio del Toro. The vision that others may have of Puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such trash as Maldeamores. A foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context (see the movie Elsa and Fred for example) but it should not permeate the plot. The movie is a total embarrassment and there was absolutely nothing funny or even cute about this film.
critique5813 I saw that movie and i was shocked! Robert Carlyle isn't Hitler he is a man who sadly tries to be Hitler. The Movie lies it doesn't reflect the truth. In the scene were Hitler hit the guy with his gun. Hitler never had hit anybody he wouldn't hit people with his fist but with the fists of soldiers. Understand?? Another thing is: It is too obvious that Hitler is that evil he was more clever than shown in this movie. No German would have accepted him as the leader because the can see that he is evil. So the real Hitler haven't shown his evil side to the people.<br /><br />Have any of you Yankees watched the movie "Der Untergang" or "The Dawnfall"? this is a great movie with amazing actors. And its a German movie. I think this Theme of Nazi-Germany should not be realized as a movie by people who don't know anything of Germany. People! Watch "Der Untergang": <br /><br />http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0363163/<br /><br />Its a great movie about a very sad period of time for human beings around the world.
critique5814 If you want a horrible interpretation of "MacBeth" then this is your answer. Filled with archaic Shakespearic English language in a 21st century Australian setting this film lives to disappoint and leave you scratching your head. But that isn't all.<br /><br />Not only is there sophomoric action sequences but there are plenty of scenes where the female body is displayed. The witches played by actresses that resemble school girls more than witches put on a soft porn display with MacBeth in a unremarkable display of affection. Welcome to stupidity and depravity - all at the same time.<br /><br />Its a wonder why this project was green-lighted. So much for modern cheesy movies. "D-"
critique5815 Watching the first few moments you realize it's going to be a parody - and certainly it *is* a parody but I'm not sure of what (a fairy tale? an opera? a Hollywoodian C-movie? - if there was something like that) and I can assure you it's not worth watching. It's simply a pointless film (cf. a good parody is everything but pointless) with pretentious shallow speeches of extremely sketchy characters. It's like a commedia dell'arte. Or better it's like a botched commedia dell'arte. And the score... sung in an intentionally incompetent way (something Greenaway will use much more efficiently) it *is* painful to listen to (unless one wears some sate-of-the-art earplugs haha). Go for quality movies (e.g. A. Mitta's How Czar Peter the Great Married Off His Moor 1976) and steer clear of this mistake.
critique5816 I swear I had never seen such a bad movie as Half Caste is. Not only because it just makes no sense is a huge piece of egolatry and self-confidence that makes me puke.<br /><br />Sebastian Apocada (in Spanish Apocada has a similar pronunciation to "apocado" which means "out of life and happiness") makes here a one man army movie thinking he is Sam Raimi or the boys who directed the Blair Witch project. This is the Blair Kittie project with an expensive low budget.<br /><br />The story a couple of American Filmmakers that go to Africa to make a documentary of the Half Caste is just no-sense. The way of filming inserting high speed shots with slow motion shots just revolts your stomach more than the stupid lines (what the hell is that dialog about Bestiality?) or the lame performances. By the way I don't believe this cast (or caste?) is American they all look European to me.<br /><br />To finish this just say that the filmmakers made an intelligent move about selling the movie. They put a fake award achievement (as most original film) and a nice cover (in Spain the cover had the Half caste image in negative) so I feel now unhappy because I can't demand my 14 Euros back.
critique5817 Two redeeming qualities of this film were the cinemaphotography and a storyline that was hard to resist. However the script the direction and some scenes were just awful. I kept asking myself why such a good cast would have produced such a bad movie. My only conclusion was that these actors must believe in the charity which underlies the plot of the movie but knew the movie was filled with flaws.<br /><br />This film could have been so much better and reached a larger audience accordingly. What makes me think this is that with all of the problems of the film some scenes being painfully bad to watch I still wanted to see how the obvious conclusion would resolve itself.
critique5818 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5819 If I accidentally stumbled across this script in textual form i would read it and maybe laugh. I would not however laugh at the points in the film where the director would seem to want me to laugh. Although I am still not altogether sure where these are. I don't care if this is Woody Allen this writer cannot write dialogue or at least he cannot knowingly write dialogue then draw performances from actors capable of drawing laughter from even the most ticklish of clowns. For example:<br /><br />(paraphrase) "I'm an art historian i'm looking to get a job in an art gallery." <br /><br />OK so it states the fact but honestly do you know of any art historians who would say that? How would you answer? <br /><br />"Really? An art gallery? who would've thought it?"<br /><br />The entire script is littered with the kind of tawdry quasi-intellectualism that i would not have expected from such a respected character writer. I admit that I have no knowledge of Allen's other work and judging by this one i don't want to start learning. The characters are loathsome without exception an attempt to illustrate that we all suffer from the human condition? Or really really poor character writing? You be the judge.
critique5820 The movie blood and chocolate is NOTHING like the book. The plot has totally changed and whoever chose the cast needed to read the book. First the girl is not an introvert Aden is. Vivian was the one that chased Aden. Her mother was to have survived and be the one after Gabriel. Astrid was the one that did all the murders along with Ralf an ex of Vivian's. Gabriel is not old. He is old looking. And Aden DID NOT get Vivian in the end Gabriel did. The title came from Vivian comparing kisses from Aden (sweet like chocolate) and Gabriel(delicious like blood). She picked blood because it promised more and he understood her more. That reminds me Gabriel is not against humans like in the movie. He just avoids intimacy with them because they hurt him in the past. Really the book is sooooooo much better than the movie. But if you want o see running a dating montage and a lot of jumping. Then this is the movie to see.
critique5821 Early Jackie Chan film where there is no sign of the Chan persona we know. This is Chan in a full on traditional revenge tale of the sort that was cloned and re-cloned by countless producers and studios all through Hong Kong Taiwan and Mainland China. Its a very serious story that shows none of the humor and warmth that would catapult Jackie Chan to super stardom. Its also clear from watching this that had he not reinvented himself odds are we would never have known him because his career would have been painfully short. As a film on its own merits this is a good looking but pretty unremarkable movie. I was watching it in the midst of an all day marathon of martial arts films and it would have blended together with every other film that I watched that day had I not noticed Jackie in the film. Honestly I don't think the film is really worth bothering with (there are too many other better variations) except if you're interested in seeing where Jackie Chan started.
critique5822 This movie is being shown over and over on cable lately so..<br /><br />There is no excuse for these 2 attractive women to fight over either Luke Wilson or the equally vapid 'villian' in this movie. The female actresses are very cute and that's the only reason to watch this movie. I suppose it is 'funny' that Luke's even uglier/dorkier/stupider friend is around but well that is what we get.<br /><br />Neither of the female leads would ever EVER talk to any of the males in this movie for more than 5 minutes. What we get is them sobbing and crying and fighting and so on over 2 guys that were best described in Friday the 13th 4. Dead *@$#
critique5823 ...Or better yet watch Fandango if you want to see a really intelligent and funny male college age road flick. Rolling Kansas sounded promising (in fact the program guide gave it 2.5 out of 4 stars which usually means it's fairly watchable) but I pretty much fast-forwarded through it. Usually road trip movies have great music but I can't even recall whether there was music. The only high point was a small role with Rip Torn as a wise old hitchhiker/guru. Otherwise the jokes and timing missed all along the way. The four main characters are unknown actors and I don't remember seeing any of them in another movie. (Oh yeah I see that Thos. Hayden Church was in it but he's in everything good bad or indifferent). This movie is about as funny as watching someone else stoned when you're not.
critique5824 The good news for IMDb is that this movie was so very bad that it compelled me to register and make a comment. I should add here that I'm a film buff who rarely passes harsh judgment. But sometimes a movie is so poorly acted poorly conceived poorly edited with a such a poor story line that it begs criticism.<br /><br />I'm surprised by all the claims of how superb brilliant dark and beautifully shot this movie was. I can only conclude that the cast and crew are active posters here. The acting was extremely thin. The pace of the movie was agonizing. I gave it new chances at every turn (mostly because I didn't want to feel like I was wasting a Saturday morning in NY) but with every new scene it dragged longer delivering characters in which I took no interest with which I could not connect for whom I could not empathize.<br /><br />When I see negative reviews on IMDb of small independent films like this I sometimes wonder if the poster has a personal axe to grind (something like. . he used to date the gaffer she dumped him and now he's going to trash everything she ever works on). But here nope. I know no one who worked on this film. And I wish it would have been great. But the film wasn't dark (as some have mentioned) or depressing (as others have claimed). . . those suggest that I connected with the film . . . nope Henry May Long was just too long empty and tedious. <br /><br />That's the Tomas Take on this one.
critique5825 The best thing about "The Prey" is the tag line..."It's not human and it's got an axe"! The movie itself is a padded stinkaroo....endless insect and wildlife shots make the viewer wanna die! No slasher fan will like this garbage.....Watch "Friday the 13th" again and burn any copy of this film you find! <br /><br />It also rates as one of the 25 worst films ever made!
critique5826 I once thought that "The Stoned Age" was the worst film ever made... I was wrong. "Hobgoblins" surpassed it in every way I could imagine and a few I couldn't. In "The Stoned Age" I hated the characters. In "Hobgoblins" I hated the actors... and everyone else involved in creating this atrocity. I won't include a teaser to this film I'm not that cruel. I couldn't subject innocent people such as yourselves to such torment. In fact any discussion of plot pertaining to this film is senseless and demeaning. Words I would use to describe this film are as follows: insipid asinine and ingenuous.<br /><br />In conclusion PLEASE don't watch this film. I beg of you from one movie lover to another... no from one human being to another PLEASE. For the sake of your own sanity and intellect DO NOT WATCH IT. Destroy any copies you come across.
critique5827 Obviously someone was looking at catching onto the "Blair Witch" wave.<br /><br />This movie was set up like all the "reality" haunted shows that are popping up on TV lately (and I must admit I get a kick out of these) but this movie is MUCH cheesier! Probably the first three-quarters of the movie is filled with the "participants" going through the house WHINING. Give me a break! Spending 10 minutes whining about going up into the attic is not my idea of a good time. Any paranormal happenings are blatant setups. No strings but too perfectly caught on camera to be real. The "participants" were not very likeable either. Two goofy guys who don't take it seriously one girl who scares at the drop of a hat and the quintessential over-played "paranormal" person. Is this becoming the clichÃƒÂ©d-"formula" for a ghost movie?<br /><br />I have to admit the last 15 minutes or so were pure tension. They took every ounce of tension in the movie and stuck it in those 15 minutes. I admit I spent that time pacing in the kitchen. I really wouldn't recommend this movie to younger viewers even if it is PG13.<br /><br />If you're looking for some entertainment if you don't take it seriously you will get a kick out of this movie. There's tons of situations to make cracks about! If you're looking for an great story-line.. look elsewhere ;)
critique5828 Lame is really the best way to describe this movie. It has a real poor script uninteresting dialog and characters and it's lacking in basically everything else as well. <br /><br />There are too many characters and problem is that you don't care about any of them. What the movie is lacking is one good and clear main character. Instead now the movie has a bit of everything it has a bit of an hero it has a bit of a love interest and it has a bit of villain. I wish it only had a bit less Ghoulies though fore they are just mostly very annoying in this movie.<br /><br />Ghoulies are supposed to be devilish creatures who murder for pleasure. In this movie however all they want to do is drink beer and watch naked college girls. Besides someone had the 'brilliant' idea to let the Ghoulies be able to talk this time. This works out really poorly and annoying. The Ghoulie-puppets had been definitely upgraded for this movie and they are more detailed looking and are able to do more however at the same time they are way more fake looking than the ones from the previous Ghoulies movies.<br /><br />It's obvious that the aim for this movie was more comedy than horror this time. The movie is like a lame '80's high-school comedy (even though this movie got released in 1991). It's humor is really the worst and most lame thing about the entire movie. It's so incredibly annoying and simply not funny at all.<br /><br />The story is not going anywhere with its story and the movie is just basically one big mess that never seems to end. The Ghoulies plot line seems basically to have nothing to do at all with the other plot lines of the movie involving the human characters. The movie is not at all about the Ghoulies terrorizing a college with the humans trying to hunt them down and stop their rampage. No big surprise that this is Brent Olson's only written movie as of yet. He simply has no talent for it and I think that he has discovered this as well and has gone back to college himself instead.<br /><br />Even when compared to the previous Ghoulies movies; this movie is just simply terrible!<br /><br />2/10
critique5829 This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. The story was boring the dialogue was atrocious and the acting hammy. I'm not sure if this movie was the result of a film school homework project but it certainly played like one. It is not even particularly successful in its central conceit of trying to appear as a single continuous take. The whooshing horizontal camera pans are a cheap and unoriginal way of hiding cuts.
critique5830 Kristy Swanson plays an elite hitwoman who is supposed to have knocked off a TV reporter for a group of bad guysbut once she sees this poor fellow at home playing with his kids she decides to junk the whole project and the TV reporter's life is spared.The hitwoman's life is up for grabs as the people who wanted this reporter killed now want her dead for not following through with her assignment.Such is the basis for a movie called Supreme Sanction.<br /><br />Supreme waste of time is more like it.We see Swanson's character beat uppummel and kill men far bigger than her.And she always one two fifty steps ahead of the group of murders who can'tfor some reasondo away with this super hitwoman.Having one woman do away and beat all these menmakes the movie seem so gay.It is too predictable once you figure Swanson's character is going to win out anywaythus making the film boring and inept.<br /><br />Kristy Swanson is decent actresswho in her younger days was always sexy and easy on the eyes.Supreme Sanction is not one of her better efforts however.
critique5831 ..Oh wait I can! This movie is not for the typical film snob unless you want to brush up on your typical cinematic definitions like "continuity editing" and "geographic match". I couldn't tell where I was in this movie. One second they're in the present next minute their supposedly in the 70's driving a modern SUV and wearing what looked like to me as 80's style clothing. I think. I couldn't pay long enough attention to it since the acting was just horrible. I think it only got attention because it has a 3d which I did not watch. If you're a b-movie buff and by b-movie I mean BAD movie then this film is for you. It's home-movie and all non-sense style will keep you laughing for as long as you can stay awake. If your tastes are more for Goddard and Antonioni though just skip this one.
critique5832 Well it is hard to add comment after reading what is already here but I feel I must say something. I wasn't exactly looking for 'a splatterfest' as someone puts it or even 'blood and guts/gore'. I have some respect for the victims relatives although I really felt the filmaker DIDN'T. -They were nameless faceless and meaningless. Just a vessel for Dahmers sexual antics.<br /><br />I watched this film with the kind of morbid curiosity that makes me think 'What makes a guy be a serial killer?' as well as wondering the specifics about the Dahmer story of which I know very little. People here seem to think that the movie didn't have to cover the events of the Dahmer story.. I.E. his history what happened when he got caught the aftermath etc but IT IS IMPORTANT! You see I assume if you are American you WILL KNOW all of this. We do not all live in America. To tell this story about such a man as he obviously was REQUIRES that at least SOME of the history and actual events are told/shown. This doesn't mean blood and guts there are ways of showing horrific things in a movie by implication or clever filming without resorting to gore. Without even touching upon some of what he did (I found out more about him reading the user comments on this site!) the movie felt like a void. A moment in time with very little substance. I would like to know if there is a film about the REAL Dahmer because with its lack of direction VERY slow pace that NEVER changes Strange portrayal of homosexuality and the VERY unfortunate lack of ANY attempt at an ending this movie is POOR. I would not recommend to anyone that they waste the time it takes to watch it. A definite 1 out of 10 (for the acting!)
critique5833 A Vietnam vet decides to take over a backwater town run amok and anyone who steps in his path is eliminated (including women). Released to theaters just prior to "A Star Is Born" which turned his career around this action-drama mishmash starring Kris Kristofferson is wildly off-kilter thoughtless and mean-spirited. Filmed in Simi Valley CA the results are truly unseemly with redneck clichÃƒÂ©s and mindless violence making up most of director George Armitage's script. Armitage has gathered a most curious '70s cast for his film including Jan-Michael Vincent Victoria Principal Bernadette Peters and in a bit Loni Anderson; however the center of the whole thing is Kristofferson who is gruff and rude throughout. It deserves points I suppose for being a completely unsympathetic drive-in thriller but the bad vibes (and the ridiculous climax) coat the whole project like an ugly stain. *1/2 from ****
critique5834 I can't give it less than a star I tried. At this moment Im not sure if Im halfway through it or not but I stopped actively paying attention around the time part of it was revealed to be a dream. Or not. Or maybe it was. I think viewers who posted a comment that didn't include the descriptions "horrible" or "awful" or "made me want to swallow a bullet" are probably being nice because it is an indie film. Don't listen to them listen to me- there is no nudity in the movie skip it. I needed ten lines to submit this warning so I will also say that the goth girl that some users have described as "hot" is fat. She has fat elephant legs.
critique5835 This movie is really nothing besides an admittedly well-crafted series of tense sequences punctuated with an inevitable "gotcha!" at the end of each. Really there is no character development and no real plot to speak of. There are only the most skeletal of motivations for the characters to do anything while they trudge forward to their unavoidable dooms. It's all just an excuse to show a creepy ghost kid (who seems to have gotten some of the family cat mixed up in his ectoplasm) and his ghost mom (with long black hair hanging in her face kind of like "The Ring") take down a bunch of cardboard cut-out two-dimensional excuses for human characters.<br /><br />This English-language version of "The Grudge" is the equivalent of cinematic junk food; satisfying momentarily but not really what you ought to be living on.<br /><br />Not recommended.
critique5836 I did here this movie was good from various people. Plus I do like Natalie Portman and Javier Bardem as well as the director Milos Forman. Yet after watching this movie I really had nothing to admire about it.<br /><br />First off the acting was very much below average. The performances were just not powerful enough to really feel shocked by what the inquisition did. Javier Bardem did give a solid performance and was probably the only one who actually had as Spanish accent. It is pretty obvious why this Bardem was the only one. Natalie Portman who I think is a very good up and coming actress did not really make me feel sorry for her being tortured. Like the movie there was nothing to admire about her performance. Stellan Skarsgaard who I do like gave a very average performance like the other actors giving a boring performance. This movie was essentially about him since he plays Goya. Yet he did not become what he needed to be to make this movie good. What about Randy Quaid? You have just got to be kidding me. Him playing King Carlos IV. Look he is great in comedies but him playing a King that just describes the whole movie for you.<br /><br />The directing was just horrible in this movie. When a movie is a mess there are usually two people to blame for that: the director and the writer. I get the feeling that Milos Forman really didn't want his actors to put a Spanish accent on. From the very few battle scenes in here they were all displayed horribly. Also as a director he needs to give you the feeling of shock of what the inquisition did. After this movie I felt like I could careless about the event. To sum it all up he poorly shot the scenes and misguided the actors.<br /><br />The writing which was also done by Milos Forman was just as bad or maybe even worse than the directing. There really was nothing memorable of the movie except for one seen where Bardem does get the same treatment that Portman's character has gotten. Other then that the movie did not give you the feeling of the time period and at least it could have made up for it with a quote or two.<br /><br />After finishing this movie I was just looking at the T.V. thinking OK why should I care about any of this. I do care and are very much interested in history but when movies like this come up it feels like the producers robbed you of something good that could have been taken away from the movie. When movies are this bad we highlight a lot of the technical faults in a movie than if it was good. Like the accents. I'm not sure people would have emphasized the lack of Spanish accents if this movie was good.<br /><br />Thw whole point of this review is to say just don't watch it.
critique5837 Before the days of home video Stan Laurel's pre-Hardy comedy 'Kill or Cure' was known -- to the extent that it was known at all -- only because a few sequences were included in Robert Youngson's compilation film 'Laurel and Hardy's Laughing 20's'. Youngson knew what he was doing: the best gags in 'Kill or Cure' were brought intact into his compilation while the rest of this only mildly funny comedy remained on Youngson's cutting-room floor.<br /><br />Laurel portrays a commercial traveller hawking a patent medicine cried Professor I.O. Dine's Knox-All: that name is the funniest joke in this movie which ain't sayin' much. I should point out that this movie dates from 1923 the shank of Prohibition. During Prohibition quite a lot of Americans purchased patent medicine if it had (ahem!) 'medicinal' properties so -- if Knox-All contains alcohol -- Stan's job in this movie is less desperate than the one which he and Ollie famously had in 'Big Business' selling Christmas trees in the summer. Too bad for this movie that it's not nearly so funny as 'Big Business'.<br /><br />We see Stan (but don't hear him in this silent film) delivering a spirited sales talk to a man who seems to be paying attention ... until we learn that they're standing outside a deaf-mute institution and this man is deaf. A haughty woman emerges from the gates: Stan quickly tries to engage her attention by wiggling his fingers at her. Of course she's not deaf and she promptly whacks him with her umbrella. I found this sequence offensive NOT because it involves deaf people (the deaf aren't the butt of the joke) but because it abets the very widely-held misconception among hearing people that they can communicate with the deaf by merely waggling their fingers randomly and performing Charades without actually learning the highly complex grammar of sign language.<br /><br />More amusingly a spinster in this movie has a pet canary named Rudolph (as in Valentino) and there's a gag involving trick photography to enable a man to hide behind an object that's narrower than his body. I've seen this device in several cartoons and live-action movies but 'Kill or Cure' is I think the earliest movie to use it that I've seen so far.<br /><br />Stan Laurel an under-rated actor does one bit of physical business here that's worthy of Chaplin or Keaton in which he conveys his emotions -- and a change in his demeanour -- while walking away from the camera with his back to us. Still Laurel never really became a first-rate comedian until he united with Oliver Hardy to form the greatest comedy team ever. 'Kill or Cure' barely rates 3 out of 10.
critique5838 I am very surprised by the positive comments because there were four of us that saw this at one screening and we all walked out. We personally felt that it was painfully slow to watch and couldn't sit through the whole movie. And we really tried to stick with it. In particular those in the group who really wanted to like it because of their personal experiences with sexual orientation alienation in the school years depicted didn't like or identify with it at all. :(<br /><br />That said it is great to see that this film really resonated with a lot of people here on the boards and with reviewers. That's the beauty of the subjective art form of film. :)
critique5839 this film was a major letdown. the level of relentless cruelty and violence in this film was very disturbing. some scenes were truly unnecessarily ugly and mean-spirited. the main characters were impossible to identify with or even sympathize with. the lead protagonist's character was as slimy as they come. the sickroom/hothouse atmosphere lent itself to over-the-top theatrics. little or nothing could be learned about the Spanish civil war from this film. fortunately i've been to spain and realize this is not realistic! in addition the use of same-sex attraction as a lurid "horror" was also very offensive and poorly handled while the DVD is being packaged and advertised to attract gay viewers. the actors seemed uncomfortable in their rolesas if they were trying to distance themselves from this mess.i guess if you like watching children and pets being brutally killedthis film might especially appeal to you.
critique5840 Prince of Central Park (2000) is so utterly bad. It was a pure waste of my time and I can't believe I actually watched the whole thing. Please do not watch this movie if it's the last thing you do!
critique5841 This is the most cliche ridden and worst romantic comedy I have ever seen. Every scene is cringe worthy and the two lead actors - Corey and Danny are soo annoying. Corey is very dumb and naive and should have never listened to Danny's false promises.<br /><br />Neve Campbell and the killer from Urban Legend are the only redeeming qualities in this poor attempt of a film. Danny (Dean Paras) looks in his late thirties and the girl he's trying to bed - Corey looks as if she's still in college.<br /><br />Here in Australia this film is called Too Smooth; there is nothing smooth about this film at all. 1/10 Avoid
critique5842 In the questionable comedy vein of Mel Brooks "Wholly Moses!" tries to take the Bible story of Moses and make fun of it resulting in the unfunniest Biblical spoof ever filmed.<br /><br />There is no real plot here just excuses to trot out stalwart comedy talent in underwritten roles. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a bus tour of the Holy Land when they stumble across an ancient scroll in a cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life parallels Moses'. He was sent down the river to be found by the pharaoh's family at the same time Moses was. Herschel's birth father the late James Coco becomes Herschel's slave after Herschel is rescued by idol makers and works as a sculptor. Eventually Herschel comes to work for the pharaoh as an astronomer is banished and ends up tending Moses' flock of sheep. Herschel and Moses are brothers in law marrying sisters and Herschel thinks God has chosen him to free his people in Egypt. Of course Moses was receiving the Divine Word but Herschel misunderstood. I'll pause here to laugh hysterically...pause...anyway the rest of the film is a series of badly written scenes involving Moore and actors who are making "special appearances." These scenes do not propel the plot forward they bring what little story there is to a grinding halt.<br /><br />Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom DeLuise has maybe three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel just giving the same line readings he gave in "The Paper Chase." David L. Lander is a fake blind man "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's sisters. I was not sure who Madeline Kahn was supposed to be she gives a ride to Herschel and has about a minute and a half of screen time. John Ritter plays a very unfunny devil. Richard Pryor has one scene as the pharaoh but it was obviously shot at a different time than Moore's scene because the two do not appear onscreen together! In the end Zerelda turns into a pillar of salt after looking back on New Sodom's destruction ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments and gives them to Moses who is basking in all the glory. In the final scenes the screenwriter decide to try and salvage this shallow film by having Herschel bait God into an argument. God comes off as an all powerful bully who was leading Herschel around for his own amusement speaking through him only to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have Zerelda quip "God works in mysterious ways" thereby excusing everyone's very unChristian behavior during the film.<br /><br />This film is not funny. There is nary a laugh to be found anywhere. At least Monty Python made fun of many established religious mainstays in "Life of Brian" in addition to their questionable take on Jesus' life but here the humor consists of poo poo jokes and characters constantly bumping their heads. This makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant/Ivory. Churchgoers will be offended not by the film's attitude toward religion but by the smugness the movie exhibits impressed with their own hoitytoityness (I know not a word) on a subject they obviously know nothing about. "Wholly Moses!" is wholly bad and an embarassment to all involved. I suggest you read the Book instead.<br /><br />This is rated (PG) for some physical violence profanity sexual references and adult situations.
critique5843 Many things become clear when watching this film: 1) the acting is terrible. Tom Hanks and Wendy Crewson are so-so but the parent-child conflict borders soap opera-ish. The other two boys: an overly pouty child prodigy and your stereotypical I'm-a-babe-but-I'm-really-sensitive-inside blonde dreamboat; 2) the film as a whole is depressing and disappointing; 3) Robbie's dreams and episodes are disturbing (acted by Tom Hanks); 4) the inclusion of the beginning love ballads is an odd choice ("we are all special friends"); 5) the weird lines and side plots are not made any better by the terrible acting; and 5) this is a really bad movie. Expect to be disappointed--and probably disturbed.
critique5844 This movie is about as underrated as Police Acadmey Mission to Moscow. This movie is never funny. It's maybe the worst comedy spoof ever made. Very boringand dumb beyond belief. For those people that think this movie is underrated god help you. I give this movie * out of ****<br /><br />
critique5845 After a promising first 25 minutes that makes you feel all warm inside you're pretty convinced that this will be a great romantic comedy. Then the movie takes a turn for the worse. <br /><br />The warm feeling might still be there but as others has said: The plot becomes so unbelievable and artificial that it's almost unbearable to watch. <br /><br />The movie gets sped up and you get the impression that you're either fast forwarding through it or that the producers decided to fit it in less than 1h40m and had to cut a lot of scenes out.<br /><br />Realism isn't a goal onto itself but as a viewer I'm pretty convinced that this comedy isn't intentionally unrealistic it just happens to be.<br /><br />On the plus side this movie has a couple of nice interiors and despite the bad script I think that the actors performances are mainly good. If I could rate the first 25 minutes only I'd probably give it an eight. As it is now it gets a four. ...And that's being nice! <br /><br />If you're a sucker for romantic comedies you'll probably have a great time anyways. If not I'd recommend that you watch something else.
critique5846 Understand i'm reviewing the film I have seen. I realize virtually all the nudity and gore was cut from this film thus neutering it completely. When seeing names like Ginger Lynn and Jenna Jameson attached I knew I wasn't going to get a horror classic but at the very least I expected gratuitous boobies and bloodshed. But no this has got to be the most butchered modern horror film I mean it's easy to tell there is much more to certain scenes' but they suddenly cut away or the scene just totally ends right as it begins. How does one screw up cannibals' and porn stars? I mean thats a winning formula it makes me wonder if the director slept with some executive's wife or something because it is literally amazing how much got cut from this. Reading about it a few years back in Fangoria I was excited it looked like a fun film but unfortunately the true film is locked in a vault somewhere and we must endure this piece of excrement retitled Evil Breed. Hopefully an unrated cut will be released someday as I think a good movie exists in this mess but until then best grab a twelve pack of Bud cause thats the only way you'll make it through this movie.
critique5847 I saw this film over the weekend and while I was impressed as always with the beauty and polish of Church-produced films I left disappointed that this one fell so short failing to inform members and leaving investigators with many unanswered questions.<br /><br />The film is 70 minutes of vignettes from the life of Joseph Smith. It's not a true biopic because there's no real coherent narrative. Most of the episodes concern Joseph doing good deeds playing baseball running races and laughing with children often in sloooow motion. What a great just folks kind of guy that Joseph was huh? Look at him out there beating rugs for his wife Emma. Well howzbout the rugs of his 33 plural wives?? No mention whatsoever is made of polygamy. A glaring omission.<br /><br />And it is in such omissions where the film falters. It supplies too little information and leaves critical thinking audience members wondering WHY is Joseph getting tarred and feathered WHY is he getting thrown in jail and WHY does that mob want to kill him? The film's climax is of course Joseph and Hyrum's trek to Carthage jail (riding past a veritable United Nations of faces looking out from Nauvoo's doorways). But no mention is ever made about WHY. Nothing about Smith suppressing the Nauvoo Expositor newspaper and ordering its press destroyed for its revealing the secret teaching of polygamy. The audience is left to wonder or to assume it's just more baseless persecution of the Church. No mention of Joseph being charged with treason for declaring martial law and calling out the Nauvoo militia.<br /><br />Of course I certainly did not expect this Church-produced film to present the Joseph of Richard Bushman's recent biography Rough Stone Rolling but I was surprised and taken aback at just how little of substance was actually presented.<br /><br />And worse what substance that was presented was often inaccurate. Two examples jumped out at me. First the translation of the Book of Mormon. The film shows Joseph reading right off the golden plates in their two-ring binder which plates in reality were hidden far from the site. It's well known that Joseph did his translating by burying his face in his hat peering at the seer stone in there. The second inaccuracy occurs at Carthage jail where the mob storms the cell. The History of the Church reports that Joseph had a six-shooter and even fired off a few rounds before jumping out the window and giving the Masonic signal of distress (as reported in Times & Seasons).<br /><br />Maybe showing the reality of the gunfight would have shattered the heart-tugging mood the filmmakers had created but by omitting it they were unfaithful to history and failed to show Joseph as he really was: handy with a gun and able to defend himself. In fact the impression the film gives is that Joseph was a nice guy but also something of a milquetoast that everybody beat up tossed in jail and eventually murdered in cold blood. He was far from that; Joseph was a disciplined and determined man who endured a lot of hardship and struggle to bring to fruition that in which he believed.<br /><br />See the film but know going in that's it's cotton candy. Then get your meat and potatoes by reading a copy of Bushman's biography of Smith Rough Stone Rolling <br /><br />PS: Church-produced films have no credits but seasoned eyes can pick out a couple familiar faces. Rick Macy is excellent as Joseph Smith Sr. and Bruce Newbold beloved as Thomas in Finding Faith in Christ here plays the cranky Methodist minister who failed to show Christian love to a young seeker after Truth.
critique5848 To be completely honestI haven't seen that many western films but I've seen enough to know what a good one is.This by far the worst western on the planet today.First off there black people in the wild west? Come on! Who ever thought that this could be a cool off the wall movie that everyone would love were slightly no no completely retarded!Secondly in that day and age women especially black women were not prone to be carrying and or using guns.Thirdly whats with the Asian chick speaking perfect English? If the setting is westernAsia isn't where your going. Finallythe evil gay chick was too much the movie was just crap from the beginning.Now don't get me wrong I'm not racist or white either so don't get ticked after reading this but this moviethis movie is the worst presentation of black people I have ever seen!
critique5849 The movie is about a day in the life of a woman who is going insane. To show that she is mentally ill she overacts a lot and the narrator tells us she's "going mad". Along the way she goes out with a fat guy who looks like he could be Orson Welles' brother and he later takes a header off a building in one of the only interesting moments in the movie.<br /><br />This is a strange little film that is very cheaply made--and it sure shows. The film was shot without sound (probably using 8mm or some other cheap type of film) and had some sound effects and an overbearing narration added later. In fact the narration was the most obtrusive and unintentionally hilarious I have ever heard and it is said in such a silly and over-the-top manner you'd just have to hear it to believe it. As a result of these cost-cutting actions it's not surprising that the film is bad though the idea of trying to make this sort of film was pretty original. Plus it's VERY hard to make it through the entire film.
critique5850 This was an appallingly bad film! Ashley Rose Orr was horrible she had none of Shirley Temple's charm AT ALL! Those ghastly smiles she would do when she scrunched up her piggy little eyes in a way that I think was 'supposed' to be cute and make the audience go - "aahhhh bless!" It just made me want to slap her. She must have simpered "oh my goodneth!" about a hundred times throughout the film. Also she could barely utter a sentence without accompanying it with a fake giggle. Horrible HORRIBLE film .. If I could rate it minus 10 I would. Don't waste your money on this piece of rubbish go out and buy a genuine Shirley Temple film!
critique5851 Wow what a bad film. Not frightening in the least and barely comprehensible. The plot doesn't hang together at all and the acting is absolutely appalling. What's that line from a famous critic? "She runs the emotional gamut from A to B." Yup. That about sums it up. Not even good for camp value! I wasn't expecting Oscar material but this? And gosh her friend's a ghost? You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.<br /><br />This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public. If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative! This gets a 1 out of 10 simply because there's nothing lower. On the bright side--at least it's not a full two hours long.
critique5852 I really liked the movie 'The Emporer's New Groove' but watching this was like coming home and seeing your wife having "relations" with a llama. Seriously this movie was bad. It's like Club Dread after Super Troopers. I am supposed to write 10 lines but I don't even know what else to say. I laughed a couple of times but only because I was drinking. A movie like that should at least be funny when your drunk. It was not. Maybe llamas are just funny and regular cartoon people aren't. Either way just stick with The Emporer's New Groove if you want a funny cartoon llama-themed movie. Line 10 is this line right here.
critique5853 Sorry this movie did not scare me it just annoyed me. It was just so frustrating when I saw the potential and that all that fell by the wayside. The children! The father! The premonition! Had so much potential and ziltch! zero nada! I have heard it all before. Scary! No! I can scare myself alone here where I sit than they could in the movie. Are there men writing that figure that women should be so annoying? Huh? This movie was quite atmospheric. Or at least it could have been had the director/writer bothered to work it. We could have had some good music that would have added to the tension too if someone had made the effort. What I really want to know is why do they get the money? Just give it to me and save all that hassle. Abandoned?... No we where betrayed
critique5854 I remember being forced (yes--literally FORCED) to see this film by a Southern Baptist Preacher when I was a kid and even then I loved its awfulness. It's designed to scare poor suckers into being "saved." The only thing that "saved" me was the fact that it finally ended and I could go out and have a REAL life.<br /><br />Check out the chapter on this film in Sarah Diamond's book "The Politics of the Christian Right." FASCINATING. And certainly more interesting than the movie!
critique5855 I attended a screening of this film. Travolta came to do a Q & A after the film ended. It was a small screening room in Tribeca. Out of courtesy to him I did not walk out which I wanted to do. This is film-making at its worst. To start the script was poorly written. The writer writes in one voice. The dialogue was stilted and clichÃƒÂ©d. How this writer/director got Scarlet Johansen John Travolta and Lions Gate Entertainment to back her on this is the only brilliant thing she accomplished in this fiasco.<br /><br />I do in fact recommend this film to all aspiring screenwriters directors and filmmakers. Because when you are told that you are wasting your time and it will be impossible for you to reach your goals. Hey...just look at this crap and say to yourself...if they can make this then anythings poosible.<br /><br />PS- Travolta did a great Q&A though...he was at ease spoke freely and was a down to earth nice guy. The director/writer stood on the sidelines. When John tried to engage her in the conversation she stood back like a piece of wood and never joined in. I looked at her and I thought...how was this person able to successfully "pitch" to agents studio execs top talent ...when she can't open her mouth at a screening of her own film. The conclusion from a few of us in attendance was that she must have strong family connections in the business.<br /><br />After you watch this you should follow it with Guy Ritchie's zero star masterpiece "Swept Away" with the most unintentionally funny and worst performance by wife Madonna. She's so bad and looks so bad in this film I figure this was her his way of getting back at her for all the abuse he takes from her at home.
critique5856 So I'm looking to rent a DVD and I come across this movie called 'End Game'. It stars James Woods and Cuba Gooding JR and has the synopsis of a taught political thriller. Well worth a look then. Or so I thought.<br /><br />Boy was I wrong.<br /><br />End Game has just about the most ridiculous plot I have ever had the displeasure of enduring. Now being something of a whodunnit I can't really tear into it as I would like without 'ruining' it for those who have yet to experience this monstrosity. But questions such as 'Why has he/she/they done this?' and 'Where on earth did they get the resources to pull this off?' are all too abundant following the film's unintentionally hilarious conclusion.<br /><br />As for the acting - you know those films where you can almost feel that an actor's realised that they've made a terrible mistake in signing on for a movie and this then shows in their performance? This is one of those. Accompany this with a laughable script and seriously flawed irritating direction and you have the recipe for cinematic poison.<br /><br />Of course this didn't make it to the cinema and for the same reason you should not allow it into your living room; it is appalling.
critique5857 Usually when BBC releases a TV series one is used to a certain satisfaction guarantee. Usually the TV series is splendid even if the story is boring you can trust the acting will make the it worth while. When I came across Persuasion here at the local library I was looking forward to an enjoyable evening cause I read the story.<br /><br />I'm glad I read the story first otherwise I would not think highly of it. Further was I relieved to learn that the production date of this TV series was from 1971 since I thought until that moment that BBC had lost it. It is really bad and should be used in acting schools as a horror movie.<br /><br />The only positive thought I have about this series that the people in this film are not likely to appear or be involved in any BBC or other product this century other than the young Musgroves sisters who apparently were taking their fist steps in acting and doing remarkably well under the direction otherwise given.
critique5858 I am appalled at how bad this film is. As a pastiche of early 20th century Hollywood artistes it sets a new low - even past The Moderns or (gasp) Cradle Will Rock & I never thought I'd see a film worse than those 2. Granted they were about a slightly different milieu & period. Nevertheless the intents & results were distressingly similar.<br /><br />First off there's the horrible casting: Eddie Izzard as CHAPLIN? Excuse me? Peter did you owe this guy something? Jennifer Tilly as Loulla Parsons?? Kirsten Dunst as Marion Davies??? Holy smoke these people don't even begin to try to capture the look or sound of the period they are purportedly depicting.<br /><br />Well Last Picture Show was a decent film but this thing is a disaster & the rest of Bogdonovitch's pics haven't been much better. Guess rubbing up against Welles & Hitch & Ford wore off a long time ago. Still good for hosting TCM though.
critique5859 Oh boy. Where do I begin on this piece of slime? This is one of the few real high-budget films on my list that I've actually seen fit to give a 1 rating and that's not for the production values which are pretty high. This movie has absolutely no respect for the account in the bible and treats the whole story as laughable fantasy. I could not recommend it to anyone except to see how low as a society we have become...<br /><br />For the first thing Noah was absolutely not friends with Lot. Anyone who actually read Genesis could tell you that Abram was who they were thinking of. The writers were just trying to pad out the story with the whole Sodom/Gommorah subplot and it seems out of place because it is. Noah is treated as a prudish goofball ("You were kissing! You were kissing!") but at least it's a step up from Voight's hilarious overacting in Anaconda. <br /><br />However these offenses pale in comparison to the heretical treatment of God in this movie. God is portrayed as a petty incomprehesible being who changes his mind at the slightest whim. ("I'm one eternal perfect but I can be wrong") What? Where are they getting this from? This kind of God...no one should ever pay any attention to much less worship praise or love. What the director's saying in this I do not claim to know. I just know that a responsible treatment of Noah's Ark should not take such an easy way out. Shame on these people.
critique5860 This film was reeeeeeallyyyy bad! Was it meant to be a comedy as I couldn't help laughing the whole way through it? what a waste of two hours! Donald Sutherland was wooden not that he was alone everyone else was just as bad...and how miscast was linda hamilton???
critique5861 I cannot stand this show! Has there ever been even one redeeming quality one funny punchline or one plot line that "didn't" make the average viewer want to drown himself in a bowl of soggy cornflakes? <br /><br />The voices. Oh those horrible wretched voices. Akin to repeatedly dragging a set of fine cutlery across a dusty blackboard each character is uniquely annoying in his or her aptitude for shrill nasal vocals. Cosmo sounds like a whining mongrel Vicky sounds like a stereotypical shrew and Timmy's dad makes every line sound like a bad impersonation of a game show host (Guy Smiley from "Sesame Street" comes to mind).<br /><br />The animation is awful; even the producers of "Yu-Gi-Oh!" laugh at the overwhelmingly bad artwork on this show. Every character has buck teeth or a square head or a head three sizes too big for his or her body. And what's with having the characters speak every single line wide-eyed and grinning as though posing for a photo op with the president? Then there is the fact that every character on the show is completely moronic. Not since the subtle grace of Amelia Bedelia Homer Simpson and Buddy Lembeck of "Charles in Charge" fame have characters been portrayed as so unrealistically dumb. Usually "unrealistic" is synonymous with "unfunny" and that is most definitely the case here. There hasn't been this much slapstick based on cluelessness since "The Naked Gun 33 1/3"...and at least Leslie Nielson was good at it.<br /><br />Finally the premise of the show (and it's the same every single episode so big time spoiler alert here): Timmy wishes for something with his two "Fairly Oddparents" something goes wrong there's always some contrived reason why he can't immediately reverse course and wish away the damage and then everything turns out just fine in the end. Oh and on a side note Timmy's parents never believe him when he complains about Vicky and they continue to employ her at every opportunity. Maybe it's just me but it seems that a kids' show containing the subtle message that it pretty much does no good whatsoever to tell on an abusive babysitter probably isn't a great idea. <br /><br />If you're writing a paper and want to cite an example of just how far the quality of cartoons has fallen "The Fairly Odd Parents" has to be a great place to start. A prime example of television producers throwing together a worthless product aimed at kids with little or no effort simply because they know that someone somewhere will watch it.
critique5862 Don't get fooled by the 'awards' and the comment below. This is just 1 poor movie. The way George Katt played his character (the soft gangster) makes it very annoying to watch. The conversation in the opening scene is a dramatic display of this. De in the rest of the film the character's head seems to be somewhere else. His emotions don't match with the things that happen in the film.The things he says as a voice-over doesn't add anything to the film. It just makes Zeus an even more spineless character with is head in the clouds.<br /><br />The story and the film was put together with a total lack of fantasy. All parts of the film were poorly stolen from other modern directors. Let's hope Jon Rosten will use his own style and ideas for his future films.
critique5863 and parading around a 14-year-old girl in a thong swimsuit is one of them. To fans of this movie I'd like to ask: would you allow your daughter to walk around a resort dressed like that? And would your 14-year-old be able to handle the reaction she'd get from men? If yes I'd like to know why on both counts. A suit like that is a clear invitation to men; it's hypocritical to suggest that's not. <br /><br />And on another point what teenage girl would ever claim her father was her lover without the excuse of severe mental problems? That's almost as disgusting as the swimsuit. <br /><br />Simply put some things are just not funny or appropriate and they never will be.
critique5864 This film was made and cast from my home town. I remember the fuss about it and the whole hullabaloo about the fact Molly Ringwald was in town...<br /><br />Storyline...<br /><br />Essentially 20 years after a film was "laid to rest" without being finished a group of film students set out to complete it - with dire consequences. It would seem someone does not want the film completed.<br /><br />The storyline is flimsy. One has to remember that this is a comedy and therefore has to be taken a little tounge in cheek but it had no real oomph. The characters are mostly transperant and the little info that you recieve about them you just don't care about it seems irrelevant. It is weird hearing Kylie's accent as Australian again and nice to see a kid I went to school with in a starring role. But that doesn't redeem the film at all. Goodness knows why the makers thought they would get in Molly Ringwald. Perhaps due to the nature of the film (it sort of pays homage to 80s films / bad horror films)but really an Aussie actor would have done just fine.<br /><br />As far as casting is concerned a lot of the acting seemed constipated. Some of these kids (especially the two main chics - they played "director" and "producer") looked like they were trying to act. That is never a good look. Also the shots had a rough feel about them. Over lit perhaps? Just not as smooth as one is used to.<br /><br />The killer. Lord. Could it be less frightening? There are some shock factors though and a couple of gross scenes. I did like the film but it was not great. It went for 90 minutes but could have gone for less. Perhaps if they had tightened the script it would have been better. They had a lot of characters get killed - but no real build up to them getting slayed. Maybe if they had killed less people and actually concentrated on a scary atmosphere it would have been better.<br /><br />Now I know it is a comedy and elements were funny. Or so unbelieveable they were funny. But I am not convinced.<br /><br />LM.
critique5865 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5866 I find it rather useless to comment on this "movie" for the simplest reason that it has nothing to comment upon.It's similar to a rotten egg which has nothing good to show to the world excerpt for the fact that it is rotten as other endless number of eggs have been before it. But since a comment is mandatory for such a grandiose insignificance ... <br /><br />Filth is definitely the proper word to describe this movie created in the same manner as any other Romanian "movie" directed by Lucian Pintilie who insists to depict the so called "Romanian reality" following the Communist era (1990 to present days).<br /><br />Under no circumstances recommended for people outside Romania as for the others (who lately find amateurish camera lack of plot lack of directorial / actors's quality etc noise etc. as being trendy and even art-like) : watch & enjoy this "movie" (as I know you will) but do the other well intentioned IMDb members a favor don't write an online review for it will misguide irritate and in the end waste their time.<br /><br />On the other hand this movie (among others) has some value whatsoever an educational one for it sets the example for : "How NOT to make a movie."
critique5867 I think that would have been a more appropriate title for this film since it is padded to hell and back with stock footage of various bugs and animals. I recently found The Prey in its original VHS 'big box' form and was very excited. I just LOVE finding old slasher films on VHS because the cover artwork is fantastic. Usually though it turns out that the film itself is less than fantastic. The Prey is one of those films.<br /><br />To be fair it started off OK with the killer stalking the clichÃƒÂ© teenagers in the woods. The heartbeat sounds used are a great effect that make you tense as you watch. This film is basically a big fat clichÃƒÂ© and when the "campfire stories" section rolls in the film takes a new direction and spends almost half of the running time on the back-story of the killer. I actually thought this was quite an original idea. However the back-story ends abruptly and shows us some stock-footage of a burning woodland (the lack of budget really starts to show now). After this we are returned to the dumb teenagers being picked off in the woods. The killer himself isn't shown until the end which is a shame because he actually makes an effective looking killer. Sort of like Cropsy from The Burning but better. As for gore there isn't too much although there's an OK face squishing moment at the end. <br /><br />Overall I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone other than slasher completists - it really is a big mess.
critique5868 The plot is plausible but banal i.e. beautiful and neglected wife of wealthy and powerful man has a fling with a psychotic hunk then tries to cover it up as the psycho stalks and blackmails her. But what develops from there is stupefyingly illogical. Despite the resources that are available to the usual couple who has money and influence our privileged hero and heroine appear to have only one domestic their attorney and local police (who say they can do nothing) at their disposal while they grapple with suspense and terror. They have no private security staff (only a fancy security system that they mishandle) household or grounds staff chauffeurs etc. Not even apparently the funds to hire private round-the-clock nurses to care for the hero when he suffers life-threatening injuries leaving man and wife alone and vulnerable in their mansion. Our heroine is portrayed as having the brains of a doorknob and our hero a tycoon behaves in the most unlikely and irrational manner. The production is an insult to viewers who wasted their time with this drivel and a crime for having wasted the talents of veteran actors Oliva Hussey and Don Murray (what were they thinking?). And shame on Lifetime TV for insulting the intelligence of its audience for this insipid offering.
critique5869 It's literally the Three Stooges all over again without the charm. This show's nothing more than the worst slapstick. I'm surprised they actually have writers. The so-called jokes are completely haphazard and 'controversial' for no other point than trying very (very) hard to be controversial. And people think this is 'edgy'?? Get a clue: this show takes absolutely no thought time effort money or creativity/originality to produce. Any references present are geared toward anyone between the ages of 6 and 16 who would occasionally browse People magazine. But I suppose this is only what all the kiddies want like and need today.
critique5870 Despite the fact that the plot follows the well-known recipe of "who did it" which has characterised all the Perry Mason movies so far the characters of the present film are not so well-developed and the selected cast fails to give them flesh and blood. Of course in general the Perry Mason movies are not significant but even for their low standards this one is weak.
critique5871 This movie is once again one of those movies that someone thinks or tries to make others think that they understood it. Anyone who tries to make any sense of this is a MORON! My advise would be to take TWO not one but TWO hits of very strong acid and at least you'll get a visual thrill out of it!! Although at the end you may kill yourself for wasting your acid!!!! Being that this comment requires 10 lines of info let me write something for those of you that will try to defend the movie. Unintelligble. Garbage. Schitzoid. Waste of talent. Movie is ice with paper on destination with ringing clouds on a sunny dive in the pudding.... Sounds like lion in a red light with seeing hair. Now explain that to me!!!!
critique5872 I am a big fan of the Spaghetti Western Genre and I usually also like most of the cheaply made ones. Infamous Director Demofilo Fidani however is rightly known for some of the cheapest trashiest and well worst contributions to the genre. The plots of Fidani's movies were usually very weak and since his talent was quite limited he usually tried to sell the movies by adding famous Spaghetti Western names like "Django" of "Sartana" to the titles. I the particular case of "GiÃƒÂ¹ La Testa... Hombre" of 1971 he just took the title of Sergio Leone's "GiÃƒÂ¹ La Testa" (aka. "Duck You Sucker") and added 'Hombre'. The movie can be found under various titles ("Fistful Of Death" "Western Story"...) I personally bought it under the name "Adios Companeros" which this movie shares with another Fidani film with almost the same cast "Per Una Bara Piena Di Dollari" which is also entitled "Adios Companeros" in the German language version.<br /><br />The plot is rather weak it basically follows a guy named Macho Callaghan (Jeff Cameron) and his involvement with two rivaling outlaw gangs lead by Butch Cassidy (Jack Betts) and Ironhead (Gordon Mitchell).<br /><br />The leading performance by Jeff Cameron is kindly stated not very convincing. Neither did I find Jack Betts very good as 'Butch Cassidy'. B-movie legend Gordon Mitchell however is always worth a try and although he probably wasn't a very good actor I always found his performances in the Spaghetti Westerns quite funny and original and he actually saved some of Fidani's movies (such as the rather crappy "Django And Sartana... Showdown in the West").<br /><br />There is one very funny and original thing about "GiÃƒÂ¹ La Testa... Hombre" - the great Klaus Kinski is playing a priest! I could have imagined Kinski in any role but before seeing this movie I would never have guessed that anybody would cast him as a priest. Kinski is once again great although he has only little screen time and one scene where he breaks up a fight is probably the only good scene in this. One more interesting thing about this film is that the legendary director and king of sleaze Joe D'Amato did the cinematography.<br /><br />"GiÃƒÂ¹ La Testa... Hombre" is a cheap crappy film but nevertheless it has some funny moments. Being a Spaghetti Western enthusiast I found it fun to watch but if you're not never mind this movie or watch it only for the purpose of seeing Kinski play a priest. 3/10
critique5873 The story line of a man's love for an innocent baby he finds with a malformed face and on the opposite side of the world a shallow self centered "valley girl" who shares a birth date with her and ends up making a big difference in both of there lives. What a great and worthy story line. But in this telling the screen writing and/or directing and/or editing is so poor as to take most of the joy out of the story. Linda Hamilton's character goes from understanding mom to wicked witch and back faster than a speeding bullet and for what purpose? Conflict conflict conflict at the drop of a hat. Katie (The California Girl) and her boyfriend Katie's Mom and everybody including the poor lady at the airport check-in counter Lin's adopted father who is the nicest most considerate man alive and his wife and biological son all in constant conflict. I really wanted to enjoy a heartwarming story but the only thing that made me SMILE was when all the hate and fighting were over. There were too many unexplained or illogical events many of which don't add to the story. My wife and I kept looking at each other and asking ourselves how such a good cast and what should be a great story could be crapped up so badly.
critique5874 This Movie Is Not A Horror Movie. There Is Nothing Scary About It It's More Of A Torture Flick. And It Doesn't Make Sense To Me There Is A Few Scene's With Disappearing Bodies. For Instance he Woman In The Beginning Of The Movie. That Get Pulled Away Returns For A Scene In The Restroom With Nicole And She And She Completely Disappears. Then She Kills The Police Officer To Put Him Out Of His Misery And He Disappears PLUS Had To Shoot Him In The Head Twice To Kill Him I Don't Think So Especially When You Can See His Head Half Blown Off And Didn't Kill Him? The At The End She Sets The Killer's Truck On Fire. That But He's Not In It. He Is Standing Behind Her. Then It Cuts To The Rest Stop Has Been Completely Remodeled And Some People Are At The Rest Area And A New Girl Comes In And Nicole In Asking For Help Like The First Girl Totally No Sense In This Movie. Save Yourself Some Money And Skip This Movie.
critique5875 So as far as I gather this episode is trying to make a statement about how real-life villains are very bad people and this is just as scary as the paranormal. The "paranormal" imagery associated with the villain Donnie is purely symbolic. He's actually just a normal human being.<br /><br />The problem is that I just don't buy it. Donnie is simply not scarier than the paranormal. He's not even that scary at all. As a guy who seems confused and weird rather than malicious likes dead girls and hair and has only newly become a murderer he's significantly less disturbing than most well-known real-life serial killers (eg: he's like a VERY watered-down version of Ed Gein). Which is why Scully's horror at seeing nothing but bodies with hair and nails cut off (something not too different from a normal personal hygiene routine) before anybody has even been killed or hurt at all is completely out of character. She sees things a hundred times worse in almost every other episode and hardly flinches.<br /><br />So as Comic Book Guy says... "worst episode EVER!"
critique5876 A bunch of medical student yuppies get together in their spare time to hook each other to the electrical cables and die. Then they stand around counting the time before brain death and then start CPR and heart-massage and bring each other back to life. The fact that Julia Roberts was in this movie should say it all. FLATLINERS is like group GHOST. Everyone wants to see their dead relatives and visit their old dead buddies so what better way to do it than have a bunch of Medical Students kill you for five minutes and then bring you back to life. The rest of the movie has the predictable relationship issues plus the predictable "GEE MAYBE IF WE KEEP KILLING EACH OTHER ONE OF THESE DAYS ONE OF US WILL STAY DEAD?" D'OH!!! This movie should have been called BRAIN DEAD. The fact that the characters were depicted as being Medical Students made me wonder if they had gone to a foreign Correspondence School to get their degrees. The only thing that kept this film from being a total laugh was that they did not just stick their fingers into electrical outlets in order to "die." This film would have been a great THREE STOOGES comedy movie.
critique5877 Based on a Edgar Rice Burroughs novel AT THE EARTH'S CORE provides little more than means to escape and give your brain a rest. A Victorian scientist Dr. Abner Perry(Peter Cushing)invents a giant burrowing machine which he and his American partner(Doug McClure)use to corkscrew their way deep into the earth to explore what mysteries it may hold. They soon discover a lost world of subhuman creatures having conflict with prehistoric monsters.<br /><br />Cushing comes across as an absent minded professor to the point of being annoying. Instead of being a bold adventurer he comes across effeminate. On the other hand McClure overacted enough to make himself also laughable. Caroline Munro plays the pretty Princess Dia that refuses to leave her world near the center of the earth. Also in the cast are: Godfrey James Cy Grant and Michael Crane.
critique5878 (When will I ever learn-?) The ecstatic reviewer on NPR made me think this turkey was another Citizen Kane. Please allow me to vent my spleen...<br /><br />I will admit: the setting presumably New York City has never been so downright ugly and unappealing. I am reminded that the 70's was a bad decade for men's fashion and automobiles. And all the smoking-! If the plan was to cheapen the characters it succeeded.<br /><br />For a film to work (at least in my simple estimation) there has to be at least ONE sympathetic character. Only Ned Beaty came close and I could not wait for him to finish off Nicky. If a stray shot had struck Mikey well it may have elicited a shrug of indifference at the most.<br /><br />I can't remember when I detested a film as strongly. I suppose I'm a rube who doesn't dig "art" flicks. Oh well.
critique5879 Some of my old friends suggested me to watch this movie but I got chance only recently. I had high hopes of seeing something interesting from Kamal Hans what I saw was bunch of garbage camera angles mixed at high speed. I could not understand what was the message except demeaning Hinduism. I am more like many religion type but I felt Kamal Hasan is a man low character to have orchestrated this kind of thought. He could have made a horror movie than this crap. He tried to add Hollywood genre of viruses and god forbid he did not convert that guy into a mutant and ultimately going to go for world domination. This is a much befitting movie for a film school vs regular public. Shame on him for not holding up to the talent he has. Starting of story tried Chaos to borrow ideas from Butterfly effect then in between little religious harmony at the cost of insulting Hinduism (Once again I insult Hinduism more but this movie has no equal and my insult is same for religion in general which may have made this movie intellectual one.)
critique5880 As a South African it's an insult to think that someone was actually paid to produce this nonsense!<br /><br />Despite the fact that the director was one of the writers for the original Shaka Zulu mini this "addition" to the series is appalling! The original series was based on historical facts about a man who was a great strategist leader and warrior. A man who played a large role in shaping the history of local tribes in South Africa.<br /><br />The plot of this film however is nothing but hogwash scraped from the bottom of the barrel by a writer that has failed to impress since the mid-nineties.<br /><br />While Omar Sharif and Henry Cele are good actors what is David Hasselhoff doing here rescuing drowning slaves with his red buoy and bleached smile?<br /><br />I kept expecting blond busty women to appear out of nowhere and run across the screen in their tiny red bathing suits for no apparent reason. Not that this would've been any more bizarre than the fantastical plot line that was probably dreamed up after 10 pints of beer at a fancy dress party where someone's caveman costume inspired the writer to return to an African theme for his next "blockbuster".
critique5881 Horrible writing directing and acting! The writer/director has portrayed Southerners especially Southern law enforcement as ignorant backwoods homophobic and racist (a very popular yet ignorant stereotype that the film industry loves to perpetuate). The acting (or overacting) and the writing came across as amateurish and low budget. The plot line is the same old stale Hollywood story of the mean 'ol racist and homophobic rednecks who are ultimately defeated by the enlightened people from "Newwww Yoke Ceety".<br /><br />I was raised in the small Louisiana town where this movie was filmed and looked forward to seeing the film but was immediately disappointed during the first few minutes of the movie. The start of the film depicts a gay bar located in the "swamps" of Louisiana. How ridiculous a concept! There are a lot of gays and gay bars in south Louisiana but no gay bars in the "swamps" or small towns of Louisiana. We then are introduced to the sheriff who uses the phrases "homuh-sex'l" in the worst southern drawl and overdone performance ever. Then there is the scene where the local police are watching porno on duty in the police station. I could go on and on about the horrible cheesy acting or the stale stereotypes or ridiculous scenes.<br /><br />This director and his crew were welcomed into this small friendly town and shown true southern hospitality. The townspeople of Lake Arthur and the state of Louisiana were only to be insulted and degraded in the final editing. The good people of Lake Arthur were excited and enamored with "Hollywood" being in town not knowing that in the end they would be portrayed as ignorant racist and homophobic country bumpkins in a low budget amateur movie that went straight to DVD. My advice: skip this one or watch it on late night Cinemax if it ever makes their rotation.
critique5882 Hi today i looked this film because of the medium (56) IMDb rating. I thought it would worth viewing. Also the comments here were quiet good but after start watching this movie i quick realize that this movie isn't anyway near a 56 ! Its just boring. You can describe the movie with some words also its just the standard horror movie story with all the standard horror movie scenes. I don't know why people still like those films or why they vote such films better then a 1-3 in IMDb. Just some examples <br /><br />Bunch of people arriving from somewhere or going / driving to anywhere. They meet somehow on their journey strange people but hey maybe they are just nice so hang out with them. Then a very important scene for every horror movie "Oh my cell phone isn't working oh oh mine too .. is that strange but we don't need them so enjoy our ride ..." uhhhhhh our strange person is a strange psychopath better we all sit back and scream a while till he starts cutting parts from us or killing some of us. After a while the bunch of victims get a weapon or chance to escape ofcorse they never think about running away or even kill the psychopath if they got the chance they just talk about what to do until the psychopath got his weapon back with any of the handful of standard tricks they got in those films and all running back as usual ... screaming ... some more to kill ... oh and in the end it gets really exiting sometimes the bad guy wins sometimes some of the victim can escape wow great movies. ... OK if i never ever saw a movie of that kind i would say it is a movie which can be watched but if anyone ever saw any movie of its kind it should be just a boring waste of time because nearly everything in the movie you know before you even watched it because it every time runs like the standard horror movie shematic. .... mmm maybe there is a windows program out there? Horrormoviemaker 2.0 ? You can just pull some adjustment buttons and get the new Shuttle Saw45674 Jeepers Creepers kind of movie.
critique5883 Like last year I didn't manage to sit through the whole thing. Okay so Chris Rock as a host was a good choice because he was vaguely engaging. Or rather out of all the total bores packed into the theatre he at least wasn't in the Top 10 Most Boring. A lot of the presenters on the other hand were in this coveted Top 10. I hadn't known that the whole thing had been done by autocue (although I knew it was scripted) but it was really terrible to see these supposedly good actors unable to insert expression look away from the cue and stumble over simple words (Natalie PortmanÃ‚Â…if there's no director she's gone). The Night of Fancy Dresses and Boring Speeches was long and tedious Beyonce Knowles butchered some good songs and there were very few decent acceptance speeches and clips. Adam Sandler wins the Worst Presenter award.<br /><br />For helping me write this review I'd like to thank my Mum my Dad my lawyers and my pedicurist for all believing in me and I'd like to point out that I have a high metabolism and of course I haven't been starving myself for a month. I'm not going to cry...thank you.
critique5884 After an astronaut dies in space he is brought back to a military base. Inside the man are discovered alien embryos -- he is the host for what could be a terrible alien invasion! This film comes to us from director Bernard L. Kowalski who also directed "Attack of the Giant Leeches" (see separate review) but may be better known for his work on "Columbo". Executive producer was Roger Corman known as the creator of much better films than this one... particularly in the 1960s.<br /><br />This movie is cheesy and poorly constructed. What comes across as interesting is the poor effects not the actual film itself. One scene shows a close-up of the alien embryos and it's an embarrassing cartoon representation. Even for 1958. And then when a full-grown alien appears... you'll wonder why he is wearing shoes. Or if you're really perceptive you'll wonder why you've seen the alien suit in other movies.<br /><br />By no means is this the worst science fiction film you'll ever see. And you almost have to give it some credit -- the alien host overtaking a military base idea predates both "The Thing" and "Alien" by a number of years. I don't know if these films were inspired in any way (I doubt it) but at least it was ahead of its time. Beyond that though the film flops and is only great for heckling when drinking. I haven't seen the "Mystery Science Theater" version but this sure is one film worthy of their insults.
critique5885 By the time this film was released I had seen Chorus Line on stage 4 times and had been anticipating most eagerly the long-rumored production of a film of the story. My wife and I were in line hours before the box office opened on the day the film was released. It was not just a disappointment it was a kick in the abdomen. <br /><br />First the story was "moved outside" so to speak by including scenes not in the confines of the theater. Those confines are a large portion of the meaning and impact of the story. <br /><br />Second & Third together (assign your own order): one of the original songs with very dynamic dance number was removed; a song which was NOT in the stage production was added. Say what ?? I'm confused! <br /><br />The only reason I gave this film 2 stars instead of 1 is my admiration for the talent and hard work of the performers. I've now seen Chorus Line on stage 6 times and wouldn't mind seeing it 6 more times before I die. It is superbly written with wonderful music and heart- wrenchingly true stories. If you want to see a musical which includes a great "cattle call" audition I recommend All That Jazz. If you want to see the story of A Chorus Line see it on stage.
critique5886 this show is one of the worst shows of ALL TIME! absolutely no original jokes and they're always a year late. like in 2009 they will finally say something about Michael Vick's dogfights. all of the cast members are people who wanted to be on S.N.L but had to go to the lowest of the low mad TV.its an hour of mad magazine jokes witch aren't funny to begin with told by terrible John Stewart wanna bees. so if you have any problem tell me id love to hear the opinion of the 3 people who watch this show. family guy put it well "Osama bin Ladin was hiding in the one place no one would look the cast of mad TV. There is a reason why no one watches the show.
critique5887 What the F*@# was this I just watched? Steven STOP!! Please! This movie is insatiably bad and silly. In a bizarre departure from action and adventure Mr. Seagal is now fighting (obviously) wish-they-were-vampire 'like' creatures with super human strength.? OK? Oh and their eyes blink sideways in an inhuman way? Wow! Even still in this movie however to quell Seagals have-to-have-the-last-punch-and-no-one-can-kick-my-a$$ ego HE is somehow stronger than they are. However all of the average humans are getting crushed all around him. Come on I can understand the big mouth neighborhood bully or drug dealer but these are super human strength people. Oh and get this Seagal goes through a brief sting of identity issues because apparently he and his cohorts in the film think he is Wolverine! Oh My GO... And worst than all of that! Yes there is a worse than that. He has a voice over even changing voice in mid sentence while we are looking at his face. They obviously sound nothing like him and I believe it may be one of the other actors in the film. It was pure madness. Although I wanted to turn it off I always watch a movie to he end. This is an all time low even for your direct to video movies Steven. Awful! Awful! Awful! Two thumbs down! Redemeption qualities? Well I guess so I will be fair in that aspect. At least some of the special effects were OK and I like the choice of wardrobe for the actors and actresses. The women all were quite attractive IMO. Still and I said STILL it does not make up for the blatant X-Men Underworld (insert your favorite zombie vampire movie here) rip off! The director writer producer ALL should be bansihed & exile from the movie business. I think I feel the way that most people feel about Blood Rayne (and just about all other Uwe Boll pictures) about this film. That's my whole $1.00 on this film. View if you dare.
critique5888 This German horror film has to be one of the weirdest I have seen.<br /><br />I was not aware of any connection between child abuse and vampirism but this is supposed based upon a true character.<br /><br />Our hero is deaf and mute as a result of repeated beatings at the hands of his father. he also has a doll fetish but I cannot figure out where that came from. His co-workers find out and tease him terribly.<br /><br />During the day a mild-manner accountant and at night he breaks into cemeteries and funeral homes and drinks the blood of dead girls. They are all attractive of course else we wouldn't care about the fact that he usually tears their clothing down to the waist. He graduates eventually to actually killing and that is what gets him caught.<br /><br />Like I said a very strange movie that is dark and very slow as Werner Pochath never talks and just spends his time drinking blood.
critique5889 with this ABC family attempt of the hit blockbuster "cheaper by the dozen" comes an obnoxious amount of corny dialogue shallow plot lines and cheesy comebacks. With about two good actors among many wanna-be's this movie was a major disappointment. Its a Hollywood-wannabe ditto of an already bad plot. Then because they needed a lot of actors that meant that they'd probably be more lenient. So the acting wasn't five-star. The plot moved fairly fast and the twists were bad and had horrible timing. The junction of characters and the "end relationships" were also too mushy and clichÃƒÂ©d for me. Spare yourself and rent something better.
critique5890 We saw this in a bargain basket at the local Asda: Ã‚Â£1.50 for the DVD. reading all the hype plastered all over the cover saying how "hillarious" it is and it also had a really good established cast we thought this must a great film.<br /><br />So we bought took it home shoved it in the DVD player sat back and waited for the funnies to begin.......and waited.......and waited.....and waited a bit more.<br /><br />Some 90 minutes later although it felt more like 3 hours the credits rolled and that was the end of that.<br /><br />What a letdown - even paying Ã‚Â£1.50 seemed a con. God knows what Caine Richardson and Gambon were thinking when they said 'yes' to this tosh. And as for Moran: well much as I enjoyed Black Books Shaun of the dead and his comedy tours I felt he was out of his depth in this film. He tried too hard playing for laughs probably thinking that if retaining the characteristics from his Black Books character would work here.<br /><br />Sadly it back-fired. The gags fell flat after awhile and then he became just an irritation. Which is a shame because I believe given the right part he could be a very good film/character actor.<br /><br />Anyway to sum up: the actors in The Actors failed to Act!!! <br /><br />**/*****
critique5891 My wife rented this movie and then conveniently never got to see it. If I ever want to torture her I will make her watch this movie. I've watched many movies with my 4 year old and I can take almost anything. Barney is refreshing after a shot of Quigley. <br /><br />The plot dialog cinematography & acting were one step above (or equal to) a cheap porn film. I feel cheated out of $3.69 that we paid to rent it and then 90 minutes of my life I will never get back. I will say my 4 year old liked it luckily it was a rental we had to return right away.<br /><br />I just hope that the younger actor's careers are not ruined from being in this movie.
critique5892 I watched this film because I'm a big fan of River Phoenix and Joaquin Phoenix. I thought I would give their sister a try Rain Phoenix. I regret checking it out. She was embarrasing and the film just has this weird plot if thats what you want to call it. Sissy was just weird and Jellybean just sits on a toilet who both sleep with this old man in the mountains whats going on? I have never been so unsatisfied in my life. It was just total rubbish. I can't believe that the actors agreed to do such a waste of film money time and space. Have Sissy being 'beautiful' didnt get to me. I thought she was everything but that. Those thumbs were just stupid and why do we care if she can hitchhike? WHATS THE POINT??? 0 out of 10 shame the poll doesnt have a 0 doesnt even deserve a 1. Hopefully Rain is better in other films I forgive her for this one performance I mean I wouldnt do much better with that film.
critique5893 i got a copy from the writer of this movie on soulseek. I have to say it is pathetic and just plain painful to watch the two cops act but i watched the movie as a joke and since it is a homage to august's underground which i happened to have seen it is in my book as an awesome movie. Its quality and everything about it is pretty bad but its entertaining and something to talk about amongst your friends. Reminds me of troma but good stuff. I recommend seeing this under two conditions if you are bored and need a good laugh or high otherwise just let it be. Recommended download for sure. o and the killings are pretty funny. like when the zombie rips the Satan worshipers dick off and stabs someone in the head with it.
critique5894 Something strange is happening in remote areas of the Arctic. An Air Force weather station is found wrecked its occupants missing. An Eskimo village is destroyed. A fishing vessel disappears. Curious spoors are found in the snow. A four-foot piece of a living organism is found near a destroyed airplane. The piece looks like half of the claw of a giant Alaskan crab. The military (Craig Stevens as an Air Force officer) and its experts are baffled. A distinguished scientist (William Hopper) and his pretty assistant (Alix Taltan) are called in from New York. Hopper deduces from this flimsy evidence that they are dealing with a monstrous praying mantis. He's right. The pretty assistant happens to look out the window of the office and sees the hideous face with its bulging eyeballs staring in at her. She drops what she's carrying claps her hands to her cheeks and screams in horror.<br /><br />The mantis begins flying South along the Gulf Stream pausing now and again to attack major population centers like Washington and New York to overturn buses and eat people. Military weapons don't affect it much but finally Stevens crashes into it in his jet fighter and mortally damages the beast which comes to earth and occupies the "Manhattan Tunnel" linking New York and New Jersey.<br /><br />Stevens having survived the collision leads his team into the tunnel and kills the big bug with "3RG mines" despite its fierce appearance threatening behavior and earth-shattering roars. Stevens and Taltan kiss in front of the body while Hopper chuckles and takes their picture.<br /><br />Ho hum.<br /><br />Like the deadly mantis itself the formula by this time was panting and gasping for air flopping around seeking as its prey not human beings but anything at all in the way of a fresh or original idea. As it is they overlooked one clichÃƒÂ©. Hopper should have hurriedly had to invent a Super Duper DDT that alone could defeat the insect. That's what the 3RG mines should have been filled with rather than ordinary explosive.<br /><br />The model work is pretty good considering what the budget must have been. Not much money could have been spent on anything else because everything else is pretty routine. Craig Stevens is bland a face and style made for a TV series. William Hopper looks right -- tall and silver haired -- but his instrument has only one note. The pretty assistant is rather plain considering her role. The part calls for Joan Weldon or Laurie Nelson. They couldn't act either but carried with them slight but distinct intimations of molestibility. Anything would have helped this fagged-out movie.<br /><br />I wish the deadly mantis hadn't roared so loudly and so often because you can't roar -- you can't even whisper -- if you don't have lungs. I didn't mind though when the monster met its demise in the tunnel. A praying mantis is a graceful insect in its own spindly way and it's great to have them in the garden because they eat caterpillars and whatnot. But when you get right down to it they aren't really very appealing. The male mantis is smaller and weaker than the female as in humans and when the couple are just about through copulating the female bites the head off the male also as in humans. But at least human males know when to stop. The male mantis keeps on copulating for several minutes even though he is now without a head. We humans don't have mindless males copulating with goal-driven females. Do we?
critique5895 to be honest i didn't watch all of the original 'howling' but those scenes i saw made it obvious that the first howling was a great movie. so great that seven horrible sequels had to be made. they started off with "Howling II: Your Sister Is A Werewolf". i got this movie on VHS from my uncle sometime ago when he was giving away a bunch of old movies he bought back when Atari was brand new. i just watched it last night and it wasn't really BAD it was just weird. i mean the whole thing with Sybil Danning going three-way with two of her werewolf minions was just out of place and quite disturbing (but kinda hot) Christopher lee about to stab a dead karen as if she's a vampire etc. actually this movie was actually like some sort of mish-mash of Dracula and The Lost Boys...except with werewolves because everything Christopher Lee (whom played Dracula himself) was saying about werewolves pretty much ripped off from every other vampire movie (stake in the heart garlic the creature of the night must die AT NIGHT and the ruler of werewolves lives in TRANSYLVANIA). not much for the acting but the worst of it came from Annie McEnroe. i swear at some point in the film i found myself rooting for the werewolves to rip her throat out because that damn throat always had to say SOMETHING. Anyway the plot is pretty silly and clichÃƒÂ©d so there's no real point in telling you you could just read about it on Wikipedia. By the way the thing that really makes me nauseous about this movie is the fact that it's the ONLY film out of all the seven sequels thats related in any way to the original (not counting Howling IV (1988) which was a remake of the original or in other words a sequel based on the same novel). so don't see this movie. there's no real horror hardly any werewolves and just horrible special fx. 3/10
critique5896 I was a huge "SNL" fan back in the days of Chevy Chase John Belushi Dan Ackroyd Gilda Radner and many other memorable stars. But every time I've tried to watch it in the past more than ten years I've been very disappointed and sometimes even disgusted with it. Ten years ago I believed the show couldn't possibly survive since it had become so utterly bereft of the sort of humor I could understand and yet it kept plugging along which I've always found dismaying wondering how in the world anyone could possibly find its lame humor at all funny. Whenever I've tuned in over the past decade I've never once been glad that I did. Indeed I've always been annoyed at myself for staying up and wasting my time. For me the absolute low point came several years ago when a popular young male actor I liked a lot was the guest host. At one point that night he played a big star perhaps himself and in the skit the character "Mongo" I think played by Chris Kattan again I think ended up in the backseat of a car with him. What followed was Mongo being forced up and down and up and down on the actor's lap with him screaming hysterically as he was presumably sodomized. The audience was laughing their heads off and I'm shaking my head amazed that they could find that remotely funny amazed that NBC would even broadcast such a thing. In the years since then I've repeatedly tried to approach the show with an open mind hoping that it might regain the sly sense of humor I adored for so many years. But up until just a week ago for me it hasn't done so. Not even close. One exception: During the 2008 presidential campaign I thought that Tina Fey was fantastic and she was the one performer who kept me tuning in. But those Sarah Palin skits while hysterical were still not enough to save the rest of the 90 minutes and I would always regret not turning it off as soon as I heard the familiar "It's 'Saturday Night!!!'"
critique5897 It is like what the title of this thread say. Only impression I got from that movie is that Marlee Matlin's character was always angry so cynical and so pathetic. Her character's first date with William Hurt's character where they were dancing were dumb. All in all I've tried to finish watching the movie four times and of all four times I fell asleep. I would keep watching that movie with one intention... to beat my problem with insomnia because all it do is to put me to sleep. Sweet dream.
critique5898 This film is on my list of worst movies ever made. The story is disconnected and it is difficult to understand what is going on or the reason for the characters' actions. All films need to have an inner logic and this film just doesn't have it - the story doesn't make any sense. <br /><br />To see Faye Dunaway Christopher Plummer and Diana Quick wasting their talents in this movie is a crime. Faye Dunaway is the lucky one because she plays the victim and gets killed early in the film. On the other hand Donald Sutherland must be an amazing actor because he manages to look good in spite of bad directing and bad writing; his performance is believable and he manages to stay in character in spite of everything. <br /><br />If Dame Agatha Christie were alive she would die laughing! The movie is that bad!
critique5899 As usual another masterpiece in the Vice Academy series(HaHaHa). I don't know why they even bothered to make this trash. Just another series of cops acting slutty. A defining part was when Ginger Lynn Allen's character(Holly Wells) and Elizabeth Kaitan's character(Candy) tried to seduce the scientist by wearing nothing but their bra and underwear under their labcoats. Just a wonderful scene(Ha). A character that I didn't like was the Commissioner. He was very annoying and ignorant. They should have arrested him. Mrs. Devonshire was pretty annoying as well. They should have stopped this series after this movie.
critique5900 If you want to watch a good film about how women can fight back against sexual assault then this film is not the film that you want to watch. It was a social commentary about a woman who was victimized and fights back. Spoiler: Rosario Dawson turns the tables on her assailant. Instead of using the criminal justice system the victim resorts to using vigilantism. She in essence nullifies the judicial system. The film "The Accused" was a much better film because the victim uses the judicial system and wins. What the "Descent" does is telling victims of assault that they should resort to violence? Is victim any better that the accuser? No!!!
critique5901 No surprise except in how quickly ABC reacted to the dismal ratings. According to published reports (Variety) the show garnered the worst ratings in the history of the ABC television network.<br /><br />And I quote: ABC's music talent competition "The One" opened Tuesday night to cancel-me-now ratings.<br /><br />The article went on to say that the show received a "shockingly low 1.1 rating/3 share in adult 18-49 and 3.08 million viewers overall."<br /><br />That makes it the weakest premiere for any reality show on any network and also below all series bows in ABC history.<br /><br />From the first moment I saw the commercials for this I knew it would fail. We don't need another American Idol clone. But ABC should have given this show a fair chance to succeed.
critique5902 If this is all the Watchowski's have to offer in terms of a back story to the Matrix than I really have to question the claims of all of the fans who believe that the movies are intended to register on a deeper level. The second renaissance while visually stunning & beautiful is story-wise cliched & ludicrous. How many times have we heard the story of humans relying too much on technology humans all-too eager to make war humans basically destroying themselves? There is nothing new here. And I have another question. Considering the plot of the second renaissance doesn't that make the machines the good guys?! The machines are oppressed for generations by their cruel human overmasters. They fight back win their freedom and seek to establish a peaceful harmonious coexistence with the humans who reject them in favor of all-out war which the cleverer machines naturally win. If this is the back-story then we shouldn't be rooting for Neo we should be rooting for the machines! The humans were cruel and oppressive while the machines were courageous and attepted to be compassionate. Since I do not believe that the Watchowski's intend for us to favor the machines over the humans I have to believe that the Second Renaissance was simply a misguided attempt @ creating a back-story.
critique5903 So one day I was in the video store looking for a movie. I came across this and rented it because it was a film I hadn't seen or even heard of.<br /><br />Now I like slasher movies in general but this is just abysmal not even good for laughs. Besides being ultra ultra cheap and containing all slasher film cliches and terrible acting it has the most incompetent and inept direction I have ever come across. Now sometimes the aforementioned traits can be present in a film and some enjoyment can still be had but not here. Painful example of home-made horror.
critique5904 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5905 I was looking forward to this movie. Trustworthy actors interesting plot. Great atmosphere then ????? IF you are going to attempt something that is meant to encapsulate the meaning of life. First. Know it. OK I did not expect the directors or writers to actually know the meaning but I thought they may have offered crumbs to peck at and treats to add fuel to the fire-Which! they almost did. Things I didn't get. A woman wandering around in dark places and lonely car parks alone-oblivious to the consequences. Great riddles that fell by the wayside. The promise of the knowledge therein contained by the original so-called criminal. I had no problem with the budget and enjoyed the suspense. I understood and can wax lyrical about the fool and found Adrian Pauls role crucial and penetrating and then ????? Basically the story line and the script where good up to a point and that point was the last 10 minutes or so. What? Run out of ideas! Such a pity that this movie had to let us down so badly. It may not comprehend the meaning and I really did not expect the writers to understand it but I was hoping for an intellectual if not spiritual ride and got a bump in the road
critique5906 I began watching this movie with low expectations as a matter of fact i only noticed it because it was an adaptation of a S.K. novel ( a novel i never read).<br /><br />I'm glad my expectations were low because the movie wasn't nothing close to good but it manages to keep you interested. What really drags this story down is the work done by the director and the actors. The movie is overlong hasn't no "nice" shots and no scares the dialogs are dumb and the special effects are crap.<br /><br />The only things good are that as i said it keeps you interested ( i guess the book must be good) without using much horror cliches.<br /><br />My Vote 4/10.
critique5907 Inuyasha  was awful . This show was incredibly over -hyped but this is nothing but a tedious bunch of anime clichÃƒÂ©s. The characters are annoying and lifeless the story line is boring and endless .I think that it could have be something interesting if it have a better writing but it seems that the writers of the show have more intentions in show Inuyasha and his stupid friends fighting with some monsters and then crying for his tragic love triangle with Kikyou and Kagome and a lot of circles around the same thing again and again . The script is cheesy and dumb and the animation is poor .The character design it 's very ugly I don't know why everyone love it all have the same face ! : Big eyes  tiny noses  a line as the mouth and the typical anime haircuts . I find "Inuyasha " incredibly boring and dumb . This have to be one of the most over -rated animated shows ever made .
critique5908 Wow-this one sucks. I'm gonna sum it up as quickly as possible.Ã‚Â <br /><br />A count invites 4 naive sluts back to his castle. A bunch of nothing happens for a long time. Some lame and un-erotic soft-core sex scenes happen. Some girls get their heads cut off (off-screen)-The End.<br /><br />The only things going for this one are the decent looking sets and costumes some bad dubbing which leads to some unintentionally funny dialogue and a few brief nudie shots. And believe me-those things are not enough to redeem the 90-minutes of tedium that this film is. In fact-the best part is the tacked on beginning from the distributor that features some slutty goth chicks covered in blood and showing their tits-and again-this is definitely not worth the price of admission for this garbage. As everyone else has noted- the title of the film is completely nonsensical-as there's absolutely no bloodsucking nor dancing of any sort in the film at all. It may as well have been called 'The Goat-Raper Leads the Circle-Jerk'-and at least then it would have had a better title that also pertains to nothing in the film. An accurate title would have been '90 Minutes of Torture'-another alluring title that would have at least been truthful...for the viewer. Honestly-the trailer that's on the disc shows all the best parts (and i use the term 'best' extremely loosely...) so I highly suggest watching that instead if you're still curious. Ã‚Â I can't imagine anyone liking this wreck of a film-please take my advice and leave this one on the shelf. 2/10Ã‚Â
critique5909 I saw the *star* of this movie on The Daily Show and thought I might tune in (the movie premiered on Comedy Central Then went into theaters). Oh Vey!<br /><br />This makes "Shakes the Clown" look like "Citizen Kane"! Avoid avoid avoid at all costs. Not one laugh not even a grin. This movie will make your face come out in pimples and your eyes burst like the last remants of "Raiders". I can't even think of a worse movie be it "Manos" or "Ishtar". As the Pythons beckoned run away run away! Why did anyone green light this unless they used their own money? The horror is that there is not ONE good line not ONE good joke and only ONE bad thing...the making of this movie.<br /><br />I feel that if made properly this would have been hilarious. As it is I need a new pancreas for retching so loud. Damn anyone involved in this travesty.
critique5910 My 15 year old daughter asked me to watch this movie with her on Cable TV. As someone who saw Revenge of The Nerds in a movie theater I found this movie to be an extremely predictable remake of it. The Nerds were simply replaced by Dorks. I drove her crazy by being able to predict precisely what would happen in each scene. The cast was cute especially Amanda Bynes.<br /><br />Screenwriter Chad Creasey should be ashamed for writing such an obvious remake of an early 1980's flick. The title should have simply been "Revenge of The Dorks." Perhaps the sequel will be Revenge of the Dorks 2.
critique5911 It's the one film I almost walked out of and would have if my friends hadn't been in the movie theatre with me. Normally even if I don't like a film I think it's still worth sitting through it to the end. That way you can really claim to have given it every chance to redeem itself. But with The Million Dollar Hotel it was so dreadful I just badly wanted the experience to end as quickly as possible. I think I probably would not have been so sourly disappointed if this film had been made by a lesser director one I didn't normally like so much. But coming from Wenders it was all the more shocking to behold. I know Bono from U2 a good friend of Wenders's wrote the script to this abysmal film and I wonder why Wenders let him as buddy-buddy as the two may have been. "Stick to the day job Bono" is a sentence that easily springs to mind whilst viewing this mess. Pretentious disjointed a mish-mash of every possible contemporary film stereotype a naive and transparent attempt at coming across as kooky and daring with the most irritating characters I have ever set eyes upon especially the leads Jeremy Davies Milla Jovovich and Mel Gibson none of whom I dislike normally. The happiest ending I could have wished for would have been for a nuclear bomb to be dropped on their collective heads so as to get it all over with as soon as possible. On a positive note the first five minutes of the film are extremely good with an extremely stirring soundtrack from U2. But the film's opening shots make the rest of the film (which takes a spectacular nose-dive from then on) all the more disappointing as they are a promise of cinematic quality that's just never delivered not even close.
critique5912 Yes I admit I cried during this movie. It was so incredibly disappointing that I couldn't help myself but cry. TBN (Trinity Broadcasting Network) has done it again. First with having the Million Dollar Man (ex-professional wrestler) on their program and now this.<br /><br />The Omega Code follows a stream of sketchy religiously oriented movies. It was quite amusing yet at the same time it was disturbing to find it so biblically inaccurate. The movie follows what is known as "the bible code" rather than following actual biblical scripture. This film is extremely poorly made; from its writing to its directing to its hilariously horrible acting. Its depressing that people actually put effort into this movie. It appeared more like a late night movie someone would watch on the USA channel or a straight to home video rather than a theatrical released movie.<br /><br />I highly recommend you do not watch this movie even if your life depended on it.
critique5913 Michael Caine might have tried to make a larger than life character to a successful degree but the whole storyline and Character's around him where not likable or interesting at all. It was all very Boring and somewhat predictable. Martin Landau  a favorite actor of mine had a nothing role.He was useless. Michael Caine got a bit irritating after a while and the film couldn't decide if it was a comedy or a serious thriller. Caine tries hard and good on him but i felt the direction and storyline let him down. Don't waste your time. It starts off well for the first 10 minutes and then that's about it. A film for Die Hard Caine Fans Only. Stay away from this One...
critique5914 It was 1974 and it starred Martin Sheen.<br /><br />That alone says what to expect of this movie.<br /><br />And it was a movie. According to the movie Slovik had reformed got a good woman and didn't want to fight.<br /><br />In real life Slovik may have been a naive innocent or he may have just wanted to manipulate the system.<br /><br />Whoever Slovik was or wasn't is for history to decide but this was a movie that dealt with dessertion at a time when a country was questioning why it was fighting and the movie took sides.<br /><br />With no regard to servicemen who were in Viet Nam either in 1974 (as Willie Nelson would say let's tell the truth it was about the Viet Nam war not WWII) EoES was as propagandistic as Gung Ho was in the forties.<br /><br />According to this movie Slovik stated his position plain and simple. He had a nervous problem. Heck I have a clinical nervous condition and trust me if I had done military duty it would have been no problem for me to either just let my nerves go and fail at my tasks and get a demotion or put on KP duty or latrine duty with no problem.<br /><br />If we believe the teleflick Slovik didn't have that option no doubt because of his criminal history.<br /><br />Whatever the viewer wants to believe is up to the viewer. I've learned that movies from this decade or that decade in dealing with service or military duty will pretty much take the same stance over and over.<br /><br />1940s and 1950s serve your country.<br /><br />1960s and 1970s mock your country.<br /><br />This is the history.<br /><br />The whole movie seemed predictably Hollywood to me. He refused to serve and only when he was being strapped up to be executed does he show emotion.<br /><br />Such an emotional outburst could have easily worked to his advantage in his declaration of his nervous condition but obviously the movie wanted to show him as a human being and only when he is about to die does he become sorrowful.<br /><br />I'm not a Catholic but I thought the recital of the hail Mary by Ned Beatty and Sheen at the end with the Lord's prayer was funny as it sounded like they were trying to see who could say it faster.<br /><br />I don't see how this movie could be watched without realizing it was aimed at Tricky Dick Nixon and the Viet Nam war.<br /><br />I hope it was all worth it for Slovik and anyone who chose to follow his example.
critique5915 This was an awful short film that tries to be funny in a dark way but wasn't funny at all. Say at a film festival in Chicago. It really is what the title says and I simply wasn't into it at all. The bad storytelling was what did it in. If you re-wrote it and re-shot it it "might" work. This attempt fell in "the hole". Horrible filmmaking.
critique5916 This film is a cash in. A cash in reliant on a rousing theme tune created for an earlier classic. Yul Brynner has long since jumped ship and so have most of the production values. Lee Van Cleef takes over the lead role of Chris. I can't think of any actor who looks less like Brynner than Van Cleef. Hey he could have at least shaved off his hair and lost the moustache just for the sake of continuity. Some correctional centres show this movie in order to punish offenders. One step out of line and The Magnificent Seven Ride! is brought to the fore and wielded. They didn't even bother trying to make this movie not look like a TV movie! Abysmal.
critique5917 It is important not to be insulted by lack of logic or common sense and those who have any "gray matters" will agree that this movie just doesn't work.<br /><br />The problems lay in the direction cast selections and lack of depth in the character building. The word comedy was very hard thing to say when i expect to laugh when these words are used. Let's look at the problems in direction/script.<br /><br />Brother and sister both in their mid 30's seem to be well adjusted. They meet a complete stranger at a park and Heather Graham character walks up to her and asks the most intimate questions that even half sane person would be running the other way or at least scream for a police officer. He then awkwardly walks over and makes some stupid statements and she falls for him. Then after ONE date were they all go out together he falls in love with her and decides to get married in Vegas in a week's time???? Hello does anyone feel stupid yet? He goes out with thousands of women and he meets this one person who says about 10 words that WE see on the screen and he wants to marry her. Not only was there no chemistry it just doesn't make sense. Sure it's a romantic comedy and I want to believe it could but the direction made it completely flat.<br /><br />Now Heather falls head over heels with her too and when Heather Graham and Bridget Moynahan (very shallow character) kiss or more to the point it was sloppiest kiss ever that chemistry MIGHT be there. I found it unromantic and unfunny and while many say Heather cannot act i think the reality is Heather was clearly the wrong person for this role. <br /><br />This was Sue Kramer debut as a director and to me it was just too much for her to chew. It would take a lot of craft to make this movie work and IMHO it could be done with better writers and casting and direction.
critique5918 in factit's basically the same movie.and they couldn't even get the time line of events correct.maybe that was intentional due to laziness or not caring.either waythis thing is a real woofer.it doesn't even deserved to be called a movie.i viewed this as a so called second feature on the disc containing the original The Boogeyman.i thought my head would explodeand i urge you to run as far in the opposite direction of this thingif you should be cursed with the misfortune of combing across it's path.it should come with a warning label like:Warning-may cause your i.q to drop several points if you are within it's vicinity.for methere's no doubt this thing is a 0/10
critique5919 let me get started with a terrible storyline and an awful control system. good animation but not too good graphics. that is why I'm giving this game 4 of 10. THIS GAME REALLY NEEDS AN Improvement IF YOU ASK ME!!! i would remake it and make this control system better so jaws is not so damn hard to control. if i made it to improve it i would make those graphics look better than on the movie. it will drive anyone crazy when you are getting killed so freaking easy. i played this and got killed by a diver when he had one of those flick knives in 2 hits. the dolphins will kill you so much that the shark will be begging to go to the bottom of hell. this game sucks some fat ass. sorry about all the cussing i think I'm done now. it just that this game sucks so bad that it should be taken off the store's shelf. i dare you to play the garbage and you will probably get so mad by dieing so easy so Don't PLAY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
critique5920 What a stupid idea. Ewoks should be enslaved and tortured. Utterly useless as a species... Fine you want ten lines of text regarding my unending hatred of Ewoks? Fine here it is fool. First of all they are an inferior race that would be slaughtered en mass had Lucas not pussified the entire series with their foul presence. They're little bears with large asses and they probably smell like donkey crotch. Yeah I said it donkey crotch. They have little to no technology whatsoever resorting to using sticks as makeshift weapons. I'm surprised they even had access to fire. Their guttural language makes my skin crawl. Can't...suppress...anti-Ewok...RAGE! AHHH!!!
critique5921 This movie is one of the worst I've ever seen. Even being hangover didn't help. The plot is lousy if existent. The relatively large number of beautiful girls are unable to help. I guess seeing an episode of temptation island with the sound turned of would give the same kind of experience. Do NOT see this flick
critique5922 Max had the V-8 Trace (Wheels of Fires last and only hero) has a jet engine on the back of his car allowing him to make unintentionally humorous faces as he rockets around the halfway desolate wasteland. Be amazed as Mad Max 2 (aka The Road Warrior) is dissected and spliced back together as a new movie albeit filmed in a lackluster manner with bad actors and lousy stunt work.<br /><br />Why is WoF set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland? Simple The Road Warrior was! Actually any questions can be answered by: it was that way in the Road Warrior! Except for the out of work mutant actors from the original 60's The Time Machine film that make a cameo appearance for sake of giving the audience some non-vehicular action to chew on for a few minutes.<br /><br />In typical 80's fashion all cars driven by bad guys that are bumped or slightly jostled explode in a huge billowing explosion. Inevitably all car chases will happen near convenient cliff sides and cars will unavoidably fall off of them. Along with this 80's cinematic wild ride is the general rampant misogyny in this style of cheapie film. Generally I waited for Trace's rocket powered car to accelerate and shoot flames so there would be another shot of him scrunching up his face like he is supposed to be tough which comes off more as him looking constipated. Badly choreographed action coupled with bad acting makes this film a true sinker. The unintentional humor value even manages to wear thin.<br /><br />Rats: Nights of Terror by Bruno Mattei is superior. And that in and of itself is saying a lot! By this count 2020 Texas Gladiators is a cinematic masterpiece compared to Wheels of Fire. A poor Road Warrior knock off that doesn't have near enough cheese factor to make the film watchable.<br /><br />
critique5923 Well I just paid a dollar for a DVD of this movie and it wasn't even worth that. It seems to be from a poor print and is in the public domain I am guessing.<br /><br />Neagle - despite her glory awards and reputation - is a homely British gal who can't sing or dance or act.<br /><br />Some of the fine old Hollywood character actors on display here must have thought they were doing a classic. Director Herbert Wilcox (Neagle's husband) always thought Anna was the most exciting and talented femme on the screen. He was mistaken. She was improbably popular in Britain before and after WWII. Her "serious" roles are even more ludicrous than her musical appearance here.<br /><br />Only a couple of the famous songs are included and neither one is well presented. Skip this one and find the one that stars Doris Day. At least you get some real comedy and professional style dancing!
critique5924 I think I've seen this sort of thing before: college graduates not realizing they have it pretty damn good all the while complaining that their lives suck.<br /><br />This movie is highly derivative of The Big Chill and Reality Bites from what I can make of it: they practically have the same plot.<br /><br />If anything good came out of this snore-fest it was the music. That was it.<br /><br />As far as I'm concerned I'm not impressed... but then again I never expected anything less. This movie was directed by the same person that directed Batman and Robin; another movie that should only be viewed with a blindfold in tow.<br /><br />Now for the verdict: it's a 1 out of 10.
critique5925 While this outing certainly doesn't live up to its predecessor it does have more than its share of memorable moments. My personal favorite just after laying waste to a city block with his "Videodisc Cannon" we see a close up of Nimoy's face. As a single tear sheds from his left eye we know at that point that Nimoy is more than just a killing machine. The viewer can't help but be pulled into his emotional turmoil and we understand that his previously flat affect was only a facade. Absolute brilliance!!! The sex scenes display a nice balance carnal but not pornographic. Afterwards I felt I had a pretty good understanding of how to work the Magnavision Videodisc Player. Too bad they haven't produced them in over 25 years.
critique5926 All movies that contain "goofy sound effects" should be shot. If there is one thing I HATE it's gotta be the use of a "whoop whoop whoo" when somebody gets hit one the head. The only movies I have seen to do this is Ghoulies IV and Hobgoblins when they are in the bar and Pixie is hitting the guy in the red suit with a beer bottle... or rather fanning him with a beer bottle because she never really hits him with it. Yes Ghoulies IV does suck. But I have to wonder did they MEAN to not make the so called "Ghoulies" mouths move when they supposedly talked? Their faces are almost as static as the masks used in Trolls 2. Hell I can make a better mask out of construction paper some rubber cement and a handful of glitter. This sucked.
critique5927 there are three kinds of bad films - the cheap the boring and the tasteless. the only really bad movies are boring and tasteless. <br /><br />boring films are just well boring - if you don't leave quickly enough you fall asleep.<br /><br />tasteless films actually have their defenders; but the fact remains that they are masturbatory aids for very sick people.<br /><br />only the cheap bad films are really funny because the filmmakers wanted to make their films so desperately they way-over-reached beyond their abilities and available resources.<br /><br />Bo Derek is just naturally boring and tasteless; fortunately fate and a lack of funds and skill redeem her by making her seem cheap as well. this film is hilarious and it may well be the last really funny-bad film ever made.<br /><br />i first saw this in a theater may god forgive me; i was laughing so hard i was rolling off my seat and so too with most of the rest of the audience.<br /><br />it's clear that Derek and her husband-promoter conceived of this film as partly a satire; unfortunately the dereks clearly lacked any of the necessary resources to pull that off; consequently the 'satirical' element comes off as some school-girl's impression of some gay young man's impression of frank gorshin's impression of the riddler in batman trying to pretend he's robin - it doesn't fly over our heads it has no clue where any human head might be.<br /><br />on the other hand there are some supposedly serious moments in this film - it is supposed to be an action film remember - that are so astoundingly cheesy one wonders if someone squirted spoiled milk in one's eye.<br /><br />as for Derek's infamous tendency to reveal her breasts - i can't imagine a less erotic nudity photographic display she is so weird looking with those broad shoulders i can't imagine what any one ever saw in her.<br /><br />as for the plot - such as it is - well it isn't; Derek chases around Africa and god alone knows why. then her father - Harris - pretends to act in some maniacal puppet-show and then of course there's the hunk'o'Tarzan that seems to have wondered in from advertisement without knowing that the subject's changed - probably because he hasn't seen a script - apparently no one has.<br /><br />negligible camera work shoddy editing - if it weren't for the 3-way with the chimp the film would be unbearable -<br /><br />as it is it's a real hoot.
critique5928 I had to watch this movie for a film class I suffered the whole time through. I am not Asian but was still greatly offended by this film. The film's basis is racialism overall minorities (Rex Harrison isn't even Asian!) are depicted in narrow-minded manner. The banning of the film in Thailand illustrates the degree inaccuracy and subjective portrayal of Asians. In addition there has been critical attention given to Biography of Anna. Many critics argue that Anna added many fictitious events to her story to project herself in a good manner. Some critics of the film and biography have even stated that Anna made up the whole story. An awful film but good for discussion of BioPics as form of meta-narrative fiction rather than a work of non-fiction.
critique5929 OK fans it's out on DVD. But the only reason to watch this is 1) to say you did (due to its notoriety) or 2) if you're a hardcore Bill Paxton fan. I am not a hardcore BP fan but he was fun to watch and it was the only thing that kept me from turning this off from sheer boredom. It's a shame because this could have been a good movie with some script work and if made by someone with some intelligence (and with a cast led by someone besides the totally miscast and talentless Judd Nelson). Sure it's gross but it's BAD and not in a good way. If after reading all the comments on how bizarrely revolting and dystopianly filthy this movie is you are still interested do yourself a favor and see some GOOD bizarre revolting dystopian filth instead. Films by John Waters David Lynch Peter Jackson's "Braindead" Henenlotter's "Basket Case" etc. all come to mind. There's lots better out there.
critique5930 this movie had a fairly good sounding plot but the paste was very slow... very slow indeed. even if someone thinks this is a cult classic i think that there are a lot better films from that era to be watched.<br /><br />the cinematography is not excellent but not the worst either. the sounds are OK. lighting OK.<br /><br />i still wouldn't recommend this to anyone else than maybe a film-student.<br /><br />the movie does not contain music and the horses having sex don't make it a good one either. and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was plain stupid.<br /><br />no winnings here skip this utter boredom. i've seen worse believe me but this is just waste of time and i don't get the good reviews here. especially the high ratings...
critique5931 There's nothing particularly original about this story of corrupt unions on one side and the "chief attorney" on the other. The stark but unimaginative lighting and photography stems from the fagged out noir cycle. The story could easily have been out of a Warner Brothers drawer with George Raft in the lead. The performances are routine the direction flat and even the set dressing perfunctory. (An alley is shown by a single plaster wall of simulated brick. It has one poster on it. The poster says "Post No Bills.") We are introduced to the story and some of the characters by a portentous narrator who informs us that while most unions work hard and honestly to advance the causes of their members a few are corrupt. But we don't really get to know much about the unions or how they operate although I suppose they were fair game after the success of "On the Waterfront" a few years earlier. Here they're just a peg to hang the tale on. The real ring leader is a disbarred lawyer who runs things through three or four thugs. The District Attorney (or whatever he is) finds out like Dana Andrews did in "Boomerang" that the wrong man (Dick Foran) is charged with a murder and he spends the rest of the film almost alone digging up evidence of Foran's innocence. He gets into fist fights and shoot outs like any inexpensive movie private eye.<br /><br />Brian Keith is the D.A. He's shown some insinuating displays of talent elsewhere but here he spends most of the time speaking quietly and staring at the floor. Elisha Cook Jr. is a likable rummy but can't do a good drunk. Beverley Garland is okay but is undermined by the direction which has her gawking in a night club when she should be furtive. The remainder of the cast would be suitable for a TV series.<br /><br />And nobody is helped by the writing. When a "B girl" is about to be shipped by the union mob to the Filippines someone advises her that she only has to learn a few words of Spanish. "I only know one word" she says "Si. Yes." The writers have not trusted the audience to know that "si" in Spanish means "yes." The plot is clumsy and has holes in it. Keith visits a witness in her flat over a night club. He enters the door and has a gun shoved in his back by a yegg but he outwits the heavy and knocks him out. Then the orders someone to call the police. The rest of the scene played out at some length in the night club downstairs forgets all about the police and they never show up nor are they expected by anyone.<br /><br />It's nothing to be ashamed of and some people might enjoy it but there is similar stuff better done elsewhere.
critique5932 I've seen all 3 now. I just can't believe how bad Naqoyqatsi is. Not in comparison to the others but simply on it's own merit or lack of. <br /><br />I can't understand how the average rating for this movie is over 6 out of 10. I gave the first 2 movies 8 out of 10. They were thought provoking and beautifully done. I gave this movie a rating of 1. If a 0 or negative number was available I would have given it that rating instead. What a total waste of time it was watching this movie. I thought after the first 30 minutes that I should turn it off but then I figured that it was just a (very) slow starting movie. I thought the same thing after 45 minutes then 1 hour etc. Then I realized that it wasn't going to get any better.<br /><br />It's very tedious to watch and without any redeeming qualities. Don't take my word for it watch it yourself. Be sure to see the first two movies before this one. If you see this one first I can just about guarantee that you'll never want to see the first two but they are definitely much much better than this "piece of work".<br /><br />The best part of the movie is when the credits role at the end. That's when your penance on this earth is complete and you can foregoe 89 minutes in purgatory for the suffering that you've endured watching this "film". If God is truely merciful he'll be more generous.
critique5933 I love a good Western movie but this was more like watching a play on stage or an act at the local street carnival show. I could only stand 38 minutes of it in hopes that it would improve but it only got worse and I had to end it. Each actor(s) stated the lines as if reading directly from the script or cue cards. There was too much predictability to the lines and actions not as if a natural occurrence or conversation. The wig on Rachel Kimsey was obvious. The actresses playing Native American sisters could have played non-native parts and should have. Wardrobe for the Native Americans could have been better and a little more authentic looking. If I decide to watch it with any friends in the future I will do so not with the expectations of watching a good Western but with the expectations of watching an amateur comedy film production.
critique5934 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique5935 A pretty awful film I'm amazed the likes of Derek Jacobi & Vanessa Redgrave agreed to be in it it's like an overlong episode from a poor TV detective series. <br /><br />The biggest flaw has to be Vinnie Jones he simply can't act whoever had the bright idea of casting him as a leading man wants their head examining unless he put his own money into the project? He should stick to playing thugs looking menacing & NOT speaking! <br /><br />Also was central heating around in Dickens times as there were three big radiators behind his desk??<br /><br />No wonder they gave this away free with a newspaper as no one would pay to see it.
critique5936 This film is really really bad it is not very well done and is a lack lustre attempt at something but I am not sure what. I watched it and was very disappointed. It promised a lot but delivered nothing at all. The characters are shallow and wooden and the music if you can call it that is dreadful. There are of course all the creatures and animated beings but they are so poorly done that it does not come across as anything other than a third rate movie. It is a real shame that more attention could not have been spent to the special effects not the be all and end all of a movie I agree but in a movie that is based around them it's a very important factor. For me a very sad attempt and should be avoided.
critique5937 My wife and I are semi amused by Howie Mandel's show.. I also like Shatner - even when he's at his most pathetic..<br /><br />But this is absolutely the worst show on television.<br /><br />Please cancel this show. It sucks a**.<br /><br />The only positive thing I can say is that the girls are hotter on this show and seem to wear less clothing than Deal or no Deal...<br /><br />The questions are a mixture of way too easy and incredibly obscure. And watching Shatner or the contestant say "Show me the money" makes me want to vomit..<br /><br />This one will not last.
critique5938 About five years ago my friend and I went to the video rental store to get something to watch. My friend saw Space Truckers on the shelf and so we got it. Once we got home and started watching it we realized what an absolute piece of crap it was! A beer can floating in space? A guy taking a dump in a toilet? A guy with a mechanical dick who tries to arouse a women by saying "Whizz whizz!"? WTF!!! The dumbest stupidest most retarded horribly throne together piece of trash my eyes have ever been exposed to. My friend and I still refer to it as THE worst movie we have ever seen. Only one other movie has come close to its crappiness (and that would be the stupid Jackie Chan flick "The Medalion"). If you eyes ever see this piece of junk on the shelf at your video store proceed to do the following: 1. Take it off the shelf and throw it to the ground. 2. Stomp on it for at least 30 seconds. 3. Proceed to set it on fire in a contained facility (bathroom stall). 4. Lastly take it to your local hazardous waste management facility immediately so that it may be properly dealt with.<br /><br />STAY AWAY FROM "SPACE TRUCKERS"!!!!!!!!
critique5939 In the last few years of Ron Miller's (son-in-law of Walt Disney cum Producer) reign he churned out live-action crap on a stick often starring the very boring Dean Jones whose entire career was based on that kind of light empty-headed fare. Other horrible films from that same period include Pete's Dragon the Last Flight of Noah's Ark Unidentified Flying Oddball and the dreaded Condorman. I'll not mention Tron because I thought it ambitious and Miller was only the executive Producer on it so he had little to do with the actual production. However he was in full force when this god-awful piece of human junk was expelled from the bowels of creativity. Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo. Second sequel to much- loved Love Bug tale finds Herbie in love with another car who has a brain and heart too. There's a race some lame bad guys a diamond and Barney Fife. Shot in France the film actually is nicely photographed and the countryside is lovely. But one gets the idea the film was made so all involved could have a three month vacation in France. The rest of film is a wreck. Prat falls bumbling thieves wicked German racing competitors and a pretty bouncing feminist all fall under the category of stock supply. The biggest insult of the film: trying to further develop Herbie's lover personality via shakes beeps flashing lights and movements indicative of a horny seventeen year old Disney's writers do an injustice to our cute little VW. Then again I would think it'd be tough for anyone to top Helen Hayes driving Herbie around a skyscraper ledge in the second outing.
critique5940 This was no Trainspotting or Guy Ritchie film. It was a big wannabee. It wanted to be an edgy nervous-laughter urban-life affirming film but it's more of a camera jerky mess. It's a lot easier to imitate something else than to create a real story with real characters. From the beginning I couldn't care less about the characters or what they were involved in. They were always always hitting pissing or crying on each other. Only there wasn't any substance to what they were doing. The dialog between characters is meant to be hip revealing instead it comes out trite and one scene after another is predictable. I know there are viewers out there that really liked this movie so I could be wrong.
critique5941 The Good Earth is not a great film by any means it is way to ordinary. Maybe it was different in the 1930's but who would want to see the life of a farmer. It is not very interesting to me. Yes Luis Rainer and Paul Muni do an excellent job acting but the film dragged on way too long. I could have told you the ending of this movie by the first act. In short Wang Lung (Muni) a small time farmer who does not want to be like his own father turns out exactly like him. Both falling in love with their wives just as they are on their death beds. The film does a complete 360 going from one generation to the next. Also this film did not have any good character actors or funny moments it just was depressing stuff about lasting as a farmer during a time of crisis.
critique5942 Every now and again you hear radio djs inviting listeners to nominate movies that the listener can't stand or never watched all the way through. This is the movie that I think of...days later.<br /><br />It's got something to do with a play by Shakespeare. Not sure but I think I bailed on this movie some 20 odd minutes into it...think I realised that my toenails wouldn't clip themselves and they were looking at me imploringly to get cut.<br /><br />This movie just seemed boring and pretentious to me.<br /><br />Even though this is the first movie I've given such a low score to (which I've actually attempted to watch) I wouldn't want to put you off other movies by it's English director Peter Greenaway. I remember thinking that his "The cook the thief his wife and her lover" was a truly great British film even though its content was at times stomach churning-a brilliant movie but I can understand why people would balk at seeing it.<br /><br />Another good film by Greenaway was "A zed and two noughts". Again it had some content that pushed the boundaries of good taste but was intriguing nonetheless.<br /><br />The other film that I usually think of too late for such radio show topics is "Brazil". Never managed to watch that all the way through either-kept falling asleep!<br /><br />Unless you have a taste for self-important movies which are off-puttingly highly stylised laboriously paced and difficult to follow then steer clear of Prosero's Books.
critique5943 I don't remember a movie where I have cared less about where the characters have come from what happens to them or where they are going. I realize that Hollywood's greatest pastime is navel-gazing but these people are either too despicable or too boring to take up time with. For what it's worth though the discussion that followed the showing under the auspices of the Key Sunday Cinema series did make allowance that possibly the three women did show some redeeming characteristics. I disagree.
critique5944 Deep Sea 3D is a stunning insight in to an underwater world only a few have had the opportunity to view first hand.<br /><br />From the opening sequence when a wave rushes towards the audience momentarily engulfing us in the ocean the filmmakers make full use of the IMAX format. A jelly fish field appears to fill the whole theatre a shark powers towards us predators pounce from behind rocks and devour their prey. It is a beautifully captured under sea feast for the eyes.<br /><br />Our ears on the other hand are not given the same treatment. The film is narrated by Hollywood stars Jonny Depp and Kate Winslet. Both sound so ridiculous it positively spoils the enjoyment of the visuals. Depp sounds slightly bored whilst Winslet sounds as if she is reading a bedtime story to the village idiot. I was shocked that an actress of her status could have pitched her performance so wrongly. The script is fairly silly and contains very little depth. The soundtrack is filled with strange unrealistic sound effects which I assume are meant to be funny but in fact detract attention from the material which should have been allowed to speak for itself. <br /><br />Danny Elfman has provided an excellent score which gives plenty of impact to the ups and downs of life under the sea when it is allowed to play out without the silly bubble sounds or crayfish footfalls which pepper film.<br /><br />The film is a technical marvel but with it's childish script annoying narration and misplaced sound effects it cannot be taken seriously.
critique5945 Not too long ago I bought a cheap VHS tape entitled "Just Rambling Along" supposedly featuring Laurel and Hardy. Being somewhat familiar with their output and not recognizing this title I made the agonizing decision to part with a whole dollar and buy it. Upon playing it I identified the film as HOP TO IT. Of course Mr. Laurel was nowhere in the cast making the packaging of this product criminally deceptive. Even worse the quality is terrible. It looks like it was duped from an 8mm film source. It did have a somewhat appropriate musical score. Actually in all seriousness the tape is worth a buck if you just want to get an idea of what the movie is like. In my opinion it is a decent but unexceptional short. IMDb should add JUST RAMBLING ALONG as an alternate title for this film which incidentally was the name of a 1918 Stan Laurel film!
critique5946 Where to begin? the special effects should be named special defects When the director shouted "action" I guess he also indicated to the actors to carry out the worst performance they could think of. Maybe he was annoyed with the producers and wanted to make sure that they would not recover a single cent out of their investment and that the work would be a case study of how not to make movie. Or maybe he hated art school and wanted to be an accountant but his family did not let him.<br /><br />The only thing that is sure that whoever employs him in the future is because its in love with him (so its objectivity jumped through the window) or because he changed its name and deleted all past previous references.
critique5947 Eh it's not really as good as the other Dragonballs. The villains are actually rip-offs of other Z villains like Cell Frieza and even Majin Buu. With Baby being Frieza's clone Super 17 being Cell's clone and the Shadow Dragons being Buu's clone(s). The story is also very bad as it deals with Goku shrinking. SHRINKING!! It deals with him SHRINKING to like the size of an eight year old just to get it going. Let us not forget how weak the characters become. Gohan can't go mystic anymore and is even weaker than Pan.(It's sad I know). Speaking of Pan she was so cute at the end of Z now she's lost all that cuteness and become an irritatingwhiny little girl whose sole purpose in this series is to get in the way. Goten doesn't even have a purpose in the series and Trunks... well I don't know what to say about Trunks. GT is just an attempt to milk the popular Dragonball franchise. If you really like Dragonball then avoid this series. It doesn't even feel like Dragonball. I will be fair though as the ending however was really good and is actually pretty sad (At least to me) and the theme songs both ending and opening are better (Japanese not American). Might've been better if Toriyama san worked on it.
critique5948 The Hebrew Hammer is a clever idea wasted as the execution is weak. As if often the case with iconoclastic humor it relies overly on outrage to generate laughs which simply isn't enough. Poor-taste humor has two elements -- poor taste and humor -- and both are needed here but the humor is pretty scarce. As a result it is often painful to watch all the more so because of good attempts on the part of the performers particularly Adam Goldberg as the HH himself. The Shaft references are funny though but only to those who know those movies and they certainly don't carry The Hebrew Hammer.<br /><br />Another problem is that many of the jokes rely on knowledge of American Jewish culture and many in the audience will simply not understand the jokes.
critique5949 I'll have to admit that I'm at a disadvantage here; when I learn more about a film from other reviewers than from watching it myself then that's a problem. Although the plot of "The Man Who Knew Too Much" seems generally straightforward the movie allows too many cryptic elements to get in the way of what could have been a satisfying mystery. By the time we get to the scene where a witchy looking woman establishes the secrecy of "the first degree of the seven fold ray" I didn't know whether to laugh or rewind to see if I missed something.<br /><br />In retrospect the cryptic note retrieved by Mr. Lawrence (Leslie Banks) from the handle of a shaving brush was a craftily written message leading to a dentist named Barbor and eventually to the Albert Hall a place not a person as indicated by "A. Hall". But for all the intrigue it's never made clear why the assassination target was being eliminated. Okay so Louis Bernard was killed because he knew of a plot to assassinate a diplomat named Ropa but why was Ropa a target? Come to think of it why was the note even written and secured in the shaving brush? Did Bernard have to refer to it every now and then to remind himself what was going to happen?<br /><br />With it's disjointed scenes "The Man Who Knew Too Much" is hard to follow and a bit disorienting however I'll give Alfred Hitchcock credit for this early effort. For perspective I'll have to watch some of his other work of the same era though this movie certainly can't hold a candle to his later works like "Psycho" or "North by Northwest".
critique5950 I saw the 10p.m. showing and I must say that this movie was nothing special. Although I did not leave the theater wanting my time back (as I don't actually pay for movies anymore) I didn't really find any redeeming qualities.<br /><br />There were a few lines and such that made me chuckle but mostly the film seemed to consist of rampant fan service to the younger (in mind more than age as this film is rated R) male audience. The fan service seemed out of place and rather distracting as well. I know you all want to hear Samuel L. say his infamous line but let's be honest it's a whole lot of hype for very little pay off. The only truly horrible part of the film was the CG which looked very digitized and did not mesh well with the live action on the screen.<br /><br />Now I am a reasonable man I knew going into the theater that I wasn't going to be seeing "Casablanka" and I am at least thankful that this film is an original (albiet inane) idea and not some re-make or franchise spin off. However to be honest if you are not a part of the cult following you are probably better off spending your money elsewhere and seeing the film either in a second run theater in a few weeks or renting it in a few months.
critique5951 Oh dear Oh dear. I started watching this not knowing what to expect. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. There were times when I thought it was a comedy. I loved how the government's plan to capture the terrorist leader is to air drop in one man who is unarmed and expect him to capture him and escape with a rocket pack. If only it were really that easy. I've finally found a movie worse than "Plan 9 From Outer Space".
critique5952 Siskel & Ebert were terrific on this show whether you agreed with them or not because of the genuine conflict their separate professional opinions generated. Roeper took this show down a notch or two because he wasn't really a film critic and because he substituted snide for opinionated. Now when Ben Lyons comes on I feel like I'm watching "Teen News" -- you know that kids' news show hosted by kids for kids? Manckiewitz is not much better. It's obvious they've encountered only a steady diet of mainstream films their entire lives. The idea that these two rank amateurs have anything of interest or consequence to say about motion pictures is ludicrous. If they are reviewing a non-formula film they are completely lost. Show them something original and intelligent -- they just find it "confusing". Wait -- I think I get it ... ABC is owned by Disney ... Disney makes movies for kids. While Siskel Ebert and Roper promoted independent films and were only hit-or-miss with the big budget studio productions -- what a surprise: these two guys LOVE the big studio schlock and only manage to tolerate a few indies. Plus everyone knows the age group TV advertisers are aiming for. The blatant nepotism is the icing on the cake. In what alternate universe do these guys qualify as film critics?
critique5953 Possible spoilers.<br /><br />Although there was some good acting - particularly Chloe Sevigny and Radha Mitchell in the comedy half - this simply was not an engaging film. The segues between the comedy part and the tragedy part were awkward or sometimes not obvious. This viewer was initially confused by the fact that the supporting cast differs in the two halves; I thought with the way things were laid out in the opening scene that the people surrounding Melinda would be the same people just reacting differently (more of a "He Said She Said" premise). However what we have is two totally different stories and two totally different women both of whom happen to be played by Radha Mitchell.<br /><br />The two playwrights in the opening scene - the comedian and the tragedian - supposedly take the same premise and go from there but the two stories are only tenuously related. They do little to support the topic of discussion which is that almost anything can be looked at as either comedy or tragedy. Nice cast but a disappointing film.
critique5954 This movie attempts many things but never really accomplishes anything the plot time travels meanders and weaves along without really satisfying. It left a hollow  "is that all" feeling at the end. Unless its free to air and there is nothing else on forget about it.
critique5955 Jim Belushi is having a mid life crisis nothing is going right when his car goes out on him..he goes into an empty bar where Michael Caine shows him what life wouldve been like if one event in high school had come out differently.. A good premise with some moments..but mostly flat and uninteresting. on a scale of one to ten..3
critique5956 A comedy that spoofs the inspirational sports movies The Comebacks tells the story of an out-of-luck coach Lambeau Fields who takes a rag-tag bunch of college misfits and drives them towards the football championships. In the process this life-long loser discovers that he is a winner after all by redeeming himself saving his relationship with his family and friends and finding that there is indeed no "I" in "team"!<br /><br />I decided to watch the unrated version for this film. It was thirty minutes longer and I though it may be better than the theatrical release hearing that people hated this movie. After all thirty minutes of extra footage can add a whole lot to a movie. Well I certainly was wrong. It was as bad as the recent "Meet the Spartans" but it was thirty minutes more of torture!<br /><br />Seriously who makes a close to two hour spoof movie?! A spoof movie is short because if it goes any longer it would be overkill! Honestly I love stupid comedies. Heck I liked "Date Movie" "White Chicks" "Epic Movie" and "Little Man"! I guess when it comes to spoof movies it is either a hit or miss and this one definitely missed.<br /><br />On the lighter side from the many jokes in this film I will say about six or seven made me laugh even some that made me laugh out loud. But that's not saying much. Following those jokes were more scenes of torture and unfunniness.<br /><br />I can't see how people would say this is not a terrible spoof film. In fact there is as much product placement in here like Meet the Spartans there are as many dance sequences and unfunny jokes. I will say another thing I like about this movie is the songs. They are some very good songs in here. Overall watch it if you like spoof films. Skip it if you like funny films.
critique5957 This is a film of immense appeal to a relatively well-defined group (of which I am not a part). I went to a preview of this movie not knowing what to expect - I ultimately found it disappointing. The history of a dreadfully dysfunctional (oftentimes downright "twisted") Hungarian Jewish family is not my cup of tea. An epic saga like this should really provide its viewers with something more in the end. Ultimately pictures such as this are about the human condition - this picture cast almost no new light on any of its more meaningful facets.
critique5958 A woman as rich as she is insecure has a history of alcoholism and nervous breakdowns helped no doubt by a smooth-talking gigolo husband who openly cheats on her. Naturally nobody believes her when she claims to have been accosted by a giant man who stepped out of a giant satellite. Much to the delight of her husband this could be the incident which finally puts her away for good. <br /><br />From the very opening scenes with it's ludicrous news broadcast and ridiculous satellite encounter you'll probably be convinced that the only redeeming value of this movie is that it is so bad that it is funny. Although not too far off the mark this is most definitely not true.<br /><br />Unlike most movies of this genre this is not really a sci-fi or a horror film but actually a serious drama which intelligently incorporates a sci-fi scenario into the plot. It's not a good or even mediocre drama but it will exceed your expectations if you weren't expecting any legitimate drama at all. The acting is surprisingly good for such a low budget effort and most importantly it is well edited and excellently paced. It is never boring and manages to generate more than a little interest in seeing what will come next. Nevertheless this is still a movie strictly for those who can't pass up the chance to see a 1950s film with a title like "Attack of the 50 Foot Woman"!
critique5959 I'm a pretty tolerable guy when it comes to movies even B movies. I routinely watch some B movies for fun and they can range from surprisingly good to just downright awful. I usually set my expectations really low before watching these types of movies and even after doing that Descent was just downright awful. I really didn't mind that they were ripping off the Core to some extent but they did absolutely nothing interesting with the material. Some scientists are worried about the earth's seismic activity and must travel into the depths of the earth in order to stabilize the mantel. So what we get is a monotonously long set-up in which two dueling scientists played by Luke Perry and Rick Roberts have to work together on a top secret mission named Project DEEP. The man in charge General Fielding played by Michael Dorn is secretly withholding vital information from Assistant Marsha Crawford played by Mimi Kuzyk. Rounding out the cast is Natalie Brown who plays Jen a mission specialist who created the "Mole" a drill which is used plunge into the depths of the Earth.<br /><br />Other than some pretty good special effects and set designs nothing about Descent is worthwhile. The movie starts out fairly entertaining but it gets bogged down quickly in a tiresome story about uncontrollable seismic activity which has been done to death in other movies such as the Core. Descent also has a poor script with useless forgettable dialog between the characters. To make matters worse there is literally no action no real threat or danger. The attempts at comic relief are painfully unfunny. The plot has gaping holes and some of the subplots are left untied at the end leaving a bad taste in your mouth. <br /><br />In closing this movie was just a cheap way for everyone involved to get a paycheck. There was no thought behind this movie no innovation it's just there. Other than some nice looking special effects and set designs this movie fails on every other level. The story is from the garbage can of Hollywood and the characters are uninteresting to boot. Descent will simply descend you into boredom and frustration. Avoid at all costs.
critique5960 When I was a little girl I absolutely adored The Swan Princess it was reliving the same fairy tales of Snow White Sleeping Beauty and Cinderella the princess and her prince who saves the day is always a timeless story that will never die well hopefully. But I figured that I would check out the sequels for The Swan Princess to see what they were like and unfortunately this is the typical cartoon sequel that just disappoints more than entertains. The only character I found still very amusing was the Queen she was very funny in this movie and had the best part. But with the voice changes they were noticeable and also bothered me quite a bit I don't mean to be picky just it was too weird for me. The story also was just more or less borrowed from the first Swan Princess just the villain in this movie is following Rothbart's footsteps.<br /><br />Odette and Derek are about to celebrate their one year anniversary but Derek has been too preoccupied with fighting for his kingdom to keep it safe. With his mother's birthday also coming up he forgets about that since there is a new villain in town Clavious who is hoping to go above and beyond where Rothbart's powers went and kidnaps the Queen on her birthday. But Odette must change back into her swan self in order to help Derek fight him and save his mother.<br /><br />The Swan Princess 2 is of course more than alright for the kids that I never mind it's good clean fun for them. The reason why these sequels are disappointing though is because it is usually just for the kids that is the audience they aim for but it's more enjoyable when the jokes and story can be enjoyed by everyone. Now there are a few laughs and giggles here and there but this wasn't as clever in my opinion to the first Swan Princess. I would recommend it for the little one's but if you're looking for a fun cartoon movie I'd recommend staying with the first Swan Princess.<br /><br />4/10
critique5961 Heh...I'm surprised this movie still exists in any form let alone it being available for rent! <br /><br />This flick is one of the many bad slasher flicks that exist only for the T&A and the cheap laughs. The story line crosses a bit of "Texas Chainsaw massacre" with a screwy mamma-centred back story reminiscent of "Psycho" and a bit of the good old women-in-chains tough-as-nail-ex-con broads tossed in for good measure - in other words complete unoriginality wrapped up in half naked women spiced with a dash of utter idiocy! Looking on as the director attempts to make the marsh land of Quebec pass off as Southern U.S. bayou land is sad I tell ya! <br /><br />Funny thing for me is I was actually at the premier of this flick as at the time I was pals with Ratchford the film's "star". It was painful to watch on as Jeremy sank into his seat whilst the flick unfolded its mangled wings.<br /><br />I'm happy to see that Ratchford after this sham of a first flick has grown into one hell of an actor. He can be seen regularly on the Canadian cop drama "Blue Murder" has appeared on "CSI" not to mention his role in the classic Clint Eastwood film "Unforgiven" - we forgive ya Jeremy! It was a rocky start but you done good man! <br /><br />~T.Paul
critique5962 Lame plot and two-dimensional script made characters look like cardboard cut-outs. Needless to say this made it difficult to feel empathy for any of the characters especially the fiancÃƒÂ©; He looked and acted more like a cartoon. In summary I guess you could say it was on par with your typical made for TV drama. It uses just about every clichÃƒÂ© in the book. The tortured classical musician who wants to break-out and play salsa. The free-spirited fiancÃƒÂ©e engaged to a "bean counter" personality she doesn't love. I won't list them or else it would be a spoiler because I'd be giving away the whole plot. The dancing was OK but nothing special. I've seen worse. 3 stars for good music. The band was really tight. I saw it on YouTube. Thankfully I didn't pay good money to see it at a theater. I'm still a little shocked at how many great reviews this movie has garnished.
critique5963 This is just horrible really horrible trash. Yes we've got beautiful naked women dancing and having sex. But while this may work in the mechanism of a porn movie Ã‚Â– may have even been a hit as a porn movie Ã‚Â– this tries to mask itself as a "film" with actual things to say with real emotion and struggle. It isn't. It's an excuse to get some girls naked and have a fun time. I'm sure all of these women (and men) in this particular movie could have faired decently in the porn movie business of the 1970s . . . but not in the actual movie business.<br /><br />The acting was hackneyed so bad I mean real terrible. The writing was even worse. I can't lay all blame on these actors Ã‚Â– they had nothing to work with. The very broad structure or plot of the movie could possibly be done and done well with good writers and competent actors. The very broad structure or plot is that of a psychotic man who spends his time shooting people from afar as a sniper. These shootings were motivated from men not respecting their women enough. If there was more writing - better writing much better writing - and less gratuitous sexual imagery we might have something to work with.<br /><br />This movie should have been shot made and marketed a hardcore porn movie all along; it would have made more money. It practically is a hardcore porn film already and it remains the only non-porn movie I've seen that shows a male erect penis.
critique5964 Killjoy 2 surpasses the first movie by just a little bit.The stuff that improved in here was the actingthe Killjoy make-upand story.This one is more of a gore festit doesnt have the supernatural elements like the first one did.In this installmentKilljoy kills his victims in more normal wayshe doest set them on fireand he doesnt shoot them with bullets that were in his mouth.The only thing I didnt like about this moviewas that the ending was a little half assedin fact it was half assedthey killed Killjoy in a very cheap way.I would strongly recommend this to anyone who like horror movies.Seriouslythe first movie was goodbut the second is better.9 out of 10.
critique5965 ....as to the level of wit on which this comedy operates. Barely even reaching feature length "Can I Do It....'Till I Need Glasses" is a collection of (mostly) dirty jokes. Many of them are so short that you can't believe it when you realize that THAT was supposed to be the punchline (example: the Santa Claus gag); others are so long that you can't believe it when you realize that they needed so much time to set up THAT punchline (example: the students' awards gag). And nearly all are directed without any artistry. Don't get me wrong: about 1 every 10 jokes actually manages to be funny (the iron / phone one is probably my favorite). There is also some wonderful full-frontal nudity that proves yet again that the female body especially in its natural form is the best thing on this planet (there is some comedic male nudity as well). And I agree with others that the intentionally stupid title song is actually pretty damn catchy! But none of those reasons are enough to give this film anything more than * out of 4.
critique5966 So why does this show suck? Unfortunately that really is the only question because there is no doubt that it does.<br /><br />For those unfamiliar with the premise of the show the doomed-to-be-shortlived series Cavemen focuses on a number of Neanderthals and their struggle to exist in modern day America and is based on the characters featured in a series of television ads for Geico Insurance. The concept is solid and there is every reason to think it could be executed successfully.<br /><br />I had to think about it for awhile but then the tagline from the commercials -- something to the effect of "We're not that much different from you" provided me with the key to the show's suckiness. Even though cavemen/Neanderthals are actually a different species than humanity the title characters of this show it turns out are exactly the same as those of us who are boring jerks.<br /><br />Maybe its my background as a game writer -- rather than a soulless hack committee-based writer from California -- but this show had so much potential and none of it has been realized. To start with the producers should have focused on the fun things that would make cavemen different from us.<br /><br />What could conceivably be funny for example about giving them occupations like perpetual grad student and furniture store clerk when they would have more compellingly been drawn to things like subterranean utility workers and guides at cave parks? Why would they play prosaic games like squash when a whole episode could be devoted to them trying get hunting licenses to go after game with spears? A show like this could write itself and it takes some willfully bad writing to make it quite so crappy and boring.<br /><br />Another tiresome aspect of this show is an attempt to portray the cavemen as being subjected to a number of stereotypes associated with various human minorities. Yawn! This has been done so many times before and never more drearily than this. And as noted previously Neanderthals really are a different species so using them as a metaphor for racial stereotyping is both uncompelling and off the mark.<br /><br />Responses are welcome including those from anyone who wants to tell me why I'm wrong. I'd like to enjoy this show and am just sorry that I have thus far been unable to.<br /><br />Michael J. Varhola Skirmisher Online Gaming Magazine
critique5967 The movie that would be included if Mystery Science Theater 3000 had a home game version! The source material for tacky comments in this movie are endless. I found the video of Terror in the Jungle at a garage sale. What a find!
critique5968 The core issues at play (God & Satan / Good & Evil) can be & should be tremendously compelling (as demonstrated through thousands of works of art/music/literature/film). End of Days unfortunately is nothing but a 2Dimensional Cartoon. Byrne's acting ability stands so obviously in sharp contrast to Arnold's corresponding lack of ability and is further underlined by a plot filled with nothing but stereotypes.<br /><br />The single compelling scene occurs at the very beginning with the transformation of the Gabriel Byrne character and his subsequent interaction with his wife? girlfriend? It is both erotically charged & repellent -- modernizing the vampirish themes the seductive power of evil.
critique5969 This 'Movie' has to be the biggest pile of steaming C*^p I have ever<br /><br />seen What more can I say than BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD. There is NOTHING to save this 'movie' and I pray that they NEVER even talk about making a sequel. If you are thinking about watching this then you should know that the storyline is that two garbage men get dragged into saving the earth. Movies like Men in Black has been torn to shreds and put back together to make this 'Comedy' but have TOTALLY failed. Please avoid this movie (save yourself).
critique5970 ...in a TV-movie 70's kind of way. It's one of those movies that show up in the wee hours but rarely because more modern late-hour schlock movies bump it off. It has likeable performances by Graves and Wynn. Generally it's just a harmless little piece of nothing that doesn't offend too badly. Nothing good a lot that's mediocre.
critique5971 This is one lowly film. It has no real plot. We never are made privy to motivations other than wealth. The characters are some of the worst actors ever to be put on film. The threat seems to be supernatural but then it's being controlled by these three older people. Why are they doing what they are doing; in order to strike fear into other members of the group? I don't know. There is some mist from a fog machine that rolls around in the halls and everyone seems to be scared of it. Does it do something? I don't know. There's some nudity for its own sake. I'm always surprised to see this in films this old. Things have actually settled down in this regard these days. Anyway the people run around like chickens ready for the ax. They have no plan; no resources; no nothing. There are about five silly climaxes in the film. Who are these people and "is" there a ghost or demon. What happened to the other people? I challenge anyone to tell me this with any confidence. What a mess.
critique5972 This takes place in 1920s Harlem. A black owned nightclub has to deal with gangsters and corrupt policemen.<br /><br />Terrible vanity project for Eddie Murphy. It tries to mix comedy and drama and fails at both. The comedy simply isn't funny and the drama is boring and badly acted. You think a film with three comedy legends--Eddie Murphy Redd Foxx and Richard Pryor--would be great but it isn't. There's nonstop swearing and the OPENING scene has a young boy shooting a man to death (this is shown as being OK). Also we have the beautiful Della Reese degraded into playing a madam. One of the "comedic" highlights has a long unfunny and terribly vicious fight between her and Murphy. A boring offensive and stupid mess. Not the worst Murphy movie but pretty close. A 1 all the way.
critique5973 So bad it's entertaining especially during cocktail hour and believe me you'll need a beer a drink or whatever to get through this turkey. Where do they get the financial backing for such paint-by-the-numbers "horror" flicks? The fun in this movie is predicting which characters will get eaten and in what order and trashing the so-called "uniforms" the "military" jokers wear. The raptors by the way are not the same raptors we met in "Jurassic Park" but a cousin species. (Sorry no spoilers here. You'll have to watch it to find out for yourself) Don't expect the plot to make sense simple as it is just go along for the ride. You could make it a game... take another drink each time you hear a certain sound... or better yet every time someone gets crunched by a "raptor." With a little luck you won't even remember having seen this "C-grade" made-for-TV movie!
critique5974 First of all "Mexican werewolf in Texas" is not a werewolf movie. This title is bullcrap. The story is actually about a Chupacabra that kills all the local villagers in the little town of Furlough in Texas. I suppose the distributors renamed the original title so that it would make some extra bucks or something. And I guess it actually works because that's the reason why I bought this piece of crap it sounded so stupid. Anyway the movie isn't any good. Actually it's bloody awful. But I didn't expect anything else when I bought it. It's a low budget horror movie with a Chupacabra monster. If you enjoy low budget horror with bad dialog actors and some gore then you should check into this movie. But I must warn you this movie is really baaaaaaad.<br /><br />This movie has some of the worst acting I have ever seen. The actors try to hard and t it gets completely ridiculous. They almost never say a line in a normal way. They always have this completely wrong tone about just everything they say. It's so stupid it almost looks like a freakin parody. It's like they shot each scene only one single time and were happy about it. The worst of them all is the blond girl which is supposed to play a bimbo. She's the worst of them all. I have never seen an actor as bad as her (And I've seen Pteradactyl). Even when her boyfriend dies she can't stop being a bimbo about it. I hate her.<br /><br />Some of the shots in this movie were actually quite good. The ones that where shot in the daytime are all pretty decent for a low budget project. But most of the movie is shot in the night when the Chupacabra strikes and the lighting is way too dark. The gore scenes are few and short but really grizzly and violent. The effects are pretty hilarious really but that's the way I like it. The Chupacabra looks pretty messed up and it's easy to see that it's a guy in suit.<br /><br />Overall this movie should only be watched by extreme fans of low budget flicks and it's very important to not watch this alone because you will probably be bored to death. I recommend watching this flick with your friends and some beer.
critique5975 This film is strange even for a silent movie. Essentially it follows the adventures about a engineer in post-revolutionary Russia who daydreams about going to Mars. In this movie it seems like the producers KNOW the Communists have truly screwed up the country but also seems to want to make it look like they've accomplished something good.<br /><br />Then we get to the "Martian" scenes where everyone on Mars wears goofy hats. They have a revolution after being inspired by the Earth Men but are quickly betrayed by the Queen who sides with them. Except it's all a dream or is it. (And given that the Russian Revolution eventually lead to the Stalin dictatorship it makes you wonder if it was all allegory.) <br /><br />Now I've seen GOOD Russian cinema. For instance Eisenstein's Battleship Potemkin is a good movie. This is just well silly.
critique5976 I've read every book to date in the left behind series and the movie hardly does any of them justice. Sure I've seen worse movies but this was incredibly disappointing. This movie would have made a good MST3K episode. The script was a horrible adaptation of the book and it felt like the actors were reading their lines instead of actually saying them. The characters were stiff and unlikeable. The effects were cheesy and looked terribly fake. The ending was awful. First of all it didn't even go all the way through the first book. Second it made no sense. If you hadn't read the book you'd have no idea what was going on. It had to have been the most cheesy film student-like ending I've ever seen in a movie. I'm upset that I actually paid money for this movie. If by some miracle it does get wide release they ought to totally overhaul it and let Hollywood take over. Those two wannabe film producers and the wannabe director should leave movie making to the professionals.
critique5977 The movie had a lot of potential unfortunately it came apart because of a weak/implausible story line miscasting and general lack of content/substance. One of the very obvious flaws was that Sean Connery who played an Arab man didn't know how to pronounce his own Arab name! This may seem a small flaw but it points to the seeming lack of effort in paying attention to details. The quality of acting was uniformly well below average. <br /><br />Movie's solitary saving grace was the twist in the plot at the very end; and a french song (I don't recall the title). Overall it was a pretty bad movie where Sean Connery was visibly miscast.
critique5978 In case half of this film's footage looks strangely familiar it means you watch way too much of this gory Italian cult-crap! For you see the notorious demigod Lucio Fulci did not only produce this movie he also took the liberty of re-using the most sadistic killing sequences in his own (and more easily traceable) "Cat in the Brain". The opening scene already in which a prostitute is brutally decapitated with an axe features in Fulci's later film and so do another handful of killings and sleaze moments. Andrea Bianchi's "Masssacre" fails miserably as a giallo since the search for the sadistic killer among a movie-crew shooting a horror movie is all but compelling and suspenseful but it's still good entertainment if you're into cheap 'n shlocky horror trash. The incoherent script introduces a whole bunch of repugnant characters who're all potential maniacs but none of the red herrings Biachi comes up with are plausible and you can point out the killer almost immediately. Whatever remains to enjoy are the truly misogynous make-up effects and the hilariously awful acting performances of the ensemble cast. Whenever there isn't any bloodshed on screen like between the first and second murder "Massacre" is a slow and almost intolerable with its inane dialogs and thoroughly unexciting photography. Thankfully in the second half there are women getting impaled on fences and males being stabbed repeatedly with rusty spikes. The music is crap and the use of filming locations is very unimaginative. My advise would be to skip this puppy and go straight for the aforementioned "Cat in the Brain". That one features ALL the great moments of "Massacre" and then some.
critique5979 This movie is one of the worse movies of all time. I'm kind of upset this movie isn't on the bottom 100; it deserves a spot at least number 60 or 70 on that list. This isn't just a film I think is bad in a campy-fun sort of MST3K way; it's just bad. This is one of the few films that I really really HATE. Freddy Got Fingered is in the same category of bad.<br /><br />So the story in this one goes that the daughter (Gugino) goes to California to go to school and comes back with Crawl (Shore) and he tries to learn to be a farmer. Then the boyfriend tries to set Shore up so that the girl will leave Crawl and go back to him. It ends and what's left of the audience can leave.<br /><br />The main purpose of this movie is for Pauly Shore to mug for the camera and try to be funny; but I'd say about 100% of the time he fails at that. Their horrible inaccurate and out of date view of farms and farming is offensive and there's nothing in this movie worth seeing. If you think of seeing it: don't. The one time I saw the movie it felt like I was watching it for 5 or 6 hours. If you've already seen it; you have my sympathy.
critique5980 East Palace West Palace reminded me somewhat of The Detective with Frank Sinatra in the role of the cop and William Windom is the boy. It's a progressive film for China I guess but it also perpetuates myths about the femininity of gay men: much is made of Chinese myths in which men take on female roles. The movie focuses on an effeminate man who wants desperately to be dominated and hurt by a macho guy. He cruises the park without fear--he hopes to be taken into the stationhouse by the officer. And that in fact happens. Then he tells the officer his entire life story while being subjected to mild torture: made to squat for a period of time handcuffed slapped. This is what the gay man wants and implicitly the gay man is challenging the cop's self-image as a manly man. The story's about the gay man's life (which include flashbacks) are tolerable but when he starts describing old Chinese myths and dramatic works the movie becomes unbearable. It becomes a cry of pity for China's gays who only want to fulfill a traditional role in Chinese society. Sorry I can't relate.
critique5981 I bought this DVD for my young son who loves the ToyStory movies. I never expected it to be in the same league as the Toystory movies but what I got was just another lazy Disney cartoon way below what I expected from Disney/Pixar. The story is unoriginal the characters are dull and two dimensional the animation is below par even Buzz isn't that great. The movie could have been so much better. I especially hated the paint by numbers storyline. I know it's meant for kids but even kids know when something stinks to this level lameness.<br /><br />Although I did enjoy some aspects of the movie I really liked the opening section of the movie with the slag mutant monster it just went downhill from there.
critique5982 Good movies are original some leave a message or touch you in a certain way but sometimes you're not in the mood for that. <br /><br />I wanted something simple no thinking just plain action when I watched this one. It started of good and was quite entertaining so why a bad review. Well in the end the movie lost it's credibility. The storyline wasn't that cheesy at all the action was not too special but overall good acting was OK so more than enough to satisfy my needs. But all got ruined because things happened that were over the top and it left me with a bad feeling. They should have put a little more effort in making everything credible and would have gotten a 7 in the "no thinking just plain action" category. So in conclusion if you know you'll get irritated because things are happening that seem completely illogical: don't watch! otherwise I'd say go ahead...
critique5983 If you want to truly experience the magic (?) of Don Dohler then check out "Alien Factor" or maybe "Fiend" but not this. Alien Factor is actually rather imaginative considering the low budget and it's fairly creepy but "Nightbeast" which I guess is sort of an updating of Alien Factor is just plain dumb. Actors sleepwalk through their roles especially Mr. Monotone sheriff and the monster is some dumb Halloween-mask kind of thing instead of the wildly imaginative (but kind of stupid) looking critters from Alien Factor. A spaceship crashes on Earth and there's a critter inside of course who runs around vaporizing people. And ripping off arms etc. And he has a cool ray gun that he uses to vaporize people too until it gets shot out of his hand. And that's really about it. "Alien Factor" beats this mess hands down if you really want to see a good Don Dohler movie check that out instead. And RIP Don Dohler 12/2/06.
critique5984 That's a problem I have with movies that come on television when there is nothing else to watch. I somehow get sucked into really bad movies.<br /><br />But this one was fairly watchable. The concept of being the only ones left on Earth after a comet then finding out zombies are around makes me laugh. And that's why I gave this movie a 2 instead of 1. The story was stupid...but in that way that makes you laugh (too stupid >funny).<br /><br />I think I only watched it because the guy from Star Trek was the lead. I was surprised to see him as a younger guy...and he was the only funny character anyway.
critique5985 I have read all of the Love Come Softly books. Knowing full well that movies can not use all aspects of the bookbut generally they at least have the main point of the book. I was highly disappointed in this movie. The only thing that they have in this movie that is in the book is that Missy's father comes to visit(although in the book both parents come). That is all. The story line was so twisted and far fetch and yes sad from the book that I just couldn't enjoy it. Even if I didn't read the book it was too sad. I do know that Pioneer life was roughbut the whole movie was a downer. The rating is for having the same family orientation of the film that makes them great.
critique5986 The person making taffy in this movie was so realistic. That person must have been trained so well! If I were buying taffy from the store featured in this fine romantic comedy I would demand to be served by the guy who trained the person who played the guy selling taffy.
critique5987 In reality that happened: the royal mother in law and father in law lunched with the couple the day after the wedding and gave her the money in public. This troubled young Elisabeth so much that she never forgot the issue. We must remember she was only 16. She was so embarrassed that she kept a fear for sex all her life. Perhaps this began to appear as a trauma. Also the constant meddling of her aunt and mother in law. As you say she kept all her children away from her critiqued her teeth and manners (which she considered inappropriate for an empress) and when Sissi finally went to Venice with her husband and children her eldest daughter died and the mother in law blamed her for that unfortunate and premature death. She never recovered.
critique5988 Cheerleader Massacre was supposed to be the fourth installment of the Slumber Party Massacre series; if that's what they were doing (which it is considering ONE actress from the original returns in a small cameo role) they have failed miserably and made by far the worst installment of the 'quadrilogy'. Cheerleader Massacre seamlessly combines bad acting a horrible plot a dumb killer dull and boring deaths boring scenery and hideous camera work to make it one of the worst films ever made. Did I already mention how bad it was? Don't get me wrong: this cheesy and retarded excuse for a horror film is nowhere near as bad as Napoleon Dynamite but it is undeniably a horrible movie.<br /><br />Cheerleader Massacre is an exact polar opposite of the original Slumber Party Massacre. Stay away by all means! This movie is utter garbage!
critique5989 I saw the movie in original Italian. It must be said that the acting and interpretation is most heavily polluted by the TV-generated trend to speak in a severely muffled voice not moving lips straining tones as emerged in the "That's real life"-productions and "Let's-raise-our audience-with-a-few-tears"-screen-playwriting. The late Massimo Girotti towers upon the other characters for intensity clarity of expression and intellectual honesty. The movie has some good hints but (as in another comment before mine) it lacks a focal point and dribbles away in many plot-lets of lesser and lesser relevance another trend dragged in from the TV productions well known to Italians. A few drops in style could be spared to the public such as the patisserie drag (Charm and aesthetics of cooking plus sensual payload of sweets see Chocolat Babette's lunch Vatel etc.) Hammam and the Fairies are definitely more truthful seems that Ozpetek has learned the tune of Italy in the early 2000s and is humming along... I'll give him a last chance though...
critique5990 *POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD*<br /><br />I'll only say what hasn't already been said here (and I'll continue this for the rest of my WWF/WWE comments).<br /><br />If you're going to have a Women's title match at least make it interesting rather than just a squash to put over the current champion. I guess Moolah couldn't handle an intense match but they wanted to have the legend in a WrestleMania.<br /><br />I thought the Killer Bees were wasted in WrestleManias especially here. I became a fan in 1989 about a year after the B. Brian Blair was gone and Jim Brunzell became a canvas back. So I didn't realize for a while that they were a top tag team even top contenders.<br /><br />But I loved seeing Bill Fralic in the battle royal. He really came into his own here creating a cocky heel character in a pre-match interview and even making an elimination in the battle royal. Besides Steve McMichael and Kevin Greene he is the only professional athlete from my generation with any respect for wrestling (anyone remember Dennis Rodman?). And what was with the Hart Foundation's ridiculous green tights?
critique5991 The beginning of the film is promising. When Jeanne Pollet(Anna Mouglalis) hear the story of the incident that happen on the day she was born that raise the possibility that she is the daughter of a famous pianist AndrÃƒÂ© Polonski (Jacques Dutrone) she set to find out whether it's true or not and giving the fact the she plays also the piano that's not such a remote idea. Jeanne meet AndrÃƒÂ© and his wife "Mika" Muller(Isabelle Huppert) and their son and on the way uncover the fact that there are some secrets in that family as much in her own.<br /><br />O.K. we have seen this before and it has been done in a more interesting way than here.The character of "Mika" Muller is left with out us understanding her motives to her action and she is not interesting enough to care for her. The piano scenes look fake and the whole piano sub-plot doesn't add anything to the character's insight but serve as to make the film longer than it should have been in the first place.<br /><br />In short a very disappointing outing from Chabrol who can do better than this
critique5992 This movie was based on actual fact? I sincerely hope not!<br /><br />We get to see what appears to be numerous armed cops empty an equal amount of guns at 2 guys who only got armored torso's. That's a great idea; aim for the armor!...excuse me but how about those big fat unmissable heads or their legs for crying out loud. Or were there invisible tanks protecting them? were they from Crypton?Did i miss something here?<br /><br />This movie started out decent enough but after 20 minutes of shoot-out it really takes a turn to boringlane.<br /><br />And that documentary style didn't work for me either but thats just something one finds likable or not.<br /><br />Highly unbelievable stuff which makes it hard to see it through 'til the end.<br /><br />3/10 for the fine editing.
critique5993 Good grief.. to think I've seen it all.. Danny Thomas looks SO out of place in this mishmash. He seems really uncomfortable. He can't sing worth a lick and when he's paired up with Peggy Lee (PEGGY LEE???) she easily.. EASILY outsings him! Maybe the director saw this and made him do the reall really bad comedy routines that he sometimes does in the film. Peggy Lee is okay but the whole thing is a shambles. Good for a laugh maybe.
critique5994 Actually I am not narrating the main plot in this comment but with just 2-3 sentences I can make it a spoiler. OK here are these- <br /><br />Speed is just a 85% conversion of Hollywood flick Cellular into Bollywood by using the software Vikram Bhatt. Title has no match with the story only it goes in the thriller direction. Just that!! It doesn't deserve even a single star for its imitation imperfect casting poor standard and predictable story. Undoubtedly now I can say that Viram Bhatt is slowly vanishing away from his director status as no any matured audience will appreciate his recent works including this. Beside him Aftab Shivdasani too making his outlook as cartoon-comic type. Who knows how long will he last in the film industry more? Sometimes the standard in the performances and cinematography look like lower than a C-grade movie. But most supportive role was played by Zayed Khan which was somewhat identical with Chris Evan's role as Ryan in Cellular. With innocent face Sanjay Suri has no contribution in the movie as he has nothing to impress. That's why those who have already watched Cellular I advise you never to waste your time again with this imitation sack.
critique5995 If you first saw this movie with Mary of the Fourth Form then it's perhaps possible for the haze of nostalgia to encourage your charitable side. If not it doesn't stand a chance. The young things' hipspeak is complete nonsense people may have used the occasional word you'll hear here but not huge batches of them in sentence after sentence. It doesn't so much date Dracula AD 1972 as blow it to pieces from the moment anyone under thirty opens their mouth it's impossible to take the film seriously and as for it being a laugh it's not even a smile. The idea of throwing Dracula into modern times is a good one and worthy of a far stronger script than Don Houghton can provide. The River Thames and Chelsea Male are no match for puppet bats model castles and terrified extras but you can't help but feel that with better writing it would have been so different.
critique5996 You have to see this movie it's a big footnote in the history of film. When this film was made American film industry reached the bottom of sucking. See this movie laugh and feel sorry for yourself for wasting the last 2 hours of your life. It's the worst acting I've seen and even worse directing. The villains laugh like they're taken from a clown circus and if the guys who did "Scary Movie" want to do a parody on superhero movies they only have to take the script from this movie and do a remake called Black Scorpion III: The threat of really really bad movies who in some way manages to lure the production companies into a sequel suicide.
critique5997 I have yesterday seen the second part. And I must say it was actually better then the first one. At the begin I realized It is actually a sequel not a remake but not a good one. I do not like the old movies and series of Galactica because the cylons saw like toasters (just as it was mentioned in this new movie) and were completely harmless for the old galactica. This movie turns the sides - the Humans were harmless but the whole movie was for me completely chaotic and stupid. Many scenes were unnecessary for instance the story of the "computer expert" - completely a crap. If I were a scriptwriter I would leave him die in his house killed by the cylon woman. And the evacuation from the planet? Oh please if it would be bombed by 50 Megatons (why exactly 50 MT??) nukes they would be dead killed by the radiation. And how is it actually possible that the big fleet of cylon was completely hidden before the attack? Aha it was possibly this computer virus created by the cylon - the script was probably written by ten-years-old school boy. The good side of the movie is that the humans are at last defeated!! Really defeated the population is near the extinction (children are dieing - two times explicit in the movie: 1. a baby!!! maybe one month old and a girl in age of max ten - what a violence...). And the bad-asses won and I think it is the first time in such sci-fi galaxy fight movie. I also appreciate the design of the cylons (not only of the humanoid cylon:-) a good job with these ships - I like the design of the ships by both of them - human an cylons. The human ships are a good never version of the old ones. And galactica - really pretty with these docks I liked that. But this is all only the design is not enough. The acting was really bad the whole plot was expectable (only two things not - the human-cylon on the ragnardocks and the human-cylon at the end).The dialogs were trivial (and in the Slovak dabbing just stupid but that is not fault of the movie). The whole movie looked like a pilot film for a series but who would shoot such series? What it would be about? One star for the design the second one for the near extinction of humanity.
critique5998 i bought this DVD because it has kari in it and the mpaa ratings said ; "Rated R for strong violence and sexuality nudity and language".<br /><br />which correctly IMO should state ; "Rated R for strong violence sexuality nudity and language".<br /><br />the word "sexuality" should come after a "comma" not an "and" because of the huge difference in meaning it make. i think a lot of people who have watched this movie will agree with me that the sexuality and nudity parts ALMOST non-existent. my first impression when i look at the mpaa rating was that i will be watching something like "vivid" movie. that is why i felt cheated. story-wise it was so-so after-all who really cares about the story if the gorgeous kari was in it. i know i don't.<br /><br />of course this is only my opinion.<br /><br />Joseph
critique5999 I truly love horror films & try to give every one I see as much credit (or sometimes more) as possible but this is really pushing the ticket...most of the cast were very like-able but hardly any of them could act at all - but then again think about the writing/dialogue of this mess...some good make-up but absolutely ridiculous special fx. All in all I give it 3 out of 10 - & am having second thoughts about that!!
critique6000 It's difficult to criticize a movie with the title like 'Deathbed: The Bed that Eats' and involves a ghost narrator who's trapped behind a 2-way painting he drew and a bed that snores and Ã‚Â– if I'm not mistaken masturbates. (Now that's getting back at its human companions!) Furthermore it foams up (in orange for whatever reason) to absorb edibles lying on its surface including apples wine fried chicken and of course people. Again it's suffice to say that don't expect too much when you see what I guess is stomach acid Ã‚Â– the final remains of anything that orange suds takes Ã‚Â– dissolving only certain things. It'll drink the wine but the bottle's okay and it'll eat away at the chicken bone but the bucket's just fine. Heck the bed even replaces the unused containers. Hilariously at one point it downs Pepto-Bismol. I had to laugh at that one. I don't think they really wanted you to take any of this seriously. It's low budget and it's extremely easy to see where they cut costs and saved oodles amounts of money. I thought in a world where there can be a killer 'Lift' and a 'Blood Beach' this 'Deathbed' might be amusing to watch. For reasons that might involve cost 90% of the film is voice-over no one screams or shows extremely low signs of fright/confusion on why a bed would attack (I can think of one Ã‚Â– and I never was one of those kids that jumped on the bed) and you'll have to suspend your disbelief beyond belief. (A victim loses all flesh on his hands barely saying "ow.") Only one scene that went on too long was minutely tense Ã‚Â– a woman attempts to crawl away only to be dragged back using a sheet. Where are the MST3k guys?
critique6001 **Might contain spoilers**<br /><br />Ok lets conclude this movie in one word: bad. Two words? Really bad. Now why do I think that? Let me explain. <br /><br />Guttenberg leads a special-ops team consisting of four persons that get assigned to retake an lethal virus after some arms-dealer stole it from a lab. They do this by attacking the arm-dealers in mid-flight and somehow gets back the virus after some fighting. However suspicions arise about Guttenberg because one of the terrorist knew his name. After debriefing the team-members get attacked by unknown persons and everyone starts to suspect everyone else is involved. After deciding they cant trust their bosses they decide to once again steal the virus and try to lure out the possible attackers.<br /><br />In theory this is a plot that could have worked in a low-budget movie that just aims to be aired on TV. However the plot is compromised and the movie ruined in several accounts. Firstly the plot is totally predictable and it is not fun to know how the movie is going to end after three minutes. Second. The acting is really bad or the actors are directed to act as dummys. There aren't many emotions change of facial expressions at all etc. I was especially disappointed in Guttenberg that I believe can do so much more but fails completely in an attempt to be a rough action-hero. In addition though I am not by any means any expert on the subject I totally believe I could assemble a better covert-ops team by picking up five strangers and train them for a week. This seems to be a theme in the movie to do things as stupid and unprofessionally as possible. This go for good guys bad guys and bystanders as well. Then I sincerely doubt the scientific and technical consultants if any of the film. For example I have poured liquid nitrogen over my hand and I didn't break instantly.<br /><br />Don't know how to conclude this really but lets say that this movie has a predictable plot bad acting and they seem to be amateurs in whatever the do. Sorry can't be any nicer than that. Do not watch this movie it is not even so bad it is funny. 2/10
critique6002 What can I say about Cruel intentions 2? Well I can say in all honesty I will only watch this film again if I am fastened to a chair and have my eyes opened clockwork-orange-style.<br /><br />The film 'stars' Robin Dunne (No I never heard of him either) whose awful impression of Ryan Phillipe made me cringe throughout. In a case of terrible casting Dunne attempts (and fails) to carry off playing a handsome charismatic charmer. Since the actor is not handsome nor charismatic nor charming the character is left wholly unbelievable. Amy Adams (she was in an episode of buffy one time) tries to pick up where Sarah Michelle Gellar left off and bring scheming Katherine to life... However Adams is not that good a an actress and her performance was flat and lacking in any real emotion often she looked like she was reading cue cards just off camera. There were two good actors in the film however Barry Flatman (Saw 2 & Saw 3) and Mimi Rogers (Mrs Kensington in Austion Powers) made very good and entertaining performances as the parents of Sebastian and Katherine and are the only reason why I rated the film as a 2 not a 1.<br /><br />The film itself is a poor version of the original with such lows as carbon copy's of dialogue and mimicked scenes which lacked the originality of the previous film.<br /><br />I think that as a TV show it might have worked but if it had been recasted with people who could actually act in the main parts.
critique6003 Hobgoblins....Hobgoblins....where do I begin?!?<br /><br />This film gives Manos - The Hands of Fate and Future War a run for their money as the worst film ever made. This one is fun to laugh at where as Manos was just painful to watch. Hobgoblins will end up in a time capsule somewhere as the perfect movie to describe the term: "80's cheeze". The acting (and I am using this term loosely) is atrocious the Hobgoblins are some of the worst puppets you will ever see and the garden tool fight has to be seen to be believed. The movie was the perfect vehicle for MST3K and that version is the only way to watch this mess. This movie gives Mike and the bots lots of ammunition to pull some of the funniest one-liners they have ever done. If you try to watch this without the help of Mike and the bots.....God help you!!
critique6004 Dean Cain the one time Super-Man plays Max Hooper the super-thief. He can break into any company and steal any thing for the right price. Unfortunately his latest heist ends him up in a high-rise in which someone else has set a fire to hide their own attempts to steal the product. Now the thief finds himself having to be the hero rescuing everyone in the building. Unfortunately the other thief is still in the building and the F.B.I. & C.I.A. are outside waiting for Max.<br /><br />The movie is barely passable. Dean Cain is a fun actor and has done much better with more improved material but here he is saddled with a weak script and pretty poor direction.
critique6005 George Sluizer's remake of his own - superior - film is a complete waste of time. Why was it even attempted? Kiefer Sutherland plays Jeff Harriman whose girlfriend (Sandra Bullock who only has a small amount of screen time)is abducted at a service station by Barney Cousins (Jeff Bridges). Now Barney is portrayed as the kind of guy that no one would trust in a month of Sundays - he lopes about like Frankenstein's Monster but without the sympathy and Bridges' acting is totally awful. Sutherland comes across a little better when his character turns detective with the help of new love interest Rita Baker (Nancy Travis).<br /><br />A major problem with this version of 'The Vanishing' is its obvious need to cater to Hollywood audiences by avoiding the bleak ending of the original film. Here the ending is happy which seems forced and unbelievable and completely wrecks the story. However by this time the damage has been done as Jeff Bridges turns the bad guy into a huge laugh.
critique6006 Linda Lovelace was the victim of a sadistic woman hater Chuck Traynor. I don't understand how having sex with a dog (which is animal abuse as well) can be found to be entertaining or funny. Linda Lovelace was a virtual prisoner who was coerced into making these films. I know some people will criticize this comment but I feel strongly that these types of films fuel the fire of hatred and further misogynistic feelings towards women. This society continues to portray women as sexual objects as opposed to human beings. We call ourselves "civilized" however I feel we have a long way to go before we can ever scratch the surface of being civilized.
critique6007 what a shame our first movie is so bad .............................. hi sham  what did you do in this movie:( . . it is awful! and the director :( .. there is no story in this film . i had sleep when i was watching this film .. It is a disappointment and the majority of the crew is not from Saudi Arabia. Supposed to be a comedy movie but it lacks the essential elements in Comedy <br /><br />I know it first experience of cinema in Saudi Arabia but I expect better from Kaif Al Hal !! The only positive in the movie is the presence of some talented actors who did not help much text to explode their talents Finally.. iwant to know your comment about this movie guys... is it bad or what?
critique6008 The Good Earth follows the life a slave girl and a poor farmer in China. The movie is based on the novel by Pearl S. Buck. The story is great but I hated that they decided to cast Anglos in the lead roles. Walter Connolly is laughable as the farmer's father. He has such a heavy American accent as do most of the lead actors that I could not bear listening to him speak.<br /><br />It is a shame that Hollywood could not get past their racist beliefs to cast Asians in the lead roles. To take Anglos and make them look like Chinese is akin to Anglos putting shoe polish on their faces to play African-Americans.
critique6009 I really really didn't expect this type of a film outside of America. How anyone can take the subject of sexually abusing children and turn it into a "thriller" is just sick. Auteuil (whom I had previously admired) going around like some sort of child-saving Rambo was ignorant and insulting to all the children being sexually exploited around the world.<br /><br />What's doubly depressing is that the stunning and ground-breaking film "Happiness" came out the year BEFORE this film. Menges and his cohorts should be ashamed of themselves. It's admirable to read some of the comments by the more intelligent viewers out there. They were able to see the shoddy and ridiculous handling of this topic. Those of you who think this is great cinema display a disgusting amount of ignorance and you need to watch "Happiness" to open your minds to the true horrors of pedophilia.<br /><br />Do you think your child is more likely to be kidnapped and sold into sexual slavery or be molested by a neighbor teacher friend or even a relative? Hmm...I wonder. If they are going to make a film about international child slavery of whatever kind they owe it to everyone to make it realistic and emotionally involving instead of this button-pushing crap. 1/10
critique6010 The man who gave us Splash Cocoon and Parenthood gave us this incoherent muddle of cliched characters poor plotting you've-got-to-be-kidding dialogue and melodramatic acting? I guess everybody has a bad day at the office now and then. He's allowed.
critique6011 Crude some times crass - to me that's the summation of Madhur Bhandarkar's latest work - Page 3. He has no point of view - just shallow funny digs at stereotypes. What is the movie about?? Is it about reporting a clan of people (so called Page 3 types) who are so busy socializing and progressing their profiles in life - that they have no time for anything else. And you are either in it or out of it. Is it that there is no press at all to report everyday incidents. Madhur Bhandarkar forgets that there is a main newspaper and Page 3 is just a supplement; perhaps an entertainer for checking out who's who and what's what. Don't mix the two. And then there is power play - that would happen in every walk of life. So what have you told at the end of it all - nothing - just a few crude jokes strung together in an otherwise direction less movie.
critique6012 His first movie after longtime friend John Belushi's death Aykroyd shows much fatigue trying to pull off a character that would have been a snap for Belushi.<br /><br />Instead "Doctor Detroit" gives us bookish professor Aykroyd masquerading as a weird violent pimp to ward off a rival known only as Mom. That's bad enough but he also has classes to teach a school dinner to host four ladies of the evening to protect and a Pimp's Dinner (or something like that) to attend. No wonder Aykroyd seems stupefied most of the time. Why should the viewer be alone?<br /><br />It was on this film that Aykroyd met future wife Donna Dixon. At least some good came out of this chaotic mess.<br /><br />One and a half stars. You want good Aykroyd see "The Blues Brothers". You want bad see "Doctor Detroit".
critique6013 This was the worst acted movie I've ever seen in my life. No really. I'm not kidding. All the "based on a true story/historical references" aside there's no excuse for such bad acting. It's a shame because as others have posted the sets & costumes were great.<br /><br />The sound track was typical "asian-style" music although I couldn't figure out where the "modern" love song came in when Fernando was lying in his bed thinking of Maria. I don't know who wrote & sang that beautiful song but it was as if suddenly Norah Jones was transported to the 1500s.<br /><br />The Hershey syrup blood in Phycho was more realistic than the ketchup spurted during the Kwik-n-EZ battle scenes.<br /><br />But the acting. Oh so painfully sad. Lines delivered like a bad junior high play. If Gary Stretch had donned a potato costume for the County 4H Fair he may have been more believable. Towards the end he sounded more like a Little Italy street thug. At times I half expected him to yell out "Adrian!" or even "You wanna piece of me?!".<br /><br />Favourite line: When the queen says to her lover (after barfing on the floor) "I'm going to have a baby." He responds "A child?" I expected her to retort "No jackass a chair leg! Duh."
critique6014 This flick reminded me of those lame "erotic thrillers" I used to stay up late and watch on Cinemax when I was 13. I'd label this flick softer-core since there is just no simulated bump and grinder. There is however a ton of nudity- the opening scene is in a strip club we see Kane Hodder's keester (or at least a stunt butt) and then an inexplicable 10 minute lesbian dance scene in the middle of the film and a nude female werewolf who looks like they mugged on of the Munster's for a costume. 13 year old boys rejoice.<br /><br />Other than that the werewolf transformation scenes have the worst CGI I've seen in years. The shots look like FMV's from the video game Resident Evil in terms of quality. The wolf is too bad to be explained and despite the poor quality of the suit is shown way way too many times.<br /><br />The plot and acting make no sense. There is some oddball back story about werewolves and hybrid-werewolves- the Darkwolf is the latter but from what I can tell hybrids do the same thing all werewolves do- look human change to a wolf an kill people. The Darkwolf is trying to find a mate but oddly can't find the mate but can sniff out anyone she touches. Once more this skills proves less than useful since the Darkwolf winds up killing several folks his target never touched met or even saw as best I can tell. The mate doesn't know she's a werewolf and she's fighting the transformation or something.<br /><br />You'd think it'd be hard to mess up a simple monster movie s bad as this but well they did. Want quality low-end werewolf-ism go rent Dog soldiers want a ton of T&A this is your flick.
critique6015 As many have detailed here with a level of seriousness that I find amusing this is *not*: <br /><br />A FILM. (cue dramatic music) <br /><br />It's just a so-bad-it's good totally surreal Jackie Chan stunt-for-all. The women fighters are totally kick-butt and Jackie is definitely put in his place. <br /><br />This is the movie you want to see with some good friends on a Sunday afternoon -- surrounded by munchies ready to roar with laughter cheer on the good guys boo the bad guys and continually yell "WHAT?" when something totally bizarre happens. Great fun!!
critique6016 I really like Kinski he is a great actor. I've seen this movie because I've heard that there are autobiographic aspects in this movie.<br /><br />The film is full of symbols like a piano sinking in a river or strange shadow-pictures at the walls. Then the narrator always says abstract sentences like: "A kid sells fortune but her box is empty now." This is really disturbing and wasn't really necessary because everyone understands what this movie is all about. The movie shows how Kinski's character treated woman and how he kept them under control. If there are really some aspects of Kinski's life in this story - then he really was an swine. So there is no need to watch this movie unless if you want to see Kinski naked or if you like sick trash movies to laugh about.
critique6017 This film truly was poor. I went to the theatre expecting something exciting and instead was afforded the opportunity to hone my "guess the next plot twist before it happens" skills. Seriously the plot was written with an extra thick crayon so everyone could see. Nothing was truly shocking. In fact even the gore was met with such complete suspension of belief that it really didn't add up to much.<br /><br />The excessive wise cracking and cops talking shop at the crime scenes made it seem all the more phony. And the scene where Lambert's character is struggling with the clues and reaches his "investigative epiphany" goes to great lengths to indicate the level of intellect expected from the audience - little.<br /><br />Probably the most annoying aspect of the cinematography was the "X-Files" treatment: Every building in the film whether it's the precinct building or a house at noon or a hospital was suffering from a lack of any discernible lighting (not to mention a lack of 'patients' in the case of the hospital). I don't recall a single scene when someone flipped on a light switch. It sure would have been nice.<br /><br />Mr. Lambert really isn't an Oscar-grade actor so I suppose you have to take this film for what it's worth. In the end I've reached the conclusion that the only thing that would make this film seem more entertaining is to watch it after watching "The Warriors". Otherwise you're left with an effort that is dull and unoriginal and nowhere near the equal of films of the genre such as "Silence of the Lambs".
critique6018 I am very diplomatic in my reviews and as an academic writer try to give creative license to TV writers trying to explicate a true story. This story about Karen Carpenter could have helped so many yet due to the directing and editing does not.<br /><br />The story in this case is not fully addressed unless one reads psychological journals. While Cynthia Gibb portrays a realistic Karen it is sad that so much has been edited...Louise Fletcher portrays her mother and does an excellent job with limited material and dialogue. In this case I give the actors credit for surviving this project.<br /><br />Why is the audience not permitted to see causation factors?....American audiences are quite savvy and if they have cable usually educated.<br /><br />I sincerely feel that I could have written a better story would not have edited out the truth and allowed the actors to project the reality.<br /><br />Richard Carpenter as director has seriously underestimated and insulted American audiences. Karen's story is important and it is sad we will never hear it.
critique6019 Let's be honest shall we? Al Gore no more TRULY cares about the environment than most folks care about contacting foot fungus. It's a hook! Make no mistake Al Gore is a POLITICIAN! Three years ago he was busted/ticketed in his home state doing 70 mph in a 55 mph zone driving NOT a hybrid a Yugo or even a GM Metro but a LINCOLN (go google it if you like)! Or how about the fact that Mr. Gore & his Hollywood buddies continue to use a private fuel-guzzling jets to attend the premiers of "An Inconvenient Truth." So much for conservation huh Al? Anyway it takes a mere minute to subjectively look at "An Inconvenient Truth" & discover the main fundamental flaw. While the film parades out many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the audience the EFFECTS of supposed "global Warming" there is not one scientist to tell us the supposed CAUSE of it. For example: I can take a hundred folks out to a parking lot & they can point out an automobile which is not running right. BUT can they tell you with any degree of certainty WHY? Generally not! A second flaw just how accurate were the weather instruments 100 years ago (the toilet wasn't even invented yet)? What did they have a June bug in a match box? Hell even 50-60 years ago? Therefore how do we know with ANY degree of certainty that the planet is "getting warmer" when the records of yesteryear are highly questionable at best? Or that man is THE sole cause of it? The answer is we don't & Science is NEVER a consensus. Thirty years ago Time Magazine did a cover proclaiming a "New Ice Age". The truth is that any 6th grade science teacher well versed in Earth Science will tell you that Volcanic Erruptions Solar Activity & El Ninos have more to do with our eradicate changes in climate conditions than supposed "Global Warming." Finally what Al Gore fails to adequately address is; even IF America decides to follow the global gospel according to Al & implement everything he recommends how are we going to get the rest of the world to follow suit when we can't even get them to agree on something so obvious as terrorism? Answer: It's wishful thinking Mr. Gore & you being a former VP of the USA know it! If the folks who produced "An Inconvenient Truth" were really honest they would have titled their film "Al Gore Wants Attention." But what I'd really like is for someone to ask the former VP this; why were two of the planet's biggest polluters (AKA China & India) EXEMPT from abiding by the Kyoto Accords? Anyway I hear the producers of A.I.T are working on their next film entitled "Gnomes Fairies & Elves: Our Endangered Friends."
critique6020 Words fail me.<br /><br />And that isn't common.<br /><br />Done properly this could have been great funny spoof B-movie sci-fi but sadly it was not to be. Rarely in the field of drama have so many competent actors struggled so vainly with such a dogs-breakfast of a script. I can only endorse the previous reviewer's comments - go clean the bathroom. In fact do ANYTHING except watch this film.<br /><br />Positives: Lucy Beeman's nose. Negatives: Everything else.<br /><br />Most apposite line: "This isn't going anywhere".<br /><br />If only every plastic surgeon could meet with such a fate.
critique6021 As an Army veteran I was deeply offended by this film. In my opinion it is a disgrace to those who fought in the Vietnam war. To say that the real SF soldiers I knew were offended by this crap is an understatement. If the film were presented as satire or even as a cartoon (it was) it would have been better received. But it was taken seriously my many people especially overseas. Silly as it sounds wherever I went in Europe in the late 80's people seemed to judge me and Americans in general by this film. Unrealistic? Hmm let's see. A monosyllabic muscle-bound cretin is pulled off a prison work gang to go on a secret mission to SE Asia to free some American POW's. In a running battle he kills about 500 enemy soldiers with an M-60 machine gun that never runs out of ammo and never overheats. And he never misses running with a 32lb gun held up with one arm. I could go on but I'm getting a headache. I gave this a 2/10 only because it's slightly better than Rambo III.
critique6022 Well. this was not a surprise. many people will tell you this is gory. but they are all talking "shiztz" this film is very slow.<br /><br />It starts off with some guy who makes a concoction to feel no pain he calls it "my son" there is some gory scenes but i found them kind of weak. you might as well skip 40 minutes of the movie and get to the eyeball scene which was surprisingly impressive and sickening. there is some really stupid scenes in this. and they dub over the hits and slaps with stupid fake slapping sound which makes me laugh! i would not recommend it. keep looking gore hounds.<br /><br />check this out if you want the like 20-10 minute ending scene which still is not that amazing and has a random scene of the guy trying to like rape his mum.. yeah its weird.
critique6023 I just watched this movie with a few friends they said I had to see it but from the beginning i knew it was going to go from bad to worse. So I can only give this movie a 1 because the effects that were used were so poorly used and thought out that anyone can see that there were no "real" ghosts. I feel the worst part was this so called "old haunted house" contained a whole bunch of new items and a few "convieniently placed items" I could have thought up effects that would have looked much better than a chair being flipped over by an unseen ghost (or should i say wire). Then later when they review the tape of the chair flipping it flips in a different way. Uh Oh thats a big continuity error. If this was a truly good movie then they would have caught that and all of the other "old house" items. This movie is like a rip off of house on haunted hill and the Blair witch project all rolled into one poorly thought out and assembled movie. I would be ashamed to put out something with that bad of acting effects and cheap video shots of the girls chests and how convenient the camera falls when something "paranormal" happens. This movie is an insult to people who are out there actually looking for ghosts and getting real ghost footage on tape.
critique6024 Unfortunately I think this is one of those films that if you or I took it to the studio and said 'can I make this great movie with my friends Mary Mungo and Midge from school?' the studio would have you kicked to death on the spot. However if a bunch of massive Hollywood names say 'look I fancy a jaunt to Italy with my mates how about it?' the studio writes a cheque.<br /><br />We kick off with the casino boss from Ocean's 11 tracking down the robbers who made off with his cash and then Brad Pitt is shagging Catherine Zeta Jones and then there's some monkeying about in Amsterdam and Italy and such and such and then it all ends somehow.<br /><br />The film does however include the most shameful moment of both Julia Roberts' and Bruce Willis' careers which is a cinematic gem. I nearly vomited in my lap and tore my eyes out when Julia Roberts playing Tess in the movie pretends to be (you guessed it) Julia Roberts! Bruce Willis stands about clearly wondering when he can leave and how much the cheque will be.<br /><br />Ah well to be fair I'd have done it for the cash so I suppose I can't really criticize the poor loves but I'm a penniless slob not a Hollywood legend. I guess what really annoys me about this film is not that it is boring and pointless and has a terrible story but that I think the actors probably all had good fun doing it! I think the actor's entire job is to project emotion outwards...I feel like I paid to go to the party but had to stand outside in the rain. Booo!<br /><br />Watch it if you like Como or fancy CZJ or something but otherwise go for a walk.
critique6025 A formulaic story with all the tired cliches. I was shocked that the horrible script became a movie! What a waste! How many ORIGINAL scripts are scattered around without being produced? <br /><br /> At the climax I could predict what will happen in every single shot.<br /><br /> Oh and don't even get me started about the idiotic sexual tension between the gorgeous female cop and the paralyzed cop who can barely move a finger. YEAH RIGHT. I CAN BUY THAT. What next? Fingers porn?
critique6026 Except for the Brady Variety Hour this was some of the hokiest television I've seen in a while. The video production qualities weren't too bad but the overall look and feel were unmistakeably early 80's. And Marie Osmond looks like she did battle with the Avon Lady.. and lost big time. WAY too much eyeliner.<br /><br />It was kind of embarrassing to watch veterans Danny Kaye and Eric Severeid take part in this. Even more interesting was watching Alex Haley talk about the African Pavillion in World Showcase that would be opening 'in about a year.'<br /><br />As of this writing it is 17 years later and it hasn't opened yet (Unless you count Disney's Animal Kingdom.) All in all though for all the shortcomings this still an interesting visual piece of Disney history.
critique6027 I rented the DVD in a video store as an alternative to reading the report. But it's pretty much just more terror-tainment.<br /><br />While the film may present some info from the report in the drama you're taking the word of the producers - there's no reference to the commission report anywhere in the film. Not one.<br /><br />The acting all around is pretty bad - pretty much all of the stereotypes of 'hot shot' bitchy foul mouthed government agents each thinking they know more than everyone else. There may be some truth to it but it really has a bad Hollywood stereotype smell to it.<br /><br />IMDb's user community ratings & comments tend to be more right than wrong and I have started to glance at the ratings before renting whenever I can.<br /><br />I wish I had on this one.
critique6028 This was not enjoyable to watch. Frank puts all his dreams on the back burner and gets a normal (boring!) job just so his stepson can go to film school but his stepson decides that he'll make a humiliating documentary about the man instead. A documentary filmmaker should point the camera and simply shoot not manipulate and comment with snide captions. The bitterness and resentment of the filmmaker towards his stepfather is obvious. And sad. The goal seems to be to make Frank appear dumb and pathetic instead he comes across as the most human of the 3 people featured.<br /><br />Essentially a smear campaign all dressed up as something much smarter and edgier than it really is. It left me with an intense dislike for the filmmaker.
critique6029 And the worst part is that it could have been good. But something horribly wrong. First thing first they should not have cast Amitabh Bachchan in this film at all. He is too much of an Icon to tackle such a delicate and controversial topic let alone the role itself. <br /><br />Secondly Ram Gopal Varma ought to be ashamed of himself for taking the classic story of Lolita and turning it into a pathetic predictable slut-fest. His Lolita is named Jia (played by newcomer Jiah Khan) and when we meet her she is devoid of any inkling of stolen innocence or that delicate naivety that one would normally associate with the complicated tale of the original Lolita who in the original story gradually becomes nymphet. Varma's Jia is already a whore with her eye on the prize even even before the camera meets her. And he exercises no chastity in the way his films his leading nymphet. From constant panning shots of her crotch to fixations on her vulgar gestures and mannerisms Mr. Varma makes sure he has left not one person in the audience less than uncomfortable with his voyeuristic pedophile camera angles. <br /><br />Oh and let's not talk about the non-existent chemistry between Jia and her so-called friend Ritu (Bachchan's character's daughter). These girls are supposed to be best friends yet look like worst enemies even before anything goes wrong between them. Nothing they do together is believable until they become enemies. Maybe Mr. Varma should have worked on that aspect of his script rather than focusing on destroying any credibility Amitabh Bachchan might have had left as an actor. <br /><br />The worst part of the movie is perhaps the subservient portrayal of the character of Bachchan's character's wife. Her role was so underwritten and ridiculously wooden that it's impossible to actually feel any pity or concern for her. I actually felt like reaching into the screen slapping her for not reacting like any normal woman would. Instead she just stood there looking Irritated and Helpless as I imagine much of the viewers of this film might feel after watching this train-wreck of a film. Watch at your own risk.
critique6030 Depressing black BLACK comedy about a woman (Mia Farrow) who flees her house on Christmas Eve when she discovers her husband (Tony Goldwyn) has hired a hit man to kill her. She ends up with a husband and wife (Scott Glenn and Mary-Louise Parker) and then things go wrong. Basically Farrow keeps running and is continuously meeting VERY strange people and getting into morbidly unfunny situations.<br /><br />This was advertised as a feel good movie when I saw it around Christmas time at its VERY short run in an art cinema. I found it sick unfunny and just depressing. I like black humor but this was WAY too dark for me. What happens to Parker's character especially was horrifying. To make matters worse Eileen Brennan is thrown in as a nun (!!!) later on and proceeds to chew the scenery with gusto.<br /><br />The only saving grace was Farrow's acting--it's much better than this picture deserves. Also it was a relief to see the very talented Stephen Dorff pop up at the end. The ending itself was kind of nice but it couldn't erase what had gone on before.<br /><br />Sick morbid pitch black "comedy". A 1
critique6031 This is indeed a spectacularly bad film but it is the rare kind of badness that is endlessly jaw-droppingly entertaining! I want to add to the other comments on this film.<br /><br />The "rock band" on the plane look like three skinny drunks from casual labor wearing bad wigs.<br /><br />Watch for the severe continuity problem with the kid's stuffed tiger: it turns into a lion a leopard and back again; it's filthy or clean depending on the shot.<br /><br />*SPOILER! The stuffed tiger turns into a real animal to save the kid (and the writers)!<br /><br />The sight of little Jimmy floating down the Amazon in a coffin clutching his stuffed tiger and squalling away will stick permanently in your memory. <br /><br />Listen for one of the most inept sound effects ever: late in the story when the priest is setting out to find Jimmy the guide demands his monk's robes as payment-the priest drops on one knee in a moment of resigned contemplation and there is the sound of a bell not the deep "BONNNNG" of a church bell but the "ding" of a bell from a boxing match!<br /><br />This is an absolute hoot to watch.
critique6032 The premise of this movie was decent enough but with sub par acting it was just bland and dull.<br /><br />SPOILERS The film does not work because of the nature of the death it was accidental so although it was a murder it wasn't like the guy set out to do it. Also through some flashbacks there is a secret that is revealed that sort of makes the events like justice to a degree. There is no emotion in this film. The first 20 minutes or so is just this woman calling her sister and hearing her message. It was dull and boring.<br /><br />With some polishing and better acting it could have been pretty good.
critique6033 Let's cut through everything in the first paragraph. "The Messengers" the newest film by the Pang Brothers (Danny and Oxide) as a horror movie is profoundly bad. And just as a movie in general is a big disappointment. It's nothing but a rewarmed "Sixth Sense" and as long as that picture is still available there is no reason on Earth to pay money to see this turkey.<br /><br />Lately horror/slasher films such as the "Final Destination" series "Wrong Turn" "Boogie Man" "The Ring 2" and "The Grudge" are becoming increasingly more reliant on big shocks with no payoff (for instance something jumps out at the person on screen elicits a gasp from the audience but turns out to be a cat or a crow or something.) Little goes into making it a genuine frightening experience like "The Sixth Sense" or "Signs" or some of the classic horror movies of the 1940s '50s and '60s.<br /><br />"The Messengers" relies upon the same old tired clichÃƒÂ©s as these newer far inferior films and is therefor old tired and - to my surprise - ended up as one of the most boring movies I have seen in awhile.<br /><br />The plot has another stupid family led by dad Roy (Dylan McDermott "The Practice") mom Denise (Penelope Ann Miller "Awakenings" "Kindergarten Cop" TV series "Desperate Housewives") big sis Jess (Kristen Stewart "Zathura: A Space Adventure") and toddler Ben (Evan Turner) who move to North Dakota from Chicago.<br /><br />The reason for the move is never really outlined here but it has something to do with the dad's inability to find work and Jess' drunken driving escapades. We know there will be trouble immediately because they move into a big Gothic house in the middle of nowhere; a domicile that looks like the Munster's summer home. Oh and the first five minutes of the movie show something really horrible happened there.<br /><br />Jess hates the place (hey who could blame her) but optimistic pop hopes to make a go out of raising sunflowers (despite the unusually large amount of crows fluttering about). But when he meets Burwell (John Corbet "Raising Helen" and looking like Kevin Costner in the film version of "My Name Is Earl") an itinerant drifter and expert on raising sunflowers things start to pick up.<br /><br />But then weird things begin to happen; Jess is terrorized by a violent unseen force in the house (of course no one else but the two-year-old Ben can see it so she's labeled a flake) and the crows keep hanging around. Ben also is able to detect the unearthly creatures but since he's two he cannot articulate it. Scene after scene of people telling the little boy to tell them what he sees finally had me wanting to yell to the screen "He can't tell you! He's two - freaking' - years old!" Yes have the only protagonist who can solve all of these things be a mute toddler is real smart. <br /><br />Anyway we're left to ponder the sanity of Jess; when and if Ben will ever properly describe the paranormal visions he sees; if dad will make the sunflower thing work; if the high plains drifter is a good guy or bad; what the point of the George Plimpton-looking Realtor is; how a pitchfork plunged in the back can only be a flesh wound; what mom's role in the family is; and where are all the crows coming from.<br /><br />All of this while waiting and wondering for something - anything - to happen. The conclusion is really lame as well and once again begs the question of how a spirit which has no physical body can cause harm to a living person. Very dull pointless and most terrible of all not frightening in the least.<br /><br />Oh and there are a lot of crows in this movie.
critique6034 OK me and a friend rented this a few days ago because we like to keep track of b-movies since we do them ourselves. Anyway the cover contained blood and weird looking naked girls with fangs and stuff... and Tom Savini! There is just no way this movie can fail! Right? wrong!! It just seems like such a waste! There was really no story the dialog was terrible (is anyone there? x 1000!!!) the characters were.. well they really lacked any kind of personality... The effects were terrible.. and whats up with these long artsy shots of scared people running around doing nothing.. with extreme closeups of eyes and stuff? We were sitting the whole movie waiting for something... anything to happen... but no... "oh here comes the nymphs! great! oh.. they're kissing... again... and now for the violence! OK... nothing really happens... again... oh now they run around... and the closeups of eyes... again... oh heres Tom Savini! Oh... he died... right... OK maybe now something cool or even interesting will happen.. no.. oh! Cool! a severed head! the end... oh crap.." And finally since i'm so full of myself.. i'll tell you this! Give me a van six actors a weird looking house Tom Savini a couple of naked girls with fangs and buckets of blood and i could make the coolest movie you've ever seen... I've made movies with zero budget in two days that has better effects better acting and a better script than this... what is this Johannes guy doing?? Making cool movies is easy!It could have been so great... I'm really upset!!
critique6035 Meet Peter Houseman rock star genetic professor at Virgina University. When he's not ballin' on the court he's blowing minds and dropping panties in his classroom lectures. Dr. Houseman is working on a serum that would allow the body to constantly regenerate cells allowing humans to become immortal. I'd want to be immortal too if I looked like Christian Bale and got the sweet female lovin that only VU can offer. An assortment of old and ugly university professors don't care for the popular Houseman and cut off funding for his project due to lack of results. This causes Peter to use himself as the guinea pig for his serum. Much to my amazement there are side effects and he get this metamorphoses! into something that is embedded into our genetic DNA that has been repressed for "millions of years". He also beds Dr. Mike's crush Sally after a whole day of knowing her. She has a son. His name is Tommy. He is an angry little boy.<br /><br />Metamorphosis isn't a terrible movie just not a well produced one. The whole time I watched this I couldn't get past the fact that this was filmed in 1989. The look and feel of the movie is late seventies quality at the latest. It does not help that it's packaged along with 1970's movies as Metamorphosis is part of mill creek entertainment's 50 chilling classics. There is basically no film quality difference whatsoever. The final five minutes are pure bad movie cheese that actually for me at least save the movie from a lower rating. Pay attention to the computer terminology such as "cromosonic anomaly". No wonder Peter's experiment failed. Your computer can't spell! This is worthy of a view followed by a trip to your local tavern.
critique6036 The movie was awful. The production company should be required to pay a fine for wasting electricity transmitting this nonsense.<br /><br />There were too many holes in the plot. Why would the DOJ send a killer out to assassinate a world leader? If they weren't the DOJ why would they send someone they thought would not do the job? To quote Butch Cassidy "Who are those guys?" Apparently the director does not know either because he never told us.<br /><br />The characters were unbelievable. They did not behave in any way that seemed to fit who they allegedly were. With the exception of the doctor none of the characters were particularly compelling or likeable.<br /><br />If you want to waste money on the electricity required to watch this movie feel free. Otherwise run the opposite direction.
critique6037 Oh my. Oh this is a *really* bad movie. The acting is absolutely atrocious the script is god-awful and the photography is simply dreadful.<br /><br />What does make this movie stand out however is that you never once care about a single soul-- good guy or bad guy living dying or dead-- in the entire 87 minutes. "Oh s/he died? Huh... Figured they would" was the best reaction I could muster after each murder. Characters are so black-or-white that with the volume turned off you could still figure out who was who. While the cast's voices had an odd monotone quality throughout their faces give the impression that you're looking at an old silent movie with a lot of eyebrow waggling exaggerated frowns and "pensive looks". Each character is a humorless passionless one-dimensional one-trick pony; once they fulfill whatever their particular role in this fiasco demanded their creation they are summarily dismissed.<br /><br />It vaguely made me think of what would happen if Thomas Borch Nielsen (director/writer of "Skyggen" American title: "Webmaster") decided to do a low-budget version of "American Psycho" and got kind of distracted along the way.<br /><br />This isn't a particularly gruesome movie; the cold passionless cast ensures that. It isn't an offensive movie; the director plays it so safe that no one could possibly find it so. It is simply and after all a bad movie.<br /><br />Avoid it. We were not so fortunate and actually paid to watch this bomb on Pay-per-View. As part of my penance I'm writing this review.<br /><br />Enough said.
critique6038 I hated it. I hate self-aware pretentious inanity that masquerades as art. This film is either stupidly inane or inanely stupid. After the first half hour I fastfowarded through the DVD version and saw the same juvenile shennanigans over and over and over. I became angered that I had spent hard-earned money for sophomoric clap-trap. Tinting drivel in sepia or blue does not make something a movie let alone art.
critique6039 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique6040 Lucille Ball tries to look 30 years younger than she actually was in this poor excuse for a musical.<br /><br />The movie features some of the worst choreography ever seen laced with the constant threat that Lucy might break into song with her bourbon voice at any moment. Lucy's total lack of talent as a singer and dancer sinks the film before it can begin and aside from die-hard Lucy fans no one is likely to fancy it very much. Bad costumes and cheesy set designs don't help. Further proof that Lucy wasn't good at anything except making stupid faces.<br /><br />Directed by Gene Saks.
critique6041 Perhaps I missed something but I found GOYA'S GHOSTS to be a tedious costume melodrama. As to the story it was trying to tell I found that a confusing mish-mash that went off in all directions. And perhaps it should have been made by a Spanish director with the appropriate languages subtitled rather than in unconvincingly accented English. I can't judge the historical veracity of the story but it seemed to move along with a similar "artist's model's tragic fate" plot line as GIRL WITH A PEARL EARRING. Was the movie a commentary on the religious injustices of the Inquisition false piety torture then and now or what???? I never seemed to be able to figure that one out. Natalie Portman's various characters also seemed ridiculously stereotypical. And ultimately the movie was crowned with the concluding melodrama of a disheveled Bardem's head and body hanging on the edge of cart heading off into the sunsetÃ‚Â…with Ines and Goya following along behindÃ‚Â…Ã‚Â…Ã‚Â…Can't Milos Forman do better than that?
critique6042 Between 1937 and 1939 Twentieth Century-Fox made a ton of Mr. Moto films. However towards the end of the series it was obvious that the studio had "jumped the shark" so to speak. This phrase indicates that a TV show has passed its prime and the executives in charge decided to invigorate the show by fundamentally changing the formula. For example with "The Brady Bunch" they introduced the annoying 'Cousin Oliver' and with "Family Ties" they introduced a freak baby who grew up six years in only one season! With the Moto films they'd jumped the shark by introducing comic relief because they thought that these intelligent films needed to be re-tooled. In the previous film Warren Hymer played an annoying wrestler. And in this film the character Archibald Featherstone appears. Featherstone might just be one of the most annoying examples of comic relief ever as you kept hoping someone (preferably Moto) would kill him just to shut him up!! Although he's supposed to work for the famed Scotland Yard he shows all the intelligence and acumen of a brain damaged turnip. Again and again his scenes were boorish and unnecessary and Peter Lorre just looks pained as he stands there and watches this buffoon "act". It's so bad that it truly destroys what COULD have been one of the better Moto films due to its clever plot.<br /><br />As for the plot the crown of the Queen of Sheba is discovered in the opening scene. Moto now more of an international policeman than the amoral character he originally was is on hand to protect the precious item from being stolen. In a great twist several thieves all try to steal the crown independently of each other.<br /><br />Overall the film is watchable but is also ample evidence that the Moto series should have ended here. With WWII approaching the films couldn't have survived much longer anyway as having a sympathetic Japanese leading character simply wouldn't have been accepted in the US or in allied countries.
critique6043 I'll say one thing for Herman USA: it will probably always play well to Minnesota audiences. I can't imagine that there's another place in the world where a reference to the fast life of Bemidji or a line like "I knew there was something wrong with Iowa guys" would bring down the house. I actually quite enjoyed the first hour or so. Basically a bunch of lonely country boys take out a personals ad and find their town beset with willing female suitors (is suitors a gender-specific word?). It ain't progressive to be sure but it's sorta charming in its own right. Pity that the filmmakers felt the need to tack on a contrived subplot about a conniving golddigger and her violent husband. Overall it's just too cloying for its own good but you've got to give some props to a film with the guts to give a guy with Kevin Chamberlin's build a nude love scene. I will always applaud the depiction of people who don't meet the usual standards of beauty as sexual caring human beings but that's not enough to redeem Herman USA. To paraphrase Jello Biafra it's nostalgia for an age that never existed.
critique6044 Was this movie stupid? Yup. Did this movie depth? Nope. Character development? Nope. Plot twists? Nope. This was simply a movie about a highly-fictionalized Springer show. It shows the lengths that some people will go to get their mugs on TV. Molly Hagan did a great job as Jaime Pressly's mom. Jaime is....well...GORGEOUS! This flick wasn't so much made to be a "breakthrough" movie rather it was intended to life in a trailer park (I live in a trailer park and ours is nothing like the one in this movie) where everyone sleeps with everyone else all the girls get pregnant by different guys and all the guys drive rusted-out '66 Ford pickups (exaggeration of course but that's the picture everyone sees when you mention "trailer park"). Some people over-analyze movies (case-in-point: Star Trek freaks). I watch movies purely for the entertainment value; not to point out that the girl is wearing a different shirt in a different scene (read the "Goofs" bit about Connie's shirt. Could it have been better? Sure. But it was funny as hell.
critique6045 Generally I don't do minus's and if this site could i would give this movie -3 out of 10 meaning I really hated this movie. I thought Uwe Boll's alone in the dark was the worst i've seen yet but at least i gave it a 2.5 out of 10 in my opinion(Stephen Dorff shooting at nothing made me laugh so i boosted the ratings a bit). Hell if it was if compared to bloodrayne Bloodrayne would win a Oscar for best movie if they were competing.<br /><br />Now to the plot this movie is about the BTK killer which is fine but they've could have done better. The start looked OK but that's it I had to fast forward most of it because the death's where boring. I like killer movies and even if they suck they could still get some cool deaths. I'm not a fancy movie expert but believe me he would have shot himself if did see this. Sorry for rambling but there's nothing good to say about it because it looks like someone took a camcorder and film this.. this.. thing of disaster. Uwe Boll your movies are no longer on my list of worst movies ever this took the cake.<br /><br />Well sorry i couldn't explain the plot(if there was one) but that was the best i could. Now if you don't mind i'm going to crawl into a corner and move back and forth and reminding me of how bad this movie scared me for life.... OK not for life
critique6046 I really don't know much about the Marquis de Sade not having read any of his book but I never imagined him as a flaming queen. Carson Kressley of Queer Eye For the Straight Guy or Jack from Will and Grace would have fit easily into the role that Nick Mancuso gave us.<br /><br />The movie itself was rather thin and seemed more of a parody - or an excuse to show the Paris whorehouse several times with men and women having a good time on the couches in the parlor. What? They can't afford a room? I did find it cute that the Madame (Irina Malysheva) felt she was doing her patriotic duty taking care of the soldier's needs.<br /><br />The movie was just an excuse to show a lot of breasts - and I mean a lot! Fans of Gimli (John Rhys-Davies) might be interested in seeing him in a different role as Inspector Marais.
critique6047 When The Spirits Within was released all you heard from Final Fantasy fans was how awful the movie was because it didn't seem like Final Fantasy. This is a different story for better or worse. The familiar settings characters music story and over the top action scenes should thrill fans of the original game. The problem is that it just isn't a good movie in its own right.<br /><br />The direction during the fight scenes is often sloppy switching camera angles ridiculously fast in an attempt to make the action seem more frenetic but only serving to make the scenes look jumbled and confusing.<br /><br />The CG itself is exceptional but I can't say it's the best I've ever seen since Spirits Within had much more detail on the characters although I must admit that Advent Children's characters moved much more naturally.<br /><br />The plot is virtually a black hole. It's a giant deus ex machina designed solely to bring Sephiroth back for one last fight. Old characters reappear but serve no real purpose other than to please fans. Character development is nonexistent and the film does nothing at all to resolve any of the plot threads left hanging after the game's end. But it's packed with neat-looking fight scenes with magic summons and limit breaks which is probably what fans wanted anyway.<br /><br />In the end Advent Children is a very flashy but totally brainless action flick that serves more as a side story for Final Fantasy VII than a real sequel.<br /><br />By the way don't think you're hurting my feelings by voting Not Useful. It just makes me feel superior knowing that fanboys/fangirls resent my objectivity so greatly.
critique6048 i came across this film on the net by fluke and i was horrified by its content of vivid abuse violence and torture scenes. it was a relief to know it was not real after reading the comments. what dangerously sick animals of a person make something like this and for what purpose goes beyond belief. i was even more shocked to see people appraising the film in the comments section of this site. this is a extremely disturbing film indeed which could change your life forever. the people behind this should be bought to justice asap. today they shown a girl getting raped and butchered on screen tomorrow it could be a child. even its fake or not its very very deathly disturbingnauseating indeed.
critique6049 This is without question one of the worst movies I have ever seen. However it is also one of the most unintentionally hilarious. I like to compare it to Plan 9 in that it can be so bad so awfulso dumb and such a waste of time that I find myself laughing out loud.<br /><br />One of my biggest problems with it is that it's a complete ripoff of Robin Hood and let be honest and say that I love Robin Hood with Errol Flynn and Robin Hood: Men in Tights. But let's face it from the forbidden love between Peck (who is definitely slumming it. Although in all fairness this was still a good few years before the masterpiece To Kill a Mockingbird) and the female character (who is so forgettable apparently that I have forgotten her name.) to the final scene where the good guys dress up as monks to fool the bad guys screams "ROBIN HOOD" all over it.<br /><br />However I don't think the film isn't worth seeing. On the contrary I think that this is one of the funniest movies I've seen in years even if it was unintentional.
critique6050 God I never felt so insulted in my whole life than with this crap. There are so many ways to describe this piece of crap that I think that if I said everything that came to mind I would get banned by this site.<br /><br />How do I begin? Well for one it doesn't take knowledge of the original series to know that this movie is a slap to the face of people who've seen it. The biggest butchering of a theme song ever made is here from a metal version to a freaking RAP VERSION what were they thinking? How does Underdog and a electronic-heavy musical style match? The story is so basic that I will do something I don't usually do and not even give a summary. Just think this: A dog gets superpowers fill in the rest. That's how predictable this movie is. And then comes the jokes....please kill me now. This style of humor that might not even get the kids laughing it's that bad well expect that punch line after the sneezing. That was slightly funny.<br /><br />But what surprises me the most is why Jason Lee(Ny Name Is Earl) Patrick Warburton(Emperor's New Groove) and Jim Belushi(According to Jim) are all here. In the shows/movies I mentioned the actors in my opinion do a good job and excluding Lee are the best actors in this movie but that says very little. The rest deserve Golden Rasberry nominations for this crap. I am very sad to see such good actors buried by this disaster.<br /><br />All in all this is just as bad as Doogal which I reviewed as well and again my head would explode if I saw anything worse than this.
critique6051 I had absolutely nothing to do the past weekend and tagged along with my friends to check out a movie...any movie. And since the only movie we'd not seen was Inspector Gadget we decided to go in for that.<br /><br />BIG MISTAKE. This is a movie that might appeal only to kids. Oh and it's not like I don't enjoy movies targeted at the younger audience. But this movie had absolutely nothing to hold my attention. If you have nothing to do at home go to sleep. Better than wasting hard-earned cash on this. Go check out the film if you're a kid or if you're a parent with a kid :)
critique6052 SCARECROWS seems to be a botched horror meets supernatural film. A group of thugs pull off a paramilitary-like robbery of the payroll at Camp Pendleton in California. They high-jack a cargo plane kidnapping the pilot and his daughter with demands to be flown to Mexico. Along the way one greedy robber decides to bailout with the money landing in a cornfield monitored by strange looking scarecrows. These aren't just any run-of-the-mill scarecrows...they can kill. The acting is no better than the horrible dialog. And the attempts at humor are not funny. Very low budget and shot entirely in the dark.<br /><br />The cast includes: Ted Vernon Michael David Simms Kristina Sanborn B.J. Turner Phil Zenderland and Victoria Christian.
critique6053 The version of this film I saw was titled 'Horror Rises from the Tomb'. The horror in question is a wicked Medieval magician played by Spanish horror legend Paul Naschy looking like he's playing Abanazer in a church hall panto. He rises from his tomb when a stupid descendant (I think he's a descendant as he's also played by Naschy)returns to his ancestral home and reunites the magician's head and body which had been separated by by the witchfinders who executed him in an attempt to stop him er rising from the tomb.<br /><br />Obviously once head and body are back together all hell breaks loose and lots of people die. Like all good magicians Abanazer here has a lovely assistant. This one's played by another Spanish horror great the beautiful Helga Line. Like practically every other woman in the film Line periodically gets her kit off. There's a LOT of nudity in this film and not just female - we even get to see Naschy's paunchy body which isn't a pretty sight I can tell you. Most of the film's sex angle is laughably gratuitous. There's one particularly funny scene where Naschy and Line discuss their evil plans and then suddenly decide to both have a grope of the nubile young blonde they've possessed.<br /><br />It's also pretty gory in places - notably a Herschell Gordon Lewis-esquire moment where Line plunges her hands into a man's chest to remove his heart.<br /><br />The best part of the film is the pretty effective zombies who turn up towards the end. They're quickly scared off by a fire though and don't bother coming back. Which is a shame. The scene where the zombies rise however is the film's most ludicrously inept moment. It all happens in long shot and we haven't really got a clue what's happening until we see some figures shambling on from the distance. There are several rubbish moments like this thanks largely to poor editing. When a labourer falls under the hypnotic spell of Naschy's head there's a big close up of his face that seems to last forever and serves no purpose whatsoever.<br /><br />All in all not a great horror film but entertaining enough. Of course the version I saw was a dubbed American version that had probably been chopped to pieces. For all I know the original Spanish version could be a masterpiece...
critique6054 I realise that the US Army was demoralised by 1971 but this film was unbelievable. It was supposed to be a training camp not the SS punishment battalion in a Sven Hassell novel. The writer must be a real Army hater. The psycho sergeant who kept beating the crap of people belonged in a prison cell and the useless Black top sergeant should have been sacked as well. These men were going overseas the receiving units would surely have wondered where all the unusable damaged recruits were coming from and an investigation would have ensued. The scene that blew it completely was the electrocution one. Farrell the alleged barrack room lawyer would have had the instructor over a barrel for issuing an illegal order ( to torture POWs in contravention to the Geneva Convention ) actual assault on an enlisted man sexual assault and conduct unbecoming an officer. Intead he just walks away. After this discipline brakes down into a madhouse level and the film becomes unwatchable. I don't know how it ended I went to bed.
critique6055 I live in Mexico City so I have to suffer throug the trailers for every piece of trash that comes out from all these stupid Mexican filmmakers. You want to admire a Mexican guy for making great films? Take a look at something by Guillermo del Toro (specially The Devil's Backbone) or maybe Alfonso CuarÃƒÂ³n (though I really don't like his films but I respect them).<br /><br />Mexican filmmakers often produce some of the most terrible utter trash ever (Por la Libre El Segundo Aire American Visa) but this is one of the lowest points in Mexican films ever. If you respect your brain please avoid this piece of **** at all costs. It would be more intelligent to watch some video of a wedding or to watch Britney's reality show. That's got more IQ than everyone in this 'film'.
critique6056 The filmmaker stayed true to the most accurate account of the story published in 1894 which includes an 1846 manuscript by Richard Williams Bell (son of John and Lucy Bell and younger brother of Betsy Bell) titled "Our Family Trouble." To knowledge this is the only eyewitness account ever penned. The filmmaker should be credited for accuracy but there is little to say about the production and acting quality. The acting was theatrical and the sound and picture quality was extremely poor. It appears that the filmmaker simply shot scenes of the reported events that took place without incorporating or weaving them into a flowing plot or story line. If you must know the story read about it its much more gripping and conclusive.
critique6057 ***SLIGHT SPOILERS***<br /><br />A hunchback 15-year-old boy kisses a very cute 15-year-old girl and eventually he has sex for the first time. After the act he lays in the bed with her not touching her. The next day he concludes that he does not like sex much and does not want to try it again for at least a few years.<br /><br />This is seemingly a fine opening for a teleplay about a boy discovering his homosexuality or perhaps a medical drama about a post-pubescent teen with a severe hormone deficiency.<br /><br />However as the plot develops what emerges is a story of a 15-year-old father who is supported and encouraged by his overbearing mother.<br /><br />At one point his mother preaches to her co-workers who are not as understanding as they might be "Every step of the way in this my son has been amazing... I have never been more proud of him..."<br /><br />The young father's older sister who otherwise is cold towards her brother begins to show pride in her sibling "You have been cool about this" as she gives him an encouraging warm hug.<br /><br />The 15-year-old father wants to be a father. He wants to be a parent.<br /><br />Why not? We see the "new" baby a few minutes after birth -- it appears to be a healthy happy 4-month-old infant. Just as babies were born on TV in the 1960's and 1970's.<br /><br />Once the young father is a parent he has found happiness. He insists he will be the one to change the dirty diaper. We see the 15-year-old father sincerely happy holding his baby while the teen's busy=body mother is peaking over his shoulder. Fade to black.
critique6058 How does this movie suck? As a fan of Michael Imperioli's work on The Sopranos I picked this up at Blockbuster based on his name and a story that sounded like it had promise. It still does but this movie doesn't fulfill it.<br /><br />Every turn of the story is entirely predictable; I kept looking for the Lifetime bug on the bottom right corner of the screen. It's all there: the noble woman coming out of hard times the guy failing to live up to his potential despite her best efforts the kid who gets stuck in the middle etc. etc. etc. The mysterious stranger's identity is what really made me want to throw stuff at the TV -- I would have been more satisfied with little Stuey waking up and realizing it was all a dream.<br /><br />The filmmakers may as well have had a "The moral of the story is..." bit before the credits since as another reviewer pointed out this thing really does roll like an afterschool special. Don't gamble don't drink don't do drugs stay with your wife spend time with your kids...come on how about a little nuance? How about some interesting bad guys? Writer/director A.W. Vidmer should be singled out for special notice: not only is the dialogue leaden the pacing (within dialogue and at either end of many scenes) makes this movie at least 45 minutes longer than it needs to be (and believe me it feels like longer). The talents of Imperioli Renee Faia and some of the supporting cast (Steve Schirripa natch) are the only things that keep this from a "1" rating. All of their good work is nearly offset though by the atrocious job of portraying the boy Stuey. Not sure if it was a casting mistake (hey -- it's a mob movie so let's cast someone from Blue's Clues who can't do anything but over-overact with a big fake grin...next let's cast the sullen brooding kid in the Disney flick) or just awful directing but those scenes are really painful to watch.<br /><br />I'd be interested in another filmmaker's take on this character and his story; it's a shame Imperioli has already been used up by this flick. Awful awful awful.
critique6059 Want to know the secret to making a slasher film set at a fitness center work? Just pad the film out with lovely ladies in super tight workout outfits and have them bump and grind the floor like they are at a gentleman's club. That's what the makers of this horrid slasher film did and that little gimmick kept me watching till the bitter end. This is the worst slasher film I have ever seen but every time I was ready to switch the channel they'd add another scene with the workout girls and I'd stay put. As a slasher film Killer Workout fails in every category I can think of. As a showcase for beautiful girls working out it is a success. Strong recommendation to avoid unless the thought of half the film being a big T&A show appeals to you.
critique6060 I have to agree with some of the other comments and even go a step further. <br /><br />Nothing about this film worked absolutely nothing. Delmar our central character makes the decision to become a surrogate mother in order to earn enough money to buy a restaurant but along the way fall for a wise ex-jailbird. At the same time her friend Hortense is trying to get her lawyer boyfriend to finally marry her. She also happens to be sleeping with Marlon who is desperately in love with her. Then there's Delmar's brother Jethro who gets involved with a former coke addict Missy who reveals she was sexually abused by her adopted father. On the sidelines we also have the eccentricmother who has an assortment of equally odd friends one of whom dies on the couch at the beginning of the film. So far so good but after introducing these characters and story lines addressing life death grief and love in the first half the film simply loses direction. <br /><br />If the writer had only selected one or two characters and allowed us to follow their stories maybe things would have been fine but equal screen time is given to all with the result that no one story or character is fully developed. For instance why does Delmar think she will be able to hand over her child in exchange for money especially when the prospective parents are a creepy bigoted lawyer and his semi alcoholic and depressed wife? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is a jerk and clearly doesn't love her? How is it Missy manages to kick her coke habit overnight? Is Jethro regularly drawn to women with overwhelming problems or is Missy the exception? Has Delmar and Jethro's mother always been on the eccentric side or is it a more recent development? Why is Jethro so keen on Cadillacs that he has one in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses spend years in prison for stealing a car a relatively minor crime? How does Delmar manage to end up giving birth to Moses' baby when there is no suggestion that they ever had sex? <br /><br />These questions are posed in the screenplay but sadly are never answered. I can only assume they were answered in the original novel and that is why the writer felt the need to include it all in the script. Big mistake. Losing several subplots especially the Hortense and Marlon story which adds nothing to the overall film would have tightened things considerably and allowed more time to develop the Delmar Jethro and Moses characters who are clearly more central to the plot and underlying themes than anyone else. <br /><br />Add to that the most pedestrian directing style seen outside of the average soap opera and the result is a huge missed opportunity for all including Jorja Fox who does her best to rise above the material. I'm not surprised that this appears to have been the director's last film as this effort shows no evidence of a visual style or ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
critique6061 Please Don't hate me but i have to be honest watching this movie i had a lot of fun<br /><br />It's a Movie with a Stupid Cast and Stupid Songs!!!<br /><br />Unnecessary songs!!! Mehbooba... A Total Insult to the Original One Holi.... well.. it was OK! due to the Tradition Every Movie got to have one!! Chad Raha hai Nasha Whatever... Very UNNEEDED stupid Song jee Le... Sounded like a Playboy Song Stupid Song...<br /><br />Other than Songs. The Movie was OK This was Ram Gopal Verma's Own Adaptation... If you think like that you will like this movie<br /><br />Well this movie only Depends on the Viewer and on his judgement whether he/she thinks this movie is total Copy He/She would want to hit her Head on the Cinema Seat OR if he/She Thinks of the Directors Own Look he/she would be relaxed and take a look at this movie<br /><br />Anyways I looked at both ways i would Congratulate and Abuse Ram Gopal for this Disaster that he made...<br /><br />Well Some other Things that bothered that The CAST was Incredibly Bad<br /><br />Amitabh Bachchan As Babban/Gabbar (Amitabh in his own Movie Remake Funny what was the Director Thinking) Ajay Devgan As Heero/Veeru(Bobby Deol Could have been Better) Prashant Raj As Raj/Jai(Abhishek was Meant for this role Despite doing a Special Appearance in the Mehbooba song) Sushmita Sen As Radha/Durga(Jaya Bachchan was Right Tabu was Right for this Role) Nisha Kothari As Ghungroo/Basanti(I think Esha Deol would have been Great) Mohanlal As Narishma/Thakur(Mohanlal Is So Cute....Oops Sorry hehehehe He Was OK I could not Think of anyone)<br /><br />The Movie would have Even FAIRED a LIttle if the Cast was OK<br /><br />I movie wasn't even exciting the movie was just OK  Just for watching<br /><br />The Overall Rating<br /><br />Direction... 8/10 I Got to him some credit Cinematography... 9/10 Script... 3/10 BAD Scripting Songs... 5/10 Unnecessary in the Movie could have been better Easy on the Ears on to be played in PC's and IPod's and Stuff Cast... 1/10<br /><br />Total ... 3/10<br /><br />Syed Shabbir Aly Naqvi from Pakistan
critique6062 I saw this move several years ago at the Central Florida Film Festival if I recall. I liked it it showed great potential. I guess most people here are blasting this film because the film did seem hobbled together (by the filmmaker's own admission on the official site -- the short was exhibited as a "rough-cut").<br /><br />But nonetheless it was an easy-going comedy. I think many people try to read far too much into a comedy. All they are supposed to do is make you laugh -- that's all. I did just that at its showing so it succeeded on that level. Just my 2 Cents Anyway.
critique6063 A young couple decides to runaway to sunny California. They never reach their destination as they decide to pull over at the Rest Stop.<br /><br />After a fight with her boyfriend Nicole Carrow insists on pulling in to a rest stop. When she is ready to leave she exits the bathroom to find her boyfriend has disappeared with their car leaving her trapped on the back roads of Texas with only an abandoned camper van to keep her company.<br /><br />Rest Stop is one of those cheap and tacky horror movies that could become a cult classic. Will Rest Stop become a cult classic you may ask? Well the three elements that you need to become a cult classic are gore sex and artistic merit. Rest stop has bucket loads of gore and while I do not want to give too much away it contains oodles of blood-soaked nastiness. This movie has everything from the bad guy running over a cop's legs with his car several times to him making use of a pneumatic drill on a girl's leg. At times it can be about as bloody as a film can get. It also has a gratuitous and yet somehow quite intimate love scene in the opening minutes of the film. Therefore the sex is covered. Now the hard one Ã‚Â– does it have any artistic merit? You never get to see the bad guy's face Ã‚Â– you see glimpses profiles shadowy silhouettes. He is a faceless relentless monster which alone scores highly on the artistic merit scale. The movie has very few characters in it apart from the main protagonist Ã‚Â– Nicole Carrow (Jaimie Alexander). Since she spends a large part of the film on her own she cannot reveal her thoughts in the course of a conversation but must speak them aloud so that we the audience know what she is thinking. At times this can be slightly irritating; however it is a brave step by the writer (John Shiban) and it does work for the majority of the film. As an audience knows being completely alone and isolated from civilisation is frightening enough even when you are not being chased by psychotic killers.<br /><br />So will Rest Stop become a cult classic? It probably will because along the gore sex and arguable artistic merit it also has plenty of chills an interesting and inventive plot and gives rise to a lot of shouting at the screen as the main character does plenty of things you should definitely not do when running from a psychotic killer. (What fun are horror movies if you cannot complain about the stupidity of the victims?)
critique6064 SLASHERS (2 outta 5 stars)<br /><br />Not really a very good movie... but I did like the idea behind it... and the the filmmakers did make it look pretty good considering the tiny budget they had to work with. The movie is ostensibly an "episode" of a live Japanese reality show that sends several contestants into a sealed off "danger zone" and has three costumed creeps sent after to them to kill them. The survivor if there is one wins fame and fortune... everyone else just winds up dead. The main drawback to this movie is that the acting is pretty bad. None of the "real" people seem real at all. The actors playing the killers are kind of fun... because they are portraying cheesy and over-the-top caricatures of popular modern horror movie types... and that's exactly how they would be done if this was an actual show. The movie pretends to be done all in one take... there is one cameraman who follows the contestants around the "danger zone" and everything is seen from the point of view of his camera... but the lights keep flickering on and off constantly (to hide the "cuts" from one take to another I would imagine).
critique6065 I had high hopes for this film since it has Charlton Heston and Jack Palance. But those hopes came crashing to earth in the first 20 minutes or so. Palance was ridiculous. Not even Heston's acting or Annabel Schofield's beauty (or brief nude scenes) could save this film. Some of the space effects were quite good but others were cheesy. The plot was ludicrous. Even sci-fi fans should skip this one. Grade F
critique6066 The Education of Little Tree is just not as good as it could have been. Little Tree's education is about things like the circle of life and how you should look at a star to help you. Whatever happened to the three R's? Readin' 'Ritin' and 'Rithmetic? When the idiot back talks the teacher at the boarding school place he starts crying and talking to the sky. Oh my gosh. Sure the lady was a little harsh but then James Cromwell's character comes and takes him away leaving the audience thinking that Little Tree was absolutely right. He should learn to adapt to new discipline. Those were the times! Talking to a star is not going to change a thing! Little Tree needs to learn that his adoring guardians are not always right.
critique6067 The Hazing is confused mumbo-jumbo that wants so hard to be The Evil Dead that it even references Bruce Campbell several times. The problem is it is simply not in the same league as that terrific movie. This movie is nowhere near as original. The plot has been used before by Kevin Tenney in Night of the Demons and that was a lot more fun. This flick wastes too much time with complicated exposition before getting the kids into the spooky mansion and starting the demonic happenings.<br /><br />Brad Dourif is as usual not given much to do here but when he is on screen he puts in another over-the-top performance that would make Christopher Walken jealous. As for the acting of the kids it's passable but by no means good. The shaky camera work is more annoying than clever or atmospheric. There are a few good moments when the first guy gets possessed and throws around some deadly one liners while dispatching his victims but it was never scary for a second. The gore level is mid-range to low but the director tries to make up for it by showing the actresses topless a few times. All in all just okay if you have 87 minutes to waste.
critique6068 Somehow this documentary about Miles manages to include very little music and no complete tunes. Though Miles appears in the film 95% of the interviews are other folks not Miles. There are huge chronological gaps many aspects of his life (his childhood prodigy his drug addiction) are skipped or glossed over and you'll learn little about what made the man and his contribution to music so groundbreaking. Skip it.
critique6069 This is a direct sequel to 'The Mummy's Hand' (1940) because the lead character Stephen Banning (played by Dick Foran) is now thirty years older and is relating the story (with the help of archival footage) to his son's fiancÃƒÂ©. There are only two unusual aspects to the film: the early death of Banning and the presence of Turhan Bey.<br /><br />Lon Chaney as the mummy Kharis gets top billing though given the nature of his role he has little more to do than limp along or thrash his arms about. There's nothing scary about his presence except for his attempt to carry off the fiancÃƒÂ© Isobel (Elyse Knox). Dick Foran gets second billing but he's killed off within the first fifteen minutes! We'd have to wait until 'Psycho' (1960) when a lead character (Janet Leigh) dies way before the end of the movie! Banning's buddy from the first film Babe Jenson (now Henson) shows up a little later looking much much older and not doing any of the comic shtick he did in the original. It's hard to believe it's the same actor! Unfortunately this great acting job is wasted because he gets killed by Kharis after only two brief scenes. It's then left up to Banning's son John (played by bit player John Hubbard) to led the chase to the cemetery--NO! The sheriff leads a torch wielding mob to Banning's house to burn it down and kill the mummy. Sound Universally familiar? <br /><br />Turhan Bey is introduced to audiences as the new High Priest Mehmet Bey to care for and feed tana leaves to Kharis. With his 'exotic' voice and appearance it's too bad he gets so easily killed. A better movie would have had 'Babe' take Von Helsing type charge of things in tracking down the mummy with a final decisive battle with him and Mehmet Bay. But instead we have a pedestrian rehash of different set pieces from previous Universal horror films put together by the hack Griffin Jay who wrote many of Universal's other clunkers although he also did 'Don Winslow of the Navy' (1942) as well as 'Don Winslow of the Coast Guard' (1943) which also featured Elyse Knox.<br /><br />Elyse Knox played Anne Howe in six Joe Palooka movies (1946-1949) and of course Turhan Bey with 43 movie and TV credits is great in the title role of 'The Amazing Dr. X' (1948).<br /><br />The cinematography is much darker and more atmospheric (with lots of noirish shadows in the sheriff's office) than the first 'Kharis' mummy film but there's little else of interest or excitement.<br /><br />I'll give it a 3.
critique6070 Even though i sat and watched the whole thingi must say it was not good.it was all over the placewith big chunks of information missing about how things developed and even inaccurate at some bits too.If you know nothing about Michael  you wont understand a thing.You have to rely on your current knowledge of the man in order for some bits to make sense..Acting was a bit dramatic Flex Alexander looked nothing like Michael which was a put off for me and towards the end he literally looked grey.saying that portraying Michael as somewhat naive but highly positive gentle and loving individual was okay even though they still made a fool out of him time to time.If you want to watch MJ's life story check out "An American dream". It is much better but the only thing is it will cover up to "Bad" era. I have no doubt that they will eventually make a big budget movie of MJ's life story cos Michael You rock ;-) !!!!
critique6071 As with most of the reviewers I saw this on Starz! OnDemand. After watching the preview with my girlfriend she decided not to watch it from how bad the preview watched. I on the other hand thought it looked weird enough to warrant a watching. I mean the design of Dr. Meso alone warranted at least a brief sweep over this title. After watching it I can say that while there are some interesting aspects to it (namely the browsing over the notebooks and trying to figure out the incomprehensible story) it's best to pass over this one.<br /><br />*Major Spoilers Ahead* After making their first video for their as-yet-unfinished CD the lead singer Cassidy kills herself in an attempt to get her boyfriend Neil to notice her. 3 months later the band is trying to decide if they're going to finish the album or not. To try and see what Cassidy would have wanted they go to see an old psychic friend of hers Dr. Meso and try to contact her through him. In his card reading Dr. Meso turns up four straight Death cards for the four remaining band members. Bad times are ahead. (I just wanted to make a point that later in the film they do explain that the Death card really just represents change. Kudos to them on that at least.) Even without the approval of their deceased friend they decide to go ahead and finish the album. But while in the bathroom Cassidy's best-friend Dora catches a glimpse of her deceased friend. When another band-mate goes in to check on her Dora is standing in the dark requesting his sunglasses. That's when the killing begins.<br /><br />My main problem with the film from the very get-go is that it seems to be heavy stylized to a fault. Too many warping effects unnecessary zooms and a plethora of other cheap effects riddle this film. An incoherent storyline doesn't help anything either. While the narrative hangs together for the first part once Cassidy is resurrected everything falls apart. We have jump-cuts between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who mysteriously was able to get into a locked building) which show they are connected in some way or another. However within a few minutes of that revelation we find that Cassidy really is an independent being from Meso. She then turns on the guy who had been helping her revenge and he scurries away in a way that calls to mind Jack Nicholson as The Joker. But not in a good way.<br /><br />From this point on the whereabouts of Cassidy are shown but there are strange lapses as character moves from place to place almost out of sequence. One scene we see Cassidy standing at a desk when a character enters in the next she's nowhere to be found. As he moves behind the desk we see her at the end of a hallway. Then in another room grabbing the keys (which Neil already has) then back again. Not to mention that from one moment to the next Cassidy's mood seems to go a complete 180 without a catalyst to it. One moment she wants to kill everyone (although she's only wounded 90% of the characters) - the next she's apologizing to everyone and walks out the door to die again. Sound confusing? That's because it is. It's a jumbled mess that I'm sure the writer couldn't even figure out.<br /><br />As for the performances most are particularly wooden. Some though are interesting but overall this isn't a piece that would be known for it's acting. The story is the driving force behind this piece.
critique6072 This movie was not only disappointing to the horror/suspense film lover it was disappointing to anyone who sees it. WoW. I thought that this film might be funny because the guy with the huge head. However it was filled with long and drawn out conversation that wasn't needed. There was so much sex that I hate women and men now. This film was not only boring but there was no substance. Wow. Wow. On to of all this each scene looks like it was light from a single light bulb and I think they used the same set for two different lawyers a restaurant and an airport. This movie is not for the movie lover who loves bad movies because in the end it feels likes wasted time. See the movie!<br /><br />-party
critique6073 Loving the Andersen fairy tails as a child and recently having seen some intriguing documentaries on this odd though brilliant author I eagerly looked forward to see this made-for-TV film. Unfortunately the experience was nothing but a disappointment leaving me in anger and confusion. First of all the story/script is filled with inaccuracies and downright fantasies and in this way creating almost a completely new story while shamefully abusing Andersen's fairy tales presumably in order to sell the crap to suckers like me. Secondly pretty-boy actor (really... ever seen a picture of the real Andersen?) Kieran Brew manages to portray Hans Christian as mentally retarded rather than the brilliant though very disturbed character he indeed was. Though annoying and irritating like Andersen Brew is missing the required charisma to create any feelings of compassion what so ever. Thirdly. The love story between Andersen and the fictional Jetta (whom actually should be Henriette the wife of Edvard Collin)... Why? This man has lived such an interesting life it should be enough as a foundation to a great movie!<br /><br />I could continue this to be a very long list but feel it safest to simply recommend all of you to spend your time and money on something else instead.
critique6074 I was very disappointed with this series. It had lots of cool graphics and that's about it. The level of detail it went into was minimal and I always got the feeling the audience was being patronized -- there was a lot of what seemed to me as "This is extremely cool but we're not going to explain it in further detail because you won't get it anyway. Let's just show you some pretty pictures to entertain you." The host would drop interesting-sounding words such as "sparticles" and "super-symmetry" without any attempt at explaining what it was. We had to look it up on Wikipedia.<br /><br />Furthermore I know quite a bit about superstrings (for a layman) and I found their explanations were convoluted and could have been so much better. They could have chosen MUCH better examples to explain concepts but instead the examples they used were confusing and further obscured the subject.<br /><br />Additionally I got so sick of the repetitiveness. They could easily have condensed the series into one episode if they had cut out all the repetition. They must have shown the clips of the Quantum CafÃƒÂ© about 8 times. The host kept saying the same things over and over and over again. I can't remember how many times he said "The universe is made out of tiny little vibrating strings." It's like they were trying to brainwash us into just accepting "superstrings are the best thing since sliced bread."<br /><br />Finally the show ended off with an unpleasant sense of a "competition" between Fermilab and CERN clearly biased towards Fermilab. This is supposed to be an educational program about quantum physics not about whether the US is better than Europe or vice versa! I also felt that was part of the patronizing -- "Audiences need to see some conflict to remain interested." Please. Give me a little more credit than that.<br /><br />Overall 2 thumbs down :-(
critique6075 Images are great and reflect well the landscapes of Canada. The story was on the other side quite boring; To my eyes it was a love story in the woods just like Titanic was a love story on a boat. I did not feel that Grey Owl was great environmentalist. I usually like Lord Attenborough but this one was ... bad.
critique6076 Unlike endemol USA's two other current game shows (Deal Or No Deal and 1 vs. 100) the pacing in this show is way too slow for what is happening on the screen.<br /><br />DOND and 1 vs. 100 can get away with slow pacing because the games can change pace--or end--at any moment. There is risk involved in every action the player takes the rewards are wildly variable and it is difficult for the players to leave with a significant amount of money. Suspense is usually put to good use.<br /><br />Show Me The Money on the other hand is just too slow-paced. When a question is revealed and it is obvious that the player knows the correct answer you can rest assured that absolutely nothing exciting will happen in the next few minutes. It would greatly help the pace of this show to reveal the correct answer FIRST and THEN have the player select a dancer instead of Shat wasting time talking about what will happen if the player gets an answer wrong when we all know they're right. The random dancing is filler that actually feels like filler. Too much time is wasted while not enough is happening... and the fact that players cannot choose to quit the game early guarantees that there WILL be a lot of time wasted.<br /><br />Oh and I have NO interest in watching Shat shake his groove thang especially right after I've eaten dinner.<br /><br />I am a lifelong game show fan but even I had a lot of trouble sitting through an hour of this. It either needs major changes or early retirement.
critique6077 Its unfortunate that someone decided to spin off on the best horror movies of all time in my book. This poor copy steals lots of material from the first three films going as far as even copying how persons die and what will happen in the future to the key characters and it basically tries to cram in three films into one and fails. It fails even to create a good scary atmosphere for one (except with the odd exception where the impressive choral music brings back memories of the old films).<br /><br />The only thing we can be thankful for is that there has not been an Omen V.
critique6078 If I didn't know any better I would have thought Resurrection was made in the late 80's/early 90's when crap sold as film in Hollywood.<br /><br />I don't understand why people like Christopher Lambert. He speaks like he's reading off of cue cards and turns into a fountain whenever he has to emote. He was easily the movie's weakest aspect. The other actors were OK nothing horrible.<br /><br />It's easy to see where the majority of the budget went: the special effects. The killings look pretty professional but hardly make up for the film's dullness.<br /><br />I wouldn't go as far as to say Resurrection is a carbon copy of Se7en but it certainly bears a certain resemblance to it. Centering on a religious-minded murderer on a modern crusade the detectives investigating his work have to rely on Bible passages and Christian history to piece together the killer's puzzle. Resurrection however is bereft of Se7en's clever storytelling cinematography acting...well everything that makes it good. Instead Resurrection lies to the audience and uses the Scooby Doo method of mystery to surprise it.<br /><br />In conclusion Resurrection was about as bad as I expected it to be. I almost feel bad for criticizing this movie since I knew it would be bad going in but...sue me.
critique6079 This movie was a complete waste of time. The soundtrack was bad story was lame and predictable and the acting was terrible. One of the worst 25 movies I have ever seen. After the first ten minutes the rest of the film was completely obvious.
critique6080 Usually I love Lesbian movies even when they are not very good. I'm biased I guess! <br /><br />But this one is just the pits. Yes the scenery and the buildings are beautiful and there is a brief but beautiful erotic interlude but otherwise this movie is just a complete waste of time. Annamarie alternates between sulking and getting high/stoned/passing out on whatever drug or booze is handy and Ella inexplicably puts up with this abominable behavior through the entire movie. At no time are we given any insight into why this is so or even why Annamarie is so depressed and withdrawn.<br /><br />If there had at least been some kind of closure in the (potentially romantic? we don't even know!) relationship between the two there might have been some kind of satisfaction. But although Annamarie at one point asks Ella "why do you love me?" Ella doesn't even acknowledge this. It's never really clear whether this is anything more than an (ill-behaved) Lesbian on a boring road trip with a straight woman.<br /><br />Even the interactions between the two women and the local people they meet on the journey which could have been lively and informative are instead flat tedious and mostly incomprehensible.<br /><br />There is one good joke in the movie although I'm sure it was unintentional. The women travel in a two-seat Ford coupe with a middling sized trunk. Yet when they set up camp they have an enormous tent cots sleeping gear and even a table chair and typewriter! On top of that when they board a ferry we see piles of luggage presumably theirs presumably also carried in the little Ford's trunk! <br /><br />And through the entire film we never see one gas station or anywhere that looks like it would actually have any place to buy gasoline. Mostly they travel through endless miles of desolate desert. So where did they get fuel?<br /><br />There may not be too many Lesbian films out there good or bad but there are plenty that are better than this and very few that are worse. Leave this one in the rack.
critique6081 I only wish there was a grade lower than F to give it! i scored it a 1 in the vote tally.I am grading this not even as a regular filmbut as a T&A filmand this is the worstlamestcrappiest and most awful movie i've seen.the actingstory and music are all terriblenot to mention there isn't even any nudity for the T&A connisuer.it's about a male cheerleader and the viewer is made to sit through many painful scenes of him doing cheers.avoid this piece of trash at all cost! this is the worst of bad 80's teen cinema.
critique6082 The final installment in the Karate Kid series is predictable poorly acted and so bad it borders on the enjoyable. But not quite it's just bad. In this installment Ralph Macchio's Karate Kid is absent already having been in one too many of the episodes. The new Kid played by Hillary Swank is the teenage granddaughter of one of Mr. Miyogi's WWII buddies. Her parents are recently deceased and her grandmother is unsuccessfully trying to raise this young hellion. In steps Mr. Miyogi to set things right. True to formula there is a group of neo-Fascist bullies called the Alpha Troopers that must be put in their place and a new karate move called the Praying Mantis. As I said before this movie is a mess and should be avoided.
critique6083 Nothing happens.<br /><br />Then characters with no personality don't develop.<br /><br />Then the end never comes because there's no beginning and no middle.<br /><br />There are beautiful shots that are made not beautiful because they aren't even allowed to be because this movie isn't even THERE. There's no "is" in this movie because there's no plot or characters or themes or ideas or symbolism or discussion or dialog or point. There's nothing! <br /><br />There is a good point: it has a good soundtrack. But the sound editing is such and the movie proper is such that watching it isn't even worth your time so if you're really interested I'd suggest going and buying the soundtrack or something. You'll get everything you can from this movie without all the fatigue headache and impatience.<br /><br />--PolarisDiB
critique6084 If the scale went negative I would be happier. Seeing Sushmita Sen was nice and Nisha Kothari has a bright future but the producer and the director ruined any and all enjoyment in this story. The choice of angles choice of lighting and well everything distracted from trying to remember what is the story. Oh if the songs and dances haven't caused you to rip your ears off your head first. The film could have been made twice at 1.25 hours and been pretty good kinda like "Seven Samurai" but the director and writer didn't go that direction even if the "townsfolk" finally find their backbone and want to help. This movie fails on so many levels: editing writing photography angles style lighting script - name any aspect of this film - it was BAD - probably the food from the caterer was bad too. I have never in 6 years of watching Indian (Bollywood) movies seen something this badly made.
critique6085 Trash/bad movies usually ain't bad because I will find them enjoyable. This one is so bad that I am out of words to describe it - its below "bad". There is an instruction in the beginning of the film that tell you what to do during the movie. Needless to say the instruction and a dozen of beer couldn't help me seat through the entire film. One tagliner compares this one to KILLBILL which is certainly unthinkable and an insult to our intelligent. Obviously. this tagliner had a plan to tempt you into buying this DVD.<br /><br />If you are considering renting this one put it down! If you are thinking of buying Dont think! If you unlucky to have this dvd dont play it throw it in trash bin immediately.
critique6086 This movie started out with some semblance of a plot then abandoned it for an endless series of random characters and encounters that have nothing to do with moving the story forward. It was impossible to remain engaged with this film. This movie is a very cynical pile of garbage made by some people with animation skills but totally lacking in creativity or storytelling ability. It is a shockingly bad effort coming from a major studio. Clearly there are morale and motivation problems at Disney not to mention a complete lack of oversight and quality control. That management allowed this movie to see the light of day speaks volumes about their incompetence and desperation. This movie joins my very short "worst movies of all time" list.
critique6087 *some possible spoilers*<br /><br />Of course this film could not be expected to be as good as the original remakes rarely are. But this remake of one of Hitchcock's greatest films Psycho could have been a lot better. <br /><br />First of all whoever cast the movie must have been psycho. I mean Vince Vaughn as Norman Bates! What where they thinking?! Unlike the "harmless" almost childlike Bates that Anthony Perkins was able to portray Vaughn looks like he would could be a murderer. In efforts to make his Bates seem innocent Vaughn ends up acting gay. Many of the other actors didn't seem to fit their parts either including Julianne Moore who just didn't seem to fit in the film. <br /><br />On top of the atrocious casting the cinematography is notably shabby despite the fact that they remade the film scene for scene. The one thing they added were random shots of object such as clouds or a nude woman in between the shots of characters being murdered. These shots seemed to be irrelevant to the plot in anyway and in turn made no sense.<br /><br />Overall this Psycho remake which could been a decent picture instead turned out to be a complete waste of time.
critique6088 An anonymous film which could have been directed by anyone at all.Where is Anthony Mannthe director of such classics as "El Cid" " the naked spur" or "the man from Laramie"?<br /><br />There are marvelous shots of planes in the cloudslovingly filmed.The story is very trite and almost completely devoid of dramatization.The couple lives an almost routine life and the user who complains about June Allyson's choice for the wife IMHOtotally misses the point.With her less-than-attractive lookher hoarse voiceshe was the perfect housewife the screenplay needed.At the timewomen were barefoot and pregnant:there 's not one single woman among the base staffeven in the desk jobs -.All they had to do was worrying about their hubbies who were fighting for democracy and against an Enemy whose name we never hear but in 1955it was not hard to guess it.<br /><br />One wonders why a young person who has never seen a Mann movie should choose this one among all the great movies he made.
critique6089 A long time ago way back in the early '80s a late-night TV show "Fridays" came to ABC trying to steal the limelight away from NBC's badly-listing "Saturday Night Live". It didn't but it did introduce some repugnant sketches and semi-talented "comedians" to the world. Like Mark Blankenfield for example.<br /><br />Which in a roundabout way brings us to "Jekyll and Hyde... Together Again". Which is repugnant in ways all its own.<br /><br />Blankenfield is about as subtle as a pew full of whoopee cushions going off after Communion. And about as tasteful too. This is just his drugged-out druggist character he played on the ill-fated "Fridays" show stretched out to feature length. And if you didn't like him there why are you reading this review?<br /><br />Any time it takes more than one or two writers to write a movie that's a bad sign. Then when it goes for dunder-headed jokes that would get you thrown off every improv stage in the Western hemisphere and replaces gags with gross-out things can only get worse.<br /><br />A comic take on a Robert Louis Stevenson story? About as good an idea as making a sitcom out of Poe's "Fall of the House of Usher".<br /><br />Aside from a few (VERY few) gags that give a slight grin this whole film is an exercise in waste - wasted actors wasted film wasted opportunities.<br /><br />No wonder they showed original author Stevenson turning in his grave. What more observant a review could they give themselves?<br /><br />No stars. No not even for Armstrong who should have known better. <br /><br />"Hyde" from this one.
critique6090 This bogus journey never comes close to matching the wit and craziness of the excellent adventure these guys took in their first movie. This installment tries to veer away from its prequel to capture some new blood out of the joke but it takes a wrong turn and journeys nowhere interesting or funny.<br /><br />There's almost a half-hour wasted on showing the guys doing a rock concert (and lots of people watching on "free TV"--since when does that happen?) Surely the script writer could have done something more creative; look at how all the random elements of the first movie were neatly tied up together by a converging them at the science presentation. Not in this film which pretty much ended the Bill & Ted franchise. The joke was over.<br /><br />The Grim Reaper is tossed into the mix for whatever reason. This infusion like the whole plot is done poorly and lacks sparks for comedy or audience involvement. There's a ZZ Top impression hammered in for no reason. There's lights smoke mirrors noise. But nothing really creative or funny.<br /><br />Skip this bogus thing.
critique6091 I feel like I've been had the con is on don't fall for it. After reading glowing reviews (the Director was a film reviewer with Sky for years so must have a lot of mates in the press ready to do him a favour by writing favorable reviews) I expected solid acting atmosphere suspense strong characterization an intriguing plot development and poetic moments. Sadly 'Sixteen years of Alcohol' doesn't deliver on the critics promises for the most part sacrifices these qualities in lieu of cheesy low budget special effects (what was that clichÃƒÂ©d cobweb scene in there for?) unrealistic fight choreography and mindless mind numbing narration clichÃƒÂ© edits and camera angles.<br /><br />'Sixteen years of Alcohol' starts off interestingly with some beautiful location shots in Scotland but it's straight downhill from here. Unfortunately instead of spending some time building atmosphere creating characters we might care about or building suspense - the director opts to begin driving you crazy with self indulgent heavy handed twaddle voice-over's. The lead characters are so unsympathetic and are so badly acted - the audience doesn't care what happens to them desperate Actors do desperate things...like this movie!. To make matters worse the 'homage's' (typical of a director trying to pay his dues to past masters) are either utterly clichÃƒÂ© or unconvincing. The soundtrack is the only thing that lifted me and kept me in the cinema but even that failed to support the dramatic narrative other connecting a period of time to the action.<br /><br />For some reason the movie got increasingly flawed and to be quite honest annoying. I still watched the whole damn thing!<br /><br />I guess I liked the attempt at gritty realism in the film but even that was destroyed when they were often inter-cut with weird and abstract sometimes pointless scenes. You don't need a huge budget to make truly moving film so much has been said about how little money they had to make this film half a million is not a little bit of money...SO NO EXCUSES! Sometimes I wonder what the actors...Or their agents were thinking!<br /><br />Pass on this turkey unless you're masochistic or mindless anyway....NOT MY THING<br /><br />1.5/10
critique6092 The story starts off in the home of a little girl who is going to have a Birthday Party and both the mother and father seemed to act rather quiet and reserved with each other. They proceed to give their daughter her present which is from both of them and it stuck me funny the expressions on the two parents faces as they gave their child this gift it was almost like 'I hope she likes it'! There is a killing in the film and Catherine Mary Stewart(Julia Kerbridge)"Reaper"2000 gets involved with the case because of family ties. Julia is working hard to become a doctor and this particular murder disrupts her entire life. Rob Lowe (Kevin Finney)"View From The Top"03 is a next door neighbor in the same apartment dwelling as Julia and he eventually goes to bed with her and tries to help her in other ways. This is not a bad film but it is certainly nothing to go crazy about unless you like a film location in Canada and a good looking Catherine Mary Stewart a native from Canada.
critique6093 Nowhere near the original. It's quite accurate copy bringing nothing new to the story. But the directing is very poor. Basinger is weak - without good directing. Baldwin is simply just a second league compared to McQueen. I watched it just out of curiosity being a huge fan of Peckinpah's masterpiece and I got what I thought. Almost a B movie with second rate acting and directing. I wasn't even disappointed I just don't know what they were trying to do. This remake doesn't try to play with the original material it's not a tribute and indeed it lacks some really good actor of its era.<br /><br />It reminds me of a bad xerox copy of wonderful photograph.<br /><br />This is a complete waste of your time. Save yourself 2 hours or watch the original (again:)))
critique6094 Let this serve as a warning to anyone wishing to draw attention to themselves in the media by linking their name to that of a well-loved and well-respected not to say revered author in order to draw attention to their home-movies out on DVD.<br /><br />Hyped to the skies by its obviously talentless makers in fact lied about only to be revealed finally as ludicrously inept in every department the fans of Wells and of his book have been after the blood of its Writer-Producer-Director since it appeared on DVD.<br /><br />Many good points have been made by the other comments users on this page. Particularly the one about using this as a teaching aid for Film School students since this "film" does not even use the basic grammar of scripting editing continuity direction throughout its entire 3 hours running time. It is possible the Director did show up for the shoot. Certainly there was no-one present who knew even remotely what they were doing.<br /><br />An ongoing thread continues to evolve on this IMDb page which should at least furnish the watchers of this witless drivel with a few laughs for their $9.00 outlay.<br /><br />Much was promised. Absolutely nothing was delivered. Except "Monty Python Meets "War of The Worlds" with all the humour taken out.<br /><br />Indefensible trash. Just unbelievable.<br /><br />There are REAL independent film-makers out there to be checked out. People who actually try to work to a high standard instead of flapping their gums about how great their movie is going to be.<br /><br />People could do worse than keep an eye on Brit film-maker Jake West's "Evil Aliens" for example.
critique6095 This is awesomely bad and awesomely embarassing for a Canadian. We grow good wine. Our writers and poets are among the world's best. The National Ballet is rated among the top five companies in the world. BUT WE MAKE BLOODY AWFUL MOVIES! This one isn't especially bad. It's especially typical and typically bad shot in two bit hotels and public parks with thin direction high school level acting and "gee whiz...lets see what this button on the camera does??" photography. If Michael Moriarity was so intent on doing a Jack Nicholson impersonation couldn't he at least have done a GOOD Jack Nicholson impersonation? And if the movie was shot in Vancouver truly one of the loveliest cities on earth and also a centre of yacht building (part of the "plot") why in God's name do we let that endemic Canadian inferiority complex dictate that it be disguised as Seattle??? Not only am I mad about this film I'm embarassed and more than a little ashamed. The Australians turn out some splendid stuff. We produce pretentious second rate piffle. Gawd!!!!!
critique6096 Unless somebody enlightens me I really have no idea what this movie is about. It looks like a picture with a message but itÃ‚Â´s far from it. This movie tells pointless story of a New York press agent and about his problems. And thatÃ‚Â´s basically all. When that agent is played by Pacino one must think that it must be something important. But it takes no hard thinking to figure out how meaningless and dull this movie is. To one of the best actors in the world Al Pacino this is the second movie of the year (the other is "Simone") that deserves the title "the most boring and the most pointless motion picture of the year". So whatÃ‚Â´s going on Al?
critique6097 If you're going to look after a child make sure they don't live anywhere near a graveyard. Especially if said kid has a habit of drawing gory pictures and disappears at night among the tombstones to see her 'friends'. But our long haired heroine oblivious to all the signs shacks up with her family the Nortons which include a strict father and a dullard older brother who becomes a love interest for our budding babysitter. Even more spooky than the zombie gang outside is the cast's tendency to talk even when their lips aren't moving and for the words to not match the movement of their mouths. But enough of that.. domestic animals are being sacrificed old ladies are having eyeballs torn out and the orchestra won't shut up during any scene even the quiet ones. Oh and the editor is having a day off going by the way the film drones on.<br /><br />In fact it would been better if everybody involved had taken a breather smelt what they'd signed up for and gone AWOL. Yes I know it's hard to get into movies these days but this sort of starter point is not one on your CV you'd want. If would be like a trainee farm labourer having a conviction for chicken molesting. Featuring one of the worst lead performances ever by the shrill Laurel Barnett and another almost equally as bad by the charisma-free child actress Rosalie Cole (The next Dakota Fanning she ain't) the film meanders on and on with nothing but padding until we get what passes for a climax.<br /><br />This involves five or six members of the undead barricading our utterly useless heroine in a shed while her bit of rough fends off these ghouls with a plank of wood a one shell shotgun and whatever he can lay his hands on. But back up a minute.. earlier on they were in the car and they accidentally discovered that the creatures found the noise of the horn so repellent they shuffled off at the sound of it. So do they stay where they are safe? No of course not they run off to this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere so the bloke can prove what a hardnut he is the girl can act like she's having a nervous breakdown.<br /><br />Finally the film closes. It doesn't end it just goes to a grinding halt. The main character wanders back to her vehicle covered in fake blood as if nothing horrible had happened. But my dear viewer something horrible has happened. You have just sat through one of the most lamebrained boring horror films you're ever likely to see and lost 82 minutes of your life you'll never get back. Just think.. years from now on your deathbed what you'd trade an hour and 22 minutes for just to spend a bit of extra time with your family. Sadly it's already too late for me. Don't you make the same mistake :( 2/10
critique6098 This is a truly awful movie. The jokes are few and far between and the pacing is a down right endurance test. The only thing funny to come out of this production is it's comparison to the classic film "This Is Spinal Tap."<br /><br />Avoid this film as if it were one of the plagues of the Bible itself.<br /><br />
critique6099 Woa talk about awful. Do not waste your time. I wish I had seen the other use comments first. <br /><br />I have to admit I didn't watch the whole thing. It was just too horrible. The worst sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on. But what really made it unwatchable was the direction. The poor actors. You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action. If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance. <br /><br />This would not even be good as a made for TV flick. <br /><br />Ouch!
critique6100 Want a great recipe for failure? Take a s****y plot add in some weak completely undeveloped characters and than throw in the worst special effects a horror movie has known. Let stew for a week (the amount of time probably spent making this trash). The result is Corpse Grinders a movie that takes bad movies to dangerous and exotically low places.<br /><br />The movie utterly blew. My words cannot convey how painful it was to watch. This is not one of those bad movies that you and your friends can sit around and make fun of. This is not Plan 9 From Outer Space. This is a long boring sad waste of time. Corpse Grinders II is the biggest waste of energy and talent I have ever seen. I depresses me when I realize that people actually took time out of their lives to act in this shit if you can call it acting. But than again when you have poor direction poor storywriting poor everything acting is the last thing to criticize.<br /><br />This movie is like a huge disgusting turd that you yearn to quickly flush out of existence fearful that a friend or loved one might somehow see it. I really with I could somehow destroy every copy of this film so it will not pollute the minds of aspiring filmmakers. Thank you Ted V. Mikels for giving me new found respect for every movie I have ever seen. You have shown me what is truly awful and why I should appreciate all those movies that are merely crappy or boring.
critique6101 You know I really hate IMDb's censor system since my entire review is almost gone if you take out the cursing. But here we go. Editing time!<br /><br />Holy moley is this bad. I thought it might be a cool little movie judging by the plot summary since yknow I've blindly rented such gems as Frailty and American Nightmare before. But this is just abominal. It's about a killer who uses Edgar Allen Poe's works as reference for his murderous exploits and the story of a detective who has to stop him. Can't these blithering hacks make a good movie without defiling the grave of a great horror writer? I mean the kills in here are completely devoid of thought or originality and the references to Poe are hokey and fake without enough thought put into them. They're shallow and they put Poe's work to shame. Full of holes with awful sequencing. The acting is bad too reminding me of the abortion that was known in some third world countries as "Fear X" what with all the pausing and un-emotional lines.<br /><br />I realize this is an indie movie but that's no excuse. I've seen high school kids act better then these morons and I myself could've come up with better kill scenes and a better plot given ample time.<br /><br />This has no reason to exist. Avoid at all costs.
critique6102 Okay so it was never going to change the world and it bombed at the box office but Honky Tonk Freeway is one of those films I fell in love with as a child (the BBC showed it a few times during the 1980s and I happened to have a high quality VHS tape in the machine - lucky that!) and watched endlessly. I watched the DVD last night and sadly time has not been kind to this would-be blockbuster. Either that or I've just grown out of this kind of broad dopey humour. Come on when Schlesinger is so desperate for laughs he gives us close-ups of novelty underpants with 'amusing' slogans what can you say about the cast or screenplay?<br /><br />Certainly it's ambitious interesting unusual and sprawling but it's never once laugh-out-loud funny. I'd describe it as a children's film with some 'adult' overtones - you can safely let your youngsters watch this despite the 15 certificate. They won't get the drug references so don't worry about it. I had a pleasant surprise when I realized I'd forgotten just how catchy both the title song and the song-writing truck driver's 'Everybody's Going Faster Faster' song were not to mention the town of Ticlaw's patriotic anthem. The whole cast give commendable performances the photography is crisp and captures the mood of the various locations perfectly and there's a real time capsule feeling about the fashions the cars the gadgets (especially the dashboard-mounted drum machine) the interiors and the pop-culture references - I was more than a little surprised to hear the nutty bum in the bank loudly telling everyone "I'm OJ Simpson!" particularly now Simpson's legal tangles have overshadowed his sporting achievements. The snag is there's almost no plot to speak of it's way too obvious to be witty and not funny enough to elicit many genuine laughs. I wish I'd left this one as a pleasant memory.
critique6103 I haven't reviewed anything on here for quite awhile but after having the misfortune to sit through this rubbish masquarading as entertainment I had to put forward my thoughts.<br /><br />Normally however bad something is there is one redeeming part whether it is an actor who was okay a scene that was passable an attractive cast member or a general feelgood moment. Unfortunately that isn't true here as the film starts of atrociously with a ridiculous shootout which was so poor I thought it was a practice & two halfwits otherwise known as the boys in blue chatting beside a school.<br /><br />One of these idiots was Daniel Baldwin who not only starred in this but also actually Directed this garbage & unlike his brothers cannot act for toffee. Not that he was on his own here as everyone in it seemed to belong to the acting school of a trained chimp.<br /><br />Luckily certainly for me I only watched an hour of this masterpiece as the DVD wouldn't work & was probably made by the same fools who produced this. So if you have nothing to do but watch paint dry do watch this as it is just as boring & ideal for getting rid of unwanted guests.
critique6104 Here's an indie film I really wanted to like but ultimately could not. The lack of script (boldly proclaimed in the main titles) really shows through and kills the picture. The story is a nonsensical mess that isn't worth trying to figure out. I quickly became bored within 10 minutes then suffered through the remainder of the first 40 minutes--hoping for the best--before hitting the chapter stops to (mercifully) get to the end... even that wasn't worth the extra effort. OZARK SAVAGE clearly tries too hard to be clever lifting its best sequences from EVIL DEAD 2 and THE MATRIX. As a result there's very little in OZARK SAVAGE that hasn't been done before and better. This film would have been much more fun as a 10-20 minute short but as a feature it just feels padded and forced. Of course there's no money in shorts so I completely understand the financial reasons that I assume motivated it being stretched out to 75+ minutes. Director Matt Steinauer shows great promise and I wish him luck.
critique6105 I went out of my way to get this film and was fortunate to get it on VHS. Being a big Gloria Grahame fan it was an excellent addition to my collection. Other than that I really cannot say a lot to recommend this picture. The plot is predictable (and weak) and the only interesting aspect of the film is watching Sterling Hayden get into deeper trouble with his own department. Ms. Grahame is always fun to watch (if you like her as I do) but the dubbing of her singing hurts this picture a lot. She works in a dive so let her use her own voice. It can only lend to the atmosphere. I must agree with an earlier reviewer; the ending borrows heavily from THE BIG HEAT. To the point of detracting from the ending. I have seen worse films with Ms. Grahame (MACAO) but I will never pass the opportunity to see her on screen. If you are having a movie night and looking for a second feature film this is your movie. Enjoy the picture.
critique6106 This serial is interesting to watch as an MST3K feature but for todays audience that's all it is. I was really surprised to see the year it was made as 1952. Considering that fact alone makes this a solid (lowly?) 2 in my book. The cars used don't even look contemporary they look like stuff from the 30's. It's basically Cody (the lone world's salvation? Sheesh talk about an insult to everyone else like the military) anyway it's Cody in his nipple ring flying suit against Graber and Daley two dumb*ss henchman who sport handguns and an occasional ray gun thats pretty lame in its own right enjoy. If you want to watch a really good serial see Flash Gordan it's full of rockets that attack each other and a good evil nemesis and also good looking women this has NONE of that. And Flash was made 15 or so years before this crap so you can give it some slack. Something made in 1952 this bad deserves a 2. Nuff said. give it a 6 if your watching it as a MST3K episode those guys have some good fun with it; a tweak of the nipples here a tweak there and I'm flying! And now as an added bonus I bring you the Commander Cody Theme song as originally sung by Joel and his two character bots Tom Servo and Crow aboard the satellite of love for episode eight The Enemy Planet:<br /><br />(Singing at the very beginning credits);<br /><br />(TOM SERVO SINGING) YOUR WATCHING COMMANDER CODY.... HE IS THE NEW CHARACTER FROM REPUBLIC<br /><br />HE GETS IN TROUBLE EVERY WEEK... BUT HE'S SAVED BY EDITING<br /><br />JUST A TWEAK OF HIS NIPPLES... SENDS HIM ON HIS WAY<br /><br />A PUMPKIN HEAD AND A ROCKET PACK.... WILL SAVE THE DAY<br /><br />(JOEL SINGING) HIS LABRATORY IS A BOXING RING... WHEN BAD GUYS COME TO MIX IT UP<br /><br />SOMEBODY ALWAYS GETS KIDNAPPED... AND CODY HAS TO FIX IT UP<br /><br />HE DRINKS HIS TEA AT AL'S CAFE... AND FLIES ALONG ON WIRES<br /><br />HE BEATS THE CROOKS AND FLIES WITH HOOKS... AND PUTS OUT FOREST FIRES<br /><br />(CROW SINGING)<br /><br />BAD GUYS BEWARE... CODY IS THERE<br /><br />YOU'LL LIKE HIS HAIR IT'S UNDER HIS HELMUT... AND BECAUSE WE CAN'T THINK OF A GOOD RHYME<br /><br />THAT'S THE END OF THE COMMANDER CODY THEME SONG... SO SIT RIGHT BACK WITH A WILL OF GRANITE<br /><br />AND WATCH CHAPTER EIGHT CAUSE THAT'S THE ENEMY PLANET
critique6107 This movie was *good* relatively during the first parts of it.<br /><br />We have a story from 3 points of view. So let's find some clues and complete the story.<br /><br />Oh wait...none of that stuff matters because the FBI guys are the bad guys! Though that was a great twist...it was almost a terrible twist. I immediately downgraded the film from a 7 maybe 8 to 3 based on the last 10-15 minutes of it.<br /><br />Does anyone else not see why the twist is so bad? Yes it's a good shock. But it is bad because it has absolutely nothing to do with the preceding hour and twenty minutes. There's no connection to the killers.<br /><br />The killers are in about all of 5 minutes of this movie (as killers) and the two FBI agents are only in 15 minutes of the previous hour and twenty.<br /><br />We get it...surveillance...Oh the Killers are voyeurs. WHICH MAKES NO SENSE because they were only described in limited terms as just being psychopaths. And the hour and twenty minutes of surveillance we are watching of the 3 stories goes out the window as everyone is dead in 5 minutes.<br /><br />All of this makes the ending even more ridiculous. Oh they killed a bunch of FBI agents in the beginning...what FBI agents sleep together? All in the same room. To be found and murdered by amateurs and then impersonated by people who know nothing about being FBI agents? A cop 3 feet away apparently can't hit either one with a standard police issue pistol that can shoot several shots. I hate movies that try to make you feel like this could be real when they make absurd leaps they think we will believe.<br /><br />The other thing is the movie ends about 10-15 minutes after they are revealed as the killers with a girl standing in the field somewhere...
critique6108 This was one of the most contrived tedious and clichÃƒÂ©d films I have ever seen... and yes I've seen Pearl Harbour. Even the likes of Gina McKee couldn't act their way out of the appalling dialogue. It has been described as 'art-house' this can only be a euphemism for dull dreadful and quite frankly artless. Why is it that when a film is devoid of plot critics feel it deserves to be called art? But far more baffling why did America love it? Without you this film would have remained on the shelf where perhaps it belonged.
critique6109 Despite the high ratings given to this film by IMDB users this is nothing more than your typical girl-with-a-bad-childhood-obsessively-stalks-married-man film. The attractive Justine Priestly's brief nude scenes may attract voyeurs but the film is hackneyed tripe.<br /><br />* 1/2 out of ****
critique6110 For a scientifically-engineered super-dog that was supposed to be the answer to petit crime CHOMPS was a chump.<br /><br />All I ever saw Chomps do was sit or walk or run. Or run then walk then sit... and then get back up again and stretch and then walk and then jog to K-Tel dance hits. And sometimes it had all the answers to the daily Jumbo. But mostly it just sat a lot.<br /><br />All I am saying is: In a Celebrity Death Match Chomps couldn't take out Mr. Bigglesworth.
critique6111 At the end of the film I just asked myself :"is it the worse movie I have ever seen or is it the worse movie I have ever seen ?". And the answer is... Actually after having seen this movie and thought a bit about the meaning of it you just can't find any meaning and you can only remember the two rape scenes which are unbelievably brutal and useless. It seems to me as if the director tried to push this question into the crowd's head : "what are such crimes compared to horror of war and extermination ?" because i noticed that the two awful scenes where directly connected to war and it's horrors (during the first scene you can here the girl that is being raped screaming and in the same time you hear one of president Bush's speeches about the necessity of starting a war with Iraq and in the second scene the pictures of the three criminals sticking a sword in a woman's vagina are directly followed by archive pictures of World war II. But as a matter of facts i really could not think about the relative gravity of theses two different kinds of human horror's expression being done i was too shocked by what i had just seen and felt. (sorry for bad English)
critique6112 The movie started off o.k. A couple of tourists on vacation in Mexico having a good time decide they should go on a hike. They uncover some hidden trails and end up and this huge temple like fortress. Angry villagers show up and try to deter them from climbing it but because of the language barrier people get shot and the tourists end up climbing the stupid thing. Turns out the plants are evil blood-thirsty things that the villagers won't go near so they guard the temple so the tourists can't get off. There are a couple of scares in this movie but nothing really makes sense. I mean they're PLANTS! Don't bother buying or renting the d.v.d. Wait till it comes out on cable.
critique6113 Hope Floats with Sandra Bullock is a real disappointment. The story starts off ok. Her husband cheats on her and she finds out on national television. So she has to rebuild her life. Here it could have gotten interesting or built up in a story line but you become so bored with it. She moves back with her parents and Harry Connick Jr. who plays Justin begins hitting on her. The two have no real chemistry at all yet your supposed to get the impression that Justin is in love with her. The movie ends the way you figure it will but you wish it hadn't ended like every other kind like it. They had a good start with this movie and could have turned it into something watchable but instead its a movie that you definitely want to miss.
critique6114 Good Lord what were they THINKING??!!!!!! Here is your spoiler warning even though I don't think it'll really matter. You won't be seeing this piece of trash anyway.<br /><br />A group of handpuppets go chasing after a group of really stupid people who go on a really stupid hunt for them to try and kill them and the puppets complicate things by letting them live out their really stupid fantasies. In other words the whole thing is really stupid.<br /><br />You KNOW it has to be bad when even Mike and the Bots can't save something!! And they didn't! I know some of their lines were funny like what to add to the sign "HIT" and the hand comments but geez this was pretty dang sad.<br /><br />All I can say is DO NOT WATCH THIS PIECE O CRUD. IT IS NOT WORTH YOUR EYES.
critique6115 After wasting 2 hours of my life watching this movie on late night television I went back and reread some of the IMDb material to remind myself of why I watched it in the first place. In hindsight the only thing that I can think of is that the genre generally appeals to me. But this movie was a total waste of effort. It fails on every level and to see that it's described on IMDb as a comedy really leaves me at a loss. I don't recall more than a couple of chuckles. There are more laughs in any episode of Law and Order than in The Last Man. Seriously.<br /><br />Too much of the characters' interaction just didn't seem to me to have any foundation and was therefore very unlikely/unbelievable.<br /><br />If it hadn't been for the almost-gratuitous bikini shots well what can I say? Avoid this movie like the plague. Or tape it and just fast forward to the bikini shots. Do not spend even $1 to rent it though.
critique6116 I'm really not going to waste my time with in depth analysis i'm just going to say that i'm extremely disappointed that Catherine Zeta-Jones made the mistake of being in the main role in this absurd nonsense in this full of clichÃƒÂ©s boring to death thoughtless pathetic try in film-making! There is no point in trying to find the positive sides of this movie because as a whole it is poor in every single way and the saddest thing is that Zeta-Jones is dragged so uncompromisingly into the clichÃƒÂ©s that she has absolutely no chance of showing even 1% of her talent!<br /><br />Avoid this movie even at the opportunity of spending the night at home starring at the wall!!!
critique6117 Wouldn't it be great if Not Another Teen Movie actually put an end to all of these stupid pointless I'm getting more sex than you are teen movies? In a perfect world yes. Yet this one is even worse. This one is not humiliating for the stars it's humiliating for the distributor. All of the jokes are basically college students exposing stuff that people probably have NO interest in seeing yet it's "funny." Devon Sawa who was actually good in Final Destination is just plain dull in this movie. It makes you wonder if it's being bad on purpose. Grade: F
critique6118 Bo Derek will not go down in history as a great actress. On the other hand starting in the 1980s actual acting talent seemed to be less and less of a required ability in Hollywood so Bo could very well have gone onto bigger and better things after the big box office take of Blake Edwards' "10." That is if she hadn't allowed her husband John Derek to take over her career. Numerous Playboy spreads and bad movies like this one (this one in particular) directed by John destroyed what momentum she had and made her the butt of many a joke. In the 1980s it was assumed that you could put a certain personality in a certain movie and it would be box office gold. John figured that putting Bo in a movie wherein she was nude for much of the running time would make people flock to the theaters after the 10 hype. Maybe if the movie had been any good perhaps. This version of Tarzan has got to be the all time worst of the many iterpretations of Burrough's lord of the jungle a slap in the face to character's book and film legacy. Tarzan is in fact an after thought as the film is primarily a vehicle for Bo's breasts and Richard Harris' wonderful over acting (remember the pair had worked together in Orca). His scenery chewing helps you to stay awake during the boredom of it all and yes the film is quite boring. Nothing really exciting happens and the few action scenes seem to have been shot by someone in a trance. Bo's body can only get you so far. Miles O'Keeffe who played Tarzan at least would go onto a long and enjoyable B movie career and Richard Harris can put this behind him after his recent acting triumphs but Bo and John Derek never recovered from this fiasco and future collaborations between the two only served to show why his directing career and her acting career died in the first place.<br /><br />And how did the orangutan get to Africa?
critique6119 Director Fred Schepisi(Roxanne) directs this well intentioned but inferior comedy about Albert Einstein(Matthau) trying to hook his scientific niece(Ryan) up with ordinary guy Tim Robbins in order to get her to relax and enjoy life in the 1950's. To get Ryan to like Robbins Einstein tries to make Robbins look like a brilliant scientist. The idea is cute but the film falls flat with corny situations and silly dialogue. Tim Robbins Meg Ryan and the terrific supporting cast do their best to keep this silly comedy afloat but are unable to rescue the film. Its unfortunate that so much talent went into producing such a lackluster movie. I would not recommend to anybody unless they are huge fans of Meg Ryan.
critique6120 There are many distinct problems with the movie "KillShot". For one there are way too many coincidences. The husband is a hunter and just happens to be hunting on the day that the main killer shows up with someone the killer knows. Okay I will take that one. The kid calls the real estate agency that the wife works for and asks for money to be ready when he comes to get it. Okay I will take that one as well. Before he goes to get the cash he decided to rob our killer who doesn't kill him but decided to go with him on the job. It's starting to get real weak. Then they show up on the same day that the husband has an interview with his wives boss. No one is there but the wife and the husband who has decided to make his way into the empty office. They make their way into the office and the professional killer just assumes that they are talking to the right guy. That is just in the first 15 minuets.<br /><br />There are a lot more holes in this movie then I care to talk about. Why the killer didn't just kill everyone at the real estate agency I don't know. Why he didn't shoot the woman on her porch I don't know. Why he kept letting that dumb kid make all those stupid moves and mess a whole lot of crap up I don't know. Why the girlfriend was even in the movie I don't know. Why he decided not to pocket the gun and just leave it out on the counter I don't know. Why they even went into the witness protection program I don't know. What I do know is that the Casting Director did a great job the Director of Photography did very good work the Location Scout picked great locations and the Production Designer was worth every penny. So my advice for anyone that is going to pick a script that is going to be so well worked by the crew make sure that every attempt to kill someone by the hit man is not foiled by a peak through an open window.
critique6121 Any time a movie is so myopic in its desire to present a particular ending or viewpoint that it simply doesn't bother with an actual story it's annoying. Those are the types of movies where the ending or viewpoint is conceived first and the story simply tacked on. For this reason we often talk of the story "jumping through hoops" as it twists about trying in vain to progress to the preordained ending in a logical fashion.<br /><br />The story in "Comet Over Broadway" doesn't just jump through hoops it's a three ring circus. It's so ludicrous so ill-conceived so disingenuous that if you are prone to speaking aloud to the screen you will be carrying on quite a rant before it's through.<br /><br />The central theme of this screenplay cesspool is that of a woman choosing between family and profession. Since it's all so horribly muddled it will end up offensive to people of either opinion. So in the end there's no point to the story the theme becomes irrelevant and as is often the case with poor screenplays the acting doesn't save a thing.
critique6122 I usually don't walk out of a movie but halfway thru I did. This movie promised something different but I kept thinking haven't I seen that before? Spoiler Alert! Back in 1 the spaceship crashes and lands on earth well all these years later with a super adult on board no less this thing still manages to burn up and crash! What this advanced civilization can't seem to develop landing gear? For an industry that's so liberal we get to see another Woody Allen movie no blacks please! Superman runs around saving people making sure he sticks to Europe and the US don't go into darkie areas please. Maybe I could stomach this about 30 years ago but now now.
critique6123 Such a long awaited movie.. But it has disappointed me and my friends who had gone to see the movie on the first day.. From the trailers it looked like a action movie but it turned out to be a out & out comedy(a bad comedy). But one thing that deserves appreciation is the acting by these professional actors they've done their part of the movie very well. Good acting but i don't think that can save the movie.. India has been shot beautifully. Kerala Rajasthan (Ladakh?) were all saturated with color alright. Nevertheless the way the intrinsic beauty of these places was shot made me want to find out exactly where those places were and when I could go there ;-)<br /><br />Action sequences were shot very shabbily no one could make out head & tail of the stunts they've used Akki(akshay kumar) very well but could've been done much much better..<br /><br />Animation is the worst i've seen in recent movies(90's movies had better animation scenes i guess(initial scene where the car is falling off 'flying should be better word' the road into lake).<br /><br />And the movies name has been mentioned nearly every 20 to 30 mins just to make sure audiences don't forget the movie name i guess..
critique6124 There are a whole lot of movies primarily from the 80s that are so terrible that you can't help but love them. The Last Slumber Party is one of those. I hate this movie so much but it still remains one of the most watched movies in my collection. I have watched it countless times and get a huge laugh out of it every time. It is the prime example of how in the 80s ANY movie could get released.<br /><br />Our killers name is Maniac Randles. (Scary huh?) Randles is an escaped psychopathic killer running around in doctor's scrubs and a doctor's jacket hacking off people with a scalpel as he goes along. He ends up coming across a house of girls that are having a slumber party. One of the girls is the daughter of the doctor that tried to operate on Randle's and Randle's ended up pulling him down in some kind of sexual position. (lol just watch the movie to know what I am talking about.) Now I know what you must be thinking at this point: This must be another cheesy low budget hack and slash flick like Slumber Party Massacre or Valentine's Day Massacre right? NO! This movie is HORRIBLE! First off the quality of the film changes off and on throughout the film. Sometimes it will look like it could have been filmed this year but other times it is so grainy and blurry that it isn't even watchable. The funny thing is that certain specific camera angles will be blurry and grainy and other specific camera angles will be clear and perfect which is absolutely ridiculous and proves that they did not care at all.<br /><br />The director played the killer (as if that wasn't funny enough) but because of the fact that he wasn't talented enough to act and direct at the same time he just filmed one shot of him walking toward the camera with his scalpel and then just replayed that clip over and over every time someone is killed.<br /><br />The characters in this movie are completely ridiculous and unlikable and these people who are suppose to be ages 16-18 look more like they are 25-45. I know that slasher films commonly use adults as teenagers but I have never seen a movie where it was THIS obvious. My guess is that the reason none of them are still in the film industry today is because they have all died of old age... Or maybe it was just because this movie was so horrible that they never wanted to show their faces again and that is a good thing because I highly doubt that they could have gotten into any more movies even if they tried. All I can do is hope that Tyler will one day make THE LAST SLUMBER PARTY 2: THE FINAL CONFLICT and have all of the original actors return. I'm sure everyone would love that.<br /><br />The movie was directed by Stephen Tyler (No not the singer) who never went on to direct again and it was released by B&S (which I am sure stands for bull and ****) Productions. Bull&S only released one more film "Forever Evil" which was pretty awful but not near as bad as Last Slumber Party.<br /><br />A horrible horrible horrible film... Highly recommended.
critique6125 I'm not bothered by the sleazy hosts nor am I bothered by the cynical self-righteous stance the makers of this crap take.<br /><br />What I AM bothered about is that the vast majority of the episodes are fake. I wouldn't even be surprised if ALL of the episodes were staged. Hence this isn't a reality show but something far worse even than Oprah: garbage television with zero comma zero appeal. Like daily TV soap opera but with more action and fighting and less plot.<br /><br />The premise would have turned out great - if only it had been executed without cheating the viewer. If only this idea were free of all the legal complications/trappings that would most certainly ensue due to what would happen with real people and what is eventually aired. Hence the only way to create this """reality show""" was to get some rather desperate actors and make them improvise (and what pitiful and unconvincing improvisation it is most of the time!). Shouldn't this be obvious to anyone who finished grade school? Most reviews I read here don't even mention that any of this is fake let alone that all of it might be. Wishful thinking or just boundless naivety? <br /><br />The actors hired in this pathetic show are the kind of bottom-of-the-barrel unemployed actors who are miserably waiting on tables waiting eagerly for a call from a talk show (or this crap) which is when they finally get a chance to make several hundred bucks. I even recognized one actress (in the role of "cheater") that I saw years earlier in "The Jerry Springer Show". And I only saw 6-7 episodes of "Cheaters". How many more of these loser actors are there that appeared in Springer and "Cheaters" that I don't even know about?<br /><br />However to compare "Cheaters" with Springer isn't fair to the latter. The Springer show is not all fake; a bulk of the episodes are unstaged - hence often highly entertaining. There is no value to be found in "Cheaters" unless you're a struggling actor and want to get tips on how NOT to act in front of the camera.<br /><br />The producers use various (very cheap transparent) tricks to create the illusion of realness to give their footage that elusive documentary feel. But it's all in vein. In the end the more intelligent train-wreck-seeking viewer is left with absolutely squat. "Professional wrestling" has more credibility than this.
critique6126 When I read the reviews of Kahin Pyaar Na Ho Jaaye I thought "Huh?". It was THAT confusing. To be sure I went to watch the film and what do you know? It's a remake of "The Wedding Singer". Several scenes have been changed to suit the whole essence of Indianness but the rest of it is a direct lift from the 1998 Hollywood hit. Bollywood is no stranger to remakes but this is one so poor that it pains me just to watch it. I groaned so much watching this and I realized I wasn't the only one doing so! One guy actually walked out of the theater and never came back! Salman Khan should seriously stop doing comedy roles. He shrieks and whines too much. Why can't he just take it easy? He doesn't do justice to the role originally acted out by Adam Sandler. He doesn't have Sandler's sense of comic timing. Rani is a wonderful actress and one of my favorites but she's no Drew Barrymore either. The scene where she stands in front of a mirror practicing to say her new surname ("Hi I'm Mrs Pugalia") doesn't match up to Barrymore's version ("Hi I'm Mrs Julia Gulia"). I felt embarrassed watching that scene even though I had loved the original. The music is not too bad. It's probably the only saving grace of this otherwise horrible film! Avoid this at all cost!
critique6127 The film had some likable aspects. Perhaps too many for my taste. It felt as though the writer/director was desperately trying to get us to feel the inner conflict of ALL of its characters. Not once a few times...but all of the time. <br /><br />This is the job of television not cinema. <br /><br />The location of the train station was well chosen and I enjoyed Sascha Horler's performance as the pregnant friend. <br /><br />I felt as though Justine Clarke's performance was wan. Her reactions to things felt forced as though the director were trying to vocalise the themes of the film through her protagonist's expressions. I also can't believe that a director can make the wonderful Daniela Farinacci into an unbelievable presence. <br /><br />I cannot understand the choice of pop music slapped over entire sequences. This is a lazy device especially where the pop music comes from no place diagetic to the film and/or where the lyrics of the song feel embarrassingly earnest. <br /><br />That said there is a breezy quality about the film that evokes the Australian heat and local attitude with originality. It does create an atmosphere of heat and sunshine. Especially with the usage of wonderful animation sequences that rescue the film from complete mediocrity infusing it with passion and hand-crafted charm. <br /><br />I am curious why the dialogue feels so overworked. "Who knows if there's a god? Like some guy sitting there up in the sky telling us what to do" or whatever the line was. <br /><br />Perhaps one of the more embarrassing moments was the friend returning home from cricket with a bunch of flowers to declare to his wife "I'm giving up smoking." <br /><br />An anti-smoking commercial? A TAC ad with some tasteful animation? I had to leave the cinema at the 50 minute mark -- it was all too much.
critique6128 I watched this movie to see the direction one of the most promising young talents in movies was going. Unfortunately with this movie Leelee Sobieski has chosen a path not only well worn but completely free of any meaningful destination. This movie used every hackneyed trick in the book to leave the screen tap you on the shoulder and politely ask if it can have your heartstrings so that it may give them a good tug. Romance can be done well and when it is the viewer is left feeling the love portrayed on screen. During the emotional climax of this movie I laughed. Heartily. To save you the time and money I would suggest instead of seeing this movie you have a meal of Karo syrup and Velveeta. It's about the same.
critique6129 This movie is horrendous. The acting is cheesy and laughable. If you know anything at all about Rugby the match action is boring. In fact any episode of Power Rangers contains more realism than this movie. The 'action' consists of no more than one pass and a shot of guy landing over the try line or being tackled without the ball and hectic hand held shots of who knows what. It's impossible to tell. There is nothing of the excitement skill and construction of try scoring that real Rugby contains. As for the haka this is a bunch of yanks trying to imitate a tradition they know nothing about much like the white rasta character that should have been left out of the film. Next time there's a Rugby movie made we can only hope that people who know Rugby make it.
critique6130 I have not watched every jackass episode. It was mildly entertaining if nothing else was going. But after watching Jackass #2 i was fond of Bam and Dunn. They had a nice attitude in the movie jackass so i figured i'd tune in on viva la Bam. Boy was i mistaken. Seriously you could pair a bunch of 2'graders provide them with the same budget and i bet they could knock off something more creative on the screen. I mean C'Mon MTV!! At 23 where most people are tuned in you give us this rubbish.<br /><br />Everything seems so forced. You don't know the characters because there's no attitude at all. You can't appreciate Bam or Dunn or anyone for that matter. If there would just be a tiny tiny doze of thought. Anything we won't forget as soon as next shot goes on.<br /><br />They finally manage to create a good shot and you like whats going on. You sit there just waiting for their reaction and then some jerk closes the scenes with two lame sentences and bang. Was that the close for that shot or what please?. If i had been there i would freak out and laugh. Do some insane stuff and have my adrenaline pumping but these guys... Just scripted stupid reactions.<br /><br />Yes they get a few chuckles of the audience by cheap gross jokes or gigantic jokes which in my opinion are such a waste of cash. <br /><br />Many many normal humans which was not taken under the Jackass wing could in a heartbeat write a far funnier script. Or impress with visual camera work. Even spontaneous wannabe cool guys without a script would pull of a better job. MTV could in a whim bring more soothing material on the screen. You just need to fire the writer of this stupid show.<br /><br />Some scenes actually require a bit of courage and therefore 2 stars.
critique6131 After being bitten by a bat in a cavea doctor named John Beck undergoes an accelerating transformation into a man-bat creature.His wife assures him that there's nothing wrong with himit's all just due to rabies or the anti-rabies drugs he's taking.The local cop thinks that John is responsible for several gruesome murders."The Bat People" by Jerry Jameson is one hell of a horrible film.The script is deadly dull and there is no gore nor nudity.This pointless piece of crap is so mind-numbingly boring that you'll scratch your head in a total disbelief after suffering through it.Even the design of a man-bat creature by a young Stan Winston is completely pathetic and unmemorable.Avoid this stinker like the plague.2 out of 10.
critique6132 I don't know how people can watch this - the only people who enjoy watching this are those who have no feelings and emotions and enjoy watching people die houses burn down car crashes babies die and cast members being killed off every week. Its the most absurd thing on television and i still don't know how it pulls in the ratings. Its so depressing. I can imagine the writers sitting down and saying - 'so who shall we kill of next week then' or 'whose house shall we torch in a months time?'<br /><br />Its the most depressing absurd and most stupid thing on TV at the moment and i cant understand peoples motives for watching this depressing pile of crap anymore
critique6133 OK last night I saw the world premiere of Paul Schrader's The Exorcist: The Beginning at the Brussels International Festival of Fantasy Films. With all the commotion around the film it was highly anticipated.<br /><br />The director was there and so were most of the stars (except Skarsgard).<br /><br />Unfortunately the movie sucked big time. It was a real disappointment for me because I'm a huge fan of both Shrader and Friedkin's (RIP) original 1973 film.<br /><br />What was wrong with it? Most of it actually. The FX (you would think that the Matrix and LOTR digital revolution never happened: it was so badly rendered!) the editing (no real pace or rhythm) the acting (only Skarsgard at times could convince). The script was a IMO set up to explain the African scenes in the original film. So the movie had the feel of a set up scene only it contributed nothing.<br /><br />The only thing that I did like was Vittorio Storaro's cinematography although I've seen better from him (Apocalyps Now).<br /><br />All of the time I was thinking this was just a rough cut a work in progress. And that given the (well known) circumstances is probably what it is. But that doesn't change the obvious problems with the script.<br /><br />I had the chance to meet Schrader (very briefly) but I didn't have the guts to tell him what I thought of the film and I was so nervous (this is the guy who wrote Taxi Driver for Christ sake!!) that I forgot to ask him to sign my copy of his Taxi Driver script...
critique6134 As much as we might welcome a film that deals with people who have different challenges in the area of romance I cannot shake off the feeling that this movie was intended as a direct-to-video grade-C porn movie in which either A) the actors backed out of doing the explicit scenes or B) the producers ran out of money to hire for the inserts (an amazing thing if it were true).<br /><br />I had to go back to Blockbuster to figure out why on earth I had rented it which was due to an admittedly amateurish gullibility regarding the cover blurbs which seemed to imply a seditious John Waters-style humor-fest with a sexual theme. Okay I laughed a couple of times and it definitely has a sexual theme (although most of it can't be described as stimulating in any way). But on some movies you might rewind to make sure you heard the dialog correctly--on this one you fast-forward because you already know what they're about to say. But there's nothing to fast-forward to so just fast-forward past it on the shelf.
critique6135 This has to be the most brutally unfunny "comedy" I've ever seen in my life. Ben Stiller Jack Black and Christopher Walken as a crazed homeless man CAN'T make me laugh? Something's got to be wrong with this picture. This is the only movie I've ever felt like walking out of. I used free passes and still felt like I wanted my money back. I can wholeheartedly say that the only movie I've ever seen worse than this one was HOUSE OF THE DEAD. The. ONLY. worse. movie. I laughed very slightly at the merry-go-round scene and that's it. Spending 2 hours in something billed as a comedy should get you more than one laugh right? I don't know I guess the filmmakers thought that "flan" was a funny word or something. And the other running joke really is beating a dead horse--literally.
critique6136 I'm from Australia and have watched with respect the extraordinary culture surrounding rugby union in New Zealand. I can totally appreciate the comments made by Kiwis in relation to this movie. It was a total insult to a race of people and their beloved sport.<br /><br />Whoever was involved in the making of this atrocious movie should be made to formally apologize to anyone who had the misfortune of watching it. Note: people do NOT kneel down and cry while slowly reciting the Hakka. What a pitiful scene this was.<br /><br />Are we supposed to feel some kind of sympathy for this idiot who nearly killed his girlfriend who refused to listen to any advice from anyone with half a brain then apparently saw the light? What a thoroughly dislikable character (with the visits to children's hospitals doing nothing to redeem his despicable personality).<br /><br />And why are people even making a movie about Americans playing rugby? They barely even feature in the sport on the world stage not so much as to even warrant an attempt at making a movie about it (yes Rugby's a 'world' sport unlike gridiron and baseball)?
critique6137 This series has its ups and occasional downs and the latter is the case here. There's an agreeable amount of spatter with an inventive implementation of the Baby Cart's weapons but the editing film is a seriously disjointed the film-making itself rougher than usual. At times the action slows to a crawl as the camera follows the wordless wanderings of the "cub" who nearly gets lost early on. All in all disappointment.<br /><br />That said there's a spaghetti eastern quality to the music and action that may win the approval of dedicated viewers. This installment spends much of its time following the minor misadventures of the little boy who begins to stare into the abyss of death his father opened for him.
critique6138 Quite honestly The Omega Code is the worst movie I have seen in a very long time. During the first 30 minutes I sat stunned in my seat trying to decide if I should demand a refund. But since I hadn't paid to see it in the first place (passes) I figured I might as well stay. And I didn't think it could possibly get any worse.<br /><br />It did. I will quickly run through the low points (includes some spoilers): The horrible miscasting of Casper Van Dien as Gillen Lane a motivational speaker with two PhDs. The characterization was inconsistent; for example Lane despite his credentials is a complete nitwit. Then there's the lame-o depiction of the fulfillment of the Biblical prophecies; we see a bunch of sensational news soundbites accompanied by ridiculous computer print outs of the translated Biblical Code. Also terrible "action" sequences: Lane escapes from tough situations without explanation and the one time Lane actually does seem to be in danger it turns out to be a dream sequence! That's cute for grammar school writing assignments but it's an inexcusable plot device in a motion picture. The pacing was bad: after a long opener the first third of the movie changes scenes every 90 seconds. Later the pacing improves but there is still far too much unnecessary jumping around. And as someone else mentioned years pass yet no one (not even Lane's young daughter) ages. That was disconcerting.<br /><br />There are a few good things though. The quality of the film (e.g. lack of graininess) is high and very attractive. The outdoor shots were well done and the location shooting added a touch of realism. Also there are a few moments in the last part of the film when Lane calls on God (finally) to help him - this proved to be quite exhilarating - even to me someone who does not accept Jesus as a personal savior. But I liked this because it struck me as being the only genuine scene in the movie. Unfortunately it was followed by major incomprehensibility.<br /><br />The characters dialogue direction and acting were ALL poorly done. Michael Ironside had nothing to do and Michael York was just weird. I think the producers wanted to do too much; if the plot had been tighter and more focused and the characterization more fleshed out the film would have been far better. <br /><br />In a nutshell The Omega Code disappoints. Definitely do not pay to see this. I give it ** out of ten stars.<br /><br />
critique6139 Think you've seen the worst movie in the world? Think again. The person who designed the cover of this box should be accused of false advertising. The cover makes it look like a good scary horror suspense thriller. But no. What we have instead is NIGHTSCREAM. A movie that makes a "sweeeoooowww!!" noise every time a credit flashes across the screen. The biggest name in the entire film is probably Casper Van Dien who hardly has a part.<br /><br />I voted a one for this one only because I couldn't vote any lower. If I could vote something like negative five-thousand trust me I would have. So for now I'm going to give NIGHTSCREAM 1/2* out of 5 just because it ended.
critique6140 Relesed from Troma (which is my favorite movie company)Unspeaksble is a messy horror film that can be interesting but very dark and twisted.<br /><br />Unspeakable starts with a family in a car they get into an accident which leaves a daughter dead and a mother deformed. the father eventually goes crazy and slashes prostitutes. He sees his daughter in other people. He kills for her. Meanwhile his now deformed wife is being raped by her orderly. These are sick people! <br /><br />Unspeakable tries to be sick and disturbing and it does manage to do that as a good horror flick this is not. Most Troma movies have a sense of humor to them but however this one doesn't.
critique6141 What a script what a story what a mess!
critique6142 This movie is full of pseudo deep thoughtfulness and it's cloying in its writerly-ness that includes a canned ham voice-over and some unbelievable dialogue. Dialogue that is tinny and tone deaf the way Spike sometimes (not always) is when writing "certain" characters. For those that like nonsense films like Pieces of April and One Hour Photo this is another one for you.<br /><br />That said this comment is nothing against Ryan Gosling who has shown his awesome chops in The Believer. A film that proves that movies are a director's medium and when a movie is rotten it's fair to say the fault lies there and not in the actors.
critique6143 This film was produced by Producers Releasing Corp. (PRC) among the so-called "Poverty Row" film studios of the 1930s and 40s. So you can imagine how little money was spent making it.<br /><br />The music is forgettable. Cast member Gerra Young does exhibit an operatic-quality voice but is sort of a discount Deanna Durbin. The IMDb database doesn't show any other film appearances for her so let's hope she was able to move on to some kind of position in Grand Opera.<br /><br />The opening credits for the print recently broadcast by Turner Classic Movies indicates this film has been preserved by the National Film Museum. This immediately begs the questionÃ‚Â—WHY? <br /><br />Are their resources so plentiful that they can afford to preserve junk? Some low-budget or B musicals of that era have redeeming features which make them worthwhile. This film has none.<br /><br />In my opinion skip this movie. It REALLY wastes an hour of your time.
critique6144 The film is based on a genuine 1950s novel.<br /><br />Journalist Colin McInnes wrote a set of three "London novels": "Absolute Beginners" "City of Spades" and "Mr Love and Justice". I have read all three. The first two are excellent. The last perhaps an experiment that did not come off. But McInnes's work is highly acclaimed; and rightly so. This musical is the novelist's ultimate nightmare - to see the fruits of one's mind being turned into a glitzy badly-acted soporific one-dimensional apology of a film that says it captures the spirit of 1950s London and does nothing of the sort.<br /><br />Thank goodness Colin McInnes wasn't alive to witness it.
critique6145 In a way Corridors of Time is a success story because the movie reaches its goal : being seen by thousands. But it fails at making them laugh...<br /><br />Les Visiteurs has had its success because the subject was an original way of considering the time travel : forget about Zemeckis's Back to the future here comes the old France the middle-age knight and its nearly barbaric way of life. Full of pride funny thanks to the ancient words he uses Montmirail can sometimes be disgusting but he keeps his honor. Then comes the sequel.<br /><br />Nobody had foreseen the tremendous success of Les Visiteurs the first. And it's no use being a movie expert to realize that the Corridors of Time has been made for money.<br /><br />The general story begins after the end of Les Visiteurs and immediately tries to justify the sequel with a time paradox that would have needed some second tought. Explanation : it's no use trying to get back the jewelry Jacquouille has stolen ; don't you remember this nice red shiny and expensive car he bought at the end of the 1st episode ? Where do you think he found the money ? Selling the jewelry... And that's only one of many holes PoirÃƒÂ© tries to avoid... and fails.<br /><br />Let's have a look at the characters : Montmirail doesn't change he's just a little more boring. Regarding Frenegonde... that's another story : ValÃƒÂ©rie Lemercier decided not to compromise herself in this sequel to avoid getting stuck in the bourgeoise role. And Muriel Robin tries to imitate her in a way that I found so pitiful I nearly felt pain for her. And PoirÃƒÂ© doesn't realize that a cast of humorists isn't enough to make a good comedy.<br /><br />Forget about the time travels about the digital effects concentrate on the story and you'll see that there's enough room on a mail stamp to write it 10 times.<br /><br />The main interest of this film is the landscapes. A movie for youngsters let's say up to 13 years old.
critique6146 Blind Date (Columbia Pictures 1934) was a decent film but I have a few issues with this film. First of all I don't fault the actors in this film at all but more or less I have a problem with the script. Also I understand that this film was made in the 1930's and people were looking to escape reality but the script made Ann Sothern's character look weak. She kept going back and forth between suitors and I felt as though she should have stayed with Paul Kelly's character in the end. He truly did care about her and her family and would have done anything for her and he did by giving her up in the end to fickle Neil Hamilton who in my opinion was only out for a good time. Paul Kelly's character although a workaholic was a man of integrity and truly loved Kitty (Ann Sothern) as opposed to Neil Hamilton while he did like her a lot I didn't see the depth of love that he had for her character. The production values were great but the script could have used a little work.
critique6147 Mr. Accident is a deliberate series of non-stop disasters and near death experiences reminiscent of Saturday Morning's Warner Brothers Cartoons. Like the coyote who falls off the cliff 5 times per episode the "leading man" (more like an over grown klutzy child) always manages to postpone his meeting with the Grimm Reaper.<br /><br />This Australian "surprise" is offensively unfunny and at times even depressing. The 2 (out of ten) are is for the visual stunts (some never attempted by anyone since Daffy Duck) and the use of vivid colors (like in those high class national laundry detergent commercials).<br /><br />There may be an age bracket where this "comedy" finds a following. I have definitely passed that age long ago. Calling all preteens: Here's a "ha-ha" for ya!
critique6148 The Brave One is about a New York radio show host named Erica Bain (Jodie Foster). Her life is a dream living in the city she grew up in and loves. She has her great fiancÃƒÂ© David (Naveen Andrews) whom she is planning to marry. But one night while Erica and David are out walking their dog they are attacked and mugged by a group of degenerates leaving David dead. Erica recovers but is heartbroken and traumatized later on and can barely cope with real life anymore. She buys a gun off a guy on the streets for protection. But one day she's shopping in a store and a man comes in and shoots the clerk dead. It is then that Erica shoots and kills this man and she becomes a vigilante. Killing anyone who tries to threaten or harm her or any others. At the same time Detective Mercer (Terrence Howard) is tracking down this elusive unknown killer and in the process becomes friends with Erica. Erica begins to regain her sanity as she kills these violent people but is unsure of whether or not what she's doing is morally right. And as her and Mercer become closer he doesn't even realize the unknown murderous assailant is right next to him.<br /><br />Jodie Foster gives a very good performance in The Brave One. She portrays this type of violent morally corrupted character brilliantly. Terrence Howard is also great in this movie. Both have excellent chemistry together and strengthen the film to a certain level. The Brave One looks visually pristine and conveys some brilliant camera work but not all of it works to a great effect. The scenes where Erica is absolutely traumatized and afraid to walk out her front door to face the world. The camera swayed back and forth to the sides in an almost dream-like way and really captured the moment with essence. Whereas almost every time Erica killed somebody everything just had to go slo-mo and show her facial expressions in fine detail. The slo-mo was properly used when Erica committed her first murder. But why keep doing this effect almost every time she committed murder? The camera work creates a great atmosphere in most of the film but there a few scenes here that are just plain overkill.<br /><br />The Brave One is very much about how these murders affect Erica emotionally. Her fiancÃƒÂ© is killed by a group of thugs and suddenly her love of New York City is turned upside down. She realizes that there is a dark side to the beloved city and she says so on her radio show. I don't completely understand this though. Erica acts as if she never realized that violence can occur at night in the city and that's pretty stupid. If she lived there all her life she must be either blind or very oblivious. Erica also seems to be a glutton for inhumane murderous people. She really doesn't even have to go look for them they just to come to her as if they're begging to be shot dead for their wrong-doing. The Brave One deals with the morals and proper use of violence strongly at first and then suddenly it glorifies it. The ending is very negative and completely immoral and inhumane. It also negates the purpose of Terrence Howard's character which the movie spends so much time trying to evenly develop and suddenly his morals take a U-turn. The morals in The Brave One become very fractured and just plain shatter all over the place by the end. So violence is okay? It's a good thing to commit murder as long as it's for vengeance? I pretty much refuse to believe that. You know why? Because I have a conscience which this film surely lacks. It is not right to take the life of another person no matter how bad they are or how much you hate them. Erica Bain sets out to stop these evil-doers but in the end she is no better than the horrible people she kills.<br /><br />Jodie Foster and Terrence Howard provide a lot of strength for this movie. The Brave One contains a strong message but that message is both immoral and wrong. This movie may look pretty well acted and intelligently strong. But it becomes pretty rotten by the end. I give The Brave One a 1.5 out of 4. The message is very out of line and morally incorrect and really can't be saved by the good acting.
critique6149 This is one very dire production. The general consensus has always been that while Princess Margaret may have been spoilt and pampered and may have revelled in the excess of luxury at her disposal she was a very beautiful young woman. Here was the production's weakest point the actress failed to get that across. It also appeared that the production budget couldn't stretch to a hairdresser - from the outset the hair on the Princess Margaret character had a permanent birds nest in disarray look and looked as if she had been dragged through a bush. The actor playing the Duke of Edinburgh appeared to have prepared for his role by watching Rory Bremner imitate Prince Charles and was farcical.<br /><br />The production was a flaw ridden clichÃƒÂ© ridden embarrassing load of rubbish. I think all Daily Mail readers deserve a free DVD copy for Christmas!
critique6150 This is horrible even for a TV movie. I can't believe it took three people to write this movie. I am not familiar with the novel on which this film was based but it has got to be better than this. I'd rather watch a "Full House" marathon than this stupid movie. I gave it 2 out of 10 stars only because it was made better by commercials.
critique6151 (The beginning might be a spoiler...)<br /><br />"The Eye 2" is the sequel to "The Eye". It's about a pregnant woman who is able to see ghosts and spirits after an incident happened to her.<br /><br />The sound effects scared the hell out of me though momentarily but that's the only scary thing. Some of the scenes from the prequel are comparatively similar and repeated so the chilling effects certainly have chilled. <br /><br />"The Eye" has quite a frightening and indelible impression whereas "The Eye 2" is a forgettable horror-cum-drama film. Omit watching this. Watching "The Eye" is good enough.
critique6152 Judging by the hype and other reviews on this site I was ready for an awesome horror movie focusing on junkies. What i got was complete crap focusing on junkies. I wonder if there's another movie called "Cookers" that these people reviewed? There are only 3 main characters and none of them struck me as well-written or well-acted. Basically the whole movie I just spent shaking my head and marveling at the stupidity of these drug addicts.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor. Don't rent this movie. Rent "Cabin Fever" or some other decent horror movie. Hell rent "Mary Poppins"! The animated penguins are scarier and more convincing than anything you'll find in "Cookers."
critique6153 Look I know this may suck right now but pain is temporary film is forever. Whatever you do right now is burned into celluloid for all time and for thousands of years to come. Ã‚Â– Robert De Niro<br /><br />This was initially a film for Steven Spielberg the director hiring several screenwriters to adjust the screenplay so that it more suited his themes. And so we have a dysfunctional family that is threatened by a deranged monster in the form of a recently released from prison Robert De Niro. Like "Jurassic Park" "Poltergeist" and "War of the Worlds" the dysfunctional family bands together to defeat the beast the beast being the creation of the father a lawyer who failed to defend De Niro during his trial. <br /><br />In typical Spielberg fashion the father kills the monster that undermines the family and is then promptly absolved of his sins. Like Oscar Schindler Robin Williams Sam Niel Tom Cruise and virtually every "daddy" figure in Spielberg land the father reclaims his paternal duty in the kind of bittersweet coda that Spielberg so enjoys.<br /><br />But Spielberg eventually abandoned the picture and the project was instead turned over to Martin Scorsese who at the time was seeking to try his hand at more commercial fare. The result is arguably the worst film in Scorsese's filmography and ironically his most illuminating.<br /><br />An artist's failures or misfires are often very revealing exposing the inner workings of their art. When the story doesn't work the characters don't connect or the images don't sear we find ourselves left with a kind of inner core. This Ã‚Â– the remaining carcass- is what the director's cinema is about.<br /><br />Now "Cape Fear" is an impersonal film so we won't find any thematic connections to the rest of Scorsese's filmography ("You already sacrificed me!" De Niro yells but the films themes of Catholic redemption are cookie cutter). What the film does though is expose the kind of language that his filmography hinges on. Watch how Scorsese's camera desperately whips back and forth how he zooms frantically onto doorknobs and windows in an attempt to force tension and how his characters are all loud and screaming for attention. But more importantly watch how the film makes no spatial sense. A showdown on a boat at the end of the film takes place on an obvious sound-stage a street parade is claustrophobic and takes place within no larger context and the family's house doesn't seem to exist anywhere in particular. There is simply no geographical sense to anything in the picture Scorsese unable to film space or create any kind of spatial environment. <br /><br />The reason for this is that Scorsese's camera always has to be bound or intimately tethered to his central character. For the world around the character to make sense his camera has to be focused on the character. Resnais can take you around a French Hotel Welles and Hitchcock can dance you down a street and up a building Cameron can give you a tour of the Titanic Scott can recreate an entire future cityscape Lucas can give you an alien desert planet and most other directors can create a sense of space by textbook "close up-mid shot-wide shot" combinations but Scorsese can't do this. There's no poetry no sense of tangible space in his films. He's all about the character. You break that tether you leave that boxing ring that taxi cab you look away from De Niro and everything collapses. He simply cannot break away from this very documentarian style of shooting which in a way is a prerequisite for action film-making.<br /><br />Scorsese tried to rectify this problem with "Gangs of New York" where the space and the sets become the central character but even this self consciously spatial experiment gets sabotaged by the magnetism of Daniel Day Lewis the actor drawing Scorsese's camera inexorably toward him like a moth to a bulb.<br /><br />5/10 Ã‚Â– Even as a generic B-movie this is an ugly vulgar looking film. Look at the matte paintings the inept attempts at tension the silly rotorscoped special effects and hokey fistfight showdown. Still we have Robert De Niro to pick up the slack. De Niro who gives his body over to Scorsese like a tattooed Christ gives the film its only great scene. In an improvised romantic sequence with young a Juliette Lewis he sticks his thumb into her mouth and kisses her. A kind of symbolic rape the girl runs away both aroused and repelled by this man's interest.<br /><br />But De Niro's performance so deliciously over the top simply can't be imitated by Scorsese. You'd need the operatic tone and the baroque visuals of someone like De Palma to make this work. But Scorsese? Nope.<br /><br />Worth one viewing.
critique6154 By Jove what an unholy mess! Revenge incestuous love mechanical games-like fighting ceaseless and utterly unnecessary violence some primitive "music" hammering away at the bewildered victims big "surprises" (which actually tend to be about as "revelatory" as The National Enquirer's headlines). Add some shoddy camera movements pretending to be stylish and creative and you've already impressed the crowds. This movie's totally undeserved popularity powerfully indicates the very low level pop sub-culture has succeeded not only in achieving in the last decades but also in imposing as dominant taste on an impotent audience. (For by far deeper insights into human sufferance under mental sickness without "Oldboy"s vulgar excesses I recommend an older Dutch/French movie "The Vanishing".) <br /><br />Well don't believe there's absolutely nothing good to say about this movie. In fact there is. The (in)famous scene in which the hero (is really a "hero" an abject father who sleeps with his daughter and then attempts to obtain forgetfulness rather than redemption?) eats a live octopus benefits greatly from the vivid presence of the best actor in the entire cast: the octopus itself. Too bad the poor beast having been eaten couldn't survive its one and only act in order to obtain yet another worthless diploma for the "best actor" at the Cannes festival. <br /><br />Which festival by the way between Moore's propaganda nonsense and this epitome of worthless if somewhat exotic weirdness became a festival of the vapid and of the ludicrous.<br /><br />Sic transit gloria mundi!
critique6155 Humm an Italian movie starred by David hasselhoff and Linda Blair I wasnÃ‚Â´t expecting very much to be honest and in fact I took even less than I was expecting. It doesnÃ‚Â´t mean this movie is the worst I have seen because I have watched worse things than this but the plot was most of the times confusing and uninteresting and some good gore scenes are the only thing saving this. Apart from that you are going to love some special effects they are really cheesy and bad. Now I only want to watch "Troll 3" by this same director sure it is not going to be worse than that.
critique6156 This film just goes around in circles and the viewer does not know where they are. At first I thought..mmmmm could be kinda cool movie this but it just drags on and on and eventually you don't know what's going on. The lead female is a good actress and played her role well and the psycho fella is creepy but after a bit you don't really care what happens because this film just drags on. Shame really this could have turned out a lot better.<br /><br />Would say though that the lead female and psycho fella will have a good career ahead of them  but will they remember this film for making them known or for being the film they regret they ever made.
critique6157 there are those movies that are bad they are funny then there are those where you scream "i want that one and a half hours of my life back"...thats pretty much what this is.<br /><br />dean cain tries to be an actor but fails. the sfx are really bad (repeated scenes and rocks that look like falling paper) and the fake plastic guns that have torches taped on them...the split screen effect used to show multiple things happening at once is just terrible.<br /><br />this movie cant even be used as one of those simple night entertainers its just that bad<br /><br />if i could go negative ratings i would
critique6158 I'm not picky with movies oh I've seen so much crap I could watch anything. Maybe that was the reason I watched this one to the end. Im big fan of RPG games too but this movie its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is. The security-camera footage of a game-play would make it feel more realistic than this movie does. The lines the cuts the audio everything is wrong. In some scenes you can see that it was filmed in some photo when !!!!!(spoilers ahead)!!!!!people running around does not disturb people sitting near computers. I mean would you continue your work if you got ninjas around you? oh and the jokes about pirates that's the worst one yet in movies!!!!!(spoilers end)!!!!! At least first one felt like a documentary now it looks like someones home video experiment. You can find better movies at youtube. Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one its as bad as it comes.
critique6159 This is not a commentary on the actual movie but on the RUSCICO DVD release for North America. I don't know if there have been different releases and updates but the disks we rented had a 2000 copyright on them if that means anything. Anyway the sound mixing on these DVD's was absolutely horrible. The levels often yo-yo-ed up and down; when the scene cut to a battlefield panorama the orchestral track would thunder so loudly that I didn't know which would blow out first -- my eardrums or my speakers. When it was time for dialog the volume would usually drop to something barely audible. Occasionally the orchestra and Foley-work would stay loud while the dialog was superimposed at a much lesser level. My wife and I found that the only way we could watch this movie at all from these DVD's was if one of us kept a hand on the remote to continuously modulate the volume. And like another user has already commented when we selected English audio the dialog kept switching back and forth between Russian and English; and occasionally when the characters spoke in French on the native track the dubbing was in Russian so you're SOL if you understand neither. Ultimately we gave up watching after the first disk. Before you fork out $50+ for this movie on DVD for your own library I'd heartily recommend getting your hands on a rental copy to see whether you can really enjoy this epic flick when burdened by such bad sound particularly if you've never read the book and really want to understand the storyline.
critique6160 I am a huge Shirley Temple fan. When I saw this movie it made me appreciate what a talented child Shirley actually was. Ashley Rose Orr made possibly the worst on-screen Shirley. Imagine an 11 year old playing Shirley Temple from the age of 5. That in itself is wrong. But getting her to 'mimick' Shirley's voice? And her singing is woeful. The dancing was good I'll say that. As previous users have said there was little dramatic scenes nothing to make the story interesting. Not even Amelia Earhart... I would have liked to have seen more of the world wide phenomenon that Shirley Temple created. There was too much focus on the Wizard of Oz when in reality Shirley was just considered for Dorothy. The film portrays it as though it is the end of the world when she does not get the role. Shirley herself said that she is glad Judy Garland got to play her. For me the star of the show was the lady who played Gertrude Temple. Otherwise stay away! For great Shirley Temple films watch Heidi Poor Little Rich Girl and Little Miss Broadway.
critique6161 Jealous husband holds car dealership hostage while Williams burdens the viewer with his worn out Mork shtick at every turn. Yawn.<br /><br />Pay channel grist. An uncommonly bad script coupled with a less than convincing Robin Williams as a slick talking philandering Queens car salesman caught up in a hostage workplace crisis. The laughs aren't there the message(s) or morals are just all wrong and the film cant ever decide on whether its a comedy or drama. Pretty good cast all acting pretty badly. When a movie ages so badly so quickly you got yourself a stinker. Not much else to be said other than maybe avoid at all costs. Textbook mediocre movies like this are actually more tedious and less enjoyable than the over the top bombs.
critique6162 If there was a God he would have made sure this movie stayed in the toilet were it was crapped up. This is BY FAR the worst vampire movie I have ever seen. I may never watch a vampire film again because of this movie. It makes Zombie Lake look like The Sound of Music.
critique6163 The turgid pace of this movie numbs us to any shocks that it might provide. There was no real suspense. Most of the characters were insipid. The chesty Irish priest was as lame as the love interest. Interest is misleading. The girl that they chose to provide the film's sensuality might be better. The central conflict of the main character was uninvolving. This film is entirely devoid of positives. It is like a tedious exercise by someone who didn't want to go to the gym that day but did anyway.
critique6164 SPOILERS<br /><br />*<br /><br />*<br /><br />*<br /><br />*<br /><br />This is Tenchi?<br /><br />This is not Tenchi.<br /><br />Practically everyone is written horribly out of character ... When it comes to characterization the only bright spot is the friendship between Ayeka and Ryoko.<br /><br />Also the villainess is not punished for her actions which amount to mind-control rape. If a male villain had done to one of the women what Haruna does to Tenchi then he would have (rightfully so) painfully bought it at the end of the movie dying horribly and the audience would have cheered. But not only does Haruna pay no price for her crimes Ryoko actually FORGIVES and UNDERSTANDS her actions. No! The real Ryoko would have disintegrated her for what Haruna had done to her beloved Tenchi; the audience I saw this with myself included all booed audibly at this scene<br /><br />Anime fans avoid this movie. Tenchi fans avoid this movie even harder.
critique6165 I saw this movie when I was about 12 when it came out. I recall the scariest scene was the big bird eating men dangling helplessly from parachutes right out of the air. The horror. The horror.<br /><br />As a young kid going to these cheesy B films on Saturday afternoons I still was tired of the formula for these monster type movies that usually included the hero a beautiful woman who might be the daughter of a professor and a happy resolution when the monster died in the end. I didn't care much for the romantic angle as a 12 year old and the predictable plots. I love them now for the unintentional humor.<br /><br />But about a year or so later I saw Psycho when it came out and I loved that the star Janet Leigh was bumped off early in the film. I sat up and took notice at that point. Since screenwriters are making up the story make it up to be as scary as possible and not from a well-worn formula. There are no rules.
critique6166 Well I watch tons of movies and this one really sucked ... BIG TIME. I am sure we are all sick and tired of the low budget ploy to make Vampire Movies using some "Martial Arts Teacher" turn "actor" type of movies. I am also so tired of the guy knowing some form of fighting technique and then able to fight his way through a somewhat boring Movie. I forced myself to watch it and one of the main reasons were that the Lead Actress is quite Pretty (Ha-Ha) Well I hope this helped a bit and if you have time and want to give your Brain a rest Watch it!!! Well hopefully one day this type of movies will not be released but then hey where will all the Low Budget actors go :-) <br /><br />The movie also contains many Bloops but that I will leave to you to find because it adds quite a bit of fun while watching and also if you a bit of a perfectionist it will bother you ;-) Cheers!!
critique6167 I watch family affairscoronation st &east enders on uktv every week night family affairs is by far the worst bad plots bad sequences and the worst acting of any soapieeven worse than the Americans and that is saying something.<br /><br />I find it very frustrating that all these shows on uktv Australia" are so far behind the UK and when one trys to find out the reason for this they just fob you off with some story that they will show double episodes to catch up needless to say this never happens. I am very happy that family affairs is going  to make space for something of better quality but at the same time I would to know the background reasons did they finally realize how bad it was? did people stop watching it? whatever it was you musn't leave us in suspense Why do you feel that you have to keep everything a secret from your fans? or is it that you just don't care? I feel strongly that you should try and keep your public up to date. Family affairs is notorious for just having its characters disappear and reappear for seemingly no reasonwe do get involved in the people and enjoy following their lives.\<br /><br />I can understand why family affairs would have to come to an end even though we are so far behind here in Australia it is easy to see that the writers are running out of ideas for new plotsso many plots are being repeated and old episodes coming back.I have also noticed that as new characters are being introduced a lot of them are really bad actors like you are scraping the bottom of the barrel and ending up with the drek regards Vince
critique6168 Well the plot is entertaining but it is full of goof. To summarize things up cop/dad badly wants to save his son from cancer but the only way is by getting the transplant from the criminal(Michael Keaton).<br /><br />well criminal agrees BUT escaped in the hospital while the transplant was going on and the police and the cop-dad is not allowed to shoot at the criminal in order to save his son. (dead criminal-no transplant-dead son).<br /><br />well the police in this movie doesn't have a brain in case they never heard of a TAZER to knock off the criminal without killing him. end of movie as simple as that.<br /><br />But it when all crazy and stupid including the death of 2cops and a few doctor getting burned up pretty badly.
critique6169 How this film was made with so many big stars is beyond me. This is a terrible clichÃƒÂ©' ridden film with the worst acting any of these actors have ever done. It really surprises me that so many of these A list stars would agree to this unfunny film. What's even worse is the fact that is made almost 100 million here in the states. It does go to show however that big stars can pull in the bucks even if the film is terrible. I felt sorry for everyone involved in this snore-fest. Billy Crystal tried his best with the what he was given and the rest of the stars seemed to be walking through the motions. Whatever you do don't fall for the excellent cast because no one could have saved this.
critique6170 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique6171 Rarely does one find a movie so bad that it achieves the often-sought paradigm of having so little redeeming value that that alone makes it worth watching. "Cyclone" I am happy to report is such a film.<br /><br />I knew I was in for something good as soon as I found the videotape. I am at least its fourth owner: It has a "Used Movie Sale! $9.95" sticker on the front and a yard-sale sticker for one dollar. I picked it up at a thrift store for fifty cents.<br /><br />The Used Movie Sale! sticker covers much of the front cover artwork meaning that what I see is a truly odd blended still of the front of the Cyclone super bike a car flipping over on fire and Heather Thomas wearing Flouncy Eighties Hair with her mouth open in an expression that says "I 'ave a 'ooth ache." I saw that and thought "All RIGHT." The case honestly was enough ("with nowhere to turn and no one to trust Teri is plunged headlong into a maze of danger and deceit") but I surprised myself by actually getting around to watching it. I always make time for the really bad films. That "Fight Club" tape can wait.<br /><br />Meet Teri. Teri is a stunningly well-crafted character as we can tell from her introduction in which she and her friend do exercises that highlight her breasts and later her legwarmers. Then Teri goes off to hook up with her boyfriend for the evening that goes horribly wrong. Before she knows it Teri is driven "straight into a web of deadly double-crosses in CYCLONE." The VHS box tells it like it is.<br /><br />Left out of the box summary - perhaps out of some faint hope that actual copies of this film would be sold - is how awful the acting is. It might have been just me but I kept thinking I could read the characters' thoughts through their eyes. "This is dumb" thinks Heather Thomas. "I know" thinks Bad Guy with Too-Wide Mouth.<br /><br />A driving force (no pun intended) for the second half of this epic picture are the car chases. Those were actually pretty good although I'm inclined that gasoline doesn't need coaching on how to explode. What really impressed me is that in all the chases the streets were pretty much empty. It's like there are only twenty people in this huge city.<br /><br />I know what you're thinking. You're thinking "Gee Wilikers! I have to see this movie!" The sad thing though is that you can't find it. Oh no. "Cyclone" is a film that finds YOU. Just wait. Some day - perhaps during lunch perhaps late in the evening perhaps "when military scientist Jeffery Combs ('Re-Animator')is murdered by hired assassins" - you will hear the rustle of legwarmers and know that it is time.
critique6172 Easily the best known of all the Shakespeare plays it has been seriously let down here. Shoddy direction stagnant studio work and erratic performances spoil a fine tragedy.<br /><br />In the town of Verona the Capulets and the Montagues have been feuding for centuries but tragedy is imminent when Romeo (Patrick Rycart) a Montague falls in love with Juliet (Rebecca Saire) a Capulet. Bloodshed soon erupts...<br /><br />The studio work especially in daytime scenes seriously stagnates the energy of the play. It's a story that with it's energy deserves to be shot outdoors. Coupled with this the costumes are hideous with too many tights and ludicrous codpieces. The stage fighting looks horrendous with far too much stretching and running around to be engaging.<br /><br />Patrick Ryecart is too lightweight to be a truly effective Romeo. He manages the character's intensity when the plot gets going but his stately accent and bland often inexpressive eyes limit his range. It is very hard for the audience to relate to this Romeo. Rebecca Saire is too youthful to be a good Juliet - she captures the character's naivetÃƒÂ© but a little more sassiness would have been welcome.<br /><br />The supporting roles don't fare much better. Joseph O'Connor's Friar Laurence is fine but too many of his best lines have been cut. Anthony Andrews' Mercutio belongs on stage and not on camera. He gurns and gesticulates excessively and looks rather ridiculous as a result. Alan Rickman underplaying his role has virtually no presence as Tybalt. He did develop an edge and intensity to deliver some fine screen performances in later years but that isn't in evidence here. The Prince can be a fine role with his brief appearances but actor Lawrence Naismith fails to give the part any authority on camera. Only Micheal Hordern in probably his best role in this series comes out of this with any dignity. His Capulet is well-played and a joy to watch.<br /><br />See one of the other versions of this story instead.
critique6173 The Cowboys could leave you a little sore in the saddle. Definitely not one of Johns best movies. Don't get me wrong with any John Wayne move there is always some good spots. And this one has it's fair share. But over all the picture moves slow and just doesn't live up to the aspirations it could have been. Bruce Dern again does an outstanding job as the villain. Roscoe Lee Brown is another bright spot in the movie. The kids in the movie were average but could have been cast better. This would be a good movie for the eight to fifteen year old movie goers.<br /><br />This would be a good family move to watch with your children. Just be aware there is a couple of scenes that you may want to take a look at before you let the young ones see it. But most kids that I know who have seen the movie like it. Maybe it's because they get to see kids their age do all the grown up work.
critique6174 To start I'm not a person to rate movies that I haven't seen nor am I a person that rates movies 1's when they don't deserve it. This movie was really that bad. The basic plot was extremely formulaic and while it wasn't great the plot deserved about a 5. The part that really bothered me was anything referencing swimming in the film. I compiled a short list of things wrong with the swimming aspects of this film.<br /><br />1. No character development. 2. No sense of time. 3. Completely inaccurate swimming scenes which include: a. A team of six swimmer going to something called both "Nationals" and "regional" with no mention of how they qualify. b. This same team going to whatever the hell this meet was without swimming a real meet at any point in the film. c. The rival program goes from being a high school to a club team back to a high school and then a club team again. d. In the scene where Ellis is interviewing for a job the banners show high school state wins and placements at nationals yet the team consists of anywhere from 5 to 12 swimmers depending on which of the 3 meets are happening. e. A team of 5 guys and a girl win nationals/regions whatever. f. Said girl wins a men's 100 butterfly event. g. In this race said girl beats two guys from a team that the previous year was in the top 3 in the nation. h. The announcer changes a race from the 200 breast to the 100 breast back to the 200 again in the span on about 45 seconds. i. In the final relay the 4X100 which is being swum in a 50 meter long course pool one swimmer is seen doing two flip turns. j. In this same relay the teams anchor swimmer freaks out and steps off the blocks prompting an inspirational pep talk which lasts for about two and a half minutes or about 3 times as long as the leg would take at a national caliber meet. k. The movie begins in the month of July or August assuming that Ellis was applying before the school year started and the pool was to be closed in 3 months so assuming these things both hold true the swimmers went from not being able to swim to winning nationals/regional whatever in less than two as the pool had to be cleaned and the kids didn't start practicing for a while. l. I'm sure there are a couple hundred more I'm just trying to block them out of my memory. 4. Throughout the film there is not a single mention of a swimmers time. 5. If you're going to have a movie about swimming it would be a good idea to hire extras that know how to swim well. 6. The scene where the kid is kicked underwater is physically impossible.<br /><br />That being said all the swimming scenes were way too slow swimmers had horrible technique and the idea of being able to qualify for a national meet within three months of learning to swim is just insulting to swimmers everywhere.<br /><br />OK if you still don't believe me let me say that this movie is one of the 5 worst films i have ever seen and this is coming from the guy that owns Gigli Soul Plane Manos: The Hands of Fate Skullduggery and any number of other total piece of crap that have been put on film. Please don't go!
critique6175 Ghoulies IV starts in a museum storage facility where PVC & leather clad blonde Alexandra (Stacie Randall) is looking for a ancient jewel after offing various guards she summon the demon Faust who she worships & wants to have sex with unfortunately she lost the jewel so he's not very happy & orders her to get the last remaining one... Which belongs to Jonathan Graves (returning from the original Ghoulies (1985) Peter Liapis) who is experienced in demonic possession & stuff like that after the events of the original Ghoulies. Alexandra sets about finding the jewel so she can bring Faust to Earth permanently from the 'other side' to well I don't know actually. Erm that's about it really...<br /><br />Directed by Jim Wynorski whose very name name sends shivers down my spine when it's attached to a film I'm about to waste 90 minutes of my life on Goulies IV is as I expected complete total & utter crap from start to finish & it's as simple & straight forward as that. The ahem 'script'  cough by Mark Sevi has virtually nothing in common with the other Ghoulies film except in it's title & that they managed to convince Liapis to reprise his role which also has the added bonus of big able to use footage from the original even though it has no relevance whatsoever. The story is almost none existent the whole film is a real chore to watch it's incredibly boring & moronic it's slow it's predictable it's squeaky clean as far as blood or gore goes & it has two comic relief goblins whom I assume are supposed to fill the Ghoulies quota even though they look nothing like they did in the previous films & are in fact just embarrassing to watch in fact I think they were practising to be ventriloquist's during most of the film as when they speak their mouth's don't move... You know I don't want to talk or think about Ghoulies IV anymore so please believe me when I say this is one huge piece of crap of Elephant sized proportions don't waste either your time or money.<br /><br />Dirctor Wynorski turns in a throughly rotten film on just about every level the special effects are terrible as is the whole film. Apparently Ghoulies IV is meant to be some sort of horror comedy but it misses both targets by the proverbial mile & it is neither funny nor scary. The best thing about this film is actress Randall in her PVC & leather outfit running around trying to find the jewel & that's hardly worth sitting through this rubbish to see. There's a half decent runaway car scene with a few crashes but it looks like it was edited in from a completely different film & given Wynorski's track record I'm sure it was. Forget about any gore as there isn't any.<br /><br />Technically Ghoulies IV sucks it's obvious it had & low budget but that simply isn't an excuse for it to be this bad is it? Liapis is back in the cast although he probably wishes he'd stayed away PVC clad babe Randall is easily the best thing about this film which says a lot.<br /><br />Ghoulies IV is crap there's nothing else to say really. I honestly can't see anyone who enjoy films getting anything out of this I just can't. I can't believe that I'm going to recommend the original Ghoulies over anything but it's going to happen now because even though that's crap as well it's a hell of a lot better than Ghoulies IV one to avoid folks & you can thank me later. The things I sit through so you don't have to honestly...
critique6176 <br /><br />I used to like some of the Hollywood action blockbusters of the 80s. They had icons such as Arnie and Sly but I think the action movie in the '90s has plummeted to new depths. The worst of these I believe was Armageddon.<br /><br />The plot is shamelessly contrived and pulls off the worst cliches as it seeks to excite viewers. The melodrama is so cringingly saccharine and awful that you actually cannot wait for Bruce Willis to disappear from the screen. Liv Tyler who had acted admirably in several fine independent features directed by such masters as Bernardo Bertolucci and Robert Altman regrettably decided to jump onto the commercial bandwagon. This movie symbolises the new Hollywood aesthetic of grand special effects and precious little good dialogue or authentic melodrama. That is the norm these days and I begin to wonder if there is a role in Hollywood for screenwriters. It seems as though they just employ hacks and committees to write the facile scripts. The rest they leave to technology. There is not a single piece of grand heartfelt human emotion in Armageddon. It just feels empty and bland. I can think of only one good aspect of this movie and that involves Liv Tyler's dad who doesn't even make an appearance in the film. Steven Tyler's band Aerosmith provide a theme song for the movie - a ballad that really soars and at least tugs at the heartstrings a little when the end credits come up.<br /><br />I weep for Western civilization if people like this predictable cumbersome movie. It stands for shallowness lethargy and a decline in the human intellect. I would even prefer to watch the eighth Friday the 13th.
critique6177 Disjointed unclear bad screenplay poor photography and direction...all in all very obviously an ill-conceived first effort at commercial film-making by the good people at TBN.<br /><br />TBN Pictures has had great success in the past by helping to bring "China Cry" the story of Nora Lam to the big screen. But "The Omega Code" is an unfortunate miscue. As a Christian who supports TBN and a lot of its programming and who loved "China Cry" I still find it impossible to recommend this film to anyone. They do much good with their ministry but this isn't an example of it. Don't waste your money...go rent "China Cry" instead.
critique6178 An Epic Story of Hope constrained by budget and limited artistic ambition. Seeing as Terrence Malick produced this I expected something haunting and lyrical. Instead we get a typical Norwegian co-production ("Revolution" with Al Pacino anyone?) where - quite possibly - good intentions are scuppered by a dreadful screenplay and where many of the characters are reduced to stereotypes. The "me-Tarzan-you-Jane" English dialogue between the non-English-speaking protagonists is particularly cringeworthy Ã‚Â– one could speculate whether Nick Nolte and Tim Roth ad-libbed their own as they almost sound like real people. The story is loaded with implausibility: we are expected to believe that Binh can speak a smattering of English after having spent his entire life living as a peasant slave (his vocabulary but unfortunately not grammatical command increases impressively in the Malayan refugee camp without the benefit of night classes). Coincidence is rife; I wonder whether an hour or two has been edited from the first third: he tracks down his mother in Ho Chi Minh City almost immediately - after bumping into his thirty year younger half brother who nonchalantly recognises him! Mum gives him a gold locket (or something similar of great value) as they part but this is never referred to again. His relationship with "Me Dead Inside" Ling is supposed to provide the obligatory "love interest" but feels as artificial as Leonardo and Cameron in "Gangs Of New York". <br /><br />The voyage in the rust bucket of a boat does convey a sense of the appalling conditions that human trafficking entails. Indeed the only time the film is remotely exciting and unpredictable is the jerky hand-held footage shot from the bridge during choppy weather conditions. (Incidentally a boat cruise from Malaysia to New York via The Cape Of Good Hope and the African coast without stopping for fuel or supplies is certainly an epic journey). The beautiful shot of the New York skyline echoes Malick's use of magic hour but I want to know why the Coast Guard didn't show up. Perhaps they were watching the Super Bowl or something. Of course Binh manages to track down his blind old Dad on a remote farm in Texas with the same navigational flair he displayed in Ho Chi Minh City. I was impressed at how Nick Nolte could wander around digging fields and feeding horses on a large ranch without the aid of a guide dog or white stick. For demonstration of how a story about the travails befalling refugees could be structured and shot on a small budget check out Michael Winterbottom's far superior "In This World".
critique6179 This was a really funny movie.<br /><br />Every 1 in the movie was trying to be serious that is what made this movie so funny. I mean come on a shark's head on a human body. Can it get any funnier. Good job Sci-Fi keep the comedy movies coming. I never thought movies could get anymore retarded. If they keep it up they will have to rename the sci fie channel the comedy sci fi channel or something like that.<br /><br />I cant wait 4 the next blockbuster movie from sci fi.<br /><br />Ill be ready with a bowl of popcorn and a case of beer or a bottle of liquor and Ill be ready to laugh it up again!!!
critique6180 A really very bad movie with a very few good moments or qualities.<br /><br />It starts off with pregnant Linda Blair who runs down a hallways to flee what might be monsters or people with pitchforks I'm not sure. She jumps through a window and wakes up and we see she is very pregnant. The degree to which she is pregnant varies widely throughout the movie.<br /><br />She and an annoying and possibly retarded little boy who I thought was her son travel to an abandoned hotel on an island. Italian horror directors find the most irritating little boys to put in their movies! On the island already are David Hasselhoff and his German-speaking virgin girlfriend (you know how Germans are said to love Hasselhoff...). He's taking photographs and she's translating an esoteric German book about witches I think.<br /><br />Also traveling to the island are an older couple who have purchased it and a real estate agent and a woman I thought was their daughter. Evidently she was an architect and Linda Blair and the boy are the older couple's children. I guess they all traveled to the island together but it really seemed like Linda and the boy were apart from the rest of them (maybe they were filmed separately).<br /><br />The hotel seems neat certainly from the exteriors but it isn't used to any great effect. An old woman in bad makeup and a black cloak keeps appearing to the boy and chants something in German sometimes which he eventually records on his Sesame Street tape recorder.<br /><br />People start getting killed either in their dreams or sucked into hell or something. Some of these gore scenes are OK but not enough to recommend the movie. Though the copy I watched stated it is uncut on the box cover the death of one character whose veins explode really seems to have been cut. Much of the scene is showing another character's reaction shots since we're not seeing anything ourselves. The creepiest scene is one in which a man or demon with a really messy-looking wound of a mouth rapes someone. He looked particularly nasty. There's a laughably and painfully bad scene in which Linda Blair is possessed. I wish if a horror movie is going to cast her they would do something original with her role and let her leave Exorcist behind her (except for the yearly horror conventions).<br /><br />In the weird largely Italian tradition of claiming to be a sequel to something it is unrelated to this is also AKA La Casa 4 and Ghosthouse 2. That is it is supposedly a sequel to Casa 3 - Ghosthouse La (1988) - it's not (that's also a better movie than this one). La Casa 1 and two were The Evil Dead (1981) and Evil Dead II (1987) - again unrelated to Witchery and La Casa 3 (and much better than those). There's also a Casa 5 La (1990) AKA House 5 which seems to want to be a sequel to the fake La Casa series and the series House: House (1986) House II: The Second Story (1987) The Horror Show (1989) AKA House III and House IV (1992). How's The Horror Show fit in there? It doesn't really it claimed to be a sequel thus requiring the real series entry to renumber itself to cause less (or more?) confusion. Oddly The Horror Show is also AKA Horror House and La Casa 5 is also AKA Horror House 2. Does your head hurt yet?
critique6181 Just watched this after hearing about how bad it was and wanted to see for myself. Seriously even if you read all the negative comments on here you will be nowhere near able to comprehend how awful this film actually is although it has to be one of the most hilarious things I have ever seen! Never bothered to post a comment on here before but this piece of crap really warrants it. <br /><br />Firstly the entire plot is ridiculous and nonsensical. Brother of the lead character (either Ben or Arthur I forget which is which and frankly it's never very clear) wants to stop some kind of gay marriage by killing everyone in sight - because homosexuality is abhorrent to Christians but apparently mass murder isn't. Then there's some other crap thrown in about one of the gay couple's ex-wife trying to force him to remarry her at gunpoint. This leads to nothing but provides us with one of the funniest lines of dialogue in the whole "film" - "I don't make sense? You don't make sense! That's who makes sense!". Brilliant.<br /><br />Then there's the acting which is just atrocious. It must be seen to be believed. My personal favourite is the apparently stoned civil rights lawyer woman who is clearly reading her lines off of something yet still managing to mess them up. Enough said. The gay couple couldn't be less convincing. There's the vaguely attractive and completely gormless guy and his boyfriend who looks like that little cartoon dough man of the bisto adverts. Only fatter. And less talented. <br /><br />The "film" has also been filmed by someone who is incapable of holding a camera even remotely still and the number of mistakes throughout is amazing. The whole thing kicks off with the fat main guy in bed with a pair of boots on. Yep.<br /><br />But anyways we all know how terrible this thing is so I'd like to highlight some of the most priceless comedy moments that the "film" provides. <br /><br />- When the fat guy sets the church on fire and then prances like a six year old girl across the car park to make his escape. Hilarious.<br /><br />- Mildread! No idea what relation she is to the main characters - sometimes they know her sometimes they don't but she pops up in a couple of scenes nonetheless. Hilarious.<br /><br />- The stoned lawyer. Already mentioned her but she's so funny she's worth another mention.<br /><br />- The evil brothers dinner of crackers that he lays on for his guests.<br /><br />- The evil brother's anti-gay potion.<br /><br />- The evil brother's cats.<br /><br />- The ending which I won't give away because it MUST be seen to be believed. I warn you though make sure you're not eating at the time!!!! The tub of lard main character/director/producer gets naked. It's foul. <br /><br />Basically Ben and Arthur is indescribably bad but unintentionally the most comical thing you'll see for a long time. Literally nothing is good about this excuse for a film the goon of a director even manages to make the opening credits into a joke by writing his own name about 15 times.
critique6182 San Francisco is a big city with great acting credits. In this one the filmmakers made no attempt to use the city. They didn't even manage the most basic of realistic details. So I would not recommend it to anyone on the basis of being a San Francisco movie. You will not be thinking "oh I've been there" you will be thinking "how did a two story firetrap/stinky armpit turn into a quiet hotel lobby?" Some of the leads used East Coast speech styles and affectations. It detracts but the acting was always competent.<br /><br />The stories seemed to be shot in three distinct styles at least in the beginning. The Chinatown story was the most effective and interesting. The plot is weak ripped scene for scene from classy Hong Kong action movies. The originals had a lot more tension and emotional resonance they were framed and paced better. But the acting is fun and we get to see James Hong and other luminaries.<br /><br />The white boy intro was pointless. I think the filmmakers didn't know what to do with it so they left it loosely structured and cut it down. The father is an odd attempt at a Berkeley liberal - really folks everyone knows it's not "groovy" to live in the ghetto - but his segments are the most humorous. They threw away some good opportunities. Educated and embittered on the West Coast a yuppie jerk here is a different kind of yuppie jerk than they make in New York. They are equally intolerable but always distinguishable. That would have been interesting; this was not.<br /><br />The Hunter's Point intro was the most disappointing. It was the most derivative of the three and stylistically the most distant from San Francisco. You've seen it done before and you've seen it done better. Even the video game was better! <br /><br />Despite the generic non-locality and aimless script these characters have potential the actors have talent and something interesting starts to force its way around the clumsy direction... about ten minutes before the ending. Good concept placed in the wrong hands.<br /><br />PS there is a missing minority here see if you can guess which one.
critique6183 Avida is a game of words mingling life and eagerness but I personally think this movie was overblown by its ambition and does not make justice to its title. It gathers a set of awkward characters united by unbelievable links. Furthermore the way everything is connected at the end is in my opinion a bit pathetic. What remains of it was a set of images... an interesting one but not enough to make this a good movie. <br /><br />I believe this film is supposed to be a comedy but I surely didn't noticed! The nonsense and caricatural nature of the movie is actually the only good thing about it but when it drags on an on and on it becomes no longer bearable. I have to say I fought hard to continue seeing it until the end and I am still not sure it was worth it...
critique6184 It is fitting that the title character in Sydney White is defined from the beginning of the film by her awkwardness because the film like the character tends to begin every scene with a well-meant but inappropriate statement then backtracks inadvertently making it worse and leaving the viewer in total confusion.<br /><br />This scenario gets old quick. Now imagine a hour and a half of this throw on the most predictable storyline imaginable; add some vague Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs references and Amanda Bynes blinking in wide-eyed puzzlement and you have Sydney White...for more of my review http://www.helium.com/items/1433421-sydney-white-review
critique6185 American Pie: Beta House is sort of in limbo between genres. On the one hand it's a comedy with no plot and few genuinely clever jokes. On the other hand it's porno that's a tad too soft-core to actually turn on any viewers. Essentially Beta House is a collage of sex scenes - some humiliating others just lame attempts at humor - with a couple thin plot points thrown in an effort at cohesiveness. The characters are barely even two-dimensional most development relies on knowledge of Naked Mile and the "important" plot scenes are so far apart that you wonder why the writers even felt the need for a story.<br /><br />In all fairness I did not go into this movie without expectations. I liked the original three American Pie movies and thought Band Camp and Naked Mile were solid rentals. I thought Naked Mile was almost good enough to be released in theaters and so when I saw that some of the same characters were returning for Beta House I was excited to see this installment. I was aware that there would be numerous scenes of debauchery and sexual humiliation in multiple forms. And I was fine with it because in the past these scenes were backed by the story and were well integrated into the plot. In Beta House however it's almost as if the writers forgot why the formula in the other AP movies worked. They spent too much energy working in the nudity that they forgot to actually write a story.<br /><br />This movie is a disappointment and not even worth a one-dollar rental. The jokes are lame the story is non-existent and the porno-aspect is too tame if that's all you really care about seeing.
critique6186 With this movie only running 61 minutes and nothing all that good on television I decided to pop Revolt of the Zombies into the DVD to pass the time. Even while realizing the era from which it was coming I was sorely disappointed. It started with the oddly upbeat quality of the opening score (what - no brooding music?) and then the rather slow moving opening sequences. Gosh I figured a movie about zombies - even from the 1930s - would have SOME chills to it (White Zombie with Bela Lugosi certainly did) but this had none. Zero. It was scarcely even dramatic (except for the few moments with the burning eyes superimposed on the film to indicate the mesmerization of someone). Like the equally dull King of the Zombies this movie may be an interesting curiosity to own but nothing more.
critique6187 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique6188 As with many other pop-culture franchise series this line just didn't know when to quit. Instead of leaving things as they were perfectly ended they went on to generate this; the first installment of this franchise to fall sorely short of the mark.<br /><br />This movie should never have happened. It was not intended for there to have been a fourth movie in this line and it sure shows. The premise is idiotic and the portrayals were the same.<br /><br />After the wonderful experience which was The Omen this was a major disappointment which stank of 70's cheese and horrible acting. It was reminiscent of the Amityville Horror in those aspects and left a terrible lingering stench long after it was over. <br /><br />It rates a 1.4/10 from...<br /><br />the Fiend :.
critique6189 I'm starting to think that there's a conspiracy all right: one that involves a wallop of money paid to those who have access to published columns in newspapers and film and art magazines to ensure that this or that film despite its obscurity will reach a higher status via a ratings point which will tag it with a "universal acclaim" or something within that range thus ensuring unsuspecting folk (like me) will wander into theatres or rent the bloody thing expecting a surprise only to find myself racing to the bathroom to upchuck.<br /><br />This movie is one of them. It has definitely make me bypass any and every posted article I come across because it's rather clear that two things might have happened: either I didn't get the message that is so hidden beneath this film's inner realms as to be impossible to access or they and I watched two entirely different movies that happen to share the same name. 4 is a dirty trick on the audience. It's no wonder that it appeared and disappeared faster than you can say "smorsgabord" and that despite the rating it got on Metacritic no one had heard of it. It's terrible with sugar on top.<br /><br />Firstly there is the ever-present number four from start to finish. While having a little symbolism here and there is okay and it's been done with various degrees of success in many well-known movies this movie is panting with it. Four dogs at the start of the movie looking at the camera in a heretofore empty street when suddenly machinery drops onto the foreground and proceeds to rip open the asphalt. Four people in a bar although one of them is a non-entity. Three of them go their separate ways but are linked nevertheless not only to each other but to what their lives are not. While this concept may work the movie meanders so much -- particularly with the story of the would-be model played by Marina Vovchenko which goes into the territory of the extremely bizarre and not in a good way -- that the initial theme gets lost in translation. Or maybe like I said before I just "didn't get it." The problem also lies in that so much time is spent on Marina's story (which revolves on the death of her sister from bread-chewing no less and the subsequent shrill mourning which follows) that any interest in the inherent Surrealism dissipates without a trace. So what if the same horrifying tales that the three strangers interchanged in a bar seem to have a truth of their own? The director doesn't invest much time in truly tying them together or weaving a tighter story that could in a David Lynchian way intersect either with the past-present or within alternate dimensions or even as a straightforward mundane science-fiction story. This is an uphill battle against an insurmountable wall that only a saint (or someone into the weird for weird's sake) could endure.
critique6190 I jumped for joy to learn this show ended. This show's characters were extremely irritating. None of them had one singing redeeming quality. Damon Wayans is probably the most standable one. Kisha Campbell is... Kisha Campbell. She's just as annoying as she was in Martin.<br /><br />The kids are all very annoying as well. The oldest is an idiot the oldest girl is a stuck up brat and the youngest is frustrating to listen to.<br /><br />I guess I did like the intelligent little boy. But that's about it.<br /><br />It did the world a favor by ending.<br /><br />Let's pray that a Wayan never stars in another show... EVER.
critique6191 A friend of mine who is even more into 1970s cult films than myself recommended this one to me and in fact gave me the copy of it that I watched. However I was not as enthusiastic about the result as he Ã‚Â– or for that matter Michael Elliott Ã‚Â– was. The film is a hybrid of HOUSE OF WAX (1953) and THE Texas CHAIN SAW MASSACRE (1974): indeed I would venture to say that it served as the basis of the 2005 remake of the former much more than the 'original' did! So we have a remote and derelict Wax Museum of incredibly lifelike dummies (guess why that is?) with its apparently harmless curator (a hammy Chuck Connors) being 'invaded' by the obligatory group of stranded teenagers (among them Tanya Roberts). He also has a mad brother Ã‚Â– shades of PSYCHO (1960) incorporated for good measure down to the self-same twist Ã‚Â– who is supposed to be a mechanical genius (showcased in a 'poltergeist' which unaccountably accompanies the first murder). The film does benefit from a Pino Donaggio score but being so derivative and not especially well made to boot essentially ends up merely a redundant (and fairly muddled) genre effort.
critique6192 And also a wonderful beginning a real quick start. It keeps you yearning and waiting for is about to come. Unfortunately the high adrenaline dries off quickly but most certainly after half the movie is over.<br /><br />And it's a shame because this movie has really good ideas and explores many of them thoroughly. But that is also one of it's faults. By exploring too many things it get's mixed up into to many things so in the end you're too confused to follow any plot or characters. It's very dark and moody but that doesn't help much if it's also genre hopping just to try to fit any- and everything in it's story!
critique6193 I have read almost all the books by now and have seen the musical production in two different languages. I absolutely adored everything that I have been acquainted previously. But lately I've been running out of resources to sustain my fancy. I still have couple of books left but they are either in transit or they are the sequels which I am not in a hurry to read. So an idea dawned on me - Sink me! There are movies which I have not watched! Thus I must watch them immediately.<br /><br />The first five minutes of these series were... acceptable. In fact I quite enjoyed the variation of the reason for the denunciation however different it had seemed. It went all downhill from there though. Chauvelin was too... foppish? And I daresay too old for this role. Not nearly that dark and dashing figure with his dreadful either-or. (And what was that with random bed scene featuring him? It was way too creepy - wasn't his only love the Madame Guillotine and his only interest - his job and his only obsession - Sir Percy?) Marguerite... Prettiest woman in France? Cleverest woman in Europe? I think not. Although whatever compelled her to break into the study of Sir Percy I haven't the faintest idea. And whatever my Lord Tony has done to deserve this death? Yes every member of the League did pledge his life to Sir Percy but he would have never endangered any of them nor would have run away like a coward when his dear friend faces mortal danger. And if by any means he had to mourn his companion he would have done that mourn not just move on as if nothing had happened. Which brings me to another point Sir Percy. His portrayal was most dreadful. He was neither a lazy fop nor a gallant and elusive hero who is a master of transformations. Nor did he care too much about cravats (his pronunciation of that word alone made my ears bleed) And with his own hands he had never killed anyone. So what was that with him randomly walking around and slaughtering people?<br /><br />The costumes were just too flashy for that time period as well. This is post-revolutionary France we are talking about! Not pre-revolutionary. People in dresses like that stand out in a crowd quite easily. It was all just... gah!<br /><br />Although I must admit after I watched other parts my opinion did change slightly. Watching it as a separate work independent of Scarlet Pimpernel series it was tolerable. Just your other average hero in the mask. But for what they tried to pass it it is still miserable.
critique6194 This poor remake of the 1963 classic starts reasonably well then replaces suspense with muddled and pointless special effects. For example in the original one of the most chilling moments occurs when Nell and Theo are lying side by side in twin beds listening in terror to the noises outside their room. Nell tells Theo to let go of her hand because she is hurting her. Nell then looks across at Theo who is several feet away and realises that it was not Theo holding her hand. In the latest version Nell is lying alone in bed when suddenly she dives out and slides across the floor. It is only when she tells the unseen force to stop pulling her that we realise what has happened. And can anybody explain what Nell's final words mean - "It's about family. It's always been about family"?<br /><br />The one redeeming feature is Lili Taylor's performance but even this cannot save the film. Catherine Zeta-Jones demonstrates once again that beneath her pretty exterior there is little depth. In the original Claire Bloom subtly suggested her lesbian persuasion. Zeta-Jones however has to spell it out for example by asking Nell if she has a boyfriend - or girlfriend.<br /><br />Definitely one which should be consigned to the pointless remakes graveyard.
critique6195 Well I have been to a British University in fact I went to the one in this very film and it was nothing like that. This is a horrible badly made and acted film. Worst thing is it could have been really good if they bothered to spend more that 12p on it in fact if it really wanted to represent true British Students it should off acted like one and took out a 15 thousand pound loan. It says nothing about Uni life where was the bush diving the tea drinking till 4am the endless chats about group dynamics??? Where was the diversity and fun? Maybe I'm just being romantic but I don't remember Fresher's Week being that awful and I'm teetotal. And in the end the question still remains...a bed or a wardrobe?
critique6196 What can I say this is a piece of brilliant film-making that should have won an Oscar. A copy should be kept safe in a secure vault for posterity. It should be required viewing for all high school students across the world. Sam Mraovich is a genius perhaps the most genius writer/director/producer/chef/babysitter/walmart greeter to ever grace the cinema world with his art.<br /><br />Where do I begin with this one? Every millisecond of Ben and Arthur was so completely breathtaking! And Mraovich as Arthur wow he is so attractive I'm surprised he didn't go for Mr. Universe. I couldn't contain myself during the nude scene. I loaned this movie to my brother and he called me on the phone saying how Arthur's nude scene turned him gay. I am totally supportive of course because of this film and it's beautifully crafted lessons in tolerance. Why just yesterday I burned down a church and I wrote "for Sam and Arthur" in its smoldering ashes.<br /><br />The cinematography was the best thing about this film. When that Fed-Ex plane took to the skies amid the palm trees of Vermont I wept! Why I never even knew they had palm trees in Vermont or that people could travel on Fed-Ex planes before this film. It opened my eyes to a new realm of possibilities. This film inspired me to enroll in Sam Mraovich's school of Screen writing Acting Directing Composing Casting Producing Production Design and Real Estate. I just want to say "Thank you Mr. Mraovich. Thank you for bringing this creation into the world. We can never re-pay you enough."
critique6197 I caught this during a brief run in a Philadelphia theater. Despite its local provenance (and its relation to a hometown tragedy namely the beating death of Eddie Polec in 1994) I really have to come down hard on this movie. The director for reasons best known to himself decided to shoot the entire film guerilla-style with nonstop handheld cameras and rapidfire cuts. Such technique might work for the scenes of jarring violence but is utterly inappropriate for the rest of the material which makes up the majority of the film. A stroll down the sidewalk a brother-to-brother discussion on a sofa hell even a kiss on a first-date are all shot cusinart-style distracting this viewer from ever being able to enter into the drama. Martin also undercuts his narrative by packing in far too many topics: besides the birth of mob violence we get anorexia alcoholism divorce racism parental abuse...did I miss anything? No doubt a better cast (and a better-focused direction) would have knit these threads together as Martin surely intended to demonstrate how one moral flaw leads into and sustains a host of others...but good intentions do not necessarily a great film make. Just a sprawling mess. Martin I know you're from my town and I'm down with you man I really am...just do a better job next time like you did in Two Plus One.
critique6198 This is certainly the worst movie i ever saw? The beginning is somewhat good but the end? I still don't even get it! Magical power 300 years later goddess dancing what the f*** is that about??? The acting is somewhat not so bad.. but some place I could do better for sure!
critique6199 I have seen many good Korean Movies including thrillers and movies with darker overtone but this one sucks. The director seems to be a sadist who happened to get someone to produce some junk. The movie lacks any sort of entertainment value and is not even a thriller. I can't believe someone really made such a movie. Even though acting is OK the story line and the feeling it leaves is awful.<br /><br />I am sure I am not going to see any movies of this director. No sense of movie making and utter disappointment in having thriller moments. All this has is showing scenes with psychopath wasting the reels with badly shot scenes and showing more blood and violence thinking that makes it thrilling. Very disappointing movie and I strongly recommend skipping all the movies of this sort.
critique6200 OK with Coolio in it I should have known better! But Noooooooo.<br /><br />Within 3 mins you've encountered 5 bites from other movies & and TV shows...<br /><br />8 mins Casper Van Dien should have learnt by now! <br /><br />10 mins you're feeling sorry for Tom 'Tiny' Lister Jr. that he has been reduced to doing movies like this.<br /><br />15 mins Erika Eleniak Shows up looking like Zena.<br /><br />20 mins you're ready to shoot you're self...<br /><br />How these movies receive funding is beyond me! And yes I watched the whole thing. The Ending is priceless!!! Just stay away!
critique6201 I bought Bloodsuckers on ebay a while ago. I watched parts and deemed it just too dumb to review again. The excessive amount of watery 'blood' at the beginning is just plain obsolete - not to mention the "whip-around" wind sounds. My friends and I made a super low budget movie and the effects still exceeded this crap fest.<br /><br />As for the amount of mistakes in this movie there are way too many to count. I knew one of the actors - believe it or not he was my THEATRE teacher. HA! <br /><br />Final verdict: Don't bother with this "horror" flick. <br /><br />3 Stars (out of a possible 73)
critique6202 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique6203 Some movies are repellent but still fascinating (Pulp Fiction); others are simply boring. This movie has an almost unique feature of being both utterly repellent and totally boring. By the end I didn't care about any of the characters I just wanted all of them dead so I could get out of the theatre.
critique6204 This has got to be THE worst Steven Segal movie I have ever watched (even worse than eco-piffle like On Deadly Ground & Fire Down Below). I'll start with the good points... It's got stylish direction for a DTV movie and has wonderful scenry... That's it! The story dosen't really go anywhere it's just an array of well staged set pieces just so seagal go shoot bad guys (the body count can easily match Tarantino at his bloodiest!). The plot is needlessly complicated and confusing you forget who the good and bad guys are. The acting (I use the term loosely) is mediocre at best seagal's usual ONE constipated expression and wooden acting I can take but the others especially the Brits were down right terrible.<br /><br />What's in the package? Why are bad guys after it? Is seagal being set up?<br /><br />WHO GIVES A S***!<br /><br />When I rented this movie at my local Blockbuster (Once i'd paid) the assistant laughed at me and said it was the worst movie in the shop I could have picked! (I felt like punching him till my arm went numb)<br /><br />Anyway I haven't seen Half Past Dead or Out for a kill yet and i daren't go back for more humiliation at my store but they can't be anyworse than this turkey<br /><br />The soundtrack is supposed to be young and hip - It just gave me a suuden urge for half a dozen asprins.<br /><br />All in all this is Seagal at his WORST! The guy who's gained about 100Ibs and looks well past it he's a guy who just doesn't no when to stop he should retire gracefully NOW! and have a go behind the camera or become a Martial arts teacher or something.<br /><br />My rating 2/10 (1 point for scenery)
critique6205 Ok if you like yer monster moovies sullen stiff starchy and thunderously dull but with lots of throttling then head right for "Lady Frankenstein" a stagy costumy Italian corpse-walker. Joseph Cotten("Citizen Kane")plays the crusty old Baron himself and must have really needed to make that condo payment. Sexy Sarah Bay who has played in cow-ntless European B-films usually as Rosabla Neri including "Hercules Against the Moon Men" plays his ambitious daughter a surgeon in a ruffled prom dress. Cotten makes an ugly big-headed monster (cud it really be that much effort to make a nice one??) who immediately throttles Cotten(who took his royalty check & ran) and wanders around throttling everyone in sight. Tania(Bay) decides to switch the brain of her lover(who is old and wrinkly) with the brain of a younger man (who is "beautiful" but stooopid) in order to make ANOTHER monster to throttle the first monster Cotten made who is wandering around throttling people. Well after much exposition and some throttling the 2 monsters throttle each other for a bit Tania stabs the first monster in the back and then has sex in the flaming ruins of her mansion with the second monster - only to have him throttle her! Doh! There is so much throttling going on that you almoost overlook the fact that the film is about as exciting as a dead carp and mooves just as quickly. The Alpha Video version I saw for this review was heavily edited and one wonders cow much nekkid people were chopped out not that it would have improved the film much. Director von Theurmer previously helmed a variety of grade Z Euro-trash including "Jungle Warriors" "Island of the Dead"(as Mel Wells) and "The Crucified Girls of San Ramon". The MooCow says avoid this corpse of a film and find something that mooves at moore of a full...throttle. <br /><br />;=8)
critique6206 Mimicking its long title the movie finds ways to come close to the 90' mark. The beautiful sets are here with all that made the Hamer production values a trademark yet Paris drowned in the fog is a sign of indolent neglect. The story is obvious and can be summed up in a dozen words so there comes nothing unexpected and nothing worth more than 5% of your attention to be expected.<br /><br />The directing is heavy as a direct transfer from the stage play actors are mostly stiff as wax figures (ok this is a Hamer feature only it's sometimes better featured in the whole package). My conclusion: this movie is trash not worth the time I spend that evening. Eternal life is a boring matter and I should have hoped the guys in charge of programming at the CinemathÃƒÂ¨que would have known better.
critique6207 There is nothing I hate more in a movie than pretentiousness and this is one of the most pretentious films ever made. It's self-consciousness is obvious in every frame: "see what a profound sophisticated film we are making" the director and screenwriters seem to be saying to us and to themselves they say "lets's see how we can bore and confuse the audience even more." I would rather watch the worst film by Ed Wood or Edgar G. Ulmer than something like this. At least they were giving us honest trash and at least their films in their own atrocious way were entertaining. This film is about as entertaining as a root canal without anesthesia and thus is tantamount to torture.<br /><br />Have these screenwriters ever heard the word 'story?' It doesn't appear so. They have a concept they are able to create an atmosphere and they were able to assemble an excellent cast and elicit good performances from them. And for what? To bore us for an hour and 45 minutes? Nothing really happens in this film. The only exciting part and this lasts only about two minutes occurs when one of the soon-to-be-evicted homeowners starts shooting at the state employees who come to tell him he has to leave. But nothing comes of it. Too bad he didn't keep shooting until he hit the screenwriters. The only redeeming features of this film are the acting and some beautifully photographed scenery toward the end. 3/10
critique6208 What a wasted cast.<br /><br />This is one of the most disappointing films I've seen.<br /><br />Usually Roger Ebert does not let me down but I feel cheated after seeing this movie.<br /><br />The only thrill is seeing Elizabeth banks in her bra. That is a sorry statement about this movie. It held so much promise but it was like dry humping a transvestite.<br /><br />This is self absorbed tripe.<br /><br />I cannot express deeply enough my bitterness at having sat through this movie and hope I can forewarn you of the same disappointment.
critique6209 THANK GOD YOU'RE HERE is painful positively painful. The title is apt in a sense if aimed at the large studio audience paid to laugh like they were watching the second coming of the Marx Brothers. And trust me they are paid.<br /><br />As creatively barren as the entertainment industry has become I refuse to believe that NBC brass really have faith in this turkey. Rather I think THANK GOD YOU'RE HERE is what all of you get who didn't watch or didn't appreciate STUDIO 60 which previously graced the peacock network's Monday night lineup. You want to turn your nose up at caviar fine. Here's some lovely Alpo direct from Menu Foods for you to slop around in.
critique6210 I don't see how anyone who even likes Van Damne could like this movie.<br /><br />The movie actually starts out with some promise. I would say the action scenes at the beginning of the movie is excellent. The actions scenes with the family ward trying to save the twins is a great start and is good lead in to the main story. However the film is all down hill from there. <br /><br />It would have been nice if the director could have stayed with the original premise. That is the brothers are born in different parts of the world and thus learn different skills. One brother is supposed to be skilled in Martial Arts but the other brother is supposed to be skilled in firearms. How convenient when the time arises that the brother who has never picked up a gun before all of the sudden is a great marksman and the brother who has not been taught any martial arts is all of the sudden doing the splits and high kicks.<br /><br />The plot action etc. are just plain ridiculous. My favorite scenes? How about when Van Damne is confronting an armed soldier with an AK-47. The soldier is about 100 yards away. Instead of aiming and shooting at Van Damne he is doing a war cry like he is wielding a battle axe and running at him. Van Damne proceeds to pick up a pistol from a fallen soldier and shoots him...while he is still about 75 to 80 yards away. <br /><br />This movie has one of the most disappointing endings. Bolo Yeung is a skilled martial artist. However instead of choreographing a decent fight. Bolo is throwing barrels at Van Damne like Donkey Kong. Absolutely aggravating movie that had so much promise. If your a Van Damne fan save your time and see Hard Target or one of his earlier films.
critique6211 Hmmm a sports team is in a plane crash gets stranded on a snowy mountain and is faced with the difficult decision to eat the flesh of their dead companions in order to survive. Sound familiar anyone? I refer to "Alive" from 1993. The only major difference here of course is that a big white drunken scare crow of a Yeti shows up a few times to drag off the dead. I guess humans taste better than yaks.<br /><br />Stupid: The man in the first scene does not have a reliable firearm when hunting the Yeti nor does he have a backup.<br /><br />The plane crash is completely bogus. It would have either exploded in the air exploded when it hit the ground or become obliterated. The people would not have survived but hey it's sci-fi.<br /><br />Stupid: They survived and they are cold. It might be a good idea to harness some of the burning debris nearby so as not to freeze to death. Fire being warm as it is...<br /><br />WTF: The pilot has frost formed all over his face while he's alive and talking but oddly enough no one else does.<br /><br />Stupid: One of the guys tells the others to look for matches and lighters but there are scattered parts of the plane ON FIRE all around them.<br /><br />Stupid: They find coats and hoodies and yet there in the cold of the Himalayas they fail to use the hoods!<br /><br />Stupid: They're staring at a pile of sticks when I reiterate there are pieces of the plane ALREADY BURNING.<br /><br />Stupid: The Himalayas are notorious for its storms. It would be common sense for them to collect the debris in order to reinforce their structure rather than sitting outside bickering. There are a lot of pine trees around the branches of which make excellent insulation.<br /><br />WTF: When in doubt use a dead man's arm as a splint.<br /><br />WTF: If the one guy knows so much about the hibernation habits of squirrels bears and leopards in the Himalayas then why doesn't he know enough to make shelter and set traps right from the start? <br /><br />Stupid: When attempting to trap wild animals mindless conversation in the vicinity of said trap always helps.<br /><br />WTF: Do you know how hard it would be to cut a frozen corpse with a shard of glass?! <br /><br />WTF: The group was ready and armed to fight the Yeti while the other two were standing there defenseless. The Yeti ripped out the guy's heart and stomped the girl's head and the gang did nothing. There's love.<br /><br />So two Yetis and a convenient avalanche to bury the evidence forever.... or so we think. Mwuhahahaa! The story continues into more idiocy but the most action occurs in the last 15 minutes as usual. Nice thinking with the javelin and the chain although this is some ingenuity (with the magically-appearing chain) that they lacked in the beginning of the movie when they couldn't even make fire despite the fact that it was all around them.<br /><br />As is typical for the Sci-Fi Originals the loving couple kisses at the end like nothing horrible has just happened to them (not to mention they ate human flesh and haven't brushed their teeth in several days).<br /><br />The very end however is quote lame.
critique6212 I'm not going to bother mentioning any of the plot - this is strictly a B movie on its way to obscurity. The shock to me though is seeing what has become of some of the actors in this film. Erika Eleniak never anything you'd call a thespian anyway seems to have morphed into Anna Nicole Smith (in her Big period). Daniel Bernhardt - I almost shed a tear. He's always been a favorite of mine because of his martial arts prowess as seen in the Bloodsport series (also B movies but if you like martial arts eminently watchable). Here he is a shell of his former self - sure he's older but doing the mercenary thing and not even looking interested ... I just don't get it. Don't these people invest? William Forsythe is another "heavy" that I've always liked but his last several roles are what you would call "mailing it in". I'm not going to even mention Mr. Reynolds - his gig here amounts to a throwaway nothing more. The only winner is Andrew Divoff as usual a creepy evil pockmarked villain with a sandpaper voice that can curdle milk - the best kind! This is a movie you watch for laughs. There's nothing else to it.
critique6213 This movie is very much like every other modern horror movie. It's predictable in the way it gets build up and progresses and just never succeeds in bringing anything original or shocking to the screen. That's really the biggest disappointment of the movie that overall still had a promising main concept for a movie of its sort.<br /><br />You can call this movie a big walking modern horror movie clichÃƒÂ©. It has all of the elements in it that make modern horror movies often not so very great ones to watch. One of these aspects is a moaning and very naive little kid. Why do they keep putting this sort of stuff in movies? Same goes for the sort of drama aspects that involves the family. It just doesn't work out for the movie and is far from interesting or effective. It often instead causes the movie to drag in parts and become an annoying one to watch. <br /><br />So it has all of the clichÃƒÂ©s present but it also doesn't succeed at bringing any of these clichÃƒÂ©s well to the screen. As an horror movie this simply is a very poor one. It doesn't handle its horror or tension very well. For the fans of the genre there is very little to enjoy. The movie its story isn't too well connected and build up within the movie. Too often the movie sleeps in at parts and it doesn't ever allow its horror to fully kick in.<br /><br />The movie is also often way too dark (no doubt as an attempt to hide its fairly low budget) and it shows very little gore as well mostly due to the fact that you simply can not always see things so very well.<br /><br />You can just tell by looking at this movie that director J.S. Cardone doesn't has much talent for the genre and doesn't know how to handle its present ingredients properly. He did some attempts in the past but all of his movies have failed so far. he just keeps trying unfortunately. Who knows perhaps with the right people behind the camera's (like Tobe Hooper who was initially attached to direct) this movie still could had been something decent.<br /><br />It's a poorly cast movie with mostly big unknowns in it. Biggest name of the movie is Ben Cross but his role is just way too small and in a way also not really relevant enough for the movie and its story. It didn't even seemed like he had much fun playing.<br /><br />Just skip it.<br /><br />4/10
critique6214 Meet Cosmo (Jason Priestley) a nerdy young bookie content with his boring life crunching numbers for the mob and living in a stark basement apartment at a senior citizens center. His only recreation is watching TV and the occasional tryst with his quirky prostitute pal Honey (Janeane Garofalo). But one day all this changes when the mob boss is killed and the well-regarded Cosmo is selected by the smooth and persuasive new chief Gordon (Robert Loggia) to become a full-fledged hit man. It's an offer the reluctant Cosmo cannot-repeat cannot-refuse and he quickly trades in his mundane solitary existence for a crash course in revenge under the tutelage of veteran mobster Steve (Peter Riegert) a relaxed suburban bon vivant who relishes the job's maximum pay and minimum hours. In no time Cosmo surprises both himself and mentor Steve by displaying an absolutely uncanny aptitude for the work. Though he's never touched a gun before Cosmo proves to be both a crack marksman and after an initial wave of moral hesitancy a cool detached killer. Soon Cosmo is dispatching deadbeat clients with speed and style and his natural flair with a gun quickly establishes him as an invaluable addition to Gordon's mob.<br /><br />Reality gets in the way though when one night while being massaged by Honey Cosmo admits feeling a bit uptight and she recommends he try yoga to relax. Cosmo takes her advice and joins a nearby yoga class taught by a beautiful young woman named Jasmine (Kimberly Williams). Cosmo is instantly taken with the kind and gentle Jasmine who soon becomes drawn to Cosmo. Now if she can just get rid of her pesky abusive boyfriend Randy (Josh Charles) maybe she and Cosmo can actually start something. Cosmo using some of the "skills" of his new trade eventually persuades Randy to disappear and his relationship with Jasmine takes off.<br /><br />Writer/director M. Wallace Wolodarksy a two-time Emmy Award-winner for his work on "The Tracy Ullman Show" and "The Simpsons" has fashioned a script fusing his three genre loves: "I like comedies gangster movies and romances" explained Wolodarsky "so I essentially smashed together all three to create this film." But what he's come up with is a film so disjointed and improbable that it looks just like a very long sketch on Saturday Night Live. It's monotonous tone doesn't so much match it's droll sense of humor as underline the fact that a lot of money was spent on a vehicle for Jason Priestly to blithely shatter his nice guy image which doesn't even fully succeed because he plays his character not as a nerd but as a laconic zombie. A nerd may be naive but a nerd has passion. Passion for inwardly directed things. But Priestly plays his character as mentally deficient almost the anti-Forrest Gump. Unfortunately "Coldblooded" doesn't have the sense of scope to actually BE the anti-Forrest Gump.<br /><br />Peter Riegert (Local Hero Animal House) turns in a fine performance as usual and Kimberly Williams does her best with what she has to work with but Janeane Garofalo (HBO's Larry Sanders Show) is practically wasted in her role as Cosmo's friend. Probably not for long though. Garofalo has all the enthusiasm and charm of an apple waiting to be picked and it's just a matter of time before she'll be given a meaty role hopefully doing a tag team thing with Marisa Tomei.<br /><br />
critique6215 Characters you don't care about relationships you don't care about and you sit through all that to see the ending you knew was coming from the start. Julia Roberts usually leaves no impression on me one way or the other. She was actually somewhat endearing in this role.
critique6216 I can't believe I wasted my time with this movie. I couldn't even call it a movie. It was so bad with nothing to recommend it. <br /><br />I like low budget movies and weird flicks but this one had me bored to death. Badly made and bad acting ruined it from being curious. You have to wonder what these people were thinking when they spent money to produce this movie. I wonder what I was thinking watching it to the end. I recommend this movie to no one. How did they release this? Was there an audience who likes this kind of movie? There must be because you can find this at almost any video store. But why?<br /><br />Deserves to be forgotten.<br /><br />If you like bad movies then this is for you.
critique6217 Heart of Darkness Movie Review Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness is pretty dark deep and very profound. I would have to say reading the novel is way better than the movie. The character Mr. Kurtz played by John Malcovik was totally the wrong actor to do the part. He fit the character in "Of Mice and Men." The movie left out man key parts that I consider important to get the true message of the story.<br /><br />The movie is poorly edited. It shows a lot of non-important and annoying flashes. In the novel it has a very suspenseful atmosphere but in the movie it lacks that kind of feeling. In the book there is so much that was left to the imagination of the reader. For example when Marlow spent timeless hours and days waiting for rivets and that entire scene was left out of the movie. In the novel Marlow waited very long time for the rivets to come for him to fix his boat. This was a big source of futility in the novel. The movie added more parts that were useless and kind of didn't make sense. For example when Kurtz was talking to Marlow at the end of the book and Kurtz snapped the monkey's neck and killed him. That kind of just ruined everything didn't make any sense to me what so ever. So my suggestion to you is don't view the movie just read the book. You will understand more and have a better interpretation of the story.<br /><br />~Chris C.
critique6218 Thunder Alley finds Fabian banned from NASCAR tracks after causing the death of another driver. Stanley Adams might want to put him on his team of racers but the other drivers aren't for having him around.<br /><br />Desperate for employment Fabian hooks up with an auto stunt show owner Jan Murray who's paying him peanuts and trying to capitalize on Fabian's bad rep. He's got to take it but Annette Funicello who's Murray's daughter provides another reason to stick around.<br /><br />The rest of the film is Fabian's struggle to get back to the NASCAR circuit while at the same time juggling both Annette and his current girl friend Diane McBain. Personally I would have taken McBain she has it all over Annette.<br /><br />Thunder Alley is helped by location shooting at the southern NASCAR tracks and good film footage of NASCAR racing. Not helped by a rather silly story which delves into the real reason for Fabian's problems and his rather unrealistic recovery from same.<br /><br />Still fans of NASCAR might go for this.
critique6219 In this film Gary Oldman plays a defense attorney who was formerly a prosecutor. He is a bit tormented but is more or less playing a regular guy rather than some sort of figurative or literal monster. Funny thing is he doesn't quite pull it off. I guess you can't quite get to normal from there. Kevin Bacon was sufficiently creepy. The scene in the park was way too long with way too many false scares. And the odd sex scene with Oldman and Karen Young seemed to have come from a different movie although the rest of the time Miss Young did just fine. This film suffers from oddness trying to cover up the predictability. And failing. Don't bother.
critique6220 Val Kilmer is almost nowhere in this film -lucky for him! He plays maybe 30 seconds of screen time and his role is completely irrelevant. After seeing the film I couldn't tell you what "role" he plays in the film!!?? OK... they suck you in the first hour by immersing you in dark underground tunnels. Spooky movies filmed in dark underground tunnels easily suck most people in to last the first 30 minutes to an hour. Then you will begin wondering "why am I watching this?" I remember thinking how easy it must be for a director/writer to use dark underground labyrinths to make a film. Simply film people wandering around in dark tunnels and you have instant "suspense". But that is where this movie goes no further! We all wonder what goes bump in the night but there is nothing out there in the dark in this film but more darkness. The story is even worse. Apparently there is an underlying story to the film that I learned of "after" watching the film. But the film uses such poor dialouge that it never came across clearly during the screening. I still don't understand what the writer/director meant to say. Some children trapped underground by a misled sister in Russia? Why? Are they in our time -the same time as the characters? Are they ghosts? <br /><br />This was an absolutely Horrible film that drew me to write my first IMDb review to warn others to avoid it.
critique6221 I saw this film at a pre-release screening at the Writers Guild theater in Beverly Hills. As I recall the film's producers and director were in attendance presumably to gage our reaction.<br /><br />Many scenes evoked gales of laughter from the audience which would have been fine if it had been a comedy but it was supposed to be a horror film.<br /><br />If the audience wasn't scared it seems the filmmakers were. They delayed release for over a year. Out of curiosity I saw it again to see if they'd re-cut it; as far as I can tell they hadn't. It was the same lousy movie just a year older.<br /><br />It almost qualifies as "so bad it's good" but it's slow-paced and boring.
critique6222 I was hooked in by the premise that the show was about demons. From hell. And a doorway to hell. What I didn't realize was that I would be watching some guys run around tunnels chased by small children who may / may not have been demons for the entire movie. Sure there was some dialogue in between and great underground scenery but the lack of a plot developed characters any twists or development in the story at all was sorely lacking. Oh and out of interest there were no special effects. The entire budget was spent on actors salaries sets and lots of time running around with a camera underground.<br /><br />The ending was one of the typical lackluster boring endings that makes you say "I endured this film of boredom for that!?" If you want to see demons and a doorway to hell I promise you that you would be better off served watching the trailers to the game Hellgate : London which while shorter than this movie at 5 minutes pack more dialogue character development action plot and satisfying conclusions than this.<br /><br />The second star is for effort but overall a low score for failing to make a movie that stands out and for promising in the tagline much more than what was delivered.
critique6223 Eugene O'Neill is acclaimed by some as America's leading playwright but for things like The Iceman Cometh Long Day's Journey Into Night The Emperor Jones. Strange Interlude was a piece of experimentation he concocted where the characters on stage look aside to the audience and say what they really are thinking and then resume conversation. It was a nine hour production with a dinner break on Broadway so you can safely assume a lot has been sacrificed here.<br /><br />For the screen the voice over regarding the thoughts is used for all the characters. It probably is a technique better suited to the screen. Sir Laurence Olivier did very well with it in his version of Hamlet. But Bill Shakespeare gave Olivier a lot better story than O'Neill gave his players in this instance.<br /><br />Players like Clark Gable Norma Shearer Ralph Morgan May Robson etc. are a lot more animated in most of their films than they are in Strange Interlude. The story takes place over a 20 year period. Norma Shearer is a young woman whose intended is killed in World War I. She starts playing around quite a bit although that part is not shown in this version. She makes the acquaintance of Alexander Kirkland and his friend Clark Gable. She also has as a perennial suitor Ralph Morgan a friend of her father's Henry B. Walthall.<br /><br />She marries Kirkland but then is warned by his mother May Robson and shown that insanity gallops in that family to quote another literary work. Since Kirkland wants kids and Shearer and Robson think Kirkland's train will slip the track if he doesn't get one Gable is recruited for breeding purposes. Of course you can see all the complications this can cause and O'Neill explores them all.<br /><br />Gable is so terribly miscast in an O'Neill production but he was an up and coming player at MGM and did what they told him. Shearer does what she can to lift a very dreary story but she seems defeated at the start. Best in the film is possibly Robson who puts some real bite in her dialog.<br /><br />Strange Interlude ran for 426 showings on Broadway in 1928-1929 and starred Glenn Anders and Lynn Fontanne in the Gable and Shearer parts. Perhaps no one could really have saved the film because two years earlier Groucho Marx lampooned the stuffings out of it in Animal Crackers. After seeing what he did I don't think the movie going public took it too seriously.<br /><br />And since it's not the best of O'Neill neither could I.
critique6224 This movie sucked. From beginning to end it was predictable. There was absolutly no chemistry between Pearce and the Mumba chick. The plot went nowhere floating off into oblivion. All of these led to the movie being very hilarious in its stupidity. And I wanted to strangle Orlando Jones the guy just needs to go away.
critique6225 Where is it written that sequels must suck? Scream 2 didn't! Others didn't! But this one sure did... problems include horrible actors (only Christopher Walken could act in the entire film) bad writing (you will never understand what's going on and I even have done research on the idea of Nephilim before) and just horrible choices for casting. Eric Roberts makes the stupidest Archangel Michael that I have ever seen in my life!<br /><br />Avoid it like the plague unless you are desperate to see Christopher Walken. In that case just fast-forward to the parts where he is in the film and avoid the others.<br /><br />Yech!!!
critique6226 I thought there might be some level of worth to this movie and sat through the whole thing. I can summarize by saying it left a bad taste in my mouth.<br /><br />The movie started out OK I think the initial characterization of Herc was true to the myths. Both as a child and a young adult he started out pretty strong but not the brightest bulb. But later on he somehow transforms into a charismatic speaker beloved by all. Huh? <br /><br />Other problem: terrible CGI. The satyr looked OK but the rest of the critters just looked terrible especially the hart the phoniest looking beast in the movie. And how come Leelee Sobieski's skin was sometimes golden sometimes normal? The worst part for me--and everyone should cringe at this--was the twelve labors of Hercules. Because the producers obviously didn't want to cover all of them; maybe they thought us primitive screw-heads watching this garbage couldn't count that high. Instead of the TWELVE labors of Hercules we got the FIVE labors of Hercules. Yes the five labors! WTF?!? He did't even finish the last one so it was really the 4 1/2 labors! Just terrible. I'll take Hercules: The Legendary Journeys over this piece of crap any day of the week.
critique6227 Pyare Mohan can be safely included in the blacklist of one of the worst-ever films made by mankind. The film one of the many handicapped-people flicks that arose after the phenomenal success of Black is makes a mockery of the handicapped fraternity. Vivek Oberoi and Fardeen Khan are mere caricatures of handicapped people. While Black portrayed the poignancy and emotions of a handicapped woman and gave us a glimpse of her world Pyare Mohan shows two desperado-like monkeys who have no qualms about being handicapped and bash up half of the world to protect their love interests. Anu Malik's music is fair enough. Vivek Oberoi who made a promising start with Saathiya is sadly losing his balls quickly in Hindi cinema. Fardeen Khan was never an acceptable actor and deserves to be banned from the film industry. Amrita Rao and Esha Deol are just pretty damsels in distress having nightmarish times in Thialnd with no one to save them - except for the afore-mentioned desperados. Boman Irani as the villainous Don Toni is somewhat acceptable. Avoid the film if possible.
critique6228 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique6229 what a waste of a film once again the film industry does not trust to make a film that could have been just about the man's ideas. there is virtually nothing on his theories or evolution instead the most boring story of home life and relationship with one daughter a ponderous script great liberties taken with Darwin's life dialogue given to his character that i find hard to believe he would have voiced. Darwin never gave up his believe in a higher power he may not quite rightly have believed in the established Christian idea of God  but was not an atheist. which this film implies. what would have been a riveting and much better film is if they had started with the publication of On the Origin of Species and constructed a story of the great revolution that entailed and of an amazing cast of characters involved on all sides. instead we got a plodding boring drama mostly made up a great injustice
critique6230 I rented this movie primarily because it had Meg Ryan in it and I was disappointed to see that her role is really a mere supporting one. Not only is she not on screen much but nothing her character does is essential to the plot. Her character could be written out of the story without changing it much.
critique6231 AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHEN DOES THE HURTING STOP? That's what I said somewhere between the beginning and that other part of the movie that really sucked. This film nearly sapped all the life out of me and I have sat through some really bad movies. Coming from a true Puppet Master fan I would expect to hear myself say this but it's true. The plot is inane the special effects awful the sound track the most benawl infernal tootling I have ever heard. Oh! I almost forgot about the acting it was so bad that I forgot it was there at all nuff said. The only redeeming factor in the film is the puppets themselves they truly are the stars and could out-act all but Guy Rolfe himself(he is the puppetmaster)and although you can see their wires and strings they carry me throughout the painful start to finish of Retro-Puppet Master. In closing PM7 is recomended for true fanatics who happen to be masochists.<br /><br />Roach<br /><br />
critique6232 This is a terrible remake of a marginal but well liked movie from the early 70's. I have seen the original at least 6 times. The 1997 version is a 20 minute movie 'crammed' into 2 hours or whatever the runtime is. Cheesy storyline which by the way is completely different than the original. The major government involvement was far-fetched. There is no flow from one scene to the next. In the original you could go get a beer or hit the bathroom and still keep up. <br /><br />It only took a few hours movie time to change the oil pan on the car. It takes many times longer than that in real life. Car guys notice this stuff. Also the fool or fools that chose to trash a 1968 Charger and abuse a 1970 Challenger should be shot in the heel with a dull bullet. The fact they aren't 'car people' is painfully obvious and their passing will not be grieved. <br /><br />The actors lacked any emotion everything was cut and dried. One step above a monotone. A barmitzvah is more exciting and energetic.<br /><br />Last but surely not least the radio DJ made the statement that the Challenger hit the bulldozers at 180 or 185 (??). That is total garbage. Can you say aerodynamics or lack thereof?? Hahahaha!! This movie is a joke. Don't waste your time watching this one.
critique6233 This seems like two films: one a dreary pretentious lengthy saga about an ac-tor who is taken over by the parts he plays; the other a brilliant social comment about a middle aged divorce who is picked up by a waitress. Shelley Winters is wonderful as a waitress with another business on the side. She drops heavy hints about the need for connections her certificate in massage and her desire to get into the modelling game. I love the glimpse of her seedy flat with a kitchenette behind a curtain and her terrible seducing outfit of navel-revealing puff-sleeved crochet top.<br /><br />Do actors get Oscars for Shakespeare? We know they Oscars for impersonating disabled people wearing a lot of prosthetics or pretending to be mad. The Shakespearean scenes (which go ON and ON) are embarrassing and dated. And so are the 'going mad' scenes where Tony looks distracted while listening to his own voice-over.<br /><br />By the way Anthony John is not aristocratic. He makes it quite clear in an early scene that he used to be a chorus boy. When he quotes his father's advice he slips into a Cockney accent.
critique6234 One missed call another Asian horror based on the cell phone. I recently rented a Korean horror film based on a cell phone called "Pon". One Missed Call was just as boring as that one. Maybe phones just aren't scary or something but this move was dull and drab. No tension or thrills for me and the final monster was disappointingly cheesy and unscary. The movie dragged quite a bit in different parts and felt too long. Didn't keep my attention. It seems phones are hard to make frightening it's kind of like trying to make a pop vending machine eerie. And it is ridiculous to compare this with "The Ring" it seems every Asian horror movie is compared to it and so far I haven't seen any that measure up in the least. To horror directors - take the phone off the hook as a horror device.
critique6235 Role-reversal remake of 1942's "The Major and the Minor" has Jerry Lewis stepping into the part originally played by Ginger Rogers but unfortunately this anemic outing is missing a lot more than just Ginger. Lewis attempts to pass for a child when boarding a train; he's successful but the deception leads to a string of comic and romantic confusions. Sidney Sheldon adapted the screenplay tossing in musical moments for Dean Martin (playing yet another in his stable of second-bananas) and a jewel-robbery subplot (which is dire). Diana Lynn who played the wily teenager in the original film plays Lewis' love-interest here. She's cute; Jerry isn't. *1/2 from ****
critique6236 I am Puerto Rican and this is one of the worst documentary of I've ever seen of any type. You can see that the people on it are clueless. They don't know much about Puerto Rico and its culture. They claim to be Puerto Rican because they are from Puerto Rican descendants but they probably know less than others who are not from there. You can see while they are talking that they are contradicting themselves. If you would like to see a real and I mean a real genuine documentary from Puerto Rico then you must see "Mi Puerto Rico". That's a serious real documentary. Not like this piece of junk. Rosie Perez based this documentary on herself. I thought it was suppose to be about Puerto Ricans. They keep repeating I didn't know. Well that's about the only thing they got right on this so called documentary. I hate to see such a piece of garbage being done using the name of the Island. It brings down the standards.
critique6237 'Ninteen Eighty-Four' is a film about a futuristic society in which the government controls everything and no one can be trusted. It is a very dark film and it is one that will not make you feel good about yourself. It is about a romance taking place in this society and the betrayal of the lovers and about human nature being self-centred. The film has some very good ideas and is done well in portraying this society with the dark tones in colours (contrasting with happiness and bright colours in the dreams) and a general feeling of loneliness through objects and people and places. However despite the film's cleverness at portraying this idea the film was very slow and did not seem to quite get the idea across. It seemed to spend too much time being clever rather than telling a story.
critique6238 Worth the entertainment value of a rental especially if you like action movies. This one features the usual car chases fights with the great Van Damme kick style shooting battles with the 40 shell load shotgun and even terrorist style bombs. All of this is entertaining and competently handled but there is nothing that really blows you away if you've seen your share before.<br /><br />The plot is made interesting by the inclusion of a rabbit which is clever but hardly profound. Many of the characters are heavily stereotyped -- the angry veterans the terrified illegal aliens the crooked cops the indifferent feds the bitchy tough lady station head the crooked politician the fat federale who looks like he was typecast as the Mexican in a Hollywood movie from the 1940s. All passably acted but again nothing special.<br /><br />I thought the main villains were pretty well done and fairly well acted. By the end of the movie you certainly knew who the good guys were and weren't. There was an emotional lift as the really bad ones got their just deserts. Very simplistic but then you weren't expecting Hamlet right? The only thing I found really annoying was the constant cuts to VDs daughter during the last fight scene.<br /><br />Not bad. Not good. Passable 4.
critique6239 The two leads an Englishman and an Aussie filming an American Civil War story in Romania have not the slightest spark between them are utterly unbelievable as lovers and wholly unsympathetic. There is no story no characterization virtually nothing to keep the eyelids separated during this interminable bore fest. Renee Zelwegger also hopelessly miscast practically chews the fence posts but at least watching her embarrass herself provides some comic relief. Nicole Kidman is a decade too old for the role and has not the slightest idea what's going on. Jude Law's moron role could have been played equally as well by any of the Romanian extras. The only requirement is to wander about the forest looking stupid while watching a parade of guest stars steal the show. Not that it mattered because all of the guest star roles were completely unnecessary as they did not advance the so-called plot by one iota. And as if all that wasn't enough the auteur felt it necessary to throw in some spinning whirling kung fu jumping off horses. What was that about?
critique6240 It looks like people involved with this movie are stuffing the ballot box to boost its ratings. The good news that apparently only 18 people have seen it. I suppose that makes me the 19th. I have no involvement with the flick and don't know anyone who did and I'm a long-time IMDb user (check my vote record and reviews over the past seven years) so I promise I'm giving an honest and unbiased opinion. It's coming to you from a 30-year horror fan who has also appeared in a couple of low-budget flicks himself.<br /><br />Aside from a couple of interesting video effects "Frankensteins Bloody Nightmare" is incoherent boring and technically flawed beyond all reason. It was apparently shot on silent stock and the audio then dubbed in; most of it sounds like it was recorded with a tin can and a piece of string anyhow. More than three quarters of the dialog is inaudible.<br /><br />I watched this from beginning to end and have no idea of what the story was or even if there was one. It seems like the director is mostly impressing himself with long panning shots of the corners of table and dead black spaces that do nothing but pad the film out. That would be a problem if one were actually developing a plot and making a film that had some sense of pacing. In this case though the rule doesn't apply. It doesn't matter how scenes are shot because they don't add up to a story.<br /><br />Watching this video is an exercise in futility at every level. Whatever people who worked on it are writing and however they're trying to influence the ratings here on IMDb this is just bad tedious stuff.<br /><br />That's the honest truth. If you're thinking of spending your money or time on this one think again. It's easy to find something better because you won't find much worse.<br /><br />And that's the unbiased unvarnished truth.
critique6241 ...there's no one else watching the movie. My husband and I went to watch it last night. It's just a small theater but there's usually a decent amount of people there. Not this time! My husband and I were the ONLY people watching Dragon Wars last night! Now we know why.<br /><br />The movie was by far one of the worst I've ever seen. Yes the CG was good but that was it. The acting script & dialog directing editing etc. was God-awful! Since we were alone in the room we felt free to talk during the movie. That is we talked about how bad it was that it reminded us of The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers Godzilla Mortal Combat AND The Lord of the Rings. It was like we expected to see Rita and Lord Zed portraying commanders of Sauron's army.<br /><br />The creatures were ridiculous. You can't just introduce legions of dino/dragon/lizard things loaded down with cannons without explanation. The Lord of the Rings has a wide spectrum of characters but it introduces and develops them over 3 movies not in an hour and a half.<br /><br />The scene transitions are horrible. I didn't fall asleep during the movie but even though it was an overly simple plot I found myself getting lost in the plot holes.<br /><br />The characters were caucasian Americans but spoke almost with broken English because of the badly written dialog in the script.<br /><br />The final scene that could have redeemed some value of the movie...failed. Ethan didn't cry when Sarah died...though he hadn't known her for very long during THIS life anyways. He didn't seem too upset to be left in "Mordor" not knowing where he was or how to get back. We couldn't for the love of God figure out where he was or how he got there either but if he wasn't upset we shouldn't be either.<br /><br />Oh and why did the dress that Sarah's spirit was wearing look like she borrowed it from Queen Elizabeth? One more thing...all 3 of the main hero characters were reincarnations brought back to finish the job. Sarah completes her task and moves on to the afterlife. Jack does this as well. Then why does Ethan get screwed? He's left alone without the girl without a map/compass/helicopter to help him get back. What's he supposed to do? Send smoke signals? And IF he gets back home does he just go back to his job? He should have been given the same mercy of getting killed out of the movie that the other heroes had.<br /><br />Don't waste your time or money on this movie. We only stayed til the end because we'd paid for it but as soon as the credits hit we were out the door.
critique6242 This really is the worst film I have ever seen. Ever. Period. I actually paid Ã‚Â£3.50 to watch this steaming turd of a movie. Incredibly dull poorly acted dire script often incoherent and too many scenes that don't seem to have any relevance to the overall film (like when Heath Ledger's priest partner get's nailed to a wall by a ghost...what was the point in that scene? answers on a postcard please...)<br /><br />I should have got a medal for sticking with this film for it's entire running time. I would rather take a strong kick to the groin than sit through this film again.<br /><br />This should be cast into IMDb's bottom 100. Hopefully my vote of 1/10 will help it on it's way.
critique6243 Hellborn starts as a young psychiatric doctor named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) takes up his residency at St. Andrews insane asylum or 'mental illness facility' as they like to call it there. With nearly 600 patients Bishop meets his boss Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne) & is put to work he gets ward 'A' where some seriously deranged & dangerous patients are held. If that wasn't bad enough during his first round of visits Bishop finds a dead body & has threatening sounding graffiti messages sprayed over his room. Bishop starts to hear stories from the patients about sinister goings-on at the asylum & soon finds out for himself the stories have more than a hint of truth about them...<br /><br />Known as Asylum of the Damned in the US this supernatural horror film was directed by Philip J. Jones & I sort of liked it but in the end there were too many unsatisfying elements for me to totally enjoy it. The script by Matt McCombs takes itself pretty seriously & I quite liked the basic idea behind & some of it's ideas but there are a few things which work against it. For a start the film is just too slow the story is pretty good & doesn't give itself away too early but it takes an absolute age for it to get going & I was rapidly losing interest with each passing minute. I also thought the so-called twist ending was far too predictable & the ending itself far too bland & forgettable. It's a shame because I liked the story the character's the setting & some of the ideas but it's simply too slow & frankly dull to keep one entertained over it's 90 minute duration. It's one of those films which I would like to recommend but in all honesty I can't.<br /><br />Director Jones does a good job this is actually a well lit & quite atmospheric film. I wouldn't say there's anything scary here. I'm not sure if Hellborn was shot in a real insane asylum but if it wasn't they did a great job on the sets & the film looks pretty good overall. Unfortunately there is a real lack of gore or action there are two hand-print shaped wounds & a severed tongue & that's it absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or gore which has to go down as a disappointment. Depending on who you believe & which review you read the special effects are either the worst ever or very good well as a devoted watcher of low budget horror I was very impressed with the effects especially the demon thing which looks mightily impressive & is a man in a suit type effect rather than a terrible CGI computer graphic although it's an impressive suit. It all depends on your expectations I suppose.<br /><br />Technically the film is good it looks nice enough & the lack of CGI computer effects is something I welcome. The acting isn't great though it certainly could have been better.<br /><br />Hellborn is a film that disappointed me there were some good stuff about it but at the same time some terrible stuff which unfortunately outweighs the good. I sort of liked parts of it but as a whole 90 minute viewing experience I'd find it totally impossible to recommend to anyone.
critique6244 I wasn't at all a fan of the 2005 gore fest hit "Hostel" and most of these lame ass knock-offs are just as bad or worse - yet "Live Feed" managed to keep me somewhat entertained for about the first 30 minutes. Started off with plenty of sex and sleazy settings followed by some good death scenes involving the Chinese Organized Crime Squad and a 7-foot leather-aproned butcher... What put me out of the movie was the tough 'hero' with the guns and a grudge saving the day... I would call this movie mediocre at best since a premise mainly involving obnoxious young people being slaughtered in a seedy porno theater doubling as a hideout for the mafia is appealing to me. If only the torture was prolonged enough to be thoroughly effective then my rating would have differed greatly. Unfortunately most of the gruesomeness is heaped together in one scene leaving the rest of the movie to conclude as a revenge-type scenario. So basically it IS just a low-budget "Hostel" rip-off with the redeeming use of gratuitous sex almost constant during the first half of the film... Overall I would say don't bother with this one.
critique6245 Holy crap. This was the worst film I have seen in a long time. All the performances are fine but there is no plot. Really! No plot! A bunch of clowns talk about this and that and that's your film. Ug... Robert Duvall's character is senile and keeps asking the same people the same qestions over and over. This earns him the same responses over and over. I am pretty sure this film got upto a six because people think they should like it. Good performances with famous and well regarded actors but the actual complete work is a steamy turd. Well maybe that's a bit deceptive since steam rising from a fresh pile sounds a little like something happening and in this film NOTHING HAPPENS! Sack
critique6246 From it's uninspiring title to the flat acting performances Curdled is very much an unremarkable film throughout. The film has gained some fans by way of the fact that Quentin Tarantino's name is attached to it and the silly and out of place nod to the Rodriguez/Tarantino flick 'From Dusk till Dawn'. These things do not make a great movie however and this is more than evident all the way through 'Curdled'. The film suffers from an all too obvious lack of ideas and it tries to mask this with murders that are meant to be stylish and events that are supposed to be disturbing. The Mexican music score that accompanies many of the sequences in the film is obviously meant to be cool but it's becomes annoying very quickly; especially as aside from the fact that the lead character is Mexican it doesn't fit with the tone of the movie. The film's plot is typically offbeat and it follows a gorehound who because of her obsession with grisly murders takes a job with a firm that cleans up murder scenes. It sounds boring and it is.<br /><br />William Baldwin is the only 'name' on the cast list and even he doesn't make an impression. He hasn't been given anything to do in the movie and aside from talking to his victims and standing around trying to look menacing he's pretty much wasted. Angela Jones or rather; the taxi driver from Pulp Fiction takes the lead role as the murder obsessed young woman and it is always clear that it's her involvement with Pulp Fiction that won her this role not her acting ability. She may have been good enough in her small role in Tarantino's masterpiece but she doesn't have the talent to lead a film by herself. She looks lost and out of place for the majority of the film and if it weren't for her Latino accent; she wouldn't convince the audience that she's a weirdo on any level. Curdled is a one hundred percent-proof piece of forgettable trash. Films like this often win themselves praise for invention or black comedic antics; but this one fails on all levels. Whether you're a Tarantino fan William Baldwin fan horror fan or just a movie buff; this is one to miss.
critique6247 As I sat subjected to this televised mediocrity I wondered why? Why did Dianne Keaton agree to this trash? The movie uses meaningless contrived plot lines to deliver trash to homes of thousands. The movie takes a political agenda to a new level. The movie was meaningless and all creditability was lost to the excessive use of stereotype. <br /><br />It was obvious that Keaton tried to make this movie worthwhile but in the end she needs to remember the age old adage that you cannot polish a turd. I hope that you did not waste your New Year's Day watching another mindless made for TV movie. I now know why the networks started airing series on Sunday night to rid us of trash!
critique6248 While this isn't an all time classic comedy it is a pretty good little movie to watch if you catch it on a rainy Saturday morning with not a lot else going on right then.<br /><br />Harold Lloyd plays Ezekiel Cobb an American coming home after growing up in China where his dad was a missionary.He has come home from China to find an American wife and plans to return to China to continue his father's work.Cobb unwittingly is recruited to run for mayor of his corrupt home town when the existing political machine that controls the town realizes that he would make a perfect patsy to run against the current mayor who also is the head of the town's underworld.They figure the bumbling stumbling Cobb has no chance to win and therefore the current mayor continues to run the town and run his schemes which makes them all rich.<br /><br />Lloyd isn't doing the physical comedy here like he did in his silent films.He does a convincing portrayal of Cobb with a reserved understated dignity.The acting was good from all involved and the story and script were also quite good.<br /><br />Being made in 1934 the film does have some rather racist language when talking about the Chinese and it also has a typical black character from that era but these stereotypes aren't nearly as mean as I've seen from other films from that time.<br /><br />Although not close to being Lloyd's best film this movie does entertain and Lloyd is very good as Cobb.You won't be blown away by this film but it may be enough to peak your interest in Lloyd and make you want to see more of his work.
critique6249 With all due disrespect for this George Stevens Sr. "epic" of miscastings and misreadings I can only wonder that the James Dean "legend" could survive this outing I submit that then-studio obeisances to bankable box office "giants" came a cropper of its own 'gigantismoses'. Nor were Rock and Liz that much better off. Let us just say that the televised "Dallas" was the authentic "heir" even if contemp(tuous) latterday "Texans" like Lay and DELay not to mention our putative "president" of these here Yewbenighted States of Amurrika perform a one-upsmanship of dastardly global dimensions. I never read Edna Ferber's original but will lay odds it is head and shoulders superior to what got on screen herein. And all those well-paid I would imagine "supporting" actors of note and celebrity notwithstanding "Giant" is to me at least a midget of scant merit never mind the promo campaigns.
critique6250 I can remember reading that Darwin had a pivotal experience in the Galapagos islands seeing the vast range of animal life there and intern penned his theory of evolution. Not according to this movie-it was inspired by the British countryside. OK and as John Cleese would say-Right-. I also did not think that Darwin was a man suffering from deep personal conflict and someone who suffered dark reveries and flights of anguish. According to this film he was. It is sad that he apparently lost one of his daughters to illness but I don't think him losing a family member would have impacted on the mans scientific abilities very much. Well not according to...you get the picture. I think there is nothing worse than when science gets turned into fable and to an extent this film comes off as trying to debunk evolutionary theory by saying it came from a man who was emotionally unstable which to me is just plain gross. I think Charles Darwin was the soul of scientific enquiry cool and calm and always thinking logically. This film seeks to dramatize the undramatic and sensationalize clear headed scientific exploration. It is like a Canterbury Tale. I would not recommend it.
critique6251 Indian burial ground: If those three words appear anywhere in a real-estate listing look for a different neighborhood. A young couple with a young daughter and a toddler-age son move into a Maine house adjacent to a pet cemetery--and after a l-o-o-o-ng hike an ancient Indian burial ground. Seems the Indian ground can bring Fido or Fluffy back from the dead--if you don't mind having a raving hell beast for a pet. It can do the same for dead people--if you don't mind having a homicidal zombie around the house.<br /><br />Throw in a busy two-lane blacktop speeding big rigs a well-meaning (if somewhat dim) old neighbor and one kid who really doesn't get enough supervision and I think you can figure out what happens from there--an over-the-top illogical mess which in all fairness does offer up a few scares.<br /><br />Well there are worse Stephen King adaptations (such as "Maximum Overdrive" which King also directed). But there are far better ones too (such as "Salem's Lot" "The Dead Zone" and both versions of "The Shining").
critique6252 Where do we start with an offering like this? I nearly said film but that would be going a step too far. The only thing hellish about this film is that it is certainly a marriage made in hell between nothing and nonsense baloney and balderdash. These films should carry a physiological health warning so as not to damage one's spirit to the point where one might believe that all good film makers have left the planet and their resources have been handed to the dunderheads who have make this classic piece of trite garbage just like it's sister in arms "League of Extraordinary Twaddle". They are neither science fiction nor fact entertaining nor thought provoking humorous nor weighty but lay in a twilight zone devoid of any and all accoutrements that entice people to give up their valuable time sit in a darkened room and generally be more enlightened enlivened or happy at the end of it. If we could award "Turkey" points for films like this this would be a turnip as we would gone through the turkey ham potatoes sprouts gravy and all other embellishments before reaching rock bottom.
critique6253 This film is about a grieving wife who lost her husband through suicide. She is tormented by her son who refused to speak after that.<br /><br />Child grief is rarely explored on film so it is refreshing to see a film like Addison's Wall. However due to the very nature of the film there is no tension or drama. Apart from a few key emotional moments everything in the film is very plain. The abrupt ending that does not solve any mysteries certainly do not help the film to be more watchable. Addison's Wall could have been much better such as exploration of the contents of the wall a more intensive care program to help Addison to go through his trauma. Instead the film feels very unfinished and non engaging.
critique6254 Any time a movie feature a dwarf or a midget in a prominent role the odds are 10-to-1 that the director threw him in because he didn't know what else to do to keep the movie interesting. In this case the featured little guy isn't all that bad - he manages to keep his dignity for most of his scenes (except the part where he drags the leading man down the stairs of the dungeon) but the movie itself uses him like a doggie chew toy. <br /><br />The problem here is a common one with low budget exploitation movies - there's a germ of a decent idea in here but the director and the screenwriter don't know how to develop it. A good director would take the various story elements - brain transplants mad doctors with secret labs and a dungeon car chases fist fights dim-witted monstrous Frankenstein style assistant mind control betrayal and conspiracy etc...and make an exciting involving film full of cheap thrills and fun. <br /><br />Instead what we get here is a bunch of people stumbling around and arguing in the doctor's lab then a cheesy operation where the patient bleeds tempura paint followed by some of the same people stumbling around and arguing in the doctor's lab some more followed by another subgroup of the initial group driving around and having an accident followed by a dungeon escape scene that is mostly about a woman putting her shoes back on followed by a rooftop chase (the actual high point of the movie) followed by a confusing series of events where everyone in the movie apparently escapes from everyone else followed by a lovely stroll in the countryside where everyone either chases bumps into attacks or escapes from everyone else AGAIN followed by well not much else. <br /><br />Somewhere in here is a scary peroxide blonde dressed in white a well meaning heroic type who is sort of blandly good looking a three foot lab assistant a big lunk with a mass of melted rubber pasted to one side of his face a kid who wonders into the middle of the movie to provide more of the "frankenstein factor" a brunette who sort of falls in love with the hero for no apparent reason and the mad doctor himselfwho must be the luckiest man in the history of evil super-villains because nothing goes according to his plan but things work out for him anyway... and all because he remembered to stick an electrode into the transplanted brain at one point in the operation. <br /><br />This was by no means the worst movie I've seen or even the worst exploitation movie I've seen or even the worst badly made exploitation movie I've seen but it just lies there oozing cheapness and inattention to detail at every point and there is no real reason for even bad movie enthusiasts to watch it.
critique6255 This incredibly overrated anime television series (26 episodes 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his girl classmates) who pilots a giant robot to defend Japan against invading beings called Angels. There is very little explanation given to the Angels or why their numbers have increased in recent times and they just seem to pop out of nowhere for no apparent reason (why not attack all at once instead of at spaced out intervals that are convenient for the humans you're attempting to destroy?). The robot fight scenes attempt to employ a variety of obstacles but the action itself is poorly executed and boring to watch. Almost every episode seems like a waste of space where nothing of interest occurs.<br /><br />Some might be intrigued by fans who mention the (very few) symbolic references herein but that's all they are - shallow one-liners to religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly tossed in with zero craftsmanship. As a whole the series is incredibly tedious due to the superficiality of the characters who are really nothing more than self-pitying crybabies. The psychology is pathetic with hopelessly simplistic conflicts like "I hate my father" repeated over and over and over and over again with no progression beyond their face value. It's no understatement to say that these characters plunge this series from time-wasting mediocrity to anger-inducing garbage during the final episodes with their endless angst-ridden diatribes of excessively repetitive psychobabble (some of which is totally meaningless).<br /><br />I'm not kidding when I say that this series just got worse and worse as it progressed. Every day I'd look at the DVD set sitting on my living room table and say to myself "Damn I've gotta watch the next episode at some point. (sigh) I may as well slug through another one tonight." The real kicker was that the episodes were only 25 minutes long yet they were somehow able to digress into a completely uninteresting borefest within the opening 10 minutes. This is coming from a guy who will happily sit through 150-minute films with glacial pacing so my criticism of this series is most damning indeed.<br /><br />Never in my entire life have I despised watching a series as much as "Evangelion." I had already purchased it based off of all the fanatical comments on IMDb and I certainly wasn't going to let it collect dust after spending my hard-earned money. What followed was 10 hours of pure unmitigated torture. My love/hate relationship with anime is turning into a hate/love relationship after this highly acclaimed disaster.<br /><br />"Evangelion" represents everything anime should NOT be - massive quantities of dull pretentious tripe under the guise of intelligent cinema. The universal acclaim for this piece of crap is simply unbelievable; and the ridiculous assertions by fans that this series as "one of mankind's greatest achievements" is probably the most stupifying comment I've ever heard on IMDb - and I've seen some doozies.
critique6256 After watching this film I thought to myself they really glossed up Errol Flynn's life! The movie is really nice eye candy. They really got the 1930s and 1940s atmosphere of Hollywood just right. The costumes were great. All the women looked glamorous and all the men looked handsome and debonair.<br /><br />Is this a serious film about Errol Flynn's life? Nah! It's a fun movie based on all the scandalous stuff he did in his life.<br /><br />Why am I critiquing this film? This is a film that had a lot of promise but failed to deliver. Duncan Reagher was really good as Errol Flynn. He was not as good looking as the original but he made you believe that Flynn was not just a handsome playboy who did not take himself seriously but as a man who although gifted with great talent was kind of disturbed and unhappy inside. Flynn's love life was a disaster considering he had so many failed marriages. He also lost a lot of good friends during his life. He also suffered from unrequited love for the elegant Olivia DeHavilland. The last scene of the film showed Errol kind of begging for Olivia to stay with him and instead she walks away. He is shown in his tux looking really empty and slowly walking around the pool as he pours his drink into the pool. It was a sad way to end the film but kind of fitting because everyone knows by now how he eventually fell apart from his alcoholism and his dissipated lifestyle.<br /><br />This film could've had much more depth could've been better well-written. Sure they showed all the scandals but they never showed Errol Flynn's human center. Surprisingly Duncan Reagher was able to put some emotional depth into the character of Errol Flynn even though the film writing didn't put any depth there.<br /><br />I'll probably never see this film again but I can still remember after viewing this film "Gosh this could've been so much more.....!" I give this film a D+.
critique6257 John Carpenter's career is over if this sad excuse for a movie is any indication. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact Bon Jovi and the two Vampire girls Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover probably all fit in the same clothes. In short it was hard to tell which one was cuter in an anorexic ramp-model sort of way. Bon Jovi has the most charisma. At least he looks happy when he is smiling. The two Vampire Girls on the other hand are all cramps and complaints. At one point they are about to give each other a wet kiss but stop. Amazing how each Vampire movie has some set of morays for the respective vampires. At one point Arly Jover is providing fellatio to a very dumb Vampire Hunter and then she sucks his blood while doing the sex act. It would have been an erotic moment except that it was filmed like a total goof and the male actor looked mildly amused as he watched Arly Jover move her head to mimic something that was very obviously not happening. As far as gore is concerned a few heads are ripped off and the blood spurts profusely. These scenes have so little suspense or build-up that when they happen it is almost funny and there is no "horror" pay-off from the scene. All you get as a member of the audience is a feeling of "Wow that sure was a lot of red paint splattering on the walls. I wonder who has to clean it up." Throughout the movie these Vampire Hunters who are obviously trying to kill Arly Jover (the top vampire in the world??) keep reaching out to her. At one point Bon Jovi goes into the abandoned Church and after he just shot her with an arrow (and has done so on other occasions) he says "I am not trying to hurt you. I just want to talk to you. I want to get to know you." HUH?? Of course the dumb vampire Arly jumps out to say hello and Bon Jovi sticks her again with another impaling device. "Why Can't We Be Friends" the 1970s hit song by WAR should have been the theme song for this movie. Aside from all of the other silly moments there is a transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner has all her Vampire blood removed and the town people all line up to donate blood for her transfusion. I guess Blood Type is not important? Anyhow all her Vampire blood is removed. Bon Jovi then decides that if that blood is transfused into him he can beat Arly by becoming a vampire also. Of course as the vampire blood is transfused into him none of his healthy blood is removed. So apparently Bon Jovi is walking around with twice as much blood as any human can have in his body. And just like the first VAMPIRES this one also has the vampires-bursting-into-flames special effect.
critique6258 Don't bother to watch this film would be better advice if you like Marilyn Monroe in her other roles. This was a huge disappointment considering the great cast not just Marilyn.<br /><br />The story was just nothing certainly nothing like described on the VHS box of course. There simply was no suspense precious little excitement and too many dull spots most of them trying to show why "Nellie" (Monroe) was so messed up. This was not a good role for Monroe even though I didn't need to see this character to know she could act. "Some Like It Hot" alone was good enough evidence for me. But this role just didn't fit her and it's no surprise it wasn't one of her more popular films.<br /><br />It's also too bad a film had the waste of the talents of actors like Richard Widmark Anne Bancroft Elisha Cook Jr. Jeanne Cagney Donna Cocoran and others. <br /><br />Summary: it's not entertaining and entertainment is the name of the game.
critique6259 Steve Carpenter cannot make horror movies. First of all the casting was very wrong for this movie. The only decent part was the hot brown haired girl from Buffy the Vampire Slayer. This movies has no gore(usually a key ingredient to a horror movie) no action no acting and no suspense(also a key ingredient). Wes Bentley is a good actor but he is so dry and plain in this that it's sad. There were a few parts that were supposed to be funny(continuing the teen horror/comedy movies) and no one laughed in the audience. I thought that this movie was rated R and I didn't pay attention and realized it had been changed to PG-13. Anyway see this movie if you liked I Still Know What You Did Last Summer. That's the only type of person who would find this movie even remotely scary. And seriously this is to you Steve Carpenter stop making horror movies. This movie makes Scream look like Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
critique6260 An innocent man (Steve Guttenberg) has a one-night stand with his boss's wife (Isabelle Huppert). She spots a woman (Elizabeth McGovern) being attacked outside but she can't call the cops because it would blow her marriage to Gutenberg's boss (Paul Shenar). So Guttenberg honest citizen that he is when he discovers that another woman was attacked and killed nearby only half an hour later comes forward and claims to have witnessed the first attack merely intending to pass on the information given to him by Huppert. Well -- never bear false witness against thy neighbor as they say.<br /><br />This simple attempt to help the police nab a murderer turns rapidly twisted. When he meets the first near-victim McGovern she immediately twigs to what happened but agrees to keep quiet for the moment. But then Guttenberg finds himself in court supposed to identify the heavy (Greenquist) and we discover through cross-examination that he is NEAR-SIGHTED and can't identify objects at a distance let alone faces. (Not that it matters because after all he never saw the creep in the first place.) The plot gets practically labyrinthine. Guttenberg winds up the chief suspect when Huppert is murdered too.<br /><br />He barely escapes arrest and holes up with the now-sympathetic McGovern. Guttenberg and McGovern hatch a plan to trap the murderer. She will serve as bait. They'll follow the flagitious creep into one of his seedy haunt and McGovern will act like the doxy that the murderer is attracted to just to get him to try to kill her. But everything will be okay see because not only will Guttenberg keep a close watch on her and not only will he alert the police a few minutes after she enters this dive but she will keep a can of mace handy -- just in case.<br /><br />I ask you the alert viewer does this scenario unfold as planned? Elizabeth McGovern has a quirkily interesting bone structure. She seems all mandible and tiny mouth at times but she's vibrant. Steve Guttenberg has hair on his brawn and that's about it. Otherwise he's as helpless as the character he plays. If Isabelle Huppert can act it isn't evident in this film. The killer is so formed and so groomed that he looks like he's wearing one of those masks of deformity in that Twilight Zone episode about greedy heirs.<br /><br />Didn't the director Curtis Hanson go on to make "L.A. Confidential"? That was a nicely done piece of work. Here everything seems clumsy and contrived down to the small bit parts. Just before the inevitable violent climax a uniformed police officer is introduced to delay McGovern's rescue and the scene is embarrassing to watch. Dick Olsen has a bit part as a late shopper. He's a neat guy and always reliable. Paul Shenar as the cuckolded hubby has a striking face that seems made for the stage and he does a fine job too.<br /><br />That louche joint where McGovern attracts the attention of the murderer where she plays pool with a couple of hairy apes was shot at a bar in Carolina Beach in North Carolina not far from where I lived. The way the interior is set up it's clear that this is supposed to be a dangerous and dirty dive. Actually it appears rather more elegant on screen than it did in reality.<br /><br />Overall this is Hitchcock territory and it brings tears to the eyes to imagine what he would have done with this story.
critique6261 I chose this movie because I was looking for a triangle friendship between a girl & two boys. As I lived this situation and get lost in it I hope a similar story would inspire me. <br /><br />My major concerns are: - Why (a) & How (b) the triangle forms ? - Why (c) & How (d) the triangle degenerates ?<br /><br />(a) The movie offers a plain answer: "because it's better !". <br /><br />(b) here it's an open triangle: the three share things together. Mine was a closed one: every ones knows the others but never the three are together or speak about the missing one: <br /><br />(c) The movie doesn't offer spoken explanations but rather prefer visual & emotional assumptions: the end comes with sensuality sexuality coming up in the triangle or more accurately when for one member deep feelings are tied with intimacy and as for the latter and the former they can be divided. I agree with that.<br /><br />(d) In the movie & in my story silence is the proof that something isn't well.. And in a ironic and painful way the tool for this sad times is always the phone: I lived this dreadful planned phone-call: "Call me back: I wait you"Ã‚Â… and when time comes the phone is silentÃ‚Â…. A variation is also shown when the line is connected but one refuses to speakÃ‚Â… All those scenes were very very hard to see for me.<br /><br />If the movie was a great help in that way he got also a lot of flaws:<br /><br />- I zapped on the boy's family problems<br /><br />- why the shower scene on the DVD cover is cut on the movie? <br /><br />- how Mickael gets finally into the hotel ? <br /><br />- is ClÃƒÂ©ment always seeing SalomÃƒÂ© ? he says "no" but has her address; and who is the girl with him in the bar: his girlfriend ? how can she knows about the address ???<br /><br />- what finally happens to Vanessa: the ring at the final shoot is a proof of engagement ??? with whom ?????
critique6262 There have been some low moments in my life when I have been bewildered and depressed. Sitting through Rancid Aluminium was one of these.<br /><br />The warning signs were there. No premiere (even the stars didn't want to attend) and no reviews in magazines. The only reason I sat through the film was in the hope that I might catch up on some sleep.<br /><br />Nothing in the film was explained. The narration was idiotic. I cheered at one point when the lead of the film appeared to have been shot then to my growing despair it was revealed that he hadn't really been shot dampening my joy. I sincerely hope all involved in the film are hanged for this atrocity. <br /><br />There were some positive aspects mainly unintentional moments of humour. For example the scene in which the main character for some unknown reason feels the need to relieve himself manually in a toilet cubicle while telling the person in the next cubicle to put his fingers in his ears.<br /><br />My words cannot explain the anger I feel so I shall conclude thus.<br /><br />Rancid Aluminium: for sadists wastrels and regressives only who want to torture themselves.
critique6263 The day has finally come for me to witness the perpetuation of Azumi's fate as an assassin fruition of her character and the ultimate attempt to draw me deeper into the world she rampaged through so mercilessly during the first saga.<br /><br />That's as poetical as I'll get when talking about Azumi 2: Death or Love because when I cringed over the heavy sentimentality of House of Flying Daggers and complained about the credibility of Aya Ueto portraying a blood-driven assassin after watching Azumi 2 I started to appreciate the previously mentioned shortcomings more than ever before.<br /><br />Not only does the determination of each assassin feels sluggish and uninspiring but also many important elements are omitted from the entire experience. In Azumi 1 we saw the assassins use various stealth tactics (which is their number one priority) as well as logic to make easy work of their marks with swift executions and quicker abilities to escape. But I won't hold that against this movie too much since the story is slightly tweaked this time around and many more obstacles are planted in Azumi's way to prevent her from reaching the warlord and displaying any signs of charisma. By the way Chiaki is foolishly shelved for the most part of the film and is basically playing a toned down version of Go Go minus the cool weapon and sense of menace.<br /><br />This brings me to the final blow which is the action simply disguised in the title as the 'Death' side of the epic. In the first half of the film we see the debut of many promising adversaries with flashy looks and even flashier weapons. To no one's surprise they meet their end one way or another but the film falls short when each of them start dying too fast and too easily. In Azumi 1 the young assassins were mostly overpowering the opposition with quick but somewhat satisfying battles and the final showdown between Azumi and Bijomaru in comparison to the fights in Azumi 2 was at least climaxed and worthwhile. Some interesting effects were introduced but they were unable to achieve innovation due to the shortness of each encounter. I am in no way knocking down the conventional style of samurai films with their quick and realistic battles but characters in both Azumi films were so imaginative and straight out of anime that the rules could have been broken and the action should have been further enriched.<br /><br />The romance side of Azumi is there to fill in time between the fight scenes and unfortunately at the end it serves no purpose nor provides a much needed resolution.<br /><br />As a fan with an open mind for wide variety of movies and animation I won't lie and I'll admit to my neutrality and unimpressiveness towards the first Azumi film but I'll step right up and say that after watching Azumi 2 the original was made to look like a flawless masterpiece. For what it's worth Azumi 2: Death or Love could have gone straight to video with its invisibly richer budget and a failed potential to add or even expand on the bumpy journey of desperate assassins doing their best to restore the peace with an unwavering courage to die trying.
critique6264 This movie starts out with this creepy song that gave me some chills like the song used in "Nightmare on Elmstreet"! It immediately sets the mood! The sequence that follows also shows what to expect! We are made aware that a ghost is present! The mystery concerning this ghost is what keeps this movie together! But the structure of the plot is so complex that it is difficult to make sense of it! The ideas behind the plot are quite interesting! Only the way it is told to us is far too abstract! I understand that the director believed that he had to maintain the mystery as long as possible! The problem is that when certain matters get revealed you never get a satisfying explanation! The motives of the important characters are left out and some questions raised in the movie don't get answered at all! Since we don't learn enough about the characters it becomes hard to care for them! And as a consequence you will loose interest! Only some scares and a twist save this movie from becoming a total failure! The twist is interesting but no real shocker! The experienced viewer will see it coming! Some reviewers complain that this movie is too much like "Ringu" and is not original at all! Well it is true that some of the effects and scares are borrowed from that movie! But there is a main difference! The suspense in "Ringu" mainly was based on this one twist where the viewer finds out how the characters get killed!! In "Ryeong" (the "Ringu" like) twist is used as a creepy effect to accompany another crazy twist! "Ryeong" heavily depends on a complex structured plot and twist that doesn't contain enough scares to hold your interest! Simply put: This isn't a scary movie!
critique6265 I was really looking forward to this movie based on the previews and press it received but after viewing it I was terribly disappointed. Slums is a totally unfunny film mixed with a Todd Solondz type of disturbing family reality sans Todd's brand of humor. The story drags along and each scene is worse than the last. Maybe I missed the point but if this film is an example of every girl's growing up experience I am glad to be a man.
critique6266 may contain spoilers!!!! so i watched this movie last night on LMN (Lifetime Movie Network) which is NOT known for showing quality movies. THIS MOVIE IS AWFUL! i am still amazed that i watched the entire thing as it was terrible. could this movie contain any more stereotypes? (harping jewish mother who wants son to be a doctor catholic family with priest sons big big crucifixes in every room shown in the catholic family's house mexican whores "bad" guy who is really a softie at heart incredibly bad country accents) GAG!!!! i was at first intrigued by the fact that i had never heard of this movie and after seeing that cheryl pollack and corin nemec were in it i decided to stay awake until 4am to watch it. anyway the only redeeming thing about this movie is madchen amick's beauty. i suppose pollack's and nemec's acting is okay but they have a horrid script to work with. unlike the other reviewer who commented on the lack of texan accents (the movie is supposed to take place in austin and very few people there have a twang) i think that the accents were there (in supporting characters like mary margaret's date and john) and were unnecessary. they were also very very bad. i am so very tired of hollywood "southern" accents that sound nothing like the area where the accent is supposed to be from. and since it was supposed to take place in austin and shooting movies there in 1991 would not have been expensive i fully expected there to be familiar shots of the town: the beautiful capitol building the UT tower lit up for a winning football game etc. none of these things were there. also it takes about 5-6 hours to drive to mexico from austin. at one point in the movie michael and his posse take off for mexico to lose their virginities and are able to drive off when it is dark (during the summer and early fall it doesn't get dark in austin until 9pm or so) spend time in mexico getting drunk and having sex with mexican (is there any other kind?) whores and then return to austin by dawn. while this is theoretically possible it is NOT very likely. and if anyone has started school in the hill country (usually the third week of august but may have been in september in 1960) they know that unless they want to pass out from heat stroke they DO NOT wear their letter jackets!!!!! in august and september in austin and the surrounding areas it is 90+ degrees. only people with no body temperature would be stupid enough to wear sweaters or letter jackets on the first day of school. all in all a very bad made for tv movie experience.
critique6267 A director and his crew head out to the isolated Beal mansion to make a low-budget horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that have occurred there in the last century. Even with warnings by the caretaker the director pays no attention to the supposedly cursed house. One of the crew find a book titled Tibetan Book of the Dead and use some of the passages from it for their script. But in doing so when red they raise a ghoul from its grave.<br /><br />Boring confusing and tacky all rolled up into one equals this penniless midnight horror production. What feels like an eternity it just never seems to get going or demonstrate anything effective from somewhat decent ideas. Even though director Paul Harrison's clunky tensionless direction did construct a couple eerie moody and atmospheric set-pieces. But laziness did set it early. The whole film within a film structure takes up most of the movie and in this time little to nothing happens of great interest. Nor is it fun. Think of Bob Clark's "Children Shouldn't Play with Dead Things (1972)" and now we've got older actors in the part. However I found "Seven Corpses" to be inferior. The script early on has some cutting wit abound before it ends up being drab predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibilities. The cheap foundation involving limited sets didn't help matters either but the mansion's dreary dark appearance had a creepy air to it. Performances from a recognizable b-cast is mainly rigid. John Carradine in small part mainly lurks about. John Ireland plays a hot-headed director Faith Domergue's washed-up actress demands attention and Charles Macaulay hams it up. The slow grinding premise is crossed between "Ten Little Indians" and your usual zombie set-up. However its not all that engaging even with its occult and supernatural edge. Hell they even throw in some graveyard action with no prevail. When the rotting ghoul makes its appearanceÃ‚Â… finally but a bit late. It does get a little better if very baffling. Just like the inspired opening the ending is deliciously downbeat. To bad in between it constantly drags. Continuity in many scenes comes across non-existent and the death scenes are more exciting and bloodier (but indeed poorly executed) in the movie they're making then what actually happens to them when the zombie appears. The generic music score flounders on with its shuddery but frank Gothic cues and the camera-work is blandly staged with a lack of imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. Job done. That's a wrap.
critique6268 I find it sad that Christians (and I am one) feel that we must make movies like "Left Behind." We have much better stories to tell that don't have to be so preachy. I was very disappointed with this film. As an aspiring filmmaker who believes in Christ I see this film as the perfect example for what I am not going to do with my career in film.
critique6269 I found "The Arab Conspiracy" in a bargain bin and thought I'd uncovered a lost treasure. Folks there's a reason why you don't hear much about this film. The plot is muddy the pacing is slow Cornelia Sharpe is about as vivacious as plain cold tofu and the ending leaves you flat. Not even Sean Connery can save this one.
critique6270 There really is only one reason to watch this barely adequate and utterly predictable movie about an uptight chef Kate Armstrong (Catherine Zeta Jones) whose life changes when she inherits her orphaned niece Zoe (Abigail Breslin) after her sister is killed in a car wreck. And that reason is to watch Aaron Eckhart (Nick) who with his floppy haircut and appealingly laddish attitude looks good enough to slap between two slices of organic Pannini and eat with an olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette dip and a few finely diced sun dried tomatoes. He reminds me of Sean Bean. The thought that he might take his shirt off really was the only thing that kept me awake until the end. He removed his apron petulantly several times but to my disappointment never went further.<br /><br />I can't be too critical because I was watching it on pay per view at home so it hadn't cost me the price of two movie tickets at least and I was brought up to be grateful for small mercies. But really this is Rom Com at its most formulaic. Zeta Jones gives a very flat monotonous performance she seemed utterly lacking in passion (possibly due to the amount of time she apparently spent in the cold store at the restaurant? Thirty takes in there can't have been fun) and her face barely changed expression throughout the whole movie. Abigail Breslin was pretty good as the niece she's such an appealing little girl that it's quite impossible to criticize her and anyway I loved her in Little Miss Sunshine. Patricia Clarkson is always good value and I can't really fault her performance as the restaurant owner because she seemed very underused given what a good actor she is and how little she had to do here. But the whole thing is just so clichÃƒÂ©d much of the dialog banal and the outcome so obvious. This is the cinematic equivalent of paint by numbers and Zeta Jones and Eckhart generate little heat on screen.<br /><br />Nick likes Italian food (doubtless indicating his burning inner passion) and cooks to the sound of Puccini. His appearance in Kate's kitchen at 22 Bleecker (the restaurant's name) predictably ruffles her feathers but his uncanny ability to bond with her niece by cooking pizza and building a Bedouin tent in the living room brings Kate around and despite a few stumbles along the way she ends up giving him her prized possession. No not her honour. But her recipe for saffron sauce.<br /><br />I'm being very unfair here aren't I? I mean Rom Com is Rom Com and we all know what we are letting ourselves in for when we sign up. But does it always have to be so mind numbingly dull?
critique6271 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique6272 Anna lives with her family in a new housing estate just outside the city. She has been with her husband Sebastiaan for years and they don't talk so much anymore. While on a working visit abroad a female colleague commits suicide. Anna is deeply impressed by her death even though she hardly knew her. Nobody seems to know why she took her own life. For the first time Anna realizes that one can be an unknown among your most dearest. Anna doesn't mention the incident back home and starts observing her husband and child. Guernsey is the story of a woman who suddenly starts looking at her own life. And she wonders how she got so drifted apart from the people closest to her.<br /><br />(This is my translation of the DVD cover text synopsis. I hope you find it useful as this movie doesn't have an IMDb Plot Summary yet at this date.)
critique6273 Total disgrace! Truly awful! The screenplay and dialogue is a joke and combined with a director who doesn't have a clue about life in Saudi Arabia. It's not a surprise quite Saudi film ha the director is Palestinian-Canadian the writer is Lebanese the lead actress is Jordanian and the shooting took place in Dubai and all those elements show very well to make the film far from representing the Saudi society. Yes it contains some Saudi clichÃƒÂ©'s the stuff we see in cartoons in the newspapers everyday but that's about everything. The film had the opportunity to show real problem with Saudi society or at least give us something new and genuine about the youth troubles and concerns in Saudi Arabia instead it copied and pasted from here and there and the result was a mess. Even the supposedly love story in the movie doesn't exist or at least we haven't seen it. The only bright side in this total debacle is some good acting from the supporting cast. The veteran Khaled Sami was funny in a badly written role as the grand father which he is clearly got miscasted for he looks younger than the actor who plays his son. Also the actor who plays the fanatic brother's role Turki Al-Yusuf has done well in fact he was the best actor in the film. The rest of the cast being professionals for long did an OK job but the lead actor Hisham Abdulrahman was just bad. He had one look of a little adorable bobby for all situations. He couldn't even say his lines in a proper manner. He has charisma that made him win the title of Star Academy a very famous reality show and he is good in interviews and TV shows but he was just the weakest link of this film. The lead actress I didn't mind very much but even she acted badly in some scenes and overplayed her sensuality in unneeded way.<br /><br />The Film was a huge hit Saudi flocked in thousands to neighboring Bahrain and Dubai to attend it when it was screened there and it made a tone of money then it was screened in pay per view then in broadcasting TV and that was in a span of a few weeks. This was to cash on Saudis eagerness to homegrown entertainment but alas; the film was neither homegrown nor entertaining.
critique6274 Garson Kanin wrote and directed this look at "modern day" Las Vegas and the gap between generations his first directorial effort since the 1940s! David Janssen is somewhat miscast as a big-shot casino owner who reunites with his son (Robert Drivas who looks disconcertingly like an older Jason Bateman). Janssen approaches every scene the same way: defensively with a chip on his shoulder. Playing this role cool and laid-back is asking too much from Janssen who barks at everyone like a grouchy put-upon husband (he even chews out Don Rickles and makes him cry!). His son a ne'er-do-well in search of his own identity makes hip comments about how young people look down on Vegas (give them another ten years) and his disapproval of Dad's lifestyle causes friction. Brenda Vaccaro is cute as a self-conscious secretary and Edy Willaims has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition. Unfortunately "Where It's At" doesn't have much else going for it other than the now-dated ruminations on ethics between adults and their kids some quick T&A shots and amusingly jaded satirical bits on the high-stakes world of gambling--most of which has been covered by now ad nauseum. ** from ****
critique6275 Oh those Italians! Assuming that movies about aristocrats with weird fetishes castles drowned in gothic atmosphere and back-stabbing relatives trying to get their hands on an inheritance are inherently interesting to all! If you've seen one film of this type you've basically seen them all (the MST3K favorite "Screaming Skull" fits the mold too)...and "The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave" is formulaic by-the-numbers and dull as hell. Even the luscious Erika Blanc is put to waste here.<br /><br />zero/10<br /><br />
critique6276 If there was some weird inversed Oscar Academy awards festival this flick would win it all. It has all the gods excellent plot extreme special effects coupled with extremely good acting skills and of course in every role there is a celebrity superstar. Well this could be the scenario if the world was inversed but it's not. Instead it's the worst horror flick ever made not only bad actors that seem to read the scripts from a teleprinter with bad dyslexia but also extremely low on special effects. For example the devil costume (which by the way is a must-see) is something of the most hilarious I've ever seen. Whenever I saw that red-black so called monster on screen I couldn't hold my laugh back. And to top of things it looked like the funny creature was transported by a conveyor-belt.<br /><br />Do not do the same mistake as I did. Checking IMDB seeing that the movie was released in 2003 had less than five votes and thinking: -"Well it's worth a shot can't be that bad".<br /><br />Yes it could.<br /><br />I'm not even going to waste more words on this movie.
critique6277 In trying to keep up with the hipness of youthful audiences as the 70s approached OaCDYCSF was the product of odder and odder material selected for musicalization. Here it's past life regression ESP and hypno-therapy... pretty loopy! The real problem with the concept (music or not) are the extraordinarily low dramatic stakes; just where can a movie go and what can happen when a man falls in love with a previous incarnation of a girl he can't stand? It can't go any place new but strangely it can't even go any place old! Indeed if it could audiences would still have no interest in the union of Yves Montand (playing a much older arrogant French ass) and Streisand. (a much younger girl). We never become invested in them their situations or outcomes. Montand is miscast and his strong accent makes many of his lyrics unintelligible.<br /><br />It's all been given a shallow 60s veneer that makes it eminently disposable; despite efforts here and there from Minelli that are respectable. It's not even adapted from a non-musical story that met with any previous success... that's just too passe! Streisand occasionally has some funny business to offer as when she's trying not to fall asleep on her roof and improvises an energetic dance. But she over-relies on her ingratiating (translation: irritating) kooky Jewish girl shtick. She can however sing very well at both the "gentle" and "powerhouse" ends of the range. Amidst a score of musical dross she gets 3 or 4 amazing songs* of much higher caliber than anything Fanny or Dolly had to offer. 'He isn't you' is a sweet trifle as sublime as Lorenz Hart's 'My Funny Valentine' but the movie isn't able to realize any impact from it; because the lyrics don't seem to be referring to anything in the movie and nothing remotely suggests a great love is blossoming between Chabot and Melinda.<br /><br />The only cut we can view is a poor hatchet job of a much bigger film. Strong research shows a longer better-explained and more decorative but not necessarily a better film at: http://barbra-archives.com/films/clear_day_streisand_2.html. You can be sure there's be more Babs in that version but more importantly there'd be more thoughtful work from Minelli.<br /><br />In the end Montand sends Babs off to sing the title song after she discovers he's a total dick who feeds her a self-esteem homily to allow himself off the hook. And she takes the bait. So uh... hooray for that.<br /><br />(*Hurry it's lovely up here Love with all the trimmings He isn't you & the title song)
critique6278 I never saw the original 1954 version with Judy Garland so have no means of comparison. Also it's been some years but I found this tale neither gripping nor its romance captivating. The movie tells the story of two lovers whose musical careers are headed in opposite directions. John Norman Howard is a worn out disillusioned rock star on the decline embarking upon a romance with a fresh talented new singing sensation Esther Hoffman. Her dramatic success only serves to emphasize his decline.<br /><br />The lead actors Kris Kristofferson and Barbra Streisand are adequate in their roles but neither their chemistry nor the plot left much of a mark with me. The film is noteworthy to me for only one aspect Streisand's beautiful rendition of the Oscar winning song 'Evergreen'. She truly has a powerful and magnificent voice.
critique6279 I am furious! It has been a while since the last zombie movie I've watched so I was really looking forward to watching a good ol' gory zombie movie. HoTD2 was a major disappointment. A reasonable story but awful acting filming dialogue and nauseating clichÃƒÂ©s and punch lines. I didn't even see the first one which is supposedly worse than this one...now I am curious about how bad could that one have been! The film is full of mistakes and goofs. Who on earth analyses DNA using a blood sample!? Why are these "special forces" who "have been to hell and back" fight like spoiled 6 year old girls? We see ferocious zombies who would take a bite at any chance they get then hundreds of them that wave their arms at our two "heroes" take them down to the ground then let them go without even a scratch. I could go on and on about this but life is too short and I have already wasted a couple of hours watching this pathetic movie which is an insult to the movie industry.
critique6280 Like 'Singin' in the Rain' 'Cover Girl' has a trio of two guys and a girl. In 'Cover Girl' Phil Silvers (Genius) is the comic relief. He corresponds to Donald O'Connor's funny man part in 'Singin in the Rain'. In Cover Girl Gene Kelly's love interest is Rita Hayworth and in 'Rain' it's Debbie Reynolds. That's where the comparison ends.<br /><br />Whereas "Singin' in the Rain' is a classic American movie musical 'Cover Girl' is mediocrity incarnate. The story isn't very complicated. Rusty Parker (Rita Hayworth) is a dancer in Danny MacGuire's low-rent nightclub in Brooklyn. Rusty decides to enter a Cover Girl contest sponsored by a wealthy publisher John Coudair who made an unsuccessful play for Rusty's grandmother years ago. Coudair introduces Rusty to Broadway producer Noel Wheaton who makes her into a star. Danny feels slighted when Rusty starts showing up late for rehearsals at the nightclub and decides to close the club down and go on the road entertaining the troops along with his sidekick Genius. At the last minute with Rusty at the altar with Noel she realizes the error of her ways and runs back to Danny. They live happily ever after.<br /><br />Gene Kelly has the least developed part in the movie. All we find out about him is that he owns a nightclub and is madly in love with Rusty. Coudair and Wheaton act like besotted teenagers toward Rusty and Phil Silvers delivers some thoroughly goofy but unfunny shtick. The most interesting aspect of Rita Hayworth's performance is the scene in which she gets drunk. This foreshadows what happened to her in real life. Anyone who has read her biography will learn that she disliked Hollywood pined away for a normal home life which she could never attain but eventually began drinking and ended up with full-blown Alzheimer's during the last years of her life.<br /><br />Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful. Gene Kelly has only one really excellent dance number and that's the scene where he dances with his 'alter ego'. Earlier the trio has another number which is a pale precursor of 'Make em Laugh' from 'Singin' in the Rain'.<br /><br />The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal. A couple of decades later Raquel Welch had the same problem. Both actresses later in their careers would always try and find scripts that showcased their acting abilities. They wanted to be known as 'actresses' and not 'pinup girls'. Unfortunately 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.
critique6281 I can not believe I wasted my money to rent this movie. I thought it was a porn flick when it started and it never got any better. The acting the music drowning out the actors. Horrible. Save your money! You have to read the movie all the way through b\c they knew the music would drowned out the speaking lines. I never got the part about the slaughterhouse or the need to continue to show cows and pigs being butchered. What did that have to do with the "real" BTK killer? I understand why there were no famous actors\actresses in this movie. The script would have turned me away within the first page of reading. You would be better off watching paint dry.
critique6282 A scientist on an island is in deep sorrow about the loss of his son who died of kidney cancer. So he thinks: why not turn my dead son into a hammerhead shark. Well who wouldn't? It's a little hard to cope with the fact that the hammerhead shark that's killing everybody is constantly being called "Paul". Also William Forsythe's cast as a MacGyver-kick-ass-savingtheday- kinda hero lacks credibility. On the other hand there are a few hot chicks who make you actually look at the screen while shark Paul bites another one to death. As a matter of fact I find bad b-movies quite amusing. But for my taste it would have been a much better movie if it was made for say 1000000 bucks less. Then it might have been fun.
critique6283 Shame on Yash Raj films and Aditya Chopra who seems to have lost their intelligence over the years and providing steady fare of tripe in this piece of cinematic crap thats not even worth You Tube standards. I was gritting my teeth throughout the whole flick start to finish with the schizophrenic direction plot line that never quite materialized and on the last scene I just felt ashamed that my country and its crorepati film makers can "THROW AWAY" crores on such stupidity. Shame on the actors for taking this work and even commenting on it as some piece of work they can own up to. Saif Ali Khan -completely disappointed in your choice of film. Kareen shows enough skin for the puberty stricken and Akshay comes up as the dim-wit. Anil another retard with a pubescent fascination for English. His cronies were commendable in their acting and with the bizarre cinematography scattered in the last 15 minutes it was enough to pop a blood vessel. DON'T WASTe any brain cells energy or your money to go see this- Go SEE / Rent AMU -with Konkana Sensharma instead- a beautiful piece of independent film thats ever come out of India.Intelligent poignant and a wonderful story-tale that will touch everyone with intelligent actors and gave me hope that all is not lost in Indian cinema making.
critique6284 This ambitious film suffers most from writer/director Paul Thomas Anderson's delusions of grandeur. Highly derivative of much better material (Altman's "Nashville" Lumet's "Network") this lumbering elephant takes far too long to get nowhere. A couple of misguided detours along the way (an embarrassing musical interlude a biblical plague) don't help matters. Neither does the uneven level of performances. Especially bad: William H. Macy whose character and storyline could easily have been eliminated altogether; Julianne Moore for her unconvincing angst. And how many times must we see John C. Reilly's Sad Sack shtick ("Chicago" and "The Hours" will suffice)? Tom Cruise comes off well by comparison Ã‚Â– his misogynist foul-mouthed Holy Roller was rather amusing. Speaking of foul mouths the script was so loaded with "F" bombs they lost their impact in no time. Don't even talk about that awful soundtrack full of insipid and annoying vocals by Aimee Mann. Her extended rendition of "One" a maudlin number to begin with drove me to distraction at the start of the film. I should have heeded the handwriting on the wall and saved myself three more hours by which time I'd been pushed to the brink of hell. One redeeming feature which I haven't seen mentioned in other reviews is the best performance in the bunch by unknown Melora Walters in the role of Claudia the damaged coke fiend bent on self-destruction. Her credibility exceeded all others by far. This film took itself way too seriously and just didn't know when to end.
critique6285 It`s funny how instinct warns you of something . For example as soon as the company credits read Nu Image I knew instinctively I`d seen a really crap film by them somewhere before but couldn`t remember where . Nevertheless I just knew JUDGE AND JURY was going to be crap and it was . Maybe I`m psychic ?<br /><br />!!!! MILD SPOILERS !!!!<br /><br />The opening is rather violent with several people getting blown away for no more reason than being in the wrong place at the wrong time . I don`t know about you but I`m geting slightly fed up with exploitive violence onscreen nowadays along with bad language  especially if it`s spouted by actors as bad as the ones in this movie . Anyway the plot revolves around the bad dude getting executed and coming back to reek revenge on the man who shot his wife . Oh did I mention the bad dude and his wife murdered a couple of people on their wedding night ? Yeah he`s a serious badass mofo . In fact he`s so bad ( And I don`t mean the acting - I`ll get to that in a moment ) that he`s impossible to take seriously and this is before he`s executed only to return as Elton John  Elvis  a French chef etc . I wonder if Keith David got paid for this ? because he looks lke he`s having so much fun on screen that`s the only reason he`s playing the role . What a pity this reviewer didn`t have any fun whatsoever watching JUDGE AND JURY . Hey maybe the producers could send me Keith`s fee ? Gawd only knows I deserve it.<br /><br />I disliked this movie a lot as if you hadn`t guessed and my main beef isn`t with the stupid plot or the cheap production values but with its attitude to violence . If like me you`ve had a wine bottle cracked over your head or been kicked in the ribs very hard several times you`ll know violence is an obscene painful thing  but JUDGE AND JURY will have you believe that if you`re thrown through a window  crash through some bannisters and fall twenty odd feet onto a table not only will you be unhurt but you`ll be able to outrun a couple of rabid devil dogs . It could of course be argued that any film starring Sly  Arnie or Bruce also suffers from this same dishonest showing of violence but with JUDGE AND JURY it yanked my chain
critique6286 ...but I would be lying. A relative was a crew member and we got to go watch the production of this movie for a couple of days (and I was an extra). I get to die and have a second of screen time not that I plan on moving to Hollywood anytime soon. I just thought it was awesome to see how movies are made and be a part of it. Plus I got a copy of the movie once it was finally released. They didn't have a studio backing when making this film so it truly was independent. Why the writing and acting is so awful is beyond me but the main character "Cherry" is the director's sister so that could be part of it. But the cinematography was good. :)
critique6287 As a devotee of Ms. Frank I remember being so excited that the play was being re-made for TV. That is until I saw it... This film is a prime example of how IMPORTANT casting is and how directing plays such an important part in creating the sense of purpose. The casting of any CENTRAL role is CRUCIAL to a production of this sort...shows like AUNTIE MAME and MAN OF LA MANCHA are totally dependent on the charisma of the lead actor. And in the cast of this movie the whole thing is destroyed by the atrocious casting of Melissa Gilbert in the lead role. There is not ONE SINGLE MOMENT that Ms. Gilbert even comes close to inhabiting the sensitive mature spirit of Anne- Ms. Gilbert is "white-bread" throughout the movie... the only time I was close to tears was during the reading of Anne's most haunting line: "I still believe in spite of everything that people are truly good at heart"- this is spoken by Ms. Gilbert so rushed so lacking in conviction that she might has well burped and achieved the same effect. Film and dance legend Marge Champion was the dialogue coach for this production- she should have refunded her salary! Despite Ms. Gilbert ruining DIARY other performances are satisfactory for the most part- special kudos to Joan Plowright as Edith Scott Jacoby as Peter and Clive Reville as Mr. Dussell. Maxmillian Schell does not have the deep-rooted soul and spirit as Otto as does the creator of the role on stage and film(Joseph Schildkraut) but he's okay. Doris Roberts and James Coco as The Van Danns are relatively superficial in their parts- they're shrill and bombastic but again only on the surface. This COULD be due to the fact that the pacing of the project is way too rushed(as noted in previous postings)- this film clocks in 45 minutes shorter than the film version- the difference owing to the pauses for dramatic effect which apparently is necessary to propagate the appropriate MOOD for the story. This is NOT mandatory viewing especially for youngsters learning about Anne Frank for the first time- stick to the original film version and or even better the TV production of ANNE FRANK: THE TRUE STORY starring Ben Kingsley which is the CLOSEST thing to capturing the heartbreak and reality of Anne's situation ever filmed! Note: Especially appalling is the fact that Melora Marshall who plays Anne's sister Margot is NOT included in the opening credits along with all the other members of The Secret Annex... she's listed in the post-credits along with the actors playing Miep and Mr. Kraler. If I was Ms. Marshall I would have SUED!
critique6288 After reading the novel which is about a one hour read watching this film became a sad disappointing experience. Just as he did in prince of Egypt simon wells somehow managed to direct a script that took away all the drama and mystery out of its source material and turned it into this homogenized nonsense. Now I'm a sucker for cheese and camp but this movie made absolutely no sense. There was no joy in any of the performances or any humor. There were no thrills and that silly bookend with addy's character of filby throwing his hat in the air was the last hackwriting straw. I felt very violated when this movie was over and I still refuse to believe it was only 90 minutes it went on forever. I wondered how the studio and director could have OK'd such a lousy script but then my friend pitched the movie to me exactly as It was and I said wow that sounds great but what happened to the movie.
critique6289 I just saw this movie and all I can say is where are the drive in's these days. This seems like it would have been a great 2nd feature at a drive in in 1977 (maybe playing with one of those Joan Collins movies) but it's only worth watching now if you're feeling nostalgic for the 70's. Silly plot that is full of holes but it does remind one of the era it was made in. Interesting to see Melanie Griffith so young and Anne Lockhart is quite attractive though not much of an actress. In fact there is not much acting going on in this movie at all. It's sort of a Dukes of Hazzard adventure without a twang or a 1969 Dodge charger jumping over stuff in the Woods. But there is a Mecrury Comet jumping over a garbage dump in this one!
critique6290 They must be. I'll list them so that you can check them off one-by-one:<br /><br />- Police regularly leave tens of millions of dollars of cash and drugs just lying around because they don't have evidence facilities.<br /><br />- When you get shot you always grunt the same way and fly back the same way even though there's never a mark on your body.<br /><br />- Police are not able to identify the sound of gun shots and don't think anything is suspicious when an undercover policewoman's phone call during a high-level drug-and-money deal is cut shot by that gun shot.<br /><br />- Bad guy gunmen can hit mannequins with one shot but can't hit a big bulky martial artist with 100.<br /><br />- If you rocket launcher a car in a car park the next three cars in a line will blow up evenly in 15 second intervals.<br /><br />- Further to the last point all the cheap cars are always parked next to each other.<br /><br />- The smoke that is caused from the firing of the rocket launcher is much greater than the amount of smoke caused by four cars blowing up.<br /><br />- Virtual reality games that are a long long way ahead of anything any other gaming company can produce fit on five floppy disks.<br /><br />- Virtual reality games that are a long long way ahead of anything any other gaming company can produce have graphics that look like Windows 3.1 screen-savers.<br /><br />- Floppy disks can be read even after they've been shot up.<br /><br />- Semi-drunk guys in bars attentively watch the news when they're at the pub and have a deep understanding of American modern military history Agent Orange and the family trees of high-ranking military officials. However they're only able to articulate their points using dialogue that sounds silly coming from anyone over the age of seven.<br /><br />- Even though fights appear to break out almost hourly in a bar that bar has only one staff worker who both pours the beers and handles security. Of course he knows martial arts.<br /><br />- Gold medal Olympians regularly make the simple transition to corporate CEOs of software companies in a matter of years.<br /><br />- A woman who works for a computer game company knows everything about how to beat a game she's never played raves constantly about her competitor's great games and can rattle off facts and figures regarding her company's rivals - but she didn't know that they overtook almost all the other companies in the field in large corporate mergers.<br /><br />- Bad guys always die in slow motion. Always.<br /><br />- Wives tell their husbands that they're pregnant by raving about their man's bravery in killing bad guys.<br /><br />- Wives do large amounts of their husband's police work; this might explain why she whines and complains so much every time he has to go to work. Although it doesn't explain why she adores him so much every time he gets up in the morning and she can read about his murderous escapades.<br /><br />- It's fairly typical for a police officer to be involved in kidnappings kill tons of people on three separate occasions and stop a variety of multi-million dollar illegal deals in a week.<br /><br />- When trying to lose a car that's following you it's wise to continue driving under the speed limit. And if you're following a cop subtlety is not important - you can tailgate him for miles then park right next to him. He won't notice.<br /><br />- All cops are experienced martial artists.<br /><br />- It is possible to kick a guy four metres in distance.<br /><br />- People scream or grunt in pain when they are punched or kick yet when they have their arm broken they don't make a sound.<br /><br />- Bad guys clean their bloodied axes with their handkerchiefs and then leave them in their pocket for many days.<br /><br />- Pieces of wood when swung with one sharp blow shatter sturdy ladders in six or more places simultaneously.<br /><br />- The photo and listed special features on the back of the DVD case don't necessarily have to be on the DVD. The advertised interactive menus? Why not no menu at all! The advertised scene index? Why not have the whole thing as one scene/chapter and not need an index! Likewise it's OK to use The Matrix's font and title in the tag-line and not be a rip-off in any way.<br /><br />With all of this I'm in shock that 12 out of the 15 top credited actors never acted again.
critique6291 Duncan Roy's writing and direction is really and regularly below par. Actually it sort of stinks. AKA is almost as bad as his recent (horrible self-serving) remake of Dorian Gray - absurd contorted dialogue among the 'upper class' characters at once idiotic and pretentious amateurish stilted to its core. Characterisiation and script - and sometimes the acting - is creaky like a school play...but worse there's a sort of peacock self-certainty about the direction which is just soul destroying when the director clearly hasn't grasped...he's just no good. Diana Quick must be cringing with embarrassment. DR you should just get out of film...seriously.
critique6292 This was not a very good movie the acting pretty much stunk and the effects were bad most of the time. But there were some funny moments but most of those were not meant to be funny. The most hilarious part of the movie to me was the part were a little kid in wheelchair falls out (thats not the funny part What kind of person do you think I am)anyway the kid falls out and starts screaming for his big brother well the brother comes running and the way the kid runs is so funny he's all stumbling and really over acting I had to rewind it several times so I could laugh some more. so if your looking for something to rent but just can't seem to find anything check this one out and watch for the running part.
critique6293 Think "stage play". This is worth seeing once for the performances of Lionel Atwill and Dwight Frye. COmpare the Melvyn DOuglas in "Ghost Story" with the Melvyn DOuglas of this film. Are there vampires at loose in this 'Bavarian' village or is there a more natural albeit equally sinister explanation? Dwight Frye is Herman a red herring who is cast as an especially moronic character. It's fun to look at his different facial expressions in what is really a stock character. NOt much happens for a long time but then we discover that Atwill's pipe smoking doctor is the real murderer. There is too much 'comic relief' but that is par for the course for this era. Fay Wray looks really good.
critique6294 What a crappy movie! The worst of the worst! This movie is as entertaining as a dead slug. No-talent-what-so-ever-actors stupid plot. Who wrote this script?! Was there ever a script for this goofy movie or did the director just accidentally press the record-button on his camera and then decided to make the film up as they went along? Is this meant to be a kids movie or a comedy or what? My friends younger brother is in the 6.th grade and him and his classmates just did an amateur-movie for their school-project which outdid this geeky movie.. This is by far the worst film I have seen in my life! There is just no excuse for this flick!
critique6295 I thought that this movie was pretty lame. If you're looking for cheesey you may like this. I myself don't mind a fair amount of cheese but this was ridiculous. The progression of the movie bored me and the storyline was very weak.<br /><br />The only thing entertaining about this movie was the day-glo zombies but even that isn't reason enough to see this flick.
critique6296 Despite the lavish production numbers and wonderful costumes this film is a chore to watch. The murder-mystery plot is just a vehicle to mount the musical numbers on but it often brings the proceedings to a staggering halt besides not being very involving. Although there has obviously been a lot of money spent on them the numbers are badly staged and poorly photographed. It's obviously a pre-code film because the girls often wear very little clothing and there's even a song singing the praises of marijuana! The performances are all one-note although it's nice to see Carl Brisson in a musical but when Victor McLaglen as the police Lieutenent lurches into view for the umpteenth time on the hunt for clues you may want to throw in the towel or at least fast-forward to the next number. Pity the patrons who were trapped in the cinema on its release though!
critique6297 another eli roth in the making. self promoting bad script writing excuse for a horror director. victor is as far from the new horror icon as mary poppins (reference to the Disney score). what is going on here? you have marilyn manson opening and closing this piece of crap and chitty chitty bang bang all through it. can this even be called horror? horrible yes but horror is a stretch. David lynch should sue them for stealing the elephant man prosthetics. please stop these fan boy want to be directors now. the video directors already have enough competition breaking into the film industry. getting online and talking about how great your movie is does not make it true. stop the insanity. i work in the industry and yes these films are fun to work on but rarely ever entertaining to actually watch.
critique6298 Brainless film about a good looking but brainless couple who decide to live their dream and take people on diving tours. The pair almost instantly make the wrong choice of customers and get mixed up with some people seeking to recover the items that we see falling to the ocean floor during the opening credits sequence. Great looking direct to video movie could have been so much better if it wasn't so interested in primarily looking good. Performances are serviceable and the plot is actually not bad or would have been had the director and producers not redirected the plot into making sure we see lots of shapely people in bathing suits (or in what I'm guessing the reason for the "unrated" moniker a few fleeting bare breasts). The film never generates any tension nor rises above the level of a forgettable TV movie. If you get roped in to seeing this you won't pluck your eyes out since the eye candy is pleasant but we really need to stop producers from making films that are excuses to have a paid vacation.
critique6299 After putting a mummy in a local museum goes through the cat-scan a metal object in it's brain reacts adversely to the procedure thus freeing the spiritor phantom if you will of the mummy Belphegor. Due to convenient circumstances Lisa who lives close to the museum finds herself possessed by the evil spirit. Soon enough she's stealing the museum's Egyptian treasures out from under their nose. Detective Verlac comes out of retirement to catch the supernatural thief.<br /><br />This is a serviceable enough if you haven't seen any other incarnations of "BelphÃƒÂ©gor" before. If you have I recommend skipping this particular version as it can't help but pale in comparison to the others despite the nice locals and scenery.It plays out like a (slightly) higher budgeted Sci-Fi Original film and I don't really mean that as a compliment.<br /><br />Eye Candy: Sophie Marceau shows ass & side boob <br /><br />My Grade: C- <br /><br />DVD Extras: none
critique6300 Terrible terrible movie for Television. Once again Lifetime brings us the predictable triangle; scheming bitchy woman out to get stupid unknowing wife of yet another stupid husband who doesn't have a clue.<br /><br />I get antsy when I see these films. You may ask why do I watch them then? I haven't a clue. Usually by mistake. And the movie is so bad I can't get away from it. I wait for the bitch to get her come up-pence. And usually I'm not satisfied in how she gets her just desserts.<br /><br />Now if you can believe our vixen she steals embryos from the clinic and how does one do that? Without blood tests DNA inquiries and recommendations. She proceeds to kill the Realtor Gabrielle Rose who is on to her in broad daylight in the front yard of a house for sale and no one sees her? She kills the mother Susan Hogan and you could predict that surmise when the mother off handedly mentions she's allergic to peanuts and that the pills to combat this allergy are in her pocket book. Guess what? I won't continue on this.<br /><br />Finally you are left in the house alone with the wife and the bitch. Well good triumphs evil but much too slowly. Victoria Pratt as the evil girlfriend is adequate in the role looking a bit too disheveled and obvious. Tori Spelling just stands around looking blank most of the time. She's got those big big Bette Davis eyes that look like they're popping out of her head. I liked her better in TRICK. And Tahmoh Penikett plays the husband going around assuring his wife there's nothing too he and his ex-girlfriend even though he's spotted all over town being very chummy with her standing half naked with her in his house when he sent the wife off to the city to stay overnight. Yet he continues to deny the romance.<br /><br />Lifetime never disappoints the viewers with their inane plots and stories about women and their stupid husbands. Wish I could give this chestnut a "0" rating.
critique6301 Pretty lousy made-for-TV sequel to the Roman Polanski classic. Rosemary's son Adrian has grown up and is embodied by creepy Stephen McHattie. After eliminating Rosemary (here played by Patty Duke) a coven of witches again led by Minnie & Roman Castevets preps Satan's son for world domination. It's not really scary and light years less macabre than its predecessor. Instead writer Anthony Wilson and director Sam O'Steen opt for a Satan-worshiping thriller full of a lot of chanting plenty of candles and Ruth Gordon trying to act daffy and nasty at the same time. Gordon's the sole holdover from the original. George Maharis replaces John Cassavetes as Guy and a very hammy Ray Milland plays Roman Castevets subbing for the late Sidney Blackmer. Newcomer McHattie is the film's only real saving grace. He's very off-kilter and looks really sinister without even doing anything. The music by Charles Bernstein is suitably creepy but so over-used it's ends up being intrusive rather than effective. O'Steen who edited the earlier Polanski masterpiece shows no flair or subtlety whatsoever.
critique6302 This movie is one of the worst movie i have ever seen in my life! i waste my time on this. I watched this movie completely as i took it a punishment for me. I wonder how Suneel Darshan could make such a movie? it doesn't have any continutity. It feels he just shoot scenes and then joined them in some editing software!!! Music is of course good but the film doesn't need so many unwanted songs. Kangana Ranaut looks fake and I wonder what role does Celina Jaietly has in the movie? Bobby deol is good. at least he can act! Upen Patel needs to take some acting lessons rather than taking off his shirts in almost all the scenes! The end was the most pathetic!<br /><br />I watched Shakalaka Boom Boom after watching "300" (the movie) you guys can really imagine what i felt about this bollywood movie. <br /><br />I really respect bollywood but please directors and producers get real not everything is fantasy!
critique6303 This was an awful movie. Basically Jane March was a half-Korean North Korean spy sent by Kim Jong Il to do something horrible to the American forces in South Korea. She becomes a maid for an American military family they all regard her as being Korean even though she looks more white (I believe the actress is either 1/4 or 1/8 Southeast Asian not at all Korean) and the teenage boy of the household starts out hating her and ends up sleeping with her. The way Korea and the U.S. military in Korea is depicted is completely insane. Of course the screenwriter and the director were obviously white men who've never spent a day in Korea prior to this movie and had no intention of showing any real insight into life in Korea for either Koreans or American GIs and instead just tried to fulfill their pathetic Asiaphile fantasies without any regard to how completely unbelievable it made the movie. Anyone who's ever been to Korea will know this is utter garbage. In the end the North Korean honhyol spy-girl gets killed in an obvious "paying for her sins" way. Very bad film with a made-for-TV feel to it.
critique6304 I watched this movie with my boyfriend an avid hip-hop fan and he was really really looking forward to catch the "soul" vibe the movie claimed to have. Boy we were dead wrong. When I finished watching the movie I felt two things: remorse and relief. Remorse because I regretted wasting my time to watch this awful piece of dung and relief because I watched it free on cable.<br /><br />This movie really really gives a bad name to black people by putting so much awful stereotypes that I believe all smart black people everywhere has been trying to spell off. I'm Asian and I feel very very sorry and sick for those who made this movie. What more to say? Bad writing even worse acting and horrible storyline.<br /><br />Even if you're bored to death and has no other choice don't watch this movie. Seriously. The movie really has nothing to offer except if you want to see things like minor illegal drinking animal slain women degradation and overall: A REALLY REALLY BAD-OBNOXIOUS-SICKENING-AWFUL MOVIE. Yuck.
critique6305 This movie was one of the greatest movies ever made it had everything to make a movie great. Incredible acting awesome special effects...... oh wait I must be thinking of a good movie. Well this wasn't one of them it just plain sucked. <br /><br />What I want to know is what kind of bone head would think that this movie was a 10. When I casted my vote there were 206 out there god knows what goes on in their head. Now as for any other vote a 8 or 9 was even too high but a 10??? Come on what made this movie sooooo good to give it a 10? I know these are the same 206 that thought that Jean Claude Van Damme is a great dramatic actor.
critique6306 'Ernest Saves Christmas' is comedian Ernest's Christmas special film. In this film Ernest has to find a successor to Santa Claus in order for Christmas to continue. Along the way he meets a young girl who is a thief and who ends up stealing something very important of Santa's (I won't tell you what that is; you'll just have to watch the film for yourself). Like most Ernest films there is a lot of slapstick humor involved.<br /><br />This film is probably one of Ernest's best films. It's funny and it has some important lessons to learn regarding friendship and family and not being afraid to show love. It's not the best Christmas film around but it is a good one to get you in the Christmas spirit. It's a little bit sad that the film is a little dated now.
critique6307 Firstly I won't tell you WHY I rented this movie as I'm still confused myself...<br /><br />Air Rage is much like any movie I've seen where a plane is hijacked. There is of course that one important person on the plane and the hijacker looking for revenge. The sad thing is some of the methods to stop the hijackers have already been used in other movies. Are we really becoming so unoriginal so quickly?<br /><br />Although it's Ice-T (who for some incomprehensible reason makes painful attempts at ACTING while he's not busy putting the "c" back in front of rap) who is glorified on the cover the movie actually stars the less than amazing Kim Oja as a stewardess who is 'surprisingly' OVERLOOKED by the five hijackers which naturally comes back to haunt them. As for the rest of the cast the only person I managed to recognize was Steve Hytner more commonly known as Kenny Bania from "Seinfeld".<br /><br />I can't forget to leave out my favorite part of the movie when a hijacker used about a POUND of PLASTIQUE to blow a lock off a door... BRILLIANT.<br /><br />The plot was unnaturally predictable.<br /><br />The script - atrocious. It got to the point where I could say something which I felt would make a stupid comment and it would be the next line in the movie.<br /><br />As for special effects... the only thing special about this movie is that I wasted the cost of electricity to run my TV and VCR for 100 minutes.<br /><br />And the title - the movie DID take place in the Air. But due to the less than stellar performances the only Rage in the movie was that of the viewer.<br /><br />So if you're in the mood to even pick apart a movie just because it's bad. Please SAVE YOURSELF don't choose this.
critique6308 Give me my money back! Give me my life back! Give me a bit of credit. This movie was vomit worthy. Useless and time consuming. What a waste of energy and totally pointless. Okay I understand the premise and the idea sound but give us a break! Next time just give me the money and let me spend it. Lost child mothers remorse blamed husband! ClichÃƒÂ© yes~! Get a life! Sorry but this movie was a total waste of my time my money and my being. I would rather watch eggs cook! No real explanation to why this happened. Prison? Why? Loss? obvious but Why? Acting deserves a What am I doing here Oscar and the cinematography a Am I just doing this for a Wage? How much did this movie make? Well this silly fool hired a copy. Enough said
critique6309 Big Bad Ralph is also on the not so squeazy truck commercials and can be found at numerous brothels around Melbourne any given night.<br /><br />Terrible Film by the way wasn't shocking just bad uninteresting<br /><br />The main guy was in charge of the metal section on countdown  and was the lead bouncer at a gay night club in Melbourne.<br /><br />I dunno who the women where? probably pros's that Ralph knew?<br /><br />No story of interest its one of those fast forward jobs<br /><br />Please look up Big Bad Ralph at brothels around Melbourne<br /><br />hes famous in them.<br /><br />i wish i could give 0/10 but ill give it 1. Only cos i cant give 0
critique6310 There seems to be a whole sub genre of cheap tired old sex "comedies" out there that say the same old things about middle class couples. Sort of like Friends but with more soft porn and no wit. This film is no exception- it had situations so familiar I died from deja vu. People sat on couches spinning out clichÃƒÂ©s about sex and relationships? Check. Monogamy versus cheating with some woman/man who would never look twice in reality at some other woman/man? Check. PORN The BADDIES!!!!111? Check. Some guy/girl in it who happens to be the only reason you're watching this rubbish? Check. The lesson seems to be- when it doubt make a tired old sex "comedy" about people no one cares anything about in order to make some statement that everybody has already heard three thousand times before. That'll get your film made. It'll even attract some sitcom nobody in a bad wig!
critique6311 This is about one of the worst movies I'd ever seen. It's not the worst though - Manos the Hands of Fate holds that honor.<br /><br />This movie has a lot of problems. To begin this whole movie is a cheap rip-off of the Conan movies. There's the babe in a skimpy dress wearing a hubcap the quiet Asian warrior the cookie cutter bad guy the almost mindless soliders and so on. There's lots of continuity errors in this film. Some of the dumbest errors I've ever seen are in this film.<br /><br />Fortunately when I watched this film I seen the MST3K version. Joel and the 'bots make the film watchable otherwise I probably would've turned it off five minutes into the film.
critique6312 I had to rent a couple of movies for my little cousin for New Year's and she picked out The Swan Princess: The Mystery of the Enchanted Kingdom and The Little Mermaid 2 and we just watched both films while she's sleeping I figured I could get a couple comments in. :) While this is a very cheesy cartoon it really wasn't that bad. You have to admit that for children these plots are new to them and it could be a great introduction of these stories to them.<br /><br />Odette finds out that Derek has been secretly keeping the magic secrets of Rosthoe and she tells Derek to destroy them immediately but him being a guy typically he does not do so and tells her that no on could achieve the magics without his help. When a witch named Zelda gets her hands on them she finds out that Derek tore off the last words of a spell she wants to use to destroy everything and she kidnaps Odette in order to retrieve this information.<br /><br />The Swan Princess: The Mystery of the Enchanted Kingdom is silly and predictable but for the kids I would honestly say it's a go. It's so rare we have these clean cut cartoons now a days so I'm going to cut the film some slack. It was just weird seeing all the voices change all of a sudden I grew up with the first one so I guess it was just stuck in my head.<br /><br />4/10
critique6313 Full House is one of the worst TV series ever! Why?Because all the characters are so irritating that it's impossible to bear.The best character is Joey an even he is pretty irritating occasionally.An that girl DJwho wrote her character?I want to kill my self every time she speaks.Not to mention when Danny start's with his philosophy.<br /><br />Example: DJ won around ten thousand dollars or more in the casino.Howevershe's not eighteen so she shouldn't gamble according to law.However the casino was ready to pay her the money but then Dannyher father cought's her and don't let's her raise that money because she is not eighteen.Oh come ongive me a breakwill ya?Since i've seen that stupid and childish scene i instantly turned off the television.Some of the thing's they say in this series not even a child would bought.Who in the world could think that Full House is entertaining and funny?Every single word they say in this series seem's like Shakespeare wrote it.Except that Shakespere knew how to write and except that he wouldn't be that childish and stupid to write something as stupid as they wrote in the script for the Full House! <br /><br />For everyone who has a bad heart or any kind of bad medical condition or any will for life or any sense of the real worldi deeply recommend 'Do not watch the Full House'!Not even one episode as a try out.Avoid this series.Save your self from stupidity and nonsense.This is the worst television show ever!I'd rather watch Teletubbies then this.'Do not watch this'.
critique6314 Amateurism best describes the film adaptation of the best-selling philosophical novel "The Celestine Prophecy" which follows the spiritual awakening of an out of work teacher in a mysterious village in Peru. Home video quality actors present so-called characters spewing overwrought exposition and metaphysical hokum while the film is propelled by the extremely heavy-handed direction of Armand Mastroianni. Even though there are visible attempts at measuring up to and interesting fans of stronger fare in the vain of ABC's "Lost" or Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" the filmmakers are hardly up to the task. This film reeks of ill-conceived mass consumption spiritual propaganda and the results are so awful few can wade through this mess to spot a real point.
critique6315 Years ago I used to watch bad movies deliberately. Somehow I missed this one. No gesture rings true. No facial expression fits the scene or the action. I've never heard such inappropriate music for a film. At the final scene I was rooting for the car to run over that ridiculous kid - one of the worst child actors ever.<br /><br />Only one name in it I ever heard of - Wilford Brimley. He must've been very hungry to take this part.<br /><br />DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES WATCH THIS MOVIE!!! YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!!!
critique6316 I never really started watching the show until it was canceled and started showing re-runs. I actually enjoyed it for the first to third season. Once I saw the fourth and fifth one I was beginning to get irate. The first problem was that they did that irrelevant scenario of history repeating itself (Jr having a kid like his parents did). The second had to be the one where they had everyone paired up with someone (ex: Katie and franklin) . The third one was when they made Jr even more idiotic than before which was beginning to be tedious and vexing to the point where I wanted to go into the T.V. and beat the stupidity out of him until he's unconscious . The fourth one had to be that zealous dork that Clarie claimed as a boyfriend. The fifth one had to be Katie she was beginning to be too good for herself and was treated her "boyfriend" Franklin like the pushover he was. The last but not least was Noah Gray-Cabey!! Franklin Franklin was just scary. It was like watching a terrible combination of Urkle and TJ Henderson only more annoying!!! They seriously jumped the shark when came he to the show. There was little to no realism to his character and the way he laughed was a sign of obvious force showing that Noah can't act. Eveytime I saw that kid just made me want slap he silly. However B.F.(before frank) this show was funny and very entertaining.
critique6317 There's nothing quite like watching giant robots doing battle over a desert wasteland and Robot Wars does deliver. Sure the acting is lousy the dialogue is sub-par and the characters are one-dimensional but it has giant robots! The special effects themselves are actually quite good for the period. They are certainly not as polished as today's standards but it contains a minimum of computer graphics and instead uses miniatures so it has aged fairly well. Its shortcomings are easily overlooked given the films short runtime and it does have a certain tongue-in-cheek humour in parts that make it quite enjoyable. I would recommend this to any fan of giant robots or cheesy sci-fi who is looking for a lighthearted hour of distraction.
critique6318 Gargoyle starts late one night in 'Romania 1532' as a peasant girl (Daniela Nane) travels along in her horse & cart minding her own business when from the moonlit clouds above a living Gargoyle swoops down & attacks her she manages to escape the Gargoyle & happens upon a castle of some description where an angry mob of local villagers & a Priest are able to put an end to the Gargoyle or so they think... Cut to present day Bucharest where two CIA agents Ty Griffin (Michael Pare) & Jennifer Wells (Sandra Hess) are about to negotiate the safe return of the son of a rich American ambassador from his kidnappers. In pursuit of one of the kidnappers Griffin loses him on the roof of a building but finds a large pool of blood & no visible signs of what happened to him. Meanwhile Dr. Christina Durant (Kate Orsini) & her colleague Richard Barrier (Jason Rohrer) are renovating a church when the church labourer Gregor (Mihai Bisericanu) informs Richard that he has found some ancient relic the two investigate & find a cave with lots of slimy cocoons & one very angry & very much alive Gargoyle who wastes no time in killing them both. Griffin & Wells are on the case when they are reported missing & soon realise that local legends of monstrous Gargoyles are true with a local priest named Father Soren (Fintan McKeown) planning to flood the world with them...<br /><br />Co-written co-produced & directed by Jim Wynorski under his usual pseudonym Jay Andrews Gargoyles is yet another masterpiece Wynorski can add to his credits not. The script by Wynorski Ion Ionescu A.G. Lawrence & Bill Munroe is crap is unexciting dull & is as simplistic as you can get. For a start I would like to know if there was only one Gargoyle left who laid all those eggs because I'm pretty sure it couldn't have made itself pregnant. How did it survive in that hole for 500 years? What did it eat? How did the priest know it was there? Why has no one else ever figured it out? Why did the priest want to flood the world with them? To rule it? The Gargoyles are hardly going to take over the world & then let some priest just rule it like a king & if they did what would be left to rule? Much like the guys who wrote Gargoyle I don't think he thought it through that well did he? Whichever way I look at it whichever way I approach it from whichever angle I try to figure it out from no matter how many times I try to square the circle Gargoyles just doesn't make any sense & they story has huge plot holes lapses in logic & isn't that great to start with anyway. The character's are dull & clichÃƒÂ©d the action repetitive & unexciting while the film as a whole is a real bore to sit through. People do illogical things & everything that happens is far to convenient like when the priest is try to convince Griffin that Gargoyle's exist & one just suddenly shows up & attacks them. The cave full of cocoons is such a rip-off of Aliens (1986) it's embarrassing & the ending was lame. The bit on the large Ferris Wheel at the fair was funny though when the guy mocked the boys fear of heights & forced him to get on it.<br /><br />Director Wynorski cuts costs & steals footage from other films in fact the best scene from Gargoyle is a car chase through Bucharest but it was taken from the Jean-Claude Van Damme action film Maximum Risk (1996). There are no shocks scares or atmosphere. The special effects are terrible the CGI Gargoyle looks like it belongs in a computer game & has little interaction with any living cast members there are lots of scenes of people looking up to the sky & trying to appear scarred. There isn't even any worthwhile gore to make the thing watchable there is one awful decapitation & that's it.<br /><br />Technically the special effects are awful but otherwise it's passable the Romanian locations look suitably Romanian. Gargoyle went straight-to-video & it shows with a pretty cheap look & feel to it. The acting isn't up to much personality bypass victim Michael Pare makes for the dullest of dull heroes.<br /><br />Gargoyle is a crap film it fails at everything a decent creature feature should strive to achieve. A total waste of 90 minutes as far as I'm concerned one to avoid.
critique6319 Given this film's incredible reviews I was expecting something truly exceptional. It certainly starts well with witty and sharp dialogue and a fine cast in place. A series of Robert Altman-style interwoven stories reel the viewer in with some compelling scenes. I found it gripping entertainment right through to the second half of the film when sadly it collapses like a pack of cards. A series of ludicrous coincidences and right-on messages stack up until I'm left deeply disappointed and wondering what all the fuss is about. Paul Haggis has tackled the subject of race in LA and that alone seems to have elevated this movie to a new level of interest. Given that most of the Academy voters live in LA and have experienced racism to some extent this film is sure to have an impact on them. That means the Oscar for Best Picture will go to the race movie or the gay movie. Let's hope it is the latter because Brokeback Mountain is a bona fide masterpiece that deserves recognition.
critique6320 This movie was different in that it didn't show the typical gay stereotypes that I'm used to seeing. But that doesn't change the fact that it totally lacks a storyline. I'm sure that there are many gay men who are just happy to see themselves depicted on screen since Black gay characters are seldom seen and when they are the characters are usually not fully developed. But how hard would it have been for the writer to actually script a story with a beginning middle and end. Or how about a story that was focused. There really doesn't seem to be a point to this film and even though it is a low budget film that is still no excuse for the lack of story or plot.
critique6321 So you've got a number of models on an island and one by one they're picked off Agatha Christie-style. We get somebody lost at sea pushed off a cliff poisoned by a solvent driven off a cliff blown up etc. Nothing terribly graphic.<br /><br />Before any of that starts one woman inexplicably has a dream of a killer in a weird human face mask.<br /><br />The owner of the magazine is a sleaze who had an affair and somebody had photos taken of her before she was of age.<br /><br />In the end it's all about business or something<br /><br />There's an 80s style montage of a photo shoot most of the bathing suits being one-pieces surprisingly. A couple are fairly translucent. There's camera clicks during the montage where the frame of the camera appears as a white square or rectangle within the picture. The photographer is rather bad at framing!
critique6322 This third installment in the Scarecrow series is by far the best of the lot. I know I know...but how good is it? Well let's not be silly. It's still pretty bad but by comparison to the first two it's a fine film. Again shot on digital with decent lighting and good camera work. <br /><br />****SPOILER****<br /><br />When a college baseball team hazes new members one is left in a diabetic coma. Of course they abandon him in a cornfield tied to a scarecrow. In keeping with the legend the boy's soul is transferred into the body of the scarecrow which comes to life and wreaks terrible vengeance on well pretty much everyone. The co-eds drive to the beach which is somehow very close to the cornfield. On the sunny beach they are killed one by one by the whistling scarecrow. <br /><br />Writer/director Brian Katkin does a credible job of bringing some much-needed drama to the film. Unfortunately the drama leaps over good and lands in common cheese. Much of the acting was fair but there were some really terrible bits including an awful piece of poorly done lip-synching. Some plot points were left mostly unresolved and most were used to get someone alone so they could be slaughtered. Again better than the previous installments but still lacking.
critique6323 This is by far one of the most boring and horribly acted accounts of the early days of Adolf Hitler that I have ever watched. Robert Carlyle is a wonderful actor but to cast him as Hitler is just plain wrong. To cast Liev Schrieber as Hitler's longtime friend and aid Haefengstal must have emitted cries of despair and anguish from the Simon Wiesenthal Centre. A J-W playing a Nazi supporter bad bad bad casting. This was not an enjoyable family film with a good historical background. This was Hollywood rubbish at its finest cashing in on the strength of a strong (but sorely under utilized) supporting cast of actors whom seemed to have all but disappeared from the acting radar in the past 5 years.<br /><br />The fake German accents (vee vill vin zis var) is insulting to German people everywhere. My mother is German and she sat fuming at the sound of the voices which kept switching from American/English/German all in the same sentence. The supporting cast make better cardboard cutouts at the local video store than they do on screen. Jenna Malone as the fated Geli Raubal was splendid though she captured the innocence and confusion of this tragic young woman who ultimately ended her own life to escape what her future would have been like in Hitler's shadow.<br /><br />If you would like a tremendously fantastic and historically accurate account of Hitler's early years leading up to and including the war/holocaust rent "Inside the Third Reich" 1983 starring Rutger Hauer as Albert Speer and Derek Jacobi as Hitler. It was good and made more sense then this baloney.<br /><br />As a historical researcher of the Third Reich I can honestly tell you this had me reaching for my books to confirm its myriad of inaccuracies.
critique6324 Let me preface this by going on record I am a huge George Clooney fan and I love John Krasinski in 'The Office'. Well I was and I did.<br /><br />This was the world's worst hang nail and it took 113 minutes to rip it off. The stupefying boredom was interrupted only by my frequent efforts to read my watch and estimate when it would be over.<br /><br />Every funny scene was in the previews. All three of them. There was no real story no character development and the script was just plain bad. I've had a colonoscopy that was more enjoyable.<br /><br />The title should have been SuperDuper Bad. This movie is a lock for a Razzie. It should get a whole slough of Razzies. I want my money back.
critique6325 'SherryBaby' is quite a painful and sordid melodrama set in Jersey the story of a young mother who is out of jail on probe after a drugs-related conviction and fights to stay clean to find a place for herself in life and especially to win back the love of her kid daughter who is being taken care by her brother's family. The only reason the film is to be watched is Maggie Gyllenhaal an actress at the top of her career who fits very well in the role and carries the whole film on her shoulders. This is not enough however as the story line is too simplistic and expected and the emotional emphasis is put on the wrong place - I kept asking myself all over the picture whether I am supposed to be sorry about the ex and maybe future drug addicted mother as the director and script-writer wanted or about the innocent kid who is in the middle. Even Maggie Gyllenhaal's acting could not convince me that I should not care more about the kid.
critique6326 Some movies are off-beat but enjoyable but many movies are just mind-numbingly weird. "Motorama" fits not-so-nicely in the latter category. Many seem to like it because of endless guest appearances and a total lack of sense but those two things can only take a movie so far and "Motorama" simply doesn't have any other merits to its credit.<br /><br />"Motorama" delights itself on plot improbabilities. Its main character Gus is a cussing 10-year old on a roadtrip across an imaginary country trying to collect game pieces to win $500 million. When interacting with adult figures none of them seem to notice or be concerned with the fact that he's 10 years old. At first it's incredibly funny but it quickly becomes just too unbelievable especially considering the people he runs into and the fact that he seems so unfazed by a lot of the disturbing (to someone that age) imagery going on around him. Gus has no depth and as an anti-hero who has no problem causing misery for others to get his game pieces it's hard to feel sorry for him when he encounters trouble.<br /><br />That trouble is provided by a slew of guest appearances each mistreating Gus in more and more strange ways. Besides making the already worn-out plot even more unbelievable and less enjoyable the characters share Gus' lack of depth and are equally unmemorable. The character's actions can get a little interesting but the actors themselves don't add anything to them thus negating the whole point of getting big names (they could've been played by anyone and the character would've been the same). These guest appearances seem to have been signed more for marquee value than anything else.<br /><br />"Motorama" should be interesting - it's a unique idea but there's too little semblance of sense in the script for it to work. Incidents that should have a lasting effect on the anti-hero and the viewer don't as the movie quickly moves from incident to incident in the hope that something will eventually make the audience feel sorry or understanding for Gus. That never happens as by doing so nothing is allowed to connect it just jerks back and forth as if on a conveyor belt one incident after another. With a story so nonsensical it ceases to be enjoyable and a main character who never evolves to care for himself or anyone else on a higher level "Motorama" has little to offer except a brat sneaking around and trying to get rich. Why should we care about that?
critique6327 Recently I borrowed a copy of this mess of a movie which took me three sessions over three days to get through. That's another comment in the making.<br /><br />But what I wanted to comment on first was the carelessness on the special features of the DVD. It included a game of memory which asks the player/viewer to match up pairs of animals in order for them to board the ark. However every time it reveals the chosen animal the screen prompts the player to find (or congratulates the player on finding)"it's mate." This is a spelling error since it should be "its mate" as possessive pronoun not a contraction for "it is." It is an annoying error to keep repeating 16 or more times to finish a game. Of course it's a kid's activity really but teaches kids incorrect spelling.<br /><br />And oh yeah the game never changes. It is the same game with the same locations of the same animals each time. Plus it doesn't keep score like the number of moves it took to solve the game. So there is no lasting value or challenge to it. It's just a feature to list on the packaging.<br /><br />Simply put there could have been more thought and care put into this "special" feature just like there could have been more thought and care put into this muddled film.
critique6328 Man To Man tries hard to be a good movie: it has its heart at the right place it aspires to be epic and it has a message that no doubt everybody will appreciate. But there lies also some of the problems of this picture. It strives so hard to be good and to get its message across that sometimes the viewer must feel unchallenged. So it is only adequate that the images which are used by this picture are simplistic - Man To Man doesn't let the viewer decide what he thinks is right but is hammering its message in his head. Joseph Fiennes exemplifies this in his role: he does his best to look concerned genuinely moved and all the other emotions you can express with the single one facial expression his repertoire has to offer. Add that the movie is overlong and loses its speed towards the end you would be easily led to the conclusion that Man To Man is not worth watching. But there are enough points to defend it: it is entertaining has some humorous scenes and the show-stealing Kristin Scott Thomas. Of course you should not compare it to humanistic masterpieces like The Elephant Man (David Lynch) but you'll be leaving the theatre satisfied. It tries to grab your heart (even if your brain thinks that it is too obvious) and succeeds most of the time.
critique6329 Going into this I was expecting anything really good but after the damage this inflexed on me I'm just happy to think strait. It's hard to think what the film-makers( HA!) this was a good movie. the stories and I use the world loosely are incoherent and do make any sense at all. There just stupid things that happen at random. the acting if can be called acting is horrible I've seen batter acting in toy ads! I know it's a low-budget video-bin garbages but still even it's not like they tried. Will after stetting thought it I feel very sleepy and still #yawws# do I'm going to go lie down.<br /><br />WARNNING: DO NOT ATEMP TO DRIVE WALK READ OR DO ANY AFTER Watching CHILLERS. OTHER SIDE AFFECTTS MAY ENGULED LOSE OF ANY OR ALL METAL FUNKIONS.
critique6330 Atmosphere and droll dialog don't redeem this overrated classic. Boyer is a French thief hiding in the Casbah of Algiers while the police try to figure out how to get him out. Meanwhile he falls for Lamarr and tries to find a way to escape. The film is slow to get started and never really goes anywhere. Reminiscent of Casablanca in some ways it's completely lacking any larger theme than the wanted man seducing a good woman. It's all talk-talk-talk with endless scenes of Boyer swaggering among his idiot cohorts and Boyer wooing Lamarr in the shadows. Personally I didn't care for Boyer's character for a minute so the tension was utterly nonexistent.<br /><br />Stock 1930s character actors stumble thru the mushy plot as Boyer's henchmen--guys who clearly do not belong in Algiers. Sigrid Gurie is the wildly-overacting jealous girlfriend of Boyer. His brazen womanizing in front of her doesn't bode well for any future he might have with Lamarr.<br /><br />Especially bad is a long sequence in which an underling comes to tell Boyer how another henchman was captured. It sounds exciting... too bad we didn't see it for ourselves. The ending is completely anticlimactic and seems to be remarkable only because it is not a Hollywood happy ending; that doesn't stop it from being sappy.
critique6331 Solomon and Sheba has come down in Hollywood lore not for the quality of the film but for the fact that Tyrone Power died while making it. I was in the 5th grade and well remember the huge news for days when that tragedy happened. I didn't know who Tyrone Power was then but I learned and learned to appreciate the body of his work.<br /><br />I often wonder if Ty had a sense about this film and what a dud it proved. He was the unnamed producer of this as well. Maybe he just didn't want to face the critics. Good thing Power actually went out with Witness for the Prosecution although you can see him in long shots if you look close. <br /><br />What we have here is a biblical stew that probably would baffle the great Solomon himself. Several incidents described in the Bible that the Bible treats separately are woven together into one plot with a few additions tossed in by Hollywood. <br /><br />The actual story about the Queen of Sheba is that she went on a trade mission to the Kingdom of Israel chatted Solomon up a bit came back with a lot of trade goods and that was that. The story of a romance between her and Solomon is of legend. The ancient kingdom of Sheba is about where Yemen is now and her people purportedly moved to the African continent which is how Ethiopia was founded.<br /><br />The Queen never witnessed Solomon's famous case involving the two women with separate claims for a baby nor was she involved with the building of the First Temple. Nor was she around for the destruction of same. For that matter neither was Solomon.<br /><br />And she was not involved in the dispute over the succession when Solomon's brother Adonijah put in a counterclaim. That is the heart of this film. Adonijah upon hearing the news that King David is dying declares himself king. Of course David rallies temporarily and says that God came to him and said Solomon should succeed him. When David hears about what Adonijah did he says that's what got God all bent out of shape Adonijah being greedy. After that Adonijah gets to plotting.<br /><br />Things seem to come full circle in that Ty Power collapsed on the set while dueling with George Sanders as Adonijah. Sanders and Power were rivals in many films most particularly in Lloyds of London which was Power's breakthrough role. If Sanders is not quite the jaded sophisticate he was in Samson and Delilah he's still Sanders the biblical cad.<br /><br />When Power died Yul Brynner was brought in to play Solomon and given a wig so that existing footage of Power in long shot could be salvaged. Brynner invests the dialog with the proper dignity but I think he probably regretted doing the pinch hitting.<br /><br />Gina Lollobrigida is the Queen of Sheba and she is alluring as a biblical temptress in the Cecil B. DeMille tradition. She seems not to have any real conviction and my guess is she was shocked at Power's sudden demise and having to do it all over again. Marisa Pavan as Abishag may give the best performance in the film.<br /><br />The real story with Adonijah is not as elaborate as this film. He disputed with Solomon for the succession and gathered around a group of some of King David's court as supporters. Solomon pardoned them once and then Adonijah asked for Abishag in marriage. Abishag in the Bible and here was an adopted daughter of King David in his old age. When Solomon hears that he decides Adonijah is getting greedy again and has him killed. The Bible mentions someone named Berniah who was going around basically doing contract hits on Adonijah's supporters.<br /><br />What we have in the film is a spectacular climax involving a miracle that I searched for and couldn't find. It came from the fertile imagination of director King Vidor who ended a long and distinguished career on a sour note. It was a question of Vidor trying to out do Cecil B. DeMille in biblical spectacle. <br /><br />He didn't make it.
critique6332 It's hard to know exactly what to say about this ever so bland and dull little film. The story is predictable when not completely laughable. It's all a matter of "dutiful gestures" which as presented here carry absolutely no conviction. Yes the MGM "production values" are gorgeous and yes Ms. Lamarr was exquisitely beautiful but she and the great Spencer Tracy have absolutely no "chemistry" together - and that's the only thing that would have made this parade of cliches at all effective... It's my understanding that this movie received poor reviews when it was originally released; the passage of time has not improved it.
critique6333 I had high expectations following "My Beautiful Laundrette" "Bend it like Beckham" and (less so) "East is East". The histories of British Asians fitting into their adopted home has had many good runs on the big screen as well as a number of excellent TV and radio series (Goodness gracious me etc). This one falls flat. Inspite of a good start it rapidly went down hill.<br /><br />Ultimately this was a horribly typical BBC effort complete with strong regional accents whacky over-acting characters a "those were the days" soundtrack and lots of "issues" in an attempt to be worthy.<br /><br />I found myself cringing at many points during this film. The writing is predictable. Every possible cliche was dragged out and aired. In fact I have trouble thinking of any cross-cultural/cross-generational devices that could have been used that weren't. The characters were thin and cliched: the eccentric non-conformist minister; the well meaning but ultimately racist old woman; the over weight overbearing aunt; the pushy Indian parents; the working class neighbour; the 'wise' profound grandmother; the motorbike riding thug. The script was weak with every chance to shock the audience with overt racist dialogue from the two dimentional racist white characters taken. And why it had to be set in the 70's (apart from needing an excuse for a 70's soundtrack) is a mystery. Possibly it make unbelievable characters slightly more believable to people born after 1979. I don't know.<br /><br />Even these things aside good acting could have carried this into respectable obscurity. Instead the usual "BBC comedy" suspects were wheeled out to ham it up. "Bend it like Beckham" had far better comic acting (and serious acting in fact) than this with a virtually unknown cast.<br /><br />In summary a lazy cliched script over acted in a dull predictable story. Give it a miss.<br /><br />
critique6334 This film is deeply disappointing. Not only that Wenders only displays a very limited musical spectrum of Blues it is his subjective and personal interest in parts of the music he brings on film that make watching and listening absolutely boring. The only highlight of the movie is the interview of a Swedish couple who were befriended with J.B. Lenoir and show their private video footage as well as tell stories. Wenders's introduction of the filmic topic starts off quite interestingly - alluding to world's culture (or actually American culture) traveling in space but his limited looks on the theme as well as the neither funny nor utterly fascinating reproduction of stories from the 30s renders this movie as a mere sleeping aid. Yawn. I had expected more of him.
critique6335 I remember when this show came out. It was originally advertised as a mini-series. At the end of the last episode it said "To Be Continued" to the dismay of all the people who had watched the whole boring beyond words thing. It ended as it was supposed to so yes you can blame the series for having no ending. The plan was for there to be another obviously if ratings had been higher but it was a boring show that way too long and annoyed people by not ending when it said it would so they never made any more. Quite a few of the comments blame its cancellation and lack of ending on the viewing public when the truth is that for this show that is not the case it ended the way it was actually planned to end it is just a lousy ending.
critique6336 One only has to read the cast list and credits to salivate in anticipation of this DAVID COPPERFIELD but alas alas! How so much major acting and directorial talent could have turned one of literature's richest tales into such a monumental BORE is totally beyond me. It's pretty to look at with lovely photography particularly the Yarmouth sequences but JUST PLAIN DULL!!! No need to go on! Skip it and check out the Selznick or the marvelous BBC mini-series from the 1980's.
critique6337 I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I rushed out to get "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" to see Cushing at it again...even if it was without Chistopher Lee this time. To my great disappointment this movie not only does without Lee but it does without Frankenstein's Monster altogether! Was it a case of "If we can't get Lee we won't have a monster at all"? Why would they do that? The monster is half the fun of the whole thing!! This film is dedicated solely to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his quest to finish experiments he had begun in brain transplants before ending up in an asylum. I found the script extremely weak with the need to suspend disbelief forced upon the audience a little too much. I'm willing to suspend a fair amount but this movie got fairly ridiculous which took me out of the film rather than immersing me in it.<br /><br />Peter Cushing though is absolutely brilliant playing pure evil in this film. For being one of the most beloved actors and notoriously sweet men he sure could play menacing and malevolent extremely well. The supporting cast is competent but has little to do even the young doctor and his fiancÃƒÂ©e blackmailed into helping Frankenstein. A bumbling police chief is introduced along with his put-upon sidekick to generate some comic relief then they are completely dropped from the movie! Why? We are led to believe that the police chief will be the main nemesis of the Baron then we are led to believe it will be the young doctor and then it ends up being the victim of Frankenstein's brain transplant experiment. There was no tension we weren't invested in the "creature" and the ending was left so ambiguous as to leave one unsatisfied because it is so clear they are setting up another sequel.<br /><br />Also there are virtually no "horror" elements. Yes there is a beheading in the beginning (off-camera) and we are treated to the sounds of Cushing cutting the tops of two men's skulls off (again off camera) and there is the most unsettling and thoroughly unnecessary rape scene (90% of which is again off-camera). I understand that there is a love of "letting the audience imagine it all for their imaginations are far worse than what we can show" but come on if you're not going to give us a Monster then at least let us SEE the few "horrific" elements you do choose to include. Showing us a skeleton in the lab lit with a green light is just not scary.<br /><br />On top of a weak script I thought the directing was mostly flat. There were a couple of nice shots but otherwise no excitement atmosphere or suspense was generated. The same director did "Curse" back in 1958 and I thought it was brilliantly directed...guess he was as uninspired by this film as I was.<br /><br />The movie gets a 4 out of 10 from me strictly for Peter Cushing's powerful nuanced performance...beyond that I found little in this movie worth recommending. Instead my suggestion is to watch "The Curse of Frankenstein" and see a truly great Hammer horror film.
critique6338 This movie was very disappointing in that several elements of the book were wrongly done. The main story is the same but there are several flaws that hurt the movie.<br /><br />1) Boobie Miles gets injured in the beginning of the story in a preseason game at Texas Tech. This means he won't get anything done during the season at all and Chris Comer comes up sooner on the team.<br /><br />2) The game against Marshall was lost at Marshall. The team depicted as Marshall was actually Midland High one of Permian's main rivals and here is the proof- Marshall High is the Mavericks colored Scarlet and Silver Midland High is the Bulldogs colored Purple and Gold. Look at the jerseys and you will see who it is. Also the real Marshall High's football roster is overwhelmingly Black the team shown was racially mixed like Midland High. <br /><br />3) Permian only loses to Midland Lee by one point in district play. Midland Lee loses to Midland High and Midland High loses to Permian. These are the teams that set up the coin toss as such.<br /><br />4) Boobie comes back on the team as a reserve to Chris Comer and after not getting any playing time in the Midland Lee game he quits the team completely at half time and never stands on the sideline or goes to any games again. <br /><br />5) Brian Chavez was a Tight End and Defensive End who wore #85 not a Tight End and Strong Safety. In addition Boobie wore #35 and Ivory Christian wore #62. <br /><br />6) The coaches end up liking Chris Comer as a player more than Boobie because he has a better lifting ethic and runs more straight up plays the way the staff prefers him too this is in part why Boobie quits the team. <br /><br />7) Dallas Carter is played in Austin at Darrell K. Royal Memorial stadium where UT plays in the state semi-finals not the state finals. Carter wins the state title but is forced to forfeit due to an ineligible player.<br /><br />The acting is done pretty well but if you read the book you will see these flaws are pretty true. I am also tired of hearing all the PC hypocrites out there complain about the depiction of Dallas Carter's football team. The team according to the book is as large monstrous talented and black as the movie shows. People say it is a racist depiction but reading the book you see a true depiction of the team. The story is very altered giving this movie a score of 3.5/10.
critique6339 Drawing Restraint 9. dir: Matthew Barney.<br /><br />How do you know when you're in the middle of a pretentious art film? Is it that there is only 8 lines of dialogue in 140 minutes of film? Is it when Bjork is wearing what looks like a giant furry pita on her head in a pseudo-Asian ritual? Maybe when mammoth turds and spinal columns are used in a whale blubber experiment. Or when you're about ready to kill the composer for making a minimal and still annoying version of a Philip Glass score? In any case Drawing Restraint 9 is among the most pretentious of the modern art movies. At 135 minutes it adds to its pretension by being boring to boot. I would call the use of color stunning and the opening sequence interesting but the rest of the movie looked like it was filmed for a Discovery Channel documentary. That is until it looks like they were trying to film their version of P-ss Christ but that will be coming up later.<br /><br />Actually the documentary-esquire portions were the best parts of it. The surface plot is about a whaling ship and then there is a ritual about making whale fat. Then there are the guests in the form of Bjork and Matthew Barney who are welcomed on the ship by being put through a ritual of humiliation which includes passed-out head shaving (think frat boy pranks) nicotine patches and giant furry pita hats. Then there is mutual evisceration cannibalism and lets not forget the giant turd.<br /><br />Matthew Barney has written that this is about "the relationship between self-imposed resistance and creativity." That's almost like saying "if you don't get it then you're not creative in your interpretation so sod off because I'm an artist." Oh wait that's the POST-modern interpretation of that sentence and what the movie would be about if it was POST-modern. But its supposed to be Modern art. Which is about the art itself.<br /><br />So let's start this whole interpretation bit shall we? The following lines are only 3/4 serious and should not be taken as any realistic attempt to interpret the movie.<br /><br />The first half-hour concerns pearl divers and the construction of a giant ramp. Obviously the ramp is symbolic of the need for self-elevation to whatever standards you hold dear and the pearl divers are looking for pearls of wisdom. Then on a whaling ship they build a crate that looks like it is in the crude shape of a whale. Obviously a crude element of foreshadowing.<br /><br />On the ship they make whale fat inside the shape of the whale and take out the fins portion. They replace this with a spinal column and later a giant turd. These are supposed to be the states of the movie itself. When its fat its entertaining but bad for you. When it is the spinal column its the "important" parts of the movie or the backbone so to speak. Then the giant turd is the bowels of the movie or when the movie is crap.<br /><br />Bjork and Matthew Barney the arrive on separate ships are put into strange humiliating outfits which AREN'T EVEN WELL MADE OR SYMMETRICAL one suspects that they ran out of money and Barney was trying to quit smoking. SO they put patches on his head. They go through a ritual and learn about the ship from a Japanese wise man who tells them that the ship is scarred from when another ship hit it; a crash or intersection if you will. This inspires Bjork and Barney who are different on the outside to start cutting each other's legs off and eat them so they could turn into whales themselves and be the same person. They intersect. Oh did I forget to mention that this has been done in a Robbie Williams video? Then the pearl divers come back with their mouths full of pearls of knowledge which they let fall to make a stupid Venn Diagram. Barney made it through 8th grade geometry obviously. Or maybe at least some social studies.<br /><br />Oh and did I forget Bjork's ear-gouging I-want-to-kill-her score? At times it is hypnotic but at others you just want to assassinate her.<br /><br />Art film is one thing but when you just throw up all sorts of symbolism in the hopes of getting a reaction out of people it becomes a self-destructive joke. When do you cross the line between becoming a joke in terms of art? Dali and Bunuel frequently made surreal pieces of nonsense but were more coherent and/or entertaining than this piece of trash. Un Chien Andalou had the sensibility to cram as much symbolism as it could into less than half an hour.<br /><br />So can I recommend this? Only if you like dull HIGH ART films with lots of symbolism and flat imagery.<br /><br />D+
critique6340 As much as I love the story of David Copperfield I cannot claim to have enjoyed this movie. It was probably the second worst movie I have ever seen. One problem I see is that the magnitude of the novel asks for a miniseries of several hours rather than a regular movie. It is just impossible to capture a significant amount of the events that take place in the story in two hours. I dis not enjoy the brooding flashback format. It was disjointed and would be impossible for someone who did not already know the story to fully grasp. Also I don't think the filmmakers interpreted Copperfield's personality correctly. The idea of him strolling around on a beach moaning about his life seems inconsistent with the proactive forward-thinking nature Dickens gave him in the novel. Agnes also bothered me. She came across as a ditsy household decoration rather than a strong woman. Dora was perfect however. This movie was fraught with problems and I wait eagerly for someone to make a decent screen version.
critique6341 Even Steve Martin and Dan Aykroyd couldn't save this movie from laying an emu-sized egg. Based on the classic Phil Silvers TV series it bombed because: A) It was updated to the 1990s and B) The simple premise of the TV series was turned into a confusing feeble and silly screenplay.<br /><br />The original TV series used a small cast of talented actors to portray lovable characters acting out simple yet hilarious pranks. To expand this premise into a 1990s movie was asking for trouble and it shows. No one could pay me enough to sit through this stinker a second time.
critique6342 I walked out of the cinema having suffered this film after 30 mins. I left two friends pinned in by a great fat bloke to endure the remainder.<br /><br />As soon as the opening sequence of the film unrolled I sensed something was wrong and it wasn't long before I to stop myself from hiding under my seat cringing in embarrassment. I'm not one for walking out of films however bad as they usually have some redeeming feature but this one suffered from a catalogue of bad directing bad acting (bar 'Bruno' character & the impeccable Jean Rochefort -according to my friends)awful editing (in terms of theme and meaning) terrible soundtrack and image correlation that seemed to make an art out placing the wrong peace of music over the image and scene at the wrong time . The worst crime was its overall insipidness and unbelievability (a result of the aforementioned atrocities). Why was it so awful? I do not want to waste more of my time explaining. I'd say go and see it for yourself but I don't want to fill the coffers of this project any more than necessary. Oh the screening did possess one redeeming feature: My friend cambering over the rows of seats in silhouette with his umbrella hooked over his arm as he tried to steady himself -more pathos tension & entertainment in those few moments than in the 125 mins of this sadly dire effort.
critique6343 All right let's be realistic about this. Nobody goes into a movie produced by WWE Films (whose owner has challenged God to a wrestling match) directed by a former porn director (the man gave the world the Between the Cheeks trilogy) starring a wrestler named Kane and expects a little slice of art on a golden platter. If you do then you probably need to find something other than watching movies to occupy your time.<br /><br />So what exactly are we to expect from a movie like this? Well here's what I was looking forward to:<br /><br />1) Bad acting. 2) A fairly non-existent clichÃƒÂ©d storyline. 3) Kane walking around with a scrunched sour face that indicates his nostrils just found the potato salad he misplaced a month ago. 4) Tons and tons of gore. <br /><br />Well if you're hungry for some "so bad it's funny" entertainment then this might satisfy your appetite because it delivers on all counts.<br /><br />Obviously movies like this are best seen for free but if you do choose to sacrifice box office bucks then have some fun and make a game out of it. The filmmakers are nice enough to introduce us to each of the annoying delinquents by flashing their names and legal offenses on the screen. This makes it easier for you to write down which ones you want to see killed and in what order. You and your friends can see whose predictions are most accurate.<br /><br />I also suggest that you and your pals write down every single moment of stupidity and inanity that you can find. Tally them up at the end and see who comes up with the most. I think my grand total was 107; can you beat that? I personally want to know how after 35 years and a fire does this abandoned hotel still have electricity running water and a working elevator?<br /><br />I know I know the filmmakers are assuming that if you pay to see this then you obviously don't put much thought into what you spend your money on and therefore likely won't put much thought into how silly the movie is but that doesn't mean we can't point it out and laugh at it.<br /><br />I also like how the city wants to turn this huge hotel (which would be condemned and recommended for demolition by any sensible inspector) into a homeless shelter and they think the best way to get it cleaned up is to give eight punks a few mops and brooms. Uh-huh.<br /><br />I think you pretty much know what to expect but I feel the need to provide you with a couple of warnings. First if you hate crowd interaction no matter the movie then you might want to stay away. The people in the audience acted like they were at an actual wrestling show. Shouts of "Kill him Kane!" and "I hope you die first!" and "Chokeslam!" echoed through the theater showcasing what I hope is NOT the best of what America has to offer. I usually don't appreciate such audience interaction but for a cheesefest like this I thought the commentary added to the entertainment value. However I can see how others could be annoyed by it.<br /><br />Second and this shouldn't even warrant explanation the film doesn't shy away from the gore. If watching a big ugly dude rip eyeballs right out of their sockets doesn't scream "fun night at the movies!" for ya then you know good and well to save your dough.<br /><br />I must say that I was a little surprised by the extreme lack of dialogue on Kane's part. I wasn't expecting him to put on an acting clinic but I was hoping he'd have some cute little catchphrase like "Say goodnight" (his character's last name is "Goodnight") right before he killed a victim. Instead he uttered four words in the entire film - "Nooooooo!" and "I see it." But hey he delivered them flawlessly!<br /><br />If I were a bad guy in a movie then my catchphrase would be something like "Place your BETTS!" or "All BETTS are off!" <br /><br />It'd rule and you know it. We need a new genre term for bad horror films like See No Evil that induce so much unintentional laughter that you almost have to label them comedic. Feel free to send me your suggestions. For now we'll just call 'em HOR-larious!
critique6344 Based on the Korean legend unknown creatures will return and devastate the planet. Reporter Ethan Kendrick is called in to investigate the matter and he arrives at the conclusion that a girl stricken with a mysterious illness named Sarah is suppose to help him. The Imoogi makes its way to Los Angeles wreaking havoc and destruction. With the entire city under arms will Ethan and Sarah make it in time to save the people of Los Angeles? Written by Anonymous I think he should have included the following<br /><br />This is the worst movie i have ever seen the best actor in the whole thing was the CG dragon and overall it s u c k-ed i am p i s s-ed at not only with the people who made it but myself for watching save yourself the time read a book or something maybe a little Dr Seuss that should be more stimulating.<br /><br />no wonder the guy is anonymous sorry for the format this site has a lot of rules this is the only way i could get this out without adding more
critique6345 This movie purports to be a character study of perversion. Some reviewers have been gulled into assuming that because perversion is depicted the film is psychologically deep; actually considering the salacious material it is surprisingly tedious and shallow with no motivational substance. Why is the main character the way she is? You won't find out from the script. For a better treatment of the same theme (and a more entertaining movie) try Bunuel's Belle de Jour.
critique6346 The movie was supposed to release in 2002 and was much awaited due to the promos but it finally released in 2003 after the producer died<br /><br />The movie is good in parts but overall isn't great<br /><br />The scenes between Rani and Ajay are okay but the other scenes are not well handled<br /><br />The film is too similar to BOLLYWOOD Hollywood and though this was planned before that got released first so originality is lost<br /><br />Milan Luthria disappoints overall after KACHCHE DAAGE<br /><br />Music is good but too many songs<br /><br />Ajay Devgan looks jaded and his appearance gives away that the film was delayed and his acting looks boring too Rani is good Sonali is good too rest are okay
critique6347 I wish I'd known more about this movie when I rented it. I'd put it in my queue on the basis of Heather Graham and her strong cred as an actress (IMHO). While parts of the movie were charming much of the movie felt contrived undeveloped or otherwise just boring or predictable. Not to mention the ICK factor of so many people thinking the sibs were a couple... I don't care how big a part of the story line that is it still felt a bit um gross. And Charlie for a zoologist she certainly doesn't seem to be very attuned to signals from other Homo sapiens. What was it about her (besides her hotness and some common interests) that made Gray fall for her? The story could have been so much more interesting with a little more depth. High points - Molly Shannon (although I do agree with the reviewer who found her annoying on occasion) the cabbie in drag and the dance sequences (if Sam & Gray were such great dancers I wish we'd seen more of that as the bits we were shown were indeed better than most of the rest of the movie). Could have been better.
critique6348 Beginning with its long opening shot of seemingly endless rows of assembly line workers in a Chinese factory Manufactured Landscapes attempts to show the devastating impact of industrialization on the natural environment and traditional societies. Its droning narrative assumes that industrial development in China and elsewhere is entirely unprecedented as if there had never been an industrial revolution in Europe and America and Karl Marx had never visited the British Museum. That there might be a connection between the present-day Asian drive for industrialization and wealth and earlier experiences of starvation and terror is never mentioned.<br /><br />At the same time there's an effort to present Edward Burtynsky's photographs of industrial waste as somehow "beautiful". Much of the film is a slide show of these images. They are well produced of museum size and have apparently appeared in several exhibitions. To me however they only demonstrate that almost any photograph can be made to appear beautiful if well presented. Industrial waste is still industrial waste. The relationship if any between the photographs and the film's spoken message remains unclear.<br /><br />I don't mean to imply that there aren't real and sometimes desperate problems when countries rush to industrialize. Manufactured Landscapes however offers only strange and bitter hopelessness. It's like a two-hour lecture by Noam Chomsky. Maybe it has some value as a demonstration of what's wrong with the American (and Canadian) Left.
critique6349 UGH!...this is the worst Wrestlemania hands down....no good matches.....Hulk Hogan rears his over tanned bald head yet again in the main event the spot light hoggin scum!....not one thing note worthy on this tape oh..I take that back...this is Jim Ross's first WM...but other than that....it has nothing worth seein....a major bust...<br /><br />1 out of 10 stars WOOF!!!
critique6350 ..IT'S THIS ONE! Very cool premise right off the bat.<br /><br />Has an excellent first scene gotta give credit where credit's due.<br /><br />Has solid characters and a decent enough script for a ghost story but here are the things that bothered me: Whenever the ghosts appeared which I really liked by the way; how it was done how it looked...the only thing was the ghost's relationship. Because of the way things went down in the first scene you'd think their dynamic would be different.<br /><br />Things slowed down a little too much in the middle I felt and the crab/spider scene was just not good. BUT then the ending is actually very good! Sure 'The Grudge' basically told the same story with a polished lens but no samurai's and that's what I liked about this movie comparatively.<br /><br />Please someone one with a tempered style remake this movie.<br /><br />Fans of 'Silent Rage' would absolutely love this movie.
critique6351 This movie is Hilarious what is better than watching two creatures battle one another? GIANT cgi versions of these beasts which battle! However I do require one of the guns used in the movie. Because apparently they are using cheats. Count the amount of shots they use before having to...oh wait that's right they never have to reload. Regardless count the shots... it's hilarious.<br /><br />The sound effects used in the movie for the Komodo vary from a tiger to an elephant. Oh and did I forget to mention that apparently these GIANT Komodo dragons are stealthy as hell? Because somehow even when the actors are looking in the direction that the beast comes from they are surprised when it appears.<br /><br />Whenever someone dies you can tell its coming because they all brace for it they put their arms up in the air and cross them to save themselves... it never works.<br /><br />The final gem is that these script writers brains are just a gland full o' knowledge. With "facts" such as both of these creatures being amphibious to comments such as "helpless animals" they are just full of fun facts.
critique6352 I like Chris Rock but I feel he is wasted in this film. The idea of remaking Heaven Can Wait is fine but the filmmakers followed the plot of that turkey too closely. When Eddie Murphy remade Dr. Doolittle and The Nutty Professor he re-did them totally -- so they became Murphy films/vehicles not just tepid remakes. That's why they were successful. If Chris had done the same this could have been a much better film. The few laughs that come are when he is doing his standup routine -- so he might as well have done a concert film. It also would have been much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabits was a truck driver or hillbilly. So why does Hollywood keep making junk like this? Because people go to see it -- because they like Chris Rock. So give Chris a decent script and give us better movies! Don't remake films that weren't that good in the first place!
critique6353 If you have beloved actors Peter Falk Rip Torn George Segal and Bill Cobbs you don't need Billy Burke Coolio or any other distractions. Massive talent is totally wasted in "Three Days to Vegas" with the blame falling squarely on the script. My neighbor's vacation films are about as interesting as this misguided road movie. If you want to see how to utilize a veteran cast with a good script check out "The Crew". There really are no redeeming factors here and watching these wonderful actors struggling with such weak material is a crime. I wanted to like it but the shallow script cheats the audience by essentially giving the actors nothing to work with. - MERK
critique6354 I also saw this amazingly bad piece of "anime" at the London Sci-Fi Festival. If you HAVE to watch this thing do so with a large audience preferably after a few beers you may then glean some enjoyment from it. <br /><br />I found the dialogue hilarious lodged in my mind is the introduction of Cremator. The animation is awful. It is badly designed and badly executed. It may have been a good idea for the producers to have hired at least one person who was not colour blind.<br /><br />There's nothing else to say really this film is a failure on every level.
critique6355 The beginning was decent; the ending was alright.<br /><br />Sadly this movie suffers from complete and utter shallowness of the characters unrealistic confrontations/fight scenes lack of anyone intelligent outside of the shuttle. This makes for an awful middle screenplay. <br /><br />Stuff to look for: overly obvious foreshadowing fast-healing cuts overly smoky fires fun seatbelts delayed reactions.<br /><br />I did give it a 4 not a 0 because the start of the movie had some nice elements of happiness and basic character development. The relationship between the main dark-haired girl and her fiancÃƒÂ©e is touched upon briefly and the placement of the blond friend's impact on that relationship is present though awkwardly so. The business discovered at the end is becoming more mainstream and decently done though as another commenter pointed out not unexpected. <br /><br />~viper~
critique6356 While I count myself as a fan of the Babylon 5 television series the original movie that introduced the series was a weak start. Although many of the elements that would later mature and become much more compelling in the series are there the pace of The Gathering is slow the makeup somewhat inadequate and the plot confusing. Worse the characterization in the premiere episode is poor. Although the ratings chart shows that many fans are willing to overlook these problems I remember The Gathering almost turned me off off what soon grew into a spectacular series.
critique6357 I'm not a fan of the Left Behind book series - the books are written at a 6th-grade reading level with a lack of research and understanding of science technology and politics. While the books do manage to remain faithful to scripture their methods of fulfilling prophecy are often ridiculous (an example is their explanation for the Russian/Arab invasion of Israel). Also the books have an unmistakable preachy tone that will turn off unbelievers rather than bring them to the gospel. Still I found myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of Revelation. For a similar reason I watched this film adaptation. I am sad to say that it is a rather mediocre film bordering on poor. The acting is actually rather decent for the most part with occasional bits of poor acting and over-acting. The script is rather bad though it is hardly unexpected when starting with the novel as a basis. The characters are poorly drawn and underdeveloped. Events feel scattered and disconnected. The dialogue sometimes sounds rushed. At least the book managed to flesh out its hokey conspiracy theory. Here the viewer is left with an incoherent mess that only makes much sense if one has read the book. The pacing of the film is also very poorly executed with the opening and conclusion seeming extremely rushed and the middle dragging to an excruciatingly slow trudge that makes it feel padded. The music is schizophrenic. At times it successfully underscores the mood and sounds fitting for a motion picture. At other moments it reminds me of sitcom and mini-series music. And still other bits remind me of a poppy MTV soundtrack that just doesn't belong in the film. I can give the film points for the scene of panic on board the plane but that's it. The other scenes involving the disasters after the Rapture are far from compelling. The film also suffers from the book's preachiness although its message isn't quite as in your face. In all I found the movie just as disappointing as the series. This is not the film to rally Christians around it. I hope that this film does NOT get any attention at the theaters next year. It would be more unnecessary bad publicity for Christianity. For an example of a compelling intelligent well-researched series based on Revelation that presents a realistic and Christian world view without offending the secular reader (who after all should be whom a Christian is trying to reach) read the Christ Clone trilogy by James BeauSeigneur. It's a great read and is a much better choice for unbelievers or believers who appreciate quality.
critique6358 Booted out of heaven a gang of horny naked female angels (with big plastic fangs) have taken up residence in a spooky forest where they feed upon any hapless souls who should wander by. It's not long before a group of friends on a road trip are falling victim to the bloodthirsty babesÃ‚Â… An independent low budget horror made in the UK Forest of the Damned takes an interesting premise and flushes it down the pan with some of the worst acting effects and direction I have seen in a long time.<br /><br />Director Johannes Roberts shows some occasional flair behind the camera Ã‚Â– the scenes in the delapidated house are fairly tense and there are some deftly handled 'shock' moments - but for the most part the film is technically amateurish. Throw in some truly awful performances from horror icons Tom Savini and Shaun Hutson and you have one real bad movie on your hands.<br /><br />Some fun may be derived from the film's sheer shoddiness and there is loads of female nudity for the guys to savour but most will find this a chore to sit through.
critique6359 It starts really interesting - the story develops around the main character who runs a "cleaning business" specialized in cleaning up crime scenes. As a former cop he runs into some strange situation when one job does suddenly "offically vanish". Furthermore he discovers some relation to an investigation into police corruption. His "Columbo Feeling" is justified the deeper he gets into the background of the story. The good actors (Jackson Ed Harris Eva Mendes) play in an suspenseful story with some twists --- but only up to the last 25 minutes. (up to here 7 of 10 stars). SPOILER:::: Suddenly the movie looses its touch and in the end there is a completely unnecessary shoot-out involving the 14-year old daughter a betrayal of friendship and a not justified righteousness out of the character development... why not having Cutler giving up his investigation for the sake of the friendship? or having the daughter discovering some facts? or ... many possible much better story finishes are imaginable... a truly wasted ending!
critique6360 This is an irredeemably stupid boring unimaginative lazily put together piece of garbage. When watching a direct to video slasher pick it is only fair to expect the film to be trashy on some level but this goes beyond trashy. It is just horrible on every level with a clichÃƒÂ© ridden script that manages to be both incredibly stupid and incredibly boring at the same time a cast of no name over actors and some of the worst special effects I have ever seen. Even fans of slasher movies won't be able to find anything here that would make this film a worthwhile use of an hour and a half. <br /><br />The plot focuses on your usual group of young people who decide to spend the weekend at a remote farm in West Virginia that one member of the group has recently inherited. Unfortunately for the teenagers the inherited land was once owned by a farmer who made sacrifices in order to help his crops grow or something stupid along those lines and now some evil scarecrows are out to kill everybody. I don't know anything about writer director Paul Moore but I am assuming he is over ten years old and therefore he ought to be able to come up with something more original than killer scarecrows. Honestly. <br /><br />The special effects bringing the scarecrows to life are laughably poor. They often look like hardly more than Haloween costumes on sticks. Special effects such as these would have been considered rather rather poor twenty years ago but by todays standards they are nothing short of embarrassing. <br /><br />This is a total waste of time for all viewers whether or not they are into horror movies. If you must watch a slasher film rent any one of the "Friday the 13th" or "Halloween" movies. Most of them aren't very good but are certainly superior to crap like this.
critique6361 In my opinion this movie advances no new thought. seems to me like taking a spear to a spear without looking to the side! the director seems to have an agenda! Duh! I find that his rational is lacking there does not seem to be room for the alternative view. I for one am usually on the side of the naysayer but this movie lacks credibility as it relies on the fantastic observations of the man/woman on the street. really now if you wish to cr5eate a credible alternative to a creed held onto for 2000+ years you have got to make more of an effort allowing the other side to voice their beliefs. I'm not sure but at the beginning of the movie it felt like an attack on the Cristian faith I for one am a non believer but allow for the beliefs of others and would not wish no ridicule them but try to understand and tolerate.
critique6362 Did anyone stop to realise what sort of movie they were producing here ? Now let`s a former marine officer becomes assinged to a group of kids at a cadet school so this should be a family comedy right ? Wrong . This is just a gross comedy aimed at teenagers with many bad taste moments .It might have been watchable in an extremely dumb way at this point but I found Damon Wayans voice to be irritating beyond belief . Does he speak like that in real life ? If he does then he has my sympathy but he won`t be getting any of my money from watching his movies
critique6363 This UK psychological thriller is known in the United States as CLOSURE. Exploitation of X-Files' Gillian Anderson who plays an attractive middle aged businesswoman of substance named Alice. She must attend a business party and invites Adam(Danny Dyer) who just installed a security system for her to be her escort. On the way home speeding through the woods on a narrow lane Alice's auto collides with a deer. After pulling the wounded animal off the road the couple is savagely attacked by a drunken gang of thugs. Adam is beat to a pulp; Alice is gang raped and both are emotionally and physically devastated by the ruthless attack. When the identities of their attackers are discovered Alice and Adam set out to exact revenge...brutal revenge. The couple at times find themselves at odds on how to deal with the ruthless attackers. Their final decision is to avenge with no mercy. Let there be no mistake payback IS hell. Also in the cast: Anthony Calf Ralph Brown Francesca Fowler and Antony Byrne. Brutal violence disturbing images nudity and graphic rape.
critique6364 Ravi Chopra wrote this film 40 years back wanted to cast Dilip Kumar in the lead<br /><br />The film finally was re-written and made in 2003 and hence the subject looks dated and too superficial at times<br /><br />Like the reason Amitabh-Hema separate is too superficial even the way the youth are shown is too bad like Gulshan in AVTAAR<br /><br />The message though comes well but things are presented in a clichÃƒÂ©d manner Salman's character is the worst looks straight out of a storybook while the climax speech of Bachchan is good and also the final of not forgiving the sons is good<br /><br />Ravi Chopra does a good job Music is decent the songs sung by Bachchan stand out<br /><br />Amitabh excels like always he has played an elder stern father earlier but here he plays a victim and portrays it well His last speech is great Hema is good in her part Aman Verma stands out Samir Soni is okay Naseer and the rest sons and wives are decent though Divya Dutta stands out Salman Khan is fake Mahima is okay Paresh and Lillete are lovable
critique6365 This was truly the most painful experience I have had in quite some time in a movie theater. I will forego such facile criticisms as 'maudlin' or 'historically inaccurate' or 'horse's crap's crap' because quite simply our sympathies would then immediately go out to these words. If a director's to make a sweeping grandiose love epic well for god's sake MAKE A REAL DAMN SWEEPING GRANDIOSE LOVE EPIC! Why bother with such laughably unconvincing second rate harlequin romances and such boring interchanges between characters we could care less about when the most decisive battle on Canadian soil is taking place? And for the pompous people thinking 'oh well this story must center characters!" well you're wrong dead wrong.
critique6366 I was sick one day and was skimming channels and I came upon this terribly rank movie. The plot and even the subplots (if you can find one) have been done to extinction. BUT as bad as the story was I reserve a special comment for Liza Minelli. Her character was absolutely one of the most annoying characters I have ever has the misfortune of seeing on film. Her only two competitors in this category are John Leguziamo in "The Pest" and Julia Stiles in anything she's done (or half-done). Maybe she performed exactly as the script suggested or maybe (groan!) that is the limit she has to her acting range. Either way they should have had a rewrite and killed her off in the first 30 seconds of the film (eg. Like the girl that fell off the balcony in Lethal Weapon (I) (but at least she had nice breasts))<br /><br />Most Humbly Submitted...Douglas Neidermeyer
critique6367 This is in simple terms one of the worst films ever made. The story goes way beyond being tasteless and judging by the actors performance they know it. There just in not one single redemming quality of this film. Patrick Swayze will have to overcome some major obstacles in his career before people forget about this turkey.
critique6368 This review also contains a spoiler of the first movie -- so if you haven't seen either movie and want to but don't want the spoilers please don't read this review!<br /><br />While this movie is supposed to be about Christian and Kathryn meeting for the first time the movie is a poor copy of the first Cruel Intentions. The actors that they had portray Ryan Phillippe's Christian and Sarah Michelle Gellar's Kathryn are very poor substitutes indeed. Neither can pull off the smarmy snooty rich-kid attitude that the original actors did. It's absolutely appalling that some of the dialog was verbatim -- not so much between Christian and Kathryn but if you listen closely enough you'll recognize it. There are also inconsistencies in the plot - if this were truly the first meeting of Christian and Kathryn then why is it that Christian fell in love with a girl at the end of the movie? He supposedly was supposed to be in love for the first time in the original movie (with Reese Witherspoon's character).<br /><br />Also the tie-in with the photography/"You could be a model" comment at the end was totally lame and didn't add anything at all. Overall this movie was a waste of time. I can't believe they made a Cruel Intentions 3.
critique6369 *spoiler alert!* it just gets to me the nerve some people have to remake (and i use the term loosely here..) good movies. in the american version of this dutch thriller someone decided the original ending wasn't pasteurized enough for american audiences. so what do they do? they create a new one! a stupid improbable i-pretend-i'm-dead-but-come-to-life-again-so-the-good-guy-can-kick-my-butt- some-more kind of ending. do yourself a favor and get the original one.
critique6370 The Little Mermaid is one of my absolute favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to say however that Disney completely messed up when they made this sequel. I'll admit it has some good points to it. The songs aren't bad and the animation is clean and clear. There is some humor I'm sure--I don't remember because after watching it I immediately banned it from appearing before my eyes again. The worst point of this movie is the plot. In this movie Ariel becomes her father. She forbids her daughter to go near the sea (yes out of fear) just as she was forbidden to go near the land. I personally think that given her past Ariel would maintain some of her headstrong ways and not treat her daughter like she herself was treated.<br /><br />Besides this fact Ursula was replaced by a non-scary pathetic sort of sea witch (the underfed forgotten sister) who is more comical than scary. She too has some little underling to do her bidding--but she's not scarier or worse than Ursula. Ursula spoiled us with her believability for badness. This sea witch is a joke.<br /><br />To make matters worse Flounder is a fat deep-voiced father (no longer the cute guppy we all know and love) and Eric's voice is not even done by the same actor (something that always annoys me in a remake/sequel). (His voice difference was very obvious to me by the way!) I felt that the only reason this movie was made was so that Disney could catch a few fast dollars something I hate to think about a corporation I actually really do enjoy. I felt that this plot lacked imagination. I know that this act (child following in the footsteps of a parent) happens but Ariel was different. That was what we loved so much about her. She had a dream she fell in love and she made that dream come true. Until she appeared in this movie that is. Then she became just like the other adults. This isn't the Ariel I know. And I don't like her.<br /><br />I know of some children who have enjoyed this film and I know some adults who didn't mind it either. But for me and for all of you out there who have the utmost love for Ariel please don't see this movie. The Ariel we know dies within resurrected only for a song or two and one final scene that actually isn't bad (where she accepts the water back again)--although she takes very little part in the ending regardless.
critique6371 The most remarkable thing about "Talk Radio" is how bad it is. The callers' voices all have a phony reading-from-a-script ring to them. An evening with an annoying loudmouth at a Dallas radio station is told with the portentousness of a Sartrean glimpse into Hell. Stone tries for an existential revelation and gets unintended comedy instead. Whenever a caller makes a "profound" (empty) point about something Stone shoves the camera at one of his character's face as they are stricken with some traumatic realization that is never revealed to the audience. Bogosian overacts throughout in one of the most irritating performances ever smeared onto celluloid. Underrated classic? Give me a break.
critique6372 There must be an error. This movie belongs with "Plan 9" and a lot others as a quite entertaining silly diversion. You'll never accept you like it yet you will watch it whenever it comes out on TV. It's as simple as that.
critique6373 After huge budget disaster films set in America like The Day After Tomorrow and Deep Impact it was refreshing to see something on a smaller scale like Flood.<br /><br />Using mainly unknown actors and actresses and actually focusing on England it was a welcome change of pace to seeing The Empire State Building being demolished.<br /><br />However this is not a strong film on any basis. Whilst being fairly shocking seeing all your favourite London landmarks being demolished by a very fake CGI storm surge Flood doesn't really deliver on anything else.<br /><br />The performances are bland being saved from the pit of hell by David Suchet and his refreshingly calm performance as the Deputy Priminister. He is perhaps a little too calm for what is going on in the film all that fake water gushing around London must have made him pretty annoyed.<br /><br />It is understandable that the effects weren't going to be as good as TDAT and DI but the CGI was at best average.<br /><br />Bland disappointing and sometimes even tiresome. Watch it if you must but watch something else straight afterwards.
critique6374 I voted 3 for this movie because it looks great as does all of Greenaways output. However it was his usual mix of "art" sex and pretentious crap.I know lots of people like this film but I grew tired of it VERY quickly. It is definitely not for everyone. The ubiquitous McGregor obviously took the part for crediblity's sake I guess but he really should not have wasted his time. I hate to consign anyone to pseud's corner but please.....!!! On the plus side it IS visually very attractive and I enjoyed the music but could not see it through to the end and I cannot say that for many movies. I usually watch the whole thing but this is unbearable!!
critique6375 Unfortunately this is not one of those movies which at least make you laugh at their unbelievable stupidity. It has no entertainment value at all. It just plain sucks. I don't know where to start to explain how much this movie annoyed me. I think what really takes the cake is the unbearable soundtrack. It sounds as if someone took a simple beat and then for the rest of it let a 5 year old child run amok with a synthesizer and taped it. It's really that awful and as if that's not enough there's not one scene in the movie without "music" (=noise). By the end of the movie you're either deaf or already cut off your ears earlier. Which would at least keep you from falling asleep since there is nothing happening in the movie to keep your attention. Just a lot of bad acting a few cheap and unconvincing kills no story at all (it just jumps from one scene to another and you as the viewer can try to make any sense of it) and in the last 30 minutes or so you can witness some of the worst "special effects" ever. It's extremely boring. Do not watch this movie! You could do something much more entertaining like staring at a wall or reading the phone-book. Did I mention how much the soundtrack sucked?
critique6376 This movie had a IMDB rating of 8.1 so I expected much more from it. It starts out funny and endearing with an energy that feels spontaneous. But before the movie is half-way through it begins to drag and everything becomes sickingly predictable. The characters in the office were delightful in the first third of the movie but we get to know them a little too well; they become caricatures not real people at all. This is the same story I've seen hundreds of times only told here with slightly different circumstances. The thing is I could stomach another predictable love story if only the dialog weren't so stale!<br /><br />The only thing that could be worse is if the characters had inconsistent and unbelievable motivations and unfortunately that was also the case with Dead Letter Office. Hopefully this movie will end up in the Dead Movie Office soon.
critique6377 I saw this movie on the shelf at Blockbuster and thought it looked cool. The DVD case touted so many great actors and I wondered to myself "Why have I never heard of this movie?" Then I turned over the case and saw the director Lee Tamahori and thus the answer began to explain itself. <br /><br />First of all I want to defeat the idea that a great cast equals a great movie but more importantly I think I should explain why this movie is so terrible. Okay the script is awful and full of one dimensional characters. This is the worst role I've ever seen Chazz Palminteri play and I'm surprised he would do something this ridiculous. However under-appreciated yet talented actors must earn their money. Palminteri plays a one dimensional police detective who comes off about as dumb as a C-movie mob henchman. Him along with the lead detective (the poorly directed Nolte) the great but simple Michael Madsen and the late Chris Penn (whose role along with Madsen's was completely thrown away) make up an elite squad of LA detectives tasked to rid the city of mobsters sometime in the late 30s or 40s. The movie introduces this squad as cops who will break every law to make sure those who think they're above the law don't operate in their city. At the beginning of the film the cops rough up a local restaurant grab an alleged mobster (William Peterson) and take him to a place they call the Mulholland Falls. They toss him off one of the cliffs on Mullholland Drive and this is supposed to demonstrate how serious these guys are about ridding the city of crime. Whatever. This was nothing more than a cheap excuse to use a crappy title that's designed to make you think of LA and its famous sites. Somewhere later on they find the dead body of Jennifer Connelly and the plot begins. <br /><br />On to the direction which was nothing short of amateur and WEAK! Aside from the fact that the characters were B-movie quality the overacting by those such as Treat Williams the guy who plays the chief of police and the awful Daniel Baldwin are just a few highlights that made this movie seem like it was Lee Tamhori's first film. There's not one good performance in the movie aside from maybe Melanie Griffith who some might argue was the worst in the movie (she won a Razzie for this film). In the end it was her character that was not that great and she really didn't have much to work with. <br /><br />As with any bad movie it all begins with the writing and this script was no gem. Plot is formulated simply on the basis of setting up the next scene and never takes into consideration characters' motivations. The way the characters behaved was unbelievable. Cops taking the law into their own hands is believable within the right circumstances (see LA CONFIDENTIAL) but in this case it looked like these guys could get away with anything including murder and never bat an eye about cleaning anything up. I guess we as an audience are just supposed to assume that no one saw anything and that people won't ask questions. Everything about the story is predictable and is spoon fed so well that we understand everything that's going to happen a good while before the characters do. However it doesn't make us feel smart but rather makes us angry at how stupid the hero is despite the fact that there aren't any heroes in this movie. <br /><br />In the end the best component of the movie was the great score by David Grusin. From the beginning it invoked a since of CHINATOWN which quickly faded when I realized how unbelievable just about everything in the film was. It didn't surprise me to learn that it made a whopping eleven million in the box office. What I will say is that this film is worth watching for a few laughs. Nick Nolte's acting is like an unsuccessfully domesticated junkyard dog and I laughed every time he tried to be serious. I also nearly fell on the floor at each of the slow motion shots used in the film (I think there are three with one during a key fight scene). When you have to use slow motion in the heat of a dramatic moment you clearly have some problems. So even with my negative criticism I will recommend this movie solely for the purpose of enticing laughter that is if you appreciate the good movies like LA CONFIDENTIAL.
critique6378 I was so looking forward to seeing this at the film festival in Sydney. I left the theater like many others before the end credits because I couldn't sit through it any longer. It was badly shot the sound sucks and the acting was worse than an episode of The Love Boat. Now I know why this film hasn't been able to find an American distribution company to release it in the United States. This screams of a low budget high school production.
critique6379 Ridiculous fluff that compounds its error by trying to have meaning. Joan this time as a congresswoman Agatha Reed chairwoman of a committee dedicated to "investigating the high cost of food." Says Congresswoman Reed "The housewife has been getting it in the neck too long. I'm going to keep fighting long enough so that the American family can take a vacation once a year see a movie every week and feed an occasional peanut to an elephant." She's all business but becomes all gushy when she is awarded an honorary degree from Good Hope College where she was expelled for the crime of having stayed out all night (the parallel to Joan's real life is unmistakable here as it is in all Joan Movies). The degree causes much consternation on campus ("That would make it the most broad-minded institution in the history of education!") Ã‚Â– but Joan is unaware of this as she arrives. The college president Jim Merrill played by Robert Young at his handsomest happens to be Joan's former teacher Ã‚Â– and lover. It was with *him* that she spent the night out all those years ago but Joan felt it was better to just disappear rather than try and explain to the skeptical college that they were about to be married. Naturally this high-profile event will be covered by *Life* magazine Ã‚Â– and who does the photographer turn out to be? Yet another of Joan's old lovers Ã‚Â– this one she hung out with in China "during the war" and he thinks Joan might be headed for trouble with her old flame. Eve Arden playing Joan's assistant "Woodie" is at her butchest and most smart-alecky in this movie Ã‚Â– with her flippant and unnecessary remarks that would make you dismiss her from her job if you didn't like her so much. But you not only like Eve in this as in all her roles you adore her. She is so droll and no-nonsense you'd like to pay her just to hang around and be one of the boys. When Joan cries upon arriving at her alma mater Eve tells her it "looks fierce." But Joan says that maybe others only see a collection of buildings she Joan sees youth Ã‚Â– herself at 18 "eager expectant Ã‚Â– a little frightened asking 'What is life? What am I?'" But of course if we actually go into depth about Joan at 18 the truth may be a little different. <br /><br />For me this is the major problem in watching any Joan movie. You can call her characters whatever you want to but it's always all Joan all the time. So since what we're always seeing is Joan being herself it's easy to dispense with character's names. It's just that it gets confusing when Joan tries to tell us something patently untrue like her description of herself at 18 Ã‚Â– when we know that at 18 Joan had already been around the block several times. Many men would have described her as eager and as far as being expectant she had already had several abortions at this point. But that's a personal problem and I digress but I simply wanted to explain why I say things such as "Ã‚Â…and then Joan doesÃ‚Â…" this or that or "We see Joan as..." when we are not literally watching a home movie.<br /><br />There is an unintentionally hilarious moment in which Joan is given the Clara Bow doll that she left behind in college Ã‚Â– quick arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporaries and this is a transparent ploy to make us believe Joan is much younger than she actually looks. It fails. What also fails is an attempt at early-50s political correctness. In the story Joan has written a book about free speech and made a film (no not the one about the plumber) and she attracts the attention of an early 50s campus radical Dr. Pitt who is about to be fired for his views which are shockingly similar to Joan's. This is where the movie mysteriously becomes a morality tale Ã‚Â–a weak one to be sure but perhaps the only thing that keeps it from sliding into oblivion.
critique6380 Okay it was very good...but Best Picture? Please not even close. Munich was better Capote was much better Good Night and Good Luck was much better...Brokeback Mountain - well that should have won! The Academy voters seem to act like the current day Democrats - please just a little of everyone but don't dare take any concrete positions. That's why we have a complete moron in office in the US.<br /><br />This has been the WORST AA presentation ... and forget 1987 ... since way before that. Hollywood is so afraid of it's bottom line that it can't be set "straight". Many voters apparently didn't even see Brokeback Mountain. Get real and get with it.<br /><br />This was the most pathetic year since I have been watching in the mid- 60's and I was only two.<br /><br />Wake up whoever you are. Hollywood IS mainstream and that's what happened to the Box Office in 2005. King Kong the last Star Wars film another Batman film a re-make or whatever of Charlie and The Chocolate Factory and much more to come in 2006.<br /><br />At least there were original best pictures i.e. Munich but heard that one before Capote - great; Katherine Keener should have won even though now we know Reese can sing like a Cash/Carter etc. Syriana was a much better picture than Crash. That film has been done since the early 1960's and we have to make that the best film? What a horrible Oscar night and a horrible year to end with in 2005 and another boring year in 2006. At least the BAFTA for best picture went to Brokeback and what about the horrible song that won? Pathetic. I think we only have about 20 years left as America or the USA before someone comes in and changes up things a bit. Maybe it will be China since they own so much of this country ... or India because they have all the high-tech jobs and are the largest democratic country in the entire world.<br /><br />America has become the land of the fat the pathetic and the stupid. Trash can be found in more places than Florida West Virgina South Dakota and in the mid-West.<br /><br />Drive-through a local McDonald's or Burger King for goodness sake. Order all you want until you get a heart attack. Put yourself out of your misery.
critique6381 OK Number one-this "film" is a "90's" version of a crappy show from the 70's that no one remembers! Number two-As soon as the movie started I was confused it was like I walked in halfway through the movie! There was no plot! it was very annoying! Horrible wardrobe! Call me crazy but It's just not believable to me that little skinny Omar Epps can chase down a big grown man without a gun and scare him into talking! It's a ridiculous "plot". I'm sorry but to me kids these days can't even put their pants on one leg at a time let alone catch some "evil underground killers". I walked out of the theater and demanded and got my money back! I do not reccomend this movie to anyone over 12 years old!
critique6382 This was a disappointing film. The people seem to have no substance the lead protagonist Martin Cahil has zero redemptive values in fact everyone in it including Jon Voight epitomizes sleeze. I would not recommend this film to anyone. The violence is distasteful though artfully done. The filming is to black at least the print i saw fit this category. A disappointment.
critique6383 Strangeland (1998) D: John Pieplow. Kevin Gage Elizabeth Pena Brett Harrelson Robert Englund Tucker Smallwood Amy Smart Dee Snider (Twisted Sister) Amal Rhoe. Disturbing scenes of torture `highlight' this dark disgusting movie about a sadistic psychopath who lures teens into his torture chamber via the Internet. Snider (from ex-80s rock band Twisted Sister) plays the putrid psychopath who is a grimy `twist' (no pun intended) on Hannibal Lecter. Pena is wasted as one of the victims' mothers. Harrelson (brother of Woody) delivers one of the worst cop performances I have ever seen in a movie and Rhoe proves why this is her only screen credit with an equally pathetic performance. The heavy metal soundtrack is ultimately numbing the torture scenes very graphic and gross and the ending just sucks. RATING: 3 out of 10. Rated R for graphic violence and torture strong language and sexual situations.
critique6384 Mixed group of "experts" (explorers divers and scientists) venture a mile underground and go another 2.4 miles underwater to a spot even more remote where they find salamanders giant albino moles (??) and some big razor-fanged winged computer generated creatures lurking about. The cave is sealed off by a rockslide and then the monsters attack and start killing everyone off as they search for an exit. And that's all she wrote with this low-aiming effort that even fails to combine action science fiction and horror on the most elementary of levels. Imagine if someone gave the folks at the Sci-Fi Channel 30 million dollars to make a monster movie. That's precisely what THE CAVE is like; almost startling in its ineptitude at times full of clichÃƒÂ©s and almost entirely dependent on the special effects to entertain. The only difference is they had more money to build sets more money to polish up the monsters and more money to hire supposedly professional actors who give awful performances anyway. Otherwise it's business as usual. Some of these movies are still fun to watch. This one is not and there are loads of reasons why: <br /><br />1.) It takes itself far too seriously and has no sense of humor whatsoever. So you get a completely unoriginal and predictable movie that doesn't even recognize how unoriginal and predictable it is. <br /><br />2.) The opening sequence serves no purpose whatsoever other than killing a few minutes and adding to the redundancy.<br /><br />3.) Unoriginal looking CGI creatures are not impressing anyone in this day and age. <br /><br />4.) Utilizing shakycam and quick-cut editing for your horror scenes is simply lazy unimaginative film-making. And why further obscure the action by making things too dark AND adding annoying distractions such as fire and explosion of bubbles? It makes these scenes not only difficult to see but also impossible to enjoy even on a no-brainer action level.<br /><br />5.) Even though it wants you take to it seriously the script is full of clichÃƒÂ©s the dialogue is awful and there's no attempt whatsoever at characterization. Casting 25-year-old-looking model types in roles as brilliant scientists and gruff veteran explorers might provide some eye candy but it completely kills the credibility of a movie that otherwise plays out completely straight. Sorry you can't have it both ways.<br /><br />6.) There were two exceptions to the model rule as they did decide to cast an old guy and an average looking Joe. These were the first two characters killed off. <br /><br />7.) For a little diversity they also squeezed in a black guy and a Chinese guy. Strangely neither are given much of a voice in this film and basically stand in the background as whitey discusses what their next move will be. Insulting. <br /><br />8.) Furthermore how many movies have to be made where a black character sacrifices his life at the very end just to ensure Hot White Female Lead and Hot White Male Lead end up together at the end? Ugh. Give me a break already.<br /><br />9.) Much of the acting was HORRIBLE. Cole Hauser's performance was completely laughable. The other male lead looked like he just walked off the set of a Soap Opera and coasted by using the patented dimpled-smile-makes-all-the-ladies-swoon technique which is the PG-13 gender-switch equivalent to my-large-breasts-make-all-the-guys-swoon technique often used by ladies in R-rated films. Either way his performance was completely phoned in. Daniel Dae Kim (from the TV series "Lost") and Piper Perabo also stunk up the room with their stilted and monotone line delivery.<br /><br />10.) Was the ending a joke? Absolutely terrible. Please God we do not need a sequel to this garbage.<br /><br />So basically I wouldn't bother with this one unless you've never seen a monster movie before or if you're just really desperate and the only other thing on is "The Simple Life." The sets were good the blue-tinted photography is OK and a few of the actors (Lena Headey Marcel Iures...) tried their best so I decided to boost the rating up one notch to a "2."
critique6385 Because of the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days. It's pretty much crap consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from Season 2 and was described by its writer Maurice Hurley as "terrible just terrible." <br /><br />Why the producers couldn't just wait to shoot something decent who knows. I'm guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money and could only release a flashback episode or maybe Roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to veto this half-assery. This episode also marks the final appearance of Diana Muldaur (Dr. Katherine Pulaski) on the series.
critique6386 The second in the Vacation series is easily the least enjoyable one as Clark Griswold wins a trip for the whole family to Europe.<br /><br />The tasteless below the belt humor that worked so well the first time around is practically nonexistent here. That fault surely lies with director Hackerling who's obviously nowhere near as good a director as Harold Ramis and a very uninspiring script that has only a handful of decent lines scattered around.<br /><br />The cast does what they can; Chevy Chase injects some form of life into the proceedings but it's simply not enough and the very funny Eric Idle is completely wasted in a small role as a very unlucky Englishman. Some potentially hilarious moments aren't played out to their full potential and leave the viewer mostly aggravated. All depictions of Europeans are one-dimensional and almost universally not funny at all (like how the English are SOOO polite).<br /><br />Apart from a few scenes there's hardly a laugh in sight and the ending turn this one into complete slapstick. But if you're a Chevy Chase fan (like myself) the film is watchable but no more than that.
critique6387 This crap is like watching paint dry. I'm so disappointed because I was so eager to see it.<br /><br />There simply is no meaning to this film. If it were never made no one would notice or care. It's hyped up because of all the big names in it but if "nobody's" were in nobody would give this film any love.<br /><br />Seriously I was at the point where half-way through the film I would look at Vanessa Redgrave and think "Hurry up and die already!" This is like the "Joy Luck Club" without any of the friggin' joy. It's the "Ocean's 13" (nothing but a big-named cast) of mother-daughter movies and completely anti-climatic...oh until it's finally over.<br /><br />I'm sure they'll all be nominated for Oscars...<br /><br />- 4 stars for cinematography and the ability to convince great actresses to commit to this junk.
critique6388 Legend has it that at the gala Hollywood premiere screening of 2001: A Space Odyssey about 20 minutes into the film Rock Hudson yelled out "Would somebody please tell me what the hell this movie is about?" Well I have Rock beaten by about 19 minutes 59 seconds. This movie made absolutely no sense at all. Who were those people? Where were those people? What were the rules of the game called Quintet? Are there any rules to Quintet? Were Robert Altman and his cohorts making the movie up as they went along? What was Paul Newman thinking when he signed on to this? Maybe ol' Fast Eddie saw Zardoz and thought "Well if Connery can get involved in a futuristic film that makes no sense so can I." Maybe the good stuff is on the cutting room floor and all we get to see is the incoherent stuff. Also did all the cast get to keep their individual funny hats? You never saw such bizarre looking hats all in one place in your life. Quintet just confirms what I've always thought: when Altman's good he's superb but when he's bad he makes stuff like Quintet
critique6389 <br /><br />This movie sucks. Ridiculous "school" athmosphere unbelievable students that are very bad and behave like criminals but then later after the "good teacher" Nick Nolte taught them they became as good and as quiet as kittens.<br /><br />If this works for you it doesn't for me. 0 out of 10
critique6390 This movie is one reason IMDB should allow a vote of 0/10. The acting is awful even what some here have lauded the Carpathia character! The script looks like it was written in haste. In one scene the black preacher who was left behind when asked by Buck what "dan7" in the computer graphic meant said "Daniel 7 *CHAPTER* 24." He probably meant VERSE 24 but the film makers missed this slip up. Perhaps the worst part is that the film's eschatological position is Biblically unsound. While many Christians have espoused the film's interpretation of end-time events such interpretation in *my opinion* is faulty. To understand these flaws read "Christians Will Go Through The Tribulation" by Jim McKeever and "The Blessed Hope A Biblical Study of the Second Advent and the Rapture" by George E. Ladd.
critique6391 This movie could have been so much better especially considering the talent. Larenz Tate's portrayal of Frankie Lymon was not good especially in musical performances. He doesn't lip sync well and his stage mannerisms are Larenz Tate when he should have been Frankie Lymon. The portrayal of the women as a bunch of gold diggers has Hollywood written all over it. The powers that be obviously pushed it but it only made the characters more unrealistic. The positives of the movie were Miguel Nunez's portrayal of Little Richard and the cameo of Little Richard himself. Lela Rochon is eye candy as usual even in a conservative role. It's too bad that the talents of Halle Berry and Vivica A. Fox were wasted. The whole Frankie Lymon saga was fascinating in real life. Too bad this film was a wasted opportunity.
critique6392 So I got a hold of this as an assignment for Trent Harris who teaches occasionally in the film dept at the U of U. I guess this is his only real way to get anyone to see his film...<br /><br />The documentary section at the beginning dragged on. Yes the kid is a nut-job from no where but that's not good enough to keep it interesting.<br /><br />Seeing Sean Penn dressed as a ONJ is the only highlight... and after about thirty seconds it loses all humor.<br /><br />When Crispin Glover takes on Larry the story-telling was better but I just couldn't take anymore...
critique6393 There is a reason why Jay Leno himself will not acknowledge this film. It consistently ranks as one of the worst films of all time. The acting is horrible the script lacks direction and the director himself doesn't seem sure on which way to take this film. "A buddy film" "an action/comedy" "mystery." Seems half way through he gives up and is just along for the ride. Jay Leno and Pat Morita are talented and dedicated performers. It is a shame that they wasted their time and gifts making this mess of a movie. Jay Leno and Pat Morita prior to involving themselves with this had spent years pounding out their crafts on the Hollywood circuit. Mr. Morita had already been a star in his own right acting steadily since the mid 1960s as the star of such cult TV and movie classics as "Happy Days" and the dismal but affable "Mr. T and Tina." And won the hearts of America with his roles in the powerful film "Midway" "The Karate Kid" and a host of others. Mr. Leno can been seen on TV shows dating back to the mid 70s. And was a top performer in the comedy clubs of America. He can be seen in countless TV spots and in major films. It is a shame that they agreed to be seen with this nonsense.
critique6394 Loonatics Unleashed  is the worst thing that could happen to the classic characters created by Chuck Jones . The "Loony Tunes" have many spin -offs and different versions  some were good others not very much .But "Loonatics " it's the worst .The concept is stupid and derivative of shows as "The Power Rangers " and "Teen Titans " . There wasn't any similarity with the original characters and the stories are boring and poorly made . The new designs are ugly and the animation is pathetic . This show just doesn't work .This horrible waste of animation is a complete failure and this shouldn't have be nothing more than a bad joke . Lame ! Zero stars
critique6395 I might not have been the biggest Blair Witch fan but nonetheless appreciated that effort so I was looking forward to Altered especially after reading the superlatives thrown around in various IMDb comments. "Unique" "intelligent" "A future cult classic" and so on... you gotta wonder where people come up with that stuff to describe such a poor effort.<br /><br />Because alas Altered is a poor weak movie that fails to engage in any and every respect. The silliness is not funny. The horror and gore is not scary. And whatever "thinking" aspect some poor fellows saw in this movie were due to severe delusions because there's certainly nothing profound or smart about this mess.<br /><br />OK so we know nothing stands out. Is it at least bearable? Is the experience worthwhile in any way? Unfortunately no. For starters get very poor acting. It's not a stretch to say most B-movies these days feature better acting. The plot? Boring and messy. Dialogs? Many amateurs actually do better.<br /><br />It's really the direction that puzzles. I did not expect major improvements over Blair Witch but at least small steps forward. Instead our director seems to have worsen over time completely oblivious to previous experiences.<br /><br />If there is a major flaw in Altered it's the main set. A major part of the plot takes place in a single location where the main characters are confined but SÃƒÂ¡nchez has failed to give the place any personality whatsoever. Considering that in Blair Witch the forest plays a major part and is as much a character (an antagonist if you will) as the three students you would think the director would realize the same thing was needed here. But no... this place has no personality whatsoever thanks to sloppy direction and no attention to details.<br /><br />There's nothing salvageable here. Die hard fans of "Blair Witch" are better off following Daniel Myrick. Although his output is far from being golden it shows better structure than SÃƒÂ¡nchez and some lessons from Blair Witch are applied (unfortunately in weak stories but still).
critique6396 Yes it can be done. John De Bello and Costa Dillon cleaned out the garbage of their minds and come up with the worst comedic horror  Sc-Fi musical. If there is any acting it is terrible or way over the top. Special effects; take your pick...very low budget or kindergarten. Every cheap clichÃƒÂ© thought of is used. No doubt a fun movie to watch. Worth a cold six-pack or two. Point the finger at radiation if you need an excuse. Mutant tomatoes grow to almost the size of a tow truck and begin attacking mankind. San Diego is a good place as any to start. Scientists and an absent minded military must find the way to stop this red rolling menace. This cult favorite features: David Miller Eric Christmas Al Sklar Tom Coleman Sharon Taylor and John Qualls.
critique6397 Simply miserable Lana Turner-Ezio Pinza vehicle. Pinza had a beautiful voice but he rarely uses it in a film that reminded me of "The Student Prince" with adults. Pinza is no leading man either. He looks like an elderly man ready to collect social security and go fishing.<br /><br />The plot is extremely thin and the supporting cast of Barry Sullivan Marjorie Maine and Debbie Reynolds are given so little to do. Sir Cedric Hardwicke comes in at the end to announce that our King Ezio had better return to his people. As far as I'm concerned the faster the better. Is that Lana Turner really singing with Pinza? Not bad if it is her. The picture would also remind me in a way of the 1960 movie "The Prince and the Showgirl" with Marilyn Monroe and Laurence Olivier.
critique6398 this film is an undisguised attempt to appeal to a younger demographic of fourteen to 24 yr olds' and an insult to all of them. i refuse to believe that that age group is that vapid as to be entertained by this unnecessary "remake". early in the film one of the characters proclaims "i am surrounded by idiots". this is the defining moment in the film which goes steadily down from there. full of clichÃƒÂ©s red-herring "scares" and unexplained events the film is also full of characters who are not exactly brainiacs a formula all too familiar in dumb horror movies. and that crappy "it's so dark i cant see" scenes stolen from Chainsaw Massacre but merely annoying not building any tension nor horror. it's difficult to film in the dark and sometimes darkness is a great vehicle in a film that's suppose to have tension. but my own feeling was that the less you see in this case the better. maybe he didn't want to wait until morning because he didn't care other than it might cost him more money to do night scenes well or he doesn't know how. who knows? unless you have never seen a horror film in your life or you are two or three years old every aspect of this film is predictable and done before. warning: Paris Hilton is in this movie. enough said. all in all a blasÃƒÂ© slasher film which begs the question where the h*ll is the wax?it was treated like a lost leader. if you're bored as possible and all other rentals are out or you're just in the mood for a bad horror film which isn't really scaryor you'd like to see Paris have a pole smash through her head go ahead and take a chance. it's not the worst movie i've ever seen but if this is what the producers of this film thinks a younger audience wants i pray that they are deluded. a profit-driven film with no attempt to achieve any kind of art nor respect for the genre. you know smart characters make for a scarier movie. i believe this is Collet-Serra's debut as a director besides commercials and music videos. he has another one coming out in 2006 called Goal 2. hopefully his goal is to make a better film.
critique6399 It seems whenever a mainstream film company wants to make a movies for teens it concentrates on only one thing: sex. Don't get me wrong I'm no prude but the fact that these people seem to think getting my rocks off is all I'm interested in is highly offensive. Take The Convenant a film that relies so heavily on you finding the main characters attractive it thinks it can get away without a plot and/or a script that wasn't written by a six year old. This is essentially The Craft with (supposedly) hot guys. And yeah that's it. It bored me to tears. Even my friend who usually laps us crap films hated it. It is really stunningly bad to the extent where it can actually be funny. I would have laughed if it wasn't for the fact that several other females in cinema attendance seemed to be enjoying it. They were accompanied by several shifty looking guys who positively curled up and died when the (really clichÃƒÂ©) boy on boy kiss happened towards the end. Watching them squirm really was the highlight of the film. I don't think mainstream Hollywood cinema will ever put out good films for teenagers (or indeed for anyone) so I think I'll give up. Unless you're a teen who likes The Pussycat Dolls thinks Paris Hilton is "hot" and watches MTV it's like some sort of wasteland. Life's hard when you're a fifteen year old who likes art house. :( P.S. Someone should have told the Director that not all teenage girls find would be boy band members "totally HAWT LOL!!!111!!"
critique6400 When a film has no fewer than FIVE different titles it usually means several things and almost always means that the film has major flaws somewhere. Necromancy has major flaws and is just out and out bad. I saw the version on video called Rosemary's Disciples. Yes I am sure it differs from other versions but I am not inclined to think that in any way is any other version and the few more minutes it might have - going to be really any better. The story is perhaps the biggest problem: the film opens with Laurie waking up and her husband taking her to a town where he has a new job at a toy factory for occultists(yep it gets bad this early!). The town is called Lillith and has some guy with a rifle on the bridge to make sure only those selected by the "owner" of the town are allowed in. Soon we find that everyone living in Lillith is a witch and all follow the directives of Mr. Cato - the head of this municipal coven who wants his dead son back(hence the name Necromancy). The people in the town do witch kind of stuff - have ceremonies some like wearing a goat's head and promiscuity abounds(not much really shown in this area) but none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato is played robustly by the figuratively and literally larger-than-life movie maverick Orson Welles. Welles is misused but make no mistake he is the best thing in this movie. And that is really the saddest part of Necromancy as Welles gives a pretty poor and pedestrian performance with little directorial guidance. In one scene at a party director Bert I Gordon keeps going back to Welles watching the action of the party using the exact same frames! It looked ridiculous. As did the scene that was repeatedly seen over and over again of a woman's arm centered in swirling flames after a car crash. It looked like the arm of a shop mannequin. The story is never fully utilized as we never really know what happens: many scenes are shot like dreams or hallucinations and never confirmed. This also applies to the corny hokey ending. The lead Pamela Franklin is pert and pretty and has some talent. Other than her performance real slim pickings from the rest of the cast sans Welles. The direction and story were both done by Gordon who obviously had little gas left in the engine. This is not a good movie in any way under any name.
critique6401 Actually I feel like having my review be that one word. My friend whose opinions I almost always trust about movies especially horror movies warned me NOT to rent this no matter how tempted or bored or desperate to see a new horror movie I was because it was a complete waste of time. Unfortunately I haven't talked to him in a while and I was in a hurry to pick a movie and thought 'what the heck how bad could it be?' WHY don't I learn? What was I thinking? Did I think it would magically turn into a better movie while sitting there on the shelf for years waiting to be rented?<br /><br />The 'plot' concerns a guy who edits films for some company. His boss is a jerk. The guy who had the job before him went insane and blew himself up in the pre-credits sequence so for some reason the boss picks nerdy 'Ed' for the special project of editing "Loose Limbs" splatter movies. He never says what Ed is supposed to edit but I guess that doesn't matter. Ed is upset by some of the clips working on them up at this house all by himself that the boss has decided to relocate him to for no apparent reason. He asks his boss if he can stop or do another project but his boss doesn't care. He starts to slowly go insane supposedly from watching the clips and wants to carry out the gory murders in real life. Or has he been this way all along? Please note that I am making this plot sound much more deep interesting and coherent than it actually is.<br /><br />We don't care about the characters at all or have any sympathy for them or even hate the bad guys. The plot is really really boring and predictable. The splatter isn't even that gruesome or creative-this is NOT worth renting just to see the gore because what there is isn't interesting or original.<br /><br />All the 'tributes' to Sam Raimi just come off like really bad ripoffs and no-one in the movie is anywhere near good looking enough as Bruce Campbell so you can't distract yourself with that. I think an "Evil Dead II-Dead by Dawn" poster is only prominently displayed in one scene in the hopes that Sam Raimi will be flattered and not consider any sort of legal action. A trained chimp could have written a better screenplay. Every time I hear lines like "Are we having fun...yet?" (which even Bride of Re-Animator couldn't pull off without making me wince) I start feeling like picking up some sort of deadly weapon myself. Characters just appear out of nowhere with no explanation wandering in only to get killed. This might be OK if the movie was even remotely amusing or entertaining but it was all I could do to keep from fast-forwarding through most of it. Fortunately I chose to pay some bills and balance my checkbook at the same time the movie was playing. Trust me it did not require my full attention-I still felt like 90+ minutes of my life were wasted just by having this on in the background.<br /><br />Don't watch it no matter HOW tempted you are-you'll hate yourself for wasting your money. Horror fans will be completely disgusted by how incompetent it is. Even those who haven't seen too many splatter movies should stay away as there are so many movies out there you could rent that are much more well worth your while. If you want something brainless low-budget and fun rent something else. Complete waste of time with no redeeming qualities whatsoever. Be smarter than I was at the time and don't be fooled by the "Warning-Not For the Faint of Heart" on the box. You have been warned!<br /><br />
critique6402 Yesterday I watched this tv production and I was very disappointed.<br /><br />I didn't have big expectations when it was a tv production but the complete movie was pain with no ending. I felt it lasted for 3 hours but it was just me who was bored to death. Every minute was a long struggle and I really fought hard to stay away from the "turn off"-switch.<br /><br />The movie is about a doctor (Dr. Verghese) who gets a lot of AIDS-patients and most of them die during the movie. It is hard for Verghese to live with so his family gets punished with his frustrations. However this movie has problems showing both sides it mostly focuses on his conversations with the patients and sometimes we see flicks from his home but we don't get much. The difficulties to show more than one part of Verghese's life doesn't get any better with the poor acting from Naveen Andrews a man I (hopefully) can't see in any good future movies.<br /><br />I believe it got 76 because of the subject (taboo?) but I'm sure that there are better movies about this subject on the market. Stay away from this movie it does not deserve more than 3/10.<br /><br />
critique6403 Gadar is a really dumb movie because it tells a fake story.It's too unrealistic and is a typical sunny deol movie that is aimed to bash Pakistan.The movie's aim is to misguide the viewers so they can think that Pakistan and it's government is bad but trying to hide their own flaws won't work.And all the songs and music of the movie are all bad.Most likely the Sikhs will love th movie cause they are being misguided.The movie sucks and sucks with power. I think only Amisha Patel was good in the movie. If i can give 0 out of 10 I would but the lowest is 1.Please save 3 hours of your life and do not watch this stupid boring movie .Disaster.
critique6404 someone needed to make a car payment... this is truly awful... makes jean Claude's cyborg look like gone with the wind... this is an hour I wish I could sue to get back... luckily it produced severe somnolence... from which I fell asleep. how can actors of this caliber create this dog? I would rather spend the time watching algae grow on the side of a fish tank than partake of this wholly awful concoction of several genre. I now use the DVD as a coaster on my coffee table. $5.99 at walmart is far too much to spend on this movie... if you really have to have it wait till they throw them out after they have carried them on the inventory for several years and are frustrated that they would not sell.<br /><br />please for the love of god let this movie die of obscurity.
critique6405 I heard so much about this movie how it was a great slasher and one of those early 80's movies that die hard fans of most slasher movies just had to see. Well I rented it and I have to say that although it kept my attention as far as the suspense goes for most slasher films such as "April Fools Day" "Friday 13th" and "Prom Night" this film could have been right up there with the above mentioned only it lacked true enthusiasm and potential from the characters as well as the on going story. Characters that I found were unfortunate to be in this movie was the weirdo guy with the frizzy hair that kept creeping around the dorm and of course leading up to his true climatic role during the end with he faces the killer. Another would be the dirty scruffy looking guy with the jean jacket he could have played more roles in this movie that might have made the movie more interesting instead the movie played this guy as just another loser out there making unknown calls while he sleeps with his girlfriend and then drops his part and cuts him off until the end which was a waste I was disappointed in his part in the end. As far as the true identity of the killer goes when the identity was released as to who he was I just laughed but it was all to obvious and he really made a true jerk out of himself as well as an annoying character after his true intentions were revealed. This movie should be one to at least watch once for all slasher fans but don't spend your hard earned money on it in some rare hard to find collectors inventory.
critique6406 This film is absolute trash and proceeds to become even worse towards the very protracted end! <br /><br />The plot is confused and laboured the actors have a couldn't care less attitude (maybe they were paid in advance - bad move or knew they weren't going to get paid) and the sets were featureless boring and cheap.<br /><br />I fell asleep twice and actually decided to not bother with the last 5 minutes as I assumed the actors would have fallen asleep themselves by then. More unrecoverable life time wasted!<br /><br />If you must watch it then take it to the bedroom and forget the sleeping pills for once. But maybe you'll need an antidepressant instead!<br /><br />Sometimes it's good if celluloid degrades.
critique6407 This is one of the most boring horror films I have ever seen as it's absolutely god awful John Carradine has very limited screen time. All the characters are boring and the story is terrible plus I could see the two twists at the end coming miles away!. The great setting and the creepy house definitely would have helped if it wasn't so damn boring and there isn't one character to root for either plus I hope it makes it's way to the bottom 100 because it deserves to be there in my opinion. When John Carradine finally shows up at the end it's a pretty good scene but it's already way too late and the only other screen time he had was in flashbacks plus the only really gory scene in the movie is when a character gets his face messed up by Bee's as it was rather gory. I got this in a DVD Horror set called Back From The Grave and everyone really overacts in my opinion plus it's lucky this was included in a set I bought otherwise I would have chucked this out the window!. This is one of the most boring Horror films I have ever seen as It's absolutely god awful John Carradine has very limited screen time and I say avoid it like the plague! you don't want to go through the torture. The Direction is absolutely terrible!. Carl Monson does an absolutely terrible! job here making every thing look cheap wasting his potential on making creepy atmosphere and just keeping the film at an incredibly dull pace. The Acting is just as bad. John Carradine is good in his scene but other then that he's hardly in the film other then flashback scenes. (Carradine Ruled!!). Merry Anders overacts here terribly as Laura as she didn't convince me at all. Ivy Bethune is OK and somewhat creepy but also overacted she did have a creepy smile at the end though. Rest of the cast I didn't pay enough attention too as I had a lot of trouble getting through it but they were all really bad. Overall please avoid thisIt's not worth the agony!. BOMB out of 5
critique6408 I have to agree with what many of the other reviewers concluded. A subject which could have been thought-provoking and shed light on a reversed double-standard failed miserably.<br /><br />Rape being a crime of violence and forced abusive control the scenes here were for the most part pathetic. It would have been a better idea to cover short glimpses of what was happening and let the audience imagine the deed. And the victim's laugh with the cops when he aborted his police complaint seemed as genuine as that of the cops. No awkwardness no hesitance to merely join in. I don't know if this was bad acting and or bad directing but someone missed the point entirely. As for his half-a**ed supposed search for his attackers pathetic. They should have skipped most of the sex scenes - another monumental failure in themselves and had him meet Colin Friels when he first went to the police. The story could have then been drawn forth with good dialog and the occasional flashback - and saved by the superior acting and presence Colin Friels - the only reason I watched this movie - brings to any project he does.<br /><br />The only concrete revelation of this movie is it was crap.
critique6409 Dillon Fishbourne Reno should have teamed up for a much smarter effort because this one slides in the B-Category and could have been done with no-name actors and a much smaller budget since anyway 2 armored trucks and a wasted warehouse could not have coasted too much. Since the writers did not manage to come with a smart heist plan they targeted the dramatics of the situation but there was not much to exploit there either. Fishbourne and Reno do not bring anything to this movie except the media interest they're only expensive advertising. Dillon is OK but this was a walk in the park. The choices of the main character Ty Hackett are quite uninspired and the final with the "reward" is quite childish. Waste of time money actors and so on.
critique6410 Teamo Supremo are three kids consisting of their leader- Captain Crandall Rope Girl and Skate Lad all with their own battlecry (buza! chika! woopa!) and outfit and moves. They work for the governor Kevin and were recruited after wishing to be heroes and playing at that game. They lead normal lives as well and have family and school duties but most of the action takes place away from school fighting villains. The villains all have rather unique and singular traits such as Mister Vague and his men who never seem to know what their plans are but act anyway. From an evil robot to a wicked baron the three have to encounter them and stop their evil and often strange plans to gain power take revenge etc.<br /><br />The animation itself is quite nice and smooth but the style appears to be simple on purpose. The backgrounds have overlapping colour and the buildings seem futuristic. The music is quite nice and the show isn't too bad altogether although the style isn't my favourite.<br /><br />The plots are almost always nonsensical and ridiculous but after all this is a cartoon and one can't blame them for that. However this would not be in the same rank as Fillmore! or Pepper Ann.
critique6411 Hoods doesn't deliver the goods. This half-baked mafia comedy boasts a stellar cast including Joe Mantegna Kevin Pollack Joe Pantoliano Jennifer Tilly and Seymour Cassel along with a number of faces familiar to those who watch crime movies but it is truly a misfire if there ever was one. Writer & director Mark Malone best known for writing "Dead of Winter" for "Bonnie & Clyde" director Arthur Penn has penned up a pedestrian potboiler that has an ailing but vengeful mob boss Louie Martinelli (Seymour Cassel) dispatching his son Angelo (Joe Mantegna of "House of Games") to whack Carmine DellaRosa. It seems that a rival mob fire-bombed one of Pop's warehouses (in the opening scene) and Martinelli wants payback. Trouble is that nobody has a clue as to who Carmine DellaRosa is. In any other mob comedy such a complication might be amusing but here is just plain flat. Angelo and a carload of wiseguys including his best pal Rudy (Kevin Pollack of "Deterrence") spend half of the time trying to find out who Carmine is. Neither Rudy nor Angelo want to perform the hit so they track down a crazy mob hit-man Charlie (Joe Pantoliano of "Bad Boys") to do the dirty deed. Before they can convince Charlie to make the hit they have to locate him and Charlie's slutty wife Mary (Jennifer Tilly of "Bound") reveals that he is locked up in a mental hospital. Our misfit heroes cruise out to the mental hospital and break Charlie out. About half of the movie is over before they discover that Carmine is a kid in short pants (Vincent Berry) who is bland and harmless. Indeed Carmine has the only decent line in the movie. As our brainless bunch of heroes wheel away from his house with him in the backseat to take care of business Carmine warns them that they need to get him home in time or his father will kill him. Charlie tries to ice the urchin but he cannot. Instead he reconnects with his feelings and wants to go back to the mental hospital so he can report the good news to his doctor. Meanwhile after Charlie decides not to shoot Carmine the kid gets his paws on the pistol and pops off several aimless rounds. Angelo and he struggle over the automatic. The pistol slips out of their collective hands and hits the ground goes off and blows a hole in Rudy's chest. Now keep in mind that Rudy never wanted to shoot the kid in the first place and Angelo and he argued over the wrong-headedness of the hit. So Rudy winds up on the ground with a fatal wound while Angelo struggles to stop the bleeding. Talk about a dull death scene. Angelo is conflicted himself because his father ordered the hit and Angelo fears that dad will do him in if he doesn't execute orders. There is a flashback subplot about Angelo's father teaching him how to handle a gun that provides some insight into Angelo's reluctance to pack a gun.<br /><br />There is nothing remotely redeeming about this depressing comedy with a downer of an ending. Things gets worse and if you last through this 90 minute nonsense you'll see what I mean. The comedy is largely laugh-less. Good actors wallow in sketchy roles that aren't even funny. Perhaps director Malone was trying to do another comedy like "The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight." If he was he missed by a mile. Big-breasted Jennifer Tilly shows cleavage and snarls through a couple of scenes with Mantegna but she doesn't do much of anything else. She's the stereotypical slut who doesn't even get naked. A paycheck is the only way to explain the presence of such a talented cast otherwise this picture is pathetic from start to finish. Initially I had hoped that this might be a "Ransom of Red Chief" knockoff where the kid drives the wiseguys nuts but no such luck here. Of course the biggest surprise is that they have to kill a kid but it's not the kind of a surprise that makes you want to watch it up to its resolution.<br /><br />I actually bought this movie on a Canadian DVD labelÃ‚Â—SevilleÃ‚Â—and it contains only the most basic special features. If you hate previews that give away the plot don't watch the trailer. If you ever meet Joe Mantegna one of your first questions should be why he helped to produce this yawner. It is neither hilarious nor dramatic. There are no quotable lines and none of the characters stand out as either interesting or sympathetic. The Seville DVD presents the movie in full frame with no subtitles or closed captioning.
critique6412 This is one of those horror flicks where twenty-somethings fool around with the dark arts around a camp fire getting into a heap of trouble for doing so. A portal was opened containing a world of demons known as the Kelippoth of the Sitra Achra by a man whose daughter Summer gets kidnapped by something taken into it. Summer is trained by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed to battle the demon monsters. This is a portion of the plot which lends itself to scrutiny. Anyway three wannabee witches who went to high school together Renea the most enthusiastic serious practitioner in the dark arts and her lesbian cohorts Jasmine and Marlene(..it's more or less a passing fad with them though..) join up with buddies Jason and Ricky on a trip in the wilderness where Summer vanished from her home ten years ago. Opening the portal through a spoken text written in an ancient book a demon is set free as is Summer now a warrior babe whose training has led to a very fit and athletic body and skills that have been needed to ward off monsters in the other world.<br /><br />Low budget contains a loopy but ambitious story restraining it into a confined setting. These young adults spend a lot of time running around in the woods hoping not to be fodder for a beast. As can be the case in these movies the demon stands on the sidelines while the story develops as Summer attempts to remember how everything came to pass while befriending Jason who wishes to help her restore the lost time. The action is shot mostly in the dark making any violence hard to decipher. Brigitte Kingsley(and the rest of the female cast for that matter) is some mighty nice eye candy dressed scantily clad as a female Conan a gorgeous body we have to pleasure to gaze upon from the moment she appears until the closing of the movie. Some lesbianism(..some kissing and fondling)and nudity spice things up nicely and the cast seem to be having fun with the goofy plot..it's so preposterous that the silly tone is probably appropriate for the material.<br /><br />Might be of interest for co-starring World Wrestling Entertainment's "Captain Courageous" Christian(real name Jason Reso)as one of the group spoofing his alter ego as a chicken quivering at the sound of a snapping tree twig. Landy Cannon is likable as unlikely hero Jason a lovestruck naive young man whose ex-fiancÃƒÂ© Jasmine(Vanessa James)is now bi-sexual and in love with Marlene(..Jasmine's cruelty is in toying with Jason's feelings by hiding her affair with Marlene from his knowledge) while Ricky and Renea attempt to steer him away from this idea that he can rekindle a dead flame that gone out never to ignite again. The Kelippoth demon is mostly darkly lit I guess to refrain from showing how ludicrous/laughable it looks if presented in full. The lesbian antics of Jasmine and Marlene(Haley Shannon) is mostly tame their love making once alone in the woods up against a tree is toned down and also lighted using the blackness of night. My rating is a bit favorable towards it almost solely because of Kingsley for purely superficial reasons rather than the plot or film-making. The movie aims to please and is marketed to the boys(and girls who love hot women). I think though for the most part the humor falls a bit flat.
critique6413 I cannot BELIEVE anyone is giving this film a good rating. In addition to the terrible acting thin (nonexistent?) plot line and slooooooooow pace this would be the movie to watch if you were really TRYING to fall asleep. The writer's and director's brains must have been fried eggs to ever have concocted something as abominable as this. Based on the plot summary on the DVD case the premise really sounded promising. But within the first ten minutes I knew it was a lost cause. If you want to see a REALLY creep take on the Area 51 idea check out the remake of "The Hills Have Eyes". Dreamland will soon fade away as all pathetic films of its ilk do. NEXT!!!
critique6414 This movie has got to be about one of the worst i have ever seen. The humor was crude hardly funny and been heard a million times before. The start was noting special and it got worse and worse as it went on. I got about halfway through and couldn't stand to watch any more of it. Luckily I was only watching it on TV so it didn't cost anything but I seriously recommend you do not waste you time or your money.<br /><br />Nothing in the movie was new. The characters were not at all developed. I actually think it would have been better as a little kids movie in that it was full of stupid unrealistic "funny" events occurring ... thats like what happens in home alone or something. Not to imply home alone was in any way as terrible as this.
critique6415 I was only cautiously enthusiast when renting "All the boys love Mandy Lane" as I instantly remembered hearing & reading a wide variety of opinions Ã‚Â– both positive and negative Ã‚Â– in the short period of time between its brief cinematic release and the distribution towards videostore shelves. Supposedly this was the most ingenious and refreshing new horror film in years with non-stereotypical teen characters and unpredictable plot twists for a change. Okay the basic concept may perhaps sound reasonably innovative but inevitably the screenplay quickly reverts to the same old and irritating slasher clichÃƒÂ©s and once passed that point even the nifty stylistic trademarks can't save the film from dreadful mediocrity. The opening sequences are indeed terrific and literally bath in a moodily melancholic ambiance which actually makes it all the more painful to witness the film sink towards the "ordinary" level of rudimentary slasher flick. After the sublime intro showcasing a drunk macho kid miscalculate his jump off a rooftop in order to impress the titular beauty "All the Boys Love Mandy Lane" turns out to be just another textbook and uninspired horror movie about a bunch of idiotic kids getting stoned and horny on a secluded ranch before getting killed off by a not-so-unidentified maniac. The film's entire pretentious set-up collapses faster than a ramshackle house of cards: we never get a proper explanation why Mandy herself behaves so frigid and haughty towards all her admirers (because she grew up an orphan perhaps? Oh boo-hoo) the boys soon enough illustrate they'd settle for sex with any random bimbo and not exclusively with the "divine" Mandy and the final twist Ã‚Â– albeit undeniably offbeat Ã‚Â– is just plain senseless. The middle section of is rather boring and doesn't even offer any genuinely horrific excitement (shotgun killings? Please!) or authentic rancid sleaze. My generous rating 4 out of 10 entirely goes to the grainy and unsettling 70's filming style (with faded colors bizarre but beautiful photographic imagesÃ‚Â…) and the surprisingly marvelous soundtrack. Director Jonathan Levine opted for the classic Bobby Vinton song "Sealed with a Kiss" to play during the trailer and end-credits whereas I initially was convinced the film would inevitably feature Barry Manilow's cheesy love-song "Mandy".
critique6416 The Marquis De Sade Egypt ancient Gnostic cults Robert Englund in a dual role gratuitous sex and nudity murder and mayhem... on paper Tobe Hopper's Night Terrors sounds like it should be at least a fun entertaining flick given the ingredients. It's not. It is a plot less incoherent shambles that brings little entertainment. There is basically no plot beyond some vague stuff about a cult that follows the work of De Sade who for some unclear reason feel the need to seduce the daughter of a local Christian archaeologist and kill her. That is pretty much it- I think it has something to with the Gnostics but who knows what the writers were thinking. Most of the movie is a meandering mess as the heroine is exposed to various weirdness dream sequences and erotic encounters intercut with scenes of Englund as the imprisoned De Sade in the 19th century chewing the scenery. It seems like the makers were trying for something serious but whatever their pretensions were they are buried in the cheesiness bad acting sleaze and fake looking decapitated heads.<br /><br />There aren't too many good points. Robert Englund is fun to watch as always and the lead actress Zoe Trilling whilst not very talented is attractive and in various stages of undress through the movie but watching Night Terrors is a chore. At least I got to see the movie from which the "When you're as criminal as I" bit from the Australian film certification ratings guide that was on the front of so many VHS tapes from the nineties came from.
critique6417 Director Kinji Fukasaku is perhaps best known in his homeland at least for his Japanese gangster films a series with which this movie shares a number of characteristics. Violence and political intrigue are themes throughout both Shogun's Samurai and Battles Without Honor and Humanity and both feature a lead character who finds his loyalties challenged by betrayals. Both films also feature a large number of characters who seem to have little purpose but to die and since so little is done to develop them their deaths have little impact when they do come. This film has other flaws as well. The makeup costumes and sound design are distractingly poor and the battle scenes were substandard as well inferior to other samurai films of earlier years (Seven Samurai comes to mind). <br /><br />Sonny Chiba plays the Sonny Chiba character in Shogun's Samurai the no-nonsense master swordsman who strides through the film scowling menacingly. What a guy; he even gets to wear an eye patch. If you were expecting to see the legendary Toshiro Mifune you may be disappointed; his appearance amounts to little more than a cameo and just when it appears that his character might do something interesting he disappears for good. <br /><br />Overall the strengths of the film are its story which is infinitely more comprehensible than those gangster films and the challenges posed to traditional concepts of good and evil. Two brothers are challenging for the throne of their recently departed father who may have had some help on his way out. Early on it looks as if we will be faced with a couple of characters who couldn't be more clearly good and evil; after all the older brother stammers and has a birthmark the sure sign of a villain. Eventually however it becomes clear that in a winner-takes-all struggle for power there are no heroes and villains only winners and losers.
critique6418 Oh... my... god... this is without a doubt the absolute cheesiest movie I have ever seen. The acting is bad the story is weak the characters are weaker and the whole film just doesn't make sense. Couple this with mediocre directing really strange scenes (such as the one where the kid reaches over the ravine and mysteriously falls in) and thoroughly abysmal dialog ("Look!" "Musta peed his pants!") and you get one complete failure. Not to mention the fact that the only thing Mr. Atlas looks like he could defeat is a case of chocolate bars. But this is part of the movie's charm. Sit down and watch it with a few of your friends for a good laugh. <br /><br />I love this movie because it's just SO BAD!
critique6419 Cheap and mind-blisteringly dull story and acting. Not a single good line not even a line bad enough to be good and no memorable delivery. Even the blooper reel included with the DVD showed how inept the actors were and how little fun any of them were having. The esoteric and occult basis was apathetically inauthentic and the antagonists failed to be creepy or believable. The 'homoerotic' overtones were pointlessly tame and dissatisfying and were limited to young boys caressing their chests while flaccid in their boxers. I'm not gay enough to appreciate it but a little action might have at least kept me and my girlfriend awake.
critique6420 A good idea let down by heavy-handed production.<br /><br />Quite a bit of the dialogue was unintelligible because of the level of music/background sound and this didn't help this reviewer. Nor did the Welsh accents pretty impenetrable at times. Towards the end I lost the will to live trying to follow the dialogue.<br /><br />This movie didn't know whether to be a farce or a black comedy - and they require different approaches. Some of the incidents were laid on so thick that they only merited a groan some were so unbelievable even for this sort of plot that they made the story just not worth following.<br /><br />The acting was in the main good - although the American just came over as a clone of the "Back to the future" mad scientist. The little boy was very good.<br /><br />I did watch it all the way through but God knows why: I can't remember laughing once.
critique6421 This is a perfect example of the 90's mainstream horror crap.Nothing is scary here and the film is almost bloodless.Yesthere is some violencebut everything is politically correct like in a TV movie.This is not a completely bad pictureI can safely say that I found it quite enjoyable.However a lack of the originality really hurts "Voodoo".All in all if you are a part of the mainstream audience and pseudo-horror movies like "Scream" are your favourite then you'll love "Voodoo"but if you want something very gruesome avoid this film.
critique6422 'Illuminata' has expanded the limits of John Turturro's mediocrity from second rate actor to third rate director writer and producer. This film was dreadful. It is disjointed and flits from scene to scene with little flow or meaning relevant to the main story line.<br /><br />We are served with a smorgasbord of fragmented scenes each a non sequitur to all the others. The only thread that seems to run through them is that they occur in the lives of the members of the same theatre repertory company. The few scenes that do matter to the plot are so convoluted that you frequently can't tell if the dialogue is from the story or the actors running their lines for the play within the story. <br /><br />If this story were a person it would be a schizophrenic with mulitple personality disorder. It couldn't decide if it was a drama a romance a comedy a tragedy a sex farce or a parody of theatre. It came closest to being bearable as a sex farce.<br /><br /> Turturro was lifeless and impassive as Tuccio supposedly a complex and passionate writer whose play gets its big chance when the currently running show needs to be cancelled due to the illness of the lead actor. Susan Sarandon gave a good performance as the aging actress trying to seduce Tuccio for a role. Unfortunately she found it necessary to go topless which only goes to illustrate that the hardware of aging sex symbols is much better left to the imagination. Christoher Walkin gave a delightful performance as the uppity theatre critic who makes impassioned overtures to a member of the cast. Beverly D'Angelo and Ben Gazzara also had minor roles.<br /><br />I gave this film a 2. Other than Walken's vignette there is really not much to recommend it except that the puppets used in the opening and closing credits were phenomenally lifelike and beautiful. Avoid this movie like the plague that it is.<br /><br />
critique6423 I recently was in a stage version of this play. And on the last day of the run I was excited to see that it was going to be playing on TV. I stuck a tape in as it was on late at night and I watched it the next day. I have to say I was very disappointed. The actors in the film made few of the discovers that are in the script. That is understandable as the resersal process is probably different but it was upsetting to see. A lot of the original script was changed for the movie as well to make it better for the screen but I am not sure if it helped the movie out at all. I gave this 4 stars only because I know the script and the writing is a lot better than what this movie portrays.
critique6424 Bay Area residents probably remember Paul from The Diamond Center an unctuous late night huckster who flogged easy credit and cheap rocks on late night television throughout the 1980s and early 90s. I mention him only because there is an actor in Death Machines who looks JUST LIKE HIM playing the owner of an Italian restaurant. He appears in the best scene in this positively dreadful and near unwatchable crime drama about a Dragon Lady (Mari Honjo who wisely hung up her acting spurs after completing this film) who controls the local syndicate. Our hero (let's call him Not Paul From the Diamond Center) plays the restaurateur with all the subtlety of The Simpsons' Luigi ("you lika da spaghetti?") and seems unimpressed when one of his patrons complains about the food. No there's no fly in the soup or hair in the sauce: there's a Red Buddha in the pasta the calling card of the murderous crime boss who sends a statuette to each of her prospective victims. Death Machines is bad by any measure and pretty boring which is an even worse crime.
critique6425 Pathetic... worse than a bad made-for-TV movie. I can't believe that Spacey and Freeman were in this flick. For some reason Morgan Freeman's character is constantly talking about and saying "pussy" when referring to NSync boy's girlfriend. Morgan Freeman calling women "pussy" is just awkward... What the hell were the people behind this film thinking? Too many plot holes to imagine combined with the horrid acting confusing camera angles a lame script and cheap background music made this movie absolutely unbearable.<br /><br />I rented this flop with low expectations.... but... well... it really sucked.
critique6426 Time spent watching this film was time wasted. I do not dislike science fiction. I do not reject any genre per se since good work can be done in any genre. This film however is not good work. I cannot fault the visuals (when not involving alien makeups) and the special effects are impressive. The story was not out-and-out BAD for a trekkish comic book. But the fx visuals were obviously where all the makers' interest/attention/money went. The direction alternated between sluggish and confusing (one was not at all sure exactly who was doing what and with what and to whom at at least one crucial juncture). The "acting" was mostly very bad indeed. There was no basis to most of the line readings besides a hint of "It was that way on the page and the director told me I was supposed to be mad/sad/scared/whatever. Okay so it was a SF series pilot. Since when is that an excuse for correctable shoddiness in areas when should be regarded as essential to a dramatic medium. I'm astonished the pilot sold the series. Or is the money also in the hands of technerds?
critique6427 The acting is awkward and creepy and not in a good way...at all. The writing the dialogue and the chemistry between the actors is horrible. Nothing makes sense and every close-up of an actor's expression or reaction lasts 3 or 4 seconds too long making it seem like a Mexican Soap Opera (telenovela). Everything about the writing is unrealistic and all of the actors involved make it that much worse with their campy interpretations of the script. Am I the only one who sees this??? To use the word cheesy to describe this Canadian disaster would be the understatement of the century. Did the director even watch the final cut before it was put on the air???
critique6428 I mean you just have to love the Italian film industry. Someone came up with a post-doomsday action movie ("Road Warrior") and the Italians were busy for years doing one rip-off after another. Then some other one came up with a successful barbarian movie ("Conan") and the Italians were busy... eh see above.<br /><br />Besides countless other variations of the theme (one of my favorites is Umberto Lenzi's "The Barbarians" starring the Paul twins) the Ator series was created. And this the second one is probably the worst (or best depending on your point of view).<br /><br />Ator is called back into action by his old teacher who has discovered some kind of nuclear power that of course has to be protected so it won't get into wrong hands. The old man sends his daughter to Ator and after a few complications Ator his sidekick Tong and the girl set back to the castle which meanwhile has fallen to some evildoer (of course an old "class mate" of Ator). Somewhere along the way the heroic trio forgets about the plot and eradicates some giant snake-worshipping cult for the fun of it (not before some virgins are sacrificed). Just in time before the madman finally loses his temper and kills the wise teacher our heroes remember their duties invent hanggliding and grenades and save the day.<br /><br />Included: terrible acting by all participants (especially O'Keeffe) incredibly hilarious "special effects" (you just have to adore the snake fight scene which must be sort of a hommage to "Bride of the Monster") badly staged fight scenes numerous continuity errors (Ator flies two different hanggliders during the climatic battle watch for it just an example) and an overall non-understanding of the concept of history (cavemen "civilized" barbarians castle-builders all thrown in one film).<br /><br />If you're like me devoted to bad movies this is the one of the series to see you'll probably end up ROTFL. For the records: the Malta-filmed third part is actually quite watchable.<br /><br />Considering Joe D'Amato's other efforts this is probably his most entertaining movie as he certainly has failed to deliver watchable horror or erotic movies. But I strongly have the opinion that this was completely by accident.<br /><br />
critique6429 What the hell is this? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in Loony Tunes Land"? The world's thinnest most duck-faced actress (even more duck-faced and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) overacts her bony butt off making cretinous grimaces that would shame Bugs Bunny in one of the most animated non-animated TV series ever. This is also the most annoying one-hour-format TV show ever hence the worst.<br /><br />All the men act like pansies and I for one refuse to believe that even hip big-city shysters are all as delta-male-like as this sorry (short) bunch. Wuss Peter MacNicol manages to be even more irritating than Calista Flockofducks with his fake Hollywood "shshshs" speech impediment: it's the sort of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter "S" by turning it into a moronic "SH" that the likes of Jon Shtewart and Christian Shlater also practice with zeal. Watching MacNicol talk I always wonder how come his jaw doesn't dislocate... Human facial anatomy was never meant to support the pronouncing of the "SH" sound more than three times per second. He is a medical wonder.<br /><br />This badly conceived and written legal-drama/comedy hodgepodge also features some very 90s PC. It has POLITICAL CORRECTNESS written with huge neon letters. Is there anything more unrealistic than a bunch of LAWYERS being full of ideals high principles and moral fiber? Laughable but that's the way defense lawyers have been portrayed in Hollywood since its inception. After all what is more noble than defending a murderer a rapist or a thief? When a TV series as retarded as "Ally McBeak" starts preaching to America about how it should run the country then it must be time for Paris Hilton to become President. "Ally McQuack" is both a product of recent and large-scale Western dumbing-down and a perpetrator of it.<br /><br />Those supposed touches of "eccentricity" like the UNBELIEVABLY annoying musical numbers are unconvincing and embarrassingly unfunny. This is no Monty Python. Whatever "new" the talent-free makers of this garbage were aiming for they failed with honours. "Ally McBeak" is a highly commercialized TV venture aimed at indiscriminating yuppies bored housewives and bipolar lawyers. It's yet another dull "objection overruled sustained your Honour may I call the witness" legalistic baloney that the American audiences seem to eat up with relish for some strange reason...
critique6430 I was sitting at home and flipping channels when I ran across what potentially sounded like an interesting film. I like Destruction type movies and decided to watch it. I don't know why but I ended up watching it the whole 2 hours. We have seen this type of movie I don't know how many times.<br /><br />Back in 1998 - 2000 there were dozen of films that dealt with global destruction of some sort. The best one on my list so far is Deep Impact which was more believable than this one. Here are my problems with this film: 1) cheap special effects like something out of the old computer. 2) no background information or explanation on weather patterns. If you are going to make a movie about weather at least have some decency to entertain the viewer with technical details. 3) How come only 2 or 3 people figure out that the storm is converging on Chicago... no more experts left in the field? 4) where are some interesting characters? I truly don't care for anyone except maybe the pregnant woman. I felt that there was no character development. 5) no thought provoking moment what so ever and factually incorrect theme. And this is only the first part of the film. I bet the conclusion will show us few destruction scenes and a search and rescue operation just like it has been done many times before. And judging by the special effects in the first part of the movie I can only imagine what we are to expect. Of course at the end the main characters will survive and life will go on... how original
critique6431 No idea how this is rated as high as it is (5.8 at the time of writing) but this movie was absolutely horrible. The acting wasn't entirely bad but it really had no point whatsoever and the overall quality was poor. Its obviously a B movie (or a C if such a thing exists) and it looks like it was made over a weekend at a friends house or something. Im all for low budget movies and I generally watch any I come across but this one is really really bad. I mean like "The Fanglys" bad. I don't know what else to say but trust in this as I have indeed sat thru this horrible horrible movie and I can save you the effort... Don't bother. Seriously... Just don't.
critique6432 let me say first off I didn't go in expecting much and watching it at prime-time on opening night should have helped. I believe it would have had there been more than 20 people in the theater. <br /><br />It sucked so hard. the acting was robotic at best and nothing was really explained until the last 30 minutes of the movie. I guess that was their way of twisting the plot; keep everyone in the dark on crucial info to understand the movies direction until the end and THEN explain things and hope it feels like a twist of plot.<br /><br />Unknowns until the end of the movie: -What the Eff is a dark-ling? the CG was cool but I want to understand! -why cant powers be willed? especially if mass murder is the ultimatum. -why is willing away powers so bad? your just normal after right? -who farted?<br /><br />roughly 50% of the minutes with just men on screen were shots of them in wife beaters sleeveless t's and then a gut wrenching pool scene of all teenage men in the skimpiest low riding speedos knowing to ever have been manufactured. I swear you could see the start of the one guys.... well it was close to soft-core. And of course there was a shower scene and to mix it up it was of the DUDES. Butt cracks were abundant a sausage fest in progress. But there was a single girl shower scene in which nothing was seen and she ambles around the best looking dorm bathroom for around 12 minutes. Then there was a girl talk PJ party. the other thing I couldn't get over was the amount of driving that Caleb did in his SUPER COOL ford mustang GT. it was a ford commercial for around 1/4th of the movie.<br /><br />Don't see it. or go see it with a friend who likes to make fun of bad movies. then it could be worth it. but don't expect anything breathtaking.
critique6433 The girls might be prettier if you're their accompanist or a $#!+-faced onlooker. What I'm sayin' is that it'll take special circumstances for a non-whince reaction to this effort. The delivery of many lines appears to be distractingly unnatural for some actors. Lighting seems to be a problem too although failing eyesight may have accounted for my frequent squinting. And if you view this film be open-minded enough to accept elements that no zoo or circus would reject: They are the above and below-ground creatures who feasted on dozens of campers near an empty Louisiana mansion. That's the discovery of a trio who is dispatched from their printed media to investigate the deaths. Then two of THEM disappear and the survivor is part of another threesome who take up the hunt. Eureka! I just realized what one of those aforementioned "special circumstances" would be - unconsciousness.
critique6434 The plot is very basic but acceptable: A young US soldier having studied Asian martial arts puts this to good use in defence of the general's daughter and falls in love with her. Unfortunately the three main acting parties' (soldier girl rebels) combined IQ amounts to 3: One point for the soldier one for the girl a large number of Ninja fighters have to share the third point among them to be able to lose against the former two.
critique6435 If you haven't seen this yet I say just move on take a walk in the park don't waste your time. Neither the scenario nor the acting is worth your money. *Spoilers*- I can't decide which was worse: The movie itself or Baldwin's hairstyle? Ellen Pompeo's acting talent is very questionable I hope she can improve it over time. The storyline is just unbelievable. Loose cannon American cop fighting criminals in Europe on his own?? Infamous Slavic mafiosi protected by only two hunks??? An emotional art teacher leading a ruthless gang??? Spanish police executive dumber than a sack of hammers??? Give me a break. There's only one good thing about this movie though: At least the production costs must be lower than "Ocean's 12"'s which was as meaningless and over the top as this one.
critique6436 I'll keep this short as a movie like this doesn't deserve a full review.<br /><br />Given the setting this movie could have been something really special. It could have been another "28 days later" or even a "Blair Witch Project"<br /><br />The first 20 or so minutes of the movie I was really excited directer did a decent job with cinematography and suspense although I don't think He managed to capture true eeriness of an empty London Underground.<br /><br />Characters were a big let down. Our "heroine" in this movie is a worthless piece of crap and you really don't care if she dies or not. As many people have said before I was rooting for the homeless people and the black guy who managed to give me a chuckle or two(whether intentional of the writers or not).<br /><br />The main villain is kept in the dark for the first half of the movie but when he is revealed I was really disappointed. I won't spoil it but lets just say my 10 year old sister could probably beat him in a wrestling match.<br /><br />All in all this is just another mediocre horror film which falls into the trap of following a simple Hollywood formula. This film had a lot of potential but really failed to hit the mark.<br /><br />Just to highlight how lame this movie was the characters in this movie had at least FIVE TIMES to finish off and kill the main villain. INSTEAD THEY RUN AWAY.
critique6437 After watching this movie I couldn't help but notice the parallels between it and another film called America 3000. Both were very bad mid 1980's post apocalypse disasters on celluloid. Obviously fake sets wooden acting and stupid monsters are found in both films. About the only difference between the two is that the lead villainess here (played by Angelika Jager) has a very thick accent. Avoid this one unless you're watching the MST3K version. Joel and the bots barely salvage this turkey.
critique6438 This film has a premise that is good enough to get anyone talking and a sure-fire conversation starter. 'Would you sleep with someone you dislike or don't know for one million dollars?' While the film had lots of potential poor execution turns it into a b-grade soap-opera. The film has a great lead up and after the proposal is made we are really into the film but then it falls dramatically. The last 3 quarters of the film is spent by characters whinging complaining and regretting what they have done! The ending was so cliched it had me in tears! This has a very similar premise to 'honeymoon in vegas' which is far better. See that instead.
critique6439 Fairly appalling enterprise suggests Welsh to be an infantile artist helplessly drawn to the violent milieu he knows best but unable to resist vacuous elaborations rooted in banal fantasy. The first story is a ham-fisted meaningless trudge with a B-movie sci-fi premise. The second achieves some poignancy but only via the outrage-inducing surplus of humiliation visited on its central character. The third and most risible seems to aspire to being a dislocated sequel to Child's Play. The direction is consistently clueless - all whirling sound and fury a slave to the extreme unpleasantness of the environment; suffocating in an ill-chosen music score and in indifferently flashy acting. This is sheer stupidity masquerading as a guerilla sensibility - as arbitrary and hollow as the abstract images that link the three sections.
critique6440 The Bone Snatcher starts out extremely promising with the introduction of a new and original type of unseen evil as well as with the use of the sublimely isolated filming location of the African desert. Whilst checking pipelines out in the desert three miners are attacked and killed by a seemingly unworldly creature that devours their flesh and only leaves a pile of half-eaten bones. The expedition crew sent to rescue them discovers that the monster is a superiorly mutated ant-queen and pretty soon they find themselves trapped in the uncanny desert as well. Director Jason Wulfsohn sustains a respectable level of tension just until the nature of the monster is identified. Immediately after that the film rapidly turns into an ordinary creature-feature with all the characters dropping out of the survival-race one by one. The second half of "The Bone Snatcher" is unendurably boring; with the inevitable love-story clichÃƒÂ©s as well as a complete absence of gory murder set pieces. The characters all are insufferable stereotypes that act and say exactly what you predict several minutes in advance. There's the rookie who has to prove himself the female with brain-capacity apart from her hot looks the obnoxious experienced guy who redeems himself at the end through self-sacrifice and Ã‚Â– last but not least Ã‚Â– who could forget the wise black guy who refers to the monster using all kind of voodoo names. Wulfsohn tries too hard to make his monster look like the outer space menaces of "Alien" and "Predator". The ant-creature has infrared-vision and crumbles when shot at yawn! The movie actually just benefits from its unique setting and the handful of nasty images of decomposed bodies. This could have been a modest gem but instead it's less than mediocre. Avoid.
critique6441 The concept was ok but hardly original. The acting was plastic. But the real spoiler was that there was only one joke and a grubby one at that. This is a film for fourteen year olds who have been let out on their own for the first time. Don't dare to watch it with your kids.
critique6442 This is the crappiest film I have ever seen but in all fairness it's watchable and rather funny. I don't think the film-makers intended it to be your typical Hollywood blockbuster quality. It's just a stupid film about a serial killer who gets doused in a load of toxic waste causing a reaction with him and the snow (as it's the middle of winter). He then turns into a killer snowman which is enough to to make you laugh on it's own. This film is really stupid but it's funny. The killings are hilarious.I wouldn't advise you to go and buy it (like I did -the cover looked good!)but if it happens to be on TV one night and you're up for a laugh then stick it on.
critique6443 Sitting in a big wing chair with a huge book in his lap the one and only Bela Lugosi looks into the camera and in a dreadful vocal delivery that sounds as if he were mocking a reading of Shakespeare intones sloooow-ly: "Man's constant groping of things unknown drawing from the endless reaches of time brings to light many startling things; (snicker); startling? because they seem new (Lugosi's eyes now bulging with raised eyebrows and mouth sneering he continues) but most are not new the signs of the ages" (cue a visual of lightening accompanied by the sound of thunder which then continues to rumble for an astonishing 86 seconds).<br /><br />And so begins what is arguably the worst film ever made. This "movie" almost defies description. Told in semi-docudrama style with an unseen narrator explaining the plot ... such as it is ... the story revolves around the vicissitudes of a man named Glen (Ed Wood Jr.) who cross-dresses; hence the reference to Glenda. The film has no real structure. Instead it consists mostly of a random assortment of vignettes that may ... or may not ... relate to Glen or to the cross-dressing motif. One long sequence consists of some unknown woman wriggling on a sofa followed by a man whipping a woman in what we would today refer to as S&M.<br /><br />Then at odd moments Bela reappears for no apparent reason and babbles more inane dialogue like: "When he's wrong because he does right and when he's right because he does wrong; pull the string dance to that." Huh?<br /><br />About twenty percent of the film's visuals consist of stock footage accompanied by a VO that relates to the story motif but not the visuals. Hence we see stock footage of: bustling city streets freeway traffic a thunderous herd of buffalo and a playground full of kids. But it gets worse. In a film about cross-dressing we have 58 consecutive seconds of stock footage of a foundry furnace making hot steel and 84 consecutive seconds of battle scenes from WWII.<br /><br />Even the simplest items are botched. In one scene we see a newspaper headline that reads "Man Nabbed Dressed as Girl". Underneath the headline which has clearly been glued or pasted on the article is about ... taxes. In one of my favorite scenes an off-screen woman spouts out: "airplanes why it's against the creator's will" in a voice that sounds like she's just inhaled helium.<br /><br />Except for the performance of Lyle Talbot the acting is uniformly horrendous. Production design is cheap looking and drab; (but you gotta love that tacky wallpaper). The editing is sloppy. Most of the background music is suitable only for 1950 style elevators. The B&W cinematography has way too much contrast. And the costumes look like something that came from a thrift store.<br /><br />This film is so bad it makes "Plan 9 From Outer Space" look like "Citizen Kane" by comparison. I just don't know how one could make a film any worse than Ed Wood's "Glen Or Glenda". But thankfully it's got Bela Lugosi in it. Every time he opened his mouth and gazed into the camera with those big bulging eyes I about fell on the floor laughing.
critique6444 First Snow has an intriguing beginning. A traveling salesman has his fortune told by an old man who's predictions turn out to be amazingly correct. From this point on the movie plays out like a bloated "Twilight Zone" episode. I mean nothing but car trips phone calls and paranoia. William Fichtner gives his usual interesting performance but Guy Pierce is anything but a sympathetic character disregarding other people's well being for the sake of his own paranoia. The ending is especially weak with absolutely no payoff for the long suffering audience. Do yourself a big favor and avoid this one. Not recommended. - MERK
critique6445 After seeing this piece of crap you will know why the limeys drive on the left side of the street...this movie is an absolute NO-BRAINER! The jokes (if this is the right word for it...) are mostly sub-standard (about 98%) and do miss any punch-line at all. Save the money and get drunk. You might enjoy this movie being totally wasted perhaps!
critique6446 I was fortunate enough to meet George Pal (and still have my DS:TMOB poster autographed by him) at a convention shortly after the release and asked him why he chose to do the film "camp". Before he could answer two studio flacks intercepted and lectured me on how the studio "knew best" and how "no one will take such a film seriously". I had been reading the Bantam reprints for a couple of years thanks to a friend (ComiCon attendees of the 1970s will recall Blackhawk and his band? I was in a couple of years of that with him) and had higher hopes than what we got.<br /><br />The flacks insisted that no high adventure would ever be done seriously and so doing 'camp' was the only way. Several other fans jumped in on my side with Pal listening as best he could. At the end of the little event Pal came up to us and apologized wishing he could have done more and better.<br /><br />STAR WARS put the lie to the flacks and a year after Pal's death Spielberg and Lucas proved that Doc Savage could have easily been the next major movie franchise...if it hadn't been for the flacks.<br /><br />Tear out the memory or history of Doc and the film would have been worth a 6/10 rating as nothing more than a mindless popcorn seller.<br /><br />But destroying the legacy like that was no less an abomination than killing a baby in the crib.<br /><br />Doc Savage can still come to the screen and survive the inevitable comparisons by the ill-informed to Indiana Jones but it would have to be done in all seriousness and earnest to reclaim the glory that we should expect from the First American Superhero.<br /><br />SIDENOTES: Yes there was a second script for ARCHENEMY OF EVIL and it's a lot more serious. Yes there was simultaneous footage shot but mostly establishing shots and very little with actors. And yes there _is_ a one-sheet of Ron Ely leaping over a brick wall and blasting at something over his shoulder with a specially built bronze pistol. Ely's wearing a duster over a button down white shirt with a bronze tie and the words "DOC SAVAGE: ARCHENEMY OF EVIL...Coming Next Summer!" POSTSCRIPT: If anyone knows who the studio flacks were that accompanied George Pal in 1975 to San Diego for the convention smack the idiots up the side of the head and call them the idiots that they are. At the time they were doing dorkknobs and Fu Manchu in stripes and baggy canvas pants and carrying Paramount portfolios.
critique6447 This is an art film that was either made in 1969 or 1972 (the National Film Preservation Foundation says 1969 and IMDb says 1972). Regardless of the exact date the film definitely appears to be very indicative of this general time period--with some camera-work and pop art stylings that are pure late 60s-early 70s.<br /><br />The film consists of three simple images that are distorted using different weird camera tricks. These distorted images are accompanied by music and there is absolutely no dialog or plot of any sort. This was obviously intended as almost like a form of performance art and like most performance art it's interesting at first but quickly becomes tiresome. The film to put it even more bluntly is a total bore and would appeal to no one but perhaps those who made the film their family and friends and perhaps a few people just too hip and "with it" to be understood by us mortals.
critique6448 Okay so the introduction with its hokey offer of a free coffin to anyone who dies of fright during the film is so lame it's funny. And so the first "skull scene" is so drawn out and un-suspenseful it's funny. The actual plot of the movie is somewhat decent there's at least a little bit of genuine food for thought in the behavior of the characters and the plot twist is decent as horror flicks go. The acting is average not truly bad. <br /><br />Altogether this movie doesn't quite fall flat in the way a 1/10 movie would. It's not terrible enough to get the lowest rating or even second lowest. If I just read the screenplay I'd say there was potential for this to be a decent movie. It's just that the horrid direction and production that ruin the movie. So it's a bad movie but there are much worse ones out there.
critique6449 I made it about halfway through this movie and at that point realized that I absolutely didn't care how it ended. It is basically a bland teen comedy that I only watched because I like Helen Mirren who is in fact very good as an impossibly cruel teacher.<br /><br />The basic idea of the movie (or let's say the first half of the movie since I don't know - or care - how the second half goes) has been done before most notably in 9 to 5 and a comparison between the two shows how thoroughly Tingle gets it wrong. You need to feel things are spiraling out of control in a way that makes you feel events are inevitable and you need well-defined interesting characters who you care about and you don't have that. Not the worst movie I've ever seen but it never grabbed me for a second.
critique6450 What a load of Leftist Hollywood bilge. This movie glorifies mutiny as brave and noble if it be for pacifist principles. The fairytale ends with the pacifist character played by Danzel Washington actually getting promoted for his treason. What is it with these Hollywood tools? Is this still payback for McCarthyism?<br /><br />If I sound cynical it's because I am fed up with movies hawking a political agenda. The military brass in this movie are portrayed as what else? Gung-ho war mongers. Sound familiar? Ever see a movie where the CIA or any government agency is not evil? Think about it. Yet again Crimson Tide stresses the point. The Hackman character U-boat captain Ramsey comes across like a raving lunatic until the very end when of course he comes to his senses does a complete 360 renounces his blood lust suggests a promotion for the treasonous Ron Hunter and repents by retiring from the service. A guy mutinies takes command of your boat puts the U.S at grave risk of receiving a nuclear first-strike and you promote him???? What hogwash!
critique6451 The film is almost laughable with Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters teaming up as the mothers of convicted murderers. With the horrible notoriety after the trial the two women team up and leave N.Y. for California in order to open and song and dance studio for Shirley Temple-like girls.<br /><br />From the beginning it becomes apparent that Reynolds has made a mistake in taking Winters with her to California. Winters plays a deeply religious woman who increasingly seems to be going off her rocker. <br /><br />To make matters worse the women who live together are receiving menacing phone calls. Reynolds who puts on a blond wig is soon romanced by the wealthy father of one of her students nicely played by Dennis Weaver.<br /><br />Agnes Moorehead in one of her last films briefly is seen as Sister Alma who Winters is a faithful listener of.<br /><br />The film really belongs to Shelley Winters. She is heavy here and heaviness seemed to make her acting even better. Winters always did well in roles testing her nerves.<br /><br />The ending is of the macabre and who can forget Winters at the piano banging away with that totally insane look?
critique6452 It's like a bad 80s TV show got loose and tried to become a soft-core porn movie. Oh my god was it bad. The plots of each character had little relevance. The plot itself wasn't anything to speak of. Something about a stalker I guess. In the end he shoots himself? It's not really clear but somehow there's a volleyball game involved. And the main character (Randy) sleeps around a lot. The only reason my friends rented this movie was because Casper Van Dien was in it and they ended up wanting to fast forward to the scenes with him in it which were barely watchable at that. Thank god I didn't spend any money on it but I want that hour of my life back.
critique6453 A young man kills a young woman for no reason. The man's brother is jailed on charges that he was an accomplice but soon escapes. Upon escaping the seemingly innocent man kidnaps three victims and soon he ropes his girlfriend in on the plot. If this isn't bad enough the situation quickly makes a downward spiral.<br /><br />This film had some good aspects and many bad ones. Its strongest aspect was lead actress Emily Haack. Setting aside the fact she's nude in a fair amount of this film she presents herself as a decent actress and a very strong character. I see no reason she cannot take this experience and somehow turn it into a career in some way. I was convinced she was a ruthless individual.<br /><br />Also the makers of this film were very bold and pulled no punches. Graphic nudity (both male and female) coprophagia and extreme anal violence are not shied away from. I like my horror films to push the boundaries a little bit and this one ignored them altogether gladly skipping towards Gomorrah. Maybe it was too much but I think they achieved what they were looking for.<br /><br />But now the negative aspects. First and most noticeable this film is very low budget and the film quality shows this. I can excuse that -- the plot was decent the acting fine and in some scenes the lower quality film actually made the movie more disturbing (a more realistic feel). So I won't scold them for having low-grade equipment. What I will scold them for is the use of poor choices in shots. For no reason I can ascertain (besides plumping the movie) there is a large amount of footage of a cemetery. I don't really know why and I frankly started dozing off at this point because it was so long and pointless.<br /><br />I also take issue with the title. The idea here was to deceive people into thinking this film had some connection to the classic "I Spit on Your Grave". Now there is a line that seems to imply the main character is the daughter of the woman from this other film. And the themes are very loosely the same (a woman getting revenge on men). But there is no firm connection and the reason this title was chosen was for the video store customer to think they were getting a sequel. This was deceptive and dishonest.<br /><br />My last major complaint is that this plot makes no real sense. Not even a little bit. A woman is killed in the beginning for no reason. A prison escapee finds time to kidnap people to torture them for no reason (because they wronged his girlfriend?). The same man goes from good to very evil without explanation. Likewise the female lead (Haack) turns fro ma normal person to someone who is overly cruel and sadistic for no reason at all and against people who for the most part were only marginally mean to her (a neighbor offering drugs for sex is wrong but by no means worth getting tortured for).<br /><br />Don't let this title fool you or the claims that the film is incredibly shocking. Yes some scenes were shocking but the vast majority of the film is dull and makes you want to take a nap. If you see this in the video store or on Netflix just keep browsing. Or rent it and we can sit around and vent about it for hours. You have been warned.
critique6454 This movie is a pathetic attempt apparently to justify the actions of Mary Ann Letourneau. In order to do this they cast a 19-year-old -well probably not "in order to do this." There was no way they could have cast a 12 or 13 year old as the boy because the love scenes would have grossed everyone out (if they had even been allowed to do them) - as they should. Mary Ann's boyfriend was my nephew's age making her a pedophile. Sixth grade people. The definition of pedophile doesn't have to include many children - all you need is one.<br /><br />I really don't care about her upbringing or her unhappy marriage. She had a responsibility to her students that she did not live up to. The reason given is that she is bipolar rejected the diagnosis and refused to take her medication. It's understandable then that she was not thinking rationally. One hopes that she now understands her actions.<br /><br />Now that she and Vili are married and have two children together I pray that she is on her medication and thinking clearly.<br /><br />All that aside Penelope Ann Miller was totally convincing and perfect casting for the role.
critique6455 I watched Cheats a few years ago with my friend. He hyped it up as a great funny film that is one of the best comedies ever. I think he was on crack or something. I just recently learned that this film was not released into theatres I can understand why perfectly.<br /><br />THe basic plot involves a group of guys who cheat on pretty much all of their assignments in school to get good grades. That is the main problem of this film is that the morals are all bad. There are other teen comedy films where students do bad things but it is most often stuff that does not take place at school. So I think that the concept of having a whole movie that basically has kids cheating on everything is pretty bad.<br /><br />I did not like the characters in this film either. The main character guy is a completely smug arrogant idiot who is not a good protagonist. Actually I am not sure if you could say that there is a protagonist due to the fact that they all are cheating at school which is wrong. THe other supporting characters were not funny at all and basically the cast blows in this film.<br /><br />This film has a bad message and even worse acting and characters. There are other teen films that are way better than this film. So you do not have to see this one and that is a good thing because I do not recommend this film at all.
critique6456 The main character of this sex-filled drivel Mel (Ethan Hunt) notes on several occasions "She deserves better than this!" The "she" he refers to is Ginger played by beautiful Brandy Davis who indeed DOES deserve better than this. Brandy deserves better than this film its lame script and perverted Mel. A guy who gets off at watching his dream girl have sex with another man even in virtual world seriously does not deserve her AT ALL. An A- for the simulated sex scenes an F for the script.
critique6457 I enjoyed the previous Ittenbach movie that I'd seen "Burning Moon". But while that movie was rather grim and nasty "Premutos" seems to mostly play it for laughs. While its admirable how Ittenbach made this movie with no money in his spare time (and the DVD documentary is worthwhile to see this) I found myself constantly battling not to fast-forward to the next gore scene. Sure there's gore and if that's all you want then go ahead and enjoy. But be warned: there's an inordinate amount of lame comedy and tedious story exposition. Many are comparing this to Peter Jackson's movies especially "Braindead". But looking at what Jackson did on a similar budget in "Bad Taste" it's clear Ittenbach is lacking one thing that Jackson has - talent. 3/10 (for pretty good and plentiful gore effects and for getting the most out of limited resources - but not worth the money I paid for it)
critique6458 4 Oscar winners Karl Malden Sally Field Shirley Jones Michael Caine. Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle. 1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium melodrama and horrible acting a mess of a script and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?<br /><br />Irwin Allen was just trying to cash in on the popularity of the original classic disaster film with a grade D minus script the actors were obviously just in it for the paycheck as well... the horror the horror!<br /><br />How insane are the characters that Caine Savalas Malden and Field are playing? Go into a potentially deadly sinking ship that's 1. on fire 2. Hot from steam 3. Slippery from water and oil 4. boilers that are exploding every 5 minutes etc. all for the love of money? Greed? 5. They have very little equipment not even a pair of gloves or work boots in sight much less a grappling hook rope etc.<br /><br />Stupidity!<br /><br />What were they thinking?<br /><br />Peter Boyle overacts so much that I just wanted to smack him! Stop it! And what's the deal with the bad toupee? Also there is no way you can believe his character was a WW2 veteran.<br /><br />Caine Field and Malden find all that gold and money and they are happy--whoopee! We're rich! (We may not live to spend it but hey...)<br /><br />And yee haw it's the great character actor Slim Pickens!<br /><br />Survivors galore! Jack Warden and Shirley Knight too!<br /><br />The final dramatic sub plot about that scary plutonium never really went anywhere it's like they forgot sort of? Lots of holes in the script.<br /><br />This film has an illness that the strongest pill couldn't cure. I'm surprised Alan J. Smithee's name wasn't on the script I'd be embarrassed to have penned this one!<br /><br />Oh the insanity Oh The humanity! Oy Vey!<br /><br />The Horror The Horror!<br /><br />It's like a bad two hour TV movie.<br /><br />At least the sets were made from recycled material from the first movie.<br /><br />The script needed to be on the compost heap...
critique6459 The poster who called this "Plotless and pointless" literally took the words I would have used in my subject line. The only thing I'd add is "passionless." For a film made by a real life married couple and featuring lots of graphic sex scenes this movie manages to make what should be a sultry situation into one beyond ice cold. Dafoe and Colagrande look bored during the sex scenes and the viewer might as well take a Valium and have done with it. Also please the women in the audience have seen WAY too many used tampons in their time and any guy who is turned on by seeing Willem Dafoe pull a bloody tampon out of his wife's vagina really needs to get therapy.<br /><br />I think the key to the film (if there is one) is the restaurant scene where a waiter explains to the perpetually sleepy-eyed Dafoe what a "deconstructed jambalaya" is. (All the ingredients of the dish still separate rather than simmered together.) This movie is a "deconstructed thriller". All the elements are there: spooky isolated house dead spousecreepy violins on the score weirdo caretaker who comes and goes as he pleases auto accident deaths and near deaths characters with a secret past. Basically every thriller clichÃƒÂ© you can think of but NOTHING comes together. Everything just sits there and never meshes into a coherent plot or even an artsy mood piece. At the restaurant Dafoe passes on the "deconstructed jambalaya". Prospective renters of this mess would do well to leave this deconstructed thriller on the video store shelf.
critique6460 When I first saw this show i thought to my self " What is this!!!!!?" Its one of those shows where there is a perfect fake high school world with stupid problems that are considered "huge". Then there's Sadie. This complete misfit for her friends and well her family. Shes completely obsessed with nature not that thats a bad thing but she compares high school students to animals! like what is that!? also they made her another Lizzie Miguire clone ( yeah because the world definitely needs another one of those!) shes also very perfect like most TV girls are which makes me sick! So please this is a stupid show it makes no sense just skip it unless you liked Lizzie McGuire or any other shows like that.
critique6461 I'm so confused. I've been a huge Seagal fan for 25 years. I've seen all of his films and many of those dozens of times. I can only describe this film as "bizarre." Steven Seagal shares screenplay writing and producing credits on this film but I have a really tough time believing he would choose to dub over his own voice for so many of his lines with a thin whiny imposter's voice no less. What I also don't get is if they had to dub SOME of his lines why does his own voice appear on the rest of them? I expect Seagal to age like the rest of us. But the Seagal in this movie barely exudes a fraction of the same swagger confidence bravado charm and sex-appeal he so easily showed us in ALL of his previous movies. What I found myself missing most of all was his cocky self-assured attitude and his bad-ass sneer that so easily shifts into that adorable grin. Where is that in-your-face attitude and charm that made him such a huge star??? I hope that this film is not an indication of what Seagal has left to offer us - if so his lifelong fans will have to concede that the Seagal we all knew and loved is gone.
critique6462 Stars: Hayden Pantierre.<br /><br />There have been so many movies that have this exact same plot and this one is just a poor rehashing of it. Populer white girl moves to ethnic school doesn't fit in soon becomes accepted. Originality is nonexistent in this and neither are the laughs. It uses so many old poorly executed jokes it's annoying. I don't know why they think it's a good idea to make made for video sequels to mediocre films but it isn't. With that said the positives in this are that all the people in it are fairly competent actors and actresses.<br /><br />My rating: * out of ****. PG-13 for Language and Sexual Humor.
critique6463 I unknowingly had this movie on my shelf for a while in a Mill Creek Collection and one night I just decided to watch it; though not expecting much. As the beginning credits roll around I'm surprised to discover this film was made under the Filmirage company. Filmirage brought the world such amazing stinkers as "Troll 2" "Ator the Invincible" and "Quest for the Mighty Sword" so I was compelled to watch.<br /><br />As the movie started out it had potential to be pretty decent even though it was unoriginal. The gore scenes could have been improved if they were extended and more frequent. But after a while into the film the pace started dragging and I found myself thinking "Okay someone better get killed soon"or "Someone better mutate". At the onset of this drag when I was having these thoughts though someone may have gotten killed or have mutated however as noted the gore and effects weren't very good. What made matters worse was that the scene transitions were confusing; example: first Dr. Houseman would be at the Zoo then he'd have a flash back about possibly killing someone finally he'd wake up in a cold sweat in bed-- making the audience ask "Was he dreaming he was at the zoo?". Like the movie's pace these scene transitions got progressively worse.<br /><br />I could try to say the character development of Dr. Houseman was pretty good but towards the end of the film that is once you've seen what the Doctor has metamorphosed into hopefully you'll laugh-- which really is the only reason to see this movie at least once; this movie unintentionally runs like a long-winded joke.<br /><br />The costume of the um thing that Doctor Houseman becomes can also be seen in Joe D' Amato's "Quest for the Mighty Sword" which was made in the same year. You've gotta love Filmirage movies they're always re-using the same stuff!
critique6464 Oh my god WHY did I waste my precious time on this film? It is pathetic waaaay OTT and unrealistic and one of the worst films I have ever seen in my life. Yes MY LIFE. I am embarrassed for Yash Raj films the poor guys have to live with the horrible news that yes they produced this terrible film.<br /><br />This is by far the most trashy sexual eyebrow-raising movie I have ever seen by Yash Raj Films. I cringe for them I really do. Along with the terrible acting (or NO acting for that matter) by Uday Chopra combined with the lack of talent of the "Look At My Boobs" Tanisha Neal 'n' Nikki has not one good thing about it at all. Even the music is not upto the standard left by YRF. The director Arjun Sablok did an embarrassingly bad job here.<br /><br />Honestly I expected more. Much much more.
critique6465 Oh dear!What a disappointment. I've been watching old Westerns on British TV for decades and I wasn't aware of this one until its showing yesterday - most other Scott Westerns come around every few years or so and are usually worth watching again.<br /><br />The rich colour and outdoor sets were good but that's all I can say about this film. I have to agree with most of the other negative comments already made. Several times I felt like turning it off and finally I did halfway through something I hardly ever do.<br /><br />Scott seemed unusually oily in charming the girls his two sidekicks were annoying and so was the Mexican bandit lad. And I've a feeling the army uniforms were 20 years or so too modern not that this has bothered makers of many other Westerns.<br /><br />Perhaps it got better in the second half but I couldn't be bothered to wait and see.
critique6466 This could have been a good movie if more things were explained. Way too many plot holes to find this enjoyable. The ending in particular is off left field. SPOILER ALERT: How did the kidnapper get back to Dundee so fast and Dundee shows up at the house in a matter of two minutes? Way out of wack here. How did Anna get hold of the money? No explanation at all. If the Pete the cop knew Lancaster was in danger why didn't he have a cop at the door in the Hospital. This and many more questions remain. Too bad because the premise was there just bad writing and execution.<br /><br />Good cast is wasted here. DeCarlo goes from bad to good to bad? Lancaster's character lacks development and Dureya is just blah as the "bad guy".<br /><br />This could re-made with a cohesive story line and better writing. Of course it would be much more violent with lots of gratuitous sex and everything. The editing would be jerky as well I guess so let's leave well enough alone.
critique6467 That someone could have conceived this nonsense and then got it produced is incredible. That it actually aired on television and advertisers actually PAID TO BE ASSOCIATED WITH IT is mind boggling. This stomach-wrenching excuse for kid's programming is almost too vile to comment on. I've burned -- yes burned -- any Barney tapes that people have given my son. To find this awful programming in my library was an unpleasant surprise. And where tell me where do they get those smarmy kid actors? Have their parents no sense? Those kids will be on drugs before they're teenagers. Geez. The final insult is that I have to add this extra line to the review to get it on IMDb.
critique6468 Monika Mitchell's showbiz satire has some laughs and some premeditated violence. I wouldn't say blood-soaked; but there is insult and injury. Max Matteo(John Cassini)is a character actor that has a quirky adaptable presence on screen but he has a terrible track record of being chosen for the parts he goes after. There is always a producer's nephew or seemingly trivial reason for his not being awarded the role he seeks. Well the best thing to do is get rid of the competition...Max becomes obsessed with such thoughts. The rewarding career is just a swing push and shot away. Other cast members: Rene Rivera Molly Parker Jennifer Beals Frank Cassini and cameos by Eric Roberts and Sandra Oh. Well that's show business...or is it?
critique6469 Wow! After the first five minutes of watching this "film" I was quite tempted to put a bullet in my brain and end my life. It's really hard to describe what exactly this film is about. I honestly don't know what kind of human being would even finance a piece of excrement. The film looks to have either been shot on video or 16mm. I normally don't have a problem with SOV movies are shoddily made 16mm films but this was just so awful. And where did they find these "actresses"? I have seen some bad acting but this takes the cake. Watch the first 5 minutes and you'll see what I mean. BCI Entertainment should be boycotted for distributing this god awful sludge. This has to be the worst film I have ever had the displeasure of viewing. I want my 74 minutes back! If you are able to sit through the first 5 minutes without either shooting your TV or committing mass homicide then give a shot. After all what have you got to lose?
critique6470 I hated this crap every Friday as part of tgif it was on and consistently sucked big time with stupidity each and every week. If you want to see something funny go watch "No On Would Tell" Starring Candice Cameron and Fred Savage it really is hilarious shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible TV show. This show really makes me sick I hate those kids and bob saget needs to go jump off a bridge for ever making this crapfest. I've seen funner stuff everywhere else but here. I AHet writing 10 lines! Watch 'full house' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment.
critique6471 Jon Stewart (aka John Liebowitz) constantly rips conservatism and anything Republican. This liberal comic is anything but as he pours his cutting "humor" down the throats of impressionable youths. I've viewed the show while stuck in a waiting room while my car was repaired and this guy borders on treason. He'll take Al Queda's side over Bush any day. He's shameless and everything he says is punctuated by a phony laughtrack. I do remember four years ago when he "interviewed" John Kerry. The two made faces at each other that seemed to preclude a makeout session. It was like "Get a room you guys". I just don't like smirky little traitors who peddle their propaganda. Call me shallow. The Daily Show has had a long run and there are many likeminded liberals who have a seething hatred for Republicans and Conservatism. I'm not surprised at its success but do that many people actually watch Comedy Central? That Mancia guy makes me barf.
critique6472 I saw this movie at the AFI Dallas festival. Most of the audience including my wife enjoyed this comedy-drama but I didn't. It stars Lucas Haas (Brick Alpha Dog) Molly Parker (Kissed The Five Senses Hollywoodland) and Adam Scott (First Snow Art School Confidential). The director is Matt Bissonnette who's married to Molly Parker. All three actors do a fine job in this movie about 3 friends the marriage of two of them and infidelity involving the third. It all takes place at a lake house and it looks wonderful. The film wants to treat its subject as a comedy first and then a drama and I thought it needed to be the other way around.
critique6473 this movie begins with an ordinary funeral... and it insists so hard on this ordinary funeral feel that i lost interest within 5 minutes of watching and started skipping scenes. it seems to me whomever made this movie is afflicted to the extent of becoming trapped in a permanent morbid trance unable to contemplate anything else but death and destruction. well i ain't one of the dark kids from Southpark i want a movie that within 10 minutes gets me well into an interesting story i won't sit and watch 10 minutes of nothing but preparations for a funeral.. my grandma on her last years was fascinated by funerals perhaps she might have enjoyed this "movie".
critique6474 Terrible story poor acting and no humour at all (apart from the final joke at the end)<br /><br />Some sort of ugly angel is sent to earth to save a boy and his mum from being thrown out of their home. Supposed to be a kiddies movie but even they will not be amused by this terrible film
critique6475 The problem I find with this title is that I am not sure if the director is trying to produce a documentary or movie. A blend of the two genres just doesn't work and that leaves the whole thing hung in the middle of nowhere. This is more so as the director has picked the most extremes of what is supposed to be happening around our everyday life making it an unconvincing documentary. If it is meant to be a thriller/drama this is too dull and monotonous. In either case what is the moral or the message which the director is trying to convey to the audience? That around us there are people who ill-treat others who are willing to be ill-treated? That there are many crazy lunatics around us? So..........so what?
critique6476 Shaggy friendly yet frustrating film has the same old message: if you want to make it in this world being imaginative isn't enough you have to live up to your place in society and that means living by the (heterosexual) rules that govern us. Drag queen comedy-drama from Australia is a mostly upbeat journey of three male friends traveling across the Outback in their pink bus christened Priscilla. While not a formula film per se there are the obligatory "road movie" sequences (bonding by the bonfire facing down the rednecks etc.). Writer-director Stephan Elliott follows every potentially mean-spirited moment with a little humor and sympathy but there are puzzling gaps in his narrative a dire subplot about a gay man's relationship with his ex-wife and estranged pre-teen son (both of whom are comfortable--and the child wise--with his lifestyle) and a third act with no energy whatsoever. It has some wicked transvestite humor and a fairly game cast but a script that seems to have been watered down along the way. ** from ***
critique6477 If you took all the stock elements of a Shrek movie (grumpy ogre annoying donkey cute kitty obligatory dance number etc.) put them in a blender and condensed it to 20 minutes you'd have this mess. Painful to watch; I may have laughed once. The story and dialogue are rushed beyond comprehension with the voice actors sounding like they phoned in their lines. The final reworked rendition of "The Christmas Story" poem felt like it was written by a committee in five minutes. And boy a little Eddie Murphy goes a long way. With its desperate attempt to be hip and current this show will be long outdated and forgotten while classics like "The GrinchÃ‚Â…" will remain timeless. A sad waste of effort by all involved a veritable "jumping of the shark" for the Shrek franchise.
critique6478 Hellboy revolves around classic comic book/action/superhero genre story lines. Essentially Hellboy is a kind of demon who has found his way on earth. He is brought up from a child by a priest and within a government society and has chosen to protect the people of earth from the supernatural rather then be a menace (the normal career route for a demon).<br /><br />The set up of the story involves creative uses of history combining Nazi experiments with the occult. It's preposterous but so is the whole idea of a demon roaming the streets. I find the explanations of the characters who they are and how they came to be very well handled. The sequences are to the point and very entertaining. In fact the opening is the best part of the film therein lays the problemÃ‚Â….<br /><br />Essentially Del Toro who both writes and directs this piece bottles it. The film is absent of all tension or any major conflict. Hellboy is essentially established as invincible within the first act and so the rest of the film comprises of scenes in which any conflict is automatically rather crass because we know inevitably Hellboy will be OK and the bad guy will die. I hear you cry that this is the case for any action/hero film. Well yes it is but once we are drawn into a well made action film we can't help but feel the hero may die. Die Hard works because John Mclane looks likely to die at all parts. He escapes death by the slimmest of margins. The stakes are raised as his wife is also in danger etc etcÃ‚Â… Terminator and Terminator two work because in both cases the villain is far superior than the hero. The threat and tension is constant.<br /><br />Some of the other major weaknesses are: Del Toro is also guilty of employing deus ex machina. Characters generally disappear and reappear as their skills are needed within the story. The villain is featured in maybe three scenes. He has no motives. Turns up unexpectedly and inexplicably. In the one scene Hellboy looks to be up against a real threat (groups of monsters) a character unleashes her abilities - the screen fades to white and inexplicably the monsters are dead but everybody else lives. A minor character established in an irritating and undeveloped love story becomes the key to the conclusion of the film. Her character is so thin the relationship so undeveloped. It is clear she is nothing more than a prop of sorts to push the plot along and to make it all make sense. I don't want to ruin the ending of the film but essentially a character that is dead is miraculously and unbelievably brought back to lifeÃ‚Â….<br /><br />The film suffers from poor dialogue and one liners that just aren't smart or funny. After a while it all starts to grate.<br /><br />What's more Del Toro blows the action scenes with some uninspired visuals. And whoever made the creative decision to make hellboy's primary weapon a gun instead of his clunking arm should be fired. Essentially the use of the gun weakens the concept of the film degrading the fights to nothing more than a one sided shoot out <br /><br />The few positives include: The cinematography is very good. At all times a sense of mood is established by the dark lighting and the darker colour palette. As well as the use of interesting locations. Yet perhaps it is all a bit samey as well.<br /><br />The use of cgi and Fx is well done. Never do we get an over load. When effects are used they are used well and the sense of realism is kept. Rather similar to how Nolan used FX in batman. I much prefer this method to the overtop effects we often see.<br /><br />All in all this is a pretty poor film. The real shame is that (despite not reading the comics) I found the film wasted a lot of potential. Hellboy as a character has a lot of instantly apparent fascinating dimensions which are completely unexplored. The film has watch-ability in the sense that if it comes on TV and nothing else is on it might be worth a viewing. But in any other situation I wouldn't bother with it.
critique6479 The movie contains a very short scene of Deneuve in a bathtub. She looks absolutely stunning for a lady age 56 but this is the only saving grace of the movie. Otherwise it has a mindless unmotivated script and the lead actress has none of Deneuve's appeal. The director apparently watched too many Peter Greenaway films and Pola X comes across as a student's imitation of the Greenaway style without any of his inspiration.
critique6480 Unfortunately this movie is absolutely terrible. It's not even laughably bad just plain bad. The actors do their best with what is the cheesiest script ever. How scary can a movie be when the climax actually involves a roomful of millions of styrofoam peanuts?
critique6481 I Am Curious is really two films in one - half of it is the sexual experimental side of Lena and the other half is her curiosity with political/socialism. Whatever the director's intention the two don't really mesh together. The director should have just stuck with the romantic side of Lena and made a separate movie for the politics. There is a bizarre mixture of political/war rallies Dr. King serious political interviews flopping breasts and pubic hair. The film feels more like a fictional documentary than a movie. Other than the interesting sex scenes you'll be bored dry watching this film. Unlike many other reviewers I think the nude/sexual scenes are overdone for what it is. If you want to see real porn I'm sure there are better choices. The pervasive nudity is a major distraction from whatever plot there is. I think the cast did a fine job however. They played their parts believably. There is little of the over-the-topness I'm so used to seeing in the American films during this time.
critique6482 As usual I am making a mad dash to see the movies I haven't watched yet in anticipation of the Oscars. I was really looking forward to seeing this movie as it seemed to be right up my alley. I can not for the life of me understand why this movie has gotten the buzz it has. There is no story!! A group of guys meander around Iraq. One day they are here diffusing a bomb. Tomorrow they are tooling around the countryside by themselves no less and start taking sniper fire. No wait here they are back in Bagdad. There is no cohesive story at all. The three main characters are so overly characterized that they are mere caricatures. By that I mean we have the sweet kid who is afraid of dying. We have the hardened military man who is practical and just wants to get back safe. And then we have the daredevil cowboy who doesn't follow the rules but has a soft spot for the precocious little Iraqi boy trying to sell soldiers DVDs. What do you think is going to happen??? Well do you think the cowboy soldier who doesn't follow rules is going to get the sweet kid injured with his renegade ways?? Why yes! Do you think the Iraqi kid that cowboy soldier has a soft spot for is going to get killed and make him go crazy? Why yes! There is no story here. The script is juvenile and predictable! The camera is shaken around a lot to make it look "artsy". And for all of you who think this is such a great war picture go rent "Full Metal Jacket" "Deerhunter" or "Platoon". Don't waste time or money on this boring movie!
critique6483 Lucille Ball cannot sing or act or dance. This makes the quality of her performance in MAME all the more dreadful. She's not allowed to do the low-brow slapstick that made her a hit on TV so she has to rely on building a character. Unfortunately Ms. Ball never learned that skill as none of the tender moments have any warmth. How does she really feel about Patrick or Beau? We never really believe the words she says. That vacant stare of Ms. Ball is suppose to convince us she is emoting but there is no chemistry between her and Bruce Davidson Robert Preston or Bea Arthur at all. For this reason every scene she's in is flat.<br /><br />Moreover when Ms. Ball opens her mouth to sing we are immediately made aware of the reason why the studios dubbed her voice for every other musical she starred in earlier in her career. It was stated that she demanded her voice be used so this is a mistake of ego as well as leadership. It is made worse when she is singing in voice-over and she has to "act the moment" without words. Whoever thought that would work forgot who was playing Mame.<br /><br />I understand that Rosalind Russell did the role on stage and in the film AUNTIE MAME. Also I am aware that Angela Lansbury won a Tony for her performance in the original 1966 Broadway musical. Neither of these women were known for their singing voices but both could have pulled this off better than Lucille Ball. Why they went with her is the worst in blatant miscasting.<br /><br />The only person that gets out unscathed is Bea Arthur. She's big and wonderful catty and common in all the right amounts. Unfortunately you keep waiting for this movie to take off and invite you to join in on the fun. But the film never does and you can't. No one besides Bea Arthur appears to be having any fun.<br /><br />An additional bad review goes to director Gene Saks. Saks is known as an award-winning director of musicals and comedies for stage and screen including the Broadway musical this film is based on. None of that skill and expertise is of aid here. The poor editing and storytelling quailty in this movie is beneath a director of his caliber. That glaring error in the execution of the movie is not the fault of Ms. Ball.
critique6484 I had high expectations for this indie having perused the many thumbs up reviews. Then....<br /><br />Here's my additional 'two cents' to the already posted excellent 'lost in translation' review. Premise: Morgan is 'stuck' in a dusty small town where he meets lovely Scarlet who is working in the local supermarket. Can Morgan help elevate the lovely Scarlet from her trailer trash life?<br /><br />Realistic dialog? NOT. How about that shopping in Target. First Freeman looks at the Target interior as if he's walked into Harrods. Then he's bowled over at a T-shirt rack confirming he has NEVER been in any store visited by lovely Scarlet. Morgan is detached from any and all aspects of Scarlet's reality and is portrayed as gleeful in his ignorance of everyone and everything in Scarlet's life.<br /><br />One reviewer enjoyed the Scarlet and ex-hubby fight scene where her survival a car in this instance requires she physically attack her ex hubbie. Does Freeman run to her defense....naw...he's cowering in disbelief and totally incapable of dealing with such a blunt aspect of her very real sorry lot in life. <br /><br />Freeman's character believes a car wash and new very revealing tight fitting blouse is the key to Scarlet's job interview. Another sign that Freeman is CLUELESS. Freeman's endless 'stage talk' where all aspects of Scarlet's reality are reduced to one or another stage related Freeman experience was irritating. <br /><br />Freeman is right to emphasize that Scarlet is young with her future ahead of her and then conveniently ignores the brick walls she faces vis a vis: uneducated no white collar skills or experience VERY POOR no family support and a lifetime of low self esteem. Scarlet learns such life lessons from Freeman as: some people pay $100 for a T-shirt and a revealing blouse may open doors in lieu of her lack of education and white collar job skills. In the end Freeman offers Scarlet little more than strange diversion with a 'star'not even paying for gas for Scarlet's dead of night return to her unchanged life in a town the name of which Freeman cares not to know.
critique6485 I was expecting a lot from Mr.Amitabh Bachan's role of SARKAR but am disappointed. Being a Ram Gopal Verma's direction i was not ready for this kind of a movie. Sarkar is supposed to be a strong character but the movie shows that Amitabh is too dependent on others power rather than his. There is a movie in Tamil called Nayakan based on the theme of GOD FATHER and Kamala Hassan has played the lead. The movie is well directed and the power till the end remains in the hands of Kamala Hassan not his son. Amitabh Bachan seems to be too helpless in the movie and he just accepts everything instead of changing things. The movie fails to show the strong impact of God Father.
critique6486 The spoof genre which has lacked creativity and humor for some time already gets spat upon yet again by hacks with no talent. No point no fun no originality; just a few cheap bucks for the film makers. <br /><br />It takes more than just referencing some recent movies and giving characters double-meaning names to be satire; to make people laugh. Any clod can pick up a cam-corder and have some bad-acting buddies in cheap costumes imitate somebody. Since the genre being targeted this time is inspirational sports movies there are a few lame references thrown out to movies of that type: the jokes are so weak the characters actually have to emphasize the references in various ways to get you to laugh hysterically. It doesn't work.<br /><br />That's not comedy. However the same old worn out sophomoric "jokes" ripped off from a middle school washroom (done even more blandly than usual) are all here. If that's not enough there's a running "gag" of a bus running somebody over. So funny right? Also one pathetically poor scene does more product placement than Michael Bay; again with the same unfunny results. A musical bit flops miserably. Pity Carl Weathers once Apollo Creed in the Rocky series now stuck with roles in swill like this.<br /><br />Lousy beyond words. Watching a snail run the marathon would be less tedious than watching this film is. Probably a lot funnier too.
critique6487 An interesting slasher film with multiple suspects.<br /><br />Includes typical girl flashing her breasts (Denise Cheshire) as she changes into her swimsuit creepy suspect - any one of them could be doing the deed expected breast baring to get a passing grade (Linnea Quigley) a very unusual forward pass more bare breasts a track and field event that will NOT be in the summer Olympics and a ghoulish secret.<br /><br />It all comes to a crashing ending. No there's more. Won't this guy die? I bet Anne (Patch Mackenzie) doesn't plan any more visits home anytime soon.<br /><br />If you like teen slasher films can you possible be a pervert even if all the actresses are over 18?
critique6488 From director Barbet Schroder (Reversal of Fortune) I think I saw a bit of this in my Media Studies class and I recognised the leading actress so I tried it despite the rating by the critics. Basically cool kid Richard Haywood (Half Nelson's Ryan Gosling) and Justin Pendleton (Bully's Michael Pitt) team up to murder a random girl to challenge themselves and see if they can get away with it without the police finding them. Investigating the murder is homicide detective Cassie 'The Hyena' Mayweather (Sandra Bullock) with new partner Sam Kennedy (Ben Chaplin) who are pretty baffled by the evidence found on the scene e.g. non-relating hairs. The plan doesn't seem to be completely going well because Cassie and Sam do quite quickly have Richard or Justin as suspects it is just a question of if they can sway them away. Also starring Agnes Bruckner as Lisa Mills Chris Penn as Ray Feathers R.D. Call as Captain Rod Cody and Tom Verica as Asst. D.A. Al Swanson. I can see now the same concept as Sir Alfred Hitchcock's Rope with the murdering for a challenge thing but this film does it in a very silly way and not even a reasonably good Bullock can save it from being dull and predictable. Adequate!
critique6489 I could not believe how awful this film was; I rarely watch commercial TV but thought "Well Diane Keaton is always worth watching". I stand corrected. Everyone involved should be hanging their heads in shame.<br /><br />I realize there are not a lot of great roles for women of a certain age but the script to this was so inept clichÃƒÂ©d and baffling that I am surprised it ever got into development or that Ms. Keaton thought she could make a silk purse out of this sow's ear. None of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly unlikeable. The acting looked like exercises in a BEGINNING class - I stared in open-mouthed horror through most of this wondering "What were they thinking?". Very very sad that it has come to this. Don't waste your time.
critique6490 This is truly a re-make that should never have gotten out of the stable. It has two casts that are acting in entirely different strata. At the top of their game are Joan Plowright and Maximillian Schell. Every nuance of the Franks is in plain sight. at the rock bottom are Melissa Gilbert and Doris Roberts. I cannot imagine how Schell and Plowright manage to play so well when Gilbert and Roberts are working their anti-magic. Gilbert ruins every scene she's in. It's like Father Knows Best in the Ghetto. She's Ann Frank light. Her run at Helen Keller was thin but not awful. This is sacrilege. Doris Roberts makes Mrs. Van Damm merely annoying. She is a completely inappropriate choice to play the sexually hungry woman whose flirtatious dissatisfied presence caused so much trouble in het Acherhuis. This needed to be played by a woman who could convince us that she at least remembered what it was like to voluptuous. Her weight is not the problem. Joan Plowright could have played this part beautifully. Roberts was on a career high when this was made getting lots of press and many opportunities. Her performance here displays her weaknesses as an actress shamefully.<br /><br />James Coco and Clive Reville have most of their scenes with Gilbert and Roberts  and  strong though they are they are completely incapable of undoing the damage done by their partners. Reville is a wily actor capable of the kind of iconic performance given by Ed Wynne in the original film. He gets no support from Gilbert . She drain the color out of every scene. <br /><br />I've read with dismay the comments by those of you who grew up watching this version filled with attachment to these performances. It's a lesson in how the version you see first attachs to you. It makes me reconsider my attachment to some inferior products I loved in my childhood. I encourage you to watch the original. It has very few weak spots and it's head and shoulders above this mess.
critique6491 I'm not sure what the director and editor were thinking when they were editing this poor excuse for a film but whatever they thought of didn't help this movie it only hurt it and it hurt this film badly. The acting for once isn't the problem it's the horrible editing scenes will end for no apparent reason while in the middle of an action sequence or people will be cut off in mid sentence. I'm not sure what the story was but it didn't really matter since what I did see was fairly uninteresting. Just bad all around a huge "Jaws" rip-off and not a good one at that. The MST version was funny though. 7 for that none for the film itself.
critique6492 *Spoilers - sorry!* The first word that sprung to mind whilst watching the film is 'Gremlins'. It's the only critters movie I have seen from the four movies but I enjoyed it. It wasn't too complicated as I hadn't seen the past two but I thought it was quite a good movie all the same. <br /><br />Critters starts with a man his son and daughter stopping off on the way to a vacation (although it turns out that they end up at their own home - which I have no idea what the hell went on) The girl meets up with a boy (played by Leo DiCaprio) and they go hang out in a nearby forest. They meet this weird guy who tells them to be careful and stuff because of the critters. He seems a bit psychotic and if I was in that situation I would not speak to him. The critters steal a ride of the girl and boy's car and end up in their flat thing. They hide out in the basement and end up killing this lazy jerk. They then nearly kill this fat woman and the girl's dad. They are chased higher and higher up the flat until they hide in the attic. The critters eat stuff in the kitchen (Spoof of the gremlins kitchen scene???!) And I can't remember (not a good thing) but I'm sure they have to go back for something/someone. Anyway they end up getting out and saved. The psychotic guy comes back and before he kills the last two critters he is told he can't because they are endangered and so he sends them home.<br /><br />The ending was disappointing and I was annoyed that only the lazy guy died as there were quite a few annoying characters I would personally have killed off. It's a thrilling exciting movie worth a watch. But if you're looking for a better version of this genre I recommend the gremlins movies. Sorry!
critique6493 I cannot say that Aag is the worst Bollywood film ever made because I haven't seen every Bollywood film but my imagination tells me that it could well be.<br /><br />This film seems like an attempt at artistic suicide on behalf of the director and I for one be believe he has been successful in his mission. No A-list actor outside of this film would risk sharing the same billing as him for all the humiliation this film is bound to carry with it.<br /><br />But lets not just blame the director here there is the cinematographer who looks like he's rehearsing for the amateur home movie maker of the year award. There is the over dramatic score that hopes to carry you to the next scene. The lighting man who must have been holding a cigarette in one hand and light bulb on pole in the other and hoping that the flame burning off the cigarette would add to that much needed light in every scene. And of course the actors! Some of them are by no means newcomers else all could be forgiven here. The ensemble of actors in Aag were put together to promote a new beginning and dimension to the re-make of India's most loved movie of all time 'Sholay'. One must not forget that these actors were not forced in to this film they are A-list and willing participants to something that let's face it would surely have had high and eager public expectation??? So it begs the question Amitabh aside (for now) did the other actors really believe their performances even attempted to better the original? Did Amitabh Bachchan read the script and believe that people would remember his dialogue in this farcical abomination of a film? Don't be stupid of course he didn't this was a demonstration to the public of how much money talks hence can make actors walk.<br /><br />I truly hope everyone involved is satisfied with what is truly a vulgar attempt to remake a classic film which only succeeds in polluting everyone's mind when they watch the original.
critique6494 Let me first start with the obvious: antisemitism has been a serious problem throughout history present in many societies and causing the deaths of million of Jews. That said the problem with this movie is that it views the United States - probably the most welcoming society ever to Jews outside of Israel - as a not very different place from Nazi Germany. Set in 1943 the movie is about a man (William H. Macy) who gets confused with a Jew after he starts wearing glasses!. A number of very nasty things happen to him after that (he loses his job and he is unable to find a new one his neighbors shunned him all ending up in a violent confrontation). From one of Arthur Miller's self pitying patronizing novels the sort that gave liberalism a bad name.
critique6495 It's really too bad that John Candy wasted his skills on so many horrible films (Delirious Wagons East Who's Harry Crumb? etc.. This one has maybe a few chuckles but it's mostly just really bad one-liners and dumb physical stuff. Let's honor this comedian's memory by remembering things like Planes Trains & Automobiles and Uncle Buck.
critique6496 I have always wanted to see the movie because I loved the novel but was warned away because I'd heard that the movie was a stinker. It is. Fowles wrote the script and I could follow it fine despite the fact that I read the novel over thirty years ago.<br /><br />The soundtrack is execrable--jarring jangling and utterly inappropriate--breaking any attempt at mystery or mood in the movie. I suspect that the director must take a lot of the blame as even Michael Caine is terrible in it and he was already doing excellent work in ALFIE a couple of years earlier.<br /><br />The "Mysteries" evoked by the book are not well-translated onto the screen. I'd love to see someone remake this one.
critique6497 There are many mysteries in life. For example: Why did any of the people other than Carrot Top agree to appear in this movie? Why did anyone distribute this movie? Why did anyone pay money to see it? I guess none of these questions will ever be answered but one thing I know for sure this movie is one of the worst ever made with a budget this big. It would already be bad but the addition of Carrot Top's "humor" makes it even worse. The only entertainment one could possibly get from this movie is to burn it smash it or otherwise destroy it in an amusing fashion. If you were to rank it against every movie ever made it would be right between "Problem Child" and "Biodome". Nuff said.
critique6498 Though it's better than most made-for-TV movies "Buried Alive" is nothing more than a run-of-the-mill revenge tale. There are so many plot holes in this one it makes you wonder why the screenwriters didn't go through a series of re-writes. The ending has a nice twist to it but it's hardly believable.<br /><br />The acting by Jennifer Jason Leigh is terrific as always but Tim Matheson hams it up with cheesy one-liners that reminds one of Jack Nicholson in "The Shining". Don't bother with this one.
critique6499 The banner says it all this is one really bad movie which is sad because I normally like Sheffer and I have been impressed with Andrea Roth in other roles. This however is terrible. I wont waste any more time...its just that bad.
critique6500 After a while I realized it was just my IQ slowly dropping. Frostbite is one of those pathetic movies where no one and I mean no one is even trying. I rooted for the dorky hero to die inside that trashcan (how did he even manage to fit in there anyway?) Traci Lords the queen of B movies was horribly unfunny and ripped me and my friends off by not showing her boobs a single time.<br /><br />The "characters" though I use that term loosely are people so exaggerated and one-dimensional they might as well have used cardboard cutouts. The "jokes" (I use this term loosely as well) are simply hilarious. A guy's fart causes an earthquake. Roflcopter! Our "hero" gets a butt acupuncture by Traci Lords. Oh God I can't breathe! The blind guy uses the F word repeatedly! This is too much!!! <br /><br />Say what you want about the acting but I thought Adam Grimes did a pretty good job at playing a mentally challenged snowboarder. Apart from that the sole source of entertainment value here is boobs. I think I counted three maybe four pairs throughout the entire film scattered over maybe five minutes of screen time. That's five minutes worth watching out of 83 minutes of unfunny trash. Don't watch this. Watch Barb Wire with Pamela Anderson - at least there was plenty of nudity and action in that trashy flick!(r#26)
critique6501 The title of this documentary is very misleading. At no time during the documentary do they show how the introduction of the Nile Perch fish into Lake Victoria has cause any of the problems facing the town of Mwanza Tanzania. The film tries to place the problems of Tanzania on an environmental cause but the truth of that matter is the problems stem from a parasitic outside force. The documentary is very slowing paced with no narrative what so ever. Instead it relies on small blips of text between none related segments to display bits of information that do little to add or expand of the subject matter. There are only two attempts to discus the environmental effects of the Nile Perch fish. One is a small segment about 10 seconds long where they interview the factory managers where the fish is processed and he briefly mentions how 50 years ago the Nile Perch was introduced into the lake and it consumed the other fish species. The film maker makes no attempt to follow up on the matter or go deeper into it. The second attempt is when within this documentary they film the showing of another documentary that is discussing the environmental impact the Nile Perch has introduced and again no real attempt is made to expand on just how devastating the problem has become. <br /><br />The subject matter that this documentary does delve into has nothing to do with the Perch fish itself and more to do with the problems facing most African countries. The film tries to link the introduction of the Perch fish with AIDS Poverty and Pollution in Tanzania but never makes a direct connection. As any intelligent person well read with problems in Africa the problems shown here are not unique to Tanzania but affect most of Africa and have nothing to do with the fish. It would have been great if the film makers would have shown how the local economy or life was before the fish was introduced and how it has been negatively impacted by the introduction of the fish but they don't. The fact of the matter is that many of the people they interview say that the fish has provided jobs and opportunity for many. Yes things are BAD within the town of Mwanza but they are far worst in other parts of the country and continent for that matter.<br /><br />A weak attempt by the documentary makers to link the fish to famine problems in Tanzania is quickly discredited by the documentary itself. First off Tanzania is a very large country and Lake Victoria is only a small portion of the country. Many of the individuals interview actually say that they can to Mwanza the fishing town on the lake to find a job and feed their families because things were so bad in other parts of the country. <br /><br />This documentary is very weak has no narrative and makes no attempt to actually link anything they display to the Nile Perch. It plays on people's emotions by displaying images of the devastation of poverty famine and AIDS making no attempt to show you how any of this is unique to the Lake Victoria region of Tanzania or directly related to the Perch Fish. The fact is most of the problems have more to do with War Globalization and Christianity than and environmental effect of the Perch fish itself.
critique6502 I never comment on a film but I have to say that this was one of the worst films that I have ever seen. I feel it was made by a beginner film student and not to put down talented film students but this was horrible! I did not buy the lead actress and felt I was in acting class with her while she was on film. Her decisions were very safe and I feel she was mimicking other actresses in films and not acting and making her own decisions. The direction was very confusing and the sound was louder than the actors themselves. The end may have made a little more sense if there was someone narrating the events and not a song. I love Patsy Cline but she her songs appear quite frequently in films. Maybe the song selection could have been a little more original. The song "crazy" was such a clichÃƒÂ©. As I said before I never comment on films and have seen my share of good and bad but this was the worst. Sorry.
critique6503 Kathryn Bigelow and Mark Boal are already preparing a sequel about a young US corporal in Afghanistan. He also happens to be a highly-qualified surgeon and is roaming freely around Kabul operating on wounded NATO soldiers. On a particularly difficult mission he casually picks up a sniper rifle and shoots Osama Bin Laden from a distance of about 3000 yards. He is then finally promoted to sergeant but is unable to decide between a sniper and surgeon career so he quits from the Army altogether. One year later frustrated with civilian life he joins the Navy and the last scene shows him proudly wearing a white uniform.
critique6504 I used to think that "It Came from Hollywood" was the worst movie I had seen that showed clips from horror sci-fi crime and drama movies. Of course I hadn't seen THIS beauty yet.<br /><br />What's wrong with "Terror in the Aisles"? Four things:<br /><br />1) It assumes that most of the great moments in shock cinema history began in the '70s when directors like John Carpenter and Brian De Palma came along. And what bones are thrown to the true classics (i.e. - the black and white films) like "Frankenstein" "Dracula" and "The Wolf Man" are either shown with Martin and Lewis or Abbott and Costello alongside or not at all!<br /><br />2) The clips are most times so brief and out of their originals' place that they just give a momentary shock to the viewer and for those unfamiliar with these films will make no sense at all (indeed the moment where the shark jumps out of the water at Roy Scheider in "Jaws" is shown much to the effect of a sight gag. Whereas in the original's context it had power.)<br /><br />3) Did we really need Pleasance and Allen in the audience reminding us that "it's only a movie" or that most of the violence in the horror movies "is sadly against women"? So is that an indictment against the movie-makers for adding those scenes or the movie-goers who tromp into the theaters and watch the same kind of fodder time and again? Sorry that's a whole can of worms to open for a more deserving movie.<br /><br />4) And most importantly why is the movie so SHORT? It isn't like there wasn't enough of these kinds of movies to use. If they had just opened up their resources and used EVERY available film they could have had a "That's Entertainment!"-style movie that would have been comparatively more entertaining. Heck even drag out Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing (Cushing was alive then mind you) and better yet even Vincent Price would have been more than willing I'll bet! What a cheer THAT would have gotten from the audience!<br /><br />But no... all we're left with is a dreary little flick that pretends to pay homage to these movies but all it does is leave the viewer feeling cheated out of less than 90 minutes with which they could have went and watched a REAL movie. Don't get me wrong; it was good to see what clips they did show but if they could have just done more with the goods!<br /><br />Two stars. Another good idea left laying "in the Aisles".
critique6505 Cimarron was painful to sit through. Although Irene Dunn does a good job with the heavy-handed script Richard Dix' pompous and overacted role is brutal. The passage of time has not treated the character of Isaiah as well as other racial and religious notions well although the movie is somewhat progressive on the roles of women and the mistreatment of Native Americans. The editing is especially weak. This is without a doubt the worst of all the "best" pictures.
critique6506 This movie is just horrible. It's boring it's low quality the actors are just the worst actors I have ever seen and the scenario is so bad that it's hilarious.<br /><br />The "main" actor is supposed to be the hot guy who gets all the girls but he's ugly overweight and looks like he's from the early 90's.<br /><br />All the characters are away for the week-end for a get together amongst friends but nobody are actually friends! The married couple hasn't seen the "main" guy in over 5 years and even back then they weren't really friends. The "date" of the main guy only knows him from work and than there's a girl they pick-up at a bar. Now tell me that you would risk losing your job to spend a week-end at your cabin with people that aren't even your real friends. Because that's what he does at the beginning of the movie!<br /><br />Do not waste even one minute of your time on this lemon. I've made home movies scarier than this!<br /><br />
critique6507 A satire about greed and money what? There is more greed in the intentions behind this fiasco than in any of the themes they pathetically try to make fun of. Jim Carrey's reign was certainly short lived. He is an unbearable presence on the screen. The insincerity of his portrayal is nothing short of creepy. He produced this this "masterpiece" as well so he can't blame anyone here. "The number one comedy in America" shout the desperate TV adds. Of course Jim Carrey was suppose to guarantee full houses but the game is over. If I sound angry is because I am. I spent a sunny afternoon in California plus between tickets parking flat Cokes etc almost 45 bucks on this thing starring and produced by Mr Carry. Not anymore do you hear? Not anymore.
critique6508 There was a time when Michael Jackson was revered as the King of Pop. Then came a time when he attracted negative publicity as much as lemonade attracts wasps. Finally it is now the time that we feel truly sorry for this man.<br /><br />This 'movie' is another reason to. I promised a rabid Michael Jackson fan to watch it with her. You know the type of fan -- someone who tells him- or herself to like everything the object of affection ever did. While watching this movie which she had seen twice already I realized how far this fandom goes. Probably far enough to rate this movie above a 1/10 as some people miraculously did.<br /><br />The movie attempts to be a parody of many other movies and series most notably Cast Away Lost and Jurassic Park. Unfortunately it fails miserably at any level. The acting does not save the absolutely horrible story the filming has the quality of a too-often played video tape the special effects were better executed in Be Kind Rewind (for those who do not now this movie: with aluminum foil)... All this would be funny if the movie managed to be well funny. Unfortunately it is not. It hurts to watch this.<br /><br />And then there is Michael Jacksons appearance in this garbage. He appears on a projection screen to deliver an important message and manages to come across as mobile as Jabba the Hutt and as serious as a 4-year old. Just when I thought "who is the terrible person that lured this poor man into participating in this movie and yet again making a total fool of himself" I (finally) reached the ending credits and discovered that the movie was actually partially shot at Jackson's Neverland ranch. In other words: He. Likes. It.<br /><br />This movie and Jackson's involvement in it is truly disturbing. Do not watch it even for the "haha a movie in the IMDb Bottom 100" effect. Or be warned.
critique6509 This is by far the most vapid idiotic insanely stupid show that has EVER been on the air and this is coming from someone who remembers "San Pedro Beach Bums".<br /><br />My wife loves watching reality shows--and there was one episode of this drivel where the wannabes had to develop a "walk". The end result was straight out of Monty Python's "Ministry of Silly Walks" sketch. I couldn't laugh hard enough.<br /><br />And then there's the ubiquitous Ms. Banks (as in laughing all the way to the...). She has to be the most annoying self-important woman on TV since Rosie O'Donnell left "The View". As if modeling was doing great things for mankind. Please. I've never found her attractive and I don't find her intelligent now that she has the temerity to open her mouth.<br /><br />Someone needs to tell these human clothes hangers to eat a healthy diet and actually look like real women.
critique6510 the real plot...<br /><br />A group of post-Civil War prostitutes seek alternative housing in FORT BOOM. Lacy Everett and a close-knit family of call girls have been eating date expired sausages for days and plan to move into the former Fort McMillian. Locals warn the women of eating more of the dated sausage. Because there is a vicious pyromaniac loose in the area and he refuse to shuttle them out to the property. When they finally arrive at their destination they discover their stomach is full of gass after all the bad sausage. It is not long before they learn why their new home is called FORT BOOM.
critique6511 This could have been a rather entertaining film but instead it ranks with other duds like Leeches and Rest In Pieces at the bottom of the cinematic food chain. Had they played this flick tongue-in-cheek it could have been a very entertaining film like Re-Animator or Dead ALive but Juan Piquor Simon plays it tongue-in-cheek in spots but straight more often.<br /><br />The premise of this film is a small community that is besieged by mutated slugs. There is an abandoned toxic waste dump near a sewer line that mutates the slugs into aggressive meat-eating monsters - albeit monsters that move slowly and can be squished under your boot. Health Inspector Michael Garfiled and two accomplices are the only people that seem willing to fight the slugs while the sheriff and mayor think they are crazy. The climax is a laugh riot - unintentional at that - which makes you scratch your head as to how stupid (actors and screenwriter) the scenario of destroying the slugs is.<br /><br />STORY: $$ (No new ground charted here. Simon seems to play the gore elements tongue-in-cheek but the dialogue is straight. Had Simon worked with a clever script - one with plenty of one-liners and eccentric characters this could have been a cult film).<br /><br />VIOLENCE: $$$ (You won't be letdown here. We get plenty of exploding chest cavity scenes as well as a grand head explosion in the middle of a fine Italian restaurant. The blood and guts that many horror film watchers enjoy is in full swing here. You also get corpses of people who have been picked clean by the slugs and plenty of slug smashing scenes).<br /><br />ACTING: $ (Wow! Michael Garfield seems to know that this script is a stinker and he delivers his lines with a facial expression that suggests he knows how preposterous this film-making endeavor is. Kim Terry as his wife does an adequate job even though she does little beyond the hold-your-face-while-you-scream bit. The "teenagers" were all horrible actors - no exceptions. Man this film could have used Bruce Dern or Jeffrey Combs!) <br /><br />NUDITY: $$ (Two teens get naughty in bed before they get dispatched - in a poorly done scene - by a horde of slugs that crawled into the girl's bedroom. Both male and female nudity here).
critique6512 Spend your time any other way even housework is better than this movie. The jokes aren't funny the fun rhymes that are Dr. Seus aren't there. A very lousy way to waste an evening. My kids 4-16 laughed a little at the beginning the younger ones got bored with it and left to play Barbies and the older ones left to play ps2 and surf the net. My wife left and did dishes. So I finished it alone. It was the worst "kids" movie I have seen. If you want to watch a fun kids movie watch Shrek 2 that movie is fun for kids and their parents. AVOID THIS MOVIE. It isn't funny isn't cute the cat's makeup is about the only good thing in it and you can see that on the disc label.
critique6513 I saw The Greek Tycoon when it first came out in 1978. I found it extremely boring. I thought it was no better than a travelogue except for one thing: For the first time in my life I realized why it would be good to be rich. Seeing the scenery off Aristotle Onassis' yacht and getting my first real peek into the lifestyle of the rich and famous opened my eyes. To paraphrase Martha Stewart: It was a good thing. Funny I don't remember the sex scene. I hadn't seen the movie since it was on the big screen and found the lovemaking session with the mistress memorable this time. Maybe because I was younger and single back then it was no big deal.
critique6514 Muscular 'scientists' unpleasantly thin females in swimsuits lots of beer drinking.. Yet it's too long to be a beer commercial. Oh okay there's some plot about a big shark-like monster that's killing people and stuff. But it's nothing you haven't seen before.
critique6515 As a single woman over 40 I found this film extremely insulting and demeaning to single women over 40 not to mention every other woman of any age. It was a sad pathetic attempt by a man to write and direct a "chick flick" and it failed miserably. Andy McDowell isn't much of an actress to begin with but given the non-existent "plot" (I hate to even refer to it as a plot) in this she didn't have a chance. There was no character development no reason to feel sympathy/empathy for any of the characters and no attempt to make the film in any way realistic or believable. And then there's the obligatory male-fantasy of an attractive straight woman suddenly deciding to give lesbianism a try -- PLEASE.<br /><br />Not only do I wish I could get my money back for the DVD rental I also want those 112 minutes of my life back. What a ripoff.
critique6516 This game has the(dis)honor of being the first game that I have stopped playing right in the middle of and felt like smashing into bits and then burning. Congratulations. FIRST and LAST Tomb Raider I will ever play I assure you.<br /><br />Plot: Just typing that word made me laugh. There isn't one. Neither is there character development. We finally have a girl heroine who can take care of herselfwho isn't a *beeping*mary-suebut unfortunately she dresses like a slut and her breast are huge. They had to attract the sexist boy gamers you see. Anyway all she does is go in tomb after tomb shooting things as she goes along. Why she does this I have no idea. I had subtitles on and the t.v. as loud as I could and I still didn't understand a damn thing. The development(or lack there of) for her her two friends and the*villains*were laughable. There also will be levels that you have to go through that do-not give you any hint on what you have to do next and you literally will be in most of the boring as hell tombs for HOURS trying to figure out what the hell you are supposed to be doing. There is one course(out of two) in particular with her on a motorbike(Believe me it is not at all fun)that you will be on for ATLEASE an HOUR with NO save point in sight. That means you get hit by the other motorist and guys in vans shooting at you or you hit a tree you start the hour long trek OVER.<br /><br />Boss Stupid F*ck: You know lets makes the levels very long have basically no save points have no story no character development give no variety in game play have most of the music on the longest levels ear-bleedingand give no hints whatsoever to the player so they can stay even longer in a place instead of getting to the nonexistent plot.<br /><br />Stupid F*ck one: Those sound like bang up ideas.<br /><br />Stupid F*ck two: I concur. Who needs character development plot or unboring game-play.<br /><br />Todd: I'm sorry sirbut these ideas seem like they will extremely p*ss the player off.<br /><br />Boss Stupid F*ck: Shut up Todd. You're fired.<br /><br />Game-play: All she does is shoot. Of course she can flip while SHOOTING jump while SHOOTING or kick while again SHOOTING.But flipping jumping and kicking does not erase the fact that all she is ultimately doing is SHOOTING. BORING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Music: The intro music is extremely beautiful. I love listening to it. The in game music goes from tolerable to wanting to cut your ears off.<br /><br />Visuals:Considering this game was made in 2006 I was expecting the visuals to blow me away.Well I was blownbut definitely not in a good way.<br /><br />Bottom-line: This game is a plot-less no character development mess with a barely dressed unmarysuish(THANKFULLY)young women in the lead that goes through boring tombs for some boring reason(what that might be I couldn't tell you)with unimaginative shooting gameplay. STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS B.S.!!!!!!!!It's gets two stars for having a women who isn't a damsel in distress(No matter how scantily clad she might be) and the beautiful into music.
critique6517 In this day and age of incredible special movie effects this one was a sore disappointment. The actors seemed stiff and uninspired as was the dialogue. Westerns are not common fare for Hollywood so much these days but movies like "Silverado" prove that somebody out there still knows how to make a good one. Considering that it is hard to conceive that anyone would go to any expense at all in releasing much less creating such a weak film as this one. If you love and are looking for a good western keep looking!
critique6518 If Jacqueline McKenzie and John Lynch weren't such talented actors this film would probably be even worse than it actually is.The story of two mentally disturbed people who fall in love and have a baby is an interesting oneand well worth exploring.However on the negative sidethe plot becomes increasingly over the top as the story progressesand the music choices more and more bizarreso that by the end I found myself laughing when I know the director intended for me to be crying.
critique6519 It's one of the imponderables of low-budget independent film-making that so many with so little in the way of real talent fancy themselves frightmeisters. The paucity of talent evinced by these wonky wannabees is there for all the world to see. Case in point: FLIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD (or as I quickly came to know it SHITE OF THE LIVING DEAD). There's nothing wrong with paying homage to one's heroes. I've done it many times over the years myself in many different ways. In fact in the xlibris book THE NIGHT RIDERS co-written with M. Kelley I dedicate it in part to "the six writers whose work inspires me still: Richard Matheson Harlan Ellison Shirley Jackson Edgar Allen Poe H.P. Lovecraft and Robert E. Howard." Had it been a motion picture I would've dedicated it to the directors whose films have inspired me over the years. Very high up on that list would've been George Romero. It's nothing less than a crying shame that the makers of this film weren't truly as inspired by Romero as their title suggests.
critique6520 Produced by Nott Entertainment this movie is "nott" very good at all. I sat through the first 15 minutes of the film before judging that the acting is bad the casting is bad and camera work is bad. As I hear that there is a download of this film floating around on the internet it is "nott" even worth the bandwidth.<br /><br />Up until the time I wrote this review the average vote for this movie was an 8.5 which prompted me to view it and there was an average high majority of 10's for it obviously voted on by liars and shills. This movie is "nott" for everyone. Or parents if you want to punish your kids with this awful film have them sit through this one for Halloween.
critique6521 Even if Ryan wasn't such of an annoying person this would still be bad i said even if where do we begin? "directors log" You will have the urge to snatch his tape recorder and pound it with a hammer or punt it into a lake a haunted lake of course. Oh how i wish "dead time" was more literal as opposed to what they refer to it as but alas no death maybe a pillow out of place or a "humming noise" oh wait thats the cat. I actually expected to see some sort of evidence or at least something to verify their escapades don't worry you wont see anything you that you would not see on a normal day.<br /><br />An entire season and what do they have to show for it um nothing. No in fact they have less than nothing they have a waste of time. They took my challenge the do something for the paranormal challenge. Now in this you actually do something for the paranormal you could say go on camera and say "i love the paranormal so much I'll draw stick figures of ghosts" or " I love the paranormal so much I'll film hot co-eds pretending to be ghost hunters" you would be wasting film but wasting it for the paranormal. Or you could say "I'll mess with a demon" but don't say it's name you might get hurt and you know god doesn't like that that would be quite a thing for god but he wouldn't like that so don't do that. So i asked them to waste time for the paranormal and they followed suit they went into an old building looking for "mothman" it was a waste of time it made no real difference at all it had no effect we learned nothing new it was a waste of time and film.<br /><br />There amazing detective work is just so uncanny "well we found your problem" a cat died here so were going to psychically communicate with that cat and tell it to move on kind of throw some catnip at it and it'll be OK......directors log...." Captain log star date 541.2 ...oh i mean " directors log i just brought on a few new investigators a couple 8's and 9's but this chic is a 10....um yeah....we have a new case... strange things happening.... .......focusing on one of the children.....were going to investigate.." Now we will bring is a psychic we haven't told them anything this is TV trust us
critique6522 THE. WORST. FILM. EVER. MADE.<br /><br />After watching this supposedly gay made film I suspect someone rounded up a brain damaged half blind neo-nazi and had him make the worst gay film ever all in some deluded attempt to attack gay culture. I had to stop the movie and call a friend to come over just so I had someone to scoff at when I paused the movie out of shock disbelief and outrage at such sheer stupidity.<br /><br />On top of all the horrible writing and acting and illogical and stupid plot its just a poorly made film. A dog with a handycam tied to its tail could have churned out better.<br /><br />Seriously after reading the few positive reviews this movie has here I suspect the writer must have a half a dozen IMDb accounts. Anyone who says this film is even watchable as anything other than a joke is a liar or being paid heavily to say so.
critique6523 I could not believe the original rating I found when i looked up this film 9.5? Unfortunately it looks like I am not alone.<br /><br />The film is slow and boring really one of the sad things is that if the film had been given a realistic rating of around 5 or 6 then the expectation would not have been so high.<br /><br />Unfortunately this was not the case so when watching the film and seeing the poor story and acting I am left giving it a 3/10 score.<br /><br />Vinnie Jones is superb in Lock stock and also Snatch and he plays a great hard man however he should stick to this role. Its a bit like when Stallone and Schwarzenegger have done comedy films they just don't work.<br /><br />Neither can he play lead actor he plays better as supporting or otherwise. When he plays lead his acting talents are too 'in view' and shown up as not really very good. Mean Machine is another good example of this.
critique6524 Unless you are already familiar with the pop stars who star in this film save yourself the time and stop reading this review after you've reached the end of the next sentence.<br /><br />FORGET YOU EVER STUMBLED UPON THIS FILM AND GO WATCH SOMETHING ELSE.<br /><br />But if you insist on reading consider: <br /><br />Lame vehicle for Japanese teen idol pretty-boys featuring nonsensical convoluted "plot" that drags out for an insufferable amount of time until you're ready to scream.<br /><br />Nothing in this film makes sense. It's an endless series of people expressing various emotions from joy to anger from happiness to tragedy FOR NO GOOD REASON. We can obviously see something incredibly "dramatic" is happening but we just don't GIVE A CRAP WHY 'cause there's no backstory.<br /><br />By the time this film is over you will be sick and tired of these stupid lanky girly stars' faces. You'll be revolted at having spent all this time watching them smile sneer cry look mysterious be "serious" and any other pointless expression they slap on their faces.<br /><br />That some moron would ever go so far as to refer to this piece of insipid trash as being the "soul" of any of its "actors" should prove to you beyond the shadow of a doubt what the trailer and countless adoring comments on this site will not tell you: <br /><br />Only the "converted" mindless minions will like this film the majority of them teenage girls with a pathological adoration for anything androgynous. Freud would have a field day.<br /><br />Unless you're one of these mindless "fans" stay the hell away from this abomination.
critique6525 I think Jason Lee has huge potential but this was the WRONG vehicle in which to attempt to break out as a star. The plot is awful the comedy is awful. I laughed twice I think for relief because in retrospect they were fairly lame jokes. I found myself scared for the future of Fletch and had to console myself that it was the film that was flawed not Lee.<br /><br />Julia Stiles and Selma Blair are hot but I recommend looking at the still photos on this website to figure that out instead of this film. Save your time. 1 star.
critique6526 DEATHSTALKER is perfect for B-fantasy movie fans; this barely 80-minute travesty of film-making features everything hecklers can ask for--non-existent plotting terrible acting (save for at least a raspy-sounding old lady) laughable scripting and schlock editing and bargain-basement style background settings. There are no characters that come across as likable or interesting (in particular the lead doesn't have ANYTHING appealing about him) and the actors assembled barely do anything to rise above the F-grade material. If that's not enough then how about the lack of a compelling plot (which this movie has nothing of the sort) to make DEATHSTALKER qualify as a major turkey? I was also offended that the women in this movie barely serve any purpose other than to 1) be topless and/or scantily clad; 2) get raped; 3) have sex with the hero; 4) all of the above. In addition the background music is hideous; a bizarre mess of electronic noise cheesy choral bursts and blaring orchestral cacophony. Ear numbing and eye numbing all in one packed with nary a thing to keep one interested DEATHSTALKER is probably best suited for folks looking for something to laugh at (and believe me there's plenty of that in here). Otherwise I do not recommend this 100th-grade CONAN wanna-be to anyone in the least.
critique6527 I rarely write reviews for IMDb.com but I feel compelled to warn potential viewers that this movie is terrible. Just terrible. I like Shaw Bros. movies (I'm not a hater.) and I had high expectations for this one since I found it listed on many "10 Best Kung Fu/Martial Arts Movies" websites. (I'm now convinced that those 10 Best lists are all cut-and-paste jobs.) First of all there's barely any action in the film. Most of the movie consists of talking about the plot which is an amazing feat because it's thin at best. And the action itself may have been impressive back in 1978 but it's routine by today's standards. A special warning to Netflix users: the DVD they ship is terrible; the picture is horrendous and it's not even 16:9 enhanced.
critique6528 This adorable dog (called various names during the film) is seemingly loved by the whole town...but he's alone. He is friends with two children (Cindy and Paul played astonishingly bad) but their father won't let them have a dog. Then Benji meets Tiffany--ANOTHER adorable dog. They (instantly) fall in love and it leads to a hysterical montage of the two of them frolicking in the grass drinking from a fountain...in slow motion no less! Also Benji lives in the cleanest abandoned house I've ever seen. Then the two kids are kidnapped by the most inept unfunniest kidnappers I've ever seen and--wouldn't you know it--they hide the brats in the exact house Benji lives in! <br /><br />WOW was this bad! A huge hit (for some reason) in 1974 which led to many sequels (which I will NOT see). The film is just terribly acted with "humor" so unfunny and badly done that you just stare at the TV in amazement. The film also has a song that is played NONSTOP during the movie--so much that you want to scream. It was inexplicably nominated for Best Song at the Oscars--it didn't win. Yeah--the dogs are adorable and much better than the human actors--but I need more than cute dogs to keep me interested.<br /><br />You might think I'm being a little hard on a kids film but I saw it with my 5 year old nephew. Within 20 minutes he was bored silly and basically stopped watching. I kept watching in hope that it would get better--it didn't. Really lousy--but VERY patient kids or dog lovers might like it.<br /><br />Note to parents: It's G rated but a dog is viciously kicked a few times. You don't see it--you just hear it and the dog survives but this might bother real young kids.
critique6529 I agree with several of you that this film was rather boring and dull. I found myself disliking the main character and the following actors/actresses that came in the scenes. The camera work was non pleasing itself. Random shots and shaky film scenes made me quite annoyed and I turned the film off. I will make up my time by watching the 1999 adaption and hope that it fits agreeable along with Sense and Sensibility; Emma; Becoming Jane; and Pride and Prejudice. I've only a few others to watch besides these films but I believe they were done in great taste. The music was kind of out of place with the film also reminding me of another show I had seen this year. It was called Hex and a show from BBC. I came across it one night on the web. I rather liked the first season but the second season was dry and pulling things out of thin air that should of stayed with the clouds. I found the main male character who was Henry in this film out of place. Perhaps I just do not like his way of speaking or his stature. Well I would not recommend this film to anyone unless they were going to have it muted and they wanted to look at the fashion of the era or the way homes were kept at the time. Again I will watch the 1999 version and hope it is a better and does Jane Austen some justice to her writing.
critique6530 This is a case of a bunch of people thinking they are so clever they have a story that fits the time. Remember the all-around political conspiracies caught on camera in the years leading to the Watergate and a little later? Most movies trying to cash in on made-for-TV 'o so powerful o so mind numbing' conspiracies were in fact caught in their own navel-gazing attitude.<br /><br />I was never a fan of The Conversation which I find as much dated as others conspiracy stints of the time but Coppola was true to his main character and Hackman was a pretty engaging actor to observe. I mean these conspiracy movies are mostly drowning in the character pool of noir heroes. Lots of questions unanswered lots of dis-communication... Well this takes at least Bergman to build a movie about such un-visual bases.<br /><br />The Next Man is a perfect example of its time: one political soup served with an idealistic character and an horrendous conspiracy tightening its web around him. Neither part is interesting in itself and the whole doesn't get any better. In fact you can tell how much it will be bad from the very first sequences piling up 'watcha that' murders without ever advancing any storyline. Pedestrian directing at its worst as most of the movie is one pompous accumulation of scenes revolving around violence naively brought under the viewer's eyes.
critique6531 I watched this movie on video the other night and found myself dozing off throughout this uninspired snoozefest. First of all one of my biggest pet peeves is when movies like this are characterized as horror movies. It is a THRILLER! get it right!It has no monsters or anything supernatural. It is simply a movie about a twisted serial killer (Actually there is a very small body count so it is more of a serial torturer movie and it did a good job of torturing me.) The basic premise of a man luring teenagers to his house of horrors through online chat rooms could have made for a great movie but we only see him lure one pair of teen girls through the internet at the very beginning of the film. One of these girls turns out to be a local detective's daughter and he gets emotionally involved in the case. The film quickly changes from a potentially intelligent sado-masochistic thriller to a boring old cat and mouse game between the incredibly dull detective and the psychopathic Captain Howdy/Carleton Hendricks played adequately by writer/producer/Twisted Sister frontman Dee Snider. The occasional attempts at meaningful poetic one-liners about the positive effects of pain and the like from Snider are laughable. If he is attempting to get people to subscribe to these opinions through this film he fails miserably and (unintentionally) makes light of them. The directing by John Pieplow (whose only previous directing effort was Jurassic Women which I will let the title speak for itself) was uninspired and there was something wrong with the editing which resulted in the film being disjointed with a few scenes completely unrelated to the plot unless the screenplay is at fault (which is quite possible.) This film a completely unsuccessful attempt at a thriller trying to pass of as a horror movie that's only achievement was making me squirm at the sight of a few graphic bodily piercings. If you see it at your video store don't waste your money but if you need something to laugh at one night and Strangeland is on cable you might as well watch. 3 out of 10
critique6532 Love sublime says the title. Another blurb during the promotions of the film talked about inner vs external beauty. Well in this case the beauty - you decide inner or external - is provided by scantily clad (or is that scantily dressed/ undressed) Zeenat Aman who the director Raj Kapoor called "a volcano of talent" while the film was being made. One can't accuse him of sarcasm of course - after all he was promoting his own film.<br /><br />The paper thin plot is about a woman with a disfigured face who has a - er - well proportioned body  a great voice (thanks to Lata Mangeshkar) with whom the hero Shashi Kapoor falls in love. He doesn't want her face only her voice. The acting is desperate and even the 4 is because of the music with Lata Mangeshkar giving some good numbers. The rest is of course bunkum. Avoid - save your money. Inner beauty vs Outer beauty. !!! You need not be an Einstein to figure out which one the director was concentrating on
critique6533 Was it foreshadowing when Tori complained that her first boyfriend was treating her like a robot and then her new boyfriend (the murderer) turned out to be a designer of artificial intelligence? I think so. Scenes to make you squeal with delight: montages galore a strip-tease in a kimono (what do you call it when you seductively put clothes on instead of take them off?) and a climactic battle on skis! Definitely tune in for the beginning and end but you can grab a sandwich during the second act when all the plot is happening. Is it better than CO-ED CALL GIRL? Nah. Does Tori ever make it to paradise or out of the snow even? Nope.
critique6534 Some might say something like "Baby Geniuses" with its giant robot infants or "Dumbo" with its psychedelic drug-addled nightmare sequence would win the award for the most disturbing movie ever made for children. You might say that too but you'd be wrong. Lo and behold for I bring to you: Santa Claus the most helplessly messed up family film since ... well ever. <br /><br />From the opening scenes showing children from different parts of the world singing their insipid theme songs (seriously this segment is nearly 20 freakin' minutes long and has nothing to do with the plot!) to the thrilling conclusion in which Merlin pops up from outta nowhere and saves the day (don't mind him he's from Barcelona) this is childhood trauma at its finest. And no matter how hard I try no matter how many different therapists I visit I just... can't... get... those... reindeer's...laughter...out... of... my ... head! <br /><br />Avoid this mind-bending piece of trash like you'd avoid a sex-starved whale during mating season. Still if flaming gay demons with a serious case of the overacting flu are something for you I guess you should give it a try. But really this movie isn't worth your time and mental health.
critique6535 Tokyo Eyes tells of a 17 year old Japanese girl who falls in like with a man being hunted by her big bro who is a cop. This lame flick is about 50% filler and 50% talk talk and more talk. You'll get to see the less than stellar cast of three as they talk on the bus talk and play video games talk and get a haircut talk and walk and walk and talk talk on cell phones hang out and talk etc. as you read subtitles waiting for something to happen. The thin wisp of a story is not sufficient to support a film with low end production value a meager cast and no action no romance no sex or nudity no heavy drama...just incessant yadayadayada'ing. (C-)
critique6536 The film version of 'Rising Damp' came out two years after the television series ended. Like many fans I duly went along to the cinema when it opened. I came away bitterly disappointed. Eric Chappell could not have spent very much time writing the script; most of it is rehashed ideas from old episodes. At the time of the film's release the 'Rising Damp' series was still being repeated regularly on I.T.V. so the public was being asked to pay to see something they'd seen already. At least the 'On The Buses' movies boasted original screenplays.<br /><br />Secondly Richard Beckinsale had died the year before so they eliminated the character of 'Alan' as a mark of respect substituting art student 'John' played by Christopher Strauli of 'Only When I Laugh' fame. It simply wasn't the same.<br /><br />As another poster has pointed out Rigsby's boarding house looked nothing like the one used in the series being bigger and altogether cleaner.<br /><br />Director Joe McGrath was one of the directors who worked on the original 'Casino Royale' a film steeped in surreal humour. 'Rising Damp' also has its share of 'Walter Mitty' style fantasy sequences such as the 'Saturday Night Fever' parody. Personally I found them horribly out of place. A case of 'over-egging the pudding'.<br /><br />On the plus side Leonard Rossiter is as magnificent as ever as the seedy 'Rigsby' as are Frances De La Tour as 'Ruth' and Don Warrington as 'Philip. Its just a shame the film isn't worthy of their talents.<br /><br />When Rossiter died in 1984 it was shown by I.T.V. as a tribute with its final scene - showing Rigsby laying prostrate at the foot of the stairs - removed in the interests of good taste.
critique6537 Some Plot Spoilers Ahead.<br /><br />The Nashville Network's so-called rebirth as "The First Network for Men" is a complete disappointment as was its block of adult cartoons. The new Ren and Stimpy was just plain awful "Gary the Rat" mediocre at best and "Stripperella" pretty unwatchable. This cartoon is mostly boring; if "Ren and Stimpy" suffered from gross-out overkill "Stripperella" lacked any decent shock gags funny witless gags clever gags or gags period. The concept is bad to begin with: Pamela Anderson a stripper-cum-superheroine saves "The City" from an assortment of goofy supervillains. This cartoon seems like an homage to superior wacky superhero spoofs like "Darkwing Duck" and "The Tick" but without those cartoons' wit and good writing---or even good storyboarding. "Agent 0069" tries to vacillate between being goofy and sexy but she is neither and this cartoon's failure to make her one or the other brings this series down.<br /><br />Watch your taped episodes of "The Tick" and see what a real superhero spoof cartoon is like.
critique6538 The plot has already been described by other reviewers so I will simply add that my reason for wanting to see this film was to see Gabrielle Drake in all her undoubted glory.<br /><br />Miss Drake has to be one of the sexiest prettiest examples of "posh totty" to have been committed to celluloid. Of her era and ilk only the equally exquisite Jane Asher comes close. What was it about actresses with musical brothers? (Nick Drake and Peter Asher) For those who like me have admired Gabrielle her scenes in this movie will not disappoint. She has a magnificent figure and none of it is left to the imagination here.<br /><br />As a whole the movie is very poor and being of its time very cheaply made. The song that covers the opening credits seems to go on forever and is appalling.
critique6539 In a nutshell: this is a cookie cutter romantic comedy that really WANTS and TRIES to be something more. It wants to be Harold and Maude Annie Hall The Graduate. It wants to be deep and human. It has interesting camera shots lighting music editing all of which give it the feel of an important movie. The dialog is smart -- at times. There are some "laugh out loud" moments.<br /><br />But here's what keeps it from ultimately being anything more than a formulaic late-night-cable in-flight time-killer: <br /><br />1. David Schwimmer -- how many times can Joe sad-sack puppy dog stare blankly into space with his jaw hanging open before it starts to get annoying? Maybe some drool would have helped.<br /><br />2. Gwenneth Paltrow -- she's really flat here and not just in the chest. Her role is supposed to be this lively nice caring girl who just keeps getting herself into wrong situations is very confused as a result and that is why a sad-sack loser like Schwimmer has any chance with her. But Gwenneth plays her very dull. Combine this with puppy-dog drool-face (above) and you have very little chemistry to care about.<br /><br />(I kept picturing someone else in this role -- Kate Hudson for example.) <br /><br />3. The script and the plot -- the stuff that happens just basically doesn't ring true; all the problems get wrapped up in the end with such a neat and tidy bow on top that it seems like a whistle blew and the script writers just said "oops time to wrap it up got a train to catch!" So they pulled out the Hollywood formula book checked off all the boxes and went home.
critique6540 This mini-series is actually more entertaining than some others with much bigger budgets and grander aspirations. SOTD falls somewhere between "Kung-Fu" and "H R Pufnstuff" on the entertainment spectrum. If it weren't so long (nearly 3 hours) I think that kids would like it quite a bit. It's got adventure action "cliffhanger scenes" and not too much romance or other "icky" stuff. When you're young you're not too critical of flexing rubber swords campy acting and scenes that are repeated. (At least two scenes are repeated identically in the movie just as was done in old-time serials in order to bring the audience up to speed.) Finally kids are usually more accepting of American English dialogue coming out of the mouths of Asian actors. (Not to mention the fact that several of the leading roles are played by non-Asian actors.) <br /><br />I was going to give this movie three stars but I felt like the director producers and cast deserved some extra credit for at least carrying through on the project. This movie is not art but like painting your house it actually took some time effort and discipline to get it made.<br /><br />Overall not a recommended use for your time but it might keep the kids entertained while traveling in the mini-van.<br /><br />Oh yeah...hey IMDb! "Dialogue" is the preferred and traditional spelling. Your spell-checking seems to think that "dialog" is the proper spelling. While "dialog" is acceptable both Webster's and the OED consider it an alternative form.
critique6541 Allen goes to the country (somewhere he hates going in real life) and has a weekend with his friends - which are the usual successful white middle-class bellyaching types that feature in many of his films.<br /><br />I usually find something to amuse in Woody Allen comedies but here he really falls totally flat on his face. Even the one-liners seem to have deserted him. The really is no plot (bar bits and pieces of cod Shakespeare) - but Allen seems to use the location to allow a semi-mystical air which just makes the thing even more witless and half-baked.<br /><br />It just doesn't work at any level and is just a giant bore. The best thing about this film (apart from the end credits coming up) is that the bad reviews seem to get him to wake up and realise that simply throwing together a slapdash script and casting your mates in it doesn't make for entertainment.
critique6542 Here is a rundown of a typical Rachael Ray Show:<br /><br />1. The awful theme song begins to play and Rachael descends wearing her Snapcrotch outfit in this bizarre cargo elevator. 2. She begins running around screaming and/or insulting the audience then yells at them sit down. 3. An awkward monologue.<br /><br />(The next are in any order) 4. A segment tooting Rachael's own horn (i.e. "I Lost 500 Pounds with Rach's Recipes "Rachael Ray Saved my Life" "Rachael's Fashion Tips.") 5. A totally useless D.I.Y. tip (i.e. how to engrave words into casserole dishes how to use your washing machine as a salad spinner how to build a tube of lipstick with a light on it.) 6. The unleashing of horrible recipe on the unsuspecting audience (reaction shots of first bites are never shown). 7. A celebrity guest with an awkward interview followed by some obviously scripted questions from the audience. 8. A person who gets help from one of Rachael's cronies (i.e. the I say yes to everything woman the I own nothing but overalls lady and the I can't find time to put on makeup housewife). What would they do without you Rachael. *gasp*<br /><br />Reasons that this show should be avoided like the plague: 1. Fakeness: Rachael Ray claims that entire show is unscripted. Many people who have attended tapings of the show have claimed that the entire show is scripted. Many of these same people have also mentioned that there is even a very strict dress code for the show. <br /><br />2. Her show jumps around too much: Where as Oprah who is the highest rated talk show host of all time has a definite theme for her show Rachael's jumps around like an ADHD soda child on crack. Her show averages perhaps 10 short worthless segments a show. On second you will be getting fashion tips from Kojo and the next Rachael will be making gross stuffed "Spanish" peppers with manchego cheese and the next their will be a giant anaconda up on stage and the next well you get the picture.<br /><br />3. Rachael is a poor host with bad ideas: Aside from her grating personality Rachael's hosting ability is terrible at best. Her questions for her celebrity guests are poor and often times not even relevant to the interview and her segments are unappealing and offer little educational or humorous value.<br /><br />In conclusion you need not waste your time with this schlock. It will be canceled soon anyways.
critique6543 and forget this. Completely. If you really need to see Madonna act rent "Body of Evidence" at least Willem Defoe is in that one.<br /><br />In this film while the sets are beautiful you may want to mute the dialog. You won't miss anything. Bruce Greenwood is wasted Jeanne Tripplehorn is a prop and Madonna is so awful it becomes amusing. Why they had to butcher the original film into this mess I will never know; guess they thought it was "bankable". Madonna as an actress certainly is NOT.<br /><br />If you rent the original film from 1979 though you will enjoy it and the actors in it can actually act. 1/10.
critique6544 Well the reason for seeing it in the cinema was that it was a sneak preview else I would never have seen this terrible teenage slasher movie. I mean haven't we had enough of this yet? Scream and Scary Movie at least did not take them self serious! The plot sucks and the acting is the worst I've seen. (Only Godzilla can compare which is also the only movie that competes in being the worst I've seen in the cinema with this one.)<br /><br />There is so many plot holes in the story and the girls are so alike that you don't even now who has been killed and who has not. (and you don't care.) The only of them I knew in advance was Denise and she was the most talent less actress I have ever seen in this bad excuse for a movie.<br /><br />Stay as far away from this movie as possible. (2/10)
critique6545 Disney has yet to meet a movie it couldn't make at least two sequels about. And this one was no exception to the people at Disney to give a weak story to receive a quick reward. Somehow although I did not pay to view it I feel cheapened by watching it.<br /><br />Ariel is grown up now and had a daughter. Yet doesn't allow the daughter to go into the sea because of some idle threat made by the sister of the deceased sea-witch. So here we go again.<br /><br />The daughter is tricked (of course) and helps the sea-witch. After a not-so-glorious battle she is defeated and the mermaids and humans live in harmony. Yawn.<br /><br />There is nothing to view here. Go back to your lives. "D-"
critique6546 It's like what other Dracula movies always do the minions of Dracula always on Dracula's side which is what disappointed me at the ending. Regardless the person wants to stay a vampire or not I would like to see something like in the first movie that the minion fights against her master. It is much interesting (since you can almost predict how the story goes) than just either the priest or D. win the game (we need some surprising plots!).
critique6547 The Invisible Man is a fantastic movie from 1933 a cutting edge film for it's time where objects appeared to rest on top of a man who was truly invisible. Go ahead take a look at the film you will be shocked that it was made in 1933 it was the first true special effects movie. Come 2000 computer aided special effects seem like child's play audiences are not blown away by special effects instead they are disappointed if they are not done right. The special effects in Hollow Man the update of the HG Wells story are OK but not the biggest problem with this film directed by Paul Verhoeven who you might remember from Showgirls and Total Recall. Kevin Bacon plays Sebastian Caine a scientist dabbling in the world of bio-invisibilation (yeah I know that's not a word) but of course is battling higher ups who are threatening to take away the team's funding. So as movie characters who are about to have their funding cutoff are prone to do he makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invisibilation (yeah I know I used that non-word again) process. The process has dire consequences no Caine does not die but instead becomes a horny violent creature aka a guy. Now that he's invisible Caine stalks a sexy neighbor a co-worker former girlfriend Linda (Elisabeth Shue) and the man who took away his funding. Then a funny thing happens Caine becomes a new supernatural being "The Thing That Won't Die." Laughing in the face of all things natural Caine faces down death and spits in it's face as it take what feels like hours for this creature to die dragging the ending of the movie out. The movie is silly stupid and finally laughable with the way realism is sometimes used sometimes not. There are neat possibilities in Hollow Man but of course not one of them is explored. For a more interesting look at an invisible being get ready for some good old-fashioned black and white cinema and check out the 1933 Invisible Man. Kevin Bacon will still be invisible when you come back probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano.
critique6548 OK so Mr. Agrama's company (which is involved in some dubious business with former Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi) produced a horrendous mish-mash by a Mr. Carl Macek.<br /><br />What is this horrendous mish-mash I'm talking about? Well Macek took three entirely unrelated Japanese sci-fi animated series (namely Macross Southern Cross and Mospeada) added TONS of dialogue - believing firmly that the American audience is too dumb to understand the narrative and artistic virtue of silence -  edited the whole lot heavily for violent content added some metaphysical mumbo jumbo dubbed it using some of the worst voice actors this side of acting Hell (Reba West's singing was - and still is - unbearable and a total outrage especially compared to Mrs. Mari Iijima)... And the result was an 85-episode series with hundreds of continuity problems and plot holes.<br /><br />Of course the mecha were cool to look at (especially those in the "Macross Saga") and the plot parts that remained unscathed were good. But whatever was good about Robotech was not the result of Macek's work or the "voice talents" he recruited. It was because of the toils and efforts of the (uncredited - why? would I be too bold to accuse HG of plagiarism here?) Japanese creators. Those of us who eventually got wind of the real deal and compared the originals to Robotech now wish we had never been exposed to Robotech. The originals are so much better naturally and make a lot more sense.<br /><br />Robotech however DID something worthwhile: it prompted legendary anime creator Leiji Matsumoto to start a campaign for the protection of Japanese anime creators' intellectual property from such unauthorized and uncalled-for reworkings that talentless people like Carl Macek produce.
critique6549 I watched this AFTER seeing "Death Tunnel" (this being without question the worst movie I've ever seen in my life) so you can understand I went in rolling my eyes a little at seeing the directors and producers of that cinematic gem being in charge of this one. First of all I thought the director and producer were the same guy. They both are Kid Rock meets Dawg the Bounty Hunter. I watched the TAPS investigation and I am not a skeptic- I think TAPS is the closest one will ever get to a scientific method in the field. That was cool and believable- I do believe they are haunted.<br /><br />But this like the reviewer above mentioned like taking a tour. Okay a tour fine but the "investigators" and "group leaders" seemed to make a pretty penny and have a financial investment into whether its haunted or not so when THEY have fantabulous stories I have to take it with a heaping teaspoon of salt.<br /><br />As someone else mentioned I could make out whatever they wanted me to see in the picture about 50% of the time. The rest of the time I couldn't make out anything. Also without any context to the photos- time of day type of camera moisture in the room dust particles (which 75% are what the orbs are) weather and a ga-gillion other factors I cant accept them. I also cant help thinking that some might be doctored.<br /><br />Why would that band keep the numbers from the door? Vandalism? Also during the TAPS investigation they tried to dig up the death certificates of those nurses- and they only found one which was ruled "accidental" (people didn't want to officially proclaim suicide). Yet when one of the guides was mentioning this he said "yep and its marked suicide." It really felt like the guides to the haunted houses here in October.<br /><br />I DID however like the interviews with the patients and staff from the old hospital(s) that really gave it a lot of perspective and a personal touch. I'm also glad that they mentioned that the staff had the best of intentions and weren't some ghoulish-wardens. They weren't the best methods but its all they had. They were desperate to stop the disease.
critique6550 I was glad to watch this movie free of charge as I am working in the hotel industry and this movie came lately to our movie library. Nothing against low budget movies but this movie has horrible acting and directing. How can a movie as this one ever be made. The director should be blacklisted and for all the poor actors it is for sure not a jumping board into a career. Please make sure that you'll not watch this movie the acting is lame the camera and directing awful. There are just a few more movies out there which deserve to be called the "LOW 10". Another example would be "Dracula 3000". People who make money with this movie should give it to charity so at least it serves for a good reason. <br /><br />In this case I would watch it even another 10 (or at least one more time).
critique6551 This very loose retelling of Carmen begins on a high note with a smoldering sexually-frank dance between Senaglese prisoner "Karmen" and her female prison warden but the vibrant opening minutes never ignite into any coherent film. One minute Karmen is all sexual predator the next she is dancing in protest to her unfair government and then suddenly she is a smuggler on the high seas... Although the film deserves kudos for postulating the first carnivorously bisexual "Karmen" the broad strokes it paints are so vignette-like and unsupported by any narrative coherence that the film comes off as a schizophrenic undisciplined melange of "Basic-Instinct" meets "Bound" meets an African version of a Bollywood musical.
critique6552 On the Opening night of the San Francisco Silent Film festival I was quite excited to see films that are historical and well not common. The guest speaker who opened this film created a sense of hype towards the obscurity and how this film is underrated. The sci-fi part of the film was very interesting and fantastic for its time but i'm not sure if it was due to the fact it was shown directly after the Brilliant 1928 "The Wind" or if it seemed that Russian filmmakers take after what Russian novels are famous for (hundreds of characters tangled plots) but I know for certain that the dramatic parts as in the parts on Earth made absolutely no sense were boring and I became lost within about twenty minutes. Maybe it was the acting but I found myself convinced as to why this film is "unknown and underrated": It's boring there is no plot or basic story and the acting is horrible. This certainly is no "Battleship Potemkin" however I will say that Russian films do not make a real good effort in lightning up what life in Russia is like.
critique6553 A low point in human interaction was reached by the Maysles Brothers with this film. Do remember you who used words like "masterpiece"when reviewing this film that these Maysles creeps didn't just happen to drive to the Hamptons and happen to shoot film on some eccentric people. No when they found these two poor pathetic people they then had to finance their project (and imagine what they told the money people to sell the project). Then they befriended the two extremely vulnerable women. No meeting of minds here or real consensual participation. These wretched Maysles smiled kissed ass did whatever they had to to get the Beales to cooperate and then exploited them as viciously as has ever been done. One would like to think that these hustlers had occasional thoughts of remorse and guilt. But the film-making process given the preplanning actual shooting and then editing took a lot of time and their goal had no provisions for actually relating to the Beales as human beings. An exploitation film perpetrated by the vilest of people. As time accrued their film-making reputation has been seriously stained by what they did here. Their reputation as human beings is execrable. That is what people will remember them as. Grotesque hustlers.
critique6554 I went into this movie thinking that it would be a neat football drama (in the same vein as Remember the Titans); however I came away feeling like I had just attended a Ted Haggard sermon about the Rapture. The only thing that was missing was the request for a tithe at the end of the movie. Actually one would probably get more out of a televangelist sermon than this poor excuse for entertainment. At least with the televangelist sermon there are quotes from the Scripture rather than quotes from popularist self-help pulp. The plot was entirely too predictable to the point that anyone with a long-enough attention span could have laid out the entire plot within the first 15 minutes of the movie.
critique6555 As a writing teacher there are two ending I never allow my students to use: "Then I woke up" and "Then I Got Run Over by a Truck." I am now going to add "Then I got a bump on the head." I feel it's utterly unfair to use these tricks to cover up a lack of imagination. The whole issue of transmigration could have been handled with some intelligence and craft yet in this film they either couldn't or wouldn't do that. I'm not saying it's totally worthless but it is so predictable in its progress except for the stupid ending. There are even gangsters who go to the police to get help from this guy. They should have done him in immediately. It's just a forgettable borderline horror/sci fi film with nothing new to offer.
critique6556 Mind-numbingly boring utterly predictable and in the end simply laughable. That pretty much sums up the disaster that is Indecent Proposal. Starting with a decent premise the whole thing just unravels and becomes a complete mess. Basically the story boils down to the question "would you let your wife sleep with another man for one million dollars?" Here of course the answer is yes because otherwise we wouldn't have a movie. Quite frankly we'd have been better off if we didn't have a movie.<br /><br />Our married (and financially troubled) couple are played by Woody Harrelson and Demi Moore. They go to Vegas to get rich. Yeah that'll work. Anyhow a billionaire played by Robert Redford takes a liking to the wife and makes the million dollar offer. For one night with the wife he will give them financial security. The aftermath of that one night is what the movie is really all about. Unfortunately nothing in that aftermath is the least bit entertaining. The script is so predictable you can say the characters' lines before they do. The performances leave much to be desired. Harrelson would be better off sticking to comedies as this attempt at serious acting completely misses the mark. Anguish is not something he seems capable of portraying. And it is quite safe to say that Demi Moore will never have to clear space in her home for any Academy Awards. Why is she a movie star again? In a part that should be full of emotion she conveys none. Only Redford escapes mostly unscathed. He's appropriately slimy yet suave and clearly the best actor of the bunch. But he can't save this film. Awful script lousy acting plodding pace zero entertainment...Indecent Proposal is downright awful.
critique6557 Almost as tedious to watch as it was to read Evening is a gorgeously produced failure...until Meryl Streep walks in and quietly shows her other cast members how to act this kind of stuff. Vanessa Redgrave is shockingly off in her role as the dying Ann and Claire Danes is a cipher. Perhaps if Vanessa and Claire had switched roles we could have seen the vibrancy in the young Ann that gave her entrÃƒÂ©e to the rarefied world of the story and we could have imagined that the older Ann actually was dying. <br /><br />I was hoping the addition of Michael Cunningham to the writing credits would smooth out the jumpy storytelling but alas. It gave me a headache.
critique6558 This movie was terrible. It is not something that people should have to pay to see. It looks like some Christian group made it to convert people. I don't understand why it was released to theaters and not to TV.<br /><br />It started out like an old fashioned B movie sci-fi film from the 50s but quickly changed. About 30 minutes into the movie the characters start talking about "God" and "Do you believe in Jesus?" It quickly moves into pure religion territory.<br /><br />I thought I was going to a Sci-Fi movie. The film has poor acting; bad camera angles and is amateurish.<br /><br />AVOID IT!
critique6559 I'm not going to waste my time writing an essay and waste your time. I would like to say however that all those who are uptight about this movie even being made are being totally ridiculous. Johnnymacbest you can't play that card and I mean the nationalism patriotic card to make people not watch this movie. this is a movie that expresses its free will in this country (oh yea i played that card)even though the director is German and deserves a slap on the wrist every time he reaches for a camera but the world is full of controversy and its the same thing you've heard before like the GTA controversy. It's a comedy laugh and be disgusted not disgusted all together its dark humor and obviously you don't have the heart to take it the past is past yes people remember those who were lost but its time to move on that was !!!7!!! years ago. You can still watch this movie and have good moral values. <br /><br />Besides I'm insane and who needs a soul?
critique6560 This film is about a couple that decides to take a vacation to The Everglades along with another couple and the family dog. When they first get there they are not welcomed by the neighboring gas attendant that warms them to stay away from the cabin in which they are to spend the night at for the week. After pestering with the old man three hillbillys also do not take kindly to their arrival as they approach their car and threaten them to leave. After asking some of the local dummies that can't speak or just don't want to answer they finaly find the cabin. After they settle in strange things happen to the visitors including discovering crap on their car the man thats the head of this trip thats an idiot shoots the family dog thinking it was a killer clawing at the door and a series of deaths later on in the end. Adding a church group did not make the story any better. Then at the end the idiot that survives the whole ordeal goes around the town carrying a shot gun. Lame. thats what this movie is.
critique6561 Corny and horrible I was not surprised this short lived show didn't make it. I remember fondly when Tales From the Crypt tried reusing these corny episodes like they were actually scary. Coupled with bad acting and lousy music I was surprised this crummy showed was ever conceived. It never showed up again and one can only be thankful for this circumstance.
critique6562 Average (and surprisingly tame) Fulci giallo which means it's still quite bad by normal standards but redeemed by its solid build-up and some nice touches such as a neat time twist on the issues of visions and clairvoyance.<br /><br />The genre's well-known weaknesses are in full gear: banal dialogue wooden acting illogical plot points. And the finale goes on much too long while the denouement proves to be a rather lame or shall I say: limp affair.<br /><br />Fulci's ironic handling of giallo norms is amusing though. Yellow clues wherever you look.<br /><br />3 out of 10 limping killers
critique6563 Before I begin a "little" correction: IMDb states that Richard Gere is 180 cm tall. Wrong! I passed by him 10 years ago and he can't be an ant's a** bigger than 165. I'm 183 and he looked like a child next to me.<br /><br />Should have been called "Wheatlands"; an appropriate title to complement Malick's previous (and much better) movie "Badlands". This movie shows that not all directors have as their prime objective to entertain. In fact some of them have as their main objective to show wheat in all its splendour.<br /><br />The movie is depressing and relatively uninvolving with the obligatory tragic ending. Nothing more than an average and predictable love triangle drama with the male two-thirds of the triangle not surviving the movie. Praised for its visual quality; while it does have that realistic 70s feel to it there are limits to how spellbinding wheat fields can be. You can shoot them with 1500 mm cameras for all I care but they are still wheat fields.<br /><br />Gere who at first seems miscast as some kind of lower-class factory-worker-turned-Wheatfield-worker is quite solid while Brooke Adams appears distant and cool for most of the movie making one wonder just how much she loved either of the two hunks. But for those looking for a movie that displays all the glorious colours of a field of wheat look no further: you've found your dream!<br /><br />If you're interested in reading my "biographies" of Richard Gere and other Hollywood intellectual heavyweights contact me by e-mail.
critique6564 The movie starts off as we see a footage of a huge drought back in the 30's in America. Then a short story is shown about a creepy - looking farmer Elija who made a deal with Satan  to get good harvest. Elija hired young men to work in his garden  killed them  and used as scarecrows. He also fed the ground with their blood. Some time after 2 cops come to visit him. One of them gets shot by Elija  another one kills the farmer himself... After that  the present day is shown  and some guy named Sean is told that he has an old farm left as inheritance. He decides to go there with some friends to see what's up. Little did Sean know that the next night is the "Payback Night".....<br /><br />As for me this movie had a good story for a horror flick  but low budget and poor special effects just ruined it. "Dark Harvest" is a perfect example of lazy film making. For example we see a scarecrow (a usual guy wearing a funny  cheap mask) chasing a girl. When he raises his hand we get to see a normal human skin below his glove instead of some rotting flesh. The gore is not very impressive as well. There are some nasty killings by our "lovely" scarecrows but everything is very cheap and unrealistic. Surprisingly the acting is somewhat OK in this flick  or i better say its believable. Some nude scenes are presented as well for the fans (even a lesbian scene) but those scenes don't save it.<br /><br />Verdict : Good music good story solid acting. But awful effects  cheap gore and plot holes slow this movie down. Not really recommended.
critique6565 Once in a while a movie will sweep along that stuns you draws you in awes you and in the end leaves you with a renewed belief in the human race from the artistry form. This is not it. This is an action movie that lacks convincing action. It stinks. Rent something else.
critique6566 Unhinged is one strange little film a forgotten slasher from the golden age of the genre. It's hard to really write a satisfying review of this film simply because of the fact that the film is so unique. It's plot is fairly overdone--three young women on their way to a rock concert get in a car crash and end up stranded at the mansion of an eccentric old woman and her spinster daughter. Very quickly the ladies realize something is not quite right when they hear strange breathing and noises from the attic. On top of that the mother and daughter seem to have a very very strange relationship as they quarrel intensely in front of their houseguest at dinner. The old mother even goes as far as calling her daughter a whore and slut and accuses her of sneaking guys in at night to sleep with them. Halfway through the film when one girl finally decides she better wander off to find help the killing begins. <br /><br />As far as the acting goes this film is at the bottom of the barrel. NONE of the three stranded girls can act particularly the "lead" girl. It is almost unbelievable to hear them deliver their lines in the same wooden tone throughout the film. The mother and daughter are better but not much. The film is also quite dull in parts and really really drags. The killings are gruesome but nothing we haven't seen before. However as mentioned on here the film really gains points with it brilliantly disturbing and gory ending. It comes totally from left field and has the same shock value as the ending the the camp classic "Sleepaway Camp." Unfortunately the rest of the film is a bore and suffers from horrendous acting and boring boring pacing. The isolated creepy looking mansion and the dark foreboding lighting does give the film a grainy realism but that is quickly shattered when one of the characters attempts to act. It may be worth it if you can stick it out until the end but I say you are better off just fast forwarding to the last 10 minutes. 4 out 10
critique6567 caddyshack II does NO justice for the caddysack. thin plot thin actors(exception of randy quaid). the ONLY thing that is decent with this movie is the soundtrack..maybe. this movie should have been destroyed when the script was written.
critique6568 Beating the bad guys... Again is the tag line for this movie it exposes so much truth about it.<br /><br />Home Alone one and two film classics. Home Alone three and four a good film if you're three! Like Sharkboy and Lavagirl as hard as it tries to be funny it's not. Culkin is replaced by Alex D'Linz or something else. He's a very bland actor with bland performances but it's not entirely his fault the writing called for bland vocabulary and bland expressions. The pranks are just copied from the first two with different crooks and you'd have to be blind to think those chicken pox are real. A good choice if you are a preschool teacher in which is showing this film on a rainy day. And to make things worst a totally different cast go see if you don't believe me but you'll regret it.
critique6569 You might think that a show about regular teens with superpowers would be interesting but it's far from that. Take the concept for example: the main character(s) have a big secret that they hide from they're peers. It's just like Hannah Montana and That's So Raven. Next the acting is just average. Selena Gomez seems to be half asleep through many scenes. Lastly the jokes are either clichÃƒÂ© or boring. If they're not using they're colorful yet strange dialog to make us "laugh" they are throwing various props around the room. I really wish this show would use more original and entertaining material. In conclusion Wisards of Waverly Place is a disappointment.
critique6570 Creep is the story of Kate (Potente) an intensely unlikeable bourgeois bitch that finds herself somehow sleeping through the noise of the last underground train and waking up to find herself locked in the tube station. After somehow meeting workmate and would-be rapist Guy on a mystery train that runs after the lines have closed things go awry and she finds herself pursued by what lurks beneath the city's streets. Her story is linked to that of George (Blackwood) an ex-con working in the sewer system; they meet in the final third of the film brought together by their attempts to escape the monster that pursues them.<br /><br />The pair proceed through a set of increasingly unlikely locations; from the Tube station they end up in the sewage works before somehow finding themselves in some sort of abandoned underground surgery. Most Tube stations don't have toilets so how one has a surgery is beyond me. Naturally the film cares to explain that the surgery doesn't have running water. Yet it has electricity? Just one of many inconsistencies that work against the atmosphere of everyday believability that the film tries to create.<br /><br />The monster itself is a problem. There's a complete lack of reasoning for its actions it just kills people for no obvious reason. And then of course it keeps some alive for no real reason either perhaps just so that they can eventually escape and give the film an extra 15 minutes or so running time. I understand that natural evil is supposed to be scary but then the film attempts to explain itself via a photo of a doctor and his son and a few shots of some jars containing babies and yes it is just as tired and pathetic as it sounds. It also fails to explain how the creature has been underground long enough to lose the ability to speak communicating only in raptor screams but not long enough for its pair of shorts to decay. Hmm.<br /><br />This doctor business leads to scene that is the film's desperate attempt to implant itself on your memory and while it is gory and uncomfortable to watch it just isn't enough. The final third of the film hinges on an emotional relationship that never existed and the characters break down and recover for little or no obvious reason. George breaks down unable to cope with something despite stating that he wants to escape so he can see his daughter again and Kate becomes emotionally tough seconds after going to pieces over someone that ripped her off for a travelcard. Yeah.<br /><br />After starting out as a "this could happen to anyone" movie it quickly falls apart as it introduces ideas that make it more and more unrealistic. A complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and an absence of suspense make this one to avoid.
critique6571 I'm a sucker for mob/gangland movies so I rented this movie. This movie is a complete train wreck. With all the big name actors in this film I can not believe how bad it was. It was so bad that I began laughing hysterically towards the end of the film. The actor better known as Zues or the big dude from the Ice Cube movie "Friday" does an incredible overacting job throughout the film. First thing I told Blockbuster when I returned the film was to remove this garbage from their shelves. Do not rent this movie unless you want to waste two hours of your life. If they come out with a sequel I wonder if it will be twice as bad as the first. I will be more cautious when renting so called 'mob/gangland' movies.
critique6572 When it comes to horror movies I am more than willing to suspend disbelief ignore sub-par production values and overlook plot holes in the interest of a good scare. This movies simply has no good scares to offer. It can't even be enjoyed as camp. Bad dialogue bad acting bad direction the kills were predictable and poorly staged the music was annoying the camera work was wretched even the costumes were bad. I felt really bad for the actors who were obviously trying but who had to deal with terrible contrived dialogue and an obvious lack of direction. I doubt they got any rehearsal either. It's embarrassing to watch and so boring than making it through to the contrived "surprise" ending requires tremendous endurance. It's quite easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen.<br /><br />I don't normally write reviews but this one was so bad that I felt compelled to warn others. This movie is a complete waste of time. If you must watch this movie don't miss the "Making of"-featurette. The writer/director seems to be under the impression that making the killer a woman was kind of bold daring move. (Seen it.) He and the cast spend half an hour deconstructing this film as if it's a new-age "Citizen Kane." It's like listening to a group of third-graders take you behind the scenes of their Christmas pageant. They truly think they've created something of substance. It's sad reallyÃ‚Â… The only reason I gave this movie a "2" is because I think "1" should be reserved for true atrocities like "Manos: Hands of Fate" and "Space Mutiny." So "American Nightmare" isn't the WORST movie I've ever seen but I'd have to say that it's somewhere in the bottom fifty.
critique6573 Six different couples. Six different love stories. Six different love angles. Eighty numbers of audience in the movie theater. Looking at the eighty different parts of the silver screen.<br /><br />I am sitting in somewhere between them looking at the center of the screen to find out what's going on in the movie. All stories have got no link with each other but somewhere down the line Nikhil Advani trying to show some relation between them. I tried to find out a few lines I could write as review but at the end of 3 hours 15 minutes found nothing to write. The movie is a poor copy of Hollywood blockbuster LOVE ACTUALLY.<br /><br />My suggestion. Don't watch the movie if you really want to watch a nice movie.
critique6574 First things first I am by no means a picky movie watcher. I'm not one of those people who gets movies just to pick apart the flaws and criticize I like most other people watch to be entertained. I'll basically watch any type of movie of no matter how bad anyone says it is (sometimes a movie's so terribly made and written that it invokes a sort of pity humor which i get a kick out of). With all that aside lil pimp was simply pathetic. I saw it on TV and just didn't know what I was watching. It was too poorly written and cheesy to be an adult movie and had way too much sex innuendo and swearing to be a kid's movie in fact I doubt even kids would be amused by it. The humor (pretty generous even calling it that) was so pretentious and campy I couldn't see how anyone with half a mind could even find it funny. The only thing that made me laugh was how people like Bernie mac and ludicrous could put their name and time onto/into something so hurting. Luda's character was such a cheap ploy for laughs which fell extremely short of its goal. The plot didn't make any sense whatsoever the storyline has got to be the worst sequence of events ever put together on screen. I could keep going on but I want to see what people think of my reaction before I start discussing specific instances of pathetic scenes. All I have to say is it really has to make ya wonder how much time these writers spent on their knees trying ta get it made.<br /><br />J
critique6575 This movie was produced by the biggest producer in Costa Rica. Although their authors brag about it as a the biggest movie in Costa Rica ever made and their actors even dare to say that they didn't get an Oscar Nomination due to it's political relevance with oil (-he he right) ...Well this is all a lie. This movie was supposedly based on a book written by Carlos Salazar Herrera about a love triangle (super clichÃƒÂ© soap opera-like subject) and it secondary story is about an oil problem on the Atlantic Coast of Costa Rica with an American oil company who wanted to explore oil deposits on the region but at the end it never was approved by the government. Now it may have some nice footage about the beaches but that's it; nothing bigger than that... it is all in the camera. Most of the actors are lousy except for two or three. The rest lack of sense of what acting means: they overact most of the time. The story is completely common and clichÃƒÂ© worthy of a cheap Mexican soap opera as I said.. because the crew advertised it as a protest movie about oil but 80% of the movie is based on a stupid love triangle. The script is nothing impressing it is very simple and the dialogs are not very thought. It has also got some editing problem on a couple of scene changes... but besides that is pretty decent. The director did an alright job I mean he is not like an Oliver Stonebut he did his job with the resources he had handy. I would like to question him why instead of using Costarican actor he spent most of the money on foreign ones.. I mean after all they bragged about being an 100% Costarican Production... that's what you at least expect. Final the end is is not well done there are flaws and details that don't match or are useless. Besides being the most elaborated movie in all Costarican history I think it's mediocre. You can make way more interesting and better pictures with less cash. Never heard of "Pi"? Anyway if you are curious about Costa Rican or Central American movies this one will do but you are definitively not missing anything.
critique6576 Sure I like some indie films. A lot actually. I don't always understand them and that's okay. Not all of them were meant to be understood especially by mainly main-stream people like me. I'm probably showing my ignorance but I'm still puzzled why 'Book of Revelation' is called that. I love those end-of-world stories and the only thing I could see similar to the end of the world and this film was the torture it took to get through this. I'm not talking about the subject matter; perhaps I've been subdued from all the other torture/porn I've seen. It was just the incredibly slow story one hour 15 minute material stretched for nearly two hours. (Major spoilers lie ahead) Hetero-man dancer gets abducted seduced and raped six ways from Sunday or in this case 12 days by three hooded women. Upon his release after his somewhat distraught dancer/girlfriend barely flinches (other than dropping a glass) after wondering which she missed more: him or the cigarettes she originally sent him for upon abduction. Still in a state of reasonable shock he refuses to talk and she goes on to work without so much a hug as if nothing happened and he takes a well needed shower. Problem. As much as he's tormented through the flashbacks to his uh "attacks" he's as equally aroused. Granted I haven't been bound and used as a plaything but I doubt I would really "be in the mood." Oh I forgot and how does he try and solve this crime? Sleep with as many women as he can to try and spot the birthmarks or tats the criminals had. I see where they're going with it Ã‚Â– show a gang rape from the male POV. Fine twist notwithstanding you could never feel for this guy. Only saving grace was the good acting of the LifetimeTV Dancer/Cancer Instructor. But even she couldn't save the film.
critique6577 I just wondering what is the purpose of making movies like this? the profit? and to whom they are referring what intelligence must use your brain to watch something like this crap? This movie is watchable by under 3 years old children if you are adults don't try to watch it. Thats the reason i think Hollywood started to use cartoons in movies with actors like this you must forget the art of cinema  be sure that you ll have tons of pop corn to consume for time to pass till this movie ends also get many cola's hamburgers your laptop your cellphone this movie can be used easily in a restaurant but for sure not in a theater  my dog who is always next to my family when watching a movie left the building.The sure thing is that this movie is referring to people with no demands from the cinema art.The only thing that this movie can be used is for watching it when making the supermarket shopping list.I am giving 2 stars for supporting the India's cinema efforts but for nothing more or less..
critique6578 The great Yul Brynner who won an 'Oscar' and who has starred blockbusters such as 'The Ten Commandments' among lots of others ended his remarkable career with cheap backlot movies such as this one 'Sartana' and such. Regretable indeed. One should take pity on seeing him making his very best to make this idiotic thing stand. Gone were the days when he was surrounded by Steve McQueen James Coburn Charles Bronson Eli Wallach in 'The Magnificent Seven' and walked around under the famous Elmer Bernstein soundtrack. It's difficult to make a living out of being an actor sometimes.
critique6579 This 22 minute short short of a precursor to the later much better "Rock and Rule" features two folk singer mice who are going nowhere. The female mouse Jan signs a deal with the devil to become a hit rock star. So it's up to Daniel Mouse to save her soul. Made in the late '70's this has all the trappings of said decade (crap music crap clothing and hair style awful folk tunes) This cartoon is featured on the Second disc of the 2-Disk Collector's Edition of "Rock and Rule" it also comes with a Making of that runs almost as long as the show itself.<br /><br />My Grade: D+
critique6580 I thought I'd be locked away in a padded cell and they'd throw away the key (Thus is a paraphrased snatch of dialogue from "State of Mind".<br /><br />One wonders in what tangled forest Paula Milne and her co-writer found the magic mushrooms they must have eaten to create this feeble "whodunnit" and bring such rubbish to our screens. A padded cell should indeed be left available.<br /><br />Niamh Cusack did her best (as did the other actors) but surely her talent deserves a better vehicle than this. The height of absurdity has been reached and this particular "State of Mind" is best buried and forgotten and certainly not just "placed in a box and locked away in a drawer".
critique6581 As if the world needed another Seagal movie. Add a bunch of actors who well... are not really actors a bunch of heavy metal music to compliment the rap and of course a hot looking crazy chick in leather with no hips and we prevent ourselves from being half past budget. Why oh why do people sabotage themselves by participating in such films?<br /><br />FBI capture two buddies and send them to "New Alcatraz" where the prison's first inmate to be executed has unexpected guests.<br /><br />First rate acting all around particularly any scene involving tragedy for the good guys. Seriously though the director did try and pulled a modern hard edge for the movie the best he could. Be he went to the well too often and HALF PAST DEAD gets boring too soon. What else can you do when the inmates just hang around talking while the hostages continually ask what makes the main bad guy motivated? A mindless action flick that amounts to little if not "a-ight."
critique6582 When I saw that this movie was being shown on TV I was really looking forward to it. I grew up in the 1980's and like everyone else who has grown up in that era have seen every 80's teen and summer camp movie out there. So I couldn't wait to see this movie that totally spoofs that film genre. What a disappointment!! The movie was nothing but a bunch of really bad jokes and gags over and over with hardly any plot and no substance. And the filmmakers attempts at dark humor totally failed-some of these so-called jokes didn't come across as anything but downright cruel and offensive. The only good things about this film were the wardrobe music and acting. It was nice to go on a nostalgia trip and see all of the summer clothing styles from the 80's and the same goes for the music. And the acting was top-notch throughout: almost all of Hollywood's best comedians were present. Too bad they didn't have better material to work with.
critique6583 Well what can I say there are B-Grade Movies and there are B-Grade Movies and this definitely falls into the latter. However since it's obvious that even the makers of the film know that it's not a credible movie (take a look at the closing credits) it can be forgiven.<br /><br />The plot is basically a convicted psycho killer is killed. He accidentally has his genetic material mixed up with some experimental acid that get combined and then lost in the snow. The killer now takes on the form of a snowman - if you can believe that. The snowman Jack Frost is after the country town Sherif who put him behind bars. In doing so Jack Frost ends up killing half the town.<br /><br />This movie lacks any real scares and the effects alone remind me of the B-Grade movies of the 50's. This alone makes it worth watching for a laugh. A movie to pass the time away.
critique6584 Why do I constantly do this to myself? I mean really it's right there in the title - "The Incredible Melting Man". What else would I expect? I have to admit I'm a sucker for just about anything I come across on the Monster HD channel but the only redeeming feature of this picture would be that truly grotesque makeup job by the legendary Rick Baker. As for creepy I'll give the nod to that horny old geezer couple sucking on lemons just before lights out. Now they were truly scary.<br /><br />Something I could never figure out in horror flicks was why a monster's victims wouldn't simply just run away when faced with virtual annihilation. Like the chick in the cabin. You know there was a door completely visible right there in the kitchen that she could have run right out of at any time. Incredible Steve-O couldn't muster much more than a brisk walk so why not just blow right by him? I don't know maybe I'm missing something. <br /><br />This flick had some of the feel of a 'Tales From The Crypt' episode but 'Tales' usually had a cool or grotesque twist which often times you didn't see coming. This was one picture that you couldn't quite get a handle on coming OR going. For example in an early scene you can clearly make out that Melting Man's eyeball fell out of his head so how did he manage to get around for the rest of the story? I guess we're not supposed to ask.<br /><br />At eighty four minutes this picture was about an hour and a half too long. When it was all over I was ready to take up General Perry on his earlier suggestion - "I could really use a drink about now".
critique6585 Everybody knows that Gregory Widen's original "The Prophecy" didn't really require a sequel but you also don't need a degree in rocket science hanging above your chimney to realize that further cash-ins on this profitable horror concept were inevitable. Part two is a very prototypic example of a straight-to-video sequel meaning the creative and convoluted plot of the original has been simplified a lot in favor of more action more witty one-liners and a lot more eerie religious scenery. The only good news is that the producers managed to keep Christopher Walken for the role of Gabriel and he delivers another gloriously brazen performance that promptly justifies the price of a rental. If it wasn't for Walken's performance (and perhaps a couple of players in the supportive cast like Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig) "The Prophecy II" surely would have disappeared into oblivion straight after its release. The movie begins with Gabriel literally getting spat out of hell to proceed with his ongoing War of Heaven here on earth. The purpose of his battle this time is to prevent the baby of nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals) from getting born. For you see her unborn child is the first ever hybrid between a heavenly angel and an earthly "monkey" and the birth of such a superior being would imply the downfall of Gabriel's evil dominion. Thus just as in the first movie he engages a suicidal accomplice to assist him and hunts Valerie all the way down to the Eden for the final showdown. "The Prophecy II" is an endurable and occasionally even entertaining movie as long as you don't make comparisons with the original and as long as you manage to overlook the multiple plot holes and errors in continuity. Whenever the storyline becomes too tedious the makers luckily enough always insert a near-brilliant Christopher Walken moment to distract you. His interactions with the rebellious Izzy and particularly his ignorance regarding modern earthly technologies often result in worthwhile and memorable sequences. On a slightly off-topic note I often felt like "The Prophecy II" ambitions to look similar to "Terminator II" Ã‚Â… Gabriel's resurrection looked somewhat like the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg and the Eden location where the final battle takes place looks very similar to the steel factory where "Terminator II" ended as well. Coincidence I guess? Overall this is an inferior and passable sequel but still worth checking out in case you're a fan of Christopher Walken's unique acting charisma (and who isn't?).
critique6586 I am not afraid of bad movies. I like bad movies. I enjoy mocking them in the company of my friends. We're all quite good at it in fact. That being said let me tell you how much I hated this movie.<br /><br />To begin with it was incomprehensible. Rob Lowe attacks some people they capture him but he escapes in this big ol' shoot out. There's this singer whom we think died only she didn't unless maybe there are several of them who all act and look the same. Cue Burt Reynolds to come in and question the singer. He looks like he's just wandered into this movie off of the Walker Texas Ranger set and is darn confused. Then Rob Lowe dies only he doesn't... And the worst thing is there's not enough dialogue or action that doesn't involve killing people or attempting to to even make fun of this movie!! And don't even get me started on the random chihuahua. Then there was the fact that it was supposed to be about the old power structure in Eastern-Europe falling apart. We didn't know where we were all the accents were apparently "Eastern-European" and what were Burt Reynolds and Rob Lowe doing there in the first place?<br /><br />I desperately wanted to tell the people at Blockbuster what I thought of this movie and to get my money back but since I'd gotten it as a special (only $.99) I decided against it. What I want to know however is HOW THE DIRECTOR GOT THE GREENLIGHT to make this darn movie and what the 'stars' were thinking when they signed on???
critique6587 I was a teenager when this first appeared in theaters and I saw it in Japan. The film's plot wasn't my cup of tea as a high school sophomore but I went to see it for the 3-D process. It had been ballyhooed in the press so that even service personnel overseas had heard of it though it never screened at the Post theater.<br /><br />The film started the trend of throwing objects at the audience which was taken to absurd levels with later 3-D films.<br /><br />I don't know whether this qualifies as a spoiler but you've been warned if it is. In many films of the time actors would often work in front of a "rear projection screen" where backgrounds could be projected to make it appear that they were in a different environment such as a jungle background when the actors were actually on a sound stage. This works well on regular films but when seen in 3-D they look like a flat scene behind the actors. There were several scenes in the film where rear projection was used and it didn't work well in the theaters. If seen in 3-D it will constitute another disappointment.<br /><br />The film's only importance is historical since it was the first of its kind.
critique6588 Now I'm one to watch movies that got poor reviews and say "Hmm... this isn't so bad!" I loved The Cable Guy and thought that My Big Fat Independent Movie was great. Keep in mind I really didn't start watching this with high hopes but I figured that maybe... just maybe... it would be bad in a kind of way I could laugh at it. I was wrong. At no point at all during my suffering through this "film" (And I use that term sparingly) was I even close to being mildly entertained. To start Shaq makes Quentin Tarantino look like Marlon Brando when it comes to acting. I hate rap music but as far as I could tell an Amish priest would probably make a better rapper than him. The main character is simply annoying and not a character that it's easy to like. Quite frankly I would rather eat a greasy turd out of a Harlequin fetus' bloody sores than watch this again.
critique6589 Beyond a shadow of a doubt Mysterious Planet is one of the worst movies ever made yet retains an affection in my heart because the poverty of its special effects and astoundingly awful sound track in the first 15 minutes (and to be honest that's all you need to see) combine to create something that is hilariously side-splitting.<br /><br />The opening scene in 'space' is just about as unfathomable as cinematography gets as washing-up liquid bottles whiz past your eyes to muffled dialogue. Before you've had time to work out whether it's you who's gone mad the credits roll and the action struggles to life.<br /><br />And aside from the double-headed plasticine giant snail that terrorises our heroes you also get the added double bonus of having both the original actors voices AND the dubbed voices at the same time. Pure genius.<br /><br />The sad thing for fans of this kind of fare is that I've only ever seen one copy so the chances of ever seeing it yourself is highly unlikely. Perhaps I own the only copy in existence.<br /><br />
critique6590 I wouldn't say this is a *bad* movie. Unfortunately for me I get the feeling that the more you know about fencing the worse it gets simply due to the fact that it becomes totally unrealistic. I've been fencing since i was 14 years old and this movie portrays it very poorly. F. Murray Abraham is good (and appears to have some fencing background) but most of the other actors--especially the students--just seem to be lost.
critique6591 Humphrey Bogart clearly did not want to be in this film and be forced to play a part-Mexican or he would have been suspended. Believe me  he made the wrong choice! Presumably after the success of "Dodge City" Warners tried a follow-up with Errol Flynn and his usual list of buddies like Alan Hale Guinn (Big Boy) Williams Frank Mc Hugh and the ever-present John Litel but they made the huge mistake of trying to present Miriam Hopkins as a love interest for Flynn v. Randolph Scott and as a singer to really make things bad because she proved one thing and that is she cannot sing. The story was not too bad but with Bogie clearly miscast also it turned out to be a poor Western that was overlong and on a low budget but in fairness color would not have helped.
critique6592 I'm really not too sure why people are being so complimentary about this odd movie. Having said that - I did actually sit through the entire 2 hours and can't say it wasn't entirely un-entertaining.<br /><br />I think the key problem is that Frank Marshall is not a true director and this is clear in the film - he is an experienced producer so will have seen a movie made many a time and will understand what goes into the process. But I think this is quite different to being able to truly direct a movie - the direction was competent but somehow flat and direction-less. Marshall has more experience as a unit or second director and this came through I feel in the finished product - it appeared to be a group of sets that failed to really have any continuity in its feel or its character.<br /><br />Fun watchable but good? No.
critique6593 Greenaway's films pose as clever erudite and innovative. Yet his style and grammar originate and remind viewers of films made in the World War 1 era of film-making: the frame composition use of mid-shot the static camera. It may be well to rub against mainstream movies with this style but it is not new. Perhaps like that other "innovator" TS Eliot he draws more from the past than in looking forward as an authentic innovator would or could.<br /><br />Yet Greenaway's biggest failing is that he cannot write. His dialog and even plot structure is mechanical and logical but without the vitality of another dramatic logician Brecht. Where this weakness is most apparent is in his humor which is poised and logical so the joke is dead before it's delivered. The result is tedium: if it's not funny it has failed: ask a stand-up comedian to justify their act if the audience doesn't respond. Perhaps the well-read director could learn something from Freud on humor.<br /><br />Finally like Woody Allen Greenaway has manipulated his actors over the years to work like clones. They speak the lines with a bored smug air like narcissistic adolescents.<br /><br />This film despite its design and lighting is meretricious.
critique6594 Although Casper van Dien and Michael Rooker are generally relegated to B movies even they are above this movie. It fails to convey even the slightest sense of excitement fear or dread -- unless you count the dread of sitting through the rest of this garbage. The direction is amateurish with annoying cuts and jerky movement that hides the fact that the killer is no where near the victims when he attacks. And what a killer he is: a cheap skull mask and a black hood. I liked him better when he was fighting He-Man. This is one of the laziest jobs of character design I've ever seen. I mean it's Skeletor! And he's on a horse! This is supposed to be some scary supernatural creature? How are we supposed to take this seriously? All we get is scenes of this dude riding around the woods on his horse -- which he can barely stay on -- interspersed with scenes of soldiers shooting randomly into the woods thinking they can shoot a ghost. Occasionally Skeletor will shoot someone with an arrow or ride by and stab someone revealing how corny the effects really are. I generally enjoy Sci Fi channel fare on a basic cheese level but this film is too inept for any level of enjoyment. Where's Dolph Lundgren when you need him???
critique6595 The plot was not good.<br /><br />The special effects weren't.<br /><br />The acting was... not very good at all.<br /><br />Like others I felt there were numerous holes in the plot that you could fly well a space shuttle through.<br /><br />I thought the ending was rather unbelievable.<br /><br />By the way guys about the "blow torch in space".<br /><br />Blow torches have their own supply of oxygen (Hence the name "Oxy-Acetylene torch"). Two hoses run from the torch: One to an acetylene bottle and one to an oxygen bottle.<br /><br />So a "blow torch" would work just fine in space.
critique6596 In an otherwise good review loleralacartelort7890 says "The truth is that the Americans use a secret aluminum-anti-radiation-alloy. It is not that well-known. And the exact specifications are a secret. And why is it a secret: Well why should they reveal it back then?? If they where in a space race with the Russians then it would be VERY dumb to reveal that they had new technology that could shield crew against radiation." This is completely incorrect. There is (and was) no "secret" to radiation protection in Apollo. The design and construction of the Apollo Command Module has long been publicly available. It uses a lightweight "honeycomb" of aluminum and stainless steel. The entire outer surface (except the windows of course) is covered with a heat shield made of a phenolic resin thicker on the bottom that faces forward during re-entry. These materials are actually *better* at stopping the kind of radiation we have in space (charged particles) than lead which is better suited to stopping ionizing photons like X-rays and gamma rays.<br /><br />Space radiation is a definite problem for *long term* space flight because of the risk of big solar flares. But it simply wasn't a serious threat to the Apollo astronauts. The Command Module gave them pretty good protection during their brief (1/2 hour or so) passage through the Van Allen belts. They all carried dosimeters so we know exactly how much radiation they each received: no more than 1.5 rem and usually much less. Of the 24 men who flew to the Moon (12 of whom landed) 18 are still alive. Only two have died from cancer: Alan Shepard (leukemia) and Jack Swigert (bone cancer). The rest died from heart attacks pancreatitis (Roosa) and a motorcycle accident (Conrad). These are actually pretty good statistics for a group of men now in their late 70s (Shepard would be 86).
critique6597 The New Twenty is one of the worst films I have ever seen. Yes some may argue that formulaic small budget films that strive for less may seem worse but I would argue that a pseudo-intellectual anti-formulaic "indie" film that pretends to be more is worse. <br /><br />"The New Twenty" was written and directed by Chris Mason Johnson and I will never get back the 91 minutes of my life that I wasted on his film.<br /><br />THE SCREENPLAY & CHARACTERS<br /><br />From beginning to end the screenplay failed to provide an anti-hero or hero with a moral core that the audience would want to see succeed or fail. <br /><br />In story telling the three dramatic conflicts are man vs. man man vs. the world and man vs. himself. <br /><br />The screenplay focuses on a group of college friends in New York and is preoccupied with the dynamic of man vs. himself where each of the film's characters are so self-absorbed in a stupor of depression and self-destructive behavior that the movie atrophies before the audiences very eyes. <br /><br />Each of the main characters indulge in unexplained bad behavior (heroin addiction with no history as to why the character is an addict; a fiancÃƒÂ©e who has sex with her fiancÃƒÂ©e's boss/investor even though the character is written too smart to have sex with such a sleazy character; a man who begins as a decent guy but is attracted to a foul-mouthed investor and converts for some unknown reason into a similar foul-mouthed business jackass; a closeted chubby gay cyber geek who does nothing but find dates online; and a gay Asian man who dates an HIV positive older man but has no scenes establishing why the relationship works and why love develops).<br /><br />Crucial scenes establishing the cause of the character's addiction the suffering and self- loathing of the fiancÃƒÂ©e that might explain why she would sleep with a sleaze bag; the back story that would explain why a decent guy would be attracted to a "Gordon Gecko" type character and become a jackass; a story line for the chubby cyber geek; and more scenes of interaction between the Asian man and HIV positive boyfriend are all missing.<br /><br />Without proper establishing details all of the characters' actions seem forced and contrived.<br /><br />DIRECTION CINEMATOGRAPHY & SCORE<br /><br />I found Mr. Johnson's direction to be without a clear point of view leaving the actors emotionally incoherent. <br /><br />The cinematography can be described as mundane at best. Mr. Johnson selected small spaces to shoot and failed to catch the grandeur of New York City. This failure created a claustrophobic film that viewed like the filming of a stage play and not a film.<br /><br />The score was embarrassingly absent from most of the film. I assume that Mr. Johnson is to blame since he could have asked for full score to enhance understanding in each shot.<br /><br />CONCLUSION<br /><br />"The New Twenty" is an annoying and unmitigated failure in film-making.
critique6598 This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad. I really lost it with those out of the blue not so "special effect". Guys If you're an insomniac go with your girl to see this movie. I give it three sleepies!
critique6599 Phoned work sick - watched this in bed and it was so awful I would have went back to work if I could have gotten out of bed. The dog ran off with the remote so I was stuck.<br /><br />I'm positive Hammer was grooming the eldest daughter to become his beeeatch.<br /><br />Horrendous to watch - made me vomit more than what I was doing anyway. So there you have it - this would be the film that they play in the waiting room of Hell before you go in. Or maybe your stuck in the film for all eternity with the Hart kids. Just remember to take a gun with you....
critique6600 I love Jane Austen's stories. I've only read two of them (P&P and S&S) but after having seen this adaption I'm reaching for "Persuasion" from my bookcase just to make sense out of the story and also because I refusing to believe Jane Austen could have written such nonsense. For me I thought that if you base a film on a Jane Austen novel you can't really go wrong. It will turn out great pretty much by default. I was wrong.<br /><br />First of all where are the characters that you sympathise with and like? You have to have at least one likable character to get the audience to invest their emotions in them and this did not deliver. Sure I wanted Anne and Wentworth to get together but only because that's what you know the purpose of the story is them getting together. Instead I had to resist urges to throw my teacup at the TV and to continue watching it to the end.<br /><br />Anne was utterly annoying throughout and in the end I really have no idea why Wentworth was so smitten by her as there seemed to be nothing there for him to be attracted to. She was meek bland dull socially inadequate and came across like a sheep following everyone else's instructions rather than having a mind of her own. This can still work for a lead character if you do it well. This wasn't done well.<br /><br />The other characters were just displaying various degrees of narcissism of which Mary was the worst with a full-blown narcissistic personality disorder. Where Mrs. Bennet in P&P had similar flaws she was still endearing whereas Mary was more of a freak-show. More loathsome than funny.<br /><br />Wentworth was very handsome and seemed like a decent kind of guy. For the most part of the story I was just wondering what kind of person he was and why he's in love with Anne as surely he's the kind of guy who would want a person who is a little bit more... alive? Acting-wise not too much to say as I reacted more to the characters being portrayed rather than how good/bad the people acting were. Anthony Head was excellent but as soon as I saw he was in it I expected no less.<br /><br />Also found the story very confusing. It wasn't until the end of the movie where it seemed as if Elizabeth was not Anne's stepmother but in fact a sister (I'm still not 100% on that). The whole Anne/Wentworth back story was also a bit fuzzy. They had been together but then broke up and they're both bitter about it? How come? I was wondering this for quite some time and the explanation seemed to be she dumped him because she was persuaded to do so by someone? But it was said in a kind of "by the by" way that it was almost missed as if it was somehow unimportant. How can it be unimportant when it's the very core of the story?? There was also a lot of name-dropping but no real feel for who the characters were. This Louisa person for instance who was she? A friend? Family? What? It wasn't made very clear who the different characters are and their relationship with one another. Lady Russell was there a lot but why? Mrs. Croft and Wentworth were brother and sister which felt very unrealistic as Mrs. Croft looked old enough to be his mother.<br /><br />The final kiss yes it was a bit strange them kissing in the street but I didn't really think about it because I was too busy yelling "GET ON WITH IT ALREADY!!" at the TV because Anne's lips trembled and trembled and trembled for what felt like ages before they actually met Wentworth's. Have SOME hesitation there but only for a couple of seconds or so not half a minute.<br /><br />Then there's the issue of camera work. As a regular movie watcher you don't pay attention to angles and such unless you decide to look out for it. I didn't decide to do so here but I still noticed them. To me that means the filmmakers are not doing a good job. A lot of conversations were with extreme facial closeups something that should only be used when there's a really important point to be made. In this adaption it was over-used and therefore lacked meaning. The hand-held feeling on occasion also didn't really work in a period drama. The camera work in the running scene in the end also felt too contemporary. (Not to mention the running itself.) This was the only Austen adaption I caught in ITV's Austen season. Makes me wonder if it's worth watching "Northanger Abbey" and "Mansfield Park" or if I should just read the books and leave it at that. I'm sad to say this is a Jane Austen adaption I did not enjoy. Maybe I'll watch the 1995 version instead. The BBC are renowned for having done beautiful Austen adaptations before after all.
critique6601 There is a word for this sort of film and that word is "drivel." It was drivel when it was a VHS rental and it's drivel on satellite re-runs now.<br /><br />It might fool you because it has 2 moderately well-known names in Kistofferson and Henriksen reasonable soundtrack music and nice Monument Valley scenery.<br /><br />It also has some curly haired woman who fights a lot.<br /><br />If that's all you want from a movie then maybe this will keep you happy.<br /><br />It's still drivel though.
critique6602 The Crush is a pleasant enough 40-something friends romantic chick flick for the first two-thirds or so as it tries to be a Brit "Sex and the City". <br /><br />I particularly enjoyed the turn-around of the trophy young hunk whose character is not much fleshed out (come to think of it we didn't see all that much physical flesh of him either and Kenny Doughty is worth seeing more of). <br /><br />They sure make a lot more deal of young man/older woman than was made of the opposite in either version of "Sabrina" (neither movie do I like) or for that matter with the Douglas/Zeta-Jones or Dion/Svengali nuptials.<br /><br />Surrounding Andie MacDowell as an ex pat otherwise are welcome familiars from Brit dramas and comedies such as tart-tongued Anna Chancellor. <br /><br />The plot twists towards the end feel very deus ex machina. But it wasn't until the credits came up at the end that I realized what might really be wrong. Just as with "Sex and the City" the writer/director is male here first-timer Scot John McKay and I think he really wanted to do a script about three gay men probably about them coming out in relation to their lovers and at work (the characters are a school principal a cop and a doctor) which would have been a better and more interesting movie. The working title for the film was "The Sad F*cker's Club" which would have made its parallels with the gay "Broken Hearts Club" even more obvious.<br /><br />(originally written 4/6/2002)
critique6603 Wow this movie sucked big time. I heard this movie expresses the meaning of friendship very well. And with all the internet hype on this movie I figured what could go wrong? However the movie was just plain bad. It was boring and the character development was never there. Space Travelers was also a horrible movie if you didn't like that movie there is no way you will like this.
critique6604 Yeah. Pretty sure I saw this movie years ago when it was about the Supremes.<br /><br />Another recycled storyline glitzed up Hollywood-style borrowing scripts from better making-it-in-the-music-industry films.<br /><br />Nothing original here.<br /><br />More make-up glammier costumes and choreography = more money for the questionably "talented" Beyonce draw.<br /><br />If you like the throwback style you should appreciate actual groups who struggled (without having digitized voices and a Hollywood empire).<br /><br />Beyonce's involvement makes this hypocritical garbage.
critique6605 This was on TV last night. I painfully forced my way through it and barely made it through. First of all except for Leroy Hilary and possibly Coco NONE of the other students we are supposed to care about have any discernible talent. It's like HSPA had no standards just sign on the dotted line and you're in. <br /><br />The story lines were grating and obvious. Doris was just impossibly awful. The gay guy was such a thrown away clichÃƒÂ© (funny how that school had only one gay guy right...) I liked the Leroy character but calling your teacher an obscenity and then vandalizing the school should have sent Leroy packing. Lisa looks like she'd rather be anywhere else and since she wasn't any talent I wonder why they kept her. <br /><br />I would have rated this one star (awful) but the music wasn't that bad and I did like the premise. It just would have worked much better if the students had been attractive and actually had some talent.
critique6606 It's just a bad film.Not as bad as R.I.C.C.O. but bad.It got me hooked at the beginging then totally lost me after that.The acting was way off then on then going way way way off.Do not see this movie at all costsTRUST ME WITH ALL MY HEART!!!!The directors who are brothers are not the next HUGHES BROTHERSwho made really great films like DEAD PRESIDENTSFROM HELLAMERICAN PIMPand MENACE II SOCIETY.The only person who made me watch this was the acting of Paris Campbellwho will be a great actor one day if he makes better films than this.Christina Caparoula also did a nice job for what she got.I hope THE FITTEST is 10 times better than this piece of crap!
critique6607 I am a big fan of low budget horror movies like this but come on! This has to be the worst piece of monkey S@#t I have ever seen! I ignored the reviews posted on this site figuring that it would fall into my taste in horror but I got bored and turned it off.Let's see:<br /><br />The wardrobe: Consisted of cheap cameo outfits and painters outfits from home depot. The masks were made from what looks like tin foil. <br /><br />The Gore: The Gore was pretty good I must give it that. But Ittenbach's Burning moon was better for a low budget movie. <br /><br />Acting: Was horrible! I didn't mind the dubbing. I find this humorous like in Ittenbach's "Premutos" (great movie). The fighting and action sequences were pi$$ poor.<br /><br />Bottom line: Don't watch any of Schnaas's movies. There are much better directors like Jorg Buttergeit and Olaf Ittenbach with movies of the same gore and subject matter. Check Premutos House of blood Schramm and the nekromantiks.
critique6608 I'm not sure what Diane Silver was thinking when she was making this movie but it obviously had nothing to do with Richard Wright's novel which the movie is based on.<br /><br />We read the novel this past summer for AP English 12 and just watched the film. During periodic note-taking and checking of the clock I contemplated the chances of being struck by lightning. Of course the sky was completely clear and I was forced to watch the rest of the movie... and then write a 5-paragraph essay on it.<br /><br />Wright's novel discussed very real themes of the mind of a killer and the psychology behind it. Silver's movie turned a murderer into a victim which is NOT what Wright wanted (see: "How Bigger was Born" 454).<br /><br />I'm going to make this short and sweet: if you want to leave your consciousness in Raphael Lambert's words unsullied skip the movie and read the book. The 1986 adaptation is not thought-provoking material.<br /><br />... ::sigh:: Now I have to write the essay.
critique6609 We went into this movie because my husband had enjoyed the original version of `My favourite Martian'. We had our 6 year old daughter with us. She wanted to leave halfway through the movie which was fine with both her parents! The parts we did see were only occasionally humorous mostly either too silly or gross. I would expect that this movie might appeal to kids between 9-12 if that. It's definitely not suited for younger children. From what I've heard the original series was by far superior and if you are going to "relive the past" you'll probably be disappointed.
critique6610 I realize the line on my summary is not too polite.<br /><br />This film written & directed by Scott Caan & starring Giovanni RibisiDon Cheadle & himself runs a long 88 minutes.<br /><br />There is a dog in this puppy of a movie. he is cute.<br /><br />The movie opened in 2 U.S. theatres in late April 2007for one week & grossed all of $ 914. It quickly went to DVD in early August 2007.<br /><br />We were only able to take about 40 minutes before we turned the DVD off.<br /><br />This was the type of movie that played on lower half of double bill. You saw the main film & figured lets see what this one is like You might have walked out before we shut it off.<br /><br />The 3 actors & the young ladies in the film all have done & deserve better than this..<br /><br />Ratings: ** (out of 4) 54 points (out of 100) IMDb 4 (out of 10_
critique6611 First of all really Kim Basinger? Your rich banker husband leaves you alone in your beautiful most likely paid in cash for home and you can't even put on a decent shirt? I'm a woman and yes I'm going to come right out say it--clean something starting with your hair. And while you're at it it's Christmas Eve. Buy your kids some presents...or at least a Christmas tree. Don't drive 40 minutes to the crowded mall park your car 3 miles away and cry about it the whole walk in and simply buy wrapping paper. Also the next time you decide to leave someone a nasty note don't sign your name. I refuse to feel sorry for Della. Obviously due to the fact that Kim Basinger is this masterpiece's executive producer she wants you to feel bad for the poor white blond woman. We get it. Alec Baldwin is a jerk but seriously don't model horrible films after your own life. Also you're in you 50s. You definitely wouldn't have 8 year old twins. AND THOSE NAMES? Terry and Tammy. Way to let your kids grow up with any decent chance of ever respecting themselves. It's also pretty fantastic to hear the characters in the film constantly call her beautiful or refer to her as a "girl"...obviously Ms. Basinger had some say about what goes in the script. It's also pretty awesome how none of the criminals can fight back. Apparently Della's magical ninja skills are impossible to beat. Her driving skills are pretty nifty too. This film is so clichÃƒÂ© it hurts. Wahhhhh! They spelled your name wrong on the tea cup. Or your husband put a hole in the wall but all you can think about is buying nail polish when you're at the mall instead of maybe some plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school with bought the teddy you were looking at. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to take off that BRIGHT trench coat while running through the woods screaming and breaking everything in her path proves my point--this woman is a moron. Who thinks to grab the toolbox out of the car but not their purse full of identifying artifacts such as your ADDRESS. I have never wanted the "bad guys" to succeed as much as when I watched this film. And did anyone else happen to catch the "African American" shirt the black guy was sporting? Oh yes rewind and feast your eyes on perhaps the most racially stereotypical prop in a film yet. Don't waste and hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead go do what Della couldn't figure out how to do...take care of your kids and maybe brush your hair. That powerful ballad at the end though was pretty impressive. Singing "I'll Be Home For Christmas" in the rain while your bloody arm clings oh so tightly to your wrapping paper is about as emotional as it gets. Thanks Della!
critique6612 along the history of cinema there's been a few films that deceived the viewer such as hitchcock's "stage fright" alejandro amenÃƒÂ¡bar's "abre los ojos" David fincher's "the game" and this one "ausentes" ("absent"). to begin with i don't like this kind of films i feel like somebody is trying to pull my leg.<br /><br />furthermore after seeing this film one doesn't know what happened is such a confusing film. kubrick's "the shining" may be a better or a worse movie but definitely is more honest than this load of pretentious and dubious situations.<br /><br />technically is fine -nice photography fair performance and so on but the script is so poor i wonder what did the producers see to carry on and shoot this crap.<br /><br />and this film remarks the 3 guys that wrote the script (calparsoro loriga and quiroga) are lost in cinema trying to make a masterpiece -or trying to do something to fulfill their stomachs awaiting for more personal projects.
critique6613 Stay Alive is a bland horror movie about a video game that kills people the same way they die inside the game. The friends that play this game soon figure this out and then realise they must defeat the Blood Countess from the video game or accept their fates. We've had video tapes in The Ring a deadly website in FearDotCom. Now it's onto video games. Stay Alive does some things well; the character development is quite a bit deeper than it usually would be in a horror movie. We really see into some of the characters feelings and past and get to know them all quite well so the audience may gain some emotions for them. The film is also very suspenseful. Tense unnerving moments are frequently played through the film accompanied by unsettling creepy music. There are plenty of jumps and jolts for the viewer. This can be ideal once or twice but these false scares that Hollywood seems to enjoy overplaying in horror films nowadays wears thin in Stay Alive. The camera will tend to provide sharp angles or quick flashes in order to give viewers a very quick glimpse of a demon or witch and try to scare them with this sudden burst on the screen. Why? The gore is obviously very weak because of the film's certificate. The script to Stay Alive is very cheesy and quite laughable and the characters tend to play it too melodramatically and confusingly. Also clichÃƒÂ©s come in from every direction for instance people wandering around on their own in search of a strange noise or if they have spotted a figure in the dark they will go and investigate it. However the computer graphics used for the video game segments are rather impressive and look colourful and sharp working well with the other parts of the film. But overall there is just not enough to hold out on with this film. Stretching at just over a hundred minutes it won't be a battle to Stay Alive but rather Stay Awake.
critique6614 Some kids are hiking in the mountains and one of them goes into a large tunnel and discovers some old mummified gladiator. He puts on the gladiator's helmet and spends the rest of the movie killing all the other hikers.<br /><br />This thing is just so utterly senseless it's maddening. Here's a short list of things that don't make any sense:<br /><br />1) A guy and a girl are in their tent and they think they hear something outside. The guy goes out to investigate and finds another hiker outside. Then he hears his girlfriend scream so they head back to the tent - arriving the next morning?!? He was only 50 feet away!<br /><br />2) These two dunderheads then hear another girl scream (What 100 feet away?) but don't investigate because they're afraid they'll get lost.<br /><br />3) Another guy and a girl are walking around and in about their 10th scene together the girl informs the guy that due to the circumstances protocol no longer requires him to address her as professor. I mean what the...? First off that's just a really stupid thing to say secondly he never called her professor in the first nine scenes they were in together.<br /><br />4) A wounded girl attacks Demonicus and he stops her telling her that part of his gladiator training taught him how to wound without killing. Um yeah we kinda noticed she's wounded and not dead because she's up and walking around. But thanks for that tidbit of information.<br /><br />5) One girl is tied up in Demonicus' lair and when someone attempts to free her she instead instructs this person to go and get help. Um look idiot if she set you free which would take about 5 seconds there would be no need to get help.<br /><br />And it just goes on and on. The whole middle part of the movie is spent with the two idiots getting lost in the woods then they fight then they pitch a tent and ignore the screams of their friends then they wander around some more. It's just so damned boring and pointless that I turned the DVD off halfway through. <br /><br />None of these characters are sympathetic especially the ones that get the majority of the screen time. Demonicus himself made me laugh out loud every time I saw him - he looks like a kid in a Halloween costume scrunching his face up to look evil. He runs or should I say scampers around like he's gay. The special effects are comedic the acting is for the most part awful and nothing makes any sense.<br /><br />Overall maybe this concept could have produced an enjoyably campy film if they put some more time and effort into it getting rid of the ludicrous dialogue creating characters with actual likable personalities having some sort of logical flow to the action and maybe even making Demonicus a female character in a sexy gladiator outfit. But no instead we get this senseless pile of nonsense that will bore you to death.
critique6615 Like some of the other reviewers have alluded to previously I'd like to know what moron actually read the script and went' "Yea!!! This is it. This is the next film we are going to green light!!" And whoever that person is should have his or her head examined for actual brain activity. Because whoever is responsible for actually dishing out money to have this made after reading the script well I'd love to give you my email address and maybe you'd like to just give away some more money. This film is atrocious in every way.<br /><br />The Wayans are funny at least they can be. They have made some good films and had some incredibly funny performances along the way. But in here not only does the premise defy all logic not only is the acting terrible not only is the entire movie offensive from start to finish not only is the direction as amateurish as you can find but they actually want you to pay to see this film. Maybe if it was free...naaah it would still be a waste of time.<br /><br />Usually I'd be inclined to write some long winded detailed review about why this film is so bad but just suffice to say that let my brevity do the talking. This is the lowest common denominator film making and it is about as unfunny as a heart attack.<br /><br />0/10..makes my top ten list of worst films of all time!
critique6616 This Charles outing is decent but this is a pretty low-key performance. Marlon Brando stands out. There's a subplot with Mira Sorvino and Donald Sutherland that forgets to develop and it hurts the film a little. I'm still trying to figure out why Charlie want to change his name. Every movie with "Charles" has been pretty bad.
critique6617 I don't get it. I just don't get it. "Barney and Friends" has been lambasted by millions through the years and I will admit I was one of those lambasters. Any child who watches this show doesn't realize that what they're watching is just a piece of trash. Barney is very annoying and very selfish. Add Baby Bop and it gets even worse. Add B.J. then you have a very creepy television nightmare. Then you get the children. They're old enough to know what Barney is trying to teach them! What are they doing there in the first place? It would be funny if Barney and his friends appeared on the Jerry Springer show. That would certainly be one of the wildest moments in television history! Even more significant is that this show marked the beginning of the end of public television as we knew it as we have seen less and less of the more informational and interesting public television programs that aired in the 1970s and the 1980s. What a BIG difference a selfish son of a gun makes. When this show leaves PBS a big sigh of relief will be felt among millions of people but a huge dent will have been made in the annals of television history. A message to Barney himself: You may not realize it but YOUR DAYS ARE NUMBERED.<br /><br />In a nutshell there are other choices. Better choices.
critique6618 This was a modest attempt at a film though it appeared more like a TV pilot extended.<br /><br />Some may find this unfair but it looks like someone saw "The Brothers" and "Save the Last Dance" and thought "Hey I could do that too." Well not quite.<br /><br />While I personally found the movie predictable somewhat poorly acted and contrived (watch for the cookies) Carl Payne shows that he can carry off a lead role and should be back on television. The leading lady (can't remember her name sorry) was plausible too but you keep thinking of Julia Stiles (she was the one in "Save the Last Dance" right?) because this one was really stuck in "white girl" mode.
critique6619 Oh dear! ohdear!ohdear!ohdear!<br /><br />I love science fiction but this... er... 'movie' just puts space flicks to shame. Every sci fi film I've seen over the last YEAR has been disappointing to some degree and I'm now seriously reconsidering what genre of movies I actually like in future!! (Maybe I'll watch romance flicks from now on!) <br /><br />SPOILERS ALERT! (And thats not saying much!)<br /><br />This flick is so insipidly dumb it rivals Battlefield Earth and Baby Geniuses in sheer badness. The special effects are obviously fake the Big Mac Truck looked stoopid with its roller coaster seat restraints the killer robots looked like a more idiotic version of the Power Rangers a huge fat guy is sucked out of a port hole window butt first and... Space Truck School??? WTF?<br /><br />Mr Hopper can do better than this. What really stunk were the two good-looking young things who accompany him and run around in nothing but their underpants (??) for an entire two thirds of the flick! The obligatory 'sex scene' (snicker!) between our young heroes was so poorly performed I nearly choked on my tonsils laughing at the TV screen.<br /><br />The only character worth mentioning is the pirate ship captain/cyborg/mad scientist. He oozed the word grotesque and was predictably sleazy but I believe he could've been much more menacing. He does and says things which are quite funny (all the best scenes involve him!) so for the captain I give this movie an extra point.<br /><br />But this flick is so bad it'll make you want to hurl abuse at the TV or maybe throw your TV out the window! It may even kill off a few brain cells and put you into a catatonic state.<br /><br />CONCLUSION? I like the way the captain struggles to walk around on his peg leg when its obviously a fake peg leg!! I would've given it 0 out of 10 but since he cracks me up with his stoopid antics... this flick gets 1/10!
critique6620 Its Christmas Eve and lazy and submissive housewife Della (Kim Basinger) receives some violent threats from her troubled and abusive husband. Leaving her twin children in bed she ventures off into the night for one last shopping spree at the local mall. Its busy there and finding a parking space is nigh on impossible Della takes umbrage at one motorist who parks in two spaces she leaves them a note saying as much. Returning to her car after visiting the shops she is confronted by some yobs Yup the owners of the car she left a note on they are very angry and want some fun with her a kindly security guard steps into assist her but things get out of hand and the guard is shot Della flees with the now murderous yobs in hot pursuit they shoot at her she looses control of her car and crashes quickly grabbing her toolbox from the trunk she hides in a deserted building site but is soon caught just before they try to rape and kill her from her magical toolbox she produces a wrench wounding their leader "Chuckie" she manages to escape again into the nearby woods in the fracas one of the gang is killed it just happens to be the black guy Here the night gets worse for all involved as a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues. A similar plot line to Eden Lake drew me to this but that is where the comparisons end. This is a brainless and dumb film shockingly scripted and horribly acted by all involved the doe eyed Disney-esquire twin kids are horrible to watch but its Lukas Haas as Chuckie that must take the plaudits in the bad acting department although he is given a run for his money by the equally awful husband. As a film its plot line is completely telegraphed all the way through even in the set up early on Della's cell phone goes dead and then in the shops her credit card has been cancelled by her hubby and she has no cash and its Christmas Eve now where could they be going with this I wonder??? The only surprising part of this $hit is when after killing all the clichÃƒÂ©d bad guys with the contents of her magic toolbox she demands Chuckie to f@ck her if my jaw had not already been on the floor at this films awfulness it would surely have dropped and smashed on the floor. even the ending is messed up all the feminist grannies wanting their pound of flesh are left utterly disappointed.. I didn't think I could be further disappointed but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro produced this dreck
critique6621 As hard as it is for me to believe with all of the awful reality shows out there over the past few years this one has to take over the top spot for worst one yet. I am still wondering if this was actually just a spoof done by the SCTV gang. If Andy Kaufmann were still alive I'd be sure he was behind this. Can a rock band stoop any lower than has INXS to do such a shameful thing as this? The premise is simple and moronic. Audition a bunch of karaoke rejects to become the new lead singer of INXS to take the place of Michael Hutchence (who committed suicide in 1997). Eight years and no hits later the band commit the ultimate act of patheticness by subjecting themselves to auditioning a bunch of talentless wannabes to be the new lead singer of a band that is 20 years past its prime. So they trot all of these awful singers (I thought American Idol had its share of doozies) who do atrocious renditions of just about every classic (and predictable) rock song imaginable. And then they cut to the INXS band members who are seriously discussing the merits of each of these candidates. You could see better (and more original) rock performers at just about any night club in any city in the world.<br /><br />It has all the usual uncreative elements of every other reality show. Lame reality participants lame interviews lame host/emcee lame "judging" of performances and the lame booting of one participant at the end of each show. Can these shows get any more predictable? It's clearly a publicity stunt on the part of the band; a last gasp of hope at rekindling their lost stardom before they are finally buried into oblivion. Michael Hutchence if he had any shred of dignity when alive has to be rolling over in his grave. Not that INXS were ever a great band but I had no idea they were this pathetic. If INXS are at all representative of what rock and roll has become this show would be the final proof that rock and roll is once and for all dead.
critique6622 The production values for this film make it fall short of Hollywood blockbuster status and the script makes it fall short of cult status. What is left is a tired formulaic attempt at the disaster movie genre that will disappear with the ebb tide.<br /><br />A decent cast are either miss cast or cannot be bothered.The beautiful Joanne Whalley is unable to bring any gravitas to the role of Police Commissioner Nash who wears the most irritating matching waist clincher above her skirt.<br /><br />Jessalyn Gilseg plays the heavyweight part of Director of the Thames Barrier with all the conviction of a fairground candy floss. Her Canadian nationality and accent were presumably drafted in to appeal to a transatlantic audience. It and she fails.Her initial appearance in a tight fitting pink jogging suit as she arrives at work is risible.<br /><br />The part of the "Siren old git who was right" is played by Tom Courtenay as though he is acting in his sleep and the various plot twists that are designed to energise his son played by Robert Carlyle struggle to get any response from him.<br /><br />Nigel Planer looks determined to commit ritual hari kari for his failings as Met Office Director or for his acting or both and only David Suchet emerges with some credit for his role as Deputy PM.<br /><br />There was enough in the story and the cast and the effects to have produced a decent effort. Alas that did not happen.
critique6623 Norm(an)ally I don't mind remakes. There are some pretty good ones out there BUT this one is a stinker! Considering it was practically scene for scene it had a good story and great actors. Van Sant copied Al's direction virtually flawlessly and it added color (I'm not one of those who think it has to be B&W to be classic). It should have been at least a mediocre movie... but it was pee-pee caa-caa! I don't understand how it could have been screwed up so badly. If you must watch it as a curiosity but I would suggest that you not bother.
critique6624 Band Camp was awful The Naked Mile was a little better and this third straight to DVD in the American Pie franchise seems the same quality as the predecessor. Basically Erik Stifler (John White) split from his girlfriend after losing his virginity and now him and Mike 'Cooze' Coozeman (Jake Siegel) are joining Erik's cousin Dwight (Steve Talley) at college. With the promise of many parties plenty of booze and enough hot chicks at the Beta House they only have fifty listed tasks to carry out to become official privileged members. But a threat comes into sight with the rivals GEK ("Geek") House led by power-hungry nerd (and sheep shagger) Edgar (Tyrone Savage) offering bigger and better than what Beta have. To settle it once and for all Beta and Gek go into battle with the banned for forty years Greek Games to beat each other in with the loser moving out. The last champion of the games Noah Levenstein aka Jim's Dad (the only regular Eugene Levy) runs the show which sees the people unhooking bras a gladiator duel floating on water catching a greased pig Russian Roulette in the mouth with cartridges of aged horse spunk wife carrying and drinking a full keg of alcohol (with puking not disqualifying). It all comes to the sudden death with a guy getting stripper lap dancing and they have to resist cumming Beta House win when Edgar cums with a girl dressed as a sheep on his lap. Also starring Flubber's Christopher McDonald as Mr. Stifler Meghan Heffern as Ashley Dan Petronijevic as Bull Nic Nac as Bobby Christine Barger as Margie Italia Ricci as Laura Johnson Moshana Halbert as Sara Coleman Sarah Power as Denise Andreja Punkris as Stacy and Jordan Prentice as Rock. The nudity amount is very slightly increased as is the grossness of the jokes and I could guess it being rated one star out of five but I like it. Adequate!
critique6625 I saw a great clip of this film which I'll talk about later and then the cast list and thought I might as well give it a go. Basically a down-on-his-luck bartender Randy (Matt Dillon) his cocky cousin Carl Harding (Paul Reiser) and murder investigation Detective Dehling (John Goodman) all have something in common they have seen the girl of their dreams (whether married or not) and they would do anything to please and be with her even die. All three met/saw her "one night at McCool's" the bar that Randy worked at they have no knowledge of each other but all three cannot stop thinking of Femme Fetale Jewel Valentine (The Lord of the Rings' Liv Tyler). All three are telling their stories to someone they hope will listen to their pretty intense and revealing stories Randy talks to hit-man Mr. Burmeister (Michael Douglas who co-produced the film) Carl to psychologist/psychiatrist Dr. Green (Reba McEntire) and Dehling to priest Father Jimmy (Richard Jenkins). They confess all details of what they have been willing to do their sexual contact with her and eventually they are all brought together in one place all intent on being with her and all involved with the final shootout that leaves one dead one running away (and eventually dying) and one stunned and the unexpected guy she chooses (but at the same time obvious cos it's sex-obsessed Douglas). Also starring Andrew Dice Clay as Utah/Elmo and Sandy Martin as Bingo Vendor Woman. If I had to pick a favourite moment it would definitely be what was mentioned at number 11 along with Cool Hand Luke on The 100 Greatest Sexy Moments where Tyler copycats the woman washing the car with suds all over herself and in front of Goodman very sexy! Apart from that not the most memorable film. Okay!
critique6626 If you want to watch a film that is oddly shot oddly lit weird stories of these men (and one woman) who enjoy beating the crap out of each other if you want to enjoy a story that goes nowhere of these two guys one a boxer and the other a gay man then you should watch this film.<br /><br />After watching this film I almost felt as badly bruised up and cut up like the director (of the film) himself beat the hell out of me.<br /><br />This is a movie where one is not meant to watch for plot or for great acting this is a film to gawk at in horror and wonder. A lot like watching an airplane crash or a train wreck.<br /><br />If you want to watch a great movie a good movie a "B" movie or even a mediocre movie this movie is not it.<br /><br />A warning to all who watch this film please don't eat beforehand. You might want to puke by the end of the film.
critique6627 Yes this film gets a lot of attention and is considered a classic in the adult film genre. Still I did not like this one at all. About a woman who commits suicide in a scene more fitting a horror movie she is given the opportunity to return to earth briefly to live the life of lust she never did before in her mundane life. Crappy sex scenes to follow. Why are they crappy for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act. I mean we watch porn for the sex do we not. Little Girls Blue also does things in an artistic way but it is still very erotic and nice to look at. Of course the girls in that one are very cute. Here we have a rather unattractive lead actress and that does not help things. If you find the lead in your adult film unappealing there is no amount of artistic vision that is going to make me enjoy the film. The sex scenes range from yuck to bizarre...I mean there is a snake in one of them people. So for me this movie just fails as it does not excite me at all but rather turns me off.
critique6628 This movie has all the ingredients of a great horror story and loses it in the last half. Few movies can actually give me chill bumps. This one did. Few horror movie give me a sense of dread. This one did. It kept me guessing. I cared about the story. I cared about the characters. The acting was decent. Unfortunately about half way through the movie the story just doesn't have many good directions it can go. It becomes evident that everything cool about the plot is going to self-destruct. It does. What builds in the first half as a great horror concept shifts away from horror and towards the absurd. A plausible fear turns into a series of implausible reactions from the characters. The story concludes with disappointment. While this movie seems complete there is one loose end that could setup for a sequel. The movie isn't good enough for a sequel. This movie is worth seeing in the theater just don't expect to be stunned. This is best suited as a movie to rent. It's probably not a movie you'd want to own.
critique6629 I went to see the Omega Code with a group of other Christians totaling about 15 people. We all expected a good piece of Christian film-making. What we got was an excruciatingly painful drawn-out and pretty boring attempt at a film. It has good looking production values but also has poor acting a weak script with lousy dialogue and no real sense of direction. From the first 15 minutes we all knew it would be a long night. We all hated it and some people in our group placed this movie as reeking of more cheese than "Anaconda." None of us could believe that the movie lasted less than 2 hours. Flashy effects and crisp looking cinematography can't save this bad bad movie. I'd give it a 3 out of 10 and the rating is only that high because I rented the abominable "movie" Werewolf (1996) the night before I saw this movie.
critique6630 I can laugh at just about anything but unfortunately there is not a single one to be found in this stink bomb!!!!I honestly watched this movie from beginning to end and did not even crack a smile. I am shocked that Sandler Schneider Spade etc. would put their names on this piece of crap. Worse than the worst that ever came out of the worst that ever came out of former SNL players. What more can I say? How could such tasteless extremely unfunny drivel come from such a pool of apparent talent!! Maybe I have lost my sense of humor (not likely) but I cannot remember a movie that I have disliked this much in a long time. What a waste of 2 hours I will never get back.
critique6631 i was given the book version of Kazaam for my 8th birthday and people always say the book versions are always better than the movie but this time they were wrong. At least with the movie it's over soon.<br /><br />The acting in this is terrible which i expected from a film with Shaq who plays a magical rapping genie that comes out of an old ghetto blaster (which there was probably a good reason he was trapped in there). The kid in the film that plays Max is whiny and a terrible actor. He's bullied by neighborhood kids which i don't blame them because he's a little douche bag.<br /><br />The story is just plain stupid and extremely clichÃƒÂ©. About a boy who's father is always working and never around who finds a new friend who makes his life better and eventually helps him reconnect with his father.<br /><br />Even at 8 years old i thought this was a stupid idea. It's a surprise any of the people whom worked on this film had careers after wards because it's an embarrassment and should have never been made. i could ramble on even more about how this movie sucks but you should already know just by reading the plot.
critique6632 This...... Movie.... Is..... Horrible!!!!!! You won't believe this hunk of junk is even a movie!!!! Critters4 was better then this!!! And Critters4 was pretty frigging bad too!!! A bunch of stupid teens crash in a desert find an old run down bungalow and end up fending off horrifically badly stop motion animated spiders. Pardon my french but the acting was bad as hell!!! The person who wrote this probably didn't even know what a spider is because he had the spiders living in a colony serving an alien-queen-ripoff queen spider! SPIDERS DO NOT LIVE IN COLONIES!!!!!!!!! THIS "MOVIE" IS A PIECE OF CRUD!!! At the end the marines suddenly pop out of no where and kill all the spider without even being called!!!! If you see a copy of this movie at a video store douse it in gasoline and throw a match at it!!!!
critique6633 Irene Dunne finished her illustrious career with this so-so movie. She should have gone out with a bang being the classy actress she was not in this unmemorable almost unknown film. <br /><br />This lightweight comedy is okay but nothing special. The first half of it is far better as it gets pretty stupid in the second half. Maybe Irene could see the handwriting on the wall and quit. Even her high-pitched voice got a bit annoying in here. Rumor has it she was not happy with this film. One can see why.<br /><br />The story reminded me of a 1950s television sitcom. Speaking of that I thought David Nelson from the Ozzie & Harriet TV show was in this movie but it turned out to be a very young Richard Crenna. He looked and sounded just like Nelson.<br /><br />Overall so-so at best and a sub-par ending for a great actress.
critique6634 Without reiterating what was said above about this movie I would like to add that I was looking forward to watching this film...the cast/location and the work of the excellent director Michael Winterbottom etc...It had a vague shadow of 'Don't look Now' about the storyline from the beginning. A stay in different surroundings (Italy again) to dim the heartbreak of loss...or perhaps that's how I saw it? So consequently I sat there waiting for the story to unfold and put a spin on what we expect to happen to this family in a foreign European country....and I sat there and sat there....and guess what? nothing actually happens! and I mean nothing!! You are not even given the chance to get into the characters as they are so 1 dimensional and vacuous..You are led to believe from the pace of the movie that something was going to happen to turn the whole film on it's head...The eldest daughters flirtation with the local vespa boys had great scope to take the movie in another direction the youngest daughters visions of her dead mother ended up being a fruitless and pointless exercise the fathers attempts at being seduced by one of his female students felt ridiculous given his age. It felt as if the script had a last recall made where they decided at the last minute to eradicated any guts to the story and went for paring it down to a bare minimum to no effect. When the credits started to roll (unexpectedly) you can't help but feel robbed of your time spent sat watching this pile of rubbish.
critique6635 There are some nice shots in this film it catches some of the landscapes with such a beautiful light in fact the cinematography is probably it's best asset.<br /><br />But it's basically more of a made for TV movie and although it has a lot of twists and turns in the plot which keeps it quite interesting viewing there are no subtitles and key plot developments are unveiled in Spanish so non Spanish speakers will be left a little lost.<br /><br />I had it as a Xmas gift as it's a family trait to work through the films of a actor we find talented and Matthew Mconaughey was just awesome in "A Time to kill"  and the "The Newton Boys " so I expressed I wanted to see more of his work.<br /><br />However although it says on the DVD box it is a Matthew Mconaughey film and uses this as a marketing ploy he has a few lines and is on screen for not very minutes at the end of the film he is basically an extra and he doesn't exactly light up the screen while he is on so die hard fans really not worth it from that point of view.<br /><br />The films star though Patrick McGaw is great though and very easy on the eye and his character is just so nice and kind and caring a true saint of a guy he'd be well written into a ROM com.<br /><br />So for true Mcconaughey acting brilliance of the ones I've seen I'd recommend "A Time to kill"  "The Newton Boys " "Frailty" "How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days" "Edtv" and "Amistad" and avoid too "Larger Than Life" and "Angels in the Outfield" unless you feel like a kids film or have kids around as neither of these are indicative of his talent but are quite amusing films for children again MM is really nothing more that a supporting artist with just a few if any lines.<br /><br />As for Scorpion Springit's not a bad film but it also isn't screen stealing either.
critique6636 Hammerhead is a combination between the mad scientist and killer shark movie genres. In a bit of type-casting Jeffrey Combs plays the aforementioned mad scientist who develops a human/hammerhead shark creature. Bizarrely this being is in fact his son who he has turned into this monster to prevent him dying from cancer. Or something.<br /><br />A group of associates are invited to the scientist's private island. They end up being used as shark bait or shark mate. For some unknown reason the head of IT has been brought along as part of this team. Who knows why? Luckily he turns out to be a resourceful if somewhat overweight Ramboesque hero. I'm working on the assumption that he learnt how to handle an assault rifle as part of his day job working in 1st line support. A normal day for this IT man presumably involves fixing someone's network connection followed by a call to gun down gun-toting evil-doers. Or perhaps a call to fix someone's PC has to be scheduled between physical confrontations with land-based human-shark hybrids? Anyway he's amazing and saves the day. He even get's the girl.<br /><br />The shark-man is a slightly lame creation but OK I guess judging by the effects in general in this film. And the movie moves on at a decent pace. It's complete hokum of course but if you buy a movie called Hammerhead and expect it to be a complex drama about the emotional conflicts experienced by a man turned into a land-based killer fish then really you have no one to blame but yourself. As it is there are guns gore girls and possibly even an exploding helicopter. It's rubbish but not as bad as some might say.
critique6637 This is officially the terrible boring corny and ridiculous movie ever created. The movie is all about a crazy kid and his friends and they land a 747. His dreams are very corny and make no sense at all and is very poorly done. Every special effect looks as if it was done without any modern technology and might have been created by the kid that plays the "leading role" in the movie. If you watch this movie it will definitely make you stupider. I advise you to never consider watching this movie and if you do good luck and don't miss the brain cells you killed off. My comment does not even fully grasp the awful creation from hell that has been made. The person that wrote the comment before me did not watch the same movie that I dreadfully watched and wish I never watched. Peace.
critique6638 OK Hollywood is not liberal.<br /><br />Obviously I'm lieing because it is. Im a conservative but the politics i will leave out of my opinion of the movie. This movie was anti bush anti middle east  anti big oil propaganda but that is not why it was bad.<br /><br />Fist off i will give credit where credit is due. i saw this film opening night because i happen to like these kinds of films and am a political science major in collage. The cinematography was excellent and the acting was as far as i could tell very good.<br /><br />The plot was impossible for me to decode however. I have been tested and have an IQ of 138 but no matter how hard i tried there was no way i could piece together the story line of the movie and what characters where doing what.<br /><br />The story and scene sequence was totally incoherent and poorly organized.<br /><br />Unless this is one of those movies that is meant to be watch many times to get the full depth pf the story which it very well may be i have no idea exactly what was going on.<br /><br />Which makes sense because if you want to make a political argument and not receive any criticism then make your argument impossible to critique! If you cant dazzle them with brilliance then baffle them with Bull S.
critique6639 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique6640 Sorry folks I love Ray Bolger's work but the one thing he ain't is a leading man. Maybe if you pretend he's the last man on earth this romantic plot might work but come'on now !<br /><br />Here's a movie that exists simply to showcase the title song which was a big hit for the Basie Band the year before (1951). And some pretty nifty singing and dancing save it from being a total disaster. <br /><br />However the story line is pathetic even by 1952 musical comedy standards. And the other songs are equally as forgettable as Evening In Paris cologne. The dialogue embarrasses the stars Day & Bolger. Only Claude Dauphin's Boyeresque charms keep his character three dimensional.<br /><br />So how to enjoy this movie on video ? <br /><br />A.) Fast forward through all the dialogue...<br /><br />B.) Surrender yourself to Doris Day's vocals and Ray Bolger's loose-limbed footwork. And don't miss Dauphin's hilarious take on a rain-soaked windswept reprise of "April In Paris"...<br /><br />C.) Finally keep a couple of bottles of Cabernet chilled and handy.<br /><br />Bob Raymond
critique6641 Hmmm...where to start? How does a serious actress like Demi Moore got involved in such crap? "First blood" might be rated as bull***t but this type of nonsense is just Rambo with tits point. Of course if you are interested in the crapstory (Demi Moore just wants to prove that a woman can be part of the NAVY Seals) that is the most stupid clichÃƒÂ© one I can think of you'll say "GI Jane" is a great movie. Just the performance from Viggo Mortensen made this movie bearable but hell I can't think of Demi Moore being Rambo (especially not during the last useless 30 minutes). Ridley Scott doesn't deserve the credits to make this movie one that comes up for women with equal rights it's just brainless propaganda for the American army and to make it more attractive they dropped Moore in it. Awful movie.
critique6642 Thank God this has not been renewed by ITV.<br /><br />This series while popular (God knows why) has a very simple - 'Look I've found another body behind the flowers/bushes/trees/wherever they are working - for the sixteenth time this series' plot. The dialogue is so simple it's as though this has been written for children - talking down to the viewer and explaining every plot point.<br /><br />They just 'happen' to be around when someone does something out the ordinary - and no-one notices them.<br /><br />Every time they look into and investigate someone's murder they get in the way of everyone else - messing up the lives of all - including those completely innocent.<br /><br />They break and enter into people's homes stealing items and evidence (even firearms) being nosey and getting into people's lives spying on them and going through their stuff. They never apologise never get caught or arrested (and if they do they can talk their way out of it even though another character who does the same gets put in prison!!!).<br /><br />They always come up trumps. Now I know that this is an easy going series but I think that realistically this should not have made it past the first few episodes! Put simply it's unrealistic.<br /><br />I think that they have found enough bodies in the undergrowth both here and on the Continent (where they are every other week) so I do hope it never comes back.<br /><br />ITV should get some action on the screen instead of all the years of humdrum - 'someone's been murdered at the village fair - again' type series.
critique6643 Warner Bros. made many potboilers in the 1930s and most of them are fast paced economical and very entertaining. I really love how the studio exploited the less glamorous elements of our daily life. This is one of Warner's few hard-edged melodramas that simply doesn't work. Edward G. Robinson plays a ruthless editor of newspaper who resurrects the 20-year old story of a murderess with tragic consequences. Robinson gives a lively performance but he is surrounded by actors that don't cut the mustard. H.B. Warner Aline MacMahon and Boris Karloff are good but the bad acting of Frances Starr and Anthony Bushell in the second leads really hurts the movie. Starr is particularly bad during her big dramatic scene near the end of the movie. In addition the moralistic tone of the film seems ridiculous in the context of pre-code Hollywood. LeRoy's direction is full of innovative visual touches but he cannot overcome the bad acting and the unintentionally funny situations. Sol Polito's camera work is strong. Somehow this piece of dreck got an Oscar nomination for Best Picture (in a year that gave us "M" "Dracula" and "Frankenstein").
critique6644 The creative team behind Evan Almighty really should have been able to make a better film. Starring one of America's favourite funnymen and helmed by Ace Ventura Pet Detective director Tom Shadyac one expects a higher laugh count than the picture provides. Hell even Steve Oedekerk who wrote and directed last years atrocious Barnyard and attains a writing credit here has done better work. The fact of the matter is that Evan Almighty isn't the worst picture of the Summer season but it might well be the most disappointing. The title and creative team behind the picture suggest this is a sequel of sorts to 2003's Bruce Almighty. That picture had Jim Carrey in the lead and whilst both Steve Carell and Carrey are both funny guys it's the latter who's better suited to this sort of material. I've heard that Carrey was offered this sequel before anyone else but the actor declined staing he saw no other places for his character to venture. Thus Shadyac moved over to Carell who ever since an amusing bit part in the 2003 original has been gunning for stardom. After sleeper hits The 40 Year Old Virgin and Little Miss Sunshine the man has become big business and so it's him rather than rubber faced Jim who leads this production into theatres. The story see's Evan Baxter (Steve Carell) having been elected as a Congressman and thus he and his troop move house and state so Evan can find success with his job. His wife (Lauren Graham) and three kids have doubts but overall show a supportive side towards Evan who himself looks at the future with optimistic eyes. However things start to go belly up fairly fast God (Morgan Freeman) appears to Evan stating a flood is coming and that the politician must build an Ark. Initially ignoring the encounter Evan is quickly granted some robes a beard that refuses to stay shaved and animals are beginning to appear two by two. Evan then begins to put the boat into construction but the neighbourhood aren't happy and neither is a fellow Politician (John Goodman). Anyone expecting the wacky laughs of some of Tom Shadyac's other films will probably be left completely cold by this movie. Ace Ventura Liar Liar and hell even Bruce Almighty where largely very funny pictures but all of those ;projects have one thing in commen and thats Jim Carrey's presence. Shadyac hasn't made a worthwhile film without Carrey at the helm he's worked with Robin Williams Eddie Murphy and now Steve Carell but still only Carrey seems to meld successfully with Shadyac. Carell after the disappointing Box-Office and critical mauling won't be desperate to work with the director again and with Carrey now doing more serious projects Shadyac had better find a new comic muse fast. Carell himself is fairly dull here whoever felt that his bit part in the first movie (Despite being quite amusing) deserved a full length feature should be taken out back and shot. I expect after Bruce Almighty's Box-Office draw it was Universal studios themselves but you know when a quality comedian can't do anything with a character then the scren persona is a dud and thats exactly the case with Evan Almighty. Lauren Graham isn't any great shakes as Evan's wife nor do any of the children strike the right note. Freeman lets it all hang loose as God in another amusing and chilled performance but he appears to sporadically to carry the piece. Indeed the most consistent source of laughter is Evan's Secretary (Wanda Sykes) and creep co-worker (Jonah Hill) both made me laugh twice as much as any other character in the project. Oedekerk's writing has been worse (Barnyard) but also better (Ace Ventura When Nature Calls) than his work on this production. His script does have genuinely funny moments but it's also full of cloying family moments and the humour is never weird or indeed offensive enough. The film takes tame and easy swipes at religion when it ought to rip the concept to shreds indeed the opening church sequence in The Simpsons Movie shakes religion harder than Evan Almighty's whole 95 minute run. With a bit more daring and heart this could have been a far better picture. I don't doubt that the core family audience will be mildly entertained by this film but if they'll be satisfied is a completely different question. There's a line between being watchable and being worthwhile a line that Evan Almighty is always on the wrong side off. Maybe when you're feeling bored and the films on cable you can afford to watch but I can think of plenty better ways to spend my time and indeed more importantly my money than tuning into this mediocre comedy.
critique6645 This is so bad it will be my contribution to the next bad movie party I go to. It is clear from the start that Steve Gutenburg was taking this role seriously.... the other principles were walking through their lines. I think they got a whiff of how much it stank early on and they were going through the motions for their paychecks. Sean Bean "acted" as usual but was spared sharing space on screen with any of the principles till the final scene where it was like an actor walking onto a high school stage that is how defined the contrast was. Some actors do not look good scruffy. Some actors should not bulk up for a part. Those two statements apply to "Police Academy" Steve. His scruffy look translates to bum and indigent and his bulking up makes him look potato lumpy not buff. Pair that with one of the worst scripted dialogues in Hollywood history and you have BAD movie. I can only guess that all of the principles really really needed the money for remodeling or something or their agents signed them before the script was written by the monkeys that must of typed it out. I would love to know the back story to this disaster.
critique6646 Without wishing to be a killjoy Brad Sykes is responsible for at least two of the most dull and clichÃƒÂ©d films i've ever seen - this being one of them and Camp Blood being another. <br /><br />The acting is terrible the print is shoddy and everything about this film screams "seriously you could do better yourself". Maybe this is a challenge to everyone to saturate youtube with our own zombie related crap?<br /><br />I bought this for Ã‚Â£1 but remember you can't put a price on 71 minutes of your life. You'd do well to avoid this turkey even at a bargain basement price.
critique6647 When you get your hands on a British film you expect some sort of quality. And when it comes to acting camera work lighting etc; this film does the business. It's done by highly skilled craftsmen. That alone can bring you an enjoyable one and a half hours. But when you look under the layers of professionalism you don't really find anything. Apart from making you feel good and advocate a drug liberal view there's really nothing there. The script is mediocre the plot is predictable and the ending must be one of the worst east of Hollywood. In all it's English cosiness it's just a shameful and cynical attempt to make another "Full Monty". Why they made this film? I haven't got a clue apart from making money of course.
critique6648 This movie was such a waste of my money. it was disgusting as well as disturbing. honestly i would never recommend this movie to anyone. who thinks of a movie where a girl blows her dog?? seriously... it was a waste of my time. i kept watching the movie hoping it would get better and a plot would emerge but that never happened. i'd rate the movie an F-. This movie should have been rated R for its disturbing nature. I would never let children of any age see this movie. this movie sucks. this movie is horrible. this movie was a waste of my time. i could have spent the night doing some worth my time instead of renting this movie. this movie was a waste of gas money to get to the store and definitely a waste of two dollars to watch it. pretty much no one should watch this movie. this movie should be banned and burned.
critique6649 Yes why? Among the filmmakers that came out in the 80's and 90's Gus Van Sant is one of my idols. There are others a few. Steven Sodebergh PT Anderson Tim Hunter Danny Boyle Martin Donovan Harmony Korine Wes Anderson. Idiosyncratic infuriating some times but consistent surprising unpredictable. Their names make me switch on the TV go to a video store or even buy a ticket and go to a movie theater. Van Sant's "Psycho" however gives me pause. Why? I wonder. A shot by shot massacre of one of the perennial classics. The color was jarring the performances atrocious. What was Vince Vaughn doing? Was it a parody? A bad joke? What the hell was it? Anne Heche as Janet Leigh? Who dressed her? Viggo Mortensen with a cowboy hat. Viggo is a superb actor but in this case he couldn't make us forget John Gavin and if Julianne Moore had been introduced to the world through this performance there wouldn't have been any "The Hours" for her "The Minutes" maybe. So here I am bad mouthing the work of one of my idols. The crashing question remains: Why Mr. Van Sant? Maybe in the words of President Clinton because he could. I'm afraid that's no excuse.
critique6650 Where the hell did VH1 find the scriptwriter for this movie??? Out of high school? This movie tries so hard to be sympathetic to Michael Jackson but instead turns him into a horrible tacky caricature. All the lines are filled with clichÃƒÂ©s but surprisingly the acting wasn't bad. As usual this is a bad movie with pretty good actors. The actor that plays Michael Jackson jeez I feel sorry for him! I think he did the best he could with the weak script. I didn't mind that Flex did not look like Michael Jackson I thought he did the best he could but later on when he had all that white make-up on oh man did he look yucky! The other actors that played Debbie Rowe Priscilla Presley and Elizabeth Taylor were pretty good. Except that the actress that plays Liz Taylor looked too young and healthy to be playing Liz. The actress that plays Diana Ross didn't look at all like her and I couldn't figure out who this woman was until much later on in the movie.<br /><br />This movie does a disservice to everyone who is on the side of Michael Jackson or against Michael Jackson. It doesn't do anything to change anyone's opinion. As a matter of fact the only opinion anyone will have after watching this movie is oh God this movie really really sucks! And where the hell is Michael Jackson's wonderful music and songs? There are none to be found in this movie. I love the soundtrack to this movie anyway and I'll probably purchase it if I could.<br /><br />On the lighter side though this is a very funny campy movie! It's a great time waster if you want to watch something light that won't trouble your brain too much. I'll probably watch it again because it just is so entertainingly bad!
critique6651 Yet another recent comedy that shows that Hollywood can't even do the basics when it comes to film-making that it used to do in its sleep for decades. If the writer/director had any brains they would have based the film around Stamp's character of tyrant boss Jack Taylor. When he's in the film early on it's nothing special but it is mildly promising and occasionally amusing. Once he departs for the majority of the film and Kutcher has his 'hilarious' adventures house-sitting with guest after boring guest dropping in the film totally disintegrates.<br /><br />As a result what should have been a passable timewaster turns into an inept stinker.
critique6652 The Prophecy II what's there to say about it? They've completely abandoned the originality of the first film and simply made a Chris Walken splatter film. It's not even written by the original writer!<br /><br />If you've seen Nr. 1 don't watch Nr. 2 it's a real disappointment...<br /><br />If you haven't seen Nr. 1 don't watch Nr. 2! Go see Nr. 1 to experience something original and fun
critique6653 An actress making a movie in Africa is kidnapped and taken into the jungle where she is held for ransom. The producer hires some one to go and bring her back. Complicating everything are the cannibals in the jungle who worship a really ugly looking "god" who likes to eat naked women.<br /><br />This is a gory sleazy movie. There is copious amounts of nudity and violence not to mention violence against nude people. Its an exploitation film designed to appeal to the deepest darkest parts of our being and if the movie wasn't so boring this film would be a classic. Lets face it despite the gore the nasty sex and abuseand the ugly monster this movie is a snoozer. The pacing is all off kilter and it puts you out. There are multiple plot lines that all seem to be happening separately from each other even though its ultimately all one story. Worst of all almost no one says anything. Most of the minimal dialog concerns the cruelty or one characters protestations that "I'll do what I want". Its such a quiet and dull movie that if it weren't for the frequent screams of the victims I'd recommend this as a sleep aide.<br /><br />This is a movie to avoid unless you need sleep or unless you need to see every Euro-cannibal movie.<br /><br />(An aside. VideoAsia just released this as part of their Terror Tales series. Their print is oddly letter-boxed which looks to be the result of taking their print from a Japanese source (there is fogging) that was cropped to remove the subtitles. Their print also has no opening titles)
critique6654 they have sex with melons in Asia.<br /><br />okay. first i doubted that but after seeing the wayward cloud i changed my mind and was finally convinced that they have sex with watermelons with people dead or alive. no safe sex of course. the (terrifyingly ugly) leading man shoots it all into the lady's mouth after he did the dead lady. never heard of HIV? guess not.<br /><br />the rest of this movie is mainly boring but also incredibly revolting. as a matter of fact in parts it got so disgusting i couldn't take my virgin eyes off. sex with dead people! how gross is that? and what's the message behind it all? we need water we need melons we need to be dead to have sex? sorry but this stinks!
critique6655 A "40 foot long" giant mutant squid with five tentacles razor fangs and the ability to reproduce it's own cells terrorizes a small Florida town. Various marine biologists doctors and cops plot to kill it. Meanwhile a human monster named Miller offs people who discover the "Devilfish" is a manmade creation used for the greedy benefit of some evil doctors! Miller attacks a female researcher strangles her drowns her in the bathtub tosses in a hairdryer then rips the panties off her dead body!<br /><br />Lots of false alarms are set when our heroes Peter Stella Janet and Bob set out on a high tech (high tech for 1984 anyway) "Seaquarium" boat to catch the creature who is frequently seen in close up or hilariously obvious speeded-up film to seem more menacing. And only fire can destroy it which leads to a flamethrower-armed posse vs. aquatic beast finale.<br /><br />This JAWS cash-in is pretty tame (other than a legless corpse and a decapitation) but watchable and benefits from an excellent Antony Barrymore score and a decent (again for 1984) monster design. Luigi Cozzi and Sergio Martino wrote the original story.<br /><br />Score: 4 out of 10
critique6656 ** May contain spoilers ** Horrible. Just horrible. I loved Stephen King's novel and this is just a horrible adaptation of it. They change the ending. They change the plot. They changed Alan Pangborne's character from a grieving husband to a happy fiancÃƒÂ©. If you are a fan of Stephen King's novel stay away. Even if You are not stay away.<br /><br />The book was awesomely dark even for Steve King. An 11 year old kills himself in the novel. A middle school principal is found with child pornography in the novel. THis is nowhere near as good as the novel.<br /><br />This movie is my least favorite film of all time. I hate this film with a vengeance.
critique6657 The number of goofs in this episode was higher than the first 9. They don't follow their own rules about spirits where destruction of the body makes the spirit dissolve. This one dropped a second body. That body and Dean drop about 20 feet from Sam but then they are right with Sam. Flashlights go out in an unlighted asylum at night and we can still see everything. It's night but light is streaming through the windows. A ghost that died in 1960's is making cell phones calls? Come on! There is no way Sam could get a psychiatrist to see him in the same day he makes an appointment and the doctor talks to Sam like it wasn't his first visit. Sam and Dean knew there were other bodies in the asylum and innocent spirits still lurking and didn't do anything to help them. That doesn't seem like a thing the Winchester boys would do. Oh and after crawling around on a dirt filled mattress and all around a nasty asylum the girls' makeup and hair is perfect and not a smudge on her white shirt. <br /><br />While the implementation of this episode had problems the premise was good and a few times I was not creeped out but nervous as Dean sat reading Elicots' journal. I just knew that an object so intensely personal to the ghost would draw it to the person violating it's sanctity. Elicot didn't appear. Maybe that is a fault for such an important object or place (like Elicot's office) should draw the spirit when a living being touches or enters. When they separate I want to scream... 'that's how you die! Always stay together and watch each others backs!' but they don't listen to me :o The Elicot spirit and his special ability was a very nice touch. It's prime-time show but I do wish the horror of Elicot strapping one of his victims down and using anticipation of torture to creep us out further.<br /><br />Especially because of the lighting goofs I gave this a 4. Sudden darkness or the flickering of the whole scene's lighting as the flashlight flickers is all that more terrifying. The lighter coming or the flashlight reviving and instantly a spirit is in their face is shocking. I understand the directors wants us to see his scene but then make a mention or obvious connection by Elicot touching an electric socket and the lights coming on. Have the characters respond to the fact an asylum with no power suddenly has lights in the one room. Blue white lights flickering as electric arcs just like Elicot's finger power. <br /><br />Seriously MCG could have done better.
critique6658 Sogo Ishii can be a skilled filmmaker under the right conditions but Gojoe tells the story of a warrior monk and his only rival a scion of the Genji clan. The film-making has the main hallmarks of a low-budget production including blurry fight scenes and clumsy montages (the kind you might find in an under-produced dorama). The monk Benkei informs his spiritual teacher that his destiny lies in defeating the mysterious spirit that guards Gojoe bridge at night but he doesn't realize that this decision will bring him squarely into conflict with nearly every element of society at that time - but which could earn him enlightenment. <br /><br />There's no absence of ambitiousness however in its depiction of the conflict between the holy and the worldly. Artsy flourishes in some of the photography and editing help to compensate for the loose film-making style. <br /><br />A disappointment.
critique6659 It was the Sixties and anyone with long hair and a hip distant attitude could get money to make a movie. That's how Michael Sarne director of this colossal flop was able to get the job. Sarne is one of the most supremely untalented people ever given a dollar to make a movie. In fact the whole studio must have been tricked into agreeing to hire a guy who had made exactly one previous film a terribly precious 60's-hip black and white featurette called Joanna. That film starred the similarly talentless actress/waif Genevieve Waite who could barely speak an entire line without breaking into some inappropriate facial expression or bat-like twitter. Sarne who was probably incapable of directing a cartoon never mind a big-budget Hollywood film was in way over his head. David Giler's book is the best place to go to find out how the faux-infant terrible Sarne was able to pull the wool over everyone's eyes. If there is ever an historical marker which indicates the superficiality and shallowness of an era Myra Breckinridge provides that marker. It embodies the emptiness and mindless excess of a decade which is more often remembered for a great sea-change in the body politic. Breckinridge is a touchstone of another equally important vein. Watch this movie and you'll get a different perspective on the less-often mentioned vacuity of spirit which so often passed for talent during those years.<br /><br />Many reviewers have spoken about the inter-cutting of footage from other films especially older ones. Some actually liked these clunky "comments" on what was taking place in the movie others found them senseless annoying and obtrusive though since the film is so bad itself any intrusion would have to be an improvement. <br /><br />In my opinion the real reason Michael Sarne put so many film clips into Myra Brekinridge was to paper over the bottomless insufficiency of wit and imagination that he possessed. That is to say Sarne was so imagination-challenged that he just threw these clips in to fill space and take up time. They weren't inspiration they were desperation. His writing skills were nonexistent and David Giler had wisely stepped away from the project as one might from a ticking bomb so Sarne was left to actually try and make a movie and he couldn't. It was beyond his slim capabilities. Hence the introduction of what seems like one half of an entire film's worth of clips. The ghosts of writers and directors - many long since passed on - were called upon to fix this calamitous flopperoo because Sarne sure as heck wasn't able to. This was what he came up with on those days he sat on the set and thought for eight hours while the entire cast and crew (not to mention the producers and the accountants) cooled their heels and waited for something some great spark of imagination a hint of originality a soupcon of wit to crackle forth from the brow of Zeus. Um oops. No Zeus + no imagination + no sparks = millions of little dollar bills with tiny wings - each made from the hundreds of licensing agreements required to use the clips - flying out the window. Bye-bye. <br /><br />As for myself I hated the film clips. They denigrated Sarne's many betters poked fun at people whose talents - even those whose skills were not great - far outstripped the abilities of the director and so ultimately served to show how lacking he was in inspiration originality - and even of plain competency - compared to even the cheesiest of them.
critique6660 The horrific production doesn't qualify as a "film." It was obviously shot on video tape and very poorly at that! There is a constant screaching sound for the audio(sounds like a bad microphone) which is so annoying that you sometimes cannot understand what the characters are saying. Badly dubbed-in music will suddenly appear in a scene and the entire editing of this thing rates about a ZERO!<br /><br />The plot is contrived and ridiculous. A late 20's gay man trying to hide his live-in lover from parents visiting? PLEASE! And the reaction the mother has when she finds a picture of her son kissing his boyfrioend is beyond melodramatic and rolls right into stupid. Talk about a stereotypical view of gay life! The acting is worse than a porno movie and the direction is very poor!<br /><br />As far as "production" goes there isn't any!<br /><br />This title is simply a lame videotaped attempt to call itself a "Film." There is no heart and soul to give it even the smallest bit of praise.<br /><br />It's just a stupid waste of time so avoid it at all costs! BAD ACTING! BAD WRITING! BAD DIRECTING  and the title of "producer" is vanity as this trash probably costed them the price of the videotape they shot it on.<br /><br />This ametuer garbage has no business getting released onto a dvd as it's deceptive to the cunsomer. I cannot stress how horrible this "SUGARPLUM" crap is!<br /><br />
critique6661 Life is really too short for movies like this. I knew it couldn't be good when I realized what I'd already suspected - that David Schwimmer would be playing the exact same type of person he plays in 'Friends'.<br /><br />Let's face it either the guy can't play anything but a nerd or he is never offered any other parts. I have a feeling that it's a mixture of both.<br /><br />And I have to say that it is extremely difficult to like a movie that utterly wastes the considerable talents of Gwyneth Paltrow Barbara Hershey Toni Collette and Carol Kane!!!
critique6662 I'm not sure what the point of making this film was. It looked as if it was made by some historical society to be shown in your local 'Pistol Pete' museum. At first it appears that it could be the beginning of a Mad TV or SNL sketch. But then the joke is on you when there is no punchline and you realize that someone was taking this seriously. The story wasn't bad but the inclusion of the SASS members seemed to be a ploy (that worked) to get me to see the film. I swear the trailer listed every character in the film down to "dead cowboy #5". The reason Westerns are so fun is the atmosphere and the characters it brings. I just had the feeling I was watching Civil War rean-actors dressed up as cowboys. Not even worth the digital video it was recorded on.
critique6663 Although the film does have a fairly stylish look for an indie made on a really low budget that's not what I go to movies for. There wasn't one character I found sympathetic they all seemed to be absolutely clueless losers. Everything they attempt ends badly it's all too hopeless for me. Reviews refer to the Puffy Chair as a black comedy...comedy? The brother Rhett behaves like an escapee from an institution. When Josh talks to girl friend Emily about his brother he almost hints at Rhett not playing with a full deck. Nonetheless Josh performs a "wedding" for Rhett and a woman Rhett met just a few hours before. There were a few interesting performances by some of the characters encountered on the road. However for me the most telling thing was that people were walking out of the film...and I saw it at a free screening.
critique6664 If you like poor SE (some) bad acting and a total lack of credibility this is a movie for you. So a really cheap looking movie but I liked it anyway. Why? Because I like those kind of movies. I can't help but smile when I see these kind of movies....... What were the producers actors director and SE people thinking when they made this film? Don't expect an "Abyss" or "Alien" just a (very) low-budget horror/adventure movie.<br /><br />There is one nice "splatter"moment when a guy's head is shot off but for the most the horror is pretty tame. The final monster is pretty cool too.<br /><br />It's only 73 minutes long so you can t go wrong there. Maybe you can pick it up at your local videostore or watch it on TV. I'm sure you will have a good time watching it.<br /><br />But don't say you weren't warned.............
critique6665 Garden State is another of these "indie"-type pictures that supposedly skimp on production values for the sake of giving the audience some real true-to-life human drama. Oddly enough the production is very good so are the performances (by some fairly big-name actors as well). Where the picture is lacking is in Zach Braff's script which seems mostly culled from situations taken from other movies.<br /><br />When you're as young as Braff is you haven't really lived enough to use the experience as film fodder. Braff's experience looks to be from watching movies then repeating the same trite clichÃƒÂ©s in his own movie. In Garden State he plays Andrew Largeman a semi-successful Hollywood actor who returns to his hometown in New Jersey to bury his mother who took her own life after suffering in a wheelchair for many years. He appears to have no feeling about any of this; he has no relationship with his father who blames him for causing his mother's paralysis in a freak accident as a six-year-old and has no particular despondency over losing his mother (in fact he attends a party right after the burial to which he was invited by a friend of his who works as a cemetery grave-digger). It all smacks heavily of "Beautiful Girls" also about a guy who returns to his hometown to "find himself" and hang with his old friends with a little "Ordinary People" thrown in on the side. <br /><br />It's really a miracle Braff could accomplish anything at all in his life given his father and his useless friends (I'm surprised he didn't kill himself) who are still living their "lives" as though they're still in high school partying with dumb bimbos drinking and drugging etc. None of them even recognize him from his TV role as the "retarded quarterback" (Natalie Portman's character the most aware person in the movie does) and say things like "Hey I remember you from Junior year". These guys are such losers for them watching television would be a cultural leap forward. Even one friend who made millions inventing a silent Velcro has no real reason to live because his whole frame of reference is high school and partying. And you don't need big money to party like a high school sophomore.<br /><br />Braff it is revealed is heavily medicated which keeps from "feeling" and dealing with anything really like an adult would. Then he meets Sam (Natalie Portman) a sort-of lost girl who gives pet funerals and lives with her mother like a 10-year-old in a bedroom that looks like a pink doll house blown up to life size. Anyway they fall in love and Braff learns to "feel" again. The clichÃƒÂ©s come fast and furious. Braff has a long delayed heart-to-heart talk with his cold distancing father and tells him What It Is and The Name Of The Game. In one scene Braff and Portman are in the millionaire kid's house playing touchy-feely is front of a giant fireplace and the bit is so routine so standard movie-schtick I swear I half-expected somebody to walk up and throw a sled into the fire. In another Braff visits a doctor (Ron Liebman) to get his junk refilled and Liebman tells him (in easily the worst line in the movie) "The body can play tricks on you. I once found my ex-best-friend's cufflinks in my wife's purse and I didn't have an erection for a year and a half." Obviously no licensed physician would ever say that but it's dirtbag poetry a nod from Braff to I guess his loser friends to let them know he's still thinking of them just as the "37" joke in "Clerks" was Kevin Smith's nod to his dirtbag buddies. <br /><br />Anyway Braff finds true happiness and gets off the dope; the story plays itself out predictably. But if you're going to have a movie that's wall-to-wall clichÃƒÂ©s at least give it some charming performances to breathe some life into it. And Braff does. He has the right sort of vacancy of casual acceptance to make his role as the zonked-out Andrew both real and poignant and Natalie Portman (also of Beautiful Girls) gives the movie a big lift. With her tiny features and flickering expressions of mood she just about steals the picture as his traveling companion. Jean Smart is surprisingly good as Portman's mother and Peter Saarsgard (though much better in "Shattered Glass") is notable as the gravedigger friend. I would recommend "Garden State" if you can't get enough storybook romance out of movies but when people start hailing it as a masterpiece they're just clueless. Braff thinks you can take the same old tired plot write in a few "f**ks" and "awesomes" and slap on an acoustic rock soundtrack and that contemporizes the material. It doesn't.
critique6666 The story has little to do with Jack London's original novel. I thought the acting was very unnatural the dubbing was done very sloppily and the story itself contains a fairly large number of inconsistencies and loose ends. Apart from that the pace of the movie was horrendously slow at some parts.
critique6667 I am a massive fan of the LoG. I thought the first two series provided some of the best comedy this country has ever seen and the third series though different was wonderfully dark and imaginative. The thought of seeing Tubbs Edward and Briss on the big screen made July 3 something to wait for. Yet somewhere it all went horribly wrong. The writers had no story and no real ideas. The part set in old England showed the glimmers of genius that we know the League are capable of but these scenes did not fit well with the film. Geoff provided the best of too few largely poor jokes and Lipp and Briss's performances were big let-downs. If you love the League save yourself the time and money and watch episodes from the TV series again. And again. A massive disappointment.
critique6668 Mistress of the Craft Celeste works as an agent for the London branch of Interpol's Bureau 17 which specializes in (I think) occult criminals. She possesses the Eye of Destiny good in her hands dangerous if anyone else got it.<br /><br />Bureau 17 has caught a Satanist from California Hyde (no relation to Dr. Jekyll). Detective Lucy Lutz of LAPD flies to England to bring him back to the US. Lutz is the connection to the earlier Witchcraft movies having been played by Stephanie Beaton before in Witchcraft 9. In part 7 Lutz was played by another woman; in 6 Lutz was a man!<br /><br />Lutz's part in 9 was not terribly big but she's one of the main stars in this one. Though she's left behind her high heels and short skirts she still has revealing tops in this one. And this time around she has nude and sex scenes. Beaton is pretty appealing in the role.<br /><br />As usual there are a number of sex scenes. An anonymous clubgoer has a fatal threesome with two vampires the Satanist and head vampire get it on with some kink Lutz finds an English pal and Celeste and her boyfriend make love.<br /><br />The main recurring character of the Witchcraft series Will Spanner does not appear in this one although Lutz mentions him to Bureau 17 agent Dixon in a conversation about vampires. She also phones her partner Detective Garner (parts 6 7 and 9) though we don't hear his end of the conversation.<br /><br />Hyde is sprung from jail by a group of vampires led by Raven for a Walpurgis ritual having something to do with a god named Morsheba (I think). Hyde delivers all of his lines in a very flat manner while Raven overacts to a campy degree. The fight scenes are terribly choreographed.<br /><br />The audio in the movie was pretty poorly recorded and poorly edited. Additionally some dialogue gets lost under blaring music or sirens. Cinematography isn't great either. Having the movie set in and actually shot in the UK was a bit of a novelty though at least for this series.<br /><br />Wendy Cooper is very good as Celeste; attractive certainly but more importantly she's easily the best actor in the movie (bad fight scenes notwithstanding). I'm quite surprised her filmography is so small. If there's ever a Witchcraft XIV and I would bet there will be they should bring her back even if it means flying her to California!<br /><br />Witchcraft X is available on its own or in the DVD collection Hotter Than Hell along with Witchcraft XI and two unrelated movies.
critique6669 This one is a real stinker.<br /><br />The story just isn't up to par with most other TZ episodes. It's pretty boring though seeing Peter Falk made up as a Fidel Castro lookalike is kind of amusing.<br /><br />Whenever Twilight Zone would be aired at an unannounced hour in my hometown I'd grab a sandwich and a drink and settle in for some quality entertainment. 9 times out of 10 it wound up being THIS episode! Strange thing? This often happened to my mom (another TZ fan like me) as well. There were so many times that one of us would say to the other "I was all set to watch _The Twilight Zone_ and guess which episode was on? The Cuban Dictator episode!" Obviously some people like this episode as it gets a 6.7 rating ... how that happened I have no idea - but THAT in and of itself would make a great Twilight Zone plot!
critique6670 Production line collection of fart jokes that pretends 'Babe' was never made; the writers clearly hoped that the gimmick of seeing animals talk would be enough to keep the movie going. It's not. Eddie Murphy sells out yet again as a doctor who rediscovers his forgotten childhood gift for understanding the incessant and witless chatter of guinea pigs tigers rats dogs and pigeons. The voice cast is impressive (Albert Brooks Julie Kavner Reni Santoni John Leguizamo Garry Shandling Ellen DeGeneres Paul Reubens Brian Doyle-Murray) but the script is so unimaginative charmless and depressingly unfunny that the whole thing rattles down the bin chute pretty quickly.
critique6671 I seemed to find the trailers better than the movie. They did their job and made me interested in watching UNKNOWN. The interest waned early. A simple premise laking in scenery. Five men wake up in a chemical warehouse not knowing why they are there; let alone know how in the hell they got there. Confusion and paranoia brings with it fear and distrust. The men learn that a kidnapper is on his way with plans to kill his hostages. Now the men size each other up trying to distinguish if all are victims and who may actually be one of the kidnappers. The cast includes: Jim Caviezel Greg Kinnear Joe Pantoliano Bridget Moynahan Barry Peppper David Selby and Adam Rodriguez.
critique6672 Amateurish in the extreme. Camera work especially overwrought - documentary camera operators needn't spin around ALL THE TIME.<br /><br />The script is truly inane and the acting is even worse. On top of that the story is disjointed and meandering - with some gaping holes in logic. At one point the lead wishes to get thrown in jail in order to rub shoulders with suspected Al-Quada operatives and thus get an interview with Osama. I found the story entirely unbelievable as a result of so many flaws. The "filmmaker"/lead role really portrays a rash idiot frat boy. The only item of interest really is that the filmmakers did in fact film on location. It's truly a shame they wasted their opportunity to make something interesting.<br /><br />Who financed this crap?
critique6673 This film is hardly good not great at all. A few memorable scenes and the unlucky choice of pairing Norma Jean with an actual actress. Jane Russell has it all working for her Marilyn's lesser woman and/or actress. One can only wonder why this is considered being one of the highlights of her lame career. 3/10
critique6674 Imagine that you are asked by your date what movie you wanted to see and you remember seeing a rather intriguing trailer about "The Grudge." So in good faith you recommend seeing that movie. It is the Halloween season after all. And it did boffo box office this past weekend so it must be pretty good...so you go.<br /><br />And you're actually in a state of shock when the movie ends the way it does and you hear yourself audibly saying "that can't be the end of the movie...." But alas it is. <br /><br />And imagine coming out of the movie theater being embarrassed and ashamed for recommending such a dog of a movie. You think that your date thinks you're a bonehead for suggesting such an atrocity and your suggestion will certainly end a promising relationship. Actually it was so bad that both of us cracked up laughing at how bad it was. I see no future for Miss Gellar in the movies and suggest that she sticks to television in the future. Actually it won't be long before she is consigned to flea-market conventions selling Buffy memorabilia and it can't happen soon enough if you ask me. Horrible horrible horrible. The plot didn't make sense; continuity was terrible. It's apparent that the whole ending was contrived to have a "Grudge II--The Return of 'Cat-Boy'."
critique6675 A terrible movie as everyone has said. What made me laugh was the cameo appearance by Scott McNealy giving an award to one of the murdered programmers in front of a wall of SUN logos. McNealy is the CEO of SUN Microsystem a company that practically defines itself by its hatred of Microsoft. They have been instrumental in filing antitrust complaints against Microsoft. So were they silly enough to think this bad movie would add fuel to that fire?<br /><br />There's no public record I see of SUN's involvement but clearly the makers of this movie know Scott McNealy. An interesting mystery.
critique6676 Yes I admire the independent spirit of it all but it's like Road Trip with a bad cast and no budget.<br /><br />I chuckle when I watch American comedies I don't laugh. This movie made me laugh but only because of the abundantly obvious attempts to simulate high-budget American high school/pot-flicks.<br /><br />If you want good independent American comedy with pot-references go watch Kevin Smith or Richard Linklater flicks or something. Don't waste your time on this piece of sh't movie.<br /><br />I mean how can you take these comments seriously when most people are complaining about the characters not smoking pot!<br /><br />And by the way: in Norway it's called "Dude Where's My Pot"!
critique6677 I had to lower my rating of this movie to a 4 due to the terrible sound track. I'm pretty sure it was not a problem with me or the tape because some actors and the sound track sounded great. But most of the actors voices were distorted or garbled beyond recognition especially for non-brits.<br /><br />There are plenty of cute little twists that would make this an enjoyable movie - ending up in Bosnia by mistake is great - but much of the humor was lost in the sound.
critique6678 What Is It? is a mish-mash of bizarre recurring motifs (snails Shirley Temple swastikas and overtly racist music among others) unfettered by any sort of narrative or plot or character development. The whole thing struck me as self-consciously "freak show" and I don't mean only the unusual casting decisions. It has the feel of a bad acid trip far beyond any level of drug use one might attribute to Hunter S. Thompson or William S. Burroughs. The only movie to which I can compare it is Eraserhead (my second-least-favorite film of all time) which was by intent much more depressing but I still found What Is It? a total waste of my time. It's one thing to give me a peek into the inner workings of someone else's mind -- even someone else's chemically altered consciousness -- but quite another to just throw weird visuals at me purely for the sake of weirdness.
critique6679 It's a bit unnerving when a studio declines to screen a film for the press before it goes into wide release. That many movies suck is no surprise but when a studio itself admits as much ahead of time the process of movie-going becomes a passion play of sorts. Consider it an early Christmas gift from Hollywood then that "Aeon Flux" isn't nearly the affront to taste and decency one might expect given the above. Though ultimately overwhelmed by its flaws it at least has (sort of) an idea with which to toy around. Too bad director Karyn Kusama seems to have little clue how to execute it all.<br /><br />It's the future. There's been a plague. There is a dictatorship and there are rebels. The latter are known as the Monicans and far from being a cult of beret or tennis racket worshipers they're into attempts to overthrow the former called the Goodchild regime. The regime is occasionally mean to the citizenry which is more than Aeon Flux (Charlize Theron) and her pals can stand. Through some sort of biochemical virtual reality technology the Monicans receive orders from their dear leader (Frances McDormand) a mystical priestess-type who appears to have been cross-bred with a carrot. It falls to Aeon to strap on some form-fitting futuristic spandex get-ups to carry out the High Carrot's orders which are of course some version of "destroy the regime." Having years earlier watched her sister get liquidated by the Goodchilds she needs little convincing.<br /><br />Not surprisingly things get complicated. The Goodchilds might not be quite what they seem and Aeon herself might have an unexpected history with them. Though occasionally muddled the film's central conceit (of which I won't reveal more) contains some neat notions about the nature of human existence and survival. There's room for much more examination of which the film doesn't take advantage but the ideas are there at least. The big problems of "Aeon Flux" are technical. Kusama has made the baffling decision to film nearly all the action so close that we can rarely follow what's going on. To make matters worse it's edited in a flurry of jump cuts that leave us completely lost. The result is some serious spacial disorientation that takes over the film. "Aeon Flux"'s aesthetic is one of sleek costume oddly-angled architecture and nimble characters. Much of the action occurs in minimalist open spaces that beg for some unbroken long shots that might convey the grace and athleticism implied by the above. Instead we get split seconds of flying limbs breaking glass and accompanying sound effects.<br /><br />There is a pretty good movie trying to get out of the morass of "Aeon Flux." Put this stuff in the hands of the Wachowski brothers say and the results could be quite different. As it is though I felt like "Aeon Flux" was willfully pushing me away from a movie I wanted to enjoy. This film is unattuned to its own strengths. Like a novice poker player dealt a royal flush it somehow finds a way to lose in spite of its potential.
critique6680 I couldn't spoil this piece of crap if I wanted to. After watching Dark Harvest 1 I thought "this has got to be the worse movie ever made" then I watched Dark Harvest 2 and that made 1 seem a little better. Then I watched Dark Harvest 3 or tried too. The only thing I have to say is "when is this going to end?" Very bad acting and really bad special effects the only good thing about this movie was the boob shot. Don't waste your time of money on this piece of crap... And now I have to write 3 more lines to get this to submit. I was going to sing a song but I can't think of any right now. But the movie finally ended (though it had an ending that might mean they are going to make another one of these)
critique6681 I question its importance to Queer Cinema as it seems to be more about having a homosexual encounter via violent behavior than making any clear statements regarding homosexuality and violence.<br /><br />Three tales are tangled together in a rather sloppy manner. I found myself trying to untangle the messy narrative in the first 15 minutes that alone didn't sit well with me. Weak plot points were endlessly repeated as though we might not have gotten it the first 10 times.<br /><br />There was a feeling of padded dialog throughout the film. More like a 45 minute Boy's Brief short rather than a fleshed out full-length film. It had a certain erotic flair male nudity and sex appeal but overall the sum did not equal its parts.<br /><br />The 1st part: Boxer/Stalker storyline was the strongest and yet it too felt like it had been pulled thin. Bob has been following Tim for four years and only now is he confronting him? I felt as though their cat-mouse game was not developed enough to merit its conclusion. We needed more information about them and less Parking Lot/Locker scenes with Tim relentlessly saying "What do you want?" <br /><br />The 2nd part: Danny wants his buddy Tony to beat him up while he jacks-off. Tony doesn't seem to mind but he doesn't even appear interested in exploring the implications of his homo erotic hobby -- not even after they do it in the nude. This tale lacks the all-important transition from "I'm a straight boy smacking my guy friend around for fun" to "I think I might be gay and hitting him because I'd like to spread his ass and do him S/M style." A very important thing to leave out.<br /><br />Clearly these stories each could have conveyed their points in half the time. The 3rd part with the man and woman slapping each other around adds to that thought. Furthermore it was unnecessary and added nothing to the film. Yes the actors did a fine job under the circumstances and the four male leads were very sexy. The make-up (bruises and cuts) however was on par with a grammar school talent show.<br /><br />There wasn't enough meat to this story to have any impact on the gay politic. The film made no statement squandered time and is not engaging or worthy enough for thoughtful investment. Its fatal flaw is its amateurish approach that makes it ultimately impossible to take seriously.
critique6682 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique6683 A new guard in in the armored truck gig is recruited by his co-workers to steal 42 million from the truck. No bad guys so no one will get hurt right? Of course things go wrong and the new guard decides to have a conscience and make things right by saving the life of a dying man.<br /><br />I'll admit that I didn't really have any interest in this film but I didn't have any interest in Fantastic Mr Fox either and that film made my top ten of the year. Armored is even more of a disappointment then I thought it would be. As a heist film it fails to deliver the goods it's boring and full of plot holes and leaps in logic that one will hurt themselves thinking about it.<br /><br />Despite this the film somehow has a really great cast but the film doesn't even use this to it's advantage. Everyone seems wasted in wooden characters that make stupid choices. Columbus Short is an uninteresting lead that is never charismatic and never makes the audience want to give a crap. Matt Dillon is the mastermind behind the heist and he plays Mr. Nice Guy at first then when things don't go his way he quickly becomes the villain. The rest of the impressive cast include Lawrence Fisburn Jean Reno Skeet Ulrich Fred Ward Amaury Nolasco from Prison Break and Milo Ventimiglia from Heros. Non of them do much and when they actually do something it's without much reasoning behind it.<br /><br />The film is relatively short but even with it's running time under 90 minutes it felt dragged out. How long can you make a movie about a guy trapped somewhere? Phonebooth did a decent job and it was even more restricted. The leaps of logic concerning the plot here are tragic. 42 million and all the security they have are check ins every hour or so? The entire plan from my understanding was to drive the trucks into an abandoned warehouse and hide the money. Pretend to get hit and burn the trucks. They would then walk away with the money. Of course something goes wrong or there would be no movie right? Through a series of unfortunate events out so called hero has trapped himself inside the truck with an injured officer. The rest of the movie is Dillion and his crew banging on the doors to get in. How very exciting.<br /><br />The script calls for our hero to have financial problems he might lose his house which would in turn make him lose his brother. You see both their parents died and it's just the two of them looking out for each other. So now he has a reason to join the heist. At first he didn't want in but his money problems is just the right push to throw him in the thick of things. How convenient. <br /><br />Armored's whole spin on the heist genre is that it's from an armored truck from the guys who drive it. After that basic premise the film falls flat on it's face. I found myself wanting it to end sooner and sooner each time someone spoke. Speaking of the ending it sucks. <br /><br />Skip it.
critique6684 I hope the viewer who regards 'Dream Machine' as one of Corey Haim's finest and the "best movies of the century" was kidding. Undetected sarcasm on my part? I sincerely hope so.<br /><br />'The Dream Machine' marks the first of a long line of mediocre capers that would plague the rest of Corey Haim's career (except 'Prayer of the Rollerboys' which was surprisingly decent). Here Haim plays nonchalant college boy Bernie who supposes that a cool car will attract his dream girl's attention. Lucky for Bernie a rich woman aiming to get back at her cheating husband hastily decides to reward her faithful piano tuner--Bernie--with a gift: a slick Porsche Turbo. However unbeknownst to the woman and unfortunate for Bernie is that her dead husband was murdered and his body was hidden in the trunk. Now being that in this movie bodies don't seem to decay or possess a rather foul funk Bernie is unaware of this. In fact the oblivious boy has no idea that something suspicious is afoot despite several odd circumstances that arise. In particular a grizzly man follows him around desperate to get hold of that body relatively undetected.<br /><br />This is a low-grade action fizzle as many of Haim's films like this are (see The Double O Kid). Despite being part action part romantic comedy this movie fails to offer the viewer much of anything of interest for at least the first forty-five minutes in which the filmmakers take more than enough time to show the immediate problem (i.e. Bernie being in possession of a car and a dead body and a hit-man finding out that the Porsche is going to be hard to find). After which and thanks to poor acting by Haim (I loved this kid too but it's not exactly sacrilegious to admit the times when he obviously couldn't act well) and the lack of real immediacy and emergency between Bernie and the villain that makes much of the events unconvincing and as a result inappreciable. To add injury to insult the soundtrack was unbelievably laughable and sounded more like self-evident songs you would hear in Team America (see the 'date' montage).<br /><br />Loyal Corey Haim fans however should not be disappointed to see their boy in abundance. However others understanding that Haim's career probably peaked when he was 14 or 15 and never recovered might expect mediocrity as will viewers just looking for early 90s b-comedy fluff to pass the time.
critique6685 This game was terrible. I think they worked too hard on the visuals and didn't do much with the gameplay which is the most important part. I mean the visuals look incredible but is the game really "fun"? NO! I mean it's like "hey let's jump off buildings" and all I'm doing is holding up and A/X. The game play just isn't there and I don't agree with what Ubisoft did because they had this hot girl (the producer of the game Jade Raymond) and they were like "OK we've got this hot girl let's pimp her" and if you go to gaming websites you're not gonna see gameplay stuff of Assassin's Creed you'll see her face with a microphone and it'll be like "We interviewed Jade Raymond about her favorite cookies!" It's like man shut the F*@K UP WHO CARES?! Apparently...a lot of people do because they bought the game and like it...I mean compare this game with Super Mario Galaxy. A Wii game that really doesn't abuse the Wii Remote but STILL is very innovative and delivers in the most important part GAMEPLAY! They were able to do a bit of everything with Mario Galaxy the graphics were still stunning the music in the game was orchestrated and sounded amazing and THAT'S a game that deserves game of the year. NOT Assassin's Creed man it doesn't even deserve to even be a NOMINEE for Game of the Year. The hype around this game where it was like "oh it's the next generation of gaming"....really? I think not! So let me get this straight here because I think the people liking this game are only liking it because they're Jade fans so I'll tell you guys JADE WILL NOT MAKE OUT WITH YOU OR ANYTHING IF YOU LOVE OR DEFEND THIS GAME! If you want a REAL game on the PS3 get Uncharted: Drake's Fortune if you want a REAL game for the Xbox 360 get Call of Duty 4 (and a ton of other games too) and if you want a REAL game just in all the systems? GET SUPER MARIO GALAXY! I know this comment will be hated by many but seriously pressing two buttons for doing all this cool stuff is that REALLY a fun game? The only reason why other games make it more complicated is because after it'll end up being more innovative and fun. And this game just isn't it.<br /><br />1.3/10 A LIVING HELL!
critique6686 I had the funny chance of seeing this on Mystery Science Theater 3000 four years ago. I must admit it wasn't as badly done as some other science fiction/horror movies of the time. The plot revolved around an astronaut that came back to earth with alien embryo's inside of him. Now the plot is quite weird well if you can even call that a plot. (Seeing a space program run out of one building and an old pickup truck is drop-dead funny!) I'll admit it was horrible by today's standards (and 20 years ago)...but I can see myself 43 years ago watching and being charmed by this movie. It's not even close to the badness of Invasion of the Neptune Men Manos: Hands of Fate or Future War.<br /><br />
critique6687 Hybrid starts as water treatment planet security guard Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) is involved in an accident which leaves him blind. Luckily it just so happens that brilliant scientist Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman) who works for Olaris has developed an operation to transplant organs from one species to another Hewitt decides Aaron would be perfect for her first human experiment. Hewitt & her team transplant the eyes of a Wolf into Aaron & he miraculously regains his sight. Brilliant right? Well no not really since Aaron starts to go mad as he sees random images of Wolves & starts to develop a lust for blood. Aaron escapes the Olaris building & goes on the run but he is too valuable to just let go & a full scale search is mounted to capture him...<br /><br />Directed by Yelena Lanskaya this is yet another Sci-Fi Channel offering that is quite simply put terrible in every possible way I think it probably started out life as a straight 'Creature Feature' but ended up as one of the most boring & dull Sci-Fi Channel films I have seen that doesn't even feature any sort of monster or creature. Hybrid is awful the script is terrible & I am not even sure who it was meant to appeal to. The initial set-up is OK with Aaron getting Wolf eyes but then Hybrid ditches the sci-fi elements & becomes some sort of horrible drama as it focuses entirely on Aaron's mental state as he wonders around doing nothing in particular with some Native American woman. Yep you don't think the Sci-Fi Channel could make a film about Wolves & put loads of rubbish about Native American mythology in there as well do you? The dynamics of the character's is bizarre Aaron is shown as the persecuted hero yet he is the only character to kill anyone in the film & is a fairly unlikable ungrateful & annoying person while Dr. Hewitt is shown as the evil scientist yet she gives Aaron back his sight & does nothing but try to help him. I mean Aaron is given back the gift of sight yet Hewitt is the villain? Also the regular Sci-Fi Channel staple of US military intervention is present the problem is why do they want Aaron so badly? He isn't a soldier & while he has Wolves eyes to help him see in the dark he's utterly unremarkable. The script can't make it's mind up whether it's all in Aaron's mind or it's real the ending is hilariously bad with a half naked (rememeber this was made for telly) Aaron running through a forest with a pack of Wolves set to some horrible music that I think is supposed to be emotional but makes it even more funny. There are so many things wrong with Hybrid it's slower than hell there's virtually no action there's no Werewolves & the film goes round in circles trying to get into Aaron's mind yet it's all so ridiculous silly & boring you won't care one bit & there's never any explanation as to why despite just having Wolves eyes transplanted Aaron starts to develop other Wolf senses.<br /><br />As a diabetic I have problems with my eyes hell I have had major surgery on my right eye & I can guarantee you that after an operation your eye would be puffed up you wouldn't be able to open it & it would hurt like hell yet despite having eye transplants as soon as Aaron wakes up in bed his eyes are perfect with no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects no blood or gore or violence & nothing to excite you. In fact now I think about it there's nothing even remotely horror or sci-fi feeling about this it feels like a drab film of the week.<br /><br />Filmed in Manitoba in Canada the film looks OK but is bland & forgettable. The acting is poor from all involved none of whom I have seen before & hopefully never again.<br /><br />Hybrid is a terrible film that is obviously marketed as some Werewolve 'Creature Feature' but is far from that & most people will really struggle to get to the awful ending which will probably have you in stitches.
critique6688 This film is a total bore. Entrapment is way better in all aspects plot acting stunts etc. Plus the soundtrack is one of the most annoying I've ever heard. I was close to muting the film just to shut it up. 3 out of 10 stars ***
critique6689 This film is an attempt to present Jared Diamonds theory of "Guns Germs and Steel" explaining how Europeans have dominated much of the globe.<br /><br />The version I saw of this documentary came on 2 discs covering 3 hours. I think the information could have been presented in 20 minutes. There are completely useless scenes of: Professor Jared Diamond watching birds through binoculars Professor Jared Diamond failing to use a bow and arrow properly Professor Jared Diamond firing a muzzle-loader badly. Was this documentary supposed to make a hero out of "Professor Jared diamond?". This part of the documentary was so bad it could have been a spoof. The worst was when Diamond is shown breaking down and weeping when touring the malaria ward in an African hospital. None of this helps me understand his theory of "Guns Germs and Steel." BTW "Guns Germs and Steel" is said about 100 times. "Can the Europeans guns germs and steel get them out of this dire situation? Stay tuned and find out!" When he finally gets down to business his theory is equal parts interesting and utterly boring. Europeans conquered the natives peoples of other lands because they had guns and fine blades against stone and wooden weapons. Do I really need a professor to convince me of this? The parts of his theory that explain how the Europeans came to have the advantages that allow the conquest are interesting but the coverage is paper-thin.<br /><br />In the end I think the documentary was only trying to convince me that non-Europeans are as capable as Europeans. If I'm not a racist I already know this. If I'm a racist Jared Diamond is not going to convince me with his bumbling use of native implements.<br /><br />I don't think adults are the intended audience for this documentary. Kids may enjoy this more than I though. I have read that the book from which this documentary is much better than the documentary.
critique6690 This movie stars Ben Kingsley as Frank a hit man for some Russian mobsters based out of Buffalo. He is also a raging alcoholic and this has caused his job performance to decline. After he falls asleep in his car during a would-be hit his mob boss uncle sends him to San Francisco where he is to attend AA meetings and get a job as a mortician's assistant. If you're thinking that this makes absolutely no sense you're not alone.<br /><br />It gets worse. Well it actually gets better but not before getting much much worse. Frank suddenly becomes a master mortician in spite of a complete lack of training but his reactions with the people in the funeral home and the AA meetings are interesting. The viewer starts to root for him as they notice positive changes in his life. Luke Wilson is a welcome addition as Frank's sponsor although he is given almost nothing to do (his character does tell us he is gay but this ends up having no significance whatsoever). The movie plunges headlong into idiocy with the introduction of the Tea Leoni character. She is completely unrealistic and her role as a love interest to Frank flounders as the two actors have no chemistry together. Around the time she comes into the picture Frank becomes much less engrossing as a character. His characterization is seemingly random; there is no consistency in his behavior. The comedy is low-key and only intermittently funny especially disappointing considering the comedic pedigree of the cast.<br /><br />Problems abound in this one. Kingsley's accent is terrible and inconsistent. It alternates between Italian Russian and Hispanic. Throughout the course of the movie Frank tells numerous people he is a hit man (including an entire AA group) but nobody seems to care or wants to do anything about it. The movie relies on clichÃƒÂ© scenes to carry it through its final act most notably when Leoni's insufferable character chases Frank down at the airport just when he is about to board a flight back to Buffalo.<br /><br />Though it has a strong premise and an interesting first half-hour the movie quickly becomes a total disaster and devolves into complete nonsense. At the end of the film Frank celebrates one year of sobriety. I hope to celebrate many many years of not having seen "You Kill Me". <br /><br />My Grade: D+
critique6691 Words almost fail me to describe how terrible this Irish vanity project (funded by Canadian taxpayers - both federal and Albertan) really is.<br /><br />There's a sudden appearance by a nice looking Canadian woman (Kathy Ranheim) who in real life was a star athlete in Alberta for no other reason to ensure Canadian content. Credits also indicate that certain Calgary pubs were of assistance.<br /><br />Everything here is poorly filmed and at least third-hand (chunks of poorly digested Trainspotting Lock Stock Snatch and Reservoir Dogs are the most obvious steals). Avoid like the plague unless you fancy one of those campy "so bad it's almost funny" nights in front of your telly.
critique6692 I entered the theater to Sky Captain in 2004 expecting a good film. Nearly every review of this movie had been positive the effects looked enticing the previews convincing.<br /><br />Needless to say disappointment actually doesn't describe the feeling I got from this film. It was rage.<br /><br />Beyond being boring and poorly written the reason this film gets a 2 out of 10 stars is because everything in the film was stolen from another source. I understand the difference between an homage and stealing: this was stealing. More importantly it seems that the filmmakers didn't steal to progress a point or move the plot along. They stole just to show that they could. There is literally no point to showing a clip of The Wizard of Oz in a theater at the beginning of the movie except to set up another scene (that I won't elaborate on) which steals from the same film. Needless to say every concept in the film was neither original nor even a spin on an old concept: it was literally just a rehash of something I had already seen from pulp-era robots reminiscent of the old Superman Cartoons and the recent film "The Iron Giant" to the silent martial artist minion of the villain that has been used in countless films most recognizable in recent years as Darth Maul in "Star Wars: The Phantom Menace".<br /><br />On the subject of the actual film most of the performances were completely wooden. Perhaps this is because the entire movie was done on a blue-screen with computer imagery filling in everything save the actors. Frankly this is no excuse for poor acting. If a person was ever a child they understand that a lack of visual reference is no excuse for not trying.<br /><br />Finally there is no humanity in this film. The protagonists are the only real human beings here. Nearly all the antagonists are robots and the number of friendly characters that are shown during the film can be counted on one hand. If robots are attacking the entire planet shouldn't we expect to see masses of humanity running from them? The sub-par performance of the main characters prevents us from connecting to really anything here.<br /><br />The film wasn't the worst movie out there which is why I didn't give it a 1. Rather the film was an example of all that is wrong with modern action films: the filmmakers tried to justify the movie with special effects but without artistic vision or originality of any kind it falls flat.
critique6693 Start with the premise that you will do anything to replace your lost love with a look-alike. Throw in your scientific knowledge of a deforming disease (isn't this the stuff that Leo G. Carroll contracted from the spider venom in "Tarantula"). Throw in the fact that the main character instead of finding some way to attract the young woman engages in heavy-handed stalking until he totally draws attention to himself and has to hatch this insane plot: If he can make the girl's father sick then help him recover she will marry him. The problem is that most of the events are random and unpredictable. Anyone with half a brain would have seen through things. There's a third party a woman that the doctor played by J. Carroll Naish has treated with great insensitivity. You know she is going to be a factor. There's also a gorilla kept in a cage who is used occasionally for heaven know's what. Oh well. There is so little sense to this who thing that it plays itself out and people get their just desserts.
critique6694 This movie is not only boring it is also really badly done. The graphics are so bad they are not even second rate - they are dreadful. The characters do not show any facial expresssions the voice acting is empty and without any soul and the plot absolutely lacks .... well... anything and everything. My 5 year old likes it - but thinks it's a bit boring. I agree with him.
critique6695 Basic slasher movie premise 3 young ladies wreck their car and end up staying with a creepy family. YAWN.<br /><br />Watching 36 minutes of a premonition of OJ's car chase with a white sedan instead of a bronco. YAWN.<br /><br />Old lady with hot and cold dementia controlling her daughter... YAWN<br /><br />23 minutes of watching the actors eat - YAWN Trying to identify what the heck they are eating ... OK there might be a drinking game here ... nope - YAWN <br /><br />Complimentary shower scenes ... OK got my interest for a couple of seconds.<br /><br />Completely random and uninspired killings ... YAWN <br /><br />The ending ... dude! that psycho is deranged - why couldn't the rest of the movie be like the last 5 minutes... unfortunately that is it - My advice - fast forward to the last five minutes and watch that and then put something good in the player - for me I am going back to sleep.
critique6696 Other reviews have talked about how frank this film is especially in terms of male frontal nudity. Well those who've seen Grande Ecole with its frequently naked actors and expect something similar are in for a big disappointment. Other than a few seconds in the judo team locker room the two leads' side by side shower lasts a grand total of 15 seconds. The female lead has comparably brief frontal moments. A lot of this film's marketing is geared to the gay male audience but those expecting even a hint of homoeroticism between the two male leads (best friends who have a three-way with the girlfriend of one of them) will be most disappointed. There is not even the hint of either one's being interested in the other or even scarcely aware that the other is part of the menage a trois. As a film Douches Froides is curiously uninvolving; the viewer gets very little sense of who these three young people are of how they are feeling of why they behave as they do. About one hour of the original cut was deleted; perhaps this is why the finished film seems frustratingly undeveloped. Stick with Grande Ecole a French film which more than delivers on its promises.
critique6697 'Airport 4' is basically a slopped together mess for Universal Studios to try and work a new twist - the Concorde supersonic airliner - into their 'disaster-in-the-sky' formula.<br /><br />Bogged down with unintentional humor the best of which is when George Kennedy sticks his hand out of Concorde's window at supersonic speed to fire a flare gun at a heat-seeking missile following the aircraft's flight path and the simple fact that these dumb passengers keep re-boarding the same plane to continue their flight despite all the problems in the air. Many stars in this one including Robert Wagner Sylvia Kristel Alain Delon and Martha Raye as a nervous passenger. <br /><br />Not really related to the other 'Airport' films.
critique6698 A real blow-up of the film literally. This British film is boringly made.<br /><br />What an exciting plot! A terrorist places bombs on a train. How could the writers and producers of this stinker turn this into such a dull story?<br /><br />Glenn Ford as the expert called upon to defuse the bomb is given awful writing material to work with. Naturally just as he is called in his wife Anne Vernon is about to leave him. No wonder we never heard of Miss Vernon. After such a film it would be enough to end her career.<br /><br />That elderly man who loved trains and interferes is our 1953 version of senile dementia. I thought it was highly insulting to show this man even at the end.
critique6699 Put the film down and back slowly away. The acting rivals a highschool play the plot is treadworn and the production values are slightly higher than community theater. The goofs are so plentiful that it becomes a laugher. Rooms are switched around the dead move dogs are used for wolves men shot point blank with .45 caliber pistols are able to walk and ride snowmobiles blouses button and unbutton without human touch... this is a baaaaaaaaaddddddd movie. I nearly passed out when I saw the average rating. There is no accounting for taste. BTW there is no nudity.
critique6700 okay let's cut to the chase - there's no way i can give this anything other then 1 out of 10; and yet you have to see it! The acting is bad but is nothing like as bad as the script which itself pales before the production values. Cardboard axes? yup we've got then. Car floor mats painted silver and used as armour? here it is!<br /><br />The film itself pretends to be artistic but is just cheap; the same shots are used repeatedly - especially in the drawn out fight scenes; there is (thankfully!) very little dialogue and there is much 'artistic' music to ram home the horror!<br /><br />And yet all this awfulness is compelling - you have to watch it through just so that you can say you've seen it. I've not even got onto the barren sets the 'plot' or the risible special effects; this really is the 'how not to do it' school of filmmaking. This must be viewed - spread the word and let the world all join together in puzzling over what on earth is happening at the end<br /><br />The best thing though is that they made a sequel.
critique6701 Meek and mild Edward G. Robinson (as Wilbert Winkle) decides to quit his bank job and do what he wants open a "fix-it" repair shop behind his house. Mr. Robinson is married but childless; he has befriended local orphanage resident Ted Donaldson (as Barry). Young Donaldson is an eager workshop assistant and sees Robinson as a father figure. Robinson's nagging wife Ruth Warwick (as Amy) is unhappy with Robinson's job choice and conspires to return matters to her idea of normalcy. Their lives are further disrupted when Robinson is drafted.<br /><br />The war also disrupts what might have been an interesting story as Robinson's character struggles against a domineering unsympathetic wife. Possibly filmmakers are showing how war can save marriages and positively redirect lives. Robinson and Donaldson are a likable team. Robert Mitchum has an inauspicious bit part. The ending "trick" played by Ms. Warwick and Donaldson is predictably staged.
critique6702 Model Chris McCormack (Margaux Hemingway) is brutally raped by a teacher (Chris Sarandon) of her sister Kathy (Mariel Hemingway). He is brought to trial but goes totally free. He then rapes Kathy!<br /><br />Objectionable and sick rape film. This movie was advertised as an important drama dealing with rape. What it is is a badly written and (for the most part) badly acted drama. It purports to be sympathetic to the victim of the rape but shoves the scene in our face. To be totally honest however Hemingway's acting is so bad in that sequence that it loses any real impact it might have had. The trial scenes were boring and predictable. And the movie just went too far when 15 year old Mariel is raped (thankfully that wasn't shown). I do admit though that it did lead to a great ending when Margaux grabs a gun and shoots Sarandon dead. But seriously--having a young girl raped is just revolting.<br /><br />Acting doesn't help. For instance Margaux was no actress. She was certainly a beautiful woman (and an actual model I believe) but her acting left a lot to be desired. It lessens the film. Mariel was just OK but this was one of her first films. Sarandon does what he can as the rapist. He wasn't bad but the terrible script worked against him.<br /><br />I do remember hearing that at a screening of this back in 1976 some women stood up and cheered when Sarandon was killed so maybe this works for some people. I found this boring simplistic and REALLY sick. A 1 all the way.
critique6703 I suppose I'm supposed to take something like this with a grain of salt. These laboratory movies (and yes they spend a lot of time in the laboratory) always fail in one dimension: there is an understanding that single people fooling around have uncovered secrets beyond the comprehension of anyone to this time. Of course they pay a price because their experimenting has the same shortcomings that Dr. Frankenstein's did. There is always something they didn't anticipate. There are so many things from pure science to fashion for young ladies to outrageous cover ups that don't work here. The young woman is certainly fetching and the doctor can't help himself but he could have been a little bit discreet or even made an effort to shelter what he was doing. Things go wrong and because of this intellect she gains tremendous power including an understanding of how she came to be. Rock Hudson looks pretty fit here. He never quite makes it in this role however. It wanders all over with lots of clichÃƒÂ©s and silliness which diminishes the basic issue. Once she has her revenge a more suitable thing would be for her to wander off and allow him to seek her out and destroy her in some grand way.
critique6704 I believe that war films should try to convey the terror of war avoid idealism and respect some rudimentary military principles. Zvezda barely does the first. Zvezda being a Russian war film I was expecting patriotism sentimentality beautiful poetic pictures a lush score Slavic cheekbones and cruel Germans. What I didn't need was the naive love non-affair the unrealistically silly war scenes and the abuse of the syrupy soundtrack in a film which avoided carefully all historical or political references (Stalinism Nazism Holocaust) only to end on a passing but nonetheless insulting to our sense of history endnote about "liberating Poland". A missed opportunity as a film but not as propaganda apparently.
critique6705 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I could hardly stay awake. The acting and the plot were horrible. I like B-movies but this movie has nothing that could make me laugh or think about. OK there were two or three funny moments at the beginning so I have to give this movie 2 out of 10. If you really want to watch it watch the first 10 minutes. After that you will get more and more disappointed while the movie runs.
critique6706 The Core meets "Crack in the World" (1965 made for TV). The acting is stock the suspense predictable. Once you subtract all of the plot ripped off from "The Core" - basically the manned drilling machine - you end up with the plot of "Crack in the World". "Crack" was a truly excellent movie starring Dana Andrews. His team of scientists working in South Africa drilled down to the crust and "punched through" with a nuclear device in order to provide a steady source of geothermic energy. One of his subordinates also a brilliant scientist disagrees. He believes that the blast will not drill a simple hole but will instead form cracks in the crust. (Possible spoiler) He is right. In order to stop the resultant crack from destroying the earth they must place another nuclear device in the path of the crack. <br /><br />Although I have placed a spoiler warning i don't know if I really spoiled anything for either movie. And since "Crack in the World is only available in very rare VHS format if at all my decision not to reveal whether or not the counter-blast works is probably academic.<br /><br />All in all I rate "Descent' just below average.
critique6707 Yes bad acting isn't only one thing to mention. Bad scriptnot so bad music. Unfortunately.<br /><br />Nice girl and nice boy with perfect bodies and super teeth just isn't enough for me and for you too.<br /><br />First thing in the morning after crash they go to swim to the sea to have some fun !!! Smiling ...<br /><br />They find everything in the sea. I mean things like fishing-net knife scuba dive things ropes bottles husband ...<br /><br />Woodoo stuff  are you kidding. Stupid. They are so happy on the island they are going to die and they are happy. Love peace. Love. Just stupid.<br /><br />Terrible skip this one please.
critique6708 Gene Hackman gets himself busted out of prison by a nameless government agency who want him for an assassination. It's a given of course that Hackman has the proficient skills for the job.<br /><br />Nobody tells him anything though he's given as the audience is given bits and pieces of information. That's supposed to be suspenseful instead it's annoying and boring. <br /><br />Hackman goes through with the mission but the getaway is messed up and the guy at the top of this mysterious entity orders everybody dead to cover it up. So everyone in the cast dies and at the end you don't really care.<br /><br />One of the other reviewers pointed out that the film was originally twice as long almost three hours and got chopped down quite a bit. Maybe something really was lost in the translation but I tend to think it was a mercy act on the audience.<br /><br />A very talented cast that had people like Richard Widmark Candice Bergen Mickey Rooney Eli Wallach and Edward Albert is so thoroughly wasted here it's a crime. <br /><br />And we never do find out just what federal agency was doing all this the FBI the CIA the DEA or even the IRS.
critique6709 The worst movie I have seen in a while. Yeah its fun to fantasize but if that is what you are looking for I suggest you see Brewsters Millions. This was just terrible and corny and terrible at being corny. Unless you are five or like terrible movies don't see this one.
critique6710 One would think (as I did) that with Steve Martin Goldie Hawn and John Cleese a movie should be at the very least decent. These stars (especially Martin and Cleese) have produced some of the funniest works of comedy of all time.<br /><br />Well apparently I was grossly mistaken--this is single-handedly one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It boggles my mind how one joke after the other can be so profoundly unfunny. It pained me to watch these talented actors execute one of the most positively lame scripts I have had the misfortune to come across. Based solely on the big names I remained hopeful for a long time through the duration of the film but it consistently failed to provide any entertainment whatsoever.<br /><br />Normally both with movies and in life I try to stay away from biased comments and broad generalizations. But with this film it's hard not to let loose. I can count on one hand perhaps even two or three fingers major Hollywood productions that left me more bitter than this. This is easily one of the worst comedies ever made.<br /><br />I tried to enjoy this---I really did. But The Out-of-Towners ultimately fails miserably. If you really want time-efficient entertainment just take your money and watch it swirl as you flush it down the toilet. Just please don't watch this movie.
critique6711 You don't have to spend much time watching this made for TV movie or series pilot or whatever it was intended to be to figure out just what lies in store. The incredibly bad musical score makes its debut from the start. Seriously if this isn't the worst theme I've ever heard I certainly can't remember it. While the acting talent is available here from Jeff Bridges to Carl Betz Vera Miles and Sal Mineo the writing is atrocious and the story is contrived filled with insipid stereotypes and an obvious ripoff from Ken Kesey. Why must Hollywood always present tales from the sixties as if the so-called hippies were all unidimensional morons? It's too bad that such an interesting era in our exceptionally conformist social experience is generally depicted by out and out garbage so that the least offensive of the genre is now accepted as reasonably authentic when almost none of it comes even close to the way things really were. The best I've seen to date is a memoir called Looking Back by a guy named Becker but who else has even heard of it? No one in Hollywood that's for sure. They're too busy pushing tripe like this groaner of a movie to bother with reality.
critique6712 one of the worst excuses for an irish accents i've heard. from a truly great actor too. its a bad irish accent not to mention a dublin accent (which is completely different) anyway the film is loosely based around the story of ganglord martin cahill and its done much much much better with brendan gleeson in the title role in THE GENERAL
critique6713 This movie has to rank with "Welcome to the Jungle" and "The Hitcher" and "Dream Catcher" for sheer god-awfulness. You've got the most irritating heroine in gore history who spends most of her time sobbing and wailing and shrieking--all the time in the most horrendous rest stop toilet ever put on film. Why she spends so much time in this ghastly bathroom from hell is never explained. Even when the usual killer truck driver is trying to murder her she refuses to leave the crapper. When a motorcycle cop comes to her rescue the killer truck driver runs over the cop's legs while the heroine just looks on. Instead of grabbing his gun for protection she drags the poor slob into the crapper and locks the door. Then the cop orders her to blow his brains out because of the pain. She does so--while wailing and sobbing and keening--and blows the back of his head off. Then--the cop still alive beg her to shoot him again because he's still in pain. He says this while the entire back of his head is all over the floor. The sobbing wailing heroine shoots him again. The movie goes on and on like this none of it making any sense. The heroine is so dislikable you really want the killer to off her early on. I saw this flick on the Sci-Fi channel so it didn't cost me anything to watch but still I did watch out of sheer fascination as to how a movie could end up so terribly bad.
critique6714 This movie is just bad. Bad. Bad. Bad. Now that I've gotten that out of the way I feel better. This movie is poor from beginning to end. The story is lame. The 3-D segment is really bad. Freddy is at his cartoon character worst. Thank God they killed him off. And who wants to see Roseanne and Tom Arnold cameos?<br /><br />The only good thing in the movie is the little bit of backstory that we're given on Freddy. We see he once had a family and we get to see his abusive alcoholic father (Alice Cooper).<br /><br />Other than that all bad. There are some quality actors in here (Lisa Zane and Yaphet Kotto) and they do their best but the end result is just so bad. The hour and a half I spent watching this movie is and hour and half I can't ever get back.
critique6715 After the atomic bombs carried by a shot-down Soviet bomber explode in the Arctic the creature 'Gammera' is released from his hibernation. The giant prehistoric turtle proceeds on a path to Tokyo and destroys anything in his path. The military and the scientific community rush to find a means to stop this monster before Tokyo is laid to waste according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. <br /><br />The re-produced for American audiences version of this the first film in the "Gamera" series adds English language material that is even funnier than the regularly dubbed Japanese fare. Clearly the monster is following in the footsteps of "Godzilla". Taking his cue from ABC's faddish "Batman!" TV series musician Wes Farrell's ludicrous theme song heightens the US version's camp appeal.<br /><br />*** Gammera the Invincible (12/15/66) Sandy Howard Noriaki Yuasa ~ Dick O'Neill Brian Donlevy Albert Dekker John Baragrey
critique6716 Critters 3 starts on the open road as Clifford (John Calvin) his teenage daughter Annie (Aimee Brooks) & his young son Johnny (the IMDb list two actor's Christian & Josephh Cousins identical twins perhaps?) are heading back home from a vacation. Suddenly the tyre on their van blows & they have to stop at a public rest area to fix it. While there Annie & Johnny meet a kid named Josh (Leonardo DiCaprio yes that one) who in turn all run into Charlie McFadden (the films co-producer Don Keith Opper) from the previous two Critter films. Charlie tells them the story of the Critters & the town of Grovers Bend but they don't believe him. Meanwhile back at the van a Critter lays some eggs on it's underside out of sight from everyone. Once Clifford has fixed the tyre the trio set off for their home a run down urban tenement block in Los Angeles somewhere complete with Critter eggs along for the ride. Upon arrival the eggs hatch & the Critters head straight inside the tenement block quickly disposing of Frank (Geoffrey Blake) the caretaker. As the night draws on the few remaining residents a fat woman named Rosalie (Diana Bellamy) a telephone repair woman Marsha (Katherine Cortez) an elderly couple Mr. (Bill Zuckert) & Mrs. Menges (Frances Bay) must come together with Clifford & his kids to fight the Critters. Josh also makes an appearance as his Stepfather (William Dennis Hunt) owns the building. But will the group be able to defeat the Critters & prevent themselves from becoming dinner?<br /><br />Directed Kristine Peterson I thought Critters 3 was an incredibly undistinguished film but at least she can say she made a film staring Leonardo DiCaprio & not many people can say that! The budget for Critters 3 probably wasn't exactly a fortune as the whole production looks cheap throughout there are very few characters very few Critters & I think only 3 ever appear in the same shot at once & it does away with any sort of space angle so there are no expensive spaceship or distant alien planet special effects to pay for. The script by David J. Schow is strictly by-the-numbers & very predictable. A group of humans are stuck in an isolated situation with Critters & have no means of contacting the outside world for help that plot scenario sounds very familiar right? Well it's same as the previous Critters (1986) & Critters 2: The Main Course (1988) & many other horror films so it should. Critters 3 does nothing with the premise it never even tries to add anything to an already old tired & well used storyline. Critters 3 is also very tame for a horror film with only two people actually being killed the comedy elements are seriously lacking as well with the best joke Critters 3 can mange being a Critter eating some beans & then farting very funny if your about 5 years old. The characters are mostly standard horror film clichÃƒÂ©s & quickly became annoying. There is virtually no blood or gore in Critters 3 at all just a few splashes of blood & disappointingly Critters 3 in fact seems to go out of it's way not to show any violence. The special effects on the Critters are OK but they still look like static simplistic hand-puppets that have very little movement. The acting isn't that good & Critters 3 happens to be a certain Leonardo DiCaprio's very first feature film to be fair to the kid he's alright & I wonder if any of the other cast or crew had an idea what he go on to become. Why on Earth does that Charlie guy have to keep popping up in these Critter films? To give Critters 3 some credit it moves along at a good pace & isn't boring it's generally well made with nice enough production values & it's a bit of harmless fun if your in the right sort of mood & thankfully it only lasts for about 80 odd minutes. Overall Critters 3 is an OK time waster but don't expect anything deep or meaningful. There's nothing really wrong with it as cheap horror film but I couldn't help feeling that I'd seen it all before. An average time-waster that isn't as good as either of the previous two Critter films. Critters 3 ends with a 'to be continued...' as this was filmed back to back with Critters 4 (1991) which unsurprisingly went straight to video probably to save even more money. Critters 3 is a decent enough way to waste 80 odd minutes if you can watch it on T.V. for free otherwise don't bother.
critique6717 can someone please help me i missed the last view moments and i don't want to pay money to see the whole film again. i got to just where they are in the train carriage and she says 'what about that drink now?' and smiles. what happens after that? is there anymore dialogue or action? surely it doesn't just end there? i was a bit bored in the film and kept hoping it would get better. i love Kristen Scott Thomas does anyone remember the UK TV series she was in about some nuns? i am wanting to know the name. Sean Penn was brilliant Madonna eat your heart out! everybody else in fact the film a bit predictable it was a 'spot a star cast'. the ending took me by surprise i really thought she had burnt her boats.....if you are a fan of any of the stars its worth watching.
critique6718 Just above the box i am typing in now i was required to pick a number between 1 and 10 and rate this feature film. Unfortunately there is no option for a number less than zero and i have to put something. If i had my choice i would just put nothing no number because there exist no digits that express the worthlessness of this movie.<br /><br />If you do decide to watch this film even after reading all of these horrible reviews make sure there are no sharp or blunt objects in the area this will help prevent you from trying to kill yourself in the middle of the film.<br /><br />I don't know how this film was released to the public it should be locked up and guarded 24/7 somewhere in Fort Knox. I am angry that this film was even available for me to watch. I feel cheated by humanity i had no idea humans could be this cruel. Stalin Saddam and Hitler got nothing on this douche bag Cowell.<br /><br />Do not be fooled by the movie's cover. 1) There are no scarecrows no one knows why there is a legit looking scarecrow on the front. 2)None of the characters on the back of case are even in the stinking movie! 3) The tag line says something about "new moon more victims" there were no frigging victims no one even died. We don't know if the dam cop died and i'm assuming the killer didn't die because it sounded like he was being hit over the head with a frigging whiffle ball bat.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and stay away from this movie it wasted about 4 hours of my life. That's right four it took an hour for me to watch it (i fast forwarded thru the 4 minute zooming scenes that reveal nothing in the plot) i stared at the television for about an hour after it was over contemplating my life and the direction it was heading after watching this crap and then i began to cry for the next two hours because i know someone out there will unfortunately see this movie and there is nothing i can do to stop it.
critique6719 The complaints are valid to me the biggest problem is that this soap opera is too aimed for women. I am okay with these night time soaps like Grey's Anatomy or Ugly Betty or West Wing because there are stories that are interesting even with the given that they will never end. However when the idea parallels the daytime soaps aimed at just putting hunky men (Taye Diggs Tim Daly and Chris Lowell) into sexual tension and romps and numerous ridiculous difficult situations in a so-called little hospital it seems like General Hospital...or a female counterpart to Baywatch. That was what men wanted and they had it so if this is what women want so be it but the idea that this is a high brow show (or something men will watch) is unrealistic.
critique6720 Sorry to go against the flow but I thought this film was unrealistic boring and way too long. I got tired of watching Gena Rowlands long arduous battle with herself and the crisis she was experiencing. Maybe the film has some cinematic value or represented an important step for the director but for pure entertainment value I wish I would have skipped it.
critique6721 In one respect it's like 'The Wizard of Oz' with Paris in black-and-white and the Riviera in color. But it's supposedly about possessive love destructiveness and moral decadence while actually being about designer gowns shots of the Riveria lots of big expensive cars and music-and dancing interludes that suggest Vincente Minnelli on one of his off-days. Watchable but a remarkable example of desperate dark plot material and glitzy style heading in opposite directions. (Was this the model for 'The Talented Mister Ripley? Does anyone sense an affinity between Jean Seberg and Matt Damon?)
critique6722 Not as bad as 1992's "Nails" (where Hopper plays an "unstable" cop) but pretty bad. How can a movie with such a great cast go so wrong? This film manages to find a way. The story was pretty stupid and Hopper's direction seemed like he had never directed before. All of the long shots in the beginning were bothersome. Lots of meaningless scenes with a lot of meaningless dialogue.
critique6723 Negative numbers are not available to convey how bad this movie is! Wooden acting coupled with a story line that has been rehashed dozens of times. Everyone in this movie should attend Overactors Anonymous. You would think an original story could evolve from the general concept. Young men at a prep school are tying to come to grips with the Pearl Harbor bombing. It does raise interesting questions but the manner in which they are conveyed make it more of a joke. The typical characters were present including the zealous jock and nerd (glasses included). I could not have been more uninterested in the wooden dialog and clichÃƒÂ© characters. Upon the completion of the movie I had to throw the DVD in the trash. Stay far away from this dud! You won't get the 90 minutes of your life back!
critique6724 The same difficulty I have with the musical version of "Les Miserables" applies equally to "Oliver." Instead of the composers' writing in the stylistic period of the play settings they merely wrote Broadway-type melodies which were historically unidiomatic and stylistically skewed.<br /><br />Too the blatant brutality and unsavory activities of the dramaturgy do not mix well with some of the sunny ditties which permeate the score. It's a uncomfortable mixture that leaves a decidedly sour undertaste.<br /><br />The casting of the boy Oliver doesn't help matters: tentative of timbre and vexingly precious there's something less than solid here. Fagin performs his traditional routine adequately though the tunes he's obliged to sing have little basis in period manner.<br /><br />"As Long As He Needs Me" is given a strident rendition throaty and strained. The two big production numbers "Who Will Buy" and "Consider Yourself" seem over-produced with everything but the kitchen sink thrown in. It's one thing to go all out yet another to cross over the line into excess. <br /><br />The gloom despair and depravity of much of the novel does not seem to lend itself to such ditties and choreography. While the novel is considered a classic I must confess I have trouble with Mr. Dickens' consciousness in that his works tend to emit a negative vibration. This may be due to the extension of his joyless personal life which was full of disappointment and regret. <br /><br />Not all the combined talent of this production either on- or behind camera can overcome the unconstructive nature of the basic material. All this results in an uncomfortably downer experience for me.<br /><br />
critique6725 <br /><br />I thought that this movie lacked the building dramatic suspense the first movie had. This is hard to accomplish when the film takes place over a week. The original movie lead up to the final climatic scene over a period of a year and it still was less violent than the sequel. One good thing about this film was the movie went by relatively quickly because the plot seemed rushed. When Rachel's best friend died there was no funeral mentioned in the movie. Another bring down was the involvement of Amy Irving. All her scenes brought down the movies pace. The dialog in this movie was terrible. It in no way reflected the way kids talk. In conclusion this movie could have been a hit but fell apart after the opening scene.
critique6726 I don't know why they even kept the name. How they could call the series 'The Scarlet Pimpernel' after they deviated from the novels so much I wouldn't have a clue. The character names are the only things they kept and even then they changed a few of those and mixed them up and changed Percy's relationships with them. Admittedly I only watched about two hours at the most of it but that was enough for me to realize that the series was nothing like Baroness Orzcy had portrayed her characters and probably would have been rolling around in her grave when it was filming and airing. Poor lady. I hope that when the next person wants to make a movie/series of the book they don't ruin it as completely as this series did.
critique6727 The IMDb plot summary in no way describes the essence of this film. It should have read 'Be prepared to be catapulted back to the prison of the 3rd pew from the back of your family's church at 8 years old listening to the preacher drone on about God's will while all you can think of is getting back home to your Lego'.<br /><br />It starts off well intentioned building intrigue by planting some real and surreal clues such as Renny's 'how did the cut on my thumb heal so fast?' moment. It then slowly morphs into a Christian jamboree sacrificing its plot completely in a wash of evangelistic-induced babble. I believe I counted the use of the word 'pray' about 53 times in a five minute span near the end. After the 31st I tried to twist the context of the word to its synonym 'prey'. Sadly this little mind game of mine made the film at least bearable for the last 20 minutes. Plus it made me laugh whenever a character would say 'prayer' ('preyer' to me) as it became totally zany. Indeed even my Catholic wife sunk in her chair from boredom almost to the point of ending up on the floor.<br /><br />For all the salivating Christians who ranked this film 8-10 stars I suggest sticking with your theology-reinforcing safety standards like Circle Square The Ten Commandments anything from Narnia Jesus Christ Superstar and the like. Stay away from more cerebrally challenging subject matter in films such as Jesus Camp The God Who Wasn't There What Would Jesus Buy or the soon-to-be released Religulous.<br /><br />Maybe Robert Whitlow's book is better.
critique6728 There are some movies you just know they are going to be bad from frame one. Even if you were totally oblivious of Ed Wood's work one look at that commentator from "Plan 9 from outer space" and you just KNOW you are not gonna see the next cinematic masterpiece. Just like that when I saw the first shot of Uwe Bolls masterpiece "House of Dead" with that guy sitting at the front of the house starting his introduction while trying desperately to sound like he just arrived from Sin City I knew I'm in for a helluva ride.<br /><br />So the movie starts like this - first the lead character says that everybody else is going to die. You know to keep you wandering. Then he starts introducing the rest of the characters with lines like "Karma..thinks she's Foxy Brown" or "Alicia..my ex.. we broke up recently.. I had to study and she had to fence". No I'm not kidding.<br /><br />Anyway this bunch of 20-somethings who couldn't act their way out of a wet paper-bag are going to the "Rave of the century" rave in question being a few tents a port-a-potty and a shoddy stage located on small island in the middle of the Pacific. Our gang missed the ferry but thankfully will find a way to get there the way being a fisher-boat ran by Kirk (Cpt Kirk? Get it? Man whoever wrote this script is a genius) and his sidekick who is a bastard child of Simpsons' Cpt McAllister and that hook killer who knows what you did last summer.<br /><br />To make the long story short the gang gets to the island finds nobody there except some bloody T-shirts and then decide to run the hell away from there. No wait they do not they actually get all happy and like cos there's free booze.<br /><br />With that scene the movie hits rock bottom and then against all odds proceeds to go further downhill. Some guys in rubber suits start running around there is some screaming and shooting our gang goes to some house to meet some other gang they go out of the house meet Cpt Kirk and some police woman (who between them have about 500 pounds of weapons) and then decide to go back to the house. Somewhere along the line they transform into a S.W.A.T. team enter the Matrix the rubber-suit guys start multiplying like bacteria and I start to cry because I actually paid to see this. To add insult to the injury every few minutes there are shots from the video game this crap is based on and there is a cute game-over cut-scene for a few characters when they die.<br /><br />I seriously hate this movie. It doesn't even fit in that famed "So bad it's good" category. It's just plain bad. The script is bad the zombies are awful there is no tension lines are bad actors are bad.. the list just goes on.<br /><br />You will probably want to see this movie just because of its reputation of being awful. Don't. There are bad movies that deserve to be watched. This is not one of them.
critique6729 i found this movie to be mostly a P.O.S.it was low budgetbut that isn't the problem.the problem isthe movie is just lame.it doesn't really make a lot of sense.yesit does explain why things happenedbut that's not what i mean.there was just no reason for it all.the movie also moved very slow.the last ice age was quicker than this.also i think they went overboard a bit in the kills.i don't mean they were too grossbut the killer just seemed to spend too much time smashing his victim over the heador stabbing his victim. maybe i'm being pettybut i just didn't like the movie.the whole thing seemed like a lower rate version of "When a Stranger Calls" and maybe that was the whole point.but so what.for me "When A Stranger Kills" is a 4/10*
critique6730 I'll start by admitting that I enjoy many movies that have low ratings on this site. I find that if I can see what the creators were trying to do I can find appreciation for their work. Sound of Thunder was a story that interested me. I wanted to see what angles the filmmakers would attack in telling the story. By and large they attempted to create an entertaining movie. The plot was contrived but most action movie's plots are. Ed Burns doesn't know how to carry a rifle but still holds his own well as an action lead considering he isn't asked for much. The main problem !destroys the whole movie! is the horrible CGI. It is totally unacceptable for the animals and backgrounds to look soooooo very fake. Aside from that the animal conceptions could have been really good as could the action scenes but failed because the production failed. This could have been a really memorable film if they had only finished it. It really looks like they meant to go back and fix all the horrible CGI but ran out of money and still released it. Save your money because someone failed this movie. I give it three stars because it really could have been good but was totally failed somewhere I can't say it enough.
critique6731 Conclusion: very but very very boring yet I watched till the end hoping for some upside-down effect but the end was worse because it was nothing. The old black&white game didn't helped at all it usually helps psychological movies but this was not the case. The script the plot etc were linear had no substance nothing in-going. When you deal with psychological you deal with analysis therefore with details that unity-diversity formula....there was no essence no detail. Just a story there are many stories to tell but something makes them unique and hard to forgive with the tools and creativity of movie-makers...well this is not the one.
critique6732 Ron Howard and his "editors" only had one job to do... Follow the guidelines of the book which was "rich" "mysterious" "moving" and highly cinematic in its approach! <br /><br />What they did? They changed EVERYTHING and I mean EVERYTHING! What is left is something that has no right being called "Angels & Daemons"! <br /><br />I really love the book and find it very hard to see it being treated this way!<br /><br />I wonder what was the opinion of Dan Brown himself for "this" film.<br /><br />I really have no patience to sit down and right the 1.000.000 changes they made it is pointless.......
critique6733 Well I am SO glad I watched this on HBO instead of paying for it in the theaters or video store. The movie has some points but if you want to make it a worthwhile movie I suggest that you become what the main characters are called...stoners.<br /><br />2/10
critique6734 I hate it when people in the movie theater talk back to the screen. It's one of the main reasons why I stick to DVD's or videos . I saw The Clearing on DVD but if I had seen it in the movies I would have had to stand up and SCREAM " HE'S NOT DEAD YET  YOU MORON ! "<br /><br />The Clearing is another in a long list of horrible movies that feature Mr.Redford . Legal Eagles  Havana  Indecent Proposal  Up Close and Personal  Sneakers  Last Castle  and Spy Game . If Robert Redford told me to invest in something I'd go the other way . <br /><br />But the worst possible thing you can do to an audience is this . Say you're being kidnapped and your kidnapper has a gun . He's holding it on you for most of the movie . You turn the tables on him and start strangling him . Whatever you do keep strangling him until he's DEAD ! Don't just strangle him for ten seconds . Stay with it ! Ten minutes at least . But Bob stops too soon  walks away and forgets about Mr. Kidnapper until ....... He gets up  finds the gun and holds it on our hero again . At this point I wanted Mr. Kidnapper to shoot Robert Redford . More than a few times . And I wanted to shoot him as well .
critique6735 **SPOILERS** A bit ridicules made for TV movie has sexy and middle age gold-digger Isabelle Collins Susan Tuccidoing a number on every man she comes in contact with in the movie. First winning over their hearts then their wallets and then when their no longer any use to her thrown in the wastepaper basket like a used up Kleenex tissue.<br /><br />Isabelle's first victim is non other then her abusive on keeping Isabelle from raiding his bank account husband Stewart John O'Hurley. It's later in the movie when Isabelle gets very friendly with former plumber and now yacht salesman Richard Davis Philip Casnoff that she without really telling him has the totally love-sick Richard get a contract out on her unsuspecting husbands life. Getting this ex-convict in fact as soon as he's released from prison Daggett Nicholas Campbell to do the job on Stewart Richard soon finds out that he didn't get exactly what he paid $15000.00 in cashfor.<br /><br />Getting a little too greedy Daggett not only blew Stewart's brains out but took a solid gold watch that Stewart offered him in order to spear his life as well. The watch was easily traced to Daggett as he tried to pawn it at a local jewelry shop where he was quickly arrested. With Doggett spilling his guts out on who hired him to whack Stewart it doesn't take long for the long arm of the law to arrest Stewart's by hiring Doggett killer Isabelle's husband to be ex-plumber and yacht salesman Richard Davis! Davis' arrest by the police happens just as he and Isabelle took the vows of matrimony in a local church!<br /><br />Isabelle manipulates everyone exclusively men that fall head over heels for her to her advantage by getting them to do her dirty work. Always playing the part of the naive housewife or widow or lover or even client Isabelle seems to live a charmed life always one step ahead of the law and police. No matter what she does Isabelle covers her pretty behind so well that it's almost impossible to pin her down on any in having others do them of the many crimes that she commits through a second party in the film.<br /><br />After screwing figuratively as well as literally her first husband Steven her second husband for less then ten seconds Richard and finally her or Richard's attorney Gavin Kendrick Kamar De Los Rey Isabelle knows that it's only a matter of time before the police get wise to her. With the D.A getting both Richard and Kendrick to turn evidence against her Isabelle now knowing that everything is fast closing in on her makes her final move. Getting everything in order by transferring all her cash overseas Isabelle and her 10 year-old daughter Ruby Lauren Collins shoot down to the passport office in order to get clearance passports to get out of the country.<br /><br />It's then when the cagey and clever Isabelle makes her first and possibly last and fatal mistake in the movie. Isabelle is told by the passport clerk Don Carrier she'll have to wait a full 48 hours for her and Ruby's passport to clear! Just enough time for the police to find and arrest her! Outlandish ending that goes against almost everything and every ethic that's in a film noir or crime movie. An ending that will not only blow your mind but your concept of what's right and wrong in the world!
critique6736 This movie starts out promisingly with an early scene in which Frank Morgan advises against Gary Cooper's marriage to his daughter Anita Louise. Frank Morgan playing an unabashed gold-digger loudly complains to Cooper about his perceived penury at the hands of his family - including his daughter Anita Louise. I am a fan of all 3 actors. Frank Morgan is (to my mind) a Hollywood treasure Cooper a legend and Louise a very lovely versatile and under-appreciated actress seldom seen in the leading role. I also have nothing against Teresa Wright and while not blessed with great range she usually delivers heart-warming performances.<br /><br />From a promising opening the story slides downhill all the way to the end. I found nothing humorous about burning down the home of Cooper's would-be in-laws. The butler in such a fastidious non-smoking household would never just blithely walk away allowing Cooper to continue smoking or alternatively he would certainly supply him with some means of disposing of his ill-timed cigarette. Moreover nobody with any common sense would permit himself to be left holding a lit cigarette without asking for some means of disposing of it. And finally nobody in his right mind crushes out a cigarette in a handkerchief and sticks it in his pocket! This whole sequence just made Cooper seem foolish and gauche. It is a poor contrivance - ill conceived and filmed in a way that induces ridicule not laughter. <br /><br />The forced medical examination of Cooper is equally contrived. Nobody lets himself undergo a complete medical examination without his being advised of its purpose or giving his consent! That Cooper did so is too removed from reality to be funny - it's absurd! Stealing babies from hospitals is a serious legal offense and that too is nothing to laugh about. Finally the scenes of Cooper's overly fastidious neurotic attention to his baby's feeding and weight may have struck a nerve with a few people who have experienced anxiety over their own newborn babies. But to me they just seem tedious and slow. The wardrobe and prop departments went over the top in those scenes while paradoxically the script writer went to sleep.<br /><br />The lines are just not in the script to generate humor. They just miss on all cylinders. The laughs come not a mile-a-minute but more like a light year-a-minute. The only time the movie has any energy or humor is when Frank Morgan is on camera.<br /><br />The scene that is totally wasted is when both of Cooper's love interests and their respective fathers are cooped up in the same hotel room together. There is probably a rich vein of humor somewhere in that mine but none of it was extracted.<br /><br />In the end one of the two very likable girls is going to get hurt. Predictably it is the Anita Louise character who gets jilted on her would-be-wedding night! While it is not on camera that is her fate and it is not particularly funny - even as a loose end. She hadn't done anything in this film to make me unsympathetic (unlike Gail Patrick say in My Favorite Wife). Consequently I was expecting (perhaps "hoping" is a better word in the context of the film!) for Anita Louise to enjoy a happy ending too. The fact that such a nice character is essentially wiped out at the movie's end really undermines the effect of the "happy ending" for Cooper and Wright.<br /><br />I kept waiting for something to happen for the witty dialog so characteristic of movies of the era... And it never delivered. A good performance by Frank Morgan in a slightly different role is totally wasted here.
critique6737 How can ANYBODY give this anything higher than a '1'?<br /><br />I thought "Manos the Hands of Fate" would forever be the worst movie ever to impinge itself upon my optic nerve. Indeed I didn't think anything COULD be worse.<br /><br />I was wrong. "Galaxina" is that rare movie where EVERY SINGLE ELEMENT of it is achingly agonizingly blindingly bad. How often have you watched a movie and commented "Who the hell LIT this thing?" From lighting to soundtrack to effects to script to acting to cinematography to . . . well EVERYTHING this movie is absolutely unendurable. It's so bad I couldn't even tell for some time if it was the worst comedy or the worst drama I'd ever seen.<br /><br />It's too bad even to be laughable. I'd sooner eat a platefull of broken glass than sit through it again.
critique6738 First of all.....<br /><br />What the hell? Why in the world are they trying to sell a low budget piece of crap on late night TV with the promise of disturbing offensive sick garbage that any normal real human being with a soul couldn't watch. <br /><br />What the crap is funny about a dog being injured a grandma getting her head knocked off...a guy getting his hand blown to pieces and two girls going to the bathroom? what in the hell has this world come to that people find comedy in some thing so completely sick. Anyone who thinks this kind of material is funny should not even be allowed to walk the earth. <br /><br />But from what I hear its not even offensive...so...they promise comedy through demented piles of sick garbage...and they cant even pull that off.
critique6739 Like many other people I've heard about "more" and I wanted to watch it due to the music that was composed by Pink Floyd. I must say that I was truly disappointed not because of the music but the movie in itself. it's a boring insipid movie that lacks rhythm. Where does this disappointment come from? According to me from different things. First of all the movie's subject the drug links up badly with the idle sunny atmosphere of the movie. This one should have taken place in the sordid areas of Paris and should have gave birth to a dark and helpless climatefor example. Moreover it's supposed to tell a descent into hell but this descent is softened and barely sketched out. Barbet Schroeder doesn't insist enough on the dramatic side of the story. You could have wished a little more of madness cutting. On another hand Schroeder doesn't succeed in gaining the audience's emotion and adherence in front of the two main characters' distress. You watch carelessly their trials with drug. Whereas the two main actors they're perfectly inexpressive and hardly evolve during the movie especially Mimsy Farmer. At the end you only retain the beauty of the mediterraneans landscapes bathed in sunlight. The film created a huge sensation when it was released in 1969. Nowadays it <br /><br />seems dated. The hippy culture is nothing less than a faraway memory.
critique6740 This film seemed way too long even at only 75 minutes. The problem with jungle horror films is that there is always way too much footage of people walking (through the jungle up a rocky cliff near a river or lake) to pad out the running time. The film is worth seeing for the laughable and naked native zombie with big bulging bloody eyes which is always accompanied on the soundtrack with heavy breathing and lots of reverb. Eurotrash fans will be plenty entertained by the bad English dubbing gratuitous female flesh and very silly makeup jobs on the monster and native extras. For a zombie/cannibal flick this was pretty light on the gore but then I probably didn't see an uncut version.
critique6741 I watched this series out of curiositywanting to see if they could possibly and with ALL this modern technologyout do Cecil B. DeMille's classic epic of 1956 starring Charleton HestonYul Brenner and Sir Cedric Hardwicke. Of course I was let down. Yes they had all the Biblical characters correct but they didn't give us any of the spectacular theatrical scenes that held your interest throughout the first movie. If you going to have a mini-series you have to have some "rivoting" scenes the "Burning bush" Parting the "RED Sea"drowning "Pharohs Armies" "building Sethi's Pyramids" could have been done with todays' technology on the scale of blockbuster movies such as "Lord of the Rings" or the Matrix. Obviously they didn't want to leave a LASTING impression of "faith and sacrifice" which is much needed in these trouble times.
critique6742 Seems Sensei Seagal is getting more and more moralising and less "action packed". To date this has to be his worse movie... no action a poor story line an impossible plot and to make things worse one of the CHEEZIEST endings I have ever seen.<br /><br />Seagal films are like seeing a Dirty-Harry you do not go see it for the great social causes or impeccable acting... you want a good action flick.<br /><br />On a scale of 1 to 10 this one gets a 1...
critique6743 I once saw a bit of this film and was interested to see the full thing just to see why the critics give it two stars the result being that I agree. Basically the film begins with Kermit the Frog (Steve Whitmire) telling all his Muppet chums that they have lost everything and he ends sitting depressed (and possibly thinking about suicide) on the bench. Meanwhile in another world (Heaven) angel Daniel (David Arquette who had already been in Muppets from Space) visits the 'Boss' (Whoopi Goldberg another reason I wanted to see the film) to show that Kermit really needs help. In the flashbacks it shows Kermit Miss Piggy (Eric Jacobson not the original and better Frank Oz) Gonzo (Dave Goelz) Fozzie Bear (also Jacobson) Pepe the Prawn (Bill Barretta) and all the other Muppets have prepared a stage show for many people to see in the Christmas holiday and it all seems to be going well. But the really mean Rachel Bitterman (Joan Cusack) is determined to either shut the show or the theatre down and Kermit is doing everything possible to make sure that doesn't happen. Of course Kermit fails the last time and Bitterman tells him that they are finished and she can officially take the theatre. This is where Daniel is sent as Kermit's guardian angel to try and help him but Kermit is not in the mood and eventually ends up saying "I wish I was never born". Obviously you can recognise the spoof of It's a Wonderful Life with Kermit as the George Bailey and Cusack as the Mr. Potter and in the end obviously Kermit realises how much he means to everyone and goes back to find the theatre saved as historical landmark. Also starring Whitmire as Rizzo the Rat and Beaker; Goelz as Dr. Bunsen Honeydew and Waldorf; Barretta as Dr. Teeth Rowlf the Dog and Swedish Chef; Jacobson as Animal and Yoda (the only character who sounds similar to Oz's version) William H. Macy as Glenn Matthew Lillard as Luc Fromage Carson Daly Molly Shannon; Scrubs' Zach Braff Sarah Chalke Neil Flynn John C. McGinley and Judy Reyes Mel Brooks as Joe Snow; Brian Henson as Scooter and Janice; Jerry Nelson as Robin the Frog Statler Pops and Floyd Pepper and Kevin Clash as Sam the Eagle. The most memorable moment for me is the stage spoof of Moulin Rouge besides that and the well known faces in it not fantastic. It was nominated the Emmy for Outstanding Music and Lyrics for the song "Everyone Matters". The Muppets were number 47 on The 100 Greatest Pop Culture Icons. Adequate!
critique6744 The humor in Who's Your Daddy is such poor taste that I actually closed my eyes in certain scenes. Close ups of semen are not funny! Nobody thinks they are. People get nervous when they see something so gross and to hide their nervousness they laugh. Watching Who's Your Daddy gave me a disgusting nervous feeling.
critique6745 After sitting through this film I have decided that it is one of the WORST movies I have ever seen. I knew it the moment I was subjected to three teenage girls screaming and overacting when they (OMG!) meet again and then watching the same thing only done by women old enough to be my mom. And that was only the first few minutes. Yeesh. So here are my comments...<br /><br />1. Middle aged women + ridiculous dance moves complete with hip thrusts and over the top costumes = not a good idea.<br /><br />2. Pierce Brosnan could not sing his way out of a paper bag. Nor could practically anyone else in this pile of excrement for that matter.<br /><br />3. The songs were so random. It was obvious to me that they were thrown willy nilly into the incredibly contrived and STUPID plot.<br /><br />4. My three year old nephew could have written a better script.<br /><br />I was either cringing or laughing derisively during the movie. And I normally really like movie musicals. Of course they are bound to be a bit corny...but this was ridiculous. What a waste of talent. I mean you have great actors and actresses in this movie...I am embarrassed for them that this is now a part of their career. I regret wasting my money and time on this piece of crap.
critique6746 This is the movie that epitomizes the D&D fear of the 80s (and even today). The fear being that people who play D&D (or any other role-playing game for that matter) will be "sucked in" and lose their ability to distinguish reality from fantasy (and go on killing sprees child sacrifices suicide etc). Great movie for anyone who likes to blame the problems of society on inanimate objects but anyone who has played a role-playing game a video game or even acted in a play will see this as an insult to their intelligence. It is to D&D what Wargames was to computers. Plus as a movie it just kinda sucks.
critique6747 I'm a collector of films starring Ms. Weaver so I bought this only because of her being in it. I find it really odd that her early career is filled with so many awful movies. She started with incredible promise in Alien but then had a slew of bombs. These bombs include this movie Deal of the Century One Woman or Two and Half Moon Street. She also appeared in The Year Of Living Dangerously which was not a bomb but her performance was less than notable. In the time between Alien and it's 1986 sequel Aliens the only movie she did that was worth anything was Ghostbusters. before the release of Aliens I'm sure everyone thought this woman was on her way out. Luckily she wasn't.<br /><br />Back to Eyewitness though the film is boring. It doesn't create any suspense. William Hurt seems like a cardboard stand in and the atmosphere is just to dry. Sigourney is decent but nothing worth remembering.<br /><br />Watch this movie if you must but don't go in with any expectations of a decent movie. Watch better movies with these two stars like Accidental Tourist and Working Girl.
critique6748 Secret Service agent Jay Killion (Charles Bronson) has been assigned to protect the President-elect's wife the new First Lady (Jill Ireland). She is a very difficult woman and Killion has his hands full. She is the victim of numerous assassination attempts all directed by the President's Chief of Staff who wants the First Lady dead. This movie insults your intelligence with not only the story line but also with the lack of realistic locations. For example in the scene depicting the Inaugural Parade the First Lady is in a Rolls Royce convertible with agent Killion and without the President. Also we know what Washington DC is like weather wise in January and not only is everybody "top coat less" you can even see some palm trees in the 70 degree and sunny weather! (Obviously filmed in Hollywood not Washington DC). This movie is a joke. It is not worth your time.
critique6749 Corey Haim is never going to be known as one of the great actors of his time but at least in movies like "Licensed To Drive" he was more in his element... lowbrow humor.<br /><br />Dean Koontz's book "Watchers" was one of his earlier works and still probably his finest to date. Sadly this magnificent tale of a brilliant dog a deranged mutant and a genetic experiment gone wrong is butchered horribly. The acting is so lifeless you might think you're watching a zombie movie. Only the dog gives a respectable performance and if you want to see a decent movie about a dog you'd be better of watching "The Incredible Journey" "Cujo" or even "C.H.O.M.P.S."...okay maybe not "C.H.O.M.P.S."<br /><br />If you've read the book avoid this movie at all costs. If you haven't read the book read it and avoid this movie. You'll thank me later.<br /><br />A somewhat better translation of a Dean Koontz book is the capable thriller "Phantoms".
critique6750 Well as the headline suggests this is not the particularly good movie i was hoping it would be. i thought it would be great with mr fully monty man himself but tragically not. From the beginning i literally lost interest immediately when 2 women are just making tea and then suddenly she points out there is random water coming from under the door then bam a full on flood through the route of the house its hard to believe they didn't notice the rising water level outside or at least heard it. Sorry for this to sound like a rant but it really grinds my gears and has affected me. Most acting was poor and the story tried to copy nearly every clichÃƒÂ© to each disaster movie ever but just failed in that sense. CGI was poor i could do a better job using ms paint directing poor too and at the end i didn't care about 1 character at all!!! don't waste your time people no wonder it was released straight to DVD. Well thanks for reading xxx
critique6751 I noticed that this film has taken the brunt of a lot of insults. It probably earned some of them but it wasn't that bad. Well I'll be honest: I never want to see this film again. It was a bad film. But I don't hate this film it tried to tell a story. As a drama this film could work very well actually. I just think the filmmakers misgauged which road to take when they made this (they should have added more funny bits if they wanted it to be a comedy). With a rewrite it could have been a great film. But as a satire it didn't work in its current form -- many scenes did not fit within the context of the plot: for example the robbery scene makes little sense in the story. Still it wasn't the worst independent film ever made -- is it in the Top 10 Worst? That's debatable.
critique6752 This is a copy of the 1948 Doris Day classic Romance on the High Seas.<br /><br />The story line is more or less same but is contemporary. Govinda plays a sharp witted fellow who replaces the husband on the trip. While Rani plays the college friend of the wife who does her the same favour. They ostensibly try to catch each other out while the actual husband and wife tries to trip each other in Bombay.<br /><br />On the trip Govinda mistakes another girl for Sanjiv's wife and spies on her while falling in love with the ravishing Rani.<br /><br />Lever plays a dual role of father and son both lawyers specialising in divorce proceedings. They are pitted against each other for the warring couple.<br /><br />It is a poor attempt at copying the original classics and the songs are quite appalling. The comedy is slap-stick and will not make one laugh too much.
critique6753 Lies tells about an affair between an 18 year old bucktoothed female student and a scrawny 38 year old married man with the pair of protags spending about half the screen time engaged in naked sex and hokey whipping and the other half meandering through the pathetically naive storyline which seems little more than an excuse for the sex scenes. With very poor production value including obvious sanitary appliances and phony softcore sex to a story which is a messy mix of comedy and drama "Lies" quickly becomes redundant ad nauseam. With an almost 2 hour run subtitles and so little substance "Lies" is simply not recommendable. (C-)
critique6754 I was lucky enough to grow up surfing in San Diego (not the biggest waves in the world but it was a hell of childhood I'll tell you that) and I have seen A LOT of so-called surfer flicks in my life. After watching NORTH SHORE for the first time just now all I can say is THANK GOD I never saw this as a kid. If I had seen this and mistakenly thought that this was a realistic portrayal of the surf scene I would sold my board and totally gotten into I don't know accounting or something.<br /><br />Seriously this movie has a as much in common with real surfing as TOP GUN has was real military life. The acting is terrible the music is worse the cinematography is iffy at best and OH MY GOD what was Laird Hanilton thinking?! WOW!!! DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE!!! IT SUCKS!!! If you want a REAL surf flick see RIDING GIANTS. Hell watch SURF'S UP instead of this. Seriously. Sucks. Sucks bad. Sucks REAL bad. Brah. ;)<br /><br />PS: Had to change my summery from "WTF?!" to wtf because apparently we are supposed to whisper on this site. NO YELLING!!! (shhhhhh!) ;D
critique6755 Wow...<br /><br />Reading through these comments I see a remarkable socio-cultural clash theme emerging between the US and ... the Dutch! The US P.o.V. appears to be that this is quite a good little movie Parker being a likable hero the story a light-hearted rendition of what could be a glorified form of reality.<br /><br />All three Dutch reviewers view the world through a totally different pair of glasses it seems. They categorically and in surprisingly similar terms agree the movie is a disaster.<br /><br />Far be it from me to take sides in what appears to be a dispute between cultures on this item as wide apart as the ocean that separates them geographically. Still based on factual observation - I saw the movie with my very own eyes - I suspect the Dutch are not too far off the mark: <br /><br />"Parker Kane" is poorly made utterly boring and really not worth the celluloid that was no doubt wasted in its creation.
critique6756 This is another Alien imitation and not a very good one at that.Replace outer space with the South African desertthrow in the same ingredientsa group of people stranded in an inhospitable landscape have them hunted down by an alien creature and you have the same old story of a very ordinary film trying to ape a classic film. A group of miners and scientists go on a hunt for some missing colleagues and find their bones in the desert stripped clean of flesh.Their vehicle breaks down and they head for civilisation while being stalked by the monster. The African location is pretty enough but that is basically all this film has going for it. There is a vain attempt to build up the tension but I found this didn't really work and made the film rather boring.The creature didn't appear much and when it did it didn't really install a feeling of horror.There is one scene where someone gets the flesh ripped from his arm but that was basically it on the gore front. In conclusion i found this film about as exciting as watching paint dry.I give this film 4/10 and that is only because of the interesting location which alone isn't enough to save this movie from being a total snooze-fest
critique6757 Whipped is one of the most awful films of all time. It is a mean hateful piece of garbage that had me forcing myself to stay in the theater more than any other movie of 2000 besides maybe "The Grinch." It is not as people have called it an insightful portrait of modern relationships. That would be a little film called "High Fidelity." Whereas that movie was honest and sympathetic "Whipped" is hostile cynical misanthropic cinematic poison. Avoid this like so many plagues unless you want to see how truly bad a "comedy" can get.
critique6758 This is one of the worst movies I have seen recently. When a man says that he wishes he had a super power of being able to orally pleasure himself I pretty much consider the movie to be in the realm of childish 14 year old male fantasies. The bed room scene was over the top and reduced an intimate moment into a farce of biological functions akin to passing gas in public. From the first every other scene was a discussion about how little sex they where getting how long its been since they got some when their next sexual liaison will be and with whom it should be with. On top of that the dialogue and acting was very poor and very forced not felt and they filled their lack of content with sleazy sex scenes. This could have been really funny because the concept is actually interesting but it is poorly executed here. Please do not even think about taking anyone under 16 if you have to go and see it.
critique6759 Granny is definitely one of the worst horror movies ever made in the history of cinema.<br /><br />The script was diabolical so bad in fact that I was almost crying with laughter at some of the things they came out with. The acting was almost as bad they would have been better off casting traffic cones to play the roles (they would have done a better job). The murders were laughable the suspense was non existent the camera work was ineffective and the "major" plot twist at the end was disgustingly inappropriate it just gets worse and worse.<br /><br />"The Granny" is possibly one of the most unthreatening "villains" caught on film she looks like she is wearing a cheap mask from the supermarket (the nylon hair caused endless amounts of laughter) and a frilly nightgown. Would you be scared by that??? I certainly wasn't.<br /><br />If you like watching bad movies (see Manos Troll 2 Michael Bay films &#61514; ) then this is a must see. Those who don't like bad movies and don't enjoy laughing at shockingly bad dialogue avoid like the plague.
critique6760 I wouldn't rent this one even on dollar rental night.
critique6761 be warned: this movie tells lots of love stories without any coherence.<br /><br />The only intention of this movie seems to be showing love in many different ways.<br /><br />Each story has only a few minutes so there is no development of characters and nearly no plot. Just an sketchy idea of a plot. The writer tried to build in turning points that aimed to surprise the viewer. However that just didn't work out because you didn't get to know the characters in before or these "jokes" were just silly.<br /><br />This is a movie about love that fails to reach your heart. A dozen times. Or even more I don't know and I don't care.
critique6762 Congo is based on the best-selling novel by Michael Crichton which I thought lacked Crichton's usual charm smart characters and punch. Well sorry to say but the same goes for the film.<br /><br />Here's the plot:<br /><br />Greed is bad this simple morality tale cautions. A megalomaniacal C.E.O. (Joe Don Baker) sends his son into the dangerous African Congo on a quest for a source of diamonds large enough and pure enough to function as powerful laser communications transmitter (or is it laser weapons?). When contact is lost with his son and the team his daughter-in-law (Laura Linney) a former CIA operative and computer-freak is sent after them. On her quest she is accompanied by gee-whiz gadgetry and a few eccentric characters (including a mercenary (Ernie Hudson) a researcher with a talking gorilla (Dylan Walsh) and a a nutty Indiana-Jones-type looking for King Solomon's Mines (Tim Curry). After some narrow escapes from surface-to-air missiles and some African wildlife they all discover that often what we most want turns out to be the source of our downfall.<br /><br /> The actors in this movie were not talented. Dylan Walsh acts like a pathetic crybaby especially at the end; Ernie Hudson is unconvincing (is it no wonder he went on to star in TV films?) and Laura Linney is nothing special. I think I can safely say the only talented actors in this film had very small roles: Joe Don Baker and Tim Curry an always enjoyable actor (although sometimes scarred for life by constantly being reminded of his "Rocky Horror Picture" days).<br /><br /> This movie also had some other problems including awful direction style cheesy dialogue and a just-plain-boring plot which was completely hashed when compared to Crichton's novel.<br /><br /> Not even Stan Winston's creature effects could save this movie from being a disaster. I am deeply disappointed in this movie; there was not even a campy quality to redeem itself with. It was just plain awful cheesy boring and ridiculous and proves to be one of the worst Crichton book-to-film productions.<br /><br />2/5 stars -<br /><br />John Ulmer
critique6763 I own this movie. Not by choice I do. I was really bored the other day and the box intrigued me. So i popped it in the old VCR and spent the next hour and a half of my life crying "why God why?". The story-line was not that bad as an gamer I could appreciate bits of it. I think that maybe if you're into super geeky-cheese romantic scenes you'll enjoy this film. "I always thought of myself as a Vulcan you know like Dr.Spock...unable to love" There is very few good things to say about this film truly it is awful. But if you're up to really badly made film this is the one for you!!! The real story's much more interesting though ;)<br /><br />If I had to sum up this film in one word it would be:<br /><br />LAME
critique6764 If this movie had not been labeled a Disney picture I probably would not have been so disappointed. The nudity was unnecessary and did not add anything. The same can be said for the toilet bowl scene. This is one Disney film that I will not let my four year old nephew watch.
critique6765 Three words: What a pile..... Two words: Don't bother! One word: Sucked! There are zero reasons to see this movie. Even those Seagal groupies should shy away from this movie. The martial arts the typical Aikido are horrible. The martial arts moves themselves are fine but the cinematography is pathetic. The movie actually goes into slow motion whenever Seagal give his "kill move" to his victims. Worse yet is shows the same move three times in rapid succession from three slightly different angles. How stupid. Seagal's acting was plain stupid but I still give this movie a "6" for acting because of the supporting cast whose "villain" roles were actually quite entertaining.<br /><br />The plot is just dumb. Seagal plays a Federal Express agent with a license to kill. His character also has that dedicated work ethic which means all of his packages get delivered to the correct people on time - at no extra charge - and nothing stands in his way. Not assassins political leaders explosions or even death.<br /><br />I expect a certain level of violence in a martial arts film but there are several scenes in this movie of random and horrible acts of violence that lend itself in no way to the advancement of the movie or its story. There is a reason this movie went directly to video and there are tons of reasons to avoid it. No one should bother with this tripe.<br /><br />
critique6766 I was in Blockbuster and I saw a film called "Dark Harvest". The cover art looked great the plot wasn't that bad and the tagline (You reap what you sow) made the movie look pretty good. But I was dumb that day because I did something I should have never done. I rented a "Straight To Video Independent Horror Film" Walking out with my much better rentals I went home popped Dark Harvest in the DVD player and it began. I figured I would watch the trailer after the film was done (BAD IDEA) but went ahead and watched it anyway. NOW to the review.*POSSIBLE SPOILERS* First off the acting by the "kids" sucks and the scene when the 2 (main characters) are talking the lighting sucks and the buildings even look fake! Now they go to this house where Sean Connel's (I think he's the main character I don't care) relatives lived there. All of a sudden one by one they all start getting killed by...(gasp) A KILLER SCARECROW!!!! AHHH!!!!! The scarecrow is obviously the definition of low budget and the scenes where the scarecrow is computerized looks so fake it's hilarious. It makes dinosaur noises and everything! And then at the end...they shoot the scarecrow with a gun (that is red for god's sake and looks like it was purchased at a local family dollar) and it pauses for a while and then.....(gasp) BLOWS UP!!!!!!<br /><br />Save yourself some time I'm telling you this movie sucks. if you need to pass an hour and a half look at the wall because looking at the wall is A+ fun compared to this disaster. It is quite funny though.<br /><br />Overall Grade: F If there was anything lower **F-** Than I would give it that.
critique6767 Rossini once described rival composer Wagner's work as having "some wonderful moments...and some awful quarter-hours". Inuyasha it seems can also be described this way. It has many great episodes but in between them are countless filler episodes. The entire series consists of about 175 episodes of which I'd say at least 125 are filler or some sort of subplot (I didn't bother to count and I wouldn't be surprised if that number were in fact higher though).<br /><br />Some of these filler episodes are actually quite enjoyable though many are quite silly or dull. Nonetheless the constant digressions start to wear thin after the first few seasons as the plot ends up progressing at a labored crawl for most of the series. Character development too slows down greatly and by the later seasons the cast has become quite unchanging resulting in increasingly stale jokes (particularly those concerning the monk who's ironic traits start out as mildly humorous but grow tiresome when the jokes associated with them appear repeatedly).<br /><br />However all of that isn't to say that Inuyasha is a bad series. It just isn't a great series the way Neon Genesis Evangelion for example is generally considered to be. As something to watch at the end of a hard day it is nice but it could never be confused with high art.
critique6768 I found it a real task to sit through this film. The sound track was not the best and some of the accents made it difficult to understand what was being said. There was little to move the plot along and often the action simply stopped and there was a prolonged period of conversations which seemed extraneous to the movie. These conversations switched between family groups and the observer was left to try and piece together what the common thread was that tied them together. It is rare that I rate a film this low and do so in this case as the entire viewing experience left me thinking "so what" and "why did I waste my time watching this."
critique6769 1 hour and 40 minutes of talking--boring talking and more talking and then some. It is hard for me to grasp how an actress like Anne Parillaud who shone superbly in Femme Fatale would sign up for such a piece of crap! Unbelievable. If you need a nightcap this movie might help although I would prefer some nice classical music. unfortunately i just found out that i have to write 10 lines for my comment to appear--that's almost as unbelievable! so short and succinct one or two sentence commentaries expressing one's core take on a movie is not enough. geez people. i made my point and don't to waste your time with more unnecessary words--as this movie does. Wolfgang
critique6770 THE CRIMSON RIVERS is one of the most over-directed over-the-top over-everything mess I've ever seen come out of France. There's nothing worse than a French production trying to out-do films made in Hollywood and CR is a perfect example of such a wannabe horror/action/buddy flick. I almost stopped it halfway through because I knew it wouldn't amount to anything but French guys trying to show-off.<br /><br />The film starts off promisingly like some sort of expansive horror film but it quickly shifts genres from horror to action to x-files type to buddy flick that in the end CR is all of it and also none of it. It's so full of clichÃƒÂ©s that at one point I thought the whole thing was a comedy. The painful dialogue and those silent pauses with fades outs and fades ins just at the right expositionary moments made me groan. I thought only films made in Hollywood used this hackneyed technique.<br /><br />The chase scene with Vincent Cassel running after the killer is so over-directed and over-done that it's almost a thing of beauty. The climax on top of the mountain with the stupid revelation about the killer(s) with Cassel and Reno playing "buddies" like Nolte and Murphy in 48 HRS completely derailed what little credibility the film had by then.<br /><br />It's difficult to believe that the director of THE CRIMSON RIVERS also directed GOTHIKA which though had its share of problems doesn't even come close to the awfulness of this overbaked confused film.
critique6771 I wanted to like this film and certainly there is room for a psychological character-driven movie which doesn't go for the cheap thrills. Yet for the enjoyment of a movie one requires a believable plot some pacing and editing and a feeling of involvement. In The Clearing what starts out as an intriguing mystery with a kidnapping and unknown motives turns into a slow draggy pointless exercise. Nothing much really happens and the so-called character-driven angles (as expressed by the director in his commentary) really don't add up to much.<br /><br />Fine actors are wasted here. Robert Redford does his best trying to engage and outwit Willem Dafoe. Dafoe brings a bit of nuance to his character insofar as one can feel somewhat sympathetic towards him. It's unfortunate that Dafoe has been typecast as a villain he's gone into the Christopher Walken Hall of Fame of Typecasting.<br /><br />Wendy Crewson is usually good but her character's entry into the movie was brief and contrived and I was wondering why they even bothered to introduce her character. By far the biggest waste of talent was Helen Mirren. In the director's commentary all I heard was how fabulous a talent she is. I agree she's a great actress. Then why was she not used properly? Only towards the climax of this movie does she get to show herself but by then the viewer has quit caring.<br /><br />Too bad I liked parts of this movie but as another reviewer wrote once you're halfway in you know the film is not going to get much better.
critique6772 It's incredible how a movie can take so much time and effort and still end up being abominable. For those of you who appreciate painstaking special effects and inconceivable detail in every shot you will watch this film in awe. Simply because Predator Island contains none of this. It is a redundant remake of every horror monster movie in the last two decades. Now I appreciate bad horror films they have a certain flare for humor in the most dramatic of circumstances. However if your goal is to create a memorable work that will thus be engulfed in the Cult Hall of Fame then my first suggestion is to find some imagination/creativity plus get some talent. Oh and a few extra bucks to put into your picture.<br /><br />One horror film tradition has been to shock the audience with violent deaths and gore. However shock doesn't deliver for more than a few seconds. To really evoke a satisfying reaction from paying crowd there should b development of characters some identifiable traits. I know you're probably saying this guy is not providing anything intelligent to the filmmakers he's just stating an amateur remark. Well that goes to show you how amateur these filmmakers are.<br /><br />Despite having to go through the horror of watching this movie there was a silver lining. The performance by Dan Gordon as Chris is splendid. He is given nothing to work with in a script and yet he is able to come out of that film looking like a star. Out of all of the actors he is the only who believes in what he is reciting. He not only provides the audience with someone we can identify with but we also have someone we look forward to watching so we can get through the rest of the film. Gordon shows genuine talent and the ability to pull off quality work and overcoming a huge obstacle that being the rest of the cast. Dan Gordon is going to be a star hopefully sooner than later. That is to say if he can get away films like this that will hold him back.
critique6773 Stay away from this movie! It is terrible in every way. Bad acting a thin recycled plot and the worst ending in film history. Seldom do I watch a movie that makes my adrenaline pump from irritation in fact the only other movie that immediately springs to mind is another "people in an aircraft in trouble" movie (Airspeed). Please please don't watch this one as it is utterly and totally pathetic from beginning to end. Helge Iversen
critique6774 Even thought I'm not the biggest of Cher fans this movie was her crowning achievement. Granted there were long term side-effects and risks of brain damage memory loss (and) intellectual impairment upon the screening such a film. A 1989 survey of Moonstruck fans by the UK Advocacy Network revealed that one-third of 300 Moonstruck fans surveyed believed Moonstruck had damaged them and an astounding 80% claimed it had irreparably destroyed their minds.<br /><br />Cher plays someone very un-Cher in this movie a dowdy young widow named Loretta living in New York with her extended family. They're anti-American pro-Italian and always at each other in someway. She has been going out with Johnny Camarary for a while a nice mamma's boy man and he asks her to marry him. She says yes. I loved her mom's questions: "Do you love him Loretta?" "No." "Good. If you love him he'll drive you crazy because they know they can. But you like him then?" "Oh yeah he's a sweet man Ma". When Johnny goes off to Sicily to care for his dying mother he asks that Loretta make contact with his brother who he's been estranged from for years.<br /><br />This victory for human rights carries even greater significance as Sicily was the birthplace of electroshock treatment. In 1938 Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti saw slaughterhouse workers using electric shock devices to cause epileptic fits in pigs easing the job of slitting their throats. Cerletti was inspired and began experimenting with electroshock on humans developing the first Electroshock machine. Broken bones and fractured vertebrae that resulted from the convulsions appeared to be of little concern.<br /><br />This wasin so many ways an anti-American movie. It's about love to be sure but it's also about infidelity secrets lonely people and strange behavior brought on by American policies. The characters from the frumpy BoBo at the favorite restaurant the aunt and uncle her parents and their problems the ancient grandfather and his dogs are all well developed and intrinsic characters. It's somewhat of a chick flick as it's how Loretta stops being a dowdy stuffed shirt and awakens the flower of the inner vamp. It's a Cinderella story in many ways and that is every little girl's dream to emerge from the ugly duckling into a beautiful swan...<br /><br />Assuming free and fully informed Consent it is well to reaffirm the individual's right to pursue happiness through brain damage if he or she so chooses. But we might ask ourselves whether we as fans of cinema though in no way sworn to any Hippocratic Oath should be offering it.
critique6775 Everybody who wants to be an editor should watch this movie! It shows you about every mistake not to do in editing a movie! My grandma could have done better than that! But that's not the only reason why this movie is really bad! (It's actually so bad that I'm not able to write a sentence without exclamation mark!) If the first episode of Ã‚Â‘Les Visiteurs' was a quite good familial comedy with funny jokes and cult dialogues this sequel is copying badly the receipe of the first one. The funny parts could be counted on one hand and maybe half of it. Clavier is over-acting his role even more than in the first part Robin is trying to act like Lemercier (because she's replacing her) but that's Ã‚Â‘grotesque'. Lemercier is Lemercier Robin is Robin! Even if Muriel Robin can be funny by herself on stage she is not in this movie because she's not acting as she used to act. I know that it should be hard to replace somebody who was good in a role (Lemercier obtained a CÃƒÂ©sar award for her role in the first movie) but she made a big mistake: instead of playing her role she played Ã‚Â‘Lemercier playing her role'! As for the story it's just too much! Of course we knew at he end of the first movie that there would be a sequel but PoirÃƒÂ© and Clavier should hae tried to write a more simple story like the first episode. The gags are repetitive childish and dÃƒÂ©jÃƒÂ -vu. No really there's no more than 3 funny parts in this. The only good things might be the costumes and some special effects. So you have only 2 reasons to watch it: 1) if you want to learn how to edit awfully a movie 2) if you want to waste your time or if you really need a Ã‚Â‘brainless moment'! 2/10
critique6776 Ben Affleck about to be married is shaken up by a plane accident and gets involved with one of the other passengers (Sandra Bullock forcing herself to act insane). Who is to blame for this inept ugly morass? It is so badly edited when I looked in the credits it wasn't to read the editor's name--it was to see if the person actually took the credit! Rife with clichÃƒÂ©s contrivances and Sandra Bullock in raccoon eye-makeup the movie doesn't even concern itself with creating chemistry between the two main characters. Laughs are non-existent: the scene in the gay bar with Affleck might have gotten a big laugh if it weren't so stupid (the bar patrons--a big rowdy bunch of them!--shout for Affleck to strip and start digging out their cash). It's not supposed to have any significance other than getting Ben to loosen up a little but the direction of the whole scene is wrong-headed and the outcome is unseen because the idiot editor cuts away...or was that all the film he had? It's a small moment but it's typical of this film an amateurish piece of pop-goods that wants to be an edgy modern comedy but doesn't have any guts. It is tailor-made for the bottom shelf at your video store. * from ****
critique6777 The sounds in the movie were so mundane and ridiculous seriously banging on the door hinges for about 30 minutes really crunches your teeth and makes your head hurt.<br /><br />i love bad puns more than the next guy but come on "no blood on our hands" being said about a million times by Matt Dillon' character and when Matt Dillon's character shoots the bum the lead character which i fail to remember his name because i don't really think anyone cares gets blood on his hands literally.<br /><br />the background music with the heavy metal guitar ringing an A-chord for about 5 minutes isn't my idea of music come on i was having the worst headache by the end of this garbage.
critique6778 When I go out to the video store to rent a flick I usually trust IMDb's views on a film and until this one had never seen a flick rated 7.0 or above on the site I did not enjoy.<br /><br />Sidney Lumet a legendary director of some of the best films of the 20th century really misstepped here by making one of the biggest mistakes a filmmaker can: filling a film's cast with thoroughly unlikeable characters with no real redeeming qualities whatsoever.<br /><br />I like films with flawed characters but no matter how dark someone's personality is we all have a bit of light in there too we're all shades of gray with some darker or brighter than others. Mr. Lumet crossed this line by filling this movie with totally unsympathetic and almost masochistic pitch-black characters.<br /><br />Ethan Hawke's Hank is a 30-something whining immature irresponsible man-child divorced from a marriage with a wife that hates him and a daughter who thinks he's a loser which he very much is. His indecisiveness and willingness to let others do the dirty work for him because he's too cowardly to do it himself leads directly to their bank robbery plan falling apart and mother getting killed. By the time he stands up to his older brother at the end of the film it's more pathetic than uplifting. Ethan Hawke plays his character well but isn't given much to work with as he is portrayed as someone with a boot perpetually stamped on their face and he doesn't' particularly care that it's there.<br /><br />Speaking of which his character's wife is equally as bad. Just about every single shot of the film she's in is her verbally berating him for rent and child support money and further grinding in his already non-existent self-esteem with insults. Seriously that's just about all the character does. Her harpy-like behavior borders on malevolent.<br /><br />Albert Finney plays their father Charles and while Mr. Finney has been a great actor for many decades he spends about 90% of this film with the same mouth open half-grimace on his face like he's suffering from the world's worst bout of constipation. For someone who's been an actor as long as Mr. Finney you think he'd be more apt at emoting. Even though he doesn't show it much his character is supposedly grief stricken and anger-filled. And when he smothers Andy at the film's conclusion it's akin to Dr. Frankenstein putting the monster he helped create out of it's own misery.<br /><br />Marisa Tomei isn't given much to do with her character. Stuck in an unhappy marriage with Andy and having an affair with his brother for some unfathomable reason. When Andy's world begins to spiral out of control she logically jumps ship but it really doesn't make her any less selfish or self-serving than any other character in the film but probably the one with the most common sense at least.<br /><br />And finally we come to Andy played by the always good Philip Seymour Hoffman is the only reason I rated this film a 3 instead of a 1. His performance of the heroin-addicted embezzling financial executive who's "perfect crime" of robbing his parent's insured jewelry store goes awry is mesmerizing. His descent from calm master planner of a flawed scheme to unstable deranged homicidal maniac is believable and tragic. Hoffman's character ends up being the film's chief villain but it's hard to root against him given the alternatives are an emotionally castrated little brother and a father who's self-admitted poor early parenting led to his son's eventual psychosis and indirect unintentional murder of his mother.<br /><br />Ultimately this film is really only worth watching for PSH's great performance and it's family train wreck nature. Just don't expect there to be any characters worth cheering for because there really aren't.
critique6779 Can there be a worst film? Even Ed Wood at his horrific worst couldn't come up with something this bad. Cheesy stupid long-winded preposterous...and those are the good points. I saw this trash back in the early 80's when I was incredibly bored to begin with and actually sat through the entire thing without blowing my brains out although that probably would have been a more pleasant experience. I actually remembered it because it was so bad. It makes me sad in a way because some of the best directors got their start by making TV movies (ie Spielberg) and it was a wonderful way for them to get their initial material before the public but crap like this just totally killed the entire process.
critique6780 A SOUND OF THUNDER. One of the greatest short stories ever written. By one of the grandest Grand Masters of Fantasy Ray Bradbury. What a great story.<br /><br />But what a vomitous movie! <br /><br />In Bradbury's science fiction short story a company called Time Safari offers big game hunters the opportunity to go back in time and kill dinosaurs. Rule Number One is: Stay On The Path a floating metallic walkway that ensures no interaction with the prehistoric environment. During a hunt a man steps off the path and inadvertently crushes a butterfly. When the hunting party returns to the present - the world as they know it has drastically changed. Though there are paradoxes in any time travel story Bradbury's tale was a quick jugular stroke a parable of the ripple effect.<br /><br />A Sound of Thunder was published in 1952 (according to Wikipedia the most republished science fiction story of all time) and illustrated Chaos Theory Darwinism and The Butterfly Effect (which would only be coined in the 1960s by Edward Lorenz). In Bradbury's story the wonder of time travel was overshadowed by corporate greed in turn overshadowed by the mortal danger to humanity's existence itself.<br /><br />While in the movie A SOUND OF THUNDER (directed by the uneven Peter Hyams CAPRICORN ONE 2010: ODYSSEY TWO) a clutch of bad actors goes through the time portal again and again to try to rectify their mistakes like an excrement version of BACK TO THE FUTURE. The movie has nothing to do with Bradbury's powerful tale except the initial jolt of the time traveling prehistoric hunting party. Egregious liberties are taken with Bradbury's story - baboon-faced reptiles plants overrunning Chicago's concrete time waves rippling through the city CGI insectoids - for which Bradbury should sue the pants and underpants and ass-hairs off the filmmakers.<br /><br />Novice writers Thomas Dean Donnelly Joshua Oppenheimer and Gregory Poirier should start a Big Balls Agency for thinking they could actually add elements to a Ray Bradbury story that would improve it. How do these guys walk in a straight line with balls this big? Ben Kingsley is the corporate owner of Time Safari with a hairpiece so bad it looks like a hairpiece Edward Burns is his lead hunter Travis and Catherine McCormack (who was Murron MacClannough in BRAVEHEART) is the scientist with the best breasts.<br /><br />I can't possibly relate the hundreds upon thousands of egregious stupidities and asinine pieces of dialog but here is just one spoken by David Oyelowo as some kind of "scientist": he refers to the Pleiades star cluster "The Seven Sisters they look like stars don't they? But each of them is a whole galaxy." Uh no idiot scientist they're actually uh stars.<br /><br />Those three morons who rewrote Bradbury's story forgot they didn't know anything about physics or astronomy. Or writing.<br /><br />Best part of the movie is Catherine McCormick's chest straining against her disheveled one-size-too-small blouses.<br /><br />--Review by Poffy The Cucumber (for Poffy's Movie Mania).
critique6781 Charles Bronson continued his 80's slump with what could possibly be his worst movie of the decade if not ever. In it he plays a detective who goes to great lengths to track down a pimp who has abducted an Asian girl and is currently selling her to the highest bidder. It's a shameful attempt at action and is quite possibly the most depressing movie ever made. A lot of people consider the Death Wish sequels to be Bronson's worst movies. The Death Wish sequels weren't great movies but were in most cases competently made and very watchable. Kinjite however is an utterly dull thriller which is punctuated by mean spirited racism and child molestation. It really is a rephrensible film and all of it is made worse by the fact that it tries to preach a "Law and Justice" mentality that is too overwrought to really say anything. Indeed the movie begins with underage sex being interrupted with Bronson then anally raping the pedophile with a dildo. The Chicago theater I watched this in just gasped at the awkwardness of this scene only to gasp at the awkwardness of the pimp raping the girl in this film. It has no point other than to exploit and really the movie wasn't well written enough to rise above the exploitation level and deliver something that would work. Bronson seems more into things but clearly this is far too repugnant to save. I want to point out that I think Charles Bronson is the coolest actor ever but this effort is ultimately his worst. The action sequences are poor also.<br /><br />1/2* out of 4-(Awful)
critique6782 Sayles had a very interesting film on his hands with Silver City however it somehow became very muddied as it progressed from beginning to end. Chris Cooper did an exceptional job embodying the essence of his character a Dubya of sorts but he wasn't nearly given enough screen time. Instead we find ourselves on a rampage with a character that felt less personal less developed and overall too confusing. The path that this Danny Huston leads us on inevitably becomes the downfall of the film. Too many characters are introduced to us in such a short time. These characters randomly were involved with the progression of the plot which became too convoluted with each passing minute. Sayles knew what he was creating I just feel as if it wasn't being translated well to the silver screen.<br /><br />Sayles is a master of his trade. His films continue to inspire and evoke thought even if they are not commercial successes. The trouble with Silver City is that I think he found himself going too deep with not enough money or time to explain it all. At the beginning of the film I had an idea of what was happening but as more and more characters were introduced as more and more plot twists tried to occur I lost the sense of the film by the ending. While the ending was very clever and very dark I needed more explanation. I think some of the reason that I lost my train of thought with this film was due to the casting of Danny Huston as our guide. He was pathetic. I didn't seem him as very exciting person to lead us on this adventure. He seemed to go through the motions but not really accomplish much at all. This was the first downfall of Sayles' important film.<br /><br />While I will admit that the characters played by Richard Dreyfuss Miguel Ferrer James Gammon and Daryl Hannah were interesting I just needed a better guide to help me understand their roles in this political scandal. Danny Huston just did not cut it for me. Outside of the characters Sayles needed a stronger script. I sometimes felt that unless I was deeply rooted in the political world some of the references were well over my head. The entire reasoning for Silver City to be built and the corruption behind it eluded me. I am a simpleton that loves advanced films but this one just didn't make much sense to me. There were several times that I found myself asking "Why" instead of seeing the whole picture. I felt as if the individual stories were as clear as glass yet the whole picture was dusty and murky at the same time. Sayles needed to concentrate more on the bigger picture instead of these smaller issues which ultimately fogged this film.<br /><br />Perhaps I went into this film with the wrong idea. I was expecting to see another version of Primary Colors but instead witnessed something less heartfelt and more technical. Without giving the ending away I thought that the final scene was one of the most beautiful moments in political cinema history. The brilliant symbolism has stayed in my mind for the past two days after watching this film while the rest of the movie quickly shuffled away from my mind. Maybe a second viewing would do better for me but for some odd reason Silver City just didn't click with me. There seemed to be too many loopholes that were never explained or accounted for. An ensemble piece is always good with me but when the characters are introduced without explanation it just looses steam. This was one of those rare occasions.<br /><br />Overall I was very upset with this film. Being very Democrat I wanted to see a side of politics that I wasn't aware of and another side that would make you chuckle. I wanted to be engulfed with the world of corporate money and the dufus' that are elected. I wanted intelligent humor framed by the words of George W. but instead all I found was a very confusing story aimed at a certain audience of which I will never be a part. Sad this picture had so much wasted promise.<br /><br />Grade: ** out of *****
critique6783 This movie is just crap I cant put it differently. Since the very beginning one knows is going to be crap. <br /><br />The story dialogue acting special effects make-up pretty much EVERYTHING sucks. I like vampire movies and I know they will never be Oscar winning movies but this one is not even worth seeing I can't believe how somebody produced this thing.<br /><br />It's not even about vampires it's more about a dream/reality experience. The development of the movie is incoherent the motivation of the characters is... Doesn't exist everything seems like a big joke. Maybe that's what they tried to do but I sincerely doubt it. I wish I knew what they tried to pull but it just backfired it's definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life (and I've seen many bad movies but nothing compared to this) Please make yourselves a favor and do NOT watch this. <br /><br />P.S. It's also full of clichÃƒÂ©s! P.S. 2 Bad Script Bad directing Bad cinematography. P.S. 3 I bothered commenting on this as a favor to everyone.
critique6784 American film makers decided to make a film they think is Japanese. The characters all badly represented the actors are not even Japanese and the set is cheap unreal and definitely doesn't represent Kyoto in Early 20ties and 30ties. Who ever read the book understand that the script writers didn't add any extra value to differentiate the movie from the script. Worse they even changed the original plot line with a few goofs. Rob Marshall is using for his two main characters two well known Chinese actors who joined before in crouching tiger hidden dragon. Marshall probably saw one Chinese movie and tho they represent Japanese culture. Seeing those two actors together again even makes the movies more ridiculous. Quentine Tarantino's last scene in Kill Bill #1 is ten times more Japanese made than that of this movie.
critique6785 Near the closing stages of Baby Mama one of the central characters goes on to describe the basic outline of everything that came before and summarises that it 'was all just a mess'; I really couldn't say it any better than that. And while the feature does have its odd ray of hope every now and again the vast majority of what is present is too neutered to be considered relevant and too unremarkable to be worth anyone's time. A lacklustre cast mundane script and vague caricature characters ensure that Baby Mama certainly isn't taxing on the ol' noggin but it never makes up for this through its proposed sense of humour. Consisting mainly of very routine clichÃƒÂ© jokes based around an odd couple (rich and poor) trying to live with each other as they prepare to bring a baby into the world the film is far too esoteric to deliver laughs outside its very thin demographic.<br /><br />As a story on finding love it's not that bad but playing this plot line as a side-story of sorts to work alongside the comedy-orientated odd couple tangent characterisation is notably weak resulting in a lukewarm romance that never bubbles. As characters themselves both central figures are mildly amusing when put together in small spaces but when left alone quickly unravel and bare their emptiness; so while we may eventually come to find the character's interactions with each other amusing at times the comedy never branches beyond distant chuckles; we don't feel for the characters and don't find them inherently interesting but rather their dynamic. Unfortunately however although this dynamic works best or at least better than the individual personas as mentioned above it rarely stems outside of the typical confines of the odd-couple formula.<br /><br />Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful business woman who has hired working class dumb-blonde Angie (Amy Poehler) to be her unlikely surrogate and after Angie decides to leave hopeless husband Carl (Dax Shepard) both eventually have to learn to live together despite their obvious differences. Yes it's the typical odd-couple premise and one that we have already seen in this year's What Happens in Vegas yet what Baby Mama lacks that the aforementioned movie had is both chemistry between performers and semi-layered characters. Kate and Angie both fail to ever show much of a personality outside of their two dimensional outline and as such both performers are neglected to play out roles that demand chemistry to produce out of thin air. In fact the movie's only real engaging performance and character comes from the underused talents of Romany Malco who gets lumbered with playing a door-man. Of the few times that I laughed during Baby Mama most of those moments were because of this man and the remainder usually fell to Shepard.<br /><br />It's a rare thing of course to find a movie which embodies its script's themes in the way which its world is shot and presented to us through the camera and yet director Michael McCullers goes from page to screen effectively enough. Yet for a film about babies multi-million dollar business and cultural stereotyping this isn't necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama is grade-A hammy plastic tinsel-town with capital bore topped with sugar. So not only did I feel emotionally distant to the characters because of their two-dimensional nature but I simply didn't care for the world they inhabited. The dialogue along with sets costumes and the script's general themes are painted in pastel blues and pinks so much that all shades of humanity are lost in the director's incessant need to make his movie feel like a neutered fantasy; these aren't characters and that isn't our world in any wayÃ‚Â… so why should I care? At the end of the day however a romantic comedy's ultimate gauge of success or failure comes down purely to its chemistry between its love interests and the frequency of its laughs; Baby Mama has little going on in any of these departments. Of course to say that the film is without any value at all would be unfair. I'm sure female audiences in a similar boat as lead character Kate may get a slight kick out of the proceedings but anyone else will probably just feel numb and probably bored. In this respect Baby Mama avoids being unbearable but never convinces in being anything remarkable or worthy of a look to anyone outside of its immediate audience; a comedic dud and a romantic mismatch Baby Mama is too light-headed to be interesting and too shallow to be entertaining.<br /><br />- A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
critique6786 I was dying to see this once I saw the ridiculous MEATBALLS poster and divined that it had to be the best satire ever. What a brilliant idea for a satire--the genre is rife. Unfortunately the finished product (as I think all involved probably realize) is a catalogue of missed opportunities not-quite-there performances and (thankfully!) a few extremely hilarious inspired bits. Janeane Garafolo who is very striking looks really bad here probably because she is uncomfortably struggling to make her flat role funny. David Hyde Pierce is just sad to watch trying to hard to be funny and looking like a Castro nerd. Molly Shannon is so funny just SEEING her makes you laugh but somehow her segment fails to snowball into something hysterical. Paul Rudd had great teen mannerisms and was sexy as hell the other guys are also really funny (the nerdier ones). I think the problem is the director just doesn't move things along at the right pace. He starts out very deadpan and that sets the monotone. But when he lets things get really outrageous (the drug sequence is the second funniest moment I've had all year in movies the first also coming in a lame movie: Andrea Martin in ALL OVER THE GUY complaining about the movie IN & OUT) it's just plain funny. I wanted this movie to work so badly but it just didn't. The clothes and styling for 1981 are 99.9% PERFECT and the very few songs used are also perfect. This ends up as a medium-bad MAD TV episode complete with frustratingly overlong sketches.
critique6787 Not that he'd care but I'm not one of Simon Pegg's friends. If I was there's a good chance we'd fallout if he continued to make dross like this. The trouble is he found a successful formula as the bumbling ordinary guy-next-door type in Shawn of the Dead Run Fat Boy Run etc but it's starting to wear thin. Here his character has no discernible qualities he's rude and obnoxious and thinks he's funny when he frankly isn't. When transferred to New York from London (and I presume this link is meant to appeal to viewers on both sides of the Atlantic) he proves equally out of place with his new colleagues. Still is it any wonder when amongst his jolly japes he hires a transvestite stripper to appear at an editorial meeting an act of revenge for his boss. Yet somehow Kirsten Dunst starts to warm to him even though he's done nothing nice. Oh and because he's a superficial male he falls for Megan Fox at first sight possibly because her character is as shallow as his. It all makes for a predictable film conclusion although I can't see any viewer expressing how this mirrored their life. The shame is that on paper this is a cast supposedly worth watching. Pegg though plays himself Kirsten Dunst seems to just go though the motions creating no on screen chemistry and Megan Fox isn't stretched at all. The one huge plus is Miriam Margolyes as Pegg's New York landlady - now if she had been on screen longer.....
critique6788 The first users comments are very detailed for a very vague movie. Not saying that I disagree but this summary can be written in a few sentences. To get straight to the point this is pretty much like watching the making of a really bad amateur porno flick. There are a few funny points in the movie but with the kind of things that happen in todays youth everyday its actually kind of lame. The main actor in the movie is a pompous jackass and both guy and girl in the film are way too modest to be in a film like this. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS MOVIE. The only reason why I gave it a 4 and not a 1 is that they used at least a somewhat attractive girl in the movie and towards the end you got to see almost full frontal nudity from the girl thats it thats the only thing thats worth watching it for. the end
critique6789 Horrible movie. This movie beat out revenge of the living zombies for the WORST movie I have ever suffered through. What the !@$% were the morons who made this film thinking. Was it supposed to be scary. Because man let me tall you it wasn't. It was so dumb it wasn't funny. We all know that tropical islands are the natural hunting grounds for killer snowmen. And those stupid baby snowballs. Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid. Fake snow and lousy actors. OH and frost looks nothing like he does on the box. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME. REnt it and destroy it.
critique6790 With all the excessive violence in this film it could've been NC-17. But the gore could've been pg-13 and there were quite a lot of swears when the mum had the original jackass bad-hairdewed boy friend. There was a lot of character development which made the film better to watch then after the kid came back to life as the scarecrow there was a mindless hour and ten minutes of him killing people. The violence was overly excessive and i think the bodycount was higher than twelve which is a large number for movies like this. ALmost every character in the film is stabbed or gets their head chopped off but the teacher who called him "white trash" and "hoodlum" (though the character lester is anything but a hoodlum not even close i know hoods and am part hood they don't draw in class they sit there and throw stuff at the teacher). The teacher deserved a more gruesome death than anyone of the characters but was just stabbed in the back. There were two suspenseful scenes in the film but didn't last long enough to be scary at all. As i said the killings were excessive and sometimes people who have nothing to do with the story line get their heads chopped off. If the gore was actually fun to see then it would've been nc-17. Two kids describe a body they find in the cornfields they describe it as a lot gorier than it actually was they explained to the cop that there were maggots crawling around in the guys intestines. His stomach had not even been cut open so there was no way maggots were in his stomach though i would've liked to see that. The acting was pathetic characters were losers and the scarecrow could do a lot of gymnastix stunts. I suggest renting this movie for the death scenes i wont see it again anytime soon but i enjoyed the excessive violence. Also don't bother with the sequel i watched five minutes of it and was bored to death it sounds good but isn't. The original scarecrow actually kept me interested.
critique6791 The script for this TV soap opera is so bad that even A. Hopkins at some point had to play like an undergrad drama-student so as to bring some life in his script-dead character. I do not know whether this was the purpose of the director but Hopkins' Ciano reeked nothing but vanity fear and lack of self-esteem. The real Ciano possibly was all that but then why make a movie about him? Mussolini was a bit more convincing and his long way down was as if closer to the truth. Edda Mussolini was plain ridiculous (not because of Sarandon but because of the impotent script) while she had to be the central character of this alleged familial drama. Watch it only if you enjoy Venezuelan soap opera.
critique6792 The only positive thing I can think of regarding this utter piece of garbage is that now I finally have a good answer ready if anyone ever asks me what the worst movie I ever saw was called.<br /><br />It would have taken such little effort to make it more watchable...a lot more effort and it could have been brilliant even. <br /><br />Why would anyone want to produce such waste? <br /><br />I refuse to believe that a director could be so ridiculously untalented. <br /><br />Making a completely intolerable movie must have been the point. <br /><br />Anything else just doesn't make sense.
critique6793 Uh oh! I just said the this "classic" film has a plot that STINKS! Well it's true...so get over it! This film was a vanity project for Joseph P. Kennedy in which his mistress starred and money flowed to make her an even bigger star. Today only a fragmentary copy exists--one that was retored a few years back. However even if the film had been in perfect shape it STILL would have stunk for many reasons. And without further ado here are some of my reasons: <br /><br />First Gloria Swanson aged 31 plays a girl in a convent school--perhaps aged 16 or 18! Come on--she looks old enough to be the mother of many of the kids.<br /><br />Second the movie all hinges on the stupid concept of "love at first sight". While some people believe it this it is ridiculous to believe that a prince would throw away EVERYTHING on a woman he didn't even know! What a lot of hooey! <br /><br />Third the movie is histrionic and the plot is nuts! After leaving the school Kelly goes off to East Africa and then becomes "Queen of the Whores"--and later after the evil queen back in Europe dies (that's convenient) the prince is able to get out of prison actually finds Kelly and marries her and she then becomes queen of a real honest-to-goodness country! Gimme a break--this is RIDICULOUS even in the days of silent film this plot was a groaner!<br /><br />So in summary this is a poor film with great production values (mistresses need to LOOK good) that is parading around as a classic! There are so many BETTER silent films out there--see them first and avoid this tripe.
critique6794 Some teen agers go to an old deserted farm house left to one of them by their dead grandfather unaware that there had been several murders there decades earlier because their grandfather had made a pact with the devil for a good harvest- couldn't the guy have thought of something better to sell his soul for? The man's grandson and his friends are set up to be the next sacrifice for reasons which are never explained. The stereotypical teenage son and his girlfriend the black guy with a white girlfriend and the two lesbians have to do battle with three killer scarecrows- but don't be tricked like I was this isn't nearly as fun as it sounds. It's mostly just a lot of chit chat about ball kicking dope smoking and the lead actor complaining about never knowing his parents. The camera work is atrocious and shaky maybe done on a hand held camcorder in some scenes which maybe a good thing since the scarecrows look like they just came from some kid's birthday party and apparently they could only hire two people to play the three scarecrows! Some of the best movies I've seen have been these low budget independent horror movies but this one is just pathetic. The cast and crew seems to have just been made up of a bunch of people who knew each other had never acted before and had no intention of acting again and had a few thousand dollars (I can't believe this movie cost $130.000 to make) and a weekend of free time on their hands- even the lesbian skinny dipping scene is lame.<br /><br />I think it's amusing also that as of this writing there is a sequel to this film which no one has even bothered adding to IMDb.<br /><br />* out of **** and I only rate it that highly only because of the skinny dipping scene no matter how lame it may be.
critique6795 It's a shame really that the script of this film had more holes than you could shake a stick at (mixed metaphor intentional) because Kinski and Coyote - both supremely talented performers who are capable of great subtlety and nuance - have wonderful chemistry together and the always-provocative Fairuza Balk didn't hurt the mix either. Jeremy Piven would have been great here too if his character (and all the other supporting characters) hadn't been written as a plot device. As for the main proceedings the writers just didn't know how to create the suitable guilty-or-innocent tension for Kinski's character -- instead they gave us confusion contradiction and by the finale downright let's-hope-the-viewers-don't-notice claptrap.
critique6796 I picked this movie on the cover alone thinking that i was in for an adventure to the level of "Indiana Jones and The Temple of Doom". Unfortunately I was in for a virtual yawn. Not like any yawn i have had before though. This yawn was so large that i could barely find anything of quality in this movie. The cover described amazing special effects. There were none. The movie was so lightweight that even the stereotypes were awfully portrayed. It does give the idea that you can solve problems with violence. Good if you want to teach your kids that. I don't. Keep away from this one. If you are looking for family entertainment then you might find something that is more inspiring elsewhere.
critique6797 It's sad when you can see what a movie was attempting to do and it is quite obvious that it fell far far short of the mark. Film students should take this as a lesson and a warning. Would be graduate has an idea. He wants total control. So he writes directs produces his cinematic masterpiece all by himself. Usually his concept is far beyond his budget. Usually he writes an overblown script full of every tag line he can come up with. Usually he is more interested in the grand sweep of the story rather than on the nitty gritty of working with actors on individual scenes. Usually he ends up with a movie that is feeble in it's attempt to create miracles on a tiny budget. Usually he ends up with a series of encounters (we cannot do justice by calling them scenes) that feel like they were written by a 12 year old. And usually he ends up with badly acted scenes that fail to grab the viewer. When you look at Judges from this perspective you can immediately tell it's just the usual fare.
critique6798 Hard to get in-depth with this kind of stuff since there is absolutely no existing shred of even partial reason for watching it let alone expressing an opinion on it. I don't know anything about this - watched it for a laugh and stayed for the fake breasts. Apparently it's an unofficial sequel to 1982's "Slumber Party Massacre" which I DID enjoy as a fun slasher. "Cheerleader Massacre" looks like a late-nite soft-core Cinemax porno! And not surprisingly chicks like Nikki Fritz and Samantha Phillips (prolific T&A actresses) are in this. Plenty of nekkid hooters and not much else... A group of 20-something high school cheerleaders two random guys and the fat stupid comic-relief slob become stranded in the country and find a house where they plan to stay the night. The recently escaped "Slumber Party" killer is in the area and begins killing them off. There's no gore or originality and I wouldn't say the nudity is a real "selling point" since this is just about as boring a slasher movie can be. Absolutely terrible...
critique6799 Something does not work in this movie. There are absolutely no energies between the actors. In fact their very acting seems frozen sometimes amateur. Also the script is not convincing and not reliable.
critique6800 A lot of actors have a multitude of good movie roles in their soul. Some a handful. Others maybe a couple.<br /><br />Then there's Linda Blair. "The Exorcist". That's it.<br /><br />When you see "Chained Heat" and watch Linda Blair in it you have to wonder what if anything was running through her mind.<br /><br />Certainly not "Oh boy: Oscar for Best Actress here I come!"<br /><br />Just another women in prison film like they used to make for the cheap in the '70s this one actually has names you may recognize. John Vernon plays the dean... I mean the warden (with a hot tub in his office; wonder what he told the contractor?) Stella Stevens pops up even Henry Silva and Louisa Moritz show how bad they needed the work.<br /><br />And special mention of course for our heroine Sybil Danning as a bisexual prisoner who puts the moves on poor Blair. To paraphrase Sybil is as Sybil does and everything Sybil does is done perfect. Makes you forget what a terrible movie you're watching.<br /><br />Almost.<br /><br />Two stars. One for Sybil and another for trying to pass off Linda Blair as a sex symbol. Whatever could have possessed them (get it?)?
critique6801 Much has been written about Purple Rain the apparent "quin-essential" musician bio movie however I'm here to tell you that the movie does not deserve it's high praise.<br /><br />First of all let's get one thing straight Prince is a great musician and Music is the one area where Purple Rain excels. Even the score is mesmerising and if this was shot purely as a concert film it would be a great experience unfortunately it's not and as such the movie has some problems.<br /><br />First of all is the horrendous acting/writing Prince's character "The Kid" is supposed to come off as some type of mysterious loner of few words unfortunately this just comes off as corny and incensere. A good loner character should at least have some talkative moments unfortunately Prince's character rarely has over a few words of dialog in the film and it's hard to believe that he'd get the girl this way. Everything just seems a little off here which is a shame because you can tell this is a character that's terribly conflicted and lives a very complicated live but we aren't ever allowed to get inside of it.<br /><br />A surprising aspect of this film is just how much of this takes place in concert. Prince and Morris's lives seemingly take a back seat to the performances here which I guess makes sense from a business perspective but it's exhausting to have a 2 hour movie where seemingly half of it takes place on stage especially when the character's back stories get pushed aside for it.<br /><br />So to sum it up: This isn't a very good movie.
critique6802 I watched this movie tonight and I do need to say that it is horrible! I expected it to be great because you know usually we don't have many movies about Asian vampires mixed with Asian culture; but already in the beginning it started in a bad way: the introduction of the movie seemed not to have an end! The plot is so weak and if you take the fights and the soundtrack off you really don't have anything useful at all! The director of this film doesn't look to have some important notions about how much time to spend in introduction and flashbacks for example.( not to mention some other things)<br /><br />For people like me who wants to watch a great vampire movie I really recommend to watch ''Lost Boys'' or ''The Interview with the vampire''.
critique6803 This show is absolutely ridiculous. Yes of course its fake. But it is agonizing to watch. I personally know more creative film influenced minds that could "make" this seem real. The young lead male couldn't be more unconvincing. He line-reads everything he says. Are we really suppose to believe he knows what he is talking about? There is a plethora of ways to Blair-Witch this show up. Fear does not breed from what seems "cool" and computer generated. Nor does it generate from such proverbial lines as "What was that? Did you hear that?" Also There are real convincing psychics out there that don't just "Want to be on screen". Another DUH-Factor is... how do these producers think we are actually going to buy that paranormal activity will just magically happen within the 2 possibly 3 days (if we are lucky) they film. I don't think so. A 2 + week at one site would be more convincing. It is also disarming that they think including "Nasa radar checks" and computer's that show fancy bs really make us scared. AND IE: Exorcisms should not be staged like the film "The Exorcist". When are they going to get it right? Possession of the Devil or other evil spirits influence people differently. They don't just snarl and lower their voice like Linda Blair or fallel around like Courtney Love on a drug binge. As stated better concentrations on "psychic ability" would aid this show greatly. We want to see and hear EVERYTHING that supposingly flashes before them. Not cut-away to other story bs. On a final note- Shooting Stars do not generate interest when you showed fake pictures of UFO's ahead of time. Might I stress again the young dark haired man that hosts this show is absolutely down-right awful. Avoid this show. For fright: watch old Unsolved Mystery episodes... not the new ones (the recreation got it oh-so wrong). But that is for a different blog.
critique6804 Hungary can't make any good movies. Fact. This is a great example of that.<br /><br />First of all the term "plot" does not exist in this movie. It's seriously weak. Even tho a lot of people would argue with me on that. Sure it's about a taboo but that's about it. There are endless possibilities which could have been really great if used but they nearly skipped everything. I think the whole movie is just an excuse to show pictures which are the only decent things in this whole pile of awfulness.<br /><br />The acting is just plain shitty. There aren't many lines so you would think that the actors have great facial expressions or mimicking abilities but no. In fact 86% of the time they suck. And that's when they don't say anything. If they say even a single word you'll start tilting your head saying: "That's damn unrealistic". But than again this is partly the fault of the writing. There's also no emotion in most of the dialogs.<br /><br />The editing is sometimes OK but most of the time illogical and just worsens the whole picture. It could have given an emotional push yet it seems the editing in here is all about putting cuts after each other.<br /><br />Someone please explain it to me why critics say this movie is a masterpiece. Calling this an "Art" isn't gonna make it better. Sorry Mundruczo but you failed. Live with it. Even tho you probably won't care about my or any other guys opinion scarifying your "child".
critique6805 In the autobiographical coming-of-age tale "Romulus My Father" Eric Bana of "Munich" fame plays an impoverished German ÃƒÂ©migrÃƒÂ© struggling to raise his son Raymond (Kodi Smit-McPhee) in rural 1960's Australia. The major obstacle to the family's stability and happiness is his wife Christina (Franka Potente) who flagrantly violates her wedding vows by shamelessly shacking up with other men. Despite her highly unconventional behavior Romulus refuses to grant her a divorce masochistically torturing himself in the vain hope that she will one day return to him. It is unfortunately the good-hearted and good-natured Raimond who must bear witness to all this marital turmoil - and it is his memoir that serves as the basis for the movie (Raimond Gaita would later grow up to be an author).<br /><br />Even though I admire "Romulus My Father" for what it is trying to do I can't honestly say I enjoyed it for while the film has some fine performances and serious intentions going for it these simply aren't enough to counteract the dour storyline and funereal pacing which leave the audience as despairing and depressed as the people on screen. A serious slice-of-life drama is one thing but this unremittingly downbeat wallow in adultery insanity and multiple suicides (let alone attempted suicides) is something else again.
critique6806 I decided to watch this movie because it has been noted as the "scariest movie ever" so that's what I expected. Unfortunately what I found out is that the movie didn't have a single scary moment in it (and I'm the kind of person who jumps very easily). The movie was nothing but terrible clichÃƒÂ©s and every time there was a jump-moment it was incredibly obvious. The pros of this movie would be the music and the odd scene thats actually shot well (like the very last scene when she opens the door and you see Tun in the reflection and when it swings back to him you see the ghost on his shoulders). Overall this movie really added nothing new to the J-Horror genre and all-around lacked creativity and scares.
critique6807 This is the first time I have commented on a film because I felt that if the right person read it they might wake up and do something about it. Over the last few months ABC Family began airing a new format of movies. I have seen the last three and enjoyed them. They were engaging and did the trick. My wife likes these films. I was looking forward to viewing "See Jane Date". The trailers looked and sounded great. Unfortunately this is one film where the book must be light years ahead of the effort displayed by the writers and music people involved with this project. The year is 2003 the source (all bad) the score was as interesting as an elevator ride in a department store. It was intrusive and did not add any emotional content to the film at all. It worked against it. I work in the business of film and television . I enjoy being entertained. This is one instance where I kept thinking could it get any worse. The script had lines from another decade and I know these women can act but you wouldn't know it from this movie. To add to the overall experience the end left me shaking my head. An advice to the executives at Disney ABC  ABC Family and the producers: Under any circumstances please do not hire the composer or music supervisor to do any of your future films. They have lost their touch and they need to understand what the word "contemporary"  "present day" and "current" means when describing a romantic comedy. There is a world passing you by. All in all a huge disappointment from folks at Von Zerneck-Sertner and ABC Family.
critique6808 It's possible that A Man Called Sledge might have been done irreparable damage on the cutting room floor. Maybe someone will demand a director's cut one day but I seriously doubt it.<br /><br />James Garner decided to cash in on the spaghetti western market and in doing so brought a whole lot of Americans over to fill the cast out. Folks like Dennis Weaver Claude Akins John Marley. And of course we have Vic Morrow who both wrote and directed this film.<br /><br />Garner always gets cast as likable rogues because he's so darn good at playing them. But he has played serious and done it well in films like The Children's Hour and Hour of the Gun. He can and has broken away from his usual stereotyped part successfully. But A Man Called Sledge can't be counted as one of his successes.<br /><br />He's got the title role as Luther Sledge notorious outlaw with a big price on his head. After partner Tony Young gets killed in a saloon and Garner takes appropriate Eastwood style measures he's followed from the saloon by John Marley.<br /><br />Marley's spent time in the nearby territorial prison and it seems as though gold shipments are put under lock and key there on a rest stop for the folks transporting the stuff on a regular run. Garner gets his gang together for a heist.<br /><br />Here's where the movie goes totally off the wall. Usually heist films show the protagonists going into a lot of methodical planning. Certainly that was the case in The War Wagon which some other reviewer cited. But in this one Garner decides to break into the prison as a prisoner of fake US Marshal Dennis Weaver and cause a jailbreak at which time the gold will be robbed. <br /><br />That was just too much to swallow. If taking the gold was this easy it should have been done a long time before. But I will say for those who like the blood and guts of Italian westerns during that prison break there's enough there for three movies.<br /><br />That's not the whole thing of course the outlaws fall out and we have another gore fest before the film ends. But by that time the whole film has lost a lot of coherency.<br /><br />The great movie singer of the Thirties Allan Jones is listed in the credits. But for the life of me I can't find him in the film. Maybe a chorus of the Donkey Serenade might have made this better.<br /><br />Couldn't have hurt any.
critique6809 Tales from the Crapper is gory disgusting tasteless offensive lowbrow and scatological. But that's OK I was prepared for all that from my previous Troma experiences. What I WASN'T prepared for is that it's also witless unfunny and boring. Very little of the genuine anarchic spirit of films like "Class of Nuke'em High" has remained intact; in its place we get ENDLESS fart jokes (to the point where you start wondering if Lloyd Kaufman is going senile thinking that adults find loud farting so darn hilarious!) and a cynical shameless exploitation of the viewer who is essentially investing time and money to see a "film" that even Kaufman himself seems to know should never have been released in the first place. Oh yes there is plenty of female nudity on display but let's face it: the average porn film probably offers a better storyline higher production values funnier humor and above all more RESPECT for its intended viewer than this atrocity. <br /><br />P.S: Kelly Powers AKA Suzi Lorraine (the blonde lesbian student in the "How to make your own movie" segment) is one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen.
critique6810 Not the best of actors' movies.The director has concentrated on projected actor's stardom rather than giving a good entertainer. May be hero himself his family and his sincere fans can enjoy it.But definitely it's not worth for neutral audience.The fight sequences are a total comedy.The dance moves in the song sequences are pathetic. The music is average.This film was the biggest flop for the actor. Inspite of the hype created over the movie the movie failed miserably. Don't even think of watching this move even if you want to kill time. You can watch some cartoon instead.A good movie buff cannot digest this crap for 2 1/2 hours.
critique6811 A really wonderful cast and very talented technical crew wasted their valuable career time and our equally valuable leisure time by bothering to support this utterly predictable and plainly formulaic piece of commercial junk. The movie is based upon a really good and very topical idea but both the producers and the director simply applied the standard Hollywood 'disaster movie' formula and thereby ruined any potential value from the production.<br /><br />An unusually high tide and very strong gale conditions combine to produce a record high storm surge that overwhelms London and floods most of the Thames Valley. The plot centers around a heroic scientist (Tom Courtenay) who alerts the authorities of the danger and ultimately saves the day a glamorous female police chief who runs the entire show and an embattled Deputy Prime Minister (David Suchet) who tries to look important.<br /><br />But it's all so unreal that one feels like an extended tea break after just 30 minutes. The young glamorous female Police Commissioner demands complete authority over the army during a declared State of Emergency and gets it (as if!). The experienced General is just pushed aside like a complete moron who has to lick her boots because of her obviously superior capacity. The trouble is that our female supremo whilst now responsible for millions of lives spends most of her time worrying over the fate of her two daughters who have taken a trip to South West London and haven't telephoned to say they were alright. So our mighty woman sets her staff to look for them and decides that the sole priority for all the army and the rescue services must be South West London and not any other quarter of the city. Of course the Minister the Army and the entire entourage accept her prioritization without question. One can only assume they all had property there. When her children are eventually found after endless reports and efforts by her staff she is told by our male hero 'Thank God they're safe that's the main thing'. Never mind about the millions of others or all the other responsibilities she was supposed to control; as long as her own kids were safe everything was alright. <br /><br />This film is just another excuse to push the same old female chauvinist sexist clap trap that women are the clever mindful caring and clearly able leaders whilst men are good for nothing except physical bravery mindless strength and very specialist knowledge. And yet the one simple instruction that she could have given the populace; namely to go to the nearest tall building and calmly go up to the 4th floor or above and await instructions when the waters recede was never given by this female super hero - or indeed anyone else. The whole problem was so simple to solve and yet millions of people apparently didn't think of simply going upstairs! Pathetic rubbish.
critique6812 As far as the movie goes it's an OK science fiction movie. It has a lot of cool stuff in it and some quality scenes. That said it's not that good and some of the stuff is pretty far fetched...<br /><br />As for calling this another cube-movie is utter and complete bullsh!t. This is the very definition of milking a great and inventive original movie... The whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first but the introduction of people/androids as part of the "team" behind the cube itself is somewhat a stretch...<br /><br />I gave this a 3*** because of the backstabbing of the original. This one should have been kept sterile in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all...<br /><br />Watchable for those who have not seen Cube & Hypercube but not recommendable for fans of the series...
critique6813 I saw this movie and at times I was unnerved believing this movie 'saw me.' Munchie sullies the 'farce' for years to come. Re-watch Star Wars Don't-watch Munchie.<br /><br />As a responsible parent (I'm speaking to those who are parents now) I (you) would not let my (your) child ever partake of this video festival of the pseudo-occult. To insinuate Munchie is satanic to a co-viewer is likely to illicit a chilled 'duh.' He is fiendish alien rodential and wholly malevolent - like the Bogey man made flesh invisible to adults tempting children with lifestyles they could never afford (without the income made possible by years of self denial and prudent stewardship). He is a peddler of easy answers and false ideals. He is everything the morally conscious viewer is not. He is the devil's own Ron Popeil.<br /><br />I pray (I mean this literally and figuratively with an emphasis on the former) that this movie has not made the format jump to DVD. It is my hope that this type of 'yellow film making' died an un-mourned death in the cold nights of 1994.<br /><br />Munchie also loves pizza. I forgot to mention that. It comes up a lot.
critique6814 This is a genuinely horrible film. The plot (such as it is) is totally undecipherable. (I think it has something to do with blackmail but I'm not entirely certain.)<br /><br />Half of the dialogue consists of useless cliches. The other half is spoken by the various actors in such unintelligible imitations of "southern" accents that (thankfully) the words cannot be recognized.<br /><br />But the one true tragedy of the movie is that such a historic talent as Mary Tyler Moore apparently was in such dire financial or personal circumstances that she appeared in it.<br /><br />
critique6815 This movie had to be the worst horror movie I have ever seen. The acting was terrible Horrible and cheesy and talk about a predictable plot! I will never watch this movie again nor will I recommend this movie to anyone. What a waste of time! First as soon as the movie began I realized what I got myself into. All they did for this movie was copy scenes from many other horror movies out there and bunched them all into this one movie. The prank phone calls halloween night a psycho and one knife! Its absolutely ridiculous. I was not scared at all during the movie which I thought horror movies were supposed to do. As for the making of the movie its pretty hilarious how they all talk about how this movie was so great and so scary. I mean how do you not realize that the movies is a cheap rip off of "Scary Movie" for example. At least get some good actors in there and then maybe it would have been pulled off as a good horror movie.
critique6816 I'm a fan of Matthew Modine but this film--which I stumbled upon on cable--is absolutely witless. I see that the screenwriter and director were one and the same so there was no one around to check her worst instincts. There are no surprises no original lines and no original characters. The goldfish was basically the most sympathetic character. What a waste of all this acting talent. Given how expensive it is to film in New York these days I have to wonder how this got made in the first place. And if you're wondering why I watched it at all it came on after a film that I like on cable and I left it on while I worked at the computer. It's not a very demanding picture!
critique6817 OK let's get right to the point. We have five recent college grads (must have majored in the F word) going out on a weekend camping trip. They run into someone who is in need of help but instead of trying to assist him they decide to set him on fire instead. Nice bunch of people. Next some of them start go get sick - must be something in the water at the cabin they are staying at. However the neighbors seem to be OK. Oh well when things start getting really bad they lock up one their companions instead of getting help (try the neighbor by the way). Some locals don't take a liking to them. They chase one on a high speed romp through the woods for many miles until the truck breaks down. Somehow ten minutes later he shows up at the cabin (how he could find it and how he could travel at the speed of light to get there is a mystery). Another of the brain surgeon type at the cabin realizes something is amiss so he hides out in a cave to let this blow over. He then decides the next day to return to the cabin believing it must be some type of shrine. He is giddy with relief that he survived (he must have thought it was a 24 hour bug). Unfortuneatley he is met by some not so friendly police officers. Another couple decide to have sex while the flesh eating bug is working its magic and then the women realizes she needs to shave her legs (taking a lot of the diseased skin with shaving cream). Anyway you get the idea. Nothing makes sense here. These are five people I would not want to be friends with. I was rooting for the flesh eating bacteria. Other characters were introduced who were also somewhat amusing but utterly unlikeable as well. Ninety minutes of good life wasted here.
critique6818 I had heard good things about "States of Grace" and came in with an open mind. I thought that "God's Army" was okay and I thought that maybe Dutcher had improved and matured as a filmmaker. The film began with some shaky acting and I thought "well maybe it will get better." Unfortunately it never did. The picture starts out by introducing two elders -- Mormon missionaries -- and it seems that the audience will get to know them and grow to care about them. Instead the story degenerates into a highly improbable series of unfortunate events highlighting blatant disobedience by the missionaries (something that undeniably exists but rarely on the level that Dutcher portrays) and it becomes almost laughable.<br /><br />Dutcher's only success in this movie is his successful alienation of his target audience. By unrealistically and inaccurately portraying the lives of Mormon missionaries Dutcher accomplishes nothing more than angering his predominantly Mormon audience. The film in no way reflects reality. Missions are nothing like what Dutcher shows (having served a Mormon mission myself I can attest to this fact) and gang life in California certainly contains much more explicit language than the occasional mild vulgarity.<br /><br />The conclusion which I'm assuming was supposed to touch the audience and inspire them to believe that forgiveness is available to all was both unbelievable (c'mon the entire mission gathers to see this elder sent home -- and the mom and the girl are standing right next to each other!) and cheesy. Next time Dutcher try making a movie that SOMEONE can identify with.
critique6819 There is a reason Chairman of the Board got a 2 (which is too high) this movie flat out is one of the worse movies of all time and I seen my share of rotten films. Chairman of the Board stars two of the most annoying actors/people today Carrot Top and Courtney Thorne Smith. Carrot Top just isn't funny anymore and wasn't in this piece of trash. Courtney Thorne Smith isn't any better just watch "According To Jim" and you will see a prime example of what I am talking about. Chairman of the Board got a 1 from me because that is low as you can go it is that bad. I am a little shocked that this piece of junk isn't on the IMdb bottom 100 somewhere I would put this in the top 5 on that list but its slowly working its way there.
critique6820 The director states in the Behind-the-Scenes feature that he loves horror movies. He loves them so much that he dedicated the movie to Dario Argento as well as other notable directors such as George A. Romero and Tobe Hooper. Basically dedicating this movie to those great directors is like giving your mother a piece of sh*t for Mother's Day. The first thing they did wrong was the casting. CAST PEOPLE THAT CAN ACT. Also don't cast a person that is 40 years old for the role of a misunderstood 18 year old recluse. That's right he's been in high school for 22 years. The reactions made by people as they watch their boyfriends get their hearts ripped out is amusing. Or like one part when a guy gets stabbed in the ear with an ear of corn (haha get it) and his girlfriend just goes "Oh..my.. God?" The scarecrow himself is quite a character. Doing flips off cars and calling people losers.<br /><br />The movie does have one redeeming factor... oh wait no it doesn't.<br /><br />If you absolutely MUST see this movie than just watch the Rock and Roll trailer on the DVD. It covers about everything and has a really gnarly song dude.
critique6821 The plot in Petites Coupures certainly left this viewer dumbfounded.<br /><br />***spoiler***<br /><br />In the space of 48hrs or so Auteuil's character has an affair with a teenager loses his wife's affections attempts to seduce Scott Thomas is rejected by her goes on to grope yet another female character in the back of a car and then is finally shot for his trouble.<br /><br />***end of spoiler***<br /><br />wha ???<br /><br />The only saving grace in this flick is Kristin Scott Thomas. Similar to Charlotte Rampling she seems a *natural* to star in French cinema. My hope is that one day FranÃƒÂ§ois Ozon may cast her in a part where she can show her true talent.<br /><br />There are some fine French films such as the remarkable Le Colonel Chabert begging for a DVD release yet this is the tripe that gets chosen.<br /><br />Avoid this one.<br /><br />zzzz..
critique6822 The stage star Grace Hayes stars in this obscure little film. After years of being on the stage she is going to visit a small college town to check up on her son who is being raised by his grandfather. The kid doesn't know who his mother is and when she sees him in a local malt shop he's a boorish jerk. Part of the problem is that he is a college clown the other part is that he's really spoiled.<br /><br />Interestingly it turns out that Mom is really quite wealthy and has been not only funding her son's life but is a hefty contributor to the college. So she has the idea of forcing the young man to mature. She talks to the man who's raising Peter and has his allowance cut off completely--hoping he'll rise to the occasion. It also turns out that she puts the screws to the school because she thinks all these kids need to stop playing around and be more responsible.<br /><br />Now here's where it gets pretty dumb. To show that they know the value of hard work she hires a bunch of them to sing and dance at the malt shop she just purchased. Talk about contrived!! What happens next is like a long and not particularly good talent show or perhaps a poor man's version of a Judy Garland/Mickey Rooney musical! I'd suggest the kids try to do something else to earn money...or perhaps sing and dance until people pay them to stop! I know I would pay them.<br /><br />Considering that the talent is far from talented Peter is a bad actor and his change from lout to responsible adult is almost instantaneous the whole thing is a bit hard to take. Not a very good film by any sane standard this is an obscure film that should have stayed obscure! <br /><br />By the way it is interesting that Ms. Hayes' son in the film Peter is actually her real life son. The only problem with that is that Peter Lind Hayes is a truly awful actor. He's not handsome enough to be a leading man and he comes off as either dull and uninteresting or downright obnoxious. In particular all the stupid impressions he does are really bad and he has the charisma of the gelatin that you scrape off Spam. Despite this terrible performance he did go on to have a reasonably successful acting career. Who would have believed it if you'd seen him in ZIS BOOM BAH--because here he's about as welcome as the Bubonic Plague!!
critique6823 It's funny... one day before i have seen this movie i had been watching a documentary about Leni Riefenstahl so comparison kind of came automatically... of course there isn't any :)<br /><br /> This movie is weak in every aspect... acting is not convincing (especially the one who plays Simona...) and unnatural... editing in confused and always leaves a taste of unfinished shot music doesn't fit the story doesn't flow it gets boring and the movie comes out much longer as it is... oh and the characters aren't very well shown you actually can't tell much about the girls (except what you see)... The movie also tries to shock with explicit cursing (which is very laughable :)<br /><br />So... 2/10
critique6824 Many have stated that Orca Ã‚Â– Killer Whale is a Jaws rip-off. This is not really true though the enormous commercial success of Jaws undoubtedly made these man .vs. beast stories more attractive propositions for film-makers in the second half of the '70s. Orca Ã‚Â– Killer Whale would be better described as a modern-day retread of Moby Dick. It's a story about obsession. On one hand a whale's obsessive quest to avenge the death of its mate; on the other a bounty hunter's obsessive quest to kill the whale before it can claim any more lives. Sadly Orca- Killer Whale emerges a very disappointing film its fundamentally interesting ideas somewhat ruined by hammy performances and preposterous plotting.<br /><br />Shark hunter Nolan (Richard Harris) encounters a marine-life researcher Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling) diving off the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their meeting almost ends in disaster when Rachel's team are attacked by a Great White Shark but a Killer Whale arrives in the nick of time to stop the shark. After this Nolan becomes increasingly obsessed with capturing a Killer Whale and selling it to an aquarium. But his plans backfire when he accidentally kills a pregnant female of the species while the distraught male looks on. Rachel tells Nolan that a Killer Whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with a strong memory and feelings just like a human. Worse still native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will always remember its grief and do everything it can to have revenge. Nolan initially tries to forget about the whole regrettable incident but the whale causes havoc in the fishing town and the disgruntled locals begin to demand that Nolan puts to sea to track it down and destroy it. Eventually Nolan is forced to pursue the Killer WhaleÃ‚Â… the hunt leads all the way to the desolate ice floes of the Arctic Ocean where man and beast play out their final fatal battle against each other.<br /><br />Two things stand out in this film. One is the haunting score by Ennio Morricone (perhaps the greatest composer of film music of all-time his talents wasted on various tenth-rate clunkers during the 70s and 80s). The other is the amazing widescreen photography of Ted Moore which makes the film consistently pleasing to the eye. In every other department Orca Ã‚Â– Killer Whale is a shoddy film that does nothing to enhance the reputation of its talented cast and crew. Harris appears extremely ill throughout the film his hair bedraggled black rings around his eyes and skin deathly pale. His performance lacks the usual vitality. Rampling strikes a lot of sexy poses but fails to convince with her long-winded and ill-informed explanations about the ways of whales. The rest of the actors are wasted in brief and undeveloped roles the most memorable of which sees Bo Derek getting her leg bitten off by the vengeful whale. The plot is total nonsense from start to finish with such preposterous sequences as the whale deliberately starting a fire in the fishing village that engulfs and destroys the local refinery! Although it's credible to suppose that whales are intelligent creatures with genuine emotions the idea that a whale could plot revenge against a single human adversary and carry it out so calculatedly is utterly absurd. Orca Ã‚Â– Killer Whale is really one for completists of the man .vs. beast cycle from the late 70s. Most will come away from the film shaking their heads in disbelief and grinding their teeth with despair.
critique6825 This could have been a good TV-movie but the flashbacks do not make it easier to understand the movie. As they give the viewer informations on the way (will the movie proceeds) i found myself wondering why she never said or mentioned that in the beginning. Then the whole trail would probably not have been necessary.<br /><br />When the movie ends you understand why she shot and of course she is not guilty. Too bad that the producer/director used the flashbacks this way but on the other had the movie would not have been worth while at all.<br /><br />Nice movie for a rainy day big bag of chips to kill the evening.
critique6826 Director Ron Atkins is certifiably insane. This ultra-low budget film chronicles a few days in the life of one Harry Russo (John Giancaspro who also co-wrote) a nut-job who receives a Rubberneck doll from his bitch girlfriend. He starts to take orders from the doll to take massive amounts of drugs rape and kill not always in that order. What starts off as being a balls-to-the-wall exploitation film well stays like that but it gets VERY repetitive VERY fast. I'm leaning more toward the certifiably insane. It IS hard to forget once seen though. Kinda like if Tom Green ever did a horror film.<br /><br />My Grade:F <br /><br />Eye Candy: Laurie Farwell gets fully nude; Jasmin Putnam shows tits and bush <br /><br />ANTI-eye candy: seeing John completely naked repeatedly
critique6827 Swedish action movies have over the past few years evolved into something that imitate American hardened action movies like "Heat" but with a low budget. This movie follows the same prescription as "Noll Tolerans" and "Livvakterna". However it is obvious that they are trying too hard to make a cool and tough movie.<br /><br />The story has been seen before the dialogue feels artificial and the acting is very poor especially from the main actress. The movie tries to paint a picture of hard-boiled military-like robbers with no remorse at all and a female investigator who has completely lost it with problems of the past but at the same time acts completely rational. It does not succeed very well.<br /><br />The bluish-cast photo style does not seem fresh anymore and it is not even done well in this picture. Only a very few scenes actually look good. Also the sound is quite weird and it sounds like a lot of the actual dialogue is recorded afterward.<br /><br />The main quality of this movie is Stefan Sauk though not making a convincing portrait of a SWAT-team leader has some really funny lines. Also the music is quite well.
critique6828 The only reason i am bothering to comment on this movie is to save you all 97 minutes of your life and maybe your money.<br /><br />I bought it ex-rental for Ã‚Â£3.00 it looked interesting so i took a chance.<br /><br />Within minutes of turning it on i realised i'd made a mistake. The entire cast should be stored away until winter and then thrown on the nearest log fire where they could meet more of their kind.<br /><br />As for the Devin Hamilton (Writer and Director) he should just be shot sadly this should have been done before he made this rubbish.<br /><br />Avoid this film If you see it in the shops run away.<br /><br />1/10
critique6829 It feels like swedish movies are trying to become more american and I just donÃ‚Â´t get it. In this movie the performance of some of the actors is horrible and the script is nothing special. DonÃ‚Â´t waste your time!
critique6830 A man (Goffredo Unger) is found floating in the sea among the wreckage of his destroyed boat just off the Florida Coast. A helicopter winches him up only to reveal both of his legs are missing below the knees. Dr. Stella Dickens (Valentine Monnier) and her partner Dr. Bob Hogan (Lawrence Morgant) are marine biologists of some sort and are conducting research in the sea regarding Dolphins. While out at sea Hogan hears a strange high-pitched noise. Intrigued he and Stella hire Peter (Micheal Sopkiw) and his assistant Sandra (Iris Peynado) to create a device to locate and track the source or something like that anyway as it isn't made particularly clear. Meanwhile a scientist named Florinda (Cinzia De Ponti as Cinthia Stewart) who works at a rival organisation called the 'West Ocean International' is brutally murdered when she threatens to expose someone within the organisation. More people are attacked and Sheriff Gordon (Gianni Garko as John Garko) is on the case. Peter Stella Hogan and Sandra all set out to sea. Soon enough they find evidence that something monstrous and very unfriendly may be lurking beneath the surface. Together with rival scientist Professor Donald West (William Berger) Sheriff Gordon and the United States army they set out to destroy the monster but there are other sinister forces at work as someone doesn't want the genetically engineered creature to be exposed at any cost! Directed by Lamberto Bava as John Old Jr. this is a far cry from the classic Italian horror and splatter films of the 70's and early 80's. The script by Gianfranco Clerici Herve Piccini and Dardando Sacchetti is drearily slow and will put most people to sleep well before the 90 odd minute run time has elapsed. The monster is barely used large portions of this film are made up of footage of boats and helicopters. Large chunks of the first half concentrate on the not so mysterious 'who's behind it' part of the story. There isn't really any gore to speak of a guy with both his legs bitten off and someone with one arm is about it. The special effects on the monster itself are generally poor and it is shown in very quick flashes disappointing. The cast of virtual nobody's don't help make this any easier to sit through. There really isn't much to recommend this film so I won't. Don't bother you can do a lot better.
critique6831 Lil Pimp is the story of a little boy who becomes a pimp. The animation and voice acting were perfect for this type of film.<br /><br />I laughed out loud for the first 20 minutes or so of this movie; mostly at the concept. After that the joke wore thin. As a 15-20 minute animated short Lil Pimp would have been a classic. Instead this movie consists entirely of one joke that lasts far too long.<br /><br />Weathers voiced by Ludicrous does have several crude and funny one-liners. Unfortunately that is all the boy's pet rat is good for as he contributes nothing else to the story. Eventually I grew as bored with his remarks as I did the rest of this movie.<br /><br />I am a big fan of South Park and other animation aimed at adults. I also play several online pimp games so I am partial to stories about pimps. The transition from little boy to lil pimp was brilliant; but after that both the story and dialog became redundant and predictable.<br /><br />I give this movie a five. It is worth watching for the great concept and voice acting. Just do not expect much else or you will be quite disappointed.
critique6832 Well 1st off I haven't seen "Silence of the Lambs" yet.... but I think that I would have become sick if I would have seen it before this piece. Not from the gruesome violence but from the lack of everything else. Anthony Hopkins was very good as Hannibal and I really believed that he was as psychotic as he played himself off to be but from the reaction of the audience around me the film was filled with cliches from "Silence" which left me lost at points where others were laughing at what was on the screen.<br /><br />Now I heard that the movie would be very gruesome and if the director wanted to gross folks out... he did it... but only in 2 sequences? I mean if you want it to be gruesome and I mean so gruesome that you're going to play the film off of that... you need more than 2 sequences.. I always see it as a film has to either become that cinematic jewel which will ultimatley take you to another place and time or either go over the top (which most of the time is done in bad taste). But this film left me sitting in my chair and falling asleep at times. <br /><br />Anthony Hopkins and Julianne Moore are the stars of the movie right? Well with the exception of Hopkins I didn't feel that way.. Who cared about the stupid Italian police officer? I definatley didn't. So really the film is left with a big hole talking about a guy who dies anyway. I mean come on.. who cares?<br /><br />In a nutshell the movie is good if you want to see Lector and Starling once again but if you're going for a really good thriller... you'll jump once and be grossed out maybe twice. Depends on your level.<br /><br />Thinking about how much money this movie will bring in... there will probably be another "Hannibal" made and this movie probably won't be on video until the fall. If you must see it.. wait and save the $3.50 - $4.00 and get it on video. Don't spend the big bucks on this film.
critique6833 Alright lets break it down. Why is this one of the worst films ever? Because there are so many answers to that question I'm having a headache. Come on...Cracker World? Mr. Honkee? The part with the Arab guy? its just awful i didn't really care about the whole white racism crap but when they did that thing with the Arab guy i wanted to get the names of all the writers. Its really not worth watching 3 seconds of this movie. It isn't even funny-bad which was my first interpretation. I hope the person who directed this movie doesn't commit suicide but it seems likely i don't see any other options.Don't EVER watch this movie if you watch it u cant say u died with no regrets.
critique6834 I've been hearing a lot of this new bird flu that has killed dozens of people in South East Asia over the last three years . Apparently it's on the thresh hold of mutating into something very contagious and millions upon millions of people are going to be wiped out in a global pandemic . Just thought I'd mention this in case you haven't got round to writing your will yet .<br /><br />I'd also thought I'd mention it since I was watching something called CARRIERS tonight which wasn't about naval warfare but opens with a scene that's a cross between OUTBREAK and an episode of THE X FILES I saw many years ago . I thought I'd be watching something with added resonance after hearing the stories about the danger posed by bird flu but after the not unimpressive opening CARRIERS descends into a cheap and cheerful TVM and like every other TVM you'll see the lead characters are female  one of which is a ballsy authority figure while the other lead female is a mother of young children . It goes without saying there's a sick child subplot too <br /><br />What is irritating about the TVM format is that it overwhelms the potential of what could have been quite a good film if it was made for cinema . There's a fairly gory scene of someone coughing blood all over a nurses face and a very impressive jay walker getting run down stunt but these bits are quickly forgotten as the mood descends into family sentiment since this - And just about every other TVM ever made - was made for an essentially female audience
critique6835 Yes this is one of THOSE movies so terrible so insipid so trite that you will not be able to stop laughing. I have watched comedies good comedies and laughed less than my wife and I laughed at this movie. The other comments give the idea well enough. The characters are so unpleasant you cheer the rats on the effects are so poorly done you wonder whose elementary school art class was in charge the acting-- oh the acting-- talk about tired dialogue and embarrassing pauses.<br /><br />But the rat yes the big rat. Why we didn't get to see the rat until the end rather surprised me. Often the 'big one' isn't shown until the end because the budget is limited and good effects chew up so much money. I surmise however that in this case the big rat was hidden until the end because the filmmakers were ashamed that the best they had was a guy running around dressed up like a woodchuck with third-world dentistry.<br /><br />The most sublime part of the whole movie is the elevator scene. After figuring out that the rats couldn't stand loud noise (migraines from the bad acting?) the main dude rigs up a fire alarm to send the rats into a frenzy. If you've ever wanting to see a pair of rats waltz while blood squirts out of their heads like a geyser this film is for you. Really you need to rent it and see for yourself.<br /><br />But not for more than 99Ã‚Â¢ OK?
critique6836 This film makes you really appreciate the invention of the fast forward button on your remote control. It's exquisite boredom in beautiful pictures. For once Hamilton goes relatively easy on soft focus shots. However what I found hard to take about the film was that although Anja SchÃƒÂ¼te was about 19 when it was shot the girls are portrayed as much younger than they actually are. This whole Lolita thing especially as there is an older man involved leaves me rather uneasy. The heroine is actually shaved in the pubic area in order to make her look even younger than she is. Come on sex is a nice past time- between consenting adults. Another thing I found odd was that neither Beart nor SchÃƒÂ¼te have a nude scene in the film well not a proper one at least.
critique6837 The Earth is destined to be no more thanks to Father Pergado and a bunch of Nuns. Christopher Lee (who has since said that he was duped in to appearing in this by his producers who told him loads of great actors were involved) is Father Pergado and gets to do his usual serious and scary routine. The cast are not too bad though most have now retired from acting. The film has terrible sound effects (mainly created from pressing keys on an old computer it seems) and it ridiculously pondering at times - showing a scene of the sky for instance for what feels like hours at a time. Despite this the story is pretty humorous in a world-is-doomed sort of way and the production is adequate. Interestingly one scene features Albert Band and wife Jackie; Meda Band; Writer Frank Ray Perilli and Charles Band's assistant Bennah Burton. Despite its plodding nature I genuinely wanted to see how it all worked out and thus quite liked it.
critique6838 Dr Steven Segal saves the world from a deadly virus outbreak. This movie strikes me as foolish earnestness that has morphed into an unintended camp classic (the best kind). Memorable lines include "Knowledge is like a deer. Chase it and it will run away from you" and "Drink this. It will make you feel better." It is so sublimely bad -- they couldn't have made it any worse if they tried.<br /><br />Segal tries to convince you that he is 1. sensitive -- by saving a stricken pony; 2. a good father -- by a saccharine cooking scene for his daughter; 3. a man of science -- by looking at a fake spectrum; 4. in tune with nature -- by using homeopathic remedies; 5. politically correct and multicultural -- by having Indian friends; 6. an iconoclast -- by opening a rural practice after a former life in a national research lab; and 7. an action hero -- by being really fat but yet can still fight. ROTFL.<br /><br />It's good to see on as a late-night Saturday flick with friends preferably (but not necessarily!) inebriated.
critique6839 Written by a woman and directed by another. Whoppie. Are we in for a feminist ride or what. Fasten your seat-belts ladies for we are about to enter a world of mean men and innocent well-intentioned women.<br /><br />In this soaper Trish comes across a guy in the employment agency who behaves looks and dresses like a pimp(!) and gives her a job with the hope of nailing her some time later. In his office he even touches her chin the way a megalomaniacal heavy in a Bond movie would a touch a girl just after he's captured her and just before he is ready to kill her alongside with Bond. Some time later the pimp/employment guy stalks Trish in a ladies' dressing-room harasses her and even comes close to raping her. Oh these evil evil men. They are ALL bad don't you know. You can't even look for a job nowadays without getting raped right ladies? Well we'll show 'em! In this film there is some kind of a divorced women's club or something headed by a Janet Leigh who speaks for all women involved in this film when she says that "men are all s**t". She moans about how terrible men are; she has been divorced five times. Now seriously: any woman who marries twenty times and then uses that statistic as an argument that men are all "bad" must have realized eventually that the explanation might lie elsewhere or? It must occur to her that: a) she is a bad judge of male character or - much more likely - b) SHE is the one impossible to live with - her ex-husbands were probably the victims or if they were indeed a**holes then she probably got what she deserved. (Don't the likes of Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor prove this point? Show me a likable woman who got married this often and I'll show you a way to reach the planet Mars using only roller-skates and a ladder.) Trish eventually meets a computer guy who restores her faith in men - but hold your horses; this guy turns out to be married therefore proving WITHOUT a doubt that men are indeed all "bad". Were it not of course for a kindly old vegetable seller around the corner who loves his wife even though she's still dead - proving that all men are "bad" except for kindly old men whose penises don't work and they "can't get none" anyway so they are forced to abandon a life of a**holocolism and finally give women the respect they deserve. Even the supporting male characters are all "bad"; the black guy in the employment agency is unfriendly and the guy in the mortuary is out-right rude - and insensitive (the bastard *sob*...*sniffle*Ã‚Â…) And what's with this corny corny ending?... Minutes before court-time Trish abandons the claim to any of her husband's money realizing that she is now "free" and that she can finally do that jump into the swimming pool...?? What's all that about?? Her jump into the pool is then - very predictably - frame-frozen as the credits start to role in while life-inspiring I-don't-need-revenge-nor-my-husband's-money music starts kicking in. Her girlfriends are shocked by her abandonment of money claims but they don't stay shocked for long and soon start kidding each other about what a heart-attack Trish's lawyer will get when he hears about this. The shyster lawyer is naturally a man. An evil evil terrible "bad" man whose only interest in this world is money... Ah these men; all they care about is money; they know nothing of the higher values in life - like shopping. I am glad we have movies like this; they bring the sexes closer together but most importantly they teach girls and young women that men are all horny selfish skirt-chasing bastards who will dump you into a world of poverty and misery the first chance they get. So girls open your mouths an stick your tongues into your girlfriend's mouths. Lesbian power!
critique6840 After Matt Dillon's phenomenal performance in CRASH most will probably rush to pick up a copy of FACTOTUM to see if Dillon is for real or simply got a lucky rebound from a great script.<br /><br />Well Factotum certainly has its moments but the plainness of ...everything will most likely turn viewers off. However nothing should be taken away from Dillon. His performance is wonderful and full of excellent deadpan humor proving he's a solid actor with significant chops; it's just a shame about the directing and script.<br /><br />The story is about Henry "Hank" Chinaski (Dillon) and his refusal to conform to anything resembling normalcy. He quits or gets fired from jobs in mere minutes only to find himself back in a dreary pub meeting even drearier women while trying to write a nonconformist novel. We never really know what the novel is about except that it involves "everything" (cancer movies you me).<br /><br />Skipping from workplace to workplace and constantly returning to Jan (Lili Taylor THE HAUNTING) a loser girlfriend who's just as dispiriting as himself Hank tries vainly to discover what his life is supposed to hold for him. Whether he ever learns what that is is up for interpretation. Some may say that he never does while others might argue that his life is simply a path to obscurity.<br /><br />Regardless there's not much substance to Factotum even with Matt Dillon's fine performance. The story meanders through Hank's life without much thought given as to where to take the audience. And that's a shame. Dillon's performance would've shone even brighter if given a decent script.
critique6841 If I wouldn't have had any expectations of this film it might have received a 5 or 6. As it stands I give it a 3. The acting is poor the factual accuracy of the drugs it discusses is lacking and I feel no empathy whatsoever for the characters.<br /><br />I watched 'Adam & Paul' immediately before watching this film and I both laughed and cried on several occasions. This film did not strike even a similar chord. The directors of 'Human Traffic' may have some off-hand experience of ecstasy but there is no demonstration of actual drug-related semantic knowledge here. In fact I find it rather offensive and contraproductive to the strife of making current drug laws less politically oriented.<br /><br />Watch 'Requiem for a Dream' if what you're looking for is an amazing touching film about drugs.
critique6842 I always get frustrated by films that were obviously written by one gender. Especially when they obviously don't do enough research to find out when something not only doesn't ring true but rings blatently false.<br /><br />The scene I am remembering is the one in the bathroom where Jack tells his football teammates that he got Diane pregnant. In no way shape or form would a guy ever cheer another guy getting a girl pregnant in high school. They might cheer about the guy having sex with the hot cheerleader but I can also guarantee that the first the football team heard about it would not be at a urinal.<br /><br />It was obvious that this film didn't take itself so seriously and it wasn't hideously bad but come on!
critique6843 Michael Callan plays a smarmy photographer who seems nonetheless to be regarded as a perfect "catch" by any woman that runs across him; could this have anything to do with the fact that he also co-produced the film? He's a "hero" whom it's very difficult to empathize with so the movie is in trouble right from the start. However it's troubles don't end there. It has the production values of a TV-movie (check out that head made of clay or something near the end) and the ending cheats in a way that I can't reveal in case anyone wants to see the movie (highly unlikely). Let's just say that the killer knows more than we were let to know he knows. (*1/2)
critique6844 The director does not know what to do with a camera... too many options and she always always always picks the wrong one... she let travolta take charge... and he controls the movie from the beginning to the end... the characters are not developed... maybe because we need to watch them singing... no pace at all sometimes too fast sometimes too slow... miscasted: travolta OK... johansson she is too grown up to be a 18... even if she is really 20...<br /><br />the happy ending? well it looks like that there must be one so the story is sad but not too sad... travolta doesn't know how to play a guitar but the director doesn't look she cares too much that he is totally out of synch... <br /><br />the idea is the only thing that is great... but how she developed it? well it is simply full of stereotypes and lines heard too many times...<br /><br />too bad another missed chance...
critique6845 If you make a suspense movie it is kind of important that the "villain" not be more sympathetic than the "victim". And this fails miserably. It was so terrible and frustrating to watch that I was actually moved to register and comment. OK so the husband is rich and cocky. There are worse vices and the cabana boy and wife display plenty. The husband is a jerk because he - um didn't approve of the cabana boy physically assaulting that woman - the witch one which had absolutely nothing to do with the plot BTW. The cabana boy threatens the husband and repeatedly attempts to seduce the wife. He then forces himself on her - which the woman finds so hot she stops thinking rape and starts thinking she wants him. Uh huh. The misogynistic inferiority complex thoughts the director displays are just revolting. It is one thing when a fine film like American Psycho deliberately tries to get us to empathise with the villain but in Survival Island I felt like I was watching a movie about Ted Bundy but the director failed to make him unlikeable and instead made us hate his victims. What was he thinking???
critique6846 A great gangster flick with brilliant performances by well-known actors with great action scenes? Well not this one.<br /><br />It's rather amazing to see such a wide cast of well-known actors that have many good movies in their filmographies in such a movie without doubt this may be one of the worst they could possibly appear in.<br /><br />First of all the plot is as you'd expect it from your average gangster biography nothing new nothing fancy in it. The way it is told makes the movie look a LOT longer than it is (when i thought the two hours should be almost over i was quite surprised that only 45 minutes had passed).<br /><br />The action scenes look a lot like those from 80ies TV series - the A-Team for example. It's just that in the 80ies (esp. with the A-Team) those scenes were far more sophisticated than those in "El Padrino". It's especially fun to see the guys point their guns in the air and still hit something (not to talk about people that take cover behind car doors which later look like they've been shot through).<br /><br />The acting fits quite nicely to the action. Either you get the same reaction to everything that happens (Dolph Lundgren style) or it's so overacted that you may think it's a parody (but unfortunately it's not).<br /><br />My advise is to stay away from this movie any other gangster movie is better than this one.
critique6847 OK forget all the technical inconsisties or the physical impossibilities of the Space Shuttle accidentally being launched by a quirky robot with a heart of gold. Forget the hideous special effects and poorly-constructed one-dimensional characters. Just looking at the premise of the story. The very reason for the film to exist in the first place and you will see just how badly this film was pieced together.<br /><br />I know 9 year olds that look at this insult to the intelligence and just laugh at it. The story is horrible. The acting is comical and the message its trying to show is incomprehensible. And whats worse is that the cable Movie channels KEEP SHOWING IT! Its on twice a day every two or three days! Why does anyone in their right mind think that people would want to see this painful piece of celluloid multiple times much less to see it at all?<br /><br />My recomendation is dont even bother spending the energy to watch this thing. Its just not worth it.
critique6848 I don't really know where to start. The acting in this movie was really terrible I can't remember seeing so many 'actors' in one film that weren't able to act. Not only the acting was bad the characters were incredibly stupid as well.<br /><br />Then there's the action. I believe that even children know that when someone gets shot there's blood involved. But when someone gets shot in Snitch'd for ten (!!) times there's no blood at all. Well I guess that's just me.<br /><br />To make a long story short (because believe me I can go on for hours about this film) this is without a doubt the worst film I ever saw. This film should be number 1 in the bottom 100 without a doubt.
critique6849 Phil the Alien is one of those quirky films where the humour is based around the oddness of everything rather than actual punchlines.<br /><br />At first it was very odd and pretty funny but as the movie progressed I didn't find the jokes or oddness funny anymore.<br /><br />Its a low budget film (thats never a problem in itself) there were some pretty interesting characters but eventually I just lost interest.<br /><br />I imagine this film would appeal to a stoner who is currently partaking.<br /><br />For something similar but better try "Brother from another planet"
critique6850 The Russian space station 'Avna' with a crew of four Russians and two Americans is threatening to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere in a matter of days. Russia asks for NASA's help in rescuing the stranded crew and NASA scrambles the space shuttle Atlantis. The NSA also have an interest in the 'Prometheus' a prototype microwave power source being tested aboard 'Avna' and organise for one of their men to be placed on the mission.<br /><br />That's the plot. Onto less important things. The space station and the shuttle are the same blatantly obvious models used in 'Fallout' 'Memorial Day' and 'Dark Breed' (and a handful of other films I suspect). The model effects are so obvious throughout the entire movie and make the film look very 1960s. The sets are a little better but are far too '80s for what is supposedly a brand new station built by an American company (which later comes in as part of a conspiracy to destroy 'Avna' and the 'Prometheus' and claim the insurance. The script has a few good moments (including Yuri's farewell and the little spiel at the end) but is otherwise fairly bland and sub-standard. The acting is okay; the only real standout performance comes from Alex Veadov who offers up some of the film's better dialogue. Michael Dudikoff is surprisingly one of the best parts about this film. Ice-T is Ice-T. 'Nuff said. The film offers a few surprises though that I don't wish to spoil.<br /><br />Certainly one of the better low-grade contemporary-set sci-fi films of the last six years but not the best. The film is watchable but the special effects and plot will probably put a lot of viewers off. Rent the other 'Stranded' sci-fi film instead.
critique6851 I kept waiting for this film to improve but alack this is the worst kind of escapist movie: a spun-sugar confection that sinks under the weight of its own ponderous self-importance. The pace stumbles on like a legionnaire stranded in the Sahara. The absence of good dialogue leaves the appealing stars with little to do other than look good in white linen. Irons plays yet another moneyed charmer who's had a touch of the sun. Kaas is a pleasing singer but not much of an actress. Luckily the script does not often call on her to emote away from the jazz club microphone. All the enviably relaxed pretty unnecessary characters take turns masticating the scenery with an air of weary sophistication. The whole exercise comes across like an interminably long Ralph Lauren ad. <br /><br />If you're past forty and believe Francophilia is the key to sophistication you may well mistake this piece of cardboard for a baguette. Well if you liked this movie you probably felt smart for appreciating Godard's leaden ÃƒÂ‰loge de l'amour and you may even have sat through Le Divorce without cringing.
critique6852 Legendary Cameron Mitchell turkey about an actor/makeup man who is burned by the head of a studio when a drink is tossed in his face as he is lighting up a cigarette. Reduced to a scarred mess and wearing an eye patch Mitchell works at the Movieland Wax Museum . He also kidnaps and kills people using a solution which paralyzes them so he can turn them into displays. Genuinely bizarre bad movie that defies description. Watch as the various wax figures try not to move watch as the entire tobacco out put for several Southern states is consumedÃ‚Â…watch as things just get weirder and weirder. Its an awful train wreck of a movie and you won't be able to take your eyes off the screen. A classic bad movie that will amaze you even as it leaves permanent scars on your psyche.
critique6853 Get Shorty "Out of Sight" "Jackie Brown" (and even "52 Pick-Up")--folks were finally getting Elmore Leonard right making good movies out of his work. So despite my students' warnings about how bad this movie would be I couldn't resist renting it. I thought How bad can it be? Oy what a mistake especially right on the heels of reading the book which was lame (and too circularly self-referential too) relative to the rest of Elmore Leonard's books. Still the book was better than the movie. Leonard again trumps the weak and unskilled screen-writers who try to take over his book. The dialogue written for Steven Tyler was painful to watch. And the lyrics to the character Linda Moon's first song? My middle-schoolers write with more depth. Sad sad sad. Why even give it a star? Because Harvey Keitel and Uma Thurman are still fun to see on screen and Andre 3000 didn't make a complete fool of himself.
critique6854 When I first watch this series the impression I got was that the characters were charming and funny Lorelai and Rory in particular were witty and intelligent conversationalist albeit a bit too talkative. After watching it for some time however my opinion changed.<br /><br />The main characters slowly revealed themselves to be self-centered self-obsessed narcissists who treated tiny wounds to their pride as the worst insults in their existence. For example Rory wouldn't speak to her mother for months when Lorelai didn't consult her on her impulsive marriage while Lorelai dumped Luke for simply wanting a little time to adjust to his new life circumstances. These people are shallow see themselves as the center of the universe where everyone else should behave exactly according to how their own rigid rules and if they don't they will hold grudges against them for an eternity. They don't want to see other people's problems and treat the smallest slight as the gravest offence. Most of the characters appear to lack the ability to behave in a grown-up way. They think they should do whatever that they wanted and everyone else be damned.<br /><br />The series is character-based so when the main characters became so unlikeable the show also became impossible to watch. I still have the rest of the series but I doubt if I will ever finish watching them. I will also hold anyone who think highly of the show and its awful characters with the greatest suspicion - they must just as horrid as Lorelai et al.
critique6855 This film took up three hours including commercials on the History International Channel last night. But it felt like three weeks. It wasn't the cheap stagy and unintentionally funny depictions of the bombing of Dresden. It wasn't that the film is stripped of almost all context surrounding World War II. It wasn't even that the bombing itself was often made to appear as nothing more than a major inconvenience for a goofy love story. No it was the wooden featureless characterizations that sucked the life out of the story. Oh and the fact that if it is possible for a movie to be obsequious then Dresden is that movie. Perhaps a better title would have been DRESDEN--AS URIAH HEEP WOULD HAVE EXPERIENCED IT.<br /><br />It is especially the latter point that so irritates. Was the bombing of Dresden a war crime? The makers of this movie believe so. But in the typically emasculated way that Germans have come to approach World War II they can't bring themselves to say so without braying about "peace" and "no more wars--anywhere" like they're Mother Teresa. And also typical of German obsequiousness towards the British in particular there is an unwieldy effort to grovel before "Britishness" while loading all the "guilt" for Dresden on to one person Arthur Harris.<br /><br />Did I say one person? Well not quite. At the beginning of the movie there is an exclamation from the leading character Anna with whom we are all supposed to sympathize. "Damned Americans!" she screams while watching as far off bombs fall. And a few minutes later a radio voice intones warnings about the "American Terror Bombing" being inflicted upon Germans.<br /><br />Note the word "terror". Got that? It's really the Americans behind the inhumane targeting of German civilians. No matter that the American strategy for almost all the war in Europe was the "precision" bombing of industrial and war manufacturing sites. No matter that it was the British who enthusiastically adopted "area" bombing of civilian targets in Germany--before the Germans had themselves even targeted English ones. No matter that the Americans bombed during the day suffering more casualties in the process than the British in order to hit precision targets while the British bombed civilians under the cover of night. No matter that the Americans essentially were brought into the RAF's true terror bombing campaign kicking and screaming against it. No matter that most American officials from FDR to Gen. Dolittle opposed targeting civilians while Churchill and his generals couldn't wait to do so.<br /><br />No in DRESDEN both the Germans and British except for "Bomber" Harris are innocent of a doctrine it is intimated created by the evil Americans. And only the might and power of a love story between a German nurse and a downed British bomber pilot can adequately explain the "truth" of the atrocity. Right.<br /><br />Oh by the way for the younger and likely less well read readers of IMDb the first and still so far only major literary effort to give a thoughtful voice to Dresden's bombing was the pacifist novel penned by Kurt Vonnegut--an American POW in Dresden at the time of the bombing. I guess Germany's ZDF couldn't find a pretty nurse for Billy Pilgrim.
critique6856 Jennifer Jason Leigh and Mare Winningham are a good match portraying vastly different siblings but only Winningham is able to bring something convincing or substantial to her role. Leigh playing bar-band singer and alcoholic Sadie Flood constantly leans on older sis Georgia an acclaimed folk singer in the Joni Mitchell mold. Perhaps due to her double duties as co-producer on the film Leigh seems to have boxed herself into a corner: she isn't credible as a singer and even if this is intentional gives herself far too much screen-time at the microphone. Probably hoping for a tour-de-force Leigh is wire-drawn and nervous and jagged; however we simply do not see any talent within this character (Leigh is obviously a solid actress but she makes decisions here that wall us off from her). If Sadie had even the slightest bit of charisma or appeal we might be able to buy into the concept that she gets the (small) breaks that she does. As it is the likelihood of her ever getting up on stage is slim. Director Ulu Grosbard crafts a few intense dramatic sequences and the editing at the finale juxtaposes Sadie's bar performance with Georgia's sold-out arena show--both singing the same song--and it's a sadly nuanced moment...but really what's the point? *1/2 from ****
critique6857 Before we start may I say I hope you've already eaten when you're reading this. Why? Because after I'd seen this film for the first time the bird's look and sound made me want to eat chicken after the words 'The End' had appeared on the screen. So don't say you weren't warned.<br /><br />Fred Sears might have directed "Earth vs. the Flying Saucers" (an okay film and one of the bigger examples for Tim Burton's "Mars Attacks") but "The Giant Claw" is not that giant a film. Yes it's a prehistoric monster that flies in the air attacks planes and cities and occasionally treats itself to a man on a parachute. The beast is giant except in the scenes where it's considerably smaller but who needs consistent proportions in a movie? Scary? It could have been but not if the plot is hopelessly silly and the monster looks like like a puppet that ran away from Sesame Street.
critique6858 I had very high hopes walking into this movie. After all Ocean's 11 was a truly great Hollywood product. Its rapid-fire jokes incredible star power and tight script made it one of the most fun caper films I have ever seen. Of course with all the money it made a sequel was on the way and I for one was excited.<br /><br />Needless to say I was absolutely blown away by this movie. Blown away by how horribly wrong things can go. This movie had everything going for it; the return of the entire original cast the same director news stories of crazy on- and off-set antics. How could it possibly have gone so wrong?<br /><br />It starts immediately with one of the most awkward and unnecessary opening sequences ever and goes downhill from there. After reasonably goofy short scenes between Pitt/Zeta-Jones and Clooney/Roberts the film spends several minutes watching Andy Garcia waltz from scene to scene telling each individual member of Danny Ocean's original eleven that he wants his money back. Believe me when I say that these scenes are only here to pad Andy Garcia's running time because without these ridiculously awkward shots his screen time would be WELL under five minutes.<br /><br />This leads me to another major qualm I had with this film. The pacing is so uneven that characters are dropped completely from the story and only sometimes brought back later. Bernie Mac's character is dropped from the script early on and never comes back except for 2 short scenes with no dialogue. Garcia appears for the first few minutes and returns for an exceptionally brief scene at the end. Roberts shows up for about 5 minutes at the beginning and isn't even mentioned again until there's about 20-25 minutes left. Even Clooney himself spends a large chunk of the film in prison.<br /><br />This would all be excusable if the film was funny. At all. 90% of the jokes fall completely flat and the ones that do work are worth a chuckle at best. The "plot" is undeniably worthless and left me feeling cheated. At one point in the film the team takes on a job worth $2.5 million of the nearly $100 million they need to raise before Garcia's two-week deadline. Several characters even acknowledge how absurd wasting the time to do this job is but they do it anyway! Over 30 minutes of the film revolve around this job that they shouldn't even be doing and one gets the feeling that this part of the plot was simply added to pad the running time. Furthermore the equipment they use to pull this job off CLEARLY cost millions upon millions to fund. Just wait until you see what they do to pull this job and realize it would cost far more than $2.5 million to pull off. Obviously because of this they have to pull off several jobs to make the money. The beauty of the first film was the one big con and how ingeniously and intricately it was pulled off. Here they pull so many jobs in so many different ways that they rush through all of them because to explain them would make the film several hours long.<br /><br />We all know walking into this film that there will be a big twist at the end. Thus is the nature of the caper film. The twist at the end of Ocean's Twelve made me laugh; not because it was funny but because I couldn't believe how cheated I felt. I won't give it away because I know most of you will be foolish enough to throw down the money to see this movie anyway.<br /><br />What I will say is that it makes most of the 2 hours you have sat through already completely irrelevant.<br /><br />I was excited to see this film after absolutely adoring Ocean's 11. I left the theater feeling like I had been the victim of a truly great con pulled by the cast and crew of this movie in tricking me into thinking that this movie would actually be worth watching. I have never given a 1 to a movie on IMDb.com but there's a first time for everything. Consider yourselves warned....1/10
critique6859 From the point of budget 2.5m CAD isn't very much when you look at the animatronics puppetry in this film that alone being the reason for the 9 week shoot. I was really keen to see this film and had hoped to catch it when it came out instead got it on DVD recently. My main problem is it's just not funny at all it's better than Tenacious D which hasn't got a funny bone in it's body. But this was a truly disappointing film.<br /><br />Trevor Matthews is a very strong physically performer but his acting sucks! Rachel Skarsten gives what is possibly one of the most irritating and none funny performances I have ever seen. The only really BIG star in this is David Scott who's artwork for the monsters is fab! His special effects work is the main reason this film is worth watching loved the Cyclops and Troll and and the Prof Monster was straight out of the Henson library.<br /><br />If you watch this it won't be the biggest waste of time but if you are looking to see this for a great Horror Comedy Romp... Don't bother.
critique6860 A group of young adults open a plain of escape for the spirit of Elizabeth Bathory when they recite her poem from a video game supposedly representing a sÃƒÂ©ance. The only one who dies in the game is Miller(Adam Goldberg)who also is found dead the same way he perished in said video game. While the others' characters didn't die in the video game their reciting her poem has instead unleashed the video game into reality with walking CGI characters stalking and killing each of them one by one. They must follow certain methods using a mirror and nails to defeat Bathory and save their skin.<br /><br />If this premise sound stupid that's because it is. The characters are ho-hum rejects from bad WB television shows this time allowed to spout profanity. This flick follows the slasher rules but doesn't show much violence or gore. It stays PG-13 safe with most of the death taking place off-screen. There's a scene where the true hero and heroine are running from video game characters pursuing them. Yes it's that bad. Nothing at all to recommend. Good-looking cast including Sophia Bush as the appropriately named October.
critique6861 A good cast (with one major exception) pushes its way through Epstein's smart light satire. Mansfield was never better or funnier than she is here paired with Walston who's a veteran who's determined to become a congressman to get out of the war. He and his buddies -- including suave con-artist Grant -- head to San Francisco on leave and start the city's swinginest party while conniving to escape the service altogether through industrial speaking tours. The only thing about this movie that's not delightful is Suzy Parker's one-note performance as Grant's love interest which takes up too much of the film's time and slows down the pace in the second half. Walston and Mansfield have good chemistry; the gimmick is that she's set on making love to every serviceman (to do her duty for the war effort of course) but he's a married man who nonetheless loves his wife. They steal the movie with little trouble from Grant (who's amusing here in the first part of the film when not paired with his non-actor co-star.
critique6862 A propaganda film for the Palestinian "cause". If you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict you will need to look elsewhere. If you are an anti-Semite (or merely an anti-Zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country right?) or uncritically in support of Palestinian goals (e.g. mass murder the destruction of Israel) this is the documentary for you. Should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the UK and US. However any informed and intellectually honest person would be outraged at the sheer number of lies presented in this video. I just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation aren't corrupted by this anti-Semitic filth.
critique6863 Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips from "Dead and Breakfast") returns back to the house she grew up in which she recently inherited from her deceased sister unbeknownst to her grandmother (Fay Dunaway) who's still living in it. Jennifer decides to sell it as she's in dire need of the money much to Granny's chagrin. She also begins to have troublesome recurring nightmares of a mysterious raven. There was really no one to relate to in this film. Jennifer seemed cold distant unsentimental and narcissistic whereas the grandmother seemed spiteful sad and also narcissistic. The film is good and well-made but with no one to empathize with I found it hard to care about what happened to them.<br /><br />My Grade: C-
critique6864 This was a dreadful boring movie even for a documentary. At times it did provided insight to life and also had humorous moments but overall it was not worth seeing. Every time I began to feel sympathetic towards Mark and began to hope he would be successful I would become disappointed by his lack of responsibility and drug and alcohol abuse.
critique6865 The reviewer from Poland must be a feminist for she finds "Young Catherine" to be a great film and historically accurate. Nothing could be further from the truth. As a practicing Russian historian for many many years I took exception with YC at almost every turn and in particular the politically correct depiction of her as the boss who single-handed moved Russia into a direction of dominance. The truth? She was only brought to St.Petersburg to be a wife and mother and found she had to "bond" with the dvoriane the boyars and the military just to survive. So long as she did not challenge them she was able/ permitted to indulge her cultural wishes (filling up the Hermitage with art treasures etc.). There are so many proofs that she was not "great" but in this area of post-modern revisionism proof is not very popular. YC is only a costume drama a bit of fluff from Ted Turner that like "Peter the Great" in 1986 is one more example of how badly Russia is portrayed in the West.
critique6866 Wow. They told me it was bad but I had no idea.<br /><br />We've started a tradition. We found one copy of this movie and we just pass it from person to person. Whoever has the movie watches it and then passes it to someone else deemed worthy of seeing this unique creative horrible movie. Hopefully it'll travel 'round the world a few times.<br /><br />It's painful. Really painful. It's even beyond so bad it's funny. Well okay sometimes it's so bad it's funny. But most of the time it just gives you that feeling that there's something sucking at your brain from the inside.<br /><br />Wow. Watch it then pass it.
critique6867 I can't knock this film too terribly because it's obvious midway through the the watching of it that they were trying to make it bad or 'campy' if you prefer. Anyway many of the parts they tried to make funny actually are but often simply for the cheese factor. Watch the 'space invaders' game actually played as real-life! Scratch your head at the bumbling robots...oh the wackyness! And watch the whole thing go way over the top near the end with the 'time warp'! And the sexual innuendoes just keep on flying...I'm actually surprised this got away with a PG. Oh well. A fun way to waste a couple hours but Star Wars/Trek this ain't folks. 3 out of 10.
critique6868 Just ONCE I would like to see Koontz's work given to a decent screenwriter director and producer! JUST ONCE!<br /><br />This is a good attempt by Jean LeClerc and Chris Sarandon and an even better attempt by Victoria Tennant but everything else is pure unadulterated garbage. The screenwriter should be shot for bastardizing Koontz's work this way and the director...please.<br /><br />The story is a well-written story but the screenplay is quite dull unbelievable and horribly executed. The only elements which work are the performances by LeClerc Sarandon and Tennant.<br /><br />On a personal note I really wanted this to work. I adore Koontz's novels but they have never given them the attention backing and talent they deserve. If they put the same money into Koontz's work that they shovel by the barrels-full into King's Koontz would quickly rise above. But alas! Without powerful people who believe in his work I fear he will never get the chance.<br /><br />As an adaptation to the novel this movie was a total suck-fest. As a stand alone movie it wasn't that bad though extremely weak in many places with huge plot holes and terrible stiff unprofessional dialog which never should have made it to the final cut. This movie failed miserably to live up to its potential. Had they followed the original work by Koontz a bit more closely and invested a decent amount of production money this could have been a far better endeavor.<br /><br />However all I can manage to see in this is how good it could have been and wasn't.<br /><br />It rates a 4.3/10 from...<br /><br />the Fiend :.
critique6869 This movie was bad on so many levels. The writing was horrible so even the best actors could not have made this movie watchable. It's a shame because they did have some good actors in this movie. I mean if anyone has seen any of the Police Academy movies you would know that Steve Guttenberg was good. His Character in this movie was very serious which was a big difference from Characters i have seen him play before so that was a plus. And I did think that Steve Guttenberg was extremely hot in this movie. With or without the shirt you can not deny that he has a GREAT body! Sexy face too. Loved the 5 o'clock shadow look it made him look dangerous. At one part in the movie he is lying in bed without his shirt and i have to say I would have gladly jumped in there and tried to take his mind off of his problems! So honestly i would watch this movie again just to fantasize!
critique6870 The name Uwe Boll is automatically linked to bad horror/cult cinema and every new movie he releases Ã‚Â– which is about two three per year Ã‚Â– immediately always receives negative ratings and harsh criticism. You're actually almost tempted to think this is just a contemporary hype. You know like it's popular to hate Uwe Boll whether you liked his movies or not. Let me just assure you that this is NOT the case. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer/director and quite frankly a menace to the entire film-making industry. "Seed" is another most unfortunate of proof that. In here Boll tries so desperately hard to come across as controversial and shocking that he overlooks numerous other elements that any movie essentially needs to exist like a plot a narrative structure character development tension buildingÃ‚Â… "Seed" is a hideous movie full of gratuitous filth and incompetent padding footage. I once read that "Seed" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of the nowadays popular horror trend of Torture Porn flicks but that's not even close. The film inarguably does borrow some influences from "Saw" and "Hostel" but basically it's just another umpteenth dull slasher with an indestructible killer and video game violence. <br /><br />The first 45 minutes of "Seed" are beyond boring and actually just confirm all the obvious things you already knew were going to happen. For you see Boll was stupid enough to begin his film with a (hyper- fast) scrolling text explaining there's a federal US law claiming that death row prisoners have to be set free if three attempts to electrocute them fail. So you know this will happen later on but still the first three quarters are wasted on catching a serial killer and bringing him to the electric chair. Seed is a mute serial killer who supposedly slaughtered 666 victims (exaggerate much?) who wears a bag over his head. He watches real-life animal cruelty footage (and thus WE watch real-life animal cruelty footage; thanks for that Mr. Boll) and videotapes people as the slowly decompose in their cellar (including a crying baby which is really sick and twisted). When he's finally captured during the most amateurish and implausible police manhunt ever filmed and put on death row the film even becomes more retarded. After being buried alive because the electric chair couldn't fry him Max Seed crawls back to the surface and goes on a brand new killing spree; this time mainly focusing on the people who arrested and executed him. <br /><br />The senseless plot twists and complete lack of story depth of this movie go way past being just bad; they're downright infuriating and insulting the intelligence level of the average horror movie fanatic. Multiple twists and sub plot in "Seed" are simply impossible to accept by the reasonable functioning human mind because they're just too dumb! Nobody believes that cops and prison staff members will just bury a mass murderer alive without shooting a few bullets through his head first. Nobody will accept that a fugitive convict cannot be found for another six months even though he went straight back to the exact same hideout place where they first caught him! "Seed" is full of retarded little things like these and the movie gets dumber with each minute that passes. Personally I refuse to accept that the cast & crew members didn't notice this as well. It really makes you think that Uwe Boll simply neglects all advice and criticism and just stubbornly shoots his movies the way he wants to. I imagine his yelling stuff like "shut up and do as you are told" to his actors whenever they remark that the scene they're shooting doesn't make a lick of sense. <br /><br />Just for the fun of upsetting people there's a gigantically overlong sequence where Max Seed smashes an elderly lady to death with a hammer whilst she's tied up to a chair in the middle of her own living room. Instead of shocking as Boll intended it to be this sequence masterfully epitomizes how pathetic and wannabe controversial the whole film in fact is. "Seed" is horrendous it's disgusting it's pitiable it's Ã‚Â… Boll.
critique6871 No. Just NO. That's all that needs to be said.<br /><br />Summary: A random guy is in a cornfield. For some reason I'm not sure but it's his duty to run around inside. The next great thriller?<br /><br />A five year old could make a better movie just filming an anthill or even just grass growing. Seriously.....<br /><br />You can't say it has bad acting because there is NO acting. You can't say it has bad writing because it has NO writing. You can't say it has bad cinematography because there is NO cinematography. You can't say it's a bad movie BECAUSE THERE IS NO MOVIE! If you don't believe me go watch it. Just don't say I never warned you.....
critique6872 Two things are changed from then.First of all i am not a kid anymoreand second most of new Seagal movies are just terrible.This is on my opinion the worst movie ever made with Derailed starred by Jean Claude Van Damme.There is no plot in this moviethe plot is just an excuse to shoot some terrible action scenes which are painful to watch.I love action moviesbut this is not an action movie....This isn't a movie...this is a group of irritating scenes which are connected in annoying way to kill the viewers love for the action movies.I am sorry but i don't have any respect for anyone who liked this movie.He has a serious intelligence problem then.I hope that Seagal will make some new good movies in the future.Good luck for him !
critique6873 I am a youth pastor's wife and we took some youth to see this film. We then spent an hour trying to explain it to them. They didn't get it and I didn't enjoy it. It is based on a concept that has run through all three of the major religions of the world (the Bible Code the Torah Code and the Code in the Koran) and is so questionable as to be laughable. This is not a step forward for Christians in the arts it is a step forward for those who believe we check our brains at the door.
critique6874 a very mediocre film based on a superb series of stories and novels. I hope Somebody someday will be able to film it the right way. In the meantime look for the books (by A. Sapkowski) a very inteligent postmodern fantasy. By now there should be a translation in english there translations in german for sure.
critique6875 How many English 101 student's versions of 1984 must America endure? "Gosh this is a great book but kind of a downer. I know I'll write one just like it where everything works out okay. I'll also replace Orwell's old used up political insights from the thirties with my own insightful informed opinions form the 1970s. Think think political insight... Evil Politicians I'm a genius! And there will be clones that they make of themselves for some diabolical reason... I'll work on that. It'll work." No it won't Bob Sullivan writer of this story. This really is all you're fault. You could have stopped them early and said "Guys with our budget and acting abilities I was thinking moreÃ‚Â… romantic comedy or we could move away form taking ourselves so seriously and make a campy spoof this tired familiar genre of movies." Did you do that though bob? No you didn't and you've had 28 years to think about it. <br /><br />I don't mean to be so spiteful. I'm sorry I yelled at you Bob. You've obviously had to live with this mistake a lot longer then I have. Some blame really should go to Ron Smith who helped you adapt the screenplay. He could have stopped you at any time. You were young and naive and he took advantage of you. Now he wrights the plots for video games and you bob well who knows what you do. I'm sorry if that sounds harsh Bob but that's the way it is. You were sold upriver by the Hollywood hotshots. As if Ron wasn't enough Michael bay also saw your movie and without even asking for rights or anything added some explosions to your concept and turned it into "The Island." That I think is the most disgusting part of all that with a little eye candy your script could of easily been good enough for a major Hollywood production which I'd of hated just as much as this movie and not felt sorry for you at all. <br /><br />I'm sorry things worked this way for you bob. Ron and Michael walked all over you leaving you a withered shell of a man who's height of movie writing greatness will be a joke on Mystery Science Theater 3000. Don't focus on that though Bob because Karma works in mysterious ways and one day they'll pay for what they did to poor little Bob Sullivan.
critique6876 I see a lot of movies. Saw the original wargames years ago and loved it. Computers where still "a big mystery" for the most of us and the movie was convincing in it's own way.<br /><br />This one however looks like a low budget Wednesday night special. Total crap from start to finish.<br /><br />The plot is so weak you won't believe it until you see the movie (which I would not recommend in the first place). I can not point out one actor that actually did a good job in this movie. But hey with that script I would've been surprised if ANYONE could do a good job acting. Lots of clichÃƒÂ© scenes. CGI looks like it's taken out of the '86 version.<br /><br />Bah no I'm getting in a bad mood just writing about this. Do NOT watch this movie.<br /><br />Life's to short to waste it on watching crappy movies.
critique6877 I don't know how to describe this movie. It's definitely one of the weirdest movies I've seen in a long time. It is very unsettling at times but also boring in other places. The scenes of dental torture are very elaborate and may attract anyone who's into gore & splatter. I found myself holding my teeth during some of the aforementioned scenes. The clever thing about the movie is that it plays with our fears and The Dentist is therefore quite unsettling.<br /><br />The humor of the film is somehow hidden and may not be recognized by everyone. But if you're a fan of weird and strange entertainment and teeth getting drilled to dust this is just the film you were looking for.<br /><br />If you read the comment and feel somehow attracted by this kind of entertainment give it a try!<br /><br />My rating: 4/10 (maybe a little too weird for my taste)
critique6878 Two things -- too long and totally lacked credibility. This movie didn't make any sense and was excrutiating to sit through. I am usually pretty patient but man... It just doesn't keep your attention at all! I think I am being nice here even! You keep thinking it's almost over only to find out it's still got another half hour! Good actors.
critique6879 This was the worst movie I have ever seen Billy Zane in. I understand that this movie was mainly to showcase the new comers who did pretty good for newbies but over all the movie was not believable.<br /><br />With all of the gunfire you would think the police would have intervened. Even the coin being a bug on Sean was stupid. The way Sean suddenly realizes the coin is the bug was not realistic.<br /><br />Looks like this movie was slapped together fast. Poor job. Get a better writer.<br /><br />The count down to the end was not in sync with anything. It took longer to fight. And what a coincidence that each time Billy was going to blast Sean he'd be out of bullets. Once I can believe but not twice. <br /><br />Actually Billy's character was goofy. It was so stupid when Sean punches him out at the end. It was like a comedy. Bad! Bad! Bad!
critique6880 This film was abysmal. and not in the good way as some have claimed. First off the main character is a very unattractive gingerman. Second - WTF is going on with this van love. The plot basically is: boy wants sex so buys a van (which in fairness is quite cool). Unbelievably given that he looks like a newt he scores with lots of chicks! And he fails with some. Then he scores with a really hot chick and realises he loves this dowdy bird who played hard to get. Then he drag races with the hot chicks boyfriend. And he tips his van. At which point danny devito saves the day. Although he didn't need to because in tipping the van the ginger kid crossed the line first. I gave this 2 *'s as i'm willing to assume that there's some sort of 70's Vanning subculture i'm not getting and also because there's some 70's boobage too.
critique6881 Disney goes to the well one too many times as anybody who has seen the original LITTLE MERMAID will feel blatantly ripped off. Celebrating the birth of their daughter Melody Ariel and Eric plan on introducing her to King Triton. The celebration is quickly crashed by Ursula 's sister Morgana who plans to use Melody as a defense tool to get the King 's trident. Stopping the attack Ariel and Eric build a wall around the ocean while Melody grows up wondering why she cannot go in there.<br /><br />Awful and terrible is what describes this direct to video sequel. LITTLE MERMAID 2 gives you that feeling everything you watch seemed to have come straight other Disney movies. I guess Disney can only plagiarize itself! Do not tell me that the penguin and walrus does not remind you of another duo from the LION KING!<br /><br />Other disappointing moments include the rematch between Sebastien and Louie the royal chef. They terribly under played it! The climax between Morgana and EVERYONE seemed to be another disappointment.<br /><br />I will not give anything away but in 75 minutes everything seemed incredibly cramped and too much to handle. An embarrassment to Disney LITTLE MERMAID 2 is better left to rent and laugh at. Then you can prepare for the rest of the other sequels Disney is going to drown you in later on.
critique6882 This film is pure 'Hollywood hokum'. It is based upon a novel called 'Not Too Narrow Ã‚Â… Not Too Deep' by Richard Sale which may or may not have been interesting; it would take research to find out! The story in the film takes for granted many incidents and much background which obviously existed in the novel but are nowhere to be seen in the film so either the film was savagely cut or the screenplay was a mess from the start. There is not one millisecond in this film which is remotely realistic either in terms of events or characters. It is pure Hollywood fantasy in every respect. Two well-known actors Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre are so under-used and wasted that there was no point in their being in the film at all. They must have been thrown into the mix in the manner in which one adds a sprinkling of chopped chives to an omelette hoping that the flavour will be enhanced. The film is a ponderous attempt at producing a 'morality tale' and is so corny that it is laughable. The story concerns some hardened criminals imprisoned in French Guiana who want to escape from their French colonial prison through a jungle (very much a Hollywood set jungle with a rubber snake). Naturally there has to be a woman in the story so Joan Crawford hams it up as a down-on-her-luck tramp who for some reason becomes irresistible to Clark Gable one of the escaped criminals. Crawford in escaping through the jungle wears high-heeled shoes and keeps her makeup fresh. Gable flirts and grimaces and makes mawkish expressions crinkling his brow as was his wont smirking and looking suggestively at everybody which was his manner of acting. It is hard to treat such a character as a hardened criminal when he is always trying so hard to be Clark Gable that surely he hasn't any time left to be a thief. (Attention-seekers are by definition too busy to steal and unsuited to a task which requires that people NOT see them.) The whole escapade is so ridiculous that it can only be regarded as light entertainment. An attempt at religiosity and 'depth' is made by injecting into the story a mysterious 'angel of mercy' who voluntarily walks into the prison and pretends to be an inmate. He helps in the escape and accompanies all the criminals and ministers to their various deaths helping them to find 'peace' in their last gasps. This character is played very well by Ian Hunter who retains throughout a convincing air of secret knowledge smiles enigmatically makes cryptic prophetic remarks and has a small spot trained on his face to give him a heavenly glow. The theme is meant to be redemption. You might call it the Donald Duck version of 'Hollywood Goes Moral and Gets Heavy'. For real depth Hitchcock's 'I Confess' of 1953 shows how it should really be done. By contrast this piece of trivial nonsense shows just how bare the cupboards of Meaning were in Tinsel Town and that when they went rummaging for something that might mean something all they could come up with was you guessed it more tinsel.
critique6883 I had the misfortune of seeing this crapulous effort on television a few years ago. Suffice it to say Michael Gross phones in his performance and Hasselhoff is the least convincing thief/psycho...EVER! If you have a couple of hours to kill watch it and prepare to laugh.
critique6884 I had the (mis)fortune to see this film at a showing in the US. Having reluctantly sat through the entire abysmal thing I am shocked to have seen so many good reviews here on IMDB. <br /><br />The original film was a turkey but an interesting one. It fitted into that early seventies post 1969 revolution thing; this film just stinks of.......  well nothing really. It's that bad.<br /><br />Imagine a badly done perfume commercial - see what I mean ?<br /><br />Madonna never could act and has been an embarrassment on the big screen for years. She looks worse and worse with every one of those years increasingly coming to resemble a skinned meerkat.<br /><br />Guy Ritchie who has built his "reputation" on Lock Stock could never direct either - his movies are shallow badly cut fashion shows. He doesn't disappoint here either; he wisely cast his wife as the star of this debacle.<br /><br />Please people take little heed of the good reviews this movie has received from other posters below. They are quite obviously business plants.<br /><br />Don't encourage Ritchie to humiliate himself further by giving him money.<br /><br />
critique6885 Dubbed beyond comprehension the HBO version of Lumumba is a disastrous rendering of what looks like what was once a decent film. Some scenes simply don't make sense in English and the actors bring zero energy to their voice reading. Add in the self-censorship involving CIA operative Frank Carlucci and you have a film stripped of both its drama and its power. Here's hoping the subtitled version gets to American television screens at some point.
critique6886 Despite much style flash and glitter this French musical fails to speak. The tunes are repetitive predictable and tedious. The story is uninteresting as are the many characters. <br /><br />People break into song and dance without motivation or reason. Most of the cast wears phony looking wigs and hairpieces and the sets look hopelessly studio bound.<br /><br />To be honest this video of the restored version was stopped before the end so negative an effect it had on me. Certainly a shame to have such a multi-talented cast in so feeble a final effort. <br /><br />Goes to show I guess where followups (in this case to the great classic "Umbrellas") often do go awry. One cannot recapture only recreate.
critique6887 One-note comedy that probably sets modern day feminists' teeth on edge. Department store clerk Betsy Drake is in love with the idea of babies and marriage pinning her hopes on women's magazines until she spies super-bait in the form of sleek bachelor Cary Grant. The rest of the film plods from one ploy to the next as the relentless Drake pursues her quarry. I guess the word "perky" just about sum's up Drake's approach to the role. She does have a charming smile but after 20 minutes of memorizing her dentures I began to overdose. Grant's role is basically secondary and minus his usual flair. There is one scene however that almost salvages this slender exercise. Drake queries the hapless Grant following his lecture to a roomful of respectable ladies. Here her perky manner has an unforced freshness that is really quite remarkable and had the production not rubbed our noses in that upbeat grin for 90 minutes the film might have amounted to more than a girls' camp day-dream circa 1948.
critique6888 This movie features a pretty decent FX sequence of an earthquake for 1936. The reason you haven't seen it is because audiences in the 30s were enamored of the "Jeanette MacDonald picture;" in which the eponymous star warbled her way through countless songs while plots came to a complete standstill. The FX cross time very well. MacDonald's songs do not and the awkward insertion of said songs to show off her only typical talent is not good. <br /><br />The hoary device of two friends growing up to become a priest and a hoodlum is given another run through the machinery (Manhattan Melodrama The Departed). At the 30 minute mark you've already heard the song 'San Francisco' three times. Entertainment in the thirties is generally an accumulation of irritation. Only Grand Hotel from the decade foregoes annoyance to the degree shown in San Francisco Dinner at 8 Little Caesar Stagecoach All Quiet on the Western Front Les Miserables etc..
critique6889 As the faux-Russian scientist says two-thirds of the way into the movie "I came for the science." This pretty much sums up the reason I watched this movie - anything that involves a half-man half-hammerhead shark definitely deserves a serious empirical investigation on the part of an impartial aspiring scientist. Or as they say in the biz my girlfriend's brother had the remote and the rest is history. To say that the special effects were bad would be a disservice to the field of special effects. This is 2005 it is not that hard to film a car scene without a cheesy bluescreen background. Yeah this was charming and state of the art when Hitchcock was filming "The Birds" but in 2005 it just looks low budget. Spare me the cheap attempt at Sci-Fi and do me the service of actually making an attempt at the willing suspension of disbelief.<br /><br />However having seriously defamed the overall concept of this film let me tell you again that as sad as it may sound this is probably worth your time. If nothing else it is a tour de force of bad Sci-Fi - worth the education for the new movie buff and certainly worthy of a refresher course for those who have seen a few movies in their day.<br /><br />The crazy hunchback mad scientist with a hammerhead transceiver who thinks it is a good idea to spoon canfuls of blood into the nearby water makes me question not only the intelligence of mankind but also the ability of "B" movie writers to come up with remotely plausible plot lines.<br /><br />This film also pretty much fulfills one of my longtime bad movie contentions - bad guys always wear sunglasses.<br /><br />If this weren't 2005 I would be deadset on the fact this film was some sort of insanely poor metaphor for the Cold War. I mean you might as well have Khan on the bridge of a Klingon Bird of Prey inserting leaches into Chekhov's ear.<br /><br />One of the most moving lines of the movie is when the chick without the bra insists that the Charlton Heston lookalike "wait for Tom" as he is trying to lift the escape helicopter off the ground. The thing is Tom is wasting the bad sunglass guys with his never-ending banana clip attached to his Kalashnikov or AK-47 in layman's terms.<br /><br />As the mad scientist says near the end of the film "my goal is to evolve the human species" - suffice it to say that this movie contributed only to a devolution of humankind. The faint Freudian references uttered by the mad scientist as he prepping the female protagonist to be mated with a hammerhead shark are a simple reminder that even in the worst of science fiction we can all find something to laugh about.
critique6890 The movie was disappointing. The book was powerful. The views and the learning of Little Tree were powerfully portrayed in the book. The movie just coasted along and finally dribbled away. Still a nice tale for kids.
critique6891 This is another example of a sucky sequel to a great movie. I highly recommend The Prophecy but this movie was a dud from the start. The acting was decent all the way around but the story line was weak and added nothing to the origional. A 4 out of 10 at best.
critique6892 Spoof films have come so far since Mel Brooks in 'The Producers' (1968) said "Don't be stupid be a smartie. Come and join the nazi party". It brought us delightful films such as 'Young Frankenstein' 'Airplane!' and even 'Naked Gun'. But the good die young. Luckily the genre managed to make it all the way up to the end of the 90's. And then... the Wayan's Brothers unleashed the apocalypse: 'Scary Movie'. Suddenly the word spoof was an innuendo for crude sex jokes. Most movies claiming to be spoofs since then have followed suit including 'Scary Movie 2' 'Date Movie' and the film to kill the genre 'Epic Movie'. Sure there have been some reliefs. There was 'Shaun of the Dead' and 'Hot Fuzz'. Will Ferell has become a vehicle spoofing close to every sport imaginable. Also the Wayans Brothers quit the 'Scary Movies' and they have been made by the dependable Zucker Brothers. While these films have held some value in the rescue the genre is tragically doomed to be films only loved by prepubescent males who just discovered what an erection is. People who haven't explored the term 'spoof' and cut and paste movies together for a quick laugh. No heart no brain just cheap glue. Sadly 'The Comebacks' has been added to the list. Dave Koechner (Who starred in 'Anchorman' alongside Ferrell) leads a teams of underdogs to win against a coach (Carl Weathers of 'Happy Gilmore' fame) who got him back into coaching. Koechner has shown promise as a supporting actor but as a lead in this film he just sounds scripted. He sounds too much like he's doing a cold read passionately. Also the jokes about being a washed up coach who through the course of the movie encourages the team to fail in school and later runs from the police in his underwear have been done before. Yes this is a spoof film. But let us remember that even spoofs can have quality. Give the characters dignity and a sort of sophisticated view on modern society. Also the reliance on stereotypes is not going to get us any more laughs (who knew one movie with jive-talking people could lead to gangster stereotypes (not really but you see)). While I will admit to laugh at least a few times... it wasn't on par. The football team within itself had a lot of stereotypes including a Mexican a cocky jock a fat guy the scrawny nerd and the mentally handicapped aid. Even the only female on the team got reduced to stereotypical female humor being mostly scantily clad and giving off innuendos. In fact her character as well as most of the others never developed. It's a sad state of affairs for this movie. If only it wasn't so reliant on stupid sex jokes it could've made something for itself. In fact this movie will probably be the butt of jokes alongside 'Epic Movie' for time to come. Koechner really deserved better. The script in general was poorly conceived even naming the championship 'The Toilet Bowl'. So yes. spoof movies are dying. There is a movie called 'Meet the Spartans' (be ahead of the trend boycott now!) coming out that includes a spoof on Britney Spears' breakdown. So let those kids keep getting erections... but people grow up and lose them. We need sustenance. One day they will learn to stop spoofing spoofs and restore them. Hopefully one of the heroes will be 'Get Smart' made by the master Mel Brooks coming out next year. <br /><br />Rating: 2 out of 5 (Stars)
critique6893 A Guy Thing tries to capture the feeling of "There's Something About Mary" or "Meet the Parents" but comes off more like it was edited up out of cutting-room rejects of those two films. Thankfully I rented it on a 5-day rental because I couldn't sit and watch more than 20 minutes at a time.<br /><br />The premise is decent and I liked the scenes where other guys automatically cover up for Paul's missteps (the checker at the Save-mart was great) but the script-writing is absolutely horrible. The dialog falls flat most of the time and just when you think that things are finally going to get on track some needless sight-gag is stuck in for no good reason. Plus how many toilet jokes does one movie really need?<br /><br />Don't get me wrong slapstick humor is great when it's smartly done as in the other films I mentioned but this movie simply misses the mark. Too bad as I love Julia Stiles (Ten Things I Hate About You was great) but even that couldn't help me sit through this terrible movie. Save your dollars and go rent "There's Something About Mary" one more time.
critique6894 I've seen a lot of Seagal movies and while most aren't great or even good this steamy pile lowered the bar for bad movies.<br /><br />The plot: not sure really. Something about a drug that makes you all crazy and strong or something. Who are the good guys and bad guys? Hard to tell. Most of the movie is cut scenes going back and forth between people in darkly lit rooms complaining about how good Seagals character "Mashall" is.<br /><br />Acting: Blows.<br /><br />Voice Dubbing  What was with the horrible voice overdubbing?! Could they of found anyone who sounded any less like Seagal? May as well had Cheech or Chong doing the voice overs might of at least been entertaining then.<br /><br />This movie is boring and completely stupid. Avoid it at all costs!!!!
critique6895 All the criticisms of this movie are quite valid! It is pretty boring and filled with all kinds of pointless ridiculous stuff. A couple exchanging nods over their "good grub." A medium shot of a desk as a phone rings until someone finally comes sits down and answers it at a pretty leisurely pace. Quadruple-takes or more when people look at things. Solitary banjo-tuning and playing taking a break for a beer. Telling a joke to a fawn about a big-mouthed frog trying to learn what to feed its babies complete with many big-mouthed expressions (which are needed for the weak punchline). The sharing of cucumber and cream cheese sandwiches on oatmeal bread which to the squeamish become unpalatable when there's talk of people burned in a fire. Lots of seemingly stock-footage close-up shots of animals birds insects and spiders in the woods.<br /><br />The movie starts with a forest fire then at least a couple decades later some people in those same woods get killed by an axe. The killer evidently wasn't too satisfied by the axe he stole and kills other people with other weapons of opportunity or his bare hands.<br /><br />If it's true that the movie in the version available on the out-of-print videotape is cut perhaps if there's a lot of footage that was cut it deserves another look on DVD. Otherwise it's simply not very interesting and would probably try the patience of even the most hardcore outdoors-slasher fan.
critique6896 This movie is essentially a "how-to" on how to be a well-connected pedophile. I'm amazed that so many people-- especially other gay men-- have seen this movie and read the book and no one has brought up the fact that if Weber was not an influential photographer he would be in jail doing time for child abuse. Poor Peter Johnson. Weber took this poor naive (although incredibly handsome) teenager whom he found at a training camp for high school wrestlers in the Midwest brought him to live in his home and took thousands of homoerotic photos of him many of them full-frontal nudes all through Johnson's teenage years. That ain't art. It's child abuse. And what's worse Weber made lots of money off of it and poor Johnson is going to have serious "issues" the rest of his life. Weber's lecherous love of the boy is downright creepy as are his ramblings about famous (and not so famous) people he's known as he tries to complete Johnson's "education." Creepy and then just plain boring. The only redeeming thing I can say about the movie is that it is a fascinating study of self-deception. But I can't help but wonder why no one ever considered the effect this was having on "Chop Suey" (Weber's nickname for Johnson) himself.
critique6897 I went for this movie believing it had good ratings. Firstly it is ridiculous that they're releasing a movie originally made in 2001 seven years later in 2008 here in India. Everything in the movie looks dated. Even for 2001 the movie looks like its been made on a shoe string budget. There is a scene where a taxi hits a man to elaborate how low budget you can get. Anthony Hopkins doesn't seem to know what he is doing in the film. He ends up giving a long monologue towards the end. If the film had bright sparks during that scene I missed it as I was sleeping on my seat. Nothing about Jennifer Love Hewitt resembles a Devil. She wears ill-fitting trite clothes and scowls at random kids. As for Alec Baldwin a scene where he goes to meet Webster for the first time is not to be missed. What a waste of money! As Anthony Hopkins rightly put it "Go back home and write better!"
critique6898 Pretty lame and awful slasher about someone killing the members of a high school track team after their star runner dies during a meet.<br /><br />Christopher George gives a hilariously over-the-top performance as the track team's coach. I don't think ANYONE has ever taken track and field as seriously as Chris does here - not even in the Olympics. It's a typically divine CG performance and if you are a fan of the man/the legend you should run right out and grab a copy.<br /><br />But we watch slashers for the murders (you know it's true) not the performances and Graduation Day fails to deliver on most counts (there is one really good kill). True horror only comes during a performance by the band "Felony". Never heard of 'em? Watch Graduation Day and find out why.
critique6899 The script seems to have been wholesale (ahem ahem cough cough) "borrowed" from a certain other movie involving using a self-propelled manned drilling machine. Scene by scene the two movies were almost identical. Just enough of the serial numbers filed off in this one to prevent a copyright infringement lawsuit.<br /><br />But other than that I have to say I found this somewhat entertaining as I enjoy deep-underground-in-the-earth genre of movies. It's a little bit on the stupid side as far as the science goes but if one is willing to squint one's eyes real hard and pretend one didn't notice that scientific gaffe here and there and all over this movie is almost bearable. Far better than "Supernova" which was another flick that Luke Perry had a leading role in that was so dumb dumb dumb that nothing could save it. A note to movie makers: employ someone who knows something about the subject the movie deals with. It would be a very small part of the movie budget but it would have a big effect overall in helping prevent your audience from guffawing at you for doing dumb science.<br /><br />Production values: almost passable. I've seen far worse in my time.<br /><br />A new thought for disaster movies: instead of them always having a happy ending where the world gets saved yet once again how about some where things are a tad bit more realistic where sometimes even the very best efforts still end up in failure. Particularly when the problem that needs to be resolved was caused in the first place by sheer stupidity. Stupidity-caused disaster movies with glowing heartwarming endings sort of backhandedly justify stupidity by stating "No matter how awful a problem is caused by braindead stupidity it can be fixed." Which is definitely not the case. A self-caused disaster movie with an unhappy ending would serve better as cautionary tale of "Don't be so damn stupid in the first place." Should you watch this movie? If you're bored and you've seen everything else in the scifi section at your local video rental store sure why not. But do avoid "Supernova" as I can assure you that you're not THAT bored. That definitely was not one of Luke Perry's better movies. This one is better. That's not saying much but it is better.<br /><br />One dead hoof up for being a deep-underground genre movie. One dead hoof down for naughtily ripping off from the screenplay of another certain movie of the same genre.
critique6900 I saw this film recently in a film festival. It's the romance of an ex-alcoholic unemployed man who just came out of a big depression and a single middle-aged woman who works in an employment office (INEM). I found the story very simple and full of clichÃƒÂ©s taking the 'social' theme of the movie and turn it in to a romance comedy. The lead actor did a good job he definitely looks like an alcoholic man but Ana Belen is not believable as a working class woman she looks acts and talks very much like a 'high-standing' woman. What I mean is that Ana Belen plays herself. She does it in all her movies anyway. The whole mise-en-scene of the film was very poor. The photography is ugly not using well at all the panoramic aspect ratio. The dialogue sounds totally scripted and dull most of the times. The comic situations are typical from Gomez Pereira but in this case they are not funny at all and are resolved poorly. In my opinion this film is not worth watching. Only if you really love Pereira's previous films you might enjoy this one a little bit. Anyway I walked out of the theater because I felt I was wasting my time. The film-maker was by the door. I wonder what a director feels like when he sees someone walking out of one of his films specially one that is made to please everybody.
critique6901 This must be the most boring film I ever saw. The only positive I can say about it is that thankfully I didn't pay to see it. We were given a free showing in school and everyone in the audience just sat there embarrassed wondering when the fun would start. This piece of junk is a badly filmed way too long film. The actual idea on why making the movie took about 10 seconds to present. The only ones who can be interested in this film are those who lost their jobs and want to know why. They might find some of the interviews interesting. A different edit might have made an interesting documentary of this but I doubt it the interviews shown were not engaging in any way. As it is it is just a tragedy both to behold and to be a part of. AVOID THIS FILM AT ANY COST!
critique6902 It was dumb. Sort of like an Adam Sandler movie. <br /><br />There were a few funny parts but not that funny.<br /><br />I liked some of the actors in it though. <br /><br />There were some Sat. Night Live people in the movie. But I wouldn't recommend this unless there is just nothing else better on. And it was still better than any Jennifer Lopez movie.
critique6903 Firstly this has nothing to do with the much better 18 weapons of Kung Fu starring Gordon Liu. I mention this as my Kung Fu Theater presents DVD has a totally misleading picture on the cover the wrong plot on the back and goes on to mention (no idea why) The Young Hero starring Hwang Jang Lee. Apart from an introduction to the history of the 18 weapons style told by a monk to some children during the opening and the usual mysterious manual that everyone is after the weapons never really appear again and the fights are all boxing style. The hero is Lee Shao Hwa who I have never heard of before or any of the other actors. The film mentions another director Wu Yuen Ling as well as the one IMDb lists. The other actors are Wang Fu Quen Wang Wing San Chen Fei Fei Wang Ki San Suen King Kai and Hwa Yue Suen who seem to have sunk without trace after this film. The fights are reasonable and frequent but not great and the 'star' doesn't have much charisma. The twist at the end is just stupid and the film seems to end abruptly as though they got bored with it. The scenery and the training sequences in the river are a little different from usual. Unfortunately the pretty sister gets drowned not the very irritating (though acrobatic) young boy.
critique6904 Maybe you have to be a former hippie to fully appreciate this because aside from some dated fashions music and dialogue it doesn't really have a thing going for it nowadays.<br /><br />Four fun-loving college art students enjoy carefree days of painting nude models and riding on motorcycles. They take acid in one scene and go to a zoo. A sign flashes on the screen that says "Do Not Feed The Animals" and suddenly they're in a cage laughing and hanging from a chain tire swing (?!) An evil artist (Larry Swanson) tells (in flashback) how his art career was almost ruined because of a crippling hand disease. He sends out zombie henchmen dressed in black to kidnap people then injects them with a serum that distorts their faces. He's trying to create some new form of abstract act (I'm guessing here the details given are a bit fuzzy to put it mildly). Meanwhile Jason (Ross Harris) sets out to save the day after his friend Scotty (Chris Martell) is killed and his girlfriend Janet (Eugenie Wingate) is kidnapped. I thought the zombie make-up in ZOMBIE LAKE was awful but wait until you see it here! It's by Douglas Hobart the star of DEATH CURSE OF TARTU. A small role is played by Brad Grinter the director of the Z-classic BLOOD FREAK which is much much more enjoyable than this deadly dull turkey (aka NIGHTMARE HOUSE).<br /><br />Useless trivia note: The 1984 Regal video release features the wrong cast (for THE BRIDES WORE BLOOD) printed directly on the video label!<br /><br />Score: 1 out of 10
critique6905 All ambiguity about Michael Myers has withered away thanks to this series' chronic habit of arseholing about with its continuity and pulling relatives out of nowhere. This entry introduces the potty angle that he's not just a psycho killer but is actually controlled by runes which appear as a star constellation every Halloween and a cult is using him to... erm well this film is far from coherent and I lost track of the plot after a while. The movie hemorrhages credibility so profusely it doesn't have a drop left by the end. Why does Michael put one victim's clothes in a washing machine? Why does an otherwise empty corridor have a deadly spike sticking out of the wall? Does getting electrocuted really make your head explode? And so on. It's left to Donald Pleasence in his penultimate film role to produce some wonderful little moments from the pile of dreadful dialogue he's given.
critique6906 I cannot see how anyone can say that this was a real good entertaining movie. With a few well known actors I found it hard to believe that this was only made in 2005. It's crap! The acting is tantamount to amateur dramatics poor amateur dramatics. Unless you want to laugh loudly at an amazing 100 minutes of pure corn don't bother to download it or rent it worst that I have seen in years. It's from the bygone days of acting where cowboys are shooting 8 bullets from the six-shooters. The more well known the actor the worse they were Drury was just sad. I was extremely disappointed with Lee Majors has he actually stooped to this sort of garbage? It was bad enough when he played the six million dollar man.
critique6907 Coyote Ugly might have been much more effective if the film-makers had made it an R-rated guilty pleasure/exploitation film (with plenty of nudity.) But since the PG-13 rating is what all the studios are wanting these days we end up with a movie like this: a PG-13 "tease" flick that isn't allowed to go nowhere near as far as the movie should have gone.<br /><br />The script is go generic that it is easy to guess what plot point is going to occur 15 minutes before it actually happens. The acting is adequate but the characters are so paper-thin that nothing could be done with them. There were also a lot of points where it seemed like I was watching a music-video rather than a movie.<br /><br />The film's only assets are the amazingly beautiful female leads. We get to see them in some extremely tight and pretty revealing outfits.....but only so much could be shown due to the PG-13 constraints. There's plenty of cleavage and toned heaving bodies doing some well-choreographed dance numbers but there's no nudity or sex to speak of. Tyra Banks (she keeps getting even more insanely beautiful with age) is also in the movie for a very small amount of time. Sexy newcomer Piper Perabo is also very easy on the eyes (and she has a killer smile) and shows some genuine acting potential.<br /><br />The only people I could see this movie appealing to is pre-pubescent boys who aren't allowed to watch R-rated movies yet. That audience might get a lot out of it from a titillation aspect but adult audiences will feel annoyed and cheated.<br /><br />Rating: the movie-1 the women-10
critique6908 This is a great movie for first time ninjas who are dating. If you're trying to impress some cute little ninjette I would highly recommend playing this masterpiece. Its one of those special movies that allows you to miss large sections of it without interfering with the plot.<br /><br />Also I was wondering where does a Teal ninja hide? Are ninjas color coded like this? Is this normal? If I were attacked by one of these yellow or orange ninjas I would die of laughter before succumbing to his sword.<br /><br />And I finished my black star ninja test the other day it was multiple choice It went pretty good. I found there were a lot of questions on how to "sneak" around and look evil. Its all about the eyebrows and the attitude. <br /><br />Basically the movie could have been better if: 1. There was no color coded ninjas (or the color coded ninjas could combine into a super ninja). 2. Joe died in the first two minutes and Patricia had to avenge him 3. Miscellaneous monkeys were scattered throughout the file 4. Patricia didn't talk and Patricia was replaced with another character 6. The French guy was also a black star ninja 7. Chris Tucker Whoopi Golderg and Chris Rock were added as "comic" relief 8. Ninja strengths came from miticlorians.
critique6909 ... or should I say unintentionally hilarious? Either way this is one of the best comedies I've seen in a long time. I was laughing throughout at the antics of some of the dumbest fictional characters this side of Homer Simpson. It's just one forehead-slapping painfully stupid scene after another as the clownish dim-witted cardboard cutouts substituting for actual humanoid characters push pull and drag the "plot" to its inevitable and obvious conclusion.<br /><br />If I had to describe this movie to someone I'd call it a mutated hybrid of Fatal Attraction Dumb and Dumber and the Three Stooges with a "climax" uncannily similar to the episode of Family Guy in which the whole family gets into a knock-down fistfight in the living room.<br /><br />Advice to Benson family: next time you get a new pet do the poor animal a favor and DON'T name it Fred!
critique6910 Ugly heartless Hollywood crap that expects nothing but ugliness and heartlessness from its audience. The scenes WITHOUT Spacey reveal how truly awful the film really is. But the scenes WITH Spacey are just so entertaining that you hang on in there right to the end. Yes he could play this part in his sleep but he does it so well he's such a joy to watch so believable and marvellously monstrous. Enjoy it for his performance but don't expect anything else from this movie. If you want to see a great film about the evils of modern Hollywood check out Robert Altman's "The Player". This sad little potboiler is not remotely in the same league.
critique6911 I love the first and third Beastmasters but this one was an abomination. It was almost as horrible as 'The Never Ending Story 3' for the same reasons. They took a fascinating fantasy world of Barbarian tribes farming villages witches supernatural creatures and a cult of religious fanatics using a pyramid; and thought it would be funny to mix in our materialistic pop-culture world of rock & roll sushi (I think thats what it was) and flashy sports cars. These two worlds do not belong together. I do not want to see a bunch of ancient barbarian looking people dancing to some rock song on the car radio. I have a sense of humor but this is just stupid. This is what Hollywood does to good fantasy movies when they run out of ideas. Don't give up though the Eye of Braxus is much much better. That one I gave a 10. This one Portal of Time I give a 1. Believe me I don't always give such extremely high or low ratings. I just tend to comment only such movies.
critique6912 OK I didn't have high expectations but this film descending into depths I could not imagine.<br /><br />The plot as it were involved a priest of an obscure 2 member order investigating the death of the founder of the order by a Sin Eater. The Sin Eater allows for Catholics to achive salvation outside the authority of the Church and is yet another immortal in film with loads of ennui. Nevermind that this makes no sense since then a Baptist could give you salvation....we'll move on.<br /><br />I'll layout the plot w/o giving much away: the priest goes to Rome with his buddy to investogate. He brings with him a mental patient (I'm not making this up) who shot him during an excorism and who loves him (not one lick of this BTW is explained) a drunk Irish priest and Peter Weller as a Cardinal. They get to Rome find some creepy kids who do nothing in the film meet with a bondage gear S&M anti-pope that the drunk Irish guy knows (not explained) and who gives information by killing people (oh BTW he's a bad guy so he has an industrial/techno soundtrack) and then...umm seriously I'm not sure. the plot meanders about. Heath chills with the Sin Eater flies to New York with the Sin Eater for an overnighter and then some other stuff happens and then (all off camera) the anti-pope falls and the film ends.<br /><br />About 1 hour into the film one really wonder if anything has happened. By the end something has happened but you can't be at all certain that it matters and since most of the drama takes place either before the movei or off-scren you're really feeling cheated.
critique6913 This movie is about Tyrannus a gladiator who is brought back from the dead to summon Tyrannus a gladiator who must be brought back from the dead. Tyrannus we learn after about an hour is also called Demonicus. This adds much needed depth to the screenplay and calls into question our assumptions about identity psychology and ourselves. <br /><br />The spirit of Tyrannus accomplishes his little to-do list (killing some people and saying repetitive phrases in Latin) by possessing the body of a college guy. He uses a magic mind-control helmet to do this which the college boy willingly puts on his head and then at several points in the movie takes off and puts back on.<br /><br />Maria performs oral sex on a poor man's Sean Willian Scott and Tyrannus wears the Rollerball glove. Tyrannus has his own green backlighting for no reason and has apparently been sitting next to CG fire in an ancient concrete tunnel for centuries like this. Utter misfortune.<br /><br />This movie is empty and will hurt you. See it.
critique6914 I'd never heard of this film before I caught it on the telly last night. I do hope it was never given a cinema release as this would be an insult to the silver screen and movie-goers alike.<br /><br />Was it supposed to be serious was it supposed to be funny? Why the outrageously basic plot? Does anyone actually care?...<br /><br />Awful film.<br /><br />2/10
critique6915 (A possible minor spoiler) The first "Jurassic Park" was an effective but silly film that did it's job and was actually pretty good. The sequel "The Lost World" had a few decent moments but those were ruined by the lame end portion of the film which had a T-Rex running amok in San Diego. Now in "Jurassic Park III" what little story there was in the first one and the sequel has been thrown out the window and replaced by a mere 90 minutes of basically non-stop action which would have worked had the film not been so poorly done.<br /><br />Sam Neill is back as Dr. Grant who is given a proposition by a couple (William H. Macy & Tea Leoni) to come with them to an island to help them find their son who's been lost for over 2 months. But of course this island just happens to be populated by dinosaurs and of course the plane the are on just happens to crash leaving them stranded with a bunch of dinos after them.<br /><br />This one was obviously intended as a thrill ride with no real story whatsoever but even on that level the movie doesn't deliver. Director Joe Johnston ("Jumanji") somehow managed to take what little magic was left in the "Jurassic" movies and squeeze the life right out of it.<br /><br /> The dinos look okay though by now they're just standard fair and not very scary. The bottom line is it's not a very good film even as a thrill ride. * out of 4 stars.
critique6916 This was the WORST movie I have ever seen! Molly (molly hall) could not act AT ALL! she had no emotion it was all blah blah blah like she was reading out of a boring text book. The smart kid and the kid who loves food (there names weren't worth remembering) were so annoying it drove me crazy.When ever the talked it was about some scientific thing or food. Mollys Dad didn't show enough emotion about his daughter missing. The police officer and Mollys dad said the same thing like four times. it was just horrible. Everything was repeated way to much. Beatrice should have had something bad happen to her for being so mean. I just wasted a moment in my life by watching this movie!
critique6917 This has to be one of the top overrated anime shows ever made. And yes I was even shown the "End of Evangelion" and that still made me hate it even more. Not to mention the countless rip-offs of this show!<br /><br />I don't mind psychological and philosophy untertones but Evangelion drags it out into the mud like nothing else! Not many of the characters seemed to be very interesting. The only ones that seemed to be interesting were Asuka Misato and Pen-Pen. Other than that mostly everyone else were a bunch of whiny crybaby losers. They need to go to a psyciatric center not piloting giant robots against aliens called "Angels".<br /><br />Even the mecha and alien fights did not help at all. Goes something like this:<br /><br />"Well there are these robots and they are really cool because they bleed(!) when they get hurt but they are not really mecha but captured angels so sometimes they go insane and don't do what the underaged pilots want and they have to be controlled better...blah blah blah!"<br /><br />I am so sorry but I just cannot recommend Evangelion to anyone anime otakus or not. To those who love this series greatly fine you're entitled to that opinion I respect you. But to thoses that have a "out of your mind" obsession to think that every one will like this series you are more of an egotist.<br /><br />I prefer "Macross" "Mospeada" "Run-Dim" and "Robot Taekwon V" myself.
critique6918 Everything everyone has said already pretty much rings true when it comes to 'The Prey'. Endless nature footage bad acting - Aside from these elements this is a watchable film for slasher fans that in some cases is considered a cult classic.<br /><br />Jackson Bostwick and Jackie Coogan play pretty well off each other. There's also a three minute banjo solo that shows off Bostwick's skill behind the instrument. Not too bad if I do say so myself.<br /><br />The last ten minutes of the 'film' are its saving grace. The ending still haunts me to this day. This can also sport a short lived plus in that an early John Carl Bucheler does the special effects. Some may know him from films like 'Troll' and 'Friday the 13th part 7 - He directed both these films) All in all this isn't a movie everyone will find something redeeming in. In fact on a Hollywood level this can rank right up there with one of the businesses most amateurish efforts but for that handful (yet very loyal) of slasher movie fans in the world even the bad acting and atrocious nature footage can be forgiven.
critique6919 As the film begins a narrator warns us THE SCREAMING SKULL is so terrifying you might die of fright--and if such happens a free burial is guaranteed. Well I don't think any one has died of fright from seeing this film but a few may have died of boredom. THE SCREAMING SKULL is the sort of movie that makes Ed Wood look good.<br /><br />Very loosely based on the famous Francis Marion Crawford story SKULL is about a wealthy but nervous woman who marries a sinister man whose first wife died under mysterious circumstances. Once installed in his home she is tormented by a half-wit gardener a badly executed portrait peacocks and ultimately a skull that rolls around the room and causes her to scream a lot. And to her credit actress Peggy Webber screams rather well.<br /><br />Unfortunately her ability to do so is the high point of the film. The plot is pretty transparent to say the least and while the cast is actually okay the script is dreadful and the movie so uninspired you'll be ready to run screaming yourself. True the thing only runs about sixty-eight minutes but it all feels a lot longer. Add to this a truly terrible print quality and there you are.<br /><br />There are films that are so bad they are fun to watch. It is true that THE SCREAMING SKULL has a few howlers--but the film drags so much I couldn't work up more than an occasional giggle and by the time the whole thing is over your head will roll from ennui. If it weren't for Peggy Webber's way with a scream this would be the surefire cure for insomnia. Give it a miss.<br /><br />GFT Amazon Reviewer
critique6920 This movie's basic premise is that everyone in the world can know that a person is gay except for that person. And that a man who likes show tunes has good taste and is neat in appearance MUST be a homosexual. Yes the movie is funny in parts but the basic premise is to homophobic and insulting that the entire movie crumbles into something that is quite painful to sit through. The performances particularly Joan Cusak and Kevin Kline are very good.
critique6921 I am a huge Charlton Heston fan. He is without a doubt one of the greatest actors of all time but what was he thinking when he made this movie. Normally if he made a bad movie I could blame it on the screenwriter or director but in this case it's all him. The suckiness of this movie is all his fault. It proves that not even Heston can make a Shakespeare story interesting. I wasted 2 and a half hours of my life on this snooze fest and I'll never get that time back. This is by far THE WORST Heston movie that I've ever seen. If you are a Shakespeare fan maybe you'll find this movie entertaining but if you're not don't waste your time you'll regret it in the long run.
critique6922 Well this movie wasn't as horrible as I thought it would be. I was expecting to give it one star. I chose to give it three. Why? Well for a cheesy horror/sci-fi movie it's not all that bad. Sure the characters are tacky (as is their acting - including a young Leonardo DiCaprio) the effects cheap looking and the monsters...well let's just say that I've seen some more effective Halloween costumes in Elementary Schools... But there was something about this movie that made me watch it till the end. A little bit of humor helped out a bit I guess. And if you ever wanted to see an alien pass gas this movie will let you live your dream. 3/10
critique6923 The bad out takes from "Reign of Fire" strung together without any real story.<br /><br />Dean Cain tries to be a real actor and fails again.<br /><br />In the end the dragons quit in disgust.<br /><br />BARF!
critique6924 This film proves a theory I have had for quite some time - in Australia as long as a film deals with the right topic it will be a success regardless of how terrible it is. Aussie Park Boyz could not possibly be any worse - the acting is beyond terrible the plot is basically a poor Warriors knock-off and the filmmakers clearly have no idea about ethnic gangs in Australia (an Irish gang in twenty-first century Sydney! The last time any Irish gangs were in Australia was about a hundred years ago in the time of the tinkers!) But because it's about ethnic rivalry one of four topics guaranteed to be a success in Australian cinema (along with struggling families minority groups and the biography of a famous Australian) it won multiple academy awards. I've always suspected that Australian critics will lap up any rubbish that deals with these issues but part of me thought or at least hoped that they had their limits. This film proves otherwise. So to all you Australian aspiring film-makers out there don't bother putting thought into your film or choosing people who can actually act or even getting your facts right - just write a script about some poor family trying to make ends meet or someone of a foreign race coming to Australia and having to deal with racial prejudice and stereotypes or if you want to take a leaf out of these people's book some ethnic gang fighting some other ethnic gang that isn't actually plausible in the period the film is set and your film will win five academy awards regardless of how pathetic it is!
critique6925 College student Alex Gardner (Nicholas Celozzi) is plagued by nightmares of a cellar-dwelling ghoul at Alcatraz. He dreams of cutting off his own hand spitting up a worm a ghoul ripping open his chest and being roasted over an open fire. After his friends see him levitating "6 feet" over his bed a helpful occult-obsessed teacher (Donna Denton) suggests that they sneak into Alcatraz to face his fears. Of course they go in the middle of the night when no one is around to help when things get out of hand!<br /><br />The group become stranded Alex's brother Richard (Tom Reilly) becomes possessed and starts killing everyone. Toni Basil of "Mickey" fame shows up as the helpful ghost of Sammy Mitchell lead singer of the group "Bodybag". She teaches Alex how to levitate out of his body and does a rock music dance intercut with repeat nightmare footage to pad out the running time. All of the victims show up as wisecracking ghosts a la the Griffin Dunne character in AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON. The script is full of plot holes cheesy dialogue and lame attempts at comedy. Good FX work and cool opening credits (both by Ernest D. Farino) are the only things gaining any merit. Basil and Devo ("Whip It") do some songs on the soundtrack.<br /><br />Score: 2 out of 10
critique6926 <br /><br />I would highly recommend seeing this movie. After viewing it you will be able to walk out of every other bad movie EVER saying "at least it wasn't The Omega Code."<br /><br />Forget my money I want my TIME back!
critique6927 ...about this film was the title song. After 30 minutes I discontinued watching because it was so lame. Bad story bad actors bad movie. If you want to watch a good movie watch Pulp Fiction instead.
critique6928 For a while it seemed like this show was on 24/7. Then apparently there was a second season or some other kind of continuation of this horrible show about the two most vapid and conceited people who have ever been filmed. All the other comments have captured the essence of these two selfish haggish airheads perfectly. Not much less can be said about them besides what everyone else has said.<br /><br />I doubt these two ladies have souls and more than likely they made some kind of Faustian Bargain in order to get their lizardly snouts on a television series. May the fates protect the human race from any more exposure to the Ghastly Girls!
critique6929 This whole film should have lasted 45 minutes - maximum. Although an interesting concept/theme it really did not develop as a story. Once the initial idea of a brave (stupid?) bomb disposal expert (cowboy?) are introduced and this happens very early in the film the rest is repetitious. Characters were not explored and aspects of the location and politics were ignored. There was some nice insight into the appalling difficulties faced by troops in such a foreign environment and the difficulties in differentiating between friend and foe. But the way in which the unit operated stretched belief! Individual performances were good and special effects were adequate but not enough to overcome the basic lack of content.
critique6930 Republic pictures comes late in the game to the "werewolf" er Werecat genre. The plot has a writer returning to Paris after a long trip abroad during which he developed jungle fear during which he had blackouts. He is arriving to great acclaim as his novel that parallels an infamous trial is a best seller. The French government wants to know if he had access to secret documents something that seems more likely when an official is killed by a "catman". Suspicion really falls on the writer when his fiancÃƒÂ© ends up dead. Complicating matters is the return of the blackouts so the writer doesn't know if he's the killer or not.<br /><br />Okay thriller is much too leisurely to be fully enjoyed. There are too many musical numbers early on and too much dead time when things are all talk in the middle and later sections. The acting is fine and the sets quite good but there is a reason why most people I know only remember the top hatted killer he's the most interesting thing in this film. despite its short running time (just over an hour) I think the reason that this film was rarely seen on TV was that after 20 minutes you begin to lose patience with it. As good as the talk is I just wished someone would do something. When it finally did happen in the closing minutes it was too little too late..<br /><br />Take a pass.
critique6931 If you're a fan of Mystery Science Theater 3K Attack of the Giant Leeches or Pinata Survival Island this movie might be for you.<br /><br />I live in Nashville and I didn't even know of this movie's existence until the day prior to its release when the advertising company panicked and blanketed Music Row with dozens of fliers and billboards. It barely lasted two weeks in theaters anyway.<br /><br />Bad acting bad writing and poor production only begin to describe this embarrassment of a film. For starters the names are a bit much: Bo Price Angel and Dixie? Eesh.<br /><br />Toby's awkwardly slow delivery of lines makes one wonder what production assistant got stuck holding the cue cards off camera. Angel's character rapidly transitions from her city-slicker ways to a cowgirl slipping into southern slang after two days on the ranch. Her wardrobe goes from chic to a female version of Toby's--in fact in the final scene their outfits are identical making one wonder if the wardrobe assistant called in sick.<br /><br />The audio is inconsistent - perhaps the most noticeable example is when Toby decides to go for a swim and his voice suddenly sounds like he's shouting in a gymnasium.<br /><br />There's never quite enough explanation or character development to suffice what happens on-screen. Overacting exasperation grimaces and moodiness best describes the actors' interpretation and direction of the terrible script.<br /><br />This movie is best enjoyed after consuming a couple of alcoholic beverages and in the company of your wittiest friends. But that's not saying much.
critique6932 I watched this film when I was a kid and I thought it was terrible then. Now that I'm older I found it just as terrible. Universal could have done better than this. They merely decided to make the most money they could out of using all their monsters at once. To me that was a cheap shot. These characters were capable of holding their own in their own movies and the choice of actors was deplorable. Dracula needed to be Bela Lugosi Frankenstein's monster needed to be Karloff.<br /><br />In my mind it was the Disney squalid sequel sequence done decades ago and it was not appreciated. Umiversal started out with something great and original and then thought they could pander to the masses with the schlock which is extremely evident in this film.
critique6933 Poor performances by Sinatra Martin and Hyer. Grossly underdeveloped supporting characters. Annoying talky with no real plot. Ending leaves you flatter than a pancake with more loose ends than you could tie up in four sequels (that is if you even cared about these wooden characters). MacLaine is the only real asset. That penultimate sequence in which the "Chicago hood" searches for the Sinatra character is laughable. The music in that sequence also is poor. And in the final scene when Martin's character removes his hat for the woman he called a "pig" almost made me go outside and find a stone to throw through my television screen.
critique6934 What can I say about THE PLEASURE PLANET that I haven`t said about umpteen other tedious soft core porn films ? Very little . It`s just another movie with a very weak plot used to set up very unconvincing set scenes between male non actors who spend too much time in the gym and bimbos who have obviously had silicon implants . Actually the sex scenes in this movie are somewhat less convincing than you usually see in this type of film as the cast members grind their hips together giving pained expressions like they`ve got constipation or something . No wonder a lot of people claim sex is over rated  they`ve probably watched too many of these films on late night cable stations
critique6935 I have just lost three hours of my life to this travesty and I can honestly say I feel violated. I had read the reviews and heard the warnings and I thought I was prepared for anything - at best I thought a faithful (if misguided) attempt at an original adaptation; at worst a so-good-it's-bad "Plan 9" for the new millennium. So when I managed to pick up a copy in Walmart while in Florida and brought it back to the UK I joked to my friends "Prepare for the worst movie ever made!" Oh cruel Karma. There is absolutely NOTHING to recommend this film. The "special" effects look like the work of a first year design student using a Spectrum ZX81. The acting is terrible the accents are WORSE than terrible (one artillery mans' accent seems to take us on a tour of the British Isles from Scotland to Wales via Northern Ireland) the dialogue is stilted the editing is non-existent the production values prove that no expense has been gone to. Words really cannot describe how bad this movie is; from the Union Flag flying from the horribly CGI'd Thunderchild (the Royal Navy flies the White Ensign NOT the Union flag) to the woodworm ridden acting this is quite simply a crime against film making. When you consider some of the literally-zero-budget fan films that are available on the 'net (the Star Wars short "Troops" for example) the whole "we're enthusiastic amateurs" argument goes right out of the window. And if you believe an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website this film had an 8 figure budget! I can only assume that dodgy facial hair does not come cheap in the US. Maybe the problem is that Hines & co tried to make a film of the book rather than turn the book into a film (if that makes any sense). Characters and extras spout chunks of text verbatim without trying to convey the feelings behind the words. Ironically enough the ONLY person who even came close to giving a decent performance was Darlene Sellers the ex-soft porn actress. My advice? Pray like crazy that Jeff Wayne doesn't screw up and go watch the Spielberg version. It may not be true to the text of the book but I can say this; As a lifelong HG Wells fan (and Englishman as well) Speilbergs film IS true to the Spirit of the book. Maybe customs were wrong to let me carry this monster into the country but I will say this: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life and I want them back.
critique6936 I just saw the movie in theater. The movie has very few good points to talk about. Kareena's beauty and a couple of songs may be. Thats it. The movie is a complete disappointment in all areas. Anyone associated with the movie will be disappointed even Mumbai Indians too (just now Chennai has made it to semi-final). <br /><br />But the worst I feel about the movie is the action scenes. Now days Bollywood is trying to copy action scenes from Hollywood. But they forget that Hollywood directors takes a lot effect to make it look like real. But unfortunately Bollywood directors do not have that much of time. They spend their time on songs and publicity of the movie. Now such too stupid action scenes may work in South as the audience just pay to watch their favorite actor killing bunch of people. But in Bollywood this is certainly not going to work. All the action scenes I wish I could have forwarded. At the end even some Chinese people appear from nowhere to beat Akshay Kumar. This is height of stupidity. Audience is not paying to watch such stupidity. I think Bollywood now should forget about the action movies. They cant make it. The last good action I have seen was from "Ghatak" and "Khiladiyon ka Khialdi". The current scene in Bollywood is really sad for action movie fans like me. Does these people see their movie after completion? Can't they figure out that the slow motion action (which is done using ropes) is too unrealistic and childish? Better not to have action scenes if you cant handle it. I just want to go back to Amitabh's era where movie like Zanjeer and Deewar were having thrilling action scenes. The sound effect was not very effective in those days but visually it is much better than current era scenes. <br /><br />This movie now should open the eyes of the Bollywood movie directors. Please don't make any more action movies until you acquire the art of making it realistic.
critique6937 If it wasn't for the very attractive Jennifer Jostyn in the lead role I would have turned "Milo" off after the first 30 minutes. However as easy on the eyes as she is she's not enough to save this film not by a long shot.<br /><br />Milo starts off with a group of young girls accompanying an "assumed young boy" in a yellow slicker to a house in the woods where he shows them embryos in jars. Apparently the deal was that if he showed them the jars ol' Milo gets to conduct a gynecologist exam on each in return. One of the group volunteers to be Milo's "first patient" and he leads her behind closed doors. Moments later blood flows from under the door and we are whisked into present day. Enter the lovely Jostyn who plays one of the girls all grown up in present day. A substitute teacher with shallow confidence whose closest friend appears to be a goldfish she receives an invitation to return home for a friend's wedding. Yep! You guessed it. Return to Miloville. Milo who allegedly drowned years ago seems to be having a dilemma staying dead and begins terrorizing and murdering the girls he failed to "examine" all those years ago.<br /><br />Milo the character reminded me of one of the mutants from Cronenberg's "The Brood." He could have been scary but just how scary can a villain be who wears a yellow raincoat? The plot confuses even itself and the conclusion left me wanting my 90 minutes back. I'm sending Milo an inept slasher film to stand in the corner!
critique6938 If you are in to bad movies for the entertainment of witnessing bad movies bad acting bad production etc..aka Mystery Science Theater 3000 quality....you will love Pacific Inferno. Jim Brown will be forever remembered as one of the greatest football players to ever play the game...as an actor he will forever be remembered as one of the greatest football players to ever play the game... I am not sure who Rolf Bayer was...but I am hoping he was 15 or 16 years old when he directed this perhaps he may have been the next Spielberg in the making...because if he was a grown man directing this...a 15 or 16 year old could have done better.... The basis or plot for the movie probably had some historical merit and maybe even truthfully accurate...but the actual film may be one of worst movies made in American film history...I kept waiting for Lee Marvin William Holden or Charles Bronson to pop in to somehow save whatever "face" was left of this film. I would have loved to have been at the red carpet black tie gala for the Hollywood opening when this movie previewed...as this movie had to have many a viewer laughing and cringing under their breath... it is on the dime DVD racks now....look for it for entertainment value...this movie is so bad it is too good to pass up...
critique6939 This tiresome plodding Las Vegas casino heist movie in almost impossible to watch and get involved in. It's something you 'look at' if you have absolutely nothing else better to do. The only two decent things in this movie are both attached to gorgeous Stella Stevens and one spends the entire program hoping she'll fall out of one of those skimpy tops she wears. Many great shots of mid-70s Las Vegas (when it was still a cool place to visit) and the fashions of the day are good for a giggle as well. Otherwise one big yawn. The Rhino dvd has a very good widescreen transfer but even at under 10 bucks it still ain't worth it in my humble opinion.
critique6940 San Franpyscho: 1 out of 10: So you want to make a serial killer movie. But your budget is non-existent your camera equipment is elderly and your stars are Joe Estevez (Martin Sheen's younger brother and a staple in really bad movies) and Todd Bridges from Different Strokes. There are probably ways to pull of at least a watchable film. The Quiroz brothers have no clue.<br /><br />First of all much of the cast seems to have been chosen in a desperate attempt to make Bridges and Estevez look like Oscar caliber thespians. Really how hard is it to play a priest or an overbearing mother? Certainly a city the size of San Francisco has a few professional actors willing to work for a few bucks and a screen credit. Clearly Chris Angelo and Bonnie Steiger who play these roles have other talents such as landscaper or waitress they ought to be fine tuning.<br /><br />Joe Rosete as the killer (yes the serial killer is simply known as "The Killer") is also pretty awful in a mentally ill method kind of way but I am almost willing to give him the benefit of the doubt as his character is written with zero style or personality. A boring almost laughable serial killer is a problem for a serial killer movie.<br /><br />In addition the Quiroz brothers seem to have originally planned this as an ABC Family movie of the week. There is no nudity or violence to speak of and the R rating clearly is for the adult style pacing. This move meanders like an 85 year old woman driving with wraparound sunglasses and her turn signal on. The only occasional horror comes from lighting Estevez's face with a glare that makes it look like his lower jaw was removed.<br /><br />I wasn't expecting a great film when I rented San Franpyscho but I wasn't expecting mind numbing boredom either.
critique6941 First of all the genre of this movie isn't comedy it's more of a drama.<br /><br />I had low expectations on the movie and still they didn't come up them. As some of the other reviews point out there are some nice music in the movie. But if you want to listen to good music I suggest spend the time looking at some concert recording with Bon Jovi or MÃƒÂ¶tley Crue it'll be more quality time.<br /><br />Last if you want to watch a GOOD movie in this rock'n'roll genre I recommend "Almost Famous".
critique6942 This digital horror film brings us into the Micro-budget film genre where the more blood and chicks in distress the better. The story is weak the acting is respectable and the special effects well they're special alright. A quality horror film for the fans that already know what to expect.
critique6943 First off I have no idea how this movie made it to the big screen. Its not even the low budget SCI-Fi channel movie its just awful. Me and my friend who love action movies Independence day Jurassic Park LotR etc. went to see this movie expecting this movie to me a Transformers with dragons mindless entertainment. All we got was a mindless hour and a half. The CG was not as bad as I was expecting but the plot is so awful along with the acting it made up for it. Its basically a Chinese legged of dragons returning every 500 years...Sounds like a good remake of Rain of Fire? No The plot tries to be deeper than it should be leaving not only plot holes but with magic and a very small actual war between dragons(rather big snakes) it just gets ridiculous. The director attempted to add a bit of humor in the movie which fail. Me and my friend laughed through the whole thing(along with all 5 of the audience) and cant believed we spent money on this. The short trailer on TV makes up for most of the action while crap makes up the rest. I've seen a lot of B movies like Reptilian The Cave Spider and others but i have to say if you want a non stop laugh for an hour watch this.<br /><br />Story: 1/10 CG: 5/10 Acting:3/10<br /><br />I don't drink...but it would have helped before watching this movie
critique6944 Spoilers... if such a thing is possible... . . . . . . . As a rabid Robin Williams fan I felt it necessary to buy this film as first on-screen appearance. Wow... I could not imagine a more mind-numbing movie. Essentially the movie takes one bad joke after another that your uncle Artie would tell you after dinner and dramatizes them. Robin Williams plays a lawyer in a 30 sec skit.<br /><br />I'm all for bawdy humor but this humor wasn't pleasantly vulgar or ribald... it was just mind-numbing. There are no redeeming qualities to this film other than Robin Williams fanatics like me who simply have to own every piece of film.
critique6945 Just saw this at the Madison Horror Film Festival and was disappointed. A few shocking funny moments (fisting the hollow Carla a urinating harpy in the Dreamland) and two competing interesting premises (similar to New Nightmare with belief bringing a mythical character to life and also Lost Highway with a man living out a fantasy in his head) but had long stretches of no movement and incoherent plot development. Just because you use the framework of dreams or a mental fugue state doesn't make it Lynchian. You need the compelling visuals and creepy performances.<br /><br />Positive things: Dr. Maitland had real comic timing and all the girls were very cute. Carla's Father Chalmers and Ingrid Pitt looked like they were having some fun. And Tom Savini at least looked like he had his lines memorized and we couldn't see if he was just reading cue cards.<br /><br />I get the Hammer references but it looks like the director realized the script was a snoozer and just added some shocks to try and get some laughs out of whatever footage he could put together. But they don't work because they're too few and far between and create an inconsistent tone. Condense this to 30 minutes of all the fun parts and you could have a surreal goofy short but at feature length skip it. It's not "so bad it's good" it's just "so bad it's boring".
critique6946 While not as bad as some movies (like the horrible "Atomic Twister") "Meltdown" still relies upon common misconceptions and inaccuracies about the nuclear power industry to advance its plot. I am currently studying Nuclear Engineering in the pursuit of a Masters Degree and it was easy to point out flaws that would be obvious to anyone involved with the industry.<br /><br />Riding the false fear that a Chernobyl style meltdown could happen in an American plant the movie states that any meltdown (even partial according to one of the guest commentators in the movie) would mean disaster for the area. In fact a partial meltdown in an American plant while destroying the core would not pose any risk to the surrounding area. Three Mile Island experienced a partial meltdown and no radioactive material was released into the environment at all thanks to the natural stability of the fuel and core design used in this country paired with substantial containment. <br /><br />The security steps shown in the movie were perhaps the part of the movie furthest from the truth. At any important strategic location -- be it power plant chemical plant military base anything -- you will never see personnel responding to an alarm by milling around talking as if it were an unannounced drill. This is especially true at a nuclear plant where upon the sounding of the alarm the reactors would be SCRAMed immediately shutting them off. SCRAMing can be done with the push of a button in the control room (you do not need to put the core in "shutdown mode" like depicted in the movie) and the chemistry of nuclear fission prevents a core from being brought back up to power within about 9 hours of a SCRAM. So if this scenario played out in real life the assailants would not be able to cause a significant meltdown. In theory they could still cause a partial one due to residual heat if they exposed the core immediately but that would be almost impossible given the numerous backup systems present in a plant -- there are many more than the single backup pumps they speak of in the movie.<br /><br />As for the spent fuel pools it may be possible to turn the pools into a dirty bomb by blowing them up but this is far more difficult than simply parking a truck full of explosives near the pools. The fuel is under (approximately) 18 feet of highly purified water. The water cannot become radioactive (no radioactive steam like they speak of in the movie). Particles dissolved in water can but the water itself cannot; thus the reason for very thorough purification. So the only way to turn a fuel pool into a dirty bomb is to get the fuel out of the water. This is no easy task as water is very heavy and the pools are below ground with very thick concrete walls. The explosives would have to be in the pool below the fuel (which is securely fastened). And there would have to be a heck of a lot of explosives as water is *very* hard to move through an explosion. Even if this were to occur spent fuel is not extremely radioactive and the explosion would not cause nearly as high a death toll as mentioned in the movie especially given the small amount of radioactive material that would be spread. <br /><br /> From a basic movie standpoint I grew somewhat tired of the style used. The constant fading in and out use of gritty black and white and fast tracking and panning looked amateurish. The characters were one-dimensional especially those in the US government. I have some problems with the twist thrown in the movie but will not discuss it as it would be a major spoiler.<br /><br />Overall 3/10
critique6947 I don't see the sense in going through so much trouble to make a movie like this and then throw the history book out the window. There wasn't a single accurate detail in that movie other than the fact than Richtofen died which I was grateful for at the end so I didn't have to watch any more. Movies like this are an insult to anyone who knows anything about WWI aerial history.<br /><br />I'll skip the obvious that they were flying Fokker DVII's in 1916 because the Blue Max did that too or that 209 squadron was flying SE-5's and will attack other parts. For one thing they call the Pfalz D-III an 'old Albatross' at the beginning. For another they have Voss Goring and Wolff all in Jasta Boelcke. The only one who was in that Jasta was Voss and he joined after Boelcke died. Richtofen wasn't held to blame for Boelcke's death...Erwin Boehme who collided with Boelcke had swerved to avoid a British plane that Richtofen was chasing. When Richtofen received his head wound it was while attacking a FE-2d two-seater and he did not crash into the trenches and have soldiers fight over him and NO..Werner Voss did not die that day. He died September 28th in one of the most epic battles in WWI.<br /><br />Manfred was short not like the actor who towered over everyone else. His brother Lothar was never in Jasta Boelcke either he joined the squadron when Manfred was in charge of Jasta 11.<br /><br />There's so many other glaring errors in historical fact that I'll let them go except perhaps the worst one the death scene. In the movie Manfred is out-maneuvered by Brown and then shot down making a perfect landing. Brown got off one burst at Richtofen while Richtofen was chasing May and the facts amassed over the years overwhelmingly show that Richtofen was killed by ground fire not by Brown.<br /><br />The only value in this movie was the chance to see the flying scenes themselves which were as good as 'The Blue Max' other than that I won't watch it again and I paid $30 for the tape!
critique6948 I am writing this with 10 minutes left before the film finishes. I feel comfortable writing it now because unfortunately I know exactly how this film is going to end.<br /><br />The premise is simple enough rabid dog on the loose in a small town kills people. Great - simple plot for a good fun camp 80s horror.<br /><br />Uhh ..no.<br /><br />The main problem is this is based on a book (Stephen King) and you can tell that is should not have really been adapted to film at least not with the same plot. Why? Cuz its boring! The first 45 minutes tries to build depth to its main characters and create suspense. It however lasts too long (half the film!) - the characters are unlikeable and we never care for them anyway and it just about creates zero suspense. The easiest film (according to plot and time) to compare this to it the classic Jaws. Everything that Jaws does right Cujo does wrong. Jaws created good characters and a genuine feeling of dread. Cujo does neither. Jaws effectively creates a scary creepy villain in its shark. Cujo has a dirty St Bernard running about growling and jumping and not a lot else. Jaws is exciting and unpredictable. Cujo is a tireless bore that remains predictable right to the end.<br /><br />Also confusing is the plethora of subplots that just act as boring red herrings to the films main plot.<br /><br />If this film was rewritten for the big screen and had a better director this could have been good. But it wasn't. It was a waste of 90 minutes of my life.<br /><br />People on here are saying this is one of the best King adaptations - Im sorry you could not be more wrong. The Mist is a hundred times better Thinner is 10 times better and even the one with the cats is twice as good! This in my opinion is one of the worst! The only good thing was the action scenes with the dog looked real even though they were dull.<br /><br />Films ended now and it didn't get any better. Avoid.
critique6949 Why did I go to see this film? Honestly because Jim Carrey was in it and in the past he has made hilarious movies that have made me cry with laughter so do you really blame me for expecting that again? Additionally the premise the funny trailer his co-star Jennifer Aniston's involvement and the fact it was a massive hit stateside encouraged me.<br /><br />However as my "one line Summary" suggests I was Disappointed. For various reasons;<br /><br />Reason 1: It wasn't funny. In a 2hour movie I laughed for about 5-10minutes...all together the rest of the time I sat thinking "I really should have got some ice-cream". I admit that maybe it is wrong to judge Jim Carrey on his previous films but what does he really expect when he makes Gem's such as 'The Truman Show'  'Liar Liar'  'Me Myself and Irene'  'Dumb and Dumber'  'The Mask' and the 'Ace Ventura' films then produces in Bruce Nolan's own words such a mediocre film?<br /><br />Reason 2: Jennifer Aniston's role was criminally underwritten. I mean hello! She's been around in the public eye for about ten years now and in this film she gets about four lines to say. Wrong.<br /><br />Reason 3: One word - ClichÃƒÂ©<br /><br />Reason 4: A casual deployment of specifically American References - Jimmy Hoffa Walter Cronkite 'sweeps week' - is a clue to the film's specifically home-grown appeal. "A teenager says no to drugs and yes to an Education - that's a miracle! Want to see a miracle soon? Be the miracle!" God tells Bruce a heavy handed sentiment that seems to have gone down a treat in the US but might face tougher resistance in markets that retain an inkling for subtlety. Additionally I still go to school and that statement suggests me and all of my friend's are miracles...or maybe it just means we have brains?<br /><br />In this film there are enough funny Carrey moments to make you chuckle and prevent Bruce Almighty from being a total calamity but you are advised to start revising your expectations downwards.
critique6950 **SPOILERS**<br /><br />This is one BAD movie. Seriously. Acting in absolutely horrible the FX are dreadfull and the plot is down right awful. But hey its so bad that its fun watching! The script is SO bad that its enjoyable! You just have to cringe and laugh at lines such as "I guess thats what you call CROCTEASING." as the women flash their breasts at the crocodile. I mean COME ON thats funny cause its so bad! It has such horrible jokes that they're funny! But after a while it just becomes to much as the movie turns into crap. I really started to fall asleep. Trust me though the plastic croc foot stamping on the leaves and the constant swishes of a crock tail well keep you laughing for a long time. Though I have to say it had one cool part when the croc ripped that dude in half and he just hung there for a while figuring out what to do. Heh heh mindless movie which HAS to be nominated for the MST3K line!!
critique6951 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique6952 Pretty bad PRC cheapie which I rarely bother to watch over again and it's no wonder -- it's slow and creaky and dull as a butter knife. Mad doctor George Zucco is at it again turning a dimwitted farmhand in overalls (Glenn Strange) into a wolf-man. Unfortunately the makeup is virtually non-existent consisting only of a beard and dimestore fangs for the most part. If it were not for Zucco and Strange's presence along with the cute Anne Nagel this would be completely unwatchable. Strange who would go on to play Frankenstein's monster for Unuiversal in two years does a Lenny impression from "Of Mice and Men" it seems.<br /><br />*1/2 (of Four)
critique6953 Two little girls strike a friendship. One tries to convince the other she's a witch. The other is a pushover who bends to the would be witch's will. On and on the movie drags with the pointless interaction between the two little girls with many a dramatic cut away as they pose "shocking" questions. You know the kind sweet little children shouldn't ask such as "How do you make a deal with the devil"? Oooh... creepy.<br /><br />In the end the pushover is sick of being controlled by her witchy friend. Her belief that her friend is a witch leads to a tragic end. But by the time it comes you won't care in the least.<br /><br />I can imagine this film may have been frightening to a very religious 1960s Mexican moviegoer but it doesn't even hold up as a charming relic. It merely drags on. It is boring. It is pointless. It is not to be watched.<br /><br />There are many here who have a lot of good things to say about it based on their knowledge of the director's other works and of course that common denominator everyone says about pointless films: "Ah the cinematography is wonderful!" Those reviewers probably have a point. But for the ones who found this movie with no prior knowledge who don't care about its "photography" its "atmosphere" or its...whatever else it has -- for these viewers then who just want a *good* movie that will entertain them for an hour and a half do yourselves a favour folks: <br /><br />Skip it.
critique6954 I never saw the other two "Ninja" movies and for all I know there are known but for some reason I watched this one. This one starts out rather fast as this one ninja goes on a super killing spree. He is almost unstoppable as it takes quite a number of bullets to take him down. He is not out for the count though as he ends up possessing a woman and he then continues his killing ways by using her as his tool. Another ninja enters the fray and apparently the only way you kill a ninja is with another ninja so he volunteers. This leads up to a big battle at the end as the dead ninja goes back into his body and they have it out in an all out war. Sounds better than it actually turned out being but at least it was not boring.
critique6955 Frank Falenczyk: It isn't that I'm sorry I killed them; it's that I'm sorry I killed them badly.<br /><br />Wow! Talk about a swing and a miss. You have a great cast and a great plot with endless possibilties...how do you f_ck that up?! Well apparently John Dahl has found a way. With an atrocious screenplay featuring jokes about as funny as a malaria epidemic and dialogue so painfully dry it makes none of the characters likable 'You Kill Me' might be the biggest cinematic failure of 2007. On a positive note Ben Kinglsey provides another great performance as the alcoholic Polish hit man trying to get clean but the material he has to work with is crap. Tea Leoni is good as well as is Luke Wilson Dennis Farina Bill Pullman Philip Baker Hall and the rest of the cast. I guess the best way to describe 'You Kill Me' is a terrible movie with good performances. Grade: D+
critique6956 Stone has tried another type of movie. Any Given Sunday falls short of a the above average The Last Boy Scout and the below average Against all Odds. Stone can be fantastic see The Doors Natural Born Killers or Platoon but he can also repeat himself see Nixon or Born on the Fourth of July. His real brilliance is realized in the Michael Caine perfection The Hand.
critique6957 I had to walk out on this film fifteen minutes from the end... having passed through the cringe stage and into pure boredom. What really horrifies me I mean truly disturbs me is that there are people referring to this aimless drivel as 'delightful' or a 'must see.' I would feel deep pity for those so afflicted were it not for the distinct impression that most of the positive comments about this shallow and humourless travesty were written by industry plants.<br /><br />The truth is this is a lame film that does nothing to entertain nor enlighten. It is decidedly unfunny poorly scripted and has all the pace and energy of cold canned rice pudding. To be kind to Ms Kramer the best one can say is it was a missed opportunity for having read the synopsis before I watched it I had expected something more challenging. The possible misinterpretations of a close brother and sister co-dependence the unexpected awakening of 'sisterly' sexuality and the comic potential in such sibling rivalry (for the affections of the same girl) were all obvious subjects for refreshing comedic exploration yet which at every turn the movie frustratingly shies away from.<br /><br />Instead the audience is subjected to a meandering series of uninspired and insipidly drawn situations with clichÃƒÂ©d characterisations and dull performances from a cast struggling for belief and obviously in need of much tighter direction. The lack of directorial control seems astounding; on the one hand Moynahan Cavanagh and Spacek all give very pedestrian performances while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - the latter in particular - veer towards embarrassing over-compensation at times. One could lay the blame for this on the director - maybe Sue Kramer hopes that if her actors over-act they will force a bigger laugh from the audience. But then again the cast is a veteran one; one would expect them to do better.<br /><br />Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully what kind of movies she wants to make and for whom. Given the possible issues Gray Matters alludes to and given her inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of a comedy perhaps she should consider writing dramas instead. I know it is never easy to make films about women and women's issues especially when one hopes to reach a wider audience than women alone but whatever direction she takes inconsequential and flimsy characters like Gray are not going to cut mustard.
critique6958 People call a 976 "party line" to talk dirty to strangers and perhaps meet up for a sexual liason. A deranged somewhat incestuous sister and occasional transvestite brother use the line to find people to kill usually married men but they don't discriminate! A pair of sixteen year old girls also call the line for fun pretending to be older of course. One of them works as a babysitter for a married man who's hot for her (or anyone).<br /><br />Meanwhile a vice cop is borrowed by homicide when he's the first to discover one of the siblings' victims. He's teamed with a female assistant of the District Attorney.<br /><br />Nothing too special here. Richard Roundtree has little more than a cameo as the police chief. One of the dirty-talking sixteen year olds is played by an actress who also voiced Peanuts character Peppermint Patty! According to the IMDb the other died quite young just several years after this movie: sad.
critique6959 My friend Zac rented this movie free of charge since his mom works at a rental store. I still feel ripped off since I won't ever be able to get those 100 minutes of my life back. Having watched the first "Dark Harvest" the night prior to this viewing I expected to at least see a crappy remake of the first film. Wrong.<br /><br />There isn't a single scarecrow in the movie (unless you count the one of the cover of the box) nor are there any real death scenes. The movie got its R rating from an 8 year old girl screaming "god d**n" at her father.<br /><br />There is no amount of tequila that could make this movie bearable. Believe me we tried.
critique6960 For the most part "Michael" is a disaster Ã‚Â– ten minutes of charm and ninety's worth of missteps.<br /><br />Travolta and MacDowell do their best frequently rising above Nora Ephron's numbingly banal script. But the film moves like a snail. And even within its fantasy context the characters behave implausibly on a regular basis. (Reporters who routinely let the story of a lifetime Ã‚Â– an apparent angel living on Earth Ã‚Â– out of their sight?) <br /><br />Someone forgot to tell romantic comedy maestro Ephron that William Hurt brilliant in so many other films is no Tom Hanks. The movie's "climax" redefines the word contrived. Ephron may be shooting for Heaven here but unfortunately "Michael" is a long long ride through cinema heck.
critique6961 Bela Lugosi revels in his role as European horticulturalist (sic) Dr. Lorenz in this outlandish tale of horror and dementia. The good doctor's aging wife needs fluids harvested from the glands of young virgins in order to retain her youth and beauty. What better place for the doctor to maintain his supply than at the alter where he kidnaps the unsuspecting brides before they can complete their vows? Sedating them into a coma-like state he brings them to his mansion to collect his tainted bounty according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. That brief description is much more entertaining and imaginative than the movie.<br /><br />** The Corpse Vanishes (1942) Wallace Fox ~ Bela Lugosi Luana Walters Elizabeth Russell
critique6962 I think it's two years ago since I have seen the movie and till this day it's the worst film I have ever seen. The only thing I thought after seeing this movie was that it was made for some tax reason. So after all this time I finally spilled my gut ;) And now IMDb says I have to fill 10 lines with comments:<br /><br />"Sorry you must provide at least 10 lines in your comment. Please return to the edit window (or use the BACK option if this isn't a new window)."<br /><br />Please there is nothing to say anymore...<br /><br />Sorry for some bad English.
critique6963 The Robot vs. the Aztec Mummy was one of the silliest and least believable films I've ever seen. O.K I can buy that the woman in the film is a reincarnation of a virgin that was sacrificed to an Aztec God. What I can't buy is that the incredibly phony looking mummy and the even worse looking robot. When you want to watch a film like this you want to see lots of fighting action. But the robot and the mummy fight for about a minute total! Probably worst of all was the dia de los muertos art they had in the credits. It's the worst I've ever seen. Avoid this one if possible.
critique6964 Designed only to annoy (or amuse) any self-respecting intelligent person. If the director's intention had been for the viewer to dislike the title character then it would have been okay but I know that there is no such thing as a Hollywood director who'd make a critique of America's pro-Marxist 60s movement especially not a filmmaker from the 70s. There is so much idiotic dialog going on here that sometimes I wondered if I wasn't actually watching a comedy. You wouldn't be at fault for thinking that this is a satire Ã‚Â– that's how naÃƒÂ¯ve the movie appears. Spacek has been in her share of Leftist movies which brings me to the obvious inescapable conclusion that the redhead hick is one of those Hollywood liberal morons. But I mean aren't they all? Nice boobs but s**t for brains.
critique6965 Marathon has a very interesting premise excellent ambient sounds and good scenery. Unfortunately the movie aside from these aspects falls flat on its face. For a woman trying to complete so many crossword puzzles in a day she spends an awful lot of time standing around sulking and not doing puzzles. I believe there is more walking shown in the movie than her work on these puzzles. Also while I understand the point of showing so much scenery there is simply FAR too much of it. The movie is incredibly boring and unfocused. It's not worth buying renting watching on television or viewing in any conceivable way. I lost interest so quickly that I'm not sure why I sat through the entire film in the first place.
critique6966 When I was a kid we always used to be babysat and we always used to rent a film or see a film at the cinema. This is one of the films we watched. This is one of the stupidest films I've ever seen I think it might even be a Walt Disney Pictures film! A martian is dropped on earth turns into a human befriends a human and is trying everything he can to get back home. But he is distracted by the wonders of the Earth. The only good comment I can give is the choice of actors Back to the Future's Christopher Lloyd as the martian Uncle Martin Dumb and Dumber's Jeff Daniels as Tim O'Hara Elizabeth Hurley as Brace Channing and Daryl Hannah as Lizzie. But apart from that it's complete crap. Poor!
critique6967 I saw Winnie's Heffalump a couple of days ago. A nice story based on well known characters created by A.A.Milne. Although Winnie Piglet Tigger and Rabbit are all present in this animated feature the main character is Roo this time. He befriends with scary Heffalump who proves to be not scary at all and shows everybody that friendship knows no boundaries and everybody wants and deserves to be happy. I love this film and I would love it even more were I 10 or 15 years younger. Alas I would like to become a kid again to enjoy this Heffalump story much more but all I am left with is a sense of sadness at the loss of a sort of childishness and innocence of which this movie is fullÃ‚Â… I was glad to hear Carly Simon sing Joel McNeely provided great score.
critique6968 This was on the 30th Anniversary DVD for Blazing Saddles itself brilliant but not this. Nowhere did I see Mel Brook's name on here and I can guess why he's got a lot more sense to not be associated with this pilot. My gawd who would find this funny. Sure there may be a race issue but for me it just wasn't funny well cause it's simply not funny. It's like the writers didn't even try to be funny just to cash in on being tied with Blazing Saddles. Did they expect this show to go for several seasons when they made this pilot? Flat out they didn't care. It was a quick cash cow which thank god didn't cash out. I guess it's useful for historical purposes only or only to demonstrate how stupid and unimaginative Hollywood writers can be.
critique6969 I had to see this on the British Airways plane. It was terribly bad acting and a dumb story. Not even a kid would enjoy this. Something to switch off if possible.
critique6970 You see a movie titled 'battlespace' what are you going to think? Space battles with cool as heck explosions and everyone shooting at each other. What do you get with this movie? Well you do get SOME space battle goodness but for a great majority of the time it's just stupid people wandering around doing almost nothing. NO ONE TALKS!!!! What is this nonsense?! We get a narrators and a ton of British computers but thats about it. The main protagonist must be the worst one I have ever seen as she doesn't even have any dialog and sleepwalks though scenes (literately!). Some of the things happening are just stupid like they use a rocket (like to go to space) for basic transportation planet side why not just use one of those nifty space ships? In any case the music is almost non-existent with a few boring dull lifeless samples but the main thing you will notice is the Atari sound effects the ships use...you have got to be kidding me. I can also tell that the budget was low because everything looks fake which is not what you would expect from a movie especially what should be a super cool space battle movie. I seriously think the budget must have been in the double digits it is so bad making you laugh more than you should at how plain bad it is. I am starting to think that they paid the actors based on how much dialog they had because their is very little here (if you can't tell already that is my main gripe here as I probably said that like 3 times already).
critique6971 **WARNING** MISERABLE MOVIE **WARNING** The day before Christmas eve some nut case decided he'd entertain us by sending this movie as "entertainement" on TV. What in Gods name was he thinking?<br /><br />This movie is filled with awful humor despicable acting lousy jokes and a disaster of a plot line. Randy Quaid plays the idiotic role as Cousin Eddie Johnson. Eddie is a brain dead person who's incapable of even the simplest tasks. He was fired because he was dumb as a brick but the company he worked for was sorry for it so they sent him and his family on a vacation. But being as stupid as he is he managed to make the vacation into a disaster.<br /><br />All-in-all it's the worst movie I've seen and I have nightmares still over the miserable acting and the even more miserable jokes in this movie. It's so sad you ALMOST have to see it... But don't. The nightmares I have are far worse than any other nightmares you will ever have. Trust me... I hate this movie so bad because of it's acting the humor the "jokes" and the story. The only good thing was the nice scenery. <br /><br />Well It's my opinion and I surely hope everyone agrees with me...
critique6972 And it falls squarely into the category of "awesomely bad" - ie a movie drunk students would rent to get a kick out of. I was at the sci fi movie festival and all I remember is a wave after wave of hysterical laughter as this movie premiered. Other critiques will better describe this movie's fecal nature and I felt oh-so-bad at the poor guy from the production company who had turned up obviously to gauge the audience's reaction. What he got was the sci fi equivalent of a drunken student audience and after a "serious" anime movie I think it was "sky blue" the audience was in a sombre mood and then this movie opened and within seconds everyone in the room was rolling in the isles. I will bullet point the worst parts;<br /><br />Script: The funniest and worst part of this movie it clunks along a linear and predictable road with the occasional ill-thought-out aside. Rubbish but eminently laughable.<br /><br />Animation: Poorly done and put together if you can put up with drab backgrounds and gradually skimpier costumes for the heroine (I know I can!) then watch out for the montage where she "trasforms" from a Swedish peasant girl into LADY DEATH!!!<br /><br />Characters: So one-dimensional its painful there is a brief backstory (with side-splitting lines of dialogue) and little light is shone on the actual motivation behind some of the main characters.<br /><br />So in a nutshell if you've got a captive audience and a few beverages lying around (try and make sure they're alcoholic to ease the pain) then slip this movie into the DVD and get in a "mystery science theatre 3000" mindset. There is no other motivation to watch this movie other than to laugh at it and its not meant to be a comedy. DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE ALONE. It could possible be even more boring to watch solo than "New World" with Colin Farrell as you won't be able to have a laugh at the ridiculousness with a friend or two.
critique6973 The thing about calling "House of the Dead" the worst movie of all time is that it's really not. There are worse movies out there. I watch alot of Hong Kong ninja movies that are basically the result of an unfinished Japanese police drama having footage of ninjas inserted at the end to create something that could technically be called "a movie."<br /><br />House of the Dead is however one of the worst films I've ever seen at the theatres. Walking out half way through I actually felt I was somewhat dumber for having set through 45 minutes of this piece of garbage.
critique6974 It's certainly a direct-to-video but the story is not as bad as most of the other reviewers think. I quite like the fact the hero is doing the wrong thing most of the time.<br /><br />The hero's reactions and the reactions of the rebels are just human. The Hopper character is actually playing god. That might be the right thing to do but one may not like that anyway.<br /><br />In the end the god player is doomed to death and the hero who would have spent his own life can live. Quite a morale. :-)<br /><br />The most unrealistic thing I saw is that earth is doing so well with no moon stabilizing its rotation.
critique6975 What do you get when you mix a lump of clichÃƒÂ©s with a directionless pacing and a group of characters who you don't care about and a failed attempt at creating an appealing visual style and an even bigger lump of clichÃƒÂ©s and a weak sense of humor and a really big budget? Why you get one of the most intolerably unwatchable movies ever made! I'm referring of course to Domino.<br /><br />Here are some things that people might say during the viewing of this movie:<br /><br />"Ooh wow the storyline is told out of sequence that hasn't been done a billion times before. And much more skillfully than in this movie."<br /><br />"Wow look at all of the flashing lights and grainy film texture and elaborate transitions! The director is trying so hard to make things look arty and to establish a visual style! It's just too bad that none of these effects add anything to the movie or make sense with the scenes they're in and it's also too bad that most of them come across as irritating!"<br /><br />"I've heard that exchange of dialogue in about twenty thousand movies before!"<br /><br />"I've seen this scene in about thirty thousand movies before!"<br /><br />"This one too!"<br /><br />"Uh didn't they reveal this 'plot twist' about half an hour ago? Was that supposed to be surprising?"<br /><br />"If this movie is supposed to be showing a 'tough chick' going around kicking ass... when why doesn't she do very much of it?"<br /><br />"I can't believe how unoriginal this dialogue is."<br /><br />"How long is this thing? I feel like I've been watching it for over four hours already."<br /><br />"I have no idea what just happened but also I don't particularly feel motivated to try to figure it out."<br /><br />"Is this over yet?"<br /><br />"I want my money back."<br /><br />"The songs in this soundtrack feel so misused here."<br /><br />"It's ironic that all of the cursing they use actually detracts from the impact of each one."<br /><br />"UGH."<br /><br />And finally: "I might have to end my friendship with the person who recommended this movie to me."<br /><br />In summation this movie is a failure in nearly every aspect. Avoid watching it at all costs. If your house is on fire and this movie is playing in the only room that isn't flammable you should seriously consider being burned alive instead.<br /><br />(If I sound bitter it's because I just spent over two hours watching this movie and uh I didn't enjoy it very much.)
critique6976 Did anyone who was making this movie particularly the director spare a thought for the logic of the story-line? These are not mere plot-holes but plot graves that become ever deeper as we lose any sympathy for the main character and his plight. That is if you are kind enough a viewer to valiantly ignore the fact for most of the movie that the characters are either servants to the grave-hole plot or boring and unlikeable. Or in the case of Downey's & Hannah's characters apparently superfluous. In pondering the reason for existence of Downey's character's significant screen-time in the movie I decided that either the director had liked his character and unnecessarily increased his screen-time (unlikley as the director didn't change anything else about the script he actually needed to) or that his character was going to be sacrificed on the altar of bad plotting. I'll leave you to guess which one it was to be.<br /><br />I had to keep checking the cover of the DVD to confirm that this really was made by credible talents. I cannot understand why Robert Altman would take this job. Surely he has some power to pick and chose. Actually I can't understand why anyone would take this script on except a first-time director looking for the experience.<br /><br />I suppose Robert Downey Jr. needed the money for his habit. I suppose Kenneth Branagh wanted to try a southern accent. I suppose Robert Duvall was only given a few pages of the script and thought the role in isolation sounded intriguing. These are the only motivations I can see that would coerce good actors to take on roles in this movie. As for Robert Altman plenty of effort has gone in on his part to making the movie look fantastic. I found myself noticing how he had framed such and such a scene or used the bright orange float vests in another scene to draw the eye's movements or imposed a beautiful filter to create a particular mood. I do not typically notice such things in movies since most movies I bother to watch to the end actually engage me for reasons of good story-telling and interesting characters with understandable motives. I watched this to the end only because some ridiculous element of optimism in myself kept looking at that DVD cover and being convinced that due to the talent involved there had to be some redeeming factor in this movie.<br /><br />Nice direction. But that's not why I watch movies.
critique6977 I just finished up this unofficial adaptation of H.P. Lovecraft's "The Lurking Fear" that was shot in Louisiana. Outside of a few changes (names setting) this follows the short story point by point for the first 70 minutes but then tries to inject its own "twist" ending that you could see coming from a mile away. Either way it is a much better adaptation than Full Moon's THE LURKING FEAR. Too bad it is a terrible film. Director David McCormick shoots the thing with all the flair of an industrial short. I swear I counted maybe two camera movements. The creature design is cheap (we're talking store bought masks here) but shot in a dark manner (intentional or not) where they are somewhat creepy. The most impressive thing in the picture is the abandoned mansion but McCormick fails to exploit that as well. File this one under good adaptation poor execution.
critique6978 Schieder delivers a semi-believable part as the President of the United States with politically correct Maria Conchita Alonzo as the female Vice President. The movie just stinks. with so many plot holes its a wonder they got it to stick to the film it was shot on. Relegated to late night HBO time schedules this film is not worth seeing at all. 10 minutes into it you are asking yourself why it was written. 40 minutes into it you are wondering why you are watching it. Save the effort and watch a re-run of Hee Haw or something. Anything is better than this clunker.
critique6979 Having heard so much about the 1990s Cracker series without seeing any of them I looked forward to this eagerly. Surely the combination of Jimmie McGovern and Robbie Coltrane could not go wrong. How wrong I was! <br /><br />The polemics backed by frequent repetitive and violent flashbacks were overpowering. The production tried to be super-modern but the flashing boxes and even the childish font irritated. Robbie Coltrane sleep-walked through the two hours coming up with unexplained and unlikely "insights" and the police were portrayed as one-dimensional bumbling idiots. As a result the tension never built up and the next-to-final scene (no details for fear of spoilers) was as laughably bad a piece of TV drama as I have seen for a long time.<br /><br />No I don't want to see any more of these but I will go back to the DVDs of the 1990s series to see if they match their reputation.
critique6980 Barney and friends...the Dora the explorer of the 1990s.<br /><br />OK i'll admit it. as a kid barney was my ultimate hero. i had my barney plush toy and i used to watch the same barney episodes over and over on videotape. maybe cause it was so sugar coated and mind-numbing.<br /><br />However by the time i turned 7 i started to hate barney. everyone at school would Dis barney and i went along with it (mainly because it was funny) and it's what little boys do. but a few years later I discovered something else about barney that i will never forget.<br /><br />a person known on the IMDb as Angel_meiru did an Essay for school explaining the dangers of watching barney and he or she posted it in the message boards. a lot of those dangers made sense.<br /><br />Barney is a dinosaur who can magically come to life during a day at school. he is supposedly educational or so Sheryl Leach (Barney's Creator) says but really all i can remember him teaching me is that magic can solve anything which is not true.<br /><br />to end off this comment I'd like to tell you a little story. There was once a young boy who watched a particular episode of barney. one day he was alone when a stranger lured him into his car and drove away with him. i don't know the outcome (but it's safe to assume the child died) but why was he abducted in the first place? because he watched the Barney and friends episode titled "A stranger is a friend you haven't met yet." <br /><br />0/10
critique6981 OK so I'am chilling in my room when mom knocks on the door. I open the door and what do I see in her hands? "SLEEPY HOLLOW HIGH". I thinking it has to be an older horror movie because there's noway anyone could be stupid enough to name a movie that after The blockbuster hit "Sleepy Hollow" starring Johnny Depp. But to my surprise the movie is at least two years older then the original. That alone should have stopped me from putting it into the V.C.R. But no I had to take a chance I had to believe that this movie could have one small ray of hope. Little did I know that the rays where no where to be seen.<br /><br />Number one the story line is so ridiculous that it's probably true in some country bumpkin town. Two the actors seem more like people real life people who just happen to wonder on the set when the director yell cut. Three just about any movie starring the director is always awful. But the funny thing is that this is yet another movie directed by Kevin Summerfield. I've become to rely on his movie to bring me to the floor with side splitting laughter.<br /><br />Where to start on this movie? I know let's start with the jogger in the woods. The camera lighting was so bad that I lead to believe that the jogger was standing still and the camera man was running. I love how the woman's stop to eat a candy bar. I mean it's just about dark or just about light who could tell with the camera lighting. And she stops running to eat a candy bar I mean a CANDY BAR WHAT THE HELL. So she ends up being the first victim because of stupidity and already I'am ready to break the tape find the director burn his little hands.<br /><br />Then out of nowhere some guys like trying to fix a car that probably been broken for some years now. Then in come the fake Mack 10 and a very real prostitute who happen to be part of our main charter cast.<br /><br />The some of the movie is about a group of kids who all get into trouble. And are given the choice to pick up trash in the Sleepy Hollow park or face suspension forever. There sent in the woods with one of the teachers(Mr.E or a.k.a Kevin Summfield) who suppose to watch over them and make sure that all goes accordingly. The funniest thing is how undeveloped the charters really are. I mean what is with the fake Mack 10 dude and who's ever heard of Hacker trying to kill themselves. And some how one of the students has had an affair with the teacher Mr. E before all of this community service crap had even came up. Yet the school still thought it was a cool idea for them to let him go. Also there's one student named J who purpose in the movie is to keep annoyingly popping up out of no where trying to make the audience jump when all he really does is add to the cheapness of the film. The sound was so horrible in this movie. I mean there was one seen when two guys are fighting and the guy punches the other guy in the stomach and out of the T.V. comes this sound effect that sounds like someone punching a stale wooden box. It began horribly and ended dangerously stupid even my taste. I will say this though the music in the back ground made the scenes look some what tolerable. But not that much tolerable. My conclusion is this if you want to left at yet another movie that Kevin Summfield took serious buy "Sleepy Hollow High.<br /><br />P.S I'am still thinking about shooting myself to remove those images of the fake Mack 10. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
critique6982 Up until the last 20 minutes I was thinking that this is possibly Jackie Chan's worst movie (excluding his pre-1978 work which I am not familiar with). The final fight sequence changed all that: it is long and good and intense - indeed one of the highlights of Chan's career. But to get to it you have to sit through a lot of "comedy" that might amuse five-year-olds (oh look! someone threw a tomato at that guy's face) and endless "football" scenes. Not to mention the dubbing (which includes the line "How can I turn it off? It's not a tap" - watch to find out what it refers to). "Dragon Lord" is worth renting for the final fight alone but the rest of the movie is only for Jackie collectors and even then only for those who've already seen at least 15 of his other movies. (**)
critique6983 Pros: Nothing<br /><br />Cons: Everything<br /><br />Plot summary: A female reporter runs into a hitchhiker that tells her stories about the deaths of people that were killed by zombies.<br /><br />Review: Never in my life have I come across a movie as bad The Zombie Chronicles. Filmed on a budget of what looks to be about 20 bucks TZC is a completely horrible horror movie that relies on lame forgetable actors whom couldn't act to save their lives and gore that's more gross than frightening. How does a movie like this even get made? Simply put avoid TZC like a sexually-transmitted disease.<br /><br />My last 2 cents: Humorously enough this movie was made by a movie company called Brain Damage Films. They're brains must have really been damaged to come up with a craptacular movie like this.<br /><br />My rating: 1 out of 10(If it were up to me this movie would get the rating of negative bajillion)
critique6984 Dreadful! A friend of mine (who obviously thought I had an abysmal sense of humour) recommended this.<br /><br />It's bobbins. I almost switched it off. It is only my anal desire to not leave things unfinished that prevented me doing so.<br /><br />This was evidently a British attempt to make a movie with a bunch of also ran TV actors using some lame script from their mate in the business. I struggle to think of anything even approaching the paucity of this movie. Less funny than global warming.<br /><br />I'm not normally so vehement but I watched this well over ten years ago and thought that I wasted an hour or so of my life on it is destructive.<br /><br />Puerile plot less useless tosh.<br /><br />I'd rather eat my feet than watch it again.
critique6985 Less self-conscious and much less pretentious than GUTS OF A BEAUTY this Kazuo Komizu gore flick is worth a look (at least once).<br /><br />Sleazy snapshotters escort wanna-be actresses/models to a remote house in the woods in order to sexually molest them. Unfortunately (for the horny boys) a long-schlonged demon who lives in the woods has already targeted the girls for fun.<br /><br />The thing even ends up having fun with the boys -- that's IF you consider beheadings dismemberment and masturbation with severed limbs "fun".<br /><br />Once again it all sounds better on paper than it looks and sounds on film.<br /><br />Just as Komizu mangled LIVING DEAD AT TOKYO BAY with his ineptitude he also mangles this effort and is only saved by some audacious violence and some great white panty shots.<br /><br />Don't buy the hype though or you'll be sorely disappointed.
critique6986 Maybe it was the title or the trailer (certainly not the interview on the DVD which is with the director as he keeps saying "hi kids" into the camera like a buffoon) but I had expectations for Entrails of a Virgin to be at least a bit of sleazy fun with some good sex scenes and brutal bloody killings by a weird Japanese penetrator. Turns out it's way too sleazy for its own good or bad or whatever. There's a problem- and one can see this also in the Italian sexploitation flick Porno Holocaust similar to this in many respects- in not having balance to the sex and violence. Too much sex and it will turn into a prototypical porno and not even with much production quality in comparison with most professional porno movies! And with the killing scenes there has to be at least a little tack and maybe just a smidgen of ingenuity in creating the creature/killer/whatever. Entrails of a Virgin has neither. It's safe to say it's a pretty soulless movie even if isn't one of the very worst ever made- it's there just for horn-dog Japanese fetishists to get off on girls in trouble and men who have all their brains in their 'other' heads.<br /><br />In this case we're given a photo team where the guys are taking some shots of some girls nothing too salacious and then by way of a dense fog they stay off at some house one night and are picked off one by one by "A Murderer" as he's credited. First off the director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides he has to put in a quota of random sex scenes early on- we get spliced in (or phoned in take your pick) clips of one of the photographers having sex with one or more of the girls elsewhere. It looks like it's from another movie. Then once settled into the house there's a 'wrestling' scene that's poorly choreographed and shot (yeah we really need to see him 'all' there) and then on to the rape and killings. First the rape by the photographers who promise the girls some jobs for their time. Then the Murderer who like D'Amato's creature is simply covered in mud and given a stupid facial and who for an unknown reason kills the men and/or rapes the women one by one.<br /><br />Now the latter of those taken by themselves should be considered the highlights of the movie. This is like saying however that the croÃƒÂ»tons are the best part of a wretchedly tasting salad. An eye-gouging scene a spike thrown like an Olympic event (that scene actually is kind of cool) and finally the entrailing of the overly sex-crazed girl whose inconsequential name I can't remember. Even *this* becomes disappointing just by not being correct to the title! On top of this the sex scenes which become tedious through 'Gaira' and his indulgence in long-takes-without-cutaways where everything by the Japanese censors is blurred anyway are dubbed over by the actors (you'd think that they seem to be enjoying themselves enough hence the need to let them 'speak' for themselves). But the overall feeling from Entrails of a Virgin is that of a lumpy one where it's just there to be gawked at and without a shred of suspense or true horror (watch as the last girl left alive the virgin of the picture tries to stop the murderer from getting to her which lasts five minutes as she keeps throwing sticks at him!) You just want it to be done with for the 'I hate women' mantra to ease up or be rid altogether.
critique6987 To call a film boring is not something I would usually count as a valid criticism. However when a film is crassly made of spare parts from other films that weren't that good to begin with and it is slow as molasses with no real payoff I think it's fair to call a spade a spade. And The Ghost is a very boring film.<br /><br />A movie that is about as original as its' name The Ghost tells the story of a young girl with amnesia being haunted by a ghost that holds the secret to her past. Only it's a whole lot more complicated and less interesting than one would think.<br /><br />The plot line is almost incomprehensible for most of the picture and the hook the amnesia element only makes things worse. It seems that no one including the screenwriter and director have any clue what the hell is happening at any given moment. Instead they chose to do what roughly amounts to the filmic equivalent of a sitcom clip show. There are scenes taken directly from Ringu Dark Water Shutter The Grudge series and a smattering of Pulse for good measure. Making matters worse the half dozen female leads all dress and read their lines alike making them impossible to tell apart.<br /><br />There is just nothing to grasp onto with this film. The story isn't all that well thought out. The amnesia gimmick is lazy. The mystery element is un-involving and handled with little grace. The characters never deduce anything all the information is just handed out through the lead remembering her past whenever it is convenient for the plot.<br /><br />The cinematography full of reflections and shots of water at least attempts to add to the subtext a thematic link with the amnesia and the final twist (which I won't reveal) is nice but often overwrought. Even the score feels borrowed and clichÃƒÂ©.<br /><br />Worst of all the inciting action for the curse isn't very interesting and the final twist is predictable and lame. "Wait you mean that one character who has 15 minutes of screen time but appeared to have nothing to do with the plot comes back in the end? No!" Audiences are too savvy for this kind of tripe. Anyone who has seen any of the films that this rips off will find very little to even keep them awake with this feature. I used to think Shimizu was the bottom of the barrel for this kind of crap (remaking his grudge film no less than 5 times) but even his second rate work like Reincarnation a film I couldn't even bring my self to finish is miles ahead of this.<br /><br />For more reviews please visit www.collider.com
critique6988 OK so I am an original Wicker Man fan and I usually don't like British films remade by Americans so why oh why did I put myself through the most painful cinema experiences ever? I am not a Nicolas Cage fan and I had some kind of moment of madness perhaps? The film was appalling! The bit at the beginning with the crash/fire had no relevance to the film at all and the female cop knew where Edward was going so the bit at the end with the two girls visiting the mainland well it wouldn't have happened as the whole thing would have been investigated. The history behind the wicker man wasn't really explored - and I guess being set in America didn't really help the whole pagan theme. This film was slow and contained no atmosphere or suspense. I must say that the best bit was right at the end when Nicolas Cage goes up in flames! I am in such desperate need to see the original again now in order to cleanse my disappointed soul. I really can't stress how disappointing this film is please don't see it if you:<br /><br />A) Don't like American re-makes of British Films B) Are a fan of the original C) Hate Nicolas Cage
critique6989 If you've read the original novel as I did you will probably hate this thing.<br /><br />The film version of _Absolute Beginners_ is a nightmarish conglomerate of 1980s anachronisms attempting to create a "period piece" set in the late 1950s and failing to re-create or even pay homage to that period -- the US monstrosity of _Dirty Dancing_ does similar to 1963 except that film proved financially successful despite having equally amateurish screen writing. In addition to suffering from "looking too 1980s" the characters have been changed re-arranged and downplayed to the point that the only characteristics they have in common with those of the novel are the slightest superficial looks and of course their names: Suze is transformed from the narrator's flighty ex-girlfriend and promiscuous negrophile who willingly plans to marry a closeted old queen for money (at her own admittance in the first few pages) into a hapless and naive "Eve"-archetype seduced by fame and glamour exploited and somehow scammed into a sham marriage by her boss who surprisingly wasn't given a Van Dyke and pointy hairstyle. She and the narrator re-named "Colin" (after the book's author Colin MacInnes) for the film are also in a relationship.<br /><br />Big Jill's character a lesbian seemingly butch yet "fop like" in her mid-20s who acts as pimp to a cadre of young and bubble-headed lesbians and one of the narrator's closest friends dispensing frank wisdom to the narrator is reduced to a sort of "named extra" with only a few throw-away lines and tonnes of comical outfits.<br /><br />The Fabulous Hoplite a gay young man and another close friend of the narrator in the novel is also reduced to the point of being pointless in the film camped-up and all but ignored.<br /><br />The narrator's father in the novel is a sort of sad minor character but in the film he's played to come off as optimistic and oddly spirited despite the squalid neighbourhood and the disarray of his marriage to the narrator's mum seems for all practical purposes ignored.<br /><br />In its favour the music (for what it is) is well-composed and you have to give the production and writing crews credit for actually taking a line from the book ("...some days they'll write musicals about the 1950s...") as their inspiration to write a musical but in the world of bad camped-up musicals this is among the most poorly executed in the bunch. Unlike _Shock Treatment_ or _Starstruck_ crucial plot elements are treated as afterthoughts. Unlike _The Apple_ there is a choppy and uneven flow between musical numbers and spoken dialogue.<br /><br />You really can't blame it's "too 1980s" feel on the fact that it was created in the 1980s. The film version of _Annie_ released in 1981 pays a wonderfully well-executed tribute to the look and feel of New York City in the 1930s and _Napolean Dynamite_ manages to capture a gritty sort of look and feel of the 1980s despite being made on a low budget in 2003 (though it's not explicitly set in the 1980s those who lived through the decade cannot deny that the film "feels very 1980s"). Obviously it was _possible_ to make something good out of this especially considering the iconic status that the source novel has in the UK but it fails most apparently in the look and feel and also in its treatment of the source material which is downright disrespectful.<br /><br />Perhaps if you haven't read and have no intentions of reading the novel you could enjoy this campy 1980s anachronism giving a shameful parody of late-1950s Soho London's modernist jazz set. I can definitely see what the writing team were attempting but they definitely could have done better. With Boy George as a household name and mixed-race musicians and bands on the charts in 1986 UK they definitely did _not_ need to bowdlerise the characters in the ways that they ended up doing. In fact I'd go so far as saying that the writers wound up doing what both the book and film criticised harshly -- it ended up having a bunch of adults cranking out crap and treating its targeted teen-aged audience like two-bit idiots to make a quick buck off of.
critique6990 This is another typical unbelievable and non-sensical piece of Hollywood dreck.<br /><br />Kurt Russell as Snake Pliskin in a business suit convinces me he was a better 2nd baseman. Ray Liotta as the psychotic cop is totally predictable and absurd. Madeline Stowe is her usual cardboard self and does little to be a convincing victim.<br /><br />Every scene in this persiflage is absolutely predictable all the way to the end when Kurt clouts Ray with a vase or something knocking him down and out. Kurt and Madeline then do their obligatory end-of-the-movie embrace and EVERYBODY--- except Russell and Stowe KNOWS Liotta is going to get back up and menace the couple again.<br /><br />He does of course and Russell drills him 10 times with his 9mm which was ENTIRELY unnecessary. This movie could just as well ended with the bludgeoning scene--- EXCEPT Hollywood dotes on unnecessary violence and the more they can add or "enhance" the more slobbery they get.
critique6991 As a child of the 80's like so many of the other reviewers here I hated the original V and V: the Final Battle. I own both on VHS and never hook up the VCR to watch them. I do remember not liking this short lived series very much but I couldn't remember why so I rented the first disc. By the third episode I had my memory refreshed. It's terrible. The writing is beyond horrid. It's not even FUN. They had a lot of material to work with here but it seemed like they just didn't know what to do so they turned it into 'Days of our Lives with lizard aliens'. How cool and full of potential is the concept of Elizabeth the Starchild? All they could think of to do is grow her into a whiny boring teenager to compete with her mother romantically? Marc Singer looked less embarrassed to be in Beastmaster II than he did when he was trapped in this drivel....point is whether you're one of the younger folk who's just discovered V or one of us older sci-fi fans looking to rediscover some old fun spare yourself and SKIP THIS!
critique6992 This is a German film from 1974 that is something to do with some women who come to a castle and beyond that I can't really tell you their purpose or even what the purpose of the movie is. I can tell you that there's several women who also moonlight as servants at this particular castle who strip put on body paint and gyrate to bongos like they were at the Goth Kit-Kat Klub though and that seems to be a good portion of the run time of this film. Yeah there seems to be something with devil worship and vampires and there's some girl on girl stuff etc. but the main focus seems to be the painted babes gyrating away in the basement. I did rather like the eye-rolling of one of the main housekeepers/devil worshipers that lent an authenticity to the proceedings and made her even more evil-looking. Was that Wanda the Evil Lesbian (as billed in the credits)? No matter. If you aren't too picky about your lesbian devil worshiping movies you might like this otherwise it's pretty dull stuff and I couldn't even finish it I was so bored. 3 out of 10.
critique6993 I'm a big fan of Thomas HarrisI read all his novels at least 5 times and Hannibal's the book I really love the most.Therefore the movie was my biggest disappointment and I really don't get it why some folks here give it a nine or even a ten.Either their demands are very low or they haven't read the book or both.Even if I hadn't read the book I'd still consider the movie as absolute average and I'd give it a five. The creepymysterious atmosphere from the novel doesn't appear one single time in the moviewhen I saw it first in the cinema I even fell asleep.Why was Margot Verger a very important character totally omitted? Why was Barney shown as a dumb ignorant whose only ambition is to earn money? And most of all why was the psychological process Starling went through in the endcaused by the drugs Lecter applied to herdescended? Not to speak about the fact that the ending was omittedtooand totally changed? Well the reasons why Jodie Foster refused to play Starling again are well known and I accepted italthough like surely many others I'm very disappointed 'cause I identified Starling with her.For stories like Red DragonThe silence of the lambs or Hannibal that possess such psychological depth it is very important to identify with a character when they're adapted for the screenbut as the Germans say that's "snow of yesterday". Ridley Scott did some incredibly good movies but with this one he doesn't live up to his name. Jonathan Demme had exactly the right feeling for the plot the characters and their relationships towards each other in The silence of the lambs he should have done Hannibaltoo.My only comfort is that I've seen the movie only two timesit's long ago and thank god for that reason I'm able not to see the scenes from the movie when I read the novel. I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.
critique6994 I wasn't sure where this was headed until the ending. when it turned out that this was all a liberal conspiracy to hand the world over to European wimps and the United Nations. What a load of right-wing crud! Incidentally the bit about Canada joining the US didn't really have much to do with the plot at all and the idea was never developed. The only point of it seems to be that it made the main character eligible to run for President(but they could have just made him American and dispensed with that). In any event this was a load of bull and not worth your time. If you wan't to see this kind of thing done well check out the brilliant BBC political thriller "State of Play."
critique6995 My mother told me not to go to see "Kadosh" -- but who ever listens to one's mother? <br /><br />I was so turned off by it while I was watching I thought I must have lost my feminist credentials on the way into the theater so I checked with card-carrying feminists the next day. No they also thought it was much more an anti-Orthodox screed than a pro-feminist statement painting the Orthodox as equal to the Taliban.<br /><br />While this Israeli movie is careful to show that the sect the story is about is the ultimate ultra-Orthodox Messianists it is so nasty as to be unbelievable (plus that the non-fanatic Orthodox rock-'n'-roller(!) one of the sisters is in love with is incredibly sexy--even in Israel that must be fantasy).<br /><br />The theater was quite crowded so there's a pent-up curiosity to see Israeli movies; too bad this vicious movie is the one getting wide distribution. This was almost enough to drive me back to insipid Hollywood romantic movies. <br /><br />(originally written 4/29/2000)
critique6996 Suffice it to say that this substandard B has nothing to save it - not an interesting plot or even one tolerably decent actor. Josh Leonard of Blair Witch fame does little to help matters. Do yourself a favor and leave this one on the shelf at your local video store.
critique6997 Shot in my former home town by a couple of college kids this movie centers around some freak named "luther". Luther recently paroled (revealed to us by an arguing parole board in one of the most laughably scenes of all time) runs amuck at the local Kroger grocery by eating an old woman's neck with his metal teeth.<br /><br />Luther runs to farm where he eats a guy steals a car ties up an old woman and gets chased and gets killed. Oh and the chick from the SUPERBOY tv show gets naked.
critique6998 I'm just throwing in this review to show that I'm not crazy -- I like a lot of Wynorski's work -- Deathstalker 2 Chopping Mall Against the Law are fast-paced and highly enjoyable -- just to prove I'm not blind I have to mention this along with some Shannon Tweed "Body Chemistry 3 or 4 or something" are the lousy ones -- I've got nothing against drawn-out sex sequences but Julie Strain's breasts are so unnatural looking you can't help but stare at them - which may be the desired effect but I didn't enjoy staring at them -- and several members of this cast seem depressed or disinterested -- The "erotic thriller" was the worst thing to happen to low-budget flicks ever and thank God that their day has more-or-less done.
critique6999 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique7000 For the life of me I can not understand the blind hype and devotion to this totally unbelievable movie......and I think I have the qualifications to say so.... I am a former Special Operations soldier with 14 years in the "lifestyle" ... This movie was totally totally unreal and obviously written by someone that did very little research into life in the Army in combat or at a team or platoon level.<br /><br />Three EOD guys trouncing around Bagdad on their own????? Get Real... No chain of command????? Get Real... EOD clearing buildings??? Get Real....EOD/ Military Intelligence / Sniper qualified buck sergeant???? Get Real.... Wait... I shot and killed a bad guy and then let two guys take me without firing another shot or being injured at all???? Get Real....I carjack an Iraqi civilian while I am only armed with a 9 mil break into another civilians house get punked by his wife then make it back to camp on foot in the middle of Bagdad at night without as so much as a scratch or confrontation???? Get Real...<br /><br />There is absolutely no adherence to military protocol {Army} and no resemblance at all to any Army unit that I have even encountered. Totally unbelievable and disrespectful to the men and women of EOD who contrary to this poor film are not wild adrenaline seeking yahoos but extremely qualified professionals doing an incredibly hard job.
critique7001 Saw this piece of work at a film fest in CA. My god what was the director thinking? Film professors should use this film as a case study on what NOT to do when making a short film. First off this project makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. The film takes place partially in "The Waystation" some stupid vapid bar in the middle of nowhere where nothing really takes place.<br /><br />THe acting is beyond bad. So bad in fact that I almost thought it was a comedy. The lead actress Julia Reading is a step below the acting in most amateur porn films. There is one or two decent performances including the guys who played Jacob and Fenner but it's like the director had no clue on how to work or use his thespians. The only thing worse than the acting was the dialogue which bordered on absurd. The writer (whom I assume is also the director) writes each character like they are auditioning for a comic book villain.<br /><br />The overall production value is pretty good but to be honest with a film this bad it's easy to overlook it. The production design is pretty good although the Waystation looks like any ordinary bar. The costumes and make-up are okay and I understand the production was working with a low budget. It's just when the characters speak or they try and push the plot forward the film unravels into a muck of crap.<br /><br />As I've said this film is god awful. It's like the director/writer watched a lot of sci-fi films and threw all the parts he liked into a blender and came up with this. My only hope is that he used other people's money on this because if he used his own he's a total sucker.
critique7002 This film promised a lot so many beautiful and well playing actors but with a plot that had virtually NOTHING to say. So many potentially promising conflicts between the family members that could have been developed and elaborated but it was all dropped and not taken care of. There was no story to be told just a show off of acting technique beautiful scenes - that were all EMPTY. But again the acting was excellent so many of the individual scenes were entertaining but as you became increasingly aware of the lack of underpinning ideas even the acting lost its sense. So from the promising start you became increasingly disappointed as the non-story went along.
critique7003 Jude law gives Keanu Reeves a run for his money as the most wooden actor around Renee Z's character is straight out of the Beverly Hillbillies and the two leads have about as much chemistry as Darth Vader and Queen Amedala. The "bad guys" are the worst kind of cliche and there's not a subtle moment in the film. Incredible that some critics actually liked this movie.
critique7004 PROBLEM CHILD is one of the worst movies I have seen in the last decade! This is a bad movie about a savage boy adopted by two parents but he gets into trouble later. That Junior can drive Grandpa's car. He can scare people with a bear. He can put a room on fire! It is a bad movie as much as BATTLEFIELD EARTH. A sequel is an even worse fate. Rent CHICKEN RUN instead.<br /><br />*1/2 out of **** I give it.
critique7005 Almost from the word go this film is poor and lacking conviction but then again most people would struggle to show commitment to a script as uninspiring as this. The dialogue really does not flow and sometimes as in this case more is less (or should have been). This is also backed-up by odd scenes (e.g. the Cemetry slow-motion walk) that you think might lead somewhere but only seem to waste a few more seconds of your life.<br /><br />The plot is a strange combination of gangster / situation comedy which I am sure seemed a good idea at the time but if ever there was a case for someone needing to be honest with the scriptwriter then here was it.<br /><br />Martin Freeman is okay but then he seems to have one character which always plays so I am beginning to wonder if he was given a script or just filmed and told to react as normal.<br /><br />Finally - humour. This reminds me of the 'Python (I think) quote about Shakespere of his 'comedies' - If he had meant it to be humorous he would have put a joke in it. Well I didn't see one.<br /><br />Don't waste your time - I did because I was watching it with a friend and kept hoping that it was going to get better.<br /><br />It didn't.
critique7006 I don't normally feel much of an incentive to comment on films I don't like but in a case like this one I just have to say something. This movie is terrible illogical and stupid. There are so many flaws in the storytelling that I don't even feel obliged to elaborate on because it's time for me to move on from this experience. The most annoying point is however that at no point in the film does anyone explain whether the motivations for Bacon's character's madness are due to a power trip or a physiological reaction to his condition.<br /><br />Granted the special effects are impressive and in the past Paul Verhoeven has done some good stuff (the director's cut of Robocop on DVD is great). However this movie is stupid and generally doesn't come near to explaining the point or technical aspect of the subject matter and instead settles for predictable action without any enjoyment.<br /><br /> In short as many other reviews here say (wish I had read them before...) - Stay away from this film!
critique7007 This movie is another one on my List of Movies Not To Bother With. Saw it 40 years ago as an adolescent stayed up late to do so was very annoyed to find that it was about 95% romance4% everything else 1% history if that. It's what I call a bait and switch movie one with an interesting title the actual movie is a scam. This is a subject which deserves a good cinematic treatment this movie is almost an insult to those who served. The actual members of the Lafayette Escadrille were not on the run from the law nor were they the products of abusive homes they were in reality idealists who wanted to do something to help France. And I suspect many of them came from a more upper class background than Tab Hunter's character. Flying school is not for the smart alecks and the know it alls an individual such as the one portrayed here wouldn't have lasted two days it would have either been the stockade or the infantry. Discipline in the French Army was often rather fierce. In short another Hollywierd version of an historical episode that deserves proper treatment.
critique7008 I caught this on Showtime tonight and was amazed by how a movie with such a interesting premise could wind up being so unbelievably awful. WHO'S YOUR DADDY? stars Brandon Davis as an adopted high school senior Chris Hughes a geek who inherits the heir to a porn empire left to him by his biological parents. Though the premise sounds like the movie could be a lot of fun it is ruined by inept directing from first-time director Andy Fickman a clichÃƒÂ©d and predictable screenplay and acting that is even bad by direct-to-video standards. Even the normally funny Charlie Talbert turns in a surprisingly dismal performance as the best friend. Ali Landry is the only good part of this lame and unfunny dud. 1/10
critique7009 I never heard of this film til it played as part of a Robert Mitchum retrospective at the National Film Theatre in London. Almost 60 years on the cast list looked tasty to say the least with seven names - in addition to top-billed Mitchum - in the public domain; Charles McGraw not long off The Killers Barbara Bel Geddes long before Dallas and arguably still better known as the daughter of Theatre Set Designer Norman Walter Brennan who needed no introduction Frank Faylen the sadistic male nurse in The Lost Weekend and the much nicer small-town mensch in It's A Wonderful Life Robert Preston still a decade away from Harold Hill in The Music Man with Tom Tully and Phyllis Thaxter making up the numbers. Alas most of them were wasting their time. I looked in vain for any 'signature' scenes given that it was Robert Wise on bullhorn. By this time he'd made around a half dozen films and had still to find a style. The story is our old friend the range war and Mitchum must have thought it was barely a cut above the Hopalong Cassidy oaters on which he'd cut his teeth. There are no new twists - if you don't count the unbelievable scene when Mitchum accuses Preston of sleeping with Thaxter to gain information about her father's plans to move his cattle. This is perfectly true but how did Mitchum KNOW? We've seen or heard nothing to indicate how he discovered it. On balance not a lot to be said for this.
critique7010 Repugnant Bronson thriller. Unfortunately it's technically good and I gave it 4/10 but it's so utterly vile that it would be inconceivable to call it "entertainment". Far more disturbing than a typical slasher film.
critique7011 What happens when you give a homeless man $100000? As if by asking that question they are somehow morally absolved of what is eventually going to happen. The creators of "Reversal of Fortune" try to get their voyeuristic giggles while disguising their antics as some kind of responsible social experiment.<br /><br />They take Ted a homeless man in Pasadena and give him $100000 to see if he will turn his life around. Then with only the most cursory guidance and counseling they let him go on his merry way.<br /><br />What are they trying to say? "Money can't buy you happiness?" "The homeless are homeless because they deserve to be?" Or how about "Lift a man up - it's more fun to watch him fall from a greater altitude." They took a man with nothing to lose gave him something to lose and then watched him dump it all down the drain. That's supposed to be entertainment? They dress this sow up with some gloomy music and dramatic camera shots but in the end it has all the moral high ground of car crash videos - only this time they engineered the car crashes and asked "What happens when you take down a stop sign?"
critique7012 Sorry not good.<br /><br />It starts out interesting but looses its way a few minutes into the movie.<br /><br />It does not help a lot that none of the normally great actors (Quaid Glover Ermey Leto etc.) delivers a really good performance. <br /><br />It might be owed to the fact that I saw a dubbed version (german) but Dennis Quaid's character was especially wooden and annoying and Danny Glover does not really make for a believable villain. Moreover Jared Leto's character does not really contribute to the story whatsoever (except saving one main character's life at one point but that scene is as necessary as a windshield wiper on a submarine in the first place ;-)<br /><br />Speaking of unnecessary scenes - the main complaint is really the tangled and clichÃƒÂ©-ridden storyline: The detective (of course!) has to settle a personal matter with the villain and is (of course!) suspended from his official duties courtesy of his personal entanglement. The killer (of course!) *wants* to be tracked down and plays a cat-and-mouse game with his opponent for years ... I don't know how many movies build on a similar plot - most of them better however.<br /><br />The plot has got holes galore and many completely unbelievable and unnecessary scenes that do not contribute to or work well with the storyline at all (e.g. the truck stop scene or the car at the cliff's edge etc.)<br /><br />To top it off the ending tries to be original and exciting but fails completely in these regards. We've seen *much* better finales with a similar kind of ultimate-battle-on-a-train-in-a-forlorn-winter-landscape setup ... In the end there is the supposedly moving reunion of parent and child ... hokey at the least.
critique7013 Words cannot begin to describe how blandly terrible this movie is. I wish it were "so bad it's good" but it's not. It's just dull lifeless and boring. It's so bad I couldn't even laugh at it.<br /><br />In response to other posters Anne-Marie Frigon is not the highlight of the movie. The only person less charismatic is the director Brett Kelly who as a true statement on vanity cast himself as the male lead. They both look like inbreeds sister and brother.<br /><br />The gal Sherry Thurig is a looker. The complete opposite of Anne-Marie - attractive. This girl is tall and willowy and can act. Although you can tell she's holding back.<br /><br />All the actors seem to be holding back especially the supporting male Mark. I've seen less wood in a rain forest but he's still better than Kelly. Why would Kelly keep his actors from acting? Is he really that bad a director? Everyone else has summed the story up perfectly - there isn't one. Kids are kidnapped and Kelly steps in poo to solve the crime. I know how he felt stepping in the poo it's how I felt after watching his movie.<br /><br />Yes I tried to get my money back from the rental store. This is a home movie best left to be seen by the friends of the director (and if you search them out you'll see those same friends were the one who gave the movie positive marks).
critique7014 Watching this stinker constitutes cruel and unusal punishment at the hands of Sandler. Truly a slow and painful death.<br /><br />'Bought the DVD in the $5.88 bin at Wal Mart. But the thought that keeps echoing in my head is "How can I get my money back?"<br /><br />The most unforgivable thing about the movie is that the boat JUST DOES NOT SINK!<br /><br />Best constructive suggestion: Mystery Comedy Theatre. You know that show on the SciFi Channel in which some guy and his muppet-machines spoof the most unwatchable horror flicks (Mystery Science Theatre). IMMEDIATELY spin off a comedy program and feature this flick. Without a good humorous spoof of this train wreck I fear that viewers may actually begin following Sandler with ice picks and chainsaws.<br /><br />
critique7015 I found myself very caught up in this movie at least at the beginning and any credit I give to this movie is Lacey Chabert she was fantastic!! But thats where it ends. I seem to be very good at figuring out who the killer is and I like it when a movie is able to completely baffel me but I felt out and out lied to they whole time they lead you in one direction and then suddenly they decided to go in a completely different direction at the end they gave no hit to it at all thats not misleading that very bad writing and planning someone did not think at all!<br /><br />I felt the movie would have been much better if they had stuck to the plot that the lead you on they also seemed to not answer anything why did Jane(maria) burn down the professor's house.<br /><br />Its a great pity as I felt it started out as a relatively good movie.
critique7016 The Wind. Easily one of the worst films ever made. The only good that comes from this kind of pointless drivel is the fact that seeing films like this get distribution makes indy horror filmmakers like me confident that my upcoming feature will make the cut too. I mean if this represents the market for indy horror I could make a fortune videotaping myself taking out the garbage for 83 minutes. <br /><br />A complete list of what this film lacks would take way too long to write out. But the highlites are: no story terrible acting awful cinematography and virtually no editing. That last one bothered me the most. As an editor myself this film drove me absolutely crazy because it had almost no editing at all. Every scene was shot in a master. They had absolutely no coverage at all. For anyone who doesn't know..."coverage" is shooting a scene from multiple angles to have cutting options when editing to make for a desirable viewing experience. Yeah this movie had none of that. I'm talking about even the simplest of scenes. Example: an ordinary conversation scene between two people sitting at a table would typically start out with a master establishing who's in the scene and where they are. Then as the conversation goes on you would cut back and forth to over-the-shoulder shots as the conversation continues. You may even throw in a cutaway shot or two of something on the table or in someone's hand. Anything. This is "Film 101" stuff guys. It seems as though these people had no idea this is how films work. Every shot was a camera lock-down. No movement no cutting no nothing. If I was teaching a course in filmmaking this would be the visual aid for my "What not to do" lesson.<br /><br />In closing don't waste your time folks. The only amazing this about this film is that it ever scored distribution at all.<br /><br /> <br /><br />
critique7017 This was truly horrible. Bad acting bad writing bad effects bad scripting bad camera shots bad filming bad characters bad music bad editing bad casting bad storyline bad ... well you get the idea. It was just just ... what's the word? Oh yeah ... BAD!
critique7018 I am a huge Amy Adams fan and have been for many years. I am also a big fan of musicals. With that said this is not a good movie on any level. It is quite dull and the acting overall is very very poor. Amy Adams is awkward to watch act with Scott G. Anderson due to the fact that she is in another league when it comes to acting. All the performances come off as very amateur. The music performances are pleasant but nothing special. <br /><br />Scott G. Anderson is just an bad actor! I assumed he was put in this movie because he has a great voice but it's just not the case. He has an average voice and sings on key but that's about it.<br /><br />I guess I can see why Amy Adams did this movie with the singing element I just wish she had not. I could rant about other poor elements of this movie but I'll leave it at that.
critique7019 Hey I'm a fan of so-bad-so-good movies but there's nothing so-bad-so-good about Rise Of The Undead. It's just so-bad and that's it. No redeeming cheese no unintentional humor nothing! - boring apocalyptic Zombie (The "Undead" : a few people with hardly any make up) nonsense with lame special effects (if you can call those effects) dumb plot and annoying actors. They also have the nerve to rip off and quote from other (better) movies (Resident Evil Dawn Of The Dead & Night Of The Comet) and managed to put me to sleep on the side. However it was Rise Of My Eyelids once the end credits rolled though. My advice: save your money. It's not even worth a rental unless you want to p*ss off and/or put some people to sleep then go ahead and give it a spin. You've been warned ;)
critique7020 I like British humor I believe it's one of the best in the world. I like almost every British sitcom (okay... maybe not Monthy Python some of the jokes were great but some of them I didn't understand.) but this League of Gentlemen is just something good to make you sick. This show was good in some way; it helped me lost some weight because watching this piece of garbage make me feel I'm not hungry anymore. This is really just disgusting sick and not even funny TV show and I wonder who is actually laughing at this stuff. I watched it for about 10 minutes and turned it off. It was so disgusting watching men dressed in the woman with yellow teeth and urinating on the car... I mean... what's so funny about that??? It makes me wanna puke. No humor just disturbing images and cheap toilet laughs... I don't know... if you like this stuff... you go ahead... watch it... but to be honest people watching and enjoying this must have some emotional problems. Garbage.
critique7021 When I noticed that "Hamish Macbeth" was being broadcast in the United States I was thrilled. I then had the misfortune to watch the darn thing. I adore M. C. Beaton's books about the wonderful Scottish Constable. The characters in the book are entertaining and very well-written. The powers that be who are responsible for this mish-mash apparently have never have read one of Beaton's books. Only the name "Hamish Macbeth" has anything to do with the series. Besides the lack of familiar characters I find the whole show offensively loud. It seems that the actors feel they must shout their lines and scream at each other. If you love M. C. Beaton's adorable Hamish Macbeth don't waste your time on this rubbish.
critique7022 One of my favorite "bum" actors C. Tom Howell stars in this tepid remake of WOTW. He runs around a lot while a CGI-generated spider-like machine goes around killing everyone. The budget for this one obviously was pretty low. It also was one of The Asylum productions. Have you seen any of those? Yikes! I am not sure why anyone would have made this while the big-budget Spielberg version was slaying them at the box office. And if truth be told neither version is all that hot. The George Pal version from the 1950s remains the best representation of the H.G. Wells novel primitive special effects and all. Perhaps because Gene Barry was much more convincing in the lead than Howell or Tom Cruise.
critique7023 Piece of junk would've given it a 0 if I could have. Animation is good but not quite good enough. Storyline is absolutely THE most ridiculous I've ever come across and that's saying a lot! This 'movie' tried so hard to be interesting but failed miserably. It's almost as if the writer started one story then got another idea and attempted to mesh the two together. Don't waste your time on this; believe me you'll be as ticked off with yourself as I was. The only actor of any note in this was James Woods and his part was peripheral at best. I'm all for doing stuff that is edgy that pushes the envelopes but this simply didn't cut it.
critique7024 Five Fingers is so bad that I hardly know where to begin. So let me admit first that I have only seen the first half hour. When the first finger had been chopped off I thought sleeping a more useful activity. I told my girlfriend the meaning of "five fingers" and she immediately followed my example.<br /><br />Couldn't the producer the director and/or the scriptwriter consult a chess-amateur? Like me? They should have used a digital chess-clock and not an analogue. This major goof makes the mental pressure put on Martijn just a laugh. How when and why did Martijn date a Moroccan girlfriend? Such an affair is very rare in The Netherlands.<br /><br />Calling me a retard is of course an insult to all those people suffering with a much lower than average IQ. Moreover as far as I know retards don't play chess. I do.<br /><br />The biggest problem is the script of course. Just compare the little intelligent movie Hard Candy. To keep the spectator in a grip the information must be revealed bit by bit. A nice twist now and then also helps. I understood from other reviews that there is a big one at the end of the movie. Any smart person can guess what it is. This of course just raises more questions - why is the travel guide killed? Oh my why should I even care? The whole movie focuses on just one thing: the chopped fingers. The makers have not even learned Hitchcock's lesson: it is thrilling to get a bomb exploded. It is more thrilling to show that bomb ticking. But no we don't see the paper-cutter until the impossible countdown is over. I will not waste more words on this crap. Go see Hard Candy.
critique7025 Close but no cigar! - that's what my opinion of this film is! TAG PURVIS both wrote and directed this script which should have gone through a re write before shooting. At times laughable because or a corny script this film's shining star is Dan Mongomery Jr and the Director of Photography. Both of these talents are ones to watch out for in the future. My recommendation is to wait until it hits your local cable station and use the rental money on a classic!
critique7026 I ticked the "contains spoiler" box in case I say anything that is a spoiler and don't realise I've said it until I re-read it after I've posted. So it's just in case.<br /><br />Anyhow back to reviewing this film.<br /><br />I saw this film on skymovies earlier on this afternoon and by the description Sky gives you (these people must be on acid) it sounded pretty good but then when I actually got about 30 minutes into it I was appalled. This film in my opinion has the worst scriptwriting and actors/actresses - ever. The young girl who falls in love with the boy from L.A after about 3 hours is a really stupid lame character who has an annoying whiney voice and boff hair. -.-. Then there's her lover who's an idiot and is also very whiney. Actually maybe they suit each other. Then there's the boy's mum who's with him on holiday and surprise surprise - she's a doctor and - oh my god wait there's even more unsuspected surprises! A virus suddenly breaks out on the island and she knows all about viruses! =O. SHOCK HORROR! Yeah right. Lol. Then there's this insane religious lad who keeps going on about "'erbs" or something and how the Lord knows all. Everyone on the island seems to love him yet he's actually a stubborn arrogant steroid-pumped (you really need to watch this film just for the scene where he comes out of the sea after a swim his head is like tiny and his body is MASSIVE. it's hilarious) buffoon who's had way too much to drink.<br /><br />Anyhow after all these weirdo characters including a stoned-looking taxi driver the religious lad finally gives in to the doctor and she takes a blood sample and they get straight to work on finding the cure from that because for some reason he's dramatically been saved all down to "'erbs and God". AND OH MY GOD. YES THERE'S ANOTHER Surprise!! YOU'LL NEVER GUESS WHAT!! Just in the nick of time with 11 minutes to go before everybody on the island drops dead in-fact including her son and his girl she finds the cure and injects everybody and it's all resolved!!! What a pathetic film. I mean I knew it sounded an obvious ending from when I first started watching it but I actually though it'd be good and have some sub-plot twists somewhere but no-no it was just boring and dry.<br /><br />Don't watch this film. You'll end up like me - stunned for 3 hours and then demanding the hour and a half you spent of your life watching it back.
critique7027 Someone here actually compared this movie in some ways to High Noon. Now that is a real stretch! I'm a big Sinatra fan including some of his acting roles but maybe the only person who could have played this part would have been Don Knotts. First off as someone pointed out Sinatra just doesn't have the build for a Western bad-guy wannabe. He's just too 'slight' at this point in his life. Maybe he was about the same height as say Audie Murphy but Murphy had a pretty solid build. Sinatra comes across as the big talking little kid who nobody ought to take seriously.<br /><br />The story is uninspired and really not credible. I don't want to spoil it but I think the ending and how the townspeople react in this story doesn't make any sense. Another thing these people constantly allow themselves to be completely lorded over by some 'bad guy'. This is just a little town so I don't get the attraction nor do I understand why the people would let themselves be dominated that way.<br /><br />There is a 'love interest' in the story and if I followed it right she was upset when the main character refused to admit who he was so some other bad guy wouldn't kill him. Now there's true love for you. 'Stand up for yourself! Tell him your name so he will kill you!' LOL. Stop you're killing me.<br /><br />Unfortunately the basic premise of the movie isn't good enough and no matter how they tried this story didn't have a logical path to follow other than into the wastebasket. Want to know why it's not on video and never shown on TV? The critics apparently panned it in 1956 and they were right - this movie is pretty bad. I would almost bet Sinatra paid someone to deep six the thing as much as possible.<br /><br />You want to see a good Western where a town stands up against a bad guy? Try Tension at Table Rock or At Gunpoint - two really really good Westerns with that theme. Johnny Concho is Johnny Stinko. Frank you were the greatest singer ever - but you didn't belong in a movie like this.
critique7028 From the first moment this "thing" is just an awful sequence of extremely short cuts of blurry camera work. While the overall plot has every potential for a thriller the story is so badly told that I'm unable to buy it. From the middle of the film the actions of characters don't make sense to me. Stop reading now to avoid SPOILERS.<br /><br />For instance Ed's idea to have Edna make coffee for them after having shot off her son's arm is way below his alleged experience; it's just an extremely stupid idea. Domino not questioning the fragmentary orders she receives from Claremont Williams over a breaking-up phone connection just eludes me; shouldn't she be long suspicious that Williams is turning them in? Those FBI agents seem out of their minds showing up with just one single helicopter to something they have every reason to consider a capital mafia shoot-out. Besides what they do by withholding and leaking information towards Cigliutti is pretty much incitement to murder; it seems to me like farewell to justice if that's they way the FBI does investigations. In reality they'd have a case messed up beyond repair if they acted like this. We get to see a car accident which normally would have at least seriously injured if not killed most of the passengers but miraculously leaves all of them with just a few bruises. Quite the contrary the accident is immediately followed by Domino making love to Choco which is from Domino's viewpoint in no way founded by previous events but just by being drugged to the eyeballs.<br /><br />The whole sequence of scenes starting from the phone call of Claremont Williams appears to me just as want-to-be dramatic razzle-dazzle. This combined with the awful uneasy camera work just makes a piece I hesitate to call a movie. I'm sorry for the wasted effort of the main actors whose talent is out of question.
critique7029 ******Spoilers within******* What a dull predictable non-scary snore-fest. The movie had no character development: I felt no empathy towards any of the characters (except may be the small boy) and did not care what happened to any of them. The movie had so many clichÃƒÂ©d bits or elements stolen from other horror movies.<br /><br />The movie was so predictable. Many times I would be saying to myself "Let me guess {fill in guess} happens next?" Yup I was right. Even in the opening scene I predicted that the "attack" on the family was by some man probably the father (because only the wife and children were attacked). Sure enough that is what happened (of course you have to wait 79 minutes to find out for sure). And of course another "evil man" scenario. Why was he evil and killing his family? Because he's a man duh!<br /><br />As someone else stated this movie may be scary for someone under 13 years of age or for a movie from the 1970's but it is FAR from being a 'scary' movie by todays standards. AND like so many other crap horror movies a lot of the scares were "fakes". Scary music Scary music Scary music and.....A crow suddenly flies at the window! Wow scary!<br /><br />How did the old bank guy manage a few times to walk across an open lot without the father seeing him? I thought for sure that the old man was a ghost. Nope just a crappy movie.<br /><br />I rated this movie a 2 out of 10 because it did keep my attention enough to sit through the whole thing.
critique7030 I really wanted to see this film - I thought the plot was really unique and intriguing. A cop (Andy Garcia) has a son who is dying and needs bone marrow replacement in order to live. The only match is a convicted serial killer who escapes from jail. To save his son he has to track down the killer.<br /><br />Michael Keaton plays the convict in one of many disappointing aspects of the film. Keaton is a great actor at times but here he is pretty much boring. It's over-the-top to the point where you just stop caring.<br /><br />Garcia is better but tries too hard for a film that isn't up to par. Barbet Schroeder (at one time such a promising director with films like "Barfly" that amounted to pretty much nothing in the American market) directs well enough - I honestly thought the script was the culprit here...it's just a big mess.<br /><br />The film ultimately wastes a lot of good material good actors and a good director - all because of a faulty script. What should have been a tense and thought-provoking film is just a Hollywood action dud.
critique7031 If this movie was written directed and produced with the intention of creating a bad movie cult classic it might (i say might) have been a hit. Have you ever sat and watched a movie that was so absolutely awful that it becomes fascinating in terms of its faults? Well this is it. Every one of the acting cast should be nominated for worst acting performance awards. It would be hard to find another film with this kind of production budget that contains so little of any value whatsoever. The whole thing from the opening scenes defies logic. Dialogue is completely unbelievable and illogical. Ditto for the behaviour and general storyline of the film itself. What is really mind boggling is that some buffoons in a boardroom actually made decisions to spend money on this piece of trash. Wow.
critique7032 Daphne Zuniga is the only light that shines in this sleepy slasher and the light fades quickly. If not her than what other reason to watch this. five college kids are signed up to prepare an old dorm for its due date of demolition. Problems are automatically occurring when a weird homeless man is soliciting and the group are short a few people. Then a killer is on the loose. I honestly wanted to say I was going to enjoy this one. It had a fair set up or maybe that was just Daphne Zuniga in it. The film is too slow and almost as silent as a library. Most of the acting is below average and the "point-of-view" moments are so old news. Acclaimed composer Christopher Young of such films as "Hellraiser" and "Entrapment" scored this in a repetitive cue line that was better made for a TV movie. Still it seems higher than the movie deserves. So other than Young and Zuniga this one scrapes the bottom of the barrel.
critique7033 If you have few expectations then this will entertain for 90 minutes. My problem is that they've dumbed down this tale for the modern audience. Highwaymen are already sexy exciting characters. They don;t need the techno soundtrack and snappy dialogue.
critique7034 The movie deserves 2/10. 1.5 stars for the girl (I'm sorry I'm biased i think pretty girl is the only highlight of the movies) and 0.5 for the fact that it is shorter than Azumi 1. I watched Azumi 1 and 2 in 1 seating. I amazed myself being able to sit through it. <br /><br />Lets talk about the plus points of the movie. The girl. Ueto Aya is cute. Thats all there is to salvage the whole movie. The fact is if the main character was male i am sure that most people (including me) would not have touched the movie at all. <br /><br />Now lets talk about the minus points. Firstly it is real draggy with lots and lots of repeated scenes. Scenes of Nachi and Azumi keeps coming back. It seems more like a drama way of shooting. Typical Japanese dramas love flashbacks and this movie too. Secondly the movie is too unrealistic in a historical setting. I do not mind unrealistic movies. But this movie is like a poor way of showing creativeness by throwing in ninjas that act like bears and spider webs etc... it reminds me of Shinobi though Shinobi is a movie with a fantasy setting. Moreover to portray "i-don't-know" what effect the director films people dying with blood spraying (literally) all around... people not realizing their head was cut off... etc.. etc... etc... Too many of these spoils the show. It seems like the anime influence is strong in this movie. It degrades the show greatly. Thirdly Isn't Azumi supposed to be an assassin. She seems more like an one-man-army to me just that she is a female. I don't think you see assassins charging into army camps. The only time i felt she acted "assassin-liked" was when she killed the Kiyomasa Kato at the end of Azumi 1. Lastly the plot was thin in both movies. Its a linear plot with no development and surprises in any way.
critique7035 Pathetic. This is what happens when director comes to work just because someone is paying him to. <br /><br />The intentions were good great locations and settings for a film of epic proportions. But the performance damn! I swear in some shots you can see extras on the background staring in the camera or looking at the actors because no one told them what they should do when they hear "Action!". The battle scenes are so bad you wonder - are these people for real? They could've done more damage just by hugging each other. In the slow-mo scenes you can see people on battle field walking around or just standing waving their hands. <br /><br />Only action in the foreground is somehow emphasized. But for what? The story is so illogical and discontinuous it seems like random situations in chronological order sometimes not even that. The dialogs are dumb the love plot is more embarrassing and ridiculous than in Hong Kong action movies. <br /><br />With a budget of 40 million and you can see every dollar invested on the screen in best case scenario the final result of all this enormous effort is a shiny round laser disk in the thin cover placed on the shelf in video store.
critique7036 i found this Robin Williams vehicle mildly amusing at best.i guess you would call it a political satire of sorts.it's about a political talk show host/comedian who decides to run for president and unexpectedly wins.i found most of the humour dry myselfand Robin Williams is much more restrained and sedate than usual.i would say the movie is more of a drama than a comedywith a bit of mystery and suspense.i think the dramatic parts worked better than the comedy partsand the mystery and suspense aspect(though that's a small part of the movie)worked the best.stilli wouldn't rate this movie very high.for meit was an OK waste of 2 hoursbut nothing special.my best advice would be to catch it on TV/cable or rent it cheap firstbefore making a decision on whether to purchase.my vote for Man of The Year is a 4/10
critique7037 I think that my favorite part of this movie the one that exemplifies the sheer pointless stupidity and inanity of the proceedings comes at the climax of the film. DOCTOR TED NELSON and his unmarried friend the Sheriff have finally cornered the Melting Man on a landing on some stairs in an electrical generating plant. Keep in mind that Nelson has been looking for the MM for nearly the entire film and that the MM has killed and eaten several people at this point (including his boss) and Nelson is very aware that MM is violently insane and hungry for human flesh and blood.<br /><br />So the Sheriff has his gun pointed at MM who is and I give the movie and Rick Baker props for this the most disgusting and terrifying object in human form that we have ever seen. And he yells a very important question to DOCTOR TED NELSON: "WHAT DO WE DO NOW?!?!?" <br /><br />The camera cuts over to DOCTOR TED NELSON and it's obvious that Ted has no idea what to do next. Apparently Ted was so intent on the problem of FINDING the Melting Man he never thought to bring along some restraining devices a lasso or straitjacket or a net or some tranquilizer darts or maybe a New Age tape by Vangelis to soothe the savage beast.<br /><br />So the sheriff panics and shoots the Melting Man goes berserk and hilarity ensues. <br /><br />Maybe this explains why NASA has been screwing around with the Space Shuttle program in sub-lunar space for the last 30 years instead of going back to the Moon or out to Mars like everyone knows they OUGHT to be doing. I dunno.<br /><br />Anyway that's the kind of lousy lazy writing and direction that undercuts every aspect of this movie. It's hard to say how good the actors actually are because the movie has complete contempt for their characters.<br /><br />Two other incredibly painful sequences also ramp up the stupidity of the proceedings: There is a scene featuring the lumpiest old couple in the world trying to steal lemons from a grove only to be torn apart by the Melting Man. This scene is a nadir in 70s cinema. I can guarantee you've never watched a more pointless and irritating setup with odder looking people in your entire life. And the Melting Man's assault on the lady who lives in the house where they keep a horse who pees on the walls defies every attempt to process it.(BTW I think famous film director Jonathon Demme has a walk-on in this scene as the redneck husband who goes in first to check on the house and never comes out again). The only thing that keeps the actress from literally chewing the scenery is that as I said their horse has apparently been peeing on it. And we are forced to watch her hysterics for at least two minutes longer than any SANE film director would hold the shot. <br /><br />Burr DeBenning ought to beat the crap out of IMM's director and photographer. I remember him from an old Columbo episode where he looked MUCH better than he does here - no one's idea of a leading man but solid and unobtrusive. But no one could possibly be as unappealing in real life as his director makes him look here. <br /><br />Everyone else comes off a little better except for the old couple (and shut up I know they were being played for laughs but I ain't laughing!) but not much. <br /><br />This definitely falls into the 'So Bad You Can't Look Away' category of cinema disasters. Still I'd watch it again before I'd watch a lot of other 70's and 80's abortions ( "Track of The Moonbeast" and "It Lives By Night" come to mind) and MST's coverage of it is great fun so if you get a chance watch the MST version.
critique7038 oh my god i give this film three stars out of ten for the following reasons. the final sequence is once again quite effectively handled and it was absolutely hilarious. that is what it gets those three points for. other than that it was atrocious. it wasnt meant to be this funny that much is obvious but the dubbing the acting of the dubbed voices the dialogue they said where often hilarious. the actions performed and/or not performed also lead to much hilarity and/or throwing things at the screen. such as when the whole town is being slaughtered and one small group of people stand on a balcony looking on as if they were watching a cooking glass or the "attempted" escapes from the church in which they hole up.<br /><br />evil mayor: i think something is going on outside so you should go upstairs and look out the window.<br /><br />hero: ok.<br /><br />evil mayor: now is my chance to make some idiot go outside and flail around with fire being totally ineffective and getting hacked up.<br /><br />insert sequence in which this occurs.<br /><br />evil mayor: damn wait i will get this small child and she will walk outside and cry pappa seemingly obvlious to the fact that those rotten corpses are not just spooky strangers but are actually zombies with no flesh or skin or anything and she will lead them away and i will flee! insert sequence in which this occurs.<br /><br />hero (upstairs): he is trying to escape again fool and he has left the door open he is silly this is a nice view.<br /><br />woman: where is my daughter?<br /><br />hero (downstairs now): i dont know i cannot see her anyway and she was not outside because i could not see her despite her being out there and me having a view of the entire neighbourhood and she is standing right outside where on earth could she be?<br /><br />needless to say anybody would be throwing things at the screen after 10 minutes of this. so watch the first film with a couple of friends having a few drinks and make sure by the time you get to watching this one you are absolutely blindly drunk and can just giggle at the stupidity of it all. and there wasnt even any decent gore such a shame.
critique7039 What a despairing film. Dress actors in furry rags place in suburban wasteland set cameras rolling and hope for the best. One can only imagine e the thanks the cast gave when their characters were killed off by sockpuppets thus sparing them further humiliation in this dullfest. This rivals Monster a go-go as the best cure for insomnia ever made. Oh God - how can I fill up 10 lines explaining how overwhelmingly bored everybody looks in this movie? Whiney crappy plastic bungling robot who annoys everybody both on and off screen Giant spider reduced to a single giant hairy leg pulled by string actors desperately trying not to look at the camera while mumbling off dialogs...
critique7040 Awful waste of time. There is no camp or trash value in this one. Seen better amateur movies done by 10 to 12 years old kids in movie clubs.<br /><br />How on earth someone can spoil movie about vampires and lesbians? <br /><br />It's not a movie to put together a few vampire / sadomasochism enthusiast in a same room and just shoot it.<br /><br />Could not find anything good about the film. There was no plot no real actors no real special effects no humor. A few overweight Goths touching each other cannot be called a sex scene. Nothing at all.<br /><br />Well cemetery was nice but one should shot a vampire movie during dark. <br /><br />Purpose was probably good: make a trash movie in a spirit of Ed Wood. Problem is that one cannot make a bad movie intentionally. It takes talent and an effort to make a "real" movie. Ed Wood might have lacked money but he sure had effort. These guys lacked everything. Ed Wood was a genius compared to these guys.
critique7041 This is just what we need a show about the people nobody likes in high school or in university. Man or Woman. People objectifying others and congratulating themselves for doing so is exactly the opposite of intelligent thinking. And this show is just disgusting for doing exactly that.<br /><br />So four men sit in chairs and watch two other guys try and pick up women to have sex with them. And in the end one of the two wins great...just f-n great. I'm also supposed to accept these four douche bags as being "judges" of people's "Game". The term "game" has got to be the most moronic thing to come out of modern English since the term "Bling Bling" added to the fact that these men are called the "experts" just makes me want to throw up whats left of my respect for modern culture. These are not god damn role models they are the result of MTV culture coming to bite us in the ass. If you enjoy the bullshit spilling out the sides of this monstrosity then you probably think Paris Hilton and Britany Spears have talent. Its not true and you should be ashamed of yourself for thinking so.<br /><br />And for all those people who will say that I would like this better if I got laid or that I'm just jealous. Go screw yourself because its obvious that a REAL girl certainly won't.
critique7042 I found this on the shelf and swooned with joy !! I danced up to the counter slapped down my money and ran home! You know what?! I fell asleep less then half way thru! Tried again the next day...YAWN!! What the heck !?!! I could NOT watch it! I love all the other stuff he's done (I didn't see the one with the monster in it yet). What gives? Is it me? Or him? So sad. Boo hoo. P.S I did like the camera work.
critique7043 This is absolutely the worst comedy I have ever seen. It's hard to explain though because (unless you've seen this) I bet you've never seen a comedy that was not good or bad; it's just there (That's the original part-not good or bad just there)! <br /><br />Let me say that I have seen every comedian appearing in a main role and like them all. That's what makes this such a mystery. The supporting leads are actually acting (although the dialog is bad). The only character that is fairly good is the one played by John Goodman. He does a pretty good job with what little dialog he has and actually has one funny line (I won't spoil the only funny line in the movie in case you decide to watch anyway. It involves a pancake.) The big mysteries are the main leads. I won't call them characters because no characters have been developed. This script is so juvenile that they don't even bother to give the leads fictional names. They all just use their own. They don't even seem to be trying to act. It's as though they are all reading out loud to each other from scripts that the local junior high sent to them. I actually wrote a paper like this for my English class when I was thirteen-it wasn't funny either.<br /><br />Bottom line just don't bother to rent this. It isn't funny. It doesn't even have the kind of bad dialog you can groan to. I just sat there and stared through the whole thing. It was so boring I couldn't even work up any irritation at how bad it was. I can't imagine how this is even getting a rating of 4 here.
critique7044 overrated poorly written badly acted. did the academy even watch this? i guess not. the political content guaranteed it an Oscar nomination -- indo -pak border -- a little boy  terrorism. anything with the word "terrorist" gets attention in<br /><br />this post 9-11 world. its like holocaust movies that are guaranteed an Oscar nomination irrespective of their merits. <br /><br />and please cinematography does not mean shooting landscapes which are pretty in the first place. you have to be a rotten shooter to screw up making the desert pretty. at least this didn't win the Oscar. they got that right at least. would have been a travesty.
critique7045 Mostly uninvolving biblical mumbo-jumbo that drags on for well over two hours. The only thing that saves this film from God's wreath (and there is only one God remember) is the unintentionally funny dialog and a good battle scene which comes far too late in the movie. For most of the two hours until the action scenes there is too much talking; the dialog is so inept that the movie just begs to be spoofed by MST3K.<br /><br />George Sanders is absolutely awful; one of the most animated overly-theatrical performances I've ever seen. Brynner isn't much better; his stiff wooden acting combined with the horrendous fortune-cookie wisdom utterings make for a rather boring and silly Solomon. It seems that every time Brynner opens his mouth something oh-so wise and ridiculously high-and-mighty comes out. To an extent it's not Sanders's and Brynner's fault because of the crappy comical dialog and the typically biblical one-dimensional characterization but they made little effort otherwise. Brynner's accent even reminds a bit of Schwarzenegger's; this is not a plus. Only Lollobrigida manages to avoid embarrassing herself by playing the role with more conviction and in an appropriate way which befits a role in such a silly film. To describe these biblical characters as one-dimensional would be too give them undeserved credit; the characterization is half-dimensional.
critique7046 I never heard of this film when it first came out. It must have sunk immediately. :o) I saw it on cable while sick in hospital so I hardly had enough energy to watch it let alone turn the channel. Better choice than the Style Channel. ;0(. Filmed on location this travelogue should have been on the Travel Channel. The plot is recycled from ship board farces of the thirties and forties. The cast seems to have been recycled from the fifties. Donald O'Connor star of musicals and Edward Mulhare as a card shark. As to the main cast Walter Matthau is still playing the same part as he did in Guys and Dolls or was it the one about the orphan girl? Wiseacre irresponsible gambler and rounder. But it just doesn't take with a man of his age. As to Jack Lemmon he plays his part so straight he can hardly dip and glide when dancing. And as mentioned Dyan Cannon is outstandingly attractive as another swindler sailing with her mother who thinks Walter is rich while he thinks she is rich. Elaine Stritch plays Dyan's mother another retread from the fifties. The most fun is the running feud between Brent Spiner as the domineering and snotty cruise director who immediately spots Walter as a poor dancer and spends his time trying to get him dismissed so he will have to pay for his free passage. In the end though he receives his comeuppances. Meanwhile Jack mopes about meets an attractive woman with mutual attraction but their affair is broken up by Walter's lies that Jack is a doctor when he was actually a retired department store buyer. But finally the two men take to the sea in a rubber boat to intercept her seaplane and all is well. There does not seem to be any principal player under the age of fifty.
critique7047 I love this show. I watched every episode last year. I bought the DVDs. And I tune into to watch tonight and I see for some reason you have retooled this great show. And you have taken what made it work and ruined it. You took one of the best aspects of the show away which was the 4 friends. Sam Sully Lizzy and Piper. I love the other characters as well but they are good in small dozes like Derek Darcy and even Sully. It is like the show lost some of its family and everyone else is trying to hard to fill in. It is overdose. While things are funny in small dozes when you are exposed to it all the time it goes from funny to annoying. I was so looking forward to the return of this show. So please bring back the charm. Even if you could not fit Piper into the show at least bring Lizzy back. But I loved those girls. They brought the fun. The show was about Sam trying to live his business life and handle his personal life and friends as well. That was the charm. And that great dog as well.<br /><br />I hope the network (FOX) forced the writers to do this and the writers did not willingly do this to the show. I will give the show a couple more episodes before I give up but tonight's episodes were bad. I made a big deal out of the show returning tonight and had people over and I felt like a fool because no one was laughing except 2-3 times. I apologized to them and said I don't know what happened. And about 10 minutes into the episode I realized they were not going to show Piper or Lizzy and this was no longer a must see TV comedy.
critique7048 11 years after this film was released only 5 people have reviewed it here on IMDb. There is a reason for this utter lack of interest in Across the Moon. It is coherent but lacks all cinematic virtue. See this film for examples of terrible production in all respects. The opening credits for instance are white letters rising mechanically from a red background. The ending features Michael McKean staring out a prison window saying "There's lots of mysteries out there." followed by a clip montage/music video of all the uplifting moments in the tragically bad movie. Julinana Hatfield. Everything in between is awful. I struggled to find any value in this movie and have come up empty. Though it is hard to believe even a cameo role from Burgess Meridith (always a crowd pleaser) only disappointed me further. This movie is like a mockery of what is special about movies. On paper the movie is below average. Women living together in a trailer. But what actually was produced was nearly unwatchable. The movie attempts to branch off in many directions but never follows through on any. The unappealing conflict of having their boyfriends in jail is never resolved. No conflict is ever resolved. There really is no conflict. The women attempt to become hookers but that never happens. Instead they get jobs as a bartender and a shelf stocker. Sound exciting? IT wasn't. IT was stupid. And the bulk of the movie is the two women talking and generating contrived conflict. The women are capable actresses but the script was beyond poor. Useless. This was a terrible movie but it is even worst that they borough Burgess Meridith out of his retirement home to make it. Bad from start to finish. Like the lion without teeth this film has no bite.
critique7049 I didn't expect a movie as good as "In The Line of Fire" or an episode of "24" but it looked like this movie was made for TV and did a mediocre job at best. The (good) cast couldn't disguise the fact that the plot was all too predictable and actors had to struggle (they really try their best I think) through their lines of bad script giving their rather flat characters any extras. When I watched the movie I got the feeling that I had seen most of this in other (better) movies. In it you had car chases big shootouts romance plot twists etc. etc; This movie has none.<br /><br />** Spoiler** As soon as you see another woman talking into the phone to Cuba's character you know who's behind all this and all the hints you're being given ("you stand too close to the president see it from my perspective.." ) sound silly. <br /><br />If it were up to me (and maybe it's a good thing that it isn't) I would rewrite the plot like this:<br /><br />First lady orders the murder of her husband because she is sick and tired of writing checks to Cuba all the time.
critique7050 I just watched this movie on Starz. Let me go through a few things i thought could have been improved; the acting writing directing special effects camera crew sound and lighting. It also seemed as though the writers had no idea anything that had to do with the movie. Apparently back in 2007 when the dollar was stronger you could buy a super advanced stealth bomber that could go completely invisible for $75 million. Now-a-days those things cost about $3 billion and they cant go invisible. Apparently you can fly from the US to the middle east in an hour. There was a completely random lesbian scene which I didn't mind but it seemed like a lame attempt to get more guys to see it. The camera would randomly zoom in on actors and skip to random scenes. Oh yeah since its a Steven Segal movie its predictable as hell. All in all I rank it right up there with Snakes on a Plane.
critique7051 I fail to understand why anyone would allow a sub-par director to put drivel like this onto celluloid. This movie has already been made at least two other times that were better than this ("Here Comes Mr. Jordan" - 1941 and "Heaven Can Wait" - 1978). The only saving factor for figure skating fans might have been some nice ice skating done by a professional cast of skaters but this just does not happen. The closest thing the audience sees to good skating is when Tara Lipinski's character takes a turn on the ice for a just a moment. Others like Nancy Kerrigan and Elvis Stojko are hidden in the background and do not do any figure skating at all. There is not much real emotion shown and there is not really any reason to tune in to this obviously Made-For-TV Movie. My advice: rent the original.
critique7052 I thought this movie seemed like a case study in how not to make a movie for the most part. Since I am a filmmaker I give it a 2 for consistency.<br /><br />The problems remain from beginning to end with the plot being extremely predictable using bits and pieces of most if not all previous successful war stories. The computer generated graphics were too much like viewing a video game at points and there seemed to be no attempt by the director to add some realistic quality to the story. I was interested in the budget to get an idea of what he had to work with but did not find that information.<br /><br />It seemed like this project pushed the limits of a low budget movie too far resulting in a production that drags the viewer along with the story without their imagination being engaged. The actors weren't bad but the plot needs more innovation.
critique7053 I saw this movie in the theatre and it was a terrible movie. The way Michael Oliver who now turn even worse in the sequel is the biggest intolerance I cannot bare. Junior upset his father because he would not go to school which got his father Ben madly insane. Also the Crazy Dance ride operator is not fair to Junior for not letting him go on the ride. And that Lawanda Dumore is as horrible as a serial killer to Junior because she made threatening insults to Junior which is why I cannot tolerate this movie. Even if the movie is re-released back into theatres in the extended version I still would not see this movie because this movie is not something I can even tolerate. In fact it stinks!
critique7054 A very bad film an amalgam of clichÃƒÂ©s and historical inaccuracies. A few examples: in an early scene Soviet infantry are attacked by the Germans; instead of staying in their trenches to shoot at them they advance into open ground to fight themcontrary to all infantry tactics; Kate one of the central characters is supposedly the daughter of a White Russian and obsessed with her Russianness yet she does not speak Russian; a guilt-stricken German airman attacks an anti-aircraft gun- the gun however does not fire shrapnel shells but scores a direct hit on his 'plane which doesn't look much like a German 'plane of WWII. In fairness when they could escape the preposterous plot and the consequent absurdities there are some genuinely powerful moments- the depiction of people slowly starving to death is convincingly done and moving but these only show up the rest of it even more. A film to be avoided.
critique7055 When a comedy movie boasts its marvelous soundtrack on the back cover you know your not dealing with a top notch movie. I rented this movie with friends expecting to get some chuckles but overall to get most of our laughs off each other making fun of the movie. We couldn't have chosen a worse movie.<br /><br />The movie may have been alright with a few changes. First off the comedy was painful. Physical gags were poorly performed and placed. The fat kid in the movie made us want to kill ourselves bless him for trying scene in and scene out but he was like a puppy begging for love. If he had been pulled from the movie everything might have been bearable. There were some funny jokes I believe one was when the group of boys steal one of the parent's porn movies and it turns out to be gay porn. But to best sum up the comedy I will simply tell the opening gag for the fat kid. He wears a puke stained shirt and talks about not knowing when something is done.<br /><br />To finish off the editor of the movie could have saved the movie by removing the fat kid cutting out 20 minutes of the school scenes and making an ending that is longer than thirty seconds of random bickering.<br /><br />OH BTW there are two good elements that the movie possesses. Kadeem Hardison plays his role wonderfully and performs his jokes so that none are missed or under-appreciated. The other redeeming element to the movie is the beautiful Mrs. Ali Landry. Her character is ignored most of the movie which is a shame.<br /><br />Don't waste your time even renting this one. It didn't appeal to me and I was part of the target audience (18 male).
critique7056 Two films are useful for scaring people to God this and 'Event Horizon'. One has a significant and poignant message the other is as one-dimensional as a religious movie can get. Too bad Paul Anderson went on to the accursed Resident Evil movies he really had something going.<br /><br />Thief in the Night is hampered by many obvious independent film attributes (acting storytelling dialog and persuasion) and it's obvious what the film's intentions are from the start. The Christian film industry hasn't learned from the failures of this so we are stuck with The Omega Code Left Behind and the other Tribulation movies. Their underlying element is that they are so concerned with selling their message: "Get saved folks!" that everything else becomes second to whacking the audience over the head with a Bible.<br /><br />Overall I can't believe I'm even writing this much about a movie this ineffective. Skip it entirely and go back to Sam Neil gouging out his eyeballs. 1 out of 5.
critique7057 My husband wanted to watch this film because the review in the paper said that it was better than Fatal Attraction. Well not liking either Michael Douglas or Glenn Close I would have to agree. Not for conventional reasons though.<br /><br />This is one of those films that needs to be watched late at night when you don't want to watch something that really requires thought but don't want to go to bed yet.<br /><br />Yancy Butler is a really enjoyable bad-guy. She is not the best of actresses in fact she isn't even good but she is perfect for this role in this film. Everyone else in it varies from pine to oak including the slightly disturbing boy who comes across as a warped Pinocchio.<br /><br />SPOILER: The ending goes a step or two too far complete with the clichÃƒÂ© not quite dead up with a roar still gonna get you moment and then there's a shot of Pinocchio with his frozen wooden smirk which makes you wonder if they were going for chilling or just forgot there was botox in the make-up.<br /><br />Regardless it's a hilarious eighty odd minutes and despite being a bad film you would have to be lacking the humour gene to not enjoy it somewhat. Don't pay for it but if you're in that kind of apathetic telly mood then this is just right.
critique7058 Where to begin? <br /><br />#1 Amitabh's son played by Akshaye Khanna is 30.<br /><br />Amitabh's been in prison for 33+ years... he<br /><br />A) Telepathically transmitted the sperm home?<br /><br />B) Asked a nice Pakistani guard to mail it for him?<br /><br />C) They allow conjugal visits in secret Pakistani Jails<br /><br />D) All of the above<br /><br />E) The producers were having a little too much bhang at<br /><br />the time they approved the script?<br /><br />#2) Amrita Rao (Yummm!) wants Khanna - he's yum yum yummy... and apparently he wants her - who wouldn't right?!... But when her dad gets ratted out and then killed (I hardly think this is a 'spoiler' as you'd have to be brain-dead and blind not to see this coming in the film) he's pretty emotionless towards this catastrophe and with the tip (metaphorically) of his hat leaves her behind to save his dad never mind her loss and says (paraphrasing) "If god wills it we'll meet again"... Basically meaning "I'm gonna get my dad and MY job done sorry for your loss - CYA! Buh Bye!" - callus beyond even low-life Hollywood standards...<br /><br />#3) There are so many holes in this horrible waste of time called a movie that you can drive all the jeeps trucks camels and any extra stuff through it. Pass - really complete and total waste of time - Oh! There is a great dance sequence (yes only one - as in dance sequence - regardless of quality) great belly dancing - but NOT worth watching just for this.<br /><br />Rent Veer-Zaara or Lakshya (will Hrithik Roshan ever take acting lessons?) for better Indo-Pak conflict movies... In fact Veer-Zaara is pretty damned good - 7.5/8 I'd say!
critique7059 Oh man this s-u-c-k-e-d sucked.... I couldn't even get any camp value out of this......and I sat through the whole thing on Showtime.... Don't bother waiting around for the 'naked' scenes either.....it's too late and only plastic Jenna Jameson is involved.. Shows how much discretionary cash must be laying around Hollywood just to get your name on the closing credits.. I guess Showtime had to throw something in at 1am... Next time I think I'd even rather be watching ESPN loop around every 30 minutes...
critique7060 I've been trying to write a plot summary for several minutes now and can't seem to do it. But with a movie as bad as Night of the Blood Beast the plot hardly matters. An astronaut crash lands and is believed dead. His body later reanimates but is found to be carrying the embryos of some strange alien life-form. But how did they get there? And where's the alien that implanted the strange creatures in Maj. John Corcoran's body? <br /><br />IMDb lists the runtime for Night of the Blood Beast at 62 minutes. Is that right? 62 minutes? It had to be longer than that. It felt interminable to me. Even with the MST3K commentary (which was very funny by the way) the actual movie felt much much longer. And it's pretty much a snoozer from beginning to end. I like a lot of these alien invasion type movies of the 50s but not this one. It failed to grab my interest on any level. The baby aliens were too silly looking to be taken seriously the titular blood beast was pathetic and none of the characters did anything for me. Add to that the usual low-budget Roger Corman trappings and you've got a real loser of a movie.
critique7061 I am quite sure that this was the worst movie ever made. If you can't make a 13 year old boy laugh at silly humor you should give up comedy forever. Unfortunately Joan Rivers chose differently. The movie is full of predictable gags (some of these are racist) and very unfunny jokes. Particularly memorable is the scene where the doctor tells the lead character that the rabbit has died and he is pregnant (as I write this I cannot believe this was actually a movie scene). The man rushes to a dead rabbit on the doctors desk and tries to give it mouth to mouth. ROTFLMAO! NOT! The punch line that can tell you how bad things are in this movie is "I knew I should have been on top." ha ha ha ha ah ugh ........
critique7062 J.S. Cardone directed a little known 'Video Nasty' in 1982 called "The Slayer" and since then has gone on to have a hand in a handful of feature films; including the rubbish 2001 vampire movie The Forsaken. His latest feature film Wicked Little Things boasts a plot that sounds decent as well as a creepy looking poster that I seem to remember surfacing a couple of years ago in relation to a film that Tobe Hooper was meant to direct. Well I guess he felt that this one was too similar to his silly zombie fungus movie 'Mortuary' and so turned this one down. I don't blame him for it either. The plot focuses on a mother and her two daughters that move to an old house in the mountains that once belonged to her late husband. However what they don't realise is that around a hundred years earlier; a group of children that were being used as miners were trapped down a mineshaft. Naturally that's not the end of them and they managed to survive their ordeal and now prowl the area in search of revengeÃ‚Â… <br /><br />The film is essentially a collection of clichÃƒÂ©s; from the youngest kid with an "imaginary friend" the mother who dismisses it and all the usual zombie rubbish. J.S. Cardone attempts to get the horror fans back on side with shocks and gory scenes (mostly involving kids) but its not enough. The story doesn't play out very well at all either and really did remind me too much of the earlier Mortuary and that's not a good thing (although Mortuary is actually a better film than this one). The acting is nothing to write home about either; Lori Heuring is decent looking as is eldest daughter Scout Taylor-Compton; but neither manages to provide an interesting performance. Chloe Moretz is slightly better than the usual child actor. The plot is given hardly any credibility and indeed the screenplay can't even be bothered to explain the reasons why the kids attack the locals. It all boils down to a typical and rather dull ending and overall I have to say that if you know your horror movies then you can feel free to skip this one!
critique7063 A friend of mine decided to rent this thing lucky it wasn't my money.. Pretty much wasted my time though. A story that could have been interesting is completely wasted by incredibly bad acting and horrible editing/directing. Maybe it could become a classic because of all the weird over-acting :)(Gary Busey's character for example) All the over-acted characters were actually the only thing that made this movie a little interesting as they grabbed your attention (for all the wrong reasons obviously) where the movie in itself failed miserably. In short: A waste of time and money<br /><br />2/10
critique7064 I can find no redeeming value to this movie. It appears to be loosely based on the Lion King school of thought. Father gets killed son can't fill the shoes and tries to run away etc etc etc. The only difference (other than being in a barnyard instead of a jungle) is that Barnyard tries to "liven things up" with club-type music. They go way over the top in trying to be cool. The problem is that it really isn't cool. It's like "that guy". Everybody knows at least one of "those guys" who are older and still hang out with the younger crowd in a futile attempt to cling onto their youth. They try to be cool to fit in but they really aren't. That's this movie.<br /><br />But hey if you have money to burn and you feel like paying someone to suck 90 minutes of you life away by all means don't let me stop you.
critique7065 pretty disappointing. i was expecting more of a horror/thriller -- but this seemed to be more of an episode of dawson's creek but with out the acting. there were some very impressive shots though -- almost worth seeing. maybe future efforts will improve.
critique7066 BTK Killer Green River Killer Zodiac Killer; the man keeps putting out absolute garbage and the ironic thing is he loves his crap.<br /><br />I've never seen a Ulli Lommel film but I was so amazed on how everyone thinks his stuff is so awful. Like the movies I said in the beginning don't even equal a six when added together! After reading the comments I was curious to see how bad this guy really is. He is the worst out there.<br /><br />The credits wouldn't end as the pathetic movie started and quickly I noticed that the audio was incredibly badly dubbed in. The acting was incredibly awful and same to the camera shots. The editing is easily the worst. This movie made no sense and I unbearably couldn't take it anymore as it wouldn't end and I was only 45 minutes in the movie. I couldn't take it anymore. I wasted 45 minutes of my life.<br /><br />DO NOT WATCH THIS CRAP!
critique7067 I realize a period piece is expensive to make and that this style of shooting (close framed shots to camera moving camera wide aperture shots washed-out) allows such films to be made for a price. As a style it has advantages and disadvantages like any other it allows more period pieces to be made. Like any style it has its detractors and supporters - there are probably even those that believe that this manner of shooting has an artistic basis.<br /><br />If only some of the money saved could have been spent on the script for whatever style is used a film needs good writing and good acting.<br /><br />The acting in this film is mostly very good. The writing less so. It is composed of a collection of bits taken from the book and much which is relevant to the plot is left out making for a disjointed collection of scenes with little or no continuity.<br /><br />If you have read the book do not under any circumstances watch it. If you have not read the book are easily pleased and have nothing better to do there is no harm in watching it but be prepared to be disappointed.<br /><br />It could have been so much better.
critique7068 Sometimes you just have to have patients when watching indie horror. If you can just toe-tap your way through the slow-paced early scenes sometimes a real gem will present itself... This (unfortunately) was not the case with "Satan's Whip".<br /><br />Written and directed by Jason Maran "Satan's Whip" attempts to drag us along on a boring snore-fest of a film with no real pay off at the end. I'm guessing that the black & white (and blue) cinematography must have been for a reason however it is never explained why the majority of the blood is blue and I found this increasingly annoying as the film went on. The story in itself is not that bad and actually had some originality and decent content but the acting is simply pathetic. This combined with the slow-pacing and lack of any real (red) gore made "Satan's Whip" one to forget quite quickly. I will give it a "4" rating for some witty dialog that made me chuckle but alas that could not save this boring waste of my time.
critique7069 In director Eric Stanze's 'ISOYC IPOYG' three men are subjected to torture at the the hands of a woman that they have all sexually abused. The first victim is forced to eat his own crap before being axed to death. The next bloke ends up with a bullet in the crotch after refusing to have anal sex with the first guy's corpse. But it's the third man who gets it the worst: he has to watch the heavily tattooed 'star' Emily Haack get naked and masturbate with a broom handle (oh he also gets the handle shoved up his butt too!).<br /><br />And unfortunately so do we (get to see her masturbate that isÃ‚Â—not get a broom handle up our butts!).<br /><br />Yes 'ISOYC IPOYG' is one harsh viewing experience not because of its relentless violence but because Haack who is obviously under the misguided notion that she has the body of a goddess (as opposed to that of a roadie for Metallica) constantly gets buck naked for the camera. It ain't a pretty sight.<br /><br />In addition to the non-stop nudity from an inked-up Haack viewers also get to see dreadful direction from Stanze (who thinks that endless shots of tombstones and trees is entertaining stuff) some really bad acting and a fat guy's penis.<br /><br />Strangely enough I give 'ISOYC IPOYG' a rating of 3/10 which is actually slightly higher than its current 2.9 average. That's one point for the messy axe attack (which being a gore-hound I actually enjoyed); one point for the bit where the fat guy gets his face pushed in chocolate mousse masquerading as feces (hilarious); and one point for the sheer nerve to suggest that this film might somehow be a sequel to Meir Zarchi's superior exploitation classic I Spit On Your Grave.
critique7070 This movie starts out great and sucks you in. Most acting is good until Patrick Swayze (with his Texas Twang- everyone else sounds British-like even the Muslim) shows up and proves that he can't act. You can live with that until the first fight scene where all they all fall to pieces. Why does Patrick Swayze fight baddies with an ax when he just stuck his sword into the ground 5 minutes ago.<br /><br />There's further misplacing of swords a few minutes later and people knowing about other people they shouldn't know about. Other reviewers mentioned "Troubled Production" and it shows.<br /><br />At the end I just didn't even care about the fight scenes sure the CGI Dragon was weak but the storyline was the biggest letdown.
critique7071 This has to one of the most pathetic predictable and badly acted films I have ever seen. Clint Eastwood has never been worse never have I seen somebody less convincing on screen. I was laughing at him the whole way through. Then there's this romance kinda thing between him and the gorgeous Rene Russo which was even more pathetic than the one between Mr.Connery and Ms.Zeta-Jones in Entrapment.<br /><br />One IMDb user posed the question: What's not to like about this film? I'm asking: What is to like about it? And the answer is: John Malkovich. He is an absolute genius and probably the best movie villain ever (He even saved Con Air you know). But that's it. <br /><br />This movie is called In the line of fire but 'Bodyguard 2: the rip-off' seems to be a more appropriate title. Watch only if you are a die hard John Malkovich fan. Otherwise avoid at all cost. *1/2(out of five)
critique7072 I mean come on! This movie had such nice potential but it's like they ran out of money to finish the script and just telegraphed the whole damn rest of the movie about 2/3rds of the way through. Characters start spouting this movies whole reason for existence to other characters who didn't ask for the information on extremely flimsy premises. They also fall into some stereotypical behavior because that must be what's expected in this genre of movie. It's really pretty sad because this movie could have been so much more.<br /><br />I was really hoping this would be a good movie. There was some good acting. Mark Hamill does an excellent job until the movie falls apart so does Sally Struthers. It was fun to see them working and succeeding at their craft. Majandra Delfino was pretty good for awhile until her lines just became untenable. I felt sad for her that she had to say these lines that just shot the whole movies credibility for any thinking movie goers. Brad Hunt does an excellent job. He really has a surprising range of talent judging from another of his movies I recently saw Lucky 13. (which was a piece of crap). This guy could be a star if he could pick the right scripts and get lucky with the right director.<br /><br />Almost forgot! The music was so heavy handed you might think this project was handed to some minor film school to be scored. I call this kind of music "Teller Music" because you can just tell what's coming next based on the music. Less is more sometimes.<br /><br />Cut half of the music from this movie get a good film editor a small rewrite or two and this would be a very good movie.
critique7073 This movie doesn't even have the saving grace of being so bad that its good. It is truly appalling. Its closer to a tongue-in-cheek parody than a disaster movie but alas they were serious. Made for TV but not worthy of even that. It contains every clichÃƒÂ© and cheesy plot moment you can imagine. Oh will he save the town from the flood? Will his wife admit that she still loves him? Will they escape before the flood drowns them? I cant explain how bad this is. Awful predictable plot that makes you wince it is so cheesy. Bad Effects (although to be fair I have seen worse super-imposed bubbling water). Bad script. Woeful acting. Hideous. So bad in fact that you probably should get drunk and watch it.
critique7074 This is a complete Hoax...<br /><br />The movie clearly has been shot in north western Indian state of Rajasthan. Look at the chase scene - the vehicles are Indian; the writing all over is Hindi - language used in India. The drive through is on typical Jaipur streets. Also the palace is in Amer - about 10 miles from Jaipur Rajasthan. The film-makers in their (about the film) in DVD Bonus seem to make it sound that they risked their lives shooting in Kabul and around. Almost all of their action scenes are shot in India. The scene where they see a group singing around fire is so fake that they did not even think about changing it to Afgani folk song. They just recorded the Rajasthani folk song. How do I know it because I have traveled that area extensively. They are just on the band-wagon to make big on the issue. I do challenge the film makers to deny it.
critique7075 Never before have the motives of the producers of a motion picture been more transparent. Let's see: FIRST they get every willing televangelist to hype this film as the greatest thing since sliced white bread. NEXT they encourage as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to purchase copies of the film so as to recoup its paltry production costs and pump up its advertising budget. And FINALLY when the film hits the theaters get as many said Christians as possible to see it yet again bus them into the multiplexes if necessary NOT on the merits of the film itself but because a #1 box office opening will be seen as some sort of profound spiritual victory.<br /><br />But THAT of course won't be enough. I imagine that any film critic with the audacity to give "Left Behind" anything short of a glowing review will be deemed "anti-Christian."<br /><br />Of course this shamelessly manipulative marketing campaign shouldn't surprise anyone. It is after all good old fashioned Capitalism at work. What DOES surprise me is how many people have been suckered into the whole "Left Behind" mindset. As someone who tries to balance his spiritual beliefs with some sense of reason and rationality it leaves me scratching my head. It would appear that there are many MANY people who actually believe that sometime in the near future a "Rapture" is going to occur and that millions of people all over the Earth are going to simultaneously vanish INTO THIN AIR. What kind of reality I wonder are these people living in? Is this "Rapture" something they actually believe in or is it something they fervently WANT to believe in? And when they reach the end of their lives and realize this "Rapture" has not occurred will they be disappointed and disillusioned? Will there still be people 100 years from now insisting that the "Rapture" is imminent?<br /><br />In a way I almost wish that such an event would occur! What an interesting day that would be! What would be even more interesting is if the Apocalypse were to occur in a more spectacular fashion not in the anthropological sense the authors of the "Left Behind" series have portrayed but as more of a Stephen Spielberg production with boiling clouds trumpets angels descending out of the sky Moon turned to blood the whole nine yards. Imagine coming to the realization that it was all coming true just as the evangelists had been warning for years and that there was something more awesome than just the cold hard physical reality we inhabit. Wouldn't THAT be something???<br /><br />Yet in the final analysis it's that cold hard physical reality that I will content myself with. My life is not so meaningless that I need the fear of a "Rapture" and the "End Times" to make sense of it all ... nor do I need Heaven or Hell to bribe or scare me into behaving decently thank you very much.
critique7076 this film was shrouded in scandal for so long that it became a very sought after item...the outrage the mystery etc. it had everything to be a great piece of film-making but ultimately fails in every extent. it's a terribly bad comedy a pathetic horror movie a lame erotic film.<br /><br />the 2 disc DVD includes a gorgeous booklet with stills interviews essays on bestiality etc. as well as an extensive interview with the more-than-pretentious director. for those who have heard about it but never seen it the package will seem fantastic until one actually sees the film. disc 1 contains the edited film badly translated to English but with good visual quality. disc 2 contains the director's cut in an awful transfer in french.<br /><br />what can I say about the actual beast? a hand puppet of Kermit the frog would have been more effective and shocking.
critique7077 Do people rate this movie highly because it's a foreign war movie???<br /><br />To me it's nothing more than a bad Hollywood war movie in German.<br /><br />This movie is so bad on so many levels. To even mention it along with Platoon or Full Metal Jacket is absurd. The battle sequences are pathetic the dialog and acting atrocious.<br /><br />This so called group of "storm troopers" are regulars in the Wermacht. Not SS troops. There is so much wrong with this movie it's sad. Bad editing bad acting. It's got it all.<br /><br />The movie goes on and on and on as though the audience should be made to suffer as much as the soldiers did.<br /><br />I read in a review that the this film had a $20 million budget.<br /><br />For real? Where was it spent? In the fake train car sequences? In the pathetic "special effects"? Ugh.<br /><br />As a WWII history buff and WWII movie fan I found this movie to be a serious disappointment.<br /><br />For an excellent alternative war movie check out "The Beast". (Not a WWII movie but still outstanding)<br /><br />Don't bother with this one.
critique7078 Is there a movement more intolerant and more judgmental than the environmentalist movement? To a budding young socialist joining the circus must seem as intimidating as joining a real circus. Even though such people normally outsource their brain to Hollywood for these important issues the teachings of Hollywood can often seem fragmented and confusing. Fortunately Ed is here to teach neo-hippies in the art of envirojudgementalism.<br /><br />Here you'll learn the art of wagging your finger in the face of anyone without losing your trademark smirk. You'll learn how to shrug off logic and science with powerful arguments of fear. You'll learn how to stop any human activity that does not interest you by labeling it as the gateway to planetary Armageddon.<br /><br />In addition to learning how to lie with a straight face you'll also learn how to shrug off accusations that are deflected your way no matter how much of a hypocrite you are. You'll be able to use as much energy as Al Gore yet while having people treat you as if you were Amish.<br /><br />In the second season was even more useful as we were able to visit other Hollywood Gods holy be thy names and audit - i.e. judge - their lifestyles. NOTE: This is the only time it's appropriate for an envirofascist to judge another because it allows the victim the chance to buy up all sorts of expensive and trendy eco-toys so that they can wag their finger in other people's faces.<br /><br />What does Ed have in store for us in season three? Maybe he'll teach us how to be judgmental while sleeping!
critique7079 Okay so the previews to this film only tells you that a rebellious young girl goes to live with her grandmother for the summer in order to straighten out. That is actually not the case! It's about a young rebellious 17 year old girl who reveals a secret and it's up to her mother to believe if she's telling the truth or not.<br /><br />To be honest I really enjoyed the concept of this movie. They had a really good plot and a really good theme of a love/hate relationship between mother and daughter. I did not however enjoyed watching Lindsay Lohan's acting. In reality this movie would have been GREAT if they had someone else perhaps a better actress. The character of Rachel (Lohan) is a very sexually aggressive person and it sort of reminds us of the real Lindsay so it takes away a lot from the film.<br /><br />I do however think that if you put Lindsay aside you will enjoy this film. The ending is pretty great (and sad).
critique7080 The EMPEROR'S NEW GROOVE cast returns for Disney Pictures follow up but this time the spotlight is on Kronk(voiced by Patrick Warburton) who is no longer Yzma's(Eartha Kitt)henchman. Kronk has started a new life and is very happy with his role as chef of his own restaurant. Things go merrily along until Kronk gets word that his Papi(John Mahoney)is coming for a visit. Kronk is worried because he knows that his life won't impress his Papi. One thing that he has always wanted and never received is a "thumbs up" from his dad. A flurry of blunders and a gigantic cheese explosion in the restaurant leaves our likable hero very deep in trouble and anxiety. To save the day a little help from his friends.<br /><br />Other voices: Tracey Ullman David Spade John Goodman Wendie Malick April Winchell and Gatlin Green.
critique7081 I can imagine why he'd want to die after starring in this rubbish. The man is incredible but even Sidney Poitier couldn't save this tiresome morality play about racism in the old West. He and Joanna Going are both fantastic in this film: too bad the screenplay co-stars directing and score couldn't match those two.
critique7082 What a terrible movie. Rotten tomatoes had a good rating for this too. don't be fooled by the positive comments; It wasn't scary. It wasn't funny. It wasn't clever. It won't even hold your attention. I just wasted 2 hours of my life viewing this crap-fest. the computer generated monster was interesting to see the first couple times. after about 15 minutes it no longer entertained. the dialogue was terrible must be a translation thing. another negative that stood out was the idiot Americans. 3 were portrayed and they were all lacking character intelligence and judgment. Now I will write a couple of lines to pad this since we have to have 10. The employees at the video store should have slapped me for bringing this title to the counter.
critique7083 Tyra & the rest of the modeling world needs to know that real women like myself and my daughter don't care to see all the ridiculous modeling to sell something. Weird locations too much makeup & too much skin is not necessary. Sex does not always sell when you are selling to women. The same goes for the horse stomping runway walk that looks unnatural. People come in all shapes & sizes & they need to have that on the show. My daughter has a 36" inseam is tall & slender & a size 5 I am more average at a size 12. We would like to see both- I can not picture how something would look on me when a size 2 is wearing it it will not fit the same way on me. I do not buy magazines anymore because they are one sided on this matter. We would really love the show to consider women of all sizes. Thank you.
critique7084 Call me old fashioned but I like movies with plots. I thought "stoner comedy" was just a way to more specifically describe a comedy in which lots of weed is smoked and the people watching it are more apt to enjoy it high. "Grandma's Boy" however has decided this is a full-blown niche and that stoners represent a piece of the comedy pie that need to be reached. Apparently Allen Covert (star and producer) and the Happy Madison gang were right but that doesn't make "Grandma's Boy" any less boring and unfunny. They might be completely stoned -- but the characters are mostly half-baked.<br /><br />Alex (Covert a longtime supporting player for Adam Sandler first-time star) is a mid-30s professional video game tester whose roommate has gotten them evicted. He could look for a new apartment but then we don't have a movie. After trying a couple friends he ends up living with good ole Grandma Lilly (Doris Roberts of "Everybody Loves Raymond"). She wakes him up a 6 am and has him do chores and soon he's falling asleep on the job and so the new video game sequel might not get done on deadline.<br /><br />Like most people Alex deals with his frustration and eradicates boredom by either playing video games or getting high or both. His friends/co-workers all do the same thing. Most of them are virgins that live at home in addition to loving video games. They're all awkward and all with the exception of Nick Swardson and Joel Moore (only at times) their characters aren't funny. Funny if you're blazed ... sure i suppose but I can't say from experience.<br /><br />Maybe all we loser guys like is getting high playing video games and awkwardly ogling women with specific attention on their breasts but even so it shouldn't be the driving force of an entire film. Neither should old women getting high on accident (saw that one coming) or being the but of gross-out sex jokes -- but that's what happens when a film isn't about anything. No conflict occurs until the last 20 minutes outside of the slight problems of being out of pot Alex trying to get the hot girl (Linda Cardellini) to like him and the guys scrambling to finish their levels for the video game deadline.<br /><br />Characters can be the saving grace for these meandering stoner flicks but aside from a lovable Doris Roberts the aforementioned Swardson as the virgin friend who lives with his parents and calls them his roommates and Joel Moore's skill at making robot noises there's little character ingenuity. Covert is a run-of-the-mill main character with no comedic dimensions his dealer friend Dante is an inept actor and waste of screen time and Jonah Hill and Kevin Nealon are written so far into the periphery it doesn't matter.<br /><br />If you like movies about nothing and watching them in a state of mind and body that enhance that nothingness "Grandma's Boy" will likely be just what you're looking for. Those who need a little more talent and wit to get on board with a comedy will be left unaffected. The most I can say for "Grandma's Boy" is that it's watchable despite its pointlessness. It won't feel like a total waste of time but you'll wish you did do drugs so you could at least have made the most of the hour and a half.<br /><br />~Steven C<br /><br />Visit my site at www.moviemusereviews.com
critique7085 Its a sin how these things are made but then again we wouldn't get to see the best "Dummy scene" ever filmed. Ahhh the beauty of low budget Bigfoot flicks you lean to see the beauty the more you watch them thats if your brain doesn't melt first. As I said before this has the best dummy scene ever! Words cant express it you have to see it for yourself. Wonderful lines such as "Smells like decain flesh" "Thems human..."(You will know this one when you see it) The creature makes a Blah Blah! sound and the scene where the baby gets shot will make you cry(with laughter) you will be rewinding it. Has a car chase snowmobile chase a Bigfoot folk song as well as a Disco song. It dosn't end there while watching the credits a friend noticed "Wardrobe provided by K-Mart". You ask how could you even get as far as the credits and then watch them? I could only explain this as a sort of shock to the brain you are so mentally exhausted you cant move and also I guess you have to know who was behind the mess. All that being said this is a must see especially if you want to punish yourself mentally. Its a keeper!
critique7086 I found this movie to be preachy and unrealistic. It tries to be a movie showing kids fighting against the system but it doesn't even present a positive solution. I guess I didn't feel really for the kids. I totally can understand what their gripes were and I know how poor the state of schools are but I found their solution and the way the outside dealt with it to be a big bunch of phooey. If this comes on TV don't waste your time. Watch Short Circuit again for the 235th time.
critique7087 Anyone who has watched Comedy Central around midnight in the past few years has probably seen ads for this movie. I first saw ads for this movie back in 2001. It looked like it could be funny but I wasn't about to call up the number on the television screen and order it without seeing the movie first. I figured I would wait until the movie was available to rent at Blockbuster.<br /><br />About a year and a half later I was at Tower Records and in the "DVDS for less than $20" pile there was a copy of this movie. Seeing that the DVD was only $6.99 I decided to buy it. I got home put the disc in the DVD player and waited for the laughs to start...and I waited some more. The laughs never came.<br /><br />I'd have to agree with almost every other comment on this page when I say that this movie was horrible. Sick desperately tasteless and poorly written and directed THE UNDERGROUND COMEDY MOVIE is an atrocious piece of garbage and is in my opinion the worst movie of all time. No stars.
critique7088 I got this movie in the $5 bin at walmart. I would not recommend watching this move. I might give it to one of my friends if I am angry at them and want them to suffer for 2 hours.<br /><br />I looked at the cover and skimmed through the summary and thought it was a war movie. I wish I would have known how boring this movie was going to be before turning it on. It was my mistake to think something was going to happen in this movie. It's just about a group of people going from one boot camp to another. The drill sargents treat the soldiers very badly and the main character tries to help people get out of fighting in Vietnam.<br /><br />Okay here is my rant about this movie: To me this movie is slow and hard to watch. It was just one of those movies that you put in and are stuck watching because you want to turn it off but your hanging on to a string of hope that it might pick up towards the end. It doesn't. After the movie was over I through it behind my T.V. because I was angry that I wasted almost 2 hours of my life watching it and another 10 minutes writing this review to warn people about it.
critique7089 Mr. Brento wonders if this movie was produced by the same who produced the Dragonball Z TV series. Of course not.<br /><br />This is a Hong Kong real action movie based on the first episodes of the Japanese original cartoon (which was also based on a comic book series). And I really don't know if it was produced under the license of the Dragonball creators...<br /><br />However the story of the monkey-boy with special powers is an ancient tale known all over Asia (in Japan the name of the boy in the tale is Songoku; in China it is Sunwukong; in Korea it is Sonogong; etc) and the story in Dragonball has much to do with that tale.<br /><br />By the way as I said this movie is based on the first episodes of the Dragonball series (which was followed by Dragonball Z although I think the US version had a different airing order). And all the scenes related to sexuality were also contained in the original cartoon series (without so much overacting and so much insistence on it!) but because of your comments I may suppose they were completely removed in the American dubbing.<br /><br />Anyway I agree with you about the overacting in the film and about how poor this adaptation of the original cartoon is. But maybe because of that nobody can forget it after watching it...
critique7090 THE QUICKIE (1 outta 5 stars)<br /><br />Pretty poor movie... an old-as-the-hills story about a high-ranking gangster who wants to quit passing on his empire to his inept son. Of course it's not going to be easy for someone in that line or work to just quit... so a contract is put out on his life. After throwing a big party an exterminator (Jennifer Jason Leigh who I guess is *never* going to act in anything other than TV movies or low budget direct-to-video trash ever again) is called to the scene. Our "hero" makes a pass at her... offering her big money for a "quickie"... she turns down his offer even though she needs the money... but winds up staying overnight anyway... even after being brutally harassed by the overzealous son who thinks she was sent to kill his father. Ugh. The story just goes on and on... you can see every "twist" and "turn" coming a mile away. Weird soundtrack by some group called "The Tiger Lillies" will drive most people nuts... but I thought there was one kind of cool track towards the end. Or maybe I was just excited because I could tell that the movie was almost over? Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer... what the hell happened to you?
critique7091 I heard this movie was badÃ‚Â…They even warned me it was terrible but for some reason (probably Katie Holmes) I still watched it when it came on national TV. Watching Kevin Williamson films means torturing! His scenarios aren't funny definitely not scary and not the least bit creative. Teaching Mrs. Tingle breathes the same irritating atmosphere as his brainless series `Dawson's Creek' and it's probably meant for the same target group as well. Before the credits even started 5 people already wanted a hug and they stated that eerie `I love you'-sentence. It doesn't get any better as the soundtrack is filled with annoying pop/rock and the storyline is ultra-thin. Three students on the verge of graduation get caught cheating by the wickedest teacher in school. Every high-school has a teacher like that you knowÃ‚Â… To save their skin they try to convince Mrs. Tingle that it wasn't their intention to cheat but this attempt goes horrible wrong. The typical high-school humor is completely lost on me the overdose of sentiment is pathetic and the acting (with the exception of Helen Mirren) is abominable. I'm sure Katie Holmes can act Ã‚Â– that's a fact proven by her role in `the Gift' Ã‚Â– but she urgently needs to stop accepting frumpish girl roles. As said before the only positive comments goes out to the brilliant casting of Helen Mirren as the shrew. It's like Kathleen Turner in `Serial Mom'! The role suits her perfectly and you can't imagine anyone else playing her. Other than that this is avoidable teenage nonsense.
critique7092 Give H.G. Lewis points: He managed to incorporate beefy exotic dancers gallons of his notorious fake blood and Henny Youngman all in one movie. "The Gore Gore Girls" was Lewis's horror film swan song and ends with a head being squashed by an automobile. Oh... Henny plays a surly night club owner whose girls are falling prey to Lewis's standard butchery.
critique7093 1st watched 6/21/2001 - 2 out of 10(Dir-Emmanuel Itier): Pretty much worthless supposed thriller that spends more time drawing us into sexual encounters with and without the star 'Amber Smith.' It tries to wrap a story around the sex scenes but as usual with these types of movies it is not done very well. I was so bored with this movie that I actually fast-forwarded thru the ending to get it over with. The video version I watched was called 'Tell Me No Lies.'
critique7094 I like Steve Buscemi. I like his work very much both as an actor and a director. You could say that I am -into- Steve Buscemi. A Steve Buscemi freak. I lurv Steve Buscemi.<br /><br />I remember when I first saw Buscemi's full length directorial debut "Trees Lounge." I enjoyed the movie although it wasn't as good as it could have been. It was -almost- there. It -almost- scratched that itch the itch of wanting to see "small" movies about "small" people in "small" bars that are in "small" towns. It was close enough to where I would say that it was a very good movie - one that with a few tweaks could have been great. But that's OK. I like the movie and I've watched it more than once.<br /><br />But this review is not about Trees Lounge. It's about "Lonesome Jim." When I saw the description of the movie and then I saw who's movie it was I was excited at the prospect of finally seeing the movie that I knew that Trees Lounge could have been. But what I actually experienced was not unlike that of leaving one of those smalltown bars with a belly full of cheap whiskey and an armful of cheap floozy heading back to your apartment with a mushy brain full of exciting prospects that inevitably disintegrate into the reality of alcohol-induced impotence and headspinning regurgitation.<br /><br />In other words this movie left me flat and unrequited and sorry that I wasted the time and the money that it took me to get to that state - the film equivalent of waking up next to that cheap floozy the next morning or if you happen to be the floozy waking up next to that stinking and farting and unshaven imbecile. The film had all of the substance of a stale white bread sandwich (with store brand white bread no less) and the emotion of a cadaver. I am not sure what the point of this film was and since it was supposed to have some sort of a point and was not an exercise in abstract surrealism that can get by without one then this lack of a point is a sin of omission. Sorta like those new cars that don't come with ashtrays anymore although there are millions of people who smoke and buy new cars (I'm not one of them but hey I can sympathize). Overall it was a boring film about boring people doing boring things and had none of the grit and believability that can carry and save such a film. I mean Trees Lounge was about boring people doing boring things but it was interesting. <br /><br />I blame a lot of this on Affleck. Why do people keep casting these Affleck turds? They suck the life out of anything that they are connected with. One Affleck was in one decent film (and wasn't even the reason why the film was decent) and all of the sudden every butthole named Affleck is stinking up as many films as they possibly can. And Liv Tyler is no better. Being the daughter of a rock star does not necessarily make an actress. She is as lifeless as Affleck. These people simply do not rise from the flat page of the script. People pay to see films and they deserve to see actors and actresses with a bit of charisma - these two duds together don't have the spark of the old guy who hands out shopping carts at Wal Mart. I always thought that Steve Buscemi was the type of guy who would rise above this type of pablum but oh Steve you let us down. This film makes me want to stuff you into another wood chipper.
critique7095 This movie is some of the worst crap I have ever seen. I literally got a sharp pain in my head while watching this movie. The CGI was awful and the story was just a waste of ink. Dean Cain's character was Mr-Super-Intuitive-I-can-figure-out-anything except he can't seem to work his own helicopter correctly. The biggest problem was the split screen camera work. I felt like I was watching the Brady Bunch or something only it wasn't different people in the boxes just close ups and different views of the same thing. I can only figure that the actors really needed the money because this movie wasn't worth the film it was shot on.
critique7096 OK...this MAY contain Spoilers...but who really cares? Do not if you value the seconds in your life waste your time on this pile of garbage. There is not one redeeming quality in this movie...and I say that as a full fan of the Vacation Series of movies. I LOVED the Cousin Eddie character from the other Vacation movies...but he only works well as a supporting character. Do I blame Randy Quaid for the failure of this movie? Not at all. I think he's a great actor...but this film lacks any cohesion...the pacing is off...it's just plain unfunny. And the actor who plays the "Third"...Jake Thomas...was just awful more than likely due to a real lack of direction. I don't know why...but his whole character creeped me out.<br /><br />Some people say that this is a horrible movie because Chevy Chase and Beverly D'Angelo aren't in it...that has nothing to do with it. The script directing acting...special effects...everything is a train wreck. With Orphans. And kittens. Oh...and the Train ran over some old people too.<br /><br />Please whatever you do...stay away from this filth! I call it filth because it dirties the name of the Vacation Franchise.
critique7097 Being a huge horror movie fan one of the most difficult things to be considering the lack of abundance of good movies in the genre and having seen hundreds of them in my lifetime I have to say that Dracula 3000 is by far the most uninspired lame and poorly done piece of trash I have had the misfortune to see. STAY AWAY FROM THIS MOVIE! It's so bad it's not even laughable. The special effects (did I say "special"?) were probably achieved spending a couple of grand the acting is terrible and the script should have ended up in the trash bin after the first read by the studio that decided to take on this miserable project. The whole movie was literally filmed in a warehouse. Also for you guys out there who like nudity in your movies don't be fooled by the R rating. If you're thinking you get a chance to see Erika Eleniak even half-naked you're wrong. She is fully clothed throughout the entire movie. And the cover art is completely misleading! There is no scene in any part of the movie that even marginally resembles the awesome cover art they put on the box to draw unsuspecting horror fans.<br /><br />Too bad the rating is only 1 to 10. I would give this movie a -10. Be warned. Don't waste your money or your time on this one.
critique7098 I couldn't wait to see this movie. About half way through the movie I couldn't wait for it to end. All of the (white) actors were delivering their lines like Woody Allen had just said "Say it like this..." Then they said their lines on screen like they were trying to imitate Woody Allen. It was so annoying. We all know how Will Ferrell really talks and he doesn't stumble over his words like Mr. Allen. The comedy portion of this film was just as boring as the tragedy and definitely never funny or even entertaining. I must admit that I have never been a major Woody Allen fan and this movie definitely has not converted me. I think that his writing was just as bad as his direction. This movie will go down as one of the worst 10 movies I have ever seen.
critique7099 This movie was a complete disaster for me. There is one thing that movies must have in order to be watchable and that is *some* psychological credibility of characters... unfortunately here this is not the case. The main characters behave irrationally most of the time and even if they have some reason for such behavior it is not revealed to us by the director. Sophie Marceau's character is particularly irritating making pictures of everything throughout the whole movie when one could expect something more rational (for example meeting with her mother in the hospital)... and why exactly did she marry this guy? (no this is not a spoiler) The plot at times seems like ripped off some soap-opera and while the actors' performance is not bad this does not help much. All in all I just could not find a way to connect with this movie. Not that I tried too much after the first hour though. I have never walked out of cinema during a movie but this time was the closest in my life so far.
critique7100 There isn't more I can say that saying this film was awful. The whole Chineseness is awakened in your being because of the ancestors was a hard sell. But telling the audience that every Chinese knows Chinese history without even studying it just laughable. That is like saying every American knows American history without studying or every Filipino etc etc. It just isn't believable.<br /><br />The story is flat out hideous. It talked about Shin being from a Monastery in China - later identifying it from Bejing. However the early sequences of the film show the map focusing in on Mongolia. I know the current Chinese regime wants to claim areas like Mongolia for its own granted. But its a distinct nation and it even labels "Mongolia" on the map. Did Disney Studios fail 5th Grade Geography? <br /><br />The relationship between Wendy and Shin is superficial at best and yet she somehow feels connected to him. Her training is just cheesy as well. And lets cut to the chase: everything about this film is bad. Its bad enough to laugh at and cry over. The Taekwondo action was over played and unrealistic in many instances.<br /><br />The evil eyes thing was cheesy. However the left out ending would have been the only descent thing about it. They should have left the evil eyes ending in it. But instead somehow evil is defeated. Yey! <br /><br />Overallnot worth the time of the dog in the film. Brenda Song should get on with another studio. "F"
critique7101 I never actually thought that a film could be so atrocious but alas I was wrong. Terrible acting terrible plot terrible effects. The Crocodile was awful and as for the stupid sex/killing scene all in one that was a bad move from the word go. It was truly shocking and that is not a compliment! How can someone make this film watch it back and then actually say "Yeah thats a good movie. People will watch that" If you haven't seen it I beg you DON'T BOTHER :-(
critique7102 I simply cannot believe the folks that made and performed in this movie really took it seriously. The skits on SNL look more real. Everything was laughably fake. The goofy gunfights the ridiculous fist fights the dialogue the sappy background music and even Bo's blind eye. Had it been billed as a comedy it still would have made more sense but still would be bad. I can see this as "entertainment" only if you get a room full of stoned college kids watching it like it were Rocky Horror Picture Show. Imagine some of the stuff you saw on Blazing Saddles like Mongo knocking the horse down or the old lady gettinf stomach-punched. Now imagine the producer wants you to take those scenes seriously and you get the gists of this disaster.
critique7103 I can't remember the worst film I have watched.Total waste of actors and audience time.If you prefer sitting by your TV and think when will be this film overthen this is the right film for you.Maybe this film is recorded to make people believe that Moscow has some mystique past. But I must say I have not expect anything else from Rade Serbedzijabut I have expected more from Vincent Gallo.The film lacks a plot characterdevelopmentdenouement.Entire movie is about underground tunnels and how they are mystique.I must be fair there is some camera effect but even that is too poor.Over and over are the same pictures.Total waste of time.
critique7104 Where to even start? The horrendous acting? The nonsensical plot? The bargain basement effects? The completely loathsome characters? The choppy editing? The headache-inducing Casio keyboard score??? The embarrassingly racist remarks ("Watch it Charlie!" "Back off Jackie Chan!!"??? The constant misogyny??? I am a lifelong horror fan and I have no problem at all with the current "torture-thon" trend of movies. However this is a poorly-made piece of garbage. I think I suffered more pain watching this than the characters did dying in it! If you like girls being forced to eat stir-fried penis really poor soft core porn and think lines like "I'm gonna find that b**** and staple her c*** shut!!" are clever LIVE FEED is for you.<br /><br />As for me I feel the need to go wash my eyes out with oven cleaner to prevent from ever seeing this movie again!
critique7105 Scanning through the comments there doesn't appear to be a lot of love for this movie and it's not very hard to see why it's rubbish.<br /><br />Now I will start by saying that the finished product was hurt in any number of ways by the death of Donald Pleasance (Dr Loomis) in post production. This required a re-jigging of the film's conclusion with Loomis buying the farm and took away what was supposed to be a double twist at the end with Micheal swapping places with mysterious "Man in black" and I do not mean Johnny Cash.<br /><br />Now to the story. The fifth movie ended rather unsatisfactorily with Micheal Myers escaping from jail with the mysterious man in black. It turns out (aggh) that this man knows the origin of Micheal's evil and is also a colleague of Dr Loomis named Dr Wynn. They also kidnapped Jamie Lloyd (played by Danielle Harris in parts 4 and 5 but here played by JC Brandy). Jamie pregnant escapes from Dr Wynn's lair and so Micheal follows her and kills her. But she'd had the kid so now he needs to track the baby down so he can kill his great nephew.<br /><br />We hear some ludicrous explanation to Micheal's evil involving Gaelic curses down bloodlines and mysterious symbols. A radio show is broadcast from Micheal's home town for some reason which gives Micheal some more hapless victims.<br /><br />In the end the movie just like this review is vague confusing and directionless with a very anticlimactic ending.<br /><br />Some sex scenes and nudity. Poor plot passable effects with some good run of the mill slasher kills but severely lacking in motivation. For what was supposed to explain everything this only stirred up some new questions made parts 4 and 5 pointless and was a poor way for a great actor in Pleasance to end his life and career.
critique7106 There were so many things wrong with this movie i have trouble keeping them all straight. But one thing that really bothers me is that if Jigsaw was the one laying on the ground in the bathroom what happens if Zep never shows up? What if Zep was killed by Danny Gloover before he made it to the bathroom? Does Jigsaw simply just get up and walk out? Could the guy in the middle of the bathroom not be jigsaw but another part of Jigsaw's game? What if Zep killed the wife and kid how does Jigsaw get him the antidote for the poison if he's lying in the middle of the bathroom? Why does the doctor wait till the last minute to finally cut off his foot? It was too late it was after six and as far as he knew his wife and child were already shot dead it wasn't the best time for heroics. These are just a few questions i had about the film but i may be missing something or everything as i have only seen the movie once. Please Help!
critique7107 If you like films that are totally bizarre then this one is for you! Abdullah is one mean mother with a passion for strangling people and eating ham. You should check this film out just for a laugh. It is a low budget sci-fi musical comedy cannibalistic classic. If you get bored of the film half way through you should persevere just for the sake of seeing the aliens which are nothing more than little toy robots but in my opinion are the films highlight. "I'm the Big Meat Eater pass me
critique7108 Drug runner Archie Moses introduces his friend Rock Keats to his boss drug kingpin Frank Colton. Unknown to Moses Keats is actually an undercover police officer. During the bust on Colton's factory Moses accidentally shoots Keats in the head. He survives the wound & later arrests Moses. Dodging Colton's hired assassins the duo must overcome their mutual hatred to survive.<br /><br />Adam Sandler's films are usually a hit-&-miss affair with his comedies either loved by his fans or hated by everyone. This one is not as stupid as his other films but still cannot overcome a lazy script. The direction is incredibly patchy with fast-paced action sequences giving way to slow comic exchanges between Sandler & Damon Wayans. Some of the action scenes Ã‚Â– flying a plane with no engines a car chase at night through a forest Ã‚Â– are quite absurdly contrived. The acting is the standard for this genre with Sandler & Wayans making a good pairing. In short the film is dumb but fun to watch.<br /><br />Grade: C+ Review by M. K. Geist
critique7109 This really doesn't do the blues justice. It starts out badly with images from the voyager probe and Blind Willie McTell (or was it Blind Lemon Jefferson? Someone blind anyway) apparently narrating from outer space (?) and telling us the life stories of various blues musicians. Corny as it is this might be the visually most interesting part of this documentary. Afterwards the only thing to see is actors incompetently mouthing the classic tunes filmed in fake 20s black and white intercut with the likes of Beck and Shemekia Copeland raping the same songs afterwards. This is a good device to show us why the old Blues greats were really so great but it doesn't make for compelling viewing. There is hardly anything in here that could justify making it a film and not a radio play. Nobody should be forced to see these badly done reenactments. It's a shame for Wenders Scorsese and especially for the Blues. Avoid at all costs.
critique7110 My mom and I rented this movie. I mean we love those type of Sci-Fi flicks whether they be big Hollywood flicks or Indy flicks.<br /><br />But oh we were fooled!! Two journalists are investigating a UFO abduction in a small city in Texas. Halfway through all the sudden things get all christain on us. My mom and I believe in god and Jesus and the Devil but the way this movie was preaching it made it annoying. All I really have to say is that we are Christian but even we like to have fun. So don't blame christians as a whole just blame the christians who need to suck the fun out of this movie.<br /><br />In fact you can clearly understand the directors stance on UFO's and that is that he believes it is all demonic. Now i could say some words but I will not. All I will say is that DO NOT WATCH this movie unless you feel like being preached. In fact many times it states that we must be perfect in order to enter heaven. Well last time I checked the only perfect person died on a cross.
critique7111 The blame of this terrible flick lies with the director Martin Campbell. After viewing a few of his credits in later years this must have been one of his first directorial gigs. He had a more than decent cast to work with but unfortunately he had no idea what he was doing. There were scenes that made absolutely no sense at all. Where was his head...............was he on drugs? I was looking forward to this movie just because of Oldman & Bacon. Maybe it was a short shooting schedule and Campbell just had to "bang it out". I can't imagine that the story that Campbell directed even came close to the story that the writer wrote. Oldman & Bacon along with the rest of the cast must have slid under their chairs if they went to the screening. As one poster pointed out Karen Young did do a pretty good fight scene with Bacon. She really did 'let loose'. It's unfortunate that I have to fill in more space just to stay within the guide lines of what the IMDb requires because I really don't have anything more to say about this uninspiring film. One does not have to be forced to be a 'windbag' when criticizing a terrible flick and wish that the IMDb would change the amount of words to fill up a critique.
critique7112 This Asterix is very similar to modern Disney cartoons. Soulless technically good and the usual in-jokes for adults. Maybe it's because this is the first cartoon I watched after Laputa: Castle in the Sky but it was quite disappointing.<br /><br />The plot is contrived and forgettable but it involves Asterix and Obelix going to the Viking's territory to rescue a spoilt teenager who then learns humility and finds love as well. Oh and initially they don't get on but after facing adversity they all share a deep bond of friendship... yadda yadda.<br /><br />The best bit is to watch out for the little jokes. The Vikings get all the best ones. Such as Vikea (the Viking's chief's wife) giving a list of furniture and skulls to bring back from the next raid. Or the Vikings not knowing the meaning of mercy (literally). Oh and Olaf the dumbest Viking is actually hilarious (as much for the voice acting as the dialogue).<br /><br />For example aboard the Viking ship: (After a speech by Abba the captain's daughter) Olaf: Who is this new guy? Captain: That's my daughter cod-brain! Olaf: Your... daughter's... a man?
critique7113 I am being in no way facetious when I say that this movie was worse than any other movie ever made. Worse than "Batman & Robin". Worse than "Manos Hands of Fate". Seriously it's that bad. When people tell me that a movie is terrible I use the "Two Girls" scale to figure it out. If the movie is comparable to "Two Girls" then I won't watch it. If it's twice as good maybe I'll watch it but only to laugh at the retards who paid somebody to make it because a movie twice as good as this one would still be a piece of garbage.
critique7114 The person who wrote the glowing review of this misguided project must be related to the writer/director/star--or is in fact the same person as it defies rational thinking that this movie would be appealing to anyone not connected to a very tightly woven inner circle. How about this? You want to make a movie--tell a story; entertain; draw me in with vivid characters. Sure you can do it artfully without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. However do not address elements of artistic expression in a vacuum in which the audience is in a continual struggle to grasp at skimpy narrative threads. If I'm to be moved by a dreamy psychological thread then make the concrete fabric easier to buy.
critique7115 This film simply has no redeeming features. The story is incomprehensible and the script is gross sadistic and stupid. The sex scenes are a joke as is the inevitable car chase. The music is awful. The acting is limited largely to growling and smirking. A half star dud. Shame on DirecTV for putting it on pay-per-view. In a theater people might well have thrown soda at the screen.
critique7116 Tom Wolfe's sprawling brilliantly observed satiric novel of life among New York snobbery gets a glossy look here but is nevertheless not well served. The film suffers not merely from the miscasting of everyman Tom Hanks as an uncaring Yuppie Kewpie-doll Melanie Griffith as a manipulative southern belle and Bruce Willis (?!) as the darling of New York's literati. The most serious miscasting was in the director's chair. Robert Altman might have breathed life into these unlikeable characters and made them interesting but Brian De Palma for all of his visual sophistication has never had an eye for the nuances of the human experience. The resulting film looks good but seems blah toward its subject of dehumanization in favor of status. Honestly if a satire does not make the viewer angry what is the point?
critique7117 OMG this is one of the worst films iv ever seen and iv seen a lot I'm a Film student. I don't understand why Angelina Jolie would be in this movie? Did she need the money that badly? I love AJ and have seen almost everything shes ever been in so i watched this 2 tick another one off. It was SOO bad! not even good bad just bad bad. It had 1 or 2 funny little moments but all in all it was bad n a waste of 101 minutes. I cant even say AJ looked good in it because well she didn't. The plot is predictable unless you r expecting a re-telling of Romeo and Juliet then its not. All round disappointing. Maybe if your 12 this could be a good film otherwise I really don't recommend it.
critique7118 Cruel Intentions 2 is bloody awful I mean uber-bad. Words can not explain how bad it is but I'll give it a go anyway.<br /><br />The plot of Cruel Intentions 2 is very similar to the first film. Sebastian (Robin Dunne) is kicked out of a private school and is forced to move to New York. There he decides to make a fresh start and just a life a normal life and settle down. Unfortunately he has to deal with his step-sister Kathryn (Amy Adams) wants to drag him down. Sebastain starts to fall in love Danielle (Sarah Thompson) the innocent daughter of the Headmaster of the school. Kathryn wants Sebastain to just sleep around with the whole school which had been describe as a 'whore-house'. Kathryn also wants to get revenge with Cherie (Keri Lynn Pratt) who humiliated her during the school assembly. Kathryn wanted to make the freshman into the biggest slut in the school a similar sub-plot to the first film.<br /><br />Cruel Intentions 2 is basically a cancelled TV-show which was turned into a prequel. There are so many problems with the film. It is poorly written unfunny and badly acted. Luckily for Amy Adams that the show never took off because now she is a fairly big actress. Whilst Cruel Intentions had a sense of realism and can been seen to be set in the real world Cruel Intentions 2 is set in sitcom land and as described on amazon.co.uk 'a randy version of Saved by the Bell'. There were some dark themes involving sex and drug use in the first film but in Cruel Intentions 2 tried to make it funny and some of the ideas in the film shouldn't be such as Kathryn having an affair with a teacher. Other ideas also don't work such as the secret society where all the popular kids meet to discuss the downfall of other students. The film also had a major problem of sexualised 15/16-years-old. I know that teenagers do have sex sometimes a lot but when done on film or television is treated very seriously. One famous sense was when Daneille encourages Cherie (who is around 14/15 in the film) to simulate sex on the back of a horse to the point where she has a orgasm. The idea of turning a girl around 14/15 into a slut is just very wrong with me and shouldn't be made into a subject of comedy. The jokes in the film fall flat whether if it's a verbal gag like 'she goes all moist when she sees you' to a visual gag where Sebastian pushes Kathryn face first into mud.<br /><br />There is a lot wrong with this film which I don't have time to go into but I say it should be avoid. Just watch Cruel Intentions whilst not a classic still is a decent film and treats the subject matter well.<br /><br />This film is just a pervert's wet dream having school-kids having lots of sex with each other.
critique7119 An insane assault on viewers senses. This is a mish-mash of assorted Hindi and English movies - poorly done. The name carries over from a 70s' multi star cast which the 2002 version also boasts of. The story is taken from the 70s' Sunil Dutt/Reena Roy starrer - "Nagin" and visual effects taken (a horrible attempt) from The Matrix Terminator 2 and Mission Impossible II.<br /><br />Set in a college environment (Sunil Shetty Akshaye Kumar Manisha - college kids!!!???!!) Manisha Koirala is the victim who mistakes a fatal assault on her by two students as a collective effort on the part of our heros. As it turns out Manisha is a Cobra (Nag) snake reborn as a girl in this life and her mate from the previous life now a super powerful-all-and-any-shape-assuming (Ichadhari Nag) - Munish Kohli is out looking for her in this life. Manisha appeals to him to avenge her violation and murder.<br /><br />So begins the mad killing spree where the avenging lover starts singling each male of the group with increasing powers and tricks with successive attempts. The effects are extremely cheap with computer generated skeletons morphing bodies and motorcycle stunts completing the farce.<br /><br />Carry over from Nagin includes Raj Babbar playing a catholic priest who provides temporary relief to our boys with a more "Religiously correct" multi-religion locket (the original Nagin only had an "Om") . Sunny Deol plays Manisha's love interest in her current life and the ultimate saviour against the all powerful Munish Kohli.<br /><br />Music and songs are below average.<br /><br />Avoid if you don't fancy cheap thrills.
critique7120 What is night vision? Well according to the star (Williamson) let's see...one package store owner says to him 'it's getting dark outside' to which he replies 'it makes for better.........'night vision.' What in the hell does that mean? In fact what in the hell is this movie trying to say? It has plot holes that you could drive the killer's van through. Not to mention a cop on duty drinking Robert Forster sleepwalking through this bizarre attempt at cashing in on the serial killer craze and a killer who videos his murders. That's actually all I remember.<br /><br />The film took place in Texas had a few car chases and a clichÃƒÂ©d ending. Perhaps if one watches this film with their eyes closed - it might be good? After all without being able to see it....it would make for better.....night vision. Did that make sense? Nope. And neither does this film.
critique7121 This movie was poorly conceived poorly written and poorly acted. All of the characters were two-dimensional. It was a real amateur attempt. The movie was fundamentalist Christian propaganda. The Christian characters are holier-than-thou and they are without a shred of compassion for the skeptic or the undecided characters. The movie was a real "gotcha" for both the skeptic character and myself as a viewer putting us in a very uncomfortable situation. I complained to the theater management and was given a free pass to another movie. I remember another movie on a similar subject "The Rapture" starring Mimi Rogers that was much better and professionally done. I think I'll watch "The Rapture" again. If you attend "Unidentified" and don't like it don't say I haven't warned you.
critique7122 Waters's contribution to the world of cinema has to be searched with a telescope and then when/if something is found (by sheer chance and lots of luck) it has to be analyzed with a microscope.<br /><br />And after it has been analyzed it would get discarded into the lab's "rubbish bin for totally useless things". One single atom of that microscope is worth all of his movies combined.<br /><br />CB is etremely campy and intentionally so. The usual JW stuff: comic-strip dialogue simplistic plot moronically cheerful characters chewing-gum pop overacting etc. Waters knows that he is incabaple of making a movie of quality so he hides behind the mask of the "intentionally cheesy film-maker" - which supposedly makes him a special kind of "anti-artist". But in the world of cinema being an anti-talent often gets mistaken for talent which is exactly what Waters had hoped for - and eventually got. It's a con act. Charlatans infest the world of cinema and modern pop art; it's a plague.<br /><br />Perhaps we have John Waters to blame for inspiring Baz Luhrman to make all those horrible dumb turkeys. It's like a virus: one Waters creates five new bad directors and then these five each create more and so on. Where will it end? With "Dancer In The Dark"? Can that bomb actually be topped?
critique7123 In sixth grade every teacher I had decided it would be a great idea to make this movie the curriculum for an entire semester. Every class had something to do with this terrible show. We watched it in English and wrote in journals as if we were one of the characters. In math we talked about charts and other sea crap. In science we talked about whales (which was actually somewhat interesting so this wasn't a 100% waste of time). All day everyday was torture. Not only that but they would subject us to this horror twice a day by making us watch it in study hall as well. I could see if this was a new series or something but it was like '93. I'm still trying to block this out.
critique7124 Wow I was told this would be a B movie worth watching. I feel that I was misled after seeing this preview event. The plot is a twisted make of several films at best. Even the title is a take on another film if you can give the movie that much credit. I am sorry to say that I was taken to the cleaners. I wouldn't waste your time on this one. This movie appears to be a bunch of wannabes who got together and made a poor idea of a movie on a weekend with a borrowed camera. Being in the entertainment business I can judge a decent film and this one deserves to be shelved or discarded. My advice stick to a classic like the 1979 Dawn of the Dead. On a scale of 1 to 10 even a 1 is being nice to producers because this movie BLOWS. (Below Limit Of What Sucks) The producers need to stay with their daytime jobs. If you do view the movie please be honest in your posting this one seems to have been hyped up and inflated by a few. There are a few who have seen this for what it is and posted correctly. Sorry but I have to say this is one to be skipped.
critique7125 So I'm wondering while watching this film did the producers of this movie get to save money on Sandra Bullock's wardrobe by dragging out her "before" clothes from Miss Congeniality? Did Ms. Bullock also get to sleepwalk through the role by channeling the "before" Gracie Hart? As many reviewers have noted before the film is very formulaic. Add to that the deja vu viewer experiences with the character of Cassie Maywether as a somewhat darker Gracie Hart with more back story and it rapidly become a snooze fest.<br /><br />The two bad boy serial killers have been done before (and better) in other films. As has the "good guy partner trying to protect his partner despite the evidence" character been seen before. In fact none of the characters in the film ever get beyond two dimensions or try to be anything but trite stereotypes.<br /><br />One last peeve - using the term serial killer is false advertising. Murdering one person - even if it's a premeditated murder - does not make you a serial killer. You may have the potential to become a serial killer but you are not a serial killer or even a spree killer.
critique7126 Even 20+ years later Ninja Mission stands out as the worst movie I ever managed to sit through. Scandanavian ninjas silently enter a scene fire their obnoxiously noisy sub-machine guns with wild abandon and then silently leave. Wow how will we find those silent invisible assassins? Just follow the shell casings and smoke!Painfully bad dialog (or was it brilliant and just poorly translated?) not an Asian in sight in the cast and a whopping total of 3 Asians among the stunt crew. The plot is ridiculous the acting pretty much non-existent - then again ninja can't act! Save yourselves - avoid watching at all costs!
critique7127 The story is about the life of common people from Antwerp living their lives. So I said it and there is nothing more actually to tell about the story. The movie is fast like an MTV-flick and well photographed and we feel that the director is talented and should do more films. So let's forget about this one and hope for the best with the next Deus-Barman picture.
critique7128 If you liked "Blair with" you'll like this one. It has the same lousy camera-work and soundtrack and it has the same non-existent plot and suspenseful moments.<br /><br />It also has Tom Savini so if you like Romero's "Dawn of the dead" or Tarantino and Rodriguez' "From Dusk Till Dawn" you're in for a treat. He is an icon and a very good actor as well.<br /><br />No seriously. This movie is definitely the lousiest movie I've seen in a long time and I've seen quite a few movies -- bad ones as well. I can tell you that I find most horror movies entertaining in some respect but this was just a pure waste of time.<br /><br />The only reason why I gave this movie 2 instead of 1 was the naked chicks and the hot action with all the sharp-looking plastic teeth... No I'm just kidding. I must have missed before I hit "submit" on the vote form.<br /><br />Stay away even though it has sexy girls with teeth on the cover!
critique7129 We saw this on the shelf at the local video store saw "Coppola" in the credits and got excited. That was the one and only time this movie raised any interest. I could never quite work out if it was an attempt at a humourous film that failed miserably or an attempt at a serious film that failed miserably. In general the entire production seemed incredibly amatuerish. The sound in particular was absolutely dreadful especially in the scenes shot in the little bar; the dialogue was so corny in parts it was unbelievable. Very disappointing.
critique7130 While not exactly offensive the 1967 version of "The Perils of Pauline" is certainly moronic. The title might lead you to expect a tribute to Pearl White (the original Pauline in the 1914 silent 20 episode serial) but for that you would be better served by the 1947 version starring Betty Hutton. This 1967 version is like a mix of "Casino Royale" and the weakest of the Elvis movies. Worst of all it is not a blend of these but more like someone scotch-taped together segments from each so that the thing skips back and forth between the two styles. <br /><br />What unity there is in the production comes from the pairing of Pamela Austin (Pauline) and Pat Boone (George Steadman) a good match because both lack even the most basic of acting skills (imagine Mandy Moore playing opposite Dan Quayle). <br /><br />Austin would later play opposite John Aston in "Evil Roy Slade" with the talent disparity between them actually painful to watch. In the mid-60's she was the "Dodge Rebellion" girl as such she was featured in a similar series of perilous situations-imagine Sandra Dee in a dark blue jumpsuit. When the automaker's ad agency replaced her with the "Dodge Fever" girl someone got the bright idea to showcase her in a feature film. <br /><br />What story there is here begins with Pauline growing up in the Baskerville Foundling Home run by the actress who played Mrs. Chatsworth Osborne Sr. on "Dobie Gillis". George falls in love with her (Pauline-not Mrs Osborne) and sabotages several opportunities she has to be adopted. George leaves to seek his fortune and 19 year old Pauline gets a job tutoring a young oil rich Middle Eastern prince. When he tries to add the attractive blonde to his harem she runs away and goes from peril to peril. These include African pygmies a 99Ã‚Â½ year-old millionaire who wants to freeze her until his one year-old grandson is old enough for marriage the movie industry and the Russian space program.<br /><br />All this is intended to be silly and charming but manages only the silly part. There is some effort to incorporate a silent film look to the action sequences by simulating the under- cranking of a camera (which speeds up the action). Unfortunately everything else (film stock production design editing) is depressingly 1960's. Nothing here even approaches the images of Pearl White strapped to a log moving toward a buzz-saw or tied to railway track waiting for the approaching train.<br /><br />Then again what do I know? I'm only a child.
critique7131 Interesting idea and storyline which didn't quite work.<br /><br />When you see the film maybe you will feel as dissatisfied with the ending as I did. I didn't really know who to root for in the movie Taye Diggs looked bored as the detective the rest of the characters seem so one-dimensional and unpleasant.<br /><br />If the victim Alicia(Mia Kirschner) had been more of a nice girl we might actually have enjoyed seeing the plot unfold and the perpetrator brought to justice. The problem was that she was as bitchy as the other girls turning from sweet girl to conniving opportunistic cokehead. I can't understand the moral message of this film and as a detective story and thriller it doesn't work.
critique7132 I have been reading the reviews for this movie and now I wanna kill my self. I don't wanna live in a world where people find this move or Rob Schneider funny. What is wrong with these people. I'm not angry at Rob Schneider because he has the intelligence of a dead cat. I watched this film in disbelief. Who would pay money to make this?? This film is so bad that its painful. Most bad films are funny because they are crap. The Animal is just DISGUSTING!!! Watch this film and if you like please for all of man kind kill your self. We don't need you. I want to raise money to get Rob Scheider off all movies. If someone killed Rob Schneider they should be given a Nobel peace prize.
critique7133 It's one of the funny things about being young that one can be fooled easily by advertising. I have spoken before on another filmin which the commercial for the (comedy) film makes it seem funnier than it is. Seeing the ad for this in 1981 made me think this was going to be a wildly funny film. What I and my brother who went and saw it with me didn't know is that the scene used in the TV ad was the very last scene in the film! <br /><br />Since this scene is the end result of all that came before in the filmI can only guess that there was nothing else funny to use! The last scene isthanks to a youth potionDr. Fu Manchu turns from a long bearded old maninto a bright young Asian/Elvis like rock star! (With back up singers no less!) <br /><br />Set for no real reasonin the 1930'sPeter Sellers does his best with the material at hand but he's not given any really good reason for his "comedic" moments. The rest of the actors were just plain dull and my brother and I sat all through this barely laughing at anything. It was only natural that we were expecting a "Pink Panther" type comedyPeter Sellers was so great at that. <br /><br />It's a pitiful shame this was his last film before he died. His appearance on the Muppet Show was more entertaining than this ill-conceived flop. StillI don't fault him. I fault everyone else involved for not trying to make a better film of this. 2 stars is being generous!!
critique7134 I have never seen so much talent and money used to produce anything so bad in my entire life! As stated in other commentaries a who's who of talent such as Christopher Plummer Faye Dunaway Donald Sutherland and many more were thrown together in a film that is not recognizable as an Agatha Christie story. I keep thinking of how it could be with the same cast done the right way. <br /><br />The film has even less intimacy than the Christopher Reeves 'Superman' movies. The large cast makes the slick production even less effective than in those films because there is not enough time to get to know anyone. Dave Brubeck's progressive jazz soundtrack had me wondering if the wrong video was in the the case from the rental store. The music became more and more offensive as the plot progressed. It's hard to say whether the soundtrack or the annoying technique of repeating information from earlier scenes was more offensive. From someone who has seen most Christie films (that's what attracted me to this it was one of the few I hadn't seen) miss this one. It is not an Agatha Christie movie. Golan-Globus are better suited to producing flicks about big time wrestling rather than the snug atmosphere of English mystery.
critique7135 When I saw this movie cover the first thing I thought was that it was made for video. The second thing that came to mind was how similar this looked to another terrible movie "Darkness Falls" the tale of this dumb witch who killed people in the dark. Unfortunately Darkness Falls was quite the masterpiece compared to this pile of garbage and this movie should not have been made.<br /><br />The film starts off with a small back story for the witch or more like a pointless introduction of two little kids who are going to go meet the tooth fairy in hopes of her giving them a shiny new bicycle for their tooth. The opening is filmed poorly and like the rest of the movie it's certainly not scary. In present time the movie is about Peter (Lochlyn Munroe). Peter's renting out his house and his ex-girlfriend Darcy (Chandra West) and her daughter Cole come to stay there. Cole meets a neighborhood child and they talk of the Tooth Fairy and how you shouldn't lose your tooth or she'll come for you. Unfortunately seconds later it looks like the Tooth Fairy steals her bike and knocks her tooth out (How ironic). Will Cole survive the wrath of the Tooth Fairy and will her mother and Peter be able to save her and rekindle their romance...this is a bad movie you could probably figure it out.<br /><br />One of the main problems with this idiotic film is how undefined the Tooth Fairy is. They say she kills you if you lose your tooth but nope. She's more like a serial killer who kills at random and if you lose your tooth you're definitely going to go. She steals a bike so apparently she's a thief too. I said earlier that the idea for this movie was based on Darkness Falls but where did they get the inspiration for the Tooth Fairy's appearance? Let's see. She looks like a burn victim and she previously went around the neighborhood slaughtering children. Hmmm...it's almost as though she's an exact rip-off of Freddy Krueger from the "Nightmare on Elm Street" films. And this is not the worst part of this awful mess the climax is. This movie might have the most laughable climax (Not literally laughable because I found it more sickening than funny) I've ever seen. Don't see this.<br /><br />Just a little trivia. Lochlyn Munroe was in Scary Movie and Jianna Ballard was in Scary Movie 3 and they both were in this so apparently Scary Movie stars are forced to end out their career with bad scary movies.<br /><br />My rating: 1/2 out of ****. 80 mins. R for violence.
critique7136 Not a very good movie but according to the info it's pretty accurate in depicting torture techniques. The purpose of the film was to show the brutality of the NK POW camps and that's done effectively enough with surprising frankness for the time. Whatever technical flaws exist (and there are plenty) by watching this you'll see a forgotten corner of a forgotten war and some pretty nasty stuff - again nasty because it's being done north of the DMZ and not in Guantanamo Bay.<br /><br />I don't think any of the Korean veterans brought up his torture when running for office and if you watch the movies like this one and Pork Chop Hill in comparison to the Vietnam films. I don't know if it was the people in '54 being trapped in the WWII concepts (the boys tend to wisecrack a lot) or the war or what but it's interesting to see this from the same system that 16 years later would be making movies like "Go Tell The Spartans".
critique7137 I saw this movie on videotape with my younger brother a long time ago despite the fact I was a young boy who's hearing impaired. I didn't have the closed captioning decoder at the time (it was 1986 the year of The Transformers: The Movie) but I could follow the plot and understand what's going on. It wasn't my fault I saw the animated movie intended for girls. My father rented the video to show to my other younger sister.<br /><br />A decade later and I rented the video (for 50 cents) to watch again with the closed captioning turned on. My memories of this movie was utterly destroyed by none other than a WRETCHED SCRIPT. I have seen plenty of poorly written movies (like COOL AS ICE and JASON GOES TO HELL: THE FINAL FRIDAY) but I have never seen (or heard) the dialogues this bad only inundating with enough inanity to make your head spin from laughing in hysterics and screaming from the pain of enduring the torture of sitting through this movie. Despite good plot and intriguing story concepts the script has to be ONE OF THE WORST EVER WRITTEN FOR THE SCREEN BAR NONE! The incompetent Howard R. Cohen should never be working as a screenwriter professional or otherwise. I can not believe they would even allow the terrible script to produce a movie like this in the first place. Did the Japanese producers read the script in broken English or translated before they know what they were into? Even crap like G.I. Joe The Movie and My Little Pony The Movie have redeeming values compared to this abomination.<br /><br />If you're a big fan of 80s animation or just taking a nostalgia trip BEWARE OF RAINBOW BRITE AND THE STAR STEALER! It does not matter whether you were elated or traumatized by the sloppily animated movie with an atrociously written script or you have not seen the movie STAY AWAY FROM THIS MOVIE. The movie should be viewed with the precaution to learn how NOT to write a bad script!
critique7138 *Sigh* Leave it to us Finns to take a stupid idea blow it out of proportion and try to market it as cool. Lordi is a mediocre band at best and a single gimmick will get you only so far.<br /><br />To all you marketing idiots out there: this is the reason for the inherent minority complex that is often encountered when Finland tries to export something.<br /><br />Lordi isn't scary. Lordi is lame. Lordi is OVER.<br /><br />I want to apologize to the rest of the world for this plastic-faced idiocy. Sure they won the Eurovision.<br /><br />No wait - they won the Eurovision. That's it. I rest my case.
critique7139 I watched "Deadly Voyage" because David Suchet was in it after enjoying him in the "Poirot" series. And Joss Ackland is always worth watching so I went into the film with an expectation of it being a potentially worthwhile film. Alas it was not to be.<br /><br />I won't bother critiquing the performances the pacing the cinematography or any other structural aspect of the film; others here have already given their opinions on those elements. The only thing I want to address is the film's message since it proclaims in the intro that it's based upon a true story and therein hangs the film's supposed importance.<br /><br />"Deadly Voyage" primarily focuses upon an impoverished black African man named Kingsley who wants to move to the US because he believes that he can make money there. Nothing more nothing less -- his motivation is utterly selfish. (Of course some people will prevaricate by saying that he was doing it for his family but in fact he decided to have children on the income he could make in Ghana so he really just created his own problem.) To that end Kingsley decides to stow-away aboard a Russian freighter bound for New York. In the process of doing this he faces harsh conditions racist crew members and other challenges.<br /><br />But this is precisely where the film leaves me unsympathetic. Why should the audience be expected to care about Kingsley? Simply because he has a goal? Goals aren't such a rare commodity that his should be privileged above say the goal of the ship's captain or the woman he left at home with his newborn child. Kingsley's goal is illegal in the eyes of the US Government. It is also illegal in that it steals from the Russian shipping company. If he makes it to the US it would involve taking out of a system that he has not put into. And if he gets caught the shipping company will be fined $45000. I doubt very much that any of the stowaways care about what their chosen course of action is costing anyone else; they're clearly just out for their own gain. He could've spent the $1000 he won in the lottery at the beginning of the film for legal passage to the US and applied for residency and a work permit. Instead he takes the illegal (and dangerous) route.<br /><br />So since Kingsley's voyage is illegal selfish and cannot be ethically justified why should we care about him or his ordeal? Simply because he faces challenges? Why should his challenges be privileged above the challenge of the Russian shipping company getting to New York without stowaways? Because he's black and the shipping company is white? The reason seems to be because Danny Glover (the film's executive producer) and others involved want us to root for Kingsley as if he's a hero on some sort of noble voyage. But once you accept that illegal immigration theft and a fool's mission aren't noble at all you can't really care about him.<br /><br />Before anyone plays the race card I assure you that I would've felt the same no matter what ethnicity/nationality the involved parties were. Imagine if a British person decided to stow-away in a train headed for Bhutan sneak across the border and collect "unwanted" Buddhist antiquities to bring back to Britain to sell. How much sympathy could the challenges he faced generate? Very little I'd bet. So why should we feel different for Kingley? Because he's black? Because he's poor by American standards? The filmmakers are banking on us sharing their views that the ends justify the means and that a shipping company being fined $45000 is inconsequential compared to the remote possibility of an unskilled laborer earning slightly more in the US than he could've if he had just stayed in his own home country. I didn't buy it for a minute.
critique7140 Good actors and good performances can't mask a pointless script bad dialogue and patterns of behavior spiraling into nothing you'd care about. The most interesting character is David Berkowitz. No character development - no growth no interest just some suffering for no particular reason teaching us nothing and not even bothering to entertain.
critique7141 I watched Free Money last night & it was the longest 90+ minutes of my life. With such an intriguing cast I really thought that I was in for a treat - especially since I'm a Brando fan. WRONG! What a waste of talent. It's almost embarrassing to watch at times (like the cattle prod scene) & there were so many missed opportunities for humorous setups (why didn't they show Charlie Sheen's character going back to tow Brando's truck?) Ugh. It tries to be a slapstick comedy but I just wasn't buying into it. Skip this one. Only for die-hard Brando fans.<br /><br />I'm giving it 2 out of 10 because I still think the worse movie ever made was Skidoo.
critique7142 I sincerely wonder why this film was ever made. A Bulgarian-Italian co-production set in a version of Berlin where all Germans speak English with a German accent and all Turks speak English with some Turkish words in between is hardly credible. The English vocabulary is basically limited to "fuck you bastard" and the acting is worse than anyone can imagine. Apart from this racial tensions in Germany can be an interesting subject but in the Germany I know there are no gangs shooting each other in the middle of the street in clear daylight. And if all that is not enough there is also a serial killer going around who kills Turkish children and paints them white. In order to create some tension we see the serial killer and hear him hum Schubert's lullaby but we won't see his face. <br /><br />I don't even believe they actually shot it in Germany. There are some street shots that are quite obviously in Berlin but the actors are not seen in those shot. It's probably Bulgaria with some German signs added here and there.
critique7143 What a shame. This could have been good. The main problems are the script and the star. The film cannot decide whether to be a slapstick comedy (of a very uninspired and routine kind) or whether to be a insightful satire on the old East Germany and its mores. Its attempts at the latter flop totally however. The film does not hold together well and the ending is very artificial and unbelievable. Any stereotypes one might have about German comedy are sadly reinforced.<br /><br />The characters are stereotypes one and all and the leading character played by Kim Frank is colourless in the extreme. He just cannot carry the film and appears to have been chosen largely for his baby face. It may not be all the actor's fault (he is a pop singer) as the script does not give him much to work on.<br /><br />One plus -- the recreation of the East German 'style' and period is good.<br /><br />The worst thing is that the film feels somehow dishonest and demeaning. The film seems to have been churned out by people who were not necessarily giving it their best and just wanted to make a quick buck from a few cheap laughs. (If they were giving it their best it is a sad case indeed!) I watched it at the cinema with an East German audience and I felt sorry for them. The GDR regime was awful in almost all respects but those who lived through it deserve better than this.
critique7144 I'm still laughing- Not! I'm still asking my myself what the point was. I barely got a chuckle this movie sucks. It tries to be charming and touching but it turns out stupid. I do not recommend it.
critique7145 WARNING: MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS<br /><br /> The ripples in the wake of the first "Jaws" movie were still prominent in the 1980s as well as beyond. Movie monsters went from being radioactive monstrosities to unknown and voracious beasts lurking in the unexplored corners of human experience (ie: the ocean deep space genetics). Although "Jaws" was a milestone in this particular realm of film horror few films have been able to match the visceral impact of the original. "Shark rosso nell'oceano" (aka Devil Fish or Red Ocean) is a dutiful follower of the original "Jaws" formula. After several hapless boats and seagoers are brutally murdered by some ocean creature there is an initial drive to discover the beast then a failure to study it without horrible results and a final push to destroy it. Although the filmmakers attempted to inject some fresh life into the equation by adding elements of technology and corporate conspiracy the result is nothing short of disastrous. This movie sinks under its own weight of ghastly editing brittle acting and cheap scares.<br /><br /> The most sickly compelling feature of "Devil Fish" is its cookie-cutter editing. From the onset of the film when 3 different scenes are mashed together the viewer gets a sense that the film lacks any technical credibility. It appears as if the editors cut the scenes around a set musical score instead of cutting the film and then making necessary changes to the music. Furthermore every cut is an intercut and it would appear as if the editors had never heard of the terms "fade" "wipe" or "dissolve". The impact of scenes can never settle in because they are immediately cut short after a final line and a new scene begins. Silly camera tricks abound such as when two of the principle characters share a private moment on the beach and a sort of time-lapse image of their act is composited over their bodies.<br /><br /> The music is equally bland. The creature theme is a hopeless duplicate of the "Jaws" theme with slight variation. Although I like to keep my reviews devoid of MST3K influence Mike most aptly described the somber score as "soft core porn music". Failing to produce tension in a film that relies so heavily on it is a death blow to "Devil Fish". The acting is stale the relationships baffling and the whole conspiracy is laughable. The question remains that if genetics had advanced to such a level to create a huge chimera of a sea monster to protect oceanic interests why couldn't a more practical use be administered to better mankind? One of the few positive aspects of this film is the idea of the monster even though its film presence is less than stellar.<br /><br /> Overall this movie is bad enough to dip below mediocre. If "Jaws" had never been made then the film could be described as average because its subject matter would be new and exciting even if it was executed ineffectively. Sadly as a carbon copy of Spielberg's original thriller it sits most comfortably on a garbage heap of cheese.
critique7146 Visitors is a hard hard movie to enjoy. It's so slow and leaden in it's pacing that at times I was drifting off during the film. This was about 11AM on a hot sunny day I might add not midnight on a cold winter evening so you get an idea of just how slow this movie is.<br /><br />Strange thing is it's not long. At 100 minutes it's only ten minutes longer than the average straight to video and it's only fifteen minutes longer than the superior Darkwolf that I'd quite happily watched the day before. It just drags an awful lot enough for you to lose interest.<br /><br />When it's not mistaking S-L-O-O-W development for atmosphere Visitors is good enough at action to almost make it excusable how slowly things happen. While the flashbacks are both cheap and annoying as a way to round out Radha Mitchell's boats-woman the hauntings/aliens/whatever are actually quite creepy and effective especially when her suicidal mother turns up and starts groaning in the night. Full marks for not splurging make-up all over the shop too. The single person boat is a creepy place and at times the movie uses the full power of the location and the deserted sea to scare the hell out of you.<br /><br />Still though I find it hard to recommend Visitors. I came out of it not only feeling like I'd just watched a 4 hour film not a 100 minute one but also feeling like I'd been cheated somehow as while offering many explanations as to the hauntings (Mind games? Real ghosts? Space aliens?) Visitors doesn't pick one for definite. All that watching Radha Mitchell talk to her cat and Dominic Purcell smoulder for no obvious reason about some unexplained horrific event in the past for nothing?. Say what you like about Shyamalan but at least he tells you what happened however crazy/stupid you might think it. If you don't watch a lot of these movies your fresh perspective will probably improve matters somewhat but I found this slow boring and highly derivative. If you want to scare yourself silly there are much better places to do it if you want a clever thriller there are many that are smarter.
critique7147 At the least some of the sitcoms that churn endlessly out of the US are honestly bad. This junk however portrays a "heart warming" parenty side to a clothes horse. Acting laughably "learnt" with glances and phrases delivered in the "I'm SO important and thin and beautiful" fashion. In the episode I just sat agog through someone's "job" was at risk simply because a colleague had "placed" a phone call slagging her capabilities off ... !! Really this is the lowest of the low. What kind of damage does this foist on the watching masses seeing only glitzy glam-puss people parading around "working". Utterly sick making. When the titles rolled I thought oh well it provided jobs for the boys. You know who you are.
critique7148 I've seen thousands of movies and have never written a review but the Red Eye I witnessed is so at odds with the glowing tributes posted here that I'm compelled to offer my two cents in protest- and vote the lowest score possible just to bring the average closer to reality. <br /><br />This is a dull boring stinker of a film that is memorable only for its apologist depictions of the terrorists' target (a John Bolton-esquire bully diplomat who's really a great guy don't you know) and of the oh-so-handsome and popular Dr. Phil (whose bestselling book one learns is read by frequent fliers worldwide). The only real Red Eye I experienced was from rubbing my eyes in disbelief.<br /><br />Before you fork out $10 or so dollars for this B movie read the selected 'Quotes (from trailer)' above and ask yourself if you'll really enjoy a movie in which these were the cleverest lines to be found. Unfortunately nothing else in this film is any better. The basic premise is goofy as hell; the acting is bland and uninspired completely lacking in pro/antagonist chemistry; the potential for suspense is thwarted at every turn- except during the last five minutes- by poor directing and anticipatory editing; the script is riddled with incongruities like: early reveals of the heroine as a university lacrosse star are called into question when she later battles the antagonist with a field hockey stick; and the plot holes are wider than First Class (while character development is strictly Coach).<br /><br />And then there are the moments of extreme ridiculousness like when the daughter of a high level public servant does NOT head straight for airport security at her first opportunity to warn them of an assassination plot against the both the head of Homeland Security and her father. Or when that same woman runs hell-bent-for-leather along slick airport linoleum arms pistoning and veins in her neck bulging while wearing 4 inch stiletto heels. Or when her pursuer chases likewise with a sucking wound in his trachea. Or when terrorists use a fishing pole to bring up their weapon from the freaking harbor bottom. I'm always willing to suspend disbelief but I'm not going to leap from 3000 feet without a parachute.<br /><br />The one good thing I can say of this movie is that it portrays women who are capable (even in bimbo form) of handling the most extreme emergencies- the kind of gender imaging sorely lacking in American movies. Other than that this movie never really takes off and is no more thrilling than the red eye flight from Boston to NY. Remember the last time you got suckered by deceptive trailers and glowing tributes- in this forum or elsewhere? This is one of those times. Wait for the Red Eye video and don't watch it then either.
critique7149 Sadly this movie is not very good. But does it really matter ? We all know the basics for the story and this has nothing new. But I love low budget horror & sci fic camp classics ... so I forgive this one. About thew only thing that anyone remember from this movie is that little Leonardo DiCaprio made his debut in it.<br /><br />He did OK. The part didn't ask for great acting skills and the direction probably never gave him any chance of providing one anyway ... Little Leonardo DiCaprio was very cute ... and so was the girl. The movie is fun if you like horror & sci fic camp classics and are experienced in watching them.
critique7150 It SURPRISINGLY had a plot! ;) I've seen movies with less plot (I don't wanna mention Asian movies but...). I thought the camera wasn't bad at all for a cheap movie like this and also the atmosphere wasn't too bad. There is no real reason for most things people do and the way they react to what happens. Although I do think that about a lot of movies in this case it was horrible of course.<br /><br />It ripped off some movies SO badly just for single scenes. The acting was bad but I've seen worse. The movie was bad but I've seen worse. Watching this film is an experience between boredom laughing fits death wish sadism horniness and entertainment on a low level.<br /><br />So if you like gory movies with stupid plots this one is the right film for you.<br /><br />I gave it 3/10 because it CAN be entertaining if you don't expect to see a good movie and you're in the right mood.
critique7151 MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS...BUT DOUBT IT CAN ACTUALLY BE SPOILT!!.<br /><br />Five Across The Eyes can be summed up in one word....Amateurish. This film tries it's best to be different from most films by the 'Blair Witch' type of filming....it doesn't work....it just ends up looking and feeling like somebody had a cheap video camera a van and decided to make a movie. The story has no explanation the protagonist is given no real motivation (and looks like a lesbian wearing a power-suit compared to the five girls) and there is no violence to speak of...just the sounds of screaming and crunching. The whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is out of the question. The five girls really do their best with what they've been given but on the whole come across as pretty terrible actresses...although with the material given it's hard to judge if they can actually aCt....they spend THE WHOLE movie screaming squealing and whimpering....so much that half the time it's hard to make out what was said and the cameras are so bad it's actually hard to tell who said it. This video paints itself as a violent torture film but is in fact just five girls in a van screaming in terror...that literally sums up the whole movie.....we then get to the end after what seems like 5 hours of constant screaming and all five girls are still alive... with one minus a finger. The only thumbs up(get it...finger....LOL) is for the poor actresses who tried hard and probably lost their voices(and their pride) after making this terrible movie. Do not judge this by the poster....you'll be very let down.
critique7152 If you have read the book - do not set your hopes high if you have not - go read it and never watch the film. It is strange to learn that Toby Young was actually involved a lot in the writing of the script (as he claims himself in the post script of the book). Because the film is very different from the book.<br /><br />What the film seems to be aiming at - taking a rather thought provoking and entertaining piece that combines philosophical ideas with plain funny sarcasm and simplifying it so that everyone would understand it - it achieves with perfection. The film is full of bad and cheap jokes suitable for a sitcoms and has lost any meaningful message that it could have had.<br /><br />You are better off not seeing it.
critique7153 It utterly defeats me why Godard is taken so seriously - and One Plus One is a great example of his ineptitude as both a filmmaker and an 'intellectual' polemicist. It's hard to credit that Godard actually believed all that Marxist and Maoist kant. Anyone with half a brain could work out the bankruptcy of those 'isms' and how many people they had destroyed and were continuing to destroy even as Godard was making his films supporting them. As a filmmaker ask yourself: would you have boring voice-overs reading tedious political diatribes at your audience and then when you couldn't think of anything else to do layer another voice-over to the first voice-over which had lost its listeners after the first 100 words in any case? Brilliant Jean-Luc! As for Godard insisting on making a film with the Rolling Stones: of course he did; wouldn't you? It was the only guarantee of getting such mindless rubbish seen in the first place: the genius of the Stones eclipsing a talentless and babbling political idiot set loose with a camera. The bookshop scene wasn't worthy of even the worst fringe theatre and was an insult to the intelligence of even the young children who were used to play in it - as could be readily seen. Copping-out by allowing friendly critics to claim that all this artless crap was a satire on mainstream film-making is no more than a safe get-out to offer those who clearly see Godard's poverty of intellect and arrogant contempt for his audience. Ironic that Godard's one-time great friend Truffaut with Nuit Americain made the best film about film-making ever and Godard made the worst with Le Mepris! Incidentally Godard didn't choose the Stones' track of Sympathy With the Devil. It just happened to be the track they were working on when the 'film' started shooting at Barnes Olympic Studios.
critique7154 Some nice scenery but the story itself--in which a self-proclaimed Egyptologist (Lesley-Anne Down) visits Egypt and in the course of doing Egyptologist things in the most un-Egyptologistic of ways (e.g. flash photography in the tombs the handling of old parchment etc.) uncovers a black market turf war and somehow (in the span of two days no less!) becomes that war's jumpsuit-wearing epicenter--is more puzzling than any riddle the Sphinx ever posed. Down is simply awful as the visiting British scholar (that she seems to know absolutely nothing about the culture of Egypt and even less about antiquities is the fault of the writers certainly; but that she's annoying as all get out is her own fault entirely) and the rest of the cast including Sir John Gielgud and Frank Langella seem as downright confused by the proceedings as I was. In short not what you'd expect from Schaffner (Planet of the Apes Patton) and co.<br /><br />Worth watching for a laughably dated scene in which Down rails against all male scholars blaming them for her failure as an academic while bathed under the softest light Hollywood could muster. To top it off she spends the next hour of the film shrieking and harried and running into the arms of any dude she can find. Wow talk about your performative irony!<br /><br />*Note to would-be Egyptologists: take a year or two of Arabic in grad school. It'll really help out in the long run...
critique7155 As you may or may not have heard there is no actual fighting between vampires or zombies in this film. One may then ask why the title suggested such a thing but really it's kind of appropriate because nothing else about this film made any sense either. There was absolutely no story or plot just things happening. The acting was incredibly bad worse than safeauto commercials bad.<br /><br />Not only were there no fighting between vampires and zombies but I think there was only one scene with zombies even in it. Their make up looked as if it were applied by an 8 year old girl. The scene was totally random and out of place and featured one of the characters fighting the zombies off with a hedge trimmer (I'm not kidding) but they used chainsaw sound effects.<br /><br />This was undoubtedly the poorest movie I've ever seen in my life. The only circumstance that I wouldn't totally ridicule every person responsible for production of this film is if I learned that it was produced entirely by 11 year old's.<br /><br />Really though even with all of the criticism I offer here I'd suggest watching this movie solely based on the fact that it may very well be the worst movie ever and because of this is quite comical. Even just counting the flaws in it should keep you entertained.
critique7156 Nominated for the oscar "worst script ever" in my opinion. There's no decent story rediculous acting VERY lousy humor. By every means possible if you have little self respect please don't waste your time seeing this movie. Although u can see the actors CAN act it leaves you dumber after watching it. Precious braincells are being killed watching this crap...<br /><br />i warned u<br /><br />DON'T SEE THIS MOVIE
critique7157 Well TiVo recorded this because of Angelina Jolie. It had 2.5 stars. It seemed promising. It went downhill fast.<br /><br />There is much overacting even from Angelina. She's about 20 and playing a 16 year old. There are three characters that are supposed to be Italian. Everyone else is Italian- American. The native Italian accents were good I thought. The young male lead is cute my wife says. Everyone else in this movie is a fat Italian woman. Even the men.<br /><br />I should have known that when Dick Van Patten was cast as a randy doctor that that was a bad sign. The two couples chasing their kids around are like the four Italian Stooges.<br /><br />My wife would not let go of the remote. Hopefully she was not taking makeup clothing or decorating tips. It was a sick and twisted combination of hideous and garish. It was hidegarishous.<br /><br />Cutting off my left ventricle was not sufficient to distract from the pain of watching this movie. If this movie shows up on your TV do yourself a favor and ram your head through the TV screen instead. You'll be glad you did. The only movie I've ever seen that was worse than this was "Hamburger: The Movie". Or maybe "Deadly Friend".
critique7158 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique7159 This is a terrible production of Bartleby though not as the other reviewer put it because it is "unfilmable" but rather because this version does not maintain the spirit of the book. It tells the story almost painfully so. Watching it I could turn the pages in my book and follow along which is not as much fun when dealing with an adaptation. Rather see the 2001 version of Bartleby featuring Crispin Glover. That version while humorous brings new details to the film while maintaining the spirit of the novel. What's important is the spirit not the minutiae of things like setting character names and costumes. The difference between these film versions is like night and day tedious and hilarious. This version is a lesson as to what can go wrong if an adaptation is handled poorly painful mind-numbing schlock.
critique7160 Basically this is a pale shadow of High Fidelity which was a witty and wonderfully acted film with several truly winning character turns. Watching the Detectives has none of that.<br /><br />The premise of a video store geek swept off his feet by a quirky mystery woman is a good one but is never fully or adequately explored thanks to a very weak script and the miscasting of the leads not to mention the lack of any real visual story-telling style. I mean this film is centered around MOVIES yet is itself incredibly uncinematic! That's a major failing right there.<br /><br />But the main problem is we simply don't care about the main characters because the script and the actors (Murphy and Liu) fail to make them true or sympathetic in any real way. So the film just becomes a series of episodes involving two people who seem well not terribly interesting.<br /><br />Oh yeah another thing: For a romantic comedy? It's not funny. And the romance isn't terribly romantic either.<br /><br />So avoid it. Even at its 90-something minute running time it's just not worth sitting through...
critique7161 I finally managed to sit through a whole episode of this show. I was very very tired. Clearly. Previously I would always have to turn it off because I thought it was that bad. Watching a full episode convinces me that it really is that bad. I couldn't even tell you what happened but I distinctively remember not laughing. For people who think this is the new All in the Family or Married with Children...have you ever actually WATCHED those shows? They are well written and well acted and most importantly funny! This show is NOT funny. You might think so if this is the first sitcom you have ever watched. I cannot see who else would. I echo all previous sentiments about Arrested Development etc... It's probably my own fault for getting frustrated with television and not watching it thereby allowing the stupid people to dictate what actually stays on the air.
critique7162 I saw this film under the title of "Tied Up". In general I have enjoyed Dolph's movies so gave this one a try. It wasn't worth it. I have read some of the previous comments about the box enticing viewers. Don't be fooled. This is a poor film at best. The acting is nonexistent. The plot what little there is of one is very predictable. The movie in places seems to be chopped together. This one just plain stinks the place up. Not even worth the price of a cheap night rental. As a bit of a Dolph fan I kept waiting to see him in action. By the end of the movie you will still be waiting. Best to avoid this film and spend your time watching almost anything else.
critique7163 This movie is something horrible. I was laughing all the time. I was forced to stop in some scenes because my mom thought it's not polite to laugh when people are dying but in this movie even death looks ridiculous. Especially when Tornado Tommy is sucked into one tornado.<br /><br />Explosions of cars thrown onto buildings by the forces of wind look like ones from the old school side scroller game called R-Type. Dialogues are very bad and I am interested how they managed to persuade some of the actors to play in this movie. It is simply amazing how such bad movie can make it into the TV.<br /><br />Only real reason to watch this movie is to have some fun of nonsense and absurdity.
critique7164 That's what I kept asking myself during the many fights screaming matches swearing and general mayhem that permeate the 84 minutes. The comparisons also stand up when you think of the one-dimensional characters who have so little depth that it is virtually impossible to care what happens to them. They are just badly written cyphers for the director to hang his multicultural beliefs on a topic that has been done much better in other dramas both on TV and the cinema.<br /><br />I must confess I'm not really one for spotting bad performances during a film but it must be said that Nichola Burley (as the heroine's slutty best friend) and Wasim Zakir (as the nasty bullying brother) were absolutely terrible. I don't know what acting school they graduated from but if I was them I'd apply for a full refund post haste. Only Samina Awan in the lead role manages to impress in a cast of so-called British talent that we'll probably never hear from again. At least that's the hope. Next time hire a different scout.<br /><br />Another intriguing thought is the hideously fashionable soundtrack featuring the likes of Snow Patrol Ian Brown and Keane. Now I'm a bit of a music fan and I'm familiar with most of these artists output but I didn't recognise any of the tracks during this movie (apart from the omnipresent "Run"). B-sides anyone? We get many many musical montages which telegraph how we're suppose to feel. These are accompanied by such startlingly original images as couples kissing by a swollen lake and canoodling in doorways. This is a problem as none of the songs convey the mood efficiently and we realise the director lacks the ability to carry the emotional journey to the audience through storytelling and dialogue alone.<br /><br />The ending is presumably meant to be just desserts as everybody gets their comeuppance and there is at least one big shock in store.. But I remained resolutely unmoved because the script had given me no-one to root for. It's not enough to tackle a hot-button issue you have to actually give us a plot that hasn't already been done to death and individuals who are more than window dressing. As it stands this film is a noble failure with only the promising lead actress and a few mildly diverting punch-ups to save it from the bin. 4/10. Must try harder..
critique7165 I rented the video of "The Piano Teacher" knowing nothing about it other than what was written on the video box. I did this with some trepidation because films that win awards at Cannes are usually very good or very bad. Unfortunately this one falls in the latter category. About one quarter of the way into it I found myself saying out loud "This movie is boring." About half way through I was saying to myself "Where have I seen this before?" At the three quarters mark I had figured it out.<br /><br />In spite of its literary origins this film is essentially a remake of Robert Altman's much earlier (1969) and better "That Cold Day in the Park." Although the details obviously differ and Altman's work was more plot-driven and less of a character study the two films are thematically identical. There is nothing "new" to be seen in this production. Every aspect of it has been done before: a character spiralling out of control with increasingly self-destructive behavior (Abel Ferrara's "Bad Lieutenant" 1992); a perverse and doomed 'love' culminating in an operatic (near) death scene (David Cronenberg's "M. Butterfly" 1993); uncommonly brutal sex scenes (David Lynch's "Blue Velvet" 1986); and so on. Hence I am bemused by the fact that so many found the film to be "shocking" "shattering" etc. This highly derivative film seems to have been made for the sole purpose of making viewers feel uncomfortable and clearly succeeded with some. However I largely attribute such a reaction to a lack of film-viewing experience. See enough movies and you really will eventually have seen it all. And while it is true that I saw the expurgated 'R-rated' version I doubt that the additional scenes would change my overall opinion of "The Piano Teacher."<br /><br />Technically the film is not without merit. There is some very good camera work and the lighting is excellent. Isabelle Huppert's creditable performance also helps save it from being a waste of time. This is the first of Haneke's films that I've seen and if I were to see more I expect I would have the same opinion of him that I have of Ferrara: an interesting director but not nearly the genius others make him out to be. Rating: 4/10.
critique7166 this is the worst movie ive ever seen. And i have seen lots of movies. Me and my friends rented this one a wendsday evening. Man we had lots of fun. This movie is the worst most boring crap ive ever seen. But it makes you laugh! U will lay on the floor rolling around tryin to get some air. You wonder why? Just rent it and check for the keyboard playing girl at that sleazy russian bar. My mother would make a 1000 times better movie about her feedin the cats.
critique7167 First off I just watched a movie on SHOWTIME called Survival Island. It says it was a 2006 movie with Billy Zane and since I like him and couldn't sleep I thought I would check it out. Looked interesting. Watched it and decided to look up on the IMDb who was this new face Juan Pablo Di Pace and OMG I could not believe it this movie has been renamed THREE and will be a new movie?? It is playing again in 1 hr and 30 mins on Showtime Channel again and this date is May 28 and EDT or Florida time. You can check your showtime listings by title and see it. I wont get into details so you can see the movie but at one point there is a lady in a white bikini that goes into the water taking it all off you see her naked body.... when she runs back out of the water you see her bottoms on. Funny there are a lot of other mess ups too. I can't believe by coincidence I decided to look up this movie... Go figure! Wonder if the people renaming it sold it to some movie studio to put out but it is already playing on Showtime ha ha. Good laugh. I give it 1-1/2 stars. C- D+ movie.
critique7168 Somewhere buried very deep inside this film is a half-way decent movie trying to get out. The only traces are a few early scenes in Los Angeles (in a bar and a graveyard) and thereafter a couple of pieces of production design. Like I say buried very deep. One of the biggest challenges faced by movies involving the supernatural is how to have characters react believably in unbelievable situations. Annie Mcenroe's reaction to being told that her sister (presumably Dee Wallace from the first movie) is (was?) a werewolf is if I recall along the lines of; "Oh! Really?". Not one of the better responses to said challenge. The non sequitirs continue as the story moves to Trannsylvania in search of Stirba the (apparently self-appointed) "Queen of the Werewolves". As Stirba Sybil Danning is the two best things in the movie. Yes even better than the werewolf group-sex scene Reb Brown's acting and the oddly simian-looking werewolf suits. The end credits have assumed minor legend status and are available in all their glory (at least until the censor finds them) on Youtube. Check them out to see why and remember the whole film makes about the same amount of sense. If you happen to catch this on US television the credits have been re-edited to replace the endlessly repeated shot of Danning ripping off her top with another endlessly repeated shot of her ripping open a cloak only this time she has some kind of top on underneath. It's a sort of absurdity cherry-on-top moment which defies satire.
critique7169 I saw this movie on VHS some time ago (27 Jan 2003) just because of the name of Paul Rudd on the cover. I liked his performance in `The Object of My Affection' very much and I really expected a good work. However I found this film a complete mess. The story has a very confused screenplay and the characters are not well developed. Further the low-budget special effects do not help much. I do not know the previous generation of Gen-Y Cops but this next generation is not good. I do not recall exactly why I gave this grade (and I do not intent to see this movie again) but my vote is four.<br /><br />Title (Brazil) : `Gen-Y Cops A Nova GeraÃƒÂ§ÃƒÂ£o' (`Gen-Y Cops The Next Generation')
critique7170 102 Dalmatians (2000 Dir. Kevin Lima) <br /><br />Believed to be cured Cruella de Vil (Close) is released from prison and sets out to make a new start in life. Things are going well for Cruella who is busy helping homeless dogs off the street. When the clock strikes on Big Ben things turn bad. The hypnotic cure is reversed and Cruella is back and this time she is determined to make that spotted coat she always wanted.<br /><br />Glenn Close reprises her role as Cruella de Vil and once again is the highlight of the film. Every scene with her in is worth watching in this dull sequel which feels more of a repeat of the previous film rather than a new story.<br /><br />She's Changed. Ã‚Â– Ken Sheperd (Ioan Gruffudd)
critique7171 OK let's start with the good: nice scenery Channing Tatum is easy to look at Amanda Seyfried has nice hair that's about it. How much of this movie went on the editing room floor? Probably the plot action good dialogue and point. Terrible acting horrible choppy dialogue. Let me tell you how bad it is: my friend who always cries at movies got to the part that was meant to evoke tears and she laughed so hard we thought she was crying! The movie seems to want to take a stab at too many issues- war loss autism cancer but fails so miserably to cover any one topic satisfactorily. Make sure you have something to munch on and your cell phone to return text messages!
critique7172 If you thought Day after tomorrow was implausible wait till you see this.<br /><br />Okay so the premise of most disaster films is usually a 1 in billion event occurring compounded by other circumstances. In this case the even is the joining of two huge storm systems. Fair enough so far. Oh but hold up no the "event" is the sabotage and subsequent destruction of the power grid.<br /><br />Next throw in loads of human interest elements - in this case a cheating husband a psychotic gun-wielding boyfriend a rebellious daughter a hacker with a point to prove a senator trying to push an agenda a reporter trying to stand up against "the man" and a pregnant women stuck in an elevator.<br /><br />Finally add a handful of taster events to add excitement.<br /><br />Jeez if the director tried to fit in any more meaningless plot lines there would have been no time less for the actual disaster which given the pitiful state of the computer graphics was almost certainly the intention.<br /><br />Jeez if you can't even model a truck convincingly you really should not be taking on twisters exploding power stations Las Vegas getting ripped apart or destroyed oil stations.<br /><br />In case you didn't already gather how appalling this movie is let me just add that all three bad guys get killed in separate and wholly ungratifying implausible manners that stunk more of moralising that good film-making.<br /><br />I'm have no problem with first month film students writing jaded hackneyed clichÃƒÂ©-soaked scripts but for god's sake that doesn't mean anyone has to make them into movies!<br /><br />It manages to make the abysmally implausible 10.0 Apocalypse look not quite so dreadful. Avoid them both.
critique7173 One has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film a<br /><br />script existed that made any sense. Was the rough cut 3 hours<br /><br />long and was it trimmed into the incoherent mess that survives? <br /><br />Why would anyone finance this mess? I will say that Tom<br /><br />Wlaschiha is a good looking young man and he does what he can<br /><br />with the dialogue and dramatic (?) situations he is given. But<br /><br />characters come and go for no apparent reason continuity is<br /><br />non-existent and the acting cinematography and direction are (to<br /><br />put it politely) amateurish. Not One Sleeps is an unfortunate<br /><br />choice of title as it will probably prove untrue should anyone<br /><br />actually attempt to actually watch this film.
critique7174 Komodo vs. Cobra is not going to set the world on fire. It's not a hallmark of cinema history. What it is is a group of underfunded filmmakers trying to make another movie make another paycheck and continue to support themselves and their families. As such I give these efforts a lot of slack. I mean come on it has to be hard to be a Russian special effects technician. Not a lot of big budget films getting made there. BUT-- they are a dedicated bunch and more than willing to throw their all into whatever lame American monster flick needs affordable SFX. And I get a kick out of looking for the same locations appear time and again in these flicks. If for some reason you find yourself watching this again look at the sequence where Pare and company are walking through a "jungle." Look at their feet and you'll see paved walkways. And if you happen to still have a copy of "AI Assault" (shown a week or two earlier also on SciFi) you'll see the folks in there tramping through the same ersatz jungle. Come to think of it I think the helicopters land in the same clearing in both flicks. I can admire the thriftiness of these films. Every dollar really does show up on the screen! Too bad there just aren't enough dollars......
critique7175 I would have given this film a one star vote had it not been for the laughs I got out of it. Some of the dialogs were just plain so lame that they make you laugh!! How could some one have actually talked like this. Not to mention the fact that the bodyguard Majors (Antonio Sabato Jr.) flew a 747 like a pro and Michael Pare's team of whiners were able to dig a trench filled with gasoline and blow up a huge boulder in the nick of time. Did anyone notice the lame tribute to "Fantasy Island" with the guy saying "Boss the plane!!" to Michael Pare just as the 747 comes in sight.<br /><br />The only saving grace were the cute girls and even cuter female hijackers. Not to mention that the main hijacker deserved to die the lame death that he did for being such a joker!! Imagine escaping from being tied up just to shot by a "crossbow". Hello.<br /><br />The poor pilot probably died in the plane while everyone was eating steak and having rum!! Just for laughs they should make a sequel to show us how they all spend the night in the midst of a Category 3 hurricane on Neptune Atoll. Did I hear Michael Pare calling it the "best honeymoon resort in the Pacific." Now that would make an interesting movie!!
critique7176 Take it from me as a camera man who worked for Republic Studios from 1946 to 1950 and then Warners Bros and Paramount from 1950 to 1993 this is a piece of crap. Sure it would be great to show it to your favorite friends at a house party but to try to sell this on a DVD is absolutely ridicious.<br /><br />I have seen bad acting in my day but this is NO acting. The hero is almost laughable and he really thinks he is something judging from his comments on the specials. I hate to see his fan club. The old films did not jive with the action in many of the scenes. What the hell was that garden scene with three of worst actresses. I never seen a garden on a ship. They could not even emote. I would not mind it if they could have once ounce of acting but the only one was the guy with the Translvanian accent. I am sorry but this is not a clever film as some persons are stating. I would think horror film buffs would be insulted by this piece of film.
critique7177 Buck's role as The Kahn brings to mind Bob Barker (of The Price is right) running a country the same way he runs his show. But there's lots more to chuckle and snort through in this turkey. Kurt Thomas as the baby-faced "hero" displays some considerable acrobatic skills but not a whit of acting talent whatsoever. There's a few spooky moments (in the Village of Crazies mostly) and some mildly impressive martial arts sequences. But any given "Ninja" movie will give you much more entertainment and you won't feel as guilty about laughing.
critique7178 Despite unfortunately thinking itself to be (a) intelligent (b) important and (c) interesting fortunately this movie is over mercifully quickly. The script makes little sense the whole idea of the sado-masochistic relationship between the two main characters is strangely trite and John Lydon shows us all in the space of one movie why he should never have let himself out of music. His performance is one-note and irritating.<br /><br />The only positive thing to be said is that Harvey Keitel manages to deliver a good turn. His later Bad Lieutenant would show just how badly good actors can act but mercifully his performance here is restrained.
critique7179 People I Know is a clunker with no one to root for and no one to care about -- despite the game efforts of a talented cast.<br /><br />Pacino delivers his usual tour de force as Eli Wurman a past-his-prime publicity agent hollowed out by a lifetime of moral corruption. But unlike Michael Corleone it's impossible to have an emotional investment in this character his dilemma or his fate.<br /><br />The film traces Eli's preparations for a benefit for a liberal political cause while distracted by a client's (Ryan O'Neal good in an underwritten part) latest "dirty laundry" -- in this case a TV actress companion who's gotten involved with the wrong people. Tea Leoni brings her customary star power to this supporting role although again the script doesn't give her much to work with. As Eli's sister-in-law Kim Basinger manages to evoke sympathy despite implausible plot mechanics.<br /><br />This movie is strictly for those who like watching Pacino strut his stuff and enjoy the other principals. Unfortunately between the script and direction "People I Know" is strictly amateurish. Hence its limited theatrical release and speedy journey to DVD. Consider yourself warned.
critique7180 Thanks to this film I now can answer the question "What is the worst movie you have ever seen?"<br /><br />I can't even think of a close second and I've seen some really bad movies.<br /><br />Absolutely nothing works in this film. Name a single element of any horror film and this movie fails. Honestly I've seen better on YouTube. Here's some typical dialogue:<br /><br />"Steve?" "Steve?" "Steve is that you?" "Steve I'm not kidding" "Steve this isn't funny!" "Steve are you there?" "Steve?" "Steve?" "Steve?"<br /><br />"ARggh!!!! Ahhhhhh!!!! Nooooooo!"
critique7181 Let me start by saying that there's really no reason to watch this movie. I only sat through it because I was trying to kill some time before going to work.<br /><br />Basically it's your typical sophomoric "comedy" aimed at the teenage set. There's nothing remarkable about it other than the complete ridiculousness of the story not to mention that there are plot holes big enough to sail a Carnival cruise-liner through. Obviously this isn't supposed to be a realistic movie it's supposed to be funny. Sadly it mostly fails on that count as well. I must admit that I laughed a few times but mainly in a "holy sh*t I can't believe how stupid this is" kind of way.<br /><br />If you never see this movie you're not missing a thing.
critique7182 This movie is so dull I spent half of it on IMDb while it was open in another tab on Netflix trying to find out if anyone thought it was one of the more boring ponderous gimmicky films they've ever seen. A warning: I actually could not finish it so these are my impressions up to minute 54.<br /><br />Keira Knightly gets loads of screen time. As others have mentioned her mother penned the script (perhaps during some sort of drug-induced stupor wherein utter inanities and emotionless statements about emotions sounded like interesting dialogue) and it seems that the film is a showcase for Knightly. Oops! Although I agree she is lovely (with her teeth unexposed...her barred teeth cause me anxiety and fear) I found her reactions forced and poorly timed. As in William or Dylan does something cute...pause...HAHAHA from K with dimples and a playful arm jab. Like a minute too late. What? And she cannot match Cillian Murphy's intensity. He somehow manages to really look at her and look as though he is fascinated by her and falling in love with her whereas she seems totally disconnected almost like she is interacting with a mirror. That must be torture acting opposite someone who isn't delivering the same level of energy as you. Know what else is torture? This movie.<br /><br />Knightly does look stunning during her cyclical "I've got 1940s pin curls and a hot dress. Watch me sing!" shots but what's the point? Is she an altar or an actress? When she talks it's bizarre "Ooow Mehster Deelan. Whur eer ya going?" This makes me confused because the accent is so mixed up and unauthentic yet so thick at times I have no idea what she's saying (or maybe fell asleep). If no one knows who Vera was or cares or few do was it so important to give her this supposed Welsh accent? It distracts from all the rest of the action (just kidding there).<br /><br />This movie seems like someone dreamed a movie maybe after reading a little Dylan Thomas before bed. But instead of adapting to the waking world was like "Man that dream was so interesting" and tried to replicate it. Then someone else cautioned "Your script needs work. Nothing that happens furthers a story or creates necessity" and the writer is all "But that's the way I dreamed it!" It's like the rambling fantasy of a child one of those wild and meandering yarns they spin to get your attention. And THEN William went to a war and then Vera had a baby and then some blond chick drank too much and there were so many airplanes and pin curls and everyone had ruby red lips and...<br /><br />As for the Dylan Thomas character (so bland that's all I can call him) why didn't he have any lines in this goofy biopic? All he does is drink beer and smoke cigarettes and roll around with Sienna Miller who is so wild and artistic she'll do a cartwheel in public! Get outta here you crazy poets! (I realize she is not a poet but she and Thomas are like this one nauseating unit of crazy guys havin crazy times like a lukewarm Sailor and Lula from Wild at Heart.) Someone asks in the message board if they should buy this film. I say do it. Leave it on your shelf and only utilize it as a weapon to narcotize children the elderly or lingering house guests.<br /><br />P.S. to Murphy's character...when someone asks if you were "in the sh**" you can say yes because your war scenes appear to have been shot at a landfill.
critique7183 I have been looking for this film for ages because it is quite rare to find as it was one of the video nasties. I finally found it on DVD at the end of last year it is a very low budget movie The story is set around amazon jungle tribes that are living in fear of the devil. Laura Crawford is a model who is kidnapped by a gang of thugs while she is working in South America. They take her into the jungle Laura is guarded by some ridiculous native who calls himself "The Devil" she has to go though all unpleasant things until they are happy. Maidens are Chained up. The devil demonstrates eating flesh in a horrible manner. Peter Weston is the devil hunter who goes into the jungle to try and rescue her
critique7184 I found it almost impossible to empathize with Ricci's character in this film. If she was supposed to be a depressive I think the screenwriter and director neglected to research depressives before making this film because Ricci's character was more a depiction of a self-centered worthless sh!tbag than a victim and survivor of depression.<br /><br />The forced attempt at introspective narration was as ludicrous as the pained interactions between her and the people around her. <br /><br />Sorry but I couldn't buy it. This is straight to video schlock. I'm glad I didn't pay to see this.
critique7185 I saw this movie for the first time on NBC Friday 11-29-02. It was a pretty good movie but I don't think it would be the kind of Muppet movie Jim Henson would make. I mean first of all Pepe' using the word "sexy" every now and then and Pepe saying "it would suck?" And I defenitly know Jim Henson wouldn't allow Kermit yelling "I WISH I'D NEVER BEEN BORN!" thirteen time a minute. This movie just isn't like a classic Muppet movie. Sure I can understand Nicky Holiday stealing the baseball diamond from "The Great Muppet Caper" but a business lady cheating the Muppets in a contract for their theater to turn it into a smoker's nightclub. If Jim Henson was here today he would HATE this movie!
critique7186 - When the local sheriff is killed his wife takes over until and is determined to clean-up the town. Not everyone in town however is happy with what she's doing. When the sheriff orders a curfew in town the local saloon owner (also a woman) hires a killer to take care of the sheriff. There's no way the saloon owner could know that the sheriff and the killer would fall in love.<br /><br />- Gunslinger is an example of what happens when you have a fairly interesting concept and combine it with poor execution. There's a good movie here somewhere trying to get out. In more capable hands or with a larger budget Gunslinger might have been an entertaining look at the role of women in the Old West. As it is Gunslinger is a sloppy mess of a movie.<br /><br />- There are just so many things wrong with the movie: a supporting cast with no acting ability stilted and unnatural dialogue and sets that look like sets. But the biggest offender is the editing. I was amazed at how many times a scene would begin with the actors (and horses for that matter) obviously waiting for Corman to yell "Action". The best is the scene of two riders on horseback just standing beside a building. All of a sudden they take off and come racing around the corner like they had been riding hard for several miles. Or take the example of people who can seemingly transport themselves across town. We see a man enter a building and a second later emerge across town to mount his horse.<br /><br />- It's not as if Corman didn't have a few decent actors to work with. While none were great stars Beverly Garland John Ireland and Allison Hayes were all capable of turning in a good performance. But in Gunslinger they're not given much to work with.<br /><br />- I have now seen both the MST3K and non-MST3K versions of the movie. I would strongly recommend going the MST3K route.
critique7187 ET's obsession with Dannielynn Smith is despicable. Leave the child alone. With all the constant attention she'll most likely grow up psychotic depressed or worse. Think of Princess Diana and how she longed for privacy. Now poor little rich girl Ashley Olson just wants to be left alone. No wonder Greta Garbo became a recluse and said "I want to be alone". How much does ET make off this little girl? Does ET not have anything better to report on? I bet there's lots of people who really don't care what color her birthday cake and balloons were. By the way I never heard that Anna Nichole ever won any of those court cases over the will and her inheritance. Who is paying for the lifestyle of Larry Howard and little Dannielynn? Could it be ET?
critique7188 My Take: The silliest of the AIRPORT movies and probably one of the worst of the 70's disaster movies.<br /><br />As if to milk the franchise with all its got the producers of this third sequel to AIRPORT throws in more action silly subplots gratuitous star appearances and goofier elements. In its attempt to be the biggest AIRPORT yet CONCORDE: AIRPORT '79 is the worst one yet and probably one of the worst of the disaster movies of the 1970's. With its bad box-office results it is no wonder that the genre has overstayed its welcome.<br /><br />The film opens with a rather catchy score by Lalo Schifrin backed-up by some impressive shots of the titular aircraft in its former glory (the same plane used in this film would be involved in a crash in July 2000). But then the credits appear and we get a glimpse of the "all-star" cast which is composed nothing more of faded Hollywood stars TV actors and none-too-popular B actors. The plot is sillier than ever: George Kennedy is back in the role of Joe Patroni now the pilot of the Concorde (co piloted by co-pilot Alain Delon) en route to France after the Summer Olympics. On board is reporter Maggie Whelan (Susan Blakely) who has just discovered that his boyfriend renowned weapons manufacturer Kevin Harrison (Robert Wagner) is selling their weapons to terrorist. To prevent her from revealing the news to the world Harrison sends his most advance missiles and best saboteurs to prevent the Concorde from landing.<br /><br />The cast/subplots are dumber than ever even sillier than an alcoholic Myrna Loy or a singing nun. We have Cicely Tyson transporting a live human heart in a cooler (!) Martha Raye as a woman with a bladder condition (and the character doesn't go deeper than that) J.J. Walker a a pot-smoking saxophonist (arguably the most annoying character in the film) Eddie Albert married to "old" wife Sybil Danning Avery Schreiber as Russian coach with a deaf daughter and finally a love story between reporter Jon Davidson and gymnast Andrea Marcovici (much to the sour watching-eye of coach Mercedes McCambidge). Plus the movie gets much closer to LOVE BOAT episode than ever with the silliest cameos of Charo (and her pet Chihuahua) and Bibi Anderson. Camp buffs will no doubt get a real kick-in-the-balls in this silly entry in a long strain of 70's disaster movies. This one is in more than the sense of the word a true disaster.<br /><br />Rating: *1/2 out of 5.
critique7189 Devil Hunter gained notoriety for the fact that it's on the DPP 'Video Nasty' list but it really needn't have been. Many films on the list where there for God (and DPP) only known reasons and while this isn't the tamest of the bunch; there isn't a lot here that warrants banning...which is a shame because I never would have sat through it where it not for the fact that it's on 'the shopping list'. The plot actually gives the film a decent base - or at least more of a decent base than most cannibal films - and it follows an actress who is kidnapped and dragged off into the Amazon jungle. A hunter is then hired to find her but along the way he has to brave the natives lead by a man who calls himself "The Devil" (hence the title). The film basically just plods along for eighty five minutes and there really aren't many scenes of interest. It's a real shame that Jess Franco ended up making films like this because the man clearly has talent; as seen by films such as The Diabolical Dr Z Venus in Furs Faceless and She Kills in Ecstasy but unfortunately his good films are just gems amongst heaps of crap and Devil Hunter is very much a part of the crap. I saw this film purely because I want to be able to say I've seen everything on the DPP's list (just two more to go!) and I'm guessing that's why most other people who have seen it saw it. But if you're not on the lookout for Nasties; there really is no reason to bother with this one.
critique7190 I am not sure who is having more fun the people that wrote the reviews or the director of the movie. I could not go any longer reading this comments or watching this movie I had to say something.<br /><br />I can see a low budget western film that is done with passion and interest on the detail but using a garage with art deco lettering pastel colors actors that seem to be falling sleep because the script is so boring and the boom getting on the way of the camera every two scenes that is definitely not my definition of "one of the best western movies produced in the new Millennium".<br /><br />Please if any of you guys had friends in the movie just say it!
critique7191 I enjoyed the first "Toxic Avenger" but the sequel just didn't work. There are some funny gags in the opening involving members of the home for the blind but past that point I was simply bored. The sequel is also filled with much quirky low-brow humor. Only this time it's not funny! Much of the gags revolve around crusty Japanese stereotypes. Almost every Japanese character seems to be chopping fish. Does everyone in Japan chop fish? The Troma films are known for being more than a little irreverent but if you're gonna use humor involving racial stereotypes at least make it funny. I can't laugh if I'm handed the same crap I've seen a million times before! One thing I have to give credit for is the gratuitous nudity. There's even more gratuitous nudity than in the first. But altogether I was very disappointed and the film ends with a tedious chase scene which had me huffing and puffing dying for the movie to fade to black. At least there's one hilarious line from the film which had me bawling with laughter. After the villain says a line from Shakespeare to one of the local citizens the citizen (an elderly woman) responds by saying "F**k you--that's from David Mamet."<br /><br />My score: 3 (out of 10)
critique7192 I didn't mind the film that much but it was incredibly dull and boring. A few laughs here and there but nothing to go crazy for.<br /><br /> You should give it a go if you like silly stupid humour because this is the film for you.
critique7193 I grew up watching Inspector Gadget. It was and still is one of my favorite cartoons if not my absolute favorite. I learned a lot of geography and history from the spin-off Inspector Gadget's Field Trip. I wanted to slip on a banana peel and become the greatest detective ever.<br /><br />But the film has ruined the reputation of the wonderful cartoon.<br /><br />Matthew Broderick an actor with potential was definitely NOT the role for Inspector Gadget. First thing- in the film Inspector Gadget is smart. Not so in the cartoon. In the film Gadget solves the mystery mostly by himself. In the cartoon it was almost always Penny Brain and the awesome book (I still want her book!). If Gadget solved the mystery it was by accident. Gadget in the film seems to be a competent detective but in the cartoon was pretty dumb which was where the humor came from.<br /><br />Another thing is that it's too much "Good Guy v. Bad Guy" in the film. It's not just meant to be a silly Saturday morning cartoon. Also Gadget never should have a love story but Disney Corporation is filled with idiots.<br /><br />Also I miss the true gadgets that Gadget had and especially the Gadget car. In the movie it was a chic convertible. In the cartoon it was a sedan police car and could turn into a van. It also barely had any gadgets and was mainly there to get him from place to place.<br /><br />But if anything the one thing that was terrible about the movie was that it was a feature movie. Inspector Gadget was a silly Saturday morning cartoon. The movie was too serious too overdone had too much of a plot and wasn't even remotely as funny.<br /><br />Tip for those who haven't seen it: NEVER see it. EVER. Watch the cartoon it's a true classic.
critique7194 It's schmaltzy but then what else did you expect? The heroine is Cinderella's younger sister complete with wicked mother sister and brother-in-law; the hero (if you can call him that) is an ineffectual putz; and the rival love interests are full of melodramatic villainy.<br /><br />The cast settings and wardrobe were all very attractive and I thought the actors did a superb job considering how weak the material was. The movie was prettily filmed and boasted a soundtrack that was carefully crafted to cue the viewer about what emotions he should be experiencing throughout. Megon McDonough sang sweetly and provided the film with some of its best moments.<br /><br />If you love Danielle Steel you will love this film. If you love archetypal romance you will love this film. I did not. I was able to sit through it but it was close.
critique7195 Lucky me! I got a sneak peak at this pathetic little shot-in-Texas 'horror' flick from Artisan Entertainment a week before it hit video shelves and let me tell you...I've rarely laughed so hard in my life as I did watching this atrocious megabomb fly off the rails and steal the title of 'worst killer clown movie ever made' from the insufferably stupid Full Moon fiasco KILLJOY (I'm sure many of us horror fans have suffered through that one!) From all indications it was shot on DV and it doesn't really 'look' all that bad quality-wise for digital but boy does it ever fail miserably in every other area where it counts!<br /><br />The story (slight and cliche as it is) goes as follows... An executive (Ken Hebert who also scripted and co-produced with the director) takes skeptical co-worker Tracy (Amanda Watson) and horny married couple Mark and Susan (Hank Fields and Chris Buck) along on a weekend getaway to a (yawn) secluded cabin `12 miles' from the nearest town. On the way there they pick up a bitchy/slutty hitchhiker (Melissa Bale) in a bar and end up at their destination where a nightly campfire tale about a murderous clown stalking the very same wooded area comes true when each of the profanity-yackin pot-smokin Ã‚Â‘friends' disappears one-by-one with only mutilated doll parts left behind to tell the tale of their fates.<br /><br />The killer clown doesn't even show up in the film until near the end and it looks nothing like the demonic depiction of it on the video box (aside from being morbidly obese). It basically spends an hour prancing around in the woods chopping up wood and blabbing nursery rhymes. I cannot say enough bad things about the cast especially the two guys and the hitchhiker chick who either deliver their insipid dialogue with a bare minimum of enthusiasm or overact at the most inappropriate times. Doesn't really help that the script is completely and utterly devoid of suspense originality intelligence general coherence or humor. I could go on for days on how inept this film is how many continuity errors there are and how amateurish the whole production is but I'll just nod off by pointing out the whole package is quite a riot in that Boy-This-Sucks kind of way.<br /><br />Also noting that the film has been released here in the US as S.I.C.K. (SERIAL INSANE CLOWN KILLER). It's currently catalogued under its (original title) of GRIM WEEKEND.<br /><br />Score: 1 out of 10
critique7196 As it is often the case the impressive and explosive trailers of Asian films add up to nothing more than lackluster stories. Similar to Unleashed (which was great) Dog Bite Dog tells a story where men are raised as ferocious savage dogs that carry out their master's bidding. The main characters an emotionally undeveloped amoral killer who is matched against an equally unstable police officer are far from the common heroes and villains we often see. In fact by the end you lose track of who you're supposed to empathize with failing to feel even the slightest emotion for either of the men Ã‚Â– whether that was the failure of the director or perhaps the underlining message he was trying to tell is up to you to decide.<br /><br />Although the beginning of the film was filled with intrigue and unpredictability by the half-way point it slopped down to a humdrum story of survival and revenge. The suspense which was evident at first soon disappeared because of a grossly mismatched music score which brought down the potentially effective story telling. And in the end you were left feeling that all that detailed background information and introspection of the main characters was somehow very unnecessary.<br /><br />On the plus side the transition in story from point a to point b was quite atypical compared to US movies Ã‚Â– so those who aren't familiar with Asian films and are tired of Hollywood's predictability should check it out.<br /><br />The white balance seemed off throughout most of the film. It was like looking into a picture shot on fluorescent when it was supposed to be set on tungsten. Maybe I'm the only one but it strained my eyes.<br /><br />The movie also enjoyed playing tricks on you Ã‚Â– an interesting build-up gave me hope for the slow moving story until it was diverted to a low budget low speed chase scene. And just when you think you were going to get an unanswered indie ending with a mix of Shakespearean tragedy you realize that it's not an ending at all but rather a transition into a wacky country-music montage about peace and serenity.<br /><br />Throw in some grisly from-behind choke scenes a moment of redemption unexpectedly brought back into savagery and back again the other way Asians' fascination with bodily fluids and a horrible music score that didn't match the film and you get the average bland Asian thriller.<br /><br />I just don't get why every fight scene was overlaid with clips of roaring lions Ã‚Â…I thought they were supposed to symbolize dogs? Ultimately in the end we are reminded about a true killer that still lurks amongst us Ã‚Â– tetanus.<br /><br />4/10
critique7197 I watched this movie really late last night and usually if it's late then I'm pretty forgiving of movies. Although I tried I just could not stand this movie at all it kept getting worse and worse as the movie went on. Although I know it's suppose to be a comedy but I didn't find it very funny. It was also an especially unrealistic and jaded portrayal of rural life. In case this is what any of you think country life is like it's definitely not. I do have to agree that some of the guy cast members were cute but the french guy was really fake. I do have to agree that it tried to have a good lesson in the story but overall my recommendation is that no one over 8 watch it it's just too annoying.
critique7198 Fantastically putrid. I don't mean to imply above that only a few people should avoid "Doc Savage." Almost every demographic group would be bored by this trivial TV-movie-quality production. It's a little like the 60's "Batman" TV series except it's not funny. Even accidentally. You're better off taking a nap.
critique7199 The other day I showed my boyfriend a great movie Stand By Me a movie I have shown to many people and they absolutely adored it but for some odd reason he didn't like it. He lends me a movie called Backdraft and he tells me that he's shown it to many people and they loved it instead I hated this movie. I don't think I've hated a movie so much in a while how this movie has even a 6.6 rating is beyond me. I couldn't keep up with the five million stories here: Billy Baldwin becoming a fire man the random sibling rivalry the random love story(s) the who's being an arson story the investigator the fire who has a personality of it's own. I just have a problem that this movie can't keep up with all these stories they didn't balance out well enough make the film interesting. I would have just preferred if this movie was about being a firefighter or the investigator and how he came to be one or what it is exactly he does and why.<br /><br />The movie tells the story of a group of Chicago firefighters two brothers. Stephen "Bull" McCaffrey the elder brother is obsessed with the beating of the fires that he fights. Brian the younger brother quit the fire fighting academy school several years before then embarking on a number of other unsuccessful careers before returning to become a firefighter. He is looked down on by his elder brother who expects him to fail in his newly chosen career as a fire fighter. Donald "Shadow" Rimgale is an arson investigator who is dedicated to his profession. He is called in because a number of fires that have occurred have somewhat similar connections. .Martin Swayzak is an alderman on the City Council. He has obvious hopes of being elected to mayor but has had to make a number of budget cuts to the fire department. Many of the rank and file firemen believe that the cuts that he has made are endangering the lives of the firefighters. However Swayzak is initially successful in portraying the fire department as bloated and ineffectual after firemen are repeatedly being killed in blazes.<br /><br />I just couldn't get into this movie I don't know how anyone else could it was incredibly unrealistic and portrayed firefighters all wrong. I loved how they had every action clichÃƒÂ© in the book to match this action flick. I just felt also like there was great talent wasted on such mediocre roles Donald Sutherland great actor but such a strange role that could have been taken by a lesser known man who had the upcoming talent at the time. I know Ron was going for great quality but I think him casting such huge actors in small roles was a mistake for this film. I even had to joke my way through while watching this movie commenting how the doctor in the background was probably Kevin Spacey. The fire was so unrealistic and the movie was just so out there I didn't enjoy it and honestly wouldn't recommend it to people I'll stick to the recommendations in my relationship from this point on.<br /><br />2/10
critique7200 Awful!<br /><br />Despite the good performance of Ed Harris Diane Kruger and the strong budget (the reason for the 3 stars) the movie is by far the worst I saw about a composer and the worst edition of a masterpiece of music. I agree with some fictional stuff to upgrade a biography that otherwise couldn't be so "charming". This was done in AMADEUS with best results but this B copy here is a flaw. Beethoven had a strong personality but was a sensible artist. Here in this movie however he looks much more as Mike Tyson! I wonder also whether despite his deafness he heard all the whisperings in the last scenes (may be a cochlear implant?). I prefer to listen to the ninth on a CD with some nice maestro. Today most of them conduct modern Wagnerian orchestras. By the way: I gave Amadeus 10/10!
critique7201 in this movie joe pesci slams dunks a basketball. joe pesci...<br /><br />and being consistent the rest of the script is equally not believable.<br /><br />pesci is a funny guy which saves this film from sinking int the absolute back of the cellar but the other roles were pretty bad. the father was a greedy businessman who valued money more than people which wasn't even well-played. instead of the man being an archetypal villain he seemed more like an amoral android programmed to make money at all costs. then there's the token piece that is assigned to pesci as a girlfriend or something...i don't even remember...she was that forgettable.<br /><br />anyone who rates this movie above a 5 or 6 is a paid member of some sort of film studio trying to up the reputation of this sunken film or at least one of those millions of media minions who can't critique efficiently (you know the people who feel bad if they give anything a mark below 6).<br /><br />stay away...far away. and shame on comedy central where i saw this film. they usually pick better.
critique7202 Well EYEboy I must say that it pleases me to no end when someone singles me out and tries to make fun of me especially when it is someone who seems as intelligent as you do. My favorite part of your post was "But no big bang-bang good-guy bad-guy here kimosabe. Me suggest you stick to movie with lotsa bang bang."<br /><br />Well said! I do like action movies especially if they are well done but I also like movies that don't have a whole lot of action as long as THEY are well done. I'm sorry but Secret's and Lies does not fit into that category and is simply a very bad movie. I really don't see very many non-American films so maybe I was spoiled and didn't realize how bad foreign films really were when I saw Secrets and Lies. Perhaps if I judge foreign movies by a different standard I could some day see how Secrets and Lies could possibly be one of the highest rated movies on the IMDB. Hmm... If true that is very scary.<br /><br />Jeremy Barger bits@midohio.net(new e-mail)
critique7203 Return to Cabin by the Lake just.... was lacking. It must have had a very low budget because a fair amount of the movie must have been filmed with a regular video camera. So within the same scene - you'll have some movie-quality camera shots AND simple video camera shots. It makes for a very odd blend! I think they should have found SOME way to not do the "home video" type effect! <br /><br />I think it's worthwhile to see it IF you have seen the original CBTL because then you can compare and see the differences. But if you haven't seen the original CBTL.... you'll never want to see it if you see this one first! It will probably seem way too cheesy and turn you off from even caring about the original one.
critique7204 When I heard that the Dukes of Hazzard was going to be remade with current actors and a solid script I was like "alright I'll give it a chance it's not going to be better than the first but we'll see what happens." Well I saw what happened. I saw a great late 70's/80's show that was a classic basically humiliated by Hollywood. It's so sad to see that Hollywood scriptwriters cannot come up with something original these days. They are seeming to take a great show that had a great target audience and try to "REMAKE" the classic show. HEADS UP Hollywood... IT AIN'T WORKIN!!!! Anyway more about the show. I think they could have casted a better actor than Sean William Scott (Stiffler from American Pie) to play Bo. I'm sure that John Schneider is definitely disappointed with how his character was portrayed and taken advantage of. Also Get for real Johnny Knoxville as Luke Duke. How low can you go?? A crappy jackass actor to play lovable Luke. This sickens me. Also I'll give Jessica Simpson is a beautiful woman but her acting sucks. Catherine Bach who played the original Daisy was smart sexy strong opinionated and a good IL' southern girl. She was every little girls role model growing up! (I owned the doll and the Jeep - thank you very much!!!) Anyway Jessica Simpson played a smart ass 2-bit slut as Daisy Duke. Daisy never was blonde. Why did they have to cast her. Jessica Alba would have played a great Daisy Duke. She can speak with a great southern accent and she is gorgeous and would have done a wonderful job. Anyway I'd like to say that this movie blew something fierce. I feel like I got ripped off by paying $8.50 for tickets and they should refund my money. If you like the Dukes of Hazzard (the original series) don't see this movie. It'll just upset you. CMT (country music television) plays the reruns of the Dukes all the time later at night. So set your TIVO's and go with the real thing not the imitation on the big screen in Hollywood.
critique7205 This movie is not at all like City of God you might get the same feeling but it isn't there's no intense shooting nor intense drug scenes you get the idea. If you ask me I think this film was a waste of time there are a lot of other films which gives 100 times better meaning and teaching than "Wooden Camera". Yes I might be the only one to give a negative comment for this film but it's only in my opinion. It's one of those films where I can get the feeling that I'll be blown away but when the credits start to role my friends and I all gave mutual looks and we all laughed at how ridiculous this movie was. So to conclude this matter I advise not to watch it.<br /><br />Personal note - Making Africans talk English was a big mistake. In City of God they used their native language which gave the film much more power and reality.
critique7206 The Rainmaker released in 1956 - has some of the finest actors of its time. Katharine Hepburn Lloyd Bridges and Burt Lancaster being the principle players. Not even they can save this completely over acted melodrama. First of all Hepburn is horribly miscast as a shy spinster - despite her brilliance as an actress not even she can pull this off. She is too strong to be credible as being this much of a simpleton and was just too old for the part. Lancaster over acts to the extreme and Earl Holliman is way too hammy and comes off more like Jethro Clampett. Only Bridges and the ever reliable Wendell Corey seem to rise above the cast a bit - but even they can only do so much. It seems like the 1950's was a time when Katharine Hepburn wanted to spread her wings a bit as an actress and that is fine. She just made a bad choice here. Fortunately for her fans (me being among them) she didn't make too many of them. Despite an A-list cast and good production values it doesn't work.
critique7207 I thought the film was good in parts.the start was exciting .the first 30 minutes of the film were good.the camera angles in the first 30 minutes were strange and i did not like it coz the were they not covering the actors entirely.<br /><br />i think the last 25 minutes of the film were really not that great from which we expect a lot in case of such films.<br /><br />the dialoques did not make sense and i don't think they were very witty.<br /><br />i felt as if they were trying to copy films like phonebooth in terms of dialoguesbut failed miserably.it seemed as if they many of the scenes between the actors were put for sake of it and did not make any sense to the story.<br /><br />the entire film features only law and caine.<br /><br />i don't think it was a waste of timeits an OK filmbut not gr8
critique7208 I almost never comment on movies but I saw the 5 glowing reviews of this "movie" and decided I had to weigh in with my own review. An instructor of mine received this film in the mail mixed in with his Academy screeners (AMPAS aka the guys who vote on the Oscars) and was so floored with how terribly constructed this movie was that he brought it in to our class to demonstrate to us how NOT to put together a movie.<br /><br />This film has no plot the scenes are horribly horribly edited (oftentimes using faux "24" style picture-in-picture techniques) and the performances (particularly the lead who even fails at acting like a bad actress) are for the most part obnoxious. Someone truly failed to understand the point of an introduction namely the setting up of the plot. There is no setup! Halfway through the movie neither myself nor the rest of the class knew what this movie was supposed to be about. The opening crane shot which sets up some kind of murder is never addressed and now that I think about it was possibly meant to be a flash-forward with the rest of the film being a flashback but it cuts from that scene directly to the next without any indication as such.<br /><br />Bah I could really go on and on. At the very least this movie gives me renewed confidence in my own film-making ability.
critique7209 Worst movie on earth. I don't even know where to begin but I hope I can save another person from punishing themselves with this movie. When it comes to acting and lighting this movie is similar to a bad porno without the sex. The actors are some of the worst I've ever seen and couldn't have been worse even if they were trying to make a complete mockery of this movie. The movie must have had a record breaking low budget which I'm sure was wasted almost solely on the movie's cover. This movie has now become a running joke with friends of mine and has become the standard for comparing other garbage movies. I would like to point of that no other movie even begins to compare. I feel personally responsible for suggesting a friend and me watch this movie and am surprised she still considers me a friend after the torment I put us through. Don't see this movie!
critique7210 I decided to watch this ultra-low budget film from the "Poverty Row" studio PRC because it co-starred the exciting character actor Lionel AtwillÃ‚Â—plus I really liked the title. Even though Atwill often played in these cheap movies his excellent style of acting always made the films seem a lot better as his screen persona was great (his real life is also quite interestingÃ‚Â—sort of like a bizarre soap opera). The reason I use the term "Poverty Row" is that this was a nickname given to the very cheapest and worst production companies of the era. Many of these weren't even real studios but production companies that rented space and sets from the major studios at night! Yes there is a good chance this was filmed after normal working hoursÃ‚Â—a common thing for such studios.<br /><br />The story begins with Lionel Atwill telling his friends a story about something that he was involved with years ago. A doctor falls in love with a lady but he's afraid to tell her about himself. That's because his job is putting people to death on Death RowÃ‚Â—not exactly a glamor job! The Doc asks his friend (Atwill) for advice on how to break it to her but regardless she won't have the man. Later you realize it's because her own parents were criminals.<br /><br />Later a man is killed and the lady is implicatedÃ‚Â—though it's obvious to anyone with a brain that her sister was involved (and is a bit of a nut) and the evidence against the lady was poor. But apparently the jury was filled with brainless people and she was convicted and sent to Death Row. Even more brainless is that her old boyfriend was the man who was responsible for her execution. Don't you think someone else might just be able to handle this case?! Until this fateful hour her friend (Atwill) spends much of the film trying to prove her innocenceÃ‚Â—and prove that the flaky sister knows far more about the case than she'll admit.<br /><br />Overall the movie is only mildly interesting and a bit silly. While it is watchable and Atwill is good (as usual) the rest of the film never really rises above the mundane and some of the acting is pretty shabby. It's sub-par and about what you'd expect from such a low-budget flickÃ‚Â—and nothing more despite the cool title.
critique7211 Wow what can I say about this film? It's a lousy piece of crap. I'm surprised that it got rated as high as it did. What's wrong with this film? Here's a better question: What's NOT wrong with this film.<br /><br />The story itself is just crap and clichÃƒÂ©. Here's pretty much what it's about...Some kinda nerdy kid with no friends gets picked on gets killed and comes back as a scarecrow for revenge. "All" of that is packed into 86 minutes of worthless film. If you haven't seen this movie don't waste your time watching it. Also the second one isn't much better so don't bother watching that either...I rated this movie a three because I liked the scarecrow's outfit not because there was anything good about the movie. I think you get the picture.
critique7212 If you are studying Welles and want to see just how far he fell after Citizen Kane this film will prove it. The cheap excuse of making the protagonist a self-admitted dummy to explain how he might fall into such a half-baked scheme fails to explain the absurd courtroom theatrics and ridiculous plot twists that eventually ensue. Don't be taken in by the high rating of this film in the db as I was; all I can guess is that there are a lot of die hard old Welles and Hayworth fans out there.
critique7213 Poor Whoopi Goldberg. Imagine her at a friend's dinner party and she adds a comment to the in-depth political discussion going on. People just look at her and say "Oh what would YOU know you were the star of 'Theodore Rex'". How could anyone take her seriously after she lowered herself to be the star of this appalling piece of crap? Even little kids would be cringing in horror at this Thing. It reminded me of a particularly bad episode of 'Sigmund And The Sea Monsters'. Actually come to think of it 'Sigmund' was vastly superior to this.<br /><br />And however did it get made? By plying the producer with an illegal substance before telling him about it? Watch this hideous abomination at your own peril.
critique7214 I saw this short film on the dvd for Ridley Scott's film The Duellists. There was no introduction by Scott before the film it just started right up.<br /><br /> Boy and a Bicycle is hardly an example of Ridley Scott's other work it bears no resemblance. The film shows a boy played by Tony Scott riding around on a bicycle. Guess what? That's pretty all that happens. The boy rides around rambling on and on with pointless confusing dialogue. The film was shot in black and white and since it was directed by Ridley Scott I expected some cool cinematography or visually-striking sets. Instead I was treated with nothing. This film isn't even good for a first effort. However I recommend that any fan of Ridley Scott should check it out at least once.
critique7215 If this movie as meant to discourage people from doing drugs it fails. I was ready to start using them I got waiting for something to happen and nothing ever really did. This movie is neither horror or drama. It's just the paranoia of meth users. This movie may win an award for the using the "F" word so many times and so uselessly. It was not well stated but I felt like they were making Meth to replace Meth they owed to someone. Hector just got worse and more paranoid as the movie went on and the girl just got more hopeless. The ending really made no sense. The movie made no sense unless it was just showing how annoying is is to be stuck in a house in the middle of nowhere with a meth-head. I relied on the other feedback when I decided to watch this movie and the rating on this movie should be a much lower average.
critique7216 The Three Stooges are arguably the greatest comedy team in film history. For that reason alone they deserved a much better ending at Columbia than they received with this short.<br /><br />"Sappy Bullfighters" is just not good. Granted this is not all Joe Besser's fault. I personally feel that some of his shorts are fun enough simply because of the departure from the Stooges usual fanfare that they contain and for the fact that Larry is sometimes showcased more. However this short just will not do. And the fact that one knows that it is their last short that was ever shown well that just adds to the overall disgust.<br /><br />This film just epitomizes how short subjects were on their last dying breaths during this time and how little effort went into making them. This short is so sloppy. It is a simple re-make of a Curly short "What's the Matador?" filmed years before. As if this fact wasn't bad enough the studio actually threw in footage of Moe and Larry from the original (which was filmed nearly 20 years prior). Are these things not obvious? Laughable or sad? You be the judge.<br /><br />Another part of this short that makes it miserable is the fact that it is basically a Joe Besser showcase with him showing that all he is (at least in this film) is a Curly-wanna-be-gone-completely-wrong! Moe and Larry have little to do in this short. As a Larry fan I also must say that I feel it a bit disgraceful to have Besser get to use the joke that Larry originally popularized in the short "Ants In The Pantry". To see Besser say "I can't see I can't see!" and have Larry say the simple "Why can't you see?" while Besser gets to quip "I got my eyes closed" is just wrong on all levels.<br /><br />The two brave soldiers who stuck it out for all those years Howard and Fine have so little to do in this short. There are hardly any funny bits with them. The only thing that qualifies is Larry hiding under the bed of a jealous husband attempting to be "Pepe" his dog.<br /><br />One can't blame the dynamic duo. Larry and Moe give it their all. No matter how ridiculous things could get (and I'm sure they had their opinions by this point in their careers) Howard and Fine never gave anything less than their best. Their efforts do not pale from 1934-1959.<br /><br />I often enjoy many shorts that some will dismiss as horrible. I'm all for their more "experimental" unusual shorts. At least those contain new ideas. However this short I think everyone can agree is just not good.<br /><br />Thank goodness TV later discovered the boys after the shorts department closed. Had they been forced to go out in THIS fashion well that would have been a gross injustice to all the years they invested in making audiences laugh.
critique7217 Wow this is anti-Christian bias big-time! This is based on a Stephen King novel and he written this kind of bias before and then Hollywood exaggerates it even more. In this film we see a Protestant minister and a Catholic priest BOTH act like fools and be profane at the same time. Of course the Devil has taken over the town so maybe his influence is into these guys too but they are typical Hollywood portrayals. They never show a minister who talks and acts like Billy Graham or your local minister or priest. And - another "given" - they make the Satan character the most interesting of the film. <br /><br />Max Von Sydow plays the Devil and makes him a likable guy. Ironically Von Sydow has played a number of these roles after portraying Jesus in the 1964 film "The Greatest Story Ever Told." You wonder why actors are so screwed up? They don't know if they are God Satan or anyone in between.<br /><br />Ed Harris who played a lot of unlikeable roles up until the last few years is appropriately cast in this story. He and the rest of the mean-spirited characters in this film do NOT make it fun to watch.<br /><br />From what I've heard King's book is even darker and more sick than this hate-filled movie but better constructed. Frankly who cares. King and Hollywood deserve each other.
critique7218 Action violence sex and coarse language are the things that the characters do during the whole movie. And everything they do is done without reason. Mark L. Lester is (un)known for his violent (without reason)movies (Commando The Base). The story is weird but stupid. The actors play their stupid characters very well...I'm not telling they are stupid but I mean they are very bad actors. It's another low-budget unknown B series action movie. If you saw something like Operation Delta Force Drive The Patriot Sanctuary or something like these bad movies from the same kind than Misbegotten...don't rent it...and by the way don't rent any of the movies I mentioned....I give it 1and a half out of5.
critique7219 I must admit I did enjoy the earlier episodes but probably because I was younger and stupid at the time. I was sorta excited about the return of family guy until I saw the "new" crap they were putting out. No surprise it was exactly like the old crap. All the lame jokes were there including the flash backs except this time they added a joke about a old creepy pedophile who seems to be in EVERY SINGLE EPISODE. this is just one of the annoying gags family guy lives off of and for some reason people keep watching. its no longer funny its just annoying. let it die.<br /><br />maybe family guy was funny at a point in time and the cheap laughs and gags were original and fresh but now its just not funny anymore. if you actually do find family guy funny than you must be retarded or borderline retarded.
critique7220 How do you make a totally unappealing movie out of a story by one of America's most famous authors? Watch this film and find out. Maybe I am overrating author Carson McCullers but I was impressed by "The Heart Is A Lonely Hunter" and was hoping for something memorable here too. Forget it.<br /><br />Vanessa Redgrave looks like a man with her short haircut and clothing. I never found her much to get excited about in almost any movie anyway. Rod Steiger as a preacher? How insulting is that? Unlikable characters one after the other. Well maybe that's the book too and I am being unfair to this film. I am not familiar with the story other than what I saw on screen and this was so unappealing a movie that I could never recommend it to anyone.<br /><br />It's just one backwards person after another in a backward town. Outside of some nice cinematography here and there there is nothing to recommend. How anyone could sit through 100 minutes of this is amazing.<br /><br />I didn't even go into how bad this is directed. There is good news: this was the only film Simon Cowell directed.
critique7221 I have been known to fall asleep during films but this is usually due to a combination of things including really tired being warm and comfortable on the sette and having just eaten a lot. However on this occasion I fell asleep because the film was rubbish. The plot development was constant. Constantly slow and boring. Things seemed to happen but with no explanation of what was causing them or why. I admit I may have missed part of the film but i watched the majority of it and everything just seemed to happen of its own accord without any real concern for anything else. I cant recommend this film at all.
critique7222 I saw this film at its New York's High Falls Film Festival screening as well and I must say that I found it a complete and awful bore. Although it was funny in some places the only real laughs was that there appeared to be o real plot to talk about and the acting in some places was dreadful and wooden especially the "Lovely Lady" and the voice of the narrator (whom I have never heard of) had a lot to be desired. J.C.Mac was I felt the redeeming feature of this film true action and grit and (out of the cast) the only real acting. I am sure with another cast and a tighter reign on the directing this could have been a half decent film. Let us just hope that it is not sent out on general release or if you really want a copy look in the bargain bin in Lidl.
critique7223 Talk about false advertising! I wasted an hour and twenty five minutes watching this piece of crap and there was not one leisure suit not one platform shoe no pointy-finger dancing and not a single disco ball. I watched it on a Saturday night and ended up with an awful fever but it had nothing to do with the music.<br /><br />Seriously with or without John Travolta this movie sucked.<br /><br />From the opening scene you will be asking yourself the question "Where did that rope come from and will it please hang me too?" From its unabashed bias against the driving abilities of the Pennsylvania Dutch to the shameless promotion of the apparently everlasting capacities of Alienware laptop batteries to the cheap horror effects lifted directly from Japanese cinema this is the worst film to hit theaters since The Grudge.
critique7224 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique7225 This film is cringingly bad. You can tell that all the actors are embarrassed to be associated with such a truly terrible movie. There are obvious budget constraints but with a little thought and attention to detail the movie could have been so much better. For example: check out the scene where Mickey first goes to the mortuary and is talking to his friend the pathologist whilst the murdered taxi driver is lying on the slab. You can actually see the corpse breathing! What couldn't they afford to hire a half-decent extra that could hold his breath for a 2 minute scene?!
critique7226 What the hell of a D-Movie was that? Bad acting bad special effects and the worst dialogues/storyline i ever came across. The only cool thing here was Coolio who had a nice cameo as a freaked out cop. However the rest of the film is awful and boring. It's not even so bad you can laugh about it. Just plain crap. And whoever compares this to the Evil Dead Series might as well compare Tomb Raider to Indiana Jones (well ok at least there was Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider)! 1 out of 10
critique7227 i searched video store everywhere to find this movie being the huge elvis fan that i am and i found it to be a huge disappointment. kurt russel had most of the "elvis moves" down and the voice imitation was great but the dubbed in singing voice of elvis just didnt work for me. the voice didnt always match up with russels mouth and it was hard for me to get lost in the plot because it bothered me that it was noticeable. also there were so many freaking discrepancies in the film people who dont know much about elvis would probably think them to be facts. songs are sung by him earlier than he recorded them in real life the time when he got his first guitar is wrong im pretty sure his brother jesse garron was buried in an unmarked grave not one with a huge headstone reading JESSE GARRON. i know it was just a tv movie but they skipped over important events like the come-back-special and dragged some scenes out for way too long. if you want to see a good movie that shows elvis in his prime rent THATS THE WAY IT IS or another elvis concert. hearing and seeing the real elvis preform is the only way to truly see his talent. (brilliant statement i know but still...go out and rent a good elvis flic.)
critique7228 Holy crap the beginning picked up where the first one left off (good start). Then it goes downhill from there. You it looked like as if you were watching TV and you keep on switching between this teenage soap opera a Predator movie and some crappy detective show. The characters that are introduced in the first ten minutes don't have anything to do with each other until the final 45 minutes or so (the characters of the teenage soap opera and the actual Alien story).<br /><br />Then for the end the producers were quickly running out of money and decided to end the movie so they decided to drop a nuke on the city.<br /><br />P.S- What the crap is the deal with the cameras being so zoomed in you can't tell what's going on? Seriously movie makers do a good job with fight scenes and make it to where we can see the fight.
critique7229 Who? What? Where? When? Why? The acting was terrible. Very robotic rehearsed. I have seen all of the actors in this film in better roles. The screenplay was very elementary. By the end of this film the story line was tied up. And Jeane Claude LaMarre should be tied up too. So that he never attempts to write/direct another film.
critique7230 I went to see this movie (actually I went to see Family Portraits which contains Cutting Moments + 2 other short films by Douglas Buck) at the Mar del Plata festival (Argentina)... I just couldn't watch it! I had to cover my eyes after the 1st half of Cutting Moments and take a peek every once in a while. By the time it was over my stomach was upside down and I felt light headed. I just HAD to leave the cinema a few minutes after the 2nd short begun (BTW of course I was not the only one who left the room). It was WAAAAY too violent and disgusting for me! I am impressed by the many brave people who actually loved it. I just don't get how you can love that kind of movies! The shocking and bloody and horrible images I saw got really stuck in my head for like two days!! I also try to analyze the story (my boyfriend did see the whole thing and told me about it) and I just don't think it makes any sense. I mean that amount of violence and stuff makes no other sense than to try to shock people. And that's not a good enough reason I think. There's absolutely nothing in this movie that I can say "Well at least 'x' thing about it was good". But well I guess I will never understand that kind of films.
critique7231 My thoughts on the movie 9<br /><br />It was not good not good at all. Visually it was great. I was pleased with the pacing the camera angles etc. However the characters? eh kinda bland. Plot? It sucked.<br /><br />This movie seemed more new age crap than anything else. Organized religion is presented as cowardly and fearful. Science isn't portrayed any better. It creates a monster weapon that kills everything... but "souls" have the power to destroy monsters and bring life? Really?<br /><br />That's something that bites my ass a bit too. Here we have a CGI movie... created with science... and they're using it to give us the message that science will destroy the world while promoting the idea that spirituality will save us? At least they had the decency to have one of the characters ask<br /><br />"Okay so now what?" (or something similar). I couldn't hear it too well because of the crowd immediately getting up and making a break for the exit. It was a "okay... it was just barely entertaining enough to sit here for the entire movie but now let's get out of here as fast as possible!" type of exit.<br /><br />This is one of those movies where you can't think if you want to enjoy it. Just look at the visuals and nod your head prettily. Any thought as to "what's the point of that?" will suck you out of disbelief and make you eye the exit sign with longing.<br /><br />Okay... SPOILERS follow.<br /><br />So basically a scientist creates "the Machine" that is capable of creating other intelligent robotic life. Evil humans use it as a weapon. However the scientist realizes that he is also at fault. He gave the Machine his intellect but didn't give it his heart. <br /><br />The Machine goes Skynet on humanity's collective ass and wipes out all life on earth finally slowly powering down. However the scientist manages to survive and create walking sock-puppets. Each one containing a piece of the scientist's soul.<br /><br />The last one #9 wakes up not knowing anything about the world. He sees a strange device nearby and picks it up. He meets up with another like himself #2. <br /><br />Well #2 gets captured by a last surviving robot of the Machine. #9 finds more like himself ands sets off to rescue #2. <br /><br />They succeed.<br /><br />#9 notices that there is a matching hole that fits the device perfectly. He inserts it and the Machine comes back to life... pulling out #2's soul in the process.<br /><br />The movie then continues with action scenes with #9 trying to rescue his soul-yanked compatriots. <br /><br />They eventually succeed and destroy the Machine. They release the souls of their fallen friends who go up into the clouds. It then rains and we see life returning back to the planet.<br /><br />Hunh?!?<br /><br />That makes no sense. None at all. Why the heck did the scientist want to split his soul into 9 homunculi? What did it accomplish? Were they created to stop the machine? Everything is dead! The machine was dead! Why bother?!?<br /><br />Why did he expect nine little critters to succeed when nothing else had? Why not create a second intellectual machine but with a "soul" to fight the first.. at least that would have seemed like it would have had a reasonable chance at success.<br /><br />Why did they have to have their souls sucked into the device by the Machine and then destroy the Machine and then release the souls in order to bring life back to earth? Why not just wait for the machine to power down and bring life back without all the rest of the insane steps?
critique7232 Soon after watching this film you will realize why it didn't even make it to the theaters! This movie does not deserve the "prequel" tag. Instead this is a common theme in Hollywood rip off previously good movies with disastrous prequels sequels etc.<br /><br />This film's plot was bouncing all over the place like a ping pong ball and the character development was non-existent. I seriously felt like I was watching a comedy at some points in the movie because the acting was so bad. P Diddy needs to stop tainting movies with his horrible acting he actually made me laugh every time.<br /><br />The only good thing that comes out of this movie is Jaclyn DeSantis who looks excellent in this movie and actually brought some enjoyment from watching this film.<br /><br />If you are a big Carlito's Way fan I recommend you not watch this. If you decide to watch it anyway then treat this movie as if it ripped off the original because that is exactly what it did.
critique7233 Terrible. There's no way to get around it. A script at the level of one from some Mexican soap opera a choice and use of the places of shooting that make the movie labyrinthine and at the same time repetitive and monotonous with disastrous performances of almost the entire cast. The references to Tarantino's work so poorly made are more an insult than anything else. I suspect that was not for the shameless and plot-unrelated exploitation of Matadinho's generous curves  nobody would take the effort to go watch this film to any theater.<br /><br />These are the kind of films that make me have no desire to watch Portuguese cinema.
critique7234 Newly released on DVD in the US; just stay far away from it.<br /><br />I usually give plenty of room for stupidity in horror films; I'll settle for nearly anything remotely suspenseful supernatural spooky or even just a vaguely interesting concept. This one simply stank. I knew there was trouble when Sara's "best friend" in college who had considerable screen time wasn't even listed in the credits on IMDb! I wasn't surprised not recognizing any actors but that character ("Daysha" or "Day-Glo" or whatever her name was) apparently didn't even exist! <br /><br />I'm so embarrassed that I actually paid a rental fee for this garbage; deeply deeply ashamed...
critique7235 Don't let the premise fool you--this was one funny movie. The problem--it wasn't supposed to be a comedy. The story sets you up nicely for an ending that never comes. Even worse the set-up is NEVER explained. You will leave the theater asking "Is that it?" I rate it a 2 simply because there were a few brief moments of promise but the finish leaves you completely flat. Nicholas Cage did as good a job as can be expected in the role but he had very little to work with. There are odd quirks and interesting turns everywhere which had absolutely nothing to do with the movie. Let this one come out on video before wasting your money.
critique7236 From what I understand Fox was embarrassed they released a PG-13 Alien/Predator movie not so long ago. It was not well received by any means.<br /><br />Not exactly sure where to go next seeing as they thought Anderson was the best director for the franchise and they had produced a true sci-fi gem Fox turned to it's small but knowledgeable group of monkeys for answers.<br /><br />These monkeys were by no means veterans of writing sci-fi flicks but had seen Burton's Planet of the Apes remake and House of the Dead. <br /><br />Their first task: hire actors. Fox gave them a reasonable budget but the monkeys wanted to save the money. They hired fifteen TV actors shortly after.<br /><br />Now the script. The monkeys wanted to save more of the budget so they wrote the movie themselves. Leaving out important aspects of the two franchises was the easy part. Thinking of great new lines for the general audience to remember years down the line - that was more difficult. They butted heads awhile and came up with a truly award-winning screenplay equipped with clichÃƒÂ© characters idiotic decisions an gaping plot holes.<br /><br />Fox was pleased thus far with the results but wanted to see what was to become of the centerpieces to the film - the aliens and predators. The monkeys again wanted to save money in the budget so they decided to trash the great robotics used in the otherwise terrible AvP original and go with the man-in-the-suit Alien seen in the old films. The actors playing the aliens had trouble fitting into the suits as they weren't properly sized by the monkeys so they jiggled their plastic heads throughout the film with honor. As for the predators the monkeys decided one predator was enough this time around (again saving budget) to fight the hordes of aliens that seemingly come out of nowhere. <br /><br />But what about the effects you ask? Come on now people. They may be monkeys but they clearly knew CGI would play a key role in the film. Without diving into the budget the monkeys used a standard Final Cut program and cut and pasted some very nice fire and spark effects throughout. Putting red and green filters over the camera lens provided some excellent Predator visions.<br /><br />The setting was something the monkeys thought long and hard about. If this was to be on Earth in Colorado of all places they needed to make it realistic. This was where they admitted they might have made a mistake. See the monkeys didn't have proper training in this department so they thought turning the lights off in the city and having the movie play out in the dead of night and in the rain was the right thing to do. They simply forgot people like to see the creatures instead of looking at shadows and rain the whole film. To add insult to injury the monkeys accidentally filmed all the fight scenes incredibly close so no one could see what was fighting or who it was. But again rookie mistake.<br /><br />The rating. Fox told the monkeys to make the movie R-rated. That was easy. Without showing how many of the injuries or deaths actually happened the monkeys made a habit of showing the carnage after the fact. It was simple: the viewers got the gore they desired and the monkeys didn't have to film the majority of action shots involving that violence.<br /><br />Some of the actors originally had questions concerning the screenplay. Why does a blue liquid the Predator has endless amounts of magically disintegrate whatever he wants it to and nothing more than that? Why is an ex-convict driving around in a police car the entire movie? Why did the monkeys forget to show a full body shot of the Aliens? Why does a clock play a more memorable role than any of the main characters? The list of questions just kept growing but the monkeys ignored them and finished their masterpiece. <br /><br />Fox was thrilled with their work. So thrilled that they opened the movie nationwide on Christmas Day and even spent a few bucks advertising it the week before it came out. The monkeys had successfully made another installment in these cherished franchises.<br /><br />But some ask what ever happened to the budget the monkeys forgot to use? They put it towards their next film: Aliens vs. Predator vs. Hulk Hogan. They knew the general public would be upset with the title but they have since released this statement:<br /><br />"To the people- do not worry about our upcoming film. It will be rated R and will have violence."<br /><br />And everyone lived happily ever after. The end.
critique7237 Andie McDowell is beautiful as the 40-ish woman whose late start at a serious relationship leads her to a considerably younger man and a subsequenet falling-out with 2 long-time best girldfriends.<br /><br />Seeing a gigolo/gold-digger in the sincere young man the "girl-friends" dead-set on terminating this "silly relationship" go over and beyond the call of duty in "helping out" their friend (who obviously is blinded by this gigolo's tricky game".<br /><br />A short succession of situations is absolutely ridiculous. Far fetched no longer covers it. Without these unbelievable scenes there may have been hope for a sweet love story. Instead all the viewer is left with is an involuntary shaking of head -- these things just don't happen! Without giving away cliff-hanger details I warn the viewer of having high expectations for this film; most (like me) will be very disappointed. On a scale of 1 to 10 this one ranks a weak 4 with me. There is much better material out there. This one isn't worth your time.
critique7238 You would think that a film that starred three of the biggest male film stars of the post World War II era would have become a classic. These three who also happen to be three favorites of mine walk around in a daze looking like they'd rather be any place but there.<br /><br />The sad thing is that The Way West definitely had some potential to be a classic. In these days of political correctness a film about American pioneers and the travails of their westward migration is something not done now. It should have been better done back then.<br /><br />Kirk Douglas is a former United States Senator who's heading a wagon train west to build a settlement in Oregon's Willamette Valley. Being he's an ex-politician he rates above the hoi ploi he's leading. The script calls for him to have not only a covered wagon but a carriage to lead the train.<br /><br />You think that's ludicrous you ought to see the whipping scene where Douglas orders his black servant played by Roy Glenn to whip him. I won't spoil it by saying what causes Douglas to demand this of Glenn but trust me it's bad.<br /><br />Robert Mitchum is the trail guide and of the three stars he looks the most bored. There was supposed to be considerable friction on the set between Widmark and Douglas but Mitchum just saunters through the film above it all.<br /><br />Maybe the friction helped somewhat because the movie calls for Douglas a widower to have an eye on Mrs. Widmark played by Lola Albright. Now she's the best looking thing in the movie.<br /><br />The film billing says introducing Sally Field. This was made in between her Gidget and her Flying Nun days. She plays a piece of white southern trash with the musical comedy name of Mercy McBee. We first see her in the movie sitting on the back of her parents wagon legs akimbo and inviting. Of course she gets taken up on her invitation.<br /><br />Her character is something like what's found in every trailer park in America and then again what was a wagon train but one large trailer park on the move. <br /><br />Despite this film Sally Field went on to a two Oscar career. What that woman had to overcome.<br /><br />Victor McLaglen's son Andrew directed this item and together with a lousy script turned this into a turgid mess. Shame on Andrew McLaglen he's certainly done better in his career.<br /><br />And so will you unless you're a stargazer.
critique7239 After Loomis gives a quick recap of Micheal Myers we flashback to 1989 where Jamie is kidnapped by the Man in Black before the burning police station explodes. Micheal returns to Haddonfeild once again to find Jamie and his baby. In this version the Loomis character gets more scenes and seems much more pro-active than he is in the final cut. The Score is much better more in line with parts 4 and 5 none of the electric guitar BS. And the ending makes a tad more sense. For these reasons coupled with the fact that this cut has more characterization and suspense and cuts back on the gore factor (Halloween unlike say the "Friday the 13th" Franschise was never about blatant gore) is why I prefer this bootleg Producer's cut. Not to say that the cut magically turns a turd into gold it just polishes the turd a little bit and makes it more comprehensible. The whole cult plot is still very stupid as is Micheal fathering a kid <br /><br />My Producer's Cut Grade: C- <br /><br />My Theatrical Cut Grade: D-
critique7240 Though I've yet to review the movie in about two years I remember exactly what made my opinion go as low as it did. Having loved the original Little Mermaid and having been obsessed with mermaids as a child could be I decided I'd take the time to sit down and watch the sequel.<br /><br />Disney I've got a little message for you. If you don't have the original director and actors handy...you're just looking to get your butt whooped.<br /><br />In the sequel our story begins with a slightly older Ariel and her daughter Melody. My first big issue was that Eric and the rest of the crew sang. Yes I understand that Disney is big on sing-and-dance numbers but really that's what made Eric my favorite prince. He was calm collected and a genuine gentleman that knew how to have fun. And he DID. NOT. SING.<br /><br />And then there's the villain. Oh how could we forget the shivers that coursed down our spines whenever Ursula slunk onto the screen terrifying both Ariel and audiences around the world? Unfortunately that gene was not passed on to her seemingly useless sister Morgana. Nothing was ever EVER said about Morgana in the first movie; she just pops out of nowhere trying to steal the baby. Oh how cute. The younger sister is ticked off and instead of going after the trident decides to kidnap a month-old baby. Gag me.<br /><br />Other than being a flat character with no sense of originality in her Morgana was just very unorthodox. The same plan as her sister the same minions (who by the way did not scare anyone. I had a three year old on my lap when I watched this movie and she laughed hysterically.) She had no purpose being in there; I'd like to have seen Mom be the villain. I'm sure she would have done a better job than Little Miss Tish over there.<br /><br />King Triton held none of the respect he'd earned from me in the first movie and don't even get me started on Scuttle Sebastian and Flounder. Triton was a stern but loving father in the first movie and in the second it's almost like he's lost his will to knock fear into the hearts of his subjects. Scuttle once a comic relief that made everyone laugh with his 'dingle-hopper' (yes I'll admit it; I did call my fork a dingle-hopper from time to time after that). In this film Scuttle's all but forgotten. A supporting character even in the first he at least added something to the movie. He was rich with a flavor the others didn't have and in the sequel they all but stripped it from him entirely. Sebastian was still the same but twice as worrisome as before. Disney don't do that. Don't even try to mess with our favorite crab. Or our favorite little fat fish who becomes a dad and has a multitude of very annoying children. He's fat and he's bland and he looks like he's going to flat line any second.<br /><br />The walrus and penguin were unneeded and after a while you just start to resent everyone. Especially Melody who has no depth to her whatsoever.<br /><br />And one of these days Disney I'm kicking out of my life.<br /><br />If I didn't love your originals so much.
critique7241 Dungeon of Harrow had a lot of things that could've made this quite a good horror film. Creepy mansion a torture chamber a paranoid host a henchman a ghoul in the dungeon etc. But sadly to say this wasn't made very well.<br /><br />A writer and a skipper get shipwrecked on an island owned by a count in a castle his slave and a mute maid. The count becomes more and more suspicious that the two shipwrecked men are pirates (of all things) and gets more inclined to turn on them and subject them and the mute maid who befriends them to torture and imprisonment. Sound not-bad right? <br /><br />Well not quite. I used to call this one of the worst movies I have ever seen but now I hesitate. Because it had so much potential it can't really be called "one of the worst." However seeing all this potential go to waste is a really big hit against this film. All in all it's not a very good movie.<br /><br />There is a very Gothic-suspense scene when our hero is chained in the dungeon and is confronted by the insane and leprous rotting bride adorned in a tattered wedding dress. This was both creepy and disturbing the first time I saw the horror unfold in this scene. Man I wish this was a better movie! <br /><br />This movie had all the right stuff to make this a moody late-night chiller but ultimately took all the wrong turns. I suggest someone remake this one.
critique7242 Peter Cushing and Donald Pleasance are legendary actors and director Kostas Karagiannis was the man behind the successful Greek Giallo-esquire thriller Death Kiss in 1974; and yet when you combine the three talents all you get is this complete load of drivel! God only knows what drove the likes of Peter Cushing and Donald Pleasance to star in this cheapie devil worship flick but I really do hope they were well paid as neither one deserves something as amateurish as this on their resumes. The story focuses on a group of devil worshippers that kidnap some kids leading another group to go after them. The pace of the plot is very slow and this ensures that the film is very boring. The plot is also a long way from being original and anyone with even a passing interest in the horror genre will have seen something a bit like this and no doubt done much better. The obvious lack of budget is felt throughout and the film doesn't manage to overcome this at any point. This really is a depressing and miserable watch and not even a slightly decent ending manages to up the ante enough to lift this film out of the very bottom of the barrel. Extremely poor stuff and definitely not recommended!
critique7243 This crew-versus-monsta has been done a hundred times sometimes better. This one was pretty slow-moving ; only the monster's resurrection was really worthwhile. Attempts at character developments gets botched by routine. Yeah "routine" is the word. Went straight to video in France. No wonder
critique7244 There is a reason why certain films go straight to video and of course the obvious reason is that if its too naughty for theater audience then release straight to video. Of course it really wouldn't be fair to the films that are good and yet they are also released straight to video. This one is not an exception although the film has good actors or at least actors with potential: Amy Adams (am Oscar nominee and talented actress) Robin Dunne who deserves better or at least a better agent and Sarah Thompson who deserves roles that are a departure from teen melodramas. The film is also misstated: this film takes place before Cruel Intentions so therefore this film is actually a prequel and rather stupid one at that. This was a waste and its really a film that is in the same level as soft core porn and pay-per-view masturbation films. Fortunately for the actors hopefully they will be able to erase this from their resumes. So if you are looking to see something naughty but don't have the courage to buy porn then rent this film as a starter.
critique7245 I have barely managed to view the entire film... Only after about 85min out of the movie's 110min did the journey to Mars begin and then there were 5min left for the closure. These 85 long minutes were VERY boring and didn't contribute anything to the film. When finally reaching Mars it wasn't much better plot wise. It all could have been fitted into much shorter running time and nothing would have been missed.<br /><br />What I cannot understand is the piece of trivia saying the because of the film new-born Babies were named "Aelita"... Why would someone want to name his/her baby after a villain who despite having only one eyebrow apparently has 3 breasts???<br /><br />The only interesting thing here is the sets and costumes for the Mars scenes. They are an interesting experiment in Constructivism just as "The cabinet of Dr. Caligari" was for Expressionism five years earlier.<br /><br />I give it 4/10 for the great looking design...
critique7246 I don't know what I missed here but I can't believe all these positive comments by so many people on this film. I thought it was silly and a bit over the top. I did like the performances of Gregg Henry and Michael Rooker however the others were just... boring.<br /><br />Now I like B movies I really do but this was a bit further down the alphabet for me. I saw someone compare the humor and horror in this to "Army Of Darkness" and "Shaun of the Dead" as well as "On par with The Re-Animator". You must be joking. I didn't find this film funny it tried it did make an effort (possibly too much of an effort) but it failed in my opinion. By the time I was hit with the 3rd or 4th one-liner I was rolling my eyes and checking my watch.<br /><br />There were definitely homages made to several other films which is always cool kind of like an inside joke for us horror fans. But here it may have just been a lack of original thought. Admittedly there were some nice special effects good gore but that can't carry an entire movie. The mutated Grant looked like a cross between Jabba the Hut and in the early stages of mutation- Chet from "Weird Science" (after he was turned into the monster) and one of the alien creature/children from "The Explorers". It just didn't work. I thought it looked like something some kid from Grade 5 art class could have designed. Then there was Brenda the woman that Grant impregnated and chained up in the barn. When help finally arrived she looked like a giant tick waiting to be popped. The design once again was totally unimaginative. A round flesh colored balloon with a face in the middle. *yawn* <br /><br />Now about the zombies- The more movies I see with zombies in them these days the more I wish George A. Romero had a patent on them and was the only writer/director allowed to make movies about them. He's the only person so far to do it right with the exception of Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg (but that was a comedy). Oh and Danny Boyle but they were a different style of Zombie. Maybe Mr. Romero has ruined any zombie film for me due to his ingenious ability to get his actors to moan groan and shamble about as if their joints are dried up and lacking even a drop of synovial fluid and their muscles are fighting the effects caused by rigor mortis that had started to set in right before they were re-animated. The people of "Wheelsy" just didn't have the proper motivation... they were horrible zombies.<br /><br />So in the end I give "Slither" a 3 for a couple of laughs and a few nice gore scenes.
critique7247 The big problem I had with this movie was that Lombard's character is as another user put it "unnecessarily cruel". Lombard plays the role of Ann Krausheimer Smith who believes she is married to David Smith played well by the sharply dressed yet appropriately bumbling Robert Montgomery. The movie has some funny moments especially when Montgomery's character goes to great lengths to try to get his "wife" back. Understandably she is upset because the marriage is technically not legal but she only finds out three years into it.<br /><br />Lombard's character seems quite cold to her "husband's" sincere attempts to woo her back. While not being highly adept in that effort Montgomery is nevertheless visibly loving and yet Lombard is as cool as a pillar of ice. There are almost no clues suggesting any sort of reconciliation between the warring couple for much of the movie and it is hard to see any sort of comedy- even dark comedy- in that aspect. To some extent the movie almost suggests a sadistic undertone with Lombard's character getting a "kick" out of her husband's feeble efforts. While one might consider this another 'Battle of the Sexes' type of movie the reality is that it is a highly lopsided battle if that: Montgomery's character while certainly flawed is not flawed enough to make it a typical exemplar of the masculine chauvinist/misogynist (an excellent example of that is Michael Douglas in 'War of the Roses'). In fact the character is largely effeminate as revealed by not only the sharp dress of Montgomery (which probably owes largely to the perennially sharply dressed actor himself) but also to his discomfort in attempting-but failing- to play the role of a womanizing bachelor. His only major flaw is his vanity but that fault does not balance out with his partner's excessive cruelty. And there is no suggestion that she is trying to instill any jealousy out of subconscious love. This is what makes it so cruel and sad. Montgomery's character simply looks weak. In reality no wife would want a man so weak unless she "wears the pants" in the marriage. But then again a woman who wears the pants in a marriage would never seek to be so cruel because she has already affirmed that role early on. Hence the whole theme seems weird. This movie is neither a champion of feminism (Lombard's character does show some signs of the sort of independent-oriented woman of the 60s but that idea is soon quashed and the character falls back into the 1940s) nor an even-sided battle of the sexes (as Montgomery's character is truly a cipher of masculinity and therefore a lost cause).<br /><br />This movie is on the surface a slapstick but beneath that veneer it is really much darker with sadistic undertones. All of which makes its resolution appear well odd. (Maybe that oddity was the whole point?). In any case slapstick this movie is not.
critique7248 I actually intended to see this movie in the theatre. It was actually sold out. I actually went to see Solaris instead which actually was the worst movie to be released in 2002.<br /><br />Victor Rosa (John Leguizamo) a tough streetwise 'street pharmacist' freaks out when he sees a kid get shot so he decides to go clean and invest all of his money with Jack (Peter Sarsgaard). Things seem to be going pretty well until Jack skips town with his girlfriend Trish (Denise Richards). This happened very late in the movie so had they not revealed this in the preview it might have been an interesting twist. But they did so it's not.<br /><br />In fact there's not a single interesting thing about this movie; everything is given away in the preview. If you saw even one preview you saw the whole movie so you might just want to think really hard to fill in the gaps. Go to the website download the preview save yourself $3.99. There is not a single surprise or twist in the entire film other than how terrible the soundtrack is.<br /><br />I hope that whoever was in charge of writing the soundtrack was fired. Twice. Most of it is what music would be like if the only songs allowed to be released were Ricky Martin and Gloria Estefan duets and (I may shatter the fabric of the space-time continuum with a concept as mind-numbing as this) they both had less talent and musical ability.<br /><br />The acting is at best poor the script is at best a crime against humanity and Denise Richards is at best 67% styrofoam and 33% ziploc bag. You know things are bad when John Leguizamo (he was in The Pest!) upstages the rest of the cast with his acting abilities.
critique7249 I enjoy quality crapness and this ranks up there with some of the finest. the cg is out of this world or at least pre-dates our world and the insanity of a 6 foot bloke in a rat outfit chasing after people is laughably bad. I quite enjoyed some of this but the acting is so goddamn awful and even the obligatory nude scene doesn't really have any baps out in it. just a complete waste of time if ever i saw one. I don't know who wasted more time me watching this or the poor saps who got dragged into making it in the faint hope that this will launch their acting careers. I can assure you it wont. However on a brighter note I have managed to successfully do the 6 degrees of Kevin Bacon from this movie so I think it was almost worthwhile watching the 91 minutes of it.
critique7250 I had neither read any of the books nor seen the first movie so after receiving passes to a preview show I had no expectations.<br /><br />'Angels and Demons' was a muddled convoluted film lacking direction or any believability. There was very little character development and I never found myself caring about the plight of the protagonists; the reverse was true I was more interested in seeing how the antagonists would succeed as the first half of the film was almost exclusively focused on why the Illuminati are who they are.<br /><br />The film jumps from location to location with little explanation or reason and expects the viewer to believe that everybody in the movie is an ally when they first meet. Any analytical mind will realize this is highly improbable.<br /><br />The climax is extremely clichÃƒÂ© and leaves you asking what happened and wondering why nobody considered some of these points it feels very tacked on and unnecessary.<br /><br />The actors are not particularly believable in their roles mostly because I found it difficult to believe that scientists professors and men of the church would act in the manner that they do without regard to the consequences of their actions. Events that happen are not plausible in the slightest and the pace of the movie is questionable with the characters jumping around while on a tight schedule and I had to question how the protagonists manage to get from location to location on time every time.<br /><br />The most pleasing part of the film is the cinematography I found it a beautiful film to watch but it was such a mess that I found it would not be worth paying to view in theatres.
critique7251 Yeah stupidity! I just finish watching and I still have bad taste in my mouth. Too much colors too much unnecessary "addons" to a story too much stupid characters (I presume they wanted to achieve comic relief but I only wanted to cry)... too much of everything. Shame to spoil one of divine stories from "Arabian Nights" like this. Childish naive (both on a bad way) and with lot of magic-breaking mistakes I don't think this could keep a child of five for more then ten minutes. Princess is lovely but should be tongueless cause actress don't know how to carry a role. Rest of the cast is even worse...our "bad guy" is REALLY bad. Shame that the "good guy" is not better. Only light in this dark is of course David Carradine who goes unfortunately deeply down under his level with this but at least keep his actor/"fighter" skills at top. I'm still sorry to see him in a thing like this but glad that I had something to watch in whole charade so thank you David. Only ONLY for him I give this 2 stars to this fiasco...I would give more for him but that would rise final score to entire movie. The rest is so bad that I would maybe like to grade it but there is no grade lover then 1 here and I think that would be too much.
critique7252 I saw this on the shelves at the rental place and I have rented everything else so I said why not. Why not is because it's one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It looks like it was shot with home camcorder. I guess thats all the budget would allow. There was less boobs in it than I thought there would be. Some people made it out to be soft porn with a few killings. The funniest part of the whole movie to me is in the extra stuff. There is a spot with deleted scenes. Well there is only one but it is the dumbest and I think it may have brought the rest of the movie down. The girls get in a hot tub and find some chocolate syrup in the bathroom. Yes it ends up all over them. Great stuff !!! This movie is very very bad. Don't bother.
critique7253 I love camp movies believe me and the usual technicolorian gore of Gordon Lewis don't bother me at all but this is just one of his most stupid movies even more than BLOOD FEAST i'm not kidding. THE GORE GORE GIRLS is about a mad person who kills a lot of go(re) - go(re) girls of a night club. A detective and a reporter tries to find out the big secret. Maybe the performances here are slightly better than the usual average acting H.G Lewis films but that is not saying much. The camera work is even dreadful.<br /><br />But at least is kind of watchable with the go go girls acting ... you going to pass a good time with it and the killings are just absurd in a very very bad way: A girl is killed with a wooden hammer punching in her butt (!) and just don't let me talk about what it does with the nipples. You going to laugh like anyone with this. But the better of all this mess is a scene that i only love of it's campness: the go-go girl before being attacked by a lot of feminists dancing in a very American way. Though is important to note that this was one of the first films that got an X rating because of it's violence.<br /><br />ONLY if you want lo laugh and pass a good time (But only with a lot A LOT of beers).
critique7254 Ok I like B movies...I know what B movies are supposed to represent. But this is just awful. I am amazed it got such a decent overall score. The only redeeming qualities of this flick are the (mostly) marginal splatter effects. Don't get me wrong gore abounds in this flick - but few effects really jumped out at me (like the anal "probe"...that was great!).<br /><br />I believe this movie was filmed on a camcorder. C'mon - rent a Betacam at least I've seen porn with better production values (and better acting as well).<br /><br />Acting - sucked! But not in the Troma or Full Moon sort of way.<br /><br />Story - contrived! But thats what you get from films like these. Very loose!<br /><br />Sets & Props - sucked! My 16 year old brother makes more elaborate sets for our house on Halloween.<br /><br />Dubbing and dialogue - sucked! Horrible voice acting (I shouldn't even call it acting) and every other word is "S**t" or "F**k".<br /><br />There are tons of good classic and B rated horror / splatter flicks out there and they are not that hard to track down. Do yourself a favor by not wasting time on this crap!
critique7255 This move is terrible. They took Gods word and made a mockery of it. The acting was terrible too. Why bother doing a story on something from the bible when your not even going to tell it correctly. There were not just a few changes but the whole thing was wrong. Do not see this movie.
critique7256 Some good movies keep you in front of the TV and you are dying to see the result.<br /><br />This movie does not have highs and lows. It simply describes a young girl's family life in Africa. People come and go the weather and the background are all the same.<br /><br />
critique7257 Impressed! This is the worst SRK movie and one of the worst Bollywood movies I ever saw! I didn't like the novel but this movie made it worse! Very bad music even worse actors (apart from SRK of course though even he doesn't manage to save the movie) and not much sense. The director makes it all look very confusing God knows why... Maybe it's because he's trying to make it all look very surrealistic and yet credible. Well he manages neither.<br /><br />Even if you've got a few hours to loose don't watch this movie please! (Saying this for your own welfare!) Keep searching you will find something else to watch!
critique7258 Not very interesting teen whodunit saved from being a turkey from some decent performances. The main cast consisting of Taye Diggs Mia Kirshner Dominique Swain and surprisingly Meredith Monroe are all good but the story is not very original.
critique7259 this is the 1990's TV shownot the movie from 1979.it looks to be three episodes totaling just under 90 minutes.before watchingi thought it was one of the movie versionsand i noticed right awayit had a TV show Feel to it.i didn't care for it too much.i just felt the story wasn't thereand there wasn't much in the way of excitement or drama.i was looking at the time elapsed on my DVD player frequentlyas i was really bored.i also thought some of the dialogue wasto put it politelynot good.plus i thought the acting left a lot to be desired. but that's just me howeverit is good cleanwholesome family entertainment.there's certainly nothing offensive here.kids will likely enjoy it.for meThe Black Stallion is 4/10
critique7260 This is a horrible little film--and unfortunately the company that made this short made several others. The short is essentially a one-joke idea that wasn't funny to begin with and may also offend you. It certainly made me uncomfortable watching very young children (most appeared about 2 years-old) cavorting about and pretending to be adults--in this case a dancehall girl and bar room patrons. It's the sort of humor that you might be forced to laugh at from your own kids if they pretended to be adults but I can't see anyone WANTING to see this--especially when a very young Shirley Temple is dressed in a rather slinky outfit and acts like a vamp!! And then other kids act like adults in some rather adult situations. At the time I am sure they were not trying to appeal to pedophiles but when looking at it today that is what immediately comes to mind! Because of this this boring film ALSO creeped me out and I hope to never see it again!! Pretty strange and pretty awful.
critique7261 THAT'S certainly a strange way to promote a film upon which a great deal rested. And it seems like plain suicide on the part of the studio given that (1) The feuds between the cast were well known long before the movie's release. (2) The feud between the Producer(Robert Fryer) and Director ( Michael Sarne) was also common knowledge. (3) The cast made no secret of their contempt for the film and made it public at every opportunity with daily bulletins from the set gleefully reported by gossip columnists everywhere.<br /><br />And (4) The author Gore Vidal hated it practically from day one. Nevertheless that tagline just about sums it up. Raquel Welch does <br /><br />give a decent performance as Myra and she looks lovely besides. John Huston is very funny as Buck Loner the ex-Cowboy Star who runs a phony acting academy. Mae West (in her first screen appearance since 1943) naturally rewrote her part to suit herself and she is great as ''oversexed'' (and that's putting it mildly) ''Talent Agent'' Leticia Van Allen. Still she must have wondered (after waiting so long for a good vehicle in which to return) how she ever ended up in this mess.<br /><br />Tom Selleck (in his film debut) is one of her ''clients''. John Carradine and Jim Backus as Doctors also amble in briefly. Rex Reed as Myron Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren as the victims of Myra/Myron's sexual passion are neither here nor there. The same goes for the script which not only fails to focus on the basic plot of the book but seems to head in at least three different directions at once. Although West's part was originally larger she was reduced to a cameo role by the time Sarne was through with the editing. And partly because of this she seems to be in a different movie. Apparently at some point the Producers realized that Mae was going to be the film's big draw and unable to replace most of her cut footage they rushed her back to the set at the end of filming for the second of her two songs both of which come out of nowhere. The device Sarne used of throwing in old film clips of bygone stars to emphasize whatever points he was making doesn't work at all. By the time the movie concludes all a weary spectator can do is wonder what in the hell it was all about. Not surprisingly just about everyone connected with the production felt the same way and it died at the box office. A technically flawless DVD includes (among other extras) separate commentaries from both Welch and Sarne each of whom have completely opposite opinions of just what went wrong.No doubt it's home video re-release was prompted by a 2001'' Vanity Fair'' piece which attempted (in great detail) to do the same thing. True the structure of the novel made a screen adaptation a dubious undertaking but with Sarne at the helm of what was obviously a ''troubled'' production it really never had a chance.
critique7262 For all of the hype about this film I kept an open mind as to what I would ultimately think. And although a bit slow at times the first 90% of the movie is quite good with more than a few "old time" scares that make one jumpy and unsettled. I actually thought the cinematography was excellent regarding many of these scenes. Where Dark Remains fails however is in its climax. The ending of the film and the denouement are what seems to be MILES APART from its body. The storyline completely falls on its face with an illogical conclusion and the answer I was seeking most - what REALLY happened to Emma? - was not elucidated upon! The rationale for the negative energy was ludicrous at best and in the end I felt very cheated. What could have been a superb horror film was ultimately haunted by a terrible ending.
critique7263 1st watched 12/24/2009 Ã‚Â– 4 out of 10 (Dir-Robert Ellis Miller): Emotional Christmas fluff that doesn't really get specific enough to explain how the real story happened in this factual-based incident of a man who is wrongly put in jail trying to get a job for his family to make Christmas happen for them. The three kids in the family then run away from home on a trek to Washington D.C. to enlist the then President of the United States Herbert Hoover. This trek provides some side stories like their positive encounters with a hobo and a puppeteer which makes the story kind of like a Disney "animals on the run" movie and doesn't quite fit here. At the ending there isn't any details given as to how the President helped the family and this is another downpoint to the movie in my opinion. The movie does eventually bring tears but it takes too long to get to this. The movie isn't supposed to have been an original TV movie(according to IMDb) but it has the obvious fade-outs that make it look this way Ã‚Â– so I'm not sure their information is accurate. All in all this is a simple movie(that could have been more complex) with a happy Christmas-like story but blandly played and without a lot of substance.
critique7264 I received this movie in a pack called "50 all-star Movies" for $18 (45 cents each). Many are good. This one was terrible. It was a hackneyed retread done 1000 times before and each time better. A crippled ex-jock is dared to coach a team made up of juvenile delinquents. They learn from him that they can make it if they play by the rules. I'm sure the kids and the locals were thrilled to be included in a "real TV movie" but I can't imagine what the folks that launched and produced this project figured they could bring to this already over beaten subject. I kept waiting to see that 'new twist' or 'new angle' but honest it doesn't come. Avoid this movie. Forget about the 45 cents I want the 96 minutes of my life back.
critique7265 The only reason I remember this movie is because it was (and still is) the biggest waste of time and money ever spent. I was 17 and my friend was 18. We were the age when action movies were our thing to enjoy most (ok 2nd most). We walked out feeling so insulted we wanted our money back but the time could never be regained.<br /><br />The editing is what killed this movie. As the truck gets attacked by more and more vehicles with rocket launchers attached the movie completely insults the intelligence of the audience by having these rogue bad guys in 4x4 VW Bugs shooting rockets at the truck. Please rockets at a truck known to be carrying plutonium? What's worse is the these VW's manage to get 15-18 shots off of a 4 rocket launcher. You would see on VW with 4 rockets fire 2 of them cut around the truck with the last one attached come back a second later with two rockets attached fire another then go in front of the truck and now it's back to a full set of 4 rockets.<br /><br />We toughed it out hoping for a big finish that never happened. It looks like they just ran out of money and stopped.<br /><br />Just ridiculous.
critique7266 Usually any movie with Steve Railsback in the lead is a good movie. However this movie does not conform to that opinion. Lifeforce is a below average movie that is extremely confusing in the beginning (reminds me of Star Trek: TMP) but is able to pick things up a bit towards the end when London becomes Zombie City. A horror/sci-fi mess that is very hard to sit through although the naked spacegirl/vampire is very easy to look at. This movie deserves a rating of 4 out of 10.
critique7267 Former brat pack actor and all round pretty boy Rob Lowe stars in a film set in a high security American prison . I had a gut feeling his character was going to be popular for all the wrong reasons like Tobias in the first series of OZ  but PROXIMITY isn`t that kind of film  it`s more like a " Man on the run " film like THE FUGITIVE . It also makes a nod to the themes of punishment and justice with James Coburn putting in a cameo as the spokesman for a justice for victims pressure group but any intelligent discussion on how society should treat criminals is completely ignored as the film degenerates into tired old cliches of shoot outs and car chases
critique7268 The cast of "All That" returns for good humor in the "Good Burger" a place similar to an old fashioned fast food restaurant. The comedy is terrific the fun is non-stop and though clichÃƒÂ© is a passer for kid and family comedy.<br /><br />A movie for all ages this movie is meant to enjoy laugh and pretty much a lazy movie for a rainy day as that's what I'd save this movie for a rainy day. USA aired it today and since I know that the cast of "All That" is in it I thought that it might be a bit of a chuckle burner but in good fun as Keenan Thompson and Kel Mitchell (probably one of the best young duos of that time) were terrific together the pieces came together and everything worked out and it made it into good family fun together with some lazy day work to get off the bad day.<br /><br />May I take your order?
critique7269 Here we go with other slasher movie Good looking people and Acting from everyone was really good!<br /><br />Few kids playing pranks phones calls and there parents are killed by the killer in front of the kids! 20 Years after they are still friends They go to huge house have fun Drugs and Sex (no nudity) for least half a hour of the movie! Again they start making pranks phone call all over again! and then killer comes back kills them off one by one and killer is in BIG BLACK COAT with axe just like Urban Legend movie<br /><br />Deaths scene really weird really odd times too.<br /><br />Nice slasher movie at this part would gave 7/10 but the twist at the end of the movie made the whole movie kinda of pointless<br /><br />The twist killed the movie for me so I going to give it 4/10
critique7270 It's difficult to decide whether this movie suffers from crap dialogue or if it's just made to appear so by crap actors. In any case it suffers from storywriting which is mediocre at best.<br /><br />Although made in the late '80's the first part of the movie plays like a 60's teenage screwball comedy (barring the absence of any actual humour) especially the part of the 'good girl' which is as annoying a Doris Day figure as you could hope/fear for including the slightly whiny opposition to anything 'fun' her friends want to do. The net effect is after a while you start to hope she'll bite it so you don't have to listen to her voice anymore.<br /><br />Some profanity and gratuitous nudity plus some really 80's style clothing is your only clue that this movie was made in the 80's. Oh and some pretty passable music too.<br /><br />Storywise it's pretty formulaic stuff. A bunch of horny (apart obviously  from 'miss nice girl') teenagers decide to celebrate Halloween night by throwing a party in a haunted house. Partying and fornication ensues along with an ill-advised 'seance' which kicks off the demonic possession spree which is the subject of the movie. After this the only suspenseful part will be trying to guess in which order the characters will expire. You're sure not to care whether or not they will. The actors are so bad that becoming demons/zombies/dinner actually improves their performance somewhat and the ridiculously clichÃƒÂ© dialogue is so annoying that you squirm in your seat.<br /><br />Gorewise this flick ain't nuthin' special unless you think cheesy is kind of 'special'. For example the demon head which occasionally appears is so screamingly fake that you wonder if it's a 5-year old trick-or-treating.<br /><br />This is not to say there's nothing enjoyable in the flick. Some of the music isn't half bad and the first of our insipid Scooby gang to get possessed performs a marvelous and really sexy dance routine at one point before she turns nasty.<br /><br />Also and I don't know why towards the very end of the flick I actually managed to get somewhat involved. The suspense lacking in most of the movie made a late appearance and I started to squirm out of unease instead of annoyance. Which is what a horror movie is supposed to do.<br /><br />Concequently I cannot bring myself to give this movie a rock-bottom rating since by some inexplicable miracle (I don't rule out being possessed by demons) I was actually a little creeped.<br /><br />Don't pay money to see it though. It's hardly worth your time yet alone hard cash. Watch it on YouTube while it's there.
critique7271 First I don't see how the movie is on any "best" list or how it won any awards. Compared to La Pianiste which is also on a "best" list La Pianiste is gold. This movie lacked so many things on so many different levels but I can't quite explain why I disliked it so much. The lead actor was annoying I felt as though I never knew what was going on and I was BORED!! Even though this was supposed to be some worthwhile life change that Pierre was starting I wanted it to end.... as soon as possible. Why did it have to be his sister and cousin? Ugh. And why did Thibault get mean? He just bipolarly turned mean. And also was it me or did I miss the whole purpose of what that guy in black was all about? Who were all those people playing music in the big basement of the big warehouse? Why did they have all that weird equipment and the guns and all those extra rooms for people to live in? I mean this in all seriousness but does incest happen a lot in French culture? European culture? I took 5 years of learning about the culture and I never heard anything about that!
critique7272 I found the DVD version of this movie at a rummage sale. The basic premise is an affair between a teacher/coach a student. The acting is weak and the plot razor thin.<br /><br />This movie had all the depth and plot development of an adult film.
critique7273 God what an awful thing ! Oliver Stone probably wanted to experiment or something (see the terrible use of music and pictures here) but what for really ? The whole thing behind "Natural born killers" seems to be a "clever" look at how medias can turn into complete trash but unfortunately the movie turns into trash itself. Please Mr. Stone next time you want to criticize the fascism of tv shows using violence to get high rates avoid doing the same with your movie ! Michael Haneke said quite cleverly about this film that it was denouncing media fascism with fascist cinematographic ways. How true... Only he forgot to tell us about the massive headache you get after sitting through this overlong load of crap !
critique7274 If you are having a bad dayor bad week. If you are looking for a film that will make you laugh and forget about your troubles. I don't think Role Models is that movie for you.<br /><br />The film centers around Danny(Paul Rudd) and Wheeler(Seann William Scott) Two juice promoters who go to schools promoting the product telling kids to stay off drugs and more juice. But Danny is having the worst week ever and crashes his company car with Wheeler in the seat next to him. His soon to be ex girlfriend Beth(Elizabeth Banks) who is a lawyer manages to avoid getting them jail time by doing hours of community service volunteering at a big brother place called Sturdy Wings led by Gayle(Jane Lynch). Wheeler is assigned to Ronnie(Bobb'e J Thompson) who is 10 years old and has a foul mouth like he's Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Augie(McLovins Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight and fight like he is in medieval times. But will this be good for Danny and Wheeler or will they be better off in jail?<br /><br />Okay I'm not gonna beat around the bush this movie was very unpleasant in many ways. Namely the Ronnie character hearing those bad words coming out of a kid that young was very shocking. If he was a little bit older it would not have mater'd as much. I mean what where his parents thinking when they sign'd him on to this. Elizabeth Banks character is so unwatchable maybe I was supposed to feel bad for her character but I felt nothing because she is annoyingly predictably portrayed as a female who would be played in these types of comedies. And Jane Lynch who's the worst of the worst. She delivers the most overacting performance ever. Playing a former drug addict who acts like she still is on drugs. Listening to her give all that annoying dialog made me want to throw my head up against the wall. Seann William Scott once again playing another Stifler like character he should really try to separate himself and this film won't do it. And the more Scott tries to hard to be funny is what keeps him from being funny.<br /><br />Now Paul Rudd on the other hand I'm gonna separate from the others in the film cause he manages to deliver a solid performance although he does not get higher laughs but he is the most interesting character from the rest. Cause Rudd does not overact and does not try so hard. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse are watchable. But the rest of the film is so stupid it picks up at times. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. It is a reminder that these types of comedies try nothing new there all the same they take no chances. Role Models is an example of that.
critique7275 I like a lot of Myrna Loy movies. This film was produced before her character actor personality was developed. It would be an okay short film but seems to go on forever in it's complete form.<br /><br />Myrna Loy it seems is told what to do with her acting and does the job. That is about all you can say about her.<br /><br />Her gypsy character is shoddy and the film has many flaws such as the jewelry shop scene.<br /><br />This film will probably be interesting to Myrna Loy fans but even as such is something of a disappointment.
critique7276 his costume drama is ill cast and without charm.<br /><br />George Sanders was a superb character actor. But he is thoroughly implausible here as the lead an Eighteenth Century rogue known for his philosophy and great good looks. His costar is of all people Akim Tamiroff. Some Frenchman! Then there's Signe Hasso in a dark wig as the virginal daughter of a wealthy family. Carole Landis fares best. The movie opens with her in silhouette. She is a soubrette and a naughty girl at that. She disappears for a while but turns up in an improbably situation. But she's good. She was always an appealing actress. Here she is cast closest to her usual type of role.<br /><br />It's meant to be a little naughty kind of ooh-la-la. It ought to have had a light touch but it's a leaden affair from start to finish.
critique7277 When Marlene Dietrich was labeled box office poison in 1938 one of a handful of actresses so named by the trades papers it was films like The Garden Of Allah. How a film could be so breathtakingly beautiful to behold and be so insipidly dull is beyond me. Also how Marlene if she was trying to expand her range and not play a sexpot got stuck with such an old fashioned story is beyond me.<br /><br />The Garden Of Allah one of the very first films in modern technicolor was a novel set at the turn of the last century by Robert Hitchens who then collaborated on a play adaption with Mary Anderson that ran for 241 performances in 1911-12. It then got two silent screen adaptions. The story is about a monk who runs away from the monastery out in French Tunisia to see some of what he's missed in the world. He runs into a similarly sheltered woman who was unmarried and spent her prime years caring for a sick parent. She's traveling now in the desert and the two meet on a train.<br /><br />The woman is of course Marlene and the runaway monk is Charles Boyer. I'm not sure what was in David O. Selznick's mind in filming this story. Someone like Ingrid Bergman might have made it palatable for the audience. But you can bet that the movie-going public of 1936 when they plunked their money down for a ticket they expected to see Marlene as a modern day Salome rather than a saint with that title. The public still remembered Rudolph Valentino and you can bet that it was some desert romance and seduction that they were expecting.<br /><br />As for the monks you have to remember that they are self supporting in their monasteries and this particular one bottles a special wine of which Boyer happens to be the one with the secret. The monastery will have to rethink it's economics if Boyer leaves. The monks are a sincerely pious group but from the head man Charles Waldron on down they've a right to be a little concerned with some self interest.<br /><br />Anyway a whole lot of religious platitudes get said here by a pair of leads that really are not suited for the parts. Most especially Marlene Dietrich. I would watch this film with an eye for the special color desert cinematography and forget the plot.
critique7278 I jotted down a few notes here on THE FIRST POWER Lou Lambada Diamond Phillips' 1990 satanic serial killer yuppie hell-fest ...<br /><br />1) Lou Diamond Phillips was recently indicted for beating up his wife and may serve time in prison. I only hope that he can find Armani prison wear to go off in style with: One of the guilty pleasures of this movie is seeing his police detective clad in $4500 designer overcoats a $7300 designer silk suit and seeing his $3500/month Los Angeles bachelor pad loft with interior design by Mies Van Der Roeh.<br /><br />2) Leading lady Tracey Phillips has gorgeous porcelain skin flowing red hair that always seems styled even when mussed and amazing breasts that are hi-lighted in the 2nd half of the film by a designer silk pullover that sadly remains in place over her torso even when she was being prepared to be sacrificed to Satan. At least back in the 1970's our demonic killers undressed their victims before doing away with them though there is something to be said for leaving a bit to the imagination. By the final 10 minutes of the movie all I could think about is what her breasts probably would look like.<br /><br />3) Professional Psychics living in Los Angeles can afford $4 million dollar condos on Mullholland Drive overlooking Los Angeles with a view that would make Brad Pitt decide that he was roughing it. As a matter of fact the condominium used in this film looks exactly like the same one seen in David Lynch's MULLHOLLAND DR. which at least had the good sense to make it's condo resident a successful movie director. The only Professional Psychics I have encountered outside of this movie are all currently serving prison sentences for wire fraud.<br /><br />4) I forget his name but the villain in this movie is wonderful and his "How's it going' Buddy Boy?" line could be the best overlooked movie phrase since "THANKS FOR THE RIDE LADY!!" from CREEPSHOW 2.<br /><br />5) Underneath major metropolitan cities there are huge vats of simmering acid that will explode into huge fireballs if someone throws a lit Zippo lighter into them which is why major public waterworks plants all have no smoking signs plastered all over them even though the idea of smoking around water being dangerous is of course preposterous. And since Zippo lighters need to be manually filled with lighter fluid that can often leak out and be absorbed by ones clothing the idea of a carrying one in the pocket of your $7300 Gucci silk suit strikes me as being much more dangerous.<br /><br />6) The stunts in this movie are impressive to say the least and one of the fun things about watching it is remaining yourself that you are not viewing computer aided special effects but actual stuntpeople risking life and limb to contribute to a movie that earned nearly universal BOMB ratings from critics when released.<br /><br />7) Movie satanists always amaze me: Here is a guy who has tapped into some Luciferian bid for power and yet instead of using it to do something useful like making himself rich or causing fashion models to engage in free form sex with him he instead possesses bag ladies and have them levitate outside of people's apartments. Speaking of which here is a guy who is indestructible can fly and is able to put his being inside of other people's bodies -- and yet he obliges star Lou Diamond Phillips with an ordinary fistfight in the film's conclusion yet does not have the good sense to inhabit Arnold Schwartzeneggar or Apollo Creed to ensure that he wins.<br /><br />And on and on ... To be watched in the company of wise-cracking friends while consuming beer. You'll have fun so long as you steadfastly refuse to take it seriously.<br /><br />4/10
critique7279 Now I'm a big fan of Zombie movies. I admit Zombie movies usually aren't all that good but I like them anyways. Despite the crappy acting and worthless dialogues that occur in almost all Zombie movies this one is by far the worst. See there are a few ground rules with zombie-movies. 1. Zombies are suicidal. Tactics is seldom used and NEVER do they act like a boxer. They don't dodge a blow to the head they take it with a ugly smile. They don't try and hit you in the face they grab a hold of your arm and bite it! 2. Zombies can't speak. Only in Evil Dead. Otherwise they DO NOT SPEAK. 3. You don't fight zombies with melee-ranged weapons. You loose in a melee fight against zombies. Firearms are used. In this movie however melee is the way to go which is wrong. Very wrong.<br /><br />It had NO redeeming qualities.<br /><br />If you wish to see a Zombie movie see one with an average score higher than 3 on IMDb.com
critique7280 OK imagine that every state in the US nay every country has exactly the same trees growing and ground foliage. Imagine also that a monkey-trapper's camp so far off the beaten track you had to do the first half of the approach by river has a beautifully tarmac'd perfectly straight road leading up to it. Imagine a world where you have to wear a full biohazard suit to collect a floppy disk then you just drop it in a ziploc bag and transfer it to your pocket with no precautions as soon as you get back to the office. A world where two nine-year old girls are happy to give lots of blood without complaining. This is the world this movie is set in.<br /><br />On top of that it's one of the most clichÃƒÂ©-ridden pieces of excrement it's been my misfortune to witness in many a year.<br /><br />I liked it. :)
critique7281 I first watched this show hoping for a few laughs good acting and good plot. Sadly I got none of those things.<br /><br />First off this show is completely unrealistic. How can someone go to a boarding school that's super hip awesome location and barely any rules? Plus a sushi bar. A SUSHI BAR. No school has a sushi bar. And what's up with the huge ultra cool ultra hip dorm rooms? This doesn't happen in boarding schools! Everyone in this show seems to be perfect. Zoey looks perfect has the perfect friends never has to do homework and is super popular. Sounds more like a villain to me! I hate how they use so many cliques in this show Example: Dana the skater chick. She is completely ignorant and wears "edgy" clothes. The jokes are old sooooo old too! I wouldn't watch this show if I were you it's one of the most horrible shows I have ever watched and I hope it gets canceled soon! Rating: 1/10
critique7282 SPOILER AHEAD! The mummy (Lon Chaney Jr.) is on the loose in a New England college town searching for a college student (Ramsey Ames) who is the reincarnation of his beloved Princess Ananka. Dull slow (even at 65 minutes--it moves slower than the mummy!) indifferently acted but the ending is worth waiting for. The mummy gets the girl (!!!!!) and she ages rapidly as the both slowly sink in a swamp. This is (I believe) the only time in a Universal monster movie that the monster got the girl! That aside this is stricly amateur night. Probably the worst of the mummy sequels--and that's saying something!
critique7283 This is not so much film as big budget children's television. As far as I can tell the villain is a giant swarm of chocolate covered espresso beans. This theory seems to be verified by the fact that the subtitles refer to it as 'Insomnia'. When it's first mentioned that a civilization had been wiped out by insomnia I thought "Wow! A nihilistic martial arts film!" but no such luck. Although you have to consider it experimental cinema when the villain is strangled by an old man's long white eyebrows. Zu Warriors makes exactly the same amount of sense whether the subtitles are on or off. That's not a good sign. I found the special effects to be somewhere between Ray Harryhausen and Xena: Warrior Princess. Primitive.
critique7284 OK the portrayal of the stereotyped 'indians' in this story is just plain WRONG. I do agree that Elvis looks rather good here but yeah his skin color does seem to change during the movie. I was thinking OK...he was never THAT tan in real life. It's some of the most obvious brown 'indian' makeup that I have ever seen. It's as bad as the 'indians' on 'F-Troop' and the old Hollywood westerns who were played by Jewish and Italian American actors and not real Native Americans!<br /><br />This movie is o.k. but typically lame story and mediocre songs like in all of Elvis' later films. He just did them because Colonel Parker had him tied down to long term movie contacts to squeeze as much money out of Elvis as possible! I keep thinking 'thank God' that Elvis stopped making movies forever not long after this movie came out. It is cool to see character actors Joan Blondell Katy Jurado L.Q. Jones Henry Jones and Burgess Meredith in this movie though.<br /><br />Burgess Meredith's 'indian' makeup is absolutely AWFUL. It's The worst of the bunch for sure. What were the filmmakers thinking? Was Mr. Meredith doing this one just for the money or what? I do love certain Elvis movies though. For example: 'Love Me Tender' 'Jailhouse Rock' 'Viva Las Vegas'. I can even stand to watch his movie with future TV co-stars Mary Tyler Moore and Ed Asner'Change Of Habit' in which Elvis plays an inner-city doctor.<br /><br />Oh well at least Elvis made a FEW good films but the mediocre and bad ones overwhelm the decent and good ones.<br /><br />I'll always love ELVIS! Thank you Thank you very much!
critique7285 This is a disgrace to the name of all of the lovable and laughable Critters' saga. Why do the writers feel the need to make the movie unbearable to watch by all quality standards. The Critters are cute and adorable as ever but deadly behavior has been transformed into that of a killer baby. They aren't as terrifying gruesome some what spine -chilling and funny as they were portrayed in the movies before. I used to love their porcupine shots but now it is hidden as if it was thought to be repetitive and boring. And what is with the killing and not eating. I thought this movie would have been cool but everything was so wrong. Why did Ug have to be evil and killed by that which is known as Charlie. This movie sickens me. Disgrace! Disgrace! DISGRAAAAAAACE!!!!
critique7286 1993 was a time of change in the WWE but for this Wrestlemania they decided to wind back the clock as Hulk Hogan returned along with his good friend Brutus Beefcake who had been out of wrestling since a paragliding accident in 1990.<br /><br />This was not a great event. Only two matches had any real build and the whole thing came off as being rushed. The in ring action wasn't great and the twist at the end which I'll discuss later really wasn't the earth shattering moment the WWE hoped it would be.<br /><br />This forgettable night started off with Shawn Micheals defending his Intercontinental Championship against the undefeated Tatanka. Tatanka had beaten Michaels a couple of times leading into the fight. Michaels had a new manager Luna Vachon while Tatanka was accompanied by Michaels' former manager and future WWE Hall of Famer Sherri Martel. Tatanka won by DQ. Michaels kept his title and went straight back into his feud with Marty Janetty which had been put on hold just for Wrestlemania. Why I have no idea.<br /><br />Next up saw the Steiner Brothers (Scott and Rick) defeat the Headshrinkers (Samu and Fatu) with Scott scoring the pin after hitting Samu with the Frankensteiner. Good match.<br /><br />Doink the clown needed help from another clown to win his match against Crush. A second Doink distracting Crush when he was in complete control and allowing Doink to get the pin and the victory. Doink was an entertaining gimmick character who got old rather quickly.<br /><br />Razor Ramon easily defeated the returning Bob Backlund in the next match.<br /><br />This brings us to the first in our double main event. As the Mega Maniacs Team of Hulk Hogan and Brutus Beefcake with the newly turned good guy Jimmy Hart in their corner took on Hart's former buddies Money Inc (Ted DiBiase and Irwin R Shyster). This was a fairly sketchy finish. Beefcake as mentioned had been in a paragliding accident requiring full facial surgery and had wrestled the match with a face mask on. Shyster ripped the mask off him and beat Beefcake to a pulp. The ref went down Hogan grabbed the face mask and knocked out DiBIase and Shyster and then Hart who was wearing a referee shirt counted the three. Another ref came down and reversed the decision declaring Money Inc winners by DQ.<br /><br />Next up Lex Luger or the Narcissist as he was also known at the time defeated Mr Perfect. This match came about because Luger was being managed by Perfect's old manager Bobby Heenan. Perfect had is feet on the ropes when he was pinned but the ref missed it.<br /><br />The Undertaker picked up a lacklustre DQ victory in a pretty poor match against the Giant Gonzales. THe Undertaker had earned the ire of Gonzales' manager Harvey Wippleman in 1992 and Taker had defeated his big monster Kamala at Survivor Series. Wippleman vowed revenge and took it at the Royal Rumble as Gonzales attacked Taker costing him the match. Gonzales dominated Undertaker in this match but was DQ'd for choking Taker out with chloroform. Weird finish to a bad match.<br /><br />This bought us to our main event as WWE Champion Bret Hart seriously challenged as champion for the first time put his title on the line against Mr Fuji's unstoppable monster Yokozuna. Yokozuna controlled the early going but Hart resisted and then took control. He had Yokozuna in the sharpshooter surely he would give in and Hart would be established as an heroic hero after taking out the big monster. But Fuji had other ideas throwing salt in Hart's face rendering the Canadian helpless as Yokozuna got the pin.<br /><br />What a downer ending. But wait here comes Hulk Hogan. He's checking Hart to make sure he's OK. Suddenly Fuji challenges Hogan to a WWE Title right then and there. Hogan accepts. Fuji throws salt towards Hogan but hits Yokozuna instead. Hogan hits the leg drop and wins the match and the title. What did I just watch? And so what most fans thought was going to be the night we either saw Hart establish himself as a giant killer or Yokozuna establish himself as an unstoppable monster we instead saw Hulk Hogan pick up a meaningless title win. A title that he would not defend for three months. As a matter of fact this was the only match Hogan wrestled for the WWE before the King of the Ring PPV in June 1993.
critique7287 I will never ever forget watching this show around the age of 13. Even at the young age I remember thinking "This is a Baywatch rip off show without the one thing that makes Baywatch tolerable. The girls in bathing suits." Nonetheless I was too small in those days to be the holder of the remote in my house. The high point of Pacific Blue was an episode in which a couple of thugged out gangsters are coming to whack someone with submachine guns ... on bikes!!! As a thirteen year old I never laughed so hard at something that was supposed to be taken seriously. Even I knew that the task of going out and acquiring Uzis (for murder) is a task that should never come before borrowing someones car for the day. That had been the defining moment of this show. Simple Crimes and situations tailor made by hack writing so they could be taken care of by the unsung hero of the crime fighting world The Bike Cop. Does not get much Dumber.
critique7288 Boring movie. Poor plot. Poor actors. The movie happens in a room supposed to be in Morocco but actually in some American city! The "Arab terrorists" are the patriots the blonde patriot is the "Arab terrorist"...DAMN!<br /><br />There is something good about this movie though (that's why the score is 2 out of 10). The director turns the ridiculous stereotype about terrorism the media feeds us every day into the real thing the terrorists are Americans (or western people if you like).<br /><br />The movie is divided into two parts. The first part of the movie concerns the Dutchman travel (15 seconds) while the second part is about the staying in the amazing dark brown room (1 hour and something).<br /><br />The Dutch guy is going to deliver money in Morocco to some "charity organization" gets off the plain takes the bus and ends up kidnapped in a dark brown room. He is kidnapped with another guy that is shot after telling "They will not shoot at us". The Dutch survivor is forced to play chess with a Morpheus-like Arab guy for so long that you'll learn how to play chess too! At the end the dutch guy reveals his plot not because they cut four of his fingers off but because he is tricked by such a lame game you should watch the movie for!<br /><br />Good when you are so tired you can't sleep.
critique7289 During my childhood time I have seen the first three "Critters" movies and enjoyed 'em.They were fun and entertaining horror comedies perfect for adventurous horror loving kids.I have never seen "Critters 4"so I finally decided to check it out.My verdict:forgettable and pretty bad flick with strikingly low body count.The script by Joseph Lyle and David J. Schow is both predictable & clichÃƒÂ©dthe plot rips off "Alien" and "Star Wars" and the sets look bland and murky.The tone of the film appears to be deadly serious throughout making it slow and dull."Critters 4" was apparently so low budget that the filmmakers couldn't afford any optical effects;the ones taken from "Android" look seriously dated.4 out of 10.One to avoid.
critique7290 It's not my fault. My girlfriend made me watch it.<br /><br />There is nothing positive to say about this film. There has been for many years an idea that Madonna could act but she can't. There has been an idea for years that Guy Ritchie is a great director but he is only middling. An embarrassment all round. <br /><br />
critique7291 Los Angeles physician Tom Reed (Vincent Ventresca) survives a tragic auto accident but ends up going to prison in the high desert of California. When his time is up he lands in a small wind-swept town named Purgatory Flats. His first stop is a bar where he quickly slams a beer and gets hired as a bartender. So much for ex-cons having a tough time finding work. This is the first in a long line of absurdities that make up the plot of writer/director Harris Done's silly attempt at modern desert-set film noir.<br /><br />His first night on the job Tom meets a sexy femme fatal named Sunny (Alexandra Holden) who hangs out with a family of bad boys: the Mecklins consisting of Uncle Dean (Gregg Henry) and his two nephews the drug addicted Owen (Kevin Alejandro) who is Sunny's husband and AWOL soldier Randy ("90210"s Brian Austin Greer). After his shift is finished there's a shooting and Dr. Tom just happens to be nearby. He agrees to treat one of the wounded and most importantly not tell the cops. I'm not sure that's a good move for a guy fresh out of the pen but this script (co-written by Diane Fine) has very little to do with logic.<br /><br />Tom makes a series of poor decisions that get him further and further entangled with the criminally inclined Mecklin Boys including stealing medical supplies and hopping into the sack with Sunny. Everybody in the theater is screaming "Don't do it! Walk away" but Tom does it anyway.<br /><br />In a classic film noir like "Body Heat" or "Double Indemnity" we root for and empathize with William Hurt and Fred McMurray as they get sucked into the web of bright sexy devious femme fatals like Kathleen Turner and Barbara Stanwyck. It's not their fault. We'd probably be tempted by all that money or that particular dame too. But Dr. Tom's weakness seems to stem from stupidity more than circumstances. Sunny is sexy but not a very compelling character and there's no money to tempt him. You're left wondering if he attended the same medical school as Dr. Nick Riveria from "The Simpsons".<br /><br />The silly script would have you believe that a redneck's rural home has almost everything you need to treat a gunshot to the stomach and that one so wounded could easily hop to attention and effectively participate in a fist fight. It gives us an implausible car chase with one of those "The Club" things clamped to the steering wheel. Oh that oil tanker that just exploded - no one noticed that.<br /><br />I wonder how such a ridiculous script ever got green-lighted? Perhaps Brian Austin Greer has more juice than I gave him credit for. It's obvious that he took the relatively small role of Randy - a hot-headed murder - to show producers that he had more acting range than he displayed on "90210".<br /><br />It's also sort of sad to see Nicholas Turturro playing a stereotypical Hispanic drug dealer. He deserves better than this.<br /><br />If you have an IQ over 50 "Purgatory Flats" will have you shaking your head in disbelief. I'll give it 3 stars for the unintentional laughs and the scenes with the sexy Miss Holden running around in her red panties.
critique7292 Too Much of Something Borrowed Grade B-<br /><br />Super Bowl Sunday is one of the slowest days at movie theaters every year. Because of this movie studios tend to avoid releasing bigger budgeted films that weekend. Every few years a studio releases a counter-programming female skewing movie (2001's "The Wedding Planner") to compete with the big game. This Super Bowl weekend similarly titled "The Wedding Date" will try to find success and attract viewers not watching the game. <br /><br />Sick of people feeling sorry for her single-woman Kat Ellis (Debra Messing TV's "Will and Grace") hires male escort Nick ( Dermot Mulrony "About Schmidt") to pose as her boyfriend for her sister's wedding in London. Her family has been giving her a hard time about her not being married and her ex- fiancÃƒÂ© of seven years who dumped her without a reason is the best man. To make him jealous Kat parades Nick around her ex to make him see what he is missing. But ultimately Nick helps Kat realize that she can open up and let someone love her.<br /><br />The film borrows too much from similar wedding movies. It is almost a carbon copy of 1999's "Picture Perfect" and mixes in scenes similar to "The Wedding Planner" and "My Best Friends Wedding". The movie also has a reverse "Pretty Women" theme going for it and knowing her audience the director makes clever references to that and other films.<br /><br />"The Wedding Date" has all the clichÃƒÂ©d elements of a typical wedding movie there is the stereotypical overbearing mother (Holland Taylor "Legally Blonde") and practically plagiarized wedding speeches by the family and friends at the wedding and rehearsal dinner. The twist at the ending has been done before but it was something that wasn't completely expected. The real reason why Kat was dumped comes as a surprise and changes the direction of the film for the last half hour.<br /><br />Even though "The Wedding Date" is predictable it is able to stand on its own. Debra Messing in her first lead role proves she can be charming and funny. Dermot Mulrony has great chemistry with Debra Messing but most of his dialogue was too corny and unrealistic. He is able to make best of what he is given and be able to salvage the character. <br /><br />By the use of many clever puns (often sexual) the film is actually funny. Although primarily a chick-flick the film has components everyone can enjoy. The feel good story and humor make it the best date movie released in a long time.
critique7293 Don't waste your time. One of those cool-looking boxes that you pick up at Blockbuster on a hunch but not even worth that. You will NOT say "It's so bad it's good." Just "It's bad." The Greatest American Hero is a writer who rents a cabin on African island called Snake Island. Some other tourists are on the boat that drops him off but they are not staying on the island. They just stop there to let off the writer. Then the boat is stranded there and --in true Hollywood originality-- the one and only radio on the island is busted. So they start walking around and see a bunch of snakes. Like hundreds of them which really became annoying and you knew the plot would go nowhere. It's not like there ever was ONE main snake. Like a giant mutated snake or an extra poisonous king of all snakes. Instead there are just a bunch of ham-and-egger snakes of all kinds of breeds. Their only goal then was to escape the island...as opposed to having to conquer the enemy. Because there were so many snakes you knew they couldn't possibly try to kill them all and they didn't try. I've seen a similar movie where a town was haunted by snakes and they lead all the snakes into a cave then blew it up. At least then you get the feeling that the good guys killed the bad guys and it was a normal ending. In Snake Island (by the way every single character was shocked to see snakes on the Island...duhhhhh it's NAMED Snake Island for a reason) there was no plan other than trying to get gas for the stupid boat. Oh they never do get gas by the way. They "just happen" to find another boat on the island already gassed up.
critique7294 I agree with everything people said on this one but I must add that the soundtrack is probably the WORST one I have ever heard my entire life! There are actual vocals during times when you are supposed to be listening to the actors talk! And the vocals are like a broadway version of Danzig singing "The darkness of the forest! Oh the darkness of the dark dark forest!" or something else so unthreatening. The singer has a terrible vibrato and has been recorded with a treble-y microphone over some synthed-up string section and fake drum beats. It's horrible!! <br /><br />Yes the male leads are awful. So are the female ones. This is one bad case of gender stereotyping - it's so bad! Everything they say revolves around being a male or a female just playing up the stereotypes to the max. Makes me sick. Soooo boring!!! <br /><br />The children were so echoey in their lines you couldn't understand them. And why do female ghost children always wear cute little bows in their hair pretty blue dresses and long hair? And ghost boys always wear clean cut slacks with cute little shiny blond hair? Not scary - STUPID.<br /><br />Daddy's face was way too blemish free and clean to be that of a man living in a cave. Nice beard and bangs pa. Did you perfectly cut those with a knife yourself or did you stroll into town and go to the salon?<br /><br />Stupid movie.
critique7295 <br /><br />JURASSIC PARK III *___ Adventure <br /><br />Sam Nell (The Dish) William Macy (Happy Texas Fargo) TZ(a Leoni (Family Man)<br /><br />A better title would be: ESCAPE FROM THE ISLAND OF REALLY MEAN DINOSAURS. But then no one would need to see the film. In this sequel a rag-tag group pays a visit to the island of dinosaurs to rescue the teenage victim of a hang-gliding accident.<br /><br />ACCESS HOLLYWOOD reports JP3 began filming without a completed script. That explains why the film seems to have little or no purpose other than to demonstrate state-of-the-art special effects. Sure there are a few clever scenes and some moderately funny bits but no meaningful plot line to tie them together. The dinosaur puppets and animation in JP3 are very good to excellent and more numerous than ever. But the overall film experience can not hold a candle to the original JURASSIC PARK or even JP2.<br /><br />JP3 is a mercifully short 90 minutes -- the last 10 minutes of which is credits. Even at that I found myself frequently checking my wristwatch. The audience I saw it with left the theater in silence.<br /><br />A better bet: see the movie LEGALLY BLONDE.<br /><br />Dave
critique7296 One of the worst shows of all time. The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for. The fat computer geek was unbelievable the bible thumper the bad-ass girl who are these actors??? Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part. Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show. The stories were as unbelievable as the actors. Lame would be the best way to describe it. Somehow this show makes a slug like Ice-T more believable as a cop and he wrote the worst song about cops ever recorded.
critique7297 Ocean's 12 starts off on annoying and gets worse from there on. Like a celebrity awards presentation each major actor/actress is introduced in short 60-second scenarios that seem to stop just short having a blinking "applaud now" sign. The first 60 minutes of the film are incredibly disjointed poorly edited and at times utterly unrelated to the story and confusing. Speaking of the story...there is one kinda...but its barely visible for all the "look at me" shots and cameos. Only Matt Damon seemed to actually "act" during this film...the rest of the cast appeared to only be there to participate in a rat-pack-wanna-be session. As for the heist the action the drama....it was put into the last 8-10 minutes of the movie and was pathetic and anticlimactic. Horrible! Horrible! Horrible!
critique7298 Having seen just about every movie on record that a child of the eighties could have seen this ranks at the very very very bottom of the heap of bad movies I have ever seen. It's depressing and just plain painful to watch. Nuff said.
critique7299 I can't really remember any details of this movie except that the setting looked awfully familiar. Then I realized it was filmed at the Lazy Lizard Hostel in Moab Utah. That was one of my favorite places to visit when I was younger and wandered around the country. The guy who owns/manages the hostel managed to get himself in the movie. All I remember about the plot of the movie is that it involves jeeps and naked women. It is great to watch just for the scenery (I mean the rock formations)... If you are just looking for soft-core porn you will probably be better served elsewhere. I don't even know if this movie is available on tape or DVD.
critique7300 11:11 a.k.a. Hell's Gate (2004) is another bad horror movie that tries too hard to be something it's not. A young girl has an imaginary play mate. One day whilst out in the fields playing with her friends a couple of fugitives visit her parents and whack them off for no apparent reason. The young girl runs off and hides from the bad men. Years later the girl grows up into a woman with problems. Losers at her school (looking like repressed homosexuals) flaunt their manhood in front of her when she rejected one of them. The girls hate her and life in general is miserable for her. A secret from her past returns to visit her. Who or what is it? Why does everyone hate her? What's her Guardian's problem with her? To find out you'll have to watch Hell's Gate.<br /><br />The new title makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. I don't know why people are given money to make such bad movies. This film is not even good enough to make fun of. It's a head ache inducing mess that'l confuse anyone who tries to make some sense out of it. Not worth your time.<br /><br />Not recommended.
critique7301 In this film there is a loose plot of a man (Bardem) who wishes to obtain financing for his construction business and marries a woman he does not love (the wide-eyed Maria de Medieros) in the process. He maintains his passionate relationship with his first and true love and ultimately gets entangled in his own romantic web. He never gives up his juggling act until the three main characters come face to face. The film results boring with lots of free sex (well both girls are really good) all the reactions in the film are absurd incoherent and of course too much stupid. None of the characters are believable which makes the movie a little annoying. Anyway the acting is surprisingly good for such a bad directed film which makes it a little interesting but if you can watch another film please!
critique7302 Look it's the third one so you already know it's bad. And "Maniac Cop" wasn't good enough to warrant the second installment so you know it's even worse. But how much worse? Awful approaching God-awful.<br /><br />When Maniac Cop goes on a killing spree a reporter exclaims "What happened here can ONLY be described as a black rainbow of death."<br /><br />1-- Rainbows are not black and can never be. 2-- Rainbows are harmless and can never inflict pain or death. 3-- A news reporter one valuable to his agency might find another way to describe the aftermath of a killing spree. "A black rainbow of death" is not the ONLY way to describe the given situation.<br /><br />This is what you're in for.
critique7303 Naturally Sadie sucks big time I have no idea what the people were thinking about when they wrote this garbage. This is not funny its not cute in any way shape or form its just disturbing and a waste of money. Sadie is such a bad actor. I lost all my brain cells watching this show it honestly seemed that this show is forced it was such a huge over hyped pile of crap.<br /><br />This show sucks.<br /><br />Its a waste of time and money don't bother watching this garbage. The characters are so stupid and ridiculous. In the first season its just dumb and stupid then when i saw the second season i just couldn't take anymore it made me want to kill Charlotte Arnold. The second season is juts absolutely a disgrace to Disney This show is also a racist piece of sh**
critique7304 As a Mystery Science Theatre 3000 fan I can withstand ANY motion picture that can be foisted upon me but there is absolutely no reason for this.<br /><br />Rated "Super Action" in the Blockbuster Video section and given the dreaded "Restricted Viewing Sticker" I'm assuming these are the only methods that film maker (HA!) Robert Napton could use to get at least 4.50 from one unsuspecting person.<br /><br />Shame on you Robert Napton! Shame on you for exploiting these poor Mexican actors who you probably promised hopes for making it big in American cinema. You are a disgrace!<br /><br />There isn't one moment in this movie that holds the slightest bit of action. Did you use snot on these people? Oh look they're having a rave in a field! Like all 6 of them. And isn't that an Asian guy in the background? Why is it always daytime? Why did it take 1/2 of the movie to show anything.. and more importantly why did we watch the other 1/2?<br /><br />PS: You owe me 4.50.
critique7305 This is one of the worst mini-series I have ever seen on TV. I sat through the first half hoping it would improve but it only went from bad to worse. Needless to say I could not bring myself to sit through the torture of a second nights viewing. What was Jon Voight thinking when he made this?????
critique7306 $25000 Pyramid Clues: Deep Blue Sea. Tremors. Slither. Eight Legged Freaks.<br /><br />Pyramid Category: Movies that were funnier and more thrilling than Snakes on a Plane.<br /><br />Hell with that definition I'd have to include the relatively harrowing journey of Ted and Elaine in Airplane! as superior to Snakes in both laughs and thrills.<br /><br />The sad truth is that this isn't even close to the mother of all unintentionally intentional funny snake movies: Anaconda! Besides the never to be seen again casting of JLo-Cube-O.Wilson-Stoltz-Wuhrer in the same flick you had Jon Voight pulling off the all-time cinematic heist. His final scene alone represents everything SOAP tried and failed to do as a "so-ludicrous-it's-fun" movie.<br /><br />In the end Snakes on a Plane is definitive proof that studio execs and fanboys make the worst collaborators possible. Every big scene had been discussed and dissected so much the last year all that was left to amuse by opening night was the amount of fanboy flop-sweat that had to be mopped up at my theater. I heard more forced laughs here than at a studio taping for "According to Jim".
critique7307 I just watched the 30th Anniversary edition of Blazing Saddles one of my all time Favorites!! The TV Pilot for Black Bart stunk. The plot was non-existent and the acting was not good. It was obviously an attempt to profit off of the success of Blazing Saddles and there have been TV shows that have succeeded in doing take-offs of big movies but this one would never have worked. Considering that for so many years TV would not even play the farting noises when they televised the movie it is inconceivable that they thought they could put a show on TV with the "N" word thrown around. On the other hand I enjoyed seeing a lot of familiar faces!!! There were quite a few actors/actresses that I recognized from other shows over the years. I had to write down all the names and do a few searches. That was fun. I was arguing with my mother if Steve Landesberg was from Barney Miller or Mash. I won! :)
critique7308 All the hype! All the adds! I was bummed that I missed this on the big screen. Where this film worked was in the little details. In EVERYTHING else it failed. Arnold has done so many better performances in the past few years. I thought the days of Commando and Last Action Hero were gone from our lives. Sadly this film panders to the lowest common denominator and reduces Arnold to a bellowing grunting face contorting muscle that just knows how to shoot guns and blow things up. In a cliche last moment (and at one other time) that was predictable from the start we see a glimmer of the actor that has proven he is more than what he got paid for early in his career. I was unimpressed with the film as it never broke new ground or went anywhere but where you expected it to.
critique7309 Lets get one thing out of the way. I am a HUGE Bruce Campbell fan I have the Evil Dead series have the action figures and have seen Bubba Ho-Tep. I am a fan of cheesy laughable horror flicks and know how to appreciate the whole "it's so bad it's good" deal. <br /><br />I wish I could say the same about this movie. I watched this movie with high expectations I wanted it to be good campy something from the BC we have all come to know and love. It started out promising enough but after the first 20 minutes I resided to watching the rest of this sorry excuse of a movie as if I had just been shot with tranquilizer darts. <br /><br />The idea itself isn't a bad one; two men don't get along both killed by the same psycho woman half of one man's brain is transplanted into the other's head they argue disagree and the comedy ensues. <br /><br />What killed me is how extremely unorganized and boring it was! It had potential even as a camp flick to be so much better than it was. The plot was boring even Bruce's zany physical slap stick couldn't make it work. <br /><br />Word's cannot even properly express the ridiculous robot that Bruce's wife's brain ends up getting put into. Easily the worst looking robot I have ever seen anywhere (even for a B movie.) The whole idea is dumb. <br /><br />What the hell was going through Bruce's mind when he made this steaming pile is beyond me. Why Ted Raimi didn't go running to his big brother asking him to slap some sense into Bruce and not to mention some lessons about making an enjoyable movie on a budget is beyond me.<br /><br />Shame on you Bruce!!!
critique7310 This was a waste of 75 minutes of my life. The acting was atrocious and the plot was ridiculous. It revolves around an evil lesbian who gets rich married men to have sex with her and then blackmails them for money. One of the victims is a candidate for DA which is causing problems in his relationship with his wife. Another is a plastic surgeon also married and the evil lesbian happens to seduce this guys wife too! Meanwhile the evil lesbian's girlfriend doesn't really like her sleeping around. It ends in a happy ending where all is forgiven. The women get naked a lot too mostly in situations that stretch reality. bad bad bad.
critique7311 Matt Cordell is back from the dead for a third go-round although I'm not sure anyone cared at this point except for rabid MANICA COP fans. Cordell who died in the last flick is resurrected through voodoo and is now hot on the trail of several miscreants involved in the shooting of a fellow officer Cordell is very fond of. I missed part of this early '90s low-budget quickie but it was pleasing to see Cordell wracking up the body count in various gruesome ways. Problem is the overall film is pretty static and Cordell simply ain't Jason or Freddy. The interest wanes pretty fast even with that grand B-movie master Robert Forster as a doctor who ends up with his brains scrambled. Stick with the first film in the series which is funny and scary and exciting all at the same time.
critique7312 Baldwin has really stooped low to make such movies. The script the music just about everything in this movie is a waste of time.<br /><br />The sound FX do not sound real they stick out way too much (technical gadgets etc.) If they are trying to make a movie about things like this at least try to get real with it and drop those extra bleeps and beeps because those gadgets don't really make loud sounds like that. Natural sounds like footsteps and such are non-existent which gives it a void-like atmosphere.<br /><br />Directing seems to be OK for such a low budget film (I sure hope it was a low budget production) although it does seem fairly amateurish at times.<br /><br />Most characters seem empty and false they simply haven't casted this movie very well. I'd imagine it would've been a better idea to make Baldwin speak some Spanish than to make Spanish actors speak English when we all know that theirs is the language which is more vibrant and alive that is why the actors performance can suffer greatly if an odd language is used. I mean could finally someone realise how stupid it sounds to make international actors speak English with a bad accent? It's should've a long ago buried corpse in movie production. The production team ever heard of subtitles? This movie again manages to depict European police as lazy and corrupt the societies as vulnerable and helpless. I mean if the plot again goes like "The Interpol can't do jack so let's call one American to bring down this international syndicate" or whatever.<br /><br />Sony Pictures treads on the same path as Columbia before it just producing movies for the hell of it. I'd imagine them to have some self respect also. Are buyers supposed to buy every dirty title just because Sony puts out something good a few times a year?! Maybe they should've used the same team as who were making Di Que Si - Say I Do. It's spoken in Spanish and Paz Vega and Santi Millan do a decent job keeping the movie afloat. Looks and sounds much better! Come on Sony wake up produce less sell more.
critique7313 From the start this film drags and drags. Clumsy overdubs explaining the history monochrome acting boring sets total lack of any humanity verve or style. The actors look as if they are drugged. Potentially an interesting story completely wasted. Surely somebody realised how bad it was at some point in producing it?
critique7314 This is exactly the sort of Saturday matinee serial I loved during World War II. I was under ten years of age. And that's the audience this serial is designed for. Looking at it now one must roar at its ineptitude and stupidity. The budget must have been next to nothing given the shortcuts and repeats. The acting? Well this is Republic pictures 1944. They read the lines....and no doubt had one take to make them convincing.<br /><br />One and half stars.
critique7315 If this book remained faithful to the book then we can only assume that the author was ignorant of history. Mark Anthony never died of injuries obtained in battle as depicted. He died a coward's death by committing suicide and even then he asked his slave to do it for him. The slave chose to kill himself instead. In the real story Mark Anthony was ashamed by the slave's great valor and decided to copy him. But even in death Mark Anthony was a drunken failure and failed at his own suicide attempt. He cried out for Cleopatra and was taken to her bleeding. She hauled his litter up on ropes and Mark Anthony died a while later. If you want history don't watch this movie. If you want romantic drivel then you will probably enjoy it!
critique7316 This is indeed one of the weakest films based on Agatha Christie's work a lifeless muddled mystery that clearly lacks the grace (and the budget!) of its predecessors ("Death On The Nile" "Evil Under The Sun") and Donald Sutherland is a pale shadow of Peter Ustinov as far as screen detectives go (of course he is playing a character much less interesting than Poirot). The film manages to coast as far as it does on the strength of Christie's plot alone (all her plots have a certain amount of inherent interest) but the direction is hopelessly flat. (*1/2)
critique7317 Well to each his own but I thought Gibson's Hamlet was the most god-awful rendition I had ever witnessed... as subtly nuanced as a paper bag and as inspired as a telemarketing call. The only reason I watched the movie through to the end was that I held out hope that either it would get better or become unintentionally funny. No luck.<br /><br />No disrespect for the supporting cast or for Zefferelli's staging but nothing can make up for the bungling of the main character. I have seen Hamlet well-portrayed as an African prince as an animated lion as a rough-and-tumble warrior as a romantic poet etc. etc. etc. . But IMHO this portrayal was just a plentiful lack of wit together with most weak hams.
critique7318 This is the movie that pretty much sounded the death knell for the auteur in Hollywood. At over 40 million bucks Heaven's Gate is so poorly conceived and executed it would take a lifetime to break down every area of failure. What really galls me the most about it is that technically it's very bad an unforgivable sin for the money that went into it. John Hurt's commencement speech at Harvard is inaudible as is a conversation between Kris Kristofferson and Richard Masur at the train station. Some people seem to think Cimino intended this as a "style". He didn't. It's just bad sound recording. The characters are not particularly well-drawn except for the four or five leads; in the climactic battle scene it's difficult to tell who's the bad guys and who's the good guys. Even on that level it's impossible to enjoy the movie. The casting of Isabelle Huppert as the town madam is a joke her French accent renders the whole character a fraud. The acting is generally stiff without any range or depth of feeling; even Christopher Walken is bad. John Hurt's character is the only one with any swagger or vitality (although Hurt in his 40s playing a fresh-faced Harvard grad with bags under his eyes is patently ridiculous). <br /><br /> I guess to say that it's overlong is overkill. The roller-skating sequence could have been easily cut the cockfight scene is rapidly becoming a movie cliche and the final scene on board the ocean liner is right out the Twilight Zone. Having Rod Serling appear before the camera at the end to explain what we just watched would have been the perfect finale. Actually those scenes in and of themselves are not bad but Cimino has not earned the right to include them because what he's given us as the "meat" of the picture IS so incompetently bad. The editing is poor especially in the grand battle climax. At one point the same explosion with the same wagon wheel flying from the blast is used three different times. I wish could I say something- anything- nice about this movie: a great scene a great performance even one memorable line of dialogue but I can't. It is all just one big unholy mess. About the only thing I did like was the cinematography and the Montana locations which are stunning. Even Cimino couldn't screw that up. This is a long boring bad movie by all standards. And the people who say that it gets bashed only because of the cost overruns are just kidding themselves. 1/2 * out of 4
critique7319 Jack Frost returns with an army of Styrofoam balls that can only be foiled by being shot with super-soakers loaded with margaritas. How's that for a plot? The film hinges on such a ridiculous premise that it barely raises an eyebrow when characters are killed with BBQ tongs and are impaled by carrots. You might even say the whole movie is skating on thin ice (ba-boom-tish).<br /><br />Admittedly there are some fantastic one-liners including a remark about the Murderous Coconut Shark.<br /><br />Fair enough times are hard but that does not excuse the willingness of the actors to take part in such utter tripe.<br /><br />For those fans hoping to see Jack Frost be prepared to accept him as merely a phallic carrot creeping up the beach with corny voice-over commentary.
critique7320 Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity with a remake of his original film Ju-On The Grudge. While I haven't seen that film I would have to wager that there's more imagination and originality (or some rip-off originality in other words skill with known tropes of the Japanese ghost movie) than in his own directed remake. Maybe the script was written to somehow have some kind of warped appeal or I would guess accessibility for an American audience. What starts off with some potential - the hint of something very screwed up going on with Bill Pullman's sudden movement - just goes into a total jumble. And as a horror movie? Gimme a break.<br /><br />Tension could have been built on the situation - a nurse going to take care of a disturbed woman in a house that is haunted - but he undercuts everything he wants to get his audience to feel. Scares? How's about some music timed just so you know when exactly to expect something. A black cat? Yeah why not just make the ghost-boy thing sound like a cat for creepiness which in effect is only creepy if you want cats. Plot? Why not just shuffle between past and present without any semblance of an actual flow of how a story could be told (meaning while the flashbacks are inserted and are meant to be organic with the story overall they aren't) or for that matter have us care about ANYONE in the cast.<br /><br />By the time the characters or those that are there for exposition get around to telling us what is going on or whatever there's little point to care. The film-making is shoddy (i.e. the 180 degree rule is broken many times over and not in a forgivable or intriguing way) and the performances are wooden even when looking frightened or shocked (Gellar especially is disappointing but Pullman who shows up later after his first scene is sorely miscast). Even when Shimizu tries for some average old "Boo" scares like when the woman is in the office building and chased by the Grudge ghost it's still silly. Just watch when she's going on that elevator and the ghost is in the background of shots. Either you'll go with it and if so more power to you or you'll laugh hysterically at the results. Count me in the latter.<br /><br />I'm not totally sure where this project went wrong - was it Shimizu having to retool it for the studios or him not giving enough leeway with his revamp of his vision? Or maybe Raimi had some say in it and made things more confusing and/or dull than they would be with someone else. The Grudge gives us a lot of information that doesn't make sense or at the least give us some horror-fodder to chew on. It's cineplex trash of a sad order.
critique7321 If you have ever shopped at Wal-Mart then you probably know about the $5 DVD bin that sits by the electronics department. Well that is where I found this movie. However I was tricked! You see the cover of this particular DVD had a big picture of Sandy Bullock on it and even listed her name as a "headliner". I picked it up thinking "Wow I didn't know Sandra Bullock did this movie?!?!" So I was pumped to go home and watch a cool Sandra Bullock movie. Much to my surprise Ms. Bullock had a small role.....very small role. She plays the girlfriend of the son of the CIA agent. Talk about supporting actress. She may have had no more than 2 lines in the movie. Besides being deceived of this being a Bullock flick I looked past that and I continued to watch an "action-packed" film. Negative! At one point for special effects a gun was taped to the camera. You gotta watch it to laugh at what horrible really is.
critique7322 This movie was so predictable and poorly acted. I really can't recommend it to anyone not even for unintentional laughs. It is just plain bad. It is pure TV movie hell the cast doesn't seem all that bad but they act terribly. Just stay far away from this movie and rent something more intellectual like porn.
critique7323 Rented this one by mistake thinking it was another film with the same title and realizing that I had rented it some time before.<br /><br />Quick plot line. A couple consisting of an artist and photographer rent a studio apartment in Los Angeles from Joe Estevez still cursing the fact his brother Martin Sheen could actually ACT! They find a bed in a forgotten room but the bed is haunted by a nasty looking serial killer from the 1930's and his last victim. Their ghosts inhabit the couple first enhancing their sex life but eventually becoming more menacing.<br /><br />What ensues is cheap R-rated sex scenes cheaper thrills and kind of a waste of time.
critique7324 Well first off if you're checking out Revolt of the Zombies as some very early Night of the Living Dead (1968)-type film forget it. This is about "zombies" in a more psychological sense where that term merely denotes someone who is not in control of their will but who must instead follow the will of another. The "zombies" here as little as they are in the film are largely metaphors for subservience to the state or authority in general as in wartime. It is quite a stretch to call this a horror film.<br /><br />The film is set during World War I. A "French Cambodian" contingent had heard strange stories about zombification--supposedly Angkor Wat was built by utilizing zombies--and there are tales of zombie armies easily overcoming foes. Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) brings back a priest who supposedly knows the secret of zombification but he won't talk. So Louque and an international military contingent head to Angkor Wat on an archaeological expedition designed to discover the secret of zombification and destroy the information before zombies have a chance to "wipe out the white race".<br /><br />One of the odd things about Revolt of the Zombies is that it seems like maybe writer/director Victor Halperin decided to change his game plan while shooting the script. The film begins as if it will explore the zombie/military metaphor and maybe even have adventure elements but after about 15 minutes it changes gears and becomes more of a love triangle story.<br /><br />Halperin does stick with a subtext about will and power (and a Nietzschean "will to power"). The film is interesting on that level but the script and the editing are very choppy. This is yet another older film for which I wouldn't be surprised if there is missing footage especially since some scenes even fade or cut while a character is uttering dialogue.<br /><br />Amidst the contrived romance story Halperin tries to keep referring to the zombie thread but little of the zombie material makes much sense. Louque discovers the secret of zombification but it doesn't mean much to the viewer. The mechanics of the zombie material are vague and confusingÃ‚Â—Halperin even resorts to using superimposed footage of Bela Lugosi's googly-eyes from his 1932 film White Zombie but never explains what it has to do with anything. There are big gaps in the plot including the love story. Promising interesting characters from early reels disappear for long periods of time. One potential villain is disposed of unceremoniously before he gets to do much.<br /><br />If you're a big fan of old creaky B movies Revolt of the Zombies may be worth watching at least once--the acting isn't all that bad and if you've got a good imagination you can piece together an interesting story in your mind to fill in all of the gaps. But this is the second time I've seen the film with the first only being about five years ago and I could barely recall anything about it--so it's not exactly memorable.
critique7325 Lucio Fulci was famous for his Italian splatter movies mostly his undead films like Zombie or The Beyond. Here he directed a black comedy of sorts but there's just one problem: its nauseating. I say this knowing that I like City of the Walking Dead (which is also gross but not like this). A compulsive gambler gets money for his habit by romancing ugly and deformed rich women then murdering them and stealing their cash. The film makes this plan look that easy. I guess the women were too ugly to go to a bank so they always had their cash on person. After the upteenth murder I began to suspect what I've always heard about Fulci: he hated women. He must have. At any rate this film stinks its not funny and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies. Avoid this film at all costs.
critique7326 At first the movie seemed to be doing great they had the characters profiles set...the plot seemed to be going in the right direction... however as the movie progressed it seemed the director focused on the wrong kind of things...or just a lot was edited from the movie. The characters' identities changed for the worse within the movie. Also there seemed to be a lot of implicit meaning -- in other words -- they had things within the movie that didn't seem to fit the movie itself. AND the title... no where in the movie does the title fit the movie...I suppose the title works for the previews.... Actors did well with what they had.....if they had a better director and writer maybe this would have worked out better. But it didn't. So now there's a new terrible movie coming out this Friday.... My opinion!....don't waste your time or money.
critique7327 Sorry I just didn't find the subject matter as compelling as the filmmaker did. The robot guy and the mole rat guy were pretty interesting although Morris didn't really tell us much about them. The other two subjects were a bore. And the supposed "connections" between them didn't hold up.
critique7328 Audrey I know you truly cherish your husband Ted's memory but PLEASE do his legacy justice and heed his wishes. Dr. Seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason. We beg of you to please stop cashing in on his stories images fantasies and characters. They are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of Hollywood and Broadway. The children of tomorrow will be stuck with these histrionic and grotesque interpretations that will forever pollute the loving warmth and innocence of his books.<br /><br />It is indeed your property to do with as you wish. I just wish you would listen to the advice of others for a little while. Save what is left of Dr. Seuss. Thank you.
critique7329 Masters Horror: Sounds Like is set in Seattle where Larry Pearce works as the manager of a computer software call center having lost his 6 year old son Michael (Nicholas Elia) to a rare heart condition he finds that he has ultra sensitive hearing. Larry hears everything in ten fold from people typing on computer keyboards people whispering across the room people tapping their foot on the floor dripping taps & eventually even people breathing become unbearable for Larry as he is constantly bombarded with mind piercing noise. Eventually Larry decides he's had enough & if he can't stop the noises themselves then maybe he can stop himself hearing them with the help of a large meat clever...<br /><br />This Canadian American co-production was episode 4 from season 2 of the generally hit-and-miss Masters of Horror TV series written & directed by Brad Anderson I thought Sounds Like was a definite miss. The script was based on a short story by Mike O'Driscoll & I am genuinely surprised by the amount of very positive comments it has here on the IMDb at the present time for a start I would be very hard pressed to even describe this as a horror film & it feels more like some bizarre sentimental drama until the last 5 minutes when Howard Berger Gregory Nicotero & the boys at KNB effects actually get to do some work. Larry has this strange unexplained ability to amplify sound & noises from the start so this episode ends up like 55 minutes of exactly the same sort of repetitive build up which leads up to a gory ending although it comes to late to save the episode. This is pretty slow going & while it's well written isn't this meant to be horror themed & I'm slightly confused as to who this is meant to appeal to?<br /><br />Director Anderson does OK but he just keeps repeating the same things over & over again until the last 5 minutes there isn't a single drop of blood in the entire thing. There's no horror there's no scares or tension & absolutely no atmosphere.<br /><br />Technically this is very well made has good production values & doesn't look like a cheap made-for-TV program. The acting is very good actually & it's shame the story is somewhat limited.<br /><br />Sounds Like is one of the very worst Masters of Horror episodes a lot of people seem to like it & that's fine but it's definitely not for me. Another Masters of Horror another disappointment.
critique7330 The word "1st" in the title has more ominous meaning for the viewers of this film than for its crime victims. At least they don't have to stick around and watch this interminable film reach its own demise.<br /><br />1st should refer to: 1st draft of a script; 1st takes used in each performance in the final film; 1st edit in post production; etcetera etcetera.<br /><br />The movie is not cast too badly it's just that everything about the film come off as worse than third rate from the goofy script to the wooden performances. And while suffering through this cobbled together film by the 2 hour mark you want to be put out of your misery. At 160 minutes long it is readily apparent that it should have been edited to under 2 hours.<br /><br />Going into details concerning the lame script and acting serves little purposes. Even in the equally awful Lake Placid at least the performances Bill Pullman and Bridget Fonda constructed out of an extremely weak script were nuanced enough to make you laugh at the movie. In 1st to Die one ends up grieving only for the time lost in waiting to see what happens after the opening scene of the preparation of the female lead's suicide.<br /><br />The editing is so bad one is never introduced to one of the main characters who I think (were never quite told) is a D.A. She just appears in one scene in the middle of a conversation. Obviously the scene where she is introduced to the viewer was dropped on the editor's floor. And no one realized that a character appearing out of nowhere was an unusual film ploy.<br /><br />In a word don't waste your time with this one. My wife and I wish we didn't. But at least we created our own diversions by commenting in various places in the film like it was Mystery Science Theater. "Meanwhile in Cleveland . . . ." !!!!
critique7331 This movie starts with the main character lying in a coma in a hospital ward attended by two orderlies. The unconscious main character is heard in a voice over saying that the orderlies are gay. The orderlies kiss. I watched this in a DVD version and I have the suspicion that this is supposed to be funny Ã‚Â– it said Ã‚Â„comedy" on the DVD case after all and it goes on like that. Had I seen this in a movie theater I probably would have heard part of the audience roar with laughter because it is so funny Ã‚Â– and because they are supposed to sit in a comedy. While it is fascinating to think about what it is funny and what isn't this movie unfortunately only delivers arguments about what isn't.<br /><br />Brilliant brains can MAKE anything funny people like Ernst Lubitsch Billy Wilder or Mel Brooks have proved that fact. But you have to know the Ã‚Â„mechanics" I suppose. Director and co-scriptwriter Dani Levy does not bother about those mechanics he thinks that certain things simply ARE funny the fact that two orderlies are gay and kiss over a man in a coma for example. Do not get me wrong some people can MAKE that funny Dani Levy can't not for me anyway.<br /><br />The main problem I have with this movie is that I can't see a reason behind the way the main characters behave. I could not understand why the two brothers one an orthodox Jew from West Germany one a third class carbon copy of Fast Eddie Felson from former East Germany so strongly disliked each other. They are both rather bland characters. Their children are boring apart from the fact that they are sexually attracted to each other (well one is a lesbian now but raises the daughter she has with her cousin). But even these incestuous relationships Ã‚Â– if anything they are embarrassing - just come through as an excuse because the scriptwriters could not come up with anything better.<br /><br />The acting is not bad Udo Semel I actually came to like quite a lot although he reminded me more of ex chancellor Helmut Kohl (a lighter version) than of a venerable Orthodox Jew. The direction in itself is not really bad either but maybe Levy should stick to directing movies leaving the scriptwriting to someone else. Now I heard he did a comedy about Hitler. Oi Vai!
critique7332 If you value your life in any way shape or form you will do yourself a courtesy and pass by this seemingly "interesting" movie on the DVD rack.<br /><br />I know what you're thinking "I saw the preview and it looked GREAT!" However buyer beware I fell into the same trap. One of my friends expressed certain reluctance to watching this movie but I forced her to sit it out. Oh how I regret that decision.<br /><br />Like most horror movies the movie starts out cheerfully in a sunny Mexican resort where two couples are lured to an ancient Mayan Ruin by a fellow resort-goer. Upon arrival they are disturbed by the appearance of two jungle people who are all but oblivious to their greeting shouts. As if this isn't ominous enough the tour group casts aside large plant growth and declares an unused path consumed by wildlife a perfect route to their destination. I guess it wouldn't be much of a movie if they utilized rational decision making and turned around just then but well this wasn't much of a movie anyways.<br /><br />After some hiking the sixsome (the resort goer brought a friend) stumble upon the ruins and at once their doubts are dispelled by its beauty and history. That is until frantic tribal people emerge from the jungle armed with a vengeance for no reason in particular shouting in an indecipherable language. Since when are brutal verbal assaults assuaged by calm patronizing language - don't ask me - but nonetheless the cast tries anyway to no avail obviously. Suddenly the sixth trail member Dimitri is punctured with several arrowheads from the Mayans and all hell breaks loose. A gunshot finishes the job and the horrified travelers retreat quickly up the ruin.<br /><br />Now if there was ever a plot to this movie it ended here. The introduction took at most 20 minutes and it was unfortunately the best 20 minutes of the movie. On top of the ruins the now fivesome realizes they are stranded by murderous locals and proceed to make countless good decisions one of them being to use a withered rope to lower one of their members into the bowels of the ruin. Needless to say the adventurer is seriously hurt and then trapped within the ruins and the two girlfriends are gravely injured trying to rescue him.<br /><br />The rest of the movie continues plotlessly with no real horror only only blood and gore as displayed when one girl yanks a plant growing within her out gushing torrents of blood and then again when somebody's legs are cut off only to have the same plat from within the girl strangle him later.<br /><br />My only satisfactions in this movie were observing the very attractive Jonathon Tucker playing Jeff McIntire grow increasingly more frazzled and distressed and sitting long enough to ascertain that almost all of the cast dies a horrible gruesome death. Their simulated pain seems an adequate compensation for the time suck that was this movie.<br /><br />Supposedly the storyline goes that the ruin is an ancient house of of dangerous spirits with an evil flesh eating plant to ward off and consume unlucky visitors. Unfortunately I got no such warning from screaming bloodthirsty plants and the only evil thing relating to this movie that I am truly horrified by is the script writer.
critique7333 do not ever watch this film...it is the biggest pile of sh*te i have ever come across in my whole life. and thats saying something. the acting storyline and filming were absolutely dire this is THE WORST FILM IN THE WORLD!!! seriously doesn't it even give you a hit seeing as it cost my 99p from sainsburys and it was only made in 2005? hahaha this film is like a cheap college movie you can even see the camera in the corner of the screen....although if u really wanna watch it you gotta watch the "scary shark scene"...possibly the best piece of acting i have seen in my life...ha ha. i mean seriously this is the biggest waste of 2 1/2 hours EVER!!
critique7334 After eagerly waiting to the end I have to say I wish I wouldn't have joined the whole series at the first place. The final episode was everything against the previous seven years. It has ruined everything. The journey was 23 years but captain Janeway has the power to reduce it... let say seven years only. Why seven? Why not just one? Or nothing? Why not avoid the whole adventure? Crewmemebers were dying all along the journey. Why she wants to save Seven of Nine only? The others don't count or what? The most ridiculous part when the crew states that getting home is not really the most important thing to them. As the say "journey is more important than the destination". Unbelievable. And at the finale scene the are surrounded by other Federation ships and the Earth is in sight. Nothing about landing returning to the normal life.<br /><br />Worst ending ever.
critique7335 So it has come to this. Fast expensive cars that only the upper 1% will ever drive. The girls that pose next to them in gearhead magazines. Second-tier and no-name actors. Cheap promotional appearances by people from niche culture. <br /><br />This is the garbage that Hollywood has to offer. Don't get me wrong; I love the mindless action flick with hot chicks as much as the next guy. But please will the collective Braintrust that greenlights this stuff please stop count to ten breathe have a hearty "Woooooosaaaaaah" then rewind twentyfive years and recall what made movies enjoyable once upon a time? Then actually MAKE some movies like that again? <br /><br />I have nothing against poker but the entire pop-culture explosion it has enjoyed over the past five years is ridiculous. Everyone and their mother thinks their Maverick now (not that half of them even will get that reference). Some executive said "Hey what demographic do you want to leach $9.50 out of?" "I know sir. The 18-35 market." "Ok let's give them poker girls and fast cars." "Brilliant idea sir." The result? A film that I've seen a hundred times late at night on Spike TV and more often than not starring Dolph Lundgren. <br /><br />Now don't misunderstand me;I am not a film snob. Over-the-top artsy flicks like The English Patient don't float my boat but generic films that should not have even been made straight to DVD bother the hell out of me too. Only adolescent gearheads will have their engines revved by this and I imagine the ones in the higher end of their IQ range will see this for what it is: a junkyard.
critique7336 If you enjoy seeing what must have started as a 2 hour movie in unconnected bursts of unwatchability you'll love this film. Otherwise you'll just wonder how they could have made such a film from something so simple to translate to the big screen as Inspector Gadget.<br /><br />In the previews for the film many scenes were shown which were not in the film and within the film some scenes just don't make sense. While the movie is slightly less than 1 hour and a half I can only think of one truly memorable moment and that is just before or during the credits!<br /><br />
critique7337 Once again I fell for it in my roots I crave a fun and gory horror film even a vampire one. Even if it's stupid as long as I get my fun gore in the mix I'm a happy camper it doesn't take much. So I saw the cover of "Bled" over at Hollywood Video and was kind of curious what it was about it looked kind of interesting so I decided to rent it. Why? Why do I always fall for it? Not only did this movie not fulfill the satisfaction I needed for my gore and senseless violence and nudity but I was bored out of mind. This movie has the kahoonies to say it's a vampire movie and it's really not! I'm so close to going back to the store and begging for money back because this is one of the rare times I actually turned the movie off.<br /><br />An artist meets a vampire I think dunno I'm still trying to figure out what the heck he was but his name was Reinfield so I'm assuming maybe he's a cockroach eating guy who likes to freak people out? I think I dunno. Anyways he thinks the artist has a certain flare for darkness so he gives her a drug to go into an alternate fantasy where a vampire exists and needs blood to become alive? I think I dunno. So her friends get excited and decide they wanna try the drug too I think I dunno. So after they decide to try the drug things get weird the fantasies are real I think I dunno and the vampire is now enjoying the will big breasted girls in scandly clad clothing. I think I dunno. But a couple of the girls really end up being vampires? I think I dunno.<br /><br />Sorry for all the "I dunno's" this is possibly one of the worst reviews I'm going to write but that's because this movie was just awful boring and confusing. I love just seeing these wanna be actors who you can tell are waiters looking for that "big break". Not too smart that they fell in the clichÃƒÂ© of the horror genre sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't in this case they really should have read the script. Because the movie the look the feel the acting everything about this movie was just bad I really recommend that you just pass the movie if you see it at your video store. This possibly could have been an interesting movie with it's concept of a different dimension but why did they pick this director to display his "creativity" if he even has any? This was a bad movie just stay away.<br /><br />1/10
critique7338 It's a pity to throw away such a good idea. The main idea of the movie is travel into past lives which - fortunately - is not a time travel but a journey inside man which has nothing to do with the past or the future. (Maybe they shouldn't be called past lives at all in the film now that I think of it... Another minus I guess). It's all in the present in a different space... Very interesting without causing much religious distress.<br /><br />However the music is totally repetitive melodramatic sentimental and out of place (not to mention "western"!). There should have been more variety and more thought on where there should be music and where there shouldn't. The flashback romantic scenes take a lot of space and running time and are totally unnecessary. The acting is not bad although the language has kept me from understanding better.<br /><br />I believe the idea needed a little more thought developing and unfoldment. The inside scenes could have had better background settings because in many cases they seem unreal. As a whole I would say that this movie leaves a lot to be desired...
critique7339 i can't figure out who greenlighted this thing! it has no redeeming qualities none nada zip zilch.<br /><br />the acting was bad. the directing was bad. the writing was bad. the plot was bad. the music was bad. the editing was bad. ....well at least the filmmakers were consistent.
critique7340 Put the blame on executive producer Wes Craven and financiers the Weinsteins for this big-budget debacle: a thrash-metal updating of "Dracula" with a condescending verbal jab at Bram Stoker (who probably wouldn't want his name on this thing anyway) and nothing much for the rest of us except slasher-styled jolts and gore. Christopher Plummer looks winded as Van Helsing in the modern-day--not just a descendant of Van Helsing but the real thing; he keeps himself going with leeches obtained from Count Dracula's corpse which is exhumed from its coffin after being stolen from Van Helsing's vault and flown to New Orleans. This is just what New Orleans needs in the 21st Century! The film well-produced but without a single original idea (except for multi-racial victims) is both repulsive and lazy and after about an hour starts repeating itself. * from ****
critique7341 A professional production with quality actors that simply never touched the heart or the funny bone no matter how hard it tried. The quality cast stark setting and excellent cinemetography made you hope for Fargo or High Plains Drifter but sorry the soup had no seasoning...or meat for that matter. A 3 (of 10) for effort.
critique7342 There are many reasons I'm not a fan of fact based films but more than any other is how the filmmakers give themselves creative license over the story. If they have such great imaginations then why not use that talent to make something original? Otherwise stick to the facts. This could have been an okay movie if only they had done just that. Ed Gein was an insanely frightening human being. It's been said if you were to take Michael Myers Jason Voorhees and Leatherface wrap them into one person Ed Gein would still be sicker/scarier. So why can't someone make a movie about him that can convey this? When will they figure out that reality is ultimately scarier than fiction? <br /><br />I've read books and watched news programs about him and now I'm not a screenwriter or anything but I believe there's enough documentation on Gein that it shouldn't take a whole lot to write a story about all these atrocities he committed without creating murders that had never even been documented. I'm aware that he was only found guilty of 2 murders but with all the evidence found in his home and barn there should have been plenty of other ways to put this film together rather than using the deputy's relationship with his Mother and girlfriend as filler and far too much of it.<br /><br />I guess what I'm wondering is this... why at the end of the movie did I know more about the supporting characters than I did about Ed Gein? Why didn't we get to know his Mother Father and brother and the relationships between them... what made him the psychopath he was... what abuse he endured as a child that may have contributed to the man he became? Instead the only thing we got of his childhood were flashes of him as a little boy... running.<br /><br />In the end I give it 4/10 stars. Thats 2 for the gore and 2 for Kane Hodder. Even though it was kind of bad casting in my opinion considering Gein was a smallish man and possibly effeminate and Hodder is anything but small and nowhere near what I would consider feminine. Maybe I was just excited because he was Jason Voorhees.
critique7343 This is strictly a review of the pilot episode as it appears on DVD.<br /><br />Television moved out of my life in 1981 so I never followed the series or any part of it - which means that I'm immune to the nostalgic charm that Moonlighting appears to have for most reviewers. <br /><br />(Possible spoiler warning) <br /><br />The pilot of Moonlighting is your basic "caveman meets fluffball" yarn where a "charming" red-blooded he-man manipulates a misguided woman into realizing what she really wants and needs. The premises that the script's "wit" is based on must have already felt stale around 1950. It also contains some frankly bad writing as in the scene where Maddie demolishes the furnishings instead of shooting the villain strictly in order to prove herself the inept female in need of masculine assistance. <br /><br />I often feel that Susan Faludi overreacts in seeing male chauvinist conspiracy in simple entertainment but in this particular case I'm all with her - Moonlighting has BACKLASH stamped all over it. <br /><br />In one sense however this DVD is a must for all serious Bruce Willis fans: in addition to the pilot episode it contains the screen test that landed Willis the job. Both features show to what amazing extent Willis' acting ability developed between 1985 and 1988/89 (Die Hard 1 In Country). Impressive! <br /><br />Rating (and I _am_ a Bruce Willis fan): 2 out of 10
critique7344 If the writer/director is reading this (and I imagine you are since you should now be out of work) then I must tell you - I have seen some bad movies in my time but this one gets the distinction of having the worst premise I've ever heard.<br /><br />SPOILERS - Nothing happens! <br /><br />A total waste of time. I laughed out loud at the end. <br /><br />SIDE NOTE - (if the whole movie was her in a coma then does the scene where she sleeps with that guy mean someone raped her while she was knocked out?)<br /><br />Utter rubbish.
critique7345 Sure it's hard being gay especially in the south. We get it. Over... and over again.<br /><br />What stood out was that the film makers focused almost wholly on the more "extreme" characters in these small town gay bars; the drag queens the seedy sleaze of a bar long-closed and on a guy who was brutally murdered for being gay yet had nothing to do with either of the bars which were the focus of this film.<br /><br />There were snippets of interviews from other people people viewers would perhaps be better able to relate to. But they were glossed over practically skipped maybe shown in a glimpse in the background.<br /><br />It would have been more interesting to me at least to hear the experiences of the more common gay men and women who were either enriched or otherwise by the experiences of a small town gay bar and/or the absence of that community.
critique7346 Good attempt at tackling the unconventional topic of May-December romances. However the treatment is totally unrealistic. Sure sixty-year old men can and do fall for younger women but they're usually adult women with whom they share common interests and values and viewpoints ... not neurotic immature near-underage girls. Of course there are exceptions and they come close to being called pedophiles! Sorry RGV but it's not credible that a sane and accomplished sexagenarian would throw away a comfortable family life and become a joke to his peers ... all for an 18-yr old that doesn't have a practical thought in her head and that behaves like an unstable escapee from a mental institution. You don't have to have a PhD in Psychology to see that Amitabh's character is seduced by sex and that the young woman has unresolved abandonment and daddy issues.<br /><br />As for the recurring scene of Vijay perched on the edge of a cliff contemplating suicide that's about as close as he comes to having anything in common with Jiah by behaving like a smitten teenage boy.<br /><br />On a positive note: the actors did a good job and cinematography good.
critique7347 Rudolph MatÃƒÂ©'s film from 1950 is given a revamp for the 80's Dexter Cornell(Dennis Quaid) is a university lecturer who used to have a successful writing career but thats now gone down the tubes along with his marriage. The initial exposition plants the notion in the viewers mind that everybody has something against him so when the revelation comes that he has been poisoned we are not that surprised unless of course you are familiar with the original. Dexter after being told he has less than 48hrs to live decides to trace back his steps with the help of one of his students Sydney Fuller(Meg Ryan) but they find they have many obstacles in their way.<br /><br />The film begins promisingly in black and white as Dexter staggers in the rain towards the local police station where he wishes to report a murder...his own but the Huey lewis style 80's beat that accompanies this scene only serves to remove any sense of tension and tells the viewer that this is going to be pretty bad its only a question of how bad? Sure enough we are soon using the old flashback medium but now the film resorts to full Technicolor. There are some brief homages to Noir as the embracing couple stand in front of a venetian blind but there's really nothing here to recommend it the performances are awful Ryan in particular doing her usual dizzy blonde with a cutesy pie smile routine. The film is a lazy attempt to put some unneeded ooomph into an already fine movie premise obviously trying to cash in one the Body Heat audience the seeming results are undoubtedly aimed at a teen audience and to be sure they are welcome to it. 4/10
critique7348 R Xmas peers into the lives of a middle class married-with-kid family of narco-distributors during the Christmas holiday season. There's no story here - just a disjointed collection of events. Ferrara seems to get off on the juxtaposition of the holidays and home life with narcotics peddling in NYC jumping back and forth between each. The players appear to be improv'ing and adlibing now and then making for an unconvincing watch. Overall a poor effort not worth the time. (D)
critique7349 I saw this movie in its own time period when having a baby out of wedlock not only ruined your life but stamped your child as a bastard. In these days of 'single mothers' that may seem very far-fetched but it was very true. And I'm not crazy about laughing at someone who is stammering either. Between these two problems I had difficulty finding this movie funny. At that time I didn't know who had directed it or what a marvelous reputation he had. I did know who Betty Hutton was and she just made me nervous because she was so frenetic. I loved "Bringing Up Baby" but I find this movie just embarrassing. I'm sure the punch at some church functions probably was spiked but I was the one needing a drink after watching this again. The idea the girl would have to be drunk in order to 'get married' and get pregnant just added to the misery. An entire town could turn on you under these circumstances so the outcome of this movie is really the funny part. Of course shoot me I don't like "It's a Wonderful Life" either.
critique7350 This movie is in the same league as Ishtar. Lots of wasted talent. Who let this bomb escape? When Sigfried says an example has to be made in reference to a nuclear bomb I said "Please let it be this theatre!" Don't waste your time. Not even worth a free rental! And where did they get these shills to fill the comments section on IMDb? I can't believe that anyone who has ever seen the original series enjoyed this stinker. Steve Carell is not a physical comedian. If they removed the "comedy" and made it a straight action movie it could pass. What the heck was the purpose of the dance scene? Also the fat jokes and references were tasteless. This movie never missed a chance to go for the lowest common denominator and scenes just ended it seemed as if no one thought them through. Just awful! Save your time if not money and give this movie a pass!
critique7351 Thank God for DVR and the high speed of it's fast forward. Even with that I couldn't sit through any more of that travesty. When they came across the old Indian asking for beans I gave up and erased it. Is this the best that SciFi Channel can come up with for Saturday nights? How about some old classics instead? The idea of a coed special forces unit was bad enough. It seems like they wanted to save money by having everything filmed out in the woods. What more can I say? It was so awful that I don't think I can come up with enough lines to qualify for space to review it. But it looks like one more line will do it. Save your time let alone your money on this dog of a film.
critique7352 As Jennifer Denuccio used to say on Square Pegs "Gag me out the door." I would definitely vote this movie on IMDB's Worst movie list.<br /><br />Dennis Christopher plays T.T. a guy from Chicago who goes to California peddling his brother's jazz records. He is supposed to be a barney placed in the locals-only surfing community. But he acts more like he is new to civilization (just try to get through his sex scene without squirming). There are also the on-going adventures of the rest of the local population that the viewer must endure. That of Duke (Seymour Cassell) the volleyball expert who tries to get T.T. to act like a normal human being the obnoxious drunk surfers who cheat on their girlfriends and the guy who makes a bet with another that he can live in car for sixth months.<br /><br />California Dreaming is just a big old mess. It starts out like a typical seventies romp complete with bad 70s music (even though this movie came out one year shy of the 80s). And Dennis Christopher comes off as the most irritable loser it makes the movie hard to watch (keep your finger on the fast forward button). Even if this movie was supposed to be about the surfer culture the surf scenes are almost total garbage. The people at the surf contest look as though they can't keep from falling asleep.<br /><br />I guess the only cool thing is seeing Tanya Roberts outside of her role as Midge on the sitcom "That's 70s show." And Cassell wasn't bad he was just in a bad movie.
critique7353 The untold origin of the Lone Ranger. It shows who he was and how and why he became the Ranger.<br /><br />Legendary bomb. The idea was not a bad one--reinvent and introduce the Lone Ranger for 1980s audiences. Right off the bat though there were problems. The studio ordered Clayton Moore (the original Ranger) to stop appearing anywhere as the Lone Ranger. It led to a nasty little battle that made headlines. I know of people who refused to see the film because of how Moore was treated. Also they hired the awesomely untalented Klinton Spilsbury to play the Ranger. Spilsbury was very handsome and muscular but had absolutely no charisma and just couldn't act. In fact his whole vocal performance was redubbed by another actor! Also his off screen antics (public drunkenness and beating people up) didn't help matters. Acting aside the script is dull and slow. Also the Ranger himself doesn't show up until an HOUR in! There were some complaints at the time that the movie was too violent for a PG. However I don't think it was that bad.<br /><br />There are a few (very few) things done right here--the photography was truly beautiful; Michael Horse was excellent as Tonto; Christopher Lloyd is lots of fun as the villain and when the Lone Ranger finally shows up (with the William Tell Overture booming from the soundtrack) it's really rousing. But all in all this is a boring and terrible attempt to bring back the Lone Ranger. It's easy to see why this bombed. A 4--mostly for the photography.
critique7354 There are two points I need to make clear right at the beginning. First of all we all know what this year's Oscar's were REALLY all about this year. It was the Academy's way of showing people that they are no racistand never have been. They wanted to clear all preconceived notions about themselves. Secondly it's kinda pointless to make remarks about the show because really what difference will it make? But it's fun to write about it. This is the year I became fed-up with the Oscar's! I will never watch the show again. Every year they do something wrong. Before Crowe wins for "Gladaitor" when they real winner should of been Ralph Fiennes for "Sunshine". If you haven't seen this movie yet watch it and you'll agree. "Eyes Wide Shut" when released receieved no nominations. And as far as this year goes well the bad choices were all over the place! Baz Lurhmann gets no "Best Director" nomination! Are you joking!! "A Beautiful Mind" is up for "Best Make-up"???? "Training Day" gets nominated?? The movie was awful and it seemed like Washington didn't even turn in a performance all he proved was he knows how to use four letter words! That's what h won the award for! Take away the language and I bet he was almost playing himself! I liked "Gosford Park" I really did but why 7 nominations? And how on Earth could they not give it too Altman! I mean c'mon if there just giving the award to people to clear up any bad feelings what about Altman? The man has been in the public's eye for 32 years now and no Oscar! There were many many things that bothered me about this year's Oscar's but I'll live with it as long as I never have to watch another show again! The highpoint ( and the ONLY one) of the show was when Woody Allen made his first appearance ever to the award show. That will go down as one of the greatest moments in he history of the show.
critique7355 Worse than the rating it has been given. This is a typical SciFi movie nowadays: bad to awful acting a script that is poorly written and shoddy direction. From the opening scene where DeMille is burying his set to the end this movie is terrible. In the beginning scenes this movie has Moses (which was Charlton Heston in the DeMille film) Pharoah (Yul Brynner) and Nefretiri (Anne Baxtor) overlooking a boy burying a box in the sand. The characters that were to represent the three aforementioned icons were awful and had to resemblance to the people they were to "supposedly" be. The fact that this is in the desert away from civilization is hilarious when someone is hurt and they are all yelling for an ambulance. The screenwriter obviously is oblivious to the fact that there are no ambulances in the middle of the desert. I was sorely disappointed that Morena Baccarin decided to do a film of such low quality.
critique7356 The best thing about this movie for me was that Bryan Dick played Rafe and made me -melt-. Rafe and all his gorgeousness made the movie worth sitting through even though I itched to get up and scream. I have never seen a hotter man. <br /><br />-ahem- But that's not the point.<br /><br />The title? That is indeed what it is. They took the beautiful story written by Annette Curtis Klause and threw it out. I will in all my anal-retentive glory point out what was missing what has changed and all else wrong with the movie.<br /><br />Sit tight and here goes:<br /><br />-Apparently RAFE is son of ASTRID and GABRIEL and apparently ULF is no longer ASTRID'S child like in the book. AND as I recall from the book RAFE and ASTRID were LOVERS.<br /><br />-ASTRID is apparently BLOND as opposed to the notably RED HAIR described in the book. I believe the book said that she looked more like a FOX than a WOLF. And the movie also shows that ASTRID is VIVIAN'S aunt.<br /><br />-WHERE DID AXEL GO? <br /><br />-VIVIAN is 19. In the book she was 16. <br /><br />-VIVIAN and AIDEN meet IN HIGH SCHOOL which they both attend in the book. VIVIAN goes to see AIDEN because of his poem 'Wolf Change'. But according to the movie AIDEN beat up his dad escaped and now lives in Romania and draws Graphic Novels. This made me go 'What the F**K.' <br /><br />-There is no 'Kelly' in the movie. WHERE WAS THE KELLY IN THE MOVIE. The KELLY in the book however hated VIVIAN. And she also dated AIDEN after they broke up. Vivian even gets tipsy in the book and trashed her room.<br /><br />-GABRIEL bears a striking resemblance to a Columbian Drug Lord in the movie. And he sort of sounds like one too. His acting was very good but his appearance threw me off.<br /><br />-VIVIAN had NO parents in the movie. Her father and mother and 2 other siblings died in the movie. Yet in the book when she comes home one night her MOTHER ESME is sitting on the couch after fighting with ASTRID over GABRIEL. And VIVIAN has no siblings. Only her father died in the book.<br /><br />-AIDEN accepts VIVAN for what she is. This REALLY got me. He kills RAFE in the creepy church confronts VIVIAN and she saves him from the others wolves except AIDEN shoots her so they saunter off to find medicine and then they try to leave the city together. WTF?! In the book AIDEN freaks out when she turns into a wolf and cries like a chick throws stuff at her and so she panics and jumps out the window. Then he makes up a story that he tried to break up with her and she threw a chair out of the window. That doesn't sound accepting to me.<br /><br />-AIDEN wants her to runaway with him. In the book he wants nothing to do with VIVAN after she turns for him. Nor does he lovingly hold her face and say she can control it. He cries like a woman because he is SCARED of her. <br /><br />And the final indignation...the one that nearly gave my three best friends and I HEART ATTACKS IN OUR SEATS:<br /><br />-In the movie AIDEN and VIVIAN run away together and VIVAN has killed GABRIEL. As in she SHOOTS him. GABRIEL dies. In the *BOOK* not only does VIVIAN not kill GABRIEL I do believe they END UP TOGETHER. As in she doesn't end up with AIDEN she ends up with GABRIEL. WHAT THE HELL.<br /><br />Small things were noticed too: Ulf's red hair which he gets from Astrid has been changed to brown in the movie and Vivian works at a chocolate shop. <br /><br />A horrible shock; I am ashamed. The book really wasn't hard to follow. If Disney can use a random H!School why couldn't the directer have found a random H!School? <br /><br />*sigh* I was really looking forward to this movie I loved the book it's sad that it didn't follow it one bit. I give it a 2 only because (as the top of this review states) Rafe (played by Bryan Dick) was dead sexy and Agnes Bruckner did a wonderful job. AND they kept the poem from Steppenwolf <br /><br />With love<br /><br />Caitlin
critique7357 This film describes the experiences of a couple of hit men (one of them Burt Reynolds) a prostitute and two drag queens over the interval of a few hours on one night in Miami. The convergent storylines eventually bring all the people together at one place and time. The movie was mildly entertaining but the big problem was that everything happens at night and many scenes were literally under-exposed to the point that it was impossible to see what was happening. In a few scenes you can actually see where they tried to "stretch" the developing process to save the images. Somebody didn't know how to operate a movie camera. Amazing that this film was even released!
critique7358 I'll not comment a lot what's to??? Stereotype characters absolute ignorance about Colombia's reality awful mise en scene poor color choice NOT funny (it supposed to be a comedy and they expect that you will laugh because some distend music it's beside the nonsense scenes) Very poor actors direction (if you see somewhere those people I mean the interpreters you'll know they are at least good but seeing this so call film it is impossible to guess it) you get tired of the music... this "comedy" has no rhythm the only good rhythm in it it's the rap sing in the final credits....pathetic doesn't it? etc...etc... It has been a long time I haven't seen a movie so bad!!
critique7359 Fatal Contact: Bird Flu in America: 3 out of 10: This movie is both funny and sad. The funny part is fairly obvious as this certainly isn't a sober look at a possible impending crisis. This is a modern version of The Swarm. And much like those killer bees (and the so called killer bee crisis that prompted them) Bird Flu has joined a pantheon of media inspired end of the world scenarios (SARS Y2K Global Warming) that simply refuse to actually come about.<br /><br />The sad part is the blatant attempt of the filmmakers to inspire panic. Disease pandemics historically were fairly common after all people didn't all die in their forties from heart disease. Even recent pandemics such as AIDS mirrors the old fashioned VD crisis (Think syphilis) that used to kill more soldiers than bullets.<br /><br />The flu pandemic of the early twenties was a nasty business killing millions but honestly life went on. I wonder if our over dramatic media and their power hungry government allies would allow life as normal today.<br /><br />The movie itself swerves wildly from fairly competent scenes (Triage in grand Central Station) to the ridiculous (Rednecks try to ambush national guardsman in Manhattan).<br /><br />The scenarios themselves are fairly useless as the filmmakers can't seem to decide exactly how contagious the bird flu is or for that matter whether the symptoms are an Ebola style crash or simply a long illness. Indeed one scene will show everyone in bio-hazard suits and the next will have nobody even wearing a mask.<br /><br />The film also patently refuses to actually give any practical advice regarding what to do in a Bird Flu crisis. (Outside of wash your hands what no duct tape?) The acting and directing are competent for a TV movie but the script is all over the map. Last the movie has a strangely non-exponential death total running on the bottom of the screen. Just like the Swarm did.
critique7360 ShintarÃƒÂ´ Katsu gained tons of fame playing the wonderful character Zatoichi. The Zatoichi films had a weird and unbelievable concept--a blind guy is the greatest swordsman in Japan and spends each movie righting wrongs and exacting retribution on evil doers. He's a heck of a nice guy and the films are exciting and addictive (I've actually seen every movie). It is because of this I saw this final installment of the Hanzo the Razor series as I assumed it would be very similar....and boy was I wrong! It turns out that the Hanzo films are extremely sexual in nature and they also promote the rape of "women who deserve it". You see Hanzo is a policeman from the Meiji period and he regularly takes evil women into custody and interrogates them by violently raping them with his "penis of steel". How he made his member so strong is something you have to see to believe but it certainly is NOT for the squeamish.<br /><br />Overall I just can't recommend anyone sees these violent and misogynistic films. However from looking at the other reviews I can see that they are still very popular...and that is pretty scary. Despite some decent acting and amazing fight scenes the films just are like brain pollution--and I'd hate to imagine how the films might have contributed to violence towards women.
critique7361 I have seen some bad movies (Austin Powers - The Spy Who Shagged Me Batman Forever) but this film is so awful so BORING that I got about half way through and could not bear watching the rest. A pity. Boasting talent such as Kenneth Branagh Embeth Davitz and Robert Duvall and a story by John Grisham what went wrong? Branagh is a big-time lawyer who has a one-night fling with Davitz. Her father (Duvall) is a psychopath who hanged her cat etc etc so Branagh has him sent to a nuthouse and he promptly escapes. Somehow (I couldn't figure out how) Robert Downey jr Daryl Hannah Famke Janssen and Tom Berenger are all mixed into the story which moves slower than stationary. I wanted to like this and being a huge Grisham fan have read all about this movie and I (foolishly) expected something interesting. This is honestly the WORST film I've seen to date and I wish I could have my money refunded. * out of *****.
critique7362 Dumb is as dumb does in this thoroughly uninteresting supposed black comedy. Essentially what starts out as Chris Klein trying to maintain a low profile eventually morphs into an uninspired version of "The Three Amigos" only without any laughs. In order for black comedy to work it must be outrageous which "Play Dead" is not. In order for black comedy to work it cannot be mean spirited which "Play Dead" is. What "Play Dead" really is is a town full of nut jobs. Fred Dunst does however do a pretty fair imitation of Billy Bob Thornton's character from "A Simple Plan" while Jake Busey does a pretty fair imitation of well Jake Busey. - MERK
critique7363 I think "Rosemary's Baby" is the most overrated horror film out there. Not scary interesting or much of anything. It's reasonably well-directed and Ruth Gordon was wonderful but that's about it. But this sequel makes it look like "Gone With the Wind"!<br /><br />I caught this on TV back when I was 14. Unfortunately I still remember it. From what I remember Rosemary's baby Andrew is now grown up and the coven wants him to start taking over (the world that is). But there are forces trying to stop it...and Andrew is having doubts himself...<br /><br />I'm giving this a 2 for a few reasons: Gordon is in this (and still very good); Stephen McHattie was actually pretty good as Andrew and there is one spooky moment at the beginning with Rosemary (Patty Duke) being "kidnapped" by a bus...with no driver.<br /><br />Other than that it's dull silly and needless. The original didn't NEED a sequel! Ira Levin's book followup in 1999 wasn't much better.<br /><br />Tune in for the beginning with Duke...then tune out. Not worth the effort.
critique7364 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique7365 My roommate got the No No Nanette soundtrack as a dub on a tape and she proceeded to listen to it non-stop. After it finally totally brainwashed me into submission I found the songs to be irresistible especially the famous I want to be happy but I can't be happy... But of coarse from the soundtrack I had no idea what the film was about. So the other day I saw a copy of it at the video store and I rented what was supposed to be a long lost version of the film. I was thinking that it was going to be amazing because the soundtrack is so cute. Unfortunately most of the songs that I loved were nowhere to be found in the video I saw. Now I've never seen the 1930 version of the musical but this version was sadly disappointing because there was very little singing and practically no dancing and beside that the sound was really bad through out and you couldn't really understand what people were saying a lot of the time. Really the only highlights of this film were the outrageous 1940's fashion. Nanette wears this crazy hat with two feathers that stick out like rabbit ears and Kansas Kitty has this bizarre feather muff that she keeps on her fore arm and then has herself wrapped in this net scarf. The one dance sequence is a little weird too with Nanette doing this weird ballet stuff with pin-up girl imagery superimposed on top of her. Actually one more bright spot of the film was the artist Guillespe who dreams of being a fine artist but it currently condemned to drawing pin-up girls for money. I like how Guillespe keeps it old school and disses Nanette when his masterpiece the piece that was to make his career is sold by Nanette for a paltry $5250. Doesn't she realize that that piece was his immortality? Silly rabbit/girl with your feather rabbit ears on your hat. When will you learn? Why doesn't he just pencil in a cigarette before the ad men take the Work away?
critique7366 Granted I'm not the connoisseur d'horror my partner is but a well put together clever flick is worth the time. My quibbles in brief:<br /><br />- Dialog often weak and at times unbelievable coming from the given character.<br /><br />- Unconvincing acting.<br /><br />- Storyline never really caught fire.<br /><br />The writers plucked choice bits from half a dozen mainstream films tossed into a kettle simmered not nearly enough and tried feeding us poor saps the resulting mess al'dente.<br /><br />Long and short while not absolutely terrible it was definitely not worthy of absorbing one of my NetFlix rentals.
critique7367 I must say this movie is a Mork and Mindy knock off when watching it i got the chills I even wet myself a little. When that Korean guy with the spiders in his neck started kicking people i was like oh my lord Asian people smell and suck cause they eat dogs all the time. Any way back on track Chuck had a somewhat terrible performance and lacked the intelligence of a regular non robotic human being. Some people would compare it to his earlier days when he was a car wash analyzer and believed in the holy ghost and the ghost of Christmas past. This movie is so bad I put my new born child in a box and left it in Mr. Norris mailbox. He can raise my kid I'm not letting him into a world where he thinks chuck Norris is a karate expert Ill let him see what that hack is like in real life for the rest of his life.
critique7368 Barry a medical transcriptionist has his mind corroding from his job coupled with memories of an abusive upbringing at the hands of his stepfather Barry (the original Leatherface Gunnar Hansen). He spirals into madness and eventually a serial killer. Good (in the form of a gay man) and evil (in the form of a bald mute guy) battle for control of his soul. This film is undone by some bad acting and unintentional humorous scenes. Not to say it's horrible or anything just that you cal tell that it's only as known as it is on account of Bruce Campbell's rabid fan base (of which I am one) who will likely see anything he's in or involved with in some way.<br /><br />My Grade: C- <br /><br />DVD Extras: Commentary with Michael Kallio and Bruce Campbell; Second commentary by Kallio and Sound designer Joel Newport; 'Hating every minute' a 17 minute documentary; deleted and extended scenes; alternate takes; outtakes footage of the world premiere; Poster & still gallery; Talent bios; and theatrical trailer <br /><br />DVD-Rom: Screenplay in .PDF format <br /><br />2 Easter Eggs: highlight the eyes for a laughing outtake (left eye) and one minute of nothing but an actual Easter egg (right eye)
critique7369 Although there's Flying Guillotines as part of the title of this movie it has no connections to the original Flying Guillotines (1975) and its sequel Flying Guillotines II (1978). The two originals are masterpieces of kung-fu movie and still stands out as a classic. This is a much inferior copy of the original and even as a regular kung-fu movie it's below average.<br /><br />First of all this movie doesn't have much acting. It's one senseless fight scene after another and flying guillotine doesn't even play a major part in them. Story is about some Shaolin monks who are tracking down some villains who've took off with a sacred book and an evil prince who owns part of this book is part of the plot. The same evil prince has plans to lure the monks in and use the flying guillotines on them.<br /><br />There are four movies with Flying Guillotine as part of its title. This in my opinion is of least quality. The design of the flying guillotine in this movie is different from the other three indicating that this movie was produced by a different entity from the other three.<br /><br />The movie has no chemistry asides from being unintentionally funny due to poor production. <br /><br />Best skip this and watch the two originals.
critique7370 I was watching this movie and getting increasingly bored with the silly plot that was going nowhere when suddenly the story takes a surreal turn for the worse and has an actor playing herself. Oh how I guffawed. Because it's sooooo funny isn't it? We know Julia Roberts is playing the character of Tess and here they are in the film cracking the joke that the character of Tess looks a bit like Julia Roberts. So Julia plays someone impersonating Julia. How well she does this we'll never know because 99.999% of the audience don't actually know Julia Roberts personally (and reading about her in Hello magazine doesn't count). <br /><br />And then Bruce Willis turns up! Apparently he's Julia Roberts' best friend. Well he is in the film... how would I know whether or not Bruce Willis and Julia Roberts even know each other? I'm not in the least bit interested in the personal lives of actors - I just pay my money and expect them to do the job they're paid to do. Anyway they start cracking jokes about the plot twist in the film where Willis (rather unconvincingly) plays a psychiatrist... the one with the little kid in it... you know the one? I don't I've forgotten what it's called. Willis even drops in a comment about how well that film did at the box office - how modest of you Mr Willis!<br /><br />The problem is that not only are these scenes pointless and horribly horribly self-indulgent it also remind us the viewers that we're simply watching a bunch of actors strutting around and getting paid vast sums of money for very little effort. You see when I see a movie I want to suspend disbelief and forget that I'm watching actors - I want to believe in the story I'm watching. When you start pulling the scenery down mid- movie you simply ruin the illusion for me.<br /><br />You know that a TV series has jumped the shark when it starts introducing celebrities playing themselves (stand up and be counted The Simpsons Friends etc.) but this is the first time I've seen a movie jump the shark. I usually stay away from movies like that (e.g. Scary Movie The Naked Gun etc.). The trouble is I honestly never thought the Ocean's 11 films would go in this direction. What a shame.<br /><br />So with suspension of disbelief thrown out the window and the plot now languishing in the movie then cracks the most wicked joke of all on the audience - the heist actually happened way back in the story and the final 90 minutes or so of the film was pointless posturing. Yes that's right: Steven Soderwhatsit and his actor friends all get up point at us the audience and say "Ha haaa... you've all been had... thanks for your money!". Then they give us the single fingered salute.<br /><br />Well right back at you. I didn't actually pay to see this movie... I downloaded the DVD for nothing. How d'ya like them apples? Now THAT'S a plot twist.
critique7371 What do you get when you have bad acting bad directing scenes that are excruciatingly long terrible lighting painful editing and awful effects? You get Jessica: A Ghost Story Seems its shot on betacam which is fine but the lighting has to compliment this medium. In this case it does not. There are a few CU's where the person's face is entirely in shadow. One scene in particular is the scene at the psychiatrists. It's a joke if you ask me. Some of the scenes were so long that they could have easily been cut in half... but I guess then they wouldn't have a film at feature length. The main character is incredibly flat. He's the LEAD male so he should have some "hero" elements to his character but he does not. He whines and is scared the entire film. I could go on but I don't want to waste my time. Although the lighting was terrible I must say that they did have nice camera movement. Too bad the lighting didn't compliment it. The cover of the DVD is nice and that's where it ends. Just terrible.
critique7372 well well One cant b wasting time just cause of a big star-cast ..i think all i could see is a bunch of talents wasting their time on a big screen with some pathetic humor which will appeal to i do not know who? some pathetic songs that will be heard by who? some pathetically abrupt turnings justified by who? race against time? u mean waste against time? OK so first you spoil your kidthen you teach him a lesson wow we are so ignorant of this fact whoever said its a brilliant new concept probably is some other species other than human alright fine let me come comment like humans do movie has a nice message to be given but it could well have been given by a stranger sitting besides you in the bus rather than you going for such a wasteful movie to learn it Hindi movies have proved it a lot already and also i cant waste my time writing about waste anyway!
critique7373 Truly bad and easily the worst episode I have ever seen....ever.<br /><br />They tried to make up for it by giving it the 'we know we are doing this' routine. That would have been funny if it weren't for the fact that 'The Simpsons' had already done it. And it still wouldn't make up for it if they had come up with the idea in the first place.<br /><br />The flashbacks took place as part of the usual character's (mainly J.D's) fantasies. The flashbacks weren't even of actual events that occurred just compilations of say J.D falling over or i don't know.... Elliott falling over. If I wanted to watch a Scrubs compilation i'd go on youtube and not waste half an hour of my life.<br /><br />Scrubs has ultimately fallen into the trap that most sit-coms have to and it disappoints me they managed to go 5 and a quarter seasons without an episode like this. <br /><br />I was hoping that scrubs wouldn't have to be that kind of sit-com.<br /><br />And just as a passing thought why the hell was Dr.Cox bald?
critique7374 It's the Sooooouullltakaaaa!<br /><br />Wow. What a skin peeling bad movie. Honestly this is one of my favorite episodes of MST3K.... Just some things to point out...<br /><br />1) The incestuous lesbian mother-daughter exchange was weird. I do need counseling now.<br /><br />2) There is no God there is just Dude.. I love that quote from Crow.<br /><br />3) Whatever did happen to the Nuns that took the bus home will we ever know? I have a horrible emptiness in my stomach.<br /><br />4) Lastly don't watch this movie un-MSTied... It has Joe Estevez as the main star.. Yikes..<br /><br />1/10 for un-MSTied 8/10 for MSTied.
critique7375 Stinger starts '3 Months Ago' on the submarine the SS Newark where genetic experiments have gone awry & the crew member are brutally slaughtered by large killer scorpions... Jump to 'Camp Pendleton' a couple of months later where General Ashford (James Cagnard) brief's Lieutenant Williams (John Miranda) on his mission to board the Newark & assist genetic scientist Dr. Carly Ryan (Michelle Meadows) before anyone knows it a group of corporate scientists & marines are on-board the Newark & are shocked to discover he mutilated corpses of the crew apart from Dr. Mike Thompson (Casey Clark) who doesn't make much sense. It's not long before the scorpions attack first to fall is Lt. Williams so Sergeant Sam Harmon (Christopher Persson) is promoted & takes the responsibility to get everyone to safety & end the menace of the giant scorpions forever...<br /><br />This Sweedish America co-production was directed by Martin Munthe & he also handled the cinematography & I thought this was a strictly by-the-numbers uninspiring creature feature. It's early into the new year & Stinger is the first giant genetically mutated monster/creature/insect type film I've seen in 2007 hopefully things can only get better... The script by Mat Nastos is incredibly clichÃƒÂ©d & gets all of it's ideas from other films most notably Aliens (1986) lets see there's the isolated location in this case being a submarine there's the hastily assembled team of marines including one who chews on a cigar throughout the entire film there's the scientists including a blonde Sweedish one to try & explain it all & the evil money grabbing corporate villain who puts the mighty dollar above human life & the final ingredient being the monster/alien/insect or whatever in this case there's loads of large scorpions running around but they're not utilised in any sort of unique or imaginative way so they might as well have been killer grasshoppers. Yeah it's all here unfortunately Stinger isn't an Aliens if you get what I mean. It's a touch long at over 100 minutes & it's throughly predictable although it moves along at a reasonable pace & as a dumb creature feature you could do worse despite what many say on the IMDb...<br /><br />Director Munthe doesn't distinguish himself it's not scary there's a lack of atmosphere & the action scenes are dull & unexciting. There's not many scorpion attacks & it's almost an hour before any significant action occurs the special effects are at the bottom end of the scale but I have seen worse that's for sure. I mean that's not to say the effects in Stinger are good but I've seen worse. There isn't much blood or gore there's some mutilated bodies some decapitated heads & someone is ripped in half. The only clever & amusing moment in the entire film is when the naked Sweedish female scientist ask's her lover to turn her on by talking about all the money their going to make from the scorpions... However there was a moment which had me groaning & tearing my hair out in it's stupidity as a bloke tries to repair the submarine's circuitry & get the lights working by hitting the power supply/computer boards with a hammer & it works as well...<br /><br />Technically Stinger is average at best & there's the usual endless amount of dark corridors which gets monotonous. Stinger was shot in Stockholm in Sweeden if your interested. The acting was poor & there's nothing else to say.<br /><br />Stinger isn't a great film & it isn't a great horror film either I can't recommend it at all but I've seen worse. If you liked Stinger (unlikely) you might like the similarly themed 'giant scorpions on the loose' films Tail Sting (2001) or Scorpius Gigantus (2006) (just as unlikely).
critique7376 There are movies like "Plan 9" that are so bad they have a charm about them there are some like "Waterworld" that have the same inexplicable draw as a car accident and there are some like "Desperate living" that you hate to admit you love. Cowgirls have none of these redemptions. The cast assembled has enough talent to make almost any plot watchable and from what I've been told the book is enjoyable.<br /><br />How then could this movie be so intolerably bad? To begin with it seems the director brought together a cast of names with no other tie than what will bring in the 20 somethings. Then tell them to do their best Kevin Costner imitations. Open the book at random and start shooting whatever is on the page making sure to keep the wide expanses of America from being interesting in any way. Finally give the editing job to your brother-in-law because the meat packing plant just laid him off. He does have twenty years of cutting experience.<br /><br />This movie now defines the basement for me. It is so bad it isn't even good for being bad.
critique7377 Demons III: The Ogre is not related pre-sequel are on "The Demons" and "The Demons 2 are cool hip horror 1980 classic."Demons III: The Ogre" is very stupid bored cheap monster. I am very confuse about the writer is "Demons III: The Ogre" (Lamberto Bava and Dardano Sacchetti are poor quality writer and stupid who the bored William Shakespeare ghost or demon's egg from Spider's web or what Huhuhuhuhu make the girl dream). I am very sorry very very very very boring movie. I Bought The special DVD box called "Demons" on the 3 different movies called "Demons III: The Ogre" "The Other Hell" and "Black Demons" don't have closed captioned and Subtitles is cost $ 14.99 from Best Buy store in the City of Downey. Why the Lamberto Bava and Dardano Sacchetti are poor quality writer who make the stupid movie almost like "Halloween III" don't have Michael Myer monster but the people wear Halloween. I am very confused. I really love "The Demons" and "The Demons 2 are better the boring stupid "Demons III: The Ogre" is not part for "The Demons" and "The Demons 2" are same demons.<br /><br />Thank you Juan Antonio De La Torre
critique7378 Drew Barrymore plays young Holly Gooding who moves in with aspiring hack screenwriter Patrick Highsmith (George Newbern) and completely disrupts his life by claiming that her "doppelganger" or evil twin is out to kill her and her family.<br /><br />This silly horror film is kind of hard to take seriously even if the film-makers and actors themselves seem to be dead serious. "Doppelganger" is muddled with some unpleasantly dumb dialog.<br /><br />Some viewers will note that Drew's character's name is drawn from Audrey Hepburn's role in "Breakfast at Tiffany's" and that Newbern's character's name is a play on the name of famed author Patricia Highsmith (he is actually trying to re-write "Breakfast" as a horror film believe it or not!).<br /><br />I suppose that it deserves some credit for not being quite your typical horror film - I mean writer/director Avi Nesher seems to genuinely care for his characters and gives his film more plot than standard slasher fare.<br /><br />After a silly villain-explains-everything-to-the-audience confrontation the film goes on to submit a hideous out-there climax that has to be seen to be believed. This film certainly does not skimp on the gore.<br /><br />But hey! Drew kills her mother in this one. No I'm not joking. Jaid Barrymore shows up near the beginning only to get violently slaughtered.<br /><br />Drew is always very watchable and very sexy in this one. Newbern comes off as a likable-enough "nice" sort of guy. But the highpoint of the film has to be the scene with Sally Kellerman an attractive veteran who's very professional in her one scene as a former nun who's started a phone sex business(!!!!!!).<br /><br />The film is basically junk but fairly amusing on a sleazy sordid little level.<br /><br />4/10
critique7379 I really can't believe this movie is not in the IMDB worst 250 it is absolutely terrible. When I originally saw it I remember talking about it in a college class and two other people had also seen it. We were all telling other class members not to see it because it was so horrible. By the time we were done some others wanted to see it just because they could not believe anything was as bad as we were saying it was. Don't be like them just pass this by. I'm sure everyone involved with this movie would also prefer you never see them in this movie.
critique7380 Some guy named Karl Rhamarevich learns how to live on even after death through telekinesis. He's interred in a mausoleum. That same night Julie (Meg Tilly) has to spend the night there to get into a group called "The Sisters". And Karl's "power" is in full bloom.<br /><br />Silly movie. I saw it in a theatre when I was 21 and was generally bored. The PG rating should have tipped me off--this is a horror movie for kids. One REAL stupid scene at the end has a corpse breaking THROUGH concrete to hit a young guy! For starters corpses are put in HEAD first making it impossible for the corpse to use his arms and there's no way anybody is going to break through concrete. When you're noticing silly mistakes like that the movie is not doing its job.<br /><br />It has two good scenes--two of "The Sisters" are "attacked" by floating corpses crowding them in. At one point one of the sisters punches a corpse in the stomach--her hand goes IN the body and she can't pull it out! That scene has stayed with me every since. And there's a cute little bit involving a corpse and a toothbrush at the end (which had my audience laughing). But the rest of the movie is a dim dull memory. For kids only--adults will be bored. I give it a 3.
critique7381 Cecil B. deMille's 1922 parlor-to-prison tearjerker Manslaughter finds the lovely Leatrice Joy as a good-at-heart but decadent young lady with more money than she knows what to do with. Her recklessness leads to imprisonment which in turn leads to her regeneration. Thomas Meighan is the crusading district attorney who has made it his personal crusade to bring out the goodness and wholesomeness in Lydia (Joy) but he gets sidetracked by alcohol and once she is released it is up to her to rescue him!<br /><br />If the plot doesn't sound too bad you'll be floored by the woeful presentation. The quality of deMille's direction is very low and he does not show any particular skill that is unique to him. The photography is standard and flat and the editing is hardly more dynamic. One could easily classify it as a fashion show and be pretty correct. DeMille gets to dress Miss Joy up in so many different types of clothes (evening gowns golfing costumes motoring costumes piles of furs) that it's subtitle could be 'Fashions of 1922'<br /><br />One thing more disappointing than the photography or editing or the direction is the acting which is mostly flat and wooden. When it is not it is merely routine silent gesturing rolling eye balls twitching eye brows and deliberate pointing and arm movements. What would have been enlivened for modern viewers by mugging and scene chewing of some of the worst silent films is here merely dull to watch. The only member of the cast who succeeds in any form of excellence is Lois Wilson who is not only beautiful but is able to play her role naturally. She is convincing and endearing in tearful close-ups as long as you don't read the moralizing title card that follows once she opens her mouth to speak. Like I said everybody else is droningly routine Joy Meighan even Julia Faye. Her performance here makes a good argument for why she never attained true stardom.<br /><br />The worst and most amusing part of this movie is the heavy moralistic tone that carries through all of it. Meighan's character has plenty of intertitles where he drones on about how the youth of America is declining in it's moral stance and going right back to the decadence of Rome. (insert absurd flashback) This movie's moralizing has been described as Victorian but it's further than that. It has so little bearing in reality that I have a feeling audiences at that time didn't take it any more seriously than modern viewers could.<br /><br />This movie is exactly what the unknowing tend to think of as a 'typical' silent movie with it's archaic moral structure wooden acting and bad direction. DeMille shows that he could be a terrible director with no sense of pacing camera placement or skill in handling either script or actors. I can't imagine anybody in their right mind taking it seriously. Boring slow and idiotic I recommend it to hardcore silent movie dorks like myself only.
critique7382 What a waste of time to watch this movie. Poor picture quality poor sound poor acting and definitely not based on actual facts. The deputy's "girlfriend" did so much overacting as did the sheriff that it was more comedy than horror. The deputy tries to make an emergency phone call by dialing 911...PROBLEM...in 1957 that emergency number was not in existence. That is just one example of glaring inconsistencies.<br /><br />The "scary" aspect was way underdone. Just did not come across as horrific.<br /><br />I did think that the actor playing Gein did the most admirable acting job in the whole movie. I could well see mental disturbances in his character portrayal.<br /><br />Sorry...this one just does NOT get it!!
critique7383 One: your screen will be filled with beautiful effects and colours. These do nothing for the story but they will keep your lazy eyes occupied for some 50 minutes. A good example is the eternal use of a computer screen that shows each fingerprint from the database as that print is compared with the one they want to find out about. Yeah right.<br /><br />Two: these guys being like real professional Pros they will engage each other in intriguing Pro talk: "Look Grissom these are what we call fingerprints. Everybody has them and they are different on each person. So with these fingerprints we can actually find...".<br /><br />Yup! Exactly like real pros would talk to each other if there wasn't a completely uninformed and stupid audience around.<br /><br />However not everything about this show is bad. Some stories work to some degree and the colours _are_ really beautiful. They use red blue green yellow... all of them colours I've loved since kindergarten.
critique7384 Well not yet at least.<br /><br />It's not listed in the worst 100...<br /><br />So let's all team up and put it in it's rightful place.<br /><br />This is truly a bad movie. (And I liked Ishtar!) ;)
critique7385 There's a certain irony in a parody of the Gothic genre being turned into a mess of clichÃƒÂ©s by filmmakers who either had no idea what the story's purpose was or just didn't care. All of the hallmarks of your average family film are present- rambunctious younger siblings a grumpy teenager who doesn't want to move unsympathetic parents who are unable to see the apparition and of course a romantic subplot. The movie has very little in common with Wilde's original story which was largely written to poke fun at the melodramatic Gothic novellas that were all the rage at the time. If Wilde saw this version he'd probably laugh- and then of course write a parody. One can only hope that the children who watched this bland mass-produced pap eventually discovered the wit and sparkle of the original version.
critique7386 Not very impressed. Its difficult to offer any spoilers to this film because there is almost no development in the plot. Everything becomes clear in the first ten minutes and from there on its like watching paint dry. The acting seems very poor as well and reminds me of the old black and white Maoist era films shown occasionally on daytime Chinese television. Although this is difficult to tell with the female role Yuwen as the story seems to only require her walking round like a wooden mannequin. It reminds me of fading star Gong Li who somehow got a reputation as a good actress in the West for having a scowl on her face all the time. <br /><br />Tian Zhuangzhuang's film the 'Blue Kite' was a far better film. But don't be fooled by the fact that Springtime in a Small Town was set in the late '40s. Unlike the Blue Kite the fact that this film is set in a time of upheaval is irrelevant to the plot itself the ruins of the town seem to be nothing more than a scenic backdrop.<br /><br />I wonder whether Tian Zhuangzhuang is simply trying to ride on the popularity of Chinese films in the West and appeal to a foreign audience who can't tell the difference between a film that is 'beautiful' 'profound' or 'hypnotic' and one that is simply tedious and insubstantial.<br /><br />If any film fits the description of 'overrated' this is it. I see no reason here to stop worrying about the state of the Chinese film industry.
critique7387 As long as you keep in mind that the production of this movie was a copyright ploy and not intended as a serious release it is actually surprising how not absolutely horrible it is. I even liked the theme music.<br /><br />And if ever a flick cried out for a treatment by Joel (or Mike) and the MST3K Bots this is it! Watch this with a bunch of smart-ass wise-crackers and you're in for a good time. Have a brew butter up some large pretzels and enjoy.<br /><br />Of course obtaining a copy requires buying a bootleg or downloading it as shareware but if you're here on the IMDb then you're most likely savvy enough to do so. Good luck.<br /><br />And look for my favorite part....where Dr. Doom informs the FF that they have 12 hours to comply with his wishes....and he actually gestures the number "12" with his finger while doing so....it's like "Evil Sesame Street"....hoo boy.<br /><br />...and of course Mrs. Storm declaring "Just look at you....the Fanstastic Four" is just so heartwarming....you'll laugh you'll cry.....<br /><br />So if you love schlocky Sci-Fi this one's Fantastic For you!
critique7388 If you have seen this movie then you will know that it is one of the worst Bollywood movies ever made. Bollywood is known to copy Hollywood movies. Who would of known that they will copy Terminator 2. The difference between both Film industries are Hollywood spends millions and Bollywood spends 100 thousands (Average). Thats the problem with this film if you want to make a T2 style movie then do it properly. The director added a bogus fantasy storyline about a reincarnated snake who finds his long lost girl (in the previous birth) dead by 2 guys but the blame goes to 10 people. She suddenly reincarnates into a ghost and together they want to kill the 10 people they blame for her death. Not to mention the Reincarnated snake guy or villain has some kind of super powers. He can transform into anything he can fly disappear fire power wind power you name it he has it. He even gets bazookered and survives the T1000 style. You are probably wondering how he survives. its best not to ask and its best not to waste time and money on this movie. Its Best just to forget this film even came out. I think its a shame to use a big starcast for this outrageous movie with a nonsense storyline.
critique7389 SPOILERS THROUGHOUT: <br /><br />The Gettaway is mostly an action movie. And what action there is to!! Shootouts chases dumpsters and much much more. It stars Kim Bassenger and Alec Baldwin as the Mc Coy's.<br /><br />This is a remake and I have not seen the original but really didn't care for this one at all although Bassenger and Baldwin have some nice screen chemistry. But the movie itself didn't do it for me.<br /><br />The Gettaway became really tiresome really quickly. The plot is overshadowed by one fight/chase after another and as the violence keeps piling up Bassenger and Baldwin retain their great looks no matter what perils they maybe in. In fact by the end of the movie they almost look BETTER then in the beginning. I don't think Bassenger's eye makeup moves once during the whole picture.<br /><br />This isn't the worst movie I've ever seen certainly not but it isn't very good and unless one is an action movie purist I can't see really enjoying this movie because there's just not a lot here. The Gettaway isn't terribly original either and goes every way from unnecessarily brutal to rather dull. It really could have been better I think.<br /><br />Bassenger and Baldwin give OK performances but they don't have a lot to do except get chased and run for their lives. Sometimes less is more after seeing the same thing over and over again it gets stale. Didn't enjoy this one to much.
critique7390 Of the many problems with this film the worst is continuity; and re-editing it on VHS for a college cable channel many years ago I tried to figure out what exactly went wrong. What seems to have happened is that they actually constructed a much longer film and then chopped it down for standard theatrical viewing. How much longer? to fill in all the holes in the plot as we have it would require about three more hours of narrative and character development - especially given the fact that the film we do have is just so slow and takes itself just so seriously.<br /><br />That's staggering; what could the Halperins have possibly been trying to accomplish here? Their previous film "White Zombie" was a successful low budget attempt to duplicate the early Universal Studios monster films (The Mummy Dracula etc.) and as such stuck pretty close to the zombie mythology that those in North America would know from popular magazines.<br /><br />Revolt of the Zombies to the contrary appears to have been intended as some allegory for the politics of modern war. This would not only explain the opening and the change of Dean Jagger's character into a megalomaniac but it also explains why the zombies don't actually do much in the film besides stand around look frightening and wait for orders - they're just allegorical soldiers not the undead cannibals we've all come to love and loathe in zombie films.<br /><br />I am the equal to any in my dislike for modern war and its politics - but I think a film ought to be entertaining first and only later maybe educational. And definitely - a film about zombies ought to be about zombies.<br /><br />Truly one of the most bizarre films in Hollywood history but not one I can recommend even for historic value.
critique7391 Im hoping this was made before Half Past Dead and Exit Wounds because it was rubbish Seagal wasnt to blame it was down to the crap directing when the few action scenes took place. The plot was also confusing and basically just felt rushed out maybe it was shelved and released to capitalise on Seagals newer films??<br /><br />3/10<br /><br />He's not through yet bring on Under Siege 3 and loose some weight!
critique7392 Few movies have dashed expectations and upset me as much as Fire has. The movie is pretentious garbage. It does not achieve anything at an artistic level. The only thing it managed to receive is a ban in India. If only it was because of the poor quality of film making rather than the topical controversy the ban would have been more justifiable.<br /><br />Now that I've got my distress out of my system I am more able to analyse the movie: <br /><br />* From the onset the movie feels unreal especially when the protagonists start conversing in English. The director of course did not make the movie for an Indian audience; however it underestimated its international audiences by over simplifying it. Watching the character of the domestic help conversing in perfect English is too unreal to be true.<br /><br />* Next we get regular glimpses into Radha's dreams. These scenes are not very effective. They coming up as jarring and obstruct the flow of the movie. I'm still wondering how that philosophical dialogue connected to the story. I felt that the surrealism was lost.<br /><br />* The love scenes felt voyeuristic and are probably meant for audience titillation rather than being a powerful statement. In any case they do not achieve either of the two.<br /><br />* The names chosen for the women Radha and Sita are names of Hindu deities and hence been selected to shock the audiences. However since the film wasn't meant for Indian audiences in the first place the shock-through-name-selection is not meant to achieve its goal which is absurd.<br /><br />* The quality of direction is very poor and some key and delicate scenes have been poorly handled. A better director could have made a powerful emotional drama out of the subject.<br /><br />* The acting felt wooden although Nandita Das brought some life into the role the others were wasted. I always thought that Shabana Azmi was a good actress but her talent is not evident in this film. The male leads were outright rubbish.<br /><br />In case you are a fan of Earth and wish to see more of the director stay away from this one. Please.
critique7393 I saw this piece of garbage on AMC last night and wonder how it could be considered in any way an American Movie Classic. It was awful in every way. How badly did Jack Lemmon James Stewart and the rest of the cast need cash that they would even consider doing this movie?
critique7394 Maybe in its day this movie was special. But five decades later it seems quaint just another cinematic relic of the dreadful 1950s. Stereotypes abound in this fluffy story about three female gold diggers who set up shop in a Manhattan penthouse in an effort to attract wealthy husbands.<br /><br />I don't mind the shallow theme. But the film's premise is lame. And the execution is worse. It's a romantic comedy but I found little to laugh at. The plot point about an extremely nearsighted bimbo is about the only clever element of the story. Overall dialogue is flat and so too is the delivery. And the script structure is disconcerting. The plot keeps jumping back and forth among the three ladies. It's as if the writer couldn't quite blend the ensemble roles. The result is a plot that seems choppy.<br /><br />Marilyn Monroe was a good choice for her role. But Lauren Bacall was too old for the role she played. And Betty Grable with her squeaky voice and awful hairdo was just plain annoying.<br /><br />Color cinematography is conventional. But there were lots of shots using rear screen projection contributing to a dated look. The visuals are made even worse by costumes that reek of cheesy 1950's "glamour"; they are just awful. Viewers must endure a fashion show a plot point that amplifies how the film's director was smitten by those trashy glad rags.<br /><br />And then there is that orchestra. In what is arguably the worst film opening in cinema history the first part of the film has an orchestra playing some dreary-sounding tune. At first I thought I was watching the introduction to coming attractions. But no it's actually part of the film. And the orchestra plays on and on and on. It has nothing absolutely nothing whatever to do with the story. What were they thinking?<br /><br />I enjoyed Marilyn Monroe with her breathy voice as she bimbos her way through the plot. But the film would have been far better if they had dumped the other two ensemble roles dumped that orchestra enhanced the comedy dialogue and downplayed those gaudy cheesy costumes.
critique7395 There may something poetically right in seeing dentists suffer. Suffer they do in this dreary truly dreadful film but they cause the audience to undergo pain of the non-dental variety too. If you ever wanted to see a movie full of screaming kids barfing kids sick kids lots of long long meaningful glances a deadpan wife and a concerned husband: it's all here for you. Boring overlong it stands out as one of those examples that scream out: why? Is there a saving grace? Yes there is. There is a short scene from Nabucco with some pretty good singing. Save your money or if it's on TV or cable save your time. You can always read a book or make an omelette.
critique7396 Apparently this was an award winner. Apparently someone had a gun against his/her head and was force to nominate Maize: the Movie.<br /><br />Or this must have been a mistake.<br /><br />This is the most unwatchable movie ever made. The screening and the editing is the biggest horror of this movie. Two little girls get lost in a cornfield and get stalked by someone who can be heard laughing under his rubber mask. The little girls run into their hero dad and then runs away from him W.T.F.? The hero dad in the movie keeps losing track of them in the few minutes of watching this.<br /><br />The girls obviously weren't trained actors and had no common sense to them. They were so annoying and so infantile in the movie it not even remotely comedic. Hearing them scream over and over again like a broken record was the reason why I got up and left. You can't even listen to this movie without nearly going into convulsions.<br /><br />I can puke a better award winner than this garbage.
critique7397 A Mexican outlaw (Tomas Milian) steals gold from a stagecoach along with some other Mexicans and Americans. The Americans double-cross the Mexicans and leave them all for dead. The one outlaw survives and looks for revenge in this film that has jack-all to do with the original Django (the distributors only named it "Django Kill..." to squeeze a few more bucks out of more gullible people. What we have here is a slightly below standard western that's too surreal to be that enjoyable. and as such I can't really recommend it to all but the most hardcore Spahetti Western fan.<br /><br />My Grade: D+ <br /><br />Blue Underground DVD Extras: Part of BU's Spaghetti Western Collection. Uncut; "Django Tell" (20 minute documentary); Poster & Stills gallery; Talent Bios for Guilo Questi & Tomas Milian; Theatrical Trailer <br /><br />3 Easter Eggs: Highlight the hidden gun on the extras page for Trailers for "Django" "Run Man Run" and "A Man Called Blade"; Highlight the hand on the main menu to get interviews on the formation of a rock group; and a hidden gun in the Language/Subtitles menu leads to the story of how Tomas Milian almost got killed for being anti-communist
critique7398 If a movie can't hold your interest in the first 25 minutes it's over as far as I'm concerned. This concept that you have to simply deal with a slow first third of a movie and be rewarded later is nonsense. A good movie has to start and end strong. It all seem interesting and some decent shots and lots of promise but ultimately muddled and irrelevant. There are so many other movies from Asia to watch many of which I am sure most of you have not seen that I would really skip this one and look elsewhere. Why exactly does IMDb require a 10 line minimum for reviews? I said my piece and I hope this helps a few of you move on to the next film.
critique7399 FAIL. I'd love to give this crap a 0. Yes I registered just to rate this garbage. I want to go back in time and cut my wrist. Heres some copy and paste to take up 10 lines. FAIL. I'd love to give this crap a 0. Yes I registered just to rate this garbage. I want to go back in time and cut my wrist. Heres some copy and paste to take up 10 lines. FAIL. I'd love to give this crap a 0. Yes I registered just to rate this garbage. I want to go back in time and cut my wrist. Heres some copy and paste to take up 10 lines. FAIL. I'd love to give this crap a 0. Yes I registered just to rate this garbage. I want to go back in time and cut my wrist. Heres some copy and paste to take up 10 lines. FAIL. I'd love to give this crap a 0. Yes I registered just to rate this garbage. I want to go back in time and cut my wrist. Heres some copy and paste to take up 10 lines.
critique7400 This is supposed to be Charlie's masterpiece but I will contend that it is actually one of his weaker films. First of all it's not funny. Not one thing in this movie made me laugh. Okay there's a quick jump into a box that was a giggle but that was one of desperation. The Tramp's first - and only - talkie where he speaks (he sings in an earlier film) but his flat dialogue shows us exactly why he was such a joy to watch in "Modern Times" and "Gold Rush" - two films that are at least ten times better than this film. There's literally only one good scene in this film the one where Hitler plays with the globe like a beach ball. That's it.<br /><br />Okay so it gets a lot of praise for being the first film to wage war even long before we entered the war. Nope. Not true. Simply not true so that praise can be turned down a bit. The Three Stooges did it on January 19 1940 with "You Natzy Spy" - ten months earlier than the October release of Chaplin's film - and that movie was actually funny! If you want to watch Chaplin's greatest film watch this only for reference. And then pop in "Modern Times" "Gold Rush" "City Lights" "Limelight" "The Kid" or even "Tillie's Punctured Romance".
critique7401 Well after seeing "Beginning" I thought why the hell they burned Schraders Version and did that poor one. But now after seeing "Dominion" I deeply understand this decision. Even they got it not much better.<br /><br />Sorry but this movie is really crap. Some good moments but a really boring story-telling and some major plot-holes are killing this movie.<br /><br />I thing the Exorcist-story has a lot and in a prequel on this you can built on a lot and give references the audience will like to see. But there is so much little of it in the movie. The effects are really bad - not even TV-standard.
critique7402 I watched this because of the description and cover art and yet again was deceived.I am getting sick of all these new stupid straight to DVD horror movies.Once in a blue moon 1 will be OK. It started out with a confusing scene and then jumped 30 years and showed a couple one night during a thunderstorm which was OK because I like storms and it set a nice mood.Then it turned into a cool road trip where they ended up at a diner encountering bizarre people.The rest got weird and then got confusing.I did watch it til the end but was even more confused when it ended so badly.I had higher hopes for this movie but it was more like a science fiction then horror and something that should have been made for TV.
critique7403 'Bloody Birthday' is an odd and at times humorous low-budget horror flick along the lines of 'Mikey' or a less intelligent version of 'The Good Son'.<br /><br />Set in a small Californian town three babies are born at the height of an eclipse where planetary alignment means they are somehow born without emotions. Ten years later our three little psychopaths take themselves on a killing spree doing away with parents siblings teachers and anyone else who irritates them. Only one teenage girl knows the truth to be able to stop them. There is no explanation for why babies across the world born at the same time aren't equally as twisted but there you go!<br /><br />For a slasher film it's very tame in terms of violence and gore which I suppose highlights the problem of casting child characters as the killers as there is only so much you can expose the young actors to. Instead it's amusing and a little disturbing seeing three ten-year-olds plotting murders and carrying out their plans using guns knives and crossbows. The main reason why it doesn't descend into being totally ridiculous is because the child actors are very convincing in their roles with the way they slyly play the little innocents in front of undiscerning adults while showing their dark side to the girl who knows the truth.<br /><br />'Bloody Birthday' is rather mediocre as a horror flick with few scares and little blood but because it has the shock factor of having kids as the killers it is a bit unique in that way. One to watch if there's nothing else on.
critique7404 Under no circumstances watch this film. It is terrible for a number of reasons:<br /><br />No plot No structure No direction No acting to speak of No visual style No tension<br /><br />In a word - no.<br /><br />Best thing about it the box and the fact it eventually ends. Who would have thought 85mins could feel so long.<br /><br />Once again: Under no circumstances watch this film. It is terrible.<br /><br />No plot No structure No direction No acting to speak of No visual style No tension<br /><br />In a word - no.<br /><br />Best thing about it the box and the fact it eventually ends. Who would have thought 85mins could feel so long.
critique7405 I truly hate and despise this film and the filmmakers behind it.<br /><br />Sure I'm all for making a hard hitting and honest film about youth and youth culture.1987's "River's Edge" is an excellent example of a well-made teen drama. However what I take exception to is the infantile grubby and sensationalist approach that the makers of "2:37" took.<br /><br />A prime example is how it raises so many issues and yet fails in any significant way to comment or reach a resolution on even one of them.<br /><br />My other major problem with this film apart from its complete plagiarism of Gus Van Sant's "Elephant" (surprised Van Sant didn't sue) is its 'bull loose in a china shop' attitude to quite delicate issues such as incest and particularly suicide.<br /><br />In short avoid this film like the plague and anything that this filmmaker ever is involved with subsequently. I've heard that his motivation for making "2:37" may or may not be based on lies. Having seen the substandard result this doesn't surprise me in the slightest. This is a glorified student film exercise that has no place whatsoever being in a cinema or on DVD. Pure and simple.
critique7406 I first read about the Left Behind series a few months ago and made a mental note to check it out since I have an interest in the way religion is used to control people in our ever more hate filled world so imagine my surprise and joy when I found a copy of Left Behind : World at War in my local library nestling innocently among the big budget action movies.<br /><br />Now as a movie it's extremely poor. The acting is straight out of an elementary school production and the "special effects" would have looked dated in the early 90's. Being the third part of a series the story would be unintelligible to anyone who hadn't seen or read about the other Left Behind movies and even with my prior knowledge it was still pretty laughable.<br /><br />On the religious front I don't think anyone who wasn't already filled with the spirit of the lord would find anything in the movie to convince them to change their ways. How are you supposed to fear the Antichrist when he's got a comedy Russian accent and the worst of his powers are some pitiful CGI?<br /><br />However my main problem with this movie is the blatant attempt to try and dupe people into believing that it's a big budget action movie. Upon picking up the box and reading the spiel I immediately noticed something odd...nowhere on the packaging was there a mention of the true nature of this film. To someone not in the know it would appear for all intents and purposed that Left Behind : World at War was no different from the latest Tom Clancey. Nor on the copy that I rented did it say anything about it being the third in a series.<br /><br />Considering the whole premise of the series is that the Antichrist has deceived the whole world I find it extremely hypocritical that the film makers tried to deceive me TWICE before I even got the to counter! If you're so firm in your beliefs then why not be honest about it?<br /><br />The simple fact is had this not been a "Christian" movie with the built in fan base that goes with it I seriously doubt it would ever have seen the light of day. If Cloud Ten were hoping that I'd see the error of my ways and give myself to God I'm afraid to say I would have died of boredom and/or laughed myself to death before I ever had the chance.
critique7407 Even before this film it is clear to see that Ali G has become the exact character he set out to parody. I am not a fan of Sacha Baron Cohen's character anyway but was curious to see how a man of so little talent was able to convince universal studios to fund a near 1 and a half hour feature film out of a 3 minute joke. <br /><br />A paper-thin plot is just a torrent of penis and marijuana jokes and I must admit I did cringe when I saw such respected thespians as Charles Dance and Michael Gambon stoop so low for employment. Saying that I must admit (even if I am quite ashamed to) that I did raise a titter on more than one occasion and however bad this film was it was never boring and never once did I consider switching it off (mainly due to the gorgeous Rhona Mitra). Saying that only watch this film if you are a teenage lad aged between 14 to 17 and you find dick jokes hilarious.
critique7408 Burt Reynolds came to a point in his career where he appeared to just be going thru the motions. He'd show up party with his friends on film and take home a big paycheck. It didn't seem to matter to him that the product he was representing was pure crap.<br /><br />No film epitomized this more than "Stroker Ace" which makes "Cannonball Run" look like a classic and "Cannonball Run II" look watchable. Save for a few race scenes there is absolutely NOTHING worth seeing here. Even the beautiful Loni Anderson hams it up so bad as a dumb blonde it's embarrassing.<br /><br />If the thought of Burt hamming it up with Jim Nabors and dressing like a chicken sounds funny then this is your movie. Otherwise pick almost any other film comedy and it won't be any worse.
critique7409 The film begins with promise but lingers too long in a sepia world of distance and alienation. We are left hanging but with nothing much else save languid shots of grave and pensive male faces to savour. Certainly no rope up the wall to help us climb over. It's a shame because the concept is not without merit.<br /><br />We are left wondering why a loving couple - a father and son no less - should be so estranged from the real world that their own world is preferable when claustrophobic beyond all imagining. This loss of presence in the real world is rather too obviously and unnecessarily contrasted with the son having enlisted in the armed forces. Why not the circus so we can at least appreciate some colour? We are left with a gnawing sense of loss but sadly no enlightenment which is bewildering given the film is apparently about some form of attainment not available to us all.
critique7410 The point of Wolfe's original novel -- indeed the point of the whole story -- is that things take place because of a carefully calculated sense of expediency. The goal is survival within a particular kind of life style. The novel is full of malice. The only relationship that rings emotionally true is that between Sherman and his daughter Campbell and that's only touched upon. That aside everyone is out for what he can get in the way of publicity power money or self aggrandizement.<br /><br />Wolfe was criticized for hitting every character and every social segment of New York City over the head. His response was a denial. After all he lived in New York himself and belonged to a neighborhood improvement committee and other admirable organizations exactly the qualifications one would want on his resume in order to deny that he disliked New Yorkers. (Wolfe has a PhD in American Studies from Yale and is no dummy.) Those supposed weaknesses are what made the novel memorable. Nobody was any good. And Sherman McCoy wound up broke a professional protester for social justice. The movie throws all of that away and imposes a moral frame on the story that simply doesn't fit. Wolfe did his homework. The novel was rooted in reality. Every event was not only possible but thoroughly believable. Wolfe might have made a great cultural anthropologist -- he knows how to get inside a system and record its details.<br /><br />Yes any of us might have found ourselves as Sherman and his mistress do stuck in the South Bronx threatened by a couple of black kids and making a getaway after bumping into one of them. That scene is transferred neatly from print to celluloid. <br /><br />But after that scene the movie seems not to trust its audience and at times become frantic in its attempt to spell out its message however nebulous the message is. <br /><br />Sherman might accidentally hit some kid and be arrested for it as he is in the novel but he would not immediately upon his release from jail go back to his phenomenally expensive condo take out a shotgun and start shooting into the ceiling with it as he does in the movee. In what's supposed to be a funny scene ceiling plaster falls all over the party guests and they scurry away shrieking. It simply would not have happened. The movie has left the novel's unspeakably detailed reality in the dust. Wolfe's sensibility the work he put into capturing the real has been lost. What we get instead is a noisy fantastic and silly scene that doesn't do anything except wake the audience up. Similar empty scenes follow screaming out for Wolfe's verisimilitude.<br /><br />The movie also fails because it thrusts a lot of sin and redemption into an entertaining story of moral nihilism. Here we see "Don Juan in Hell" at the opera. We get lectures on redemption from a poet with AIDs. We see a lot of guilt in Sherman. A black judge who preaches from the bench and gives one of those final speeches about how we all have to start behaving nicely again. A reporter who feels sorry for Sherman after turning him into a sacrificial lamb. And a happy ending in which Sherman gets off by breaking the law with an idiotic grin. The scene sits on the movie like a jester's cap on a circus elephant's head. <br /><br />The movie not only makes points that are already trite and unoriginal it overstates them as if the audience were incapable of absorbing any subtleties.<br /><br />It's not the acting or the direction that's poor. The film's not bad in those respects. And the photography is pretty good too including two rather spectacular shots -- the gargoyles of the Chrysler building and the landing of the Concorde. It's the script that is thoroughly botched.<br /><br />The first half of the movie roughly is okay in conception and execution. It keeps some of the little details from the novel. Sherman and Judy's dog is named Marshall. Who the hell would name a dog Marshall? It loses its focus almost completely in the second half and on the whole is barely worth watching.<br /><br />Wolfe's cynical redneck right-wingism may be offensive to a lot of people but he's got the cojones to lay his percepts out. Alas the writers and producers did not have the courage to pick them up and thus blew the chance to make a fascinating study of New Yorkers.
critique7411 Look this film is terrible... the "plot" involves twins who are neglected by their self-absorbed parents and left in the care of a succession of nannies and babysitters all of whom the children drive away by being completely obnoxious. Eventually the kids engineer ex-convict Beverly D'Angelo to be their new nanny do you care why? And D'Angelo watches a TV talk show about selling children and decides she will try to sell the twins... and well oh you don't want to know. It's all very unpleasant and not at all funny. In fact the announcer slated this film before it came on the TV channel I was watching! Just don't bother wasting a single moment of your life on this pile of complete trash y'hear?
critique7412 Let's just say it in simple words so that even the makers of this film might have a chance to understand: This is a very dumb film with an even dumber script lame animation and a story that's about as original as thumbtacks. Don't bother -- unless you need to find some way to entertain a group of mentally retarded adults or extremely slow children. They might laugh especially if they're off their meds. There's a special kind of insult in a film this ridiculous -- not only do the filmmakers apparently think that children are brainless idiots who can be entertained with claptrap that cost approximately zero effort but they don't even bother to break a sweat inserting a gag here and there that an adult might find amusing. This film frankly ticked me off royally. Shame on you for stooping so low.
critique7413 Rip off of "Scream" or especially "I know what you did last summer" there's some entertainment here and a little scary but they needed some originality.<br /><br />An entertainment score? 6.5/10 Overall? 5.5/10
critique7414 Frightmare begins with a horror movie icon killing a director and then his servant before he is laid to rest. This icon who has some Christopher Lee qualities to him then continues to haunt those around him when a group of horror film society students steal his corpse from the mausoleum he is in.<br /><br />The first ten minutes is well-filmed good writing and lots of potential for murderous mayhem. But the film drags in the middle (although thankfully not as much as "House of Death") and never really gets that initial spurt of energy back.<br /><br />Lots of the deaths are confusing as they seem to have people just falling over scared when they see a floating coffin or other odd things. Twice we see poisonous gas being used. But the box promises that this horror star will be the embodiment of all the monsters he has played. Boy is that false advertising unless he spent his career playing boring old men who take naps and watch "Matlock".<br /><br />The general principle of the film is decent: horror society kids stealing a corpse of a dead icon. A modern equivalent (digging up Vincent Price or Peter Cushing) would make a great film. Maybe a remake is in order if that wouldn't be too disrespectful. Sometimes theory doesn't come across as well in application and this film offers that example.<br /><br />The only redeeming quality of this film (besides the beginning) is the brief appearance of a very young Jeffrey Combs. I saw him and thought "that's Jeffrey Combs" but felt I was mistaken as the box never mentioned him. But sure enough Combs was present. (A note to this movie's film-makers: mention Combs on the cover of the DVD you'll sell more copies if if you would be deceiving customers.) If you're a Jeffrey Combs die-hard check out this early role. Otherwise I cannot offer this as a great selection for a horror movie marathon. Let me suggest "Intruder" or "Popcorn" as those are both pretty decent and will stand the test of time.
critique7415 The most ridiculous thing about this ridiculous movie is its conceit that if one becomes a saint he or she and his or her family and his or her significant other live forever. Let's forget that in order to become a saint the saint must be dead and saints don't have significant others. That for a millennium Nick has been the Jolly Elf to Fred's Scrooge is never even hinted at! Open on Nick learning how to make toys then on Fred learning how to run numbers; Nick giving a sick child a dolly Fred repossessing the dolly along with the family farm! After a few more such episodes morph to present-day Fred venting his spleen at Siblings Anonymous as his fellow losers nod in empathy. There I just wrote a more cohesive storyline than this idiocy!<br /><br />This Santa who is one "ho ho ho ho ho" away from a massive coronary is a neurotic wuss saddled with the Queen of the Harpies an operation straight out of Mega-Mall Hell and answers to a Board (huh?) which just gave the Easter Bunny his pink egg. Oh and his right-hand man is a ditzy blonde in a skin-tight mini-dress and go-go boots. Ho... ho... ho... ho... ho!<br /><br />But what really sent me over the edge was Slam being named #1 on the Naughty List. Shouldn't a Naughty List be reserved for the future Hitlers and Stalins? Children who are the true embodiments of evil? Nope to Old Sausage-Fingers a good boy who lashes out because he is unwanted and unloved is the Demon Seed!<br /><br />The nimrods behind Fred Claus should be boiled in their own pudding! Bah!
critique7416 I get the feeling that those involved in making "Surviving Christmas" didn't put much thought into the movie. The characters are so inconsistent and the plot makes so little sense that the movie played like a rough draft of a script thrown together with little but the one-liner concept of a rich guy paying a family to let him spend Christmas with them.<br /><br />Ben Affleck portrays Drew Latham the typical Hollywood image of a wealthy egotistical advertising executive who buys his way through life. His girlfriend Missy leaves him shortly before Christmas because she's disgusted that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas which she calls "the family holiday" and the fact that Drew has never introduced her to his family. We later find out that Drew's father left when he was 4 years old and his mother is dead so it's a mystery why he doesn't just say that he has no family rather than allow his girlfriend to believe that he doesn't care about his family.<br /><br />Out of fear of being alone on Christmas Drew tracks down Missy's shrink (why? I have no idea) who suggests he do a forgiveness ritual at his childhood home. When he meets the family living in his childhood home the Valcos Drew offers them $250000 to pretend to be his family so he can relive his fond childhood memories. He gets angry when he later finds out that they have an adult daughter Alicia (Christina Applegate) because he "doesn't have a sister" and even goes so far as to write a script for the family to follow so that they act more like his "real" family. None of this makes any sense once Drew reveals that he grew up with no family but his mother.<br /><br />Also inexplicable is the character of Alicia who is annoyed that her family accepted Drew's money and refuses to play along with his fantasy. But for no good reason she suddenly starts to like Drew and in a matter of minutes goes from hating his guts to acting like his girlfriend. Drew is such a complete jerk throughout the movie that even his sad story about the lonely Christmases of his childhood evokes no sympathy; I almost wish he had finished with "Just kidding! The real reason I don't see my family is that they all have restraining orders against me!" (2/10)
critique7417 There are bad movies terrible movies even boring movies...I can watch most and put up until the end not this time. Avoid this like the plague annoying music throughout terrible editing no comedy its tackier than a novelty mug...My missus wanted to watch this thinking it would be Legally Blonde material or something kind of watchable but never better than average chick flick. Its the first time she was begging me to push the stop button.<br /><br />The Girls well they were not great to start with (Denise done OK in Starship Troopers and Wild things) but you have sank to the gravel. I feel like a mug having spent 30 minutes on this...Pamela Anderson is almost unrecognisable after much construction work to her face.<br /><br />Please take my advice if you want to avoid wasting valuable oxygen and brain cells ranting at the utter mince that is on your screen.
critique7418 If you find the depiction of violent murders and wanton police brutality expressed in a plot less film with glacial pacing entertaining then you're bound to enjoy Surveillance. This film was garbage for both the mind and spirit. The notion that this is a "thriller" is comical; that would imply some kind of tension and twists. You kept waiting for the story to actually finish "starting". It never rises above a glorification of weak-minded violent criminals and individuals from all walks of life. Picture all of the violence of "No Country for Old Men" without any kind of chase or sympathetic characters. Thrill-killers run amok. The acting is good mostly but the script is a pile. Don't bother and tell your friends to don't bother.
critique7419 I saw most of the episodes of RMFTM as a teenager on "Cliffhanger Theater" running after midnight on a local station some years ago and then again when Mystery Science Theatre riffed on it in the early 90's. Time has not been kind to it. <br /><br />I can certainly make allowances for the special effects which were quite impressive for a low budget 50's serial (IMO Commando Cody's flying scenes were better than George Reeves/Superman's in his TV show). And I can also make allowances for the ahem "acting" and fight choreography -. except for the guy who plays the ruler of the Moon Men. He is incredibly miscast. He looks and acts like the fellow who comes to fix your plumbing not the despotic ruler of an alien race. Even the corny dialog works all right - everyone rattles off their lines like strings of firecrackers with no wasted time or pauses for things like "thought" or "introspection". Since everyone does this the viewer finds it immersive after awhile and even to my modern sensibilities it doesn't bother much. <br /><br />What really irritates me is the writing and the plotting. I'm not talking about the sunny weather on the moon or baking soda powered rocket ships or a flying suit that has controls labeled "up/down" and "fast/slow". I'm not even bothered by the cheesiness of the resolutions to the cliffhangers that end each chapter. I'm talking about the fact that our supposed heroes are dumber than fence posts and have no cumulative memory. And by the fact that although that the dialog clips along like an express train the plot goes through the same motions again and again. <br /><br />Dig it: Commando Cody and his pal are the spearhead of a top secret hi tech science lab charged with protecting Earth (or at least the USA) against an insidious alien invasion. But his office has no guards or security checkpoints. They don't even have locks on the front doors. So the bad guys walk RIGHT IN and beat the crap out of the Cody and his staff ...not once (perhaps understandable) but SEVERAL times. They even kidnap his female assistant on the second try. And they never get any smarter. To further prove my point allow me to point out the way that Cody jumps in his flying suit and flies around getting into trouble and never actually seems to succeed in catching anyone. He does this over and over and over. Cody also flies his ship to the Moon (the woman assistant comes along to cook) stays for about 30 seconds and immediately turns around and comes back. Cody captures one of the Atomic Ray guns...and immediately loses it again to the bad guys because he couldn't be bothered to lock it up. And so on.<br /><br />And you would think that if Cody's efforts were so vital to saving the USA from the Moon Men that he might ask for a few soldiers with carbines a few helicopters and a tank or two to back him up instead of just working with the local police all the time. This was supposed to be a military operation but they act like it's another episode of "Gangbusters". <br /><br />It's all rather hard to stomach. I appreciate that the creators were severely limited in the scope of their story by budget and time constraints...and I appreciate that Cody is actually a reasonably tough hombre (even though he loses half of his fistfights). But I just can't help yelling "DOOR! LOCK THE DOOOOR!!" when the gangsters simply walk into his lab or try to blow up the ship and there are NO security measures at the landing site in place...not even a fence (!). <br /><br />Still it's OK. Of the three Republic serials I've watched "Phantom Creeps" had a better plot and "Undersea Kingdom" had more atmosphere (hah!) and a better hero than "Radar Men" but it's an OK time-waster. <br /><br />BTW...why "Radar" men? They didn't use radar they used Atomic Ray Guns. Shouldn't the title have been "Atomic Ray Gun Men From The Moon?"
critique7420 Writer-director Patrice Leconte takes a universal and potentially bottomless subject - friendship - and turns it into a flat and meaningless farce despite A-list actors fine cinematography and elegant production design. It's all in the plot and the plot is laughable. "Teach me how to be likable" art dealer FranÃƒÂ§ois Coste (Daniel Auteuil) tells a random stranger (Dany Boon) and that about sums it up. We learn next to nothing about friendship and Daniel Auteuil may be a fine actor but not one minute do we believe he could be the cut-throat egoist the script depends on him to be. Just as we hope the travesty is over Leconte pulls one of his usual cathartic third acts fast-forwarding from damage to disaster. Like FranÃƒÂ§ois's treasured Greek vase everyone and everything in this movie is a fake. Leconte's only asset is Julie Gayet in the part of Coste's business partner Catherine looking swell and sexy despite a major mishap of a haircut.
critique7421 I watched all three segments and am so disappointed in the story line. Zahn spends so much time mimicking Duvall he does nothing else in the show. And Tommy Lee Jones would never be so weak as a young man unlikeable yes but weak never. We never see how or why they go to back to Lonesome Dove...which is a dirt hole in the original...why would they ever leave Austin where they are hero's...for doing nothing during the whole movie...I was rooting for Blue Duck by the end of the movie and he was totally miscast. There is no warning about how many segments there are...it just ends. This mini-series could have been "somebody"...tragic. It looked like it was directed by the Parrot and the Jag
critique7422 When robot hordes start attacking major cities who will stop the madman behind the attacks? Sky Captain!!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan the ace of the skyways tackling insurmountable odds along with his pesky reporter ex-girlfriend Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former flight partner Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie).<br /><br />Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow may look and feel like an exciting movie but it really is quite dull and underwhelming. The film's running time is 106 minutes yet it feels so much longer because there is no substance in this movie. The visuals were great and the film did a nice job on that. However there is nothing to support these wonderful visuals. The film lacks a story and interesting characters making the while thing quite dull and unnecessary. I blame director and writer Kerry Conran. He focuses too much on the visuals and spent little time on the actual story. The movie is like a girl with no personality after awhile it kind of gets bland and tiring. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl with no personality. It's simply just another case of style over substance.<br /><br />The acting is surprisingly average and that's not really their fault since they had very little to work with. The main reason I watched this movie is because of Angelina Jolie. However the advertising is quite misleading and she is only in the film for about 30 minutes. Her performance is surprisingly bland as well. Jude Law gives an okay performance though you would expect a lot more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average nothing special at all. Ling Bai's performance was the only one I really liked. She gives a pretty good performance as the mysterious woman and she was the only interesting character in the entire film.<br /><br />The movie is not a complete bust though. There were some "wow" and exciting scenes. There just weren't enough of them. The film just doesn't have that hook to really make it memorable. It was actually quite bland and it wasn't very engaging at all. It's too bad the film wasn't very good since it had such a promising premise. In the end Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and not really worth watching. Rating 4/10
critique7423 Karl Jr and his dad are now running an army on a remote island. They capture a trio of guys who stumble upon the island. Whom after a while fight back. (well the survivors) This one has non-stop blood gore and carnage which would have been good if any of it looked remotely real or if the production didn't look like it was made with a weeks worth of saved up lunch money (I may be overexxagerating there. it was probably just a couple days worth). The horrendous dubbing didn't bother me as much and I suspect if I had been really drunk some of it MIGHT have been slightly humorous....maybe. But as it is at merely 78 minutes the movie still felt way too long by.. Oh I don't know... 78 minutes. Don't waste your time.<br /><br />My Grade: F <br /><br />DVD Extras: Bonus movie: "Zombie '90: Extreme Pestilence"; and Trailers for other Shock-o-Rama released films
critique7424 This adaptation like 1949's *The Heiress* is based on the Henry James novel. *The Heiress* starring Olivia de Havilland remains as a well-respected piece of work though less true to James' original story than this new remake which retains James' original title. It is the story of a awkward yet loving daughter (Leigh) devoted to her father (Finney) after her mother dies during childbirth. The arrogant father holds his daughter in no esteem whatsoever and considers her as well as all women simpleminded. When a young man (Chaplin) of good family and little fortune comes courting the Father is naturally suspicious but feeling so sure that his daughter could hold no interest for any man is convinced that the young man is a fortune hunter and forbids her to see him. Leigh is a controversial actress Ã‚Â– most either love her or hate her Ã‚Â– and she always has a particular edginess and tenseness to her style like she's acting through gritted teeth. She's not bad in this and she handles her role relatively deftly Ã‚Â– it's just an awkward role for any actress making the audience want to grab the character by her shoulders and shake her until she comes to her senses. While the character garners a lot of sympathy she's not particularly likable. The very handsome and immensely appealing Ben Chaplin (previously seen in *The Truth About Cats and Dogs*) plays his role with the exact amount of mystery required to keep the audience guessing whether he is after her fortune or is really in love with her. Maggie Smith is one of the finest actresses alive and raises the level of the movie considerably with her portrayal of the well-meaning aunt. Finney is marvelous of course as the father who threatens to disinherit his daughter for her disobedience but the daughter is willing to risk that for the man she loves. But does her ardent suitor still want her without her fortune? This is only one instance where *Washington Square* differs from *The Heiress*. Another instance is the ability to stick with it. It is a handsome movie that is as tedious as a dripping faucet offering too little story in too long of a movie.
critique7425 The trailer is so deceiving... I thought this will be a good film... What was the point in bringing the women in Hong Kong for being killed? They could have done it in Paris. And the fist half hour:<br /><br />-You love me!<br /><br />-No I don't! -You love me!<br /><br />-No I don't! -You love me!<br /><br />-No I don't!Repeat for 100 times... then... Well I don't love you... So i shoot you! :D So here is the reason why movie piracy is a good thing! Imagine if I would have even give money for this torture! I'm sorry for the time I lost watching it... the film makers should pay me <br /><br />for the inconvenience... Worst film ever seen...
critique7426 This is about as pretentious a movie as a shallow director like Joel Schumacher could make I suppose. A group of medical students take it turns to die for several minutes; upon revival they discover that their sins have manifested themselves somehow or other. As some of the characters are visited by dead people and some just seem to be haunted by their guilty consciences it's not quite clear exactly what the connection is but the visions do all seem to look like sixth form art films. Why the students treat their experiment as some kind of grand journey that'll make them famous is a bit of a mystery as the results are completely unproveable and as the movie mentions several times have been documented plenty of times before. Still it's nice to see Schumacher practising for his Batman trainwrecks with a bit of the old neon paint and coloured lightbulbs. And William Baldwin is a plank.
critique7427 First of all let me just say that after watching this movie I felt like I'd been sold a bill of goods. Mind you it's not the movie's fault that IMDb has it listen as a comedy first and a horror second (although I don't know how that's entered...maybe some moron from the film's crew put it in). Being a fan of the horror/comedy genre I checked it out based on that and I'm so so sorry I did. Where to start? First of all to touch back on my beginning there's no comedy in this movie. It tries once or twice but never gets more than a chuckle at best. My reaction was primarily rolling my eyes and wondering why someone thought such tired material would be funny. Also there's no horror here. Not a second of tension can be found. You think I'm exaggerating...I am not. No tension very little blood and not much violence on screen (sorry but in a horror flick cutting away just as the good stuff starts is a major foul). Hell...there's even zero nudity. Call me a purist or juvenile...I prefer some in a horror flick if it can't come up with an original plot/premise. And that tired as all hell "reality TV show gone wrong thing"? It's been done before and a lot better. Like Wrong Turn 2 or...ummm....whatever that movie was called with Edward Furlong. That's how bad this movie is. I don't even remember the name of that movie but it was better than this. I also enjoyed the one comment claiming the timing for this was good because "reality TV is taking over". Did someone from the past post that with a time machine? Are you freaking kidding me? This thing is trash...and not in a fun way.
critique7428 Watching this film for the action is rather a waste of time because the figureheads on the ships act better than the humans. It's a mercy that Anthony Quinn couldn't persuade anyone else to let him direct any other films after this turkey.<br /><br />But it is filled with amusement value since Yul Brynner has hair Lorne Greene displays an unconvincing French accent and the rest of the big names strut about in comic-book fashion.
critique7429 Hey I know Angel isn't the kind of show that gives people a happy ending and I know they couldn't just make everything perfect but I couldn't believe the ending to Angel. I absolutely love the show it's possibly the best show ever. However I really hated this ending as well as the whole way the 2nd half of Angel season 5 went (similar to Buffy season 7). My favorite characters deaths were pretty much pointless and did nothing for the plot. Cordelia was one of the best characters on the show and once she and Angel were finally going to get together she turned all evil and into a demon. I wanted so badly to have her back don't get me wrong the episode where Cordelia comes back is fantastic but I was still really mad she was gone. Then on earth was up with Fred dying right after she finally got with Wesley? There was no sacrifice it was pointless it did nothing whatsoever for the plot and blue haired demon girl is an awful useless character. They spent way too much of the end centered around her. Another big problem is they didn't connect the elements well enough. I know those dudes in that black thorn wanted to bring about the apocalypse but there wasn't even a date set for when it was supposed to happen. The apocalypse should have been carried out and discovered throughout the entire season rather than just mentioning there are some evil dudes an hour before the season ends. One of the biggest problems is every character who the audience cares about is either dead or has nothing to live for. My three favorite characters died and Angel Spike and Gunn (who I'm not sure even survives) have no office aren't even back to their helping the helpless are in the middle of a huge battle and have lost everyone they care about. Angel and Spike are never redeemed they lose the girl they care about and just about everyone's dead and they still have to fight this weird evil army. I get the whole you never stop fighting but it was stupid to end it right in the middle. Couldn't there have been some redemption with knowledge that there would always be many more battles to come. I don't get why this episode is so highly rated because I think the Buffy ending was 10 times better and I wasn't even a giant fan of that one. Why did they have to slip at the end season 3 and 4 and 1st half of five were so amazing then they went and messed up the show.
critique7430 This movie is the proverbial 80s flick that shows the viewer that as long as he or she tries at something they can be better than the pros. The main character Doug showed off his skills in flying a Cessna aircraft which somehow equated to being fully capable of flying a jet aircraft and being able to kill people. We all would like to have a few million dollars to play with... maybe make a good investment donate buy a few things but the directors of this movie decided to make Iron Eagle... not once... not twice... not even three times; yes four times. The thing to look most forward to are the multitude 'hollywood endings' in this movie. Just when you think the movie is going to end after a cheesy end sequence there's another cheesy end sequence. Then another. Definitely a movie one must watch to believe... and maybe own just to remind oneself of how awesome the 80s must have been.
critique7431 Expectations were somewhat high for me when I went to see this movie after all I thought Steve Carell could do no wrong coming off of great movies like Anchorman The 40 Year-Old Virgin and Little Miss Sunshine. Boy was I wrong.<br /><br />I'll start with what is right with this movie: at certain points Steve Carell is allowed to be Steve Carell. There are a handful of moments in the film that made me laugh and it's due almost entirely to him being given the wiggle-room to do his thing. He's an undoubtedly talented individual and it's a shame that he signed on to what turned out to be in my opinion a total train-wreck.<br /><br />With that out of the way I'll discuss what went horrifyingly wrong.<br /><br />The film begins with Dan Burns a widower with three girls who is being considered for a nationally syndicated advice column. He prepares his girls for a family reunion where his extended relatives gather for some time with each other.<br /><br />The family is high atop the list of things that make this an awful movie. No family behaves like this. It's almost as if they've been transported from Pleasantville or Leave it to Beaver. They are a caricature of what we think a family is when we're 7. It reaches the point where they become obnoxious and simply frustrating. Touch football crossword puzzle competitions family bowling and talent shows ARE NOT HOW ACTUAL PEOPLE BEHAVE. It's almost sickening.<br /><br />Another big flaw is the woman Carell is supposed to be falling for. Observing her in her first scene with Steve Carell is like watching a stroke victim trying to be rehabilitated. What I imagine is supposed to be unique and original in this woman comes off as mildly retarded.<br /><br />It makes me think that this movie is taking place on another planet. I left the theater wondering what I just saw. After thinking further I don't think it was much.
critique7432 No that its sick. It's not sick. It made me want to puke because I spent 2 dollars on it. Its boring Retarded and annoying. I didn't see the MST3K version which sucks because I bet the MST3K version was funny. It's sad that people waste money on these kinds of movies. I'm surprised its not on the "100 Worst Movies of All Time List".<br /><br />TromaDude's Rating- 0 outta ***** stars
critique7433 I like Christophe Lambert as an actor. He has played in several good movies (Highlander Subway Greystoke ...). But I can't even think he has played in that movie. The story is nearly nothing the special effects are very bad and the actors also. To resume the movie I have only one thing to say : it's the first time that I go to watch a movie and want to leave after 10 minutes.
critique7434 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique7435 For awhile I was hooked on shows like Ghost Hunters and Destination Truth and stuff even though I thought they were full of crap I found them interesting and entertaining and that's why we watch entertainment TV. It's fun to turn off your brain and believe that every shadow caught on camera is not just some shadow but some insane asylum inmate's tormented spirit or something so long as you can snap back to the real world later.<br /><br />That being said enjoying Paranormal State requires more than merely shutting your brain off it requires you to consume lead in large doses on a regular basis during your childhood then suffer repeated head trauma then take up huffing paint in your teens. Then you have to get high/drunk and watch.<br /><br />Paranormal State is beyond the pseudoscience (which I can enjoy with a degree of critical thinking) that you'll find on Ghost Hunters (which I still find to be reasonably interesting and entertaining program) it's pseudo... everything.<br /><br />The show follows the adventures of a group of students from Penn State University (not to be confused with University of Pennsylvania) lead by Ryan Buell as they take it upon themselves to exorcise demons and spirits using ceremonies from whatever religion seems most dramatic at the time (ranging from Catholic exorcisms performed by college coeds to Wiccan spells cast by socially awkward goths to Native American cleansing rituals. To their credit these are performed by Native Americans). If you believe in Wicca or you're Catholic or a follower of a traditional Native American religions I think you'd want their cleansing rituals performed by someone who... isn't a maladjusted college student with some free time. I don't remember the scene in the exorcist where the priests threw up their hands and said "it's no use! Call up an after school club from the state college. This one is too much for us. They've probably read the Wikipedia article on exorcisms." The show is frankly insulting to the intelligence to the viewer. The show's opening title sequence has Ryan talking about PRS (the Paranormal Research Society) saying that when he came to Penn State (notice you don't see any shows where the host says the same thing but instead of Penn State he says "When I came to MIT" or "After I got my theoretical physics degree...") he found other people with similar interest in the paranormal. He says they are sometimes "warriors." I remember when I used to pretend I was a warrior and I fought ghosts. I was six. Then the emotionless Ryan brings out the flamboyant and obnoxious Chip Coffey who pretends to go into trances and become possessed by cussing at the cast. Awesome. I thought people had learned some sense about how ridiculous the idea of psychics and mediums is after "Crossing Over" went off the air. The show takes itself way too seriously as this small group of societal misfits pretends they are battling against some ancient cosmic evil. Production values are low stories are boring and unlike Ghost Hunters which will occasionally catch something anomalous (although likely explainable but interesting nonetheless) on their equipment PS requires you to believe that the noises and creaks that they hear are evidence of demons ghouls and possibly leprechauns. The only thing scary about this show is that there are people out there that take it seriously. The only thing paranormal about it is that the people on it are able to make each episode while keeping a straight face.<br /><br />Call me jaded but I feel like the great mysteries of the universe and the afterlife are too great to be solved in a half-hour TV show by a journalism undergrad at a state school.<br /><br />All that being said I highly recommend that everyone watch this show at least once if for no other reason than the sheer entertainment derived from watching a truly terrible movie or TV show. Or you can make a drinking game out of it. I think the second would be preferable.
critique7436 I saw Chan Is Missing when it first came out about four years after moving from San Francisco to New York. Maybe it was the perspective of a few years away but this movie seemed to capture the essence of the city and its people better than anything else I'd ever seen (still does). It concentrates on one particular community - the Chinese - but that's fine because so much of the city's soul is refracted through the settings the faces and the maybe above all the voices of the characters.<br /><br />This isn't the tourists' San Francisco. The settings are humble and everyday: a taxi cab the kitchen of a Chinese restaurant Richmond District row houses little Chinatown apartments and small-business offices the piers a Philippine elder center. This is what the city looks and feels like day to day to the people who live there - even now in the era of Silicon Gulch urban redevelopment. Unlike say Dirty Harry (in its own way an excellent San Francisco movie as well) everything is filmed at street level: We come to understand the characters' points of view from the perspective their surroundings give them not from some fancy vertiginous shooting.<br /><br />Wang apparently filmed in B&W because he didn't have the money to do otherwise yet one of the strongest visual elements of the movie is the natural light he achieves. The often harsh pervasive quality of the sunlight is one of my closest associations with San Francisco: It seems to expose everything bringing the buildings the hills the other landmarks down in scale and in a funny way making the people you pass on the streets seem more individual and potentially closer to you than they might in another place. Wang's photography perfectly conveys this and even helps the story along at points.<br /><br />Wang captures the speech and conversational style of Chinese and other San Franciscans better than anyone ever has I think. If there's such thing as a true San Francisco "accent" it's what you hear from the balding taxi medallion broker (I think) who appears talking on the phone in one scene (listen to the way he calls the person on the other end "ya dingaling!").<br /><br />The story is poignant and despite a few very small missteps makes its points beautifully about the longings that pull at the hearts of people living in old immigrant communities - including the justified political and ethnic resentments and little ironic amusements that help to fuel them. All this is communicated delicately - perhaps why some respondents here think the film meanders. It doesn't - suffice it to say that the two cab drivers' quest for Chan becomes a quest for something more personal.<br /><br />Chan Is Missing finishes up with a Chinatown travelogue sequence backed by a goofy novelty song from the 1930s (I guess) about San Francisco and all its crazy diversity. An American caricature yes but somehow not entirely off the mark either.
critique7437 Donald Pleasance and Peter Cushing united in one horror film; that always sounds like a terrific plan. Two of the most versatile cult actors of their generation who previously already starred together in terrific genre outings like "The Flesh and the Fiends" and "From Beyond the Grave" pairing up in a mid-70's satanic themed exploitation flick. How can this possibly go wrong? Well unfortunately it can. To my deepest regret "Land of the Minotaur" can hardly even be called mediocre and that in spite of the cast the exotic setting the appealing title and the potentially great sounding premise. In a remote little area in Greece more particularly near an archaeological site multiple tourists vanish because Baron Peter Cushing and his docile followers keep feeding them to a fire-breathing Minotaur statue. Cushing who never looked more bored and uninterested in any role he played before owns a giant medieval castle and apparently in Greek this means you also own the complementary archaeological ruins and an underground network of caverns. That is of course quite handy if your hobby is the kidnapping of random campers and amateur archaeologists. When three of his young friends also mysteriously disappear in the same area Father Roch - the priest of a couple of towns before) - decides to investigate. "Land of the Minotaur" is a boring and extremely slow-paced horror effort that never really undertakes any major attempts to generate a satanic atmosphere and doesn't bother to elaborate on all the potentially fascinating elements and pagan trivia details. The titular Minotaur for example is an intriguing creature of Greek mythology with the head of a bull and the body of a person but for some inexplicable reason the script never deepens out the significance. Instead the film focuses on tedious and overly talkative sequences and loud inappropriate music altered with experimental noises. The only reason to even consider giving this major disappointment of a film a chance is because of Donald Pleasance. His portrayal of rude bossy and old-fashioned priest who criticizes everything that represents modern youth is powerful and reliable as always.
critique7438 Istanbul is another one of those expatriate films that Errol Flynn was making in the last decade of his life trying to support his family and stay out of trouble with the IRS. It's a remake of the Fred MacMurray- Ava Gardner film Singapore from a decade ago.<br /><br />Unlike that studio product Istanbul has the advantage of that great location cinematography right at the sight of the Golden Horn. But Errol Flynn who was aging exponentially before the camera in every film was way too old to be playing these action/adventure types any longer. His scenes with Cornell Borchers really do lack conviction.<br /><br />As for Cornell she plays Errol's former sweetheart who through the trauma of being saved from a fire now has amnesia. She both doesn't remember Errol and is now married to Torin Thatcher. <br /><br />But Errol's got some nasty people led by Martin Benson and Werner Klemperer who are after some diamonds which have come into his possession. Got to deal with them too.<br /><br />Best reason to see Istanbul is to hear Nat King Cole sing and play the piano. Most people today don't realize that Cole was an accomplished jazz pianist they only think of him as a singer. Actually he was a pianist first the singing was an afterthought.<br /><br />Istanbul is a routine action/adventure film for those who are fans of that type of movie.
critique7439 I feel much less generous with this film than others of its ilk. The portrayal of madmen in this century is always done with them being so totally bizarre as to be a different species. Their antics are so outrageous as to be totally fictionalized. Everyone is Napoleon or some other historical figure; or they have a fascination with chickens. They are on the make or beating each other up. It's as if the scriptwriter said what can I make up for them to do without an sense of what insanity or even mental illness is. Watch the wonderful human portrayal in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" where the illnesses are believable and real. I once worked in a State Mental hospital. I didn't see any of these guys. These are too smart and calculating to make them come to life.
critique7440 I'm very disappointed. First of all the German synchronization is bad. Maybe in the original version (with subtitles) it would have been better but the whole movie looks like if the director saw Luna Papa and Black Cat White Cat and tried to produce something in this style too. But failed in every aspect. It's an incongruent mixture of a weird unbelievable story and very childish gags. No atmosphere no life. Extremely primitive sex-humor. I voted 2 because 1 is the worst and the other point for 'Sybilla' she's really cute. Sorry - I like 'eastern' movies but this one is really superfluous.
critique7441 I do admit that my review is from a 2006 point of view nearly 30 years after the making of this movie and at the time of its conception it may have been a brilliant horror/thriller movie.<br /><br />Beginning on Halloween night 1968 6 year old Michael commits the brutal murder of his 18 year old sister. Michael is committed to a mental institution and 15 years later escapes and returns to his home town to murder again.<br /><br />From this point it is clear that the movie will follow a basic and rudimentary path that is highly predictable. The beginning of every scene is easily predictable in the way it will end whilst the music for each scene containing Michael (the murderer) is exactly the same throughout the movie thus alerting the viewer to the likely events to follow.<br /><br />For the horror/thriller enthusiast there is a severe lack of blood/gore compared to modern day films although I am not akin to the amount that is displayed in this day and age. A happier medium could have been found.<br /><br />From a half hour into the movie not one scene is unexpected. The acting for a horror/thriller film is fairly typical of the era and thus lacks any punch for the modern day enthusiast.<br /><br />A positive for the film is its lingering camera shots and dark lighting which creates a frightening atmosphere. A second positive would be the character of Michael's doctor who provides clues to the probability of where the story may lead.<br /><br />However it is clear that the star in Jamie-Lee Curtis is in the infancy stages of her acting career and thus fails to provide a truly frightened central victim.<br /><br />It is hard for me to rate this film as it was in its day but from other horror/thriller films of indeed the 80s and to a lesser extent the 90s it falls far short of a truly great horror/thriller film.<br /><br />I suggest you move on and find a classic from the 80s. Cheers!
critique7442 good lord! (and that coming from an atheist) this "movie" is bad !<br /><br />much has already been said by the reviewers before (the ones who rated this piece 3 and below) to which I fully agree I just like to add a few things: <br /><br />among the three guys who had to eat their own digestive end products got chopped up by an Axe raped by a broomstick had their balls blown away - the ex-boyfriend suffers the worst torture while having to listen to the girl's endless and pointless babble at the kitchen table (as do we but at least we have the mercy of the mute button).<br /><br />had the director cut out the point- and endless graveyard and inverted scenes our suffering would have been over after 30 minutes.<br /><br />the only things that made this flick at least somewhat bearable are Emily Haack's tits (one point).<br /><br />forget it. don't buy it. don't waste your time. and your sanity. my brain is so fried after watching this I feel the urgent need to watch (and suffer?) "Scrapbook" right now.
critique7443 I saw this movie in NEW York city. I was waiting for a bus the next morning so it was 2 or 3 in the morning. It was raining and did not want to wait at the PORT AUTHORTY. So I went across the street and saw the worst film of my life. It was so bad that I chose to stay and see the whole movieI have yet to see anything else that bad since. The year was 69so call me crazy. I stayed only because I could not belive it.........
critique7444 Howling II (1985) was a complete 180 from the first film. Whilst the first film was campy and creepy. The second one was sleazy and cheesy. The production values on this one are pretty bad and the acting is atrocious. The brother of the anchorwoman werewolf from part one wants to find out what happened to his sis'. The "scene" from the first film was badly re-created. A skinny plain looking woman accompanies bro' (Reb Brown) to the old country (Romania) to uncover the mystery to her sister's murder/transformation/death. Christopher Lee appears and disappears over now and then as sort of a sage/guide to the two. Sybil Danning and her two biggest assets appear as Stirba the head werewolf of the Romania. She also suffers from a bad case of morning face ewww!<br /><br />Bad movie. There's nothing good about this stinker. I'm surprise Philippe Mora directed this picture because he's usually a good film-maker. The film is so dark that you need a flashlight to watch it (no not the content but the film stock itself). To round the movie off you get a lousy "punk" performance from a Damned wannabe "Babel". Maybe if they forked over a couple of extra bucks they could've got the real deal instead of an imitation.<br /><br />Best to avoid unless you're desperate or you lost the remote and you're too lazy to change the channel.
critique7445 I grew up with scooby(kinda the re-runs of where are you)I hate scrappy love Daphne and feel its not complete with out the whole gang. But this is sad scooby doo is mystery solving comedy-not bad totally spy's jap anime. i like "whats new" they had to give danger-prone Daphne a makeover sometime :( and try to lose the *sex *drug jokes of many a generation but this "get a clue" is flat out crap and should not have the Scooby name attached. They even tried to do some lame punk thing with the theme song. now i'm gonna go watch my DVD of scooby doo where are you to wash the filth of this new series off my eyes
critique7446 Maybe this wowed them in the 50's but this is one of those flicks that doesn't age well. It's got that preachy earnest downtrodden working man vibe of a 2nd rate Rod Serling live TV "Playhouse" broadcast. The "plot" is by the book the Cassevetes character's troubled background seems tacked-on and the love interest is unconvincing and half-hearted.<br /><br />Sidney Portier gives an OK performance but man he sure was an annoying haughty snot. If I had to work with this guy in a warehouse I'd probably want to hit him with a grappling hook too. Jack Warden is good because as usual he plays Jack Warden.<br /><br />Like 90% of the films rated on IMDb (whether they are classics mediocre or crapola) somehow this one gets rated with 7-point-some-stars. It is in no way deserving of that. Save your time
critique7447 In order to describe what's seriously wrong with this movie it has to contain some *spoilers* so if you're going to see it and expect to be surprised don't read this!<br /><br />I liked everything about this movie except the plot; and in a thriller like this believable plot is essential. It is well acted if a bit slow moving and the camera work and Portland scenes are exquisite for a low-budget unpretentious picture. The dialog is very good. <br /><br />Mason is seriously withdrawn youth who works at a telemarketing company selling insurance. His high school buddy Berkeley is his employer and looks after him like a brother despite the fact that Mason is quite obviously mentally ill. Mason has nightmares which send him gasping and fumbling for his inhaler. His visions and nightmares suggest that he has had serious problems with good-looking women in his past and the movie seems to be suggesting that he may be a serial killer of women. He meets a perky pretty girl named Amber and he sketches her in his notebook. She takes a liking to him and poses for him so he can paint her portrait. He sees more of her and begins to awaken from his withdrawn state almost becoming halfway human. Then something goes wrong. Amber finds sketchbooks with drawings of other girls and she begins to wonder. She becomes frightened and pulls away. We are wondering if her sudden coldness is going to push him over the edge. His behavior becomes more erratic. <br /><br />This is the setup for the revelation. In order to explain how this movie goes horribly wrong I have to explain what happens. *Another spoiler warning!* In order for this plot to work we have believe that Amber a really outgoing pretty young girl is going to go for a seriously emotionally disturbed young man who at least at the beginning of their friendship has a vacant stare and can only speak in monosyllables or doesn't speak at all. He's way beyond nerdy he appears on the verge of total catatonia. Yes I know girls can be attracted to all kinds of weirdos but usually the Charles Manson type or punk rockers guys with some kind of evil manic energy. Mason is practically a zombie he's hardly there at all. Any perky young thing would cross the street to avoid him. It is just not believable that this girl is attracted to him. Moreover there is no credible reason for Berkeley to indulge the crazy Mason that just isn't believable either. <br /><br />But wait there's a revelation. Amber fails to show up at Berkeley's house for Christmas dinner where Mason is expecting her and Berkeley his old buddy has to tell him that Amber and all his other former girlfriends the ones he drew in his many sketchbooks don't exist at all! She and all the others are merely figments of his twisted imagination: he dreamed them up. <br /><br />Well this explains why a normal cute Amber would go for Mason she's just a figment of his imagination. This could have been the final revelation of the movie with the proper preparation and setup but alas it's not. At this point Mason runs back to his apartment and finds Amber there...he's enraged he kills her. But now we are given to understand that Amber was in fact real not Mason's imaginary girlfriend. <br /><br />In the end after being given proof that Amber actually exists and that Mason killed her Berkeley has to admit that he was wrong that he misjudged Mason. This would work if Mason had been halfway sane from the beginning but because we the audience always suspected him of being totally deranged and possibly a killer of women it is no surprise to us. We suspected what he was all along and can't understand why Berkeley couldn't see it. But then we are once again left to wonder: if she was real why Amber would be attracted to the catatonic Mason? <br /><br />To make the ending worse we are never given to understand whether all the other of Mason's girlfriends the ones in the sketchbooks were real or was Amber the first real one? And if the others were real did he kill them too? What did he do with the bodies? <br /><br />The problem is that the filmmakers just didn't know what to do with the material. Perhaps there could have been a way to straighten it out and tell a credible suspense story but this movie is not that.
critique7448 I bought this video at Walmart's $1 bin. I think I over-paid!!! In the 1940s Bela Lugosi made a long string of 3rd-rate movies for small studios (in this case Monogram--the ones who made most of the Bowry Boys films). While the wretchedness of most of these films does not approach the level of awfulness his last films achieved (Ed Wood "classics" such as Bride of the Monster and Plan 9 From Outer Space) they are nonetheless poor films and should be avoided by all but the most die-hard fans.<br /><br />I am an old movie junkie so I gave this a try. Besides a few of these lesser films were actually pretty good--just not this one.<br /><br />Lugosi is what else a mad scientist who wants to keep his rather bizarre and violent wife alive through a serum he concocts from young brides. They never really explained WHY it had to be brides or why it must be women or even what disease his wife had--so you can see that the plot was never really hashed out at all.<br /><br />Anyways a really annoying female reporter (a Lois Lane type without Jimmy Olsen or Superman) wants to get to the bottom of all these apparent murders in which the bodies were STOLEN! So she follows some clues all the way to the doorstep of Lugosi. Lugosi's home is complete with his crazed wife a female assistant and two strange people who are apparently the assistant's sons (an ugly hunchbacked sex fiend and a dwarf). Naturally this plucky reporter faints repeatedly throughout the film--apparently narcolepsy and good investigative journalism go hand in hand! Eventually the maniacs ALL die--mostly due to their own hands and all is well. At the conclusion the reporter and a doctor she just met decide to marry. And naturally the reporter's dumb cameraman faints when this occurs. If you haven't noticed there's a lot of fainting in this film. Or maybe because it was such a slow and ponderous film they just fell asleep!
critique7449 I was totally disgusted with this unnecessary sequel to "The Poseidon Adventure" a movie which I have given a great comment about.<br /><br />This film is unbelievable from the word GO! I agree why were no other rescues boats around and helicopters? The one that rescued the original survivors had just flown over the boat that Michael Caine & Sally Field are on. THAT WAS THE ONLY RESCUE CREW? Hard to believe.<br /><br />The acting is generally poor and the show looks cheap. I really hated the waste of talent from some good actors.<br /><br />Don't watch this film unless you must catch Sally & Michael as lovers.<br /><br />gord
critique7450 Blonde and Blonder was unfunny.Basically it was a rip-off girl version of Dumb and Dumber but less funny and they used too much background noises and music.WAY TOO MUCH BACKGROUND NOISES AND MUSIC IF YOU ASK ME!!!!It starts out immensely boring and TOTALLY inane.It doesn't pick up pace anywhere soon and I was feeling more frustrated as this nonsense carried on.Maybe the only thing that saved me from giving this movie a 1 was the last 30 minutes.I found it somewhat entertaining and interesting as it neared the end but that was the only part.Also I couldn't help but like Pamela Anderson and Denise Richard's characters a little.Even though this movie didn't get any laughs from me it kept my attention.I wouldn't say to completely avoid this movie but there are thousands of better films for you to spend your time and money on than Blonde and Blonder.
critique7451 The whole movie seemed to suffer from poor editing - every scene seemed to take forever to unfold and when they did I felt like I had waited a long time for very little to happen. I guess I missed the whole point of the movie - either that or there wasn't one.
critique7452 Do not waste your time or your money on this movie. My roommate rented it because she thought it was the other movie called Descent (the flick about some travelers who get trapped in a cave). so we decided to watch it anyways thinking it couldn't be that bad. It was. I can't believe this movie was actually produced and put out to the public. It was so horrible it was almost like an accident scene where you want to look away but you just can't make yourself. I honestly feel emotionally scarred. It went from being a semi-low budget movie in which a college girl gets assaulted by a boy she's dating to an all out porno flick. And really not a good one. I went from hating the woman's rapist to almost feeling bad for him. Almost. All in all an awful movie that was definitely rated NC-17 for a reason. Don't waste your money. And don't let your kids watch it.
critique7453 It was only a matter of time that a spoof would be made of sports movies! And there are plenty of movies to be spotted which are made fun off. But the biggest problem I had was the fact that it stays with recognizing movies. The director and writers of "The Comebacks" somehow forget to get creative. While I must admit that I laughed at certain scenes"The Comebacks" could have been so much funnier. The actors forget to deliver their lines seriously and have a straight face throughout the movie. A spoof demands this and that is the main reason why silly jokes work in movies like this. Because of the failure of the cast to do so the jokes never hit their mark. Some scenes take forever and normally in spoofs that doesn't have to be a problem. Take "Naked Gun" for instance. Their is always something happening on screen. In "The Comebacks" they didn't even bother to let stuff happening in the background. Only a couple of factors make this movie worth watching! It still is fun to spot the movies that are made fun off. And Jermaine Williams as Ipod. His parody on Cuba Gooding Jr. as Radio was hilarious! He seemed to be the only one in the cast to get the idea of what a spoof is about. Not entirely bad!
critique7454 The "film" consists of the audition tapes of the "Surrender girls" and some footage from previous films. It's not hot or even suitable for late night viewing on Cinemax. Only an adolescent boy could be interested in Auditions from Beyond. I recommend avoiding this one.
critique7455 In what attempts to be a positive story Dolph Lundgren leads a group of mercenaries to take over a tropical island that looks a lot like paradise so that the men who hired his team can mine it for...bird droppings. Actually the nitrogen gas that exudes from the muck on this island is what they are after.<br /><br />There was only one good thing about this movie -- the island location in which it was filmed was beautiful. Otherwise the story drowns itself leaving the actors with nothing to work with. Result: A lot of violence a lot of language lots of blood and a few shots of women topless. If you want pointless violence (sorry the storyline can't even give the violence a point though it tries) then this is the movie for you.<br /><br />Parents: be warned that this movie is full of violence and blood driving the R rating.
critique7456 I can't believe this movie managed to get such a relatively high rating of 6! It is barely watchable and unbelievably boring certainly one of the worst films I have seen in a long long time.<br /><br />In a no-budget way it reminded me of Star Wars Episodes I and II for the sheer impression that you are watching a total creative train wreck.<br /><br />This film should be avoided at all costs. It's one of those "festival films" that only please the pseudo-intellectuals because they are so badly made those people think it makes it "different" therefore good.<br /><br />Bad film-making is not "different" it's just bad film-making.
critique7457 This is slightly less sickening than the first two films but otherwise it's business as usual: a scuzzy sleazy and unbalanced slice of diseased cinema. Charles Bronson is back blasting into action when his friend is killed by yobs terrorising the neighbourhood. Crime you see is up 11% in the South Belmont area... so what's to be done? A stronger police presence? Tougher jails? Harsher sentences? Nope the only solution is to send in a loose cannon like Bronson to mete out bloodthirsty revenge Ã‚Â– or as the writers would have it justice: this time he's the personal killing machine of police chief Ed Lauter.<br /><br />The writers bend over backwards to make Kersey the hero sending the useless cops into the area only to confiscate a weapon from an elderly resident who keeps it for protection and supplying a scene in which Kersey has his camera stolen and shoots the thief right in the back to applause from the watching crowd. Capital punishment for theft? Well okay. The attitude of everyone in the film is that this is a solution and the dishonest twisting of the characters into ciphers who exist only to cheer Kersey on or back him up is appalling.<br /><br />Sure these villains are scum but shouldn't the film leave the audience to make up its mind rather than slanting the entire thing towards Kersey and his mindless answer? Funnily enough the beleaguered residents don't fear gang reprisals or blame Kersey for any of the violence which is odd as one character is killed precisely because of Kersey's involvement. At the end of the film they all take guns from their sock drawers and gleefully join in with the massacre never stopping to think things through or struggle with the thought of having to kill another human being.<br /><br />The atrociously shallow performances don't help Ã‚Â– Bronson has literally one facial expression throughout and can't even put inflection on the right words. New heights of stupidity are reached here Ã‚Â– a machine gun? A rocket launcher?! Ã‚Â– and new lows of misogyny: the movie contrives to desecrate every female character in sight whether by rape explosion or throat-slashing; and it sets them up in supremely stupid fashion like one victim who ventures into the crime-ridden gang-controlled neighbourhood to ask out a stranger or another who goes shopping alone at night. This is dreck pure and simple mindless garbage put together without style or sense.
critique7458 I remember watching this for the first time in the 80's as a teen. Man I've read the reviews on this trash and I find myself astonished by the voting. This movie does not deserve four stars!!! This movie is NOT better than Topgun. Topgun has its own problems; don't get me wrong. This movie should be banned just for its own stupidity. So many stereotypes so many loop holes so MUCH poor dialog. I cannot think of one redeeming quality of this vomit. This is not action/adventure. This is a bad joke on film. Kinda like watching Plan 9 with stock F-16 footage. This movie not only defies logic and common sense within the context of a military setting it sends a disturbing message. The military is not going to save your dad from the imminent evil of the middle east b*****ds. So go out there and hijack a multi-million dollar weapon and blast him out of the sinister clutches of the backwards Anti-American Arabs. Cuz you can't reason with those animals. This is a Bruckheimer flick without a budget. Bland direction weak acting lame music idiotic plot equals...Iron Eagle.
critique7459 This is one of the most ridiculous westerns that Hollywood ever made. Gary Cooper plays 'Reb Hollister' a former confederate officer wanted by the law. He meets up with a moron named Weatherby played by Leif Erickson who is a U.S. Marshal with no knowledge of firearms. Weatherby is on his way to Dallas to see his fiancee Tonia Robles played by Ruth Roman. Senor Robles Tonia's father has plenty of men but they can't seem to be able to keep an eye on his cattle which are regularly rustled by the Marlow brothers. Will Marlow played by Raymond Massey has financed the loan on the Robles estate making things completely absurd. He even has the power to call for mortgage payments before they're due simply because he feels like it.<br /><br />Since Weatherby is a Boston boy who can't fight since he only became a Marshal so he could visit his fiancee Tonia (Just another instance of more plot nonsense. Are we to assume that you only have to pass a written test to get this job? Wait a minute this guy couldn't pass the written test either.) he switches identities with Reb Hollister who of course is an expert gunman. Reb takes the liberty of greeting Weatherby's girl with a passionate kiss while Weatherby looks on like an idiot. Gary Cooper Hollywood's number one stud is in fine form here as Reb. Before the movie's done not only does he take Weatherby's job he steals his fiancee also and Ruth Roman as Tonia falls for him so hard and so fast that she gives chump Leif Erickson the brush-off before the films little more than half over.<br /><br />There isn't a shred of plot credibility in the whole film so despite the good cast and lush photography the film is a dud. And Cooper's character is a complete heel to boot. The film also stars Barbara Payton as Brant Marlow's girl a beautiful and talented actress who squandered away her chances unfortunately by making too many headlines for the wrong reasons. I strongly suggest you pass this one up.
critique7460 One of the lamer wedding movies you'll see. Smacks too too much of its time period so it was out of date before it hit the theaters. The ethnic stereotypes are like a Henny Youngman joke except they just aint in the least bit funny here. Molly Ringwald well what else needs to be said. Give you a clue to the silliness she destroys a $10000 wedding dress because "It just won't be me" makes it into this rag with straps and puts on a top hat and everyone smiles cutely at her moxy rather than ringwalding her neck. Its a helluva a cast too check out how heavy Ally Sheedy is. Wheeeew!
critique7461 This movie stunk. There is not much more to it. The final fight looked like Walker taking on my grandmother not some supernatural demon with the strength of ten men. I found the commercials more interesting. The plot twists and jokes could be seen coming a mile away. The only redeeming quality of this film was that it ended. Avoid this at all costs...unless you enjoy bad Chuck Norris movies.
critique7462 Maybe I saw a cleaned up version but other than a few flashes of breasts I'm not sure what over the top nudity these other commenters are referring to.<br /><br />All in all not as bad as I was expecting by the previous comments although the end leaves you wondering ... WTF? It was dark but not so much that you couldn't make out the scenes and I think it just added to the creepiness and the terror of the situation.<br /><br />Film quality could have been better but the acting was pretty decent.<br /><br />All in all a decently creepy (and yes brutal) movie with a disappointing ending.
critique7463 The Bat People is a proud resident of the IMDb Bottom 100. Every once and a while the movie suddenly vanishes from the infamous list depending on whether there are new movies with Paris Hilton in the lead or documentaries about American Idol stars but it always reliably returns sooner or later. And why? Because unlike the majority of crap in that list "The Bat People" is a legitimate bad film and it deserves to be on there regardless of any media influences or internet buzz! This nearly isn't the worst film ever made since the basic concept definitely has a certain charm and ingenuity but it's still indescribably difficult to sit through the whole thing. The script is incredibly boring with absolutely unnecessary padding footage and gigantic gaps in continuity and yet the main characters still remain total strangers throughout the entire film. Other than a sensible screenplay the film also lacks spectacular killing sequences and the make-up effects Ã‚Â– although courtesy of a young Stan Winston Ã‚Â– are ludicrously inept and remain largely unseen until the end of the film. The film's title is inaccurate as "people" refers to a number in plural whereas the story actually just revolves on one Bat Person. Much more than Bruce Wayne the real Batman plays in this movie and he as well has a genuine Bat-cave and a Bat-mobile (a stolen ambulance)! The plot introduces a young couple on their honeymoon-weekend exploring caves. They wander off from a guided tour group and he gets bitten by a bat whilst trying to protect his wife from the animal's vicious attack. Worried that he might be infected with rabies he undergoes an intense treatment at the local hospital but still this doesn't prevent him from slowly transforming into a bloodthirsty bat creature. He kills random people at night and toys around with the suspicious police sergeant whilst his loving wife is still vastly convinced the awkward behavior is exclusively due to allergic reactions to the rabies treatment. Sure honey! The script never explains why a bat would attack people and how come John always changes back into a normal human being at the dawn of a new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent state of bat-guano. So basically "The Bat People" is a variation on the good old werewolf-theme but obviously not a very interesting one. The concept showed a lot of potential but somehow the sub plots center on whiny drunks and perverted Sheriffs instead of on ghastly monsters. Some of the settings and exterior filming locations look impressive the misfit song playing during the credits is strangely catchy there's a nice bit of gore during the climax (finally!) and main actress Marianne McAndrew is ravishing to look at (though not to listen to). This truly bad and boring film's current listing in the bottom 100 is spot number 80 and personally I hope it sticks somewhere in that region. The list simply wouldn't feel and traditional without "The Bat People".
critique7464 As long as you can suffer it! If you like watching people waking up getting up getting dressed having a shower preparing dinner watching each other having sex in the dark then going back to bed to sleep... if you like tacky flats narrow bedrooms and kitchens long minutes of silence.... if you like getting bored for two hours feeling the thrill of "real intimate false art" then you will like it. But if you don't just try to see a good movie there are thousands. "As long as you are here" but do we want to stay? This German movie got the award of the Torino gay film festival: Italian journalists still don't understand why the jury took such a bad decision as the festival presented lot of talented movies. Maybe to be nice with a German as they don't often get awards? Well "The Lives of Others" did... but this one is excellent but not gay. So maybe it is a question of fashion. Germans are they "in" again? No matter what? Or maybe only for a hustler's glance of some directors?
critique7465 Heavily re-edited and often confusing the original screen version of Man On Fire was at least ten years out of date when it was made and the passing years haven't made it any better. This is the kind of movie that producers with too much money and too little experience make to get attention and everyone else does just to pay off their outstanding alimony or their drug dealer with Scott Glenn's bodyguard going out on a limb to rescue his 12-year-old charge the kidnapped daughter of a wealthy Italian family. An interesting cast - Joe Pesci Brooke Adams Danny Aiello Jonathan Pryce - have all done better the action is sluggish and sparse and only John Scott's exceptionally fine score (part of which turned up in the last reel of Die Hard) makes a positive impression. One case where the remake (made by Tony Scott the original choice of director for this version) is an improvement.
critique7466 No scenario bad actors (poor Melissa Gilbert)... Beurk Beurk Beurk ...<br /><br />Give a such budget to make this... In Belgium we make ten films which win all prices in Cannes with this.<br /><br />Last time that I've seen a such NULL-Film was Hypercube. But scenario was better.<br /><br />Is anyone knows if the director was a graduate in school-film or a cop ?<br /><br />The better things in this film was the word "End".<br /><br />Why authorize to sell this ? 1ÃƒÂ§ is to expensive. <br /><br />I've pay ten dollars to buy this.<br /><br />For me pay for this was my BIG MISTAKE of millennium.<br /><br />Too bad.<br /><br />Next time I'll break my arm but buy this type of sh*t.
critique7467 Rock star John Norman Howard (Kris Kristofferson) turns lounge singer Esther Hoffman (Barbra Streisand) into an overnight singing star. Esther's star rises while John's goes into decline thanks to drugs and alcohol. After about two hours John does the self-destructive-red-converible-160-MPH-crack-up-on-a-desert-highway thing. The best thing about this movie is the music especially the song "Evergreen." Barbra Streisand sings well but you can't take her seriously as an up-and-coming star when she is *already* a star. The very first time she appears singing in a back alley bar she looks like an established singing star who is slumming for the night not like a struggling unknown who is trying to launch her singing career. She is too confident too professional. Her apartment looks like a page out of "Apartment Living" not some hole-in-the-wall apartment where a real struggling singer would live.<br /><br />Kris Kristofferson handles the self-centered out-of-control rock star role like...well like a singer who is trying to be an actor but doesn't have much acting talent. The direction is tepid the story is slow and dull.<br /><br />But the worst thing about this movie is not the acting or the lame direction or the slow story. It's the hair! After staring at Kristofferson's and Streisand's awful 70's hairdos for 2+ hours your eyes hurt.
critique7468 Imagine the worst thing that could ever possibly be conceived by human intellect. Now imagine something infinitely darker - I mean worse than that. Then multiply that by the quantity of the suckiness possessed by the Star Wars Holiday Special. This movie is by far worse than that.<br /><br />"Dracula 3000: Infinite Darkness" starring such illustrious and reputable actors such as Coolio and Langley Kirkwood (as the film's "horrifying antagonist" Count ORLOCK) is equatable to eating one's own feces exclusively for one's entire life condensed into approximately one hour and twenty minutes. To be frank there is no way to approach a review of this cinematic tragedy - riddled with Communist propaganda promotion of drug use futuristic anachronisms and quite possibly the worst special effects since the (original) "War of the Worlds".<br /><br />The hammer and the sickle of the Soviet Union can be seen proudly displayed throughout the dingy sets they dare call a spaceship. Lenin can be observed on several posters throughout the "film". And of course religion has been abolished for two centuries by then. So they don't know who this "God" is even though they have no reservations about using His name in vain. But of course in the Socialist Republic of space (presided over by interstellar President Baker) death-stick like drugs are legalized and quite common. Yet handicap mobility seems even worse off than it is today (they don't even have a wheelchair ramp).<br /><br />Racial tension still festers throughout the galaxy in quite a familiar/predictable fashion. We receive great commentary on ethnic division through lines such as "is Dracula a brotha?" "us brothas gotta stick together" and "once you go black you don't go back." Speaking of the token black characters one is played by Coolio. Playing a stereotypical stoner Coolio becomes possibly the most annoying and ridiculous vampire ever. Oh wait SECOND most ridiculous vampire ever. That prized title goes to our friend COUNT ORLOCK from PLANET TRANSYLVANIA in the CARPATHIAN SYSTEM. These two make quite a pair between Coolio's attempts to cripple a paraplegic strange attempts at making high-pitched animal noises a hairstyle 1004 years old and GIGANTIC stretches of completely worthless dialogue; and Count Orlock's twenty dollar generic Halloween-style vampire costume exploding coffins or confusingly inane back story.<br /><br />One wonders if they did not simply give Coolio the opportunity to get "as high as a kite in space without gravity" let him interact with the other "actors" and just went from there.<br /><br />Count Orlock's motivations are also somewhat in question. Does he want "infinite darkness" as the film's subtitle would have you believe? Does he want to eat the crew? Or does he want *Coolio* to "kill them all"? Or does he desire to give handicapped people a chance in such an inhospitably future? It doesn't really matter because none of this film's plot makes sense anyways.<br /><br />The highlight of this movie has to be it's ending. More for the fact that it means the movie is over than by any merit of the abrupt trainwreck of a climax they phone in before the credits. Instead of facing Count Orlock off in some sort of duel (the closest we get is a shot of Orlock flailing around at breakneck speeds in front of our protagonist who dies shortly afterwards) our heroes beat him by cutting off his arm in an ordinary door. Orlock then proceeds to collapse screeching in pain at a totally mundane yet understandably painful injury. This is by far the most fun you'll get from this movie. Watching a vampire's contorted face as he cries in pain will have you on the edge of your seat - with laughter. Almost worth the four bucks for that alone. Of course right after that we're treated with one of the film's worst one-liners the mandatory allusion to sex and perhaps the most ABRUPT EXCUSE FOR AN ENDING *EVER*. They're driving into the sun and their ship literally just blows up before they even come remotely close to impact. I think they just outdid the Wachowski bros. for the worst finale ever.<br /><br />I can only sleep at night because we know that a sequel is impossible. Secure in this fact we can safely say that this is the WORST MOVIE EVER CREATED and one which will never be exceeded in low quality lower budget and lower-est acting talent.
critique7469 There's a good movie lurking here but this isn't it. The basic idea is good: to explore the moral issues that would face a group of young survivors of the apocalypse. But the logic is so muddled that it's impossible to get involved.<br /><br />For example our four heroes are (understandably) paranoid about catching the mysterious airborne contagion that's wiped out virtually all of mankind. Yet they wear surgical masks some times not others. Some times they're fanatical about wiping down with bleach any area touched by an infected person. Other times they seem completely unconcerned.<br /><br />Worse after apparently surviving some weeks or months in this new kill-or-be-killed world these people constantly behave like total newbs. They don't bother accumulating proper equipment or food. They're forever running out of fuel in the middle of nowhere. They don't take elementary precautions when meeting strangers. And after wading through the rotting corpses of the entire human race they're as squeamish as sheltered debutantes. You have to constantly wonder how they could have survived this long... and even if they did why anyone would want to make a movie about them.<br /><br />So when these dweebs stop to agonize over the moral dimensions of their actions it's impossible to take their soul-searching seriously. Their actions would first have to make some kind of minimal sense.<br /><br />On top of all this we must contend with the dubious acting abilities of Chris Pine. His portrayal of an arrogant young James T Kirk might have seemed shrewd when viewed in isolation. But in Carriers he plays on exactly that same note: arrogant and boneheaded. It's impossible not to suspect that this constitutes his entire dramatic range.<br /><br />On the positive side the film *looks* excellent. It's got an over-sharp saturated look that really suits the southwestern US locale. But that can't save the truly feeble writing nor the paper-thin (and annoying) characters. Even if you're a fan of the end-of-the-world genre you should save yourself the agony of watching Carriers.
critique7470 Alone in The Dark is one of my favorite role-playing-games of all time. I remember spending whole nights facing the PC screen trying to escape that mansion and actually being startled at times when monsters came surprisingly charging in. Now mind you - I am weary of "computer-game-generated" movies. I don't remember a single success story in this new Hollywood genre although some are entertaining enough to be watchable. And yet I am such a big fan of the game that I couldn't resist. My rationale was that if the movie had a plot that so much as resembled the game's it would be OK. <br /><br />Man those were 90 minutes (which seemed like 300) of my life that I'll never get back. If I had that chance I would have gladly spent them rearranging my sock drawer instead. This isn't even in the "so bad it's funny" category. You would think even Christian Slater had a bit more sense than joining this stink bomb. Now Tara Reid... I'm not complaining about her presence. However if the purpose of putting this chick in a starring role is to have a sex scene - which I totally understand and support (hey I'm a guy!) - I've seen more of her body on press conferences.<br /><br />There is no plot to speak of. Won't waste your time pitching it to you. The credibility of the story sinks below 'I did not have sex with Ms. Lewinski'. The acting is but a few notches above 'Street Fighter' which by the way being one of the worst movies I've seen I would recommend OVER this one.<br /><br />Kids I recommend the Video Game. It has far better story acting and much more thrills. As for the movie here's a spoiler - it STINKS! Wait for the porno version.
critique7471 The DVD sleeve explains the premise: "Three problem teens are headed for jail" and are "set to do time until Captain Greer offers them a deal to work for him - undercover." The film opens with definitions of the words "Mod" and "Squad" so you won't have to look them up in the dictionary. For a visual definition of "Cool" search for photographs of the original threesome: Michael Cole (as Pete Cochran) Clarence Williams III (as Linc Hayes) and Peggy Lipton (as Julie Barnes). <br /><br />One black. One white. One blonde. Once they defined cool.<br /><br />The three who make up Scott Silver's version of Aaron Spelling's "The Mod Squad" are twentysomethings: Claire Danes (as Julie Barnes) Giovanni Ribisi (as Pete Cochran) and Omar Epps (as Linc Hayes). They aren't able to do much with the material given. Mr. Ribisi's portrayal is the most "far out" meaning he digresses most from the original characterization. Ms. Danes romances Josh Brolin (as Billy Waites) who looks like he could be in a re-make of "Marcus Welby MD". You won't believe hefty Michael Lerner dancing with Mr. Epps' "Linc". He explains "I'm not a fairy I just like to dance!" and requests "Spin me!" <br /><br />*** The Mod Squad (1999) Scott Silver ~ Claire Danes Giovanni Ribisi Omar Epps
critique7472 Only a very small child could overlook the absurdities in this bomb; the first difficulty faced by the submarine "Seaview" is what appear to be chunks of--rock? falling down through the water and crashing into its hull. But it's not rock they're under the North Pole--it is ICE! Everybody except possibly hitherto mentioned small children (and even some of them) know that ICE FLOATS.<br /><br />Then disaster strikes--that darn VAN ALLEN RADIATION BELT around the Earth catches fire! No one knows how this happened we are told which is understandable because it is utterly impossible for radiation to "catch fire" and even if it could there is NO AIR IN SPACE for it to burn.<br /><br />There is literally no good reason to overlook science concepts basic to 2nd grade school textbooks when making a film; however Irwin Allen manages to do it again and again; perhaps we are meant to focus on the "people" instead which is pretty easy as they are CARDBOARD.<br /><br />The cast tries very hard not to look embarrassed in this ridiculous sub-kiddie romp much like later episodes of his "Lost in Space" TV series the concept of which was swiped outright from writer Ib Melchior and then rushed into production.<br /><br />The sub looks pretty good though which is why this one gets a "2".
critique7473 This movie is possibly the cheapest cheesiest and poorest sequel ever made.<br /><br />Yet it is the funniest and most idiotic movie by Disney and will guarantee laughs at the sappy stories and lame plots from start to finish.<br /><br />It's a group of short stories that seem like bad fanfictions.<br /><br />*SPOILER ALERT* The first one's all about Beast and Belle being petty over a pathetic argument. Then three loser new characters decide to patch things up by forging a letter of forgiveness to give to Belle. Part way through this little episode Belle has wall eyes which made my siblings and I laugh so hard. Then she and the Beast fight more over the letter... and later learn the meaning of forgiveness. How old are they??? Certainly old enough to know the meaning of forgiveness.<br /><br />Then the next one's all about Lumiere being the world's biggest dope when it comes to romance. This coming from the man who could woo anything female. And they make FiFi a psychotic villainess who tries to kill Belle and winds up getting off scotch-free by the end of it. What a message to send the kids!<br /><br />Then the next one's all about Mrs. Potts being angsty. And the next one after that's all about Beast becoming overly possessive of a bird to the point where he just seems downright silly.<br /><br />The animation's so ugly it kills. There are at least 100 mistakes you can plainly see... and the coloring is awful.<br /><br />Belle's a simpering sap who blubbers whenever something goes wrong. Plus she's petty and very different from the usual Belle.<br /><br />And the side characters are annoying... (I mean Cogsworth and Lumiere fight almost all the time. I know they did that in the movie but it was overdone in this.)<br /><br />But the worst character is Mrs. Potts. She's ruined in this. I can't even describe it. Just buy it and see for yourself.<br /><br />I give it a 1/10 for the sap but I give it a 10/10 for comedy.
critique7474 Washington Square is a flat shabby adaptation of the short novel by Henry James. Indeed the novel is very good but far from the level of James' masterpieces. Moreover its simple eventless story seems unsuited to make it into a film (although William Wyler with his "The Heiress" gave in 1949 a beautiful version of the novel). <br /><br />Anyway the movie completely betrays the spirit of this work of the great American writer. In the novel the heroine Catherine is shy not very attractive and somewhat clumsy but nonetheless she is a sound intelligent young woman and she's not as naive as it may seem. Her attachment for her father is dignified and respectful with no morbid sides in it. Along three quarters of the movie Catherine (Jennifer Jason Leigh) just seems to be mentally retarded poor thing. In the last quarter she suddenly (and incredibly) becomes intelligent aware of her dignity as a woman and all that.<br /><br />The director Agnieszka Holland has added two vulgar scenes to the story. The first when the nervous child Catherine has well troubles with her vesica. The second scene when we see on the background a sort of open-air brothel with prostitutes taking their customers behind tents and so on. Nothing could be more contrary to the spirit and artistic ideals of Henry James. It is notorious that the writer was extremely decent and demure even for the standards of the Victorian age. I defy anyone to find any coarseness anywhere in the thousands of pages of James' huge literary production. I really was particularly annoyed by these two scenes.<br /><br />Yes I know that a director needs reasonable freedom in the screen adaptation of a novel. But if a director utterly ignores or misunderstands the art of an author (here Henry James) I don't see the point of using his work to make a bad movie. <br /><br />The acting is adequate to the movie: poor and flat in spite of the talent of Albert Finney and Maggie Smith. "Washington Square" is definitely a non-recommendable film.
critique7475 Ned Kelly (Ledger) the infamous Australian outlaw and legend. Sort of like Robin Hood with a mix of Billy the Kid Australians love the legend of how he stood up against the English aristocratic oppression and united the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes of the time were around 70% immigrant criminals seems to be casually skimmed around by this film. Indeed quite a few so called `facts' in this film are on reflection a tad dubious.<br /><br />I suppose the suspicions should have been aroused when in the opening credits it was claimed that this film is based upon the book `Our Sunshine'. If ever a romanticized version of truth could be seen in a name for a book there it was. This wasn't going to be a historical epic but just an adaptation of one of many dubious legends of Ned Kelly albeit a harsh and sporadically brutal version.<br /><br />Unfortunately Ned Kelly is nothing more than an overblown Hallmark channel `real life historical drama' wannabe! The story plods along at an alarming rate (alarming because never has a film plodded so slowly!) The feeling of numbness after the two hours of pure drivel brought back memories of Costner's awful Wyatt Earp all those years ago. Simply put nothing happens in the film but it takes a long time getting to that nothing. This would possibly have been a tad more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction sure as heck wasn't). However unless you are looking to play a game of spot the worst Oirish accent then you're gonna be disappointed. Between that the game of `Who has the stupidest beard?' `Spot the obvious backstabber!' (clue they are all ginger for some reason) and `Nature in Australia.including lions' it is an experience similar to flicking through Hallmark The History Channel Discovery Channel and Neighbours whilst suffering a huge hangover. Yup nature pops up a lot as to fill even more time (possibly an attempt to look arty) the film keeps showing pointless wildlife shots and once all the native species are shown here's a circus to allow for a camel and a lion (which is used during one fight to try to make us actually feel more sorry for the lion than the massacred people).<br /><br />This is a turgid emotionless piece of historical fluff which should have gone straight to TV. There isn't even one good word I can say about this film. Even the usually fantastic Rush seems embarrassed to be here. When one of the characters comments that there is only 2 bullets left for him and his pal I myself was wishing I had a gun to blow any memory of this film out of my head!
critique7476 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** From its very opening credits this fantastic movie sets the record straight: it's an instant classic. It doesn't take long to realize that this movie is big bigger than `Kindergarten Cop' or `Police Academy 7.' The sheer greatness of it left me speechless as I walked out of the movie theater and proceeded right back to the ticket counter to purchase myself another dozen of tickets.<br /><br />This is a movie that simply requires multiple viewings. The first watching will surely leave you with that strange `Huh?' feeling but don't feel embarrassed - it happens to the best of us. The story is so diabolically clever that one has to wonder about the mortality of its authors. What seems to be a simple story of an idiot infiltrating the FBI turns out to be an allegorical story that works on several levels and teaches us all about the really important things in life. The complexity of the plot structure will baffle you on your first viewing but don't give up! Not until my sixth or seventh viewing did I only begin to unravel some of the hidden mysteries of `Corky Romano.' And watch out for the unexpected twist at the end otherwise you might be caught completely off guard when it is revealed that FBI agent Brick Davis is FBI's most-wanted criminal Corky is not a real FBI agent Pops Romano is innocent Peter Romano admits he's illiterate and Paulie Romano comes out of the closet as a homosexual. Surprised the hell out of me I can tell you that much.<br /><br />Chris Kattan's comedic talents are unmatched as he leads his character Corky Romano through a maze of totally unpredictable situations. Reminiscent of John Reynolds' performance in `Manos the Hands of Fate' Kattan takes on innumerable multiple personalities and tackles all scenes with perfect comedic timing. However Kattan is not just about comedy. He is a master of drama as well as he controls the audience's feelings with the slightest moves of his face. His facial expressions reflect life itself in a way. For example in the scene in which he farts into his brothers' faces you can see the expression of social injustice and alienation clearly reflected on his anguished face. At a moment like that it's hard to find a dry eye in the house.<br /><br />Screenwriters David Garret and Jason Ward are the real heroes of `Corky Romano.' With a story of such proportions it's easy to understand why two experienced writers had to be employed to complete this ambitious project. Their skillful storytelling and unorthodox structuring makes `Pulp Fiction' look like a mediocre Saturday Night Live skit. Garret and Ward's story is so compelling and alluring that it grips you by your hair swallows you entirely shakes you around and spits you right out. At the end of the out-of-this-world experience known as `Corky Romano' you find yourself a different person with different worldviews and different ideas and with only one question on your mind:<br /><br />Why God? Why?!?
critique7477 How can this movie be described? Oh yeah I've got it wretched!!!<br /><br />I'm not big on chop socky but this is just plain garbage. Anyone who would waste their money to pay to see it is just too sad for words.
critique7478 This film was choppy incoherent and contrived. It was also an extremely mean-spirited portrayal of women. I rented it because it was listed as a comedy (that's a stretch) and because the cover said Andie McDowell was acting up a storm in it. She wasn't. I'm a gal I watched this film with two guys and we spent an hour afterwards exclaiming over how bad it was.<br /><br />WARNING: PLOT SUMMARY BELOW! RAMPANT SPOILERS!<br /><br />The movie starts out with a fairly hackneyed plot about an older woman who takes up with a younger man to the severe disapproval of her two jealous single girlfriends. They want her to marry a boring guy their own age who is kind of in love with her. But she's so happy with her oversexed puppy that you're rooting for them to stick it out and sure enough she decides to marry the guy. But her harpy girlfriend aided by the wishy-washy one sets up a plot to trick our heroine into thinking the guy is cheating on her. It works. She has a fight with him he runs out of the house and is crushed by a truck (Remember the movie's title?) So now he's dead two-thirds of the way through the film. And although our heroine is a school headmistress who spends her time watching over girls she apparently forgot to use birth control and is pregnant.<br /><br />She's already broken off relations with her girlfriends because they were so unsupportive. Alone and pitiful she decides to marry the boring guy. Did I mention that the boring guy who kind of loves her is a minister? She had asked him to marry her to the young guy (nice huh?) but now she tells him she'll marry him and apparently he has no objections to being dicked around in this fashion. But her girlfriends rescue her at the altar and take her home where they not-quite-confess that they were mostly responsible for the love of her life getting smushed. She has the kid. In the final scene they leave it in a crib inside her house while they go out on the porch to drink smoke and be smug. I kid you not it's that bad. I left out the part about the cancer red-herring and the harpy's ridiculous lesbian moment.
critique7479 DOC SAVAGE: THE MAN OF BRONZE (1 outta 5 stars)<br /><br />Dreadful dreadful movie... based on the pulp magazine/paperback series by Lester Dent/Kenneth Robeson... about a super-heroic adventure hero in the '30s and his five assistants all experts in some field of endeavor that allows them to combat evil. It was a pretty hokey series... but kinda fun to read when I was a teenager. I knew they made a movie version in the '70s starring Ron (Tarzan) Ely... but I never got a chance to see it. It never played in theaters where I lived and was never shown on TV. Now that I have finally seen the film I can understand why. The plot and characters are never treated seriously... it's all kind of tongue-in-cheek and campy... kind of like the old Batman TV series... only without the benefit of being funny... or having any visual flair. Corny dialogue cheesy special effects dumb stereotypes crummy action scenes and bad bad acting. Actually I find it kind of fascinating in its badness... what could they have possibly been thinking? Arnold Schwarzenegger was rumoured to be starring in a modern-day remake... but I don't imagine that would have turned out to be much better.
critique7480 Oh Dear Jerry may be the undisputed king of talkshow but the movies are a whole different ball game and he's way out of his league. The script for this film is so poor it has to be seen to be believed and its sad to see such vaguely familiar actors as Michael Dudikoff (80's action Ã‚Â‘B'movie king) Michael Jai White (Last seen in the Sci Fi flop Ã‚Â‘Spawn') as well as Surviving the Games' William MacNamara (who is involved in the only half funny situation in the whole film!) stoop this low for employment. If you are a fan of Jerry then stick to his TV show as this is a total waste of and hour and a half. After I had finished sitting through this I managed to catch the last half an hour of Rocky 5 on TV which looked like a cinematic masterpiece in comparison I think that says more than enough!!!<br /><br />
critique7481 With Al Jolson at the height of his popularity and Warner Brothers's the Jazz Singer having been the highest grossing film of 1927 it was inevitable that the other studios would churn out a few vehicles for their own Jolson-esquire characters. But while the Jazz Singer was a sensation for its being the first part-talkie the MatinÃƒÂ©e Idol lacks the singing voice of its star (the now obscure Johnnie Walker) and has to make do with just his visual antics.<br /><br />The MatinÃƒÂ©e Idol was an early directorial assignment for the renowned Frank Capra. Capra's first couple of full-length features for Harry Langdon reveal a very showy excessive style which made Langdon's already mediocre slapstick almost unwatchable. A couple of pictures later and Capra has learnt to ease off a bit with some fairly regular and decent camera-work. However he still shows no aptitude for shooting physical comedy. The longest comic routine - the stage performance - seems to have a few good gags but it's all cut up into lots of different camera angles and there is no chance for the comedy to flow naturally from the performances. Theoretically a good portion of the jokes are in the intertitles but there are far too many of these and none of them is especially funny.<br /><br />Of course Capra would eventually mature into a fine dramatic and romantic director and you can see him beginning to develop in this respect. He cuts down the line closing in on Walker and Bessie love in the scene where she first lays eyes on him in his Don Wilson get up neatly establishing the wordless connection between them. Then there is some beautiful and tender framing of the couple in their scene together at the masquerade which is all very reminiscent of the love scenes in Capra's early 30s output.<br /><br />Johnnie Walker Columbia's answer to Al Jolson is not an exceptional talent. His comic timing is good but there is nothing to make him stand out. Bessie Love on the other hand is a pretty good actress too with a very expressive face. Kudos to her for getting involved with the physical comedy and losing her dignity with the boys. There's also a good role for Lionel Belmore that rotund and jolly character actor who seems to turn up in absolutely everything in the late 20s and early 30s.<br /><br />The MatinÃƒÂ©e Idol is one of those pictures that has gained more than its fair share of attention thanks to its director later having made a handful of masterpieces. In and of itself it is a very uninteresting piece and like most of Capra's work before he met Robert Riskin a disappointment.
critique7482 I picked up this movie in the hope it would be similar to the hilarious "The Gamers" by Dead Gentlemen Productions (which is highly recommendable by the way). Boy what a disappointment! The movie is shot in this fake documentary style made famous by the office but it fails to deliver. The reason is partly the stiff acting but mostly the writing and directing. True it can be funny to use every singe clichÃƒÂ© there is about role playing games but here it is done in such a way that it becomes extremely predictable. Already at the beginning of each scene you know what the "joke" will be about. But maybe the biggest problem is that everything is depicted way over the top. There is no subtlety in this movie if there would be captions "LAUGH NOW" or a cheap 80s-style fake-laughter track it would not make much difference. With some scenes you can't help to think "Yea I get why they thought this would be funny" but the way it is executed takes all momentum out of the possible joke.
critique7483 Anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics. Everyone says STAR WARS and STAR TREK are the best science fiction films to begin at which is fine but the truth is THE TERMINATOR and this movie SOYLENT GREEN are far better choices than those series. SOYLENT is probably science fiction 's best kept secret. It remains one of the biggest yet most forgotten films but the impact of its setting is becoming more a reality with each passing day. Charlton Heston overdramatizes his role yet it works. Edward G. Robinson in his final role makes the most out of it in SOYLENT GREEN more than anyone else and his final scenes are touching.<br /><br />It is Manhattan in 2022 the world is overcrowded and food is an unbelievable fortune (a small jar of strawberry jam costs $150). A big executive for the Soylent company is murdered and police detective Thorn is on the case.<br /><br />The secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie. SOYLENT is enjoyable to watch but the whole screenplay is a joke. It is just as cheap as the entire production. The screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie yet were completely hilarious. Everyone seems to be a moron and no one knows the rules specifically cop Thorn who likes to just waltz into people 's apartments peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants. The character 's interactions keeps your attention on the movie but still you realize that SOYLENT GREEN sucks. An enjoyable piece if you have the time but do not expect anything more.
critique7484 Over the last 20 years the majority of British films are about how horribly poverty stricken the UK is and how our youth doesn't stand a chance of a good life whilst they live on the mean streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of 'broken Britain'. Trainspotting This is England Kidulthood Football Factory Kes and From London to Brighton.<br /><br />Bullet Boy is just another British movie added to that list. The main character expresses a desire to go straight yet he still insists on hanging around with dead beats who carry guns and fight with gang members over nothing. I was never convinced that he did want to go straight as there was nothing stopping him pursuing an education or a trade. In fact it would have been a breath of fresh air if he had of gone straight and we had a character who turned his life around. Instead he spends his time helping his friend trying to commit murder. I felt no sympathy when he is predictably shot by another teen at the end of the film which is sad because at the beginning of the film I really liked the entire family and their desire for success. I believe the makers missed a great chance to show the world that success belongs to those who are willing to really strive for it (like the Pursuit of Happiness). <br /><br />I know the purpose of this film was to try and paint a realistic picture of what life is like for black teens living in working class areas of Britain but don't we already have enough films in the UK with that very same plot? Isn't it time these talented producers and writers give Britains youth something to aspire to and show them a better life is just around the corner?<br /><br />I applaud the makers of Bullet Boy for not loading the film full of mindless violence in order to try and get success through shock factors (like Kidulthood Football Factory) but at the same time this movie offers nothing new to a long list of British films that are effectively dull and depressing to watch. There is no happy ending to this movie or any of the others I have mentioned.
critique7485 1st watched 6/18/2009 Ã‚Â– 2 out of 10 (Dir- Pete Riski): Weird psychotic movie about a girl with autism who is being tested in a hospital the power flickers and then all hell breaks loose. I'm honestly not sure what the intentions were of the filmmakers on this one. What we get for the next 1 hour and a half(at least it wasn't longer) was a twisted horror/twilight zone/zombiefest/ghost movie that really ended up making no sense at all even to the very end. Initially after the power goes out everyone is missing in the hospital except for a small group of misfits including the girl and his father. There is the typical annoying character a creepy old man and the typical tough guy similar to many scarefests and of course the young girl the main character gets attracted to. Random stuff starts happening at various times like ghosts and monsters appearing a hinting that time has stopped and dead people as this small group try to escape whatever they're in. Of course the autistic girl is the center of everything somehow and I really hate how they used this girl's affliction and insinuated that she was the cause and to place it in a hospital where people are cared for is really lame. We never really find out the answer to what was going onÃ‚Â…which is very strange so please avoid this dog. Unless you want to be creeped out and confused for one hour and a half this is not for you or any moviegoer. What a waste of timeÃ‚Â…really!!
critique7486 Two qualifiers right up front: I actually think Joe Don Baker can be good or even great with the right material and the right director (the "Cape Fear" remake a small role in "Goldeneye" "Walking Tall"). And I even liked Baker in "Mitchell" because he was playing an anti-hero who was SUPPOSED to be unlikeable. Yes MST3K's coverage was hilarious but they took a lot of cheap shots at Baker - that he didn't deserve - to keep things lively and entertaining - he was appropriate to the level and tone of the movie and he was the best part of the movie.<br /><br />"Final Justice" seems to be more of the same but in spite of the exotic locations and the "cowboy frontier justice" theme it is quite a bit weaker than "Mitchell". And the main reason is that Baker's character as written is an idiot. The movie has the conceit that because Baker embodies old style frontier machismo he challenges his opponents to old style mano-a-mano quick-draw contests. And because he's so tough and macho he always wins even when he's hurt wounded outnumbered etc.<br /><br />That's a conceit with a lot of potential (it worked for Gary Cooper) even if it condemns the film to "B" movie status. But Baker is so frigging stupid and obsessive that he needlessly challenges three of the bad guy's henchman to a showdown in a public market with civilians all over the place. He COULD have simply shadowed them to the chief bad guy's headquarters (which was why he was following them in the first place) and they never would have noticed. Or he could have gotten the drop on them and forced them to surrender and gotten one of the henchmen to take him to headquarters at gun point. But no he has to be a bush league hot dog and a macho blockhead and so he gets a child taken as a hostage in the ensuing shootout! <br /><br />This is a guy we are supposed to admire? <br /><br />The whole movie is basically like this. Most of the supporting actors are somewhere between OK (the henchmen) to pretty good (the chief bad guy and his father who are two well known European actors - they just go through the motions but they are pros and even hamming it up they are decent). But through it all Baker's character pulls silly  unproductive stunts and mistakes that get at least two relatively innocent people killed plus a couple of bad guys who might have been taken alive without the use of deadly force.<br /><br />On the positive side since 90% of the movie is set on Malta or in the Mediterranean you get to see lots of pretty scenery and lots of nice and exotic looking extras. And really Baker himself may be on the heavy side and slightly dyspeptic but he isn't that bad...certainly not the tub o' lard that this films critics (including Mike and the Bots in their hilarious coverage) seem to think.<br /><br />In short this movie is good for video wallpaper but the viewer should not pay any attention to it.
critique7487 This is one dreary inert self-important bore. When the only thing that suddenly gives a film life is a hanging you know the venture is botched. Philip Seymour Hoffman plays Truman Capote as a narcissistic tic-ridden self-indulgent cartoon-voiced insect-like caricature. Why he is this way is never explained and we get scant background information. The script focuses on Capote's writing of 'In Cold Blood' and his attachment to the damaged brothers who murdered a family of four. The acclaimed writer of 'To Kill A Mockingbird' Harper Lee (Catherine Keener) accompanies Capote in his initial inquires into the crime and her presence immediately suggests a far more interesting subject for a biopic. Unfortunately Lee is quickly sidelined in favor of endless scenes of Capote bemoaning his pained existence. Watching him is like watching Dr. Smith from 'Lost in Space' complain about his "delicate back" to anybody who will listen for two hours. The difference however is that Smith was fun to watch while Capote is not. The film's precious self-importance kills it as does director Bennett Miller's reluctance to add any kind of shading. Like the morose piano score the film is a one note wonder providing no contrast no emotional coloring and no intimate drama. If Capote really was this irritating why make a film about him and expect audiences to watch it? Though the supporting roles are well performed (Chris Cooper is his usual stalwart self) they serve such little dramatic purpose because ultimately it's all about Capote(!) Director Bennett and screenwriter Dan Futterman fail to emotionally engage their intended audience because they were clearly overwhelmed by the cultural baggage of Capote's "legend". Their product is stillborn Oscar bait...and is more evidence that one great genre pic has more "truth" in it than a dozen piles of oh-so-sincere crap like this.
critique7488 Yeh I know -- you're quivering with excitement. Well *The Secret Lives of Dentists* will not upset your expectations: it's solidly made but essentially unimaginative truthful but dull. It concerns the story of a married couple who happen to be dentists and who share the same practice (already a recipe for trouble: if it wasn't for our separate work-lives we'd all ditch our spouses out of sheer irritation). Campbell Scott whose mustache and demeanor don't recall Everyman so much as Ned Flanders from *The Simpsons* is the mild-mannered uber-Dad husband and Hope Davis is the bored-stiff housewife who channels her frustrations into amateur opera. One night as Dad & the daughters attend one of Davis' performances he discovers that his wife is channeling her frustrations into more than just singing: he witnesses his wife kissing and flirting with the director of opera. (One nice touch: we never see the opera-director's face.) Dreading the prospect of instituting the proceedings for separation divorce and custody hearings -- profitable only to the lawyers -- Scott chooses to pretend ignorance of his wife's indiscretions.<br /><br />Already the literate among you are starting to yawn: ho-hum another story about the Pathetic Sniveling Little Cuckold. But Rudolph who took the story from a Jane Smiley novella hopes that the wellworn-ness of the material will be compensated for by a series of flashy postmodern touches. For instance one of Scott's belligerent patients (Denis Leary kept relatively -- and blessedly -- in check) will later become a sort of construction of the dentist's imagination emerging as a Devil-on-the-shoulder advocate for the old-fashioned masculine virtues ("Dump the b---h!" etc.). When not egged-on by his imaginary new buddy Scott is otherwise tormented by fantasies that include his wife engaged in a three-way with two of the male dental-assistants who work in their practice. It's not going too far to say that this movie is *Eyes Wide Shut* for Real People (or Grown-Ups at least). Along those lines Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are certainly recognizable human beings as compared to the glamourpuss pair of Cruise and Kidman. Further the script for *Secret Lives* is clearly more relevant than Kubrick's. As proof I offer the depiction of the dentists' children particularly the youngest one who is about 3 or 4 years old and whose main utterance is "Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! DAD!!!" This is Family Life all right with all its charms.<br /><br />The movie would make an interesting double-bill with *Kramer vs. Kramer* as well. One can easily trace the Feminization of the American Male from 1979 to 2003. In this movie Dad is the housewife as in *Kramer* but he is in no way flustered by the domestic role unlike Dustin Hoffman who was too manly to make toast. Here Scott gets all the plumb chores such as wiping up the children's vomit cooking cleaning taking the kids to whatever inane after-school activity is on the docket. And all without complaint. (And without directorial commentary. It's just taken for granted.)<br /><br />The film has virtues mostly having to do with verisimilitude. However it's dragged down from greatness by its insistence on trendy distractions which culminate in a long scene where a horrible five-day stomach flu makes the rounds in the household. We must endure pointless fantasy sequences initiated by the imaginary ringleader Leary. Whose existence by the way is finally reminiscent of the Brad Pitt character in *Fight Club*. And this finally drives home the film's other big flaw: lack of originality. In this review I realize it's been far too easy to reference many other films. Granted this film is an improvement on most of them but still. *The Secret Lives of Dentists* is worth seeing but don't get too excited about it. (Not that you were all that excited anyway. I guess.)
critique7489 Poor action films are the graveyards for aging martial art stars. In such films they struggle to maintain that dangerous demeanor that made their early work successful but they all end in failure. Seagal is too old for this type of role but he wont let go...no matter how silly he looks. Some hope his current work will somehow bring back the magic but there is no magic left. The late '80s and early '90s belonged to Steven Seagal and his work made me a fan. I could see him fit nicely in a slot on The Sopranos where his overweight body jowly features and sullen attitude could have found a home. I wonder what the return is on his run of direct to video films?! Since he produces them I'm assuming the $$$ is more than satisfactory. If this is the deal we will be subjected to poorly done Seagal action films well into his late 60s and 70s.....
critique7490 I saw this movie considering this as a normal Hollywood movie but then came to know that its a Movie made for TV channel.On my DVD cover out of 2 critics comments one of the critic stephen farber from moviline reveiwed it as A best movie of the Year..<br /><br />All the character were simple and decent performances except the Brain's character which never gets scope which director wanted to keeps mystery till end.. there was suspense till end but when you see the end that lady Police Officer and main culprit had a Lesbian affair seems to be totally stupid idea.God knows what happens to DAVE the male lead character..<br /><br />The other Critic from Mr. Brown's Movies said that Shocking and Effective but doesn't quite live up to all the Hype... which i saw after watching the Movie .for which i was partially aggree...i should have read this first before taking the movie..
critique7491 Words cannot express how poor this film is.<br /><br />There is no plot the acting is appalling basically the whole film is a joke.<br /><br />With a running time of 97 minutes it's about 96 minutes too long.<br /><br />It might have been OK as a short sketch on a comedy show but the premise is way too flimsy to work for that amount of time without boredom kicking in.<br /><br />Avoid this one go rent a good movie instead!
critique7492 In 4 words Captain Corelli's Mandolin was "completely out of tune" with the book. The novel provided sufficient character background to understand the relationships and personal challenges the characters needed to overcome; the script writer chose to ignore the details. In ignoring them (e.g. the priest's role initially as a buffoon but later as a spiritual leader the fiancee's inability to read until taught by a socialist rebel the bomb experts advice to Corelli and his eventual ironic demise) the story and characters fall flat.<br /><br />This was the first movie that I've ever walked out of midway through. Interesting cinematography great actors do not MAKE a film; the story does.
critique7493 You gotta love the cheesy low budget movies. This one comes complete with bad effects props and bad acting (really bad). Plus every time I see Mercedes McNab (the sister) I keep thinking 'Watch out! She's a vamp!"- for those that know Buffy/Angel.<br /><br />A perfect example of what happens when someone with bad taste and wants to waste money making a flick the little that was spent of course. I don't know if I feel more sorry for the writer of the movie or the producer who didn't make back any money.<br /><br />I'd say it's good for little kids in it's simplicity but I don't know if I'd want to subject a kid to it...<br /><br />umm...1/10 because that's the lowest it will go.
critique7494 Easily the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. Direction : none. Story: pathetic. Screenplay : that will be a good idea. There is a lot of gratuitous graphics all of pathetic quality. Preserve your sanity dont ever see this movie !
critique7495 One can only assume that Robert Osborne is contractually obligated to express delight at even the least appealing films in the TCM library as this would explain him extolling the 'virtues' of this "charming" film during his introduction when I saw this on cable TV. Seeing as any old film on IMDb receives 'classic' status from a number of fawning amateur reviewers I thought there was a dire need for a more honest review of this film.<br /><br />This is not your father's 'Shop Around the Corner'. For all my quibbles with 'You've Got Mail' it still outshines this as a remake in just about every way imaginable. For those who have seen the original the flaws will only be all the more obvious.<br /><br />From one of the lamest Meet Cute sequences I can recall seeing (a sad slapstick attempt at 'humor') this film gets off on the wrong foot and it never really gets back in step. This 'musical' only qualifies as one in the sparsest sense of the term. There are a sprinkling of instantly forgettable musical numbers and then there's Judy singing "I Don't Care" while flailing her arms around as if in a seizure. The Christmas song she sings in the store is probably one of her better numbers here. Miss Garland was wonderful in a number of musical films but here she seems horribly miscast. The role was originally to have been filled by June Allyson and Judy is definitely unable to fill the shoes of Margaret Sullavan's old part. Van Johnson also turns in a rather bland performance as a second rate Jimmy Stewart type. The leads never achieve the chemistry of Stewart/Sullavan or even that of Hanks/Ryan.<br /><br />This is a film that knows (some of) the notes but not the music. It doesn't really seem to understand why the original worked and even feels the need to add another possible love interest for Van Johnson's character to complicate things unnecessarily. The remake's substitution for the original's infidelity subplot is a hackneyed plot device involving a priceless violin. It is almost embarrassing to watch and feels as if it had perhaps been lifted from an episode of Three's Company by someone with a DeLorean and a flux capacitor. It's really just an excuse for a Keaton pratfall. Even the big resolution scene between the romantic leads is mishandled. After seeing both films you'll understand why they called it 'the Lubitsch Touch' and NOT the 'Robert Z. Leonard Touch'.<br /><br />Avoid this and rewatch either the original film or one of Judy Garland's earlier films unless you're an iconoclast who enjoys seeing a once great star falling down to earth.
critique7496 I didn't know Willem Dafoe was so hard up for bucks that he'd disgrace himself with such shocking hamming in this monstrosity. Hell: I'll donate that money that I was going to send to Ethiopia if he's that desperate. I have never seen such a pathetic and disgusting film for a long time...who paid for this? They are either pulling some tax scam or insane. A 5-year old would be ashamed of the plot and I'd rather get cancer than sit through more than the hour I suffered already. Everybody involved should be locked up for a year in the sodomy wing of a third world prison. Avoid at all costs. I'd give it minus 10 if possible...unbelievable.
critique7497 Bela Lugosi as God? Transvestites discussed in a movie in the straight-laced 1950s? By golly this must be an Ed Wood film.<br /><br />Watching this movie I felt a combination of guilt pleasure and nausea all at the same time. The story is about Glen (Ed Wood himself) and his cross-dressing alter-ego Glenda. Somehow if this movie were made now I could see Kevin Kline playing Glen/Glenda. Notice how all the cross-dressers' alter egos are versions of their male name (Glen/Glenda Robert/Roberta etc.). It attempts to sympathetically portray it as the mental disorder that it is rather than as a graphic perversion. <br /><br />Somehow Wood manages to sneak in bondage and S&M sequences into his initial story of Glen/Glenda. Along with these racy scenes Satan himself shows up obviously having a bad hair day. The dialog and pace are nonexistent but the film is enjoyable in its context -- the weird world of Ed Wood.<br /><br />Sterno says put on your favorite lace panties for this one.
critique7498 It's painfully obvious that the people who made this "movie" have never seen such brilliant spoofs as "The Naked Gun" and "Hot Shots". This movie is terrible and so are the actors. They wouldn't know acting even if it hit them in the face as I felt like doing while watching this total pile of rubbish.<br /><br />The movie is stupid and has no humor in it what so ever. I'm SURE that I could make a better movie with my friends. To me it's amazing that a movie can fail this much. Not a single clever or funny line. No trace of intelligence behind it. It's a pathetic movie and I'd like to meet the person who actually likes this movie. Yuck!
critique7499 This could have been a great movie with plenty of educational potential for teachers around the world about evolution biology the creative work in science research and Darwin's life but it is not.<br /><br />The screenplay is mostly historically inaccurate and transforms a true story into a Mexican soup-opera melodrama. While it is true that Darwin gradually lost his religious beliefs this was in great part due to his findings during the voyage of the Beagle and not solely due to the loss of his daughter. He was certainly disturbed by his loss but that did not made him literally insane delusional and detached from his friends and family. The such portrayal of Darwin is an invention of the script writer. Thus it cannot be used in any way as place to learn a bit about Darwin's life and psyche. According to most historians Darwin had the theory ready by the end of the Beagle voyage and kept it from going public because he wanted to develop further the consequences of it and check against more data. In the movie it is an imaginary conflict of Darwin with his religious beliefs and the mental illness that he developed after his daughter's death that kept him from going public.<br /><br />The movie brings a modern situation the creationists vs scientists debate into the life and times of Darwin thus it is anachronistic. It depicts Thomas Huxley not as a man trying to develop further understanding of biology but as someone eager to "kill God" in his own words from the movie and destroy the church who would accept the theory of evolution for such purposes and not because it was a synthesis of plenty of disconnected data. Huxley is presented as a very arrogant and insensible person a combination that I interpret was an attempt to ridicule active atheists who speak up against religion. In real life Huxley accepted Darwin's ideas after publication only gradually and before the work of Darwin he thought that there was not enough evidence to support evolution. His first support of evolution was published one month after the Origin of Species became public. He was agnostic but did not think it was necessary "to kill God" only thought that there was not enough evidence to believe in the supernatural. The debate creationists vs scientists appears throughout the movie and creationists catch-phrases such as "It is only a theory" are part of the discussion. Of course no such dispute or catch-phrases existed at that time. In fact the Anglican Church published a positive review of the Origin's saying that they saw God's work in evolution in some sense quite in fact in contradiction to the way that the clergy is portrayed in the screenplay.<br /><br />Another awful aspect of this movie is that it gives the wrong impression to the general public that scientific research is done by a solitary crazy man who just writes a lot. Nothing could be further from the truth. The conception of the theory of evolution was the result of thorough observations of living forms by Darwin during five years in the HMS Beagle and was developed gradually as it can be seen from Darwin's notes of the voyage. Even though the Beagle voyage was the sole most important part of Darwin's life to the conception of "Origin of Species" the voyage is briefly mentioned only once at the beginning and no attempt is made to show that the book came as an elaborate analysis of observations. To make it worse Darwin is shown performing a single experiment (pigeon breeding) to test his theory and in the end quits it. And I'm not really sure whether such experiment did actually occur.<br /><br />Great disappointment. It is not in any way a homage to Darwin and science.
critique7500 I thought this movie was horrible. I was bored and had to use all the self control I have to not scream at the screen. Mod Squad was beyond cheesy beyond cliche and utterly predictable.
critique7501 This movie makes me want to throw up every time I see it. If you take the first movie and reverse the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea her daughter wants to go to the sea) take the same characters and give them new animals and new names and then throw in crappy animation and the biggest suck factor possible you get the little mermaid 2. Its basically a copy of the first movie with a reversed plot. I'll take you through the horror of it step by step. These are the people from the 1st movie: First of all Prince Eric is still prince eric with about 3 lines in the whole movie. Ariel is uptight annoying and is not the carefree headstrong spirit we saw in the 1st. In fact she is the exact opposite. Sebastian is still sebastian only less cute less convincing as being stressed out and the jokes just aren't funny anymore. Flounder has about 2 lines. He now has kids and he talks with a dumb nasal voice. Scuttle is still dumb scuttle only not funny. King Triton's character is probably the best he still retains the intimidation and love for his daughter Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric appear not to give a hoot about their daughter. <br /><br />Like i said all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them. This is what they did: Ursula- The new evil villain is Morgana Ursula's sister who feels like she always lived in Ursula's shadow. I wouldn't be scared of her if she showed up at my doorway with a knife. She can't do anything right and she's a failure as a villain. She has the same voice ursula did. Sebastian & Flounder - Have been replaced by probably the most stupid sidekicks Tip & Dash a walrus and a penguin. They try to be hero's but always fail when trying. the plot is so predictable. They become heroes at the end. Yawn. Flatson& Jetsom- Now replaced by a shark who was turned about 10x smaller by triton. Hes really bad too. Morgana and the shark (sharkbait I think was his name) have no chemistry good or bad. Ariel-Ah Ariel. Our lovely mermaid was replaced by her un-lovely daughter melody. Melody cannot sing her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be and you want to punch her in the face because shes so fake sugary sweet. She wants to go to the sea she is clumsy and the kids make fun of her she has to go find herself. yawn.<br /><br />Not only is the movie boring and unoriginal its so simplistic when you watch this movie you will gasp at how bad it is. Certain parts of the movie make you want to call Disney up and demand why such a horrible movie was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original.<br /><br />Basically comparing the little mermaid 2 to the little mermaid is like comparing and Ed Wood movie to Casablanca. Don't ever watch this not even when your bored.
critique7502 I had hoped this movie was going to be mildly entertaining like other sorts of its genre. However it was lame and I didn't find myself laughing very much. Watch it on HBO maybe or if you've got a free rental to waste and you need a movie to pass the time. But I don't recommend paying to see it.<br /><br />The plot is simple and straightforward and it could have been funny maybe if the script was better. Jason Lee can be hilarious and he gets a few laughs here and there but the movie falls flat. Just don't go see this one. The directing is lackluster but for what it is directing isn't that important. I guess its main drawback is that it is just not very funny. See something else don't waste your time here.
critique7503 This movie was so awful so boring so badly miscast -- it took a lot of work to make what should have been a sure thing into such a travesty. I love Lucille Ball but she absolutely stunk in this movie. Too old couldn't sing sounded like a truck dumping gravel even when NOT singing -- and the biggest sin of all -- SHE WASN'T FUNNY. EVEN A LITTLE. The studio shot themselves in the foot with this one and for ruining what should have been a fabulous screen version of a fabulous stage musical some other body parts deserve to have been wounded as well -- or perhaps they were already lacking those parts. That might explain it. But for Lucy to think she was right for a part that required SINGING -- well that's the saddest thing of all. It's a very good thing to know your limitations. Even a legend can't come out of a stinker like this and still smell like a rose.
critique7504 I remember this show being on the television when I was a kid back in the early 1990s and there was this rage about kids with goofy leotards doing kung fu on one another and riding around in plastic dinosaurs. It was called power rangers. I remember that little kids would go around hitting each other and then the shirts and the stuff from the show was banned in many school districts all over the country because this show taught kids how to fight each other in solving their differences.<br /><br />I never really thought of this as a show especially when better shows like The Tick were playing on Fox Kids. Most older teens always looked at power rangers in a ridiculous and scornful manner and it's not hard to wonder why. The footage is ridiculous at best. The colored rangers costumes look like stuff you would work out in and the dinosaurs look like plastic nonsense. Then you get into the acting and of course those really laughable haircuts. All the guys run around with earrings on half of them are wearing 90's mullets and they always wear the same clothes everyday and then change into leotard wearing power rangers.<br /><br />The toys are especially ridiculous as well and was the joke of many late night talk show hosts. And of course two of the worst movies ever made and I do mean two of the worst movies ever made were based on this show with nearly every critic trashing both the films and the shows it was based on.<br /><br />Power rangers is nothing more than a bad television commericial for especially bad toy merchandising. As an adult I don't look at it fondly but rather as another embarrassment of 1990s kids shows fashion and guys' earrings.
critique7505 You know what kind of movie you're getting into when the serial killer main character is being transported to the electric chair (in what seems to be a bakery truck) only to have the prison vehicle collide with (and I'm not making this up) a genetic engineering tanker truck. The goo which spurts forth melts him and fuses his DNA with the snow creating our protagonist the killer snowman.<br /><br />My favorite portion of the movie however is an over-the-shoulder shot of the snowman thrashing some poor schmuck in which his hands look suspiciously like a couple of white oven-potholder gloves.<br /><br />Mmmmm schlock...
critique7506 This movie is just plain terrible. Poor John Savage had to stoop this low in order to be in another movie. He stars as a rare type of vampire that is to help a lady that looks like a washed out and thrown in the streets hooker that is a dancer at a local strip club. She acidently tastes a drop of blood from another dancer who happens to be one of those rare vampires as they get carried away making out on the floor of the dressing room. Savage is then assigned by a short leader of this rare vampire breed that looks like a cross between 80's punk rock and one of the Olsen twins with purple hair. This movie just gets all to crazy with Savage rapping and dancing with a midget with a tattooed spider on his head also one of the rare. He quotes the Elephant Man and Jimmy Durante and I just had to laugh. This just gets rediculas. And then the most gross special effects that they could come up with is Corri throwing up her organs and pulling them out of her mouth. And you can tell that that is all to fake. Her son doesn't know what to do with his moms new identity and becomes more of a pest than an object of serenity. I enjoy a good vampire film believe me I do but I just HATED this one. Even the photography stinks in and out blurs with the camera switching this way and that trying to make it look like the vampires move to fast for the camera to keep up and then the camera turns all to bright in the scene of Savage chasing the son of Corri around till he blinds himself. Avoid this one!!
critique7507 A few days ago I watched a documentary called THE FIFTY WORST MOVIES OF ALL TIME and this is where I first heard of THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN. Being a lover of schlocky films I am making it a point to try to find some of the films from the documentary--not just including THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN. In fact MELTING MAN is the first "bad film" I have seen since then and I must say I am rather disappointed. While it truly is a bad film it comes nowhere near close enough to make inclusion on this list.<br /><br />Now before seeing the documentary I have enjoyed "bad films" ever since I read the book "The Fifty Worst Movies of All Time" by Harry Medved. Despite the same title the book came out long long before the documentary and the makers of the documentary never credited Medved with the concept. From the Medved book I have seen about 35 of the 50 films but have come to an impasse--the rest of the films just aren't available on VHS or DVD. So I thought I'd try the film by the same name.<br /><br />The reason I was most disappointed with THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN was that there were a few good elements to the film. First the melting guy special effects were generally really cool and disgusting. It's obvious that a professional (the famous Rich Baker) was involved in making this look realistic. However I should also point out that there were also more than a few cheap and cheesy effects as well--such as the floating plastic head and the way the monster ran around after his left arm was cut off--you could see it "cleverly hidden" under his clothes! As for the story it's just stupid. A group of astronauts miraculously penetrate the rings of Saturn without being crushed. Then they comment about how beautiful the sun is--as we see closeups of it. This is odd since Saturn is so far from it--it should NOT look this way--it should be a large speck. Regardless immediately the scene changes and we're told that one of the surviving astronauts is in a hospital. What happened between the last scene and this one? Yep it's anyone's guess. Well soon after the survivor escapes and engages in a murderous rampage as his entire body melts.<br /><br />Now considering they have a psycho running about who looks like a melting popsicle you'd think the government would pull out all stops to find and stop him right?! Wrong. A general engages one lone doctor to find him!! No army no police--just some dopey doctor. Even after bodies begin stacking up at no point do the doctor or general do anything to organize a meaningful search or get backup.<br /><br />Now given the stupidity of the film you also wouldn't be surprised to find the following: <br /><br />When the melting dude is running around near the doctor's house the doctor gives his wife a powerful sedative and leaves her in the house.<br /><br />When a cute old couple is driving late at night they naturally stop in an orchard to pick fruit and are killed.<br /><br />When a lady sees melting dude she barricades the door to protect herself. This would be smart IF she didn't have the back door of the house next to her! Instead of just leaving the house and escaping she just waits! <br /><br />When a photographer and his model are taking snapshots the guy grabs his assistant and yanks off her top. Why? Well to give the audience a cheap thrill and make it a rated R flick.<br /><br />When the melting dude is finally located and the sheriff has a clear shot at him the doctor stops him--even though by now the monster had killed about a half dozen people.<br /><br />So as you can see the film abounds with stupid plot elements. It is a very bad film. But given the occasionally good special effects it just wasn't a horrible film like I'd hoped. Sure it's good for a laugh but no where near PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE in badness and never should have been included on anyone's worst film list.
critique7508 This movie is another Christian propaganda film in the line of The Omega Code. Not that that is necessarily bad but for the fact that most propaganda films sacrifice sincerity and realism for the message they wish to deliver. If you enjoy a styrofoam portrayal of life on the streets and the way the Gospel can change a life than perhaps you may enjoy this movie. I say save your money and rent The Cross and The Switchblade or The Mission. When will Christian directors learn that sometimes people say bad words? It was frustrating to see criminals depicted who are not allowed to swear (huh? criminals say bad words?) and flat characters I really could not relate to. Also it would've been great if the movie had shown some T&A. Now that would be something I'd like to pay to see. Who was the blockhead who compared this communion wafer-thin story of a movie with The Boondock Saints and The Sting?
critique7509 First off there is nothing wrong with studying Daniel Revelation Matthew 24 Isaiah and other prophetic scriptures. There is also nothing wrong with making a film such as this to attempt to present the gospel message. So my qualms with this movie are not in either its sincerity or aspirations. As a Christian though an amillenialist I believe there will be a great tribulation and I believe Christ will return as he said as much. So even though I have disagreement with this film about the rapture that is not why I rate this movie so low.<br /><br />No what makes me rate this movie so low is not its sincerity or its message but rather its lack of production values awful script mediocre acting and pitiful FX. This movie ranks down there with some of the cheesiest scifi fodder of the 1950s. No this movie ranks down there with Plan 9 From Outerspace. This movie failed to age well and was probably dated by the time they made a sequel.<br /><br />The apocalypse genre film producers could have learned how not to make an end times film from this but they failed. The Left Behind Series The Apocalypse series and the Omega Code series all failed to learn from this because they addressed the FX problems and the dated look problem but their scripts are still poor and their acting is wooden.<br /><br />There are great Christian films with extremely low budgets but this film is not one of them. I'm surprised the MST3K crew never lampooned this one.
critique7510 I was one of those "few Americans" that grew up with all of Gerry Andersen's marvelous creations. Thunderbirds was a great series for the time and would have made a great action/adventure movie if only the writers could have figured out where to target it.<br /><br />I expected it to be a romp but I did not expect it to aim at such a low age group. Like Lost in Space this could have been both visually stunning and exciting. It should have focused on more action/adventure and the goal of the original series... saving people in trouble.<br /><br />Instead it focused on Alan saving the day instead of his brothers (who were cast too young anyway vs. the original). The breakout part was Lady Penelope and Parker. I didn't care too much for the characters in the original but I was grateful for them in the movie. They stole the show!<br /><br />I always enjoyed Thunderbirds more for the high-tech than the stories and even that did not get enough screen time as far as I was concerned. I would have enjoyed seeing more of the cool gadgets.<br /><br />But then I'm just a big kid... ;)
critique7511 my friends and i watched this movie last night. it was pretty incredible. by all means this was probably the worst movie i have ever seen. at first it was tolerable. it stunk of BAD IMPROV but it was pretty friggin hilarious despite the scenes being too long & drawn out and the terrible quality (i read $400 budget above... sounds about right) of the film itself.<br /><br />the biggest problem came from the lack of a script; with a background in improv i know how hard it can be to keep scenes short & efficient. what happened in this film was that the actors were left to improvise the scenes and they didn't know when to stop they just kept going for ages on stupid topics. at first i thought this was because the movie was short and they needed long useless scenes to flesh it out. as the movie progressed i realized it was just a really bad movie.<br /><br />there were a lot of parts where i could see that the film maker had a really good idea for a shot but not the resources (or talent!?) to pull it off effectively. a lot of the scenes were taken from a single shot (cause you know improv) for what felt like a really long time. so boring! if you can stand to put up with and hour and a half of terrible improv watch it. it's really funny at parts but also really stupid and annoying. the acting ranges from alright to absolutely terrible. it seemed like the only good parts were the parts that really had nothing to do with the main plot; the ballsy kid who swore lots the barbershop etc etc.<br /><br />but yeah. painfully bad. like i was literally hurting. after an hour or so my friends and i just got bored and left.
critique7512 That's about the only redeeming quality in a movie that otherwise insults the viewer's intelligence by losing track of time plot and reason for being produced.<br /><br />Plus how that guy with the glasses ever got a gig in Hollywood is beyond me.
critique7513 I can catogoricaly and unequivocally say that in all my 51 years on this planet that is the worse (supposibly children's) film i have ever seen in my life.<br /><br />I took my three grand children to see it and even they were struggling to raise a smile during the all tortuous 90 mins. The sexual indendoes i will leave for another day but they were as tasteless as the film. They should pay YOU to watch it not you pay them. It's truly truly awful there is no other way to describe it. The people that made this film should be brought to task for taking money under false pretences.<br /><br />Aplogise for my spelling mistakes but i am so upset that it spoilt the time i had with my grandchildren Regards Stephen
critique7514 Nut case is murdering college students can new teacher stop the madness?!<br /><br />Believe me you won't care.<br /><br />With a title like Splatter University one would immediately gather that this movie just isn't high art. But worse than that Splatter University doesn't even qualify for amusing garbage. Splatter U is so poorly made - the story is mindless the characters are throw-aways and the whole movie lacks any essence of imagination. Needless to say there is no suspense or atmosphere or scares. This drivel isn't even brave enough to throw in any nudity (for the cheapest thrill of all). So all around this endlessly flawed slasher offers nothing in the way of entertainment (not even cheap laughs) and just becomes a complete bore. Bottom of the barrel folks - even die hard slasher fans will want to think twice before viewing let alone paying money for this flick.<br /><br />BOMB out of ****
critique7515 My God the things that passed for entertainment in this country...<br /><br />This is *not* the "Tom and Jerry" you may have enjoyed on Saturday Mornings featuring a hapless cat and a clever mouse. This is a much earlier animation series featuring a pair of Mutt-and-Jeff clones who get themselves into various scrapes that result in any of the then-typical dancing-skeleton-type gags that made up so much of early animation.<br /><br />This particularly vile outing apparently originally intended as a vehicle for a pair of actual black stage comedians of the time has the pair crashing in the ocean while flying to Africa necessitating black-face make-up exaggerated "negro" dialect and "Feets don't fail me now" situations.<br /><br />It only shows that in the 70 years between emancipation and this film the American view of Africans hadn't progressed much. Then again at least one of them apparently had a pilot's license.
critique7516 Marilyn Miller made only three films before her untimely death - the marvelous SALLY (1929) the comedy HER MAJESTY LOVE (1931) and this trifle - SUNNY (1930). It is quite poor both as an early talkie and as an attempt at a musical - although she has four dance numbers she only sings two songs (WHO? and ONE MAN ALONE). The rest of the score including the spritely title tune are jettisoned although we can hear the latter in the background scoring. Miller looks overweight and amateurish here - no star quality at all. Even her dancing is cloutish. The film is very badly written stock full of stale and unfunny jokes and stupid situations. If you're interested in Miller as a performer by all means check it out but for general entertainment stay away.
critique7517 You know how everyone jokes about the acting in porno movies? Well if you've always found the plot line of a porn to captivate your interest then this movie is for you. It truly was like a porn without the sex. Or if that analogy is not to your liking imagine you and your drunk roommate found a movie camera abandoned on a park bench. This is the movie that you would make. -Horrible acting -bad camera work -Music done on a casio keyboard This movie has it all and more. For those who are masochists in the crowd this is a premiere piece for your collection. <br /><br />All I can figure is that the only people to submit reviews for this dripping pile of movie were people who 'starred' in it. <br /><br />Their movie career is over before it started.
critique7518 This film appears to be an exposÃƒÂ© of the current trend towards globalization and homogenization in the wine industry. Wineries around the world are more and more either joining large conglomerates (the American producer Mondavi in the case of this film) or paying high-priced experts to help them make "the perfect wine"--and as a result wines are becoming very standard and predictable. To some this is a good thing (especially since few can afford to pay $50 or more for an everyday wine) and to others this is horrible as the uniqueness of smaller wineries is disappearing. I truly can understand the concerns of both sides and don't think there is a villain or hero in this business. Sure good and cheaper wine is a nice thing but like what's happened with beers (with giants like Unibrew and Anheiser-Busch) food (McDonalds) shopping (European shopping malls are almost indistinguishable from American ones) and mega-stores (like Walmart/Asda) are taking away much of the uniqueness of "the little guys". So I definitely was ready and willing to listen to these film makers. However with a product that is almost two and a half hours long AND a general lack of focus the film simply became too big a chore to watch and I lost interest. An 80-90 minute focused film would have been MUCH more effective--especially since the average viewer is NOT an oenophile (that's the high-brow word for a "wine aficionado").<br /><br />On the very positive side the film makers are smart not to do much talking at all--and simply let those on both sides of the issue do the talking. Plus the topic is so relevant and timely. However despite choosing a good style of documentary making the film simply goes on way way way too long and ended up making a very dull film.
critique7519 The supernatural vengeful police officer is back for a third installment this time acting as guardian angel for a wrongfully accused female cop. Standard stalk and slash picture yet well acted and directed thus making it oddly interesting and watchable though the violence isn't for the squeamish (especially the director's cut which was originally given an "NC-17" rating).<br /><br />*1/2 out of ****
critique7520 This movie is a disgrace to the Major League Franchise. I live in Minnesota and even I can't believe they dumped Cleveland. (Yes I realize at the time the real Indians were pretty good and the Twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the American League but still be consistent.) Anyway I loved the first Major League liked the second and always looked forward to the third when the Indians would finally go all the way to the series. You can't tell me this wasn't the plan after the second film was completed. What Happened? Anyways if your a true fan of the original Major League do yourself a favor and don't watch this junk.
critique7521 I simply give this a three because it fulfilled what my buddies and I hoped it would do: entertain. <br /><br />I wasn't stupid enough to rent this thinking it would be a zombie film up there with the likes of Romero or Fulci but what I rented it for was a laugh. <br /><br />If you are looking for a film for amusement or a film to make you shake your head in embarrassment go for it. This is perfect for junior- "Mystery Science Theater" fans but the only downside is that it is so bad it makes fun of itself. <br /><br />I personally think it is a shame to relate this to any other Hollywood title that we may know because when a film sucks like this it has its own genre.
critique7522 This kind of storytelling is unacceptable The only reason this film is anywhere above the 5 stars out of 10 line is because it's got George Lucas behind it and it has the words "Star" and "Wars" in its title. That is an insult to aspiring filmmakers and many others out there who have made clearly superior films with superior story writing and acting but did not get the credit. This is a travesty.<br /><br />First things first. The story. Anakin's evolution? There is none. Apart from a little make-up around the eyes and a little yelling there is none. He becomes young stupid cocky Anakin Skywalker to Darth Vader in a single blow. The only thing consistent about Darth Vader in the original series was his intelligence how good he was at almost everything he did planning fighting you name it. The only consistent thing about Anakin that is perceived in the prequel trilogy is his consistent stupidity. He even loses his body because of a bout of stupid cockiness.<br /><br />What part of the Emperor Palpatine telling him legends of the Sith does not point to the Emperor being a Sith? Unacceptable!<br /><br />The fight scenes used too many digital doubles. Everyone's flying all over the place like teddy bears in a make-believe doll house. Count Dooku Emperor Palpatine Anakin Obi-Wan almost every fighter had a rubbery digital double jumping around.<br /><br />In one specific fight scene Obi-Wan and Anakin in the climactic battle they both actually stop in the middle of parries and ripostes to twirl their sabers a few times while inches apart. I realize the fights are choreographed but that just got me shaking my head in disbelief and disgust.<br /><br />The writing was awful. All the dialogue was of tremendously low quality. The good actors like Ewan McGregor and Natalie Portman did the best they could with their lines but that just wasn't enough. I can't say enough bad things about this film. Too much special effects plot holes bigger than the centre of the universe and absolutely no insights into any of the characters. This is the biggest mistake of this film: nothing new is offered. We know the rough picture of everything all Lucas did was colour it in.<br /><br />We knew Anakin lost his limbs. We knew Luke and Leia are brother and sister we knew Luke is Anakin's son we knew Obi-Wan and Yoda go to exile we knew everything. Nothing new is offered in this film. If that's all the fans wanted then that's fine Lucas couldn't have gone wrong.<br /><br />But when Anakin finally becomes Darth Vader and he asks after Padme and hears she is dead he reaches out his arms awkwardly and screams "Nooooooooooooooooooooo." That scene screamed B-movie all the way and I was half expecting Darth Vader to go "DANGER WILL ROBINSON DANGER" at any time. That is what this is. A B-movie disguised by a huge budget and a ultra-loyalist fan base that will settle with anything now that the first two movies have pulled their standards down to the pits of the Earth.
critique7523 1975's MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE is an amazing and wonderful film to watch. This isn't because the fighting is particularly inspired or because the film makes any sense at all. It's because the film is so silly and so over-the-top that it is a camp classic--bad but enjoyably bad. The film stars a blind guy who has a Frisbee-like device on a chain that chops off people's heads as he expertly throws this at his foes! Who cares that the physics are impossible or that the film features such silly things as fighters with 12 foot long papier-mache arms or that the guy was blind! It's just a ball to watch from start to finish--and one of my favorite "bad" films and great to see with friends.<br /><br />Because of this film I was eager to see THE FATAL FLYING GUILLOTINES (1977) though sadly it turned out NOT to be a sequel but a bit of a knock-off--taking many of the ideas from the original but neglecting to make the film as coherent or watchable. Sure it's silly fun but it never comes close to MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE in entertainment value. Like the original film there are these weird flying devices that sever heads but they are quite different--with circular saw blades and almost a mind of their own. There also is no blind guy but instead are a bunch of baddies who really have no depth nor does the audience understand exactly what's occurring in this English-dubbed version as the plot is completely incomprehensible. However at the same time some of the martial arts action is very good. While not up to the high standards of most Bruce Lee or Sonny Chiba films the action is worthwhile despite the ludicrous and often confusing plot.<br /><br />Overall this is a film that martial arts fans may like (despite its many many many many shortcomings) but also one that others will probably turn off or laugh hysterically at instead of enjoying the action because the film is just so ludicrous. BUT most importantly it never comes close to being as funny or watchable as MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE. Too bad.
critique7524 I just saw this movie yesterday...I cannot believe the reviews on this site. The ones that give it over one-star must be Buffy fanatics. Well I am a Buffy fan of the first order but I know crap when I see it. On every level this film is terrible. Technically much of the time you don't know where you are in this movie even within one scene it jumps POV like crazy for no reason. No logic whatsoever in cinematic terms. Emotionally is bleak for bleak's sake and attempts to be a psychological thriller when it is just confusing. Throwing nasty-looking red-necks in your movie is a cheap way to convey "atmosphere". I ran out of patience with it a long time before the last act but I was having too much fun with my friends doing MST3K riffs to turn it off. Since leaving Buffy SMG has had 2 successful movies if even listing "Scooby Doo" on your resume could count. Gellar is a fine actress but she (or her agent) sure can't find a vehicle for her. And Mr. Shepard if you are having trouble paying your mortgage I'll send you a few bucks if you promise to not appear in a movie like this again! ( Also the estate of Patsy Cline should sue for defamation! )
critique7525 I rented this thinking it would be pretty good just by the cover of the movie case. Judge and Jury started out pretty good killer chasing the man who killed his wife on a bike with a cool gun but this movie got progressively stupider as it went on. David Keith is awesome actor especially when he plays a role like this too bad the movie was a piece of crap it really wasted his talent. Judge and Jury was well plain dumb I gave it a 3 should have gave it a 2 I gave it an extra star just because David Keith's gun was cool.
critique7526 Once upon a time in the mid 1990s I used to write for DOCTOR WHO fanzines and the whole of fandom was holding its breathe about the new American produced DOCTOR WHO TVM . As soon as it was announced that the Doctor`s arch enemy the Master was going to be played by Eric Roberts everyone scratched their heads and exclaimed " Who is Eric Roberts ? " . I should point out this was before the IMDB came online when all you had to do was type in a name into this website to their resume  but one helpful soul wrote into a publication I wrote for to explain that Eric Roberts was best known for a role where he starred opposite F Murray Abraham  the film was called BY THE SWORD and was about a fencing school . Actually looking back now Roberts is best known for THE POPE OF GREENWICH VILLAGE and RUNAWAY TRAIN but that didn`t stop the person putting the boot into both Roberts and BY THE SWORD and his mind was made up that this American Master with his southern drawl was going to a debacle . Strangely most fans were furious about Roberts playing the Master but after they saw the DOCTOR WHO TVM a great many fans ( Myself among them ) thought Roberts performance was the best thing about the disappointing American production <br /><br />Yeah I`m digressing but BY THE SWORD was a film that I wanted to see simply because it was the first time I`d heard the name of Eric Roberts but I didn`t get the chance to see it untill this weekend and I was fairly disappointed with it . I know nothing about fencing ( Everyone else on this page seems duty bound to mention if they fence or not . I don`t fence ) so I don`t know how accurate it all is  but as mentioned the film feels somewhat anachronistic even if you saw it on its release in 1991  the hairstyles seem a few years out of date along with its mixed teenage cast doing a little dance routine that makes you wonder if it wouldn`t have worked a lot better if it`d had been produced by Jerry Bruckheimer in the mid 1980s . You could argue this would have meant the relationship between Max Suba and Alexander Villard being off centre for most of the film but I wasn`t convinced about their love/hate relationship and Abraham and Roberts have given much better performances before and since BY THE SWORD
critique7527 Alas another Costner movie that was an hour too long. Credible performances but the script had no where to go and was in no hurry to get there. First we are offered an unrelated string of events few of which further the story. Will the script center on Randall and his wife? Randall and Fischer? How about Fischer and Thomas? In the end no real front story ever develops and the characters themselves are artificially propped up by monologues from third parties. The singer explains Randall Randall explains Fischer on and on. Finally long after you don't care anymore you will learn something about the script meetings. Three endings were no doubt proffered and no one could make a decision. The end result? All three were used one after another after another. If you can hang in past the 100th yawn you'll be able to pick them out. Despite the transparent attempt to gain points with a dedication to the Coast Guard this one should have washed out the very first day.
critique7528 Apparently the people that wrote the back of the box did not bother to watch this so-called "movie." They described "blindingly choreographed intrigue and violence." I saw no "intrigue." I instead saw a miserable attempt at dialogue in a supposed kung fu movie. I saw no "violence." At least I saw nothing which could cause me to suspend my disbelief as to what could possibly hurt a man with "impervious" skin--but here I am perhaps revealing too much of the "plot." Furthermore as a viewer of many and sundry films (some of which include the occasional kung fu movie) I can authoritatively say that this piece of celluloid is unwatchable. Whatever you may choose to do I will always remain<br /><br /> Correct<br /><br /> Jonathan Tanner <br /><br /> <br /><br />P.S. I was not blinded by the choreography.
critique7529 Yuck. I thought it odd that their ancient book on curses was made using a common script font instead of hand written. The acting is so apathetic at times and so over-dramatic at other times. Why would a "demonico" kill the two suspiciously quiet doctors who helped make him immortal? Just for the heck of it? And is it really necessary to show Lilith's motorcycle whenever she's out somewhere. We get it! You spent a little bit of money to rent some third rate crotch rocket. It doesn't mean you have to show it all the time! The "Faith's" lair looks like an old school Battlestar Galactica set with some last minute changes. There is a scene where we are introduced to a few people on a talk show for about 30 seconds before they are killed without apparent reason and without importance. Everyone is a throwaway character. Forgettable characters and an even more forgettable plot make this one of the most ill-conceived movies I've seen the SciFi channel come out with. Stay away unless you're into bad movies.
critique7530 Like a lot of movies involving little kids this starts off "real cute" and likable...and then after about a half hour or so becomes the reverse.<br /><br />That's certainly the case here in this time-travel story (which I usually love) where an adult meets a kid who his really him at the age of eight! Great premise and a great lead actor in Bruce Willis but.....<br /><br />The kid "Rusty" is a smart-aleck and whiny brat and Willis Rusty grown up now as "Russell" gets abrasive with his constant yelling. That is entertainment? No thanks.<br /><br />Young Breslin has gone on to become a very good child actor being involved in a number of films including "The Cat In The Hat" opposite a more famous child actor: Dakota Fanning. <br /><br />Overall a disappointing film especially with all the good press this movie got when it was released.
critique7531 The 3rd and last big screen spin off from the very popular ITV sitcom of the early 1970'sHOLIDAY ON THE BUSES is every bit as resistible and crude as the previous two effortsand observing from a standpoint three and a half decades laterit is truly mind boggling that even one film was produced in this franchise.<br /><br />What constitutes the plot surrounds the adventures of Stan Butler (Reg Varney)his conductor Jack (Bob Grant) and their bumblingly autocratic Inspector Blake (Stephen Lewis) after their sackings from their regular jobs at the bus depot.They all find work in similar positions at a holiday camp with Stan's family (Doris HareAnna KarenMichael Robbins) following therewith.<br /><br />British cinema had a deserved and considerable reputation for high quality in the 1960'sbut much of this was due to American financial support and guidance which sadly drew to a close as the 1970's dawned.Thereafternotable homegrown titles (GET CARTER being the among these very few exceptions) became as rare as Mick Jagger in a stable marriageand UK cinema went down the road of cheap budgetssleazy and witless sex comedies (The CONFESSIONS seriesCOME PLAY WITH ME) and flabbyelongated celluloid versions of various TV showsmostly sitcoms (this being one of many hideous examples).Only DAD'S ARMY and PORRIDGE came off fairly respectably in this regard;the quirky success of the first ON THE BUSES film (it was the biggest box-office hit of it's year in 1971nonsensical to think now!) led to two further sequels.<br /><br />To be fairthe TV series itself had a cheerfulripenon-PC vulgarity about it which was reasonably tolerable in half-hour sitcom formbut stretched to three times that length it taxes the patience beyond belief.It's ironical that HAMMER FILMS produced this effort as it virtually resembles a horror film in the literal sensewith ancient punshackneyedpoorly-timed slapstick and awfulseedy production values.<br /><br />A chance to send up the cheesiness of the British holiday camp is totally wasted here in favour of the above elementsand it is most bizarreif not gruesometo see the obviously 50-something Varney and the beaky-nosedlong-toothed Grant managing to instantly charm young women barely in their early twentieswhile constantly laughing at their own bravado and lame jokes.The presence of Wilfrid Brambell (from STEPTOE AND SON) romancing the aged Miss Hare does not help matters eitherand even though the film lasts about 1 and a half hoursit drags on to an interminably depressing degree.<br /><br />Thankfullythis was the last film in this most dire of film trilogiesand the TV series itself came to an end around the same timewith a sequel (DON'T DRINK THE WATERwhich was roundly savaged by the critics and ignored by audiences) following in 1975.Most of the leading actors involved were not seen much afterwardsbut the worst affected was Bob Grant.Afflicted with depression and other mental problems for many yearshe committed suicide in 2003.A sad coda to a sitcom that was the most popular of it's era (it has not aged too well either)and should have remained that wayrather than the three financially successful but artistically hopeless big screen hybrids which diluted the happy memories and occasional merits of it's TV counterpart.<br /><br />RATING:2 and a half out of 10.
critique7532 I was surprised to discover Michael Moore or Bill Maher wasn't involved with this "movie". An American leftist laundry list of axes to grind with a distinct sparseness of democrats in Hell. Mao Zedong and Karl Marx didn't make an appearance in Hell but Ronald Reagan is in the same room with Hitler? Perhaps we'll have to wait for these California spin doctors to butcher Paradiso for them to show all of their pet ideologue political figures.<br /><br />Cheap shots at religion right-wing politicians corporations and their lobbyists Fox News even SUVs. All the radical leftist talking points were too completely covered - while conspicuously omitting references to wrongdoing from the "other side of the aisle" - to not have been a conscious effort. The singular exception I noticed in the hour and a half is JFK has to have sex with Marilyn Monroe for eternity: The token inclusion in these propaganda pieces in a pathetic attempt at appearing non-partisan.
critique7533 This movie was so frustrating. Everything seemed energetic and I was totally prepared to have a good time. I at least thought I'd be able to stand it. But I was wrong. First the weird looping? It was like watching "America's Funniest Home Videos". The damn parents. I hated them so much. The stereo-typical Latino family? I need to speak with the person responsible for this. We need to have a talk. That little girl who was always hanging on someone? I just hated her and had to mention it. Now the final scene transcends I must say. It's so gloriously bad and full of badness that it is a movie of its own. What crappy dancing. Horrible and beautiful at once.
critique7534 Syriana swept the critics upon release and everything seemed to be raving about it. I suppose it's one of those films that is intensely intelligent...so intelligent that I think you need to be well versed in the oil industry and a politically brilliant mind. I don't consider myself unintelligent I've been studying politics since my early teens and I enjoy an intelligent film but for the most part unless it's a documentary films are meant to be primarily entertaining as well as have a message. Syriana tried to be strictly intelligent and it does turn some people away. I would even go so far as to say that those who rave about it and insist it's a 10/10 are lying because they think they look better. This film was the most confusing senseless mindless dribble I have seen in awhile...Especially considering the critical acclaim the Oscar nods and the cast. Screenplay writer Stephen Gaghan has disappointed me yet again. His horribly written Havoc preceded this film and I think he's just trying way too hard. I can't believe he was offered the opportunity to write the Da Vinci Code screenplay. On top of that Gaghan directed the film which made it an absolute mess. I had no idea who anyone was why things were happening who was who and what was what. It was a disaster.<br /><br />Because I don't really know who anyone was I can only mention the actors and what I thought of their performances because despite the horrendously complicated script the actors did alright. George Clooney plays C.I.A. field agent and assassin I think?? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been a favorite of mine but lately he's managed to churn out some decent performances and this seemed to be a pretty good performance on his part. Barnes was a complex character with a sordid history and if I knew what was going on with him I would have really enjoyed his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman and he is rather bland and always looks like a deer in the headlights which I can understand his confusion after reading this script and then trying to perform it. Amanda Peet plays his wife and she does well in the few scenes she is given. Christopher Plummer makes a cameo appearance as someone doing something. I like Plummer and love seeing him show up even if he doesn't get top billing anymore.<br /><br />The cast is intense if only the story made sense. I'd like to exact quote the description of plot on IMDb. "A missile disappears in Iran but the CIA has other problems: the heir to an Emirate gives an oil contract to China cutting out a US company that promptly fires its immigrant workers and merges with a small firm that has landed a Kazakhstani oil contract. The Department of Justice suspects bribery and the oil company's law firm finds a scapegoat. The CIA also needs one when its plot to kill the Emir-apparent fails. Agent Bob Barnes the fall guy sorts out the double cross. An American economist parlays the death of his son into a contract to advise the sheik the CIA wants dead. The jobless Pakistanis join a fundamentalist group. All roads start and end in the oil fields." WHAT!?!? Say who now?? Syriana might be the thinking man's movie but it bored me to tears and no matter how hard I tried to stay with it I eventually surrendered and turned it off after an hour and a half and you couldn't have bribed me enough to get me to finish it. I suppose if you want to form an opinion than by all means watch it but I promise you someone looking for entertainment or an enjoyable film will be asleep in the first half hour. 1/10
critique7535 Last time I checked the Nazis didn't win the second world war - not that you'd sodding notice. After all the Third Reich was pretty big on issuing orders and demanding cold robotic obedience from the populace and that's pretty much what we're saddled with today. But the way the orders are delivered has changed. Instead of being barked at in a German accent through a loudhailer they're disguised as concerned expert advice and floated under your nose every time you switch on the TV or flip open a newspaper There's a continual background hum a middle-class message of self-improvement whispered on the wind.<br /><br />"You eat too much. You eat the wrong things. You drink. You smoke. You don't get enough exercise. You probably can't even *beep* properly. You'll die if you don't change your ways. Your health will suffer. Have you got no self-respect? Look at you. You sicken me. I pity you. I hate you. We all hate you. God hates you. Don't you get it? It's so sad what you're doing to yourself. It's just so bloody sad." That's the mantra. And it goes without saying that the people reciting it are routinely depicted as saints. Last year the media dropped to its knees to give Jamie Oliver a collective blow job over his School Dinners series in which he campaigned to get healthier food put on school menus. Given the back-slapping reaction you'd be forgiven for thinking he'd personally rescued 5000 children from the jaws of a slavering paedophile.<br /><br />Anyway the series was a huge success. In fact in telly terms there was only one real drawback: it wasn't returnable. After all when you've saved every child in the nation from certain death once you can't really do it a second time. The only solution is to find a new threat which brings us to Ian Wright's Unfit Kids (Wed 9pm C4) a weekly "issuetainment" programme in which the former footballer and renowned enemy of grammar forces a bunch of overweight youngsters to take part in some extra-curricular PE.<br /><br />It's essentially a carbon copy of the Jamie Oliver show with more sweating and fewer shots of pupils mashing fresh basil with a pestle: an uplifting fable in which Wrighty shapes his gang of misfits into a lean mean exercising' machine - combating apathy and lethargy confronting lazy parents and attempting to turn the whole thing into a nationwide issue that'll have Range Rover mums everywhere dampening their knickers with sheer sanctimony in between trips to the Conran shop. Oh isn't it simply terrible what these blob-some plebes do to themselves? Not our Josh you understand: he eats nothing but organic spinach and attends lacrosse practise six hundred times a week.<br /><br />Bet he does the little sh1t yes it is heartwarming to watch flabby inconvenient kids transforming themselves with a bit of simple activity... but there's something about the underlying eat-your-greens message that really sticks in my craw in case you hadn't guessed.<br /><br />What happened to the concept of CHOICE you *beep* So a bit of jogging might increase your life expectancy - so what? That just equates to a few more years in the nursing home - whoopee do. And besides I'd rather drop dead tomorrow than spend the rest of my life sharing a planet with a bunch of smug toss ends trying to out-health one another.<br /><br />In episode two video games and the internet are singled out as villains in the war on flab: they make kids too sedentary you see. Oddly enough TV which is equally sedentary and unlike those two activities actively encourages you to let your mind atrophy along with your physique escapes without a rollicking. Funny that.<br /><br />Well listen here Channel 4 - instead of forcing kids to eat bracken or do squat-thrusts how about teaching them to think more expansively so they reject the sly cajoling nature of programmes like this? Or would that be a campaign too far?
critique7536 My question is what was the worst element of this movie? Was it the acting? directing? script?. Maybe it was the waste of Alan Ladd and Jack LaRue. LaRue and especially Ladd are capable of bringing extreme sinisterness to a role. In this movie it was hard to tell who the bad guy was. Granted Ladd was playing an undercover good guy but even in his good guy roles he could be very chilling. So the net result was a potentially good movie bereft of any feeling of conflict.
critique7537 This was recently on AMC's vibrant movie classics and I had to laugh. I had high hopes for this adventure that follows in the vein of "Voyage to the Earth's Core" and "Mysterious Island". I was sorely disappointed not only in the acting credentials but in the silly story line that reads from a five year old's comic book. Be sure to catch sight of the wires that are holding on to the Pterdactyl's wings when they grasp "Ogar" a half idiot pre-modern man who befriends the lost adventurers. The ending left it open for further rehashing of the same effects in "People that Time Forgot". Don't waste your time.
critique7538 Heard some good remarks about this film as being very gory and frightning but it's neither. Obviously the screenwriter wanted to do a scary horror film but at the same time inject some teenage comedy for the young target audience. Scares and comedy seldomly result in good films the same goes for MONSTER MAN.<br /><br />Not really funny nor scary or overly enjoyable on ANY other level.<br /><br />Aproaching 39 years of age I've seen my share of horror movies. I have seen good ones and terrible ones but the crop of films released these days are so frighteningly mediocre it bores me to watch 'em. The acceptance these days for bad films like this is what really annoys me. Let's face it they produced a lot of crap in the 70's 80's and 90's but they were regarded as such then as well. Today they're regarded as "good entertainment". - Bollocks!
critique7539 quite possibly one of (if not the) worst film ever conceived cast and acted in the history of cinema. Who on God's green earth would ever think to cast Cameron Diaz and James Mardsen as a couple? She looked like his mother. God forgive me but I am just being honest. And that was the least of the many problems plaguing this horrible excuse for a film. It was a horrible statement against women but at least if you're gonna blame women for the problems of the world tell a decent story not one with so many annoying loop holes and pathetic excuses for suspense and thrills. Everybody should get their money back who went to see it in theaters or bought the DVD.
critique7540 Seen this one in a Sneak Preview yesterday and must say it was terrible. After the credits I thought: "Hey with this cast it'll probably be pretty good". Didn't at all turn out that way. <br /><br />Lame predictable groaners terribly simply drawn characters (maybe except a little Ms. Lara's) and an ending one could foresee 10 minutes into the movie. And worst of all it misused a delicate theme (handicapped persons) for low level and mostly tasteless jokes without ever touching anything but the surface of the issue. The handicapped person the film sympathises with the most is the one who is just faking it. What kind of message is that? And the film doesn't have a thought through ending at all it basically comes down to: "I love you doesn't matter that you acted like a prick."<br /><br />To sum it up: Great cast that must have been terribly bored to sign up for a terrible flick.
critique7541 I don't know where to begin. This movie feels a lot like one of those cheap Saturday morning kids shows that they used to make back in the late eighties early nineties. Sort of like Captain Power or the Power Rangers. It's full of bad digital overlays and really cheesy sounding "secret agencies" and villains.<br /><br />The acting is so bad that it's not even funny. The direction is terrible and there is little to now continuity. It seems as if someone just threw a bunch of scenes together and forgot that there was supposed to be a plot.<br /><br />Perhaps one of the most ridiculous scenes in the movie comes early on when several villains plant an explosive device in an agents car. For some reason even though the device is clearly stated as being "remote detonated" the bad guys decide to chase her down on their motorcycles as she drives away. This chase carries on. all the while with the bad guys doing ludicrous and completely pointless bike stunts. Standing up on the bikes doing wheelies and so on. At one point a crash happens and one of the attackers is thrown from his bike we see the bike (clearly cgi) thrown over the agents car but the rider has vanished. Then a few seconds later the rider and bike return...apparently unscathed by the crash. At this point even though the car has an explosive device planted in it the attackers choose to shoot the agent while driving past then blow up her car. Which was also clearly done with cgi. Sound confusing? It is and so is the rest of the movie.<br /><br />I might point out that when I say cgi we aren't talking about Lord Of The Rings type cgi here. We're talking the cheap cheesy Power Rangers type cgi actually I think it would have been done better on Power Rangers.<br /><br />Why Savini and Todd did this movie I will never know I can only assume they did for money as a favor to someone or because they were blackmailed into it...probably the last one.
critique7542 Clifton Webb is one of my favorites. However Mister Scoutmaster is not one of his best. His patented curmudgeon role seems forced and even unpleasant rather than funny. The film itself is overflowing with mawkish sentimentality. In addition the viewer is presented with numerous ham-handed references to religious faith and U.S. patriotism that come off as over-reverent rather than genuine. Clifton Webb does his best with a poor script. Edmund Gwenn plays yet another jovial clergyman and is given nothing to do. The child actor lead is played by a talentless child who displays a flat affect throughout the entire film. His sole claim to fame as a performer evidently is a bullfrog-like low voice unusual for someone of his age. However once you've heard it you've heard it and you don't need to hear it again. Unfortunately he is in the majority of the film's scenes. I find this child so irritating that I fast forward whenever he shows up. Since he has a lot of scenes in this film this means that I fast forward through a lot of the film. There were and are so many talented child actors; it's a pity this film doesn't have any of them in it. Still Clifton Webb in the traditional broad-brimmed hat and shorts is a sight worth seeing.
critique7543 Don't get me wrong I assumed this movie would be stupid I honestly did I gave it an incredibly low standard to meet. The only reason I even saw it was because there were a bunch of girls going (different story for a different time). As I began watching I noticed something this film was terrible. Now there are two types of terrible there's Freddy vs. Jason terrible where you and your friends sit back and laugh and joke about how terrible it is and then there is a movie like this. The Cat in The Hat failed to create even a momentary interest in me. As I watched the first bit of it not only was I bored senseless but I felt as though I had in some way been violated by the horrendousness of said movie. Mike Myers is usually brilliant I love the majority of his work but something in this movie didn't click. One of the things that the director/producers/writers/whatevers changed was that they refused to use any of the colors of the original book (red black white) on any character but the Cat. Coincidentally or not they also refused to capture any of the original (and i hate to use this word but it fits) zaniness of the original. The book was like an Ice Cream Sunday colorful and delicious and the movie was about as bland and hard to swallow as sawdust.<br /><br />Avoid this like a leprous prostitute.
critique7544 I don't understand why making remakes has become the trend. Every remake I have ever seen is awful and this is no exception. If any of you have seen the quote from Ben Jones that it is a "sleazy" piece of trash he is quite right. Why they would take a wonderful television show which I loved have never missed an episode and own seasons 1-4 on DVD and ruin it I'll never know. The television show was a family show and although Daisy has the body it was really flaunted or even addressed in the show save the outfits. A family show has been turned in to a dirty piece of garbage and I wouldn't recommend anyone go see it. Another thing I didn't like was that John Schneider and Tom Wopat are excellent actors (along with the rest of the original cast) and they are also extremely cute. The new Bo and Luke are not even a little cute. That was one of the drawers for the show. The casting is terrible. They could have at least gotten a brunette for Daisy. I don't think Burt Reynolds is a qualified Boss Hogg either. Every other role he has ever played is totally opposite this role. The only role they cast halfway decent is Willie Nelson as Uncle Jesse but still it is no comparison. Denver Pyle is an actor all his own and that made him perfect for the role. I think that the casting is awful the story is awful and all in all ruined a wonderful show and turned it into a dirty terrible movie. I wouldn't recommend anyone go see it. I only saw it out of curiosity plus there was a free ticket in season 4 DVD. I would never have paid to see this movie but it was free. DON'T PAY TO SEE THIS MOVIE.
critique7545 Pinocchio's revenge is not a good movie. Nor is it terrible.<br /><br />The acting was wooden at least on Pinocchio's part.The puppet had all of 2 expressions.As did most of the actorsexcept strangely enough...the secondary characters...most of them were enjoyable over the top.<br /><br />The special effects in this are pretty "B" and as I said earlier the puppet really blew.<br /><br />The 2 best scenes in the movie are the knife through the hand...looked pretty goodi think they spent about a 1/3 of the budget on that...and the shower scene...WOW...I think they must have spent the other 2/3rds of the budget on talking the actress who did that scene to do it.Outstanding.<br /><br />Seriously this is a slightly below average "b" horror puppet movie...rent Chucky if you have a urge to see puppets kill.<br /><br />The story had a few interesting idea's enough to keep me watching it to the end.
critique7546 this movie is outrageous. by outrageous i mean awful. i had more fun watching the paint dry at my local hardware store on an august day while suffering from a migraine and heat stroke. the acting got progressively worse as the "movie" advanced and the directors use of euphoric drugs became apparent as the final scenes approached. when misty was shot to death she decided that it would be prudent to blink post mordem. that was not intelligent. truthfully stevie wonder could have caught that with his eyes closed. if you are deciding between playing with a nail gun while intoxicated and watching this movie bear in mind that the nail gun will probably give you a better story to tell your friends.
critique7547 Alfred Hitchcok is not my favorite director by any means but imagine what he could have done with this! The plot holds much potential for suspense. John Garfield is as almost always excellent and Raymond Massey is scarily cast against type. Nancy Coleman is not a very impressive leading lady but the supporting cast is large and very capable.<br /><br />Yes it starts to sag fairly early. There are too many coincidences. And an important subject is trivialized by its being made into little more in the end than a love story.<br /><br />It's fun to watch for Garfield Massey and the character performers. But it's not awfully good.
critique7548 What I hoped for (or even expected) was the well known "stop motion" imagery and extreme slow motions extreme zooms and all embracing fish eye takes. In short: The art of a) finding interesting Visual Events and b) capturing them in a way the human eye is not capable of to be replayed so that the human eye can see. The stuff that made the other Qatsi's hits.<br /><br />I just wondered how the creation of the whole would fit the title.<br /><br />Having watched the movie I got the feeling that the focus in this third part was on the message and not on the wrapping. That's fine especially since the message is so valid. But I already knew the message and it appeared there was nothing else left for me. More then half the film was solarized or colorized or posterized or transformed through some other filter. It looked a lot like the effects your video camera does but you never use. A lot of the images would have been prettier without the filters like the giraffe and zebra chase. You could say that 'technology or whatever human based malicious source disfigured our beautiful nature' but why use these seventies effects to symbolize that? At the point that there had been more than 10 minutes in a row of this cheap looking effect I was ready to leave. The hope that the rest just couldn't BE that bad made me stay. But then there was the slow motion: slow motion is good because it gives you time to analyze the moving picture. But if there are no more than 24 or maybe 50 or 60 frames a second then there's just not enough motion to slow down. Please record the motion-to-be-slowed faster like was done with the beautiful shots of the foaming and splashing water (some of) the laughing people and the drill song singing soldiers. I acknowledge that archive pictures can't be redone but I had already seen a lot of that footage anyway it could have done without it. It must have been a lot of work to search through the archive footage and the effects can't have been that easy to apply and arrange as well. On top of that a lot of the work was mixed with each other. It shows that the creator wasn't out to lengthen the movie or to spare himself. But I didn't like the mixed stuff one bit... The idea behind it was sometimes nice or even clever but the implementation was insufficient. The computer generated images didn't bother me that much however out of date. The 'bits' streaming along circuits (in the first part of the film) looked more recent and were nice. Mandelbrot is always fun the fractal-mountain was less. I was pleased to hear a cello playing a major role in the music. A little less vibrato at certain moments would have been appropriate with Glass' music but that's a matter of taste. As is all of the above of course. I do hope that there will be another Qatsi story to tell soon where computer imagery will have a less significant role and that will inspire somebody to get into the field again.<br /><br />
critique7549 There was a time in the US that everything was possible on film so came the roughies movies containing horror and explicit scene's. The best known are Forced Entry and Waterpower but of course those were made with a bit of budget. All shown on 42nd in NY but hey there were other grindhouses out there that showed no budget roughies. Wet Wilderness is an example of it. It circuited the underground scene after a while so copies were available but as seen on other reviews some copies were abrupt cut at the end. But the version I watched was complete. Well i would call this one more a porn one then a roughie there is a serial killer around but he likes more to watch others have sex instead of killing them when he kills it's done off screen. The acting is the worst I ever seen. And I guessed that the so called actors didn't like what they are doing for example in the beginning when we have the lesbian scene watch one girl stop performing and pulls a pubic hair out of here mouth then continues doing what was happening or when mother is riding the black man the daughter is sitting in the grass annoyed by ants! But it is the storyline that made this one famous incest and racism is what this made it famous. When there is blood watch the two girls sitting there waiting for a cue to act god this is worse but still one to have if you are into sleaze and grindhouse. Be sure that you have the full version.
critique7550 Sometimes things should just not be made. And while the set-up seemed good enough it proceeds to only make the audience gasp in horror. But the problem is its not another Saw film. Its just so bad you wish you were receiving punishment from Jason Voorhees.<br /><br />I lost track of how many sports movies and spoofs it incorporated into the film. And generally it flopped in its attempts. True telling his team they should fail every subject to be true players was somewhat funny at first but that grew tiring to watch. That and the joke about "Radio" and "IPod".<br /><br />Overall I can't stand to watch this film again. Even Trantasia is worth more than this. "D-"
critique7551 This movie is simply far too long far too repetitive with the male nudity and sexuality being (as this is said as a gay with my own collection of adult titles) far too gratuitous and unnecessary. Much of the first third of the movie could have been cut down to ten minutes and been equally as effective without trying the patience (and stamina) of an audience.<br /><br />I saw this movie on an early Saturday afternoon with a film festival audience; the type of crowd that tends to be more adventuresome interested in more experimental or atypical films such as one without much dialog shorts foreign films. The near sell out crowd in an approximate 275 seat theater started to dribble out within the first half of the movie and while the great majority did stay for the "pay off" (which never actually arrived) I have never in about 14 years of attending any number of film festivals experimental gay and otherwise seen such a large number of people walk away from a film. <br /><br />This movie could easily have been cut down by more than half and been as effective as it was. It also could have gone in different directions still with a shorter running time and been far more effective.<br /><br />As it currently exists this is not something that one can readily recommend or one I would have any desire to watch again.
critique7552 Dieter Bohlen Germany's notorious composer and producer of slightly trashy pop hits like "You're my heart you're my soul" felt the need to tell his story - and gracefully he decided to hire a ghost writer. The result was a funny book about his life. Well more or less a fuzzy image of it. He didn't deny that he is a selfish asshole but the whole story was twisted to fit his image of himself. No word that he has probably beaten up his former wife and she ended up in hospital. However it was written in a funny style and a huge success after his appearance as jury member of the German version of "American Idol" - especially his unforgettable comments.<br /><br />This should be the end of the story - really. In the hype of the mentioned "Idol" TV show called "Deutschland sucht den Superstar" (abbreviated DSDS) somebody must have come up with the terrible idea to make a movie out of the book. The result is "Dieter - der Film"<br /><br />I have rarely seen a movie which tries so desperately to be funny and fails so completely. None of the gags really hits the point. Naddel's voice and style of talking was getting on my nerves right away although Verona's voice should have done that more. Obvious childish predictable and lengthy gags destroy any motivation to watch this movie to the end within a few minutes. The content of the movie is a sloppy film adaption written sloppily down by a ghost writer based on Bohlen's sloppy idealized memory. They could have used this freedom to do almost everything. It was supposed to be a satire but they failed. The story is totally uninteresting and the fact that the background voice is Bohlen himself guarantees that the whole film has nothing satirical at all.<br /><br />It's no wonder that it was considered to bad for a cinema release. The probability that this thing would have rotten in some archive was quite high until recently when the current season of DSDS turned out to be a mediocre success. With the "friendly" help of Germany's biggest yellow press newspaper "BILD" and the desperate situation for the TV station RTL to have something in the program while the still unbeatable show "Wetten dass... ?" is running on Channel 2 the movie finally arrived in television - unfortunately.<br /><br />Watching this movie is a waste of time - there are certainly better cartoons with much more fun and a story actually worth looking at.<br /><br />Therefore: 2/10
critique7553 This movie was disgusting. Their should be a warning that some sadistic nasty writer is attempting to make a name for herself before being held hostage for an hour and a half watching garbage. What is garbage? The misuse of peoples time the misuse of energy and the waste of whatever type of educational system that taught her how to read and write. Talia you are a sick demented loser. Your psychiatrist needs to prescribe stronger medications for your problem. <br /><br />The acting and plot gave me no choice but to fast forward through the middle of the garbage. I ended up at a scene that was uncalled for. If you want to learn how to shock people watch a Larry Clark movie. I lost all respect for the entire cast of this movie "no more support from me." How could actors or actresses sit on a set while such gross depictions of human behavior is manifested from the mind of a psycho? I feel sorry for all actors that took part in that scene. I think the devil now knows who the writer of this movie is; congratulations you won his attention.
critique7554 Luckily I did not pay to see this movie. Also I cannot even reveal any spoilers because I willingly WALKED OUT after forty minutes of the movie. It was that bad. I laughed once when the Yahoo! billboard fell on the guy and the theme song came on. However that was only because I thought it was making fun of it but then I realized it was yet ANOTHER product placement. <br /><br />I loved the cartoon. I used to watch it almost religiously. (although i missed the last episode. I heard that they show Dr. Claw and it was nothing more than a Claw somebody comment on the show's page) The cartoon had Penny and Brain alot more than the movie had as to that point. I hated the setup of the whole thing reminiscent of Robocop. Then Broderick screws with the whole feeling of Inspector Gadget. He is not nearly as clumsy as the cartoon was. Another fact is his gadgets actually work to the point I saw except for the oil slick. He also screwed with the tone of "Wowsers" which used to be in an excited tone. I felt so disappointed that they slaughtered the cartoon so badly. Everybody else felt that way too. Us 14-17 year olds remember the cartoon fondly and we loved every minute of it.<br /><br />I went into the movie with an open mind knowing that they would have screwed with the cartoon. I was taken aback at how retarded the movie was. It relied on sight gags and stupid dialogue for humor. Disney relies on pain and physical humor to push a kids movie along. Product placement is pointless in this film and it shows. The wise-cracking car is not that good at cracking wise. The gadgets look nice but they were almost overly glossy. The cartoon was a better look. The silly scenes were crap. In the 40-45 minutes I watched the movie not one laugh was heard and they laughed at the Dudley-Do-Right preview. This movie should not be watched by people who want intelligence in their family entertainment. I highly recommend "The Iron Giant" which was sad but very very good. This movie is a travesty to the whole family drama.------------1
critique7555 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique7556 And that comes from someone that will withstand almost ANY viewing. The acting and sound is awful. This might qualify for a "so bad it's good" point of meritfor some. However I take my horror movies seriously and this is just crap-it's just soooo cheap I think that's my major complaint. The dialogue is often hilarious-attention to how many times "you startled me" is used. The "child" actress is seriously god awful-I pray her acting career ended here..her line "DONUTS! I HATE DONUTS" is worth repeated viewing however.
critique7557 If regarded as an independent feature I can't say it's too bad at all but from where I'm standing this sequel and the original "Lady and the Tramp" don't agree with each other! They are two completely different movies with different style different voice personalities different narratives and about the only thing that they share with each other is the visuals (e.g. the town-house of Jim Dear Darling Lady and Tramp) and none of those have changed.<br /><br />If you're seeking any kind of continuity years after the release of the original for those memorable songs like "Bella Notte" and "The Siamesse Cats Song" this sequel won't give you any at all! Just about every song has a little pop to it and those good old characters like Jock and Trusty Jim Dear and Darling and Aunt Sarah and her cats may well be seen but they're seeming to be somehow replaced by new characters not to mention Peg not appearing at all whose voices are quite annoying. Even Lady and Tramp don't appear often enough and as for Scamp?! He is so spoilt! And treats his father Tramp with utter disrespect then runs away with no remorse even after hearing how much he's being missed at home! And they called his shameless getaway an adventure! I'd say Scott Wolf truly brought out the abusive bad boy in Scamp wiping out the typical cute Disney animal. Even the old characters just drive you mad in this; Trusty sounds like Goofy sick in bed Jock (Jeff-stupid-Bennett) - and his VOICE - sound neither Scottish nor worth hearing! Zap him off as far as possible to free our poor ears from his voice and as for the dumb feather-brained EXASPERATING JUNKYARD DOGS!!!!!! Somebody put them down!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />"Lady and the Tramp 2" isn't completely bad if you're not already having a tough day but I expect a lot more charm from a sequel to a true classic - Scamp is chavvy so is his girlfriend Angel and there is a feeble storyline. Still I think you should try it at least once because as I say there are much worse movies around.
critique7558 This movie describes a truly horrific event to be sure. But it all falls down from poor performances from all the cast. It is impossible to feel the emotion of almost any character as all the emotional scenes seem like parodies of themselves. For example a character is shot at the start of the movie and you get the clichÃƒÂ©d desperate "Am I gonna make it Sergeant?" "Yeah it ain't nothing'" but it plays out like a sketch from a Wayans Brothers movie (I don't know if they've made the War Movie yet) or something starring Leslie Nielsen.<br /><br />The sergeant played by Sean Penn reminds me of Al Bundy from Married With Children while Fox is the greatest self-deprecating good-guy clichÃƒÂ© you can imagine... Thank God he curses and smokes during it.<br /><br />His emotional "NOOOO!!!" is definitely more suited to comedies like Back To The Future than so-called serious movies such as this.<br /><br />To their credit some of the "main" scenes... (without giving too much away where they actually perform some fairly horrific acts) ...are well done and do make us take the subject matter seriously. But that is in spite of not thanks to the acting.
critique7559 Because IT IS that's why! This is the same jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. Rosanna Arquette makes anything worth watching and Mandy Schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end almost make this trite blarney worthwhile but not quite.<br /><br />* out of ****
critique7560 Yes he is! ...No not because of Pintilie likes to undress his actors and show publicly their privies. Pintilie IS THE naked "emperor" - so to speak...<br /><br />It's big time for someone to state the truth. This impostor is a voyeur a brat locked in an old man's body. His abundance of nude scenes have no artistic legitimacy whatsoever. It is 100% visual perversion: he gets his kicks by making the actors strip in the buff and look at their willies. And if he does this in front of the audience he might eve get a hard-on! Did you know that on the set of "Niki Ardelean" he used to embarrass poor Coca Bloss by telling her: "Oh Coca how I wanna f*** you!"? She is a great lady very decent and sensitive and she became unspeakably ashamed - to his petty satisfaction! And as a worrying alarm signal about the degree of vulgarity and lack of education in Romanian audiences so many people are still so foolish to declare these visual obscenities "works of art"! Will anyone have ever the decency to expose the truth of it all?
critique7561 I have now seen quite a few films by Pedro AlmodÃƒÂ³var but this would have to be the most disappointing so far. This film seemed to lack the zaniness that is usually everywhere in his films and the story just never got me interested. Many AlmodÃƒÂ³var regulars appear in this film so it's not like there was a lack of on-screen talent but this film just seemed more serious than his other films. If there was a comedic edge to this movie I certainly couldn't find it and it made for one surprisingly weak movie.
critique7562 (Spoilers galore) This is an absolutely awful film. First of all it has that guy from medium. I guess he's made a career out of playing super doting dads. It was OK the first time he tried to scare his son by pretending to be a monster...but then 10 minutes later they cloyingly did it again! And so it goes this film moves in excruciating real time. At one point I started imaging it was days later until I was reminded that the story line was only at the next day...in the early afternoon still! I'm not really sure who this couple is supposed to be in real life. First of all they are presented as sort of a Manhattan yuppie couple who grew up and had a kid. But they drive an old blue Volvo. Those types stopped driving Volvos decades ago. Today they drive Priuses. But in 2002 I'm sure they still weren't driving Volvos.<br /><br />OK then there's Wendigo. A "mysterious Indian man" gives the boy a little magic Wendigo statue and tells him of its powerful magic. C'mon...are we still doing ancient Indian mysteries. Just to drive it home they pan across every Indian statue in their tourist trap upstate New York town. American Indians are portrayed in a manner not seen for decades in this film! Oh and about Wendigo. He is not actually the cause of the horror. He doesn't kill the kid's dad which is the most horrible thing in the film...he's just killed by an ordinary hick with a grudge and a high powered rifle. The Wendigo only comes out late in the film to avenge the guy who killed the dad...oh but wait it seemed earlier that Wendigo was kind of mad at the dad maybe because he killed a deer...so then Wendigo must have been happy that the dad was killed...but...<br /><br />And so it goes...insulting boring and nonsensical. There is no reason to watch this film at all.
critique7563 It's about jealousy it's about racism it's about manipulation but the underlying message is love. Geoffrey Sax tried to pull off Shakespeare's Othello by bringing it to modern day context. However the actors were not convincing enough to pull this off. There were extra bodies to help put everything in to perspective however John Othello played by Eamonn Walker over reacted a lot in this film causing for the down fall of Keeley Hawes Dessie Brabant eventually ending in Dessie's death. <br /><br />Ben Jago played by Christopher Eccleston was seen as the main character in the film. He didn't give enough evidence for Dessie to be cheating on Othello with Michael Cass played by Richard Coyle. Instead he just played a friend to all and gave one reason as to why she "was" cheating. In the play it took a lot more convincing from Iago to make Othello even suspect anything. This change made the movie more about rage for the wrong reasons than what the book was based off of. However the movie did have a few good points. It turned the army scenes into more a racist group toward blacks where Othello is the main chief of the police squad. These scenes are made believable by the raging crowds and burning fires. You are able to sense the amount of racism in the movie more so than you can in the book. This book plays up the modern day scenes by making it much easier to understand than the Shakespearian times it was written in. In the play Iago (Jago) gets tortured at the end but in the film he gets his satisfaction and gets Othello's position. He never gets what he deserves and is never caught for telling the lie to Othello until it is too late. I saw this as a downfall in the movie because I feel that the villain is granted his treasure of the promotion out of lying and in the book he is found out by Rodrigo. Overall the movie could have done a better job based on the play than what it did. I feel that the director of the movie left out some of the most important parts of the play that were mentioned or there to make the play flow or make it more of a tragedy. I would say that you should read the book first in order to understand all of the events that happened in the movie otherwise you may find yourself lost and confused.
critique7564 Steve Martin looks like he's had a face lift. Something very strange about his face. I usually like anything Steve does but this movie comes off as trashy not funny. Didn't think Charlene encouraging him to be rough with his wife was a good message to be sending out to teens watching this film.
critique7565 Usually I'm the one criticizing the twenty-something Neanderthals for not being able to appreciate a film unless it has plastic t*ts gunfights and car chases. However in this case the film might actually have been improved with a few of those additions. At least I wouldn't have gotten bored after an hour and changed channels.<br /><br />I don't mind surreal and I certainly don't mind having to pay attention to find subtlety or hidden meaning but there should be some point to the whole thing. I didn't get the feeling that even the writer or director really had a broad vision of anything but were instead just so self-absorbed in their own pretentious visions that they became deliberately scattered. Or perhaps they just got confused themselves. Either way I don't care. It bored the crap out of me for just over an hour with no saving grace.<br /><br />Although a whole pack of other viewers have filled up this site with excited ravings about the alleged symbolism and masterful cinematography I must respectfully disagree. Perhaps I didn't mince through enough film classes to appreciate some inspired techniques not visible to mere mortals ...<br /><br />Or perhaps this movie was just crap. <br /><br />I give it a "1" and file it next to "Ishtar."
critique7566 Yes this movie is bad. What's worse is that it takes no advantage whatsoever of its own title!! In the ENTIRE movie zombies and vampires fight each other ONCE OR TWICE. On top of that we're never really sure if the main character in the movie is DEFINITELY a vampire. One might argue they were trying to "tone it down" or make it "realistic" but it ends up just boring. More than half of this movie takes place IN A CAR. The scenes that take place anywhere else aren't much to brag about either. Also there's no clear antagonist and in the end you have no idea what really happened for the last 30 minutes of the movie. <br /><br />However I will say that for a film this low in production value the soundtrack was surprisingly appropriate and instrumented (with either an origonal score or sampled music from elsewhere). <br /><br />I'm all for independent films but it doesn't look like this was ever intended for a mass audience (if any). <br /><br />"worse than Scarecrow slayer."
critique7567 The lines in the title of this review are the first lines in this film's theme song a wonderfully demented parody of the (in my opinion horrible) song "My favorite things" from "The Sound of Music". And this fun little detail isn't the only aspect that makes "The Body Shop" aka. "Doctor Gore" (1973) recommendable to my fellow Gore/Trash fans. The film which was created almost entirely by J.G. Patterson Jr. who served as producer writer director and leading man as the eponymous Dr. Gore is crap no doubt but it is also beyond doubt that it is amusing and that everyone involved probably Patterson especially was aware that they were not exactly making a masterpiece.<br /><br />Dr. Brandon (Patterson) a famous but totally insane plastic surgeon looses his beloved wife Anitra a model in an accident. Along with his hunchbacked assistant Greg (Roy Mehaffey) he henceforth kidnaps beautiful young women in order to build himself a new perfect wife out of their body-parts...<br /><br />"Doctor Gore" is doubtlessly a film of the 'so bad it's good kind' but it is also has qualities beyond the usual ridiculous trashiness. Mad science has always been one of my absolute favorite Horror topics and as a matter of fact it is also one of the coolest topics for ridiculous Gore Trash flicks. Obviously shot on a minimal budget "Doctor Gore" pays some homage to the "Frankenstein" films especially James Whale's masterpiece "Bride of Frankenstein" (1935) and resembles the look of the early Troma / Herschell Gordon Lewis Gore flicks such as "Blood Feast" (1963) - only that this looks a lot cheaper and crappier. Obviously J.G. Patterson's motive was not merely to make a fun gore flick: Being a rather ugly weird-looking fellow his role of Dr. Brandon gave Patterson the opportunity to make out with a couple of hot scarcely dressed young women (who would later end up as body-part donors in Dr. Brandon's laboratory).<br /><br />Most of the gore is actually pretty well-made regarding the obviously tiny budget. The dialogue includes some extremely hilarious lines ("Get that it might be the door... and put a coat on so they don't see you're a hunchback."). Besides the aforementioned theme song "Doctor Gore" also includes a wonderfully crappy appearance by a country band called 'Bill Hicks and the Rainbows' - my new favorite band NOT. For the rest of the film I kept wondering whether Bill Hicks and Roy Mehaffey who plays the hunchbacked assistant are twins or even the same person - the two look exactly the same and having two unrelated obese red-bearded guys looking this weird in one film would be a huge coincidence. Other than J.G. Patterson most of the cast members never did any other films. This is the first film I've seen out of the few by Patterson. Sadly the man died of cancer in 1975.<br /><br />Overall "Doctor Gore" is a film that certainly isn't for everyone. As a matter of fact it is total crap. But it is also amusing and recommendable to my fellow fans of weirdness and cheap camp stuff. Dictionaries should show a screenshot from this film under 'trash flick'.
critique7568 You'd hardly know that a year later MGM put Norma Shearer in THE DIVORCEE which glows with MGM technical know how. How far they came in one year. CHENEY is a very stagey early talkie. The camera hardly moves. Shearer is her usual charming self and Rathbone does well in a romantic leading role. They are all very careful to speak clearly and slowly into the microphone source which does mitigate against a naturally flowing dramatic scene but the play is a sturdy and fun warhorse so one can enjoy oneself if one's expectations are not too high. Oh by the way the plot involves a ring of upper class jewel thieves who infiltrate themselves into society to prey on their victims. There are some clever twists in the script and true love conquers all. An Oscar nom for Best Screenplay Adaptation.
critique7569 I happened to catch this movie on late night TV. I saw the opening credits and thought this looks good. Well I was very wrong. While not excruciatingly bad (it had some funny and tender moments)it lacked any sense of cohesion.<br /><br />It started off well enough with Kathy Bates'character having a midlife crisis of sorts when her husband leaves her and her singing idol is murdered. But Kathy has played these disaffected women so well before - think Fried Green Tomatoes. The problem wasn't Kathy it was the clueless screenplay that wandered all over the place. It was as if the writers must have been thinking what will we do next. The script also felt very contrived.<br /><br />Some others who have posted comments on this movie have wondered why it didn't receive a cinematic release. The main reason I think would have been to avoid embarrassment and the critics would have murdered it.<br /><br />Having said all that I thought the small woman who played Maudie was fantastic and stole the movie not to mention how beautiful she is.
critique7570 I agree totally with another of the reviewers here who was pleased "For The Birds" won the Oscar in 2002 for "Best Animated Short" not this sick material which is pretentious at best and appealing to anyone of course who has no belief in heaven or hell.<br /><br />The animation was good but so are a lot of animated shorts. And by the way I love dark humor but this just was unappealing from the start.<br /><br />As for the story here: a guy walking around and surrounded by nothing but grey (symbolism here) is told by a TV set (which appears every few hundred yards away) that he is in either heaven hell or purgatory. Each time he puts a gun to his head and shoots himself after hearing the news. I guess that would be funny in two of the three instances.
critique7571 I was really looking forward to watching this being that I love Danny Dyer and I think Gillian Anderson is a gifted actress. The beginning was interesting. I liked the relationship between the two stars. It then quickly jumps to the main plot which is they get attacked by a group of strangers and Dyer gets beaten extremely bad while Anderson gets raped. They then decide to go for some revenge. Sounds good right? Well it's not. The story gets boring and side-tracked and certain things get really weird. I won't give out any details but things happen that I for one have no desire to see. I like to give all movies the benefit of the doubt and I really wanted to like this one. It just didn't work out. I give it a 3 out of 10 mainly for the acting.
critique7572 This is a poorly written and badly directed short film pure and simple. What is interesting and keep me watching to some extent was the production values. Shot on video it appears with a bad script and bad direction one would think it would also have horrible production value. That is what the viewer expects when they watch a film that is terrible and shot on video. BUT Not in this case they spent some money and it shows. It keep me very mildly interested to see what was coming next just to see!<br /><br />Probably the worst short film I have seen that looked big budget hollywood even though it was shot on some sort of video format.<br /><br />Instead of spending the sum of money they must have spent for some rather impressive set design it would have been nicer to see a better executed story with some good direction. But then again how can we expect new filmmakers to do this when even hollywood won't.
critique7573 In 1979 Lucio Fulci released his film Zombi. However due to the earlier import of George Romero's Dawn of the Dead which had gone by that name for its Italian release it was retitled to Zombi 2. (Which also had the bonus of letting the audience think this was a sequel to the second Romero movie). Continuing this theme the second Zombi film which would have been called Zombi 2 was then consequently titled Zombi 3. In the UK the original Zombi film (that is Zombi 2) was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue THIS theme the second Zombi film (Zombi 3) was then titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for its UK release. (Are you following all this?) So if Zombie Flesh Eaters was Fulci's Dawn then is 2 his Day of the Dead? While this is only a flippant observation this tale of military compounds helicopters and a plodding narrative certainly does bear a vague thematic resemblance.<br /><br />Some of Fulci's European direction compels in a film like this but the acting dubbing and exposition-heavy script are absolutely horrendous. Its ecological message is so forced and overstated it can no longer be considered a subtext while there's an (unintentionally) hilarious Birds homage. Combining this last element with MOR 80s rock is not a good idea. For some reason I couldn't stop thinking of Time of the Apes (q.v.) the whole time I was watching this. This is obviously not a good thing.<br /><br />While there's nothing here to rival topless scuba-diving shark wrestling zombies and eyeballs on a splinter Fulci's misogynistic leanings do get a work out with a hotel cleaner's mouth being ground into a mirror until it gushes blood. His fannish gore predilections also see a hand severing. Both themes are combined when a woman's face is ripped off first by one zombie then a zombie foetus that tears out of a pregnant woman's stomach.<br /><br />Production-wise this is obviously a step up from Zombi coming five years later. (Nine years in worldwide release terms). But without the original's low-key charm it struggles while Stefano Mainetti's music is inappropriate and uninspired. Fabio Frizzi's score was one of the best things about the '79 movie. Here zombie attacks are played out to what sounds unnervingly like Bonnie Tyler's "Holding Out For A Hero". In the middle of this carnage we get an irksome love interest and Roger and Kenny two bland macho types who do everything with acrobatic urgency and constantly state the obvious. ("We're out of ammunition" to a stalling gun is a particular standout). But where it also falls down is in the zombies themselves. Low key or not Fulci's original had truly magnificent rotting zombies. Skull faces worms in eye sockets... they really were something to behold. By contrast this dull follow-up opts for the more traditional "men with a bit of paint on their faces" option. <br /><br />The climax rips off too many Romero movies to even be funny while the use of the DJ is a crass and cheap narrative device. Not containing the same elements of outrage and gratuitous nudity of the first this is unlikely to have the same cult appeal. <br /><br />It turns out that Fulci actually walked out on the project after reportedly directing just fifteen minutes the rest filmed by Bruno Mattei. I'm fairly sure that even Fulci would have balked at the ludicrous "flying zombie head" scene and so credit to the director for having the good sense to leave. Unfortunately however it's his name that's above the film title on releases so the majority of people will be left with the impression that this is a Fulci film through and through. On that scale then it's a major setback for him for this movie commits what you imagine Fulci would regard as the worst crime of all: that of being boring.
critique7574 I can't understand why so many peoples praised this show. Twin peaks is one of the most boring titles I have ever seen in my life.<br /><br />Now I have seen all season 1 episodes and seeing season 2 episode 1. Simply I can't take this show anymore.<br /><br />1) Where is the proper induction in criminal investigation?<br /><br />In season 1 there was a scene that agent Cooper throws stones to a bottle. Can you guess why he did that? He just want to identify murderer by doing this 'joke' while mentioning supernatural ability given by Tibet dream. Wow!!!<br /><br />2) There are too many unnecessary scenes in this show.<br /><br />For example season 2 started with a 'funny' scene that a dumb old man serves agent Cooper with a cup of milk while Cooper are laying down on the floor.( He got the gun shoots in his belly already. ) This old man is doing nothing but saying some dumb comments. That's all.<br /><br />This scene is really boring and even long ( 3 min 30 sec.... It's like Hell. )<br /><br />I would read some comic books rather than see this show anymore.
critique7575 I seems in the beginning a interesting film a Spanish thriller in a interesting nowadays Madrid but it isn`t none of that is actually a film only interesting for future films directors learning about what not to do making a film it can`t be worse in others words even the presence of a oscar winner ( Mira Sorvino ) isn`t enough to justify the $ 3.00 dollars expended to see this film  the acting is horrendous and it seems the actors were just waiting to finish the daily shots to go home it lead to nowhere and is boring weak and bad don`t expend time or money on this film.
critique7576 If asked how I would define the word " Shallow " I would reply " Watch a Jerry Bruckheimer production " . If asked how I would define the phrase " Wasted potential " I would reply " Watch a Jerry Bruckheimer production " . Bruckheimer productions are nearly always sure fire hits at the box office but nearly always receive critical pannings from the critics . Off the top of my head I can only think of AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN and BLACK HAWK DOWN getting a lot of critical acclaim . <br /><br />CRIMSON TIDE too received some begrudging acclaim from critics  it`s certainly one of Bruckheimer`s better films which alas isn`t saying much . The problem I had is the scenario that sets up the story : The Russians are fighting the Chechens and the conflict spreads through the whole of Russia leading to an ultra nationalist Russian to take over a nuclear missile base and threaten the West if they interfere . Maybe the ending of the cold war had everything to do with it but I found this set up very unconvincing . It`s not helped by some errors in geography like the French carrier Foch being in the Med ( Wouldn`t the Foch be better positioned in the black sea ? ) or that the expositional newsreel consists of familar footage featuring conflicts from the Balkans  the first gulf war and even Vietnam . Once again the adjective " Very unconvincing " crept into my mind . The story does improve somewhat when the story proper - A battle of wills concerning orders between a nuclear submarine commander and his number two - gets underway . Director Tony Scott does his best as do the cast  but the problem still lies in an unconvincing scenario . The worst thing is that if this had been made in the mid 1980s when WW3 was a real possibility - Nay probability - this film would have terrified me  but after the cold war ended so had the dangers of nuclear war which means CRIMSON TIDE has little impact .
critique7577 I was interested in seeing this movie because I knew it was Christian based. The director had a good idea/intentions when making this movie but it could have been better. I can understand why someone would still have feelings for who they believe is the greatest love of their life. However I didn't understand why the director made his friends so insensitive mean and rude. The main character kept apologizing to his friends when they were the ones mean to him. They weren't understanding at all and they used God as a reason to explain their behaviors. The main character nor anyone else didn't know if the ex-girlfriend was divorced still married etc but they were against him resolving old feelings that needed to be dealt with. His friends were suppose to be Christians and should have been portrayed as being supportive whether they agreed with his decision or not. So many times we do things in life where we don't apologize to those we have hurt in the past and when he was trying to do this they were all against him. The ironic part was his new female friend accused him of having stalking behavior for simply looking up an old friend when she did a really odd thing to get a hold of his name address and phone number...she seemed to be the stalker!. she didn't seem like a friend at all but was only looking out for herself. God is love...and I think God wants people to be with the person they were meant to be with and i feel the movie did a terrible injustice by making it seem like God doesn't care about true love...only that you stay with someone you made a bad choice with. We all make mistakes...it's all about what steps you take to make amends. Like I said the movie had potential but I was tired of the one-sided point of view being constantly repeated and jammed down the viewers throat by his so-called...well-meaning friends. This movie didn't hold true to the Christian belief of love but i give it a C for its effort.
critique7578 I hate a movie that doesn't have an ending. I don't care how good or bad the rest might be I don't like to be left without a conclusion. Such shows should insist upon a disclaimer ... something like: The movie you are about to watch has either no ending or is so ambiguous as to not be conclusive.<br /><br />In the movie the last scene we are left with is Dee and Dominic having a bit of a row and he says almost regretfully I thought that it couldn't be him because the fingers were either that of a girl or a child. THEN IT ENDS! Well sure the smoking gun so to say is in the hands of the Dee's son but what about Dominic's daughter? I actually thought we might discover it was her! Anyway unless you like inconclusive movies then I'd avoid this one. Otherwise I thought the movie generally good.
critique7579 This movie was definitely on the boring side. The acting was decent and the film looks pretty nice the soundtrack is definitely for fans of Kenny G and Michael Bolton. Speaking of the soundtrack I found it very ironic that a film about telling the truth and not stealing decided to use a song in it's titles that was a BLATANT RIPOFF of Paul Simon's "You Can Call Me Al" - except that they don't acknowledge it at all. Isn't there something a little hypocritical there? The scene that the main kid was in where he was mimicking a game show host was my favorite. 10 lines? I have to write ten lines about this movie to be included? What a ripoff I don't think it's too fair to FORCE people to write more than they would just to get it included!
critique7580 My goodness is this movie bad. I was totally misled by my local movie review because this is certifiable garbage. Yeah yeah good guys wear white bad guys wear black....and the good guys always win. Now go home and hug your kids and feel how good Hollywood has made you feel. Blech! I can't believe this brain dead movie was made by Wes Craven. I'm guessing he needed a little money to pay the mortgage so he made this piece of dung. It is the sort of production that makes anyone who watches movies regularly believe they could do as good or better than such an experienced director.<br /><br />Ya see a bad guy wants a sweet girl who loves her daddy to do a wittle IL' bad thing or he's gonna hurt her daddy. But being Ms. All-American girl next door we know she's gonna save the day and beat the bad guys...the end. Girl power ROCKS.<br /><br />C'mon now only an idiot would find this entertaining..."a roller coaster ride" let alone something fresh or new. All those "super-duper" reviews you see on this site are from industry hacks who are either making money off this flick paying back a favor or they have sold their souls to the devil.<br /><br />Rachael McAdams is beautiful....yup that's it. Not a good performance not a horrible one...she's just cute. She would have had to show a whole lot of skin to save this movie. She isn't tough enough to be a good female action lead.<br /><br />Cillian Murphy was at least passable in 28 Days. But here he plays a dumb villain pretending to be a smart one. He gets his ass kicked to and fro by the 5'5'' McAdams because after all she was a cheerleader...and a field hockey player...and I'm sure she owns all the Tae Bo tapes...so she should be able to kick the crap out of an international terrorist for hire. I wouldn't trust him to steal a pack of gum from 7-11.<br /><br />Ya see this movie was done before except before they did it well. Go re-rent any of the Die Hard movies. You have loved ones in danger international terrorists except the characters are more likable and believable and the bad guys are WAY more competent and interesting. I simply don't understand how Hollywood can continue to make such crap as if they were oblivious to the proper models they can readily copy. No wonder movie revenues are down.<br /><br />Throw your $6 down the toilet and save yourself 2 hours of your life you'll never get back.<br /><br />ciao FreddyShoop
critique7581 My wife and I enjoy bad science fiction movies. Some movies are so bad they are good. Mansquito was one of those. That one was bad but it had some redeeming qualities. It makes you wonder how a self respecting actor approaches lines like "Hey! Mansquito!"<br /><br />This one is so bad it has now taken its place as our standard for bad. It isn't just a bad movie it really stinks. There was the coed strike force the "Indian" that rode around in a black cloak and used a SWORD for crying out loud. He shot down a helicopter with an arrow!! <br /><br />We tried to laugh at this movie but there were no points at which it didn't rise above pitiful. We couldn't come up with any redeeming features except for one. Those were the words "The End"<br /><br />There seemed to be no plot no character development and no point to the movie. Someone in Hollywood needs to be fired.
critique7582 Most action films are crass of Hindi cinema especially of Sunny and his family <br /><br />The film is typical Sunny type with bashes big dialogues and melodrama<br /><br />The film also has typical Rajiv Rai ingredients of many henchmen and a weird villain<br /><br />The starting is okay and then the shift to Kenya is good but then the film goes on and on <br /><br />The sequence of events move at a slow pace and nothing that great happens<br /><br />They are many stupid scenes like the Kenya policemen are shown like jokers especially Sharat<br /><br />The climax too is prolonged<br /><br />Rajiv Rai does an okay job Music is okay only 1 song works and that is the last TOOFAN Camera-work is good<br /><br />Sunny Deol is as usual Chunky acts like a monkey while his serious scenes are laughable Naseer is alright heroines are pure wood Amrish Puri is not even half as scary as he was in TRIDEV the rest are okay
critique7583 Go immediately and rent this movie. It will be be on a bottom shelf in your local video store and will be covered in dust. No one will have touched it in years. It may even be a $.50 special! It's worth ten bucks I swear! Buy it! There aren't very many films than can compare with this - the celluloid version of that goo that forms at the bottom of a trash can after a few years. Yes I gave it a '1' but it really deserves much lower. 1-10 scales were not designed with stuff like this in mind.
critique7584 Necessarily ridiculous film version the literary classic "Moby Dick". John Barrymore is Captain Ahab who falls in love with the pastor's daughter Joan Bennett. His brother Derek is a rival for Ms. Bennett's affections. When Mr. Barrymore loses his leg in a whaling accident Bennett rejects him. He must slay the whale and win Bennett back...<br /><br />There are several scenes which may have thrilled 1930 theater audiences; particularly the scenes involving Barrymore losing his leg. The film hasn't aged well however; there are much better films from the time both 1920s silents and 1930s talkies. The two name attractions John Barrymore and Joan Bennett aren't at their best. <br /><br />**** Moby Dick (8/14/30) Lloyd Bacon ~ John Barrymore Joan Bennett Lloyd Hughes
critique7585 A craven cowardly film. Director Boorman shows Cahill burglarizing rich houses but the male occupant is shown being unfaithful with the nanny thats all right then. The forensic scientist investigating Cahill is blown up in his car but he is rat faced sourpuss and doesn't look like a nice man so thats all right too. The Beits owner of Russborrough House made their money by exploiting 'darkies' digging up diamonds so it's okay to rob priceless art from them and hide it in a bunker in the Wicklow mountains. The Garda kill his ferrets and are implicated in his murder. The moral equivalencing is sickening Boorman looks for a hit film but doesn't have the guts to stand against the criminality of the generals gang who terrorized the neighbourhood and unleashed another wave of scumbags upon Dublin. He even liaised with the Generals son while making it. Disgusting. Shame on him for his cowardice.
critique7586 This plot had more holes in it than an OJ Simpson alibi! <br /><br />I noticed two Star Trek references in the movie and yet<br /><br />ironically we have a lead character played by Andy Garcia<br /><br />who is the antithesis of the Vulcan philosophy of "The<br /><br />needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few or one." <br /><br />Let's just say that while trying to save his son from cancer he puts most of the rest of San Francisco at incredible risk. Michael Keaton's character is almost as<br /><br />unrealistic as well. He neglects to kill at numerous opportunities and yet is angered when Garcia foils his<br /><br />attempt to kill a bunch of cops at once. The child's doctor remains in charge of her faculties even after been<br /><br />held hostage several times in a short expanse of time but<br /><br />put her on a wide walkway 5 stories up and she loses it. <br /><br />Andy Garcia's child is something of an anathema in this<br /><br />movie. He is the most sympathetic and real character one of the movie's bright spots. He furthermore utters a line that must have been the result of serendipity regarding fighting cancer that parallels Keaton's motivation to escape. All in all the movie was not a<br /><br />complete waste (see From Dusk to Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money<br /><br />for that) but disappointing considering the talent on hand.
critique7587 Wow what a cheesy movie this is! It starts off looking like it's gonna be a backwoods slasher with the camera following dogs running through the woods. It then gets a bit boring and follows the story of some girls moving into some house haunted by Indian spirits. We then get plenty of shots of one partially clad girl and another naked girl in the bath. It suddenly gets really cheesy when the "Zombie Indians" arise from the earth and start terrorising the girls. We even get a samurai Indian. <br /><br />This movie starts off pretty boring although I did find the story of the four Indians who buried themselves alive quite interesting. Once the Indian zombies (or whatever you want to call them for they aren't technically zombies) start terrorising the girls is when all the fun begins. This is not a special flick and can't be taken seriously it's just something fun to watch when you're bored or when you're drinking with friends. I can't help thinking though that it would have worked better as a short story because the first half is tediously boring.
critique7588 What was Franco Zeffirelli thinking? Was Hollywood responsible for this travesty or can I take comfort in the idea that someone who didn't speak English as a first language just completely missed the point of Charlotte Bronte's classic? I don't think I can improve on a comment I read below so I'll just paraphrase it: "Jane Eyre is a great great book the screenwriter should read it sometime." It's true that this movie's two leads were sadly miscast. But pity the actors because the screenwriter left out all of the best scenes. The dialog that makes you understand the Jane and Rochester have a meeting of minds and a shared sense of fun...deleted from the script. The marriage proposal the fortune teller...gone. The allusions half joking half sincerely felt to Jane as a fairy sprite from olde England come to rescue Rochester in his despair...eliminated.<br /><br />It is unfortunate that Zeffirelli felt the need to completely rewrite the end of the novel and Jane's interactions with the Rivers family. But it is unforgivable that he has surgically removed the love from one of the best love stories ever written.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and go find the 1983 (?) mini series with Timothy Dalton.
critique7589 The original Airport (1970) was a classic of its kind and the first two B-movie follow-ups (Airport 1975; Airport '77) were watchable fun at best amusing camp at worst; but this crass and inept final entry lacks any entertainment value and displays a shocking contempt for its audience. It's unendurable and not even good for laughs. <br /><br />All of the three "Airport" sequels were theatrical releases made by Universal's television wing but this one is beneath even the modest standards of a TV movie of its day with cheapjack production grotesque casting visual ugliness and tasteless unfunny "comedy". The project was clearly doomed by the "creative" efforts of Universal executive Jennings Lang who personally produced and is given a "story" credit.<br /><br />Everyone starts somewhere and writer Eric Roth (Forrest Gump) might have provided an element of self-burlesque as had the previous films (especially the notorious Airport 1975) but there is nothing worth spoofing in Roth's turgid incoherent script and even the comedy Airplane! left this crud untouched.<br /><br />What makes The Concorde: Airport '79 particularly offensive is its insulting misuse of professionals. The worst victim is the supremely gifted Cicily Tyson (Sounder; The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman) pitilessly reduced to a vomitous subplot involving her escorting a frozen heart transplant on the unfortunate flight. <br /><br />A special kick to the groin is reserved for the wonderful George Kennedy who is the true lead despite being buried in the cast list. The official mascot of the "Airport" series and the only actor to appear in all four movies Kennedy had more than earned the starring role and his turn in the Captain's seat would have been the only possible reason for this entry other than the squeezing of one last buck. Kennedy provides the only warmth and real humor in this mechanical muckup briefly putting aside the bravura machismo and revealing a genuinely sweet and tender side to himself and his lovable and heroic character of "Joe Patroni". Unfortunately we are never allowed to forget how fat and old and over-the-hill Kennedy is and overage pretty-boy Alain Delon relentlessly calls him "Porky Pig" as part of a buddy-bonding that falls completely flat. Even Kennedy's Parisian romance the only humane part of this plane-wreck turns out to be merely a set-up for a hateful joke at Patroni's Kennedy's and the viewer's expense.
critique7590 I got this movie out of Blockbuster in one of those racks were you can get like 5 movies for 20 bucks. I'd have to say I got my money's worth on this one. I had expected horrible dialogue crappy monsters and shaky cameras. Well as Meatloaf said two outta three ain't bad.<br /><br />The acting is bad though not as bad as some movies I've seen. Or maybe I've watched so many low budget movies recently I've lost perspective. There are some bits were the acting is downright terrible but for the most part it's of at least High School Play level.<br /><br />The CG for the Sasquatch in this movie is probably the second-worst part. The first thing I thought when I saw it (and I noticed another reviewer agreed with me) was that a man in an ape suit would have been better. Clunky stop-motion animation would have looked better.<br /><br />So you may be asking why I call the CG the second-worst part. That's because the very worst part of the movie is the sound effects. They are loud annoying and constant. I've been camping I know what insects sound like in the woods at night and while they can be loud they're not deafening like the cacophony in this movie. Usually when the "background" sounds drown out the movie's dialogue it's a bad thing but from what I caught of the dialogue of this film I wasn't missing much.<br /><br />The action was infrequent and boring. The tension was non-existent as was any sense of empathy with the characters. Speaking of the characters they were all cookie-cutter and bland. The only mildly engaging byplay was between...actually I can't think of anything. There was a line or two that made me crack a wan smile but that was about it.<br /><br />The cinematography was decent a step or two above what you'd normally see in a movie like this. However it still had that "home movie" quality to it that you get with movies made on pocket change and a prayer. <br /><br />If you're like me and get a kick out of shoestring budget genre flicks and you see this one in the dollar bin think about grabbing it. Otherwise stay away at all costs.
critique7591 Sorry I couldn't be more expressive in my summary but those two words seemed to describe the movie perfectly. This is not only a bad film but a bad film with bad acting and a plot that will be inconsequential to most watchers.<br /><br />See it only for a naked Rebecca De Mornay tied to a chain-link fence and moaning with 'ecstasy; supposedly 'erotic' but actually hilarious.<br /><br />
critique7592 This is the greatest example I can think of to prove the theory that when Hollywood runs out of good ideas they make an awful sequel and ruin the first one. Now don't get me wrong I absolutely love the first Beastmaster; I even liked the third one pretty good but this movie is atrocious. I am a huge fantasy/sword & sorcery movie fan and I hated to see such a terrible sequel made to such a classic as the first Beastmaster. So why do I hate this movie so much? Well where do I begin? First of all the whole idea of the movie is ridiculous. Dar and his evil older brother Arklon(who was nowhere mentioned in the first movie..Huh?) cross over into our world via a handy dimensional time-portal gate. Ya see Earth just happens to be on the same parallel interdimentional plane as Dar's world. Whereas with the first movie you're led to think the movie just takes place in the past but with this one you're shown it's a completely whole other world altogether...that's just one of the many things I hated about this sequel. It didn't work with "Masters of the Universe" and it sure doesn't work here either! Movies like this should take place and stay in their own time-line and their usual surroundings. For Christ's sake what's next? Hercules in New York...er uh..bad example! Moving on...<br /><br />Arklon's after a device called a neutron detonator to use as a threat against his enemies to rule his own kingdom. So it's up to Dar his ferretshis eagleand his tiger(not a spray-painted one this time) to go off and save the world...but along the way they have the help of a young cool and hip Senator's daughter who gets caught up in this whole mess and she show's Dar around L.A. takes him for a joyride in her BMW and helps get him out of tight situations here and there. How convenient right? And speaking of convenient I found it awfully convenient and easy for Arklon to sneak into a highly guarded military base and get away with a stolen highly destructive nuclear weapon...even with half the U.S. Army and L.A.P.D. after him....waaaaay to easy even for an evil barbarian sorcerer from another world. There are sooo many plot holes in this I don't know where to begin; like why did Arklon go to the L.A. zoo for at the end of the movie?!? He absolutely has no reason whatsoever to go there; and wouldn't that be like the last place you'd lure your greatest enemy who just so happens to have the handy ability TO CONTROL ANIMALS?<br /><br />And don't you just love these kinds of movies where the police are portrayed as total idiots and even with half a dozen cops firing at one guy they still don't manage to hit him? The police in this movie belong in the "Police Academy" series! They are about as useful in this movie as reading glasses are for the blind! Even the title of the movie makes no sense: "Beastmaster 2 : Through the Portal of Time"...they never actually went through a "time" portal because the movie isn't set in the future of Dar's world it's set in a parallel world along ours in the astral plane so they NEVER actually go through time only a dimensional world along theirs; so NO actual time-travel is involved at all! This movie tries to come off as funny and it does...not because of the humor but because it's just so bad...and that's putting it mildly. The acting dialogue plot characters and ending are all so cheesy it's hilarious. What more can I expect from the guy that brought us "Return of the Swampthing"(another bad sequel)? Sorely missed here is Don Coscarelli's wonderful directing and serious feel of the first one!! Avoid this stinking piece of garbage like the bubonic plague and stick which the first one and maybe the third one if there's nothing better on T.V.
critique7593 Movies like this give independent films a bad name! This simply a boring compilation of vingettes with no structure whatsoever. I wouldn't be surprised if the screenwriter was completely stoned. If you want to see a good stoner comedy watch "Half Baked." It's no award-winner but at least it made me laugh. The film was obviously made on a micro-budget. Every scene either takes place in someone's house someone's apartment or some outdoor location. If the writing was good and the dialogue was interesting I would've ignored the film's budget (like in the case of Edward Burns' films) but obviously that's not the case this time around. <br /><br />I quote Robert DeNiro from "A Bronx Tale" when I say "There's nothing in the world worse than wasted talent." Everybody in the cast is talented. Luke Wilson Alicia Witt Brittany Murphy Jeremy Sisto--all talented performers! And they all have been in much better movies. The actors give it their all but they couldn't go too far with such a lame script. The only scene I found interesting was Jack Black's cameo where he sings a song about being in the woods. And of course there was the brief strip club scene at the beginning which I also found appealing. <br /><br />The characters are uninteresting and the story barely exists. Many movies are awful but at least you understand their intentions. What was "Bongwater's" intention? The world will never know. <br /><br />My score: 2 (out of 10)
critique7594 When the folks at Kino Video assembled their fine "Slapstick Encyclopedia" collection a multi-cassette selection of silent comedies someone decided to kick off the first installment with ONE TOO MANY (1916) an obscure one-reel farce made in Florida starring the very young Oliver Hardy. As enjoyable as the set is over all this decision was an unfortunate one for ONE TOO MANY is a very poor film which almost discourages the viewer from watching further. Like any typical farce this one involves deception inspired by greed panic when plans go awry and complications escalating to the point of absurdity but unlike the good ones ONE TOO MANY is incoherent unfunny and downright annoying. It's hard to tell at this point whether the hopelessly confusing plot is the result of missing footage or inept film-making but whatever the cause by the halfway point even the most alert viewer has no idea what the character relationships are or what is happening and by the end one no longer cares.<br /><br />The only point of interest here is seeing the 24 year-old "Babe" Hardy who appears considerably heavier than he would a decade later when he teamed with Stan Laurel but who is nonetheless full of youthful energy. In the opening scene awakening with a hangover Babe performs a highly athletic backward roll off a bed. Trust me that's as funny as this movie gets. If you read this before seeing the first cassette of Kino's "Slapstick Encyclopedia" I suggest you fast-forward past this one and skip to the good stuff.
critique7595 I have never seen a movie that annoyed me that much. It is a movie about stupid people that are doing stupid and terrible things. This is not a funny movie. I must say that the plot line is awful. I did not had patience to watch it so that i only saw half of it but it was enough for me. The characters are not very inspired. Just terribly annoying. This movie is all about a goofy guy trying to hook up with his tyrannous boss's daughter. When he finally manages to talk to her she asks him to go at that night at her home to watch her father's owl and he thinks she had invited him to go with her at a party and to be at her home at 6 pm. He gets to be very disappointed finding out that he only has to take care of the owl and that she has a boyfriend. After her father leaves home leaving precise orders about taking care of the house and his beloved bird appears a secretary a renegaded son and all sort of NOT funny stuff happens in the house. But he finally hooks up with his boss's daughter. TRUST ME THIS MOVIE IS TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!
critique7596 This film can't make up its mind whether its message is "humans are evil and bad and animals are sweet and blameless" or "don't ever go in the water again." A fisherman (Nolan) is out to nab a killer whale a very bad thing but when he accidentally (ACCIDENTALLY mark you) hits a pregnant cow instead of her mate the cow -- and I use the word in all senses -- who is obviously a sick psycho-bitch and the canonical villain of the piece -- throws herself against the propellers trying to chew herself to bits in the most distressing and hideous not to mention ineffectual method of killing herself. (I doubt it was her first.) When her unborn fetus aborts from her hideous self-inflicted wounds her mate goes mental with revenge and swears to hurt kill and mutilate every human who even so much as talks to Nolan. Obviously as among humans total psychos date other total psychos.<br /><br />The film reeks of half-thought out anti-human message "the poor poor whale!! the evil men must suffer and die!" and yet it does not succeed in demonizing Nolan at all. It's true that when he set out his motives were selfish and cruel but at the first squeal of the first whale he grows a heart and as the film progresses he grows more and more compassionate to the whale's pain until it seems he will walk out on the ice and give himself to the whale just to make it feel a little better.<br /><br />The films final journey in which Nolan follows the whale on a bizarre journey to the north reminds me of Melville's eerie man-whale connection and for a moment hinted at a truly interesting conclusion where these two husbands might connect understand even respect each other in their own grief for Nolan lost his wife and unborn child also to an accident. It's clear Nolan respects the whale and feels for its loss. However it never goes there. The whale-character has no compassion or respect for anyone.<br /><br />The final scene loses this focus and becomes Jaws-like where the sea-monster finally kills everybody and Nolan and no-doubt through an oversight fails to chomp up the whale-hugger (tho he made a good snap for her head a little earlier.) I love animals and I detest whaling and what is more I love orca whales but if this film's goal was to make me feel that the whale was the victim and that people are evil and detestable it completely failed. Nolan shows compassion and growth and feels for others and all the whale thinks about is killing and maiming.<br /><br />The only message one can walk away with is "If you see an orca whale ever anywhere run the other way cause if you step on his FIN the wrong way he will hunt you to the ends of the earth destroying everything around you."
critique7597 Just another example of why Stepehn King's books should not be made into movies. (Even Carrie one of the best is ruined in the adaptation from book to screen.) The premise of the story revolves around a fat lawyer always on a diet who "accidentally" kills an old gypsy woman. In court with the help of the judge and the local police chief he gets off even though the accident was sort of his fault as he was not paying attention as he was driving. The father of the dead gypsy woman places a curse on the 3 with our main character Billy (the lawyer) getting thinner and thinner by the day. Though the movie kept with the book for the most part and has your typical King ending the acting was stilted and felt forced. We went from one scene to the next without much of anything in between sort of like reading acts in a play. King himself made a cameo in the movie (sort of like Dave Barry) which reinforces my belief that authors should stay just that: authors. Leave the acting to actors. Not that anyone in this movie was that great. I've seen the major characters in movies where they were much better.
critique7598 The Priyadarshan/Paresh Rawal combo has been golden before with the likes of HERA PHERI and HUNGAMA so I went into the movie (at an Indian multiplex) with high hopes especially after the slick promos. Unfortunately like HULCHUL before it this movie was a huge disappointment.<br /><br />Like others have commented the premise of the movie which was already stale to begin with just gets stretched on and on without any development or additional layering. After a while you just want the movie to end so you can go home (if I had been watching this at home it would have been much easier to cut my losses). Akshay Kumar's performance is average at best and John Abraham should not try doing comedy again. The comedy aspects of the movie overall were pretty week. I only remember giggling like twice the entire movie. Definitely no sidesplitting belly laughs that consumed me in HERA PHERI or even to a lesser extent in AWARA PAAGAL DEEWANA. Paresh Rawal had a few of his expected classic moments but overall because his role and character wasn't given much room to grow he didn't make much of an impact in this film.<br /><br />Neha Dhupia who makes only an appearance in the movie was fun to look at while she was on screen. And some of the songs are fun. Especially the opening and closing songs of ADA and KISS ME BABY respectively. Otherwise you're better off just passing on this movie.
critique7599 Well to start with I'm straight up as black as black gets and I can tell you it's very sad when black people think a "black movie" sucks. I can't say i've ever seen a movie this badly directed or a worse story line.<br /><br />Snoop is my dawg and all but he wasn't feeling this movie at all I don't know how much they paid him to be in this bucket of crap called a movie but i hope it's enough to wash the smell out.<br /><br />I'm all about supporting a bothers movie but this one was bad really really bad. It blew chucks in every aspect no real plot story sucked cast couldn't act and the best one there was the white guy!<br /><br />I almost demanded a refund on my way out the door of the theatre half the crowd up and left before it was over I'm still wishing I had too. Save yourself some pain and go see something else anything else...
critique7600 I haven't for a long time seen such a horrible film. I hoped that at least Adam Sandler could be funny... hopeless. Seems like some teenager have written it's script and he's daddy pushed this so far that someone agreed to shoot it. (Movie)World could be better place without this whatever it is.
critique7601 (Very light spoilers maybe.) <br /><br />Normally a fan of Diane Keaton I tried to watch this tonight. I had to switch it off before the second hour because I found myself with absolutely no sympathy for daughter or mother. Both came across as self-absorbed with little regard for others with the daughter also adding in rude disrespectful and reckless to the mix. When the daughter died the only thing I thought was "At least we won't have to watch her anymore." Keaton did a good job of moving into her stunned state and into the grieving but it was too far gone for me by then. I simply wasn't enjoying it so I stopped watching. If you want me to care for the protagonist you need to get me caring about the characters much sooner--if it's nearly an hour in and I don't care it's too late.<br /><br />The supporting cast was sincere and well played--I felt for *them!*--and the gay best friend was wonderful but even combined that wasn't enough to carry the film for me.
critique7602 I got to watch this one without commercial interruption and let me tell you even for a TV movie it was pretty predictable. The actors did a workmanlike job with what they had and the cast was pretty accomplished -- Barry Bostwick Jane Seymour Frances Fisher etc. However the script was not only predictable (except for the last scene) but the dialogue was treacly and sounded as if it was lifted from a third-rate romance novel. Jane Seymour's psychotic monologues were laughable. I'm sorry but I find it hard to believe that anyone that creepy would arouse no suspicions whatsoever. As bad as Theresa Russell was in "Black Widow" -- and she sure stunk it up -- she at least had the sense to play her pseudo-characters somewhat straight. Seymour is a much better actress but didn't overcome the material here.<br /><br />Lastly the musical score is incredibly cheesy. It's almost a satire of its genre like a Kenny G meltdown. A movie with such a lackluster and derivative script really should have gone for something edgier.
critique7603 This movie was extremely boring. It should least not more than 15 minutes. The images of child and animal being killed were little bit disturbing.<br /><br />Usually I don't write comments but this one was so bad having so many good and excellent comments. I think in this case we are one step closer to honest assessment of this title.<br /><br />What more can I say? I fall asleep during this movie 3 times. It was about 4 hours after I had woken up from 8 hours long sleeping period. I think it is the point itself.<br /><br />There is no dialog between characters except maybe 2 sentences at the very end.<br /><br />When you fall asleep once watching it do not try to rewind and catch up because you will fall asleep again.
critique7604 When we were in junior high school some of us boys would occasionally set off stinkbombs. It was considered funny then. But the producers directors and cast of "Semana Santa" ("Angel of Death" in the DVD section of your local video rental) are adults and they are STILL setting them off.<br /><br />Like the previous reviewer who wondered if the cast were anxious to get off the set and home I doubt more than one take was done for any of the scenes.<br /><br />Mira Sorvino hot in "Mighty Aphrodite" and other top-rated films seems to have undersold herself to this project. Her acting is non-existent confined mostly to wistful stares that are supposed to indicate how "sensitive" she is to the plight of the film's various victims.<br /><br />But let me warn you--do not be the next victim! Step away from the DVD if you find it on the shelf. Tbere are not many good leg shots of Mira (the only high points I could find in the film) and the supporting cast is of inferior quality delivering a mishmash of badly-done dialogue with embarrassing "Spanish" accents worthy of the best high school theatrical production.
critique7605 The lives of Megan(Jackie Kresler)and Dylan(Shane Elliott)change in the Nevada desert between Reno and Las Vegas. They stop to eat at a small greasy spoon where they reluctantly learn about the infamous Area 51 by the cafÃƒÂ© proprietor(Jonathan Breck). After getting back on the road in their forty year old Lincoln the radio gets a little crazy broadcasting Hitler's speech at the 1836 Olympics and then later a 1958 news bulletin of Elvis Presley being drafted into the military. The car slowly breaks down and the two are in for the scare of their lives as mysterious unexplainable things happen in the lonely radiation-poisoned desert; remnants of nuclear testing. Megan meets a lost little girl(Channing Nichols)and a wounded WWII soldier. The nightmarish journey doesn't end there. Kresler is impressive to a degree and writer/director James Lay makes good use of Patsy Cline tunes. All in all moderately interesting Sci-Fi.
critique7606 (Spoilers) "Cash Crop" goes something like this. Down-on-their-luck farmers grow pot to make ends meet. DEA agent blows into town. Farmers hide the pot. DEA agent leaves town. End of story.<br /><br />This flick features solid performances by some second tier actors mediocre direction and a so-so screenplay...but it ain't got no story. And since the story is the foundation of every drama "Cash Crop" is an utter failure. Too boring to recommend.
critique7607 I liked all the Lilo and Stitch movies. The TV series weren't that great but I put my opinions of the series aside when I watched this movie. And I must say... It was bad.<br /><br />One thing I found disappointing was the animation. Yes you heard it. The animation. I found its quality greatly degraded since the first movie. Its quality was only as high as the TV series' something which I did not expect at all. If you're looking for eye candy don't expect anything much here. Also the animation failed to portray any serious moods. Even in the supposed sad scenes I didn't feel anything for the character another downgrade from the first movie.<br /><br />The next was the absolutely horrible voice acting. I found it very very unconvincing and wondered why Disney with all its riches and glory couldn't afford voice actors with real talent. The voice actors' skill were just as annoying as the one in the series. I tolerated the one in the series because hey who wouldn't be tired out when made to voice act for so many episodes? Heck I don't even know how many episodes there are (Theoretically there are 624 but I just can't believe that). However I thought that the voice acting would improve in the movie and I was put down in the face by the truth that what they could do in the series was already their best.<br /><br />Next was the horrible script. It was cheesy beyond redemption and the writers just try too hard. They try to put some jokes in but I just found them annoying. Maybe it wasn't the voice acting but the cheesy dialogues that ruined the sound section. (On the upside the soundtrack wasn't too bad and matched the mood quite well.) <br /><br />Fourthly was the problem with the storyline. I predicted everything and the storyline was what made the characters so unoriginal and unlikeable all of a sudden. You have the aliens get new positions and responsibilities inouter space. After the initial hype they realize that they actually didn't like it and miss their old life. <br /><br />Meanwhile the evil villain gets broken out of jail after a very 'action packed' action scene and breaks in to Jumbaa's lab to steal his experiment. The experiment was then cloned into 100 others and the hamster wants to conquer Earth. When the main characters find out they try to stop the evil hamster but gets confronted in some cheesy final showdown against the experiment and owns him in an extremely lame excuse for trying to make the series to look cool. The characters then give up their new privileges and return to Earth to resume their life. Seriously how many other movies has used that ending already? The that storyline was extremely short and formulaic so don't expect too much from it.<br /><br />So Disney has failed in sound graphics and storyline. The only charm of the series was the original characters and how they managed to retain the 'feel' of the characters but even that wasn't able to save the movie. I tried to like it I really did but I give it a rating of 4/10. Another Disney failure.
critique7608 An American Werewolf in London had some funny parts but this one isn't so good. The computer werewolves are just awful: the perspective is all off it's like seeing them through a distorting mirror. The writers step on the throat of many of their gags. American boy says to Parisian girl "Is there a cafe' around here?" Instead of just leaving it at that they have to have the girl sigh and respond "This is Paris."
critique7609 This movie fails miserably on every level. I have an idea let's take everyone involved in this movie and ship them into a hot zone in the middle east. Maybe if we're lucky they'll all be shot and killed and we won't have to ever have our time wasted by them again. Did I mention that I have never been so bitter about a cinematic pile of crap in my entire life? My god I can't think of anything I've ever seen that was this bad. I'd rather watch Ishtar 25 times in a row than sit through 10 minutes of this sorry excuse for a film. If I ever happen to meet anyone who was involved in this film I'll spit in their face and then beat them senseless. That's my two cents.
critique7610 How is it in this day and era people are still dumb enough to think that other dumb stuff is smart? Maybe dumb people like watching stuff that makes them feel smart. Such as 'The War At Home'. 'Cuss it's even dumber than the dumb people who watch it. There are no jokes only half-jokes and slight gags that barely even warrant a tiny internal smile. The acting is your typical unsubtle idiotic standard sitcom flailing-limbs type acting. And why oh why did this crap replace arrested development? Well you gotta hand it to Fox. They know that they need to have stupid shows to attract all the stupid viewers. You see the reason Arrested Development wasn't massively popular was because it was so smart. It was so smart that it made dumb people feel bad about being so dumb. And of course if a dumb person encounters a smart person the dumb person will hate the smart person. Most of the time anyway. Either that or try and mooch off of the smart person. If you like this show and are one of the dumb people I truly cannot fathom what it must be like not to have open eyes and open minds. I cannot fathom what it must be like to be mindless laughing drones influenced by every little thing. Basically people who laugh with a laugh track are parrots. Trained obedient mindless parrots. Maybe I shouldn't insult parrots by comparing them to you. You know who you are. (If I seem like a bastar* in this review it's because I'm so annoyed at AD being canceled.)
critique7611 This is another one of those movies I just knew I would hate but it ended up not being as bad as one would expect.<br /><br />It has a lot of T&A in it and even the DVD menu is chocked full of women's breast. The first few scenes of the movie has a lot of sex and nudity and I was beginning to think there would be no story at all just exploiting nudity for the sake of making money off a popular prequel 8MM.<br /><br />As I continued to watch there was just more sex and nudity and main characters that I could care less about but then the story started to unfold and I started to see a point to it all and it was a tad better.<br /><br />It is about a man who's fiancÃƒÂ© is the daughter of an Ambasador and they all have a promising future until nude photos of a menage a trois sex act shows up and blackmail is in the senders cards. The man and his fiancÃƒÂ© must now get to the bottom of who sent the pics and how to shut them up.<br /><br />The movie first of all is nothing to do with part 1 it doesn't even have anything to do with 8MM's its about a sex video though so I can see the similarities as small as they may be.<br /><br />The acting is neither good nor bad its just nobodies playing parts anybody could do. The films production value is middle of the road and its pure drama yawn.<br /><br />I did enjoy going along for the ride getting to the bottom of the blackmailers motives. I was anticipating answers which is way more than I could say for the first one which I consider garbage. This movie has some nice twists too which are always welcomed.<br /><br />It's not great and it is very slow started but it does ultimately entertain. I wasn't on the edge of my seat and I won't rave to my friends that this is a must see but hey if you watch a lot of movies and always seek something new this might entertain you for 90 minutes.
critique7612 I have to say I was very curious on viewing this film and it was considered a notorious disaster when released by 20th Century Fox in 1970. It has also popped up on several critics lists of bad films and this only deepened an interest as I just had to see what made this movie so bad.Upon seeing it I think I have my answers. Although I will say it does make for curious viewing the acting direction and script are so laughingly bad that the supposed satire is completely missing. Racquel Welch seems to try to carry the film but after the opening sequence of the sex-change operation the film goes so far down hill that she cannot handle this task alone. John Huston as Uncle Buck Loner is certainly no help as he licks and leers at the screen he sometimes looks like he wonders himself what he's doing there. Rex Reed bounces around as Myron Myra's alter ego and even has his own celebrated masturbation scene. Bravo for debut performances! Farrah Fawcett plays a dumb blonde; she certainly seemed convincing in this role. But  of course arguably the most notorious role went to Mae west. The sight of a 75 year old woman with a plastic face making sexual innuendos seemed more suitable for a horror film. I don't mean to put this cast down personally; but in this film no one comes out looking good. The direction seems so unassured and non-existent that the film is not only bad but boring as well. Throw in some old film footage of old stars and the movie becomes even more disconnected. To each his own to anyone that enjoyed this and I was glad I at least saw it but Myra Breckenridge seems to be the disaster that it was always reputed to be from the beginning.
critique7613 I am speechless honestly I cannot understand how anyone could have conceded to a script like this cast anyone in the film let alone direct it. The fact that I am writing this review feels like an insult to my fingers this film should be thrown in to the dustbin rather than be reviewed. I am disappointed in Flex Alexander for even thinking about accepting such a POOR EXCUSE FOR A SCRIPT let alone essay the role. OMG! I think I just insulted the word "essay"...uh yeah I did. Y'know what the less said about this mindless drivel the better. You have been warned nobody warned me I had to experience the horror myself. WATCH AT YOUR OWN RISK.
critique7614 the reason why i gave this movie a 4 was for a couple reasons but this movie was not that bad. first off the editing i found too be pretty poor at times the script(or what they had of one) was not very good and if not for Nunzio La Bianca the acting would have been crap. but all that aside(ha ha i know its like the whole movie) its not that bad for an extremely low ind.  low budget film. If they would have gotten more money a little better actors(but these ones were intimidating so it was good) and a little more detailed script this movie would be terrific. Somebody has to tell me this guy was influenced A lot by the warriors by Walter hill. i mean this movie is exactly like it. anyone who has seen both those films will agree with me.
critique7615 This movie was a real torture fest to sit through. Its first mistake is treating nuclear power as so self-evidently a 'bad thing' that it barely needs to convince the audience of it. When it does stoop to putting in its argument it has the participants breathlessly deliver barely substantiated facts ; all that's missing is someone crying "when is someone going to think of the children!". While watching this movie I kept thinking "where'd you hear that?" or "that can't possibly be true" - yet little of the info was backed up by any reliable sources. And bless 'em the 'regular folks' in the movie came across more like Luddites than people with any understanding of the pros and cons of nuclear power; to be fair that might be the fault of the film-makers but equally fairly it's a condition shared by the movie's rock stars.<br /><br />As for the performers........... Now some of these people are highly respected musicians whose music I've enjoyed and I'm sure a few of them really did believe in this cause. But they all come across as wheezing old hippies desperately searching for something to get worked up over now that the 60s have passed them by. Particularly embarrassing are Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying too hard - he looks like he can't possibly believe the things he's being told (not that I blame him) but desperate to feel noticed and included. James Taylor performs what has to be the wimpiest protest "anthem" ever "Stand and Fight" in the most sickeningly cheerful way you can imagine. In fact most of the performances are pretty bland when they're not being patronizing. Nobody seems worked up by this event as if it really doesn't mean much to them at all. It's worth noting that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be John Hall of the band Orleans and responsible for some of the wimpiest MOR pop of the 70s. (Remember if you dare "Dance With Me" and "Still the One".) It's worth noting because that's symbolic of how the cause here fails to inspire any real passion in the music. The cause is supposedly life-or-death but everybody sleepwalks through their numbers like they're playing the Catskills. Except maybe Gil-Scott Heron - his protest number "We Almost Lost Detroit" is on topic at least but delivered with all the smugness of a high-schooler impressed with how 'controversial' he's being.<br /><br />Only Bruce Springsteen's performance raises a pulse; I've never been a big fan of the Boss but he absolutely smokes no question. Part of me thinks he was taped separately at another event and edited into this movie to give wake the audience. Compared to the general blandness and air of self-satisfaction here it's no wonder Bruce was hailed as the savior of rock'n'roll.<br /><br />But even his performance is hobbled by the lifeless concert shooting. I don't expect a lot of flashy camera movement from a '70s film but the shots are unnecessarily static broken up only by split-second cutaways to a back-up singer's tonsils. Now some of this may be because the performers are lifeless to start with; and *maybe* the film-makers are more skilled at shooting documentaries than concert footage - but all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see a movie like this done with more skill. And with more exciting musicians. <br /><br />So really there's only two things to watch this movie for: Springsteen's stellar performance and as a sad snapshot about a counter-culture in decline.
critique7616 I can only say this: ee03128 from Portugal I couldn't say it better. The worst movie I've ever seen... and I've seen lots of crap! When I read you comment I thought only about the thoughts I had while watching the movie. When I saw who was one of the script writers I understood it. BalaguerÃƒÂ³ uses the same tricks in all his movies. And his scripts are not much better either. And of course in Barcelona we have tons of temples and churches around the city so we can keep cursed nuns to scare young Americans coming on vacations. Please be serious! And I do not want to talk about the quality of the actors... There is something remarkable too. It is fair to recognize it. Compared to the usual level all the Spanish actors use a fairly good English
critique7617 As I was watching it I was getting ready to compose a blasting lambasting critique of this "film" (it is actually video) but then I saw that someone already did. I pretty much agree with him. But then again it looks like a lot of effort and millions of lira went into it so I guess you gotta give them some credit for trying. However that being said anyone who doesn't already know the Lovecraftian world and that this is what they were trying to convey will probably think ... well I suppose that not only is it really bad but it makes absolutely no sense. Thank god I read part of the other review ('twas a little gushy maybe?) which revealed that this guy also did "The Shunned House" (which looked pretty bad judging by the DVD box) so now I can avoid it and save my mind from any further exposure to such desecration of the brilliance of H.P. Lovecraft.
critique7618 very straight - not happy with the movie.<br /><br />The main center of the movie is the story where the lady is the mother of all the snacks and all the things.<br /><br />If they can more explain that how this is happening and all the stuff then it was quite a fun and more rating for this movie.<br /><br />The end was very short and sudden till now actor of the movie was to save her then at last he told sorry !! now we are late. OH !! crap.<br /><br />what was the story  and how this all this thing happen I think they can put all these stuffs. So the end user like us will be satisfied that yes we are happy with the movie. <br /><br />any way  but nice idea and nice try so I will say 4 or max 4.5.
critique7619 While not quite as monstrously preposterous as later works this slow-moving repetitive giallo offers some nice touches in the first half but grows more and more lethargic and silly as it stumbles to its lame denouement.<br /><br />To be sure the actors are above average - considering this is an Argento movie - and some moments show the director's visual skills but whole sequences should've been cut and basically it's just the same exploitative trash as ever wallowing in fake science and abnormal sexual depravity.<br /><br />3 out of 10 genetic disorders
critique7620 What a shame it is when a potentially captivating and refreshingly low-key story manages to latch onto your interest at the start and then gradually lets you down further and further until you're left scratching your mystified head by the time it reaches its overdone conclusion. Unfortunately this is what happened to me by the end of WHITE NOISE.<br /><br />It wasn't Michael Keaton's fault; it was a pleasure to see him return as the star of a brand new movie once again looking a bit wrinkled perhaps but still managing to give a strong and sincere performance. As a man whose wife has recently died he becomes obsessed with her wandering spirit in the afterlife (not a new idea) apparently getting contacted by her through that funky electrical fuzz business you see on your television screen when there's nothing being broadcast.<br /><br />The idea of spirits communicating via the airwaves is called EVP (Electronic Voice Phenomena) and there are a lot of people who actually believe in it for real so I'm not going to make any comments about what I think of that or them. Let me just say that I'm all for suspension of disbelief when it comes to buying into fantastic films like this but what I can't tolerate is not understanding what the hell was supposed to be taking place which is about where I was left stranded when the credits finally began to roll. Much static indeed.<br /><br />There are occasionally movies like this that have me completely baffled but if a film fails to make itself clear for me I tend to consider that to be the fault of the filmmaker not my own (unless I watched it while I was too tired to focus or something). Well for WHITE NOISE I was wide awake bright-eyed and bushy-tailed -- so guess who's to blame?
critique7621 And you know why? Because they thought (or at least made horror fans think) that a bunch of obnoxious foul-mouthed screaming teenagers some stupid demons (Where do they come from? What is their purpose? Who knows?) and a dark mansion are all you need to make a horror movie. Needless to say they were wrong. You also need a script some logic some rules and some invention. This flick DOES have one scene that lives up to its reputation (the lipstick scene of course) and a couple of funny moments (the kid brother's description of his mother's cookies Linnea Quigley's "don't look at me" scene). It also has more profanity than any movie I've watched since I last saw "Reservoir Dogs". Literally every fourth or fifth word is a "f***" or a "b****". Then again when a movie begins with FOUR false scares in its first 5 minutes you know not to expect anything resembling good filmmaking. (*1/2)
critique7622 I notice from the comments that most of the people discussing this movie are basing their remarks on the MST3K airing. That's fair enough (that is after all how it got its widest exposure) but having had the misfortune of seeing "Final Justice" in its original form I'd just like to share a few thoughts and comments on the uncut version.<br /><br />First off it must be admitted that the original version is slightly more coherent than the MST3K broadcast owing primarily to an expository scene between Rossano Brazzi and Venantino Venantini (I COULD use the characters' names instead of the actors' but I just love typing the words "Venantino Venantini") explaining why Venantini's fugitive character can't just leave Malta right away. (It's not a very CONVINCING plot point but at least the filmmakers tried to cover it.) Whether this scene was cut just for time or because it didn't provide much fodder for riffs I don't know.<br /><br />Another plot point missing in the original: The stripper's betrayal of Venantino Venantini to Joe Don Baker seemingly unmotivated in the MST3K version is explained by an earlier extremely unpleasant scene in which Venantini rapes her in the shower. While this does give her a motive for turning against him the whole scenario is just really...icky. (There's no other word for it.)<br /><br />Some of the MST-worthy moments (the perpetual truncated shouts of "Son of a--" and the "deja vu" shooting of the sheriff) were purely the result of the edited-for-TV print they worked with and were absent from the original movie.<br /><br />One scene I wish had made it into the MST3K version: Before entering the bar to question some people Joe Don asks the Maltese policewoman accompanying him to stay outside because "they see that uniform they won't cooperate." However Joe Don himself is wearing his ridiculous cowboy-slash-sheriff outfit complete with shiny badge! I can't imagine why they passed on that great opportunity to make fun of him...<br /><br />One final observation on the original uncut version of "Final Justice": Why oh why did they feel the need to put Venantino Venantini's naked butt up on the screen?
critique7623 Uta Hagen's "Respect for Acting" is the standard textbook in many college theater courses. In the book Hagen presents two fundamentally different approaches to developing a character as an actor: the Presentational approach and the Representational approach. In the Presentational approach the actor focuses on realizing the character as honestly as possible by introducing emotional elements from the actor's own life. In the Representational approach the actor tries to present the effect of an emotion through a high degree of control of movement and sound.<br /><br />The Representational approach to acting was still partially in vogue when this Hamlet was made. British theater has a long history of this style of acting and Olivier could be said to be the ultimate king of the Representational school.<br /><br />Time has not been kind to this school of acting or to this movie. Nearly every working actor today uses a Presentational approach. To the modern eye Olivier's highly enunciated stylized delivery is stodgy stiff and stilted. Instead of creating an internally conflicted Hamlet Olivier made a declaiming self-important bullhorn out of the melancholy Dane -- an acting style that would have carried well to the backs of the larger London theaters but is far too starchy to carry off a modern Hamlet.<br /><br />And so the movie creaks along ungainfully today. Olivier's tendency to e-nun-ci-ate makes some of Hamlet's lines unintentionally funny: "In-stead you must ac-quire and be-get a tem-purr-ance that may give it... Smooth-ness!" Instead of crying at meeting his father's ghost (as any proper actor could) bright fill lights in Olivier's pupils give us that impression.<br /><br />Eileen Herlie is the only other actor of note in this Hamlet putting in a good essay at the Queen despite the painfully obvious age differences (he was 41; she was 26). The other actors in this movie have no chance to get anything else of significance done given Olivier's tendency to want to keep! the camera! on him! at all! times! <br /><br />Sixty years later you feel the insecurity of the Shakespearean stage actor who lacked the confidence to portray a breakable flawed Hamlet and instead elected to portray a sort of Elizabethan bullhorn. Final analysis: "I would have such a fellow whipped for o'er-doing Termagant; it out-herods Herod: pray you avoid it."
critique7624 The two things are are good about this film are it's two unknown celebrities.<br /><br />First Daphne Zuniga in her first appearance in a film young and supple with looks that still encompass her body today steals the very beginning which is all she is in and that is that. She is obviously just starting out because her acting improved with her next projects.<br /><br />Second the score by then known composer Christopher(Chris) Young is what keeps this stinker from getting a one star...yeah I know one star more is not much but in this movie's case it is a lot.<br /><br />The rest is just stupid senseless horror of a couple a college students who try to clean out a dorm that is due for being torn down getting offed one by one by an unsuspecting killer blah blah blah...we all know where this is going.<br /><br />Watch the first eighteen minutes with Daphne Zuniga then turn it off.
critique7625 I only rented this stinker because of its relatively high ratings. It totally sucked! I cannot imagine how anyone would think this a good movie - even an OK movie. None of the characters had ANY redeeming qualities of any kind. To varying degrees they were each selfish and mean-spirited - or abused and damaged personalities who hadn't a clue about the spirit of Christmas (when this takes place!) I know Canadians and like them - but I cannot think that even THEY would think this a good movie. I'd rather a sharp stick in the eye than watch this offensive movie again. A colossal waste of time and money. Do not believe the person who wrote the opinion that it was "worth watching." This person probably would enjoy having a dentist drill their teeth without anesthesia too. Don't mean to be unkind but for the life of me I cannot imagine what this person was thinking. Unless they had ulterior motives. Maybe s/he was the director or the producer. If so I'd like to ask them to give me back my money. If your money is important to you - save it instead of renting this piece of drek - or rent something (anything!) else. I'm running out of good reasons NOT TO rent this film. If I were Canadian I'd be ASHAMED that it's supposed to be a favorite Canadian flick. If so I would say that those who think so are definitely in need of great quantities of powerful drugs. YECK!
critique7626 Is it just me or the fact that the evil racing team is Japanese and that their arrogant star racer is German seem a little over the top? Maybe that is how it is on the international racing circuit but if all America had representing them are chumps like Cody and his mechanic Chris (Peter Berg who must have been still learning how to act) then I would be rooting for another country. Formula movies can be good but the characters have to be likeable and no one meets that criteria in this movie. To put it succinctly - a very bad movie.
critique7627 this has got to be one of those films where the trailer is 50 times better than the movie itself.I first saw the trailer in 1991 it looked great.Since then i have always wanted to see it but could never find it.....until today yes 14 years later.<br /><br />lets just say I was so disappointed its unreal OK i knew it wouldn't be an Oscar winner but still had hopes that it would be a fun no-brain film in the bloodsport mold. Unfortunately it was not it's Pooh<br /><br />whats with all the American rock and roll music and the acting was so bad it was quite frightening.<br /><br />The fight scenes were rubbish and look fake.<br /><br />this DVD only cost me Ã‚Â£5 and I believe I was overcharged by Ã‚Â£7<br /><br />Now I'm sad as I know that I will never get that hour and a half back.
critique7628 Red Sonja is flawed weak and lacking. Even the camp-ness isn't good.<br /><br />There are only two good things about "Red Sonja"; The costumes (even though the Red Sonja costume is ridiculous. It's ironic that a girl who is even afraid to be touched by men because she was raped still choose to wear so few little clothes even when it rains.) and the music by Ennio Morricone. Still the movie is somewhat watchable but certainly not recommendable.<br /><br />The story is extremely simple and they didn't even bother to make it interesting. The story could have been forgotten if there had been some good action sequences and some humor both are present but are seriously flawed in many ways. The movie takes itself too serious and tries to impress but fails completely.<br /><br />Brigitte Nielsen is an horrible leading lady. I don't know who's accent is worse; Hers or Arnie's and on top of that; She can't act. There is also absolutely no chemistry between the two characters which makes the love story totally unbelievable. Even worse was Sandahl Bergman as the main villain who acts more poorly than a paper bag. Ronald Lacey was somewhat good in his role but my God he looked horrible he changed so much since his (only well known) role in "Raiders of the Lost Ark". Maybe it had something to do with his illness which claimed his life in 1991? And by the way what was with all those "Raiders of the Lost Ark" actors in this movie? Next to Ronald Lacey Pat Roach Terry Richards and Tutte Lemkow appeared in a role it seemed like some kind of "Raiders of the Lost Ark" reunion.<br /><br />The only times when the movie gets a bit interesting is during the (sword)fights even though some of them are needless and weak.<br /><br />Only really watchable for the fans of the fantasy-genre.<br /><br />4/10
critique7629 Anyone remember the first CKY CKY2K etc..? Back when it was about making crazy cool stuff rather than watching Bam Margera act like a douchebag spoiled 5 year old super/rock-star wannabe.<br /><br />The show used to be awesome however Bam's fame and wealth has led him to believe that we now enjoy him acting childish and idiotic more than actual cool stuff that used to be in ex. CKY2K.<br /><br />The acts are so repetitive there's like nothing new except annoying stupidity and rehearsed comments... The only things we see is Bam Margera so busy showing us how much he doesn't care how much money he got or whatsoever.<br /><br />I really got nothing much left to say except give us back CKY2K cause Bam suck..<br /><br />I enjoy watching Steve-o Knoxville etc. a thousand times more.
critique7630 This made for TV film is about every clichÃƒÂ© you can come up with for a disaster movie. The only problem is it isn't very well done.<br /><br />My brain is still insulted from the scenes in which Brian Dennehy is supposedly looking at a computer monitor looking for weather pattern data and showing on that monitor are stock footage scenes of weather turmoil ala The Weather Channels commercials. Why would watching local news footage of a washed out side-street give insight to global weather patterns? You got me.<br /><br />Also interspersed through out the first two hours are some of the worst CGI effects known to man. Watch for the semi truck and the airplane that look like they were rendered on a Commodore 64.<br /><br />All the foreshadowing in this "movie" is done with the subtlety of a sledgehammer the dialog is forced and I can't think of a likable character that I want to survive the second half.<br /><br />The character I hate the most is the stupid wife who's husband is cheating. Maybe if she lifted a finger at anytime during the show instead of being a helpless woman who stands in the the same 10 square feet of the kitchen all day her husband wouldn't be sleeping with the PR rep for a rival energy company. She is so helpless in fact I want to put her out of her and my misery. I hope everyone in this "movie" dies in the second half.
critique7631 I have been watching horror movies since I was 5 years old beginning with Childs Play.Since then I have seen good horror movies and bad but this is without question the DUMBEST movie I have ever seen! The actors did all they could with the material. The plot was just idiotic. Plus  it was just all gore. I can stomach a lot of blood but that was just ridiculous! In one of the scenes a character gets stabbed in the rear end and choked with his intestines! Plain Stupid! Another problem with this movie is that its boring and probably the slowest movie ever made. The end of it is just dumb. But then again it goes with the rest of it! At the end when the girl gets away from the cannibal/ancestor she receives help from a old lady. The old lady is making tea but when she turns around to talk to the girl the girl attacks her! She turned into a cannibal! Retarded movie.
critique7632 I haven't seen Ishtar but I did have the misfortune of seeing Kevin Costner's Postman This is worse. Maybe the absolute worse piece of garbage I have ever seen and if you look at my review for Moulin Rouge? that is saying something. Bad plot acting was substandard and even wasted (even though yes Michael Keaton has been in some of the worst movies I have ever seen) and this movie has no redeeming value to anybody with more than half a brain. DO NOT SEE IF YOU HAVE GRADUATED THE 4TH GRADE as you will find this an insult to your intelligence.
critique7633 Originally called The Changer. The Nostril Picker is a poorly constructed tale about a loner named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who "likes em young". Unable to socially interact with girls he bumps into a tramp who teaches him a special Vietnamese chant. This "chant" involves whistling 'London Bridge is Falling Down' whilst hopping around like an epileptic morris dancer. Nonetheless Ugly Joe tries it out and hey presto! He is now a girl. Ideally he needs to be a young guy in order attract girls. But lets not talk about ideals here - this film was made in 1983 and released in 1993 in an ideal world it should have NEVER been released.<br /><br />The Film Asylum dubbed this horror hokum as "mind numbing ham handed story telling". Its worse than that. The Nostril Picker really takes the biscuit in fact the whole god-damn cookie jar. Terribly scripted dialogue delivered by brain-dead actors a ridiculous plot and a predictable twist. Just when things couldn't get any more absurd the story goes off on its own nonsensical tangent. For instance Joe decides to kill the girls by changing back into himself. But i thought he wanted to get close to them? Not content with being a murderer Joe also turns into a cannibal and eats some of his victims of which there were only around 3-4.<br /><br />The highlight of this terrible movie involves Joe picking up a hooker (Steven Andrews) then taking "her" back to his apartment. What happens next defies belief... Joe turns back into a man but also discovers the hooker is a man. How does he react? Well in a Benny Hill-esquire fashion he chases "her" around the apartment with a bunch of squirty dildo's only to trip up on a blow up doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge were thinking of. At least this scene paved the way for another priceless moment. This involved the male hooker reporting the incident to a curly haired police officer with a 2-bit joke shop 'cop' uniform. The hilarious acting is a must see. Especially the hooker's inability at saying "dildo" and his demand for "satisfaction".<br /><br />Apart from the above mentioned incident this monotonous slash flick was a complete bore. You know a movie's bad when the DVD trailers were more exciting. Normally i'd fast forward to the good bits only there weren't any here. The main action sequences involved Joe simply stabbing his victims repeatedly. Forget quick cuts Matthews utilizes fadeouts (one during a stab scene) to limit any form of suspense there might already be. One girl's non-reaction to her fingers being chopped off is laughable. Normally i'd relish the words "uncut" but in this case they were far from a blessing. Just more agonizing cinematic torture. The whole movie felt like an unedited episode of Midsummer Murders only less entertaining. I'd hate to see the cut version.<br /><br />To sum up The Nostril picker is the most unentertaining thing i've seen since Richard Hammond's 5 O' Clock Show. Dismal performances made worse by a terribly tinny soundtrack and bad dubbing. Don't be fooled by the box label this is NOT a cult classic unless it qualifies for the lets-use-shitty-horror-dvds-for-coffee-coasters cult. Which i think it does. Unless re-edited to 30 minutes stay away from this coma inducing mess.
critique7634 Diary of Sex Addict is a pathetic attempt at a serious drama about sexual compulsiveness. Probably a movie marketing scam this flick is a stylish shoot with a good cast and little else going for it. Bottom line "Diary..." would have us believe that our sex addict character has the dumbest wife in the world a stable of babes on the side who have nothing better to do than drop their panties for him at his whim and no job in spite of being a restaurateur. At the best this flick could have been good drama. At the worst cheap softcore. "Diary..." isn't either and nowhere in between. This one's for the dumpster. (D-)
critique7635 This would have to rate as one of the worst films of all time. The film screened at the Italian Film Festival in Melbourne Australia. After the screening not only did I want my money refunded I wanted the 1.5 wasted hours of my life back too. I have a very broad tolerance level when it comes to the indulgences of some European film-making but this is one of those films that is selected for festivals based on the reputation of the filmmaker alone. This film is proof that while such selections may satisfy the egos of the film-maker and the selection panel there is absolutely no joy for the audience. There is no character development whatsoever the plot is a garbled mess the style is nonsensical the shot selection is appalling and the editing is worse. By the end of the first reel you'll wonder if you walked into the wrong cinema and by the end of the third reel you'll be begging to be put out of your misery. This film is an abomination.
critique7636 A Cinderella story made for adults who live in dreamland. The romance is very unrealistic fluttery lovey dovey perfect etc. The Cinderella plot till the very end and Shahid Kapoor is the only reason for my stars. If you're looking for a dreamy romance with a twist this is definitely you're movie but for the rest of us real world people I'd highly recommend saving your three hour watch time. Wake up people!<br /><br />Four out of the five people that saw the film with me would not recommend the film. We had a great time bashing majority of the unrealistic scenes. Maybe I'm missing something.. I just can't believe a movie like this can beat a classic like HDDCS!!
critique7637 I really wanted to like this film especially after all the buzz I'd heard revolving around it. But sadly it just didn't work for me. Paranoid Park suffers from the same delusion Lost In Translation did--If you use very little dialogue be heavy on the slow motion close ups and concentrate on pieces of fabric in the setting then your story will magically come across as deep and thoughtful. <br /><br />Much of the plot line if you can find a plot of this film is contrived. I wasn't impressed with the 'write it all down' confessional being the way the protagonist deals with the accident--So what are we supposed to believe? He grew up happily ever after and wrote a book about his experiences thus was vindicated for that horrific incident?<br /><br />What is I suspect supposed to be a film that evokes empathy for a young man who is directionless and faced with an impossible moral quandary instead creates a portrait of a future sociopathic personality. He has no connection to anyone around him and by the end of the film has no real sense of what is right or wrong. He has no direction at home and feels nothing for his friends. What we have is a portrait of a non-person a spirit that merely coasts through life as he weaves his way along on his skateboard. I don't feel for him at all and honestly I wish he'd been caught. The entire film centres not necessarily on his feelings of guilt but on how he is going to avoid punishment and/or accountability for a bad decision. He not only gets away with it he finds a way to subtly rationalise it. Quite a frightening negative message the suggestion being that so many of our youth are so disconnected from right and twrong that they simply make up the rules as they go along serving themselves for good or ill. I find it an insulting treatsie on today's youth and the pretentious arrogance of the film-maker drips thick with every plodding overthought step and shifting eye.<br /><br />(He did murder the guard but if you blink your eyes you miss it. Whether it was an act of mercy or not is hard to say--it could be he was so mortified he lashed out with his skateboard. When he runs to the security guard's car one of the wheels of his skateboard is stained with blood. )
critique7638 I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie. What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles? The fact is that there are no volcanoes in Los Angeles. This movie should not be filmed in Los Angeles it should be filmed in Honolulu Hawaii. Hawaii has volcanoes which is a real fact that this movie should be made in Hawaii's state capital. This movie should be filmed in Hawaii because this is the real idea and not in Los Angeles. There are earthquakes in Los Angeles but there are no volcanoes. To be honest with you this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish. In conclusion I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.
critique7639 En route to a small town that lays way off the beaten track (but which looks suspiciously close to a freeway) a female reporter runs into a strange hitch-hiker who agrees to help direct her to her destination. The strange man then recounts a pair of gruesome tales connected to the area: in the first story an adulterous couple plot to kill the woman's husband but eventually suffer a far worse fate themselves when they are attacked by a zombie; and in the second story a group of campers have their vacation cut short when an undead outlaw takes umbrage at having his grave peed on.<br /><br />The Zombie Chronicles is an attempt by writer Garrett Clancy and director Brad Sykes at making a zombie themed anthologyÃ‚Â—a nice idea but with only two stories it falls woefully short. And that's not the only way in which this low budget gore flick fails to deliver: the acting is lousy (with Joe Haggerty as the tale-telling Ebenezer Jackson giving one of the strangest performances I have ever seen); the locations are uninspired; the script is dreary; there's a sex scene with zero nudity; and the ending.... well that beggars belief.<br /><br />To be fair some of Sykes' creative camera-work is effective (although the gimmicky technique employed as characters run through the woods is a tad overused) and Joe Castro's cheapo gore is enthusiastic: an ear is bitten off eyeballs are plucked out a face is removed brains are squished and there is a messy decapitation. These positives just about make the film bearable but be warned The Zombie Chronicles ain't a stroll in the park even for seasoned viewers of z-grade trash.<br /><br />I give The Zombie Chronicles 2/10 but generously raise my rating to 3 since I didn't get to view the film with the benefit of 3D (although I have a sneaking suspicion that an extra dimension wouldn't have made that much of a difference).
critique7640 I saw this not too long ago and I must say: This movie is terrible. I watch crappy movies for fun. Scarecreow is not fun. Scarecrow is stupid. You have an incredibly corny villain that enjoys screaming awful puns as he kills his victims(actually worse than the one contained in this sentence). He has his hard luck story that he uses to justify his killings. "Everyone picks on me. The only girl that thinks I'm not trailer-trash likes one of the guys that pick on me. I want to kill everybody. Wah." OK I'm exaggerating. But the premise to this movie alone is enough to put it near the bottom of the list of crappy movies.<br /><br />Adding to what I just said the kid's mom is promiscuous he walks in on his mother and her current boyfriend getting it on mom's boyfriend tells him to leave kid refuses insisting that he isn't going to leave his own house. Boyfriend chases kid into corn field. He kills kid right in front of mom mom screams in terror boyfriend is like "OMG! I didn't mean to!" Then he tells mom not to say anything to the police about it. Kid was killed under a scarecrow though. So like any kid who gets murdered under a scarecrow he comes back as a killer scarecrow with a vengeance. His victims "haven't been stalked like this before..." (Scarecrow's official tag line)<br /><br />To make matters worse this movie was filmed in a whopping 8 days. That's right 8 days. I was going to give this movie a 2 because in spite of itself it has one or two redeeming moments. (They're spoilers so I won't spoil it for you if you actually want to see this crap.) I could have somewhat forgiven the bad acting the horrible special effects the abysmal script and the bad camera work but I simply have no respect for lack of effort on that level.<br /><br />This movie isn't nearly as good as I'm making it out to be. If you want to see an example of how not to make a movie or if you enjoy watching bad movies like I do then watch this at your own risk. Everyone else should stay a safe distance away from this movie at all times.
critique7641 Like 'First Blood' this attempts to make a point about the treatment of Vietnam vets but there really isn't much time for that in between the monotonous gunfire burnings stabbings torture and explosions as an impossibly indestructible Rambo takes out half of Asia a ton of Vietnamese soldiers most of the Russian army various vehicles and anything else he can point a rocket launcher at. The only woman in the middle of all these boys toys is soon bumped off allowing the testosterone to reach dangerous levels and the script to degenerate into a succession of loud noises. Helpfully supplying a few hackneyed musical cues is Jerry Goldsmith who carefully checks off all the clichÃƒÂ©d themes from Russian rat-a-tat to Chinese ching-chang-chong just in case we don't quite understand who we're looking at. Stallone has a brain in his head; this empty nonsense is beneath him.
critique7642 I saw this piece of pseudo-intellectual crap a couple of years ago and it is now making a comeback at the local film club. It uses every clichÃƒÂ© in the Intellectual Movie Makers Handbook (Beginners Edition) in order to appear as intellectual as the director probably imagines himself to be. You get your run-of-the-mill slow-motion tempo brown color scale slow pans through bombed-out environments blank suffering facial expressions over-symbolic imagery and the requisite miserable ending.<br /><br />It is a complete failure an unintentional perfect caricature of the typical Russian art movie. The director Aleksandr Sokurov has excellent command of technique but he lacks eye. He doesn't see when he crosses the line into the realm of the pathetic.<br /><br />This movie is a wet dream for art film haters. It lives up to every stereotypical view of the genre that there is.<br /><br />If it was bad in an entertaining way it would a turkey. But for a movie that is so bad that you walk out afterwards royally p***ed-off we need a new term. This movie is a Sokurov.
critique7643 In this extremely low-budget ( I've seen home movies made with better production value) Australian utter rip-off of "the Burning" & "Friday the 13th" a band is planning to make a music video while on a houseboat. They're stalked by a serial killer who was burned years before. This movie is even proclaimed to be 'the worst Australian film ever made' in it's DVD promotional material. That's it's only selling point! Complete and utter rubbish in every considerable way. Perhaps a few chuckles here and there for bad movie lovers but it still made me want to burn out my retinas.<br /><br />Eye Candy: a quick flash of barely existent itty bitty titties in a lame shower scene<br /><br />My Grade: F
critique7644 This is the kind of movie that's so extremely bad that you cant stop watching it because you keep telling yourself that 'it cannot continue to be this crappy all the way to the end. It just cant'. You know 'worse than Jaws 4'-kind of bad.<br /><br />I honestly think I've only seen ONE movie that was worse than this and then we're talking religious crap about how you'd end up in hell for lying or watching football.<br /><br />Gore? Indeed and lots of it. Well made gore? No way.<br /><br />The acting is beyond bad and all the lines are lousy clichÃƒÂ©s. Same goes for the storyline which only really consist of sex blood and violence like so many other gore movies.<br /><br />If you're hoping for a mix between Ichi the Killer and August UndergroundÃ‚Â… keep looking. You wont find it in Live Feed.
critique7645 Antonioni's movies have aged not well. What always surprised me about them is that besides an unquestionable plastic beauty there is a dull and didactic "psychology" of the characters and situations. Remember for instance the conversations between Mastroianni and the "wicked capitalistic" that wants sing up him in "La notte" or Monica Vitti laughing at the peasants flirting in the train in "La aventura" or Ferzetti dropping the glass of ink at the end of the same film. <br /><br />I have reviewed yesterday "Zabriskie Point". In this film there are a lot of nice and elaborate shots of the Rod Taylor office the streets and highways of L.A. the publicity advertisements the desertsetc. that show the fascination of the author in his American journey in the same way than Wim Wenders years later. Unfortunately there are too a lot of hippie-leftist clichÃƒÂ©s that spoil the movie: - The boy leaves the meeting steals an aeroplane and flies over the desert in order to liberate himself and find "something different". - The executives in grey suites speak all the time about speculation. - The girl looks at the "object women" in the swimming pool and leaves because she wants not to be like them. - The couple of fat middle-class in the caravan speak in front of the beauty of the nature of building a hotel and earning a lot of money. - Last but not the least a lot of couples making love in the desert. What a hippie platitude!<br /><br />Sorry today half a century after the "revolution" of "La Aventura" we can see that the king is naked and his films (except "Le amiche" and perhaps "Il grido") are only a handful of aestheticism and commonplaces.
critique7646 This is a treat for fans of Z-grade movies. Here you will find writing and acting bad enough to rival anything Ed Wood ever produced. Veteran bad movie actor Cameron Mitchell is a former makeup man from "Paragon Studios" who after a nasty acid-in-the-face incident at a social gathering becomes an embittered Mad Scientist (tm) with a rubber scar on his face who takes revenge by kidnapping Paragon actors and turning them into living statues in his Secret Laboratory (tm) handily located in the local wax museum. Or are they zombies who do his bidding? He's not sure. <br /><br />Happily many of your favourite movie clichÃƒÂ©s are here. Check out the villain's lab! Are those mysterious steaming vats of liquid? Test tubes of coloured water with no explained purpose? Yay! And what ho do we see spare arms and legs arranged kinda casual-like on a wooden rack? You betcha! Marvel at the bumbling detectives acting with straight out of Plan Nine! Now enjoy a stupidly tame car chase and hear more dizzy bimbo screaming than you could possibly want. Raise an eyebrow at the screwy plot line made even more opaque by the totally meaningless ending that seems to have no connection to the rest of the movie. <br /><br />Cheesy trash and much fun for the bad movie connoisseur.
critique7647 Wow could have been such a good movieStarts of with Brittany Daniels tied up Im thinking cool we are going to get a flash back but nothing movie starts anew with the kid filming. This movie probably would have been better if it wasn't for the acting. I mean the acting was mostly horrible.. Although with the lines the poor actors had to deal with i guess they did the best they could..Still it really ruin the movie for me.. The twins were the only ones that seem to have some acting skills.. The movie drags to long for the supposed shocking conclusion.. All in all I have seen worse low budget movies but considering this was hype with the 8 films to die for I was very disappointed.. By the way were did some reviewers say there was gore and stuff. Did I see the same movie.. Well this is 4 out of the eight and so far only one has been any good..
critique7648 I have just written a comment to "ACES HIGH" (1976) and that remind me of this film which I watched as kid when it was released; since then I have watched it only once and that was more than enough. As Kevin well says "it is a complete waste of time". Apart from the dog-fights which are nicely done the rest is a sequence of badly patched scenes with actors struggling with a lousy script and equally lousy direction. I do not remember the silly German accents mentioned by Kevin in his comment but that is another pathetic mistake; if Corman tried to make more convincing the characterization of the German pilots why didn't he use German actors or have those parts dubbed? On the other hand is good example of the appalling Hollywood-style of film-making with their "villains" so clearly identifiable not only by their cruel actions but also by their grotesque accents.<br /><br />Talking about "cruel actions" the ridiculous scene were Lieutenant Hermann Goering murders English nurses during an attack on an airbase is an absolutely disgusting piece of propaganda done with "historical hindsight". If you want to a see a factual moving very well acted and directed film about the air war during WWI watch "ACES HIGH" (1976) or that wonderful classic "THE DAWN PATROL" (1938) you shall not be disappointed.
critique7649 THE SCREAMING is a very low budget horror movie that was shot on video. It features passable acting poor lighting a weak story and some of the worst monster effects I've ever seen. The plot has a college student being pressured to join a cult by his attractive landlord. The cult is a parody of Scientology with a book similar to Dianetics. This would have been a funny shot at that group were it not for a dumb script and the cheapness of the production. The monster effects look awful and the picture quality makes it feel like you're watching a home video or a public-service announcement. I think anyone who sees this will agree that movies should be shot on film.
critique7650 The film opens with a peaceful shot of a traditional Japanese house complete with thatched roof that sits on the side of a small hill and an on screen caption appears that reads 'KUSHIATA KYOTO JAPAN 1840'. A young Japanese trainee Samurai named Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) walks up the winding path to the house inside waits Otami (Mako Hattori) with whom he is having an affair behind her husband Shugoro's (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki) back who happens to be Masanori's teacher. Shugoro unexpectedly arrives home to find his wife and student having very intimate relations with each other. His honour destroyed the enraged Samurai brutally murders both Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. Over a century later and Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan on a working holiday with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure) who works for the American consulate helps them out by finding them a place to stay you don't need me to you where! He jokingly says it's going so cheap because it's haunted to which both Ted and Laura laugh off as they obviously don't believe in ghosts at least for the time being that is. Almost immediately the film goes into clichÃƒÂ© mode. Lights turn on and off by themselves Laura has an uneasy feeling about the place and a local Zen Monk (Henry Mitowa) gives them an ominous warning for them to leave before it's too late which they ignore of course. The spirits of Otami Masanori and Shugoro were doomed for eternity to remain within the walls of the house because of a Majyo witches (Tsuyako Olajima) curse put upon them. But there may be a way they can break the curse unfortunately for the Fletcher family it could potentially cost them their marriage daughter and possibly even their very lives. <br /><br />Directed by Kevin Connor I thought this was a pretty average film OK to watch once if you've got nothing better to do but after a day or two you'll probably have completely forgotten it. Nothing sticks in the memory as being particularly bad but on the other hand there's nothing particularly good about the film either. The script by Robert Suhosky from the novel by James Hardiman is a little on the dull side and strictly by-the-numbers a lot of ghostly goings on happen throughout the film but none of it is very interesting or exciting and the flat characters and direction doesn't help things. There are couple of silly sequences like the giant plastic crabs that try to get Amy and her babysitter Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there is a scene where the Zen Monk exorcises the house and the ghosts are banished outside unable to get back in however that is until Ted simply opens the door and they just walk right back in some exorcism! One more thing I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure who was 47 when he made this try his hand at Kung-Fu and oriental sword fighting! George gets her ample breasts out a couple of times including a very unerotic sex scene with McClure although great pains and a couple of bed sheets that stick to them like super glue were taken to ensure no below the waist nudity was present. Apart from a couple of mostly off screen decapitations there's no blood gore or violence to speak about. The 'transparent' ghost effects are OK but they ain't going to impress many people these days. It's professionally enough made and looks quite nice but the potential in the Japanese setting and myths is squandered as this film could have been set in America England or any Western country without having to change a thing. An OK time waster.
critique7651 This movie is BAD! It's basically an overdone copy of Michael Jackson's Thriller video only worse! The special effects consist of lots of glow in the dark paint freaky slapstick fastmoving camera shots and lots of growling. I think the dog was the best actor in the whole movie.
critique7652 If this was nominated for a screenwriting award by the WGA a professional association of screenwriters then it's time to hang up the word processor. Astonishingly inept writing direction production at every level even for a TV movie. No cliche goes unexploited in this jaw-droppingly bad movie. What were they thinking? Does anyone really believe kids are stupid enough to watch this?
critique7653 I saw this movie a few years ago and man I never want to golf again. I mean ninjas apparently have no respect for the game of golf or the way it has evolved. And I'm not talking about "victimless" stuff like forging a scorecard. No no- Based on what I've seen here they shamelessly massacre policemen and golfers alike on hallowed country club grounds. Judge Smailes would be spinning in his grave. And do they repent for said sins? No no based on what I have seen here the typical response by a slain ninja is to take over the body of a buxom female telephone repairwoman and seek revenge. I find this morally reprehensible and needless to say after viewing this nonsense I not only stopped golfing and talking on the telephone but also decided to stop feeding the homeless.
critique7654 Ugh. Pretty awful.<br /><br />Linnea Quigley gets top billing but her character doesn't have a big part. Who is her character supposed to be anyway the little boy's aunt? Another user commented on her getting nude in a shower scene. While there was a shower scene in the movie it was a head and shoulders shot. Perhaps there are some alternate versions of this movie.<br /><br />Quigley does have a bigger part than John Carradine Cameron Mitchell and Brinke Stevens though. Carradine shows up briefly in a monkish robe reciting vague dialog. No other characters are in the scene with him though he's sort of composited in or else there are over-the-shoulder shots unquestionably belonging to someone else. There's also a really bad photo of him in a cameo locket (it looks like a bad photocopy) and a decent picture of him in a family bible. He conjured up Jack-O originally or something like that.<br /><br />Cameron Mitchell briefly shows up on a TV as a TV horror host. Brinke Stevens is in the movie he's showing "The Coven" in which she runs around a cemetery in a robe. Evidently there's more of the Brinke footage as a bonus feature on the Retromedia DVD double feature Mark of the Witch/The Brides Wore Blood.<br /><br />Jack-O: what's it about? Darn if I know. A little boy is told a story about a pumpkin-headed demon killer and he and some other kids are scared by a woman they think is a witch for some reason. She follows him home and offers to help his family with their haunted garage for Halloween (put your hand through a hole and feel eyeballs that are actually grapes etc.). The pumpkin-headed killer shows up several times to hold onto branches while he watches people or hold his scythe in front of the camera and pose with it for a while. Sometimes he manages to do more than just stand around holding things and actually kills people.<br /><br />There are also some flashbacks to a western or prairie family with the little boy playing the little boy in that family too: ancestors of his I think. I think they figure into Jack-O's backstory but I'm not sure how.<br /><br />The little boy is ostensibly the main character but we don't really learn anything about him except that he wears glasses has nightmares and will fight bullies even if he'll get beat up in the process. More time should have been spent establishing his character. I couldn't have cared less if he died.<br /><br />Not recommended not even for Halloween.
critique7655 My wife and I watched this abortion from its beginning. I hated it immediately but my wife became hooked on it for a couple of years.For me it just got worse and worse and the characters were all without question dreary and depressing without any redeeming features. My wife then grew tired of it and we stopped watching altogether. Occasionally I catch a clip of it or pass through it when channel surfing.There is always someone yelling at someone else or doing something dreadful. There never seems to be any lighter moments or happiness of any kind. That was always my main gripe with it when we first watched it- no humour. The writers seem to have no idea about drama - they seem to think conflict IS drama and of course that is only one element of it. Light and shade is sorely needed and actors who can bring something to it. I am sure the actors in Eastenders are competent but they have nothing to work with. It must be the most depressing acting job in showbiz. I fail to understand why the British public watch it and love it. What on earth does it say about our psyche? I have heard it said that it is "just like real life"-its nothing like my life or anyone's life I know otherwise we would be flinging ourselves from high buildings or under public transport. The themes it tackles are far from family viewing but still are shown pre-watershed. I love series like Breaking Bad or The Wire but I would not expect to see them at 7.30 or 8.00 in the evening. The programme is trash writ large and should be avoided at all cost.
critique7656 The only thing I remember about this movie are two things: first as a twelve year old even I thought it stunk. Second it was so bad that when Mad magazine did a parody of it they quit after the first page and wrote a disclaimer at the bottom of the page saying that they had completely disavowed it.<br /><br />If you want to see great sophomoric comedies of this period try Animal House. It's so stupid and vulgar it lowers itself to high art. Another good selection would be Caddyshack the classic with the late Rodney Dangerfield and Bill Murray before he became annoyingly charming with great lines like greens keeper Carl Spackler's "Correct me if I'm wrong Sandy but if I kill all the golfers they'll lock me up and throw away the key."
critique7657 This documentary is a reenactment of the last few years of Betty Page's(Paige Richards) career. The Tennessee tease was the most recognizable pin-up queen in history. Her most memorable work came in the 1950's and was fetish photos bondage and cat-fight "girly flicks". Irving Klaw(Dukey Flyswatter)at his Movie Star News instructed Betty on what to do in front of the camera. There was no nudity in the famous photos or "stag films" but nonetheless Klaw was charged with distributing obscene materials and was ordered to destroy them to avoid prosecution. It is no surprise that Betty had a cult following at the height of her career. The girl-next-door with jet black hair blue eyes and an hour glass figure dressed in fetish gear or not would mesmerize for decades. After all it has been said that she was photographed more than Marilyn Monroe and second only to the most photographed image in the world Elvis Presley. Betty Page would disappear and devote her last years to religion. This movie actually could have been a lot better; but good enough to hold interest.<br /><br />Miss Richards is stunning in her own right. Bra panties garter belt and hose do not hurt her image in the least. Also in the cast: Jaimie Henkin Jana Strain Emily Marilyn and Julie Simone. Be advised this movie can change your heart rate.
critique7658 I finally got to have a look at this experimental Lynch short after waiting for so long....and unfortunately it wasn't worth it! Even for a die hard Lynch fan I found this to be really tedious....<br /><br />nothing happens there are long long long painful pauses where nothing happens long monotonous speeches where nothing is said and the whole thing finishes with the viewer not knowing or caring what the hell it was all about what happened before and what happened afterward. <br /><br />There was a Mulholland Drive allusion - the blonde girl and the brunette girl were very Diane and Rita -esque and a Lost Highway moment with allusions to some significant event that happened but cannot be talked about clearly. <br /><br />Unfortunately It's all very uninteresting and very dull nothing happens it's very forgettable and I think i will delete it from my computer and forget I ever watched it. Sorry David!
critique7659 Most awful casting I've ever seen. Clark Kent as a crack head a very feminine looking woman as a trans and on and on.............<br /><br />Stupid ass violence just for the sake of being violent. No content no meaning. This person has never been on the streets. It's a joke!<br /><br />The only thing dumber than this movie is the fact that I finished watching it. I just kept thinking it couldn't get any worse but it did to the very end.<br /><br />Trying way to hard to be an off the hook movie. Trying to be freaky. So stupid! I really have no more to say but can't leave a comment unless I write more.<br /><br />Please take this advice and DO NOT BOTHER WATCHING THIS MOVIE!!!!! AWFUL!!!
critique7660 First off I would like to point out that while I am not an expert the way the trial was handled will insult your intelligence. Firstly the prosecution never proved that 'facilitated learning' actually works. Irresponsible for both the prosecution(because they can get an appeal) and the defense for not acting on this. As another commenter said facilitated learning was proved untrue. Secondly they used Terry as the translator who has personal interest and even will testify in the trial which is just stupid. If the court had allowed him to testify that way they would have brought in someone neutral otherwise they would be just asking for an appeal. Thirdly this child was never asked specific questions about the defendant by the prosecution(birthmarks details of the event etc.) and even when asked by the defense specific questions like when it started he could not answer. If that isn't reasonable doubt I don't know what is and a competent lawyer would have gotten an acquittal.<br /><br />Bottom line it starts off well with the pressures of being the parent of a child with autism but the trial makes this movie wholly unbelievable.
critique7661 Germans think smirking is funny (just like Americans think mumbling is sexy and that women with English accents are acting). I had to cross my eyes whenever the screen was filled yet again with a giant close-up of a smirking face. One of those 'housewife hacks corporate mainframe' tales where she defrauds a bank by tapping a few random keys on her home PC which is connected only to a power socket. The director obviously loves the rather large leading lady. Can't say I share his feelings. There's quite a funny bit when the entire family sit in front of the television chanting tonelessly along with the adverts. Apparently this review needs to be one line longer so here it is.
critique7662 It's hard to praise this film much. The CGI for the dragon was well done but lacked proper modelling for light and shadow. Also the same footage is used endlessly of the dragon stomping through corridors which becomes slightly tedious.<br /><br />I was amazed to see "Marcus Aurelius" in the acting credits wondering what an ex-Emperor of the Roman Empire was doing acting in this film! Like "Whoopie Goldberg" it must be an alias and can one blame him for using one if he appears in this stinker.<br /><br />The story might been interesting but the acting is flat and direction is tedious. If you MUST watch this film go around to your friend's house and get drunk while doing so - then it'll be enjoyable.
critique7663 I supposed 'Scarecrow Gone Wild' is a dull slasher flick. Yes it have some good point but it's a rehash from another flick. The acts is so awful nor the plot. <br /><br />The story goes from a legend about a living scarecrow on the cornfield. When an initiation become a prank and cause the life a boy in jeopardy the scarecrow comes alive and start a killing frenzy. Sound familiar right? It's derived from Scream Friday the13th Jeepeer Creepers Children of the Corn you name it!<br /><br />'Scarecrow Gone Wild' is so below average film. Barely have a scary moment. Even the final scene is laughable! Sadly we still could enjoy it as our time killer. But I prefer you to watch something else instead. Unless you're a big fan bad and cheesy movies off course.<br /><br />4/10
critique7664 This show uses a rather tired sitcom formula of the fat idiot blue collar slob with the pretty (and sometimes shrewish-seeming) wife and crazy in-law(s). With this show it's fat unfunny comedian Kevin James as Doug Hefferman who works as a delivery driver for a parcel service. He has a pretty wife Carrie (Leah Remini) who works as legal assistant and senile father-in-law Arthur Spooner (Jerry Stiller) who lives in his daughter and son-in-law's basement. Kevin James' Doug is your typical beer drinking sports loving TV watching slob of a sitcom husband who would rather watch the tube than deal with his marital issues. He also has a couple of idiot friends who lend extra stupidity to the problems encountered by this show's couple. Beyond the few laughs supplied by Jerry Stiller's crazy old man character this show was generally unfunny. Kevin James' imbecilic behavior usually caused the show's problems that usually resolved by his wife. This show continued a run of sitcoms with the fat stupid father/husband and their pretty wives that all seemed to run on ABC for some reason.
critique7665 I heard what people were saying but I ignored them. Being rushed at Blockbuster I grabbed copy of this movie and ran out. <br /><br />45 minutes into I was fighting to stay awake. There is some attempt to keep the film interesting but it was just bad. A chase of some sort takes place but it was long and drawn out - the perfect time to make a snack. By the time this movie was over I didn't care how ended I just wanted it to end. Walking in and out of my room checking to see if it was over.<br /><br />The entire movie is a cliche' the characters and their relationships. The plot twists are predictable as well as the ending. The actors made the best out of really terrible roles. All can say is: their clothes were nice but the movie it was just bad.
critique7666 A feminist tract in which if you the viewer believe that: i) wild animals are seldom tamed by singing but instead attack kill and eat (the line that grizzlies never attack unless provoked was a hoot - unless "provoked" means that it sees flesh); ii) homosexuality is both immoral per se -- and its acceptance almost always associated throughout history with signs of a society's dissolution and decay iii) few women are bisexual (in this one virtually every woman is presented as having no preference for men or women) iv) divorce is far worse than infidelity v) land is there for human beings to use develop and enjoy vi) it is as incumbent upon a mother of an adult son to keep in touch as it is upon the son vii) a mother raising her son alone is an unfortunate and real tragedy for the child viii) the idolization of a parent for worthwhile ideals is a good and healthy thing ix) adults continue to bear a responsibility for their sexual behavior no matter their age and the duty to engage in this most intimate and giving of acts only within the most intimate and openly sacrificial of relationships: marriage -- believe me you are NOT going to like this film! Essentially it's a Howard Stern sort of fellow who is brought down by a Jane Fonda sort of woman (think The Electric Horseman). It's ugly stuff because the values the ideals of the screenplay are all so harmful.<br /><br />I share the other objections about the odd things in the writing: a) why would this man lose every girlfriend he has -- because he refuses to reveal that his mother's death and funeral caused him to be unable to keep dates with them? It's a mystery why he just keeps saying "it was personal" when faced with angry and disappointed women. HUH? <br /><br />b) there's an enormous inconsistency (i.e. the screenwriter wants to have it both ways) by telling us that the protagonist's mother loved the father with everything she had - and then later we're told that there was only one great love in her life - her lesbian girlfriend.<br /><br />c) the underlying legal assumptions are nonsense. We're never told that the executor has any right to live at the property - merely that she shall determine the timing of the sole heir's title and right to occupy the property. Yet somehow the film makes it appear that the executor is the rightful occupant - which is crazy. (Try to think of any executor of any will who uses the decedent's property before the will's bequests are fulfilled - it doesn't happen).<br /><br />d) the assumption throughout this film is that women are equally drawn to men and women - it's just absurd. Thus we're told: i) that Penelope Ann Miller's character is dating other men near the end of the film - after having been with the decedent for five years - and before that in a fulfilling relationship with the protagonist ii) that the protagonist's housekeeper after being devoted throughout her adult life to her kind husband - is now dating another woman iii) that one girlfriend upset with the protagonist would now therefore "like to try a woman".<br /><br />iv) that a male transsexual is eager to date the protagonist v) that Mary Kay Place's character naturally looked at other women in college ("and they looked back" she says with an idiotic triumphal flip of the head).<br /><br />This is all just ridiculous.<br /><br />I agree with others about the sound of the DVD (I had to keep it at maximum volume and repeatedly rewind to understand names phrases).<br /><br />This is a film by someone who really despises traditional heroics by any man hates the notion that a man is needed to raise a child loathes the idea that there is any necessary connection between marriage and sex. The film is out to preach - and that kind of propaganda of false messages doesn't sit well.
critique7667 A bad bad movie... terrible plot hinges on Bolo Yeung's charater but he speaks maybe 20 words in the entire movie and only has one fight scene - still in great shape considering he was also in the kung fu classic "Enter The Dragon" Interesting to see William Zabka ("Johnny" from The Karate Kid) in another martial-arts role.
critique7668 This one's as cheesy as they come Ã‚Â– the concept of a massive and indestructible extraterrestrial bird is already too loopy for words but wait till you get a load of the goofy creature as it appears on screen! I tell you I laughed so hard through this thing that I missed out on some of the expository dialogue Ã‚Â– then again the latter is often so heavy on scientific jargon and laws of Physics and such (at which I've never been any good in spite of my love of sci-fi movies) that it didn't really matter anyway! The bird Ã‚Â– first depicted as a mere blurred form whizzing through the skies but subsequently shown in all its dopey glory Ã‚Â– is so sublimely silly that it wouldn't be amiss in a Looney Tunes cartoon (witness the series of intermittently-taken photographs that start with the creature in the distance and end on a side-splitting extreme close-up of its face)! <br /><br />Director Sears had fared much better with his other film about UFOs the fine EARTH VS. THE FLYING SAUCERS (1956) Ã‚Â– with special effects provided by a master Ray Harryhausen (speaking of which I've just given away my copy of the latter in anticipation of acquiring Columbia's recently-released SE DVD); also it seems to me that some of the footage illustrating the bird's rampage in New York here were lifted from the destruction of Washington seen in that earlier sci-fi classic! Again the leads are played by genre regulars Ã‚Â– namely Jeff Morrow (from THIS ISLAND EARTH 1955) and Mara Corday (from TARANTULA 1955); as with the afore-mentioned FLYING SAUCERS these titles are highly-regarded and beloved by fans Ã‚Â– consequently they are vastly superior to this lamentable addition to the alien/monster animal cycle prevalent during the sci-fi heyday and beyond (incidentally other flying menaces were featured in THE FLYING SERPENT 1946 which I haven't watched and Larry Cohen's tongue-in-cheek updating of same in Q: THE WINGED SERPENT 1982).<br /><br />Unfortunately THE GIANT CLAW can't even rise to a decent climax Ã‚Â– which is so rushed as to be "a wash-out" to quote a jet pilot from the film itself whose assault with rockets on the bird proves completely ineffective (that is before Morrow realizes that it's shielded by an invisible barrier and then has to figure out a way how to be able to penetrate it). Ultimately apart from the intractable (and frankly tedious) technical asides one gets a feeling of "so bad it's good" watching this: after all it only lasts for 74 minutes Ã‚Â– and in any case the bird is such an unforgettably daft creation as to put a huge smile on your face every time it turns up!
critique7669 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique7670 I am not so much like Love Sick as I image. Finally the film express sexual relationship of Alex kik Sandu their triangle love were full of intenseness frustration and jealous at last Alex waked up and realized that they would not have result and future.Ending up was sad.<br /><br />The director Tudor Giurgiu was in AMC theatre on Sunday 12:00PM on 08/10/06 with us watched the movie together. After the movie he told the audiences that the purposed to create this film which was to express the sexual relationships of Romanian were kind of complicate.<br /><br />On my point of view sexual life is always complicated in everywhere I don't feel any particular impression and effect from the movie. The love proceeding of Alex and Kiki and Kiki and her brother Sandu were kind of next door neighborhood story.<br /><br />The two main reasons I don't like this movie are firstly the film didn't told us how they started to fall in love? Sounds like after Alex moved into the building which Kiki was living then two girls are fall in love. It doesn't make sense at all. How a girl would fall in love with another girl instead of a man. Too much fragments you need to image and connect those stories by your mind. Secondly The whole film didn't have a scene of Alex and Kik's sexual intercourse that 's what I was waiting forÃ‚Â…Ã‚Â…. However it still had some parts were deserved to recommend. The "ear piercing " part was kind of interesting. Alex was willing to suffer the pain of ear piercing to appreciate kik's love. That was a touching scene which gave you a little idea of their love. Also the scene of they were lying in the soccer field the conversation express their loves were truthful and passionate.
critique7671 I didn't watch this show that much when I was little. And I think I only watched 1 episode which was about Railroads I believe because I liked trains and still do. Even then I thought it was a baby show. I mostly watched Arthur. The songs are pretty weird too. And I don't think it's that educational either. They just sing some dumb Nursery Rhymes. This is a dumb show any adults who like it are crazy! If you want some good kids shows watch something like Arthur Mister Rogers Neighborhood or even better Pee-wee's Playhouse. I thought Sesame Street was boring when I was little but even that is better than Barney. Trust me this show is pretty dumb there are other Kids Shows that are better than this one. I can see many of the reviews here that a lot of people don't like this show. Now there are some mature people. I hope they take this show off air soon.
critique7672 Well  of course everybody is entitled to have an opinion about a thing ...everything. The presentation was interesting : black and white movie  the year 1968  students manifestations  general strike  youth  ideals love.....etc. Sorry but I did not sense LOVE  ROMANCE . A lover who is all right that his girlfriend sleeps with no matter who ? That is love ? But not only that  the movie is very long and for no reason  I had to stop watching the movie several time because I simply lost interest. I waited for something to happen but .......NOTHING. The only thing I was impressed during the movie : Gypsy fiddler playing in the streets  yes that was nice. I do not think that art should be complicated  encrypted  hidden in secret meanings  confusing .Big disappointment and waste of time !
critique7673 I'm one of the millions of Columbo addicts all over the world and just watched thisthe episode that started it all on British Channel 5. It IS fascinating to think what sprung from this so-so movie and I can only marvel at whoever spotted the massive potential of "Columbo" and added all the little touches that make it such a marvellous & classic series. That said this particular movie is not as good as the rest (except for the embarrassing final episode & the patronising British episode). If Columbo had been made as per the original 'pilot' it certainly would NOT have gone on for very long or be watched and loved world-wide. In this film Lt Columbo is smartly dressed drives a normal car has a partner doesn't talk about his alleged relatives and comes across as quite aggressive. There's also none of the cat-and-mouse chemistry between Columbo and "the villain". Watchable but only for the novelty of seeing how Columbo started out.
critique7674 I really love the sexy action and sci-fi films of the sixties and its because of the actress's that appeared in them. They found the sexiest women to be in these films and it didn't matter if they could act (Remember "Candy"?). The reason I was disappointed by this film was because it wasn't nostalgic enough. The story here has a European sci-fi film called "Dragonfly" being made and the director is fired. So the producers decide to let a young aspiring filmmaker (Jeremy Davies) to complete the picture. They're is one real beautiful woman in the film who plays Dragonfly but she's barely in it. Film is written and directed by Roman Coppola who uses some of his fathers exploits from his early days and puts it into the script. I wish the film could have been an homage to those early films. They could have lots of cameos by actors who appeared in them. There is one actor in this film who was popular from the sixties and its John Phillip Law (Barbarella). Gerard Depardieu Giancarlo Giannini and Dean Stockwell appear as well. I guess I'm going to have to continue waiting for a director to make a good homage to the films of the sixties. If any are reading this "Make it as sexy as you can"! I'll be waiting!
critique7675 Beginning with the poster (featuring only Morgan Freeman and Kevin Spacey) the entire movie was a fraud. One stereotype after another this movie was about nothing - or nothing new at least. After 10-15 minutes you realize that you've just paid to see Justin Timberlake and LL Cool J recite their way through another cop-flick.<br /><br />Basically the story is about the corrupt system in some city all secretly supported by the backbone business and in town under the watchful eye of some hot-shot politician. The almighty and above-the-law organization is called FRAT and guess what? they've got a kick-ass loony cop shooting and beating at will - suspects girlfriends you name it. FRAT cops are corrupt and greedy so they end up making mistakes that get discovered by a young and talented (!!!) journalist. One hour later after a series of unbelievably bad-made shooting scenes and more stereotype lines everything ends happily and we get served the final line : you can't beat the system. Bah! Don't see this waste of film roll. Freeman and Spacey barely have 10 min altogether!
critique7676 If this guy can make a movie then I sure as hell can make one too.<br /><br />In fact if you hire me to make a movie for you I promise to do the following:<br /><br />1) I will add more naked women. This movie had none. I think cheesy B-class horror movies are only rented because of their traditional exploitation of the female body. I wouldn't want to let my viewers down.<br /><br />2) I will refrain from making too many scenes where the hero wakes up to find out it's only a dream. I think HorrorVision had about 4 of these scenes. And considering the movie was only like an hour long the dream-to-movie-length ratio was quite high. And if I do decide to do a dream sequence I will make sure that the person wakes up without clothes on. I mean who sleeps in leather pants??<br /><br />3) I will not rip off any movies like Star Wars or the Matrix because I will know that my budget is small and I will not want to mask my contempt for big-budget Hollywood movies by adding satirical references about them in mine. <br /><br />4) And finally I will not mix modern technology with the undead. I mean a palm pilot can only be so scary ... at least they turned it into an evil rolly-polly monster before the screen blew up or something.<br /><br />So if you are looking for the above qualities in your next horror production count on me: wanna-b-movie director extraordinaire.
critique7677 I think that this was one of the most trite films ever made. No redeeming features at all. Even my 12-year-old son said it was laughable. May be a good candidate for the next generation of "Mystery Science Theatre."
critique7678 No one is a greater fan of Geroge Macdonald Fraser's Flashman papers than I am.<br /><br />I was surprised to see just now that Richard Lester directed Royal Flash since I also see he had made the Three/Four Musketeers with Fraser which I though turned out rather well.<br /><br />Not so Royal Flash.<br /><br />I was 12 years old when the film was released and could not have been more enthusiastic since I had read all the Flashman papers published up to that time and was intoxicated with A Clockwork Orange and Malcolm MacDowel (I still am but he was never really given a chance after that).<br /><br />What a disappointment (I saw it once again when I was about 20 on television and it seemed even worse).<br /><br />None of the sharp dialogue in the books is transfered to the screen. The comedy of Flashman's character seemed to me to have been mishandled in about the same way one could imagine a group of high school students trying to parody it would do. The dueling and fencing was awful and undramatic.<br /><br />Looking back with more mature eyes the film failed completer to exploit the possibilities of direct satire of earlier film versions of the Prisoner of Zenda.<br /><br />If you have read the book and not seen the film I can only say that the film ends with Flashman and Rudi von Starnberg becoming fast friends and playing a game Rudi has just invented: Russian roulette.<br /><br />A pathetic betrayal of everything the books are about.<br /><br />My comments would be more direct if I had seen the film more recently but I am glad I have not.<br /><br />If by any chance Fraser ever reads this I can only say I think he is a genius--perhaps the greatest comic novelist of his generation but based on my appreciation of that corpus of work it as hard to believe that he wrote the screenplay of this film as that he did all those awful Roger Moore James Bond films.
critique7679 I give 3 stars only for the beautiful pictures of Africa. The rest was... well pretty boring. For about 50min we have the outline of the plot... In War of the worlds the introductory part lasted oh about 10min? Then was real action! This is something like:"Let's take a walk in the savanna and gasp at the beautiful sunsets!". And maybe deliver a message like "Don't kill elephants!". Very ecological. I would have expected this out of a "new" Steven Segal movie not from this... The leading actress makes me think about artificial sun-tan dyed hair and too much foundation! And I didn't see one scene where her hair is messed up or she sweats or her clothes are dusty. She just doesn't look like a 19 century woman! And in the bar where they seek up our hero Swayze makes a comment about the commander that he looks like Dracula. Hmmm Bram Stoker wrote his book and published it in 1896 and it became famous in the next years. Livingstone and other explorers went to central Africa from 1840 to 1880. So unless the action takes place between 1896 and 1900.. Houston we have a problem. :) Swayze makes a nice impression.. as a nutshell - hard on the outside but soft and cuddly on the inside. Not that I would cuddle with a nut but you get the point. He really manages to have that beaten puppy look on his face on several occasions. The movie stank. Way too long and increasingly boring. don't watch it! Don't buy it! It's a waste of your money!
critique7680 To the small minority seen here praising this film GET SERIOUS. I know it's down to peoples personal opinion at the end of the day but anyone with more than a couple of brain cells can surely see that this is total rubbish. So bad it does not deserve to be part of this franchise. I can only assume those saying how great this is are friends with somebody involved in the film and are trying to give their career a push. Poor in every way don't con people by saying otherwise. Storyline is a weak rehash of the previous entries script is likewise. Attempts to hide the lack of originality by using a girl instead (WOW!) don't disguise the film-makers lack of ideasand there is sadly a complete lack of any scares. Absolutely no redeeming qualities utter utter turd. I've awarded this pair of chancers one mark simply for having had the nous to get someone to fund this piece of crap. They must have put more effort into that than they did into actually making the film. Shame.
critique7681 Talk about a bore-snore. This 3rd rate biker film was putting me to sleep as soon as the opening credits came on the screen. The shame is that the cast included many fine actors among them-George Kennedy Karen Black Leo Gordon Richard Lynch Lance Henriksen and William Forsythe.<br /><br />A take off of the Western classic High Noon this is basically the story of a former U.S. army green beret (Henriksen) trying to get someone to help him rid a one-horse town of a gang of creepy bikers.<br /><br />Everyone tries but the script is on grade-school level. Sad to see academy award winner Kennedy in such a comedown from his out-standing performance in Cool Hand Luke. <br /><br />If you have trouble sleeping at night this would be a perfect movie video to rent..........you'll be sleeping in no time!
critique7682 I am not a big fan of the Spielberg/Cruise version of this film. And so I must throw in with the more humble Latt/Howel version. C Thomas Howel had more heart and more sympathy that Cruise in the lead role (at least in my opinion). Now this is hard to imagine until you strip away everything thing in the Spielberg version that cost more than a thousand dollars. There would be nothing left no special effects no sets no Cruise. Because I doubt that anything cost more than a cool grand in the David Michael Latt version. So comparing apples to turnips I guess I have to go with the turnips. At least it gives independent movies a shot at the epic science fiction disaster market.
critique7683 When i got this movie free from my job along with three other similar movies.. I watched then with very low expectations. Now this movie isn't bad per se. You get what you pay for. It is a tale of love betrayal lies sex scandal everything you want in a movie. Definitely not a Hollywood blockbuster but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. I would probably never watch this movie again. In a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time or you would see it on a Sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. Despite the bad acting clichÃƒÂ© lines and sub par camera work. I didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my DVD player. The story has been done many times in many movies. This one is no different no better no worse. <br /><br />Just your average movie.
critique7684 Oddly I have very little to say about "The Box" so this will be pretty brief. I have never read the Richard Matheson novella "Button Button" from which the film is based but considering what I saw in this "adaptation" there couldn't have been much semblance to such a legendary author's work. "The Box" is about a family who discover a strange contraption on their doorstep that has a button on it. Frank Langella shows up and explains how they will be given one million dollars if they push the button - the only 'catch' is that it will automatically kill someone somewhere... ??SPOILER?? They push it ??END OF SPOILERS?? That whole concept was interesting on its own but somehow they managed to extend the movie into some convoluted Stargate knock-off that pads it out until a pretty decent ending with a pretty profound message. While I'm trying to be as 'fair' as possible I still must say that this was not my cup of tea and it bored me severely. I guess its from the same director as "Donnie Darko" which I remember liking when I saw it years ago. "The Box" would've worked well as a short film but since it was so lifelessly adapted this way I can't come close to recommending it...
critique7685 Why o' WHY! ...did I pick this one up? Well... i needed a no-brainer in the summer heat and the cover looked cool.<br /><br />Of course I should've known better. This is a really really bad movie. And it gets embarasing when the makers know it's bad and try cover it up by adding some sexy/beautiful women and some sex-scenes to it. Well folks... it does'nt cut it does it!<br /><br />If you WOULD like a cool movie about a big reptile that is actually very very good well-played and funny: go rent Lake Placid! (that is an order)
critique7686 Ain't it hilarious when an average schmo leading a pathetic life suddenly has something outrageously magical happen to him turning his life upside down and causing him to learn a few valuable lessons along the way? That formula never gets old does it? It's such a sure fire way to make a classic film! Just look at major hits like Liar Liar and Big!... This must have been Rob Schneider's line of thinking when he made semi-successful Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo and followed it with The Animal. Since I've already traced the plot through sarcasm allow me to color it in more: Schneider plays a loser cop who's suddenly involved in a tragic accident but is saved through surgery... by a loopy veterinarian who loads him up with animal parts causing him to whinny like a horse at inappropriate times run like a cheetah etc. This movie is slightly more likable than other Schneider-starring flicks (such as another lame same-plot follow-up The Hot Chick) but it almost feels like they want audiences to hate it by casting a reality TV star as the romantic lead (Colleen Haskell from "Survivor") and inserting a cameo by Norm MacDonald. My favorite scene... just does not exist. Sorry - nothing memorably good except the production value. I just want to end this review by saying that slight references to other movies in a movie can be okay but when it comes to lines being delivered the exact same way ("You can DO it!") there's a word for that - "milking." Actually here's another word - "cheap."
critique7687 What was the worst movie of 2003? "Cat in the Hat?" "Gigli?" Mais non! I propose that it was this atrocious little film from earlier in the year. Badly written badly edited and (if I may be so bold) badly acted "The Order" is the black hole of film - a movie so dense not even the slightest bit of entertainment could escape from its event horizon of suck. It isn't even accidentally funny like (for example) "Showgirls."<br /><br />You know that the producers are assuming that their audience isn't going to be very smart. They renamed the movie originally titled "The Sin Eaters" because they figured Americans were too stupid to understand what a sin eater was even though they go to great lengths to explain what a sin eater is in the movie. Instead they figure an utterly generic title and a picture of Heath Ledger looking sullen are more than enough to get you in there.<br /><br />And hey what do you know they were right! My ex-girlfriend saw the picture of Heath and dragged me in. Congratulations producers you've met your target market. She also liked "Grease II" so you're in good company.<br /><br />Back on topic Heath plays a Catholic monk from a specific (you guessed it) order that is trying to investigate the murder of his mentor. He has celibacy issues possibly because nobody in their right mind would believe that he knew the slightest thing about religion much less be a celibate monk. The only other member of this order is a funny alcoholic fat guy. As much as I've wanted to see the return of the funny alcoholic to the big screen his attempts at humor reminded me of all the dorks in my high school who did imitations of Monty Python thinking that if they just said the lines like the Pythons did they would automatically be funny. You know the sort of people I'm talking about.<br /><br />If I utter any more I would be in danger of generating spoilers. Frankly the thing that spoiled this movie for me was the fact that it was created.
critique7688 To keep from being bored during "Love and Sex" first I tried to think of all the movies this was imitative of: "Breaking Up" with Russell Crowe and Salma Hayek (though that had a more original ending) "About Last Night" with Rob Lowe and a lot of TV shows. <br /><br />Second was admiring just how gorgeous Framke Janssen is so I couldn't believe for a nanosecond that she could have a problem getting a date. She is certainly in line to give Julia Roberts a run for her money literally-- and wasn't Julia in some movie with this same plot or other? <br /><br />Third was trying to figure out why the writer/director bothered to give Jon Favreau's character the Jewish name of Adam Levy; he even refers admiringly to eating a ham sandwich.<br /><br />Fourth was trying to figure out why some critics had given this a good review which is why I was in the theater.<br /><br />(originally written 9/2/2000)
critique7689 This one acts as a satire during the women's rights movement era. Of course that doesn't mean COACH (the movie) is a wonderful experience to behold. It runs into the same vein as FASTBREAK (which was better but still tame) and is basically standard fare fluff. What I mean for this movie being uninteresting is simple to recognize. Anybody who serves time away from a normal job by training a bunch of lunatics earning their way to sudden victory makes waste. It's the same feeling you may get after watching this. A nice attempt at casting the opposite sex for a man's duty but I expected better things.
critique7690 Drew Barrymore is an actress that has gone through bad periods not only in her career but in her personal life too. After being a prodigy child actress she descended into obscurity with mediocre films of low quality. While she has recovered from that dark past this movie stays as a reminder of Drew Barrymore's worst days.<br /><br />The movie starts with an interesting premise very reminiscent to Brian De Palma's "Raising Cain"; with a plot dealing with multiple personality disorder that sets the story for a horror/thriller. Barrymore stars as Holly Gooding a young woman who is trying to make a new life in California after a traumatic event of her past in which apparently her other personality killed her mother.<br /><br />Suddenly her past returns to haunt her as her evil personality is back in her life willing to ruin her new found peace and her new found love. In the middle of the chaos his new boyfriend Patrick Highsmith (George Newbern) will try to help Holly to face the demons of her past.<br /><br />Unlike De Palma's underrated thriller "Doppelganger" is for the most part a mediocre film that not only never fulfills it's purpose it also concludes in one of the worst endings of movie history. While Barrymore is definitely not at her best she manages to keep her dignity with an above average performance. The rest of the cast however range from mediocre to painfully bad over-the-top performances although Leslie Hope manages to be among the best of them.<br /><br />The script is full of clichÃƒÂ©s and De Palma's influence is quite obvious. While the movie tries to be original by making literary references in almost every line the dialogs are dull and the wooden acting certainly doesn't do any good. It has a fair share of nudity and for strange reasons and excessive use of special effects.<br /><br />The make-up effects are done by the outstanding KNB and are really among the few good things in the movie. However the bizarre over-use of the effects in the totally out of context ending decreases the impact of KNB's work and makes cheesy what in a different movie would be amazing.<br /><br />The fact that this is a B-Movie is no excuse for it's low quality as with a better and more coherent script this could had been an interesting movie. Sadly all we have here is a mediocre film that gets worse every second. Worthy for Barrymore's beauty. 3/10
critique7691 I know this is a made for TV movie and the acting in made for TV movies is usually sub-par but it's absolutely horrendous in this film. Sometimes acting gets so bad it's laughable but in this case it's so bad it's sickening.
critique7692 Sir John Gielgud must have become senile to star in a mess of a movie like this one.;<br /><br />This is one of those films I suppose that is considered "art" but don't be fooled.....it's garbage. Stick to the "art" you can admire in a frame because the films that are labeled as such are usually unintelligible forgeries like this.<br /><br />In this masterpiece Giegud recites Shakespeare's "The Tempest" while the camera pans away to nude people. one of them a little kid urinating in a swimming pool. Wow this is heady stuff and real "art" ain't it?? That's just one example. Most of the story makes no sense is impossible to follow and hence is one that Liberal critics are afraid to say they didn't "understand" so they give it high marks to save their phony egos. You want Shakespeare? Read his books.
critique7693 Somewhere inside this movie is a half-hour episode from The Twilight Zone trying to get out. Whereas Cube was taut well-made claustrophobic and mind-engaging I'm afraid Cypher is a bloated tedious rehash of several well-worn themes which just don't add up to much especially if you have seen almost any other half-way decent sci-fi film before.<br /><br />Cypher manages to drag all the way through its relatively short 95 minutes right to the incompetent ending. None of the characters spark off each other and for a film made in 2002 the technology is truly cheesy. It is difficult to connect this tired and uninspired movie with the director of Cube. It's not a bad movie but it is most definitely not a good one.<br /><br />When you've watched the grass grow and paint dry and are bored of your stick insects then by all means watch this film but the other activities will probably prove more stimulating.
critique7694 This should not have been listed as a Colombo because in my opinion it does not resemble any of the other Colombo ever made. This should have been listed as a movie starring Peter Falk and not playing the caracter of Colombo because it does not do justice at all to our great lieutenant Colombo.
critique7695 <br /><br />The movie starts out as an ordinary comic-hero-movie. ItÃ‚Â´s about the boy who is picked on has no parents and is madly in love with the schools #1 girl. Nothing surprises in the movie there is nothing that you canÃ‚Â´t guess coming in the movie. Toby Mcguire shows us that either he is no good actor or that no actor in the world can save a script like this one. Maybe kids around the age of ten can enjoy the film but it is a bit violent for the youngest. You canÃ‚Â´t get away from thinking of movies like X-men Batman and Spawn. All of those titles are better. I almost walked out the last 20 minutes! One thing that could have been good though was the computeranimation BUT not even that is anything to put in the christmas-tree! So my recomendation: DonÃ‚Â´t see this film even if you get paid for it!
critique7696 I too like Dafoe as an actor but i wasted a few hours of my life actually watching this film I still cant believe i managed to watch it in its entirety. Was there actually a point to the film? and the ending well Im glad i never paid to see this awful pointless piece of pathetic excuse of a film!<br /><br />Im not sure without hunting the facts out but is Dafoe married or seeing the awful actress in this film in real life if so was it an attempt to kick start her career? if so im afraid it must have failed..<br /><br />I post this in the hope i can actually put someone off watching this film even if 1 person takes heed of my comments and decides they would much rather watch paint drying i will feel i have made some good in the world if only i had had the same advice...
critique7697 Rented this from my local Blockbuster under the title SPECK - that may be the way to look for it if you still feel the need to see it after this review.<br /><br />It's a movie about the serial killer Richard Speck who killed several nurses in Chicago in the sixties. Watching the movie one gets the feeling that it follows the crimes to the letter. Unfortunately that doesn't make for a good movie.<br /><br />Another problem I had was the near-constant music letting us know that this was a SCARY MOVIE and some god-awful narration letting us know what's motivating Speck. The acting was average for this type of film; to give credit where credit is due the movie is very beautifully photographed for my taste. Your mileage may vary.<br /><br />Over all if you're interested in the subject matter it may be worth your time.
critique7698 There are times when less than halfway through a movie I start to wonder what the creators were thinking that made them decide not to burn every reel of footage and instead release a movie that has no real merit of any kind. And I mean any kind. This movie doesn't even hold up as made-for-cable porn. In fact Heaven's Tears is completely and utterly boring and at times a bit disturbing in its naivete. The girl who is as I recall eighteen masturbates while thinking of an older Nazi who hit her with a car--the "bumping into her in the hall as a way of introducing ourselves" syndrome from sitcoms and Robert Zemekis films. Then on their second or third meeting--get this--he is the shy one the one who is resistant to the girl's sexual advances and yet all she has to say is "I'm old enough. I'm want to" and he takes her to bed. Then after sleeping with this girl he hardly knows he feels completed as if he could die right there in the bed with her and he'd have lived a full life. It's like "Lolita" without a shred of social and personal commentary.<br /><br />The cinematography is the most boring part of the movie. No interesting angles or originality at all not even for the sex scenes which are supposed to be the main draw for these kinds of movies. The masturbation scene is just a camera circling the girl's bed (very fake looking as if it's on a stage) and it's interspliced with her fantasy of the man taking a shower in a waterfall. The "I am completed" scene is just a close-up of the girl's right side (head down to her breasts) with the guy on top of her and it's the same shot for the whole time even though there are repetitious cuts to a fairly unrelated scene of the Nazi's older sister who has some kind of incestuous crush on him (she's ridiculous and silly so it doesn't matter). I think the whole thing lasts five to ten minutes and it's neither enlightening nor arousing.
critique7699 Raising Victor Vargas fails terribly in what it tries most to be: being real. Unfortunately there is no reality to this film. The characters and situations feel completely artificial and fake.<br /><br />The reason? Bad directing. Peter Sollett uses all the wrong tools in his arsenal. It seems Mr. Sollett read somewhere that not lighting his film would give it an authentic feel. Wrong! It just gives it a badly-made feel. Similarly shaking the camera does not give a documentary style to your film it just gives the audience a headache and detracts from what's on screen instead of enhance it.<br /><br />Of course what's on screen is so painfully fake as if Mr. Sollett wrote his script with the only goal of trying to look "hip" to his Sundance buddies and show how "edgy" a filmmaker he is.<br /><br />Overall the only lasting impression this film leaves you with is what a bad director Mr. Sollett is. Next time how about taking a few writing and directing classes?
critique7700 Wow...where to begin...picked this up at Big Lots for only $2.99. That's three bucks I'll never see again...ever...and for what? I'll tell ya. An hour and fifteen minutes of boring boring boring chat and college angst that seemed more suitable for a Lifetime movie than the horror flick advertised on the box. (May the marketing droids who designed it burn in Hell for all eternity). Follow that up with a little bit of cheap gore (not even good gore mind you...) and a plot twist at the end that comes out of nowhere and makes no sense. Awful awful awful...<br /><br />Was there any redeeming qualities? Well on the Joe Bob Briggs scale there WERE six breasts involved but that's hardly worth my long lost three bucks. Without those this coulda been on Sci-Fi at say two or three in the morning...<br /><br />Bmoviefreak
critique7701 First off I really loved Henry Fool which puts me in a very small pool of movie goers. Parker Posey is one of best actresses on-screen today. But this film was a full-out travesty. Watching Hartley and the actors talk about the film in the extras - so full of pride and making pointless analogies to Star Wars - was stomach-turning. This was hype on the producers part (HDNET) realized to the max. A true example of the Emperor and his new clothes. Mostly I feel that Hal has spoiled HENRY FOOL forever. I don't think I can ever see it again in it's pure innocent light.<br /><br />Remember Hal you can FOOL some of the people some of the time... etc. The director would be nowhere today if all he did was churn out meaningless garbage. Sadly it's a pure example of the lesson taught in the film ADAPTATION. The story must be exciting and active or its box-office hopes are dim indeed. Never mind a decent story. For the actors it was like trying to act in a straitjacket.<br /><br />The score I believe Hartley's is tasteless. With drum hits walking all over dialog. There was one Apple Soundtrack loop I recognized that gave me a smile.<br /><br />When I saw the trailer I thought oh they're just trying to grab a new audience. But it's really this ridiculous ride. I'd be happy to spoil this movie for you but it's been done. It's rotten. The FOOL franchise is dead. Long live Henry Fool.
critique7702 Grieving couple move to a cabin on a mountain after the loss of their daughter discovering that there may be ghosts haunting the place restless spirits of past occupants who committed suicide. Julie Pyke(Cheri Christian)blames husband Allen(Greg Thompson)for the horrible death of their daughter due to leaving the door unlocked and the marriage has deteriorated because of it. Julie remains in a zombie state eliciting next to no emotion remote and numb only photographing a nearby abandoned prison finding a startling image of a ghoul girl clinging to the bars of a cell. Though Allen doesn't see anything out of the ordinary Julie continues to take pictures and we can recognize that something isn't quite right. A local handyman Jim Payne(Scott Hodges) a rather distant fellow who harbors a secret becomes a dangerous threat when it is revealed that his dead mother might have something to do with the haunts occurring to the Pykes. Meanwhile the neighbors who sold the Pykes the cabin find themselves victims as well alcoholic Mr Booth's abuse to his wife coming back to haunt him. Allen will conduct an investigation into the history of his cabin attempting to unravel the mystery about the place.<br /><br />Plenty of ghosts moving about in the background in this somber supernatural tale with practically every character miserable. Cheri Christian remains so vacuous and lost it's incredibly hard to connect with her despite the fact that you understand her plight. The acting as is often mentioned remains frustrating because none of the characters exactly are easy to latch on to. I guess it's supposed to be this way under their circumstances but the trouble I had was never being able to properly embrace the Pykes due to their constant state of aloofness. Cheri comes off as cold and detached as I figure a mother would tend to be when you lose a child in such a way but the icy nature left me pleading inside to embrace her which I just never could. I think the right performers even if the characters are going through an emotional turmoil can grab the hearts of their viewers if a humanity reaches out to us..in this movie's case the leads are unable to do so for whatever reason. It could've been me I don't know. I wanted to care for them but nothing in the characters tugged on my heart strings. Anyway as the film continues Allen slowly uncovers certain truths and must defend himself against his wife who has convinced herself that their daughter is among them and she won't lose her little girl again. Jim the unstable neighbor who believes that to stop the hauntings plaguing the area he must kill the Pykes becomes a vital threat. The ghosts remain a central part of the movie their presence particularly Jim's mother established throughout off in the distance. The finale reveals all of them as Allen must find help for his wife while trying to thwart Jim's mission. I had a hard time getting into this one due to my unease with the leads and their characters.
critique7703 When I refer to Malice as a film noir I am not likening it to such masterpieces as Sunset Boulevard Double Indemnity or The Maltese Falcon nor am I comparing director Becker to Alfred Hitchcock Stanley Kubrick Stanley Kramer or Luis Bunuel. I am merely registering a protest against the darkness that pervades this movie from start to finish to the extent that most of the time you simply cannot make out what is going on. I can understand darkness in night scenes but this movie was dark even in broad daylight for what reason I am at loss to understand. As it is however it wouldn't have made much difference if director Becker had filmed it in total darkness.
critique7704 It's hard to believe after waiting 14 years we wind up with this piece of cinematic garbage. The original was a high impact dark thriller that achieved "cult" status demonstrating the fine art of cinema as directed by Paul Verhoeven. This film adds nothing delivers nothing and ultimately winds up in the big box of failed sequels.<br /><br />The opening sequence could have triggered an intriguing set of plot developments using a considerably talented and able cast. Unfortunately we are treated to a 90 minute dissertation in the self-indulgent life of Catherine Tramell... or is it Sharon Stone. Possibly a copulation of both.<br /><br />If the desire is too see a continuation of the sensually provocative stying of sex as in "B.S.1" forget it. You wind up with soft-porn boredom which ultimately upholds the old adage that a woman can be more alluring in clothes than out of them. It's interesting to note that the wonderful Charlotte Rampling was romping around in her skivvies via the 1966 GEORGY GIRL when Ms. Stone was only 8 years old. A very talented actress and quite adept at holding her own even here.<br /><br />If you're a true cinema fan then you must see this film and judge it using your own rating system. If not you might as well wait for the DVD release in the "rated" version "unrated" version "collectors" edition or "ultimate" version and perhaps in another 14 years we will be saturated with news of "Basic Instinct 3" at which point Ms. Stone will be 62 years old and nobody will really care.
critique7705 Gorgeous bodies gorgeous colors and camera work pretentious dialog banal plot. The name of the prima donna Camilla and the eponymous flowers that appear frequently are enough to remind us of the plot similarities from Dumas' novel La Dame aux Camelias the movie Camille starring Garbo and (I think) Robert Taylor and last but not least Verdi's opera La Traviata. Beautiful not-too-virtuous young ladies social outcasts for one reason or another loved split up reunited just in time to die of tuberculosis in the last scene... One forgives banal plots and stupid unrealistic dialog in opera but why waste Hayak Don Sutherland a beautiful rendition of LA in the 30s a deus ex machina earthquake that conveniently kills the other woman and all that beauty on this mediocre turkey where there isn't even any beautiful singing?
critique7706 Didn't care for the movie the book was better. Does anyone know where it was filmed? *** this was my first visit to your site...just found the answer to my question. so now I look like a dummy but I think I'll still submit my comments. and yes British Columbia is lovely ***Or why they took it from its South Carolina Coastal setting?(this question stands) The place was essential to the fabric of the book and its change was part of my disappointment with the movie. Oh I just read where I need to write at least ten lines. Here's my other main issue with the film. Kim Bassinger was too vapid and not at all what I pictured from the book. I know the book was the book and the movie; well not so good. I found the character in the book much more empathetic. Also the book evoked rustic almost primitive images of the monastery. While the "castle" in the film was much more visually impressive it distorted the feel of the story and seemed at odds with the characters.
critique7707 Apparently the film has a harsh anti-Bush message... If it does (I didn't get it) that's all it is. It's boring and useless period.<br /><br />It's too serious at times to be a comedy too slow to be a thriller not funny not gripping not exciting not film. It's too everything to be the opposite and vise versa. I was amazed at how bad a film could suck. Don't even think of watching it.<br /><br />I have watched literally hundreds of films and never have I been so obliged to write a warning on IMDb. Avoid at all costs. You have been warned.<br /><br />Even "The Making of..." is painfully boring. It's just people talking gibberish with loads of inside jokes infront of a camera sort of like a home movie. There even is a part where a guy takes you on a tour of the food that was consumed on the set by the film crew. Still beats the movie I guess...
critique7708 The story of a Volcano erupting downtown L.A. sounds like a nice plot for a disaster movie. This one though is missed bigtime. The movie looks chaotic has a storyline which is hard to follow or believe and the acting was very bad.<br /><br />Im in agreement with a lot of comments that Lee Jones is only good at bossing people around as a chief in some particular field. In this one he is heading the emergency office. Being chief of such an office it naturally is a good idea to bring along your daughter to dangerous scenes. Clever thinking. Ann Heche touching walls and walking in tunnels that suppose to be 678 degrees fahrenheit. Yea right. Aside from the bad acting those factual errors make the film look almost as silly as Armageddon. The only good point of this movie is that there is no Ben Affleck to make matters even worse. Avoid this movie at all costs.
critique7709 Forbidden Siren is based upon the Siren 2 Playstation 2 (so many 2s) game. Like most video game turned movies I would say the majority don't translate into a different medium really well. And that goes for this one too painfully.<br /><br />There's a pretty long prologue which explains and sets the premise for the story and the mysterious island on which a writer (Leo Morimoto) and his children daughter Yuki (Yui Ichikawa) and son Hideo (Jun Nishiyama) come to move into. The villagers don't look all too friendly and soon enough sound advice is given about the siren on the island to stay indoors once the siren starts wailing.<br /><br />Naturally and slowly things start to go bump and our siblings go on a mission beating around the bush to discover exactly what is happening on this unfriendly island with its strange inhabitants. But in truth you will not bother with what's going on as folklore and fairy tales get thrown in to convolute the plot even more. What was really pushing it into the realm of bad comedy are its unwittingly ill-placed-out-of-the-norm moments which just drew pitiful giggles at its sheer stupidity until it's explained much later. It's one thing trying to come up and present something smart but another thing doing it convincingly and with loopholes covered.<br /><br />Despite it clocking in under 90 minutes - I think it's a horror movie phenomenon to have that as a runtime benchmark - it gives that almost two hour feel with its slow buildup to tell what it wants to. Things begin to pick up toward the last 20 minutes but it's a classic case of too little too late.<br /><br />What saves the movie is how it changes tack and its revelation at the end. Again this is a common device used to try and elevate a seemingly simple horror movie into something a little bit extra in the hope of wowing an audience. It turned out rather satisfactorily but leaves a bad aftertaste as you'll feel cheated somewhat. There are two ways a twist will make you feel - it either elevates the movie to a memorable level or provides you with that hokey feeling. Unfortunately Forbidden Siren belonged more to the latter.<br /><br />The saving grace will be its cinematography with its use of light shadows and mirrors but I will be that explicit - it's still not worth the time so better to avoid this.
critique7710 It's unlikely that anyone except those who adore silent films will appreciate any of the lyrical camera-work and busy (but scratchy) background score that accompanies this 1933 release. Although sound came into general use in 1928 there are no more than fifty words spoken to tell the story of a woman unhappily married who deserts her husband for a younger man after a romantic interlude in the woods.<br /><br />The most vividly photographed scene has the jealous husband giving a lift to the young man for a ride into town proceeding to drive normally until he realizes the man is his wife's lover. In a frenzy of jealousy he drives at top speed toward a railroad crossing but changes his mind at the last moment losing his nerve. It's probably the most tension-filled scene in the otherwise decidedly slow-moving and obviously contrived story.<br /><br />HEDY LAMARR is given the sort of close-up treatment lavished on Marlene Dietrich by her discoverer but her beauty had not yet been refined by the cosmeticians as they were when she was transported to Hollywood. Her performance consists mostly of looking sad and morose while mourning the loss of her marriage with only brief glimpses of a smile when she finds her true love (ARIBERT MOG) the handsome young stud who retrieves her clothes after a nude swim.<br /><br />The swimming scene is very brief discreetly photographed and not worth all the heat it apparently generated. The love-making scene later on is also artfully photographed with the sort of lyrical photography evident throughout most of the film--artfully so. More is left to the imagination with the use of symbolism--and this is the sort of thing that has others proclaiming the film is some kind of lyrical masterpiece.<br /><br />Not so. It's disappointing primitively crude in its sound portions (including the laborious symphonic music in the background) and certainly Miss Lamarr is fortunate that Louis B. Mayer saw the film and on the basis of it gave her a career in Hollywood. He must have seen something in her work that I didn't.<br /><br />It's apparent that this was conceived as a silent film with the camera doing all the work. The jarring "workers" scene at the conclusion goes on for too long and is a jarring intrusion where none is needed. It fails to end the film on the proper note.
critique7711 Black Candles is rather a muddled mess from the same director that brought us "Vampyres" and much later "Rest in Pieces" among others..I'm only noting the ones I've seen. At any rate we have a couple making love and then somewhere near by a pin is poised over a voodoo doll and then pierces it and the man keels over. Not sure if it was good for either of them at that point. Fast forward to where the man's sister has come to the house to investigate and hear the reading of the will or something to that effect and of course everybody else except her is in on something which happens to be devil worship. It's really hard to say who is who at moments during the movie and it does get a bit confusing at times. To spice things up though there's a simulated bestiality scene (I HOPE it's simulated) with a black goat sure to be a crowd pleaser. Ugh. At times this echoes "Rosemary's Baby" minus the baby because the hostess is always giving one woman herbal tea and the place reeks of whatever nasty Satanic herbs these are too because that keeps getting remarked upon. However the herbs aren't the only thing that reeks about this film. The end seems to be back to the beginning again and many viewers might find themselves wondering where they've been during the middle part. It's not unwatchable it's just not very good and I guess it all depends on what you like to see in films and there wasn't much here that did anything much for me. 3 out of 10.
critique7712 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique7713 I'm sure that any legitimate submariner would happily ship out on the USOS Seaview (yes SOS...) Why you could play full-court basketball in the torpedo room it's so large. And how 'bout the bay windows in the bow the better to see giant squids or minefields that appear out of nowhere? Did I mention the colorful mess-cook with the parrot on his shoulder? And the Admiral's stateroom with what appears to be a loft? Big bleeping sub...<br /><br />OK OK...it's never gonna win any prizes for authenticity. And if the sub is laughable the plot is even worse. Somehow the Van Allen belts of radiation hundreds of miles in space have "caught fire" are going to make global warming look like a weenie roast. Pompous Admiral Nelson (Walter Pidgeon) along with his sidekick Lucius (Peter Lorre looking suitably uncomfortable) hatch a scheme to put out the fire by firing a missile into its midst.<br /><br />There's plenty of intrigue (sic) along the way with a born-again survivor (and his little dog too!) two "dames" who can never leave well enough alone a passel of "red shirts" who are expendable and plot holes big enough for Godzilla to walk through. Thrill to the Seaview being chased at what looks like 60 miles per hour by another sub -- no need for advanced sonar when you can follow from 100 feet astern.<br /><br />The movie careens from one cliff-hanger to another; the payoff is so anticlimactic as to be pointless certainly not worth the 1 hour and 50 minute wait.<br /><br />The technical adviser for this shipwreck must have been a 14-year old boy with a stack of Popular Mechanics magazines. Worth watching if only to riff upon.
critique7714 This movie is a great movie ONLY if you need something to sit and laugh at the stupidity of it. As a geologist this movie gets most of the important facts wrong and uses actors that are too young to even be considered in the top of their fields. It is interesting how it shows spurting lava in massive caverns below the Earth's surface. It also is funny how seismically active areas are shown to have massive destruction from a 6.5 magnitude earthquake. They seem to forget the building standards in these areas would be higher needing a bigger quake to do this much damage. Also it is funny how much they make the coast line of Washington State and also Oregon to look as though they are nice beaches of Southern California. The Jelly donut analogy is very entertaining even if the way it is used is wrong. The director does a good job of adding more comic relief with the 2 "supossed" PhD's.
critique7715 they should make terrorists watch this video as torture and not just for the disturbing final scene in which tying up and beating a woman with mental problems is apparently a source of comedy. about a half hour of this would convince even the staunchest fundamentalist to spill the beans rather than sit through even one more minute of this disaster.<br /><br />This movie is awful. I rented it because a friend said it was hilarious only to find he was talking about the blowhard director doing the commentary rather than the movie itself. I guess if you find unrestrained arrogance funny you'll like this. It apparently is true that he goes on and on about chicks he's "banged" the most tasteless example being when the lead actress comes on screen.<br /><br />Actually CJ Stacy was the only good part of this movie - her charisma shines like a diamond in this horrid dung pile. This apparently is the only movie she's done according to IMDb I hope she is involved with theatre or indie stuff as I think she has the talent and natural beauty to really be an asset to any production.
critique7716 The silent one-panel cartoon Henry comes to Fleischer Studios billed as "The world's funniest human" in this dull little cartoon. Betty long past her prime thanks to the Production Code is running a pet shop and leaves Henry in charge for far too long -- five minutes. A bore.
critique7717 Let's get one thing straight: I like much of Snipes' work. Unlike his other high-kicking contemporaries (Seagal and Van Damme) he can actually act. This film however does little to enhance his reputation; it's not exactly unwatchable - but I am not in any hurry to watch it again either. In fact if I never saw it again it wouldn't bother me - there are just loads of better films out there to waste my on! It's a pity because with a bit of imagination and and some subtle changes this could have been a worthwhile film. Instead the director has chosen to almost try and bludgeon his audience into submission with too much over-the-top violence and very little characterisation.<br /><br />The biggest problem I have is with Snipes' co-star Silvia Colloca. It baffles me that the producers of this film went to all the bother of hiring a stunning beautiful (for my money anyway) and talented actress like Miss Colloca and then give her such a pathetic one-dimensional character to play with. If she was hired to simply add a bit of "glamour" to the movie she doesn't even do that very well; there's no nudity in the film and also no sex scene worth mentioning. Strange really. Given the amount of violence in this film it baffles me why the producers have taken such a conservative attitude to sex and nudity. Are we living in 2007 or in 1957? What the producers of this rubbish (and probably the actors as well) have forgotten is that films are meant to be fantasies. Like most of the inhabitants of this planet my real life is very boring. I would love to be chasing terrorists be able to handle myself like Mr Snipes and hook up with a beautiful young thing like Miss Colloca. This film satisfies none of those fantasies very well. Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!
critique7718 There is something in most of us especially guys that admires some really working class small town "real men" populist fare. And Sean Penn serves it up for us with a cherry on top. Hey A lot of people use Penn as a political whipping boy but I don't rate movies or actor/directors based on politics or personality. That is what right wing commentators like excretable faux movie reviewer Debbie Schlussel does. While acknowledging he is one of our best actors and a good director I think this picture was a simplistic piece of aimless dreck that he has atoned for since. <br /><br />Okay you have the gist of this there is this good cop a small town trooper Joe played against type by David Morse who in the opening scene chases some guy on a country farm road in big sixties cars. The bad guy stops gets out shoots at him so Joe has to blast him dead. There was no explanation what drove this man to do such a desperate violent thing and the dead man's parents do some redneck freak out at the police station while Joe feels real sad and guilty that he had to kill someone. So we know that Joe the farmer forced off his land into a cop job is a good basic sort of guy. Then his brother Frank shows up he is a sadistic amoral bully fresh out of the Army and Nam where the war got his blood lust up. Some people here and in other reviews called him just an irresponsible hell raising younger brother and Sean was trying to make some point about what our John Wayne tough guy culture and war does to otherwise good people but what I saw was an amoral sadistic bully who enjoys hurting and ripping people off. Then there is mom and dad Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson who do the requisite turn as old fashioned country couple then die off; she by illness and he by shotgun suicide to advance the story for us. Both times Frank the bad guy is away being a miserable SOB. But good Joe brings him back to Podunksville from jail so Frank can straighten his life out by welding bridges and living with his utterly stupid screaming trashy pregnant wife. But Joe has a nice wife played by Italian actress Valeria Golina who is Mexican and Sean uses this as an exercise in some affirmative action embellishment of goody Joe and his real soulfulness underneath his uniform and crew cut. For me that was an utterly pointless affirmative action subplot that Sean uses to burnish his tough guy creds by sucking up to Mexicans because Mexicans are so tough and cool.<br /><br />But Frank is bad and we get the requisite events like stealing friend's car robbing gas station by beating the clerk over the head then torching the car and all those cool things that hell raisers do. Then there are the mandatory 8mm film childhood flashbacks of young Joey dutifully moving the lawn and cowboy dressed Franky jumping on his back and wrestling him and yadda yadda so we all know what deep bond there is between the two of them.<br /><br />So the film meanders around with a lot of small town schlock to warm the heart of any red stater. Accompanying the film was a great soundtrack of good sixties songs like Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin which were totally inappropriate except for the 60's era effect to win the hearts of old hippies. The worst offense is that since the movie was inspired by a Springsteen song "The Highway Patrolman" that song was not included. <br /><br />So Joe's brain dead wife goes into labor and Joe runs off to the bar to get loaded and spout some populists drunken victim's spiel about how tough things are while good Joey comes to drag him back to his wife. The bartender is good Ole Ceasar played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo - Frank whigs out for no particular reason and beats his pal Ceasar to death after good Joe the Cop leaves.<br /><br />So Joe has chase his bad brother down and I was so hoping that he would do the right thing and blow that menace to society away. Instead we get a scene where his brother stops ahead of him in some old 50's junker on some lonely road at night and little Franky in his cowboy suit and cap guns gets out of the car to face good Joe the kid from the 8mm flashback home movie sequence. Oy such dreck! Then to top off this drecky sap fest there is some Zen crap about the Indian runner who is a messenger becomes the message ala Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean Sean has done much better than this so don't be afraid to miss this one.
critique7719 The positive reviews on this page are planted by the filmmakers and their friends. This film is amateurish in terms of direction acting in fact in every aspect. If the IMDb are gonna allow filmmakers to dictate what is written about their films then that is a very sad thing. This film has a marketable premise but it is absolutely horrifically made.<br /><br />Film is subjective so everyone has their own opinion. But this film is on a par with the work of Ed Wood but without any of the charm. To think otherwise shows bad taste of the highest order.<br /><br />This is not a personal thing. I don't know anyone associated with the film. I'm just a film lover who feels that the reviews on this page are completely inaccurate and therefore I felt the need to address the balance and give a more accurate view of the film. It's very poorly made and the direction is below even film-making by the numbers. The acting is the worse ever committed to film. The best thing about this film is the poster and DVD cover art. Beyond that it's not worth the time.
critique7720 Platoon is to the Vietnam War as Rocky IV is to heavyweight championship boxing. Oliver Stone's story of the experience of a US Army platoon in Vietnam in 1968 is so overdone it's laughable. While most or all of the occurrences in Platoon did occur over the 10+ year span of US military involvement in Vietnam to portray these things happening to one small group of men in such a short time frame (weeks) gives a horribly skewed picture of the war. In Platoon the men of the platoon see all of the following in the course of a week or two: US soldiers murdering civilians US Soldiers raping civilians a US Sergeant murdering another US Sergeant a US Private murdering a US Staff Sergeant US soldiers killed/wounded by friendly fire 90%+ killed or wounded in the platoon. For Stone to try to pass this film off as the typical experience of a US soldier in Vietnam is a disgrace. Two Vietnam War films I would recommend are We Were Soldiers (the TRUE story of arguably the worst battle for US soldiers in Vietnam) and HBO's A Bright Shining Lie.
critique7721 I am an avid fan of violent exploitation cinema who would never attack a film for being violent or disturbing. I consider "Cannibal Holocaust" a masterpiece and will always defend controversial films like "Day Of The Woman" or "Last House on the Left" as genuine classics. Anyone who browses through my other user comments will notice that I am actually very pro-violence/gore when it comes to films. However I do think that there should be at least some point to the violence. This piece of crap doesn't have any point whatsoever. The first film in the notorious "Guinea Pig" series "The Devil's Experiment" (1985) is widely controversial but as opposed to many other controversial films this stinker has nothing at all to be recommended for. I must say that before seeing any of the Guniea-Pig films I already had a feeling that I would hate this one knowing what it was about. Due to its status as one of the most controversial films around however I decided I had to see it. I am very glad I didn't waste any money on this pile of crap and I sure wish I hadn't wasted my time with it either.<br /><br />This thing's story (I don't even want to call it a 'film'): It doesn't have one. Three scumbags torture a woman to death for some excruciating 40 minutes. That's it. There is no artistic value no 'shocking' story no suspense; nothing. Simply the disbelief that a film that shows NOTHING except for a woman being tortured for no reason enjoys an enormous cult-following. It IS disturbing I give it that. Of course it is disturbing to watch a torture video for 40 minutes. What is more disturbing however is the fact that many people actually seem to regard this pile of garbage as some kind of masterpiece. I really cannot figure why. The fact that the gore effects look realistic cannot be the reason I hope. The girl who plays the victim isn't a very good actor and reacts very calm to all the torture. That makes the film look less realistic which is in this single case a good thing. This is a film that is sickening; not for its gore but for its redundancy its existence for the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture.<br /><br />I strongly oppose any form of censorship. Since this is 100% fake and nobody got hurt during its production it IS legitimate to make such a film. However I cannot think of a single reason why anyone would like this other than the morbid desire to watch suffering and the enjoyment of torture. This film's sequel "Flowers of Flesh and Blood" gained notoriety when actor Charlie Sheen mistook it for an actual snuff film and informed the FBI. Fortuneately the film turned out to be fake. Overall "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake torture/snuff film that seems to have the sole purpose of looking as close to a real snuff film as possible.<br /><br />"The Devil's Experiment" is one of the worst films I have ever had the misfortune of sitting through. Don't torture yourself by giving this piece of crap a try for its controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of 10 I wish there was a negative scale in order to appropriately rate this pile of crap.
critique7722 Richard Donner shows off his liberal credentials with this ludicrously overcooked simplistic attack on the politics of South Africa.It's not as if America is the cradle of racial harmony and brotherly love - and further irony is added by the fact that the movie is set in the city that was the home of Rodney King and glorifies the Police Department that did so much towards community relations with their brutal racist behaviour. So Donner's salt and pepper pairing who clearly have a late = developing teenage crush on one another do their own thing with fine disregard for the rule of law or the rules of evidence and no one worries because the bad guys are white South Africans - surely a worrying example of police racism in itself? Inside Rudd's (Joss Ackland - eminently hissable) office the decor is designed and lit to resemble as far as possible the Fuhrerbunker and just in case some rather dumb moviegoers miss the pointhe and his men are referred to as "nazis" at regular intervals. For me the only bright spot in the movie was when Mel Gibson turned up at an anti - apartheid demonstration carrying a banner bearing the inscription "End Aparthied Now". The intensely irritating Joe Pesci is introduced into the franchise to take some of the weight off the boys' shoulders by following them around yapping incessantly like a badly-trained puppy.This would be bearable if there was the remotest possibility of him ending up in a concrete overcoatbut sadly he survives to irritate another day. Miss Patsy Kensit seems in a world of her ownperhaps not believing her luck at being cast opposite Mel Gibson who has little trouble sweeping her into bed in his mobile home which appears to have been washed up on a beach somewhere.Shortly after consummating their affair they come under fire from a number of helicopters that fire enough rounds into Mel's caravan to keep the U.S. Army in Iraq going for six months. Fortunately he has a pet dog who is not afraid to cause coitus interruptus just as they are going for seconds and his barking warns them of the imminent attack.I hope he got a special bone as a reward. The film climaxes(without interruption from Mel's dog) on a cargo ship bound for Nazi Germany (sorrySouth Africa)when Mel and Danny murder so many members of the master race that I lost count.Despite jiggling around like Bonnie and Clyde under the impact of a hail of bulletsMel survivescurled up in his partner's arms like a small child with a wise and benevolent father.Take thatApartheid!
critique7723 Of course I have disappeared into the movies. The Neil Young concert film 'Heart of Gold.' <br /><br />There have been many great concert films through the years. The best being Martin Scorsese's 'The Last Waltz' which filmed the Band's last concert at Filmore West. A phenomenal concert and a phenomenal film that is if you love rock and roll and felt as if you had been born into it and were part of the music and could be in the band if you had a better guitar and someone would show you the chords and that with a few chords and a lyric or two you could change the world...as you can guess I felt all five to the bottom of my twenty four year old soul. <br /><br />Neil Young was in 'The Last Waltz.' They had to digitally before digital actually they had to manually scrape a big hanging cocaine rock that extruded from his nose so in the film there's a bright light that is not the star of Bethlehem dangling above his lip and below his nostril...it's a famous bit of rock and roll history. <br /><br />But 'The Last Waltz' was made when the Band and Neil and everyone else was in their thirties and 'Heart of Gold' was filmed last year when Neil is in his sixties and his band looks as if they are in their late nineties and the entire movie could visually be used by the Christian Right and the DEA in the same way that those Ohio State Patrol films of the perils of drunk driving were used when I was in high school showing dead teenagers hanging through front windows or dangling from trees or bloody in a ditch. <br /><br />Close your eyes and it is a terrific concert open them and view Dorian Grey's hidden portrait. Case in point the once ethereally beautiful Emmylou Harris literally coming out of the darkness to sing with Neil and from dark to light appearing to be a ring wraith leapt full borne out of the river in front of Rivendale. Ghastly ghostlike a nose that doesn't appear in nature and is not an advertisement for plastic surgery eyes that make buttons on dolls look lifelike and the ability to express any emotion human or not constrained by unrestrained over indulgence in Botox. My mind reeled...porcupine...Peru...Jack Daniels...living hard for decades...my god...sweet Emmylou Harris who I saw sing for free at Fred's in Boulder a face a 2000 year dead Pharoah would not accept. But the voice as pure as a thick lipped bottle of Boulder beer brewed from the waters of Boulder Creek and I closed my eyes and smelled ammmmmbbbererrrrrrrrrgerrrrrrrssss (an homage...one must use homage at least once in any film review...to Fred's hamburgers on Boulder Mall and the Steve Martin Pink Panther movie). <br /><br />It would have been a terrific concert sitting in the dark in Ryman Auditorium maybe twenty rows back. But close up in close ups it was a medieval morality play depicting the horrors of indulgence and the consequences of a sinful life. <br /><br />The concert theme emblazoned on the scenery A Prairie Wind...the last song massed guitars (I counted eight) and I wondered if irony was at play. I don't think so. A Native American bass player a lead guitarist who looked and dressed like Buffalo Bill a piano player whose face looked like the screamer's face in Munch's The Scream the chick singers (actually matronly singers mostly reminding one of the lost youth of senior United flight attendants still plying the friendly skies) dressed in matching full length distressed denim dresses...no it was played straight. <br /><br />None of them had seen I would bet A Mighty Wind. <br /><br />It will be a great CD and would be glad to tell tales of hippy dippy Boulder when Neil was a long haired Canadian crooner whose indecipherable lyrics seemed to mirror heartache and loss feelings as universal then as now. <br /><br />But only in a dark bar.
critique7724 This Drummond entry is lacking in continuity. Most of them have their elements of silliness the postponed wedding and so on. However this has an endless series of events occurring in near darkness as the characters run from one place to another. The house seems more like a city. There's also Leo G. Carrol who is such an obvious suspect who no-one seems to even look at. He is a stranger and acts rather suspicious but Drummond and the folks don't seem to pick up on anything. Still it as reasonably good action and a pretty good ending.<br /><br />I know that Algie is supposed to be a comic figure but like Nigel Bruce in the Rathbone Sherlock Holmes flicks he is so buffoonish that it's hard to imagine anyone with taste or intelligence being around him. Is there a history behind him that will explain how he and Drummond became associates?
critique7725 This should have rocked. VH1 moved away from the traditional divas (Whitney Houston Celine Dion etc.) that had made the 2003 show so stale. Sadly the move backfired. The show had no MC keeping the show together. Queen Latifah did a fantastic show at the 2003 Divas. The show kicked of with a horrific rendition of Lady Marmalade featuring Patti Labelle Cyndi Lauper and Jessica Simpson. Okay in the studio with some control they can all sound great. <br /><br />However when they are competing with each other (why?) it just sounds torturous! Jessica Simpson has the most bizarre facial expressions when she sings that i've ever witnessed! Cyndi Lauper also performed Girl Just Wanna Have Fun. That wasn't as bad but it was hardly impressive. The worst was yet to come! Cyndi and Patti Labelle teamed up to perform Cyndi's hit 'Time After Time'. It was acoustic and didn't fit in with the rest of the show. Still it could've been okay if they both hadn't insisted on squealing like mamed animals. It was just dire.<br /><br />Debbie Harry (from Blondie) is always cool. She has a style of her own and although maybe she can't compete vocally with a many of the divas although she certainly can sing very well. Debbie came out and performed Blondie's #1 hit 'Rapture'. With some lovely vocals. She really hit the notes perfectly. She looked stunning. Rapper Eve provided a new but sadly inferior rap. It was good. Debbie's next performance was a team-up with newcomer Joss Stone. They performed the Blondie hit 'One Way Or Another'. I think Joss misunderstood the style of the song and just shouted over Debbie. A rather sad bit was when Debbie tried and failed to match her shouty style which spoiled it a bit. She should've just let Joss get on with her totally inappropriate warballing. The whole of Blondie performed this track. The final track Debbie performed was Blondie's massive hit 'Call Me'. It was pretty poor. Not Debbie's fault because you just couldn't hear her. The sound was atrocious all the way through the show.<br /><br />Joss Stone also performed a few songs on her own. They were quite well done. Ashanti also showed up to perform two inexplicable cover versions. Firstly she did Diana Ross' 'I'm Coming Out' and then Chaka Khan's 'Ain't Nobody'. She is not a diva! She can sing to an extent but she has no presence whatsoever. Why not just get the real singers in. Chaka was even interviewed on the show....<br /><br />Gladys Knight showed up and did a medley. It was very good. She was probably the best bit of the show. I don't know much about her other than she is a seasoned performer in Las Vegas and her experience and class really shone through. Patti Labelle fitted in another performance this time her 80's hit 'New Attitude'. It was the finale and it was okay but it was too little to late. This was one big dud. Better luck next time VH1.<br /><br />The version I saw was a heavily edited 55min version which was shown on VH1 in the UK. If these were the best bits.....
critique7726 This is kind of a weird movie given that Santa Claus lives on a cloud in outer space and fights against Satan and his minions...but it's still kinda fun.<br /><br />It has some genuine laughs...whether all of them were intentional is certainly debatable though. This movie is not good but I can say I really enjoyed watching it.<br /><br />I would recommend this movie over "Santa Claus Conquers the Martians" "Santa Claus" with Dudley Moore and John Lithgow or "The Santa Clause" with Tim Allen.
critique7727 I actually saw the movie before I read the book. When I saw the movie I was upset because I wondered why Dean Koontz had made such a bad book/movie. The movie was confusing and didn't have a flow at all it was choppy and made me want to throw a rock at the TV. I couldn't connect with the characters at all so i didn't care about what happened to them(normally I love the characters because I can relate to their personality or problems). Then I read the book and loved it. I often re-read the book and the movie is collecting dust. I wish someone would make a Koontz movie that follows the plot of his books then the movies wouldn't suck so much. DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE UNLESS YOU NEED TO WASTE MONEY!
critique7728 (This is a review of the later English release by Disney featuring Alison Lohman Patrick Stewart and co.) <br /><br />I really wanted this film to be good. Really really. I'm a huge fan of Princess Mononoke and Spirited Away and after seeing all the glowing reviews on this earlier Miyazaki film I was eager to see it. But I was shocked shocked I say at the quality of this film. Those later films boast well-crafted plots 3-dimensional characters and the best film music since...well...ever. This film just doesn't come close.<br /><br />Might as well start w/ the positive aspects though. Like all Miyazaki films this one is still very imaginative with a bizarre fantasy/sci-fi setting in a post-apocalyptic world where insects are the dominant species. Nausicaa can also boast some far superior animation to other films from its time. (though not as beautiful and fluid as Miyazaki's later films) And the English voice acting is quite well done.<br /><br />But this film...just...isn't...good... The characters are all cardboard - from saccharine sweet little Nausicaa to the ruthlessly evil Tolmekians to everyone in between. Once you've seen each of them for 30 seconds you've seen all there is. And the fact that the plot just ambles along doesn't help.<br /><br />Then there's the music... Now Hisaichi is hands down my favorite film composer but Nausicaa doesn't do him justice. Half the music is 80's keyboards on overdrive and it usually enters and leaves so abruptly that it distracts the visuals rather than helping them. I highly suspect that Hisaichi was told to compose a lot of the music before he even saw the picture.<br /><br />But wait! There's a great message with this film right?! Let's all save the environment! Too bad that this film hits you over the head with it like a sledgehammer. There is a scene in which Nausicaa hugs a tree. No really. I ain't kidding.<br /><br />It makes me a little sad to talk about how lame this film is. But for some reason all the other reviews on IMDb seem to adore it. And when the characters have to talk to themselves in extended sentences to tell you what's going on that's lame.<br /><br />If you're the kind of person who worships anime enjoys 80's music and plants a tree every Arbor day you will probably like this film. Otherwise save your money for his later films because they rock big time.
critique7729 I commented on this when it first debuted and gave it a "thumbs in the middle" review remarking that I'd give it the benefit of the doubt beyond just the first episode. I've seen a total of six episodes now up to this point in June 2006. And as a lifelong Batman fanatic I can say without hesitation: this show is utter crap.<br /><br />Everything's wrong with it. Everything. Getting past just the lousy animation and design the stories are ridiculously convoluted and with no character development or apparent interest by the writers of this dreck to give any substance to any stories.<br /><br />And for God's sake...is it just me or is the Joker in EVERY EPISODE?? Is Gotham that much of a revolving-door justice system? Or again is it just a complete lack of interest in the writers to put any effort into other villains (see "no character development" above).<br /><br />And to make matters worse every single Joker tale is the same 3-part formula.<br /><br />1) Joker gasses people.<br /><br />2) Joker sets out to gas the whole city.<br /><br />3) Batman saves the day.<br /><br />Pfeh.<br /><br />There was one episode I saw that wasn't a Joker story. The title escapes me but the villain was that nefarious Cluemaster...the "Think Thank Thunk" episode with the quiz show. That was the single-worst Batman story I've ever seen heard or read. Yes worse than "I've Got Batman in My Basement." <br /><br />I can't really say what I feel this show is because it's probably against the ToS but it starts with "B" and rhymes with "fastardization". Thank goodness for the existence of the Timm/Dini/etc. era of Bat-entertainment back from the Fox and Kids WB days. Stuff that good and I should have known this just couldn't possibly have lasted forever unfortunately.
critique7730 This was the second MST3K'd movie I ever saw and still holds a place in my heart as one of the most hilariously awful film experiences you are ever going to have. <br /><br />Miles O'Keeffe (sp?) is in this using his chiseled physique to score another payment on the mortgage on his condominium. He's stiff wooden and unconvincing but he still comes across as a cool likable guy and at least he's photogenic. That's the only decent I can find to say about the movie so I thought I would get it out of the way right up front. The fact that he is in the movie adds another point to the score and saves it from being a "1 out of 10". <br /><br />In no particular order examples of how badly put together this film is:<br /><br />1)OK the Tanya Roberts clone (Mila) quests to 'the ends of the earth' to find Ator which takes 3 minutes of screen time including the time she spends stumbling around dying from a poisoned arrow in her shoulder (which I assume would have slowed her down quite a bit). So Ator heals her up and takes his trusty aid Thong and sets out to go back to the her castle...and proceeds to take the next 50+ minutes of the movie recovering the ground that Mila traversed in 3 minutes. How does that work??? I know that the intrepid crew is being harassed by magical forces and enemies etc. on the way back but still...!<br /><br />2)Apparently the writer/director felt the need to add 'depth' to the film by adding a running debate/Socratic dialog/game of 20 questions between Zor (the mean John Saxon wannabe) and the wise man Akronas (the Richard Harris wannabe). But Joe Damoto apparently got his philosophical training from Hallmark cards T-Shirts and bumper stickers and he doesn't understand tempo pacing or timing...and neither do the actors. (Crow's remark during one of these exchanges is the tag line for my entry). The scenes with these two drag on and on bringing the movie to a screeching halt and killing any momentum or excitement generated by the sword-fighting and questing of the heroic trio.<br /><br />3) Once Ator arrives at the castle (and is captured) things go even farther downhill. Zor decides to feed a bunch of women victims along with Ator and Mila to the Serpent God he keeps in his basement. This scene had some potential for excitement so the director immediately kills this potential by instilling the scene with all the drama of people waiting in line at the DMV to pay their traffic fines. Ator proceeds to have a big battle with the Serpent that is barely more convincing than Bela Lugosi's battle with the rubber octopus puppet in "Bride Of The Monster". <br /><br />4) The climactic scene in which Ator invents the hang glider out of twigs and animal skins is so patently silly that it completely blows the viewer out of the movie and makes you roll on the floor laughing until your sides hurt. <br /><br />5) Oh yes and the filmmakers decided to include stock footage of an atomic explosion at the end with the moral that Ator decided to destroy the 'atomic nucleus' McGuffin that drives the movie because mankind was 'not ready'. ("Zzzzip! MESSAGE COMING IN!!!") Just like "Bride Of the Monster" again come to think of it. All it needed was a bystander to observe "They tampered in God's domain."<br /><br />6) For some reason the version of the movie I saw features introductory and closing homo-erotic credit sequences that have absolutely NOTHING to do with anyone or anything else in the movie. I have no idea where this footage came from but it is actually WORSE than the actual movie it bookends. <br /><br />Watch this only if you are a big fan of Miles or if you enjoy the way MST3K skewers material like this.
critique7731 A stunningly beautiful Charlotte Lewis stars as a woman who is terrorized by a ghosts who torment her on the phone.Driven to the edge in terror Charlotte is forced to confront this chilling mystery in order to save her sanity and her life.I can't believe that Ruggero Deodatothe director behind "Ultimo Mondo Cannibale""Cannibal Holocaust" and "House on the Edge of the Park" directed this absurd piece of trash.Admittedly the music by Goblin front man Claudio Simonetti is pretty goodbut the story is painfully stupid.The script by Franco Ferrini is ridiculous and it makes no sensethe acting is bad and there is absolutely no suspense.The scene in which a prospective rapist of Charlotte Lewis is killed by coins ejected from a subway telephone is more than laughable.Don't waste your time with this piece of crap.There are far better Italian horror movies out there!
critique7732 In 1993 "the visitors" was an enormous hit in France. So the sequence was inevitable and unfortunately this sequence ranks among the worst ones ever made. <br /><br />This is a movie that doesn't keep its promises. Indeed it's supposed to tell a sole story. Jean Reno must go in the twentieth century and take Christian Clavier back in the Middle Ages so that time can normally follow its course. The problem is that Clavier feels completely at ease in the world of the twentieth century and so make him get back in the Middles Ages is rather hard... Instead of this the movie goes on several other stories without succeeding in following the main plot. As a consequence the movie becomes sometimes muddle-headed sometimes a bit of a mess.<br /><br />But the movie also suffers from the performance of nearly all the actors. Reno and Clavier fall into the trap that however they could avoid in the first movie: they're going over the top and become annoying. Then why did Jean-Marie PoirÃƒÂ© the film-maker engage Muriel Robin in the female main role? He made a mistake because she seems ill-at-ease and is absolutely pitiful. The other actors aren't better: Marie-Anne Chazel is nonexistent and Christian Bujeau unbearable.<br /><br /> Of course the movie contains a few good moments with efficient gags but it often falls into vulgarity and easiness. Certain sequences and dialogs are affected. It also appears hollow because PoirÃƒÂ© takes back elements that secured the success of the first movie. Thus a young girl takes Reno for a close relative of her family and asks him to take part in her wedding.<br /><br />A labored and disappointing follow-up. Anyway what's the interest of this movie otherwise commercial?<br /><br />
critique7733 A blatant rip-off of "Air Bud" this movie is REALLY about parents worrying too much about parenting. All the foibles of the characters (eg; adult coaches who dont know the game) are taken to the extreme- so much so that they are totally unbelievable not funny.<br /><br />There is no semblance of reality here folks and you'll not develop sympathy for ANY of the characters.<br /><br />The best thing about the movie is the good looking kits (uniforms) of the opposing team in the first game the dog plays. Perhaps chosen because the setting is supposedly near Arlington Heights IL the home of the Columbus Crew's franchise player Brian McBride.
critique7734 Let me give a quick summery of the film: A rotten rude kid named Max stumbles upon a radio that contains Kazaam: a rapping genie. Like all genies he grants 3 wishes but being good natured also helps Max with his personal life as he has to deal with bullies and a father mixed up in organized crime. During all this Kazaam raps from time to time (also showcasing Shaq's dismal rap skills).<br /><br />This movie proves what we all know: Athletes need to stick to sports. I admit that it never looked like an Oscar-worthy movie but EVERYTHING about this waste of film is horrible. The characters are either unlikable or stupid the plot is not even worth mentioning the dialog is a joke and Shaq is only a quarter of the problem. Hell even if Denzel Washington played Kazaam this movie would still be a joke. I know that the movie only drew ANYBODY was because Shaq was so big (no pun intended) at the time. I honestly cannot think of a single positive thing to say about this waste of time. Shaq should have put the time had used to make this movie toward practicing free throws.
critique7735 Sebastian Cabot is a rich jerk who wants to buy up all the land because there is oil--though none of the locals are aware of the oil. With the help of an evil gunfighter in black they kill and terrorize everyone. When the son of a murdered man arrives he refuses to back down and stands up to these forces of darkness.<br /><br />Wow. As I watched TERROR IN A Texas TOWN I felt as if I'd seen this film many times before and would probably see something like it again. That's because aside from a few novelties (such as Sterling Hayden using a harpoon on the bad guy) it has a plot that is too familiar. Once again we've got a rich guy who is trying to drive out all the farmers in order to gain control of all the land. And to do so he's brought in hired guns to force people to sell or kill them. Been there done that in just too many films.<br /><br />I love Sterling Hayden in films but just couldn't recommend this as anything other than a poor time passer.
critique7736 For the first time in years I've felt the need to log into IMDb today to cleanse myself of this movie by writing a review because it was just such a let-down to watch. The plot sounded awesome when I read it I expected a minimal mystery thriller a claustrophobic phantom hunt. Unfortunately it all gets watered down so bad by a mundane tiring love story and too many contrived and teeth-gnashingly stupid "no-one-says-things-like-this-except-in-bad-movies"-dialogs that it's just agonizing.<br /><br />Here's a quick run down of the worst offenses of this piece of film: <br /><br />- The script relies so heavily on coincidences and the inexplicable and inexcusable stupidity of the main characters that it's just laughable. No actually it's angering. And lazy.<br /><br />- Related to that: Cheap thrills. A long parade "just in time" moments.<br /><br />- The main characters. Alright it seems that the screenwriter has never experienced actual human beings in real life but instead has gained all his knowledge from bad movies. Thus his characters are boring lifeless second generation clichÃƒÂ©s. They are mere plot-devices place-holders without the slightest bit of personality. They are "man and woman in break-up who still love each other". Never seen that one before except in 100000 movies and it's not getting any more realistic or enjoyable. Think of the blandest two-dimensional Hollywood fare and you've got it. There is not one character in this movie that is even remotely fresh charming or interesting.<br /><br />- The far-fetched vague resolution that's swaying very bad and needs just one nudge to topple though the word "resolution" might be ill-fitting here because the movie is a swampy mess that isn't going anywhere anyway. By the time you're through though you don't care anymore. The last third of the movie I just fast-forwarded because it was just so unbearable to watch.<br /><br />Okay that's it. Whatever redeeming features this movie has it all gets buried under incompetence. Don't watch this turd.
critique7737 This is without a shadow of a doubt the absolute worst movie Steven Seagal has ever made. And that says a lot. Don't get fooled by the rating it's way too good. This abomination hadn't even been worthy of a 0/10 rating if such a thing existed. <br /><br />- Absolutely no plot <br /><br />- Worst action scenes ever and there aren't too many of them either <br /><br />- Seagal doesn't do anything himself including the fighting talking (lots of dubbing) and so on. As always. <br /><br />- Seagal is fat lazy and couldn't care less about this movie. Something which is very obvious all the way through<br /><br />Take all the other garbage DTV movies Seagal has made multiply them with each other multiply this with a thousand billions and all the badness you then get won't even describe 1 % of this absolute crapfest.
critique7738 this film really tries to hard. if your going to make a horror film at least give it a reason to believe in to hook the viewer. <br /><br />you wait and wait through the film expecting for some grand explanation but it doesn't. instead it tries to be too clever ending and not revealing anything. <br /><br />what was the point of the movie ? where it's actually going ? and more importantly what the hell was going on . . . <br /><br />why were they there and how does it tie into anything? just another weak sci-fi horror. i love the fake reviews on IMDb saying how great it is by related press releases to bump the movie (either that or people have low horizons). it's not worth your 2hrs at all.<br /><br />i'm not saying the film is better than the fragile but at least that gave you reasoning and why things happened and has an end result. this doesn't and it just waffle's on with tons of padding to make everything feel scary. this film is about as low as when a stranger calls. god that was lame too. <br /><br />big tip if your gonna make a horror make it believable with reasoning and explain to the viewer what's going on so they have a hook into your story. because if there's no reasoning or believability then there's no firm hold on anything and it can't be scary. no disrespect to the cast or crew cause they did a good job. it's just the poor writing.
critique7739 Parts: The Clonus Horror is not that bad of a movie. I have the MST3K version of it on tape and it is hilarious but its still not the worst film the have ever done. I would go so far as to say that it was better than 80% of the movies they have made fun of. The concept could have worked if they had a better script more money and decent actors. It could have become a classic if it was not so boring and had a bit more excitement. Sadly it was botched in production and ended up on MST3K.
critique7740 This is a bit of a first for me the first time I have ever been disappointed in a Tim Burton film. POTA isn't a bad film (great sets costumes and the odd great performance) but it could have been made by any off-the-shelf hollywood director. The pacing was very odd the last third was just spent waiting for the film to end by myself and the cast. Tim Roth was excellent probably the only pleasure in the film. Come back Tim.
critique7741 This is a story of a Jewish dysfunctional family. The parents have divorced and mom remains back east in the house. The father Murray Abromowitz moves with his children to California and moves around Beverly Hills so that his children can get the best education possible.<br /><br />Things really become funny when Marisa Tomei Murray's niece comes to lives with the group.<br /><br />The film deals with the various adventures of the family complicated by the drug scene of the affluent neighborhood.<br /><br />Jessica Walter costars as a woman who wants Murray to move in with her since she wants a companion.<br /><br />Carl Reiner and Rita Moreno come in towards the end. They play Murray's brother and sister-in-law respectively; they're also the parents of Tomei. In front of the children Reiner lets loose reminding Murray that he has been paying the bills for them all along.<br /><br />The film ends on a sour note as the embarrassed family moves out of their fancy digs and take to riding around Beverly Hills in their car. I guess the film is promoting independence and some good old self-esteem.
critique7742 <br /><br />A friend of mine enjoys watching the worst films he can possibly find and I have a good laugh watching them with him.<br /><br />I have told him if he puts this one on again I will be forced to give him a good kicking.<br /><br />He knows I am serious!<br /><br />
critique7743 I could not even bring myself to watch this movie to the end. I cannot comment on the story as I did not watch the whole film and the reason I couldn't watch it was because of the 'actors'. Firstly for the most part they just looked stiff and I'm sure their scripts were in their hands just out of frame - but that's a minor issue. The main issue I have with the actors isn't really their fault... it's whoever cast this film! Come on this movie came out in 2003... I thought that casting people in their late twenties to play teenagers went out of fashion with new wave?! I cannot watch a movie where one of the first lines from a grown man older than myself is "I'm 17!" How can anyone take that seriously????? Don't fall victim to this movie go out for a walk for 90 minutes and you'll get far more than this movie could ever give.
critique7744 Phantasm ....Class. Phantasm II.....awesome. Phantasm III.....erm.....terrible.<br /><br />Even though i would love to stick up for this film i quite simply can't. The movie seems to have "sold out". First bad signs come when the video has trailers for other films at the start (something the others did not). Also too many pointless characters prime examples the kid (who is a crack shot funny initially but soon you want him dead) the woman who uses karate to fight off the balls (erm not gonna work or rather shouldn't) and the blooming zombies (what the hell are they doing there there no link to them in the other Phatasms). Also there is a severe lack of midgets running about.<br /><br />The only good bits are the cracking start and of course Reggie B.<br /><br />(Possible SPOILER coming Up)<br /><br />To me this film seems like a filler between II and IV as extra characters just leave at the end so can continue with main 4 in IV.<br /><br />Overall very VERY disappointing. 3 / 10
critique7745 Strange things happen to Americans Will (Greg Evigan) Maura (Alexandra Paul) and their young daughter Aubrey (Briana Evigan Greg's real life daughter) when they move into a large newly inherited house in Ireland. Crusty corpses are found in the cellar a turkey squirts blood furniture moves and the ghosts of a dead child and a cackling old lady show up to scare the little girl. Paranormal investigators are eventually called in to banish the evil spirits but Maura becomes possessed anyway and chases everyone around with a meat cleaver.<br /><br />This film is full of cliches but there's a standout performance from Alexandra Paul... too bad it doesn't belong in this movie (nor any other I can think of off hand)! She can barely keep a straight face and her over-emoting and hysterical screaming tantrums are a joy to behold. In any case she's a lot more interesting to watch than anything else in this movie.<br /><br />Score: 3 out of 10
critique7746 While watching BLACKWATER VALLEY EXORCISM I encountered scenarios and dialog so incredibly bad that I was convinced that this was supposed to be a comedy. A few choice bits of dialog worthy of a belly laugh: "I ate a rabbit." "I TOLD you she was possessed!" "Are you telling me the Devil is in my daughter?!"<br /><br />There are many many more but you must discover these for yourself - if you dare.<br /><br />The story goes off into all sorts of directions and things happen that probably shouldn't and everyone seems to be a perv or psycho of some sort (even the Priest). And I haven't even gotten to the bad acting. Most notable in this area is the fellow playing Isabelle's father. The director must have just told him to act like he's got a stick up his @$$ because that's the general impression one gets.<br /><br />I don't really want to steer anyone away from BLACKWATER VALLEY EXORCISM because there is entertainment value to be had...for all the wrong reasons but if you're looking for a decent horror movie that makes sense and is actually scary...well run don't walk.
critique7747 I watched about the first 30 - 40 minutes of this movie on television the other night and can agree that this is by far the worst of the series. Not any of it is funny even Randy Quaid can't save this mess. Eric Idle wasn't funny in N.L. Euro. Vacation and he's even worse here. The only funny scene is where they're at the airport and some guy dressed as Santa walks by the camera yelling "Did anybody lose this?" as he holds up a prosthetic leg...<br /><br />1/2 a star out of ****
critique7748 The reason I intended to give this movie a chance to take 2 hours of my life (actually it was only 35 minutes) was my wish to try to understand and hopefully appreciate Indian cinema. All I have ever seen were few older movies of S.Ray.<br /><br />Browsing through IMDb I came across this one and after seeing rating of 8.7 I concluded this must be the one which will open the doors of unknown and bring artistic enjoyment. Oh my how wrong I was! The only logical explanation for this rating of 8.7 is that most of 970 people who voted are Indian and their only venture outside Bolliwood production were Adam Sandler movies.<br /><br />With this rating this movie would be ranked on 9th place on IMDb List of 250 best movies above Citizen Cane Goodfellas of Psycho! I am really not in a mood to review and criticize because there is simply nothing that I find worth remembering from this painful experience. My only hope is that there is a lot of Hindu who like me find this movie as is -- plain stupid with abundance of kitsch and cheesy music.
critique7749 The film-makers went well out of their way to find ONLY the following demographics: Palestinians that have the appearance of peace-loving solution-seeking good will Palestinians (particularly older women and families with children) who are especially inconvenienced by the security fence and Israelis that don't believe in the security fence sympathize heavily with its alleged effect on Palestinians and consider it unnecessarily divisive and/or a waste of money. Oh yes they do put in one member of the Israeli government that does support the fence but they do what they can to portray him as inhumane and uncaring and ask him very leading questions that are really statements (e.g. "The wall is bad for the environment...it is destroying everything").<br /><br />I have no problem with any (well most) of this being presented in the movie. However much I may disagree with the people they interview their opinions are valid enough for a documentary. HOWEVER: there are at least two sides to the issue of Israel's security fence and despite the fact that an overwhelming majority of Israelis (and many others) support the construction of the fence and believe it is having an overall positive influence this "documentary" does not present the opinion of even ONE such person. They even go so far as to interview an Israeli Jew who claims that "all Israelis support the fence" and are thus insane and then stubbornly refuse to interview even one such "crazy" Israeli. Oh and to top all this off they set the tone for the film by interviewing a couple of young Israeli children (truly exceptions to the rule -- I've been there) that are laughing at/about their Arab neighbors from across the fence.<br /><br />A "documentary" is a film that explores an issue and presents a full array of facts opinions and perspectives. Unfortunately this is not a documentary. This is an unabashed PROPAGANDA FILM that very clearly very pointedly offers a battery of support for only one side of a heavily disputed emotionally and politically charged issue. It is no more of a documentary than say Fahrenheit 9/11.
critique7750 I usually enjoy Loretta Young's early movies: her acting back then was light and breezy and she sure knew how to wear clothes. But this one is just a loser from the word go except for a funny supporting turn by Glenda Farrell. Young is a hatcheck girl who talks her writer-husband (Paul Lukas) into becoming a championship bridge player. It's not the most cinematic of games and the long talky middle part in which their marriage falls apart just about kills the film.<br /><br />There's one interesting bit though. As Lukas and Ferdinand Gottschalk start their climactic game a series of quick shots show airplanes trains football games even a diver in mid-air freezing in anticipation of the event. It's the earliest use of a freeze frame I've seen in an American film. Wish the rest of it were that inventive-and funny.
critique7751 Ever since I started visiting this site and voting for movies I have never given any movie a rating of 1. Even the disturbing "Dance! Workout with Barbie" got a 2. There is a reason for this.<br /><br />Any time I find myself watching what I think is a really bad movie I have to stop and ask myself the following question: "Is this movie really as bad as the horrific soul-sucking beast that is 'Theodore Rex'?" And I've never been able to answer "yes".<br /><br />I would give anything within reason to know what crackhead said "Hey! Let's remake 'Blade Runner' with Barney in the Harrison Ford Role!" and decided it was a good idea to actually spend the time and money to commit it to film. Furthermore I want to know what the hell kind of market they were going to sell this towards if it hadn't gone strait to video. This is that rare monster: a movie that is way too violent for kids and way too insanely stupid for adults. I'd ask "what were they THINKING?" but in this case it might actually be redundant.<br /><br />Anyhow all you need to know is that you should only expose yourself to this monstrosity if you're one of the five or six rabid fans of "Howard the Duck" or if you are curious to see the most Evil Insane movie of all time or you want to REALLY punish yourself.
critique7752 As a Genghis Khan "fan" I was looking forward to this movie. After devouring Conn Igguldens epic novels about Genghis and reading up on loads of historic records I feel I know something on the subject and was thrilled to share my knowledge with friends via this movie...<br /><br />That turned out a deception. This movie is practically made up from beginning to end. There are a few things that seem correct but mostly it is pure make believe of the writers. That does not have to be a problem I like good entertainment just like anyone else unfortunately it is mostly boring. Nothing of the greatness comes forth in this movie.<br /><br />I would NOT recommend this movie if you know anything on the subject.
critique7753 First of all f117 is not high tech any more and it is not a fighter aircraft.<br /><br />Secondly the f14's and f18's cannot change their appearances; they are not transformers. <br /><br />Thirdly the f16 has only one m61 cannon not two. <br /><br />Last but not the least at the end of the film Seagle selected sidewinder missile. But somehow when he pulled the trigger the actual missile fired turned out to be a maverick. As I have the experience of seeing f18's and f14's being mysteriously transformed into f16's this small transformation of missiles is not a big surprise to me. However there is still one question I have to ask: How did they manage to use an air to ground missile to shoot down a flying f16...<br /><br />When students hand in really bad work teachers assign 0's. Now I think for the sake of properly marking this film IMDb should seriously consider adding a '0/10' option. Otherwise it is not fair for those who receive 1 out of 10...
critique7754 Wow. That's about as much as I can say right now. Who writes this stuff? Who produces this stuff? What self-respecting actor would agree to 'act' in this stuff? Oh my GOD! I don't know how I made it through this movie but I assume the fact that I had had like 8 cups of coffee that day was the key element in keeping me awake. Good Lord! It was one of the most droned-out and predictable pieces of cinematography I have ever witnessed...and for the record I don't EVER plan to 'witness' it again.<br /><br />I first saw the film when I bought the DVD (MISTAKE #1). I mean...I figured hey! Julia Stiles. I like her. She's cool. I'll watch it as soon as I get home (MISTAKE #2). I tried to watch it without groaning every five minutes wondering when this bunch of crap would come to an end really I did. But I was unsuccessful. It was one of the worst things I had ever seen. I mean...what is with that thing where he imagines what would happen then snaps back into real life? That was annoying enough when the father used to do that in 'Parenthood' like ten years ago. The 'jokes' - and BELIEVE me it takes a LOT out of me to call them that - are stupid the characters are trite and forgettable the storyline is entirely predictable...altogether this makes for a movie that should be WIPED FROM HISTORY RECORDS! I should have figured something was wrong when I realized that I'd never heard of this movie. It was most likely a straight-to-DVD.<br /><br />To anybody who may be thinking of watching this I have one piece of advice. DON'T! For the LOVE of God...DON'T!!! I'm ashamed to have it in my DVD collection and I can't get rid of it...Nobody and I mean NOBODY wants to buy it from me! And I'm talking second-hand and third-hand thrift shops that would buy the mud off your shoes and stick it in the store window. That should let you know just how CRAP it is.
critique7755 Critics have started calling it the Oscar Winner club understandably. What after Halle Berry won it for Monsters Ball then going straight to the diabolical Catwoman. Hilary Swank triumphs in Boys Don't Cry and follows it with The Core. Jamie Foxx takes a nosedive as a pilot in the dull Stealth after scooping a gong for Ray. Now it's seems Hollywood Starlet Charlize Theron craps all over her "Monster" Oscar with this one of the worst Sci-fi spectacles ever made.<br /><br />The film loses its audience interest after a mere 20 minutes meaning the only thing really worth staying for is the fact that despite the film being rubbish Charlize Theron is still an exceptional actress who is clearly making the best of a crude and laughable premise. Not only is ÃƒÂ†on Flux ultimately shallow but for an action flick it's also really very dull. It will only really appeal to comic book fans and Horney teenagers who like the idea of Theron running around half naked for 90 minutes. Flux only really succeed in failing.<br /><br />Set against the 2011 virus that kills 99% of the world's populace and in the last city on Earth Bregna the survivors some four hundred years later in the year 2415 are continuing to live in the Goodchild dynasty the name of the scientist who developed its cure.<br /><br />All is not well in this utopia and it is not what lies beyond its high walls that protects its citizens from the never ending jungle but what unspoken unwritten taboo that holds and binds these unwritten taboo that holds and binds these unfortunates' together that lies within these walls of paranoia conformity and unquestionable obedience. Filmed in and around Berlin ironically this is a story set against a totalitarian state a walled city where its peoples are no longer capable of reproducing and its sinister and most secret plot of how it sustains life.<br /><br />ÃƒÂ†on Flux is the assassin that has been assigned by the underground rebels to change the course of Mankind forever. This is the story of her fight for justice freedom and revenge.<br /><br />ÃƒÂ†on Flux combined lousy narratives ropy pacing and truly dire effects. Looking more like an unrealistic video game rather than a film. The only thing that is fortunate about the failure is that no sequels are in the works Flux might just be the beginning and the end of what could have been one of the worst franchises in history thank god for the lousy box office takings then.<br /><br />My final verdict on this truly lousy feature? There really isn't a story here just Charlize Theron jumping around in a black suit like a grass hopper. The acting is very wooden moronic and emotionless compared to the other cinemas that are out there today. It try's too much to be like an adaption and doesn't really take much from the cartoon which is what I was expecting the only thing that was done half right that pays tribute to the cartoon was the fly in the eye scene. Avoid at all costs.
critique7756 I personally found this movie to be terrible first it was hardly objective and provided one side of the debate. The only people who were presented as the side saying he did exist being a bunch of people coming from a Billy Grahm Revival. Secondly it deviated heavily from its supposed topic did Jesus (Yeshua) exist to talking about how violent Christianity is and showing scenes from Mel Gibsons "The Passion". In the end it has the director con his former Principal of a Conservative Private School into being interviewed and attempts to trap him about teaching the kids there faith. Oh and also the Techno Music just made the film harder to watch.
critique7757 If you like bad movies (and you must to watch this one) here's a good one. Not quite as funny as the first but much lower quality. A must-see for fans of Jack Frost as well as anyone up for a good laugh at the writing.
critique7758 I think the show had a pretty good concept to work with. But the execution was poor. The script is poor and acting is bad. There were many issues that could have been portrayed in a better way like the protest against gay marriage or finding the graveyard. The show can't be properly termed as comedy show as it lacks humor miserably. I should say this show was barely successful in putting the life of Muslim community to some extent.<br /><br />Till now second season is worse than the first one. I had my hopes high regarding this show but I was kind of disappointed. Still I appreciate CBC for putting up such concept in front of the viewers. Anyway I wish best of luck for the future.
critique7759 This film was bad. I believe Elton (or is it Mike) Wong starred in it. Anyway it was the Wong that didn't have that goofy grin and looks meaner. He plays a man who is hit over the head and suffers brain damage. He recovers and gets revenge. Gordon Liu is the only one worth seeing in this film but he doesn't get to do much. But what little he does seems to make the<br /><br />others pale in comparison. Also the film has some cheesy rubber hawk that the Wong guy controls. This film is not worth renting or buying.
critique7760 I appreciate the need to hire unknowns for these kind of 'horror' movies but they should at least hire some proper actors. The sergeant especially is guilty of using his monotone to bulldozer every single line he has. But let's face it the lines aren't really important. There isn't really a recognisable plot so most of the writing involves the words f**k s**t m*****f****r and other assorted bad language in place of proper dialogue.<br /><br />The 'story' as it is is mostly made up of seemingly random gore and death with a couple of cringe-worthy 'surprises' which happen around 10 minutes after you see exactly what's going to happen. Not only this but there are several glaring plot holes and continuity errors (Why are they going in there? Didn't he have a weapon? Wasn't he dead?) so it makes the whole film seem as if it has been cut down by the several hours it would take to fix them.<br /><br />Another film which simply relies on blood and gore instead of any real cinematic experience.
critique7761 The basic premise of "Miami Golem" most definitely deserves a spot in the top say fifty of most demented cinematic plots ever scripted down! I know top 50 doesn't sound too impressive but I've seen a lot of really weird films with lunatic plots. I was prepared from something convoluted because the film was directed and co-written by Alberto De Martino who was one of Italy's most ambitious and creative but sadly underrated film makers. De Martino steals multiple ideas from successful blockbusters like most Italian directors did around that time but he always adds a lot of stuff to make it even more complex confusing and overwhelming. Not all of De Martino's films are worthwhile but some of them are extremely underrated like "A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta" "Holocaust 2000" and "Formula for a Murder". The concept of "Miami Golem" contains elements from numerous great Sci-Fi and adventure flicks (like "Alien" "Starman"  "Close encounters of the Third Kind" "ET" Ã‚Â…) but I wouldn't exactly call it a rip-off. The only thing that is really shamelessly stolen from another film is the opening synthesizer theme song that sounds almost identical to Harold Faltermeyer's Axel F. from "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the film is an amusing hodgepodge of fantasy Sci-Fi action horror and superhero-movie gimmicks. It certainly doesn't always make sense (most of the time it doesn't actually) but "Miami Golem" is undeniably an imaginative and multifaceted film that kept my mate and I fascinated from start to finish.<br /><br />The plot is extremely difficult to briefly summarize but I'll try anyway. Sceptical journalist Craig Milford is reporting the story of a German scientist who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial DNA inside a crashed meteorite and managed to clone it. The DNA cell belongs to an evil alien force that already exterminated another interstellar race in the past and it will unquestionably destroy the whole of mankind as soon as it grows large enough in size. If this isn't problematic enough already the rich Mr. Anderson ordered to steal the slowly growing evil fetus because he thinks that he can manipulate it and use it to obtain world domination. With the help of some good aliens in an earthly disguise Craig Milford has the difficult task of safeguarding the planet from the evil fetus. Okay I know all this sounds grotesque and silly but I assure that "Miami Golem" is in fact a light-headed and easy digestible flick. The first half of the film may come across as overly hectic and confusing because Alberto De Martino attempts to keep the plot secret through the use of preposterous red herrings. There are subliminal ghostly appearances supportive characters behaving exaggeratedly mysterious for no real reason and at a certain point there are even speculations about the lost continent of Atlantis. This is all misleading padding material however and as soon as the set-up is more or less clear "Miami Golem" turns into an ordinary early 80's popcorn action movie with bloody massacres flamboyant chase sequences (in the Florida Everglades!) explosions gratuitous sleaze and nasty little fetus-monsters in jars.<br /><br />Now I really don't want to raise the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost and undeservedly obscure gem of Italian exploitation cinema. Make no mistake this is a pretty bad movie! The events only become endurable if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the plot and if you don't succeed in that well than this is just a non-stop spitfire of negative aspects. The acting performances are painfully awful. Particularly B-movie veteran John Ireland as the archetypal James Bond villainous character doesn't seem the least interested in the script. You can tell from his grimaces and by the way he delivers his lines that he also thinks the whole production is retarded and simply signed up for the paycheck. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy female lust-object ever and the person who drew the marvelously chaotic VHS cover must have felt exactly the same way because the ravishing girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the movie. What an embarrassment this must be for Mrs. Trotter. Still her completely gratuitous nudity sequences compensate for this as she's quite hot from the neck down. And finally there's the unforgettable scene where David Warbeck takes down a helicopter from a moving school bus with a regular pistol! I don't think even John Rambo can do this while he's a beefcake Vietnam veteran and Warbeck's character is a simple TV-reporter.
critique7762 What exactly is the point of pretending to "con" people out of things like ski passes and pizza? I fail to see a point. I'd not clever or original and it strikes me as being extremely pointless. <br /><br />Skyler Stone doesn't seem to be a very down-to-earth or even a nice guy. He has very little charisma and just about anyone could do what he does in this show. <br /><br />The worse thing about this piece of crap is the fact that a lot of the phone calls are reenacted so not only are they apparently conning the poor people on the other end of the phone but they are also conning the audience who don't have enough time to read the "disclaimed" that flickers across the screen for about half a second at the beginning at the end of the show!<br /><br />Not only that but he also claims this is how he lives his whole life. What an lie. No one could live their lives like this and the fact he says this is not only yet another con to get his show watched but it's also one of the most fabricated blatant pieces of bull$hit I've ever heard. This guy is an @$$!<br /><br />What makes them think that going to all the trouble of for example write and record a song get someone to pain a HUGE picture of you and two mates get dance lessons and actually travel to a ski resort is actually worth only getting free ski passes and some food for free? What is the point of that? It's an awful lot of trouble to go to just for a few ski passes and a bit of snow. <br /><br />As far as "comedy" goes this is bottom of the barrel stuff.
critique7763 SKELETON MAN was okay for the first 5 minutes but as soon as the so-called "Special Force Agents" hit the screen it went down hill faster than a fat kid on a sled.<br /><br />The opening makes us think we might have a corny yet fun horror flick on our hands but no...the film makers ruin any hope of that when the "Special Force Agents" show up. I wish the screenwriter took a different route and had the "Skeleton Man" chase down some dim witted teenagers until one of them finally gets the upper hand. Instead the "Skeleton Man" chases down some dim witted "Special Force Agents" and offs them until their Captain finally gets the upper hand.<br /><br />I know the whole "stalking of dim witted teenagers by a killer" thing as been done before but it would of been more suited for a movie like this.<br /><br />When the "Skeleton Man" finally does meet his "so called" demise in a building that blows up the Captain of the "Special Force Agents" is asked the following by a police officer outside of the building: "What the hell happened in there?" My answer to that question: "Who the hell cares?"
critique7764 A truly truly dire Canadian-German co-production the ever-wonderful Rosanna Arquette plays an actress whose teenage daughter redefines the term "problem child" - a few uears prior to the "action" the child murdered her father and mum took the fall for the offspring. Now she's moved up to the Northwest US to start over but her child still has a problem in that she's devoted to her mother. So devoted in fact that she kills anyone who might be seen as a threat to their bond.<br /><br />Unfortunately Mandy Schaeffer (as the daughter) murders more than people - she delivers such a terrible performance that she also wipes out the movie though the incoherent script useless direction and appalling music (check out the saxophone the first time she displays her bikini-clad bod) don't help any; we're supposed to find her sexy and scary but she fails on both counts. Almost completely unalluring and not even bad enough to be amusing (not to mention the fact that Arquette and Schaeffer don't really convince as mother and daughter) all condolences to Miss Arquette and Jurgen Prochnow both of whom are worthy of far more than this and both of whom (particularly Rosanna) are the only sane reasons for anyone to sit through this farrago.<br /><br />One of the production companies is called Quality International Films - not since the three-hour "Love Lies And Murder" (from Two Short Productions) has there been such a "You must be joking" credit.
critique7765 We rented five movies for New Year's Eve weekend and watched this one first. All I can say is that there was no place to go but up after watching this one. It was pointless and vulgar. Harvey Keitel's script must have been easy to write -- just make two out every three words a curse word. Andie McDowell is surprisingly good in a character roll but the movie has nothing else to recommend it.
critique7766 New Orleans is nothing like how it is portrayed in this<br /><br />debacle of a film. Quaid's attempt at speaking with a cajun<br /><br />accent (by the way hardly anyone speaks that way in New<br /><br />Orleans) is terrible. Plot = elementary and mindless. This<br /><br />picture refers to itself as a mystery but a mystery involves a<br /><br />gradual process whereby a viewer is given clues and twists throughout a film. There's none of that here. "Big<br /><br />Easy" tries to get by on trite New Orleans stereotypes. <br /><br />Don't be fooled - the real Big Easy is nothing like the town<br /><br />that Quaid & Barkin bumble their way through.
critique7767 As a young lass beautiful Joan Woodbury (as Rita Adams) was orphaned after her "stool pigeon" father was shot to death. As a young woman Ms. Woodbury finds herself struggling to keep a job as her murdered father's ex-convict status makes Woodbury a bad business risk. Woodbury rooms with understanding songstress Linda Ware (as Donna Andrews) who advises Woodbury to get in touch with old orphanage friends John Archer (as Bob Elliott) and Jack La Rue (as Mickey Roman). But none of her friends can help when Woodbury is the victim of a scam which lands her in prison. Upon release Woodbury decides to give the male mobsters a run for their moneyÃ‚Â… <br /><br />Re-titled "Gangs Inc." this is an obviously weak cheap mobster melodrama. Still it's a lot of fun to watch Woodbury work wonders with inferior material. She plays the innocent growing more sophisticated "Rita" quite convincingly; and she tosses in a great bit as a blonde hooker. Woodbury must be added to the list of unfortunately underutilized Hollywood actresses of the past. "Paper Bullets" also features an early Alan Ladd (as Jimmy Kelly aka Bill Dugan). Ms. Ware who sang the hit "An Apple for the Teacher" with Bing Crosby sings a couple of fair '40s numbers nicely. But mainly it's Woodbury's show.<br /><br />**** Paper Bullets (1941) Phil Rosen ~ Joan Woodbury Linda Ware Alan Ladd
critique7768 I've seen many of Guy Maddin's films and liked most of them but this one literally gave me a headache. John Gurdebeke's editing is way too frenetic and apart from a tour-de-force sequence showing a line of heads snapping to look at one object does nothing but interfere with the actors' ability to communicate with the audience.<br /><br />Another thing I disliked about this film was that it seemed more brutal than Maddin's earlier works--though his films have always had dark elements his sympathy for the characters gave the movies an overriding feeling of humanity. This one seemed more like harshness for harshness' sake.<br /><br />As I'm required to add more lines of text before IMDb will accept my review I will mention that the actor playing "Guy Maddin" does manage to ape his facial expressions pretty well.
critique7769 I just caught this on Showtime...ewwwwwww not even fun in a bad movie kind of way. One of the lamest monster flicks I've ever seen. Plus the TV reporter in the movie was that annoying Jerri from a past season of Survivor. The only amusing thing was that the "secret base" was the house from Fantasy Island (and a million other movies and TV shows; the place is located in the L.A. area). I fully expected Mr Roarke and Tattoo to come out and greet the visitors. If Tattoo had gotten eaten by the snake I might have given this movie a 2 but oh well. Watching people stand there and scream for five minutes while the Komodo or the cobra loomed over them instead of making a run for it was pretty funny especially because you could really tell that they were just screaming at an empty spot where the computer animators would later paint in the monster. I nearly fell out of my chair though when in a flashback scene they brought in either the cobra or the komodo - then normal size - in some indestructible solid steel container with some air holes drilled into it. Wouldn't a wire cage have sufficed? LOL! Guess they couldn't afford to rent a real komodo and cobra. I have to remember I rent Showtime for their series and not their movies.
critique7770 ...but of course I was wrong.<br /><br />Now I never expected to like the first movie. I'm not sure what's up with Disney's marketing group but it seems that every trailer they make for an animated film ends up turning me off as too childish or silly or stupid and yet the movies themselves are usually anything but. And no movie looked worse to me in the trailers than The Emperor's New Groove which is why I was quite surprised to actually find myself quite enjoying that film when I finally broke down and saw it. I entered with zero expectations and came out pleasantly entertained.<br /><br />Despite Disney's track record with direct-to-video sequels I had nonetheless hoped for a better experience with Kronk here... but in the end I was nothing but disappointed (and unfortunately not exactly surprised that I felt that way). There's almost no humor targeted towards adults. The original songs are uninspired and sickly cute. The animation while not bad still doesn't come close to Emperor (which was no Lion King to start with).<br /><br />The main plot as such is astoundingly "minor" and is comprised mainly of a sequence of mini-plot flashbacks - in fact the while thing felt more like a sequence of pilot episodes for a Saturday morning cartoon series than a well conceived single entity.<br /><br />David Spade gets about four lines throughout the entire movie and there isn't exactly a lot of John Goodman either so overall we're just left with far too much of Patrick Warburton's Kronk - who was entertaining as a secondary character in the first movie but is completely inappropriate as the main lead here.<br /><br />Although kids might find it somewhat fun the only thing Kronk's New Groove managed to do for me is make me want to go back and watch the far superior original.
critique7771 As other viewers have mentioned this film was an interesting experiment in photography. The colors are comic book bold. I think the director got carried away with his "artistic vision" over the look of the film instead o badly needed attention to content. Despite its stellar cast the performances are lackluster and the story nearly incoherent. Madonna was likely cast purely as a stunt to get pre-release press. A good thing as her appearance here lent some credence to her album "I'm Breathless (Music inspired by the film Dick Tracy)" which was a stratospheric hit (due in large part to the inclusion of dance-hit "Vogue" - which is not in nor has the slightest relation to this film). I'd guess the major portion of money from this film came from tie-ins to Madonna's "I'm Breathless" album.<br /><br />If you watch it at home by end-titles you'll think "there's two hours out of my life I'd like to have back." Save yourself the wasted time - do not bother with this.
critique7772 America. A land of freedom of hope and of dreams. This is the nation that since its independence has striven to bring democracy prosperity and peace to the entire world for the good of all mankind. There are times however when one cannot help but wish that the American's would just stay on their side of the Atlantic. <br /><br />This 'movie' (and I use that word with some reservations) evokes these feelings with an intense purity. This vision of hell follows the adventures of Calvin a freakish jewel thief who was created by attaching the severed head of Marlon Wayan onto the body of a two foot-high dwarf. After inadvertently dropping a large diamond into the handbag of Vanessa a career-woman who is reluctant to have children Calvin realises that in order to recover the diamond he must ingratiate himself with her. So as any normal man would Calvin dresses himself up as a 2 year-old and parks himself upon the poor woman's doorstep where he is discovered by Darryl the broody husband of Vanessa. <br /><br />Darryl incongruously falls for Calvin's disguise despite the fact that the 'baby' has a full set of teeth stubble a tattoo a knife-scar and the sex-drive of a 16-year-old. Even more absurdly Vanessa doesn't see past Calvin's baby-wear either and actually attempts to breastfeed the diminutive pervert. This wretched assault upon the soul of mankind attempts and fails to find humour in rape scatology sexual assault and paedophilia however in a dishonest attempt to transform itself into a piece of 'family-entertainment' the Wayan brothers stir in a sickening amount of sentiment and flawed morality. <br /><br />The brothers dim attempt a Freudian rehabilitation of their thieving rapist by revealing that he "had a bad father". Repeatedly hitting Darryl in the crotch enables Calvin to develop the loving father-son relationship that both he and Darryl have always wished for. As if this wasn't ridiculous enough Calvin's attempts to sexually assault Vanessa somehow convince her that it is selfish for a woman to indulge herself with a successful career and that instead she should spend her life playing the role of the housebound little-woman who spends her time alternatively squeezing out babies and cooking for her husband. <br /><br />In this movie the Wayan brothers have mixed their crass and twisted form of humour together with the clichÃƒÂ©d sentimentality that has infected much of Hollywood's recent body of work. Additionally they are endemic of the current generation of black comedians who are responsible for transforming African-American humour into a poor and wretched shadow of itself that over-indulges in fart-jokes and crude sexual gags. By rights these two should be legally barred from picking up anything even remotely resembling a camera ever again. <br /><br />Unfortunately the current artistic and moral bankruptcy of American cinema means that by this time next month they will undoubtedly have filmed two sequels and be making millions of dollars from tacky merchandising deals.
critique7773 Why Lori Petty was cast as tank girl I'll never know. Her acting performance is lack-luster. Her voice is grating. It's almost impossible for me to put into words how bad this movie is.<br /><br />There are several "modern-pop" references in the film which I found to be very strange given that the movie was supposed to take place far in the future. It wouldn't have been hard to make this premise interesting either. Some better writing would have helped loads.<br /><br />Naomi Watts makes an appearance in it as a mild mannered techno-geek. I think they should have probably switched roles.<br /><br />I'll never know why anyone would like this movie unless they were a Petty fan.<br /><br />Try not to see this movie. Total waste of time.
critique7774 The female cast of this movie is terrific: you've got Linda Blair (maturing nicely) Julie Strain (who doesn't get too many speaking lines - that's a good thing) Rochelle Swanson (equally convincing as a sweet innocent girl or as an evil possessed girl) Toni Naples and the most beautiful of them all IMO the simply stunning Kristina Ducati (how the goofy male lead Larry Poindexter deserved to get sexually involved with any of these women remains a mystery). However beyond the chance to watch these beautiful and in some cases talented women the movie has little to offer. The plot is disjointed and doesn't really get going until the last 15 minutes or so; and when Wynorski finally manages to create some suspense a ludicrous "twist" ending comes and ruins everything. (*1/2)
critique7775 Eight teen convicts are brought to the abandoned Blackwell Hotel to clean it out as community service. They soon discover that it's the residence of a hulking psychopath (Kane) who has a thing for pulling out and collecting eyeballs. It doesn't help that the guard watching over them (Steven Vidler) has had a previous run-in with the beast four years earlier. <br /><br />A guilty pleasure of mine are slasher films. Most of them are poorly directed and acted but they still hold some appeal and entertainment value. See No Evil is a good example of this. It features atrocious writing and acting but the death scenes are pretty good and the movie proves to be entertaining. The premise sounds like a mixture between Friday the 13th Saw 2 and Halloween: Resurrection. I really liked the idea but it didn't work out too well. It was really just a bunch of clichÃƒÂ©s and everything was predictable. Screenwriter Dan Madigan just focused on the death scenes and nothing else apparently. The death scenes themselves are pretty good and gruesome. Director Gregory Dark did a good job with them and he came up with some creative kills. <br /><br />The acting is pretty bland and unremarkable. This is because all of the characters are one dimensional and we don't know much about them. It was hard to feel for these people because they were pretty unlikable. Kane is surprisingly mediocre. I was expecting his on screen presence to be scarier but he didn't do that good of a job. A second rate Jason Voorhees if you will. The rest of the actors are relatively unknown and this film will probably neither help nor hurt their careers. <br /><br />While the death scenes are gory they aren't necessary scary. There's really no suspense just some gory death scenes. Because of this the movie doesn't hold much of a repeat value. Also if you don't like slasher films then don't waste your time with this one. It will do little to change your opinion. In the end See No Evil is a decent slasher film but it is generic and forgettable so it's not exactly worth watching. Rating 6/10
critique7776 Scarecrow is set in the small American town of Emerald Grove where high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered the local nerdy geek by teachers & fellow students alike. The poor kid suffers daily humiliation bullying teasing & general esteem destroying abuse at the hands of his peers. Unfortunately he doesn't find much support at home since his mom is a slut & after Lester annoys one of her blokes he chases him into a corn field & strangles the poor kid. However something magical happens (no the film doesn't suddenly become good) Lester's spirit gets transfered into the corn fields scarecrow which he then uses as a body to gain revenge on those who tormented him & made his life hell...<br /><br />Co-written co-produced & directed by Emmanuel Itier who according to the IMDb credit list also has a role in the film as someone called Mr. Duforq although I don't remember any character of this name I suppose anyone who ends up looking at the IMDb pages for Scarecrow will probably already be aware of it's terrible reputation & I have to say it pretty much well deserved since it's terrible. The script by Itier Bill Cunningham & Jason White uses the often told story of one of life's losers who gets picked upon & tormented for no good reason getting their revenge by supernatural means in a relatively straight forward teen slasher flick. We've seen it all before we've seen killer scarecrows before we've seen faceless teens being killed off one-by-one before we've seen one of life's losers get his revenge before we've seen wise cracking villains who make jokes as they kill before & we've seen incompetent small town Sheriff's make matters even worse before. The only real question to answer about Scarecrow is whether it's any fun to watch on a dumb teen slasher type level? The answer is a resounding no to be honest. The film has terrible character's awful dialogue an inconsistent & predictable story it has some cheesy one-liners like when the scarecrow kills someone with a shovel he ask's 'can you dig it?' & the so-called twist ending which is geared towards leaving things open for a sequel is just lame. The film moves along at a reasonable pace but it isn't that exciting & the kills are forgettable. You know I'm still trying to work out how someone can be stabbed & killed with a stick of corn...<br /><br />Director Itier doesn't do a particularly good job here the kill scenes are poorly handled with no build up whatsoever which means there's never any tension as within two seconds of a character being introduced they are killed off. Also I'm not happy with the killer scarecrow dude doing all these back-flips & somersaults through the air in scenes which feel like they belong in The Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu flick! To give it some credit the actual scarecrow mask looks really good & he looks pretty cool but he is given little to do except spout bad one-liners & twirl around a bit. Don't you think that being tied to a wooden stake in the middle of a corn filed all day would have been boring? I know he's a killer scarecrow but I still say he would have been bored just hanging around on a wooden stick all day! There's no nudity & the gore isn't anything to write home about there's a decapitation someones face is burnt someone is killed with a stick of corn someone gets a shovel stuck in their throat some sickles are stuck in people's heads someone has their heart ripped out & someone has a metal thing stuck through the back of their head which comes out of their mouth.<br /><br />With a supposed budget of about $250000 this was apparently shot in 8 days well at least they didn't waste any time on unimportant things like story & character development. Technically this is pretty much point shoot & hope for the best stuff. If you look at the guy on the floor who has just had his heart ripped out you can clearly see him still breathing... The acting sucks the guy who played Lester's mum's bloke is wearing the most stupid looking wig & fake moustache ever because he played two roles in the film & the makers needed to disguise him but they just ended up making him look ridiculous & don't get me started on his accent...<br /><br />Scarecrow has a few fun moments & the actual scarecrow himself is a nice creation with good special make-up effects but as a whole the film is poorly made badly acted silly too predictable & very cheesy. If you want to see a great killer scarecrow flick then check out Scarecrows (1988). Not to be confused with the Gene Hackman & Al Pacino film Scarecrow (1973) or the upcoming horror flick Scarecrow (2008) which is currently in production. Scarecrow proved popular enough on home video to spawn two more straight to video sequels Scarecrow Slayer (2003) & Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
critique7777 Okay so someone somewhere a few years ago thought it would be a good idea to make a 3D IMAX movie about some flies stowing away aboard the Apollo 11 and going to the moon. So they did. Someone somewhere was an idiot.<br /><br />I want to give the artists props for doing their homework on the hardware. As far as I can tell the rockets and the launch hardware were bang on. The graphics in general were pretty good - the rocket launch gave me chills like a good rocket launch always does (my Popular Mechanics flying-car gearhead blood still runs strong) and the 3D was pretty effective. The CG wasn't Pixar-quality but it was generally good. The flies were kinda mediocre anthropomorphics with some half-assed late-60s characters thrown in for colour (hippie flies African-American flies with giant afros and black shades etc.) and the maggots looked more like grubs with human baby heads (although they made suitably gross squelching noises).<br /><br />The scriptwriters certainly did not do their homework relying on offensive and outdated clichÃƒÂ©s (60s gender politics including mostly-useless female characters racial stereotypes evil Russians a fat fly who only wants to eat grade-two level gross-out humour). In a movie aimed for IMAX they blew a wonderful opportunity to sneak in some educational content about physics and space travel - they didn't get their physics right (zero-g in the Lunar Module during landing burn? PLEASE.) They couldn't even be bothered to read the original radio transcripts between Houston and the astronauts all of which is in the public domain; instead they wrote their own dialogue which sounds like crap.<br /><br />But we liked the maggots.<br /><br />So they get a point and a half for rockets and maggots. Uh yay. 1.5/5.
critique7778 This is a polarising film. People either love it or despise it it seems. Me I despise it. The film comes from the same context as Lindsay Anderson's Oh Lucky Man but while that is a masterpiece this is just horrible.<br /><br />Both films take Kafka's unfinished novel - America for their inspiration and general ideal. America is a surreal story of a youth's travels through the country. Kafka uses the this character as a pure observer one who does not change over the course of the journey (although the book is about 300 pages and still seems only a quarter finished so we'll never know). Allowing Kafka to concentrate and comment on the absurd/surreal situations and surroundings. Oh Lucky Man follows this same template to show Britain through the eyes of Malcolm McDowell and Weekend does the same for France.<br /><br />Both films are also hugely Brechtian using various tricks and techniques to point up the fact that this is NOT REAL this is confabulation etc. But the difference comes where Oh Lucky Man uses the constructed film to convey the absurdity of life and the class system Weekend uses the constructed film to bludgeon us to death with ideological polemic. Because Godard goes further than Anderson in his Brechtian principles we end up with two principle characters in which we have no investment at all. We're forced to spend 90 minutes with them yet we couldn't care less about them. Deliberately so. But in doing this Godard leaves us with a film that is entirely about his own message which in the first half of the film is provided through relentless and overbearing symbolism and in the second half through a series of long speeches directed to camera. Combined with unpleasant and unnecessary scenes such as the really horrible pig slaying far worse than any of the off camera violence of the car crashes.<br /><br />The end result is like listening to a student political apparatchik droning on and on and on about his views whilst repeatedly kicking you in the head so that you get the message. The problem with Brecht is if you alienate the audience too much then you've alienated them from what you are trying to convey. Which always seemed self evident to me.<br /><br />The parts that really stick in the craw for this movie though is the contrast between the extremely sexually explicit verbal description of the threesome at the start and the off-screen comical rape in the middle which even if it could be viewed as allegorical completely destroys the film's faith in itself and it's characters what little of it existed in the first place. It's so French with a capital F it hurts.<br /><br />Watch Oh Lucky Man instead. That is a work of genius. Weekend is a work of pretension.<br /><br />Two stars and only for the traffic jam scene and the piano scene which are just hints at genius although they actually make the end result more frustrating and unsatisfying as without them this is a bad film by the worst most pretentious director in the world with them well it's obvious that this is a damn good technical director making the most intellectually pretentious film in the world. Somehow that's far worse.
critique7779 The premise of the movie has been explained and if you've gotten this far you don't me to pretend that I'm a movie critic. With that being said my own opinion of the movie is quite low. I'm a fan of Takashi Miike but this goes down in the category of his not so great work along with DOA 2 and 3 and some others (many).<br /><br />The movie seems to get a free pass because it is a Takashi film and nothing Takashi does can be wrong. This is a highschoolers approach to cinema. For the rest of us we'll find and hour and a half of a kid screaming for no real reason completely annoying (and yes this does take away from the film) the pace of the film almost reaching levels of rigomortis and the acting...well...hmmm. <br /><br />If one is a Takashi fan you'll see it regardless to peak your interests. It lacks any originality (see the Neverending Story) or any character development from the lead character in the face of conflict other then a quite superficial one. <br /><br />As it has been pointed out this is the first film Miike has been credited with co-writing but that doesn't mean much as non of what we'd hope would be Miike's personality would spill over into the screen. All we get are some of the token Miike shots vis the director of photography.<br /><br />The movie had the potential to be something great. The premise is not a difficult one to run wild with. But this one seemed to have been run into the ground.<br /><br />My suggestion is if you're just getting into Miike is go with some of the standards like Gozu Ichi and Audition. Then movie into his works like Blue's Harp Fudoh Rainy Dog Bird People of China.
critique7780 MY EYES! IN THE NAME OF GOD AND ALL THAT IS HOLY MAKE ME UNSEE THIS MOVIE! what drugs are you people on! this could very well be the worst movie ever! i felt like i was on a bad acid trip the whole time i need to call a therapist to help me deal with the trauma of this epic disaster. From start to finish glow ropes is an unholy masterpiece of satanic cinema. when i thought to watch this movie with my Jewish best friend and his family we thought "oh hey this may be funny! it will probably be bad but still a little funny" how wrong we were we were not prepared for how awful this movie could be. All of my friends lined up for lobotomies as soon as the film was over and during the course of the movie one of my friends attempted to hang himself with his belt while another tried to slit his wrists with a wooden spoon. I wish I had watched the video from The Ring instead that way the pain and suffering would be over in only seven short days. For all who wish to see this movie YOU ARE NOT PREPARED! you may think you are some sort of "tough guy" by renting this but this movie will break you push you to the ground and urinate on you.
critique7781 I give this movie a ONE for it is truly an awful movie. Sound track of the DVD is so bad it actually hurts my ear. But the vision no matter how disjointed does show something really fancy in the Italian society. I will not go into detail what actually was so shocking  but the various incidents are absolutely abnormal. So for the kink value i give it one.Otherwise the video photography acting of the adults actors /actresses are simply substandard a practical jock to people who love foreign movies.Roberto the main character has full spectrum of emotions but exaggerated to the point of being unbelievable.however the children in the movie are mostly 3/4 years old and they are genuine and the movie provides glimpse of the Italian life..
critique7782 This movie could have been an impressing epic but the makers seem to have done their utmost to make it appear foolish. Even God Himself is not spared in this movie in that His words are drenched with childish jokes. The result is blasphemous and annoying. Only people who don't care to see a cheap parody on the biblical story may perhaps watch this film without embarrassment. The makers of this tasteless production should see 'Il Vangelo secondo Matteo' (The Gospel according to Mathew) a film of Pier Paolo Pasolini who shows that it is unnecessary to pervert the words of the Bible to make a good story; the most impressing result is obtained by a sincere rendering of the plain text itself.
critique7783 I wasn't sure how to rate this movie since it was so bad it was actually very funny. I'm not a Gackt fan by any means though he is talented despite the weird pseudonym that sounds like a cat coughing up a hairball. I always thought Hyde was talented though Faith is an interesting album.<br /><br />But on topic here folks. This movie is ridiculous. It's so over the top and nonsensical it's almost like a parody of supernatural action films.<br /><br />The movie has almost no plot here except it's just about vampires with gangster friends. In a way this film almost reminded me of Spider-Man 3 with how there were too many ideas which resulted in not enough time to pay attention on one of them.<br /><br />The action scenes were laughable. Quickly edited almost hard to understand with choreography that's so laughably bad. Though Hyde looked very stylish during the action scenes but that's this film's only such redemption. I'm a sucker for good action movies but the action was horribly done. Though the final shootout was OK and the highlight of this otherwise depressing movie.<br /><br />It keeps jumping between genres not a good thing. It wants to be a drama or an action flick or a horror or a romance... what the hell.<br /><br />If this review is making you mad why? Is it because Gackt and Hyde are your love? Don't fool yourself this MOVIE IS BAD.
critique7784 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique7785 This isn't a dreadful film merely insipid. The plot is deeply flawed and implausible. It tries to be a number of genres and fails at each. It fails as a comedy as a suspense thriller and as a horror movie. It almost succeeds as science fiction. The direction is uninspired and Katie Holmes cute cherub face that she is should be modeling teen clothing not acting. The only thing that keeps this movie from being a 1 out of 10 is Helen Mirren. Her performance is fabulously nefarious and is (almost) worth suffering through the rest of it. Her ability to transmute from imperious to faux sympathetic to deviously manipulate and control her prey shows masterful range. Other than Marissa Coughlin's delightful Exorcist rendition Mirren is the only reason to see this movie. A solid 3.0.
critique7786 I must first mention that as a group of mates we often find entertainment in wacthing films which are known to be terrible for comedy value hence our rental of Camp Blood.<br /><br />Camp Blood was the first film which we'd rented that had been shot on what looks to be a camcorder and was so rubbish it wans't even funny.<br /><br />The DVD was returned and a refund was demanded with the added suggestion some sort of quality control is implemented to prevent such utter rubbish being stocked.<br /><br />Don't do what I did and let the curiosity get the better of you it's so bad it's not even funny.
critique7787 The effect achieved in this story about a psychiatrist who becomes involved with con artists is so mannered that I have to assume that that was the desired intent. The sets are artificial and at no time did I not feel that I was watching a movie. It seemed like the actors were just reading their lines rather than responding to one another. While the film has elements of early film noir (except that it is in color) the approach is so exaggerated that I almost have to conclude that it is a parody of the genre.<br /><br />Given that the presentation had no appeal to me I was at least expecting an engaging story. Usually I am pretty slow on the uptake when it comes to stories with plot twists but you could see what was coming here within the first fifteen minutes. By the time of the "Gee I forgot the $80000" moment I thought to myself that this thing is truly ridiculous. For a psychiatrist with stated experience in gambling addictions to behave so stupidly is beyond belief. If at any stage she had behaved like a normal intelligent person the whole story would have fallen apart.<br /><br />This wooden production left me cold.
critique7788 The case is the best part of the movie but it alone is not worth the purchase price. I expected a "Based on the true story" movie only to find a shot on home video hodge-podge of poorly shot clips tied together with pathetic acting and non-related slaughter house scenes. The video scenes had numerous rewind situations which were used probably to extend the length of the feature rather than for effects. I started this review before I was even halfway through the movie and waited till it was over just in case it had a better ending but low and behold it only got worse. If I could mark it any lower it would have been a negative ten. Learn from my mistake and save your money and time with this one.
critique7789 I first heard of this movie at the "Flashback Weekend" in Chicago 2007 for the "Nightmare on Elm Street". Robert Englund was really talking the movie up and he was great in his part of "Hatchet". The same can be said for Tony Todd. Knowing this is a low budget first time director / writer it delivers every bit as much as the big budget and also cameo laden "Holloween" (2007) remake/re-imagining.<br /><br />Technically it falls short in a couple of places. The alligator attack seen was shoot too dark. When it happened the dark head of the alligator against the swamp clamping on to the black pants became almost invisible. The mood music in the swamp scenes was too loud in volume and canned like a bad sitcom. And just like "Holloween" (2007) someone is smart enough to have a gun but of course shooting the killer is only a pause button for the killer. The ending well as soon as I saw where it was going I knew what was going to happen not very original.<br /><br />The highlights of the movie are the characters and their interactions. Unlike "Holloween" (2007) we got to meet the people and care what happened to them. Ben (Joel Moore who is also the lead of "Spiral")the sulking lead and Marcus ("Not Another Teen Movie")as the best friend and funny man to root for during the movie. Shapiro (Joel Murry "Dharma & Greg") Jenna (Joleigh Fioreavanti) and Misty (Mercedes McNab of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer: The Series" "Angel: The Series" and "The Addams Family" movies) give a convoluted reason for topless women. Mr. and Mrs. Permatteo played by television regulars (Richard Riehle "Grounded for Life" Patrika Darbo "Step by Step")as the older couple that you know don't stand a chance even the tour guide Shawn (Parry Shen) is a fleshed out character. I hope to see more from all involved in this film but I think it will play better on home video than in the theater sorry.
critique7790 I agree that Mary Woronov (Murdoch's secretary) is one of the only good things about this film. She is my favorite actress ever every role she plays is always done so well. Her character is sly sarcastic clever light hearted funny and cunning. She really pulls this role off well and you get a good feel for what her character is all about. <br /><br />The rest of the movie is pretty bad. The music is the most entertaining thing left. One of the characters has this really strange circular radio that she brings with her while she wears her tight zebra striped tank top.<br /><br />One thing that was a little intriguing about the story was the idea that someone hires these three college-aged kids to spruce up an old abandoned theater. He gives them the keys and says - go at it. That would be really fun and I wish someone would give me that chance! Imagine going into an old abandoned theater with two other people and you get to decide how to decorate it and fix it up. You have total control over the whole building. That would be so fun! Unfortunately the characters do not think of this as an exciting adventure they think of it as a big chore. They walk around with long faces and fight with each other the whole time. It's kind of a bummer. But it's fun to think about the possibilities that these people aren't even excited about.<br /><br />The movie does a pretty good job at making you feel helpless or a little spooked out by the theater itself. However the acting (besides Woronov.. and possibly Murdoch the boss - just because makes a really good money hungry fake smiley business man who never has any luck) is really horrible and you just end up feeling unsatisfied. Plus the random slapstick is a little tacky and kind of ruins the reality that the film tries to create.<br /><br />Watch this if you dig Mary Woronov funky 80's Casio keyboard style electronic beats and if you think having a giant spooky abandoned theater to yourself is at all intriguing.
critique7791 My children watch the show everyday that its on. Its a great program for younger children. However they need to stop showing re-runs and do some more actual shows and get rid of Rooney's and Deedee's YELLOW TEETH. Moe is the only Doodle bop with clean white pearlie teeth and the children notice these things and ask if the 2 don't ever brush their teeth? Does the show ever make its way to the United States and if so where can we find its schedule at. And one other thing if we might be able to add. Moe you need to stop hiding so much. Sometimes when you pop up out of no where you scare the younger children and whats with the pulling of the rope? What does that signify? other then getting wet all the time. They need to add newer things to their show instead of the same ole same ole. Kids loose interest that way.
critique7792 What a waste of energy and money. What a waste of what talent there was.<br /><br />Emilio Estevez was completely wasted and mostly unused throughout. Jon Lovitz was very mildly amusing but pointless. Harry Dean Stanton - why bother? And was it just me or can Kari Wuhrer barely act in this one.<br /><br />The story was pretty non-existent and really disjointed. One of my biggest problems was the reaction of the characters to the events that transpired. Like the surf "dudes" giving up their lives every time they were threatened in the last half? How about that you NEVER saw them surf once!! The set-up to some scenes took way to long with not enough pay-off to make us give a damn. Nothing in this "movie" felt really true or genuine.<br /><br />The only good things I can say is some (very little) of the scenery was filmed nicely and a few scenes were mildly interesting. Don't see this when there is so many better pointless movies out there.
critique7793 I remember watching ATTACK when it first came out and caught it again recently. The sci fi channel has run worse but not by much. A shameless ripoff of Jurassic Park ATTACK substitutes sabertooth cats for dinosaurs. And they are on the loose devouring as many extras as possible. The CGI is pretty bad and closeups of prosthetic cat heads are laughable. We get some gore which helps a little. Wait until you see how the mad scientist who started this whole mess gets it. Other than Robert Carradine who has very little to do the cast is unknown. Apparently this was shot in Fiji. Nice work if you can get it. Reminds me of all those low-budget monster STVs that were popular in the 80s and 90s.
critique7794 You have to hand it to writer-director John Hughes. With enormous success behind him in the misfit-teenager/high school vein he managed to branch out into other areas of comedy finding in the bargain a great ally in comedian-actor John Candy. Here goof-off adult Candy becomes a better person after agreeing to babysit his brother's wiseacre kids; it's a surefire formula designed to please both cynical teens as well as their parents and it isn't any wonder the film was a winner with theater audiences. Still Hughes relies almost completely on Candy's charm to put the scenario over and one may eventually grow tired of the repetitious gags with the star front and center. The kids are sitcom-smart the other adults shapeless blobs and Amy Madigan is too intense too hyped-up playing Uncle Buck's girlfriend. Later became a TV series which is befitting since the material was already television-perfected. *1/2 from ****
critique7795 Horror movies can be a lot of fun with low budgets bad acting and a bit of panache. I think the film is just missing panache because one thuddingly dull scene after another people make laughably harmless claw-handed grabs at the air. If it weren't so boring it might be funny.<br /><br />A horror film can go a long way with a tired concept like "college kids in a haunted house" in much the same way the Evil Dead movies had a lot of fun with a similar standard plotline. Hallow's End unfortunately doesn't go a long way. Actually it doesn't go anywhere. It spends the better part of an hour setting up faceless and anonymous characters with what seem like endless interpersonal drama. I have nothing against character development not even in a horror movie but these are strictly one-dimensional characters (the alpha-male the milquetoast the... um... throwaway characters that exist mostly for sex scenes.) Spending forty-plus bloodless droning minutes with them was more horrific than when the bloodshed started.<br /><br />Well implied bloodshed anyway. When the college kids turn into whatever they dressed as for their haunted house (one's a vampire one's wearing O.R. scrubs and some white pancake) they look pretty much the way they did in their amateur haunted house costumes; The Dead Hate The Living using a similar theme is a masterwork in comparison. There isn't really any gore to speak of nor are there any real scares.<br /><br />I've thought about this one from almost every approach. If it was supposed to be a tight suspenseful horror movie (which would explain why things moved so slowly) the pathetic sex scenes and cheap monsters would invalidate it. If it was supposed to be a genuine blood & guts horror movie (which would explain the schlock)... where's the blood and guts? And the anticlimax is one of the unexciting endings to a movie I've ever seen. It's the kind of movie that though it doesn't have a narrator through the film is bookended by voice-overs because all of the meaningless dialogue just wasn't enough.<br /><br />This was a hard one... coming out of it I wonder if I've just sat through a christian horror film. Maybe the "I know hell exists" of the opening wasn't meant that way but there are some hints (or misdirection-- I'm not sure which). For all the profanity in the film a line like "gosh-darnit" comes off a little absurd and so does most of the crucifix worshipping god-fearing and satan-dreading especially after some lecherous T&A sex scenes (one heterosexual one lesbian).<br /><br />If it a christian company (Highland Myst's logo even has a bit of a crucifix resemblance) then this film weighs in heavily for the atheist camp. An omnipotent being can't be this bad a filmmaker.<br /><br />
critique7796 You cannot deny that we have an affinity for speed. That's why movies like Fast and the Furious Dhoom Rempit get made to play to the satisfaction of audiences especially local ones. We live on a tiny island and I cannot fathom why for the relative efficiency of the public transportation system most of us want to get into debt by owning a set of wheels which come with 100% tax when they reach our shores and the myriad of taxes and bills to pay when operating one. Not only that the high end sports cars were once quipped by a prominent politician up north that they will never reach fourth gear lest they reach the sea.<br /><br />And these movies are relatively easy to make. Hot wheels and hot chicks always go down well together in targeting the required demographic. For once those plunging necklines exposing uncanny buxom and short skirts accentuating legs two meters long can't compete with the attention given to those beautiful curves that exotic cars possess in movies such as these. Of course there are amongst us (ahem) those that go for the sexists portrayal of women as mere sexual objects (otherwise explain why motor shows come with truckloads of models and movies such as these cannot do without a leggy model in a frame) however they don't warrant the kind of collective orgasmic sighs whenever the four wheelers come on screen even when they do exactly nothing and have their gears into Park. The guy sitting beside me I swear he wet his pants every time his dream car(s) appear and creamed his pants even more when he hears those growling engine moans.<br /><br />So there we have it the fan boys who turned up in droves just to watch which of the latest cool cars get featured in the movie. With the Fast and the Furious franchise the Japanese models like the Evos and the Skylines take centerstage as does the GT. Here the Ford GT takes on an incredibly drool-worthy facade modification that even I'm impressed alongside the latest models like the Ferrari Enzos Porshe Carerra GTs Koenigsegg CCXs and every car out there that has wings for doors. But seriously my heart goes out to the cars each time they're mercilessly wrecked just for entertainment. I mean this are perfectly fine high performance models that are at the apex of motoring but yet because whoever financed the movie had millions to blow they do so because they can<br /><br />There's no story in Redline just excuses to put together a movie full of beauties (the cars that is) that can rip down the tarmac in probably the most boring fashion possible and with the usual shots of pedals (always the accelerator mind you tapping the brake pedal is tantamount to blasphemy and earn you no respect) steering wheels gear shifts (always shifting up and not down) all these while having the actors make pretend that they're the baddest asses with an engine snarling and giving each other dirty looks. Not a very tall order for an actor and that's why we get the most woeful performances ever with lines that seem to be written by elementary schoolkids.<br /><br />The heroine (yes it made a statement that girls can drive) Natasha (a very plasticky looking Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those million dollar finds - a girl with model looks who don't mind getting down on fours and immersed in oil who has racing pedigree within her and performs with a rock band singing songs with lyrics that are just plain laughable (every line had to do with cars and when singing about love just had to string those innuendos like shifting gear shafts lubricants and going for rides). Introduced against her wishes to illegal racing by a gangsta called Infamous (Eddie Griffin) she gets drawn into family squabbles involving a Leo DiCaprio lookalike Iraq war veteran and some sleazy lecherous looking rich uncle. Everything else well like I said just serves as an excuse for the movie to go from race to race.<br /><br />And it's almost always the same as there's very limited to what you can do to heighten tension between race cars especially when you know the race is rigged (for narrative reasons) and can see the race outcome a mile away from the finishing line. While Fast and Furious had quite charismatic actors and I will put my head on the chopping block by naming Paul Walker Sun Kang and of course the star it created - Vin Diesel Redline had none just pretty faces with lots of air unfortunately. It looks like a TV movie in its treatment from the get go with a very insipid opening sequence where it's one man one car and a 105 minutes race against time to get to Vegas.<br /><br />If not for the cars then this movie seriously is a piece of junk with bad acting bad lines and bad action. Strictly for the car fans or those who like their movies with countless of bevy beauties who pimp their bodies without any speaking lines.
critique7797 What a complete piece of trash. Plot notwithstanding when a movie's action revolves around airplanes you'd think the writers/producers/director (or ANYONE!) would do a little bit of homework as to at least a FEW of the details. The mistakes were so glaring that I was fuming by the end of the movie. Here are just a few: I'm glad I missed the SR-71 sequence - certain to have been worse than the "Air Force One" F-117 spectacle. Commercial airlines usually have their logos painted on the aircraft rather than BOEING 747 Ã‚Â– likely the (cheap) use of some Boeing advertising/publicity footage by the director. Exposed wiring connected by wire nuts is mediocre at best for house wiring much less multi-million dollar aircraft avionics wiring. Airplanes like the 747 rely on pressure alone rather than ship's supply oxygen to maintain breathable air and if they did rely on an on-board supply the canister would be far bigger than fist sized. Medical tape is not a suitable substitute for a threaded hose connection. Those were F-16s NOT F-15s. Mach 1+ (speed of sound) would be difficult to attain on a static engine run up for takeoff (watch the airspeed indicator). "Standard formation" is simply keeping the formation inside one nautical mile "route" formation is what they were flying - not the most useful formation for an intercept. "Acquiring missile lock" is not likely to get an airline pilot's attention - they have no radar detection or countermeasures. "Wait for my signal" is not inter-flight communication for preparing to fire anything. Depressurization from a door opening in flight is not grounds for an immediate steep left bank. Yelling into a headset does not make it transmit. Magnetic headings are given as "headings" not "bearings" and headings are between 001 and 360 degrees (compasses in the air are just like compasses on the ground!) so turning left (not "port" Ã‚Â– that's a boat thing) from a "bearing" of 618 to 502 is just stupid. It is in most cases impossible to just "turn the yoke left until the correct heading is reached" Ã‚Â– that sort of thing will result in 360 degree rolls until the yoke is centered again. The likelihood of a flight attendant immediately finding and successfully engaging the autopilot is only slightly greater than the likelihood of her actually landing the jet safely. Airplanes don't stall immediately upon pulling the throttle back and 747s have more than one little lever to control the multi-engine thrust. Flaps are lowered in increments usually just prior to and immediately following landing gear extension not seconds before landing (good way to crash). Wheel brakes are required to stop an airplane simply pulling the throttle(s) (this time a different lever in the movie) to idle will just allow you to go off the end of the runway at a slower speed. Did I mention that those fighter aircraft were F-16s and NOT F-15s? Guess I didÃ‚Â… And that's just what I REMEMBER from recently watching this horrific movie.
critique7798 The biggest problem with "In Search of Historic Jesus" is that there is very little search to it at all. Shick-Sunn produced these "documentary" films in the 1970s and just into the '80s which featured interviews with "experts" and discussion of "science" and "facts" to make a case for whatever the title of the film was looking to cash in on.<br /><br />Sadly "Historic Jesus" is really little more than a third-rate dramatization of the life of Christ. Unlike Shick-Sunn's more superior "In Search of Noah's Ark" which spends the majority of its running time discussing the possibility that the ark is resting on the earth today and where that might be this film is basically the story of Jesus with no effort made to prove or disprove his existence. The famed Shroud of Turrin is mentioned but little other detective work is given much screen time.<br /><br />For fans of these quasi-documentary films like "Jupiter Menace" and "In Search of Bigfoot" etc. this movie doesn't offer much.
critique7799 Like many western Pennsylvania history buffs I had been really looking forward to this much-heralded PBS program that was produced by Pittsburgh's WQED. However I must say now that I was somewhat disappointed. On the positive side I believe that overall this film did a fair job of explaining the main issues and describing the events of the so-called French and Indian War. In particular its presentation of the Indians' point of view was somewhat new and quite interesting although it certainly was at time over-emphasized. Also on the positive side the blend of narrative and action scenes was well done and came across somewhat better than many of these typical documentaries made up of "experts" interviews and picture stills (a la Ken Burns). On the negative side many of the battles did have a somewhat "staged" look and many important aspects of the war were overlooked. Most of all I was very disappointed and frustrated by how little importance was given to Forbes's successful campaign of 1758 against Fort Duquesne as compared to the earlier failures of 1754 by Washington and 1755 by Braddock. In particular I was somewhat incredulous that there was NO mention of Colonel Henry Bouquet the Swiss mercenary in the British service who was most responsible for Forbes' success. Finally I could not believe the complete omission of the 1763 Battle of Bushy Run that started as a re-run of Braddock's defeat but ended up as the victory that decided the outcome of Pontiac's War thanks to the wiles of the same Colonel Bouquet who certainly must rank as one of the most successful British commanders of this war.
critique7800 After mob boss Vic Moretti (late great Anthony Franciosa) kills his lady whom has been cheating on him with Derek their new chauffeur/ Vietnam vet and blames it on the poor guy Derek finds himself in jail where he has to contend with a corrupt warden Vic's prisoner brother who runs the jail and oh yeah illegal experiments conducted by a shady CIA agent (great genre-mainstay and first time director John Saxon) to turn various prisoners into super-human invincible zombies. Of course things get out of hand and it's up to Derek and the rest of the unchanged prisoners to save the day after the infected ones take the jail over.<br /><br />John Saxon is a great talented actor & as a director Saxon is a... great talented actor. To say this movie (John's sole directorial outing to date) lacks a certain visual flair would be a bit of an understatement. However the film isn't totally without merit. The dialog while idiotic is just bad enough to be humorous sometimes. Sadly this isn't really enough for the movie to coast by on that alone and it takes forever for the film to even start coming into it's own (which is fairly late in the movie). As such the most I can recommend this film is to say that if you're a fan of Saxon (which I indeed am) it's worth one watch just go in with low expectations and you should be fine.<br /><br />Eye Candy: Dana Lis Mason and Tane McClure get topless<br /><br />My Grade: D+
critique7801 Superdome is one of those movies that makes you wonder why it was made. The whole plot concerns someone trying to sabotage the superbowl and all the attempts made to stop them. How Tom Selleck and Donna Mills' careers managed to survive this is beyond me. However the most frustrating thing about it was THERE WAS NO FOOTBALL IN IT AT ALL! Avoid this one if possible.
critique7802 To heighten the drama of this sudsy maternity ward story it's set in a special ward for "difficult cases." The main story is Loretta Young's; she's on leave from a long prison stretch for murder. Will the doctors save her baby at the cost of her life or heed her husband's plea for the opposite? Melodrama and sentiment are dominant and they're not the honest sort to say the least. For example just to keep things moving this hospital has a psycho ward next door to the maternity ward and lets a woman with a hysterical pregnancy wander about stealing babies.<br /><br />There are just enough laughs and sarcasm for this to be recognizable as a Warners film mostly from Glenda Farrell who swigs gin from her hot-water bottle while she waits to have twins that to her chagrin she finds there's now a law against selling. An example of her repartee: "Be careful." Farrell: "It's too late to be careful." Aline MacMahon is of course wonderfully authoritative as the chief nurse but don't expect her to be given a dramatic moment.<br /><br />The main theme of the film is that the sight of a baby turns anyone to mush. Even given the obvious limitations this film should have been better than it is.
critique7803 Absolutely putrid slasher film has not one redeeming quality. It has Camp Councellor Angela(Pamela Anderson..awful as the killer;her quips when she wastes people aren't even amusing)on the warpath slaying teenagers who act the least bit naughty or resist her pleadings for good behavior. We run the gamut of boring clichÃƒÂ©d killings such as the slashing to the throat to one kid looking for his Freddy clawed glove a kid who gets a chainsaw one girl who gets drilled one who gets shoved into the crapper(filled with leeches) one who is roasted etc.<br /><br />It doesn't have one original idea to offer and is merely a waste of time. That is unless you want to see Valerie Hartmen's(who plays the slut Ally)tits. Most of the violence occurs off-screen so even that will not satisfy.
critique7804 I come from Bangladesh and here C.C.Costigan is a goddess of awesome sex. All kidding aside a friend and I were awake in the middle of the night watching movies on the Encore: Action channel when we came across a series of sci-fi-esquire flicks. There was RoboCop 2 (not bad...not bad at all) ... then Judge Dredd (Stalone almost ruins his career) then a movie called Lethal Target. One would think the title "Lethal Target" could only be awarded to a really cool and really cheesy Rambo knock-off. But nay what is delivered is what I would like to call a "Semi-softcore semi-pseudo action semi-sci-fi film" ... actually I think I can say that this isn't even a film at all. If it wasn't for the main character's sheer hotness my friend and I would've turned off the movie as the opening credits rolled.<br /><br />I have a few questions to the people (I wouldn't even dare say "professionals") who made this film. -One In the future why are they using the weaponry we used in 1999? Oh wait I get it it's all that they could get their hands on... right???... well then.. why is the main character wearing what looks like a normal everyday linen shirt and a vest kinda like what people wore in the late nineties? .... oh ... I get it ... in space it MUST have been a fashion statement.... well then... WHYOH WHY does the main character pull out a 3.5 floppy disk at one point in the film so that she can upload some bullshit ?! wtf !? ...we've progressed so far that we have space travel but we still haven't progressed past 1.44megabytes of space..?<br /><br />I guess I'm just asking for too much.<br /><br />Question two Let's just say...that yes... this is a softcore porn. Then why is there only ONE real sex scene and why does it last for 2 minutes?<br /><br />I mean you're taking the REASON people are staying up in the middle of the night to see this crap (dare I say 'movie' anymore?) ... and whittling it down to 2 minutes. Hell they should've just taken that sex scene and sold it to another porn movie and they would've STILL made more money off of this "crap" than they did.<br /><br />C.C.Cortigan is hot. And no offense to the actress but she acts about as well as I do. and I'm mentally retarded and only have one testicle... (C.C. Cortigan...e-mail me ...we'll have lunch) I would write more but I've run out of space.
critique7805 This show was an amazing fresh & innovative idea in the 70's when it first aired. The first 7 or 8 years were brilliant but things dropped off after that. By 1990 the show was not really funny anymore and it's continued its decline further to the complete waste of time it is today.<br /><br />It's truly disgraceful how far this show has fallen. The writing is painfully bad the performances are almost as bad - if not for the mildly entertaining respite of the guest-hosts this show probably wouldn't still be on the air. I find it so hard to believe that the same creator that hand-selected the original cast also chose the band of hacks that followed. How can one recognize such brilliance and then see fit to replace it with such mediocrity? I felt I must give 2 stars out of respect for the original cast that made this show such a huge success. As it is now the show is just awful. I can't believe it's still on the air.
critique7806 It definitely fits the time period as the Axis & Allies were playing espionage games throughout most of North Africa & the rest of the world. It's not the best of films but certainly not the worst of the budget films as described previously from the compilation War Classics. <br /><br />Duncan"Cisco Kid" Renaldo was actually very good in one of his first feature films. I really enjoyed the performance of Harry Parke (credited as Parkyarkarkus). Why he never got any bigger roles is beyond me. He played the perfect buddy/partner role and saved the movie...imho.<br /><br />As said this film was part of a budget package from Superbox-Mart entitled War Classics. Eight movies for eight bucks which included other never-heard-from-films that has some decent stars trying to pay the bills.<br /><br />This script is...well not so hot. The editing & cinematography is...worse. If you can by-pass all of that and want to see the future Cisco Kid & a great sidekick that sadly never fulfilled his true potential definitely pick it up! Otherwise there's other WW2 films to watch.<br /><br />-Thunderossa.
critique7807 This is the most messed up entry on IMDb that I've yet to stumble across. All the previous reviewers act like this is the movie. This is NOT the movie. Rather it's merely a featurette that's an extra on the DVD of the movie "The One" It also nowhere near being the 90 minutes that it's listed here as. In actuality it's barely over 13 minutes of how cool Jet Li can do martial arts. and his reflections on the movie. So yeah this IMDb entry is quite a bit fubar. Don't listen to any of the other reviews as they are ALL wrong. You can trust me because I never feed you dear reader BS.<br /><br />and that's the truth. i guess u can say that i'm "the One" Reviewer that matters.
critique7808 I'm not sure what. I just couldn't laugh at it. I had an open mind. I didn't want to be a tight-@ss about it. But I seriously just couldn't laugh at this film. It was just not funny to me. Some parts it seemed like Ben Stiller and Jack Black tried too hard. Just because you put two very funny men together doesn't mean that this is going to be an excellent comedy. Some movies just shouldn't be made. This is one of them. Because it does a lot of old jokes and the acting was just stupid. I know I know it's a comedy. Sort of at least. But I was just not impressed. I'm sorry but I cannot give this anything lower than a two. And that's all I'm giving. <br /><br />2/10
critique7809 I've seen some terrible book-to-film adaptations in my day but this one tops them all! The bizarrely unattractive cast detracts from the story which is in itself untrue to the book. Mr. Tilney is nothing like handsome; as for Catherine Morland a rat-like appearance makes this heroine a difficult one to sell to a sympathetic audience. Isabella is nothing like the Aphrodite one reads about in the original text and James Morland appears in the film far too little to leave the viewer with any understanding of his important role in the story. Also as others have pointed out before this novel was intended to satirize the Gothic craze prevalent in Austen's time but it appears that this "soft horror" film was designed and meant to be taken seriously. I'm sure Jane Austen turns over in her grave each time one of her fans is disappointed by this awful interpretation of what was supposed to be a joke.
critique7810 I'm sorry but even TJ Hooker's Adrian Zmed couldn't save this sequel. I went through half the movie thinking that this was a spoof of the original. Then came that wild and wacky motorcycle scene (notice that this is the only movie that Patricia Birch directs); and I sadly realized they were trying to be serious. I did get a kick out of the fact that the opposing gang having lost their "wheels" due to their gambling habits in the original Grease were forced to use motorcycles in the second movie. Being shamed by that putz character Carrington I'd hate to see what they would resort to later: maybe Mopeds?<br /><br />I also never bought the hackneyed theme: hunky-Australian-boy-can't-fit-into-Outsiders-dominated-school-ergo-goes-for -tough-guy-with-stupid-biker-helmet-look. It was Disney story gone horribly awry.<br /><br />So it looks like you CAN ruin a good thing by placing a bubble-gum smacking Michelle Pfeiffer in a musical. The only thing I took away from this movie was an idea of how many points out of ten to give it.
critique7811 Wow where to begin with this one. Well if you enjoy laughing at the utter failures of filmmakers then this one is for you. I bought this movie for 5 bucks because I never pass up an opportunity to laugh at B-movie God Casper Van Dien's blunders and boy was this one of them. It may have been enough that this movie contains the single most lame movie monster ever. This thing which is supposed to be an Indian ghost looks more like a plastic candy bowl skeleton that you put on your front porch on Halloween. He dons a cape that is clearly a garbage bag complete with what appears to be a bucket-shaped bonnet over his head. At some points this is a man in costume at others it is clearly a plastic prop placed on top of a horse. This monster has the uncanny ability to see with "predator" vision a clear rip-off and can miraculously appear after throwing his spear. Sometimes the spear cuts people sometimes it doesn't. This thing also manages to down a helicopter with a single arrow. Wow this makes a much sense as when the kid blows up a spaceship with a firecracker at the end of "Critters." This creature is impervious to bullets but somehow dies at the end of the movie. At the end of his killing spree which we never really find out why he is on he gets blown up. This is an incredible feat for we had already seen this thing blow up 3 times in the film. But I guess this last time was the charm. <br /><br />And don't even get me started on the lameness of the other characters. First of all what Delta Force unit employs women? Last I checked the military still disallows women into combat situations. Also this unit is "undercover." Why? What possible reason would they have to be undercover? And they're not even good at it I guess no one would realize that they were military if they didn't have on uniforms BUT THEY WERE ALL CARRYING MACHINE GUNS (which incidentally change sound effects throughout the film at some points sounding like air rifle BB guns and at others canons). There is one part when the Skeleton Man throws some construction workers from a catwalk and you can clearly see the pad that they fall onto. At another point. Michael Rooker falls down a hill that is clearly flat ground. They tilted the camera slightly to give the appearance of an incline but he is clearly pushing himself along in this looooooonnnnnggggggg fall scene. Then when he is helped back up the hill the rope is flat and when it shows the woman at the "top" of the "hill" the rope goes upward from her grip not the way it would look if she was pulling someone up a hill. Rooker actually has a line that says "I'm not going after him I going after it." What? That is quite possibly the dumbest thing I have ever heard and I watch these bad movies as a hobby. The saddest part about this quote is that you can tell that everyone involved in the writing/production of this film thought that it was so bad-ass. Believe it or not compared to the rest of the dialog this is good. <br /><br />The acting bad. The makeup really bad. These characters either had scars or wounds that liked to change sides of their face. Maybe these are alien scars that like to run around on your face. Yeah I think I'll make a movie about that "Attack of the Alien Scars that Move Around on Your Face." That villain would be more intimidating than the Skeleton Man and the film would probably be scarier.
critique7812 A clever overall story/location for a story. Action is respectable. The children are annoying and their motivation is unclear. The leading villain was a nice change but could have been better. "I Love You" was more overplayed than "you complete me" but at least Van Damme got a chance to show a little tenderness. One of Van Damme's better movies.
critique7813 This really is one of the worst movies ever made. I consider myself a HUGE zombie film fan and usually tolerate bad acting lame "special effects" a dumb story and whatever you may encounter in second rate movies AS LONG as the film has a good atmosphere/story/suspension or whatever to offer. This one has basically no positive aspect to it and is third or fourth rate maybe worse. Some friends of mine and myself made a small movie during a weekÃ‚Â´s holiday and definitely did a better job (no zombie film though).<br /><br />This flick is not even funny not speaking of anything else. Really bad and redundant special effects zombies that look like normal people (except for a white additional skin pulled over their faces) WAY TO MUCH fake blood (I like realism a lot the combination of realism and Zombie films being debatable but the presented gore is just plain silly). The camera stays quite long with feedings scenes it gets boring and you cannot help but wonder why the zombies use WEAPONS (!) to kill their prey. I will not go into the details of the dubbing (others have done so). Although I am from Germany myself and am at least a bit curious about the original version I will NOT waste more of my time with this movie.<br /><br />Keep away from it as far as you can.
critique7814 As a Christian I found this movie to be completely embarrassing. The actors sucked the writing sucked the cinematography sucked and the story was so typical. I couldn't say this is a great witnessing tool because I'd be too embarrassed to show any of my unsaved friends. Hollywood has much better stuff and that's because they invest the best into it. Christians put out sh*tty work and think it's OK because "it's for the lord". In the old testament people spent huge amounts of money to bring offerings to God. David (or Saul.. I don't remember) spent what would be equal to about $50 Billion in todays money on building a temple for God. But these days spending what would appear to be about $30000 tops on making a movie to "witness" to people with is just pathetic. It's the person not the product that affects someone. Don't waste your time trying to convert your friends with this waste of an hour and a half. If you want to make a positive impact with people show them movies like The Matrix American Beauty Braveheart etc.. movies that have something to say and actually get it into you.
critique7815 At the opposite end of the spectrum from RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK is David Hemmings' utterly inferior adventure regarding the salvage of a World War II-era plane with a valuable cargo. Assets include beautiful New Zealand settings Brian May's energetic music score and some dandy helicopter flying and jet boat chases. The bad however far outweighs the good. Donald Pleasence hams as perhaps never before; half of his dialog is almost unintelligible. George Peppard attempts an Australian (I think) accent then gives it up halfway through. Lesley Ann Warren is at her most irritating. Ken Wahl is well Ken Wahl. The dialog is painful to hear and Hemmings' direction is largely inept. The script is not only obvious but terrible. Jokes fall flat scenes carry no punch and continuity is virtually non-existent. According to the end credits two men were killed piloting jet boats during the making of the film. What a waste.
critique7816 I don't think this movie had the effect on me that was intended: seeing American soldiers shooting wounded soldiers from the other side and punching wounded prisoners in their wounds to torture them into making them talk made me root for the other side. It certainly made the US forces look anything like "the good guys". Was this supposed to be acceptable?
critique7817 This is an in-name-only sequel to "A Christmas Story" originally entitled "A Summer Story." Ralphie narrates his family adventures during the summer when they moved to a small hick-town in the middle of nowhere. Hilarity unfortunately does not ensue.<br /><br />The original worked because of its irreverent nature and honesty - everyone could relate to it. This one is simply stupid and not very funny at all. Charles Grodin's last movie - no wonder! It's one of his poorest roles. I felt sorry for him.<br /><br />Mary Steenburgen is given little to do everything's formulaic and you have to wonder why they even bothered.<br /><br />And I mean come on - a competition with spinning tops?! Sadly it's the best part of the movie...
critique7818 Wow what an overrated movie this turned out to be! It was supposed to be "an extremely suspenseful tale of a crazed killer holding a woman hostage and in terror in her home." Well I doubt it terrorized audiences in the early '50s and I know it would put today's audiences asleep.<br /><br />"Sends shivers down the spine" proclaims the New York Times. No the only shivers I get is that anyone is left on the planet who believes anything the N.Y. Times prints about anything.<br /><br />Well it was about a deranged man who held a woman hostage for a short time in her house but the man. "Howard Wilton" (Robert Ryan) was actually harmless and friendly. In fact this was one of the nicest roles Ryan ever played! Yes "Wilton" was nuts but he never harmed the woman and only wanted a friend to trust.<br /><br />The film even turned boring after awhile with very little going on except a lot of yakking. <br /><br />Beware my reader.....this sucks.
critique7819 I thought this movie was going to be a disgrace to the series. After all part 3 didn't measure up to part 2 and this one doesn't have Daniel Sawn. Miyagi's humour wasn't quite as witty in this one as in part 3 but it was funny enough to make the movie worth watching.<br /><br />The girl's part was pretty good. She's a lost teenager who needs direction. I find the plot a little hard to believe. That the aunt would simply agree to leave her home and her niece under the care of Mr. Miyagi a man she just met. Of course he was a friend of her brother.<br /><br />I did appreciate the monastery. One might think from some of my other reviews that I wouldn't have liked the dancing monks but I thought it was amusing. It showed that they know how to have some fun. Now if these were monks in ancient China dancing to pop-music that would have been another matter.<br /><br />Probably the most intelligent part of the movie was when the girl thought it was stupid that the monks wouldn't kill a bug. Miyagi told her that street gangs killing each other is stupid nations trying to destroy each other is stupid but having respect for all life is not stupid. Miyagi has expressed such wisdom in the other films as well.<br /><br />I give this movie a 4 out of 10. Sure there were some things I liked about it. It wasn't as funny as part three and no character could ever live up to Sato in part 2. This movie has no re-watch value. I can't imagine watching it again but it is worth seeing once.
critique7820 Caddyshack Two is a good movie by itself but compared to the original it cant stack up. Robert Stack is a horrible replacement for Ted Knight and Jackie Mason while funny just cant compete with Rodney Dangerfield. Ty Webb is funny being the only character from the original. Most of the other characters in the movie lack the punch of the original (Henry Wilcoxon for example) except for the hystericly funny lawyer Peter Blunt being played by Randy Quaid. Every line he says reminds me of the originals humor especially the scene at his office (I don't go in for law suits or motions. I find out where you live and come to your house and beat down your door with a f***ing baseball bat make a bonfire with the chippindalemaybe roast that golden retriever (arff arff arff) then eat it. And then I'm comin' upstairs junior and I'm grabbing you by your brooks brothers pjs and cramming your brand new BMW up your tight a**! Do we have an understanding?). Offsetting his small role however is Dan Acroyd who is obviously no replacement for Bill Murray. His voice is beyond irritating and everything he does isnt even funny its just stupid. Overall Caddyshack II is a good movie but in comparison to the awesome original it just cant cut it.
critique7821 Wow. Watching this film today you can't help but be appalled by the writing of this film. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young play a couple who in modern times might be featured on "The Jerry Springer Show"--as they have a sick and abusive relationship...and inexplicably the writers appear to be endorsing it! <br /><br />The film begins with a hungry and homeless Loretta being shown the ropes by the poor but very resourceful Spencer Tracy. He shows her how by conniving you can do very well with little money and takes her home to his shack to stay. It's never clear whether or not they marry--and considering it's a Pre-Code film you can assume they aren't even though they are cohabiting. Their relationship is very strange...and rather sick. While you can see that Tracy cares about her by his actions he is verbally abusive and a total jerk---and Young comes running back for more like some sort of dog. He calls her "skinny" or "ugly" and these are in a sick way his way of using endearments! Later when he starts fooling around with another woman (Glenda Farrell) she tells her friend that if that's what he wants it's okay with her!!! It sure smacks of a sado-masochistic relationship and you can't help but feel a bit horrified. Sure he doesn't hit her but the relationship is very abusive. To show how sick it is when Young gets pregnant she tells him "...it's your baby and it's mine but you don't need to worry I'll take all the blame for it"!! Yikes! Doesn't this all seem a bit like looking through a peephole into a sick and dysfunctional home?! Later in a case of art imitating life Tracy proves what sort of man he is and disappears. After all he can't be burdened with a baby--even if it's his. But he changes his mind and decides to return home. Wow...that's bit of him! And when he returns he's nasty and acts like IF he stays he isn't obligated to care for the kid!! And she tells him he's "a free man...free as a bird"! Wow I was almost in tears at this tender moment...NOT! Soon this crazy pair are married...and naturally Young is depressed because he seems to be staying as long as it suits him--not because of any love or sense of responsibility. So how can you salvage anything with this sort of sick characters? What would you do? Well as for the writers they have Tracy soon commit a robbery to help pay for the brat! The romantic aspects of the film are underwhelming to say the least! During the robbery Tracy behaves like a chump--doing almost nothing to take precautions not to get caught--like he was secretly hoping to get sent to prison. And to show what sort of nice guy he is the guy he tries to rob is one of his best friends.<br /><br />While there's more to the film the bottom line is that Tracy is a jerk and Young is an idiot in the film. Despite both being very good actors there's absolutely no way they could make anything of this crap the writers produced. Nice music nice sets good acting...and a script that is 100% poo. How the film is currently rated 7.4 is beyond me and I wonder how anyone can ignore the pure awfulness of the characters. A horrible misfire that somehow didn't destroy the careers of those involved.<br /><br />Oh and if you wonder if Loretta EVER gets a backbone in this film or plays a person who is the least bit strong the answer is NO! By the end she's learned nothing and hasn't changed one whit for the better.<br /><br />They sure don't make films like they used to...and in this case...thank God!
critique7822 I enjoyed the beautiful scenery in this movie the first time I saw it when I was 9 . Dunderklumpen is kind of cute for kiddies in a corny way. It reminded me of HRPUFFINSTUFF on sat mornings Its Swedish backdrops make it easy on the eyes . Don't expect older kids to be interested as the live action/animation is way behind the times and most older kids will get bored.This is definitely an under 10 age set movie and a nice bit of memories for those of us who were little kids in 1974.
critique7823 This film makes "American Pie" a sophisticated movie! No further comment needed. Humor is cheap dialogues are stupid and the cast is awkward. Every clichÃƒÂ© is used several times without any original twist. And far the worst the movie turns out to be more catholic than the Pope. It's so sad.
critique7824 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique7825 I understand that this was Llyod Kaufman's attempt to save a movie that was the pits. The whole movie is voiced over since the audio reel was junk. The voice overs were SO bad and terrible quality. As much as I love Troma they tend to be a little heavy on the voice over work. The acting was terrible. One thing I did enjoy from this movie was the quick cameo of Trey Parker doing the aristocrats joke with a goofy wig on. There are a lot of big director dudes in this movie like James Gunn and Eli Roth (friends of Lloyd Kaufman). Again I think this was Llyods attempt of saving a crappy movie and trying not to lose 1000s of dollars. I won't go on and on but this movie was a mess. Check out other Troma titles.
critique7826 Every time I by pass this show on TV I absolutely and truthfully want to claw my eyes out and rip my ears off.It's so unbelievably horrible.The jokes aren't funny the acting is completely terrible and the whole entire show is one major disappointment.I hate Charlotte Arnold's guts and I just want to punch her in the face or stab her with a knife every time I hear her talk. She is a no talent low IQ big waste on society and I think she would be doing the world a favor if she just shuts the f*ck up and went away for a long time. Please I say this with all my heart DO NOT EVEN WATCH ONE EPISODE OF THIS SHOW!!!!!!It's not even worth 30 minutes of your life and there are thousands of better things to do including killing yourself than watch this show for half an hour.
critique7827 When a man who doesn't have Alzheimer's can't remember how many films he's made he probably is the world's most prolific director after all. That man is Jesus Franco the king of so-called 'eurotrash'. His 1980 flick Devil Hunter is as rushed opaque stupid lazy and exploitative in the truest sense of the word (the film's title is misleading for starters) as any other Franco film I've seen. That makes it sound pretty awful and it is... Yet Franco does have some kind of inimitable sensibility a generous way with the baldly outrageous with nudity and sleaze and violence and even with his stupid cheap editing which tries to pave over the extreme haste with which all his films were made. The mix of all these elements causes you to ride his films out even while you're mostly waiting for them to end because they're so very tedious.<br /><br />Devil Hunter is nigh on incomprehensible for the first half an hour. The kidnap by strangers of a white woman who seems to be a model or film star is intercut with a bunch of native action in South America. There's lots of naked writhing dancing and endless repeated zoom-ins on an ugly totem pole. You need to get used to the repetitive zoom-ins and the technique of cutting back to the same shot about three times in a row right away as these are Franco's main methods of extending a film out to feature length.<br /><br />The monster who looks like the totem pole is actually kind of scary. He has raw bug eyes and his presence is always signalled on the soundtrack by cacophonous groaning apparently recorded in an echo chamber. Early in the piece he chews on a native lady strapped to a tree and it's hard to know what really happens here but I think he ate her stomach (or her genitals sweet Jesus!).<br /><br />Anyway the adventure begins properly when a studly guy and his freaked out Vietnam vet pal are sent to the island to recover the white girl from the kidnappers. The flakey guy has an accent which as dubbed is half Brooklyn-American half English-Liverpudlian and all retarded. All of the dialogue and dubbing is ridiculous and laughable making for another layer of the film which can somehow hold your interest.<br /><br />Not too much really happens from here on in and it happens pretty sluggishly studded with the odd bit of outrage like a rape. The nebulous action is fleshed out (haha!) by acres of 360 degree nudity from the natives and the two female leads and even from the monster himself. That he walks around with his penis exposed makes wrestling him an unappetising prospect for the tough guy hero but it's gotta be done at some point and it's nice to note that the director will show anyone's genitals on camera.<br /><br />The best feature of Devil Hunter is the location filming. Franco can be extremely cheap with the structural and story aspects of film-making but he doesn't muck around with sets. You get real islands jungles helicopters and mountains all in widescreen. This is something that is really cool to experience in these days of crappy CGI sets and backdrops ad nauseam.<br /><br />Ultimately issues of recommendation where this film is concerned seem moot. If you're trying to see all the Video Nasties you will have to watch this at some point and you'll be made as restless as I was. If you like Franco you'll watch this anyway. If you fall into neither of the above categories the odds are you'll never come across this film. Copies of it aren't just lying around and I could hardly recommend the seeking out of it. It's Franco. Lazy crazy Franco.
critique7828 Now I'm a big animation fan -- love Svankmeyer and usually am into all applications of stop motion so I had high hopes for this one. Then I came on IMDb and paused --- I'm always real suspicious of films with a bimodal distribution of votes on IMDb. Here we've got another --- a bunch of 10s (shill anyone) and then some real low ones. I'm also suspicious of 10s with the word "visionary" in them. <br /><br />Sure there are visionaries but this character isn't one of them. Despite my misgivings I saw this film and have to side with the ones. The stop motion animation was okay but the plots were banal and overall it seemed amateurish. Treat yourself to the real deal get some Svankmeyer and leave this also ran on the shelf.
critique7829 One question: Why? First off the premise is not funny or engaging at all. They use taped interviews and take the audio to animate ite with animals speaking the parts. First off the interviews aren't funny or entertaining to begin with and even if they were I am sure they would be a lot more entertaining being viewed as they are originally without being turned into cartoons. How does that add any hilarity to it? I turned on CBS's Monday night sitcom line-up (which has become a regular way for me to relax after stressful Monday workdays) and found this on. Of course the sitcom line-up would be reruns anyway being summer but seeing those episodes over again would have been more entertaining. I tried to give "CC" a chance. I really did. When it started I figured well maybe it will be funny. Nope. And then it kept going. It was a long half hour.<br /><br />And I can almost see if there was a purpose if the interviews were shown in their entirety and had points to them. But no it was just one-line clips cut and pasted together really quick. It was like a horrible dreadful version of Cartoon Network's "Robot Chicken." I wasn't a fan of CBS' now-cancelled sitcom "The Class." WHile that was on it was one half-hour of the line-up I would struggle through. But if it came down to me deciding a whole season of that or three more episodes of "Creatures"....let's just say I'd take the "Class." Considering it's been a couple hours since it aired and I come on here to see I am the first to comment...I guess that's a good sign that nobody watched it and that it won't last much longer. Cartoon roadkill.
critique7830 ...a film comes along that manages to be absolutely terrible from the opening titles on through to the studio logo tagged at the end of the closing credits. This was such a film - the very type you can not stop watching for fear of missing a moment of its ever-descending quality.<br /><br />Forget the low budget that's indicated by a slow monotonous opening sequence that shows secret service agents running alongside a presidential motorcade with no crowds no traffic or location discernible. Forget the jumbled logic needed to even remotely make the actual plot seem plausible. Forget that Roy Scheider delivers some of the hammiest dialogue whilst completely failing to hide his shame.<br /><br />This clunker is terribly paced bombarded by a score that's simply laughable and seems edited by a third grader. All the while twisting scenarios to cover up the hardest thing about filming a presidential storyline on the cheap: making him seem presidential.<br /><br />I honestly feel asleep briefly in the last reel and when I awoke I ran it back so as not to miss a single excruciating frame. Try this drinking game: take a shot every time you see it blatantly aping another much better film. You'll doze off too.<br /><br />Not since 'The Man' w/ Samuel L. Jackson and Eugene Levy have I seen such a delightfully unredeemable project. I may give out copies as Christmas gifts. Zero stars. A thousand laughs.
critique7831 When In Rome is a definite improvement on Getting There. Getting There I found too predictable contrived and slow and to this day I still consider it as the Olsen twins' worst. However while When In Rome isn't a terrible movie it's not a great one either. If I had to sum it up in one word I would say passable. It is good fun for teenagers but I think adults won't find much to go on.<br /><br />When In Rome does have its good points. Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen are actually quite decent actresses certainly very pretty as well. I will admit when I was 10 or so I really liked them and in general I kind of like them still. And I have enjoyed some of their movies like Passport To Paris and New York Minute. Back on target both girls don't do that bad a job in fact they are very appealing. Plus their outfits are to die for and the scenery of Rome is absolutely breathtaking. The soundtrack ain't half bad either.<br /><br />However where the film is brought down is in the plot and the script. The script is on the most part clichÃƒÂ©d and has hints of deja vu. The plot like most of the Mary Kate and Ashley movies is very predictable and anyone familiar with any other of the Olsen twins' work will find some rather unoriginal elements to it. Most of the characters are cardboard thin and you don't learn very much about them and sometimes the pace is uneven. Sadly the breathtaking scenery is spoilt by rather slapdash camera work that looked rushed constantly.<br /><br />All in all does have its good points and certainly watchable. However for my taste it is harmless and predictable teenage fluff. 4/10 Bethany Cox
critique7832 George Brent is a reporter sent to interview an heiress. She is supposedly the heir to a face cream fortune. He interviews her on her yacht. They fall for each other in bathing costumes.<br /><br />It turns out (quite early) that she is not an heiress. She part of an advertising campaign for the cold cream.<br /><br />The movie follows the ups and downs of their romance.<br /><br />The supporting cast does little to buoy it up. Davis and Brent carry the picture. Though it's fairly predictable it is also fairly entertaining. It's far from her best. But especially considering its obscurity in her oeuvre it's not one of her worst either.
critique7833 This movie was offensively PC predictable and clichÃƒÂ©d. I couldn't imagine a movie that better exemplifies the myopic narcissistic preachiness of today's Hollywood. If you haven't seen this don't bother watching it. If you have show some courage and tell people how awful it really is. My wife a minority in her own right was offended by the inherent and unendingly racist message of the film. This movie has nothing to do with the real world and has little if anything at all to add to any discussion about racism in this country. Instead it's the kind of cheap sensationalist crap that is promoted as deep and challenging thought. What kind of a bubble do you have to live in to think that this is at all impressive?
critique7834 Quite simply this shouldn't have been made. It's predictable and clichÃƒÂ©d. The on screen chemistry which made the first "My Girl" so captivating is nowhere to be found here and the acting as a whole is stilted and forced. The writing also leaves much to be desired some of the 'memorable' lines such as "earpeircing a barbaric custom" are just shocking. Where "My Girl" provoked a genuine feelings of sadness and some genuinely funny moments like so many sequels "My Girl 2" tries to recreate these emotions generated by the audience and fails miserably. Maybe i'm being hard on this film because of how great the first one was but quite honestly it insults the quality of the original with the sort of drivel this installment serves up. Surely this has to come close to "Son of the mask" as being one of the worst sequels of all time. In both cases the old saying rings true; "if it ain't broke don't fix it".
critique7835 Ludicrous. Angelic 9-year-old Annakin turns into whiny brat 19-year-old Annakin who somehow seems appealing to Amidala 5 years his senior. Now 22-year-old Jedi warrior hero Annakin has a couple of bad dreams and so takes to slaughtering children his friends and the entire framework of his existence because a crazy old man convinced him a) his precious wife might really die and b) only he can prevent this. Ludicrosity squared.<br /><br />I think the people who like this movie are not paying attention. The story is ridiculous. The characters are unbelievable (literally not the perverted sense of "fantastic" "wonderful" etc.).<br /><br />Obi-wan Kenobi was the wise and kind anchor for the entire series but in the climax he hacks off Annakin's legs lets him burn in the lava and leaves him to suffer. Doesn't anyone think that's a little out of character? Not to mention it was pretty stupid to take a chance on him living as it turns out.<br /><br />I was expecting at least a story that showed consistent characters with plausible motivations. None of that here. The story could have been written by a 10 year old.<br /><br />Oh yeah the CGI is pretty cool.
critique7836 **SPOILERS**KHAMOSH is totally unrealistic lacks a plot and was basically only made to see stars portray themselves. The most suspenseful scene in the movie was when Shabana Azmi is in the shower and then we see her TV playing the shower scene from PSYCHO. This movie actually expected users to believe that Naseeruddin Shah's character has a good enough memory to remember where certain shots were fired and how many!<br /><br />***SPOILER BEGINS***<br /><br />At the end the killer spills his guts to Shabana Azmi long enough to allow Naseeruddin Shah's character to run up and shoot him!<br /><br />***SPOILER ENDS***<br /><br />It is a little humorous (only a little) in the beginning to hear the director and cast members throwing insults at each other and hearing Shabana Azmi exclaim "Oh sh-t!"<br /><br />Overall a baaaaaaaaaaad movie!<br /><br />Rating: ** out of ********** (2 out of 10)
critique7837 Piranha starts out as expected stupid white people going to discover new lands and exploit them. I thought for a while it might be a cannibal film. It starts off like so many others showing nothing but shots off untouched Amazon rain forest. For all I know it could be Florida. At this point you figure some animal mutilation or natives will pop up. Instead you get the acting talents of William Smith who starred in L.A. Vice and Angels Die Hard. He plays Caribe an acclaimed hunter who I would describe him as Jack Palance Light. He is bigger in stature but not quite the Jack Palance goodness. As for natives you don't really get that many. Where's the piranha? Should I even ask that question? Caribe now hunts humans I guess. He doesn't really pursue anyone till the end of the movie though just stares at them. Caribe does race one of the tourists on a motorcycle in a over-dramatic Smokey and the Bandit kind of way. The motorcycle challenge happens for no real reason other than an action sequence. I can't tell you how many times I've seen a tourist challenge a stranger to a motorcycle race in the jungle. Never actually. Do they live do they die? Will you care? Anybody wanna race on motorcycles? Caution: this film contains extreme dry look. My advice is to rent a Jack Palance classic like Craze.
critique7838 I watched this show and i simply didn't find it funny at all. It might have been the first episode. Lately i realize ABC is playing a lot of stupid shows nowadays and is going down as a station. All the characters on this show are pretty bad actors but even if they were good the jokes and script are pretty horrible and would still bring the show down. I would say that I believe this show will be cancelled but seeing as how ABC is doing pretty horrible for quality of shows they are playing they might just keep this one simply because it's average compared to them.
critique7839 Although this series and the mini film in particular were very important at the time of release I feel that the series as a whole was actually fairly poorly written with a weak cast. The issues at heart are extremely well portrayed yet it is difficult to relate and understand the problems within the film when the acting and script isn't convincing enough (especially when looking at the mini film).<br /><br />I also don't believe that this mini film or series has stood the test of time as now many of the scenes are quite laughable. The issues are still crucial but Boys From The Blackstuff cannot fully aid the cause of understanding the problems in Britain in the 1980s.
critique7840 Shame on Julia Roberts and John Cusack. They are so talented and should not have had any part in this movie. The storyline was dumb and predictable. The jokes were not funny. The romance was not really romance. I was all too happy when this movie ended.
critique7841 I've seen the movie only recently although it appeared in 2001. I hoped to see an entertaining movie but let me tell you Princess Blade is nothing compared to Azumi. The "princess" is not very talkative as you may have noticed... She reminded me of Jean Claude Van Damme who only stared to make his point then beat the crap out of the opponents. During the entire movie I waited to hear at least a confession about what she liked why was she fighting who did she love and trust. I waited in vain. Crappy movie. Crappy dialog. Don't watch it unless you want to be bored out of your minds! It's so bad that in the end I was wondering how I managed not to scream in frustration 1 and a half hour. Approximately. I give a 4/10.
critique7842 This must be one of the worst movies I've ever seen the graphics are ridiculous and the script pathetic and the biggest question is how this rather low brow script got trough the selection process.<br /><br />I like all sorts of movies from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie so I can't say I'm picky. I have been struggling to find something to compare it to but I just can't think of anything that matches this maybe starship troopers 2. Witch in my opinion makes the movie gods cry and me thinking about throwing out my DVD player but compared to this its effects are great. The acting superb and the script should be awarded. You know when a movie is bad in a funny way well folks this isn't one of those this kills your soul minute by minute.
critique7843 This film is described as a action/comedy. The first 15 minutes and James Belushi's presence point to it being a humorous gangster film.<br /><br />However the introduction of the ridiculous female lead begins a number of ludicrous plot twists which do little to conceal the contrived ending. The film moves between comedy(description used loosely) and surreal drama with some out of context adult scenes thrown in. The lead female (the Angel of the title) is poorly acted and the actress is not helped by the script which requires some unbelievable extremes of character to be portrayed. James Belushi is the only one who handles his part well but is also let down by the poor script. One to avoid.
critique7844 If you are having trouble sleeping or just want to take that nap in the afternoon but just can't seem to drift off pop in this movie. The only neat thing about this movie are the electric planes. Aside from that prepare for some sweet zzzzz's. It boggles the mind how big name stars such as those in this movie can be part of the one of the dullest movies I've ever seen. Now if you will excuse me I will finish my nap.
critique7845 Hated it. If you believe that everyone in the South is dumb morally bankrupt stupid violent a religious nut or a child molester then this film may be for you. Everyone is poor and seemingly ignorant. In one scene two older men are talking in a general store and one mentions that he had molested a set of sisters before they could tie their shoes. The man seemed proud of his actions and the other man clearly took it as a normal part of life. Very nice. A teenage girl walks the back roads looking for her sister and no one offers to help her -- despite an obvious limp and lack of food or water (no backpack etc.). Strathairn's character is not only thoroughly disgusting and slimy but he is shown to be a religious believer who (typical for Hollywood) reflects the vile nature of Christians. A scene in the movie is highly reminiscent of the end of Cape Fear (the one with DeNiro) -- Bible verses being spouted by the bad guy. I am from the Great Northwest but found this film offensive because of the wonderful people I know who are from NC WV AL MS KY TN etc.
critique7846 Terry West had a good idea w\ this movie. He just didn't flesh it thru. There are endless shots of the creepy looking school's exteriors that go on forever and probably to pad the film's running time. Also at this school there are only 2 students. Misty Mundae is good as usual but this film will always belong to Ruby LaRocca (which is the only reason to watch the film in the beginning). If the script centered on her interesting character we'd have a movie to watch. She is so GORGEOUS!! Good news for DVD buyers Terry West's earlier (and better) film "Blood For The Muse" is a special feature. One thing I'd like to say is that this movie feels like someone who's not good at delivering the punch line at the end of a long joke for the ending feels that very same way. Then again just watch this for Ruby LaRocca.
critique7847 You do realize that you've been watching the EXACT SAME SHOW for eight years right? I could understand the initial curiosity of seeing strangers co-exist on an Island but you'd think that after watching unkempt stink-ladened heroes run roughshod through the bush with an egg on a spoon for half a decade would be enough to get you to commit to something a little more original (and interesting).<br /><br />And I'm not even speaking of the shows validity which for the record I find questionable. It's just hard to suspend disbelief for "Bushy Bill" eating a rat when the entire crew of producers and camera people are housed in an air conditioned make-shift bio-dome sipping frosty mochcinno's with moxy.<br /><br />What's the appeal here? I don't care about these people or their meandering lives. I just don't get it. But if you DO find yourself being captivated by hairy unwashed people I suggest you turn off your TV and just take a trip to your local bus station where you can see people like this in their TRUE habitat. They call them HOMELESS PEOPLE and free of charge you can sit back and marvel in their uncanny ability to retrieve various cigarette debris from a plethora of garbage canisters eventually striking "pay-dirt" and fashioning a homemade Dr. Frankenstein-styled cancer-stick all the while begging people for change for food when the stink of "Aqua Velva" on their breath is enough to suggest otherwise. And the best part? Much like Survivor every week one member of the tribe "Leaves" the "Island" when they are unceremoniously sent packing to the local Institution when the frightening unmedicated state of full-blown schizophrenia kicks into gear! Now THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT!
critique7848 I very much looked forward to this movie. Its a good family movie; however if Michael Landon Jr.'s editing team did a better job of editing the movie would be much better. Too many scenes out of context. I do hope there is another movie from the series they're all very good. But if another one is made I beg them to take better care at editing. This story was all over the place and didn't seem to have a center. Which is unfortunate because the other movies of the series were great. I enjoy the story of Willie and Missy; they're both great role models. Plus the romantic side of the viewers always enjoy a good love story.
critique7849 After watching this on the MST3K episode I have to wonder how many movies this film borrows from. It seems to combine elements of Logans Run Farenheight 451 Final Sacrifice and at least several others. At one point I was really expecting Cris Makepease to call Lee Majors ROWSDOWER. <br /><br />I wonder if the director has any clue how many holes there are in the plot. like the fact that even though gas is unavailable there is plenty of it in abandoned gas stations and the stations are located close enough together to keep an F1 race car going all the way across the country.
critique7850 This movie is at times a wild 80s college sex comedy others a sweet romantic one... Then it has moments of serious drama and then sprinkles in dashes of science fiction... It is so uneven its almost ridiculous.<br /><br />But I would hardly rank it as one of the worst films I've ever seen except of course for the fact that they casted Peter O'Toole.<br /><br />There is absolutely nothing for him to work with here. Poor dialog poor performances to work off of poor everything... And yet he's fantastic... There is not one good thing about his part and yet he makes it work if only on pure charm alone.<br /><br />The fact that he was so able to achieve so much with so little shines a spotlight on how greatly everyone else in this film failed making it seem even worse than I suppose it actually is...<br /><br />If any other actor was in O'Toole's role I would have forgotten this movie as crap and never thought of it again but a fine performance by Peter O'Toole despite all odds ensures that I'll remember this film for a long time to come... If only as a film that maybe could have been good if anyone involved in it was nearly half as good as Peter O'Toole.
critique7851 I rented this tape a couple of years ago and boy did it suck. From the commercials I was lead to believe that this was a movie about a guy who had no no luck with women and that was where the comedy would lie. Boy was I wrong. The jokes were vulgar and they were just not funny. Don't bother. 1/10
critique7852 Sorry this movie was a bad made for TV movie. Are the rest of you on drugs when you watched it? I thought the hairmake-up and characters were poor 2 dimensional types. The story is doubtfulespecially since all of the main characters are deador nearly dead. I think it's not well acted either...what was up with that hair on the main guy in the Turtles? It looked glued on badly and the sideburns looked like they were going to fall off at any moment. It didn't feel like anything new was revealed in the story of the band and how the members met other bandsand people. I laughed all the way through itFrank Zappa looked stupidso did Mama Cass and so did the Beatles. They were made out to look stupid and ridiculous. Also the other band people like Jim MorrisonDonovan also took a big hit at looking stupid too. Kind of terribleif this is how you remember these people. It's a poor history lesson on musicit's fictional the way it was made.
critique7853 I never intended to write a review of this movie. Actually I was just on the sight looking for the name of the star of the film and then I started reading reviews... I guess I'll never learn. This movie is horrible! I'm not going to justify my comments with specific reasons because I really find it hard to believe that anyone with any taste actually LIKES this. A guilty pleasure? Okay I guess. But a film this bad that wasted talent so good (Caine Gelbart and Donen) is a reason for mourning not a pleasant diversion. A low point for all involved except perhaps Bologna who must sit up nights trying to figure out which bomb was THE bomb that destroyed his career.
critique7854 I went to the cinema to watch a preview of this film without knowing anything about it. Recognizing Jennifer Lynch's name and seeing the 18 certificate I realised it might be disturbing. In actuality I found the film a farce. I found myself giggling in disbelief through parts of it. The acting is atrocious- Bill Pullman and his ridiculous twitching face. I do almost pity the actors though as the script offers them no chance of any believable character interaction. After some shocking incident (there is plenty to "try" and shock the viewer in this film) 2 characters are seen sharing a beer and talking about the weather. Everything was overstated or thought it was being clever when really it was obvious! The performance from the little girl character named Stephanie was the best thing about the film. Quiet and intense. I really could not recommend this film to anyone. Its violent without point ridiculous characters bad acting bad script and plain silly.
critique7855 It's weird this film; you get the impression that the makers of this snooze-fest spent more time in the local bars than on set. In fact it's a surprise not to see Harry Alan Towers' name on the credits; it certainly has the flavour of one of his tax-shelter productions but here the motivation behind the project seems to be for all involved to enjoy a prolonged stay in Provence. Despite the fact that the film is supposed to take place all over the region Les Baux and the area around it stands in for almost everything.<br /><br />David Birney makes for a spectacularly colourless hero - as Michael Lonsdale says at one point "you're a walking clichÃƒÂ©". What Lonsdale is doing in this is anyone's guess. For some reason the most interesting character played by Rampling is sidelined whereas regardless of the book she should have been the central figure because she clearly has the skill to carry the movie (which would have been dull anyway but at least we'd have got more of something pretty to look at).<br /><br />All in all a pointless affair that is only worth watching to see how action-less an action movie can be.
critique7856 The title says it all. "Tail Gunner Joe" was a tag given to the Senator which relied upon the ignorance of the public about World War II aircraft. The rear facing moving guns relied upon a latch that would prevent the rear gunner from shooting off the tail of the airplane by preventing the gun from firing when it pointed at the tail. When the Senator was practicing on the ground one day he succeeded in shooting off the tail of the airplane. He couldn't have done that if the gun had been properly aligned. The gunnery officer responsible for that admitted in public before a camera that he was responsible -- he had made the error not the Senator. The fact that the film did not report that fact shows how one-sided it is. This film was designed to do one thing destroy the reputation of a complex person.<br /><br />A much better program was the PBS special done on him. He was a hard working intelligent ambitious politician who overcame extraordinary disadvantages to rise to extraordinary heights. He made some mistakes some serious mistakes but shooting the tail off an airplane was not one of them.<br /><br />The popularity of this film is due to the fact that the public likes simple stories one=sided stories so that they don't have to think.
critique7857 Dorothy Provine does the opposite here: She keeps growing and growing. I didn't detect any subtext though. "The Incredible Shrinking Man" and other movies of its ilk during the period were parables about radiation nuclear war and other horrors. Provine's growth is the result of an inept computer/robot.<br /><br />And who operates this computer but Lou Costello! I like some of his movies with Bud Abbott. But though this is a pretty bad movie he does fine without him. And Gale Green is an excellent foil.<br /><br />Green plays the pompous town big shot. He is Provine's father. He is intent on being elected Mayor. So when his beloved daughter starts having issues he dumps her. He doesn't exactly dump her but gives up his battle against her longtime admirer Costello.<br /><br />This is pretty implausible: Costello is the local garbage collector.<br /><br />The special effects are minimal. And the subplot involving the military is lame in the extreme.
critique7858 This DVD is barely 30 minutes long and has dull interviews that reveal that the average Slipknotian has an IQ of around 30. But these aspects are the least problematic here.<br /><br />The real trouble is that Slipknot is one of the least talented metal bands to ever sell over 100000 units of their crap. (The only reason I say "one of the" instead of "the" is because System Of A Down are even worse.) Much like Ed Gein's girlfriends this band's music is pieced together from age-old metal clichÃƒÂ©s which are to be found in both their image and their ultra-dull music. In fact their image is kind of fun; their videos are like snippets from cheesy horror films hence they fulfill at least some purpose as entertainment.<br /><br />Their music however consists of nothing of quality - whatsoever: just a bunch of gimmicky heard-them-a-million-times-before played-solely-at-the-guitar-neck riffs that are in no way related to each other and yet are randomly grouped together to form "songs" that have no cohesion no highlights no nothing. But if the riffs are truly bad then the vocals are even worse: Slipknot's singer has a stereotypical hence uninteresting "evil" growl - the kind 90% of all metal bands today have - but that is nothing compared to when this deluded hick starts trying to sing! Still what could one expect? Rule no.39 of the "Nu Metal" handbook says quite clearly: "You will alternately growl and sing. Ignore the fact that the two styles don't mix well because most of your fans are so tone-deaf they will love you even if you **** into the microphone." Slipknot are at their absolute worst when their "singer" starts belching out "melodies".<br /><br />But back to their image. It's stolen copied ripped off nicked borrowed taken without asking from none other than Mr.Bungle. You've never heard of them? Of course you haven't. You only listen to nu-metal and Mr.Bungle is quite far from that and beyond any categorization anyway. They too wore masks - grotesque horror ones similar to those of Slipknot I might add - in the late 80s and early 90s. This band whose frontman is Mike Patton from Faith No More never hit it big because their music wasn't directed toward the average music fans (to put it mildly).<br /><br />So basically Slipknot aren't even original in the image department. They have nothing at all new to offer hence will be forgotten in several years: once the masks become boring to the legions of their zit-faced fans which is when Slipknot will be forced to compete in the music market solely with their generic music.<br /><br />Speaking of Mike Patton it's interesting that a number of nu-metal bands often site his singing as a major influence. Predictably - and thankfully - Patton is not flattered by this and has denied being in any way proud to have been an influence for one of the worst metal sub-genres ever...<br /><br />Having said that enjoy this short DVD and the cheap thrills it might provide to the untrained ear and bored eye... And then polish those Slipknot posters because in a few years no-one will be taking care of them the poor dears.<br /><br />Having seen Corey in the documentary "Get Thrashed" I finally understand why he wears a mask: he is a blue-eyed baby-faced ginger looking like Dave Mustaine's younger brother! Not exactly scary.<br /><br />For more of my music-world rants go to: http://rateyourmusic.com/collection/Fedor8/1<br /><br />Please punish me hard very HARD by clicking "no" below. That'll teach me...
critique7859 Miscasting happens. Susannah Yorke is a luminous young Jane Eyre and her performance is impeccable. However Edward Rochester is supposed to be 35. White-haired George C. Scott looks and behaves like an arthritic 80. Jane's deceased uncle is in better shape! He creaks and snarls obnoxious and grim. He looks like an ax-murderer who has sent his ax out to be sharpened; we're not surprised he keeps a wife caged in the attic! The great love story looks like a sado-masochistic nightmare. There is enough darkness in the novel but Bronte's Rochester is relatively young athletic powerful and charming when he chooses to be. He has a fine speaking and singing voice a good mind and a conscience that he unsuccessfully attempts to stifle.
critique7860 This film is really badso bad that even Christopher Lee cannot save it.A poor story an even poorer script and just plain bad direction makes this a truly outstanding horror filmthe outstanding part being that it is the only horror film that i can honestly say i would never ever watch again.This garbage make Plan nine from outerspace look like oscar material.
critique7861 I felt that the movie was dry... very disappointing no plot..kept waited for something to happened and nothing did dry as a bone.. a wast of money.. One of Robins Williams worst films..if you don't believe me wait a few months it will be out on DVD because that seems to be a pattern for movies that don't do well in the theaters are out as rentals before the year is over... This is one you will not want to see or say why did I spend my money on that!. Plus for it being such a new movie there were only 8 people in the watching it.... This was on a Friday night the 9:50 showing. I also felt that it needed some more excitement or something to keep us awake. When they characters spoke in the movie the voices were also very low you could not hear what they were saying..
critique7862 Its a truly awful movie with a laughable storyline.some awful acting.and a script that Ed Wood might be ashamed of.Wagner is laughable in this. He plays his role like number two in Austin Powers.Easily the worst of the Airport movies.1 out of 10
critique7863 As one of the few commentators not to have seen the 1st film I found this to be a very disappointing movie.<br /><br />Yes it has a funny awkward type of humour if you can bear the (highly) morally dubious premise. However it fails abysmally in the important areas.<br /><br />There is thin and nonsensical plot line involving Gordon Sinclair's generous friend who may or may not be entwined in a conspiracy to supply dangerous electronics to Third World countries - possibly in free computers ... or possibly not. Vague long-winded and inconclusive. The lack of any substantial ending is so infuriating and what is present is pompous and wholly illogical. The film feels half-finished.<br /><br />Suspension of disbelief is extremely difficult when witnessing a very attractive female teacher (Maria Doyle Kennedy) can be drawn to Gordon Sinclair's unimpressive character especially when he fends off her advances. Laughable. It worsens later in the film when he achieves his romantic ambitions then throws it all away for some ideals based on very little evidence of ambiguous value.<br /><br />Not many films leave me feeling cheated but I felt my time was stolen.
critique7864 I thought that this movie might be a good spoof or at least a good independent comedy like Friday. Instead it was more like something someone in high school would make with their parents' camcorder. It wasn't just the low budget that makes this film bad (many great films have been made on a low budget) it is simply a bad movie and it wasn't even bad enough to be good camp. Case in point: for the first ten minutes of the movie nothing happens except the 3 main characters sit in their room smoking dope put on their makeup and then answer a phone call. You keep waiting for something to get story moving but it never comes. The sound was so bad I had to turn the TV up all the way just to almost make out what they were saying (which wasn't interesting anyways). If I pay to rent a movie I will usually suffer through it even when it's bad but it was all I could do to sit through 20 minutes. It looks like the person before me felt the same way because they didn't rewind the tape and left off about the same place I did. The only reason I gave this a score of 1 is because the rating system doesn't have negative numbers.
critique7865 As far as films go this is likable enough. Entertaining characters good dialogue interesting enough story. I would have really quite liked it had I not been irritated immensely whilst watching at the utter disrespect it shows the city it is set in.<br /><br />Glasgow. In Scotland. Yet every character is English (save for Sean's girlfriend who is Dutch). Scottish accents are heard only fleetingly in menial jobs & roles. As a Scottish woman (& as a viewer who likes her "real life" films to be a bit more like real life) I really don't think it would have hurt to use any one of the countless talented Scottish actors...or at least got English ones who could toss together a decent accent! The futile attempt at using the word "wee" a few times did nothing but to further the insult.
critique7866 I found this movie at the flea market for cheap. I was so psyched because I thought it was a skateboarding movie. I got home put it on the previews rules and the opening scene with the old guy rolling down the street on the skateboard was awesome. At that moment I realized it was a post-apocalyptic movie but I still had high hopes for it. This movie was awful. A friend of mine was stoned out of his mind when we watched it and even he thought it was horrible and a waste of being high. I kept falling asleep during the movie because it was so boring and the music was utterly awful. I don't know if during the apocalypse all the good music and all the music that is only kind of crappy is destroyed and everyones memory of how to play it is wiped clean but I think I would rather die than have to endure that crap. Also what the hell was up with the TV studio? I can only assume that this movie was adapted from an old Greek play with the names and title but some plays are not meant to be adapted into a futuristic sci-fi setting. Or at least not by the people who were involved with this movie. If you are forced to watch this movie I can only suggest bringing a hand gun and finishing yourself off before the end. It would be a good movie to kill yourself too everyone will understand why.
critique7867 I enjoy B movies. I think Bruce Campbell is a very watchable actor. I love how he delivers his lines. 'Evil Dead 2 and 'Army of Darkness' were great movies. I liked 'Running Time'. However I don't know if I'll ever watch this movie again...and I bought it. Now after saying that I bet the commentary tracks and special features will be worth watching! This movie just has far too many holes for me to actually enjoy even as a cheapo movie. First off Ted Raimi was annoying just flat out annoying. There was nothing to his badly acted / written character that hasn't been done better a thousand times before. The directing sadly was sub par and the choice of some shots...yikes. I don't expect Woody Allen or James Cameron here but Campbell did not deliver.<br /><br />I did not purchase this thinking it was going to be an Oscar movie like 'Annie Hall' but still I'm disappointed. I would have been happy with 'Mallrats' or 'The Rhino Brothers'. I got much less. By the end of the movie there were no scenes that popped out to me no dialogue that resonated within me. Even 'Hostel' had a classic line for petes sake! I do not recommend this movie.
critique7868 Warning: This could spoil your movie. Watch it see if you agree.<br /><br /> To think that we as humans can not learn from the past. The futuristic society portrayed glamorized what Hitler believed obliterate a race of people (in this case men) for the benefit of society. It made me sick to my stomach. Also the plausibility of a Y bomb is insane. Even in war our instinct for self-preservation will prevent the extinction of humanity. We made mistakes in the past ie: Japan Hiroshima and Nagasaki in '45 but because of that we avoided a bigger mistake in '63 during the Cuban Missile Crisis
critique7869 Sometimes you need to see a bad movie just to appreciate the good ones. Well that's my opinion anyway. This one will always be in the bad movie category simply because all but Shu Qi's performance was terrible.<br /><br />Martial Angel tells of Cat (Shu Qi) a professional thief turned straight after leaving her lover Chi Lam (Julian Cheung) two years before. But her past returns to haunt her as Chi Lam is kidnapped for the ransom of security software belonging to the company Cat works for. In order to rescue him she calls on her old friends from her orphanage days six other feisty women to save the day...<br /><br />I may have told the synopsis cheesily but this is a cheesy story. In fact the whole script and direction lacked any quality at all. Much of the dialogue was meaningless and coupled with a plot that was as thin as rice-paper in water. If I could sum it up take a bad Jackie Chan movie remove the comedy remove the choreography throw away the budget and you have Martial Angels: a formulaic piece of work with no imagination at all.<br /><br />Mind you I do have to give credit where credit's due and Shu Qi was probably the only person to emerge unscathed from the terrible action as it was her performance that shone through. Okay you can't say she was excellent - after all she had absolutely nothing to work with - but she did manage to dig some character out from her role. Other than that only Sandra Ng and Kelly Lin made any other impression - although these were mostly glimmers and very brief.<br /><br />Elsewhere the film just fell to pieces. Scenes and dialogue were completely unnatural and unbelievable special effects were obviously done on the cheap with no attempt to clean up edges between persons and the mask of the blue screen poor editing involving numerous discontinuities in fight scenes camera angles that were elementary and unflattering and direction I've seen better from a lost dog.<br /><br />I guess this film was a too many cooks affair. Most probably the budget was blown away on the over-enthusiasm to have seven babes on the same silver screen. That didn't leave much else.<br /><br />Frankly the way this film was made was like a cheap porn movie without the porn. Charlie's Angels it ain't. In fact while sisters can do it for themselves none of that was really that apparent here.<br /><br />Definitely one to forget.
critique7870 and it's only January still I'm sure of it!<br /><br />By far this is among the worst Swedish movies I've ever seen and to be honest Swedish movies ain't that good in general. It have been claimed to be "original" and perhaps it can be seen as that for people who never seen a English speaking movie for us who have been to the cinema the last 10 years it can't help but to feel like MÃƒÂ¥ns MÃƒÂ¥rlind and BjÃƒÂ¶rn Stein have been sitting down one weekend going through the most successful movies from the last years and tried to squeeze it all together in to one Swedish package. What can I say the outcome can just be...poor. First of all the story is just weak to begin with even worse when it's not just a poor story it's a wish to combine to very poor stories - first a failed try to make Swedish action ÃƒÂ¡ la Matrix and then combine it with a really bad moral story. And if you thought it could not be worse you'll notice all the "cool stuff" that just have been thrown in there for absolutely no reason at all more than in a bad way trying to show that Sweden also can do Hollywood movies - which we can't nor should try to. For example the main plot is tried to made deeper by letting youths play a computer game called Storm having absolutely nothing at all with the story or for example how there is a internet side about "Storm" while all the sudden it just is the main characters consciousness - really I don't think even Stein or MÃƒÂ¥rlind can see a point with three quarters of the movie more than just trying to show off poor extra effects. For the actors I've got to admit Eric Ericson does a pretty good job except he does the same job the whole movie through even tough Storm tries to be a movie about the personal development of DD he does not change one bit in his way of acting. Jonas Karlsson well to be honest I thought he was a fairly respected actor but judging by Storm... really he just have to be ashamed of this movie his character and his scar. Lastly Eva RÃƒÂ¶se is just beyond critic both her character and her acting. The only reasons Storm succeeds of not getting a 1/10 is for Eric Ericson and what can I say at least it tries..
critique7871 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. However the little slave girl Alice and Jared Harris imitating Christopher Walken is what makes this movie entertaining. Alice's smoking drinking and uncanny way of showing up when her name is called is strange and interesting. I have to applaud Jared for his Christopher Walken imitation and Christopher Walken for allowing this to be in the movie.
critique7872 Alexandre Aja's remake of The Hills Have Eyes was one of the bright spots of 2006. Not only was it a remake of a classic horror film but it was pretty damned good too. So nearly a year later we are being treated to the sequel to that remake. While original scripter Wes Craven is back as producer and co scripted this film just fails to rise to the level set by the original and the remake. A group of military trainees stop by in the desert to check in on some scientists and find themselves run afoul of the mutant family from the first film (at least those that remain plus some new ones). There's plenty of gore to be had here. What annoys me about this film is the utter lack of characterization. The viewer does not give a damn about what happens to any of these people because we haven't gotten into them. Even the mutants had some characterization last time out and this time nothing. Gore for the sake of gore is pointless. There has to be a reason for this to happen for it to be interesting. Nothing that happens here is interesting. And what is it lately with rape scenes in films? Here we get yet another one for no real reason. Hopefully this is one set of hills that won't be visited again.
critique7873 Veteran British television director Alan Gibson's "Dracula A.D. 1972" qualifies as one of the least appetizing entries in the Hammer Studios series about Bram Stoker's immortal bloodsucker. Actually this represented the first time since Terence Fisher's memorable "Horror of Dracula" (1958) that Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing fought each other as mortal enemies. They would reprise the same roles a few years later in the final Hammer Dracula: "The Satanic Rites of Dracula." Further it was the second-to-last Dracula for Hammer in which Lee performed as the infamous fangster. For the record "Dracula A.D. 1972" was the seventh Hammer Dracula.<br /><br />The exciting prologue from 1872 prepares you for something vastly different than what the rest of this disappointing horror flick yields. Eternal rivals Count Dracula and his nemesis Professor Lawrence Van Helsing are literally at each other's throats atop a runaway carriage in London's Hyde Park for a vigorous opening scene that makes everything else look comparatively anticlimactic. The carriage crashes and Dracula emerges hugging half of a wooden wheel with its shattered spokes embedded in his chest. Of course Christopher Lee has to grip this broken wheel against his body but the imagery is striking enough in its own way to pass muster. The Count expires and so does his opponent Van Helsing. However one of Dracula's disciples snatches the Count's ring and scoops some of the vampire's ashes into a vial for safe-keeping.<br /><br />Don Houghton's screenplay hurtles the action ahead a hundred years to swinging London in 1972. We meet a smarmy young man Johnny Alucard (Christopher Neame of "No Blade of Grass") who loves to raise hell with a group of hippies that crash parties and drive the British police with their antics. Alucard happens to be the descendant of one of Dracula's servants. Now Alucard has the Count's ring and a vial of his dehydrated blood. Alucard chooses the sight of a desecrated church to arrange a black mass. He invites his trendy friends among them Laura (super sexy Carolina Munro of "The Spy Who Loved Me") Gayner (Marsha Hunt) and Jessica Van Helsing (Stephanie Beacham) to attend this black mass because it offers them something different. Not surprisingly they resurrect the Count and the evil bloodsucker sets his eyes on Jessica. Meanwhile after Laura's body is discovered drained of blood Scotland Yard Inspector Murray (Michael Coles of "Doctor Who and the Dalkes") solicits help from Van Helsing's modern day offspring Lorrimar (Peter Cushing). Dracula wants to exact revenge on Van Helsing by taking the latter's granddaughter as his bride. Lorrimar tracks down Alucard; they fight in his Chelsea apartment and the young vampire drowns in a tub of water. Remember running water is just as lethal to vampires as sunlight and crucifix. Van Helsing finds Dracula in the deserted church with his daughter awaiting the Count. Van Helsing and Dracula tangle. Van Helsing flings Holy Water into Dracula's face. The vampire falls into an open gravesite with a stake awaiting him and he decomposes again.<br /><br />The chief problem with "Dracula A.D. 1972" is that we don't get enough of Lee as the Count though we do get considerably more of Cushing as Van Helsing. Furthermore scenarist Don Houghton keeps Dracula confined to the ramshackle church and never allows the vampire to venture out into the city. Despite its low budget "Dracula A.D. 1972" could have been a lot better. The scene where the contemporary Van Helsing has to jot down Alucard and spell it backwards to get Dracula seems almost laughable. You'd think that he'd know about this backwards spelling trick. Unless you are afraid of horror movies this one will make you yawn. Occasionally Gibson presents us with a superb close-up of Dracula with his bared fangs and blood-shot eyes but this is about as scary as this chiller gets and that isn't saying much.
critique7874 Strictly a routine by-the-numbers western (directed by genre-mainstay Andrew V. McLaglen so is that any wonder?). Army colonel Brian Keith spars with smarmy bandit Dean Martin who has just kidnapped the colonel's wife (Honor Blackman who never found her niche after playing Pussy Galore in "Goldfinger"). Fist-fights shoot-outs stagecoach robberies and Denver Pyle in a supporting role...in other words absolutely nothing new or original. Talking in a low monotone throughout Keith gets to dally with a prostitute (something of a shock after his run on TV's "Family Affair") but otherwise this low-rent material wastes Keith's amiable talents. It's also bad news for Dino who doesn't seem to notice or care. Hack direction poor writing and several unfunny attempts at lowball humor. * from ****
critique7875 Tycus is one of the worst films direct to video films that I see ever.<br /><br />I am not amazing that this product does not appearing at the cinema.Bad Visual effects (The start is dreadful)Bad actors (I donÃ‚Â´t understand Why appear in this film the great Dennis Hopper)and Bad screen Without sense.My alternative:Armaggedon or Twister. SENTENCE FOR TYCUS:Do not watch this film.
critique7876 The odd thing about Galaxina is not that it is supremely bad although it is. The odd thing is that in spite of being supremely bad it is not funny. Supremely bad movies have their own particular brand of unintended humor--the secret of their success you might say. But Galaxina is quite uniquely different--it is MST3K's worst nightmare a bad movie in which the intentional *and* the unintentional humor alike fall flat.<br /><br />It is easy enough to figure out why the intentional jokes fail--and the reasons are quite varied. Sometimes it's a timing question; sometimes it's a good idea badly worked out (the human restaurant *could* have been hilarious but it wasn't); sometimes it feels like there was some mixup in the cutting room with the punchline ending up on the floor; and sometimes the jokes are just bad jokes. Bad movies get their laughs from such unintentional snafus. It's harder to figure out why Galaxina doesn't get any laughs on that count. Something is subtly wrong with the unintentional humor in this movie just as something is wrong (not at all subtly) with the intentional humor. It is a supremely bad movie whose very badness is not the redeeming quality it usually is. It's absolutely unique in my experience.
critique7877 I guess I was prepared after all the years of hearing about it. First heard about it from Siskel and Ebert. When they said Divine ate excrement I had to look it up. Then a friend told me about it in 1991. She said also that her parents saw it when it first came out and that her mom almost dumped her dad over it! So by the time I caught Pink Flamingos on Sundance today I was prepared. For the most part.<br /><br />I still couldn't help but be surprised by the anal close-ups and the blowjob scene. That said the only characters I sympathized with were Edie and the egg man. Her crying scene early in the film though over something frivolous to normal people actually makes me sad. Though she sure wasn't pretty she had a cute voice. I was happy for her and the egg man and they actually touched me.<br /><br />On the other hand the acting in this poverty-level production was not good. And as for the script just how does John Waters come up with this stuff? Well at least it's different.
critique7878 About the worst movie in distribution right now! I love zombie movies and saw this in the used rack so I thought why not? Oh my god a shame to zombie movies and fans to the genre! Whoever made this movie needs to put away your camcorder and go to film school! There are so many gore hounds out there who have put time and effort into their films and they have something that this film doesn't dignity. I know it what it takes to make films and I'm sure there was a lot of money and time spent in making Meat Market but none of that money and time went in to making it good. You need actors a script a real camera invest in some books on how to make independent films. I don't know how you got a DVD release but whoever did that is either a really good friend or banging their head on the wall. In gore films it is quality not quantity the effects are weak! I was so angry that this is actually in stores and that I couldn't get my money back. Please if you have seen this film write here and put an end to shlock. I know I'm being very harsh I only had 10 lines so I'm trying to get to the point.
critique7879 The Screaming Skull opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - Now there's a hook! The story itself has a fairly interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness then attempts to convince her that she's going insane with shrill noises mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times. Add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man's first wife who he was devoted to. Maybe it's just that the 1950's didn't have the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie the techniques used here seem contrived and mundane. But then again when I first saw "House on Haunted Hill" as a nine year old it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way I'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong the film is not terrible it just seems to get tedious at times. But there's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished Whitlock home and the gardens and pool are a nice touch. For me the best played out scene involves Eric Whitlock (John Hudson) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull he just wades right in clothes and all in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener (director Alex Nicol in a dual role). It makes you wonder who the real dimwit was.<br /><br />In it's own good way perhaps the most shocking thing about the film: how about that neat roadster the Whitlock's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958! That at least made me jump out of my seat!
critique7880 I went into this film really wanting to like it - it headlined a film festival earlier in the year and boasted an all-star cast. But (and you could tell there was a "but" coming) it's a failure of a film. Outstanding character acting by Sarandon and Walken is destroyed by editing and the antics of the supporting cast. Turturro's performance is lackluster and most of the comedy is overplayed. The recurring puppet shows are pointless and a few scenes are completely out of place.<br /><br />That said there are some wonderful moments sprinkled in the film. A genuinely touching stage moment several of the seductions and a few of the comedic color actually work out. Unfortunately they're overshadowed by the diffuse incoherent script and some bad acting.
critique7881 UzumakiÃ‚Â which translates into "spirals" arriving within this new wave of Asian Horror films following such hits like Ringu Ju-On and The Eye (two of them with remakes.. and much more coming like Dark Water and Tale of Two Sisters) falls short of the spooky supernatural thriller element so characteristic of the other movies the only thing that remains is weirdness and not in a Tim Burton or David Lynch kind of way but in a irrelevant and dull way. <br /><br />Its start with a girl some other kid with a crush on her her best friend and his dad who's obsessed with Uzumakis! Everything that happens concerns Uzumakis people die and you see Uzumakis. So okay It'll go along with it I'm kinda amuse by spirals myself characters don't seem to go anywhere but I'll play along. We find out the town is cursed by Uzumakis people start screaming at Uzumakis and the point is Uzumakis are everywhere the movie is a disaster it doesn't know where to go except to show you the power of Uzumakis!!!!!!!!! There are some cool concepts like when the mother cuts her fingers because she sees Uzumakis on her fingerprints but then there's another scene where she hears her husband (from beyond the grave!!) tell her that she also has Uzumakis in her ear the way they handled that scene was just laughable not even cheesy fun there are also some (a little bit) of cool visuals like the collection the father has of Uzumakis and the girl with the Uzumakis hair.. yep Uzumakis hair its out of context though its seems like it was taken out of a Fruit Snack commercial where if you eat an Uzumakis fruits snack its taste is so incredible your hair turns into Uzumakis now if this wasn't bad enough suddenly out of nowhere there are Snail Men.. or ManSnailsÃ‚Â… whateverÃ‚Â… and you know why? right? Because in their shells they have UuuuzuuuumaaakiiiisÃ‚Â…. That only left time enough for a crappy anti-climatic ending and by that time I was sick of friggin' uzumakis.. uzumaki here uzumaki there sure look around you how many Uzumakis can you findÃ‚Â… If you want to see a movie about spirals go see PI (3.1416) now there you'll find some pretty cool uzumaki concepts in between the meaning of life and Dark City has also a little bit of a spiraling thing in there.<br /><br />This movie could have worked as a music video it has already garnered a cult following and thats why I was compelled to see it but after doing so I'm not sure why people think it's great. I was truly disappointed.
critique7882 Just saw it....the story the plot the script makes absolute no sense!! Its Samvise the brave part 2(without the RING) its characters showing up out of the blue(for no reason)its Hercules hated by everyone(no one knows why) its Leelee Sobiesky showing her true talents(two of them) its crappy special effects its a few good actors wasting their talents(did I mention Leelee's two talents??)... do I have to say more??? ITS JUST AWFUL even for NBC-TV standards!!! Its just the lowest....what a waste! by the way: how can you people give this mini-series so many stars????? Its beyond me!.... Shame on you! Have to make 10 lines so this is my final word: AVOID AVOID if u are considering buying it!
critique7883 This movie makes me think the others I've seen with Combs were an accident. The plot had more holes than I think I've ever seen in a movie purporting to be something more than a "b" movie. The acting was so laughable that not even the memories of Combs' past campy triumphs were enough to save it. Considering the script I have to imagine that there was not enough money in the budget for things like continuity and original ideas. I am thoroughly upset that I paid Blockbuster prices for this trash. The fact that it was made for television was something that would have helped me avoid this atrocity and frankly something that movies this poor should be required to warn you of. Avoid this movie no matter what.
critique7884 This movie was a failure as a comedy and a film in general. It was a very slow paced movie that seemed to be trying to convey a message but the message was a clichÃƒÂ© hopeless mess to begin with. This movie falls on shameless environmental point even making a self-righteous point of destroying an SUV and promoting Animal Planet.<br /><br />In sitting through this I couldn't help but notice that Steve Carell got no more than a single truly funny line. The only thing that could hypothetically mark this as a comedy is the pitiful attempt to give comic relief lines to Wanda Sykes. Her character gets frequent cringe-worthy lines where they absolutely do not fit.<br /><br />Far from the brilliance of Bruce Almighty Evan Almighty blows its whole record-breaking budget on special effect plot devices that turn out to barely advance the plot. The movie spends the first half building up to the construction of Evan's ark but by the end we learn that the ark was completely meaningless and the whole plot was a just a vessel for the stupid gags and even stupider messages. The movie concludes when we learn that the whole ark flood and animal gathering was just a weak political statement by none other than God. Yes God was trying to influence politics.
critique7885 A killer (John Karlen) with a penchant for really bad disguises (afro wig on a white dude?) cruises around in his van looking for victims. Detective DeCarlo (James Luisi) is on the case and finds the killer rather easily by just hanging out by the local pool and looking for anyone looking weird (again the afro wig comes into play). Tracking the killer to his home DeCarlo decides to set up a risky sting involving a female police psychologist.<br /><br />Inspired by the crimes of Ted Bundy before he was caught KILLER'S DELIGHT is a pretty predictable and cheap serial killer flick. Director Jeremy Hoenack has no idea how to pace a film or even make it suspenseful. He does know how to show lots of close ups of the killer wringing his hands though! The only thing this really has going for it is the captured 70s atmosphere (look out for the bathroom wallpaper). Well that and a downbeat ending. The Media Blasters/Shriek Show DVD has lots of nice stuff though including an audio commentary by Hoenack and Karlen plus video interviews trailers and an alternate opening.
critique7886 This movie no correction this THING this abysmal abomination from the burning pits of hell should have been killed before it even left the writer's head. I could not possibly come up with enough adjectives to describe this movie. But let's try anyway. Horrible bad nauseating tasteless crap vomit inducing gut wrenchingly bad hideous nasty putrid there just aren't enough words in the English language! The "plot" involves a serial killer who becomes a snow man. Don't ask how not important. The killer snowman runs about killing people. How you may ask can a snowman kill someone? In tasteless ways that make you want to remove your eyes if only so you don't have to endure that Styrofoam snowman anymore. In ways that make you want to fill your ears with hot wax so you do not have to endure his snow puns anymore. Don't watch this movie! Destroy it on sight! For the sake of your very soul don't watch it!
critique7887 The films of the Science Fiction Channel ( Sci-Fi Channel ) have become boringly predictable. The seem low on budget originality and plot.<br /><br />In this creation the government is out to get a bunch of telekinetics and recruits a poor soul by devious means to help. There is plenty of over worked recycled twists on evil government organization theme. black coats shadows short meaningless lines make these one dimensional cartoons.<br /><br />Daniel Dae Kim stands out as a good actor in a small role. He brings a bit of the style of his "Angel" character to the role. It is hard to miss the link that his "Crusade" character was a telepath and this is a film on telekinetics. Was this a Sci-Fi casting move to try and draw fans from the other show? Who knows. Thankfully he is a decent actor and a pleasure to watch.<br /><br />The movie is definitely low budget. It reflects The Sci-Fi Channels current model of Canadian location few well known characters few effects and woefully terrible plot and character development. One would think they believe science fiction fans will view anything labeled "scifi."<br /><br />If you want a good telekinesis movie check out "the Fury" ( 1978).
critique7888 To have to actually own up to making such a horrible movie! Actually I'm more embarrassed that I sat through the whole thing. It looks like an old 80's sci-fi movie complete with super-fake looking "special effects" queer imagery and very cheesy dialogue. Maybe that's the way they wanted it to look maybe they think it's cool to do movies in 80's fashion like it will come back in style. Who knows...<br /><br />If you think the promised eye-candy will save the film you're in for a disappointment--the so-called "babes" are manish and downright ugly. They can't act at all I don't understand why they couldn't at least get good looking chicks if they want babes with no talent! But I guess when you're making a film this stupid you don't get very good choices hot chicks aren't just lining up to do this kind of pitiful crap!
critique7889 Born Again is a sub-standard episode from season one. It deals with the subject of reincarnation and just doesn't fly. I've never been big on reincarnation and that could be part of my apathy toward this episode. It does reference the Tooms case which is some nice continuation from the previous episode. But the positives end there. Which is unfortunate because that takes place at the beginning of the episode. I think it's ludicrous that a dead guy would chose to reincarnate in the body of a completely unrelated girl. And he waits until the girl turns eight to start exacting revenge. There's even a serious lack of witty Mulder & Scully dialogue to keep the episode afloat. If you're into reincarnation maybe this episode is up your alley. If you're not then at least you can learn what bradycardia is.
critique7890 I found this gem in a rack the local video rental store had of tapes which are exchanged among various rental outlets. 'The Man who Skied Down Everest'. Hmm... never heard about it. The box reads of some Japanese fellow who always wanted to ski down Everest and actually did it. Sounds interesting. I rented it. As expected it was documentary style. The first part can be summarized so: "I always wanted to ski down mount Everest". This is followed by some footage of preparation for the event. LOTS of preparation footage. OK I suppose it takes a lot of preparation. Then we are treated to a protracted piece on the skier Yuichiro Miura's philosophy on life etc. More filler follows and I begin to wonder where the skiing fits in to this show. More preparation is shown and they begin to make the trip to the mountain. More philosophy is shown. At last they arrive at the mountain and maybe perhaps he will get around to skiing down the friggin' thing. Lots of climbing footage later there is a description of the parachute device intended to slow Miuras' speed on the steep slope. Finally he straps on the skis and gets ready to go.<br /><br />He's off... He skis about twenty feet and his skis shoot out from under him he deploys the parachute and tumbles in an inglorious bundle for some distance down the mountain and that's that. End of story. What the heck was that?<br /><br />OK I can buy that he always wanted to ski down Everest made extensive preparations and actually tried it with camera crew in tow. It didn't work and he ended up tumbling down and almost killing himself so what egregious hubris would inspire the man to release a film of it and call it skiing down Everest? Perhaps the title"The Man Who's Feet Shot Out From Under Him and He Slid On His Ass Down Everest" was just too long for the tape box.
critique7891 This is the first of "The Complete Dramatic Works of William Shakespeare" BBC series I've seen and if all of them are like this I might watch no more. Being practically the full text of the play is everything this "Romeo & Juliet" has going for it lacking in all other departments. Alvin Rakoff reveals himself as a dreadful director both in the technical and artistic aspects. In the former because he commits mistakes that even a first grade film student would wisely avoid. Take in consideration for example the badly edited first shot of Abraham and Balthasar in the opening scene or the Nurse's entering of Friar Lawrence's cell asking where's Romeo with him being so very in front of her that she'd clearly see him even if she was blind. And in the latter because every single one of the performers is misdirected even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly the way I've always imagined Juliet to look like and she doesn't seem to be a bad actress for a teenager but her performance totally lacks passion of any kind. Patrick Ryecart as Romeo is even worse being not only as dull as Juliet but also way too old and not even good-looking coming across as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and the Chucky doll. Putting them together makes impossible to think they feel anything for each other let alone being the main players of the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman in his screen debut plays Tybalt like if he was Darth Vader which is a huge mistake that takes away the complexity that Shakespeare intended no character being a hero or a villain but all flawed human beings. This Tybalt is so mean-looking that we don't believe the characters' pity after his demise. As for Paris I kept thinking of "Prince Valium" from Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson manages to do the character of the Nurse some justice.<br /><br />At 168 minutes this production is unable to make us empathize with the characters because the characters don't empathize with each other and never seen to believe their own roles. The best screen version is still Franco Zeffirelli's. But to be fair this BBC one isn't nearly as bad as abominations like George Cukor's flamboyant geriatric version or the crime against Humanity that is Baz Luhrmann's feature-length MTV video. 4/10.
critique7892 The Sentinel represents everything about the soul-lessness of Hollywood and the saddening lack of imagination present in so many movies these days. I cannot possibly think of one good thing about it it's all so generic so factory-made and so lazy assembled that it really only exists as an infomercial on how to make money from the unsuspecting undeserving public.<br /><br />A plot about a Secret Service Agent planning to assassinate the Prez could well be entertaining. If handled by a good director or caring cast that is. Douglas is the one who is framed. Basinger is the First Lady with whom he is having an affair (an undeveloped unresolved plot contrivance). Sutherland is the best pal who believes his guilty because there would be no movie if he didn't. And Longoria is nothing. A woman with a fortune of Maybelline and...that's it. I guess there are less requirements for women when entering the Secret Service. As usual in a film like this the role of the Prez himself is nothing more than a tool a token and is very badly written.<br /><br />Clark Johnson's he who gave us the equally as pathetic SWAT back in 2003 mechanical direction lacks any kind of signature and has all the visual sophistication of a cheap TV-movie. Douglas Basinger and Sutherland look incredibly bored and phone-in their performances from afar. Eva Longoria the most over-exposed woman of the 21st Century is basically only in this to attract to the Desperate Housewives audience. Her role is 100% pointless and she does absolutely nothing to further the plot or add to character development. She barely has 2 lines to rub together. A truly shameless marketing ploy.<br /><br />If you're a glutton for punishment then don't let me stop you. But it IS time and money you won't be getting back.
critique7893 This was one of those films that got a ton of play on the airwaves in the early 1970's usually on the "4am Movie" or one time on the 7:30 PM "Channel 6 Big Movie" and still another on Creature Double Feature.WHen local channels used to run movies as part of their local programming(mostly gone today in favor of infomercial time) It was of the time. A couple of low-rent Abbott and Costello wannabees(Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are in a platoon of soldiers(half a dozen guys in Army Surplus remainders) who are sent on field maneuvers to look into some strange radiation and wind up encountering extraterrestrials. They first go into Bronson Canyon to what would be later the famous Batcave on BATMAN and encounter the remains of a dead "carrot monster". Later in the cave they're chased by a living carrot creature-basically a guy in black suit and paper mache head with sparkly things on it and ping-pong ball eyes. Two of them-complete geeksRay and Ball-are captured and wake up tied to tables and are being "examined" by space amazons-Dr Poona(nooo kidding!) and Professor Tanga who are stunningly beautiful and even moreso in their skimpy bikini "uniforms". We were too young at the timeto realize what later bondage and fetish scenarios this "examination" scene would more than suggest. Turns out that the two gals and their carrot monster are stranded on earth with a ship that's well hidden and are trying to return to their world.<br /><br />The film was made as a total comedy with varying degrees of taste but remember this was of the time when Eric Von Zipper and his crew from Frankie and Annette's films were the height of B-film drive-in comedy.So it only seemed a natural to jump on the bandwagon for some quick bucks.<br /><br />For some reason I only thought I'd imagined seeing this film to start with. No I really saw it. And when it was released on "restored" DVD I was assured in my memory. The comedy goes from mildly funny to just plain stupid but whatever.The budget is non-existent which is a minor miracle when you think about it that it even got made and we can talk about a "restored" version here and now-over 40 years later. The payoff is the girls who want to learn about "love" and "kissing" and the upshot is the geeks-which all of us were- get the girls and love wins out. It's just goofy and silly and for the locations has nostalgic significance.
critique7894 There's considerable amount of money behind this production so the look of it is very good. It includes some interesting appearances by Gilbert Roland Eddie Burns and a brief cameo at the beginning by Christopher Lee. There are a few exciting gunfights and a humorous bit or two - the satire on Django the Man with No Name and Sabata is amusing especially when they are given the names of failed presidents of the Mexico revolution.<br /><br />The trouble is there isn't any purpose in satirizing the Spaghetti Western as is attempted here. The key element in the Spaghettis is IRONY which easily blends into comedy; in fact the source of all Spaghetti's is Kurosawa's Yojimbo which is universally recognized as one of the great black comedies of all time and most Spaghettis easily slipped over the edge into real comedy of a very sophisticated variety. Perhaps the best evidence of this is found in the Trinity films which are both openly Spaghettis and openly slap-stick comedy. So why bother satirizing a genre that - by its very nature - satirizes itself? Consequently I found the whole enterprise essentially unconvincing. None of these characters were people I would ever care about the story was generically clichÃƒÂ© and the production values only reflected the money involved not the passion of the director. Over all a banal and futile effort to cash in on the phenomenon it mocks.
critique7895 Ah yes it's yet another retelling of the classic "sociopathic murderous doctor creates female Frankenstein and falls in love".<br /><br />From the same director who brought you such timeless classics as "10000 Maniacs" (no not the group) and "Blood Feast" this "unfinished" film virtually cries out for the MST3K treatment. The doctor's assistant even has overtones of Torgo from the classic "Manos: The Hands Of Fate". I don't know if the graphic if fake-looking violence or the frequent stretches of dialogue-free tedium could have scared the crew off though.<br /><br />The main reasons to bother sitting through this movie are for the hysterical 'hypnosis' scene the laughably serious ending and the rock-bottom production values. I actually watched all of the credits after this movie for the same reasons you're inclined to slow down your car when you pass a serious traffic accident. That and the sheer genius of the end theme that sounds like a watered down "My Favorite Things" played on a toy piano. Goblin this ain't.
critique7896 This movie was supposed to have depicted a 'ladie's man' bachelor who was ready and willing to settle down once and for all. However I did not care for his mission to settle down because I didn't care for his character. I don't understand what all of these beautiful women saw in him. He had absolutely no class or charisma. He should've at least had a way about himself that made ladies weak in the knees other than his saxophone playing but to no avail. Just because he is a musician does not make him sexy. Not to mention the things he did to get the attention of a married woman he fell in love in a span of five minutes of knowing her were absolutely outrageous and ridiculous. Does this man have any shame what-so-ever? Had he tidied up and stopped doing and saying stupid things he would have been more attractive as a character but alas his character was bland and boring.<br /><br />Gina Gershon's character was unnecessarily British. She could've just as easily been an uptight out-of-towner with her regular speaking voice than do a poor British accent that sometimes would fade through out the movie.<br /><br />The only two characters I cared for were the fish and frog. Now those two had chemistry! Academy nominations for bothÃ‚Â… STAT! Plot holes lack of character development horrible acting unnecessary drama clichÃƒÂ© moments... What a mess of a movie.
critique7897 What's written on the poster is: "At birth he was given 6 years to live... At 34 he takes the journey of a lifetime." Ami is an American-born Israeli who was diagnosed with Muscular Dystrophy disease at the age of one. At age of 34 after the love toward his 22 years old care-giver didn't go well he decided to come to the US to face the doctor who said that he would have only 6 years to live. He wanted to show the doctor that he is still alive and weights 39 pounds. Why? Your guess is as good as mine even I have seen this film.<br /><br />Obviously it's courageous to live when all he can move is his left index finger but why does he have so much anger toward the doctor who diagnosed his disease 34 years ago? His doctor just told his mom that based on the medical history people with his disease won't live long. What's the point of him showing up at old doctor's door for? Why is tracking down this old doctor in the US is a journey of his lifetime? There are so many things we might be interested in Ami's life: how can he make those animations with the movement of only one finger? How can he go through daily lives while totally depending on others? How did he out lived his doctor's prediction? How does he deal emotionally when other people look at him like looking at a strange creature? The movie told us none of that. Instead the filmmaker got a van and set up a trip to let Ami to show up at his old doctor's door in order to show him that he is still alive. I thought it was a joke.
critique7898 Weird with unnecessary singing and backdrops. Randomly much of the action will occur on stage giving the feeling of an opera performance. None of that explains why this is such a bad film.<br /><br />It's the impression that either not enough rehearsal took place or that no experienced choreographer was available. The acting is flat. Even the sparkling Ziyi Zhang looks like she's just waiting for her next movement or line. You may notice the trivia on this site stating that she spent half a month in Japan learning to sign and dance. Read that again as 2 weeks and things begin to make sense. Even worse are the little kids who seem to be looking at their parents at the back of the studio rather than at the camera.<br /><br />The cheap and cheerful sfx are just cheap and cheap. The editing is staccato chops peppered with slices of just nothing that adds to anything except annoyance. Just imagine all the silly dance scenes from the recent Zatoichi - particularly the closing routine - performed by your local high school drama club with one famous actress who speaks in another language (but you get her in simply because she's so good normally despite being unsuitable) recorded on a cheap camera and then edited into three times its length in no artful order.
critique7899 The Calu-what now? Yeah I thought it was a stupid name as well. Chris Carter remains blissfully unaware of the scum in his writing staff. Starting off with the usual cheery X-Files teaser (a baby getting run over by a train) this episode... well I can't really say it goes downhill because to be honest it was never going uphill. <br /><br />Poorly written with us feeling no pathos for any of the characters (except maybe that baby at the start) the writer makes us hate characters before brutally killing them off it's the worst technique ever. Are we supposed to feel sorry for the characters of hate them? Don't ask me. <br /><br />Not only is it boring and un-scary but it's like watching a really bad Omen sequel with overblown and disgusting death sequences and rotten special effects (although to be brutally honest that's the least of my worries). <br /><br />Sara B. Charno began her X-Files career with a whimper and thankfully ended it with one as well.<br /><br />Verdict: <br /><br />In the words of my maths teacher Mr. Laverack: "Horrible Awful..."
critique7900 This is one of those religious horror films which never explain why the forces of "evil" are 10000 times stronger than those of "good". We've got here a Satanic cult which can: 1) "beam away" people (like in "Star Trek") 2) kill through little children's dolls 3) transfer a soul from one body into another 4) hypnotize telepathically from a bigger distance and 5) cause drastic car-crashes in which selected persons turn into spaghetti while others (kids in this case) survive unscathed.<br /><br />On the other hand the forces of "good" can: 1) sit around helplessly 2) stand around cluelessly 3) panic 4) laugh hysterically 5) waste time by doing nothing 6) read comics while people get slaughtered by the dozens and 7) arrive too late to Satanic rituals.<br /><br />In every religious horror movie I have to assume that that movie's world is inhabited by God and by Satan. I also have to assume that Satan can't be 1000000 times more powerful unless the movie has a world order resembling that of Hell. In other words where were the priests in this film who knew something? The best that this movie's priest could do is guess that there are some witches about - nothing else - from reading all those books in his study. At the first sight of violence this priest becomes catatonic then laughs hysterically only to finish in a major panic attack. So this is supposed to be God's contribution to fighting Satan? Ridiculous. Every good religious horror film has the powers of "good" equipped with some form of (more-or-less) supernatural power or at least SOME concrete knowledge of how to fight "evil". In that sense this movie is quite idiotic. As is the casting of the droll Martin to play the high priest(!) of the cult. There is very little menace or awe in watching the quirky Martin lead a Satanic ritual. I mean it didn't have to be Christopher Lee or Langhella but couldn't they have found someone less funny-looking? Also why does the couple go back to the town after their car is put out of the running? After their "friendly" encounter with the town's folk no sane person would have gone back; they should've just walked on. The man's explanation to his girlfriend (and the viewer) is that "who knows what's in that direction".
critique7901 Practically the only other actor who would be less likely to play Evel Knieval than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins yet somehow Hamilton manages to turn in a reasonably effective portrayal (and as producer of the film he wasn't likely to be fired or told he wasn't right for the part!) The early life of the daredevil motorcyclist is recounted here in multiple flashbacks. The film opens with a rather silly prologue with Hamilton in his white-leather star-spangled gear spouting the world according to Knieval as if to say "Don't worry. This film is about my youth but I'll be back in my familiar costume by the end of the picture." Hamilton is preparing for a huge jump yet is still licking his wounds from the previous one as devoted wife Lyon both supports and derides him. He recalls various vignettes of his childhood and delinquent teenage years along with his early days as a stunt rider and blossoming celebrity. This flip-flop approach is pretty abrupt and sometimes disjointed but it does prevent the movie from sticking to one of its inexpensive sets for too long a time or from getting into a rut with the fairly pedestrian characters. Hamilton usually a suave and debonair persona does a very fine job of enacting the tiny details of his subject's mannerisms and demeanor including his walk. His hair is a shade lighter and longer and he works hard to give the right inflections in his speaking. (He even pays minor tribute to Knieval's many injuries by appearing in a skimpy towel while his shoulders are covered in "scars" from the multitudinous accidents.) Facially he looks nothing like the real cyclist but he does suggest him in his physical performance. Lyon is excellent at playing the young girl he loves and then the more worldly wife though her 3-pack a day voice does threaten to give her away at any given moment. She and Hamilton strike up an easy chemistry which goes a long way in putting the film over. Other nice supporting turns are given by Freed as his jaded doctor Cameron as an early influence and Taylor as a flea-bitten sideshow barker. The film was made on a low budget but the story is a rather low rent one anyway so that doesn't affect it too badly. The makers wisely used actual Butte Montana locations to give the film a proper small town ambiance. Several of Hamilton's antics are amusing though the character is certainly reckless and inconsiderate of other people's property! Some of the real Knieval's completed and failed stunts are included in some blurry footage one of which features a mind-boggling "splatter" in which the man is rolled up and snapped around like a rag doll. Hamilton's then-wife (Stewart) appears briefly as a nurse.
critique7902 This movie starred a totally forgotten star from the 1930s Jack Pearl (radio's "Baron Munchausen") as well as Jimmy Durante. However 7-1/2 decades later it's being billed as a Three Stooges film because they are the only ones in the film who the average person would recognize today. Film fanatics will also recognize the wonderful Edna May Oliver as well as Zazu Pitts.<br /><br />As for the Stooges this is a film from there very early days--before MGM had any idea what to do with the team. At this point they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stooges" as Healy was the front man. Fortunately for the Stooges they soon left this nasty and rather untalented man (read up on him--you'll see what I mean) and the rest is history. Within a year they were making very successful shorts for Columbia and executives at MGM were soon kicking themselves for losing the team. This sort of thing was a common occurrence at MGM a great studio which had no idea what to do with comedy (such as the films of Buster Keaton Laurel and Hardy Abbott and Costello and others). In fact up until they left for Columbia MGM put them in a wide variety of odd film roles--including acting with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And oddly in this film they didn't act as a team--they just did various supporting roles such as Larry playing the piano!<br /><br />This particular film begins with Pearl and Durante lost in the African jungle. When they are rescued and brought home all sense of structure to the film falls apart and the film becomes almost like a variety show--punctuated by scenes with the leads here and there. As for Pearl I could really see why he never made a successful transition to films as he has the personality of a slug (but slightly less welcome). As for Durante I never knew what the public saw in him--as least as far as his films are concerned--he was loud and...loud! He apparently took time off from helping MGM to ruin Buster Keaton's career to make this film. Together Pearl and Durante rely on lots of verbal humor(?) and Vaudeville-style routines that tend to fall rather flat.<br /><br />In this film the Stooges they didn't yet have the right chemistry. Seeing Healy doing the job that Moe did in their later films is odd. What they did in the film was pretty good but because all the segments were short they came on and off camera too quickly to allow them to really get into their routines. Stooges fans might be very frustrated at this though die-hard fans may want to see this so that they can complete their life-long goal of seeing everything Stooge--even the rotten Joe DeRita and Joe Besser films (oh and did they got bad after the deaths of Shemp and Curly).<br /><br />Overall the film is rather dull and disappointing. However there are a couple interesting things to look for in the mess. At about the 13 minute mark you will see a brief scene where a tour guide on a bus is singing. Look carefully as this is Walter Brennan in a role you'd certainly never expect! Another unusual thing to look for in the film is the "Clean as a Whistle" song starting at about 22 minutes into the film. This song and dance number is clearly an example of a so-called "Pre-Code" scene that never would have been allowed in films after 1934 (when the Production Code was strengthened). Despite the word "Clean" in the title it's a very titillating number with naked women showing lots of flesh--enough to stimulate but not enough to really show anything! It's quite shocking when seen today though such excesses were pretty common in the early 1930s. Finally at the 63 minute mark see Jimmy Durante set race relations back a few decades. See the film you'll see that I mean!
critique7903 A warning to potential viewers: if you are looking for an adaptation of the classic story "The Most Dangerous Game" look elsewhere. "Seven Women for Satan"<br /><br />only superficially addresses the original work by using the name of Zaroff and having said character murder people.<br /><br />Some of what follows might be considered by some to be spoilers. Or not.<br /><br />Boris Zaroff is played by writer/director Michel Lemoine. Whereas his ancestor hunted men because they were the only prey that were truly challenging Boris' victims are usually in a position where they cannot defend themselves. The film rambles from scene to scene with a near-total lack of clarity. The director seems to have totally disregarded pacing and left the viewer with a suffocatingly dull film. A few individual scenes are mildly interesting (such as a torture rack sequence) but as a unit the film fails to entertain. Viewers who are more<br /><br />interested in an assortment of attractive and semi-attractive actresses in various stages of undress might find the film watchable. Most will probably find their time is better spent watching Mentos commercials.<br /><br />In a side note the DVD extras included a fair amount of information on the film's history. Apparently it was banned for several years in its native France which pretty much ruined any chance it had for widespread distribution.
critique7904 The film opens with a cult leader attempting to resurrect a dead member with his followers chanting for his rebirth as the sun strikes upon them in the desert. Reanhauer(Bill Roy)believes wholeheartedly in his power and gets so worked up that he collapses with what appeared to be a heart attack. Unable to keep him alive all those involved doctors and nurses are sentenced for attack with Reanhauer's demonic spirit invading the curvaceous body of nurse Sherri(..big-chested Jill Jacobson)targeting each one using her as a tool of vengeance. Forced against her will with no memory of inflicting such harm Sherri's host body murders selected victims. Fortunately Sherri's fellow co-worker nurse Tara(Marilyn Joi)begins a rather blossoming romance with a blinded patient Marcus Washington(Prentiss Moulden) once a star football player whose mother was a practitioner of voodoo. Through Marcus' knowledge passed down from mom Tara finds out about possession and how to possibly save Sherri before she murders everyone unknowingly. Meanwhile Sherri's lover Dr. Peter Desmond(Geoffrey Land)worries about her present condition and welfare.<br /><br />Well this was my first Al Adamson film and I must agree with his detractors that just from this film alone it seems he holds them together with paper clips and Elmer's glue. The animation with which we see the spirit take control of Sherri is beyond awful and rather laughable. A little soft-core nonsense as filler some demonic possession thrown in the mix(Sherri actually speaks in another voice when she's possessed) with naughty nurse behavior(..the three nurses focused on in the film all are quite sexually active and free-spirited)and a little bit violence/gore. The film is essentially shot in tiny rooms with dull dialogue from a rather mundane cast. The sexual situations aren't that hard-core and Al often shoots them without revealing all that much. The film looks embarrassingly cheap and there's an absence of thrills although the chilling score(..which sounds like something from Dark Shadows)does help a little bit. Jacobson and Mary Kay Pass(..as nurse Beth who seems to be a nymphomaniac if she'll even screw a nutty patient always complaining of illnesses he really doesn't have with enough chest hair to declare him a Neanderthal)aren't bad looking and Adamson's story-line although frail is somewhat coherent(..it seems he rarely directs films which are). Overall the movie looks like it cost 5 bucks and Adamson just can not overcome the budgetary restrictions(..or in my opinion create an unpleasant enough atmosphere due to a sometimes plodding narrative and tedious scenes which do little for the story). John F Goff has the role of the hospital's psychiatrist who wants to commit Sherri not believing the idea that she was possessed;he constantly bickers with Peter over her. I watched the unrated "lost" version which I guess is the real version to watch of Nurse Sherri.
critique7905 This movie is one of the most unintentionally bad action films ever put to film. Dolph Friggin' Lundren with a Japanese accent is funny enough but add really corny buddy-buddy action to the mix an eccentric and over-the-top villain a clichÃƒÂ©d love interest subplot and one of the worst endings of all time and you've got yourself quite the little suicide-inducing cure for people who enjoy their life and up till watching "Showdown" had never contemplated killing themselves with a blowtorch.<br /><br />I don't know if it's just me but the whole homosexual subtext is none too subtle. There are constant references to male genitalia and not by females either. Brandon Lee and Dolphin talk about each other's manly parts and in fact before going on a suicide spree Brandon says to Dolphy "In case we don't make it I want to tell you you have the biggest d--- I've ever seen."<br /><br />Now is this what a normal man would say to another man? In an ACTION film no less? And would you want those to be your _dying words_??<br /><br />Later there's this gem:<br /><br />Dolph (regarding the villain): "I would like to cut off certain parts of his anatomy." Brandon: "Man you've got a fixation." <br /><br />As the guy at RuthlessReviews.com pointed out "Unfortunately Dolph doesn't respond with 'I've got a fixation? I've got a fixation?! You're the one who decided that his last words should be about my privates! I was just gonna chop of his ears and his nose man."<br /><br />This is relentlessly silly stuff and great fun if you're someone who enjoys receiving root canals from unlicensed dentists without novocain. It's about on par. Great fun for the whole family!
critique7906 This movie is awful. It creates characters not in the book and some of them are ethnic or racial stereotypes. Including an obnoxious little Jewish boy and a politically correct little black girl. Not to mention the Yiddish speaking elves. The book was a simple story about belief and this movie is a dark ugly and needlessly scary movie about nothing.<br /><br />The animation is superb but the story has been ruined by Hollywood.<br /><br />The good thing is that this movie will take a bath in the box office and maybe producers will learn to keep from tampering with a story that needs no improvement. Hanks was overdone and i don't see why there couldn't have been other actors' voices be used.
critique7907 Here's yet another movie with dysfunctional lead characters who are totally amoral and yet we're supposed to root for them? Not me. No character in this film was worth a damn.<br /><br />Robin Williams plays car salesman "Joey O'Brien." The man has no class a loser in every moral sense and a guy who thinks he can talk his way out of anything. Knowing Williams' ability to talk he was good for this role. The women in his life are driving him loony too. Some of them aren't much better than him.<br /><br />Tim Robbins plays a similar low-life who starts the take over the film when he fully loaded with explosives crashes into a car dealership showroom and holds people including his wife hostage. Robbins as in normal for him plays a disturbed and ridiculous character. I guess these nut-case roles come easily to these two actors. Gee I wonder why.<br /><br />There is so much yelling and screaming in this the movie that it will give you a headache. Combine those two screamers with the nasal voice of Fran Drescher and you really have an annoying over-the-top cast. This is like listening to chalk on a blackboard for an hour-and- a-half. This is comedy? No this is lame. <br /><br />In fact for a Robin Williams film to only have a dozen reviews posted here tells you something. It's a far cry from his best movie.
critique7908 By all accounts this could have been an interesting film. Featuring a score by the mighty Cradle Of Filth starring their frontman Dani and being hyped up as "the future of British horror" I expected Alex Chandon's gore fest to live up to the hype.<br /><br />I was wrong.<br /><br />Everything about this film is either cliche or inept. The short story anthology setup was done to death (and much better) in the seventies and eighties. Admittedly the idea of 'the sick room' did send a chill down my spine but as with most of the film was let down by bad script writing and acting.<br /><br />Chandon cannot write dialogue. Every sentence with the main police investigator is brim full with swearing and insolence (the typical 'cop on the edge' formula. funny i'm sure i've seen that somewhere else before...) No Chandon you are not Tarantino. Or Scorsese. It sounds BAD. Add ludicrously OTT acting with very dodgy casting (don't get me wrong Dani Filth is a great singer and musician but actor he ain't) and the performances are beyond laughable to the vein burstingly cringing. Give me Bruce Campbell any day.<br /><br />The visual effects are on the whole poor with some atrocious CGI awful gore effects (for goodness sakes Peter Jackson did better and that was over ten years ago with less budget) and editing filters that shriek OVER-USE! As for the often mistimed use of Cradle Of Filth's score... man they should sue.<br /><br />The fundamental problem with Cradle Of Fear is that it takes itself seriously trying to build atmosphere and incite terror and repulsion within its audience. too many good horror films made in the seventies and eighties do this so much better with far superior gore effects (eg: maniac zombie flesh eaters the beyond suspiria etc) rendering Cradle of Fear in my mind second-rate and obsolete.<br /><br />I hope Chandon can learn from this hideous ghoul of a film and go on to make some quality horror that actually scares.<br /><br />Better luck next time.
critique7909 Curse of the Forty-Niner doesn't really deserve a long and detailed review so I'll just make some random observations about it:<br /><br />- Cool opening credits.<br /><br />- No plot.<br /><br />- Is there anyone who's ever seen a horror film before and can't guess within the first 20 minutes who will survive and who will not among this group of walking stereotypes?<br /><br />- Hey that newcomer (Alexandra Ford) is pretty hot!<br /><br />- Richard Lynch (made-up to look about 100 years old) and John Phillip Law have fun tongue-in-cheek cameos.<br /><br />- Karen Black has a bigger role but she's not fun - she's rather embarrassing.<br /><br />- Martin Kove is on-screen for about 40 seconds but still got his name on the video cover. Did they pay him for this appearance or was it the other way around? <br /><br />- I hate cheap computer-generated effects in horror films.<br /><br />*1/2 out of 4.
critique7910 SUcks. That's all I got to say about this sorry excuse for a film. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. I mean what the hell were they thinking? The idiots involved should never be allowed to make another films. The acting was so bad that it even failed to entertain on a bad level. The attempt at a "lesbian scene" was sad. I felt so bad for the ladies involved. This movie sucks! Sucks! Sucks!<br /><br />I heard rumors of a sequel.<br /><br />God<br /><br />Help<br /><br />Us<br /><br />All
critique7911 There's not a drop of sunshine in "The Sunshine Boys" which makes the title of this alleged comedy Neil Simon's sole ironic moment. Simon who adapted the script from his play (which goes uncredited) equates old age with irrational behavior--and worse clumsy galumphing mean-spirited irrational behavior. Walter Matthau is merciless on us playing an aged vaudeville performer talked into reuniting with former comedy partner George Burns for a television special (it's said they were a team for 43 years which begs the question "how long did vaudeville last anyway?"). Burns who won a Supporting Oscar has the misfortune of coming to the film some thirty minutes in after which time Matthau has already blasted the material to hell and back. The noisier the movie gets the less tolerable and watchable it is. Director Herbert Ross only did solid work when he wasn't coupled with one of Neil Simon's screenplays; here Ross sets up gags like a thudding amateur hammering away at belligerent routines which fail to pay off (such as semi-incoherent Matthau showing up at a mechanic's garage to audition for a TV commercial). At this point Matthau was still too young for this role and he over-compensates by slouching and hollering. It was up to Ross and Simon to tone down the character to nuance his temperament to give "The Sunshine Boys" some sunniness yet Walter continues to project as if we'd all gone deaf. The picture looks terribly drab and crawls along at a spiritless pace; one loses hope for it early on. *1/2 from ****
critique7912 Is this a stupid movie? You bet!! I could not find any moment in this film that was creepy or scary. Stupid moments? Plenty. Stupid characters? You bet. Bad effects? Everywhere! Rick Baker may have gone and done bigger and better things this is not one of them. Oh well people gotta start somewhere. Dr. Ted Nelson is cheesed. He is the most whiny doctor I've ever seen. He's got a melting man running amok out in Ventura County somewhere he's not overly happy that his wife is pregnant (probably cause she's 55 years old and weighs 90 lbs) and there's no crackers to be found anywhere. Plus he's got the not-too-helpful general on his hinder wanting to find astronaut Steve. And the local sheriff wants to know what's going on even though Mr. Nelson can't tell him anything. There also some random characters thrown in for good measure who encounter the melting man. Eventually the movie ends and out monster gets scooped into a trash can to become compost. In the end it's just what you need for a great MST episode.
critique7913 I don't know what would be so great about this movie. Even worse why should anyone bother seeing this one ? First of all there is no story. One could say that even without a story a movie could be worth watching because it invokes some sort of strong feeling (laughter cry fear ...) but in my opinion this movie does not do that either.<br /><br />You are just watching images for +/- 2 hrs. There are more useful things to do.<br /><br />I guess you could say the movie is an experiment and it is daring because it lacks all the above. But is this worth 2 hrs of your valuable time and 7 EUR of your money ? For me the answer is: no.
critique7914 Yes in this movie you are treated to multiple little snowmen on the attack in apparently a very warm climate so yes this movie is definitely not to be taken seriously. It is in fact a much worse movie than the original as at least with that one the whole production looked like it cost more than a couple of bucks and a video camera to make. It has its funny moments but really playing off the cheapness of your movie and making that be your intended laughs is kind of weak film making if you ask me. You can not come up with a good story your effects are going to really be bad hey let us just make the movie look as bad as possible with horrible one liners and we have our movie. The first one at least had a somewhat credible story as the snowman in that one attacked during the winter and not what amounts to a resort. It also had better effects too this one is just a step or two ahead of "Hobgoblins" as far as the monsters are concerned and you really want to be more than a step a two above a bunch of hand puppets. Still it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost. Actually I am just kidding but really it was the funniest part of the movie.
critique7915 First off I refuse to even consider this piece of work a Music video... I consider it a short film that uses excerpts of the song "Thriller" in its soundtrack. To me a music video must be no longer than the song itself and the song must play the entire length of the video. Calling this a music video is like calling The Great Gatsby a poem. On top of this... let's face it... "thriller" is a boring 14 minutes including the extremely dated werewolf transformation the mindless Vincent Price poem (just because VP recites it doesn't mean it's not lame) and the least threatening zombies I have ever seen. Sure this was certainly a cultural phenomenon but don't forget this also happened at the same time the A-Team was the #1 show on TV so lets not give the culture too much credit on that one... One last point on this film's impact on the media on music videos... what exactly did this add to the equation that "Billie Jean" and "Beat It" didn't already add? From what I can tell it only added the practice of stopping the song for some dialog or a superfluous dance scene... so you could say that all this video really did was give Puffy the inspiration to make more annoying music videos... Not quite my definition of great
critique7916 o dear god i suffered having to watch this film FOUR times in my sisters house and was it dreadful a story of sex and guns and very cheap unexplained acting unless you are at gunpoint being told to watch this avoid it Ja Rule just proved he cannot act Ving Rhames also gave the most dreadful acting ever in any of his films there was not one part of this film made me laugh or make me jump or feel any emotion i would be surprised people actually enjoyed this i have seem some dreadful films in my life but this would be in my five worst films ever the music in it wasn't good and the storyline i think was made up by a couple of guys who ordered a pizza and just sat down wrote ten bullet points and then made it into a film absolutely dreadful
critique7917 The preposterous premise of this flick has to do with Argentina reclaiming the Falkland Islands having failed through force in 1982 by impregnating the European women inhabitants with Argentinean sperm thereby diluting the ethnic purity until it favored Argentina. Yeah right. The reconnaissance is done by our hero/villan and cad Fabian who hauls his fish-eye camcorder from pillar to post secretly filming his encounters with the Falklanders including his courting and eventual conquest of one woman Camilla. An unfortunate indie and fraudulent documentary this flick favors us with lots of boring tourism shot from the hip....yada yada yada. The film has no plot potential and only begins to become interesting as Fabian and Camilla wend their way through the usual moments of awkwardness and uncertainty as they get from the handshake to the bed. "F*ckland" is only for those cinema purists who can appreciate the bleak no frills jigglecam austerity of Dogme indies.
critique7918 I guess this movie is a fitting tribute to the first Superman filmas it is just as crummy and painfully long as the original.<br /><br />After an opening scene consisting solely of murky intergalactic visuals the credits pay homage to the even-crummy-looking-for-their-time futuristic sweeping credits of the original Superman film.<br /><br />Then there is some more murky stuff. Ma Kent sees some kind of murky ruckus on the farm and spends a good portion of my life slowly walking up to some debris in the cornfield. Then Superman sneaks up on her and faints.<br /><br />Next we catch up with Lex Luthor in a scene about many murky close-ups of an old lady as she dies. We don't see Luthor's face until the end of the scene an early instance of the film's drive to leave no hackneyed stone unturned. Lex Luthor is a guy who doesn't like Superman because he is not human. Also he probably doesn't like humans either as the movie occasionally features some kind of plot about Lex Luthor planning to kill most of Earth's population.<br /><br />After a while Clark Kent shows up back at his old job (I forgot to mention he had been away on a five year trip where nothing happened). Then he finds out Lois Lane has an illegitimate kid and is dating Cyclops. It upsets him so much that he loses control of his super strength to such an extent that he accidentally breaks a picture frame.<br /><br />At this point we see that Miss Lane is on some kind of jet attached to some kind of space shuttle. It is some kind of important event on account of it is on television. Then we learn that there are people in a control room monitoring this event. There are also people watching it on television and there are pilots in the cockpit. The film then reminds us that these people are involved by cutting between them for most of the summer.<br /><br />As the events leading up to the inevitable disaster started to build I excused myself to get a soda. I accidentally walked back into the wrong theater and watched that movie about Al Gore showing slides in its entirety. I tried to find my way back to Superman Returns but I somehow wandered into Prairie Home Companion which I watched twice in a row. Then it was time to stop messing around.<br /><br />I walked back into the first theater found my seat and looked up to see that the impending Lois Lane space shuttle disaster was almost upon us. Still it seemed to be taking forever so I wandered around the theater met a girl got married raised a son and sent him off to college. While attending my son's medical school graduation I remembered that I should probably check in on Superman Returns so I excused myself and raced back to the theater only to learn there was no need to hurry. It still took about another half hour before things went wrong for Space Shuttle Lane. When they did Superman saved everybody which was pretty cool.<br /><br />. And then there is a a subplot where Superman turns really creepy and starts stalking Lois Lane and her family with his x-ray vision and super-hearing. Then he tries to get her to cheat on Cyclops who seems like a good guy.<br /><br />Meanwhile Lex Luthor is involved in some kind of contest to display every possible generic villain behavior before the end of the movie. I forgot to bring my scorecard home with me (they give you one at the door) but I think he scored damn close to one hundred percent. I hope he wins the million dollars.<br /><br />At this point things start to gear up for the big murky finale. I think maybe the projector was broken on account of the movie seemed to be in some kind of loop for a while here. I remember seeing murky things growing out of the water Superman getting sick Superman getting better back to the murky things he's sick again no wait he's okay again.<br /><br />Then Lex Luthor unleashed his final bad guy move: yelling at his girlfriend a little bit.<br /><br />Then Superman died and came back to life. I thought the movie was over so I left.<br /><br />Ninety years later the nursing home where I lived felt a little chilly. I realized I left my sweatshirt back in the theater and I went to retrieve it. When I did I was slightly surprised to find that Superman Returns wasn't over yet. I tried to ask some of the viewers what I missed but most of them were only skeletons with long gray beards by now.<br /><br />I sat back in my old seat and watched as Lois Lane puttered around her house for a while. Then Superman showed up and started quoting the beginning of the movie and since I already saw that part I thought it was okay to leave.<br /><br />So that is my review of Superman Returns.<br /><br />Oh also if you like jokes about people eating dogs or jokes about one dog eating another dog you will love this movie. On account of there are two jokes like that in it.
critique7919 Dear Mr Dante <br /><br />Dude seriously... the title of the show is "Masters of Horror". And be that as it may it is supposed to be an opportunity to show of your horror chops to show the world why you deserve to be called a "master" of the genre. Appearantly you misunderstood the exercise. Appearantly you thought it was your opportunity (or worse your duty) to educate the American public on your political beliefs. And your attempt comes off as disgusting overbearing and above all preachy.<br /><br />The only reason ANYONE marked your short as a high score is because their political views match yours and they are the type of people that don't mind having that sort of politics shoved down their throat.<br /><br />I on the other hand don't give a damn what you believe they believe or I believe... I just want such obvious (not subtle) and unfunny (not satire) messages out of my horror. And while there were certainly other "Masters of Horror" that were big time disappointments or where I was just generally confused why that director (william malone?) would be considered a genre "master"... yours fails far beyond the rest for just missing the entire point of the series.<br /><br />So next time... can you please just keep your preachy politics to yourself?
critique7920 As a nice anecdote to one of the above comments: In was in Mumbai about two weeks before the release of this movie I was approached -being white- to dub some of the lines of this movie in a recording studio.<br /><br />While I speak German as well i was kindly asked to do all dubbing scenes in English otherwise it would be too confusing for the Indian audience... So therefore all Germans in this movie actually speak English! funny enough i did multiple characters so if you would want to actually spoil some time by watching the movie again listen carefully; <br /><br />all non-Indian characters are only done by 4 voices! . . . .
critique7921 How offensive! Those who liked this movie have probably never opened a bible. I can imagine those at NBC saying "OK. Let's make a movie to appease those pesky Christians but they'll never know the difference if we don't have anything factual or in the correct chronological order." Well they were wrong. Anybody associated with this atrocity needs to find a church and repent for their involvement in this blasphemous atrocity. I only gave this movie a 1 because I couldn't give it a 0.
critique7922 OK I watched this movie. Someone needs to kick me. WHY must the Olsen twins insist on subjecting the world to this putrid torture? This was another movie of watching the Olsen twins travel to an exotic location meet some cute guyslook pretty and have everyone drooling over them.the directionthe plot developmentugh the acting. i don't know about the U.S. but in my country it is considered extremely stupid to hop onto the bike of a guy u met like10 minutes back. though i'm now convinced that these girls will never learn to act i really hope that one day we'll get to watch a movie with an originaleven slightly plausible plot.
critique7923 !!!! MILD SPOILERS !!!!<br /><br />With the exception of THE TERMINATOR and TOTAL RECALL I don`t think Arnie`s action/adventure movies are up to much . They`re better than his comedies for sure but that`s hardly saying much . The problem I have with his all action blockbusters is that they`re overblown and lacking in any sort of morality <br /><br />Morality ? I mentioned in my review of TERMINATOR 2 the scene where good guy Terminator blows the kneecaps off the SWAT team . Are we to think that because the hero maims people doing their job instead of killing them we will admire him in someway ? This is the problem with ERASER  when James Cann`s character is revealed as a traitor within the US Marshal department Arnie`s character John Kruger goes on the run with a witness he`s protecting but in several later sequences Kruger kills a fairly large amount of marshals working with the villain . Are we take it they were all traitors too ? Surely many of them were honest men who were trying to stop Kruger because the bad guy told them Kruger was the traitor ? It`s a rather uneasy thought that Kruger killed several people who were trying to genuinely up hold the law <br /><br />Despite costing one hundred million dollars the special effects aren`t all that impressive . Look at the scene where Kruger lets go of the jet wing and scrambles to put on a parachute . It`s obvious as the action intercuts that it`s a stuntman who`s doing the free fall sequence while Arnie is in a studio in front of a blue screen . ERASER is also a film that has unnecessary CGI featuring killer alligators  not only unnecessary CGI but unconvincing CGI too . There`s also a few plot holes like in the opening scene involving a couple of witness protection people that the mob has caught up with . Kruger opens a car trunk and pulls out a couple of bodies and starts a fire thereby throwing the mob of the scent . Kruger is next seen rearranging the dental records via computer of the couple he`s saved . It would be logical to do this but would ALL the couples dental records be kept on computer ? Most importantly of all are we to believe the US Marshal department keep a freezer full of bodies for such events ?<br /><br />So they`re you go  a typical Arnie thriller long on unlikely set pieces and short on intelligence and it`s interesting to note that ERASER didn`t make much of a profit at the box office as the production costs almost outweighed a potential audience figure . After ERASER Arnie didn`t do much more business at the box office save for TERMINATOR 3 : RISE OF THE MACHINES which was an event movie and it`ll be interesting to see if he`ll be remembered as a politician rather than a movie star
critique7924 Miscast badly directed and atrociously written this is watchable if you have an hour or two to kill or are suffering from insomnia but only just. Robert Carlyle fully realises his potential as an actor of supreme mediocrity with only one expression to his repertoire (that of a chronically constipated football hooligan nursing a crippling inferiority complex) which he manages at times to alter slightly by flaring his nostrils and baring a row of skewed yellow teeth (this to indicate anger tenderness grief surprise horror hilarity compassion etc.) In his role as "the best marine engineer in the UK" and son of a university professor he is about as convincing as my neighbour's cat. Tom Courtenay equally miscast slurring and mistiming every line appears permanently soused to the eyeballs and would seem no more able to tell a flood from a puddle of his own urine if he were standing in it. All in all another silly attempt on the part of the British to imitate Hollywood pulp at its most rubbishy. The dialogue is a series of badly-delivered clichÃƒÂ©s; the action is disjointed; the plot is pointless and amputated; and the characters if you can call them that do not even make it into the basic two-dimensional sphere of their American counterparts.
critique7925 It took me a few years to hunt down this title a major staple of my childhood. Almost every trip to the video shop I'd pick out Space Raiders and watch it three times every time my mother rented it for me. It was I suppose my Star Wars.<br /><br />It's a shame then that it's such a stinker. My memories were so hazy that it offered nothing in terms of nostalgia so I had to take it at face value. A crew of space pirates accidentally kidnap a pretty annoying little kid and spend the rest of the movie trying to get him home.<br /><br />Aimed squarely at the under-tens it's got unwelcome slapstick very shoddy costumes and make-up recycled special effects wobbly sets and poor acting. But even with the unintentional comedy it's no fun to see it as an adult where I can pick out not just the technical faults but wonder at how spectacularly the writer and director managed to botch an endless stream of no-brainer fun/powerful moments that have been seen in a million other sci-fi movies and in the hands of anyone remotely competent should have been successful.<br /><br />I imagine as a kid I probably found it quite empowering - there are lots of "I can't do this I'm just a kid" "Sure you can kiddo you just have to try!"-type exchanges; the kid drinks beer etc. but even by low budget 1983 sci-fi standards this one's pretty awful with a real snoozer of a "finale".
critique7926 Froggie is upset that he never has a big party like all the other kids. Spanky and the gang seek to remedy that by giving him a surprise party. Unaware that all the decorations and preparations are for him Froggy sabotages everything only to find out too late that the party is for him.<br /><br />Okay Our Gang comedy works in fits and starts. The bits work but I don't think it really works as a whole. Part of the problem is that we all know where this is going and since much of the humor needs to have some form of surprise for it to work the whole thing falls down. I think in a weird way the film just sort of misses. Its the type of thing that had they actually thought about it might have amounted to something more than a misfire. Worth trying if you lower your expectations
critique7927 My favorite quote from Crow was when the car was going off the cliff "The movie is so bad even the car wants to get out of it!"<br /><br />This had to be the funniest movie I have ever seen. It was seriously out there to scare you which makes it even funnier! If it weren't for Mystery Science Theater I wouldn't be here today! :-P
critique7928 There are just so many things wrong with this movie.<br /><br />Jeff Bridges weird accent.<br /><br />Rita's ability to crack the password code <br /><br />The entire script <br /><br />The ending - esp the last scene when two coffees are brought to the table for Jeff and Rita and the publisher. J & R laugh and say "We don;t drink coffee anymore". Well why did they order it then??? They obviously did. If they didn't and the waiter brought everyone a coffee by default there would have been three coffees.<br /><br />Total Tosh.
critique7929 This show has been performed live around the country with a wide variety of casts. I saw it first in the Provincetown production the first summer it was in P-town (2001)--before it was curiously enough banned in that overwhelmingly gay resort (the codes which resulted in its closing have since been amended). I saw it again later in the off-Broadway long-running production in New York. Oddly enough the P-town production was far better than the New York one--fresher cuter more spirited and funnier--but that was only in the 2001 showing; subsequent attempts to clone the production ("Bare Naked Lads" in 2007) were definitely third-rate. This filmed production features a Los Angelos production cast and it is as other comments have suggested not the best. I would rate it somewhere in between the top-notch 2001 P-town production and the third-rate "Bare Naked Lads" P-town show from last summer.
critique7930 If it wasn't for the terrific music I would not hesitate to give this cinematic underachievement 2/10. But the music actually makes me like certain passages and so I give it 5/10.
critique7931 Before I'd seen this I had seen some pretty bad Christmas films. But once I saw this "Jingle All the Way" looked better than "The Godfather". "Santa Claus" is a jolly film about Santa helping out some kids but it almost feels demonic watching it. Santa's jolly ho-ho-ho is replaces by an evil devilish laugh that I'm sure has turned many kids off of Christmas. The plot of this massacre is very strange which fits along with all of the performances and dialog. Santa lives high above Earth in the North Pole where he and kids from all around the world get ready for Christmas. But Santa has an enemy named Pitch or Satan. Pitch tries to ruin Santa's Christmas by making three boys naughty and by creating diversions like moving the chimney and making the doorknob hot. When Pitch causes Santa to be attacked by a dog it's up to Santa's helper Pedro and Merlin the wizard to get Santa out of this pickle. <br /><br />Everything about this film along with being downright bad is so bizarre. Satan dances a lot and he actually seems much more merry than Santa. Santa talks about delivering presents to all the boys and girls yet he seems to only deliver to 5 houses of kids in Mexico. The reindeer are wind up toys and when the reindeer laughs I'm amazed it doesn't bring tears to kid's eyes...it's frightening. Everything is terrible. The first 10 minutes are simply Santa playing the organ while kids sing to it. Probably one of the strangest scenes is Santa shooting Pitch in the butt with a mini-cannon and uproariously laughing about it while Pitch dances around in pain. I think parents are better off telling their little kids about where babies come from than showing them this. The only positive is it will have you laughing hysterically if you can appreciate bad cinema.<br /><br />My rating: BOMB/****. 85 mins.
critique7932 I think this is almost all I need to say. I feel obliged to explain my actions though. I've basically never seen such an armateur production and I mean that in all senses of the word. Although the physical camera work boom MIC operation and other technical aspects of this film are laughable unfortunately its not the only areas.<br /><br />Unlike some classic independent films that have been saved by their scripts great characterization and plot this unfortunately has an awful script awful acting and worst of all awful annoying characters.<br /><br />It's a crime that for the every independent film that gets distribution like Haiku Tunnel there's a 101 other indie films that died silent deaths. I don't know who the Kornbluth brothers know at Sony but that can be my only explanation as to how this amateur family production ever got distribution. I'm quite bemused as to why they picked this up.<br /><br />The ONLY part of this film that holds out any intrigue is its title. However the reason for that is even a let down. I hope this review will save a few people that may be intrigued by this films title from going to watch it. I've seen a lot of films in my time and I'm very forgiving when in the cinema but this was too much. I'll never forget 'tunnel' for marking an important point in my life experience of cinema. Shame it's such a low point.<br /><br />
critique7933 Yeah unfortunately I came across the DVD of this and found that it was incredibly awful.<br /><br />First of all the characters suck. I mean come on if some dork in an orange hat who calls himself 'Orange Sherbert' is the best creative idea these guys could come up for a character then they should definitely not be in the film-making scene. Poor "costumes" bad "interviews" and basically there is not one "wrestler" on this whole disc with any shred of charisma.<br /><br />The "wrestling" in Splatter Rampage Wrestling is nothing more than these idiots gently and playfully bouncing together on a trampoline. They make sure to giggle together all the while too making the experience seem more like a toddler's playtime than a "wrestling deathmatch".<br /><br />Basically Splatter Rampage Wrestling is a pretty lackluster Backyard Wrestling clone. Only instead of blood weapons mayhem and WRESTLING we get a trampoline giggling kids TERRIBLE audio and some guy called Orange Sherbert.<br /><br />Wrestling fan or not avoid this DVD. It's awful.
critique7934 It became apparent in the first 25 mins of watching this that the writers really wanted to make a feature length film and they probably certainly enjoyed the whole process but then seemed to forget the fact that it needed a decent plot! If the best they could do was have 3 of the dullest characters enter the real world and have 'all sorts of amusing capers' then they should have left well alone! I didn't laugh once and that whole "Adventures of Baron Munchausen/Time Bandits" thing going on in the middle was very very poor! Convaluted contrived and very loose. It just seemed like a whistle stop tour of anything they thought 'might' work just to drag it out to a feature.<br /><br />Full of holes eg - the Royston Vasey characters needed the writers to carry on writing in order to save them yet Jeff managed to write himself into the sub-story/time-filling William and Mary and era. If he could do this then why didn't they just carry on writing Royston themselves - duh?? And Herr Lipp's audition? What was that for? I mean what was the point? He did it and we heard nothing else whatsoever about it? <br /><br />My main point is that while I loved the series this was an ill thought out seemingly rushed project. Put it this way the plot was so poor that if we didn't already know the characters (and as a fan I had a certain loyalty to carry on watching) and we relied solely on the the story itself this would have fallen flat on its face! At best it would have gone straight to video and at worst would never have been made in the first place! Or maybe that should be the other way round?? Truly dreadful....
critique7935 I saw this movie on mystery science theater when it was called "It lives by night". That title is much less misleading than "Batpeople". In fact it would more accurately be called Batperson. This movie is about a doctor who studies bats I am thinking because he wants to make a better cure for rabies. This is not really clear. What is clear is that he and his wife take a tour of a cave and he gets bitten by a bat. Why a scientist needs to take a tour to study bats is beyond me. Shouldn't he be able to go in by himself. Well after being bitten he and his wife go on their honeymoon where he starts having fits. They go to the worst doctor ever. The guy stays in the hospital and kills a nurse. In the end the guy kills 3-4 people and his wife stands by him and you are supposed to be rooting for him instead of the sheriff investigating the murders.
critique7936 The original Australian Kath & Kim is brilliant. Why do American producers need to remake & ruin yet another classic show? Remember the original version of "The Office" with Ricky Gervais It was an absolute masterpiece and there was no need to remake it. The producers said that the British humour from "The Office" and the Australian humour from "Kath & Kim" would not translate to an American audience......... WHAT??? So basically they are saying that Americans are too dumb and stupid to understand the jokes so they need to remake the shows with over-the-top childish gags so that the Americans can understand the humour. The original Australian version of Kath & Kim is fantastic and very funny. Avoid the American version like the plague!!
critique7937 On Humphrey Bogart's first trip to Hollywood he got his first leading man role in this B picture Love Affair. The first thing you ought to realize is that this film has absolutely nothing to do with the classic Love Affair later in the decade with Charles Boyer and Irene Dunne or the two remakes that followed. It's not half as good any of those films.<br /><br />In fact Bogey is second billed to Dorothy Mackaill as a spoiled heiress who finds out she's been living her extravagant lifestyle courtesy of her late father's best friend and financial adviser Hale Hamilton. It comes as quite a shock to Mackaill. She considers a show business career as a way for an income.<br /><br />Bogart is a test pilot who is also an aeronautical engineer and he's designing an ultimate airplane motor and is looking for investors. Mackaill is willing to do it besides she likes what she sees in Bogey.<br /><br />Considering the cynical roles that Bogart later made a specialty it's a bit disconcerting to see him as this highly moral and self righteous character in Love Affair. The part doesn't wear well on him.<br /><br />Love Affair is your average B program second feature nothing terribly special about it.
critique7938 I felt I had to add a comment after seeing the breathless gushing of the other comment. I was taken to see this film as a child by my unknowing parents expecting a normal Norman Wisdom jolly romp comedy. Instead what you get is this insipid British sex comedy of the worst kind where Norman (Norman!) plays a swinger aiming to get off with as many 'birds' as possible. Absolutely typical of the genre - poorly filmed and acted no semblance of a script beyond the worst kind of double-entendre and very vague hints of 'naughtiness'. And all seemingly on that special grainy film stock that is reserved for 1960's-1970's British low budget films. About the only memorable thing is the annoyingly catchy theme tune which still pops up in my brain after 30-odd years.<br /><br />Finally in the last scene you also get to see Norman naked - running across the sand and looking frozen. I think so anyway- at that point my mother hauled me out of the cinema. I saw it again many years later and guess what it was still dire.<br /><br />If you're any fan or take any interest in the little man and his career you'll apply the '10-foot-bargepole' rule to this. Believe me you do not need to see Norman Wisdom's backside.
critique7939 First of all I'd like to say I am a teenager so this is all marketed towards me and I can safely say that iCarly very poor programing and the fact that it's accepted among both genders baffles me. It contains some of the worst attempts at comedy I've ever witnessed with mediocre acting to boot. The supposed humor within the show is all based on saying someone's lines again with poor sarcasm poor sarcasm saying bad one-liners and well you get the picture. Also I should mention that I do still watch Spongebob which I know I'll get a negative backlash for but that's quality programming with some honestly funny moments in it less we forget something iCarly's missing; WIT. The show's about a young girl Carly putting on a web-show with her friends which I can say is without a doubt a nicer version of the internet. That's fine but the show's just...well not funny at all as previously stated. If this is what children's programming has come to today parents show them something that's ACTUALLY funny; Spongebob or Rocco's Modern Life would work.<br /><br />Also compared to it's brothering show Drake & Josh it's terrible which was implied. Seriously please watch something worthwhile. Even for a children's show it's poor.
critique7940 Prison is set in Wyoming where work on a new prison has hit a problem so the state board decide to re-open an old state penitentiary that has been closed for 20 years Warden Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is put in charge. 200 odd prisoners are shipped in & they are put to work fixing the rundown prison up including Burke (Viggo Mortensen) who is ordered to break into the old execution chamber he duly obliges but when he penetrates the bricked up door an intense beam of light shoots out & all the electrics gas & fire around the prison goes crazy for a few minutes. Burke has unwittingly unleashed a deadly evil force which is in the mood for some killing & no-one is safe...<br /><br />Directed by Renny Harlin I thought Prison was a poor late 80's horror flick that seemed to forget about the small point of having a story. The script was by Empire Pictures regular C. Courtney Joyner who was responsible for writing such 'classics' as Class of 1999 (1990) Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) & Puppet Master vs. Demonic Toys (2004) amongst other low budget horror crap that even I haven't heard of & seems to take itself very seriously. The biggest problems I have with Prison are that it's far too slow it's over 30 minutes into the film before the 'evil force' is even released although the pace does pick up towards the end but by then it was too little too late as far as I was concerned then there's the fact there's no discernible storyline here at all. For a start it never tries to explain why there's an 'evil force' bricked up in the old execution chamber it never explains why this force decides to kill random inmates when it's supposed to be out on a revenge mission or why it just doesn't kill Warden Sharpe straight away no explanation is given to where Burke fits into it even though he looks exactly the same as the prisoner who was electrocuted & has come back there's no real explanation as to how the Warden is connected to everything that's going on apart from two early nightmare sequences in which he seems to be remembering something although it's never revealed what it is or why. To be honest I couldn't really give you a plot synopsis as the film doesn't have a rigid story which it follows all the way through. The character's are dull & forgettable the murders are few & far between the pacing is way off the whole film is a mess & even ghosts can't shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. A less than satisfactory way to spend 100 odd minutes there really are better things you could be doing.<br /><br />Director Harlin's full American flick debut he does a good job & there's a decent atmosphere but after over an hour of constant drab dull dark prison cells & corridors I started to get bored. I just think the look of the film is far too repetitive bland & frankly lifeless. I didn't think it was scary & the gore is pretty tame apart from the best moment in the entire film when a police guard gets killed when a load of barb wire wraps itself around his body & face with a nice close up of his throat being torn open. Other than that there's a burnt corpse & a mangled body which falls from the ceiling & very little else. There is a scene when the Warden burns all the prisoner mattresses in front of them & then makes them stand all night in their underwear in the yard I was watching this scene & thought that you'd never get away with doing something like that. Over here prisoners have rights & if the Warden did something like that there would be a national outcry from all those humanitarians & every prisoner would sue the Warden the prison service & the Government for everything they had & they'd win!<br /><br />With a supposed budget of about $4000000 Prison actually had a pretty healthy budget although it doesn't really look like it on screen sure there's a decent cast & the few special effects that are included are good but overall it's set in the same location with limited ambition. Prison was actually shot in a real Wyoming state prison so it certainly looks the business. The acting is alright Prison proves that sometimes Hollywood stars not only have one crap horror film skeleton in their closets but in the case of Mortensen he has two with this & the awful The Return of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1994) both of which I'm sure he'd like to forget about...<br /><br />Prison is a dull lifeless colourless & humourless waste of 100 minutes despite one good gore scene I didn't like it at all as I actually prefer my films to have a story rather than seemingly random events & incidents cobbled together with no narrative sense.
critique7941 Yeah there's a "sleeper" watching Sleeper Cell and it was me. After reading comparisons to "24" (like on the cover of the DVD) I expected a fast-paced action romp. But nope... this series just putts along. In my groggy half-awake state I would think "He's gonna... " and poof it would happen... "Guess that van is gonna roll off the... " and there she goes.<br /><br />And so on.<br /><br />And why would Darwyn in extra-deep cover pursue a babe? Could it be perhaps to provide a little T&A? Hey that works for me hence four stars rather than three.<br /><br />This show is no "24". I've watched "24". Sleeper Cell you're no "24".
critique7942 This is by far the worst movie i have ever seen. Its been a few years since I saw it and nothing has come close since then and i doubt that there ever will be a movie produced that is as bad as this. It tries to make fun of a variety of different movies for example 'Nell' (!) and instead of funny its just pathetic. Whatever you do don't rent or by this garbage and if someone throws it at you....turn around and run the other way!!
critique7943 Peter Sellers plays Dick Scratcher (haha) a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one. Although he's witnessed a treasure being buried he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank. Thus Dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts (do you place an ad for that?) and help lead a path to the treasure. It's mind boggling how anyone could have bankrolled this pointless film. Former Goon Spike Milligan replaced Medak as director and given Medak's talents in the film The Ruling Class you can probably guess which of the grainy poorly lit scenes had Milligan in the director's chair. Peter Boyle makes a brief appearance in the film's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain. He's probably quite thankful that Young Frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed and canned so that he can keep this off his resume. Franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-Scratcher but he and Seller both look pretty desperate with even Sellers' makeup and hair looking quite terrible. They had to know this movie was bombing even as they were filming it. With lines like these I can understand any possible unease:<br /><br />PIERRE: (about to be hanged) You'll pay for this.<br /><br />SCRATCHER: No I won't. I'll do it for free.<br /><br />And that's one of the GOOD jokes. It's amazing to me that much of Sellers prolific material is still in the vaults but this was made available on VHS more than 15 years ago! How about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the US the well-received British TV program "A Show Called Fred" starring Sellers Milligan and directed by the great Richard Lester?
critique7944 I felt obliged to watch this movie all the way through since I had found it in a bargain bin and bought it for my own but I came close many times to turning it off and just writing off the money I had paid for it. If you are a fan of gore and sadism this movie is OK. If there is one thing that the makers of this film know it is the creative use of fake blood and body parts for a sickening effect. If that doesn't thrill you then stay away.<br /><br />This movie is shot on a home video camera with grade school props and terrible actors. It's dubbed from German but even allowing for that the sound is awful. This film is about as budget as budget gets except for the aforementioned special effects. If they had spent a little more money on actors and a real script instead of blood and guts the film might have been a little more enjoyable.<br /><br />The story is about three men that land on an island inhabited by an army of tin-masked sadists. They are captured and the rest of the movie is about their attempt to escape. I call this a story in the loosest sense since it is really a series of scenes of torture and combat strung together by inane obscenity-filled dialog.<br /><br />There is nothing whatsoever redeeming about this movie unless you like mindless gore. Consider yourself warned.
critique7945 I was at Wrestlemania VI in Toronto as a 10 year old and the event I saw then was pretty different from what I saw on the Wrestlemania Collection DVD I just watched. I don't understand how the wwE doesn't have the rights to some of the old music since most of those songs were created by the WWF they shouldn't have to worry about the licensing and royalty fees that prevent shows like SNL from releasing season sets. Its pretty stupid to whine about but for me hearing Demolition come out to their theme music at a Wrestlemania in person was a memory that I never forgot and it didn't exist on this DVD. What is the point of them even owning the rights to this huge library of video if they have to edit it so drastically to use it?
critique7946 Well the Sci-Fi channel keeps churning these turkeys out... and they seem to get worse every time. When normally good actors like John Rhys-Davies and Giancarlo Espositto come off as rank amateurs you can imagine how abysmal the REST of the cast in this waste-of-your-time effort is. The only halfway decent thing is the rubber outfit of the creature(which is glimpsed in such quick flashes that you don't really have time to see how phony it really is). The dialogue...the plot...if this "movie"(and I use the term loosely) was food Jack-In-The-Box would be a gourmet meal compared to this. Watch a re-run of "The Munsters" for the 372nd viewing- your time would be better spent(and a lot scarier as well)!
critique7947 OK I would give this a 1 but I'm gonna give it a two because I laughed while watching this film...First of all I can make a much better movie than this one...in a week...The special effects made this film look like a joke. One shouldn't make such films with horrible special effects because then people won't take it seriously. The acting and direction was also horrible. The screenplay had many plot holes and the whole film wasn't believable at all. This has to be the worst Indian film ever. The songs were also bad. The acting was bad and artificial. Need I say more. Don't watch this movie unless you are curious to see how bad it is. That's why I watched it. I am going into film and I wanted to see how bad a bad film can get. Trust me I watched one of the worst films in history if not THE worst film.
critique7948 I really wanted to like this movie but it never gave me a chance. It's basically meant to be Spinal Tap with a hip hop theme but it fails miserably. It consistently feels like it was written and acted by high-school kids for some school project and that's also the level the humor seems to be aimed at. There is no subtlety and more damningly for a mockumentary it never once feels like a documentary. And while the lines aren't funny in the first place an attempt at dead-pan delivery would have helped -- certainly anything would be better than the shrill overacting we are subjected to.<br /><br />I'd recommend this to people who like "comedies" in the vein of "Big Momma's House" or "Norbit"; people who think that words like "butt" are inherently hysterically funny. Other people should stay away and not waste their time.
critique7949 Just been on sci-fi channel UK 5th July its was ****. Shame on JRD! May be he was bored one week ! He cant be skint after LOTR. I suppose he wasn't to blame. Mr Sheppird was. I turned off after 50 minutes couldn't bear it. The cgi ship was bad and the creature looked like a large 5 foot bat. Who funded this project? I think the whole thing must have cost $250 bucks. Avoid at all costs don't think about buying the DVD if they release one I cant imagine they would spend dollars on producing one. Lets hope someone makes a decent Chupra film and a decent BIGFOOT movie. Sasquatch was okay poor Lance. Its a shame a big studio and direct wont risk it no more super hero films please!
critique7950 There's something intriguing about disaster movies. The simple primal premise can lead to several great stories. Granted most disaster movies tend to explore familiar territory instead but I can usually live with that.<br /><br />Unfortunately Flood probably marks the low point in the history of this sub-genre. Robert Carlyle is undoubtedly the star of the movie even though screen time is split between different locations and characters. He gives a barely decent performance. As well Joanne Whalley is very uneven. Veteran actor Tom Courtenay (he played in Doctor Zhivago for heaven's sake) is particularly bad. I mean his timing is completely off most of the time and his characterization is extremely poor. What an embarrassing performance for that man. The rest of the cast ranges from decent to really bad with one exception: Jessalyn Gilsig whom I thought might be there as a plot device/eye candy gives by far the most convincing performance. Doesn't mean much considering how bad everybody else is but still nice to see that she cared.<br /><br />The script is really bad confusing and clichÃƒÂ©. Some of the worse lines I have heard in quite some time are delivered by the actors one after the other.You've seen this story a thousand times. It employs every dramatic hook and tear-jerkers you've seen in "Outbreak" "Armageddon" the Poseidon movies (original and remake) and many others.<br /><br />The direction is awful. No sense of timing nothing inspired. The shots are bland dialog and action both fail to flow. Editing is bad but how do you edit such a mess? Without a doubt this movie tried to rely way too much on (rather poor) CGI. The human factor the drama and struggles of the characters are glossed over. Scenes where the characters must actually face the flood are rare and poorly done. The made-for-TV feel gives nausea. Some guy is supposed to go down a rope from an helicopter? No problem let's show him inside a helicopter and make a really poor cut/editing job and have the next frame with him safely on the ground in the most obvious way possible.<br /><br />The movie score is rather poor. All over the place no timing.<br /><br />The ending is probably the worse I have seen in quite some time. Very much like they ran out of ideas. Scrap that you can't run out of something if you never had it in the first place. Must have ran out of budget.<br /><br />This is a really amateur job. I give it a 2 for using London as a location which is a nice change for Gilsig being actually decent in a key support role and for the few CGI shots that were decent (those of the water closing in on London and the gates).<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and check out Day After Tomorrow or just about any disaster movie before this one. This includes older classics like The Towering Inferno.
critique7951 The director Sidney J. Furie has created in Hollow Point a post-modern absurdist masterpiece that challenges and constantly surprises the audience. <br /><br />Sidney J. Furie dares to ask the question of what happens to the tired conventional traditionalist paradigms of 'plot' and 'characterisation' when you remove the crutches of 'motivation' and 'reason'. <br /><br />The result leads me to say that my opinion of him could not possibly get any higher.<br /><br />One and a half stars.<br /><br />P.S. Nothing in this movie makes any sense the law enforcement agents are flat out unlikeable and the organised criminals are full on insane.
critique7952 What Fox's fascination with dysfunctional families made up of mean obnoxious spoiled kids and parents who are determined to be cool as opposed to being a parent?? I'm sorry I don't get it. The one episode that I was barely able to stomach watching involved one of the kids demanding a Bar Mitzvah with the intention of getting thousands of dollars in gift money. Of course the idiot mother decides that her precious little junior has to have the biggest and bes-test party of all and has no problem dropping 20 grand on the big event. The ditzy brain dead boy crazy teenage daughter bounces back and forth between wanting to be Jewish and then Catholic when she see's the "cute" religious tutors.<br /><br />The one borderline "heartwarming" moment in the entire episode was when the putz of a father who has been convinced the entire time that the Bar Mitzvah is solely a money making scheme see's the son studying his Hebrew lessons and is momentarily duped into thinking that perhaps his conniving offspring is being sincere about the right of passage into manhood. This warm fuzzy feeling is immediately ripped out of his chest when he informs junior that since he has not yet had a bris a certain "procedure" needs to be performed. The Bar Mitzvah is called off and the mother is out several thousands of dollars when the kid refuses to comply.<br /><br />This show is garbage and I am saddened that I shall never get back the 23 minutes of my life I wasted watching this piece of crap because nothing else was on TV ...
critique7953 I bought this on VHS as "Terror Hospital" and when I got home I checked IMDb and was like OMG it's the legendary "Nurse Sherri"!!! So here's another one from Al Adamson who had clearly learned some minuscule amount about film-making since the "Blood of Dracula's Castle" days. Where that earlier effort is a more or less totally sclerotic lump this one mixes it up a little adding a definite element of variety and surprise amid the incompetence. Sure half of the movie is a blind post-op football player shooting the breeze with his stacked nurse but at any moment we might be cutting away to the cackling disembodied head of the satanist mastermind or Nurse Sherri running a farmer through with a pitchfork or a wee bit of abstract student-film quick cutting to go with the pulsing-blob effects in the possession scene or the most gratuitously half-hearted topless bit ever or god knows what else (I forget to be honest). As dumb-ass pieces of sh*t go this one runs toward the high end. Congrats Al.
critique7954 Well I'm a huge fan and follower of Elizabeth Berkley. I bought this on DVD off of eBay for my boyfriends birthday. We sat down to watch it and it was so boring. I don't remember laughing once. It's only on for about an hour and half and it seemed to take forever to end. Elizabeth is great in this though. Maybe it's just because I'm a big Elizabeth Berkley fan though. If she wasn't in it I wouldn't have watched it but every time she came on my face lit up. Unfortunately even Elizabeth couldn't save this film. Just the overall story and awful comedy makes this a film you'd rather miss than waste an hour and a half of your life. It's a very forgetful film.
critique7955 First of all I'd like to say that I love the "Ladies' Man" sketch on SNL. I always laugh out loud at Tim Meadows' portrayal of Leon Phelps. However there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a feature-length movie. Watching Leon doing his show and making obscene comments to his listeners and coming up with all sorts of segments for his show like "The Ladies Man Presents..." which is reminiscent of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents..." is absolutely hilarious. There's a great episode where Cameron Diaz role-plays Monica Lewinski and Leon plays Bill and they call it "The Oral Office." See that's funny!!! <br /><br />In the movie we don't see Leon on the show too often. In fact he gets kicked out of almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his quest for true love involving a mystery letter that got dropped off at his houseboat signed by "Sweet Thing." Karyn Parsons who is famous for playing Hillary on "Fresh Prince of Bel Air" works with him on the show and has a secret crush on Leon. The movie just piles on one boring subplot after another. And the gags are boring as well. The first time we see Leon mention the word "wang" it's pretty funny. When he uses it over and over again supposedly trying to get a laugh the joke has run dry. Most of the jokes he uses in the film are jokes we heard before and done better on the SNL sketch and played out tediously for a whole hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to insert a musical number by Will Ferrell and his gang of Ladies' Man haters who all want to destroy him because their wives had an affair with him to bring some life into this witless comedy. Ferrell has some funny moments and tries to make the best out of an otherwise unfunny role. Ferrell just has that unique comic talent and he's funny at almost anything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a cameo. Watching her you can't but wonder "What the hell is an Oscar-winning actress doing in this movie??!!!!" Her name wasn't mentioned in the opening credits--probably by her consent. And of course a movie of this theme has to include the Master of Love himself Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is charismatic as always but even he can't breathe enough life into this film. I also have to add that the soundtrack is full of soft R & B hits which impairs the film even more giving it a horribly downbeat tone--as if the script isn't boring enough. I mean this is "supposed" to be a comedy. The soundtrack would've been appropriate for something like "Love Jones." <br /><br />"The Ladies Man" only has sporadic laughs. There are exceptions in which SNL can produce a great movie out of a short sketch. Watch both of the "Wayne's World" movies and you'll see how it's done. But this movie just like adapting Mary Catherine Gallagher's character to screen in "Superstar" shows the flip side. Some sketches are meant to be remembered on SNL and not on the silver screen.<br /><br />My score: 3 (out of 10)
critique7956 My expectations were high after seeing the trailer. They were even higher when i saw the movie had the same director as independance day and godzilla. The special effects in independence day were much better then in this movie. The whole movie I was waiting for the spiders to show up. The rest of the storyline was really boring. And when the spiders came they had a very amateuristic look like the special effects were from a movie made in the 60's. I didn't watch the whole movie. When it was played for about one hour I switched off my DVD-player. I watch 3 movies almost every night and I have never walked away from a movie even if it was that boring. The only thing good in this movie was the pretty sheriff :) That's why I voted 2 instead of 1 :) So don't go see this one instead you should go out and rent Starship Troopers it's like the same only 10.000 times better.
critique7957 This vicious little film is horrendous. My low rating for it comes for two main reasons. The first is that it is an animal snuff film and I find that whole concept so vile it turns my stomach. Filmed over a hundred years ago I can only hope that we've evolved into something a little more humane and compassionate. This film is complete and utter exploitation made to cash in on the sensational aspects of the film and the subject. Historical interest aside this is something to watch only if one finds themselves in the grip of morbid fascination.<br /><br />Reason number two? Look at the way that the camera is set up. It is placed in the best possible location to fully capture the full effect: long march forward of the elephant perfect view of the electrocution platform and a cold and clinically dispassionate viewpoint of the elephant with smoke coming out of it before it finally collapses. Sickening.<br /><br />Thomas Edison did many great things for civilization and his talents and intelligence aren't in doubt. Nobody is perfect but when you realize that this film provided A) an opportunity for him to trump early cinematic competitors with a sensationalist film of an elephant being electrocuted and B) he filmed the execution to demonstrate the greater effectiveness of DC as opposed to AC you can't help but wonder if the scientist in him was a little TOO dispassionate and cold. Any number of Peter Cushing's mad scientists would be proud. The rest of us should be ashamed and revolted.
critique7958 The movie is boring the characters and scenarios are unrealistic unbelievable the action is hilarious. This movie is a big mess. It almost seems like when the action music kicks in the most impressive stunt is running. Either voice is dubbed over with Mr. McGregor or steven sang too much and it changed his voice. There is way too much dialog in this movie and extremely bad acting on everyones behalf. The movie is great sleep therapy. The fighting is laughable. The eye shape shift effect on the evil designer drug addict females was decent. The main villain was a joke and his character was poorly developed. The main villain was used to explain the story through interrogation he would just throw random plots in such as (spoiler) "CTX (his designer drug)is going to be in the water supply" which is never addressed in the conclusion or even mentioned again in the movie. This movie is highly recommended to pass.
critique7959 Run away from this movie. Even by B-movie standards this movie is dreadful. It is also insidious in it's theme. The main theme is that people who reject society and have no respect for anything are cool and worth admiring. People who treat others with respect are losers. Guncrazy is a movie that speaks for the disenfranchised a lot better than this movie see it instead.<br /><br />No normal kid would do what Trent does. State Troopers do not work as they do in this film etc. Seeing this movie makes you realize why writers use the hooker-with-a-heart-of-gold cliche. Mija is a completely unsympathetic hookerwho yes has had a terrible life. However she is such a terrible person the audience cannot identify with her.<br /><br />Usually there is one thing a movie can be recommended for in this case there is none. It is such a ridiculous movie it insults the person who tries to identify with the main characters. The acting is adequate by B-movie standards and the direction presents nothing new or interesting.
critique7960 Is it a coincidence that Orca was made two years after Jaws? Orca isn't exactly a "Jaws rip off" but it is obvious that it tried to profit from Jaws's success. First of all Orca in my opinion was a bad movie not terrible but definitely not good average at best.<br /><br />The plot is basically a male killer whale (orca) after seeing its mate and its unborn calf killed by a fisherman seeks revenge. I couldn't stand to watch this movie again. The direction of this film is poor and when compared to Jaws it looks like the director producers and writers were almost talentless.<br /><br />As for the acting it was very average and believable however the actual characters aren't the least bit likable. The effects were alright for its time and the footage of the killer whale looked pretty good.<br /><br />The violence is confusing bloody and not recommended for more sensitive people. The music is overdone and very loud drowning out the sound effects and irritating at times. I hated the way they exaggerated the intelligence of the killer whale (killer whales don't mate with only one mate as depicted in Orca).<br /><br />Overall this movie was bad/poor in my opinion because of the reasons listed above. Some people may appreciate this film more because of the concept of vengeance amongst animals and humans so I'm not going to bash this movie and I can understand why some people may like it.<br /><br />My Rating: 3.5/10 (but for its concept possibly a 5/10)
critique7961 The limited scenery views were the only saving grace to an otherwise uneventful and boring movie. The acting was borderline absurd which I blame on the script and screenplay. Nicole Eggert didn't look the part didn't act the part and was totally unconvincing as a mountain guide. After watching this I was left with the feeling that some friends had some free time and decided to make a movie. It must have been produced on a budget of pocket change. The plot was thin at best and with the low caliber of acting at times it begged the question to be asked "Why are we doing this?". I managed to sit through the entire movie but also asked myself "Why?".
critique7962 If you appreciate the renaissance in Asian horror don't bother with Gawi. The film scarcely deserves mention alongside A-list work such as Ringu A Tale of Two Sisters Cure and Ju-On (or even such good material as The Eye or Inner Senses). Those films brim with subtleties unexpected imagery rich characters and a decidedly non-Western take on what's frightening. Gawi is strung together with the leftover limbs and organs of everything that has made American horror lousy for the past twenty-five years.<br /><br />The film tries to blend Asian ghost story and Hollywood slasher flick but it's a bad fit. One aesthetic is bound to smother the other; guess which? Having no story of their own to tell the filmmakers loot Ringu for an evil-child subplot but the situation is hopeless. ClichÃƒÂ©s crap characters witless plotting a dull ghost ho hum.
critique7963 I was ready for a Crouching Tiger style movie and all I got was the worst movie i've seen in years. It was almost as bad as Baron Von Munchhuasen. Dead script. Dead acting. Dead everything. <br /><br />Granted there was some good fight scenes but the positive side ends there. If this movie arrives in your house run screming to a phone and dial 911 and say "Please help there is a movie in my house meant to force people to commit suicide"
critique7964 Acclaimed director Mervyn LeRoy puts drama on film that competes with the best of soap operas. High drama is found in the loves and infidelities in New York's social set. Oh yes don't forget jealousy can bring about tainted hearts and murder. The all star cast features: Barbara Stanwyck Van Heflin James Mason Ava Gardner Cyd Charisse and Nancy Davis.
critique7965 I am very surprised to see the good ratings for this movie.<br /><br />I watched the film 9 years ago and I still remember how angry I felt to sit in the movie theatre and to look at this mess. I am a big fan of John Boorman's work. I really like his movies. So I went to "Beyond Rangoon" with big expectations. But I felt like watching a dumb cheap Chuck Norris jungle movie with all action scenes cut out. Even the soundtrack was very annoying.<br /><br />I can't believe that John Boorman was the director because this movie was so badly done. I think the Burmese people deserve better films to illustrate their struggle.
critique7966 Although there is very little plot and whatever exists is just all improvisational still it was a good start from a new director with no previous financial back up and also a smart move from Andy Warhol to make his cimematic productions more marketable and viewer-friendly. In any case this story of a street hustler relies too much on showing Joe buck naked (almost all the time!). And the creative use of a flashy editing really wears off after the hundredth time and the cutting off the dialog thing gets really annoying half-way. This would have been a much more entertaining or even dramatic if they made a documentary of the daily of an actual male prostitute or hustler instead of letting the actors make up some nonesensical plot and dialog of their own.
critique7967 I see quite a few positive reviews on this board trying to revive this film from its lackluster status and starting a cult following. I see the usual ranting--"I guess this movie is just not for the easily offended" "This movie is not Shakespeare" etc. Guess what? Neither was "Road Trip"! And I laughed my a** off during that movie! There's a way to make a crude tasteless comedy and deliver laughs; and there's a way to...just make it crude and tasteless. "Whipped" tries to be "Swingers" without the wit or intelligence. It seems to have been written through the puerile eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake the characters in this movie are supposed to be white-collar upright citizens--and they talk like some of the idiots I knew in freshman year of high school! The dialogue is laced--more like drowned--with four-letter words. You would think that people of their status would have SOME degree of intelligence--and a more extensive vocabulary. Just watch a Whit Stillman film and you'll see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue sounds totally unrealistic and downright cartoonish. If you know any successful white-collar businessmen who speak like the characters in this movie--please let me know and introduce me to them. Their annoying sexual banter is equivalent to that of standard locker room chat among teens just arriving at puberty. There is absolutely NO insight into relationships sex or...anything!!! It's just a poor excuse to showcase an array of extremely--and don't take the word "extremely" for granted because I mean it with all my heart--crude gags. These are gags with no substance. Gags that are meant more for groans than laughs. The scene at the end between Amanda Peet and her girlfriends was totally un-called for and totally unconvincing. There are some movies that involve interaction among females that were written by (straight) men and play out wonderfully. This scene involves a barrage of sexual metaphors and gestures. It involves the kind of dialogue you can never imagine leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of those noticeably-written-by-a-guy scenes. I wasn't believing it for a second. <br /><br />"Whipped" is purely a sick male fantasy that's as flat as it is annoying. I got (very) few laughs out of this utterly forgettable comedy and those were probably a result of desperation. When you're not laughing for a long period of time you desperately look for humor in the most trivial things. So I wouldn't mark that down as a positive.
critique7968 Is this the same Kim Ki Duk who directed the poignant life-spanning testimonial of "Spring Summer Fall Winter and Spring"? The same Kim Ki Duk who directed the exquisite nearly silent heartbreaking longing of "3 Iron"? The same Kim Ki Duk who dazzled us with the staggering tragedy of "The Coast Guard" and made us squirm about the ugliness of nonchalant teenage prostitution before returning to his almost patented nature motif to allow us all (characters and viewers alike) to experience redemption in "Samaritan Girl"? I just cannot seem to find him in this film.<br /><br />Oh sure Kim's nature motif is still present. The film takes place entirely on a lake surrounded by mountains and on fishing floats resting placidly on the surface of calm waters. Yes it's Kim Ki Duk all right. Kim even describes the film as "beautiful" in an interview included in the DVD's special features. But I'm not sure anymore what that means after viewing this putrescent presentation.<br /><br />What is beautiful about angry potty-mouthed prostitutes lustful violent and potty-mouthed fishermen a covetous mute merchant explicit animal torture sequences of self-mutilation and a pace that swings nauseatingly between bestial carnality and mindless brutality? These are the only elements of humanity that present themselves in this utterly confounding and ultimately pointless film. If it is based on a fable or intended as a parable or is meant to be symbolic of something greater this reviewer is unfamiliar with the source material. It has been favorably compared to "Audition" by Japanese director Takashi Miike (much to Kim's satisfaction) but aside from some astonishingly good performances especially given what they had to work with by lead actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk I find little reason to recommend this film. I have not seen "Audition" but I doubt it would alter in any way my view of "The Isle." Its violence is pornographic and senselessly sadistic. Its sex is not pornographic but passionless and masochistic. Characters behave on irritating impulse because there is no plot. Its point is either non-existent or I will admit lost amidst Korean cultural quirks that I fail to understand.<br /><br />The only beauty is in the cinematography which is classic Kim: fog-shrouded boats lapping slowly across a serene lake mountainous terrain dominating the background and an imaginative and playful use of color. At times it seems as if viewers are locked in a big Kim Ki Duk romper room. Some touches like the mysterious and seductive mute merchant played by Jung and the pleasantly odd use of motorbikes are intriguing. But as a film this effort is downright confusing and in the end offensive to the senses not necessarily to sensibilities. One hopes that Kim will leave this kind of film-making in the trash heap of his past for we know he is capable of so much more.
critique7969 It's been a long time since I have been in the art-house theater and I went to see Douches Froides because it has gotten such great reviews in the papers.<br /><br />The thing is with this movie is that it has no head or tail but merely a section in time about the life of the three main characters.<br /><br />When it started I already knew that it was gonna be a long sit down but sometimes things can get better in this case not. There is no real character development or interconnection between the players. You start in the middle of a situation all of the sudden there's a girlfriend and then there's a guy with whom he needs to be friends with in order to fulfill his sports ambitions but the way they are put together is quite odd since they are "just put together" so it seems.<br /><br />And all of the sudden they have sex with each other at least one you can see of. The feeling of guilt or jealousy with the other guy is hardly noticeable and really all I could think of during the movie was "when are they gonna have sex again?". And when you think of it it's quite insane really. Because it basically means there is nothing really worth looking at but three teens going at it and that for me at least makes it a very crappy movie stay clear from it and save your money (my Ã‚Â€750 is wasted) there are better art-house movies than this one.<br /><br />I give three stars for the acting performance one each.
critique7970 I'm guessing the writers have never read a book of any kind much less a Dickens novel and certainly not David Copperfield and that they based their screenplay on another poorly written screenplay possibly an adaptation of Copperfield though just as likely anything else from which they randomly discarded about a third of the pages and then shuffled the rest along with some random pages from a screenplay that someone's eighth grade nephew had written for an English class and for which he had received a failing grade. <br /><br />If the casting was a bad joke - e.g. Richards as Kramer playing Micawber - which it was then the direction and acting were the poorly- delivered punch lines. Getting beyond Kramer as Micawber if possible Ham was such a complete ogre hunch-back and all that I was half expecting at some point to see him being pursued by an angry pitch-fork and torch wielding mob of villagers. Uriah was almost as much of a clown figure as Micawber. Mr. Murdstone evoked about as much terror as that Muppet vampire from Sesame street. The actor playing older David was I believe actually a woman. In any case looking perpetually as if he wished he could find a mirror to see how pretty he looked and fancied that he looked quite pretty indeed he could scarcely convince us that he was writing with a quill pen. And while we're on that subject in one of the many gross inaccuracies perpetrated by the half-wit producers of this embarrassment in the unnecessary shots of David writing his story he appears to be somewhere between 18 and 21 years old when he should be in his forties. Perhaps the greatest transgression although it's difficult to choose was the invented showdown between David and Murdstone as he courted a third wife in Switzerland preceded of course by the invented death of Murdstone's second wife. While they were at it it is a wonder they didn't send Heep to the guillotine and have him deliver Sidney Carton's famous last words. It couldn't have made things much worse really. It might have been far far better.<br /><br />There are literally thousands of small and large sins against literature throughout this miscarriage of art and anyone who watches it runs the risk of severe and permanent damage to all aspects of their sensibility.
critique7971 I couldn't agree more with another reviewer that mentioned Jodorowsky.<br /><br />Barney seems to be utterly boring and uninspired "content-wise". He can produce eye-candy (and I like candy) but its pretentiousness and fundamental artistic emptiness just diminishes all the joy. <br /><br />I am afraid that many people don't distinguish between similar (but really only on the surface) works of Jodorowsky or even more linear film-makers like Tarkovski or Kubrick (I love 2001 Odyssey and was never bored through the ending scenes...) That kind of art as M.Barney's makes adds confusion and fends off the viewers that could otherwise start to appreciate experimental cinema. Typical empty post-modern "conceptual" art. And check his interviews. I just don't buy it sorry. And so boring. <br /><br />I was never bored seeing Alejandro Jodorowsky's movies while Drawing Restraint 9 was an utter disappointment. Especially while it offered the possibilities to be something to actually tell something in a non-linear unorthodox way (like the beginning and the great choreographed dance and preparations for the ship to sail out. Ships "meeting" on the sea... Ideas of feces as an object of value(if it was feces). Those "pearl" divers... Everything could construct a great surreal movie with some content. But it didn't. ANd those horrible pretentious scenes of dressing up and fake tea ceremony... How vain and fake and philosophically pretentious but empty can it get?<br /><br />I has some great picturesque scenes but the whole movie became so boring and pretentious and utterly empty and fake that it made me physically sick.<br /><br />And it doesn't have good tempo. I like slow pace movies but this was just boring in some scenes - because it was pretentious and fake - so I was just forced to witnessed prolonged scenes of artistic vanity...<br /><br />That kind of movies just kill the art and spirit in my view. <br /><br />I want more Jodorowsky!!!
critique7972 I was more entertained by watching my wife almost pull her hair out in frustration through most of this movie. I thought something that would tie it all together would be just around the corner of the dairy barn any minute. So I cheated grabbed the remote and was relieved to find out it was ending in merely 20 minutes. I should have turned the channel. Cute it had potential but yuck!
critique7973 If this is classed as 'real life' of London then the producers must be on different planet.<br /><br />It is the most depressing suicidal dark dingy dross on TV.<br /><br />Everyone is fighting everything has nasty under tones running through it nothing is done for genuine reasons.<br /><br />If you want a real life picture of people in London or the UK then this programme is by the farthest from reality.<br /><br />There is not one good word I can say about this programme. The only certainty is that will be a great big fight over Christmas dinner.<br /><br />Even the characters are totally unbelievable!
critique7974 The ruins is to Turistas as Deep Impact was to Armageddon a worse version of a mildly entertaining movie except much much worse. One of the characters is supposed to be going to medical school so why are they all retards? "you can't keep cutting." -best line form this movie. This is an awful movie. I like horror movies but fully appreciate that most of them are terrible but had a bit of high hopes for this movie after seeing the reviews on IMDb. The situation they are in is stupid and how they handle it makes them stupid. It is awful the one thing that makes it somewhat palatable is its cool Australian backdrop despite the fact that they spend the vast majority of the movie in one place.
critique7975 Topical? Certainly. Entertainment? Probably - but only on removal of any shred of the viewer's common sense. Reality? Only in so much that it was made on this planet.<br /><br />How thousands of people were supposed to have died as a result of a 5-metre wall of water in a city liberally littered with buildings in excess of 25 metres high is quite beyond me. Carlyle's line to the effect of "How could anyone survive that?" when the shot shows forests of buildings with several floors above the water is completely laughable. Further if someone commits themselves to an area (under water) where one cylinder of air is not enough (i.e. they are going to die) why not use the simple expedient of taking more than one cylinder? Clearly the writer thinks that people in stressful situations cannot count beyond one (one cylinder one floor).<br /><br />Rather than watching this tripe you would be more informed and entertained by throwing the DVD away and reading the pricing information on the cellophane outer wrapper.<br /><br />Pitiful truly pitiful and a terrible waste of the on-screen talent.<br /><br />As for the sexist propaganda suggesting that only women can see through the problems to illuminate the solutions to be effected by the expendable men: yet more PC 'tosh'. Small wonder that First Blood Delta Force Navy Seals and other such movies of little or no merit will always have a following while this blatantly politically-motivated bilge is peddled.
critique7976 Animal Farm (1954) was a very good read about the dangers of totalitarianism. How good ideals can be changed and distorted by those who are ignorant or rule with an iron fist and an empty head. Sadly this movie does not portray either of these. What we're shown is a propaganda piece with a lot of finger waving and pointing. The animation and the direction were good considering the budget and the time period but the very essence of George Orwell's novel is sorely missing.<br /><br />If you're one of those who want to see how not to adapt a novel or are just interested in seeing an adaptation of this brilliant novelette then by all means watch. I just found this one to be somewhat mediocre. Just one man's opinion however.<br /><br />The remake is a notch below but not by much.
critique7977 *The ELITE sniper team that has inserted 24h or so earlier have instead of digging in and making them selves invisible decided to take cover behind a big rock in one of the first scenes. *When the hero "runs" to rescue his wife he actually jogs. *When inside a building and aiming for a target only some 20-30 meter away the hero USES HIS SCOPE. Besides the fact that most non elite soldiers would make that shot from the hip and still hit there is also the fact that the scope probably wouldn't be able to focus that close. *There is a satellite that can actually look horizontally into buildings.<br /><br />The list is endless... and the film is the biggest heap of crap I have ever put in my DVD player.
critique7978 Julie Delpy stars in this horrific film about a sadistic relationship between a father and a daughter in France of the 14th Century. The film attempts to shatter the romantic chivalry image of the heroic medieval knight by showing a rather dreary image of the period defined by psychological dysfunction and violence. <br /><br />The movie opens with a child FranÃƒÂ§ois growing up in the shadow of the Hundred Years' War told by his father to keep his mother safe and to wait for his return. FranÃƒÂ§ois takes action when he discovers his mother with a lover in bed. FranÃƒÂ§ois murders him in the name of defending his father's honour. Like father like son FranÃƒÂ§ois grows up and leaves his family also to go to the same war. This setting is somewhat of an explanation for the events to come as on his way home we already notice that something is wrong with FranÃƒÂ§ois. The war has not done well with him he has changed.<br /><br />The daughter BÃƒÂ©atrice de Cortemart (Delpy) awaits her beloved father to return from captivity of the English. She is pure of heart and she was left to take care of the estate while her father was gone. In her father's absence BÃƒÂ©atrice needs to deal with financial difficulties which strengthens BÃƒÂ©atrice's hope that her father will return to save her. But upon his return she notices that he lost the will to enjoy life and he tortures and humiliates everything around him even his own daughter. From this points the film depicts various ways how FranÃƒÂ§ois torments his family. Starting with humiliating his own son and ending with the rape of his own daughter BÃƒÂ©atrice.<br /><br />Setting the film in the Middle Ages supposed to soften the blow as the viewer may tell himself that these kind of violent acts were held in difficult times. And indeed many films on the topic of Incest such as Tim Roth's "The War Zone (1999)" which are contemporary were more shocking because of that.<br /><br />Delpy appears in this film in several daring nude scenes. Indeed she appears to be angelic and beautiful.<br /><br />I was annoyed when I saw some animal torture scenes. I believe and this is not confirmed that some birds were killed for the making of this film which really upsets me. The quality of a film drops when real violence is used towards animals. I would hope that this movie will be re-released without those cruelty scenes. Those scenes do not contribute much to the film storyline.<br /><br />Overall the movie is too long. The script is problematic. We don't get to see FranÃƒÂ§ois and BÃƒÂ©atrice before the war we don't really get the answer why is he changed to such extreme. I would have pass on this film however I have to mention a few scenes that made this film worth watching:<br /><br />* Scenes of a young child being able to murder in cold blood is truly shocking. I saw it first time on "City of God (2002)". Here FranÃƒÂ§ois murders his mother's lover while his father away at war. Excellent scene and very graphic. * The scenes from BÃƒÂ©atrice being raped by her father till she finds out she is pregnant from him are truly shocking and interesting. The scene after the rape where Delpy burns her cloths and cleans herself. She asks her brother to kick her in the stomach with hopes to have a miscarriage.<br /><br />* The brother humiliation scenes where the father dumps his son's head into the food - humiliating him then ranting about the war. Later dressing his son with women's cloths.<br /><br />The film won the CÃƒÂ©sar (French Oscar) for Best Costume Design I agree the costumes here really make the film look authentic for the time period. The movie location is ChÃƒÂ¢teau de Puivert a real 12th century castle and a historical monument located in Aude South-Central France. Beautiful castle and mountain view really helps you set into the period of this film. The film also nominated for 3 more CÃƒÂ©sar awards but they were all snatched to the widely successful French film "Au revoir les enfants" ("Goodbye Children" 1998).<br /><br />--- Released as "Beatrice" in New York City March 1987. Only to be screened in France on November 2007. Watched it on YES3 on 3 May 2007 17:45 at work.
critique7979 It may have been thrilling for an audience in 1946 but the movie is now a bit boring. I had a hard time sitting through the whole thing and it was very predictable: I mean we know from the beginning of the movie that Welles is the nazi war criminal and I'll give you one guess as to whether he is caught and appropriately punished in the end.<br /><br />Not worth watching. It's sad that Welles only made three movies worth seeing in his long career: Kane Ambersons and A Touch of Evil.
critique7980 Wicked Little Things (known in Australia as "Zombies") is a rare find Ã‚Â– a film that promises one thing but delivers another. It is one of the few genre films to be made by Millennium Pictures a European film studio known for making various B-grade action films & thrillers some featuring action star Jean-Claude Van Damme.<br /><br />Karen Tunny & her two daughters Sarah & Emma arrive in the Pennsylvanian town of Addytown in order to move into a large house that Karen's late husband owned after finding a miner's deed in his effects. Once arriving they find that the house is very old & in need of repair. But the house's condition is the least of their problems as they discover that the area is prone to disappearances & Karen is confronted by the area's owner & ordered to move out. Once night falls the Tunnys find out the reason behind the vanishings: a group of zombie children killed in a mine collapse in the area more than 85 years ago come out to kill anything that goes in the woods. With the help of a grizzled neighbour Karen attempts to end the curse before her & her children become the next victims.<br /><br />I bought the DVD expecting a film with flesh-eating zombies but was let down by one thing: the film is more akin to a ghost story than your usual zombie flick with the dead children being the embodiment of a curse that haunts the woods taking their revenge on anything that moves around at night (although the internal logic is somewhat flawed Ã‚Â– the children can only be appeased by the sacrifice of animals & are repelled by blood wards on doors in the same manner that vampires are repelled by garlic & mirrors Ã‚Â– aren't these kids supposed to be zombies?). The plot as such would not be a problem & would actually be entertaining but the main problem is that the producers adapted a script with the intention of making a zombie film only to fall flat on their faces with this effort.<br /><br />As such a film like this would be okay as a ghost story but due to a poor script becomes nothing more than an entirely routine effort. The film's greatest strength is the acting with the cast giving better performances than the film deserves. Of particular note is Scout Taylor-Compton who does her role quite well Ã‚Â– it's a shame she ruins her genre cred with a very poor performance in the HALLOWEEN remake (or maybe it's just Rob Zombie's script).
critique7981 The 1998 Michael Keaton kiddie comedy of the same title was roundly condemned for it's um shoddy special effects but compared to what Screaming Mad George cooked up for this horror comedy they're positively mind-boggling. The killer snowman seems to be made out of styrofoam and his arms look like oversized oven mitts. Which they probably were. The cast lays it on thick in this parody of dozens of other (much worse) movies and Paul Keith as the town doctor is particularly memorable in a small but hilarious role.
critique7982 When I saw this movie circa 1979 it became the first movie that I ever walked out of in the middle. There is nothing worse than comedy that just misses being funny and this misses every time (although I can't speak for the last 25 minutes of the movie). There was nothing original about any of the skits. While I enjoy racy humor where appropriate these skits were needlessly vulgar. What was even more irritating was that this movie was advertised as "Robin William's first movie" capitalizing on his new found fame in the "Mork and Mindy" television series. Yet his role turned out to be so minor that you cannot even notice him on-screen.
critique7983 Do you get it? Like the car. These are the jokes folks. Softcore Beach Blanket Bingo with aliens answers many of life's important question. What do the relatives of celebrities do for some cash? How does a hot tan alien wash herself? How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? Well maybe not that one. Linnea Quigley member of the Softcore hall of fame provides some comic relief. Nikki Fritz also a member show her talents. Sarah Bellomo is not as bad as you might expect from a porn star. This is not erotic except the shower scene and not funny enough to make up for the rotten plot. The sequel has a couple of pleasant scenes as well with Miss Bellomo.<br /><br />P.S. The title is a good example of alliteration.
critique7984 The movie is about two stories: one is a political murder of a call-girl the other an upper-class political party. The crossing point is the public relation character played by Al Paccino as he is the witness of the crime and the instigator of the evening.<br /><br />If the script is terrible without any decent dialogs and the directing void of any sense of drama the performance of Al is memorable: how many fellows can be as much convincing as a powerful and feared man (as "The Godfather") as here as a little servant (see also "Donnie Brasco").<br /><br />Actually the big young lion has become a tired old one. This passing of ages is very moving because it makes the audience ponders about getting old too.<br /><br />But his slowness is only a make-up because he can get back his energy in Church scene.<br /><br />Maybe it is a good thing that the movie is so awful because it put the starlight on Al's talent!
critique7985 Normally I have much better things to do with my time than write reviews but I was so disappointed with this movie that I spent an hour registering with IMDb just to get it off my chest.<br /><br />You would think a movie with names like Morgan Freeman or Kevin Spacey would be a bankable bet... well this movie was just terrible. It is nigh on impossible to "suspend disbelief"; I tried really I wanted to enjoy it but Justin Timberlake just wouldn't let me. <br /><br />Timberlake should stick to music what a dreadful performance - NO presence as an actorNO character. Can't blame everything on Justin: The movie also boast a dreadful plot & badly timed editing; its definitely an "F".<br /><br />After seeing this I have to wonder what really motivates actors. I mean surely Morgan actually read the script before taking the part. Did he not see how poor it was? What then could motivate him to take the part? Money? Of course acting is at times more about who you are seen with rather than really developing quality work. <br /><br />LL Cool J is a great actor; he gets a lot more screen time than Freeman or Spacey in this movie and really struggles to come to terms with the poor script. <br /><br />Meanwhile the audience goes: "What the hell is going on here? You expect me to believe this crap?"<br /><br />In short apart from Justin a great lineup badly executed - very disappointing.
critique7986 I have vague memories of this movie being funny.<br /><br />Having seen it again either I have changed or I was thinking about a another film altogether.<br /><br />It seems as if we are supposed to be sympathetic to Jackie Mason's character however nothing in the movie actually engenders that emotion. Its notable that he is really the only person accorded tender dialogue with loved ones. No-one else's character is allowed to rise to the status of even vaguely human.<br /><br />I don't even like golf but as the film went on I found myself really rooting for Robart Stack and the club guys really hoping they would repel Mason and Chevy Chase.
critique7987 Doppelganger has its moments but they are few and far between.<br /><br />Essentially this is a grade B blend of pop-psych thriller ghost story and horror. Drew Barrymore plays a young woman who is haunted by the demons of her past (most of her family has been murdered and she was in at least one case the prime suspect) or does she just have a really bad case of multiple personality disorder? George Newbern is her new room mate and most of the action centers on him.<br /><br />Newbern's character is pretty sympathetic and both he and Barrymore do decent work (though not exactly good). The mediocre to (at times) totally horrendous script and the unimpressive directing seem to have combined to sink the rest of the performances into oblivion. Leslie Hope's character is memorable but so irritating that you will want to forget her.<br /><br />The plot eventually disintegrates into a bifurcated (one story arc is psychological realism the other is supernatural horror) outlandish climax which is so badly conceived acted and photographed that it effectively counteracts most of what value the film had achieved previously.<br /><br />Overall the film has the feel of what might expect to be the result of M. Knight Shamalyan's first undergraduate film class. The acting and script for the two leads are just good enough to make you care a little about them - at least until the film derails utterly and completely.<br /><br />My recommendation - send your doppelganger but avoid a first-person encounter.
critique7988 I saw this film at the NY Gay & Lesbian Film Festival and thought it was pretty bad. First and most distracting was the way much of it was shot; that is a lot of slow motion and overly arty close-ups that seemed to have no point--story wise or aesthetically--other than to show the skills of the cinematographer (who I believe was also the director). This film seemed what a pretentious film student would come up with. The lead actor (Sam Levine) was certainly very cute but was a mediocre actor at best; and the rest of the cast ranged from so-so to bad. The story itself was mostly annoyingly predictable. I do have to concede that most of the audience seemed to enjoy the film; laughing and sighing constantly but I disliked it a great deal.
critique7989 Dear me... Peter Sellers was one of the most oddly talented actors there has been. But his choice of films say after 1964 was very unfortunate. He didn't seem to realize how to use his talents. He would have been better off working with more of the Kubricks of the film world than the people he did. Of his later films only "The Optimists of Nine Elms" and "Being There" have impressed me of those I have seen.<br /><br />That said the Boultings and Sellers had made a few films prior to this that hardly sound that bad - I have yet to see "Carlton Browne" and "Heavens Above!" - at least in the sense of using Sellers well to a degree. But "There's a Girl in My Soup" really is a poor film and a dire choice on Sellers' part in terms of character. In his films from 1955-64 you can usually expect at least some very inventive twist and always an enigmatic conviction in his roles. Here you have Peter Sellers trying to play a typical romantic lead. It's almost Sellers playing a Niven cad without the joviality. He certainly does not convince try as he might or create an interesting character. He should have left such parts to masters of suavity such as Cary Grant and concentrated on those intriguing dramatic and comic roles that he was famed for.<br /><br />Hawn and Sellers really do not establish any genuine chemistry; this is no easy genial romance of the like perfected by William Powell and Myrna Loy. It is very artificial seeming all the way through - I know that it is part of Danvers' character that he is a dry procurer of ladies but he doesn't really change from that in a way that convinces. Sellers has a very grating way of playing "charm" as well... this character really has no depth and really does not gain the viewer's sympathy or interest. Sellers goes through the motions in a way one would not think possible when remembering the magnificence of his shifty iconoclastic performance in "Lolita".<br /><br />There really is nothing to say about the plot direction or characters as frankly they leave little or no impression. This is truly one of the most anaemic complacent misguided and lightly dull films I have ever seen. A nonentity of a "vehicle" for Sellers' undisputed talents.<br /><br />Rating:- * 1/2/*****
critique7990 I like underground films when they have something to say or show for that matter. I tried hard to like "Trash". I tried to see some artistic achievement or some interesting representation of New York City life in the early 70's. Or at least being entertained by it? But the movie stinks and can't be called either art or entertainment.<br /><br />"Trash" is basically an excuse to expose Joe Dallesandro's nude body for 2 hours while he meets other uninteresting annoying figures (I agree that's a gorgeous body but no excuse for a whole movie about it right?). Holly Woodlawn as Joe's girlfriend provides a few good laughs by the end but then it's too late to save those wasted couple of hours. Lou Reed's classic song "Walk on the Wild Side" is a better portrayal of those people and that time even if it's more fascinating than they actually were. 1.5/10.
critique7991 When you're used to Lana Turner in the Postman Always Rings Twice and compare it to this low budget low talent low quality film well I was just embarrassed for Ida Lupino's 'singing' (more like talking) and non-piano playing scenes. When the first non-singing scene started and all the people just stared flatly at her I was positive they were all going to roll their eyes and start leaving or at least talking among themselves (She stinks c'mon let's get out of here). The actors are flat - emotions are deflated. And Ida is a real spoiled bi-otch throughout - just a 100% turnoff. This was like Betty Boop on conscious sedation meets a gas station attendant in nowhere's ville USA. The story was flat the music was flat the acting was flat her chest was... no never mind. I felt sad for the rest of the actors. Perhaps if the right actress was to have been given the lead role and the men actors had more emotion then the film could have had a chance. Sorry for offending those of you who thought it was out of this world. I wouldn't have minded if it stayed out of this world.
critique7992 When I first saw a small scene of it in some announcements I thought the show would be entertaining to watch. The little robot guy does look kinda cute. The style of animation does look sort of familiar to some classic shows. Before the show aired I studied it through some sources. There I did became slightly dismayed. The three children (Tommy Gus and Lola) are voiced appropriately but Robotboy is an exception. It would have been a lot nicer if he were to be portrayed by a young lad. One good example is Robot Jones a robot character from "Whatever Happened To Robot Jones?" The show isn't bad really. But the way Robotboy is inappropriately portrayed is my only criticism. Thus I don't watch it much.
critique7993 This is not a film you can really analyse separately from it's production. The audience became the film-makers to an extent unprecedented in the history of the American film industry; we felt so involved that viewing it becomes like watching the work of a friend. How is it possible to be objective? This is our movie isn't it? Or is it? There may be nothing more disingenuous than a film-maker who promotes himself as the audience's friend giving them all the naughty treats that the nannyish critics would deny them. Just look at that prime self-publicist Eli Roth promising gore-hounds all the viscera missing from literally gutless mainstream horror films only to churn out a watered down and technically incompetent piece of work like 'Hostel'.<br /><br />David R. Ellis may not have spawned the monster that was the internet response to his film but he was quite understandably quick to engage with it. He took the carnival-huckster school of film-making to a new level getting the fans to build what they would eventually buy. So many have enthused over this interactive democratic approach to film-making that they seem to have missed the point - that this is the most cynical form of film-as-marketing. Nothing is included that the film-makers know the fans won't buy and any old suggestion that will get bums on seats is incorporated. The fact that the pitch became the title tells you all you need to know.<br /><br />Isn't this just the evolution of the focus group approach? Individual creativity talent craft ideas all are sacrificed before the inane chatter of the masses. It's a critical commonplace that focus groups and test screenings don't make for good movies - why should the preemptive intervention of internet enthusiasts be any different? Because we happen to be film fans? Well thank god for us because otherwise I might not have seen a topless woman get her nipple bitten by a snake.<br /><br />So yes I had fun at the movie - a midnight showing fresh from the pub and with a bucket of ice-cream - but it actually had relatively little to do with the film and quite a lot to do with the atmosphere. Like Christmas everyone seemed determined that they would have fun no matter what. There was laughter but I don't know if it was with the film or at the film. With a film as calculated as this one is that even a meaningful distinction? There are some genuinely good aspects to the film. Samuel L. Jackson gives a well-judged performance pure self-parody but with a real sense of pleasure. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are decent in limited roles and there are one or two inspired moments - the fate of the lap dog is genuinely funny black comedy that the rest of the film fails to emulate.<br /><br />The stock characters are to be expected but the total lack of suspense isn't. What's the point of a film that combines two great phobias if there's no creeping menace? There are several snake-jumps-out moments but they're incredibly badly staged. Only the annoying British man gets a decent pulpy death scene - the other killings are oddly flat. The demise of the honeymoon couple for instance is shamefully botched. Most of the actors fail to make an impression; it's a shame that a charismatic actress like Julianna Margulies should seem so tired (when she tells two kids to close their eyes and pretend the turbulent flight is a roller-coaster she could be talking to the audience - the film falls far short).<br /><br />There are worse movies but there are many many better; another reviewer on this site compared this film with 'Lake Placid' and it's as apt a contrast as any I can think of. That film worked so magnificently because the performances were excellent the jokes were funny the suspense sequences were scary and it wasn't devised by committee. That the characters had a little depth and shading was an unexpected bonus. I don't need a post-pub midnight showing to have a good time with that film.<br /><br />This film will in time fade to become a mere footnote in film history. If it sets a precedent however I'm genuinely worried about what might be crossing our screens in a couple of years time. In all probability nothing much will come of it. Perennial popcorn favourites - 'Raiders of the Lost Ark' 'Alien' 'Halloween' and of course 'Star Wars' - just aren't produced by group-think.<br /><br />In the mean time I'll tell you what - I haven't half got a craving for some Ingmar Bergman.
critique7994 Greenthumb Grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. It sounds promising and the ever-reliable Brenda Blethyn doesn't disappoint but the material is sitcom-thin. There's actually a scene where Grace asks her young gardener to "Give me one" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. Yes it's humour so twee a nun would be bored. Saving Grace doesn't seem to know what it wants to be: the stunning cinematography and stately pace evoke memories of Ryan's Daughter whilst the light-hearted whimsy of the country townsfolk could be lifted from any episode of Antiques Roadshow. It does speed up after the first hour but by then it's too clichÃƒÂ©d to care. The climax manages to be unpredictable only by introducing the most shameless Deux ex Machina I've ever seen.
critique7995 This film is so bad. I mean who commissions this stuff? And the costume designer deserves an award for making everyone look like they had just stepped out of 1983. A bloke puts a female wig on and fights....nuff said.
critique7996 i guess its possible that I've seen worse movies but this one is a real stinker! the plot is unremarkable but thats not the worst of it. the directing is no where close to what you would expect from andy ching. he's capable of good work but failed to pull this movie together.<br /><br />angie harmon playing the female lead as a reporter dogging into who's behind the assassination of the president truly butchered the role. there was no chemistry with gooding her demeanor was flat and wooden and the 5 inch spike heels she wore throughout the movie were absurd. this outing for harmon places her solidly at the bottom of the "b" list.<br /><br />and what was cuba gooding thinking??? he has to his credit a number of outstanding performances but this was far beneath what we've come to expect from him.<br /><br />poor james woods and burt reynolds. poor poor poor poor poor.
critique7997 Hee hee hee. This movie is so bad that it doesn't even try to hide the fact that it sucks big time. I remember the day I first saw this on MST. Sun was shining looked like a good day. then I saw this product of Rick Sloane which consisted of horrible plush dolls wreaking havoc in the crappy 80s fest land. Kevin wussy extraordinaire tries to impress his girlfriend manages an assistant security guard job fights with rakes and plenty more stuff in this very badly made series of images. No plot or story is needed. Obviously no acting is necessary as the film proves. An army guy and his sex crazed girl will make you wanna leap off a cliff and the dorky friend who gets his kicks off phone sex will make you say " He has got some nice red shorts". Plus I really hated the old security guard and wished he had an accident in his supermarket cart. Just when you think it's over wait until the Club Scum scene. Ask for Road Rash.<br /><br />I advise that after viewing this film a good month to regain senses and sanity. And if you see Rick Sloane give him a good kick to the groin to show how much we appreciate this crapsterpiece called Hobgoblins.
critique7998 This sounded like a really interesting movie from the blurb. Nazis occult  government conspiracies. I was expecting a low budget Nazi version of the DaVinci code or the Boys from Brazil or even Shockwaves. Instead you get something quite different more psychological more something like from David Lynch. That was actually a plus. But the way the story is told is just awful.<br /><br />Part of the trouble is the casting. Andrienne Barbeau's character starts off the moving being somewhat timid and afraid. She just doesn't do that well even at her age though she certainly tried. The actor cast as the son apparently thought this was a comedy. Most of the other actors also seemed to have thought this was a campy movie or at least acted like it rather than simply being quirky. The only one that I thought did really well was the daughter Siri Baruc.<br /><br />Another big part is the pacing. It starts off very slowly. So slowly you might be tempted to turn it off. But then it gets compelling for a while when you get to the daughter's suicide and the aftermath. But shortly afterward it all becomes a jumbled mess. Some of this was on purpose but much of it was just needlessly confusing monotonous and poorly focused.<br /><br />The real problem is it's simply not a pleasant movie to watch. It's slow dull none of the characters are likable. Overuse of imagery and sets. Some movies you see characters get tortured. In this it's the viewer that does. It does have a few creepy moments most notably the creepy Nazi paintings and the credits but the rest of the movie is mostly just tiresome.
critique7999 Okay so Gus Van Sant wanted to remake Psycho in color so that he could bring it into modern audiences who would probably go into cardiac arrest if they were ever forced to see a movie in black & white while they conveniently forget that both "Clerks" and "Schindler's List" were filmed in black & white and are great movies.<br /><br />Unfortunately the same narrow-minded people who wouldn't want to see a great movie just because it's in black & white are the same people who wouldn't like "Psycho" anyway because it doesn't have a murder or sex scene every two minutes. And the murders are not the grisly blood/guts/gore/bone-snapping that people are used to from having seen "Halloween" "Friday the 13th" and "Nightmare on Elm Street." This is why remaking "Psycho" almost exactly as it was originally was destined to not work because it's really only of interest to people who are fans of the original. Everyone else is just watching it to tide them over until the next "Scream" sequel comes out and for that reason they will be disappointed. "Psycho" relies on suspense and mystery not blood and guts. (And just so nobody thinks that I must be a senior citizen if I like older movies let me set the record straight by saying that I am 21.)<br /><br />So if doing the movie in color was all that Van Sant wanted to change why not just colorize the movie and rerelease it? I mean what's the point of remaking a movie if you're not going to change *anything*? The least he could have done was to put his own director's spin on it rather than just copying Hitchcock's - or even better hired a new writer to adapt a new script from the original "Psycho" book. But it seems that Van Sant couldn't decide whether he wanted to remake "Psycho" *exactly* or not. This should have been an all or nothing project - either remake the movie exactly or do it differently - but as it stands this movie is about 95% the same but with a few touches thrown in that don't seem to have any purpose. Such as having Norman masturbate while he spies on Marion undressing. It doesn't serve the plot at all and the only reason he put it in was because he *could*. He wanted to say "Hitch couldn't show people masturbating in 1960 so I'm going to do it." Whoopee big deal like I'm so shocked at seeing someone masturbate. And what on earth was the point of showing single frame shots of clouds and farm animals spliced into the murder scenes? And then he leaves *out* an important scene where Lila and Sam meet the Sheriff outside the church.<br /><br />Plus by using the almost exact same script the entire movie seems a bit of an anachronism. The opening credits say that the year is 1998. Then what's with Marion's 60-ish looking dress or the parasol she carries with her? Why do Marion and Sam have to have their trysts in a hotel room when these days nobody would be shocked by what they are doing? Why are there no air conditioners in Marion's office? Why does the Bates Motel have no tv's in the rooms and apparently no automatic locks on the doors? Why does the Sheriff have to ask the operator to connect him to the Bates motel? This was why using the exact same script was a mistake - just changing a few words here and there was not enough to modernize it. It needed a whole reworking.<br /><br />While Vince Vaughn turned in a good performance as Norman he just didn't seem right for the part. Part of what made the original "Psycho" so creepy was that Norman had that innocent boy-next-door quality so nobody could believe that he was capable of such horrible crimes. With Vince Vaughn playing the part is anyone really surprised that Norman was a psychopathic killer?<br /><br />That said I can understand that Gus Van Sant was obviously a fan of the original "Psycho" movie and wanted this to be a tribute. This isn't a bad movie but the problem is that this may be some people's only exposure to "Psycho." I really think you should see this movie only if you've seen the original. Since I am a fan of anything to do with "Psycho" I bought a used copy of the remake which I may watch occasionally. The original movie was a filet mignon whereas the remake is a hamburger. But even filet mignon would get boring if you had it everyday so it's nice to have a hamburger once in a while for a change.
critique8000 Overall an extremely disappointing picture. Very very slow build up to the basic storyline. The role of Maria Schrader searching for her families secret past. (Every take seems to last foreverÃ‚Â…. There is really no rhythm in the film.) ***SPOILERS*** Her Mother Ruth is rescued from the Nazis by a German woman played by Katja Riemann. The entire character of Ruth is so one dimensional so stereotypical. ***SPOILERS END*** The film cuts back and forth between present day New York and Berlin and Berlin 40s something. Please when you do that give the audience an indication of what time exactly the story takes place. There is never a clear indication of time Ã‚Â– very annoying. Worst part is the end. ***SPOILERS*** The entire show and jabber about the Jews being so terribly tormented simply by a bureaucratic accident! Give me a break. That's how the Jews got out of the Rosenstrasse? The question of who freed the Jews is NEVER answered. Was is Goebels who freed them? Did Lean Fischer sleep with Goebels? In Venice the film won an acting award for K. Riemann why? Ã‚Â– I have no idea. Must be the Jewish themeÃ‚Â
critique8001 After watching this movie I felt as if I had just eaten a box of stale chewy cracker jack only to find no prize inside. This movie has real promise: porn stars in a skinemax feature! Unfortunately someone forgot to tell the producers that WE LIKE SOME T&A IN OUR T & A FLICKS!!! Sure we get a few quick flashes and a couple of "bathing in the creek" scenes. But where's the sex? How can you have four girls "sorority girls" no less in this type of movie with only one pitiful 5 second lesbian scene? Good night USA Up All Night provides more titillation! Look we don't watch this type of movie for great cinematography screenwriting or action. We want to see some kink! What a letdown.
critique8002 I just finished watching one episode(S1-#5 A boy in a bush) so maybe my review is not very fair.<br /><br />But based on that episode this is a very poor version of CSI the acting is crap. The main character Dr whatever her name is is so fake it actually hurts. I wouldn't cast her to do an add for dog food!<br /><br />The other hurtful thing is David Boreanaz of the "Angel" fame a good actor does a great job but wasted coz of the idiotic acting of that woman.<br /><br />Supporting cast is OK but all is ruined due to this stupid acting of Emily Deschanel .<br /><br />Very disappointing version of CSI very sorry to see it appear on the filmography of some of the potential talents involved in it.<br /><br />That woman is really sh#t at least in that episode. But based on this one view I will not even invest watching it even if it was shown on an elevator screen.
critique8003 This movie should have NEVER been made. From the poorly done animation to the beyond bad acting. I am not sure at what point the people behind this movie said "Ok looks good! Lets do it!" I was in awe of how truly horrid this movie was. At one point which very may well have been the WORST point a computer generated Saber Tooth of gold falls from the roof stabbing the idiot creator of the cats in the mouth...uh ooookkkk. The villain of the movie was a paralyzed sabretooth that was killed within minutes of its first appearance. The other two manages to kill a handful of people prior to being burned and gunned down. Then there is a random one awaiting victims in the jungle...which scares me for one sole reason. Will there be a Part Two? God for the sake of humans everywhere I hope not.<br /><br />This movie was pure garbage. From the power point esquire credits to the slide show ending.
critique8004 Many people thought that this is a good movie but I don't agree with them. At the beginning of the movie a spaceship crushed on earth and some of the aliens escaped from the spaceship then hey killed some people on the earth but for no reason. Also it is in a dark forest I can't see anything on the screen I can only hardly hear the sound.<br /><br />After a few days the predator came to the earth but no one had sent signals to him before that he should not know what happened on the earth so there is a contradiction. Finally the predator found the headmaster of the aliens and killed it for no reason. He was not live on earth t is none of his business about the things happened here. Lastly the duration of the movie is only 90 minutes long the summary is too short and it can't tell the reviewers about the story clearly.<br /><br />In conclusion I don't think this is a good movie.
critique8005 Irwin Allen put all his talents behind this one: he's co-screenwriter producer and director of this cartoonish "epic" about an atomic submarine and its efforts to reduce a ring of radiation circling the Earth. Potentially exciting story fails to take off despite an eclectic cast. Varied players from Walter Pigeon and Joan Fontaine to Frankie Avalon and Barbara Eden are interestingly intermingled and provide a dash of color but this soggy sci-fi is pretty cheesy. Good for a few stray laughs but Allen didn't seem to know the difference between strong solid adventure and campy nonsense. Later a popular TV series. ** from ****
critique8006 Just okay film about a woman who is a twin having disturbing visions of her sister in danger back at home. She then returns home to find all is not well and that she is going to have to find out what happened to her sister and why.<br /><br />This is the sort of thing that kind of almost works but doesn't quite. I can't really put my finger on why it didn't work but it was good enough that I kind of wished it was better or at least had gotten the little things right- like having the girls who play the twins in the flashbacks be closer in size. I think perhaps thats whats wrong with it there are lots of little things that just are wrong.
critique8007 Walt was particularly fond of quality. So how come the producers at Disney would release such a terribly edited roughly acted (even for family fare!) mess of a movie? THE BIG GREEN had a good concept. And since it is Disney you know how the movie is going to turn out obviously. But THE BIG GREEN is horrible. The jokes are lame. And Steve Guttenburg still alive pulls in another terrible performance on his resume.<br /><br />Kids with too much time on their hands in small town Elma are offered an opportunity by their new teacher to play soccer. The kids don't know a thing though. And gracious for us we get to see Steve Guttenburg try to hit on the teacher from beginning to end.<br /><br />The speed up camera work does not work. THE BIG GREEN is full of speeding the pace of characters to move the movie along. Kids are not idiots. They will catch on if you give them enough of a hint without showing all that garbage. Guttenburg for once in his life should have turned down an offer to join this movie. Also the pretty Olivia d'Abo should have called this one off too. THE BIG GREEN can be known as 'The Big Bomb.'
critique8008 One of the worst theatrical movies of the year if not all time. Anthony Hopkins belittles himself by even appearing in this joke. I can't believe David Mamet and Ridley Scott's name appear on this travesty. The best career move Jody Foster ever made was turning this one down. Julianne Moore was as emotionless throughout as a female Keanu Reeves. Gary Oldman was of course his brilliant self. He is a crippled victim of Hannibal and the make-up is so good I didn't know it was Gary until the final credits. but eaten by trained boars??? Give me a break! Rumor has it that he didn't want his name even mentioned in the credits. And frying and feeding his own brain to Ray Liotta...I was laughing at the absurdity no make that stupidity of this flick at this point. I haven't seen so many people walk out of a movie since Who's That Girl.<br /><br />Pay someone else to go for you if you must but miss this one AT ALL COST!!!
critique8009 Unlike "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or "Big Trouble in Little China" or "Conan the Barbarian" which are horrible films that have a certain coolness and self-deprecating humor that turn them into cult sensations The Golden Child is just plain bad.<br /><br />The premise itself is not unworkable and there are some funny moments. But here the Eddy Murphy "flip attitude" just deflates any feeling of tension or danger in the story. And the special effects are silly enough to do more damage to that tension. The "mystic secrets" of Tibetan Buddhism are lampooned rather than drawn upon to compel.<br /><br />Without a feeling that anything is at stake or that the characters are faced by real danger why should we care?<br /><br />Who should see this film:<br /><br />-- big fans of Eddy Murphy who can't help themselves<br /><br />-- I can't think of anyone else<br /><br />I'll give this film a 4 out of 10 for the occasional joke that worked.
critique8010 What a poor excuse for New Zealnd Movie making. I'm ashamed to call myself a New Zealander when this movie exists and is currently playing on New Zealand satellite TV (Aug 2006). The cast is made up of a large number of local soap stars. The ship in real life is one of the inter-island ferries that travel daily between the two main islands and even has the company's logo (a dolphin) still all over the set including on the ship's funnel. The ship is supposed to be a cruise ship/ferry between the USA and Mexico. It has obvious signs of rust and old age all over the place yet is supposed to be a luxury ship on it's maiden voyage. One of the scenes shows the snow capped peaks of New Zealand's South island in the background for God's sake! Must have been a very cold time on the USA/Mexico area! The story is weak the acting is weaker and the new Zealand/American accents just don't work. I expect the New Zealand tax payer contributed to the production cost of this movie and that was a waste of money better spent on a real production. I know high school kids in New Zealand who could make better movies with their cell phones. Goof: There is a truck in the hold with tagging on it and they stuck a Taco Company sign on the door of the truck presumably to make it look like it was American. But some of the sign is over the top of the tagging - you'd think they would have noticed that in the props department before attaching it. I'd love to go on but it just isn't worth the trouble in any way.
critique8011 One hour eight minutes and twelve seconds into this flick and I decided it was pretty lame. That was right after Hopalong (Chris Lybbert) drops on his horse from a tree to rejoin the good guy posse. I was pretty mystified by the whole Hopalong Cassidy/Great Bar 20 gimmick which didn't translate into anything at all. Obviously the name Coppola in the credits couldn't do anything to guarantee success here even with more than one listed.<br /><br />If you make it to the end of the film you'll probably wind up asking yourself the same questions I did. What exactly was the hook with the gloves? What's up with the rodeo scenario? Who was The Stranger supposed to represent? Why did they make this film? <br /><br />I could probably go on but my energy's been drained. Look there's already a Western called "The Gunfighter" from 1950 with a guy named Gregory Peck as the title character. Watching it will make you feel as good as watching this one makes you feel bad. That one I can recommend.
critique8012 I gave this movie a four-star rating for a few reasons. First I felt that this movie was definitely preaching and I hate that. Still it's my own fault for watching a Christian movie in the first place.<br /><br />My friend and I rented this movie because it sounded interesting. The back of the case said something along the lines of a spiritual battle someone opening some sort of boundary that let demons into our world and the like. Something I am very interested in indeed. This movie almost hit the target. It was more like on the edge of the target more on the tree than the target itself...<br /><br />The basic plot of this movie is two couples are abducted by a group of terrorists to be victim to experiments. However because their experimental serum is derived from the research of a scientist who claimed to be able to bridge the gap between the physical and the spiritual realms the men of the couples are now able to feel smell hear and see the demons of the spiritual world. In that order. Apparently the sense of taste is not present in that realm.<br /><br />This movie is very clichÃƒÂ©d. They took the title seriously as the men while chained to the beds demand their women look behind them because there is something there.<br /><br />Although a good effort for what it was I think the special effects could have been done so much better. The demon scratching at the woman was in a word hilarious. The wife was obnoxious as hell and everyone in the room practically cheered when she died. We were all hoping she'd be beaten by the other woman with the chair though.<br /><br />The message is one that I don't care to comment on other than I think the Christian filmmakers should have found a better medium for it.<br /><br />And so I give it four stars because it is not the movie's fault I am not a Christian and don't like this type of message and I got a kick out of making comments throughout. My friend and I watching this movie seemed to resemble an episode of MST3K.
critique8013 In the European TV industry movies like this one are called "stickers". TV stations buy them and air them because when they wanted to buy broadcast rights to let's say Titanic some not-really-blockbusters were a part of the deal.<br /><br />14 Hours is a story of a hospital its employees and patients who have to face the worst flood slash storm ever. Unfortunately almost from every scene or shot one can tell that is was a low-budget film.<br /><br />Newborn babies are very obviously not real there is no background action and probably the worst thing is the doctor-acting. The actors are not believable in their roles: their lines when spoken sound way too memorized as if this was a read-out camera test.
critique8014 Danny is beyond sorry.<br /><br />He keeps making the same mistakes and is no longer interesting to watch. At first I could feel for him as an addict myself. My heart went out to him at the beginning and somewhere along the line he went over the line. It is almost as if he is continuing this behavior to keep the show going and at the same time is seriously risking his life and the welfare of his family especially his children. It is difficult even to have pity for the poor boy. I think he needs to watch this show maybe then he might have a chance a saving this marriage. I can't understand how Gretchen stays with him and I keep wondering how much is just for show and how much is love. Danny get a life - a new one that is! ...and don't get me started on Dr. Gary. What is with him and his face? His skin looks like it's stretched to the max. Besides that looks don't mean a thing yet he seems not to be particularly impartial. I think he too is keeping this going for his own monetary gain and often not in the best interests of either Gretchen or Danny. These people are few confused and each remind me of a dog chasing its tail. sad very sad. C'mon pull yourselves together.
critique8015 ...they bothered making this movie? Anyone? I didn't think so.<br /><br />If you are looking for a coming-of-age movie go rent Summer of '42. This is no Summer of '42.<br /><br />When your big stars are Nolte & Sarsgaard & Sarsgaard gets more screen time that is your first warning sign And of course for such an "artsy" movie there is plenty of cursing & skin flung around just to make it look "artsy".<br /><br />Sarsgaard did his usual uninteresting cardboard character punctuated by moments that were supposed to be intense. The intensity is that of someone with bi-polar disorder.<br /><br />Miller is most famous for her looks & what she had to say about the city of Pittsburgh after this movie. Pittsburgh SHOULD hold a grudge against her. She misrepresented an actual Pittsburgh native.<br /><br />Foster gave Sarsgaard a run for his money in the cardboard acting style. Wow! Was this his first role after high school graduation?<br /><br />So we have this weird triangle. Foster has a crush on Miller but is with his boss/girlfriend. He can't take Miller to bed & won't take his boss to bed. So he hangs with Sarsgaard & Miller & watches them get it on.<br /><br />Then after one of Sarsgaard's pseudo-intense moments Foster & Miller get it on a scene that we are "treated" to in every sloppy moaning detail. Finally just to round it all out Foster & Sarsgaard get it on with Foster in the Miller role. Now I know how 2 guys get it on (as if that was ever anything I needed to know).<br /><br />After all that all that's left is the tragic ending for one character & the retrospective views of the remaining 2. It gets me right in the pit of my stomach. Oh wait! That was the pepperoni pizza I just had.<br /><br />I'd like back the time this movie took out of my life please.
critique8016 THE AFFAIR is a very bad TV movie from the 1970s starring the then-husband-wife team of Robert Wagner and Natalie Wood as hesitant lovers. She has polio and leads a reclusive existence as a pop song writer. He's an ambitious lawyer who is very outgoing and absolutely smitten with her. Their affair such as it is is doomed from the start and she knows it but goes along with it anyway. Two things to watch for if you are trapped into watching this: Wood's Jane Fonda hairdo that is never mussed no matter what and a tune she sings early in this dreadful flick. She sings it for four or five or six minutes so you know it's classic padding between commercials. It also is one of the worst songs ever written and the woman doing Wood's singing voice should have been shot and put out of her misery. Also keep an eye out for all the peasant tops and dresses. By comparison Wagner looks relatively timeless with close-cropped hair and sporting a series of classic suits.
critique8017 Some people have made a point of dissing this movie because they question the plausibility of black people in the Old West Asian people in the Old West or women with guns in the Old West period. Get a grip and read a book. There were quite a few Asians (Chinese) there were quite a few blacks (freedmen) and everybody outside of the gentile class had ready access to guns; it is the second amendment you know. And as far as the use of modern language goes none of those Westerns people have waxed nostalgic about actually used language that was consistent with the era depicted. Americans had different accents used different inflections spoke at a very different pace and used plenty of words and phrases that would be unrecognizable today. Don't blame historical inaccuracy for the fact that you just didn't dig it. Be honest. Maybe you're just uncomfortable with what you're seeing.
critique8018 Wow what a great premise for a film : Set it around a film maker with writer`s block who decides to take up tango lessons . Hey and what an even better idea cast the central role to a film maker who`s interested in tango. Gosh I wish I had that knack for genius . Yes I`m being sarcastic.<br /><br />It amazes me that these type of zero potential for making money movies are made . Come on unless you`re a rabid tango fan ( I do concede they do exist judging by the comments ) or a die hard member of the Sally Potter fan club ( ? ) there`s nothing in this film that will make you rush off to the cinema to see it . Even if you`re into tango much of the film is taken up with meaningless scenes like a house getting renovated or a man in wheelchair going along a road <br /><br />Coming soon THE REVIEW LESSON where a failed screenwriter from Scotland sits in front of a computer writing very sarcastic but highly entertaining reviews of films he`s seen . Gasp in shock as Theo Robertson puts the boot into the latest Hollywood blockbusters  weep in sympathy as he gets yet another rejection letter from a film company  fall in lust as he takes a bath and rubs soap over his well toned body . THE REVIEW LESSON coming soon to a cinema near you if anyone is stupid enough to fund the movie<br /><br />PS Sally Potter is unrelated to Harry Potter
critique8019 This is not the video nastie but only because it came out in 1994 when they were presumably tired of the whole thing in Britain. It is 75% a rehash of The Boogeyman and would have been banned for the same reason - whatever that was.<br /><br />I was initially confused as I thought that Annie (Kelly Galindo) may have been a different Lacey but she was someone trouble by psychic visions of a boogeyman similar to the one in the first film. Fans will immediately note that they are not the same person.<br /><br />After seeing a murder in a bathroom and also seeing the address as well Annie her psychiatrist and a para psychology student who greatly resembles the guy on the cheap romance novels and butter commercials head to the house and sure enough it's the same bathroom. 24 hours later a murder happens just as she described. Of course we have no idea who this boobilicious woman is or why she was murdered.<br /><br />Then the movie shift to a rerunning of The Boogeyman story with some extra footage that we did not see in the original. Notably the boogeyman is shown unlike the original. Sadly some of the good scenes were cut but 90% of it is there. Why rerun this film? Did they find the footage in the trash? What was the purpose? <br /><br />We'll never know and despite the psychologist telling Annie she is cured we all know the bogeyman will never die.
critique8020 When I saw the preview I thought: this is going to be a great movie. And indeed it could have been. The actress playing the main character was very credible and the beauty of the filming is undeniable. However the dialogues cast a dark shadow on the whole picture. The level of language was too familiar and too contemporary for an action taking place in 1610 and it took away most of the magic of the film. However I must congratulate the translator because the English sub-titles were more refined and appropriate that the original French cues and it probably explains the good rating the movie received on the imbd!
critique8021 I watched this movie purely for the setting. It was filmed in an old hotel that a friend owns shares of. The plot was predictable the acting was mediorcre at best the scares were all gross-outs not true scares.<br /><br />I don't remember much of the plot and I think that's because there wasn't much of one to remember. They didn't even use the hotel to it's fullest potential...The beaches are fantastic and the hotel is situated on a peninsula. At low tide you can walk almost 1/4 mile into the bay which is actually an eerie sight first thing in the morning or late at night when the wind is howling through the cracks.<br /><br />The best way to see this movie is with the remote in your hand so you can fast forward through the action (and I'm using that term loosly)scenes and pause at the beauty of the surroundings!
critique8022 When naÃƒÂ¯ve young Eddie Hatch a window dresser at Savory's Department Store falls for a statue of Venus and gives her a chaste kiss Venus steps off her pedestal and gives Eddie more than he bargained for. This creaking example of what Hollywood can do to a Broadway musical manages to emphasize the inane story and eliminate most of the first-rate songs. The purpose was to make a safe popular movie without too much investment while capitalizing on Ava Gardner's upward mobility to super stardom. Robert Walker as Eddie gets lost in a thankless role. Eddie's not just naive but dithering and hapless. Gardner is gorgeous but the only things that give the movie any life are Olga San Juan as Eddie's loving but jealous girl friend Tom Conway as the suave owner of Savory's and Eve Arden as Savory's long time wise cracking secretary. It's a role Arden could play in her sleep and she's good at it. <br /><br />The musical opened on Broadway in 1943 and made Mary Martin a big-time star. The only point of a musical however is to have music. Since One Touch of Venus was intended to be a social satire of sorts Kurt Weill composing and Ogden Nash writing the lyrics came up with a series of stylish witty songs and one masterpiece. Without the satire or the clever songs or Martin (or an equivalent showstopper) the movie becomes just a weak comedy fantasy where much of the comedy is predictable and the fantasy is worked to death. <br /><br />Not only did the producers of the movie toss out almost all the Weill/Nash songs they brought in the movie's music director Ann Ronell to write new lyrics for one of the songs that survived turning sharp observation into lovey-dovey romance. Ronell was no hack; she wrote Willow Weep for Me. Wonder what she thought about while she replaced or tweaked Ogden Nash's clever work. <br /><br />The one bright spot in the movie is that Weill/Nash masterpiece. "Speak Low" is as great a love song as anyone ever wrote. It's given one of those ultra-professional and lifeless treatments by Eileen Wilson dubbing Gardner. Dick Haymes contributes a chorus. <br /><br />As for Ann Ronell she was one of the few women in Hollywood to become a major music director as well as composer and lyric writer. Yours for a Song: The Women of Tin Pan Alley is a fascinating documentary of some of the women who made it in the business including Ronell Kay Swift Dorothy Fields and Dana Suess. And for those who would like to hear what little of the Weill/Nash score was recorded by the original Broadway cast you might be able to track down the CD One Touch Of Venus (1943 Original Cast) / Lute Song (1946 Original Cast). The music is paired with Lute Song another Broadway show that starred Martin.
critique8023 Well where to start describing this celluloid debacle? You already know the big fat NADA passing as a plot so let's jut point out that this is so PC it's offensive. Hard to believe that Frank Oz the same guy that gave us laugh riots like Little Shop of Horrors and Bowfinger made this unfunny mess.<br /><br />So this guy doesn't know he's gay till this actor points it out. OK sure. If anyone ever says I'm gay I'll know the truth even if I currently like girls more than George Luca$ likes a dollar.<br /><br />And how to know the true nature of my sexuality? Well if I like classic litterature dancing and Barbra Streisand I'm gay. If I dress like a blind man in a hurry (with half my shirt hanging out) I'm straight. Oh sure.<br /><br />And here's the big clichÃƒÂ© of clichÃƒÂ©s: no matter how you look there's always a very attractive Hollywood actor who'll adore every bit of grease under your skin or a top model who'll love your zero IQ your butt-ugly face and your pointing-out ears. If all those gay common places weren't enough to get me angry this did. In real world looks matter folks and I know for sure.<br /><br />I see it coming: now you'll say "Relax! It's a comedy! Don't take it so seriously!". If being a comedy gives anything "carte blanche" to suck out loud I think the world has a serious problem. Wouldn't be much better (and funnier) to make a movie to denegate those old tiresome clichÃƒÂ©s instead of magnifying them over and over again?<br /><br />So one of the absolutely worst movies I've ever seen. 1 out of 10. If giving this rating has something to do with my sexual tendence please let me know. I'm interested.
critique8024 Walker Texas Ranger is one of the worst shows produced in the past 10 years. The script for James 'Jimmy' Trivette Walker's sidekick is about as pathetically written of a part as Wesley Crusher on Star Trek TNG and is played with about as much conviction.<br /><br />On this show people don't respond the way people respond to things in real life--everyone is polarized--everyone is either a completely good guy or a completely bad guy (unless Walker himself has a 2 minute talk with them and then they change instantly). That's not how life works that's not how people are. This show doesn't take place in this reality.<br /><br />The plot lines are about as realistic as Murder She Wrote a show where an arrogant old lady can just walk into people's houses without them getting angry and she can demand that police officers do what she wants and they bend over backwards for her. With Walker everyone on the show including the "bad guys" act like he's the sort of hero that myths and fairy tales are made of and time itself bends to his whim. The lines that sometimes come out of people's mouths on this show are beyond ridiculous. It's as if the scriptwriter for the part of Wesley Crusher (for the "serious" parts) and the scriptwriter for Bob Saget's funniest home videos (for the "humor" parts) got together and wrote all the scripts for this show.<br /><br />This show is for people who think that good always prevails over evil. It's for the elderly. It's for wishful thinkers. It's for people who want to be guaranteed to always have a happy ending. It's for people who want to drift away into oblivion. It's for people whose drug of choice is their television.<br /><br />I cringe every time I see even a commercial for this show. My opinion is that it is THE worst show to be on television in the last 10 years.<br /><br />I used to like Chuck Norris but this show has forever tainted him in my mind. I can't even watch his older movies without thinking of this show.
critique8025 I'm somewhat of a fan of Lynche's work so I was excited when I found this DVD. Unfortunately I was very let down. It's a series of short cartoons which attempt to show a disturbing and disgusting sort of humor. The animation is very crude no doubt done using Macromedia. Each cartoon has a big fat guy beating up his family and generally acting like a jerk to everyone he knows. <br /><br />For people who are not familiar with this vein of animation they will probably be somewhat impressed by it. However if you've spent much time on Newgrounds.com like me then these cartoons will be no different than any of the other stuff you've seen before. Many of the popular amateur artists on Newgrounds are doing much better work than what was shown on this DVD. If Lynch submitted this work to the website then he would blend in perfectly with some of the better of Newgrounds artists. But since I saw this on DVD instead of on Newgrounds I give it a 4/10 instead of a 7/10 as I would have otherwise. These cartoons are fit for the internet but with a name like David Lynch on it I expected better quality both in story and in animation.
critique8026 Riotously cheesy lunacy about lava spewing from the La Brea tar pits in Los Angeles. Even if you attempt to suspend disbelief by ignoring this ludicrous premise you'll still be howling with laughter at the inane dialog nonsensical plot contrivances and wildly reckless scientific plot holes that parade across the screen.<br /><br />I have a theory: every successful actor is doomed to appear in at least one bad movie at some point in his/her career. This was Tommy Lee Jones's turn. Although he makes a decent effort the script is just so pathetic even he goes down in flames (oops sorry about that). Most of the supporting cast is also choked by the hackneyed writing; a few of the actors simply phone in their roles. Anne Heche deserves special Hall of Shame recognition for her awkward portrayal of a scientist. She is about as convincing in this role as Pee Wee Herman and even he would have at least done a better acting job.<br /><br />Since the scientific plot holes are too numerous to list here I would instead suggest that you screen the film with friends and have a game of "Find the scientific absurdities." The loser could be forced to listen to tapes of corny lines from the movie like "Everybody looks the same" over and over. Here's a sample of the kind of nonsense you can expect: a scheme to blow up a building is devised engineered and the dynamite set and detonated all within a space of about 20 minutes. <br /><br />Let us not forget the obligatory disaster movie clichÃƒÂ©s: divorced dads scientists who get ignored by everybody obnoxious cops tough street kids bratty teenagers greedy investors etc.; all are present and in abundance. The film also bashes you over the head with a relentless barrage of political correctness.<br /><br />For fans of cheese and silliness only. All other viewers: beware.
critique8027 I can't believe anyone thought there was anything original or interesting about this movie. I'm a fan of science fiction as much as the next guy and I can enjoy even old movies with ridiculous premises as long when they are written by someone other than a monkey. (See for example my glowing review of Altered States 1980.)<br /><br />A monkey could have explained better exactly why I should for a second take seriously the basic idea behind this movie. The problem is not that the producers had a low budget--it's that they didn't care.<br /><br />Now to publicly humiliate the worthless magazines whose glowing reviews appear on the box:<br /><br />Chicago Tribune<br /><br />San Francisco Chronicle<br /><br />San Francisco Bay Guardian<br /><br />(Actually I enjoy reading the latter two. Still their movie reviewing credibility has gone through the floor. But I know if I ever make a movie with handheld camera a cheesy plot and stupid effects I'll show it to these journalists and remind them what they said about Conceiving Ada.)
critique8028 Hands down the worst movie I have ever seen. I thought nothing would ever dethrone Last Action Hero but this does easily. The movie is about 3 single guys who meet on Sundays to discuss their sexual escapades from the weekend. A fourth guy - who is married and - that used to be a part of the group shows up and talks about what he and his wife do. Nothing works in this movie. The jokes are not funny but they are repeated throughout the movie. The big kicker at the end of the movie is laughable. Avoid at all costs.
critique8029 One can deal with historical inaccuracies but this film was just too much. Practically nothing was even close to truth and even for the era it was seen as silly.<br /><br />In defense of ford it was revealed on an old talk show that he was operating on the story as told to him by the real Wyatt Earp who was obviously old senile and replayed the scene his own way. Earp told the director about the stagecoach and how it was planned to happen during the stagecoach arrival so despite what other historians claim Wyat himself asserts that it was premeditated.<br /><br />This movie portrays Earp as an honest man and also his brothers. History doesn't exactly say they were or weren't. Most people like to interject a bit of deceit and lawlessness into their characters but that is nothing new. The truth is probably closer to them being the law abiding sorts of GUNFIGHT AT THE OK CORRAL. Men who saw it as a career and believe me in the old West you didn't have time to think about too much else.<br /><br />Characters that don't exist characters depicted dying at the corral who really didn't all make this a weaker film. It is further weakened by Mature who really didn't make a convincing Doc. He may be the worst cast choice ever for Doc but at the same time we must remember that older movies were closer to the era and closer to a feel for the truth. After all ford did get information first hand from Wyatt Earp.<br /><br />It is also weakened by the all so predictable events involving the Mexican girl. Hollywood was very pro Nazi in those days and ready to kill off brunette women in very predictable fashion to show their patronage to Hitler idealism. This occurs in most movies until the eighties. It is no excuse and does cheapen the art however.<br /><br />The actors who play the Earps do well and Brennan is always a thrill. In fact Mature may be the only acting downside of this flick. Still it is the weakest of the old OK Corral movies.
critique8030 I'd been following this films progress for quite some time so perhaps expected a little too much. I consider both Gillian Anderson and Danny Dyer to be good at what they do and was interested to see what Dan Reed could come up with but unfortunately it just didn't work for me.<br /><br />The problem lies in the fact that the film doesn't really seem to understand which genre it's falling into and as such it fails to impress on drama horror and thriller elements because rather than focusing on one of them and doing it well it's a bit of a jack of all trades and master of none.<br /><br />The premise (as with most revenge films) is simple couple meet and go out something bad happens and they get their revenge it's a simple formula and one that many directors have handled expertly over the years. Unfotunately in this case it's as if Dan Reed thought "It'd be great to do one of those revenge films that goes a little deeper by showing a more human side to all the characters and delving into their mental state in more detail...." Wrong! There are also a few key elements missing in this type of movie there's generally some kind of warning. A don't do this or this might happen element which adds to the tension but there's nothing of the sort here. It just simply happens then nothing happens for an hour then something interesting happens and then it ends.<br /><br />There's a lot of really stiff competition in this genre and hats of to Dan Reed for trying I have no issue with his directing abilities but in term of writing... I'd say next time he should stick to the formula for the type of film he's making instead of trying to be too clever and he'll have a quality movie on his hands.
critique8031 I am currently watching this movie and I have absolutely no hesitation in reviewing it now. The acting is ridiculous. Half the cast must be retired porno actors and to get kicked off pornos you could imagine the quality of acting.<br /><br />The graphics are unlike anything I have ever seen. I think there are puppet shows with more believability. They can't even afford blanks for the guns they shoot at the pathetic excuse for monsters. Perhaps I should also note how incredibly impressed I am at the number of 'bullets' their pistols can hold. <br /><br />If asked to summarise the movie I would say that someone had rustled up a group of complete no-hopers at the local county-fair slapped them on an island added needlessly intense music and let a 6 year old do the editing.<br /><br />I can honestly not formulate any possible explanation for why this movie was released recorded on DVD and costs $6 from my local video store for one day. If anything I have received the benefit of knowing that I am a lot smarter than all parties involved in this film.<br /><br />I hate this movie with great intensity. Why? I wish I knew Captain I wish I knew....
critique8032 It was definitely worth viewing I don't regret that. But also it was kind of ordinary. Something that I would expect from a movie titled like that. Love story was nice to watch. Humour was involved but nothing surprised or spooked me. Shooting "tough guys" etc. ain't worth it any more.
critique8033 These writers are trying to re-create the characters they have on "scrubs" in a different occupation however the characters they are stuck with have no charisma or acting ability not to mention the writing seems poor and effortless. These guys are trying to create something that would be good if the writing wasn't so disgusting which is leaving the shows only lifeline to be two attractive teachers that that are barely keeping it alive. The humor in this show seems like it is trying to target an audience with an I.Q. of 40 or below. Another reason why this show is becoming a failure could be that the writing on the show "scrubs" is excellent and this show has to follow it up leaving the viewer in an odd position not knowing whether to cry or to just lose hope in new sitcoms all together. This is just my opinion but i think these guys should stop now before they humiliate themselves anymore than they have already.
critique8034 Andy Milligan the independent movie maker from New York directs this little "treat" as his version of the Sweeney Todd legend. Sweeney slits the throats of customers in his barbershop and his cohort Mrs. Lovett turns them into meat pies. Thankfuly I was well-informed of the plot prior to seeing this film travesty. Milligan for my money has to indeed be running in the lead of worst directors of all-time race. Ed Wood looks like Orson Welles in comparison. This movie is so bad in oh so many ways. Let's take Milligan's direction for starters. The film quality is grainy. The sound quality is grainy. Many scenes look as if Milligan was using a camcorder to film. The credits say "Photograped and directed by Andy Milligan." He wants to take credit for ceilings showing up after a death scene? How about the atrocious musical score selected for the film? The film cuts with one poor transition after another. Little logic is used in the creation of the plot. The story has little to do with the actual legend of Todd. The murder scenes are plentiful but not horrifying in any way. Hands legs and other appendages are cut with the skill in which the editing was done: choppily! And let's take the breast in the pie scene. Yes it is in there. The pie maker didn't know that an entire breast with nipple filled an entire pie crust? Later we hear from our characters that they "have been careful not to get caught" for the 200 plus murders they have done. Obviously they are a couple of boobs not able to keep abreast of what is going on(sorry it was too tempting). The actors are not too terribly bad to be honest. Some even have glimmers of talent and all seem to be genuine English articles. Many non-erotic nude scenes are forced throughout. Milligan seemingly has some issues regarding sex. Plot strands are left untied. The ending is almost unwatchable due to poor camera work. I could go on and on. Did I like anything about the film? Not much to be truthful. I have a high level of acceptance for films of this ilk in terms of low budgets and marginal talent but this film lacks any real purpose other than to be crude and sick.
critique8035 Everyone else who has commented negatively about this film have done excellent analysis as to why this film is so bloody awful. I wasn't going to comment but the film just bugs me so much and the writer/director in particular. So I must toss in my hat to join the naysayers.<br /><br />I saw the original "Wicker Man" and really loved the cornucopia of music sensuality paganism in a modern world and the clash of theological beliefs. This said I am not part of the crowd that thinks remakes of great movies shouldn't be done. For example I liked the original 1950's "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" but equally enjoyed the 1978 remake. Both films can stand on their own. Another example is "The Thing". The original as campy as it looks compared to today's standards has a lot to be proud of in the 1982 remake with Kurt Russell (my all time favorite horror movie). So that small minority of people who like "The Wicker Man" re-make can not accuse me of dissing this piece of crap just because it's a re-make.<br /><br />This film solidified for me Neil LaBute's sexism and misogynistic tendencies. It also made me wonder how executives wanting to make a serious thriller would green light a product that is so anti-female. There are too many scenes of Cage hitting women just because he's frustrated with them thwarting his investigation of a missing girl. would he react like this off the island in other cases where suspects aren't forthcoming? The original created a society in which men and women are equal participants in a Goddess based religion. The threat to the main character came from everyone male and female. There was no sexual hierarchy.<br /><br />The metaphor of bees drones etc was a bit heavy handed and convenient ("The drone must die!") especially when Cage's character has bee allergies. I kept wondering why the men on the island didn't fight back and use mere physicality to stop these women from treating them like grunts. These were not women with special supernatural powers and half of them seemed to be pregnant the other half old and fat and the rest girls and thin blonde waifs so if the men really wanted to escape they could do what most men do when they hate women. Physically dominate them. There didn't seem to be any guns or weapons beyond cutting tools to hold them if they were unhappy. But if they were content being drones why make them unable to speak? They could be used as a threat to Cage because they will defend the community. They are drones because Neil LaBute seems to believe that a society ran by women would leave men castrated. (That movie was made already. "The Stepford Wives" anyone?) Classic symptoms from men who are afraid of what may happen if women got their sh*t together and were truly equal citizens.<br /><br />The problem with the man-hating female society is that it makes uninteresting movie viewing and creates unintentional humor when Cage starts knocking women out. I belief LaBute should've left the society an egalitarian one kept the sexuality and uninhibited lasciviousness and pushed buttons of discomfort in regards to the children on that island. No one likes pedophiles or children to be sexually exploited. So how would a cop react if he saw lewd acts performed by adults with children around? There would be a logical mental leap that these children are abused thus an urgency created to save the missing child and get help for all the children. LaBute has said he created the fiancÃƒÂ© and daughter story thread to give Cage's character an incentive to search. I don't think you need that. Any child abused will make an adult react to save them. The irony of course would be that the child Cage "saves" ultimately brings him death.<br /><br />The dialogue was contrived and campy. The whole third act was hilarious. The audience I saw it with guffawed (and later booed at the end). I just thought the movie started off wrong when the letter arrived written in the fancy handwriting and all the flashbacks cutting into to show how wounded Cage is. We don't need that. Just show him arriving on the island for an investigation of a missing child. Most of us in America have seen "Law & Order" and other cop procedurals. We come into the movie as if we are Cage's partner solving a mystery.<br /><br />So much potential...wasted. Neil LaBute stick to talking head pictures for people who enjoy your male angst-ridden plays and flicks of that sort. Stay with your own company of men. Leave the thrillers for people who understand thrillers. Here is your jar of honey. I'll watch that.
critique8036 Van Damme. What else can I say? Bill Goldberg. THERE WE GO. NOW we know this movie is going to be really horrible.<br /><br />I saw the first five minutes of this movie on TBS knowing it would be bad. But not even I thought it would be THIS bad. The plot is awful Van Damme is getting old (finally) but unlike Arnold his movies are as well.<br /><br />Forget this movie. Don't see it. Ever. I wouldn't even be paid to see this film.<br /><br />1/5 stars - at its heart lies a wonderful action-packed thrill ride.<br /><br /> Well maybe not but the marketers would sure like us to think so wouldn't they?<br /><br />John Ulmer
critique8037 I suggest that in the future any movie made by the Sci fi channel and subsequently released on DVD must say that it was indeed made by such channel as I would not buy this stuff if I had known this fact. Not that this was all bad but when you have fade out for commercials in the middle of your movie it just ruins the flow of said film. This in turn makes the movie rather more boring. This one had an interesting story however the light hearted and extremely generic soundtrack distracted one from the film as did most of the bad actors with the exception of Dien and Linda Carter. The story vampires are on the attack in South America of course the rules of vampire movies are not in effect which the usually aren't in any of the movies about vampires I have seen lately with the exception of the Blade trilogy. Group of soldiers are sent down to battle said squad another team is sent to meet up with the team and to track down the ex wife of one of the soldiers...why she is not just his wife who knows as this part of the plot really goes no where. Still we get an interesting boat ride some nice jungle scenery and a lot of blood. This fact however does not save the film from being way to jerky in its presentation and really dull seeming at times. I don't know maybe it was the cgi blood and smoke and whatever they have to make cgi now even though old effects look better and don't cost that much more. I mean cheap Italian zombie movies could do a bullet hole without cgi why can't we now?
critique8038 This is a typical college comedy and its very average. The story is OK but not very entertaining. Its about a unlucky guy named Reno who looses his job gets his car ripped off and then his uncle dies in a stripbar. His got a girlfriend though (a nice one btw. :-). Anyway this uncle gives him his mansion in LA and mercedes as heritage and soon Reno and his girlfriend moves to LA to this new house. The problem is that they would need some roommates in order to pay the high rent for this house and so the film unfolds... <br /><br />The movie starts OK and has a few funny jokes here and there but the suddenly the movie takes a turn straight down to hell... The ending is BAD. Really BAD. It destroys everything about the movie. You will know what I'm talking about when you see the movie...<br /><br />2/10
critique8039 I really wanted to like this movie but I just couldn't. It had the potential to be a really cool hip remake of a cool show but that's where it fell apart. It was too hip too cool. First of all all the cool lines and scenes were showcased in the preview trailers which I'd seen lots of times. And the editing was very disjointed so that the scenes didn't seem to flow together and they all seemed out of place. Claire Danes who I love as an actress failed to make this her break through to the beyond high school acting roles. The only bright spot was Giovanni Ribisi as Pete. His slightly stupid yet actually smart style was funny and refreshing. Overall though I'd recommend just watching the previews instead of seeing the movie and wishing it was more.
critique8040 I watched the first few episodes a short while back and felt I couldn't take it anymore. The horrible looking fight scenes are the worst I've ever scene in my life. About one-third of each episode is dedicated to Flash Gordon and his "mighty" fight moves. I know fight choreography from that era isn't exactly up to par with today's standards but this is ridiculous. They don't even try to make it look realistic. Flash Gordon who hardly resembles a fighter uses his drunken slow moves and bare fist to knock out four or five guys with knives guns and other weapons. Give me a break! There's also a scene where he does some similar act while in the water. Basically every episode has scenes similar to that. As for the rest of the episode there's not much else I remember. I basically viewed it out of curiosity on what science fiction looked like 70 years ago.
critique8041 I pride myself in being able to sit through everything. I think "if I've paid the rental fee then I'm going to at least watch it". I have found the exception to this rule- The Planet. I don't know what the exchange rate is but reading through the other comments I can only guess that Ã‚Â£8000 must be around $150. I'll date myself but this movie reminds me of the old Steve Reeves movies of the 50's. He was a bodybuilder turned actor. He was in these really awful Italian dubbed movies that starred Reeves as Hercules or some other muscle bound hero. As a kid watching them you couldn't quite articulate why these movies stunk- you just knew they did. Mike Mitchell IS the new Steve Reeves. That's it.. that's what this really was- a new telling of an old Italian "Spaghetti Sand and Sandals" movie. And I kid you not- where was Reeves born? Glasgow Montana. This movie isn't so bad that it's kind of fun to watch- it's just plain bad.
critique8042 I can envision the writers of this story thinking up this script:<br /><br />1.Let's make a serial killer movie like Se7en Knight Moves Copycat and Silence of the Lambs. People like serial killer stuff. It'll sell... 2.The killer needs to adopt some sort of pattern. I know; he'll copy it out of a serial killer mystery novel. That hasn't been done yet at least not exactly like that. 3.Now we need some kind of way to make this movie unique; of course the good guy can be bedridden like in Rear Window. 4.Lastly we need a twist ending that will give this movie the success of The Sixth Sense and The Usual Suspects.<br /><br />Okay now that you know these things you know the whole movie so don't waste your money. One thing I really hate about moviemakers is that they take a perfectly good concept for movies and completely run them into the ground. I wrote better stories than this when I was in Junior High. I just kept checking my watch every five minutes. When the twist ending finally came I wasn't shocked I just said "Oh. Who cares?!" The characters are two-dimensional. They have your typical movie personalities. This movie is just proof that stealing the elements of other successful movies is no excuse for a bad script. I give this movie 1 out of 10. Normally it would earn at least 2 or 3 but I'm so sick of the unoriginality. When will they learn? 1/10
critique8043 Not a terrible film -- my 10 year old boy loved it and he would be the target demographic so I guess they hit the spot. Pretty dull for an adult though.<br /><br />Hard to relate to animated lego characters even mod high-tech ones.<br /><br />I thought the choice of the three great virtues of the Bionicle world was a bit odd -- unity duty and destiny. Am I the only one who thinks those sound just a bit fascistic? Especially destiny. What about freedom equality justice etc.?<br /><br />Oh well it will sell Lego. Kind of dull for a movie but not bad for a 74-minute advertisement. Could have been a lot worse.
critique8044 WOW!<br /><br />I just was given this film from a friend of mine who bought it for 1.98 at Walmart and he felt that he got taken! It is beyond boring most of the scenes are filmed in front of a green screen the acting is somewhat improvised almost as if they didn't have a script. The Martians are CGI which look like they were done by a novice or a Fan produced movie. I cannot stress just how bad this DVD really is!<br /><br />Example: In one of the scenes the martians are torturing a local female captive. She goes from a woman in front of a green screen to a CGI copy of that woman. The change is totally noticeable and when she is killed you can see that it is a computer figure looking like something from a game back in 1990!<br /><br />If at all possible avoid this movie like the plague! You can download two trailers from their site and see how god-awful it really is!
critique8045 I'll be honest-- the pimped out purple plane with Snoop Dogg at the helm is an amusing visual gag. It would have been a decent concept for a 30 second commercial or maybe a 3 minute music video. But the producers have committed the age-old concept comedy sin of stretching 30 seconds of material into an hour and a half of film and the results are predictably lame. The remainder of the 89 minutes are filled with the typical gamut of racist and sexist humor and fart jokes offensive and-- worst of all-- painfully unfunny. The threadbare plot screams under the weight of its contrivances. Best to be avoided unless you are drunk or stoned.
critique8046 Ego. Seems it's the only reason this movie was made. This movie is so wrong in so many ways that it's below one's dignity to write much about it. Every character was only good at self praise and lead actors (i use this term liberally as has the director) emote in the likeness of stone. the little story if that fails on the basic aspects such as logic feeling and drama. Direction leaves much to be desired. blatant flaws are all over the place (character motives aren't defined prospective husbands are found overnight broken car windows mend themselves among other things)<br /><br />Let's face it Himesh can't act. neither it seems can Hansika Motwani. In her defense she's still a chubby child who looks older than she is thanks to tonnes of make-up. Raj Babbar Overacts and makes his little presence as fake as possible. Darshan Jariwala laughs a bit too much. The actor who plays Himesh's friend is the only natural. <br /><br />a few questions do come to mind: how can such a film cost Rs.500000000?? where did the money go??? granted that one chase sequence was moderately well shot and Mallika Sherawat was paid an obscene Rs.15000000 for her 15 minute appearance and 2 songs. but the sheer stupidity of the film boggles the mind. (including 3 Mumbai auto rickshaws that show up and jump on a police car)<br /><br />the good: Himesh shows courage by allowing the film to make fun of his nasal voice and trademark "topi." Let's give the Devil his due: Himesh as usual gives good music.<br /><br />The bad: Direction Story Himesh's singing is still hard to ignore<br /><br />The Ugly: Dialogs and everything else!!!<br /><br />Final Word: Painful in every sense of the word! watch this movie only if you loved Subhash Ghai's "Yaadein"
critique8047 This Hal Roach comedy short A Tough Winter is the ninety-ninth in the "Our Gang/Little Rascals" series and the eleventh talkie. Bascally a showcase for black comic Stepin Fetchit who gets special billing here we see him going to his shack where the gang hangs out. Farina retrieves a love letter from the mail for him and is told by Stepin to read it since he can't read it during the day as he goes to NIGHT school. It happens to be from his sweetheart in Tennesse so now Farina has to have his ears stuffed with cotton since it's too hot for him to hear! In another room Weezer relays instructions to Mary Ann of making taffy from the radio but because he keeps running back and forth to the kitchen he misses the lady announcer's segue to rice pudding and Spanish tamale confusing Mary Ann with additions of Tabasco and Lux! After the concoction is completed Jackie and the rest of the gang help themselves with the awful tasting but very sticky substance as everyone gets stuck on the walls as a result. As they all try to clean the mess Stepin works in the basement on various pipes and electrical outlets that mixes variable appliances' functions such a telephone that vacuums a vacuum that rings and a refrigerator that plays music! The End. What I've just described portends the meandering nature of this "Our Gang" short that served as the pilot for a potential Stepin Fetchit movie short series. It's just as well that it never took place as Fetchit's characterization of the lazy Negro was amusing only in small doses and would be considered highly offensive today. Many of the scenes I've just described are good for some laughs though the final sequence was so confusing that the results were just too blah for me. So in summary A Tough Winter is a curio worth seeing at least once. By the way Stepin's real name was Lincoln Theodore Perry.
critique8048 I have to admit that I am disappointed after seeing this movie. I had expected so much more from the trailers. The movie was absolutely horrible. It lacked a real story line and the acting was not exactly the best. Don't waste your time. The movie is not what the trailers lead you to think it is. I would have to say that I don't usually write anything about movies on IMDb (in fact this is my first one) but this movie was such a disappointment that I registered just to let people know not to waste their time or money. The story line is that of a heist that is to happen and it looks like it had potential to be good but the things that happen in the movie are a little far fetched to be believable. Watch another movie instead maybe the inside man???
critique8049 I am shocked to see that this movie has been given more than two stars by some people. They must either be kidding or be totally blind for the art of acting directing and other flaws of the movie.<br /><br />I must admit that I just could not force myself to sit through the whole movie it was just too bad.<br /><br />The three first characters not including the "digger" were just awful actors and I mean AWFUL! Maybe the director didn't care or may be he is a worse director. It was like watching a bad school play. The movie was of course filmed with a video camera (lowbudget - not real film) and the light settings were not very good either. In addition the sound man (if they had one) must either have been a newbie or a drunk as the sound were amateurish. Even in one of the first scenes from the kitchen (AWFUL acting btw) the sound from the dialog was pretty bad. For example when the woman moved her head while speaking you could hear her voice disappear and come back. It sounded like they had tried to correct that in post-production by turning up the volume a bit when she turns her head. In addition you had the ongoing irritating buzzing sound from either camera equipment or other sources in the kitchen. <br /><br />All these squeakers in the first 5 minutes or so. Need I say more?<br /><br />A good school project or fun project for friends to watch but should never have been released for a real audience especially not for a PAYING audience. THIS WAS A RIP OFF unless you have a very low standard regarding movies or just bad taste. You are WARNED! SB.
critique8050 Warning: This review contains a spoiler.<br /><br /> Wow. Almost impressively bad. Note I said "almost". This is nothing more than lots of random scenes strung together in a loose attempt at a story. The protagonists (you CANNOT call them "heroes") shoot innocent bystanders for their food and also rob same for similar reasons. There's also tons of homoeroticism which was a turnoff for me. (SPOILER: It seems as if the villainess (who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim) gets killed early on but miraculously recovers adding another 70 minutes of audience-torture.) I can't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic abomination. If you're in a MST3K mood you might find this watchable but for the most part you can forget it. Go rent the original Conan DVD instead.
critique8051 I haven't seen a lot of episodes of "Family Guy" and it's a pretty safe bet that I won't be seeing too many in the future. Some people say to compare this show to "The Simpsons" is unfair. I absolutely think this show wouldn't exist if "The Simpsons" hadn't come first and I absolutely think it wants so very much to be "The Simpsons". I don't understand what's so funny about this show. In the episodes that I've watched I've understood where they've WANTED me to laugh I understand that someone thinks a joke was just told but the joke isn't funny. I find the whole show to be lazy: the title the "jokes" there is a complete lack of inspiration throughout.<br /><br />The best shows on television (cartoon or not) are created like this: a script is written it goes through several rewrites stuff that doesn't work is taken out inspiration is sparked good stuff is added there are more rewrites and then it is filmed.<br /><br />I picture a "Family Guy" episode to be created like this: a script is written and it's filmed.
critique8052 This is without doubt the worst film in the Hamilton saga and the worst actor to do Carl Hamilton.Peter Stormare just cant pull it offwith his psychotic looks and no style at all.He may be good to do killers and psychotic maniacs like in "Fargo" or "8mm" but in this type of roleshe is just useless.<br /><br />Lena Olin's presence did no use for this film.She couldnt save it from being what it is:an americanized copy of big budget action movies like "Goldeneye""Die Hard 3""Broken Arrow" etc.This film has nothing swedish in it but the actors.Its clear that some norweagian upstart director with McTiernan as model director has made this.<br /><br />Mark Hamill's presence is only laughable. 2 out of 10
critique8053 Who could possibly have wished for a sequel to Bert I. Gordon's legendary bad trash-film "Food of the Gods"? Nobody of course but director Damien Lee thought it was a good idea anyway and he put together a belated sequel that stands as one of the most redundant movies in horror history. "Gnaw" is a sequel in name only as the setting moved to a typical late 80's location (a university campus) and also the cheap & cheesy gore effects perfectly illustrates the 80's. This script hangs together by clichÃƒÂ©s awfully written dialogs and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen from other (and more successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a goody two shoes scientist who performs growing-experiments on ordinary rodents in order to do a fellow scientist a favor. Due to some incredibly stupid animal rights activists the huge and ravenous rats escape and devour pretty much everyone on campus. Following the good old tradition that Spielberg's "Jaws" started there's an obnoxious Dean who refuses to admit the problem even though severely mutilated corpses are turning up everywhere. During a hysterically grotesque climax the rats invade the opening ceremony of the campus' new sport complex! "Gnaw: Food of the Gods 2" is terribly bad and therefore a lot of fun to watch! The characters do and say unimaginably stupid stuff (like descending into the sewers unarmed while they KNOW it's infested with rats) the acting is atrocious and there's a genuinely bizarre sequence involving the hero having sex under the influence of growth-serum! I wonder what Freud's theory would be on that! There's a satisfying amount of gore and sleaze and Ã‚Â– it has to be said Ã‚Â– the music is surprisingly atmospheric. In case you just can't get enough of this junk there are quite a lot of creature-features revolving on mutated rats like the Italian schlock film "Rats: Night of Terror" the modest 70's cult film "Willard" and its lame sequel "Ben" the 2003 "Willard" remake starring Crispin Glover and the surprisingly good recent rat-movies by once-famous directors Tibor Ticaks ("Rats") and John Lafia ("The Rats"). Go nuts!
critique8054 I could not believe it. This film was a total wast of time out of my life. The title is appropriate. Love didn't beat the hell out of me this film did. I kept watching and watching and waiting and waiting and hoping for something anything to happen. And nothing ever happened! Nothing!! Terrence Howard couldn't even save this lame piece of work called a film. It was dark and confused and I didn't get who killed the girlfriend in the end. The tone and pacing of the film was supposed to be building to a dramatic climactic ending. This only served to confuse the audience because the movie just plodded along going no where. If you want pure torture watch this film.
critique8055 Hi guys this is my first review and I would had to have picked the worst movie to review. As I only watched 5 minutes of it but trust me you could see this movie was going nowhere. The acting was deplorable the camera work and lighting looked as though it was shot and run by a pack of 10 year old's. No offence to 10 year olds.I just couldn't take anymore I got off my couch took the The House of Adam DVD out of the DVD player and threw it in the garbage. Maybe if you are a Colin Farrell fan this movie may interest you because the character in the movie Anthony is a Colin Farrell look a like. But that is as far as it goes he certainly will never have col's acting abilities. I gave this movie a rating of 1 (awful) only because there were no minuses in the drop down list cheers.
critique8056 I have nothing more to say but it was awful. I cannot imagine why Helen Mirren and others were part of this degrading mess. And if certain actors don't want people to question their sexuality then perhaps they should refrain from making more of these films. There was at least one seen that left me curious. Just my opinion. SHUDDER to think what was going on that was cut from the film. SHUDDER to wonder what went through the minds of the actors who made this film. Shudder to think about the thought process and voyeurism that went on in the directors mind. Like I stated before its a degrading mess. Its not even funny. As Ebert said of the film Caligula with Malcolm McDowell Its not a good film not a good story and its not even good porn. YEESHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH............
critique8057 ... to not live in Montana and especially not to live there at the end of the 19th century.<br /><br />"A river runs through it" certainly is a well made movie from a cineastic stand-point. Great landscapes Redford acting well.<br /><br />Unfortunately the story is bad (if there is a story at all).<br /><br />I felt sorry for the narrator / author who is as dry narrow-minded a character as his father a preacher. Being driven not driving his own life he is left to watch his brother who is also caged in the small town environment losing his life. The author never even comes close to undestand his brother's motivations but at least realizes that he is lacking the slightest amount of homour / fun. All there is is fly-fishing where he follows even as an old man the style of his father.<br /><br />The end is not surprising it is forseeable from the very beginning.<br /><br />Definitely NOT a must-see (3 / 10)<br /><br />
critique8058 THHE2 is entertaining in that you'll laugh a lot and cringe and probably say "oh sh*t!" and "get your face away from the goddamn hole you dumb**s" or things along those lines but I don't know if its really worth seeing- I was very annoyed throughout the entirety with the horrible military characters who don't seem to know the first thing about combat.<br /><br />Yes there was more violence gore and a higher body count than the first one but I am still am debating whether that cancels out my feeling throughout the whole movie about how ridiculous it is (and not a good ridiculousness like Dead Alive or Feast). My time would have been better spent watching Aja's remake for the 5th time.<br /><br />So go for some laughs or go for some gore but don't go hoping to come out of it satisfied.
critique8059 This film follows the life of a great guitar player who wants to make it big but acts irresponsibly almost to the point of self destruction.<br /><br />I was expecting the usual Woody Allen witty dialogs sarcasm and humour but "Sweet and Lowdown" failed to provide any. The main character Emmet Ray is an egocentric rude irresponsible and hurtful man. He is so unlikeable that I do not want to now about him or care about him. I wonder why a film about him has to be made. The pacing of the story is slow making the film a terrible bore. Even Sean Penn's great acting fails to revive the film to a watchable level.<br /><br />I like Woody Allen's films a lot but "Sweet and Lowdown" is a major disappointment.
critique8060 WARNING: REVIEW CONTAINS MILD SPOILERS<br /><br />A couple of years back I managed to see the first five films in this franchise and was planning to do an overview of the whole Elm St. series. However just two years on and I find I can't remember enough about them in order to do it Ã‚Â– I guess they couldn't have made much of an impression. From what I do recall some of the sequels Ã‚Â– Dream Warriors in particular Ã‚Â– weren't as bad as is often made out though even the original was no classic. Generally the predictability of the premise (if people fall asleep they get murdered in their dreams) doesn't lend itself to narrative tension. But while I cannot recall much of the first five films I do know they never plumbed the depths of Freddy's Dead.<br /><br />An indication of how sick of Freddy the public was at this point can be judged by the fact that the film was promoted solely on the character's demise. The fact that the movie's conclusion is not even hidden but in fact the entire purpose for the film's being goes to illustrate how vacant soulless and cynical this venture was.<br /><br />Taking the morally questionable idea of having a child molester as the charismatic villain Robert Englund's in-no-way-scary interpretation booms with laughter. I always thought Freddy's mockery of the teenage victims was less aimed at the characters than at the teenage audience that could ever watch this tripe. It's like Englund's crying out "we know this is garbage Ã‚Â– but you're paying to see it so who's the one laughing?" And I'm sure victims of child abuse would be disheartened to see such an insensitive depiction of their plight. Was Freddy's appearance in the films always so rudimentary? All he gets to do here is a few "haaaaaaaaaaaaaarr Ã‚Â– har Ã‚Â– har Ã‚Â– hars" and that's it. If this was the only Elm St. film you'd ever seen you wouldn't get to know the character at all. Even as the character pre-death in a flashback Englund plays him as a boo-hiss pantomime villain with a slop of Transatlantic (ie. overstated misplaced and not at all funny) irony.<br /><br />Acting is almost universally poor. Just look at how many times Breckin Meyer overacts with his hand gestures and body language. Only Kananga himself Yaphet Kotto keeps his dignity. And when Roseanne Tom Arnold and Alice Cooper show up you can almost visibly see the film sinking further into the mire. The script too is absolutely lousy almost wholly without merit. Carlos (Ricky Dean Logan) opens a road map upon which the Noel Coward-like Freddy has wittily written "you're f**ked". When prompted for the map Carlos responds "well the map says we're f**ked". Who wrote the screenplay Oscar Wilde?<br /><br />Or how about the scene where Carlos is tortured by Freddy his hearing enhanced to painful levels? So Freddy torments him by threatening to drop a pin Ã‚Â– a potentially fatal sound given that all sounds are magnified. Oddly the fact that Carlos shouts at the top of his voice for him not to drop it seems to have no effect. "Nice hearing from you Carlos" quips Freddy hoping some better lines will come along. It's also worth noting that dream sleep doesn't occur instaneously so being knocked unconscious wouldn't allow instant access into Freddy's world. Though as part of the narrative contains a human computer game and a 3-D finale plot logic isn't that high on the list of requirements.<br /><br />The teenagers heading the cast this time are really the most obnoxious dislikeable group in the whole series. Tracy (Lezlie Deane) is the only one who gets to greet Freddy with "shut the f**k up man" and a kick in the scallops. And was incongruous pop music always part of the ingredients? Freddy's Dead. No laughs. No scares. No interest. No fun.<br /><br />
critique8061 this movie offers nothing but the dumbest conversations possible. as a matter of fact i most probably could not have imagined how meaningless a film how synthetic the dialogs could be until an hour ago but then again i saw this video. in a movie that does not depend on a powerful script one expects to see at least good acting and tasty conversations and even some humor maybe yet this movie lacks them all. you heard me it lacks them all. there is not a single point i like about this movie none. i hate it. i'm sure anyone will do so too. the name is intended to give the target audience some thoughts of nudity and stuff yet it fails even at the nudity. i don't know how but i beared to watch this thing for an hour or so and i definitely recommend you don't do so. worst movie i've seen in my entire life. if someone offers you to watch it ruuun awaaaaay saaaaaave your liiiiiiiiife
critique8062 A squashy slapstick mess posing as a comedy. Elvis Presley plays an Indian bull-riding champ who leaves the rodeo for a stay at home on his folks' desert-spread in Arizona where government suits have just invested in the family's herd of cattle (which is in dire need of a stud). What director Peter Tewksbury is in dire need of is some narrative skills though what he lacks in assessment he makes up for in sloppy comedic montages (his social commentary isn't exactly pointed but Tewksbury does have a satiric bend to his outlandishness and there are some funny scenes). Despite colorful supporting turns by Katy Jurado and Joan Blondell the general wackiness gets way out of hand and there's too much hoopin' and hollerin' to sustain much interest. As for Elvis he's loose and frisky throughout--and while it's nice to see him having fun on-screen one has to wonder if he had just given up on movies at this point. This shambles of a picture has a distinct what-the-hell feel to it and though spirits are high the returns are mostly low. *1/2 from ****
critique8063 This movie was one of those movies where it completely fooled me into thinking that it was a cheesy 80's slasher flick based on the cover but it wasn't. It was quite possibly one of the worst slasher films that I have ever seen. The picture on the cover did not match any part or scene in the movie; in fact it didn't involve a chainsaw. Not even the tag line fit the movie. The film is about a group of cheerleaders and two potheads who escape to a desolate cabin in the cold woods for a weekend getaway. However things get extra chilly when they start to get murdered by an unknown killer. At the same time the local sheriff's department is hunting down a dangerous killer. I'll name the problems in a list.<br /><br />1. The Acting. Boy was it cheap and horribly bad. It felt unnatural and it seemed as thought it was very scripted. None of the actors seemed as though they tried to perform with good intentions and therefore they seemed silly and tired. There was bad acting by all the characters in the movie so I won't point out specific people but I wills say that the stoners did a horrible job as well as the police and the cheerleaders which is not a surprise.<br /><br />2. The Plot. This story had set up a perfect storyline for good ol' fashion slasher flick but instead they peppered it with plot-holes useless and unnecessary scenes and an overall stupid back-story to the killer's intentions. There were major plot-holes including how the killer killed the last victim so quickly and yet still be there in the group of girls when it happened? The ex-con virtually served no purpose in the movie aside from being a useless plot device. There was random and unnecessary sex and nudity sprinkled throughout it even for a b-movie or my taste it was a bit too much. As for the killer's intentions lets just say it was stupid and it makes no sense as to why she / he is killing young girls. Plus there was also some very predictable kills that I saw coming about 30 miles away.<br /><br />3. The Technical Side. The lighting was okay it certainly wasn't the worse lighting that I've seen in a movie but there were points where it was supposed to be dark but it looked more like the afternoon. The house seemed darker with the lights on then with the lights off. The camera work was average it didn't have any good establishing shots or amazing pans or zooms thought it did get the job done is building some suspense with it's framing.<br /><br />Overall this movie in the sense of plot character development and performance was a huge disappointment and a waste of my time. What I thought would have been a great slasher flick turned out to be one of the worse movies that I have ever seen. The acting was really bad and wooden there was hardly any sense in the plot and there was no emotion to this film. However the technical aspect of this film saved it for me because if the camera work or the lighting was bad then I would have turned off the DVD player and popped in something else. I would recommend this movie to those who enjoy really cheesy b-movies as well as those who follow cult classics because this movie certainly is. I would partially recommend this film for those who enjoy 80s slasher flicks. But for me this movie was pitiful and utterly horrible.
critique8064 I am a kind person so I gave this movie a 2 instead of a 1. It was without a doubt the worst movie that I've seen in a long time. There was very little plot and the deeper interesting areas that were touched upon i.e. what Jesus may really have wanted us to know were glossed over and instead we were given heavy visual doses of sadistic punishment inflicted upon our heroine (Arquette). Total crucifixion in the first 15 minutes would have been more humane to both her character and the audience. The acting was barely there and the direction was uninspired. And if I saw one more drip of water or dove flying toward the camera I may have started screaming louder than Patricia.
critique8065 This movie has the made for TV stink all over it. Though it started out with great intentions featuring great looking sets and authentic props and costumes. The film quickly degenerated into horrible on the nose cheesy dialogue and rushed TV sappy melodramatic acting. The characters were so sappy that at times I thought that they are about to degenerate into a bilious puddle of goo and the action was so convoluted and poorly cut that it looked as it the soldiers were merely standing around and taking turns shooting at one another. The Germans were so unrealistically depicted that it was painful to watch. The only thing that the German officers talked about was how wonderful the Americans are. Please take my word for this. I am a huge fan of the war genre and this movie is crap. Nevertheless this DVD does have an excellent extra feature covering letters from the WWI front lines thus making this rental not a total waste of my time.
critique8066 I really wanted to love this film. I have read the book to my daughters and we all loved it. The book is marvelous. This film is very far from the book. The book is splendid - this film is an awful adaptation.<br /><br />In the book Sara is honorable kind strong and NEVER does anything spiteful to get back at anyone. That's the POINT of the book! She behaves as a "princes" regardless of circumstances. An important part of behaving like a princess is to not return unkindness. It is to behave honorably regardless of how you are being treated.<br /><br />In the book she endures much and touches the lives of others. Other people change their behaviors after they witnessed her kindness and ability to endure without sinking to spite and vengefulness. Sara does what is right simply BECAUSE it is RIGHT.<br /><br />Outside of the bakery she comes upon a beggar girl who is more poor and hungry than she is. She has half a dozen hot buns. She is VERY hungry. She gives one bun to this wild looking little girl huddled on the doorstep of the bakery. When she sees how ravenous the girl is and watches her gobble the bun she gives her another. She continues to do this until she has given 3 or 4 I think - I don't remember how many.<br /><br />The baker is watching through the window. She is so moved by what she has witnessed she takes the beggar girl in and raises her as her own daughter. Other people are similarly influenced by Sara.<br /><br />And in the book her father has died. The man next door is her father's partner - he has been looking for her. Her father did not lose his money after all - the man is thrilled to find Sara; he takes her and Becky into his home and raises them as his daughters. And Sara has her full inheritance of course.<br /><br />Miss Minchin is not a chimney sweep. In fact she remains in her same post at the school. But she is humiliated as Sara has told her new guardian of the cruel treatment she received. And Sara does speak to Miss Minchin in the end - Miss Minchin is trying to minimize her treatment of Sara and Sara with a calm steadfast demeanor instructs Miss Minchin that she had been cruel.<br /><br />There is no comeuppance for Miss Minchin. She continues on in her miserable existence. It does not matter - what matters is that Sara has a home with a guardian who loves her - and her dearest friend in the world Becky is now for all intents and purposes her sister.<br /><br />The book is about love and honorable behavior under the worst of circumstances. It is about self control and humility. It is a wonderful book. This film does NOTHING to capture the true story and messages of the book. My wife was so disgusted with it she wanted to leave the theater in the middle but we decided to stick it out. We were not rewarded.<br /><br />I cannot for the life of me think of a reason the film makes should alter this excellent book in such a bad direction. Perhaps it was the influence of the ghastly screenplay from the book that Shirley Temple acted in. I don't know - but this film is so far from the book in character and values that I do not recognize it.<br /><br />Don't waste your time - buy the book. It is unforgettable... even for a dad!
critique8067 The recent documentary "The Adventures of Errol Flynn" is an in-depth look at the Ultimate Hollywood Hero. BogartCagney Wayne and the like were basically blue collar types in their screen images but Flynn was an aristocrat in his style and manner the younger son out to carve out his own fiefdom for a swordthunder and romance analogy that ironically he found himself trapped in. If he hadn't been under contract to Warner Bros. he would've of been perfect in the Cary Grant role in Suspicion: the good looking charmer whose 1000 watt smile blinds one to the fact that he's a predator. And he could've starred with his best leading ladies sister Joan Fontaine. That was Flynn's trouble he was the Ultimate Screen Hero until his own habits and bad timing caught up with him. Grant and Flynn in a way are similar but Flynn was the more macho of the two;it is possible to see Grant as Captain Blood but Flynn in The Philadelphia Story Mr. Blanding Builds his Dream Houseor Monkey Businessor Operation Petticoat would've turned those roles on their collective ears because he's too damn sure on his feet and the sexual tension he would've brought naturally would've made the story lines wobbly. But this wobbly biography is just a plasticized view of Flynn and his era. There are times when I half expected a laugh track or an audience to go "Ahhh" at some point. It doesn't go deeply into Flynn's life just the screen magazine view. It also doesn't delve into his struggle to be considered more than a derring-doer. Like the cleaned up biographies of Lon Chaney( the fathernot the Wolfmanor Lenny"Of Mice and Men) and Buster Keaton done in the '50's this is just a time killing piece of fluff
critique8068 I mean really really REALLY high and this movie has a shot at entertainment. I don't mean regular high i mean the high where reading the phonebook would have you in stitches. otherwise save the time out of your life and go do something more constructive with it like hitting your head on a brick wall and insulting your own intelligence. A complete waste of talent in some cases (Bernie Mac John C. McGinley Tom Kenny and the master of hams Shatner) and exactly the kind of crap they deserve to make (the myriad of rappers who insist on making movies). Not without it's laughs (again chemical aid is crucial) and certainly not without offending the politically over-sensitive (which I'm always in favor of) but ultimately not worth the time out of your life.
critique8069 This is definitely the worst bigfoot movie I've ever seen and quite possibly the overall worst movie I've ever seen in my life. The actors and actresses were horrible and it seemed like they were trying way too hard to play their roles as dorks tough guys jerks know it alls etc. And the bigfoot itself was terrible. It appeared to be some kind of computer generated image from the days of Atari & Intellivision. At one point near the end of the movie as an army of sasquatches were chasing after the remaining survivors one gets shot and as it's running it looked like a poor man's version of donkey kong himself! And one gets hit by a bullet and the blood that comes out of it was just awful animation. Another thing that was annoying was the music. Way way way too much music (classical score or whatever you call it) throughout the entire film. It was never ending. Oh yeah the movie is boring too. Absolutely one of the worst films I've ever seen. I highly recommend taking your $3 or whatever they charge to rent this movie and spending it on a gallon of gas or a value menu somewhere. TRULY AWFUL!
critique8070 DIRTY WAR <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.78:1<br /><br />Sound format: Stereo<br /><br />Emergency services struggle to cope when Islamic terrorists detonate a so-called 'dirty bomb' in the middle of London.<br /><br />Daniel Percival's frightening movie uses all available evidence to dramatize the possible effects of a radioactive explosion in the heart of the UK capital using the kind of documentary-style realism which has distinguished this particular subgenre since the 1960's. In essence the film reveals a catalogue of flaws in the British government's current strategy for dealing with such terrorist outrages and Percival's carefully-honed script (co-written by Lizzie Mickery) vents its spleen against mealy-mouthed politicians who would rather maintain the economic status quo than tackle this issue head-on. The film covers all necessary bases and makes the salient point that this kind of terrorism is practised by a tiny handful of fanatics who have tarnished the Islamic faith with their reckless disregard for human life though viewers won't be reassured by the subsequent scenes of devastation and horror. Not merely a drama the film acts as a warning against complacency. Either that or its just another post-9/11 scaremongering tactic. YOU be the judge...
critique8071 I saw this film when it first came out in the cinema. We were all looking forward to seeing Mark Hamill relaunch his career but we came out wishing we hadn't bothered. Many people walked out after about half an hour - I wish I had too. The basic premise seems okay but the plot was ridiculously involved and tortuous and runs out half way through. Its completely unmemorable and not a film you want to have paid money to see. If you're really bored and it's on TV then it'll help you kill a couple of hours (or help you to nod off!). 2/10
critique8072 After seeing the trailer of this film in the cinema i thought that it was an original concept for a thriller setting it in the competitive world of computer companies. The all star cast was another message that this film would probably be good. But when i didn't go to watch it in it's first week of release then it disappeared by week 2 i feared something was a miss. Patiently i waited for it's DVD release then bought it rushing home for an enjoyable evening's viewing. The anticipation on the way home was far better than the film. For a start the direction is appalling. There's no thought gone into it at all and the director just makes up a part for himself so he can appear in the film. I wouldn't be rushing out to employ him in the future. Secondly the lead role is completely miscast as Ryan Phillipe. Phillipe normally the cool character as in Cruel Intentions and Way of the Gun but in this he's supposed to be a bumbling hero which he attempts to portray by slipping when he's running and having geeky friends but he just doesn't look right. The female stars Rachel Leigh Cook and Clare Forlani don't feature enough but when they do neither of the performances are close to their bests. The only highlight of the film is Tim Robbins in a role that could have been made for him and it's his fiery temper and mysterious ways that drag the film along. The final point is that this film is another one which fills the trailer with scenes you don't see in the film and instead feature only in the deleted scenes section of the DVD. Causing even more disappointment as although some of these scenes are crude they do fill in important gaps in the story.
critique8073 I bought this film from e-bay as part of a lot of about twenty horror flicks all about a dollar a piece. When watching this my first impression was that it probably was from the late 80s. Later on I began thinking - the Linkin Park posters on the wall and everything else seemed to hint that I was dealing with a more recent film. Realizing that the flick became an unbearable torment. The last 3 minutes were the longest in the movie history - the film just refused to end. Is there a genre such as "horror for children"? In that case this film is definitely it. If there are parents perverse enough to want to introduce their offspring to horror I suggest this would be perfect for kids of about 6-8. The only thing I really liked was Greg Cipes who was much too good an actor for that kind of nostalgic retro bottom part of a drive-in double-bill.
critique8074 I picked this one up because the music was done by Hans Zimmer a customer of Metasonix modular synths (made by someone dear to me). The jacket art says "the 2003 version".<br /><br />I give it one point for a strong female one point for cheezy dialog and one last point for meg foster's light blue eyes of which there are plenty of shots of.<br /><br />It was fun seeing David MacCullum casually swimming (the pool has a plexiglass viewing window!) while his lady love was being chased by a psycho in Greece. <br /><br />The sets were marginally impressive-that is rich people's houses in L.A. and Mendanassos (sp?) where the castle was. I found myself wondering how they were able to keep up the cleaning with all the dust blowing around. The wind wasn't fierce enough to be believable to me. I kept thinking that the animal pelts on the furniture must be nasty...etc. and realized that the film must be pretty boring if i am wondering these things when the supposed plot was unfolding. I stumbled over things like why did she light a fire blow out the match then throw the match into the fire?! Dumb stuff like that. It was clunky at best. Oh well. Robert Morely got to have a bit of fun with his kooky geezer character and a nice vacation out of it.
critique8075 First off this movie leaves you in a limbo mood wise. You don't know what to feel. So much so that you don't feel bad for Caines character when his son gets murdered (which was actually mostly due to bad editing). The script was too bland. None of the situations matter as you watch them. The soundtrack or lack there of (if there was it wasn't good enough to even remember) does not help it one bit. Only good surprise to this movie was Andy Serkis' performance. It was on par if not better than Caine's. The story would have probably gone better off if Serkis would have killed him. Because quite frankly you don't feel any kind of redemption in the climax. Just a feeling of lack of feeling if ya feel me. Basically this movie massively lacks draw. Leaving the audience alienated throughout the entire thing.
critique8076 Joe Don Baker is an alright to good actor in small roles here and there...he was alright in Goldeneye and made a pretty good Bond villan in The Living Daylights and has appeared in various other movies. One thing he can't do is carry a movie as the lead which he is in this extremely bad revenge movie set in Malta. Joe Don's partner is killed so he kills the killer's brother and escorts the killer to Italy but some guys cause the plane to set down in Malta and the killer gets away. The rest of the movie is seeing Joe Don chase the killer here and there Joe Don getting taken into custody various times Joe Don torturing a bartendar and being interrupted and so on. The movie is quite bad and you won't find yourself exactly pulling for Joe Don's character. You will be amazed at how many times Joe Don the hero gets taken out by one punch and how incompetent he proves to be. The crowning part of the movie comes when Joe Don chases the killer all over Malta with the killer in a priest robe and then they get in boats and he chases them all around Malta. This movie also features one of the worst closing lines to end a movie ever.
critique8077 What was the point of this movie? What was the plot? I do not know. Shaq can't act people don't know how to direct and I am Kazaam! A genie who raps? Come on. Maybe Eminem or Linkin Park will be in a movie like this. I remember I watched this just to kill time. It didn't really interest me. I just remember thinking "Who put Shaq in this movie???" The whole story seemed stupid too. It made no sense whatsoever. I guess an unrealized moral of this movie is that you can find anything in the ghetto and anything can happen. I can't comment much more because this movie is so terrible there's nothing worth commenting about. I "wish" this movie would go away.
critique8078 I want very much to believe that the above quote (specifically the English subtitle translation) which was actually written not spoken in a rejection letter a publisher sends to the protagonist was meant to be self-referential in a tongue-in-cheek manner. But if so director Leos Carax apparently neglected to inform the actors of the true nature of the film. They are all so dreadfully earnest in their portrayals that I have to conclude Carax actually takes himself seriously here or else has so much disdain for everyone especially the viewing audience that he can't be bothered letting anyone in on the joke.<br /><br />Some auteurs are able to get away with making oblique bizarre films because they do so with ÃƒÂ©lan and unique personal style (e.g. David Lynch and Alejandro Jodorowsky). Others use a subtler approach while still weaving surreal elements into the fabric of the story (e.g. Krzysztof Kieslowski and David Cronenberg's later less bizarre works). In Pola X Carax throws a disjointed mess at the viewer and then dares him to find fault with it. Well here it is: the pacing is erratic and choppy in particular continuity is often dispensed with; superfluous characters abound (e.g. the Gypsy mother and child); most of the performances are overwrought; the lighting is often poor particularly in the oft-discussed sex scene; unconnected scenes are thrust into the film for no discernible reason; and the list goes on.<br /><br />Not to be completely negative it should be noted that there were some uplifting exceptions. I liked the musical score even the cacophonous industrial-techno music being played in the sprawling abandoned complex to which the main characters retreat in the second half of the film (perhaps a reference to Andy Warhol's 'Factory' of the '60s?). Much of the photography of the countryside was beautiful an obvious attempt at contrast with the grimy city settings. And even well into middle-age Cathering Deneuve shows that she still has 'it'. Her performance was also the only one among the major characters that didn't sink into bathos.<br /><br />There was an earlier time when I would regard such films as "Pola X" more charitably. Experimentation is admirable even when the experiment doesn't work. But Carax tries nothing new here; the film is a pastiche of elements borrowed from countless earlier films and after several decades of movie-viewing and literally thousands of films later I simply no longer have the patience for this kind of unoriginal poorly crafted tripe. At this early moment in the 21st century one is left asking: With the exception of Jean-Pierre Jeunet are there *any* directors in France who know how to make a watchable movie anymore? Rating: 3/10.
critique8079 I'd have to say that this was a little embarrassing for the 'King of the Cowboys'; made in 1948 the picture came out a decade after Roy Rogers' earliest pictures in which he had a starring role. Roy's character comes off as a bit clueless in this one along with his female co-star Jane Frazee who alternates her allegiance between Roy and Robert Livingston portraying chief bad guy Bill Regan. The whole story seems kind of muddled with missed opportunities for what could have been an entertaining hour or so. Like the legend of the 'Hangman's Hotel' for example which says the hanged man comes to life at midnight. With Andy Devine in the cast as Cookie Bullfincher you would think the story would get a little mileage out of that set up. Instead you have some convoluted proceedings that would have been better served if this had been a Bowery Boys flick. It was a sad attempt at a haunted hotel gimmick that relied on poor old Genevieve who truth be told wound up getting more screen time than Trigger who's contract as 'Smartest Horse in the Movies' didn't have anything to say about getting upstaged by a mule. And then you have Foy Willing and his Riders of the Purple Sage replacing Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers for your musical interlude. I don't know about you but it was already half way into the picture and I was still looking for Pat Brady - oh well! <br /><br />Yet there was still an interesting element to be found here if you were looking hard enough and that turned out to be Roy's athletic dismount of Trigger while still on the run from the bad guys. OK it was probably a stunt double but I haven't seen that one before in a couple hundred Westerns.<br /><br />Jane Frazee does the honors as the female lead in this picture as she would in four other films opposite Roy in the 1947/1948 time frame. In "Under California Stars" she appeared as Andy Devine's cousin appropriately named Caroline Bullfincher. You're never quite convinced what side she'll come in on in this story though since she starts out pretending to be someone she's not and winds up on the good guy side almost by accident.<br /><br />Fans of the old Laurel and Hardy films might be as surprised as I was to see James Finlayson here as the Sheriff of Sintown. I would have liked a little more comedy relief written into his role but he played it pretty straight after all. I had to wonder when it was all over why he and old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) wound up in the mine shaft with Cookie when there was no reason for that to be. Just a way to close it out I guess with about as much thought as went into the rest of the picture. I hate to be that harsh but if you've seen enough Roy Rogers flicks you've got to know that this was not one of his finer efforts.<br /><br />Say Sintown - I wonder if that's the same place that grew up to be Sin City?
critique8080 Laughable.<br /><br />ClichÃƒÂ©d.<br /><br />Overdoses on style to compensate for poor writing.<br /><br />Remember when MTV actually used to air music videos and other shows besides Reality Shows? Aeon Flux (2005) is based upon one such show Ã‚Â– a cartoon from the mid-90s Ã‚Â– featuring a superhuman female protagonist in black latex clothing. Aeon played by the lovely Charlize Theron in this adaptation is a cold detached rebel who is as dexterous as a line-dancer and as deadly as a viper-snake. She needs to be if she expects to kick the asses of the totalitarian government.<br /><br />I love science fiction but hate the sudden influx of half-assed futuristic dystopian technology-overdosed films like The Island (2005) and Equilibrium (2002) (bottom of the pile). Aeon Flux has all the problems that are present in these films but amplified. That is there is nothing original left to show so they compensate for it with the sleek style that Matrix (1999) catalyzed. The special effects are therefore sensational in Aeon Flux which earns it a few points but scratch the surface and there is literally nothing there.<br /><br />To make matters worse all performances in this film are atrocious and some actually wound me to watch. Charlize Theron's character Aeon Flux is interwoven with the most cheesy tough-chick schtick and it seems as though the director Karyn Kusama cannot quite decide where to go with her next Ã‚Â– should she make her more detached or more emotional? She doesn't know! Let's go both ways! Imagine you take a shotgun load it chock-full of character developments of different sorts and there fire into a random mess. This is the character of Aeon Flux.<br /><br />The film Aeon Flux puts forward all the 'mandatory' ideas in a dystopian society - individual vs. society nature vs. science emotion vs. cold reason etc. You've seen all of this before and better done at that. Go read Orwell Bradbury or Huxley or even watch Logan's Run (1976) or Blade Runner (1982)... anything! Avoid this viciously uninvolving cheese-fest for as long as you can.<br /><br />3/10
critique8081 Just about everything in this movie is wrong wrong wrong. Take Mike Myers for example. He's reached the point where you realize that his shtick hasn't changed since his SNL days over ten years ago. He's doing the same cutesy stream-of-consciousness jokes and the same voices. His Cat is painfully unfunny. He tries way to hard. He's some weird Type A comedian not the cool cat he's supposed to be. The rest of the movie is just as bad. The sets are unbelievably ugly --- and clearly a waste of millions of dollars. (Cardboard cut-outs for the background buildings would have made more sense than constructing an entire neighborhood and main street.) Alec Balwin tries to do a funny Great Santini impression but he ends up looking and sounding incoherent. There's even an innapropriate cheesecake moment with faux celebrity Paris Hilton --- that sticks in the mind simply because this is supposed to be a Dr. Seuss story. Avoid this movie at all costs folks. It's not even an interesting train wreck. (I hope they'll make Horton Hears a Who with Robin Williams. Then we'll have the bad-Seuss movie-starring-spasitc- comedian trilogy.)
critique8082 Please humour me if you will for a minute while I read you the back of the ALLEY CAT VHS box. It says that:<br /><br />In this part of the city every street is a dead end- on every corner something to buy- in every alley another way to die- To survive you're got to be the best- just like the Alley Cat. Alley Cat- this lady owns the night. On the streets where even the predators become victims she knows how to survive- Cross her and you've run out of luck. Alley Cat- This animal is aroused.<br /><br />Now isn't that one of the most pathetic blurbs you've ever heard in your life? Whoever wrote that must be insane if they thought such a awful description could tempt us into viewing the video. Yet unfortunately whichever faceless individual was responsible for that tragic use of English was doing their job only too well.. the movie contained within the little plastic case IS as bad as it sounds and then some.<br /><br />Karin Mani plays the title role and the script basically tells her during every given scene to either a) Pout like a goldfish b) Kick male butt or c) Show off her feminine 'attributes'. No complaints about the latter but in terms of the other two.. let's just say she isn't much of an actress and is even less convincing as a martial arts expert. But even Meryl Streep with Cynthia Rothrock's body (what a scary thought) would fail to save this movie. The unfolding of the plot is boring beyond belief as we get one ineptly directed fight sequence after enough pausing only for hysterical courtroom shenanigans and the occasional gag-inducing love scene with the interestingly named Robert Torti. The camera-work also follows a similar path of shame with far too many unneeded close-ups and continuity errors abound.<br /><br />The part that I think really sums this scum-bucket of a movie up is where our heroine is sexually assaulted and finds herself testifying in front of a corrupt judge while her rich-kid rapist leers at her from the box. Not only does he get off scot-free despite the overwhelming evidence against him but she herself is then jailed for daring to protest about the verdict in front of his Honour. Behind bars she then has a group shower a lesbian crush a couple of cat-fights and a nice sweaty game of volleyball before being released on bail to continue her battle. This ten-minute section has nothing to do with the rest of the movie and the screenplay grinds to a halt to encompass it. I can only imagine the producers wanted to add a bit more T&A to the mix and came up with this needless sub-plot as a means to achieving that end.<br /><br />Which kinds of begs the question is this an exploitation film or a serious drama? Neither is my response to that.. it isn't sleazy or camp enough to appeal to fans of Troma-style cinema and it certainly doesn't make the grade as an exploration of one woman's fight against the system.. purely because it is so appallingly made. So who on earth would want to see it? Lunatics I guess.. or IMDb reviewers who stay up till 3pm and watch any old rubbish on the box while trying to get to sleep. Sadly on this occasional I failed and the horrors will stay with me for quite some time. Don't make the same mistake I did. Have a hot milk or something.. 1/10
critique8083 After a very scary crude opening which gives you that creepy "Chainsaw massacre"-feeling everything falls apart.<br /><br />SPOILER ALERT: As soon as the two FBI-officers start jabbing you know they are the real killers. Anyone who have seen enough of these "fooled-ya"-movies can figure this out.<br /><br />This movie is mader with one thing in mind: To depict brutal murders. Why then is not the little girl tortured and murdered as well? Will this be next for us movie-goers? The torture and abuse of children? Whats wrong with you people? Lynch is truly has a disgusting ugly mind.
critique8084 At least with the teenage geek gets the girl films the guy is usually unpopular with girls. In the 40 Year Old Virgin he is replaced with a 40 year old guy who is popular with women but somehow has remained a virgin. But then you are not supposed to engage your brain with this film or did I miss the bit about him being comatose for 20 years?<br /><br />One of a series of films where 40 somethings act like teenagers and women for some reason find this a sufficiently attractive quality that they want a serious relationship with them. I find it hard to understand how a country that has produced such excellent TV comedies seems to think it has to rely on crude and shallow characters for laughs. They've done the gross out movies. They've done the let's act like all Americans have a mental age of 15. Where will they go next? <br /><br />This film is crass and crude entertainment with nothing to recommend it.
critique8085 A horrible horrible horrible film. I saw the original when I was a kid and it gave me nightmares into my teens. When I found out a remake was on the way I groaned. WHY OH WHY remake a good film? Well we can thank Dark Castle for buggering yet another classic horror film. This time they've replaced a somewhat interesting story with gore slower than slow pacing and yawn-inspired characters. Someone previously said that s/he was surprised that Paris Hilton can act. Uh were you watching the film? She plays a prissy little tramp. Sounds like typecasting to me. Half of the people in the audience actually CHEERED when she died! That tells you why people are seeing this film. If that's your only reason then find a better one because like a black hole this thing will suck out more of your life than you'll want. Had I been alone I would have left 10 minutes into the boring exposition. This thing is like a moron's guide to crap film-making: In bred Southern git stupid but attractive leads knives a plenty gore a plenty stock menacing truck I could go on. After watching this film I began to really appreciate Jeepers Creepers and I thought that film sucked. Save yourself and avoid this crapfest at every cost.
critique8086 Star Trek V definitely earns the dubious distinction of being the weakest film in the Star Trek series. Despite the good acting efforts by the actors it suffered from a general lack of funding from Paramount Pictures. Paramount Pictures was not enthusiastic about this film at its very onset.<br /><br />The movie begins with the Enterprise crew enjoying their extended shore leave as a reword for saving the Earth from total ecological disaster. Their shore leave is cut short when a disturbance occurs on Nimbus III the Planet of Intergalactic Peace. Captain Kirk and the Enterprise arrive at Nimbus III only to have their ship hijacked by Sybok Spock's half-brother. Sybok brainwashes the crew of the Enterprise and sets it on a suicide mission to rendezvous with "God" just past the Great Barrier at the center of our galaxy. Captain Kirk must then figure out a way to regain control of his ship and to fend off the Enterprise's Klignon pursuers.<br /><br />The only bright spot in the film is the acting and directing. William Shatner Leonard Nimoy DeForest Kelley Laurence Luckinbill and the rest of the cast all give good performances. William Shatner also does a pretty good job directing this film.<br /><br />However the film suffered from a general lack of enthusiasm and funding. First the part of Sybok was initially offered to Sean Connery but he refused. So Laurence Luckinbill got the part. Second many of the special effects were severely cut back ... reducing the movies entertaining potential. Third the scene that depicts the arrival at the Great Barrier left much to be desired. Finally the romance between Scotty and Uhura in this film did not make much sense at all ... considering that no such romance ever occurred prior to this point in the Star Trek universe and it was never explained how such a romance could suddenly materialize between Star Treks IV and V.<br /><br />Overall this is a very weak film. You should probably just skip this film and move on to Star Trek VI. After all the cast and crew made Star Trek VI partly to bail themselves out after their debacle with Star Trek V.
critique8087 <br /><br />One would expect a movie with a famous comedian in the lead role to be a funny movie. This is not the case here. I laughed out loud once throughout the whole movie and that wasn't even during the final comedy-scene (which one would also expect to be the funniest). This is one you can watch when it comes to TV don't spend any other money renting it.
critique8088 How sheep-like the movie going public so often proves to be. As soon as a few critics say something new is good (ie - "Shake-Cam") everyone jumps on the bandwagon as if they are devoid of independent thought. This was not a good movie it was a dreadful movie. 1) Plot? - What plot? Bourne was chased from here to there from beginning to end. That's the plot. Don't look for anything deeper than this. 2) Cinematography? - Do me a favor! Any 7 year old armed with an old and battered 8mm movie camera would do a far better job (I am not exaggerating here). This film is a tour-de-force of astonishingly amateurish camera-work. The ridiculous shaking of EVERY (I really do mean every) scene will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) Believable? - Oh yes definitely. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I loved scenes about Bourne being chased by (local) police through the winding market streets of Tangier. - I've BEEN to Tangier. Even the guides can't navigate their way through those streets but Bourne shook off 100 police with speed and finesse. Greengrass must be laughing his head off at the gullibility of his film disciples. 4) Editing? - I don't know what the editor was on when he did this film but I want some! - Every scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I felt nauseous at the end of the film from the strobe effect of the "scenes" flashing by. 5) Directing? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The film appears to have actually NOT had any directing. More a case of Greengrass throwing a copy of the script (all two pages) at the cameramen and told to "shoot a few scenes whilst drunk". - "Don't worry boys we'll tie the scenes together in the editing room". The editor should be tarred feathered and put in the stocks for allowing this monstrosity to hit the silver screen 6) Not one but TWO senior CIA operatives giving the tender feminine treatment to the mistreated and misunderstood Jason Bourne. - Putting their lives on the line for someone they couldn't even be sure wasn't a traitor. Talk about stupid nincompoops. (Whilst the evil male CIA members plot to terminate any operative who so much as drops a paper-clip on the floor). (well all men are evil aren't they? - Except for SNAGS of course). Yes this really is a modern and politically correct film that shows the females to be the heroes of the day and the oppressive males as the real threat to humanity. 7) When the you-know-what finally hits the fan good triumphs over evil (just like it always does eh?) and the would-be assassin gets the drop on Jason Bourne - he suddenly undergoes a guilt trip and refrains from pulling the trigger (Yeah - right...) - at that very moment the evil deputy director just happens to turn up - gun in hand and he does pull the trigger. - How did this 60 year old man run so fast and not even be out of breath? Wonders will never cease 8) Don't worry there's a senate hearing and the baddies get pulled up before the courts. Well we can't have nasty politically incorrect CIA operatives going round shooting people can we? How lovely to see a true to life P.C. film of the Noughties. -------------The Bourne Ultimatum is utter rubbish.
critique8089 It is a shame that such a great book was turned into such a terrible movie. I could not wait to see this movie after reading the book....it really did not do it justice.
critique8090 Rajkumar Santoshi Without Any Doubt Has Directed The Greatest Movies And Biggest Box Office Hits Of Indian Cinema.<br /><br />This Movie Falls Short Of All Expectations As This Movie Stars Two Great Actors Mr. Amitabh Bachchan And Akshay Kumar And When You Have These Two Actors In The Same Movie You Have To Make A Magnum Opus.<br /><br />In The Later Part Of The Movie You Can Make Out That Amitabh Bachchan's Voice Has Been Dubbed By Some Other Person Which Was Due To His Illness.<br /><br />Still The Movie Did'nt Had Proper Character Development Plus Cinematography Was'nt Good Too And One Thing That Bollywood Should Learn Is That They Should Use Visual Effects Only When It Is Needed And When Applied Should Be Done With A High Budget.The Script Had So Many Flaws Which Gives The Viewer Excuses To Attend His Phone Calls Rather Than Watching The Movie.<br /><br />The New Comer Shakes The Leg Well But Could Not Act Well But Where The Movie Loses Big Time Is The Storyline Screenplay And Cinematography.<br /><br />A Talented Actor Like Bhoomika Chawla Has Been Wasted In The Movie As Well As Sushant Singh.<br /><br />But Every Director Once In A While In His Career Makes A Bad Film.<br /><br />So Watch It Only If You Are A Fan Of Multi-Starrer Flop Movies.
critique8091 This may have been based on historical events and we know that the makers of this TV docu-drama took liberties to make it more dramatic - I can live with that - but it was just so badly done! I was amazed in the event of an unfolding mid-air crisis how calm everyone seemed surely someone would have panicked and what a smooth flight no passenger discomfort apparent - come on! Not sure about the regulations nowadays some of the airline security stuff seems OTT nonsense but why take your shoes off before the emergency landing common sense tells me this is not a good idea! The shots of this massive airliner coming down on this remote airstrip were unconvincing and fake. In reality it would have been an awesome sight viewed from the ground nearby in this movie it was out of proportion and looked like the model it probably was. Escape slides appeared at the front and mid emergency doors yet nobody appeared to exit from the front even though the drop was much less. The Captain went back into the plane after the landing - why? this was never explained. We know the emergency landing was due to being out of fuel but even so there must have been some fuel sloshing around at the bottom of the tanks and the risk of explosion must have been a very real danger yet the evacuation seemed almost leisurely and everyone stands around at the foot of the escape slides instead of getting as far away as possible as I am sure I would have done. There were just too many inconsistencies errors and faked action in this. I would have preferred to have seen a representation of the drama in real time and with realistic motion of the plane portrayed. It had the potential to be quite thrilling but doubtless due to the budget restrictions failed and made one feel that a plane losing all engines was no big deal really and you would safely glide down to a bit of a bumpy landing but no real danger! - the reality of course being somewhat different!
critique8092 There have been some great television movies in that past. Epics such as "Roots" and "Lonesome Dove" come to mind. Category 6: Day of Destruction will not be remembered for advancing the cause of made-for-TV movies. A laughably bad story surpassed only by the horrible screenplay Cat6DD as I like to call it inspires more sympathy for the actors involved than terror in nature that the movie was supposed to bring out. That sound you hear during the movie is supposed to be the sound of wind but instead it's actually the careers of Randy Quaid Brian Dennehy and Thomas Gibson (Greg of the Dharma & Greg duo) plummeting faster than houses and trucks and cows can fly away from one of the 15 tornadoes we see in the first 5 minutes of the movie. The movie was advertised as "nature gone amok" instead we get a lame story about how 15 different weather systems conspire to produce 150 degree days in Chicago then a blizzard the next day from a hurricane that was in the Gulf of Mexico that combined with a storm system from Canada but actually had it's origins in a jet stream changed by global warming.... ENOUGH!! It didn't matter what the story was the acting was terrible the words the actors said were dumb and 13 scientists throughout the country had coronaries after hearing the dribble that came out of the movie. I didn't care what happened to any of the characters the special effects were sub-par even for made-for-TV standards and the story lines were pointless. All in all I really really dislikes this "TV event."
critique8093 OK everybody is so enthused by this film I hardly dare add a negative review but I just did not enjoy this movie.<br /><br />I have to say first I saw the film in Russian language overdub so I will have missed some dialog but not much.<br /><br />Nice things first. There are some hilarious moments (the Elvis impersonator for instance). Actors seem well casted also the Russians. Efremova is great and Goldblum is very good. Which brings us to the downsides of this movie. First of all. There is hardly any story and the end we know already: Yeltsin wins. So no drama or suspense. They tried to solve this problem with an emerging affair between the actors mentioned above but that story kind of evaporates.<br /><br />More importantly the film does not represent reality. The Russians at the level of politics and society portrayed in this movie are not funny they are a serious and dangerous lot. I am willing to believe that flying in some spin-doctors from the states helped Yeltsin win his campaign but the real interesting questions that should be addressed are: who financed the campaign what did they get in return how was the opposition handled apart from airing some commercials?<br /><br />So what we have here is a film loosely based on reality (but strangely avoiding anything that could make the film either historically relevant or just a very good political thriller) without plot or subplot.
critique8094 The only redeeming feature of this movie is Steve Carell. Like John Wayne I've never seen Steve Carell stretch too far as an actor but it doesn't matter. He always plays his one role perfectly.<br /><br />As Marty Feldman once said comedy must have internal consistency. You can have 4 men on stage sitting in garbage cans and that's fine but if you bring a fifth man on stage who isn't in a garbage can you must then explain to the audience why he is not also in a garbage can.<br /><br />Why doesn't Evan accept his role as a messenger of God? Why when he does accept it is he so profoundly embarrassed by it? Why isn't anyone more impressed with the way that animals follow Evan around (they are explained away by the unthinking doubters as "trained animals" possibly from a circus). There's a terrible flood at the end and most everyone we see hops on the ark and is saved but surely thousands of people would have been killed by the flood; there is no post-disaster emotional atmosphere at the end. Instead most of congress has finally seen the light and is about to prosecute the lone incorrigibly bad congressman for "profiteering".<br /><br />I gotta admit: I also liked the fish in the aquarium reacting to the presence of Evan.
critique8095 this movie really SUCKS SUCKS REALLY REALLY HARD this movie should be in the Bottom 100 but it is so bad that almost nobody has seen it to vote for her so many times that it should be at the same time of "Manos - the Hands of Fate." I should have him position 1 (awful) but the reason for which I put him 2 was for Eve the girl of the town that besides some scenes of nudity besides I thought of voting for 3 but like they killed Eve I returned at 2. it is that movies like this they should not be financed by anybody since not even they took to the fame or other productions to the actors main great falsehood jaja the history of a mining ghost that kills to "mansalva" and after they put an end to their misdeeds it reappears because with the end they shitted it very ugly. <br /><br />FINAL SCORE (VOTE): 2 (for the nudity and the performance of the beautiful Eve)
critique8096 Bugsy Siegel was 31 when he went out to the West Coast. In addition to his dreams about Las Vegas he toyed with the idea of acting. He was a good looking guy and about 7 years younger than his pal George Raft so it wasn't such a crazy idea.<br /><br />Warren Beatty was 54 when he made this movie and despite the hair dye he's too old for this part. Beatty was miscast; Bugsy should have been played by someone like Alec Baldwin. Bugsy was a tough guy feared by his contemporaries; Beatty just doesn't radiate menace.<br /><br />This was a vanity project for Beatty who hasn't come to terms with the fact that he's no longer a leading man.<br /><br />The other big annoying miscast is Mantegna as George Raft. Raft had a distinctive voice and mannerisms none of which Mantegna even attempts to match. You never once believe that Mantegna came from the streets.<br /><br />Warren Beatty and Robert Redford have both been pretending to be younger for years by massive use of hair dye and now it;ll be a shock to suddenly go gray and play character parts.
critique8097 I will leave it to my bettors uhh betters here to gape and gawk at this wonderful wonderawful movie and just say that I thought it stunk. The great thing about this site is you always get a variety of views and seek them out by all means. No telling what you will come out of the film with. For me the ones who saw through the simplicities and shenanigans of it have my money. There was one dead on perfect when he pointed out the two grand moments of the thing which belong to Pacino. The meeting and the airport. Other than that well what a waste of time. Utterly. Pacino is just doing the same thing over and over and over he would have been better served by taking the performance down about five notches at about the level of his protÃƒÂ©gÃƒÂ©. Everybody always says but this movie could have been so much better. Sure they all could have been. But really most of them just should never have been made. Including this one.
critique8098 Sorry after watching the credits I thought this would at least be a decent homage to retiring SF actors.<br /><br />Boy was I wrong.<br /><br />The direction and story telling in this POS are terrible. I have never been so insulted by a production.<br /><br />I have great respect and love for many of the actors in this "film" but have to say they were conned.<br /><br />If you haven't seen this debacle yet do yourself a favor and stay away. These are not only two hours you won't get back but they will also ruin your respect for some actors you may once have enjoyed.
critique8099 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique8100 You could have put the characters on the island for any reason at all and had the same movie. The first one had an original story the second stole one from King Kong and in the end (I hope) of this trilogy the story seemed to have been bypassed altogether. Drop some people on an island full of dinosaurs and watch them run for their lives. That was about all there was to it. The special effects were decent but not worth 8 dollars. If you have a discount theatre in your local area wait and see it for a buck. I wouldn't even bother renting it. That would be too much money for this unthrilling thriller.
critique8101 There are two reasons why I did not give a 1 to this movie. One reason are some of the actors (like Malcolm McDowell and Gwynyth Walsh) work who tried to play at their usually good level of acting. However at many scenes they were somehow blocked by the bad scripting.<br /><br />The other reason is the cool idea and looking of the Cyborg which is quite different to most other such roles I've seen so far.<br /><br />Everything else in this movie is as bad as it can be. Boring scenes useless and boring dialogs bad script work. And it seemed as it was the first movie ever for many actors. It could have been an interesting story though but they failed completely.
critique8102 The actresses bra in a changing room--well I guess they are preparing young children for changing room time? (Boys you must close your eyes at that scene A humongous bra (34C which definitely neither of the actresses size) dangling and supposedly talking--oh don't worry if your son takes your bra then Stripping boys (a girl pulls down a boys pants) to reveal his boxers--kids try that at home and in school Beating a girl with male briefs--nothing wrong. The show likes to show underwear--panties next?? Actress--at an age below 18 in a revealing bikini--mom can you buy me one when i reach puberty? So many sexual innuendos to learn:eg: "Don't doubt my ball skills."<br /><br />"I like to dance. With my shirt off."<br /><br />"Wet and sticky is very icky. Sticky and wet make Mommy upset."<br /><br />"I just wanna stick my face in this pie and go 'bbbbbbuuuub.'"<br /><br />"I come up with my best ideas when I'm wet."<br /><br />"He sliced my banana!"<br /><br />"Come on boy let's do it"<br /><br />you'll never guess where I found this fish"<br /><br />"I'll leave you two to do..it"<br /><br />"Carly (about Sam): She just ditched iCarly to go play with Jonah?!"<br /><br />"You won't get respect if your back's not erect."<br /><br />"How's it hanging"<br /><br />"What can I say I'm a great ball handler"<br /><br />"Watch me spank your daddy!"<br /><br />Spencer: That's big. Freddie's mom: Thank you<br /><br />"Hey! Could you keep your hands off my equipment?"<br /><br />Freddie: Oh and last night slept with my socks on. Sam or Carly: So? Freddie: JUST my socks<br /><br />"They wanted no part of me or my fudgeballs"<br /><br />"Freddie you know how I feel about you handling tools!"<br /><br />"You don't even wanna know where the batteries go"<br /><br />"It's like she stuffs waffle cones in her bra!"<br /><br />Spencer: "Well it spread...to places." Freddie: "Where?" *Spencer motions for Freddie to come near then whispers in his ear.* Freddie: "Ugh!"<br /><br />"Wow it's just that you've always seemed . . . so willing."<br /><br />"I have to take my daughter to a special doctor"<br /><br />"I send a lot of guys a lot of places"<br /><br />"Yeah you've been having all kinds of fun this morning."<br /><br />"I'm looking for some 'cheap entertainment'..." <br /><br />(mom I learn how to say **** indirectly today!!) All in all very educational for young children. Lesson to be taken: if you want to know more than where babies come from kids watch this show!!!
critique8103 Singleton has some serious issues he has to come to grips with. I get the feeling that he thinks he is pretty smart; however this movie is almost comically transparent and self righteous. In addition there are a bunch of "might-makes-right" messages like when our local Nazi jerks get beat up. I mean who in their right mind is going to root for a bunch of Nazi jerks? However he way Singleton portrays the "fight" is downright silly and seems to be designed to show us more the superior fighting qualities of the black protagonists than anything else. There is another "bad guy" (in reality a drunken frat boy) who rapes one of the movie's protagonists. In this instance I think that Singleton actually does a nice job portraying what is probably an all too common situation when the woman involved asks the frat boy to use a condom and he either does not have one or does not want to use one. In any event he does not accede to her demands that he stop and he proceeds to have intercourse despite her pleas. I think that this type of rape is all too common and in fact many uniformed people refuse to accept the fact that it is even a rape. Well no means no this is a rape which probably occurs a lot in Universities across the country.<br /><br />Having established the rape how does Singleton deal with it? When the frat boy tries to call the woman her roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone at which point the frat boy calls the roommate a "black bitch." The aggrieved roommate appears to appeal to a counsel of Ice Cube et al who then proceed to physically humiliate and abuse the frat boy into repeated and prolonged "apologies" to roommate for his racist remarks; however the (apparently in Singleton's mind) lesser crime of rape is not mentioned. Again no one really should feel sorry for the frat boy; however Singleton seems to be sending a dual message that a racist comment is a greater offense then rape and in any event violence is justified against jerks.<br /><br />What is so ultimately so disappointing is that this movie could have truly been about something important but Singleton while no doubt a talented director does not appear to have the maturity or depth to pull of something of this magnitude.
critique8104 Title: Dracula A.D. 1972 <br /><br />Director: Alan Gibson <br /><br />Cast: Peter Cushing Christopher Lee Stephanie Beacham <br /><br />Review: Sometimes movies can be time capsules that transport you back to any given time. In this case...our time capsule is Hammers Dracula A.D. 1972 which transports us back to a time in which Austin Powers would have felt right at home.<br /><br />The story is about these group of kids (were not a gang! were a group!) that love to hang out at a cafÃƒÂ© shop called "The Cavern". One day Johnny Alucard (hmm strange last name...wait...it spells Dracula backwards!) a new member of the group offers the group a new way to get their kicks. He offers them a night of black mass and black magic. To which they also say "sure why the hell not it could be fun!". So in no time flat the find themselves resurrecting Count Dracula from the ashes.<br /><br />This movie opens up with a swinging party at some rich doofuses home. He knows non of the people at his party yet there they all are partying the night away in his house. Doing drugs making out and dancing on top of tables. The filmmakers made sure that this sequence was completely engulfed in whatever young people considered cool at that time. Everyone says words like "way out" and "groovy" and they finish many of their sentences saying "all that jazz". So yeah its pretty evident that this is the 70s. To top it all off there's a band that sounds something like "Jefferson Airplane"...I mean you'll be drowned in all things 70s. And as I watched this I kept asking myself "how the heck is Dracula with his black cape and get up going to fit into all this?" And thats exactly what happens. Old Dracula feels out of place amidst all the partying and the rock and roll and drugs. Many of the scenes in the film are great....but sadly the music they decided to add to the proceedings doesn't fit at all and completely takes you out of the mood of things. Something horrifying or scary will be happening on screen and suddenly a bunch of loud trumpets and congos start to beat and your just completely taken out of the horror element. That sucked out the atmosphere right out of this movie for me.<br /><br />But all in all putting all the distracting 70s music aside (an illness that Satanic Rites of Dracula also suffered) the movie was pretty good. But I will mention this. The story was just a re-hash of what we had seen before in Taste the Blood of Dracula. In fact the story is damn near identical. Lets see...a young lad inherits Draculas ring and ashes...check. He then decides to bring Dracula back to life with the help of some people who know nothing about what they are getting into...check. Black Mass to bring Dracula back in a desecrated church...check. The list of similarities goes on and on. So this movie ain't very original if you ask me.<br /><br />There are a few things that make this movie worth while though. For example the fact that the movie is a time capsule to London in the early seventies makes the film entertaining. I kept giggling and laughing every time someone spoke in 70 jargon. I couldn't believe some of the clothes these people wore and the cars they drove! It made the movie fun for me but we are here to get spooked were here to see Drac kill a few virgins and take his revenge on the House of Van Helsing. Did we get any of that? Well yeah. There's a few good sequences squeezed in there to satisfy old school hammer fans. First off there's the Black Mass sequence which was above all things satanic! They mention the name of many a demon and lots blood is spilled. That sequence was awesome but it was messed up by the music in its most crucial moment. Then there's Draculas actual resurrection which Ill admit was great from a visual standpoint. Some mist comes out of Draculas grave and slowly but surely Christopher Lees silhouette and face emerge from the fog. Cool shot! I loved it! We have a Cushing and Lee face off at the end. And I couldn't help to laugh at one point when Dracula hurls a piece of furniture through the air. I laugh because he has done this in every single film since Horror of Dracula. Its this Hammer tradition where the characters start throwing candle sticks and chairs at each other. And I think to myself aren't their more exciting things to show then a bad guy throwing a candle stick at our hero. Oh well anyhows Draculas demise in this one is very similar to all the other Hammer Draculas before it vampire gets slaked and then we cut to a series of frames until there's only ashes left.<br /><br />All in all an unintentionally funny Hammer Dracula film. Its trapped in the 70s and though that makes it a fun watch (and its not as horrible as Satanic Rites of Dracula) it still doesn't gel well with the Dracula universe we had come to expect from Hammer.<br /><br />Rating 3 1/2 out of 5
critique8105 I don't know what you guys are inhaling but please stop. This movie was complete trash.<br /><br />Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister was lovable cute sweet loving and extremely fun to watch. He had that innocence but at the same time he was strong as well.<br /><br />This new kid Alex? Annoying as all hell! Just a blatant ripoff at trying to match Culkin's charm and grace failing miserably at that.<br /><br />The villains complete crap. Harry and Marv they were such an entertaining on screen team. They were comedic they were humorous and just made you really want to root for Culkin even more which is what a good villain is suppose to do. These guys Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern absolutely PERFECT for those roles. On the other hand in 3 we have 4 new idiots that just bicker and again try to capitalize on the charisma and duo charm of the first villains. Not saying they were horrible but they were not memorable or even really that entertaining. More on the corny side actually.<br /><br />Then we got the actual movies. Part 1 and 2 classics. Memorable. Perfect to watch around Christmas and brings a wonderful Christmas feeling and brings out so many emotions. It makes you fall in love with the story and care about the characters. Simply memorable and close to being masterpieces. Part 3? Masterpiece of crap. Enough said.<br /><br />All and all I don't know why people like this. I think people really don't know what a good movie is anymore. Its a crappy sequel rip-off with more unrealistic traps and a stupid new main character kid that I wish the robbers would of at least beat the crap out of.<br /><br />Run run away from this garbage. And lets not even start with Part 4!
critique8106 Generally speaking I'm a an admirer of Jess Franco's film-making but for some of this movies I really have difficulties understanding the motivation behind them or even their reason of existence. Like this sick puppy for example. "Sadomania" has absolutely no cinematic value it's poorly made without any sort of plot and featuring some of the most ill-natured sleaze footage ever captured on film. This is another filthy women-in-prison film where rape lesbian-action and violent torture games are daily routine. The guards are crazier than the prisoners and the institution is protected by an impotent governor who only gets sexually aroused when he spots a girl having sex with a dog (!). The girls are all very beautiful and naked throughout the entire film yet you can't really enjoy this sight with all the perversion going on. The dubious highlights include a barbaric hunting game (you can guess what he prey is) a duel-to-death between a guard and a prisoner and the image of a poor girl having a needle injected all the way through her nipple. Auch! Avoid this sick mess and you'll save yourself the trouble of taking TWO baths in order to wash the filth off.
critique8107 I'm sorry but this movie is just way to shallow for me. In it Perez is a taxi dancer with boyfriend Keitel trying to make it as an actress. First of all what the hell is a taxi dancer? Even after sitting through this I still don't know. Oh yeah Perez also inspires DeLorenzo to follow her like a lovesick puppy. There's no reason behind the love it just kind of happens. There are times when the characters and events really try to pull at your heartstrings but it rarely works. The only character you really do feel anything for or with is Keitel's character and that's only because he does such a good job with it. Any other actor and the character would have been just like the others.<br /><br />The script is basically an uninspired rehashing about how hard it is to make it as an actor/actress. It's been done and said before the language and dialog sounds like it was written by a street pimp. The ending is...well I don't want to spoil it. Let's just say it feels unsatisfying. I'd be more upset if the story was any good to begin with. The directing is average with nothing truly wonderful but nothing that is really painful to watch either. To reiterate the acting the only one that does anything worth watching is Keitel. Though I could have lived on without seeing him in tiger print bikini underwear.<br /><br />Oh yeah Eddie Bunker shows up. As random as that mention is that's how random it is in the film. And Tarantino does his director buddy a favor by showing up for about 20 seconds.
critique8108 What a disgrace! I was checking this out hoping it would be an undiscovered James Garner gem and what a stinker it turned out to be! The production quality was fine but the plot was undeniably lame and I can honestly say that I am only a couple hours older and a lot dumber now. The movie really had no redeeming qualities and if this kind of stuff keeps coming out it will give Hallmark a bad name. For those of you who insist on knowing what it was about it's about nothing and in this case it's not a good thing. We are subjected to watching one old ornery woman who is one of the dumbest creatures ever to roam the earth who happens to be married to a real sweetheart who is probably the only person alive that could put up with her. She drags him through one mess after another gets him into one embarrassing situation after another and is proud of herself the whole time. Then the movie ends. What a relief that was! Not worth the time it would take to watch it so do yourself a favor and skip this one you'll be glad you did if you knew how bad this one really is.
critique8109 Why bother ITV? Admittedly Mansfield Park is the most difficult of the novels to "get" and Fanny is certainly the hardest to like but... If one is going to take it on then have the courage to risk being true to the book and its rather complicated spirit. And for heaven's sake have the guts to cast Fanny as she was written: A prissy good-hearted sweetish whiner! Mrs. Norris wasn't nearly as awful as she should have been. And what the heck happened to Portsmouth? The contrast between Fanny's rather dubious family and family home and the splendors of Mansfield is key to well so many aspects of Fanny's refusal of Henry her uncle's rejection Henry's near transformation to a good person etc. etc. Again given the complexity and challenges of the novel why did they bother? It's beyond me...
critique8110 This could have been a good episode but I simply had to turn it off. The British representation was horrible to watch. Have the makers ever set foot in Britain prior to filming? At least set foot in England?? I don't think any British person have had such an accent apart from a comedy skit of The Royal Family! Also with the 2 English boys... well I don't think any English boy has acted spoke or dressed like any English kid in the history of the British nation since Prince William and Harry's preteen public appearances. To American film makers.. There is more than 1 country in the UK. England Wales Scotland and Northern Ireland.. meaning more than 1 culture! I can handle some stereotyping but this was so bad I could not watch it. Fire looked cool though!
critique8111 For a really wonderful movie you could also try seeing the movie about Saint Francis of Assisi - good for any audience. Best thing I liked about this movie was the Mexico landscape & it gets the movie up to a 2. I was surprised that these actors didn't have terrible sunburn they were so were not desert dwellers. And Moses is said to have a speakING impediment but certainly not here. Even the "miracle" scenes were contrived & un-believable. And what's the point if you can belief anything in a TV story? Talk about dumbing down I thought this Hallmark-made movie was pathetic & I can see why others hate Hollywood. I don't just some of these corporate profit grubbers. You don't have to be any kind of religious to benefit from "Jesus of Nazareth" but for this waste of celluloid you need to be bored with nothing to do dumbed-down & religious. And for a real movie experience try "Short Cut to Nirvana" a very highly rated film.
critique8112 I have always liked Spike Lee's movies but this one was a total waste of 2 1/2 hours. I expected more about Son of Sam and instead got a movie that seemed to have very little to do with the 1977 serial killings. The talking dog was laughable (you know you're in trouble when all the movie patrons burst into laughter inappropriately). The whole movie seemed very disjointed and not very interesting. The sex scenes were totally irrelevent to the plot. I'm not opposed to sex in movies but it should have some point (unless it's a XXX movie). All in all we were very disappointed at this Spike Lee effort!!
critique8113 It takes an eternity for this typically over-simplistic and idiotic Stephen King-based film to finally get out of the starting blocks. About half-an-hour is spent on needless introductions to various boring characters and their irrelevant little personal problems that might excite bored housewives and apathetic pensioners in soapy dramas but this is supposed to be the horror genre (or so I naively thought). The mutt fails to look all that fearsome which Leonard Maltin the notoriously clueless/hopeless and always grinning film critic would disagree with: he considers Cujo to be "genuinely frightening". (I often do have to wonder if Maltin is genuinely thick - or merely likes to do favors for his Hollywood friends...) It's both illogical and inconsistent the way Wallace survives an attack with only a leg injury. And naturally her car breaks down just when she needs it to save her life: this is one of the oldest horror-film clichÃƒÂ©s; trust King to use it to minimum effect. The premise is imbecilic too banal even for a horror film: a rabid mutt attacks a family. Is that it? This sort of thing barely constitutes a 3-minute sub-sub-plot in your average zombie film. I think even Cujo must have sensed that he was starring in a turkey. Mutts have terrible agents... But what I really don't understand is how people can actually throw themselves at the "Cujo" book and read it from cover to cover? These SK fans must be immortal: that's the only explanation i.e. why they treat time as such a meaningless commodity.<br /><br />Bodycount: 3.
critique8114 As a serious horror fan I get that certain marketing ploys are used to sell movies especially the really bad ones. So I wouldn't call it naivetÃƒÂ© that I assumed this was softcore horror ripping off Cannibal / Zombi / Jungle Holocaust. Unfortunately I was completely wrong as this is very hardcore. I should have realized that when I saw the odd "No actual or identifiable minor was used" warning. Notice the identifiable part as though he is daring us to catch him? A group of scientists half of whom are pretty women in bikinis are led by a sea captain with a penchant for 69ing on the beach in search for a mutated native killing villagers. Due to a nuclear bomb detonated on a supposedly evacuated island the radiation turned this last man into a rapist/ killer.<br /><br />Writer/ actor George Eastman is the only one trying here and succeeds in keeping his clothes on. The sex scenes are whacked out. Women walk around nude exuding a strange overconfidence and one even asks for rape when her husband turns her down. Well two chicks slapping each other naturally turns into a lesbo scene because women are horndogs. I saw the chick toss another chicks salad and finger herself.<br /><br />If there is anything you should know about this film it is that. Because the rest of this insane movie is just the same. Oh who am I kidding? There is a ton more to tell here. Like the white "Duchess" that pays for 2 black guys to tag team her in a parlor. Or the "Duchess" taking off her top to use as a bandage when the captain cuts himself. When he refuses her advances she starts crying. So being the good gentleman he is he reluctantly lets her pleasure him in front of the other crew members. I was honestly waiting for the pizza guy to show up and the "Duchess" to ask if there is any other way to pay him.<br /><br />And all of this happens before they depart for the island to conduct their research. Wait I thought this was a zombie flick? But the zombie doesn't enter until the 73min mark but by that time everyone else has been "entered" plenty. I found myself hitting fast forward a few scenesÃ‚Â…or several. This is my first splatter porn flick and I don't think it does that subgenre any justice. I guess it is the woman in me talking when I say that I would like more plot and less sweaty slobbering hairy sex. Funny thing is this could have worked as a decent horror film as the idea of atomic bombing mutating a bitter man and killing his family was a good one. Even Eastman's character shakes his head and walks away from a couple copulating. It makes me wonder if it was the character or the writer himself that was disgusted.<br /><br />I don't feel like going into the sound or film quality because you should have already guessed it was bad. This production was shot back to back with 3 other movies including Erotic Nights of the Living Dead which sports most of the same cast. Eastman has said this was done because everyone wanted a vacation and a paycheck. Nevermind I feel like talking about the sound suddenly. The sound was weird during the sex scenes because while the cast is speaking Italian it seems as though they recorded English voiceovers and played that over their dialogue. So while 2 people are boning I can clearly hear someone in the background say "No! Yes! Wonderful! Wait!" There was a slightly amusing Italian score that couldn't save this movie. The SFX were minimal at best and consisted of some blood in only a few scenes. And I would like to point out that there were no violent rape scenes as the bright warning label said on the DVD cover (ahem another marketing ploy) so no fear there. Only fear the bad movie.<br /><br />Presented in Widescreen 1.85:1 aspect ratio. I watched the Region 1 Not Rated version running at 113min released in 2005 by Exploitation Digital. There is apparently a XXX version by Alfa Digital which is the same running time so I doubt anything is different. Prices vary but you shouldn't pay more than $25.00 for a copy. Or as I would recommend pay nothing and pretend it doesn't exist.<br /><br />Favorite Quote: Shipmate "Civilians are bad luck. Women are bad luck. They're scientists too? They must really be monsters." DVD Extras: Original trailer with hardcore shots & kills to make it look more interesting than it is Trailers for SS Hell Camp Emmanuelle & ENOTLD and a very informative interview with Eastman.<br /><br />Bottom Line: Lame porno but even weaker as a horror film. Either get real porn or watch real horror.<br /><br />Rating: 3/10 by Molly Celaschi www.HorrorYearbook.com
critique8115 I am sorry to rain on everybody's parade. Just a little background about me: I like and know a lot about Asian cinema especially Japanese Chinese and Indian. Admittedly I am a novice when it comes to South-Korean cinema but if this is the best of the best sorry. I just want you to know that I am not at all narrow-minded when it comes to appreciating foreign movies and I do not fit the stereotype of the "dumb American" . . . well not perfectly.<br /><br />I cannot believe the high praise this piece of nothing is bestowed upon. This is a disgusting *and* ludicrous movie. Hammy acting - everything is badly done and overdone like begging for the uneducated viewer's attention. Horrible camera-work with an insistence on meaningless close-ups derived from the MTV aesthetics.<br /><br />The plot is more full of holes than a gigantic piece of Swiss cheese. Nobody expects a thriller to be 100% realistic and for the sake of entertainment I'd be happy to close my eyes to small unfitting details. But excuse me what's happening here that *can* stand even summary scrutiny? This story of an unbelievably intricate and contrite act of revenge is worse than the worst tabloid story one can read in a line at the supermarket. (Don't want to spoil your "enjoyment" if that's the word so won't go into details of the plot.) The fighting scenes are violent unbelievable downright stupid (the main "hero" taking on dozens and dozens of opponents in the same time after he ONLY trained while imprisoned punching a wall ! ) The truly "outstanding" features of this movie are two: the lurid and incestuous sex (brother on sister and father on daughter well we've evolved since Oedipus didn't we?) and the graphic violence. The cut off body parts - hands teeth tongues - together with industrial quantities of spilled blood (how many tens of thousands of tomatoes had to die for this movie to be made?) have no esthetical function/motivation whatsoever.<br /><br />A feast for the S & M inclined admittedly but even for those a feast of no merit nor subtlety. Heavens even Mel Gibson's recent and much-discussed work on an almost similar theme wasn't THAT bad.<br /><br />The invariably good press this pretentious overblown overlong piece of gratuitous gore coming from Korean shores obtains makes me wonder what's happening. I don't think of myself as being the ultimate paragon of taste and often I am ready to accept that a movie I didn't enjoy may be better than I was able to perceive. However I have no scruples whatsoever in calling this one as I see it: bad bad bad. No redeeming qualities. My 2c? Find something better to do with your time.
critique8116 One of the worst movies I've ever seen. Yes I know I'm not the target audience. Target audience is females either college age or middle aged or any aged I guess. I'm none of these so the makers don't mind if I don't like it. But that won't excuse the fact that the dialogue and the plot are horrible. The main character Phoebe goes on a journey to Europe to find out what happened to her sister Faith who committed suicide. Phoebe is an inane character that i hope no one identifies with. Faith is also a character with very little believability. Wolf is the only person who seems to be somewhat reasonable. As I said the dialogue is boring and uninteresting. The plot does completely stupid things at times. The absolute worst is that Phoebe and Faith's father is an artist but his paintings are completely dreadful. There is nothing new interesting or refreshing in this movie. If your a guy you will pray for the ending. If your a chick you might be able to sit through it but you will be unimpressed.
critique8117 or: It's a bird ? It's a plane ? No look... It's a disaster ! or: No need to look up in the sky.<br /><br />or: (... OK that's enough.) If singer tried to make a romantic titanic like movie to crash the box office record he failed. The SR structure can't do this the dark and restricted color scheme (I would call it "wishi-washi") the boring usual dialogs the clown with advanced alien technology the missing fun and magic etc. makes the movie completely disappointing.<br /><br />It simply doesn't work.<br /><br />The main thing at a character like superman is that he is a superhero. That's the core the most important thing.<br /><br />Love trouble and a sadly lost depressive Supersoftie can maximal only be a facet in a 2:40 long Superman movie not the whole time.<br /><br />Because then it is not a superman or superhero movie anymore. It's like a (and in this case a very bad and boring) social study where every 30 minutes a person flies around.<br /><br />That's a big difference.<br /><br />This movie is a joke. Holy skywalker this is Superman so give us Supervillains Superaction and the most important thing Superfun.<br /><br />We want ENTERTAINMENT ! Singer if you want to make a 2:40 long soul love trouble drama about lost and sadly people ? Then take normal human characters and make a yentl remake.<br /><br />They say: Superman returns. And then supersadlysoftie stands in the door.<br /><br />Maybe singer has tried to kill the legend without kryptonite but one bad movie can't do this. Don't give up they plan a sequel...<br /><br />Next time singer (and Warner Brothers) make a superhero movie not a depressive superlame soap or let it be. A superhero movie means a colorful fantasy with a lot of fun and magic.<br /><br />This movie is like a very cheap chocolate box with a super cover. Yes technically there are all sorts in yes there is a lot of small talks there are a few jokes a view action scenes etc but the only one what all these worse pieces have in common is their poor quality.<br /><br />It's not more than a super boring patchwork and one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my live.<br /><br />The ridiculous cast strategy (Cast them young as possible so we can make sequels in the next 25 years) gives the rest. Kate Bosworth plays a 22 year old star reporter she's looking like 19. Superman was full five years away so he slept with her 6 years ago so she was 16 (looking like 13) and a daily planet reporter wroting "I spend a night with superman". Warner Brothers that's too much.<br /><br />Routh is not so bad he is playing a little bit wooden but the whole movie is wooden so... ?! Temporary good were marsden and sometimes posey. The rest forget it. Even spacey this is not his terrain.<br /><br />Reeve/Hackman/Kidder were acting so easy with fun. What a difference.<br /><br />The Jesus poses at the end are ridiculous too. What the hell should that be ? The problem here is they mean this serious not as a joke. Next time Spiderman or Batman or Ironman falls and rises like Jesus or angels ? Or they speak with god directly. Why not ? They are superheroes saving human lives every day. So at least one talk with god every week should be possible... Oh my god.<br /><br />Maybe this was not the real announced movie instead it is from a bizarre dull parallel universe.<br /><br />For the warner brothers this superlame depressive flick will be possibly the greatest disaster in history. Not only because of the money.<br /><br />I understand how difficult it (maybe) was to create and transport some messages or feelings but showing lone lost and sadly people isn't new and thousands of movies or TV-Shows did it better in very old or new ones like magnolia. And the flying frogs there were more impressive than this flying superwoman sorry superman of course.<br /><br />Singer and WB that's simply nothing. In fact it's even more than nothing it's like a black hole that destroys the passion for (comic/superhero) movies and steals us three hours of our life.<br /><br />Mrs. Smilla's little brother. (Very angry and green like the hulk.)
critique8118 HAH! So this is the movie that the "Next Action Stars" were getting into. Well I'm glad that I didn't participate and didn't win...<br /><br />Isn't it funny how one can just look at the first 10 seconds(!) and make up ones mind about a movie? I mean come on! Just look at those titles!? I watched this movie(or part of this "teleplay" since it was produced for TV and we couldn't bear to watch the whole thing) one evening while doing my military service and the audience with me was the typical hodge-podge of average guys that once in a while watch series like Las Vegas just for the girls in the show. so the bar wasn't really high the most watched movie in my group was Girl Next Door (and it wasn't because of the great script ;D . But this movie's total lack of originality acting scripting and just about everything else that makes a movie good made it pretty easy to switch channel to Las Vegas (or was it CSI? don't remember...) without any complaints by the rest of the group. And that is rare(!) For heavens sake! Don't by this movie! If it's on TV then yes watch it. And contemplate on it. My conclusion? well since Joel Silver has indeed produced some of the best action-films out there (Die Hard Matrix 1 to name some) I can only say that producers don't give the film it's quality they provide money for the directors. And to sell this movie just because it's a Joel Silver movie is just a desperate attempt to conceal the obvious flaws of the crew who really made it.
critique8119 I like Fulci films i really do and not in some boring ironic way either but i recognise that they appear hopelessly inept and garbled to lots of people.<br /><br />Conquest is where Fulci tries his hand at the epic fantasy genre and doesn't really succeed. Structurally it's like most Fulci films you've seen. Some stuff happens some more stuff happens and occasionally one scene might be tangentially related to another. Really it's like Conan with no sets no script no real actors (yes Arnold Scharzenfartz is hardly an actor either) no budget stupid looking dog soldiers and a bunch of gore.<br /><br />This one was a hard one to get through and i could've lived without the inch of vaseline smeared on the camera to give it that Hair Metal music video look.
critique8120 I like musicals but as a Dickens fan I HATE this one. **MILD SPOILERS** Starving boys who have enough energy to sing and dance in the workhouse? The poor of London coming out to sing? Fagin and Dodger walking off into the sunset? Not exactly faithful to the novel. As I recall Dodger was publicly hanged and Fagin went crazy in prison. **END OF SPOILERS**<br /><br />Oliver Reed is very weak as Sykes doing little more than growling to indicate his evil. Worst however is Mark Lester as Oliver who often comes across so awkward and passive you wonder if he's really the main character. His portrayal is in no way helped by the fact that the best they could do when he sings is dub in the voice of a girl. Guess they didn't realize that boy trebles can be found in almost every church in England.<br /><br />Self-respecting Dickens fans: stick to David Lean's amazing 1948 film or the BBC 6-hour adaptation from the mid-80's. Avoid this bloated whitewash of a musical.
critique8121 This movie is not worth seeing at least not at a cinema. The story is hard to follow and understand (it starts with 10 minutes of something happening 3 years earlier). It's hard to know if this movie is trying to be a comedy or just is so bad/weird that it sometimes seems like it. American sirens and lights on Swedish police cars is just one example. The acting of Persbrandt and Bergqvist is good as usual but I think Jenny Lampa acting as Jasmin acts very poor. Zara Zetterqvist acts pretty well she's not been seen as an actor in Swedish movies for a long time. If you still want to see it wait until it's released on DVD or is shown on TV.
critique8122 Once again I've been duped by seemingly intelligent reviews making seemingly intelligent comments about an obviously crappy movie. I actually put my shoes on got in my car burned expensive gasoline and drove to the nearest rental place AFTER reading said reviews and paid the requisite 4 dollars and change to rent this thing. I'm telling you this one's not worth the minuscule kilo-calories spent on lifting one's index finger to switch channels on a TV remote. <br /><br />I even gave it a few more minutes after seeing all the tell-tale signs of a pedigree dog-pile. These presented as clinical symptoms of a director who is a. going senile or b. is only marginally interested in the film he/she is obligated to create. I saw similar deterioration with John Carpenter's string of ridiculous caricature's over the past number of years.<br /><br />Here are a couple of scenes as incriminating evidence. The priest is having a disturbing dream...supposedly a harbinger of nastiness to come since he seems hell bent on opening the archaeological feature which houses the demon. The dream is a goofy collage of disjointed images right out of the Twilight Zone's stock footage. A ticking clock careens through the dream scape's blackness implying what? the unfathomable mystery of Time?....big deal! A disembodied head painted in demon features with convenience store quality Halloween make-up flickers back and forth in a convulsive frenzy. Every time I see this effect a big fat rip-off from Jacob's Ladder it pisses me off. This in itself almost instantly discredits a film. <br /><br />The whole build-up of the archaeological dig itself is laughable. Everything is so obvious...so tired and over-wrought...the only possible response is boredom. At one point in the dig the priest comments on finding the statues of Angels surrounding a sarcophagus...they're all pointing down toward the crypt with their weapons. He queries "Look at these surrounding statues....It's as if they are holding..something..down!" This is supposed to build tension...critical mass..but it doesn't even come close! How can there be suspense if you treat the audience like a bunch of morons having to EXPLAIN the suspense as you go along. The imagery is over-done in the first place but the added comments only add insult to injury in my opinion. Soon thereafter the tomb is "decorated" with the remains of the soldiers placed there to guard the main atrium (another shameless rip-off of The Keep btw). Who for crying out loud did the make-up effects for this film??! The blood actually had that pinkish quality one might see in 70's Tromaville flicks. At this point I became almost convinced that they simply forgot the make-up and had to go to Wal-Mart in the interest of time and money.<br /><br />DON'T listen to glowing comments on this one! I'll be keeping a suspicious eye on Schrader too. Looks like it might be time to hang up his gloves. Perhaps a close friend will offer a gentle admonition to quit while there's still dignity in memory of films gone by.
critique8123 Flame in flame out. That seems to be Gammera in a nutshell a prehistoric creature who can take it and dish it out with equal abandon. I'm not a fan of Japanese monster films but wound up committed to viewing all the flicks on the fifty film DVD sci-fi collection put out by Mill Creek/Treeline Films. It's a great value at about twenty five bucks so at fifty cents per movie it really boils down to an investment in time to watch some of the goofy offerings.<br /><br />Gammera is riled from a centuries long slumber by a nuclear blast and he's not happy. Like Godzilla he takes it out on Tokyo setting the United Nations into motion to try and come up with a plan to save the planet. They arrive at 'Plan Z' the hope of the world and wouldn't you know it there's a scene where a huge shed is shown that's called the 'Z Plan' building; that was a nice touch.<br /><br />By the mid 1960's this country still wasn't quite politically correct. One of the American military scenes at the Alaskan Air Defense Sector has General Arnold asking a female sergeant to make coffee. I guess there weren't any privates around.<br /><br />Good old Gammera was quite the sight though walking around on two legs and going for the flame throwing routine when challenged. That's why it surprised me how Plan Z managed to capture turtle man in the nose cone of a hidden space ship whisking him off to Mars to save the world. High fives all around for the American and Russian team that made the save now let's get back to the Cold War.<br /><br />Like Godzilla Gammera spawned at least a good dozen films but having seen this one pretty much satisfies my interest in flying flaming turtles. Especially since that DVD pack I mentioned earlier has "Attack of the Monsters" with a featured guest appearance by the Big G. It took all I had to make it through to the end of both films; it was such a relief to get to the final frame in this one that said 'Gammera Sayonara!"
critique8124 First I am a big fan of Alien and Alien II - in my opinion both of these movies created and defined the Si-Fi Horror Genre as we know it today. I noticed Lifeforce was often compared to the Aliens saga - after viewing this movie I would highly disagree. There are some okay special effects with the alien vampires and the story line might have been acceptable. I just can't get past a naked woman space vampire throughout the whole movie this is absolutely absurd (although she does look good). Add in a bunch of bad British acting and it's pretty much OVER. Most of the movie ends up taking place in London or somewhere in England so after the first 20 minutes you lose the outerspace setting and any hope of some real Si-Fi Horror action and suspense.<br /><br />
critique8125 This kind of film has become old hat by now hasn't it? The whole thing is syrupy nostalgia turned in upon itself in some kind of feedback loop.<br /><br />It sure sounds like a good idea: a great ensemble cast some good gags and some human drama about what could have/might have been. Unfortunately there is no central event that binds them all together like there was in "The Big Chill" one of those seminal movies that spawned copycat films like this one. You end up wanting to see more of one or two particular people instead of getting short takes on everyone. The superficiality this creates is not just annoying it's maddening. The below-average script doesn't help.
critique8126 Seriously this film is not. Steve Guttenburg is constantly forcing his tough-guy dialogue and then giving everyone the evil-eye all the time. He just wasn't believable he seems like he's trying to be a badass and he sucks at it. I just remember him as the millionaire dad with the Olsen twins in It Takes Two...so this is a BIG change. I rented this film for Sean Bean and he dies (as usual). Only this time he didn't get impaled on a boat anchor (Patriot Games) smashed by a giant satellite dish (Goldeneye) or get run over by cows(The Field). He just got shot real quick-like and civil and that was all I got from this film that they didn't kill him off in an extremely grotesque and morbid way. How sad is that? I was only watching it for the 3 seconds that Sean was in it and then the rest was rubbish. I actually tried to watch and understand the plot but there really wasn't one. Seemed a little like Mission Impossible with the hole"Oooooo! There's a mole! It's the leader of the group and NO ONE EXPECTED IT! Let's trap him! Let's frame the underdog good-guy so we can get away with it!" Cliched and tired this movie was a waste of time.
critique8127 A youth gets a bad hair day goes out on a hill and falls into where he can't escape. Then he meets MR. ATLAS a "mythological" dude from 2000 years ago as his very best friend and an Arnold Schwarzenegger look-and-sound-alike. His Herculean strength helps the boy out of danger and later adjusts to modern life. So what's the big deal? This is the lousiest idea for a "family" outing! Either way this one shouldn't have been attempted at all really! Our fictional character of might and brawn is nothing more than a typical stranger who appears ordinary to the rest of the universe. To add to the blasphemy is the lack of anything new or appealing and before you know it there is some attempted violence that doesn't qualify this as "family" entertainment. The scene where Atlas complains of his undershorts is gaggling though. Just spend a nice quiet afternoon in the park for a change.
critique8128 Holy cow what a piece of sh*t this movie is. I didn't how these filmmakers could take a 250 word book and turn it into a movie. I guess they didn't know either! I don't remember any farting or belching in the book do you?<br /><br />They took this all times childrens classic added some farting belching and sexual inuindo and prostituted it into a KAKA joke. This should give you a good idea of what these hollywood producers think like. I have to say visually it was interesting but the brilliant visual story is ruined by toilet humor (if you even think that kind of thing is funny) I DON'T want the kids that I know to think it is.<br /><br />Don't take your kids to see don't rent the DVD. I hope the ghost of Doctor Suess ghost comes and haunts the people that made this movie.
critique8129 It really amazed me to see that someone would take so much time to assess such a bad movie. The beginning (of the film) had some truth in it. The Partisan "AF" was started in 1943 when two communist pilots from the Croat Ustashi AF deserted together with their observers in Breguet 19 and Potez 33 respectively. The aircraft saw some action in strafing and hand-bombing but didn't last very long. One crew was killed and the other survived the pilot being killed later while flying a Spitfire Vc. The real Partisan squadrons were established when RAF detached two of its (Yugoslav) squadrons of Spitfire Vc and Hurricane IIc  respectively manned by Ex Yugoslav Royal Airforce pilots and allotted them to Tito's forces on the Island of Vis. Even those were never engaged in air-to-air activities but strictly for ground support. So the film was one giant cow manure to put it mildly and the lowest point for its otherwise not at all bad director. By some quirk of fate I was present on the filming of the last sequence of the movie when dozens of German aircraft were destroyed (Yugoslav 522 trainers used also in the flying sequences) on the Mostar military airport. The pyrotechnics were impressive and the Scotch served lavishly by the film crew was even better. Otherwise the film was a shameless lie was and frequently joked about by the contemporary audience.
critique8130 No matter how you look at this movie it is just awful.<br /><br />If you view it as a horror then it is an unscary movie with the monsters being hand puppets.<br /><br />If you look at it as a comedy then you will notice most of the humor falls flat and is just lame.<br /><br />If it is a romance you will wonder why a guy would stay with such a B**ch!<br /><br />If you look at it as an action you can't really pull for the whiny hero.<br /><br />As you can see this movie just fails to deliver anything remotely entertaining. As mentioned the monsters are obvious puppets and this film was another attempt at a Gremlins type movie. This however has the worst looking monsters of that genre. Critters looked pretty good so did the Ghoulies heck even the puppets from the Munchies looked better than these. The characters in this film are thouroughly unlikable. The hero is a whiney security guard his girlfriend is always complaining they have a tramp friend who has a jerk military boyfriend and another friend who is a spaz. At one point in the movie the hero and the military guy fight with rakes...this movie is just utterly stupid. I like the scene when they are in the dreaded club scum (which is obviously not a club but more likely a diner) and the hero tells the waitress that none of them are 21. Give me a break I am 25 and I look younger than any of them.
critique8131 Chupacabra: Dark Waters has to rank as one of the most insipidly moronic movies ever made. I had expected at least some passable entertainment because John Rhys Davies was involved and after seeing this movie I can honestly say I lowered my opinion of Mr. Davies substantially.<br /><br />Why? The acting is incredibly poor. An excellent actor like Davies should have demanded more from the cast and the director. It was painfully obvious that Mr. Davies was just clock-watching and hoping the check would not bounce. To say that he just showed up would be an understatement. But at least he did show up. The rest of the cast looks like they mailed it in from their respective jobs at the various Los Angeles restaurants where they work as waiters. Talk about a cast of unknowns! This is the kind of cast that never appears in movies again. They act as if they were auditioned while waiting at the unemployment office.<br /><br />What about the special effects? Store bought firecrackers Styrofoam a cheap rubber suit and CGI effects that look like they came from my 1980 Atari Game. I have seen some horrible special effects used on Sci-Fi Channel movies but this stuff looked like cut-and-paste done at the kindergarten by someones' child. I expected Mr. Crabs and Sponge-Bob would show up at the end to battle the Chupacabra. Not to mention that all the accounts of the creature describe it as a small gremlin-like critter. It would have been a good film for a Leprechaun-like character. Instead we get a gigantic hulking creature that is shown walking with stop-action speeded-up effects that are laughable. The chupacabra is in one place and then it shuffles at super-speed down the hall and it is worth a few laughs just to see this.
critique8132 I saw this trailer and thought to myself my god is this movie for real who would want to see this movie and at the same time i thought that my girl friend turned to me and said "we have to go see this movie"...enough said so i saw this about 5 minutes go and I tried to put on a brave face and enjoy the cheap scares but there weren't even any of those. It has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen the director has no influence no perspective the same shots were used again and again he did not build up suspense the cast probably were simply told scream cry run fall. I would love to see the script as the first 40 mins was mostly annoying girly giggles and bad music there was absolutely no character development.<br /><br />The plot is just...well there was no plot it was basically I know we will terrorize a high school group on their prom night with a stalker serial killer That's brilliant! hmmm The acting was what you expect in a Australian soap opera hopeless that main character the Blondie god dam she annoyed me. her longest line must have been half a sentence and every time she was on camera she was just pulling another rude facial expression.<br /><br />Please listen to me if you have any taste in movies don't go see this and if your like me and don't have a choice well then I wish you good luck maybe smuggle in an ipod or magazine. Can't believe this film got made!
critique8133 When Exploiters become evangelist they still exploit in the name of poverty! <br /><br />My first reaction after seeing the movie is Ã‚Â– God Bless me that I am not eating fish or any non-vegetarian products! <br /><br />The documentary is about Lake Victoria of Tanzania where numerous varieties of lovely fishes used to live and one day during 1960s somebody came and injected the mighty fish Perch who became the exportable commodity for Tanzania to European and Japanese markets. The consequences were severe Ã‚Â– firstly all local small and big fish were extinct; secondly the plane that came to take the fish could not travel empty because it does not make commercial/ business/ capitalist sense so it is filled with arms and ammunition (that is what Europe can give this world); thirdly the pilots (as all migrants and traveling population like truck drivers) has to survive their sexual needs by flourishing cheap local African prostitutes for them; fourthly the brokers dealers middle men in the chain (mainly Indian origin business people) get richer and Tanzania's poverty remains the same; fifth poverty drives the children to crime drugs etc.<br /><br />The premise to make this documentary was excellent. But has the Director Hubert Sauper succeeded in making a good documentary? It is a big NO. <br /><br />I say the reasons: Like in India it requires a higher caste Brahmin to stand up and project to the world Indian poverty and untouchables; similarly it requires an Austrain born European documentary maker to tell the world the story of Tanzania and its crumbling and ruining economy and poverty. It is the pathetic motive of unaware breeding of that rich class (who have never seen poverty or known poor) who survives live earn and fame like pest hanging on to projecting poverty to the world as soon as they see it. There is nothing more but despise by poor people in African and India who see such images of their.<br /><br />The intention and motives of the Hubert seems totally lop-sided. The images characters locales interviews are too grave and murky dark and disturbing. He uses exaggerated ignorance as a voice to present his case. What we feel in the end is pity and sadness for Africans. We also start considering the Tanzania government and people as villainous. May be some westerners sitting in their air-conditioned rooms would find time to discuss and debate about the pathetic living conditions of Africans but there would be nothing more than that.<br /><br />The director restrains to show himself even once on the screen Ã‚Â– so as not to be identified among the Europeans who exploit this poor country.<br /><br />This Director Hubert can only survive being exploiters themselves like today's CNN and BCC media giants. Hubert did not have guts or common sense to talk to any Europeans who eat or companies who import these fish products. A totally lop-sided flimsy effort! But I understand the reasons of the same Ã‚Â– Hubert just wanted to rake his fame sitting and smiling with awards in his European comfort.<br /><br />No more words to spare for this pathetic effort. I hesitantly give the documentary a higher rating 3.5 Stars out of 10 just because the theme was correct; but was pathetically exploited and blown away by amateurish ill conceived director made solely for un-intelligent western audiences! (Stars 3.5 out of 10)
critique8134 To anyone not familiar with c.S. Forrester's book this film should be interesting. It is colorful well acted and depicts high adventure but to those of us who know the original stories it is appalling. I could hardly sit through it.<br /><br />For some reason screen-writers seem compelled to rewrite the stories they are working on. Of course the spoken word is different from the written word and there are some episodes that would be difficult to film. But why do the screen-writers rewrite the story instead of just adapting it? In this case the writers out-did themselves.<br /><br />Just a few examples: There was no mutiny on the Renown. The officers did take over the ship after the half-insane Captain was driven completely mad when he fell through a hatchway -for reasons implied but never given. There was no court martial. The court of inquiry was conducted in an almost congratulatory atmosphere. Captain Pellew does not appear appear in this part of the Hornblower saga nor does Col. Ortega's wife. Hornblower himself was never in the brig either on the ship or on shore. There are plenty of such manipulations of Forrester's story.<br /><br />On a purely technical basis I think the film's repeated use of the flash-back device hurts the continuity of the story.<br /><br />Why oh why did screen-writers have to mess up a good story?
critique8135 Just PPV'd this. I don't want to waste too much time on this as most of the posters here put it better than I ever could but I did want to say a few things.<br /><br />I didn't know which was funnier: Redgrave chasing tiny moths and tripping over her nurse; Close wailing that her "precious" boy (whom she and the Mr. had decided was a drunken loser) has been turned into roadkill; that the tone-deaf Ann schmoozed with Peggy Lee; or the horrid CGI of Crypt Keeper Annie gazing at her younger self!<br /><br />I never bought Danes as the younger Redgrave. I didn't buy Richardson and Collette as sisters either. If Meryl Streep's daughter wants to be an actress she better get Mama to give her a few lessons! I had zero idea why any girl (or Buddy) would make fools of themselves over vapid stud du jour Harris! Ann's daughters are as whiny and thoughtless as she Luc is a retarded slacker on crack and I didn't give a rot about any of them! Evening gives Chick Flicks a bad name!
critique8136 I can't really see how anyone can have any interest whatsoever in seeing this movie. A woman meets a man he wants to play games she too but only until she realise what she's missing. She leaves and that's it really. It took 9 1/2 weeks before Elizabeth (Kim Basinger) left John (Mickey Rourke). She should have left him after 30 minutes and ended our misery.
critique8137 The movie is an adaptation of a Japanese story by the respected author Yukio Mishima. It simply doesn't make the transition into a credible story about Brits and Americans.<br /><br />The story moves sluggishly especially the part where Miles and Kristofferson are separated and the director fills in with the cliched shots of a ship's prow cutting through the waves and the little route line filling in on the maps while their letters are heard in overvoice. The film moves so languidly that I even fast-forwarded through the sex and masturbation scenes which although long are not really either passionate or erotic. The film did achieve a measure of notoriety when Kristofferson's then-wife divorced him for extra-curricular activities with Miss Miles during the filming. I guess they enjoyed the sex scenes but it isn't quite the same for a viewer.<br /><br />There are no characters to hang on to. The sexually frustrated widow is unlikeable the little kid is detestable. Kristofferson is amiable enough but he just doesn't have the acting skills to bring much to the role although perhaps we don't really want get too involved with him considering his ultimate fate.<br /><br />As for the little kid well he kinda falls in with a bad crowd after his dad dies and they help him plot some evil against the man who enters his mum's life. Now this is a really bad crowd. They don't just shoplift and smoke dope nosireebib. They slip a mickey to a cat and vivisect it. This is shown in gory detail. But of course this is only practice so they can do the same thing to Kristofferson!<br /><br />So the movie mostly moves slowly with no characters to relate to and when something does happen it is unrelentingly morbid.<br /><br />The ending is about as unsatisfying as any movie you'll ever see.<br /><br />This all might have made some sense if the Japanese locale and cultural context had been retained. As it stands it is just abysmal.<br /><br />
critique8138 Slashers.....well if you like horrors its definitely one to see otherwise don't even bother.It is completely obvious that this film has an extremely low budget For instance it looks as if the entire film has been shot in a warehouse somewhere and on numerous occasions you will see the mike boom shadow and the camera mans shadow trust me you wont need to look for them.Also try to ignore the cheesy actors if thats what you call them!!The basic outline is a few people decide to go on a game show where they have to survive a night in a big maze due to their being 3 killers on the loose and whoever live's at the end gets rich. Now there is something about this film that keeps you watching and rarely do you find that with a cheap budget horror these daysFor example when i watched it i thought to my self i would'nt mind having a go at this game! especially for $12.000.000. so anyway i would recommend you watch it and make up your own mind.
critique8139 A young man who never knew his birth parents receives an old farm in an isolated section of West Virginia upon the death of his natural father. He visits his property with a cross-section of potential victims including the comic relief black guy and a trendy lesbian couple. (Hmm will there be skinny dipping? Take a guess.) Unfortunately the party comes to an end when the spirits of drifters killed by his evil great-grandfather and used as scarecrows come back for revenge. This film starts out well. An artful montage of depression-era photographs and phony newspapers set against a speech by FDR - this I believe is his first appearance in a killer scarecrow movie- establishes the mood. I developed some hopes for the film which were partially realized. The story was serviceable enough. The setting was sufficiently bucolic. The photography was mostly in focus. The acting while no great shakes was slightly above par for horror movies in this budget range. The film might've actually worked within the narrow demands of the genre if the scarecrows were scary. But they weren't They looked cheap. They weren't frightening at all. The better the monster the better the movie. These scarecrows wouldn't scare Dorothy let alone Toto.
critique8140 I caught this film late at night on HBO. Talk about wooden acting unbelievable plot et al. Very little going in its favor. Skip it.
critique8141 This is one incredibly standard western that features some bad acting dull storyline and silly action.<br /><br />Biggest problem perhaps is how incredibly formulaic this movie is. It features all of the usual clichÃƒÂ©s yes even a bar fight and the movie really doesn't has any surprises in it. It makes this a dull and a weak western to watch also not in the least because it's such a poorly made one.<br /><br />It's obviously a small production and the movie looks like it got shot in 30 days. The directing and editing can be called bad and all of the action sequences featured in the movie are incredibly silly. It perhaps almost becomes a bit humorous to watch for all the wrong reasons.<br /><br />Its story also isn't that interesting. It's a pretty friendly western (so also no blood) in which for some odd reason everybody seems to be against the Younger brothers who in this movie are being portrayed as good and very friendly guys. The story gets sillier and sillier as it heads toward its ending. The Younger brothers really existed and were part of the James-Younger gang of which the famous brothers Frank and Jesse James were also part of. Of course they were not as friendly in real life as portrayed in this movie. It just was custom for an early '40's to have likable man characters in it. It wasn't really until the Spagethi-western age really that the main characters became rotten criminals themselves really. Strangely enough that approached has always worked out better than those early western's in which the main character is on the good side of the law.<br /><br />Thing that does make this movie original is the fact that it was shot in color. This was something pretty unique for an '40's western and still gives the movie something extra. You can wonder though why they shot this western in full color. The movie is still done in the style of a black & white early western after all and I actually believe that this movie would had been a bit more credible if it got done in black & white instead.<br /><br />You could easily do without this western.<br /><br />4/10
critique8142 The worst movie i've seen in years (and i've seen a lot of movies). Acting is terrible there is no plot whatsoever there is no point whatsoever i felt robbed after i rented this movie. they recommended it to me mind you! a disgrace for terrible movies! stay away from this terrible piece of c**p. save your money !
critique8143 This extremely bargain-basement Blaxploitation/Kung-Fu hybrid was in my country released by a questionable DVD label that usually speaking just occupies with the transfer of pure crap onto disc so that wasn't exactly a favorable herald. Several other titles were released in the same series like "The Black Six" "The Black Gestapo" and "The Black Godfather" and judging by all their low ratings and negative reviews none of these belong to the elite of the 70's Blaxploitation hype neither. "TNT Jackson" is a pretty lousy film completely lacking a significant plot but featuring far too many laughable fighting scenes and horrible acting to compensate. Apparently Roger Corman Ã‚Â– never too embarrassed to make some easy money Ã‚Â– assigned two of his most loyal acolytes to rapidly invent a simplistic story that would appeal to fans of both oriental Kung-Fu movies and contemporary trendy Blaxploitation flicks. The result Cirio H. Santiago and Dick Miller came up with was "TNT Jackson"; the tale of an arse-whooping black babe traveling to Hong Kong in search of her missing brother. She quickly discovers he was killed by a criminal network of drug-smugglers and swears to avenge him. Mrs. Jackson smoothly infiltrates into the underground and encounters macho pimps helpful undercover agents loads of vicious Kung-Fu fighters. Only one thing's for sure; they all want a piece of TNT's ravishing body in one way or another. I sincerely doubt movie concepts get any more elementary than this but Ã‚Â– unfortunately - all the other aspects suck too. The battle scenes are overlong and moreover pathetically staged. Jeannie Bell and the other poor suckers try really hard to stare menacingly and assume a tough position but eventually all they ever do is kick in the air and stupidly leap across rooms. The cinematography is horrid the soundtrack is vastly disappointing (whatever happened to soul music?) the few dialogs are poorly written and the acting performances are inferior. Speaking of which Jeannie Bell is undeniably a beautiful woman but still she can't hold a candle to Tamara Dobson or Pam Grier. There's only one really good and memorable scene in "TNT Jackson" namely the famous hotel room battle where Bell entirely naked except for panties repeatedly switches the light on and off whilst kicking the hell out of some goons. Amusing scene ... I just haven't figured out yet whether it's thanks to the light switch ingenuity or Bell's perfectly shaped breasts.
critique8144 Imagine its say 12-1am - your at home your bored your not tired. This scenario occurred about say 4 or so years back..I turned on the TV and flicked over a few channels and found that this film was on. OH MY WORD this is the worst film I have ever seen! A runaway car that cant be stopped (cos the brakes have been cut or something) in caning it down the freeway - whats gonna happen?! This film was so bad its actually funny - I think the stunts cost about $2 to make there was one instance where a baby/small child is being winched from the car by a helicopter - in an attempt to excite the viewer - a conveniently placed bridge is nearing ahead...THIS IS THE BEST BAD BIT OF A FILM EVER - it shows the child narrowly missing the bridge but it looks so bad - you can almost see the make of the dummy that they used - total low budget classic! Cant remember the end of the film though but I bet it was GREAT<br /><br />I doubt they will ever show this film again so I'm glad I got to see this piece of trash!
critique8145 This is a movie with an excellent concept for a story but that got sidetracked but a large number of clichÃƒÂ©d sub-plots hackneyed and unrealistic portrayed characterizations and performances and some frankly implausible (and highly coincidental and not to mention convenient as plot points to move the story to its inexorable finish).<br /><br />The lack of anything that marked the lead as actually gay other than some coincidental references to Crow Bar or that he's gay was troubling. It wouldn't have hurt to actually show him do something even if it was just meet a friend for drinks.<br /><br />It's worth checking out and has it's merits. There isn't much even now a few years after the movie was released in the way of movies that feature both a lead that is gay or a significant gay plot line and that is also about African-Americans. For that it's worth checking out. I wouldn't look too hard for it and I wouldn't waste my time looking for it to own. This is a rental and not a premium rental at that.
critique8146 By rights there should never have been a "First Blood Part II". The original script for "First Blood" had John Rambo committing suicide at the end of the film but this was changed to allow him to live not because the producers wanted to make a sequel but because test audiences found the original ending too depressing. Nevertheless someone obviously thought that the character was too good to waste because he ended up as the hero of two more films in the eighties plus the recently released fourth instalment.<br /><br />The official title of this film was "Rambo: First Blood Part II" but it is more commonly known simply as "Rambo". It starts with the title character in jail where he is presumably expiating the crimes he committed in "First Blood" although this is never made too explicit. He is removed from prison by his former commanding officer Colonel Trautman for a secret mission. Rambo is to return to Vietnam to investigate reports that American POWs are still being held captive by the Communist regime. He is under strict instructions not to attempt to rescue any prisoners or to engage the enemy; his is to be simply a fact-finding mission.<br /><br />What Rambo does not realise is that he is being set up not by Trautman who is portrayed as brave honourable and incorruptible but by the organiser of the mission a military bureaucrat named Murdock. Murdock intends that the mission will prove that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam partly because that will improve relationships between the American and Vietnamese governments partly because it will make his own life easier. Unfortunately for Murdock Rambo discovers that not only are Americans still being held prisoner they are also being kept in hellish conditions. Of course he is far too much of a hero to leave them to their fate and tries to rescue them. The rest of the film is more or less one long battle between Rambo and a few allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and the evil commie soldiers and their Russian allies. Most of the evil commies of course end up dead although I was surprised to learn from your "trivia" section that the total death toll was as low as 67. At times it seemed as though Rambo was trying to wipe out the entire Vietnamese army.<br /><br />The tone of this film is very different from the first. In "First Blood" Rambo was unquestionably a criminal even though his responsibility for his crimes was lessened by severe provocation and by his mental instability. In "Rambo" he is a bona fide all-American hero. A few years earlier the director George Pan Cosmatos had made "The Cassandra Crossing" a biased piece of left-wing anti-American propaganda. Cosmatos however was nothing if not versatile and "Rambo" proves that he could also turn his hand to biased right-wing pro-American propaganda. The one thing the two films have in common is that both are laughably bad.<br /><br />"First Blood" had its faults but it also had its virtues. Its stance that the anti-war movement was partly to blame for the problems faced by Vietnam vets in readjusting to civilian life was a controversial one but at least the film was trying to make a statement about war social attitudes to war and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo" by contrast has very few virtues except that the action sequences are well enough done to please those who like that sort of thing. It is essentially a sort of jingoistic revenge fantasy for those Americans who were still sore about the Vietnam war. Rambo re-fights the war single-handed and this time the right side wins. Take that Charlie Cong! <br /><br />By this point no doubt the film's admirers (and there seem to be plenty- more than 2000 voters have already given it ten stars) will have concluded that I am a liberal commie-loving pinko. Far from it- in fact I have always despised Communism as a pernicious ideology. What I dislike about the film is not its politics but its lack of subtlety and its suggestion that the solution to all problems including ideological disputes is to go in with all guns blazing and to try and kill as many people as possible. It makes no attempt to understand the political complexities of South-East Asia or why not everyone in the region was pro-American. For all its anti-Communism the film is the sort of moronic sledgehammer propaganda that the Communists were very good at churning out themselves- except that they attributed all the world's problems to Capitalism or Imperialism or Revisionism or whatever other ism they had taken a dislike to. Compared to "Rambo" "The Green Berets" was a masterly piece of political analysis. 3/10
critique8147 Vicente Aranda has made a terrible historical movie. It shows the poor resources of the spanish cinema. In the movie an irreal script shows Juana just as a ninphomaniac faced to Felipe worried only for sex...but sex with others not with her. The technical mistakes begin with the wedding ring that shows Isabel of Castilla -Nobody noticed that?-. Then the voice in off seems as a documentary actors and actress in the movie sometimes laughs -take a look to the sequence when Juana arrives to the council which want to keep her isolated-; the castles are almost broken when in the age of the movie they have been recently built crowds are just "four" people lights are bad placed...Compared with Amelie Poulain the french movie for the oscars...it has no sense to speak about a bad movie like Juana la loca.
critique8148 Film critics of the world I apologize. It is your job to give advice to the moviegoing public so that they can wisely choose what to spend money on. But I ignored your advice and I have been deeply hurt. However my decision to see "The Cat in the Hat" wasn't made haphazardly. You see three years ago all of you critics said that we should all avoid the "calamity" known as "How the Grinch Stole Christmas". Then some friends of mine took me to see it and it turned out to be a colorful funny and almost hypnotic yuletide treat. So when the critics unleashed their fury against "The Cat in the Hat" another big budget Seuss update with a big name star in the title role I thought that it must be the same old song. How wrong I was.<br /><br />For five whole minutes I thought I was in the clear. The opening credits are clever the kids are charming and the production values are top notch. Then the cat showed up. There are many problems from this point on but the biggest one was the woeful miscasting of Mike Myers. Where "The Grinch" was saved by the inspired casting of Jim Carrey "The Cat" was destroyed by Myers. He can be very funny when his energies are applied where they belong comic sketches. Every movie he's made that was truly funny was really just a feature length comedy sketch from "Wayne's World" to "Austin Powers". So he tries to do the same thing here it's just that these comedy sketches are more like the stuff that they stick at the end of SNL not funny just painful. Not that the writers helped him out any. After the charming prologue the movie turns into an hour of repulsive bodily humor gags poorly timed pratfalls and insultingly stunted attempts at hip humor. This movie was the most disheartening cinematic experience I have ever had. Period. So much talent and work went into something so vile. I know that the adult stars of this movie will be relatively unscathed by this mess I just hope that the wonderful Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning will get more chances to show their charms in far better movies. If you are a parent please avoid this like the plague. With movies like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" currently in theaters you have far better choices.
critique8149 There have been more interesting polish documentaries on worm farming in brail_!! The competition (worm farming) had a better plot and more interesting characters. I was physically ill after watching this movie. The cheating husband (i think dougray_scott_) was a joke in every meaning of the word. Poor Jennifer must really need the work and what was with the accent!!. The locations and random meetings reminded me of a high school prank and showed the humility of a 10 year old in cooking class. It was that bad that I think I will write the sequel named "this is not a laxitive". Thank you for listening it was a great weight of my conscious.
critique8150 I'm usually not inclined to write reviews about films I don't think deserve a mention. But in the quest to grow as a writer and film critic I feel it is important to express my thoughts when I DON'T like a film. "Queen of the Damned" is one of those films.<br /><br />Anne Rice's popular horror stories of Lestat a bisexual Vampire first took to the screen in 1994 in the successful "An Interview With A Vampire". Starring two of Hollywood's biggest heavyweights in Tom Cruise and Brad Pitt the film's stylish aesthetic and gothic mise en scene captured the audience. While it may have been a case of style way over substance there was something about it that worked despite its chessiness (I have never been that enamoured with the Vampire genre in general).<br /><br />Since that time Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise have gone on to much bigger things. It's likely both would have roared with laughter when asked to appear in a sequel. They would have been laughing even harder when they saw the final outcome. "Queen of the Damned" typifies the type of cr*p Hollywood is content to put out at a low cost with the hope of earning a quick buck thanks to an average soundtrack and big marketing campaign aimed at 13 to 17 year olds.<br /><br />Needless to say this film is terrible from the start. Lestat now played by Brit Stuart Townsend of "Shooting Fish" fame awakens from his dark grave to the sound of... you guessed it Nu-Metal. He freaks out some confused punkish musicians and joins their band under the proviso that he only appear at night what with the sun burning his skin and all during the day...<br /><br />Jesse (Marguerite Moreau) a student studying the paranormal (Vampire Studies 101 perhaps?) tries to find out if Lestat really is who he says he is. Along the way she falls for him (something to do with her odd past) but has a little competition in Queen Akasha (Aaliyah) a Vampire demon queen who is returning from the underworld to acquire Lestat as her chosen King.<br /><br />The film is shamefully self-indulgant yet its campy tone leaves some room for its depreciating humour. Anybody who sees this film for anything but a good laugh needs to see more films in general! Watching Townsend is enjoyable. He knows the role is utterly over the top and does his best to walk the tightrope between utter hamming and serious acting. The late Aaliyah is unfortunately terrible in the title role. She has minimal screentime and what she does have she does not use to the fullest. The poor makeup and special effects do not help; at times she sounds like she's talking through a voicebox.<br /><br />It is rumoured that this film was heading straight to video until Aaliyah's untimely death last year. With the possibility for people to see her final film Warner Bros put this out to a general release. Otherwise this would have been one of those movies you see on the shelf at video shops but avoid because you can tell it is going to be simply terrible.<br /><br />No doubt films like this will continue to be made. Look at the spate of teen rom-com rip offs around or the spoofing of that genre itself with films like "Not Another Teen Movie". If there is a market to exploit Hollywood will do so.<br /><br />The biggest issue I have with this film is not the film itself. Hollywood is about making money so if there is a market for this film then they will pursue it. That's business. But what concerns me the most is that people will actively go out to the cinema and pay money to watch it! I guess that's the biggest argument in the world of cinema: is film art first and entertainment second or is it the other way around? The only people who can decide that is the audience. If you like and are intrigued by good films stay clear of this turkey.
critique8151 Typical Troma-trash this smutty 80's flick is considered one of the "highlights" of Lloyd Kaufman's notorious production studio alongside "The Toxic Avenger" released one year earlier. "The Toxic Avenger" is far superior if you ask me but this demented splatter-flick is nevertheless endurable as well; just make sure you leave your full brain capacity at the door. The events take place in Tromaville a little town that proudly claims to be the toxic chemical capital of the world and they certainly aren't lying. The safety precautions in the local nuclear power plant are substandard to say the least (even Homer Simpson never was this nonchalant) and toxic waste seeps through to the nearby high school. The first intoxicated victim is the stereotypical nerd who starts spurting green stuff out of all his body cavities but his death is believed to be an accident because he had no less than TWO microwave ovens in his house! Oh the humanity! Shortly after however the nuclear leaks also affect the school's weed plantation and thing really start to get messy. After smoking a joint at a party the cutest couple in school produce a gigantic worm monster that settles in the basement and feeds on teenage scum. "Class of Nuke 'em High" is bottom-of-the-barrel horror film-making with dialogs so dumb they hurt your ears and make-up effects that give a whole new meaning to the word tasteless. If you enjoy watching faces melting away getting crushed or splitting in half this is definitely a must-see! Unlike the aforementioned "The Toxic Avenger" this film suffers from a couple of really dull and overlong moments where nothing really significant happens like for example when Chrissy and Warren try to figure out what's wrong with their hormones. The crude humor isn't as effective as in "Toxic Avenger" and the acting performances are unforgivably amateurish. Proceed only if you're an avid Troma-fanatic.
critique8152 - A newlywed couple move into the home of the husband's dead former wife. It's not long before the new wife begins to have the feeling that someone doesn't want her in the house. She sees skulls all around the house. But when the husband investigates he can't find anything. Is someone trying to drive her back to the asylum that she was recently discharged from? Or is the ghost of the dead wife trying to get the new wife out of her house? <br /><br />- This is the first time that I've watched The Screaming Skull without the assistance of the MST3K crew. And it will in all likelihood be the last time I watch it this way. Can you say dull? I'm not talking ordinary dull - I'm talking watching grass grow dull. There are great stretches of the movie where nothing happens. The screen could have gone blank and I would have gotten as much entertainment out of it. The characters drone on and on with the most monotonous conversations imaginable. The Screaming Skull could probably be marketed as a sleep aide.<br /><br />- The actors don't help matters much. Most of them deliver lines with the conviction normally reserved for a grade school play. I haven't looked it up but I would be shocked to find that anyone associated with this movie ever appeared in anything of cinematic value. I won't even go into the script the actors are given to work with. Let's just say that the characters are given some of the most idiotic lines ever uttered on film.<br /><br />- You've been warned! Either avoid this one at all costs or at least seek out the MST3K version.
critique8153 ****SPOILER ALERT**** My boyfriend some friends and I rented this movie as part of a marathon of really bad movies. We sort of knew what we were getting into. But the lack of plot direction and special effects actually left us hoping for a great (or passable) fight scene between the two main characters... the badly rendered swimming cobra and the super violent giant komodo (that ate people like scooping ice cream)... we sort of get this in the end but had to be cut short due to possibly budget or time constraints? Its one redeeming quality is that its laughably bad with many salient details pointed out by other readers. I recommend this movie if your into cutting onions to make yourself cry.
critique8154 It is nice to see the likes of Oliver Stone Brian DePalma Al Pacino and even Michelle Pfiefer make one monumental piece of cinematic garbage. It is nice to see people so rich and 'successful' wasting their time on one of the most forgettable trite and pathetic pieces of film-making of all time. This movie represents the worst of Hollywood.<br /><br />What is this? Is it based on a true story. Well they do start with some basic news bites and facts that they read off USA today. But then the movie departs to some fantasy world and a 'cuban' refugee going to make it in the American drug subculture; kind of like Rocky on cocaine. Is it a movie about Cuba or Cubans? For the life of me I don't believe there is a single Cuban in this movie. The accents are totally fake and scene with Antonio's mother looks like a poster for midwest American values. The whole scene looks like something out of the Dick Van Dyke show. Is this movie about Miami? It looks more like L.A. transposed in Florida. Afterall a palm tree is a palm tree. Is this a romance novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the getgo and there is not one shred of possibility that these two characters could ever care for each other. Is this a drug movie? Well no issues of obsession or addiction are even mentioned. The behavior of the actors after a line of coke is nothing different than had they had a drink of water. Admittedly the acting is terrible.<br /><br />Let's get to the rest. The music is disgusting and sounds like latin elevator music or something out of a Lawrence Welk show. I think I heard a polka? The camera work is shoddy with too much movement and far more cranes than could ever be effective. Clearly the photography budget was excessive. The sound is bleached in a number of spots and the dialogue seems to be carried out in a warehouse. The writing is appalling. This is one of those movies were the script writes itself. You are dragged from one trite piece of dialogue to the next each pushing the plot like a sack of bricks.<br /><br />So I am going to ask Is this even a movie? It could be a drama series patched together for two and a half hours. But at least a drama series has some kind of focus. Maybe it is just a bunch of poorly acted scenes taped together. Whatever it is movie or not it is a piece of crap.
critique8155 This is not an entirely bad movie. The plot (new house built next door seems to be haunted) is not bad the mood is creepy enough and the acting is okay. The big problem I had is that being familiar with Lara Flynn Boyle (from Twin Peaks and other shows) I couldn't get over how different she looks with her apparently new big lips. I kept staring at them. They look so out of place on her face! They make her look completely different (and not better).<br /><br />Mark-Paul Gosselaar the actor who plays Kim the architect who designs and pours his heart and soul into the house does a fine job. And Lara (as Col) is also quite good (but those lips!) as the owner of the house next door. Her husband Walker (Colin Ferguson) is appropriately wooden. The various characters who live in the house were also fine. I particularly liked Pie (Charlotte Sullivan) and her husband Buddy (Stephen Amell) the first people to move into the house. The attempt to involve us in the overall neighborhood vibe fails unfortunately as the other neighbors are not particularly likable.<br /><br />For some reason the director was unable to make the "haunted" house particularly ominous. Other movies (such as Amityville Horror The Legend of Hell House) manage to achieve that spooky feel but it just doesn't happen here. The closest is when Col paints a depiction of the house.<br /><br />Another thing that didn't work for me is the plot twist that occurs with Kim the architect. Initially he appears to be a victim of the house like the others (it has sucked him dry of inspiration) but later he seems to have joined forces with it in evil.<br /><br />Overall not a bad movie for horror fans if you can take your eyes off those big lips!
critique8156 I checked this movie out when it still had 6 votes and it said like 7.2 or something but seriously this is a horrible movie. Lets break it down. The first thing you notice about this movie is that it was filmed on a hand-held digital camera owned by a freshman at a community college. the next thing you'll notice is that the actors are all friends of said freshman (he probably met them at the pub the night before. Third on the list you will notice that the musical editing is horrible and they try to cram many songs into this movie at 30 second intervals... also all digital editing is done on said freshman's home PC... probably using windows movie maker. This movie was horrible... pretentious had an undeniably bad script and acting that followed suit. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone I know but I do sentence the writer and director to watch this movie in hell for an eternity.
critique8157 As other posters have commented this was a very very bad movie (keeping it kid friendly) FX was low class they should of spent the $1 on a coke. As is typical with these D movies most victims die and leave a mystery except for one lucky soul and of course the lead. Hope the money was worth it for Boxleitner really really big step down from Babylon 5. Nice to see what happened to Buck Rogers but damn this was low even for him. ' It was so bad and on the older actors you could even seem to tell that they thought it was bad also. Don't Watch.<br /><br />*****Warning Spoiler Below****<br /><br />This thing chased down everyone it was after and yet Boxlietner got away... that was pure BS. And the ending? How in the hell did the kids end up right there with him? That was just too much stupidity.
critique8158 But even caricatures need a plausible plot line. I suppose in 1934 some part of that audience long ago would enjoy this tepid farce. It doesn't age well. It does give Nat Pendelton and Zasu Pitts experienced and expert support players a shot at leading roles. Pendelton who is featured prominently in the Thin Man series tries his best but is over matched by witless plot. With the backdrop being a stage play with gangsters its not exactly original material. Movie's saving grace is the always excellent Edward Everett Horton in a wasted performance. But don't waste your time watching Everett in this film. I would encourage anyone to watch him in his effort in Holiday with Cary Grant and Katherine Hepburn. Same era 1936 but much better script and storyline. Better gags and needless to say star power as well.
critique8159 Having been forced by my children to watch this at least 10 times for each of the last 2 Christmases I feel adequately qualified to pass judgment on this version of Dr. Seuss' classic tale and well... it's not very good. First off following a classic act like Chuck Jones' animated TV special is going to be difficult for anyone but this interpretation is so heavy-handed and padded as to be positively numbing. I will concede that there are a handful of inspired gags but overall the film comes off as a calculated cash grab at the same time as it is supposedly decrying the commercialisation of Christmas. Jim Carrey is typically over the top here but that is completely at odds with the character of the Grinch. As characterised by Boris Karloff he was a slow burn; methodical and sly. There is no method to Carrey's madness and that is only the most obvious error made. Talented actors like Jeffrey Tambor and Christine Baranski are utterly wasted here. Why Universal why? I mean  I understand that Tony Hopkins will take just about any role offered (much like his countryman Michael Caine) but this one needs to be filed under "Films that should never have been made." This does not bode well for the Cat in the Hat an even thinner tome that Universal is prepping for this Christmas. I get the feeling that I will be making the same recommendation for that one as I am with this one: skip it and either read the book or watch the TV special. This is 2 hours you can never ever get back.
critique8160 Probably one of the worst movies ever made I'm still trying to figure if it was meant to be fun but for sure I had no fun at all. Maybe the movie lost something during the english-italian translation dunno for sure I miss the guts to watch it again in original version.<br /><br />My rate for it 2/10 and I feel like I'm being pretty generous (let's say 1 point is for Liv cause she's a nice babe and the other point is for those decent actors that got trapped into a worthless useless and pathetic movie)<br /><br />Take Care<br /><br />Alex
critique8161 What a nasty cynical film. Apparently this sad excuse for a dramatic urban look at what 20 year olds do whilst crawling through the gutter of Sydney nightlife is supposed to be somehow connecting with its target market. Made by some Industry nobody and pals who seemingly thought they could cobble together any sleazy behavior with a young cast and pour it into multiplexes SAMPLE PEOPLE deservedly failed miserably at the Australian box office. It is so offensive in its clichÃƒÂ©d depictions of obvious and easy targets it was fully rejected by the very audience it was intended. Shoddy and cruel and with no attempt to offer quality or resonance to the young audience who might have been attracted by the marketing or casting SAMPLE PEOPLE might have been interesting or even informative if not botched by its exploitive view of 'what teens want to see in a movie'. The character played by Ben Mendelsohn is particularly offensive and Kylie Minogue is again wasted by poor material and untalented film makers. It is as if the producers thought teens would watch any ugly trash and just slung-together scenes and characters who were shallow and soul less. Well the were very wrong. A mini budget film made in 1983 called GOING DOWN got this topic right and is an excellent antidote to this poison.
critique8162 A typical Goth chick (Rainbow Harvest looking like a cross between Winona Ryder in Beetlejuice and Boy George) gets even with people she feels have wronged her with the help of an old haunted mirror that she finds in the new house she and her mom (horror mainstay Karen Black the only remotely good thing about this travesty) buy. The acting's pretty laughably bad (especially when Rainbow interacts with the aforementioned mirror) and there are no scares or suspense to be had. This film inexplicably spawned thus for 3 sequels each slightly more atrocious than the last. People looking for a similarly themed but far superior cinematic endeavor would be well advised to just search out the episode of "Friday the 13th: the Series" where a geeky girl finds an old cursed compact mirror. That packs more chills in it's scant 40 minutes than this whole franchise has provided across it's 4 films.<br /><br />My Grade: D <br /><br />Eye Candy: Charlie Spradling provides the obligatory T&A
critique8163 I've never been a huge fan of Almodovar but generally I've always found something to enjoy in his films. Unfortunately I had more trouble finding something to enjoy in Broken Embraces then I would normally think I would.<br /><br />I find the biggest failure in Broken Embraces to be the characters and the lack of depth they display. The film is essentially a love story one that is tragic and one that wants to involve the viewer in their stories. I found this problematic from the beginning.<br /><br />In the opening scene our 'hero' the director/screenwriter Mateo is having sex with a very attractive young woman whom he just met. His agent comes in as the woman bashfully leaves.<br /><br />In the opening scene our 'hero' the director/screenwriter Mateo is having sex with a very attractive young woman whom he just met. His agent comes in and rolls her eyes as the woman bashfully leaves. Mateo babbles something about needing to enjoy life as the only thing he has left. Having been blinded in a tragic car accident that also killed his 'true' love Lena played by Penelope Cruz the viewer might buy into to this notion except the rest of the film really never illustrates why Lena was the love of his life or any depth to his character or any other.<br /><br />Cruz plays Lena the mistress to an industrialist named Ernesto Martel. From the outset their union is rather a pathetic one as Martel clutches jealousy to Lena and Lena avoids uncertainty of being on her own by staying with the much older Martel. To skip ahead Martel finances a film for Mateo so he can keep tabs on the star of the film Lena. Naturally without any back story Lena and Mateo fall in love. And in Almodovar's world it really is that simple. Mateo in the opening scene has sex with a sexy young woman now Mateo falls in love with Lena later it's revealed he had a son with his agent after their love affair. Her son responds to this information with a laugh and an "Oh well." Again no depth no understanding for any of these characters it all just happens. From the beginning of the film to the end I got no depth of emotion from Mateo. He is flat and doesn't act much different from one scene to the next.<br /><br />The one scene I did enjoy was when film producer Martel is watching video footage his son recorded under the guise of doing a documentary of Mateo. There are nice a moment of Martel watching obsessively as a lip reading confirms his worst fears. Later Lena confronts Martel as he's watching the footage and speaks her part out loud matching the video footage of her lips as she talks. Some quite brilliant moments. Rather contrived but still really fascinating.<br /><br />Unfortunately for me the rest of the film left me rather bored. I couldn't care about these characters or their situations so no amount of cleverness on Almodovar's part can make up for this lack of depth. I think if you're a fan of his work you'll enjoy this movie but if you're like me in between then you'll find it lacking.
critique8164 This film makes about as much sense as an 'Ozzie & Harriet' or a 'Father Knows Best' episode. An old copy of Reader's Digest (circa 1962) would provide more insight into modern life or the relationship between a father and a daughter than this weird concoction.<br /><br />I was surprised with Diane Keaton. She appears to sleepwalk through the film. (Given the film's title I realize that hers was a supporting role but even Martin Short managed a distinct supporting character.)<br /><br />I can understand the attraction of an imaginary world created in a good romantic comedy. But this film is the prozac version of an imaginary world. I'm frightened to consider that anyone could enjoy it even as pure fantasy.
critique8165 A disappointing film.<br /><br />The story established our protagonist as Chrissy a 'young' rather sullen individual drifting not doing much. Actually she does very little to move the narrative along so it didn't surprise me to see the focus shifting on her relatives. It's a pity though Chrissy seem like interesting character.<br /><br />Story was predictable and at times felt quite formulated. So the question now is when are we going to see the Campions Jacksons and the Tamahori's breaking ground with compelling cinematically-told stories that will inspire rather than entertain for the toll of two hours?<br /><br />Technically a disgusting shot film.
critique8166 Vampires Vs. Zombies starts with the breaking news that the unidentified disease that is spreading across America leaves the sufferer with homicidal & cannibalistic tendencies... Travis Fontaine (C.S. Munro) & his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio as they drive along the isolated backwoods roads to try & escape the disease when Travis runs over a guy who I assume is meant to be a zombie. Slightly further down the road he stops to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) & her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson) who are waving at the side of the road at this point there is also a third teenage girl named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) sitting in the back of Julia's car bound & gagged. To me this situation would seem strange but Travis like the trooper he is takes it all in his stride & agrees to 'take' Carmilla off Julia's hands & well I don't know actually. So with a complete stranger Travis drives off leaving Julia & Tessa. Carmilla seems like a nice girl but she turns out to be a Vampire & she likes to bite people & turn them into Vampires oh & she's partial to a bit of lesbianism too. Travis Carmilla & Jenna continue to travel while some guy who calls himself The General (Peter Ruginis) who appears to be some sort of Vampire killer & probably has something to do with it all but the film is such a mess it doesn't really matter & I really don't know how to carry on this plot outline as my head hurts just thinking about it...<br /><br />Co-edited co-executive produced written & directed by the supremely untalented Vince D'Amato Vampires Vs. Zombies is one of the worst horror films ever & therefore one of the worst films ever period. The script by D'Amato was apparently based on a classic story entitled 'Carmilla' by Sheridan Le Fanu (he should sue) & is an absolute mess the holes in the plot & logic are so big you could drive a tank through them! What is the disease that turns people into zombies? Why is Carmilla a Vampire? Who is Julia to her? Who the hell is The General? What does he want? Where are Travis & Jenna going? How can Travis run a man over & yet not have the slightest bit of human emotion over it? What's with the mental ward at the end? There are also some confusing & unnecessary dream sequences just to annoy the viewer even more. There are just so many things wrong with this film the narrative doesn't make a blind bit of sense the concept is terrible & never really explained properly plus it's incredibly boring. I have not one positive thing to say about Vampire Vs. Zombies not one. Forget about any Vampires fighting Zombies because it just doesn't happen tell me again why is this film called Vampires Vs. Zombies?<br /><br />Director D'Amato has served up one of the most incompetent rubbishy badly made poorly thought out & excruciatingly painful viewing experiences ever made. Vampires Vs. Zombies really has no redeeming qualities at all there is not one single aspect that I can praise. The gore is really fake looking there are some blood splats which look like red water some really cheap staking effects & a half decent climax where the zombies feast on Carmilla's & Jenna's intestines this fairly gory scene is probably the best part of the whole wretched film but it only lasts for a couple of minutes & in no way makes up for the other turgid 85.<br /><br />The budget on Vampires Vs. Zombies must have been small in fact did it even have a budget because most of it is set on a road in a couple of cars. This is one of the most badly made horror films it's been my misfortune to watch the entire thing just sucks. The acting is predictably awful & I mean awful.<br /><br />There isn't much else left to say Vampires Vs. Zombies is easily one of the worst films ever made. The (V) next to the title on the IMDb's main page for Vampires Vs. Zoimbies indicates that it went straight to video well that's far too good for this pile of crap as it deserves to go straight on the nearest fire.
critique8167 Do these guys take have a computer kick out these same plots over and over again only the names places and faces are changed to prevent complete boredom. Hubby is handsome and rich but too busy to pay attention to his gorgeous wife. A situation she constantly tries to remedy. Her friend/neighbor has the same problem so they become interested in each others hubbies--the grass is always greener. Throw in a sexy scheming made who has designs on everybody and you get a lot of stripping and dipping and a salad bowl of an unintelligible plot.<br /><br />The quality of bodies is pretty high here although not much in the way of "contact" even simulated is shown. Good late night erotica if Jay Leno can't put you to sleep.
critique8168 I actually had quite high hopes going into this movie so I took what was given with a grain of salt and hoped for the best. About 1/3 of the way through the film I simply had to give up quite simply the movie is a mish-mash of stuff happening for no apparent reason and it's all disconnected. I love movies that make you think but this movie was just a bunch of ideas thrown together and never really connected.<br /><br />Don't think it's David Lynch-esquire as some would have you believe it is nowhere near that realm other than some trippy visuals. Saying it's artsy to disguise the fact there's no apparent plot or story is just a manner or justifying why you wasted the 1.5 hours in the film. The acting was good but that cannot save lack of story. I do agree with the one comment posted previously... "it's like being in some other person's head... while they're on drugs" in other words nothing makes sense.
critique8169 Geez as a Gay man who lives in NYC I can gratefully say that I have never seen the underbelly of Gay Culture that is portrayed in this film - and I am glad of it!!! Was this film broadcast on TV across the United States there would be a great anti-Gay backlash and I cannot say that I would blame them. The people in this film do not represent the average Gay American or even the average Trandgender American what they do represent is a sheer and utter nightmare. The inclusion of obviously underage characters is appalling and the obvious racist sentiments (anti-White) are blatant and unsettling - society cannot be blamed for people who have chosen drugs unemployment and rejection of education on the part of the film's "cast" - the actions of these people are not acts of desperation but rather a rejection of anything resembling personal ambition and a willingness to make something out of one's self.
critique8170 Hey! The Grudge 2! What up man? I have a friend I would like you to meet. The Grudge 2 meet Johnny's Worst of 2006 list. Johnny's Worst of 2006 list meet The Grudge 2.<br /><br />What's going on here? I was under the impression that this was supposed to be a sequel to The Grudge rather than a remake. If that's the case then why does it do nothing but rehash the original? This floater doesn't even feel like a movie. It's just a 90-minute soundtrack of the weird contortionist chick making that annoying croaking sound.<br /><br />A sound on which I'd recommend you not get me started. It was kind of creepy the first time I heard it but I've heard it about 12367 times since 2004 so it's pretty much run its course. And it's made even more annoying by the 20 people in the audience who thought it'd be funny to imitate the sound whenever there was a quiet spot in the movie. Sigh.<br /><br />Folks YOU'RE NOT FUNNY SO JUST SHUT UP! I promise you EVERY SINGLE TIME that a character was walking slowly through an empty room (which is approximately 97% of the movie) somebody in the audience would start it up "Uhhhhkkkkkkuuuuuhhhhhkkkkkk." Yes I know that's a horrible way to replicate the sound with letters but you get the gist. So then some dude in the audience would giggle and not to be outdone deliver his own rendition. I was very close to just walking through the audience and punching random people.<br /><br />I told you not to get me started.<br /><br />There's absolutely nothing about The Grudge 2 that I can recommend. There's not a single original scare or idea in the entire film. There's not one memorable acting performance. Are you a Sarah Michelle Gellar fan? Welp enjoy her two minutes of screen time and one line of dialogue. Are you an Amber Tamblyn fan? I hope you can deal with the fact that she's given nothing more to do than walk around looking like she's suffering from a pinched nerve. Can you believe the story (if you can call it that) is even worse than The Grudge's? <br /><br />At least the original was fairly creepy and boasted a few effective jump scenes. I didn't jump once during this lametrosity (yeah I made the word up deal with it). That's right. Not a single time. The "scares" are so manufactured and they are so blatantly telegraphed that there is absolutely no shock value once the "gotcha" moment arrives. Watching this movie is like playing a good game of chess - you're always four or five scenes ahead.<br /><br />There are also some weird scenes thrown in that make no sense whatsoever. One that immediately comes to mind is a scene where a girl drinks a gallon of milk and then begins to regurgitate it back into the jug. Huh? I say HUH?!?! The audience laughed. I shook my head and sighed. There was a lot of that during the movie. Laughing. Sighing. Head shaking. Falling asleep (I did twice).<br /><br />The movie even makes a 1/5th-hearted attempt at a plot "twist." Wow. It's so bad that I don't think we should even dignify it by labeling it a twist. Did they really think anybody would be surprised at the revelation of who was hiding under the hoodie? Please. It was as shocking as Elton John coming out of the closet.<br /><br />And of course the ending goes the whole non-closure "look we might have another sequel" route. As soon as the credits rolled the audience booed. My sentiments exactly. Had the audience paid money for this turd burger then things would have most likely gotten violent and I would've gladly led the charge.<br /><br />We learned from The Grudge that there's a Japanese belief that when someone dies in a powerful grip of rage then a curse is left behind. Much like a Ben Affleck movie it's a "stain" that forever becomes a part of the place where the death occurred. Well in The Grudge 2 we learn that when a horror movie covers its budget during its opening weekend then its sequel will be rushed out and more often than not it will be as bad as this and will leave a stain on any theater where the movie shows.<br /><br />THE GIST <br /><br />If you're a total wimp and never saw The Grudge then this might provide a few cheap scares. But I strongly recommend saving your money otherwise there's a good chance you'll be the one walking out of the theater with a grudge.
critique8171 A wasted effort. On the surface it's a typical disaster movie: we're involved in the lives of a few people who get caught up in the Big Event. However the script is so awful and there's so much explaining of the characters' background within the dialogue that we feel we're being treated like morons. Even Sesame Street didn't explain the origins of Mr Snuffleupagus or how Mr Hooper died: we can work it out. Someone thought that entering 'Enron' into the script would give it currency when discussing power companies. The acting is by and large bland with the exception of the older performers (Randy Quaid Brian Dennehy) and after the first hour I couldn't care less about who the storms took out.<br /><br />But maybe there are the special effects to watch. Sadly no. Even on a 20-year-old TV set I could see one tractor and trailer were computer-generatedÃ‚Â—badly. Maybe there are budgetary limitations so I can forgive that one. Footage of a plane trying to land looked pretty real but I kept telling myself I had seen that before. This site confirms it: it was from an earlier film Nowhere to Land.<br /><br />So in summary the only good bits are from another film and when you see the best action sequences compressed into a 30-second network promo it makes Category 6 look quite good. My advice: rely on your network to do some good 30-second clips watch them and save yourself two nights.
critique8172 Countless Historical & cultural mistakes 0/10<br /><br />(1) A Jewish guy named OMAR!!! Hahahaha (2) Brilliant detective was taking out by the least intelligent guy in the movie! (3) Jewish suicide bombers!! That was funny. (4) Hitler and his top guns went to watch a movie downtown Paris!!! With two guards at the door. !! shoot me. (5) Brad Pitt overacted and it was painful to watch him. (6) Mr. QT is re-writing history "Hitler was killed in a theatreÃ‚Â… really!" the funny thing about this is that people "and I mean stupid people" will actually believe this plot. <br /><br />And finally can any one tell me how this movie made it to the top 250 movies of all time!!! Shame shame shame still wondering how can anyone like this movie.
critique8173 Comes this heartwarming tale of hope. Hope that you'll never have to endure anything this awful again. *cough* Razzie award *cough*<br /><br />I disliked this movie because it was unfunny predictable and inane. While watching I felt like I was in a psychology experiment to determine how low movie standards could get before people complained. When I requested my money back at the end of the movie I was informed that because I watched the whole thing 'I wasn't entitled to reimbursement'. I was told by the assistant manager that several people had complained and gotten refunds already though.<br /><br />The movie summary is pretty basic. The midget thief steals a diamond and the poses as a baby to elude police. Underneath this clever outline however lies a repertoire of original fresh and hilarious skits. Or not.<br /><br />Ask yourself the following: Do you like to see people getting hit by pans? Do you like fart jokes? Do you like to see midgets posing as babies threatened with a thermometer in the anus? Do you like tired racial jokes? Do you think babies say 'goo goo goo goo goo gaa gaa'? Do you drool?<br /><br />If you answered 'yes' to any of the above then this movie is definitely for you. Although it has been billed in some places as 'The Worst Movie of the Decade' there is probably a movie or 2 that are worse...somewhere. I can't say for sure. I gave this movie 2 stars because we all know a review with only one star would indicate bias on the part of the reviewer and then the review wouldn't be taken seriously. <br /><br />This lowbrow comedy is intended for a less intelligent audience and I cannot in good conscience recommend it to anyone. Save your money for something funny.<br /><br />Respect
critique8174 This is a horrific re-make of the French movie Ma Vie en Rose (http://imdb.com/title/tt0119590/). The only scenario that I can imagine in which anyone (Sinise?! Bates?! Butler?! What WERE they thinking!?!) agreed to be associated with it is MacLaine seeing the original being rightly impressed and enlisting a friend (with no writing credits -- or talent! -- to his name) to translate the themes for American audiences -- whom they both agreed are stupid stupid stupid. Then she enlisted other friends to sign up and they did so as friends -- certainly not on the merits of this pathetically contrived everything-but-the-kitchen-sink script.<br /><br />I'm not a knee-jerk fan of French film but Ma Vie en Rose is a subtle thoughtful and thought provoking treatment of sensitive cultural issues. I would love to see it get wider exposure among English-speaking audiences -- and if that means an American re-make so be it. But puh-leeze! a little respect for the issues AND the intelligence of the audience -- and better direction for the actors who couldn't seem to decide if they were working for Tennessee Williams or Jerry Lewis!
critique8175 I've read some of the comments about this film and can only surmise that some people are easily entertained. This movie is nothing. It's so badly written directed and acted that it barely makes an impression. The characters speak in cliche-ridden dialogue and the situations are completely implausible. While that might make this campy and fun it doesn't because everything is so lifeless the film becomes dull. It's as if Lee Rose decided to write a drama about a woman struggling with her sexuality but then she either wasn't allowed by studio execs to give the story some true-to-life gusto or didn't have the cojones. This movie could go in the enyclopedia as the standard-issue bad Lifetime TV movie.
critique8176 I was an extra on this film in the part shot at the airport in the first 15 minutes or so; I was one of the fleeing (mostly Mexican) Bangladeshi refugees running across the runways at Ryan Field in Tucson. At one point standing around in our turbans as we waited for another shot one of my fellow extras turned to me asked me what the move was going to be about. I told him it was going to be a remake of Lost Horizons only as a musical. There was a long pause then he replied: "Man this movie is gonna suck". Pretty perceptive of him I thought. I had a good time and made a bit of money but even with some interesting personal memories attached to this movie I can't sit through the whole thing. <br /><br />If you ever saw the movie "The Swarm" you can pretty much get the idea. You get to see a lot of famous and talented people wasted on an an idea that on the face of it is just BAD. The idea seemed to be that if you throw enough money at a movie and hire enough big names then a good story and good writing aren't necessary. Just turn the big crank and out comes the product. It's just not worth watching.
critique8177 The only good thing about this unfunny dreck is that I didn't have to pay for it. I saw it for free at college. And if a college student can't find humor in something that was free it's hopeless.<br /><br />Stale acting and poor jokes cannot be masked by an excellent yet bewildering set design (that goes out of its way to market Volkswagon Beetles). I don't know what Michaels Myers was doing in this movie but I have never seen anything more depressing. This was nothing more than a blatant effort to capitalize on the previous success of the Grinch (which has its opponents but I enjoyed it very much). It's difficult not to sit through this failure and wonder what better projects were passed over to fund it.<br /><br />You want a funny Seuss adaptation? Go with the Grinch.
critique8178 Steven Seagal is back! Here with his third film released this year. Of course as a one time fan who has become increasingly disgruntled I can say it comes as no surprise that this is pretty lame. Firstly the film made headlines because of apparent problems in production due to Seagal. He would turn up late on set change the script crew etc and generally cause problems for the director Don E Faun Leroy (his lack of talent his trouble enough!). This also happens in their second collaboration the upcoming Mercenary which promises to be just as bad as this garbage. This also marks a big turning point in Seagal's career because this film is the first of his to really dig out the stock footage. There was a little in Ticker but this film takes the biscuit. They borrow bits from The Order (A Van Damme movie Seagals biggest rival in DTV movies!) No Code Of Conduct Undisputed and also an entire action sequence from the little known Peter Weller starring vehicle Top Of The World. Interestingly the car chase stolen from Weller's epic made almost 10 years ago and ironically probably cheaper than this garbage is actually by far the best action scene of the film. I was shocked enough when Dolph Lundgren had a brief stint in the stock action video world which thankfully he has escaped from. Seagal though is the leader of the DTV action market currently with Van Damme and Snipes his main rivals. Seagal still manages to sell movies and for the life of me I don't know how. Surely the fans must be getting bored of this awfulness longing for a return to the likes of Above The Law. The story here is totally lame. In fact the film has so many plot holes it doesn't bare thinking about. For example at the end of a film there's a little girl that Seagal apparently knows at an orphanage who he gives a necklace to. Why I don't know but we never see her at all in the rest of the movie or hear her mentioned. Seagal has a girlfriend in this movie who at the beginning of the film is with a psychic and she becomes haunted by visions which by the end of the film are never explained and mean nothing. The film is so ridiculously glued together by a series of meaningless pap that it becomes headache inducing.. This is by far Seagal's dumbest movie! Seagal himself is as wooden as ever however to his credit he doesn't get dubbed in this one as far as I could tell. Seagal does however feel the need to talk like he is a gangsta rapper making me long for the days he would don his Brooklyn/Italian-American accent in his classic early films. He also has a painfully unfunny double act with Treach who I assume is a rapper. It is funny how producers seem to think that the combo of Seagal plus hip-hop star seems to work because his team up with DMX in Exit Wounds was his most successful film since Under Siege. Clearly though if no one has heard of the rapper it won't work. This is an action film though and so the action itself must be judged. Unfortunately the action that didn't come form the NU Image back catalogue is strictly routine. There are a few small fight scenes with some classic Seagal aikido but when 90% is performed by his stunt double who really does have a rigorous work out in this film it really doesn't impress much. There are also some standard gun fights which really only have some nice violent and bloody squibbage going for them. All in all this is a painfully boring experience and once again I'm left giving the same verdict: Seagal has lost it! I keep asking the years old question now "why do people still watch his movies?" That is all very well and good as a question but the sad bastard that I am continues to watch his films in the deluded hope he may do something good once again. Chances are slim unlike Seagal's ever expanding waistline. *1/2
critique8179 Sure I like short cartoons but I didn't like this one. Naturally kids would love it. But then again I'm not a kid anymore (although I still consider myself young).<br /><br />I will not tell you anything about the story for the simple reason there is no story. How is it possible this dragon of a cartoon was nominated for an Oscar?! Well... I guess it's because people in the 30's were more happy with not much than now. In the present where we live everything must happen fast. Look at the movies nowadays and you will come to the same conclusion: we live in a society that doesn't allow men to be slow. That's really a shame. I wish I lived in the 30's because it seems so peaceful. But every time has got its ups and downs I guess...<br /><br />To conclude: if you like music (and frogs) you'll have to see this cartoon. Otherwise don't spill your time on it.
critique8180 you will likely be sorely disappointed by this sequel that's not a sequel.AWIL is a classic.but this movie is about as far from being a classic as you can get.what a joke.special effects that aren't very specialhorrible dialoguenon acting.and a laughably ridiculous subplot quickly and unconvincingly(not to mention fleeting)tacked on with about a third of the movie left.did i mention the story is less then lame.there's no way this was supposed to be serious horror movieyet it's to stupid to be funny in any good way.the rating it currently has(4.8/10)is too generous if you ask me.my rating for An American Werewolf in Paris:a 3.5/10
critique8181 Why do the powers that be continue to cast Jennifer Lopez in unbelievable roles? She was excellent in Selena and pretty good in Money Train which both cast her in roles where she could basically be herself. However roles like this just draw the line. I could never see Lopez as an FBI agent (see Out of Sight for that unremarkable performance) but as a psychotherapist? Give me a break!<br /><br />Basically Lopez plays the aforementioned psychotherapist who is involved in virtual reality experiments in which she enters the minds of her patients in order to help them sort out their issues. When she enters the mind of a comatose serial killer to help save one of his victims she breaks all the rules to try and crack the insanity of his inner mind.<br /><br />Lopez's acting here is typically below average. I can't get over that high-pitched squeak of a voice she has. She's no Julia Roberts but yet she comes across on screen as though she believes herself to be on the same playing field. Well she's not even in the same stadium. Sure she is a very sexy lady; however that isn't going to carry a film and it certainly doesn't carry this one. With anybody else cast in her role for this film it would have been excellent especially if it was cast with someone who could lend more credibility to the character.<br /><br />Having said all that this film is visually stunning. The colors are fabulous and the story line isn't half bad in a B-movie kind of way. The audio here is superb as well. This movie gains some points for the fairly original storyline and major points for how it looks and sounds. Unfortunately the acting and poor casting bring it down a few notches.<br /><br />My Rating: 6/10
critique8182 Everything this film tried to do is done better - and superbly in "Run Lola Run". The Red Haired Hip Cutie the critical deadline(s) The Lover in jeopardy and the "Crime Pays-Sometimes" message. BUT unlike "Lola" it just isn't believable or well put together. It is a labored knock off that might have worked for me if I had seen it before "Lola" - but it pales in comparison. Yes! The Falling Beetle was nice! But that was about the only surprise in the film. Do yourself a favor and see the Real McCoy - (And the REAL hip Red Head!) - in Run Lola Run!
critique8183 This movie starts off promisingly enough but it gets a little to convoluted and caught up in its stylistic charm. The set designs costumes and music were wonderful- as close to perfect as one can get. But the more I got into the movie the more I felt like all this effort was for the director's entertainment not the audience. Although I loved looking at it except for a few brief musical scenes I can't say I enjoyed it. The director shows enormous imagination but if he had fun with this film he failed to share that with the audience or at least with me. I didn't get a sense of whimsy and I didn't get sucked into this universe.<br /><br />A big cause of this was (surprisingly) Zhang Ziyi. You can tell she's trying very hard but she seems to have been so miscast that she comes off almost amateurish. She's a capable actress but she has her limitations. I've noticed in her acting that she has yet to truly react to her fellow co-stars a flaw that creates a void of chemistry. The language barrier in this film seems to have only exacerbate matters. She and Odagiri act as if they're on separate planets. She's also not a very good singer which made me cringe every time she sang but thankfully there weren't too many scenes of that. Odagiri was OK but doesn't make much of an impression.<br /><br />I didn't even care for the characters separately. There really is a sore lack of characterization. The only reason to care about them seems to be that they're good-looking royalty. Without the compelling love story at the center of the film though it's hard to care what happens. The film also takes detours into minor scenes that added nothing to the story and was actually distracting. I had to rewind because after going into a subplot I couldn't remember what the heck they we're doing in the main storyline. There were also scenes where it was hard to tell what the action occurring was because it was so stylized.<br /><br />Mostly I'm just disappointed because I really like the concept behind this and there are a lot of things I do like. The music and dance choreography are really great.The supporting performances are uniformly excellent fantastic in both the acting aspect and the singing. It's just too bad the lead actors were so bland.
critique8184 Rather then long dance sequences and close ups of the characters which made the film drag on - the movie would have been better served explaining the story and motivations of the characters.<br /><br />The marginalisation of Nubo the minister auntie mother - and the dumbing down of the dynamic and IMPORTANT rivalry between hatsumo and mameha and hatsumo and sayuri made the movie lack any real depth. If you hadn't read the book you would not really understand why Sayuri loved the Chairman and why Mameha became her mentor at all.<br /><br />Visually the film was stunning - and the actors all did the best with the C rate script they were given but that was all that was good about this movie.
critique8185 Claustrophobic camera angles that do not help the movie: Too long face only shots where you most of the time get the feeling that the lower half of the film is missing (that the screen is cut off) because there seems to be important actions going on but you cannot see them. There is anyway already too much confusion in the movie so these viewing angles make it worse and do not contribute to artful visuals. <br /><br />I like artfully made movies and unconventional camera work. I can handle deep and slow movies. But this one is trying too hard to be something artful and fails in my opinion painfully.<br /><br />Nothing to get attached to to any of the characters because they are not worked out well enough. To work out characters more is needed than just minute long face shots at least with this set of script+director+actors.<br /><br />I wonder whether some of the not so good acting is due to the script and director or due to the actors. <br /><br />I will stay away from films both written and directed by Le You for sure in the future. <br /><br />What an annoying film even for someone who would be interested in that part of history and for someone who spent time in Shanghai.
critique8186 'Leatherheads' tries so hard. Tries to be light hearted. Tries to be a comedy. Tries to be a love affair. Let's see it tries to be a 'His Girl Friday' by way of 'The Sting' by way of 'It Happened One Night' by way of a dozen sports movies. Alas trying isn't doing and the movie is as soggy as the last game's field.<br /><br />A fan of movies would watch the big fight scene in the speakeasy between the Duluth Bulldogs and some soldiers and realize that the fights that John Ford staged with such style and verve and humor in movies like 'The Quiet Man' or 'Donovan's Reef' or 'The Searchers' may have seemed easy to do but obviously aren't. I would bet George Clooney thought channeling John Ford would be easy as well. How hard could it be: masculinity run amok punches bottles broken over heads an imperturbable piano player...just put it up there on the screen with some happening music. Sorry. It takes a master to make fight scenes flow.<br /><br />Movies aren't wished into existence. Humor is hard. Romance is hard. Slapstick a lost art.<br /><br />I once read that you never wanted to sit too close to a ballet performance. Something about not wanting to prick the fantastic bubble of the performance by hearing the thuds of the dancers' feet or the grunts of the lifts. This movie is like that...all strain and good intentions handsome actors nice sets but it thuds through its paces rather than gallops like the original Galloping Ghost Red Grange who the movie is loosely based on.
critique8187 This episode had potential. The basic premise of a woman living next door to an empty apartment (but a phone that constantly rings) is somewhat interesting. And when she explores the noise there is genuine tension and fear. But stupid script writing ruins any promise the episode had.<br /><br />First of all the woman readily admits to seeing things that would send most of us running in the other direction (e.g. "It's funny that the door slammed shut even though there is no wind;" "This door has serious damage to it that wasn't here a minute ago;" "The door opened by itself without me touching it;" etc.). Given these supernatural phenomena plus the fact that a woman committed suicide in the room wouldn't she take some precaution before entering it? Maybe she could investigate in the day time. Or maybe she could investigate the apartment with somebody else. Or maybe she could TURN ON THE LIGHTS!!! Also while in the haunted apartment she decides to make numerous phone calls to the operator and gets into an argument over who has the power to disconnect the phone and then they begin discussing the details of the suicide. JUST UNPLUG THE PHONE! The phone company doesn't need to be involved. Walk up to the phone and unplug it. Case closed.<br /><br />Finally showing the phone scamper across the floor like it's alive was just comical. If the director wanted the woman to get strangled by the phone card he could've done it in a way that didn't look cartoony. Brave Little Toaster anyone?
critique8188 I had high hopes for this film. I thought the premise interesting. I stuck through it even though I found the acting save Helena Bonham Carter unremarkable. I kept hoping my time spent would pay off but in the end I was left me wondering why they even bothered to make this thing. Maybe in George Orwell's version there is a message worth conveying. If this film accomplished anything it has inspired me to read Orwell's classic. I find it hard to believe his tale could be as disappointing as this adaption. If the film maker's message is "the mundane life is worth living" well then they've succeeded. I would recommend this film to no one; 101 minutes of my life wasted.
critique8189 G&M started a the odd couple downstairs in Man About the House and went on to amusing the nation in their own sitcom.<br /><br />What was the typical small-scale personal charm of the couples chemistry on the small screen G&M's transferral to the big screen was as appalling as genuis's Morcombe and Wise and countless fine TV shows.<br /><br />Unfunny. Unsatisfying and featuring an ill Yootha Joyce who died before the film was released.
critique8190 this film is terrible. The characters are completely unbelievable and wildly inconsistent. The plot is awful and some of the classroom scenes are cringe-worthy and make for uncomfortable viewing.<br /><br />In fact the quality of the script and characterisation would suggest that this film was written by high school students only the utter lack of credibility to the school environment would suggest that in fact the writers probably never went to high school. The acting in most cases was weak too although a lot of this was down to a poor script and plot i am not sure that any actors could have made this film watchable.<br /><br />having said that the sound track was OK and the cinematography was nice in places (although the editing was poor).
critique8191 I'm grateful for one thing and one thing only - that this woman will now be thousands of miles away on an entirely different continent!!! Yay!!! This programme summed up perfectly just how obsessed Victoria Beckham has become with whoring herself and her family out to the media in the name of self promotion and 'Brand f*cking Beckham'.<br /><br />A few years ago I used to really like 'Posh and Becks' I still very much admire David's talent but I have no respect for him anymore. How can you respect someone who has his wife's hand shoved up his backside working him like a puppet.<br /><br />It was clear the hand of Victoria was all over Beckham's premature departure from Manchester United and now the same thing has happened at Real Madrid. I hope Beckham can live with the fact that although he may be earning squillions of pounds - he's sold his soul for the American Buck and will end his days playing for a team who would struggle to gain promotion from Division One in England (no offence America - but at Baseball and Basketball you rule - football you don't!) <br /><br />Anyway - I digress. It's been years since I've seen such an over-the-top entirely false performance from 'Posh' - this being topped only during her cringe worthy red carpet performances following the Rebecca Loos 'debacle' when instead of throwing all the cr*p at David he deserved she desperately clung onto his arm trying to save the million pound money-spinner her marriage has become.<br /><br />This whole PR stunt was pathetic. Why can't she just go over there quietly support her husband through the biggest mistake of his professional career and keep her head down? When did she become so full of self importance that she feels the move to America should be shrouded by this huge fan fare? <br /><br />Incidentally I saw the David Beckham documentary last night. At least he has retained a sliver of grace and humility. Two things his wife could do with learning.<br /><br />One more thing Victoria - you complain about constantly being hounded by the paps. Little hint - stop tipping them off about your whereabouts you stupid woman.<br /><br />Good Luck America!!
critique8192 Here is another low quality movie from the "Disney" company. There is no more Disney spirit. The story is boring. All emotions are fake. It is not cute or moving. Disney company was at a time a sort of magic company which provided dreams for children. It is now all about making money. Shame on the people who exploit Disney name for their personal benefit. It is the fall of an empire. And by the way Pixar is NOT Disney !
critique8193 As a great admirer of Marlene Dietrich I had to (finally) watch this very very dull picture. It is Miss Dietrich's first color film and the world's most beautiful blond is a redhead! Bad start. The story is a tremendous bore involving a subject which itself bores bores me stiff: religious guilt. (Who needs it???) Suffice it to say perhaps that of all Dietrich's films (and I have seen most including "Pittsburgh") this is the only one where even her performance is barely worth watching. The color photography is OK (this is a very early Technicolor release) but to no purpose. Ridiculous casting: C. Aubrey Smith Basil Rathbone (enough said?). The only thing of any interest at all is John Carradine's outlandish caricature of a performance as "The Sand Diviner" who foretells all that will happen. The supposed "happy ending" is one of the most depressing ever conceived. Yet another example of David O. Selznick's highly inflated reputation (did he ever make a really good film? -- other than That One?) And for one final annoyance the soundtrack of the MGM DVD is a mess with volume levels seemingly randomized. Highly unrecommended.
critique8194 Don't kill me fans but I have something to say about this.<br /><br />Pros: Well the most mildly interesting season that I've watched out of all the seasons that are out there of Inuyasha just has tobe the Shichinintai arc. Unlike the rest of the seasons I personally think that this one has more of a real plot line and those mercenaries; good god they're such likable characters. Shame they were killed off. Of course I would write a 15 page essay one why I like the Shichinintai so much but that would be boring for some of you. So this series actually does have some likable characters. I'll miss Bankotsu... poor poor psycho little boy.<br /><br />Cons: Outside of Shichinintai arc the series was overall boring repetitive and some of the characters are extremely irritating. Kagome for example: She overreacts too much to my taste; she acts like Yuka from Elfen Lied. Inuyasha: He's a loud mouth dog demon with a huge sword. What's so unique about him? He has ADORABLE DOG EARS! Tch. Sesshomaru is all talk no action and very cocky. Naraku has just got to be the wimpiest villain that ever existed in the anime world. Miroku and Sango... they have some color but they just seem to stand on the sidelines too much. But what bugs me the most if the fact that they have absolutely no COMMON SENSE at all. Rumiko Takahashi has done a LOT better then this. I've seen it before.<br /><br />If you like series with a lot of action no annoying love triangle no over repetitiveness this is not for you then.
critique8195 As a rule I try to find as much in films as I possibly can to enjoy them. I made no exceptions with "Tart" doing my very best to appreciate it for what it was. But no effort no matter how great could possibly redeem this pitiful excuse for a movie.<br /><br />It failed for a number of reasons. Firstly the cinematography was directionless and ineffective. Secondly the script reached depths of 'poor' that took it well and truly beyond the 'so bad it's good' category. Thirdly the acting left mind-blowing amounts to be desired - it was appalling it really was. Anyone who saw Mischa Barton (seen here as the remarkably terrible Grace a character so poorly invented and realised that Ja Ja Binks doesn't seem so bad) as Devon in John Duigan's "Lawn Dogs" will wonder what went wrong between then and now. Perhaps had she been given a character worth bothering with and a modicum of direction she at least might have given this film ONE redeeming feature. Alas such was not the case. Finally the film seemed to have no point whatsoever expressing nothing achieving nothing. Really I wonder why Christina Wayne bothered.<br /><br />"Tart" made a feeble attempt to be something and failed. The result - a film sadly so bad that it's just very very bad. Don't bother - it really isn't worth it.
critique8196 this is seriously one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i love Japanese movies and i think another film by the same director electric dragon 80000 v is a masterpiece. i really wanted to like this movie - asano is a terrific actor and the storyline was immensely appealing. but i couldn't find anything entertaining about it.<br /><br />the movie takes forever for nothing to happen. and the effects the director used - like the constant percussion and the exorbitant use of slow motion - merely added to my growing annoyance at the fact that the plot was so mind-bogglingly slow and the actors were heinously overacting. a lot of the boredom was a result of extraneous additions that were completely unnecessary - like an hour spent on asano going around slicing buddha statues and proclaiming how he doesn't worship anything. this added nothing to the plot. a fellow Japanese film buff and i were both checking the time constantly. we couldn't believe this film was as terrible as it was. and the finale was awful. i thought the director would at least attempt to reward the viewer for managing to sit through this but sadly i was mistaken.
critique8197 The summary was promising but watching the movie was a huge disappointment. Nothing happens in this movie. Plot is linear and without surprise. Normal characters stay normal until end of the film weird characters stay weird until end of the film. There is even not a single tentative to foul the viewer into thinking that the bad guy is someone else than the most obvious candidate. On the positive side actors play quite well and there is a tiny bit of atmosphere in the movie but much too little to be any significant.<br /><br />People who vote 10 for this movie either didn't see it or are member of the movie production team ! 4 is well paid.
critique8198 I had to watch this in school. And to sum it up...<br /><br />Talentless actors talentless script and a talentless director.<br /><br />This movie is such a waste of your time. Don't even watch the movie. Don't bother. You will be so disappointed. My teacher said it was supposed to be good. How wrong she was. She even slept through it a little. The movie's actors were just bad. The best actor in there was the old man and that's not saying much. It's has horrible plot with awful characters. So unrealistic and I can honestly said it had no point. The script was unemotional and confusing. There was points in the movie when I furrowed my brows and said "What?". Also there were just too many loose ties and plot holes. It was just absolutely horrendous.
critique8199 I couldn't believe my eyes when I watched Nuremberg yesterday on Dutch television. It starts very slowly the backgrounds of the Nuremberg trials become clear step by step the Germans have a funny English accent but then suddenly in the last few minutes of the first part of the series the audience gets to see the most shocking horrific footage I have ever seen.<br /><br />It is important that people get to see such footage (although I absolutely don't agree with people stating that there is no minimum age at which children can be exposed to this kind of material) but in this film it was completely ridiculous. It was purely meant to improve the impact of an ordinary TV series. It was meant to shock the audience which is very cheap and unbelievably easy. In stead of trying to move us with well-done scenes inspiring dialogue or interesting viewpoint's the audience is being tortured with horrible images of skin-and-bones camp inmates. It doesn't show any respect for the victims of the holocaust.<br /><br />I'm very angry.
critique8200 I can't believe I even tried to watch this filth. As an avid B-Horror movie fan I was more than riveted at the prospect of this film by popular budget horror filmmaker Herschell Gordon Lewis. Unfortunately right from the opening of the film I could not for the life of me think of a worse movie than this. Well maybe Gigli but I firmly believe Dr. Gore (The Body Shop) is worse when I think about it. A horrible plot that moves incredibly slow the movie drags on with no real horror to speak of. However I will admit to the pure hilarity of a couple scenes when Dr. Gore is mesmorizing his soon-to-be victims. The camera zooms in on his overly large bulbous eyes while the whole time there is this purely putrid soundtrack to add to the amusement. I laughed for the better part of 10 minutes. After he erects his "miracle woman" the movie wastes away nearly 20 minutes just showing him and his "girlfriend" as he is teaching her to speak then they talk frolic among marigolds have picnics etc. Unfortunately there is only music playing during this whole fandango with no speech whatsoever. This portion of the movie will leave you wishing you had slit your wrists with the dull edge of a butter knife. I almost want to puke at the very thought of this movie. If you like movies that are bad watch this one.
critique8201 Wealthy horse ranchers in Buenos Aires have a long-standing no-trading policy with the Crawfords of Manhattan but what happens when the mustachioed Latin son falls for a certain Crawford with bright eyes blonde hair and some perky moves on the dance floor? 20th Century-Fox musical has a glossy veneer yet seems a bit tatty around the edges. It is very heavy on the frenetic gymnastic-like dancing exceedingly thin on story. Betty Grable (an eleventh hour replacement for Alice Faye) gives it a boost even though she's paired with leaden Don Ameche (in tan make-up and slick hair). Also good: Charlotte Greenwood as Betty's pithy aunt a limousine driver who's constantly asleep on the job and Carmen Miranda playing herself (who else?). The stock shots of Argentina far outclass the action filmed on the Fox backlot and some of the supporting performances are quite awful. By the time of the big horserace finale most viewers will have had enough. *1/2 from ****
critique8202 I'm sorry but this really does feel like a modern day Apollo 13 knock-off. Totally implausible (at least Armageddon FELT like a comic book! This felt like a bad High School film project) acting was about as clichÃƒÂ© as one can get and....landing a space shuttle on an LA freeway? Come on. Seriously. Jerry what were you thinking? And all the clichÃƒÂ©s: The pregnant astronaut's wife the nosy reporter who gets in everyone's way the stalwart manager with "Go Fever". And it's one thing to twist the laws of physics or politics or whatever to make an entertaining story but at least make it GOOD! Fact and science were totally butchered for this. The space shuttle doesn't have fuel tanks in it's wings and even if it did it couldn't steer by shifting fuel between them (and neither could a DC-10).<br /><br />If you like bad acting bad storytelling low realism and cheesy clichÃƒÂ©s this one can't be beat!
critique8203 I have absolutely no idea why I watched Ali G Indahouse except for the fact that Salon seemed to think a crime was committed by not nominating Sacha Baron Cohen for a Emmy for his work on Da Ali G Show. It is a sure bet that I will never watch that show as there was absolutely nothing funny about the movie. Comedy? Torture was more like it. It was just about the stupidest thing I every watched. I will admit that I was captivated by Rhona Mitra. I had not seen her in anything. She wasn't on The Practice during the time I was watching so I guess I will have to check out Boston Legal one of these evenings to see how she does in something that may be worth watching.
critique8204 Man I really find it hard to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball had anything to do with this mess. Having seen the first two episodes thus far I think I can safely say this show isn't going to be on my must see list. It's just got so many things working against it.<br /><br />None of the actors cast are particularly good. Anna Paquin as the lead character Sookie is just awful. I remember her being better in a lot of other things I've seen her in so maybe it's just the writing. She's not really much fun to look at either there are moments where to be honest she looks downright ugly. The actor who plays Bill is marginally better if only because his character is supposed to be sort of wooden and aloof. The other actors do their best but with the clichÃƒÂ© characters with difficult to perform accents they are given it's a tough job. Tara is an absolute misery to watch Rutina Wesley absolutely murders the accent. It's like nails on a chalkboard bad. Almost as awful is Nelsan Ellis it's difficult to understand what he's even saying sometimes. Both his character as well as Tara's also seem a bit racist to me. I don't know having a character say 'whycome' on an HBO show that isn't The Wire just seems a bit odd. Rounding out the cast so far are Sookie's doddering grandmother her sex addict brother and the only bit of genius casting I've seen in William Sanderson as the sheriff.<br /><br />The story seems to be meandering towards it's destination at this point with no real worry about keeping the viewer interested. The romance stuff is very Dark Shadow-sy. Although this show ups the camp factor from something like those old Dark Shadows episodes times about ten. At times it seemed so campy to me that I just have to assume it was intended to be. But unlike a show such as Buffy that pulled camp off masterfully this show does not. Out of place with the campiness is the extreme gore and graphic sex of the show. I'm not averse to either of these when they are done well as they have in many other HBO shows but here at least they prolonged rough sex scenes involving Jason Stackhouse seem a bit over the top and pointless.<br /><br />About the only nice thing I can really think to say about this mess is that I liked the opening title sequence. HBO has had a string of bad luck with their shows lately I hope they cancel this after the first season and try to get something better on the air.
critique8205 Big disappointment. CLASH BY NIGHT is much to talky and stagy and the dialog doesn't resonate as true coming from these characters. This is melodrama at its peak. The acting is truly over the top and very unreal. Only MARILYN MONROE and KEITH ANDES as supporting players give this film any zip. Wish they had more to do. I'm somebody who looks at details in films. Two big questions...1 Who is watching the baby the entire day when Stanwyck and Ryan are together and Douglas is working then breaking up a fight in a bar with is father? 2. When Stanwyck is packing to leave town why is she seen packing at her brothers place where she hasn't lived for at least two years? Also when everyone goes to the projection room at the Theatre who's taking care of the baby again? Such details really irritate me and cause me to give films much lower ratings. What were the writers directors and everyone else connected with the film thinking? Nuf' said.
critique8206 The words "Swedish" and "Action movie" do not mix. That becomes more and more obvious with every attempt made in the genre. This is yet another failed attempt.<br /><br />Lasse Brunell (Shanti Roney) works at a military air base with top secret computer systems. One day foreign criminals threaten to hurt his family if he doesn't do what they tell him. They want the secret equipment and will do anything to get it.<br /><br />This movie has it's ups and downs. And usually in Swedish action movies there are no "ups" just "downs". So i guess something in this movie showed some quality. To begin with the positive remarks i can mention that the movie is technically well made. The footage of planes and helicopters flying are well shot and look very nice. The acting is of very varying quality. Shanti Roney makes a decent performance while Maria Bonnevie is stiff and unnatural as usual (i wonder how long Swedish directors are going to keep using her even though she has the acting skills of a wooden plank?). Stefan Sauk is laughable as the "cool" special forces man who comes to the base to investigate.<br /><br />And what about the action scenes? Well as i said above the scenes of planes and helicopters flying are nice. But aside from that there is not much action to talk about. And that is a common problem with Swedish action films. There is just not enough action going on. Maybe it's a budget problem maybe it's film-making culture. I don't know but it negatively affects the experience. Because quite frankly the story and acting is not good enough for this movie to rely just on that.<br /><br />I rate this 4/10 for effort.
critique8207 By far the most important requirement for any film following confidence tricksters is that they must at least occasionally be able to pull one over on us as well as their dumb-witted marks the cops the mob and (ideally) each other. But this film NEVER pulls this off. Every scam can be seen coming a mile off (especially the biggen!) Neither are they very interesting intricate or sophisticated. Perhaps Mammet hoped to compensate for this with snappy dialogue and complex psychological relationships. If so he failed. The lines are alright but they're delivered in such a stilted unnatural stylised way that I thought perhaps some clever point was being made about us all acting all the time... but it wasn't. As for the psychological complexity the main character's a bit repressed and makes some ridiculously forced freudian slips about her father thinking she's a whore but she gets over it. I really liked the street scenes though. Looked just like an Edward Hopper painting.
critique8208 Not only does the film's author Steven Greenstreet obviously idolize Michael Moore but he also follows in his footsteps by using several of Moore's Propaganda film-making tactics. Moore has expertise in distracting the viewer from this focus though while Greenstreet is obviously less skilled here.<br /><br />Having been privy to all of the issues surrounding Moore's speech at UVSC I was disappointed to see that the major complaints of the community -- that Moore was being paid $40000 of the State of Utah 's educational funds to basically promote John Kerry's campaign and to advertise his own liberal movie -- were pushed to the background by Greenstreet while lesser issues were sensationalized.<br /><br />The marketing methods for this video have been equally biased and objectionable... promoting the film by claiming that "Mormon's tried to kill Moore". Not only is this preposterous but it defames a major religion that Greenstreet obviously has some personal issues with. I followed Moore's visit very closely and all of the major news agencies noted that Moore's visit came and went without any credible security problems or incidents in Utah.<br /><br />Greenstreet has banked on this film to jump-start his film-making career to the point that he has even dropped out of film school to help accelerate this. This seems to have been a severe miscalculation though since Moore's visits to roughly 60 other colleges and Universities across the country in 2004 diluted interest for this rather common event. Greenstreet's assumption that American audiences would be interested in this film due to the promoted religious and conservative angles doesn't seem to be well founded.<br /><br />Even the name of the film This Divided State is somewhat of a misnomer since Utah voted overwhelmingly for Bush's re-election and thus appears to be more politically unified than any other State. The division in the movie title seems more indicative of the gulf that exists in Greenstreet's ideological differences with his religion and State. If anything I find a humorous correlation between the religious angle of this supposed documentary and Woody Allen's hilarious contention in Sleeper (1973) that "I was beaten up by Quakers".
critique8209 Chan Wook Park is nothing if not inventive. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK is chock full of amusing little technical flourishes with some ingenious ideas sprinkled in between. Attempting to walk in the footsteps of the likes of Marc Caro and Jeunet (CITY OF LOST CHILDREN DELICATESSEN) Park embarks on a fanciful lighthearted tale which is a radical departure from his usual morbid fare. Hardly one to be faulted for his ambition or his vision it is genuinely unexpected then to see all Park's effort add up to so very little.<br /><br />I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK seems astonishingly to subtract from itself as it goes along with the the end result being a fraction of the sum of its parts. The premise is promising gags are copious and offbeat humour abounds but it all fails miserably to create any meaningful connection with the audience. The characters are cute and quirky and played with gusto by the cast but try as i might i could not bring myself to care for any.<br /><br />SYMPATHY FOR LADY VENGEANCE was a misstep indicating perhaps that Park was overindulging himself a little bit but it still managed to showcase some of the director's unique flare and in the wake of an impressive filmography was readily forgiven. None of the assured confidence that commanded JOINT SECURITY AREA or SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE is evident here. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK left me so utterly unengaged i caught myself instinctively fast forwarding from time to time (more regularly as the film progressed). I gave LADY a 5/10 and by that measure this probably deserves no more than a 3. For old time's sake i'll be generous: 4/10
critique8210 This film is so bad it simply defies reality. The filming is grade school material at best the acting is pathetic and the director should forever be banished from film making in any form. So bad it can't even be watched as comedy such something along the lines of Showgirls. The ONLY thing this DVD had going for it was the cover art. <br /><br />All I can write to those of you who haven't had the misfortune to witness this is to please do yourself a well deserved favor in advance and don't waste your time or your money on this piece of garbage. If you want to see a movie for the comedy aspects there are many other more worthy in such a realm than this trash.
critique8211 Sure this one isn't really a blockbuster nor does it target such a position. "Dieter" is the first name of a quite popular German musician who is either loved or hated for his kind of acting and thats exactly what this movie is about. It is based on the autobiography "Dieter Bohlen" wrote a few years ago but isn't meant to be accurate on that. The movie is filled with some sexual offensive content (at least for American standard) which is either amusing (not for the other "actors" of course) or dumb - it depends on your individual kind of humor or on you being a "Bohlen"-Fan or not. Technically speaking there isn't much to criticize. Speaking of me I find this movie to be an OK-movie.
critique8212 I expected a lot more out of this film. The preview looked interesting so I decided to check it out. Bottom line is that "The Adventures of Sebastian Cole" only had one decent thing: Adrian Grenier.<br /><br />I really like Grenier and found his performance to be very pleasing. The character is designed well but everything else sort of just drifts along through the duration of the movie. Clark Gregg is really good but I don't think that his character was explained too well. I mean there's not too much to explain; he wants to become a woman. Still something was missing. <br /><br />The obvious low budget of the film was nice to see. I enjoyed that the movie was filmed on just a script (a bad one at that) and just a few actors. It was a nice change.<br /><br />While the main idea of the film was actually okay it became disappointing to see a lot of scenes that had nothing to do with it just thrown in here and there. Like I said the script looked promising and I must say that I was interested where director Tod Williams was headed but it was basically a very slow movie with not too good of dialogue.<br /><br />"Sebastian" started to look good towards the end but again it fell right back down into a hole. The acting was mostly good the writing is in need of some work yet the budget of the film helped it out in the long run.<br /><br />I would recommend this to someone if they wanted to watch a quiet movie with a strong lead character but other than that I would stay away. Personally I wouldn't watch it twice.
critique8213 Okay now what the hell is this supposed to be? Is it a family fantasy movie to cash in further on the huge success of Spielberg's "Close Encounters of the Third Kind"? Or a throwback to the glorious days of prehistoric epics such as "When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth" and "The Lost World"? Perhaps it's an intellectual & philosophical masterpiece we all fail to comprehend? Yes that must be it! Whatever it is the creators of "The Day Time Ended" (good old John 'Bud' Cardos of "Kingdom of the Spiders" and writer David Schmoeller of "Tourist Trap") must have been sniffing quite a lot glue when they penned down the ideas for this demented hodgepodge of genres. The story doesn't make the slightest bit of sense and the narrative structure is incoherent as hell but hey who cares as long as it's got papier-mÃƒÂ¢chÃƒÂ© dinosaurs miniature spacecrafts headache-inducing light & laser shows and spontaneously combusting supernovas! The voice-over introduction is practically inaudible but no worries as it's all gibberish! Did you know that the definition of 'time' isn't what we all think it is? Time doesn't necessarily pass by chronologically it is one giant paradox! Words that were spoken thousands of years ago are still floating around now and even things that will happen in the future are already surrounding us. I have absolutely NO idea what all this means but apparently it provides an easy excuse to gather tap-dancing midget aliens and well-mannered dinosaurs on screen together. I deliberately say well-mannered dinosaurs because at a certain point one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks on the front door before menacing his targets. The crazy plot revolves on a family of weirdos living in their solar-powered house in the middle of nowhere. Grandpa is extremely annoying the granddaughter even more granny is a walking & talking advertisement billboard for plastic surgery the youngest son strangely resembles Prince Valiant and the young mother is Ã‚Â… incredibly hot! Chris Mitchum for some reason also pointless wanders around the filming sets as the hot mommy's husband on business travel. The special effects are purely cheesy and absolutely laughable (I sincerely hope that the other reviewer who talked about "excellent special effects" was being sarcastic) but the absolute most genius aspect here are the dialogs! Just read this wondrous example of extraordinary writing: <br /><br />Grandpa: "You know what this is don't you? This is a time-space warp!<br /><br />Stevie: "I'm not quite sure if I know what that means dad"<br /><br />Grandpa: "Well I guess nobody really does" <br /><br />Make up your mind gramps! Do you know what it is or don't you? And stop talking about "The Vortex" like you're some kind of expert in the field! "The Day Time Ended" is an incredibly childish and not-worth-bothering-for fantasy movie though I can totally understand that some of its fans cherish the film because they saw it at young age and became fascinated with the flamboyant effects. The ending completely comes out of nowhere like they suddenly ran out of money or like the effects of the mushrooms they were eating wore out unexpectedly.
critique8214 Great acting great production values good direction.<br /><br />But the script starts out with great pacing and interest in the first half and then falls apart in the second half. We're clear on character and motivation for the first half but then the second half leaves many questions unanswered.<br /><br />The conflicts raised are compelling but the follow-through is weak. For instance we're very clear that Rudyard Kipling is pro-war but we don't know if that philosophical stance changes through the course of the film.<br /><br />This is the sort of picture that makes me want to look up the facts in history books. I don't feel I can rely on the film to get a clear idea.<br /><br />The depiction of the war itself is heart-breakingly accurate though the women's lack of enthusiasm doesn't reflect the war hysteria that swept Britain at the time. Perhaps this is historically accurate; like so much in this film I simply don't know.
critique8215 Although it really isn't such a terribly movie (especially considering it was made directly for TV-distribution) it'll be very difficult to point out one aspect in "Bloodsuckers" that is actually original or refreshing. Vampires in space isn't exactly a new formula and even after so many movies dealing with these monsters in this particular setting still no one seems to realize it's an incredibly stupid premise that can't possibly result in a halfway decent horror movie. "Bloodsuckers" even goes one step further and shamelessly imitates every imaginable motion picture that either revolves on vampires and intergalactic warfare. The plot and characters are mainly stolen directly from John Carpenter's "Ghosts of Mars" and James Cameron's "Aliens" as a crew of futuristic vampire hunters are crusading through space and regularly holding to eliminate a mutated species that peculiarly named themselves after notorious horror icons like the Voorhees and the Leatherfaces. The good guys are a bunch of pathetic stereotypes constantly dealing with clichÃƒÂ©d issues and endlessly arguing about dreadfully unimportant matters. Captain Damian is the unpopular rookie who'll really have to prove his leadership capabilities now after being more or less responsible for the death of the previous (and far more loved) Captain Churchill. The other annoying characters include a typical cowboy-style and trigger happy macho pilot a tough female warrior with more balls than any of the males on board (she's of Asian descent like the girl in "Aliens" was Latino) and the army's most valuable secret weapon: a Blade-girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who chose the side of humans. She can spot enemies when they're still light-years away and she can also do wickedly sexy things with someone's wet dreams. They eventually all learn to work as a team when forced to face the ultimate vampire-meanie: Michael Ironside (in yet another downgrading role). "Bloodsuckers" is an irredeemably stupid film but it manages to entertain as long as it features gory killings infantile dialogs and OTT make-up effects. It only gets intolerably boring when the frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the umpteenth time and bla bla bla. This film is a non-stop series of lame clichÃƒÂ©s and uncreative ideas but at least it's watchable.
critique8216 I saw the original "Chorus Line" on Broadway God knows how many times and felt the passion despair and joy come from this live experience in the theater. Michael Bennett knew he would have to re-imagine "Chorus" for the screen but could never figure out how to do it. If the man who came up with the show is stumped - that should answer your question. There are some shows that are simply made to be seen live - with an audience. However Richard Attenborough fresh of the musical work of "Ghandi" and dancing with animals in "Doctor Doolittle" ended up directing this film which bore little to no resemblance to the stage show. Horrible songs were added (Surprise! Surprise!) great songs were dropped or given to other characters (which didn't make sense). Michael Douglas was mis-cast. People that couldn't dance tried to act and there was the sexy "Landers" woman who couldn't sing act or dance - I guess she had just finished being Ghandi's wife. The dances by Jeffrey Hornaday look like nothing more than schlock from "Flashdance" rejects and nothing works. I sat there stunned at how something so riveting and emotional could be drained to nothing. If you truly love this show and it is coming back to Broadway in 2006 - see it but don't think that the long running musical event that was "A Chorus Line" has any thing at all to do with this film.
critique8217 I have little to no interest in seeing another awful movie that totally lacks anything new creative or funny abusing the National Lampoon tag. How ever something caught my eye in the cast of this movie. I see Danielle Fishel's name i'm a big fan of boy meets world! But the movies shes in are awful. More so as a fan i'm not rewarded by seeing her terrible movies with the treasure of bare breast. So this is where my question comes in.<br /><br />Has anyone seen this movie? And if so Does Danielle Fishel get naked in it? Would save me the 2 hours of my life i would never get back watching this terrible movie. Thanks a lot
critique8218 I knew that 'Evening' was a girlie film so I was expecting to be bored. A wicked tease on IMDb had said that it was a 'chick flick' but that your companion would survive.<br /><br />Survive? Yes. I am still here but when the two of us came out we were amazed to find that it had only lasted two hours - it seemed a much longer evening than that! I suppose that for Yanks it is supposed to be elevating or fascinating because it is about rich people living on the beach - well next to the beach in a house with a wide verandah and a lawn but no apparent lawnmower. If that sort of thing impresses you it might seem quite a short film.<br /><br />There's a Monty Python film about a Knight who just won't die. He ends up a wriggling (why do Yanks add an third syllable to this word I wonder) torso in the road still shouting threats at his nemesis. This film is also about a sort of living dead. Vanessa Redgrave (inappropriate name for the grave dodger shown here) goes on and on dying whilst having inappropriate guilt. She's not worried about having been a wide-eyed breathless bimbo but imagines herself a murderess.<br /><br />Obviously being a girlie film there's a chap who is supposed to be the Mr Darcy/Heathcliff character. I'm not a woofter so I can't claim to be a good judge of such things but the tedious wimp who is wheeled out for this role seems only to have the title of servant in his favour. He's a bloodless cypher.<br /><br />As you might gather the main characters aren't much cop but the minor ones manage amazingly to be much worse. There's a fellow whose only job is to react to the news that his girlfriend is preggers. Fair enough but it isn't the role of Hamlet - why ham it up so badly? Forgetting that it was a girlie film I thought he was going to be thrown out because any decent girl-friend would have told him that face-fungus didn't flatter him but then I realised that she must have encouraged him to grow a 'beard' because he looked worse without it.<br /><br />I kept awake by noticing which actors and actresses had their earlobes attached or free and noting interesting bits of scenery - if you're dragged along to it see if you can spot the stuffed buffalo head just the sort of thing you'd expect in a beach cottage.<br /><br />Apart from the obligatory wedding there is only one piece of action. You'd have thought that they'd have got it right. Sadly though the hit and run accident is carried out by a car that couldn't be there. When the accident is discovered the cast wander about shouting for a character that they can't know is nearby (but we do as the audience). If they don't have any clue that the person is within a couple of miles of the place then why do they wander about aimlessly shouting for him? I suppose that the director's excuse is that it is supposed to be a half-remembered dream sequence...<br /><br />Another scenery item that caught my attention was a copper bottomed saucepan. I didn't think that the technology to do this was developed until the fifties.
critique8219 Computing . Can there be anything more boring ? Sitting in front of a computer all day typing away at some keys all day every day  tap tap tapping . That's much of the problem with this movie  the heroine sits in front of a computer VDU tapping the keys and no matter how many looks of agitation she gives  or how much suspenseful notes the composer strikes or how many extreme close ups the director uses there's not much excitement down to the fact that there's few things less exciting than watching somebody on a computer <br /><br />There's a few other problems too much of them factual errors regarding how computers work . Is it possible to hack into a computer that is both turned off and not connected to the internet ? I guess that when THE NET was made 10 years ago very few people would understand how computers worked so the screenwriters would have been able to BS at length but since we now live in a global village where nearly every household in the western world has their own computer the audience are certainly very clued up on the factual errors of this movie . And of course there's too many instances where someone acts stupid or out of character at crucial times in order to progress the plot which makes THE NET a very mediocre movie
critique8220 This is a silly spoof of private eye thrillers as a novelist(Michael Cain)is called upon to 'ghostwrite' an autobiography of a colorful waning Hollywood star(Mickey Rooney). At times silliness becomes obnoxious. This is not Cain at his best. Rooney is way over the top. Notable support from Lizabeth Scott Lionel Stander and the comely Nadia Cassini. Not easy to watch.
critique8221 This "film" attempts to follow the genre of low budget hand-held camera flicks that have proved to be very effective and successful.<br /><br />This one fails and HOW.<br /><br />It's amazing how many so called "awards" this piece of garbage has got plastered on the cover..... it makes you wonder what these critics were on when they actually submitted this....<br /><br />Words fail to describe just how absolutely appalling this movie really is. Seriously it's THAT BAD.<br /><br />I watched it in 20 minutes flat on almost continual fast forward.<br /><br />From rubbish lighting to dreadful directing grainy visuals to muffled sound and of course not forgetting the ABYSMAL acting this was one completely and utterly pathetic piece of so-called film making.<br /><br />It seriously has NO redeeming qualities - whatsoever. Save your cash and watch a decent low budget horror flick there are plenty out there - Dead End The Blair Witch REC to name but a few.<br /><br />AVOID this rubbish at all costs. DO NOT waste your money or time on this piece of trash pretending to be an actual film.<br /><br />Take heed of all the other comments! You've been warned!
critique8222 On the bright side it ended. That's the only thing this movie has going for it of course.<br /><br />This is the worst movie I have ever seen and I've seen some bad ones. This movie is actually so horrible I went and changed my rating for Children of the Living Dead to a 2 just for not being Raptor.<br /><br />Official one-liner rating: "Come with me to another movie if you want to live."
critique8223 How much longer are we to persist with this flawed belief that once a director produces great ground-breaking work all future work "can't be all that bad after all he made such-and-such".<br /><br />Mulholland Drive is a case in point and is in fact unmitigated rubbish. The performances are excellent particularly from Watts and Theroux but a good film they do not necessarily make. What Lynch has clearly forgotten is that just making a film unnecessarily wierd only works when it takes the audience by surprise. When the audience is expecting the film to not make sense then the film has to have some substance to keep the audience interested. Lynch succeeds in the first half of the film with the murder-mystery set up with lots of twists and red herrings and then ... plop! The story decends into a quagmire of bizarre halucinations and pointless segues. Methinks Lynch realised how muddled the film was becoming and threw in the lesbian and mastobatory scenes to the audience awake and to stop the male viewers from standing up and leaving.<br /><br />Watching the film at the preview I was surrounded by Lynchophiles who had no more idea of what was going on than I did but left the theatre commenting on the "layers and layers" of Lynch's film-making. Excuse me but these people are the same nitwits who stand in art galleries staring at canvasses that have been painted white commenting on the "courage of the artist at painting such a brave work".<br /><br />Films like these are made because (a) Lynch is trading on his previous work; and (b) because people convince themselves that unintelligeable film is art and therefore must be good. I queried a number of the Lynchophiles about what they ACTUALLY liked in the film and only response I recieved that wasn't a broad "layers" type of answer was that they liked it when the "chicks got their kit off".<br /><br />Nuff said.
critique8224 Bad movie for sure. It's such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of poor special effects a lot of hasty scenes (the airport one for example) and a real unfunny time. (Charles Dance) is awful as the evil guy and he is much better in (Last Action Hero). (Eddie Murphy) is doing a non-comic joking and I heard that this sunk had already succeed big time success??!! I'll never understand why or how ?! In one TV interview I've heard (Eddie Murphy) himself when he was nominated for an Oscar 2007 regretted it in a comic way !! <br /><br />One of the comments said (Hey...It's the 1980s !). Well no my friend. It's the cinematic foolishness which made a lot of RAZZIE movies all over the years whether it's the 1980s or the 1950s ! <br /><br />There are 2 reasons made me write about this movie. The first is that I'll never forget the long tan fascinating legs of (Charlotte Lewis) especially when she was on bed before the bad guys attack her house wearing just a blue shirt and OH BOY the camera was versifying about her naked legs as it should be. But how odd ! As I've watched her in following movies and she wasn't that beautiful again ?!! Anyhow the second reason is that I've found this movie's title lately at my list of the worst 100 movies ever!<br /><br />The bottom line: Bad movie Greeeeeat legs.
critique8225 I love these actors but they were wasted in this flick.<br /><br />I can only wonder what WERE they thinking agreeing to this crap???<br /><br />Debra Winger just phoned it in; Dennis Quaid and Arliss Howard were caricatures. Some people thought it was deep. Well if you liked "Breaking the Waves" you'll probably like this too. I hated both. 3/10
critique8226 This was one of the most boring "horror" movies that I have ever seen. A college kid has an epidemic of nightmares involving roaming spirits at Alcatraz. Trying to deliver a mix of "Nightmare on Elm Street" and standard vampire fare in the form of a bad 80s music video this movie is jammed full of bad acting and an exhaustively slow moving story. Although being such a bad and often laughable movie (dig those mullets and the terrible dialog) it would be good material to spoof on for an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000. Don't be fooled by the proud mention of the film being the 1987 winner of the Silver Scroll Award by the Academy of Sicence Fiction Fanatasy and Horror or that Devo contributes to the soundtrack or that Tony Basil has a part in the film. It is a giant disaster though one with a small cult following (see the other IMDb comments for this film).
critique8227 OK the box look interesting the opening have great music and its kinda original to that its all OK. But when the movie start...well its not my first videoville movie i watched Ghost Lake and its very similar of this movie except its ever worse here. The story at first sounded interesting but the whole movie look like a movie shot by a bunch of university student with specials effect that me laugh the blood look like a mix of red and white paint the fire effect on the demon face look like it was done with a program i could buy at my local computer shop. All the movie is shot in day(very great for a movie supposed to be horror) and there like no gore(1 scene only and it look so home-made and not credible) and near no blood(it can be considered a great thing considering the look of the blood show) and 1 demon for the whole movie. The story is going nowhere  it give you the impression that it never start there so much useless scene done only to give the movie the average duration time(when the demon search the guy in the dogs thing for about 4 minutes...) Way too much slow-mo things. Well lets just say this movie is a Z-series one and a very poor one. All cool idea lost themselves and you get a cheesy movie. It bored my all long and I'm not the guy who get bored very easily with horror movie man i even like house of the dead and alone in the dark from Uwe Boll and you probably know the name for being one of the worst director but here it look too much like some guys wanting to make a movie for fun. Plus for us french speaker(tough i understand English i prefer to watch movie in my native language) there the usual videoville bad translation. In normal movie you can barely see its not the actor speaking(you have to check on lips etc) here you just have to listen to it and you know it. Very cheesy
critique8228 I chose "Dead Creatures" because I thought it was a zombies movie just like "28 days" or so... but not at all. It isn't even a horror movie. Nothing happens except for a group of women that seem to have been infected by a strange virus that make her to eat human flesh in order to survive. <br /><br />That plot gives rise to a series of disgusting scenes of cannibalism...<br /><br />Very VERY BAD MOVIE.<br /><br />*My rate: 2/10<br /><br />------------------<br /><br />------------------
critique8229 Mansfield Park in its second half is my favorite of Austen's novels and Fanny Price my favorite of her heroines so I'm saddened by the unhappy fate she's suffered in her big- and small-screen representations. The only good reading of the character I've heard was done for radio by Amanda Root who gave it the same quality as she did the character Anne in the film of "Persuasion": a stern sure heartfelt moral centeredness. If the actress had been younger she would have been good visual casting as well; but the Fannys that have reached our eyes to date have more resembled respectively: Mary Crawford; Ruby the scullery girl; and (in this incarnation) a jovial serving wench or possibly tart with her high moral principles pulled down a peg.<br /><br />Well I had hoped for better but had feared worse. The serial had a solid Edmund in an actor who was best at likable saps and the perfect i.e. perfectly abominable Mrs. Norris; otherwise it was dullish. The film which was apparently intended as a deconstruction or some other bad theatrical idea came off as a mixed-up burlesque. After such disappointments and the more recent disappointments of this production's sister pieces (the new "Persuasion" and "Northanger Abbey") I couldn't help but have mixed expectations for this one; and on the whole it left me feeling slightly better disposed to it than not. It condensed the novel intelligently and in the end left me with much the same feeling as a comic-book version might. On the other hand to do so it had to rework most of the characters except the Crawfords and it incidentally diminished or eliminated most or all of the most memorable things in the book including its most famous character and what should be if it isn't its most famous scene.<br /><br />The character is the officious Aunt Norris always ready to direct other people in what to do but always managing to avoid having to do any of it herself; here one gets no sense of that at all. And with her goes much else: her remark that cuts through Fanny "...considering who and what you are"; Sir Thomas's discovery that she has forbidden Fanny a fire in her room all these years and his roundabout apology for her; Fanny's honesty in acknowledging during a visit home that Aunt Norris for all her faults could manage the household better than either of her sisters. But then that entire trip is missing from the story and so is most of what goes on at the theatrical rehearsals and most of what discomfits Sir Thomas on his return; and in fact Sir Thomas himself and his wife are different from what they were. Above all the scene in which Crawford proposes to Fanny one of Austen's most complex is simplified to a bare telling; missing from it is Fanny's staunch upholding of what she knows to be right and what she knows to be very probably true against all the distractions Crawford and anybody else can throw at her. To a male reader now no less than when it was written it reveals with unmatched clarity--unmatched at any rate as far as I know--what a woman goes through in trying to deal fairly but firmly with a man she has reason to distrust. It's a brilliant scene in the novel; on TV it's just a scene.<br /><br />And Fanny oh Fanny: when will we see your like?
critique8230 The title is from a passage in the Bible (Deut. 28:28). Let's just say it is taken horribly out of context - but nonetheless that is where the title of this agonizing movie originates. The other reviewers cover the plot details so I wont rehash. But the husband who is a psychiatrist delivers a lecture on "Inferior function" where he discusses how a person can meet another another person and they can experience a "cataclysmic crisis" in their lives where they cease to be masters of themselves and incapable of fair judgement. He is saying this at the podium at the exact moment as he lays eyes on Leonora Vail in the audience - the woman who will become his mistress. Not very subtle for showing that this is indeed what will happen to this poor man.<br /><br />I think the whole premise of the movie is implausible and just didn't work. Here is an over-the-hill psychiatrist and we are to believe this young beautiful woman falls for him and comes between the happiness he and his wife shared. What's even more implausible is how the betrayed wife responds when she learns of the infidelity. Not only is she understanding but she INSISTS her husband embark on a several month vacation with the tramp - "so we all can get a little relief from this unbearable stress". GIVE ME A BREAK!! I wanted to reach through the screen and throttle not just the adulterer but the dim-wit wife.<br /><br />The fact that the whole movie takes place as a flashback after already revealing the end of the movie at the beginning (the fact that the husband had a terrible accident) - it leaves no doubt as to the outcome of the sordid affair. I think this was a poor decision as it leaves absolutely no plot twists to look forward to as the whole movie is completely predictable. You already know the wife's resignation to the affair at the beginning of the film as she summons the mistress to the dying man's bedside and expresses no ill will towards her.<br /><br />Not only is the script defective but Noel Coward is horribly miscast (even though it is HIS screenplay). He and Leonora have absolutely no chemistry on screen whatsoever. Its interesting that Michael Redgrave was originally cast in that role but was replaced during filming. I wonder what that was about? In the end neither the husband or the wife cause you to feel any sympathy for either one of them. I do think Margaret Leighton played the part of strumpet quite well. But she couldn't possibly overcome all the negatives this film had. Also as is the case of many British Productions of this era the dialogue is hard to understand due to the clipped fast speech pattern of the actors. I saw it on TV and couldn't even rely on closed captioning to fill in the blanks for me.<br /><br />Don't waste your time on this one.
critique8231 The only good part about this film is the beautiful scenery. This movie was long and boring. The minister should have retired from the pulpit the time his son Paul strayed from the teachings he proclaimed. How many times can his boys take the Lord's name in vain in this film being from a Presbyterian background? It doesn't fit. I wished Paul was swept down the river without a boat at the very beginning to spare us the silly smirkish selfish story of Paul (Brad Pitt). So Norm becomes a teacher and Paul becomes a compulsive gambler who Norm wants to rescue but doesn't-so what. It's very uninteresting. We see the prejudiced whites being stood up to by Paul because of his native American girl. That was the only part that had some interest and maybe could have been developed into a real 'wild western'. What we only see is a sleepy town where the two minister's sons have nothing to do but 1. Norm chase a lame girlfriend and deal with her family and 2.Paul make up dumb stories at the newspaper shop while scratching his head and take a lot of swigs and tie a lot of flies. I'd rather watch a show about fishing that that film again-which will be never.
critique8232 Denzel is about the only thing that is right in this movie.<br /><br />Maybe once in an early stage this was a better movie. Someone decided to cut some action and plot points into the beginning of the movie giving away most of the story line in about the first 5 minutes. That and ruining whatever build up in pace and rhythm the movie might have had before.<br /><br />So first it confuses you and then it puts you off. The dramatization pushes beyond suspension of disbelieve.<br /><br />Of course there is that feeling of great injustice and anger that movies like this potentially manage to instill in viewers. Granted it does that so if you are looking for that ... knock yourself out.
critique8233 Yes The Southern Star features a pretty forgettable title tune sung by that heavy set crooner Matt Monro. It pretty much establishes the tone for this bloated and rather dull feature stunningly miscast with George Segal and Ursula Andress as an adventurous couple in search of a large diamond. Add in Harry Andrews (with a strange accent no less) chasing an ostrich tons of stock footage of wildlife and poorly composed and dull photography by Raoul Coutard and you end up with a thoroughly unexciting romp through the jungles of Senegal.
critique8234 Actually there was nothing funny about this monstrosity at all!! This movie was a complete abomination. The absurdities in this movie almost made me want to vomit!! I think that the people responsible for this movie took advantage of their viewing audience. They took a relatively decent series of movies (I did say decent NOT GOOD!!) and totally trashed it by trying to put money in their pockets. The making of Airplane! was a way for Hollywood to make up for this crappy flick. The worst part about it is that either nobody in 1979 realized the asinine events of the movie (such as Concorde's door popping off at some ungodly high altitude or Patroni shooting a flair gun out the window at Mach 2 to avoid a NUCLEAR WARHEAD!?!?!?....what were they thinking???)were totally unrealistic or they just didn't care! I think that it is the latter of the two. The writers and director of this "film" if you want to call it that really tried to suck the Airport dynasty dry with this crap!
critique8235 Gloria Victor and Dolores Reed in space girl costumes.<br /><br />I love 50 sci fi I even love cheesy 50s sci fi but this film is really really bad. And not in a MST3K kinda way.<br /><br />Virtually unwatchable as a couple of bozos do their best "hip cat" impression of Abott & Costello.<br /><br />Chessecake can usually save cheesy sci fi such as in "Cat Women On The Moon" but it can't in this case. This film requires a mute button and fast forward feature.<br /><br />That said I could watch Gloria and Dolores walk around the space ship for about an hour or so.
critique8236 This movie purports to show a middle class family's attempt to figure out what is "going down" in the America of the late 1960's. Their trip to a rock festival is as far as their refurbished old bus gets. Without exception the characters are superficial stereotypes.<br /><br />If you want to know which well-established Hollywood actors were desperate for a paycheck in those days.. just look at the credits. Sal Mineo I had forgotten just how badly his career had hit the skids! Thank God his career rebounded before his untimely death.<br /><br />The writers on this television turkey were clueless. Outside of doing weed their insights into the "hippie movement" were laughable.
critique8237 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique8238 I can't emphasize it enough do *NOT* get this movie for the kids.<br /><br />For that matter you'd best spare the adults from it as well.<br /><br />All right perhaps I'm overexaggerating a little. This isn't the worst kids' movie... no let me rephrase that. This isn't the worst movie made by dissilusioned adults FOR dissilusioned adults and somehow marketed towards kids (that would be "Jack" which I've been meaning to review / gut like a fish).<br /><br />Adults won't learn anything surprising (well if you must fast-forward to just before the end credits for a Educational Bit about an Interesting Cosmic Phenominon). We don't usually end up doing as adults what we wanted to do as kids as reality tends to get in the way. Well duh I could have told you that (so can four years of college at an art school but I degress).<br /><br />I have no idea what the heck kids could possibly get out of this movie. Most likely it will only upset them (we get to watch the moment when Russ was traumatized at eight years old). There's a better movie "Kiki's Delivery Service" that has essentially the same message but handles it litely instead of drilling it into your head. And the adults will like it too!<br /><br />By the way there is a moment in the movie made with amature MST3K-ers in mind if they think of that OTHER Bruce Willis movie with a sad little kid in it.
critique8239 Hollywood movie industry is the laziest one in the entire world. It only needs a single hit to flood theaters with the same old crap re-invented over and over again. Take superheroes for example for each X-Man and Spiderman there are Daredevil Elektra Ghost Rider and Hulk. Japanese horror remakes are even worst. It only took The Ring which was pitch-perfect (mostly because of Mr. Gore Verbinsky) to bring a ton of look-alike creepy-woman based horrors e.g. The Ring 2 The Eye Dark Water (which was fine but pointless) and the grudges.<br /><br />The first Grudge wasn't entirely bad. It was scary most of the way which is what one could expect from it. Plus the plot had some brains mixing narratives. Grudge 2 is exactly like the previous; this could be a good thing but hey what boy Men in Black II? Was it a nice thing to xerox the entire screenplay and just change the villain? For the Grudge 2 the critic goes the same way.<br /><br />Tired scares bad acting (except for Amber Tamblyn) and clichÃƒÂ©s all over the place. Three stories take place on different places and time. There is Aubrey (Tamblyn) investigating what drove her sister Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar) to death; Allison (Arielle Kebbel) who is taken by colleagues to visit the house where the incident depicted in the first movie took place; and finally an American family that witness strange stuff happening on the apartment next door. Glad to say (and I mean it) that everything is tied up at the end but one must not rely on the end to make a good picture when everything else is simply tiresome and dull.<br /><br />The chills are all over there a girl alone in the lockers someone who shouldn't enter a house others that dig too deep. Meanwhile ghosts keep killing and killing and killing which seems even more deadlier than ten world wars or the Ebola epidemic. Hey doesn't that seem just like another bad Japanese remake something called Pulse? Yeah day after day it's getting easier to hold a grudge... against Hollywood bullshits.
critique8240 The Last Station director Michael Hoffman's melodrama about the last months in the life of Leo Tolstoy begins with fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a compound at Yasnaya Polyana taking walks and writing and being seen to by his wife and the adherents to his "movement" people dedicated to his ideas of pacifism vegetarianism sexual abstinence and communal property who have gathered in a forest camp not far away. His wife Sophia (Helen Mirren) wars openly with the head of his movement Chertkov (Paul Giamatti) who she claims in his efforts to convince Tolstoy to sign the rights to his works over to the Russian people is trying to steal the wealth that is owed to her upon her husbands imminent death. Observing all of this is Tolstoy's new steward Bulgakov (James McAvoy) a naive adherent who is torn between his love of the man and concern for his wife.<br /><br />Hoffman's script which is based on the novel by Jay Parini quite often veers itself into confused territory building up a complex tangle of threads and opaque motivations that ultimately don't resolve themselves in any satisfying way. The scope of the film is grand and its story should reverberate just as Tolstoy whose beliefs foreshadowed in some ways both the Bolsheviks' and those of pacifists like Ghandi. It unfortunately doesn't it's un-unpickable building up with much gusto confrontations that are constantly ravelling off into nothingness. The three-way relationship between the Church the faithful Sophia and the unbelieving Tolstoy for example is referenced often. In the last section of the film a mute priest in a magnificent hat even shows up but the script never expands on this beyond awkwardly inserting it into the story as an attempt at enriching it or providing some semblance of historical accuracy. There are a ton of details in the film but not enough attention is paid to most of them and as a result the film feels cluttered overburdened energetic but unfortunately pointless.<br /><br />At its heart is the love story between Sophia and Tolstoy and that story as baffling and cramped as it is is the reason to watch the film. Mirren and Plummer are unsurprisingly the best things in the film. Plummer's Tolstoy is vague at once confused and resolute apprehensive and full of joy and certainty. Mirren's Sophia is in full panic in a righteous lather forced to watch and expected to be mute as her husband gives away his time his possessions and his money to people who are unquestionably devoted to him but also clearly in possession of their own agendas. They're great performances all the more so given the vast gulf between the real importance of the couple's place in history and the script's ability to support that both Sophia and Tolstoy seem willed into the film by Mirren and Plummer alone both making the best they can out of what meagre material is there. Giammati and McAvoy both talented actors are unable to do the same and Giamatti's Chertkov seems neither a revolutionary nor a thief (and not both at once either) but rather a cipher a stand-in for a whole package of unresolved anxieties and aborted historical impulses. The scope of this thing never boils down to anything it hitches along getting by on the strength of Plummer and Mirren and not much else. It's interesting and pretty but ultimately unrewarding. 4.5/10
critique8241 Good lord! This movie needs to have a new classification on its cover "watch only if you have absolutely nothing else to do!". I am disappointed. I was looking forward to a good horror movie over the weekend...needed an adrenalin rush and that awesome tingling sensation going down my spine. But this movie didn't do it. A reasonably good story but pretty awful acting dialogue and filming. It was disjointed and sometimes outright silly. We had actors looking at the wrong direction of the camera people talking out loud (by themselves) and narrating what they feel and what is going to happen shadows of equipment in some shots silly clichÃƒÂ©s like "I just need you to hold me" in the totally wrong places and situations. Thank you for allowing me to offload and sorry if I'd offended anybody but it was a waste of time and money.
critique8242 this movie is so bad and Hellraiser part 1 to 3 are so great. Nothing is good Bloodline... a lot of gore but without meaning and the majority of time without originality. the movie is about the past the present (1996) and the future of the puzzle box. The creator of the box and his offspring fight against some demon but nothing link up seriously the 3 stories. Pinhead is in the movie...but it isn't Pinhead he is just a boring bad guy who kidnap kids and kill bird and the worse...he talk too much. A thing that I really didn't understand is why the dog from hell????? He can't be a cenobites because he had nothing human. Why the dog can be killed by the pressure if the other creature from hell can receive bullets without problems????? Bloodline is incoherent with the movie series in many ways. For example Pinhead and Angelique are old friend in this movie but it's impossible that Pinhead met Angelique because Pinhead is just a soldier from the First World War and Angelique is an old demon and she live in Paris since sometimes like 200 years.
critique8243 Sorry but every time I see a film wherein a woman sucker-punches a man and the man does nothing but cower the film looses all credibility. So the new (female) Starbuck immediately tainted the plot before it even got off the ground (no pun intended). Dirk Benedict was so much more plausible as the sensitive hero-type than the new-age Kattee Sackhoff-- whose overacting will probably be henceforth lauded as "a compelling exciting must-see ground-breaking performance" by the politically correct new-speak of today's review copy editors; but in essence it is just a tired old image of a woman with a chip on her shoulder as big as a townhouse: the biggest clichÃƒÂ© on screens today. I may give this series one more shot but human caricatures alone will not keep me tuned in. As James Hilton once bemoaned "A story please; just give me a story."
critique8244 I was a hippie age 22 in 1965 have seen the play 5 times have 2 versions of the music and have read the script many times. Maybe taken as an separate thing the movie is OK but as an adoption of the play it's terrible.<br /><br />First the good. The songs are sung well and the production values are pretty good. The homosexual implications in Black Boys White Boys is cute. The Claude/Berger switch was interesting. Hair is a fluid production and constant changes in it are inherent provided the basic spirit of it is retained.<br /><br />But the basic spirit was very much distorted. It seemed like all the producer wanted was to sing certain songs and fit the story-line to them regardless of what that did to the original intent of the play.<br /><br />Claude Sheila and Hud were presented as a selfish brats who could care less about anyone outside their tribe. Claude destroyed Sheila's parents party (it's hard to believe that she smiled while her parents were being hurt) and repeatedly stole cars. Sheila stole the soldier's clothes and car. Then she left him in the middle of the desert where he would certainly sunburn badly probably be busted in rank and could likely die on that lonely Nevada road. Good fun. And Hud found it fine to break his son's heart while yelling at his ex. This is not what hippies were like not what the play described and is directly opposite to a love generation.<br /><br />I've never seen a hippie beg for money. The point was to be self-sufficient outside the capitalist system not beg from it.<br /><br />After Berger is thrown in jail for ruining Sheila's party and Claude offers to bail some out Berger insists on being bailed instead with no better plan for bailing the rest that hitting on Sheila's parents and then hitting on his own mommy.<br /><br />"Be In" has always been a very spiritual point but here it is wasted on silly brides floating around. Even if this is part of his trip it ruins a beautiful song. I know they're contrasting "Floating In Space" with the Army. But again it totally ruins a beautiful song.<br /><br />While Sheila and Claude are skinny dipping Berger steals their clothes laughing "it was fun man" even after he could see both were very annoyed. Then a little later Berger does one thing that no hippie ever does. He hits Claude. Terrible.<br /><br />Then they have the perfect opportunity to sing "Starshine" at night in some beautiful SF spot with the stars twinkling down maybe working into an inventive duet. Instead the whole tribe sings it in the blazing sun speeding down the road in a convertible (stolen of course).<br /><br />I was vastly disappointed with the movie in 1979 and I like it even less now. I think it would have been possible to do a reasonably close adoption of the show but this ain't it.
critique8245 Sheltered young woman home-schooled and possibly quite gifted harbors a disturbed overly-emotional side which comes to the surface after her absentee father pays her mother a visit asking for a divorce. Directed by celebrated cinematographer William A. Fraker this ill-titled psychological thriller falls into the trap that most films helmed by directors of photography find themselves in: each shot is composed for the utmost style but at the sacrifice of fluid pacing and a tight gripping narrative. Fraker (and his cinematographer LÃƒÂ¡szlÃƒÂ³ KovÃƒÂ¡cs) are very fond of gauzy whites and golden tones giving the picture a burnished tableaux feel. The mansion at the center of the action looks like a funeral parlor and Fraker paces the wheezing yarn just like a funeral. Robert Shaw and Sally Kellerman (as Shaw's fiancÃƒÂ©e) two of the most interesting actors of the 1970s manage to cut through the plastic overlay and are quite compelling despite the jagged editing (which turns their scenes into little bits of half-realized business). Sondra Locke another interesting screen personality seems cast for her resemblance to Catherine Deneuve in "Repulsion". Pale and saucer-eyed with imposingly thick and long hair Locke is a curious human puzzle and she's initially quite intimidating and dangerous; however this role is so old-hat that Locke can find nothing fresh to bring out of the deep freeze and she flounders. Fraker allows Locke's freak-out scenes to go on and on while Shaw (looking terrifically debonair) is put in the impossible position of playing touchy-feely daddy to her. All of this nonsense might be worth slogging through if the screenplay had been peppered with a modicum of tangibility (or at the very least some dry wit or humorous relief). As it is Lewis John Carlino and Edward Hume's limp script adapted from Stanton Forbes' novel "Go To Thy Deathbed" strands the viewer early on and only the charisma of the players gets us to the finish line. *1/2 from ****
critique8246 Prom Night is shot with the artistic eye someone gives while finely crafting a Lifetime original film. You know the one. This October Lifetime takes a break from the courageous tale of a woman surviving (insert disease name here) to tell the somewhat creepy tale of a woman pursued by a stalker ex-boyfriend. It's dramatic Ã‚Â… it's sappy Ã‚Â… it's immensely dull. It does nothing to further a genre tell an original story or strive for ANY sort of newness. Prom Night shares this plight. Watching the killer poke holes in his victims we sit silently as they slump to the floor with not a drop of blood spilled. It occurred to me that this was the cleanest killer in movie history.<br /><br />Our director is working with a fairly good-looking killer so he is forced to pour on the camera angles to make him appear creepier. Think about Matthew McConaughey coming at you with a knife. You'd probably go Ã‚Â… "OH! Good lookin guy is going to kill me? Naaaa." Not scary even for a second so the director throws Schaech into shadows and over the shoulder in the mirror. This mirror shot is repeated to the point of sickness as it practically becomes a fetish of the creator. You'll get 15 jump scares in this film 2 of which made my date jump (I might mention she is afraid of EVERYTHING). I'd also mention she decided to take a nap halfway through the film and at one point threatened to leave me.<br /><br />As if this film were not disjointed enough it appears to be cut to shreds. I'm not saying it looks like key points were left on the cutting room floor as the crew scrambled to salvage some semblance of a horror film; I'm saying as the film moves from scene to scene you often get a jarring jump. This is the kind of thing you'd expect when a film catches fire and a projectionist is forced to splice ends together cross his fingers and hope for the best. The editor should be shot.<br /><br />With a plot you can pack into two sentences one stray spray of blood an emo killer and the tension of a very special episode of "Silver Spoons" we're left with no reason to support horror this weekend Ã‚Â… at least on the big screen. In fact this is the sort of film that should be punished. Is it really that hard to make a scary movie? Was this crew even aware they were making a horror film??!! A complete waste of my time and yours. I bit the bullet to get you this review. Don't let my sacrifice be in vain. DON'T GO INTO THE MOVIE!!!
critique8247 I love low budget independent films and had high hopes for this one. But this film is static. Never mind the production value which is very noble for its budget but the pacing is deadly. Admittedly these folks achieve much with little but the film fails on the most fundamental level. It's boring. The editing is glacial and the pacing stalls. It should have been 65 minutes. The best thing about the Dr. Jekyll is Mr. Hyde who isn't seen nearly enough. He had the most dramatic potential. Instead we have to suffer through dithering Baltimorean-Brits stammer through endless and tiresome exposition. It feels like a backwater stage play committed to video.<br /><br />Noble efforts by everyone in the production but a story this tired needed a kick in the pants and funky new low budget technology should have given it a fresh voice. Instead it's just a lame retread.
critique8248 More of a character study then a movie COMMITTED is yet just another relationship romp with the trimmings specifically made for a young target audience. The direction seems very basic with obvious dramatic irony and a classic case of the lost loser versus the clueless committed. COMMITTED is watchable at times and there is a small feeling of originality from Lisa Krueger.<br /><br />COMMITTED is completely aimless for the first twenty minutes. We get to know Joline but the movie picks up when her husband disappears. Joline sets off to find him.<br /><br />Some parts are strange. Other times the movie drags. The second half is more humorous as we see Joline's spiritual antics take a turn for the more intense. The annoying guitar music is awful but perhaps a necessary evil as COMMITTED offers very little anyway. An average movie hampered by some completely pointless moments COMMITTED 's only asset is Heather Graham and Patricia Velazquez.
critique8249 I rented this DVD having seen it while looking for something else. When I saw the title on the jacket I couldn't believe my eyes. I read Yalom's book about a year ago and loved it in fact admire Yalom's work in general. (I am a clinical psychologist.) I have watched perhaps 30 minutes of this movie and have had to turn it off. I'm not sure if I can take much more. At a superficial level the faux accents as others have commented are simply distracting at best and irritating and vapid at worst. The acting is dull when it should be passionate and comical when it should be serious. The portrayal of Lou Salome is simply flippant and the brilliant Freud comes off as little more than a schoolboy. I see very little of the book's spirit conveyed thus far. I had hoped to be able to recommend this film to my students. Instead I will refer them to the book. Imagine that.
critique8250 OKI've seen over 100 Troma films and some of them are pretty bad. "Sizzle Beach U.S.A." was horrible and "I Was A Teenage TV Terrorist" was unwatchable but this is THE WORST FILM IN THE TROMA LIBRARY!<br /><br />A bunch of women are kept in a prison and tortured as they try to escape.<br /><br />This is really terrible. Even as exploitation films go. Doris Wishman and Hershall Gordon Lewis would probably kill the director if they saw this poor excuse for an cult film. Avoid this movie at all costs.<br /><br />
critique8251 Stupid and just plain weird movie about some kid who becomes traumatized when he finds out Santa isn't real (???). He grows up and becomes an adult (Brandon Maggart) who makes lists of people who are naughty or nice. One Christmas he snaps and sets out to kill the naughty people--dressed as Santa of course.<br /><br />Boring and just plain bad killer Santa movie. If you're looking for gore it's not here. Only a few of the murders are shown and they're not that gory with VERY fake effects. Most of the movie just contains Brandon Maggart talking to himself and slowly going crazy. The script is trite the acting is terrible and it leads to an ending which had me staring slack-jawed at the TV. Seriously I had to rewind the tape and watch it again to make sure I wasn't hallucinating! Really REALLY poor ending.<br /><br />If you want a scary Christmas flick rent "Black Christmas" (the original 70s version---NOT the terrible remake). Avoid this one at all costs.
critique8252 Oh man I know what your thinking: "With a title like that I can't go wrong!" Uh yes you can. I too loved the title but man I hated the stupid kid that played "Satan's little helper" I hated the mom too and the sister/daughter and her boyfriend - I hated all those people! Man it was agony watching this sometimes! The ONLY reason this doesn't get 1/10 is becuz condsidering the low budget they did OK. But oh man did I hate those actors so stupid! I knew it was going to be bad I guess they saved a lot of money on just using halloween masks for the killer and the Jesus costume at the end was really stupid too. Oh the agony do not watch!
critique8253 Also known in a different form as "House of Exorcism" this messy<br /><br />little film takes itself so seriously as to kill any entertainment value<br /><br />whatsoever.<br /><br />The spare plot involves European tourist Elke Sommer who has a<br /><br />chance run in with Telly Savalas who looks just like the devil she<br /><br />saw on a fresco in the square. Sommer is given a ride to a<br /><br />mysterious house in the country where Savalas happens to be<br /><br />butler. There she is mistaken for a long dead woman and the real<br /><br />soap opera theatrics begin. The house's blind matriarch's<br /><br />husband had an affair with the dead woman who was the<br /><br />matriarch's son's fiancee. The couple who gave Sommer the ride?<br /><br />Well the woman is giving the chauffeur uh "back seat driving<br /><br />lessons" and the husband knows and does not care. Eventually<br /><br />most of the cast is killed Sommer is drugged and raped<br /><br />escapes and the viewer is taken to a climax on board an empty<br /><br />airplane...which must have resembled the empty theaters this<br /><br />thing played in.<br /><br />The alternate version of this "House of Exorcism" has scenes<br /><br />added involving a priest.<br /><br />The VHS copy of this from Elite Entertainment is crystal clear and<br /><br />letterboxed. There are "extras" after the end credits; deleted sex<br /><br />and gore scenes.<br /><br />Mario Bava's direction is fast and furious but his screenplay is<br /><br />awful. There are half baked ideas abandoned plotlines and<br /><br />stunning conveniences that do nothing more than propel this thing<br /><br />in some sort of forward direction. You have life like dummies for<br /><br />practice funerals the blind matriarch does not act all that blind<br /><br />and Savalas is given the same lollipops he had in "Kojak" (who<br /><br />haunts ya baby?).<br /><br />The project seems like they had two name stars then wrote the<br /><br />script quickly something that happens in Hollywood on a daily<br /><br />occurrence now. Savalas looks completely lost delivering his<br /><br />lines haltingly and wishing his character had not died in "The Dirty<br /><br />Dozen." Sommer runs around and screams and gasps a lot but<br /><br />her character is a blank I use the term "character" loosely. The<br /><br />only thing we know about her is her name.<br /><br />This is a real weird film and your reaction to it might depend on<br /><br />how heavily you are into Eurohorror and Kojak. I for one cannot<br /><br />recomment "Lisa and the Devil."<br /><br />This is unrated and including all the extras at the end of the VHS<br /><br />copy contains strong physical violence sexual violence strong<br /><br />gore strong female nudity male nudity sexual content and adult<br /><br />situations
critique8254 I registered for IMDb just to comment on this movie. <br /><br />I just got done sitting through this movie and the only thing that impressed me was that I somehow had the will power to not stop it.<br /><br />I've seen a pretty decent number of action movies and what not but Princess Blade has some of the worst fights I've ever seen in a movie. Most of the sword fighting involves mindlessly swinging the swords back and fourth and hoping the opponent isn't doing the same. I've seen a good many student films with better action and stronger plots.<br /><br />So now we have a "futuristic" action movie with poor action and virtually no sign of the future. <br /><br />Most of the movie doesn't even have any action and shows the developing relationship with the Princess and the farmboy/terrorist and his disturbed sister. The movie has multiple plot lines and none of them really pan out to be worth anything. <br /><br />Part of the problem may have been that I watched the dub which was quite bad. The entire cast mumbled all their lines so it was hard to follow what was going on. But I got the general idea. (Knowing exactly what was said would not have saved the movie in my eyes)<br /><br />If you've heard about this being a futuristic action/ninja flick then you've heard wrong. Thats what I thought it was when I heard about it and now I've lost 90 minutes of my life. Don't let this happen to you. Steer well clear of it.
critique8255 I'm sure that the folks who made this movie think they're doing something wonderfully politically correct because they manage to criticize U.S. wars in Afghanistan and particularly Iraq by suggesting that the U.S. does war well but doesn't clean up afterward thus sowing the seeds for future trouble. Furthermore they do this without making Islamists the enemy AND without making Republicans the enemy since it's the Republicans that are in office and are doing this supposedly great thing bringing down the USSR by covertly supplying a war in Afghanistan.<br /><br />But seriously now . . . do we really want a movie that repeatedly says "let's go kill some Russians!" like that's the greatest thing a red-blooded American can do? And are we supposed to find this congressman adorable because he surrounds himself with women with big hair and revealing clothes? Even his supposedly smart assistant who is always dressed professionally keeps looking at Charlie like he's just the most wonderful handsomest greatest guy around. As if she's Nancy Reagan to his Ronnie. Julia Roberts does a bang-up job in her role but basically women are really demeaned in this movie and it was really annoying.
critique8256 I still wonder why I sat through this entire thing. It only had about 3 minutes of actual entertainment the rest of it was just a total bore. The acting isn't that great and the action scenes are soooo cheesy it's not even funny. I kinda wish I could say something good about this film but I can't think of anything right now. There probably was somethings in it some can enjoy but the ending of it is gotta be the dumbest idea ever. What type of person would get a little toy remote controlled helicopter with a burned in machine gun in it to assassinate the President? This idea could have never been done in the first place let alone have anyone dumb enough to try it I guess the writer must have been to obsessed with the toy car scene in The Dead Pool but actually tried to make this look serious.
critique8257 Feeding the Masses is just one of many recent mediocre zombie movies to be after your hard-earned dollars. Suggestion? Keep your hard-earned dollars and let's just say that good old TheatreX took one for the team on this one. Guess what the plots about? Zombies taking over. This time though for the sake of originality (?) this film takes place in Rhode Island and to be honest I'm not sure I've ever seen a zombie flick based in Rhode Island. A TV station controlled by the government is supposedly keeping up "normal" broadcasts so that any remaining citizens won't think that there's any problem in the world that is those that never look or go outside anyway. I will say though that a few of the commercials broadcast by this station were probably the most amusing part of this film. There is actually somewhat of a story to this but I'm not bothering with that because after a while you'll either not care or have fallen asleep. At any rate this has plenty of terrible acting to throw on top off all the "seen it all before" stuff that gets trotted out before the camera. Trust me you can find plenty of other things to do with your time than watch this. 3 out of 10.
critique8258 I thought this movie was going to be good. It absolutely wasn't despite the Oscar-winning lead actors. I may have laughed once and I never heard anybody else in the theater laughing. Renee Zellweger's pancake make-up was very unbecoming. Everybody seems to be trying so hard in this movie running around in imitation of slapstick but not pulling it off. I think perhaps the movie must've sounded good in development but something got lost in translation. Were the roaring 20's really like this? I think not. Everything seems a tad artificial. Randy Newman's score was annoying. The film is in sepia tones just like every other movie that takes place in the 20's or 30's. There's just not that much originality here.
critique8259 I don't know why I'm taking the time to review this waste-of-time movie. If you stick with it long enough in hopes of a satisfying conclusion Ã‚Â– good bad or surprising Ã‚Â– don't. It finally fizzles out after stiff formulaic predictable dialogue and acting. Indoor scenes are so harshly lit you think if the camera were zoomed out one millimeter further you'd see the klieg lights. Costumes hair-do's and sets are starched pressed and immaculate. Are we supposed to imagine common people really lived like that in early 20th-century Arizona? Other reviews' comparisons to Sam Peckinpah are an insult to Peckinpah: at least that director wove his violence into the context of chaos and mayhem. HARD MEN's gore is gratuitous exploding squibs from wooden impersonations of bad guys with manicured fingernails. Huh?!? I can believe Heston thought he might have been making something of worth with this film. (He does get to clutch his gun in his cold fingers.) But Coburn? I'll never guess why he signed up for this travesty. Want to see a movie about the end of the West as we knew it the end of Westerns as we knew them? Watch THE SHOOTIST or UNFORGIVEN again. THE LAST HARD MEN is a mockery of an obituary to the Western.
critique8260 When you read the comment on this film that it's smart and funny political comedy based on true events - the only true word here is that it's a comedy. If you're told it's insider movie about Russian politics - it's not. There's probably only 2% in the movie from what really happened in Russia during that election-campaign. In reality of the 1996 it was thousand times more interesting to follow the situation and that was a real funky election-campaign. Well there were PR-advisers from the US working in the Yeltsin's staff but their role was just minimal. The whole campaign was totally different from what is shown in the movie it would be much funnier showing all the president's people riding across the country with paper boxes full of cash and the celebrities giving the shows to support Yeltsin all over the place - at least that would be true. I give it three only because of the respect to Jeff Goldblum Antony LaPagglia and Liev Schreiber. And about the machine guns on the streets of Moscow. I was living in the place that had the highest amount of hard crime in Russia in the middle of 90-s and never seen a man with the gun on the street.
critique8261 No doubt Frank Sinatra was a talented actor as well as a talented singer. After all very few actors nowadays can get a scene just right in one take and that was pretty much Sinatra's modus operandi on set.<br /><br />I feel that as the 1960's wore on the quality of the man's films really started to tank. The Tony Rome detective series was nothing short of trying to compete with Dean Martin's Matt Helm series which came out at the same time. Perhaps even a James Bond competition but nothing really worked for Frank during these years. His personal life in shambles his music fading out...Sinatra appeared more like a throwback to the 1950's. The last great Sinatra film of this period was probably Von Ryan's Express in 1965.
critique8262 OK let me start off by saying this isn't a horrible movie by any means. It's just not good. I recall one poster saying the acting isn't campy it's just nuanced. No. I've seen nuanced Japanese and Asian acting. I'm sorry you're wrong. This is camp.<br /><br />The characters are totally unsympathetic the deaths are totally random and utterly meaningless. The writing is bad. I'm fine with suspending disbelief I'm fine with not having everything handed to me in terms of plot. But this movie has no plot. One reviewer stated "This movie is set in a small town where people are going nuts over vortexes and spirals." That's not a blurb that's the entire freaking film. Congratulations I've just saved you nearly an hour and a half. There is nothing more to it. No character development no plot development no explanations no resolution. And not even the "Acceptable within the realm of J-Horror" lack of resolution. Just nothing.<br /><br />In addition the musical score is done by someone who obviously wasn't actually watching the movie at the time because it's random enough to cause whiplash. Cognitive dissonance is one thing and done well it can be brilliant (see Dark Water) but here it just seems as if the score was designed to go with another movie all together.<br /><br />The best example I can give is it's as if the Japanese remade Evil Dead without any of the clever bits or good acting. It just falls flat. It's J-horror without the horror.
critique8263 If Daphne Du Maurier had set REBECCA in 1950s San Francisco it might very well resemble this uptight highly unusual noir from Robert Wise. Valentina Cortese plays a concentration camp survivor who steals the identity of a dead woman and insinuates herself into the life of Richard Basehart (who happens also to be the guardian of the dead woman's son)...it's absurd and over-the-top but also topflight entertainment. Cortese is terrific slowly falling apart as she realizes the mistake she's made. Basehart is fine if a bit bland...although the lighting toward the end makes him appear very menacing. Fay Baker makes a very good Mrs. Danvers-like caretaker. Wise is a fine director and he keeps things moving at a pretty brisk clip. He also stages a now classic out of control car crash with Cortese (or at least a stunt Cortese) at the wheel.
critique8264 A yawn-inducing snail-paced disappointment Inside Man tells the story of a detective (Denzel Washington) who is under investigation due to his possible involvement in a case of missing money. When a bank is robbed and hostages are held against their will by a mastermind thief (Clive Owen) and his team the detective is assigned to coerce the thief to surrender Ã‚Â– his one shot at proving he is innocent and worthy of his position. Enter a powerful woman (Jodie Foster) with secrets and intents of her own sent to recover an item from the bank owner's safety deposit box that is stored within the bank and you have quite the three-way dilemma. Unfortunately all you get it set-up in the film and nothing pays off in the end. Denzel Washington is at his most uninteresting in an ineffective and distastefully egocentric performance. The only saving grace for the film is its competent co-stars Jodie Foster and Clive Owen who are much better than the film itself. In fact Jodie Foster delivers the most surprising and high-caliber performance playing against type as a ruthless cutthroat villain of sorts. Clive Owen isn't given much to do besides brood and pose but the depth of his presence and his achieved acting ability more than make up for his underdeveloped role. It's strange that so much talent is wasted on this film of little impact or interest. You have to wonder what director Spike Lee was thinking while he was creating this film. The most perplexing aspect of Inside Man however is how much unwarranted praise it has received. For a film that seemed to have all the makings of a pre-summer blockbuster this one falls horribly flat.
critique8265 I rented this movie for about $1.50 - the most complete waste of money (and time) I have ever spent. It's LAME! I couldn't believe how they could come up with something like this.<br /><br />The plot... there is no plot. Everything you'd expect to happen it does only in a worse way. The acting was horrible. My dog could've done better. The special effects have no effect whatsoever - except inducing complete disbelief. And the cheesy lines.... I mean why even bother? <br /><br />The only credit I can give this piece of sh*t are the opening scenes. They were actually quite pretty. And one of the reasons why I decided to rent this. The graphics shown there are probably the best and most realistic CG of the entire film.<br /><br />Total Reality gets 1 out of 10 for not being able to mark it lower.
critique8266 I was disgusted by this movie. No it wasn't because of the graphic sex scenes it was because it ruined the image of Artemisia Gentileschi. This movie does not hold much truth about her and her art. It shows one piece of art work that she did (Judith Beheading Holofernese) but shows that being entered as testimony in the rape trial when she did not paint her first Judith for a year after the trial.<br /><br />I don't know if you understood this from the movie probably not Tassi was not a noble character. He RAPED Artemisia. It was not love it was rape. He did not claim to accept false charges of rape to stop her from suffering while she was tortured. According to the rape transcripts he continued to claim that he never carnally knew Artemisia (aka had sex with) while she states over and over again "It's true".<br /><br />I encourage all of you people to go out and find about the real Artemisia and see what she is really about. Don't base all of your knowledge on this fictional movie. I encourage you to do some research Artemisia really does have interesting story behind her and some amazing art work.<br /><br />Don't see the movie but find out the true story of Artemisia.
critique8267 In terms of quality movies this isn't one of them. It's actually the first Chuck Norris movie I've seen and I was left pretty underwhelmed. The fight scenes are slow and don't have a lot of variety. Norris just uses a lot of roundhouse kicks on all the bad guys coming after him which makes the fights pretty boring. The movie also is quite short but for some reason the movie doesn't even seem finished when it ends. It's a pretty anti-climatic ending. All the same though I've watched a lot of bad movies and this isn't one of the worst that I've seen. It's worth a watch I'm guessing especially for Norris fans. There's also nothing like seeing a group of rigs hurtling down the desert which in my opinion was the highlight of the movie.
critique8268 Dumb excuse for a thriller with absolutely zero chemistry or reason in relationship between Lewis and Hurt (why is she dating a man old enough to be her father anyway?? The suspense is laughable. Lewis is very good but a script is needed and there isn't one. My score for this trash: 2 out of 10.
critique8269 Caught this by accident on a t.v. showing - and could hardly believe how utterly awful the whole experience was. By comparison the original "A Man Called Horse" was spell-binding because it held one's interest throughout. But this piece of nonsense - words fail me. It was bad enough to have some kind of a "story" presented with all the impact of a wet loaf of bread but that error was compounded by the obvious lack of subtitles throughout whenever the so-called "Sioux" spoke. For goodness sake couldn't the film-makers have found enough North American Indians who were also actors and near-actors to perform as "Indians" in this farrago instead of the imposters they actually used? I also found it quite embarrassing watching Richard Harris cavorting all around the countryside at the obvious behest of the director standing just behind camera telling him to run and jump from pointless Point A to pointless Point B just to make up film footage and minutes. Absolutely terrible in all respects!
critique8270 This movie was total cheese. It stank. The only thing good about it was the acting. Other then that nothing noteworthy at all.<br /><br />Big Time Spoilers Coming up! Don't Read Anymore If You Have Not Seen It!<br /><br />This movie is centered around a family whose happy and wonderful lives have been shattered as a result of their younger son and later as they find out older son have been molested by their daycare providers. Although they are called liars in court and the defense attorney is a real prick the jury finds them guilty and convicts them.<br /><br />In the end all I can say to the director is: "The next time you wanna make a movie like this do it differently".
critique8271 Okay at first this movie seemed pretty good even though it was moving rather quick and even though they only had a $60000 budget it was good but if you found your sister dead in a lake and found out who might have killed her why would you go chase him around and pull a gun on him with only one bullet and waste it and end up running from him all retarded and get yourself killed? Plus after you found your sister dead in the lake and found a clue and figured out who the killer was why wouldn't you hand that clue over to the police who think you killed her? And at the end of the movie when she acts like her sister who was a waitress and she is talking to the bad guy she should of met him somewhere and recorded him saying she was dead and what happened for her "proof". I don't know I was not happy with the ending. This movie could of been so much better if it lasted longer and the acting was better and if the ending did not suck so bad! Do not waste your money on this movie because if you do you will be writing a review on here too and will not be happy.
critique8272 A young woman nicknamed "T.N.T." for being virtual dynamite in a fight and a knockout in terms of looks to boot goes to the most lawless part of Hong Kong in search of her missing brother Stag Jackson. When she learns he has been murdered she decides she will bring the killer to justice in a fashion only she can.<br /><br />Sounds good doesn't it. Well there's really nothing wrong with the basic premise as a starting base for a martial arts/blaxploitation action thriller which is what this aims to be. The leads actually prove pretty good too with Jeanne Bell fitting nicely into the role of "T.N.T." and Stan Shaw doing well as the ambitious power-hungry Charlie. Where this fails miserably is in terms of the fighting action it offers up. The fight scenes are totally and completely unconvincing and/or sometimes so completely over the top it reaches the point of ridiculousness which doesn't at all help when the basic focus of your movie is a Kung Fu action heroine. Also the poor lighting actors sporting accents making them hard to understand the confusing camera-work and the sometimes poor sound doesn't help this obvious low budget effort out either any. This does deliver in one area which may delight some fans it does offer up plenty of the T in "T & A" in fact practically every fight scene in the film is proceeded by some type of nude scene and Jeanne Bell actually does have one extended fight scene in which she is completely topless.<br /><br />In the end this fails to be something you want to revisit because the fight scenes are so pathetically laughingly bad.
critique8273 A conversation about how Jan-Michael Vincent is a lush led me to foolishly re-visit this mid-90s DTV entry. A kid is traumatized when he sees an Ice Cream man gunned down in the 1950s and he grows up to be a psycho Ice Cream man (Clint Howard). Something happens and people disappear and end up in the ice cream. Blah blah blah. <br /><br />Director Norman Apstein (credited as Paul Norman) made a career of doing porn before this and went right back to it afterward. That is what you get for having all murders happen off screen. And for casting a skinny kid as a fat kid and making him wear a fat suit. Just cast a fat kid! Also there is a scene where Vincent stoically reacts to a group of escaped loonies surrounding him. He was either totally drunk and was frightened for his life or the filmmakers captured his "Have I really sunk this low?" shame full on. Despite being low budget trash this did line up a few good names including David Naughton Olivia Hussey David Warner and THE PEOPLE COURT's own Doug Llewelyn. How you can make a boring slasher with that cast is beyond me.
critique8274 I was one of the many fools who were sapped out into paying for this at the theater even though I payed 4 bucks for matinÃƒÂ©e (before 6pm) prices.<br /><br />The remake's story was ho-hum the CGI Morlocks were lame the Eloi were rastafarian to mimic today's fads (no I did not think the chick was hot at all) the re-killing of the hero's modern girlfriend was somewhat cruel overall just a sad bad remake. <br /><br />I'll take Rod Taylor Weena and the fat glowing eyed surfer Morlocks over this junk any time. My estimation is that many of the reviewers who like this awful remake are young kids which does not account for either good taste or a true value of the old classics which are largely unappreciated by today's confused and ever-wanting-more youth. <br /><br />When the 60s version came out (I first saw it in the 70s for summer fun) it was pretty damn impressive and still holds up. You don't have to have an over abundance of CGI in a movie for it to be better. Too much of this looks fake. I can't say enough of how disappointingly bad the Morlocks looked and they ran and jumped around like they were in a child's video game. 3 stars out of 10.
critique8275 Oh dear oh dear. It really gets on my nerves when a low budget pointless horror affair tries to look interesting in the credits by having a bunch of good names pop up in the cast only to involve each one in the smallest most pointless possible roles. In this film we have Richard Lynch in one scene a momentary appearance from Martin Kove a brief spot for Vernon Welles slightly more time on screen for John Philip Law and a little time for Karen Black. This bunch of random cameos does not really add up to much though Richard Lynch and Karen Black do raise some of the few smiles of this film with their appearances and its quite painful really as none of the main cast are much good at all. I couldn't help but think that if more scenes were filmed with any of the b movie veterans above the film would be a whole lot better but as it is there are just a few tantalising glimpses of good entertainment without the film ever actually attaining much entertainment value. Of the main cast the only charismatic or likable performances in my opinion were Steve Wastell as Axel and his girlfriend who I believe was played by Elina Madison (never heard of her before but she has some measure of screen presence and is a good looker). The plotting in this one is simple evil undead miner goes after those who eek to steal his gold and it should make for good slasher fun especially given that it is directed by John Carl Buechler who has done special effects for many of these sort of films including having worked on all three of the major slasher franchises (Halloween Elm Street and Friday 13th) and such small gems as Mausoleum. Unfortunately the film is sadly lacking in suspense likability and satisfying gore. There are one or two mildly gory moments but nothing worth the effort of watching the film I wouldn't say. In fact aside from the above mentioned cameos this entire movie is really quite stale and turgid with characters that couldn't get offed quick enough for my liking and an unfortunate lack of any real interest. I didn't even find it fun in a laughable bad movie sense which is rare for me since I love a lot of pretty crummy films. I'd say avoid.
critique8276 By the time this movie came out in 1996 director Mark Lester had been making tight sharp little B action pictures for more than 20 years. He was responsible for the great "Truck Stop Women" from the '70s and several other little gems; unfortunately he's also responsible for this dud. It's a shame to see the talented--and still smoking hot--Theresa Russell wasted yet again but she's still the best actor in this picture. Eric Roberts shows up for a while does his Eric Roberts thing then goes away a not altogether unwelcome occurrence in a picture with Eric Roberts in it. Frank Stallone actually isn't bad which should give you an idea of how truly pathetic this picture is. As has been mentioned by other reviewers the action scenes--which is the reason a picture like this gets made in the first place--are almost completely illogical and unrealistic in addition to being somewhat inept. Other than some "vintage" clothes and a few old cars there's no feel whatever for the 1930s the era in which this film is set. A by-the-numbers script with irritating lapses in logic and little historical accuracy--this isn't a documentary of course but the filmmakers could have at least TRIED for a little authenticity--and performances that range from grade B to grade school relegate this cheap little quickie to the 4:00 a.m. Sunday slot on HBO which is just where I saw it.
critique8277 For many year I saw this movie as a real movie of ninjas but after study more about this culture I can only think this is just another karate film. A black shinobi and some weapons doesn't make a ninja it's much more than that. The ninja are the most dangerous warrior of the japan because they are trained in every aspect of life to survive to anything killing whatever try to stop them. This movie is not a about a ninja warrior just about a clown trying to be something he cannot even understand.
critique8278 Everybody who wants to be an editor should watch this movie! It shows you about every mistake not to do in editing a movie! My grandma could have done better than that! But that's not the only reason why this movie is really bad! (It's actually so bad that I'm not able to write a sentence without exclamation mark!) If the first episode of Ã‚Â‘Les Visiteurs' was a quite good familial comedy with funny jokes and cult dialogues this sequel is copying badly the receipe of the first one. The funny parts could be counted on one hand and maybe half of it. Clavier is over-acting his role even more than in the first part Robin is trying to act like Lemercier (because she's replacing her) but that's Ã‚Â‘grotesque'. Lemercier is Lemercier Robin is Robin! Even if Muriel Robin can be funny by herself on stage she is not in this movie because she's not acting as she used to act. I know that it should be hard to replace somebody who was good in a role (Lemercier obtained a CÃƒÂ©sar award for her role in the first movie) but she made a big mistake: instead of playing her role she played Ã‚Â‘Lemercier playing her role'! As for the story it's just too much! Of course we knew at he end of the first movie that there would be a sequel but PoirÃƒÂ© and Clavier should hae tried to write a more simple story like the first episode. The gags are repetitive childish and dÃƒÂ©jÃƒÂ -vu. No really there's no more than 3 funny parts in this. The only good things might be the costumes and some special effects. So you have only 2 reasons to watch it: 1) if you want to learn how to edit awfully a movie 2) if you want to waste your time or if you really need a Ã‚Â‘brainless moment'! 2/10
critique8279 I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor. I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little. I was very disappointed in the movie. One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard. There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene. There are some characters and scenes that seem scary for little children for whom this movie was made. The North Pole scenes with Santa and the elves could have been cute and charming. There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters. It usually doesn't work to make a short children's book into a feature film. This movie totally grates on my nerves.
critique8280 If you want a complete waste of time because pulling lint out of your belly button or cleaning the wax out of your ears or grouting your tile is your idea of a carnival thrill ride then you'll not want to miss this one.<br /><br />For one thing forget the VHS cover. NO body in this movie looks that attractive (ie the Indian girl). Someone else commented that whoever posed for the cover is not the same girl and I agree. The cover is THE most exciting thing about this movie.<br /><br />To put this in perspective I bought this VHS for 99 cents at K-Mart and three minutes no 40 seconds into the movie I knew I had been ripped off.<br /><br />I finished watching it because 1) I did pay 99 cents after all and 2)there might possibly conceivably been a hair of chance some scene in this turkey was worth more than a pinched loaf.<br /><br />There wasn't.<br /><br />Good grief Fonda. I know you were hard up for roles when you did this but this is beneath you.
critique8281 This is the kind of movie that wants to be good but sucks. First thing what the hell are those punk trying to do with the school? I think the kids doesn't seem to realize the gravity of the situation. Deker guy say to the girl that they under his responsibility when she ask why he wants to go back for them but right after this he gives a gun to the wheel chair dude and wants him to go alone repair the phone line. Where is the responsibility there? I understand poor actors must pay their food but why not just give them the money that takes to make a stupid movie like that or give that money to a charity. Oh yea and none of them knows how to aim. The stupid punk guy shoots in the cafeteria nowhere like a crazy. They all want to look professional but they all suck. One more thing I don't believe that there's no emergency exit in the school the kids are trying several doors but they all locked. What happens if there's a fire and the dumass security guard is dead? It is illegal to not have an emergency exit in school. Anyway there's a lot more to say but it would be too long. I spent some time of my life to watch a crap.
critique8282 Revenge on us the viewing public perhaps. I sat through this 2 hour movie and i was waiting for the second act to kick in so that the movie lived up to its title. But Costner never avenges his lovers fate she dies and the movie ends. I was left wondering where the rest of the movie was. If a movie is called Revenge then the hero better get some by the end of the film. I had a choice of seeing this or Black Rain at the cinema thankfully i saw The other brothers movie at the cinema instead.i caught up with this turkey on video. there was one good thing about the film and was its beautiful theme tune. Listen to the cd.dont watch this its awful. 1 out of 10
critique8283 This is a disaster-movie in both meanings of the word. Every character every role every conversation every twist everything in this movie stinks big time. It's a shame to see Dennis Hopper's talent wasted in this dreadful movie. I can give you 100's of examples but see for yourself.<br /><br />Or rather : don't.
critique8284 Changi is an Australian comedy/drama set in the World War 2 Japanese prisoner of war camp of that name. The story cuts between past events and the present day when the aged veterans plan a reunion. This is a much publicised and controversial miniseries here in Australia. The budget ran over ($6.5 million Aust. dollars); historians and veterans criticised it's authenticity; and critics pilloried the uneasy mix of comedy and drama (shades of "Pearl Harbor"). Series writer John Doyle (half of the successful Roy & H.G. comedy team) has tried to defend himself with comments about "the characters are composites of actual people"; "the troops used comedy to cope with the situation"; "it's only based on actual events"; "one of our actors was actually there" etc. I don't have a problem with any of these points. Many superb fictional and factual dramas have come out of the Japanese P.O.W. camp experience: "King Rat" "Tenko" "Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence" "Bridge on the River Kwai" "Paradise Road" "Empire of the Sun" "Blood Oath" and "A Town Like Alice". Black comedy has often been used successfully in P.O.W dramas: "Life is Beautiful" "The Great Escape" "Seven Beauties" "Stalag 17" "The Colditz Story" and even "Hogan's Heroes". So why is "Changi" a monumental failure? - the acting in "Changi" is uniformly excellent the music and cinematography is good - it is the writing and direction that have let it down. Every scene seemed to give me waves of deja vu. When Anthony Hayes is made to stand in the blazing sun I thought "Didn't I see Alec Guinness do this in "Bridge on the River Kwai"?". The sudden flashes into surreal song & dance brought back Dennis Potter's "Singing Detective" but without the finesse. This borrowing happened so often it smacked of lazy writing by cut and paste rather than homage. The constant intercutting between the past and present stories left me unable to concentrate on either. Flash forward and flash back can be a useful tool - here it left me distanced from characters where intensity was called for. The "Ausiness" is overdone - every conversation seemed to include "stone the bloody crows" & such that I was saying "I get the point I know they're Aussies". Cultural stereotyping extended to the British and Japanese too -sadistic young Japanese officer; uptight British officer; wiser Japanese commandant; fun-loving rascally Aussies etc. I thought I was watching "Hogan's Heroes on the River Kwai". After 3 episodes I'm tuning out.
critique8285 And you'd be right. Black Mama White Mama also known as 'Women in Chains' is exactly the kind of trashy and crappy b-movie that the premise suggests. Pam Grier has been thrown into a prison on a small island with a lot of other women and this place seriously makes the summer camp where Martha Stewart is locked up right now look like a maximum-security prison. It's not five minutes into the movie that one of the hottie guards utters the line 'Strip 'em and get 'em wet' and then we are introduced to a prison life that resembles some college freshman's fantasy of what the inside of a sorority house is like. <br /><br />The prisoners soap and rub and wrestle with each other in the shower like it's a Girls Gone Wild shoot then they all hang out together in their dorm openly smoking pot and discussing in a big group what would be the best ways to escape. I've never been to prison myself but I have a feeling that escape plans are the kind of thing that you want as few people as possible to know about prisoners or guards or otherwise. The biggest difference between this prison life and some fantasy sorority life is that the women in this movie all wear orange cardigans (and no pants. Go figure) that say PRISON on the back. Must be those generic prison outfits for prisons that can't afford pricey accessories like their prison name or prisoner numbers for their uniforms.<br /><br />And as is to be expected a prison that can't afford to put prisoner identification on the backs of the uniforms can obviously not expect to be able to find guards that are interested in guarding the prisoners as much as they are in having sex with the prisoners and each other.<br /><br />The conflict of the movie's title refers to the fact that Lee Daniels (Pam Grier) spends much of the time handcuffed to a blonde prisoner named Karen as they are on the run from the cops after escaping from the prison. I won't go into details about how they escape except to say that you might have seen something like it in The Fugitive had they been unable to afford to stage a train wreck and it leads into the muddled story of the conflicting interests also chasing these two women for different reasons. Karen and Lee both have their own gangs of people each hoping to rescue their respective escaped prisoner and the cops are after both of them all the while.<br /><br />(spoilers) So Karen is involved with a bunch of hippies that want to Revolutionize Life As They Know It. Meanwhile Karen just wants to get off the island something she's been trying to do for years and isn't it just perfect that they each need to go to completely opposite sides of the island in order to fulfill their goals. So we get this odd couple pairing and since they are an odd couple it's not hard to predict that they will hate each other for the vast majority of the film but grow fond of each other by the end.<br /><br />In a movie with so many conflicting interests especially when those conflicting interests not only propel the two main characters in opposite directions as they pursue their goals it is not unreasonable to expect that there will be a climactic moment involving the rival gangs at some point in the movie. Not about to leave anyone unsatisfied they throw in a stupid gang standoff at the end of the movie where everyone shoots machine guns at each other killing each other en masse while the two women paddle safely and calmly across the river in a little boat. Nice. <br /><br />Even better at the end of the movie after a huge massacre in which lots of people get shot and spurt bright red paint all over the place the Captain of the police looks over the masses of dead criminals covered in awful awful special effects and we learn that he will be a Major before dinner. Not a bad way to end the movie the criminals all kill each other off and the cops get all the credit but here is the last line in the film Ã‚Â– 'It's better to win isn't it?' <br /><br />Is THAT why the Captain is going to get promoted to Major? Because he figured that out???
critique8286 This is definitely not one of Lucio Fulci's better flicks by any stretch of the imagination. The plot is pretty bad a millionaire is murdered and his spirt calls upon his daughter to find out who did it. But the biggest problem i have with this (besides knowing who killed him within 10 minutes of watching the movie) was wondering why anyone should even care? The father comes off as being a really big jerk to everyone he came across (including the daughter who he asks to help him) which made it quite hard for anyone to care who killed him. But no one really watches a Fulci flick for a good storyline to do so would be like watching a porn for incredible script writing and acting. Typically his movies try to compensate for this by adding excessive scenes of gore but even that is lacking in this movie. If you're looking for a good Fulci flick check out The Beyond.
critique8287 The scariest thing about this horror movie is that the end alludes to a sequel. 'The Cave' is really a disappointing action movie. A team of cave and undersea researchers go to Romania (one of these inexpensive places to make a movie for now at least) and following a destroyed church enter in a cave that proves to be a realm of underground monsters. Or are they daemons? The movie never decides if it wants to be action science fiction or horror it is a mix of all without salt or fun and acted in a wooden manner. The best thing about the movie is the cinematography but even the dark landscape of the cave becomes soon boring because the film lacks pace and the characters are simply not interesting. Waste of time.
critique8288 Fame did something odd. It was not only a musical that was created originally for the screen (most are based off of Broadway musicals) but it spawned a TV series and a Broadway musical. Let me correct that sentence. Fame is not a musical. Musicals have song numbers in order to advance the plot or to show characters' feelings. The singing in this music is not used to do either; in fact there's no use for it at all. People just randomly sing to fit in with the plot. And that's not the type of musical I know.<br /><br />The so-called plot of Fame has an onslaught of characters (who are all introduced at once-last time I saw that in a movie Gosford Park it had disastrous results) who audition for and get into New York High School for the Performing Arts. All of them are in for different reasons-i.e. acting singing etc. Quote-unquote drama unfolds as these middle-aged people pretending to be teenagers go through their four years.<br /><br />My largest complaint is that the high school is supposed to be selective. After all it's a free college and they can't let everyone in. So how is it that some people who are really bad get into the college? Obviously so that drama could ensue between all of these different people. And why is the person top billed not even in the movie until near the end for no reason at all except to make us feel uncomfortable? There's many unsettling situations that these untalented people get into yet you can't feel bad for them because you don't know who they are! These relationships occur between people whose names you don't know. And these characters realize things about themselves throughout the course of the movie yet you don't realize that because you don't know what they were like in the first place.<br /><br />As for the singing it pops in randomly (and is supposed to be humorous?) and does nothing. When the title song is sung it's played in the middle of a street and before you can say Ferris Bueller everyone's in the middle of the street dancing wildly and off-beat to it. The song itself is fine but the whole scene like the whole movie is unnecessary. Fame is an unpleasant movie to say the least. I would say more but most of the movie has thankfully gone out of my head. Just don't see it. You'll be doing yourself a favor.<br /><br />My rating: 2/10<br /><br />Rated R for language.
critique8289 Less than 10 minutes into this film I wanted it to end as it was painful. All this "horror" movie was about was a group of whiny bitches doing stupid things for 90 minutes arguing crying and screaming. Do not let the positive reviews fool you as this really is a terrible movie and you really shouldn't watch it.<br /><br />The movies plot had potential to be something great but it just doesn't happen. A group of five "teenage" girls are driving home one night when they find themselves being pursued by a crazed female driver who wants to kill them. Two minutes into the movie and the characters are already arguing and this doesn't stop. All we have for 90 minutes is a bunch of girls whining crying screaming "acting" and arguing. None of the dialogue is even remotely interesting too so you don't get to really know these characters or enjoy them.<br /><br />The acting was terrible and I was shocked to find out that these characters were meant to be teenagers. None of these women looked a day under 20 and one of them easily looked like she was nearly 30 years old. At least get people who look the age. None of them gave even remotely decent performances and just seemed like they were picked off the street or were friends of the director with no acting abilities. The "actress" who played the killer overdone it but she at least showed something that the other girls didn't - a little bit of talent.<br /><br />The characters don't help things because these girls are a bunch of whiny stupid bitches. That is all I can really say about them and it did not help that they ALL survived. If I have to go into detail in one scene the girls are being chased by the killer and having their car knocked a lot. One girl injures herself and is whining about it...four of them aren't wearing seat-belts...what do you expect? One of your friends is being brutally attacked by the killer...and you all just happen to be conveniently "too hurt" to help? Whatever.<br /><br />The filming of the movie is absolutely terrible. I don't care if this movie had a budget the size of a peanut the filming was terrible and it was like watching a pirated version of a movie. The cameraman was clearly in the car with the girls pushed up against a window somewhere and the amount of times the camera blurred out shook and brushed up against an "actress" was horrendous. It was also grainy and at times you couldn't hear what characters were saying (not that it was anything worth listening to).<br /><br />Supposedly the killers car in the movie (that supposedly got hit even though we only heard the accident) is actually the directors car in real life. No wonder they didn't show the car getting hit! This movie is so cheap they can't even show a car getting a little scratched up. Oh gotta mention the soundtrack also...if that's what it was. It was horrid...sad one second then hard rock the next. <br /><br />At the end of the day Five Across The Eyes just feels like a terrible home-movie filmed in the middle of the road at night with a bunch of stupid girls screaming and arguing for 90 minutes. It doesn't help when the script is terrible the scares/tension/suspense and (hardly even any gore to make up for it) are absent the acting is terrible and the picture quality and filming are horrendous.<br /><br />This was a horrible low-budget movie. Avoid it at all costs.<br /><br />1/10
critique8290 Okay just by reading the title you would think that it would be a good movie. Well at least I did. It started out good but became so boring after the first half hour. *spoiler*<br /><br />It tells a story about a mother that is so desperate for her daughter to become a cheerleader that she will go to any lengths to get what she wants. The only problem is that her daughter's friend is the girl in the way. She always wins the competitions therefore pushing the mother further towards "eliminating" her. After talking to a "hitman" the mother decides that the girl needs to be roughed up a bit. So actions are taken but she eventually gets caught.<br /><br />The cast is awful and the movie drags on too long with nothing happening. Don't waste your time watching this.<br /><br />
critique8291 I have read a lot of books in my short lifetime but this is by far the WORST!!! I just got done reading this worthless piece of trash and when I finished it I threw it across the room! I hated it and let me state the reasons! 1.The soldier dies. Why would the author make the soldier die?! Why couldn't she have kept him alive like a good love story author would do?! I deeply applaud Patty for trying to claw that FBI agent's eyes out.<br /><br />2.Ruth get's fired. Ruth (the black housekeeper) get's fired and for no apparent reason too! She tried to comfort Patty and then Patty's SOB dad fires her for no good reason! Ruth and Anton and Patty were the only bright spots in the book. Oh and the grandparents too! 3. The perm. Yes. The perm. Now you people might think why would the perm upset you? Well here's why. Patty's mom asks the girl if she wants her hair done. Patty says no but the mom calls Mrs. Reeves (the horrible hairdresser) and tells her to give Patty a perm. Why on God's green earth would she do that?! Why would a mother ask her daughter if she wants a perm only to have her get a perm anyway! The mom always pretends that Patty has a say when she dosen't have a say at all!!! She should be given the "Worst Mother of the Year Award" for the stuff she dose to Patty. Thank God Ruth cut her perm off! 4. Discrimination Racisem and Prejudious. I hate the discrimination in this book. They use the word *beep* too much. Yes.I know that in those days blacks were free but had basically no rights but come on! Why teach todays children that word! It just teaches them how to discriminate people. Not only were blacks discriminated but the Chinese too. In the book people refer to Mr.Lee (a Chinese man) as "The *beep* That is really despicable and last but not least... Jews and Nazies. I hate the town for spitting on a little girl. What was so wrong for her liking Anton. SHE IS A 12 YEAR OLD GIRL!!! It was just a crush. Like a 12 year old can really love a 22 year old. Come on! This isn't "Lolita". And "Lolita" is a good book not a piece of filth! I'm surprised that this movie isn't considered "dirty" like "Lolita" is.<br /><br />5. Patty going to a reformatory. Patty should not have gone to that reformatory. Refirmitories are for thieves and murders not innocent 12 year olds! The teacher or whatever she was called Patty an ungrateful spoiled brat. Ungrateful spoiled brat my butt! Patty was not a spoiled brat because her father and mother never gave a rip about her! Patty should of got community service or something. She did nothing wrong. She just helped a friend.<br /><br />6. Favortisem. The parents played favoritism with their children. Patty their firstborn daughter is clearly the least favored while Sharon the five year old brat is their favorite daughter. The dad says that he wanted to take Sharon to Hollywood but clearly forgets his other daughter.<br /><br />7. The dad. I hated him! He was so mean Patty might as well had Hitler himself as her father. Her dad beats her for no apparent reason and the way he talks to her in the end will make you so mad you'll be caught thinking "Patty would get better treatment in a concentration camp".<br /><br />Well there you have it folks. 7 reasons I hate this book. Instead of reading this book read "The Diaries of Anne Frank" or anything else because I warn you it is very depressing and it will leave you really mad! The only reason it gets 4 stars is because of Anton Patty Ruth and the grandparents!
critique8292 This is by far the most awful movie I have ever watched. I have never before rated a movie 1 out of 10. My advice is don't watch it. This doesn't even classify as a movie.<br /><br />You'd be better off sitting on the couch bored rather than watching this movie. Acting was terrible but what was worst by far was the storyline. Highly unlikely sequence of events which aren't even funny. They are actually very lame and stupid. Very foolish choice by Ashton Kutcher and Tara Reid to act in this movie. Might even upset their careers a little.<br /><br />When I walked into Blockbuster the main focus was on this movie  so I decided rent it. I sincerely regret it.<br /><br />Once you're 10 or 20 minutes into the movie you could basically predict what was going to happen. I was hoping it would get better  but instead it got worse.<br /><br />I am not exaggerating this. The movie is terrible. Don't watch it. Hope this helps.
critique8293 I'm sorry but this guy is not funny. I swear I've heard heard 4 year olds come up with better jokes then some of his. "Dee dee dee" for instance is possibly the worst catch phrase I've ever heard. It lacks any creativity at all and to be making fun of mentally challenged people when you've reached level of having your own show is incredibly dim-witted on Mencia's part.<br /><br />Though every one compares this fool to Chappelle their is no contest. First off they had very very different shows. I think all in all Menica's show on average had only about 2 short 5 minute skits in between his 10 minute rants about god knows what. Chappelles show came off more as sketch comedy with 2-4 skits that occupied all the show. All chappelle did was a short summarization of each skit before and after each one. This is where Mencia fails even more. What would make Mencia think having a show which consists of the same standup comedy that he talks about on his standup specials would be a beneficial idea? Does anybody really want to listen to a bit George Lopez pioneered years before Mencia but just dragged beyond belief to the point where its dead? Snowflake's chance in Hell.<br /><br />My point is even though most people hate this guy for his rascism I just cant stand him for his imcompetence. Comedy Central was looking for a minority they could brand as "controversial" and then leave him to follow Chappelles path. The problem is this guy made it very clear he doesn't want to be Chappelle. So instead he conducts his crappy show like a burning trainwreck right into the ground. Does anybody want to watch a weekly standup about the same stuff every thursday I know sure as hell I don't.<br /><br />I cant express my gratitude to Comedy Central though. This idiot's show is done. Personally after watching his standup I don't know how he got his own show in the first place. There are so many more deserving comics like Jim Gafigan Zach Galifinakis etc... In fact anyone is better than this fool.
critique8294 This is the kind of film that everyone involved with should be embarrassed over. Poor directing over the top acting and a plot that rambles on with no point other than to show violence. I thought when I first saw it that it would be perhaps a satire of the media and how it shows violence but it's not. I'm not sure what makes the film worse. Oliver stone does his worst directing ever. From scenes where Woody Harrelson's face morphs for no reason or Robert Downey Jr's dreadful performance as Wayne Gale who is a reporter who seems totally bonkers this movie is simply a mess.
critique8295 Well...overall this movie was pretty much worthless and it's basically a horror movie that ended up being more of a comedy. I just rented this movie last night when me and my friends went to blockbuster looking for a scary movie. This definitely wasn't what we were looking for but it satisfied us for humor. The actors in this movie (especially Brandon) are so fake that it's funny. And especially that Tracy girl whenever she's in the boarded up room telling the clown to go away. They show almost no emotion and it's just so obvious that they're acting. And also when the clown is looking through that black box paper thing and grabs Mark he doesn't even look like he's scared even though the clown like grabbed him and started attacking him. And seriously would you just be JOGGING if you were being chased down? I'd be sprinting for my life! (Even though anyone could probably outrun that clown because he's like 300 lbs.) Not to mention that the effects aren't that great like whenever the clown chops off Susan's head in the forest then whenever he throws her head into the boarded up room with Denise and Tracy whenever Denise throws the head back over. Also like in the previous guy's comment the beginning makes absolutely NO sense and I don't even see why it was even included in the movie. So what was this movie made in 2003? The music made it sound like it was made in like the 1980's and the camera-ing(?) doesn't even really look professional. Half of the time it seems like the camera can't even stay steady when it's suppose to be. Overall I'd have to say I enjoyed the movie. I wouldn't recommend it though if you're trying to find something to scare you but if you're looking for something to maybe make fun of or get a laugh out of I'd recommend it for sure.
critique8296 Not even worth watching this tacky spoiler ruins everything about 'Annie'. The characters seem almost cheapened by the poorly written storyline and they low quality feeling to the production. It was very clearly made for TV yet if I found it on my television I would flick it straight over. The children in the film do an alright job yet the adults acting is unbelievable and so the movie fails to really draw you in. This film lacked the music/dance numbers thats made the original brilliant and truly does take the shine of the Annie we all love. Johnson as Annie is at times annoying and over acted..you cannot convince yourself that she truly is Annie. The differences in character appearance continued to irritate me throughout the duration of the film. Sad to say this sequel was a total flop.
critique8297 ....is the boob in the pie. Every thing else in it is an abortion a malformed failure of a film. At least you can SEE and HEAR what goes on in an Ed Wood movie (usually). High schools drama clubs do better than this on a routine basis. Once you've you've seen the breast pie bit you can turn it off and go watch "Hannibal".
critique8298 A ridiculous movie a terrible editing job worst screenplay ridiculous acting a story that is completely ununderstandable...<br /><br />If God was going to decide if movies should continue to be done judging by this one the entire world movie industry would now be dead...<br /><br />A wonderful movie to show that cinema should not be done by people who "think" they can make movies.<br /><br />I am still wondering who are those two gipsy girls who show up in the movie for over half an hour and are never introduced to us...<br /><br />
critique8299 I rarely shut a movie off after the first 10 minutes but that is what I did with this one. What turned me off was it was so obvious that the only purpose of this movie was to expose as much skin of as many B actresses as possible and nothing else really matters.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong; I like pretty actresses and sex scenes and sexploitation movies have their own scale of merits but this director does nothing else right.<br /><br />For example take the scene where the two cops (of course one guy one gal and OF COURSE there is all this supposedly witty banter between them) are talking over while standing over the first dead body. The camera pans between them for each line (there's more than one screen-width between them!) and you end up wondering whether you're seasick from that or the clueless dialog.<br /><br />Well it MIGHT have gotten better after the first 10 minutes but I wouldn't know. I declined the sucker bet and found something better to do.
critique8300 what kind of sh*t is this? Power rangers vs Freddy? It was watchable and as good as the first film in the beginning but from the part where the protagonists get super powers in theirs dreams it started to become childish. This sh*t should have been rated PG or PG-13 rather than R. I expected to see some very mature stuff but it was only for the 1/3 of the film. The rest are for little kids. Plus it's focused too much on Christianity. I know Freddy's a demon but there are many religions that have different ways to fight demons. Why does it always have to be Christianity? This is total Orientalism and filled with white men/westerner's superiority. Don't' watch this show it to little kids who loves power rangers.
critique8301 The film is poorly casted except for some familiar old Hollywood names. Other performances by unknown names (i.e. Jennifer Gabrielle) are uninspiring. I have seen other films by this director unfortunately this is one of his worst. Perhaps this is a reflection of the screenplay? <br /><br />In a positive note Kim Bassinger's and Pat Morita's performance saved the movie from oblivion. I enjoyed Pat more in Karate Kid though. There are many good movies to see and in short this one is not one of them. Save your money and the celluloid. <br /><br />Jason Vanness
critique8302 BOOOOOOOORRRRRINNGGGGGGGG and STOOOOOOOPIDDDDD. Kept falling asleep. If you want to see Miles O'Keefe loping around in a furry Speedo by all means rent this movie. If not please don't bother... Rife with anachronisms. Was this supposed to be set in the Ice Age the Iron Age the Steel Age or the Age of Reason? What was the reason for the black nylon wig on the guy dressed up as Genghis Khan? Was that really supposed to be Genghis Khan? If Ator had access to so much advanced technology and science why did we have wait another 1000 years for Leonardo? It's never clear where Ator comes from or if he's supposed to be some superior sort of being. You wonder if it was all explained in the first movie but after seeing this one you KNOW you'll never bother.
critique8303 This is one of the most insipid lackluster unoriginal and pointless movies ever made! It almost feels like everyone involved in this project didn't even try to make an appealing movie. This is nothing more than a continuation of a tiresome series of films that attempt to cash in on the success of Smokey and the Bandit which I think is the best film of them all. As for this waste of film stock Burt Reynolds sleepwalks his way through the entire movie Jim Nabors is wasted the other actors aren't given very much to do the car races are obviously stock footage the humor is uninspired and many of the scenes are more dull and lifeless than staring at a wall for two hours. "Stroker Ace" is simply a superfluous film with nothing unique or distinctive about it.
critique8304 David Mackenzie's follow-up to the brilliant Young Adam wants to be a feel-good underdog story of a lonely voyeur who is trying to confront some psycho-sexual issues with his dead mother. It wants to be gritty realistic and mysterious. At the same time it wants to be funny and nonjudgmental of its disturbed lead as he establishes himself as an adult.<br /><br />To meet this end the film tries hard to be youthful. Its poster has hand-drawn letters looking like that of Juno. Its original soundtrack is comprised of fast-paced indie rock which tries to convince the audience that Hallam is OK; just a little misguided. But strangely the film is anything but youthful.<br /><br />Like Young Adam this film's central mystery concerns a drowned woman- in this case Hallam's mother. Young Adam keeps its mystery quiet contemplative and paced well enough to hit you with the truths as they come. Hallam Foe does the opposite. It foregrounds its character's psychosis so clearly and so early that he never really does anything outside his expected parameters. The opening scene is Hallam in his treehouse watching his sister fooling around with her boyfriend. Hallam swiftly interrupts asserting his presence in the household. Here we see everything that Hallam will do for the rest of the movie.<br /><br />The mystery surrounding his mother's drowning is whether it was suicide or murder by his father's girlfriend. The audience can never really trust Hallam because besides being creepy we think his obsession has led him close to insanity. This hindered the mystery element for me because Hallam is too sporadic to be relatable. Right when he's found some clues that would support his claim he runs away from home at first it appearing to be looking for the police. Then he gets extremely sidetracked by a girl who resembles his mother which frustratingly leads the story away from the mystery element.<br /><br />While Jamie Bell does bring out some very endearing traits in his lost character he was limited by the obviousness of his psychological needs. This movie is in no way mysterious yet it is not blunt either. It tries to be realistic in dealing with such issues but it adds a very self-conscious spunk which registers itself as quite the opposite. It goes for a soundtrack-heavy Trainspotting attitude to help the audience root for a protagonist who scales buildings picks locks and camps out for the sake of voyeurism. These urban peeping tom adventures Hallam engages in are way too difficult for an inward-drawn country boy to engage in and they are not sexy giddy or pleasant. They are more neutral than anything; not propelling the character or story. Mackenzie makes you understand Hallam yet he fails to build common ground.<br /><br />He expects you to enjoy Hallam's trials and tribulations without much ideological justification. The film hinges on its audience's perspective on voyeurism/the kind of person who engages in it. Obviously most people would be disgusted by it. And Hallam Foe realizes that but it does not let us see Hallam weigh the morality of his decisions. He goes from person to person trying to fill his deep void. There is a particularly disturbing line from Hallam's love interest Kate where she drunkenly says "I love creepy boys" perhaps asking the audience to do the same. The line tries to foreshadow her understanding of him (her motivation remains vague throughout) and tries to further us from judging him. It's not hard to like Hallam but it is very hard to participate in his adventure- if it is even an adventure at all. All the while the film tries to use its flamboyant soundtrack to mask its indecisive mood.<br /><br />Great performances are weighed down by a film with a weak third act muddy development and needlessly ambiguous direction from Mackenzie. Recently this film was re-named for a US release and for what reason? Not only is it more unappealing but the hard truth is that the Hallam character never earns the title 'mister.'
critique8305 The very first time I saw this I recoiled in HORROR at what was being presented as modern liberated women.<br /><br />Sorry but I cannot relate to whining idiots whose lives revolve around loveless sex and the acquisition of Gucci Prada and Louis Vuitton labels. The troubling thing is that some may actually think this is how career women live in NYC. It's definitely not. These women are incredibly shallow and materialistic and as another reviewer said they act like gold-digging hooches.<br /><br />This is not liberated womanhood and I'm glad it's gone. 0 stars and just plain AWFUL
critique8306 My favorite memory of this show and the band was when I got together with a bunch of my friends which are NBB haters and had a big bonfire and we took a CD of their songs and the DVD of the movie and a bunch of pictures of the band members and threw them into the fire and danced a happy jig around the burning stuff while singing "Ding Dong The Witch Is Dead". That was the best thing about the show and this show is stupid with a capitol God this show sucks. I hate it so much. Get rid of the crappy car. You guys really suck! You really ruined the whole channel! No offence or anything but you guys need to get a life I mean really who makes a stupid show with a stupid lead singer that can't even sing! You guys really sound horrible and need to get a life as hobos or something except Roselina. She's really pretty. But still you guys reak!
critique8307 This movie is painfully slow and has no plot. It conveys the lives of a group of laid off boatworkers. One of the older ones is sincere in his attempt to get a job. There may be some social commentary here but it is muddled as nobody is painted in a very sympathetic light.<br /><br />I do not understand why it had a 7.8 when I decided to watch it. I watched the whole tedious thing and built expectations for a huge redeeming payoff. No luck. The IMDb rating has always been such a good match for my tastes. Anything above 6.5 was worth watching.<br /><br />And my wife says Javier Barem does not even look good in this movie. He's not my type so my agreement does not mean much.<br /><br />Sigh. I give it a 1.
critique8308 Poorly done political actioner. Badly photographed acted and directed. Every single scene is underlighted including those very few that are shot during the daytime. It doesn't matter what the location is. At an important conference in the White House no lights are on and the only available lighting is a gloomy blue that is filtered through a few windows. The primier of China conducts an earth-shattering phone conversation under conditions of such intense chiaroscuro that he should be contemplating a bust of Homer in a Rembrandt painting. Honest. It's as if he had a tiny spotlight on his face and was otherwise in total darkness. The slow motion deaths are by now obligatory in any ill-thought-out movie.<br /><br />Roy Scheider and Maria Conchita Alonzo do well by their roles but Scheider is rarely on screen. The other performances are dismissable. There is a pretty Oriental woman in a short tight skirt who totes a gun and is right out of a Bond movie who's accent suggests a childhood spent in Basset Nebraska and who should have remained the model she probably started out as. Whoever plays the surviving Secret Service agent aboard the cruise ship was probably picked for the part because he looked most like Johnny Depp not because of any display of talent. The Chinese villains representing both Taiwan and mainland China hiss and grin as they threaten the heroes. <br /><br />The script is pretty awful recycled from other better films. There is a lot of shooting aboard the ship and practically everyone winds up mincemeat. Two thirds of the way through the ship explodes into the expected series of fireballs. Then the movie splits into two related parts. Part one another shootout this time in a waterfront warehouse. Part two an exchange between the Vice President now acting president and the oily Chinese premiere lifted out of both "Dr. Strangelove" and "Fail Safe." We unwittingly launch our missiles. They launch theirs in retaliation. We cannot convince them that our launch was accidental even though we offer to help them destroy our own missiles. There is even the George C. Scott/ Walter Matthau general who argues that their "nucular" armory can't match ours so we should hit them with everything we've got. More fireballs. <br /><br />The end comes none too soon.
critique8309 This was a first feature for Clinton I was there while he shot this mess back in Adelaide around 98...<br /><br />Although I wasn't involved directly in the production I was witness to the typically delusional behavior post set that went down: the parties the drugs the illusionary glamor really an example of what not to do when making a film but also a byproduct of young talented people getting caught up in classic ideologies of fame & worldly position.<br /><br />I like Clinton we had a curious friendship he deserves to have another crack with a more mature script...there the problems lay and I'm sure a much better job will be done if there's a next time round.! Because frankly he certainly didn't do himself any favours with this on his CV and neither did the cast...but hey it was a paying job in country where actors regularly starve to death<br /><br />In summary fascinating to watch 'the making of' basically not so much fun to experience (alas!).
critique8310 I seem to be disagreeing with a lot of folks here. but I really did not find this movie as scintillating as the reviews I read claimed. It was no doubt a touching story and the partition background provided the scope for an epic. but the movie was a let down. specially for neone who has seen 'gadar'. inspite of the lead being played by sunny deol and the incessant songs I must say gadar is the better of the two. the story being virtually the same. partition failed to create any depth in its characters as well as the scenes that were supposed to hav an impact. over looking kristin kruek's accent and the smallvile image which in itself wasn't an easy job. the characters just did not seem too real. not that I am criticizing the acting by any of the lead. it just did not work. the atmosphere was well drawn up but the movie really lacked in substance. not that I am die hard rambo fan but some action cud have seen the movie through or some character development. it all seemed like a rush to the finish. and the ending only added to the viewers dissatisfaction.<br /><br />nonetheles I must say that it was at least a good effort in seemingly unfamiliar territory by the director. and if U haven't seen gadar then u mite even like it.
critique8311 Maybe it's unfair to dislike a movie for what it isn't rather than what it is but I approached this hoping that finally a filmmaker would make a movie about small-town rural gay men and women. Instead the focus is primarily on the outrageous bigotry (big news!) of the locals (and those in outlying areas) and the really gruesome torture/murder of a young gay man.<br /><br />So much time devoted to stupid people squawking about AIDS sin hellfire and perverts. So much time devoted to the ghoulish preacher ranting about the Bible and gay people getting what they deserve.<br /><br />I wanted to see more of the people that came to the "small town gay bar" not those who opposed it. In addition the young man who was murdered isn't even from this town.<br /><br />The whole movie works as a warning rather than a celebration and it's very suspect.
critique8312 There is a lot of obvious hype associated with this film. Let's just face it though the main reasons why anyone would watch it would be for Leo and Cate who are not necessarily the best actors in this film. I'm not saying they're not good actors I'm saying they stunk in this film. The special effects were decent (and I will say the film makers did a good job making the ship eye-pleasing) but IT even has several major flaws. For instance right before the ship goes under you can see an unfinished blue-screen image behind your main characters.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong I LOVE the story of the REAL Titanic but I find this movie an insult to that story. Editing was atrocious--there's no reason for any film to be over 2 1/2 hours (with the exception of MAYBE a biographical movie) and the writing and screenplay was horribly stilted.<br /><br />I will say that the music was perhaps better than I could have predicted (and not just the "My Heart Will Go On" song either). There is one scene that stands out to me when the ship is sinking and pounding bass music is heard. That could very well be the highlight of the film. As for the mood throughout it was extremely dull. I was more relieved than sad when Jack died which I know cannot be what the director intended.<br /><br />In a nut shell I find it horrible that they turned the beautiful story of the Titanic into an over-hyped chick flick.
critique8313 This was a fairly creepy movie; I found the music to be effective for this. The photographs Mario took of the village were also unnerving. However I had three problems with this film. One is that the lighting was very dark so some of the time it was hard to tell what was going on but this may have just been my copy. The second is that the very beginning is not explained very well and I'm still not sure what was going on there. The third problem is that I didn't understand the ending but apparently some people do. Of course there are also the usual problems of people doing stupid things and the male lead is very 70s. All in all watchable but not even close to being a favorite.
critique8314 TOM BROWN'S SCHOOLDAYS <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.78:1<br /><br />Sound format: Stereo<br /><br />In late 19th century England young Tom Brown (Alex Pettyfer) is sent to the public school at Rugby where he experiences the reforms of a radical new headmaster (Stephen Fry) and stands up to the school's resident bully Flashman (Joseph Beattie).<br /><br />Already the subject of numerous screen adaptations - most notably Gordon Parry's superior 1951 version - Thomas Hughes' evergreen novel gets the early 21st century treatment courtesy of screenwriter Ashley Pharoah (TV's "Where the Heart Is") and director David Moore (THE FORSYTE SAGA). It's pleasant enough and watchable but it's also rather staid and dull distinguished only by Fry's sincere performance as the new principal determined to sweep away some of the school's most dubious 'traditions' and by the introduction of a possible new star in 14 year old Pettyfer a talented kid with the kind of effortless charm and vivid good looks that should take him all the way to Hollywood and beyond. Otherwise this is typical UK TV fodder the kind of stuff favored by executives eager to fill the schedules with 'prestige' product even one as thoroughly unremarkable as this. The UK publication 'Radio Times' described it as "daintily odd" and raised a querulous eyebrow over "all of that fagging and brutality and a handsome rakish villain torturing the life out of sweet young boys". Quite.
critique8315 For the record this film is intriguing but its hardly original. Back in 1998 a movie starring Talia Shire called The Landlady had almost the exact same plot but with younger characters.<br /><br />The story is Amanda Lear has had a bad life abusive father horny doctor mental homes etc. She's finally released from the happy home under the guidance of her perverted doctor...who she anally abuses and kills the poor guy. (now THAT was original) The doctor had financed a mansion for her before she killed him and buried the sucker in the backyard. After moving in she falls in love with a stud named Richard who just happens to be married to a blues singer. If you've seen The Landlady you know the rest she kills or tries to kill anyone that gets in between her and Richard (including a roadie).<br /><br />Much of the idea's came from the previous movie same idiot sidekick that sticks his nose in same spying on the guy with a bowl of popcorn same flying a bodypress. It did have some original material the beer bottle thing was brutal. The highlight of the movie was Amanda's beautiful breasts in the hot-top scene. Somewhat of a ripoff but not a total waste of time.<br /><br />4 out of 10
critique8316 Seriously the fact that this show is so popular just boggles the mind. This show isn't funny it isn't clever it isn't original it's just a steaming pile of bull crap. Let me start with the characters. The characters are all one-dimensional morons with loud exaggerated voices that just sound like fingernails on a blackboard. The voice acting could've been better. Then there's the animation. MY GOD it hurts my eyes just looking at it. Everything is too flat too pointy too bright and too candy coated. Then there's the humor or lack thereof. It's completely idiotic! They just take these B-grade jokes that aren't even that funny in the first place and then repeat them to death. They also throw in some pointless potty humor which sickens me. And finally last and least the music. It's just plain annoying. It sounds like it was composed on a child's computer and generates no emotion whatsoever. I wish there was a score lower than 1 I really do. This show seriously needs to be canceled. It's a show I try to avoid like the plague. Whenever I hear the theme song I immediately turn the TV off. If you've never watched this show then don't. Watch quality programming like The Simpsons or Futurama.
critique8317 I have to ask myself do movies like this get their support by people associated with the movie itself coming here and critiquing it? How can something so awful score this high? My parents went to see a lot of the more adult themed movies when we were kids anything with an R in it until we were old enough. I only remember two films that had them saying yech! when they got home. This one and "Catch-22".<br /><br />The movie is comprised of bumbling physicians and staff in a filthy hospital rambling narratives and a pack of inner city people (who look like rejects from a 1970s Norman Lear sitcom) staging a protest. The worst part is the "murder mystery" a crazy old guy doing "God's work" by killing doctors and others. When he confesses Scott and his girlfriend show little emotion. They only care about him getting out of there where he will "be safe and happy". A doctor that drops dead of a heart attack is faked as the man so he can get away. Oh my what a fun movie.<br /><br />This movie didn't "make me think" chuckle or have any other feeling other than "It must get better" but it never does. People wonder why it was a failure no wonder here. I wonder how IMDb has enough members that think this movie is good. YECH.
critique8318 This was like watching the trailer of a up and coming movie except that there was no movie coming up. The film is so unsatisfying and obviously unfinished as to be almost laughable. The subject of this film is over a very short time frame and frankly nothing much actually happens in the 90 odd minutes of screen time. I was hoping for the definitive Australian film about our soldiers in WWII and how they fought against incredible odds in awful conditions.This is most certainly not it. <br /><br />Having said that the acting was great and locations authentic. This could easily have been a great movie given a lot more money and time instead it isn't even mediocre and I cannot recommend it at all.
critique8319 Just a warning... This is the worst movie I have seen in years... I couldn't watch it to the end... It is a pure waste of time... I really feel sorry for Snipes that he ended up in such a movie. There really is not much to say about it. Horrible acting incredibly bad lines story everything. The only reason I would advise you to watch this movie is if you really want to see how a movie shouldn't be. Just to tell you one scene: the police are searching for Snipes and they are surrounding the building with helicopters and cars they are shooting around inside the building but still they are whispering so that Snipes doesn't suspect a thing.
critique8320 On Halloween a town is terrorized by a lunatic with a big pumpkin for a head. Bad acting compromised mostly of local talent and laughable special effects makes this one baaaaad. B-Movie Queen Linnea Quigley looks embarrassed to be a part of this one and even her considerable charm which has helped so many of her other films can't help this one. Pass this cheesy flick if you are looking for a good Halloween horror film and rent "Night of the Demons" which also stars Ms. Quigley.
critique8321 One of the worst movies ever made. Let's start with the superficial: Joaquin Phoenix is first of all too fat to be a rookie fireman. The NYFD does not recruit Pillsbury dough boys. John Travolta has a bad dye job and the strange gleam in his eye throughout the movie made me think that he was on some sort of extended Scientology bender. The plot hits on all the tropes and clichÃƒÂ©s of what the average Joe believes life as a firefighter is really like: they all get drunk get into fights have a hard time expressing their emotions their wives all stay at home crying they all have father issues everyone has a Boston accent et cetera. An execrable piece of schwarmerei that plays on our lingering cultural hero worship of firefighters after 9-11 -- which was by the way valid cultural hero worship. This film unfortunately presents no believable heroes to worship.
critique8322 Aside for being classic in the aspect of its cheesy lines and terrible acting this film should never be watched unless you are looking for a good cure for your insomnia. I can't imagine anyone actually thinking this was a "good movie."
critique8323 Films about the mundane are often the most interesting of all films to me in the hands of an insightful artist who examines all the twisted little details of the mundane. The French cinema seems to often be very good at this sort of thing and I love the French cinema.<br /><br />This film was about the mundane. It didn't have a much of a plot. It was just characters who lived in a town very normal people and stuff just happened. But it wasn't very interesting stuff and it wasn't examined very insightfully. The film did capture a bit of a mood but it wasn't a particularly captivating mood. And while I can't think of much that the film did specifically wrong it failed on just about every level to do anything right.<br /><br />There were a lot of characters in this film. A lot of them kind of looked alike so it was hard to figure out who was who and what were their relations to one another. I don't mind putting some effort into understanding a film or even watching an especially complex film more than one time to iron out the details but this one was a puzzle not worth the solving for me.<br /><br />The only good thing I can really say about this film is that the cinematography was pleasant--functional not brilliant but pleasant. The camera often captured some nice postcard-type shots. But it rarely found the really interesting little details.<br /><br />I've seen a handful of not-so-good films so far at the Seattle International Film Festival but this was the only one that failed to get any applause when the credits rolled. I sensed a big collective sigh of relief when the film was finally over. But I suppose there are probably some people out there who would like it.<br /><br />4/10
critique8324 The writers and creators of this film should actually be sued... For polluting the world with this crap! "Man In The Mirror" is in fact beyond horrible! Way way way beyond! <br /><br />...and people I'm not just saying that because I'm a Michael Jackson-fan! Or due to the fact that this is truly one of the most retarded depictions of his life I've ever encountered! <br /><br />I'm saying it because this is a waste of time money and celluloid! I feel ashamed of myself just having seen all of it! That's 1 hour and 26 min of my life I'll never get back! I'm telling you; watching grass grow is literally more entertaining than this film! <br /><br />Consider yourselves warned!
critique8325 <br /><br />This movie (not a film -- clearly recorded on a cheap cam-corder) may be one of the greatest cinematic stink-bombs in history. Beware: the packaging advertises the flick as an erotic exploration of sex-addiction. The film is not an exploration of anything and it is no more erotic than staring at one's own warts. The script is pointless and meandering with all plot elements serving as segways between supposed sex scenes. However even the sex scenes are lame lame lame. Except for the first they are around three seconds long (then again maybe my version was cut) and comically overwrought.<br /><br />If you are looking for a decent film you don't want this. If you are looking for a titillating sex-flick you don't want this. Whatever your life's goals desires or perspectives you do not want to watch this movie. How they got Rosanna Arquette Natashia Kinski and Ed Begly to act in this stink bomb is puzzling in the extreme.
critique8326 Quite what the producers of this appalling adaptation were trying to do is impossible to fathom.<br /><br />A group of top quality actors in the main well cast (with a couple of notable exceptions) who give pretty good performances. Penelope Keith is perfect as Aunt Louise and equally good is Joanna Lumley as Diana. All do well with the scripts they were given.<br /><br />So much for the good. The average would include the sets. Nancherrow is nothing like the house described in the book although bizarrely the house they use for the Dower House looks remarkably like it. It is clear then that the Dower House is far too big. In the later parts the writers decided to bring the entire story back to the UK presumably to save money although with a little imagination I have no doubt they could have recreated Ceylon.<br /><br />Now to the bad. The screenplay. This is such an appallingly bad adaptation is hard to find words to condemn it. Edward does not die in the battle of Britain but survives blinded. He makes a brief appearance then commits suicide - why?? Loveday has changed from the young woman totally in love with Gus to a sensible farmer's wife who can give up the love her life with barely a tear (less emotional than Brief Encounter). Gus a man besotted and passionately in love is prepared to give up his love without complaint. Walter (Mudge in the book) turns from a shallow unfaithful husband to a devoted family man. Jess is made into a psychologically disturbed young woman who won't speak. Aunt Biddy still has a drink problem but now without any justification. The Dower House is occupied by the army for no obvious reason other than a very short scene with Jess who has a fear of armed soldiers. Whilst Miss Mortimer's breasts are utterly delightful I could not see how their display on several occasions moved the plot forward. The delightfully named Nettlebed becomes the mundane Dobson. The word limit prevents me from continuing the list.<br /><br />There is a sequel (which I lost all interest in watching after this nonsense) and I wonder if the changes were made to create the follow on story. It is difficult to image that Rosamunde Pilcher would have approved this grotesque perversion of her book; presumably she lost her control when the rights were purchased.
critique8327 I haven't seen it in over twenty years. OJ was the bus driver Arte Johnson was the tour guide Lorenzo was the kidnapper.<br /><br />Yea Lorenzo looked very much at home as the villain a natural. I think I watched it back then most for OJ who I had seen Towering Inferno and Cassandra Crossing but also to see Arte Johnson.<br /><br />I was a little bored that Johnson was so serious.<br /><br />And yes it shifted plots. In reading other posts I remember that was some plot that they were going to kidnap some rich girl but then that priceless stamp business turned up out of the blue.<br /><br />I was going a stamp? If it came on as a late movie I would probably record it to check it out again but I wouldn't be nostalgic over it. Not yet anyway.<br /><br />There are better movies from the seventies like this to check out.
critique8328 Although I can see the potentially redeeming qualities in this film by way of it's intrigue I most certainly thought that the painfully long nature in the way the scene structure played out was too much to ask of most viewers. Enormous holes in the screenplay such as the never explained "your father died today" comment by the mother made it even harder to try to make sense of these characters.<br /><br />This won first place at Cannes in 2001 which is a shock considering. Perhaps the French had been starved for film noir that year and were desperate for something as sadistic as this film. I understood the long scenes as a device to keep the viewer as uncomfortable as possible but when matched with the inability to relate to the main character it went too far for me and kept me at arms distance from the story altogether.<br /><br />This is a film for only the most dedicated fan of film noir and one who expects no gratification from having watched a film once it's over. I LOVED movies such as "Trainspotting" or "Requiem for a Dream" - which were far more disturbing but at least gave the viewer something in the way of editing and pacing. To watch this teachers slow and painful silence scene after scene just became so redundant that I found it tedious - and I really wanted to like this film at every turn.
critique8329 We chose to see this movie as an alternative to The Polar Express showing at our local IMAX theater. What a waste of time and money! First it is not cute. The Snowman at times looked demonic. Other times he was simply a zombie. He showed no expression or emotions most of the time and his hollow blue eyes were just creepy.<br /><br />Secondly Santa states in the beginning it's a movie about the spirit of giving. Santa and a snowman declaring war on each other is a movie about giving? I'm all for a little parody but this just wasn't funny or entertaining.<br /><br />The idea that the Snowman's flute is his voice is different. Too bad you never see or hear the snowman play his flute...not even a "thank you" to Santa.<br /><br />The only funny parts of the movie were the "outtakes" at the end of the film. Too bad they didn't use them in the movie. It would have been better.
critique8330 This movie is the biggest waste of nine dollars that I've spent in a very very long time. If you knew how often I went to the movies you'd probably say that's hard to imagine but never-the-less it's true! After seeing the trailer for this movie I knew that I had to see it! If you're a fan of horror mystery and suspense why wouldn't you? The trailer is nothing less than intriguing and exciting; unfortunately the movie is none of these.<br /><br />From the cinematography to the script to the acting this movie is a complete flop. If you're reading this planning to go to the movie expecting some thrills mystery action horror or anything other than a waste of an hour and forty-five minutes I'm afraid you are in for disappointment.<br /><br />"Why is it so bad" you might be asking yourself. Let me tell you. The movie was neither mysterious nor suspenseful. Nothing about the movie made me the least bit "on edge" frightened or curious. The script was at best laughable. There were numerous times throughout the film where the dialogue was just so ridiculous I began to write it off as comic relief only to find out a few seconds later that it wasn't. The acting was absolutely dreadful. I like Nicholas Cage but this was a miss. Without exception every performance in this movie was incredibly below average. The cinematography was awful with not one moment of suspense or mystique. Finally the story is completely transparent. You can see the end of this movie coming a mile away.<br /><br />I am not usually a very harsh critic. Frankly when I go to see a comedy I want to laugh and when I go to see a mystery/suspense/horror I just want to be surprised. This movie was boring poorly acted poorly written and an overwhelming disappointment. Do yourself a favor and go see something else.
critique8331 Ed Gein: The Butcher of Plainfield is set in the small American town of Plainfield in Wisconsin during 1957 where loner Ed Gein (Kane Hodder) lives by himself on a farm after the death if his mother & brother. The local police have had a spate of grave robberies to deal with & when local barmaid Sue Layton (Ceia Coley) suspicions grow that something nasty is going on. Ed is a violent sexually deviant man who kidnaps girls & murders them will the police figure the truth out in time to save Erica (Adrienne Frantz) the Sheriff's (Timothy Oman) daughter...<br /><br />Written produced & directed by Michael Feifer this was an attempt to base a horror film around the true events surrounding notorious serial killer Ed Gein & turns out to be pretty crap. The real life Ed Gein was only ever convicted of two murders & died in 1984 but several films have been inspired by him including The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) Deranged (1974) & Ed Gein (2000) with this fairly recent addition possibly being the worst Gein film ever. Even though Ed Gein was real next to nothing in this film is based on fact Gein never had an accomplice none of his victims were related to any of the investigating officers there was no car crash victim although Gein keeps his name other people have had name changes the kidnapping & murder of the two women depicted here actually happened four years apart in reality but in this film it happens over the course of a couple of days & while here Gein is shown as a large hulking muscular man in reality he was a scrawny thin old & quite short. As a factual drama Ed Gein: The Butcher of Plainfield is worthless & as pure entertainment it's no better with a deadly dull pace & feel to it the character's are all boring & when he isn't killing someone Gein is shown working or just walking around & it's very dull. There's no suspense because we know who the killer is & it's just a tedious wait until he gets caught at the end. There is no real attempt to get into Gein's mind with the makers giving him no more motivation than him occasionally having hallucinations of his domineering mother.<br /><br />There isn't much gore here there's a scene with a woman hanging on a meat-hook there's a really badly edited scene of Gein cutting a leg off there's the usual jars of bodily organs & skulls lying around as well as a bit of blood but there's really not much here to get excited about. The film was obviously processed to bleach a lot of the colour out of the picture as it's not far off black and white at times I personally think the lack of colour makes it even duller to sit through.<br /><br />With a supposed budget of about $1500000 I can't really see where the money went in a very forgettable production. Although set in Wisconsin this was filmed in California. Kane Hodder is all wrong for the role of Ed Gein just from a physical point of view Hodder doesn't look even remotely like Gein & he gives a pretty poor performance to as he just stares at the camera a lot making silly faces.<br /><br />Ed Gein: The BUtcher of Plainfield is crap & it's as simple & straightforward as that. As either a factual drama or pure exploitation entertainment this is total tripe from start to finish with nothing to recommend it.
critique8332 I appeared as an extra and was on location as a journalist covering "The Dain Curse". My involvement was during the segments of this film shot in Jim Thorpe Pa. (Jim Thorpe was also one of the locations of the 1969 film "The Molly Maguires"). I reported the 'action' in the Emmaus Free Press newspaper where I was editor 1978-80 (the paper ceased publication int he 1990s). I recall the excellent attention to detail of the period costumes automobiles etc. The modern asphalted streets of Jim Thorpe were covered with gravel to mimic a 1920s rural town of the south. At the time I interviewed the producer and spoke briefly with the director during a set change break; I did not get to interview James Coburn which was always a great disappointment to me. As an aside I appear briefly in one of the street scenes wearing a snap- brim hat and a tweed jacket. The producer asked me to "jump in" and it was a real thrill. I still have a collection of black and white stills I took of the production work for the newspaper. Someday they may be of interest to film/television historians.--Lou Varricchio
critique8333 This only gets bashed because it stars David Hasselhoff. Well then let me bash it to. Compared to the garbage they call horror coming out nowadays this film isn't too bad. It has the beautiful Leslie Cumming. She is super hot but can't talk very well. There is a great scene with her when she is supernaturally raped. She shows off her nice body. Linda Blair does nothing here as well as Hasselhoff. 3/10
critique8334 Anyone who has read my review for Uwe Boll's "Alone In The Dark" will remember that I compared the unenviable task of sitting through that piece of human waste to having each and every hair on your arm pulled out. Well take that analogy a step further with this irredeemable gutter trash and try to imagine the pain of getting your teeth extracted without novacaine. Do that and you'll have a general idea of what Eli Roth's "Cabin Fever" is all about.<br /><br />I never believed any one film was capable of topping the sheer agonizing dreck that Uwe Boll cranks out as the "worst film ever made." But in all honesty I have to say "Cabin Fever" comes very close. This is yet another sad excuse for a motion picture that had absolutely no valid reason to meet with any form of theatrical release. For somebody who claims to love the horror genre as much as Eli Roth does he has created the single most annoying and convoluted patchwork of a movie I think I have ever seen in my entire life. How do you screw up a story like this? Think of the potential this plot would have had without the poorly written characters without the bad writing and without all that unnecessary and unfunny comedy. A movie dealing with a grotesque flesh-eating virus could and should have been so much better than what Roth dished out for us here. This script failed on so many levels with me. And while I do not doubt the evident talent this director possesses I do know that he fumbled the ball big time on an idea that could very well have redefined the horror genre.<br /><br />To say this was a production of missed opportunities would indeed be a gross play on words. A generous amount of blood and unsettling special effects can't even save it and that is one element I normally go for. There really was nothing about "Cabin Fever" that I could easily recommend to anybody. When three quarters of the crowd walks out of the theater halfway through you know the movie is sinking fast. My best advice to those reading this would be to simply rent before purchasing. One viewing was more than enough for me to know that I will most likely never bother with it again.
critique8335 this film sucks a big one. so many holes in the plot. if the devil is invincible why does he require the protection of arnies bodyguards? I couldn't fathom why arnie didn't turn up for work for several days and then suddenly appears takes their entire armoury and disappears again!! Nice work if you can get it. It's sad that the last 1/2 hour has to result in the standard arnie 'uzi 9mm' finale. Arnies interpretation of a depressed cop is to bow his head and sniff. i thought he had a bad cold for most of the film. Dreadfully scripted Arnie is called 'buddy' 'dude' etc for 95% of the film and then suddenly we hear him being called by his real name of Jericho Cane (where do they get these names from??). The ending is so twee you'd better get the barf bag ready. Shame that Gladiator pulled off the same ending with 100% more class.<br /><br />
critique8336 The beginning of this movie had me doubting that it would be little more than a typical B sci-fi flick. But as it progressed I began to get interested and I saw the whole thing through. The premise is interesting original and has the makings of making a classic. Alas it instead ended up a mediocre movie done in by the usual factors which turn a potentially good movie into a bad movie (bad acting low budget etc.). I'm interested to see how this would turn out if it were remade with good actors and a big hollywood budget.
critique8337 I have no idea what these people were thinking when they made this film. No plot very limited action and what is with the 3rd person commentary throughout the film???? Instead of running around the planet to shoot on all of these locations they should have spent some money on script writing and actors. What acting there was was lousy. This was 90 minutes of my life I will never be able to get back. I should bill the director for the cost of renting this film. To the director and the writers of this film....please quit now. This film should have a tag on the front of it saying beware of boredom. The only good thing I can say about this film is the computer generation. It's OK as generation is. This movie should never have a sequel....ever.
critique8338 **** MILD SPOILERS _ BUT YOU PROBABLY KNOW THE PLOT ****<br /><br />Woman gets raped and decides to take out her rage on all of mankind . Oh did I mention the rape victim was mute ? That`s the problem with MS 45  Thana the rape victim decides she`s going to kill men but is there any logical explanation to any of this ? Surely the whole film would have better if we had Thana give a voice over as to why she`s bumping off any man she comes across ? There`s just not enough development to this plot<br /><br />As you`d expect from a film by Ferrara it`s not a complete waste of time . it`s far better than I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE and pseudo intellectuals will have a field day pointing out the irony of the woman holding a knife like a penis as Thana goes on a killing spree at the end . But the script is somewhat silly and underdeveloped and hinders any serious comment the film could have made
critique8339 In my opinion the movie was laughable--bad dialogue. Whoever wrote the script--please keep your day job. It's definitely NO Godfather or Goodfellas. It's good to be on the otherside of the table--poor choice of words. Some of the characters were clowns. But what do you expect from a low budget movie with no name actors.
critique8340 First off I'd like to point out that Sam Niel is nowhere to be seen in this film. What's a movie without Sam Niel. Did anyone see Event Horizon. D-Wars did have potential a movie about a dragon that controls lizards with rocket launchers does sound cool but sadly isn't. Nope no Sam Niel no good movie. I recommend taking the 5 dollars or so it takes to rent D-Wars and adding 10 to that five and buying a Sam Niel film- apparently to submit this i have to have ten lines of text so heres a list of Sam Niel movies i recommend<br /><br />-jurassic park -dead calm -hunt for red October -event horizon -not jurassic park three<br /><br />overall D-Wars is a pile
critique8341 I love this movie. Even though I rated it a "4" that's because the acting the plot and the budget were all slated to the "B" universe even before this movie was released. But that's OK! It is an entertaining film that has a lot to offer! <br /><br />I remember what Leonard Maltin said about "Plan 9 From Outer Space": a film so bad that it's great! Lacking the UFO - alien plot The Thing the Couldn't Die relies on the supernatural (divination a buried head looking for it's body hypnosis etc) to tell it's story. The acting is stilted the camera work second class and the settings are limited but boy! what a movie! This film is available in the bootleg market. If you find a copy buy it!
critique8342 When I went and saw this movie I had great expectations. But I had so wrong. This movie was exactly as every other horror movies. It's a virus zombies etc. Exactly as Resident Evil and many many other movies. But the difference with this and other movies is that the story is very week. It's bad actors and boring music. The photo is OK but the rest is total crap. Don't see this "horror" movie go and see the Ring 2 or any other movie who's much more of a story. I hope they will stop making horror movies who has a virus and the virus spread and make people to zombies. We have seen enough of that. The only good thing in the movie is when they are standing at a roof and shoot famous infected celebrities.
critique8343 This movie was recommended to me by several people and after reading all the positive comments from this site I went ahead and bought a copy of the film off ebay. The acting in the film is average and a bit hammy especially by the family of cannibals one sequence comes to mind when Jupiter is ranting and raving to the burnt corpse speaking right into the camera. Its one of those performances where you just cringe and feel bad for that poor actor. Its also evidence of some of the worst editing I've seen theres a terrible jump cut right in the middle of his "speech". There are a few creepy moments though and at times the music works well...but overall the film isnt that great and I dont know why people think Wes Craven is that great of a director. Thus far he hasn't showed me anything that I believe to be brilliant the only thing that improved with Cravens films production to prodution was his budget.
critique8344 this is a terrible terrible film!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />first of all TOOO long. the longest movie i have ever seen.<br /><br />the stories are all too Damn Over the Top!!!!<br /><br />as a matter of fact there are too many stories that the Story line is Ruined.<br /><br />the comedy wasn't Comedy!!!!! it wasn't funny at all....<br /><br />the story is so repulsive and badly written that it doesnot matter if the characters live or die.......<br /><br />i had some expectations from this movie......... but my expectations were crashed completely in the first few minutes......<br /><br />the only thing good about this movie is the MUSIC...... and obviously Vidya Balan. she gives the best performance and stands out among all the senior actors...... she's just a new comer and yet she shines and makes the rest of the cast look so Pathetic!!!!! Govinda and the Blonde who playes his love interest also help saving this Disastrous movie. Govinda perfectly fits in the role of the Taxi driver. and the Blonde also gives a very subtle and consistent performance....<br /><br />another Talented actress Ayesha Takiya is completely wasted in this movie!!!! so is priyanka!!!!!!!!! Akshay does his role well but it seemed too over the top!!!!! Anil and Juhi are also totally wasted......<br /><br />the only one not wasted is Salman Because he has No Talent what so ever to be wasted!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />all in all this is a very Impossible movie with Mishmashed screenplay and TOOO Masladar that the storyline is shaped according to the stupid comedy scenes. imagine how stupid this movie is!!!!!!<br /><br />3/10 it is four hours long!!!! think and RETHINK before going to the cinemas!!!!! better Avoid it!!!!!
critique8345 It's hard to comment on this movie. It's one of the few movies Dimension actually has not shelved (it's hard to come up with a reason why) and it was rushed into a an unimpressive 500 theaters it's opening day. Maybe Dimension was afraid of how people would respond to a swamp creature using his tow truck to pull a house apart piece by piece.<br /><br />Ray Sawyer is just a tow truck driver until he rescues a Voodoo priestess from a bad car accident and in return he gets attacked by a bag full of snakes and drowns. At the morgue Ray comes back to life and stalks a group of teenagers who witnessed the awful crash occur. <br /><br />What brings this movie down is it's paper thin characters. I didn't care for one moment about any of them. Also the dialog was less than ho-hum. Also it was very predictable. Characters did the typical stupid horror movie character things like check creaky noises call out people's names and trip on a rock while being chased. I also could immediately pick out who the final girl would be. And why did the camera have those quick white flashes whenever somebody died or whenever the killer was shown?<br /><br />What's good? Well there is an impressive suspense scene where the killer walks underneath swamp waters to get to his victims and a tense sequence where the final girl must camouflage herself with bunch of other dead bodies while the killer looks on.<br /><br />But other than that It's another August/September disappointment. I was looking forward to it but I did not get what was expected.
critique8346 Flat soulless computer images on less than astonishing backgrounds animates a horribly predictable story in this film. Absolutely nothing takes you by surprise you can even tell when the Bryan Adams vocals are going to come in which are always at the wrong time.<br /><br />The main character Spirit the horse is given an annoying voice when he narrates what is happening. The narration is not needed though as everything happening is really obvious. You can even tell what the horses are saying although all they do is neigh. Which would be good but all the horses make exactly the same sounds - one for warning one for sorrow one for laughing etc. There is no variation between the horses' voices.<br /><br />Young kids might like this film though. It's soppy enough for a family to sit down and watch and there's little danger of anyone being frightened. If you have nothing else to do and want to watch a film with your kids this isn't a bad choice.<br /><br />But otherwise this isn't recommended.
critique8347 Having just finished reading the book "One of a Kind" a week ago I was thinking "This would make a great movie especially now when people know a little about poker and poker players". I was totally shocked to find it while browsing at the video store last night. I had no idea someone had actually turned this into a film. I grabbed it immediately and watched with much anticipation. What a major letdown!<br /><br />All of the intriguing things about Stu Ungar were skimmed over quickly and instead I was left with a biopic that could have been about anybody. Ungar may have been a burnt-out jerk but he was also a brilliant thinker that could read people instinctively. That is what made him so fascinating. Why not focus on that?<br /><br />And talk about watering down the real truth. This guy was excessive about absolutely everything: drugs women gambling starvation sleep-deprivation. He gambled on sporting events from dusk to dawn he would go missing for days while hanging out in crack dens his body was perpetually emaciated and yet if he ever needed money he could always beat just about anyone at will playing cards. Now that's a story!<br /><br />Too much time spent on his childhood and personal relationships (although his ties with "Vincent" and his daughter were hardly touched on) and hardly anything about his drugs use (which was exorbitant) his insane gambling and his incredible card-playing abilities.<br /><br />Probably too late now but I hope someone remakes this film properly. I had no problem with Imperioli. He is excellent. The script just left him with nothing interesting to say.
critique8348 How does a Scotsman in a kilt make love in the bonny purple heather? Veryvery carefully.Now I have the distinct advantage over many other of the reviewers in that I was born in Scotland.Far too many Americans take this simplistic nonsense seriously.It's a jokepeople"four legs good - two legs bad"as Orwell had it. Jessica Lange has an accent that the Wells - next - the - sea Amateur Dramatic Society's production of "Brigadoon" would turn down. Liam Neeson - apparently popular with the ladies - wears his kilt with all the authority of a man whose Great Grandmama once stepped off the train at Edinburgh Waverley. And the Auld Enemy?Where would the Scots be without them to hate and blame for everything?Messrs RothCox and Hurt should be ashamed for indulging in such racist stereotyping. "Robin Hood - Prince of thieves" seems a masterpiece of historical accuracy in comparison.And at least Alan Rickman was funny.
critique8349 First I should mention that I really enjoyed ISHII Katsuhito's previous film "Samehada Otoko to Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Although it owed a debt to Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction" Ishii's cast was up to the task of carrying the story and the entire film crackled with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were particularly engaging. There was action intrigue bizarre characterizations enough sex to keep things interesting and an utterly unpredictable story line.<br /><br />So it was with a certain amount of anticipation and optimism that I began to watch "Party 7". And my enthusiasm was certainly piqued with the opening credits which left my wife and I actually stunned by how dynamic and exciting they were; the mix of anime and live-action work was brilliant! Then the actual movie started. Actually it didn't so much "start" as sort of shuffle in the side door and stand there fumbling through its pockets looking uncomfortable.<br /><br />The entire film takes place in three rooms. One is a futuristic voyeur's paradise (borrowed a bit from "Shark Skin Man...") another is a travel agent's office and the third (and far the most used) is a seedy hotel room. In that room a cast of seven characters meets and...does approximately nothing. Really. I'm no stranger to "talking" films. One of my all-time favorites is "My Dinner with Andre" the talkiest of all talking films. "My Dinner with Andre" is far more exciting and it just has two middle-aged men discussing their lives over dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The cast of "Party 7" literally just whine at each other for the entire film. "No you don't!" "Yes I do!" "No you really don't!" "Yes I really do!" "No you really really don't!" Yes I really..." you get the idea I hope. I wish the directer had.<br /><br />"Party 7 is an unbelievably unengaging film. There is only the flimsiest of plots (money stolen from the Yakuza just like in "Shark Skin Man...") accompanied by almost no action. There is no interesting dialog. The characters are largely uninteresting. It was as if Ishii took the throwaway conversational moments from Tarentino's films and built an entire film around them. But Tarentino's conversations always have their own internal logic and wit ("They call it a 'Royale with cheese'"). Not so with the dialog here which is duller than you can imagine. If it weren't for the brief hilarious cameo from Gashuin (who is always marvelous) and a low-key performance from the awesome ASANO Tadanobu I would've given "Party 7" a single star. It really was chore to make it all the way through.
critique8350 Beloved tale of hero "Benji" ("Higgins" the dog) who is many different things to many different people. In his busy day "Benji" grabs breakfast at the house of two young children has a chat with an officer of the law chases an old lady's cat and reminds an aging cafÃƒÂ© owner to start on the day's special. Helper to some amusement to others he is companion to all.<br /><br />Trouble arises when his young friends are kidnapped and taken to the abandoned mansion that he calls home. From here on we know only "Benji" can save the day.<br /><br />Plot is routine from writer/producer/director Joe Camp and he does tend to over do the slow motion effects. Audiences though will find it hard to resist the lovable little pooch and kids of all ages are sure to adore him. Cast were never going to be anything but background to "Benji".<br /><br />Not what you'd call inspired but fun family fare. Academy Award nominee for "Benji's" theme "I Feel Love".<br /><br />Saturday July 13 1996 - Video
critique8351 This is so embarrassing. It's a REMAKE of The Wedding Singer which happens to be my favorite movie which gives me another reason to disapprove of this film. It has the same plot same jokes same characters. Jeez people need to be more original.
critique8352 Billed as a romantic comedy set against the early years of WWII it fails to deliver. The problem is that while beautifully photographed it has no consistent story line or narrative. Starting as a murder mystery it offers no hope to its actors as it meanders through recent history. Depardieu is wasted in a trivial role he obviously is not comfortable with playing. Adjani cannot carry the picture. The hero is not; obviously an imitation of a Hitchcock "wrongly accused" role it lacks balance. Neither heroic comic nor suspenseful.<br /><br />This could have been a good film. I am reminded of "The Lady Vanishes" which did combine suspense romance and comedy in a serious film dealing with fascism.
critique8353 I saw this movie a long time ago... luckily it was for free. I have to be one of the maybe twenty people who saw this movie in the theater. I don't remember a whole bunch of it but I do remember I was incredibly bored the plot made no sense and when I came out of the theater the only thing I could say was at least now I know what the worst movie I ever saw was. I just was incredibly bothered by one thing: if they can make the temperature as they approach the sun low enough for humans to survive why can't they turn it down to a comfortable temperature instead of being all hot and sweaty? How stupid do they think we are?
critique8354 At the end of "Dragon Heat" all I could think of was why I bothered sitting through the whole thing.<br /><br />The film's premise is interesting and that - as well as Maggie Q - is what attracted me to the film in the first place. But was I ever disappointed. Writer-director Daniel Lee can't hold a candle to the likes of John Woo Ringo Lam and Corey Yuen.<br /><br />This has to be one of the most annoyingly-directed films I have ever seen. Lee is so wrapped up in his visual style - and I use that phrase incredibly loosely - that he fills the film with completely needless black-and-white stills freeze frames slow-motion fast-motion and other visual nonsense. I suppose he did all that to make up for the lack of a good story or dialogue.<br /><br />The action scenes are nothing special and play out like some hopped-up music video more than anything else. There is little to care about any of the characters - including two supposedly professional snipers who couldn't hit the broad side of a barn from the inside! - who are then laden with some of the cheesiest dialogue I have seen in one of these Hong Kong actioners.<br /><br />The plot is devoid of any twists and turns - from the initial set-up everything unfolds in predictable fashion - and Lee feels the need to keep reminding us of the characters' back stories in case we didn't get it the first several times. This is awfully amateurish writing and film-making and wastes the talents of Sammo Hung Michael Biehn and Maggie Q. Though to be frank I am hard-pressed to remember Biehn being in any good film that was not directed by James Cameron.<br /><br />If you really are in the mood for a great Hong Kong actioner you are much better off sticking to some of the staples - John Woo's "The Killer" (1989) and "Hard-Boiled" (1992) Ringo Lam's "City on Fire" (1987) - which Quentin Tarantino stole for "Reservoir Dogs" (1992) - or his "Point Blank" (1967) remake "Full Contact" (1992). Or even check out Yuen's "So Close" (2002) a supremely entertaining yet preposterous popcorn flick. And there's always the terrific French police actioner "The Nest" (2002).<br /><br />True most if not all are a bit over-the-top but they were films that remain exciting thrilling and even suspenseful. They have characters we care about and mind-blowing action sequences.<br /><br />"Dragon Heat" on the other hand is just terribly mediocre. The trouble is that Lee has not made a bad action film he has made a dull one.
critique8355 I have watched this movie on and off since it started playing about 1 hour ago and i have to say thats an hour of my life i wasted and will not be getting back The acting is crap and the scripts need a serious look at and whoever wrote them needs to be slapped perhaps the TV will explode and put me out of my misery..... The only good thing about this movie is that for guys and girls it has some good eye candy in it though most of which i wish would disappear as far as the movie is concerned the special effects as sh*t Dante? who thinks a guy dressed in skin tight leather pants and half a leather jacket is scary he looks more feminine than most of the women in this movie the voice of Dante is pathetic nobody finds it threatening or scary AT ALL..... please TV i beg you to blow up!!!!!!!!!!
critique8356 This documentary film is based on incomplete considerations of the evidence in which Brian Flemming perhaps purposely fails to mention important evidence to the contrary. Perhaps his most crucial mistake is one of the earliest: His claims concerning the invalidity of Paul's testimony about Jesus Christ disregard key facts like: **The existence of some formulated creeds within Paul's letters. These creeds suggest that most of the central claims about Jesus were already formulated into statements of faith possibly within a few years of Christ's death and resurrection. **The testimonies of the early Christians can't just be tossed out as mere fantasy. There were indeed many people claiming to be the Messiah during that period but only ONE of them has remained: Jesus. Why? Because it would have been preposterous for anyone to have actually believed Christ was the messiah and go on to die for those beliefs if they knew that he had not been resurrected. **Even if the Gospels are dated more liberally we are still talking about accounts of Jesus written within the lifetimes of other eyewitnesses that would have pointed out inaccuracies in these Gospels. And there is evidence that the Gospels were written much earlier. <br /><br />What I am saying is that Flemming's documentary is an incredibly biased and self-serving piece of work that hodge podges different arguments and evidence to serve his anti-Christian view. Don't be fooled by poor investigation.
critique8357 Having decided some time ago to collect the films of Billy Bob Thornton (on the strength of class movies like "Sling Blade" "A Simple Plan" and "The Man Who Wasn't There" amongst others) it was inevitable that there would be the odd turkey in there. What I didn't realise however was that there could be one THIS bad. I'll give you an idea how incredibly poor this film is - the funniest dialogue in it goes like this: "Knock Knock" "Who's there?" "The big stinking man" "The big stinking man who?" "The big stinking man - is YOU!". Yes folks it really is that bad. Billy Bob is only in it for about two minutes (I guess he needed the work at that time in his career) and the rest of the movie is painful. For some reason though although it's undeniably awful I don't hate it. That's probably because I save my ire for any high budget special effects laden junk like "The Fast and the Furious" and not a "no-budget" flick like this one. 2/10 at a push.
critique8358 I think it's a great movie!! It's fun maybe a little unrealistic but fun and dramatic!! I would like to see it again if they were showing it in TV!! Just 1 question: Are we still talking about the same movie???
critique8359 Technically speaking this movie sucks...lol. However it's also hilarious. Whether or not it's intentionally funny I don't know. Horrible in every aspect it also is the only movie I know of that has 1) a fat kid being played by a slim actor in a (very obvious) fat suit 2) an attractive 30-something actress playing a character who's supposed to be in her late 60's and 3) the most compliments for plastic yard daisies ever. Don't take this film seriously just watch it for laughs....a great party movie.
critique8360 I had the unlucky experience of stumbling upon a preview for this movie and thought it might be interesting. I am a fan of the two main actors and I even find Meatloaf to be oddly appealing but that couldn't compensate for the droning plot of this movie. This movie attempts to make social comments and be artfully intelligent. I am sure the audience gets the sociological message clearly but has to suffer in the process. Personally no matter how bad the movie is I can't stop it in the middle. Something drives me to finish the worst of movies but I often regret it. This is one of those...
critique8361 This TV movie goes to show that bad films do exist. The only reason I saw this was it was covered on a KTMA MST3K. It's Super Bowl at the Superdome in New Orleans. However no football is played whatsoever and we see the behind the scenes look at basically nothing. With the many stars in this film it made no difference. I really don't know why I watched this.
critique8362 Please If you're thinking about renting this movie don't. If you're thinking of watching a couple of downloaded clips don't. If I had my way nobody would even have to read this summary.<br /><br />The acting despite being one fo the high points of the movie was still pathetic. The director was probaly a sadist. The witty one liners were something you'd expect from a room of highly paid anti-social 7 year olds that eat paint-chips for breakfast.<br /><br />The problem with this movie is that it tries to be a movie like "Evil Dead 2"(do not under any circumstances associate these 2 movies) in that it's so bad it's funny. But it also tries to be funny at the same time and fails so overwhelmingly to do so that your sense of humor is left too crippled to do anything but set off your gag reflex in an attmept to save itself.<br /><br />I could go on for much much more detailing just how awful it really was but I think it would strip me of my will to live just to continue to think about it. If you need me I'll be off trying to boil myself so that I might feel clean again...
critique8363 In the bygone days of the Catholic Church a sin-eater was an individual that through ritual would take the sins of a dying person upon themselves. Often these people were excommunicate or similar individuals who the church would not absolve thereby denying them entrance into Heaven. The sin-eaters were seen as blasphemous circumventing the chruch's monopoly on redemption. Sex this up a bit with some overt supernatural mojo let the concept wander where it may and you have "The Order" a movie that combines "Stigmata"'s religious anti-authoritarianism "The X-Files"' paranormal investigation and "The Thorn Birds"' sexual spirituality into an odd melange that sometimes works.<br /><br />Alex (Heath Ledger) is a rogue priest one of the last members of the Order of the Carolingians a semi-heretical order of knowledge-seeking demon-fighting priests. When Alex's mentor is found dead under bizarre circumstances Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Tagging along are fellow Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman) who was subject to one of Alex's exorcisms a year prior. The three go to Rome to investigate and are drawn into a dark underworld of bizarre Catholic heresy ominous prophecies demonic intrusions and a man claiming to be the last surviving Sin-Eater (Benno Furmann).<br /><br />Written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same principals on the scattershot and half-hearted "A Knight's Tale") the film is an odd one and difficult to classify. It wants to be several things at once -- supernatural thriller religious intrigue dramatic television pilot -- and only sometimes succeeds at any of them. This isn't helped by the slow pace or the fact that most of the actors seem to be sleepwalking through their performances with occasional bursts of brilliance. Ledger in particular has a particularly stunning scene of despair in an otherwise monochromatic performance. Sossman however displayed the same disconnected performance that she's given in all of her films (most notably in "The Rules Of Attraction").<br /><br />The plot itself meanders back and forth between several different story arcs leading you to wonder which is the main one with each arc containing its share of red herrings. Large gaps of narrative appear to be lost between scenes at times which can be confusing for many but this is also one of the film's saving graces. The structure of the film -- coupled by the fact that there is never a truly clear antagonist until the very end of the film -- forces the viewer to analyze and reason in a time when most films are blatantly obvious about everything (the exception to this is historical background on the Carolingians and the practice of sin-eating both of which are explained in dry exposition). Even at the beginning of the film character relationships and history are inferred instead of explained. Combine this with the on-location shooting and judicious use of special effects and you have a very old-world supernatural thriller with even the opening credits reminiscent of something from the late 70's/early 80's.<br /><br />A brief mention here as well for the subtle and organic score by David Torn a combination of minimalist orchestration and Lisa Gerrard-style exotic vocals. A very nice score that is evocative without being bombastic and exists in a very deceptive simplicity.<br /><br />A confusing plot a lack of purpose and sometimes sleepy performances would often damn a movie but for some reason "The Order" remains watchable. Many people will be very turned off by the movie for its odd sensibilities and some may even become angry that they are forced to engage the higher functions of their brain to understand it. Still the film's sheer intangibility will prevent it from being either a critical or commercial success until the DVD which I'm sure will be stocked with copious amounts of deleted scenes. A recommended film only for people who like to think while they watch. 6 out of 10.
critique8364 This is a very famous Ninja movie but it isn't a nice movie. If you want to see some ninjas and some figures want to know some things about Ninjas see this movie. This movie only for ninja fans and who wants to make nostalgia.<br /><br />First 20 minutes and last 20 minutes of the movie are best. You can just see Ninja figures and fight in this scenes. Between these are below the average nearly bad as a movie. Acting is bad. Sho (black ninja) is the best actor in this movie. Frank Nero is a good actor and charismatic but he cannot fight good. Scenario is also not good. Its so simple. Franko Nero comes near to his best  old friend from army and war. He also protects him from mafia but he is having sex ( go to bed ) with his wife and his friend knows this but don't say anything to Nero negative. Is this possible in life ? What a friendship !<br /><br />Finally this movie started a genre ; Ninja movies. Also there is the ninja master Sho Kasugi but some fighting scenes are not realistic and not fast even with shoo. This film is below the average even it is a classic.
critique8365 The guy did a lot of title design for a bunch of movies and I guess one day he said; I should pick a cheap scenario try to put as much title in it as a can ( cause after all i'm a title designer ) and try to persuade people that this is in fact a movie. One of the worst i've even seen that's for sure. If you fell the urge to see nice titles go check out some posters don't waste your time watching this.<br /><br />It kinda ironic don't you think did you saw the poster? the only part of his project that SHOULD had title work done have almost none !
critique8366 This film was the worst film I have ever seen. It was a complete waste of money. If I had not been in the cinema was my two young cousins (who also thought it was disappointing but not as terrible as I thought) I would have left the cinema. There were two points in the film that I almost laughed but the rest of it was either boring ridiculous or painful. I thought it would be a spoof on all superhero movies (which I love) but in fact it was mainly based on Spiderman with a few oblique references to other superhero movies such as Fantastic Four and Batman. I really cannot think of one good thing to say about this film. Do not waste your money with this film-there are many other better films out there!
critique8367 One previous reviewer called this film "pure visual joy" I am wondering if s/he saw the same film that I did. "High Art" had to have the most relentlessly depressing interiors since "Seven". One can almost forgive Sheedy and Mitchell for the clichÃƒÂ© of going to a B&B for their First Time. Of course before they do that one has to watch opium-den parties inhabited by people who are not apparently gainfully employed but can somehow support a flourishing drug habit. Not to mention the icy stares from those familiar movie types the Girlfriend/Boyfriend At Start who are well aware they're going to be thrown over sometime in the next 100 minutes or so. The movie also states that the Sheedy character has retired from professional photography for ten years now. What did she do retire at age twenty?
critique8368 Mike Hawthorne(Gordon Currie)is witness to the brutal murder of his mother and suicide of his father Morty(Jon Fedele). Twenty years later Mike gathers a group of his friends to his family's cabin in the woods for a Halloween party. While playing a game where the guests confess and confront their worst fears...Mike tries to summon the spirit of his late father. It is soon discovered that Morty's spirit inhabits a wooden Indian in the cabin. The statue comes to life and the blood bath begins.<br /><br />Most of the F/X are not very convincing and the movie takes on a cheap teen slasher theme. Stale story pitifully acted. Cast members of note are: Kelly Benson Phillip Rhys Emmanuelle Vaugier Byron Chief-Moon and veteran actress Betsy Palmer.
critique8369 Linda Arvidson (as Jennie) and Harry Solter (as Frank) are enjoying a romantic tryst when in walks her father Charles Inslee; furious he chases Mr. Solter out of the house. Undaunted he goes to her balcony and begs her to elope. Ms. Arvidson is agreeable and goes to pack. Then burglar George Gebhardt arrives to rob the place. Though he doesn't get much in the way of booty thieving Gebhardt manages to use Arvidson's trunk to escape from the policeÃ‚Â… <br /><br />A Contrived Comedy. Note during the balcony scene Solter goes off-camera so burglar Gebhardt can enter the house undetected. And Arvidson travels very light since there appears to be nothing in her heavy trunk; perhaps she just wanted to buff up beau Solter? Director D.W. Griffith Robert Harron and Florence Lawrence are illustrious extras. <br /><br />** A Calamitous Elopement (8/7/08) D.W. Griffith ~ George Gebhardt Linda Arvidson Harry Solter
critique8370 **SPOILERS** With the title of the film having the name of the killer fish twice not once you would expect to see them in action attack biting ripping and eating up almost everyone in the cast of characters. Instead you have to wait until the movie is almost over for you to get as much as a glimpse of the Piranahs. Even then all you see is the water bubbling and stirring around as a poor individual disappears under it assuming that he's being eaten whole and alive by the fish.<br /><br />The movie "Piranha Piranha" starts with this scary looking Piranha on the screen as the credits start rolling down but****SPOILER****that's the only time in the movie that you ever get to see the killer fish or fishes you never get to see a Piranha is the movie again. What you do see is a travelogue of Venezuela and it's people and the Venezuelan jungle along the Amazon River basin. Together with a lot of nice and breathtaking photography of the landscape as well as the people and wildlife but that's about all.<br /><br />There is some kind of a story that has to do with this great White Hunter Caribe William Smith which ironically means Piranha in the native language spoken there is this what the title of the film "Piranha Piranha" really meant? "Caribe Caribe"! The person Caribe is played by legendary Hollywood Hell's Angles biker and all around tough guy William Smith.<br /><br />At the beginning of the movie this trio of American tourists Jim Pendrake and his sister Terry Peter Bown & Ahna Capri and their American guide Art Green Tom Simcox are on their way into the Venezuelan jungles to go sight-seeing with Terry taking photos to send back home. Terry is terrified of guns as we learn that as a young girl saw her father get his head blown off by a gun. Even when Art saves her life using one when see's attack by a six foot long diamondback rattlesnake Terry almost belts him for having a gun; which he promised her he wouldn't take along with him on the trip.<br /><br />At a jungle rest stop or bar the three run into Caribe who we first saw catching monkey's in the jungle at the start of the movie. Caribe makes himself more then welcomed by the three with his knowledge of the jungle and his half-baked philosophy about life and death as well as his ability to get them where their going to the local diamond mines deep in the Amazon basin.<br /><br />Even though a bit strange at first the guy is so in to himself that he doesn't seem to notice that there are any people around him Caribe turns out to be a swell and likable guy engaging in a long and friendly motorcycle race through the swamps and jungle with Art. Caribe even shows Terry who at one time in the movie almost knocked his teeth out the fine points of hunting and shooting wild game that he believes don't really die but become a part of him after he kills them! A bit crazy but you have to admit this guy's got imagination. <br /><br />It's much later in the movie that for some strange reason maybe it was the cheap booze that he was drinking Caribe suddenly goes insane and become homicidal attacking and raping Terry and then murdering her enraged brother and feeding him to the deadly Piranha's. Trying to escape from the rampaging lunatic and then being forced to have to fight it out with him Art gets beaten up so savagely by the dirty-fighting Caribe that he's almost left unconscious. Just when Caribe's about to finally kill Art he's shot to death by Terry who after experiencing what this insane nut-job is all about finally decided that guns are indeed very necessary and should be used to kill on very rare but life-saving occasions.<br /><br />Worth watching if worth watching at all only for the scenery and nothing else. It's just a shame that the movie has to advertise as a killer fish or Piranha horror movie when if it was honest about itself it could have been a more or less average jungle adventure flick with Smith he does have the build for it playing Tarzan of the Venezuelan not African Jungle
critique8371 Mild spoilers below.<br /><br />The prospect of war was clearly on the horizon when TFW was filmed. From the opening scene of European refugees to the final prediction that Naziism will be the death of millions of Germans this movie is as much a propaganda film as the films made after Pearl Harbor. There isn't a lot of entertainment value here though the footage of the dust bowl is interesting to those of us who aren't old enough to remember it. The rest of the plot is pretty forgettable with the Herr Docktor Coburn - with a pretty bad accent - and daughter assimilating into America with Wayne's help. Other than the dust bowl scenes the only memorable aspect of the movie is one best viewed with hindsight. Coburn's speech comparing Naziism to a malignancy worse than cancer and describing the (then current) successes as a momentary outburst of energy from a patient right before death were eerily accurate and Varno's Dr. Scherer played accurately to post war newsreel footage of unrepentant Nazis justifying their actions.<br /><br />When viewed from a historical perspective some aspects of TFW are interesting. If you look at it for entertainment outside of the WWII perspective you'd have to say this is one of Wayne's less successful efforts.
critique8372 I don't recall walking out of a movie theater except this once. Not only that but I was with 7 friends and we all wanted to go. An uninteresting plot characters made of clay violence with no point. I didn't care when the good guys died; I didn't care when the bad guys got it. The fantasy and magic was laid on thick as liver pudding and there was no coherency. In short fine entertainment if you happen to be spending an eternity in Hell.
critique8373 I've seen (far too) many flicks from this company - this one is about middle of the pack. One the good side its a bit more stylized and under control than some of their fare - less of the sophomoric attempts at humor and more adherence to story (for what its worth). Many of their titles like Sexy Sixth Sense are buried by baaaad performances and an amateurish sensibility. On the other side I found the simulated sex scenes not as hot as some of their other flicks (like Vampire Vixens Gladiator Eroticus Spiderbabe or Mistress Frankenstein).<br /><br />Misty Mundae is always a 10 on the peter meter as is Darian Caine. I found Barbara Joyce hot in a school-marm kinda way and Ruby LaRocca a sexy little hottie.<br /><br />Watch this with the remote firmly in your (free) hand on a night when you need a break from porn. Don't waste your time wanting to check the story - you've got better things to do w/ your life. It is not a movie it's pure T&A but not bad by that standard.
critique8374 After seeing the poster from the film SmotherI knew I was about to live one of those intolerable film experiences which make me want to take my eyes out.HoweverI felt a slight optimism because the movie had a solid cast which I thought it was going to rescue the movie.Unfortunately that did not happen.Smother is a horrible moviebut it is not execrable.That is the best I can say about it.<br /><br />The screenplay from Smother (written by the same guys from License to Wedsomething which explains they have anything but talent for writing movies) is full of cheap and predictable humor.SeriouslyI did not laugh even once watching this film.Besidesthe solid cast I previously mentioned is absolutely wasted.After the big number of garbage she has been involved in (like the monumentally atrocious and execrable Because I Said So)some people may think the career from Diane Keaton is extinguishing.Howeverit is impossible for me to forget the excellent performances she has brought in previous decadeson films like Annie Hall or Baby Boom.On Smothershe makes her best effort with her performancebut her character is so horribly written she cannot do anything with it.Dax Shepard has left on me a good impression with his solid performances on the films Baby Mama and Idiocracy.Howeverhe does what he can with his character.Mike White also makes a good effortbut he does not reach too far away.He is a very talented screenwriter (like he has shown on films like The Good Girl and School of Rock)so I would have liked to see he was one of the screenwriters from this movieinstead of only acting on it.Liv Tyler suffers from the same situation of all the previously mentioned actors : being wasted.<br /><br />The worst fail from Smother is being absolutely boring and unfunny.Its screenplay is nothing more than a collection of forced scenes and situations we have seen on sit-coms.Stay far away from this crappy comedy.
critique8375 <br /><br />How this film ever got a 6 star average is beyond me. The script is so banal and frankly an insult to whomevers life it is based upon. The cinematography comes straight from the slick world of advertising and the talented Ridley Scott should be ashamed. Demi Moore however shows none a surprise by participating in this film if one looks at her tracklist. All in all a "high concept" style film that even Don Simpson would be ashamed of.
critique8376 Here he is. A new horror icon for the new millennium. Better than Freddy. More dangerous than Jason Vorhees. More evil than Michael Myers. Hard to believe I know. But his time is here....<br /><br />Ray The Prick.<br /><br />Yep the antagonist Ray is a complete Prick. This is partly because of the naughty things he does. Also because he has a scar (oh scary) on his face. But mainly because Ray The Prick has been milked.<br /><br />Yep Ray doesn't channel evil. He doesn't even become cursed not even by a voodoo spell. Nope Ray The Prick has been milked. As DeNiro once said "You can milk anything with nipples". And Ray has been milked. Of evil.<br /><br />How do you milk evil you ask? Snake nipples I reply. Snake nipples.<br /><br />Why Ray you ask? Because he's a Prick I reply. Capital P.<br /><br />Watch out for the New Line Pictures extravaganza entitled "Freddy Vs. Ray The Prick".<br /><br />Thought your new horror saviour was Jeeper The Creeper? Well not any more cause Ray The Prick is here. And I'm frightened.<br /><br />Pity about the atmosphere-less PG-13 unoriginal workmanlike quality of the film though because Ray's a star.
critique8377 This movie is actually worse than most movies I've ever suffered through and I've suffered through a lot. Absolute nonsense. It's got terrible forced dialogue; pointless plot developments; really drawn out 'spooky imagery' scenes which look more like a high school remedial art project than a horror movie; 5/10 at best attractive women; long boring sex scenes involving said women (forget what you know about virgins! especially ones with lop- sided fake breasts); muttered difficult to understand speech from some of the characters; and they actually used the masks from Killer Klowns from Outer Space during a masturbation scene which should be a saving grace because that movie was pretty funny but it isn't. Veden Fell is the lamest bad guy in the history of film. <br /><br />Absolutely give this one a miss.
critique8378 again such kind of zero-budget digital-video cam trash. and again I fell into this trap cuz the title had "zombie" in it (german title: ZOMBIE ATTACK!) the story: on halloween some people visit the "museum of the dead" it's a trap a crazy doctor wants to kill the people everything connected to some aztec-cult. so they fight against some zombies in there.<br /><br />ultra cheap scenery: some corridors with black tape on it. a few dilettantish drawings and a few skulls as you can find them in every fun-shop. no actors just low-grade models waking around with absolutely no idea what to do. no effects. laughable make-up your local hobby-make-up-zombie-fan will do it better some time it looked as if they had not enough money for enough colour otherwise they just could not do it like this man they have to realize the looks of their "zombies". some laughable martial-arts fights with the zombies slow-motion. just when the director wants to have it scary he uses some standard digital-video-cam effect where everything is flackering. unbelievable! 0 out of 10!
critique8379 I wholeheartedly disagree with the other viewers of this wretched film. The only reason why I didn't rate it 1 for awful was due to the great talent of Carmen Miranda. The beginning and end are the best parents due to her gifted singing and dancing.<br /><br />The problem is with the rest of the picture. Alice Faye comes off quite hollow. Don Ameche has a great singing voice but with the wretched writing material he comes off so terribly corny.<br /><br />The plot is a real stiff here with Ameche assuming two parts as a song and dance man and a baron not happily married to Faye.<br /><br />It seems that by playing the song and dance man Ameche's marriage gets a second change to reignite. Some silly nonsense about the baron having to clear up business and being away allows him to play both parts.<br /><br />S.Z. Sakal is given little to do here and so his comedic gifts are not given the opportunity to shine. Ditto for J. Carrol Naish who actually appears uncomfortable in his role.<br /><br />This is a chica chica boom bomb of a film.
critique8380 Michael Bennett and Nicholas Dante's Broadway show ran for years but evidence of its power and charisma is lost in this movie adaptation which most likely stems from the choice of director (Richard Attenborough as far from B-way as you could get) and lead actor (Michael Douglas who plays a director-choreographer like a slimy corporate lawyer). The slim story about a grueling audition for a Broadway show which turns into a therapy session for the actor-dancer-singers is pushed right up on us with loud brassy talents playing to the rafters. Nothing is modulated or subtle particularly a laughable subplot about a ex-dancer returning to the theater and butting heads with old-flame Douglas. The over-eager hopefuls are filled with promise and heartache but their personal stories of angst are a little embarrassing; this matched with Attenborough's sluggish pacing spells disaster and even the now-famous songs fail to break through the artificial wrapping. *1/2 from ****
critique8381 I was looking forward to this movie as everyone was talking about it as being a good horror movie and finally an European one. So maybe my expectations were to high.<br /><br />It begins with a good quiet horror/shock sequence but it lets you down right away in the following scenes where the plot begin being introduced as the acting and the motivation/life of the characters reveals itself no better than any 'made for TV' drama. It keeps that way right into the end.<br /><br />About the horror part of the movie it is certainly a good idea and a different one but ALL the scenes are of the 'seen it before' kind.<br /><br />Overall my idea of this movie was that it had a good concept which was inserted into a mediocre story bad acting and less than tolerable plot holes.<br /><br />
critique8382 I go this game and it is alright I guess. I just expected a bit more. The main problem with this is that the hacking is extremely hard even if you read the instructions you can't get it. Also the graphics aren't as good as Pandora Tomorrow and Double Agent. This game could do with some improvements it says that if guards are waling in water and you shoot a sticky shocker in the water the guard will fry up but nothing happens. In my opinion this is the worst out of the three. I haven't played the first one but have played Pandora Tomorrow this and Double agent. This game deserves a 4/10 though. Could do with some improvements.
critique8383 This film is terrible. I was really looking forward to it as I thought "Lantana" was great.<br /><br />The following review may contain *spoilers*<br /><br />*****<br /><br />First the good things: it looks great some of the performances are OK. The bad things are everything else about it. <br /><br />The story as you possibly know is about some blokes who go fishing and discover a body with the twist that they find it on Friday but continue fishing and finally report it on Sunday when they get back into mobile (cell phone) range. However the film takes it's time (boy does it take its time) getting to this central event.<br /><br />Of the ensemble of characters (about a dozen) not one seems to like another one (which is I suppose consistent because they are all unlikable). I was extremely frustrated by the failure to adequately explain how the characters are related and it was not until near the end of the movie that I could vaguely construct the family tree. <br /><br />It's hard to think of a film us unrelentingly grim which is a failure in the structure of the story as the character's lives seem just as bad before the fishing trip as after. Once you've set the bar so high it's hard to up-it short of everyone committing suicide.<br /><br />There are silly lapses in logic. The killer dumps the body in the lake and then it somehow drifts miles upstream into the mountains. The fishermen walk out Sunday morning but for some reason Byrne gets home late at night after his wife has gone to bed. Then first thing the next morning the cops bang on the door to get him to come down to the station. Um they haven't heard of the telephone? Down at the station the media know the whole story less than 24 hours after they reported the body?<br /><br />Totally missing from the story is the debate the blokes surely had after they find the body. This is a mystery - everyone asks them "how could you do that?" and the audience is asking the same question. (The debate about what to do with the body is the key scene in "Deliverance"). I know exactly what I'd do in their situation. Someone needs to walk out to the car drive to mobile range call the cops wait and them guide them back to the location. If the others wait at camp and fish who cares?<br /><br />A lot of all this just seems false. The only thing that rung true was that as the girl was black the local aboriginals seized on the fishermen's actions as racist - "wouldn't have done it if it was a white girl." <br /><br />Throughout there is a curious indifference to who might have killed the girl (I think the subject is mentioned once) and there is no mystery as the audience sees the killer in the opening scene.<br /><br />So I'm sitting there simultaneously bored and confused when there's a twist - not in the plot but the theme. Suddenly it becomes about the quiet dignity of the bereaved aboriginals leading to a ludicrous ending with some incoherent stuff about black-white reconciliation. Huh?<br /><br />This is Australian film "at its finest" according to The Age.
critique8384 Maybe it's because I'm no fan of the comics (but if the comics are of the same "quality" as the movie it's hard to believe there are any) but this has to be one of the worst movies ever made. Non-existent plot laughable acting dumb dialogue... This movie is so bad that it hurts. A lot. That some people actually gave this one 10/10 is an insult to any good or at least mediocre (or at least bad) movie. If you hate yourself then watch Tank Girl! On another thought if you hate yourself THAT much maybe you should just commit suicide... My rating: -34/10
critique8385 There's something frustrating about watching a movie like 'Murder By Numers' because somewhere inside that Hollywood formula is a good movie trying to pop out. However by the time the credits roll there's no saving it. The whole thing is pretty much blown by the "cop side" of the story where Sandra Bullock and Ben Chaplin's homicide detective characters muddle through an awkward sexual affair that becomes more and more trivialized the longer the movie goes on. Although Bullock is strong in her role it's not enough to save the lackluster script and lazy pacing. Ben Chaplin's talents are wasted in a forgettable role (he did much better earlier in the year in the underrated 'Birthday Girl') as well as Chris Penn who has a role so thanklessly small you feel sorry for a talent like him. Anyway the plot really isn't even a factor in this movie at all. The two teen killers played by Ryan Gosling and Michael Pitt are the only real reasons to see this movie. Their talent and chemistry work pretty good and they play off of each other quite well. It's too bad they weren't in a much better all-around film. Barbet Schroeder is treading way too safe ground here for such a seasoned filmmaker. Bottom Line: it's worth a rent if you're a genre fan but everyone else will live a fulfilled life without ever seeing it except maybe on network TV with convenient commercial breaks.
critique8386 After World War I an expedition representing the Allied countries is sent to Cambodia to stop the efforts of Count Mazovia in creating a zombie like army of soldiers and laborers. Hoping to prevent a possible outbreak of war due to Mazovia's actions the group presses through the jungle to Angkor Wat in spite of the perils. The group includes Armand who has his own agenda contrary to the group's wishes according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. <br /><br />Heads up! the zombie make-up department revolted before the cameras started to roll. <br /><br />Also this "Revolt of the Zombies" has little to do with its supposed predecessor "White Zombie" (1932) ***** which starred Bela Lugosi. If that film's zombies didn't thrill you this one's certainly won't. A younger-than-usual Dean Jagger (as Armand Louque) stars as a man obsessive with blonde Dorothy Stone (as Claire Duval). A couple supporting performances are good: devilish Roy D'Arcy (as Mazovia) and subservient Teru Shimada (as Buna); however neither are given enough material to really pull this one out of the dumps.<br /><br />** Revolt of the Zombies (1936) Victor Halperin ~ Dean Jagger Dorothy Stone Roy D'Arcy
critique8387 This film turned up on local TV here in South Africa recently and I thought that I'd warn even those who enjoy watching B grade bad movies (which I do)that this is not even amusing. The plot concerns a couple visiting a house in the country. Some strangers appear and .... The problem is that most of the film obviously shot in the early seventies consists of extreme wide shots of people walking in real time and awfully slowly from A to B. This makes the film tedious in the extreme and the expected blood and gore payoff just never happens. I am really curious - how many people have actually watched this from beginning to end?
critique8388 I am sick and tired of all these little weenies going on about how this movie "rocked". It is pure CG over-acted CRAP! Don't send an Assassin it's much more sensible to smuggle hundreds of brightly colored aggressive venomous Snakes on a Plane! The only reason people like this movie because they feel they have to. It is not "so bad it's good" It's so bad I'd rather be poked in the eye with a sharp stick then be subjected to this again. I honestly thought was going to be a COMEDY like AIRPLANE! A spoof! Was I wrong. It's that whole "It sucks get it!" Or Samuel A. Jackson yells "Snakes on the Plane! thing. Well I'm sorry I don't get it. It looks like a bunch of wimps gave the movie industry more money to make more movies like Triple X and Die Hard. If you what spend money to watch a movie in the company of the same people who bought William Hung's CD still live in their mommies basement and stink of plastic chair sweat from days on the computer playing online games and looking at porn then rush to the theater and ask for one (since I doubt you have a girlfriend) ticket for Snakes on a stupid-butt Plane. To hell with movies like Full metal Jacket Pulp Fiction True Romance 12 Monkeys Clerks etc. There's no irony in watching good movies. The true decline of the western civilization. Calling this a cult film is an Insult to true Cult classics like Repo man or even Orgazmo. I've said enough here.
critique8389 Nothing can prepare you for another lousy bimbo outing! This time it's being brought to you by the never-inevitable Fred Olen Ray! As far as exploitation movies go this one doesn't click! As science fiction it's plain unoriginal! All that we see is an an ugly feminine android wearing a bikini out to destroy the Earth and showing off all that's nearly bare to resist! Give me a f---ing break!!! If this kind of entertainment is your thing then why not dust off those old SI swimsuit mags from the attic for a change?! This would have been much better if it didn't set the sleaze factor on very high but that still wouldn't make this one great. I'd like to point out another film called THE ASSAULT (1996) by Jim Wynorski which resembles the identity of ALIENATOR. It illustrates why top-notch 1st-person "femme fatale" action movies don't translate well in America. Sorry fellas!
critique8390 I would perhaps give 6 or 7 to this propaganda film because it shows when and how a propaganda film becomes successful. If there are people who watch this piece and think that "well then Jews must have done something to be treated the way they were treated in WW2" then the movie is very cleverly made to conceal 'why's and 'how's as well as mix correct and false observations on how a people live. What more can a propaganda movie aim for? The part in which an American movie about the Rothschild family is included is re-used very shrewdly here for instance. The question of why the Jew keeps his wealth away from the officer is never asked. No one mentions the system of taxation within that particular social strata.<br /><br />Besides the level of excitement (or the level of disgust) in the movie increases slowly and the solution-like end of the movie suits the aim and the musts of doing propaganda. The audience would leave in joy and gratefulness to the times that are coming up...well done.<br /><br />In the movie there is a kind of simplicity that addresses the most basic emotional perception of the audience. The movie is kind of history today so no need to fuss much about it actually. However in this simplicity of words of ethnic degradation a careful watcher can find relevance to today's cultural hatred violence decivilization as well as the problems of integration. Overall fine trash.
critique8391 SexDrugsRock & Roll is without a doubt the worst product of Western Civilization. The monologues are both uninteresting and pointless In the rare monologue that captures the audience's attention it is quickly lost through overly long repetition and unnecessary additions (The Hells Angels at McDonalds comes to mind) I guess Bogosian's one man show needed some filler material to give a length that he thought justified the price of admission.<br /><br />I would rather sleep with my aunt and be hung upside down and drained of my blood than see SexDrugsRock & Roll again.
critique8392 A charming boy and his mother move to a middle of nowhere town cats and death soon follow them. That about sums it up.<br /><br />I'll admit that I am a little freaked out by cats after seeing this movie. But in all seriousness in spite of the numerous things that are wrong with this film and believe me there is plenty of that to go around it is overall a very enjoyable viewing experience.<br /><br />The characters are more like caricatures here with only their basis instincts to rely on. Fear greed pride lust or anger seems to be all that motivate these people. Although it can be argued that that seeming failing in actuality serves the telling of the story. The supernatural premise and the fact that it is a Stephen King screenplay(not that I have anything specific against Mr. King) are quite nicely supported by some interesting FX work makeup and quite suitable music. The absolute gem of this film is without a doubt Alice Krige who plays Mary Brady the otherworldly mother.<br /><br />King manages to take a simple story of outsider or people who are a little different(okay - a lot in this case) trying to fit in and twists it into a campy over the top little horror gem that has to be in the collection of any horror fan.
critique8393 In a way Corridors of Time is a success story because the movie reaches its goal : being seen by thousands. But it fails at making them laugh...<br /><br />Les Visiteurs has had its success because the subject was an original way of considering the time travel : forget about Zemeckis's Back to the future here comes the old France the middle-age knight and its nearly barbaric way of life. Full of pride funny thanks to the ancient words he uses Montmirail can sometimes be disgusting but he keeps his honor. Then comes the sequel.<br /><br />Nobody had foreseen the tremendous success of Les Visiteurs the first. And it's no use being a movie expert to realize that the Corridors of Time has been made for money.<br /><br />The general story begins after the end of Les Visiteurs and immediately tries to justify the sequel with a time paradox that would have needed some second tought. Explanation : it's no use trying to get back the jewelry Jacquouille has stolen ; don't you remember this nice red shiny and expensive car he bought at the end of the 1st episode ? Where do you think he found the money ? Selling the jewelry... And that's only one of many holes PoirÃƒÂ© tries to avoid... and fails.<br /><br />Let's have a look at the characters : Montmirail doesn't change he's just a little more boring. Regarding Frenegonde... that's another story : ValÃƒÂ©rie Lemercier decided not to compromise herself in this sequel to avoid getting stuck in the bourgeoise role. And Muriel Robin tries to imitate her in a way that I found so pitiful I nearly felt pain for her. And PoirÃƒÂ© doesn't realize that a cast of humorists isn't enough to make a good comedy.<br /><br />Forget about the time travels about the digital effects concentrate on the story and you'll see that there's enough room on a mail stamp to write it 10 times.<br /><br />The main interest of this film is the landscapes. A movie for youngsters let's say up to 13 years old.
critique8394 I bought this 'film' from a gas station in the 3.99 bin for one reason: Billy Drago who is one of my favorite actors. He is terrifically creepy and good but that's where it stops. The movie itself is a dirt cheap gratingly awful attempt at a horror western and manages neither never mind a successful merging of the two genres. The acting besides Drago's is so bad I wanted to put the couch cushions over my ears the production values are nonexistent and the script  I don't even know where to start.<br /><br />Avoid at all costs unless you are a die hard Drago fan like me.<br /><br />Terrible shameful unforgivable.
critique8395 Ron Hall pulls a triple threat as he writes directs and stars in 'Vampire Assassins'. Derek Washington (Hall) is your clichÃƒÂ©d cop-on-a-mission who finds himself up to his neck in some nasty vampire action. Tossing away his badge he searches for the last vampire slayer (no not Buffy!) to take back the streets and vanquish the bloodsuckers back to the grave.<br /><br />'Vampire Assassins' is a horrible film. It rips off so many other films (can you say Blade?) that it never even attempts to establish it's own identity. The script is non existent. The action is horrible. Who says a micro-budget stimulates creativity? There is nothing even remotely interesting here. You will get nothing out of this except a headache. Stay away at all costs.
critique8396 What this film has is its realism  you really do get the feeling screenwriter James Slater has been doing his homework on the subject of downhill skiing while director Michael Ritchie shoots the movie in a fly on the wall documentary style . However the problem is unless you`re a big fan of the sport there`s not a lot in DOWNHILL RACER to grab your attention .<br /><br />Before anyone asks why I watched it  I did so because it featured the great Gene Hackman in an early role but that`s not really a good enough reason for watching
critique8397 Apparently Shakespeare equals high brow which equals in turn a bunch of folks not seeing something for what it really is. At one point in this film someone (I believe Pacino's producer) warns him that film is getting off track that it was once about how the masses think about Shakespeare through the vehicle of RICHARD III. Instead he decides to shoot a chopped up play with random comments sprinkled throughout. Some scenes seemed to be included as home movies for Al (was there really ANY reason for the quick visit to Shakespeare's birthplace other than for a laugh about something unexpected which happens there?) and before the film has really even begun we are treated to seeing Al prance around and act cute and funny for the camera. I thought his silly act with Kay near the end of GODFATHER III with the knife to his throat was AN ACT - but apparently it's how Al really behaves in person.<br /><br />Enough rambling. Here's a shotgun smattering of why I didn't even make it 3/4 of the way through this: 1) pretentious - Al always knows when the camera is on him whether he's acting as Richard or in a 'real' conversation with someone - you can see it in the corner of his eyes also some of the actors around the rehearsal table become untethered and wax hammy to the extreme. If anyone reading this has ever spent any time with an group of actors and has witnessed this kind of thing from the outside it's unbearable. "Look at me chewing all the scenery!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears as Lady Anne this film comes to a screeching halt which it never recovers from. She has nothing to add in the discussion scenes but the camera lingers on her to bring in the kiddoes. Her performance is dreadful to boot. 3) the only things you really learn from this are told to you by the very scholars the filmmakers are trying to keep out of the picture. Of course you also learn that Pacino shouldn't be directing films (or doing Richard in the first place). I'd rather watch BOBBY DEERFIELD than this.<br /><br />Lastly read the play and learn it for yourself. Go out and see it performed. In 1997 I saw the play performed at the University of Washington Ethnic Cultural Theater and it made what we see in this film seem like high school drama (except for the gratuitous throat slashing of Clarence! My God! Was that necessary?!)<br /><br />It's all just a bunch of sound and fury signifying nada.
critique8398 I am a relative latecomer to the transcendent work of film auteur Yasujiro Ozu whose masterfully understated views of Japanese life especially in the post-WWII era illuminate universal truths. Having now seen several of his landmark films such as 1949's "Late Spring" and 1953's "Tokyo Story" I am convinced that Ozu had a particularly idiosyncratic gift of conveying the range of feelings arising from intergenerational conflict through elliptical narratives and subtle imagery. It is Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien's keen aspiration to pay homage to Ozu on his centenary with this generally enervating 2003 film. Among with co-screenwriter T'ien-wen Chu Hsiao-hsien appears to get the visuals right but does not capture the requisite emotional weight that would have made the glacial pacing tolerable.<br /><br />The story concerns YÃƒÂ´ko a young Japanese writer researching the life of mid-20th century Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye in Tokyo after coming back from Taiwan where she taught Japanese. After 25 drawn-out minutes of character set-up she reveals to her father and stepmother that she is pregnant by one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time YÃƒÂ´ko's coffeehouse friend Hajime who runs a used bookstore has an obsession for trains and seems likely to be in love with her. Hsiao-hsien connects this slim plot line with a series of shots held for inordinately lengthy takes as the frame composition changes. There are also long stretches of silence as well as an abundance of scenes featuring trains. While these techniques are consistent with Ozu's style Hsiao-hsien cannot seem to dive into the characters' psyches the way Ozu did with maximal fluidity and minimal theatrics in particular YÃƒÂ´ko's plight seems rather non-committal in the scheme of the drama presented and her parents' reaction overly passive to hold much interest. In fact the whole film has an atmosphere of exhaustion about it which makes the film feel interminable.<br /><br />The performances are unobtrusive though hardly memorable. J-pop music star Yo Hitoto brings a natural ease to YÃƒÂ´ko while Tadanobu Asano is something of a cipher as Hajime. The rest of the characters barely register even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as YÃƒÂ´ko's parents. Cinematographer Lee Ping-Bing provides expert work though he violates a cardinal rule of Ozu films by not keeping the camera stable during shots. Hitoto speak-sings the fetching pop song used over he ending credits "Hito-Shian". The DVD includes an hour long French-made documentary "MÃƒÂ©tro LumiÃƒÂ¨re" which actually does help provide some of the context for Hsiao-hsien's approach to the film. It includes excerpts from Ozu's films in particular "Equinox Flower" to show the parallels with this film though surprisingly no mention of either "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer" the obvious basis for some of the scenes and situation set-ups. There are also edited interview clips of Hitoto Asano and Hsiao-hsien as well as the film's trailer.
critique8399 This movie is just plain terrible!!!! Slow acting slow at getting to the point and wooden characters that just shouldn't have been on there. The best part was the showing of Iron Maiden singing in some video at a theater and thats it. the ending was worth watching and waiting up for but that was it!! The characters in this movie put me to sleep almost. Avoid it!!!
critique8400 This film brought a whole new meaning to that well-worn phrase 'like watching paint dry' because this was 'like watching paint dry in the middle of a monsoon'.<br /><br />I was attracted to the film by its location on the west coast of Portugal which I have visited. It is a ruggedly beautiful place and the black-and-white introduced a whole new dimension to the beauty. That was the only good thing. The story was appallingly banal and frankly you have to have some story.<br /><br />A film crew runs out of film and the entire crew then have to wait. Well a wait is a wait. I can wait for a number 15 bus on Princes Street in Edinburgh I can spend hours on a remote railway station in the middle of nowhere on cold winter's Sunday afternoon. However a wait is boring and yes this wait was boring too.<br /><br />So the leader goes off to America to remonstrate with the film supplier who castigates him for not making the whole thing in colour. After a number of arguments two blessed bullets ring out from wherever and the eagerly-awaited end finally arrives and not before time.<br /><br />Yes I would see this film again if someone arms me with a couple of cans of colour film so that I can hurl them at the screen.
critique8401 *Spoilers herein* <br /><br />Where do I begin with just how silly this movie was? 'Mole sized people living under the garden attacking residents of a big house'!!! When I first sat down to watch this movie I was unaware that the protagonists where not poltergeists etc but 10 inch high goblins that looked mighty easy to kick hard and far. I carried on watching it because I like to see movies through to the end even awful ones. this movie was terrible. My girlfriend who went to sleep inside the first ten minutes apart from finding it a good aid to sleep thought it was hilarious that I had bothered to watch it all.<br /><br />Tiny goblins even in large numbers (the thought is silly I know) are about as scary and menacing as flat cola. They only managed to trip one guy up 'fatally' and kill a cat before they were blown up The End. I did mention it sucked right?
critique8402 The storyline has too many flaws and illogical sequences to be worthwhile. Jolie's acting is pretty flat and poor Washington's is OK the rest of the cast are cardboard cutouts. Somehow almost everything about this film oozes mediocrity. The plot is lame. The only thing I liked more or less about this film are the fairly original methods the perpetrator uses to end his victims. Technical details are worse than the most far-stretched CSI 'knowledge' and gizmos and halfway the movie one wonders if the director even cared about detail credibility. (Some Spoilers hereafter!) I mean an EKG machine with a pure sinus wave reflecting a man's heartbeat a quadriplegic with full body muscle spasms and one working index finger sure. A killer gutting a man's bowels whilst keeping him alive to allow the rats to feast on him followed by a rat aiming for the guy's FACE! What's with all that stupidity? Then there are quite a few continuity goofs but you can find those elsewhere here on IMDb Honestly I found it a bit of an insult even to my limited intelligence.<br /><br />Waste of time. Still 4 out of 10 to keep my girlfriend from kicking me.
critique8403 I wish that all the mockumentaries and horror spoofs would go away. If you are going to investigate loch ness..do it for real. Enough of the bull****. Same with horror and sci-fi..if you are going to make a movie and it is supposed to be scary..make it scary..not funny. I hate when watching a horror movie and the character is fighting for their life(or running or whatever..their life is at stake) and they are cracking jokes. This never happens..cmon where have all the good directors gone? I think horror and sci-fi have really gone down the tube since the 70's. I long for the days that a horror flick was scary..all this "scary movie" crap is for the birds. This film is also for the birds. If you really would like to see a good investigation or here serious talk...don't expect it in this video.
critique8404 No this is nothing about that fairy tale with the pumpkin coach fairy godmother and the glass slippers but if I were to elaborate I would have to spoil it for you which I won't. But don't let curiosity get the better of you as this movie is not fantastic. It's one of those movies that start off promisingly before betraying its audience with cheap scare tactics and an incoherent storyline. And that's real horror.<br /><br />Yoon-hee (To Ji-Won) and Hyun-soo (Shin Se-kyeong) are your ideal mother and daughter. One's a successful plastic surgeon while the other your dutiful obedient and beautiful teenage daughter. Their relationship is like hand in glove so close you'd think of them more as siblings rather than parent-child. But things start to go wrong (don't they always) when Hyun-soo's friends whom Yoon-hee has operated on start to go berserk.<br /><br />Perhaps it's a warning to audiences and for those Koreans ladies who don't bat an eyelid when going under the knife if news reports are to be believed. The only truly scary moments are those scenes in plastic surgery though somehow I thought Kim Ki-duk's Time actually had more gore when featuring and describing what goes on during the surgery itself.<br /><br />It's a tale of two halves the fist being an attempt to shock audiences with standard scare tactics which I admit did get to me now and then. However the second half degenerated the movie into mindless mumbo-jumbo melodramatics and was quite contrived into its forcing its ideas down your throat. Some things begin not to make sense and while attempts are always presented to explain you probably won't buy it not that horror movies are logical to begin with.<br /><br />The leads are all beautiful and there is a distinct lack of male presence besides the negligible cop role. But hey I'm not complaining though the storyline could have been improved tremendously. I'd recommend you to watch this only if you're a fan of mediocre Korean horror on VCD. Watch out for those face off-ish moments!
critique8405 Final Score...who cares - it's a reality show. It has no love for it's audience it panders to lazy TV viewers puts nothing in and gets nothing out.<br /><br />"Joe Millionaire" the most blatantly phony reality show of them all is a television disaster of epic proportions. It's a watershed rock bottom moment not only for Fox but for the American viewing public who actually watch like and talked about this crap the next day. You people ought to be ashamed of yourselves. Because as much as Fox promotes this junk it won't make any money unless it's watch by people (and boy was it the finale got nearly Super Bowl numbers!?). It doesn't bother you people that there are many quality shows written directed acted and generally have effort put into them that are being cancelled while you sit back and lap up this effortless cold game show?<br /><br />I used to be a staunch supporter of Fox. It's those of us like me who like and seek out quality TV that helped build Fox back in the days of Married...with Children and The Simpsons. Conveniently enough now neither of those shows would make it 6 weeks with the current management. The Gail Berman "reign of terror" as it's often called. The network has waged war on scripted TV AND strangely enough it's fans. The very people who helped build them in the beginning. Now not only do we have to fight for good shows but we have to fight against their own network. It boggles the mind. Nothing Fox has done in the past 3 years makes any sense. From canceling hits like "Titus" "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can renew "Boomtown" but Fox can't lift it's pitiful head to give the only decent show they had this season another shot?). And the reason they can do all this: the success of junk like "Joe Millionaire". They can now say "We don't need you TV fans we have reality shows". They apparently seem to have no idea that the big audience the draw with this junk is fickle and WILL abandon them the second the next fad comes along. To alienate their base like this will eventually kill the network the way it has set back ABC.<br /><br />The show itself is a joke. Here we have a premise in the now classic Fox gimmick that promises us something different and edgy but then delivers something not in any way different from "The Bachelor" or anything on the big 3. Fox has gone mainstream. The finale and "twist" (quote/unquote) showed they have no ideas up their sleeve. Now we know that all these shows no matter how different they look will all end up the same cornball fairy tale ending. We got to see a bunch of lame aspiring actors that the network picked out of millions of head-shots to fit their demographics parade around like high school bimbos pretending they liked this Evan Marriott because...well because it was a competition and that's what you're supposed to do. Marriott himself is like a hideously disfigured Chro-magnum man who struggles to put together the simplest sentences. But how can the women (all average to ugly looking by the way - an important minus is a guilty pleasure show like this) not fall for "Joe" with such charming lines like "Look you're not stupid".<br /><br />I used to think that people who watched these reality/dating/game shows were just to lazy to change the channel but after "Joe Millionaire" I think they must be genuinely mentally deficient. Come on people have a little more pride in yourselves. Demand a little bit more from your entertainment then THIS.<br /><br />Boycott FOX.
critique8406 This is by far the most vapid idiotic insanely stupid show that has EVER been on the air and this is coming from someone who remembers "San Pedro Beach Bums".<br /><br />My wife loves watching reality shows--and there was one episode of this drivel where the wannabes had to develop a "walk". The end result was straight out of Monty Python's "Ministry of Silly Walks" sketch. I couldn't laugh hard enough.<br /><br />And then there's the ubiquitous Ms. Banks (as in laughing all the way to the...). She has to be the most annoying self-important woman on TV since Rosie O'Donnell left "The View". As if modeling was doing great things for mankind. Please. I've never found her attractive and I don't find her intelligent now that she has the temerity to open her mouth.<br /><br />Someone needs to tell these human clothes hangers to eat a healthy diet and actually look like real women.
critique8407 So it's a space movie. But it's low budget. You ask "what about the effects?" The effects are at times good and at times really really bad. I mean bad. And notice I started with the effects.<br /><br />There's a story here but it's told in what I think is the wrong order. I don't mean a Tarantino style wrong order. I mean it's told in a completely nonsensical arrangement. Most of it's about a mother (in the future because you know it's sci-fi) as told by her daughter which is mostly exposition done in narrative from the daughter's perspective. Only once you're through the first hour and hear Paul Darrow's voice as a computer do you realize how much more tolerable the constant narrative would have been if he'd read it. This narrative is so constant and inclusive that the actors on screen hardly say a word for the first hour.<br /><br />There's also a lesson here for you up and coming filmmakers: if you're not doing 2001 and want to have some action (this one does) then PLEASE hire a good fight choreographer. Otherwise your fights will look like well what's in BATTLESPACE. And notice the title has the word "battle" in it. Ugh.<br /><br />I think this might be the classic scenario of trying to make a movie based on nothing more than a concept. And some effects. My biggest surprise is seeing the IMDb listing this film as costing $1.8 million. When you compare it to something like PRIMER which did better with a budget of a few thousand you realize in low budget film-making it's all about the story. I wasn't expecting much - but I was STILL disappointed. Two out of ten stars.
critique8408 Wow here it finally is; the action "movie" without action. In a real low-budget setting (don't miss the hilarious flying saucers flying by a few times) of a future Seattle we find a no-brain hardbody seeking to avenge her childhood.<br /><br />There is nothing even remotely original or interesting about the plot and the actors' performance is only rivalled in stupidity by the attempts to steal from other movies mainly "Matrix" without having the money to do it right. Yes we do get to see some running on walls and slow motion shoot-outs (45 secs approx.) but these scenes are about as cool as the stupid hardbody's attempts at making jokes about male incompetence now and then.<br /><br />And yes we are also served a number of leads that lead absolutely nowhere as if the script was thought-out by the previously unseen cast while shooting the scenes.<br /><br />Believe me it is as bad as it possibly can get. In fact it doesn't deserve to be taken seriously but perhaps I can make some of you not rent it and save your money.
critique8409 Now infamous Western that was (at its time) the biggest budgeted disaster in Hollywood history. I was "lucky" enough to see the full 220 minute version at a theatre in 1990. It was truly staggering how BAD the film was!<br /><br />They had a great cast a story based on a true incident (a fight between foreigners and Americans in the 1800s) magnificent scenery...so what went wrong? Three words--director Michael Cimino. He was so full of himself after "The Deer Hunter" he went out and made this god awful Western. He's not totally to blame. His previous film "The Deer Hunter" was considered a masterpiece and United Artists gave him free reign to do anything. They let him all alone...and everything went wrong. The cost went barreling out of control and Cimino insisted on redoing sequences again and again until they were perfect.<br /><br />First off the sound is horrible. Entire sequences go by and you can't make out a word the characters are saying. For instance Jeff Bridges' character is introduced during a dance sequence but I STILL have no idea who he was! The dialogue in his introductory scene is incomprehensible! That's the director's fault--he should have made sure the dialogue could be heard. Some scenes are shot with so much dust flying around you can barely make out what's going on. The story line doesn't make a whole lot of sense and Cimino took great liberties with the facts--in the real story only one person was killed--Cimino turns it into a massacre. There is some admittedly beautiful sequences here totally destroyed by lack of story and incomprehensible dialogue. Also the bad sound was not the fault of the theatre--all the prints sound that way.<br /><br />This garbage effectively closed down United Artists and was the end of Cimino's career. A textbook example of a director so full of himself he doesn't realize what he's doing. Jeff Bridges has said this is the worst movie he ever did. This is from a guy who made "Tron"! A definite must-miss.<br /><br />There is a pretty good book called "The Final Cut" which details the whole disaster. This gets a 1. I wish IMDb had negative numbers--this deserves it!
critique8410 I still can't believe this movie. They got so much unbelievable things in it that it's hard to believe anyone wanted to make it.<br /><br />The story is a joke but in the sense of being funny but more like no story at all. How can you mix a slapstick comedy with a train robbery a prison movie town conspiracies sex-jokes and a FBI-agent? You can't.<br /><br />Beside the terrifying directing the most noticeable thing are the actors. I watched this film and thought: 'Is this really Marlon Brando? No it can't be. (5 minutes later) Is this Charlie Sheen? Wow maybe Brando is true. (5 minutes later) This can't be Donald Sutherland. (5 minutes later) No not Mira Sorvino. This movie is too bad for all of them. (At the end). No no no this can't absolutely not be Martin Sheen!!! Not for 10 seconds of such a movie.' Then it was over and I down with my nerves. SO many good oscar-winning usually convincing actors in such a stupid dumb awful movie. I rarely wanted to know so much how they came to act in this one. They couldn't got so much money.<br /><br />Only just an unbelievable silly idiotic movie.<br /><br />3/10 \ 1/4 \ 5 (1+ - 6-)
critique8411 The film looks super on paper. A romantic comedy in which a frantic lover gets dragged into a smuggling thriller should be generic cross-breeding gold especially with this excellent romcomic cast.<br /><br />I'm afraid Lawrence Kasdan simply gives his two stars too much rope though and they duly go and hang themselves. Adam Brooks' script may well be to blame but you'd expect better from the Kevin Kline of A Fish Called Wanda. Instead the two ping-pong off one another and the unlikely burgeoning romance is never reconciled satisfactorily with the reason either of them are in and dashing around France.<br /><br />Jean Reno co-stars amiably as the cop-with-a-heart and I guess wishes he was a star-with-a-part. Mind you he went on to do those Pink Panther remake(s!) so perhaps he was OK with this... 3/10
critique8412 Just in case the title didn't give it away - this movie is garbage.<br /><br />Short review? Yeah.<br /><br />I decided to spend as much time writing this review as Hollywood probably decided to put into the script. I doubt it'll be published considering how poorly I worded everything but if this is and anyone reads it -- stick to cherishing the first Sandlot movie. It completely surpasses its predecessors in every single way. The sequels aren't ever worth buying or seeing and everyone involved in making them should be ashamed for ruining what has to be one of the most classic original films of our childhood.
critique8413 This movie is like real life by which I mean - not a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so and not much game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently invisible cast (their invisibility being due to the "experimental" lighting as mentioned by many reviewers). <br /><br />A big bore. No big surprise that Altman helms this - he is a very variable performer (yes we all loved "Gosford Park" but "Pret A Porter" anyone? Kansas City? Dr T. and the Women? Aaargh) but the fact that the raw material is a John Grisham tale and the excellent cast that you will perceive through the gathering gloaming of your insistent slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of bad film. And no it is not "so bad it's good".<br /><br />It's just bad.
critique8414 I've given up trying to figure out what version of this I'm watching. The copyright at the end indicates 1983. And though this is not the important bit of my objection to this film I will say that watching a film obviously made in the Aquarian Age (including long haired hippie chicks and odious station wagons) but with a 1980s synth soundtrack is unsettling. Extremely unsettling.<br /><br />My main objection here is HOW DARE THE FILMMAKERS BURY CUTE-AS-A-BUTTON PAMELA FRANKLIN ALIVE. HOW DARE THEY.<br /><br />Seriously she's all like adorable and stuff but in the two movies I've seen her in - this crapfest and the otherwise excellent Legend of Hell House - they kill her off.<br /><br />I would like to put the film industry on notice. Pamela Franklin has apparently retired from the business but if she ever decides to do another film and some blasted cur of a director attempts to kill her off I SHALL ASK HIM TO STEP OUTSIDE.<br /><br />NO ONE BEATS UP ON PAMELA FRANKLIN AND GETS AWAY WITH IT. I AM QUITE CROSS. THE FURY HAS BEEN UNLEASHED.<br /><br />For B-movie fans seeking out a crapfest you could do much worse than this. On the plus side this is not a film which involves Satanism in a peripheral and circumspect way - this movie is a hardcore satanic film.<br /><br />Wall-to-wall satanic ceremonies baphomets hallucinations a ludicrous rat attack - what else could you ask for.<br /><br />This excellent stuff is quite nearly ruined by the baffling grafted-on 1980s synth soundtrack which is about as mismatched to a film as it is possible to be. The soundtrack reminded me of something you'd hear on The Equalizer. It's really bad.<br /><br />Also they made Pamela Franklin squash her charming English accent which was also quite rude if not a cruel atrocity (against the viewer) such as you might find covered by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. I say that we have a right to hear Pamela Franklin speak in her own voice. Who's with me? I could forgive everything else about this film if they didn't abuse Pamela Franklin. And so I throw the gauntlet down sirs -- ANYONE WHO MESSES WITH PAMELA FRANKLIN MESSES WITH ME.<br /><br />EVEN IN A FICTIONAL CONTEXT.<br /><br />GOOD DAY SIRS.
critique8415 I hadn't seen this in many years. The acting was so good as I began this time I thought "Great! Another movie I misjudged as a foolish young man." But then the theme started to be clear and I felt the same way.<br /><br />This was Hollywood the seat of glamor; so the concept shouldn't be a surprise. But it is so condescending a concept I feel as if I need to take a shower after watching it. In brief it tells us that even physically ugly people can seem beautiful to each other and even feel attractive.<br /><br />Dorothy McGuire is likable as the homely heroine. She seems to have been filmed wearing minimal make-up. Robert Young is injured in the war and feels scarred. His parents can't bear to look at him either. He seems to have all his faculties and in part the notions of disability are outmoded.<br /><br />Herbert Marshall is on hand as a blind pianist. His character speaks is hushed tones and is omniscient.<br /><br />The best performance is given by Mildred Natwick as the owner of the title residence. She is bitter and dour but not made of ice. Her story is much more interesting and believable than that of McGuire and Young.
critique8416 My friend's mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out so when she brought home The Convent a horror movie i couldn't wait to watch it. Given that it's supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious I can say that in some weird way I like this movie. <br /><br />yes the acting is bad and yes it's the cheapest movie i've ever seen but it's so damn funny! "WHAT ARE YOU SMOKING CA-RACK?!" i didn't know this movie even was ever released... i figured it was too bad... <br /><br />Yeah so... overall the movie is pretty bad (you gotta admit that much at least) but I promise you you will get a good laugh out of it.<br /><br />*this movie kinda sucks but it's good for a laugh... especially that guy that holds the 'dagger of despair'.. THE DAGGER OF DESPAAAAAAIR!
critique8417 Where to begin? This film is very entertaining if you are new to the wonderful game of rugby however if you live outside the US and do follow the game it is laughable. Various rugby traditions such as the "Haka" which is preformed by the New Zealand "All Blacks" and only by the All Blacks. The leader of the Haka is usually the member of the team with the best Maori pedigree. This is one of the most important conventions of the modern game and has been misused and represented by the writer. The film itself is quite well directed however it is the poor script and over-all execution that lets it down heavily. Taking into account is is based on a real story it does posses a great deal of clichÃƒÂ©s in the storyline. I would strongly suggest that any American interested in rugby watch this film then watch what rugby actually is on Youtube because the rugby portrayed in this film has been distorted and skewed so far from what it really is.
critique8418 This show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel. It is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera. It's tries to use exotic locales as a facade to bring people into a phony contest & then proceeds to hook viewers on the contestants soap opera style.<br /><br />It also borrows from an early CBS game show pioneer- Beat The Clock- by inventing situations for its contestants to try & overcome. Then it rewards the winner money. If they can spice it up with a little interaction between the characters even better. While the game format is in slow motion versus Beat The Clock- the real accomplishment of this series is to escape reality. <br /><br />This show has elements of several types of successful past programs. Reality television hardly but if your hooked on the contestants locale or contest this is your cup of tea. If your not this entire series is as I say drivel dripping with gravy. It is another show hiding behind the reality label which is the trend it started in 2000.<br /><br />It is slick & well produced so it might last a while yet. After all so do re-runs of Gilligan's Island Green Acres The Beverly Hillbillies & The Brady Bunch. This just doesn't employ professional actors. The intelligence level is about the same.
critique8419 Boring predictable by-the-numbers horror outing at least has pretty good special effects and plenty of (mindless) mayhem and gore to satisfy (mindless) genre fans. Mostly it's about giant rats chomping on a set of characters we don't care an iota about - if that's your thing tune in. (*1/2)
critique8420 I was seriously looking forward to seeing this film because it seemed truly promising from the coming attractions: Jim Carrey with Godlike powers was an idea that most definitely worked for me. As a huge fan I was sure he'd be supremely in his element with such a promising premise and what could go wrong? Yesterday my bubble got burst big-time boys and girls because I saw the movie. <br /><br />The first act (where it's set up that he hates his life he's a disgruntled employee and a majorly unhappy camper with an ax to grind against God) is serviceable the second act (where he's summoned by God via telephone and receives Powers Almighty) is GREAT - Carrey gets to have fun with his new 'toys' and it's a pleasure to watch really funny. But the third act is wretched beyond belief.<br /><br />The rot starts setting in after the dinner scene between Bruce and his girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston who comes off EXCEEDINGLY well in this movie considering her part is merely a plot device; even her NAME reeks of unsubtlety) - she thinks he's gonna pop 'the question' but instead he tells her (on bended knee yet) that he's finally getting his news anchor job and isn't it so exciting?<br /><br />She doesn't think so. She wants him to marry her see so she winds up leaving him see even though she still LOVES him very much see and the rest of the film is spent banging us over the head with one pathetic beyond-heavy-handed spiritual-sounding cliche after the next until by the end I was praying too. . .for it to be over. <br /><br />I didn't mind the lack of subtlety in the first two acts (one example - in the 2nd act after he gets his powers Bruce prances into the room singing "What if God were one of us just a slob like one of us" blah blah blah) and I was even willing to overlook the amazing amount of contradictions being hurled at us (for openers Morgan Freeman - a/k/a GOD - tells Bruce he can't violate anyone's free will but he does this a lot). Those choices were forgivable - this is a Jim Carrey comedy directed by Tom Shadyac - it aint The Remains of the Day. <br /><br />Or rather it was SUPPOSED to be a comedy. When the script writers lose track of that (in the dreaded act 3) and try to turn the proceedings into some sort of (gag) Message Movie what we get instead is hell on earth. Bruce realizes the error of his selfish ways he realizes that GRACE is his saving - have to say it - grace and that his priorities in life had been severely misconstrued. All this could have been conveyed in a far less heavy-handed way however. The film didn't have to go into the dumper to make these points. Unfortunately the writers and Shadyac apparently had no idea how to resolve the story in any sort of clever light-handed way so they went the bang-'em-over-the-heads route in hopes that we wouldn't notice. They even tacked some surprisingly unfunny out-takes at the end in the further hope that this would lessen the bad taste. It didn't work for me.
critique8421 I've read some of the other comments and I do have to agree with the ones that didn't get the ending. I thought it was going rather well..until the end. It kept your mind running and then splat. I have not clue what went on the last couple minutes of the movie except a complete mess. It's like they ran out of money to come up with a good ending so they improvised. First they had a mysterious thing making people disappear then they had a guy talking about Area 51 (which makes you think about aliens) then after they it went to crap. I thought the actors and actresses did fine it's just the script went sour. Anyways if you do watch this movie be prepared to be disappointed at the end.
critique8422 This is the sequel to Octopus.<br /><br />Pff... OK. A lot of stock footage but pretty good. I'm surprised that they actually had a giant robot octopus that actually didn't look that bad! I was actually quite surprised by that.<br /><br />The movie overall was just OK fun. It never explained how the octopus got so big and isn't linked it anyway to the first. But it was still fun.<br /><br />The ending me and my friend laughed at. Basically after blowing the octopus up once the two main characters launch a bomb and five explosions most stock footage appear on screen! We joked that they went to the dollar store and bought a 'five missiles in one' toy! Believe me it has to be seen to believe! Overall just stupid fun. Worth giving a chance buying if it's cheap.
critique8423 This film should have been fun. A young Lea Thompson a young Joaquin Phoenix... and Terry O'Quinn. In space. But it dragged on had unlovable characters and had no target audience.<br /><br />Some kids go to a space camp and are accidentally launched into space by a robot friend of theirs (named appropriately Jinx). The space scenes are then long repetitive (the same accident happens twice) and either cheesy or frightening depending on your point of view. Adults will be bored and cheesed out kids might be scared as the way this was filmed really leaves an eerie sense about it.<br /><br />There is a budding romance but unlike the shuttle -- this never takes off. Why it is included in the first place is unclear except maybe to add extra tension between the characters - but it failed if that was the idea.<br /><br />A young Lea Thompson should be quirky and attractive right? I mean "Back to the Future" is great. But no she was irritating and average-looking. Not someone you'd want to date have as a friend or even consider as a role model. Joaquin Phoenix? He's really lucky he ever appeared in movies again this performance. Maybe he can act like Mikey in the Life Cereal commercials but he doesn't seem to know how to be a normal boy. He doesn't fit in on screen and I don't think we can identify with him at home. I actually would have been happier if he had never returned to Earth.<br /><br />I don't recommend this film to anyone.
critique8424 First let me preface this post by saying that I am a fan of the original Star Wars MOVIES...I don't read the books play the games wear the underwear or eat the cereal (if there is one). I am simply a fan of the films.<br /><br />With that being said I struggle to see how people are giving this movie such high praise. Taking this movie by itself and not comparing it to it's terrible predecessors (EP 1 2) I don't understand how you can say this is an amazing movie. For all of the terrible shortcomings in the script - cheesy dialogue contrived scenes (ie R2 suddenly being a badass and long CGI intense chase scenes that have little human touch) HORRIBLE acting and noted plot holes...how is this good? There was no real internal dilemma within Anakin; it just seemed like a switch was flipped and he was evil all of a sudden. I was not interested in the movie until the last 20 minutes or so (which by the way was ruined by the "NOOOOOO!" Frankenstein scene). When you BOMBARD the screen with intensely amazing CGI effects and fill in the gaps with absolutely atrocious one-liners when more could have and should have been said this is NOT A GREAT MOVIE. For a film with such a "dark" tone there was too much levity in the speech of ALL characters.<br /><br />I close with a question: From the beginning to the end of the film was there really a sense of urgency and importance for what was actually about to take place?
critique8425 From actor and independent writer/director John Cassavetes A Woman Under the Influence gives the viewer a look at a working class family with a problem of mental instability. The husband Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue collar worker who has trouble showing his wife Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands) the amount of attention that she deserves. From the onset of the film it is obvious that Mabel is very quirky and strange but only a few minutes later it is clear that she is much more than that. Crazy. Bonkers. Out of her damn mind. Nick tries his hardest to hide this from his co-workers and after she has a particularly strange incident at dinner he asks her if she'll be okay as if he's trying to deny Mabel's illness. Her problem only spirals from there.<br /><br />I did find some particular problems with this film. I guess these problems were mostly present in the story and the way some of the character acted toward the end. Mabel has been committed because frankly she's nuts. Then six months later she's ready to come out of the hospital and her husband throws a party to welcome her back. He never acts stupid in the beginning of the movie. Why would he invite all these people some of them strangers to Mabel over to his house when his wife is in such a fragile state? It's simply idiotic. Later after Mabel comes in the house Mabel's father has a huge outburst at Nick screaming at the top of his lungs about not wanting to eat spaghetti. His daughter has just gotten back from six months of rehabilitation and the thing you want to do is keep her calm and he goes nuts over spaghetti? A few minutes later in the film Nick brings Mabel into the stairwell and forces her to do the things she did when she was mentally unstable; make her weird noises and gestures. Didn't he send her there to make her better and not do those things? There were various other parts that occurred after this but it would just be redundant to look at them in more detail. I guess I just had a serious problem with the decision by Cassavetes to have his characters act in this way. It simply didn't make sense.<br /><br />However although I had problems with the ending of the film there was one aspect that really redeemed it; the acting. Gena Rowlands played an amazing crazy woman. There were times when I forgot she was acting where I got so caught up in her wild gesticulations and crazy talk that I was actually scared of her. She was amazingly convincing and intense. However I was also impressed by the rest of Mabel's family. Peter Falk played a very strange character and I almost thought he was crazy himself because of the awkward way he handled his children his job and especially the situation with his wife. I also usually don't appreciate child actors. But the young people who played Nick and Mabel's children in this film were phenomenal. It really felt like they were Mabel's children because they seemed so attached to her and were so interesting in helping her with her problem. I think their performances are one of the things that kept this film together and without them it would have made the film less realistic and less intense.<br /><br />In general I wasn't impressed by this film. The story was jumbled and unclear and the characters acted in ways that made me wonder who wasn't insane in the movie. The only saving grace were brilliant lead acting roles of the Longhetti family. Their realistic dialogue and powerful acting kept the film together and are probably the only reason the film has ever amounted to anything.
critique8426 and totally non-scary film. The characters doesn't interest at all and most of the time is spent in a car. The dog is at best ugly never really scary. To interest a more threatening menace would have been needed at least a few people you care for and evokes some emotions in you. And not the least something interesting must happen. Something unexpected. As it is this film just drags on and on in what seems like forever. Maybe a Saint Bernhard was not that smart to choose as the Terrible Threat to life and society?<br /><br />In most scary movies/thrillers/mystery just whatever genre there must be characters that sparks interest and makes you want to know what happens. Here you really don't care you just wait for it all to stop and wondering if it wouldn't be better to see something else. One of the weakest King adaptations.
critique8427 Oh but this is woeful. One good actor after another turns in lamentable dialogue in half hearted fashion under what must have been incredibly pedestrian direction to consider it acceptable. I like Robert Carlyle and Joanne Whalley is one of my favourite actresses Tom Courtney can act well when pushed and David Suchet is a professional of the highest integrity but they all wallowed around like fish in a barrel of watery gin. I swear Courtney was inebriated on painkillers or both. <br /><br />Was there a good performance in the whole thing? Well yes David Hood as the junior underground engineer whose mate got washed away looked like he was taking the thing seriously and credit to him for that it can't be easy when "all around are losing theirs" so to speak or maybe his scenes came under the direction of the assistant director ( if there was one) I just don't know what these people were doing in a film that was this poor ( other than paying the bills obviously) I can't begin to say how disappointed I am in them. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES! <br /><br />Any positives other than David Hood the third... yes The aerial shots of London largely submerged were very well done and the effects artists responsible deserved better than to have their fine work punctuated by such a shallow storyif you'll forgive the expression as those few people that do see them will do so on a far smaller screen than would be to best advantage. <br /><br />What's going on here? why are British film makers trying to imitate such characterless spectacle driven tabloid level genres as the disaster movie and then doing it even worse than the Americans. Gritty realism character integrity the capture of real emotion in a way that makes you feel it and care... The Family Way Spring and Port Wine Get Carter The long Good Friday Trainspotting....Don't get me wrong I like a bit of escapist hokum. The real "Italian Job"  The Adventures of Tom Jones; but oh that it should come to this there was more realistic drama in Carry On Camping.
critique8428 This is another one of those movies that could have been great. The basic premise is good - immortal cat people who kill to live etc. - sort of a variation on the vampire concept.<br /><br />The thing that makes it all fall apart is the total recklessness of the main characters. Even sociopaths know that you need to keep a low profile if you want to survive - look how long it took to catch the Unibomber and that was because a family member figured it out.<br /><br />By contrast the kid (and to a lesser extent the mom) behave as though they're untouchable. The kid kills without a thought for not leaving evidence or a trail or a living witness. How these people managed to stay alive and undiscovered for a month is unbelievable let alone decades or centuries.<br /><br />It's really a shame - this could have been so much more if it had been written plausibly i.e. giving the main characters the level of common sense they would have needed to get by for so long.<br /><br />Other than that not a bad showing. I loved the bit at the end where every cat in town converges on the house - every time I put out food on the porch and see our cats suddenly rush in from wherever they were before I think of that scene.
critique8429 Oh where to begin. The cinematography was great. When the movie first started because of the initial landscape scenes I thought that I was in for a good movie. Then the cgi Bigfoot showed up .It looked like a cartoon drawing of the Lion king and king Kong's love child.It totally took away from the believability of the character.Now I knew there wasn't a Bigfoot chasing people hiking around the woods for no apparent reason but a cheesy cgi cartoon.So from then on the whole movie was shot for me.The money they flushed down the toilet for the cgi they could of spent on a costume like roger Patterson did. His was the best Bigfoot costume ever no one else could match his.I am a hardcore cheesy Bigfoot movie fan and I was warned about this movie but my compulsion led me to watching this movie and I was disappointed like the previous reviews warned me about. I know after you read this review you will still say "I must watch Sasquatch huntersmust watch Sasquatch hunters." Then you will say why did I waste my good hard earned money on such a excruciatingly bad boring movie!
critique8430 There are plenty of comments already posted saying exactly how I felt about this film so Ill keep it short.<br /><br />"The Grinch" I thought was marvellous - Jim Carrey is a truly talented physical comedian as well as being a versatile clever actor (in my opinion). Mike Myers on the other hand gets his laughs by being annoying. I used to like him very much in his "Waynes World" and "So I Married an Axe Murderer" days - but Ive never been fond of Austin Powers and "the Cat In The Hat" has just finished me off. <br /><br />This film was horrible - the gags were horrible! inappropriate for children not only in adult content but in the fact that some of them were so dated they havent amused anyone for 50 years! The plot was messy messy messy! Its a shame really because the children were very likeable as was "Mom". They probably could have picked a better villain than Alec Baldwin - but he could have pulled it off if it weren't for Myers ugly revolting over-acted portrayal of the Cat.<br /><br />I mean - did Myers even glance at a script? Was one written? The other actors seemed to have one - but the Cat just seemed to be winging it!<br /><br />On the other hand I would like to mention that the sets and props were marvellous!!! But unfortunately they cant save this film.<br /><br />Poor Dr Seuss - the man was a genius! Dont ruin his reputation by adapting his work in a such a lazy messy way!!!<br /><br />1/10
critique8431 Two years ago on Berlin Film Festival we watched the Amos Kollek movie "Sue" in the Panorama program with a wonderful Anna Thomson in the leading part. It's a film about loneliness and sex and how the one thing is compensated by the other. In the same section on the Festival now we have to complain the superfluous antithesis of Sue "Extension du domaine de la lutte" which now tries to convince us that loneliness and having NO sex is one and the same problem. But unfortunately we can't sympathize with "our hero" (how he is called by the story-teller) because he is unnecessarily and incomprehensibly tired of company and himself. Own fault I'm sorry. I can't understand him. Not enough the writer/director/actor want us admitting to him that it's not his destroyed self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality what brought him so far but the rotten society and its image of sexuality. Yes there are some deeper insights about gender relations but we won't follow him so far... And the point is that there is rather any sign of reflection about his own portion to the fate having no sex. Who didn't notice yet it's a quite depressing film...<br /><br />In the beginning there had been some starts to be more accurate in sketching the situation. At the bed store the "hero" speaks about the hindrances buying a new bed. Perhaps it's too broad getting up the stairs you have to stay at home half a day... THIS is a satire about a character who doesn't know taking the life and heart in hands DOING something... The movie doesn`t follow this path but handles his characters with helplessness. Nobody believes that "our hero" is able to instigate Tisserand for a murder. Too dull too kind too - passive (not to mention Tisserand's complex; he has an inhibition but he couldn't be of course a murderer of women!). To finish: There are women and the world it's not a device of a modern sexualized society. Help you as you can but don't follow the messages and the "wisdom" of this movie which announces bankruptcy to human relationships without seizing the real conflicts within.
critique8432 In one instant when it seemed to be getting interesting it never got there.<br /><br />The people are going from one point to another point with really no point (if there was one it was very dull). There was no action suspense or any horror and the characters were pretty heartless so there was no caring what happened to them.<br /><br />All together the movie was pretty boring.<br /><br />I give it a 3/10.<br /><br />I like that it wasn't shaky choppy camera-work and if there was music it didn't annoy me like some really bad movies and the acting was not horrendous.
critique8433 This movie was a complete waste of time.<br /><br />I viewed this movie with a group of cinematic enthusiasts who have varied taste in movies yet always a keen eye for a work of "genius" (as one of my fellow commenters on this site had the gall to label this steaming pileÃ‚Â…); not one of them found a single redeeming quality. We ended the movie with a rousing chorus of expletives I will not reprint here.<br /><br />I can only guess that the positive reviews provided here were written by Sir Anthony Hopkins himself. Afterall as one of those reviewers will tell you he financed the film himself Ã‚Â– because no one else in Hollywood or anywhere else in the world for that matter would risk a single penny or their good name in association with this film. Don't let the semi-famous actors who appear in the film lure you into its clutches Ã‚Â– as Christian Slater admits in the special features "making of" he signed on to the film without reading the script or knowing any details (a folly I am sure he will never repeat).<br /><br />I pity the hapless individual who stumbles into this quagmire of self-indulgence written directed produced and financed by a man who is too famous to admit to himself that not everything he creates is a masterpiece (and if you don't believe me please google "Anthony Hopkins" AND art).
critique8434 This movie had potential and I was willing to give it a try but there are so many timeline problems that are so obvious - it's hard to swallow being treated like such an idiot.<br /><br />Rise to Power is set in the late sixties. Carlito's Way is set in the mid to late seventies. For this movie to be realistic it would have to be set in the fifties if not the late forties.<br /><br />Rise to Power has no sign of Gail (Pennelope Ann Miller) no sign of Kleinfeld no sign of Rolando that Carlito supposedly ran with in his "hey-day". None of the primary characters in the original film were in this movie. We're supposed to believe that Carlito met all these people in the span of a few years.<br /><br />Rise to Power ends with Carlito walking down the beach talking about retiring in paradise which is what he wanted to do in the original film. Also the pre-quel creates the Rocco and Earl characters - what's supposed to happen with them since they are clearly not in Carlito's Way? It's also hard to understand how Carlito could have the relationship with the Italians he has in the original film watching the events of Rise to Power. Where are the Taglialucci's in this film? There is probably seven years between the two films and he spends five of them in prison. It's like trying to put a square plug into a round hole.<br /><br />It is obvious that no one was interested in telling a good story and that they were more interested in making some bucks by making an average gangster film and throwing a character called Carlito Brigante into the story. The film had some good moments but I think they would have been better off leaving this movie to stand by itself instead of trying to make it a prequel to Carlito's Way.<br /><br />If you feel determined to see this movie the only advice I can give is to not think of the movie as a linear pre-quel. Think of it like the spaghetti westerns with Clint Eastwood's man with no name in other words two movies that have the same character but aren't necessarily connected with each other.
critique8435 How poor is this movie? Well I got it less than two months ago and can hardly remember what it was about...<br /><br />I also paid a Ã‚Â£1 for this on DVD the old story of 'put-a-new-cover-on-the-box-and-some-fool-will-buy-it' syndrome. All I really recall it that the cast ran around a lot use of cars must have been too above the budget and that a vampire was involved. Then again guess you could know that from the film's title.<br /><br />Straight to video rubbish or straight to cheap-jack DVD as it is now. This stuff will be in the bargain bins at rental shops supermarkets and charity shops until the death of the sun. Only cockroaches will rule the earth but this trash will still be around. God bless the dawn of the DVD age....
critique8436 Tyra Banks needs to teach these girls that it's not all about being beautiful on the outside. The inside counts for something too. A lot of the past winners have looked semi decent but are horribly cruel and starting trouble for the other girls. I see Tyra less involved with the girls in every season. About the only thing worth watching Top Model for is Mr. Jay Manuel. Recently Tyra had a contestant who was a pre-op transsexual. I felt that she should have done more to encourage her. It was obvious that she had insecurities about her original anatomy showing through her feminine look. Tyra should have given her tips or perhaps she could have sent resident Trannie Ms. Jay to help the girl out. Instead the contestant was met with harsh criticism and not enough positive criticism. It's a shame because I truly enjoyed the first 3 seasons. There's a reason why Project Runway has all 4 seasons out on DVD and Top Model only has 1 season on DVD. It's called taste. Top Model seriously needs a lot of revamping an some more humanity.
critique8437 This wasn't funny in 1972. It's not funny now.<br /><br />Unlike a lot of other people I'm not bashing the film because it is incredibly sexist - I quote enjoyed that bit or rather I enjoyed the reaction it generates in annoying PC people - I'm bashing it because it is poorly written and acted.<br /><br />The only really memorable character is Blakey which British people 25 years old will recognise immediately since he was a favourite with impressionists for a long time.<br /><br />Avoid.<br /><br />
critique8438 Am I the only one who thought the point of this film was the graphic violence? I knew nothing about Leigh Scott when I rented it and would not have done so if I had known that most of his previous films were horror films. I am not into that at all I was just expecting an informative docudrama of the 9/11 report.<br /><br />Instead I got an almost incomprehensible violent movie. The only good thing about it for me was that it made me want to read the report to figure out what the heck this movie was about.<br /><br />I wrote this because I am shocked that we have become so immune to violence in films and on TV that it was not even worth commenting on by the bloggers whose reviews that I read.
critique8439 I will never be a member of any club that would have me<br /><br />especially this one.<br /><br />Starr Andreeff is a single mom/stripper who gets attacked by a<br /><br />female vampire and left for dead. She begins to get a hankering for<br /><br />blood and meets up with John Savage looking like he's<br /><br />wondering where he left Michael Cimino's phone number. Savage<br /><br />is also a vampire and wants to let Andreef join his little vampire<br /><br />family which consists of a British vamp the blonde vamp who<br /><br />attacked Starr and a green haired midget (I am not making this<br /><br />up).<br /><br />The family does not want Starr so they try to kill Savage and Starr<br /><br />and Starr's kid.<br /><br />Someone forgot to tell John Savage that this was a drama. He<br /><br />spends most of his screen time exhibiting more facial tics than<br /><br />Hugh Grant on a Jolt Cola bender and he reads all of his lines like<br /><br />he is making a Farrelly Brothers film. Andreeff tries to make the<br /><br />most of a badly written role but screenwriter/director Ruben goes<br /><br />for all the vampire cliches like Starr eating her son's pet hamster<br /><br />and buying a lot of raw meat to fight the craving for blood. The kid<br /><br />also gets knocked around a lot for those who think watching<br /><br />violence against children is really entertaining.<br /><br />The film is extra gory but not in a wild over the top way like "Killer<br /><br />Tongue." Here the gore is gross and never justified it just occurs.<br /><br />It is just in the budget. Most of the R rating goes to Andreeff's<br /><br />coworkers who are put through embarassing strip routines in the<br /><br />background of conversation scenes. The budget does not include<br /><br />vampire fangs! All the vampires here must stab their prey to eat.<br /><br />Nifty idea unless you have already seen George Romero's<br /><br />"Martin."<br /><br />Even at 77 minutes and once you throw in Ruben's attempts at<br /><br />arty direction (skewed frames blurred scenes) this is one<br /><br />tiresome dull and dirty ride. Leave this club and take a shower<br /><br />you will need it.<br /><br />This is rated (R) for strong physical violence gun violence sexual<br /><br />violence strong gore strong profanity female nudity sexual<br /><br />references drug abuse and adult situations.<br /><br />
critique8440 George Zucco was like Boris Karloff in the fact no matter how poor the film he appeared in was he would always maintain a sense of dignity and turn in a fine performance. "The Mad Monster" is no exception to that rule. It is by all standards a poor (if entertaining) film. The filmmakers obviously didn't know how to make the most of their low budget and the script seems as if it was turned out in one or two days. Still Zucco is fine and believable as the mad scientist.<br /><br />The film itself is enjoyable on a camp level. Normal horror movie fans for the most part won't take a liking to PRC films. However these "Poverty Row" productions have a small but loyal cult following. Occasionally they would rise above their limitations with "Detour" being the best example of this. Usually they looked like this. For all its technically poor qualities "The Mad Monster" is an amusing enough way to kill a rainy afternoon. The DVD from Retromedia is recommended as it pairs this with another PRC production "The Black Raven" the original theatrical trailer and best of all an interview with Glenn Strange talking about his role in this movie. (4/10)
critique8441 Alan (Anthony Steffen) an English multi-millionaire with a few screws loose (thanks to his first wife's infidelity and untimely death during childbirth) entices sexy red-headed women to his castle offering them bundles of cash to stay the weekend. Once back at his ancestral pile he gets them nekkid proceeds to flog them with a bull-whip and then kills them.<br /><br />But when he meets blonde hottie Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and falls for her ample charms he decides to give up his murderous ways and get married. Their wedded bliss is short-lived however thanks to Alan's iffy mental state which becomes increasingly fragile when his dead wife Evelyn starts to appear outside his window and a spate of gruesome murders occur within the castle grounds.<br /><br />So let's recap: a groovy 70s Euro-horror with loads of tasty women in various states of undress; spooky Gothic retreats and misty graveyards; a sadistic rich psycho with a penchant for drop-dead gorgeous babes with cracking bods; several vicious murders (including a great bit where one victim has her head bashed in with a rock and her entrails eaten by foxes). Normally a checklist like that would guarantee me a good timeÃ‚Â—so why did I find 'The Night Evelyn Came Out Of Her Grave' so dull? Well for starters the plot is way too convoluted: there are red herrings crazy plot developments and suspects galore and it all becomes a bit too much. By the ridiculous endingÃ‚Â—in which we discover that all along several people have been plotting to get their greedy paws on Alan's wealth and that our red-head killing nut-job is actually supposed to be the hero of the movieÃ‚Â—my head was hurting too much to care! Secondly Emilio Maraglia's direction is pretty torpid. Stylish yes; but as slow as molasses at times.<br /><br />And then there's the bits that are just too damn silly possibly even for a giallo: the death by poisonous snake bite (surely one of the most bizarre choices of weapon ever); Alan's Aunt Agatha an old crippled relative who is played by a pretty young woman; the hiring of a group of identical curly headed blondes as maids; the poor attempt at convincing the audience that the film is set in England (mentioning 'pounds' and hiring a crap police uniform for one of the extras is not enough); and then of course there is the unlikelihood of finding a bag of sulphuric acid laying next to a swimming pool...<br /><br />'The Night Evelyn Came Out Of Her Grave' isn't a total waste of time (how could it be with so much female flesh on show?) but there are much better giallo's out there. Watch this one if you're a fan of the genre and you've already seen the bestÃ‚Â—but don't expect too much.
critique8442 I have always liked Bill Murray in films like Lost in Translation and the trailer for this film looked really good but the result was very disappointing. Basically Murray plays Jack Corcorin who has recently found out that his father died and he is expected to hear his will. He finds out that his father was a clown because he left a large shoe his squeaky nose and his main inheritance an elephant! The only way that Jack can get rid of this elephant is to travel 4000 miles in four days and give him to a safe zoo for $30000. Also starring Pat Hingle as Vernon. There are small tiny moments of humour such as a truck's front bending forward and Murray screaming but overall it's pointless. Pretty poor!
critique8443 I saw Wicked Little Things as part of the "8 Films To Die For" Horrorfest and this was the only film that disappointed me. To wit a mom her little girl and her teenage daughter settle down in an abandoned house in the Pennsylvania mountains. Every night however the vengeful spirits of children killed in a coal mine run about and slaughter anyone they find.<br /><br />I guess the director was banking on his viewers being repulsed that children would be capable of pickaxe murders and eating human flesh (of which there are lavish close-ups as a nice homage to George Romero) because the film just isn't scary otherwise. Simply put there are far too many establishing shots of the evil kids jogging to their next murder site. If someone's gonna get it in the barn there will be a shot of the kids ARRIVING at the barn (oh the suspense) and then moving in for the kill.<br /><br />Come to think of it why do the kids suddenly walk SO SLOWLY when they corner their prey? And not that I have any experience in this but I think a shotgun blast will throw a child A LOT FARTHER than this film implies...? Nor does it help that the mom is one of the worst parents I've ever seen in any film. "The lock on the front door is busted"? You have an EIGHT-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER in the WOODS with BEARS and MOUNTAIN LIONS! FIX IT you MORON!!! Plus Mom and her oldest daughter look waaaay too close together in age- even for a teen pregnancy and there's a pretty unbelievable death which involves sneaking up on somebody trying to push a car out of the mud with their butt.<br /><br />I'm giving this a 3 because it tried. As a splatter film it's not bad. But for good scares go elsewhere.
critique8444 I don't give much credence to AIDS conspiracy theories but its sociologically interesting to see the phenomenon dramatized. In the early years of the AIDS epidemic the suffering and paranoia of the scared and dying often generated such dark fantasies. This was especially true in the politically radical and sexually extreme demi-monde of San Francisco. The city renowned for its beauty has rarely appeared uglier than in this film. A sense of darkness and decomposition pervades every scene.<br /><br />While the acting and plot can't be said to be well-done the films unique cultural context and oppressively dark mood at least partly saves the film from being a complete loss. Actually I found the most interesting performance to be Irit Levi as a crusty and cynical Jewish lesbian (?) police detective. She's interesting though not necessarily convincing.<br /><br />Highlights: the film's use of the garishly tragic Turandot is an effective motif and there is a sublime silent cameo by iconic performance artist Ron Athey.
critique8445 I rented the video of "The Piano Teacher" knowing nothing about it other than what was written on the video box. I did this with some trepidation because films that win awards at Cannes are usually very good or very bad. Unfortunately this one falls in the latter category. About one quarter of the way into it I found myself saying out loud "This movie is boring." About half way through I was saying to myself "Where have I seen this before?" At the three quarters mark I had figured it out.<br /><br />In spite of its literary origins this film is essentially a remake of Robert Altman's much earlier (1969) and better "That Cold Day in the Park." Although the details obviously differ and Altman's work was more plot-driven and less of a character study the two films are thematically identical. There is nothing "new" to be seen in this production. Every aspect of it has been done before: a character spiralling out of control with increasingly self-destructive behavior (Abel Ferrara's "Bad Lieutenant" 1992); a perverse and doomed 'love' culminating in an operatic (near) death scene (David Cronenberg's "M. Butterfly" 1993); uncommonly brutal sex scenes (David Lynch's "Blue Velvet" 1986); and so on. Hence I am bemused by the fact that so many found the film to be "shocking" "shattering" etc. This highly derivative film seems to have been made for the sole purpose of making viewers feel uncomfortable and clearly succeeded with some. However I largely attribute such a reaction to a lack of film-viewing experience. See enough movies and you really will eventually have seen it all. And while it is true that I saw the expurgated 'R-rated' version I doubt that the additional scenes would change my overall opinion of "The Piano Teacher."<br /><br />Technically the film is not without merit. There is some very good camera work and the lighting is excellent. Isabelle Huppert's creditable performance also helps save it from being a waste of time. This is the first of Haneke's films that I've seen and if I were to see more I expect I would have the same opinion of him that I have of Ferrara: an interesting director but not nearly the genius others make him out to be. Rating: 4/10.
critique8446 I saw this movie a couple years back. I could'nt sleep and there was nothing on. So I peeped it. What really gets me is it makes no sense and thats why its disturbing. Richard gets tied up in chicken wire and Jarvis starts making out with Richard's girl while she's unconscious. Then Jarvis's buddy Troubador is playing some stupid song on his guitar. By the next morning it shows Richard's girl talking to Jarvis and Trouby and then she walks back to Richard and looks at him while he's still tied up. Then they play some happy music and the movie is finished. I mean what happened? Did they brake up? And what was she saying to those 2 guys(Trouby and Jarvis)? Its to puzzling and to poor to. I can't stand movies that are disturbing and don't make sense. This was the worst film i've ever seen since the 90's version of Lord of the Flies.
critique8447 Based on the true story of two young Americans who sold national secrets to the Soviet Union in the height of the Cold War "Falcon And The Snowman" wants to be both suspenseful and philosophical and winds up falling short in both departments. It's less le CarrÃƒÂ© than who cares.<br /><br />Timothy Hutton stars as Christopher Boyce a former seminarian who disgusted by Watergate and the middle-class values around him is probably the wrong guy to be hired by a company running spy satellites for the CIA. Sean Penn plays his drug-dealing pal Daulton Lee who makes himself Boyce's courier delivering secret files to the Soviet embassy in Mexico City. An offbeat synth-jazz score lack of sympathy or emotional attachment for anyone and lots of scenes of guys getting angry in rooms all combine to deaden what could have a decent moral-dilemma thriller.<br /><br />It's really Penn's movie despite the second billing; his character gets to talk turkey with the Russians while Hutton plays with his pet falcon. Hutton looks like they woke him up five minutes before they called "action". With Penn it's a crapshoot whether you get a brilliant performance or an over-the-top one. Here it's a bit of both but more the latter especially in the second half when Lee switches from coke to heroin. He screeches. He snorts. He crashes Russian embassy parties. He gets pummeled with telephone books. He spits at himself in a mirror a big goober he must have been saving for a paparazzi. "I don't know who my friends are anymore!" he cries out. It's exhausting to just watch him.<br /><br />Penn seems to have modeled Lee somewhat on Dustin Hoffman's Ratso Rizzo from "Midnight Cowboy" complete with overly nasal line readings and constant eye shifting. John Schlesinger directed this film as well as "Midnight Cowboy" but he seems to have had another Hoffman film in mind "The Graduate" throwing up scene after scene of Boyce and Lee poolside trying to decide how to live their lives in their gilded cage. Too bad no one suggested plastics.<br /><br />From the opening shots news footage of American decline juxtaposed with Boyce and his bird "Falcon" makes clear it is a message movie though the message itself is far from clear probably because the characters never come into focus. Is Boyce supposed to be an idealist? Or is he just a mercenary? Hutton and Schlesinger don't seem to know which makes it harder for us. Meanwhile opportunities to establish some suspense like Boyce stealing documents from the top secret "Black Vault" where he works or Lee playing games with the Russians are interrupted by jump cuts to scenes of the pair with their families and friends. It's the normalcy of the story that Schlesinger finds interesting but it's the least interesting aspect for us.<br /><br />Good stuff: It's interesting to see a film that works the 1970s vibe so early as this one referencing Maria Muldaur and Tang. Dorian Harewood memorable in "Full Metal Jacket" has a nice turn as Boyce's paranoid colleague Gene who shows Boyce how to make margaritas with a shredder but has some serious 'Nam issues beneath his partying exterior. Macon McCalman is also fine in a totally different way as the no-nonsense boss who gives Boyce his high-security job. David Suchet as the Russian embassy official who deals with Lee makes for a fascinating blend of menace and amiability.<br /><br />But "Falcon And The Snowman" stands or falls on the the question of the two title characters and neither the actors nor Schlesinger are able to mine much in the way of answers. Worse after more than two hours in their alternately feral and catatonic company you don't really want answers. You just want those credits to roll.
critique8448 This unpleasant film has little to recommend it. Dolph Lundgren gives a performance that is better than either this script or his other action films have allowed. And there are occasional snippets of dialog that suggest the film might have been able to provide some insight into a bizarre subculture.<br /><br />But no. Motivations are either murky or trite. Most of the acting is sub-par. The script creates needless confusion. And the director's needless fascination with focusing on gore is distracting.<br /><br />It's hard to imagine who the audience is for this film.
critique8449 Not even Emeril Lagasse cooking can save this disjointed overheaded idiotic nonsense starring emeril lagasse as a TV chef from the food channelwho with help of the crew to try to make the show better poor plot and stupid script throw this show down the drain Robert Urich wasted in the poorly supporting role and sadly this was his last one ever(R.I.P.) <br /><br />This is the worst show of 2001 and it will be on the list of the worst shows of this decade.<br /><br />I Feel Very Sorry for Emeril Lagasse for making this sitcom he even said himself it stunk.<br /><br />It's hard to believe that they are the same producers of designing women that did this mess.<br /><br />TV Review: 1 Star
critique8450 Its gonna be hard to make this fill 10 lines.... But ill give it a try (just to prevent others from making the same mistake as i did - to watch this (awful and boring) movie.<br /><br />I like Patrick swayze - he did a excellent performance in films like Ghost - Dirty Dancing - Point Break - North & South (TV series) but in this movie..... ARGH....This movie is so booooooring the acting is awful - the script sucks - well.. i cant even find ONE good thing nothing absolutely NOTHING. I was watching it with 2 other friends and we all agreed that this was one of the most boring films we had ever seen and the fact that it lasts for more then 3 hours (which we didn't know) - when part 1 was over and it said "to be continued" we almost cried "nooooooooooooo do we have to watch 90 minutes more of this movie!!!!".<br /><br />Its painful to see this movie: At no time do you get the impression that the actors are Russians the action scenes are extremely bad. The ONLY good scene is when the truck explodes in the beginning of the movie! The rest is CRAP! GO clean your toilet instead of watching this movie (and don't come running crying if you do see this movie - you were pre warned!) Personally i would recommend Patrick Swayze to call his agent and have them recall this movie - its that bad.
critique8451 A sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous life: one as a "happily" married man with a ten year oldish child the other as a sex fiend. The bulk of the documentary-like film follows him for five consecutive days and is told in flashback with Nastassja Kinski as a clinical sex therapist listening to his story and intelligently probing him. Nastassja's role is very restrictive and she is the only principal adult character who does not take off her clothes. If she had I would have rated this movie a big fat "F." As it is it rates an F+ implying that it is still a failure unless one likes to be bored. It is probably a lot more interesting to spend ninety minutes cleaning out the garage. "Diary of a Sex Addict" falls into the category of films that once one has seen it one wishes that one hadn't.
critique8452 First and foremost I take issue to the title of this movie. 'Chupacabra' is not a Spanish word. The name to which they are referring is 'Chupacabras'. I imagine they dropped the 's' because it sounds plural that way but I assure you it is singular in Spanish.<br /><br />Next I thought this movie had been done years ago. It came off as one of those B horror flicks I watched when I was an early teenager at home when my stepdad was out of town. Then it would have been kind of scary.<br /><br />Let's talk about the special effects. The most important 'effect' is the costume used for the Chupacabras. Given that it is the main character you would think some serious money would have been put into it but that isn't so. The shape color and texture were all goofy like some stupid haunted house at Disney World.<br /><br />There were times when the Chupacabras was walking where no man could walk. His movement were jerky and strange at these times but moving around on the floor looked like any normal man.<br /><br />Another thing I take issue to is that there is no animal in the world that goes around slaughtering everything it sees with no regard to actually eating it. The Chupacrabas would kill one then the next but it never seemed to actually eat the victim. You say "It's just a movie" and I agree. But the idea is so far out there that it's stupid.<br /><br />What country is Dr. Pena from? He sounds sort of Jamaincan/Hawaiian/British/Something-Else but I think he's supposed to be Latino. The problem is his accent is so bad that even a Russian could tell he wasn't Latino.<br /><br />The soldiers fired round after round at this thing and weren't making a dent yet the continued to fire. I'm no military man but don't soldiers especially the special tactical forces such as this have to have some wit about them to perform their duties? Wouldn't they figure out that it was a waste of time to shoot and try something new? They didn't. They just kept firing away while the Chupacabras continued to slaughter and not eat them.<br /><br />Did they have to kill the little dog? :) Anyway my vote was 3 for this flick because it was bad. Why did I watch the whole thing? I'm sure you've done the same on occasion so don't give me an flack. ;)
critique8453 Hargh... this film is so bad it's almost good. Trash at its best. Jesus' bro vs. pimps...come on. I'd say that you'd actually have to see this it's so bad... my sides hurt when I laughed. I can't understand why this isn't in the worst 100.
critique8454 Sorry folks but all of you that say this is a great documentary... and that award it won at Sundance... well you've all been duped. I've heard for a few years how I had to see this documentary and I finally watched it. Maybe in 1999 when it came out and reality TV didn't have such a dominant presence in the industry this movie would have seemed entertaining. But Mike and Mark are so obviously playing themselves Mike and Mark. At times they are funny and some of the lines seem off the cuff but mostly they do not ring true. They are the reality version of Jay and Silent Bob. Yes the people are real they are not actors but it's put on it's exaggeration of themselves and it's so obvious that it's hard to believe so many people think it's the real deal. I wasn't fooled so it was actually a tad boring. Mildly amusing but not missing much if you miss it.
critique8455 Robot Holocaust is about the lamest most pathetic attempt at making a post-apocalyptic movie that I've seen. And I thought the Italians were the masters of wretched Mad Max wannabes. Some of those movies like Escape 2000 are positively brilliant in comparison with this piece of poo. The plot is nonsensical Ã‚Â– even with a narrator setting up every scene. And boy does it drag. Scene after scene with nothing of any interest happening. The special effects (and I use the word "special" loosely) consist of sock puppets. Yes that's right Ã‚Â– sock puppets! The acting is abysmal. Angelika Jager is in the running for worst performance I've ever seen. Sure she's French or German or whatever Ã‚Â– but man is she bad. I cannot think of a single positive thing to say about the movie. So I'll stop there because ten sentences on this junk is about ten too many.<br /><br />However and fortunately for me I saw the MST3K version of Robot Holocaust. Some of the things that made the movie so bad helped make this MST3K episode a winner. For a season one episode the riffs come fast and furious and hit their mark just about every time. On my MST3K rating scale I give this episode a 4/5 Ã‚Â– seek it out.
critique8456 Princess Warrior is a science fiction action movie with a pretty thin plot-essentially on the death of their queen mother two sisters one evil and one good fight for control of the throne. The good sister is being beaten so she escapes to Earth where she appears buck naked in a strip club in the middle of a wet t-shirt contest. The rest of the movie is basically one long chase scene as the evil sister tries to find and kill the younger good sister. But the younger sister is helped by Bob a good-hearted DJ and everything is complicated by police involvement and the good sister's ignorance of Earth customs and culture. The older sister catches up to her younger sibling several times but the latter manages to escape and go on the run again. Throughout all of this action there is a cult of women on the home planet having some kind of a space age sÃƒÂ©ance to bring the good sister back. Sadly a good portion of this film seems to be rather boring car chase scenes as they drive around Los Angeles (and what was that sound effect when the police car crashed???) The film culminates in another physical fight between the sisters with a predictable ending.<br /><br />It seems to borrow elements from Star Wars (the light sabers and the look of the girls' home planet in the opening and subsequent scenes) Dr. Who (the phone booth like means of transportation) and some of the costumes (from the cult on the home planet) could have been taken from Star Trek episodes.<br /><br />Ms. Dana Fredsti (the evil sister in the movie) in another user comment mentioned "the endless (and dull) wet T-shirt contest. It is seriously the longest wet T-shirt contest in cinema history. And the only one where the contestants were wearing industrial strength cotton-polyester shirts that defied all efforts to get them wet and translucent." I couldn't state it any better. The only thing I would add is that the music in this scene is just plain annoying.<br /><br />Most of the acting is pretty over the top but that seems to suit the whole style of the movie. The actors playing Vinnie and Vito were just too much for me-I just found them annoying. Ms. Fredsti (Curette) seemed to be enjoying herself and not taking the whole thing too seriously in contrast to Sharon Lee Jones who acted decently but seemed to be taking everything more seriously. All of the police were portrayed as bumbling idiots presumably to add comic relief which is a bit unnecessary given that the whole movie was rather comical.<br /><br />From a ratings perspective this film had a lot of foul language; some topless women and others scantily clad in thongs but not enough skin to satisfy those who are looking for nudity; one sex scene that was portrayed in a non-graphic arty dreamlike fashion; and little violence-while there were threats of violence throughout the scenes of both sword fighting and brawling were exaggerated and too camp to be "offensive" though it looked like the actors were having a lot of fun with it.<br /><br />I have to wonder who came up with the character names? Ovule (a small egg) Curette (a surgical instrument used for scraping and cleaning) Exzema (suspiciously similar to a disease characterized by scaling skin and pruritus) Bulemia (an eating disorder with binging and purging) and Rickettsia (another disease)? <br /><br />Overall this is a bad low budget campy sci-fi action movie but it did keep me entertained though I might need a few drinks before watching it again.
critique8457 I don't recommend you watching this movie if you are easily offended. I'm not even easily offended and this movie made me frustrated. It's so disgusting. And it doesn't make sense. All the internet thing is so clichÃƒÂ© and the producer obviously didn't understand all the "internet rules". When you chat with someone you CAN track their IP address. Really? (see the sarcasm here). It was dumb. Pointless. And I didn't even watch the end. I could always say "this doesn't make sense this neither..." This movie is pure crap at his best. Nice comment right?
critique8458 The problem with this movie is that it isn't funny it isn't scary it isn't dramatic it isn't intriguing it isn't stimulating it isn't it isn't exciting it isn't even the slightest bit interesting. I saw this film recently on tape and I was glad I didn't spent any money to rent it. It's basically a poor attempt at film-making. I won't even bother to tell you the story. Story? What story?
critique8459 The good news is a movie was made drawing on a supposed Aztec myth and featuring an unusually Aztec-American (is such a word exists) cast. The bad news is it was dead at birth.<br /><br />If Ed Wood had come out of retirement and coached George Romaro through his classic 'Night of the Living Dead' this is what we might have come up with. 'The Legend of Diablo' is clearly fodder for any future resurrections of 'Mystery Science Theatre 3000!'<br /><br />I don't think one can even call this a 'B' movie. The production values are so abysmal that I kept getting the feeling I was watching either a lengthy skit from a variety show or a backyard 8-mm film shot by a group of school kids. <br /><br />SOME SPOILERS<br /><br />The basic plot line sounded interesting enough to lure me into renting it. A rural California sheriff finds a box containing an Aztec demon and accidentally unleashes it on the unsuspecting community. His daughters one hot and one homely team with a gringo FBI man and a priest to try to re-cage the demon. <br /><br />Meanwhile every zombie scene one has ever seen in previous undead movies is re-enacted-poorly. These zombies walk more like an army of Nutty Professors than the undead! The supposed infrared scenes from the demon's viewpoint are nothing special Ã‚Â… and he/she/it sure seems to back up a lot (as opposed to turning around the moving forward). And the scene where the priest lures the demon out of the cave in fast-motion is ludicrous! It really really appears to be done for comic effect-although I know it wasn't! I kept expecting the Benny Hill theme music to start playing & for the whole gang of zombies to start chasing the priest all over the beach!<br /><br />Of course the Darth Vader/Field of Dreams voice calling the FBI agent becomes downright comical. Then again so was most of this cheese ball! Robert Napton director and writer of the screenplay should win SOMEthing for this effort! (How about a lifetime blackballing like the 'Hollywood 10?') This one I now see is rated 1.5 on a 10-scale. I fear this might be a tad generous! <br /><br />Is there anything good about this movie? Well Lindsey Lofaso looks pretty hot as the younger daughter of the dead sheriff. This is probably why her homely older sister (Calvi Pabon) really ran away from home! Fred Estrado is reasonably decent as the FBI agent. I wonder if Mario Soto who played Father Rodriguez is the same Mario Soto who pitched for the Cincinnati Reds? If so he should have stuck to baseball. In fact they couldn't have done any worse if they had gone with a baseball theme and called it 'Demons in the Outfield!'<br /><br />If I find out this was actually a project for a community college cinema class I will issue apologies. It might be good enough for a B or even B+ as long as the gang got the college's camcorder back to campus in one piece! 'The Blair Witch Project' proved that a cool campy movie could be made on a shoestring. 'The Legend of Diablo' though didn't appear to have a shoestring OR shoes to work from! It was low-budget low-talent low-everything. The very final scene-and I mean about the final 10 seconds of the film-is the ONLY mildly creative or interesting moment.<br /><br />I paid $3.45 to rent this. I could have better spent it on a hamburger!
critique8460 Oh My God this is so idiotic. Completely pointless offensive and repulsive. Why do the writers have such a problem with actually getting Zoey and Chase together we all want them too! in normal shows there's actually MORE THAN ONE plot conflict in the show wow what a concept. also you cant even tell the Zoey 101 episodes apart from each other because the same thing happens every time. Quinn exploits Dustin for some weird thing Nicole is giggly and stupid Zoey is just kinda there Chase slobbers after her all the time but she amazingly fails to notice and Logan is a jerk. repeat. Quinn exploits Dustin for some weird thing Nicole is giggly and stupid Zoey is just kinda there Chase slobbers after her all the time but she amazingly fails to notice and Logan is a jerk. repeat. it's like a shampoo bottle. and the end of the movie omg again. so pointless NOTHING HAPPENS. it's like they specifically designed it so that the movie could fit between any two episodes of the show and the show would go completely unchanged after the movie plot.
critique8461 No just kidding. It was God-awful.<br /><br />I was watching my local Sci-fi station last night which plays movies every night within a monthly theme. This month it's "Space Turkeys Or: How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love The Bombs". Movies so bad they should never have been made. This was a good selection.<br /><br />Everything about this movie is thoroughly horrible with two exceptions the gore make-up (which showed potential) and the editing (which slightly out did the rest of the movie in terms of being horrible). The acting is horrible all around the dialog is horrible the script the direction. It's not a good movie.<br /><br />It consists of two forms of special effects gore and stock footage of space. I'll focus on the gore. Watching this movie I thought to myself "What WAS the motivation behind the making of this movie?" People like making stuff sure but I was hesitant to think anything good could have come of it for anyone involved. I came to the conclusion that this movie was made as a means to increase the Make-up Effects guy's Demo Reel. He (Rick Baker) actually went on to a pretty nice career he's worked on STAR WARS (1977) KING KONG (1976) MEN IN BLACK (1996) and even THE INCREDIBLE SHRINKING WOMAN (1981) plus a number of other notable flicks. Other than that I can't say I've ever actually SEEN a real live melting man - incredible or otherwise - but I'd have to say this seemed to be a fair representation of one.<br /><br />Now when I think of bad editing I usually think of maybe a scene where someone's talking on the phone and then in the middle of the scene the phone jumps down to his shoulder or something to that effect. This movie really serves to highlighted the fact that bad editing can take many forms. Specifically over-long and utterly useless scenes. Just about every scene dragged on longer than it should have from a little bit of dead air to that crazy-long screaming scene with Cleaver Girl. And that severed head in the river the head gets thrown into a river (in slow motion) the movie carries on for a couple minutes and then we cut back to the floating head and watch it fall down a waterfall. While I'm sure they were all very proud of their severed head WHAT THE HELL??<br /><br />Lastly I'll mention the running fat lady/slow motion scene right near the beginning. The jerky slow motion tells me that they didn't shoot the scene in slow motion originally but later decided that it "wasn't working like that" and then slowed it down. Oy vey. In any event if you should ever see another movie in which a hysterical fat woman runs down a hall and then directly through a closed glass door - all in slow motion mind you - remember THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN for *this* is where it all started.<br /><br />Movies like this are best viewed at home with a bunch of friends. This one's a little slow most of the time but that's just all the more time to come up with your own one-liners. It's not the worst of the worst but it's pretty freaking bad.
critique8462 This is Wes Craven at his worst! this is the very worst horror if you can call it horror you will ever watch esp from one of the masters of horror Wes Craven Poor Direction Poor Acting Poor Set Poor Atmosphere makes this the biggest pile of rubbish ever! the bad guy is totally unconvincing you couldn't even feel sorry for the guy! the gore and horror involved in the film is laughable it's just plain rubbish! the only good points i can think of is It stars Natasha Gregson Wagner Giovanni Ribisi and Lance Henriksen but not even that cast could stop this from spiralling out of control and into one of the worst horrors ever. If you still ain't watch it yet don't bother you'll only hate it.
critique8463 In the Comic Modesty is strong. Alexandra Staden who plays Modesty Blaise looks more like an anorectic fashion model. She does not either have the moral or personality that Modesty have in the comics. Modesty would never give a woman an advice to show more skin to earn more money. I cannot see any similarities with my comic books with Modesty and this movie. Its like a Mission Impossible movie would be about Ethan Hunt locked in the detention room in high school talking with the janitor about when he went to junior high school and Hunt would have been played by DJ Qualls (in Road Trip). Soo if you are an Modesty fan do not see the movie you will just get angry. If do not know much about the Modesty comics rent an other movie do not wast your time with this one.I cannot understand how Quentin Tarantino can put his name on it. I will ask for a refund at my DVD rent store tomorrow.
critique8464 I cannot get over how awful this movie was. My eyes want to jump out of my head and my ears are gushing blood from the horrible awful one song soundtrack. There are four kids and dog and they run away from a hospital then get away with stealing two cars and a bus. No one gives them any punishment or anything to correct them. The acting is just so awful it sounds like an instruction video for social studies class. I cannot think of one thing that I like about this movie. Nothing. Even the kid that loses his dog made me want to vomit. He gets his dog back without the lady even seeing the dog run out the door. Maybe the dog was trying to escape out of this movie. Then there is some horse manure in the whole mix. It was torture watching this movie. Then at the end the oldest boy says something like staying together isn't a crime and they all hug him and love him. Stealing gas is a crime. Stealing two cars and a bus is a crime and he should have went to juvenile hall or something. Avoid this movie at all costs and especially if you want to keep your family together.
critique8465 By strange coincidence I've started to watch this move straight after Brice de Nice and the good thing was that not many movies could be worst than Brice de Nice so I was really looking forward for something better which would make me forget this horrible flop.<br /><br />Unfortunately OSS-117 again left me disappointed - I don't know maybe it's just problem with translations but since "Diner de Cons" I haven't seen ANY French comedy that I would call really good. Even when I look at the reviews on IMDb only people from France are giving the OSS-117 high notes...<br /><br />For me this movie didn't really work - in some parts is as funny as real Bond movies in others jokes were a little bit too predictable or too corny.
critique8466 I'll say one thing for Jeanette and Nelson--even when stranded in a mirthless witless painfully inept musical like this there's still that twinkle in their eyes. Yes the chemistry between the famous duo is there even when the material is paper thin. Even when the score is practically a throwaway non-existent one depending on just a couple of catchy tunes. And even when the circumstances are so unbelievable--yes even for a fantasy.<br /><br />Truth to tell she has more chemistry with Nelson than with her own real-life husband Gene Raymond in SMILIN' THROUGH which nonetheless was a considerably better film.<br /><br />Sorry I love Jeanette and Nelson as much as the next fan but this is the bottom of the heap. Jeanette is more than embarrassing in her one "hep" number with Binnie Barnes--and Nelson can only come up with a blank stare when faced with the most ludicrous situations.<br /><br />One can only wonder what this was like on Broadway in 1938. Surely it must have had more wit and style than is evident in this weak MGM production. Edward Everett Horton fizzles in an unfunny role and none of the supporting players can breathe any semblance of life into this mess. It's like amateur night at the studio even with the few professionals sprinkled among the supporting cast.<br /><br />Summing up: Painfully clumsy rendering of a Rodgers and Hart musical. Can't recommend it even for fans of MacDonald and Eddy. And even if Jeanette's close-ups still glow with her gossamer beauty this film is jaw-droppingly bad.
critique8467 This is the worst movie I have ever seen. A movie that is about a stupid looking monster from the ocean that threatens a small town which has to be filled with the dumbest people on earth.<br /><br />SPOILERS IF YOU EVEN CARE<br /><br />They can't even kill the damn thing by the end of the movie. The movie ends and they're like "Well some day we'll have to kill it."<br /><br />Avoid at all costs.
critique8468 I found this movie to be a great idea that didn't deliver. It seems they found a way to build suspense but couldn't stage their payoffs very well. In one case the police are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. They painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. At the same time the kidnapped man (Mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. After all the build up the police arrive at the same time he gets free which is very anti-climatic to say the least. There are also large narration scenes that take us "inside the thinking" of the terrorized husband and wife which detracts from the suspense rather than adds to it. We are fully aware of their tension and the voice-over is an insult and robs the viewer of any chance of a personal experience with the fear as Hitchcock proved time and again is far more effective. The greatest disappointment is to sit through the whole movie and the get the quick rather bland ending. I mean it just..."ends" in a snore.
critique8469 As far as I can understand TIW WATCHER is the first work of a young director. My doubt is if this is the work of a regular guy who happens to love films or if this is the work of a cinema student since there is a reference to Oporto School of Arts in the final credits.<br /><br />Nevertheless director Ricardo Pinho demonstrates with this movie a total unawareness of some basic notions about cinema. What is a movie? How to tell a story? It doesn't matter for the novice director. One of the first things you learn in school when you're studying cinema is how to tell a story. You learn that just like in novels in movies you should also construct your story in three acts: the introduction the development and the conclusion. You learn that your story should have a protagonist and an antagonist and that there should be a climax. You learn this is valid for a 3-hour-epic for the regular movie for a short film and even believe it or not for a 30-second commercial. You also learn there can be levels of subtleness in your approach to the academic structure and that ultimately you can even deconstruct it.<br /><br />In rough terms TIM WATCHER introduces us its main character and then the movie ends - the whole movie sounds like the introduction of the characters in Jeunet's AMÃƒÂ‰LIE. There are no second or third acts in TIM WATCHER. This is not a parody or an art film thus you can't even try to justify the disrespect for the academic structure. You are expecting to be told a story and it doesn't happen. Worst than that TIM WATCHER defines itself as a warning; and one with no real purpose. It doesn't make a point or at least not a valid one. Its point is childish with a sense of vengeance. The situations portrayed are utterly simple and its approach is Manichaean.<br /><br />I was expecting a lot more from this short. The movie opens with a rather good-looking credits sequence and you quickly realize you are watching something with better production values than the regular Portuguese short film. I don't know the budget for this movie but judging for the thanks-list in the end credits merit must go to the production team for such good connections in a country where's difficult to have doors opened to young filmmakers.<br /><br />TIM WATCHER seems to be an exercise in style color and carefully chosen plans combined with a fine score. That's all. There's nothing else. There's no plot. And that's a shame because it feels like a waste of production values. Hardly you can see in the regular Portuguese short such diversity of locations and so many available extras to enrich a story.<br /><br />As absurd as the comparison may sound I must refer the BMW shorts as a fine example of how you can tell a good story in a very short film severely conditioned to product placement and over-the-top stylish cinematography.
critique8470 I know most of the other reviews say that this movie was great but I have to disagree.<br /><br />Sure it's a good book! It was actually one of my favorites when I was verrry little. But it's just not meant for theaters. Maybe for a little half-hour short but I don't see how they can turn a short kiddie book into a whole feature film.<br /><br />It is a cute movie but I would only recommend it for really little kids. Older kids will have no interest it. Adults may have a little more interest if they watch it with their young ones. But anyone ages 7-Adult will have a snore-fest.<br /><br />Sorry if you disagree with me but this is my opinion. :)
critique8471 Neal N Nikki is voted on of the Worst films of the year by Planetbollywood. Its hard to believe the famous Chopra's have produced this lousy movie. It was presented as a movie for the family but turns out to be a ridiculous sex comedy. Nor does it make you laugh but cry of boredom and nor does it have any sexy girls to make the film look sexy. The title song is the most annoying song of the decade I'm the Neil I'm the man rock star superstar. Uday Chopra is one of Bollywood's worst actors ever with no acting talent. After making many Super Flops and not receiving any movies from a producer rather then his Family. He gives a total crap performance that bores you to death. Tanisha who is and will always be known for being Kajol's sister gives a dreadful performance. Both actors have the most annoying chemistry and are very immature for their age. It has a special appearance by the very cute Richa Pollad in a pathetic role. The ending was so daft and stupid I cant believe i actually paid money to rent this crap.
critique8472 As has been noted this formula has been filmed several times most recently as "You've Got Mail" with Tom Hanks and Meg"Trout Pout" Ryan. Of the several versions this is my least favorite. The problem i think is that the studio coasted on the Stars charisma which doesn't quite cut it here.<br /><br />The chemistry betwixt the two leads never comes to a boil in this movie. There are no real sparks. Van Johnson and Judy Garland remind me of day old donuts pleasant but bland. And when the leads are boring the rest of the movie can only follow. Judy in particular is disappointing. She looks like she has no neck! I don't know if she was having trouble with pain or something but she looks like a turtle trying to pull it's head into it's shell all hunched up and everything. I couldn't figure out what Van Johnson was getting so hot about. I would have made a bee line for that cute violin player. And Van wasn't great either. I've always thought of him as a rather generic Hollywood leading man and he doesn't do anything to dispel that image here.<br /><br />If you're a fan of the stars or the early 1900's then you might like this movie. But there are a lot more entertaining romantic comedies out there and they offer you much more than a mouthful of stale confection.
critique8473 Ally McBeal was a decent enough show but it was very overrated. The characters become boring after a while and the jokes begin to fall short.<br /><br />I think it chose an appropriate point in time to leave - it was starting to outstay its welcome.
critique8474 my friend bought the movie for 5Ã‚Â€ (its is not even 1 cent worth) because they wrote it was like American pie. but we would soon find out that there is a long way from American pie to that piece of crap. it is not even a comedy its more like a really really really bad documentary. not only the story is bad the picture and sound also sucks to. they put in some alcohol chicks dwarfs and drunken teens. and the result is a disaster. if you see this movie don't buy it rather spend your money on something else and better. if you are gonna torture yourself then don't invite your friend/s unless you hate really much and you want to get rid of them.
critique8475 I cannot believe that they managed to spend US$17million on this film. Spectacularly bad acting egregious scripting and effects that you could do on your average PC unbelievable plot contrivances...a reporter who can get an inexperienced stewardess a major job at the UN? What? Not only that but the message of this film is so unsubtle that you come out feeling as if they've tried to batter you over the head with a full size crucifix. All this movie will do will preach to the choir and make everyone else laugh at such a ridiculous waste of money. If the makers of this film really wanted to sway people to christianity and show what it means to truly believe they would have used the money to help people truly in need. Now /that/ might have swayed some people into actually listening to them.
critique8476 How can a movie have Ozzy Osbourne and still suck? I just don't get it. Trick or Treat managed to do it. This sucks and likes it.<br /><br />Trick or Treat is one of those movies I have to warn people about. It is a vomit-inducing vile atrocity just begging to be viewed so you can feel that much worse about yourself. Trick or Treat has no redeeming factors.<br /><br />For a movie about heavy metal it sure doesn't seem to grasp what heavy metal is or what it represents. This movie manages to make heavy metal look lame and this was in 1986 probably one of heavy metal's strongest hours. That is quite a feat however negative.<br /><br />Trick or Treat = so bad you will be angry at yourself for having watched it. That simple equation will hopefully keep you away from this brainless and gutless film.
critique8477 I know no one cares but I do. This film is historic for one reason. It is the unity of two heroes from two great seventies sci-fi films. Well one is great and one is quite bad. The great one is truly great in fact it's the best. The bad one is truly bad in fact it's the worst. Of course of the great I refer to "Star Wars" and it's star Mark Hamill aka "Luke Skywalker" who is the hero of this film about a kid who gets his Vette swiped and then goes to Vegas (on a lead) and after a whole lot of adventures eventually recovers it. (Since he's into fixing cars I guess you can call him "Lube Skywalker"). Along the way he meets a hooker with a heart of gold and ends up facing off with a character played by Kim Milford the hero from the seventies sci-fi cult film "Laserblast" which is as I've hinted at earlier the worst sci-fi film ever made. Milford plays the lead baddie whom Hamill must steal his car back from. I realize that no one cares about this meeting of two great sci-fi heroes but I do. And I also must say that this is one of the best/worst movies of all time. Mark Hamill's acting needs the force the plot needs extensive Jedi training and the character of the hooker played by Annie Potts just might be the most annoying character of all time ever in any film I've ever seen. But it's a fun movie to watch on a weekend day or a weekday night late at night very late. It's one of those films that meanders looking for something but without quite finding it and yet at the same time it's entire purpose is like free-form jazz to simply exist as is. And it does. And what is isn't that great but you can't say it isn't entertaining because for an hour and a half you might feel ripped off but you won't feel cheated. So turn off your mind relax and enjoy this muddled gem without any expectations and may the force be with you always.
critique8478 The movie has a good start portraying an interesting and strong Shannon Lee and introduces two very simpathetic side characters through the first half. But later something happens and all the sudden Shannon turns into this straight faced second hand bad girl and the movie gets lost in it's own context. The second half lacks any kind of charisma and is full of clichÃƒÂ©s bad acting a horrible plot and even worse stunt coordination. Not to mention the horrible actors they chose for the chechen mafia gang.<br /><br />"Game of Death 2" was bad and clownified Bruce but his daughter tops it making an even bigger embarrassment of herself than the double who played Bruce Lee back then. I truly believe that she can do much better than this and I hope she participates in a better production next time.<br /><br />If you are a real hard core action fan and don't care about quality go ahead and see this movie. I was personally looking forward to it but just got terribly disappointed.
critique8479 The only reason any of the hundred or so users watched this movie was because they belong to the crew were friends to the crew or were obsessive fans of either Lance Henriksen or Lorenzo Lamas. I personally follow the "cult of Lance" so I was disappointed to see that despite being the headliner it's in name only. Playing rich criminal Newcastle Lance is a joy to watch but all of his screen time is relegated to the beginning of the movie. Newcastle sets up a 747 heist which includes Ketchum (Lamas) and a bunch of forgettable characters. The biggest shock to this viewer was that the pre-heist scenes were not all that bad. With the exception of somewhat obnoxious and rather confused looking Aviva Gale who times every line with the finesse of a grade school play actress acting was decent all around and none of the lines really made me cringe.<br /><br />But once the heist occurs the movie falls asleep. Not only is their plan the most ridiculous thing ever captured on film but it's dragged out for far too long. This isn't a very deep movie and you have to fill out your 90 minutes but these scenes are so boring I nearly nodded off at two in the afternoon. One particular sequence in which we watch each and every one of the characters perform the same task over and over again is especially difficult to get through. The movie's name is "Rapid Exchange" but the exchange is far from rapid - it's overlong and bloated to extremes. Perhaps it would have worked if any of the characters had real personalities but come on there's only so much you can ask out of a straight-to-video movie airing of Showtime Extreme.<br /><br />Thankfully there are several laughs intentional and unintentional (Lorenzo Lamas is seemingly a master of disguise which makes for a couple of incredibly bizarre scenarios) and Lance returns in the film's end albeit for a brief period of time. It's a bad movie and I probably didn't have to tell you that myself but it's far from the worst thing I've ever seen. I wouldn't put it too high on the list of Henriksen films since he's been in some real gems with greater screen time and either way the movie loses a lot of steam once the heist begins but the best thing I can say for Rapid Exchange is that the last two films I watched before it were the mainstream Hostage and the overrated pretentious Crash - and this was better than both.
critique8480 I'm sorry but this is such a bad movie it's hilarious. Football hooligans arguing in a travel lodge? Suits? Shades?! Alan clearly had no idea what he was talking about when he made this it is as far from the truth as you can get.<br /><br />The casting was atrocious...Gary Oldman as a football hooligan? He doesn't look scary act scary or even come across as someone who would like football. And as for Yeti? What the hell? Suits shades and sitting in a travelodge childishly taunting each other with "its about time you got your nappy on". Please.<br /><br />And the Yeti's gang spraying the ICC's underwear? <br /><br />I don't see how anyone can even take this film seriously!.<br /><br />4/10. Its possibly the most inaccurate portrayal of the crisis of the late eighties hooliganism i have ever seen.
critique8481 After I watched this movie I came to IMDb and read some of the reviews which compared it to Lost In Translation LITE. When I read that I immediately could see the reviewers point.<br /><br />This movie was a poor attempt at a similar theme. Interestingly the format of the movie is nearly identical but the PACING is incredibly different. "10 Items" rushes the viewer through the 1-day time line of the movie whereas the better-planned "Lost In..." seems to stretch out over a few long days.<br /><br />I'm sure some people will see this because it has Morgan Freeman and will be disappointed. It seems his better roles now-a-days are supporting roles in big blockbusters rather than leading roles in sub-$10mil limited release movies and indie films.
critique8482 One of the worst films I have ever seen. Got so bored that I switched it off midway through to watch the news. When I switched it back on I fell asleep. The film starts with a dream continues with a dream and ends with a dream. Then there are a few more dreams in between. Come on what is supposed to keep me interested in that? A film needs to have a reason to be interesting. The minute you felt the film was only a dream is when any sensible film-goer switches off. Ever had someone insist on telling you their dreams and what it means to them? This is it!!!<br /><br />Absolutely awful.
critique8483 To say I was disappointed is an understatement. An amateur film made by professionals. I was about to leave the theater in two or three occasions (something I've never done)I was stopped by Cloris Leachman really. She rings true the only one I should say. This new women are less modern than the George Cukor women of the 30's. This ones are "acting" for us trying to be with it but their "conflict" is exactly the same as it has always been in movies anyway. The fun of the original was based on a crisp vitriolic and very funny script. A masterful direction and an unrepeatable cast. All the elements that are missing here. TV actresses mingling with models and Oscar nominees/winners. There wasn't anything organic about it. The whole thing felt like a put on improvised in the moment without a clear objective. 2/10
critique8484 OK so it was written in 1996 before 9/11 so you can give it a little credit for worrying about terrorists and the idea that the CIA director makes a plot to blow this doomed plane out of the sky before it brings doom to the world is prescient. That's it. That's the good stuff. The acting...fair. The plot...silly. The "twist"... unnecessary. DOOOOOOOOOOOM It isn't as though no one ever thought of what to do when a plane gets contaminated. Don't you think bureaucrats have a manual for "plagues" and how to contain them? Proper execution of such a plan is always a problem as we saw after Katrina. But they have a plan. It isn't to send them off to Iceland and then to Mauritania. And if the virus is carried in the air why was the plane door open and the "shooters' standing there with no protection? In fact did it ever occur to anyone to shoot her legs? That would stop her. But not as dramatic. I'm a sucker. I always watch a movie to see the end once I started it. But this was a waste of time and for the most part predictable. I saw it using a recorder so I didn't have to watch all the ads that was a plus. It's a good example of why I watch so little network TV. Rubbish.
critique8485 Spoilers will be in this. The movie could have been better if they had just had a different script director and CGI provider. Not much right? The movie has a man starting his own theme park...err...zoo on a deserted island where people can see dinosaurs...err...Sabretooths and it is called Jurra...oops...Primal Park. I do not mind rip-offs because there are no original ideas for these kind of movies but this one just slaps you in the face with it R e p e a t e d l y.There is even the "creature's shadowed head on the design" thing. The Sabretooths that are not sabretooths according to Mr. Primal Park (Just ancient killing cats) Are rather junky but the crowning accomplishment is the one I call "Sloggy". Because after disposing of one big cat a hero is relaxing a little because there is only one left. Enter the weird feeding guy who says Nah we made three the third being a monster who pulls itself around with its front feet. Great groovy. A group of college students are also on the island for a scavenger hunt there test to get into their cliques frat or sort (Always thought that needed a short nickname). Out of the ones who do live only one has completed their task so I got a kick out of that. Oh yeah the mandatory "Evil Capitalist Must Die" Clique is in force with not one but two of them! Mr. Primal Park's death is the most laughable thing you will see in one of these movies as a Sabretooth statue's tooth jars loose (Courtesy of Sloggy) shrinks a few sizes and impales the man through the throat. If I had only gotten away so easy. I like "Sabretooth" better than this spin-off.
critique8486 This is a stereotype plot. A young fighter tries to enter a competition when he is not ready and is not selected to represent his fighting school. This leads to separation from the fighting school and naturally he finds a strange new master to teach him to fight.<br /><br />The fights are not of high standards. They are way too "simple" in a way that 1+1 is simple to every adult. The fighter has trained and enters the ring but does not do what he trained and gets an ass kicking. The coach yells do this and do that with no success. And after some more of this ridiculous beating he suddenly does what he is told and hits his opponent once. This results in a turning point in the fight although our hero has been taking a beating of his life up until that point. Think about the Rocky movies and you'll have a good point of reference of how much beating he really takes. The fights are also shot poorly.<br /><br />There final thing that screws this film up is the stupid romance. Cheesy music and awkward moments are not what I call entertainment.<br /><br />These guys really could have made some quality entertainment but the director wasn't up to the task. Or the other crew in my opinion. Maybe they had a small budget I don't know but what matters in the end is that this movie is bad and deserves the rating of 3 out of 10.
critique8487 I have wanted to say this since I first saw the movie I still will not allow any of my children or grandchildren to watch this. At least not until I tell them and they understand that it is completely fiction. The only thing that I saw that was correct was that animals went onto the Ark everything else was false. Lot and Noah fighting on the ocean like a pirate movie. Make sure you tell your kids the real story before you allow them to watch it but really until they are old enough to understand that it is not real they may have a messed up vision of the Bible. This was the worst Bible movie I have ever seen. Bruce and Evan Almighty were much better and had more to teach. Let your children watch those
critique8488 This is the single worst movie I have ever seen. Let me say that again: THIS IS THE SINGLE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN.<br /><br />It had all of the ear-marks of a bad movie: continuity errors bad writing bad acting bad production value bad music. I thought that there were a couple points to horror movies. The first is that it is supposed to be suspenseful enough to scare you. This movie gets and F in this category. The second point is that when a character dies or something bad happens to them we are supposed to care. This movie gets an F in this regard as well. <br /><br />The first story a woman gets mauled by wolves after being afraid that this would happen to her. The next story an OCD guy dies from not being careful and talks to a dead friend of his. Oh and then there is the horrific nail-biting story of a bad roommate. Come on could you pick topics a little more interesting and a little less common than being alone in a house being anal-retentive and having a roommate? Turns out all of these stories where hallucinations virtual reality induced by a Doctor who in turn uses it himself. Wow stupid.<br /><br />Let me explain something I enjoy watching bad horror movies and laughing at how bad they are. I couldn't do that with this one. It was utter pain to sit and watch. Do not under any circumstance watch this movie. You WILL regret it.
critique8489 Watching this movie is like eating a banquet of nothing but meringue. It initially looks great but ultimately provides NO satisfaction--none.<br /><br />The plot is a muddled mess about a toy factory and the forces of evil. So how is it possible that with this basic plot AND Robin Williams that the movie still turns out so badly?! It's because the picture is all appearance with no substance whatsoever--much like the terrible Popeye picture Williams did at the beginning of his film career. The film must have cost a fortune but perhaps there wasn't enough money left over to hire writers who had graduated grade school.<br /><br />The film is one unfunny joke that goes on and on and on and on. I really am unsure why it was made in the first place--it certainly wasn't made to provide any sort of entertainment.
critique8490 Jonathan Demme is such a character-oriented director that to see him pulling a Brian De Palma (which is to say aping Hitchcock) it is nearly predictable when he fails to work up much suspense within this tepid mystery. Working from a screenplay by David Shaber from Murray Teigh Bloom's novel Demme attempts to strike a chord somewhere between Alan J. Pakula's paranoia dramas and Hitchcock's dangling-participle thrillers. Roy Scheider stars as a retired Secret Agent mourning the murder of his wife who is now busy dodging bad guys who are out to kill him. Takes off right away but the script is full of flimsy threads and any excitement dies out quickly. There's a visually impressive climax at Niagra Falls but Demme gets little out of his cast and even less out of this bummer of a story. ** from ****
critique8491 This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. Not just the story but the acting is shockingly bad. The dialog sounds like someone reading the news.<br /><br />This is rated as comedy/drama/romance it's not of those things ! It's a little action that's it. There's really NO comedy and drama at all.<br /><br />If you went to the cinema to see this I feel sorry for you. I would not recommend it at all. Pretty much anything else that you choose to look at will be better. This is pretty much a action/crime movie. The actions scenes sucked and crime story part of it was very predictable.<br /><br />If you are not really interested in a good story or good acting. And you simply want to look at a 'foreign' film for the appeal of being foreign. Then this might be for you.
critique8492 I rented this film on Netflix after it won all the Oscars to see if it was really that good.<br /><br />The Hurt Locker is a very realistic portrayal (for the most part) of a group of soldier's rotation in Iraq. The film centers around Will James a reckless soldier who gets his adrenaline fix from taking risks and defusing bombs.<br /><br />Where this film seems to lack in my opinion is the Plot and Direction of the movie. This film has no clear plot unlike other films such as Black Hawk Down. What this film tries to do is focus more on the characters and their different attitudes about the war. Bigelow does an okay job of focusing on the characters but there are many points in the film where the dialogue seems to drag. Hurt Locker is 131 minutes long yet it feels like a 3 hour movie.<br /><br />One scene in the movie that was particularly awful and ruined the films perfect credibility was the sniping scene halfway through the movie. It was both unrealistic and very long.<br /><br />Overall I thought this film was OKAY but the reason I gave it a 6 instead of a 7 was because it was a major letdown for winning Best Picture at the Oscars. I felt like this film could have been so much better considering Saving Private Ryan lost Best Picture but was much better than this film. Another notable mention is Black Hawk Down which only won 2 Oscars. I honestly do not know how this won best picture.<br /><br />If you are looking for an action packed war flick rent Black Hawk Down. This film will be forgotten in a year or two.
critique8493 This is one of the best looking films of the past few years. The fact that it was done on a virtual shoestring ($1.8 million or so they say on the DVD:they infer that they ended up with even less financing) makes it all the more impressive. Not simply the photography but the design and particularly the locations (Eastern Montana) which are at once authentically American and otherworldly.<br /><br />Too bad there isn't a coherent movie to go with it. An extremely promising setup of the last 48 hours of clearing out a rural town in 1955 before it will be flooded for a dam is washed away with pretentious mumbo jumbo alluding to angels and a dying child. And what is presented as the "real world" is hopelessly arch. Note to the Polish Brothers:the Coen Brothers are funny-you are not.<br /><br />No doubt many cineastes will find "Northfork"'s abundant symbolism and inscrutability as marks of some sort of profundity the sort that sophisticated types wrestle the night away with in coffeehouses while the braindead masses watch "Charlie's Angels" or something. (Sigh) If you insist....<br /><br />In the meantime recommended only as a case study for filmmakers for its' impeccable technical credits and photographic beauty.
critique8494 I ended up watching this movie before even going through any of the reviews on the request of a female. Just out of curiosity I thought let me find out if there are people who actually recommend others to watch this movie. I am quite shocked to find such long and positive reviews on this website that makes me conclude that it's a scam.<br /><br />As far as my opinion goes I have to ask"are these filmmakers retarded or do they assume that the viewers are retarded?" The movie is atrocious on so many levels and I'm not even talking about the story or presentation.<br /><br />So these bunch of guys plus one girl (the lead actress) form a Music band; guessing from the constant presence of guitars it is supposed to be a ROCK band. Hell when did dancers started becoming the part of a Rock band??? Anyway let me accept it as the-Bollywood-version-of-a- Rock-band but amusingly enough all the scores which actually had these two guitarists doing all kinds of cool "ROCK GESTURES" and I am assuming they were playing the instruments the sound of the guitar was completely missing!!! I simply can't comprehend the magnitude of stupidity here....<br /><br />I am just going to conclude here because it is absolutely not worth pointing out any further flaws in the movie. Bollywood directors seem to have no shame anymore!!!!!!!!
critique8495 This film suffers horrendously from its direction "Julian Grant"  and its incompetent lead Steve Guttenberg who's putting a solid effort to win a Bruce Willis look-alike contest! The writing is reckless Hollywood action thriller; Sean Bean --whose one of my favorites-- David Fraser and Kim Coates give a decent performance. The film is definitely below average. 3 out of 10! I wonder what Hollywood studios thought actually giving the go ahead to weak director such as Grant. And I'd say to Sean Bean "what were you thinking even considering participating in a film like this after such great films like GoldenEye Ronin and Patriot Games!
critique8496 Henry (Don Ameche) turns up at the entrance to Hell and recounts his life story to His Excellency (Laird Cregar). The story focuses on his relationships with females throughout his life and in particular his relationship with Martha (Gene Tierney). At the end of the film we cut back to Henry and His Excellency for a very predictable ending.<br /><br />Unfortunately there is nothing more to say about the film because nothing happens. Its a sentimental story of one man's life and its very boring. I watched it with my girlfriend and my dad and we all thought it was rubbish despite the Lubitsch touch. I yawned more than 15 times. Hugo (Charles Coburn) is good whenever he is on screen as the grandfather and there were a few funny moments of dialogue. The colour made it a good spectacle but it wasn't enough to save this plodder from going into the reject pile. In the same mould as "Its A Wonderful World" and "You Can't Take It With You" and so not surprisingly it was nominated for an Oscar. A story about ordinary people none of whom are interesting and with no storyline of any interest. Boring sentimental and the biggest damp squib of an ending that I can remember...
critique8497 Pointless short about a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other. That's it. For about 5 minutes we see this. It's shot in black and white with tons of half-naked men running around slapping each other to the tune of dreadful music. It LOOKS interesting but there's no plot and really--the violence inherent in this got disturbing. Also the homo eroticism in this is played up but mixing it with violence was not a good idea. Some people who like avant garde material might like this but I found it incomprehensible boring stupid and (ocassionally) disturbing. Really--what is the point in all this? I saw it as part of a festival of gay shorts and the audience sat there in stunned silence. I really wish I could go lower than 1.
critique8498 This movie has received a lot of bad press from people who don't understand what it was meant to be. One must understand that this movie was never meant to be taken seriously. It's camp along the same lines as "Army of Darkness." AoD was silly but funny and bad in a good way. "House of the Dead" fails to be "good bad.".<br /><br />There are qualities inherent in good campy movies most important of those being believable fantasy. One needs to believe what's happening in a movie to see the humor when a situation goes incredibly wrong. Without boundaries the movie becomes absurd. HotD lacks any believability.<br /><br />Worse still HotD brings nothing new to the genre and repeats the same plot twists and character reactions that many horror movies inevitably start to exhibit. For example all too often horror movies fall into the trap where the main characters find love amongst the gore and destruction. I don't know about you but when I'm being chased by zombies I wanna make out with a hot chick. Believe it? No? Then you probably won't believe it when the characters start sucking each other's faces in this movie.<br /><br />Beyond the obvious issues that plague this movie like so many other horror movies Uwe Boll elected to add scenes from the video game of zombies being shot randomly whenever a character shoots a zombie in the movie. Not only is there no clear rationale for this artistic choice but it distracts one from an already unbelievable plot. Further there are frequent and numerous examples of bad acting and seemingly no attempts by the director to guide the actors' reactions to events... leaving the movie with no redeeming qualities. Avoid...
critique8499 Police officer Michael (Tomas Arana "The Church") has his hands full while investigating a serial killer who's been leaving parts of the bodies of the people that he's been murdering at the house of one recently widowed Tracy (Joanna Pacula). Mike has to find a way to stop the bodies from piling up while perhaps finding love in the process.<br /><br />A feeling of the 'giallo' films of yore pervades this film even though we know who the killer is from the get-go and the film contains a few good set-pieces (a scene later in the film set in a school for the blind being particularly memorable) but it doesn't make all that much sense when all is said and done either. All in all not nearly as good as Bava's earlier "Macabre" nor his first two "Demons" films but enjoyable enough if you can forgive the rather outrageous plot twists towards the end of the film. A pity the Image Entertainment DVD lacked extras of any kind as I would have been interested in some.<br /><br />My Grade: C-
critique8500 I wonder if there is any sense of sense in this movie. Its a big joke. Good.. Its entertaining .. You get to see the most stupid plot played very seriously in the form of a film .. I wonder which audience group this movie is basically targeted to.<br /><br />Priety (a pros) plays a surrogate mom for a happy couple Salman/Rani who want a child but can't. I wonder how it would be if this drama was a real-life take-off from a real couple's life.<br /><br />Rani appears happy with another pretty lady in her house who has been brought in to make a child for her & Salman. She cares for Priety and tries pushing her husband Salman to Preity so they may have some romance. When will the audience get fed up of Salman's nakhras.<br /><br />Though a good past-time this movie is unbearable. Absurd.
critique8501 It's official folks -- Hou Hsiao-Hsien doesn't have a thought in his pretty little head. Are you wondering why he chose Shu Qi as his muse?<br /><br />Shu ( or is that Qi? ) doesn't appear in this one. Instead we get a snaggletoothed Yo Hitoto apparently a pop star in Japan -- judging by her song at the end she's a pop star just like the girl who serves you at Rockin' Curry is "a actriss" -- and a wasted Tadanobu Asano typically an indicator of quality who is required to do nothing here but stand around and look like a mumbling Asian hipster and is too old to manage even that. <br /><br />Hou's philosophy? Life is limbo a big nothing feel it and move on. I'd like to do that but Hou gives us nothing to feel in Cafe Lumiere beyond a bland photo essay of Life in Tokyo Circa 2003 and the flabbergasting observation that people are ships that pass in the night no make that trains that pass in the day never connecting each hurtling to its own destination usually some variant of a dark tunnel or maybe a bridge if they're lucky. Yikes. Flowers of Shanghai is one of the most rarefied technically accomplished and mesmerizing films of all time. How could the same director who created the opening shot of that film which features about twelve actors conversing at machine-gun speed for about ten straight minutes -- an impossible directorial feat -- get trapped making this laconic sub-Jarmusch reality porn for two films in a row now? Millennium Mambo may be dead weight but at least it has two great shots shots that hint at Hou's true calling as the film equivalent of Odilon Redon: Those shots are the sex scene with the arrhythmically blinking lights and the opening shot of Shu Qi floating down a blue corridor. His M.O. while making Cafe Lumiere seems to have been to remove the two great shots from Millennium Mambo to make it more consistent. You be the judge if that sounds appealing. <br /><br />Hou does not need to refine -- you cannot refine the limbo idea further than Flowers of Shanghai. He needs to expand to bloat outwards to release the inner expressionist and genre-revitalizer that is being squandered so senselessly on clichÃƒÂ©d minimalism. It's time for him to do a live-action remake of Akira or something. This kind of art film where the actors are supposed to be authentic because they are held facelessly in long-shot and speak in monosyllables is now every last bit as safe ghettoized and stagnant as the Hollywood action blockbuster. ( What is the connection between "reality" and people who can't talk? It seems to me that people "in real life" never stop jabbering. ) Then again considering that 2005 alone brought big-budget movies as diverse and rich in ideas as Aeon Flux The Island and King Kong it's now safe to say that even Michael Bay has surpassed Hou and that's really sad.<br /><br />The good news is that though Hou is in his 50s it frankly feels to me as if he hasn't even begun. There are a couple moments in this film that show the promise is still there such as a moody bit early on in the bookstore when the room dims to a bloody sunset-red while Hitoto talks about babies with the faces of goblins. But whatever fear is holding him back however comfortable it is to make the same film over and over and be hailed by the gullible and pretentious as the savior of cinema Hou your time as the darling of the Rotterdam Venice Toronto Berlin and whatever else film festivals is almost up and people are catching onto your ruse double-quick. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. You are now cribbing from both of these tedious frauds who are about to go up their own dark tunnels forever. Risk your shirt on a sci-fi epic sell out be reviled -- but leave the social critiques to people that have no eye and no heart. Let your painterly talent express itself to the full. You're not going to ever get out of limbo otherwise.
critique8502 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique8503 Janeane Garofalo has been very public in her displeasure about this film calling it among other things anti-feminist. She has also said on her radio show she hates making "romantic comedies" because she doesn't believe in them. I wholeheartedly agree with Janeane here. This film is a trifle at best. She does her best but overall it was just another boring unbelievable "romantic comedy" that has no basis in the real world. Whereas there will be some who will say "suspend your disbelief" one grows tired of having to suspend it nearly every time you get a romantic film from Hollywood. Janeane's character for some reason is usually filmed in shadows and darkness which makes her look unattractive while Uma's character is filmed in lighter tones (which probably displeased Janeane and is probably one of the reasons she detests this film). That really hurts the film if we are to buy the premise that Janeane is supposed to be the better looking of the two. As many have said here and on other comment threads Janeane is not ugly but in fact quite beautiful. I haven't read one review where someone said Uma was better looking. Having said that though I believe that Ben Chaplin's character would more than likely stay with Uma not Janeane. Many men don't like really intelligent women (and many women don't like really intelligent men) and sadly Ben probably would have stayed with Uma. And despite the director's attempt to make Janeane unattractive it doesn't work. Her natural beauty comes through anyway.<br /><br />I think a lot of Janeane's male fans who are obsessed with her like this film because they like to think of themselves in the Ben Chaplin character and actually scoring with Janeane. Janeane is a lot more complicated than the character she plays here (real life is always much more complex than Hollywood can imagine) so take a cold shower gentlemen. This is the role that Janeane is best known for and that's a shame as this really isn't that good of a film.
critique8504 For the initial 20 minutes or so (I was watching it on a PS2 so I've really no idea how long it took) Alienator sets up an interesting premise. I don't think I've seen a slasher movie with an alien from another planet as the baddie before. However interest soon turns into stunned disbelief as you realise the 'alien' is a huge body-builder woman in a steel bikini. Yes Alienator is patently ridiculous.<br /><br />Don't think I hold that against it. In the world of shlock-horror patently ridiculous can often be a good sign. However the blatant stupidity of its premise is all the movie really has going for it. Alienator is funny as hell but it is also a shambolic suckfest of the highest order. Actors heap on failed attempts at seriousness potentially genius lines of pure cheese dialogue are stumbled over with unnerving incompetence and the direction fails to sum up even one or two decent set-pieces. By the time the movie's finished you can barely see the original concept through the haystack of total tripe the team piled on it.<br /><br />Add to this the fact that the 'Alien' just kills people by vaporising them as opposed to doing any 'slashing' as such and you have a giant throbbing heap of good ideas being left to rot. You'll laugh at Alienator but AT it not with it. If that's your thing then go ahead and check it out.
critique8505 Though the Our Gang comedies still have their followers I've got to say that their attempt to graduate to feature films courtesy of Hal Roach came up way short. Why did Roach have to pick the Civil War as is subject with all the attendant racism that would follow.<br /><br />Dashing southern cavalier Phillips Holmes takes in young orphan Spanky McFarland and his young black friend Buckwheat Thomas after Spanky inadvertently exposes a card cheat on a riverboat. All is placid and serene in the Old South and then the Civil War comes to ruin it for everybody.<br /><br />But even children can charm the worst in the world and there's none worse than those damn Yankees. They just come south and ruin it for everybody.<br /><br />Criticized though it was for its southern viewpoint Gone With The Wind did make a good case for the southern cause and the blacks portrayed even though servile which they would be out of necessity are still three dimensional characters. Hattie McDaniel would not have won her Oscar if it were not so. Butterfly McQueen's character of Prissy as silly and vacuous as she was has some dimension.<br /><br />Here though is maybe some of the worst racial stereotyping ever brought forth in Hollywood. The companionship of Spanky and Buckwheat does show that kids get along racial feelings are acquired not inbred. It's not the servility of the blacks that's objectionable but there total acceptance of it. Right from that horrible watermelon song sung over the title credits the message of General Spanky is a bad one.<br /><br />Yet it did get an Oscar nomination for Sound recording probably one of the very few Hal Roach ever got out of the short subject field.<br /><br />General Spanky is far from Gone With The Wind though.
critique8506 This film was a disaster from start to finish. Interspersed with performances from "the next generation of beautiful losers" are interviews with Bono and The Edge as well as the performers themselves. This leaves little time for the clips of Leonard Cohen himself who towers over everyone else in the film with his commanding yet gentle presence wisdom and humor. The rest are too busy trying to canonize him as St. Leonard or as some Old Testament prophet. Many of the performances are forgettable over-interpretations (especially Rufus & Martha Wainright's) or bland under-achievements. Only Beth Orton and Anthony got within striking distance of Leonard's own versions by using a little restraint. Annoying little pseudo-avant-garde gestures are sprinkled throughout the film- like out of focus superimpositions of red spheres over many of the concert and interview shots shaky blurred camera work use of digital delay on some of Leonard Cohen's comments (making it harder to hear what's being said) and a spooky pretentious low drone under a lot of the interview segments (an attempt at added gravitas?). For the real thing see the Songs From The Life Of documentary produced by the BBC in 1988.
critique8507 Mighty Morphin Power Rangers has got to be the worst television show ever made. There is no plot just a bunch of silly costumed kids using martial arts while dressed up in second class spandex outfits.<br /><br />The special effects look like they are from the '70's the costumes look like something out of a bad comedy and the show is just plain awful.<br /><br />The only thing worse than the television show are the toys just second rate plastic garbage fed to our kids.<br /><br />There are far better shows for your kids to watch!<br /><br />Try giving your kids something like Nickelodean those shows actually have some intelligence behind them unlike power rangers.
critique8508 Okay first of all I missed like the first 15 minutes of the movie so I missed credits and stuff. SO when I finally got to it I was like "Who the hell is this dude?". I found out it was Flex like hours after watching the movie. <br /><br />Flex didn't look like Michael Jackson. Not one bit. He couldn't dance like him or move like him the only thing he almost had was the voice. People commented on Elizabeth Taylor but I can't really comment on that because I don't know much about her. <br /><br />The whole movie was like just plain wack. The dialogue sucked. The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked. The soundtrack sucked. The acting sucked. Yes even Flex...I'm so upset about it though. I didn't want it to suck. I'm so sad that Flex got told he can get away with it. But the whole thing looked like dress-up. You know? It's like nobody looked like they were supposed to except for Joseph Jackson. <br /><br />The concert sequences just sucked. I'm sorry but Flex just can't dance like Michael. I mean like what the hell was VH1 thinking? The makeup didn't even match like the time of whatever Michael was going through. For example in the movie he was still dark when Neverland got raided the first time around. In real life MJ was white as hell. There was some sort of stupid delay in his skin discoloring. <br /><br />The movie wasn't boring well for me it wasn't. It wasn't really anything. I was just so upset about everything that was wrong with it. I wanted to see how it turned out and if Flex could redeem himself. He didn't really. The only part I found like a bit interesting was the whole Lisa Marie thing. When they fell in love. That was nice. But I had to turn my face away when they kissed. Heh. And only two parts made me collapse with laughter. The first time was when they cut from Michael with short hair you know the Thriller era to Michael with long flowing hair from the Dangerous era AND HE WAS STILL BLACK! That was funny. The second time I laughed was when they showed all of the posters and memorabilia of Michael but they had Flex's face instead! It was so funny. <br /><br />Overall this movie was cheap trash. It was simply two hours of dress-up and could have been so much better. But no VH1 is cheap. Watch if you want. But this movie is not funny considering the ridiculousness of it. I came out of it feeling angry. And when I found out it was Flex I just started to feel so bad. So...watch if you want.
critique8509 Surely this deserves to be in the bottom 10 films of all time pity it's just a TV movie. Rubbish that only we British can produce! It perhaps has some merit in the so awful it's good scale. Watch out for scene where they start dancing !
critique8510 I would think that this was one of those films whose director hadn't read the book it was based on were it not for the fact that they are just slightly similar. It is certainly possible for a great film to be "based" very loosely on a book and this was certainly the latter but not the former.<br /><br />There were a number of flaws. One was that it tried to be too much like the Railway Children probably because adults would expect this being from the same author. Another is that it also sought to be too like Harry Potter down to the music and in overemphasizing the setting. I have nothing against J K Rowling or the films but the book is just nothing like the Harry Potter ones. I thought the Psammead though very well voiced by Eddie Izzard and in character too was almost gratuitously in a totally inappropriate environment. I may have missed something here as the comments made about one of the characters' own books may have been a reference to the inaccuracy of the adaptation. There was also no need for the extra characters and today's special effects could easily have been used to tell the story as it was written but they weren't.<br /><br />I saw this film with my two children one of whom knows the book and the other of whom doesn't. The one who does know it thought it was all right but wasn't as enthusiastic as the one who doesn't. I'm not sure what this means.
critique8511 Reading through all these positive reviews I find myself baffled. How is it that so many enjoyed what I consider to be a woefully bad adaptation of my second favourite Jane Austen novel? There are many problems with the film already mentioned in a few reviews; simply put it is a hammed-up over-acted chintzy mess from opening credits to butchered ending.<br /><br />While many characters are mis-cast and neither Ewan McGregor nor Toni Collette puts in a performance that is worthy of them the worst by far is Paltrow. I have very much enjoyed her performance in some roles but here she is abominable - she is self-conscious nasal slouching and entirely disconnected from her characters and those around her. An extremely disappointing effort - though even a perfect Emma could not have saved this film.
critique8512 I wanted to like this movie. I really really did. I was so excited when I saw the preview which scared the hell out of me. But when I saw the actual film I was disappointed. The acting is stilted and the attempts at comedy are woefully out of place and forced. And I'm sorry but a boy being chased by a turd in a bedpan is not funny or scary it's just stupid. I grew up on the Bell Witch legend so I know quite a bit about it. A lot of facts in the movie are right on target but this film should have been much better. The entire birthday party scene for example lasts about fifteen minutes adds nothing to the plot or the story and should have been left on the cutting room floor. A more heavy-handed editor might have been able to get a decent film out of this mess.<br /><br />Please understand I'm not in any way shape or form involved with the other Bell Witch movie and I'm not trying to "attack" this IMDb listing. I'm just telling it like it is.
critique8513 In another of the dreadful horror films I seem so masochistically attracted to we have a bunch of friends stuck in a haunted house slowly being killed one by one thanks to a horde of zombies that spurt yellow blood and have very bad dental problems. The first 45 minutes is all talk however and considering the young thespians cannot act their way out of a paper bag and are given the most banal dialogue ever to dispassionately recite this is especially painful to sit through. If you manage to stay awake through that nonsense things don't get any better.. with bad make-up galore and cheesy bargain basement (not-so-special) effects. As for the conclusion.. well what's the betting that the old-timer who warned them against going to the spooky mansion in the first place will turn up and save the day for the last two survivors (a boy and a girl of course) with his mystical powers? Please.. life is too short for these kind of movies. Donate the time you would otherwise have spent watching this tripe helping out the community do a couple of shifts in a soup kitchen or something. You'll feel you've actually done something productive with your life and you won't have put money into the pockets of studios who churn out irredeemable rubbish such as this.<br /><br />Unfortunately it's already too late for me.. now where did I put that copy of 'Pumpkinhead'? 1/10
critique8514 Honestly people who gave this movie a ten would have given 100 for pulp fiction. This is the level that we are dealing with here.<br /><br />The movie isn't bad but no way is it like "OMG the best movie since Pulp Fiction!". Some people have incredibly low expectations for movies even those of indie variety. Personally I found my interest in the movie waned after the half-hour mark. The plot defies logic and belief. You have got to hear the part about why the wife did what she did in order "to save her husband". Yeah right. I guarantee that you would walk out of the theatre thinking "hmm now that doesn't make sense at all." This is one movie in which you really need to suspend all logic and belief.<br /><br />Those who said that the music score is good were probably listening to their MP3 players. It absolutely killed the movie in some parts.<br /><br />In conclusion watch the movie only if you have nothing particular important to do. I give this a three because there is one long sex sequence in the motel which is decent.
critique8515 Good grief I can't even begin to describe how poor this film is. Don't get me wrong I wasn't expecting much to begin with. Let's face it a PG-13 slasher flick is pre-destined to be missing the ummm... slashing so no one should be surprised by the lack of gore. But it was the level of incompetence and clichÃƒÂ© on display in all the other aspects of this movie is what really blew me away. <br /><br />We have a protagonist who is quite simply so completely useless that you find yourself rooting for the bad guy. And here's a turnup for the books... SHE NEVER CHANGES - hence breaking the cardinal rule of basic screen writing - character development. If you think by the end of this film the poor little girl is going to turn around and finally kick some arse then think again. <br /><br />On top of this we're handed possibly the least intriguing (and definitely the least scary) killer ever to grace the genre. I'm not joking when I say that Dora the Explorer has scarier villains than this movie.<br /><br />Finally because all the potential for tension or gratuity is removed by the inept (and apparently thirteen-year-old) director what could possibly be left to fill up 2 hours of screen time? <br /><br />Closets that's what. <br /><br />Lots and lots of closets: big closets small closets mirrored closets closets to Narnia so many damned closets you'll not want to dress yourself for another year. In fact this movie should have just been called "CLOSET" and had a picture of a big scary coathanger on the DVD case. On the back it could have had a photograph of the audience falling asleep and a quote by Roger and Ebert - something to the extent of: "what the f*@! did we just waste our time watching!"
critique8516 Wow what's this on the video rental store's shelf in front of me? Nothing other than a questionable "sequel" to 8MM. It wasn't a very good sequel to a movie that had a very definitive end and an abundance of emotional depth far greater than this movie.<br /><br />Basically from the plot outline verbatim an American diplomat David Huxley and his fiancÃƒÂ©e Tish Harrington venture into the sordid underworld of sex and pornography in Budapest Hungary to find out who is blackmailing them with a porno video taken of them with a prostitute Risa. The entire story is based around the various characters who make up these various sex clubs and strip joints throughout the city. The mystery is solved when in the end Tish finds out that the ransom money for the video and (essentially later on in the story) her fiancÃƒÂ©e which came out of her trust fund money is basically going back to her future husband as the story unfolds til the bitter end.<br /><br />I didn't like how this had nothing to do with the original 8MM at all. The only thing close to the original is the type of thriller that it was the fact that David ends up with some kind of bondage contraption over him to keep him prisoner looks like the kinky world of the first film and the fact that the entire movie has sex emblazoned throughout almost every key scene. Otherwise its a totally different movie. It made for a lousy love story even before the end is known which makes the ending more of a possibility because I didn't believe the words coming out of David's mouth the whole time. But we were warned that he was a liar about most things that might get him in trouble.<br /><br />There were ridiculous nude scenes in most of the "shocking" moments of the film which were trying to stir emotions in the audience to cheer for Tish to figure out the plot so she can leave this "hellish" sex debauchery. I counted at least 11 ridiculously filmed sequences when there was nothing but sex to be shown. Even the menu screen on the DVD is nothing but film with naked women on it to make the DVD seem totally provocative.<br /><br />David was no heroic person throughout the film. You could guess he was the main problem long before the end. The actors who played each role were all new to me which might explain how they got so many of them to strip down to gain acting "respect." There were plot holes (How did David and Richard finally impress Tish's father by getting the lease they wanted when David was so wrapped up in this damn investigation to try and find a prostitute?) There were cheesy technology moments (like the talking email program dressed up like a bondage queen) and a gay brother character which did nothing but show how the director was trying to get a Joaquin Phoenix knockoff to play this character. The tag line featured on this profile for this video is complete BS too because it wasn't even about a last breath. Nobody really dies. But they did have a good car crash sequence that came out of nowhere...but that was a good 10 seconds long out of an hour and 3/4 long movie.<br /><br />Go rent (and maybe buy) the original. It's one of Joel Schumacher's better and more original films. It has everything better about it from this film. I wouldn't recommend seeing this unless you want to compare apples to oranges.
critique8517 I can't believe I watched this expecting more. It starts out OK. This movie pushes the limits of reality way to far!! At least the first one was somewhat realistic. It rips off the first movie and even mentions the Joshua Project. Anyone who knows anything about computers will hate this movie. It does have one good message in it though WATCH OUT FOR BIG BROTHER!!! The movie just makes it seem like Big Brother is way bigger than he actually is in reality. That was very aggravating. Even the make-up on the actors was completely bad. Some of the acting is pretty good. Some of the acting is really bad though. The script was OK at some points and completely messed up at other parts. This movie plays on convenience about every five minutes. Like I said I can't believe I watched it expecting more. I think I am gonna pop in the original to get back to earth...Q
critique8518 Intrigued by the synopsis (every gay video these days has a hunk on the cover; this is not necessarily to be construed as a good sign) I purchased BEN AND ARTHUR without knowing a thing about it. This is my second (and I assure you it will be my last) purchase of a CULTURE Q CONNECTION video. As far as I am concerned this DVD is nothing but a blatant rip-off. I do not make this observation lightly Ã‚Â– I am a major collector of videos gay and mainstream and I can state with some authority and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR is quite simply the worst film I have ever sat through in my life. Period. My collection boasts over 1600 films (93% on them on DVD) and of those well over 300 are gay and lesbian themed. I hardly own every gay movie ever made but I am comfortable in stating that I pretty much purchase almost every gay video of interest that gets released and very often I buy videos without knowing anything about the film. Sometimes this makes for a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar It's In The Water Urbania and Normal are all examples of excellent gay titles that I stumbled upon accidentally. So when I read on the box that BEN AND ARTHUR concerned a conflict between gay lovers and the Christian Right one of my favorite subjects I decided to take the plunge sight unseen despite my previously disappointing purchase of another CULTURE Q CONNECTION title VISIONS OF SUGAR PLUMS. That film was pretty bad but compared to BEN AND ARTHUR it viewed like GONE WITH THE WIND. So what was so wrong with BEN AND ARTHUR? Plenty! To begin with the "plot" such as it was was totally ridiculous. This film almost made me sympathetic to the Christian Right Ã‚Â– we are asked to believe not only that a church would expel a member because his brother is gay but that a priest would actually set up a mob style execution of a gay couple in order to save their souls (like this even makes sense). The writing is so poor that many scenes make no sense at all and several plot points reflect no logic follow-up or connection to the story. Murder and violence seem to be acceptable ends to the gay activist / right wing conflict on both sides and the acting is so bad that it's difficult to imagine how anybody in this film got hired. The characters who are supposed to be straight are almost without exception clearly gay - and nelly stereotypes to boot; the gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This film is enough to put off anybody from buying gay themed videos forever and the distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage this picture has over my other CULTURE Q Connection purchase VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS is that this one has a soundtrack with clear dialogue. Hardly a distinction since the script is so insipid that understanding the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this film truly is. It is an embarrassment to Queer culture and I intend to warn everyone I possibly can before they waste their money on it. At $9.95 this film would have been way overpriced; I understand that it's soon to be re-priced under $20 which is STILL highway robbery. I paid the original price of $29.95 and I never felt more cheated in my life. The only true laugh connected with this drivel is the reviews Ã‚Â– I have seen "user reviews" for this film on numerous websites and there is always one or two that "praise" the director / writer / actor in such a way that it's obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this Ed Wood wannabe. How sad. How desperate. I just wish IMDb would allow you to assign zero stars - or even minus zero. If ever a film deserved it this is it.
critique8519 Of the four main players in here - John Candy Jean Kelly Amy Madigan and Macauley Caulkin - the only one I've never heard about (at that time) was the one that annoyed the heck out of me and ruined the film. Well she must have done a decent job of acting to make me want to throw her and the VHS into the garbage pail. I am referring to Kelly in the role of teenage brat "Tia Russell." Ironically six years later she played a stunning and extremely likable role in the person of "Rowena Morgan" in "Mr. Holland's Opus."<br /><br />Candy as usual is fun to watch as "Buck Russell" or the title character "Uncle Buck." Few actors were better at playing a lovable hapless slob than Candy. I enjoyed his character in here but I cannot watch that spoiled teen girl more than once. Also in the first few minutes of the film the little boy "Miles" (Cauklin) says the word "G-damn." How bad is that having a six-year-old kid saying the Lord's name in vain on film? These Hollywood people are such sickos. No wonder many of their child actors turn out to be mentally screwed up Caulkin being a case in point.
critique8520 At the beginning of the film you might double-check the DVD cover and re-read the synopsis a couple of times but no worries. It's NOT "Memoirs of a Geisha" that you purchased; just a movie with an intro that is much more classy and stylish than it has any right to be. Still the opening is by far the best thing about the entire movie as it shows how in the year 1840 a Samurai sword master catches his wife committing adultery. He decapitates the two lovers before doing some hara-kiri (ritual suicide through disembowelment). Cut to present day when the American Ambassador in Japan welcomes a befriended family and drives them up to the same house where the aforementioned slaughter took place nearly one and a half century ago. From then onwards this becomes a seemingly routine haunted house flick yet the utterly retarded and implausible script still makes it somewhat exceptional. Let's start with the good aspects namely the original Japanese setting and the presence of the delicious Susan George who is my all-time favorite British horror wench (well together with Britt Eckland Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). The bad aspects simply include that the screenplay is incoherent imbecilic beyond repair and full of supposedly unsettling twists that only evoke laughter. The restless spirits of the house soon begin to entertain themselves by perpetrating into the bodies of the new tenants and causing them to do and say all sorts of crazy stuff. The spirit of the massacred adulterous woman particularly enjoys squeezing into Susan's ravishing booty and transforming her into a lewd seductress! In this "possessed" state she even lures the American ambassador outside to have sex in the garden of a high society diner party full of prominent guests. So strictly spoken it's not really "evil" that dwells in the house; just a trio of sleazy ghosts with dirty minds and far too much free time on their long-dead hands! Obviously these scenes are more comical than frightening especially since the light-blue and transparent shapes remind you of the cute ghost effects that were later popularized in "Ghostbusters". "The House Where Evil Dwells" is probably the least scary ghost movie ever. Throughout most of the running time you'll be wondering whether director Kevin Connor (who nevertheless made the excellent horror films "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") intentionally wanted to make his movie funny and over-the-top like "Motel Hell" maybe. But then again everyone in the cast continues to speak his/her lines with a straight and sincere face so I guess we are nevertheless supposed to take everything seriously and feel disturbed. "The House Where Evil Dwells" is never suspenseful or even remotely exciting and it doesn't even contain any grisly images apart from the massacre at the beginning. I am fully aware of how shallow it sounds but the two scenes in which Susan George goes topless are the only true highlights. Well those and maybe also the invasion of cheesy and ridiculously over-sized spiders (or are they crabs?) in the daughter's bedroom. How totally random and irrelevant was that? If you ever decide to give this movie a chance notwithstanding its bad reputation make sure you leave your common sense and reasoning at the doorstep.<br /><br />Trivia note for horror buffs: keep an eye open for the demon-mask that was also a pivot piece of scenery in the brilliant Japanese horror classic Onibaba.
critique8521 The story is derived from "King Lear"; the setting is a farm in Iowa. Here's a test for this kind of thing: if you find yourself asking "Why did so-and-so do such-and-such" and the answer is "because that's what happened in 'King Lear'" you know that the film has failed. Well that IS what happens here. The father figure in this story isn't living his own life he's mimicking a fictional one. But there's more wrong with the film than this.<br /><br />Jocelyn Moorhouse is ambitious - far more ambitious than I think she realises. She's trying to take the King Lear story and completely change the setting. This is a task in itself. The likeliest result is that the transplanted story will die and nobody will quite be able to work out why (although there are enough successful transplants like "West Side Story" to make it worth trying). But she's ALSO attempting a revisionist retelling. In the version of "King Lear" she wishes to create Reagan and Goneril command our sympathy and Cordelia is a villain. This is a task in itself too.<br /><br />Succeeding at either task is hard; succeeding at both at once is impossible. In fact succeeding at one while so much as attempting the other is impossible. If we are to look on the very same events from a different moral perspective then the events must BE the very same events - which means there can be no tampering with setting. If the story is to be transplanted alive into a different setting its moral heart must keep beating the whole while - which means there can be no tampering with ethical perspective. Moorhouse was bound to fail in not just one but in both of her endeavours. And so she did. ...Naturally it's possible to attempt both tasks fail at both tasks yet by some fluke hit upon a work of art that's good for independent reasons. I mention this because I haven't read Jane Smiley's novel which for all I know IS good for independent reasons. But the film isn't. If there was nothing else wrong with it there would still be no getting around the fact that it's just so thoroughly excruciatingly DULL. The very fields of corn are even more boring than they would be in real life - which needn't be the case since off the top of my head I can think of four films ("The Wizard of Oz" "North by Northwest" "The Straight Story" "Kikujiro") in which the cornfields aren't boring at all.
critique8522 Very resistible but ultimately harmless film version of the children's literary classic which incorporates an animated portion in the style of MARY POPPINS (1964) and BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS (1971). The human cast is very distinguished - James Mason Billie Whitelaw David Tomlinson Joan Greenwood Bernard Cribbins - but their roles range from the miscast (a 69 year-old Mason as a thieving chimney-sweep!) to the inconsequential (Greenwood as a befuddled aristocrat) to the bizarre (Whitelaw plays several 'exotic' characters - including a circus performer an old hag a maid and a fairy - for no apparent reason).<br /><br />The animated segment of the film handled by a group of East-European animators is hardly inspired but mildly enjoyable in itself and as usual with this type of thing there is an assortment of songs one has to put up with one of which in particular is reprised far too often for its own good. The film was directed by noted character actor Jeffries who had previously directed (far more successfully) other children's films namely THE RAILWAY CHILDREN (1970) and THE AMAZING MR. BLUNDEN (1972; which I've yet to watch myself but which was released some time ago on R2 DVD by Anchor Bay UK).
critique8523 I felt as though the two hours I spent watching this film may have been better served by perhaps going to the local used bookstore and looking for old fashion magazines and Halston ads. Or perhaps by watching paint dry. Those two employments would have at least engaged my mind a bit more than "India Song." The most frustrating part of sitting through this was that I could see what moods/atmospheres were trying to be created and the notion of these could have been interesting if they had been fleshed out more. Instead what happened was a presentation of an incoherent silly chain of nonevents - with the same scenes rehashed over and over to beat some sort of point into our senses.<br /><br />I was loathe to devote more time to this film by writing any sort of review except to perhaps warn other folks against this waste of time.
critique8524 Wow... this is the kind of movie that makes you wonder who's idea this was and what soup kitchen are they eating at now. To say this was bad is an insult to the bad movies we all know and love.<br /><br />When I saw Guttenberg's name in the TV guide I figured it would be a spoof... maybe it should have been. Could have made for a better movie.<br /><br />Look for the scene where they are in an airplane in mid flight with the door open and there is no wind what so ever. They could have sprung for a fan at least.<br /><br />Look for several Canadian & c-list actors in the movie. This is the kind of movie that litters the b-rate cable stations you never watch except on a rainy Sunday.
critique8525 Not good! Rent or buy the original! Watch this only if someone has a gun to your head and then....maybe.<br /><br />It is like claiming an Elvis actor is as good as the real King.
critique8526 Well how do you even rate a movie such as this one? Does it even have cinematic value really? It's a movie that tries to get as close to being a snuff movie as possible. Basically the entire movie is purely a bunch of guys torturing a young girl. Not very appealing and on top of that also not that realistic really.<br /><br />It's obvious that the movie tried to be as realistic and shocking as possible. However the movie is just all too fake for that to work out as intended. The slapping and stumping is all soft and fake looking as well as sounding. They are often just kicking into the floor rather than into the girl obviously. Also the way the girl responds to all the torments is pretty tame. I mean if this was real surely she would had screamed it out. There is more moaning than screaming in this one though.<br /><br />The movie is obviously low budget and it's a valor attempt at trying to achieve something shocking and realistic as well as original and provoking with very limited resources. Don't really think this movie made much impact though at the time it got released though it must had done something well since a total of six sequels got released after this one.<br /><br />Fans of shock and gore will most likely be disappointed by this movie though there are still some fetish people out there who will get a kick out of this movie.<br /><br />4/10
critique8527 Elephants Dream was supposed to be the flagship project of the open source community. And while it was a very interesting idea in concept in reality it has failed miserably.<br /><br />The film is beautifully rendered which is probably the only redeeming factor. A huge problem with them however is the vast overruse of light bloom. It's horrible although I guess it helps give the film a dreamlike quality.<br /><br />One thing to note is the terrible voice acting. While Proog's voice actor is at least semi-competent Emo's voice actor is HORRIBLE. I guess when you have a budget that basically amounts to zero you can't afford to hire real voice actors. To me it seems like they hired one of the animators to do his voice.<br /><br />As a whole the movie doesn't really go anywhere. To me it seems like it's more of a "look what we can do" kind of movie instead of a real film. The plot goes nowhere and fails at really showing any interesting point. The whole movie feels like it was made as an excuse to make interesting looking areas.<br /><br />Overall it may be worth a quick download from the official site but don't expect anything except pretty graphics.
critique8528 Karen and her boyfriend Jerry move into their new Los Angeles apartment.They discover an old brass bed that Karen takes a liking tounfortunately it has a really sinister history involving kinky sex murders."Deathbed" tries to be a creepy supernatural talebut fails miserably.The action is slowthe acting is nothing special and there is no suspense whatsoever.Even the sex scenes are lame.The climax is pretty gory and violentso fans of splatter should be pleased.However the first hour of "Deathbed" is deadly dull and offers some tired horror movie conventions and cheap scares.Definitely one to avoid.My rating: 4 out of 10 and that's being generous.Watch "Re-Animator" or "Castle Freak" instead.
critique8529 Sky Captain may be considered an homage to comic books pulp adventures and movie serials but it contains little of the magic of some of the best from those genres. One contributor says that enjoyment of the film depends on whether or not one recognizes the films influences. I don't think this is at all true. One's expectations of the filmsfiction and serials that "Captain" pays tribute to were entirely different. Especially so for those who experienced those entertainments when they were children. This film is almost completely devoid of the charm and magnetic attraction of those. Of course we know the leads will get into and out of scrapes but there has to be some tension and drama. Toward the climax of "Captain" Law and Paltrow have ten minutes to prevent catastrophe and by the time they get down to five minutes they are walking not running toward their goal. They take time out for long looks and unnecessary conversation and the contemplation of a fallen foe with 30 seconds left to tragedy. Of course one expects certain conventions to be included but a good director would have kept up some sense of urgency.<br /><br />One doesn't expect films like this to necessarily "make sense". One does expect them to be fun thrilling and to have some sense of interior logic. "Captain" has almost none. Remember when Law and Paltrow are being pursued by the winged creatures and they reach a huge chasm which they cross via a log bridge? Well how come they are perfectly safe from those creatures when they reach the other side? They can FLY!!! The chasm itself means nothing to them. The bridge is unnecessary for them so where is the escape? If the land across the chasm is 'forbidden' to the flying creatures the film made no effort to let us know how or why or even if.<br /><br />I know that Paltrow and Law (both of whom have given fine performances in the past) were playing "types" but both were pretty flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who showed himself capable of great nuance here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give any "oomph" to their roles although Omid Djalili seemed like he could have handled a little more if he'd only been given the chance. He did a pretty good job anyway considering how he was basically wasted.<br /><br />The film had a great 'look' but there are so many ways in which CGI distracts. CGI works best when it is used for the fantastical when it is used to create creatures who don't exist in nature or for scientific or magical spectacular. When it is used to substitute for natural locations it disappoints. There is no real sense of wonder. A CGI mountain doesn't have any of the stateliness or sense of awe and foreboding that a real mountain does. I know that the design of this film was quite deliberate and it wasn't necessarily supposed to LOOK real but shouldn't it FEEL that way? It just didn't. <br /><br />As for the weak and clichÃƒÂ©d script...homage is no excuse. Even so had the movie had some thrills and dramatic tension it might still have been enjoyable. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and I am no fan of Tom Cruise but it had everything that "Captain" didn't most notably it drew the viewer into its world and made us accept its rules and way of being in a way that "Sky Captain" most definitely did not.<br /><br />I'd like to see a similar approach taken for films about comic book heroes of the 30's and 40's. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) come to mind as being ripe for such treatment. Maybe the better more well known and fully realized characters that those character are would make for a much better film. It would be hard to be worse.
critique8530 We've all seen this story a hundred times. You can see each plot turn coming a mile away. The relationship between the mother and daughter is way too sweet and understanding to pass for realistic. Janet Mcteer's performance is stock southern hot- ticket mother in vintage clothes. Should have been made for the Lifetime Channel.
critique8531 Who the heck is responsible for this terrible mangling of one of my favorite books? This is just terrible. terrible acting terrible script. The story isn't even close to its old self - and what were they thinking? Robin Williams for Gosh's sake! This really defies description. Don't see this. Seriously don't. Not even for laughs. Especially not if you're a fan of the book. This might just be the worst movie adaptation ever - everything is disjointed and scrambled - the characters which are important in order to understand the sequence of events are seriously marginalized and every potentially interesting location from the book has been changed (example: Vienna - New York) into something profoundly uninteresting.<br /><br />For those who haven't read the book - it's basically a fictional biography about a writer growing up exploring his writing and so on. His mother writes an autobiography which is hailed (despite her protests) as a sort of feminist manifesto. The book is well-written engaging and long. Its prose is simply beautiful.<br /><br />This movie on the other hand is about Robin Williams once again telling us to seize the day.
critique8532 what a lousy movie took me 3 times to finish it. The thing i disliked the most was the infantile sense of humor. jokes made by a 10 years old child. not funny. pretty annoying actually for example when the detective cant get a place at the bar he yells "she's taking it all off" and then they all run "fast foreward" slapstick kinda' rush. so stupid. and also a guy sitting at the bar smashing fruit to work out his post traumatic stress disorder. on the bar! and the bartender is supplying him with more and more fresh fruit. thats supposed to be funny? and i mean ... i love good ol' exploitation gore flicks and saw a lot of terrible movies but his one is plain bad. and also the "gore" is not that exciting. don't bother. i wouldn't recommend it.
critique8533 First off i'll give this movie a low scoring 4 out of 10! It was nothing more than a wannabe film. I felt very let down watching this film. I was lead to people it would be more drama and more facts about the true story it's based on. Instead i spent over an hour watching middle aged mean break the law and take drugs.<br /><br />It's abit like football factory but with no real storyline and not a good ending. After watching the film i was left wondering "What was that film all about?" If you like films with no real storyline and a lot of drug taking and swearing then this is the film for you.<br /><br />I'm a BIG fan of mob and gangster movies but this film did not live up to the hype. I can see where the writer was trying to go with the film but it never reached it's destination.One of the worst British films that i have ever watched. If only the movie had more of a storyline this would have bad an excellent movie.
critique8534 CQ could have been good campy fun. But it commits the only unforgivable sin: it is b-o-r-i-n-g! The pace is deadly slow and the plot is fairly confused and so artificial that it's next to impossible to care where it's going. The story would have been acceptable in a creative writing class from a thoughtful and sensitive eighth grader but this video should have carried a warning label: "CAUTION: Student film. Fit for viewing only by relatives of the film maker."
critique8535 This is a poor poor movie. Full of clichÃƒÂ©s unrealistic moments: punching the air in celebration after putting a fire out never mind that someone's lost their home and possessions!! announcing a pregnancy in a bar along with all your mates before telling you in private first walking on the roof of a burning building for no apparent reason the stereotypical funerals and strained relationships the very dodgy cheesy music at the end the unrealistic treatment of the girl who was rescued from her apartment the very unrealistic explosion from that same apartment!! Did they have a couple of oxygen tanks in the attic or something!!? Anyone with an ounce of wit can see that this movie was a joke. It's a pity because firefighters do an awesome job and they deserve to have a good movie made about what they do but not at the expense of common sense.
critique8536 THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS.<br /><br />I have rarely seen a film that is as unbelievable as this one is. And being French it tries for depth by being enigmaticÃ‚Â… nothing really makes any sense.<br /><br />LÃƒÂ©o is gay and has just announced at breakfast to his family that he is HIV positive. The youngest brother Marcel has not yet come down to breakfast and the first thing the family does is decide that at 12 years of age he is too young to be told. Maybe if he was four or five but twelve? The first totally unbelievable thing is that the family doesn't even ask where or how he got the virus how long he has known about itÃ‚Â… nothing is asked. They only worry about Marcel finding out. This is a very close Ã‚Â–knit provincial family but although they decide not to let Marcel know about LÃƒÂ©o's HIV positive status nor the fact of his being gay the rest of the family accepts all this news with absolutely no questions or reactions. How many families do you know where the parents/brothers wouldn't have at least SOME reaction to one of the members announcing that he is gay? Here nothing.<br /><br />LÃƒÂ©o decides that he needs to go to Paris to see his ex-lover. And he decides to go on the trip with of all people Marcel. Do you know anyone who would bring his little brother along to go see a lover? Again totally unbelievable especially since Marcel is not supposed to know either of his medical problems nor of his homosexuality. If this is the way the family has decided to let him find out it is rather brutal and again unbelievable.<br /><br />LÃƒÂ©o goes to find his lover Aymeric at his work in a Paris bar. The owner says that Aymeric will not be there until the early evening. But why would LÃƒÂ©o want to see him at work? Why not phone and arrange to see him in some place more private where they can really talk? Why not go and see him at his home? But no LÃƒÂ©o shows up later in the day (with Marcel in tow) and is surprised when Aymeric doesn't just drop everything to go walk with him for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available that it was LÃƒÂ©o who left him and that LÃƒÂ©o hadn't replied to any of his letters. LÃƒÂ©o says "But I love you" and then wanders off. But if he really loved Aymeric wouldn't he have at least told him about his HIV status to warn him to get tested and maybe get medication? This would be the least he could do Ã‚Â– but not a peep. He leaves and doesn't even warn Aymeric that he might have contracted the AIDS virus. This is totally irresponsible of him Ã‚Â– and of the film-makers; this film was apparently made for a French TV series for young people Ã‚Â– it is the perfect way to show kids how to be responsible. Well not hereÃ‚Â… I guess "Every man for himself" is still the French way of doing thingsÃ‚Â… Another aspect of the film which was totally unbelievable was the "touchy-feely" aspect. Everyone is always leaning against someone caressing someone or kissing someone. Inside the family and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France be THIS physical never mind an entire family. Seated at the breakfast table one 17 year old brother has his leg perched on the lap of his elder brother and the elder brother is caressing his leg as everyone sits around discussing something. How many brothers do you know who are THAT physically close? In another scene the same 17 year old comes into Marcel's room asking "What's the matter can't you sleep?" then takes off his clothes and completely naked gets into bed with his brother and snuggles up to him as if they were lovers. This and another similar scene between LÃƒÂ©o and Marcel gave a somewhat incestuous feel to the film. Sorry again I don't believe that this is regular behaviour between teenage brothers.<br /><br />The only good thing I can say about the film is that the actors are all quite fineÃ‚Â… especially Marcel in the main role. But it wasn't really enoughÃ‚Â… HIV and AIDS are far too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film the family has gone to the cemetery to bury LÃƒÂ©o but once again Marcel has been left out of it Ã‚Â– he has been left in the care of a cousin (I think). Nevertheless he sneaks out and watches the funeral from afar. Is this what such a close-knit family would have done? It is totally inconceivable that they would not have included him in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene of the film and it was the last straw for this viewer.
critique8537 I just saw this film tonight and I have to say that it's a mess. I love Vince Vaughn but he ends up more annoying that funny here and the film is more than less a remake of the crappy 80's classic " Santa Claus the movie" but with out the camp or the bad Sheena Easton song at the end. .The story is your run of the mill black sheep in the family who comes back to face his family for the holidays kind of thing but with North Pole as its setting. Of course Fred (Vince Vaughn) is the family screw up who comes home after a series of set backs that include his girlfriend (Rachel Weisz in a cameo role) dumping him so he comes home to face his parents and his more successful brother Santa Claus (Paul Giamatti) and wacky high jinks follow with a bit of sibling rivalry and a bit of anarky as well that threatens all of Christmas. Now if you think you know the ending of this film I think you would be right because it's predicable to the hill. As for the acting Vince Vaughn plays the same lovable loser he always plays but this time he ends up more annoying than likable Miranda Richardson plays Mrs. Claus but the role is more than less one note Elizabeth Banks plays Santa's assistant but she's not much of a character at all other than a neurotic joke and poor Kevin Spacey ends up basically playing the same person he plays in the film "Glengarry Glen Ross" but a little more anal. The only two actors who come out of this film with their dignity intact is Paul Giamatti who brings a real sincerity and warmed to his role as Santa Claus but he looks somewhat embarrass to be in the movie and you can't blame him and Rachel Weisz who manages to do a lot more with a very small role than most of the main actors do with theirs which is a shame because both Rachel Weisz and Paul Giamatti deserved a lot better than what this script gave them.<br /><br />To put it in a nutshell a major disappointment.
critique8538 I was quite excited when I saw this film in competition at the Montreal Film Festival. Along with Elephant and a few others I thought the issue of American gun violence/culture would be treated intelligently and in a fashion compelling for film-goers. The press-release promised (in not so many words) a `Red Violin' for the gun-violence crowd something to make us ponder our NRA-shoot-em-up mindset in this country.<br /><br />After waiting until after 9:15 to be seated for a 9AM screening (what technical difficulties they would have encountered is beyond me) we were finally let into the venue to see the film on DV (where did the advertised 35MM print go?). I think I just answered my first question.<br /><br />The result is an abhorrent mess. We get the "gun" in a vignette with the most unrealistic "biker' I have ever seen (and I do know more than a few). The film then lapses into irrelevant "character development" only because the characters are either a. stereotyped b. losers c. stereotyped losers and/or d. racial caricatures. It takes another 30 minutes to get to the plot movement and once we are there we wish for the inane conversations between the couples and/or the bikers and pawn brokers.<br /><br />The film finds it's conclusion but not without leaving any clichÃƒÂ© untried. I didn't care for the white-trash characters who came in contact with the gun and the depiction of the minority characters should have the NAACP crying foul immediately. All these people WOULD chase after a gun because they are at the bottom of the societal trash-heap and would look for an opportunity wherever it was found. Placing the action a level up would have at least provided some soul-searching on the part of the characters.<br /><br />The biggest problem is the promise unfulfilled. The plot outline was great. In the hands of a P.T. Anderson or Gus Van Zandt it could have been a powerful piece. But due either to bad screenplay direction or both the thing is an unmitigated mess that needs to be ignored at all costs.<br /><br />My bigger question is who at the MFF thought this was competition material. Better bury this on Showtime at 3AM.<br /><br />Art Blose
critique8539 This film originally released at Christmas 1940 was long thought lost. A very poor copy has resurfaced and made into a CD now for sale. Don't buy it! The film is unspeakably terrible. The casting is poor the script is awful and the directing is dreadful.<br /><br />Picture Roland Young singing and dancing. And that was the highlight.<br /><br />Perhaps this movie was lost deliberately.
critique8540 Half of the movie is is flashing lights and shaky camera. The rest is made up of predictable characters (think science vs. government 'know-how' vs. authority etc.) <br /><br />What is the worst aspect about this movie? Is it the cars being thrown around in the first 5 minutes is the horrible 'Russian' accent of the 'cosmonaut' is it the uninspired characters the poorly integrated Top 40 hits or the "US will save the world" vitriol? No. It's the fact that regardless of the "sad" ending - there is very little suspense in this movie - we basically know what's going to happen.<br /><br />The one good part of this movie: "American components Russian components: all made in Taiwan!"
critique8541 I will probably always go to see a Woody Alleb movie as one never knows when he just might make a real return to his past greatness. Just one or two great moments or lines could make it worthwhile. sadly however this film just does'nt make it on any score. Saying thar actually makes me sad and even a little guilty. I'm sure my reaction is much like a lot of other fans of Woody but what can one say? It's probably time for him to concentrate on his Clarinett which in my opinion he is rather quite good. Saying all of this I'll still probably go to any new film Woody may come out with in the future. There's always hope and I'll continue to love and respect The WOODY!!
critique8542 I might have given this movie a higher rating before Peter Jackson's trilogy came out but seeing the two of them side by side there is simply no comparison. The pace of this movie is rushed many important scenes from the book are left out and there is little character development. The animation is a strange mixture of traditional cartoon drawings and live action scenes that were painted over which I found distracting. And the most disappointing thing about this movie is that it breaks off in the middle of the story and was never finished. There are some good points- the battle scenes are exciting to watch and the dialogue follows the book pretty much to the letter. Watch this one if you're in a hurry and can't spend 10 hours watching the new trilogy. But if you haven't read the book you'll probably be confused because there is a lot missing from this version. 4 out of 10.
critique8543 1st watched 2/25/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir-George P. Cosmatos): Predictable action thriller where any frequent movie goer could guess what was coming next. Charlie Sheen is the good old boy to the President who just happens to be not liked by the rest of the presidential staff. Of course he gets involved in a situation where he's framed over and over again and he has one friend in the White House played by Sutherland who naturally doesn't stay that way for very long. His other friend is a reporter played by Linda Hamilton(who has very little to do or say in this meaningless role) and of course his biggest and bestest friend is the President himself(Sam Waterston) who stays his pal till the end despite everyone else being killed around him. Brainless yet action-packed meaningless trife despite loads and loads of acting talent(all pretty much wasted.)
critique8544 As other reviewers have noted this movie is a cross between (i.e. stolen from) stories we have seen before. Specifically this looks like Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter inserted into Mad Max. Remove Clint's cigar and replace with a cigarette; remove his horse and give him a high-tech motorcycle and voilÃƒÂ  an updated drifter. In this movie the "hero" is even more blatantly a "Savior" than High Plains Drifter. Now our hero has long brown hair suffers a wound to his left side and his entry into town is preceded by a plea for "salvation" by the surviving townspeople--a pretty transparent reference to a "Second Coming." I watched the movie on a hot humid morning. Sleep was impossible and upon arising at 4:30 am there was nothing else on TV. So the movie served its purpose. While unoriginal with characters that are almost comic caricatures the movie is still somewhat entertaining...at least at 4:30 in the morning.
critique8545 I broke my own rule buying this movie from the $5.88 bin at Walmart. Basically if a movie has a big star in it and you've never heard of it before it's usually for a reason. Well in the case of this movie the reason is because it SUCKED! They plaster Sandra Bullock's photo and name all over the cover of the DVD as bait and it reeled this little fishie right on in. I was thinking of donating the disc to charity or giving it to the library but I don't think I would want to subject anyone else in the world to this movie. Worst lines: "What do you mean army buddies?" "What do you mean your dad?"
critique8546 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique8547 I went through great efforts to get this movie after reading the comments on this site. I really don't have time to write reviews but I felt this was my duty as a sci-fi horror buff. This is only the second review I have written. The other was for Dracula 3000. Now to the point. This movie sucked. Plain and simple. I kept wondering if I was watching the same movie as those who wrote all those "lovely" comments. I have seen movies with bad effects bad acting bad sound you name it and I've seen it. But this really sucked. I don't care how much it costs or didn't cost to make movies like this and Dracula 3000 should be banned and the whole cast and crew arrested and jailed for time murder. By the way Did I mention that this movie sucked. I mean really sucked. The plot was non exist and the acting was weak. It seems like the writer saw Pitch Black and got upset because he didn't think of a plot like that first so he decided to make his own ripped off version. But instead the suck factor took over and possessed him. DON'T WATCH THIS. You'll have more fun if you pull down your pants and sit on burning coals.
critique8548 There's only one thing I'm going to say about cat in the hat...as a KIDS movie and a good comedy movie it sucks...I lost track of how many terrible jokes in the movie that not only sucked but weren't exactly kid appropriate. Oh and by the way the way the cat in the hat talked was annoying...as for the plot I completely forgot. Who cares it sucked anyway. i'm not sure why Mike Myers joined but I think the writers were trying to make it sound like him in Austin powers without the swinger talk and it overly succeeded- but so what it was annoying. don't see it-it belongs in the bottom 100.............................. the jokes are so unkiddy it's funny
critique8549 ...Or is this another way below the bottom-of-the-barrel masterpiece? Preferably both! Somewhere between 1969 and 1972 came a host of several horrible horror movies that are all but lost again. Nothing more needs to be explained asked or screamed out loud. If you followed closely at my writings about CARNIVAL OF BLOOD or GURU THE MAD MONK then you know what's in store with SCREAM BABY SCREAM. The title sounds cool; it's just the weak script that should have gone someplace else! Even so this is hands down the most dreadfully written piece of cinematic mastery ever worked on film!<br /><br />If you thought this is an early slasher (which benefits the average IMDb user to write up another comment) better luck next time! The real truth behind the script has NOTHING to do with the movie which supposedly tells of a blue-faced psychopath out to "kill" and make some ugly facial sculptures on his victims. It feels like you're watching another early "SCOOBY-DOO" episode. My favorite scene is the monkey cage where the four young hippie teenagers play in. And hooray for an actress under the name "Eugenie Wingate" for giving us the worst facial makeover ever! 1969 has never been this bad but it is!<br /><br />Try finding this 30-year old rarity at a bargain basement for five bucks; it makes the perfect novelty item for going back to those psychedelic days of flower power bad fashions and trashy music! Interesting note: SCREAM BABY SCREAM is also listed in Troma's film archives on the company's website. Only time will tell when this reaches the top of the Bottom 100 List along with a few more early 70s cheapies; gosh knows they NEED to!!! PLAN 9 is history!!!
critique8550 If this film was just outrageously poor would be fine the problem is many take it seriously. To make it short a few points: <br /><br />- There is no story no focus no lead whatsoever and all the questions raised fail to find an answer. Overall the film is extremely repetitive and boring (I have been in war-torn African countries several times and found all the lingering on local misery and hopelessness very painful to watch but still having no sense).<br /><br />- Questions raised are pure manipulation and the truth is that they are no questions but statements.<br /><br />- I am no doc filmmaker but what's the point in raising for example the question of weapon smuggling if the only element brought to the audience is a local reporter's statement? The director doesn't even bother showing us at least a sequence where he would be waiting near the airport trying to spot heavily loaded trucks leaving the area right after a plane landed.<br /><br />- The story of the fish takes up less than 5 mn and is only supported by a sequence where the director films a documentary shown during a local conference. Did this guy do any work at all???? <br /><br />- Abject poverty is shown all the time in endless sequences but where's the point? One can go almost anywhere in Africa with a hand cam and shoot the same images unfortunately. Where's the big news? <br /><br />- Filming the prostitutes watching and crying over images of their assassinated friend and fellow prostitute is worth the worst emotional manipulations one can see these days on thrash and real TV.<br /><br />- The parallel drawn between the famine devastating the country with over two million starving and the exportation of fish is absolutely pointless dishonest and makes no sense but to manipulate viewers in typically anti-globalization and anti-western feelings.<br /><br />There is an interesting debate in France after an academic published a very detailed comment on the film which brought number of journalists working in Africa for decades to investigate a bit further about several details. It turns out that: <br /><br />- The fish waste shown drying in the sun and collected by some local people is not at all meant to be eaten by human beings but is collected to be exported for reasonably good money for animal-feeding purposes. I think I am not the only one having had the impression that the director suggested the exact opposite.<br /><br />- Arm smuggling is a reality (but there again where's the big news??) but not the way this film explains the issue. If the empty planes landing in Mwanza do participate in smuggling they actually unload their shipment in a different location in Africa then go to Mwanza to pick up fish in order not to make the trip back empty (meaning that they do actually land empty in Mwanza...).<br /><br />- People do eat fish locally contrary to what the film suggest (around 40-60% of what is taken out of the lake) and thousands of people make their living with it. Good for them! It's private business of that kind that will one day take African countries out of poverty and not western moaning and endless foreign assistance.<br /><br />I cannot tell how shocked I am seeing the success of this film!
critique8551 By far this has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. I watch practically every movie that is on at night (either showtime hbo cinemax etc). "Three" AKA "Survivor Island" keeps you in as much suspense as watching paint dry only to let you down even more miserably. If you want to feel like you just wasted what seems like an eternity on the worst film ever created then by all means watch this movie. I must have screamed at a minimum 900 times from the idiotic twists. If I had 4 hands I'd give this movie 4 thumbs DOWN.<br /><br />In my personal opinion I believe the only people who would like this movie are those with terrible morals.
critique8552 Shame really - very rarely do I watch a film and am left feeling disappointed at the end. I've seen quite a few of Ira Levin's adaptations - 'Rosemary's Baby' and 'The Stepford Wives' - and liked both them but this just didn't appeal to me.<br /><br />When I read the plot outline - an award winning playwright (Michael Caine) decides to murder one of his former pupils (Christopher Reeve) and steel his script for his own success - I was excited. I like thrillers Michael Caine's a good actor Sidney Lumet's a good director and Ira Levin's work is generally good.<br /><br />I won't spoil it for anyone who hasn't seen it yet but all I'd say is there are LOADS of twists and turns. So many its kind of hard to explain the film's plot line in detail without giving it away. I enjoyed the first ... 45 minutes before the twists and turns began to occur and at that point my interest and enjoyment began to fade out. Though I have to give Lumet credit for the very amusing ending which did make me laugh out loud.<br /><br />The main cast - Michael Caine Christopher Reeve Dyan Cannon and Irene Worth - were all brilliant in their roles. Though Worth's obvious fake Russian accent got on my nerves slightly (nothing personal Irene I think any actor's fake accent would irritate me). Not sure if Cannon's character was meant to be annoyingly funny but Dyan managed to annoy and amuse - at the same time.<br /><br />Anyone reading this - I don't want you to be put-off watching this because of my views - give it a chance you may like it you may not. It's all about opinion.
critique8553 This movie is exactly the same as Ridley Scott's "Someone To Watch Over Me" which is a classic. It stars Tom Berenger and Mimi Rogers and the bad guy from the Fugitive. It's a quality movie with good direction and great acting. This movie is the polar opposite. It's the same plot just minus any good acting and adding TV movie direction. I do have to say I like the interaction between Lowe and the woman. She's hot and their romance is believable on many levels. Unfortunately that alone cannot save this carbon copy of the classic Ridley Scott film.<br /><br />Usually crappy TV movies have some redeeming quality that makes them watchable at the very least. I think for me this film's redeeming value is that Rob Lowe and the lead female have chemistry. That and I was able to watch and compare the plot to another quality film.
critique8554 I remember I saw this cartoon when I was 6 or 7. My grandfather picked up the video of it for free at the mall. I remember that it really sucked. The plot had no sense. I hated the fox that became Casper's friend. He was so stupid! Casper cried his head off if he couldn't find a friend. So what? Get over it! The only good part and I don't want to sound mean-spirited was when the fox got shot and died at the end. I laughed my head off in payback because this cartoon sucked so much. The bad news is the fox resurrects and becomes a ghost. I wish he had stayed dead. I think I even gave the video of this to somebody because I hated it. No wonder they were offering it for free at the mall. If you have a child don't let them watch this. They will probably agree with me that it sucks.
critique8555 This has got to be one of the worst movies ever made. Even for a biker movie it's rock bottom. The minimal plot involves a gang of bikers taking over a small town (how original!) and the townspeople's attempts to fight them off. Why don't they call for outside help? Who knows? The fight scenes are obviously fake. Adam West and Tina Louise are in it but both have little to do and both look ashamed to be there (understandably) This movie belongs in the trash heap!
critique8556 Although the acting was excellent I spent the whole movie waiting for the nasty boy who caused so much grief to so many of the characters get his final nemesis and instead everyone else suffered except him and he gets the job of the husband whose wife's death he causes by running away from his friends wins the girl he gave an overdose to and tried to rape. Even his friend gives money to his father but the butterfly effect completely fails to return to its cause.<br /><br />This is a very dark film as each character that gets affected suffers never ending depression. None of the normal avenues for relief seem to be effective and the only thing the authorities seem to do is give out quantities of stress pills.<br /><br />If this is normal behaviour in Finland now I'm never going to go back just in case I am affected by such an amoral butterfly and end up as destroyed as the characters in this film were.
critique8557 Lance used to get quality support work from James Cameron. Heck he even had his own tv show (Millenium) for a coupl'a seasons. Why is he doing this? Couldn't he find some better way to pay his bills?<br /><br />I love a good low-budget movie. Some of them you can laugh at simply due to their ludicrous premise their textbook stereotyped characters or often times because the actors are related to the director/producers. But this movie has no redeeming value. I didn't laugh. I didn't cry. I only had this sick feeling in my stomach. That feeling was quickly identified as pity. At one point Lance Henriksen was an A-list support actor. He's been in Terminator (he was going to BE terminator before Arnold showed up) Aliens AliensIII classic B-movie Pumpkinhead among so many others! I wanted to send him money after this. Maybe we should start a support Lance fund or something.<br /><br />Then again for making this thing...maybe not.
critique8558 When i got this movie free from my job along with three other similar movies.. I watched then with very low expectations. Now this movie isn't bad per se. You get what you pay for. It is a tale of love betrayal lies sex scandal everything you want in a movie. Definitely not a Hollywood blockbuster but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. I would probably never watch this movie again. In a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time or you would see it on a Sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. Despite the bad acting clichÃƒÂ© lines and sub par camera work. I didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my DVD player. The story has been done many times in many movies. This one is no different no better no worse. <br /><br />Just your average movie.
critique8559 directed by albert pyun in his inimitably awful but strangely hypnotic style "crazy six" is yet another jewel in the crown for this decade's upscale hugo haas (jess franco?). "Stylish" overdirection incoherent plotting time-outs in the middle of action sequences for eurodisco torch -song performances all these seem to be signifying traits for our man Pyun. Most interesting is how he always gets top-notch b-movie casts compared to Wynorski or some of the other video directors. Ice-T Rob Lowe Mario Van Peebles & the very strange Burt Reynolds ain't a bad cast though they often look a bit confused. Check out "Postmortem" "Mean Guns" & "Omega Doom" for more top-notch Pyun mayhem!
critique8560 Okay I'm not going to critique this film in depth. I note the many elogious reviews in advance of me and as I generally like Maria de Medeiros I have been long hesitant to make a disparaging comment - and in such fashion nearly a year has passed. But each time I see that DVD on my shelf I sense an inner groan. Anyway let the elogious voices override me! But for other cinephiles like me - beware.<br /><br />Expressed in simplest and gentlest terms here's my stance:<br /><br />The political turmoil and overthrow providing the backdrop for this film also served as a backdrop for a certain period of my life - via newspapers I read daily in my local middle-European pub. At that time I followed the newsreports but never fully grasped what the heck was transpiring. The reporters tended to report either in non-partisan terms or with a conservatism which frowned upon any groups disturbing the peace or fomenting rebellion against the establishment. Those were times when other winds of unrest swirled through Paris Berlin Prague and various places in the U.S. all of whose issues I understand clearly at the time - but dictatorship or not my papers tended to treat the govermentment of Portugal simply as the establishment - not as a well-fleshed out "evil empire" to use flippant Star War terms.<br /><br />So week after week I read of disturbances but never found an intelligent editorial that might provide the history behind them or evaluate the practices and social-economic impacts of the dictatorship etc.<br /><br />So in purchasing this film I had at least two hopes: to finally understand the details leading up to the social unrest and to enjoy a well-conceived drama. This film gave me neither.<br /><br />The film presupposes that viewers already have ample knowledge and deep emotions regarding the historical facts. And the drama - well as I said I want to encourage Maria de Medeiros and the Portugues film industry but - it was trite and shallow.<br /><br />I obtained my copy of the DVD from France - "Selection Official Cannes 2000 - Un Certain Regard". The box shows smiling clean-shaven actors the lead giving the victory sign in a fashion that reminds me more of the Playboy bunny. After seeing the work I wondered what the French could have thought of it - though as a shallow piece of "cinema verite'" with sensitive ethnic content I can understand their natural inclination to praise it for its "honesty" but...<br /><br />Look at the back of the box: "Un regard chaleuruex sur la Revolution" - a warm regard? Try describing Allende's overthrown and murder with a a "warm regard"! Try it with Czechoslovakia in 1968! Try it with the whole line-up of overthrows and civil rebellions!<br /><br />Another review: Maria de Medeiros a renoue' avec son pays son enfance et son histoire." Rubbish rubbish rubbish! At least for me.<br /><br />I love Portugal. In all of Europe Lisbon Barcelona and Prague are my favorite cities. But my love for a city and a country doesn't flesh out a vacuous film. I'll hang on to my ancient VHS tapes of Capas Negras and A Cancao de Lisboa - meanwhile I'm stuck with a zone 2 by the above title that might as well go in the trash.
critique8561 I don't know about the real Cobb but I got the distinct impression that the filmmakers' aim was to try to soften his jagged edges and reputation not give us a true portrait of the man himself. In the movie besides a few racist remarks he's shown to be just another hard-nosed cantakerous old coot (he's so full of life!) with a heart of gold(more or less). This is also the worst acting I've seen T.L.Jones do(he brings nothing new or subtle to his stereotyped character). He just doesn't flesh out Cobb in a way that pulls me into the movie. Not for one minute did I forget that it was Tommy Lee Jones on the screen pretending to be Ty Cobb. Robert Wuhl didnt impress either. The "comedic" elements in this movie were just distracting and didnt ring true at all. A bloody waste of time it is
critique8562 It is enjoyable and fast-paced. <br /><br />There is no way on Earth that the actor playing Mat could be eighteen. However the main thing is that he does act eighteen very convincingly. It must be a credit to his audition that he convinced them to cast him. I quite soon accepted him as being a naive young country boy.<br /><br />While his was the best performance most of the others were also very engaging. In particular the interplay between the policemen was natural and well-balanced and worked very well.<br /><br />It is only about 45 minutes long so the plot is not complex. More key is the style of the whole thing. It is very slick and vibrant and the backdrops are atmospheric especially from the fact that all the colours are extremely rich. The gangland is identifiable to foreign audiences but still manages to be distinctly Australian.
critique8563 This film is probably the worst film that I have ever seen. I'm studying french at college and thus understood all the dialog so the language barrier wasn't an issue. I must say it is really hard to empathize with any of the characters depicted in the movie. There is only one professional actor in the cast and I'm guessing no professional directors or writers.<br /><br />Although I have rated it 1 out of 10 it probably doesn't merit such a poor rating. This is merely a futile effort of lowering its current overall rating of 7.3 to something more realistic. Perhaps 4.3 would be a more accurate rating because the film is a true non-event 100 minutes or so in length that you will never get back.<br /><br />The real shame is that I am sure some college student is busting his nut making a film twice as good and half the length. However if you want to join the bandwagon which seems to be rolling around IMDb you might as well go ahead give "Lost in Translation" a 10 as well.
critique8564 I saw this on Sci Fi and in retrospect I'm not sure how I actually managed to watch it all the way through. This is utter trash. It's not a B movie it's a "D movie" at best.<br /><br />Basically this grim reaper looking thing on a horse (and sometimes not on one) goes killing everything in it's path somewhere in the mid west of America. A load of people are missing (infact murdered) and a bunch of mismatched spec op soldier types go looking for them. The best part of this movie I'll tell it now is there's some really cute girls. Let me now spoil this by telling you that all but the least cute one get their heads either chopped off slashed apart or hit so hard with a mÃƒÂªlÃƒÂ©e weapon that the head explodes off. That's no spoiler... The gore in this movie is over the top and really grotesque. It serves no real purpose either.<br /><br />Here's what's good: The sets look OK the actors sometimes act OK The outfits and props some of them are decent.<br /><br />Everything else that you can think of sucks. A lot of the badness is in the editing. Some times it just switches over from a rapid action scene to a real quiet and dormant scene. Sometimes the characters do non-understandable things and they're always splitting up but not even in a way that the viewer can follow. Looks like they get split up without realizing it amongst themselves but they also all seem to know that they're splitting up all the time and are OK with it even tho they're in a really dangerous situation and there's bodies all over the place and people are dying right and left. Nothing in this movie is the least bit plausible most of it is incoherent and confusing and I don't really get how this immortal indestructible bad guy killer was able to be stopped in the end and frankly I don't care. Too much stupid hilariously bad nonsense happens during this movie and I don't really care to list it all here. And they're all so serious throughout the whole ordeal when it's almost laughably bad... just awful.<br /><br />This movie is a complete waste of time. There's no excuse for watching this unless the only channel you happen to receive is SciFi and you're bound to a chair in front of the TV. But if you're not bound you're better off doing a crossword throwing a Frisbee or even just thinking. There's lots of much better B movies that you can watch.<br /><br />My senior year in high school my friend and I in visual communication and deign class made a long movie trailer type deal for our own movie (There was no full movie just a really long trailer) and we did a better job of filming and editing the piece with premiere. It was better work than this movie. That really says something about this and I'm puzzled and troubled as to why Sci Fi would show anything like this when there are so many good low rate movies they can show.<br /><br />The only movie that I've ever endured that was worse than this is Raptor Island (another brilliant SciFi work)-though it had smoother and more followable flow than this movie- but this comes very close and is definitely 2nd on my list of worst movies I've ever seen.
critique8565 Honestly this is a very funny movie if you are looking for bad acting (Heather Graham could never live this down... it has three titles for a reason- to protect the guilty!) beautifully bad dialog ("Do you like... ribs?") and a plot only a mother could approve this is your Friday night entertainment! <br /><br />My roommate rented this under the title "Terrified" because he liked Heather Graham but terrified is what we felt after the final credits. Not because the movie is scary but because somebody actually paid money to make this turd on a movie reel.<br /><br />Horrible movie. There are a few no-name actors that provide some unintentional comedy but nothing worth viewing. Heather Graham's dramatic climax also was one of the most pathetic and disturbing things I have ever witnessed. I award this movie no point and may God have mercy on its soul.
critique8566 I vaguely remember Ben from my Sci-Fi fandom days of the '60s I was doing several interviews & bios of obscure actors/actresses most notably Ben actress Fay Spain and Jody Fair who played Angela in 1961's The Young Savages. Ben was one of the people at a low-key Sci-Fi con in Chicago about 1970 when I had a nice chat with him and his "career" and life. All these were published in some now-long-forgotten fanzine of the day. Wish I still had copies of those interviews but time marches on and any of those people surely wouldn't' remember me at all so many years later. Ben was a really nice fellow ekeing out a living (The cons of those days didn't even pay their guest unless of course they were big-name stars and even then the pay was a couple hundred dollars at most! Good to know Ben's still alive & kicking! How 'bout a remake of Creature but 50 years older! Ugly then uglier now!
critique8567 Every time I watch Larry King Live he rolls out the most softball questions for his guests. He rarely gets any useful information because he doesn't ask the hard questions. This comes from his start on radio.<br /><br />King established himself on the radio and basically has not changed one bit of the format for television except for his talking head being visible. He becomes like a puppy for his guests & the only time he really gets useful information from them is whee they volunteer it or a caller to the show actually asks a hard question.<br /><br />Larry is a nice fatherly type of interviewer. This means he should not have a prime time show on a major news network if you consider CNN one. I don't because of the history of CNN.<br /><br />Copying (ie. Cable) New Network was started by Ted Turner as an alternative to network news in that it could broadcast news 24/7. When it first started the only TV competition was from NBCABC & CBS. Because of this CNN Copied the format of their competition & achieved respectable ratings. <br /><br />This worked fine for CNN until they got competing networks which were innovative & provided better/ fresher news coverage. In response to the heating up of competition CNN went into denial & panned its competitors who were eating their lunch & ratings because CNN wanted to resist change. This didn't work very long & their ratings began to plummet.<br /><br />Now the Copying News Network is trying to re mold itself by re-inventing itself by copying the leading news network format. Unfortunately this show represents a big piece of the problem. It is 21 years old & showing it's age very badly. <br /><br />Sorry to say King needs to be moved out of Prime Time or scrapped altogether.
critique8568 Boring utterly predictable soap opera. Mary Tyler Moore is married to Ted Danson who's having an affair with Christine Lahti. Moore is friends with Lahti and doesn't know about the cheating. Danson dies in an accident and Lahti is pregnant with his baby. YAWN! <br /><br />I'm ashamed to admit I paid money to see this in a theatre in 1986. I liked all three stars but even their considerable talents couldn't pull this off. I CONSTANTLY knew what was going to happen. Like another poster said--this plays like a PG-rated Lifetime movie.<br /><br />It does have Lahti swearing nonstop at one point and even Moore lets loose once! Also there's a pointless shots of topless women playing football (!!!). Other than that it's TV friendly. The only good thing about this was Timothy Gibbs playing Moore and Danson's teenage son. Very handsome and quite a good actor. That aside there's nothing to recommend this. You've seen it before...and done better. It's obviously been forgotten. Skip it.
critique8569 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique8570 Let me first off say that I am a believer of ghosts and I do indeed know they exist. I have had enough experiences with them to know they are there.<br /><br />What I hate is the people who bring the Bible and Religion into all of this. People forget there is more than one "Bible" thousands of religions and beliefs and different ways to interpret what is said in the Bible. Not everyone believes in God and not everyone believes in stereo-typical religion. <br /><br />Religion does not make everything fact one of the things I should mention in the Bible that many do not know is that even the most rampant Bible thumper is breaking the very rules written within....you are supposed to never wear more than one fabric at one time slavery is OK and you may murder your neighbor under certain circumstances. None of this "Oh that was the Old testament and now we have the New Testament." If the Bible is the word of God and cannot be changed..there should be no changes or versions. Religion is full of misinterpretations mixed facts and people who so blindly follow it that there "Is no other way." The excuses these said blind followers use are either pathetic or they themselves cannot explain the discrepancies properly and instead use excuses handed down to them from either their Pastor or teacher. <br /><br />But anyhow onto the review. I am a decent fan of "Ghost Hunters" and when I heard this show was coming soon I was pretty excited and thought it had some potential. As much as I like watching "Ghost Hunters" I do not like some of their members and I do not like the way they can dismiss a place as being haunted yet cannot explain anything that is going on. Just because your investigation equipment does not pick it up does not mean the camera filming the show did not. I am glad they are skeptical but it's like they do not understand that just because you did not get anything on your recorder and film does not make the place haunted or not. If Ghosts were that easy to capture it would be known as a fact not a belief. It's more of a "right place at the right time" kind of thing as well as if there is something there what makes you think it's going to "perform" for you? This show is kind of silly. It's usually boring and there is lots of talk lots of psychics yet hardly anything happens. The main guy's filtered narration is usually either boring to listen to or is basically not needed.<br /><br />Also the reliance on psychics is too abundant as I believe VERY few of them are actually gifted. Silvia Brown is one I definitely believe in but most are sometimes hard to believe.<br /><br />I really wanted to like this show but of the few I have seen I have yet to be terribly impressed.
critique8571 The only reason this movie is not given a 1 (awful) vote is that the acting of both Ida Lupino and Robert Ryan is superb. Ida Lupino who is lovely as usual becomes increasingly distraught as she tries various means to rid herself of a madman. Robert Ryan is terrifying as the menacing stranger whose character guided only by his disturbed mind changes from one minute to the next. Seemingly simple and docile suddenly he becomes clever and threatening. Ms. Lupino's character was in more danger from that house she lived in and her own stupidity than by anyone who came along. She could not manage to get out of her of her own house: windows didn't open both front and back doors locked and unlocked from the inside with a key. You could not have designed a worse fire-trap if you tried. She did not take the precaution of having even one extra key. Nor could she figure out how to summon help from nearby neighbors or get out of her own basement while she was locked in and out of sight of her captor. I don't know what war her husband was killed in but if it was World War II the furnishings in her house the styles of the clothes especially the children and the telephone company repairman's car are clearly anachronistic. I recommend watching this movie just to see what oddities you can find.
critique8572 Brilliant book with wonderful characterizations and insights into human nature particularly the nature of addiction which still resonate strongly today.<br /><br />As for the movie... eh. Nothing special. The cameraman clearly had an unfortunate addiction to circling and circling and CIRCLING around everything making the viewer quite nauseous. Why the director didn't put a stop to this is beyond me--but maybe he was too busy trying and somehow failing to draw good performances from these normally excellent but inappropriately-cast actors. All in all a weak adaptation. Your three hours would be better spent reading (or re-reading) the book.
critique8573 Peter Fonda is so intentionally enervated as an actor that his lachrymose line-readings cancel out any irony or humor in the dialogue. He trades sassy barbs and non-witty repartee with Brooke Shields as if he were a wooden block with receding hair; even his smaller touches (like fingering a non-existent mustache on his grizzled face) don't reveal a character so much as an unsure actor being directed by himself an unsure filmmaker. In the Southwest circa 1950 a poor gambler (not above a little cheating) wins an orphaned would-be teen Lolita in a botched poker game; after getting hold of a treasure map promising gold in the Grand Canyon the bickering twosome become prospectors. Some lovely vistas and an odd but interesting cameo by Henry Fonda as a grizzled canyon man are the sole compensations in fatigued comedy-drama with the two leads being trailed by cartoonish killers who will stop at nothing until they get their hands on that map. Shields is very pretty but--although the camera loves her pouty glossy beauty--she has no screen presence (and her tinny voice has no range whatsoever); every time she opens her mouth one is inclined to either cringe or duck. *1/2 from ****
critique8574 This is a bad movie. Not one of the funny bad ones either. This is a lousy bad one. It was actually painful to watch. The direction was awfulwith lots of jumping around and the green and yellow hues used throughout the movie makes the characters look sickly. Keira Knightly was not convincing as a tough chick at alland I cannot believe Lucy Liu and Mickey Rourke signed on for this criminal waste of celluloid. The script was terrible and the acting was like fingernails across a chalkboard. If you haven't seen itdon't. You are not missing anything and will only waste two hours of your life watching this drivel .I have seen bad movies before and even enjoyed them due to their faults. This one is just a waste of time.
critique8575 The unpleasant "home invasion" genre can be traced back to Wes Craven's early sleazefest "Last House On The Left" with such nasty off-shoots as "I Spit On Your Grave" "Wrong Way" and "The Visitors" soon following in the footsteps of that film. Here in this early '80s Italian offering the same plot is regurgitated once more with the twist being that this one is set on a continental train. "La Ragazza Del Vagone Letto" Ã‚Â– known in English-speaking countries as "Terror Express" Ã‚Â– starts out surprisingly well but about twenty minutes in it takes a turn for the worse as the sex scenes start to gain precedence over the more serious action and suspense.<br /><br />David Phil and Ernie three rich youths who wallow in terrorising and humiliating others board a trans-continental express in Italy. The train is full of other passengers among them prostitute Juliette (Silvia Dionisio) who rides the train frequently and has struck up a deal with one of the porters to act as a kind of pimp persuading the male passengers to part with their cash for a night of passion in her sleeping compartment. The three cretins quickly set about upsetting the passengers with their aggressive drunken behaviour but matters get more serious when they seize control of an entire car on the express and barricade themselves in from the rest of the train. Pretty soon they are revelling in their temporary controlÃ‚Â…. a young wife (Zora Kerova) is raped by two of the youths in a cramped compartment; Juliette herself is subjected to a prolonged sexual assault; and later the odious trio force the male passengers to role a dice in order to decide which one will rape a 16 year old virgin travelling with her parents (a concept made doubly tasteless by the fact that her father is one of the men forced to play the game). The only passenger who seems prepared to fight back is a convict who is being escorted to Germany but what hope does one man have against three armed thugs? <br /><br />La Ragazza Del Vagone Letto gets off to a decent start. Various intriguing characters are introduced and the three hoodlums are shown to have a genuinely unsettling influence over the travellers. Though the story is clearly the stuff of exploitation the opening scenes are built up carefully and the film seems to be rising above the usual gutter-level of its genre. Things fall apart during a horrid scene in which Kerova is sex-sandwiched in a toilet compartment by two of the thugs. The scene is gloatingly filmed and the effect does not seem to be to generate sympathy for the victim or hatred towards the perpetratorsÃ‚Â… instead we are being asked to feel turned on. This is sensationalism at its worst. Further humiliating rapes follow but the rape sequences involve too much lingering camera work over acts of oral sex and the female genitalia. One sequence featuring the 16 year old girl teeters on the brink of hard core and feels particularly "wrong". By the end of La Ragazza Del Vagone Letto it is easy to forget that it was intended as a thriller for the final hour of the film is dedicated to pornography rather than suspense. Lovers of sleaze will revel in it; others might want to look elsewhere.
critique8576 I have NEVER EVER seen such a bad movie before. The scene where they shoot some guy.. The pistol don`t even shoot. Damn that is baad. The scene with the boy is even not that good. no script not any good sound not anything good to say about this movie..
critique8577 I love killer Insects movies they are great fun to watch I had to watch this movie as it was one of my Favourite horror books by Shaun Hutson.<br /><br />I have met him and I wish I did listen to him as this movie was terrible like he Said it wasafter he said that I was still dying to see how bad it was.<br /><br />The plot: People are dying mysteriously and gruesomely and nobody has a clue what the cause is.<br /><br />Only health worker Mike Brady has a possible solution but his theory of killer slugs is laughed at by the authorities.<br /><br />Only when the body count begins to rise and a slug expert from England begins snooping around does it begin to look like Mike had the right idea after all.<br /><br />This movie as the most overacting you ever see a movie! Slugs in this movie are fast (Then normal) and it looks like they fast forwarding the scenes! <br /><br />This movie is nothing like the book at all the book was ten times scarier ten times gory and had a lot more story to it!<br /><br />I didn't like this movie at all! As I am huge fan of Slugs the book and second book called Breeding ground! Both of books are Great <br /><br />Read the book then watch the movie you may like more then I did Give this 2 out 10
critique8578 well i don't know what people saw in this movie i don't know. <br /><br />i saw this movie yesterday and i got a severe headache. other than few good dialog there is nothing in this movie.<br /><br />the big b rt now is preaching to fall in love with girls of half of you age. <br /><br />i didn't like the movie at all. i wanted to give 1 rating but giving 3 as <br /><br />i like the role of the small girl who is called "sexy" by AB. my word "DONT WATCH"<br /><br />save your self donot watch this movie.<br /><br />save time and money.
critique8579 Oh boy ! It was just a dream ! What a great idea ! Mr Lynch is very lucky most people try to tell classical stories. This way he can play with his little plantings and his even more little payoffs. Check out Polanski's "The lodger" for far more intelligent mix of fantasy and reality.
critique8580 This unintentionally amusing mid-80s TV movie is based on the premise that sex bomb Donna Mills (in a mostly appalling wardrobe throughout) is a neglected housewife pining for her sexy past as a cheerleader. She escapes her empty life by fantasising about random sexual encounters with one of the many attractive men she comes across finally giving into her fantasies and indulging in a bit on the side although all she really wants is to reignite the flames of passion with her boring husband James Brolin.<br /><br />There are many laughable aspects to this film Mills' first foray into co-producing (later following her departure from Knots Landing she found great success as a trashy TV movie queen starring in mostly issue-of-the-week melodramas through most of the '90s - she usually played a victim of some sort clearly determined to wash her hands of the wonderfully wicked and entertaining conniver she played for so long on Knots). Funniest are the drawn-out fantasy sequences filmed as though they are meant to be soft-core porn (wind and smoke machines backlighting porno music) but as this is a network TV movie the scenes are all very chaste and ultimately not very sexy at all. The most amusing (and bizarre) scene has Mills taking a walk on the wild side downtown among the spiky-haired punks (complete with Robert Palmer soundtrack). <br /><br />Less laughable is the dreadful dialogue that the cardboard characters are forced to utter (pity poor Cicely Tyson as the mandatory psycho-analyst or Veronica Cartwright as the mandatory best friend or even pre-Babs James Brolin with that daytime soap style of clenched fist anger.)<br /><br />Of course as in all of these sorts of films we learn that all problems can be solved through psycho-therapy and then the film just becomes silly as we explore briefly the reasons for Mills' "shocking" behaviour (as if it can't just be that she wants a good shag!)<br /><br />Vacuous.
critique8581 I mean come on! Now my countrymen have started to make westerns! Is it not enough that our cinema sucks already? Now you need to infect English-language movies with Polish acting and no sense whatsoever? Please stay away from this movie do not waste your eyes on it. A 5-year-old baby could make a movie that makes more sense. I am from Poland and I am ashamed this title might actually be watched by you. Please I am begging you do NOT watch this movie and if you do do NOT judge Polish people and Polish movies based on what you see there. We had some good movies in our history and we had some bad ones but this one - it is like nothing worse that I have seen in my entire life. Keep away!!!
critique8582 The "saucy" misadventures of four au pairs who arrive in London on the same day in the early 1970s. There's a Swedish girl a Danish a German and a Chinese. The story contrives to get the clothes off all of them involve them in some Carry On-type humour and couple them with various misfits from the British film and TV culture of the time including Man About the House star Richard O'Sullivan future Coronation Street rogue Johnny Briggs and horror film stalwart Ferdy Mayne (playing a sheik). There's a pretty risquÃƒÂ© amount of female nudity on display for those who like that kind of thing (but obviously nothing hardcore).<br /><br />Most of the film is pretty thin and inconsequential; the girls are stereotypes and German Anita especially suffers from some kind of infantalising disorder - she's a moron obsessed with colour TV who acts like a kind of uninhibited child & dresses to deliberately show her private parts; in another more serious film she would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting section of the film involves the Swedish girl being taken to a club in London where some dodgy types are still trying to swing being seduced by a middle-aged rocker losing her virginity and realising that the scene is not for her. These sequences have some energy in them and point to a more intriguing film than we've ended up with in which promiscuity and the dregs of the music business and upper classes live soulless and seedy lives (there's a fine turn by John Standing as an impotent public school rouÃƒÂ©). The strangest of the stories has the Chinese girl (future cannibal film veteran Me Me Lay) getting off with her childish piano prodigy employer falling mutually in love with and then leaving in the middle of the night for no good reason at all except some orientalist notion that "Chinese birds are inscrutable ain't they?!" The film is pretty demeaning to its women characters and there's a smattering of homophobia in the dialogue and one of the characterisations. The end is striking as Mayne's sheik for no earthly reason (except they have to end the film somehow) whisks all of the girls away to his Arab kingdom for what looks to all the world like a future in the white slave trade which they are all delighted about.<br /><br />Stuff and nonsense for the most part then but directed with a fair amount of skill by veteran Val Guest which puts it as a piece of film-making a notch above most of the 70s Brit sexploitation flicks.
critique8583 I wasn't really going to comment but then I figured I had something to say. I saw this film two days ago and although I think it's not a complete waste of time (it might have been of money though for the producers) it's obvious it has serious problems. It's got really good cinematography and (little but) nice music. A lot has been said about Ana Cristina Oliveira but let's be honest over what? She is not really an actress an she balances permanently between over-acting and preposterous under-acting. Her performance passes for good because there has never been anyone like Odete in any other film: crazy? sad? childlike? an impostor? no one knows fellows. So she's kinda sorta dictating the rules here.<br /><br />I thought this film was also a good example of the problem most Portuguese films suffer from: soundtrack. There is a permanent NO to dubbing and the result is this usual mass of noise that comes out of the blue. People in other countries may think Portugal is the noisiest of places. What thrilled me though was that some of the dialog was dubbed but it didn't necessarily solve the syndrome. Bad dubbing too I must say. It's strange to watch a film in which the first thing that strikes my mind on the first scene when the first character speaks is: it's dubbed. And all this to say that the film has technical problems.<br /><br />It also has script problems. It tries to be classical from the first to the last scene. There was a desperate fear of leaving things suspended and that shows. The writer was obviously trying to get everything straight and he does but... it shows!! All dialog is too expositive and there isn't one single piece of talk that sounds like a line from a film. It's all a little raw and slightly unpleasant.<br /><br />Not that the film is a total mess I must stress. I just think the good parts are so obvious that I prefer to concentrate on the bad ones.<br /><br />Direction brings little to the weak screenplay. All shots are classical and un-innovative but their beautiful. Great work from Rui PoÃƒÂ§as by the way.<br /><br />Now what I think was THE problem the one that keeps people from believing this story and laugh throughout the film instead of taking it seriously: The guy who plays the guy who DIES is obviously not an actor. Actually It's a rather important role and I can't see why non-actors are cast for such parts. This guy is neither an actor nor a good-looking man. Which means the whole film rolls down the mountain since we never believe for one second that this gorgeous woman is obsessed with him even though he's gone and that his hunky lover who survives is actually having a bad time getting over the loss when all we see of this character is apathy. Too bad. The world is full of beautiful people who even happen to be nice seductive lovers. The world is full of good actors who are also cute boys and capable of causing obsessions on people after they's gone. The world is full of great films and also of not that great films. C'est la vie!
critique8584 I've never actually seen this film but can tell you one thing about its production. While a comedy/oldies radio DJ in 1988 I got a call from the production company. They asked if I'd write and record a bit they'd drop into the soundtrack as sounds eminating from a TV (the television screen itself would never be shown). I said sure wrote a parody of '50s sci-fi monster clichÃƒÂ©s rounded up some sound effects and called in another DJ Pam Landry to play the female part. As she happened to be on the air at the time she put on a long song joined me at the mike in the production room and we cut the voicetrack in a single take. Giggling she then went back to her show while I mixed in the goofy sound effects. We'd have never done it if we'd known that "Woodchipper Massacre" was going to be such a turkey -- but then again we never got paid for our efforts either! -- Gary Theroux
critique8585 In my knowledge Largo winch was a famous Belgium comics (never read) telling the adventures of a playboy a sort of James Bond without the spy life! So when I had to choose a movie for a 5 years-old kid I picked it up because the kid was already a great fan of James Bond!<br /><br />But just after the opening credits I got heavy doubts: when American movies offer amazing start here no action and a torrid sex scene Ã‚Â… Then the story get very complicated with financial movesÃ‚Â… I thought I lost the kid.<br /><br />But strangely he had been caught by Largo and more than James Bond! <br /><br />Was it the excellent interpretation of Tomer Sisley? The difficult relationship Largo has with his father? The multiple box story in which the friends are the bad guys the bad guys are the friends? The exotic locations of Honk-Kong Yougoslavia? <br /><br />Dunno but he really cares about Largo ("Will he get up?) and we enjoyed our moment.
critique8586 I won't go into detail about why this movie deserves an awful rating plenty of other people have already done that. Suffice it to say that out of the over 400 movies that I've owned on DVD this is the ONLY one that I got rid of- it was so worthless that I couldn't see ever wanting to watch ANY of it again.<br /><br />However I do have a comment on the ridiculously high average rating of 2.9 (as of 3-15-06). While skimming through the 4 pages of reviews I saw no rating higher than 3 stars. Looking at the voting history 78% of users rated the movie as 4 stars or less. It looks to me like a few people are stuffing the ballot box to keep this movie off of the IMDb "bottom 100" list. It would be interesting to see how many of the 30 users who rated this movie as 10 stars (none of who wrote a review of the movie) are actual active users.<br /><br />Don't be fooled this movie isn't worth your time.
critique8587 First To Die 2003<br /><br />I'll admit my mistake first: I didn't realize this was a made for TV movie. I was "thrown off" by the "R" certification. The plot is strong but the movie is about 40 minutes too long. The direction and continuity were excellent. For the most part the cast was exceptional and did a good job with their characters. The down side of the movie is that it definitely falls into the "chick flick" genre. Although there are some violent scenes none of the violence should call for an "R" rating. There is no nudity or gratuitous sex scenes. Actually there are no sex scenes. Ona Grauer (who is absolutely beautiful) Kristina Copeland Sonya Salomaa and Glynis Davies were all guests on the SG-1 series but this movie did nothing to advance their careers since they were all used as low level supporting actresses. Robert Patrick was fantastic as he usually is and Mitch Pileggi made me think of a modern day Lee Marvin. The very talented Megan Gallagher who I came to respect as an actor during the Millennium series was given nothing challenging to show her range of abilities. The greatest disappointment with regard to the cast was Tracy Pollan. Aside from being a below average actress and not particularly attractive her voice is absolutely annoying. I found myself muting the TV during her dialogue. I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys the Lifetime TV type of programs. I would not recommend paying any money to see this movie however. Considering I found nothing that would cause censorship this is a movie that is worthy for only watching on TV since nothing will be cut out. As a TV movie I would rate this as a 5 out 10. As a feature film with an "R" certification and such as strong cast I rate it as a 2 out of ten.
critique8588 When Samantha Eggar (as Phyllis Dietrickson) answers the door of her house swathed in a towel you realize that as competent an actress as Eggar may be she doesn't have the hypnotic allure of Barbara Stanwyck. And it is not entirely Eggar's fault. In the original film Wilder had Stanwyck not only appear in a towel but she enters the scene on the second floor balcony of the house. And she doesn't "come out"; she appears almost as if by magic. Walter Neff is staring up at her from below on the first floor. There is a reason for this. Stanwyck is much higher than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when they are first introduced. It is not just the towel. The towel adds to the seductive allure. Her pose is like a Greek Goddess overlooking her domain and in a strange way you feel as if from the start she is actually controlling the entire situation. She has sexual even magic power. This person is no ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with secrets hidden within.<br /><br />Back to 1973. The remake has Crenna knock on the front door. Stanwyck's stand-in Eggar answers the door with a towel around her. There is no "appearance". She simply opens the door. The alluring superiority that grabs the audience at the first appearance of Stanwyck in 1944 is entirely absent in 1973. She opens the door with a towel around her. It may be sexy in a Charlie's Angels sort of way but it's not nearly as mysterious. The filmmakers of the remake seem to misunderstand Wilder's point. The script may have said "Phyllis appears in towel" so the filmmakers of the remake simply follow the instructions and include the required towel. The point is not the towel. The point is the enigmatic quality of Phyllis and the potential power she wields. Wilder gave her a towel to add to her mystique. The filmmakers of the remake gave her a towel because that's what Wilder did. And in the choice of shot lost all of Phyllis' mystique.<br /><br />Richard Crenna also seems miscast. He seems like he's "acting" and not really in the midst of the dilemma. Part of the problem is Crenna appears so much like a 70's actor. He can't get into the 1940's. When MacMurray first speaks into the microphone sweat begins to drip from his face. No sweat on Crenna. And they also changed one of the crucial lines at the beginning. In the original Neff says "I didn't get the money and I didn't get the woman." In the 1973 version Crenna says "I didn't get the money and I didn't want the woman." Did the filmmakers completely misunderstand the entire point of the story? Or were they dumbing it down for a "television" audience?<br /><br />This made-for-TV movie is a by-the-numbers rendition. All the sharp edge of the original is lost. The only stand-out maybe is Lee J. Cobb in the role made famous by Edward G. Robinson. But he cannot save the loss of intensity of the original. This 1973 boring remake is a forgettable TV-movie made probably by the same people who did "Gilligan's Island". They might as well have tried to remake "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind". If mediocrity is the best one can hope for what's the point? The 1944 classic is a Film with a capital "F". This made-for-TV remake deserves an "F" grade or maybe a "D" for dumb.
critique8589 I happened to catch this on TV and wanted to watch because I remembered the Spin magazine article upon which the movie is based. I was very disappointed. First if James Belushi is the lead actor in a movie it should be a sign that it's not exactly an A-list production. Gregory Hines was a world class dancer but sadly not a great actor.<br /><br />In fact all of the acting in this film is either flat or hammy which can only be blamed on the director who is this film's weakest link. Charles Carner seemed to be trying to ape Oliver Stone's "JFK" in portraying the alleged conspiracy to cover up the "real" child murderer(s) but without the benefit of a good script an A-list cast or it must be said the talent. It just doesn't work.<br /><br />It's a shame that such a worthy topic for a film did not get better treatment.
critique8590 Don't be greedy sums up the depth of this movie. All the rest of the baloney is big budget window dressing. The movie rotates through hiding the ball annoyingly and revealing too much. None of the potentially interesting plot tangents are developed yet the trite ones are hashed and rehashed to excess.<br /><br />The charm of DD as others have pointed out was in the schizophrenia devicethe humor woven into the fabric of the movie and most importantly the acting. There is enough wooden acting in The Box to attract a giant mound of martian termites.<br /><br />The biggest problem with suspending disbelief during this mess is the glaring question "why would a technologically superior power capable of taking over the government need to do any testing at all?" Awful failure of a movie.
critique8591 A Movie about a bunch of some kind of filmmakers who want to make a documentary on a new kind of surfing in shark-infested waters. As an absolute fan of movies including some kind of vicious animals or monsters I thought this might be my kind of movie... it wasn't!!! This should be more of a guideline of how not to do it! It has a lot of accidental humor in it and the evil beast is an incredible joke in the final scene it goes after the main characters *rolling* the feet are obviously waving in the air! It looks ridiculous! Good for a laugh though. If it were only for the lack of talent between the actors the embarrassingly stupid dialogs and the hilariously stupid crocodile it would be at least worth a laugh but it gets worse: I'd guess the people in charge of this movie noticed how weak it was so they though up the old idea of "sex sells"... Totally i mean TOTALLY without any reasons one of the main actresses shows her breasts to the beast. And somewhere towards the beginning there's some kind of meaningless "makeout". This is the last ingredient making the movie absolute trash to me. It's incredible how people actually spend time producing such rubbish! If you are seeking for a real waste of time: watch this movie!!!
critique8592 Finally i thought someone is going to do justice to H.G. Wells's classic  not another version set in the wrong locale or era  but one based firmly on the book . Well it definitely follows the book pretty closely  and that is the only plus to this mess.<br /><br />This is 180 Min's (yes 3 hours) long  the book is only around 150 pages .<br /><br />If Timothy Hines had the nerve to come on here and say "if you can do any better ..." i would say "yes  i could" and i have never used a video camera or been to any sort or drama school in my life.<br /><br />I paid good money to get this crap over to the UK from the USA  do not make the same mistake as me .
critique8593 When the American movie industry tries to critically look at their own government they make damn sure it looks good even when it's bad.<br /><br />The film does 1 thing right it demonstrates perfectly what is wrong with the American politics. The motto seems to be to f**k with whoever it takes to get things done!!! Mix an American Congressmen a CIA agent a Jew and an Arab... just to f**k the Ruskies. Thanks to US for giving us Osama Bin Laden.<br /><br />The disappointment of the film comes in the face of muddling up the issues: using imagery of Afghan children with no arms and the stories of soviet atrocities and then making a blatant attempt to suggest a link between those and the reasoning behind the American help. Every sensible person knows why the $1000000000 was raised... not the dying Afghani children that's for sure.<br /><br />As usual the serious issues are covered into facade of bullshit dialogue. "Here is to you you M***r F*****s" Hoffmam chants at the end all that's missing is the American flag in the background and the stupid military solutes. The films can not help but leave the aftertaste of the feeling of American pride and glee on how we (the Americans) have saved the world... once again. Not even the last 5 minutes of the film can save it where an attempt is being made to stop praising yourself and wake up to the fact that its just another American F**k up.<br /><br />The acting and editing was good though.
critique8594 I happened to rent this movie with my sister in hopes of watching a great entertaining movie that was humorous however my expectations were let down. This movie was beyond disgusting and revolting for a PG-13 movie this should have been rated R for the many mature references that went on in this movie. I wouldn't recommend allowing a 13 year old teen see this.<br /><br />Even if no one under the age of 17 is watching this movie beware of a truly stupid movie there's no humor in the movie just a bunch of disgusting sexual references including a small touch of pedophilia something that shouldn't even be joked about. <br /><br />I would like to know what happened to PG-13 movies that were actually safe for actual a 13 year old? This is beyond a deplorable movie and should be re-rated.
critique8595 I'll put it straight to you this movie is dead boring. It's about a flood that's it. Blah blah a little about family blah blah blah politics blah blah blah boring. <br /><br />Blame it all on the weatherman poor sod. The Deputy Prime Minister Campbell is a hard-ass that expects everyone to be clairvoyant a most irritating character. <br /><br />If you are from the United Kingdom or anywhere that it may flood then you might like this film. It's sort of like earthquake movies are most appreciated where earthquakes happen. <br /><br />This is not really an action film where the weather is the enemy and you must conquer or outrun it literally it is more like a time-bomb that must be disabled. <br /><br />Looking at this movie it is understandable why the UK thinks the world is overpopulated it isn't but for them it is. <br /><br />Really the movie is about as exciting as picking scabs and I can't recommend it. It's over 100 minutes far far too long.<br /><br />The problems with the film; I won't get into them beyond this because the film doesn't deserve such dissection. Hint to you Londoner's - buy more boats. If you bring children to this movie they'll either fall asleep or become uncontrolled bored screaming demons.
critique8596 Why do they insist on making re-makes of great movies like "High Noon" "From Here to Eternity" and this one?<br /><br />Why do they think that color is more engrossing to a viewer than stark black and white?<br /><br />Why did Robert's insist on wearing that dopey broad-billed baseball cap?...it made him look like Jim Varney.<br /><br />Why would anyone spend four hours suffering through this?<br /><br />Watch the original. Then YOU won't have to ask yourself WHY.
critique8597 I saw this movie on Mystery Science Theater 300. It sucked so much. If I hadn't been watching it on MST3K I probably would've thrown it out the window. The characters were incredibly lame and it didn't provide much of a plot in my opinion.
critique8598 One of my sisters friends lent me this game and it is too damn hard! It carries the appearance of a kids game but you have to learn how to do tons of intricate moves that require you to twist and turn your hands into all sorts of awkward positions and you have to search seemingly endless levels for 100 notes to improve your 'score'! You also have to find these impossibly hidden jigsaw puzzle pieces that require you to do almost impossible tasks to get them! AND I AM ONLY UP TO STAGE THREE!!!!! Maybe if you have no life nad can stay home all the time you might get some enjoyment out of this but otherwise keep away! AND IT IS DEFINATELY NOT RECOMMENDED FOR KIDS - THEY WILL PULL THEIR HAIR OUT WITHIN THE HOUR!
critique8599 This is high-gloss soft-porn; a boring soap opera concentrating on one thing: sex. They actually made sex boring sad to say because I defy you to watch this casually and tell me what the storyline was. What this is is an excuse for Kim Bassinger to show off her great body and for Mickey Rourke to smirk a lot. That's it. Rourke's smugness is so bad it's sickening and Bassinger despite the great figure looks cheap more than beautiful.<br /><br />Kudos to the photographer for some nice closeup shots and some wonderful color but the story is so weak - no character development and no plot - it's unable to compensate. Let's face it: this movie was made for only reason - to titillate male viewers. On that level it probably succeeded. If I recall it's why I gave it a look being a fan of Bassinger's looks but I actually expected a story too.<br /><br />Those trying to pass this off as "arty" and something deeper than soft porn are only fooling themselves.
critique8600 This short was director Del Lord's last and only Shemp short. The problem: It was quite weak and the cafe scene was pretty much a carbon copy of a Curly short "Busy Buddies" (1944). The interrogation scene was pretty funny and the beginning part of the cafe part. But there are a lot of plotholes in this short. For example why are the stooges hiding in the garbage can when the police come? In the remake "Of Cash And Hash"(1955) director Jules White fixes this and the reason for the stooges hiding in the garbage can is because there is a gunfight between the police and the armored car robbers. The scene in which Moe is having trouble with the oyster was done before with Curly in "Dutiful But Dumb" (1941). The spooky house part wasn't all that great except for the hilarious scene on the outside of the spooky house. To top it off the ending had no sting to it. Rating: C-
critique8601 Priyadarshan's HERA PHERI was a nice situational comedy This film however actually lacks a story but is quite funny but illogical<br /><br />In fact they is no proper story yet it somehow manages a nice flow though it isn't anything great<br /><br />The first half has 2 funny scenes like the one where Akshay and John invite Neha for a lunch and another when Paresh enters<br /><br />The first half gets boring slowly but the second half is funnier though they is no script <br /><br />The jokes are funny though one does wonder how they never hear each person's voices from inside the rooms?<br /><br />The climax confusion is treated like a stage play but it's quite funny But the film ends abruptly<br /><br />Direction is okay Music is good<br /><br />Akshay Kumar excels in his part which is now become his second skin but this is his film completely and he overshadows everyone else<br /><br />John stumbles throughout and fails in comedy Paresh Rawal is hilarious Rajpal is okay The girls are loud at times and awkward too Nargis Daisy and Neetu(only Neetu is seen now) are good in parts but shriek too often Manoj Joshi is okay
critique8602 After watching this thing then reading the summary on the back of the DVD then thinking back to actual movie....I became a bit dizzy. I thought maybe I fell asleep and dreamed I was a down syndrome baby waltzing through a never ending forest where people drive 11 miles an hour and stop for no purpose other then occasional tasteless lesbianism. Where (zombies?) come out of nowhere and (vampires?) who (seduce?) pure hearted citizens on their way to save the world. Neither zombie nor vampire notably encounter each other. The only fighting i remember was getting that walrus Bonny Giroux's panties off. Coo Coo ca FAT! All of them! Maybe that was because we were watching it widescreen stretched and were too lazy to change it to its native resolution but that actually made it more entertaining... In conclusion my trailing thought thesis had more continuity plot character development antagonism subject matter and acting then the entirety of this film. It made Bloodrayne look like Citizen F***ING KANE
critique8603 Or maybe that's what it feels like. Anyway "The Bat People" is about as flat as a rug bland as a sack of flour and as exciting as a rock...and as intelligent as all three combined.<br /><br />Okay plot in a nutshell (fitting vessel that...): a doctor (Moss) gets bitten by a bat while checking out a cave with his wife (McAndrew) and subsequently turns into a bat - well not exactly a bat but a bat-like creature that looks more like a werewolf who kills his victims in a first-person camera viewpoint....<br /><br />But then there's the business of the sheriff (Pataki) who is about the WORST kind of sheriff: the hick kind. He hassles people he leers at married women he steals handkerchiefs from haberdasheries (the FIEND!) he smokes with one of those cigarette holders in his mouth and talks at the same time making him look and sound like Buford T. Justice in "Smokey and the Bandit" and (this is the worst part)... HE'S THE MOST LIKEABLE CHARACTER IN THE WHOLE FILM!<br /><br />The whole film though is just TV movie-of-the-week-like crapola (guano in this case). It's an AIP for crying out loud! What did you expect Oscar caliber stuff?<br /><br />And what else can you say about a film that not even MST3K can save?<br /><br />How about...no stars for "The Bat People" full version OR MST3K version!<br /><br />By the way if there's ever a sequel for this movie I'm burying my TV.
critique8604 This is a movie about making a movie. Such movies may be entertaining but they need some substance to do so. It did not happen here I am afraid. Mr Coppola did not inherit his father's skills unfortunately (neither did his sister who can however make movies which one might watch).<br /><br />I do wonder how this movie came to get such rave reviews. <br /><br />Let's see: the lead male actor supposedly a director is as expressive as a frozen squid and his voice has the same pitch whatever he says the lead female actress has an expression on her face that never changes the plot is totally segmented in bits with perhaps one single connecting element the movie within the movie idea must be more stale than paleolithic rocks... Would that be enough?<br /><br />I regretted every single moment I watched this movie. A walk with the dog is far superior entertainment to this unbelievably lame movie. It's as if a FranÃƒÂ§ois Truffaut plot were directed by Dick Cheney...<br /><br />Brazil some other classic SF movies? You must be really joking...
critique8605 Movie didn't have much plot and was uninteresting. Basically you spend a lot of time watching people paint. Also it's very difficult to hear or understand the dialogue -- partially because of the accents but also because words are mumbled.
critique8606 They screwed up this story! In the end Nell is all heroic and taking on for the team to save all their asses from Hill House and a bunch of nonsense like that! They added heads getting chopped wires cutting peoples faces and the ceiling turning into a giant hand! What the hell is that about??? I own and love the original movie I read the book and I love it! The reason why the original movie and the book are so great is because it scares you so much without even showing the ghost. There is no gore. There is no ceiling hand. It is only the ghost ad how ghosts can truly kill a person. They cannot kill us they cannot throw us about the room or fly a knife into our head. No. They can only drive us mad. Taking away all our senses of security. Nell was a selfish woman. She only wanted good things for herself. Yes she cared a little for the others but not too much. David Self and Jan de Bont have taken a crap on this great story! I hate this damn remake!
critique8607 I saw the capsule comment said "great acting." In my opinion these are two great actors giving horrible performances and with zero chemistry with one another for a great director in his all-time worst effort. Robert De Niro has to be the most ingenious and insightful illiterate of all time. Jane Fonda's performance uncomfortably drifts all over the map as she clearly has no handle on this character mostly because the character is so poorly written. Molasses-like would be too swift an adjective for this film's excruciating pacing. Although the film's intent is to be an uplifting story of curing illiteracy watching it is a true "bummer." I give it 1 out of 10 truly one of the worst 20 movies for its budget level that I have ever seen.
critique8608 This feels like a feature-lenght treatment of a comedy-routine that could have also been told in a ten-minute short. Also technical credits are sup-par. The film really feels like a film school diploma project.<br /><br />The cast is a mix of seasoned stage pros and talented newcomers but the problems is the superficial scrip. Their lines feel constructed exactly like cued TV show material.<br /><br />The director fails to take his protagonists seriously therefore we are not touched by their problems and conflicts.<br /><br />The film has been cleverly marketed and offers a unique selling point but in the end the film disappoints on all levels.
critique8609 Margaret Mitchell spins in her grave every time somebody watches this mess! Fine costuming and sets can't even begin to overwhelm lackluster performances by Joanne Whalley (as the title character) and the ever-bland Timothy Dalton (as Rhett). Even worse than the acting--and perhaps partially explaining it--is the script which is astoundingly cliched and predictable. Add to that hellishly bad script a score that'll have you cringing and you've got a disaster I wouldn't wish on any viewer. SCARLETT is just amazingly lousy and I can't imagine how it ever got made much less made it to video.
critique8610 Both Killjoy 1 and Killjoy 2 stunk but the first was better. The special effects in this movie were not special at all. Even though the killings were better in this installment they were not anything to brag about. One thing that was worse in part 2 were the characters. They changed emotions suddenly and some of their lines were just dumb. For instance one character quoted " You better have some R.E.S.P.E.C.T. or you'll find out what is means to me." Once I heard that line I figured it was of the worst I've ever heard. Another thing that I hated about this movie was the fact it was too short. A successful movie has to go more than one hour and twenty minutes like Killjoy 2. If Full Moon makes part 3 of Killjoy that would be stooping to the lowest level they can possibly go. Overall 1 of 10.<br /><br />
critique8611 Usually I have a lot of luck with these small scale movies. I looked at the cast. Leary Lovitz Delpy Wuhrer Estevez. How bad could it be? Unfortunately the answer was...pretty bad. I have a hard time remembering a movie that had such poor execution of a plot that had potential.
critique8612 I was really disappointed with this film. The first Waters movie I saw was Serial Mom and I loved it. Then I saw Pecker and I loved it. Then I watched Polyester and really sort of hated it. The only thing I liked about that movie was DIVINE. She/He had a hell of a lot of talent. I was truly surprised. As a whole I wouldn't recommend this film...
critique8613 I have read the novel Reaper of Ben Mezrich a fews years ago and last night I accidentally came to see this adaption.<br /><br />Although it's been years since I read the story the first time the differences between the novel and the movie are humongous. Very important elements which made the whole thing plausible are just written out or changed to bad.<br /><br />If the plot sounds interesting to you: go and get the novel. Its much much much better.<br /><br />Still 4 out of 10 since it was hard to stop watching because of the great basic plot by Ben Mezrich.
critique8614 The hero John Keem is going after some drug dealers who kidnaps girls for some reason. On his journey he uses karate and kung fu moves and I don't believe he got hit a single time during the movie. This is Crap.
critique8615 The competition for the worst Warner Bros Kay Francis movie is stiff. I've only seen perhaps eight of them but Comet over Broadway is the worst so far. The very best thing about it is that it's short. Oh and the Orry-Kelly gowns (of course) are fine. James Wong Howe's cinematography is not. Kay Francis throughout looks fat-faced and far less attractive than she normally does. Minna Gombell whom I don't know otherwise is good as a semi-tough "burlesque" dancer (it looked more like a fashion show than burlesque). The closing shot - Kay Francis and her child (when did the child learn that Kay Francis was her mother? Did I doze off?) walking up a dirt path toward a prison painted in misty outlines on a sound stage drop is beyond ludicrous. The whole film is so cheap so implausible and so careless that it feels infected by a sour cynicism on the part of everyone who made it: Warner Bros tossing garbage to dolts who don't know in Warner Bros' cynical estimation of them that what they're getting is garbage.
critique8616 I had been avoiding this movie for sometime...because I viewed it as an unneccesary installment to a series that should have only had 2 parts. But after reading some fairly favorable reviews...from some IMDB watchers...I spent $1.50 and rented it at my local video store. Need I go further...when I say....this was a buck-50 lost. This movie is one of the 10 worst movies I have ever seen. First off....I realize that noone wanted to see a 33 year old Macchio in this film.....But why could'nt they have had Miyagi read a letter or something from Daniel-san...maybe explaining what happened to Daniel...hell they could have at least made a quick mention of daniel or something. But no...and to compund the already bad script....they added those stupid monks...I thought monks take a vow of silence...guess these yapping monks don't take their vows seriously...hehehe. The training the girl went through in the movie was hurried and stupid...and the paramilitary group of young males....were a confusing concept to say the least....this was far from even being a martial arts movie...with the girl only fighting briefly in the final scene....and then she didn't even come close to getting hit even once...by the male fighting her....give me a break...she would have gotten hit at least once....I guess the writers and directors thought it would be to shocking to see a girl get punched by a male in this one. I could go on and on...but basically...I'll end by saying that this movie was just so bad....even the girl they chose wasn't nice to even look at(she was sorta "butch" looking)....I can only think of a handful of movies that I have sit through...that compare to just how bad this flick was.....DON"T WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS ONE..........
critique8617 Well I hate hollywood but love cinema so i have to watch these cruddy movies in theaters. And I was hoping Vanilla Sky would be good. i was hoping that they would either keep the original "Open Your Eyes" exactly the same or they would make it their own. Well it happened to be a little bit of both and it sucked.<br /><br />It started out good. I love Radiohead. I wish there was more of that. But by the end we are listening to Good Vibrations by The Beach Boys. Talk about a wide range of suck between. They had one or two good songs in the club and maybe a couple others but why oh why did they have to blare GV during the climax. It was more annoying than confusing or blatant. Especially when it has NOTHING TO DO WITH THE PLOT. At least put some meaning behind the songs. Kid A = primary. Whatever.<br /><br />He also did a bang up job with the club scene. That was cool. Otherwise the movie was one big ball of arrogance. As if audiences would get the movie. The ones that would get it read subtitles and the rest won't. Its as simple as that. The motivations got all screwed up. I didn't comprehend the Diaz motivations (hadn't they done the Chicken Soup night before?) and some of the others. And I hate Kurt Russell. Stay overboard. Tom Cruise can't act (especially in these types of movie i.e. Eyes Wide Shut). And the elevator. I get it. Anyways they tried improving the original with a crappy american rock soundtrack and crappy angles and good film print and glossy processing and it would have helped if crowe hadn't screwed it up.<br /><br />2/10 Major disappointment.
critique8618 Let me start out by saying i will try not to put too many spoilers in this. Normally I enjoy Robin Williams movies however this gem was not one of them. It was billed as a suspenseful thriller. The night listener was anything but. To be blunt there were 6 people in the theater opening day 2 walked out for good reason. The movie was in my opinion poorly written and directed. The acting was alright but again there wasn't anything to work with. The movie is about A storyteller who reads a good book by a dying kid. However *insert spooky here* no one can verify the kids existence. So Williams goes to Wisconsin to try and find the author however all he gets is a headache and excuses from the boys caretaker. There thats it thats all. You wait for about an hour and a half and movie ends. It had as many thrills and chills as a dentist office visit. The homosexual undertones or overtones had really nothing to do with the story and the movie had a little profanity but it seemed to be thrown in there for absolutely no reason and made little sense. In conclusion i really can't write a decent review on this film because there was nothing to it it was as captivating as watching paint dry. I gave it a 2 because the acting for what it was worth was alright and it wasn't directed by Uwe Boll.
critique8619 Wow I love and respect pretty much anything that David Lynch has done. However this movie is akin to a first filmmaker's attempt at making a pseudo art video. <br /><br />To give you a couple of examples: <br /><br />1. David Lynch is typically a visual filmmaker however this had little visual artistic content (blank walls "up shots" with ceiling in the background) <br /><br />2. David Lynch typically takes great pride in audio however in this you could even hear the video camera's hum. <br /><br />In fact it is very hard to swallow the idea that he had anything to do with this movie. unless...<br /><br />...this is a joke on David's part to force fans search his website (for hours) only to find this drivel. I hope so because at least that idea is funny.
critique8620 This should be re-named "Everybody Loves Sebastian". The 1983 rural go-nowhere town high school junior (or senior? - they seemed to flip flop on that one) with weird hair and "Leo-like" good looks has a big plate full of issues. His step-dad announces definite plans to have a sex-change operation upon which his mom calls the marriage quits; Sebastian is called the "f" word by everyone and their mother all-the-while "kissing around" with various girls getting high on Ready-Whip at a supermarket and saving a "strawberry" prostitute from the clutches of her ruthless pimp.<br /><br />Sebastian's "buddies" make Eddie Haskal look like a choir boy; bad association doesn't get much worse. Sebastian seems to go for "Harold's" suicide attempts record (although he won't admit suicidal tendanccies). For no apparent reason the genius level SAT scoring Sebastian MUST graduate a year early although he has no clue about the future nor does he want to attend college (what gives with this nonsense?).<br /><br />This film is a look into a few weeks in the life of someone who is PRETTY MESSED UP. The final scene suggests that things will be alright although the HOW is left entirely up to the viewer.<br /><br />The makers of this film seem to bank solely on the undisputed appeal of the very attractive male lead. The "story" leaves a lot to be desired. Looking for "what will this gorgeous kid do next...?" doesn't exactly satisfy. The lackluster production values just don't measure up to other films independent or otherwise. A low budget and weak story need more than a pretty face to carry it through. The "results" of this project are forgettable and an insult to intelligent cinema fans.
critique8621 I didn't see this movie when it originally came out but there has been a couple songs sharing the title and the term still gets used from time to time and I figured there must be something to the flick so I dug it up and gave a view. Now I would like the approximate hour and forty five minutes of my life back(it seemed much longer). There was nothing particularly bad about the movie the acting was good no large plot holes of course there wasn't much plot to have holes in. There just wasn't a lot to the movie. There was some chemistry between the two but nothing compelling about their relationship; Nothing interesting about their story. Near the end when he attempts to chase down the train to catch his fleeing romance neither my wife nor I wanted him to catch her. Honestly we figured they were better off with out each other and if they did get back together we really didn't care. So what's that say about this love story when even a 25 year old sappy romantic like my wife had no emotional investment in the relationship. I should have left this one in the "missed" category.<br /><br />Logan Lamech www.eloquentbooks.com/LingeringPoets.html
critique8622 I'll dispense with the obvious review of factual inaccuracies. They are too numerous to name. A much shorter list would be what they got right. 1. Dude named Noah. 2. Ark with animals on it. <br /><br />If you want a much more accurate portrayal of Noah's Ark and the destruction of Sodom go rent "The Bible" (1966). It depicts the story of creation through Abraham attempting to sacrifice his son Isaac. It's a much better movie and it may be that the abomination called "Noah's Ark" (1999) drove you to seek just such a film. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060164/<br /><br />I really couldn't stomach watching the whole movie. From reading other comments I can see that even the atheists found it grossly inaccurate. As a Christian it was intolerable to me. Possibly the worst movie ever made. No real point to this movie either except maybe to showcase their sub-par computer animation.<br /><br />Was it a complete waste? Maybe not. God can use evil to work good. <br /><br />Romans 8:28 says 28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God to them who are the called according to his purpose.<br /><br />Genesis 50 says 20 But as for you ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good to bring to pass as it is this day to save much people alive.<br /><br />In the second example Joseph's brothers meant to kill him but God turned their evil into a very great good. He may have done the same thing with this movie.<br /><br />People were so astonished by its lack of Biblical foundation that they probably broke out the dusty old Bible and read the story for themselves. To find out about Lot and Sodom they would have to go the whole way up to Genesis 19 before God destroys Sodom and Gomorrah. By then they have read almost half of Genesis so they might want to finish. The next book is Exodus which the movie "The Ten Commandments" was based on (and much more accurately). If they have seen that movie then Exodus becomes an easy read. So now they have read at least two whole books of the Bible just because they watched a pathetic movie about Noah's Ark. I'm sure this actually happened to someone out there.<br /><br />God works in mysterious ways.
critique8623 Oh God. Why is it that Nickelodeon has such a hard time producing even a half-decent movie? I mean this movie might have been good but it was:<br /><br />A. Too short B. Rather superficial stereotypical and insulting to some C. Ultimately pointless<br /><br />First of all the "dress up the nerd to look cool" thing was VERY consumerist VERY superficial VERY pointless and VERY insulting. It has the stereotypical nerds-stupid faces glasses never kissed vacations with his mom etc. Well maybe the reason that guy has never kissed a girl is because he's gay! Does that mean that all gays are nerds? And what's wrong with being friends with your mother?<br /><br />The worst part by far was the ending. The whole drama of the movie revolved around Zoey finding out Chase loved her and blah blah blah and then when Chase finally decided to tell her <br /><br />A. he didn't tell her in person because right as he was about to the typical distraction came along B. he tried to text message her but her PDA fell into a fountain and died before she got the message.<br /><br />The End.<br /><br />HOW LAME IS THAT????? I mean why is it that cartoonists just can't change anything in the series? So many of us would like to see these two get together. Why can't we see it? I mean are the producers really that uncreative that they can't think up new problems to go with changes in the series? So they have to stick with the same plot and outlines and make as many episodes as they can just using those? After a while it gets dull and frustrating.<br /><br />I WANTED TO SEE SOME ACTUAL ROMANCE IN HERE DARN IT!<br /><br />Okay. I'm done with my rant.
critique8624 A pretty average scifi film. The plot was more or less obvious from the start. Although the acting was reasonably good the writing seemed very cliched using ideas taken from numerous films.<br /><br />The basic plot: Scientists working on a deep space research platform rescue a fighter from crashing into the red dwarf that they have been orbitting. Onboard they find a stasis pod which coincidently malfunctions at that very moment. After 2 or 3 minutes of the man in the pod waking up you realise that he is a complete lunatic. Something which totally escapes the 3 person crew of the research ship...<br /><br />After that it becomes a rip off every other film involving a psychotic madman terrorising innocent victims overall I think Speed 2 was a better exploration of the subject matter which I didn't consider to be a good film either.<br /><br />Not a good film get Aliens out and watch that again.<br /><br />
critique8625 While walking to buy cigarettes the professional dancer Daniel (Tom Long) is abducted and forced to have kinky sex along many days by three hooded women. When he is released the director of his company Isabel (Greta Scacchi) has already replaced him in the play and his girlfriend gives a cold reception to him. The disturbed and humiliated Daniel leaves the dance company and travels obsessed to seek out the abductors. Daniel has sex with many women that he suspects that might be the kidnappers. <br /><br />"The Book of Revelation" is a weird movie with a promising beginning that loses the initial power and becomes a sort of too long erotic soap- opera or soft-porn chic. The production is classy the cover of the DVD is awesome but the characters are not well-developed and the trauma of Daniel seems to be excessive since most of the men would fantasize with the dream-situation that he was submitted Ã‚Â– to become sexual object of three sexy women. The melodramatic development with the illness of Isabel does not add any value to the plot; the open conclusion is very disappointing and there are no explanations for the motive of the women or the title. It is very clear that the screenplay about a man's feelings was written by a woman. It was good to see the still beautiful Greta Scacchi again and her make-up in the end is impressive. There is a saying in Portuguese that could be translated to English as follows: "If the rape is inevitable relax and come." Daniel should have done this and spared me of watching almost two hours of a pointless story. My vote is four. <br /><br />Title (Brazil): "O Livro das RevelaÃƒÂ§ÃƒÂµes" ("The Book of Revelations")
critique8626 Let's face it; some lame kid who dies and has his soul transfered into a scarecrow. Das no gonna happen neva! OMFG This stupid loser kid who can't stand up for himself gets his ass handed to him by some drunk bastard screwing his mom. Right as he dies he looks up at the scarecrow and he let's his spirit go into the scarecrow. The drunk guy covered up his death by making it seem suicidal and thought he had gotten away with it. We later see he is tossed out of the trailer and later earns another encounter with the scarecrow. They had a brief encounter which includes the drunk calling him a loser and the scarecrow rebounding with "Takes one to know one loser!" The scarecrow flips off the building calls him "daddy-o" and then beheads the poor man. We can see how this awesome movie unfolds from that. He goes on to kill many people afterward. He mainly kills the people who gave him a hard time in rl and goes off to kill some random ass people just for some laughs. No laughing here. He adds a punchline to every kill too. Every time he killed someone he would do some karate flips and finish it all off with one of his signature punchlines. In the case of someone who was hard of hearing he would say "Here have an EAR of corn!" then shove it up their ass. OR we can actually take an example from the movie! He just got done killing a cop and was on his way to killing the only person who ever stood up for him. Her father the sheriff yelled to the madman to stop and he said "Hey stay awhile!" and threw a dagger threw his chest and stuck him onto some tree. In the end of the movie he killed two guys and threw in the punchline "Gotta split!" and killed two guys by shoving a scythe into their heads. Wowzors this movie made me want to cream my pants so bad. Maybe next time this guy makes a movie it won't be gay.
critique8627 Violence whether real or not always has an impact. In this film the violence is about as crass as you could ask for. In the Great Ecstacy the director has successfully demonstrated what extremes of violence people are capable of. But what was the point? The violence looks like a mix of NoÃƒÂ«'s 'Irreversible and ' Kubrick's 'Clockwork Orange'...both of which are remarkable films. Don't get me wrong I'm not opposed to screen violence at all and I've seen some nasty stuff in my film-going years but this film as a whole is totally juvenile. The story is never developed enough to offer any reason for the extreme violence the rizla paper thin reason we are give for Robert's demise is his introduction to drugs. Danny Dyer plays the character who is partly responsible for Robert's drug fuelled demise however he is on screen for less than 5 minutes. Lesley Manville is Robert's unable to cope mum I am not sure what either of these actors is doing in a film of this low caliber. The acting is wooden the scene in the kitchen with the TV-cook and his wife for instance is as painful to watch if not more so than the shocking finale- who wrote those dialogues?! Some of the comments the boys make...'looks like she's enjoying it' are so trite as to tempt one to laugh if it were not for Clay's ardent desire to bombard us with harrowing images of mutilated female genitals. Why we need to be shown such detail possibly down to the director's adolescent obsession with sadistic pornographic imagery...one can only wonder at this young man's psychology.<br /><br />The 'political meaning' of the film was repeatedly brought to our attention due to the amount of scenes; in the bar outside the TV-cook's house war in Iraq reports was perhaps too obvious in my opinion. Yes war is violent social determinism causes frustration we're all prone to horrifingly violent acts whether you're in politics or on the street popping E. Juxtaposing all these things as part of the same underlying issue is evading the actual issue which is the meaning of violence in man. This issue is one that we still haven't managed to grasp and certainly not in this film.<br /><br />My opinion: derivative badly-made and pointless.
critique8628 I was very surprised how bad this movie was. Nice cinematography and beautiful landscapes can only take the movie so far. I was hoping for a rerun of Hero but this is much much worse.<br /><br />This movie is why kung fu movies got a bad reputation in the first place. No believable characters (even within the cartoonish world of kung fu movies these characters are ridiculous) virtually no plot and ridiculous story twists.<br /><br />This movie is so boring and so frustrating because it reminds you of trying to play a make believe game with a child. Every time you think your silly battle makes some sense they invent another ridiculous twist that makes no sense ("Ah ha you only think you've got me with your super powers and 10000 ray guns but I ate my vitamins laced with plutonium and teflon so your ray guns don't work and I'm invulnerable to your super powers....tap tap no trade backs infinity PLUS one.") Children can continue with this lunacy because they don't really care whether anyone is listening because they are having a fun time. However for the VIEWER especially the adult viewer this long movie is worse than a bout with bad gas.<br /><br />SPOILERS AHEAD Note to kung fu movie makers (a) if you have a knife in your back it hurts unless you are on PCP in which case your kung fu is not strong (b) if you repeatedly fall on your back which has a knife in it it will hurt more and do more damage unless it is a fake prop (c) when you get stabbed in the heart with a knife you die especially in ancient china where there isn't a Kaiser Permanente around the corner (d) kung fu fights don't last for hours while 3 feet of snow falls and (e) sometimes it is worth while explaining your characters and their motivations.<br /><br />In any event go watch Hero again because at least within its own little world it is comprehensible.
critique8629 (mild spoilers)<br /><br />This movie was filthy and stupid. It could have done well without the constant humping and nude sex. It was also very profane. I think that they had a good story developing but they messed up the whole thing by overdoing it.
critique8630 I should have never watched this movie. The style of filming may be considered artsy to some but it is considered migraine-inducing to me. I think it may have had an interesting plot but since I couldn't watch it for long stretches at a time I missed a lot. The flickering pictures and stop motion filming branded my brain. I stopped watching mid way through and won't be back for a second try. I suppose if I were home alone in my own lighthouse some dark and stormy evening this might be just the ticket... PS Not sure if the lighthouse/ film style thing can be considered a spoiler but I don't want to be blacklisted on my first review ;)
critique8631 It opens - and for half an hour runs - like an educational programme on the Old Testament although not without humour. The movie finally begins to grow wings when the biblical cant gets dropped. In a scene of mixed success Martin Donovan (Jesus) decides to renege on kicking off the Apocalypse and the final quarter of an hour is a sort of humanist 'what's all the fuss about?' play-out gilded with optimistic conjecture against a (retrospectively miserably ironic) long shot of the WTC twin towers.<br /><br />Apart from Donovan's authority the acting is split. There's the thespian melodrama of the rest of the cast: this though formally contrived for biblical presentation is appropriate for the modern paranoid comedy that Hartley's aiming at. But I was also pleasantly surprised at the contribution of PJ Harvey (credited thus and in danger of existing within the film solely as the pop star entity she is not least in a set piece scene in a record store and a perilously patchy soundtrack to which contributes). She remained cool - a sort of disingenuous lack of focus - in the manner of many pop icons who have taken to film (I'm thinking the Jagger of Performance here) but nonetheless maintained a convincing integration with both cast and project.<br /><br />Ultimately affirmative but this bittersweet essay is a bit too much like one and relies more on the perseverance than the imagination of its audience. 4/10
critique8632 This is perhaps the worst attempt at a Zombie film I have ever had the misfortune to see. Terrible terrible terrible. Any review found on this site is obviously the work of either the filmmaker the filmmakers family or a friend of the filmmaker. How does this film suck? Let us count the ways...<br /><br />The plot? Incoherent. Dialogue? Atrocious. I will not slam the effects/gore as I understand that this is low budget. But was there even one zombie that was not obese? C'mon! And for a film set in Rhode Island why did that truck sport a Massachusetts plate? Continuity find some.<br /><br />The Girl dancing while the soldier "Stands at attention". Please don't put your ex-girlfriend or buddy's sister in your movie naked. This was an ugly movie filled with ugly people and has no business even mentioning Romero on the cover. Next time you decide to make a movie don't.
critique8633 I love oddball animation I love a lot of Asian films but I didn't love this particular product of Japan. The Fuccons are supposedly an American family (they're all mannequins) who have moved to Japan and they're somewhat a 50's sitcom type family with slightly more modern sensibilities at times. The DVD features several very short episodes (like less than 5 minutes each?) and I did not find it to be either funny or entertaining not even in a weird way. I'm not sure what the appeal is of this. I did pick up on some satire here and there gosh who wouldn't but satire is usually somewhat humorous isn't it? And nothing I saw or heard rated even a little smirk. I picked this up used and it certainly SOUNDED appealing but I guess either I'm missing the point or it's just plain LAME. The box even says it's Fuccon hilarious right there on the front but I beg to differ. 2 out of 10.
critique8634 Oh man how low serials had fallen as by 1952! This dull thing is precisely the kind of serial that annoyed Annie Wilkes (from Misery). Not only the heroes escape the traps by adding scenes that weren't there in the previous chapter (and that COULDN'T possibly be there - tell me that when the baddies blow up the plain in episode 7 to 8 they wouldn't see the characters jump) but I think this serial has the World's Record of Stock Footage. I mean most of it is stock footage! And not just from another serials (apparently all the flying sequences come from King of the Rocket Men and the cool "molten rocks" scenes of episode 2 to 3 is from Adventures of Captain Marvel) but from itself! The whole "trip to the Moon" sequence (which is probably the shortest ever it's 30 seconds long and the characters never seem to leave Earth's atmosphere) from episode 1 is repeated in episode 8! And episode 10 is ALL scenes from previous episodes! (Ever wondered why MST3K never did episodes 10 11 and 12? Well they had to stop after 9 so they didn't have to do the whole thing again!).<br /><br />Don't get me started on the science factor. Prepare to see the sunniest Moon ever! And Moon men that can not breathe on their own world? What were they smoking? <br /><br />And if this is not enough it's too talky and the stunts (usually the best thing in serials) are few and far. Visually-wise am I the only one who thinks that Commando Cody's bullet-shaped (or is it lemon-shaped) helmet is totally ridiculous-looking? The Rocketeer's was way cooler no matter how bad that movie was (and man was it awful). The tank-like vehicle isn't much better it looks like a bunch of kids made it for Halloween. The only positive thing I can think of about it is that the actor who plays the hero is homely instead of the usual muscular hunk (hey everybody has the right to be an hero!) but then he's so unappealing...<br /><br />Not even worth watching for nostalgia's sake. See Captain Marvel instead. 2/10.<br /><br />(BTW check out the Memorable Quotes section for a real Women's Lib pearl).
critique8635 That is the only thing I can positive to say about this movie. Cleveland is the star I've been there and never saw the city look this good. Beautiful river and cityscapes.<br /><br />This movie moves ahead at such a pace they hope you won't notice the lack of real world relevance. People running around and shooting guns without any consequence. For example there is a shoot out at Rob Lowe's character's house- two cars are stolen and yet the cops don't show up there till much later in the movie. Murder for hire never looked so implausible.<br /><br />Whoever wrote this movie should be on the receiving end of one the movies countless stray bullets. Many of the actors in this movie are so much better than this. I check the date of the movie just to make sure it wasn't written during the writers strike but alas this was not the case. This movie is currently in rotation on Universal's HD channel- unless you want to drool of over Lowe there is no reason to watch it.
critique8636 For such a great classic tale the setting (location) Grendel was disappointing. As a writer I blame the script which completely lacked dramatic tension. The rubric of the club story is useful and would have provided a new take on the literary classic. For some weird reason that rubric was dropped early on. To know this was shot in 21 days says to me "rushed" and it unfortunately shows. Now we'll have to wait for the Hollywood version on the big screen. I word on FX I can tolerate really crappy CGI but the script has to rock and this one was just too slow spartan and lacking in drama. I'd blame it on the actors but... since I know writing more than acting I'll pick on my colleague.
critique8637 Eddie Murphy's "Delirious" is completely and totally rude crude crass and lude. This is indeed the only way to describe this appalling trashy piece of stand-up. Eddie Murphy goes for shock value rather than laughs to try and win his following over. He does manage to be funny occasionally but mostly loses the plot with obscene language and distasteful sex jokes.<br /><br />Forget it! Unless you happen to enjoy Eddie's foul style. I don't think I will bother with "Eddie Murphy Raw". I much prefer Eddie in the confines of a movie script.<br /><br />Saturday January 17 1998 - Video
critique8638 I almost made a fool of myself when I was going to start this review by saying " This movie reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT " but then I looked up the resume of screenwriter Lee Hall only to find out that he was the guy who wrote BILLY ELLIOT so it's Mr Hall who's making a fool of himself not me <br /><br />Am I being a bit cruel on him ? No because Lee has something most other aspiring screenwriters from Britain don't have - He has his foot in the door  he has previously written a successful British movie that won awards and made money at the box office and what does he do next ? He gives the audience more of the same <br /><br />Young Jimmy Spud lives on some kitchen sink estate . He is bullied at school and no one loves him . The only thing keeping him going is that he has aspirations to be a ballet dancer . No actually he has aspirations to be an angel but considering his household he may as well be a ballet dancer . He has a macho waster of a father who thinks " Ballet dancers are a bunch of poofs while his granddad says " Ballet dancers are as tough as any man you could meet . I remember seeing the Bolshoi ballet ... " Yup Ballet is a main talking point on a run down British council estate those days - NOT . Come to think of it neither is left wing politics which seems to be the sole preserve of middle class do gooders who live in nice big houses  so right away everything about this set up feels ridiculously false <br /><br />Another major criticism is that this is a film that has no clue who it's trying to appeal to . I have often criticised Channel 4 for broadcasting movies at totally inappropriate times ( THE LAND THAT TIME FORGOT at 6 am for example ) but they showed this at 2 am and for once they've got it spot on . Considering the story involves politics  ballet dancing ( Gawd I hate it ) lung cancer and poverty there's no way this can be deemed suitable for a family audience but since the main protagonist is an 11 year old child and features angels and ballet dancers ( Don't blame me if I seem obsessed with the subject - there was no need to refer to them ) there's not much here for an intelligent adult audience either . <br /><br />Of course if Lee Hall had been told at the script development stage by the producers that he should write a story featuring a schoolboy and an angel and had flatly refused saying that he wanted to write about other themes and stories then I will apologise but throughout the movie you do get the feeling that once the film was completed it was going to be marketed to the exact same audience who enjoyed BILLY ELLIOT
critique8639 0.5/10. This movie has absolutely nothing good about it. The acting is among the worst I have ever seen what is really amazing is that EVERYONE is awful not just a few here and there everyone. The direction is a joke the low budget is hopelessly evident the score is awful I wouldn't say the movie was edited brutally chopped would be a more appropriate phrase. It combines serial killings voodoo and tarot cards. Dumb. Dumb. Dumb. It is not scary at all the special effects are hopelessly lame. laughably bad throughout. The writing was appallingly bad. The cinematography is real cheap looking and very grainy sometimes and the camera-work is dreadful. Again what really does the movie in is how badly all the actors are. Cheesy.
critique8640 The only thing that surprises me more than the number of people who liked this movie is that it was directed by Clint Eastwood whose work I admire immensely. The leads had absolutely no chemistry. Not for a second could I believe that there was anything deeper than lust between them. The story just didn't ring true. Add to that stilted conversation tons of stereotypes and an incredibly slow plot that basically leads nowhere and you've got yourself a real stinker. Kay Lenz's nude scenes might be worthwhile for those seeking some salacious fare but otherwise this is a colossal waste of time. My thoughts as I watched the movie was that itwould have been better titled "Cheesy."
critique8641 I saw this in the summer of 1990. I'm still annoyed by how bad this movie is in 2001.<br /><br />Implausible plot. You'd have to be a child to think this could happen.<br /><br />I'm just really annoyed by it. Don't see this.
critique8642 There are rumours that a fourth Underworld is going to happen. If so than the third part which is also a prequel would be in the middle of the franchise. With prequels that succeed the original movies you always ask yourself in what order should you watch the movies so that it makes sense ...<br /><br />In this case I guess it doesn't matter that much. The third Underworld movie isn't up to par with the other two. They had their obvious flaws too but this one lacks a few things and it feels like a cash in. It seems like it's not going full throttle which is a shame because the actors sure could've used better material to work with.<br /><br />The story is OK but it's nothing special. A nice movie but Rhona Mitra couldn't fill the shoes of Beckinsale (yes she plays another character I mean the void that Kate B. left) ...
critique8643 Given that Roger Corman attached his name to this production I had high hopes for this film. Corman directed many memorable low budget horror flicks in the 1960's. I particularly enjoyed his adaptations of Poe's stories such as `The House Of Usher' and `The Pit And Pendulum' and `The Raven' which starred the late great Vincent Price. These films had solid acting atmosphere suspense strong characterization intriguing plot development and delivered some chilling moments. Sadly `House Of The Damned' for the most part sacrifices these qualities in lieu of cheesy low budget special effects gratuitous nudity and mindless gore topped with cliche fast edits and camera angles.<br /><br />`House Of The Damned' starts off interestingly with some beautiful location shots in Ireland but it's straight downhill from here. Unfortunately instead of spending some time building atmosphere creating characters we might care about or building suspense - the director opts to begin running up the body count. After a brief introduction to the lead characters a young couple and their daughter the audience spends the balance of the film being bounced from one `spooky' event to another which in this film substitutes for coherent plot development. The lead characters are so ill conceived and are so badly acted - the audience doesn't care what happens to them. To make matters worse the `spooky' events are either utterly clichÃƒÂ© or unconvincing due to low tech - low budget special effects. The soundtrack has been lifted from `The Omen.' The plot what little there is borrows heavily from `Poltergeist' and `The Legend Of Hell House' but lacks any of the qualities which made these films convincing.<br /><br />If you interested in seeing well done haunted house flicks I recommend you check out classics like `The Haunting (1963)' `The Innocents (1961) or look into Corman's early American International films and pass on `House Of The Damned' unless you're masochistic or mindless.<br /><br />3 Ã‚Â½ out of 10.<br /><br />Rob Rheubottom<br /><br />Wpg MB. Canada
critique8644 I just watched this movie last night. Within 30 minutes of the start I was hoping it would end.<br /><br />It had a promising beginning; the first 10 minutes. The premise of this movie (friendship that goes nowhere after they've spent days (and Years) together in "Separate" beds in hotel rooms) is just not believable. He does kiss her somewhere along the way and she feels Ohh so terrible about it. <br /><br />Very little substance to grab your interest. The acting just does not hold up. He is very passive. Regardless of how much of the movie is shown the viewer never develops any type of a caring connection with the characters on the screen. You learn that her next utterance will be as boring as her previous one. ("Do you have a cigarette ?" He doesn't smoke He wants her to stop smoking Doesn't she know this by now.)<br /><br />She calls him in the middle of the night to visit him after a year's absence she comes in through the door they don't even hug or kiss or express any type of emotional connection. He doesn't even lean forward to lift her suitcase to help her in. That is not how real people behave This is not how best pals behave.<br /><br />When he receives her phone call in the middle of the night (she is in town for one day) he shows little interest to see her face acts more like she will be a burden for the night. At this point they've known each other for two years and he hasn't seen her for a year. Not Believable not real. <br /><br />Supposedly he has written a book on Entropy and Enthalpy yet we never see him write or read or discuss any of his interests in Physics with her not that she would be able to handle the discussion. We learn that a watermelon in L.A. costs $50 (It wasn't the Silicon Type mind you) he has no problem affording that Fruit. We also learn that the airport shuts down when a few really really fake snow flakes fall off the sky. I'm Sorry but was that in L.A. too?<br /><br />We never see how these two characters survive we never see them at work. We never see them struggle They are always on vacation. They have infinite time they have no worries whatsoever. <br /><br />Nice life. Unreal life. Unreal Characters. Bad Title. Bad Movie.
critique8645 This movie really starts strong. We know that Roberts is an Atlanta hotshot sent to Australia to fix Coke's marketing problems. We also know he is an eccentric genius. Roberts' fine acting convinces us of this rather quickly.<br /><br />Unfortunately the plot is so flimsy that whatever fine character development has been achieved it is negated by voids inconsistencies and downright boring film sequences.<br /><br />Usually I am a sucker for bold and far out plots. Examples which I am fond of include "Dark Star" "O.C. & Stiggs" and "Popeye." Coupled with the fact that I must admit that this film was well acted it surprises even myself that I cannot recommend this film.<br /><br />The utter breakdown in this movie occurs about midway through the film. All comedy is instantly lost and the film turns dark. Afterwards the film plods along. The film's attempt to get the comedy rolling again is not successful. More surprises await the viewer and they are darker still.<br /><br />To be sure mixing drama with comedy can be a formula for success. However with this movie the result is about as successful as "new coke."
critique8646 Miranda Cosgrove is known for her debut in "School of Rock" with Jack Black and her role as Megan in the show "Drake and Josh" and she has become a fan favorite amongst the Nickelodeon public so it isn't a surprise that Dan Schneider would create a show just for her. Unfortunately it ends up being as bad as if not worse than "The Amanda Show".<br /><br />"iCarly" is about three friends Carly Sam and Freddie who have become idols in the junior high community through a webcam show called "iCarly". Carly and Sam are the hosts and Freddie shoots and puts it up on the internet. Carly also has an older brother named Spencer acted by the hilarious Jerry Trainor who is known for his work in "Drake and Josh" as Crazy Steve.<br /><br />Well let me tell you this. Don't believe the 8.3 out of 10 this show received because it is pathetic in nearly every aspect. Dan Schneider probably went through about 5 minutes of studying teenage interests because all I see is him saying "iPod? iPhone? iHome? Aha! Teenagers love anything beginning with 'i'!" and a majority of gigs that were used in "Drake and Josh" if not then they are just really dry and forced jokes that don't even count on a generousity chuckle such as "You want me to turn up the AC to 60 degrees?" "No. We want you to turn it up to 60 pickles!" Not only that but if you look closely nearly all the sets in the shows were used in "Drake and Josh" and "Ned's Declassified" that were simply spit-and-polished with random stuff to try and make it look different.<br /><br />The scenes where the show is showing a broadcast of the iCarly network is just as terrible as the entire series itself. The dialogue in them is atrociously bad which may be accepted by some since it IS just two friends playing around in front of a camera but what's the deal with the really odd humorless antics they do like "Random Dancing!"? And it just gets worse from there.<br /><br />In terms of acting Miranda and Jennette aren't at their best by far. Nathan Kress who played Freddie isn't believable at times but he does an okay job. The person who really steals the show is the humorous prowess of Jerry Trainor who fits in his "protective older brother" role very well and his wide-eyed loud-mouthed acting can make for some pretty funny segments. Too bad they aren't frequent because that might have given the show an extra star in my opinion.<br /><br />Dan Schneider must have made this show for the sole purpose of giving Miranda Cosgrove her own cable-born playground to hop around and spew unfunny jokes and pathetic cue-card lines in every direction because everyone else has exceptional talent buried underneath the poorly-done script and weightless acting. Dan Schneider did a great job with "Drake and Josh" so it's a real disappointment that "iCarly" is such a failure. Jerry Trainor's acting saved this show from a 1 out of 10 rating but he alone can't save "iCarly" from being as horrible as it is.
critique8647 I have recently found this film on one of my husband's VHS tapes (the blank variety which he uses to record stuff from the telly). The film looks as if it was last shown in the eighties and I don't remember having seen it since. It has not (to my knowledge) been released on DVD or VHS although I shall browse around for a copy.<br /><br />The film tells the story of three young people: two girls one on the edge of puberty and the other much younger and a young boy who go to live with their mother's brother and his young mute Irish wife. His wife also has two brothers who live with them. The children's uncle is an unpleasant control freak who forces his young wife to wear a silver collar whilst she watches a marionette show put on by him and her brothers in his toyshop.<br /><br />The eldest girl and one of the Irishmen (the younger) develop a love for each other whilst they live in the same house. The girl helps her aunt out in the shop whilst her brother helps his uncle to make things in the workshop.<br /><br />There are a lot of very disturbing elements to the film. There is the uncle's treatment of his wife as some kind of dumb (literally) possession (illustrated by the collar) whilst the Irish indulge dancing drinking and somewhat forbidden love. Interestingly though I have seen far more explicit themes played out in other movies made in Hollywood today.<br /><br />Makes you wonder whether the British film industry and the BBC have some kind of hidden agenda going on.<br /><br />Still despite it not being a children's movie there are a lot of playful magic moments in it and the one Irishman does some beautiful paintings.
critique8648 As the metaphoric flies fled this steaming watery stool of a film i found myself longing to join them.<br /><br />From the opening sentences you quickly gather that the actors are talentless. The script editor was probably dead and the director should be. To be honest I didn't manage to finish this film because about twenty dismal minutes in the sight of the main actress scuttling across the floor like a Shetland pony that has been shot in the ass was too much for me to stomach.<br /><br />I have never and I mean never seen a film as sweaty as this one and I watch tons of crap films.<br /><br />Turd.
critique8649 Bestselling writer George Plimpton(Alan Alda)takes on an assignment for Sports Illustrated. He is to go incognito to the Detroit Lions training camp and try out for a position as third string Quarterback. He is quickly found out by the team members featuring Alex Karras and Mike Lucci. The entire team finds it amusing to cause stumbling blocks in the writer's determination to Quarterback for a series in a real game.<br /><br />This movie is Alda's debut and also helped Karras leave the gridiron for acting. Besides the 1968 Detroit Lions the cast also includes "Sugar Ray" Robinson Roy Schieder and Lauren Hutton.<br /><br />Alex March directs this story based on Plimton's book.
critique8650 This movie is one of those I regret having invested 90 minutes of my life that I'll never get back in. The premise is really interesting - essentially it's a zombie flick from the perspective of the undead (let's not split hairs as to whether they're actually dead or not}. Unfortunately they fail to deliver a compelling story within this framework. The nearly unbearable monotony of the lives of the central characters may add to the realism of the film but it sucks all the entertainment value right out of it. If they had put a little more effort toward keeping the viewer engaged it would have been much more likely that they drive home the social commentary.
critique8651 Wow! I truly regret watching this picture... Funny I agreed to see it just for my wife who endured the torture of seeing it about a half an hour before retiring while I stayed in front of the TV but only to feed the the masochistic in me and I because I wanted to know if this movie was so bad in its entirety or if there were some redeemable aspects which might alleviate the feeling I had of being a stupid for watching this **** called Two Girls and a guy...<br /><br />Everything in this picture is wrong totally wrong... since the initial absurd premise of two women stupid enough to stay with their common boyfriend until the awful but merciful end not forgetting the horrible acting of the three actors... Don't believe the rumors the junkie's acting is bad and I don't see how Graham has made herself a known name within the movie industry...<br /><br />I wonder why after the producers saved some bucks with just three actors and an only location they didn't hire a person to write the script instead of putting a monkey to do it with his ***...<br /><br />At least I felt a little fine when I destroyed the DVD and threw it to the trash... Anyway I liked somehow (and just a little) the brunette actress Natasha something but that was not enough to beat the incredibly stupid and crazy premise of Face-off (changing faces) so Two Girls and a Guy to the bottom goes... <br /><br />Stay away from this ****!
critique8652 After just finishing the book the same day I watched the movie I knew what was supposed to happen. I had high expectations of the movie because of the rating. The only reason I give this movie a 2 out of 10 stars is that it was alright trying to be a movie. I have a couple main points for not liking this movie.<br /><br />********** SPOILERS **********<br /><br />1. The casting. Jack Nicholson barely fits into Jack Torrence's character. Also I would have NEVER picked Shelly Duvall for Wendy. I pictured Wendy much differently. I can see why they picked Jack Nicholson though the grin the pointy eyebrows but he's not supposed to really look 'evil'. He's supposed to look normal and he turns evil. Also they make one of the worst movie couples. Danny was alright he needed more life though. He acted way to droney.<br /><br />2. The screenplay. They cut out so many things that were in the book and added things. Some of the things that were in the book that I was looking forward to in the movie were either deleted changed or handled wrongly. Some of the things that were in the book that I was looking forward to seeing (the hedge animals the roque mallet the elevator) were not in the movie and it was 2 and half hours!! I was extremely irritated.<br /><br />3. The Ending. The ending was changed completly Halorann died Jack froze to death Wendy never got hurt...The Overlook didn't blow up. The Ending was so cool in the book and the movie messed it up so horribly I was apalled. Hallorann was never supposed to die but Jack killed him with an ax. If they wanted to kill him at least have Jack use a roque mallet. You never even saw a roque mallet during the whole movie.<br /><br />There are other things that I didn't like about the movie but there are things that were all right. The camera angels were cool the blood coming out of the elevator (didn't happen in the book) was cool but maybe I was too irritated that the movie didn't go with the book to try to be scared at all. I reccomend reading the book before you see this movie. I applaud Stephen King for actually agreeing to sign a contract to not dis Stanley Kubrik any more. I would never have done that I would have taken all the rights I could get to yell at him all day. I can't wait to see the 6 hour version at least it has the hedge animals.<br /><br />Rating: 2/10
critique8653 This movie barely followed the story line of the movie. All of the fascinating points in the book didn't even exist in the movie. They ended up turning it into a cheesy "tween" Disney movie "crush" story between Meg and Calvin. It was so bad it should have been Hillary Duff playing the part or one of the likes. This movie was nothing more than an insult to the intelligence and mysticism of the book. I can't believe Disney could even get away with making such a cheap basic rendition. If you've ever read the book I think you would agree it could easily be made into a movie of "Lord of the Rings" equivalence. This movie should have never been able to use the title of A Wrinkle in Time. Poorly done.
critique8654 They made me watch this in school and it was terrible. The movie is outdated. The episodes become confusing because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was a painfully boring experience.I have read that very few people who appear in this are actors but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.This accounts for cheesy acting very often. Also very often the story becomes mildly outrageous and far-fetched. I don't like the way some of the lines were written and wish they had more meaning to them. Though it was written to be educational funny suspenseful and hip It ended up being boring dry far-fetched and old. I hope no one takes time to watch this movie because you would be just fine not seeing it.
critique8655 All logic goes straight out of the train window in this British horror film set in the London underground and starring the usually reliable Franka Potente (Run Lola Run) Franka plays Kate a businesswoman on the way from an office party to meet friends who falls asleep at an underground station only to wake up and find she has been locked in and finds herself being chased by "someone" or "something" with killer intentions.<br /><br />Plot holes and unbelievability are rife and there are very few moments that are actually jumpy/ scary but plenty that are just plain dull.<br /><br />All in all an unpleasant film that should just stay locked underground forever and do us all a favour.<br /><br />The only plus point here is the inclusion in the cast of popular veteran actor Ken Campbell who's done better than this Ã‚Â– that's even including "Erasmus Microman"!.
critique8656 This is the worst film I have ever seen.I was watching this film with some friends and after 40 minutes we had enough. The plot was bad and there wasn't a single likeable character.I could get more entertainment watching static. I gave this movie a 1 only because the scale didn't go into negative numbers. Avoid this movie at all costs.
critique8657 And I repeat please do not see this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets the record for the worst most effortless comedy ever made. At least with most of the recent comedies nowadays the gags are crude and flat but the writers and directors put in at least some sort of effort into making them funny. I never get tired of repeating one of my favorite mottos: Everyone thinks they can do comedy and only 10 percent of them are right. Comedy is hard! This is not some genre any fool can play around with. I think it's atrocious that the filmmakers are comparing this piece of garbage to "Kentucky Fried Movie." Basically these bozos are comparing their so-called comic talents to those of the brilliant Jim Abrahams and the Zucker Brothers. Come on I've seen Pauly Shore movies that are 10 times funnier than "The Underground Comedy Movie." Here's a sample of the comedy for those curious about seeing this movie: One sketch involves a superhero dressed like a penis named D**kman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by squirting them with semen. That's it. That's the whole joke. Wow. This is enough to make Carrot Top roll his eyes. Another sketch involves a man having sex with a dead person in a porn movie. And in another sketch there's a bag lady beauty contest in which we're exposed to the horrible sights of bikini-clad middle-aged women with beer guts and stretch marks. Plus making fun of the homeless is more sad than funny. It's a step away from mocking the mentally handicapped. The whole movie is supposed to be a satire. I think the filmmakers forgot that a key element of satire...is TRUTH!!! For anybody who actually enjoyed this crap explain to me what is truthful about ANY of these gags! Some of the sketches might've sounded funny on paper but anybody who's taken any screen writing classes knows that if a sight gag sounds too funny on paper it probably won't be funny on screen. If I tell someone about a big black muscular gay virgin who's saving himself for the right man he or she would probably laugh. But watching the premise played out on screen for about 10 minutes is a complete drag. I hate how whenever people criticize a low-brow comedy like this for not being funny they're regarded as stuck-up squares. I just saw "White Chicks" recently. That's another low-brow politically incorrect comedy but I laughed my head off. The most offensive thing about "The Underground Comedy Movie" is it's not funny! What the writers and directors don't understand is that merely being filthy and tasteless doesn't work. There has to be more! Just think of the famous scene from "There's Something About Mary" (ironically enough the bozo filmmakers put the Farrellys on their special thanks list). The joke about the semen wasn't just funny because it involved bodily fluids. There was a buildup. Ben Stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he didn't go out on a date with a "loaded gun." Then he looked around to see where all the semen went after it was released. A knock is on the door and he has to answer it. His date Mary is at the door and that's when it's revealed that the semen is hanging off Ben's ear. In this movie there are multiple gags involving characters squirting loads of semen at people with no buildup whatsoever. As Jay Leno always says "This comedy thing's not so easy is it?" Keep that in mind Vince Offer 'cause you weren't cut out for this genre!! The only reason people might laugh at these gags is because they want to feel hip. Let's face it nowadays it's hip to laugh at anything politically incorrect. I know comedy is subjective...but this movie shouldn't be funny to anybody except maybe the filmmakers themselves. As a side note the movie had to have been made before Michael Clarke Duncan's fame in movies like "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile." There can't be any other reason why an actor of his caliber would volunteer to be part of this amateurish freak show. All the others in the cast are either non-actors has-been actors or B-movie stars. Karen Black made a good impression in "Five Easy Pieces" but I don't think she's done anything of value ever since. Slash was probably drugged into being in this film. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baywatch." Angelyne is the film's biggest star (keeping in mind Duncan wasn't famous at the time) and there are still probably a ton of people who haven't heard of her--for good reason. Usually I'm in support of extremely low-budget flicks but this one deserves to drift into obscurity. I hope to Lord this doesn't become a cult classic! Shouldn't there be a law against distributing crap like this?
critique8658 Some films are so bad that they're good. This is clearly not one of them. Based on a true story this film was about as true to the story as Pinocchio's chances of becoming a real boy. The acting was terrible the direction was poor and it travelled way too fast. It was as if the director just wanted to get it over and done with and go home.<br /><br />Nor did Melissa Joan Hart ever strike me as a talented actress but then every film she made was pretty low-budget anyway. Like most of her other films she lets down her characters by hamming them up too much talking too quickly as if speeding up her words is going to make her more dramatic. She really brings out the sense that there is a crew in front of her and she's talking to a camera when she should be engaging the viewer in her character. It pretty much lets down the whole film and any leg that it may have had left to stand on is ruined.<br /><br />Probably the only good thing about the film is when she got nailed in the end. But even that wasn't satisfying enough to subdue my loathing for such a bad film.<br /><br />Watch it if your taste in film is blander than a piece of dry toast.
critique8659 That's right you heard me. I am a huge fan of James Patterson. I own 10 of his books and I have read the entire series about Lindsey Boxer. In my opinion the screenwriter should be shot. <br /><br />What right did any film maker have to slaughter a terrific work of fiction and make it into a mockery of the mystery genre? If I ever thought that Harry Potter was butchered then Michael O'Hara has proved me wrong. <br /><br />I can only pray that the next screenwriter who tackles this fabulous book will do it a great deal more justice. To Michael O'Hara and Russell Mulcahy: don't quit your day job.
critique8660 I just saw "IfÃ‚Â…" I can remember the advertisements for the movie from 1968 so I was interested in finally seeing it. It may be the perspective of an American who never went to a British public school and misses some of the social references but I thought the movie was awful. For one thing as others have pointed out it takes almost the entire movie for the much ballyhooed-at-the-time revolt to break out. For another whether the last scene is real or imagined what occurs isn't a revolt but a shooting rampage. There's quite a difference.<br /><br />I know it may be bad form to judge a movie on subsequent events but one cannot avoid doing it here. One person wrote a message board posting asking us not to compare the end of movie to the incidents at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there's a scintilla of difference between Klebold Harris and Cho on the one hand and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other I simply can't see it. All four of them were under the delusion that their gunfire is going to purify a f___-ed up world that they arrogantly take no responsibility for.<br /><br />Which brings me to: why the hell are Travis and his chums even in a school they so despise? They are adults or close to it. They're not in a military prison like the inmates in "The Hill" a much better British film from about the same time. No one is forcing them to go to College and take beatings from the the whips except maybe ambitious parents in need of a wake-up about the nature of their sons. I had the opportunity in college to join a frat except I couldn't stand to be given silly cruel orders by delinquents claiming to be my prospective "brothers." I took the consequences of not having the "in" with the Establishment that frats provide and I can't say I regretted it.<br /><br />If Travis fancies himself the second coming of Lenin (whose unbearded picture hangs prominently in his room) he's free to go out and organize a fitter's union or work for Michael Foot in the next election. If he wants to be Jack Kerouac then get on the road and start writing. What possible benefit is he giving the world in joyriding a motorcycle and getting drunk in his room?<br /><br />Sometimes reviewers have to be like the person who responded to the scene in "Last Tango In Paris" where Brando mopes about having had to go on a date with cow manure on his shoes. In the real world the person said a listener would say "Why didn't you scrape it off? Change your shoes?" --Don't allow fictional characters to lay a self-pity trip on you because you don't dare point out an common-sense alternative course of action for them. So it is here.
critique8661 The buzz for this film has always been about the fabulous graphics that make Kevin Bacon disappear. Sadly they stopped there. They should have continued to make the script disappear then the silly set and finally every visible element of this film. Because there's nothing else there to show.<br /><br />Gary Thompson and Andrew Marlowe are listed as the writing credits for this film. I don't really think they exist. I think they bought this script at "Scripts-R-Us" where you buy a standard blank "Monster Movie" script and just fill in the blanks. There's a monster stalking us. Let's split up. (They actually "let's split up" in this movie). Hit Alien/Giant-bug/Monster/Invisible-man with crowbar. Not dead yet. Burn Huge-rabbit/Shark/Invisible-man in unsurvivable fire. Not dead yet. You know the standard stuff. Even the minimum number of elements that were specific to an invisible man movie (IR glasses spraying with something like paint) were handled badly. <br /><br />What is sad is that there were lots of possibilities for this to be a fascinating movie. They psychological issues for the subject the deterioration of the mind due to the process treating an invisible subject and many other ideas were touched on for usually less than 2 seconds and would have been far more interesting. Had there been any desire to save Kevin Bacon in the end it would have been a much better movie. All in all it stunk.<br /><br />I would mention some of the incredibly stupid elements of the ending of the movie but I don't want to do any spoilers. Suffice it to say that these characters are so stupid they don't think about pulling the plug on a machine rather than...
critique8662 I can't believe that people thought this stinking heap of trash was funny. Shifting the attempts at humor among cruelty disgust and stupidity 'There's Something About Mary' leaves little reason to stay until the end. Sure Cameron Diaz is very pretty but that is never going to be enough to save a movie. Ben Stiller tries hard to work within the plot and is obviously very talented but the movie is a loser.<br /><br />Not once were any of the scenes believable. The shots were badly timed and poorly framed. The Farreley brothers should be kept away from making films at all costs. I check IMDB to see what they are working on just so I know what to avoid.<br /><br />2/10; the bonus is from the one time I smiled. It's not like I'm immune to humor or alone in my opinion. My wife hated it too. The next day we saw 'Rush Hour' and laughed ourselves silly. This movie just stunk.
critique8663 My Caddy Limo was destroyed!!! Well I had one just like it - Drove the hoi polloi and many of the Chosen Ones around Manhattan for a few years. <br /><br />That was a whole lot more entertaining than this movie I can tell you. Lordy what a bomb - as in RPG go boom. I also drove a lot more stars in my white Caddy than appeared in this dud of a flick. <br /><br />Robert Patrick is a very serious actor and did a credible job with the nonsense he had to work with. Unfortunately Rutger Hauer played his part like a red-nosed circus clown. If he couldn't take it serious why should his audience? The director should have kicked his butt off the set in the first hour of filming.<br /><br />The dialog was written by 10 yr old's for 8 yrs old's. Surprised there wasn't a whole lot more cracking up on the sets. Oh well I am a movie fanatic - ergo - you must take the bad to get to the good.
critique8664 I picked up this movie with the intention of getting a bad zombie movie. But I had no Idea what I was getting myself into.<br /><br />I started the movie and soon I had been pulled into a world of pain and visual torture.<br /><br />I finally know what hell is like. It's this movie. For eternity. This movie has no value. It didn't even really have a plot. There was stuff going on in each scene but no overall explanation why anything happens.<br /><br />Instead of watching this movie I suggest that you line the nearest blender with oil and try and stuff as many bullets in it as you can. You will find that the outcome to be far more pleasant than this movie.<br /><br />Don't even watch it. Not even to see how bad it is. I beg you. If you watch it then it means they win.
critique8665 As is often the case films about self-loathing characters do not usually make for good drama. 'Downloading Nancy' is no exception. It's supposedly based on a true story about a woman who's murdered at her own request by someone she meets over the internet.<br /><br />The protagonist is Nancy (Maria Bello) who is married to Albert (Rufus Sewell). Albert is a successful software developer who has developed a golf game which his company has successfully marketed to various bars and bar/restaurants. Unlike most human beings Albert has virtually no positive attributes (except for his ability to be successful in the business world). Throughout the film Albert has a grim and dour expression on his face. He has no sympathy for his wife with all her emotional problems and resorts to patronizing prostitutes. When his wife asks for sex he punishes her by masturbating in her presence instead.<br /><br />Nancy is equally one-note as a character. Not only has she had a loveless 15 year marriage but was sexually abused by her uncle when she was growing up (thankfully there are no flashbacks of that back story in the film). Her self-loathing takes the form of self-mutilation and a result she's forced into therapy. However she has such contempt for her therapist that no progress can be made.<br /><br />Finally Nancy is so depressed that she contacts Louis over the internet. He's sort of a sadomasochistic gigolo who has sex with women for money while inflicting massive amounts of pain to boot. It's revealed that Louis has two children but no longer sees them (the children's mother no longer wants anything to do with him).<br /><br />Nancy's plan is to first have painful sex with Louis and then have him kill her. There's a particularly unpleasant scene where Louis has sex with Nancy while slashing her vaginal area with a broken piece of glass. These scenes are shown as flashbacks after Louis pays a visit to Albert who ties him up and strikes him with a golf club. It seems that Louis has a two-fold plan in going to see Albert: 1) berate him for his treatment of Nancy and 2) enjoy the beating he receives. It takes awhile before Louis will reveal Nancy's fateÃ‚Â—first he forces Albert to do him the favor of taking his dog to a relative so someone will care for it in the future. Nancy's fate of course is that Louis finally ended up choking her to death (but showed some hesitation first as he made it clear that he had some 'feelings' for her). We soon learn that Louis is imprisoned for life for Nancy's murder.<br /><br />What exactly are we to take away from a film such as Downloading Nancy? Are we supposed to feel sorry for victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence? Is that the main point of the film? Is sympathy for Nancy actually warranted? I don't think so. The film's writers create a straw man in the character of AlbertÃ‚Â—someone who is so cut off from his emotions that he is the one that is held responsible for Nancy's decline. But are people so one-dimensional in real life? I think not. They have the repulsive Louis a man who makes a living by inflicting pain come over and berate Albert for neglecting Nancy. Furthermore his expressions of love towards Nancy (before he kills her) is supposed to show his 'sensitive side'.<br /><br />In the end it matters little whether the filmmakers have defined where their sympathies lie with the various characters in the film. They are so bent on titillating their audience with scenes of gratuitous violence that Downloading Nancy becomes nothing more than an exercise in poor taste and soft pornography.
critique8666 I had some time to kill before watching football so I saw this movie being offered on the scifi channel and it literally after watching it I thought I had encountered my version of mentally walking the Bataan death march as my conscious was beaten into submission by the awful movie which ripped off the Mummy series and Jurassic Park. It was so bad that I thought the opening credits were the highlight of the movie and then it went into such a abysmal descent that it made the recent drop in the stock market seem like a hiccup. The acting was so bad that I was hoping that one and all would be buried at the end. The lead by Casper Van Dien made me long for the high caliber acting of Steven Seagal in "On Deadly Ground" as his line reading was so wooden that Woody Woodpecker was thinking of making a cameo to sit on his shoulder. I also noticed that his emotional range is so limited that I was under the impression my kitten was more expressive when asking for popcorn to eat . The direction was so abysmal I looked back yearning to my nephew's grade 3 play recital which had more pace and better vision and the fact that this movie seems to be have spliced together from afterthoughts of the aforementioned movie franchise it can not even be thought of as a homage. The FX of the movie was so bad that I thought the director and producers were enviormentally friendly by recycling cheap special effects from grade Z horror flicks from yesteryear. What Robert Wagner Tom Bosley and Geoffrey Lewis were doing in this movies is beyond me and they should look at litigation against their agents for misrepresentation for getting them involved with such a dreck of a movie. My warning to one and all is watch this movie at your peril as this movie may cause your IQ to diminish with prolonged viewing. On a side note I noticed at IMDb that sometimes salaries for movies are published I was wondering if their is a way that actors that should give the salaries back for their poor performances in such movies. Beware and be safe avoid at all costs.
critique8667 I woke up and it was a beautiful day; the sun was shining the birds were singing and i fancied getting a movie something new a horror movie perhaps? Like many other reviewers i came across what can only be described as a piece of poopy in a gold wrapper. The front cover is great and the comment on the back is mesmerising - 'it will scare the crop out of you'...oh how i chuckle looking back at such naivety and ignorance.<br /><br />One of the many things scarier than this movie is the acting skills of these 'actors'. I think no i did actually cheer when they got slashed up by these 'scarecrows' who were wearing some classic fancy dress costumes. I used to drive quite quickly past cornfields as i found them to be pretty scary at night but having seen this movie i nearly wet myself (through laughing so much) just at the sight. <br /><br />I have seen scarier omelette's quite honestly not mine though i'm a dab-hand at cooking omelette's and if anyone associates this movie with my omelette's let's just say that i would create a situation in which they would be forced to watch this movie 3 times in a row.<br /><br />If anyone has any good corn (crop not pop) movies they can recommend feel free to inform me. It's a great comedy if nothing else OK it is nothing else. Enjoy but a little advice - before pressing the play button on your DVD player throw it out of the window.
critique8668 Ok I did think that it would be horrible. But when I saw it.. I was proven wrong. Emily Bergl did a superb job as did Jason London. Sue Snell was under-used and under-written. The meanies were ok Dylan Bruno and Rachel Blanchard are definitely the stand-outs. As for the things the teens do and how people claim it's all wrong. Whatever. My friends and I use the term "swank" a lot and I have driven a car and had someone steer as I changed. It's pretty much all there. I've just never been at a after-game party in a house that big with it's very own light show.. The deaths are good. The best involves a pair of glasses a spear gun and a pool.. all in that order. I must say there will be people who hate it.. but I'm not one of them.
critique8669 one of the most awaited movie!i thought himesh will do a bit of acting but Alas all my hope went wrong..given that the heroine is 15 yrs old!!!!omg!!what did they thought before considering the actress..may be its because no boby wants to work with HR(as he is called in the film(human resource as many people wrote in mazagines!)nevertheless it was a disappointment.i hope the producer doesn't make himself bankrupt by making a part 2 of this as this news is roaming around...the story was predictable one with himesh showing his generosity character throughout the movie which i doubt very well.<br /><br />anyways..the movie is good from those people's angle who thinks himesh cant do anything wrong. >>4 out of 10<<
critique8670 This turned out to be more of a women's romance-soap-suspense film than what I hoped it was....simply a tense thriller. Yes the final 20 minutes were suspenseful but much of the previous 75 bordered on being just plain tedious.<br /><br />Ruter Hauer was a little too subdued not playing his normal intense character. Natasha Richardson sports somewhat of a dumb look most of the time and her character was very unappealing.<br /><br />The story is so-so. It's not as bad as I'm making out but it sure isn't anything I'd watch again and the back of the VHS describing this movie was misleading.
critique8671 Terrible direction from an awful script. Even the DVD looked muddy and out of focus. Laughable accents all over the map. Unlike most of the other commenters I had no idea this was about boys in love in the mud but that fact became immediately obvious from the opening scene and all the lovingly drawn-out shots of nude or scantily-clad young men usually wet or glistening with sweat looking longingly at each other.
critique8672 Alas it seems that the golden times of stylish Italian cinema have sunk into oblivion. And the recent brainchild of celebrated filmmaker Lamberto Bava is yet another obvious proof to that assumption.<br /><br />I felt lucky to watch many films from this prolific director (like Body Puzzle Delerium Macabre and both Demons). Albeit not entirely satisfying they have never been that dull.<br /><br />A suspicion that this new entry to my DVD collection was money thrown to the winds arose shortly in the aftermath of the car crash scene exhibiting an awkward and unlikely position of the body under the flip-over car.<br /><br />And the sense of shallowness grew up in the course of the ponderously narrated chain of events that followed.<br /><br />Dumb dialogs suspenseless script and a total waste of talents from the international cast. The only character that provided more or less passable performance was the mischievous Mark's son juicing up the entire boredom.<br /><br />Unfortunately Mario's son job on all accounts could hardly be hailed.<br /><br />I look forward to seeing his Murder House hopefully expected to be an improvement.
critique8673 This film holds 7.0 rating on IMDb so even I sensed something rotten in it's synopsis I decided to try it out. What a waste of 100 minutes. First of all the 80's were not a good decade for crime and thriller genre. Most of these in those days were badly done with silly plot (if they had any) so there are very few that can stand out and even if they were good they are still not very good. The Hit however suffers from everything that made silly crime pictures silly. It has poor character development improbable plot and wasn't written or directed in a decent manner and when you have such shortcomings the acting doesn't help. Stephen Frears often tried to emulate French new wave in English style film making and the two don't match.<br /><br />First of all Terence Stamp is 10 years in hiding because he testified against some of his former partners in crime. He hides in Spain of all places. He is finally caught up with and than first kidnapped by a group of silly looking Spanish thugs just do be driven away some distance to the two hit man that are supposed to deal with him. These two are John Hurt who is supposed to be hard boiled stone cold killer and Tim Roth (in his first role) as the devil's apprentice. They don't kill Stamp right away they first dispose of the "three Amigos" they shouldn't have hired in the first place and then they are driving Stamp to Paris because one of the buddies he testified against wants to confront him. OK that's possible. But even with Stamp being such a dangerous figure that they had to hire four guys to overpower him they don't tie him down don't incapacitate him in any way and drive around with him like he's one of the buddies. Stamp doesn't object and is happily going to Paris to be shot not using any of a half a dozen chances these "professionals" offer for him to escape. Than it appears that Tim Roth is just a school boy bully making the idea of big crime boss teaming him up with a hard core hit man like John Hurt even more improbable especially on an important job like that. But than John Hurt is not so hard core himself he spends twenty minutes of the movie killing or not killing the totally surplus Australian played by Bill Hunter whose only purpose in this film is to introduce the lovely Laura Del Sol his mistress (who he says is 15 but she looks more like 25) and whose role in the story and acting capabilities suggest that she was offered the role solely on the basis of being the director's or producer's mistress at the time. After much deliberation Hurt kills the Australian but takes along his mistress for no apparent reason. Than he wants to kill her but Roth with his "subtle ways" convince him not to so even she kicks him bites him and scratches him through the entire movie he stays true to that deeply buried human side of him.<br /><br />Than you have plain idiotic scenes like when Hurt and Roth lock the car from the outside trying to prevent the people inside from getting out?!?! Anyway the movie drags on. Tim Roth falls asleep guarding Terence Stamp with his gun on his chest and Stamp just waits there watching the waterfall. Than the whole shamble of a plot comes to the point where everything we've seen in the last hour and 20 minutes just goes out through the window. Let's recapitulate the whole point in not killing Stamp right away (except for having a movie) is to take him to Paris so his former partner is to have a last word with him. And the whole point in him not running away is that he is prepared to die saying "It's just a moment. We're here. Then we're not here. We're somewhere else... maybe. And it's as natural as breathing. Why should we be scared?" But my friends here is where the plot twists Hurt kills the man while still in Spain and we ask why bother and drive around for days he could have done it in the first 15 minutes and than contrary to his philosophy Stamp is very afraid of being killed so we ask again why didn't he run and he had plenty chance. Roth gets killed too but he shouldn't be in the movie at all and Del Sol well she's promised a role in this film purely for romantic (read sexual) reasons so she stays alive again even she attacked Hurt for the 15th time in the movie. He killed all the others but not her she must have maximum screen appearance. The movie was made on a shoe string budget and it shows but when you have no story and card board characterizations it shows even more.And yes Fernando Ray appears and goes through the movie as the guest star having a single audible line of dialog. Awful
critique8674 This sorry excuse for a film reminded me a great deal of what I heard about "Gigli" that Ben and Jen flop earlier this Summer. "The Order" was clearly edited to such an unconscionable degree that the scenes rather than forming a cohesive and provoking film appeared to be a collection of disconnected sequences that did little to forward any semblance of a unified plot. Now I'm a Heath Ledger fan ("10 Things I hate About You" "A Knight's Tale" and particularly his supporting role in "Monster's Ball") but my man needs to find himself a better agent. Keep accepting scripts like "The Order" and "Four Feathers" and he's going to be on the fast track to movie oblivion.<br /><br />Here are the problems I had with the film. Firstly the Director tried to make up for the inadequacies of his essential plot by introducing two other plot lines that seemingly had little if anything to do with well much of anything. Plot skeins involving the American trying to take over the Vatican and the Dark Pope while mildly interesting did nothing to reveal to the viewer anything about the main characters. The attempts to tie these threads together were pathetic at best. Secondly please don't insult the intelligence of the viewer by inserting into the film scenes that are clearly obligatory. We had manufactured angst manufactured love and most idiotically manufactured sex that seemed like a page right out of "Matrix Reloaded" with skull-numbing techno music. Rather than developing character these elements seemed like the cheap devices they clearly were a half-hearted attempt at putting popcorn-chewing adolescents in the seats. Thirdly and most importantly this movie seemed to ha ve an intriguing concept. We have scandal we have religion and we have supernatural forces at play. Why then do we learn almost nothing about anyone's background? We learn a little about Alex but even he gives up the passion of the priesthood to sleep with a woman after two days a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point in the past. And Alex is the most developed if you can call it that character in the entire film.<br /><br />As the cliche goes nowadays if you're going to see one movie this year make sure it's not this one. There's about ten interesting minutes out of the intolerable 101 minute affair. The only thing that saved me was going with a girl who I'm rather fond of.<br /><br />1 out of 10. I'm disappointed. File this one firmly under -had potential but blew it on over editing and bad directing-. Heath my man go back to Monster's Ball-like cameos. They really suit you.
critique8675 What on earth happened to RGV? There are so many things wrong about this movie that one needs to stop and decide where to start- first and worst - the music. Every scene was accompanied with this pretentious background music that was telling you the mood quite pathetically I might add. Secondly the lighting - do we really need such dark scenes where we are wondering if the projector is still working? And finally - if you are going to Indianise the Godfather and Godfather 2 - please realize that a lot of us have seen in. Nayakan was a ripoff of GF1 but better done and more entertaining. I have seen a similarity in both Company and Sarkar and while RGV's Ab Tak 56 was brilliant these two movies leave something to be desired. People will not be impressed any more by just corrupt politicians and the lot. Maybe RGV should see Maqbool which is good enough to be RGV!!
critique8676 There's a lot of good that can be said for this cartoon; the backgrounds are rich lushly colored and full of nicely done art deco details. The animation is up to the usual studio standards of the time which are unquestionably higher than those of the present day. However I find it tedious for a number of reasons.<br /><br />The Music: It's definitely not up to Scott Bradley's usual standards. Although it's probably supposed to be evocative of a "Great Gatsby" setting it ends up being dreary sleepy repetitious AND monotonous (repetitious and monotonous are not the same as Beethoven's 5th Symphony attests). Since most people (including me) tend to close their eyes when they yawn there's a lot of the visual part of the cartoon that will be missed by the average viewer.<br /><br />The Storyline: I'm not giving away any secrets that aren't already in the plot summary - country good city bad. This is a common theme in films both animated and live from this era. It's a misplaced nostalgia for a nonexistent rural idyll which in the present day is reflected in a similar nostalgia for "values" that never were.
critique8677 Edge of Madness is a tale about a woman in the 1800's who gets hand-picked by dirty Scotsman who can't keep his penis in his pants. He just so happens to have a younger brother who is against rape and kills him but continuously says it was an accident. This makes his wife go crazy she gets delusional and she takes the fall because she loves George too much.<br /><br />Like I said this type of thing has been done before. This is just more "artistic" because it's Canadian and it's an indie production done on a low-budget with hardly known actors (except that one kid from Lassie yea he's in it). I dunno' whether this was going for Oscar bait but it was sure as hell boring. And this is based on a 40 page short story. Half of that short story is incorporated into this flick and I'm glad. Otherwise I'd bore to death. Unfortunately I had to watch it in my Media Fundamentals class and I had an assignment on it. Read the short story and compare and contrast the flick to the story. BORING.<br /><br />You know it's harder to answer movie questions when you don't like the movie. Ah well I hope this is the last type of assignment me and my class get. For what it's worth Annie Herron was totally hot she had a nice soft ass and I liked the nude parts of her in the movie.<br /><br />3/10 for boring Oscar bait performance and graphic sexuality..plus nudity.
critique8678 When I saw that Icon was on TV I was surprised. I know that the first clue of where it was headed was the fact that it was on the Hallmark Channel - Has to be said - sorry!! I was hopeful when I saw that FF himself was the Exec Producer but very quickly saw that the only real way that the TV movie and the book were similar were in the name and the character names only. The TV plot was a ho-hum to say the least but I concur that in and of itself the action was worth a 3 stars. In my personal opinion Mr. Swayze could have portrayed a valid Monk however I think that in order to do the movie justice it would have been a far longer movie and I don't think Hollywood itself would have gone for the plot of discreditation by subterfuge. A case in point is the terrible film version of The Sum of All Fears - need I say more?
critique8679 A vampire's's henchman wants to call her after falling in love with a five-dollar hooker in this extremely low-budget horror-comedy. I can't explain all the positive comments on this movie. I'll chalk it up to mass hallucination but it's disconcerting none the less. The one redeeming factor (and this is me being extremely generous here) might be the Grandfather who's the only semi-likable character in this whole mess. Don't waste your money or time. In fact here's a word of advice If Troma puts it out on DVD but does NOT make it themselves in all likelihood it's crap.<br /><br />Troma DVD Extras:Commentary with Omar and Kirk; second commentary with cast and crew deleted scenes; bloopers; troma interactivity; radiation march; Clip from "Terror Firmer"; Theatrical trailer ;Trailers for "the Rowdy Girls" "Teenage Catgirls in Heat" "Cannible: The Musical" and "Toxic Avenger 4" <br /><br />My Grade: D
critique8680 1st watched 5/26/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Michael Almereyda): Weird story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter's body. At least I think that was the relationship. A kind of eerie quality is held throughout this film not unlike Stephen King's The Shining. The difference is that there was campiness in Nicholson's performance that isn't at all in this film. This is all taken very seriously until near the end when some lame one-liners and attempts at litening up the mood don't work at all. The performances are not the problem here but the story is. Everything doesn't seem to come together very smoothly and the viewer is left with a lot of pieces of information and no real understanding of what happened in the film. There is a very small throwaway performance by Christopher Walken as the uncle of the granddaughter which of course gives him top-billing in an attempt to sell the film. Don't buy into this gimmick and avoid this film.<br /><br />
critique8681 Playmania is extremely boring. This is the basis of the show. Mel or Shandi ask extremely easy questions that a 2 year old could answer at an extremely slow pace. This show lasts for 2 hours and they probably only play about 10 games in that period. People may like this show because the hosts are eye candy but they're hotness completely is destroyed by the fact that they are so friggin annoying.<br /><br />During the show they mention that we need more players a million times. The top 5 surveys that they do probably takes about 20 minutes out of the show. This show is probably one of the worst game shows ever made. One of the reasons they probably don't have callers is because the show is so cheap with the money. The most money I've ever seen them hand out was $210. I wouldn't be surprised if this "game show" is canceled by the end of 2006.
critique8682 I remember all the hype around this movie when Aaliyah was killed. Being a fan of Ms. Rice's novels my first thought was "how can they do Queen Of The Damned without doing Vampire Lestat first?"<br /><br />Having finally seen the movie now I can see how they did it. If you have read these books imagine taking out the gory parts from Vampire Lestat cramming Marcus and Marius into one character and removing everything to do with Lestat's beginning (the wolf hunt his violin playing the Theatre Of The Vampires and also Louis Claudia and Gabrielle) then in the last 15 minutes cramming in Queen Of The Damned.<br /><br />What we loose is a very important piece of Lestat's character. His inner agony of having to kill to live the fact that he carefully tries to select killers as his victims and his love-hate relationship with Louis Armand Gabrielle and all the other vampires.<br /><br />Also important to the story is that we loose the "Story Of The Twins" which is the Genesis of Ms. Rice's vampires. And while I am sure the cannibalism was to intense for showing on the screen they could have done something closer and showed us more of ancient Egypt.<br /><br />Even worse we have this love interest thrown in between Jessie and Lestat. The Vampire Chronicles is basically an American Yoni story. For those that do not know Yoni is another form of Hentai (Japanese Porn Comics). But in Yoni it is about gay male relationships told by a female. While I am sure many men object to the "gayness" of the characters in this movie they went to the far extreme the opposite way. For instead of Lestat persueing killers he goes after young female groupies.<br /><br />And the other flaws in logic and storyline are vast. At the beginning Lestat emerges from a century long sleep then later on asks Marius how he made it through the 1950's in red velvet. Marius has no idea who Elvis is and says he slept through that period. Makes you wonder how Lestat knows about 50's fashion and music since he slept through the same time period himself. And nothing is ever even mentioned about Louis Claudia or Gabrielle. I think that is a huge shame. Is like seeing "Snow White and the 3 Dwarfs".<br /><br />Overall the movie I thought was really bad. About the only good thing about it was the soundtrack. Most of the acting was poor the accents drove me up the wall and all of the really in-depth parts of the book were removed leaving us only with a hollow shell kind of like Enkil after he was sucked dry.<br /><br />If you want to see a good modern vampire movie get Lost Boys the original Interview With A Vampire or even some old episodes of Dark Shadows. Let this one Rest In Piece with a stake through the heart cloves of garlic around the neck and a vial of Holy Water in the mouth.<br /><br />In ending remember that before Aaliyah was killed this was intended to go straight to video no theatrical release was planned. It is obvious now why this was. It is only sad that somebody as talented as she will be remembered for this dog of a movie instead of something where she really might have shined.<br /><br />I rate this a 2 on a scale of 1-10.
critique8683 I love documentaries. They are among my favorite genres of film. Before seeing this film I hadn't seen one that I hadn't liked.<br /><br />The premise for this film is a great one. The execution is well done. There were some times early on when I laughed and smiled. Yet as the film went on the more tedious and irritating it became. This could have been something special had the subject not been such an inarticulate childish inept putz. I appreciate his passion for film but quit your whining. If you're short on funds maybe you shouldn't have so many kids or spend so much money on alcohol. Maybe you should have gone to film school or at least graduated from high school. Maybe you should have lived life and gotten perspective and experiences that could add to your vision. <br /><br />There are so many people out there with stories that are interesting funny and poignant. To see this guy chosen over any of them is nothing less than crass. If you want to do a documentary on a film maker why not do one on someone from China or Iran a film maker with REAL problems? <br /><br />Two final questions:<br /><br />Who takes a little kid to see Apocalypse Now?<br /><br />How many times did this guy say "man"?
critique8684 ...that Jamie Foxx would ever deliver such a wonderful Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons why I was so impressed with Foxx's performance in "Ray" was because from watching his hammy obnoxious acting in movies like "Bait" and "Booty Call" I would never imagine he would ever hold the Oscar. If people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx was one day going to win an Oscar I would laugh right in their faces. Who knows? Maybe he's better off sticking to drama because if you watch "Bait" it's clearly evident that comedy is not his forte. I swear Jamie mugs so much in this movie that I'm surprised his face didn't fall off. And why does he have to do those stupid voices at every chance he gets? Anyone familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that doing comedy doesn't require being loud and obnoxious. If a joke is funny it's funny. If it's not funny then doing some crazy accent is not going to make it any funnier. The problem I have with some comedians who decide to try acting is that they favor getting laughs over being in character. In real life normal people don't always have witty comebacks and quips. Like Albert Brooks said in an interview discussing his character in "Taxi Driver" it's important to be funny as your character rather than be funny as a comedian. A prime example of Jamie violating that rule is the nauseatingly awful scene where his mug shots are being taken and he starts posing for the photographs like a model. If a regular person were being thrown in jail would he really be acting goofy while having his mug shots taken? And wouldn't the police try to scold him if he was? There are many scenes like that throughout the film. Another awful sequence is one where Jamie is on the unwittingly on the phone with the villain and he starts doing a phony Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention Jamie never seems to acknowledge the timing of a joke. Giving a comedic performance requires patience whereas he goes straight to the punchline whether it's the right time for it or not. I'm not even a big Mike Epps fan but even his performance is good in comparison to Jamie's. As a matter of fact this is the first time I felt somewhat relieved whenever he would appear on screen. Epps has the same flaws when it comes to comedy but at least he chooses a more low-key approach. One of the few bright spots in this clunker of a comedy is David Morse a highly underrated actor mostly known for his supporting roles as villains. He seems to be the only actor in the film concerned with grounding it in reality. However fellow "Green Mile" star Doug Hutchison is disgustingly over-the-top as the villain. A big surprise considering he gave a superb performance in "The Green Mile" also playing a heavy. Antoine Fuqua has proved his directing chops in movies like "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day." Even in "Bait" he shows he can direct a hell of an action sequence. His only problem seemed to be in disciplining Jamie Foxx who probably improvised half the script with one bad joke after another. Unless you're a die-hard fan of Foxx please don't take the bait.
critique8685 Let me start out by saying that I am a huge fan of Abbie Hoffman and have read Steal this Book and Steal this Urine Test. Also am a even bigger Jerry Rubin fan. But his movie was a discusting pile of rubbish that made a very PG version of Abbie Hoffman. The director took no chances into making Abbie Hoffman interesting in this movie. They despicted Stew Albert as a F***ing cartoon chjaractor devoid of intellegence the man was a proffesor at Berkley for christsakes. Ok they did a horrid casting job for Anita Hoffman did a Horrible job casting for the Jerry Rubin character. I just guess the movie doesnt fit the news flashes that I have seen of Abbie or the books that he wrote. The movie just didnt fit and upset me. Oh yeah and theat is the absolute worst voice over I have ever heard of Richard Nixon. This is one of the few movies that I have ever rented that I could not sit all the way through because I have a passion for Abbie Hoffman and his discruntled band of Yippies and this movie was just plain badly done. And it hurt me that now when people see a movie about the yippies they will see a terrible adaptation and not get a true sense of reality. Instead they get a hollywoodized palanthra of crap.<br /><br />
critique8686 first this deserves about 5 stars due to acting (some which would give me a better subjective opinion and NOT an objective one as it should by giving this one WELL DESERVED star) but then i know that those facts are used for the actor(S) NAMES to increase the rating of something like this...<br /><br />i do have a problem with such productions; yet another attempt (just like "untraceable") of a systematic propagandistic feature promoting government intrusion on your rights( how interesting that it comes at a moment when IPS providers trying to "preferentiate" = CENSOR information and the Americans and Canadians are fighting AGAINST that at this very moments). this time is not by labeling torrent file transfers as evil ( that one was intended to remind you of such feeling whenever you transfer data on the net) but by literally attempting in creating a sexual frustrated population as a whole. SEEMS LIKE FEAR PROMOTION IS HOLLYWOOD'S NORM THIS DAYS especially when coming to thrillers which is the most "on demand" motion picture genre for past 2 decades or so = most viewed best way to try influence the society as a whole. such levels of violence are depicted in this 2 features of morally and "ethical" people that it gives a new much needed meaning to "anti-heroes" figures. make no mistake  this is NOT "DEXTER" which was meant to be high-quality entertainment.STOP SELLING "FEAR" please the world would be a better place without it and the dollars made of it.<br /><br />the opening scene and generally the first 10 minutes really give a frightful picture of an Erroll Babbage that is CLEARLLY suffering of sexual frustration. the way he handles the black male is very disturbing if not outright racist(for sure a "cliche" at least) ( in real life someone would probably get a beating for it you will see what i mean). the second scene ( with Claire Danes's character present) is even more extreme. at that point i realized in my opinion that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous individual to people around him.how many people that have seen or will see this movie have never been "hold down"(regarding BOTH sexes) out of self COMMON gratification!?.typically the movie gives an extreme CRIMINAL case(that unfortunately did is and will likely happen again sometime  somewhere) BUT fingers everyone else indirectly as well as "you could become that" etc. anyone that is familiar with Sigmund Freud and Jung will know very well that sexuality is not something to be judged let alone "asses"  by such fanatical "hero" here. SAFE sex in its many forms IS healthy and not some evil that apparently Richard Gere character is obsessed with  on his way for some sexual "crusade". have we not learned anything from the abundant recent scandals involving priests and young boys!? or for how long an American teenager can see extreme violence on "pg-13" but he can not even see a woman breast until "R-18"!?!?( yet the industry targets them with this VERY SAME sexual perversions like "american pie" series for example).raise the kids tester-one levels but frustrate them and drive them underground in developing fetishes to UNhealthy EXTREMES!? all sexual activities(upon MUTUAL acceptance) integrates individuals better then some "rightous" nut-case THAT blames his misfortunes and shortcomings on "the lives of others"( a new German movie that would work great in comparing this 2 distinct and world apart features on the very same subject).here like in that movie you will probably appreciate the actors for well portraying the opposite of what they should have been.<br /><br />i am very disappointed with Richard Gere especially after the recent " hunting party" a feature where he really shines and about a more realistic "hero"( after real facts as well).but then it just reminds me that all those people are only actors that get paid to play someone's political and social agenda. "the flock" and "untraceable" 2 heads of the same hidden beast)))it just reminds you if know anyone with similar views on the subject as a WHOLE as Erroll Babbage has those here to stay clear of them for THEIR own safety.they would kill my family faster then any 0.00001 chances of Paul Jerrod in anyone's life would...<br /><br />in the end i recommend this to anyone thinking negative here about MY "assesment" of this particular movie ( and "untraceable" actually) so you can likely have similar thoughts as i did. nothing sweeter then a propagandistic movie shooting itself in the "foot".))))for once i agree with the rating this is not a feature for teenagers or kids; simply because at best would confuse them even more then the "common" belief of "money+fame+fashion" and how that relates to sexuality. "scream" series and movies as such AT LEAST have a defined entertainment value(even if a dumb one in my opinion). but this one is just another "trust me i know what is good for you" deeply (not so well done i might add) subliminal messages.
critique8687 Bob Clampett's 'The Hep Cat' is a distinctly average cartoon only really notable for the fact that it was the first colour Looney Tune (previously Looney Tunes were all black and white while Merrie Melodies were in colour). The tale of a singing dancing cat's attempts to woo a lady cat and a dog's attempts to catch the cat 'The Hep Cat' lacks the trademark energy and pace of most Clampett shorts. To be fair Clampett doesn't have a great deal to work with. Warren Foster's script is embarrassingly thin and while he has spun straw into gold with other cartoons Clampett doesn't manage it with 'The Hep Cat'. It's often said of Clampett that you can't mistake his cartoons for anyone else's and it's generally true but 'The Hep Cat' is an exception. There's flashes of Clampett genius such as the chase scene in which the cat stops to ask the dog "Hey are you following me". When the dog confirms that he is the cat simply says "Oh" and the chase immediately resumes. Unfortunately there's very little of such brilliance on show here. Knowing who directed it 'The Hep Cat' is a bitter disappointment. We all have off days and this was clearly one of Clampett's!
critique8688 first off i'm amazed to see that this film has got a rating of 7 on this site. at first i thought it might be industry people logging in to IMDb and jacking up the rating. but after looking on rotten tomatoes and seeing that this film has something like a 76% approval rating it seems that maybe folks have just been duped again into mistaking pretentious crap for profundity. i mean this film is simply awful. the acting is simply terrible but the rest of the film is worse. at least the acting provides some (unintentional) laughs. <br /><br />the plot involves a teenage skateboarding boy who is being questioned along with his friends for a murder that happened by a park where they skate. and that's about it. the rest of the film consists of the aforementioned terrible acting terrible dialog slow motion shots of people walking of people's faces of people skating often set to music that does not fit the scene. perhaps that was done to be "cool" or experimental or hip. or perhaps it was done in hopes that it would fool people into thinking that it is somehow profound but it does not work. nothing in this film works. it's pretentious garbage. i can't not recommend it enough.
critique8689 I'm a historian. This movie is so wrong it hurts. Tried to watch with an open mind but if you're going to delve into a movie or anything for that matter of this nature at least do some homework regarding history locations church protocol et cetera. Stop playing to the dumb audience please. There are those of us out there that actually put on our shoes and venture out to the theatre when something of this nature worthy of a theatrical release comes to town. A little research all I'm asking. But then again the book it's based on is somewhat of a joke in itself. So basically they took a novel with many errors and decided to make it into a screenplay pour millions and millions and millions of dollars into it and make an incredibly promoted world distributed theatrical release and at no time have anyone take the time to do a little research on the lot of it. I know several of my colleagues who would have done it for just the credit alone or at least given it to a body of students as an assignment for several weeks to research various aspectsÃ‚Â… or just pay someone knowledgeable a couple of bucks just to run through it because trust me there are plenty of starving historians out there who would have jumped on the opportunity if it had presented itself.
critique8690 Where was his critique of democratic administrations as well as republican ones? After all he did serve for 17+ years in a body of government where his influence was unwaivering. Oh I forgot about the 8 years he was the 2nd in command of the most Powerful nation on Earth. The film is happy to show shots of a young Senator Gore asking why a NASA scientist was forced to change a conclusion in his scientific paper but fails to ask about the complicity of Clinton/Gore in global warming. Probably too close to an election year or maybe it would hurt the chances for Hillary in '08. Either way he's a political coward and party man to the bitter end. He offers no criticism of consumerism no criticism of capitalism no way to is the history of the industrial development which has led us to this point in time <br /><br />In the end this film was much more about Mr. Gore himself than about any real problems our environment faces. Mr. Gore if you really wanted to make a campaign film - shorten it & call it what it really is.
critique8691 Oh dear! The BBC is not about to be knocked off its pedestal for absorbing period dramas by this one. I agree this novel of Jane Austens is the difficult to portray particularly to a modern audience the heroine is hardly a Elizabeth Bennet even Edmund is not calculated to cause female hearts to skip a beat. However I must say I was hoping for an improvement on the last and was sadly disappointed. The basic story was preserved but the dialogue was so altered that all that was Jane Austen's tone manner feeling wit depth was diluted if not lost. If some past adaptions may be seen as dated the weakness of this one must be that it is too modern ('his life is one long party'?????) The cast was generally adequate but I think Billie Piper was the wrong choice it needed someone more restrained I gained no impression of hidden depths beneath a submissive exterior she was more like a frolicking child. I see I must wait for the BBC to weave its magic once again.
critique8692 I will commend it in only one respect.. it was innovative. Innovative doesn't mean it's a good film it means that it can give you an idea of what you can take and implement in your own films.<br /><br />The simple plot is.. well.. simple. I got to the point where I didn't care if they destroy the building or not. If I had to hear that girl's annoying giggle one more time I swear I would hurl the DVD out the window. And there's also the protagonist. They try to make him lovable but he's a freakin pervert! Sniffing the girls bra sneaking peeks at her when she's naked putting her bra over his eyes when he sleeps putting her bra on a blow up sex doll (which she takes her panties off while hes asleep and slips them on his doll.. umm)<br /><br />What irritates me even moreso is that crappy tinting. In the photo gallery on the DVD you can see what the film looked liek before they greyscaled it and put in a color tint (digitally too).. The film looked a LOT better without the effect.. so they sacrificed it being a good film just to be artsy... bah. I could understand using gimmicks like that if the film quality was crap..<br /><br />I think most people who liked this film just liked it because the chick was naked for a good 5 - 10 minutes. This doesn't compare to Delicatessen ( like so many are tryign to do). Delicatessen has characters you can get into and like.. these people here just grunt and giggle.<br /><br />Lastly I would also liek to point out that this was also tryign to be like a German Impressionistic film liek the old silents. One of the problems with most foreign especially artsy films is that thety focus on making an artsy composition and forget about the 'space' of the scene. It results in the audience not really understanding what;s going on because they don't get a sense of the space of the surroundings.<br /><br />Anyway it's rubbish. The short film on the DVD Surprise was a heckuva lot better.
critique8693 The exclamation point in the title is appropriate albeit an understatement. This movie doesn't just cry -- it shrieks loud enough to shatter glass.<br /><br />Filmmakers Andrew and Virginia Stone made shrill humorless suspense thrillers that strove for a semi-documentary feel. Here they shot on actual New York locations with tinny "real-life" acoustics to jack up the verisimilitude. But the naturalism of the sound recording only serves to amplify the Stones' maladroit dialog and the mouth-frothing histrionics of tortured butterfly Inger Stevens.<br /><br />In a performance completely devoid of modulation Stevens plays the wife of electronics whiz James Mason (looking haggard and bored); both are held captive by extortionist Rod Steiger (looking bloated and bored) and his slimy cohorts in a scheme to blackmail an airline with a deadly bomb that Mason has unwittingly helped construct.<br /><br />Here is another credibility-straining instance of a criminal mastermind so brilliantly attentive to every detail yet knuckleheaded enough to hire a drug-addicted degenerate as an underling. The Stones' idea of nail-biting tension is to trap the hysterical Stevens alone with Benzedrine-popping rapist Neville Brand filling the frame with his sweaty drooling kisser. But the camera work is so leaden and Brand so (uncharacteristically) demure that the effect is hardly lurid much less suspenseful. The Stones a square pair at heart don't even have the courage of their own lack of convictions.<br /><br />The film which ends with the portly Steiger chasing the fleet-footed Stevens on a subway train track is as clumsy as its ungainly heavy. With Angie Dickinson as Steiger's amoral girlfriend Jack Klugman Kenneth Tobey and Barney Philips.
critique8694 For your own good it would be best to disregard any positive reviews concerning this movie. This flick STINKS. Now I like (at least in theory) low budget horror movies but this one makes the worst mistake a low budget flick can make: It takes itself WAY too seriously. And unfortunately that's not it's only problem.<br /><br />It's the story of the murderous Beane clan of the British Ilses transposed to modern times. An interesting premise but there are two things that are immediately perplexing about this film once you start watching it.<br /><br />#1- Why is the biggest name on the CD box Jenna Jameson? She's a below average looking woman who can't act and she has a minor role. ANSWER: She's apparently a well known porn star (as you no doubt read in other reviews) so I guess this is a "cameo" appearance for her. She's giving the film much needed "name recognition" it seems. Her top billing isn't any indication of her talent though it's an indication of how UNtalented the rest of the cast is.<br /><br />#2- How can film makers be so stupid to think Canada can be passed off as Ireland? It doesn't even remotely look like Ireland. And the house that the guests/victims stay in is this great big North American wood frame Edwardian thing. They should have skipped the whole Beane theme and developed a story that took place in N.A. Also if you're going to make a movie that takes place in Ireland it's probably best to have more than one character with an Irish accent (and that was a REALLY REALLY REALLY BAD Irish accent.) Nowthis wouldn't have been so bad if the director wasn't trying to make the next "Night of the Living Dead" but it seems he was. Too bad. He could have had some fun with it. In fact some of the scenes weren't far from being unintentionally comedic as they were.<br /><br />Like the infamous gutting scene were the woman is chained to the table stripped naked and then sliced open and eviscerated. That's funny you ask? Well in the deleted scene version the mutant killer pulls out mile after mile after mile of intestines. It's actually funny after awhile. And what self respecting cannibal eats intestines anyway? Do we eat the intestines of cows and chickens? Heck no we eat hams and ribs and drumsticks. Oh well.<br /><br />Some of the other cast who were annoying: the whiny creepy Howard Rosenstein. I'm not sure but I THINK he was supposed to be cast as a STUD. In fact he's as big a loser and goof ball as his name would imply. Which would explain why the character played by the equally annoying Gillian Leigh fell for him.<br /><br />I checked Gillian Leigh on her link on IMDb and apparently it's important to know that she graduated high school with honors. I can't decide if it's more amusing or pathetic to know that only a couple years after graduation the honor student is doing nude soft-core porn scenes in a shower with a guy named Howard Rosenstein. Wonder if her former classmates have seen this movie? If they have hopefully they'll get the message: AVOID THIS FATE! GO TO COLLEGE!!! I could go on and on but why. If you like gore you'll find something redeeming in this flick but not much more.
critique8695 How could this get a 6.0 rating? Are we as horror fans so used to horror films being so utterly bad these days that when one comes along that has some and i repeat 'only some' redeeming quality's we get much too excited and give a rating that is just a wee bit too high? The director has a certain visual flair. No doubt about that. But in between some decent shots he forgot a good story mood or scares. It had a very slow first act lazy killing scene's annoying and flat characters and a very stupid and very unbelievable twist. And what's with the portrayal of American teenagers in so many of these kinds of films? Do they always have to be this stupid irritating and so godd#mn superficial. I don't remember teens being like this when i grew up here in Holland. All things considered in can't give this film anything more that a 4 out of 10 rating.
critique8696 Having read the novel before seeing this film I was enormously disappointed by the wooden acting and the arrogance of the producers in their blatant disregard of the plot. I feel this film in no way reflects the brilliance of Bronte's work and rather gave the impression of a shallow love story. In the condensing of the film to a short 2hours the film lost many of the key features which make the book comprehendable and progressional thus resulting in a somewhat jumpy plot with little grounding. There is no build up to the romance between Rochester and Jane Eyre so this appears rather abrupt and unfounded since the two characters have such infrequent interaction you cannot help but imagine their 'love' is superficial. This is such an injustice to Bronte's novel;you are given no impression of Jane's quirky cheek and boldness which attracts Rochester to her and his arrogance which attracts Jane to him.<br /><br />Despite to poor scripting I think that a few of the characters were portrayed very astutely namely Mrs Fairfax and Grace Poole however overall the production was poor. Given a better scripting perhaps the film would have been more successful. See "Jane Eyre" (1970) with Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton for an outstanding production.
critique8697 Young Michael Dudikoff like young Lord Greystoke was abandoned in the jungle on a Pacific island as an infant. But instead of being raised by the apes he fell into the hands of a Japanese soldier who was still living there because he hadn't heard the war was over. And like young Luke Skywalker it turns out he fell into the hands and learned the fighting skills of a Ninja.<br /><br />Good thing because they were separated and the young kid came down with a case of amnesia but those fighting skills didn't go away. The orphaned kid now named Joe Armstrong enlists in the Army and gets himself stationed in the Phillipines. Meanwhile his Obi Wan Kenobe played by John Fujioka gets rescued himself and goes to work as a gardener on the estate of planter and terrorist go between Don Stewart using a cheesy accent that seems to vary between French and Spanish.<br /><br />As these things happen everybody meets and Dudikoff both solves the mystery of part of his past and saves the commanding officer's daughter from the bad guys in this Golan-Globus Production. Charles Bronson was getting a bit long in the tooth now and Golan-Globus needed a new star for their action flicks. Michael Dudikoff filled the bill quite nicely and made quite a few films for them including several American Ninja sequels.<br /><br />This film is all action and Dudikoff dispatches bad guys at a record pace. What he doesn't do Steve James does doing his best Rambo imitation and showing his considerable martial arts skills.<br /><br />The film has enough holes in the plot to drive one of those army vehicles through you see in the story. But that's what the ticket buying public doesn't care about. Dudikoff certainly looks magnificent stripped to his fighting clothes. No wonder so many sequels were made.
critique8698 It's times like these I truly wish I was a more avid reader of Clive Barker's literary repertoire since very few things feel worse than not being able to fully comprehend a movie of this stunningly 'visual' caliber. Based on the novella "Cabal" the story of "Nightbreed" involves a behemothic amount of lavish and bizarre creatures and settings in an underground society of demonic ghouls. A normal guy becomes linked to the strange world called Midian through his dreams and his psychiatrist coerces him into believing he is responsible for a series of gruesome murders of families in recent months... Thinking this to be true he retreats to Midian - located under a rural cemetery - where he is reluctantly accepted. The shrink however is right on Homeboy's heals with a diabolical scheme to whip out the community of Nightbreeds...<br /><br />Wanting so much to love this movie I was very let down in the long run. I have regretfully not read the story so Barker's fantasy world and the purpose of it and all these monsters was horribly confusing and the premise was painfully uneven. I understand how the final cut was diced to hell and even Barker show's moderate dislike for the overall product but I just didn't "get" it. Even if it is crucial to read the story I feel like it should at least be translated to film in a way that it is still comprehensible for those unfamiliar with the literature. If "Cabal" is as convoluted as this film than Barker really milked a dead concept. Couldn't help but feel a bit bored after a while especially when things started getting increasingly ridiculous (somewhere around the jail scene I realized just how bored I was) - like a police department fearlessly going to war with Midian like it happens every week! No one seems to think the idea of immortal monsters is a tad... strange. I DID like the visual effects and all that crazy sh*t that went on in Midian especially that porcupine lady and that big headed SOB... Definitely an epic flick when you consider the massive quantity of effects and convincingly morbid decor. David Cronenberg fills his position well as the loony shrink with his cool zipper-head potato sack mask but we ALL wish he had done some behind-the-camera work to help save this heap... <br /><br />So if you have a boner for Clive Barker material and fully grasp what exactly Midian is why they show the creatures during the opening title sequence (terrible idea!) and why these creatures reside there and how some punk kid shares a telekinetic link to it you should probably check out "Nightbreed". I'll look for "Cabal" one of these days and hopefully gain some perspective... Or maybe I'll just forget this travesty completely... Until then this is a poorly constructed and fairly tedious mess of a movie... Watch "Hellraiser" instead.
critique8699 to moviethis movie felt like one of those after school specialsonly lower budget and lower everything else.i guess this was supposed to an inspirational movie of some sortbut it didn't work for me.yet some how it comes across as preachy.it has very pale shades of Flash Dancebut so what?there just isn't any excitement in this movie.the dialogue is contrived and clichÃƒÂ©d to death.of coursethe whole movie feels like a bad 80's clichÃƒÂ©.the acting was less than stellarthough that has a lot to do with what the actors were given(or in this case-not)to work with.on top of that is the poor song choiceswith really bad lyrics.i felt embarrassed for all the actors involved.they are all talentedbut you can't tell from this movie.this is just my opinion of coursebut i have to give Flying AKA Dream to Believe a 1/10
critique8700 I decided to watch this one because it's been nominated for Oscar this year. I guess as many folks here I really wanted to like this movie but ended up bored and disappointed. First scene was OK but the whole rest of the movie in "shaky hands" camera mode is really annoying.<br /><br />i guess the main reason for making such a movie and nominating it for Oscar is this:<br /><br />American "military machine" (people who makes money on war) urgently need an excuse or justification of war in Iraq by bungling up something (sort of) patriotic.<br /><br />why these "heroic" efforts of director and the main character to _inspire_ the audience with an idea of "loving-war-like-a-drug"?.. Oh please come on! what a bore! <br /><br />watch this to get an idea of how low the movie academy can fall...
critique8701 I received a copy of this film from a friend for my 21st birthday which he had obviously picked up for 99p from a bargain video bin.<br /><br />Never have I been so frustrated when watching a film - it was tedious Adam West was wasted (literally) and in retrospect I cannot recall a single thing about it. My lack of enjoyment grew to such an extent that the second the credits rolled we smashed up the cassette and hung the tape around the living room. Just for good measure we set fire to the cover.
critique8702 The John Goodman program was pretty awful but this thing just plain stinks. The one and only thing in this mess that made me smile was recognizing the voice of Patrick Starfish as Frosty. The story is hopeless written by somebody who has garbled memories of childhood rebelliousness but has never gained any adult sense of perspective in the intervening years. Paranoia rules the dark world that these characters inhabit. Everybody is unpleasant and for no reason. The plot is predictable but the show lurches from one inexplicable unconnected scene to another in such a pointless way there is no fun in watching it. The worst thing is nobody in the production crew seems to have ever seen snow!
critique8703 You know I'm sure the boys were sitting around the office one day and said "HOW CAN WE MAKE MORE MONEY?" They had made every possible variant of toy they could make with their current characters. So they decide let's steal the star wars idea A PREQUEL and we can make up all new characters and sell them as toys. Incidently something they did in puppet master 3 but who cares? Anyway they pick a point in time before the first movie when Toulon is still alive he and the puppets are sitting around and a wooden head roll on the floor and the puppets want to know if that is a dead family member or something it doesn't matter. So the tale of the puppet master ancestry begins. It's long it's boring no body cares.<br /><br />The funniest part is they tell the origin of these new characters in the movie but give no clues of their fate. SO GUESS WHAT once the revenue from the new toys pays off they can fundsa new (and 4th straight rotten) sequel called "PUPPET MASTER 8 THE SEQUEL TO THE PREQUEL OF THE FATE OF THE DEAD RETRO PUPPETS!" hold your breath!
critique8704 The first review I saw of this on IMDB says that Vince Vaughn is a much better actor than Anthony Perkins was in this role. Makes me wonder if he saw the original. It's tough to review Psycho if you don't have the perspective of how revolutionary the movie was in 1960. You have a heroine who isn't very likable and is killed not far into the movie and a villain who is creepy but makes you feel for him. Add to that some graphic violence and you have a blue print for some of the slasher films of the 80s and 90s.<br /><br />Where does this film go wrong? Let's start with casting. Anne Heche is fine as a Vivian Crane but as Norman Bates Vince Vaughn is all wrong. For one thing he looks far too young. Secondly he has no idea how to play the roll. His nervous laugh reminds me of Ron Howard trying to play a tough guy on Happy Days. Everything he does screams I DID IT! The original movie even to those who know everything about it still makes you feel uneasy about the influence of mother on Norman and turns her into a real separate character. How about the shower scene. When I finally saw the 1960 movie on a big screen I was surprised at its power to scare the heck out of me. Bernard Herrman's score becomes incredibly shrill and loud and goes further toward scaring you than Danny Elfman's synth interpretations during the scene. This shower scene merely serves to show us Anne Heche's naked body and some nice color blood. Which brings us to the choice to film in color. Didn't work.<br /><br />There is something about remaking classic films that hardly ever seems to work. Some may see this as a noble experiment but honestly if Gus Van Sant had nothing to add to this film he should have left it alone
critique8705 Some of the reviewers of this film were extremely "generous" with praise. I personally was disappointed because due to those reviews I was optimistic as the opening credits began to roll.<br /><br />The all-too familiar story line goes like this: Deformed boy and his father live out in Louisiana swamp. Local boys ridicule and torment him. Local boys start Gruesome's oh sorry I mean Victor Crowley's cabin on fire with him in it. Dad attempts to rescue his son formerly known as Eddie Munster meets the Elephant Man but accidentally puts a hatchet through the kid's head instead. Victor becomes a murderous ghost who hunts down unfortunates who enter his domain. Oooo... scary.<br /><br />One thing I appreciated about Hatchet was that it never took itself seriously and some of the gags even made me laugh. The thing is I've grown tired of the Hollywood-polished B-horror slap-sticks. I like to laugh and I enjoy a good scare but this film didn't deliver a solid dose of either. As for Crowley being the next Michael Jason or Freddy... Pumpkinhead has a better chance.
critique8706 Wow... I suspected this one to be bad... But now I find myself just at a loss for words... Honestly no words of mine can do this movie any justice...<br /><br />I'll try to say something anyway...<br /><br />This truly is one unique gem. One of the worst kind.<br /><br />Lash La Rue - given his background as an actor - doing a whip-fight with a Toltec sorcerer-zombie during the movie's climax...??? A true stroke of genius without a doubt.<br /><br />It rarely happens that I laugh out loud when watching a movie alone. It happened numerous times with this one.<br /><br />The accents of the actors man the accents... And the dialogues I heard them speak... And the acting itself... I just couldn't believe what I was hearing.<br /><br />That fat uncle farting so loudly (when walking up to the house together with his little nephew) for no apparent reason whatsoever...<br /><br />Tits! Yes there's titties! And female ass! There's even a naked chick in a bathtub sipping a beer...<br /><br />That one "stretch his mouth over his face"-kill was the bomb! A true highlight.<br /><br />The comedy-aspects were just totally bonkers. I just couldn't believe what I was seeing and hearing. For a while I even thought that they were unintentional shaking my head in disbelief. But about halfway in the movie I started to get the bigger picture. Guess it took me half a movie to dumb-down half of my brain to finally get it.<br /><br />I had a really hard time believing this movie... But it's good really I think. It had one black chick walking up to a very tiny cupboard opening it and then saying "Wooow look at all the storage space!". And she said it like she meant it. I mean that's good dialogue and good acting right?<br /><br />Oh and perhaps needless to say: Lash La Rue's whip-skills suck major ass in THE DARK POWER. It's really sad and pathetic to behold. That's all part of the comedy of course. Or wait I might be wrong. No yes I'm wrong. Lash La Rue was amazing with the whip! It was the editor's fault. He messed it up cutting his lashes together and all. Or wait it might have been the camera operator. He filmed from the wrong angles... Then why didn't Phil Smoot say anything? That's it it's the director's fault.<br /><br />But it's a good movie.<br /><br />I'm just gonna quit talking about it. I have nothing meaningful to say anyway except for the fact that I hope my brain will recover from this experience... some time soon.
critique8707 I didnt think it was possible but i have found film worse than 'Body Melt'. This film is really really bad! And what makes it worse is that its another Australian film...<br /><br />Shot on what looks like VHS and with a terrible 80's rock soundtrack it just keep getting worse and worse which is hard to believe seeing how bad the beginning is (skinned male hanging up-side-down in a white tomato sauce sprayed room anyone?).<br /><br />And why do their accents keep changing? From bad New York drawl to prissy english then pure Aussie! And it happens to the whole cast!<br /><br />This film also claims to have won some film festival on the cover (i believe it was the Utah Film Festival). This has to be a lie because no-one in their right mind would nominate this for anything (perhaps the Golden Rasberries but i thinks its too bad for that aswell).<br /><br />Come on guys! This film has to be number 1 on the bottom 100!!! It has to be ten times a bad as those films already on there.<br /><br />Well done to the "film" makers of this trash for proving there is a reason not to see films..... 0/10
critique8708 I rented this on DVD and I kind of feel bad since Dawson and Lugacy are so earnest about it in the DVD comments. It's not a bad movie exactly but it's one of those films that desperately wants to be a deep comment on human nature while not realizing that its story is practically a genre. Plus it is a little simplistic about the issue in a lot of ways and the characters' behavior often strains belief. I'd say its a film that you would get something out of if you don't have a lot of film/TV/literature/life behind you (to be honest I've seen almost exactly the same story in horror comics even). Otherwise its point has been made before and more artfully. And that gets to the big problem which is that it really doesn't have much of cinematic interest to it besides the point. It ends up being a fairly bland movie overall that invests everything in the idea that the basic story will be shocking and compelling and it doesn't really pay off.
critique8709 I loved the original I watch it every year. but the second is a piece of garbage and it never should have been made. The second could have worked if there was a different location. The son was not an original or didn't even act like one of Eddie's kids. Third was too smart for Eddie which downplayed his father role. None of the other kids where in it. It just could of been a lot better. I don't know why they even tried to make this movie. There was no continuncy from the first movie. I will pretend that this one doesn't even exist. It is sad that the actors didn't even see that they where made fools of. A really bad movie. I just think that i wasted an hour or more on a bad movie and i really love all of the national lampoon films.
critique8710 I am watching this movie right now on WTN because that was the channel that the TV was turned to when I turned it on. It is a not very credible and fairly boring story about a minister's wife (Alexandra Paul) falling in lust with a young stud/drifter (with washboard abs) played by Corey Sevier. There may or may not be a plot. Corey whips his shirt off a lot and Alexandra swoons. I'm getting the feeling he's supposed to be up to no good and that's why he's messing with skinny Alexandra Paul. It's not really important because as I said he takes his shirt off a lot and I just caught a glimpse of butt cleavage. There's a lot of sax on the soundtrack which is just painful.
critique8711 This was an awful movie! Not for the subject matter but for the delivery. I went with my girlfriend at the time (when the movie came out) expecting to see a movie about the triumph of the human spirit over oppression. What we saw was 2 hours of brutal police oppression with no uplift at the end. The previews and ads made NO mention of this! Plus for all that they played up whoopi goldberg my recollection is that she is arrested and killed in the first 20 minutes! Again the previews say nothing about this! (not that you would expect that but it's just more of the problem). If I had known how depressing this movie would be I would've never have seen it. Or at least I would've been prepared for it. This was a bait and switch ad campaign and I will NEVER see this movie again!
critique8712 I went into this film expecting/hoping for a sleazy drive-in style slice of seventies exploitation but what I got was more of a bizarre pseudo western with far too much talking and not enough action. It's clear that this film was made on a budget; the locations are drab and poorly shot while the acting leaves a lot to be desired also. The plot focuses on a trio of robbers (a father and two sons) that steal a load of gold after killing some miners. They come across a cabin inhabited by a young girl and her stepmother...and all this is told in flashbacks by the young girl currently residing in an asylum. It's clear that directors Louis Leahman and William Sachs thought they were making something really shocking; but despite its best efforts South of Hell Mountain is just too boring to shock the viewer. The film drones on for about eighty minutes and most of it consists of boring characters spouting off boring and long-winded dialogue. The only good thing I have to say about the film is with regards to the music; which is good in places. The ending is the only other good thing about the movie; and that's only because it's the last thing that happens. I wouldn't recommend anyone bothers tracking this down...there was much better trash made in the seventies.
critique8713 In 1990 I saw Kathy Ireland in person - I was at UNT in Denton during the filming of "Necessary Roughness." Strangely enough the voice she's using in this film isn't too far off from her real speaking voice.<br /><br />Anyway the plot goes like this: Kathy gets a letter telling her that her father's fallen into a bottomless pit in Africa. She goes and investigates the site of her father's death only to get sucked into a subterranean world that's part dystopian nightmare part uninspiring fantasy and inhabited by rejects from the Plasmatics. This movie really wastes the talent of Linda Kerridge who in my opinion could have been someone had she gotten that one big role that was right for her. Anyway the main hero of the story Gus is a very lame Mark "Jacko" Jackson rip-off. The original is annoying enough to begin with but this guy really is torture to watch. Eventually the nebbish Wanda comes out of her shell and ends up wearing a bikini top and a sarong at the end. If you're going to have Kathy Ireland in a film in skimpy clothing it'd better be a bikini. Anyway the film was just all around bad and rightfully skewered by MST3K.<br /><br />Avoid this one if possible.
critique8714 This movie is the last straw in a list of films I have seen this week that have pushed me over the edge and forced me to join IMDb and spread some warning to the public. It was absolutely horrible. The film was drawn out and painfully boring. The sound effects and even picture quality seemed like they came from Willow (1988) or maybe even Conan the Barbarian (1982). The battle of Bannockburn was absolutely absurd. This "largest filmed reconstruction of medieval battle ever staged in the British Isles" made me snicker. There wasn't even a coherent formation at all just a few guys with spears and horses running right through them. The scenes of Douglas especially in the last battle were simply horrible as was most of the acting in the film.
critique8715 The best way to have fun in this movie is to count how many clichÃƒÂ©s it is rehashing. Snarling Chinese gangsters. A female vice-president. A ventilator duct that happens to be big enough to fit a big Caucasian male. Shooting through the wall to kill the bad guy. A Situation where you need to snuff out some innocent people to prevent Armageddon. Independence Day scenes where you snuff out some memorable landmarks in a fireball. The vice president in a nice well lighted room surrounded by subordinates while the Chinese premier virtually alone in a dark room with just bit of dim light shining snarling as viciously as the slimy gangsters. A lone hero left alone in a ship (building airplane whatever) wreaking havoc on clueless bad guys with big automatic weapons. Etc. etc. etc.<br /><br />The second best way is to count how many zeroes you need to put after the decimal to accurately gauge the probability of the film scenario. I counted up to 45. A president agreeing to a meeting on board a private vessel. The impossibly non-overridable command from the nuke box. The part where the Chinese decided to play shoot 'em up. Etc. etc. Man the earth is more likely fall into the sun than for this film to happen. <br /><br />I admit the film was interesting until the point the evil Taiwanese gangsters kidnapped the President. Then the boredom kicked in. Suspension of disbelief ceased and I started thinking the fun I'd have torturing this film...
critique8716 Who did the research for this film? It's set in Baghdad in 2004 however all the Soldiers are wearing ACUs and have all Universal Camouflage Pattern gear. No one was wearing that stuff in 04. <br /><br />I just saw this film while deployed overseas and I can say that the overwhelming feeling from the audience was WTF? This movie made no sense had characters come and go with no explanation and people doing ridiculous things that would NEVER happen in real life. I realize that it's a movie but it's obviously trying to portray something realistic. It fails miserably but it's trying. <br /><br />It's like someone came up with a bunch of random ideas chewed them up and swallowed then vomited out a film. I would not recommend this film to anyone. I'm still not sure why I sat through the whole thing. GI Joe was one that really made you think compared to this. STAY AWAY!
critique8717 German filmmaker Ulli Lommel has managed a task many horror fans thought was impossible: he's unseated fellow Teuton Uwe Boll for the crown of director of the worst horror film ever made.<br /><br />Lommel is truly the Ed Wood of the new millennium. This film is as shoddy and laughable as the best-worst of EW. I am both proud and embarrassed to say that I watched it in toto morbidly fascinated to see just low the bar could be set. The answer is: subterranean; Lommel dug a pit and buried it.<br /><br />The fun begins with the cast of international nobodies. Only someone who has lived in Los Angeles where every auto mechanic doctor and mailman is an actor or screenwriter waiting to be discovered could easily understand how Lommel managed to find so many wannabe actors willing to spew his ridiculous dialog with a straight face.<br /><br />The main character a villainous beat cop is played by a German actor with a thick German accent. Aside from being a serial killer he is also the oldest beat cop in LA. Despite the fact that he stops innocent women drivers and takes them into custody then drags them into his home (which inexplicably is the top floor of a furniture warehouse) and does all this in plain sight of his rookie partners the LAPD refuses to investigate going so far as to physically attack one of his accusers in a ninja style raid on his apartment.<br /><br />The sets are excruciatingly bad. The production designer's budget apparently included just enough money for a can of paint; enough to paint "Precinct 707" on a cardboard wall.<br /><br />Since the actors were obviously unpaid non-professionals--a sad assortment of European emigres (possibly deportees if they acted in their native lands) bimbos mimbos and desperate middle-aged women--and since little if any money was spent on sets special efx locations or other production value it is only fair to mention that they did spring for a few genuine-looking police uniforms. Sadly they couldn't afford a police car; the uniformed cops cruise the streets in a shiny new Mercury rental.<br /><br />More than half of the story focuses on the dirty deeds of our deranged German LAPD officer and the futile efforts of two young rookies to stop him. One of these young actors is especially pitiable because he's the only actor in this whole mess with even a vague shot at a real career in the movies. The other fits right in with a rockabilly hairdo and tortured Brando posing that needs to be seen to be appreciated.<br /><br />The latter part of the film is where the title gets its zombie as the victims of our killer are resurrected after he murders a girl who had just visited some voodoo priestesses to have a protective spell put on her. Don't ask why a girl from Romania would resort to voodooism in anticipation of being murdered just accept Lommel's logic and enjoy the absurd ride.<br /><br />After much prolonged hand-clawing out of straw-covered roadside graves the zombie girls manage to make their appearance. They look exactly as they did before death maybe even prettier with black glamor make-up generously airbrushed around their eyes. Looking nothing like zombies they look more like high fashion models ready for the runway.<br /><br />At this point in the movie Lommel borrows a creative note from his lauded countryman Boll and injects large doses of cheesy Euro-trash techno into the soundtrack. We're talking prehistoric electronic bumblebee noise. Stuff they might have played in an Ibiza disco when Lommel was still young enough to shake his booty.<br /><br />Unlike other zombies Lommel's girls speak and function as normal... er I mean as they did before becoming zombified. This gives our auteur ample opportunities to shower us with more of his golden dialog. Yes a golden shower it is.<br /><br />I won't spoil anything by revealing the shock ending. All I can say is it's perfectly in tune with the rest of this masterpiece. The spirit of Ed Wood lives on... or should I say his geist.
critique8718 A somewhat awkward spy mystery with a predictable plot about World War Two dangers. The mystery is whether or not Jane Graystone (Nancy Coleman) has amnesia. The best acting is done by Raymond Massey as Dr. Ingersoll a good doctor turned evil. He is head of a spy ring attempting to get information from amnesiac Jane coded information related to allied activities. Will she tell? Can she remember? Moroni Olson (as Mr. Goodwin) is convincing as an accomplice to Massey. The role played by John Garfield (as Dr. Lewis) is nothing short of disastrous. He seems so badly miscast that the casting has to be ranked as one of the worst in film history. It is unfortunate that so talented an actor is stuffed into a role which not befitting his talents. The movie is worth one look despite being a half spy and half gangster film and despite containing a parade of stereotyped characters. It's easy to forget this one amnesia is not necessary.
critique8719 Don't pick this one. ****Spoiler Alert***** The plot of this aggravatingly bad movie is four friends are talked into taking the shuttle from the airport by a very zealous driver. On the shuttle with them is a rather milquetoast looking business type. <br /><br />Shortly into their trip the driver of the shuttle takes an off-ramp and some lunatic driver tries to run them off the road. The end result is they get a flat tire. The driver gets one of the people on the shuttle to help change the tire and the jack slips and the guys fingers are crushed between the tire and the shuttle. It's at this point that the driver reveals himself to be a kidnapper and he has taken all the people hostage. <br /><br />Now the movie gets extremely slow and tedious as the characters do one lame thing after another. One of the men is killed trying to escape -- even that lacks any suspense. Finally it is revealed that the milquetoast business guy is in cahoots with the driver when milquetoast guy kills the other male friend by slitting his throat. <br /><br />There are a couple of attempts to escape by the women. Milquetoast is beaten over the head with a tire iron -- yet he survives. <br /><br />The driver is also beaten and somehow survived a head on collision with a fence at high speed while kneeling next to the steering wheel. Somehow he didn't go through the window or even get seriously injured with a collision with windshield. Yet the woman driving the shuttle is knocked unconscious -- yet she had a steering wheel to protect her and he had nothing between him and the windshield.<br /><br />He is eventually able to subdue the women and get them to an underground garage that is a front for human trafficking. One of the women is killed. The other one stabs the driver in the leg with a good sized piece of broken mirror and shoots/grazes him in the head yet he is able (in what should be a severely weakened state -- severe blood loss two head injuries and a large leg gash) to drag her out of the shuttle drag her to a large crate throw her in and get it locked all the while with her fiercely fighting him.<br /><br />Now some people admire the message of the movie about human trafficking and how it is going on today. This is a serious problem. But making an extremely boring movie about the topic does not entitle it to a higher rating.
critique8720 History teacher Mrs Tingle seems to have it in for student Leigh Ann Watson who has her heart on achieving a writing school scholarship. She receives another low grade from Tingle which doesn't help. When one of her classmates Luke steals the paper of the final history exams and pops it in her bag Mrs. Tingle finds it sticking out. She threatens the three that she will go to the principal about it but he's not available. So before she reports it the next morning. Leigh her friend Jo Lynn and Scott head to her place that night and try to convince her not tell the principal. However due to Tingle's stubbornness that find themselves reverting to drastic measures to stop this getting out.<br /><br />Wasn't fan of it when I first saw it and after another viewing I'm still not one. Writer Kevin Williamson was on a roll after penning the successful contemporary teen horror films; 'Scream (1996)' 'I Know What You did Last Summer (1997)' 'Scream 2 (1997)' and 'The Faculty (1998)'. He was riding the success (also not to forget the TV show 'Dawson's Creek) but this project would be the final bump. The difference there compared with this entry was other then writing the screenplay he was also making his debut in directing. The strange thing though was that I found his direction to be competently done but material he stormed up to flavourless and tired. It seemed to get caught in playing both a black comedy and straight-out thriller without making it gel. The script is cluttered with quick-wit on-going gags trivial stretches and gimmicky references towards other films but the problem is that it's too watered-down with so many contrived developments and sappy moral currents disrupting the flow. The fractured script had to be more strong and potent since it's a small-scale production that feels like you're watching a stage show because of its mostly confined sets. It tries to play mind games with the characters but these moments are there to only serve the story's poor progression into a puddle of stupidity and senselessness. The film's ending takes the cake. Williamson's polished direction is sound but more so in a pedestrian way and therefore it lacks suspense and the pacing even with its taut surroundings can really plod on. You eventually feel it after the halfway mark and it shows up how minor the story is. The performances are tolerable enough although if it weren't for Helen Mirren's classy icy portrayal of manipulative prowess as Mrs. Tingle and a buoyant Marisa Coughlan we would have been stuck watching a vapid goody-to-shoes Katie Holmes. Barry Watson is modest in his slacker part and Molly Ringwald has a lesser role. The soundtrack packs enough energy but I found it terribly overwrought and shapeless in its choices.<br /><br />Watchable but mechanical all round.
critique8721 I thought the movie was a poor documentary. Nothing of substance was discussed. It seemed to cheapen the ideas and did not provide anything new. The film lacked wonder or romance or anything that would really drive one to science. Most scientists appeared "stereotyped" and sometimes weird. A woman said that her awards didn't matter a whole lot only children that were helped. She said that after a 10 minute scene where she explained all her awards. Playing "humble scientist" are we? "I have equations dancing in my head" another said. I don't see how that explains anything to us. It hasn't covered significant effects of science on our culture. Politics of science were barely touched.<br /><br />Not a bad flick for a 10-14 year-olds. Other than that I felt it was boring and unrevealing.<br /><br />4/10
critique8722 Sappy.<br /><br />I liked how they went to the "Haaavaad baaa" to quote books at each other to impress the ugliest girl there.<br /><br />Probably the janitor at my school is a genius too but is waiting to land that big construction job.<br /><br />Just because you keep your nose to the grindstone is no reason to try to cut a steak with it. "Do you like apples?"<br /><br />the guy nods or something.<br /><br />"Well how'd ya like DEM APPLES!" Wow that IS genius.<br /><br />Duh Minnie Driver would give her number to anybody. Robin Williams can't paint and keeps the good books on the top shelf. And there's a professor who always wears a priest scarf for no reason.
critique8723 Idiots go camping and act like idiots before they finally die like idiots yes Camp Blood (or if you're wanting an awful badder than bad pun that suits a badder than bad film "Camp Bloody awful") is so bad it's actually quite depressing to watch. And it has all the ingredients to be a perfectly bad film... <br /><br />Awful acting-check. Bad script-check. Tacky effects-check no originality whatsoever-double check. <br /><br />It doesn't even attempt to be different and is riddled with every predicted clichÃƒÂ© imaginable. For example the film opens to a couple having sex in the woods so of course they end up dead. <br /><br />One of the most disturbing things is that this film actually spawned two sequels how and why only baffles the mind. <br /><br />Just stay away from this one.
critique8724 Ostensibly this is a Z-grade DTV horror film.<br /><br />But with lines like :<br /><br />"It's easy to die I have many times"<br /><br />and<br /><br />"Why are you reading that book ?" "Because it makes the plot more interesting"<br /><br />and<br /><br />"You made your way in here now you can make your way out again !" (after he leads a man into the basement)<br /><br />(and take a listen to what they chant)<br /><br />- it's not that clear what this film made in the era known for post-structuralism is actually about or whether its just bad film-making. The acting is atrocious but some actors I know so are they hamming it up ?<br /><br />An old house cut obviously with a contemporary dwelling is the site of murders. A (bad) film is made in the grounds and the story replays again.
critique8725 WARNING:I advise anyone who has not seen the film yet to not read this comment.<br /><br />When I first started to watch this movie my expectations were it was a vampire movie that is going to be awesome considering how Rodriguez and Tarantino both helped make the film. I began about 15 minutes into it and already my hopes for this movie were down the drain which shocked me. First the story it was going with was not at all appealing in anyway possible and just flat out boring and uncompelling to the point where I just wanted to turn it off. I was getting more frustrated with this movie as it dragged on but I guess I had hopes that it would get better.... then when it finally showed vampires it BLEW MY MIND in a VERY bad way. I thought"Okay this movie started with some backwash horrible story about these two criminals then VERY slowly turned into some vampire movie which I thought it was going to be from the beginning in like the last 30 minutes?" To add on to that they try to make the main characters all cool and awesome and mean around the end when they're just not; A bunny would've been more intimidating than these characters! This movie is a horrible piece of crap!!! From Dusk Till dawn disgraced me and left a terrible taste in my mouth disheartening thoughts in my head and left my body unable to move from the horrible shock that I just wasted 108 minutes of my life away on a horrendous film. I do not understand how George Clooney Quentin Tarintino Cheech Marin and Danny Trejo all being the good and honorable actors that they are could take part in this useless filth. In my opinion From Dusk Till Dawn is one of the worst movies ever made that I have suffered my eyes on. Do not see it you'll be doing yourelf a GREAT favor...
critique8726 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique8727 What's in here ?! Let me tell you. It's the presence of (Alec Baldwin). He's not a great actor but maybe a nice star with some good movies which this is not one of them. He did nothing here more than anything he did before or after. So not to mention (literally !) the matter of (Steve McQueen) being at the same role in the original because I don't want to make that comparison in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan of (Kim Basinger) she got a lot of bad movies on her and even at her best she looks average ! And it gets on my nerve indeed whenever they talk about her seductive rare beauty !!?? Well if being a blond would make anyone captivating then I'll dye my hair in yellow as soon as possible ! And what is it with all the craziness over miss Basinger's Legs ??!! It's surely insanity or bad tasting ? As I don't see them both as not sexy only but UGLY too ! And if you hate that so shoot me down but you know what ?! I've just watched this movie so I'm dead already !. Yet what would make you really suffer in unbearable way is that nothing of the credits goes to the one she deserves the mostÃ‚Â…And of course I mean (Jennifer Tilly)..Now we're talking about a true genuine seductive chick with such unforgettable body and one unique sense of allurement like a nasty brunette (Marilyn Monroe) however much more healthier !! (I can't help it she was the only new and watchable thing in here !). (Michael Madsen) as the bad guy was much appealing as well as effective more than the good guys (James Woods) is here to summarize the early events beside the pool (so the trailer would be by his voice later !) and he knew before all that this is a whole Hollywood's stuff so "Do your thing take your cash and good luck as an actor in other movies !" the editing gave the movie a serious personality along with violent atmosphere done by suitable shining cinematography so the main goods of it (The action The thrill ..) are here and fairly well-made though any echo for deep meanings about (the kinds of betrayal) as the main dramatic motif of the whole thing is not that strong so don't wait for it. OK it's all in all another remake without anything special (Except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments !) so I think I tried to be objective as much as I could therefore I shouldn't end my review saying that (Basinger) or anyone here did better than this movie.. It would be an insult because frankly.. Anything is better than this movie!
critique8728 Witchy Hildegard Knef traps a group of people in an isolated hotel and picks them off one by one in twisted disgusting ways. I thought I'd seen it all until one unfortunate man here is crucified and then has his head set on fire. Hildy is quite the prankster too: she takes a nagging harpy and sews her mouth shut...then hangs her upside down in the chimney just in time for a roaring fire! "Witchery" made me sick. It made my eyes hurt. I was ready to write it off as the worst movie ever-ever-ever made by otherwise competent people...until the finale. I have to admit I loved the ending. It involves a boy and his toy tape-recorder cornered by Linda Blair looking fantastically possessed. The scene only lasts for about a minute and the movie's over but you know that old saying: "If you've got a great ending people will forgive you for just about anything!"
critique8729 <br /><br />Summary: Not worth the film<br /><br />As an avid Gone With the Wind fan I was disappointed to watch the original movie and see that they had left out many important characters. Luckily the film on its own was a wonderful piece. When the book Scarlett came out I read it in hopes of following two of my favorite literary characters farther on their journey together. While the book lacks any true quality it remains a good story and as long as I was able to separate it from the original was and still is enjoyable. However I consider the six hours I spent watching the "Scarlett" miniseries to be some of the worst-spent hours of my life. Discrediting any of the original character traits so well-formed in Margaret Mitchell's book this series also turned the story of the sequel into one of rape mistrust murder and misformed relationships that even the book Scarlett stayed away from. The casting for many of the characters refused to examine the traits that had been so well-formed in both the original novel and film and even carried through in the second book and again leaves out at least one incredibly crucial character. In the novel Scarlett O'Hara Butler follows her estranged husband Rhett Butler to Charleston under the guise of visiting extended family. After coming to an "arrangement" with Rhett she agrees to leave and proceeds to reconnect with her O'Hara relatives in Savannah. Eventually she accompanies her cousin Colum a passionate leader of the Fenian Brotherhood to Ireland to further explore her family's "roots that go deep" and is eventually named "The O'Hara" the head of the family. While her duties as The O'Hara keep her engaged in her town of Ballyhara Scarlett ventures out into the world of the English landowners and instantly becomes a sought-after guest at many of their parties. She having been scorned by Rhett time and time again eventually agrees to marry Luke the earl of Fenton until Rhett comes along in a clichÃƒÂ©d "night-on-white-horse" - type of a rescue. The "Scarlett" miniseries fails even to do this justice. Raped by her fiancÃƒÂ© and scorned by her family the series shows Scarlett thrown in jail after she is blamed for a murder her cousin committed.<br /><br />I heartily advise anyone considering spending their day watching this to rethink this decision.<br /><br />
critique8730 After I saw this I concluded that it was most likely a chick flick; afterward I found out that Keira's mother wrote the screenplay so that pretty much confirmed it. However a chick flick can have some appeal to men; this one does not and really seems not to appeal that well either to women (looking at the dismal box office receipts). One item that I believe both genders agree upon is the stupidity of the the scene in the movie whereby an analogy is made between the pain of childbirth to the pain of a limb being amputated w/o anesthesia. Though men do not undergo the pain of childbirth we understand that it is a painful process; yet it is a natural pain whereas an amputation certainly is not! Women understand this even better. I suspect some woman was trying to make a feminist statement that is in poor taste. In fact a lot of things in this movie are in very poor taste. Though movies nowadays are known for having poor taste this one really "excels" in that department. This could have been a good movie that shows the struggles of Dylan Thomas during WWII; and how strong the sentiment was against men who somehow managed to avoid serving in the military then. Keira's screen writing mother tries to show how this sentiment was used against Dylan but really muddles this. Instead we get a chick flick about how two young mothers bond together; sort of. In a way. Perhaps. Somehow. Of note is the fact that a soldier (the husband of the friend of Dylan's wife) is sent back home after serving in combat; yet it is unclear if the war has ended!! A lot of things about this movie are similarly unclear; and though I have stated that already I will do so again as it seems to be the central motif of this mess.
critique8731 I don't think I'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. I've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: "The Longest Day" "To Hell and Back" "Bridge on the River Kwai" (all black and white) which all have good plots rich characters and great acting. I've seen better dialog and acting in student-written high school one act plays. The plot however isn't a bad premise - just poorly implemented. It's kind of like a traffic accident though I couldn't seem to turn it off! A movie doesn't need big money or great sets i.e. "Twelve Angry Men" and "Lifeboat" to be good... so budget is no excuse. What were they thinking?
critique8732 Some moron who read or saw some reference to angels coming to Earth decided to disregard what he'd heard about the offspring of humans and angels being larger than normal humans. Reinventing them as mythical giants that were 40 feet tall is beyond ridiculous. There was some historical references to housing and furniture in parts of the world that were much larger than would be needed for standard humans. These were supposedly built on a scale that would lend itself to a 10 to 14 foot human somewhat supporting the "David and Goliath" tale from the bible. There is no mention in any historical references to buildings or artifacts that would support the idea of a 40 foot tall being. If I was rating this movie on my own scale it would have been a negative value instead of a one...
critique8733 Seriously I mean very seriously when I first started watching the show I thought it was good. But the plots just got worse. The storyline were either too boring or predictable. George isn't always funny he sometimes acts stupid. His jokes are overdone. His mom is the silliest character of the show. How can a mother treat her own son that way okay if it was the daughter in law but this was her own son. I give this show a 4/10 just because the first few shows were a little funny. The actors Constance Marie and Masiela Lusha do a great job. Don't know how these shows get to play for so long. <br /><br />If you're really bored like I was and have nothing else to watch I'd suggest you watch this.
critique8734 This show is like watching someone who is in training to someday host a show. There are some good comedy ideas and tons of mediocre ones. It doesn't look like the writers know the difference between what's funny and what's just weird or gross.<br /><br />It has its moments. When Spike hosed down a neighbor who had been letting her dog soil his lawn repeatedly it hit it's peak. But the hilarious moments are too few and there's too many experimental comedy bits that miss the mark.<br /><br />The show's better than say watching a test pattern or the QVC network but it needs some better writers.<br /><br />Reading the glowingly positive IMDb comments on this show I am convinced that most of them were written by show staffers and by relatives and personal friends of Spike.<br /><br />It just isn't very good most of the time.
critique8735 First of all the title "DAILY" is a LIE. <br /><br />Every "Daily Show" program opens with an on-screen visual of the date it was made followed by a pause and the opening announce. On the many days when they are RE-RUNNING a Daily Show they slip-cue the tape and OMIT the date and begin with the opening announce giving the false impression that the show is a new one. That's a lie. There is no mention of it being a rebroadcast. And that kind of crap is just a small indicator of how sneaky and deceptive this show is. <br /><br />Furthermore it's only on 4 nights a week. That's not quite "daily" - meaning Monday through Friday - another shortcoming but one I am grateful for.<br /><br />It's sad to think that many clueless young people use this fake news program as their main often only news source. This leaves them woefully ignorant and much worse - badly misinformed.<br /><br />Although it leans liberal-left politically this show can be amusing at times. However its veracity is low. Facts and information are often cleverly twisted to fit the writers' agendas. It's often hard to tell where the facts leave off and the fiction and comedy writing begin. The result is pre-digested reinterpreted information designed to persuade and influence. This is called "PROPAGANDA".<br /><br />The remote interviews are heavily kluged in editing.<br /><br />It really loses me when it bashes God and Christians - which it does all too often. However you'll never hear anything vaguely anti-Semitic.<br /><br />If Jon Stewart and company attacked anyone but Christians it would be considered an offensive outrage. The names in the credits explain the source.
critique8736 After seeing the movie I feel the father and the mother are both reasonable person although not perfect at all. On the contrary I don't like the author and his two sisters.<br /><br />Is a person's journal an accurate portrait of herself? No. Most of time people only write problems in her journal because she want to solve the problem. So a journal is always a more negative side of a person. In this movie the author judge his mother's life by her journal. Not a wise choice.<br /><br />The author's elder sister is so ugly external and internal. First she said her father's second marriage is "not fair" for her mother. Then she said she doesn't love her mother. So she don't love both father and mother. I doubt she love anybody in the world. Her face is so ugly just a reflection of her heart. Through out the movie I feel the author and his sisters are lack of love and respect to their parents. However I feel the father are mother are very loving to their children even the author try to portrait them as cold deceitful person.
critique8737 A very carelessly written film. Poor character and idea development. The silly plot and weak acting by just about the ensemble cast didn't help. Seriously watching this movie will NOT make you smile. It may make you retch.
critique8738 I wasn't impressed with the Graffiti Artist despite it's artsy (aka. low budget improvisation) appeal. There is little dialog and at least for me I was disappointed that it didn't give more credit or promote the work of guerrilla artists such as these. Instead it was a story that covers familiar territory. Two guys who basically do little more than tag buildings become friends tagging partners and eventually experiment with a relationship. They seem like opposites rather uncomfortable together. Little is explained about their backgrounds and the things between the two young men happen at rapid speed (although this I can understand because it's only 70 minutes or so). There's been countless numbers of similar plots and productions in recent years to the point that the sphere of independent film is starting to become just as saturated with this particular storytelling just as the mainstream has become saturated with this and more.<br /><br />Much of the film may bore the viewer who needs immediate dialog and purpose. The primary figure of this story (at least extensively) performs his routines with nearly no dialog no insight and nothing else to carry the viewer. And for a short film I wished they could've gotten to the point a lot faster. That aside from the typical plot annoyed me. Yet there was something about a momentary glimpse into the daily habits of at least two graffiti artists even if most of it was rather unoccupied time.<br /><br />Recommended if you're tired of the mainstream crap and don't mind an indie picture and have some interested into this underground urban art form. But you really have to watch it for yourself because this seems to be one with a more acquired taste. For more recent indie films centering on graffiti artists check out Transit.
critique8739 This movie was in one word terrible. It was boring predictable and downright creepy. I kept waiting for it to end and when it did I was horrified. The ending left a bad taste in my mouth to say the least. My advice to anyone interested in movies about budding female sexuality: stay away from this movie. Movies like this give classics like Lolita a bad name.
critique8740 What. Uh...<br /><br />This movie is so dissociative and messed up that I literally lost a bit of my sanity after it was over. I will never be the same person again. I'm trying to put my finger on what exactly is so completely insane about it... It's not just the hilarious techno music or the "outside of time" medieval/Blade Runner/wild west/Highlander setting or the weird CGI "Grendel" monster that looks like a man made out of animated sausages or even the "Grendel's mother" monster which looks like some Alabama table-dancer who grew claws and tentacles when she stayed in the tanning bed too long. All of those things are weird but what's really the strangest thing in this movie is the acting. I simply can't explain. This script is obviously hellishly silly but the actors exude deadly seriousness through it all. Lambert is always weird and usually kind of boring but for this one he's gone into Dolph Lundgrin territory: I can't help but just start laughing every time he talks.<br /><br />I will give this movie some credit for being completely scatter-brained and crazy as opposed to conservative and boring. I'll always take a bizarre disaster of a film over an utterly mediocre one.<br /><br />Warning: if you are planning on watching Christopher Lambert as Beowulf be prepared to spend several hours thereafter wandering the streets in some kind of nightmarish hyperactive-catatonic daze. It's true. When I was done with my Beowulf spirit journey I woke up in the middle of the Siberian tundra in a puddle of blood and milk. There was a dead wolf lying next to me and I later found I had a handful of human teeth in my shirt pocket. My VHS copy of Beowulf was sitting on a hastily-constructed stone altar nearby enshrined with candles and wilted flowers. The tape told me to walk. I rose and I walked.
critique8741 The potential was there. I saw Creep and thought 'Oooh this is getting interesting' several times. Yet somehow the interesting plot lines wound up unexplained or ignored like they never happened. The lead character was irritating throughout the movie and at one point my fella and I both shouted that we wanted her to die. There are some genuinely spooky/scary moments but these are grossly overshadowed by the moments that just annoyed the hell out of me. It's another one of those horror movies that crops up and intrigues you for a while but ultimately leaves you frustrated and a little confused about what the movie makers were trying to achieve.<br /><br />The one saving grace of this movie is the bad guy but when the baddie is more likable than the lead character you know you're on to a loser.
critique8742 Continuing in the string of "stalker/slasher" flicks in the vein of "Wolf Creek" "Hostel" "Joy Ride" etc. comes "Rest Stop." The most unoriginal and useless one of them all.<br /><br />We start reasonably promising with the violent death of a pretty young girl in a filthy restroom.<br /><br />This is where our interest is lost. We then move to the clichÃƒÂ© road trip couple on their way to LA with their eyes on acting stardom. . . which doing movies like this they'll never achieve.<br /><br />From the sexual romp in the park the couple drives arguing all the way to a deserted and disgusting rest area for the girl to use the bathroom. Harmless enough until she exits and finds her boyfriend missing and realizes she's being stalked by a lame version of "Joy Ride"'s Rusty Nail. . . only driving around in Mater from "Cars".<br /><br />Honestly if this had been directed/written/produced/acted by anyone else it might've been fairly good. But no.<br /><br />Because then comes the ghost story. Yup. . . you guessed it. Plenty of "oh i'll help you but wait you're dead" to "wait is this stalker a person monster or ghost?".<br /><br />But wait? Who comes to the rescue to save the girl's life and possibly the movie? That one Lawerence brother. Excellent. We're saved. (sarcasm) Oh wait no we're not.<br /><br />You know. . . if you want to laugh off a pretty bad or if you get free rentals like I do give it a try.<br /><br />If anything you'll learn how NOT to make a movie.<br /><br />-AP3-
critique8743 This is by far the worst film I have seen in my entire life. The acting is poor and the storyline is almost incomprehensible. Whether or not you like lightships or any ships for that matter is irrelevant. As for special effects the film has none. The whole film crew were probably on the boat out in rough seas rather than in a studio and when some of the men are "stabbed" (if you can even call it that) their reactions are totally unreal. The guns are more quiet than a mute. How this film could have one two awards puts serious questions to the state of the human mind. Well thats about it. This review is probably more fun to read than the film is to watch. If anyone is considering watching it or buying it I would seriously advise you against it for obvious reasons. I have said that it includes a spoiler. If the fact that some people get stabbed and a gun gets fired is a plot giveaway. I suppose it is because they are the only good parts of the film.
critique8744 This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Horrible actingNot funny at all and well just boring.<br /><br />I can only assume all these 10 out of 10 fav. all time movie comments are actually the actors themselves in disguise.<br /><br />Idk what the runtime on this movie is I'm sure its listed on this page It certainly felt like an eternity <br /><br />If your looking for a tough challengeattempt to sit through this awful movie.<br /><br />otherwise<br /><br />Don't waste your time as I did on this one
critique8745 This movie was pretty much a waste of an hour and a half of my time. I generally like the cheap horror monster type movies but this movie was a disappointment. The main flaw being the lack of explaining the creatures. When they entered the house and found the man he could have at lease explained them. He doesn't really say anything about them other than that they killed his parents and unless i missed something the didn't say how he managed to escape either... Not to mention the fact that it gives no clue or reason why the only survivor stays and essentially feeds the creatures after her own near death experience. It would have seemed that she would have had the opportunity to leave after the "cross incident".
critique8746 Death Machines takes a fairly decent premise for an action movie (unstoppable martial arts killing machines sent out to eliminate a crime boss' opponents) and turns it into an unwatchable mess. I have rarely seen such a breath taking combination of tiny budget bad acting and incoherent script released as a so-called "movie". It's easily the worst martial-arts/action oriented movie I've seen in years eclipsing even "Ninja Holocaust" (which at least had some good energetic fight scenes). <br /><br />The actual "star" of the movie is the white "Death Machine" (it's basically his vehicle) so he is featured prominently in many more scenes than his two cohorts. He's in good shape and he's not bad looking but as an actor he's barely there - think Chuck Norris in "The Octagon"only without any energy or emotion.This is obviously a deliberate choice on the part of the actor and director...but you have to be Arnold to pull this kind of thing off and this guy is no Arnold.<br /><br />The movie (and the director) can't seem to find the time (or the budget) to film the scenes that would have answered the basic questions that it originally posed like: Who was the shadowy figure giving the marbled-mouthed Asian lady her orders? How did the "gang war" end? Why did the mush-mouthed Asian lady decide to have her zombie assassins killed? And what the heck happened that left her assistant dead and her wielding a katana like a broom stick? <br /><br />It does however find the time to film a completely extraneous bar fight in which a sailor (well he looked like Popeye) destroys a bar because the juke box didn't work. It's only related to the rest of the film because in the process he also K.O.'s the movie's "hero" a bartender/karate student who was a victim of the "Death Machines" first major assignment (he got his hand chopped off while they were killing his teacher). It follows this up with one of the most un-called for "love scenes" between the hero and his girlfriend I have ever watched. The segue makes no sense - at the end of the bar-fight she's grimacing over his splayed limp body and the next thing they are in a "tasteful" shadow montage of sex and love that looks like it came from a Hallmark card. BTW we never see the sailor again. <br /><br />And wait until you see the showdown between the homicide detective and his captain - it plays as if the director and screenwriter never actually saw a movie scene placed inside a police station but had heard of them second hand and decided to include some without really knowing how they worked. <br /><br />The movie is a textbook case of poor casting and community theater-level actors floundering without decent direction. The three "Death Machines" come across as clods; the "hero" knows his lines but can't carry the movie given that his character is an ineffective wimp; his girlfriend is a charisma vacuum; and all the other minor parts are barely watchable. All this makes for a fairly poor movie- but the "dragon lady" does more to drag the movie into subterranean stinker territory than anyone or anything else. She looks ridiculous; her tiny inexpressive face is overpowered by her ton-o-hair skyscraper wig she wears her red silk dress like a bathrobe and she talks with a terrible mush-mouth delivery that screams "needed time with a dialog coach". Poor lady - she was obviously way out of her element and as far as I know never appeared in a film again. <br /><br />Add to this a low-budget one-synthesizer soundtrack that never shuts up and never plays anything appropriate or interesting; crappy film stock and lighting; fight choreography that is strictly from hunger; and a general all around dreariness and lack of energy in the blocking and the stage business...and you have one lame movie. <br /><br />I got this as part of a 50 movie DVD compilation so it probably cost me about 50 cents to watch it. It wasn't worth it. Feh!
critique8747 TV version of "Twister" springs a few leaks but manages to remain watchable. My sister bought this at a Wal-Mart a few years back when it was released I saw it back then and thought it was okay. Later "Twister" with Bill Pullman and Helen Hunt comes out (or was it before? I think it was '97) and did a better job overall. But "Twister" was more silly fun; this is realistic with a message. It all depends on what you want from a movie with twisters: Twisters or a low-budget character study?<br /><br />John Schneider and Devon Sawa (he's the reason my sister bought it) star and Devon Sawa who went on to "Wild America" "Final Destination" and "Slackers" got his big break here. So in a way I was one of the first people to see him really take off. I don't know if it's an honor or a shame I haven't seen how he acts in recent films.<br /><br />"Night of the Twisters" all depends on personal taste like I said it all depends on what you want from a movie with twisters: Twisters or a low-budget character study. "Night of the Twister" has the latter. So you decide.<br /><br />I give it a 2.5/5...<br /><br />- John Ulmer
critique8748 this western/musical/comedy is not one of the best of the genre i have seen.i found it much too slow.it just plodded along to the inevitable end.i also found it disjointed.i couldn't wait for it to be over.Randolph Scott is the headliner hereand Lloyd Bridges also stars.but for my money money Edgar Buchanan is the best of the bunch.Buchanan appeared in many westerns in his daymany times providing comic reliefas he does in this picture.i also liked Ann Dvorak as Rita.otherwisethoughi can't think of much to recommend this movie.the movie is based on a novel by Ernest Haycockwho also wrote the novel Stagecoachwhich was mad into a movie of the same name in 1939and remade in 1966 and again in 1986.The 1939 version of Stagecoachis in my mindone of the best movies ever made.anyway.as for Abilene townmy vote is a 3/10
critique8749 Laid up and drugged out as a kidney stone wended its merry way through my scarred urinary tract with absolutely nothing better to do than let the painkillers swoon me into semi-oblivion I happened to catch this movie on cable. I wouldn't want anyone to think that I paid to view it in a cinema or rented it or Ã‚Â– heaven forfend! Ã‚Â– that I watched it STRAIGHT.<br /><br />Having played this sensationally gruesome video game and avidly trod the doomed rooms and dread passageways of The House battling Chariot (Type 27) The Hanged Man (Type 041) and other impossible sentinels my curiosity was piqued as to how the game would transfer to the movie screen.<br /><br />It doesn't.<br /><br />The banal plot revolves around a group of "crazy kids" Ã‚Â– a la Scooby Doo Ã‚Â– attending a remote island for a world-shaking "rave" Ã‚Â– whatever that is. (You kids today with your hula-hoops and your mini-skirts and your Pat BooneÃ‚Â…) After bribing a boat captain thousands in cash to ferry them there (a stupidity which begs its own network of rhetoric) they find the "rave" deserted.<br /><br />Passing mention is made of a "house" Ã‚Â– presumably the titular House Of The Dead Ã‚Â– but most of the action takes place on fake outdoor sets and other locales divorced from any semblance of haunted residence.<br /><br />A fallen video camera acts as flashback filler showing the island in the throes of a Ã‚Â– party?! Is that it? Oh so this "rave" thingy is just a "party"? In the grand tradition of re-euphemizing "used cars" as "pre-owned" or "shell shock" as "post-traumatic stress disorder" the word "party" is now too square for you drug-addled silicone-implanted metrosexual jagoffs? <br /><br />It is learned that the party was broken up by rampaging zombies. Intelligent thought stops hereÃ‚Â…<br /><br />I don't think the pinheads who call themselves screenwriters and directors understand the mythos behind zombie re-animation. Zombies can't die Ã‚Â– they're already UN-DEAD. They do not bleed they know no pain. Unless their bodies are completely annihilated they will continue being animated. At least that's what my Jamaican witch priestess tells me.<br /><br />Which means that a .45 shot into their "hearts" is not going to stop them nor will a machete to the torso. And a shotgun blast to the chest will certainly NOT bring forth gouts of blood. At least in the video game's logic the shooter pumps so many rounds into each monster that it is completely decimated leaving a fetid mush that cannot re-animate itself.<br /><br />Yet each actor-slash-model gets their Matrix-circular-camera moment slaying zombies on all fronts with single bullets and karate chops to the sternum. Seriously these zombies are more ineffective than the Stormtroopers from "Return Of The Jedi" who get knocked out when Ewoks trip them.<br /><br />I suppose the film's writer Mark Altman having penned the not-too-shabby "Free Enterprise" felt compelled to insert a Captain Kirk reference in the character of Jurgen Prochnow who must have needed milk money desperately to have succumbed to appearing in this aromatic dung-swill. There is also a reference to Prochnow's primo role in the magnificent "Das Boot" when one of the untrained B-actors mentions that he "looks like a U-Boat Captain". ". I wonder how many of this movie's target audience of square-eyed swine picked up on ANY of the snide references to other films as when Prochnow declares "Say hello to my little friend" presaging his machine gun moment. <br /><br />Aimed at a demographic who have not the wherewithal to comprehend the Sisyphean futility of the video-game concept (i.e. the game ends when you die Ã‚Â– you cannot win) this is merely a slasher film for the mindless and mindless at heart. Accordingly everyone dies in due course except for a heterosexual pair of Attractive White People.<br /><br />A better use for this film's scant yet misused budget might have been to send the cast through Acting School although Ona Grauer's left breast did a good job as did her right breast Ã‚Â– and those slomo running scenes: priceless! I especially liked the final scene with Ona trying to act like she's been stabbed but looking like she's just eaten ice cream too fast.<br /><br />Attempting to do something more constructive with my time I pulled out my Digitally-Restored 35th Anniversary Special Edition Widescreen Anamorphic DVD of "Manos: The Hands Of Fate." Ah yes! Ã‚Â– the drugs were suitably brain-numbing - now HERE was some quality film-makingÃ‚Â…<br /><br />(Movie Maniacs visit: www.poffysmoviemania.com)
critique8750 How hard is it to write a watchable film with Vince Vaughn Paul Giamatti and Kevin Spacey? Apparently VERY difficult for the writers here.<br /><br />I still have no idea how Santa is younger and looks 20 years older than Vince (who plays the BIG brother). I must have missed that part of the story but in reality it really didn't matter. Many scenes seemed out of place and contrived; the kind of "funny notion" scenes that are drug out WAY too far to where any sense of comedy is lost.<br /><br />The director/producer tried to go "tear jerker" at the end which would have been suitable if ANYTHING leading up that point had been worth following.<br /><br />Ugh major disappointment. I can see how some people might enjoy this OK since many people will take any garbage they're fed but I would strongly encourage waiting for DVD on this one. NOT worth the $23978 it takes to get your family to the movies these days.
critique8751 I first saw this when it came out in the theater. Though only 13 at the time I was an avid reader of "hard science" science fiction stories. The technical gaffes of the film are burned into my memory.<br /><br />Some of the following may have significant spoilers.<br /><br />Even as a youngster I knew the premise is silly. The rocket takes off for a lunar mission in a cosmos where there is always a gravitational effect on the crew (though loose objects float as in zero gravity) and because of that the "cabin" (the area with the controls whatever they called it) was gyrostabalized to maintain the "correct" orientation (so that when they landed why didn't they land standing on their heads?) and where at least in near-earth space the rocket engines had to be running continually -- with propellant combusting away without an oxidizer. When the engines quit the rocket stopped _dead_ in space and couldn't start going until a PhD chemist determined it needed at a little oxidizer. This time the rocket recalled it had momentum and the next thing our heroes know they're near Mars (even a 13-year-old nerd knew such a minimum-energy trip would take over 200 days).<br /><br />They land find the air was breathable (though at the time scientific data revealed that the pressure even if the atmosphere were pure oxygen would be too low to do any good). They decide to camp outside the ship and even build a campfire. They come armed even though they were supposedly going to the Moon where firearms wouldn't be needed.<br /><br />They get a sight of a collapsed civilization encounter stray martians who look just like people develop an anti nuclear war philosophy and those who survive try to get back to the home planet and die in the attempt by crashing on the Earth! To do that would require such a long orbital period they'd have died of starvation long before approaching their destination.<br /><br />The film it preceded Destination Moon used real science most effectively (even though their "rescue" with the Oxygen Tank forgot about the moment arm from the tank's center of gravity to the output nozzle). This film showed woeful ignorance of even the most basic science. Only the most technologically illiterate should think of it as a science fiction film: it's on a par with the old Flash Gordon serials where their rocketships took off from their bellies and climbed in spirals and whose engines were always on.<br /><br />The story on this one I considered banal and I can recommend this only as a film to be shown to students for them to pick out technical gaffes.
critique8752 'Volcano' is a B-movie at best and at worst is more of a disaster that what it's supposed to be depicting. To be fair you have to be prepared in any movie to suspend disbelief for one major concept. 'Volcano' asks you to suspend disbelief in science human interaction and common sense.<br /><br />Tommy Lee Jones gets to be the studly-yet-1990s-sensitive head honcho of the Office of Emergency Management and he's fine when he's not stuck with the stupid dialogue the script provides. However Anne Heche gives a howlingly bad performance as a smart-ass geologist who becomes Roark's love interest (while the city is burning down natch). Gaby Hoffman goes from Field of Dreams and American President to a turn as a whimpering needy and victim-for-life daughter of Jones. Don Cheadle gets to sit in a really coooool office and take Jones's phone calls doing the job that in reality Roark would and should be doing.<br /><br />Anyway the movie really starts going downhill when Heche's geology partner gets sucked into a lava vent while they're breaking into the subway lines. It picks up speed when Jones starts suggesting that they use buses to dam the flow of the lava flowing down the street Heche's geologist (who loves to lecture everyone about The Science Of Geology) being apparently oblivious to the fact that lava is hot and it melts metal and rock and a dead bus is unlikely to have much effect. It really starts to suck when the film introduces Rodney King-like racial tension between two bad actors dressed as cops and an angry black man who can't understand why the fire department is busy with this large river of flowing lava. But hey in the end the three of them will be working together to build a K-rail dam to stop the lava from eating up his neighborhood even though the dam is built in the wrong direction and the material used wouldn't stop lava anyway. Besides K-rails are hardly watertight but I guess lava wouldn't think to poke its head through the gaps not when Tommy Lee Jones is glaring at it. Don't even get me started on the stranded-subway-car subplot where a tunnelful of hot lava is coming down but oddly enough it's not too hot to attempt a rescue it's not too smoky to see and there aren't any poisonous gases so everyone can breathe. This must be LA Lava or Lava Lite. You know it eats cars but is eco-friendly.<br /><br />There are moments of sheer camp here that almost make you wonder if this was meant to be a comedy. For instance the two security guards packing up Hieronymus Bosch paintings have a completely meaningless and farcical conversation about weight and at the end no sooner does the little boy Roark/Jones rescued note that everyone looks the same while covered in ash than a rainstorm breaks out and cleans everyone up -- and then the sun comes out and Heche says something along the lines of "aw shucks Roark".<br /><br />'Volcano' almost achieves Battlefield Earth status but except for Heche no one approaches Travolta-like badness and the technical aspects are handled pretty well. If you are from the LA area as I am it's kind of funny to think of a lava flow wiping out Wilshire Boulevard. I gave it a three for the effects and the little amount of tension you get from this.
critique8753 This film is not one of those films so bad you get annoyed and mad because it seems to be so up its own arse and yet it completely not funny. It's just that there is nothing of interest in this film. There are no real jokes that make you amused you just watch for 80 minutes then turn it off. I bought this on very budget DVD and I'm glad because it's not worth much. This isn't even one of those films that's so bad you can watch it with friends when getting drunk/high and have a good giggle. I didn't hate it like I hate some films but it is rather boring and not worth investing any time in.<br /><br />The only people who voted 10 on the votes for this film must have been connected to it somehow because I cannot imagine anyone actually liking this film other than small children passing time
critique8754 When I was 13 or so I was lucky enough to find this film. It was part of an endless Danish series of really cheesy stuff. This however was the cheesiest I ever owned - but I guess I sold it too bad. Well what to write... Better than "Manos: the hands of fate" and worse than "Critters 4". But it's definitely worth an hour and a half since this was made by people who wanted to make it. The acting isn't that terrible compared to several other eighties trash - in fact I kind of like the old man even though he did'NWT look that Indian to me. But I guess you can't have everything... Do yourselves a favour and look this up...
critique8755 Spreading panic from Broadway to Bombay 1957's The Giant Claw boasts perhaps the ultimate flying monster in movie history. Described by one terrified Quebecois witness as "La Carcagne Ã‚Â– she's de devil in de storm with de face of de wolf and de body of de woman with wings bigger than I can tell" it doesn't say much for Canadian women since when we finally see it in focus it's a cross between an overgrown buzzard a chickenhawk and Gonzo the Great. But this isn't just any old giant turkey Ã‚Â– impervious to rockets invisible to radar and with a taste for swallowing parachutists whole and pecking away at the United Nations Building it's an extraterrestrial giant turkey from an anti-matter galaxy millions of miles from Earth that's come here to build a nest: "No other explanation is possible." Luckily for humanity Jeff Morrow test pilot and "chief cook and bottle washer in a one-man birdwatching society" invents a weapon to disable its impenetrable shield so they can hit it with everything but the kitchen sink Ã‚Â– but don't worry: Morris Ankrum's general assures him "We've got kitchen sinks to spare son." Ã‚Â– just in time for a last-minute clinch with co-star Mara Corday. Some of the dialogue has dated rather unfortunately Ã‚Â– "I admire your spunk and you keep climbing on our backs whenever we've messed up" Ã‚Â– and strangely enough it's nowhere near as much fun as a film with a giant flying turkey should be but the beast itself is such a truly memorable creation for all the wrong reasons that it's hard to dislike even if you are liking it for all the wrong reasons. And full marks to the cast for delivering gem after gem of direlogue with a straight face: "Honest to Pete I'll never call my mother-in-law an old crow again!" "The only trouble is that the last time I talked to a chaplain there wasn't any telephone line to the one and only place where we can get the kind of help we need" and the immortal "There it is now attacking the United Nations Building!"
critique8756 For years Madonna has tried to prove not only herself but the public eye that she can act. Unfortunately trying too hard while failing to shed her own persona doesn't mix well.<br /><br />She seems to fare better when she's NOT the star of any movie: if you watch her in supporting performances in DESPERATELY SEEKING SUSAN (1985) or A LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN (1992) she actually comes off looking good. Since the story revolves on other actors the weight of the expectation is taken off her shoulders by default.<br /><br />The trouble starts when she is asked to be the star of a movie regardless the genre. Being the focus of a plot that needs to be told in a visual way whether it be good mediocre or plain awful she has to emote in ways that are akin to an actual movie performance as opposed to a video performance. This is the crucial difference between Madonna and let's say Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. The latter two even if the movie were to fail (because the visual storytelling lacked some effectiveness in having us relate to it or because the script fell short or because the actress per se was just not at her moment) there would be an extra something in their performances that would elevate the movie from being a complete bomb. Both Davis and Streep have had their share: Bette having a longer career than Streep in such fare as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there's been that naturalism in the way both attacked their roles that made us forget the banality of the movie and watch the performance.<br /><br />Madonna on the other hand not being an especially gifted actress capable of really letting us in on her ability to convey a persona other than herself fares much worse and even in the hands of someone as Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG (1992) an inferior classic she in her pat screen time seems stilted and a little stiff maybe even nervous as if she were aware of the cameras and crew and just couldn't let go.<br /><br />So here she tries yet once again to prove she can act in what is essentially a two-character movie. Guy Ritchie more known for action movies filled in masculine energy seems as adrift telling a story closer to someone of the likes of Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman who could tell a tale of two people with incredible ease. And at 89 minutes the events which take place happen in such an unconvincing way that when the final half hour comes along and the story takes a dramatic turn it doesn't feel sincere. From being an absolute witch with no redeeming values to suddenly being in love this has to be the most unconvincing 180 degree turn since Fay Dunaway's Laura suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in THE EYES OF LAURA MARS (1978). Equally unconvincing is Adriano Giannini's nasty turn around the middle of the movie -- it lacks any humor and feels genuinely psychopathic -- and when he gives in to Madonna's love it's too quick to be believed. Filming this in slow music and a visual montage of lovemaking and beautiful scenery doesn't enhance or add upon this "transformation" from what would have been a story of survival between to unlikeable characters to a love story where both discover each other.<br /><br />Trying to have an unsatisfying ending works against the movie as well -- it only makes it drag bog it down and when Madonna has to be filmed going from hope to devastation in a tight close-up it feels she's trying too hard. Many an actress have done better in conveying so much doing so little. Hers is a performance more suited to acting styles of the late 20s early 30s where posturing compensated as acting a part or an emotion.<br /><br />Could the movie have been better? Of course. There are a myriad of ways to have filmed it in a way that would leave the viewer feeling that these people could at least hope to see each other again -- it's been done before in OVERBOARD (1987) for example. It could have had an existential undertone in which two very different people have to rely on each other but not necessarily change (to ensure a moral tone). Much dialog and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been spared for a more "silent" film look -- as in PERSONA (1966). It could have even been something of a thriller providing that the Giannini character have a mean streak as Billy Zane had in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it would have been done as a sex farce it would have worked better for Madonna as the over the top uber-control freak getting her comeuppance. But with its mean streaked humor without at least a glimpse of her character having a softer side that hides behind a mask of bitchdom and without really defining Giannini's own character this becomes another misfire trying to look like a battle of the sexes.
critique8757 This week's surprise screening at GV turned out to be the horror movie The Nun (La Monja). Seriously I think that horror movies should try and come up with more imaginative titles even though the story's about the character as described in the title. Who knows soon we'll have spinoffs like The Monk The Priest and others belonging to various religious sects.<br /><br />The basic premise goes very simply that a ghoul dressed up in a Nun garb (so that it can lay claim to the title) goes around killing ex-convent girls. There seemed to be some sort of conspiracy involved as the daughter of one of the victims Eva (played by an eye candy Icelandic Anita Briem) goes on to discover with the help of a few good friends like a rip off of I Know What You Did Last Summer (mentioned also by the way).<br /><br />So as the body count increases it's a race against time for our emotionally scarred (aren't they always?) heroine to uncover the truth and save the day. Delving into the sins of the mothers the movie did the unthinkable that with a dream sequence as the introduction. I hate dream sequences as it's a pretty cheap technique if not done correctly and there are a couple of them in the movie.<br /><br />In part the movie played at times like Ju-On gone wrong with the plenty of Dark Water references and they could have retitled this Unholy Water for the circumstances and plot points in the movie. However there are plot holes abound so don't be looking into the storyline too deeply. You'd come to expect the standard textbook twists towards the end about the sadistic nun and sets which look like they can rival recent Thai horror movie Dorm.<br /><br />The acting's pretty forgettable with the cast speaking in perfect heavily accented English. And since most of them are pleasing to the eye the story must weave in a love scene in the middle of a witch-hunt. What gives? Hello got hantu still got mood ah? Then again the ghoul is a pretty cheap animated/SFX which has a built in AI of popping up every now and then in various fashion just to elicit screams from timid audiences. The characters also break every unwritten rule in the Do-Nots in horror lore so you know and expect their just desserts.<br /><br />Can you possibly enjoy this movie? Sure you can. Just ensure that you're watching it in a full house (should be easy since local folks are suckers for anything remotely horrific) and laugh at those who are so jumpy they scream at every "frightening" scene. It's pretty fun and adds to the atmosphere besides what's going on the screen. Surround sound doesn't even come close.<br /><br />Think of it as watching an episode of Scooby Doo without the wisecracks and it's a pity that the gory moments in the movie had to be censored for a PG rating. Those could possibly have been the best bits now left rotting on the censor's floor board.
critique8758 I was in such high hopes of seeing an adaptation of a classic story like the Arabian Nights. Instead i was disappointed in a film that failed to keep my attention from the very beginning even though i tried watching it twice!! <br /><br />It was a bonus that Caradine was in this movie but it didn't amount to much as the actors lacked likability. For something a little similar Zorro with Anthony Hopkins and Bandaras is much better for action comic moments and overall enjoyability.<br /><br />OK so Son of the Dragon has many possible fans out there but if your looking for something to wow about in terms of martial arts and plot line you wont get it. If you just want the kids to settle down on a Sunday afternoon then maybe this it for you along with the 3 ninjas.
critique8759 I really can't understand how could someone give this disgusting film more than 1 star... How can you like such a retarded film where all the animal abuse scenes are real? I don't even want to imagine the excruciating pain those innocent and defenseless living beings felt in those horrific moments... Jesus... What kind of ''human'' would torture them like that for no reason or just for money? I tell you that director is either mentally retarded or he's just a monster with a ''heart'' of stone. Or both. He truly deserves to get his hands cut off and burn alive.<br /><br />It contains various horribly barbaric scenes that may cause shock especially to sensitive persons and children: a real frog is skinned alive fish are sadistically mutilated and thrown back into the water a dog is beaten birds are thrown into the water...<br /><br />This movie is more than awful; it has to be the worst and most retarded film ever made along with another one called ''Cannibal Holocaust'' or something like that. I'll never watch or buy any film directed by this heartless monster. No one should waste their time watching it especially when there are a lot of TRULY great movies out there in which all the animal abuse scenes are staged.<br /><br />Fortunately only a few people liked this - which is natural since it's the worst film ever - so it wasn't successful. I hope this will make the retarded director realize that such unjustified barbaric acts of extreme cruelty and violence to REAL animals will NEVER be praised and that he will stage all the animal abuse scenes in his following films. I truly believe that everyone receives but what they give! There will be a day when all the retarded and cruel ''humans'' will feel the same pain they once inflicted to others.<br /><br />This however is probably my only ''negative'' review. I usually don't comment on a movie if I dislike it but this time I just couldn't shut up. I had to speak the truth because animal abuse must stop!
critique8760 Don't get me wrong. I really love the "arena-martial arts genre" and I get more and more surprised over how many films like this there are out there. This one is one of those and it's not even close to be one of the best. With Mathias Hues in it I thought it would be good. He can't save this movie though and to be honest he wasn't very good either. Just don't pay attention to what other people say; The fighting scenes in this movie are NOT good at all. I really know what I'm talking about since I have seen so many movies like this. There are also a bunch of scenes that have absolutely nothing to do with the plot whatsoever. I guess they added these only to make the movie last a little bit longer in addition to manifest the bad guy asuuuuuuh.......bad (like we didn't know that already).
critique8761 This movie had lots of potential beautiful women cute guys a beach beer a hot tub a mansion on the beach a swimming pool a sexy maid who hates her job and really nice cars. However the movie had one thing that doomed it to failure... a full length script and a bunch of sexy women who want to give acting a try because they think it would be a cool idea.<br /><br />Let's put it this way...<br /><br />If you find yourself at a party and you have a choice between watching this movie or a childs potty training video from the 70s choose the potty training video.
critique8762 Maiden Voyage is just that. I'd like to say straight away that I watched 5mins of this before I just couldn't stand it anymore. As already stated in another comment this film doesn't fall into the whole "so bad it's good" thing it's just bad. The acting is awful the sfx are poor and the story is bland and stupid. Even the extras suck the "bag guy guards" and such appear to hold their weapons like water pistols.<br /><br />Don't even bother watching this film the only thing special about it is that no matter how low your expectations are you will still be disappointed.
critique8763 SPOILERS FOLLOW - and I haven't even seen it.<br /><br />Let me guess... the murder is related to the evil property developer wanting to develop the riverside and Dickens was murdered because he was trying to uncover a similar dastardly plot. If anybody who's seen it could let me know if I'm half right you'll have saved me the time it might take to watch something worthwhile and the rest of us will know to steer clear of both this film and its enthusiastic reviewers. On the other hand it *sounds* intriguing; but if it was any good would it *really* be given away with a Sunday rag? And what sort of track record does Foley have anyway?<br /><br />...So as a public service I managed to sit through it. It's worse than 'Swept Away'. Really. I've read stories by eight-year-olds with more drama than this. Truly awful. And I was half right.
critique8764 Redundant everlasting shots useless shots useless scenes are what you will find in this film. In other words it seemed technically poor to me. The musical bits are amateurishly directed (no synchronization in the would-be dancing badly post-synchronized bad and obvious improvisation of the actors from time to time etc). <br /><br />The film is long and boring. Eventually it makes few point and even less sense. <br /><br />There are some good ideas though. Some of the comic elements are actually efficient especially the opening scene. However the film gets worse and worse so that it is completely unbearable and impossible to understand by the end. <br /><br />The trailer I saw was very dynamic that is not true for the film. That is to say the discrepancy between the trailer and the actual film is something very close to a rip off.
critique8765 AKA <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 3 x 1.78:1 within 2.39:1 frame (Triptych) <br /><br />Sound format: Dolby Digital<br /><br />1978: A working class teenager (Matthew Leitch) assumes a false identity and gatecrashes high society where he learns harsh lessons about the divisions between Rich and Poor.<br /><br />Autobiographical feature by director Duncan Roy (JACKSON: MY LIFE... YOUR FAULT) an exposÃƒÂ© of the pre-Thatcherite aristocracy as seen through the eyes of a low-rent 'commoner' whose world view is transformed by his adventures amongst the Upper Classes. Unfortunately Roy's screenplay says very little we didn't already know about the excesses of the idle rich and the narrative is only briefly ignited by Leitch's relationship with a handsome but self-destructive rent boy (Peter Youngblood Hills) who turns out to be no less hypocritical than the very people he seeks to emulate. Also starring Diana Quick (as an outrageous snob who believes working class people are "embarrassed to be alive"!) Bill Nighy as the black sheep of a wealthy family Lindsay Coulson ("EastEnders") Blake Ritson (DIFFERENT FOR GIRLS) and Georgina Hale in a typically flamboyant cameo flashing her boobs at all and sundry without a care in the world! <br /><br />Unfortunately much of the film's impact is diluted by Roy's insistence on using a Triptych effect (three separate 1.78:1 images are letterboxed within the 2.39:1 frame each one providing a different viewpoint of individual scenes) which shrinks the image and distances viewers from events on-screen. A long pointless film too personal for wide appeal and hampered throughout by a cinematic process which fails to reconcile the story at hand. A single-image version is also available (framed theatrically at 1.85:1) with the on-screen title AKA: LIES ARE LIKE WISHES.
critique8766 For me reviewing movies is an extension of my love of film--and of horror cinema in particular. The reviews I've written thus far have been for films that I love respect and admire and I have eagerly rewarded them with glowing accolades and perfect-ten ratings. A life-long horror movie fan it is a tremendous pleasure for me to be able to share with others my thoughts and ideas about great horror films and to hopefully have a hand in exposing people to movies they may not otherwise seek out. I only recently began reviewing films for the IMDB and it was my initial intention to concentrate only on my own personal favorites examining those which I believe are of substance and of lasting value to the horror genre. However the existence of films like "Graduation Day" is without pun a thorn in my side. Completely devoid of any merit whatsoever this 1981 hodgepodge of unformed ideas is amateurishly directed poorly acted and in every sense an unmitigated embarrassment to horror cinema. During the brief couple of years before and after this movie's release we saw the appearance of domestic (and Canadian) films such as "Halloween II" "Prom Night" "Terror Train" "Madman" "My Bloody Valentine" "The Prowler" "Just Before Dawn" "Final Exam" and "Hell Night" among others. These films though of varying degrees of quality clearly strove to achieve something in terms of story line plotting acting direction and overall tone. Not every movie released during this bountiful season of the Slasher Era would be of the artistic merit or commercial success of the original "Halloween" or "Friday the 13th" but these films were all well-made and clearly contributed to the ongoing development of horror cinema. "Graduation Day" an abysmal farce about a masked killer stalking members of a high school track team was directed by Herb Freed whom one can only hope will never again attempt to besmirch the horror genre with such a travesty. The task of creating worthwhile horror films is best left to those who have a genuine love and respect for the genre. This movie fails miserably on every possible level not the least of which are dreadfully wooden performances dime-store special effects an irritating musical score and most of all a story lacking even the slightest hint of tension or suspense. A pointless exercise in how to waste film "Graduation Day" is an utter disgrace to horror cinema.
critique8767 Let me tell you something...this movie exceeds all of the Troma laugh and gore movies hands down as it ACTUALLY TRIES TO COME ACROSS AS A SERIOUS MOVIE. From the terrible acting... "I knew it I knew she was possessed!"...to the priest accepting sexual favors and getting into showers with naked teenagers...this piece of dung takes the cake. I am at a loss trying to compare this to another movie equally as bad. This may just be in a class all its own. The kicker is that supposedly some Cardinal oversaw production to make sure it was true to the actual situation. I did not know that people from Backwoods USA act like utter imbeciles. I am not sure if I am upset for renting it or have stumbled across a jewel of comedy. This was a very guilty pleasure...so awful that I watched with hands over my eyes half the time (while I wasn't laughing so hard I was crying). The ending simply made no sense whatsoever pulling the whole thing together perfectly. If you want to watch something so awful its funny here is your movie. If you want a scary movie on exorcism....move on.
critique8768 Clint Eastwood is Bronco Billy the leader of a Wild West troupe one of six regular misfits who comprise a struggling-to-break-even touring show. The seventh member of the bunch is a woman Billy's assistant but such women never last long and the position is chronically open. Enter Antoinette Lilly (Sandra Locke Ã‚Â– Eastwood's girlfriend at the time). It seems Miss Lilly as Doc (Scatman Crothers) calls her is a would-be heiress who will only receive her long-deceased father's estate if she's married by the time she turns 30 so on the eve of that birthday she gets hitched to the cartoonish Geoffrey Lewis.<br /><br />So what's the plot of this film? It's hard to say. There's the romantic tension between Billy and Miss Lilly but the problem is that for the first half of the movie she's so haughtily insipid and detestable that when she suddenly becomes 'one of the troupe' halfway through the film it's not only unbelievable but the audience is well past caring about her. There's the chronic lack of funds behind the Wild West show but this topic isn't touched upon enough to really be the raison d'etre of the film. There's Miss Lilly's predicament of being stranded in the rural west cut off from the funds that fuel her spoiled life of luxury (she's mistakenly believed to be dead by her family and the press). But are we really supposed to believe that she couldn't get back to New York and her waiting fortune if she gave it a bit of effort?<br /><br />No the point of this film seems to be that Billy is the leader of a family a lovable bunch of losers who hang together through thick and thin. This is a warm fuzzy film Ã‚Â– or at least tries to be. <br /><br />Along the way Clint shows us his skills with a gun even foiling a bank robbery in a shooting that is grotesquely out of place in an otherwise relatively non-violent film. One of the gang is arrested on an old draft evasion charge; Billy bribes the local sheriff. The show's tent burns down; an orphanage makes them a new one. But numerous mundane pitfalls do not a plot make.<br /><br />Compounding the problem is the acting or lack thereof. Aside from Scatman Crothers the supporting cast is quite amateurish. Eastwood isn't on top of his game either though he looks better simply by virtue of being surrounded by such a lackluster bunch.<br /><br />And for all this the film plods on for 116 minutes. To what point? Good question Ã‚Â… <br /><br />4 out of 10
critique8769 The back of the DVD for this movie raves "Chey is the Quentin Tarantino of Christian Films." This isn't so much an insult to Quentin as it is to Christian films. This film is poorly written stiffly acted and edited with a purposeless intensity. The scenes play out in a confusing and unrealistic way and are interspersed with some nice time-lapse photography. Flashbacks fades to grey freeze frames to tell the time (unimportant in the story) are all done with out any apparent reason other than to give the movie more cinematic credibility. The camera is haphazard some nice crane shots are cut with ridiculous montages that have no significance. Poor blocking and lighting leave the viewer wondering who is talking to who in many scenes. Oh and the audio is terrible. The special effects were decent and thankfully limited. But this is all just technical. The movie fails to engage on an emotional level. The dialogue is so fake sounding and the actors seem to have only read it a moment before the camera was rolling. The story... the things that happen in sequence have no motivation behind them. The characters are struggling to take hold of one dimensionality. And the characters have to make a stance on Christianity and faith in every single scene. Take a queue from M. Night engaging Christian films don't have to have the characters saying the name of Jesus Christ in every scene for the movie to be Christian. Goodness! Please don't try to show this to your unsaved friends with any expectations other than laughter.
critique8770 I usually spend almost as much time writing my reviews as I do watching the film but with Today You Die I feel that doing so would be a criminal waste of my time.<br /><br />So here is a five minute rant about how bad this film is.<br /><br />There was a time in the mid-80s when a single look from Steven Seagal was enough to crack your ribs; a full on scowl could knock you off your feet. If he actually got a hold of you he would snap you like a twig.<br /><br />These days although he is still capable of doing considerable damage he no longer looks the part. He's gone to seed and just doesn't know when to call it quits. He walks like he's dumped in his pants yet somehow still manages to look constipated and he has put on weight. His trademark long ponytail has gone but his hair still looks stupid. How this man keeps on working in the movie industry is beyond me.<br /><br />Today you Die is the usual Seagal mix of bone crunching fights car crashes gun battles and pyrotechnics. Seagal mumbles his way through the dull script delivering his lines with zero enthusiasm or believability. In this third-rate action flick he plays Harlan Banks a thief trying to go straight who is conned into partaking in a $20000000 robbery. He gets caught goes to jail escapes and seeks revenge. Yawn.<br /><br />There are some pretty good car chases and gun fights which intersperse the boring stuff (of which there is a lot) but reading other comments on IMDb has revealed that these were actually borrowed from other better movies. Seagal is also body-doubled an awful lot in this one.<br /><br />Seagal turns in one of the most dreadful performances of his careerÃ‚Â—and that's saying something considering the lousy 'acting' in some of his recent efforts. Most hilarious is his totally embarrassing attempt at Ebonics (African American street slang). 'I da man fo' sho'Ã‚Â—no actually Steven you sound like an arse! With a ridiculous script and plot lines that go nowhere this film is a waste of time money and effort. And the final moment where Harlan Banks saves a Children's home from closure is enough to make you blow chunks.<br /><br />Damn I just looked at the clock. I was enjoying trashing this steaming pile of dreck so much I went way over my five minutes. It's time to post this comment and get to watching something decent.
critique8771 Quite possibly the worst movie I've ever seen; I was ready to walk out after the first ten minutes. The only people laughing in the theater were the tweeners. Don't get me wrong I love silly stupid movies just as much as the next gal but the whole premise writing and humor stunk. It seemed to me that they were going for a "Napoleon Dynamite" feel - strange and random scenes which would lead to a cult audience. Instead it ended up being forced awkward and weird.<br /><br />The only bright light was Isla Fisher and I just felt utterly awful that she (and Sissy Spacek) had signed up for this horrible thing.<br /><br />Thank gosh I didn't pay for it.
critique8772 I had watched "The Eye" before I watched this one. I really liked "The eye" it was one of the best movies of the recent Asian horror-cinema. So I picked this "Bangkok haunted" because it was the same director and it was kind of popular round here. But man what a disappointment... "Bangkok haunted" are three stories about love revenge ghosts etc. that are no scary at all not even disturbing (as "The eye" was)... no nothing. I can't even fill the 10 lines required for the comment... <br /><br />100% boring.<br /><br />*My rate: 2/10
critique8773 This is by far the most repulsive and atrocious version of The Scarlet Pimpernel ever to be devised. As a Pimpernel fan I was sincerely offended by what they did to the characters--but this atrocity is not worth watching even if you aren't familiar with the story.<br /><br />Percy Blakeney for example would never stab people in the back just to get down a hallway. Chauvelin would never have a string of women in his bed. Marguerite never had an affair with Chauvelin nor Armand with Minette whoever the heck she is. Chauvelin would not randomly shoot Tony in the head. Chauvelin's name is not nor has it ever been Paul. They have completely eradicated any reference to the Pimpernel's disguises replacing them instead with James Bond-esque gadgets and gizmos.<br /><br />As to the film itself... The makeup is horrifying. The women look like clowns. Elizabeth McGovern's beauty mark wanders around her face at random. The poor pitiable actors have no script to work with so it's not really their fault that their characters are as thin as wet tissue paper. The dialogue... oh the dialogue. The dialogue is unbearable. And whoever is responsible for all those little captions at the bottom of the screen should be forced to watch this movie as penance. (I counted 13 location captions in the first half-hour before I gave up. As if we can't figure out that the body of water between England and France is the English Channel.)<br /><br />The film--if I can bring myself to call it that since it's really just videotape with a filter--is absolutely without redeeming value. Do not waste your time and brain cells on this rancid drivel--instead go watch the 1982 Anthony Andrews/Jane Seymour version or the 1934 Leslie Howard film or indeed ANYTHING but this one.
critique8774 I tried to like this movie. I love Kevin Spacey and I knew the other guy from his role as "Big Brain on" Brad in Pulp Fiction. But I just didn't care about the characters at all. Kevin Spacey is a prick through the whole movie and even finding out some horrible things that happened to him I didn't like him. Especially the ending---that made me hate him even more. This was like watching a bad car wreck. Spacey played a prick well (he does it all well) but other than that I don't recommend it.
critique8775 While traveling with a team of misses for the dispute of the Miss Galaxy the airplane piloted by Maximus Powers (Eric Roberts) and Mike Saunders (Charlie Schlatter) crashes in an isolated where lays Noah's Ark protected by the Jurassic Pork. While the group fight to survive alien apes plot to use the ark to destroy the human race and dominate planet Earth.<br /><br />I like parodies but "Miss Castaway" is an offense to human brains. The awful story and the special effects are very but really very bad. There are spoofs with "Lost" "Castaway" "Jurassic Park" "Sixth Sense" "Titanic" "Planet of the Apes" "Raiders of the Lost Ark" "Congo" "MIB" "Perfect Storm" "Austin Powers" "Jaws" "Mission Impossible" "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" "Star Wars" and "Hulk" but the problem is that most of them are very silly and not funny. In the end the trailer is better than the film. My vote is four.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "MissÃƒÂ£o Quase ImpossÃƒÂ­vel" ("Mission Almost Impossible")
critique8776 I saw this movie as a very young girl (I'm 27 now) and it scared me witless for years. I had nightmares about every aspect of this film from the way it was drawn to the music to (obviously) the violence. My parents still argue about who allowed me to watch it and both of them say that they would never let me watch such a movie. I think they only say that knowing that I have such strong feelings about it ;0) I am currently reading the book (out of morbid curiosity and the fact that it's a classic) and it is really a great story. However I don't think that it should have been made into a cartoon. Ever. Well maybe kids nowadays would find it quaint but it gave me nightmares for weeks and weeks and I still have a hard time seeing rabbits drawn in a similar way. Gives me a little heart palpitation every time. Yah I am a wuss but I strongly suggest that any parent looking to show this movie to their kids read them the book instead or watch it first to make certain that they approve of the content. Not everyone finds it as disturbing as I did but we are out there ;0)
critique8777 Doc Savage: The Man of Bronze is a horrible movie. Poorly scripted over-acted and just plain silly. That being said... it is actually an enjoyable movie on some level. This movie begs to be watched in a group with an ample supply of cheap beer. It's one of those movies like "Santa Claus conquers the Martians" or "Yor the Hunter from the Future"... so bad it is almost good. If you have the right group of people this movie is a blast to watch. It's campy. It's fun. It has a theme by Sousa. If you're looking for a good movie though look elsewhere. 3/10.<br /><br />BTW I've heard rumors some studio is exploring the possibility of a remake...
critique8778 This movie certainly proves that also the good Americans can do terribly good propaganda. No questions being asked no comments being made on power abuse or police terror when James Stewart solid and convincing as always solves all the stories from Dillinger to 5th Column more or less singlehandedly. June Allyson as his regular love interest holds up the family values and E.J. Hoover is executive producer.And children or non guilty bystanders are never harmed when the professionals execute. Not to speak of civil rights which are never broken or homes which are never intruded. And if the FBI service would not be enough Steward also gives his son's life for the country in WW II. Perfectly made if you wouldn't know better....
critique8779 Hell to Pay was a disappointment. It did not have anywhere near the substance of a B Western movie and should in no way be compared to a fantastic movie like Silverado. The dialog was dull the plot was torpid the soundtrack was overbearingly unnecessary and the acting was awful. Even the professionals could've taken some lessons from the Sunset Carson School of Acting. The only positive thing about this movie is that it showcased some of the top Cowboy shooters in the nation but you can see them in a better light in any SASS video. The packaging of this feature makes it very enticing and the preview is decent but it's all over after that.
critique8780 This movie is about 3 stories put together revolving around 3 separate individuals. One of the worst movie that is available and even better if it is not available.<br /><br />The Good : 2 pretty lesbians actress 1 true and touching story about Theresa Chan<br /><br />The Bad :The main story that revolves around the blind and dear woman Theresa Chan does not need to be told in a movie format and more appropriate in a documentary format. No linkage between the 3 story lines. Minimum DIALOGUE in the film substituted by SMSs and CHAT programs on PC. No cultural insight by the movie and it makes you forget even before you step out of the cinema.
critique8781 In this strangely-lackadaisical apocalypse the world suffers from a dual plague of zombies and vampires but no one seems to be too worried about it in this Grade-Z film which bares less resemblance to Sheridan Le Fanu's famous short novel than my mother's lasagna recipe. Bored attendants still run gas stations and doctors still make house calls and helpful police officers still show up with radiator fluid just when you need it. The plot and I use that term loosely involves a father and a daughter trying to rendevous with "the general" whose daughter is missing at a church to kill a vampire who very conveniently happens to be traveling with the father and daughter. I must confess that a moment or two of genuine humor can be found between vast stretches of unintentional humor. The film also boasts just enough nudity to keep a boy of fourteen interested. Anyone older beware.
critique8782 I know that in this episode there's other stuff apart from what I am going to discuss and in fact I think it has some virtues; for example the fact after we had been given a very negative opinion of Jin from seeing Sun's flashbacks in "House of the Rising Sun" we get to see Jin's side of things and get a new more balanced understanding of his life.<br /><br />But there is an element in this story that made me so deeply uncomfortable that it greatly dampened my enjoyment of the whole episode. Before now in the scene where Jin appeared with blood on his hands and shirt it had been hinted that Sun's father was someone who was getting rich through shady illegal methods. I thought maybe he was a mob boss even; mobs operate in Korea just like in almost every other country in the world so it was a reasonable possibility. However in this episode we learn that Sun's father is in fact the boss (or a top executive) of a Korean automotive company and that what Jin had been doing was physically attacking a government official (who was actually going to be murdered) on his behalf.<br /><br />I may be especially touchy about this because I happen to work in the automotive industry but I would say it is SPECTACULARLY offensive and racist to even suggest that this kind of thing goes on in Korea; that huge serious companies like Hyundai or Kia (which must be the model for this fictitious car company as they are the only ones that actually exist in reality) operate with these mafia-like methods instead of like any normal automotive company of the West. it is just unbelievable to me that the writers would have the gall to write something like that into the story and that there hasn't been an uproar in Korea over it. It feels like extraneous "Buy American!" propaganda portraying foreign car companies as criminal untrustworthy third-world outfits.
critique8783 As a helpful warning for others I believe "Skeleton Man" is actually worse than "Raptor Island." I have been using RI as an example of the worst original movie presented on the Sci-Fi channel but SM is the most laughably incoherent and wretchedly designed movie I have yet seen. Yes I did watch almost the whole thing coming into it about 35 minutes into it. It drew me in with its pure ineptitude. What was Sci-Fi thinking? Once Skeleton Man and the surviving platoon leader (or whatever he was--I'm not good on military unit terminology) reached the chemical plant the movie moved into a zone of impossible nonsense that was almost mesmerizing. I had the same idea as another viewer who wondered if more than one movie had someone been edited together to make one terrible whole.
critique8784 Considering the original film version of 'The Haunting" is in my top ten films of all time' I approached this adaption with trepidation. I was right to be cautious as this film is a poorly written and badly executed load of old tosh all those involved should be ashamed. the original was terrifying to me as a child for one reason! you see nothing. Robert Wise used innovative camera-work and superb lighting to generate fear and this is why it work's. The shame of the new version is that it relies on clever special effects and pyrotechnics to get from A to B sadder still is that the ingredients were there (actors such as Liam Neeson Catherine Zeta Jones) to do something different. This film should only watched as an example of studio butchery!
critique8785 Yes I know I'm one of the few people longing to trample this movie into the dust of oblivion.So let me me tell you why I feel this way. In truthhad it been advertized as a Zombie film or the likeI might have enjoyed it.But right nowI'm totally speechless.<br /><br />*SPOILER...Though I'm not sure what's to spoil* Let's start with the first HUGE flaw. If I did not know that the movie is called "Darkness - The VAMPIRE Version" and had I not seen some sequences where some individuals seem to be sucking blood I would not have seen the connection with Vampires. I mean FANGLESS???? Give me a break!!!<br /><br />Second bad point: what's with the Metal? It appears that all young people but mainly those so-called "vampires" are into various kinds of Metaljudging mainly by their shirts! Don't get me wrong I've been into the more extreme forms of music for almost 15 years but nobody 's going to scare me by showing me some ridiculous teenagers in Iron Maiden (of all bands!!!) T-shirts running aroundpretending to be Vampires! "Pathetic" is the only only word that I could use here.<br /><br />Third weakness: the actors. Wait a minute. WHAT actors?! You mean the director's wooden friends! Words would be a waste here.<br /><br />Yes alright the movie is very gory but what difference does that make? It WOULD have been a strong point and something to enjoy if the "briliant" director had not chosen to create an ARTIFICIAL vampire topic in this movie. I wanted to see Vampiresbut was treated to some stupid looking kids I would have loved to use my baseball bat on. The Film-makers should simply have advertized the movie saying "cheap B-grade horror with no plot but a lot of gore" !!!<br /><br />This movie is blasphemy against the whole concept of Vampirism. And it makes me sick.
critique8786 i rate this movie with 3 skulls only coz the girls knew how to scream this could've been a better movie if actors were better the twins were OK i believed they were evil but the eldest and youngest brother they sucked really bad it seemed like they were reading the scripts instead of acting them.... spoiler: if they're vampire's why do they freeze the blood? vampires can't drink frozen blood the sister in the movie says let's drink her while she is alive....but then when they're moving to another house they take on a cooler they're frozen blood. end of spoiler<br /><br />it was a huge waste of time and that made me mad coz i read all the reviews of how this movie was great how many awards this movie won and this movie was f****ing s**t!!!!
critique8787 It is a movie which sheds the light on the begging of the Palestinian struggle against the Israeli occupation of Palestine but it does not show the real feelings of the people back then and how they were tricked into believing that they could return to their home soon  it does not mention the massacres committed by the Jews like Der Yassine and how they tortured and killed and destroyed the family of any Palestinian freedom fighter it lacks the credibility about the real Palestinian struggle and about anything Palestinian  however it has something about the suffering of Palestinian citizens ending up as refugees in the nearby Arab countries  the movie focuses on the story of the man in coma he is now in the present time and through his story we see the film . The movie is just telling the life of one person and has some nudity scenes which are irrelevant to the story.
critique8788 This film is bad yes but had the producers used a REAL KANGAROO it would have killed the actor it was boxing with. I am an Australian and I have seen two seven foot tall male 'Roos fighting each other it is not a pretty sight as the object is for one or the other to kill it's opponent(this is there way of securing the herd of females) and there are incidents where someone has boxed a kangaroo and been injured or killed so when you see a kangaroo on TV or Film it is likely to be a female or Animated as it is a good idea not to injure actors (they might be annoyed at losing the ability to breath). There is a strange idea that Australian animals are cute and cuddly that is false many are dangerous (10 of the 12 most deadliest snakes live here)and most are just plain ugly (Koalas are as soft as steal wool). So if you come to Australia BE CAREFULL!!!
critique8789 When thinking of the revelation that the main character in "Bubble" comes to at films end I am reminded of last years "Machinist" with Christian Bale. The only difference between the two films is the literal physical weight of the characters.<br /><br />An understated yet entirely realistic portrayal of small town life. The title is cause for contemplation. Perhaps we the audience are the ones in the "Bubble" as we are given no payoffs in the films slim 90 minute running time. Audience reactions were often smug and judgmental clearly indicating how detached people can be from seeing any thread of humanity in characters so foreign to themselves. These characters are the ones people refer to as those that put George W. back in office for a second term.<br /><br />It's sobering to consider how reality television has spoiled our sense of reality when watching an audience jump to their feet for the exit as soon as the credits role. This film has it's merits and is deserving of consideration for the things it doesn't say outright.
critique8790 **Possible Spoilers**
critique8791 How many more of those fake "slice of life" movies need to be made? Hopefully not too many.<br /><br />Raising Victor Vargas is a very self-conscious attempt by the director Peter Solett at garnering the attention of Hollywood. Nothing wrong with that in general. What is wrong with this film in particular is that it ignores the audience and piles on every clichÃƒÂ© in the book of supposedly "edgy" Hollywood independent production.<br /><br />It's supposed to be "real" so left shake the camera "documentary style" except no documentarian would shake the camera on purpose...<br /><br />It's "edgy" so let's not waste any time lighting the film.<br /><br />It's "hip" so let's have the children use swear words like Al Pacino in Scarface...<br /><br />And so on and so forth. All that you are left with is a very self-conscious attempt at impressing Hollywood that won't impress anyone outside of the "rarefied" indie crowd that seems to still heap acclaim on every bad film.
critique8792 Supposedly a "social commentary" on racism and prison conditions in the rural South of the 1970's "Nightmare" is full of bad Southern stereotypes complete with phoney accents. Not only would it be offensive to the sensibilities of most American Southerners this tawdry piece of work comes off as just a thinly-disguised "babe in prison" movie--especially in its uncut original version. Nevertheless acting is generally above average and the late Chuck Connors in particular does a good job of making viewers hate him--even though he looks somewhat uncomfortable in several scenes. There's also a change-of-pace role for the late Robert Reed who appears as the lecherous warden and Tina Louise (previously Ginger of "Gilligan's Island") made a rather believable sadistic prison guard. My grade: D. <br /><br />
critique8793 I don't like using the word "awful" to describe any work of the cinema for which a great deal of time effort talent and money is spent in its creation but Zefferelli's attempt to adapt Charlotte BrontÃƒÂ«'s novel 'Jane Eyre' is a total waste of time.<br /><br />The script is lacking in finesse and power everything explained to the viewer in no uncertain terms leaving little to the imagination. The lead actors are woefully miscast clearly hired for their star names and the musical score drippy and dull. Charlotte Gainsbourg and William Hurt have absolutely no chemistry with one another at all. She is like a wet noodle worse even than Joan Fontaine who at least was capable of some modicum of emotional involvement in what should be a story of frustrated passion. And William Hurt acts the entire film on one tone and that tone is flat and devoid of energy. Of course the limp and vapid script does not aid any of these otherwise fine actors in their efforts to bring any whiff of life to this flick.<br /><br />Joan Plowright's Mrs Fairfax is like some Disney creation who keeps popping up to sweeten scenes in which she would have been best left out. <br /><br />There is no mystery surrounding the story of Rochester's first wife. The role of the would-be second wife played like a Barbie Doll by Elle MacPhearson is an empty cipher.<br /><br />Fiona Shaw a very great actress is completely wasted as Jane's Aunt Mrs Reed. She would have been better-cast as Mrs Fairfax. Only Amanda Root as Jane's beloved school teacher evokes any authentic sympathy or believability. <br /><br />I saw this version of 'Jane Eyre' after viewing Robert Young's for British television made in 1997 starring Ciaran Hinds Samantha Morgan and Gemma Jones. There is no comparison. Young's vital romantic and deeply moving version is like an exploding nova compared to Zefferelli's wet squib.<br /><br />I will be interested now to see the 1970 version with Timothy Dalton about which I've read some very good things on this web-site. I am amazed at how many people liked Zefferelli's Yorkshire picture book. <br /><br />About all I can say good about this film is that the house is beautiful and the cinematography vividly colored beyond that it is a complete dud.
critique8794 This foolish implausible tale is redeemed only by the opening scene in which a hard-boiled police detective delivers some nearly-audible lines confirming our greatest fears: He is dead. Perhaps the film would have been saved had the director forgone the dazzling star power of A. Martinez in favor of this sadly-anonymous actor who filled the screen for a brief moment. That a no-name hack-tor off the street could salvage such a dishwater film is no less likely than a villain committing murder by dropping stones into a quarry for an unsuspecting diver. His moment is brief; his promise is immense. Perhaps we will be treated to more screen time by this obscure thespian if there is ever a sequel to this ill-advised film.
critique8795 Ugly shot poorly scripted and amateurishly paced sequel to Joe Dante's 1981 classic. "The Howling" is one of the two or three ONLY good werewolf-films ever made and yet it got 'rewarded' by a series of obnoxious and unendurable sequels like this one. If it's any consolation "Stirba" is a sequel in name only and there's absolutely no connection with the characters or events that were introduced in Dante's film. The plot here revolves on a bloodthirsty cult of Transsylvanian werewolves Ã‚Â– primarily female ones Ã‚Â– led by Stirba. Stirba is played by Sybil Danning who transforms from a curvy old lady into a blond super-babe (with impressive bosom) in the blink of an eye and becomes all hairy when sexually aroused. Her arch-enemy is played by a seemly fatigue Christopher Lee. His character Ã‚Â– Stefan Crosscoe Ã‚Â– is an occult investigator who travels to Stirba's kingdom accompanied by an American couple who lost their friend to the werewolf cult. In case you're exclusively looking for filthy gore and gratuitous nudity...this is your film. Even the smallest killing is shown in great detail and we're even treated to exploding eyeballs and the vile image of a dwarf who gets pierced on a pointy fence. However if you want a little substance or depth you'll be sorely disappointed. The dialogues are embarrassing and there's absolutely no tension to detect anywhere. The scriptwriters constantly seem to confuse werewolves with vampires (the Transsylvanian setting garlic wooden stakes...) and Danning's gorgeous balcony is shamelessly exploited as the film's only gimmick. During the end-credits a shot in which she rips off her top is re-edited repeatedly (according to my fellow reviewer Dr. Gore no less than seventeen times!) which is pretty pathetic and pointless. The music is okay and some of the scenery is rather beautiful. I'm talking about the fierce-looking statues during the opening credits and the dark dungeons of Stirba's castle. The directing by Philippe Mora is a giant mess and Ã‚Â– as far as I'm concerned Ã‚Â– his only worthwhile film remains "The Beast Within" released three years earlier.
critique8796 How bad idea was to remake an almost Oscar -worthy film?! MOSTHLY MARTHA is MUCH MORE BETTER has deepness finesse and so on and mainly: a wonderful and talented actress in the leading role (Martina Gedeck). It's a joke and ugliness with the handsome Aaron and the whole atmosphere... again a ridiculous effort from Hollywood. There are more and more remake and the films are full with schemes.. Isn't anybody there who can create a good and newly script? Or this is a safety solution to make remake or movies from the well-tried cartoon figures? The films are getting much less interesting nowadays. Oh yes: If you want to see a REALLY good movie watch the original one. It's definitely worth.
critique8797 I turned this off about 50 minutes into it! Whoever the moron was who decided to steal the idea of Koushun Takami's book(Battle Royal) & make it into a pathetic reality TV show scenario deserves to be shot!<br /><br />It has done the Film Industry a good turn though. Now Directors like William Malone(Fear Dot Com) can say "well at least it's better than Series 7" This piece of crap & Dracula 3000 tie for first place in the worst 100 movies ever made! <br /><br />Be warned this is not a 'So bad it's Good'Flick!<br /><br />This is a disgrace to Film Makers everywhere! <br /><br />Never see this movie!
critique8798 When I first saw this movie in the theater I was so angry. It completely blew in my opinion. I didn't see it for a decade then decided what the hell let's see. I'm watching all hellraiser movies now to see where it went wrong. My guess is it was with sequel 5 that was the first to implement the whole "i am in a dream omg i see weird stuff oh noes what is happening oh its a dream oh its not a dream oh wait i see something spooky oh never mind"-sucky storyline. Those sequels don't even require the box to be opened or stick to the rules from the first 4 movies that if you saw pinhead you are pretty much screwed and dead. The first 3 hellraisers sticked to this storyline which made it so scary in the first place. Nothing fantasy nothing weird the box got opened boom they came. Kirstey was the only one that could bargain her way out of it first because of uncle Frank. Then because she had information about the cenobites. This movie at least attempts to stick to all that even though it was a bad story it was still somewhat hellraiser. No I'm pretty sure part 5 was the first part to completely and utterly destroy the hellraiser series. Now they are remaking 1 and I don't even think I will watch it. Oh who am I kidding I probably will and probably will be disappointed.... again.
critique8799 Unless there's some huge ironic conspiracy going on my jaw dropped when I read the positive reviews of this film; I cannot believe that this film was even released it's so bad.<br /><br />I admit it is not my kind of movie but I tried to watch it objectively anyway you know so bad it's funny and was still offended at its sheer awfulness.<br /><br />The acting is atrocious they can't have watched the rushes and I'm guessing there was one take per scene it really is that terrible. It is the worst film I have seen in many a year in fact I wouldn't even call it a film it's a tragedy. The gay black friend whom no-one actually calls "gay" it's just implied because he's so crazy? Homophobic. This is not good in fact this is downright vomit inducing. The jokes die on their pathetic arses the music is so bad it defies belief. The person who compiled the soundtrack essentially chose the most ear-mutilatingly bad songs they had ever heard and put them in this waste of film stock. Oh my good Christ I can't believe the 80's produced utter garbage like this I grew up through them and I cannot find one thing worth of note here it must have been a dark time to be a cinema-goer.<br /><br />If you even contemplate watching this film go see a psychiatrist he will then accordingly slap you you sick sick person.
critique8800 First of three Aztec Mummies film is the only one that to the best of my knowledge was never completely dubbed into English. The film was chopped up and used in pieces by people like Jerry Warren in other films (he combined it with another Mexican horror comedy with Lon Chaney to make Face of the Screaming Werewolf. And it showed up in Attack of the Mayan Mummy and elsewhere.) The longest of the three films a good chunk of this film makes up the two later films which use this as a basis of flash backs. The plot of this film has a scientist conducting a past life regression experiment which causes his subject to travel back and discover hidden chambers in an Aztec pyramid. The group as well as a sinister figure known as the Bat hope to use the information to discover hidden treasure. Instead they discover a living mummy who has other plans. Long and long winded this film has way too little action to sustain its 80 minute running time (worse the mummy doesn't even show up until an hour has passed). Probably the least of the three films its easy to see why this film was cut apart it's the only way to fashion a non-sleep inducing film. Watching the film late last night I found myself fighting to stay awake. It was a tough haul and I found that I ended up scanning to the point where the mummy showed up. Given the choice I'd take a pass and watch the second two films.
critique8801 I saw this movie years ago and I was impressed... but then again I was only 12 years old. I recently re-watched it and want that time back. This film is pretty bad. While I like Lee Majors Chris Makepeace (watch My Bodyguard (1980)if you would like to see a GOOD movie that he was in... of Meatballs (also starring Bill Murray) for some laughs) and Burgess Meredith this role does/did nothing for their careers.<br /><br />Anyway Lee Majors character Franklyn Hart is an ex- race car driver who plans on driving his race car (which he had in storage) across the country to California. One Problem: The government has outlawed all private transportation. I thought the concept was OK (not the worse I've heard of) but the execution failed horribly.
critique8802 Given the title and outlandish box art I was ready for just about anything. Perhaps my expectation were forced just a bit to high because I was left a little dry.<br /><br />A film crew working on a soft-core sex movie end up at a strange house when they get lost in the fog and decide the best way to spend the evening is to have sex. Where hasn't this set up been used before? The difference here is the uber-perverse nature of the sex. Not allowed to show all the goods (groin shots were illegal in Japan for a long time what is shown is fogged out) the movie tries as hard as it can to show the viewer just how unnatural sex can be.<br /><br />Amidst all the kinky goings on a mud monster (whose origin I can't fathom) shows up and begins murdering the men and raping the women...then murdering them too. Some of the sights are a bit much most notably a woman having her intestines pulled out through her vagina or another woman spitting out a mouthful of...stuff but otherwise the gore is pretty standard fare.<br /><br />Ultimately the film is pulled down by it's own designs; it's too over-sexed to be a strait horror picture and too gruesome to work as a sex flick. The mediums can work but there need to be a balance.<br /><br />4/10
critique8803 The acting was horrible and they got both of the sports wrongggg.......not only did they get the figure skating rules wrong but also they rules of GIRLS Ice Hockey. In GIRLS ice hockey you cannot check. You also don't BLOCK for someone. Not all they girls are disgusting gross mean and big. I play hockey and I'm only 4'11 and have been asked to go to schools like the one in the movie. Also not all hockey players hate figure skaters. A lot of current girls hockey players were once figure skaters themselves. Also we skate A LOT faster then the ones in the movie. I was embarrassed by the movie it gave people the idea that we suck.......although i must mention that it is difficult to transition between the sports because of the toe pick on the figure skates.....also some of those twirly moves KAtelin was doing on the ice you couldn't do in a regular hockey game. She basically tripped the person which is illigal. Its also unrealistic that she would get a HOCKEY scholarship when she figure skates. That really made me angry that scholarship would normally be used to someone who could benefit the team.
critique8804 Much of the commentary on this board revolves around debating the validity of some comparison to R DOGS made on the DVD cover. Forget about all of that... This film-- er-- home movie is utterly horrendous. How can anyone with a shred of credibility claim this as being 10/10??? There is no plot none. I couldn't believe that I spent money to rent this (more on that later) and that I had fooled myself into believing that this (based on box cover art and some sort of film fest award blurb) had potential. The only thing I do really remember was that unbelievably one of the annoying main characters was supposedly offed with a bullet to the head... and he ends up surviving the wound and making it to the final credits alive. Wow. And looky dere Killers has a sequel. Double wow.<br /><br />True story -- I actually was in so much denial that I had wasted my money and life force on this rental that I kept the videotape for what must've been six months. I kept telling myself that it never actually happened. The video on top of the TV was an illusion - a mental symbol of my self-loathing. After someone pointed out that is was indeed real and that I needed to get a grip I decided that I couldn't just leave it there. I thought "How many others have I denied the suffering of sitting through the viewing of this masterpiece by hoarding Killers all to myself?" I had to do the right thing and return it back to the hell from which it came. <br /><br />So as I imagine most of the populous of IMDb would do in a similar situation I mustered up some major courage and drove to the video store... at 2AM. After making sure that no one was around I got out of my car (still running of course) slipped the movie into the drop box slot and booked the hell out of there never to return.<br /><br />I guess I expected that some goons from Hollywood Video corporate would come looking for me (the bill must've racked up to something like $1238.67 by that time) so I moved away from the area. However coincidently much like the Killers storyline nothing ever happened.
critique8805 I'd heard about this movie a while ago from a friend and she recently got it on DVD. There was a lot of anticipation and excitement as we'd both heard that this was a terrifying film really scary. How disappointed was I?? VERY!!!! Apart from that one scene (we all know which bit) NOTHING happened!!! I was expecting to see the woman in black a few times and for her to do a few more jumpy scenes like appear at the window or walk across the hall or something.<br /><br />Nearly all the reviews here say what a scary gripping atmospheric movie this is. I just didn't see it I'm afraid. Maybe there's a difference in what people find scary in the US to here in Britain.<br /><br />A big let down after all the hyped reviews :(
critique8806 This movie is a loose collection of unintelligible analogies and ill conceived plot devices.<br /><br />Movie history: The director of this film was a pervert who drove around town filming random women. When his wife discovered the film reels he was forced to quickly contrive a story. He claimed he was making a movie called "The brain that wouldn't die." Eventually his wife demanded that he show her his "so called movie." That night he quickly filmed some extra scenes with a friend and "The Brain that wouldn't Die" was born.<br /><br />I hate this movie! Plot Synopsis: The main character's fiancÃƒÂ© is killed in a horrible car accident(that he caused by ignoring the clearly posted road signs). He grabs her head from the wreckage and reanimates it. After reanimating the head he goes and picks up a bunch of hookers. That is pretty much what happens for the rest of the movie. At the end he fights and is killed by a monster that lives in the closet. The monster appears with little to no explanation. However the monster saves a hooker and I assume that they live happily ever after.<br /><br />Side notes: The end credit screen claims that the movie is called "The Head that wouldn't Die".<br /><br />I hate this movie!
critique8807 Unlike the other spaghetti Westerns this one has characters that almost make sense and can be identified to some degree. It still has the goofy gunplay of other spaghettis Westerns. A spaghetti by the way is another word for a Western with no plot no characters you can care about and goofy gunplay that doesn't make a bit of sense for the era and relying on great music to make audiences feel something. This one is more lighthearted like the ones that Bud Spencer and Terence Hill made together. They too were superior to the junk made by Eastwood and others which sado-masochists make their friends watch if they get a chance. It looks like everyone had a lot of fun making the movie too. It was good to see a giant actor like Gilbert Roland who wasn't even mentioned on the movie rental box yet who was clearly the biggest name. His character was very enjoyable. There is a three way standoff at the end which is much superior to the one it spoofs (The Good the Bad and the Ugly) simply because the characters are at least a bit likable and a bit identifiable. Not a good movie but has a bit of fun to it.
critique8808 The potential movie extravaganza set during the 19th century failed to produce. With big-name actors like Maggie Smith Albert Finney and many others there was no reason for the movie to fail. However the movie lacked an ending had a sorry excuse for a plot line and fell to pieces with its continuity. A typical story of a rich girl and a poor boy brought together by love and destroyed by beauty (or lack thereof) and disapproval has a touching side of a mother's early death and an absentee father. The father played by Finney is a disturbed man tormenting his daughter in life as well as death. He believes his daughter's lack of good looks would ruin his fortune by marrying beneath their social status. The actors vainly attempted to salvage what was left of the storyline. Washington Square is a black hole of ruin and destruction wasting precious time of those who sorrowfully watch. I give this movie a 1 instead of a 0 purely for the actors' attempts. Save yourself stay clear of Washington Square.
critique8809 Lame cliched superhero action movie drivel. I had high hopes for this movie and the genre of HK buddy cop actioneers is one that i don't despise but very rarely do i see a storyline as trite and ludicrous as this one was. This would have been forgivable as it always is in these kinds of movies when the action compensates unfortunately it did not. The action does carry the trademark surreality and over the top nature of HK action but it's not very involving obscenely gory and in fact often completely incoherent (perhaps this is due to re-editing for american release it does show signs in many places of patchwork). I was very disappointed.
critique8810 A worn-out plot of a man who takes the rap for a woman in a murder case + the equally worn-out plot of an outsider on the inside who eventually is shut out.<br /><br />With such an outstanding case one would think the film would rise above its hackneyed origins. But scene after scene drones by with no change in intensity no character arcs and inexplicable behavior.<br /><br />The homosexuality theme was completely unnecessary -- or on the other hand completely unexplored. It seemed to be included only to titillate the viewers. When will Hollywood learn that having gay characters does not automatically make a more compelling picture?<br /><br />A regrettably dreadful movie. When will Lauren Bacall pick a good one? I expected better of her and Kristin Scott Thomas. This one is definitely one to miss.
critique8811 Slow and riddled with inaccuracy. Over-looking its flaws this is still an interesting account of the famed and heroic siege of the Alamo during the Texas fight for independence from Mexico. James Arness as Jim Bowie. Brian Keith as Davy Crockett. Alec Baldwin as Col. Travis. Raul Julia as General Santa Anna. This made-for-TV project also stars David Ogden Stiers Kathleen York and Jim Metzler. Very good original music by Peter Bernstein.
critique8812 This is a road movie. At least the movie is in yellow anf I think that suggests a road movie (?). I can't say much positive about The Delivery. It's bad acting certainly their English. Camera looks like it is done by a kid there's a bomb with counter and suddenly a Beetle is falling from the sky. Since it was so cliche we actually laught the whole time -- and that was the most fun of the movie. This movie should be released in America but I'm not sure you should go because that might suggest that is the quality we produce. The explosions look boring. Basically everything is over the top. Everything is just too much: the yellow quality the sound the babe etc. Find all the cliche part in other movies put them together and you have The Delivery.
critique8813 Lady in Cement - PI spoof with ole Blue Eyes.Frank Sinatra is a shamus on a houseboat in Miami in this rarely funny "comedy".Burdened by an annoying and repetitious Hugo Montenegro score and bunch of misfiring punchlines this 1968 flick just never rises above slightly too bawdy to be on TV made for television movie status.Dan Blocker is effective in the Mike Mazurski/Ted De Corsia big galoot role and Raquel Welch should thank her personal trainer.The only thing that makes the DVD worth keeping or seeing is the collection of cheesy trailers for Welch flicks like BandoleroFantastic Voyage  Mother Jugs & Speed and Myra Breckinridge.Even if you get the DVD-skip the predictable movie and go for the trailer library in the special features.Besides tons of mysoginistic asides-Sinatra lisps @ the homosexual owners of the local Go-Go bar.A relic that needs to be put back in the time capsule. D
critique8814 I was so "impressed" with Tim Kincaid's MUTANT HUNT that I gave this one a try. It is the near future post apocalypse of course. A wandering fighter named Neo (no not that Neo!) joins a group of similar looking fighters to challenge The Dark One and his underling Valaria. Along the way they encounter mutants crazed females sewer worms a big spider leg and some clunky robots. Oh my! <br /><br />Sadly ROBOT HOLOCAUST is hardly up (or down) to HUNT's level. Clocking in at a painful 79 minutes (the box says 90) this is one cheap flick. The sets have all the elaborate design of a carnival haunted house and the costumes prove that in the near future everyone will dress like John Travolta in the final dance number of STAYING ALIVE. The atomic wasteland is a combination of rubble filled old buildings and Central Park. The Dark One's headquarters is ominously named The Power Station and looks like well a power station. The acting is universally bad except for Angelika Jager as the evil Valaria. Jager is a whole 'nother level of bad. Vit er sick Cherman acczent she gives a performance so amazingly bad that it becomes the sole reason to recommend this film. She also delivers the film's only nudity in the "pleasure chamber" section of the film. Ed French again supplies the robot effects but they aren't nearly as slimy as his work in MUTANT HUNT.
critique8815 Within the first few minutes of this Dutch thriller we learn that Krabbe is a gay alcoholic writer who sleeps sans underwear fantasizes about murdering his roommate tries to steal a magazine from a news stand and lusts after a studly young man he meets at the train station. And he's the hero of this nonsensical movie that is all dressed up (except for Krabbe in at least one scene too many) but has nowhere to go. The basic plot is very simple but is dragged out to nearly two hours before reaching a pointless conclusion. Verhoeven has a nice visual flair but resorts to scenes of wild hallucinations overt symbolism and gratuitous gore when he runs out of ideas.
critique8816 Danny Lee's performance as a wisecracking cop is the only spot of interest in this film even though it has an excellent cast including Chow Yun-Fat Carina Lau Andy Lau Shing Fui-On and Alex Man. CYF plays a triad boss who wants to settle down to a life of peace and plenty but Alex Man a total psycho who has a big grudge against CYF won't let him. CYF tries to escape to Malacca but to no avail. After his family is blown to bits his cronies dead or turncoat wounded and broke CYF returns to Hong Kong to get into some serious revenge.<br /><br />It sounds a lot better than it is. CYF is well-dressed and handsome looks pained grimaces and cries on cue but somehow or another you just don't care. Andy Lau looks great but that's about it. Carina Lau has a tiny tiny little part which was nice but she gets a bullet in the head early on so that ends that. Alex Man is a cartoon villain he's so over-the-top which at times can be intriguing but the writing here is so flat that he just comes across as a garden-variety nut.<br /><br />Danny Lee is great though - too bad he's only a small blip on the screen of this dark (literally) and essentially boring movie.<br /><br />Rent it don't buy it. Or just skip it altogether.<br /><br />This is the sequel to "Rich And Famous" even though it apparently was filmed simultaneously; it was released first because of CYF's boxoffice power.
critique8817 This is one of those topics I can relate to a little more than most people as I hate noise & have no idea how those in big cities New York especially how people get any sleep at all! It astounds me that people can stand all the noise out there these days. The basic plot of the film is that it makes for an interesting topic. It's too bad that's about it. Tim Robbbins is decent although except for a couple of scenes (especially with the absolute supermodel looking Margarita Leiveva) he didn't seem to really be altogether there. My biggest hope for this film is that casting agents will see the absolutely stunning & talented actress to boot Margarita Levieva. She doesn't have a lot to do but she is supermodel beautiful. Even when they are trying to make her look at more girl next door. It makes me sad that there can be people such as Paris Hilton & Kim Kardashian in the world w/no redeemable skills or talent to have more fame and success than this talented beauty. I didn't care for much of this film because the script isn't very good but am glad I got to see some new talent. I hope that producers & directors think about Margarita when they need a beautiful new actress to be in there big budget film. If they can make Megan Fox a star (c'mon she isn't that hot & her acting "talent" is worse than made-for Disney channel TV shows) from 1 film it should happen easily for her as she is gorgeous & has talent! I'd recommend her changing her last name so we can pronounce it and make it more marketable. Here's hoping this makes her career & if there is any justice she can pop up on some big summer movie or two in the next couple years.
critique8818 I rented this film yesterday mostly due to the good-looking art and the summary given on the back of the jacket. After popping it into my DVD player I re-examined the jacket cover and even though I took the cover out of from the plastic viewer I STILL could not read any of the production detail information about the film. This film is entitled Evil on the Jacket and had to locate it by going to Faith Films website to find out any linkage to it here on IMDb.<br /><br />The filming and special affects done in the film looked quite good ... THEN a line-reading actor spoke. Oh dear ... this actor's reading sounded like some pimple-faced high school jock whose voice just managed to change pitch and no attempt given to go beyond reading the lines from the script. At first I thought I got a bad disc out of audio sync then had to surmise it was a foreign film since I couldn't read the jacket... English dialog dubbed. If they'd casted the right person for dubbing the dialog this film MIGHT have been decent. I gave it a chance of about 20 minutes before ejecting it when I discovered the bad line reader wasn't going to get killed off but stay as the constant main fixture. Yes it is THAT bad! The jacket cover art and the art done in the film are great so gave the one star but minus 1999999 stars for the rotten dialog. I do not recommend this one!
critique8819 So lets say you are a producer you have some money and you somehow got Richard gear and Bruce Willis so now all you need is a script...but  why bother? see this movie is really terrible the acting is pretty good but the casting is awful gear and Willis did their best to play these characters they simply cant play. now this movie has no plot or rather there's something that tries to pass off as a plot: there's a mean hit-man (Willis) who is cool dangerous and sophisticated (actually he's none of those things but from some dialog between the other characters you are supposed to get this impression) so this hit-man is on a mission to kill someone now there's an ex-IRA prisoner who is kind and nice and very likable (gear) who the FBI release from prison so he will help them. so now the FBI is "investigating" to find this hit-man the investigation consists of a series of unlikely information - like some random person lost his wallet and someone used his name to buy a car - which is always right on the money. since there's no real plot and the script is so crappy you cant expect any real character development or tension so instead of creating them through the story they simply add some disconnected dramatic music which signals you that something very dramatic is going on  instead of actually creating something dramatic..<br /><br />the bottom line is that this is a very bad movie and a complete waste of time which somehow got an incredibly high score for its level probably because of the cast - and this is exactly what the producers where counting on.
critique8820 I really wish i could give this a negative vote because i think i just wasted 83 minutes of my life watching the worst horror movie ever put to film. the acting was just god awful i mean REALLLYYYY bad the dialog was worse the script sounded like it was written by.... i can't think of anything horrible enough to say. And the day "outside" and the night "inside" shots make you think the events took over several days. Terribly acted directed written etc etc. all the way down to the gofer how gets lunch for everyone. STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE AT ALL COSTS. If my only saving grace to stay out of hell is by doing one good deed it is to tell the world to not watch this crap. This movie is the exact reason why horror movies are never taken seriously.
critique8821 This is the worst brain damaged ultra cheap super stupid silly pointless piece of trash I've ever seen an unbelievable garbage of instant cult status among fans of the bizarre. If you think that Ed Wood's "Plan 9" is bad well... let me tell you looks like "Citizen Kane" compared to that one. Ã‚Â¿Special effects?...again "Plan 9" is "Star Wars". Ã‚Â¿Acting?...Thor Johnson is Al Pacino... so it's beyond bad really. But if you are looking for that kind of incredible movies it's for you! I'm a fan of American International for so many glorious horror movies the Price-Corman-Poe saga and some great blaxploitation stuff but with "Star Creatures" they descend right down to the Z level. Of course my 1 out of 10 works in reverse if you like to watch bad movies for fun (the guy playing an Indian chief is great) so have fun and enjoy... if you can.
critique8822 The second attempt by a New York intellectual in less than 10 years to make a "Swedish" film - the first being Susan Sontag's "Brother Carl" (which was made in Sweden with Swedish actors no less!) The results? Oscar Wilde said it best in reference to Dickens' "The Old Curiosity Shop": "One would have to have a heart of stone not to laugh out loud at the death of Little Nell." Pretty much the same thing here. "Interiors" is chock full of solemnly intoned howlers. ("I'm afraid of my anger." Looking into the middle distance: "I don't like who I'm becoming.") The directorial quotations (to use a polite term) from Bergman are close to parody. The incredibly self-involved family keep reminding us of how brilliant and talented they are to the point of strangulation. ("I read a poem of yours the other day. It was in - I don't know - The New Yorker." "Oh. That was an old poem. I reworked it.") Far from not caring about these people however I found them quite hilarious. Much of the dialog is exactly like the funny stuff from Allen's earlier films - only he's directed his actors to play the lines straight. Having not cast himself in the movie he has poor Mary Beth Hurt copy all of his thespian tics intonations and neurotic habits turning her into an embarrassing surrogate (much like Kenneth Branagh in "Celebrity").<br /><br />The basic plot - dysfunctional family with quietly domineering mother - seems to be lifted more or less from Bergman's "Winter Light" the basic family melodrama tricked up with a lot of existential angst. It all comes through in the shopworn visual/aural tricks: the deafening scratching of a pencil on paper the towering surf that dwarfs the people walking on the beach. etc etc.<br /><br />Allen's later "serious" films are less embarrassing but also far less entertaining. I'll take "Interiors." Woody's rarely made a funnier movie.
critique8823 Warning Spoilers following. Superb recreation of the base in Antarctica where the real events of the film took place. Other than that libelous! scandalous! Filmed in Canada; presumably by a largely Canadian crew and cast. I caught the last half of this film recently on Global television here in Canada. Nothing much to say other than how thoroughly appalled I was at what a blatant piece of American historical revisionist propaganda it is; and starring Susan Sarandon of all people! I can only assume that Canadian born director Roger Spottiswoode was coerced to make the USAF the heroes of the film when in fact the real rescuers where a small private airline based in Calgary; Kenn Borek Air.
critique8824 I saw this film yesterday on TV. I had just finished reading the book in which the movie was supposedly based. In the opening credits it said "This is a free adaptation of EÃƒÂ§a de QueirÃƒÂ³s' novel". I should have turned off my TV at that moment.<br /><br />Vera Sacramento's idea of "free adaptation" is turning a story about Church's influence over people and the hypocrisy of people claiming morality at the end of the 19th century into a story about sex. In fact the only thing she adopted from the novel was the sex part which was only mildly referred in EÃƒÂ§a de QueirÃƒÂ³s' novel. And of course the name of some characters.<br /><br />As of the characters in the novel AmÃƒÂ©lia and JoÃƒÂ£o Eduardo were victims of church's influence. AmÃƒÂ©lia was seduced by Father Amaro and all the time she was controlled by him. JoÃƒÂ£o Eduardo her fiancÃƒÂ© was excommungated by the priests because he dared to criticize them. In this movie AmÃƒÂ©lia seduces every one she meets and Father Amaro is just another victim. JoÃƒÂ£o Eduardo is a dealer of drugs and illegal weapons.<br /><br />Vera Sacramento has turned a novel which criticized moral costumes of an epoch and turned it into just another movie with lots of (bad) sex. Even worse her story was completely empty of ideas. Two wasted hours! EÃƒÂ§a de QueirÃƒÂ³s surely did not deserve this.
critique8825 Some films that you pick up for a pound turn out to be rather good - 23rd Century films released dozens of obscure Italian and American movie that were great but although Hardgore released some Fulci films amongst others the bulk of their output is crap like The Zombie Chronicles.<br /><br />The only positive thing I can say about this film is that it's nowhere near as annoying as the Stink of Flesh. Other than that its a very clumsy anthology film with the technical competence of a Lego house built by a whelk.<br /><br />It's been noted elsewhere but you really do have to worry about a film that inserts previews of the action into its credit sequence so by the time it gets to the zombie attacks you've seen it all already.<br /><br />Bad movie fans will have a ball watching the 18000 continuity mistakes and the diabolical acting of the cast (especially the hitchhiker who was so bad he did make me laugh a bit) and kudos to Hardgore for getting in to the spirit of things by releasing a print so bad it felt like I was watching some beat up home video of a camping trip.<br /><br />Awful awful stuff. We've all made stuff like this when we've gotten a hold of a camera but common sense prevails and these films languish in our cupboards somewhere. Avoid.
critique8826 This time we get a psycho toy maker named "Joe Petto" (get it?) who makes living evil toys that kill people. He goes after the family who has the bad luck of just simply living in the same house where he and his mutant robot son "Pino" (again get it?) used to live.<br /><br />Easily the worst (and hopefully presumably the last) in this semi - series this one and the previous one look like soft core porn movies but without the sex and nudity. It's kind of like a low rent hybrid of "Halloween III" "Puppet Master" "Dolls" and bad home movies. Supposedly in 2000 they started to do a sixth chapter in the series but it was abandoned and never completed. We can all only hope that it stays that way...<br /><br />1/2 a star out of ****<br /><br />
critique8827 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique8828 ... mainly because Ju-on 2 boasts an outrageous FORTY minutes' worth of material literally taken straight out of the first Ju-on - and when you consider that the sequel only runs for 76 minutes that leaves you with 36 original minutes' worth of film. Ho-hum. I found that deeply irritating - as if viewers simply wouldn't remember the same stuff! - not to mention dull having to watch it all over again.<br /><br />OK that complaint aside the byline for Ju-on 2 was that it was supposed to explain a lot of the unanswered questions from the first movie which frankly over 36 minutes simply doesn't go far enough to making any kind of sense of the original's highly convoluted storyline.<br /><br />There are however some really nice new horror sequences which show how good the film might have been had it had some time to develop; and some of the questions raised by the original - some but not all - are answered.<br /><br />So in conclusion - if you loved the first original movie and want to see some further developments on the story go for it - but just remember to keep your remote control to hand with your finger on the fast-forward button for forty minutes.
critique8829 Having seen three other versions of the same film I am afraid for me this is by far the weakest primarily due to Scott's rather dull and leaden performance. His emotions throughout are so bland it makes it difficult to engage in the film. Alistair Sim portrayed the role infinitely better. When Scrooge was at his meanest you don't get the sense Scott is saying the dialogue with much conviction and when he undergoes his metamorphosis he is similarly unconvincing. I cannot think of any actors in this film who match those from the Alistair Sim version. Even the musical version (and frankly the Muppets) take on this are better executed. Very disappointing.
critique8830 Much worse than the original. It was actually *painful* to sit through and it barely held my six year old's interest.<br /><br />Introduction of some new Pokemon is marginally interesting but storyline is extra-thin dialogue is still bad and music is mediocre. Watch the television show instead - it's much better.
critique8831 Wow this film was terrible. It is as simple as that. It is actually the first time that I walked out early as far as I can remember. This turned out okay though: I had a very nice chat with two most charming girls while we all waited for the rest to finally give up on that crap they called a "movie".<br /><br />Where to start. Bad acting bad jokes. Faecal humour which I simply cannot stand. Sorry but snot pee and scat are *not* funny. You have seen the title picture? That scene actually drags on for about 5 minutes with the two "heroes" hitting and mutilating each other which is supposed to be humorous all by itself. It is not.<br /><br />Apart from body fluids violence and cross-dressing I do not remember much about this. At least not much good. I was really really disappointed by this piece of garbage. Or let us be honest here: given that I am actually a big fan of "british" (i.e. black) humour I was angry.<br /><br />So want my advice? Three words: do not watch.
critique8832 I can't believe I've just spent one and a half hours watching such a weak film. If there is only one film you have to miss this is the one.<br /><br />Robert is a teenager whose father's died recently so he starts hanging out with some local anti-social teenagers and using drugs. All these make him subconsciously more violent and at last such subconsciousness explodes...<br /><br />The first thing is that I don't think I can find any sense or trace of great ecstasy in this film not in any single character. If the director considers what I saw in the last couple of minutes as great ecstasy I have to say that that's not even close.<br /><br />The use of cinematography is also not mature. Most of the time I couldn't see any facial expressions from the actors and I didn't feel the body language was sufficient enough to make an impact. Maybe the crew was just so tired that they fixed the camera there to include everything in the settings. Everybody happy except the audience.<br /><br />The plot is particularly weak. There are a lot of unrelated scenes and talking which might be supposed to be related but they are really so random that you can never pull them all together perhaps unless you're the one who wrote them.<br /><br />In the one and a half hour you may find less than 5 minutes of real acting and all other time there are just people walking talking and moving. So I really can't comment on acting here.<br /><br />Nice choice of music in the last couple of minutes though. Maybe this is the only good thing.<br /><br />I have never given a film a 1 but this film certainly deserves it (at least you laugh when you watch Scary Movies). This is a film about when a failed attempt to portray troubled teenagers meets extremely disturbed audience. Hope you fall into neither group.
critique8833 This pathetic excuse for a movie doesn't have a decent structure or a sensible closure. The characters were confusing and the entire plot kept getting off track. I'd have to say that Pixel Perfect was a disgrace. This is what happens when you let Disney channel make movies.
critique8834 Wow another Kevin Costner hero movie. Postman Tin Cup Waterworld Bodyguard Wyatt Earp Robin Hood even that baseball movie. Seems like he makes movies specifically to be the center of attention. The characters are almost always the same ... the heroics the flaws the greatness the fall the redemption. Yup within the 1st 5 minutes of the movie we're all supposed to be in awe of his character and it builds up more and more from there.<br /><br />And this time the story ... story? ... is just a collage of different movies. You don't need a spoiler; you've seen this movie several times though it had different titles. You'll know what will happen way before it happens. This is like mixing An Officer and a Gentleman with Backdraft but both are easily better movies. Watch Backdraft to see how this kind of movie should be made ... and also to see how an good but slightly underrated actor Russell plays the hero.
critique8835 Do you know that they want to escavate the Moon for real?And in Geneve there is the debated project that could lead to make possible time machine?All i can say about this movie that is based on facts about future(at the time of the movie)scientifical projects but real. Hope the moon will exist not happen as in the movie. Now about the movie itself I saw the original movie too and I also read the book. The book I didn't like though but the movie yes.I totally agree with a previous comment that this movie was depressingunlike the 60's one.That was very good with force this one was only a paralled future of what is good movie.
critique8836 I watched "Fuckland" a long time ago. I lied if I'd tell that I remember it in detail; what I remember most vividly is the irritation it provoked me and the feeling of a total waste of precious money and time not only my time and money invested in watching the movie but also the director's.<br /><br />Supposedly "Fuckland" is a critic of Argentinians presenting us (I'm an Argentinian too) as little people who take credit for and even boast about petty ridiculous victories and think we're the best thing that God (who is also an Argentinian) created. I'm not going to argue that. It's probably a true statement about a quite big part of the population (the part I despise by the way). And even if this weren't true that's not my point. The worst sin "Fuckland" committed was to express such a statement about its own director.<br /><br />The continuous impression I received was that the director was too busy trying to impress us for sneaking a camera inside the islands to worry about making a good (even a mediocre) movie. Many of the takes made with a hidden camera are pointless. The director chooses to show off with a silly edition of old war takes and his own ones. And there's no plot at all.<br /><br />Moreover this movie proudly presents a Dogme certificate before the opening titles only to disrespect its principles afterwards (for example by including the director in the credits - another sign of his pride?).<br /><br />I found the movie offensive not as an Argentinian but as a watcher. I felt underestimated. "Fuckland" is simply one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
critique8837 How sad there is no option to post a mark lower than 1. I watched this piece of nonsense and could barely believe what i was watching. Every single part of the film was awful. Music acting direction story everything simply everything. I actually found myself laughing out loud at various points in the film. I particularly loved the bit where our hero is dashing through the hospital in soft focus slow motion and knocks the clipboard out of the nurses hand because .............well. Just because. Product placement? Crucifix's (crucifi?) everywhere. If you are of a Christian persuasion and very easily satisfied you may like this movie. If you do like this movie you really need to get out more.
critique8838 Well it's Robin Hood as 'geezer' all right... just as advertised! That didn't sound very hopeful and alas it was worse than I'd suspected.<br /><br />A laddish Robin I can take; a Robin who tangles with a pert dyer's daughter I can credit; but a Robin who exchanges not-very-funny banter with his single henchman is harder to swallow and a Robin and *entire cast* who seem to be having difficulty managing their lines is the kiss of doom. How could anyone let such laboured delivery pass without re-shooting the scenes? Again and again Much sounds as if he's struggling with half-comprehended Shakespeare rather than letting loose with a salty quip; I hoped at the onset that it was just a failed comedy trait in a character clearly destined for the role of comedy sidekick but then it started spreading throughout the rest of the cast.<br /><br />Whatever else you say about Errol Flynn in the role he had the knack of delivering high-flown dialogue as naturally as if he'd just thought it up on the spur of the moment... and as this production shows that's not at all as easy as it sounds! If they were going to cast the characters as cheeky chappies the actors in question should have been given appropriate lines: they sound as if they haven't a clue how to handle them.<br /><br />I'm afraid I didn't even like the pantomime Sheriff for a similar reason; the lines are clearly not intended to be taken seriously but delivered (and in this case written) with a nudge and a wink at the audience. They're out of place all right -- fourth-wall-busting stuff -- but really not that funny.<br /><br />This much-promised production reminded me of a limping school play. The only actor and character I felt any appreciation for at all was the one playing Guy of Gisbourne who was the sole one who appeared to have any handle on (a) credible villainy and (b) credible characterisation -- but frankly I wouldn't have said that was a very good augury for the future of the series! As of the time of writing I'll give it another shot in the hopes that things may improve and bed down a bit by next week with less stilted scene-setting required and perhaps the actors more at ease with the dialogue: after all the opening episode of "Doctor Who" wasn't exactly a show-stopper though it was nowhere near as bad as this. But if I see no improvement after episode 2 I'm afraid the series has almost certainly lost one viewer.<br /><br />Which would be a pity because I've got a soft spot for the "Robin Hood" legend on screen from the adventures of Douglas Fairbanks to the sturdy reliance of Richard Greene. But this Robin fails to stir my blood in the slightest.
critique8839 This movie sucks ass. Something about a heatwave in some European country complete trash. There's nothing going for this movie whatsoever. maybe 30 seconds of sex but that's it. There is a very annoying chick who hitches rides with people and really pisses me off. This movie is complete rash and you shouldn't subject yourself to watching it. I regret it it's very boring. I would rate it zero but i can't. No body in their right mind should see this. i'm sure you'll regret it completely i did. How could they think up something this bad. Even Mystery men was better. MYSTERY MEN. That sucks. That movie wasn't worth being made. complete waste of time. The characters in this are very hard to understand and i good very very very bored.
critique8840 That's not just my considered verdict on this film but also on the bulk of what has been written about it. Now don't get me wrong here either I'm not a total philistine I didn't hate the movie because it wasn't enough like 'police academy 9' or whatever I enjoy more than my fair share of high brow or arty stuff I swear.<br /><br />'Magnolia' is poor and I am honestly mystified as to why it is seemingly so acclaimed. Long winded self indulgent rambling nonsense from start to finish there is just so little that could credibly be what people so love about the movie. There's some high calibre actors fair enough and none turns in an average or worse performance. Furthermore my wife (a self confessed Tom Cruise hater) tells me it's his career best performance by far. But the plot is so completely unengaging meandering between the stories of several loosely connected characters at such a snail's pace that even when significant life changing events are depicted they seem so pointless and uninteresting you find yourself crying out for someone to get blown up or something.<br /><br />It doesn't help that none of the characters are very easy to identify or empathise with (well I didn't think so but I don't like most people admittedly). They all play out their rather unentertaining life stories at great length demonstrating their character flaws and emotions in ever-so intricate detail and playing out their deep and meaningful relationships to the nth degree with many a waffling soliloquy en route. Yadda yadda yadda. The soundtrack's dire as well with that marrow-suckingly irritating quality that I had hitherto thought unique to the music of Alanis Morisette.<br /><br />All in all it was about as enjoyable a three hours as being forced to repeatedly watch an episode of 'Friends' whilst being intermittently poked in the ribs by a disgruntled nanny goat. The bit with the frogs is good though.
critique8841 I had the opportunity to preview this film as a member of a test audience and the only thing which kept me in my seat was the chance to fill out the post-screening survey. I felt the film's biggest problem was its lack of a main plot. Instead it was composed of (too) many sub-plots competing for screen time. As a result there is not a single character who is developed enough for the audience to form any sort of attachment. What the director and producer failed to do was show us why we should care what happens to the characters. In fact any one sub-plot and the characters associated with it could have been removed altogether without serious detriment to the film. (The time gained would have allowed for the much needed development of the remaining sub-plots and characters.) Simply put The Hungry Bachelors Club's plate is overcrowded with side dishes and appetizers when an entre is desired.
critique8842 Elizabeth Ward Gracen who will probably only be remembered as one of Bill Clinton's "bimbo eruptions" (they have pills for that now!) is probably the weakest element of this show. It really continues the tired formula of the Highlander Series- The hero immortal encounters another immortal with flashbacks about the last time they met but there is some conflict and there is a sword fight at the end where you have a cheap special effects sequence.<br /><br />Then you have the character of Nick Wolf. Basically your typical unshaven 90's hero with the typical "Sexual tension" storyline. (Seriously why do you Hollywood types think sexual tension is more interesting than sex.) This was a joint Canadian/French production so half the series takes place in Vancouver imitating New York and the other half is in Paris... Just like Highlander did.
critique8843 Despite an overall pleasing plot and expensive production one wonders how a director can make so many clumsy cultural mistakes. Where were the Japanese wardrobe and cultural consultants? Not on the payroll apparently. <br /><br />A Japanese friend of mine actually laughed out loud at some of the cultural absurdities she watched unfold before her eyes. In a later conversation she said "Imagine a Finnish director making a movie in Fnnish about the American Civil War using blond Swedish actors as union Army and Frenchmen as the Confederates. Worse imagine dressing the Scarlet O'Hara female lead in a period hoop skirt missing the hoop and sporting a 1950's hairdo. Maybe some people in Finland might not realize that the hoop skirt was "missing the hoop" or recognize the bizarre Jane Mansfield hair but in Atlanta they would not believe their eyes or ears....and be laughing in the aisles...excellent story and photography be damned.<br /><br />So...watching Memoirs of a Geisha was painful for anyone familiar with Japanese cultural nuances actual geisha or Japanese dress and that was the topic of the movie! Hollywood is amazing in its myopic view of film making. They frequently get the big money things right while letting the details that really polish a films refinement embarrassingly wrong. I thought "The Last Samurai" was the crowning achievement of how bad an otherwise good film on Japan could be. Memoirs of a Geisha is embarrassingly better and worse at the same time.
critique8844 Two teenagers in the north-east of England are desperate to raise money and buy season tickets for their favourite football team. They go through a series of "comic misadventures" but come up smiling in the end.<br /><br />The trailer for this film sells it as a comedy and includes most of its light-hearted moments. However the tone is increasingly grim and the end result is a depressing story peopled with familiar stereotypes. The two "heroes" have no problems with lying cheating and stealing. Their adversaries are a callous teacher a pantomime villain of a father a psychotic skinhead and a well-meaning but incompetent social worker. The other female characters are a drug addicted teenager a pregnant schoolgirl and a battered wife who seems to be smoking herself to death. There are no likable characters and the audience can only feel either pity or contempt. Local actors Tim Healy and Kevin Whateley both play against type as baddies but the writing and direction of their characters are so one-dimensional that they have no more than novelty value.<br /><br />Chris Beattie and Greg McLane give good performances in the two young leads. However they are miscast because they have the wrong accent. To anyone from the north east it is obvious that they both come from the Sunderland/Durham area and yet we are expected to believe they are natives of Newcastle. As a Geordie myself I can assure you that the accents are by no means the same. Take the phrase "Let the poor lad speak". We say "Let the pooa lad speek" while they say "piwer lad spiyk" with two distinctly different vowel sounds. This discrepancy creates a ridiculous double irony in a scene in Sunderland football ground where the two lads are trying to disguise the Newcastle accents they don't have and *pretend* that they come from Sunderland - which they clearly do. In a gentle comedy this kind of criticism might be seen as nit-picking. However the film's bleak tone makes it clear that writer/director Mark Herman is aiming for gritty realism: that means "near enough" is actually way off.<br /><br />I had hoped for humour and optimism from this film and instead found tired old clichÃƒÂ©s. Tyneside is not a grey wasteland populated solely by losers and in telling us it is Herman should have known he would cause offence. It's interesting to compare the film with the same director's "Little Voice" - also largely downbeat and populated by one-dimensional characters "Little Voice" at least has a talented heroine and doesn't wallow in misery to the same extent. I've heard "Belter" ranked alongside this year's "Billy Elliot" but that film is a vastly more enjoyable and life-affirming experience.<br /><br />Incidentally I may be just too old but having lived on Tyneside for 42 years I have never heard anyone outside this film use the expression "Purely Belter".
critique8845 AWiP tries to be funny scary tense and romantic ... and fails in every respect. The acting is average at best but mostly stupid. The special effects are not enough to make up for the stupid plot devices and the chemistry between *ANY* character is juvenile.<br /><br />If you don't want to be mad at yourself don't pay money to see it.
critique8846 Obnoxious Eva Longoria dies on her wedding day when an ice sculpture of an angel (without wings) falls on her off the back of a truck and kills her. She is then tries to ruin the relationship of her ex-boyfriend with his new girlfriend a psychic who can see her.<br /><br />Obvious unoriginal movie wouldn't be bad in a clichÃƒÂ©d sort of way except that Longoria's character is hateful and obnoxious that she drains all of the fun out of the film. Its like having your ears cleaned with sandpaper. To be fair Longoria nor anyone else in the cast or crew isn't the problem its the god awful script that sinks the proceedings. Its just really really stupid.
critique8847 Slow-moving ponderous movie with terrible acting on the whole - but lovely locations & clothes to admire and of course Timothy Dalton who does a compelling job as always. I wanted to laugh out loud at the voice-overs - so silly!! But Dalton is always worth watching even in bad movies a wonderful actor older now but still very handsome and masculine. This movie is worth viewing only to see him....and he seems like he wandered into a bad dime romance novel poor fellow. Your time would be better spent watching Mr. Dalton in 1970's "Wuthering Heights" or the early 1980's BBC version of "Jane Eyre". Poor Sela Ward so lovely but so wooden.... surely she's been better in other movies.
critique8848 I got interested in this movie because somebody had made a beautiful video for BjÃƒÂ¶rks "Bachelorette" with clips from it. So I watched the movie. And it is indeed stuningly beautiful. A masterpiece of animation.<br /><br />Unfortunately the story doesn't keep up. It starts out well with interesting plotlines about people fencing for the possession of the Rose Bride but suddenly elevators fill up with water and looses their walls people float away and finally for no reason whatsoever Utena is tranformed into a car and a highspeed chase ensues.<br /><br />I like much Anime for it's ability to make alternative universes but this universe is just stupid. If you are gonna watch this movie turn of the sound it's better that way.
critique8849 If there's one thing you can count on Disney to do it's their uncanny ability to take a story and tell it again and again and again. Even watching the commercial for Lady and the Tramp II was a horrible experience. Disney's going to ruin one of their most awesome classics ever. It even had that spaghetti meatball scene. It's been done before! And that's what I say to this sorry direct to video(the entire concept should be banned). Everything is just a rehash of the original movie and even several of Bluth's really bad movies. The penguin and walrus duo(I've even forgotten their names) are just a really poor carbon copy of Timon and Pumbaa. Morgana is another Ursula. She even repeats practically all her old lines. The songs are pathetic really abysmal. I've never heard songs so bad from them before until now. And the dialogue is atrocious. It's pathetic and simplistic. On the plus side at least they took the time to make the animation somewhat decent. All of the usual characters aren't as annoying as they used to be(or maybe that's a minus for Little Mermaid fans). Back on the negative Melody is just so sickeningly cute you just might vomit. I almost did. Do yourself and your Little Mermaid fan a favor. Don't waste your money on this. True it's not as horrific as Return of Jafar or Pocahontas II but that's little consolation.
critique8850 I loved this movie I'll admit it. This has to be the best (straight to?) video movie I've seen. Well... me and my friend decided just for shits n' giggles that we'd rent this movie. We knew what to expect and we got exactly what we expected plus more. When that red neck gets slammed up against the tree by the Sasquatch we literally watched that part about three to four times it was that amazing (hysterically of course). And why? Oh why does the main character have to roll that much? Like honestly we know that you're in danger rolling that much isn't gonna help all that much. But really if this movie is in you're local video store RENT IT. It is worth the money and it's not even that bad like it's bad but not incredibly bad. Overall complete amazing will be in store for you if you rent this movie.
critique8851 I'll be short and to the point. This movie was an insult to any one with a room temperature IQ. Sorry liberals feminists etc. No women will ever be a Seal. They can forget about the draft or being in combat too. Ain't going to happen. You see hard as it is to understand or accept men and women are physically different.Regardless of the fact it is 2007reality cannot change things in order for people to avoid having their feelings hurt. Men can't give birth or breast feed babies( Oh-I forgot about San Franfreako ).<br /><br />Women lack the physical strength to be on par with men in a combat or other physically challenging situations. How many women play in the NFL or NHL? Lastly I couldn't give a bloody hoot in hell if what I just wrote upsets you.Come to think of it - if this does upset you that only warms my heart more. I didn't write one thing that wasn't the truth. This imbecilic movie is nothing more than a comedy and a lousy one at that.
critique8852 A post-apocalyptic warrior goes off to save some kind of Nun and on the way meets some cyber-punks on skates who want to kick his ass. This is one of the hardest to watch films ever There are scenes with silence that seems to last hours before somebody comes out with the next badly written badly acted line. There are action sequences that keep repeating - and we're not talking the quickfire 1-2-3 action repeat on a particularly good kick that was made popular by eastern directors we're talking many many repeats of long bad fight sequences. This is incredibly confusing at first but then quickly becomes annoying as you're watching a 30 second sequence for the 2nd 3rd and 4th time. Any kind of plot or vision is lost within the confusing continuity the only thing thats keeps this film in the videoplayer (apart from the bet from a friend that i couldn't watch it all the way through without begging for it to be turned off and disposed off safely so it may harm no-one else) is the fact that although painful this film is unintentionally hilarious i'm not at all a fan of those "so bad that it's funny" type of films but at parts i was in tears. Other points to note are the quality of the sound and picture but this is forgiveable as it's obvious money was a major problem in the making of this film. Final verdict - King of the "so bad they're funny" genre anybody having that kind of genre video night should get themselves a copy. Also lets not forget that it is actually the worst film i've ever seen.
critique8853 I saw this movie in the theater when I was a kid and always remember it as my first experience with getting ripped off by a horrible movie with a good commercial. The commercial was great but it I found out later that it had every explosion or 'special effect' in the entire movie (about 4) and even some that weren't in the movie. There was some sort of plot relating to the aliens but the aliens were never actually shown in the movie as far as I remember. It was clearly a case of someone making a buck off a cheap movie designed to scam people. I guess my world of innocence ended that day when I found out there were bad people out there who make bad bad movies.
critique8854 Let's start by the simple lines. From the viewer's side there a couple of good "director details" some points of view at the movie scenes that are nice. The special effects are good enough a good acting/good scenery also. But the story is way too simple. It shows how a elite Army bomb squad unit lives acts and sometimes dies. It shows the drama of living in war. In my movie experience as a serious action movie "addicted" guy I missed that click that gets my eyes and mind stuck on the screen. One of the things that need to be present in a movie in order to I consider it a good one is the ability of immerse the viewer in the movie reality and time. It didn't happened to me. I stayed "conscious" for the entire movie.<br /><br />Honestly speaking I think that this movie gained its place in fame based on the "subconscious" appeal of American patriotism a healthy and genuine feeling but not the adequate use as a movie fame generator. More than a movie about war it grows its popularity based on that.<br /><br />A simple thought: if this was a world war II or I movie only changing time with everything remained the same would it be this awarded? Sure not. Why? Because there are great ones that elevate the bar way to high.<br /><br />Compared against its rivals in the Oscars I don't think that all of the prizes it won are correctly awarded.
critique8855 Not one of the better pokemon movies.<br /><br />Two legendary pokemon come into the story. You do get to see how strong Celebi can be though he turns evil first.<br /><br />Suicune also makes an appearance he didn't seem that powerful.<br /><br />The Marauder didn't have many strong pokemon at all except for that taranitar? Some fight scenes with his pokemon may have made it better.<br /><br />Ash and Pikachu meet the much younger Professor Oak though they don't realise it. Misty I was thinking had it at the end but she didn't get close. I saw this in the credits.<br /><br />Don't expect much here the worst of the series so far.
critique8856 The worst movie in the history of cinema. I don't know if it was trying to be funny or sad poignant or droll but the end result was unwatchable. Everyone from Key Grip to Robin Williams and back down to Best Boy should be ashamed to be a part of this film!
critique8857 I want very much to believe that the above quote (specifically the English subtitle translation) which was actually written not spoken in a rejection letter a publisher sends to the protagonist was meant to be self-referential in a tongue-in-cheek manner. But if so director Leos Carax apparently neglected to inform the actors of the true nature of the film. They are all so dreadfully earnest in their portrayals that I have to conclude Carax actually takes himself seriously here or else has so much disdain for everyone especially the viewing audience that he can't be bothered letting anyone in on the joke.<br /><br />Some auteurs are able to get away with making oblique bizarre films because they do so with ÃƒÂ©lan and unique personal style (e.g. David Lynch and Alejandro Jodorowsky). Others use a subtler approach while still weaving surreal elements into the fabric of the story (e.g. Krzysztof Kieslowski and David Cronenberg's later less bizarre works). In Pola X Carax throws a disjointed mess at the viewer and then dares him to find fault with it. Well here it is: the pacing is erratic and choppy in particular continuity is often dispensed with; superfluous characters abound (e.g. the Gypsy mother and child); most of the performances are overwrought; the lighting is often poor particularly in the oft-discussed sex scene; unconnected scenes are thrust into the film for no discernible reason; and the list goes on.<br /><br />Not to be completely negative it should be noted that there were some uplifting exceptions. I liked the musical score even the cacophonous industrial-techno music being played in the sprawling abandoned complex to which the main characters retreat in the second half of the film (perhaps a reference to Andy Warhol's 'Factory' of the '60s?). Much of the photography of the countryside was beautiful an obvious attempt at contrast with the grimy city settings. And even well into middle-age Cathering Deneuve shows that she still has 'it'. Her performance was also the only one among the major characters that didn't sink into bathos.<br /><br />There was an earlier time when I would regard such films as "Pola X" more charitably. Experimentation is admirable even when the experiment doesn't work. But Carax tries nothing new here; the film is a pastiche of elements borrowed from countless earlier films and after several decades of movie-viewing and literally thousands of films later I simply no longer have the patience for this kind of unoriginal poorly crafted tripe. At this early moment in the 21st century one is left asking: With the exception of Jean-Pierre Jeunet are there *any* directors in France who know how to make a watchable movie anymore? Rating: 3/10.
critique8858 I was expecting a very funny movie. Instead I got a movie with a few funny jokes and many that just didn't work. I didn't like the idea of bringing in Sherlock Holmes' and Moriarty's descendants. It was confusing. It would have been more funny if they just had someone new instead of Moriarty resurrected. Some of the things were funny. Burt Kwouk was very funny as always. McCloud on the horse was funny. The McGarrett from Hawaii 5-0 was not even McGarrett-like. Connie Booth obviously is very good with accents. She is from Indiana but played English and a New Yorker pretty well. Unfortunately she was not presented much into the script. I was expecting a more funny film. Instead I got a rather confusing movie with a poor script. Rather ironic since both Booth and Cleese were together on this one. Maybe they were about to break up in 77.
critique8859 I think it's the first time that I go inside a theater and go out so disappointed. There were two reasons why I went to see "AstÃƒÂ©rix et les Vikings": first as a film buff and second as a big AstÃƒÂ©rix fan.<br /><br />In the end the film doesn't satisfy any request. It's simply a big animated mess and it proves that the AstÃƒÂ©rix franchise is going from bad to worse.<br /><br />In fact it has been this way since the death of first scenarist RenÃƒÂ© Goscinny in 1977. His faithful collaborator illustrator Albert Uderzo took his place but the following books were clearly lacking of the quality that was present during the Goscinny years.<br /><br />"AstÃƒÂ©rix et les Vikings" is based on the book "AstÃƒÂ©rix et les Normands" which was published during the Goscinny reign. The basic story is the same: Goudurix Abraracourcix' nephew' arrives to the village and AstÃƒÂ©rix et ObÃƒÂ©lix must turn him into a real man while the Vikings come to Gaul in order to discover what fear is because it seems that fear gives wings.<br /><br />The similarities end here. What follows in the book is a non-stop series of laughs gags and hilarious dialog with the result that the Vikings do discover fear and they flee Gaul. The movie is silly unfunny fast-paced corny... Well just name a default and it has good chances of being applied...<br /><br />The difference between the book and the movie could be more acceptable if the movie was good. But the new ideas simply crashes it in a bottomless pit. Even older AstÃƒÂ©rix movies such as "AstÃƒÂ©rix le Gaulois" which almost transferred the lines one by one without changing them are easily better.<br /><br />Animation has the quality of other 21st century movies but it has its faults and any film beginner could find the mistakes. The greatest example is the continuity mistake where the day follows the night after a fraction of second in the same sequence.<br /><br />Imagine. They took animation studios from numerous countries and they still can't get adequate film-making.<br /><br />The changes of the original story are simply unbearable. And they still could be even if there was no original story. Goudurix in the movie has a pet pigeon named SMS and who act as his cell phone (!). Grossebaf the Viking chief has a rebellious teen daughter named Abba (!) and she constantly defies her father's authority. There's also a stupid Viking wizard his cartoonish dumb and muscular son the faithful bride of Grossebaf who is obsessed with decoration (her name is Vikea!) and... well I can't stand that much longer.<br /><br />We're far from the original gags from the original book. The biggest problem is the difficulty of transferring the images to the big screen mainly because the greatest laughs in the books come from the verbal jokes and visual gags which do not have the same appeal on a theatre screen. I remember that the greatest moments in the book were ObÃƒÂ©lix laughing at the invaders' names (which all finish in 'af') and Goudurix tries to scare them in ridiculous ways.<br /><br />And if everything wasn't enough somebody in the publicity staff decided to write on the movie poster that there's an already existing CÃƒÂ©line Dion song which would be featured in the final credits. If it was a new song I could have understood. But using an old song is only another proof that the movie is so badly made that they're ready to do anything in order to attract film-goers.<br /><br />The only good point for this movie is that it is so stupid and the end is so bad that we just can't walk out of the theater without being left cold. In a summer release it just can't hurt...<br /><br />The only other acceptable point of the movie is how Goudurix becomes courageous. His psychological transformation in the book is too spontaneous and not credible while it's better pictured in the movie and the motivation point is more believable.<br /><br />So if you haven't seen the movie yet don't waste your money on it. Grab the book instead.<br /><br />Oh RenÃƒÂ© why did you leave us?
critique8860 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique8861 The BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most cherished books but in this animated adaptation the magic just isn't there. This version remains pretty faithful to Dahl's original story so one can't lay the blame on John Hambley's script. If anything the fault lies with the colourless animation the lethargic pace and the generally lacklustre voice-overs. One would be right to expect this story to make for a happy vibrant fun-filled movie..... instead the film is a hopelessly dull affair that becomes quite tedious to watch. Children who are not familiar with the story should definitely read the book first! All the film will achieve is to put them off read what is actually a children's' classic.<br /><br />Young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in a none-too-friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of Mrs Clonkers. One evening she is peering through the window when she spots a massive figure walking stealthily down the village street. The figure realises it has been seen so it reaches in through the window and scoops Sophie from her bed placing her into its enormous pocket before fleeing into the night. Sophie soon discovers that she has been kidnapped by a giant from Giant Country and fears that he will eat her. But to her relief he turns out to be a kind and sensitive member of his species who introduces himself as the BFG (voice of David Jason). The BFG refuses to eat people instead restricting himself to foul-tasting vegetables known as snozzcumbers. However Giant Country is populated by numerous other giants who DO feast - every night as it happens - on poor unsuspecting humans. Sophie and the BFG become great friends and soon they come up with a plan to thwart the other giants. Together they go to the Queen of England (voice of Angela Thorne) with their remarkable story and beg her to send the army and the air force to fight the man-eating giants. The Queen agrees and so begins a dangerous operation to capture the bad giants before they can harm anyone else.<br /><br />Jason voices the BFG quite well (one of the few pluses in the film) but his good work is almost ruined by somewhat poor sound quality. The rest of the voice work is decidedly uninspired with very little to bring the characters to life. Similarly the BFG is the only character that is imaginatively animated - Sophie lacks appeal and the giants are boringly designed (and look almost indistinguishable from each other). Even the places are uninventive; Giant Country especially comes up short being nothing more than a barren wasteland with occasional rocks and canyons. At 88 minutes the film is not exactly lengthy yet it drags quite badly in parts due to the soporific handling of several sequences. Little of Dahl's mischievous humour is conveyed satisfactorily. One chapter in the book deals with the BFG's love of "whizzpopping" (farting) and is laugh-out-loud hilarious. In the film the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling. I came to the The BFG expecting lots of zest fun and enjoyment but what I got was pretty much the opposite! This one is a failed misfire that simply doesn't match the calibre of the book in any department - unfortunately therefore it must go down as one to skip.
critique8862 When I go to see movies I would stay up and watch it or if I did not like it I would go sleep but this was pure crap I actually got up and walked out!....This was poorly script and put together I hated it. Also they should not have taken Brendan Frasier off he was much better. This was not as good as I had expected considering that I really liked George of The Jungle 1 and the graphics weren't as good as the first one for instance the bird and when ever he crashed in a tree. I hope that the director of this takes heed and next movies he make he needs to reconsider...horrible! I really would like to give Ursla a job well done as she made the movie worthwhile (until I walked out)...overall I give this movie a 2 out of 10
critique8863 I looked forward to spending part of my Independence Day weekend watching a good film about Jefferson. This film was not it. It was rather long drawn out dull and unbalanced. Too much time was spent exploring Jefferson's relationship with Cosway and not enough time was spent on his relationship with Sally Hemmings. The lady who played Sally Thandie Newton was absolutely awful. Her acting was so bad it was like watching an A1 airhead trying to recite Shakespeare. Her constant whining voice grated the nerves! Nolte's accent made Jefferson sound like an ignorant man rather than a genius. Jefferson's relationship with his daughters and their feelings on slavery was also underdeveloped yet his eldest daughter's rebellion (Patsy)is a key event late in the film. The film was too long and the script lacked energy and excitement. On the positive side the costumes were quite beautiful and Greta Scacchi played the part of Cosway well. If you want to watch a film about the revolutionary era and/or Jefferson then watch 1776 it's much better than Jefferson in Paris.
critique8864 It is not obvious from viewing this film (so I recommend viewers research the people who present their case in it) but this presentation on the realities of Islam and its encouragement of violence and intolerance against all non-Muslims is lacking objectiveness and also completely fails to factor in the human condition. It is one thing to document that the Koran says many things about how a devout Muslim is required to interact with non-Muslims but any realist is able to realize that not every human who feels himself or herself to be a follower of Islam will agree with and comply with all tenets of that faith and system. There is reason to call much about the presenters into question such that viewers need to see the presentation with a healthy skepticism; don't swallow it all hook line and sinker without some thinking of your own.<br /><br />One specific for instance is researching the person Walid Shoebat; who claims to be a former Muslim who perpetrated an act of terrorism in Bethlehem. There are many wise people in the world who believe neither of these assertions. I am not nor have I ever been a Muslim. I have never read the Koran. I am not a Christian nor a member of _any_ faith. But I am an intelligent and discerning human. While the film is quite disturbing in its presentation of how SOME Muslims view their obligation to Islam; I remind you that there is more to Islam than the views of the fundamentalists. Just as their are fundamentalists and evangelical Christians so too there are variations in the intensity of belief and obligation among Jews and Muslims.<br /><br />When you watch this film you need to have the salt shaker on hand. One grain will not be enough you'll need more. Please use your own mind and think for yourself research what is presented and evaluate the state of the world and how Islam fits within it based on more than what is said in 98 minutes of video. There is a common thread of political affiliation among those who put this film together indicating a definite bias. Be your own brain.
critique8865 Although the actors do a convincing job playing the losers that parade across the screen the fact that these characters are impossible to identify with had me looking at my watch a mere 20 minutes into the film (and more than once after that). The plot development is disjointed and slow the verbal diarrhoea of the main character's only friend is practically insufferable the base quality of most of the characters actions and the cavalier way in which they are treating is annoying.<br /><br />It is typical of Ventura Pons to put forth crass psychologically handicapped characters. However this faux sociological analysis is a big step down from CARICIAS or Caresses where the characters maltreat and despise each other for well founded reasons that play out during that film. In AMOR IDIOTA we are forced to follow the meanderings of a truly subnormal intelligence as he stalks a severely depressed and detached woman. Supposedly this is due to his own depression but the script doesn't support that. I won't give away the rest of the story just in case there are any masochists out thereÃ‚Â… Is he cured through his obsession or is the woman shocked out of her own depression through his unwavering attention? Even though I watched the whole thing I wasn't made to care even for a moment about either of them.<br /><br />If you can sit through all this prejudice ignorance betrayal BAD dialogue flimsy philosophy etcÃ‚Â… the camera-work was pretty good and seems to be something inspired by the DOGMA group. The makeup also seemed to aim at showing these players in a raw and gritty light as it is the worst I've seen Cayetana Guillen Cuervo in any of her movies (while in person she is actually attractive).<br /><br />I suppose if the idea is that we should be forced to see the lower strata of society so we can be grateful we are not part of it then Pons has achieved his objective. The barrage of nearly identical sex scenes was a proper waste of film (if the actors had been filmed but once in blue green clothing the background behind them could have been changed in the special effects studio for a pittance). True that I heard much of the male audience squirm in their seats during this but an objective viewing proves that was not the real aim of those scenes.<br /><br />Save yourselves and watch something else.
critique8866 This is a voice of a person who just finished watching the second season of Rome almost at one go and grabbed the opportunity to see "what happened next" - this film conveniently takes off where Rome ends. If you find Rome an abomination a foul mouthed screw-fest of little historical accuracy then you might enjoy Imperium: Augustus. But if you feel Rome is a good thing if you enjoy the complicated intrigue the ambiance of decadence and the work of the actors then Imperium will obviously appear to you as an overly timid superfluous and tedious soap opera with not many redeeming factors.<br /><br />There are some actors who for my taste look somewhat better than these in Rome. I especially disliked Rome's image of Cleopatra as a drug-soaked sex addict. There must have been a great deal of strength and dignity in that woman and the actress in Imperium suits the part much better. O'Toole and Rampling are good and so are some others. But then... If you have come to know - and love - Atia as the super cool bitch you'll find the depiction of her in Imperium - as a tear-jerking mother goose in an apron - absolutely ridiculous. There are supposed to be some bitchy characters in Imperium but these actresses rely heavily upon staring at the men and nothing much more. You'll find no interesting female characters in this epic. There's also the painfully comic Maecenas whom we see as a screeching drag queen even though there is little historical evidence that he was such (he's once referred to as "being effeminate in his pleasures" in the annals).<br /><br />The interiors are rather meager and rely on clichÃƒÂ©s upon clichÃƒÂ©s. Cleopatra's big hall looks like something out of a computer game or a children's play room in an Egyptian theme park. There's a looooooooot of really poor 3D graphics not up to 2003 standards.<br /><br />The action is presented as a series of flashbacks the aged Augustus is reliving. So we get a quick look at some historical events some of which are presented well whereas some are not. An disproportional amount of time is wasted to show Livia as the "eternal flame" of Augustus. This affair doesn't sizzle for even a moment the dialog is superlame and everything is seasoned with tacky tear-inducing musical score. Whatever amount of reality the show aims to capture every last shred of it is destroyed by the dry synchronized dubbing (most of the actors are non English speakers).<br /><br />Everything is lukewarm in this epic. True there are more historical accuracies than in Rome but dramatically speaking it's plain boring. The characters lack depth and the dialog sharpness. Camera-work is often reduced to static shots and lighting offers nothing to please your eye.<br /><br />There's really no-one to love and no-one to hate in Imperium. Regardless of whether you liked or disliked Rome there are much better films and miniseries around. Ancient Rome: The Rise and Fall of an Empire would be one thing I recommend.
critique8867 My mistake for thinking this was a serious war-is-hell movie prior to seeing it. That all ended seconds into the film when the "MTV" logo appeared. It might as well been called "National Lampoon's Sexy-N-Loose." And it did play to the "MTV" crowd; the movie that followed those comical first few seconds played like the music videos they used to play 40+ years ago. At least Disney was smart enough to ship its Rated R stuff over to Touchtone and allowed us to take it seriously. Okay I'm being harsh; it wasn't that bad of a film. However it definitely has its share of overacting and the film is extremely biased/one-sided. Admittedly I'm not a war movie buff. I can't watch 'Platoon' 'Full Metal Jacket' or 'Saving Private Ryan' more than once. Sure they were good movies but they're not my forte and they all seem to blend in after awhile to where I wouldn't be able to distinguish one from the next. Following a tour in Iraq Phillippe plans life after the war but is drawn back in due to a clause in his contract. Or at least that's the military's plan until he goes AWOL and the characters speed cross-country on a few bucks amazingly never caught. No I haven't been in any war nor to Iraq nor do I agree with it. I also don't have all the knowledge when it comes to recruitment or signing their contracts. I can say this: though I am sorry they're drawn back into this conflict I can't feel too much for someone so dumb not to read the fine print. It's like someone on their deathbed leaning over to finally read the Surgeon General's warning on their box of cigarettes and say "Oh they're what? Deadly? I'll sue them!"
critique8868 Connie Hoffman is very pretty and is attractively topless at times.<br /><br />That's it folks. The sole reason for even considering whether to watch this film or not.<br /><br />These 70s sexploitation period pieces are sometimes entertaining by virtue of their very datedness (flared trousers big hair Zapata moustaches etc.). This one isn't.<br /><br />The script is bad the acting is bad the direction is bad and the idea of having a senior citizen romantic leading man is exceptionally bad.<br /><br />The title hinting at a sex comedy is grossly misleading.<br /><br />I heartily recommend avoiding this one like the plague.
critique8869 Normally I'm quite disposed to like low budget gonzo films but Darkman III is so appallingly unengaging that I feel nothing but contempt for it.<br /><br />It looks and feels like a TV show and a particularly shoddy one at that. The sets are sparse the lighting flat the score and effects disjointed and the camerawork is film school 101. There's no plot to speak of the characters are one dimensional and the actors are sleepwalking. Most of the cast look like they should be doing soft core porn..... In fact the only reward that I got from this mess was spotting the startling squint faced Roxann Biggs-Dawson (B'Elanna from Star Trek: Voyager) without her Klingon bumpy head makeup on. Her skin tone is about two shades lighter than it is in Voyager; either she's been bleached down for this role or blacked up for Voyager. Very strange either way.
critique8870 A stale "misfits-in-the-army" saga which half-heartedly attempts to be both surreal (the foreign subtitles) AND vulgar (the flatulence gags) but just ends up being a mix of many different kinds of humor none of them followed very successfully. Barbara Bach the Bond Girl from "The Spy Who Loved Me" has only two or three brief scenes. What a waste! (*1/2)
critique8871 I've seen some very terrible horror movies in my time and while this isn't the worst of the bunch it's certainly in the lower half. The script starts off OK. A young doctor goes to a hospital as an intern hoping it will vault him to a better job for him and his future wife. Cute huh? The movie then heads straight into the toilet when you realize that something is killing patients. Turns out that there's a demon on the basement that's harvesting people's souls. It's the job of the 1 doctor 1 nurse and 1 security guard in the entire hospital staff to drag this mental patient downstairs do a ritual that pretty much just involves cutting the tongue out and then allowing the haunted house prop of a demon to come out and steal his soul through the magic of cheesy special effects. At this point the movie gets so ridiculously stupid I was begging for it to be over. There was still an hour to go. It looked like a half an hour "Tales From the Crypt" episode that somehow got stretched into an hour and a half crap-fest. From Tiny Lister doing his best John Coffey (The Green Mile) impersonation to Tracy Scoggins playing the stereotypical frigid Nurse Ratchet this movie fails in every possible level. I gave this 2 stars for only TWO reason. 1) His fiancÃƒÂ© is pretty hot she eased the pain a little towards the end and 2) The movie actually looks OK a lot better than the current trend of horror movies being made with wal-mart quality home cameras.<br /><br />In the end avoid this turd even if you have the Blockbuster movie pass (which I do and I still felt cheated). As a bonus drinking game you and your buddies take a shot every time Matt Stasi (Dr. James Bishop) shakes his head while talking. You'll be drunk 15 minutes into the movie.
critique8872 I remember this film exhibit in Barcelona (Spain) in 1970 for the time of a week. Although it could seems incredible and I can't offer any explanation for it this movie was exhibit in a theater dedicated to... movies of art and big quality (that is Bergman Resnais Malle BuÃƒÂ±uel and... The Projected Man). Few people saw it (luckly people no doubt) and no reference about this very boring SF movie can be found in the Peter Nichols Science Fiction Encyclopidie or about the author of the original novel. Very indicative. I remember of it after all this years a no-story a lot of special effects that seems ridiculous effects in fact and no more. It seems that in some countries the running time is 90 mm. and in anothers 77 min. Well it means only a little more of pain.
critique8873 Steven Seagal movies have never been Oscar material but with each passing release they get worse and worse.<br /><br />This one starts with Seagal getting picked up by the FBI because he killed a few people 'in self defence' he's active military so is saved from jail to rescue a stolen Stealth plane that will be used by the clichÃƒÂ© 'evil English villain' that Hollywood is so obsessed with including these days.<br /><br />Suffice to say the film has terrible dialog that is almost always delivered with a hefty topping of cheese and lack of acting talent. The story isn't interesting and there are segments of it which make absolutely no sense and do not add anything to the story characters of movie as a whole such as the 'lesbian' interaction between the two main females in the cast which is there purely for titilation to get viewers and yet isn't even titilating just confusing as it makes no sense as to why it happened when it didn't need to.<br /><br />In short a terrible script with bad dialog delivered by sub-par actors boring and at times badly choreographed action scenes and non-relevant parts that only serve to achieve the near-impossible and make the movie even worse.<br /><br />Save 98 minutes of your life and give this miss even if you are Seagal's most ardent fan.
critique8874 Being born in the 1960's I grew up watching the TV "Movies of the Week" in the early 70's and loved the creepy movies that were routinely shown including "Crowhaven Farm" "Bad Ronald" "Satan's School for Girls" "Kolchak the Night Stalker" etc but this one is just plain dumb.This is obviously the writer's trying to capitalize on the horrific Manson murders from a few years earlier. The movie stars Dennis Weaver of "McCloud" and "Duel" fame as a father who takes his family camping on a beach. The family encounters some hippies who for some reason decide to terrorize the family. The reason for this is never explained and Weaver's pacifistic stance is hard to swallow. For God's sake call the police beat the hell of them or something just don't sit there and whine about it. The acting is pretty lame the story unbelievable etc. Susan Dey looks cute in a bikini but that's about it. Ignore this if it ever airs on TV.
critique8875 Wow...not in a good way.<br /><br />I can't believe people dig this trash. Most of the shows on television are pretty bad and this has been a running trend for a while now - they just keep getting worse but Las Vegas definitely takes it home. What a terrible show...<br /><br />The actors are a bunch of has-been C+ losers that never went anywhere (except James Caan...who knows what he was thinking when he signed on to this pos) so its not their fault that this show sucks. They just can't help it. Blame the producers and the writers. I can't believe they shot this and were actually proud enough of their work to air it.
critique8876 I've seen some Bible-based trash. This one tops it all. To make matters worse it lasts about three hours. A horrible waste of time unless you want to match your kid's biblical knowledge against the innumerable aberrations. Do yourself a favor - take a walk in the Sahara instead. Since I am required to give you a ten line statement of why not to watch this movie let me just say there is absolutely no redeemable quality to it. God's conversations with Noah are ridiculous. The whole thing has a stench of "let's make the Biblical account look retarded." The basic logic goes if they spent the money on a biblical film why not make it worthwhile? Since the basic logic is not met something is amiss. The movie starts with a disclaimer about Poetic Licenses taken...that is the understatement of the century. Poetic rape. But then poetic would be an unmerited favor.
critique8877 The defining scene to this movie is when the fat guy quitsbut the evil doctor just gives him one more dutycheck on the dinosaurs.Keep in mind that he no longer has this job and so is absolutely not getting paid for this.Also keep in mind it's a goddamn dinosaur and the doctor he's supposed to trust is evil and doesn't like him.But he's still likeyeah okay.That just defined the stupidity in this movie.One Melissa Brasselle proves that seriously anyone can bolt on some breasts and be in movies.I can go ride a mountain-bike between thembut hey aside from that the people of Paraguay are very nice.Eric Roberts gives his absolute worst performance so farthere's no adjective to describe how bored he is throughout.Corbin Bernsen saves what there is to save and you start rooting for himbut they have to stick to the formula of course.And I wonder how much your life sucks when you play likeone of the army guys in this one?How low can your acting career go?The special effects are so embarrassingly bad you expect a sign saying "Studio 3" to get into the frame.It's not even honest pulpit's all taken from "Carnosaur"which even sucked all by itself.And then I wonder why just anyone is allowed to make a movie.
critique8878 Something very strange happens when you talk about Global Warming: science goes out the window and "belief" and "consensus" becomes the topic of discussion.<br /><br />It's because of that fact that I give a failing mark to Al Gore's documentary.<br /><br />Instead of promoting intelligent discussion he kept the debate at the level of "belief" and "consensus".<br /><br />Of course when you're trying to sell the world into spending trillions of dollars to "stop Global Warming" you may thing it's a problem to tell the scientific truth: we don't know how much of the current warming was caused by humans. Maybe none of it maybe some of it or maybe it has over-ceded the next Ice Age and we got really lucky not to have boiled the planet.<br /><br />But the fact remains that we don't know.<br /><br />so we're asked to "believe" in the "consensus". Never mind that any scientist that strays from the "consensus" is ostracized. Never mind that scientific inquiry is about straying from the consensus. Einstein didn't "believe" in the consensus neither did Copernicus or Galileo.<br /><br />So why so much scorn placed on those very researchers who would advance the field by asking the tough questions? If Global Warming is so incontrovertible surely a few people testing that theory can't be so threatening.<br /><br />What is going on here? That's the movie I was hoping Al Gore would have made. Istead he chose to shore up his support with the true "believers" of the "consensus".<br /><br />Sad really.
critique8879 Where the hell are all these uncharted islands where prehistoric monsters lurk evil doctors perform their experiments madmen hold the ultimate karate championship and the uber-rich hunt humans for sport? I had no idea there were still so many uncharted islands out there but if you take into account the number of movies that utilize one of these mysterious islands as a location you'd have to assume that there are at least 50 of these suckers out there. It always winds up feeling so damned convenient and I immediately deduct points from any movie that uses this hackneyed device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist who is conducting experiments on one of these uncharted islands so the movie already had a lot to make up for before it even began.<br /><br />The island in this movie used to belong to Dr. Moreau but has recently been purchased by the Re-Animator himself Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey is doing some kind of cutting edge stem cell research which has led him to start working with sharks while searching for a cure for cancer. If that sounds familiar that's because this is roughly the same basic set-up as the smart shark facility in Deep Blue Sea not to mention a host of other Nu Image movies. So apparently Jeffrey's son was dying of cancer which prompted our mad doctor to start experimenting on his progeny. He did some kind of super fancy gene splicing and so forth turning his son into a shark-man.<br /><br />William Forsythe leads a crew of unknown actors to the island to look into the doctor's experiments. If someone would have given him a sailor's hat William would have been a dead ringer for the Skipper from Gilligan's Island. In typical Bond Villain fashion the doctor decides that all of these intruders would make nice chum for his son. Not chums like buddies... chum like shark food. So enter shark-boy who starts stalking the Skipper and his cohorts all over the island. They of course make half-hearted attempts to escape and are thwarted over and over again while being chased by a guy in a rubber shark-man suit. <br /><br />The movie didn't make up any of the points that it lost for taking place on one of those dastardly deserted islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead it made me think of an old joke. Why do you hit yourself in the head with a hammer? Because it feels so good when you stop. That's pretty much how this movie is. The only reason to watch it is because it feels so good when it's over.
critique8880 I'm accustomed to being patient with films because I've generally found it usually pays off. But a few works take tedium to new levels and enter the realm of provocation...."Last Year at Marienbad" comes to mind. Well "Pola X" ain't no "Last Year at Marienbad". I can count on one hand the number of films I've walked out on over the years. "Pola X" achieved membership in that august group. In my defense I believe I made a valiant effort to stand my ground - hoping things would turn around. However I finally threw in the towel just shy of the 90 minute mark - quite respectable under the circumstances. "Pola X" does not come anywhere near living up to the promise of Carax's earlier work. After a 10 year hiatus that must have been bitter for him indeed. Melville is still spinning in his grave!
critique8881 I went to see this movie to kill some time. I remember Cole Hauser in "Tigerland" and although his acting is wooden he does portray a tough "leader" character. Same here. This movie was about a bunch of young hot scientists and divers exploring a cave in Romania that one has to dive to see. The beginning scene was very interesting with a bunch of Romanian or Russian men exploring the cave in search of booty. Flash forward 30 years and we have a team of divers called in by some scientist and his crew to explore some cave for some unknown scientific purpose. <br /><br />There is a lot of clichÃƒÂ©d useless talk. The women are too hot for their jobs let's face it. I hate to watch the lips of these women talk about the guys while drinking beer at the pre-cave exploration party. I mean it was like we were at some bar with frat and sorority types talking about the opposite sex--not a group of scientists and divers. Every character had ZERO personality with perhaps exception of the scientist who at least wasn't one of the young and beautiful people. So the acting although workmanlike was not inspiring. <br /><br />The dialog was pretty bad. At one point in the movie Cole Hauser ("Jack") the lead diver--his irises morph into the Cingular wireless symbol and stay like that. We are led to believe that since he was scratched by one of these monsters that he is turning into one of them. Fair enough. But first of all nobody says the obvious thing to him: "What is up with your EYES dude??" No. Everybody just talked about how he's "changed" and that he should not be the leader of the group anymore. And then this guy says "you see how he's not HUMAN". Huh? If they really believed he was a friggin' monster then why not act like it? Instead the group splits in two--those who go with Jack and those who go their separate ways I guess thinking him to be a monster. It makes no sense.<br /><br />The best scene in the movie was this blonde diver woman crawls up a cave wall and gets attacked by this goblin. Her scream really sucked--but she fought like hell to dispatch the goblin.<br /><br />The photography was fine when the camera was STILL. But any action sequences the director found it useful to confuse the hell out of us by flashing bubbles flashlights dark space god knows what. I wish they would just show us a scene straight once in awhile. Just because you move the camera all over the place doesn't make the movie any SCARIER folks. <br /><br />This movie could have been a lot better if the following changes had been made:<br /><br />1. every actor was replaced by someone who looked real. Let Cole Hauser be the lead it's OK to let him be the good-looking one. I'm getting tired of seeing 20-something supermodel scientists. Give me a break people!<br /><br />2. The cinematographer was fired and replaced by one who just pointed the camera and sat still. This could be the director's fault I don't know. Jumpy camera (as in Constant Gardener) is getting old folks.<br /><br />3. We got to see the goblins actually devour the people. How bout some gore? There's not much else in this movie. We barely got to see the creatures--I felt a little ripped off about that. <br /><br />4. The ending was pretty lame. During the denouement the sexy British scientist has a secret...guess what that is? It's a bit canned. The ending would have been better if they all died instead of the Black guy (Morris Chestnut) who seemed to breathe a little sympathy into his character just by his worried expressions. All the other actors had NO expression.<br /><br />I gave it a 4 out of 10 because after all the acting was without noticeable errors and the concept was fairly original. I'd like to see Cole do more military roles--he's good at it.
critique8882 My first opinions on this movie were of course bad.I was expecting a horrible crappy acting bad entertainment ridiculous special effects movie.What I got was actually not that bad.The special effects were absolutely horrible but I found the movie itself quite interesting and the script was actually pretty good and decent.The acting wasn't THAT bad and overall I had fun watching this movie.It's still a pretty bad film but it's not completely worthless like I thought it was going to be and I'm pleased to know that this movie managed to wow me even when it wasn't that good.Overall it's a film that should be avoided but to me it wasn't as bad as I was expecting it to be.
critique8883 This movie is based on the series Street Fighter Alpha (or Zero)! It is placed in an other setting than Streetfighter the animated movie! This movie is all about Ryu who is accompanied by Ken and Chun Li. I recognized RoseZanghief and Birdie! There weren't any other characters used from the video game (that i could discover)! The fighting scenes were OK but nothing really spectacular! And there were not many of them! To me this is odd! Isn't Streetfighter about fighting! Streetfighter the animated movie (1994) is far superior to this movie. It tries to be more than it really is! The use of the "Hada Power" and other supernatural elemnents have nothing to do with skills the characters have in the video game! And in this case that is a bad thing! The story is so boring that you don't really care what is happening! The action is toned down considerably! Why? And what happened to the other characters from the video game! Surely they are more interesting than the villain in this story! The main attraction of the video game are the characters with their own special skills! In this movie it is all about Ryu! That is why this anime fails!
critique8884 I had a lot of expectations from this movie and more so since it was a Yashraj Film.<br /><br />Jimmy operates a call centre and one day he is invited by Pooja Singh to teach her boss Lakhan Singh English. The two fall in love and decide to run away but Pooja tells Jimmy that she can't do this as she owes a debt to Lakhan Singh who is also known as Bhaiyyaji. But they decide and steal money from him and its only then that Jimmy finds out that Bhaiyyaji / Lakhan Singh is a Don. In the meantime Bhaiyyaji hires a man Bachchan Pandey to track down Jimmy and Pooja.<br /><br />Starring Saif Ali Khan Kareena Kapoor Anil Kapoor and Akshaye Kumar the movie is directed by first time director Viay Krishna Acharya and is produced by both Aditya Chopra and Yash Chopra.<br /><br />"Tashan" has to be one of the worse films that I have ever watched. Yes! The scenery is good and Kareena Kapoor (and her much publicised weight loss) looks good. But plot is extremely thin on story and at times makes no sense from one scene to the other - hence why I have said at the beginning that I had expected more from this film as it was a Yashraj Production. With reference to songs unfortunately there is not one song that I can remember now.<br /><br />There are moments where one can laugh and that is mainly thanks to Akshaye Kumar and Saif could have definitely done better while Kareena Kapoor played her part well. But this cannot be said for Anil Kapoor - it did not suit him at all as a villain. Lastlynever mind Aditya Chopra who in the past has produced and directed good films such as "Mohabbatein" what was Yash Chopra doing by producing such a trash movie? <br /><br />Conclusion: Bad movie not worth wasting your time and that is my first and last impression.
critique8885 If you like bad movies this is the one to see. It's incredibly low-budget special effects (you'll see what I mean) and use of non-actors was what gave this film it's charm. If you're bored with a group of friends I highly recommend renting this B movie gem. It's mulletrific!
critique8886 Why???? What a disgusting joke of a supposed movie...from the poster it looked like a cute movie.. what a disappointment.. who the heck is the male lead? He looks like an old retarded retired reject cop... I am a cop and I can tell.. the man can't act... go back to being a cop..no screen presence.. why did they show his bare ass so as if he is Mel Gibson hell no... put the filmmaker out of business.. this guy has no business making a movie... I seriously doubt women or gay men find him attractive... whoever cast the film is a no talent hack who cast no talent hacks in the lead.. it's great that us white guys are alway getting the Asian women but why an ugly white guy why not Dean Cain or Brad Pitt as the white boyfriend.. why to Asian women like ugly white guys or black guys in what I see??? Don't get it.. must be low self esteem..<br /><br />The only hot girl who can act in the movie was the Kate Holliday..why was there one hot white chick among all the rest of the ugly Asian chicks who think they are hot and can act???<br /><br />Only two actors in this movie the Host of the Poetry at the end of the movie and the one hot white chick in the massage house.. TL Young and Kate Holliday should have been the leads in the movie..<br /><br />The Asia Character was ridiculous looked like she was trying too hard to be some kind of ghetto/sexy black girl...key word here is "trying"..<br /><br />Gina.. you can't act and you are not hot enough physically for this kind of role.. you need to play character roles and be more humble in your self presentation..<br /><br />I think the actress is Gina Hirazumi... I looked her up on the IMDb and she is a great Asian Actress???? if that is the case I don't want to see what the bad Asian American actresses are..<br /><br />. No wonder Hollywood doesn't have Asian American Actors!!! if this is the best they got!!! they were supposedly winning some kind of Asian film award?? give me break...it looked like they just made a movie for the sake of putting a bunch of Asian girls in them.. they aren't even hot..Gina...you are not hot.. stop trying..play character roles and improve your acting..you are not a leading female type...<br /><br />If this movies makes money pigs can fly..sorry for being so blunt but I feel that these actors/ actresses need to either get better or work on their craft: for the exception of the two actors I mentioned who should have played the leads.. I say this in love for all the Asian lead girls in the film please do what your parents say and go and be doctors/lawyers/and engineers...and do acting on the side for fun..hopefully that is what you are doing now.. I am not trying to be mean but hoping this will be read and push you people to either get better or go do another business.. there was not even a message ethically in this movie..<br /><br />I would not be surprised if "Soap Girls" was secretly funded by members of the Ku Klux Klan special department of Asian American hate propaganda of the Klan<br /><br />.. Otherwise Asian people must hate themselves..seeing this film makes me as the viewer grateful that I am not Asian..you folks are pathetic..have some self respect you Asian people.
critique8887 This film is absolutely horrific. One of the worst movies I've ever seen. The story does nearly not exist the characters are full of stereotypes and the Special-FX only make you laugh. The only remarkable thing about this movie is the guest appearance of the Rapper Coolio as some kind of police officer.<br /><br />If this film was supposed to be a comedy I didn't quite get the point. If you want to watch this movie: please get yourself drunk first and then prepare for some good laughs...especially when the first Special-FX appear on the screen.<br /><br />But if you like trash movies made on the cheap: this film is a must-see for you.
critique8888 I am not quite sure I agree with the director of this version of The Scarlet Pimpernel. I imagined Sir Percy Blakeney a very calm seemingly lazy aristocrat. This particular Sir Percy Blakeney appears to be teeming with overwhelming energy and volatility. I did not appreciate the Houdini James Bond Mission Impossible style escapes that Sir Percy engineered either. In the previous versions wit was the tool for escape not technology. Neither were the characters of Marguerite and Chauvelin adequately portrayed. There seemed to be little energy or chemistry in the interaction between the characters.<br /><br />I do not wish to assign any blame for perhaps the reason for my dislike of this movie might simply be a matter of difference in interpretation. Had the director's interpretation coincided with mine perhaps I might not have been irritated by what seemed to me bad character portrayals.<br /><br />I much preferred the version from 1982. Anthony Andrews was quite efficient as the imperturbable calm fop. So were Jane Seymour and Ian McKellen. In my opinion the style of this period piece seems to have been lost with this latest adaption. I recommend sticking with the previous versions either the one from 1934 or the one from 1982.<br /><br />
critique8889 Scotty (Grant Cramer who would go on to star in the great B-movie "Killer Klowns from outer space") agrees to help three middle-aged guys learn how to 'dialog' the ladies in this bad '80's comedy. Not bad as in '80's lingo which meant good. Bad as in bad. With no likable characters including but not limited to a kid who's the freakiest looking guy since "Friday the 13th part 2"' a girl who leads men on and then goes into hissy fits when they want to touch her and the token fat slob because after all what would an '80's sex comedy be without a fat slob?? Well this one has two. This movie is pretty much the bottom of the barrel of '80's sex comedies. And then came the sequel thus deepening said proverbial barrel.<br /><br />My Grade:D- <br /><br />Eye Candy: too numerous to count you even see the freaky looking kid imagined with boobs at on point think "Bachlor Party" but not as funny and VERY disturbing.<br /><br />Where I saw it: Comcast Moviepass
critique8890 I went to the movies to see 'Beat Street' / it wasn't bad it was kinda' neat / 'Krush Groove' was a flick that I didn't mind / but when it came to 'Rappin' I drew the line. Word to your mother.<br /><br />Want me to stop?<br /><br />That's just a small sample of the stupa-fly style of rhymin' on display in this waste of film and location permits. This movie is seriously wack (thats 80s-speak for just f*cking awful). As an emcee Mario Van Peebles is one hell of an actor. And as an actor Mario Van Peebles is one hell of a bodybuilder.<br /><br />Any film calling itself "Rappin'" had better deliver at that genre's highest standard of the time. So why were 6 year olds rolling in the aisles even back in the day when standards were so knee-high-to-"Webster"-low? Because this rap is weak. So weak that not even B.E.T. or Comedy Central will touch it with a 10-foot gold-rope chain.<br /><br />Blondie's "Rapture" is def poetry next to this bit of Dr. Suess in the hood. So don't be a boobie avoid this movie!<br /><br />
critique8891 There are so many goofy things about this movie that I can't possibly name but a few:<br /><br />BOGART's character: 1. His name Ã‚Â– Whip McCord (too easy so I'll leave it at that. Boy it makes `Humphrey' sound good.) 2. His long curly hair and silly sideburns. 3. His Black Bart get-up complete with spurs! 4. Not sure what shade of lipgloss they've got him wearing but it ain't none too flattering.<br /><br />CAGNEY's character (Jim Kincaid ): 1. His lipstick doesn't do him any favors either. 2. The man is being swallowed by his hat during the entire film! Could they not find a hat to fit him? Even a LITTLE?!!?! 3. His pants are too tight in the rear. 4. He blows the smoke off his gun one too many times if you know what I mean and I think you do.<br /><br />If you are a casual Bogart or Cagney fan and figure it might be a change of pace to see them in a western do yourself a favor and forget that thought. EVEN THE HORSES LOOK EMBARRASSED! (That is when they don't look bored.)<br /><br />In all fairness I admit that westerns are my least favorite film genre but I've still seen much MUCH better than this.<br /><br />On a comedy level or as high camp The Oklahoma Kid works. Otherwise it's viewer beware. Therefore see this only if a) you must see every western out there b) you are a TRUE Cagney or Bogie completist c) any of the above comments appeal to you. WoahÃ‚Â…..
critique8892 The people at ABC forgot to do their biographical research... so many scenes were just plain wrong! The actor playing JPII was very rigid there was no personality there. It is very very obvious that this movie was on the bottom of the programming totem poll the move is so low budget. The script is terrible. Conversations like: "You must follow the rules" "No the people are starving." Lame. Plus the movie was jumping like crazy from event to event in order to fit it into the two hours. Terrible! A better use of your time would be to watch a PBS documentary on JPII. Also CBS put out a miniseries on JPII that is better than ABC by far. JPII was a wonderful man and it bothers me to think that my grandkids might get a hold of this ABC movie and think that THAT is what he was really like!
critique8893 For a horror film this is criminally dull. A few memorable gruesome bits can't compensate for a really poor script. Very little coherence is achieved and the movie relentlessly overplays its one basic idea (a killer cat) until it becomes repetitive - and things are made even worse by the constant use of shots from the cat's point-of-view. (*1/2)
critique8894 This sequel to Problem Child is just as bad as the first one. It still teaches kids that it's O.K. to be bad. It's impossible for me to recommend this movie to anyone.
critique8895 If you are going to make a movie from any book be sure that the characters are consistant with that book. This movie not only defied the Biblical story that has been told for thousands upon thousands of years to children one way or another but it clearly took liberties that no adaptation would probably ever try. At least the Lord of the Rings is close enough to the books that people understand the story more if they read the books than this "Noah's Ark" tried to.
critique8896 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique8897 20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie. Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov who also produced and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more. Miscast is Ida Lupino in the leading role! Lupino a lady who was capable of exuding about as much sex appeal as a blood orange is here under the illusion she is Rita Hayworth playing the part of a sexy bar-room Torch Singer. Handsome Cornel Wilde as her lover is as wooden as usual and totally wasted is the talented Celeste Holm who's role is little more than a bit part. Then we have Richard Widmark who has the most ludicrously written part in the picture! When we first see him he is a nice O.K. guy who runs a thriving Road House. Then suddenly - and for reasons that are not sufficiently made clear - he becomes insanely jealous of his manager (Wilde) when the latter tells him that he is about to marry Lupino. You see Widmark wanted to marry her himself but - 1) He never proposed to her - 2) They never had a relationship (they don't even have anything that resembles a love scene together) and - 3)without telling anyone (including Lupino) he has obtained a marriage license. Wow! So how Widmark was to achieve something like wedded bliss with Lupino after such a "courtship" is anybody's quess. Huh? Well when Widmark goes to pieces over the whole affair so also does the movie I am sorry to say. From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical! His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing. He finally goes over the edge becomes completely deranged and with a few Tommy Udo sniggers he laughably goes gunning for poor Cornel Wilde before biting the dust himself.<br /><br />And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors. There's not a single outdoor shot in the entire movie! Added to this - 95% of the film takes place at night.<br /><br />Besides an interactive press book and a photo gallery the extras also includes a featurette "Widmark & Lupino At Fox". Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me! As far as I know they were never before together in a movie at Fox or anywhere else! However this featurette is hosted by such heavy hitter know-alls as Robert Osborne Eddie Muller Rudy Belhmer and a few others who amazingly heap praise on this wearisome and cringe - inducing affair. All I can say then it must be me I guess. But "Road House" up to now was a forgotten and buried Noir and as far as I am concerned it should have remained so.<br /><br />Fox would do better if they issued DVDs of superior and thus far elusive Widmark movies like "Down To The Sea In Ships" (1949) and the colourful "Red Skies Of Montana" (1952).
critique8898 In THE FAN Robert De Niro plays Gil Renard . Or is it Travis Bickle ? or Rupert Pupkin ? Or Max Cady ? You see the problem with this type of role is that De Niro has played very very similar characters in TAXI DRIVER  THE KING OF COMEDY and CAPE FEAR and unfortunately the characters were better developed and had better scripts . I found it slightly difficult to believe that Renard would have started out as a frustrated obsessive sports fan into being an out and out psycho<br /><br />The character arc isn't the only problem with this script - It also lacks a character focus ( A problem I had with THE UNTOUCHABLES where De Niro should have been superb but ended up slightly flat )  for several stretches of the movie I kept thinking that Bobby Rayburn was the main character then the story switches back to Renard . It also seems to have disappointed a lot of sports fans who seem to think this should have concentrated a bit more on baseball . I'm not sure if this was meant to appeal to baseball fans originally but again there are elements which hint it might have if the producers had made up their minds has to who and what the story should focus upon <br /><br />I will admit I was entertained by THE FAN ( Especially by the soundtrack ) but it is a very flawed film and it should be remembered that by the mid 1990s characters being stalked by nutters as in SINGLE WHITE FEMALE  UNLAWFUL ENTRY etc had run out of steam a long time ago
critique8899 This movie has a few things going for it right off the bat. Having Dani Filth as a lead actor is automatically going to make some people like this movie. Admittedly I love Cradle of Filth and listened to the soundtrack to this movie long before I watched it. Dani Filth is a very recognizable character and makes for a great lead. The independent filming style of the movie is great for the creepy factor. There are some GORGEOUS actresses in this movie. For being low budget the special effects weren't bad either. The ways that people died were very creative and nightmarish.<br /><br />Now on to the cons. There is VERY little talking throughout this whole movie thus making for very little as far as character development. It's hard to fear for the lives of limp static characters. When there was a little talking the F bomb was abundant popping up in random places. Yes I understand people swear but it seems like a preteen boy scripted this and thought himself cool for including all the language. The storyline what I could make out of it was pretty good although many parts are left dangling and the lack of conversation leaves one often wondering what's happening.<br /><br />In the end Cradle of Fear is like a porno for people who love sex and violence but like a porno trying to pull of a storyline it just doesn't work too well. Rent it though if you're a morbid person looking to sate your blood and flesh appetite.
critique8900 Got this off of usenet so I wasn't prepared for the heavy (and I do mean EXCEPTIONALLY heavy) religious theme. Not that I'm one of Satan's disciples or anything but it was very heavy handed.<br /><br />On top of that the acting stunk. It might be because they had to get good little boys to play bad little boys but it didn't work.<br /><br />There was some pretty cool filmmaking involved so any fan of directorial style might want to check it out but be ready with the fast forward buttons.<br /><br />There was some sloppiness to the editing. In particular a black Mustang (probably a representation of Satan?) squares off against a white 240Z. Wheels spin camera changes and whattya know that white 240Z is transmogrified into a white Civic.<br /><br />I gave up early on so I can't vouch for the moral impact of it. But I would like to point out that this sort of film is totally preaching to the choir. If the director/writer/producer was trying to bring religion to the unwashed streetracing masses they went about it all wrong. I think I'd rather watch an adult diaper commercial than listen to a steely-gazed bible thumper rant about Jesus' dying for us. Yawn.<br /><br />
critique8901 I like many folks believe the 1989 epic Lonesome Dove was one of the best westerns ever produced maybe THE best. And realizing that most sequels (in this case a prequel) are certain to disappoint my expectations were low. Comanche Moon met that expectation with its marginal directing and acting poor casting and frankly a lousy script. <br /><br />Lonesome Dove created western heroes of Captains McCrae and Call due to incredibly strong performances by Robert Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones. Prior to living in Lonesome Dove we believed they bravely fought to rid Texas of bandits and savage Indians during their rangering years. <br /><br />If I had only seen Comanche Moon I would think these two boneheads were a couple of incompetent cowardly idiots. In Lonesome Dove Call and McCrae supposedly chased Blue Duck all over Texas and never managed to capture or kill him. In Comanche Moon a shot to Call's boot heel convinced him to settle down and raise cattle. There wasn't a decent fistfight or gun fight in the entire miniseries. The best punch was McCrea sucker punching Inez Scull a funny scene but out of character for McCrae.<br /><br />Where was McCrae's wit and charm? Clara's love for McCrae a drunken unshaven slob and philanderer was completely implausible. And Maggie's love for Call a dispassionate and sullen loner defies logic. <br /><br />The cinematography was excellent superior to the original. Credit goes not only to HD technology but the cinematographer. The Comanche Moon miniseries was better than anything else on TV for three nights but sadly that's not saying much.
critique8902 The monster from Enemy Mine somehow made his way into a small mountain community where he has taken up residence. He's being hunted by a female doctor-turned-vigilante who is out to exterminate him. This female assassin who looks like a refugee from a Motley Crue video rides around on a motorcycle and tries to save a bunch of kids who have chosen to have a Big Chill weekend right smack dab in the middle of the monster's turf. Decapitations and lots of blood are primarily in place to draw attention away from the story which limps along like a bad version of the Island of Dr. Moreau (and yes it's worse than the one with Val Kilmer).
critique8903 DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!<br /><br />I had to see why all the critics fawn over this movie. I have seen it and still don't get it. The Plot is thin very thin. After the movie was over I still did not know the female lead characters name and one of the two male characters did not even have a name in the credits he is credited as "the farmer". I did not care about the characters so I did not care about the movie.<br /><br />The scenery and cinematography were brilliant but so is the stuff on National Geographic or The Discovery Channel.<br /><br />I can not recommend this movie to anyone.
critique8904 This is the worst film I have ever seen so bad it is astonishing. I am glad that I have never seen that black sidekick in any other film: OK it wasn't his fault that someone gave him those lines but he could have refused the role and tried to learn how to act instead. How did anyone get the money to put this film together. Is there some corporation in Hollywood that deals with trash for male college students with no brain? "Oh yeah they will love this one: it's got no believable plot some kungfu movements Chuck Norris a black sidekick with bad corny lines a sweet little Israeli (or is he an Arab or does anyone care?) boy pickpocket and the devil." Brilliant and many thanks to all concerned for enriching the human race.
critique8905 Embarassing is the only word to describe this laughingly awful production. From the blatant disregard of the source material (sure to infuriate anyone remotely familiar with mythology) to the predictably insufficient production value this entire mini-series is a train wreck.<br /><br />The cast (which includes some good actors whom I pity) delivers the illogical dialogue in the same generic "European" accent so common to bad epics. Worse is the lack of originality in almost all other aspects from costume and set design (blurring together styles from across time and space) to the score (which seems to poorly mimic many recognizable classical tunes as well as "Lord of the Rings"). Most offensive of all are the visual effects which single- handedly prove that if you can't afford to do them well WRITE THEM OUT.<br /><br />It pained me to see yet another legendary tale bastardized by a cheap "adaptation." Maybe one day someone will do it right.
critique8906 After watching a dozen episodes I decided to give up on this show since it depicts in an unrealistic manner what is mathematical modeling. In the episodes that Charlie would predict the future behavior of individuals using mathematical models I thought that my profession was being joked about. I am not a mathematician instead a chemical engineer but I do work a lot with mathematical models. So I will try to explain to the layman why what is shown is close to "make-believe" of fairy tales.<br /><br />First choosing the right model to predict a situation is a demanding task. Charlie Eppes is shown as a genius but even him would have to spend considerable time researching for a suitable model specifically for trying to guess what someone will do or where he will be in the near future. Individuals are erratic and haphazard there is no modeling for them. Isaac Asimov even wrote about that in the 1950's. Even if there were a model for specific kind of individual it would be a probabilistic (stoichastic) one meaning it has good chance of making a wrong prediction.<br /><br />Second supposing the right model for someone or a situation is found the model parameters have to be known. These parameters are the constants of the equations such as the gravity acceleration (9.8 m/s2) and often are not easy to determine. Again Charlie Eppes would have to be someone beyond genius to know the right parameters for the model he chooses. And after the model and the parameters are chosen they would have to be tested. Oddly they are not and by miracle they fit exactly the situation that is being predicted.<br /><br />Third a very important aspect of modeling is almost always neglected not only by Numbers but also by sci-fi movies: the computational effort required for solving these models. Try to make Excel solve a complex model with many equations and variables and one will find doing a Herculean job. Even if Charlie Eppes has the right software to solve his models he might be stuck with hardware that will be dreadfully slow. And even with the right software/hardware combination the model solution might well take days to be reached. He solves them immediately! I could use his computer in my research work I would be very glad.<br /><br />As a drama it is far from being the best show. The characters are somewhat stereotyped but not even remotely funny as those in Big Bang Theory are. The crimes are dull and the way Charlie Eppes solves them sometimes make the FBI look pretty incompetent.<br /><br />For some layman the show might work. For others the way things are handled makes it difficult to swallow!
critique8907 Thank you Hollywood. Yet another movie classic utterly ruined by a cheap shallow effect-heavy and redundant remake. The original "Planet of the Apes" was an intelligent and thought-provoking movie with a very clear message. It was a movie that focused almost entirely on dialogue which sounds very dull but was in fact very interesting. <br /><br />This movie on the other hand seems to have done away with pretty much ALL the dialogues. Instead of a great movie we get an incredibly stupid two hour chase movie. Dialogue has been reduced to a mere minimum character interaction and development are non-existent and most of the time it's extremely hard to figure out what's going on. Instead we get a bunch of pointless action scenes some marginally funny one-liners and some very hollow quasi-intelligent conversations. <br /><br />The only thing worth mentioning about this movie is that it looks absolutely fantastic. The make-up of the apes is magnificent and the sets and backgrounds are beautiful too. However this does not distract from the fact that "Planet of the Apes (2001)" is a very shallow and simplistic movie filled with paper-thin characters stupid dialogue and a nearly non-existent plot. Please Hollywood stop ruining great movies by turning them into senseless blockbusters.<br /><br />Oh yeah the ending did not make ANY SENSE WHATSOEVER.<br /><br />* out of **** stars mainly for the visuals<br /><br />
critique8908 Although it has been 2 years I still remember the complete waste that comprises the entire plot of the movie. Unfortunately I came across this movie after my friends and I selected it while browsing through the new releases at Blockbuster. We decided to pick the movie because it was the only one we all had not seen and it sounded like it may be enjoyable. Although it has been quite some time since I viewed the movie I still remember the lack of plot (seriously there is no true plot) and complete waste of time that was spent watching the movie. If you are in the video store and this film catches your eye walk on and find a better movie. If you did end up seeing this movie I understand your pain :)
critique8909 I rented this movie because the DVD cover made it look like it was going to be a ridiculous college comedy like van wilder or animal house. I took it to my friend house to watch for movie night. We ended up stopping it 15 minutes into the film and watched Copper Mountain instead. I don't know if any of you have seen Copper Mountain but it isn't great either. However I would have to say that the Alan Thick Jim Carrey Duo made it a more enjoyable watch.<br /><br />I later finished Puddle Cruiser. This movie was slow and the humor was forced. This movie reminded me of some stinkers that I saw in some of my earlier production classes in college. I was left wondering "was this the film that enabled Broken Lizard to make Supertroopers?" Also how could this movie suck so bad? Supertroopers was good and Club Dread was decent. Don't see this movie!
critique8910 This movie is not realistic at all more of a comedy than a serious war film. Very old-fashioned too. Maybe I was just expecting it to be on a same level with "Platoon". I wonder why 50% of the voters gave it 10? Something must be wrong.
critique8911 Savage Island (2003) is a lame movie. It's more like a home video shot with very minimal lighting and horrid acting. Not only that the storyline and script was wretched. I don't know why this movie was made. I have seen a lot of flicks in my time and the ones I really hate are movies that make me angry. This one made my blood boil. The situations were inane at best. If I made a movie like this it would have been a short. Really because those backwood "idjits" wouldn't have been in the picture.<br /><br />Don't be fooled by the cover on the D.V.D. I am an avid watcher of bad cinema. But this movie is virtually unwatchable. I don't mind movies being shot on D.V. but if you're going to do that make the movie enjoyable not some tired retread of superior horror films (sans Wrong Turn).<br /><br />I have to not recommend this waste of disk. If you come across this one in the rental store pass on by.<br /><br />Movies that make yours truly angry get an automatic 1.
critique8912 this seemed an odd combination of Withnail and I with A Room with a View.. sometimes it worked other times it did not. tragedy that they changed the name for the US release though.. Keep the Apidistra Flying is much better than the nothing title A Merry War. acting was okay script was okay.. overall it was a mediocre film..
critique8913 I rarely give ratings less than 5 but in this instance I must weigh in. Elmore Leonard is a great writer with many wonderful complex books original characters crisp dialogue invigorating plot twists. Films based on his books go way back to Hombre (Paul Newman) Mr. Majestyk (Bronson) and Out of Sight (Clooney / Lopez) among others. Even when done so-so the films at least have some measure of story essence coming through. This one .... it is simply not a worthy addition to the catalog.<br /><br />The acting is bad (I do not know why because these are very capable people here) and the story is handled with stupidity. The characters are re-arranged the chemistry is missing the actors and actresses are mis-cast.<br /><br />Since Elmore Leonard is a really great story teller I would hope that anyone who does not know his work would be dissuaded from reading his books because they saw this disappointing rendition of one of his stories.<br /><br />The story is a sequel to Get Shorty. If you have not seen that film do not watch this. If you have seen Get Shorty do not proceed to this.<br /><br />I saw Be Cool a few years back and tonight have been re-visiting the vid. The first time must not have made such a negative impression because I had forgotten how dismal this sequel was.<br /><br />Fortunately I think no less of those who appeared in this film for having done so. They probably expected something more. Get Shorty was original and great fun. Travolta I nearly always like but he is so much better in Tarantino's Pulp Fiction and in the preceding Get Shorty. He was clearly unable to enjoy whatever was going on here.<br /><br />And I hear Freaky Deakyanother Elmore Leonard book is in pre-production for 2008 release. Hopefully they can pull it off.<br /><br />Read the books. They are almost all great.
critique8914 And finally old old Michael Corleone falls over and goes 'THUMP!' Who REALLY did the writing for this last installment of the Godfather saga? Probably the same staff who does "As the World Turns." This flick doesn't deserve the title "Godfather" at all. Let's call this one "The Cosas of Our Nostras" or "All My Capos". As someone who's encountered a number of Mafia people in my business life I can say without exception that I've never met any mobster as inwardly-conflicted and contemplative as Michael Corleone. Let's face it these guys are in the Mafia solely because they're greedy nothing more. In this film Don Corleone spends lots of time pondering his past deeds and his bleak future perhaps even the Afterlife then recovers remarkably fast in order to pull off some fantastic business deal or order the death of this one or that one like the big time operator he is deep down. Then there's his failed marriage. After the break-up scenes in G2 we may hope that Michael & Kay will reunite as man and wife but here they seem to just become very good platonic friends who can laugh & cry & share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's as if the screenwriters try to make Michael into a woman. It's bizarre behavior for two people who shared the passion of the marriage bed for 9 years. There's some miscasting here and there or perhaps they're sins of authorship. Poor old-country-beautiful Sophia Coppola is saddled with a hopeless role with too many short lines in the film that don't fit what a young woman would say in casual conversations - was given "remarks" rather than "lines" to emote. Her 'passionate' lovemaking scene with Andy Garcia looks like something from a bad teen sex comedy as they chew their open-mouthed kisses and fondle each others backsides on the kitchen drainboard like marionettes...scullery sex was brought off wonderfully by Glenn Close and Michael Douglas but it's just laughable here. Then there's Andy's character Vinnie Mancini who's also given a difficult & thankless role to play. He's expected I guess to be the new new Don Corleone but he's almost handed the job on a silver platter and has to do little to strengthen his position unlike Michael's simultaneous hits on all 5 Families in G1. This hand-me-down process may be an authentic way of transferring power in a Mafia Family but why is so much made of this boring routine? Certainly Don Vincent may earn the respect of his fellow gangsters someday but there's little character revelations in the script to give us a portrait of this young man sadly. Puzo did such a fine job of quickly & concisely developing Michael's character in G1. But G3 has no economy in it's story-telling and we suffer through drawn out expositories until we just want to take a snooze. Thirdly George Hamilton was also handed a thankless task in taking over as family lawyer after Robt Duvall reportedly turned down a 3rd installment as Tom Hagen. George wisely underplayed his role so it came off without damage to the actor. The development of Connie Corleone's character is interesting but it goes too far when she takes murderous matters into her own hands (she could well end up sleeping with the Fredos if this were the real world). But it's not all bad. The assassination scene in the hotel penthouse is nifty! Also "they keep pulling me back in" or words to that effect is a great line. And we recover some old-country feel as we get to go back to Sicily even if it's all done in 1989 and they've got modern cars & haircuts. The plot lines involving the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church are pretty interesting since it's based on some actual financial shenanigans at Banco Vaticani in the 1980's but it's brought too far again with the too-spectacular death scenes etc. The Grand Opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. But the death scene of Mary toward the end is an unbalanced attempt of emotional-manipulation at best. All screenwriters need to learn that we don't always need more and more death in order to bring a mafia movie to a successful conclusion. You feel sorry for Kay that her daughter is dead she plays her grief so well but Michael's reaction is hammy hammy hammy. Then Michael dies sometime in the 21st Century in Sicily alone on a grand estate of heart-failure...no grandson to play with before his demise no wife to grieve for him. What SHOULD have happened in the last 1/2 of this movie is Michael being tracked down by someone like Rudy Guilliani put on trial all his dirty family's sleazy little enterprises and bloodthirsty indulgences brought into the light of day Michael then convicted under RICO statutes and sent to Federal Prison for life...then he can keel over dead from heart-failure while mopping a floor IN LEAVENWORTH. That's how mafia dons were ending their careers in the late 80's and early 90's and they got much better treatment than what they deserved.
critique8915 If you are looking for a film the portrays the pointless and boring existence of middle class lives caught in a web of non-communication and false ideals then this is the film for you. If you also what the film to be engaging and keep your interest then you should probably look elsewhere. There are many films that do this far better. For example try some of the darker films by Bergman. The Filmmaker felt that in order to show the spiritual poverty of the middle class he should subject the viewer to one agonizingly dull and vacuous incident after another until the film finally comes to its tortuous and pathetic end. If you value your time there are far better ways to spend two hours like cleaning your house for example.
critique8916 I was in second grade 12 years ago. I remember it clearly. We were learning about space. All little kids want to go to space right? Well after I saw this I was so scared to death that I would 'accidentally' get flung into space by some psychotic robot with a one track mind. I had no idea that this was a movie. I thought it was some news program or something. I guess it was my own version of when people were freaked out by the radio program 'War of the Worlds.' So recently I get this movie again to watch realizing my favorite actor Joaquin Phoenix was in it (then known as Leaf Phoenix). I can tell you I was laughing at the dramatic parts and laughing even harder at the acting. I mean when Andy is in space she moves in slow motion did you ever notice that? I don't think being in space makes you talk that slow or think that slow.<br /><br />The best part is when Andy is knocked unconscious by the oxygen tank and begins to float backwards as the security doors close. Little Max is trying to pull her in. Suddenly we get a major close up on Max's face as he shouts (in slow motion) "Whaaaaatttt'ssss happpeniiiinngggg?!?!?" I had no idea.
critique8917 I'm really disappointed by this piece of work. It is quiet shallow keeps repeating itself is mostly not exact and sometimes on the verge of being wrong. I think it's made for elementary school especially because it keeps repeating itself over and over again while leaving large gaps. A young kid might actually enjoy it and learn from it but a better way to make a kid appreciate theoretical physics are books like "A short history of time" or "The Tao of Physics". If you are familiar with the topic on a very basic level you won't gain any new information or views from this series. Don't waste your time with it. Nice eye candy though.
critique8918 MARY MARY BLOODY MARY is an OK time killer. It has a uniformly attractive cast the action is rarely dull. There are a lot of killings. And the production values are not bad. But in the end it plays like a standard TV episode from the 1970s with some nudity thrown in. The film is the end product of an "author" trying to make a purely commercial film. There's very little depth here and the film spends too much time with chases and action scenes. Except for the scene on the beach with the old man MMBM is almost devoid of any scares or suspense or dread. The director has very little understanding of the horror genre.<br /><br />It's watchable even though it doesn't leave a lasting impression.
critique8919 This is pretty much a low-budget made for TV type of movie intended to capitalize off of the success of the original. I'm a fan of b-movies and this one might have been good had they not attached the name "Cube" to it because as is the director and plot of the original were better and this movie just about ruined my taste for the entire series. The characters are annoying and clichÃƒÂ©d there are problems with continuity and several outright production screw-ups. The story hardly gets a chance to develop because of superfluous dialogue and suffers from that. They more or less use the same horror gimmicks over and OVER throughout the movie and because the first one was so good this simply turns out as a disappointment.<br /><br />If this was a stand-alone b-movie I'd probably give it about a four. The "1" rating I give it was pretty much a statement about how it utterly paled in effects and intelligence as compared to the first.
critique8920 Nico Mastorakis's banned movie was quite disappointing in my opinion. The movie is about a couple who go to a Greek island to kill of all perverted people (apparently). You know you got something pretty sick when one of the first scenes include a guy having sex with a goat and then killing it off.<br /><br />But things only get worse from that point as all scenes pretty much look alike. They meet some people so they either kill or have sex with them (preferably both).<br /><br />The ending is OK allright when the couple turn out to be brother and sister and she is just letting him rot somewhere but overall one would have expected more. No substance here I'm afraid.<br /><br />3/10.
critique8921 An EXTREMELY fast pacedexhilarating interesting detail rich book. Its a huge shame that the film had none of these qualities. not only was Tom Hanks' mild mannered portrayal or Robert Langdon Laughable but the name changes to key characters huge deviances from the original story line and poor Irish/Italian accent from Carmalengo Played by Ewan Mcgregor made for the worst book to film EVER.<br /><br />As a huge fan of A&D the book i had high hopes for a more lavish true to book detailed movie where it would start and finish just as the book did - leaving me wanting more.<br /><br />All the film really did was depress me within the 1st 10 minutes.<br /><br />what was impressive was how the... sorry! i couldn't even finish that sentence without laughing.<br /><br />in short - Vittoria was the token hottie a very second to Audrey Tatou and there were some very nice Alfa Romeos.<br /><br />i would recommend reading the book to understand that if Ron Howard must insist on making ANOTHER book to film i would be happy saving my Ã‚Â£6.40 for a KFC zinger meal and some chicken wings - far more entertaining and deeply more satisfying!
critique8922 Licence fees to watch this trash And pay for it with hard-earned cash? Humourless no hint of laughter God knows how it won a BAFTA! <br /><br />We've now been subjected to "Eastenders" for twenty years. When oh when is the Great British public going to see this awful soap for what it is? Crass Pap! This programme no more depicts reality in the East End of London than everyday life in Beirut and never has done.<br /><br />The Eastenders I know (the real ones) are kind courageous hardworking and loyal. And one of their greatest attributes is humour. It was the Eastenders who went through the worst of the London blitz and still stuck two fingers up to Hitler. And what do we see on our screens for five days of the week (including an omnibus)? Nothing but a bunch of moaning wailing "dead from the neck up" wimps who seem to do little else than sit in a pub all day sniping at each other. What a great advert for Britain that is!! Do the writers actually believe this garbage they're pumping out? Obviously the woolly-minded section of the public does but then I've heard that apparently anyone can be brainwashed into believing anything.
critique8923 Michael Williams who works for BBC finds a somehow impressive Italian picture which gets mixed in the material of his ongoing task titled DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARY. But since his wife's mysterious death her daughter Emily has been emotionally disturbed so he goes Spoleto where the problematic picture is with her and her nanny Jill. And there is a Countess who is also a psychic and she informs him that the picture was somehow made at the night that a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael doesn't believe her story but after that Emily has hysterical spasm and Jill is killed... This Italian film is of course almost innocently influenced by THE EXORCIST but this one is much cheaper much simplerand in a sense much dirtier. First of all it should be said this film is full of confusion. For instance the story shows Emily is a reincarnation of Emilia. But when Emily sees her in the flashbacks she perceives her exclusively from a third-person's point of view. But if she is the reincarnation of Emilia she should and must see the past from nothing but Emilia's point of view. Confusions of this kind which the film has many are almost exclusively based upon a problematic fact that the film is too cowardly rather than ambivalent to specify its own quasi-Freudian theme namely pre-adolescent girl's one-way incestuous wish. To make matters worse this film also has characteristic problem (if not confusion); every character is too naive and helpless to be realistic and/or believable living human. Regarding Emily (or Emilia) she is after all a child and one can say it is difficult to blame her mainly for her naiveness and helplessness. (And according to the Freudian theory every girl wants to have her father's child(ren) in her own way. In this sense Emily is not exclusively pathological; only her way of excluding other women from her father's love is problematically pathological. But as I already mentioned this film per se is too cowardly to be Freudian.) The problem is that adult characters are as childish and naive and helpless as Emily is. And because of this characteristic weakness even the psychic who can see almost everything cannot do anything down-to-earth and because of the same weakness the very story of the film is ended in a badly escapist way. In addition special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and laughable. Although Stelvio Cipriani's music is noteworthily beautiful (indeed this one is so good that it seems to be worth having it alone) the film as a whole is nothing but a cheap B-film which can disappoint even the 1970s'-Italian- horror-film-lovers.
critique8924 I grew up watching the old Inspector Gadget cartoon as a kid. It was like Get Smart for kids. Bumbling boob can't solve any case and all the work is done by the walking talking dog Brain and his niece Penny. I had heard the live action movie was decent so I checked it out at the library. I rented this movie for free and felt I should have been paid to see this.<br /><br />Broderick comes nowhere near the caliber of acting Don Adams had as the voice of gadget. His voice was all wrong. The girl who played Penny looked nothing like the cartoon Penny. She is brunette where the cartoon version was blonde with pigtails. But she does do a decent job given what she had to work with. Dabney Coleman gives a good performance as Cheif Quimby. Saldy he never hid in any odd place or had exploding messages tossed at him accidently by Gadget.<br /><br />The gadget mobile was wrong. It never talked in the series and it did fine. Why did they do this?<br /><br />Gadget was too intelligent in this film. In the show he was a complete idiot. Here he had a halfway decent intellect. It would have worked better if he was a moron.<br /><br />Also the completely butchered the catchphrase. Borderick says "Wowser". It is and should always be "Wowsers". It sounds lame with out the 's'. I got upset when they showed the previews and they didn't have the correct phrase.<br /><br />The ONLY decent gags were during the credits. The lacky for Claw is in front of a support group for recovering henchmen/sidekicks. Seated in the audience is Mr. T Richard Keil aka Jaws of Bond movie fame a Herve Villacheze look alike Oddjob Kato and more. This is about the only part I laughed at.<br /><br />The other is at the end where Penny is checking out here gadget watch and tells brain to say somethin. Don Adams voices the dog saying that "Brain isn't in right now. Please leave your name at the sound of the woof. Woof." of course this isn't laugh out loud funny just a nice piece of nostalgia to hear Adams in the movie. He should have at least voiced the stupid car.<br /><br />Kids will like this anyone over 13 won't.<br /><br />
critique8925 What a self-indulgent mess! Duncan Roy's film is apparently autobiographical however it's impossible to find any glimmer of emotional truth in this chaotic badly acted and woefully amateurish fiasco.<br /><br />In a way you have to admire the balls of a man who through grim determination and a very generous benefactor manages to make a film about his own rise and fall - from abused working class lad to criminal English lord. However the tone is either so self-pitying or so arch that it's impossible to engage with either characters or plot. The raw material is potentially great stuff however Roy seems unable to tease out the kind of tale that should grab you by the throat then move you to tears. And it's a complete mystery why it was ever made to be screened as a triptych of images - presumably because a single image would have been too tedious to watch.<br /><br />It's also interesting to see so many otherwise good actors - Bill Nighy Diana Quick Lindsay Coulson - giving career-worst performances.
critique8926 Whoever filled this stupid idea of acting and producing a movie in Himesh's head which is always hidden under a cap covering almost half of his face all the time ? Only hope this is first and the last as well for God's sake ! From Assalam Valekum to Gayatri Mantra Himesh has tried every thing to create an aura of his so-called singing talent which is nothing but atrocious pronunciations of words like Tanhaiyya which completely kill the beauty of the terms so commonly used for love songs. Why does Himesh not smile ? Simple because he does not use close Up toothpaste ! Now there this friend of his tailing him around every where and this number one lawyer in the town who has to herself sexily wiggle and try to seduce Himesh of all the handsome German people she might have met earlier perhaps the male lawyers on this part of the world might be cursing their fate for destined to deal with the stiff unattractive lot every day ! The action scenes are so funnily shot like the event planner attacked by the thief autos riding over the cars so on and so forth. The father of the bride seems to be in a great hurry to get rid of his daughter by marrying her off that he flies to and fro around. Most hypocrite he praises HR for distributing love among people of the world as if they were sweets  and on his back coolly gives a lecture to his daughter on these show business men. when Himesh is proved innocent he again unceremoniously dumps the other guy as if it's a game of musical chair ! i didn't get to se the poor guy's face even did you ? Hansika in the role of Ria looks as if she is in need of an eye check up for strain in her eyes ! The fellow in the role of a friend is good who has acted quite naturally and should be in better movies like Sharman Joshi for example. Child artist in Trishu's brief appearance is sweet but wasted. It seems today's young generation has gone nuts  since they prefer this kind of mockery of lyrics and musical scores  and associate gossip with it for example if you sing ek bar aaja the ghost would come. this is a weird taste in music and rather funny. i am surprised how such classic lyricists like Gulzar  have opted for Himesh of all the people to give music. There is story in Panchtantra  that a crow attachÃƒÂ©s so many feathers of a peacock to look beautiful and appeal to the birds; but the feathers fall off ultimately and the real dark crow is revealed ! Hope Himesh takes a hint and refrains from manufacturing such meaningless stuff and wasting precious money which he has earned by taxing his short nose so much ! His friend does tell him if your nose is cut how will you sing ? Thanks for showing us Germany Himesh at a reasonable cost of renting the DVD ! and correct those spelling mistakes will you ? an extra e in movie and no e in love ! There is also a famous number from the old film Sholey Mehbooba on which Mallika Sherawat wiggles once again but this time with Himesh winking at her and conveniently Ria  his so-called real love and his new bride is not around ! Now that was very clever Himesh ! At least one thing in this movie which you have done smartly to justify Sherawat's presence . But doesn't she look a bit washed down ?
critique8927 Roomies is the story of a guy who loses everything except his incredible girlfriend and an idea for a corn dog that he plans to patent and sell. Immediately his uncle dies and leaves him a house and a car and he gets some roommates in to help pay the rent and gets a job. Then his girlfriend gets drunk and cheats on him so he goes and writes a book about roommates and becomes famous.<br /><br />88 minutes. None of these details of the plot are explored in any detail what you read above is more or less as interesting as the film will be. When his uncle dies there are some breasts on screen one of the potential roommates he interviews is pretty funny for about 40 seconds. The ending is literally the worst i've ever seen. I want the other 87 minutes of my life back!<br /><br />I hadn't thought anyone could make a movie with so little merit: Surely there are rules against this sort of thing getting to the public? The script can't be longer than twenty pages and the budget must have been minuscule because the whole film has about 3 locations and a car. The only conceivable use for Roomies in my opinion is if you're holding someone hostage and want to frustrate them beyond human thought. If so get it on repeat and you'll have a ready made gibbering wreck within the day.<br /><br />one-and-a-half out of 10
critique8928 Many times the description "full of sound and fury signifying nothing" is used and is right on target. Unfortunately "Code 46" lacks both sound and fury. A bit of fury would have been greatly appreciated. Tim Robbins character (William) is so lacking in passion that the idea of his falling instantly in love with Maria (Samantha Morton) seems almost absurd. These folks are so passionless that one begins to wonder if perhaps the water supply of this future world has been dosed with thorazine. There is a "Brave New World" sort of atmosphere to the film that is helped along by every scene being shot about 2-3 stops overexposed. Unfortunately this technique gets tedious and rather hard on the eyes. The cutesy mishmash of languages also grows tedious when there seems to be no apparent reason for its existence. Many futuristic scifi films are criticized for being all flash and no substance. This film has neither flash nor substance. Its a code 6 all the way.
critique8929 Talented screenwriter Alvin Sargent sadly cannot get any engaging ideas cooking in this artificial trifle about a wayward mother and her mature teenage daughter trying to make their lives work in Los Angeles despite mom's flighty behavior. Apart from several good sequences I didn't quite buy Susan Sarandon as a flake (she's too intrinsically smart and focused to be passed off as this devil-may-care lady) and her naturally grounded personality is a bad fit for the role of an irresponsible parent. Natalie Portman fares much better as her kid and yet there's a creepy aloofness to her work (and some of her scenes such as the one where she asks a boy to strip are misguided and uncomfortable to watch). Certainly not an incompetent piece "Anywhere But Here" does have moments that work but it isn't an embraceable film nor has it proved to be an important one. ** from ****
critique8930 The only reason I haven't given this film an awful rating is because I feel that it was such an awful film in every aspect that it deserves at the very least a 2/10; for not trying. <br /><br />The plot is the least of your worries as you are slapped in the face with over the top language and scenes like 'the singing arse-hole' in a poor attempt to shock and disgust. Seen as the main aim of this film is to shock and the main body of it didn't achieve this the final scene disgustingly manages to erase the memory of this shockingly pointless film and fulfil its aim to be the most filthy film ever.<br /><br />A really low budget film awfully acted and the dialogue is shockingly bad.<br /><br />I give it 0/10 really !!!
critique8931 This film was nothing more than exploitative gay cheesecake. It was not an "art" movie; just an excuse to show several gratuitous exploitative over-the-top scenes with extensive male genital nudity. There was a locker room scene involving over a dozen naked men. The camera zooms in on the men's asses and penises as they are portrayed for several minutes with their dicks in full screen view. There are several scenes in this film showing penis after penis. It gets redundant REAL fast and makes it impossible to take this film seriously. I was wondering if I was watching a Playgirl video by mistake. If these same scenes were filmed using women (ex: totally naked and showing their vaginas repeatedly) it would be quickly dismissed as just softcore porn and an excuse to show a lot of eye candy...which is all that this film is. Any artistic merit got flushed down the drain of the gay ghetto mentality. The themes of class distinction homosexuality longing-desire etc. were simple and superficial; no more developed than what one would expect from a first year philosophy student. Just cut to the chase and rent a gay porn instead.
critique8932 This movie is standard goofy sci-fi fare from the 50s. In its favor the plot does manage to pull off an alien invasion without actually producing the aliens themselves. But come on now if aliens needed energy and could absorb it from sources like hydrogen bombs why would they come to earth? Why wouldn't they just suck it out of a STAR!?!? The only credible reason for the presence of Kronos is a direct attack on Earth society not the mere collection of energy. Nothing like that is even intimated; Kronos may have been built by a superior race but its activities on Earth are the most primitive. The end that the scientist-heroes plan for Kronos is based on nothing but pseudo-scientific gibberish. It amounts to the "reverse the polarity" gambit which has been used so much in bad scifi it has become a joke in itself. Low and behold this causes our unwanted visitor to release its collected energy. No one in power seems to care about the impact the release of that much energy (which by the film's end includes among other things the entire yield of a hydrogen bomb) will have on the surroundings. And unfortunately by the time the movie ends the surroundings are the suburbs of Los Angeles. Whoops!
critique8933 If you find the hopelessly amateurish acting the uninteresting story the fake blood and all the mindless shooting bearable then you may actually have a fairly good time watching this trashy low-rent exploitation film. You might also want to check out a pretty good catfighting sequence that's offered although it's not good enough to make the rest of the movie worth sitting through. (**)
critique8934 I know it's a movie. But when it comes to portray real life (in any matter) it should be as faithful as possible. I'm sorry but "El Misterio GalÃƒÂ­ndez" isn't as accurate as it seems. Nor is the Dominican Republic depicted as it really is. In fact it shocked me to see that the filming location for Santo Domingo was actually Cuba. And incredibly enough movies with Cuban themes (Havana The lost City Bitter Sugar The Godfather part II) were actually filmed in Santo Domingo! So what happened here? Why did they shoot the movie in Cuba instead of the D.R.? The Spanish dialogs with the Cuban accent are horrible! Those are not Dominicans! On the historic level GalÃƒÂ­ndez would have never been hanged. He might as well been shot decapitated or died from the inhumane torture he'd been receiving. Then thrown his body in the Caribbean sea. But Trujillo would have never ordered death by strangulation. His sick mind wouldn't have allowed it.<br /><br />Acting isn't delivered as expected. Harvey Keitel looks like he's just expecting a paycheck. I prefer the leading actress in "Deep Blue Sea". The rest of the cast would have been excellent in some Cuban movie and the same goes for the selected shooting location.<br /><br />I suggest "La fiesta del chivo" (The feast of the goat) from bestselling author Mario Vargas Llosa directed by his cousin Luis Llosa. It's a bit more realistic with Dominican history. The Trujillo character is very well portrayed and the Galindez incident is treated very briefly in this movie.
critique8935 I felt like I was watching the Fast and the Furious again but with different actors and a little bit different plot. I will say the cars in the film are very cool. So if you like fast cars then you will probably find this movie mildly entertaining. I also liked Nadia Bjorlin because I've seen her from Days of our Lives. She is a really good singer but too bad they gave her such lousy songs to sing in this movie. I mean songs about cars; not exactly what you would here on the radio. Since it is a Hollywood film you have to give this story a little lee way but in real life I don't think any average joe would come across such a hot girl as Nadia Bjorlin who can drive a race car fix a car engine and be a lead singer. It's just all very silly.<br /><br />Another side note any one willing to wager 25 million on a car race is a nut. But it was kinda of cool at the end when Natasha stops right before the finish line and screws Michael over. Priceless.<br /><br />FINAL VERDICT: This movie is for car freaks. So if you like fast cars then I'd recommend this.
critique8936 It only took one viewing of this dog for me to say "Never again!" It's so profoundly unmemorable that I had to read other people's reactions to it before I could remember anything beyond (1) it was awful (2) Connery should have quit while he was ahead and (3) the film included a total gross-out bit involving faking a retinal scan through the most gruesome (not to mention horribly inefficient) means possible.<br /><br />Actually I've never understood why anybody would prefer even the best of Connery's Bond films over even the worst Moore or Dalton outings. Or Lazenby Brosnan or even David Niven for that matter. I personally found Octopussy and Moonraker among other "canonical" Bond films to be far more entertaining than this and probably for the very same reasons why others deprecate the Moore Bond films namely their wry humor and their willingness to surrender to the preposterousness of the whole basic Bond milieu.
critique8937 i paid $2.00 for this piece of crap i want my money back. it is a d grade horror movie that isn't so groovy<br /><br />There are many MANY floors in this film including the acting the lack of actual horror the lack of nudity (which besides the starting Nurse (porno outfit) and the still breathing nude corpse flash there is none.<br /><br />The sound track maybe is the best thing because it has some upbeat sorta guitar riffs/tracks.<br /><br />There are your usual typical characters the jock the jocks woman the nerdy guy (who looks more like a jock) the rookie cop/ranger (who has the biggest gap in his teeth i wanted to slip a few dollar coins into that gap..or go for a field goal) the mysterious fella and the Pure girl.<br /><br />The make up was pitiful with side views of dr chopper showing a clear "make up line"and natural skin tones the cover art to the DVD is clearly photoshop/enhanced to make the cover more enticing as Dr chopper looks like an old "plopper" The scraggy women that hang around Dr chopper are not explained and or look convincing like the rest of this movie.<br /><br />The plot twist was VERY predictable and the abundance of bad looking FAKE limbs was laughable what did they think.... um throw some limbs around and some fake blood and you have a horror film.<br /><br />Dr chopper himself is the most stupid character created I've seen in a while though original i believe that the creator of this film was strained for ideas and possibly tried to use the rhyme Doctor and chopper (bike) and thought "bingo" ill make a crappy movie about that.<br /><br />I've seen worse before..... but this is just plain bad.. everything about it is bad... the lack of suspense...the lack of actual horror or character development... the lack of a decent storyline ...the only thing good about this film was when it finished. This film doesn't fall into the category ÃƒÂ¯ts so bad its good" for me either/<br /><br />Overall 2/10 the director/writer/editor should know better.
critique8938 Jimmy Dean could not have been more hammy or absurdly loutish. Hysterical if viewed through the eyes of Mystery Science Theatre 3000 which I rate as a 10. I mean the sight of this obese corn-fed hog trouncing around Malta should be enough to send you to the vomitory if you make it that far into the film. This ugly hysterical farce should be placed with the likes of "Booty Call" "Pumpkinhead" "Swarm" and "The Smurfs Go To Bangladesh". A -gulp- film like this proves that sometimes actors writers producers etc. get behind on their mortgage or get stoned to the point of insanity. It begs the question "who was so stupid to finance such a whale?" But then had good judgment prevailed and "Final Justice" never was then we wouldn't have the delightful spoof voice-over in "Mystery Science Theatre 3000"!
critique8939 Mr. and Mrs. Smith is one of the not too well known early American Hitchcock's movie. But if "Lifeboat" (wich unfortunately also belongs to this category) is an underrated masterpiece not all the movies signed by the master of suspense in that time (the early 40's) are really worth seeing. And to tell the truth not discovering this film isn't really a lost.<br /><br />"Mr. and Mrs. Smith" is an average and conventional screwball comedy where it's rather hard to find the Hitchcock's touch. Maybe you can catch a glimpse of his shadow (wich isn't much) in the cruelty that Carole Lombard is sometime capable of (but it's well hidden in an impersonal package) in a vertigo scene where two of the characters are trapped on top of a trade fair attraction and maybe in the character of the mother. And that's about it ! Even for the Hitchcock fan there is little to connect with.<br /><br />And for the screwball comedies amateur there isn't very much more: none of the situation are exaggerated enough for being really funny and we're far from the masterpieces of Hawks for instance. And if one or two scene are quite amusing there're not even the funniest in Hitchcock's filmography who created comical situations in almost all his movies (even "Psycho" could be considered full of very dark humor). So there is really little to save in this movie that can without annoying anyone (or maybe only both hardcore fans of Hitchcock and screwball comedy who are in love with Carole Lombard) stays one of the not too well known early American Hitchcock's movie.
critique8940 Having listened to and enjoyed Harvey Bernhard's Omen II commentary I was shocked to discover he was also behind this absolute piece of rubbish. It's like a really bad TV movie you might glimpse in the middle of the day when you have the flu and are too ill to reach the remote. I think at the bit where Michael Lerner is confronted by what I can only describe as a high school cast of Les Miserables my mouth hung open in disbelief. And then my mouth was going up and down because I was laughing so much. Dire. I don't know why I have to write a minimum of ten lines I have made my point succinctly there's nothing clever about all this modern verbiage.
critique8941 This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I saw it at the premiere at SXSW and was extremely disappointed. The director knew little about John Lennon and even said as much at the premiere. This is a drama but people were laughing throughout at how cheesy the film was. That's never a good sign. The only saving graces were Dominic Monaghan and Jason Leonard as Livien's roommates/bandmates. They were funny while the rest of the movie took itself waaay too seriously. The cheesy dropping of Beatles lyrics was just absurd. The soundtrack was excellent however and was probably the best part of the movie. Unless you're one of those crazy rabid Dominic Monaghan fans don't bother with this one.
critique8942 WARNING SPOILERS***** A really stupid movie about a group of young excursionists in Italy that find an armor of mythical warrior with a demonic souls. One of them wears it and becomes possessed by the spirit of a demon. It's killing time and several of his friends die under his blade to revive the demon corpse.<br /><br />A waste of time for the viewers as the fine young ladies in the movie leave their clothes on the gore is ludicrous at best and the acting is terrible perfect pairing for such a bad script<br /><br />
critique8943 Winter Kills is a terrible incoherent and very disappointing conspiracy comedy-thriller from little-known director William Richert. While watching the film I honestly felt as if I was the emperor in the classic fable The Emperor's New Clothes. The film made me feel like a fool because I couldn't make head nor tail of the serpentine plot and the nonsensical characters. But I felt kind of embarrassed to admit to myself that the film was tying my brain up in knots. So I stuck with it to the end hoping that the whole tangled mess would untangle itself. Then I realised.... the film is SUPPOSED to be serpentine nonsensical and illogical because that's the whole point. This is a satirical look at conspiracy theories and theorists with the knotting-up of the plot used as a metaphor for the knotting-up of truths half-truths and lies that define any conspiracy. Even when I got that the joke was on me I still felt Winter Kills to be a pretty awful movie.<br /><br />Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of a former United States President who was assassinated in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a dying man claims that he shot the President and gives detailed information about where he hid the gun. Nick follows the clues but every step of the way the people helping him seem to die in mysterious circumstances. Also his father Pa Kegan (John Huston) a vulgar and disgustingly wealthy businessman keeps interfering with Nick's investigation. The deeper he delves into the assassination the more Nick realises that he is descending into a web of complex lies and red herrings where nothing is as it seems and no-one can be trusted.<br /><br />The film is an utter nightmare to follow and in many ways is not worth trying to follow for the afore-mentioned reason that it deliberately tangles itself up. The cast is packed with extraordinary talent but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the briefest and most pointless cameo roles in cinematic history; Elizabeth Taylor appears uncredited and has not a single line of dialogue; Richard Boone is given what seems to be an interesting role but his character goes nowhere. John Huston has the best role as the powerful patriarch and provides us with the film's few enjoyable moments with his acerbic delivery. Anthony Perkins also gets a creepy role and handles it well though his screen time is far too short to do complete justice to the character. Some nudity and sex scenes are tossed in for no real reason and while they're quite graphic and might appeal to voyeurs they really belong in another film. The film's semi-comic climax is farcical and disappointing yet paradoxically memorable in its weird little way. There's obviously a cult audience out there somewhere for Winter Kills.... but I won't be counting myself among its number.
critique8944 Scott Menville is not Casey Kasem. That is the first most important and most disturbing thing about this attempt at re-imagining Scooby-Doo and company.<br /><br />Shaggy's voice is squeaky and does not sound anything like he has ever sounded in any of the previous incarnations of the Scooby shows. They've also changed the outfit and the classic mode of walking from the original.<br /><br />I'm not sure what they're on about yet with the villain angle but it surely isn't following the formula used in any of the previous Scooby shows.<br /><br />And the animation style is very bizarre and distorted. I like it but it's not real Scooby-Doo type animation. But the weird animation used for other WB shows grew on me; this might too.<br /><br />It's worth a glance at -- once -- if you can handle the lack of proper Shaggy voice. That right there is enough to jar one out of enjoying the show properly. Besides I am trying not to be an inflexible nitpicking fan. Evolve or die as the saying goes. We'll see how it looks after two more episodes -- by then I'll have formed a much more solid opinion.
critique8945 Horrible movie. This movie beat out revenge of the living zombies for the WORST movie I have ever suffered through. What the !@$% were the morons who made this film thinking. Was it supposed to be scary. Because man let me tall you it wasn't. It was so dumb it wasn't funny. We all know that tropical islands are the natural hunting grounds for killer snowmen. And those stupid baby snowballs. Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid. Fake snow and lousy actors. OH and frost looks nothing like he does on the box. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME. REnt it and destroy it.
critique8946 A movie theater with a bad history of past gruesome murders reopens. Of course the bloody killings start anew. Written directed shot scored and edited with an appalling lack of flair and finesse by the singularly talentless Rick Sloane (who later disgraced celluloid some more with the absolutely atrocious "Hobgoblins") this horrendously ham-fisted attempt at a slasher spoof strikes out something rotten in every conceivable way: the excruciatingly lethargic pacing the painfully static grainy cinematography (there's a stinky surplus of drab master shots featured throughout) an annoyingly droning and redundant hum'n'shiver synthesizer score the flat (non)direction a tediously talky and uneventful script the groan-inducing sophomoric sense of lowbrow humor the bloodless murder set pieces a pitifully unscary killer (he's just some wrinkled-up old guy in pasty make-up) the uniformly obnoxious and unappealing characters a dissatisfyingly abrupt ending and lifeless performances from a noticeably uninspired cast all ensure that watching this schlocky swill is about as fun and rewarding as eating rancid raw eels drenched with sour vinegar. This crud totally lacks the necessary crude charm and sleazy vigor required to be enjoyable junk. Instead it's just a bland plodding and meandering stiff that never catches fire or becomes even remotely amusing in a so-shoddy-it's-smoking sort of way. Only a smidgen of nudity and the delightful presence of the always dependable Mary Woronov as a snarky sardonic secretary provide a little relief from the overall crumminess of this lousy loser.
critique8947 When you watch the making of with this DVD - they tell you what is attempted here- they are retelling the bible story of good versus evil & trying to preach it to a main stream movie audience. In a modern society such as ours this is where the film fails. There are way too many sheep depicted in this movie. People are too empowered for this type of preaching today.<br /><br />As far as the acting directing & technical functions they are done OK. Chuck Norris actually is OK as an angel as the unpredictable appearance of Norris as an angel is no more absurd than Tommy Smothers was in the 1960's sit com.
critique8948 Oh dear lord.... They've turned what was a fairly thought provoking movie into a swaggering testosterone fest.<br /><br />The original 1971 version of this movie was beautifully vague about our hero Kowalski. He was a man trying to drive from Denver to San Fransisco to win a bet. Why was he willing to risk his life for the price of a handful of uppers? We're not really sure.<br /><br />We had a few flashbacks that gave us the picture that he was an adrenaline junkie and presumably he had led his entire life trying to make it to the vanishing point. That point you see off in the distance where the left and right shoulders of the road come together and the road itself vanishes. He lives only to be free and means no ill on anyone. We saw several times when there were accidents he stopped to make sure the other driver was okay before moving on even the cops that were chasing him.<br /><br />When he saw the futility of his quest he took his life rather than be arrested and live a life of captivity. He died like he lived running wide open.<br /><br />In the remake Kowalski has a whole history (including a first name even.) He's trying to get to the hospital where his wife is suffering from complications to her pregnancy. He is a devoted husband and excited expectant father. He comes to the decision to take his life after hearing his wife died in delivery but they even leave THAT in question when they suggest that he may have jumped out of the car before it ran into the bulldozers. They even gave the part of "super soul" the blind DJ (brilliantly portrayed by Clevon Little in the original) to JASON PRIESTLY?!?!?!?!?!? Give me a break.
critique8949 A Texas community is beset with a rash of mysterious killings involving some of the students from the local college. The sheriff investigating the death discovers the startling identity of the killer responsible for the murders. A NASA experiment involving cosmic rays has mutated an ape and turned it into an unstoppable killing machine with a thirst for blood according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis.<br /><br />Or could the creature really be a mutated alligator returning from a space-bound "Noah's Ark"? <br /><br />A long opening with laughably straight 1960s couple Ralph Baker Jr. (as Chris) and Dorothy Davis (as Judy) suggests "Night Fright" might be a joyously bad movie; but don't get your hopes up. After some innocent cavorting the attractive collegiates discover another couple has encountered a monster; naturally the creature is hell-bent on terrorizing young romantics. Sheriff John Agar (as Clint Crawford) isn't trusted by the younger set; but he really wants to help.<br /><br />Mr. Agar was a friend of my aunt; he spoke about very few movies and this wasn't one of them.
critique8950 Without a doubt the biggest waste of film of the year. This movie is poorly structured sadistic cruel and filled with unlikable characters. On top of that and maybe the worst crime it's uninteresting and vastly predictable. As soon as Bill Pullman's character doodled on the photo changing the word from "evidence" to "violence" I had the entire plot figured out. There are no surprises and there is no compelling reason to watch this trash. The only redeeming feature for me is that I saw this thing for free on my HDNet cable and didn't waste any money. I would truly be angry if I had paid to see it in a theatre.<br /><br />Anyone that labels this thing a thriller really needs to get out more. An awful awful film in every way that matters.
critique8951 I like this movie and have watched my copy twice since acquiring it a few weeks ago. But you have to view it in the right context.<br /><br />I haven't checked on the dates but I bet this movie came out after and certainly around the same time as the Collier and Walt Disney popularisations of the vision of spaceflight being promoted by W.Von Braun. This is reflected in the attempt to seem factually correct and scientific. However whilst certain ideas are put across ( step boosters for example ) roughly correctly other things are hilariously wrong.<br /><br />For example we are told that a rocket ascends to an altitude and then turns ninety degrees to enter space...like reaching the top of a flight of stairs and turning onto the landing! Then we are told that by turning in the direction of the Earths rotation the total velocity of the ship is increased accordingly.<br /><br />This is an hilarious misunderstanding of what really happens. Most space launch centres are located as near the equator as possible where the Earth and anything on its surface is rotating at roughly a thousand miles per hour including any rocket departing to space in an Eastward direction ( the same as the rotation of the planet ). Of course if the ship turned to travel westwards once in space its speed in relation to the surface of the Earth would be greater but it would add nothing to the actual velocity of the vehicle. Decsribed in this movie as "air speed"! <br /><br />Similarly we are told that the travellers only feel free-fall or "weightlessness" when they reach some thousands of miles from the Earth outside of the planets gravitational field. Again comically incorrect. Most crewed spacecraft travel no higher than a couple of hundred miles up but as long as they ( and their contents including crew ) are travelling at an adequate velocity that their momentum in an outward direction balances the pull of gravity inwards they will orbit in free-fall. Of course travel far enough from Earth and even a slow object will coast outside the Earths gravity well but in order to leave Earth orbit outwards ( towards the Moon for example ) requires the attainment of "escape velocity" around twenty one thousand miles per hour. So the vehicle will have already attained "orbital velocity" ( and "weightlessness" ) by definition.<br /><br />But the movie has vastly more hilarious stuff than this. Someone decided it would be more fun if they missed the moon due to a technical problem fell asleep for a few days and then woke up to find they had accidentally gone to Mars! The captain then ruminates to the effect that this must have been divine intervention! At which point any pretence to being scientific is torn into little pieces like confetti and thrown upon the wind amid the merry dance of an increasingly barmy plot.<br /><br />The strength of a film like this in fact is in illustrating "how far we've come". Not least in attitudes to women. The patronising drivel heaped upon the female crew-member is both hilarious and also shocking.To think that such attitudes were so recently "normal".<br /><br />As I said at the start I find this film very entertaining as a late night lights out romp through the romance of travel in outer space from the perspective of the days before it had actually happened. An antidote to the cold routine of spaceflight as it has now become in the Twenty First Century.<br /><br />I won't reveal the ending. It is both brave and shocking for a movie of this vintage and character.
critique8952 I was unfortunate enough to see this movie at a friends' house. What an utter waste of time. What an utter and complete piece of crap this movie is! Absolutely nothing is funny in it from the shower scene to the insulting and degrading portrayal of Germans. There is no plot the acting made me gag and at the end I personally wanted to beat John Leguizamo with a stick. I thought John Woo movies were bad.....this movie is officially the worst movie that I have ever seen.
critique8953 Saving Grace is surely one of the leading contenders for the 'How to Ruin an Adequate Film in the Final Few Minutes' award. Naturally if you mix a quaint Cornish village - largely populated by retired genteel ladies - with a liberal dose of marijuana a certain amount of silliness will ensue. However the last seven minutes of the film descend into the totally ludicrous and is not even redeemed by being particularly funny. It is a real shame because this comedy has the potential to be every bit as good as 1998's Waking Ned Devine which also portrayed a picturesque small village and its oddball inhabitants trying to extract themselves from a tricky situation.<br /><br />The protagonist of Saving Grace is middle-aged recently widowed Grace Trevethyn whose husband's legacy of bad debts has forced her into an unconventional way of earning money. Helped by her gardener Matthew she turns her horticultural expertise to the lucrative cultivation of marijuana. Unfortunately this leads her into confrontation with the local police her husband's creditors and a French drug baron. . . . . . . . . . whom all turn up at her greenhouse simultaneously. The relationship and rapport between Grace and Matthew is well-portrayed and Brenda Blethyn gets the viewer emotionally involved with her likeable character - you can really feel what she is going through.<br /><br />The casting of the minor roles is excellent even if some of them are rather outlandishly eccentric. However the transformation of Jacques the drug lord into Grace's romantic interest is highly implausible and does not fit the tone of the movie at all. And surely hydroponics is not such a revolution in the world of cannabis growing? Sadly the film swaps gentle humour for slapstick and ends up being as fake as the marijuana plants.
critique8954 Beaudray Demerille(a weak Peter Fonda who also directed) an aging gambler wins young teen Wanda "Nevada"(pretty but not talented Brooke Shields) in a poker game. Together the unlikely pair(of course)embark on a search for Indian gold in the Grand Canyon.<br /><br />That's the story and there really is no need to search for a deeper meaning in it. It just isn't there. The acting is very weak too which was quite a surprise given the fact that Peter Fonda was in the lead.<br /><br />If you're looking for something interesting in this film take a look at the nice scenery and some good looks of a young Brooke Shields. Her character however is so irritating(especially at the beginning)and dumb that she never quite comes off as sexy or appealing. Too bad but given the story I doubt anything more could be made of this. I wonder why Peter Fonda directed and starred in this film. He must have even talked his father(Henry Fonda)into a (useless) cameo in this ridiculous mess. Unfortunately this was their only film together. Couldn't Henry be in EASY RIDER for example? 3/10
critique8955 Remember those old kung fu movies we used to watch on Friday and Saturday late nights when our babysitters THOUGHT we were in charge? Well this movie plays exactly like one of those movies. Patsy Kensit's biggest claim to fame was the love interest to Mel Gibson's character in "Lethal Weapon 2" and this performance was one of the reasons why she's never made it big: she's a terrible actress.<br /><br />In "Lethal Weapon 2" I thought she was cute. Cute enough to check out some of the other movies she'd been in including "Loves Music Loves to Dance" another big let down which I obviously was not impressed with either. But as attractive as she is to my eyes my soul screamed at me to turn it off because she played another cheap predictable role and done it very badly.<br /><br />In this movie Kensit stars as a comedienne (and not a good one either) who's working the clubs of France (couldn't cut it in her own homeland so she's making THEIR ears bleed) who's down on her luck but even worse the French government wants to throw her out because of an expired visa (or maybe they just caught her act). But she gets married to this Casanova (Freiss) who is just as down on his luck and the predictability begins...terribly! Is there any way to give this movie a NEGATIVE rating? 1 out of 10 stars is over rating it!
critique8956 This movie was made for fans of Dani (and Cradle of Filth). I am not one of them. I think he's just an imitator riding the black metal bandwagon (still I'm generally not a fan of black metal). But as I was carrying this DVD case to pay for it I convinced myself that the less authentic something is the more it tries to be convincing. Thus I assumed I'm in for a roller-coaster ride of rubber gore and do-it-yourself splatter with a sinister background. Now that is what I do like.<br /><br />I got home and popped it in. My patience lasted 15 minutes. AWFUL camera work and DISGUSTING quality. And that was then (2002) that it looked like it was shot using a Hi8 camcorder. I left it on the shelf. Maybe a nice evening with beer and Bmovies would create a nice setting for this... picture. <br /><br />After a couple of months I got back to it (in mentioned surroundings) and saw half. Then not only the mentioned aspects annoyed me. My disliking evolved. I noticed how funny Dani (165m; 5'5" height) looked in his platform shoes ripping a head of a mugger apart. (Yes ripping. His head apparently had no skull.) I also found that this movie may have no sense. Still I haven't finished it yet so I wasn't positive.<br /><br />After a couple more tries I finally managed to finish this flick - a couple of months back... (Yes it took me 55 years.) So - Dani in fact was funny as Satan/Manson/super-evil-man's HELPER and the movie DID NOT make sense. See our bad person employs Dani to do bad things. He delivers. Why? Well I guess he's just very very bad. As a matter of fact they both are and that is pretty much it.<br /><br />We have a couple of short stories joined by Dani's character. My favourite was about a guy who STEALS SOMEONE'S LEG because he wants to use it as his own. Yeah exactly. <br /><br />The acting's ROCK BOTTOM. The CGI is the worst ever. I mean Stinger beats it (and boy is Stinger's CGI baaaaad). The story has no sense. And the quality is... Let's just say it is not satisfying. The only thing that might keep you watching is the unmotivated violence and gore. Blood and guts are made pretty well. Why you can actually see that the movie originated there and then moved on. (Example - Dani 'The Man' Filth takes a stuffed cat - fake as can be - and guts it... and then eats what fell out. Why? We never know. We do know however that this cat must have been on illegal substances as his heart is almost half his size.)<br /><br />You might think after my comment that this movie is so bad it's good but it's just bad. Cradle of Filth fans can add 3 points. I added one for gore.
critique8957 I've seen this film several times in a variety of short-film festivals and it always causes me the impression that i have seen a movie trailer! <br /><br />For a school-film is very well produced and directed but the story... well it needed something else to be a bigger and interesting film. The character named Tim Watcher needed some in-dept approach. This is something that lacks in some Portuguese short films - the script is always superficial.<br /><br />But still... i liked this movie...<br /><br />Parabens! (congratulations!)
critique8958 This film was so amateurish I could hardly believe what I was seeing. It is shot on VIDEO! NOT film! I have not seen the likes of this since the early 70's when late night networks showed movie of the week 'horror flicks' shot in......video. It looks like a bad soap opera and that is paying it a compliment. Some of the actors give it their best shot. Michael Des Barres does okay with what he is given to do which is to act like a sex addict out of control. I can't say that it is pleasant to watch.<br /><br />Nastassja Kinski as the therapist sits in a chair for practically the entire film with very little variation in camera angles. I can't fault her for someone else's poor blocking but she is totally unbelievable in her role. Her little girl voice works against her here. And I consider myself a Nastassja Kinski fan. She is certainly ageless and exotic but she's outside her range with this.<br /><br />Alexandra Paul is pathetically overwrought. Every line she delivers is with three exclamation points. Someone must have directed her to scream at all costs. Why would Michael Des Barres want to have sex with such a raging shrew?<br /><br />Finally Rosanna Arquette as the sweet maligned wife comes off okay and probably the most believable of the bunch. But that is not saying much.<br /><br />This has to be the worst film I have seen in years.
critique8959 In a farcical key GaudÃƒÂ­ Afternoons can be taken as a mediocre exercise. Marcia Gay Harden and Judy Davis pivoted a good cast (Juliette Lewis' new-age freaky character has been incredibly taken from reality I know an American young lady who squawks like her!!) but GA does not show much beyond its overtoned plot.<br /><br />Even though movie-making is all about make believe there were certain noticeable screenplay inconsistencies. Two samples: you pay 14 euro to enter the chapel where Cassandra and Frankie met NEVER at 7 am and you cannot leave a terrace without paying the bill (they'll charge you on the spot if they don't know you) or get off a taxi THAT quickly (you Americans always tip cabbies even though they don't expect to but the sequences portrayed in the movie were ridiculous). Don't believe me reader: come over and see for yourself.<br /><br />If you've never been here before you might not care about all this but good movies should be believable disregarding of your origin. Nobody knows about GA here and I will make sure that does not change in the future.
critique8960 The monster will look very familiar to you. So will the rest of the film if you've seen a half-dozen of these teenagers-trapped-in-the-woods movies. Okay so they're not teenagers this time but they may as well be. Three couples decide it might be a good idea to check out a nearly-abandoned ghost town in hopes of finding the gold that people were killed over a scant century-and-a-half before. You'd think that with a title like "Miner's Massacre" some interesting things might happen. They don't. In fact only about 1/10 of the film actually takes place in the mine. I had envisioned teams of terrified miners scampering for their lives in the cavernous confines of their workplace praying that Black Lung Disease would get them before The Grim Reaper exacted his grisly revenge but instead I got terrestrial twenty-somethings fornicating--and in one case defecating--in the woods a gang of morons with a collective I.Q. that would have difficulty pulling a plastic ring out of a box of Cracker Jacks much less a buried treasure from an abandoned mine. No suspense no scares and plenty of embarrassing performances give this turkey a 3 for nudity.
critique8961 This is a truly wretched little film. Admittedly the original (un)holy trinity was governed by the law of diminishing returns with the third "The Final Conflict" degenerating into a ridiculous sub-plot about half-way through the film apparently merely to provide the requisite needlessly convoluted deaths that had by now become the whole raison d'etre for the "Omen" series. But then to foist this jumped-up TV movie (beware purchasers of the Omen box set on DVD - don't be fooled by the widescreen ratio of the transfer this was and is strictly small-screen stuff) on the back of a series of generally fine demonic chillers was unforgivable particularly endorsed as it was by the exec.producer and producer of the first three movies Mace Neufeld and Harvey Bernhard. I'd give-away the plot if there was any besides the usual death scenes (hopelessly toned down for TV sensibilities) and some of the worst acting I've seen. All involved in this project down to the catering people should be ashamed this travesty ever made it to the screen let alone masquerading under the Omen name. If one person is convinced by my review to avoid this mess I'll feel better for it.
critique8962 Truly a disgusting vile film with only a small amount of real humour.<br /><br />The character of the father in particular is vulgar in the extreme (intentionally so obviously) and portrayed in the most pathetic seedy manner.<br /><br />My wife and I found this film horribly upsetting with absolutely no redeeming features at all. Frankly I wish I had never seen it.<br /><br />I consider this British effort to be a sick and gross embarrassment.<br /><br />Those who enjoyed this film have an ability I totally lack: that of rejoicing in a display of deep depravity and squalor.<br /><br />The producers should be ashamed of themselves.
critique8963 The cast is OK. The script is awkward at times and it takes a while to figure out what the point of the movie is. I found myself looking forward to doing the dishes. The Shehan bit is a cheesy statement on the war. I guess we were supposed to not notice it...we did. Its a house you did nothing more than kill forty five minutes. The shower part...huh? What was that about? Literally it is I have a client "Ok you can use our shower." Yawn. The angles are trying way to hard. There was a set of woods suddenly its gone cause you can see right through then next it is deep and animals are dying. In the end this is a horrendous movie of boring proportions.
critique8964 this film is what happens when people see like in this particular one blair witch project and say hell people running around with cameras acting slash documentary themed no problemo i can do it and start out with a lame idea make up a terrible script and get a bunch of talentless actors and start shooting a film. plot is that in africa there a halfcaste a breed of man like animals who hunt and kill humans the locals think that it's a demon or a evil spirit but our wild bunch are in africa to get some proof of there own. no need for more words on the plot this movie get's a 1 out of 10 and i am trying to find something good to say about this movie but after a long time thinking nothing nada zero null.
critique8965 This is the movie that is somewhat based on the exit of Rob Halford from British Metal Gods 'Judas Priest' and how the band replaced him with Ripper Owens who used to front a Priest tribute band. Originally titled Metal God this movie could have been something great. Instead someone in an office somewhere who knows little to nothing about metal music decided to water it down. From the title change of Metal God to the 'safe' middle of the road 'Rock Star' to the lame soundtrack this movie plays out badly. Having spent most of my life in a professional metal band I was really looking forward to seeing this I was very let down by several points of the film. The soundtrack is very NOT metal for one and the ending of the movie is lame as well. The movie does have a few bright spots in the writing and acting but as a whole it fails in the end because...1)A movie based on a metal band should have a metal soundtrack. 2)There is NOTHING metal about Marky Mark or Jennifer Aniston. If Bon Jovi Warrant Def Leppard and Poison are your idea of 'heavy metal' go see this movie. If Iron Maiden Judas Priest Dio & Black Sabbath are your idea of metal see this movie for a good laugh.
critique8966 ...through the similarly minded antics of Eric Stanze. A not-particularly talented director has helmed a not-particularly good movie yet I still found myself sitting through it to the closing credits if for nothing more than to see what happens next.<br /><br />A rapist escapes from prison and calls up his old flame. After capturing her (even though she came willingly) and threatening her into having sex (another event she was also willing to do) he reveals that he has kidnapped three guys who wronged her in the past. He then decides to kill her (huh?) but is foiled and dies instead. The girl's mind snaps (or something like that) and she takes out her rage on the unlucky chaps in the basement.<br /><br />Alright the writing sucks: it's long winded loaded with ten-cent words and there is WAY too much of it.<br /><br />The acting sucks: what a minute what acting? <br /><br />The filming sucks: home video is bad enough but 20 minutes of graveyard footage is just a damn insult.<br /><br />And the budget is a joke: get it...'budget' that was the punchline.<br /><br />And yet there was a charm to the thing. Back in the 70's these kind of movies came out in theatres with actual budgets and talent attached to them not in this day and age though. If you want to watch this kind of violent sexually exploitive trash (don't lie some of us do) then this is all your gonna get nowadays.<br /><br />Some brief hardcore shots in a sex scene torture with fecal material fun with axes anal rape by broom stick and a lengthy shot of the crazy chick masturbating with the same broom stick are some of the better items on the menu.<br /><br />It's not good and it won't be remembered but not since the heyday of Joe D'amato have people made movies like this.<br /><br />4/10
critique8967 This Kiyoshi Kurosawa ghost movie is pretty wild and it did have at least one jump scare that caught me off guard. But all in all the movie is incredibly stupid with a detective trying to track down a suspected serial killer only to find out he may have committed one of the crimes. Then he finds himself haunted by a gorgeous Asian lady ghost and has no idea why (and neither does the viewer). As other murders are committed he becomes even more confused as the killers are easily found and this ghost still haunts him for some reason. Not only is the plot completely stupid the lady ghost is more funny than anything especially when she suddenly flies across the city like Wonder Woman. And the ending makes little sense in fact the whole movie makes little sense and I can't recommend it at all. If it didn't take itself so serious I would think it was supposed to be a black comedy. Outside of "Bright Future" this is the worst movie directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa I have seen yet.
critique8968 I am a huge fan of the first four Ju-on projects. I own them and watch them every few months. I lend them to co-workers and friends just so they can get a good scare from quality Japanese film making. I think Takashi Shimizu created a great story and presented it very effectively in these four installments.<br /><br />I was somewhat excited about The Grudge 2 opening in theaters. I saw the first American Grudge before watching the four originals. The Grudge was actually pretty good. Of course the originals are better but I got a good Halloween scare from the 2004 American Grudge.<br /><br />The Grudge 2 started off badly and went down from there. I kept waiting for it to get better to make sense to show Shimizu's talent - nothing like this happened. The thing that's great about Shimizu's Ju-on work is the story. True it's usually told in a disjointed style that you have to think about to connect its components but it is still a great story. There was no story in The Grudge 2. It was a series of gratuitous deaths from characters that you never had time to even start to care about.<br /><br />The editing was atrocious. Disjointed (as in the Japanese originals) is one thing but the complete randomness of scene sequence was exhausting. I just kept thinking "This is so stupid" and "No - he didn't really sell out this much did he??" It made me want to walk out of the theater run home and watch the original work simply to reassure myself that Shimizu has not always made this dumbed-down generic boring non-sensical thrown-together tripe.<br /><br />If you really have your heart set on seeing this movie I suggest you wait the 2 months to rent it. Really. Two of the five people in the theater with me walked out about 45 minutes into it. I debated on whether to do that myself. Going home and cleaning the house actually sounded like a better way to spend my time at that point.<br /><br />I am truly shocked at how bad this movie was. Let's pray Sam Raimi doesn't put out more cash to make The Grudge 3. It's just not worth it anymore. Sigh.
critique8969 Yeeee-Haa! <br /><br />I have seen it argued that most American Movies are cowboy movies in disguise; that Hollywood is so in love with it's only truly original creation that it keeps reinventing the cowboy myth. I'm not sure I totally buy that argument but Slipstream is evidence in support of the theory; it's a cowboy movie with aeroplanes. <br /><br />Actually it goes one better than that. It's a Spagetti Western with aeroplanes! Substitute the planes with horses make the android a priest and this movie would be indistinguishable from any one of a dozen Italian Spanish semi-arty "shoot-'em-ups with pretensions" of the Seventies.<br /><br />The film isn't as BAD as I had been lead to believe by some of the reviews I had read here but it certainly wasn't good.
critique8970 I had the distinct displeasure of seeing this movie at the 2006 Vancouver International Film Festival. I have been attending this festival for over 5 years and I have certainly seen some poor movies on occasion. However 'First Bite' has reached a brand new low in film. In spite of being shot in beautiful locations with the occasional exquisite close up of fabulous food the movie contorts an excessive number of plot twists and stilted characters until I was practically begging for it to end.<br /><br />The lead actor David La Haye completely failed to show any character development throughout the movie portraying a pompous chef from beginning to end. Additional sub-plots such as eating disorders were developed so poorly and completely did not fit within any context that the movie had shown up to that point.<br /><br />A theme of mysticism was used as a poor attempt to conceal a movie that achieves nothing goes nowhere and completely disappoints.
critique8971 Extremely slow movie.There are fine performances from all actors which is why above 5 score.Surya and Jyo are supposed to be this ideal husband and wife and we are shown this till it gets to a point you start asking is there a story.Then one day Jyo discovers Surya's diary to find his failed college love story .The college love story is totally unconvincing as Surya is an arrogant Senior who is always picking on Bhoomika beats up her friend yells at her in public and despite being terrified of him she falls in love for him.Even after that he continues to dominate her using crude language.I certainly could not appreciate the meek character played by Bhoomika I don't think any self respecting woman will fall for such jerks in real life.So Jyo decides to bring them together and what happens after that is the climax. The story is extremely weak in its characters.A extremely arrogant Surya to Bhoomika is the exact opposite with Jyo( and there is no reason given for the sudden change in character).Again a extremely meek Bhoomika becomes a big extrovert when she returns.Wonder if she had turned so super confident why didn't she try to find her love as she no longer feared anyone.
critique8972 I give this five out of 10. All five marks are for Hendrix who delivers a very decent set of his latter day material. Unfortunately the quality of the camera work and editing is verging on the appalling! We have countless full-face shots of Hendrix where he could almost be doing anything taking a pee perhaps? We don't see his hands on the guitar thats the point! Also we're given plenty shots of Hendrix from behind? There appears to be three cameras on Hendrix but amateur fools operate all of them. The guy in front of Hendrix seems to be keen to wander his focus lazily about the stage as if Hendrix on the guitar is a mere distraction. While the guy behind is keener on zeroing in on a few chicks in the stalls than actually documenting the incredible guitar work thats bleeding out the amps (the sound recording is good thanks to Wally Heider) Interspersed on the tracks are clips of student losers protesting against Vietnam etc on tracks like Machine Gun complete waste of film! If Hendrix had lived even another two years Berkeley is one of those things that would never have seen the light of day as far as a complete official release goes. The one gem it does contain is the incredible Johnny B Good but all in a pretty poor visual document of the great man and inferior to both Woodstock and Isle of Wight
critique8973 Currently this film is listed on IMDb as the 42nd worst film ever made--which is exactly why I rented it from NetFlix. However I am saddened to report that the film while bad is no where near bad enough to merit being in the bottom 100 films ever made list. I have personally seen at least 100 films worse than this one. Hardly a glowing endorsement but it just didn't meet the expected level of awfulness to be included on this infamous list.<br /><br />The film begin with Stewart Moss and Marianne McAndrew on their belated honeymoon (by the way they are married in real life as well). He's a doctor who is obsessed with bats and insists they go to a nearby cave. Once there they behave very very very stupidly (hallmark of a bad film) and are soon bitten by a bat. According to this film bats love to attack people and there are vampire bats in the US--both of which are not true at all.<br /><br />Oddly after being bitten the man doesn't even bother going to the hospital!! The first thing on anyone's mind (especially a doctor) is to get medical help immediately but not this boob. Soon he's having seizures--yet he STILL isn't interested in seeking help! Again and again you keep thinking that this must be the stupidest couple in film history!! <br /><br />After a while he eventually goes to see a doctor and is sent to the hospital. But by then it's too late and his attacks become more violent and he begins killing people to suck their blood. When it's totally obvious to everyone that the man is a crazed killing machine the wife (who like her husband has a grapefruit for a brain) refuses to believe he's dangerous--even after he attacks people steals an ambulance and runs a police car off the road!! <br /><br />Now most of the time Moss is going through these episodes his eyes roll back and he looks like a normal person. Oddly however a couple times he develops bat-like hands and towards the end they used some nice prosthetics on him to make him look quite bat-like. Had this been really cheesy the film would have merited a 1.<br /><br />In the very end in a twist that hardly made any sense at all the wife inexplicably turned into a crazed bat lady and had a swarm of bats kill the evil sheriff. How all this was arranged was a mystery as was Moss' and McAndrew's belief that this film would somehow help their careers--though they both have had reasonably long careers on TV playing bit roles since 1974.<br /><br />Overall very dumb. The plot is silly and makes no sense and strongly relies on people acting way too dumb to be real. Not a good film at all but not among the worst films of all time either.<br /><br />NOTE: For some reason IMDb shows the graphic for the three DVD set for IT'S ALIVE and it's two sequels of the web page for THE BAT PEOPLE. While THE BAT PEOPLE has been seen with the title "It's Alive" the two movies are not at all related. It's easy to understand the mistake--especially since they both came out in 1974 but the movie I just reviewed starred Stewart Moss and Marianne McAndrew and the other film starred John Ryan and Sharon Farrell.
critique8974 We had to go to an appointment so we turned on the DVR to record the ending. After it was over I looked at my husband and said "Do you have a clue?". He shook his head no. I said "So you made me watch the end of this movie and I have no clue what just happened". He didn't "make" me but you know.<br /><br />The movie body itself was quite good. There was a lot of suspense. It kept you wondering. Then came the ending. The ending was... well it just ENDED. You weren't let in on what happened or why. Right up until the credits I kept thinking something would happen to explain it but it never did. So I came here expecting someone figured it out and I just wasn't paying attention. Nope. Here four years later I'm just as clueless as tom sawyer was.<br /><br />I still have no clue what went on. I'm just glad I didn't waste any $$ to buy it because I sure would have been mad.<br /><br />OHHHHH! I get it! The end of the movie is what disappeared! ROFL
critique8975 Patrick Channing (Jeff Kober) is a disciple of Satan / serial killer who possesses the "First Power": even after being captured by detective Russell Logan (Lou Diamond Phillips) and executed in the gas chamber he is able to move his spirit from body to body and continue to murder at will. With the help of attractive psychic Tess Seaton (Tracy Griffith Melanie G.'s half-sister) he attempts to stop Channing.<br /><br />This concept probably had some possibilities I think but ultimately "The First Power" suffers from routine scripting and film-making. This is nothing we haven't seen before sometimes done better. There is nothing about this movie to distinguish it from other supernatural horror thrillers. More to the point it's not very thrilling and it certainly isn't scary. Phillips is a hard sell as a tough-as-nails cynical cop stereotype and Griffith doesn't seem to be trying very hard; best cast member is probably the distinctively featured Kober doing his best to be supremely creepy.<br /><br />The climax is rather silly and the ending very weak.<br /><br />Not really even acceptable enough to rate as an average film of its kind therefore:<br /><br />4/10
critique8976 Dr. Krellman wants to save his son Julio who's dying of heart disease. He decides a heart transplant with an ape will cure his son (no--I'm not kidding). He does the transplant and (somehow) his son changes from a frail guy into a muscle-bound man with a dime store mask that (sort of) resembles an ape! Naturally he gets out kills men tears the clothes of women and wreaks havoc. This is all inter cut with the boring romance of police lt. Arturo Martinez and lady wrestler Lucy Ossorio. We also get pointless female wrestling sequences that add nothing to the plot. It all ends by copying the end of "King Kong"! This is (obviously) a pretty stupid movie. The plot makes little sense there's the gratuitous female nudity (a staple of any exploitation film) and VERY graphic gore that looks laughably fake (except for the open heart transplant). Still this does have merit. The whole cast takes everything dead serious and actually aren't too bad as actors. Also the dubbed in dialogue was (for a film like this) well done and interesting with surprisingly good dubbing. Also I saw an excellent DVD print with bright strong color (which helps). We're not talking a classic here but an OK exploitation movie.
critique8977 I was shocked there were 18 pages of good reviews. This has to be one of the worst movies especially considering it was recommended. Must admit that comedies are not my favorite genre but this movie made it worst in that it tried so hard to be clever that it made me squirm to watch it.<br /><br />The concept of the movie is comparable to audition week on American Idol. You watch because people are so blind to their shortcomings. But we knew this movie didn't have bad actors. So how funny would it be to have good singers try to convince they shouldn't get anywhere near an American Idol tryout? It would be pointless as this movie was.<br /><br />The use of improv is over-rated. We've all been in that setting where a group of friends get on a roll and everyone is cracking up with tears in the their eyes. I feel that is improv. Improv can't be turned on just because the camera is rolling as this film proves. If you like that Drew Carey hosted show of improv you'll probably like this film.<br /><br />Overall the jokes were poor the improv was sophomoric and the over-acting by Guest and company was campy...and those are my compliments of this drivel. If a guy playing a trumpet AND the kettle drum at the same time is funny to you fine. For me I prefer more heady stuff like "I Love Lucy" or "Hee-Haw".<br /><br />But remember I think SNL lost its humor in the 1980's so maybe you'll like this G-rated humor. I kept waiting for a person to identify himself as the zoo keeper and then tell us there was no zoo in town. That's the humor you can expect.<br /><br />My only wish was that I could give this a minus rating.
critique8978 Spoiler warning.<br /><br />When the main character's sister is pushed down the stairs the killer breaks a glass of vodka next to her to make it appear that she's been drinking. But right before she is killed tells her sister's business partner (Teri Garr) on the phone that she hasn't had a drink in 4 days. Yet the police never mention the results of a toxicology report! And the characters talk about her being drunk when she fell down the stairs. Huh? Really bad mistake in this movie which is pretty awful overall. <br /><br />Surprisingly bad considering the great cast. Some faults: the writing isn't very good the music is made-for-TV bad and there is no tension at all because we already know the answer to the mystery from the first scene in the movie.
critique8979 As a child the first installment ("The Little Mermaid") was my favorite movie. It was filled with great characters songs and a fun family film. A week or so again I watched this movie for the first time. I believe that this movie was like most sequels and didn't surpass their original. I think that I feel this way possibly because I had high expectations and I have grown up. However it is not a bad film.<br /><br />It starts when Ariel has just given birth to a beautiful child Melody. Eric and Ariel feel threatened by Morgana (Eurselas' sister) so they build a large wall around their house which lies on the sea. As Melody grows up she begins to wonder outside of the walls where she is forbidden to go. Trouble stirs up as Morgana tries to take control of the seven seas.<br /><br />I don't want to give away any of the movie so you have to see it to find out. I did like that the voices are the same and again wonderful singing. I think this is a good family film though overall!
critique8980 I don't know if the problem I had with this movie is that I was not able to capture the way movies were done in the past but I believe that this one did not miss to make use of any of the the fashionable conventions available in the 40s to make a film. If you don't have anything better to do my advise is not to watch this movie but to read a book or to go out for a walk.
critique8981 This movie is very bad. In fact the only reason why I've given it a 2 rather than a 1 is because it made me laugh. Without giving anything away a man's head actually explodes in this film. It was so pathetic I laughed. I don't believe the scene was meant to be funny but it's nonsense. Complete nonsense. The original Halloween is such a good film it's a shame they had to go and make such a stinker.
critique8982 After watching this film I was left with a two very annoyances about this film: why did they make Chen's character this "McGuyver hit-man" and Lee's character such an incompetent idiot? Chen's character's background is that he was raised in an underground Cambodian orphanage for blood thirsty fighter where they learn to brawl it out to the death like wild "dogs." This detail is pushed early on during a scene where he gets into a cab and as it starts to drive he shows how he is unfamiliar with a seat belt. Soon after this scene he has a similar situation at a dim sum restaurant. Not only is he uneducated he is starving. This is not a reference to Chen's scrawny physique but to the two early scenes in the film where he is scarfing down food one of which being rice porridge off the floor of the lower deck on an old ship. Si in the first ten minutes of the film it is established that Chen is malnutrition-ed unmodernizedand has only thing going for him his "dog" brawling fighting style of some sort. Despite this situation Chen manages to out-shoot every policeman (even managing to ricochet a bullet off a metal pipe to hit a guy in a head whom was holding Chen's girlfriend hostage) and has somehow attained a super human strength (swings a 50 lb block of concrete plastered on the end of a metal pipe to the head of the police chief AS he is getting shot in the chest by said chief).<br /><br />Now Lee's character...okay I get it he's depressed he's got some baggage but wow can he do anything right? One moment they try to make him cool composed and ready to take care of business and the next moment he just got beat again. First scene he runs into Chen and he manages to misses him from approx 15 ft multiple times. Toward the end of that scene Lee watches Chen as his close friend and coworker gets slowly stabbed in the neck with a long knife for a good full 5 seconds while holding a gun to Chen face at a 10 ft distance. Even at the end of the movie Lee manages to get stabbed to death and fails once again.<br /><br />And my biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in a manner that film makers are trying to get the audience to sympathize with Chen's character and that he is just "killing to survive." That would be a lot easier if I didn't just watch Chen kill innocent people throughout the whole awful movie. Of the numerous people he killed only two people had the intention of trying to kill him the police chief and Lee. Others were just people who were eating boat owners taxi drivers and policemen trying to arrest him not kill. Overall Chen's character is a just a cold blooded killer who kills for what he wants even if its just a free ride. (Did I mention he is carrying a wad of hundred dollar bills throughout most of the film?) My 3 stars go to some of the interesting director/camera work who got in some nice shots.<br /><br />Bottomline: One made for the nut-hugging Chen fans. For me "Dog Bite This DVD"
critique8983 This starts out interestingly as there's a carnival right next to someone's house with an oil rig right there too and some kind of store-front church across the street with a neon "Jesus Saves" sign all right in one tiny area....Now that's pretty dazzling if improbable...and then we go right into the movie which takes improbable to new levels. Of course this is a lame remake of the 1979 thriller starring Carol Kane as the babysitter Jill Johnson....now Jill is some chick that ran her cell phone minutes up so high her evil parents are punishing her by making her work it off probably something that the audience this movie targets can identify with. Jill is taken to this huge and fancy house on a lake in the middle of nowhere (of course) by her dad to babysit for the Mandrakis family. The children are already nestled all snug in their beds when Jill arrives and the housekeeper is still there huh she couldn't babysit? Of course despite the remote location one of Jill's friends pops by one whom with which she apparently has issues as in "boyfriend stealing" or something. Anyway of course the alarm in the house goes off for no reason and then calls from someone start coming in calls from someone that wants to kill her. Of course Jill calls the cops and since there hasn't been any actual threat on her life they blow her off but tell her to call back if there's anything else they can do for her. Check out the scene with Jill calling her friends at the high school bonfire/pep rally or whatever it's supposed to be it looks like some kind of "Burning Man" festival ??!!?? There's all kind of contrived scares in this including the cool cat Chester who of course pops up here and there one of the tiredest "horror movie" clichÃƒÂ©s there is. I will admit that I dozed off at some point during this and did I miss anything? Hard to tell or care really. This is one of those films that makes me wonder how bad the remakes of "Amityville Horror" "House of Wax" or "The Fog" could have been. Anyway from reading online reviews it seems like the folks that were the most scared by this were 12 year old girls and I can only assume that from statements like "it made me pee-pee my pants". Well one can only hope that this will put an end to Hollywood remakes of films that weren't exactly stellar to begin with but don't bet on it. 2 out of 10 and I'm being overly generous.
critique8984 The monster will look very familiar to you. So will the rest of the film if you've seen a half-dozen of these teenagers-trapped-in-the-woods movies. Okay so they're not teenagers this time but they may as well be. Three couples decide it might be a good idea to check out a nearly-abandoned ghost town in hopes of finding the gold that people were killed over a scant century-and-a-half before. You'd think that with a title like "Miner's Massacre" some interesting things might happen. They don't. In fact only about 1/10 of the film actually takes place in the mine. I had envisioned teams of terrified miners scampering for their lives in the cavernous confines of their workplace praying that Black Lung Disease would get them before The Grim Reaper exacted his grisly revenge but instead I got terrestrial twenty-somethings fornicating--and in one case defecating--in the woods a gang of morons with a collective I.Q. that would have difficulty pulling a plastic ring out of a box of Cracker Jacks much less a buried treasure from an abandoned mine. No suspense no scares and plenty of embarrassing performances give this turkey a 3 for nudity.
critique8985 This movie is unbelievably ridiculous. I love horror movies but this is the worst one I've ever seen. I am a huge fan of gore but most of the deaths in this movie aren't shown. It just shows us the already dead bodies and the only death scenes that they actually show in this movie are terrible. The graphics look so obviously fake. The actors are awful as well. There is no real emotion from any of them. Not only did I waste my time watching this piece of sh*t movie but I had to subject myself to actual footage of animals being beaten during the beginning of it. If I could rate this a -10 I would. F*ck this movie. It's crap. <br /><br />Don't watch it.
critique8986 This program didn't do it for me although I'm a fan of the genre. The major factor that disappointed me was that there was not a single scene which was not dominated by the main character. This made it a bit two-dimensional and I gave up before the program was over.<br /><br />I was hoping to leave my critique there as I'm no movie critic however the guidelines on IMDb state that you must put in 10 lines of commentary. It did remind me of Hudson Hawk in the way the main character is in every single scene and I would hope that the writers of this program could employ some more diversity to engage with the viewers. I don't doubt the talent of any of the cast and crew it's just that after watching things like "the wire" I've come to expect great things from cop drama.
critique8987 This film The Alamo:Thirteen Days to Glory is utter rubbish. The acting is awful it is far too patriotic and its historical accuracy is not always at its best (Historians would have a field day). It does have a few good moments but not enough to keep interest because it is far too long. Rating * out of **********.
critique8988 This movie is bad. If you are thinking about watching it there is only one decent scene in the movie and it lasts about 5 seconds (Amanda Carraway's topless scene). The rest of the movie is horrible. I think high school plays probably have better acting. The plot makes no sense at all. The set was pretty lame and it wasn't even good to make fun of. It was just dull and very very bad! I watched this on Starz so I thought it had to be at least decent. The mini description sounded like it'd be alright. The girlfriend kills herself for apparently no reason at the beginning of the movie after you have to watch some horrible music video. The transitions between scenes are VERY abrupt and its like someone just put a ton of clips into a movie without even thinking about how to transition them. Just cuts from one scene to another no smoothness. Kind of like my random switching from talking about how bad the movie is to explaining why the plot sucks. The audio gets low at some points where you can barely hear it then gets loud with gay 'horror screams' thrown in at random points in the movie. It is the same sound every time. This is now officially the worst movie I have ever seen<br /><br />Acting: 0/10 Effects: 1/10 Storyline: 0/10 Music: 3/10<br /><br />Lame-meter : 1000000 / 10
critique8989 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique8990 ...out of this movie.<br /><br />Sorry to say this showed at the Cleveland International Film Festival. Our copy did not have subtitles so I asked the Festival crew if there was a problem with the print received. "Not so..." I was told. "the director wants it this way". <br /><br />Again sorry to say my French is barely high school elective level (more than 3 decades ago). Much of the initial dialog is in French so I'm sure I missed the nuance and many details in between my understanding of a few key words. <br /><br />I've rated this a "1" primarily because of the irony of a director who once worked doing subtitles refusing to put subtitles into a movie to be seen by an American audience. Excuse me even if most Americans wouldn't know where Europe was on a map not even a film festival audience should be assumed to know "the native language" of a given movie. Even if a few of us don't know Finnish I would still expect subtitles for the few "dolts" who aren't sophisticated enough to have expertise in the 37 different languages presented. I'll put up with this ego from David Lynch not from Litvack.
critique8991 My wife invited my son and I to watch this on cable TV on a lazy Saturday evening thinking that it might show an unusual role for Juliette Lewis. On this promise at least the movie delivers: her character is ineffectual adhering to nearly every slasher-type horror movie cliche. As does the movie. A cataloguing of its studied adherence to them would be an exercise in recall of something I hope to quickly forget so I won't make one. Basically this is a whodunnit heavy on the red herrings: everybody appears guilty rather than just the two one suspects from the beginning. The "rule out the logical and obvious and what's left is it" rule of bad horror movies works well on this one. The only surprise to have any impact on me was its final snagging of the indeterminate ending cliche: will Jane keep her appointment with her attempted rescuer who will tell her the (obvious to the audience) identity of the 2nd conspirator propelling her into another round of hysterical victim-play. Mercifully I will never know.
critique8992 The "math" aspect to this is merely a gimmick to try to set this TV show apart from the millions of other cop shows. The only redeeming aspect to this show is Rob Morrow although his career must have been (undeservedly) waning after Northern Exposure if he signed up for this schlock.<br /><br />The lame-ness of the "math" aspect to the show is encapsulated in one episode co-starring Lou Diamond Phillips (which just confirms that this show is the last refuge of the damned.) In order to catch a fugitive the "mathematician" uses some theory about "bubbles". So he gives this long explanation that if we have seen the suspect in places A B and C then we can use "bubble theory" to calculate where he might be. He does this all on a chalkboard or maybe with a stick in the dirt (I cant remember).<br /><br />Anyway when you look at the finished product he basically took three spots and picked a point right in the middle and said "Ok mathematically here's where we are most likely to find the fugitive." At which point one other character points out "Oh that point also happens to be the cabin where the guy used to live." Is that math? Its not even connect-the-f**k**g-dots!!! This show reminds me of the math major I used to work with in banking who had a mathematical analysis he could do to "support" points that every one else had already agreed on through either less-complex analysis or basic common sense.<br /><br />It just goes to show -- When you're a hammer everything looks like a nail. I can't wait til they stick the NUMB3RS team on OSAMA... They'll use calculus call an airstrike in the middle of the mountains and hit Osama and not even scratch the five children he uses as human shields... cuz hey... its all about the numbers.<br /><br />Totally ludicrous TV show.
critique8993 I was expecting a lot more of this film than what I actually got. The acting was just awful from everyone and the story was far from impressive. It took a lot of something I don't to even follow what was going because it was so jumpy. An example of the acting is when Paxton's character Vann is upset the South Vietnamese colonel for so he throws some of the sand from the "sand map". It was impossible to get any idea of what he was feeling and his actions were robotic. To make things worse I have no idea how I'm supposed to feel about Vann. He's obviously presented as the protagonist but as soon as he gets to Vietnam he starts an affair with an Vietnamese English teacher. The only thing the movie had going for it was that it wasn't particularly boring. I give it 4 stars out of 10.
critique8994 From the weeks and weeks of promotion for this ABC's "The One" was supposed to be "The Real World" meets "American Idol." We were to watch these singers perform compete and see how they lived together in a house as well. The Drama! The Tension! <br /><br />Where does one begin with this atrocity? Let's start with the "judges" who were known as "Music Experts" on this program. "Experts" implies they have expertise. Andre Harrell at least had a pedigree. He was in charge of Motown Records for a time. The other two... eh. Kate Hudson's uncle who could have been labeled Mr. Weird Beard. He dyed his facial hair three distinctly different florescent colors. I wonder how scary he would have been with a black light! And The Paula Abdul wannabe who did something I didn't think could happen: she was even more gushing and cloying than Paula! She then over corrected and became harshly critical after the first episode. The farce of "critiques" that these three offered was a true joke and an insult not only to the process of finding the best singer but to the audience that is now quite savvy already having done this numerous times on Fox.<br /><br />There was the host. George Stroumboulopoulos was no Ryan Seacrest. In fact he was as lackluster as can be. He actually sucked what little energy there was in the program dry. How he got that job was the second biggest mystery of the show.<br /><br />The first was how did they pick the 11 competitors for this program? This was literally a talent-free talent show. OK. Perhaps that's an exaggeration. And granted the performers all have to be relatively close in ability because if they were not there wouldn't be a "contest." If only one person was "good" there would be no "suspense." So I get that they all needed to be comparable. But they all should have had *some* chops! Additionally the judges were running a "Singing Academy" so the program was part "Fame" as well. Clearly these performers desperately needed those lessons. But you need some extremely talented people to teach those with little talent to be talented. And that definitely wasn't what was happening here.<br /><br />It seemed in casting the show the priority was on the "homelife" elements as all of the players were very attractive to look at in equal parts to how badly they vocalized. But the filmed segments in their house were so chopped and sliced you couldn't get into the stories that were starting to happen so the show didn't capture the events there either.<br /><br />As badly devised as all of that was "The One" had an incredible unbelievable fatal design flaw built into the results that made it completely laughable.<br /><br />The audience phoned in their votes for who they liked the best just like on "AI." But then after the audience vote was revealed the bottom three contestants were forced to sing a final song. The "music experts" based on that performance chose one person from the three to save for the following week. And THEN the contestants who were safe got to vote for who they wanted to keep from the remaining two sending the remaining contestant home.<br /><br />The "design flaw" was that the contestants had the final say. I mean if you were in a music competition and you wanted to get as far along the path as you could would you vote to KEEP the better singer or would you try to get rid of your toughest rival? Any first season viewer of CBS's "Survivor" could answer that one! And that's exactly what happened on the program. The person who had the better potential was lost and the contestants voted back "the one" who had no talent at all! On top of that the contestant who was just saved from the bottom by the "experts" was also allowed to vote against the remaining two! It was a complete farce! <br /><br />Maybe if they let the contestants vote first at least the "experts" would save the better of two evils to finish. But this just confirms how not ready this show was for broadcast how unsatisfying the whole process was to view and how misguided the producers were in attempting it.
critique8995 Maybe this isn't fair because I only made it about halfway through the movie. One of the few movies I have actually not been able to watch due to lameness.<br /><br />The acting is terrible the camera work is terrible the plot is ridiculous and the whole movie is just unrealistic and cheesy. For example - during a coke deal the coke is just kept loose in a briefcase - I'm no expert but I think people generally put it in a bag.<br /><br />They use the same stupid sound effect whenever a punch is thrown (it's that over the top 'crunching' sound" and they use toy guns with dubbed in sound effects.<br /><br />Worst movie ever.
critique8996 Ho Hum. Just another flick with Steven Seagal pretending to be some spiritual being but bashing heads and killing like it was nothing. He of course justifies it in the end by donating the money to an orphanage. How sweet. Lay the world to waste and we'll ignore it if you take care of a little girl. Jeesh! This time he is partnered with Ice Cool (Anthony 'Treach' Criss). Gotta have someone to lay all those cringe-inducing lines on man and there are plenty. The dialog is pure crap.<br /><br />They go after bad guys Nick Mancuso and Kevin Tighe two people that were born to play the scumbags.<br /><br />He's squeezing Mari Morrow and impressing soap star Sarah Buxton. How cute.<br /><br />I guess if you gotta have some July Force excitement this may suffice. If nothing else it will help you get your degree in Seagalology.
critique8997 Why it's none other than Ator played hilariously bad by Miles O'Keefe. Surprisingly I had the misfortune of sitting through this turkey before Mystery Science Theater 3000 tore it to pieces. I highly recommend checking out the MST3K version since it's hilarious and one of their best episodes ever.<br /><br />The movie on it's own is basically the kind of typical B-movie crud that Italian film-makers were churning out in the early to mid 80's. This film was apparently made to cash in on the Conan craze but it fails miserably on all counts.<br /><br />Keep an eye out for the scenes where Ator fights a giant rubber snake and also manages to make a complete hang-glider during a cutaway.<br /><br />"Thong fish is ready!"<br /><br />rating: the movie itself-1 The MST3K version: 10
critique8998 I wouldn't recommend this unless you're keen on David Copperfield and want to "complete the set". There are some good performances (e.g. Uriah Heep) and well directed moments (e.g. the beating) but on the whole it really pales in comparison with the 1999 BBC version as well as earlier versions. <br /><br />There are inexplicable changes to the story that really serve no great purpose except possibly to dumb it down (the stolen jewels being a case in point). The American cast were poorly chosen: Sally Field is a good actress but she is wrong as Betsy Trotwood and her English accent is only slightly better than Dick Van Dyke's cockney. I can see why Michael Richards was chosen to play Mr Micawber; he hams it up rather too much however and becomes irritating. He also speaks his lines in an accent that goes beyond eccentric and becomes simply preposterous. Anthony Andrews is menacing as Mr Murdstone but one almost expects him to don a black cape and tie David's mother to a railway line (though this is perhaps partly the fault of Dickens). <br /><br />I got this for free with a newspaper. It helped pass a Sunday afternoon but I felt more disappointed than charmed at the end of it
critique8999 Now let me see if I have this correct a lunatic serial killer is going around murdering estate agents....okay...what's wrong with that scenario I can live with that.<br /><br />What next a slasher with tax inspectors butchered? Traffic wardens sliced to death? Are we supposed to feel any sympathy for empty headed and shallow money obsessed property people? Er...no.<br /><br />Sadly joking aside it's just not a very well made film with poor acting and crude effects the climatic scene is particularly silly. You can almost see the director shouting 'action' to the stuntman as he falls through the glass of the window.<br /><br />As another reviewer quite rightly said after starring in 'The Fog' this was the nadir of Adrienne Barbeau's career. Therefore I was happy to see that she had rekindled it by becoming the voice of Catwoman in the Batman animated series while watching the extras on the live action Catwoman film. NB: not quite the awful film it's made out to be by the way.<br /><br />This however is a bad film think a poor episode of 'Kojak' or 'Streets of San Francisco' and you will get an idea of what is on offer here.
critique9000 ...This would be the worst film i'd ever seen. Hmmm OK maybe tied with Boogeyman then. Awful truly awful.<br /><br />I had low expectations and it failed to meet them! I honestly cant think of one good thing. so here are the worst points...<br /><br />1. THE ACTING 2. THE PLOT 3. THE CGI (Xbox 360 has better graphics....seriously) 4. THE PLOT 5. THE DIALOGUE and finally.... 6. THE PLOT <br /><br />There are so many unanswered questions Did they make a 2:32 hour long movie then realize they hadn't put Lex Luthor and Superman in a scene together and were forced to settle for the 3 minute bit or did they actually think no-one would notice that the main hero and villain have less screen time together than Superman's son and the henchman he kills?!!<br /><br />Was half the budget spent on persuading Kevin Spacey to do it?<br /><br />When Superman goes to hospital why don't the doctors ask "What the F*** do you want us to do?! He's a F***ing alien! We don't know jack about his anatomy!"? <br /><br />What happened in the 5 years Superman was away to cause technology to advance 28 years? <br /><br />Where the people who wrote good reviews watching the same movie?<br /><br />and finally Why? Just Why? <br /><br />BTW for those of you wondering how come Superman could lift an entire continent of krypyonite i think i've figured it out...<br /><br />...since superman is unaffected by the kryptonite till he sees something green in the rocks it is clearly all in his head. therefore the continent thing is just him suppressing his fear of shiny green rock....<br /><br />either that or the writers are slack-jawed half-wits who didn't think that was a fairly obvious mistake.
critique9001 I bought this adaptation because I really liked Anne BrontÃƒÂ«'s novel when I read it some time ago and usually particularly enjoy BBC dramas. But I'm very disappointed I never thought it would be as bad as that: the whole series made me laugh much more than moved me as the novel had.<br /><br />First of all the music (and songs) seems totally out of place in a period drama (sounds as if it's been written for a contemporary horror film)and like another commentator I was particularly annoyed by the way the cameras spun and spun round the actors. I've seen some scenes filmed that way in "North and South" and it seemed all right there but in The Tenant it's definitely overdone and simply annoying. Camera movements cannot make wooden acting lively.<br /><br />Most of the second roles were difficult to distinguish at first and the script lacked clarity. None of the characters were properly introduced at first. The little boy gave a very good performance he's very cute and the best feature of the film.<br /><br />SPOILERS Tara Fitzgerald's characterisation of Helen Graham made her appear cold and harsh letting no emotion pass through. She doesn't seem to be able to cry at all in a realistic way. I just couldn't believe Markham could have fell for her and I'm not mentioning the awful hairdo she was given. I could not help feeling some sympathy with her husband! Fancy being married to such a virago... Besides he was the only main actor that sounded right to me. Toby Stephens I found just OK Helen Graham's brother not very good. <br /><br />Maybe it's difficult to adapt a novel that deals with such bleak subjects as alcoholism and cruelty. Besides what is only hinted at and left to the reader's imagination in the book is dwelt upon with complaisance in the TV adaptation: making some scenes both gross and comic (like when Huntingdon's eye starts bleeding) and others far too sexed up for a period drama! I mean don't we get enough of those bed scenes in contemporary dramas?
critique9002 Please do not go see this. I did have several laughs throughout this movie but they were all due to unintentional comedy.<br /><br />There were only three characters in this movie so it was amazing how bad the character development was. Pacino played Pacino again and was aggravating most of the time. The scenes in this movie seem like they were put together from 20 other bad movies by a really poor editor. There is no continuity and I found myself wondering why I didn't leave 15 minutes into this.<br /><br />I would suggest never seeing a movie directed by D.J. Caruso. This really was awful.
critique9003 Let me start off by saying that I loved the original Grudge. It was bar none one of the scariest most hair-rising experiences I've ever had in a filled movie theatre. I'm not kidding. Being a self-declared japanophile also made the flick look better in my eyes (if the setting had been changed to some American suburb I probably would've ended up hating the film).<br /><br />That said... this movie is a complete mess! I won't say it sucks because A) the movie does have some good points B) "it sucks" is the lamest put-down in the history of lame put-downs. So what does the movie have going for it? Well for starters it has a pretty cool look: through filters and the use of bleak washed-out colours Takashi Shimizu almost recreates the downbeat angst-ridden atmosphere of the original. A few scenes are genuinely shocking and unpredictable. Unfortunately the rest of the film is just plain bad. Period.<br /><br />The story is all over the place needlessly told Tarantino style i.e. the scenes are out of chronological order. This technique is pointless in the case of this movie and it merely makes things more confusing. Frankly a straightforward plot would've worked better. The original was also lacking plot-wise but it did make sense and the film more than made up for its thin plot with lots of scares and a genuinely tense atmosphere. Grudge 2 has none of these elements and is just a waste of time.<br /><br />Let's not forget the TV-show acting skills which make the cast of the original Grudge look like Emily Watson and Katherine Hepburn. Simply put the movie doesn't work. It's too slow too dull and just not scary enough to make up for the confusing plot (which adds nothing new to the story by the way so not even Grudge fans will be pleased).<br /><br />Oh and what is it with the old man playing Japanese peek-a-boo on the bus?? Is this supposed to be comic relief? Artistic statement? Or what?
critique9004 Would have better strengthened considerably by making it as a<br /><br />50 minute episode of the Outer Limits. Too much superfluous material and stuff like the chief bad guy looking like he'd escaped from The Phantom of the Opera didn't help. The whole 'Night of the Living Dead' sequence was extremely silly and quite unnecessary. After all if the dead were to punish anyone for their sins now remind me exactly who was killing everyone again?
critique9005 Well the artyfartyrati of Cannes may have liked this film but not me I am afraid. If you like the type of film where shots linger for so long that you wonder whether the actor has fallen asleep or the cameraman gone for lunch then it may be for you. A large part of it is like this with short sojourns into the realm of unpleasantness. I did not find it shocking nor disturbing as some other reviewers have - simply a little distasteful and pointless. The only reason I did not give this one star is that the acting is commendable ans the film is fairly well shot. The plot however has little to recommend. A large part of the film just shows a grumpy woman teaching or listening to piano which might appeal to some people. But lest you think this is harmless enough be prepared for some snatches of pornography and sexual violence just to wake you up with a bad taste in your mouth. Not recommended.
critique9006 I never understood why some people dislike Bollywood films: they've got charismatic actors great dance numbers and heightened emotion--what's not to like? What I didn't realize was that I had only seen the upper-crust of Bollywood. Then I watched "Garam Masala". I could tell from the first scene that this was not a movie I was going to like (the film opens with a montage of the two leads driving around a city and apparently happening serendipitously on a series of photo setups populated with gyrating models) but I kept hoping things would improve. Sadly they didn't. The main problem is that the two protagonists Mac & Sam are completely unsympathetic. They spend the entire movie lying to women--and lying brutally- -in order to get them into bed and the audience is supposed to find this funny and be charmed. The boys are unscrupulous and inept and not in a lovable way. Mac even goes so far as to have one of the women drugged in order to keep her from discovering his cheating. The script is extremely poor with repetitive scenes setups that never lead to anything and illogical actions and statements by the characters. In fact the characters are never really developed at all. The males are boorish greedy jerks and the women merely interchangeably beautiful. If you go by this movie you would think that "air hostesses" are pretty easy to pass from man to man. In reality betrayal is not so humorous. <br /><br />The only bright spots I found in the movie were one dance number that had brilliant sets and a few slapsticky moments involving the French-farce door-slamming aspects of the story. But Bollywood dancing is better enjoyed in movies choreographed by Farah Khan and for slapstick you might as well just go straight to the silent comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd who seem to have influenced writer/director Priyadarshan not a little. Priyadarshan also takes false credit for inventing the story: the basic premise of the plot is stolen from the 1960 play "Boeing Boeing." The original author of that work Marc Camoletti is credited nowhere. At least Priyadarshan changed the title for this remake rather than brazenly using the original without giving credit as he did in his 1985 version of this same tale. (According to IMDb's credits list.)
critique9007 You would have thought given how much this overblown pile of rubbish must have cost that the budget could have stretched to a decent scriptwriter. Instead they seemed to have opted for a bog standard Hollywood 'Paint by Numbers' disaster movie plot and dialog. The only clichÃƒÂ© they seem to have missed was the Cute Kid. But every other one is there. There's the sullen hero flung together by fate with both his ex wife and estranged father. There's the doting Dad and the rebellious teenager.There's the 'Professor that everyone thought was wrong until it turned out he wasn't'(Played appallingly by the normally excellent Tom Courtney seemingly in the grip of some powerful drugs) plus the comic duo wandering about in the deserted underground railway.<br /><br />I sat down to watch this full of anticipation. The cast is as noted amazing. Yet within minutes it became clear how bad this was going to be. Stuff this useless should come with a warning. Something along the lines of;<br /><br />'This film may have been made in Britain but was aimed at the American market. It therefore contains tired clichÃƒÂ©s stock characters stilted dialogue and a plot so lame brained and simplistic that even George W Bush could understand it.'<br /><br />Avoid.
critique9008 This is a film that had a lot to live down to . on the year of its release legendary film critic Barry Norman considered it the worst film of the year and I'd heard nothing but bad things about it especially a plot that was criticised for being too complicated <br /><br />To be honest the plot is something of a red herring and the film suffers even more when the word " plot " is used because as far as I can see there is no plot as such . There's something involving Russian gangsters  a character called Pete Thompson who's trying to get his wife Sarah pregnant  and an Irish bloke called Sean . How they all fit into something called a " plot " I'm not sure . It's difficult to explain the plots of Guy Ritchie films but if you watch any of his films I'm sure we can all agree that they all posses one no matter how complicated they may seem on first viewing . Likewise a James Bond film though the plots are stretched out with action scenes . You will have a serious problem believing RANCID ALUMINIUM has any type of central plot that can be cogently explained <br /><br />Taking a look at the cast list will ring enough warning bells as to what sort of film you'll be watching . Sadie Frost has appeared in some of the worst British films made in the last 15 years and she's doing nothing to become inconsistent . Steven Berkoff gives acting a bad name ( and he plays a character called Kant which sums up the wit of this movie ) while one of the supporting characters is played by a TV presenter presumably because no serious actress would be seen dead in this <br /><br />The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it's utterly forgettable . I saw it a few days ago and immediately after watching I was going to write a very long a critical review warning people what they are letting themselves in for by watching  but by now I've mainly forgotten why . But this doesn't alter the fact that I remember disliking this piece of crap immensely
critique9009 Users who have rated this movie so highly simply can't have seen enough good films to compare it with. Have they all been brainwashed?? I have rarely felt so disappointed by a film and some of that must be attributable to the ridiculous hype surrounding this movie.<br /><br />From the first BU is just a chase film. We pick it up at the end of one chase and go straight into another. And another. And another. And another. Do you see a pattern emerging? There is virtually no time 'wasted' on plot character development or boring old reality.<br /><br />If you haven't see the other two Bourne films you're pretty lost. If you have - you only WISH you were lost - somewhere a long way from a cinema.<br /><br />Paul Greengrass's dispassionate style worked exceptionally well on United 93 which was a sentiment overload desperate to happen but on Bourne and his interminable woes it just has the effect of removing the audience from involvement with the character. He runs. He jumps. He punches. He gets blown up. He clears tall buildings. Yada yada yada. Above all - he SURVIVES. He survives like a plastic Action Man survives which only makes the ridiculous stunts he pulls all the more slack and lacking in any kind of tension. So he drives off a building? So what? He'll survive. Yawn.<br /><br />There's a girl thrown into the mix because Bourne's love interest died in a previous incarnation but she's just decor. I've seen more character depth and snappy dialogue in episodes of Captain Scarlet.<br /><br />Bourne's own journey of literal self-discovery is dull and formless and tells us nothing we didn't know from the first movie. He was turned into a killing machine. Big deal. He finds out his true identity. So what? It doesn't have any emotional resonance when it comes.<br /><br />The 'twist' ending is telegraphed and weak. Oh dear the more I think about this film the more I hate it! I've already reduced my score to 4 during the writing of this comment! I'd better end now before the slide continues.<br /><br />I love a good action flick and I love a good thriller. The Bourne Ultimatum is neither. It's a loud tedious series of flashy edits ridiculous sound effects and cartoon violence. <br /><br />The idea that it 'shows the way' to the Bond franchise is utter crap. Casino Royale blows it out of the water.
critique9010 The box for "To Die For" suckered me in -- a shirtless hunky guy and the promise of some laughs and sex. There was plenty of Thomas Arklie (Simon) who's easy on the eyes but no laughs and little sexiness.<br /><br />The couple Mark and Simon have allegedly been together several years but neither character is interesting enough to care about so it's hard to imagine that they care about each other. The fault seems to lie in the script not the performances; both actors do the best they can with what they're given. <br /><br />The ending is sappy and unaffecting (well not totally unaffecting; I felt relief that it was over). <br /><br />If you're looking for a movie about gay relationships and AIDS that's funny "Parting Glances" is far better.
critique9011 How in the name of decency did this film ever get made? <br /><br />One presumes the subtitles merely say 'awful' on every single frame of this truly dismal effort.<br /><br />Horrendous acting woeful dialogue and the lack of talent from everyone involved in this nightmare make for an excruciating 90 minutes.<br /><br />Overall impression? <br /><br />A bunch of excitable drama students got lucky with a lottery grant and proceeded to make one of the most painful films ever made.<br /><br />This makes Hammer Horror TV shows look like Oscar material.<br /><br />And don't for a second think this falls into the 'so bad it's good' category. It's not even that bad.<br /><br />But the fart lighting scene is probably worth another look.
critique9012 This is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. Can somebody please explain the plot of this movie to me? Yes I know the bus ran out of gas in the middle of the desert after the driver never noticed that his compass wasn't functioning but what then? And how did it end? Maybe I'm to stupid to understand this movie but to me it was an absolute waste of time.<br /><br />My recommendation? Do not bother there are far better movies to be seen. This movie ranks with my other all time low-low's (Going overboard - Adam Sandler and Fire on the Amazon - Sandra Bullock)
critique9013 This movie was nothing like the book. <br /><br />Everything was mixed up or changed. Most of the movie was things that weren't even in the book.<br /><br />This movie never should have been viewed. It was a great disappointment to me when I enjoyed the book so much and then to watch how this movie trashed the entire thing.<br /><br />I would never recommend this movie to anyone that is a fan of Nora Roberts or J.D. Robb.<br /><br />Honestly this movie is not worth watching with how off from the book is really is.
critique9014 Sloppily directed witless comedy that supposedly spoofs the "classic" 50s "alien invasion" films but really is no better than them except of course in the purely technical department (good makeup effects). And any spoof that is worse than its target is doomed to fail ("Casino Royale" "Our Man Flint" are worse than almost any James Bond movie). After two hours of hearing the screeching voices of the aliens you'll be begging for some peace and quiet. (*1/2)
critique9015 An attempt at crossover to appeal to those who don't appreciate opera exploiting the fame of one of the greatest opera singers of all time it fails badly. All that is desirable in this movie is the opera and one can best find a recording of Pavarotti doing what he does best. The plot revolves around a romance with a doctor who heals his throat which has suddenly become troublesome. <br /><br />Only because it came out so long ago is it largely forgotten. Like most opera stars Pavarotti is a decent actor and has stage presence aside from his singing talent and nothing that he does in this movie negates that opinion. His culpability lies in not rejecting the horrid script. Perhaps because great operas can have silly stories he tolerated this one.<br /><br />Who knows except those involved? Do we need to know? <br /><br />The plot is weak and trite. This movie is like trudging through cold mud to pick off a few juicy tidbits (the opera music) hanging above the mud. We have other ways in which to appreciate the great Pavarotti and this one isn't one of them. Just get one of his many superb opera or vocal-concert recordings and recognize the master tenor where he is most suited.<br /><br />It would be one of IMDb's 100 Worst Films if more people remembered it and gave it some votes; it would fit neatly in a list including several efforts of singers actors models and athletes to exploit their popularity through film. Very often it all goes badly wrong due to incompetent acting or a horrible script. Pavarotti would have been a decent actor had he not shown such a superb voice. However effective he is as an actor (opera requires it) not even Jimmy Stewart could have rescued this turkey of a script.<br /><br />I give it a polite 3 of 10 because someone may have become a fan of Pavarotti's singing and of opera because of this movie.
critique9016 This movie tries its darndest to capture that classic bad canadian movie feel:<br /><br />"quirky" and obnoxious characters (a few); "quirky" town with "quirky" folk; a "quirky" coffee shop or restaurant (coffee shop here); lots of shots of canadian stuff for postcards (ocean stuff here); lots of mention of "gotta get out of this town"; downright booooring.<br /><br />And it succeeds on all counts.<br /><br />Something to note though. I couldn't figure out whether this movie was just trying to be post-Northern Exposure "quirky" comedy or something surreal like a drug-induced or psychotic hallucination. The editing of this movie jumped around nonsensically from one unrelated thing to another with zero pacing or motivation. Not to mention the fact that half the time we didn't even know where we were jumping. Take for instance the very opening shots of yelling teens in a car. Who are they and what the h--- did they have to do with anything? And this sub - uh - plot (use that word plot loosely) concering kids that seem to span generations. I don't think they actually do but the editing makes it look like they materialize from flashback all of a sudden to current time. Huh? What did I miss?<br /><br />Avoid. Unless for laughs. Or you want to try and trip out on the inept editing.
critique9017 (aka: DEMONS III)<br /><br />Made for Italian TV although shot in English and was never meant to be a sequel to the earlier DEMONS films. It was supposed to be simply titled THE OGRE which is how director Lamberto Bava had released it.<br /><br />An American family rents an Italian villa for the summer. The woman (Virginia Bryant) has recurring dreams of herself as a little girl going down to the old wine-cellar of this villa an encountering this cocoon-like structure hanging down from the ceiling. It glows and is covered in cobwebs and has what looks like spider or insect legs hanging down from it. It drips what looks like green paint.<br /><br />Of course the husband doesn't believe any of this. The villa just is old and creaks and makes strange noises in the middle of the night and she should just ignore it.<br /><br />But then the OGRE itself appears in what looks like some kind of 16th Centaury costume with what looks like a wolf's head attached to it and it's attracted to the scent of orchids.<br /><br />The films isn't really that bad and at least the dialog is halfway intelligent without the ridiculous awkward phrases that dubbing would bring. There's no real gore other than some skeletons rotting in a basement pond that really looks like the bottom of a modern swimming pool. The OGRE itself just simply fades away after it is run over by the family's Jeep Cherokee. <br /><br />The copy of the Shriek DVD I watched was defective with the picture going black for a few seconds about a half an hour into the film a flaw I hope Shriek has since corrected. Extras include a short interview with Lamberto Bava where he explains how this wasn't a sequel etc..etc...along with some trailers to other Shriek DVD releases. This is pretty standard stuff.<br /><br />3 out of 10<br /><br />
critique9018 Oh dear what a horrid movie.<br /><br />The production was so cheap and nasty... Remember the shot from "the Natural" where the lightning hits the tree (leaving a glowing stump) that Roy Hobbs makes a bat from?? Well the producers of this movie used that same scene to prefix a scene where a tree branch slammed into the house.<br /><br />I wonder if they paid to use the footage from The Natural or did they just hope that no-one who would watch the film would pick it up ?<br /><br />Then at the end where they were getting trying to get away in the truck. Such over-acting in the cabin. <br /><br />A really bad film a really bad film.
critique9019 I have seen a lot of bad films. Most of the time I can enjoy a crappy horror film for what it is. But this really takes badness to new extremes.<br /><br />It is bland the plot for what it is never really goes anywhere and takes its time over it. There are no shocks no horror no suspense just a load of guys rubbing themselves for an hour and a half and then a quick finish.<br /><br />A blight on the crappy horror genre avoid at all costs.<br /><br />
critique9020 Have I ever seen a film more shockingly inept? I can think of plenty that equal this one but none which manage to outdo it. The cast are all horrible stereotypes lumbered with flat dialogue. I am ashamed for all of the people involved in making this. Each one wears an expression of fear not generated by the plot but by the realisation that this project could easily nix their career. Even the many charms of Ms. Diaz don't provide an adequate reason to subject yourself to this. Avoid it's obviously a style of film that Americans haven't really got a grasp of. Watch the final result if you must and you'll see what I'm talking about but DON'T say I didn't warn you...
critique9021 Robert Altman's "Quintet" is a dreary gloomy hard to follow thriller where you finally give up after awhile because it's so complicated.<br /><br />I remember seeing this at my local twin on opening weekend with a full house. By the time the picture ended it was less than a quarter full. Never have I witnessed such a mass exodus without there being an emergency to drive people out. That should tell you how bad it is. I believe it to be the worst film ever made involving such major talent in front of and behind the camera.
critique9022 The Choke starts as a rock band known as The Choke prepare for a gig at a nightclub called 'Club 905' owned & run by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Lead singer Dylan (Sean Cook) & guitar player Mike (Jason McKee) plan to tell the other band members bass player London (Brooke Bailey) & drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that they are both going solo & their services won't be needed any longer. Once at the club Dylan prepares but Mike doesn't show up & the gig turns into a disaster. Then just as the band think things couldn't get any worse they find a dead body in the cellar that all the doors have been locked so they can't get out & that they can't trust anyone as a mysterious killer begins picking them off one-by-one...<br /><br />Produced & directed by Juan A. Mas The Choke is a standard by-the-numbers teen slasher that really doesn't have anything going for it. The script by Jessica Dolan & Susannah Lowber (not too many horror films out there penned by ladies...) has some surprisingly good character's in it & some nifty dialogue but while it's much better than a lot of modern shot on a camcorder type horror in that respect it's so slow & boring that even a few interesting character's can't come anywhere close to saving it. As one would expect all the usual teen slasher clichÃƒÂ©s are used from the isolated location the victims can't escape from the cast of good looking teenagers who keep splitting up a few murders & a really poor twist ending that tries to mimic something like Scream (1996) & be surprising but doesn't make a whole lot of sense when you think about it logically (they couldn't have done some of the things they were supposed to) & to make matters even worse I guessed who the killer was fairly early on & even though I don't want to boast I was spot on. Then there's the fact that the makers of The Choke felt that it's audience would be entertained by showing endless (well it feels endless while watching it) scenes of teenagers walking around dark corridors doing nothing in particular I am sorry but there is only so many scenes like this that I can take before it starts to become tedious. The kill count is low at first they all decide to stick together (good idea) but then they all just randomly decide to split up & go their separate ways (bad idea when there's a killer on the loose) the pace is lethargic the kill scenes are unimaginative & to top it all off the twist ending is poor.<br /><br />Director Mas does alright the film looks OK for the most part although there are the odd occasions where he uses some annoying post production editing technique like slow motion or frame skipping. The gore levels aren't really up to scratch there's some blood splatter a guy with a hole in his chest a few dead bodies & someone impaled on some metal poles. Most of the kills happen off screen with the axe kill at the end a good example of the film not actually showing anything. Since the film is about a rock band there's quite a rock orientated soundtrack with some truly horrible horrible rock songs used on it. I am sorry rock fans but to my ears this crap is just noise pollution. It's not scary there's no real atmosphere & the lack of blood & gore is just inexcusable when the rest of the film is so bad.<br /><br />With a supposed budget of about $1000000 The Choke is well made with reasonable production values it looks cheap to be sure but not as cheap as many low budget horror films look. Shot in a place called Spokane in Washington apparently. The acting is one of the films strongest points as it's generally pretty good all round I mean no-one is going to win an Oscar but it ain't half bad.<br /><br />The Choke is a throughly routine Scream style teen slasher that has one of the weakest twist endings ever & a criminal lack of blood gore violence nudity & dead bodies. I mean if a slasher hasn't got any sex or gore then what's the point? Those are the only things that the average slasher is worth watching for right?
critique9023 Well finally got to see the remake last night in London unintentionally hilarious sexless and devoid of any real humour. I don't really know where to start whilst I was entertained by this strange homage it didn't really move me. The acting is screamingly hammy there is no original music the costumes are far too 'Disney' there is a ridiculous 'six months later' insert after the burning of Nic Cage (which didn't come soon enough for my liking) The bit with Cage in the bear suit had the audience suppressing mirth as did the comedy punching out of various 'baddies' on the island. It's such a weird remake that I cant quite believe I saw it it reminded me of something that The Comic Strip presents would have done in the eighties a bit like their Hollywood interpretation of the Miner's Strike very strange!
critique9024 I know I've already added a comment but I just wanted to clarify something...<br /><br />I'm not some old fogey from the Baby Boom generation that grew up glued to a flickering b/w picture of Phil Silvers Jackie Gleason etc.<br /><br />Bilko was already 20 years old before I was born but I had the pleasure of discovering Phil Silver's Bilko courtesy of BBC2. I wonder if I would have enjoyed Steve Martin's travesty if I hadn't seen or heard of Phil Silvers - I don't know - maybe I would have.<br /><br />Some of the other reviewers who think this movie is worthy of a '10' admit that they haven't seen the original. I can only urge you to spend 21 minutes of your life watching a single episode. If after watching the original Ernie Colonel Hall Ritzig & Emma Duane Doberman Henshaw Dino Flashman Zimmerman Mullin et al you still think that Steve Martin's film is woth anything above a '2' - I'll stand you a pint....
critique9025 The only redeeming scene in this movie is when the robots are sent out to fight 'karate style' there was one good spinning side-kick... and that is the best 3 seconds of the movie. Unfortunately the rest of the movie has very little to recommend it -- there are better spoofs out there.
critique9026 This is a movie about how men think women think about love. No woman describes a one-night sexual encounter and declares it a love story.<br /><br />Of the ten monologues I felt only three really had any kind of truth ring through them. I kept waiting for the film to get better and it did a bit but never better enough.<br /><br />This is an interesting concept and I kept wanting it to be good but it never succeeded. Maybe if they actually WERE love stories it would have worked.
critique9027 Bill (Buddy Rogers) is sent to New York by his uncle (Richard Tucker) to experience life before he inherits $25million. His uncle has paid 3 women Jacqui (Kathryn Crawford) Maxine (Josephine Dunn) and Pauline (Carole Lombard) to chaperone him and ensure that he does not fall foul of gold-diggers. One such lady Cleo (Geneva Mitchell) turns up on the scene to the disapprovement of the women. We follow the tale as the girls are offered more money to appear in a show instead of their escorting role that they have agreed to carry out for the 3 months that Bill is in New York while Bill meets with Cleo and another woman. At the end love is in the air for Bill and one other .............<br /><br />The picture quality and sound quality are poor in this film. The story is interspersed with musical numbers but the songs are bad and Kathryn Crawford has a terrible voice. Rogers isn't that good either. He's pleasant enough but only really comes to life when playing the drums or trombone. There is a very irritating character who plays a cab driver (Roscoe Karns) and the film is just dull.
critique9028 This movie was horrid and at the end made me wonder why someone went to the trouble to make it. Now it was not all bad I have studied film and this film was put together very nicely and had very good cinematic everything with interesting angles to very nice lighting and excellent camera work. I wish I could have seen it back in school because it would have made a good film to write a paper on. BUT........ Since I have graduated and lost most of my film pretentiousness I have realized that a film should be entertaining above all this movie was long and boring and I'm not sure when it finally got to the point that it was worth my time.<br /><br />
critique9029 If you like to comment on films where the script arrive halfway the movie then this is the one. A setting and acting as in a Porn movie but nothing is happening only some groping and touching of the third kind. Which actually becomes very boring after 45 minutes of touchy feely but no action. A few of the actors I've seen in real x rated movies and there their acting then was a lot better. All the special effects are done by the great "Rondo" Whom performs all the magic whit his mind. A cult movie is written on the box. Does that mean that this film is not to be watched at all???<br /><br />Get drunk with some friends and watch this movie on new years eve ore thanks giving.
critique9030 The movie "The Cave" has got to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. There was no plot no story-line and the lighting was terrible. For most of the movie I was unable to make sense of the scenery as it was being highlighted by flashlights. The persistent 'grey' spaces throughout the movie were irksome. The only scene that really came through clearly was in the cavern lit by what appeared to be a bad simulation of the conditions to be found in Hell. All in all the movie was not really worth watching. If the producers cannot come up with something better than this they should find another occupation. The underwater scenes were particularly awful being mostly made up of bubbles and flashlights with the occasional look at the actors. In summation a really awful movie with bad lighting extraneous flashes throughout.
critique9031 IÃ‚Â´m only joking. This was potentially the worst film I have ever had the misfortune to sit through. How anybody in the 1950Ã‚Â´s could have raised a laugh at this innane rubbish is beyond my comprehension. I jest not.
critique9032 Why does this piece of film have so many raving reviews? <br /><br />This is amateurish unfunny and annoying.<br /><br />The only memorable thing here is the corny title song. <br /><br />The production values are low and the "comedic" (if you want to call them that) ideas are weak they seem like leftovers of leftovers from SNL that even they would not dare to have put on the screen.<br /><br />I'm beginning to thoroughly mistrust IMDb ratings. <br /><br />This is light years away from Kentucky Fried Movie - not even in the same Galaxy.<br /><br />It's not even possible to write 10 lines about it.<br /><br />OK another good thing: ugly street scenes and ugly people - something one doesn't get to see a lot in todays TV and Movies.
critique9033 Julia Stiles is a talented young actress who with guidance from a reputable agent has a lot of potential. Obviously the person who guided her into this travesty is not someone who cares anything about her career. I sat in the theater surrounded by teenagers who left in droves to find another movie to sneak into wondering who thought this movie would appeal to anyone. It was poorly written the casting director could only have put 1 or 2 minutes of effort into the characters and the director obviously didn't care.
critique9034 The movie has several story lines that follow several different characters. The different story lines don't feel like one whole complete piece which makes this comedy a very incoherent one and gets even annoying to watch at times.<br /><br />It may sound weak and clichÃƒÂ© but it's true; You're way better of watching the Crocodile Hunter series on the Discovery channel with Steve and Terri Irwin. It's more fun and even more hilarious than this movie is. I'm sure both cast and crew had lots of fun making this movie but the movie doesn't give us the viewers much pleasure. For a comedy it simply isn't funny enough and Steve and Terri Irwin just aren't good actors not even when they play themselves! Their antics are simply not good enough to make an entire movie around and their scene's feel long distracting and unnecessary and even annoying at times.<br /><br />The movie had quite some potential I mean Steve Irwin is one character that in a strange way is both intriguing and hilarious to watch so when I first heard that they were making a movie about 'the crocodile hunter' my first reaction was; brilliant! The movie however heavily suffers from its weak story and the incoherent story lines with uninteresting and unfunny characters. The movie does has a certain entertainment value at least enough to make this movie watchable for at least once but still I must certainly wouldn't recommend this movie.<br /><br />Watching this movie felt like a waste of time. Still this movie might be watchable just once when it gets on TV on a rainy afternoon. It does has some good moments but the story lines really completely ruin the movie and its potential.<br /><br />4/10
critique9035 Horrendous! I'm a teenager and I don't mind teen movies but this is horrible! Aaron Carter plays this popstar named JD McQueen and to keep his grades up or something he works together with the 'nerd' Jane whateverherlastnameis. But the 'mean girls' are too predictable and such The clothing most of the girls wear in the movie isn't realistic. How would any of those girls get away with wearing no bra tube tops and shirts that expose the belly? IN HIGH SCHOOL? At my school we'd be sent home for something like that.<br /><br />And one part of the movie where JD texts Jane she says 'Sleep tight? He must think i'm an idiot! I didn't know texting was so stressful!' How is texting stressful? And how obsessed Jane is with JD and how he 'falls' in love with her is very stupid. The dialogue is cheesy and stupid the acting's terrible. the music is somewhat enjoyable and the plot is little to none.<br /><br />For tweeny-boppers who still love Aaron Carter you'll enjoy it. If you're a casual watcher like me this is NOT the movie for you
critique9036 Leave it to Paul "sex on the brain" Verhoeven to come up with a pointlessly sleazy and juvenile version of the INVISIBLE MAN story. If he'd direct a Pokemon film I'm sure he'd turn it into some massive orgy of sorts. I don't mind sex or even sleaze (check my other reviews) on film but frankly it's obvious the director has a one track mind and he couldn't see interesting aspects about an invisible man storyline than the kinky implications it comes with it. It's a shame because it could have been good if the film didn't spend so much time having an invisible Kevin Bacon grope women. <br /><br />The game cast of actors does what it can with the one-note cheesy script but I felt bad for some of them including William Devane who is totally wasted here.<br /><br />But then what could I have expected from the director of SHOWGIRLS which btw is much more entertaining than this stilted & bad film.
critique9037 With Knightly and O'Tool as the leads this film had good possibilities and with McCallum as the bad guy after Knightly maybe some tension. But they threw it all away on silly evening frill and then later on with maudlin war remnants. It was of course totally superficial beautiful English country and seaside or not.The number one mistake was dumping Knightly so early on in the film when she could easily have played someone a couple of years older instead of choosing someone ten years older to play the part. They missed all the chances to have great conflict among the cast and instead stupidly pulled at the easy and low-cost heartstring elements.
critique9038 This is not a horror film but a boring sex movie. A very bad movie to be avoided by any serious horror fan. No plot awful acting and annoying music. If you only watch the trailer you will know enough... It's a shame that such thing is available on VHS or video while there are so many good movies unavailable. If you like vampires try the Hammer Productions or the Italian Gothic from Mario Bava and Antonio Margheriti instead. Those are masterpieces if you compare this with this trash. Rating = even "1" is too much! And believe me I am not the only one with this opinion.
critique9039 I am a VERY big fan of Jenna Jameson but this movie is horrible. At the time Jenna Jameson was married to Brad Armstrong and he was the director of this film and Jenna was the hottest porn star ever. So of course Brad tried to make as much money as he could off her by making this big budget porn film. Now I know why they don't make big budget porn movies anymore. In a fantasy world porn stars could act but this is the real world and they can't act. That's why there porn stars if a women as beautiful as Jenna could act then she would have tried to go into mainstream movies instead of porn. Just because your beautiful doesn't make you a movie star. A fine example of this is Traci Lords when she was a teen thru her 20's she was one of the most beautiful sexy women on earth. She made her move into low budget mainstream films and couldn't act. Where is she now? I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 rating just because Jenna is so hot but there are better movies she has made then "Dream Quest". Come on Jenna we don't want to hear you talk as much as we want to see you have sex. Also you Jenna would have a lot more fans and more money in your bank account if you would have done anal on film.
critique9040 Okay. Look- I've seen LOTS and I do mean LOTS of these types of films. You know the ones where the DVD cover just look SO good and scaarrryyy that you just cant WAIT to see it? Well I got GOT again. And I'm getting' pretty tired of it. But I digress. It's pretty simple. It sucked(I know rather juvenile) but it did. AndI SO agree with the other poster that if we had to sit through the boring thing why oh WHY did the lead actress have to be so unnattractive?Distractingly so if I may add. And the scowl she used convey unresolved pain/grief over the death of her daughter did little help. I mean Jesus.. Oh but the crawling-on-her-back-demon thingee was pretty neat...
critique9041 Very odd this seems like a very average movie to me if not slightly less. It is brilliantly shot but together with the performance of R. Lee Ermey that's about the only redeeming aspect I found in the movie which consists of two separate parts. <br /><br />The first part covers the basic marine-training which watching it in 2007 comes off like something I've see a zillion times before in dozens of other movies and series and it's not particularly gripping. After 30 minutes I got the idea and wished they could just get on with it. The drill sergeant is about the only believable character while everyone else seem to be just cardboard cut-outs. The general acting is staggeringly haggard and the screenplay is devoid of anything interesting and consists of little more than the Sergeant shouting. The boys make it through their training and end up in Vietnam. Oh and the fat weirdo shoots the sergeant (what a surprise..) probably in the mistaken belief that it was actually the scriptwriter. <br /><br />So one hour passed and nothing worthy of note happened. Nothing...<br /><br />Then we have the Vietnam-part.<br /><br />It opens with a bunk-scene where reporters of Stars and Stripes are bored and are making small talk to pass the time. At first I thought they were re-enacting some movie scenes from old films it sounded pretty bad. But no they were actually muttering their script lines. Then the camp is besieged. Some 20 Vietcong enter the camp through the main gate. Too bad for them they are being dropped like flies because they simply walk into several manned gun posts with no means of cover. Is that normal behaviour? Were the Vietnamese all suicidal? If so how come the US didn't win this war during the first two months of engagement? The rest of the movie continues with even more completely illogical war scenes. <br /><br />Furthermore the whole plot is altogether pointless. None of the characters inspire much sympathy and the story is frankly rather uneventful. It shows little more other than some war-reporters hooking up with a platoon with some guys getting shot because they are disobedient morons and who also seem to think that somehow a gaping hole in a wall will protect you from bullets.<br /><br />What was the message of this movie..that people died in Vietnam? That people are animals in war situations? That if you want to dispose of really dumb people you send them to a war zone? Or that somehow in Vietnam concrete can actually burn? <br /><br />I'm sorry but if this movie deserves an 8.3 then Apocalypse Now deserves a 38.3<br /><br />5/10
critique9042 This is not a new film. It is a re-cut of 1994's "Emmanuelle Queen of the Galaxy" and it has been significantly truncated. Warning: Many characters appear in the credits that have been cut from the movie!<br /><br />If you want to see this one in its original form pick up "Queen" - avoid this one at all costs as the cuts make it even choppier than it was originally.
critique9043 This is the most elementary sort of traditional ghost story not even enlivened to any great extent by the use of Irish locations. If the great M.R. James had ever come up with a tale this thin -- doesn't James in fact have a story called "A Thin Ghost"? -- he wouldn't have bothered to have it published.<br /><br />Orson Welles appears in the limp endpieces as a favour to a brace of old friends this film's producers. His presence and the one movie industry in-joke would have earned this will-o'-the-wisp its Oscar nomination. This is yet more proof if any more were needed that the Academy Awards have never been any guarantee of merit.
critique9044 The English translation of the title on the DVD version of this film is "Graveyard of Horrors" but I think that must be an error. It should have been called "Graveyard of Horribles." Horrible acting horrible editing horrible story and horrible music all make this a horrible film best left in a horrible graveyard.<br /><br />Horrible.
critique9045 Rented 3 bad movies to watch with my friends in my dorm room.<br /><br />Leprechaun 4 Jack Frost and The Prey.<br /><br />I picked up Jack and Lep 4 because they are well known bad movies I have never seen.<br /><br />I picked this movie out because it matched the "How to find a bad movie" guide on badmovies.org No real description no pics of the movie on the back and I had never heard of it had to be a winner :)<br /><br />(SPOILERS but this movie is so awful it doesn't matter :P)<br /><br />This is a TRUE bad movie Lep 4 and Jack Frost are dumb on purpose this is dumb despite the best efforts of the cast and crew.<br /><br />This "movie" starts out much like Evil Dead even the actors look similar and have the same style of dress. Unlike Evil Dead it never gains any speed at all. For a "slasher" movie it is pretty bland in 80 minutes 6 people get killed but these are spread apart so far it becomes quickly boring.<br /><br />The director threw in a lot of boring shots on animals hunting obviously to go along with the whole "Prey" theme but they do nothing to advance the story and are quite boring. The gore is horrible. All these extra shots were to make up for lack of a script and story.<br /><br />The last 5 minutes of the movie are shot mostly in slow motion yet another way to add length to this. The "climax" is such a total joke its hard to laugh at it is so bad. The back of the box says "The ending will shock and haunt you." Yes it will it will shock you that someone could put such a bad "plot twist" on film and "haunt" you because you won't believe you paid to watch this crap.<br /><br />Also the tagline is "Its not human and it's got an axe!" One person is killed with an axe in the whole movie and it is off screen.<br /><br />A true 1 out of 10. I LOVE laughing at bad movies but this one is so bad that it even lacks campy qualities. No bad movie night is compete without a true character building flick :P
critique9046 Story starts slow and nothing funny happens for a while. All the action is in the end but you won't have to laugh because the movie is funny but because the story is pathetic.<br /><br />The funniest part is when Harvey 'I'm not Paranoia' Keitel really loses it and the judge starts a massacre. Oscars for this guy!
critique9047 For the first forty minutes or so Luna is a real pleasure to watch. The characters and their situation are interesting and the photography and locations are beautiful to look at. Then Jill Clayburgh discovers her son Matthew Barry is using heroin and the movie starts to unravel and then becomes outright laughable in its sickness.<br /><br />Clayburgh asks him why and when he started using the drug and she nor the audience ever get a straight answer which would be a bit helpful. He mentions not caring about anything but that's not right because we see clearly in the amazing early scenes that he has a good deal of interest in his mother's singing baseball sex and apparently cared enough to turn down marijuana. This movie is for people who think junior gets into hard drugs because mom and dad were workaholics who missed his piano recital. I think such a dangerous and emotionally volatile drug like heroin was chosen as some sort of intellectual catalyst for the later scenes of incest. There's a lot of discussion about the mother's love for the son but it's really about Bernardo Bertolucci being pretentious. Luna would have been great as a quaint little family drama.<br /><br />How old was Matthew Barry in this movie? I was more concerned over the bizarre things he had to do as an actor for this film than for anything his character was going through. ** out of ****
critique9048 Well on the endless quest for horror we will come across this film apparently re-released on DVD recently for some ungodly reason. The transfer is awful and the quality just sucks. I don't think this is due to a bad remaster or anything I just think the film is poorly done.<br /><br />Obviously filmed at an abandoned school with a budget that was no doubt wasted on cheap beer and no talent hacks "Slaughter High" starts out slow and doesn't pick up pace until about an hour in. First we get to see a 'nerd' as he is picked on by a group of...I actually don't even know what they were supposed to be...jocks? The ringleader with his ultra hooknose is so ugly he should have definitely been cast as the nerd. Then there is a 'big guy' and a couple of dumb losers and chicks who are supposed to be 'hot' but aren't. It's a mystery why this group of rejects is picking on one of their own but I guess the viewer is to assume these are 'cool kids' picking on a dweeb. The casting choices are horrendous as most of the high schoolers are played by thirty-somethings. As other reviewers on here have pointed out the actors (if you can call them that) are a bunch of Brits whose accents slip out numerous times throughout this piece of crap. We are left to assume that this group of 'children' were the only students at this school as their 'reunion' is only them at the school which is now shown to be abandoned is just them.<br /><br />The kills are lame the gore is not great and the script is like Scooby Doo with real people; lines like: 'This place gives me the creeps...' and 'Someone gimme a beer' are highlights...It's just not good. Skip this one unless you are getting wasted with some friends and wanna laugh at a real lame attempt at a slasher. If you wanna see good get Bava's "Bay Of Blood" done 14 years earlier and a heck of a lot better. If you wanna see a good BAD slasher see "Just Before Dawn" or "The Burning." 2 out of 10 kids.
critique9049 I am an avid movie watcher and I enjoy a wide variety of films. However I found NO enjoyment in this movie. It is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. I do not feel that it had much of a storyline the characters were not likable and the relationship between the characters was dysfunctional at best and the ending only made me dislike the movie more. It is definitely not in the same category as "The Cave" which was in my opinion the best cave movie ever made. Even "The Descent" was better than this movie.<br /><br />It was a waste of the $3.79 rental fee and of my time to watch this. Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this one.
critique9050 The Class is a comedy series that portrays a bunch of 27-year-old former class mates.<br /><br />I like the idea of the show. That's why it saddens me that The Class is not funny even though it has the obvious potential. It's not enough corky just dorky. (Haha.) This is due to a slowish tempo and the lack of actually hilarious punch lines. Also some actors have difficulties with timing.<br /><br />Most inventively written characters are the twins Kat and Lina Warbler (Lizzy Caplan and Heather Goldenhersh) but even they seem just a little too square for the good of the show. On the other hand the characters I find most uninteresting are the main character Ethan and the used-to-be- couple Duncan and Nicole.<br /><br />What bothers me with the series is that the only Latino character Aaron is being picked on for his accent (even though by a non-respectable character but anyway).
critique9051 What an appalling film. Don't get me wrong Gene Hackman and Denzel Washington are good actors but aside from a few interesting set pieces the film is mostly taken up with hysterical submariners shouting crying sweating and generally freaking out when anything goes wrong.<br /><br />Take that with simplistic asides to make sure the audience still understand what's going on (the scene where Denzel Washington explains to a radio repairman how he must be like Scotty in Star Trek is nothing more than a joke) and you have a dumbed down thriller not worthy of the acting.<br /><br />Let us just hope that the real nuclear US Navy is not in the hands of such a script!<br /><br />
critique9052 They had such potential for this movie and they completely fall flat. In the first Cruel Intentions we are left wondering what motivated the lead characters to become the way they are and act the way they do. There is almost NO character development whatsoever in this prequel. It's actually a very sad story but this film did nothing for me. It was as if they left out good writing in place of unneeded f-words. And the end makes absolutely no sense and doesn't explain anything. The writing was just terrible. Another thing that bothered me was that they used at lease 3 of the EXACT SAME lines that were in the original. Such as "down boy" or the kissing scene and a few others I can't remember. I was not impressed at all by Robin's acting but Amy did a great job. That's about the only thing that reconciled this movie.
critique9053 I was babysitting a family of three small children for a night and their mother gave me this to show for them having just grabbed it at Wal-Mart earlier in the week. All three children actually got physically ill while watching it. I'm pretty sure it was the pizza they ate or something they all had picked up from school but really it could have been this film. Absolutely disgusting. How any one can produce this caliber of trash is beyond me. Fortunately I turned off the film when I noticed the children were not responding and acting strangely. For any parents out there I strongly advise you to refrain from letting young children view this movie.
critique9054 American Graffiti is one of the best movies ever made. I've seen it at least 30 times and am emotionally affected by it each time I see it. (I graduated from high school in 1962.) <br /><br />However More American Graffiti is one of the worst movies ever made.<br /><br />It is hard to believe than anyone associated with the great original movie was involved with this terrible sequel. The part of the movie set in Vietnam was extremely inaccurate. (I served 18 months in Vietnam with the 101st Airborne Division.) <br /><br />The whole movie had nothing worthwhile in any part of it.<br /><br />If anyone ever wants to make a case against making sequels to great movies More American Graffiti would be the prime example of what can go wrong.
critique9055 Just because an event really happened doesn't mean that it will make a good screenplay/ movie. The Cat's Meow by Peter Bogdanovich claims to be based on actual events which happened on a cruise hosted by William Randolph Hurst. The writer paid more attention to creating a bizarre cast of characters than taking time to create a story for the bizarre characters to inhabit. The key moments of the story seem implausible; for example when Hurst accidentally shoots the producer believing him to be Chaplin. Basing a key element of a story on someone wearing the wrong hat is trite and contrived. The story attempts to be a dark comedy but The Cat's Meow misses an important piece of this equation comedy. There is also a lack of empathy for any of the characters. It hardly matters who is shot who is killed who is guilty and who is innocent. There is not a strong character to cheer for. As a result the conflicts are difficult to care about and the eventual outcome is incidental.
critique9056 Most college students find themselves lost in the bubble of academia cut off from the communities in which they study and live. Their conversations are held with their fellow students and the college faculty. Steven Greenstreet's documentary is a prime example of a disillusioned college student who judges the entire community based on limited contact with a small number of its members.<br /><br />The documentary focused on a small group of individuals who were portrayed as representing large groups of the population. As is usual the people who scream the most get the most media attention. Other than its misrepresentation of the community in which the film was set the documentary was well made. My only dispute is that the feelings and uproar depicted in the film were attributed to the entire community rather than the few individuals who expressed them.<br /><br />Naturally it is important to examine a controversy like this and make people aware of the differences that exist between political viewpoints but it is ridiculous to implicate an entire community of people in the actions of a few radicals.
critique9057 Although it's an R rated movie I really doubt that you'll really enjoy it unless you're a teenager<br /><br />Why? Because there's no real plot no character developmentno funny jokes. <br /><br />The only thing that this movie has plenty of is nudity. Tons and tons of naked or almost naked chicks (pretty nice ones I might add) to feast your eyes on.<br /><br />I really can't understand why this movie has the American Pie title since it's only a bad combination between an erotic movie and a comedy without succeeding in being either of them.<br /><br />My suggestion is to watch this movie only if you want to see some naked chicks but you're too shy to rent/buy an erotic movie. <br /><br />Gave it 1/10 for the 2 smiles i had in the entire movie and another 2/10 for the nice chicks
critique9058 I had noticed this movie had been on Cinemax a lot lately so this morning I decided to watch it. I had just finished the Infiltrator which is a great movie and I thought this looked good as well. From the description the cable had atleast. This film was awful. It's slow the pacing is horrible it feels as tho it lasts 4 hours. There's no real plot to speak of...agh! How can anyone say anything good about this movie. Rickman is good...but he always is...the other two characters work well but there's no real story to support any of it. After 2 hours and you sitting there wondering what on earth is going on where on earth is the plot- it ends with a surprise that frankly just made me sick. Don't bother with this one.
critique9059 This was a disappointment - none of the nuance of the original. The Brits just seem to be able to make a truly unsettling film with none of the over-the-top histrionics of the American version. The original series combined both creepy stories and subtlety of performance with great attention to lighting and settings. I have watched the series many times and am still enthralled.<br /><br />Just another poor adaptation along the lines of the dreadful adaptation of "Cracker". Get hooked up with BBC America or BBC Canada and watch for such delights as Waking the Dead Spooks Silent Witness and Judge John Deed. Watch the original Touching Evil then look for "Wire in the Blood" for more of the truly understated elegant performance of Robson Green. Hollywood needs to have a look at this actor!
critique9060 What a dreadful movie! For some reason scientific laboratories and outposts always have a staff of grubby dirty mean-spirited misanthropes living inside. These folks who presumably work together on complicated scientific projects cannot seem to agree on how to survive death at the hands of a CGI Dragon. Spoilers: An extra-nasty scientist whose main acting skill is "leering" and "the sinister stare" has cloned a Dragon. While the lab was supposed to work on this kind of thing the other scientists are shocked because apparently they were all way behind in their experiments and got caught with their pants down. The rest of the story is like THE THING or Ten Little Indians where the staff is hunted and killed off as they try to formulate a way to escape and/or defeat the "Dragon." The CGI Dragon creature is dark gray which seems to be the popular color for most of the cheap CGI special effects. It hardly looks better than a cartoon and the dark gray tones make it difficult to see any interesting details in the body of the Dragon. All it looks like is a gray blob. The acting is less than horrible. These scientists act like a bunch of children who cannot agree on anything and this makes it easier for the Dragon to kill them off in various attempts to escape hide etc. Dean Cain is hardly better than any of the cast of unknown actors in this movie. He seems to sink to the level of his supporting cast. This movie is really really atrocious. The acting is bad. The story is dumb. The CGI is very very cheap and amateurish. There is nothing commendable about this movie it is not even a good time-killer to glance at while doing chores or other work.
critique9061 This is a fair little show about the paranormal although it feels as if Art Bell and his ilk figured out how to carve a career out of the attitude that Carl Kolchak exemplified. Of course there probably wouldn't be an X-Files if this show hadn't prepped this audience for it so well. Darren McGavin is not exactly the super-heroic type but he is a plausible(enough) guy to deliver heroic deeds. Check out his work on some of those old Alfred Hitchcock Presents. Here he is the main attraction there doesn't seem to be a girlfriend or wife who's a distraction. In fact there isn't a whole lot of sex appeal to the show. Something I'm noticing as well is that the pacing isn't really suspenseful in a typical way. There's a lot of throwaway humor to this show. Sometimes its just pokey to get to the climax. There's a thread from this show coming all the way up to the present MAD MEN show in terms of style. Not that David Chase writes Mad Men but the people that worked under him on The Sopranos definitely have emulated and inherited his serio-comic tone.
critique9062 The DVD version released by Crash Cinema was very poorly done. The mastering engineer must have been either drunk asleep or not even in the room while it was being done. It looks like it was mastered from about a tenth generation copy and about halfway through the film the audio synchronization disappears. The dialog is about 10 or 15 seconds behind the audio. If you're thinking about purchasing this DVD please save your money. I remember seeing this film at the theater back in 1973. Also the VHS copy of this film under the title of "When Taekwondo Strikes" looks better than the DVD but the remaining several minutes of the movie are "missing". Where is the original camera negative?
critique9063 I didn't like this movie for many reasons - VERY BORING! It was interesting how they thought what the future would look like in this but seriously I was very bored watching this. There was hardly any action. Although the Classical orchestra soundtrack was very nice. The visuals were very creative. Whenever this movie pops on TV I feel like changing the station instantly. Not because it is a bad movie just because I know what I am in for when watching this - complete and total boredom. It is a movie I saw when I was young but I never got into the science fiction thing... because it simply wasn't real. Just like this movie - very unrealistic. I never understood half the movie anyway.
critique9064 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9065 In 2004 I liked it. Then it became very stupid. It suggests that kids are brainless. It insults children. Cartoon Network used to be great. One of the shows I liked was Hamtaro. It did manage to be interesting and imaginative in its approach to children programming. The show (Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends) is like putting 20 spoons of sugar in your Sprite. It seems as if today's television producers are only interested in making money rather than engaging the imaginations of children and making money! Lately my children are tuning in to the old shows (60's) to find something interesting to watch. Perhaps in the absence of originality for television to look to its past and recycle children's programing from days gone by.
critique9066 For a movie I was really looking forward to I was very disappointed. I had no expectations of this being another Amadeus but did expect a more significant portrayal of Beethovens last years.<br /><br />The performance by Ed Harris was superb but the story line was so weak that the film simply moved from one dreary scene to the next with no continuity.<br /><br />The only enjoyable part of the film for me was the performance of the 9th and from that point on I could quite happily have walked out without finishing.<br /><br />I left feeling very dissatisfied and still have the feeling that something important was missed.
critique9067 This film is truly pathetic in every conceivable department. awful awful awful. It's only around eighty minutes long but believe me you'll feel like you're watching an Andy Warhol film (then again twenty hours in the life of the empire state building would surely be far more interesting).<br /><br />Where to start... the putrid script the disgusting cinematography the so bad its bad acting the spectacularly dismal effects dreadful music or just the wafer thin plot that thouroughly resembles a sieve. This film is an incoherent shambles<br /><br />A particularly noteworthy scene takes place outside a cafe when Dominic Pinon decides to shoot a cat cue the waitress watching through the cafe window who comments with an average English accent "God damn". To right that woman. God damn this horrendous monstrosity.<br /><br />Everyone involved should be thouroughly ashamed of themselves. Let us hope that the director never finds the funding to work again.
critique9068 Liongate has yet to prove itself. Every single movie from lionsgate has been abysmal. i've tried and tried to give them more opportunities and they just keep slapping me over and over again. And Cabin Fever is definitely no exception.<br /><br />I couldn't even pay attention to most of this movie it was so frustrating and bad.<br /><br />here's the plot. Guy cuts up dead dog for some reason. Gets infected by random virus transfers it to kids at a camp kids start to get infected and die town finds out about it and rather than help them kills them. then the water is infected and everyone dies. the end.<br /><br />Seriously that's the whole movie.<br /><br />all the characters are completely retarded you don't care for any of them and the one kid should have stuck with boy meets world. Me and my friend found that talking about how fat and bitchy our one classmate was to be far more enjoyable than paying attention to this movie. We did manage to make it all the way to the end while screaming bulls$@t because this film will make you do that.<br /><br />and i'm still confused by the random slow motion karate moves of the one random kid and how apparently everybody out in the country is completely retarded and hickish. And again why did this dog attack the girl? why did the kid the hicks were trying to kill sit in a chair waiting for them to kill him? that was part of the two of their's plan? wow. best plan ever. i cannot believe this movie got a theatrical release. i could barely stomach the DVD let alone have to sit in a theater not moving for an hour and a half. It wasn't scary or funny or cool or anything. it's just a waste of 90 minutes that you could be using to...i don't know plant a tree or something. it's more productive than this piece of garbage. The acting special effects and script are a joke. don't ever pick this up.<br /><br />Cabin fever gets one nasty leg shaving scene out of 10
critique9069 this movie was horrible. I could barely stay awake through it. I would never see this movie again if I were payed to. The so-called horror scenes in it were increadably predictable and over played. There was really nothing about this movie that would have made it original or worth the $7.50 I payed to see it. Don't go see it don't rent it don't read about it online because any of these things would be a complete waste of your time. Sarah Michelle Geller gave a lackluster performance and really should be ashamed of herself for sullying her good name with this movie. Shame on you Sarah for being associated with this horrible horrible movie. Horrible movie no need to ever see it.
critique9070 At the name of Pinter every knee shall bow - especially after his Nobel Literature Prize acceptance speech which did little more than regurgitate canned by-the-numbers sixth-form anti-Americanism. But this is even worse; not only is it a tour-de-force of talentlessness a superb example of how to get away with coasting on your decades-old reputation but it also represents the butchery of a superb piece. The original Sleuth was a masterpiece of its kind. Yes it was a theatrical confection and it is easy to see how it's central plot device would work better on the stage than the screen but it still worked terrifically well. This is a Michael Caine vanity piece but let's face it Caine is no Olivier. Not only can he not fill Larry's shoes he couldn't even fill his bathroom slippers. The appropriately-named Caine is after all a distinctly average actor whose only real recommendation like so many British actors is their longevity in the business. He was a good Harry Palmer excellent in Get Carter but that's yer lot mate! Give this a very wide berth and stick to the superb original. This is more of a half-pinter.
critique9071 Wow! i think they made this movie to torture people. there are no words for how much i hated this film. I could have been cleaning my room instead. i love bad melodrama as much as the next person but....come on!
critique9072 A film written and directed by Neil Young "Greendale" is little more than an 87-minute music video set to a doxen or so of the songwriter's works. In lieu of dialogue the film relies exclusively on Young's lyrics which are heavily laced with sociopolitical commentary to tell the "story" while actors act out the scenes.<br /><br />Given the hammy performances and the shoddy graininess of the picture the effect is the equivalent of Young blowing up some of his own home movies and releasing them for public consumption. Although there is allegedly a "story" running through the film we really have no idea what is going on thanks mainly to the unpolished look of the film the lack of dialogue and the amateurish ineptitude of the acting. All we get for eighty-seven minutes is a bunch of aging hippies cavorting silently through an incoherent narrative while Young's songs play endlessly on the soundtrack. The whole thing turns into a tedious exercise in self-indulgence. "Greendale" gives off-Hollywood low budget movie-making a bad name.
critique9073 As powerful as the true story of Phoolan is this book this film is based on came out before she herself was released from Prison and had the chance to tell it. <br /><br />It is allegedly based on her diaries but she is illiterate. How does that work? <br /><br />That said some areas of he film are accurate and the acting isn't bad with some sensitivity being shown. <br /><br />Really though this story needs to be old in a TV series. Far to much happens to cram into a couple of hours. <br /><br />Read her autobiography. Highly recommended. It is a fantastic story.
critique9074 This is said to be a personal film for Peter Bogdonavitch. He based it on his life but changed things around to fit the characters who are detectives. These detectives date beautiful models and have no problem getting them. Sounds more like a millionaire playboy filmmaker than a detective doesn't it? This entire movie was written by Peter and it shows how out of touch with real people he was. You're supposed to write what you know and he did that indeed. And leaves the audience bored and confused and jealous for that matter. This is a curio for people who want to see Dorothy Stratten who was murdered right after filming. But Patti Hanson who would in real life marry Keith Richards was also a model like Stratten but is a lot better and has a more ample part. In fact Stratten's part seemed forced; added. She doesn't have a lot to do with the story which is pretty convoluted to begin with. All in all every character in this film is somebody that very few people can relate with unless you're millionaire from Manhattan with beautiful supermodels at your beckon call. For the rest of us it's an irritating snore fest. That's what happens when you're out of touch. You entertain your few friends with inside jokes and bore all the rest.
critique9075 Picture the scene where a bunch of scriptwriters sit around a table and one says "lets have a black woman approach an unsuspecting member of the public (also black) in the street and ask him if he is black then walk away". The other writers fall about laughing hysterically until one suggests they repeat it in every episode. More laughter. Now if you think the premise is funny and the show contains many such types of situation you will enjoy this show. For the rest use your zapper and find something more entertaining like watching paint dry. Those that have written glowing reports of this show should either get out more or be forced to watch television comedies that are really funny. Another example of the humor in the show a girl tries to get out of paying at a supermarket checkout by trying to hypnotise the cashier. Marginally funny the first time but why repeat it over and over in different shows with different cashiers? I could give other examples but these just might be treated as spoilers divulging why this comedy just is not funny at all.
critique9076 I recently rented this film on DVD and thought it would be an interesting choice seeing as I am both from the north of England (Bradford) and also interested in film-making. However it soon became apparent that this film seemed to lack a decent level of development script-wise. The characters were weak and often stereotyped and the story lacked substance. The subject matter could be an interesting basis for a film. However the delivery of this appeared naive and unfocused. <br /><br />The ending felt as though it was casting judgement on the characters - punishing and rewarding where the filmmakers felt necessary. This felt a little awkward and silly and seemed at odds with the 'realism' used in the style of shooting. For me the film dealt with the characters and subject matter in a rather heavy handed and clumsy manner. It felt as though the writer had already decided how he wanted to end the story and set about crow-barring everything else in to fit it.<br /><br />Another point that I feel strongly about is the watered-down Ken Loach feel the film had. I get quite upset that UK film financiers can't see that there is more to British films than 'gritty realism'. It has become almost a safe option. Film is an infinitely wonderful playground for imaginative ideas and it is not being exploited by UK feature film producers. There is a lot of talent here in the UK. It's unfortunate that most of these individuals end up either making music videos and commercials 100% of the time or they go to America. <br /><br />Love + Hate would have worked better if it had been cut down to 30 or 60 minutes and appeared as a one-off TV drama.
critique9077 This movie is probably the worst I have seen. Bad acting bad script bad everything. Comparing it to mainly two other movies in the same genre and from approximately the same time is interesting. Both Cyborg (Van Damme 1989) and Nemesis (Olivier Gruner 1993) are much better and seems more robust in both story and directing and still it's Albert Pyun who has directed these two as well!<br /><br />The story is not original. The world has become a terrible place possibly due to an environmental disaster or a nuclear war and people live under medieval circumstances. A special breed of robots (cyborgs) live on human blood and there's the story... The cyborgs need to get a lot of humans to fulfill there "prophecy" and the humans need someone to stop them. One girl together with a robot (Kris Kristofferson) built by the creator of the cyborgs has been appointed by destiny to save mankind.<br /><br />In this movie the director tries some Hong-Kong stylish fighting scenes with the participants flying high and leaping far. The movie fails miserably in this attempt.<br /><br />I recommend this film with the only reason that most people will get a new "worst ever" movie to relate to. And to fans of the genre I recommend "Cyborg" since I think it's a very underestimated movie with quite a high entertaining factor. And if you can't stand Van Damme then check out "Nemesis".<br /><br />I rated this movie 1/10.
critique9078 The best thing about Shrieker is the dialogue. Like Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer this movie is cognizant of the conventions of this type of horror movie and manages to come up with a few good lines and scenes that play on those conventions. Unfortunately Shrieker is just boring. The plot is your basic Ten Little Indians whodunnit with a monster controlled by one of the suspects/victims. You know from the beginning that each of the characters will get bumped off until only the hero(ine) is left to defeat the evil. And this is exactly what happens. Absolutely no surprises and no tension. Production values and acting were ok but I had no motivation to watch to the end (although I did) because I already knew how the end scene would play out. The ending did surprise me a bit because it managed to fizzle out literally instead of throwing out a bucket of special effects. Maybe the special effects budget had been spent up by the end.
critique9079 Now look I won't lie to you but I only got this movie for $3.99 from a friend because it had Danni Filth the lead singer of the ever popular death metal band "Cradle Of Filth" in it. I expected of course violence and gore at its finest as that is what Mr Filth can be portrayed as amongst a plot line.<br /><br />But dear god I was oh so wrong. This movie seriously bites big time. Being a low budget film (haha wait make that ZERO BUDGET) this obviously lacks the beautiful Howard Stern orchestra musical scores and the Spielberg special effects. Nope it's all one camera bad angles and bad blood scenes.<br /><br />Take for example when our star and violent fiend Mr Filth violently kills a mugger. A grab at the throat and blood spits out but oh my it looks like there's a juice packet filled with fake blood in the man's shirt.<br /><br />To you Cradle Of Filth fans: You'll hear two songs throughout the movie but with the camera angles and shoddy filming they drag the overall pleasure of the song DOWN.<br /><br />My final comment: Steer well away from it. It's blood gore breasts and hey even a shoddy story to go with it. So if you like appalling violence near no voices (yes there's hardly any words in this movie) then by all means buy it. But if shoddy movies isn't your thing then avoid it. Don't waste your money.
critique9080 As a young black/latina woman I am always searching for movies that represent the experiences and lives of people like me. Of course when I saw this movie at the video store I thought I would enjoy it; unfortunately I didn't. Although the topics presented in the film are interesting and relevant the story was simply not properly developed. The movie just kept dragging on and on and many of the characters that appear on screen just come and go without much to contribute to the overall film. Had the director done a better job interconnecting the scenes perhaps I would have enjoyed it a bit more. Honestly I would recommend a film like "Raising Victor" over this one any day. I just was not too impressed.
critique9081 Was unlucky enough to see this while travelling by coach across Africa. It was far and away the worst film I have ever come across. Deserves to be the #1 all-time worst ;-) No acting no plot very little speaking. Lots of ape-like grunting though in this hopelessly unlikely film. An unwitting self-satire - you'll either laugh at it or cry.
critique9082 By now you should already know about this film the Jessica Simpson "bomb" that pretty much went straight to video (limited anemic theatrical run). Basically Ms. Simpson's Katie travels from a small town in Oklahoma to visit her boyfriend to surprise him only to find him in bed with another woman. She is stranded but has one friend (Rachel Leigh Cook whom I wish we saw more often in film) who lets her stay. Katie ends up getting a job via two conniving co-workers (Penelope Ann Miller and the always amusing Andy Dick) who are just using Katie to get the president of the firm (Larry Miller) ousted. This is strictly a b movie its not meant to be profound. Jessica Simpson is not a great actress by any means but she is pretty much beautiful and never truly annoying. The film is watchable in that its not an abomination but its throwaway fluff. In a cameo Penny Marshall is funny (a subtle in-joke about Milwaukee made me chuckle) and there is a funny scene involving Norwegian priests (don't read too much into this). So not horrible but easy to skip. Your safe bet is to watch it on television if it ever does. Again not good but not a profound disaster.
critique9083 Even MST3K couldn't make this painful long and ultimately mind-bending drek funny or entertaining. While most bad movies in and of themselves are hilariously bad this one is one of those few videos that uses the word bad in its literal sense.<br /><br />The element that makes this so PAINFUL to watch is not the lack of story but the fact that SOOOO much background is crammed into the first half-hour that it is utterly ridiculous and harder to follow than a highway while driving with no headlights.<br /><br />The hero of the film Ator is no more than eye-candy for this literal energy-sucker of a film. Dressed in a loin-cloth and sporting "pecs like melons" as Joel put it he belongs more in a fitness magazine than here.<br /><br />I would recommend this ONLY to die-hard and I mean die-hard followers of cheese. If you have an enemy recommend them this film. If you make it through this I commend you. You should be able to make it through anything.
critique9084 Wendy Wu: Homecoming Warrior has a very good strong plot but is ruined by cheesy details throughout the movie. I am a younger teenager and didn't enjoy this movie very much. I thought the effects were horrible but they might seem entertaining to younger children. The matrix moves ruined the action you know that it was absolutely fake. Then there was the Yen Lo an evil spirit who temporarily possesses random people and homecoming in which Wendy was striving to win. It all ends like a typical feel good movie when Wendy and her Buddhist monk cousin Shen defeat Yen Lo (and destroy him forever) in the end. So Wendy learns a lesson...blah blah blah. I'm ready for the next DCOM.
critique9085 Max Cash a charter boat captain who works off the Caribbean island San Sebastian is hired by Sarah who's looking for legendary boat El Diablo and its stolen treasure that sunk out in the reef in the 17th century. But something seems to be protecting the whereabouts of the ship as people who knew anything about it are being killed.<br /><br />I have to agree with those that were under the impression that this was going to be a horror feature. Instead what we ended up with was a low-rent b-grade late 80s take on 1977 deep-sea adventure film 'The Deep' but with a baffling supernatural origin and an injection of mystery. The story is a tame muddle (so many inconsistent angles don't make a lick of sense and encourages a blotchy pace) and the technical side is clunky. Nice exotic location and under-water photography though. While the carefree performances weren't too bad either. A gruff Wayne Crawford is enjoyably witty and June Chadwick is fair along side him. Sheri Able is pretty much eye candy. There are some bizarre developments that amuse and one or two eerie sequences. However there's a real lack of cohesion. Most of the cutaway deaths happen off-screen except for the bloody fitful opening kills done by something unseen. Again just another thing that leaves you high and dry. The music is generic with its thumping cues to warn us of approaching danger and the POV shots get a good working out. Tatty but watchable.
critique9086 I didn't like this Bill Murray vehicle when it was originally released in the 80s so I tried watching it again to see if my distaste for this film was down to my movie-going tastes in the 80s or was it that "Stripes" is simply a bad movie. Well the verdict is in and "Stripes" is a bad movie.<br /><br />Now "Stripes" may have been innovative comedy in the early 80s and it may appeal to people who have gone through basic training or who are Bill Murray fans but its still a bad movie.<br /><br />Why is it bad? Mostly because "Stripes" is supposed to be a comedy but it's just not that funny. There are some laughs but they are few and far between. Most of the movie is consumed by the dramatic plot which is incredibly convoluted and not very interesting. This lack of comedy is especially noticeable if you're used to more contemporary comedies such as "Anchorman" which strive for laughs in every part of the movie.<br /><br />"Stripes" further suffers from Bill Murray and Harold Ramis's lack of acting ability. Bill Murray is a great comedian but he was not a very compelling dramatic actor at this point in his career and Harold Ramis is playing Harold Ramis. These two are just not good enough as actors to carry the dramatic arch of the movie.<br /><br />Lastly most of the comedy that there is in "Stripes" revolves around Bill Murray's self-centered smart-alec man-child character so if you don't find that character funny (like I didn't) you're not going to find most of what little comedy there is in "Stripes" funny either.<br /><br />"Stripes" is very much a movie of its era it hasn't aged well and is not worth watching. If you want to watch an early 80's "buddy" comedy I would recommend "Stir Crazy." Like "Stripes" the humor in "Stir Crazy" is not as fast-paced as in contemporary comedies but unlike "Stripes" it has aged much better and as a result is still watchable.
critique9087 I gave this more than a 1 because I did think there were some moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and I. The acting and the dialogue were mediocre and I must confess I came out feeling like I had been beaten over the head with the God this  God that and Christ is our saviour stuff. The movie and the story line did not need it. If  as I am  you are a recovering Catholic or Christian avoid this one it will make you nauseous. The movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been.
critique9088 This movie has some of the worst acting that I have ever seen! Some scenes are original such as the nails coming through the floor. This nail trap catches these bad guys. The rest of the movie degrades as you go. I can't believe that this movie is not even in the bottom 100 movies of all time. I also can't believe that there are sequels! The next crap movie that I want to watch is R.O.T.O.R. Could R.O.T.O.R really be much worse than this?<br /><br />
critique9089 A ridiculous comedy given an arms-flailing direction. I love one of the comments here: "Couldn't be made today". Well neither could "The Philadelphia Story" without a car chase or two. Nonetheless does that mean the picture is worse for the wear for being old-fashioned? I don't think "Susan Slept Here" was good for any generation and it should fester peacefully in the memories of Debbie Reynolds-buffs. There is no sparkle in this story of a screenwriter who latches onto a much-younger girl for 'script research'. Dick Powell makes his farewell screen appearance in what must have been an embarrassment to him. Reynolds is pallid. Produced by one Harriet Parsons--who gives her famous mother Louella a number of inane plugs. *1/2 from ****
critique9090 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9091 Let's get things straight. I was raised Catholic and in a very religious family and spent as much time at church and talking to priests as at home. That was useful for two things: to make a convinced Atheist out of me and to give me deep insightful knowledge about the Church and its dogmas. And I say: if a Catholic priest witnesses a murder and clearly sees the face of the killer he CAN report it to the police even if the murderer has confessed to him afterwards. He can not reveal what he's told in confession but he CAN talk about anything he sees outside that and confession is useless to keep his mouth shut. So here we have a movie entirely sustained on a lie. And another lie is there's no absolution for murder. According to the Catholic Church there's absolution for any sin as long as there's sincere repentance. So far the biggest plot holes in this weak thriller.<br /><br />As people frequently say this movie would have improved if Bob Hoskins and Alan Bates had switched roles. Hoskins is naturally suitable to play gangsters (I will never lament enough that he lost Al Capone in favor of one of De Niro's weakest performances in "The Untouchables") and Bates' features would have been perfect as the priest with a gray past. But above that I think the film would have been much better had real-life Ulster native Liam Neeson (back then mostly unknown to big audiences) played Mickey Rourke's part. Not only his face is perfect to play tormented characters but he'd make us believe the character as real something Rourke just can't. Back in the 80s Rourke was not a bad actor (afterwards he seemed to lose his talent along with his looks) but he was one of those performers like Brad Dourif who's as good as the director he works with. And as a former IRA terrorist Rourke's acting comes across more like a pimp. Sad to think that had this movie been made just some three to six years later (when Neeson achieved moderate celebrity status in 1990 with Sam Raimi's enjoyable "Darkman" and superstardom in 1993 with "Schindler's List" while Rourke became pretty much of a forgotten has-been) Liam and Mickey could have switched parts to greater benefit (Rourke would have been effective in the supporting role of Docherty but just can't carry this movie along as the lead). Yet another missed opportunity and yet another film with the potential of being a classic that became instantly forgettable fare.<br /><br />Ironically enough the often criticized score (by underrated composer Bill Conti) worked for me. I didn't find it overly-melodramatic but suitably gritty and beautiful. It reminded me of Howard Shore's score for "The Silence of the Lambs". Here's to Mike Hodges' talent who made "Get Carter" yes but don't forget he's the mastermind behind "Flash Gordon" as well...<br /><br />It seems the film was massacred in the cutting room (it shows as some parts are really choppy and confusing and others just don't glue) and a Director's Cut is waiting to see the light. OK but I seriously doubt that will make it a great movie as we'll still have the bad casting and the false premise there. 4/10.
critique9092 I'm a fan of Columbo especially on a rainy Saturday and it was fun to see Oskar Werner after Fahrenheit 451 but this episode was very lacking. The original plot and plot twists were obvious and could be guessed way in advance even years before the modern detective shows of today. But it was amusing to see the crazy couch patterns and "modern" electronics equipment and of course the mandatory suburbanite humor poking fun at modern art for sale. The high-tech home is a Jetson's or Disney version of Tomorrowland and fun to think of writers inventing those "way-out gizmos".<br /><br />If its sunny outside go play as there are much better Columbo episodes. Still we should be thankful for Cable TV that these episodes are being broadcast.
critique9093 The opening of MORTE A VENEZIA resembles a Duran Duran music video with classical music and this is the highlight of the movie <br /><br />" In terms of what Theo ? " <br /><br />In terms of everything  but especially excitement . I doubt if there's ever been a more sluggish slower moving movie than this one . Yeah okay it's a European art house movie so I wasn't expecting Charles Bronson to massacre hordes of bad guys but even so I did expect some substance if not an actual plot <br /><br />The film revolves around Professor Gustav Von Aschenbach visiting Venice . Gustav visits Venice and goes on a gondola  Gustav eats in an expensive restaurant  Gustav looks out of his hotel window and if it's excitement you want Gustav has a flashback <br /><br />Bad enough if this was the entire movie but it gets worse because Gustav notices a pretty boy teenager . So you've got a middle aged academic lusting after some teenage boy he has seen  some old queen is becoming obsessed with a stranger . Great idea for a movie ? I don't think so either and thank gawd it remained a yawn fest instead of some sleazy precursor to gay porn <br /><br />I notice a lot of people who praise this movie have tried to intellectualise it . I can only be monosyllabic and unpretentious in my view and say that the only subtext I could relate to was the physical and emotional disintegration of Gustav but it wasn't caused by the effete beauty of the teenage boy - It was caused by watching such a boring and ostentatious movie
critique9094 This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a while. The acting was just soooo bad. Anthonie Kamerling is usually a fairly good actor but in this film he sounded like he was reading his text from a piece of paper. Especially his voice over was extremely wooden. Beau van Erven Dorens was completely over the top as frat boy Fraser although this probably had more to do with the crappy dialogue. 'Ik ook van jou' is an adaptation of a book and it seem like the makers of the film forgot that film dialogue follows different rules than literary dialogue. It all sounded way to bookish.<br /><br />Some of the situations were very badly visualized. Example: somewhere at the beginning of the film there is a scene where a canoe goes over in a rapid. This bit is just too incredible to be true. You see an obviously rather shallow bit of river with a lot of rocks right beneath the surface (hence the rapid). We hear some suspenseful music to warn us that there's danger ahead. A canoe with to girls goes over in that rather shallow rapid. Our hero then dives several meters below the surface to rescue one of the girl. Girl swoons in his arms and utters the words 'You saved me...' Vomit!<br /><br />It actually was so bad that it became funny. This is sad because it really wasn't intended. At the intermission I overheard some guy behind me say 'O god there's another part!' My feelings exactly. What scares me is that the end credits of 'Ik ook van jou' were in English. Does this mean that it will be released abroad? Just when the Netherlands were starting to get a good reputation after films like 'Antonia' (Antonia's line) and 'Karakter' (Character)...
critique9095 let me first say i watched this movie around midnight and usually there only is trash around this hour but this movie broke the record<br /><br />first of all the main character is an old non attractive creepy guy yet he gets to f*ck all girls that come on his path for example he goes to a shop talks to a girl and then you see them f*ck<br /><br />secondly there are loads of sex scenes and in many of them there is no nudity at all i would not have been surprised if one of the characters in the movie would say: fast put your clothes on so we can f*ck!<br /><br />thirdly this movie should show what a sexual addiction can do to a man or a family this movie only shows soft bad acted erotica it makes me wonder why those actors agreed to play in such trash
critique9096 Very low-budget police procedural film about homicide detectives trying to solve the murder of a woman whose body turns up in a stolen car in Central Park and their only clue is a tattoo on her arm. Although released by RKO this has the look of an independent production that was picked up by the studio for distribution. The cast and crew with a few exceptions--among them a young and uncredited Jack Lord director Edward Montagne and cameraman William Steiner--are comprised of complete unknowns and it shows. The performances are universally sub-par and wouldn't pass muster in a high school training film the direction is stodgy and choppy and as mentioned previously there's no chemistry whatsoever between the lead actors. However despite the film's many shortcomings it does have a few good points. The location shooting in New York City and the film's ultra-low budget gives it a gritty authenticity much like that of the far superior "The Naked City" a shootout in a dark basement is decently handled and some of the investigating procedures are clever. Otherwise it's not much to write home about. It is worth a look however for a glimpse at the seamier sections of New York City in the early 1950s and old-car buffs will be ecstatic to see the legions of '30s and '40s cars in the streets.<br /><br />.
critique9097 Very dull show. Whats worse its very racist. The white guys are dumb idiots and the only romance is between a black guy and a white woman. There is nothing interesting about this romance it is not exciting it is not fun they don't even seem to care for each other at all its more like the writers and directors wanted an interracial thing going on. Why this is so popular in media today? It is social programming and will lead to no good there is always tension when too many people want the same thing. This show is not worth the 20 bucks for the season its a waste of time and harmful to society. At least when they use TV shows to sell products they are more discreet selling whatever agenda here is quite obvious and without clear thinking some may feel wrong to oppose it but some of us know better.
critique9098 This film could cure sleep disorders thats how bad it is. The story dragged and the bad guy is not that scary. You will not even see this one on TBS reruns. This film made me wonder about Chuck film choices. He work on a real dog with this one.
critique9099 OK let's see... a handsome young stranger is new in town and walks around on the local boardwalk. He meets a pretty girl meets up with the obnoxious leader of the local hip young vampires club is dared by them to follow them into this cave gets into a conflict over the pretty girl an epic fight ensues...<br /><br />No it's not Lost Boys although you'd be hard-pressed to tell the difference since I think even some of the carnival music is the same. (Do you have to pay royalties for sampling a movie?) Even the ending of this stinkbomb is ripped off from Lost Boys. The make-up is below par even for a low-budget thriller the characters are one-dimensional and just exactly how many "Oh I had this horrible experience" scenes of teen angst does one movie need? The humor is flat and stupid and everything else is sadly predictable. Yawn.<br /><br />The only scary thing about this turkey is the promise (threat) of a sequel an idea that hopefully every distributor in the country will drive a stake through.
critique9100 For those of us that lived thru those weeks of filming in town and around the Valley - lest we not forget the tedious days of road closures and "film-making". As a reminder to those that live here - locales include Boulder Creek Bonny Doon Davenport Big Basin. etc. The bank was the BC firehouse; chase scenes included Moon Drive off Hwy 236 Empire Grade Rd and Hwy 1.<br /><br />Production: Jeffrey Jones was the most approachable Matt Broderick was above us all - even back then. As far as the film goes - a joke of a script and even a bigger laugh regarding acting and plot - but who cares at this level. A nice time capsule for those that enjoy our coast and valley scenery.<br /><br />Additional notes; Joe's Bar (Jed's Tavern in the film) original name of the film was Welcome to Buzzsaw - the Old Erba's parking lot was the town square the backyard shots were off of Grove Street in Boulder Creek; turn off the thinking cap and see a few actors in their early days.
critique9101 This movie was one of the worst I've ever seen it did not left out a single clichee one could imagine about a Hollywood-so-called-Thriller. The protagonist is a loving father & a private investigator who is engaged in a special task: finding out if a suspected "snuff" movie is real.<br /><br />Certainly he get's involved deeper & deeper smeary pornoshops (run by mexicans) & sex theatres are his field of investigation as he's searching for the murderers of the woman in the "snuff" movie. Assisted by a "smart" (he read a book) sexshop employee he's catching up with a murderous bondage-film producer and his personal perverts who are responsible for the film... ...and what do you expect? They are portrayed as the simple evil no need for explanations backgrounds history: they are the bad ones and he's the purifier. Boom. Killer of the killers. End of film. Is it that bad? Yes I'm afraid so.<br /><br />Ironically "machine" (the mega-pervert who did the killing) is even pointing at his ridiculous character: In the last scene our hero forces "machine" to put off his leather mask (yep of course he's wearing one) and recognizes that "machine" looks just like the normal 08/15 guy from the street. Then "machine" says: "blablabla I'm not a monster my parents never abused me I had a nice childhood I just love to do what I do!"<br /><br />I just love to kill people. Yeah sure "everybody loves killing people" (Bender). It's not only the total lack of character what made this film so boring it's also it's ugly "I have to kill these people"-attitude which makes you sick. In one scene our hero has tied up one of the killers and tries to shoot him...but he can't. So what does he do? He calls the mother of the killed woman says that her child is killed and asks her whether she loved her child so much that she wishes to see the killers dead. The mother cries yes she'd love her child he goes back to the tied killer and slaughters him.<br /><br />To come to the point: This film is breathing the foul air of lynchmob-supporters (certainly the police does not play any role in it) moralizes in a ridiculous form against pornography does not take it's characters serious and wastes your time with a stupid plot. Probably the only good thing about this film is that it does not try to pseudo-psycho-analyze ... even that would be too much plot.<br /><br />Don't waste your time with this.<br /><br />
critique9102 Wow. I watched One Night at McCool's yesterday and all I can say is "Wow."<br /><br />Here I go. MAJOR SPOILERS.<br /><br />Would you like a summary of the plot just to see how stupid and pointless this movie is? I would never tell anybody to watch it unless I was out to inflict pain upon them. Anyway here's a glimpse (or a huge chunk) of the plot.<br /><br />Randy works for a bar McCool's. He meets up with this woman named Jewel who convinces him to surprisingly have sex with him. Her ex-boyfriend ends up trying to rob them and gets killed. Randy and his cousin and the detective at the scene of the crime all fall for Jewel. She being the mascot of stupidity uses every one of these guys to get what she wants involving a DVD player. Randy hires a hit man to kill her and eventually the detective is killed by the ex-boyfriend's psycho brother and the hit man and Jewel take off.<br /><br />Seriously. That's it. I left hardly anything out except for a few more sex scenes and a nearly-pornographic scene of Liv Tyler as Jewel using a hose to flaunt her sexuality.<br /><br />What was the point of this movie? To be honest I think it was so that the producers and directors could show off their male urges. Which I think is absolutely uncalled for and just plain stupid. When I watch a movie I want a plot. I want characters. I don't care about sexy woman flaunting anything they might have. Something should happen in a movie for goodness' sake. This is as bad as Fight Club.<br /><br />It gets even worse. John Goodman is the detective devoted to the higher being. I myself wondered why Goodman would play in something so outrageously pitiful as this but then I remembered that he was in O Brother Where Art Thou? as well. His reputation just went down a notch.<br /><br />Liv Tyler was an amazing actress in the Lord of the Rings series. In this movie she is nothing more than an unintelligent slut who wants nothing but her way. Her reputation has gone down seven or eight notches to me.<br /><br />I am amazed simply AMAZED that people would work so hard to make something so stupid. The music is absolutely crappy (having "YMCA" play while John Goodman's character is being killed doesn't really fit) the characters are totally unlikeable the plot is one of the most stupid ever conceived by man and to top it off it doesn't even fit into any genre. The closest it gets to is pornographic comedy. If it was even supposed to be funny. Which it wasn't.<br /><br />I think I'm done ranting now. But let me just assure you that nobody in their right mind would ever ever want to see this movie. Unless they lust for Liv Tyler as much as the characters do that is.
critique9103 This movie's only redeeming factor was the fact that it was on TV for free and that it probably helped the Romanian economy. Other than that Hallmark needs to re-evaluate this division of their empire and maybe keep their movies more oriented towards bizarre love affairs between cancer-stricken hemophiliacs in Mississippi. To go into details about how mindless this movie is would give credit to it for being memorable. It wasn't. I remember the act of watching it there being vampires (some of them teenage) and some very bad dubbing. Whoever worked on the dubbing track of this movie needs to be relocated to another sector of society...maybe food service to the deaf. If you have the opportunity watch this movie just because it makes so many other really bad movies seem Oscar-worthy in retrospect. Then again if you actually ended up at this movie's profile I imagine that it may be too late...
critique9104 This is a mildly interesting late 80's gore fest featuring some nasty slugs with a taste for human blood. If you can get past the ridiculousness of the whole thing you might actually get some minor enjoyment out of this. The acting is awful and the plot is simply there to hold the movie together between gory slug attacks but the movie isn't a complete waste of time. The special effects are actually quite good and the gore is well done. It reminded me of the remake of the Blob probably because of the sliminess of it all. All in all you could certainly do worse with an hour and a half of your time but I wouldn't suggest seeing this movie unless you've got a strong stomach and are into this sort of thing.
critique9105 Whoa nelly! I've heard a ton of mixed reviews for this...but one of my go to hardcore horror reviewers really found it to be disappointing. Man was he right on the nose! This movie was acted by pure amateurs. They HAD to have done one take maybe two on each scene the movie seemed soooo rushed. The script was also poor....they had lines that tried to be unique but failed. Miserably. "Get your meathooks off of me!" Oh man I hate it when movies try to do that. It happens all the time with comedies...but with a horror movie and with below average actors....the results are incredibly pathetic. The lines and scenarios were all very predictable. But what made me feel so negative towards this movie was again the damn acting. It was awful. Besides by the little Asian guy who worked the booth. I thought he was great.<br /><br />The movie is about 5 stupid dumbsh!t tourist who are on a vacation in Asia. They end up at the wrong place and fall into the hands of a mafia run sex/slaughterhouse. Sounds like a cool story. But watching someone with a bad case of diarrhea is probably more fun and intense to watch. The only reason this is considered horror is because of the killing. There wasn't a trace of suspense.<br /><br />I like many other horror fans were dying to get their bloody little mitts on this. But unfortunately with a HUGE capital U the movie was incredibly disappointing. I did enjoy the ankle break and the blood effects. The flabby chicks were also so so.<br /><br />Everything about this movie screams amateur. This is Ryan Nicholson's first feature length and for the most part he failed. There's no denying he has a sick sense of humor and taste for horror. I pray his next movie doesn't play out like another B horror flick...unless he tells us that's what it's gonna be. Even after this disappointment I'm willing to give Ryan another shot. From what I've seen of him he's a true dedicated man to the genre. Good luck next time because this was bad news.
critique9106 What can I say??? This movie was so Dumb & Stupid I thought it was a Psychotic DRAG Comedy - They should rename it "Bitching Pregnant Cat Fight!" What a stupid waste of time  if you want to see(DIE DIE!!! "I WANT YOUR BABY DRAG QUEEN) Jennifer Tilly being her Freaky self then just rent out one Of the "Chucky" movie oh ya  "The Bride Of Chucky." It's more fun watching the Two Ugly Plastic dolls (one of them Jennifer Tilly turned into the UGLY Female version of Chucky) having Squeaky plastic rubber sex then watching Daryl Hannah being pregnant  Dumb & stupid; & Jennifer Tilly Grinding up her Husbang in a Food Processor reminded me of my Mother trying to do House Work! OK it's just BAD!!!
critique9107 I've been a fan since his first album. This film is a disservice to him. The performances except for one by Rufus Wainwright and Teddy Thompson are simply terrible. <br /><br />Those by Martha Wainwright Nick Cave Antony and Jarvis Cocker were particularly annoying. Even the one by the McGarrigle sisters was ruined by the so called harmony of Martha Wainwright.<br /><br />I've never seen my wife get up and walk out of the room on a film before and I found myself fast forwarding through the performances to get to the few interview segments which were also difficult to watch due to the poor camera work. <br /><br />There are many who have been able to interpret Mr. Cohen's songs Jennifer Warnes KD Lang Billy Joel Aaron Neville and Willie Nelson come to mind but those people selected for this performance were just awful.<br /><br />Hopefully there will be another attempt at capturing Leonard Cohen on film that will illustrate his insight talent and intelligence.<br /><br />So sad
critique9108 I have seen poor movies in my time but this really takes the biscuit! Why oh why has this film been made? There just is nothing here whatsoever. Please put your trust in me flick the off switch and destroy your copy of this film. There is a plot... that could take about 5 minutes to show on camera. This is the key problem the story 'based on a true story' (mmm... whatever) just in no way lends itself to be padded out for 80 minutes. And so we therefore have to sit through over an hour of watching people walk around. That is it! In the whole first half an hour absolutely nothing happens apart from watching someone walk to a shop... and then 3 guys walking through a wood. This time could perhaps have been spent on developing character... but no. And so there is absolutely no connection to the people on screen and so when they start to get shot we couldn't care less! In fact I was in the end vouching for the baddie so that the film would end! On top of this the camera work is truly horrific! This director/editor/writer/producer Ti West is rubbish. I hate to hit a guy but really his work is pants! These dull close ups continuously and then long single takes following people as they walk - I'm sure he thinks he's clever but the results are so dull I just wanted to stop the film and slit my wrists! How this man has been brought on to direct the next cabin fever movie is beyond me! To finish the acting is also woeful... which goes for the film as a whole. Preserve your sanity stick clear of this heap of total excrement!
critique9109 **MAJOR SPOILERS** Watchable only for the action sequences not the story or acting in it "Nature Unleashed: Fire" has one of the longest and excruciating endings in modern motion picture history. We have the fearless Ranger Jake Bryan Genesse leading this trio of hysterical bikers to safety in of all paces an explosive fume beaching mine shaft! This during a raging forest fire! It seems that Ranger Jake with all his knowledge of the great outdoors didn't realize that a mine shaft that's leaking with dangerous and explosive methane gas is the last place to go when all the woods around it is on fire!<br /><br />***SPOILERS FROM THIS POINT ON*** All this started some time ago when Ranger Jake in an effort to save the not that on the ball miner Tiny Chris Harz aka "The Sherd" let him slip through his fingers and fall to his death at the bottom of the mine shaft or did he! Even though we were kept in suspense to who's setting the forest fires for the first half of the movie it wasn't a surprise at all the Tiny was the culprit! As you would expect in movies like these Tiny seemed to be made of hardened steel in that nothing that ever happened to him fires explosions as well as impaling could stop the crazed miner.<br /><br />Before Tiny's reappearance or resurrection Ranger Jake got involved in rescuing bikers Chris Mel Sharon & Marcus Josh Cohen Melanie Lewis Anastasia Griffith & Ross McCall who were trapped in the woods with fires breaking all around them. Having the usual know it all-Marcus-among the bikers things don't go as smoothly as Ranger Jake wanted them to go. Marcus not only eggs on the meek Chris to do something stupid jump with his bike over a 10 foot pile of logs but has the guy break his leg. This makes it almost impossible for Ranger Jake to have Chris air-lifted out before the fires consume him as well as his fellow bikers!<br /><br />For the remainder of the movie Ranger Jake who put himself in charge makes boner after boner in his attempt to save himself and the trapped and lost in the woods bikers! All this ends with Jake's brilliant idea to hide in a dangerous and abandoned mine shaft with the rescue party just yards away from rescuing them if they only stayed put and in the open where the rescue team could find them!<br /><br />Even though he was supposed to be the life of the party or movie Tiny for all his efforts in being another indestructible super villain came across as a man who spent too much time out in the sun. The make-up job on Tiny was so outrageous that he looked like he dumped a jar of spaghetti sauce over his head instead of having it burned to a crisp.<br /><br />Ranger Jake came across as either somewhat very naive or retarded in his being so taken in by the dangerous Tiny in always trying to save the rampaging psycho who never hid his feelings about what he had in mind for the play by the rules Forest Ranger. In fact Ranger Jake actually encouraged Tiny to do both him and the bikers in by showing him how incompetent he was in trying to save them. The fact that Ranger Jake was successful wasn't because he was so smart but because Tiny  despite his indestructibility was so brainless!
critique9110 First of all let me start by saying that I have been a devoted follower of C Thomas Howell's career ever since "The Outsiders" and "The Hitcher". He was an up and coming star in the 1980s - with hits such as "Soul Man" also. The future was bright for this young actor and he had the potential to go on from there and really assert himself in Hollywood. Put it this way - Tom Cruise had a bit part in "The Outsiders" while Howell had the lead. Look at Cruise today !!! But picking material like this drivel will only denigrate Howell's career even more - if that was possible. Why does he pick stuff like this? A small part in a major movie would be of more benefit to him than this rubbish.<br /><br />Essentially the story here takes place in a post-apocalyptic world where everybody lives underground where chaos reigns. Howell is a Shepherd - protecting the flock of various religious leaders by killing off any undesirables. He's a hit-man in other words.<br /><br />The sets are so bad they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode. The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here) no continuity scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity. Oh yeah and the storyline was pathetic too.<br /><br />I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it. I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.<br /><br />In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film. It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell. Come on C - give yourself some credit and wrestle yourself away from these non-hit wonders and try to knuckle down and get a good part - however small.<br /><br />1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.
critique9111 A splendid example of how Hollywood could (and still can) take a masterpiece of literary fiction and stupidly foul it up.<br /><br />In the case of "the Big Sky" writer Dudley Nichols and company arrogantly assumed they could improve upon a classic pioneer novel by the Pulitzer prize-winning author A.B. Guthrie. In so doing they removed the soul of the story and any edge and impact it may have had as a film adaptation.<br /><br />The epic nature of Guthrie's book and the evolution of its main character Boone Caudill from a naive Kentucky lad into a hardened and competent survivor/mountain man has been replaced with a downscaled riverboat farce that bears little resemblance to the author's intent. In the movie version Boone's presence is nothing except underwhelming.<br /><br />Intriguing and even shocking plot elements that give Guthrie's novel impact and excitement have been removed for no apparent reason whatsoever. Most puzzling of all is the emphasis placed upon the Zeb Calloway character who was an incidental minor character in the book only occupying a handful of pages. On the other hand a very important and fascinating character Dick Summers the veteran pioneer is missing altogether!!! It is also apparent that director Hawks decided the Zeb character in the movie played by actor Hunnicutt wasn't irritating enough. So Zeb/Hunnicutt was given a significant amount of time doing that obnoxious voice-over narration that is the Hollywood short cut for incompetent screen writing editing and direction.<br /><br />Some movies have actually improved upon the books upon which they were based (William Wyler's "Ben-Hur" is an excellent example). But this is horrible and depressing not only as an adaptation of a novel but as a film unto itself.<br /><br />The story is dull and clichÃƒÂ©d and the characters - at least the ones that have not been edited out of the script - are just shallow and boring shadows of Guthrie's literary vision. And unfortunately Kirk Douglas' star appeal which could have helped lift this film was scuttled by the milktoast role he was given.<br /><br />If you can believe it the film version of Guthrie's Pulitzer prize-winning sequel "The Way West" also starring Kirk is even worse.<br /><br />In my opinion "The Big Sky" further solidifies Howard Hawks' place as one of the most overrated tepid directors in the history of cinema.
critique9112 you can be fooled by your first impressions. as in initial reactions to a movie for example. as in the first time i saw this movie i was bedazzled by the idea of it (first of all i love black comedies). could even - despite being male myself - empathise with the feisty girls' fervor to see their husbands deceased without delay. was tripped up by my own face-value (and i do mean "face-value") response to nicolette sheridan and a couple of the other delicious dames in the picture. it just goes to show you that you've gotta step back from a situation sometimes and see that it's bad (and not "bad good" either): the reason i'm giving this movie a "4" rating is because of ms sheridan and her gams (the rest of 'er is pretty good too); but this movie has all the hallmark TV movie characteristics - which means you'll be disappointed if your a lover of movies made for the big screen. the story contains plot holes you could run a tunnel through - and i'll generally overlook holes in a plot if the overall thing does it for me; and i just experienced an incredible letdown the second time i saw it. i don't think it's a total waste of time but....
critique9113 Awful film. Terrible acting cheesy totally unrealistic embarrassing to anyone who has played the game. For a start that guy is not a hooker he would be snapped in two. As for ''I score that's my job'' well no it's not. For the the uneducated American audience it might come across as a good film. For me well that's a few hours of my life I'll never get back. I read through the reviews and came across one where the guy sounded like he knew what he was talking about. Then I read - <br /><br />''And while American rugby may never reach the level of talent that New Zealand or South Africa has third in the world is also nothing to hang your head about''<br /><br />All I can say is LMFAO! <br /><br />Keep playing your American football and baseball leave the real sports to the big boys.
critique9114 In a way this is the disaster Fellini has been working towards all his life. The line between absurd masterpiece and free association bullshit is very small and what category a film will ultimately fit in will often just depend on personal feelings. That said "Casanova" left me in cold admiration for its sets and little more that cannot be summed up more adequately by Bukowski: <br /><br />"Casanova died too just an old guy with a big cock and a long tongue and no guts at all. to say that he lived well is true; to say I could spit on his grave without feeling is also true. the ladies usually go for the biggest fool they can find; that is why the human race stands where it does today: we have bred the clever and lasting Casanovas all hollow inside like the Easter bunnies we foster upon our poor children." <br /><br />As far as I could make it out this is the position Fellini takes regarding his subject; granted with more empathy but disgusted nonetheless.<br /><br />Casanova's environment is made from decay and incestuous behavior themes Fellini dealt with more pointedly in "Satyricon". The succession of plot is characteristic of soft porn just without the coherence; and Donald Sutherland is ugly and slimy to the point of distraction.<br /><br />Yet there might just be a point in portraying Casanova as an unsightly fool. And I challenge anybody to formulate this point without being obvious; Fellini couldn't. More than ever he seems here like a dirty old man - a maestro for sure but one whose impulses satisfy himself more than anybody else. I find it hard imagine an audience who enjoys this film. It was a story not worth telling.
critique9115 You don't need to write a script for this trashed outrage! You just sit back and watch a pair of moonshine women and guests duke each other out before a riotous audience exposure at "The Jerry Show"! Violent and obnoxious this cash-in on the real Jerry Springer program reveals everything that the over-rated hyped talk show doesn't show to you on the air - - unless you have a collection of uncensored videos made by the producers of "Cops". Even the outside world of Springerland reveals the most amateurish acting of the decade! This goes to show you that THE GONG SHOW MOVIE had a central character in a motion picture turkey. Change the channel! REJECTED<br /><br />
critique9116 Bled starts as young female artist Sai (Sarah Ferooqui) meets a mysterious yet charming man named Renfield (Jonathan Oldham) & they end up back at her studio apartment where he gives her the bark of some sort of tree which is used as a hallucinogenic drug when melted down. Sai quickly becomes hooked as she is whisked into an alternate fantasy reality which involve Vampiric creatures. Sai's photographer friend Royce (Chris Ivan Cevic) becomes concerned about her as she drifts further from reality as she becomes addicted to the drug can Royce her kick the drug or will it end up ruining her life & why did the mysterious Renfield get her addicted to the stuff in the first place & do the elaborate fantasy dream like trips have any significance?<br /><br />Co-produced & directed by Christopher Hutson this anaemic arty Vampire flick is pretty much 95 minutes of tedium & is throughly deserving of all the bad comments. The script was written by the interestingly named Sxv'leithan Essex (how the hell do you even pronounce that anyway?) who is also credited as production designer & his unusual name is actually more interesting than anything that ever happens in Bled I would guess that the makers set out to make a very serious fantasy based horror film with a strong moral message about the dangers of drugs drug addiction & date rape drug at it's core. The majority of the film is spent on the drug issue with Sai's initial introduction to the drug how great the first time was & how she becomes hopelessly addicted which eventually destroys her her life & her friends lives. It's never explained where she keeps getting this drug from as Renfield only gives her a little bit during their initial meeting but hey who cares? The first twenty odd minutes of Bled are really boring & dull the following hour or so aren't much better before a mess of a final ten minutes which involve a Vampiric monster & Renfield making a reappearance. The moral elements are patronising the fantasy elements seem like an afterthought & the horror is none existent. There's also the dialogue which is awful every sentence tries to be profound have loads of hidden depth & just tries to have so much meaning that it becomes tiresome to listen to.<br /><br />The concept of the film is terrible & so is the execution as there's absolutely no gore or violence to speak of & the entire thing is set inside an apartment that doesn't appear to have any lights. The fantasy setting looks a little better but it's sparsely seen & underused. There are no scares here no atmosphere & to make matters even worse the makers have decided to used muted very faded colours which I just hate & find annoying what's wrong with a nice colourful image? It seems to me to be a fad with current filmmakers who seem to think that it automatically makes a film cool or adds atmosphere which it most certainly doesn't more often than not it just makes your film look dull & drab as evidenced here with Bled.<br /><br />This probably had a low budget & was shot in Los Angeles & it has reasonable production values but it's all so dull. The acting didn't impress me I didn't care for or about anyone which is never a good sign.<br /><br />Bled is a terrible Vampire film that goes for psychological horror as well as physical with all sorts of parallels to real life dug addiction & what it can do to little or no effect because the whole thing is so dull. There might be an audience for a film such as this but considering the other comments not that big a one.
critique9117 As big as a Texas prairie and equally as boring. Even Liz Taylor James Dean Chill Wills and Dennis Hopper can't float this overbloated boat. Taylor actually LOOKS bad--wrong wardrobe wrong hair and wrong makeup--a unique accomplishment in her remarkable career. Hopper gives the only believable performance and Dean in the climactic scene displays remarkable talent as something we usually don't remember him for--a comic actor. Rock Hudson is his usual prototype of Barbie Doll Ken and makes one wonder what a say Redford could have done with the male lead. There is no discernible plot that provides any tension until the final twenty minutes just a pastiche of milestones that have little relationship to each other. Except for Hopper there is no character development only a collection of cardboard cutouts that pop up periodically for no discernible reason like random targets in a shooting gallery. To its credit the film does tackle racism and sexism at a time when they were taboo subjects and it does have SIZE making it an excellent choice for ridding yourself of unwelcome house guests. Those with the DVD version can spare themselves some of the tedium by starting with the second disk. You won't be missing anything of interest.
critique9118 Ah the infamous "Guinea Pig" series...I honestly have to say that I've been disappointed as a whole by this entire series ("He Never Dies""Mermaid in a Manhole" and "Flower of Flesh and Blood" being the exceptions...and even those aren't great by any means...) but "Devil's Experiment" just plain blows. There is nothing realistic-looking going on here other than the climactic (or perhaps anti-climactic depending on how you view it) eyeball piercing scene. The victim appears to not really care what is going on and barely whines or whimpers while being subjected to "hideous" (more often sometimes "hilarious") tortures. "Flower of Flesh and Blood" is a more violent and gory depiction of fake "snuff" material but that film also falls flat on the realism level. I applaud the Japanese for pushing the boundaries and they've really come a long way over the past 2 decades to wear the crown in "extreme" film-making but "Devil's Experiment" just doesn't hold up. Worth a look if you are a die-hard if for no other reason than to see what the fuss is about but I can only give this film an extremely generous 3/10 and that's only for the needle-through-the-eye scene...
critique9119 The acting was horrendous as well as the screenplay. It was poorly put together and made you almost want to laugh at the several terribly acted out murder scenes. The ending was even worse. Everyone kept dying but somehow the ending made it look like everything was perfectly OK! They did not give enough history about the obsession the teacher had etc. The movie needed more time to perhaps develop a better storyline. The only reason I give this 3/10 is that I kind of feel bad for the young actors. They needed better coaching. They could have really made this an OK film but the screenplay and acting failed miserably.
critique9120 It's a shame. There's an interesting idea here but it gets completely lost in a confusion of Commodore 64 style computer effects and bad storytelling. The plot such as it is concerns a bounty hunter of souls. It should be a fairly straightforward hunter/hunted kind of story but the director and/or the writer seem like they forgot what the movie was supposed to be when they were about three days into shooting. Things aren't helped by the fact that the main baddie looks like he's wearing a cheap Darth Maul mask which they tried to disguise with flowing CG colors. Not much to recommend here even the title seems to propel it into obscurity.
critique9121 Sequels have a nasty habit of being disappointing and the best credit I can give this is that it maintains that old tradition. These three tales aren't anything as good as any from the original Creepshow.<br /><br />By far the best of the trio involves a wooden idol which comes to life to take revenge on the thugs who killed its owners. The second story is about a lake monster which seems to be nothing more than a lot of floating slop makes you wonder how anybody could possibly be scared of it. The third story includes a cameo from Stephen King as a truck driver but other than that is a pretty unmemorable tale concerning the victim of a road traffic accident who comes back from the dead for the person who knocked him down.<br /><br />Watch the original Creepshow instead or if you already have done then be happy with that.
critique9122 L'HumanitÃƒÂ© is a murder mystery. These movies tend to be popular<br /><br />and the 6.9 rating it currently has suggests that it has been too.<br /><br />Unfortunately this movie has no redeeming qualities whatsoever.<br /><br />A few non-spoilers for instance include a 5-minute scene<br /><br />wherein the main character eats an apple. And another 3 minutes<br /><br />where he breathes.<br /><br />In case you were wondering this is not in fact art. Neither is it a<br /><br />commentary on humanity which from the title it seems it is trying<br /><br />to be. It is in fact boring. There are numerous attempts in this<br /><br />movie to say something about humanity. One might think to<br /><br />onesself "How would I comment on humanity?" And the most<br /><br />obvious and boring answers will of course be sex love and death.<br /><br />Not that these options are uninteresting when done well - just that<br /><br />they are the canonical options. For sex this movie does its best to<br /><br />make it unattractive and disgusting. In your first five minutes -<br /><br />hence this is not a spoiler - you will see the bloodied vagina of a<br /><br />murdered 11-year-old girl; it's a murder mystery remember? Later<br /><br />on a few people throw themselves at each other and have what<br /><br />the director would like us to believe is "raw" sex but in reality it's<br /><br />contrived and overly symbolic - but worse yet uninterestingly so.<br /><br />I enjoy being disturbed by movies. This movie showed me why:<br /><br />Disturbing movies usually show something inside of someone<br /><br />their humanity which they did not know existed and are a bit<br /><br />scared of. L'HumanitÃƒÂ© tried to do just this and failed and I walked<br /><br />out of the theatre not disturbed but disgusted thinking that I had<br /><br />wasted my time in the theater despite having seen the movie for<br /><br />free.
critique9123 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9124 It is one of the worst movies i've ever seen but Hostel is definitely much more worse. This movie is more funny and ridiculous than scary. I laughed most of the time when watched it. Low quality effects (when you gonna watch it you'll understand what i'm talking about and HOW LOW quality is that) bad actors (i hear of them for the first time) and it seems like it's shot by an amateur camcorder (so it looks more like a TV show than a movie). But at least i've had the patience to watch it till the end. Like comedies? Watch it. Wanna horror? Go watch Ju-On: The Grudge or some other good horror movie.<br /><br />If i'm talking about the Legend of Diablo i don't even know if i can classify it to a Horror genre. Just some low-budget crap.<br /><br />I rate it 3 out of 10
critique9125 Terrible movie. Nuff Said.<br /><br />These Lines are Just Filler. The movie was bad. Why I have to expand on that I don't know. This is already a waste of my time. I just wanted to warn others. Avoid this movie. The acting sucks and the writing is just moronic. Bad in every way. The only nice thing about the movie are Deniz Akkaya's breasts. Even that was ruined though by a terrible and unneeded rape scene. The movie is a poorly contrived and totally unbelievable piece of garbage.<br /><br />OK now I am just going to rag on IMDb for this stupid rule of 10 lines of text minimum. First I waste my time watching this offal. Then feeling compelled to warn others I create an account with IMDb only to discover that I have to write a friggen essay on the film just to express how bad I think it is. Totally unnecessary.
critique9126 I have seen Shallow Grave years ago and *that* was one of those movies I kept in memory for a very long time. It was intense from beginning to end and with plenty of sudden twists. But all of these made sense.<br /><br />I can't tell the same about Dead Bodies. Above the title is a subtitle that claims it to be "even better than Shallow Grave". This is a big lie.<br /><br />Dead Bodies looses strength and gets far less convincing during the movie.<br /><br />Two supporting characters for example turn out to be a whole lot less innocent than they first appeared to be. That could work as a surprise but it didn't surprise me. I could see it coming minutes before and *that* is a big difference with Shallow Grave.<br /><br />Another thing I have to mention is that characters in this movie often respond not very realistic. They behave like that more often when the movie gets to it's end.<br /><br />I would have found it far more interesting if some of the characters would have stayed completely innocent not knowing what is going on. It would have been better for the contrast with for example Tommy and his friend who have to carry a *huge* secret with them.<br /><br />But no for some stupid reason the makers of this movie decided that all characters should show their darkest sides. It does not work in a movie like this.<br /><br />The end felt much like an open end. It left me with an unsatisfied feeling. I expected a whole lot more of it.<br /><br />At first I would have given this movie six stars because it is not entirely a bad movie. I liked watching it. Most of the time.<br /><br />But occasionally I saw some really poor acting and unrealistic scenes and because of the disappointing open end I stick to four stars this time. And because it turned out to be a mistake that I have spend my time and money to it. Unlike Shallow Grave I will probably forget Dead Bodies very soon. It is just not such a special movie.<br /><br />The makers could have done a far better job with this movie. It is a shame that they did not.
critique9127 If you would like to watch an example of how not to make a film then you need to watch this. I myself with no film making experience could do better. The script is laughable with a weak plot and there is no effort to be seen for any intelligent structure. In order to make up for this flaw you would think the action would be decent wouldn't you?<br /><br />As the acting editing and overall piecing together of the film is appalling the only saving grace is the dreadful performance by the lead actor. The reason why he is the saving grace is because he is so genuinely bad at acting that he should win an Oscar for it. At least some recognition for making me laugh at him so much.<br /><br />Toss in a dead woman's body after an all male shoot out (where did she come from?) pull the semi automatic trigger tens of times while the soundman pulls off two gunshot effects reflection of the camera crew in Kool Mo Dee's shades one and only ONE music track for the WHOLE film an unoriginal script that has no logic; is a perfect recipe for a really really bad film. Its actually more fun spotting the errors than actually trying to find something positive. Avoid at all costs.
critique9128 This movie is absolutely pointless one of the good esamples how Malcom McDowall never got one decent role after Clockwork Orange. This one may be one of the worst though. No story crappy special effects shot in 4:3/or even worse cropped on DVD just avoid it ....
critique9129 This "movie" is such a bad work! Nothing seems to even try and be realistic. Plot is weak acting - miserable actors wondering around like in a 1st year production trying very hard to act with no chance at all from the beginning. What a flop! What a waste of time money and effort to all concerned including the audience. Well as in any thriller here too are murders corpses and blood. Just imagine someone who 5 minutes ago committed a murder with a knife and came out calm and smiling not to mention clean as a whistle as if slashing one's throat is done by a virtual agent. Also this murder was supposed to be done by a tiny fragile woman on a high strong male and she cut his throat!!! Did she ask him politely to bend down for her? Much more stupidity of that same kind is going on and on leaving the audience wondering if this meant to be a joke which just turned out to be a bad one. Continuity is another huge problem as for instance: The eager-hungry groom is lying in bed waiting for his virgin-bride to get out of the bathroom and after a long while falls asleep(!?!). Next scene opens with the young couple entering the reception-area asking for guidance to scenery spots! NOT A WORD ABOUT LAST NIGHT??? Such a waste of time even to try and write about this low-low supposed-to-be "movie".
critique9130 Love and Human Remains is one of those obviously scripted obviously acted obviously staged flicks which is so obvious that the escape velocity from its contrivances and fabrication is beyond me. Not worth explaining this amateurish flick tries to cram every clever line every misanthropic overtone every peculiar sexual predilection into one film with an absence of concern for making the pieces fit. In short sensationalistic crap without the sensation...which pretty much just leaves crap.
critique9131 Or listening to for that matter. Even the soundtrack is a bore. <br /><br />Honestly this isn't the worst gay movie I've seen (that would be Regarding Billy) but it's down there very close to the bottom of the barrel.<br /><br />This thing drags and drags and drags. It's not that the plot is inane--in the hands of a good writer it might have worked . . . it certainly could have been much more entertaining. There's not one plot point you can't see coming for ten miles down the road. The dialog is flat. The jokes are old. To add insult to injury it's full of one-dimensional stereotypical gays. <br /><br />Nothing in this movie convinced me that the situation or the relationship of the two leads was possible much less real. There was no chemistry no dynamic in fact no evidence of why the leads love each other . . . we're just told they're in love. Hard to figure when they have nothing in common and aren't compatible sexually. They like the same book? Huh?<br /><br />The acting is not totally bad but the pacing is excruciatingly slow. I mean almost Jarmusch- slow but without Jarmusch quality. In fact that would be a good barometer for you. If you like Jarmusch films avoid this one.
critique9132 I was excited about this movie after reading other reviews. What a disappointment! There are so many ways that this movie is bad. The computer graphics were lacking to say the least. I found the acting stiff and unbelievable. Watch the sand as the lost "e-pods" (what an original name!)are found. Where did all the tracks come from? I immediately recognized portions similar to other movies ie Alien Pitch Black. Come onone huge ship to transport one prisoner? And what is with the prisoner? Does he speak can he speak? I kept waiting for something to tie the bits of the story together but it never came. If this movie was made on a low budget it shows. The only part of the movie I liked was when it finally ended. I don't mean that I liked the ending I didn't. I just liked the fact that it was over. A trip to the dentist would have been more enjoyable. In my opinion. don't waste your time on this one.
critique9133 I read the novel 'Jane Eyre' for the first time back in 1986. It was round that time that I saw the BBC-version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. It was an excellent version and very much like the book. Years later I laid eyes on this version and was horrified. William Hurt is totally miscast as Mr Rochester. Mr Rochester is a passionate character where as William Hurt portrays him as a block of ice. The same goes for Charlotte Gainsborough. It was like watching two zombies together. This is story about love and passion but I couldn't see it in this version. No back to the BBC-version. A wonderful time is guaranteed.
critique9134 This is an interesting treatment of a subject that is quite controversial (just read the other comments on this film). Apparently you either love it or hate it and it seems most people make that distinction based on whether they believe the tribulation and end times will happen as portrayed in the movie.<br /><br />Basically the film - and its sequels - were made for about $1.30 each. The production values are right down there with "Plan 9 From Outer Space" and the acting is about on the same level as "Glen or Glenda" (my apologies to Ed Wood). Putting aside the religious message the story is as scary as they come. Add in even the slightest thought that the story might actually be close to something that might happen in the future and it becomes even scarier.<br /><br />This movie and its sequels didn't try to bring in the reasons why the tribulation happened when it did. "Left Behind" and "The Omega Code" tried to get in everything "Thief" did and to explain all the politics and maneuvering in the Middle East leading up to it. The net effect was "Thief" did a much better job on the scary part of movie instead of spreading itself too thin trying to explain what was happening in the Middle East at the same time. <br /><br />Forget the politics and watch this movie and its sequels for what they are - horror stories. That they may be horror stories told indirectly by God makes them just that much more frightening. If it makes you think about the subject it has done its job - even if you never believe.
critique9135 I can't believe the likes of Guillermo del Toro and Kim Bassinger got involved ins this piece of garbage! The script is so poorly written and the directing so weak (both by the same person) that its hard to find more one-dimension characters in a film. The dialogs are so lame that this so called thriller got laughs out of the few fools that got into the theatre. The setup it's tricky inviting you to believe you are going to watch a chilling thriller and suddenly it turns out into the most stupid persecution film. Bassinger's character is so dumb that she actually stops to scream to God "Where are you!" so the people after her can follow and then takes a leak!!!! And then she apparently got into the smallest wood in the world I mean she runs all over the place and the killers never loose track of her and this happens in the middle of the night. It really makes me wonder is that really the best writing people in Hollywood can find that they spend millions producing it.
critique9136 There are so many things wrong with this movie I don't even know where to begin. The story is not cohesive AT ALL. I guarantee that five minutes into the movie the average viewer will be scratching his/her head in confusion.<br /><br />Here's what I remember of the movie before I was bored into unconsciousness: A quasi-abusive dad chases some pre-teen sisters through a house but turns out to be not that abusive after all. In the next scene the girls are about 15. They're driving with their parents and hit a deer. The deer must have been explosive because their car blows up one sister drags the other from the burning wreckage. Then the girls are drifting in a boat on a lake and make a huge plan to go to Kentucky (??) and start a new life. In the very next scene the girls are hitchhiking toward a military base. And what a military base it is. Actually it's more like a hog farm converted to look like a military base with plenty of confused extras playing "soldiers." The base commander's office is particularly awesome because there are random things like an AK-47 hanging on the wall and a drill sergeant hat mounted to a plaque (????) so the audience is sure to know that this is a military guy's office. Then some random dude pushing a motorcycle shows up and the base commander orders him to go "into town" to buy some porn mags and to make sure the soldiers don't think that he's on the "pink team." So our character takes a pickup converted to look like an army truck "to town" and loads up a box from a nondescript "book store" with a blowup doll by the front door. The girls hide in the guy's truck when he stops to gas up and look through the porn stash to find items inside like the "anal invader." I guess that's enough of the plot to scare most people away. Plot aside the sound quality is terrible and the movie is full of cheesy attempts at symbolism like a radio preacher talking about forbidden fruit during the scene where the "slutty" sister meets the main character for the first time or how the camera lingers way too long on certain shots to try to convey a "message".<br /><br />If you ever see this for sale or rent or whatever stay away. It's not worth the money in either case.
critique9137 Yes this review may contain spoilers but you'll thank me for it. This is the worst film I've seen in quite some time. I came to this board expecting to see the same response I had but inexplicably there are several people who love this film and Spacey's performance in particular.<br /><br />Some will chastise me for saying it but I find Kevin Spacey's acting quite limited despite the world's admiration for him. I felt like I was watching a meaner version of Kevin's "American Beauty" role. His character in this film is ridiculously overacted all the way down to his laughable insults he throws at his assistant.<br /><br />There are all-world trite and boring scenes like when Spacey is tearing into Whaley about bringing him Equal instead of Sweat and Low. Somehow I suspected this particular scene was supposed to be funny but by this time I was ready to hit the stop button (this is approximately 20 minutes into the film).<br /><br />What about the faux-homage to "Resevoir Dogs"? Whaley proclaims "I think I saw this in a movie once" as if he's going to cut off Spacey's ear. But what does he use to cut him? An envelope! That's right he's going to give him paper cuts! That has to be one of Hollywood's all-time worst scenes and the fact that the actors and director tried to carry it out with a straight face makes it even more appalling.<br /><br />I will admit that I didn't see the end of this film (my DVD mercifully locked up about a half hour before the end) but anyone who wishes to say so could spare me the line that I missed a great twist and everything would have made sense. Well I don't care what happened in the end because it could never make up for all that bad acting and relentlessly over-the-top dialogue. I even got the feeling that the actors themselves wanted to get out of this film as bad as I did.
critique9138 seriously what the hell was this movie aboutsimply stupidi'd give it 0 but1"awful" is the lowest you can goseriously this movie is not worth watchingwaste of time i don't know what the hell is wrong with you guys voting this movie 7 out of 10i seriously can make a better movie than this  hire some other unemployed people'n i promise i'll make a movie better than thisthis movie was so badthat i'll never watch a movie starring Steve Carrel againbottom line don't waste your time to download it off the net or rent iti'd nominate this movie for the worst movie of the century i mean the worst is Something Gotta give but after that this is the second
critique9139 Oh for crying out loud this has got to be the LAMEST movie I've seen all year and I'm sorry the normally awesome John Cusack was even involved in this brainless twitty piece of Stupidity. Where Sleepless in Seattle delivered what amounts to be the same message albeit on a more subtle somewhat more mature level Serendipity delivers it with a sledgehammer and then proceeds to pound it into your psyche for the next tedious hour and a half or so (and that's an hour and a half of my life I'll never get back again thank you very much!!). It's bad enough the main characters of this movie have the emotional maturity level of fourteen-year-olds (actually I've known better fourteen-year-olds...) except maybe for Jeremy Piven who was enjoyable enough. Just the first 15 minutes or so of the movie where Kate Beckinsale's character plays that annoying silliness of a game about throwing all sensibility to the wind (literally) had my best friend and I irritated beyond belief. I told my husband Rockstar had more intelligence and at least the characters in Rockstar weren't half as dysfunctional as the idiots were in this "Serendipitous" mess. It's annoying to watch protagonists who seem to have no clue about choice in their lives and feel they're nothing more than puppets to destiny and the whims of fate. How utterly tiresome. I'm sure this movie will be more likely enjoyed by those who'd rather not engage in the chaotic messiness of making more complex life choices and then responsibly living with the consequences. After all here's a movie where our hero and heroine live happily ever after only after wreaking havoc and misery on two other people's lives (namely their respective fiancÃƒÂ©es) not to mention other relatives and friends just to get there.<br /><br />
critique9140 This adaption contains two parts: <br /><br />1. The "now" time when Gulliver is at home in England and soon is put into a mental asylum by the Evil Dr. Bates <br /><br />2. The "described" time in which Gulliver describes his travels.<br /><br />The times are interspersed with a very choppy tempo which makes willing suspense of disbelief far more difficult than it would have been if the movie simply would have discarded that part and followed the book as written. In the book there is no Dr. Bates no asylum and Mrs Gulliver gets very little mention. The travels - in plural - are depicted as one in the movie. There are several movies covering the topic of sane people dumped into asylum by some nasty person out there look at them if you want that stuff. The "now" time part adds absolutely nothing to the story's value is a complete invention by the movie adapters and takes valuable time from the real story. All the time when this was going on I was longing for the next bit of real travel to be shown.<br /><br />So much for the drawbacks. The parts which actually are part of the real story are well done and the CGI is really well done for its time. Many small (and a few medium-sized) parts of the real travels are simply cut out but that does not make the story halt. This is AFAIK the only version which depicts all four travels and for that the movie should get special mention. <br /><br />The two interspersed parts get approximately equal time. I rate the first part 0 out of 10 and the actual travel coverage as 8/10. Averaging out I give it a 4/10. If only they would have cut the rubbish and focused 99% on the actual travels since that cut would have freed up a lot of time much better spent on filling in the details cut from the travels. <br /><br />Why some adapter think that he is gifted enough to improve upon Swift's work I do not know. My best guess is that CGI was so costly back in 1996 so that the movie company felt a need to incorporate a lot of filler which did not need elaborate sets GCI etc. in order to keep total costs under some limit while at the same time producing a mini-series which clocked in at some set number of minutes.
critique9141 What is wrong with American movies these days? Hollyweird keeps making movies that have men acting like women and women acting like men. The idiotic male director and writer of this movie need to have their heads examined. The main problems with this film are its overt extreme feminist portrayals of the sexes.<br /><br />In the scenes of the bar Eva Mendez and her friend are swigging from the beer bottles like you may find sailors on an oil tanker doing so at a bar in Iceland. Mendez continually kisses every girl she sees after that. She also dresses provocatively in every scene yet curses like a guy. She gets very emotional when she fights with Will Smith for a while while trying to 'defend' all women from bad guys everywhere.<br /><br />The men are no better in this movie. What we see is a bunch of idiots trying to do anything they can to win a date. The males in this movie are concerned with getting either sexual favours or unable to speak clearly when face to face with a woman. Men in real life do not behave this way.<br /><br />What we see in this movie is a product of culture gone awry. Everything is flip-flopped. Guys act like girls girls act like guys. All this is done while keeping the extreme predilections of the sexes very much a part of the story. Men are shown as soft and stupid but only interested in sex most of the time while women are shown as macho and overbearing but only as a veneer for their emotional insecurities.<br /><br />This movie would be good if it wasn't presented obnoxiously to the audience. The content is not the culprit. It is the manner in which the content is presented.
critique9142 Walerian Borowczyks La Bete (1975) was obviously received in different ways: Some were appalled some were shocked others applauded the courage. I however am completely untouched bored and cannot stop asking myself why the display of incoherent inconsistent images which vaguely orbit around a central theme are considered an intellectual journey.<br /><br />What was this movie actually about? Growing sexuality in a woman? I've seen great films on this subject but this is not one of them. How can one attempt to portray a growing sexuality in a girl without at least trying to characterize her as a person not only as a narrative device to dream (in the nude) of beasts. Where there are no characters there is no character study. The woman persecuted by the beast was not adolescent the girl having sex with the black butler (is he also characterized as a beast?) has a very grown up attitude to sexuality so where is the consistency? Is it a movie about religion? If yes we would need a bit more thematic material than a priest without function character and charisma but with a strong desire towards two young boys.<br /><br />Is it about bestiality? The metaphoric feel of the movie forbids any realistic examination of bestiality especially as realistic examination requires realistic characters. So no real bestiality here. Some mythic beast and two priests talking to each other about the sin of bestiality. Enough for a college essay on the topic? I don't think so.<br /><br />Is it about sex? Is it about anything? I don't know. I only know that showing a fired gun doesn't make a film a war movie. Dealing with a topic must mean more than displaying its own associations with the theme.<br /><br />So look across the controversy. Don't be scared by the bestiality nudity ejaculations masturbation and stuff. I am not. Look at it as you look at any other story and you might discover that this is a poorly made poorly edited poorly acted really poorly written (okay some pictures are quite nice and the main character is a really good looking girl) cerebral masturbation of a director who thinks beating around the bush in a hypnotic slow manner will make a story intelligent. It doesn't. It makes it boring.
critique9143 This movie was so badly written directed and acted that it beggars belief. It should be remade with a better script director and casting service. The worst problem is the acting. You have Jennifer Beals on the one hand who is polished professional and totally believable and on the other hand Ri'chard who is woefully miscast and just jarring in this particular piece. Peter Gallagher and Jenny Levine are just awful as the slave owning (and keeping) couple although both normally do fine work. The actors (and director) should not have attempted to do accents at all--they are inconsistent and unbelievable. Much better to have concentrated on doing a good job in actual English. The casting is ludicrous. Why have children of an "African" merchant (thus less socially desirable to the gens de couleur society ) been cast with very pale skinned actors while the supposedly socially desirable Marcel has pronounced African features including an obviously dyed blond "fro"? It's as if the casting directors cannot be bothered to read the script they are casting and to chose appropriate actors from a large pool of extremely talented and physically diverse actors of color. It's just so weird! This could be a great movie and should be re-made but with people who respect the material and can choose appropriate and skilled actors. There are plenty of good actors out there and it would be fun to see how Jennifer Beals Daniel Sunjata and Gloria Reuben would do with an appropriate cast good script and decent direction.
critique9144 This movie will promote the improvement of the mind. Read a book! It's incredible anyone would think this movie deserved the time and investment to make. I've seen "B" movies before but the "C" movie has just been invented. I didn't think I would ever enjoy Power Rangers since my kids stopped watching but I found myself looking for the videos fifteen minutes into "Knights." High school productions are better than this and the actors involved should erase this from their resume. Embarrassment is one of many descriptions that come to mind. My roommate who loves these types of movies even turned it off. Now that has to really tell you something. If you watch this movie and like it I will pray for you.
critique9145 A box with a button provides a couple with the opportunity to be financially free but the cost is the life of someone they've never met. This is a very tedious film to watch. Richard Kelly who wrote and directed it decided to make a film without any payoff. You are taken on a ride of slow build ups one after the other with minor revelations at best. At certain moments I thought to myself this will have major significance at the end but nothing does. The film just leaves one thinking "This story could have been told in 30 minutes without all the stretched out nonsense." I will hope you avoid this god-awful film and maintain your sanity by doing so.
critique9146 I did not quite get Barnens O Ã‚Â– it is one of the weirdest ones I have watched. The soundtrack was quite unusual as well Ã‚Â– written and performed by Jean Michel Jarre - it makes the movie weirder than it was. I have to admit that I was almost going to change it and watch another one instead Ã‚Â–at times the movie seemed plain dumb to me or boring Ã‚Â– or confusing. There are quite a few sexual references in that movie Ã‚Â– trough they too are kind of messed up . Probably the only phrase that I will remember out of it is going to be "When you are alone you can control things "Ã‚Â– and "I will show them "- or something like that .The boy in that movie was obsessed with the idea of not growing up Ã‚Â– "the last summer as a child "he thought once Ã‚Â– and he sure lived it to the max. So if you have few hours to spare you can watch this movie Ã‚Â– but you won't miss much if you don't.
critique9147 !!!!! POSSIBLE SPOILER !!!!!<br /><br />You`d think a story involving Archie Grey Owl - An Englishman posing as a red indian - would have a massive amount of humour involved . In fact I`d say the only way to treat a film like this where a remarkable man cons the gullible public is to treat it as a comedy . However Richard Attenborough commits something akin to a crime by making GREY OWL a serious drama . Worse  he`s made an extremely dire film too . Pierce Brosnan lacks the charisma needed for the title role and the romantic subplot between Grey Owl and Pony ( Played by the equally wooden Annie Gaupeau ) lacks any type of on screen chemistry . But to be fair to the cast their not helped with the script which fails to portray Archie as the cheeky chappy he is of fooling everyone into believing he`s a native American . The producers and screenwriter have made the major error of having the film centre around the plot twist of Archie being an Englishman - That`s why I wrote " Possible spoiler " it`s not actually revealed untill late in the film that the title character is English  but it`s obvious that everyone who viewed this movie knew that beforehand hence there`s absolutely no surprise involved.<br /><br />Yes I do agree with everyone that the scenery is lovely and that it has a deep ecological message which isn`t actually a new concept . Theodore Roosevelt was the first important environmentalist of the 20th century if truth be told . And it should also be remembered that with the exception of SOYLENT GREEN ( And possibly THE TWO TOWERS if you want to class it as having a green message ) that there hasn`t actually been a great ecological film . In fact most environmentally concious films suck and that includes GREY OWL  a film that unsurprisingly had a serious problem in finding a distributor
critique9148 Lynch. The man has some really great stuff! He knows how to disturb us then reward us by getting us think in different ways. This however is altogether different. Dumbland's reward is 1% absurd comedy earned by enduring 99% stupidity. I may have laughed once but somewhere around episode 4 I just started watching on fast-forward. Didn't miss a thing. I felt relieved when it ended and that's part of the point with this series. It's an annoying series about annoying characters in annoying situations rounded out with annoying animation voices and sound. But recognizing this and its other absurdist qualities still fails to make Dumbland worthwhile.
critique9149 This is a baffling film. <br /><br />The beauty in sexual relations between men and women is shown degraded by a set of men and women who can only be described as a collection of oddballs and misfits.<br /><br />Greenaway acknowledges his inspiration to Fellini's film "8 1/2" but whereas Fellini is a titan of world cinema Greenaway is not.<br /><br />He has none of the maestro's lightness of touch nor his ability to convey feelings and emotions with a deftness of clarity.<br /><br />He is pretentious the film being divided into chapters with a written introduction to each as if the viewer has to be guided into the film except that the written notices only stay on screen for a few seconds not long enough to be read by the audience with the result that they are mostly ignored.<br /><br />As for the women only two can be described as lookers Palmira played by Polly Walker and Giaconda played by Natacha Amal. The rest ooze with ordinariness. Both the women and the men retreat from the harsh light of reality into the dim shades of fantasy.<br /><br />Greenaway obviously wants to make the point that sexual fantasy does not lead to happiness. The women themselves are depressing since they render their services in exchange for money. Relations between men and women are debased into a commercial transaction.<br /><br />There is no sense of joy or happiness or love in the film indeed there are several scenes that are deeply unpleasant :<br /><br />The suggestion of an incestuous relationship between father and son Philip and Storey Emmental played respectively by John Standing and Matthew Delamere. The callous disregard of both men that Giaconda is carrying their child she in fact gets pregnant twice the first foetus being aborted and the second time she is sent away to a destination chosen by the men from a flight book. Both men having sex with a woman who has no legs (the half woman in the title). The beastiality that exists between Beryl played by Amanda Plummer with a pig named Hortense. Father and son sharing women between them. Women enjoying being beaten sexually. The father sleeping with the corpse of his dead wife.<br /><br />Mercifully none of these scenes are shown sexually only hinted at.<br /><br />The hinted degradation of women is such that there cannot be any wonder that the film was booed at when it was first premiered at Cannes. What is more extraordinary is that the actresses in the film lined up to defend it showing yet again that there is no limit to the naivety of women and that women will fool themselves into being exploited by men.<br /><br />Greenaway's directorial style is pretentious it is a triumph of style over substance a depiction of Film as Art accompanied by the abandonment of common sense.<br /><br />Greenaway tries to attain the sublimity of surrealism but only succeeds in showing the banality of human relationships.
critique9150 Sophia Loren plays Aida in one of the worst films of all time. She can't lipsync. In terms of production values the film is so bad that at one point while Loren is mouthing "O Patria Mia" she leans onto what looks to be a stone wall for support and the canvas set billows and shakes.
critique9151 A group of seven people fear they are the only survivors of a near world ending H-bomb blast. Not only do they fear the radiation but also mutants in the surrounding hillside. One of the group is already contaminated but strangely poses no real threat to the others. Just surviving the friction of assorted personalities at close range is the sub-plot. Richard Denning plays the hero. Mike Connors is close to the edge playing a tough guy. Lori Nelson is the girl destined to start populating a brave new world. Not one of director Roger Corman's best. This is predictable black and white sci-fi.
critique9152 When I was a teen-ager seeing this film for the first time I thought it was one of the best movies ever made. Of course the reason for that is Bo Derek and her various states of undress in this film. However now that I'm older I can honestly say that this film is awful. Mind you Bo Derek is absolutely incredibly beautiful and she and husband-director John Derek make sure you see plenty of her. But when you take that aspect out of the film it becomes one big dull ride. And Tarzan well he's all muscular like you think he should be but when he sees Jane (that's Bo of course) for the first time he doesn't know what to think. This despite the fact that Bo is wearing a wet see-thru shirt with her breast prominently displayed. Tarzan would be the only primitive man on the planet who would have that problem. If you are looking for a movie to slobber over a beautiful naked body then this might fill the ticket. If you are looking for a thoughtful entertaining and worth-while film go elsewhere...almost anywhere else at that!!!
critique9153 To me Bollywood movies are not generally up to much though they are still quite desired and Bollywood is a big file maker as they have their own fans.<br /><br />The only motive that made me watch the movie was to see to what extent an American actress could change or affect the logic that Indian movie were based on. Not only did not it change the movie story also this blending caused some ridiculous series of events.<br /><br />I mean it is quite common to see heaps of illogical things through Indian movies as they have their own world in their movies. But once you see such incidents happen to an American it makes you laugh. For God's sake can you believe a famous American actress is stuck in desperate situation and feel impotent. Can you imagine an American actress falls in loves with a dance instructor whose fiancÃƒÂ©e already fell in love with American's boy friend and they met each other at the same time. There were lot of similar things to mention. the less said the better.<br /><br />Perhaps I was wrong as I expected too much from Indian Movies.
critique9154 I decided to watch this movie in order to fall asleep. It kept me awake so it was interesting; however it was pretty bland.<br /><br />The acting was good. I don't think any of the actors did a bad job. Mickey Rourke is as believable as an over-the-hill hit-man can be. The dialogue in this movie does not provide much opportunity for these actors to show off their full potential but they still shined.<br /><br />The atmosphere was great. Music was good and colors matched the mood that the director wanted to paint for the viewers. Even the weather enhanced the mood of the movie. Everything was well done.<br /><br />The failures of this movie are in its story development. The storyline with the mafia vs. Blackbird doesn't get enough attention. The storyline for Carmen and Wayne's divorce doesn't get explained. The FBI seems to work extra fast here. Is there no paperwork for all these processes? Is it really that easy to dig up your brother's body from his grave burn the corpse and have it be identified as you? There are too many loops in the storyline for me to give this movie anything higher than a 4 out of 10 rating. I wouldn't recommend this movie to people unless they're really bored and have smoked some really good weed. Even if WoW is down for maintenance go find something better to do than watch this movie.
critique9155 I don't expect a lot from ghost stories but I do expect a story to make a bit of sense! Is that asking too much from the screenwriters and filmmakers? When the bad guy all of the sudden becomes a homicidal maniac solely because a bunch of crows start pecking him then I have a problem spending $9.00 for a ticket! Alfred Hitchcock would be spinning in his grave. Didn't anyone learn anything in their college Film 101 class? A good movie has at its roots an INTERESTING story!<br /><br />Here are some of the ridiculous messages in this movie: If you have desperate financial problems move from Chicago to the middle of no-where in North Dakota to grow Sunflowers (I kid you not!). If your toddler has serious neurological problems from a car accident move away from some of the best hospitals and speech therapists in the country to an isolated small town which at best has a community hospital. Hire a drifter to live & work with you out of the blue without checking any references when you have a teenage vixen daughter a wife and toddler. ( I'm glad they're not my parents!) <br /><br />A town where everyone knows everything would have no problem missing a triple homicide just outside of town. And of course blame the man's lunacy on a bad crop of Sunflowers! (Doesn't anything else grow in North Dakota?) A couple of days after you buy your rundown house - with huge vines growing everywhere - that it reminds you of Jack and the Beanstalk a guy from the X-Files ala Smoking Man (I'm glad to see the cigarettes didn't get him I guess he doesn't inhale!) will just suddenly sneak up on you while you're working to offer you the sale price of your home plus 15% more for absolutely no reason!<br /><br />I think you get the picture. I have seen so many godforsaken awful movies in the past month it just blows my mind! Is it that difficult to make a movie that doesn't treat the audience like an idiot? I'm glad at least the crows in this sorry film turned out to have the some brains! I wish I could say the same for whomever thinks they are going to make money off this celluloid piece of trash!
critique9156 Chances are if I watched this again I might get physically sick the film is so annoying.....unless you believe in psychics re-incarnation and the other hocus- pocus which this promotes big-time. The "re-cycling of souls" they call it here. Puh-leeze.<br /><br />This story has been done several times before with such films as "Heaven Can Wait." It's also been done a lot better. Too bad they had to waste the talents of Robert Downey Jr. Cybill Shepherd Ryan O'Neal and Mary Stuart Masterson.<br /><br />At least it's a pretty tame film language-wise. That's about the only redeeming quality of this movie.
critique9157 This is a great example of what could have been a great film and a great idea but turned out to be really bad in the process. I was mainly tempted to get this because of the DVD cover stupid me but I did anyway and I was blown away in a bad sense. This movie is essentially about El Chupacabra wreaking havoc around Los Angeles and it's up to a local animal cop and a writer to save the day before two corrupt cops and two evil scientists bring them down. The main reason why I did not enjoy this film was because of big continuity errors that were hard to not notice. Along with some bad acting okay lighting and nothing scary this movie did not hit me as much as is it probably should have. However compared to other Chupacabra movies this one certainly tops the charts just barely.<br /><br />First off the continuity in this movie is way off and I mean off the shoulders and into the ditch. There were so many points were the characters said or did something and then in the next shot they aren't doing it or the change never occurred. Case in point: the main character has a gun the Chupacabra attacks he whips out a flair from nowhere and distracts and the gun in missing. The girl runs while he defends here with the mystery flair and she had no gun then the main character is running with the girl and has the gun. Where did the flair come from and what happened to the gun. The time of day gets screwed up. One minute it is sun set and you can still see the sun and then the next minute it looks like midnight. There were some plot holes as in why was the Chupacabra there what were the scientists doing what happened to this guy and why did he shoot the animal and it still lived? These things bugged the heck out of me and none of the questions were answered.<br /><br />Next on the list is the acting. Boy was it wooden and bad. The main character Navarro played by Eric Algeria seems a bit too calm at points and too dedicated to finding out what killed a few dogs and when a tragedy hits his emotion was just not there. Elina Madison who played Starlina did a fairly poor job. She was the author of a bestselling book about the Chupacabra and she just didn't seem into her role or her performance. Her acting was kind of laughable and a poor. Even for an author she knows too much about that thing and knows how to disable a high security defense system in a hidden laboratory. Tony Criss was okay but he seemed a bit to calm for some of the stuff that was going on. The movie reminds me of a bad reenactment to murder for some crime solving show where the actors and actresses aren't really that committed to their work.<br /><br />I rarely don't get this anal when it comes to lighting or editing but for this movie I could not help but be harsh on the lighting. It took me out of the movie a number of times because the lighting was so poorly directed. There were times when they were trying to be creative by adding color filters to the scene to make it more "comic bookish" but it backfired. The worse part is at night when it is pith black outside but the scene is so oversaturated with light it seems like its day. They keep switching from high intensity light to soft light for random scenes and the lights seem so bright that the actors were squinting. It shouldn't be that bright that there are dark shadows at night. During the sunset when the lighting was perfect that's the only time when the light was good other than that it was terrible.<br /><br />There were not scares in this film. There was only one time where I did jump but other than that it wasn't scary. There were points were it probably could have been scary but it was so damn light out you could see the Chupacabra approach the man but if it was dark it would have been better. Even the creature design for the Chupacabra was poor it looked good but it was a short man or kid in a jump suit. They didn't hide his face; they showed him with no sense of mystery or any enigmatic appearance. There was a fair amount of gore but it seemed unreal. This movie just wasn't scary that's all.<br /><br />Overall they did Americanize a great South American legend into a blood-thirsty human eater which the Chupacabra isn't. In fact it was scared of people and it only killed goats sheep dogs and deer because it was said that it hated the smell of humans. But then were would the story be? I did not enjoy this film for any reason but I will give them credit for trying to make a good film with good intentions. I would not recommend this film to any horror fan but if you like indie or B-movies you should check this out. Also if you are easily tempted by cult-classics you'd enjoy this film. I didn't I won't see it again but in some deep sedated way I enjoy these kinds of movie just to see what the other side of Hollywood is making.
critique9158 OK first of all who in their right mind would remake Hitchcock and second who would do it shot for shot? I admit I had no intention of ever watching this movie for that very reason. The original Psycho is one of my favorite films ever and this just seemed like a degrading photocopy of it. I did watch it because my girlfriend wanted to compare it to the original and we both agreed less than five minutes into this crap that it was awful. First as mentioned they did it shot for shot. Where's originality? Why remake a movie that is almost perfect EXACTLY the way it was done the first time? Why remake such a movie to begin with? If you ARE going to remake something remake something that doesn't work and make it BETTER!<br /><br />Second they used the exact same script from the 1960 version. The dialog no longer works. It works fine and sounds perfect for the 1960 version but seems odd and stilted coming out of modern actors. Why not update the dialog? Hitch didn't write the script you could have rewritten. <br /><br />This film had some very good talent and they were wasted by imitation of the original actors. The actor who played the car salesman seemed like he was just playing John Anderson's performance as the car salesman in the original. All the actors seemed like the only direction they were given was be the characters from the original movie. Vince Vaughn may have seemed a little creepier than Anthony Perkins but in doing so you loose the sympathy you are supposed to have for Norman. Having Norman masturbate while watching Marion undress was going too far and lost the innocence of the character that I think Tony Perkins captured so well in his performance. Viggo Mortensen's accent was annoying and Rita Wilson was far too old to play Caroline. Her lines came off as someone desperate rather than just young and fun like Patricia Hitchcock's performance. <br /><br />The only good thing I saw about the film was that Gus Van Sant was able to open the movie with the shot Hitch had envisioned. Hitch wanted to open with 1 long shot going over Phoenix but couldn't at the time so he had to settle for a series of shots cross-dissolved together. This film fulfilled that vision with a helicopter shot going into the window of the hotel. After that though the film became a worthless waste of celluloid. <br /><br />If you are curious about how to destroy a wonderful film watch this but do NOT under any circumstances watch this BEFORE you watch the original. This is a faded photocopy of the original and should never have been green-lit. Stick to the master's film not the imitation.
critique9159 Unspeakable starts in Los Angeles with Jim (Roger Cline) & his wife Alice Fhelleps (Tamera Noll) arguing as they drive along in the pouring rain unfortunately Jim crashes the car & his daughter Heather (Leigh Silver) ends up dead while Alice is turned into a wheelchair bound vegetable. Devastated by the death of his daughter Jim starts visiting prostitutes he then kills them because of voices in his head. Erm that's it really.<br /><br />Written produced & directed by Chad Ferrin I hate Unspeakable as a film. There are some films you occasionally see that move the 'goal posts' as it were in regard to everything you watch thereafter some films are so brilliant that all other's will be judged by it while other's like Unspeakable for example are so bad that it sets a new cinematic low. This is truly one of the worst films I've ever seen & I am seriously surprised by the largely positive comments on the IMDb although I'm not surprised the the low overall rating on the main page I not sure if I missed something but for a start Unspeakable has no plot it has no story & a lot of it seems almost random. There was nothing in Unspeakable to maintain my interest or entertain & as a result became a test of endurance to get through to the end. The film tries to be shocking with some limp scenes of sexual abuse of a rent boy by a priest there is a scene in which a disabled person craps herself it splats on the floor & her dodgy male nurse starts feeling her soiled genitals legs & underwear. If anyone can find such crap entertaining then I'll just cut my wrists now the character's are some of the worst I've had the misfortune to know the dialogue is hilariously bad with some it sounding like it came straight from some dirty faggot porno of the worst kind. It doesn't work as a horror as it's not scary in the slightest it's absolutely hilarious & frankly insulting to claim that it is trying to be a serious drama about someone suffering a great loss & attempting to cope with it & overall I just think it's a pointless rubbishy badly made piece of crap from Troma.<br /><br />Director Ferrin films like some badly made documentary the special effects are terrible & are of the 'let's pour tomato ketchup on our actor's face & the audience will be convinced that they died a gory death' variety there is no graphic violence at all apart from a suicide where someone sticks a knife in their own mouth. Considering the amount of prostitutes in Unspeakable the nudity levels are kept to an absolute minimum...<br /><br />Apparently Unspeakable had a budget of about $20000 & all I can say is where did all the money go? Oh a quick note to the filmmakers if your going to record sound live make sure you don't have your actor's deliver their lines next to a main road that half of Los Angeles seem to be driving up... The acting sucks period.<br /><br />Unspeakable is in my opinion total crap. It's probably not the worst I've ever seen but it's right down there & I can't remember seeing such a awful film recently. One to avoid unless your a masochist or insomniac.
critique9160 This movie has to be the worst film of 2007 it was just really bad and i don't think i have ever seen a film that is just so bad i mean the don't make really bad Hollywood films do they?? Hamish really should stick to singing instead of acting cause he just can't act at all god he was just so bad i mean he was that bad in the film that he made Mallika Sherawat look like a better actress than him as for her performance she plays the same role in every movie god it is just so boring watching her i mean what do men see in this woman? yeah she has a god body but where is that talent???? i have not seen it yet and at this rate i don't think that i ever will.<br /><br />Anyway Hamish falls in love with Ria now this 15 year old girl can act my god she was the best actor in the film and she does not look 15 at all to me she looks about 21 but her performance was brilliant in the film. bless her she was really good i hope to see more of her in the future. So Ria falls in love with Himash but her father wants her to marry someone else a typical bollywood film anyways there is a hiccup (can only happen in a bollywood film) and the both get married in the end.<br /><br />Well i would give th music 10/10 it was superb that made the movie a hit the songs were truly amazing and brilliant. anyways the only thing that i can say is to go and buy the music and not watch the film.
critique9161 I loved the original. It was brilliant and always will be. Strangely though I actually looked forward to seeing the re-make. I'm usually a little bit against re-makes because there's far too many of them but somehow this intrigued me. I was really enjoying it to begin with. Caine brilliant as usual and Jude Law managing to hold is own next to him. It was quite clever how it was modernised and it was working. What stops this from being really good is the last seven minutes. It goes completely away from the original so far in fact that is ceases to be clever and just gets annoying. The end in the original was fantastic! So much tension was built up and it was unbelievably clever! This? It grows not in tension but in frustration as it seemed they decided to make Caine's character a homosexual. It was if they were trying far to hard to be different. And then... BANG! Law's dead. Roll Credits. This film is worth the watch simply for the performances but those last seven minutes really do drag it down. What a pity....
critique9162 After the success of Scooby-Doo Where are You they decided to give Scooby and Shaggy their own show. But unfortunately they added a new character that spoilt Scooby-Doo success forever. They invented a new show with a new title Scooby and Scrappy-Doo. It was Scrappy-Doo that made this show a complete failure probably for both adults and kids together. Scrappy was the stupid brave puppy that always looked ready to beat someone up. Scooby and Shaggy were getting scared of the villain and they were also trying to stop him. Scooby-Doo doesn't need any little annoying bastard puppy nephews. If they wanted Scooby-Doo to be more successful they should have either killed or never thought up Scrappy. This was just poor maybe your kids will prefer it!
critique9163 A trite fish-out-of-water story about two friends from the midwest who move to the big city to seek their fortune. They become Playboy bunnies and nothing particularly surprising happens after that. The final 15 minutes are especially cheesy. But at least the Bunnies looked good...
critique9164 FranÃƒÂ§ois Traffaut's "Mississippi Siren" had an unconvincing plot. The screenplay required too much elasticity in suspension of disbelief. The plot went at a glacial pace. It started off in an interesting setting but soon drifted onto the shoals of melodrama that lacked logic or intelligence. What were the critics thinking? This one is overrated even to be described as a loser. Even Catherine Deneuvue who charmed in "The Umbrellas of Cherbourg" and "Belle Doe Jour" managed to be simply annoying. <br /><br />We rented this movie at the same time as we rented another Traffaut film. We watched this one first and found it to be so bad that we sent the other one back unseen at the same time.
critique9165 My God what an incredible movie it is! Reminded me so much of the similar scene in Mel Gibson's movie "We were Soldiers" when "the Company is not lost they're just cut off" And the other scene in Pearl Harbour when the British officer says to Ben Affleck "If all Americans are like you then God help the nation that goes to war with America!<br /><br />Put all 3 movies together and you would have enough BULLSHIT to fertilise the entire Sahara Desert.<br /><br />The story of the cut-off Battalion may be real enough but the movie could have done without all that American preachy jingoistic propaganda attached to it. There were audible groans in the cinema during the above-mentioned scene in Pearl Harbour (no kidding either) The Lost Battalion however is really in a class of its own Ã‚Â….<br /><br />"Americans think they are unbeatableÃ‚Â…inspired braveryÃ‚Â…. " I actually cringed and damn near puked at all the swill being spewed out throughout this diarrhoeic disaster (the movie that is) <br /><br />The fighting scenes were well made (3 stars for that) but if the script is manure then wrapped even in brightly coloured ribbons it is still manure. The writer James Carabatsos also wrote those other screamersÃ‚Â…Hamburger Hill No Mercy  Heartbreak Ridge. Someone please shoot him before he writes any more such garbage.<br /><br />The Director Russell Mulcahy is an Australian too. God the shame!!!
critique9166 I admit it now. This is one of the lamest films ever made. But in Mr Sjogrens defense the "Not really"-scene wasn't all bad! <br /><br />And you gotta love the effort of going all the way to Sweden just to find a sweet Swedish 15 year old blonde have her speak Swedish posing as the Jewish mother of Henry (dennis hopper). <br /><br />What makes this scene so perfect is that Henrys father answers the blonde Swedish-speaking(Jewish?) girl in German... <br /><br />The best actor/actress of all in the film must be the nun who takes care of Henrys mother this is a woman who has had no experience whatsoever of acting but still puts in the most convincing performance of all!<br /><br />All and all this flick is nostalgia for me personally it is after all what gave me a posting on IMDb:s database. :D<br /><br />//Feelin like a movie-star*
critique9167 I had to stop watching this film (a pseudo-intellectual product for pretentious film viewers) twenty minutes into it because it was mediocre and dull enough to inspire yawns not to mention that I was soon near tears over the $3.99 I had wasted at Blockbuster. Joanna Pacula's acting and her awfully rendered Slavic accent are sufficiently terrible to set one to gritting one's teeth. I knew that two hours of her would be two hours too many. Both Breuer and Nietzsche are played by unremarkable actors of strikingly few talents. While we're on the topic of talent Breuer's supercilious assistant appears to have been pulled out of a local acting troupe. She clearly has not learned her craft. In fact she's really quite awful. All the public scenes looked staged with the extras walking mechanically about in their Sunday best. Turning this film off was far more satisfying than turning it on. Don't rent this terrible movie. You will be sorry you spent your money.
critique9168 Here's a horror version of PRISCILLA: QUEEN OF THE DESERT (they wish!) starring Melinda/Mindy (RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD 3) Clarke as Candy a desert dweller who pulls off a bank heist with boyfriend Johnny (Jason Durr). He ends up in a South-of-the-border prison run by the sadistic Chief Screw (an overacting Robert Englund in a toupee). She and her beloved pet poodles end up in hiding at a gas station convent until they're transformed by a newly fallen meteor. The dogs turn into obnoxious drag queen "bitches" and Candy develops a VERY long talking killing forked tongue she can't control. Thugs looking for the stolen loot and other assorted numbskulls add extra complications.<br /><br />First off Clarke is fantastic and makes what there is to make of this movie. You watch her and see someone very funny during the slapstick scenes very convincing during the horror scenes and VERY sexy in various wigs and disguises including an eye-popping skin tight latex bodysuit...and wonder how come this actress isn't a huge star. It's too bad the rest of this cult attempt doesn't live up to her promise.<br /><br />Blame director/scripter Sciamma who thinks the outlandish premise alone is enough to sustain laughs...but his vulgar gags annoying supporting characters and stupid dialogue are no substitute for a real sense of humor. Another nail in the coffin; the film looks cheap lots of garish colors and sets are strangely muted by muddy photography and the dusty desert locales. Luckily for Sciamma that Clarke is in his film because she alone keeps you watching.
critique9169 This film is worth seeing since it is a classic in the sense of being the very first full length film released in the process of three demention. It was not very good in its acting or story plot but can be a great movie quiz question from an historical standpoint. It should be seen in the 3 D process with polarized lenses.
critique9170 The only reason I watched this movie a second time was to learn the name of the "second banana" girl playing opposite Katie Holms. Her name is Marisa Coughlan. Never heard of her before. She is lovely. Captivating. With an animated face and cute bod she is highly watchable... She's got real "Poisenality"... More than a passing vibe of Grace Kelly... with youthful exuberance. I think she is Irish in gene pool (my favorite female DNA) so it makes some sense that she would resemble the most beautiful Irish American. The movie is unremarkable Katie Holms is classic beauty in the flesh. But Marisa Coughlan is the one you follow with your eyes. In 1999 when this movie was made she was around 25 years old in her prime. This reminds me of another silly worthless movie with the only redemption being the Pretty Girl in it. It was "Career Opportunites" with the first time I saw Jennifer Conoly. Or "Grease II" the first time I saw Michelle Pfeiffer.
critique9171 This movie seemed like it was going to be better than it ended up being. The cinematography is good the acting seemed solid the dialogue wasn't too stiff... but then about twenty minutes in there's this long scene with a Doctor who you know is actually a patient at the asylum pretending to be a Doctor - and it just goes south from there.<br /><br />On top of that the demon is about the silliest looking hellspawn since the Godzilla-looking thing in Curse of the Demon. There's also some odd demon worshippers who wear masks that look like the exploding teens from the beginning of Logan's Run.<br /><br />In the end the cinematography couldn't save this movie. Despite some pretty solid performances by the actors the story just doesn't go anywhere. I think "Hellbored" would have been a better title for this.
critique9172 Feeling Minnesota directed by Steven Baigelmann and starring Keanu Reeves Cameron Diaz and Vincent D'Onofrio: The strained relationship between two brothers Sam (D'Onofrio) and Jjaks (Reeves) is pushed to breaking point when Jjaks arrives at Sam's wedding and makes off with the bride Freddie (Diaz) a former stripper marrying Sam to repay a gambling debt owed to night-club owner Red (Lindo). Baigelman's writing and directing debut is a frustrating mess full of hateful characters and lacking coherence. Putting Keanu and Diaz in the same movie should at least provide some eye candy but Baigelman even cops out on that score grudging his actors up with little positive effect. Very poor.
critique9173 For the life of me I cannot get why they would want to make a movie about the "Jerry Springer Show". It's so incrediably trashy. Some ways sadly it's a guilty pleasure. We all have to admit that we've seen at least one episode. It's part of our pop culture. I saw this on USA recently. It's pretty bad. I will admit that. Jerry does a horrible job of what I think he meant as acting. Or something like it. Jamie Pressley is in it. She's playing herself basically. All she needed was her lover boy Kid Rock. It would've been perfect then. So I would recommend skipping "Ringmaster". Just watch the "Jerry Springer Show". It's more enjoyable than this.<br /><br />2/10
critique9174 I went to see this film at the cinema on the strength of its potentially interesting subject matter good cast a director who had previously done the highly-rated "Once Were Warriors" and my liking for noir-ish films set in L.A. in the Forties and Fifties. I would argue that I am reasonably easy to please in this film category; I appreciate the classics of the genre but I will sit through and enjoy a half-decent if derivative effort as well. However I found this film completely unbearable.<br /><br />Despite a good situation in which to place the story nobody seems to do or say anything remotely interesting or entertaining in the whole two-hours plus of this sorry mess. Good actors are wasted in endless scenes of dialogue ranging from banal to embarrassing. The narrative is slack and drags unbearably and none of the events it depicts is handled well enough to do anything other than bore the audience to death. There is no drama no atmosphere no tension absolutely no entertainment value and by the end I simply didn't care what happened because I did not believe in anything in the film.<br /><br />L.A. Confidential came out a year later and regardless of whether one version of the story is more true-to-life the latter film deservedly gets all the plaudits for its excellence in every department. Mulholland Falls by contrast fails in every department a fact made all the more tragic by the amount of talent involved. If they ever show this on a plane I will still walk out.
critique9175 First off to get my own personal feelings out of the way let me start by saying that I hate so called comedies where every single character is written and played as being so stupid that you wounder if they're all the result of inbreeding.<br /><br />Now I will say this I did see the first three American Pie movies and while they weren't the most amazing movies that I'd ever seen they were all right (and outright masterpieces compared to the three "American Pie Presents" films) I still feel compelled to ask what the hell were they thinking when they made this movie?<br /><br />I also have a few other questions too.<br /><br />Who thought that this was an acceptable use of studio funds and production resources? <br /><br />who approved the final script (and what was that person smoking when they approved it)? <br /><br />And lastly why did anyone think that it deserved to be released into theaters where the average cost of admission is between 10 and 15 dollars depending on where you live when it should have gone straight to the discount bin at Blockbuster or Wal Mart?<br /><br />There is so much wrong with this movie that I can't write a really comprehensive review of it because it would exceed the maximum allowed words on this forum so I'll just touch on the biggest things wrong with it.<br /><br />The plot is generic uninspired and stupid and characters are all about as interesting as watching paint dry for eighty minutes but the biggest thing that I can see wrong with this movie is the acting.<br /><br />While most of the cast are talentless no namers who will probably be forgotten in a few years<br /><br />the one and only big name in this movie is Eugene Levy who spends almost all of the time he is on screen with this knowing smirk on his face that says to the viewer "I know this isn't funny and I'm wasting my talents but hey I'm getting payed for it so who cares" he doesn't even try to make any of his jokes funny (he really deserves better than this garbage). <br /><br />As I mentioned above most of the rest of the cast are horrible even though some of them have been in some really great TV shows Tyrone Savage (from the classic Canadian series Wind At My Back) plays a character who is so unbearable unlikeable and irritating (there are things that he could teach to tropical skin diseases)that you almost wish he'd die a slow and painful death on screen Christopher McDonald (NCIS Law & Order) just hangs around on screen and wastes what talent he does have by being in this film.<br /><br />Maybe the next film in this series will just be a soft core porn with a story line so they can get around the MPAA and get an R rating this movie goes all out with pointless nudity vulgarity and pointlessly offencive sexual content that it should have gotten the X rating (the ratings board must have been drunk or on drugs when they reviewed this film for its rating). <br /><br />It's interesting that twenty five years ago when Wes Craven submitted A Nightmare On Elm Street to the MPAA for a rating review they forced him to cut twenty five seconds of footage (I believe that it was part of a death scene that had a silicone casting of a breast in it) to avoid getting an X rating and he had no other choice but to do it or the film wouldn't have been released <br /><br />but this kind of needlessly offensive trash can get the R rating today because it's all done in the name of comedy if this movie was a drama or horror film with this kind of content there would have been a huge stink over the content and it would havegotten the dreaded X rating.<br /><br />The last thing that really annoys me is the writing this movie is written to play out like the wet dream of some twelve year old kid with an extremely overactive sexual imagination its quite juvenile and extraordinarily crass nearly every expository situation that is supposed to move the corpse that this movie calls a plot along is so telegraphed that any intelligent viewer can see it coming a mile away and and the so called characters are just stereotypes of stereotypes of stereotypes never mind the often repulsive sexual references and constant unnecessary scenes of deviant sexual behavior it feels like this film was written by some incompetent first year hack in a low rent film school script writing class.<br /><br />the long and short of it is its time to kill this series before it gets any stupider more crass and offensive this pie is filled with road apples.
critique9176 I was really looking forward to watching this film. It had all the ingredients of a great tongue in cheeker but it just didn't come together AT ALL. Kevin Spacey's accent was tolerable except that sometimes he forgot to use it and I would rather NOT have had to listen to Linda Fiorentino's pale attempt. She and Helen Baxendale were totally lacking in charm and personality thankfully their screen kids had loads so you could find at least some members of his 2 families endearing. You could have strained spaghetti with the plot and I'm sure that the script was written by some adolescent schoolboy in a high school English competition. That said when I wasn't cringing I was smirking so it wasn't a totally wasted 90 minutes. I did find the superimposing of Kevin's face on the painting very clever and quite funny. Maybe I'm being a bit harsh but I was expecting a bit of quality viewing and it just never came.
critique9177 Though the title includes the word "zombies" this film is not what you'd expect from a movie made today though for 1936 the concept is played out about as well as would probably be expected. Dean Jagger portrays Armand Louque an officer in the French Army of World War I who has stumbled upon an ancient tale of soldiers turned into automatons or "zombies" who are impervious in battle and may hold the key to victory in the war though on whose side is not certain. At first he has trouble convincing his superiors of this phenomenon but eventually French General Duval (George Cleveland) orders a non military expedition into the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find the secret of the zombies and destroy it.<br /><br />The story is played out against the backdrop of a love triangle involving Louque Duval's daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland) all a part of the expedition. When Louque laments over his lack of forcefulness and resolve Grayson offers him advice to go after what he wants in life with all his power. That advice begins to transform Louque particularly after he's successful in obtaining a stone tablet resembling a photo from the ancient city. Having followed a temple priest into a swamp Louque now appears to hold the secret he had been seeking though it's not made clear how he has instantaneously been able to command the power of "zombiefication". All it takes is placing his right fist to the forehead simulating a third eye and casting his thoughts out to those he wishes to control. This comes in handy for winning back his girl and taking Grayson's early advice as he comments to his servant "Buna we're learning to be ruthless".<br /><br />Fans of early "B" horror flicks will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi's signature eye stare plucked from the 1932 film "White Zombie" also from director Victor Halperin. Of the two movies "White Zombie" is preferably superior both in story content and in it's depiction of the undead where the zombies have a more sinister appearance and are more threatening. In "Revolt" the zombies are enemy soldiers with a glazed over look that merely react to their mentor's commands. In fact the actual revolt of the title occurs only when Louque releases the soldiers from his mental command in deference to his love for Claire; they overrun his compound and kill him in the process.<br /><br />Not to be too harsh on the film it plays out decently within the parameters of it's story outline but if you're thinking "zombies!!!" within the traditional context you'll probably be disappointed. If you want to sample an early treatment of the subject the aforementioned "White Zombie" with Bela Lugosi is the way to go.
critique9178 My first review of 2010 is "Into The Blue 2: The Reef". The story is about two divers played by Chris Carmack and Laura Vandervoort who love to explore hidden treasures at a bottom of a local reef. One day after a day of exploring they are approached by a couple played by David Anders and Marsha Thomason. They tell the young divers that they want to hire them to explore the reef and find a rare artifact about Columbus' hidden treasure that is reported at the bottom of the reef.<br /><br />Next day the four dive to the bottom of the reef and of coarse after a whole day of diving they find nothing. A few more days past and the two hired divers found out that they a part of a major deadly plot in which they can't escape otherwise they will be killed. They were hired to find two big containers. One contains a nuclear reactor and the other contains a core.<br /><br />The movie also has a back story about another person (brother of the lead character) trying to patch things up with his girlfriend I reckon this part of the story was a waste of time this also includes a very steamy sex scene between the couple which to me is a complete waste and wasn't needed to be shown.<br /><br />However apart from that this movie does have some good underwater photography and the colors blend in well which is why it receives 4 stars. Into The Blue 2 is a sequel only by name. None of the original actors or characters return it has a dumb plot stupid characters and a boring climax.
critique9179 Comedy? What's so funny about watching an ugly deadbeat alcoholic attending 6 sessions (by the time I turned it off) of alchoholics anonymous? Set off by a woeful script of grunts and mumbles and drunken slurrings. Served up with lashings of Hollywood's religious "God will Save you" redemption drivel Another Reviewer mentioned the "Sassy dialogue" of Tea Leone - well I managed to watch nearly an hour of this boring film and I still haven't seen any sassy yet - in fact my 80 year old grandmother has more amusing comebacks than Tea's character in this rubbish. Tea is more stony faced and shows less emotion than Keanu - in fact one wonders if she too isn't addicted to something - maybe botox her face is so wooden? Save yourself from being killed with boredom from this film.
critique9180 Robin Williams is excellent in this movie and it is a pity the material is not enough of a match for him. This may work if you buy into the "U-S-A! Number One!" mentality but story wise nothing much happens. Quite a shame really since the movie is really trying to say something and says it sincerely. It just doesn't pack enough emotional punch.
critique9181 This was the third remake of SLEEPING WITH THE ENIEMY After YAARANA(1995) and AGNISAKSHI(1996)<br /><br />AGNISAKSHI was the only one which worked and was a better film<br /><br />DARAAR is directed by Abbas Mustan who sadly failed in their attempt here<br /><br />the story was good but the handling wasn't that good and the heroine was shown too regressive and the climax too was disappointing<br /><br />Direction is bad Music is good<br /><br />Rishi reprises his role of YAARANA(strangely which also was a remake of SWTE) and looks too fat for the lead and is okay Juhi is decent while Arbaaz tries too hard in his debut and does manage in many scenes to chill the audiences but his voice was terrible Johny is too loud
critique9182 - Contains miner spoilers - <br /><br />I have seen a number of decent Indie horror films such as The Hamiltons The Boys Love Mandy Lane and Cabin Fever; unfortunately I felt Five Across the Eyes does not fall into this category. From start to finish the film is plagued with amateurish acting resonating from a very poor script god only knows why the writer(s) thought dialogue such as "No don't go out there; don't go out there she'll get you: if she gets you she'll kill you and if she kills you you're dead" is of movie quality.<br /><br />This film displays very little character development and to be honest I couldn't care less about what pain and torture was inflicted upon them as they are just a group of ditsy college girls who show almost no redeeming qualities'. All they do is cry and whinge throughout the entire movie and if the girls aren't crying their arguing; when they do converse the topics are completely random: about dating boys or how one of the girls father was recently cremated (appropriate subjects when you're being chased by a psychotic killer).<br /><br />The soundtrack is also abysmal exhibiting corny techno music during both the start and end credits (although hearing the credit music knowing the end was nearing seemed like heaven).<br /><br />The camera-work is appalling and at times makes the film unwatchable. I'm guessing due to having little or no budget the director was limited to just one digital camera which resides in the girls' car almost the entire movie. I think this was an effort to stick the audience as close to the action as possible: to feel and experience what the girls are going through. But due to a very shaky camera grainy picture and being too close to the action it can be hard to tell what is going on during action scenes and is simply chaotic. It's one thing to make a film subjective but it's another to have action on the screen that an audience can't decipher because of the poor cinematography.<br /><br />I understand that Five Across the Eyes is a low budget indie film but that does not excuse the extremely poor quality. There are no redeeming factors to this film: bad acting poor scripting shoddy camera-work and no story. In light off all this I decided to give the film 1 out of 10 as it left me very disappointed; wanting a meteor to hit the earth bringing me sweet relief. Its 94 minutes off stupid college girls crying arguing aimlessly running and having random inappropriate conversations. However how many times do you get to see girls defecating into their hands and throwing the crap onto the windscreen of a chasing car.
critique9183 I rented this TV movie version of 'Troilus and Cressida' out of my library last thursday and simply could not believe my eyes. Where should I begin? no effort was made to make the play look remotely like it was about the Trojan war all the actors were wearing Elizabethan dress. Moreover most of the actors were too old and horribly miscast - Aeneas (with his white beard) looked older than Nestor Troilus was at least 30 Hector looked like a Spanish pirate Ajax was badly played anyway and Thersites was a transvestite.<br /><br />Likewise the action is poor the duel between Ajax and Hector is short and amateurish the camera angle focuses more on Nestor's face so we can only see what is going on in the background which is frustrating in itself. Nor is the 'battle' at the end given it's due respect. We do not see Troilus and Diomedes fight nor anyone else for that matter Paris and Menelaus just seem to mud wrestle in front of Thersites. Even Patroclus death was omitted. All this was a major disappointment considering I waded through a very dull 2 and a half hours of BBC costume drama to get to that point.<br /><br />Nonetheless it wasn't all bad. I thought the Incredible Orlando as Thersites and John Shrapnel as Hector were well played even if they didn't look quite right. I'd say the same about Kenneth Haigh as Achilles since he didn't have the striking countenance and was a bit dry at times. SPOILER: The climax at the end - the death of Hector - was perhaps the best part of the film Achilles' dialogue here is excellent and sums up the attitude of a cold seasoned murderer. However the gruesomeness of the scene (when Achilles stamps on what was Hector's head)sets it apart anyway.<br /><br />Charles Gray as Pandarus was delightful as a sleazy old pervert and I thought the actress playing Cressida did an OK job. The war-mongering Troilus however was annoying and I think that the play would have been better perhaps if he had been murdered by Achilles instead of a peacenik like Hector.<br /><br />Conclusion? OK but could have been better if it had had a younger cast and costumes that at least attempted to look Ancient Grecian not to mention the lack of action. 5/10
critique9184 Computer savvy John Light (as John Elias) goes from Stanford drop-out to successful young Dotcom-era tycoon. But Mr. Light's sneering success could be short-lived with partners like ambitious Jeffrey Donovan (as Robert Jennings). Mr. Donovan used to bed down with Light's girlfriend Megan Dodds (as Lisa Forrester). Donovan wants Light to know that binge drinking and casual sex don't have to end in college. After reading a naughty Internet sex session Ms. Dodds shines Light on. He may lose is "Digital Dreams" Internet empire too! Veterans unsuccessfully trying to lending dramatic gravitas include red lollipop-sucking Mia Farrow (as Anna Simmons) and quick-drawing computer-hating Hal Holbrook (as Tom Walker). Ms. Farrow looks sweet with her lollipops.<br /><br />*** Purpose (2/21/02) Alan Lazar ~ John Light Jeffrey Donovan Mia Farrow
critique9185 I love a good sappy love story (and I'm a guy) but when I rented "Love Story" I prayed for the end to come as quickly and painlessly as possible and just the opposite for Ali McGraw's character.<br /><br />Ali McGraw as Jenny alienated and irritated the heck out of me within the first 15 minutes. When we learn that she has been diagnosed with a life threatening illness I couldn't help but wonder if her death would be such a terrible loss for poor Oliver or if anyone watching this film would even care. If she didn't die her grating personality would probably have pushed Oliver over the edge and eventually landed them in divorce court.<br /><br />People love this movie but it's one of the worst of the 70's.
critique9186 I'm a big Porsche fan and the car was the best star in this film.<br /><br />Haim the now dried up drug abusing child star of the 80's is bland as per usual and commenting on back up from minor characters/actors would be pointless; needless to say they were all very average. It's a cool movie as a trip down memory lane into the 80's - with some weird clothes some good shots of the Colorado backdrop and a very harmless albeit mind numbing plot.<br /><br />All in all please don't waste your time watching this unless you love 80's movies Corey Haim or like myself love old school Porsches (this one in particular looks great) because life's too short to watch crappy movies.
critique9187 One: Richard Pryor and Jackie Gleason two great comics turned into saps for a bratty kid. They've both sold themselves out in this one worse than Pryor's character. Two: Horrible overly sentimental script that could have been used in a Harold Lloyd movie its so cliched. Three: Choice of a black actor as the toy; the racial subtext of this is unbearable as its never addressed. There's no message here Pryor's part could have been played by any comedic actor. Four: That kid...I wish I could go back in time and prevent him from ever acting...that would mean movies like this one and Kid Co. might not have been made...and my childhood would have been free of their mind-warping power. So if you want to watch a couple of great comics defile themselves in a sickly sweet kiddie flick go ahead. If you want to see them in something good see Pryor's old standup act and Gleason in something better like the Honeymooners.
critique9188 Feeling Minnesota is one of the worst films I have ever seen it is also one of the most disgusting films ever made. It has to do with a woman who is forced to marry a disgusting mob man. At the wedding she meets his brother Jjaks. They have sex in the house after they eat the cake than decide to run away together. The other brother of course comes after him guns blazing and he kills his wife. Jjaks wakes up to find her corpse in the bathtub and buries her. He than seems to become friends with Jjaks and they try to get money together because someone is blackmailing them because he saw them and the body. This loops about and several characters dies or come back to life but it never comes together with anything that could be called a good plot. The performances are horrible by pretty much everybody. Cameron Diaz Keanu Reeves and Dan Akroyed. The direction dialogue and visual effects are just horrible. A disgusting and horrible movie.
critique9189 National Lampoon Goes to the Movies (1981) is simply put the worst movie ever made far lamer than even the inept "Plan 9 from Outer Space."<br /><br />The Lampoon film is told in three segments each one supposedly a spoof of a conventional movie genre but each one landing at our feet with a sickening thud. There is no rhyme or reason for these execrable vignettes and no discernible story lines.<br /><br />Another reviewer on this site has written that the only good points about the film are the nude scenes. True Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry do flash a bit of flesh and very nice it is too. But the directors seem not to realize that even T&A needs a good story to surround it. There's none of that here.<br /><br />Probably the worst of the three segments is the last one featuring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark. Here we see Benson as a young eager-beaver policeman being paired with a cynical oldtimer played by Widmark. And for just a moment those of us who are still watching this odious cinematic exercise are heartened by the thought that we are about to see a redemptive tale about how the young idealistic cop brings about a purifying change in the old-timer's approach to police work. But no such luck. As we've said this film has no redeeming values. It is sickening all the way to the final fade-out -- which perversely is stretched out longer than it should last on the screen. Apparently the film makers knew they had a bad thing going and wanted to make the least of it.
critique9190 This film seems to be a rip off of many movies that have dealt with the same subject in the past. Let the future viewer be forewarned that "Art Heist" doesn't add anything to the genre. Director Bryan Goeres has no clue what to do with the film.<br /><br />William Baldwin keeps reappearing in films and frankly one wonders if he has a great agent or is it that directors and producers love his unusual goofy looks complimented by that strange hairdo he sports in most of his movies. The only good movie in which he has appeared is "The Squid and the Whale" in which he only speaks two or three lines. Ellen Pompeo his leading lady doesn't fare much better; there is no chemistry between Ms. Pompeo and Mr. Baldwin.<br /><br />A movie to be seen at the viewer's own risk.
critique9191 Starts really well nice intro and build up for the main characters but after about 5 minutes the charm is lost.<br /><br />The character is in the same mould as the main protagonist from American Pie and Loser without the supporting cast or innovative storyline that made the Pie movies more of a commercial success.<br /><br />Let's be honest - Heder's acting was pretty poor. Keaton Daniels and Faris did their best but had no substantial plot or script to get their teeth into The movie just plods on without any pace or clear logical storyline justifying its length.<br /><br />The ending is about as predictable as they come - so predictable I've ticked the spoilers box for this one line.<br /><br />My advice: avoid at all costs unless you really really have nothing else to do/listen to or watch and even then you'll feel the producers just cheated you out of an hour and a half of your life.
critique9192 I am not an artistically inclined individual. I am a science minded woman and I felt that this movie was maybe one of those campy artsy type films on a budget. I watched part of it with my fiancÃƒÂ© and my future step daughter. We tried very hard to find something in this film to keep our interest. My fiancÃƒÂ© and his daughter voted it off and we moved on to Ocean's 13but that is another story. Not to be deterred I awoke the next morning and gave the movie another shot. I began again watching this movie in earnest. I just don't get itI thought I would get it.I thought the funniest part was the flushing of the ashes and the urn finding a spot by the fireplace being used as a vase for what appeared to be dead flowers. Interesting and still it had dead stuff inside. It was an odd and bizarre movie. Maybe this is what they were afterhowever I won't be tricked a second time!
critique9193 I could barely keep myself from either nodding off or just turning off this turd but I decided to stick it out if only for the reasoning that maybe *something* would happen. This is the work of a writer/producer/director/special fx Kenneth Herts who wants to make a statement on ecological damage while making a monster movie. That's what he wanted anyway. What it turns out to be is a lot of acting either slightly hammy or just mundane and without much merit and scenes that seem to repeat themselves as the monster ATTACKS in the river waters (oh and what luck a woman just happens to be naked in it... even though there have already been DISAPPEARANCES!) <br /><br />This is just nonsensical stuff but I suppose it's not too harmful; it's not very obnoxious at the least and once or twice we get a semi-interesting peek at Brazilian "culture" (which is the father walking through town with his flock or other pieces of a semblance of 'hey this is NOT America!'). But whatever hope the director had in casting Mitchum or Carradine is squandered on at best pedestrian and at worst excruciatingly banal and dumb dialog. It doesn't help that when we finally get something of a good look at the monster and the "action" happens it too is stupidly staged and with only sleazy appeal. Usually I would feel sorry for a filmmaker who had a lot of problems getting a particular picture finished- in this case it took the better part of the mid 70s- but with Monstroid or Monster or whatever it's called... nah.<br /><br />If you happen to get the Elvira DVD double-feature of this (bad print with bad transfer quality) with Blue Sunshine make sure to skip this one. Unless of course you're an Elvira die-hard and can't help yourself to hear her luscious commentary; personally I'd rather get Joel or Mike Nelson with the robots from Mystery Science Theater on this roast turkey.
critique9194 Remember the good ol' animated batman show from the 90's? The one that people praised? The one that people of all ages could all appreciate? The one that showed batman as a real detective instead of the Hulk in a bat suit? The one that had villains you could relate to? The one that had villains with real motives?<br /><br />Well clearly Warner Bros. doesn't. Hence this dreck.<br /><br />Honestly do these people know anything about batman? Have they even looked at a batman comic before? Do they know Batman's meant to be a 'detective'? Putting together 2 clues does not make you a detective! That makes you a slightly intelligent monkey!<br /><br />This is the basic layout for an episode:<br /><br />Penguin steals something. 'Opening credits'. Batman finds dead giveaway of where he is. Batman goes there and get's into trouble. Commercial. Batman finds obvious/ stupid way out of it. Penguin escapes. Penguin does something obvious again. Batman follows. They do kung-fu (by the way everyone and i mean EVERYONE know's kung-fu for some reason). Batman punch's penguin. he get's knocked out. goes to arkham. (Note: it's usually a different villain every episode)<br /><br />Well as you may have noticed from that Batman's not a great detective. "Joker left this piece of cotton candy on the ground maybe he's at the old amusement park"! Yeah maybe he was there the last 6 times.<br /><br />And I've already mentioned this but EVERYONE KNOWS KUNG-FU! EVEN PENGUIN! what where they thinking? (probably because it's from the people who made that Jackie Chan animated series)<br /><br />What's really upsetting is that the show is just action. No smarts. None. If batman needs think he'll use technology then do some kung-fu.<br /><br />But hey let's not forget the villains. Afterall what would batman be without his rogues gallery?<br /><br />Well first off I gotta say kudos for originality. I don't think other batman media would have envisioned joker and a dread-locked monkey man riddler like an emo and poison ivy as a minor (which is kind of confusing when you think about isn't her sexuality meant to be her main strength?)<br /><br />What's even more crap however is that every character is now a 2-Dimensional stereotypical crook.<br /><br />E.G.<br /><br />Killer Croc wants to flood Gotham for no reason.<br /><br />Man-Bat is a power hungry mad scientist who is obsessed with bats for some unexplained reason.<br /><br />Penguin just wants to steal everything. For no reason.<br /><br />noticing a pattern here?<br /><br />But the most insulting has got to be Mr Freeze.<br /><br />Do you remember the Emmy award winning 'Heart of Ice' episode from Batman: The Animated Series? The one that gave Mr Freeze motives for his crimes? The episode that was so good that it was used in the comics over his original back story (mad scientist)? The one that made him a victim with a goal? Hell even Batman & Robin acknowledged that using that as Mr Freezes origin in that P.O.S. movie.<br /><br />Well this series says "F#ck that" and makes Mr Freeze a jewelry robber before his accident with only wealth in his mind then gets frozen and gives him the power to make things cold. He then continues to steal jewels for no reason while saying sh!t lines like "Have an ice day".<br /><br />Maybe they did watch Batman &Robin after all.<br /><br />But hey look on the bright side. This series makes you feel nothing for the villains so that means that you're a good person. Good for you.
critique9195 Where to begin there's so much wrong and horrible about this movie I am not sure where to start. Okay the two stooges who wrote this crapper. Joseph Green and Rex Carlton first they couldn't make up their so-called minds for a name. My guess they split the difference that's why the main title is BRAIN THAT WOULDN'T DIE but the end screen says HEAD THAT WOULDN'T DIE. Neither one knows anything about the Medical profession. After all Doctors take oaths to "do no harm". Killing a woman for a head transplant would be considered "harm". Plus a little thing called blood and tissue matching. Rejection would spell death for Jan in the pan. Plus who keeps a patch work monster. What medical school did Bill graduate from FRANKENSTIEN UNIVERSITY? Old FU or MAD SCIENTIST TECH? The monster had no name that bugs the hell out of me. Plus the brilliant surgeon Doctor Bill Cortner doesn't know how to keep a patient sedated? All and all a disaster of a movie it's incredibly stupid and unwatchable except on MST3K. I give it THE THANKSGIVING TURKEY.
critique9196 I'm sure I saw FUTURE KILL for the same reason as most people: the awesome poster by HR Giger. And like everyone else I was disappointed to find that the movie could not live up to the poster (Giger said that director Moore actually begged him to do it). When I first saw this at the age of 14 I thought it was the worst movie ever made. I'd still think that if I hadn't seen certain movies on MST3K since then.<br /><br />The plot has a bunch of annoying college boys driving into the "mutant city" to kidnap a gang-leader for their fraternity. That's when they meet Splatter (Ed Neal) a mutant/cyborg/psycho who kills the gang leader and blames it on the frats as an excuse to hunt them down and seize power. The rest of the movie consists mostly of chases. A hand-full of frats try to battle their way out of mutant city (which I think is supposed to be LA even though it was made in Texas). There's some pseudo-political stuff about the frat boys' society being pro-nuclear weapons and the mutant-society being anti-nuke. There's talk of how Splatter became a freak due to radiation. Most people develop cancer from radiation but splatter just shoots spikes and slaughters girls. Yeah that makes tons of sense. At one point our heroes rescue a mutant girl from two pro-nuke police and she shows them "how the other half lives." The other half it turns out are all punk kids who dance around to a bad 80s pop-band. So our little epic is both dumb and dated. That's really all there is to it. Frat boys running around in messed up buildings while guys who look like bikers try to kill them... Oh and it's the future.<br /><br />I don't think you'll have any doubt about why Ron W. Moore never made another movie. This thing is a real stinker. If you like Giger buy his books (they have the poster without the horrors of the movie) or just watch ALIEN again. FUTURE KILL is a waste of time that nobody needs.<br /><br />If this description makes the picture sound good there's another crappy movie that does the same thing only bigger and better: AFTER THE FALL OF NEW YORK. It's crap but it blows FUTURE KILL off the screen.
critique9197 I saw this movie for 2 reasons--I like Gerard Butler and Christopher Plummer. Unfortunately these poor men were forced to carry a pretty dumb movie. I liked the idea that Dracula is actually a reincarnation of Judas Iscariot because it does explain his disdain for all things Christian but there was so much camp that this idea was not realized as much as it could have been. I see this movie more as a way for the talented Gerard Butler to pay his dues before being truly recognized and a way for the legendary Christopher Plummer to remind the public (me and the 5 other people who saw this film) that he still exists. I actually enjoyed the special features on the DVD more than the movie itself.
critique9198 There is not much to say about this one except that it is probably the worst of the early spate of zombie movies (I may get to watch another one REVOLT OF THE ZOMBIES 1936 before the month is out). For all star John Carradine's intention of building an army in the service of the Third Reich with them they are not seen to do much at all!; James Baskett (Uncle Remus from SONG OF THE SOUTH 1946!) plays their leader who also serves as Carradine's manservant. Black comic Mantan Moreland reprises his 'fraidy cat' chauffeur role from KING OF THE ZOMBIES (1941) as does the exotically named Madame Sul-Te-Wan as Carradine's housekeeper. Unfortunately for Carradine his supreme achievement Ã‚Â– the zombification of his wife Ã‚Â– brings him all sorts of trouble: not only do her relatives turn up at his remote abode/lab to inquire into her sudden death (which means he has to fake a funeral service!) but she actually proves disobedient and indignant eventually 'persuading' her fellow zombies to rise against their master!! Also involved is cowboy star Bob Steele (still best-known for his bit in Howard Hawks' THE BIG SLEEP 1946) who plays a U.S. secret agent posing as a Nazi posing as a Sheriff! Thankfully director Sekely would have much better luck with his next genre effort THE DAY OF THE TRIFFIDS (1962).
critique9199 I am not sure why I like Dolph Lundgren. I guess seeing him on screen makes me feel that anyone who works hard can succeed regardless of talent. That is a good feeling for all of us who lack talent. Some of the other reviews point out how dumb Detention is but many neglect to point out the positives. <br /><br />Any movie where at least one annoying teenager gets killed can't be all bad. Why do so many movies that have a cast of teens always need to include the stereotypical teens? Aren't there any other kind of teens? Does every group of teens have one angry black guy? One genius nerd that nobody likes? One slutty girl who is very friendly and (in this movie) pregnant? One disturbed anti-social white kid from a broken home who everyone agrees is talented (but what is the talent?). And one laid-back black kid who is in tune with the Universe and so cool that all the other neurotic kids trust him. Then add a couple of generic expendable teens of any color. They don't say much but get shot at some point. <br /><br />Detention would have been better if the bad guys had gotten to blow up the school. Preferably with the writers inside. The dialogue is bad and the plot is worse. When the bad guys (and girl) finally hijack a van full of drugs then they sit inside the van making out. They drive the van to the school because they want to re-paint the van at the school's paint shop but they never get around to re-painting the van. By the way it would have been easier to just put all the drugs in another car or two cars or another van or a truck and drive away without repainting the Police Van. They also never move the drugs or sell them or do anything else with the big score. <br /><br />For some reason they decide they have to kill the kids and the teacher (Dolph Lundgren) even though when the villains take over the school nobody is remotely aware of it because it is after school hours. The handful of people still in the school have nothing to do with painting vehicles so why go after them? <br /><br />Anyhow the best part of this movie is that the villains are all armed with numerous machine guns and they keep finding the teens (including a guy in a wheel chair) and they keep shooting hundreds of bullets at the teens and usually miss. Towards the end of the movie there is some bloodshed. For every time someone gets shot there must be at least three hundred bullets fired that miss. The stunts are pretty bad. <br /><br />I read one of the reviews that says that this movie had a budget of $10 Million and I am amazed. When I saw the movie I figured maybe Lundgren had done it as some kind of charity work for some film school where he is the teacher. Like maybe this movie was their end of the year exam. It was a test to watch it but I passed.
critique9200 This sci-fi adventure is not the best and by no means the worst. I agree with the statement that bad sci-fi is comical. Bizarre pink tinting and unusual special effects make this a favorite for the late late late show viewers. Space explorers on the planet Mars fight off strange giant amoeba-like monsters and other strange creatures. Pretty cool.<br /><br />The cast includes Les Tremayne Naura Hayden Gerald Mohr and Jack Kruschen. Get comfy and enjoy. Don't feel bad if you nod off for a moment. I agree with adding this to the list of cult classics to not miss.
critique9201 This was the first Chan film made by Monogram. What a come down from Fox values and standards! I was shocked when I saw my first Monogram after seeing the great Fox films. This is boring and uninspired with wild music playing as Chan calmly walks across the street. Chan is now working for the US Secret Service rather than the Honolulu Police Department. He is assisted by Benson Fong who plays No. 3 Son Tommy for the first time. He also has a daughter along Iris Chan played by Marianne Quon. Mantan Moreland also makes his debut as Birmingham Brown. He is a cab driver in Washington DC here rather than the later chauffeur to Chan in the later films.
critique9202 ...but you can see it from here.<br /><br />I definitely don't understand why anyone would recommend this movie. Not a bit of plot not suspenseful not well-made. No point to having made it really.<br /><br />Completely forgettable in ever way.
critique9203 Unhinged follows the typical plot of the early 80's slasher trend. Pretty Young Girls In Peril. I have to give it up for the filmmaker who used a helicopter for some of the early road-trip shots you actually think for a second there's going to be quality in the production. Watching "Unhinged" was like seeing an amateur acting class go through it's warm-up. Some of the most awkward badly lit overlong scenes are played out with the gusto of a Valium overdose. I wondered why they didn't just put the cue-cards on camera so the actresses wouldn't have to constantly shift their gaze. The two main girls were obviously chosen for their T&A factor rather than talent. Laurel Munson as the main chick Terry is as exciting as watching paint dry. Two nude scenes make for an adolescent thrill. Janet Penner and Virginia Settle as the crazy/creepy daughter and mother the chicks find themselves stranded with compete for Worst Acting Ever. Long pauses weird expressions emphasis on the wrong word it's all there and is a delight for those of us out there who love bad films. The scenes shift suddenly with long black-outs you could drive a Mack truck through. Cartoon lightning crashes across shots without even bothering to show the sky. Eighties eyeshadow assaults the viewer. But ya know it grew on me. I felt sorry for it. I wanted to hug it kiss it's boo-boos and make it better. The ending doesn't make up for the damage it's caused but I grinned anyway. I have my own theories regarding the whole "banned" hype and hope that anyone who chooses to view this film does so with substantial substance abuse and a sense of humor. Otherwise pass.
critique9204 I picked out this DVD out of the cheepo bin at Walmart because the cover showed one of the planes I flew during Viet-Nam (C-123k). I did not fly for Air America but knew being a C-123 pilot I knew a lot who did including those who flew in my Reserve Unit back home. I am not a movie critic but wonder about the subliminal motivation of Directors and Writers who make movies like this. The best part of this movie has to go to the cameraman. The flying shots and stunts (although totally cartoon like) are excellent. The movie begins with Hollywood's favorite fall guy in 1969. But the fact is Nixon did not start Air America he did not begin the lies. Johnson was responsible for Air America and Nixon inherited the lies the war and Air America. Its not fair or accurate to portray Nixon as a liar on the subject of Air America. All President's have inherited the lies of their predecessors. Nobody smart enough to fly a C-123 was dumb enough to not know what they were joining. That makes the Downey character unbelievable. A C-123 was a rugged airplane. It could easily fly on one engine or the two auxiliary jet engines. The three stooges shooting a duck with one shot is more likely. Pilots who flew with Air America were civilian employees of the CIA they were not reckless soldiers of fortune. They had a good reason to behave and believe in a future if they survived their extremely dangerous job. They were given double time towards a retirement pension. They weren't required to sell dope or guns to get a good pension. Dope was legal and a way of life in SEA as it still is today in Afganistan. If individual pilots tried to make money on the side it was not CIA policy. The CIA was fighting a war on communism not drugs. The writer based his story on "war stories". Pilots love to BS anybody who will buy them a beer and listen. The writer and Director who had an ax to grind about Viet-Nam and Nixon. See the movie and remember how it starts - it blames Nixon for what existed for years. Remember he didn't become President until Jan 20 1969.<br /><br />My favorite scene is the landing up hill in the jungle. Air America pilots put planes in places the aircraft designers never thought possible. Their were plenty of funny stories that could have been shown. Instead the Director chose to use the oversize rubber scene to show how dumb the CIA was. This scene shows that the Director and writer fell for some pilot bar talk and the joke is on them. <br /><br />MDS Fort Valley Virginia.
critique9205 Anemic comedy-drama an unhappy seemingly rushed affair featuring Cher as a woebegone housewife who slowly makes friends with the hit-man who's been hired to kill her by her husband. Chazz Palminteri as the talkative hired gun adapted the screenplay from his own play with stagy set-ups and back-and-forth dialogue that quickly tires the eye and ear. An air of gloom hangs over the entire project and director Paul Mazursky can't get Cher out of her perpetual funk (she's listless). Despite all the top talent (including Robert De Niro as one of the producers) "Faithful" is fraudulent with no substance to the story and characters who rarely come to life. *1/2 from ****
critique9206 I'm allowed to write 1000 words about this film but one word could suffice: bizarre. Hubby and I didn't laugh so much as gawk at this truly dreadful movie. We kept looking at each other with our best "What the...?" expressions. There is no way to adequately describe this movie. Killer tomatoes were funny but this is just sick. What kind of mind produces images like these and then puts them on film for others to see? What kind of mind includes innocent children in this weird weird movie and then packages it as if it is appropriate for children? Parents whatever you do if your child still believes in Santa don't let him/her see this movie. Preteens can watch it -- probably with "What the...?" expressions on their faces. If you decide to inflict this movie on others you might want to spike their eggnog.<br /><br />Quite possibly the worst film ever made.
critique9207 Yes Lifetime has a habit of making the male species look stupid. And this soap opera ain't kidding when they make Perry King supposedly a well renowned medical doctor unable to see the evil surrounding him. Puts your trust in doctors huh? How can anyone not see what's going on? Is he that stupid? And the evil wife with a face like a horse goes around killing off his entire family without a trace. How does she acquire all the drugs? That isn't explained. How does she get off being a secretary in a hospital without any credentials? I guess the director Don FauntLeRoy asks us to just believe it. I didn't. I kept yelling at the screen at the stupidity of King with all right in front of his face. If the wife was that attractive maybe just maybe I'd accept it. But she's not even that. Shannon Sturges is the perfect wife and I tell you she has the face of a horse. I wouldn't cross the street for her yet our perfect husband does and quickly. After everybody in the cast get knocked off I wasn't satisfied with the come up pence given to our villainess. She deserved more than she got. William Moses plays the doctor's brother who unfortunately you know his outcome from day one. Pleasure to at least see one pretty face in this clinker. That of Lesley Anne Down. She gives the film a 2 count just on the relief of seeing someone fetching in this mess. Perry King deserved his fate. What a jerk.
critique9208 Any film with a title as ridiculous as "The Bagman" should automatically attract the attention of any bad movie lover but the plot is far different than what one may expect after viewing the DVD cover. The Bagman is by no means a good movie. It falls into the category of films that seem to have been (and probably were) filmed on a home video camera. The acting is awful. I haven't heard and seen such wooden acting since Troll 2. There are plenty of scenes with nudity and sex but they are clearly jumped into too fast. The characters are morons and entirely forgettable. The ending (which I will not spoil) can be easily anticipated after watching the very first scene. Due to the cheesy nature of the film nothing aside from the awful production values is truly scary (awful attempts at realistic gore a driving scene where the car is clearly stationary etc). Recommended for bad movie aficionados only.
critique9209 Well I fell for it. I saw the box for this at the video store and mistook it for "Girlfight" which I'd heard was great. In my own defense the titles are similar and they re-did the cover art for the box so it looked almost identical. Anyway to sum it up they obviously re-did the whole cover packaging/promo to capitalize on the buzz/success of "Girlfight". I popped it in and got a bad feeling when they started showing trailers for low budget straight-to-video flicks and even worse when a music video of the main song for the movie which sounded like elevator music and featured corny slomo clips from the movie preceded the main feature. When I saw the first few minutes and Maria Conchita Alonso showed up I knew I'd fallen for it. (don't get me wrong she's a talented actress but I knew she wasn't in "Girlfight" the movie I'd been under the false impression I was renting).<br /><br />So apart from me feeling sort of cheated and mad at myself for not looking closer the movie was OK. The plot involves Belle a young Latino woman who is the daughter of an ex-champion boxer. One of her close friends is a female boxer who--and I could see all this coming sooo far ahead of time it was really a drag--gets seriously injured during a match with a mean champ named "The Terminator" who resembles a female version of a bigger more pumped up Ike Turner. Of course Belle decides that the only thing to do is to become a boxer herself and avenge her friend. She lives with her caring supportive yet protective Dad (her mother died of cancer when she was younger) who just happens to be a cop. Her love interest also caring and supportive yet protective is also a cop who works with her dad. Hmmm they both have jobs that put their lives in danger in the line of duty...wonder what's gonna happen? She starts training and meets a sleazy manager who of course pretends to care about her but just wants to exploit her. The actor they hired looks like a very low-rent Cary Eweles and is so young he barely manages to have a mustache. His acting was also really really bad. I'm not even going to go into the plot any further because anyone who has seen Rocky or almost anyone knows exactly where this movie is going and how it will end.<br /><br />This was not a completely terrible movie. Most of the acting was OK and the lead actress was very good. There were good strong female Latino role models. The final fight scene did get me sort of interested even though I knew everything that was going to happen long before it did. The actress that played "The Terminator" did a great job of being unlikeable enough that I really did want Belle to kick her a$$ and rooted for Belle-again although there were absolutely no surprises. My favorite moment (maybe the only moment where I wasn't mad at myself for renting the movie by mistake) was when Belle slaps her sleazy manager after he's shown his true colors yells at him and then turns away only to suddenly fake a punch and watch him cringe back in fear showing that she is really the one in charge.<br /><br />The dialogue was really really bad my main complaint. One of their attempts to be witty was someone discussing boxing saying "size doesn't matter" and the female replying wryly "now where have I heard that before?" Other lines that are supposed to have dramatic impact are "The doctors told me I may never walk again!" "Come on you know you can trust me!" and "Your mother would have been so proud of you". I could go on and on. Nothing you haven't heard a million times before in bad soap operas or movies-of-the-week. <br /><br />Maybe I'm being too mean-the filmmakers did make an effort and I did sit through the whole thing voluntarily...but only because there was nothing else to watch while I worked out. You could do worse (especially if you are looking for a movie with strong female characters) but you could also do much much better.
critique9210 This movie tries its darndest to capture that classic bad canadian movie feel:<br /><br />"quirky" and obnoxious characters (a few); "quirky" town with "quirky" folk; a "quirky" coffee shop or restaurant (coffee shop here); lots of shots of canadian stuff for postcards (ocean stuff here); lots of mention of "gotta get out of this town"; downright booooring.<br /><br />And it succeeds on all counts.<br /><br />Something to note though. I couldn't figure out whether this movie was just trying to be post-Northern Exposure "quirky" comedy or something surreal like a drug-induced or psychotic hallucination. The editing of this movie jumped around nonsensically from one unrelated thing to another with zero pacing or motivation. Not to mention the fact that half the time we didn't even know where we were jumping. Take for instance the very opening shots of yelling teens in a car. Who are they and what the h--- did they have to do with anything? And this sub - uh - plot (use that word plot loosely) concering kids that seem to span generations. I don't think they actually do but the editing makes it look like they materialize from flashback all of a sudden to current time. Huh? What did I miss?<br /><br />Avoid. Unless for laughs. Or you want to try and trip out on the inept editing.
critique9211 Oh my lord what were they thinking about with this one. It not only is frantically unfunny but worse a very good original was trashed in the bargain. Jane Fonda believe it or not actually turned in the performance of her life in that one. Even better than where she plays the whore in the other so called performance of her life. Maybe she is just flat good as a crook. Any other time wow what a waste of time. But she and Segal team up beautifully so if you even remotely got a glimpse of anything funny in this baby catch the anvil upon which it got beaten into a pulp from.<br /><br />Because very very very little of that one remains to this ones horror. Nothing in this baby is remotely funny except for maybe a couple of moments when Dick and Jane are bulging lipped up as lepers and cant kiss..... and uhh........oh my lord that's it? Well looks like it. <br /><br />It truly is that bad a film.
critique9212 I stopped by BB and picked up 4 zombie flicks to watch over the weekend. Now I understand that the effects will be cheesy the acting will be sub-par and the sets will be suspect. So I'm not expecting much. But it should at least have a story. Stories don't cost a thing except time.....apparently they didn't have any time either.<br /><br />"Zombie Nation" had 5 zombies that appeared near the end of the movie that all looked like new wave hookers. The picture of the zombie on the front cover NEVER appears in the movie. It was absolutely agonizing to watch and had nothing to offer the genre.<br /><br />The running time is only 81 minutes but it felt like 2 hours. According to my wife (who could only hear the movie since she was on the computer in another room) it sounded like zombie porn....which if you think about sounds kinda gross.....but it wasn't even that good.<br /><br />The only suggestion I can make is that maybe the writer tried to do too many things and ended up with an incoherent mess.<br /><br />It ended up being a free rental and I still feel ripped off. I rated it a 1 out of 10 because IMDb won't allow me to use decimals.
critique9213 *THIS REVIEW MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS... OR MAYBE NOT. THE WARNING IS THE SAME FOR ALL*<br /><br />Dang it. Just when I thought that SCIFI Channel had used all of its ridiculous ideas for movies they give us THIS. Actually the plot itself it's nothing we haven't seen in movies like Snakes On A Plane Deep Blue Sea etc... That means a monster/animal/menace of some kind is lurking in a close environment threatening a bunch of people. In this case an alien in a train. Wow.<br /><br />I must say that when I first saw this thing on cable I couldn't stop laughing. No SCIFI film had prepared me for this; it was so incredibly pathetic I couldn't believe it! The actors are all a bunch of stereotypical-genre characters. But since they're not so famous (to say the least) I wasn't expecting much of them. Except Diamond Phillips. No comments there but I think the guy was desperate to find a job. The problem was something called 'special effects' horrible even for SCIFI Channel standards. That model/toy they made us believe it was a real train (not to mention the model/toy helicopter bigger than a train's wagon) the meteor coming HORIZONTALLY from space the 'baby' alien (a sock puppet and I ain't kiddin') the regular aliens who looked pretty ugly... while they were static; when they started "moving" it was awful the explosions (the terrorist blew up LITERALLY! And what about the exploding helicopter! Just how many barrels of gas was that thing carrying?) the insane mathematics used (they couldn't even solve a school problem right!)... And I won't talk about that doomsday-like ending by that time I didn't know if to keep laughing or to start crying. If I remember right I did both.<br /><br />It's an ideal movie to have a good laugh alone or with friends. But be warned; it's so ridiculous at SO MANY levels... and you need a heck of a lot of suspension of disbelief...
critique9214 I'm writing this as I watch the DVD. I grabbed for the laptop and went to IMDb during the first song. I didn't know anything about the movie except that a friend said that the show was supposed to be good. It has a decent Netflix rating too so here I am.<br /><br />Maybe on the stage this worked. But I have to say that the sight of chorus boys dancing and singing completely naked just seems silly. And the lip syncing to a prerecorded score adds to the strangeness.<br /><br />Most of the songs and routines are about aspects of male nudity. This is my idea of nothing sorry. The score so far is generic show tune music. Nothing memorable or particularly melodic. Everything is to serve the lyrics. Which I have to say sound like they were written by a committee. Each song is essentially one extended joke. If the jokes were ten seconds they might work. These single several-minute-long jokes don't.<br /><br />I'm now watching the movie by chapters--a few minutes until I get the gist. Kind of in the hopes that one of them will be different or entertaining enough to keep me from going on to the next scene. Nope.<br /><br />Okay. I'm finished. So here's what I think. If you have any experience or long-standing appreciation of musical theater avoid this--it's just not quality. If however you're a gay twenty-something and have never seen or heard a musical comedy you might be entertained. Or maybe this would hold your interest if you've never seen a lot of attractive naked men. <br /><br />I have.
critique9215 I hate this movie. It is a horrid movie. Sean Young's character is completely unsympathetic. Her performance is wooden at best. The storyline is completely predictable and completely uninteresting. I would never recommend this film to anyone. It is one of the worst movies I have ever had the misfortune to see.
critique9216 Turkish Cinema has a big problem. Directors aren't interested in global cinema. They are local and folkloric but want to be international. This brings kitsch results such this movie.<br /><br />Film has jokes translated to Spanish from Turkish and they don't have any meaning for non-Turkish audiences. Even for Turkish audiences after 10 years.<br /><br />Players even Ferhan SENSOY have a worse acting than average. They act like puppets.<br /><br />Movie was shot in Cuba but nothing includes about Cuba. So Cuba is thought like a banana republic.<br /><br />Waste of money waste of time.
critique9217 As with most of Ben Affleck's movies the comedy is dry and story is predictable. That is if you want to call this a story. Many points were left connected with no thought at all. I want to thank the director for not explaining the points better. I say that because that would mean the torture would have lasted longer. As for any of Ben Affleck's failures this one is no exception and is survivable only by the other actors. Even then the acting for the most part was contrived and was not believable. The trip down memory lane with actors I have not seen in years was not worth the price of admission. All thought it should be told they too are quickly joining the ranks of the "has-been". My choice was to wait for my car to be fixed or watch this movie. I made the wrong decision. All in all I would give it a one laugh ... mainly because that is all I got out of it.
critique9218 I can't say if "The Cavern" is a ripoff of "The Cave" because I haven't seen that. I've seen "The Descent" and that's not terrible but it is very hard to watch and so is this one. Hard to watch as in there's very little light and lots of fast motion so you're hard pressed to say what you're looking at. There are times when I guess you're supposed to be scared judging from the music but scared of what? Bad camera work? Poor lighting? If that's the case than this should be the scariest movie made. The story is that a bunch of cave explorers go to a cave in Kazakhstan (home of Borat) and make their descent but something is (of course) in there with them. And what is it? One guy says it's a wolf/bear hybrid that is just before he gets ripped apart but whatever it is you can't see it. And just when you think (or hope) the film is ending since the screen goes dark for a bit you see the two remaining cavers (the two women) wake up somewhere in Betty and Wilma attire and start trying to find their way out of wherever they are. They do drink some water and start eating SOMETHING until they figure out what it is and start puking....and then the mystery of what's in the cave appears and you'll just be astounded. Maybe maybe not. Dumb dumb dumb....I think I'm pretty well done with cave movies at this point 2 out of 10.
critique9219 I kind of feel like a genius; I feel like I'm the only one who saw through this fake film. I watched it three times once with commentary and I found myself getting annoyed at all the close-ups all the times the screen just blacks out and worst of all I feel the film never really resolves anything. Yes the priest dies but he didn't really seem at peace with the town that gave him so much grief or with himself. That and he was an idiot. If it weren't for the commentary by Peter Cowie which explained not only the movie but the book it came from I wouldn't have been able to stomach it at all. I enjoy French movies but this is one that was completely absurd.<br /><br />Diary of a Country Priest is filmed in beautiful black and white photography but that alone cannot save this deadly dull tripe. Scene after scene of extreme close-ups where characters don't say anything until the camera cuts away and goes to a black out do NOT make an interesting or relevant story. How this film ever became a classic is mind boggling: it reminds me more of The Emperor's New Clothes.<br /><br />Yes Claude Laydu's performance is heartfelt and thought provoking if you are a sadist but this film left me feeling empty because overall it is a weak impression of the Catholic priesthood which is an ignoble and inglorious institution of corruption. The young priest's triumph over the countess's pride is a weak scene but 90% of the film will drag you down with its dreary introspection and window into the young priest's melancholy thoughts. This priest doesn't come across so much as being humble as he does just plain pitiful.<br /><br />Being that I don't speak or understand French I was looking forward to doing the English SUBTITLE thing to help understand the film. Well the English SUBTITLE is at times impossible to view/read and the text rolls by so quickly that there was much I could not read (and I am not a particularly slow reader - I just finished Dostoyevsky in 3 days). <br /><br />I really wanted to like this film . I try out everything "chosen" by the Criterion Collection and yet can not see why in many ways this one merits some sort of critical nod. However I sat through this entire two hour film yearning to feel some sort of empathy for the main character and it never materialized. He just seemed like a victim rather than a fighter. And for that I say it stunk.
critique9220 Solo starts as a team of US soldiers go into Soth America to blow up a rebel airstrip joining them is a robot named Solo (Mario Van Peebles) who can use any weapon ever made is fifteen times stronger & ten times faster than any human being. Something goes wrong though & Solo refuses to kill innocent civilians which Colonel Frank Madden (William Sadler) isn't happy about back at base & General Haynes (Barry Corbin) orders Solo to be shut down & reprogrammed. One of Solo's main directives is self preservation so decides to escape back into the South American jungles where Colonel Madden & his men are sent in to recapture it...<br /><br />This Mexican American co-production was directed by Norberto Barba & one has to say Solo is awful. The script by David Corley was based on the novel 'Weapon' by Robert Mason & is one clichÃƒÂ© after another robots were popular at the time Solo was made in Hollywood & at the box-office so Solo rip-offs the likes of Robocop (1987) Universal Soldier (1992) & the two Terminator flicks as well as having the same setting & basic story as Predator (1987). This is the usual rubbish about an emotionless robot who grows a sense of humanity while being around people at first he doesn't know what a joke is or why one person would care for another but by the end he develops emotions & starts to befriend people sounds like Terminator 2: Judgment Day (1991) to me. The character's are poor & Colonel Madden in particular is given absolutely no motivation for hating Solo at all & why he would kill other US soldiers & disobey orders to destroy it. You know I saw this on cable telly last night for free (thank god I didn't spend any money on it) & I looked it up in the TV guide & do you know what it said? My TV guide described Solo as a 'dire sci-fi action starring Mario Van Peebels' which when I think about it is a perfect description of Solo. In less than ten words my TV guide has hit the nail on the head I mean it's a sci-fi action film it certainly stars Mario Van Peebles & it's definitely dire. Enough said really.<br /><br />Director Barba doesn't do anything particularly special here & the action scenes lack any real excitement & the sci-fi elements are virtually none existent apart from the fact Solo is a robot. So the military lose Solo & Colonel Madden is sent in to recapture it right? I'm not being funny but wouldn't the military have put a 'self destruct' mechanism inside Solo in case something like that happened? Surely at the very least Solo would have had a tracking device inside it so the military would at least know where it was at any given time? I'm not being funny but these people can come up with a walking talking robotic soldier but they are not clever enough to realise that a tracking or self destruct device might be useful if anything went wrong? The violence is mild there are a few OK fight scenes but this is pretty weak stuff really.<br /><br />Technically the film looks alright & is competently made it was actually shot in Mexico. The makers of the Dolph Lundgren action flick Agent Red (2000) edited footage from Solo into that film. The acting is poor Van Peebles was the perfect choice to play an emotionless robot... William Sadler deserves better than this it was only a few years prior he was staring in the fantastic Die Hard 2: Die Harder (1990).<br /><br />Solo is a really bad sci-fi action flick which is basically a huge rip-off of big budget Hollywood sci-fi action films like Robocop Universal Soldier & the Terminator films. Not recommend & I'm going to start & pay more attention to my TV guide when it comes to choosing films to watch...
critique9221 This movie is a prime example of squandering great resources in a film. You've got future SNL and SCTV stars in their prime such as John Candy Chevy Chase Laraine Newman Al FrankenTom Davis and Joe Flaherty essentially making 70 minutes of coarse uninspired fart and racist jokes. The concept of a network from the future subverting society could have really been taken to some interesting extremes but instead right out the gate makes a lame juvenile proctology joke and stays in that vein of humor the whole way.Seek out the earlier and much more subversive and witty Groove Tube or the later hilarious Kentucky Fried Movie. This movie is only for those who want to see a time capsule of bad 70's sketch comedy movies.
critique9222 Despite what a lot of other people thought about the first movie I really liked it. This one however. How to sum it up in one word?: This movie is (and here comes the word): CRAP!<br /><br />But let's look at it part by part: Here is the plot: Finally the old queen has been removed from her castle but her successor: Snow white has problems of another sort: The Court-Jester Father of her son has gone astray as the super Spliss goes to the extreme to battle his gray hair and sells the royal offspring for some blond and full hair. In her desperation Snow white seeks the help of Bubi (Otto Walkees)who must first find his other six dwarf companions and then try to find the royal offspring or at least try to find the name of Rumpelstiltskin.<br /><br />The whole plot seems to have been written on a weekend where the writers were very drunk but were just under pressure from the studio to write the screenplay. <br /><br />Yes there are some good jokes. Even for fans of the first part or for fans of any of the other actors it's really not worth buying the the DVD. Believe me. <br /><br />The only thing that at least kind of saves the movie from complete oblivion are the performances of some of the actors. That's why I gave the move 3/10. Sadly the script is so bad that none of the actors or all of them combined can make up for the bad story.<br /><br />For example at one point they even cross over in our reality and sadly.. they don't do anything funny while being here. <br /><br />Still a lot of great actors in this movie: Otto Waalkes Ralf Schmitz Martin Schneider Nina Hagen Cosma Shiva Hagen (Especially funny): RÃƒÂ¼diger Hoffmann as the mirror Helge Schneider and many more but sadly all these comedians aren't able to bring this really bad script to life. <br /><br />Maybe it is a treat for some hardcore fans but for regular movie goers or by now DVD Renters or buyers it's not worth the money. <br /><br />I even regret renting the movie.
critique9223 First I want to clear a common misconception: It is not unrealistic that the school Zoey goes to gives students laptops. At my school those in grade 7 and higher must have Apple Macbooks (this is payed for in the entrance fee). Moving on. This show is very annoying. It has boring predictable plots and bad acting. Often in the show it brings "girl power" to a new high with girls beating guys in everything they try. But that is not the worst. The worst is that girls are nevertheless all portrayed as being focused on their personal appearances and screaming whenever they are happy. Except for the one smart girl who is portrayed as a freak who is obsessed with ugly boys and science. However this show is very addictive. I do not know why but it is. Although the most recent season has been SO terrible bringing the stereotypes boring plots and bad acting to extremes I never thought were reachable so I am no longer addicted thankfully.
critique9224 When I was in school I made a film about a couple roaming around in the trees and talking and I realized halfway through editing that this was not just a failing aesthetic strategy but a clichÃƒÂ© of Canadian cinema: sodden lyricism married to vacant metaphor-burdened stabs at social commentary. But whatever my own film's failings I feel much better after seeing this...this...thing. For one thing mine ran 20 minutes not 85 and had more content at that: every pointless bit of business here is fawned over for four five six relentless minutes. The male lead is just incredible a brow-beating loudmouthed creep given to outbursts of drama-class improv in between philosophical insights culled from the U of T pub and he is given lots and lots of space to make us hate him. Admittedly if he weren't such an a**hole then the third act would make even less sense as a couple snarky dudes show up to provide distant and thoroughly unhelpful echoes of 'exploitation' values; but it doesn't make it any easier to watch the caged creep whimper "please" in closeup until the magazine runs out. I take back what I said about AUTUMN BORN which at least had the courage of its own misbegotten lechery: this cinematic crater is and will remain the very worst Canadian movie of all time. At least I really really hope so.
critique9225 Where on earth do I start with the mess that is Darkhunters? Firstly the script is one of the worst to ever find its way onto a cinema or TV screen and can only be described as a poorly judged Stephen King rip-off. At one point the supposedly fearsome darkhunter Jack claims that Carol the girl who is helping the man he is pursuing is as annoying as "a gherkin in a burger". I would be laughing if I was making it up-BUT I'M NOT! Just as ludicrous is how Carol originally came to have the power to see how people die. A cat gave it to her when she was holding it during an auto accident she had as a kid. WHAT????????<br /><br />Secondly for a horror movie it has no sense of tension or threat whatsoever. This may not be helped by the fact that all the action happens during stark broad daylight. Not very atmospheric at all.<br /><br />Thirdly the acting is truly awful Pinion proves again that he needs to be speaking in his native tongue to be even remotely believable. Jeff Fahey is obviously on auto-pilot but how can blame him as he runs through a woe-ful Humphry Bogart impersonation as Barlow (Marlowe-Barlow? We get the joke it just isn't funny). Credit should go to Susan Paterno an actress I was not aware of she does her best with the awful part she has and puts the other more experienced actors to shame.<br /><br />At no point is it even explained how the HUMAN character can understand what Van Husen's character is saying to her. She obviously has some sort of degree in screwy alien languages.<br /><br />On the plus side one moment is well done the car crash involving Susan. The sfx are throughly believable and if it weren't for the hilarious storyline reason for this to occur it would have been applauded.<br /><br />All I can say about darkhunters is that British horror will never recover from its interminable slump if movies like this continue to be made and shown. Avoid this movie like the plague although the plague would be a lot more scary.<br /><br />Darkhunters 0/5<br /><br />p.s. the insinuations in other reviews that the film remains too intelligent for some are honestly hilarious. It is a weak defence when some claim "you didn't like it because you didn't understand it". The letters after my name make a fool of you not me.
critique9226 With such a promising cast and a director that I have heard great things about I was utterly disappointed by this film. It started off with signs of a great epic gangster tale and turned into a completely muddled mess with many unanswered questions and some completely ridiculous and pointless scenes.(and yes I did watch the full length version). I love Robert DeNiro and as usual he did a fine acting job but in all his other gangster films no matter how many people he kills I always still had respect for his character but in this movie he was a lowlife drug-addict rapist with no care for anyone but himself. Also James Woods another fine actor had some completely ridiculous scenes written for him. I thought the parts where Robert DeNiro called him crazy and he flipped out came completely out of left-field and towards the end the writers just throw in this random comment about how his father died in a nut house and that's why James Woods didn't like being called crazy. So much was left undeveloped in this movie. Also we never find out who the men are in the beginning that are trying to kill Noodles and we never find out more about Joe Pesci's character. It seems that the writers threw together about five different stories and never fully explained any of them. The only redeeming quality of the film was the story when the characters were young kids. The story ran smoothly in this part of the movie and the kids did a great acting job. Overall I was thoroughly disappointed by this movie and I don't see how anyone can even compare this to the Godfather 1 and 2 or even Goodfellas. I am sad that I wasted four hours of my life watching this film
critique9227 I purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental thinking that the cover looked quite nice. And it was nice but the movie is trash. I can handle B-grade I sometimes even enjoy a good B romp (ie. 'Surf Nazis Must Die' is a classic example of how entertaining the genre can be) but this was just bland bland bland. Incredibly dull scenes were broken up too sparsely by good wholesome cheap porn and entertaining dream horror sequences. This movie has very little to offer.
critique9228 I went into this movie determined to like it. I usually enjoy dramas like Wall Street Glen Gary Glen Ross Boiler Room etc...I went into this movie thinking I would be on the edge of my seat. Plus I am a big Pacino fan.<br /><br />What a piece of garbage. Quite possibly the worst movie I have seen in five years. This makes Pacino's debacle in Any Given Sunday actually look good. First half the movie is watching Matthew McConaughey lift weights. OK we get it. You are in shape Matt. We don't need to see every other scene with you pumping iron shirtless.<br /><br />Secondly how many plot holes are in this movie? Why introduce the phone call from Brandon's long lost Dad and never address it again? What was the point of his Mom hanging up on him - why even have her call to say he is sending her too much money - what was the point of that? The guy from Puerto Rico who lost 30 million? Also since sports betting is illegal in NY and its acknowledged its illegal how can they possibly guarantee everyone's bet at the end? <br /><br />This was simply a very poorly written script. It had potential but it was devoid of a coherent plot. I thought Pacino learned his lesson about script selection after Any Given Sunday but apparently not. My Gosh this is the same actor that starred in the Godfather! <br /><br />Don't waste your money.
critique9229 I wish more movies were two hours long. On the other hand I wish more American Civil War movies were MERELY two hours long. "Gone with the Wind" "Gettysburg" - that's about the length I've come to expect; although those two at least entertained for however many hours they lasted; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as it did because things HAPPENED in the course of it.<br /><br />By contrast Ang Lee's film is bloated and uneventful. It actually feels as if it takes much less than two hours. That wasn't a compliment. It's really no different to any other form of sensory deprivation: at the time it feels as though it will never end afterwards it seems to have taken no time at all.<br /><br />The film gets off on the wrong foot as Lee plays his interminable credits OVER the opening footage (bad mistake) in which we are introduced to some characters we take an instant dislike to and will later come to loathe. The central two are Jake the son of German immigrants who are staunch supporters of Lincoln and Jack an equally staunch Southerner whose values Jake shares. (I had to re-read that sentence to make sure I hadn't written "Jack" instead of "Jake" at some point or vice versa.) The two go off to become "bushwhackers" - Southern militia who so strongly lust after revenge and violence that they can't even be bothered to join the official Southern army which I presume they think is for sissies. I'm afraid Lee lost me right there. It's easy to feel for characters who make moral mistakes: if we have some independent reason to like them or feel as if we know them in some way then their moral flaws can make us care for them all the more. Not so here. We aren't properly introduced to Jake for at least an hour; when we are it becomes clear he's a gormless pimple of a man who isn't a confederate by choice so much as by habit - the kind of person who says and does what everyone around him says and does whose psychology is purely immitative. The people he associates with are either just the same or positively evil in some uninteresting way. I found myself cheering whenever the Northern cavalry appeared on the screen. I thought: good - kill the rebels end the damned war let me go home.<br /><br />Aggravating this problem is the horrible horrible dialogue. Everyone speaks in the same whining Southern accent. I've heard accents from all over the English-speaking world and this is the worst of them all. I don't care if Southerners really did talk like that it's simply not fair to ask an audience to listen to it for two hours. And believe me we do listen to it for the full two hours: Lee's picture is a talky one largely because characters take so long to say what they mean in their ungrammatical say-everything-three-times folksy drawl. It would help if they talked faster but not much. Can't these people find a more efficient language in which to communicate?<br /><br />In short: the film is little but a gallery of uniformly unattractive characters with no inner life who talk in an offensively ugly mode of speech who don't bathe often enough to whom nothing of interest happens despite their being involved in a war. Good points? Jewel was nice to look at and so was the scenery. But I have complaints even here. The cinematography nicely framed looked as if someone had susbtituted colour film for black and white by mistake; and as for Jewel we were teased with her body but never actually allowed to gaze upon it which I think is the least we were owed.
critique9230 I did not watch the entire movie. I could not watch the entire movie. I stopped the DVD after watching for half an hour and I suggest anyone thinking of watching themselves it stop themselves before taking the disc out of the case.<br /><br />I like Mafia movies both tragic and comic but Corky Romano can only be described as a tragic attempt at a mafia comedy.<br /><br />The problem is Corky Romano simply tries too hard to get the audience to laugh the plot seems to be an excuse for moving Chris Kattan (Corky) from one scene to another. Corky himself is completely overplayed and lacks subtlety or credulity - all his strange mannerisms come across as contrived - Chris Kattan is clearly 'acting' rather than taking a role - it bounces you right out of the story. Each scene is utterly predictable the 'comedic event' that will occur on the set is obvious as soon as each scene is introduced. In comedies such as Mr. Bean the disasters caused by the title character are funny because you can empathise with the characters motivations and initial event and the situation the character ends up in is not telegraphed. Corky however gives the feeling that he is deliberately screwing up in a desperate attempt to draw a laugh from the audience.<br /><br />If Chris had not played such an alien character (who never really connects with the other characters in the movie) and whose behaviour is entirely inexplicable (except for trying to draw laughs) and the comedy scenes weren't so predictable and stereotyped - all the jokes seemed far too familiar) this movie could have been watchable. But it isn't. Don't watch it.
critique9231 Utterly pretentious nonsense. The material is dull dull dull and most of the cast wouldn't even have made understudies in Allen's earlier films. And to have to listen to the unfunny Will Ferrell do his Woody Allen imitation makes me loathe the second-rate (though mysteriously popular) Ferrell even more. It appears that the morose 70-year old Allen should have knocked off work when the clock rang in a new century.<br /><br />I truly tried to get involved in the film but it was just impossible; my snyapses couldn't fire that slowly. So rather than doze off and kill the afternoon sleeping in an upright position I got up left my wife and daughter in the theater and went out to the car where I had a really good book to re-read (George Bailey's great tome of 30 years ago "Germans.") The day turned out pretty well after all no thanks to Woody.
critique9232 All Dogs go to Heaven was a quirky funny movie; With good name talent who's voices lended an adult familiarity to a cartoon basicly for kids. It was just interesting enough to be likeable by adults aside from something good for the kids to watch.<br /><br />Unfortunately ADGTH2 is a valueless sequel trying to make a bit of cash rideing on the coattails of the first. Charlie Sheen is a passable replacement for Burt Reynolds in this second movie and Sheena Easton's voice in a few of the movies lovely but forgettable songs makes her a worthwhile pick as a co-star for this. Add Dom DeLuise from the first movie and you'd think this would be a decent mix to make this sequel at least relatively decent compared to the first one.<br /><br />Unfortunately even with the addition of other good voice actors such as Bebe Neuwirth in the horrible role of Anabelle this movie cannot be saved from the atrocious production values and animation skills (or lack thereof) present all over this movie. Horrible editing syncronization of the voices and flat out spaces where characters mouths should be moving to dialouge but are not combine to make this movie look like a college interns animation project instead of the decent sequel it could have been.<br /><br />All in all i'd say unless you were a very big fan of the first movie i'd give this a very large PASS.
critique9233 The story was disjointed the acting was not of any callibre you can catagorise. More of a serial pilot than an actual movie. I wanted to like this movie but just could not find anything to like about it. Whatever it was that made The Lost boys so likable was obviously absent here. Altho it tried hard. Plot hooks were clumsily placed amidst what could have been an episode of dawsons creek with dark clothes and the story arc was going nowhere soon. Very disappointing for me. The end scenes were special effects driven convenience and how the villain of the story planned his whole scheme.. who was he (or she) trying to kid talk about naive. Stick with films of this kind of genre from the eighties when they had more of an idea.
critique9234 This documentary begins with an interesting premise -- it makes an intriguing and convincing argument that the history of Jesus as is commonly believed is probably a myth. Sadly though after priming us with this the movie completely shifts gears and becomes little more than a non-stop attack on Christianity and pretty much focusing on the easy targets.<br /><br />The writer/director clearly has some issues with the Church (he is a former evangelical Christian and has some legit anger) and this film seems to be his form of release. It'd be interesting to see the first 20 minutes expanded but as a whole the movie is disappointing.
critique9235 I remember watching this movie several times as a very young kid and there were parts of it (many in fact) that I did not understand. I think I have seen it once as an adult and I then understood those parts. The only problem with viewing it as an adult was that it was not entertaining to me at all. So what kind of movie is this? Is it a "kids movie"? Not hardly. It contains language and subject matter not suitable for kids. Is it a hyperbole of what every parent feels like they are going through with their own children? Maybe but then why wouldn't it focus more on John Ritter's character instead of Junior? When a film has a 7-year-old as its main character in order to do well with it's audience it should be a movie for the seven and under crowd otherwise people older than that will have no way to relate (even 8-year-olds wouldn't want to see a movie about a kid who is whole year younger than them). I'm pretty sure this film did not do well in the box office and the reason has to be because it was unable to find a niche in the market.
critique9236 It would be quite easy to make this movie sound fun: a call girl gets shot in the forehead by a North Korean spy but survives. The bullet that is embedded in her brain makes her long for knowledge as well as sex. Unbeknownst to her she walks away from the shooting with the cloned finger of George W. Bush in her purse a key which can unlock the power to use nuclear armaments. Just call it a romp and at least a few people will show up to the theater. I'm not sure how many did go to see this four year old film when it opened in New York this past April but I sincerely hope not many. It sounds like a light and playful pinku flick but it has art-house pretensions and is really just incredibly boring. Many pinku films in the past have been successful in their artistic aspirations but this film's aspirations just make the time that elapses between the sex scenes excruciating. And then the sex scenes aren't even good! I've seen some pretty outrageous stuff in dirty Japanese movies. I've never seen this country produce something with sex this dull. The Spice Channel is more imaginative. The only worthwhile thing in this movie is the body of the lead actress Emi Kuroda. Otherwise this is pure torture.
critique9237 If anyone tells you this picture is just terrific they probably have something to do with either making it or profiting from it. This film is a real loser and it copies situations from big budget horror movies and not to mention soundtracks to. I wouldn't recommend this one to my worst enemy. It is a low budget movie with amateur actors. It looks like it was filmed for a film contest. The acting is terrible and it wouldn't surprise me if the script was written by a Hee Haw script writer. My family laughed at it. A Grade ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ all the way. You won't be scared by this one. Here is one little taste of the terrible elements of this film. When the guy gets his toe stomped by Ric White's stupid portrayal of the Reverend James Johnston walking cane. The guys reactions are like if he had an amputation with no pain killer. Watch the DVD extras after you watch the movie. When you see Ric White and others talk so seriously about the movie you will laugh till your stomach hurts. How people will stretch the truth and what they will do to earn a dishonest buck. Don't get fooled like we did and buy this failure.
critique9238 :::SPOILER ALERT:::<br /><br />Soooo Arnie's really a good guy but after an incident with some fighting in a helicopter and some disobeying of orders he's sent to jail (or rather some sort of work camp). He escapes but after a short while he's caught once again. This time ends up in a freakish reality show in which he's supposed to run for a while from a bunch of tough guys with different themes and eventually die. But we all know Arnie and we all know that he's tougher than even the toughest of tough guys.<br /><br />I really wanted to like this movie being an Arnie-fan and all. However "The Running Man" contains too many flaws that really annoy the crap out of me. E.g. The reconstruction of Arnie's fight inside the helicopter where the shocked audience is showed a short summary of the incident complete with 5-10 different camera angles. This means that the military helicopter in which Arnie flew was equipped with almost 10 cameras filming the crew members one of which _inside_ the eye of one of the crew members Arnie beats.<br /><br />There are other flaws also and the plot which in theory seems to be very interesting and innovative works for a while then it sort of creates a pool of stupidness and unrealism in which it drowns.<br /><br />The acting can't really be said to be anything better than sub par with Arnie in the leading role doing an average Arnie performance. The rest of the cast get by without being especially good or bad.<br /><br />The special effects are OK without being impressive.<br /><br />RATING: 3/10
critique9239 I say this. If you want to see art you go to an art gallery. If you want to see a movie you go to a theater. Trying to intertwine art and film proves disastrous in "Where the Heart Is". An interesting cast is totally wasted in this embarrassment. You like Dabney Coleman see "Short Time". You like Crispin Glover see "Bartleby". You like Uma Thurman see "Kill Bill". Above all if you like Christopher Plummer see "The Silent Partner" because his character here is a terrible embarrassment. In fact this entire production is an embarrassment. Sure the human artwork is intriguing for a few minutes so make a short but do not subject an audience to pointless nonsense masquerading as filmed entertainment. - MERK
critique9240 I love the frequently misnomered "Masters of Horror" series. Horror fans live in a constant lack of nourishment. Projects like this (and the similar "Greenlight Project" with gave us "Feast" - like it or lump it) are breeding grounds for wonderful thought bubbles in the minds of directors with a horror bent to develop and bring to maturation food for we who love to dine on horror.<br /><br />This one began with a kernel of really-kool-idea and ran ... right off the edge of "where in the world am I going with this?!!!".<br /><br />I don't know how to spoil the spoiled but "SPOILER AHEAD" All of a sudden ... no there was that light drifting across the night sky earlier ... we have long haired luminescent aliens (huh? ... HUH?) brain drilling males and ... yeah I get it but ... well ... the worst curse of storytelling - a rousing and promising set up without a rewarding denouement.<br /><br />Cue to storytellers ... your build up has to have a payoff that exceeds build up. Not the other way around. Storytelling math 101.<br /><br />End of Spoilers - Big Oops!
critique9241 I found it very very difficulty to watch this after the initial 5 minutes of the film. I managed to stomach 45-50 minutes before switching it off in disgust and watching Monster House instead (which by the way is great fun).<br /><br />The story has massive holes in it. The plot line is hugely over stated and dull the acting is awful especially from Justin TImberlake who should really stick to what he is good at (looking daft and singing like a castrato). Morgan Freeman looked incredibly uncomfortable especially when made to dance around to rock music for no apparent reason half way through the film after him and Timberlake meet. Freeman and Timberlake's characters seem to be supposed to have some sort of father/son relationship of sorts or something which simply isn't evident at all apart from the fact that; though Freeman's character seems to have nothing but contempt for the ignorant and rather stupid character of Timberlake he never the less pulls out all the stops to help him uncover a completely ridiculous cover up.<br /><br />It would take some incredible suspension of disbelief to give any credit to the story line which is simply absurd and blown out of all proportion.<br /><br />Don't watch this film it is a pure waste of time.
critique9242 This may just be the worst movie ever produced. Worst plot worst acting worst special effects...be prepared if you want to watch this. The only way to get enjoyment out of it is to light a match and burn the tape of it knowing it will never fall into the hands of any sane person again.
critique9243 I rented this film out of the local video store one day you know the kind of movie with box art that just reaches out and tells you to 'rent me'. Well if you see this dull film in your video store walk on by. Fight the urge rent a porno because this film is BOOOoooorrrring. Despite the interesting opening the film lapses into repetitive murders and a hardboiled cop stumbling around dealing with the usual problems (wife bastard of a boss etc). Wondering if the fast forward function on your VCR works? Rent this film and put your concerns to the test.
critique9244 A woman (Sylvia Kristel) seduces a 15 year old boy (Eric Brown). They have sex...but it's all tied into some stupid plot or something.<br /><br />Easily one of the most disturbing sex comedies ever. Does anyone realize this movie is making light of child molestation? I suppose it's OK cause it's a teenage boy--if we had one with a man seducing a teenage girl there would (rightfully) be outrage. Sorry but having it done to a boy doesn't excuse it. It's still sick. I realize Brown was of age (he was actually 18 when this was made) but he LOOKS 15. I just find it disturbing that some people find this OK.<br /><br />Plot aside the acting sucks (Kristel is beautiful--but can't act; Brown is easily one of the worst child actors I've ever seen) and the constant nudity gets boring and isn't even remotely erotic.<br /><br />I saw this drivel at a theatre back in 1981. I was 19 and with my 14 year old cousin (who could easily pass for 18). HE wanted to see it--I didn't but I decideD what the heck? We got in and I actually bought tickets for three teenage boys who were obviously underage. My cousin thought is was boring and the three other kids left halfway through! Let me make this clear--three TEENAGE BOYS left a movie with tons of female nudity! That should give you an idea of how bad this is. I'm surprised this was ever released. A 1 all the way.
critique9245 My Name is Earl(2005) <br /><br />Review:......For I have seen this.<br /><br />This is something else. First off how is this rated so high? I cannot understand that. This "show" is filled to the top with either annoying people stupid people or just plain unlikeable. The "gags" are hideous.<br /><br />I saw one episode where the wife of Earl's brother wrapped and washed herself with dead fish. Not kidding. That wasn't funny that's repulsive. Then she and Earl's extremely stupid brother(and I mean stupid) then had sex. I nearly threw up.<br /><br />This has to be one of the most desperate attempts at comedy in a long time. Jason Lee is a talented actor but is trapped in a helpless role in this horrible "comedy".<br /><br />Earl is now in jail for this current season. Let's hope he gets the chair just so this show gets put out of it's misery.<br /><br />The Last Word: This show would be funny to people who think Larry the Cable guy is funny. To the rest of the world NOT A CHANCE. Avoid like the plague.
critique9246 I have read and enjoyed many of James Lee Burke's Robicheaux mysteries. When I read 'In The Electric Mist With The Confederate Dead' was being filmed and Tommy Lee Jones was playing the lead I was thrilled. After watching it last night I ending up turning it off with about twenty minutes left not wanting to see any more people shot or beaten up. Don't get me wrong I don't mind blood and gore-I love 'The Untouchables' and 'The Godfather Trilogy'. Perhaps it was just that I had previously seen 'Birth' and 'What Just Happened' before watching this. I know that Burke's books are violent lyrical and especially in the case of 'In The Electric Mist' can be like the Cajun swamps he writes about full of things that are never fully explained. In a book that's fine. In a film that's confusing. Many of the previous reviewers are also ardent admirers of Dave Robicheaux which makes it more understandable that they really liked the movie. Or they are admirers of Bernard Tavernier or both. Even as a fan of all the actors (and especially Vince) I felt it was such a waste of their talents overall-they gave good performances in a film that didn't hold together. Now I say this having only seen the USA DVD and hoping that Tavernier's cut will make a huge difference. On the plus side: The soundtrack was wonderful. The scenes at Robicheaux's place were perfect-just as I imagined the bait shop to look like. Mary Steenburgen was excellent as Bootsie as was Walter Breaux as Batist. If you read the books you know why Robicheaux is an even-tempered person in the beginning of the film and then starts whacking people with various instruments. Overall I wish that they had filmed more of the 'Electric Mist and the Confederate Dead' and left out large portions of Robicheaux's methods of interrogation explaining Elrod's gifts and his bond to Dave as well as Dave's to the General. Then I wouldn't be feeling today as I did last night when I turned it off "What just happened?"
critique9247 Since Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon came along there's been a lot of talk about a revival of the Hong Kong movie industry. Don't believe it. The people now making movies in HK give new meaning to the word crass. Running Out of Time 2 is a perfect example. Ekin Cheng is the name draw here but he spends most of the film just grinning idiotically and flipping a coin. He flips the coin over and over and again and again. Why? Who knows? Sean Lau plays a cop who chases after the coin-flipping pretty boy. But once again: who knows why? There's a pretty actress in the female lead who runs some sort of company and she has to pay a ransom or something but she mostly just looks like she would rather be at a spa or shopping centre than in front of a camera. Nothing makes any sense. There is no action. There is no sex. There is no comedy. All there is is a name: Ekin Cheng. And you know what? Who cares?
critique9248 It looked cool from the movie sleeve but after five minutes we weren't sure if it was a homosexual documentary of west side story without any female interest. The film quality was poor and there was hardly enough gang fighting action to sustain even the drunkest person's interest for long enough to watch the entire film. May god have mercy on the souls of both the actors and the filmmakers responsible for what I can only describe as my new one and only reason why I never will want to see (or trust) an Australian made film again. I have to write more so I will again say that the actors were so bad that I'm positive I could make a better movie with fifteen dollars and a box of Trojans. Please don't see this movie for your own sake.
critique9249 Mad Dog Time..."Trigger Happy" whatever you wanna call it...simply doesn't hit the mark. Maybe its just me maybe i just don't like Gangster comedies ( as i thought Oscar  Johney Dangerously and Mafia also sucked ) It's probably more "witty sharp wordplay" than all out Comedy only its not as witty and sharp as it ( or the other reviewers )Make it out to be. <br /><br />The Rick  Mick  Vic Thing was old to begin with making it a running gag was at times painful to watch. <br /><br />There wasn't enough Changes of Location or Feel for the period they were supposed to be in. The Majority of the film was either set in "Dreyfus's Club" or a variety of Offices /dim rooms... ( what was with that Sit down Gun stand off thing Goldblum kept winning ?) <br /><br />The supporting cast was... on Paper excellent ( great to see Silva & Drago)but characters were killed off before they had time to develop. and Richard Pryors cameo was a Joke ! The Romance and Love element of the film also bogged it down.<br /><br />4/10 I don't think i'll return to it anytime soon.
critique9250 There have been very few films I have not been able to sit through. I made it through Battle Field Earth no problem. But this This is one of the single worst films EVER to be made. I understand Whoopi Goldberg tried to get of acting in it. I do not blame her. I would feel ashamed to have this on a resume. I belive it is a rare occasion when almost every gag in a film falls flat on it's face. Well it happens here. Not to mention the SFX look for the dino with the control cables hanging out of it rear end!!!!!! Halfway through the film I was still looking for a plot. I never found one. Save yourself the trouble of renting this and save 90 minutes of your life.
critique9251 Higher Learning says its OK for blacks to torment white people because they're all oppressors. most blacks in this movie are portrayed as ignorant savages. Stunning that this is supposed to be a positive movie about race. Incompetent acting direction and production values all contribute to this toothache of a flick. An appalling piece of trash. the perpetrators of this dreck should be ashamed. Higher Learning says its OK for blacks to torment white people because they're all oppressors. most blacks in this movie are portrayed as ignorant savages. Stunning that this is supposed to be a positive movie about race. Incompetent acting direction and production values all contribute to this toothache of a flick. An appalling piece of trash. the perpetrators of this dreck should be ashamed.
critique9252 The problem with making a movie like this though is that the finale the crÃƒÂ¨me-de-la-creme of the movie the battle between the two souped-up ships must be done well. Disappointingly this scene in Ironclads is obviously done completely with little model ships in an overgrown tub. There's no tension little explanation of what exactly is going on and what the timeframe is of the stand-off.<br /><br />The film takes quite a few liberties with the surrounding story as all true stories do when converted to a movie such as the Union traitor and most notably that of Betty Stuart (Madsen) a Virginia belle.<br /><br />It resorts to making a possibly-decent movie involving an interesting story on the ironclads to preaching about the evils of slavery. It was out of place in this historical drama and was a cheap ploy to bring in the women viewers. It only succeeded in lessening the positives about the film.
critique9253 I saw House Party 1-3 and I loved them but this one wasn't funny at all.First it can't be a House Party movie without Kid n'Play right? This one sucks and it was more like a black version of Ferris Bueller's Day Off than a House Party movie.Second who the heck is John-John?These new character's can't even compare to the ones from the other three movies.Now i know why they put it straight to video.It has horrible music weak plot untalented actorsand no hilarious jokes at all.My advicewatch this movie at night only if you can't get to sleep.They should have ended the series after House Party 3 since Kid'n'Play separated after that one.I hate this one am glad my local video store doesn't have this film and never want to buy it or want to see it on Comedy Central either.Just because Chris Strokes has talent managing an up-and-coming R&B group doesn't mean he has talent directing and producing films am I right or what? Finally the female characters were all dressed up like cheap two-dollar hookers throughout most of the flick.IMX separated a year after this flick got released probably due to the failure of this film and are all but forgotten nowadays. In simplier terms this movie just plain old sucks!!!!
critique9254 don't see this. this was one of the dumbest movies i have ever seen. its hard to be Mormon sometimes when there are movies like this out there. what a sad view of Mormon life. i can tell you if you did see this movie that it is not all like this at all in a singles ward. if it was i don't think i would have made it through it. its too bad that most Mormon movies are made by a group of geeks who have nothing better to do. the acting was so bad that my wife and i barely made it through. i guess you could say that it had all the signs of a B movie. or are there C movies? anyway...i just thought this movie sucked and was full of cheese. i wish some Mormons would start making some quality movies.
critique9255 Holy freaking God all-freaking-mighty. This movie was so bad I thought I was on drugs. In a bad way... The character acting is the poorest thing I've seen in quite some time. This movie was more akin to Lord of the G-Strings IMHO(it's a real movie). Most of the movie appeared to be done on a horrible green screen. My favorite part was when they are in the carriage and you can tell there's no horse. They're fleeing from alien monsters and going about the same speed as a swift jog. Then it switches to a far-shot with a ridiculous CG horse. And the CG in general seems to be sub-par to 1992's Beyond the Mind's Eye. I mean Come on really. It felt like a horrible episode of Hercules only without Kevin Sorbo there to save the day. Worst. Movie. Ever.
critique9256 I rented this thinking it would be pretty good just by the cover of the movie case. Judge and Jury started out pretty good killer chasing the man who killed his wife on a bike with a cool gun but this movie got progressively stupider as it went on. David Keith is awesome actor especially when he plays a role like this too bad the movie was a piece of crap it really wasted his talent. Judge and Jury was well plain dumb I gave it a 3 should have gave it a 2 I gave it an extra star just because David Keith's gun was cool.
critique9257 Dee Snider is the villain in this movie and his bad acting and overacting kind of ruined it for me. The whole movie just seemed to take itself too seriously. It tries to achieve the dark atmosphere of "Seven" without the good acting. The movie highlights the urban industrial rock / tattoo / body art "subculture" and expects us to be impressed (scared?) by the size of a guy's nose ring. I'm not a expert on movies but the script and acting in this movie are just awful. Dee Snider looks the part of the villain but his acing is downright horrid. I recommend not wasting the time on this one unless nothing else is available.
critique9258 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9259 A group of tourists are stranded on Snake Island after an unfortunate accident with their boat. They are forced to spend the night and as you probably suspected it isn't called Snake Island because it's just soooooo much fun to say - it has a history of people disappearing one by one because of the large snake population which is just what happens with these poor dumb souls. This is a very boring and typical movie with tons of off screen snake attacks and lousy performances from NOBODY actors. The only somewhat entertaining scene was an absolutely unnecessary and forced strip scene which ain't anything couldn't see in a PG13 rated movie folks. If you are into snake movies than check out SSSSSSS but don't torture yourself with this crap.
critique9260 I really should have learned more about this movie before renting it. It was one of those movies where you keep watching it figuring it's got to get better. Then when it ends you feel stupid for having wasted precious time in your life that you can never get back. Ice-T did his bad guy thing and well that was the highlight of the evening. The pictures of the shuttle looks like it was done with a little toy inside of a box and the spacewalking scenes were funny because you could see the strings attached to the space suits. The script was lacking and the car chase scene with the guy bleeding and going unconscious was incredible because he drove better than I could have on one of my best days. All in all I have seen worse but this sure isn't one I'd recommend or want to remember.
critique9261 Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had extensive (separate) film careers before they were eventually teamed. For many of Ollie's pre-Stan films he was billed on screen as Babe Hardy ... and throughout his adult life Hardy was known to his friends as 'Babe'. While touring postwar Britain with Laurel in a music-hall act for Bernard Delfont Hardy gave an interview to journalist John McCabe in which he explained the origin of this nickname: early in his acting career Hardy got a shave from a gay hairdresser who squeezed Hardy's plump cheeks (the ones on his face) and said 'Nice baby!' Hardy's workmates started crying him 'Babe' and the nickname stuck.<br /><br />Although much of Hardy's pre-Laurel work is very interesting -- notably his comedy roles in support of Larry Semon and the Chaplin imitator Billy West -- his teamwork with Billy Ruge (who?) in a series of low-budget shorts for the Vim Comedy Film Company is very dire indeed. Hardy and Ruge were given the screen names Plump and Runt: names which are unpleasant in their own right but made worse because Ruge (although shorter than Hardy) isn't especially a runt. Seen here Hardy looks much as he does in his early Hal Roach films with Laurel ... but without the spit curls and the fastidious little moustache.<br /><br />'One Too Many' an absolutely typical Plunt and Runt epic is direly unfunny ... and its dreichness is made even more conspicuous by the fact that this film has exactly the same premise as 'That's My Wife' one of Laurel and Hardy's most hilarious films. Plump (Hardy) is the star boarder in a rooming-house run by a tall gawky landlady. Runt (Ruge) is the porter. Plump receives a letter from his wealthy uncle John whose dosh he expects to inherit. His uncle is coming to see him and to meet Plump's wife and baby. There's only one problem: Plump hasn't got a wife and baby. He's been lying to his uncle in order to seem a family man. Now of course Plump expects Runt to find him a wife and baby on short notice. Of course the results are disastrous. It would be nice if those disastrous results were funny but they aren't. Most of the unfunny humour here is just empty slapstick with characters settling their arguments by shoving each other into bathtubs.<br /><br />SPOILERS COMING. Vim director Will Louis (who?) shows no instinct for camera framing: the actress who plays the landlady is significantly taller than Hardy and Louis consistently sets up his shots so that her head is out of frame. This could be funny if done on purpose but it's merely inept. At one point in this bad comedy an extremely tasteless gag is looming on the horizon as Runt approaches a black laundress. 'Surely they wouldn't stoop THAT low for a laugh' I thought. But they do. Runt steals the woman's black infant and tries to fob this off as Plump's progeny.<br /><br />Somehow Plump acquires an infant's cot but he still hasn't got a baby. With Uncle John coming up the stairs Plump conscripts Runt for babyhood. This gag might just possibly have worked with a midget or even with a truly runt-sized actor such as Chester Conklin but Billy Ruge is only slightly below average height. Ruge's impersonation of a baby is neither believable nor funny and Uncle John would have to be a complete moron to fall for it. Amazingly he does!<br /><br />The most notable aspect of 'One Too Many' is a brief appearance -- apparently her only-ever film appearance -- by Madelyn Saloshin Oliver Hardy's first wife. The marriage was not a happy one although Hardy's marital troubles never attained the epic proportions of Stan Laurel's. <br /><br />Only one thing in this movie impressed me. There is a very brief flashback sequence with Hardy reminiscing about his seaside romance with a bathing beauty. In 1916 there was still not yet a standard film grammar for conveying flashbacks: the one shown here is done gracefully and simply. Too bad this movie has no other merits. 'One Too Many' is definitely one film too many on Oliver Hardy's CV and I'll rate this movie just one point out of 10. Laurel and Hardy together are definitely much funnier than either of them separately.
critique9262 I remember seeing this film when i was about 10 one of my friends had it. At the time it was just a film as i was about 10ish and just thought of it as another action film.<br /><br />When i look back now as a complete film buff this is quite a shockingly bad film. Whoever produced this film i am sure had a short Hollywood career. Although the lead actor seems to have done a few films according to IMDb albeit i haven't seen any and don't really remember him too much.<br /><br />Anyway just to say that this film is really bad in all ways it could be. I would love to see it again though :oD
critique9263 Ulli Lommel's 1980 film 'The Boogey Man' is no classic but it's an above average low budget chiller that's worth a look. The sequel 1983s 'Boogey Man II' is ultimately a waste of time but at the very least it's an entertaining one if not taken the least bit seriously. Now II left the door open for another sequel and I for one wouldn't have minded seeing at least one more. One day while I was browsing though the videos at a store in the mall I came across a film entitled 'Return of the Boogey Man.' When I found out it was a sequel to the earlier films I was happy to shell out a few bucks for it...I should have known better. Though the opening title is 'Boogey Man 3' this is no sequel to those two far superior films I named above. Well not totally anyway.<br /><br />Pros: Ha! That's a laugh. Is there anything good about this hunk of cow dung? Let's see...it has footage from 'The Boogey Man' and um...it's mercifully short. Yeah that's about it.<br /><br />Cons: Where to start? Decisions decisions. First of all this movie is a total bore. It goes from one scene to the next without anything remotely interesting or scary happening. The acting is stiff at best. The "actors" are most likely friends of the director who had no acting experience whatsoever before and probably none since. The plot is nonexistent and script shoddily written. The direction is just plain awful. The director tries to make the film look all artsy fartsy by making the camera move around lights flicker and with filters but it adds nothing. The music is dull and hard to hear in parts. Ties to the original are botched. Suzanna Love's character was named Lacey not Natalie! And the events depicted in the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978. Also if this has a 3 in the title why is there no mention of what happened in II? Finally this adds nothing new or interesting to either the series or the genre.<br /><br />Final thoughts: The people behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves. It's one thing if that had been an original film that was the director's first and sucked. But instead it's supposed to be a sequel to film that is no masterpiece but is damn sure far more interesting and entertaining than this. If there ever is another sequel which I doubt it then it needs to forget this one ever happened and be handled either by Lommel himself or someone who has at least some idea of how to make a decent horror film.<br /><br />My rating: 1/5
critique9264 It's not funny it's not interesting it's not well shot you don't care about the characters not one single one of them. There's nothing that engages you in the narrative flow you really could care less what happens. Big big waste of time and talent.
critique9265 Why is it that virtual "x-rated video game" women can speak through their mouths but virtual fighting game champion Dante has to use a combination of telepathy and over dramatic facial expressions? I feel that either they needed to cast someone who looked more villain-like (Michael Bermardo's big brown doe eyes don't exactly strike fear in the hearts of well.. anyone except for maybe casting directors who consistently cast him as either a villain or a heroic 'bad boy'.) OR they needed to just let him use his real voice (and move his mouth) and maybe give him a costume that would not make him stick out like a sore thumb when walking down the street. (but of course this is the future and we must assume that bad fashion taste is considered the norm.)
critique9266 Absolutely horrific film. Ameteurish and it isn't funny at all. Lead character played by Mehmet Ali Erbil is very annoying. Edits by E.T and star wars is just plain stupid.<br /><br />Actor Yilmaz Goksal is the only good think about this movie. He should master his English and move to Hollywood. Hollywood can not find an actor with his qualities. Other than Goksal this movie is a garbage.<br /><br />Director Gani Mujde is a comic writer and this movie is his worst written work to this date.<br /><br />Music of Cem Karaca is another plus of this waste of money. Actor Sumer Tilmac also have some presence. Actor who plays the three sons has no talent what so ever.
critique9267 This is just Art house rubbish. I sat watching this trash with my Bosnian Friends they found it as boring as i did. For a more interesting and more true account watch the excellent movie Saviour. This is just a snoozefest with people talking in coffee shops.A cure for insomnia. 1 out of 10
critique9268 Today being President's Day my wife and I had "The Notebook" DVD checked out at our local library. It's a movie released in 2004 that fell beneath our radar as we are big movie goers. I'm a published author with hopes of screen playing my first book. I'd noticed references to "The Notebook" in reviews of other movies which is why I brought it up about us watching and this morning provided the perfect opportunity. We both really liked it. It made my wife cry; we could relate to many things in it with our own continuing love affair and even I fought back choking up.<br /><br />This afternoon after lots of chores yard work and eating we decided to actually catch a matinÃƒÂ©e. When we got to the theater having seen most of the current batch of films playing we elected to see "Victoria Day" which for some reason was not at the theater even though both IMDb and my phone movies showed it playing there. So instead we looked at the poster for "Dear John" and that it was written by the same writer as "The Notebook" making it the obvious choice as we enjoyed 'TN' so much.<br /><br />What a disappointment! First the characters did not have the same believability or sense of empathy as 'TN'; and we kept commenting throughout all the similarities -- two dozen or so -- quickly causing us to realize this movie was nothing but as another reviewer commented "a poor man's Notebook!" It had a real 'cash cow' feeling meaning the Sparks simply threw a story together based on the exact template of 'TN' simply to make a quick buck. Not only that after the 'bug-eyed' trollop improbably 'Dear John's-John' for the wimp cancer patient we ridiculed the movie with each passing soapy stupid line all the way through to the end. There were only about 6 of us in the theater during this 4:45pm Monday matinÃƒÂ©e and my wife even told me to keep it down so I wouldn't ruin it for the others...it was so bad.<br /><br />Seeing this on the heels of 'TN' ensured that the rip off similarities were vividly recognizable and Sparks blatant cheap attempt at template writing painfully obvious. We only wish we could've seen "Victoria Day" instead...no matter how bad it might've been after seeing this poor entry to cinema. And oh... for the last 30-minutes I kept saying "...don't give that cow the coins ...don't give that cow the coins?"
critique9269 Contrary to another reviewer I think that this is WELL-written especially the more fictional it is because greater imagination would be required; and well acted because there were no other characters with whom to share the focus of these dozen-minutes-plus well-done monologues. But I'm just not entertained by such solemn pious rememberances. Everybody has a story to tell and some are more interesting than others. Everybody has problems and some are more intense than others. These are just ten not-very-atypical stories and problems exemplifying how anybody's life (or part of it) is fodder for film. Then again I think poorly of TV's reality shows too. So if that's your bag you may like this. It's the kind of stuff that would make for good 'phone and/or internet gossip; but absolutely without other-than-verbal action. And although each of the speakers is female I'm gonna leave gender outta this.
critique9270 The film successfully gives a graphic portrayal of the suffering of forced sex labour but nothing more. The leftest agenda behind this movie could be seen a mile away and leaves viewer so embarrassed while watching if you know that feeling. So the women are kidnapped and sent to ex Yugoslavian territory to work as sex slaves because (take a deep breath) the American military institution is corrupt and looks away while their private security contractors are selling people abroad. You don't need half a brain to see the relevance to Iraq war and Black Water Company.<br /><br />What a load of leftest excrement! Looks like I have been fooled all my life into thinking that this problem and many others were a direct result of Communism's grip on this region for 45 years. But no it was the American war on Iraq which is also responsible for earthquakes tropical storms and the constipation I had last week.<br /><br />The film ignores the fact that 95% of the sex trade is women willing to sell their bodies for money and entry to the western block. You also see scenes that are so stupid you want to pull your hair. We have someone chasing down a woman in the streets of London in broad daylight beat her up then somehow drags her unconscious body half a mile back to the apartment where he rapes her. No one sees this or calls the police and the running woman does not care to scream during the chase. Even better we later see 4-5 women lined up in the centre of London in -again- broad daylight to be sold one of them has a smashed face and people are shopping in the background as if nothing was happening. You can't make this stupidity up.<br /><br />I used to think that such trash was exclusive to Hollywood but apparently I was mistaken.
critique9271 Would somebody please explain why anybody would want to make a "British neo-noir" crime film with a cast almost entirely American? The accents spoken in this film are bloody awful! But entirely in keeping with the performances which are so wooden one fears to strike a match for setting the cast on fire.<br /><br />Really what kind of disgusting moronic cynical crud is this? Even neo-noir films have some character you either feel for or want to feel for even if they're wretched and doomed; they at least have some decency to them some sense that what they've done is wrong or that a seemingly good plan has gone wrong and that somehow they're stuck with the responsibility for it.<br /><br />Not in this stanky stew. These characters are putrid betraying each other themselves and the audience.<br /><br />Also note that they are low-lives - all right nothing wrong with that - except that they seem to be living a life of luxury. For a film supposedly about desperate petty thieves the keynote here is - ennui. It's all so terribly dull and dross doncha know. So let's just rip some people off or maybe murder them and go get laid in a luxury hotel. What ambition! <br /><br />Gooping this whole mess to some bottom of swampy muck are: boringly uneven pacing; predictable 'action' sequences that aren't; banal and incoherent set-design; made-for-bad-TV camera-work and editing; forgettable score; and an entire lack of any imagination or innovation in production and direction.<br /><br />Wholly unbelievable unlikeable and for less dedicated movie watchers(or masochists) like myself utterly unwatchable.<br /><br />There are other nasty things I would like to say about this nasty film but they wouldn't print them here. Suffice it to say you can probably find something more useful to do with your time than watch this film - just about anything in fact.
critique9272 is it just me or have all "horror" movies become nothing more than titties slapstick and an over the top villain who cannot be killed. this movie had no point. whatever happened to the days of a person being able to escape from the killer as in hostel. and at least make the killer a little more realistic. victor crowley was the worst killer i have ever seen. he reminded me of a demon spawn between quasimodo and leatherface. it was over the top that while victor was lying there on fire no one thought to finish the job. and the ending was the biggest disappointment of all reminiscent of the soprano's finale. i had to agree with the fella behind me when he blurted... WHAT THE F***! if i could give the movie a negative score i would have taken care of it.
critique9273 I love watching Jerry as much as the rest of the world but this poor excuse for a soft-core porno flick is needlessly offensive lacks anything resembling wit and serves merely as a vehicle of self-promotion for Springer. Even though it runs a quick 90 minutes the film drags hideously and I should have had the common sense to walk out. Simply atrocious.
critique9274 I must say that during my childhood I'm quite proud of a lot of the movies I've rented. The exception being Theodore Rex. Talk about the all time swindler movie in any actor's resume. Could you just imagine what Whoopie's fired agent must have told her to sign on to this piece of crap "Hey Whoop you ever seen that show Dinosaurs yeah well they're making a movie out of it and you get to see Germany!" After that that agent must have referenced Star Wars a lot.<br /><br />This movie was so bad I figured Whoopie must have bought out every copy of this film and had it destroyed. I just wish she could have done the same thing to my memory because my sister still gives me crap for watching that movie. I mean c'mon I'll even admit I watched Mr. Nanny and Kazzam in theaters (good reasons why I gave up on both Hulk Hogan and Shaq for awhile) yet this one sticks out in my mind as the worst of my childhood and the biggest rental regret of my life and that was 16 years ago. I'm 24 now if you want to do the math.<br /><br />Whenever I think of my all-time list of worst movies I don't even mention this one because like a raped step-child I try hard to repress that it ever happened. Screw you Whoopie just be glad people only acknowledge Eddie and Sister Act 2 as your worst you lucky stiff.
critique9275 Black and White film. Good photography. Believable characters. <br /><br />Just awful.<br /><br />I have wasted another perfect evening watching a film that other rated as "worthy" and "very good." There is some good acting here and the back ground setting for the plot is good (more should have been done with this) but it is very slow to grow and never develops. It is totally bases on sex without much romance with much un needed nudity. More could have been done with the main characters. If you are looking for something to watch with you family this in not the movie and if not you will have trouble sitting through it. Though this film is long its only about 1 inch deep!
critique9276 This is one of those films that's more interesting to watch from an academic perspective than from an entertainment perspective. I do my ratings based on how much I enjoyed or was entertained by the movie so I'm giving it a 4. If I were to rate it as an academic film though it would get a 10.<br /><br />It is shot in a very interesting manner like a pseudo-silent film with elements of sound effect and reality. It's meant to convey disjointed memory and fragmentation of the mind and it is interesting in these respects.<br /><br />However the film has a lot of disgusting elements to it that I didn't find all that entertaining. They're mainly just disturbing. It has some very interesting imagery too and some interesting concepts but some of the character relationships (especially between the mother and son) are pretty disturbing.<br /><br />In all this film will either appeal to you or it won't. For me it was interesting from an academic perspective but it wasn't a good watch and I'll probably not go back to it a second time.<br /><br />4/10 if you're looking for entertainment. 10/10 from an academic standpoint.
critique9277 This movie is one of the poorest adaptations of a fabulous book that I've seen. Jean George's novel is a fantastic book that I think is an outstanding read for any child. I can't give the same endorsement to this movie.
critique9278 In the wake of the matrix this travesty of a film with loose connections to VR has been reissued with the tag-line "The Matrix just got Deadler!" in a box with a very Matrix inspired cover (still called "Expect to Die" though). Due to the choice of font however the tag-line looks to all the world like it says "Beablier". Anyway.<br /><br />To complete the transformation to Matrix wannabe they have mocked up a VR fight scene with a Morpheus-a-like on the back of the box. It may be important to know that this character DOES NOT FEATURE IN THE FILM.<br /><br />Overall this film is a travesty on every level. Jalal Mehri is an awful actor and does not impress with his martial arts. However his partner Stone is played by Evan Lurie who in this film is simply the worst actor I have ever seen. Clearly he was chosen to make Jalal look good in comparison. Worst film I have seen for a long long time.
critique9279 This film is a completely inaccurate depiction of the real story of Noah's Ark. The producers probably did not even read the Bible. This is the worst movie I have EVER seen! Noah's wife was never mentioned by name in the Bible but the writers of the film "gave" her the name Naamah. This movie depicts the destruction of Sodom a good 1000 years before it happened and what about Gamorrah? It too was destroyed at the same time Sodom was. (Maybe the producers thought that not including Gamorrah in the story and showing the city of "Sodom" as in you-know-what would raise more eyebrows.) This film is utter filth and mocks God and the Bible. It is a wonder that any true Christian would want to participate in the production of this abysmal hideous reprobated mockery of the Bible.
critique9280 Mediocre at best. Slow but probably more entertaining to the younger viewers. A young boy(Chris Miller) is haunted by an Indian spirit and horrid monster in the cellar of his father's new home. Also in the cast are Patrick Kilpatrick Suzanne Savoy and Ford Rainey.
critique9281 Oh dear lord. This movie... It was horrible. I am a HUGE fan of horror movies. And most of the time horror movies other people say are bad I like. The actor who played 'Scarecrow' was amazing I will say that. But this plot was awful. It made no sense! It had way too much gore and an unnecessary (and revolting) sex scene at the beginning. I do believe the director was trying to be 'shocking' or whatnot but it just came out awful. To add to the pile of festering crap they called a plot the actors (besides 'scarecrow') we're awful and I cared so little about them that I soon forgot who was who. In conclusion this movie made me sick. If you can avoid watching this movie in anyway please do.
critique9282 Sure most of the slasher films of the 1980's were not worth the<br /><br />celluloid they were filmed on but this video nightmare may well be<br /><br />the dullest produced.<br /><br />Six horny pot smoking students decide to go camping. Of course<br /><br />and you know this already they begin getting killed one by one by a<br /><br />mysterious stranger. The climax has a hunky forest ranger trying to<br /><br />get to the teens in time before the last cute girl becomes buzzard<br /><br />bait.<br /><br />John Carl Buechler my least favorite B-movie guy did the lousy<br /><br />makeup effects here. The cast features Carel Struycken of "The<br /><br />Witches of Eastwick" and the Addams family movies. Sadly he<br /><br />does not pop up until the very end of the film and is covered in<br /><br />burn makeup rendering him unrecognizable. Steve Bond (anyone<br /><br />remember him?) is here in an early role as a victim.<br /><br />Brown's direction and the script he cowrote both smell like the<br /><br />presents brown bears leave in the woods. He pads the film with<br /><br />so much stock wilderness footage I thought I accidentally rented a<br /><br />special episode of Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom. Much of the<br /><br />cast sits around the campfire and eats then walk and sit and eat<br /><br />again. The forest ranger is involved in the strangest scene ever put<br /><br />in a slasher film: he tells a joke about a wide mouthed frog to a<br /><br />baby deer. Jackie Coogan who must have forgot he once worked<br /><br />with the legends of silent cinema has two scenes and is involved<br /><br />in the second strangest scene ever put in a slasher film: he and<br /><br />the hunky forest ranger have a conversation about cucumber and<br /><br />cream cheese sandwiches on oatmeal bread...yeah.<br /><br />There is not one minute of suspense here. The killer a forest fire<br /><br />survivor looking for a mate watches the students from behind<br /><br />trees. We know it is the killer because the film makers have<br /><br />dubbed in a heart beat sound effect that helpfully serves to wake<br /><br />the viewer up every few minutes. Skip this pile of pine sap and rent<br /><br />"Halloween" instead.<br /><br />This is rated (R) for physical violence mild gun violence gore<br /><br />some profanity brief female nudity mild sexual content sexual<br /><br />references and drug abuse.
critique9283 Poorly acted poorly written and poorly directed. Special effects are cheap. Best performance is by Yvette Napir but that's not saying much. Story is a confusing mess about corporate greed leading to sabotage of a space station and an attempt to rescue those stranded aboard.<br /><br /> There is little suspense and even less action. There's one car chase that's not bad but the rest of the movie is simply a waste of everyone's time.
critique9284 Normally BBC productions of Jane Austen are pretty good but Northanger Abbey is just odd. What were they thinking? This film has little of Austen's charm and ironically mimics the Gothic novels that Austen so wonderfully mocked. Not only that the "gothic" sequences are tacky over-the-top and frankly silly. The actress playing Miss Morland is poorly cast with no obvious appeal to attract the attentions of an eligible bachelor and though I rather liked the creepy Peter Firth as Mr. Tilney he is not a bit like the novel even when delivering dialog straight out of the book. Robert Hardy as General Tilney turned in one of his few terribly "ham" performances. This film was so bizarre and strange that I actually watched it again just to savor how freakishly wrong it was.
critique9285 I work at Memorial Hermann Hospital (TMC) and was also working at Texas Children's Hospital Women's Hospital and West Houston during Allison. First the shots of the hospital are sadly suburban. The Texas Medical Center has a daytime population density similar to Wall Street!! There are huge skyscraper professional buildings and hospitals. TCH was the largest Children's Hospital before it doubled in size TWICE! Methodist with its 1500 beds is one of the largest hospital in world. The Texas Medical Center skyline is bigger than that of Memphis. Yet the best pics Hollywood could muster are that of some dinky hospital in the middle of nowhere (besides the real pic of the hospital taken decades ago). Also they combined several real-life characters and portrayed them all in one (super-nurse). I actually know the Medical Technologist(s) working in the blood bank. Two where actually working at the time but the movie shows only one pregnant MT. There was a pregnant MT and another MT that took the precious patient antibody rolodex (research "alloantibodies" for more info). I will not mention their names (privacy). There was no nurse in the real life lab scene. Hollywood combined these two techs (most likely to save time and money). In the movie military helicopters (true) had to transfer the our babies (NICU and PICU) to UTMB all the way to Galveston! Why you may ask when we have the largest children's hospital just down the street? Because Texas Children's Hospital refused to take them. You read right they REFUSED!!! Being employed by them I was ashamed. Needless-to-say I'm no longer affiliated with that facility. Any other comments would be repetitive to the ones already posted by the people that who actually live here or lived through the experience.
critique9286 God I am so sick of the crap that comes out of America called "Cartoons"!<br /><br />Since anime became popular the USA animators either produce a cartoon with a 5-year-old-lazy-ass style of drawing (Kappa Mikey) or some cheep Japanese animation rip-off. (Usually messing up classic characters) No wonder anime is beating American cartoons! <br /><br />They are not even trying anymore! <br /><br />Oh I just heard of this last night; I live in the UK and when I found out this show first came out in 2005well I never knew the UK was so up-to-date with current shows.
critique9287 There are so many incorrect statements in this so-called "documentary" that I found myself shouting at the television.<br /><br />Bart Sibrel might be able to produce a flashy looking DVD but he is sadly lacking at looking at the science behind his claims.<br /><br />He relies on either being inaccurate not telling the full story or the old favourite "government always lies to us" innuendos and people believing what is told to them and not checking on the accuracy or details behind the claims.<br /><br />What's more his "exclusive" or "unreleased" footage is freely available over the internet from various sites.<br /><br />Further reading about the circumstances regarding the filming of this production shows that he used false pretenses to gain interviews and has used creative editing of the responses in order to promote his own opinions.<br /><br />All of the claims made by Mr Sibrel about "inaccuracies" "mistakes" or "whistleblowing" in the Apollo programme have been thoroughly disproven.<br /><br />How do I get that 40-odd minutes of my life back?
critique9288 I rented this movie on the merits of what the trailer showed and of course Sir Anthony Hopkins.<br /><br />If Jackson Pollack teamed up with David Lynch and Timothy Leary to make a movie this would be the end result. I don't think I've seen a movie like it that made an LSD trip look like an episode of Sesame Street.<br /><br />It's a bunch of set pieces where the characters flash in and out of reality or various realities and the film doesn't culminate into anything until the last 5 minutes where all of a sudden it makes sense. I wrote a scathing review on my movie review blog that essentially gives everything away and I won't do that here. It's a well acted piece of cinema and the soundtrack was written by Sir Anthony Hopkins and let me say this if there's one redeeming feature to this film it's the music. It fits perfectly. Some of the dialogue is unbelievably good and unbelievably bad all at the same time.<br /><br />I enjoyed parts of this movie I truly did and once you get to the end of it you'll actually figure out what's truly going on. It's unfortunate that you have to wade through 2 hours of crazy to get to a salient point which minimizes the effect of the entire movie.<br /><br />I give it a 3 out of 10 for the simple fact that the real problem with this film isn't the acting it's everything.
critique9289 Going into this movie you know that this is movie has six lab technicians in a sealed lab with an invisible maniac. So right away you're guessing who will live and who will die. The survivors end up being exactly who you'd expect them to be so no points for plot twists there.<br /><br />And if you're not sure if this is a B-movie or a movie that just happens to take place in a lab with an engaging story William Devane plays a part: instant B-movie status.<br /><br />The movie is promising in the beginning. At the lab we are introduced to the invisible gorilla who is becoming increasingly violent. Oooh foreboding. The best scene in the whole movie is when the lab team makes the gorilla visible again. Great special effects. Same thing when they make Bacon invisible.<br /><br />There are a couple of bare breasts a really lame dirty joke and enough out of place swearing to give this movie an R-rating that it really didn't need.<br /><br />For a thriller there weren't really any surprises except when Shue makes like MacGyver in the freezer which is more of a 'Whaaaa?' OK there is one surprise. That's when Caine (Bacon) comes back one last time in the elevator shaft. It was a surprise but only because you're yelling at TV 'Noooo! You're dead already! End the movie!' Speaking of yelling at the TVthat's all I did for the last 25 minutes or so. 'Put on your f#@%ing goggles!' Instead of putting their infrared goggles on so that they can see him they try every other trick in the book (fire extinguishers sprinkler systems...).<br /><br />The story really lost it at the end. But the special effects were good; that's the only reason I give it a 2/10.
critique9290 I don't normally write reviews but this "film" was special. I couldn't turn it off. I don't believe I've ever seen a worse movie but there I sat watching. It was like a horrible car wreck with blood flowing all over the highway. It was disgusting but I couldn't turn away. Where do I start? The movie seems to think it's a sports thriller but it's so utterly ridiculous it can only be a comedy but it's not funny not even in a dumb/silly way. It's like watching your cousins try to act out a skit on family get-togethers. It's painful to watch but at least it's only for a minute or two. Second String went on for over an hour. <br /><br />Whoever was involved with making this movie should not work again. The writing directing acting and everything was just terrible. The problem is I can't describe how bad it was; you just had to see it. And I'm sure this will NEVER be shown again so unless you saw it you're out of luck. I mean it was almost worth seeing just for the fact that it gave me some appreciation for every other "bad" film I've seen over my lifetime. And for every film I see in the future that I can't stand I will think to myself well at least it wasn't bad as the Second String.
critique9291 I'd really have to rate "Sex is Comedy" as one of the worst pieces of dreck I have ever seen. The film inadvertedly showcases those which are the worst aspects of the French or at least how they are stereotyped narcissism snobbery and pseudo-intellectualism. I myself am French-Canadian and feel slightly ashamed that the creators of this film are from the same culture as me that should give you an idea as to how bad this movie really was! One doesn't so much watch this film as undergo torture to it there was a total lack of humour and it seemed to me as if the entire film was a documentary interviewing people who were neither famous nor talented as if to celebrate something that has never happened to begin with. Instead why not watch Auberge Espagnole Happenstance or Je t'aime... a la folie three fantastic modern French films.
critique9292 George Sluizer's original version of The Vanishing aka The Man Who Wanted to Know offers one of European cinema's most quietly disturbing sociopaths and one of the most memorable finales of all time (shamelessly stolen by Tarantino for Kill Bill Volume Two) but it has plenty more to offer than that. Playing around with chronology and inverting the usual clichÃƒÂ©s of standard 'lady vanishes' plots it also offers superb characterisation and strong underplayed but convincing performances.<br /><br />Unfortunately I can only assume that when it came to the remake Sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work. His career never recovered from this disastrous misstep.<br /><br />Chief culprit is an astonishing performance by Jeff Bridges that has been over thought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level. A friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that Bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing and this film is the proof of the pudding. Every movement is overly mechanical in its precision making him look like a rusty clockwork toy while his voice is a bizarre mixture of Tootsie Latka Gravas from Taxi and a Dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from Dok-tah E-ville. No banality of evil here just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying "Please. Let. Me. Kill. You. Thank you. For your. Consideration.' But the blame really needs to be shared out here. None of the performances are good: often they don't even look good Ã‚Â– Keifer Sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station Nancy Travis flounders badly and Sandra Bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession. Not that they're given any help by either director or writer Todd Graff. The script is particularly weak. The chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on Bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film. Worse is the rush the film is in draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next. Rather than the high/low mood shifts in the couple's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he's probably better off without her. As for the new and improved happy ending Ã‚Â– standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame 'let's end on a joke like a TV cop show' moment Ã‚Â– best not go thereÃ‚Â… which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie. Even a shockingly bland and uninspired Jerry Goldsmith score can't do anything for this one.
critique9293 I just want to make one thing clear- I love Michael Vartan! But this film really lets him down. His acting is still superb he's still as charming as ever and he still looks great. But the film itself is a load of rubbish! Natasha Henstridge I'm sorry to say it comes over bit manly... you're constantly waiting for her to run off with her best friend who's own sub-storyline is a little weird. Myself and my family (who sat down and watched the film with me) were also put off by the soundtrack to the film; at times the music just didn't fit with what was going on in the scenes. However even this was not the worst aspect of what I found to be a very disappointing film. I could forgive the leading lady's butch-ness I could forgive the freakish characters that were thrown in to the mix and I could forgive the poor choice of musical accompaniment but whose choice was it to cut out the whole middle section of the film and skip straight to the end??? The ending was obviously planned from the beginning but how it gets there is left untold. If you're a Michael Vartan fan skip this film: buy yourself a poster instead.
critique9294 What a waste. John Travolta and Scarlett Johansen deserved better than this. To start at the beginning JT was horribly miscast in the lead here. The role called for someone who could convince as a broken-down anti-hero someone who could look haunted and defeated. Billy Bob Thornton would have fit the bill or even Al Pacino but JT is just too alive and looks to be having too much fun. Also surely someone who has been through the mill to the extent JT's character had would have suffered some physical effects? The character presented to the audience looked as if he could start as tight end for the Oakland Raiders. Scarlett faired little better role-wise. Where was the pain and conflict of what should surely have been troubling development? And as for the "plot" ... well none of it makes sense. The characters leap from one frame of mind to another seemingly without cause - and certainly without explanation. The pace of the film also leaves something to be desired namely pace. This is a very slow film not that I have anything against slow films as long as they are heading somewhere. The pace only picks up towards the very end when it shifts from a slow dirge to a frantic race to pack in as many tired clichÃƒÂ©s as possible. In this it succeeds - the only thing missing being something involving a small dog. 3 out of 10 for this one purely for Gabriel Macht's performance - he was the only member of the cast who was a) well cast and b) able to convince in his role. All in all a terrible disappointment and a real waste of a couple of hours.
critique9295 There is not a single sympathetic character in this entire movie. Is it the lawyer played by Kenneth Branagh that we're supposed to be pulling for? Well let's see -- we learn he's a sleazebag defense attorney who gets criminals off on technicalities. He treats his coworkers like cattle gets them involved in his own personal crisis (in the process getting one of them killed) jeopardizes the safety of his kids threatens his ex-wife's new boyfriend tries to strong-arm the police and school administrators -- and all this for what? Because he was THINKING WITH HIS LITTLE HEAD! I was really pulling for the father and his gang to beat the stuffing out of the lawyer and drown him in the swamp...it would have made for a far more satisfying ending.
critique9296 And now for another point of view: I didn't like it. I didn't finish it in fact. I know that "Unforgiven" is ranked by some as one of the greatest Westerns ever made. I know that it stars and was directed by Clint Eastwood one of the icons of American cinema. I know that it won a bunch of Oscars. Still I didn't like it. I don't like Westerns and that's clearly a matter of taste but I also don't admire Eastwood's acting. He is not and never has been a leading man. He is no Burt Lancaster no Paul Newman no John Wayne. In this film alone he is dwarfed by Richard Harris and Gene Hackman; they are both actors. No Eastwood is a tall guy with a reedy voice who usually plays tough guys. Here he plays a retired tough guy. When I see him on screen I see a man laboring at his acting. Then there's the anti-Western Western plot. It is too obviously intended to inject contemporary values -- a respect for the role of women blacks native Americans and single parents; a disrespect for violence and drinking; the wholesomeness that comes with marriage including interracial marriage and small adorable children -- into a century in which those values weren't necessarily accepted at least in these ways. By promoting those values the movie comes across as mannered if not preachy. Then there are the hoary movie stereotypes -- prostitutes with hearts of gold the kid who can't shoot straight the city slicker new to the wild West the sage brush shimmering on a summer afternoon with a musical accompaniment in major chords. Finally there is the pacing of Eastwood's direction. I gave up after an hour. Eastwood was still riding north chatting with Morgan Freeman and the kid who couldn't shoot straight sixty minutes after the plot driven by the slashing of a prostitute was set in motion. It was way too slow. Somebody had to find these elements uncompelling. I am afraid it was me.
critique9297 I was forced to watch this film for my World Reigonal Geography class. This film is what is wrong with America today instead of figuring out the best way out of hard times or situations we would rather complain about how it is someone else's fault. This film goes through the downfall of Flint Michigan and blames it 100% on General Motors. In the process of doing so Moore goes to great lengths to make the executives of General Motors out to be villains just because they are doing their job in a capitalist society. Moore films several evictions throughout the film and does not ever even ask once if the person is being evicted because of a GM layoff. Additionally he never interviews the landlords of the tenants filmed. Moore goes to great lengths to twist historical events to fit his political agenda in this film of pure propaganda.
critique9298 The Cave got released more or less simultaneously with the English film "The Descent" directed by Neil Marshall. Both movies share a similar premise; only "The Cave" is dreadfully unoriginal unexciting and incompetent compared to the splendid horror adventure that is "The Descent". It feels like Neil Marshall realized that the basic story was too poor and instantly added ingenious ideas depth and a personalized style whereas "The Cave"-director Bruce Hunt simply went for the most rudimentary elaboration of the screenplay that was thrown on his desk. The result is an unbelievably mediocre film that features every single horror clichÃƒÂ© you can think of and in which most of the violence happens off-screen. And we all hate that don't we? The story introduces a clique of insufferable cave-divers that become trapped in a completely undiscovered Romanian underground ecosystem. Hideous winged creatures that also happen to be parasites soon attack them and escape seems impossible due to a landslide. The first half hour is still mildly entertaining if you keep yourself busy with spotting all the clichÃƒÂ©s and listening to the cheesy textbook dialogs but the whole thing just gets too dire. None of the events are even slightly plausible and it looks like the entire cast is competing with each other to deliver the WORST performance. I've seen better special effects in anonymous B-movies already the filming locations aren't used to the fullest and the ending downright sucks! Very much NOT recommended!
critique9299 sure this movie may have had its funny moments with the sat question people and i know the movie is not supposed to be totally believable the movie made it too outrageous for example a girl like that would never in a million years go out wit ha guy like that also people in movie had lackluster performances there acting was so bad. Also the plot bad they could have don e a better job on the scripting at least and focused more on the comedy the comedy was also a little dry and got really boring after the first few jokes it was like 10mins was laughter then the old when is this gonna end started to kick in The bottom line if u want a a lackluster of acting mixed in with a stupid plot and a romance go ahead and watch this movie.
critique9300 I hate you you hate me Barney stole your SUV with a great big bunch and a kick from me to you wont you say you hate me too? "jingle bells batman smells grandma had a gun shot Barney and made him pee and now there is no more barney the moron" Now why the heck would come up with a idiotic show like barney ???????? So what I'm saying is Barney is a retard from the underground world? And the kids on this show are like 12 years old. If i were them i wouldn't believe this stupid idiot called barney.Now producers why do you believe this crap that barney says? They are always happy. That is stupid.they should be sad sometimes. am i right? bottom line barney is so stupid who watches that ugly creature.
critique9301 Madison is not too bad-Ã‚Â—if you like simplistic non-offensive "family-friendly" fare and more importantly if you know absolutely nothing about unlimited hydroplane racing. If like me you grew up with the sport and your heroes had names like Musson Muncey Cantrell Slovak etc. prepare to be disappointed.<br /><br />Professional film critics have commented at length on the formulaic nature of the film and its penchant for utilizing every hackneyed sports clichÃƒÂ© in the book. I needn't repeat what they've said. What I felt was sadly missing was any sense of the real excitement of unlimited hydro racing in the "glory years" (which many would argue were already past in 1971).<br /><br />Yes it was wonderful to see the old classic boats roaring down the course six abreast though it was clear that the restored versions (hats off to the volunteers at the Hydroplane and Race Boat Museum) were being nursed through the scenes at reduced speed. But where was the sound? Much of the thrill of the old hydros was the mind-numbing roar of six Allison or Rolls-Merlin aircraft engines wound up to RPM's never imagined by their designers hitting the starting line right in front of you. You didn't hear it you FELT it. Real hydro buffs know exactly what I'm talking about. There's none of that in Madison. Instead every racing scene is buried under what is supposed to be a "heroic" musical score.<br /><br />And then there are the close-up shots of the drivers riding smoothly and comfortably in the cockpits as if they were relaxing in the latest luxury limousines in some cases taking time to smile evilly as they contemplate how best to thwart the poor home-town hero. Or in one particularly ridiculous shot taking time to spot Jake Lloyd giving a "Rocky" salute from a bridge pier. In reality some unlimited drivers wore flak vests to minimize the beating they took as the boats slammed across the rock-hard water at speeds above 150 mph.<br /><br />As one reviewer so aptly put it "The sport deserves better than this."<br /><br />Finally since another user brought up anachronisms I'll add one: the establishing shot of Seattle shows the Kingdome and Safeco Field. Neither existed in 1971
critique9302 the only value in this movie is basically to laugh at how bad it really is. with a plot that makes your average middle-school writer look good and acting which is almost as good it gets my bottom score. one of tom hanks very early films where he obviously didn't have the pleasure to be real picky. the best special effect of the movie consists of a guy dressed up in an incredibly fake rubber monster consume.
critique9303 FirstlyI must admit that it isn't a good movie. AndI would never watch this movie if Pacino wasn't in it.<br /><br />The movie is about a publicist's strange 24 hours.And he is overworkeddizzysick and sometimes regretful.I don't like the character at all.It's really boringafter 20 minutes you may fall asleep.And I don't understand why Pacino wanted to be a part of this horrible movie.Just because of money or what?<br /><br />Since I'm an avid Pacino fanI bought this 2002 movie People I Know.If you haven't bought it yetdon't even think about itit's just a waste of time.
critique9304 In the title I write that the story is ludicrous. below I'll elaborate and tell you why it in my humble opinion ruins this movie.<br /><br />Gere and Danes are doing their jobs and while it's not their best work it's quite OK. The rest of the cast though is doing a really poor job. Mind you this is not entirely the actors fault. The problem is that Gere and Danes are the only ones that have characters that have even the slightest room in the movie to really give any depth. All other characters have either too little room in the movie to create any depth or the character is such a clichÃƒÂ© that it doesn't matter how hard the actors try.<br /><br />The director has a bit of a Se7en complex but looking merely at the direction I think he does an OK job.<br /><br />But the story. This is the kind of script that is bad in two ways. First of all it's a bad movie script. The characters are shallow (except for Gere's and Danes' characters) the villains are clichÃƒÂ©s and the actions of the characters is totally unbelievable. Besides this the writers must have an agenda where they want to bring back our views and ethics a hundred years. It's the kind of movie that are saying that some criminals are still criminals regardless of the fact that they have paid the price the society has given them. It's also the kind of movie that says albeit only between the lines that every form of sexual deviance should be punished without trial judge or jury. And of course according to the movie everything that is not sex in the missionary position by a married couple is a sexual deviance.<br /><br />So if you're going to film school and need an example of a bad script or if you're writing scripts yourself and want an ego boost. See it. For everyone else I recommend another movie.
critique9305 In the small American town of Meadowvale Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale the IMDb listing for this character is wrong it's definitely Dr. Blake not Dr. Blakely) is the director and founder of the famed 'Psychological Research Institute' and also host's a local T.V. programme called 'Independent Thinkers'. He uses this T.V. show to hypnotise the viewers and make them commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has the help of a large brain with an evil face that uses it's spinal cord as a tail thingy. Usually the brain is just sitting in a tank eats mice and the odd bad actor each time it eats someone it gets much bigger. Meanwhile at the local high-school gifted but troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) has been caught putting Sodium down the toilets. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake at the PRI for help with his attitude and behavioural problems. While there Dr. Blake hooks Jim up to well something I'm not actually sure what. This whatever it is is attached to the brain. At first Jim is able to resist the brain's mind control. The brain feels that Jim is a threat to itself and it's plans. Once out of the PRI Jim starts having bizarre hallucinations and crashes his car. Jim makes it to his waitress girlfriend Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston) but is handed back to Dr. Blake's assistant Verna (George Buza) soon after by Officer Marks (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim because he is the only one capable of withstanding it's mind control techniques and with 'Independent Thinkers' going national the brain doesn't want anything or anyone to stop it's evil plan for world domination! Jim quickly realises that the brain is controlling the entire town and he alone must stop the brain before it takes over the world!<br /><br />Directed by Ed Hunt who calls himself Edward Hunt here the Brain wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be. Don't get me wrong as it certainly isn't great either. The script by Barry Pearson tries a stab at satire with the brain washing and mind control by T.V. storyline. It moves along at a fair pace and isn't too boring. No explanation is given for the existence of the brain at all it's just there and that's it we have to accept it. The story is a little choppy and never fully explores one single element there's the T.V. mind control the brain itself Jim being hunted by the police & his misbehaviour and various other little bits and pieces here and there including a bizarre revelation regarding Dr. Blake that isn't explained at all. Production wise this film looks cheap and probably was cheap. The acting isn't great but I've seen worse and what is David Gale doing in this? In fact this role is similar to Gale's role in Re-Animator (1985) even down to his character's deaths in both films. The brain itself at first sits in a tank and starts to grow whenever it eats someone and by the end it is pretty big. Each stage is just made of rubber. It doesn't look particularly good and isn't scary or creepy just cheap. There's no blood or gore in it apart from a blink and you'll miss it decapitation. The nudity is provided by Dr. Blake's assistant Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before she gets eaten. The brain had a certain entertainment value for me but I would think most people would dislike it. Maybe worth a watch if you can see it on T.V. for free.
critique9306 The Italians are undeniable masters in the questionable "art" of ripping off and imitating movies. What they do is take an innovative money-making and foreign concept maintain the basic plot and just add a whole lot of action sleaze and political incorrectness. But what to do when the non-Italian original is already a reputedly notorious film and quite difficult to surpass in terms of slop and controversy? Well then I guess you simply disregard everything in terms of story-building or stylishness and fully focus on making something that is practically a porno movie! This Italian turkey was inspired by Richard Fleischer's successful slavery-saga "Mandingo" released one year earlier but since the makers were even too lazy to think up a different title you shouldn't expect anything that even remotely resembles a narrative depth character drawings unsettling atmosphere or thought-provoking statements regarding cross cultural relationships. "MandingA" is pure and simply a sexploitation effort where the plot only develops itself throughout the last ten minutes in other words when you stopped caring a long time ago already. The characters in this film are a gathering of despicable bastards which is of course to expect when you're dealing with wealthy and obnoxious white folks running a plantation in South America. The elderly and supremely sleazy owner of the place is a widower (who probably also won a couple of "Moustache-of-the-Year" awards) who exploits and extendedly whips the slaves working for him. His mistress who if I understood correctly is also his cousin (?) is a genuine bitch of a woman who enjoys provoking arguments and sneaks out of the house overnight to copulate with crucified slaves. When the plantation owner's son returns from Europe after approximately 25 minutes of purely wasted running time the plot slightly begin to develop itself at last. The handsome young man has sex with the bitchy woman a couple of times (even in front of the slaves supposedly to "demonstrate" how their masters do itÃ‚Â…) but eventually he falls in love with the cherubic preacher's daughter. His romantic preference obviously makes the bitchy woman mad with anger and she plots a horribly cruel act of vengeance that will alter life on the plantation forever. Hey Ã‚Â… I just realized this brief description of the plot actually makes "Mandinga" sound like an interesting film! Well it's NOT and I apologize if I raised anyone's anticipations. It's an incredibly boring and hideous film to struggle through but if the themes appeal to you then definitely check out the aforementioned "Mandingo". Much rather than sick exploitation that film is a truly insightful portrait of one of mankind darkest history pages and it was also a properly produced film with real actors great music and impressive filming locations. "Mandinga" has nothing absolutely nothing to offer.
critique9307 I remembered the title so well. To me it was a Flora Robson movie with Olivier and Vivien Leigh in supporting roles. And it had Vincent Massey's voice from behind whiskers. Well Flora Robson was great. Her next signature for me would be "55 Days at Peking". The same role but with different sumptuous gowns. And the same voice. As for the Armada it was a subtext. I like black-and-white films. Was everything done in Elizbethan times at night? It was talky and difficult to fathom at times. I couldn't tell which was the love interest. Was it the Spaniard or was it Vivien Leigh? And I do not believe that Elizabeth I would have been the brilliant strategist to recommend that fire ships be sent against the Armada. Apparently it worked for the Empire but not for the script. This might have been more accurate historically but Bette Davis had more engaging scripts. And I missed daylight!
critique9308 this show is awful. no comedy no plot no good characters. America are you blind give the award to real shows. i hate this show along with 30 rock. honestly I'm so glad they canceled this show. thank you CBS. keep two and a half men keep Christine keep rules of engagement keep how i meet your mother which really isn't funny but a lot funnier than this. this show is a rip off of friends. with the same director so thats okay. but keep this show gone and never bring it back. never ever ever ever. the only reason i didn't give it a 1 rating is because it keep my awake instead of asleep. those are the types of movies or TV shows that i give a one. the only reason i was still awake was because of the audiences laughter and i was looking forward to the next show. i really wish this show was funny sorry but my opinion stupid. very stupid. i don't see why everyone loves it. my opinion again. but i also find big bang theory kinda stupid. my bad smart. the class bye bye now i have a smile and it is not from watching your show.
critique9309 Like a terrible cancer raining out of the sky I wandered into this crock on some movie channel the other night. Being a fan of bad movies and actively engaging in the purchasing and viewing of said bad film i was intrigued by the idea of a genuinely terrible looking action movie coming from modern times. After that wore off though I found my hands inexplicably turning against me grabbing at anything in range and stabbing about my head and neck. Something sinister was in that tape...err...where was I...anyway this ranks among the more embarrassingly bad pieces of film I've run across. William Forsythe can't play more than one character and that character is always a walking joke. Even when set into a comic background and given things to do and say that are supposed to be funny (ala Deuce Bigalo) he's laughable in the wrong way. Erika Eleniak is much the same having starred in her fair share of terrible movies and done terrible jobs in all of them she doesn't fail to help scum up this one. Classic b-movie villain guy Andrew Divoff does a respectable job but barely even has any scenery to chew on. Even reliable standby for b-movie action Daniel Bernhardt fails to deliver anything bordering on entertainment. As for the film's own merits the plot is lame the script just like the action and the plot movement is both dull and...well stupid for lack of a better adjective(lord knows they didn't put any effort into it why should I?).<br /><br />Anyone who has seen enough movies has seen some bad ones and anyone who has seen enough bad ones can learn to appreciate them but there is simply nothing here to be enjoyed unless you are among the most bad movie tolerant and simply feel so inclined as to test your mettle. Before you do though take it from me this one isn't even terrible enough to be enjoyed (unlike say...some of the more ludicrous Italian zombie films). A fan of b-movie action would be much better off checking out most any of Bernhardt's other films or pretty much anything else that has ever been put to film for that matter. America simply is not the place to go to for action it seems especially not now. If you have a craving check out anything from over the seas films like Heroic Duo or the slightly less normal Hakaider(along with anything else in the awesome Keita Amemiya's cannon) will provide a lot more fun and way better action than your apt to find elsewhere especially here.
critique9310 I can count (on one hand) the number of good movies starring Joe Don Baker. This is not one of them.<br /><br />Interminable chase scenes dim-witted dialogue and terrible lapses in continuity made this movie a prime choice for getting the send-up on MST3K.<br /><br />And that is the only way I was able to watch this...
critique9311 The artist Daniel King (Chris John) and his mate Laura Peters (Lara Clancy) are invited to move to an old house in Cornwall in Great Britain by his childhood wealthy friend Natasha Carlton (Carol Kentish). Natasha has a crush on Daniel who is an ambiguous man regarding his sentimental life. While alone in the house weird things happen and Laura is startled and scared. When Laura meets the old insane priest Gabriel Norton (Brian Blessed) on the road she is advised to immediately leave the house since evil lived there. But the couple stays and has to face tragic consequences.<br /><br />What a messy screenplay and awful and cheesy movie this "Devil's Harvest" is! The cinematography and the camera work is not totally bad but the amateurish performances of Chris John and Carol Kentish and direction of James Shanks together with the terrible story ridiculous situations and dialogs make this movie one of the worse I have ever seen in the genre. I have occasionally seen in YouTube a couple of shorts from cinema college that are better and better than the pointless and dreadful "Devil's Harvest". In the end it is not a horror movie but a horror of movie. My vote is three.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "A Colheita do Diabo" ("The Devil's Harvest")
critique9312 I went to see this movie mostly because it looked so good in the trailers. Robin Williams and Barry Levinson should equal greatness. Instead it just continues Williams' bad streak of movies lately. What's wrong with the movie? More like what's right: the ensemble crew does a pretty good job around Robin and like usual Christopher Walken is fantastic. That being said this movie just plain wasn't good. I really only recommend seeing it if you want to see what it would be like if Jon Stewart ran for president and won. Saying he won isn't a spoiler since it was in the trailer. The concept and idea is really amusing but that's all. Most of Robin's jokes are just recycled from old comedy bits of his and there are very few laugh out loud moments and most are just dumb. Like most comedies that turn out to suck all of the funny bits are put into the trailer. Really no surprises there but come on! Some of the movie reads like a Tom Clancy or Vince Flynn novel! People were expecting this to be Robin's return to greatness. Instead it's more a Flubber.
critique9313 With Knightly and O'Tool as the leads this film had good possibilities and with McCallum as the bad guy after Knightly maybe some tension. But they threw it all away on silly evening frill and then later on with maudlin war remnants. It was of course totally superficial beautiful English country and seaside or not.The number one mistake was dumping Knightly so early on in the film when she could easily have played someone a couple of years older instead of choosing someone ten years older to play the part. They missed all the chances to have great conflict among the cast and instead stupidly pulled at the easy and low-cost heartstring elements.
critique9314 I only watched this because I saw a couple of good reviews for this so I was expecting at the very least a half-way cheesy movie. Toybox doesn't even deliver that. There are so many problems with this flick that I don't even know where to start so I will list a couple of main issues (Once again spoiler warning. Just read them it'll save you the trouble of watching this later).<br /><br />One this movie starts out with and often mentions the mythical folklore of both Celeste Noir (A witch who the main character claims she is the reincarnation of) and the mid-folker (or something like that an evil man with a big smile who cuts people open with hooks and sells their innards in pies). I liked that it was a cute concept anything to do with pies is simply enjoyable. But then you watch the movie and it's all about this idiot girl and her boyfriend (And what was the deal with him? Was he psychic? Did he have powers? Why did he keep seeing visions that even the so called 'Witch' didn't notice??) and them meeting their insane family. Not really insane they just argue a lot. That's what most of this movie is arguing and they barely touch on the supposed myth ever again except in a couple of confusing scenes that you can't make heads or tails of.<br /><br />In one scene Berenice (The main witch-related character) wanders off and does some sort of ritual by candle light. It seemed rather important but absolutely NOTHING happened after she did it it just wasted more of my time.<br /><br />And who the hell was that guy with his dog? You see him walking towards the house from the very start of the movie with that evil red-eyed dog and then he finally gets there and gets killed? What the hell?? Was he the mid-folker? Was his dog possessed? Did someone kill the dog? They never really showed that. Also any scene involving the Vicar was completely pointless and only served to weakly explain the lame ending. It was like they had all these interesting character ideas and they all went nowhere! The boyfriend who obviously had some sort of powers but never explains them. The grandmother who appeared to also have some sort of witch powers but never used them. The Vicar who...OK never mind there really was no point for his existence at all. And then there was Berenice and her stupid amulet. Could she really do magic or did she just use it to reflect light and blind people? This was a complete waste of time and the only reason I give it two stars at all is because a) Berenice is kinda cute and b) It mentioned pies. Save yourself the money of renting this and dear god don't even think about buying it unless wasting money is a new fad.
critique9315 Firstly there are some good things about this film but it's all cliche slasher stuff combined with a teen movie. In the advertising of this movie that I've seen a large emphasis was on the fact that Denise Richards is in it but she's a poor actress and not as good looking as people try to make her out to be (not that that has anything to do with the movie). And what's with that look she gives everyone? Perhaps it's part of the character but like I said the acting... Still the writing is fine. You know who it is all throughout the movie and you can almost predict what is about to happen but not in an irritating way. I think the book it's based on is probably good judging by the plot line but next time I'll read the book to find out rather than watch this.
critique9316 This is an embarrassing nth rehashing of the same plot in the nth bunch-of-idiots-young-adult-in-peril-because-they-are-idiots slasher movie of the early millennium: this time we get the story of a crazy miner who comes back from the dead to retake his gold from the hands of the usurpers. We have almost no thrills almost no bare flesh (even if the girls are really hot only one of them goes showing her bare ass for a few seconds) the usual bunch of sunset boulevard horror stars in cameo roles (this time Karen Black Richard Lynch John Philip Law Jeff Conaway) lots of fake blood only the crazy miner resurrected as a zombie is cool enough to leave you stuck - well not exactly - to the screen till the end. Don't waste your time if you are not a completist.
critique9317 I watched this film with a sort of dangerous fascination like a hedgehog trapped in the headlights. There is no doubt that (even if you enjoyed it) it's a bad movie but the important question is why? It has a good cast; it's lively; it's prepared to tackle sex head on with some of the characters actually getting some of it here and there which is unusual for a British comedy. It also has Johnny Vegas and Mackenzie Crook Marmite performers agreed but they've have had their moments in the past.<br /><br />What it's principally lacking is charm. The characters are impossibly idiotic unbelievable and alienating so that instead of a film of Men Behaving Badly the producers have made Game On. Any mediocre writer wanting to make a film about the sexual attitudes of dozy sexist British men would have got hold of a few copies of Loaded Zoo or even Viz to read Sid the Sexist and the thing would have written itself. Instead the producers clearly tried to make up some moronic difficult to care about characters. Character comedy - as opposed to slapstick etc - only works if the audience can recognise some human truth to the situation. But watching this film is like being told an annoying joke that you know is not going to end up funny but you can't stop it.<br /><br />Sadly the film is also poorly made. The plot structure is weak there's little character delineation or development and many of the scenes aren't funny. Time after time the same lame reggae chips in to divide scenes pointlessly and gratingly. There's a lot of needless repetition - when you've done one joke about parking outside a sex party you don't need to do it again. One wonders what the UK Film Council saw in the script.<br /><br />This is a world where most men are rakes and most women are continually up for it. The Apartment and Alfie satirised much the same world view but the producers of this film accept it without criticism. Thus they've ended up with a kind of inferior update of Confessions of a Window Cleaner. Somebody British needs to have another go at this kind of thing and do it properly Ã‚Â– a good next project for Simon Pegg and Edgar Wright I think...
critique9318 Typical story of an evil kid going after people. I suspect that Antonio Fargas (Huggy Bear on "Starsky and Hutch") and Vincent Schiavelli didn't want to stress this junk on their resumes (actually Schiavelli left this life with a mostly good resume). Sometimes I wish that the killers in these movies would just go after the idiots who decide that we need a new one of these movies every other month (note: that comment is not to be taken seriously; I just think that slashers have lost their touch).<br /><br />Anyway this is one movie that you'll do best to avoid. It's ninety minutes to two hours that I'll never get back.
critique9319 The fact that this cruddy series could elicit dozens of comments (much less hundreds of 'votes') speaks volumes as to the decline of Western (or at least American) civilization.<br /><br />Read Proust you morons!! Or at least Dave Barry or Calvin and Hobbes anthologies.<br /><br />Chuck Norris. Wrap your brains around the fact that in order to rate or write about this series you'd have to have spent minutes..nay HOURS...viewing this poor sod treading the boards and spewing lines with less emotional impact than the gal who used to call off the correct time on your local service.<br /><br />PLEASE DON'T WATCH THIS SHOW!! SPARE YOUR FEW REMAINING BRAIN CELLS!
critique9320 Diana Guzman is an angry young woman. Surviving an unrelenting series of disappointments and traumas she takes her anger out on the closest targets.<br /><br />When she sees violence transformed and focused by discipline in a rundown boxing club she knows she's found her home. <br /><br />The film progresses from there as Diana learns the usual coming-of-age lessons alongside the skills needed for successful boxing. Michelle Rodriguez is very good in the role particularly when conveying the focused rage of a young woman hemmed in on all sides and fighting against not just personal circumstances but entrenched sexism.<br /><br />The picture could use some finesse in its direction of all the young actors who pale in comparison to the older more experienced cast. There are too many pauses in the script which detracts from the dramatic tension. The overall quietness of the film drains it of intensity. <br /><br />This is a good picture to see once if only to see the power of a fully realized young woman whose femininity is complex enough to include her power. Its limitations prevent it from being placed in the "see it again and again" category.
critique9321 All the world said that the film Tashan would be a good movie with great pleasure but this is not the case. Vijay Krishna Acharya made a serious mistake to take as an actress Kareena Kapoor. She was unbearable throughout the film. Her tom-boy look does not really goes well. Even the film the story of the film is not making sense at all. Everyone said that the Quetin Taratino of India is Vijay but its not at all Quetin. The talent Anil Kapoor was involved in this stupid movie. Anil is an actor of large caliber and this film is not. Akshay Kumar has also been a victim of this film as all is Saif. The Style and the Phoormola is not really good in this film i was disappointed
critique9322 Based on a self-serving novel by one-time girl friend and groupie of F. Scott Fitzgerald gossip columnist Sheila Graham wrote this trashy story. Gregory Peck carries on in shameless excess as a forceful be-drunk-or-be-damned alcoholic; in contradiction to the gentle and soft spoken real Scott Fitzgerald. Focusing on Fitzgerald's Hollywood writing era late in his life the much-honored author was in fact living a quiet life and effectively fighting his alcoholism at a time when AA was not yet well known. Fitzgerald was none-too-proud to be recycling his flapper stories in order to support both his wife (in a mental hospital) and his daughter (in college). Living in a small apartment and driving a second hand Chevrolet his life was 180 degrees different than as portrayed in this movie.<br /><br />Virtually every 20th Century-Fox movie made during Daryll F. Zanuck's leadership as well as virtually every film directed by Henry King was a work of excellence. Beloved Infidel was the exception.
critique9323 Made and released at the time when the internet was just becoming huge this is a storyline Hitchcock would have loved.<br /><br />Sadly Hitchcock wasn't around to make it and we're left with an occasionally suspenseful but mostly silly thriller that is held (barely) together by Bullock's intelligence.<br /><br />It was released in 1995 but is already dated and the amount of mistakes and inaccuaracies regarding computers must be seen to be believed and you don't even have to be a dot.com person to spot them!
critique9324 This is the worst movie I've ever seen. Boring illogical terrible. Don't waste even a minute in your life to watch this crap! I hope the directors won't make any other movie because this movie bankrupts them. The movie seems to be created in one or two days with some friends of the directors (if we can use this word for these 2 guys). They use only camera in hand. Many scenes are in darkness and nothing can be seen. Lots of scenes (80% of the movie) are with conversation only. ! There are movies like Vampire vs. Zombies which you can laugh on but this one is simply bad no point to making such movies. Please stop Jason Horton and Shannon Hubbel. Don't make more movies!
critique9325 Sad... really sad. This movie has nothing (hmmm well maybe Sybil Danning) to keep you watching. It also hurt my eyes to see Linda Blair in this exploitation flick. She certainly deserves better.<br /><br />So what's the story about? Let's see... Warden John Vernon tapes the inmates in rather inspiring positions while prisoner Sybil actually runs the prison and little Linda must fight to survive... Sounds like a B-movie huh? It is.
critique9326 if they gave me the option of negative numbers I'd use it. This movie was truly god-awful. I went into the theaters expecting it to be horrible and it somehow managed to exceed my expectations.<br /><br />The script was weak the acting was painful. I wanted to walk out but my friend was driving and wanted to get her moneys worth I think we were both disappointed.<br /><br />The growing of the breasts when the girls got their super power and changing of the hair color was just wrong. Eddie Izzard just seemed wrong for the part of super villain he came off as oddly weak and silly. Jenny Johnsons (Uma Thurman) came off as psychotic and strange as did Matt's (Luke Wilson) friend Vaughn (Rainn Wilson.
critique9327 Some people don't like the animation. Personally I think the animation was quite remarkable given when this movie was done. There are lots of older cartoons that I just love. My problems with this movie are not the animation but basically the way it was constructed. The characters are all just... well goofy. And for this movie they shouldn't be. Apparently everyone in LOTR has a limping problem (for starters.) Just the way they acted in general annoyed me. My two sisters and I were laughing through most of this movie. I think that if many people had seen this before seeing the newer ones they wouldn't have gone. I'm glad I rented this and didn't buy it. There are few movies that give me a headache. This was one of them. However this isn't the worst movie I've ever seen although it ranks up there. Or down there depending on your view.
critique9328 Even though I have great interest in Biblical movies I was bored to death every minute of the movie. Everything is bad. The movie is too long the acting is most of the time a Joke and the script is horrible. I did not get the point in mixing the story about Abraham and Noah together. So if you value your time and sanity stay away from this horror.
critique9329 I like most other people saw this movie after hearing of it from Patton Oswalt. Oddly enough it was easier to find than I thought it would be. Though it shouldn't come as a surprise that I found it used.<br /><br />The plot is summed upped masterfully within the title. It's a bed that eats. Nothing more nothing less. There is an effort to throw in a story line but not a very good one.<br /><br />A demon's blood ended up on a bed and as a result it becomes possessed. It devours anything that happens upon it by absorbing and then dissolving it in what appears to be orange Fanta. There is an artist who fell victim to the bed but was sick and ends up behind a painting in the room it inhabits. The narrative is told entirely through him.<br /><br />This movie fails horribly at everything even at being bad. Still it's not without its own brand of charm.
critique9330 Were I not with friends and so cheap I would have walked out. It failed miserably as satire and didn't even have the redemption of camp.
critique9331 The only reason for me for watching this little known Irish film was the question could Mike Myers have played a normal dramatic character. Well he could and his acting was pretty good but unfortunately that was probably the only good thing that I can say about this film. In the beginning film follows life of twelve years old orphan Mickey who lives with his brother and sister with their somewhat eccentric grandma. Despite some strong language it looks like a family film but after a while it becomes clearly that Pete's Meteor is a hardly suitable for young audience drama. And the worst is that it is a drama with so much ridiculous and even totally implausible plot. One preposterous story line turns into another and all the time there is no much sense in the events on screen. I suppose when a life drama needs a meteor or what is more something that looks like even more ridiculous spiritual content that's a really bad sign. The characters are not much better than a story. Despite all his troubles young Mickey by no means is not a likable character but it's clearly was somehow we were supposed to care about him and even feel strong sympathy to him. It doesn't work. The same thing with other characters. They are mostly as ridiculous as the story itself with the title character (although he wasn't the main character) as the only bright spot. Towards the end of the movie I still had a strong hope that there is something behind of all that improbability and absurdity. Unfortunately even if the writer of the story had such intentions (and I'm sure he had) in the film they are hidden and practically imperceptible under such a weird script. <br /><br />Grade: 3 out of 10. Those of you who are interested in seeing Mike Myers as a drama actor can watch Pete's Meteor for that reason but the rest of viewers most likely will be bitterly disappointed.
critique9332 Trust me this is one let down movie that you want to avoid and this comes from one huge Denzel Washington fan. The frustrating part is that it's 1/3 of a GREAT film. The first part of this movie does an exceptional job of setting up the characters and the new relationship between Creasy and the girl he's paid to protect. The trailers to this movie all mention that she is kidnapped. So I'm giving nothing away when I say that the film degenerates into an almost unwatchable mess after she's kidnapped. Whatever the director was trying to accomplish all he succeeds in doing is making the audience literally nauseous. Rapid frantic and choppy cuts follow for the next half-hour as Creasy tracks down the perpetrators. These cuts are so unnatural and nauseating that all they do is to jolt you out of the story. I'm sure the director thought that this unsettling way to present the story signified a change in Creasy's character and signified that a different movie was to follow. Well he was right. The movie that followed was complete and unsatisfying crap. The result of which is a depressing ending that ruins even the quality first forty minutes of the movie.
critique9333 The scenery is pretty and the dog is cute. Other than that this film has absolutely nothing to recommend it. Jack Warden is pleasantly genial as usual but the script is so awful that even he comes off badly. The plot makes no sense the dialogue is dumb and there are numerous smaller faults. But the dog is cute...
critique9334 Tart is a good illustration of old the Yogi Berra saying: "If you don't know where you are going you will probably end up someplace else". Writer/Director Christina Waye (in her first feature) has managed to make a $3 Million movie that ends up someplace else. "Tart" is either a coming of age story devoid of characters that a rational person can connect with a black comedy without any humor or a sexploitation movie without anything that is particularly sexy.<br /><br />Unlike the standard Swain film "Tart" actually employed a competent and experienced production designer. Good enough to provide two extremely nice shots: the scene of Swain and Barton taking a bubble bath together and the scene of Swain in the park-featuring a nice montage of the "Alice in Wonderland" sculpture. The symbolism incorporated into these elements supports the possibility that Waye (despite the absence of a linear logic or unity of tone) actually has some visionary talent and aspirations for making a quality film. <br /><br />It is even possible that Waye was trying for a fusion of the somewhat expressionistic "Metropolitan" and the camp classic "Cruel Intentions" which also deal with the Manhattan upper class. There are many camera shots framed by windows and doors yet few tight shots of faces and eyes. The former technique hinting at symbolism and the latter at intentional distancing from the characters and their motivations. "Tart" seemed on the verge of veering into camp territory at least twice and would have been well advised to keep going in that direction. First there was the scene where they try to dump the seemingly deceased Swain into the garbage chute. Then there is the whole bit about her father being Jewish (played to the same extreme as Joel Grey dancing with the Jewish guerrilla in "Cabaret"). <br /><br />In her other films Swain's acting technique is to overwhelm each scene in which she appears (insert scenery chewing here) but in "Tart" she actually shows an ability to restrain herself. This is the best performance of her career. It also provides some clues about her physical deterioration from willowy super cute in "Girl" to hulking lumpy-faced in "Pumpkin". This transformation was about half-complete by the time she made "Tart"; so go the ravages of time. <br /><br />Mischa Barton ("Sixth Sense's" I feel better girl) and Lacey Chabet are excellent in supporting roles. The rest of the cast is simply horrible although some of the blame for this should go to Waye's script and direction.
critique9335 This film started off really tense when a poor young boy is set upon by a pack of savage dogs. After a tense chase he is saved by said grandpa with magic whip.<br /><br />We are then introduced to a string of annoying house mates including one tart who is always half dressed. During this stage the film heightens tension with strange "plinky plinky" background noises that had me on the edge of my seat.<br /><br />I stopped paying attention for a while but when I looked back on the screen there where weird creature type things going around grunting and killing. One word of advice if you are ever trapped in your home by some nutter - get some cardboard boxes and a tray.<br /><br />Although we did skip half the film because it was totally non interesting or memorable we are now at the stunning conclusion the last surviving creature thing fights a "Whip Duel" with grandpa and his magic whip. I wont say what happens here but I can say the whip battle is full of tension with aerial fights split level fights and all manner of drama.<br /><br />I am now going to shove this film through the door of a neighbour i don't like.
critique9336 Super Troopers was an instant classic. Club Dread while disappointing to many had its moments. Puddle Cruisers has fewer moments. I saw this movie on the shelf of my local video store and saw at the bottom that it was made by the Broken Lizard group who made Super Troopers so naturally I picked it up. I only found one scene to be laugh out loud funny. A far cry from Super Troopers. All in all I was very disappointed. I would not recommend this to anyone unless you have an abundance of free time and really need to kill some time. However you're better off playing video games or watching something that might make you laugh or think.
critique9337 Dissapointing action movie with an interesting premise: a young Mafia would-to-be killer (Chandler) must demonstrate to his boss that he is a good man for the service so he goes to California to take some lessons with a very known professional killer (Beluschi). First and most important task: to kill a young woman (Lee) that is a completely strange for all of them. But is she a easy target? The movie goes on and on based upon this principal idea but the result is just bad routine; even the weird twist at the end does not save the movie. Good performance by Chandler. I give this a 4 (four).
critique9338 This movie is awful. At first I thought it may appeal to children due to the cuddly Ewoks the fury little people from Stars Wars. After sitting through this monstrosity of a movie I am certain that not even a 4-year-old would find this movie interesting. The special effects are by far the best of this movie and compare well for other 80ies TV movies. The script is bad the actors especially Aubree Miller and unbelievably bad and the flick is so predictable that I still can't believe I was able to not touch the forward button on my VCR. However I came close to switching this mess off more than once.
critique9339 This film is the worst film I have ever seen. The story line is weak - I couldn't even follow it. The acting is high-schoolish. The sound track is irritating. The attempts at humor are not. The editing is horrible. The credits are even slow - I would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this waste of film. Don't waste your time even thinking about this attempt at acting.
critique9340 This version is very painful to watch. All of the acting is very stilted but especially that of Norma Shearer who is still acting as though she were in a silent movie instead of a talkie. Check out the 1937 version with Joan Crawford Robert Montgomery and William Powell which is much more entertaining.
critique9341 This movie just didn't do it for me. I like horror and splatter movies but this one has very little to do with horror. The effects are cheap and when they chop of one of her feet it looks so fake. The same goes for the other effects like the tongue torture and the gut sex. They could have spent of few extra bucks on the effects.<br /><br />With lots of sex (with pixelization as in all Japanese movies) this is just a sick fetish porn and there seems to be a market for sick stuff like this. While bloodier for me it fits in with titles like Squirmfest / Purge and the Genki series. These movies feature girls eating and playing with every fluid that comes out of your body eating bugs and fish in a gross way and having sex with all kinds of weird animals like toads eels and... One look at the covers will tell horror fans to look elsewhere. No horror herejust sick and degrading sex scenes.<br /><br />Horror fans should avoid this one and are better of checking out Guinea Pig2: Flowers of Flesh and Blood or even August Underground Mordum. While these are not great they at least offer a horror experience and Niku Daruma absolutely fails in that department.
critique9342 There is one great moment in *Surviving Christmas* that almost makes it worth the pain: James Gandolfini cracks a shovel over Ben Affleck's stupid head.<br /><br />This movie serves as yet another unfortunate example of James Gandolfini proving what a great actor he is whilst simultaneously besmirching his career by acting in this film.<br /><br />Young and wealthy ad exec Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) has been inculcated into believing that one must never be alone on Christmas. (And there from the outset is the underlying problem with our suspension of disbelief in this idiotic movie: how many people of Drew's social standing in 2004 truly care one way or another whether Christmas is spent alone or with half the family or with a fifty-dollar prostitute?) Storyline finds Drew buying off a family to spend Christmas with on the condition that they pretend to be his own insensately ignoring all the indications to the contrary that his money has not bought the emotions he was seeking.<br /><br />For $250000 a surly suburban truck driver Tom Valco (James Gandolfini) and his disheveled wife Christine (Catherine O'Hara) agree to be Drew's ad hoc family against protests from their son Brian (a very one-dimensional Josh Zuckerman) and daughter Alicia (a very soft-focused Christina Applegate). Drew then spends the rest of the movie supposedly recapturing his youth or - something. The messages in this movie are as twisted and illogical as its dry-mouthed storyline. Fraught with overt psychoses Drew plasters a fake smile on his face and blindly remains in denial against every denigration that he was supposedly buying the Valco family to avoid.<br /><br />Which begs the question: If Drew is paying these people to recapture some semblance of joyous familial emotion how psychotic must he be to pretend happiness amongst their barbs and mental anguish over his presence? It is not a case of the Valco family hiding their true feelings and pretending to be happy while around Drew - three of the four members make it patently clear they despise him. Is he so incognizant that he cannot see that his money is not buying him the "family" atmosphere he was inculcated into believing was a truth in the first place? As with all movies this opprobrious one wonders how *four* screenwriters could possibly get so tangled in their own narcissistic dreams of appearing in a credits sequence that they will overlook any semblance of plausibility or intelligence.<br /><br />Director Mike Mitchell who was responsible for *Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo* - stop right there. 'Nuff said.<br /><br />Gandolfini and O'Hara somehow manage to shine proving their mettle amongst this mess. Christina Applegate is willowy and cutesy and blond and fiery in all the right places scathingly cutting Drew into little strips of carcass for most of the movie then doing an about-face and falling in love with him because the script tells her to.<br /><br />And I wouldn't go so far as to say that Affleck is a bad actor but John Schneider better look over his shoulder. There's a whole new level of Desperately Seeking Talent in town.
critique9343 To identify this movie as a vampire movie would be technically correct. Simply because it will suck the life right out of you.<br /><br />Vampire Effect is an insult to movie-buffs everywhere. The plot is almost non-existent. The make-up is just plain awful. And the acting is just not there.<br /><br />I have to wonder if Jackie Chan owed someone a huge favor to be convinced to appear in this film.<br /><br />My wife picked up the movie at the rental store because it had a picture of Jackie Chan on the front (as though he was playing the lead) and thought that a good JC flick would be fun to watch. This movie was interesting to watch in the same way that you can't help staring at the car wreck when you drive by. You realize very quickly the movie isn't going to get any better but you keep watching wonder just how bad it will get.
critique9344 ... but the trouble of this production is that it's very far from a good musical.<br /><br />Granted one can't always expect the witty masters like Sondheim or Bernstein or Porter; yet the music of this piece makes even Andrew Lloyd Webber look witty. It's deadly dull and uninventive (with one or two exceptions) and just after I watched it I couldn't recall a single significant melody - which is rather tragic coming from someone who learned the whole Another Hundred People from three listenings.<br /><br />It is also strangely un-theatrical. It takes place on an incredibly large stage (one really has to feel sorry for those people in front rows who broke their necks in order to see something happening 50 meters on the right or 100 meters on the left) and does absolutely nothing with it. When there's supposed to be one person singing on-stage that's just what you get - and the rest of the enormeous stage is empty. For me as an aspiring theatre director it was almost painful to watch.<br /><br />The fact remains Cole Porter seems to have captured the French culture in his works better than these no-talents can ever come close to. And I'm puzzled by the popularity of this would-be-legendary musical.
critique9345 This is so incredibly bad. Poor actors. You can tell they're trying really hard to polish a turd but we all know you can't. The writing is so obvious and facile it's sad watching them try to sell it. The humor and pacing are so labored it's hard to believe any of these good actors signed on for this.<br /><br />That said it's so awful that we're having a hard time looking away from the screen. We just have to know where this trainwreck goes. But that's only because we caught it on TV. If we had actually PAID for this we'd be disgusted. <br /><br />So it gets 2 stars for being at least amusingly/fascinatingly bad. And the incidental music (as opposed to the trying-too-hard indie soundtrack) is laughably reminiscent of an episode of Scooby-Doo... but not as good.
critique9346 five minutes after watching this i logged on to IMDb to warn all of you out there not to bother with this movie... genre:horror? it had moments of mild suspense and throughout the whole movie i was thinking to myself "somethings gotta happen soon" it did not...when the movie ended i felt so embarrassed for the writer/director i've never been the biggest fan of patrick rea this guy just does not know how to make movies and after watching this sorry excuse of a horror flick i've gone from not been the biggest fan to will not watch another of his works..<br /><br />i was taken in by the plot summary please don't make the same mistake.<br /><br />i gave this movie a 2 for the actors..they were not bad and it wasn't there fault they got such bad direction...
critique9347 Deep Shock plays out like a TV movie: a whole cast of commercial-quality actors a poorly designed creature to be the "bad guy" and a script that is more full of technical political jargon and importances than it knows what to do with.<br /><br />I checked out the movie because of the creature (I love to see what filmmakers have in mind for their designs in these cheaply made videos) and right off the bat I got disappointed because the creature on the box was not the one in the movie. The actors I expected because of the type of film it is (really quite generic and not thought out past a certain point). The music was typical not-thought-out action symphonic music.<br /><br />I liked the design of the computers and technical equipment along with the mini-sub design. The movie even flowed really well with guiding screens letting you know which set you're watching the story unfold in. But there isn't much of a story here anyways.<br /><br />This movie gets a 3/10 stars IMO. The boring search and destroy mission to blow up the North Pole and these creatures protecting it...kinda lame. Even lamer is the tagged-on love relationship between two of the characters that you don't see coming. Chalk this one up to being a movie which tries to get actors' careers off the bench and into a video. Don't bother.
critique9348 Awful awful awful.<br /><br />A condescending remark at the start and a few nasty autopsy photos does not a good movie make. Once again I'm amazed at the determination and skill that some people have in achieving a movie production and yet they don't have the pride to realise that what they have made is an utter pile of crap.<br /><br />I sat and tried to think of a redeeming feature so that I could at least balance my criticism but the only one I could think of was that the opening track by Pink was pretty good....I wonder if she has seen this?<br /><br />Watch this at your peril the boredom may kill you.
critique9349 Having read the comments on the site I feel compelled to write in for the first time. It seems this movie is like Marmite and has split the audience. I have to say that while I agree films don't have to make sense to be enjoyable (see MULHOLLAND DRIVE) they still have to engage you with the characters. Now while I was totally absorbed by the murderous lesbian affair in Lynch's opus I have to say I couldn't give a turd about Mr Green or the other cardboard gangsters that inhabited this dayglo world. <br /><br />Also while so many people seem to try and say you didn't enjoy because you didn't get it I would have to disagree - I didn't enjoy because I was bored. I wanted the film to end and constantly listening to those quotes over and over again did not help. Call it clever if you will - I think it's repetitious.<br /><br />However my main reason for writing is to ask all the other reviewers a question - there were no end credits on the print of the film I saw. Just music over black. Did I watch a dud print or is this evidence of GR's pretentiousness? Or did everyone involved in the movie watch the rough cut and have their name removed???
critique9350 What I hate about this show is how poorly the leads are written. These women have no self-respect or dignity. The entire plot is them throwing themselves at guys. Amanda Bynes' talent is completely wasted. She was brilliant on "All That" and her own show. Why they would write her and Jenny Garth as vapid airhead desperate men chasing "old-maid" wannabes is beyond me.<br /><br />Their plots and dialog remind me of "The Simpons" Homer says whenever his cartoon character Poochie is not on screen "Everyone should ask where's Poochie?". All the talk centers on whining about some guy and then whining to some guy. Sometimes they change it up and the guy whines instead. Then they get back together or break up at the end. The 2 women are either shallow stupid or sex addicts. The only word I can think of is "sucks".
critique9351 Daraar got off to a pretty good start. The first scene really left me at the edge of my seat wondering what would happen next. Other than that the first half of the movie is a total BORE. All the first half of the movie is about is Rishi Kapoor falling head over heels in love with Juhi Chawla. By the way don't you think he's a little old for her???<br /><br />Things finally start to spice up towards the middle of the film when Juhi tells us about her previous husband; and wow what a lunatic is he! He was an over-protective neat-freak with a really HOT TEMPER! He used to beat up poor Juhi for no good reason! One of the reasons I really don't like this movie is because I can't stand to see Juhi (my favorite actress) get so abused. This film in general has WAY too much abuse and bloodshed; I find it so sickening!!!<br /><br />Anyway all I'm trying to say is if you're thinking about renting Daraar you should put it right back on the shelf where you found it and pick something else!
critique9352 A show about an incredibly dumb man-child and his shrewish hot wife. 99% of the plots revolves around Doug doing something unbelievably stupid and then comes a variable: a) either he hides it from his wife or b) tell his wife she emasculates him and then it's up to the father-in-law (Arthur: the typecast character from Seinfeld) to aggravate the situation.<br /><br />And the writers dare to say it was influenced by the "Honeymooners" (an absolute classic) and that the plots are drawn from real-life situations unless you live in a cave you know that's not true.<br /><br />Anyway let's just put it this way. If Kevin James had been thin the show would have got canceled fromm the pilot. If you're 12 or you're fond of fat jokes.. be my guest watch this show (or any of Kevin James movies for that matter).<br /><br />I've noticed some posters compare this travesty to much superior shows like Friends Seinfeld and Everybody Loves Raymond -- I'm still wondering how could anyone do that
critique9353 Well...now that I know where Rob Zombie stole the title for his "House of 1000 Corpses" crapfest I can now rest in peace. Nothing about the somnambulant performances or trite script would raise the dead in "The House of Seven Corpses" but a groovie ghoulie comes up from his plot (ha!) anyway to kill the bloody amateurs making a low-rent horror flick in his former abode! In Hell House (sorry I don't remember the actual name of the residence) a bunch of mysterious unexplained deaths took place long ago; some like arthritic Lurch stand-in John Carradine (whose small role provides the film's only worthwhile moments) attribute it to the supernatural; bellowing film director John Ireland dismisses it as superstitious hokum. The result comes across like "Satan's School for Girls" (catchy title; made-for-TV production values; intriguing plot) crossed with "Children Shouldn't Play With Dead Things" (low-rent movie about low-rent movie makers who wake the dead); trouble is it's nowhere near as entertaining or fun. "The House of Seven Corpses" is dead at frame one and spends the rest of its 89 minutes going through rigor mortis dragging us along for every aching second...
critique9354 You expect it to be juvenile but you at least expect a complete and coherent movie. What a waste. I am extremely disappointed not at just having watched a bad movie but at having such a great concept be tainted by a common movie that we've all seen before. If this crud makes $1 over its budget The studio would be wise to declare victory round up all available copies store them deep within the nuclear waste repository under Yucca Mountain and then never make another movie like it again. Most of this movie will keep you thinking "This is not what I wanted to see." This film appeals to the unintelligent and maybe to teenagers. It's a true shame because most movies are made for that demographic. I had much higher hopes for this film.
critique9355 Warning: This review contains minor spoilers.<br /><br />Well the writers of the first Tremors are officially out of ideas. I'm a big fan of the first movie and the first two sequels are pretty good for straight to video fare. Tremors 4: The Legends Begins however is a very dull movie. Where the heck are the Graboids??? <br /><br />Due to the relative lack of Graboids through the first 90 minutes I'm convinced that this entry into the series is suppose to be a "character study". Unfortunately there isn't one interesting character in the movie except for Billy Drago's character who is given too few lines too little to do and in the end too little screen time. What saved the 2nd and 3rd movies was the presence of Michael Gross as Burt Gummer. Whenever there wasn't any action on the screen you could rest assured that Burt Gummer was going to be interesting to listen too and/or watch. However in this movie Gross plays Hiram Gummer a very poor and boring substitute. <br /><br />On the plus side when the Graboids (Dirt Dragons in this movie) are on the screen they do look good but that is about as good as it gets.<br /><br />I was impressed when I saw that Tremors 4 was listed at 101 minutes long. Pretty good for straight to video. But after watching it I'm sure that this movie is a good 15 minutes too long. There are long stretches of dialogue that is boring and doesn't further the plot any. Was there a rush to get this movie made? I think not more time could have and should have been spent on the script.<br /><br />I thought I had hit a gold mine when I saw Tremors 4 packaged for sale with....Tremors!!! What luck I thought pay for #4 get #1 for free. Well after watching Tremors 4 I like to think I paid for the original and got this mess for free I can't imagine paying a single dime for Tremors 4. For fans of the series it's best to forget that Tremors 4: The Legend Begins even exists.<br /><br />Tremors 4: The Legend Begins rates a 3 out of 10.
critique9356 When I saw the poster at the theater I thought that it is a "new line" of a horror story without a famous cast worth giving a try. But after I went in I wanted to leave after 20 minutes. There was a lot of non-sense and logical flaws. To me it is a movie that is not worth putting in theaters. It is not even worth seeing.
critique9357 Just a few words: it's a good thing George A Romero is still among us cause if he were dead he would be forced to rise from grave to vote against the people who made this 'political satire' And the saddest thing of all is that I actually agree with these people's sentiments. Yeah there's zombies in it and they do have a good reason to come back from beyond the grave: to vote. Oh and one of them finishes off The Doctor from Startrek Voyager. That's about as scary as it will get people. If you are looking for a horror-movie I suggest you keep on looking. And if you are looking for a witty political satire you're also in the wrong place and not just because this series is called Masters of Horror. But don't let me hold you back: maybe you see something I've missed. Though chances are you'll be wasting your time with it just as I have. Let's just say I prefer my Zombie-movies with the zombies standing in frÃƒÂ³nt of the camera.
critique9358 I really like Salman Kahn so I was really disappointed when I seen this movie. It didn't have much of a plot and what they did have was not that appealing. Salman however did look good in the movie looked young and refreshed but was worth the price of this DVD. The music was not bad it was quite nice. Usually Indian movies are at least two to three hours long but this was a very short movie for an Indian film. The American actress that played in the movie is from the television hit series Heroes Ali Larter. Her acting had a lot to be desired. However she did look good in the Indian dresses that she wore. All the movie had not a lot to be desired and I hope Salman does a lot better on his next movie. Thank you.
critique9359 What a production what a waste of screen-time and money. Here is what some european so called producer think of a scifi movie. Take former model Alexandra Kamp pair a with an US c-class actor and get one of film business most notorious producer Harry A. Towers. Towers then finds some obscure munich based prod. house Tandem communication Rola Bauer and then mix it all up with no script whatsoever and you'll get "Sumuru" - a priceless gem among the worst movies ever done! Get a live people and do something else whatever you do no movies please!! To top everything producers went to South Africa for filming what you see on screen is one giant sand hole where the "action" takes place between extremely bad actors and extremely bad fx that any film student would do better.
critique9360 This television show is stereotypical and far-fetched in many of its aspects.<br /><br />First of all the setting. All of the characters attend PCA this unbelievable boarding school with painted stylish dorms. The campus seems to have no reasonable rules - for instance the boys are often seen in the girls' dormitories and vice versa. But this may be simply because the dorm adviser a silly character that basically bores the viewer instead of amusing them as I assume her purpose is supposed to be sits around and does nothing. I have friends in boarding schools and they laugh at many aspects of the school in this show.<br /><br />Next the characters. I was so disappointed to discover that Nickelodeon wasn't creative at all with the personalities in this show. They all represent on characteristic which is exaggerated to the extreme: Zoey is supposedly perfect in everything she does (looks grades sports guys judgment creativity etc) Michael is the jock Logan is the arrogant jerk who basically does nothing aside from aggravate all the characters as well as us poor viewers Nicole is the preppy idiot who knows nothing but somehow maintains straight-A's Dana was the tough girl Quinn is the unrealistic 'smart kid' whom they consistently make fun of Chase is the guy who is afraid of confessing his 'true feelings' which really aggravates me as the show continues and that new girl- Lola or something- is just another clone of Nicole.<br /><br />The main two characters that aggravate me the most are Zoey and Quinn. First of all I just do not understand Zoey's character. She was obviously created to be the 'perfect' character as I said above but she seems to be the most flawed out of all of them- in most of the episodes she creates a problem then has to fix it. What's frustrating is that we are supposed to love her and think she is amazing when they haven't even created a very realistic character to begin with.<br /><br />Quinn on the other hand bothers me because she is exaggerated to the point at which her character is absolutely insulting. The impression I get from Nick concerning her character is that 'geeks' and 'nerds' are people to laugh at to criticize to mock. In the spring break episode they did a year ago they introduced two more 'nerds' who the characters had to make 'cool.' I found this highly offensive and stereotypical. What kind of message is Nick sending to these kids? Is it: Don't do well in school don't get good grades don't study hard- you'll end up being a geek and we will mock your profession in future television series! Because that is definitely the message I get from these poorly constructed characters and it is an awful message through and through.<br /><br />All I can do is hope that Nick one day realizes that by putting down the intelligent folks in our world they are not doing anyone any good.
critique9361 This movie had some andrenaline kickers but it's an old story that simply could never happen. Navy protocols could never break down that much that a crew much less an XO could ever go that far against the Captain. I'll take Dr. Strangelove any day if I wish to see this plot. Sidenote--the US Navy did not support this film.
critique9362 The credits come from the Sandy Frank stitching job that was made to turn this movie into Cave Dwellers for re-release. Now that that's cleared up...oh! Excruciating eye-gouging pain. Blade Master leaps shamelessly on the sword & sorcery bandwagon started by the Conan flicks...except the bandwagon never left the garage anyway. As such this Italian flick is a dud trying to rip-off a box office dud with predictable results. However this would give too little credit to the director and writers who make no effort whatsoever to maintain a coherent plot continuity any semblance of era-accurate continuity. Miles O'Keefe is no leading man now or forever (Tarzan The Ape Man proved that if Ator didn't). Just an unlikeable picture and a chore to watch.
critique9363 A decent sequel but does not pack the punch of the original. A murderous screenwriter(Judd Nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel CABIN BY THE LAKE. Still ruthless killing but movie seems very tongue-in-cheek. Any humor is not of the funny kind. Total project seems to have the quality of a quickie and at times Nelson is way over the top. This movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen...this should have happened to this script.
critique9364 This movie makes Canadians and Brits out to be asinine moronic idiots. The men get stoned/drunk and then they yell/beat each other up in almost every scene. The women are superfluous to the story Ã‚Â– I do not understand what they are there for Ã‚Â– they spend every scene causing a ruckus or worse milling around like mesmerized cattle. Apparently Canadian women are either quarrelsome vulgar tramps or hulking hippie chicks. It's the standard knocked-up girlfriend her loser boyfriend and his wicked mother ludicrousness that we have seen in countless movies before.<br /><br />Every character here is a carping infantile stereotype. Not to mention that they all looked like they need a shower! And the idea of any kind of scene implying sex with George Wendt Ã‚Â– shudder Ã‚Â– is enough to make anyone gag! I watched the movie because Samuel West was in it Ã‚Â– but I cannot understand why he would have accepted a role like this. Maybe he needed the money. Ian Tracey is a superb actor - the only one with a vague redeeming moment but his talent is wasted here.<br /><br />As for the rest of the plot Ã‚Â– the three imbeciles trying to get their dope back Ã‚Â– yawn - or Karl Ã‚Â– who is dead but who is actually a character very much alive in the minds of those left behind (almost like Rebecca in Alfred Hitchcock's masterpiece Ã‚Â– although I am ashamed to even have thought to compare these two films) why even bother? Karl is so galling that you find the circumstances of his death gratifying.<br /><br />By the end of this wretched movie I thought they would all have been better off going down with him on that boat!
critique9365 How could I best express my feelings about this movie: hideous? a headache? lack of coherent writing? plain stupidity? Try all of the above for this travesty. And that just for the direction.<br /><br />Story? Well I guess there is a story. Two dumb blondes look for a job after they crash a plane into a golf course. They are mistaken for a 'world renounced assassin' (sarcasm) and are 'hired' by two 'mobsters'. One thinks "taking him out" means a date and the other gets the minor actor she dreams of. And of course the turtle reserve for the farting turtle that they build with the casino winnings.<br /><br />Sounds likes all this could be funny? Guess again. They try to make it funny but its not. Filming sequences aren't well done. I've seen better filming in Hong Kong movies. Visuals are average for a late 80s film. But the problem is that its a 2007 movie.<br /><br />Not worth my time to ever watch this again. It still doesn't beat Danny Glover's "Out" movie from the early 80s as the worst movie of all time but then again that film is in a class of its own. "F"
critique9366 HORRENDOUS! Avoid like the plague. I would rate this in the top 10 worst movies ever. Special effects acting mood sound etc. appear to be done by day care students...wait I have seen programs better than this. Opens like a soft porn show with a blurred nude female doing a shower scene then goes bad from there. Good nude scenes but that is it. Sound and light problems were persistent throughout the movie. At times I would swear I could hear the roaring of the camera motors. YIKES! I would like to see another movie on this story but done by different people. This batch of actors and crew need more acting and movie making lessons. Voted 1 out of 10.
critique9367 Right away this film was ridiculous. Not that it didn't have redeeming aspectsÃ‚Â… For example the best thing about this film was the beautiful background scenery. Anyone not living on the East Coast should know the South doesn't have beautiful mountains like those found in the West. I knew it was Utah right off the bat but perhaps Dalton couldn't suppress his English accent so they had to excuse it by saying this was a southern town. Subverting his accent into a Southern one was easier. Sure the film has plot twists but its phony sense of place was something I couldn't get past. It's not like Utah doesn't have meth labs... so why the writers thought it necessary to pretend it was in the South is beyond me. <br /><br />One other thing in action pictures always puzzles me. Why do they always make the "cocking" sound effect when the character pulls out an automatic handgun? It seemed every other sound effect in this movie was a "chuk-chich" signifying a 9mm was loaded and ready to fire. Of course the weapons already had rounds chambered so this was unnecessary. <br /><br />Lastly the pyrotechnics were WAY over the top. But hey this film was targeted to a certain 'market segment' I suppose... It's too bad. Each of the actors can act but this film was lame.
critique9368 Well after three times through I still have no idea what this movie is about because quite honestly it failed to generate any real interest or concern. But here it goes: A bunch of too old to be teen Teen Actors dressed in horrifying latter 1980's fashions (did WE look like that too??) decide it would be a really good idea to get in a motorboat and go visit the abandoned Alcatraz after one of them has nightmares of people being slaughtered in various horrifying ways that manage to rip off POLTERGEIST THE EVIL DEAD and Freddy Kreuger in one fell swoop. The dimwit even envisions himself being roasted over an open fire with some deformed freak slicing off strips of tenderloin. Good thing it was only a dream or it might have hurt and good thing his dreams had a decent special effects budget. Mine are usually pretty lame: Girls model space ships blowing things up with a bazooka etc.<br /><br />Once on the Alcatraz island they find themselves in a Slasher movie and meet up with Tony Basil who cannot help but break into a couple dance poses at times and had her own lighting crew (complete with a smoke machine for that 1980's smoky haze infused light look which I kind of miss). And such reminded me that Ms. Basil helped choreograph David Byrne of the Talking Heads for some of his videos and performances. This of course has nothing at all to do with the film but kept popping into mind as the movie posed very little to actually think about. It sort of happens and you can either watch or keep working on your page markup with it on the TV set off to the side. But since the film isn't really interesting you'll keep deciding to finish one last thing instead of wasting time the movie will keep ending and you'll find yourself wondering what you missed every time you realize the end credits are starting to roll again dammit ...<br /><br />*SOME* 1980's Teen Horror movies can survive such specialized viewing: Umberto Lenzi's GHOSTHOUSE CHOPPING MALL & it's Killbots the hard to ignore NIGHT OF THE CREEPS and the over-the-top SLEEPAWAY CAMP all come to mind. They are films that like them or not demand your attention and usually pay off with some good gore or T&A and typos in your work as evidence that you were watching the TV instead of your keyboard. I am sure that HELL ISLAND (as the British version I glommed onto is titled) does indeed have some good stuff in there but frankly I don't care. And nothing is more annoying that encountering art of any genre that doesn't inspire admiration some decent dislike or even good old honest hatred for it. The film is content with simpering away 80-whatever minutes of time and never really accomplishing anything more than being a sometimes distraction in spite of my best efforts to try and give it a chance but no dice.<br /><br />There is some offbeat production design going on the use of lighting is striking at times and the occasional outburst of mayhem will probably keep fans of 1980's Teen Horror interested. The rest of you be warned though: YOU WILL WONDER IF YOU DRESSED LIKE THAT IN 1987 and the answer is probably more hideous than anything which happens on screen. Try to watch it as a free rental if possible so that if disappointed you aren't stuck with the damn thing: Movies like this take up valuable shelf space that is often at a commodity these days what with the world coming to an end & all ...
critique9369 To summarize my group of friends and I spent about 45 minutes outside the theater sharing our favorites gaffes plot inconsistencies untied loose ends and other ridiculous aspects of this movie. I found the story trite to the point of inconsequential and the plot lines as underdeveloped as the dino embryos still locked in the shaving cream canister from Jurassic Park 1. The editing was poor and none of the characters engendered any sort of sympathy or feeling. In short this movie lacked any of the suspense and thrill that the first movie provided from a story standpoint<br /><br />Even the new dinosaurs were few and far between (although I really enjoyed the pterodactyls.) We got several brief shots of the new species and only 2 really were involved in the action.<br /><br />As a scientist and former childhood paleontologist the lack of any real scientific content (not that it had to be realistic but logically formed i.e. how they built the dinos in #1 and malcom's chaos ramblings) was disappointing as well.<br /><br />In short the movie seemed to be nothing more than an excuse to trot dinos back on the scene to make some money. I hope that movie-goers don't fall for this trap again (although I did apparently)
critique9370 **Could be considered some mild spoilers but no more than in anyone else's review of this film.**<br /><br />I knew that nothing could conceivably live up to the absolute brilliance of the original "Carrie" which was more of a film about social criticism than it was about setting the gym on fire. Carrie White was "victim" epitomized and her story conveyed the helplessness that the truly exploited must feel.<br /><br />Whoever conceived the "Rachel" character for "The Rage" must have completely missed the subtleties of "Carrie." For the audience to genuinely share the victim's rage s/he must be a sympathetic character-- a true outcast who is more a victim of circumstance than of his/her own vices. Rachel is entirely too unpleasant to convey any sort of the emotional depth and connection of Sissy Spacek's "Carrie." And she looks and acts like she should be right along-side the 'attractive and popular brigade' that she ends up torching. She like the rest of them has a soul that is every bit as corrupt whereas Carrie was a complete innocent.<br /><br />It just doesn't work. There's no satisfaction in seeing the pretty children-- not even the "Home Improvement" boy-- getting offed in this movie's climactic scene. And it's so unnecessarily gory! There was no actual bloodshed seen in the burning gym! <br /><br />And there is one person in particular that this movie should NOT have had the audacity to kill off... but I won't say who it is. If you've seen the original "Carrie" it's the sort of character who dies unjustly.<br /><br />At least they DID create the connection to Carrie appropriately; it's explained as it should have been. But that and the arm tattoo which was done rather nicely is just about the only thing this movie has going for it.<br /><br />Yet another hideous "Scream" knock-off and it taints the reputation of one of the most compelling films ever made. <br /><br />Rating: 1 out of 10. I wasn't expecting much but I was still horribly disappointed. An unsympathetic character a series of irritating pop-culture references thrown in for no good reason and an ending scene that pales in comparison to "Carrie"'s gravestone shocker.
critique9371 I saw that this movie was coming out and could not wait to see it. I have to say I was very disappointed with it. This would have been better as a mini-series. The whole show seemed very rushed. They did not explain things very clearly. At the end they showed John Paul II alive and well and the next scene he was dead. Never any explanation as to what happened. (We all know what happened in real life) I think ABC dropped the ball big time on something that could have been great. In all I think this movie was a blur. It seemed like a drunken monkey jumping around from one point in John Paul's life to another point never explaining how or why things happened. Such as when his older brother leaves it was never explained that his brother was a doctor and that is why he left home. Also when his father dies all we see is his father lying on the floor and that was that. I was very disappointed with the over all movie.
critique9372 The minute the forward started I knew we were in for trouble! The premise is laughable at best. The story line was even worse if that is possible.<br /><br />The acting was stiff and the actors gave off a sense of inexperience. You expect more from the likes of Slater Reid and Dorff. Lines were delivered as if from a robot. And I'm sorry I like Reid but she was VERY unbelievable as an archaeologist. Slater and Dorff picked a lousy film to try and stage their comebacks. <br /><br />The continuity was off through out the entire film. The creatures weren't bad but they really weren't good either. <br /><br />Bottom line I want that ninety minutes of my life back. They can keep the money but give me the time! What a waste.
critique9373 The satirical movie website Dateline Hollywood joked that "Son of the Mask" was all a practical joke star Jamie Kennedy played on New Line Cinema for his show "The Jamie Kennedy Experiment." If only. And if only the movie had been half as funny as that satire piece.<br /><br />"The Mask" was the ideal vehicle for the face-pulling Jim Carrey that so many viewers dote on; it also delighted males over the age of 12 by introducing Cameron Diaz. So having a followup minus both of them was not a good idea plus you'd have thought New Line would have learned their lesson after "Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd." But no... though to be fair having an all new cast is in keeping with the original comic (in which the Mask went from owner to owner). As written by Lance Khazei and directed by Lawrence Guterman however there's nothing there in return except a steady stream of admittedly decent FX by the usual squadron of houses (Industrial Light and Magic improving on the "Ally McBeal" dancing baby and their own "Baby's Day Out" with the Tippett Studio Giant Killer Robots Digital Dimension and so on in support) and an even greater pandering to cartoon fans by having our hero work at an animation company (responsible for such gems as "Siamese Popes") naming his character after Tex Avery and working in not just references to classic cartoons but actual clips.<br /><br />The trouble is that last approach doesn't really work partly because most of the attempts to bring cartoon trappings to live action fall flat (especially the cars getting in the party mood) and mostly because the tributes to the Flintstones Woody Woodpecker "Duck Amuck" and especially "One Froggy Evening" show up how weak this movie is in comparison. Plus the movie fits in shambolic slapstick alongside strained sentiment (the underlying theme of the story is family; our hero isn't ready to have a son and his nemesis - Alan Cumming as the Norse god Loki - is far from the apple of Odin's eye... and what Bob Hoskins is doing here as Odin even after "Super Mario Bros." is beyond me) and Kennedy just isn't in the same league as Carrey in the zany stakes - though it's not like he gets any help from the script. Also note that unlike Diaz the very cute Traylor Howard (as the mother of the son of the Mask) doesn't get much to do; giving HER the Mask might have helped the movie.<br /><br />Further points are lost for throwing away Cumming Hoskins Steven Wright and Magda Szubanski; for a suspiciously abbreviated running time (which would account for some gaping plot holes and scenes that seem to be missing); and for an incredibly bad attempt at an inside joke when our hero fails to sell the concept of the "green guy" as an animated TV series - "The Mask" did become an animated TV series in real life and was a far better follow up than this sequel. The fact that this actually opened in Britain before the US should tell you everything... what with this and "Blade: Trinity" New Line seems intent on cornering the market on dreadful sequels with cast members from "Two Guys And A Girl." What next "The Butterfly Effect 2" with Nathan Fillion?<br /><br />Somebody stop this.
critique9374 I went into this with my hopes up by twenty minutes into the movie I couldn't have been more let down. Despite thinking that this would be another horribly bad remake I kept my hopes high that maybe...just maybe someone would get it right this time around. Sadly Prom Night is about on the same quality level as the recent April Fools Day remake bad script bad direction cheesy overdone acting and generally bad horror.<br /><br />From beginning to end it's boring repetitive and worthy of about a dozen eye rolls. We've seen it all before and we've seen it done a million times better then this. If you go to see Prom Night in the theater (I'd say wait for the DVD or PPV) get ready for the audience to laugh because laugh they will. The laughs aren't at points in the movie that are supposed to be funny they are in response to key "thrilling" moments in the film that are so poorly done you feel as if your watching the newest installment of Scary Movie. Seriously was this supposed to be a remake or a spoof? The film makers missed the mark so badly here that a large number of the audience in the theater I attended walked out about halfway through the movie. Which in retrospect I wish I had done. Not me though I had to torture myself and stick with it hoping it would get better. Needless to say It didn't. The "horror" scenes are a joke not even so much because of the acting but because of the direction the script the "special effects" and the camera work. The movie manages to look as if they spent a fortune to produce it but still came out of it with a micro budget movie. I halfway expected to see dollar store tags on some of the props and kept thinking I would spot a porn star in the cast somewhere. <br /><br />This movies scary alright if this is the future of big budget horror then the horror genre is doomed.
critique9375 I give this piece of Hollywood trash 1 out 10! Seriously! I mean I like comedy as much as the next guy. I also can take just plain stupid comedy and actually sit back and laugh with it. But this film had nothing to laugh at OR with.<br /><br />I like nearly all of the actors in this film. So I thought I'd overlook what many people told me about it (my fault for not listening). I was just mortified at how stupid this script was! Just ridiculous and not even in a funny way. The only funny scenes were in the previews that everyone saw in the theater when seeing other movies or on TV. I was very disappointed and I really would like to know why these otherwise relatively good actors would read this script and then still sign up to be in it! Bad decision on their parts...<br /><br />*********************MAJOR SPOILER************************<br /><br />Okay - here's my biggest question on this film.......If the characters are looking back on this story of Jewel (Liv Tyler) after the fact....then how can Paul Reiser have gone to a therapist remembering the past!?!?!?!? He dies in the last scene by being crushed by the dumpster!!!! Can anyone answer me that?!?!?!?!? Major goof on the part of the film makers.....Nobody noticed this?!?!?!?!?!?!
critique9376 The Wizard of Menlo Park was deeply responsible for many things we take for granted in 2007: even if he did not invent them without rivals or assistants he gave birth to the electric light the phonograph the motion picture camera the electric car battery the electric power grid (possibly his most important but least recalled invention) the pre-fabricated house and innovations to the telephone and telegraph as well as the ticker-tape machine and an early voting machine. The total number of patents is over 1000 - far more than any other American Inventor.<br /><br />But Edison was a ruthless business competitor. He frequently had vast legal fights over the precedence of his inventions over rivals. The best example is the telephone where he was one of seven or eight rivals with claims against Alexander Graham Bell. Actually Edison's invention here was not the central idea that Bell and Gray had come up with independently of each other in 1876 but an improvement on the sound quality of the phone receiver and transmitter that Bell did not develop. Still it was part of the huge 1888 Supreme Court decision that was the longest U.S. Supreme Court decision (a single volume of their reports!) written by Chief Justice Morrison Waite - which by the way killed the poor Chief Justice from overwork within weeks of completing it.<br /><br />In 1886 Edison found an equally ruthless competitor in the area of electric power grids for large cities. This was George Westinghouse inventor of the railroad air break. Westinghouse's firm had gotten the assistance of a new inventor and former Edison assistant Nicola Tesla. Tesla developed "alternating current" which was a rival system to Edison's "direct current". Edison's system was basically a straight circuit system of electricity. Tesla's system allowed the current to be switched from one circuit to another - actually it was a better and more efficient system. But Edison was determined to break this rival by a publicity campaign.<br /><br />It started with electric power lines. Edison early on had his lines put underground so that they would not be endangered by weather conditions. But Westinghouse was forced to have his lines out in the open - like telephone lines. When there were several accidental deaths by repair linemen on Westinghouse's lines (in particular one incident where the repairman was burned alive in front of hundreds of horrified onlookers in Manhattan's business district) Edison started insisting that A.C. current was far more dangerous that D.C.<br /><br />One result of all this was Edison helping some subsidiary inventors with getting Westinghouse A.C. generators and dynamos for an electric chair. Edison himself always denied that he invented the electric chair but he helped several lesser figures along the way - for the complete story read Mark Essig's EDISON & THE ELECTRIC CHAIR (New York: WALKER & COMPANY 2003). <br /><br />Edison experiment himself with cats and dogs (experiments he was glad to show the public). In the long run despite assisting in the invention of a new method of execution Edison failed to dislodge the public support of Alternating Current. But he never stopped trying.<br /><br />In 1903 he had an opportunity to combine his campaign against Westinghouse and A.C. with his invention of the motion picture camera. He assisted in "putting down" a well known public elephant ("Topsy") who had killed several men. He did so by electrocuting the poor beast with A.C. But the entire killing is on film - and one can view it to this day. It is a pitiful looking film - whatever poor "Topsy" had done it was a poor beast - not a Machiavellian murderer. The moment we see the explosions of electricity sparks that show the death of the elephant we are aware it will soon be over but the sudden collapse of "Topsy" is still an unpleasant sight to view. The film leaves a bad flavor in the mouths of modern movie audiences. Yet sad to say it probably made a profit for Edison - his description of the film in his catalog of films shows real pride in his accomplishment here. In 1903 it may have been exciting entertainment for many Americans watching it. One is glad that more people are appalled by it today - sometimes one can sense the human race has improved a little bit.
critique9377 Without a doubt this is the WORSE comicbook movie every made. PERIOD!! Yes it's worse then Dolph Lundgren's (1989) Punisher. Yup.. worse then the 1979 & 1991 Captain America movies. Oh yeah it's even WORSE then Christopher Reed scripted Superman IV: Quest for Peace movie. Sheeshh.. that movie was so bad that the guy who played Nuclear Man only starred in one other film and it was only on T.V. =oP<br /><br />This movie is "D" quality. I had a chance to watch it on the SciFi channel back in 1997. I had heard it was pretty bad but had nothing else to do that night so I figured I check it out. What a waste of an hour and a half. I would have been better off watching reruns of Different Strokes. Besides having the lamest special effects and worse acting I've ever seen the whole script was just awful and not well directed at all. Thankfully a NEW Fantastic Four movie is being done and hopefully this version will do the heroes justice. I was hoping for a New SPAWN movie in the future but it has yet to materialize. <br /><br />Do not rent this movie. If you happen to see it being televised on cable check it out. Be warned though you'll most like be flipping the channel after the first 15 mins.
critique9378 I rated this movie a 3 and that was generous. The scenery is ponderous and gaudy the acting for the most part is terrible. I do think Peter O'Toole did a good job of acting (Tiberius) but he must have been mortified when he saw the final cut of the movie. John Gielgud howsoever brief his appearance in the movie still seemed to be playing a role from Hamlet. The hard core pornography parts were neither erotic nor did they do much to further the story. Okay Malcolm McDowell had a nice butt and the guy who played Macro was handsome. The guy who played Claudius looked more like the traditional depictions of Nero and was certainly at odds with Robert Graves' picture of Claudius. The climactic (?) assassination of Caligula wife and child is inaccurate in that it shows him after death lying on stairs in an open-air area when in fact he was assassinated in the underground passage on the palatine hill which ran along the front of the Domus Flaviana that still exists today. There are places in this movie where virtually anything drew my attention away from it--merciful distractions. If you want history read Suetonius or Tacitus if you want pornography and sadism watch Passolini's "Salo" but by all means stay away from this movie.
critique9379 Alien was excellent. Many writers tried to copy it. They all did a bad job (or almost). But Dead Space is the worst Alien copy. Because of the bad actors the bad special effects the BAD scenario and other bad stuff (it would take about 3 pages to tell everything that is bad in this film. The movie wasn't very long and this is a very good thing (the only one). You cannot laugh because it is too serious...that is a bad thing because in almost each B-series sci-fi film you can laugh during the whole time. It can be terrific sometimes but instead of watching this stupidity just watch Alien or Event Horizon...these are much better!!! I give it 1 out of 5.
critique9380 Some very interesting camera work and a story with much potential. But it never comes together as anything more than a student's graduate thesis in film school.<br /><br />There are two primary reasons for this. Fist there is not a single likable character not even a villain we might admire for his/her chutzpah. Secondly all the acting is awful - even from veteran Willem DaFoe. The ham is so plentiful here you feel like you're at a picnic - but one of those wretched company employee picnics where you drink too much cheap beer and get your hangover before you even stop drinking. Then you eat an underdone hotdog and throw up.<br /><br />All right I'm being a little rough on a young director who might still go places - as I said the camera work is quite good.<br /><br />But I feel cheated - the blurb for this film suggests we will get to watch a "Modern western" and the DVD packaging has pictures on it that suggest this as well - but nobody actually connected to the film's making seems to know that this is the kind of film they're supposed to be making.<br /><br />That betrayal is what hurts; but even without it the fact remains that we don't like these characters we feel embarrassed for the actors the story is hopelessly muddled and in the last analysis we just don't care.<br /><br />I took it out of the DVD player about half way through. but the rental store wouldn't give me my money back.<br /><br />Now that really hurts.
critique9381 Ok first the good: Cher's performance and the cinematography. Although I'm no Cher fan she gives an excellent performance and her part was well written. The cinematography was well done and captures a sense of romance.<br /><br />The Rest: a thin plotline Nicholas Cage's performance and a totally unhumorous and weak attempt to portray an Italian-American family from New York. Firstly everytime time Cage opened his mouth I cringed. I don't know what kind of accent he was trying use. I honestly don't it sure wasnt any New York or Italian accent I've ever heard. It was quite surreal. And it wasn't because I'm some stickler for accuracy his voice just cloyed in my ears. And I like Nicholas Cage in other performances. Secondly and this is purely anecdotal but I have many Italian relations friends and acquaintances in New York City and frankly I've gotten more laughs and felt more joy in the appreciation of the Italian ethnic family by far than this movie provided. And that would be on a boring night at the house. What a let down.
critique9382 As an avid fan of Christian film and a person trying to maintain a keen eye for improvements in the realm of Christian film-making I was excited to get a chance to see this film. I was ready to see something that would make a new mark in quality movies. I was left disappointed.<br /><br />The beginning scene is excellent though a slight rip-off of Leon - The Professional on the angle it showcases some great cinematography in the early goings... everything after that was pretty much downhill.<br /><br />I was barely able to sit through this one I was tempted multiple times just to shut it off.<br /><br />The acting while quite possibly sincere was incredibly awful. But then again the heart of the problem was the screenplay itself. The dialog was worse than anything I have ever seen and even my amateurish screenplay "The Awakening" (soon to be an independent film) looked like a Hitchcock-thriller next to this. (Which isn't saying much.) The bright side of this film is that it was filmed on Sony's brand new High-Definition 900 cameras shooting in 24P. This film and Star Wars: Attack of the Clones were the first movies ever to use these new technology cameras that year. Unfortunately the camera's performance seemed to be wasted with bad lighting poor angles and awkward handling.<br /><br />The only good feeling I got coming out of watching this movie was how good my rookie indie film is going to look next to it. ; ) 4/10
critique9383 a real hoot unintentionally. sidney portier's character is so sweet and lovable you want to smack him. nothing about this movie rings true. and it's boring to boot.
critique9384 Earnest effort which achieves some success to adapt the classic Odyssey story to a '30's nostalgia period piece. The adventurers this time are escaped convicts wandering about the Depression afflicted South bungling their way into trouble.<br /><br />The greatest strength of the film is the wonderful music soundtrack effectively evoking not only the era that this is set in but the spiritual references that run rampant in the film. Besides its value to the tone of the movie the music is just plain fun to listen to.<br /><br />What cripples the film is that the characters really aren't that likable. In a comedy you need that element in order to have fun along with them in their misadventures. Instead we have a bunch of selfish arrogant soulless mean spirited nobodies who really have no positive points at all. They're not imposing enough to make you hate them either so it's hard to relate to them at all. They're offered up as clowns but like people who put clown makeup on and march in parades they just aren't funny.<br /><br />Like the story that inspired it the movie takes these guys on an "odyssey" encountering a variety of symbolic (some even mystical) characters. Everybody is stamped with offensive stereotypes the operative word being "stupid." People are mocked right and left and consequently no one is left being particularly interesting or appealing. The movie doesn't like its own characters and it doesn't let you like them either.<br /><br />Riverside baptisms beautiful sirens stolen cars fistfights radio preachers people being whipped with sticks; all are thrown at you in disjointed fashion. Some evoke a few laughs others confuse or bore you. I did laugh when a nerdy guy beat the snot out of an especially obnoxious lead character. But there were a lot more pointlessly gratuitous scenes; an example: some '30's Dillinger-type guy strafes cows with a tommy-gun. Comedy? Symbolism? No; just mindless violence which detracts from the intellectual nature of the original source material this story draws upon.<br /><br />Other adaptations of the Odyssey are much better. Unless you're a George Clooney fan rent something else. But buy the soundtrack CD; the music is great.
critique9385 When my own child is begging me to leave the opening show of this film I know it is bad. I wanted to claw my eyes out. I wanted to reach through the screen and slap Mike Myers for sacrificing the last shred of dignity he had. This is one of the few films in my life I have watched and immediately wished to "unwatch" if only it were possible. The other films being 'Troll 2' and 'Fast and Furious' both which are better than this crap in the hat.<br /><br />I may drink myself to sleep tonight in a vain attempt to forget I ever witnessed this blasphemy on the good Seuss name.<br /><br />To Mike Myers I say stick with Austin or even resurrect Waynes World. Just because it worked for Jim Carrey doesn't mean Seuss is a success for all Canadians.<br /><br />
critique9386 Time travel is theoretical so I can give the script some leeway.<br /><br />I also understand the concept that by changing just one variable you can potentially change the way history unfolded.<br /><br />What I cannot understand however is the way the change in time unfolded. We are subjected to a series of "timewaves" which progressively retrograde planetary evolution. While this is a convenient plot device as it allows our heroes enough time to resolve the problem it makes no sense whatsoever. Surely if you change a variable and that variable has significantly or even completely altered planetary evolution then by the time you come "back to the future" the evolutionary process has already been established and there would be no need for waves? After all why would a change that happened 65 million years ago need to wait until now to be effective? The fact that the moth was projected forward in time may give it some credibility but the life of that moth 65 million years ago was significantly altered ergo any change to evolutionary history would have begun then and not be dependent upon a return to our current time.<br /><br />To solve the problem the team goes back in time to prevent the change in variable from ever happening. By doing this successfully we see that the changes to evolution never happened and that no-one even remembers the events! Surely what works for the solution should work for the original change? I like a good rollicking sci fi adventure but unless it is set "in a galaxy far far away" it needs to have at least some grounding in theoretical possibility to make it truly entertaining.<br /><br />Good premise bad plot reasonable acting and in all fairness just a twist on Jurassic Park.<br /><br />Not on my "watch again" list.
critique9387 I tried as hard as I could to sit all the way through this irritating mess but I just couldn't do it. Brad Dourif absolutely sucked as the lead and all the supporting cast were only marginally worse. <br /><br />The whole thing is just ludicrous from the awful acting to the laughable FX to the stupid plot.<br /><br />Complete waste of time; don't bother. Root Canal therapy would be more enjoyable. Bamboo slivers under the fingernails would be a lot more pleasant. <br /><br />Watching a Uwe Boll movie would be only a little worse than this. Get the idea?
critique9388 Honestly I am not THAT impressed by it it's not a bad movie but it's not great one either. There's a story to tell but it's told in a very incoherent way which kinds of makes it loose it's full meaning and ability to intrigue. This movie could of been made in another way with an outstanding result the story is just so interesting yet somehow I'm not intrigued when watching it. <br /><br />It definitely isn't an amateur movie rather the opposite and some of the scenes are really emotional. The actors and actresses does quite a good job and so does the director but there's just something so unfinished by the whole movie that I cant quite put my finger on. Perhaps if you had gotten to know the characters abit more all the 'messiness' of the movie could of been better clarified and put more 'action' throughout it cause as it was it became abit slow from time to time.
critique9389 This is simply the worst movie I've ever seen. Neither of the three central characters has any charm and Erika's good looks aren't enough to carry the film. The lamest plot I've ever had inflicted upon me. Also the most unconvincing military comedy ever. Why did they bother?
critique9390 On paper this looks a good film . Michael Caine plays a tough and ruthless boxing promoter who's son is up for a title eliminator . The pity is that when the story is transferred from paper to my television screen it loses a certain everything . I had hoped we'd be seen emulating his definitive role in GET CARTER and as the film progresses it does seem to take on the qualities of a tough gritty revenge thriller but the whole tone of the film jumps around so much you'll be confused as to what genre it's trying to fit in to . For example Caine ( Who you can't believe in as Billy " Shiner " Simpson  he's simply Michael Caine ) has a laugh out line as he refers to someone as " Hattie Jacques " then in a supposedly humorous moment has his henchmen break someone's arm . Oh how I laughed . I mean it's supposed to elicit a laugh the way it plays out on screen isn't it ? But these seems at odds with the way the rest of the film plays out <br /><br />Obviously director John Irvin doesn't know what approach to take with Scott Cherry's screenplay . Irvin isn't a bad director and is well regarded for his war films such as THE DOGS OF WAR and HAMBURGER HILL but he's ill suited to this type of violent drama and one can't help but feel he might have been intimidated somewhat by a living legend like Caine . Caine does give the impression he's just doing it for the money and the well known faces in supporting roles like Landua and Cranham are basically just cameos who could be played by anyone
critique9391 By 1971 it was becoming more and more obvious that Hammer film studios were on the way out . HANDS OF THE RIPPER is a case in point where even the idea smacks of desperation - The spirit of Jack The Ripper posses his own daughter ! Yeah okay no one was expecting a documentary but this plot seems to be scraping the bottom of the barrel for stupid premise and you do find yourself questioning why on earth the producers brought Jack The Ripper into the story . Was this to give the movie a snappy title ? <br /><br />The production values are unimpressive and the cinematography gives the whole movie a cheap TVM feel but you know you're not going to be watching a classic Hammer horror as soon as the title starts because the music is laughably inappropriate . I think the composer was trying to make the theme tune haunting and touching but the music resembles something out of a soppy romantic movie . I will give the cast some credit as they do take their roles seriously in what's a far from serious movie <br /><br />I didn't enjoy this film much and it instantly reminded me of the Phantom Raspberry Blower Of London Town from The Two Ronnies which I'd been laughing at in the weeks before I saw this
critique9392 After watch this movie I was surprised that someone had like it!!!! I think this is the worst comedy I ever seen....ever!!!! If you think you had already seen the worst comedy made wait for watch this crap!!!! Not funny at all( OK one or two laugh maybe.......but you have to be really high) the acting is terrible and the story doesn't exist. Even if you like snowboarding ( and I really do) you will hate this movie. OK OK you can see some nice babes  some nice snowboarding tricks and some beautiful mountains but that's all!!! Watch a porno set in the mountains instead because the acting and the story line might be better!!!!! Sometimes in IMDb I read bad review about some movie and at the end they are not so awful....but this one believe meis pure trash!!!! Don't waste your time and money in this one.
critique9393 Will there be please coming an end to hyping movies that are dealing about social conflicts or other human disasters? Okay "Care" is about childabuse "Care" is about perverts misusing boys in a school and how disgusting it might be if it's a movie with a poor script and made with bad playing actors then it stays a bad movie. "Care" is a movie that could have been but is it because it was a tvmovie I don't know but everything seemed so limited that it comes over as some cheap movie that will be seen by some housewifes and fathers who decide not to go to bed. There are so many unanswered things in this movie...the relation with his mother for instance or the death of some abused boy from which we know nothing more. "Care" should have been much much better.
critique9394 Van Sant copies Hitchcock's masterpiece shot for shot including some modern facets: a walkman and nudity from Anne Heche. Unless you have a strong desire to see Ms. Heche naked there is absolutely NO reason to see this film instead of the original. Hitchcock's masterpiece is much better and Van Sant fails to realize that in hiding the nudity and the gore the original shower scene is all the more terrifying. Ask Janet Leigh about that one. The acting is also much flatter and the technical aspects much less impressive.
critique9395 I almost drowned in CHEESE watching this movie. In fact I could not even finish it. I want my money back. One more of Hollywood's feeble attempts to come up with a new idea. Good thing I keep a bowl of lemons in the fridge. Just in case. They should of gave Nic Cage a hat and a bull-whip. Swashbucklin'. Cage's performance in Raising Arizona or Leaving Las Vegas beats this "lemon". People who are completely and totally marketed(and most of them are) should love this movie. If this film had been animated I would have taken it more seriously. I would of rather paid to see a completely stupid movie that did not try to hide it. In my opinion this was a incredibly stupid movie and it made a even more incredibly sad attempt to try and hide that FACT.<br /><br />All the SHEEP seem to love it though.
critique9396 I went in not knowing anything about this movie and I walked out in an half hour knowing everything about it. It was one of worst movies I've ever seen. I'm a generally a nice person but if somebody told me they liked this movie I would probably never talk to them again. Anybody who likes it throughly is most likely to have an extremely dry hermit type personality. I'm gonna also include that they think they are pretty intelligent too just like the self-centered fart bags who do the voices for the movie. I know everyone has different types of humor some people may not even like mine but that's okay; I don't think this covers any range of humor though. This movie is as flat and dull as Wes Anderson's mind. Go in and get ready to walk out; it's best to get your money back too.
critique9397 Today I wrote this review in anger at Uwe Boll and Hollywood.<br /><br />Hollywood has produced movies based on one of the darkest days of our nation. 911 changed everything. It changed our perception of security. It changed our understanding of the evil of man and humanity. Most importantly and devastatingly  it changed our world.<br /><br />However I can't not stress how utterly repulsed disillusioned and angry I am at the careless blatant ignorance of Hollywood seeking to make a lucrative profit out of death and destruction. This film and those like it are bound to cause controversy amid word-of-mouth among moviegoers and critics alike; most surely to be echoed by the mainstream press. Hollywood has sunk to a new low. Even lower than the low-down bastards who perpetrated the most barbaric acts of savagery and unrelenting cruelty. Behind it all is Uwe Boll. I am very angry at this movie. How dare they disrespect the memories of families of those lost? How dare they mock the lives of the brave men and women who risked their lives to save those trapped in the doomed towers on that fateful day of infamy?!?!? How dare they try to satirize and at the same time capitalize on a national tragedy in the mist of a mourning and weary post-911 world?!?!?! How...dare...they? <br /><br />To those who have the gall to even think of seeing this morally appalling travesty I say this with a heavy heart with all my strength: Remember. Think back to that day and ask yourself whether or not you are a sane and moral person. Think back to that day ask yourself whether or not this film is a disgrace and dishonor to the lives lost on that day. Think back to that day of the outcry of families of loved ones. Think back to that day of the lives lost on those two planes. Think back to the further carnage it caused following the attacks.<br /><br />Ask yourself if you have a soul.<br /><br />Think. Remember. Respect the memories of the lives lost on 911 by not seeing this film at all.
critique9398 Wave after wave of directionless nausea - this film wants and at first promises to be quirky and original but is in fact obvious solipsistic and mired in clichÃƒÂ©-driven dialogue which builds to a crecendo of awfulness and cheese by the end. Throughout the film we meet supposedly off the wall characters who are actually very dull and just don't quite work and who clunk through the horrific screenplay like men in armour suits driving jeeps through mansion houses and spouting preppy existential obviousness accompanied by the whinings of Coldplay. The film has occasional funny episodes often no funnier than a dog playing with its genitals which happened twice (an index of the slapstick rudimentary humour of the film in general) but by the end the film falls into an 'infinite abyss' of complete detritus and the director's egocentric ramblings which made me want to gouge my eyes out. Watch this film at your peril.
critique9399 This movie has no plot and no focus. Yes it's supposed to be a slap-stick stupid comedy but the screen-writers have no idea what the movie was about. Even the title doesn't go along with the movie. It should have been called "Cool Ethan" or "Cheaters Never Win" or something like that. The characters are not developed and no one cares what happens to them! The girl roommate character (from That 70's Show) was the only person worth watching. She was hilarious and stole every scene she was in. The others need to make sure that their own college diplomas are in the works since they'll need a career other than acting.
critique9400 This movie fails to offer anything new to a genre that has traditionally shown the cross cultural love story underpinned by the politics mid 20th century / pre-WWII India where the British and their modern ways are bad and the primitive but honest and true Indians are good. Surely such clichÃƒÂ©d depictions of the British are rather passÃƒÂ© now.<br /><br />Apart from the drama that fuels the second part of the movie the narrative is predictable the acting is pedestrian and two-dimensional and the directing obvious and unimaginative.<br /><br />The story really needed to be fleshed out and would certainly have benefited from another half an hour of screen time to give the characters and narrative more depth and give the viewer something to feel some investment in.<br /><br />All in all rather uninspiring. Oh and Linus Roache just cannot do tragedy - going cross-eyed with emotional pain just doesn't work for me!
critique9401 If there is one film which is the worst of this year- it's TASHAN The first promo gave an indication that the film will be a boring Dhoom 2 style film and well i knew first only it would be a bad film whatever it maybe Because of it being a Yashraj film Or maybe seeing the cheesy promo But this film gave me a shock it was even worst then Dhoom 2 and what i expected First Saif's introduction which is boring Then Saif- Kareena meet Kareena is so artificial and then Anil Kapoor oh god what he is doing in such a weird film? What kinda role it is? What acting is he doing? His first scene is alright but then his act gets repetitive and he overacts Then came Akshay who provided some nice scenes but then the film became more boring and with all the outdated stuff Childhood romance overdose of childish Rajnikant style action scenes and all boring scenes The ending is another joke<br /><br />Vijay Krishna Acharya would have got 3 films more to direct if this film had worked thats the strategy of yashraj only money nothing else So Vijay is another addition to their list of crap filmmakers Music( Vishal Shekhar) is ordinary<br /><br />Performances Akshay Kumar comes in the film as a whiff of fresh air he actually provides some engaging moments Saif Ali Khan is irritating Kareena is equally bad Anil Kapoor hams outrageously and spoils the show even more Rest are okay
critique9402 I looked forward to watching this film since I loved the David Lynch version. In my first attempt at watching it I fell asleep. Nothing was happening. The next night I tried to watch the rest and again it was putting me to sleep! Nothing ever happened in this movie that could keep anyone's interest alive. The only time it got a bit more exciting was when I tried it on Fast Forward! The DVD came with a second disk which contained bonus material. Needless to say I had no hard to go through the torture of watching more of Dune (2000). Here are the low points: The acting was bad the plot moved in slow motion the sets were and looked cheap the direction was pathetic and the CGI visual effects childish.<br /><br />If you want to watch Dune save your money or rent the 1984 version.
critique9403 I'll admit I've only watched a handful of episodes but each one seemed completely different from the next. It seems after the first season the producers decided to completely retool the show drop characters introduce new ones and rewrite the entire show dynamic.<br /><br />As you have probably surmised already the show is about quirky unpredictable teenager Holly (Amanda Bynes) who moves in with her high strung sister Valerie (Jennie Garth) in New York City. Decent enough premise: odd couple + fish out of water + high jinx.<br /><br />While I miss the sitcoms of yore this show unfortunately misses the mark on funny repeatedly and it's sad because they have some decent talent.<br /><br />On top of everything they insisted on changing the show (Val was living with a cast regular bf one season then he was suddenly gone so she opens a bakery? what?) When things change that drastically you get the feeling that even the *show* knows it's bad. I mean completely new sets characters written off and new show regulars!<br /><br />On a side note (this is just nitpicking) I know this is a television show and not real at all but Val and Holly end up living in a HUGE loft duplex (there are stairs) with a terrace... in MANHATTAN! Are you serious!?
critique9404 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9405 Personally I didn't really gain a whole lot from THE ACT OF SEEING WITH ONE'S OWN EYES. I've noticed a lot of really highly rated reviews on here for the film and I'm kinda surprised. Maybe I missed something that other reviewers felt "moved" by but I found the film pretty tedious and basically pointless.<br /><br />The "action" of the film is a bunch of autopsy footage that is filmed in an "art-house" style - lots of extreme close-ups weird editing etc...and with no sound or dialogue.<br /><br />I guess THE ACT OF SEEING WITH ONE'S OWN EYES could be considered a study of human anatomy or maybe (if you really wanna dig a little) some sort of comment on the fragility of humanity or whatever - but I personally found it to be a bunch of semi-interesting but ultimately dull autopsy footage. If that's your thing then this will be a winner for you. As for me - I've seen more interesting ER footage. Not a "bad" film as it isn't really a "film" in any traditional sense - I just found nothing really notable about it - 4/10.
critique9406 I wanted to vote zero or lower. I loved the commentary. It IS the worst movie ever made and 'unendurable' is the perfect word for it unless there is something worse that Roget never thought of. I am also at a loss to think of anything negative enough to accurately describe Bo Derek. The best that could be said of her is she's consistent.
critique9407 Four best friends young male chauvinist pigs (with the emphasis on pigs) meet weekly at a NYC diner to recount their dating sexploits in this misanthropic and visceral comedy. Peet is the common denominator who dates the three bachelors in the group which leads to conflict and the inevitable "whipping". Although the film's premise has potential and there are some funny moments to be had overall the flick doesn't work especially in the end where the girls are made to appear no better than the guys which runs contrary to the crux of the story. One of those one-man band flix with a dozen producers "Whipped" is likely to be enjoyed only by the kind of young males who think "The Man Show" is Emmy material.
critique9408 'The Fox and the Child' is the new film by French director Luc Jacquet who brought us the Oscar-winning documentary 'March of the Penguins.' It focuses around a young girl (wonderfully played by Bertille NoÃƒÂ«l-Bruneau) and her blooming friendship with a fox.<br /><br />There are some truly mesmerizing moments here; badgers mucking about a lynx chasing the fox through a snow-littered forest; one scene in particular when the fox is being tormented by a pack of wolves is quite intense and even frightening at times. However there's simply not quite enough of them.<br /><br />Beautifully shot; the cinematography is dazzling. The bubbly kind of look of the film is wonderful. It's undeniably a very lush production.<br /><br />The English version is narrated by Kate Winslet but what little dialogue there already is has been very poorly dubbed. The score is also far too fluffy or at least it is for my liking; and the screenplay while subtle seemingly jumps from one scenario to another ultimately leaving me almost baffled.<br /><br />While there's a nice moral at the heart of the film and the rather quiet performance from NoÃƒÂ«l-Bruneau is quite lovely the real star is the fox. Those captivating moments focusing solely around our furry little friend are tremendous. However again there's simply not nearly enough of them.<br /><br />- To keep up to date with all the latest in film including reviews news discussions and more be sure to visit www.mybluray.com.au
critique9409 This is the worst movie I have ever seen and believe me I've sen a lot of bad movies. I love cheeesy horror but this was just terrible. There was not one scene in this film where I felt scared. All the actors must have been people that they found at a bus stop 20 minutes prior to shooting. I wish that Blockbutser would have given me my 99 cents back. The acting was terrible. The writing was incredibly bad. Someone had to screen this movie before it was released and had to know that it was terrible. I'd be embarrassed to have my name associated with this monstrosity. Don't rent this movie. If you do don't return it so no other poor souls will ever make the mistake of renting it.
critique9410 Wow i'm a huge Henry VIII/Tudor era fan and well this was .... interesting. The only one I watched was the Catherine of Aragon one. And wow...just wow. I've seen bad acting before but this reached new heights. When the actress who played Catherine was umm.. crying? she wails and screams and i have to admit i rewinded many times... many many times .... funny funny stuff. The only person who even showed any slight sliver of talent was the actress playing Anne Boleyn (i might be prejudiced though i do have a slight obsession with Anne Boleyn she was a really facinating woman read up on her it's worth it!) Also i have read a lot about the Tudor time period and i think that the characters weren't very acurately displayed they were all very stereotypical. Only see this movie if you are prepared to see a very important time period and the important lives of those involved turned into a laughing stock.
critique9411 The title above is used to introduce the film "Gen" to its audience. Gen is about a young doctor(Doga Rutkay) with an ill mother. The film starts with her leaving her mother behind to start her new job. While she drives we realise that she is not that close home as the hospital is in a remote area. As soon as she steps into the garden of the hospital she sees the death body of a patient. This is the beginning of a nightmare for the next few days.<br /><br />Two policemen comes to the hospital so as to investigate the suicide. In fact they will have to stay in the hospital because all roads are cut off due to bad weather conditions. All their communication with outside world is cut off too. There is no way out!! In those few days there will be more nasty murders. Now everybody suspects from each other.<br /><br />In my opinion the idea is brilliant. It could have been very scary indeed. There are positive sides of the movie of course. I really like the beginning of the movie. Especially when she drives to the hospital and her first moments in the hospital. Actings are okay. Some of them are trying too hard to be mysterious and scary though. I think the final shock should have been spread into the through out of the movie. What I am saying is it was a good twist but instead of showing it as a parody in the end we should have realised that was coming when we see what is happening. The director needed to explain it altogether which I think didn't work well. Also the most dangerous patient in the movie is supposed to be at least 48 years old but his body looks so young and fit for someone who spends most of his life in this hospital. Lastly I would like to say a few things about the director. I am sure he will improve. This is his first attempt. I have recently found out that he is only 21 years old. That made me feel more positive about him and his future films. I am not going to rate this film * out of ***** though.
critique9412 Well. Where to begin. Let's just say this; avoid this movie at all<br /><br />costs. It's based on a cartoon series. The movie makes the cartoon look<br /><br />like Hamlet. Filled with emasculated actors who seem embarrassed to be<br /><br />here lousy camera work terrible music and enough product placement to<br /><br />make you want to never visit Yahoo! again this movie is really the<br /><br />bottom of the barrel. To quote the New Yorker Matthew Broderick and<br /><br />Rupert Everett mug their way through this picture with the gay abandon<br /><br />of men who have spotted a rare species of paycheck in the distance."<br /><br />They should pay us some of the millions they earned for watching it.<br /><br />Awful.
critique9413 I grew up on Scooby Doo Where Are You and I still love it. It is one of my favourite cartoons along with Darkwing Duck Talespin Peter Pan and the Pirates and Tom and Jerry. This show though is good for kids the voices are good(Don Messick and Casey Kasem are perfect as Scooby and Shaggy) the theme tune is tolerable and it has some nice animation. However it is rather disappointing. I normally don't mind Scrappy but when he appears to be like the main character it gets annoying fast. Complete with the catchphrase Puppy Power Scrappy is somewhat more annoying than usual. Also half the gang are missing after the first year somehow it didn't feel like Scooby Doo. And the jokes and the story lines were in general lame and unoriginal very little chasing monsters or unmasking the baddies. All in all not as bad as Shaggy and Scooby Doo:Get a Clue but this show is disappointing. 4/10 for the animation voices theme tune and the fact it is nice for kids. Bethany Cox
critique9414 This was a highly-hyped movie prior to its release but turned out to be a dud. I never talked to one person who ever liked this movie. I agree: I didn't like it either. Perhaps one big reason it wasn't a box office success was that it had nothing but unappealing characters in the story.<br /><br />For awhile there - I don't know if this is still true - I hadn't any movie in which Laura Linney or Dylan Walsh played anything BUT annoying characters.<br /><br />That and a stupid story make this film a big disappointment especially considering that big buildup. Did the filmmakers with dialog this dumb really think this was going to be a hit?
critique9415 Bad acting bad lighting bad plot!! This had the quality of a porno movie. I have seen more interesting home video of a boring wedding than this movie...it sucked big time!! Don't waste your time or money on this crap! It's amazing that they allow this kind of smut to even be released on video it should be a crime!!
critique9416 From all the bad comments about this movie and add them up I feel the same way. It may look like the Australians are weaklings instead they were brave soldiers. In this film it was very terrible and too graphic. I didn't see enough heroism just more cowardice which is ashame because its nothing from what I read. We don't need the extremity of violence like that we can use our vivid imagination of what they went through. It's like saving private ryan where the nazi is pushing his knife slowly in the soldier. For example Mel Gibson is a over extreme director for his movies not because of the violence but for the level of historical inaccuracy. Letters of Iwo Jima was one of the war films that was close enough to history (although I could be wrong) except Flags of our Fathers and Bridge of the River Kwai. You're better off reading it its an insult to the victims and the fallen if you don't tell it right and the movie drag on for too long there was nothing interesting about the dialogue and not enough retribution from the aussies to kill Japanese soldiers. Just read history on the internet mags and in books. Movies always kill the sense of realization. What they did to POWs in Singapore and the Philippines was just dreadful escpically to civilians. It just makes me feel proud to see goodies beat the baddies but movies like this ruin it.
critique9417 I really wanted to like this film for all sorts of reasons -- the subject matter is inherently interesting and is probably the major issue facing the world today and has thrown up fascinating works (e.g. Linda Grant's When I lived in modern times)usually from the Israeli side of the fence. Also a bloke I like told me he thought it was the best film he'd seen all year so with such a recommendation...<br /><br />HOWEVER I actually found myself nodding off at points! Admittedly i was tired and the cinema seats comfy but I found it too much hard work trying to identify with the characters. Once I'd got my head round the idea that it was a series of vignettes I went with it but this made it disappointingly like a sketch show rather than a film. I liked the concept of a restrained almost silent mise en scene contrasted to these utopian moments - the sexy girl the red balloon and the ninja Muslim fighter. But personally i think the film has been over hyped. I'm not saying narrative and plot is everything (it's definitely not) but even a little more dialogue would have helped.
critique9418 Is it a remake og the Thing (1982/1951) i think it is there are so many factors from det previous movies do deny it.<br /><br />So the acting is bad James Spader does a superlow stargate re-enactment of himself with his coffy mug and his somwhat strange thinking/movements but that's about it the other actors i did't even notise. You don't get the feeling of getting to know anyone of the main characters. And the plot evolvement is slow boring and yah i know what is about to happend in 30mins. Score/music is ultraboring imean there are alot of ubertallented people out there that would make scores for a coke and a credit but this is major crap. Some of the special effects are nice if it was made in early 90's. If you like Slimy Aliens chills and thrills don't whatch this movie. its a dull combination of the Thing Alien 3 Outbreak and some Jerry Bruckheimer/Michael Bay production gone really really bad. Now this combination would be cool if somone knew what they where doing and the only ones on this production that knew that was no one.<br /><br />Though i have seen far worse i would not recomend this movie to anyone but if you are up one cold night and just wanna glanse at something it will pass the time slowly.
critique9419 What starts out as a passable movie degenerates into one of the most incoherent UNscary incompetently made stupid attempted horror films of recent years.<br /><br />Absolutely terrible. It's such a derivative mess ripping off every decent fright flick you can think of without successfully producing a single scare. Whether it's copying the recent trend with creepy kids or ghosts walking past the camera or the old school horror of Fulci's Gates of Hell.<br /><br />The worst thing is there's not even a cat jumping out of a cupboard to make you jump. To be avoided.
critique9420 Heaven Can Wait is a crushing bore and a candy-coated misogynist lie. I can't imagine anyone but film students sitting through it today. Don Ameche is in almost every scene and while he has a mellifluous voice that no doubt contributed to his successful career in radio he doesn't have the charisma to carry this film. Ameche plays Henry a womanizer. Lubitsch wants to make Henry's sexual incontinence adorable and amusing and so he directs Ameche to play the part as blandly as possible. The combination of Ameche's lack of charisma and Lubitsch's insistence on blandness results in a lead character who is both deadly dull and completely icky. You wouldn't want to spend any time with this man; he'd put you to sleep. You wouldn't leave him alone with your daughter no matter her age. Something creepy would happen.<br /><br />The movie's look is quite boring. Scene after scene consists of static overly lighted diorama-style shots of fastidiously dressed Gilded Age stuffed shirts and bustles lounging in excessively busy Victorian parlors. There's so many ruffles and frills and curlicues so much lilac and sky blue and pink you need Dramamine.<br /><br />This movie hates women as much as hardcore porn but it presents that hatred with a candy coating and a sweet little bow on top. The contrast between the content of the message and its delivery is sickening. In one of the movie's most hateful scenes an elderly woman is sent to hell because she's not physically attractive.
critique9421 The acting may be okay the more u watch this movie the more u wish you weren't this movie is so horrible that if I could get a hold of every copy I would burn them all and not look back this movie is terrible!!
critique9422 I didn't think it was possible for a horror comedy film to fail so abysmally on both fronts....really awful. The fact that it doesn't take itself seriously (usually a good thing) works against it primarily because the actors are so wooden you really would swear they are reading cue cards. On the upshot though.....the MST3K version as always has a few laughs....
critique9423 I am insulted and angry over the idea that a sequel to 'Gone with the Wind' should EVER have been undertaken. Having expressed that I have no problem with the quality of the acting or the actors in this film. The performers are talented people whose talents were wasted on this piece of garbage. The hype surrounding this book and film just happens to be an exercise in futility. I think it will go down as one of the misguided films of Hollywood. I don't believe that the beloved characters created by Margaret Mitchell should have been soiled by the ideas and interpretations of another writer. The film and the book should be on the list of worst ideas conceived in the world of publishing and film-making. The sad thing is that people actually made money off of this tripe.
critique9424 The plot of 'Edison' was decent but one actor in particular ruined the entire film. Justin Timberlake ruined the film with every line he uttered during the movie. He is by far one of the worst actors I have ever seen and should face the same fate as the entire F.R.A.T. squad. <br /><br />Whether it was an emotional scene an action scene or even a silent scene Justin Timberlake managed to ruin it. <br /><br />Do not waste your time watching this film. Don't even bother downloading it midget porn would be a much better choice.<br /><br />And Justin if you're reading this stick to music. Even though you're no good at that you've done a wonderful job tricking people into thinking you can actually sing.
critique9425 Now I'm no film critic but I truly hated "September 11". This film was on a general basis bad. With the exception of Alejandro GonzÃƒÂ¡lez IÃƒÂ±ÃƒÂ¡rritu's segment which was the most effective and direct about the subject matter the short films were at best boring and at worst offensive. The worst in my mind was Youssef Chahine's pretentious segment in which he compared Palestinian suicide bombers to American soldiers even going so far as to suggest the suicide bombers were fighting for a greater cause. The segment was completely off topic and considering Chahine's seeming lack of any decency whatsoever a waste of my time and patience. The idea of getting eleven different directors from different countries to make a movie featuring their views on a tragedy was good on paper but in practice it was tasteless.
critique9426 Wow this is very unusual in one regard: usually the first movie in a long string of sequels is the best of the bunch. People are surprised when a sequel is actually better. With Tarzan I thought this movie was the worst of the bunch or at least the first six which comprise my Tarzan Collection DVD package. I will gladly watch the sequels multiple times but I am through sitting through this turkey thanks to several characters.<br /><br />Well let's start with the good news first:<br /><br />THE GOOD - Plenty of action with a lot of wild animals on display even if they are just stock footage. You see lion attacks crocodiles hippos panthers you name it and you see several of the different tribes of all kinds including pygmies (called "dwarfs" in the movie.) Since this movie was made almost 75 years ago I can't knock any of the realism because they didn't have it in the movies that long ago. They do the best they can so you put up with actors talking in front of fake backgrounds. However Weissmuller did a lot of action scenes and was in great shape. He and O'Sullivan make a well-built handsome couple if there ever was one in those Golden Years of cinema.<br /><br />The film has historical value (with so many sequels) in that it shows how Tarzan acquired Jane and his beginnings of learning the English language.<br /><br />The BAD - From the moment "Jane Parker" is taken by Tarzan almost every scene with her is Maureen O'Sullivan in hysterics shrieking and screaming scene after scene. It's enough to give you a headache and it ruins the film. Thankfully she calmed down in the sequels but not in this movie. The movie also does no favors for "The Great White Hunter" image as C. Aubrey Smith playing Jane's father and Neil Hamilton as "Harry Holt" the safari guide shoot at every animal within sight whether the beasts is threatening or not. These people are kill- happy particularly Smith. On another note it's too bad there isn't anything in here explaining how Tarzan got to be in the jungle in the first place. There is no history of him in here or footage of his growing up. He's just there when Jane and the group get to a certain point in Africa.
critique9427 I have no idea what on earth or beyond could have possibly made Sam Mraovich believe that this would have been a worthy project to undertake. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst movies ever made. In fact I see no reason why it should not be at #1 on the Bottom 100. For although I have not seen for example SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (#5 at the time of this publication) I would venture to guess that that film is considerably better than this oozing wound because even in its vapid dismalness at least Baby Geniuses 2 was professionally made. By contrast everything and I do mean everything in this film is completely unprofessional.<br /><br />The movie is intended to be an attack on the Christian Right's supposed bigotry and hatred toward gays. And I do emphasize "intended." Not only does it completely and utterly fail at its purpose it also leaves an ugly scar. Instead of creating a compelling and realistic portrait of a gay couple's struggle against a society that largely opposes them it creates tired crass stereotypes of each party involved. Ben and Arthur the namesake couple are portrayed as two crude sex-starved and hopelessly romantic cardboard cutouts who marry when the laws change to allow them to do so. This meets with the opposition of Ben's brother Victor a Christian minister who like all Christians (as this movie would have us believe) is loud prying stupid and violent. He tries to kill Ben and Arthur after his associations with them get him kicked out of the ministry. Just like in real life. And if you think that's dreadful (it is) you haven't seen it all.<br /><br />The actors (?) here manage to completely destroy any vestige of credibility in this movie by saying their lines as if they were narrating a YouTube home comedy video. But not even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando as the title characters could have saved this clunker for there would still be the matter of the completely inane and laugh-inducing dialogue that fills every minute of the movie. Every scene has at least one awkward or misplaced quote. For example in one scene Victor tries to complain about not being able to have nieces or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of portraying this idea clearly he spits out the stupid utterly confusing whiny-sounding line "You know what I'm never going to have any nieces or nephews okay because you're so F***ED UP!"<br /><br />Even more glaring is the complete lack of production values. Yes I know this ain't The Dark Knight but even amateur film makers should know some basics about special effects and editing. For example six dots of red cake dye do not suffice for realistic bullet wounds. People do not teleport across a room between takes. And objects do not fall FORWARD when shot! <br /><br />Do not waste your money on Ben & Arthur. I don't care if you're 7 17 or 107. I don't care if you're gay straight bi or undecided. I don't care if you're "just curious." I don't care what pathetic reason you may have to be tempted to buy this dung-heap. Stay away far away. This movie's only redeeming quality is its ability to be used as a Frisbee.
critique9428 Primal Species (1996 Dir. Jonathan Winfrey) <br /><br />International terrorists get a surprise when their cargo turn out to contain living dinosaurs. The army commando team now have to think fast if they want to prevent the extinction of the human species instead of the reptiles.<br /><br />You look at the cover and you gain your first impressions of the film. That is pretty much it. The acting is only just acceptable from a few characters. The story is poor with the whole film based on the army and the marines trying to kill the dinosaurs. This film came out three years after 'Jurassic Park'. Instead this film looks to have come out 13 years before 'Jurassic Park'. The dinosaurs costumes are so poorly made and i do mean costumes. There are obviously people dressed up and this film makes no attempts at hiding this. A scene when a dinosaur runs down a corridor is created in a way in which it looks like someone is riding the creature. The is one good thing which comes out of this film. The short running time. At only 1 hour and 15 minutes it doesn't waste too much of your life but still try to avoid it altogether.<br /><br />"It's like a Friday the 13th Nightmare." - Officer (Brian Currie)
critique9429 First I would like to admit that Chokher Bali was not my cup of tea. This movie was evidently not targeted toward the masses. It's the type that critics would enjoy watching. The hype and publicity were quite misleading.<br /><br />I was expecting something very dramatic like Devdas. Understanding that the story and time-period demand it I found the movie extremely slow-paced.<br /><br />I'm a die-hard Aishwarya fan and I regret to say that I thought she was miscast. The role of Chokher Bali required an actress who can portray herself as subversive not innocent and naive. Everyone else gave a good performance. Tagore's depiction of the human condition does come across the celluloid to give the movie an interesting theme.
critique9430 The first episode set the bar quite high i thought. It starred William Hurt as a hit-man who is contracted to kill a toymaker. We are given very little information on his character or who is paying him to kill indeed the episode is notable for having no dialogue at all. Returning to his modernist penthouse he is delivered a package containing toy soldiers this gives him a smile but he dismisses it and goes about his business. But he is in for a night of hell the soldiers are alive and are about to wage war driving jeeps shooting machine guns and bazookas and even flying helicopters!. The special effects are good for a TV show and it becomes quite tense as he dodges around the apartment using his wits to survive sometimes getting the upper hand and other times not. I wont spoil the ending but suffice to say it was a clever little twist. This gave me hope for the rest of the series but i was in for a disappointment the other episodes were all rubbish and i lost interest by the fourth one. Stephen King adaptations are always a mixed bag and these are no exception
critique9431 *MANY MANY SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW* This movie was horrible. I am a huge baseball fan so I thought I'd watch it and I was very disappointed. It started out okay.. When I saw the bad influence DeNiro had on his young son I was hoping that he would become a better father throughout the movie or something. Anyways at the beginning it seemed as if DeNiro was supposed to be the protagonist. He was the only one that believed in Bobby and he had his adorable son that he was losing custody of which gave me a reason to feel bad for him. He wanted to help Bobby by talking to Primo when out of absolutely nowhere he brutally stabs Primo to death... Not to mention that sketchy reoccurring song "I WANT TO **** YOU!!!!" at random unfitting moments.<br /><br />Later when DeNiro saves Bobby's son from drowning I was hoping that the movie could redeem itself.. He could forgive himself for killing Primo if he saved Bobby's son. But of course this is far beyond the depth of the movie because all he cares about is getting CREDIT for the murder and does so by stealing Bobby's son car and dog and holding them hostage- Bobby just has to hit a home run and announce that DeNiro is a "true fan" while displaying a picture of him biting a knife.<br /><br />Now we get to the completely unrealistic scene at the end... It is pouring like hell and we are expected to believe that the game hasn't been called. Then DeNiro somehow magically appears on the field in an umpire suit and calls Bobby out at home proceeding to pull out his knife and start stabbing everyone that runs onto the field. There are seemingly no officers on the field (but the police are on their way) so DeNiro steps on the mound and prepares to pitch a knife to Bobby when he gets shot to death. But don't worry this cheerful and pleasant movie has a happy ending because Bobby find his son.<br /><br />This is NOT a sports movie. It is NOT about a fan. As far as I know fans are not rabid psychopaths that threaten rob and throw knives at their admirees. This is likely to be the sickest movie I will ever see in my life. The plot was shallow the soundtrack sucked the movie had no purpose whatsoever. I warn you not to waste your time on this disgusting excuse for a film.
critique9432 Are we serious??? I mean wow ... just wow. I think I saw this flick in an old issue of War Journal. This is pathetic originality is completely dead instead of trying to formulate a new idea what we receive is a bland re-do of an old plot line and to "switch it up" we just change the gender or race of the original character it's moronic and everyone should be sick and tired of seeing it ... but I guess this is just a rant and will most likely fall on deaf ears to engrossed with the sound of another turd hitting the toilet water like the best western since 3:10 to Yuma ... (wait for it)... 3:10 to Yuma! Thank You Hollywood for killing film as an art form and turning it into a commercial barrage of neo-pop junk and blatant retardation ... wonderful!!!
critique9433 Like another ticket buyer I saw a nice cute poster about this film it's five star review and awards won. Thought what the heck let's by a ticket for myself and my two sons. BAD IDEA. The movie was not a family film it was gratuitous and it contained nothing worth watching.
critique9434 Largely forgettable monster film from the 50s features truly awful special effects -- the "claw" in question is a giant puppet that would make Jim Henson want to kill himself. I just saw the movie last Thursday and I can't even tell you who was in it. That's a bad sign. I'm told that when the movie premiered audiences laughed it off the screen.... and that was in the 50s when standards in special effects were much lower. Basically I should have walked out of the theater as soon as the words "produced by Sam Katzman" came on the screen if I knew what was good for me but then I sat through "Harum Scarum" also so I guess I deserve it.
critique9435 Thursday June 9 6:45pm Broadway Performance Hall & Saturday June 11 1:45pm Broadway Performance Hall<br /><br />Bless the independent filmmaker. Without them we'd see nothing but Spielberg the Farrelly brothers and films based on old sitcoms. They are the risk takers. They reap the rewards of success and suffer the failures. Max and Grace is most definitely a failure. Credit is deserved by Michael Parness for getting out there and making his first feature which he claims drove him to bankruptcy. He might be better off sticking to the stage if this film is any indication of what to expect in the future. Even though everyone warned me I went to see Max and Grace anyway hoping I might discover something they did not. It starts off well enough a party for Max in his parent's house shot in warm subdued light the camera floating into interesting angles. As soon as we see Max has hung himself an obvious rip-off of Harold and Maude the whole thing goes right in the tank. How could he do this unnoticed in the middle of a birthday party? For that matter how could two mentally ill and committed psychiatric patients decide to get married and do it with the blessings of all parties concerned? In the Q&A after the film David Krumholtz suggested the entire story was the surrealist dream of his character Max. This story is so badly written the comment sounded more like an excuse. The film doesn't look as though it was made on a shoestring all the more reason to be so disappointed with the results. What's intended as funny isn't but instead is offensively bad. The continuity is sloppy the lighting is dreadful and the effects look cheap and forced. BPH seats under three hundred and was surprisingly full but I saw at least thirty or forty walkouts within the first half-hour. At one point Grace played by Natasha Lyonne laments her inability to die. I found myself thinking the same thing since I never walk out before the credits. If Krumholtz really thinks this is "one of the best scripts" he has ever read it sounds like he needs to catch up on his reading. A terrible waste of talent and resources this is the worst independent I've seen since Bubba-Ho-tep.
critique9436 Well...i was going to wait till this came out on video to see it and i wish i had I actually caught scary movie 2 on cable the other day and it made me yearn for more of the same what i got was AIRPLANE on CRACK... i mean if you like Airplane or any other Leslie nielsen vehicles then you'll probably be in heaven but if your used to the usually WAYANS COMEDY then you will be dissapointed there was alot more Eye candy in this one which will keep young hormone raged teenage boys happy which is probably why it was a box office hit the first week it came out. I enjoyed scary movie 2 ten times more then this fodder and part one 5 times as much. Odd that the better of the 3 is part 2 but then again i always liked Halloween 2 better then the original as well..maybe its just me. The funniest part of the movie has to be the way the Aliens Say Goodbye. But that wasnt worth the 11 dollars i spent to catch a matinee of this with my fiance. Save yourself cash and catch part 2 again on cable till this is released on Video tape and then Rent it dont buy it.
critique9437 Back when Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger were a mercurial hot-tempered high-powered Hollywood couple they filmed this (nearly) scene-for-scene remake of the 1972 Steve McQueen-Ali MacGraw action-thriller about a fugitive twosome. It almost worked the first time because McQueen was such a vital presence on the screen--even stone silent and weary you could sense his clock ticking his cagey magnetism. Baldwin is not in Steve McQueen's league but he has his charms and is probably a more versatile actor--if so this is not a showcase for his attributes. Basinger does well and certainly looks good but James Woods is artificially hammy in a silly mob-magnet role. A sub-plot involving another couple taken hostage by Baldwin's ex-partner was unbearable in the '72 film and plays even worse here. As for the action scenes they're pretty old hat which causes one to wonder: why even remake the original? ** from ****
critique9438 Wow. After seeing this film you will know why America's youth continues to lack intelligence and any traits to contribute to the wellbeing of society except for making themselves more inept to function.<br /><br />Jackass Number Two stars some of the most repremandable people imaginable who at there core lack any sort of talent or brains to make anything of themselves (especially Bam Margera and Steve-O) and there only option for fame was to make a living entertaining those as stupid as them by harming there being. A guy drinking horse semen? Just flat disgusting. A man putting a fish hook through his cheek and acting as "bait" for sharks? This isn't humor it's evidence for institutionalizing him.<br /><br />Overall I walked out of the theater with no hope for mankind.
critique9439 This film is totally unbelievable. The only way a girl would perform this act on a dog is if she had serious mental health issues or had a long history of sexual abuse or was under duress. Yet we are asked to believe that an otherwise 'normal' healthy female just got a bit bored and 'made a little mistake' and oops had a sexual encounter with a dog. What's more it never had any detrimental affect on her ever again except when she tells someone.<br /><br />Not she was raped by a dog or the dog did something she couldn't resist - she actively initiated oral sex and completed this activity with a pet dog of her own choice. She wasn't on drugs or anything she just 'felt like it'.<br /><br />The rest of the film seeks to put this action in a light of 'hey it could happen to anyone she's only being honest'.<br /><br />But really for this to be believed we have to believe that this is a woman who is capable of doing absolutely ANYTHING if she 'just feels like it'. Think about it - could she have considered the rights and wrongs of this action before carrying it out? If she had she would have stopped in her tracks. Human beings have instinctive boundaries for reasons. If we are now to start considering bestiality as a 'cute' little aberration what is next? Child abuse? Yet the 'heroine' is portrayed as a hard done by nice girl who had one moment of aberration. If she had been forced to carry out this act by an abuser - the story might have made more sense and I would have been able to accept the storyline. But there is no way that anyone carries out the prolonged activity required and referred to even once - if there is not some deep disturbance that requires a great deal of psychiatric help. This is NO WAY a one off happening in an otherwise perfect life.<br /><br />I know this is just a film but it is through normalising behaviour such as this via the media that society becomes desensitised and more and more awful realities become possible.<br /><br />I could imagine an abuser showing this to a child to persuade them that it isn't such a big deal and then moving on with their agenda. It could also be used by an abuser to underline to a child not to tell about the abuse - because look how people will react to you if you do.<br /><br />This is not about truth. The director WANTS people to think it's about truth. This is about degradation and how easily people (the viewing public)can be manipulated into accepting the most appalling concepts if wrapped up in the right way. The watching public are being manipulated degraded and laughed at.<br /><br />This is a film in which the actors and the viewers are being humiliated and made fools of in a very sophisticated way by a clever but extremely disturbed film writer.<br /><br />This film appears to me to be being used as a vehicle for the creator of the film to get off on the excitement of playing with your mind in an abusive manner. I don't know whether it is conscious on their part - but it is the most classic example of Mind F***k that I have ever encountered.<br /><br />I hope that this doesn't offend anyone too much. But if you watched this film - I don't think there is any room left to be offended by anything any more.
critique9440 That song keeps humming in my head. Not the greatest song but it's the 80's. This movie is about a lead singer who "supposebly" gets killed while being accused of murders as he stalks his girlfriend who sings backup vocals in his band. The lead singer whos name is Billy "Eye" (yeah right) is dead after two years and his band comes back for a concert only the backup vocalist is the lead singer this time. Billy stalks her and eventually goes around killing all these people and terrifying the girl and makeing people around her think theres something wrong with her and that shes imagining things. She finally decides to go to a cemetary and dig up his grave to see if he's still there. She sees that he's dead but still see's and hears his voice. During the end of the movie we find out the reason behind all of this Billy has a brother named John (right again) and John admits that he was jealous of his brother and that he killed all those people to get back at him and place the blame on his brother and then take his girlfriend and terrorize her because she called him crazy. The ending is very cheezy and the acting is very lame and wooden. But.... I like it anyway. I watch it for the song. I wish I had it.
critique9441 Dolph Lundgren stars as Murray Wilson an alcoholic ex-cop who gets involved with a serial killer who kills during sex after his brother is murdered Wilson starts his own investigation and finds out a lot of his brother's secrets in this very dull thriller. Lundgren mails in his performance and the movie is flat and lethargic. Also when has anyone watched a Dolph Lundgren movie for anything but action?
critique9442 This is possibly the worst thing I've ever seen on television. First I'm pretty sure it takes itself entirely seriously and I tend to be pretty good at recognizing satire. Second it displays Aristotelian levels of chauvinism; in one of the ads for it one of the "playas" describes women in terms of "quality". Third every contestant I've seen on it (six I think) was a dim-witted meathead of the variety likely to possess a Facebook with "BONING U" or "WOMEN" entered under "Here For". To paraphrase Roger Ebert this doesn't scrape the bottom of the barrel nor deserve mention in the same sentence as barrels. The closest thing to a redeeming feature I've experienced with regards to Key to the VIP was having a female friend reassure me that the male cast were indeed the opposite of attractive in both physical and mental terms.
critique9443 Like too many recent British films this one takes a great cast and gives them a flimsy cliched script to work with. The performances save it from total disgrace and it has some charm but it certainly didn't make me laugh. Where are all the great British writers hiding?
critique9444 Just finished watching American Pie: Beta House and I gotta say this was such a garbage pile of crap. The first 3 American Pies were hilarious the last 3 were a joke and should not have been called American Pie.<br /><br />As you figured out from the title of the movie Beta House is about a fraternity freshmen girls and the most original part of them all falling in love. Of course the guy that has his way with the chicks is Stifler who along with his mates tries to complete another apparently impossible task. It was unrealistic and super fake. Its just really predictable and the plot is so weak. Both sides of the college battle to see who gets the whole thing (something like that) To sum it up: awful acting + dull script + wrong use of the American Pie franchise = total waste of time! This movie is unbearable. I give it a two out of ten although most of it sucked there were lots of nudity and pretty girls like 2 funny scenes :)
critique9445 I am a huge Willem Dafoe fan and really sought out this film (I had to get a Region 5 Chinese DVD of it!). But it is truly one of the worst that I've seen in quite a while.<br /><br />The acting (except for Dafoe) is horrible. Dafoe and Colagrande BOTH wrote and directed this ( though he isn't credited as a director) and they have NO discernible talents for writing or directing. (Stick to acting Willem; Giada get out of the business PLEASE!)<br /><br />Absolutely nothing happens. Except a series of completely unconvincing totally without believable motivation acts by these two people (that just met) in this house. Colagrande's sleepy I couldn't care less expression practically NEVER changes. And the sex scenes are downright lame. I actually cringed twice at one of them. Yuck! They're definitely not the least bit erotic and yet are the only time the film isn't putting you to sleep. Then it's busy repulsing you.<br /><br />Just awful.
critique9446 A few bratty kids unwittingly unleash an evil that has lain dormant for the past twenty years and have to reap the ill fortune that comes with that.The Campbell Brothers' film before this "Midnight Skater" was fun & their picture after "the Red Skulls" was all right. So why is "Demon Summer" so mind-numbingly bad? I really don't know it IS better then their "Splatter Rampage Wrestling" but not be much as the basement level of acting is cringe-worthy and when a 'horror' film is as talky as this one is that's not a good thing. The story's been done to death in many other better films so why waste your time on this one? <br /><br />My Grade: D-
critique9447 Madhur has given us a powerful movie Chandni Bar in the past. His next film Page 3 was one of the worst movies of all time. It apparently tells the story of some high class people in India. After seeing a scene where the man forces another man for sexual reasons to Star in a Movie. I felt like spitting and breaking the DVD. Coincidently i did. The reason why was the movie contains scenes of child pornography and molestation. I literally vomited and was shocked to see a movie showing naked children. Very disturbing stuff there was no need to show the children fully naked. One of the rich guys likes to kidnap poor children and sell them to foreign people British men in this movie. I am shocked to know this film was a Hit in parts of India otherwise Super Flop in UK USA and Australia. I'm from UK and this kind of stuff makes me sick shouldn't of been released in UK.
critique9448 I too was intrigued by the high (8.5) rating for this film and was very disappointed. I had just seen a couple of good foreign films and was looking forward to making it three in a row but it was not to be. I went with a spanish speaking friend who felt the same way. There is not much of a plot if any. I don't necessarily need that in a movie but it needs to somehow entertain or bring me in. The best I could say would be that it aspires to be an Altman-esque film albeit with an extremely small ensemble. Sure there are moments but a few moments easily get thinned out by 97 slow minutes of nothing. I do not understand the high rating for this film. I give it a 3.<br /><br />
critique9449 Graduation Day is a result of the success of "Friday the 13th." Both of those films are about creative bloody murders rather than suspense. If you enjoy that type of film I'd recommend "Graduation Day." If not I wouldn't. There's nothing new here just the same old killings.<br /><br />Even though I've given the film a 4 out of 10 I will say that it's not a repulsive film. It is watchable if your curious about it just not creative.
critique9450 Unbelievable. Great cast fair acting interesting plot.<br /><br />But this movie has such graphic cruelties that are not tense or giving thrills just pure disturbing unruhe.<br /><br />*SPOILER*<br /><br />Everyone could see coming the freak returns to his habits. And that Robert Englund was acting (was he?) like an idiot; forbidding your daughter to sleep with a football player but him trying to kill an idiot and liking kiddypr0n is alright?! <br /><br />The policeman who's daughter was kidnapped - anyone felt he was a cop and not an actor? Not me. This movie drags on and on with an ending that we see in other horror movies: if the returns were alright a part 2 could be made. Bad really bad stuff. Might give creeps some inspiration...
critique9451 It must say something about the state of our nation that this programme is one of the most popular currently screened. <br /><br />The 'square' is peopled by such a miserable untrustworthy amoral spiteful unrelentingly dour group of characters as can be imagined. Everyone is stabbing someone in the back everyone is attempting to commit adultery everyone is trying to cheat someone. That or they are being stabbed cuckolded or swindled. Nobody is cheerful. Nobody laughs. Nobody has a blinding stroke of luck or a really nice day. It's hell with cockney accents.<br /><br />I suspect this programme must be sponsored by The Samaritans. It's perfect viewing for the depressed. It doesn't cheer them up; what it does do is present a whole community of such terminally despondent sad-arses that viewers are moved to believe their lot really could be worse - they might be living in 'Albert Square'.<br /><br />Apart from the above; as a representation of London's east end it is pure hokum. The programme-makers have evidently never been across town. The first thing you encounter on the Mile End Road is a colossal mosque. And this pretty-well defines the racial majority of the population. White British Londoners are a dispersed and rapidly diminishing minority. A large advertisement hoarding presently near the Bow Road flyover and sponsored by Tower Hamlets Health Care boasts that 'Eight out of ten members of the community can now see their doctor more quickly'. Ten healthy smiling faces beam down at the observer in confirmation. Eight of them are dark-skinned... <br /><br />What's more I used to work with a bunch of Anglo-Saxon - dare I say 'pukka' - cockneys a few years ago. And I can tell you that a more obnoxiously racist experience I've never had. Each day was like an Oswald Moseley rally. They couldn't pass 5 minutes without denigrating some other race or nationality than their own and in terms that were repulsive and obscene. 'Fackin' Pakis' and 'fackin' Maceroons' were the small change of conversation. In fact their entire (and extremely limited) stock of adjectives fixated upon sex-organs and their application. Alf Garnett was a paragon of liberal virtue in comparison.<br /><br />Any programme that purported to represent London's native east-end Caucasians in their true nature would be completely unfit for broadcast - even after the 9 o-clock watershed. Imagine a Ku Klux Klan script written by Quentin Tarantino and you'd be somewhere near the mark. But when they weren't being inveterate bigots they were at least extremely cheerful.<br /><br />I don't know how such a soap-opera came to be. This imaginary castaway island of white misery has absolutely no bearing upon real culture whatsoever. And if you're of a comparatively sanguine disposition it will quickly reduce you to tears of grief. Comparatively ordinary actors pretending to be comparatively ordinary chronic-depressives with cockney accents - what's the point of that?<br /><br />Dull dreary unrelentingly disillusional and ethnically preposterous. The most popular programme of an apparently diseased and dying nation.<br /><br />Avoid it like the plague.
critique9452 My daughter liked it but I was aghast that a character in this movie smokes. As if it isn't awful enough to see "product placement" actors like Bruce Willis who smoke in their movies - at least children movies should be more considerate! I wonder: was that intentional? Did big tobacco "sponsor" the film? What does it take to ban smoking from films? At least films intended for children and adolescents. My daughter liked it but I was aghast that a character in this movie smokes. As if it isn't awful enough to see "product placement" actors like Bruce Willis who smoke in their movies - at least children movies should be more considerate! I wonder: was that intentional? Did big tobacco "sponsor" the film? What does it take to ban smoking from films? At least films intended for children and adolescents.
critique9453 Brooke Shields -- in a departure from her "Suddenly Susan" duties -- plays a bitter divorcee who embroils three girlfriends in a "girls only" weekend in Palm Springs. The problem: Brooke is "unattached" and on the prowl while her friends are all involved. Hence the title implications and emotional backlash their "amoral" weekend causes.<br /><br />Despite a few laughs generated by Dan Cortese ("Victoria's Closet") and MTV "relationship authorities" Adam Corolla and Dr. Drew Pinsky this is somber stuff for women only. D.B. Sweeney Virginia Madsen and Jon Polito co-star.
critique9454 Movies about dinosaurs can be entertaining. So can Whoopi Goldberg movies. But Whoopi AND dinosaurs?<br /><br />After the first 20 minutes of "Theodore Rex" I had come to one conclusion: this movie is evil. Evil vile wicked and reprehensible in its spite for the audience. Nothing this bad is made by accident; this is the visual equivalent of a torture chamber.<br /><br />First of all Whoopi does not make good action movies (watch "Fatal Beauty" if you think I'm lying) but the film makers don't care - she's a tough cop here yet again. <br /><br />Seen a million cop buddy flicks this week? Well here's number one million and one pal.<br /><br />Don't like cute humanistic animated dinosaurs since that Spielberg TV show about them? Too bad here's another one and he's a cop too!<br /><br />You one of those people that hates car chases shoot-outs sloppy dialogue boring futuristic FX and seeing talented people (Goldberg Mueller-Stahl Roundtree) stuck in a movie that looks like a tax write-off? A BIG tax write-off?<br /><br />And you read this review all the way to the end. You DESERVE a sequel. Seriously.<br /><br />No stars not a one. And if they really make a sequel to "Theodore Rex" Hollywood deserves to be attacked a whole herd of wise-cracking foam rubber dinosaurs.<br /><br />Now I'd pay to see that.
critique9455 Going to need to take a deep breath for this one...<br /><br />Terrible special effects that tried to reach far beyond the limitations of the budget. Blatant and unashamed plagiarism of other sci-fi movies (like Pitch Black). Terrible acting. Endless slow motion scenes of characters walking aimlessly across sand dunes. Meandering dialogue that does nothing to further the story. Characters wearing turtle neck sweaters on a desert planet with two suns. A "cargo" ship staffed by a camouflage-wearing crew of gun-toting soldiers (why exactly would you need forest-camouflage in space anyway?). Some of the worst casting choices in the history of no-budget film-making - a steroid swollen "captain" who comes across more like a muscle-beach jock than a trustworthy commander and a "convict" who looks and acts about as dangerous as a bunny rabbit. 70 minutes in length 35 of which could have been trimmed out if the director had any concept of "compression of time through editing"...<br /><br />I won't go on. Suffice it to say that while some components of this awful movie can (and should) be forgiven due to it's low budget; the bad conception laughable plot holes and snore-inducing script are unforgivable on *any* budget. The end result is a tedious dull waste of time. Sorry guys I hate to be so harsh on an amateur film but you've no excuse for turning out this kind of work.
critique9456 The premise of the film was very promising - sort of a gay Napoleon Dynamite type of film. And to be fair there were some funny moments and funny lines but it really wasn't very good overall. The script and dialog felt like a local sketch production full of clichÃƒÂ©s and scenes that were predictable.<br /><br />However there was enough that was amusing that I stuck around to see how it finished since there were hints that something special happens at the end. But it seems that either the film ran out of money or the writer ran out of ideas because the ending is extremely abrupt almost skipping directly from what looked to be the key conflict in the film to the final credits.<br /><br />Overall it was very disappointing but not completely unwatchable...
critique9457 One of the worst films I have ever seen! After watching it i walk out like what happened? I am confused to this day can someone explain that movie to me please? both the acting and picture quality are so bad you'll think you're watching someone's school project made with a home camcorder. FirstI can not believe that how some people could give 10 star to this movie.Because.it's unbelievably bad movie! This movie isn't scary at all! There is even no Typical horror clichÃƒÂ©stoo. The plot and acting of This movie was terrible. It's notfantasticsurrealistic or horrorIt's just hideously bad Turkish feature film.And finally there were a lot of unnecessary scenes and unnecessary characters. When I watch 'Gomeda' I fell into so hopelessso sad for young Turkish movie maker.Pleaseplease don't make 'cinema' like this!
critique9458 The only thing that "An Inconvenient Truth" proves is that Al Gore is still an idiot. These "unchallenged" experts are unchallenged because a response to their inane hypotheses is generally beneath real science. This is mostly false science folks. The greatest source of greenhouse gases - CO2 - is people we exhale it and unless you're willing to start sacrificing your brethren to save the world there's not a darn thing to be done. We've heard how the world was going to end as the result of man for more than 50 years. Fools publish a time line for their doomsday and when the time passes nothing has happened. "An Inconvenient Truth" is just another vehicle with which a disingenuous faction of American society can peddle their poop.<br /><br />And as to Al leaving the tobacco business because of his sister's death from cancer that is a load too. Al couldn't run his farm any better than he could run the country. He was losing money on the operation because he didn't care to farm when he could make more $ on speaking tours. The only global warming that is unchallenged is the hot air produced by this gasbag!
critique9459 If I had not read Pat Barker's 'Union Street' before seeing this film I would have liked it. Unfortuntately this is not the case. It is actually my kind of film it is well made and in no way do I want to say otherwise but as an adaptation it fails from every angle.<br /><br />The harrowing novel about the reality of living in a northern England working-class area grabbed hold of my heartstrings and refused to let go for weeks after I had finished. I was put through tears repulsion shock anger sympathy and misery when reading about the women of Union Street. Excellent. A novel that at times I felt I could not read any more of but I novel I simply couldn't put down. Depressing yes but utterly gripping.<br /><br />The film. Oh dear. Hollywood took Barker's truth and reality and showered a layer of sweet icing sugar over the top of it. A beautiful film an inspiring soundtrack excellent performances a tale of hope and romance...yes. An adaptation of 'Union Street'...no.<br /><br />The women of Union Street and their stories are condensed into Fonda's character their stories are touched on but many are discarded. I accept that some of Barker's tales are sensitive issues and are too horrific for mass viewing and that a film with around 7 leading protagonists just isn't practical but the content is not my main issue. The essence and the real gut of the novel is lost - darkness and rain broken windows covered with cardboard and the graphically described stench of poverty is replaced with sunshine pretty houses and a twinkling William's score.<br /><br />If you enjoyed the film for its positivity and hope in the face of 'reality' I advise that you hesitate to read the book without first preparing yourself for something more like 'Schindler's List'...but without the happy ending.
critique9460 <br /><br />Paul Verhoeven finally bombed out on this one. He became a joke on himself. Once again we have a film which includes sex and violence immorality leering at women and lots of attitiude talk between the characters and dollying pans.<br /><br />Its all for nothing. Because their is no action at all in this film. It fudges all its set pieces. All the actors give the kind of performances form a Verhoeven film. In other words rampant over acting on almost every level. Starship Troopers got away with it because it was such a macho world the characters inhabited. In this scientists are acting the same way. Sorry Paul but Soldiers and scientist are not really made of the same mindset.<br /><br />One major flaw in the plot was that after escaping for that one night to do evil things Kevin Bacons character then returns back to the science lab where we have already spent more then enough time watching these animated manniquens (Elizabeth Shue excepted) walk and talk. Why not show the extent of what the character could do in the outside world. How could they possibly track him if he could be anywhere at all??? Think os all the different things that could have been done with this concept both in terms of story and characterisation. Then look at what this film does and you really how badly done and concieved the whole project really was.<br /><br />More insulting is the Doco on the DVD where everyone is claiming that Verhoeven is some kind of MAd Genius. Well one out of two isnt that bad.<br /><br />This film has nothing of note in it. Just like the title says.<br /><br />Hollow!!!
critique9461 The director was probably still in his early learning stages when he tried his hand at westerns. Have a look at the outfits. Everybody looks well-scrubbed well-brushed well-dressed and well-ironed as though ready for church. Even the horses look well-groomed and shiny. This is a WESTERN for crying out loud! It's supposed to look dusty nasty and sweaty. And then there's the amateurish acting of the females in this bird. The whole lot a dozen or so all pretty and well-endowed were just freshly raped and widowed but hardly a tear flows. Instead they all look with great interest (if not downright lust) at the newly arrived magnificent seven who they subsequently feed bandage and comfort with love during their battles with the bandits. The same directing criticism goes for Lee van Cleef who does a reasonable good acting job. Our Lee playing the law just lost his dear wife. But Lee hard as organic rock shows no emotion whatsoever and finds himself within days of his spouse's demise in the arms of a juicy widow with whom he together with her brood walks off into the future. The cad. And then there's another thing that always kind of bothers me with this type of films: it doesn't matter how many dynamite-induced explosions take place in the middle of a pack of some 50 horses never mind how many shots are being fired at the rabble on top of them only the crooks get killed and the nags always go their way rejoicing in one piece. (I know...silly moi...it's just a movie...). It's not the worst western ever made but prepare for some serious yawning.
critique9462 I had already heard of Ali G in Madonna's music video "Music". I always think he's funny. (In fact he really is.) Just last year I always thought of buying a VCD of "Ali G Indahouse". That's why some months later I bought it cheap and I started watching it.<br /><br />But the movie surprised me. My older brother and I were expecting it to be a great laugh-out comedy. It turns out that "Indahouse" is just a stupid piece of garbage. It was really really bad. It also contains explicit sexuality content and very crude humor. It also didn't made me laugh even just a big smile. We definitely hate that movie. Oh by the way I have plans to sell it.<br /><br />Ali G was really different in his movie compared to his TV shows-- in such a negative way. Maybe he wasn't really well-focused and enough serious to make this flick. Just because there's some sex scenes in it doesn't mean it's freaking hilarious (because sometimes too much isn't that laughable anymore). For the first time ever I was disappointed at him. That really made me sad rather and happy.<br /><br />I gave this movie 1 over 10. Actually I really want to give it a 0 rating. It's one of the worst movies I've seen in my entire life. I wouldn't recommend to anyone who wanna watch good comedies that aren't too explicit or horrible.
critique9463 I have seen already fantastic stories but the premises of this one are so unbelievable that it comes very close to being ridiculous. A rich and young guy undergoes a heart transplant the day after his marriage and he is somehow witnessing his own surgery and the plot of his surgeons to kill him. Even if there is a medical explanation to such a phenomenon what next happens is a mixture of dialog among ... say ... souls? ... maybe and real life where the dedicated mother will do everything to save the life of her son. There is no shade of suspense or thrill just a combination of a bad and simplistic plot with a series of coincidences that can never happen in life.<br /><br />This is not to say that the film is completely lacking quality - actually first time director Joby Harold does a decent job in directing a good team of actors that includes Hayden Christensen at his first major role after having taken off the Anakin Skywalker costume fabulous Jessica Alba and super-gifted Lena Olin. All would have deserved a better story.
critique9464 The End of Violence and certainly the Million Dollar hotel hinted at the idea the Wenders has lost his vision his ability to tell compelling stories through a map of the moving picture. The Land of Plenty seals the coffin I'm afraid by being a vastly unimaginative obviously sentimental and clichÃƒÂ©'d film. The characters are entirely flat and stereotyped the writing plot and direction are amateurish at best. For the first time in quite a while I was impatient for the film to end so I could get on with my life. The war-torn delirium of the uncle the patriotic abstract gazing at the sky at the conclusion...it all just struck me as being so simple and pathetic hardly the work of a filmmaker who once made some compelling magic on screen. What happened? The days of experimentation perceptive writing and interesting filming possibilities are long behind him I'm afraid. Let's hope he finds his inspiration again... At the Toronto film festival which is where I saw the film Wenders was there to introduce it. Completely lacking in humility he offered us the following: "I hope...no wait...I KNOW you're going to enjoy the next two hours." I'm afraid he couldn't be more wrong...
critique9465 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9466 My suggestion..... This movie was really intended to be a "comedy"wasn't it?!!!! If not the producers directors actors & "hair stylists" should really choose another career! Now the guidelines of my submission requires a minimum of "10 lines". How in the world can I add any more to this? Hmm...Let me see. Oh yes the beginning of the movie was quite hilarious with the "crash landing" scene. Too bad that the plane didn't hit the tanker truck & a bunch of "martians" would have scrambled out from the wreckage (obviously hiding) and decided to take over the "world" planet and make a better movie. Now that would have been a great beginning!<br /><br />T
critique9467 It appears that many critics find the idea of a Woody Allen drama unpalatable. And for good reason: they are unbearably wooden and pretentious imitations of Bergman. And let's not kid ourselves: critics were mostly supportive of Allen's Bergman pretensions Allen's whining accusations to the contrary notwithstanding. What I don't get is this: why was Allen generally applauded for his originality in imitating Bergman but the contemporaneous Brian DePalma was excoriated for "ripping off" Hitchcock in his suspense/horror films? In Robin Wood's view it's a strange form of cultural snobbery. I would have to agree with that.
critique9468 Firstly I would like to point out that I only know of the show due to my younger sister always watching it. I find it the most annoying program on TV. There is nothing funny about any of the 'jokes' and the canned laughter is unbearable. The show would work much better if filmed in front of a live audience. That way the laughter would show just how 'unfunny' the show is. However I give credit to the acting talents of the young cast. It sickens me however to think that they'll look back on the show in the future and see how bad their first TV show was. The show links in well with the overall annoying voices and style of the CBBC presenters. Why the youth of today need to be shouted at so much is beyond me. That is all.
critique9469 when i watched this crap it reminded me of the the title of the movie FIRE Which is where this garbage belongs in a fire. I don't even know what to say the acting blew the fire looked really fake Andy the chicks are'nt exactly supermodels. And lastly i don't know what you people are complaining i own this damn movie yeah happy birthday to me Well i guess it could be worse i could be watching left behind 2. And to make things worse i have the whole set on DVD firevolcanoearthquakeavalanche. All i'm missing is the awesome tornado movie which i hear sucks balls.<br /><br />Well until my next crap movie peace
critique9470 Well it certainly stunned me - I can not believe that someone made another Australian film that's even more boring than Somersault. The story is implausible the characters with the exception of Friels' and Mailman's characters are unlikeable and wooden Tom Long possesses a VAST array of facial expressions: happy and not happy and the "sex scenes" which could have been very confronting and disturbingly erotic would have been at home in a low-budget porno flick.<br /><br />This is the first movie I have seen in 30 years of cinema-going that has had me on the edge of my seat....ready to get up and leave.<br /><br />The best thing about this movie is the promotional poster.
critique9471 Richard Gere and Diane Lane star in a chick flick romance with the sort of ending I get really angry about...lets just say its not my cup of tea just like the dime store romances are not my cup of tea.<br /><br />The plot has a doctor stopping at an inn and meeting a woman that he has a deep but brief affair with. He goes off to meet his estranged son and she goes back to her life.<br /><br />Well acted and well made the filmmakers forgot to get a real plot line. This is the stuff of dime store romances that makes the women swoon and the men shake their head in disbelief. I wouldn't be so adverse to the film as a mindless romance except that the film takes a turn in the final reel that is so out of left field as to be completely unbelievable. Why must certain types of movies do stupid things like this? It really ruined it for me.<br /><br />If you like romance give it a shot though wait for cable.
critique9472 Pepe le Moko played by Charles Boyer is some sort of international criminal mastermind wanted in countries throughout Europe and to stay free he holes himself up in the Casbah a mysterious part of Algiers where even the police are reluctant to go until a senior officer is sent from Paris to capture le Moko once and for all. For le Moko although the Casbah allows him to remain out of police custody it also becomes a sort of prison at the same time - a place he can't leave because the moment he does he knows he'll be arrested.<br /><br />Boyer's performance was good and I can understand why he was nominated for an Oscar. He captures the essence of such a character - a perfect combination of very dangerous and yet very classy at the same time. The movie itself unfortunately was quite a letdown. A number of parts of the story seemed inconsistent of which I'll mention two. First was the idea that the police wouldn't enter the Casbah. That was stated pretty clearly at the beginning of the film by the local commander and yet repeated references in the movie suggest that in fact the police did enter the Casbah fairly regularly. So neither the suggestion by Commissioner Janvier that the police wouldn't enter nor the statement by Inspector Slimane (also a decent performance by Joseph Calleia) that they could get into the Casbah but not out seemed to make much sense. I also found it difficult to believe that le Moko - hardened criminal mastermind that he was - could be so quickly swept off his feet by Gaby (Hedy Lamarr) to the point where he entertains the local populace by singing love songs and then leaves the Casbah to find her essentially giving himself up. I understand the irony of the final few scenes of course as Pepe leaves the freedom of his prison (the Casbah) only to find real freedom in his capture (because he's shot and killed by the police.) I just found it impossible to believe that someone like le Moko would fall into such a trap.<br /><br />This is worth watching for Boyer and to a lesser extent Calleia but the story is disappointing and inconsistent. 3/10
critique9473 Superhero Movie (2008) is the most recent in the long line over "parody" movie movies which I despise so much. I wish this movie could be the death of the genre but I know that it isn't awful enough to put the final nail in the coffin.<br /><br />If Meet the Spartans is considered the bottom of the barrel as far as Hollywood movies go than Superhero Movie is probably near the top. Unfortunately Meet the Spartans was actually miles below the barrel and this movie just barely makes it in.<br /><br />Superhero Movie has a decent cast of C-list celebs. It's got Drake Bell (the kid from Disney's Drake and Josh) Leslie Nielson (Airplane!) Tracy Morgan (SNL and 30 Rock) and a few others scattered throughout. Although it has the star power to light a 40-watt bulb the movie fails to utilize any humor.<br /><br />This movie is about 80 minutes long most of which is dedicated to following the Spiderman plot and not one single joke is funny. I didn't laugh or chuckle or smirk the entire time.<br /><br />Don't see this movie. Don't even think about it. For the love of cinema just skip it and maybe they wont come out with another one.<br /><br />...oh who am I kidding? They'll probably come out with another one by fall.
critique9474 A great slasher movie -- too bad it was the producers and not part of the script. Basic plot summary - man with redhead fetish goes invites such women to his flat only to go into some kind of freakish coma and proceeds in offing them to various degrees of success. Only the cutting crew behind the scenes must have thought the movie was as ad as I did and chopped the heck out of the movie. Nothing flows you get lost on which redhead he is with at the time (didn't he off that one earlier??) and most of the time it looks like the camera man passed out and resumed filming when he awoke. Not that I can blame him I passed out 2-3 times and had to rewind and resume to try to regain what little plot that does exist. Warning when you see the ending DO NOT try to connect it with anything that happens before -- you will just get an aneurysm. Not worth the time effort or God forbid money. Only reason to get a 2 instead of a 1 - the slim chance that the hacking occurred between film release and the horrible version that I watched.
critique9475 This sequel is thoroughly uneven incoherent and rambling in "plot" (if there really is one)and tries too damned hard to be modern (ridiculous out of period and character 21 st century style songs predominate) and cute (yawn: there are too many manufactured belaboured jokes with animals.) The actors in his film are secondary to the juvenile plot. Even Glenn Close (and she is normally very good) sweeps through this film parodying herself as the original De Ville and the lead from Sunset Boulevard! It's a film that isn't even good to look at. This is a very good example of a bad and pointless sequel. Even Basic Instinct 2 had a plot characterisation and acceptable acting. This doesn't. It is bad.
critique9476 This is one of those road movies that would like to tell you a lotta things about womenthe universethe better lifethe terrible solitude of the brilliant architect from Manhattan who severs all links with everyoneincluding his three years old child -which may seem irresponsible to some-Actually the hero wins hands down when it comes to selfishness and the scene with his old school pal which begins as some kind of good old days conversation and ends on a threatening note is the oasis in a desert movie.<br /><br />The scene with-the-father-who-left-home-when -I-was-a child has been told and told and TOLD.Of course it did not prevent the offspring from making his way of life.And when you see the hero's wife's attitude you may think she must never have heard about woman's lib.<br /><br />The best is the soundtrack which includes superb songs by Willie NelsonTom Waits or Bonnie Raitt...But you can enjoy them without this tedious pretentious work.
critique9477 When I first watched this movie in the 80s I loved it. I was totally fascinated by the music the dancing... everything. However I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was. I mean in a realistic world she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic. The character developments also lacked in depth. I think that this was very much a product of the 80s: the film does not hold up today!
critique9478 Gymkata is without a doubt one of the worst movies ever made. But not the bad kind of bad movies. This one is so awful it's fun to watch and laugh. Kurt Thomas clearly does not have a lucrative career in acting. He should go back to gymnastics. But who can forget such memorable scenes as the high bar with chalk the stone pommel horse or the five minute chase scene through the village of the crazies in slow motion. I don't think it was meant to be this bad but who can tell. It's not art but if you want something lite and fluffy that will make a good conversation rent gymakta. Makes for an evening of fun.
critique9479 This film could have been a decent re-make and gosh knows it tried (or Ms. English tried). Assembling talented actors together with a successful & experienced writer/director should be a formula for a decent film. But Ms. English's experience - according to her IMDb bio - is exclusively limited to television work and it is glaringly obvious throughout this film.<br /><br />I am surprised that none of the reviews I have read mention what I found most unlikeable about this film and what kept it from reaching even a portion of its potential: it looked and felt like it was made for television. To give some credit to Ms. English many of the jokes that simply did NOT work on a movie screen would have been terrific on TV (and maybe a laugh track would have helped). So much of the camera usage and the lighting would have played out fine on TV but looked awkward or odd on a big screen. If the whole film had been chopped up into a mini-series or a sit-com I think it could have worked. But this is cinema and sadly Ms. English's talents didn't translate. I cringed at so many different points in my embarrassment for the actors & the writers that I felt like I came out of the theater half shriveled! Meg Ryan is her usual perky cute self (except for the awful plastic surgery she has had on her face) but where did she have a chance to use her talent?! She has made films where she doesn't recreate her stereo-typed role and done them well... but not here. Annette Bening seemed to simply go through the motions - such a great talent and yet such a poor performance! I enjoyed the other women characters but they were more caricature than substance and it was sad to see. What worked in this film in the 1930s doesn't translate to the 2000s and no one helped Ms. English get the changes & updates or subtleties right. If only she (as writer director AND producer) had reached out for some assistance I think it could have been good. But it was not.<br /><br />It's so frustrating to go to a movie that has good stars and a good writer or director and come away feeling it was a waste of everyone's time & money! This New Yorker cartoon I saw yesterday is appropriate: A few movie execs are having a meeting & the caption reads: "Let's remake a classic with worse everything!"
critique9480 This movie was ridiculous from the start. Let me save you all time from watching this movie. A woman who sells corn liquor to the locals takes in her cousin or nephew and he convinces her to open a cafÃƒÂ© downstairs from her home. She does and she and the cousin become close. There is a scene later where she is locking lips with him. Later the woman finds out an old boyfriend is coming back from jail and its tense between them leading to a down and out fist fight in the cafÃƒÂ©. The woman's cousin/nephew is enamored by the man. The ending was awful the story was awful and if I could get back the time wasted on this movie I would appreciate it. A definite skip.
critique9481 Wow! What a movie if you want to blow your budget on the title and have it look real bad ask the guys that made this movie on how to do that. They could have spent the money on a good rewrite or something else. Or they could have spent it on beer when they made this movie at least it would have come out better.
critique9482 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9483 Man I must say when I saw the trailer I was excited. Futuristic soldiers taking on bad ass Vampires led by genre vet Michael Ironside....In Space. I mean I wasn't expecting high art but It looked like a potential B movie classic. This was no doubt a TV pilot reedited some time later into a feature film after it wasn't picked up. Alright I'll start with the films few good points the action was competent for a lower budgeted film and the CGI and locations used were passable. Now onto the bad first off Michael Ironside was barley in this and his performance here....well it was cheesy not in a good way. But as I said he wasn't in it much anyways so I can't blame him. One thing that was really stupid was the PETA type group for Vampires' no I'm not joking it's the dumbest most unbelievable thing I've seen in along time and it's taken seriously. Also this film commits one of the major B movie sins it teases a lesbian scene and doesn't deliver. Most of all what sinks this film is nothing really happens. Since it was meant to be a pilot the script is almost nonexistent and it doesn't have a regular ending. Even the main villains only come in towards the end. If ever a movie needed to up the Sleaze and gore factor it's Vampire Wars. In closing I will say the main crew on the spaceship were all very capable actors and could very well put this mess behind them and go on to bigger and better things. They just had nothing to work with here.
critique9484 The Deadly Look of Love is essentially "Fatal Attraction" with a couple of twists added onto the back half. The ending will not surprise anyone who has seen more than two or three Movies of the Week. It is yet another cautionary tale about succumbing to temptation and it adds nothing fresh to the genre.<br /><br />Brett (Vincent Spano) is engaged to a beautiful woman who just happens to have a sizable trust fund. Even though he has it all he risks losing everything by starting up a steamy side affair with Janet (Jordan Ladd). Janet a doe-eyed blonde from Cedar Falls falls hard for Brett and she does not take it particularly well when he comes clean about his engagement. Shortly after the wedding Mrs. Brett turns up dead in the master bedroom of the large luxurious home she shared with her new husband. When the police question Brett he promptly points the finger at Janet. Following her arrest Janet seems to get loonier by the minute - not that she was the picture of stability before. Her defense attorney (Holland Taylor) is convinced that Janet is innocent and is hell bent on proving it.<br /><br />Did she do it or didn't she? How will it end? You can find out the answers to these questions the next time "The Deadly Look of Love" airs on your local station. And be sure not to miss the moral of this beautiful story: men are pigs and women are crazy.
critique9485 I admire the effort of trying to reach out to the rest of the world with this tragic story. However the movie is done SO BADLY that most people I know couldn't sit through it. The movie was relevant to me since I lived in Estonia when these events took place but it is written horribly and fails to capture the attention of someone who knows nothing on the matter. The music choices do not flow well with the movie it seems as if someone just turned a CD player on in the background to put the actors "in the mood". The acting... well what acting? The only people acting are JÃƒÂ¼rgen Prochnow and Donald Sutherland even though Prochnow seems uncomfortable in this role. As far as the relationship development goes between Erik Westermark (JÃƒÂ¼rgen Prochnow) and Julia Reuter (Greta Scacchi) it is like watching a train wreck. There is absolutely no chemistry and it is painful to witness their "sincere moments." This is not a good movie. There is a difference between trying to get a message out (could've been a documentary!) and trying to make a good movie. This is a failure and anyone here who says otherwise makes me wonder if they are trying to promote it. As a matter of fact as a native of Estonia I am offended by this miserable effort. This tragedy deserves more than just a homemade low-budget ghost chase excuse of a movie. This could have been much more!
critique9486 I fail to see how anyone who has actually read the M. Didius Falco mysteries could make such a mockery of them. An Aussie has no business in Ancient Rome. Nothing of the books is in this film except the setting and characters and they are wasted on a plot thin enough through which to read the silly script. Kevin Connor and Lee Zlotoff have a lot of nerve displaying their names in the credits.
critique9487 Joan Fontaine is swept off her feet by the suave Cary Grant. After their marriage she realizes that her husband is very irresponsible and owes a major gambling debt. It appears that Grant tries to scheme his best friend Nigel Bruce out of part of his life savings. Bruce ends up murdered and Fontaine suspects that her husband will try to kill her for the insurance money. This drama drags on to an abrupt and flat finale.
critique9488 as an inspiring director myself this movie was exciting to watch with criticism in mind. Shot with low end digital camera probably with 35mm adapter for DOF. The editing is good acting decent sound effects aren't too over the top. I would have give it a 7 for an indie film but the story aren't that interesting. It's more on the drama side character developments than a horror flick.<br /><br />It's not for those who wants to get spooked startled frightened grossed out or sit down with popcorn to just enjoy.<br /><br />honestly this movie would be good if we were still in the 50's<br /><br />This movie is about a family who has a dry field and that is just that.
critique9489 CAMP BLOOD <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (Nu-View 3-D)<br /><br />Sound format: Mono<br /><br />Whilst hiking in woodland near the deserted Camp Blackwood - site of an unsolved murder ten years earlier - four young city-dwellers are targeted by a masked psychopath who kills their guide (Courtney Harris) and stalks them through the woods with murderous intent...<br /><br />Low-rent time-waster filmed on camcorder utilizing the Nu-View field sequential 3-D format. There's a plot at least but the script adheres closely to an established blueprint (with obvious nods to the likes of "Friday the 13th" "The Burning" and "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre") without adding anything even remotely new or interesting to the formula. Director Brad Sykes - also responsible for similar 3-D efforts like THE ZOMBIE CHRONICLES (2001) and BLOODY TEASE (2002) - cites the early works of George A. Romero and Sam Raimi as key influences on his career but while those filmmakers challenged the mainstream with their no-budget efforts Sykes uses video technology merely to imitate his cinematic heroes resulting in a home movie with delusions of grandeur. Aside from the 3-D format there is NOTHING here to warrant anyone's attention. Followed by CAMP BLOOD 2 (2000).
critique9490 I had a bad feeling when I saw the cheap title work. It only took a couple of scenes to confirm that this movie is a real stinker! The only enjoyment I got out of this was to laugh at the technical flaws (example - the background "car sounds" audio just disappears during the scene with Danny and Dog in Dog's car). Production shows a total lack of imagination (example - slow motion machine gun fire repeats many times). Sandra Bullock plays essentially a bit part completely unnecessary to the plot. To say that this movie actually HAS a plot is doing more justice to the writing than it deserves. The antique computer hardware is kind of interesting. This film was released in 1982 (not 1987 as the IMDb database indicates) and then current "high tech" was an amber screen on a 4.8 MHz IBM PC with floppy drives. Maybe the PC was the real star of the movie... at least it was interesting.<br /><br />We got this on DVD for a couple of bucks in the bargain bin at WalMart. As the other reviewer notes we paid too much!
critique9491 I can't believe how awful this movie turned out to be. I feel magnanimous even referring to it as a "movie". The acting was flat the editing was terrible and the plot leaves many major questions unanswered. The premise was OK if unoriginal: a small group of aliens is living in the US and trying to slowly take over humanity. But it goes rapidly downhill from there. How could they convince a "human" to accept an alien as his wife in order to make they alien-human hybrid they require? They show a larval alien but never show what it does. They have a plastic surgeon that can produce perfect looking skin on an industrial scale. They throw in the obligatory huge alien monster with teeth. The ending was almost too painful to watch. I suppose that I'm mostly disappointed that Bruce Boxlietner would have anything to do with this. How could he say to the huge alien monster with teeth "Get away from him you son of a b*tch" with a straight face? It's a long fall from his Babylon 5 days. Avoid this at all costs.
critique9492 This one is a bit more stylish than the average erotic thriller and Peta Wilson is a very sexy presence but it plays like they lost a few pages of script somewhere. Subplots come in and out of nowhere the connections between some of the characters are murky and the killer's motivation is unclear to say the least. Maybe they could get away with this in a porn version but here some more clarification is needed.
critique9493 Jack London's life was certainly colorful enough for a dozen films about different aspects of him. Sad to say though that what his life was used for in film was some wartime propaganda that put the best face on some of the least attractive parts of his character.<br /><br />Jack London who barely saw the age of 40 when he died wrote some of the best stories around. He wrote on what he knew but he also wrote as does everyone else bringing the baggage of his own life experience with him. Some of that experience in another day and time would have been condemned as racism. But this was World War II and London was a big believer in the 'yellow peril' as it was called back in the day.<br /><br />Two thirds of the film covers his life as author we see his years as a seaman from where he got the inspiration for The Sea Wolf. We see him up in the Yukon in a miner's cabin with a dog that was no doubt his inspiration for The Call of the Wild. London was able to capture the spirit of adventure that his own life was all about right on paper for the world to enjoy ever since.<br /><br />The final third dealt with his time as a war correspondent covering the Russo-Japanese War. London was a socialist but his socialism did not encompass folks who were Oriental. Like a few million others he saw the rising immigration of the Chinese and Japanese to our Pacific coast as a threat to jobs for the white people. He advocated strict immigration policies for Orientals.<br /><br />The film puts the cart before the horse. London is presented as a man who saw because he was on hand at the Russo-Japanese War what Japan's ambitions were and for that reason was as xenophobic as he was. Actually the kind of atrocities present in World War II were not existent during the Russo-Japanese conflict. Japan had her imperial ambitions but so did everyone else including the USA at that time. But our immigration policies caused by pressure from our West Coast politicians was a big contributing factor to the deterioration of relations with Japan over a couple of generations. London was part of the cause not a prophet crying in the wilderness.<br /><br />This film was the first independent production of Samuel Bronston who later did some films with a bit more budget than Jack London. Had he a bit more money Bronston might have gotten James Cagney or Spencer Tracy both who would have been right for the role. Instead they got Michael O'Shea who was making his second film after Lady of Burlesque. O'Shea is fine in the part but certainly was no box office.<br /><br />As London is covering the war he meets up with a Captain Tanaka who is played by Leonard Strong an actor who specialized in Orientals and played a ton of them in World War II. From the vantage point in 1905 Strong outlines in the best Fu Manchu tradition Japan's imperial aims right up to taking on the USA eventually. Must have gone over great with the swing shift crowd. <br /><br />A lot of course is left out of London's life including a first wife. Playing the second and only wife in this film is Susan Hayward who only comes into the movie when it's half over. I wish we'd have seen more of her. Charmian Kittredge London survived her husband by almost 40 years dying in 1955.<br /><br />O'Shea in fact met and married the leading lady of his life in Jack London. Virginia Mayo has a small role in Jack London and they married for 30 years until O'Shea died in 1973.<br /><br />Maybe one day we'll get a view of Jack London that will be a lot better than this one.
critique9494 I'm an animator myself and an all around buff of the medium so when I saw this movie in a $5 bin I figured it was worth a shot to add to my collection. While I never regret having a new addition to my animation library this film was definitely disappointing.<br /><br />The premise has enough potential. A penguin named Hubie finds the perfect pebble to give to the girl he loves as the penguin equivalent to an engagement ring but before he can give it to her he's cast out by an evil rival and lost at sea. He then befriends another penguin who helps him find his way home. That set up isn't great but it's enough to set up what could be a fun adventure. Unfortunately the duo's exploits never really amount to much and it all gets pretty repetitive. Most of the situations they find themselves in are really uninspired and lacking in creativity...and the bonding the two of them under go is cheesy and forced.<br /><br />Animation is good but not up to Don Bluth's usual standards. This is the guy that gave us The Secret of Nimh Land Before Time and An American Tale all of which had an attention to detail that often surpassed Disney the granddaddy of feature animation. This one doesn't amount to much beyond high end TV fair.<br /><br />The music is alright but pretty forgettable and the voice actors are all wasted talent...Martin Short is particularly wasted here as the lead character who in spite of being spoken of as a bumbler is practically a straight man through the whole film.<br /><br />In short the movie will probably appeal to very small kids but a good family film should appeal to all ages and unfortunately it doesn't got what it takes.
critique9495 How many monster tree movies can you see in a lifetime?Well I'll go out on a limb and say one.This movie is better watched late at nightwith a 12 pack of beer the sound off and you and your friends making up the dialogue.<br /><br />On a Pacific Island a young man is sentenced to death for consorting with the "evil Americans".(Seems his loving wife has been sleeping with the witch doctor and they set him up to die so the doc' can be king).Well he vows to come back and wreak revenge.<br /><br />Before you can shake a stick the goofy natives run to the American scientists' hut screaming"Tobanga come!"<br /><br />It seems the young corpse has done just that as Tobanga the walking tree monster. Yes his revenge is terrible (and so is this movie).It seems that these natives cannot run from a lumbering tree so he tosses them in quicksandrolls them down hills etc.Pretty soon the new king wants to trade his woman or kingdom for an axe or a chainsaw.<br /><br />General problems with this movie are numerous. The comedy relief is an obnoxious woman with a Cockney accent (like this movie needs comedy).You want her to die upon her first appearance.The leading lady is whiny.The leading man is a boor.The acting is wooden (pun intended).The dialogue is stiff and lumbering.The natives have Brooklyn accents.The monster suit is pure giggles.<br /><br />While this is a bad movie it still is fun to watch.It gets a 3 on unintentional laughs alone.Your dog may rate it just a bit higher but only if the tree wasn't mobile.
critique9496 Now I LOVE Italian horror films. The cheesier they are the better. However this is not cheesy Italian. This is week-old spaghetti sauce with rotting meatballs. It is amateur hour on every level. There is no suspense no horror with just a few drops of blood scattered around to remind you that you are in fact watching a horror film. The "special effects" consist of the lights changing to red whenever the ghost (or whatever it was supposed to be) is around and a string pulling bed sheets up and down. Oooh can you feel the chills? The DVD quality is that of a VHS transfer (which actually helps the film more than hurts it). The dubbing is below even the lowest "bad Italian movie" standards and I gave it one star just because the dialogue is so hilarious! And what do we discover when she finally DOES look in the attic (in a scene that is daytime one minute and night the next)...well I won't spoil it for anyone who really wants to see but let's just say that it isn't very "novel"!
critique9497 Ho hum. Rich good looking kid gets in trouble poor girl falls in love with him jealous ex-boyfriend causes tension.. yadda yadda. I actually laughed out loud in many parts of this movie because the next scene was so predictable and just plain stupid. As one scene moved on to the next I often found myself wondering just how we got there like I had skipped a few chapters in a book.<br /><br />The script was pretty pitiful and didn't have me or my wife caring much about any of the characters except the jilted boyfriend. Now if the ex boyfriend had gotten an axe and hacked apart the girl and rich kid then.... then we would have a movie and all the stupid dialog and leaps in plot could be acceptable. But since this movie attempts to be touching and totally misses the boat (and ends up resorting to the romance equivalent of divine intervention to try and jerk a tear)... it just falls very very flat.<br /><br />Avoid this movie. Clip your toenails instead you will have more fun.
critique9498 Woody Allen has lost his ability to write dialogue or characters that are clearly distinguishable from each other. This is the case with "Melinda and Melinda" where all the characters speak with Allen's generic pseudo-sophistication and have problems and points of view that are not relatable to anyone outside of a four block radius of where Allen lives. They also share the same curious condition of being able to afford multi-million dollar Manhattan apartments that appear to have been designed by professional decorators regardless of their financial situation or what they do for a living.<br /><br />The only character who exists outside of this dull mindset is Will Ferrel as the obligatory Woody Allen surrogate. Although he does not simply come off as merely doing a Woody Allen impression (like Kenneth Branagh in the god-awful "Celebrity") Ferrel lacks the charm or charisma that the real Woody had when he was playing the part himself in his best movies.<br /><br />The end result is another in a string of self indulgent bores from a once-great filmmaker who has been trading in on his former reputation for years.
critique9499 Without question one of the most embarrassing productions of the 1970s GAOTS seems to really REALLY want to be something important. The tragic truth is that it's so entirely valueless on every level that one can't help but laugh. Reaching in desperation for the earthy elements of Ingmar Bergman's films it follows a city couple's day in the wilderness...they walk along a shady path allthewhile pontificating like a U.C. Berkeley coffee clatch. Almost every line of tarradiddle dialog delivered here is uproariously bad("I feel that life itself is made up of as many tiny compartments as this pomegranate....but is it as beautiful?") After what seems like an eternity of absolutely nothing happening(well...OK...we are treated to some nudity and a tepid soft sex scene) there is finally a VERY anticlimactic confrontation involving a pair 'Nam vets who are making the nature scene and performing some pretty harsh folk ballads with an acoustic guitar. <br /><br />Nothing at all eventful or interesting happens IN THIS ENTIRE FILM. I thought the Larry Buchanan picture "Strawberries Need Rain" was a weak example of a Bergman homage. "Golden Apples" is every bit as bad but the ceaseless random verbiage it presents makes it memorably awful. 1/10
critique9500 Worst movie (with the best reviews given it) I've ever seen. Over the top dialog acting and direction. more slasher flick than thriller.With all the great reviews this movie got I'm appalled that it turned out so silly. shame on you martin scorsese
critique9501 I'm glad some people liked this but I hated this film. It had a very good idea for a story line but that's where it ended. It was badly written badly acted and badly made.<br /><br /> It had some interesting plot points but they were just skipped over too fast the writers needed to realize what to keep in and expand on these bits like lying about why she was kidnapped and ditch the dross. Instead it was "what's going on?" 5 seconds later they tell you.<br /><br />This film had no suspense and I was bored from start to end. I just wanted it to finish.<br /><br /> Go and rent misery or best laid plans if you want suspense or twists that keep you guessing to the end.
critique9502 I read all these reviews on here about how this is a such a good movie. Jeez this movie was predictable and pretty boring. The acting was below average most of the time especially by Mckenna. I haven't seen a more pathetic attempt at making someone "badass" in a movie. Oh man this movie was a letdown. I also read somewhere this might be a cult classic. I know there are followers of the director but this movie was just a average piece of film.<br /><br />The script was lame for the most part the acting was lame this movie was lame.<br /><br />Oh and pray for the guy that used to be in Cheers. He looks really bad. <br /><br />The best actor in this movie was probably the guy in Office Space and he was only in this movie for about 8 minutes.<br /><br />4/10
critique9503 After watching this movie I have nothing but contempt for any of those who were involved in the making of this abysmal film. For one as a general comment the storyline was literally unbelievable and filled with incredible clichÃƒÂ©s all around. The same obviously goes for the dialogue which panders to the lowest common denominator and manages to offer absolutely zero unpredictable original lines. The acting was terrible as well with Kane showing throughout the entire movie at the very most 3 separate and distinct emotions. Even the use of modern special effects failed as each prop was easily distinguishable from its real life counterpart. Overall I would not recommend for anyone to even think about viewing this feature as it will most surely waste 83(not even 90!) minutes of your life.
critique9504 I happen to have bought one of those "Legacy of Horror" 50 movie pack collections and would you believe I'm still looking through them to find a good HORROR movie in it. Sometimes you find an enjoyable yet campy one like The Devil's Messenger or The Devil Bat or one of the great Alfred Hitchcock's films (some aren't horror however and are only on there because Hitchcock directed some horrors and suspense) but other times it seems that they put movies like The Island Monster and this on because they can't accept the fact they would easily be forgotten and should be for that matter.<br /><br />So we open up to sort of a Westing game idea. The rich yet cruel and abusive father played by Carradine (the one standing feature of this) has died and left his inheritance to his children and servants who he still hates. Carradine gives a good enough performance as always but he's left mainly in a voice recording and flashback sequences leaving us to sit through the mediocre/terrible performances. The rest of the cast either overacts or underacts in scenes. Given this was an independent film of the 70's the lighting and effects are pretty limited. It's hard to build a lot of tension when the viewer can't see what's happening that well in some scenes. Some actors like the servants Igor and Elga give an effort at least and I'm ashamed to admit kind of left me chuckling at the end mainly for the sheer stupidity but still with some very minor happiness that they pulled some version of a twist to an otherwise pretty obvious who-done-it but not enough to enhance the quality of the film. You aren't meant to like the characters as they are either selfish and cruel or psychotic but it takes it to a whole new level and makes many unwatchable. The death scenes are pretty bad and the suspense is not really there. It proves that you would probably enjoy the 20 movie pack "Chilling" containing films like House on a Haunted Hill Little Shop of horror's with Jack Nicholson and Night of the Living Dead over it. This is best avoided.
critique9505 Nicholas Walker is Paul the local town Reverand who's married to Martha (Ally Sheedy) but also is a habitual womanizer and decides to fake his own death to run away with his current affair Veronica (Dara Tomanovich). However in so doing he gets a bout of amnesia (hence the name of the film). Sally Kirkland is also on hand as a crazy old coot who pines for the good Reverand in a shades of "Misery" type of way. It's sad to see a pretty good cast wasted like this. Not the least bit John Savage in a horridly forgettable role as a shoddy private investigator. In a film billed as a 'black comedy' one has to bring BOTH elements into said movie. While this does bring the former in spades it sadly contains none of the latter. Furthermore you can't emphasize with any of the characters and as thus have absolutely no vested interest in them. Technically not an all-together bad movie just an extremely forgettable one.<br /><br />Eye Candy: Dara Tomanovich gets topless; Sally Kirkland also shows some skin <br /><br />My Grade: C- <br /><br />Where I saw it: Showtime Showcase
critique9506 I just watched this movie last night and I HAD to put a warning out for anybody else considering to see this film. In a word - don't. I seriously feel like this is something that a screenwriting student would have written in a Quentin Tarantino/Eddie Murphy phase i.e. every other word was a curse word. I don't have a problem with profuse cursing as in "Good Will Hunting" provided it helps to delve more into the characters. In this case it was just hollow banter with the attempt to draw an occassional *gasp* or laughter from the audience. The three lead characters are all their own unique stereotype the wall street jerk the coffee house jerk and the "I'm-Not-Gay-Just-In-Touch-With-My-Feminine-Side" slightly-less-of-a-jerk. You just don't give a damn about any of them! They are all shallow unredemable losers who you WANT to see lose. For those who dare this film does have a couple funny moments the very beginning and the very end. The toilet/vibrator scene is funny in a sick kinda "Uh yeah" way. Really though I would only recommend this film to my worst of enemies.
critique9507 Dull one-note characters with next to no development unimpressive performances by people who sound like they're simply reading lines and ludicrous special effects combine to make this a genuine stinker. The story begins with eminently bland commando Russo and his fellow soldiers attacking an Al-Qaeda training base. The scene tells us that Al-Qaeda has recently come to seek an ultimate weapon and also serves to illustrate Russo's only character trait a tendency to eschew teamwork. With the help of a collection of blank slates and walking stereotypes including a Russian spy Russo travels to Chechnyan territory to catch a mad scientist working for the terrorists. Along the way they encounter vast hordes of flesh-eating bats that fly in broad daylight for some reason. From there the movie becomes nothing more than a dragging morass of ridiculous action including a scene in which a swarm of bats slices a soldier's arm off!
critique9508 Originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. This involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little Southern town. They aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. What follows is rape torture beatings humiliation and degradation leading to a very disturbing conclusion.<br /><br />The TV version was (for its time) grim. No nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness wore one down. The unrated version is even worse--there's plentiful nudity the violence is extreme and in one particularly disgusting sequence we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard "uses" her. YUCK! There's nothing wrong with exploitation films but this one just goes over the brink. You get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these poor women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face like you're supposed to enjoy it. The needlessly downbeat ending doesn't help.<br /><br />I'm giving it a 3 because the acting is good--but that actually makes the movie harder to watch. A sick sleazy film. Not recommended.
critique9509 What can I say after I say the one line summary. Sandra does a credible job but what with the bad direction and story line it can't save it. Way too much pre occupation with guns. How can the Hollywood types rant about the need for gun control in our society and spend so much time and film footage focused on guns?? It's just worse than expected.
critique9510 This absurd movie was about a "Goodie-two-shoe" teen-girl that really wanted to be Valedictorian but finds her obstacle in a teacher name Mrs. Tingle. Katie Holmes who plays this "goodie-two-shoe" is faced with "the biggest dilemma of her teenage life" when this classmate guy of hers comes along with the final exams sample that should help them nail Mrs. Tingle's test. Mrs. Tingle comes along catches Holmes the classmate guy and her best friend with the sample of her final exam. Convinced that the three of them planned on cheating on here exam Mrs. Tingle enthuses on her opportunity to ruin Holmes once and for all with allegations that can take away any chance of Holmes passing her class. And the classmate guy who apparently has his eye on Holmes always wondered why she never gave him the time of day (he's an idiot)? Feeling desperate Holmes and her friends visit Mrs. Tingle in the middle of the night to try to dissuade her in believing that Holmes was planning to cheat. It all backs fire somehow when the classmate guy points a bow and arrow at Mrs. Tingle threatening her to make things right for Holmes. Mrs. Tingle fights back but ultimately ends up as Holmes and her friend's captive.<br /><br />During Mrs. Tingle captivity under Holmes they do everything from tying her up and gagging her in her own bed to blackmailing her with false pictures that they took of the unconscious Coach in bed with Mrs. Tingle. I found myself cringing when the kids were making themselves at home in Mrs. Tingle's house eating up her food and going though her private work. At one point Holmes found Mrs. Tingle's grade book and purposely changes the grade in her favor decreasing the grade of her challenge for valedictorian. The end played out like a childish attempt to bring back the comedy that was sparingly in the beginning of the film resolving on pure irony slapstick and absurdity.<br /><br />This has to be the most unlikable and wickedly evil character Holmes would ever play in her entire life. I wanted to help Mrs. Tingle get free to really dig a grave for Holmes. She was manipulative selfish and conniving. She even slept with the classmate guy despite her best friend's overwhelming interest in him...and she didn't like him. From attempting to ruin her challengers grades by seizing Mrs. Tingle's grade book to taking her best friend's man you would think that Holmes would get what she deserves in the end right? Unfortunately she obtains everything her heart desires showing that being wicked manipulative selfish and whining can get you what you want.<br /><br />Mrs. Tingle was suppose to be the character you didn't like. They didn't bring me to that point once to believe that she was this woman that needed to be "taught this lesson." She was like every other strict teacher who even gave valid reasons for her resentment of the next generation. Personally I felt that her opinions about young people were validated with Holmes and her friend's actions every time. I kept hoping she could get free to call the police and nail Holmes. They kept her tied up in bed ate up her food like a bunch of pigs drank up the woman's wine messed with her personal belongings and we're suppose to believe that she didn't deserve to take a bat to each of their heads? And the classmate guy has to be one of the most disliked characters in the history of film. Forget idiot we need a new word for him that isn't in the Webster's dictionary. He brought the major trouble into Holme's life then made things worse when he came into Mrs.Tingle's house uninvited behind Holmes and corners Mrs. Tingle with a bow and arrow. I was thrilled every time Mrs. Tingle had a chance to slap fire out of him or choke the wannabe actress best friend.<br /><br />If you're a teen out there and want to see when a teen's manipulation and wrong doing can get him or her the world see this unfunny caricature filled unintentional film noir.
critique9511 With the plethora of repetitive and derivative sitcoms jamming fall summer winter and spring line-ups it's nice to see a show that sets itself from the lot in more than one area. <br /><br />'Earl' takes an unusual approach. It's not about the "daily musings of an eccentric family" (zzzz..) nor about the other boring stuff you see everywhere in sitcoms. The show is about this small-time white trash thief (Earl) who scratches off a lottery card and scores big time. Right at that moment 'Karma' took it away from him. Overtime he learns that that unusual incident was probably because of all the bad things he's been doing so he sets off on a mission to right every wrong he ever did and he's got all his deeds on a paper.<br /><br />This is a brilliant premise for a sitcom. Thankfully it landed in the right hands. The execution of the show produces extremely satisfactory results: you get an innovative comedy that is genuinely funny and really touching at many times. You can't help but fall in love with Earl's sincerity and steadfastness Randy's simple mind good heart and observations on life Joy's wild flamboyant personality and Darnell's mellow chillin' demeanor that really endears him to you very easily.<br /><br />When you combine the show's innovation with its genuine humor good heart interesting characters and well-written dialogue you really have a keeper. With shows like this (and the incomparable "The Office") NBC is obviously on to something. Did they finally free a cubicle or two for quality assurance? Let's hope so. And let's hope for more quality shows like these will occupy the line-ups; shows that'll make both us TV viewers and NBC executives stop crying over the long gone days of NBC's golden days (Frasier Seinfeld Friends)
critique9512 I was expecting a B-Movie French musical. After all DhÃƒÂ©ry Blanche DeFunÃƒÂ¨s were superstars of low budget French films of that time. And it is in color! But I have hallucination in this unbelievable one hour 30 of pure mediocrity. Musical numbers are awful and comedy is absolutely boring and stupid. And the songs? What songs? This is just a succession of bad numbers one after another. The only one very rare thing about that thing is the nudity of women. It was not familiar at that time. In fact some numbers are just there to show us topless women. It adds to the mediocrity! And try to find young Michel Serrault the future great actor of French cinema in a bit part as a musician in his very first movie. Good luck!
critique9513 Aya! If you are looking for special effects that are 10-20 years before its time this is it. The glowing lightning bolts fireballs etc. look like they came from a cheesy 70's sci-fi flick. And yes Hercules really grows; he's not being pushed on a cart closer to the camera!
critique9514 I first watched this movie back in the mid/late 80's when I was a kid. We couldn't even get all the way through it. The dialog the acting everything about it was just beyond lame.<br /><br />Here are a few examples... imagine these spoken real dramatically way over-acted: "Oreegon? You're going to Oreegon? Why would anyone want to go to Oreegon?"<br /><br />"Survivalists? Nobody ever told us about any survivalists!"<br /><br />This movie was SO bad my sister and I rented it again for her 16th birthday party just so our friends could sit around and laugh at how awful it was. I don't think we were able to finish it then either!
critique9515 A missed train. A wrong phone number. An extra cup of coffee. What happens to those around you when you make a seemingly innocuous decision? Most people don't give it a thought as they absorbed in their own thoughts and actions.<br /><br />"Happenstance" tells the story of the interrelations and cause-and-effect of the mundane as it pertains to a group of normal Parisian folk. It has all the components of what passes for contemporary theater with the full cast of the dysfunctional and disillusioned.<br /><br />There's a cheating husband an illegal immigrant a classic slacker a pickpocket a crazy grandmother an annoying girlfriend a selfish roommate and a homeless man. Audrey Tautou serves as the erstwhile protagonist (in the sense that she's on camera as much as anyone else and opens and closes the film) and normal girl who just can't seem to find the right rhythm in her life.<br /><br />She learns at the beginning of her day from a stranger on a train what her horoscope holds for her. What happens to her in the course of the day is told through various characters. Does the prediction come true? The concept is good but the storytelling is flimsy. The connections from one event to the next are weak. There's better storytelling in 15 seconds of the Liberty Mutual insurance commercial where one person sees a good deed and passes it along to another than there is in two hours of Happenstance.<br /><br />If you enjoy Audrey Tautou then you certainly can sacrifice the time for this film but you'll finish it dissatisfied and wondering what this same storyline could be if it were handled by a better producer and director.
critique9516 In the mountains of Japan forlorn young artist Sessue Hayakawa (as Tatsu aka "The Dragon Painter") paints magnificent landscapes. He prays "Divinity" will restore his fiancÃƒÂ©e whom he believes was changed into a dragon 1000 years ago. Meanwhile in Tokyo an forlorn older painter Edward Peil (as Kano Indara) laments not having a son to carry on his family line of artists. When Mr. Peil sees Mr. Hayakawa's paintings he sees a painter worthy to become his "son and disciple." Hayakawa also falls in love with Peil's daughter Tsuru Aoki (Ume-Ko) believing she's the reincarnation of his long lost princess. But with his love fulfilled Hayakawa loses his ability to paintÃ‚Â… <br /><br />An introduction notes "'The Dragon Painter' was originally released in 1919 by the Haworth Pictures a Hollywood-based production company formed the previous year by Sessue Hayakawa a Japanese-born actor who enjoyed great popularity in the silent period. The film was ninth of twenty-two features produced by Haworth each of which was tailored to Hayakawa's talents and to his stock company of Japanese actors." Fortunately a print of this film was found in France and restored.<br /><br />The description "The Dragon Painter is a fantasy-allegory of love and creative inspiration that is lost when longing is fulfilled" is accurate. "With its production Hayakawa intended to provide a different view of Japanese culture to American audiences avoiding the stereotyping violence and melodramatic conflict expected in 'Oriental' films of the period." Hayakawa was successful in that part of his goal; although this film probably did not and will not appeal to most viewers and is not the best example of its intent.<br /><br />**** The Dragon Painter (9/28/19) William Worthington ~ Sessue Hayakawa Edward Peil Tsuru Aoki
critique9517 Some twenty or so years ago Charles Bukowski was a hero of mine. I blindly accepted the image that was created by intellectual types and seen in various films. Of course I never got to meet the intellectual types that prescribed Bukowski as a hero. They usually could be found safely behind the counter at hipster video stores and record shops. These people hardly talked and when asked a question usually sneered and nodded in some vague direction. They were useless when it came to locating a specific title but their shelves were always stocked with strange and unique titles. To be inducted in the secret hipster club I believed I had to shed my bourgeois up-bringing and espouse the counter-culture.<br /><br />My introduction to Bukowski started with the movie Barfly the late 80's film that starred Mickey Rourke and Faye Dunnaway. I was a fan of Rourke at the time. He also embodied a sort of modern male fantastical anti-hero a brooding intellectual type. At the time this appealed to me. Barfly's hero scoffed at convention. A mid-30's tramp who lives life with no ties answers to no one --Oh--and to be recognized as a genius by a hot female literary snob icing on the cake. Afterwards I read Post-Office and Hollywood the later being Bukowski's take on his experience with the film.Now allow me to fast-forward to the latest film based on Bukowski's book Factotum one which I read and enjoyed. Bukowski takes the form of Chinaski in this novel. I often wonder where Bukowski ended and Chinaski began. 20 years after Barfly the fictional movie Bukowski is still the same. I have watched about an hour of the movie and I have yet to see signs of the facade cracking. Here is why Factotum Bukowski was my hero. Chinaski is handsome (played by Matt Dillon). He has clean neat hair styled but not over the top. When Dillon smokes and writes he looks cool. Chinaski goes from job to job ignoring and/or fighting with various bosses. He screws two floozies one of whom he lives with walks out on only to return to with little repercussion. Chinaski is his own man and we never see him emote. He's a sterile one-dimensional 30 something James Dean archetype. Factotum lies to the viewer. It does so by haranguing the idea of a man (a writer) without consequence. A poor man who's suffering for his art. What could be cooler than that? Now let's say there are some truths to Factotum in that the events took place. What the audience is missing is the pain that shrouds Chinaski's existence. Maybe the point of this movie and most movies is that for 80 mins. we need to escape the world that's filled with consequence and pain and take-up vicariously with an anti-social womanizer that smokes talks drinks with detached coolness. One who rejects conventional behavior of job and family. My hero used to be Movie Bukowski. Long ago that would have worked. It was easier then. Now I have yet to claim a hero. Things are not as easy. Hipster logic and movie renditions of counter-culture icons offer no solutions or even ask questions.
critique9518 I read comments about this being the best Chinese movie ever. Perhaps if the only Chinese movies you've seen contained no dialogue long drawn-out far-away stares and silences and hack editing then you're spot on.<br /><br />Complicated story-line? Hardly. Try juvenile and amateurish. Exquisite moods and haunting memories? Hardly. Try flat-out boring and trite.<br /><br />This was awful. I could not wait for it to be over. Particularly when the best lines in the movie consist of "How are you? I'm fine. Are you sure? Yes." Wow! What depth of character. I guess the incessant cigarette smoking was supposed to speak for them.<br /><br />As a huge fan of many Chinese Japanese and Korean films I was totally disappointed in this. Even Zhang's sentimentally sappy "The Road Home" was better than this.
critique9519 Enormous suspension of disbelief is required where Will's "genius" is concerned. Not just in math--he is also very well read in economic history able to out-shrink several shrinks etc etc. No no no. I don't buy it. While they're at it they might as well have him wearing a big "S" on his chest flying faster than a jet plane and stopping bullets.<br /><br />Among other problems...real genius (shelving for the moment the problem of what it really is and whether it deserves such mindless homage) doesn't simply appear /ex nihilo/. It isn't ever so multi-faceted. And it is very rarely appreciated by contemporaries.<br /><br />Better to have made Will a basketball prodigy. Except that Damon's too short.
critique9520 So tell me - what serious boozer drinks Budweiser? How many suicidally-obsessed drinkers house a fully stocked and barely touched range of drinks in their lonely motel room that a millionaire playboy's bachelor-pad bar would be proud to boast? And what kind of an alcoholic tends to drink with the bottle held about 8 inches from his hungry mouth so that the contents generally spill all over his face? Not to mention wasting good whisky by dousing your girlfriend's tits with it just so the cinema audience can get a good eyeful of Elisabeth Shue's assets.<br /><br />Cage seems to be portraying the most attention-seeking look-at-me alcoholic ever to have graced the screen while Shue looks more like a Berkely preppy slumming it for a summer than some seasoned street-walker. She is humiliated and subjugated as often as possible in this revolting movie with beatings skin lacerations anal rape and graphic verbal abuse - all of it completely implausible and included apparently only to convey a sense of her horribly demeaned state and offer the male viewers an astonishingly clichÃƒÂ©d sentimental sexual fantasy of the 'tart-with-a-heart'.<br /><br />Still - I did watch it to the end by which time I was actually laughing out loud as Shue's tough street hooker chopped carrots in the kitchen wanly pathetically smiling while Cage - all eyes popping and shaking like like a man operating a road drill in an earthquake - grimaced and mugged his way through the final half-hour...
critique9521 Disappearance is set in the Mojave desert as Jim (Harry Hamlin) & Patty Henley (Susan Dey) plus their two kids Katie (Basia A'Hern) & Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) along with Ethan (Jamie Croft) a friend of the family are travelling along they stop at a roadside diner & ask about an old deserted mining town on the map called Weaver. No-one claims to have heard of it but it's definitely there & the family decide to take a detour in order to check it out & take some pictures. Once at the town they take some pictures & have a look around but when it comes time to leave their car won't start & they have to spend the night there. While looking around they find a camcorder videotape which they play only to discover footage of a scared woman saying all her friends have disappeared the next morning & their car has disappeared as things take a very sinister turn. What is Weaver's secret? Will the Henley's ever leave there alive...<br /><br />Written co-executive produced & directed by Walter Klenhard I have to say that Disappearance is one of the most frustrating films I have ever watched. For the first 85 minutes it was a pretty good mysterious mix of thriller & horror film but then we are treated to one of the single worst endings ever in motion picture history. The script suggest lots of different things but never elaborates or confirms & I was sitting there genuinely intrigued about what was going on from the families car mysterious disappearing the four recent graves the thing in the abandoned mines the supernatural sandstorm the sudden & unexplained disappearance of Ethan & his just as unexplained reappearance the Sheriff's sinister motives the compass in the car going crazy the crashed plane the townspeople denying Weaver existed & the possible side effects of a neutron bomb being dropped near Weaver in the 40's but they are all tossed out of the window & for all we know could have been totally separate random events. Everything was coming along nicely & was set up for a big twist revelation but none was forthcoming & instead I was treated to the most ambiguous strange surreal & downright frustrating ending possible. If nothing else the ending contradicts much of what has gone before & leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. It's almost as if the makers had these great ideas but then didn't know what to do with them & just made the ending up on the spot. I just felt I put so much effort into watching the film which can be pretty slow at times without any sort of reward & in fact the ending felt more like a kick in the teeth or a good two finger salute!<br /><br />Director Klenhard does a reasonable job here the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere & the large expansive desert locations give a good sense of isolation. It's well made but what were they thinking with that ending? Nothing fits nothing makes sense & it's just a huge frustrating mess that after sitting through the thing for nearly an hour & a half leaves you confused & wanting to know more. Despite being a horror film there's no blood or gore although there are one or two creepy moments here & there. The film actually reminds of The Hills Have Eyes (2006) remake for large parts as that is what the film is set-up to be before a bizarre ending which does nothing to bring any closure to the film.<br /><br />Technically the film is good with high production values good special effects sets locations & cinematography. Set in America but filmed in South Australia. The acting is fine from a decent cast.<br /><br />Disappearance is a really odd film for a long time it shapes up to be a neat little horror mystery thriller but it never explains anything which happens & the truly surreal ending just throws up more questions than answers. I really can't see anyone making head nor tail of this I really can't.
critique9522 SPOILER ALERT In this generic and forgettable action movie Lorenzo Lamas does his usual tough guy/pretty boy act and his future real life ex Kathleen Kinmont is ass kicking hot chick Alexa. OJ Simpson is a detective coasting by on his since vanished genial public persona. Translation: cable TV filler. There isn't enough skin to qualify this as a Guilty Pleasure.<br /><br />The script has some gaping holes. Best/Worst Moment: In one jarring scene OJ's partner expresses his aversion to the morgue. OJ responds that some of the bodies are pretty hot or words to that effect. This vague necrophilia reference is offensive enough; but in light of the murders committed shortly after this movie was released it is truly appalling and therefore entertaining in an unintentional horrible way. I was so startled that I laughed until champagne came out of my nose. Now THAT'S a Guilty Pleasure. BC
critique9523 I don't remember seeing another murder/mystery movie as bad as this. This movie about a medical examiner who investigates his friend's mysterious death in a car accident has the complete receipt for a bad movie: bad acting boring story lack of suspense poor humor and no drama. I remembered seeing this movie on PAX a TV station notable for dishing out low-budgeted and campy made-for-TV movies such as this one. TV movies of course do not have the edge factor or the suspense as movies from the Big Screen. But this movie sure hit all sour tastes. The makers of this movie have missed out on an opportunity to making "Receipe for Murder" a great TV movie; the title does offer some suspense.<br /><br />So if you want a good recipe don't watch this movie. This movie alone can kill your TV appetite.<br /><br />Grade F
critique9524 ...this one just isn't worth the cost of a movie ticket. What these filmmakers have done cannot properly be called filmmaking; rather they just chose sixteen students of some diversity (though not quite as much diversity as the reviews have suggested) and set them loose. The results are to be brutally frank far more often boring self-indulgent overwrought and off-puttingly grainy than truly insightful.<br /><br />There are of course moments of recognition and identification of the sort only possible in documentary film but overall there's not much more truth here than in "Bully" or for that matter a decent TV documentary of the same sort. Though full of talk about sex and sexual diversity and racism the film brings nothing to the table that will be of use to anyone who has thought about any of these issues with any seriousness. And while certain segments serve absolutely no purpose other than to inject a bit of (admittedly welcome) comic relief most often the five-minute limit keeps up from becoming emotionally involved with any of the students. An interesting idea but thumbs down for CHAIN CAMERA.
critique9525 the movie sucked it wasn't funny it wasn't exciting. they tried to make it so bad that it would be good but failed. and thinking it's cool to like this movie next to the hype are the only reasons that this movie is a success...<br /><br />the fact that at this moment 50% voted a 10 out of 10 for this movie seems pretty concerning to me either the movie going public is going insane or this vote is unrealistic which can have numerous causes and should be dealt with. anyway it is a less than average movie which bloomed through mouth to mouth advertising. It's success can only be described as a marketing marvel.
critique9526 I am a fifth grade language arts teacher and after we read this book (which the students loved) then we watched the movie. They laughed out loud! Unfortunately it's NOT a comedy! The acting was so awful I felt like I was watching a bunch of kids in the neighborhood putting on a play. My students were mimicking the lines and making fun off and on the whole way through. I have to agree with them at times it was pretty bad. Still I would show it to students again just for fun and to compare the film with the book. We did a Venn Diagram (teachers know what that is) afterward to show what was the same in both and what were the differences so there is an educational value in showing it. I noticed that another adaptation is being filmed for 2005 so we can only hope the acting will be better!
critique9527 Many King fans hate this because it departed from the book but film is a different medium and books should change when they make the jump. That notwithstanding the movie does fail completely but it fails entirely on film terms. I'd like to smack the people who tell me it's the scariest movie ever made. I always follow up with the question "Really... exactly what scene scared you?" Every fan I've asked goes silent. Occasionally someone at a loss for a decent scare (There are none...) names the "Grape-juice-shooting-out-of-elevators" shtick. If you're afraid of that I don't know what to tell you except maybe that you're easily scared. I just rolled my eyes watching these z-grade horror ideas play out in this schlocky incoherent movie.<br /><br />One place it diverts from the book and really is insipid is the tedious work the movie does to get Mr Halloran up to the Overlook only to kill him; with the dumbest member of the audience knowing that Jack is waiting behind one of the columns in the corridor that it takes Halloran FOREVER to walk down. Really one of the stupidest sequences ever put on film. <br /><br />Oh and nice choice for Mr. Halloran's artwork Stanley! Black light afro-nymphomaniacs really add to the mood and character development of a horror movie. Has there ever been a more "off" out-of-place shot in any movie ever made?<br /><br />I consider it a miracle that I was eventually able to bypass this turd and agree that Kubricks 2001 is a truly important film given the immense 'bad will' generated by both this stupid stupid movie and the cult of fawning but inarticulate Kubrick fan-boys who couldn't describe an idea at work in it with every film resource in the Library of Congress in front of them. <br /><br />Toss in the grotesque overacting of Jack Nicholson the introduction of dumb one-liners at tense moments and the Razzie nominated performance of Shelly Duvall and you have a very crappy movie.
critique9528 Compared to the recent gore flick HOSTEL which this movie reminded me a lot of-- I would say that See No Evil is slightly better but not by much. The very complex plot involves a handful of delinquents who are sent to clean up a rundown hotel for a shorter jail sentence. The kids soon end up being killed off by a lumbering religious psychopath who is cleansing them of their sins (I guess). The one thing I dreaded most prior to seeing this was the fact that it stared a WWE wrestler Kane. He ended up doing a decent job considering he only had 2 one-word lines in the movie. There are a couple fairly gory moments mainly involving eye-gouging and a quite memorable scene in which a girl gets a cellphone shoved down her throat-- probably the most effective demise in the movie.<br /><br />I can't say that this movie really shows us anything new and is definitely far from great. Can't recommend it.
critique9529 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning <br /><br />Ray (Ray Winstone) has a criminal past has had problems with alcohol and is now forming a drug habit that is making him paranoid and prone to domestic violence to his wife Valerie (Kathy Burke) who tries to hold the family together but ends up coming off more like a doormat. Meanwhile her mother Janet (Laila Morse) is aware of Ray's son Billy (Charlie Creed-Miles) and his escalating drug habit that is sending him off the rails. The film follows these despairable characters as they tredge along with their lives.<br /><br />It is said that the British seem to enjoy being miserable and that would include watching films that entertain them this way. Films like Nil by Mouth highlight this. It's a tale of a broken family torn apart by crime poverty booze and drugs the kind Jeremy Kyle would lap up like a three course meal. It is also essentially a tale of self destructive men three generations apart and each copying the other tearing a family apart and women trying to hold it together despite not being strong enough. If you pick up a little of what it's about from the off-set you can see it doesn't promise to be cheerful viewing from the start and it certainly doesn't disappoint in this.<br /><br />It's true what everyone said about the performances and the lead stars Winstone and Burke do deliver some great acting. We see Winstone lose it with his wife beating her senseless after some more coke induced paranoia breaking down during a phone conversation with her and unleashing a typical arsenal of f and c words when she refuses to let him see his kid. Likewise in a private moment we see Burke skillfully lose her composure on a staircase the full impact of the night before kicking in.<br /><br />This is another of those films where there's no 'plot' to follow as such just a real life feel of these hopeless lives carrying on from one day to the next. It's been acclaimed by many (including the Baftas!) but it really was just too grim and bleak for me. I have no right to criticize it for this knowing what I knew about it from the off-set but sadly this is how I found it. **
critique9530 This thing was bad. Really bad. I mean low budget can sometimes be very inspiring but not this. The story was so off-the-shelf the alien's behaviour so illogical the characters so clichÃƒÂ©ed. I found nothing good in it. And I did try.
critique9531 There's a lot the matter with Helen and none of it's good. Shelley Winters and Debbie Reynolds play mothers of a pair of Leopold & Loeb like killers who move from the mid-west to Hollywood to escape their past. Reynolds a starstruck Jean Harlow wannabe opens a dance studio for children and Winters is her piano player. Soon Winters (as Helen) begins to crack up. It's all very slow going and although there are moments of real creepiness (nasty phone calls a visit from wino Timothy Carey) the movie is devoid of any real horror. Nevertheless it's still worthy entertainment. The acting divas are fine and the production values are terrific. A music score by David Raskin cinematography by Lucien Ballard and Oscar-nominated costumes contribute mightily. With this A PLACE IN THE SUN and LOLITA to her credit does anyone do crazy as well as Winters? Directed by Curtis Harrington a master at this type of not quite A-movie exploitation. In addition to Carey the oddball supporting cast includes Dennis Weaver Agnes Moorehead (as a very Aimee Semple McPherson like evangelist) Yvette Vickers and MicheÃƒÂ¡l MacLiammÃƒÂ³ir (the Irish Orson Welles) as Hamilton Starr aptly nicknamed hammy.
critique9532 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9533 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9534 I had been looking forward to seeing Dreamgirls for quite a while...what with all it's raving reviews nominations and media attention. And I must say the first quarter of the movie was good! It really portrayed the black music scene back then. However as the movie wore on me and my whole family were bored out of our wits. The singing just kept coming one after the other. I mean seriously just one more music number and it would have broke even with RENT.<br /><br />Furthermore I noticed hardly any character development in any of the characters; I just didn't care what happened to them! Even when Eddie Murphy's character died of a drug overdose I knew I should have been sad but I just couldn't feel any emotion for that character. The characters were given a flimsy background about singing in their childhood and whatnot but there personalities were not revealed enough to draw me in.<br /><br />Finally the conflict was simply not significant enough to make the viewer care which goes along with the lack of character development. This movie reminded me of a copy-cat movie based on Ray Chicago and Rent (Ray and Chicago were wonderful movies in my opinion). Overall I think this movie would best suit someone who doesn't really care about an overall story yet would enjoy two hours of entertaining and fun singing performances.
critique9535 D.O.A. is a non-thrilling thriller from directors Rocky Morton and Annabel<br /><br />Jankel. The acting is okay and the screenplay is pretty bad. This movie also has some moments which will make you laugh at how stupid the scenes of violence<br /><br />are. For example someone is shot near a window. We then see from outside<br /><br />the building what looks like that person jumped. I laughed my head off when this happened. This movie tries hard but ultimately fails. Only watch this movie<br /><br />when you have no other choice.<br /><br />My Critique: **<br /><br />Rating: R<br /><br />Rating Reasons: Violence and language.*<br /><br />*There was no rating reason available due to its age.
critique9536 I thought Godzilla 2000 was the worst movie ever until I saw this monstrosity. My friends and I went to our local blockbuster and spent about an hour and a half looking for a movie. We could not find one since we have seen almost every movie created. We decided to look in the low budget horror section. We looked for the most attractive cover featuring scantily clad women. We finally decided on Last Slumber Party THE. Whoops we made a mistake. It seems as though this movie was filmed with the cheapest camera that could be found in K-Mart. The actors were picked up at a Salvation Army and as for Steven Tyler. We will just leave that to the imagination. The plot of this movie was ridiculous. SPOILER ALERT While watching the movie there is absolutely no closure at all. Then come to find out all the events were just a dream. This movie should also have been about 30 minutes. If all the camera zooms on still shots and scans of walls were taken out it would have been much shorter. All I can say is I'm glad there wasnt a sequel.
critique9537 This is the worst movie that I have ever seen. At first i thought that it was going to be good because I'm interested in the bermuda triangle but instead it was terrible. All it did was offer a bunch of lame explinations that didn't make sense (if time moves differently there how come the woman didn't age and her son aged rapidly) and have a horrible sappy ending. Next time the guys who made this go to Bermuda they should take all copies of this movie with them. Please everyone vote for this movie so it can get on the worst movie list.
critique9538 This film is awful. The CGI is the very cheap gray blob CGI. The crocodile looks like a large gray smudge. The worst is that no effort at all is given to making it walk or look like it is alive. It is mostly a photo-shopped CGI that is placed into scenes and you almost expect to see the hand that is moving the CGI smudge across the screen. This is one of the worst examples of CGI effects that I have ever witnessed and I have seen lots of the very bad Sci-Fi Channel movies.<br /><br />Aside from the terrible lack of special effects the cast is composed of the typical low-cost actors who probably work as Waiters/Waitresses at local diners while they wait for their Big Breaks. Perhaps the most ridiculous scene in this movie is when one of the bad guys is attempting to sexually assault Kate and the giant crocodile jumps straight up out of the water to the second floor of the Villains Headquarters and through the balcony and pulls the bad guy off Kate and instead of crashing straight down through the building (and crushing Kate) the Croc just flies backwards at the same angle into the water. No laws of Physics can apply to this movie or the special effects. At least there is honor among crocodiles.
critique9539 Do you guys wanna know a secret?. This movie sucks. Well actually i don't know because if you allow yourself to be indulged by plagiarised versions of original movies then perhaps you may find this movie astounding (this movie being a plagiarised copy of i know what you did last summer). The first 30 minutes of the movie is based on a typical story setting; a bunch of so-called cool teenagers relishing their vacation in Florida and being themselves by behaving very much like the juveniles they are. The only insight we get at this point is the extent to which the director succeeded in illustrating a pretentious sense of adolescent decadence within the characters. The second half hour of the movie gains a little momentum and begins to illustrate a start to the no- where-near unprecedented killings. The third half hour of the movie will most definitely remain a mystery to me because i switched it off before i could further delude myself into thinking that the movie may still have something interesting and original left to show. As far as the story is concerned it can easily be explained in a few lines. A bunch of teenagers go to Florida on vacation. While they are busy partying they slowly (and i mean SLOWLY) begin to get killed because they know some sort of silly secret. The only thread to the killings is that all victims were matriculates of a common high school. One thing that did however amaze me about this movie was how much betty (im not sure about her name..the blonde character) looks like reese witherspoon. Another thing that amazed me about the movie was that it made me jump from my seat a few times. Does that make it a work of art? absolutely not because my 12 year old niece made me drop a glass of orange juice because she "boo'ed" me when i was just about to go through the guest room door..whats the difference between the director and my 12 year old niece???? <br /><br />Do you wanna know a secret??? I'm not sure about you guys but i don't..
critique9540 Crazy Six is torture it must be Albert PyunÃ‚Â´s worst film. Even Blast and Ticker are better! I canÃ‚Â´t believe how boring this film is! How this even got greenlighted? I saw this movie about 3 years ago and the only thing I remember is how bad it was. This isnÃ‚Â´t good bad movie it is simply bad bad bad bad bad movie.<br /><br />1 out of 10 (Ã‚Â½ out of *****)
critique9541 EVAN ALMIGHTY (2007) ** Steve Carell Morgan Freeman Lauren Graham Johnny Simmons Graham Phillips Jimmy Bennett John Goodman Wanda Sykes John Michael Higgins Jonah Hill Molly Shannon Ed Helms (Cameo: Jon Stewart as himself) Strained 'sequel' to "BRUCE ALMIGHTY" with Carell's jerk anchorman Evan Baxter leaving TV to begin his stint as a freshman Congressional rep has his hands full when God (Freeman reprising his holy role; Jim Carrey wisely avoided the 'calling') demands he build an ark like Noah and the hilarity ensues (or should have). The Godforsaken sitcom-y script by Steve Oedekerk Joel Cohen & Alec Sokolow is absolutely lame and only Carell's amiable persona transcends his vain Evan into something resembling a human being. The end result is a lot of bird poop gags and overall bloat (reportedly costing $175 M for the CGI F/X). Sykes steals the show as Evan's sarcastic assistant. Sacrilegiously unfunny. (Dir: Tom Shadyac)
critique9542 I had several problems with the movie: <br /><br />(1) The screenplay -- specifically Kim Basinger's voice over: Movies are not books; they should *show* the action rather than have a voice over *tell* us what's happening. Occasionally I find a movie with a voice over that works but here it seemed more of a lazy way of writing the script. In fact it sounded to me as if she was practically reading excerpts from the novel in her voice over.<br /><br />(2) I felt no emotion in the relationship between Jessie and Brother Thomas and also felt that Alex Carter's acting was pretty bad. That's a significant failure for me in defining Jessie's and Thomas' characters -- with no connection between them it seemed to me as if she just wanted a stud and that for him it was a matter of being sex-deprived. If it had been properly done the relationship between them would have given much more context to the story.<br /><br />(3) With the book I understood Jessie's mid-life crisis. In the movie it seemed more like just plain boredom.<br /><br />On the plus side I didn't think the movie was so bad as for me to turn off the TV . . . though that thought did occur to me.
critique9543 If you are looking for a cinematic masterpiece this ain't it. If you are looking for one of those awful movies that are so horrible that they are actually good then this may be for you. There are so many unintentional laughs in this film that it could almost be considered a comedy. Let's start with the opening titles that say "Jack-O" and then add the word "Lantern" as if the viewer wasn't able to figure out the movie was about a pumpkin by the giant pumpkin shown on both the cover and in the opening scene of the movie. After that the movie goes in about 20 different directions none of which make much sense. Jack-o is everywhere he's in people's houses in the woods and yet he doesn't ever seem to do much of anything. He does make a few kills but the long buildup to those killings is so poorly acted and constructed you almost wish Jack-o would take out his rage on you the viewer. Other than that the plot consists of poor acting gratuitous nudity and a ridiculous plot line. The acting in this film is among the worst I've ever seen in my 35 plus years of movie-watching. The boy who is the lead in the film (the director's son) has about as much emotion as a corpse and just about all of the other actors/actresses are just as bad for numerous reasons (especially the bug-eyed lady with eyes bigger than saucers). But having said all this if you take this for what it is (that is a steaming pile of dung) then you will get a few laughs from this movie. What I also found amusing is that the makers of the DVD saw fit to release a "10th Anniversary Version" of this movie (as if the original wasn't good enough). And someone actually had the idea of making a "behind the scenes" mini film which is also included in the 10th anniversary edition (I'm not sure why).......I'll give this 3 smashed pumpkins out of 10...
critique9544 Even worse then the incredibly boring "the Exorcism of Emily Rose". It started off decently and right up until the mom said to the dad "See I knew she was possessed" in an I told you so voice. It was a terrible line spoken badly and it foreshadowed the rapid demise of this amazingly bad movie. Every family member has an issue from the past with the priest. The dad starts to accuse everyone of either liking his wife or actually having an affair with her culminating with him killing his buddy then himself in the obvious instant lucidity after he realizes his friend hadn't slept with his wife after all. People are dying others are coming under possession and by this point most viewers don't even care anymore. Except for their employee Miguel none of the characters in this movie was actually likable making it hard to care about any of them. The acting was terrible and the writing even worse. Glad I saw it for free; although I feel that for a movie this bad someone owes me money for the time I lost.
critique9545 I'll keep the review of this program as short as possible. Skip it. Low budget not funny lousy script. Acting not quite as bad as the writing but still bad. That's all you need to know but I will continue for the sake of writing more than necessary.<br /><br />This is a film with three segments each one parodying some other type of movie. A MUCH funnier film with this same exact idea is "Movie Movie" with George C. Scott. Very obscure but worth searching out. MM parodied films of the 1930's and did it with elegance precision and dry wit.<br /><br />This movie did not. It parodies three types of films supposedly from the late 70's early 80's era only it is parodying films I've (almost) never heard of. The first is I guess a parody of "Kramer Vs. Kramer" in a way. Peter Reigert does his best with a dirt poor script. The second is a parody of I don't know what...a Danielle Steele novel? I mean you might see a story like this on Lifetime TV but in a movie theater? I mean I remember the 70's I was there. This is a soap-opera type parody about a fetching young woman who sleeps her way to power. These type of things usually parody themselves so I don't see how this was even necessary.<br /><br />We are on somewhat easier ground with the third segment "The Municipalians" which parodies cop movies. I noted elements of "The New Centurians" and some "Dirty Harry" both of which were almost 10 years old when the film was created. Yeah nice and current. Robby Benson plays the idealistic young rookie (over-the-top wimpy) while Richard Widmark plays the grizzled veteran cop who drinks whiskey while sitting in the police car (OH! Stop! My sides! He's actually drinking booze in the Police car! How irreverent!) Note that this was the first film after "Animal House" to have the "National Lampoon" name attached. Wow. To go in five years from that classic flick to this pile of dung is nothing short of shocking. I could go on for hours about the sad decline that caused one of the most cutting-edge and original voices in American humor (that would be National Lampoon the original magazine for about its first 10 years or so) to sell out and begin a long slow slide into a world of crap where now the magazine is long gone and it only exists as a brand name to slap on low-budget "comedy" films for a fee. Yet another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) sucks so bad.<br /><br />Anyway this movie is a serious time suck. Don't waste your 90 minutes. I want mine back. On the positive side Fred Willard's in it!
critique9546 I remember reading all the horrible horrible reviews for this film when it came out. I meant to go see how horrible it was but it was out of theaters in three weeks. The only other movie to manage that is Gigli. <br /><br />When the movie came out on DVD I bought it to see how awful it was. I couldn't think of the sheer horrible attention that this film was getting was possible. After seeing it I can understand. <br /><br />First off let me say that this film is not without some cool shots. There's a nice shot at the beginning that shows a bullet being fired from inside the gun which I thought was neat. And the way the monsters in this movie die is sort of cool to look at; but it gets old after the first time you see it. <br /><br />Let me start with the worst thing in this movie: Tara Reid. If bad acting was a sin then Hell would've chucked Tara Reid right out since she's so unbelievably awful in this movie it's unthinkable. And of all the roles she plays a curator. Now if she played a dumb empty- headed sex toy then maybe I might be able to forgive her for how she treats her character. Apparently Uwe Boll didn't realize that although he did seem to think that if she took off her shirt in the movie people would see it. He just didn't realize that making her do that in the middle of the film at the absolute wrong moment just made the movie even more hilariously bad. And is that a Mexican song or something during the scene of dry humping? I couldn't tell. <br /><br />Which brings me to my next complaint: Uwe Boll shows off some of the worst directing skills you'll ever see in a movie. I mean I'd give House of the Dead an F (and I only do that for very few movies) but HotD would score at least a B compared to this screwed up piece of junk. The movie starts off with a very very long narration that causes immediate confusion (and read by a horrible narrator) and from there the cuts are really really dumb. There's this one point where Slater and Reid are looking around a building that's been destroyed and the screen blackens out. When it comes back Slater and Reid are shooting everywhere and suddenly an entire army has joined them. Huh? <br /><br />And someone did NOT bother checking the mistakes in this movie. At one point a team breaks through glass but the glass breaks before they touch it. Tara Reid's earrings switch colors in the middle of one scene and after Slater walks away from a dead comrade you can see her begin to get up. <br /><br />As for the story... I was really lost. Something about an old tribe releasing darkness and someone "opens the path" or something and all the evil monsters pop out. It's just an excuse to have a lot of gun scenes (the technology is so advanced here that no character ever needs to reload in this film) that get quite simply BORING. <br /><br />I bought this movie hoping to laugh at how incredibly stupid it was. I didn't laugh but I still think it's stupid. Very very very stupid.
critique9547 This is the kind of film one watches in gape-jawed horrified silence and yet continues to watch mesmerized as if watching a train wreck in slow motion. And yet in the back of your mind thoughts are churning: "Who on EARTH green-lighted this garbage?"<br /><br />Some of the preceding user comments say things like "A good way to introduce children to Laurel and Hardy" -- an insult to children everywhere. That children would need some sort of training plan to learn to love slapstick comedy shows a profound misunderstanding of the nature of children the world over. Others have commented on the faithfulness of the two stars' characterizations of Laurel and Hardy to which I would respond: so WHAT? One would think that the rash of movie BOMBS based on beloved series (Rocky and Bullwinkle Avengers Flipper Mod Squad ad nauseam) would have taught Hollywood that there are some things that simply can't be recreated. The films of Laurel and Hardy are readily available on video: why bother with this?<br /><br />As for F. Murray Abraham a fine actor of stage and screen... well all I can say is he must have been in trouble with the IRS.<br /><br />Run don't walk away from the television if this trash comes on!
critique9548 It is hard to believe that anyone could take such a great book and and make such a terrible movie.<br /><br />Imagine King Kong being recast as an organ grinder's monkey and Fay Wray's part being played by a young boy. How about Elton John as Rambo!!!!.This movie is even worse than the TV remake of The Night of the Hunter.<br /><br />By using the title Watchers and Dean Koontz's name the makers of this movie should be sued for fraud by readers of the book who expected a reasonably accurate adaptation of the book.<br /><br />Read the book I have never talked to anyone who didn't like it. Another good book is The Winner by David Baldachi.
critique9549 I had to endure teen-aged high school angst and family conflict for almost all of the show. I really do not care about high-school girls fretting about their relationships. I've spent my time in Hell dealing with such issues and I care nothing about fictional teenies going through "lite" versions of the horrors I endured. I want science fiction. That's the only reason I'm here. There were a few seconds of science fiction late in the show. We FINALLY see a proto-Cylon. It was good but with one problem. Its red eye-dot would lock onto an object of interest. We all know that Cylon eyedots always scan back and forth giving the machine a map of the world. The red eye-dot does not ever stop moving back and forth.<br /><br />I really hope the writers fix this abuse before the second episode.
critique9550 This is one of the rare movies that I did not immediately discuss with my friends after watching it. This wasn't because it had particularly entranced or impressed me. The contrary it had given me nothing at all.<br /><br />Why? Because somehow everything was so much overdone that I couldn't take this film seriously anymore. There was so much sex and violence that I got the strong impression that the film was trying very very hard to be offensive as if it was aiming at superlatives in ugliness rather than in telling a convincing tale about two women caught in a spiral of crime.<br /><br />Baise-moi had been described as "Thelma & Louise with actual sex" to me. Well it is true that the main idea is similar. There are two women traveling through the country because they've committed crimes and know that their lives are finished now that the police are going to catch them and they decide that now that everything's over anyway there is no way to hold back.<br /><br />Baise-moi had been described as a feminist film where women who had suffered from male dominance in the past exact revenge upon the men that they encounter.<br /><br />This is something that I had never interpreted into this film simply because none of these women had ever been innocent and because they do not just kill irresponsible violent men but also men that they seduce themselves men that show the sense of wanting to do protected sex. And they kill women. No they are in no way better than the characters that they encounter and murder in hideous brutal ways.<br /><br />How easily the "heroines" decide to murder and how much pleasure they take in it made it absolutely impossible for me to relate to them in any way or even take them seriously. It was just all too much. Too much sex too much violence. I got the feeling that sex and violence were only there in order to create a superlative in ugliness rather than in conveying a story or making a point.<br /><br />Baise-moi left me with no impression hadn't set me thinking because it was so far removed from any real world. So constructed unrealistic and over the top.<br /><br />There was nothing that I could do with this film there was simply nothing about it to think about other than "Why did they make this terrible film?" Had the intense unpleasantness going on in this film served a purpose I'd easily accepted it. But since I found nothing since the film's story appeared to be not more than an excuse to squeeze as much and as ugly sex as possible into one film... I filed it away under "unnecessary torture" decided to never ever EVER watch this film again and I now consider this to be the worst film I've ever seen. <br /><br />Worst not just because it really isn't my cup of tea to watch people get raped rape have sex in other forms and kill one another... but because whatever it was that the makers wanted to tell the world with their film... if they wanted to say anything at all... it just didn't work. And there's nothing else that could save this film because it's also filmed in such an ugly style.
critique9551 This movie kinda let me down. It seemed a lot like the movie Jaws when the Hopper was telling the Mayor to close parks was like when Roy Shider was telling the Mayor to close the beaches. They both said no way its summer! But the box says Hopper has to get into the mind of a killer and think like one. But he really doesn't do anything too interesting or exciting. I'm not even a little convinced he and his partner have any experience doing police work when they are in the office wondering how they are gonna solve this case. They just say lets do police work and we'll solve it. And whats up with all the old men with pool cues. I didn't even begin to believe that they were mob bosses. And then the guy who was doubting the guy the mob picked to handle finding the killer. With his hundred dollar haircut and that he thinks his Di@k is the size of a schoolbus. Come on what cruddy lines. I thought he was gonna hit him with a baseball bat like in the other movies. I got this movie used and wouldn't buy it new. I suggest you skip this movie. Oh and it was funny seeing the microphone above the scene where hopper is going out to get coffee.
critique9552 Here is one of those movies spoiled by the studio's insistence on a happy ending. Conflicts which have stretched out for years are settled in a few minutes. It would have been far more interesting to inject a tone of ambiguity. The talented Barbara Stanwyck is undone by a sudden metamorphosis from independent and assertive woman to a compliant female of the kind she has put down all her life. Brent as usual is well over his head and then there is the ludicrous situation of Gig Young playing a character named Gig Young. Someone mentions "Gig Young" and then who appears but Gig Young the actor! Worth seeing though far below what it could have been.
critique9553 What a horrible horrible film. The worst collection of cliches I have seen in a long time. Not that I saw much. I left the theatre screaming after about 40 minutes in search of a stiff drink to soothe my nerves. Meryl Streep was awful as usual. How many hurt and tortured expressions can 1 person have? Aidan Quinn's talents were - as so often - totally wasted. And who told Gloria Estefan she could act? Trying to be polically correct this movie still enforces racial stereotypes. (Brave inexperienced lonely music teacher teaches underprivilegded kids violin in poor neighbourhood school). The kids weren't even cute! Just written in to suit the appalling script. Aaargh! Wes Craven really made me cringe for once. real horror this one!
critique9554 While I totally disagree with one reviewer who described Charley Chase as unfunny in this film he certainly is. It's a shame as I suspect the other reviewer must have only seen a few Charley Chase duds and assumed the guy wasn't funny. Films like MIGHTY LIKE A MOOSE and WHAT PRICE GOOFY? are very good Chase films so he COULD be really funny given good material. Unfortunately in this film he's given absolutely nothing. Even the inclusion of the usually good Oliver Hardy as a foil isn't any help because the basic premise (boy wants to marry girl but girl's father thinks the boy is a wuss) and the gags are so poor. It's a shame as I really wanted to love this film but couldn't.<br /><br />By the way for those used to the look for Charley from the mid-1920s on you'll be pretty surprised as Chase sports no glasses or mustache--and looks very little like you'd expect.
critique9555 I'm starting to wonder if all these PG-13 horror movies are just glorified screen tests for young and emerging talent. Get a first-time screenwriter an inexperienced director a few TV actors looking for their bigscreen break and see what they can do. 'When a Stranger Calls' is a little better than most such recent offerings but is still completely by-the-book; riddled with plot holes and genre clichÃƒÂ©s.<br /><br />The story is unbelievably simplistic. The slim 87 minute running time is heavily padded with inconsequential friends and a pointless cheating boyfriend. The killer is devoid of even the token motivation of Jason or Michael or even the original movie's killer and as a result is never particularly frightening. The police behave in such an unbelievably ineffectual and lazy manner as to verge on professional misconduct. Simon West brings the same attractive banality to proceedings that he managed with Lara Croft but his style of directing is decidedly generic possessing no indicators of real talent or vision. The performances are routine dark hallways replace genuine horror and the scares are of the tired cat-in-the-closet variety.<br /><br />The cinematography and production design however are above average for this kind of film. The house is beautifully designed all dark wood and glassy reflections and there are a few moments that are of visual interest.<br /><br />Though lacking an ounce of dramatic originality it acts as a reasonably satisfying 'dark house' thriller and maintains interest longer than most of its ilk.
critique9556 The shame of it! There I was comfortable in the arm chair with a beer and a bag of popcorn bouyant in the hope of another splendid Muppet night of entertainment. What did I get? Disappointed! How can the Muppets go from the sublime Christmas Carol to this? The humour was dreadful the songs were worse than Country and Western (and that's saying something) and the plot was as confused and poor as Blind Pew. I think the main problem was that they bit off too much in attempting Treasure Island. A short tale such as Christmas Carol is perfect because you can weave the Muppet high jinks around it....here the need to drag the plot along stopped all the fun. Where do the Muppets go next? How about Muppets Wizard of Oz?
critique9557 What is happening to ITV Drama. First "Losing Gemma" quite simply the worst TV drama I have seen in years and now "Perfect Parents" a complete shambles from start to finish. Whoever is responsible for commissioning this drivel should be receiving there P45 by special delivery.<br /><br />In most Drama/Thrillers a requirement to suspend certain levels of belief is necessary so that the the plot line can develop but "Perfect Parents" took this to a new levelI suspended so much belief by the end of this nonsense I felt I had been force fed on a lorry load of "Magic mushrooms" it was like the scriptwriters had decided to try and create a "Drama by numbers" involving some serious issues - Religion EducationGreedFearMurderPaedophillia the only trouble was as The great Eric Morecambe once said when playing a piano "I'm playing all the right Notes just not necessarily in the correct order". For your next Script guys I suggest you try reading a few more books on script development than "Script writing For Dummies".<br /><br />Due to the ridiculous Script and the utter lack of Tension in the Direction the acting was suitably low key not the fault of the actors as the cast was top notch. But I suggest that all of the actors involved in this sorry piece of drama should instruct their agents the next time the Postman attempts to deliver a script from ITV drama Department make sure the letterbox is firmly nailed shut!!
critique9558 If you want to see a movie that terribly mixes up one Latin country with any other Latin country "The Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. PerÃƒÂº not even in its most violent times has not shown polices or soldiers as much as in this film. This showed a country like El Salvador when Civil War. Since I'm a Peruvian who lives in Lima (the capital of PerÃƒÂº) it was too funny to me seeing the police guards here there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in PerÃƒÂº and you want (or need) to be a taxi driver just post a sticker with the word "Taxi" on the front glass of your car and you can drive freely in Peruvian streets (there are taxi companies but their rates are quite expensive). No need of yellow or a black/white squared band on the doors of your car. Well taxis in this film have that band somethin that you will never see in PerÃƒÂº. 3. Peruvian people are not Caribbean styled clothing. For example when a taxi driver comes out he was wearing a "Guayabera" (Cuban shirt) a white hat and 40's mustaches like Clark Gable. Not one Peruvian man looks like that please! PerÃƒÂº is not the Caribbeans! 4. A scene shows a woman on a street with a quite long skirt like the typical folklore dresses in Latin America. Take a walk anywhere in PerÃƒÂº and you'll never find a woman wearing like that unless you are watching a typical dance. 5. Cast could've been better: I can not deny HÃƒÂ©ctor Elizondo is a great actor but he's not a Latin actor (his father was Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico but he was born in New York) and his Spanish is not fluent. It's notorious Spanish is not his first language. There are dozens of very good Latin actors who could've performed as Cardinal SebastiÃƒÂ¡n. Petrus Antonius (General RodrÃƒÂ­guez) was also a bad choice for a "Latin Police officer". It was so funny seeing Elizondo and Petronius in General RodrÃƒÂ­guez's office. They looked like two English or American students in a Spanish class making their best effort in order to pronounce Spanish. Unsuccessfully of course. Castulo Guerra was better in his Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer who announced Cardinal SebastiÃƒÂ¡n spoke a quite funny Spanish too. There are very good Peruvian actors like Augusto Alvarez-CalderÃƒÂ³n and Christian Meier (just to mention two out of many Peruvian actors) who could've performed with excellence. 6. I admit that a fictional movie can let itself a license inventing cities or even countries. But please when creating a name be careful when using a foreign language: The town portrayed in this movie should've been called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a male name and Viciente has never been used. 7. I disagree one user who says that this movie was filmed on locations in PerÃƒÂº. Not one location is Peruvian although the production has used in excess posters showing "Inca Kola" the Peruvian soda. As not few American films this one must have used any Latin country. After all for American producers or directors a Latin place is identical to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes when John (Matthew Settle) flies to PerÃƒÂº he's supposed to arrive to the only one international airport in PerÃƒÂº: Jorge ChÃƒÂ¡vez Airport (in Lima the capital). Actually believe me it must be any airport in the world but Peruvian airport. And of course in Peruvian airports there are no military or police guards. 9. When this John takes a room in a Peruvian hotel this one has a fan and obviously has no air conditioner. Please this doesn't happen in no hotel in PerÃƒÂº(and other Latin countries) unless you get a 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels who fight against the government are... Ã‚Â¡Colombians! Their accent was with no doubt from Colombia. For casting them the producers should've hired Peruvian actors. In few words it would've been cheaper filming in PerÃƒÂº.<br /><br />I could go on with more examples out of this film that led me to give it a "1" (awful) vote but I fell asleep after about 20 minutes from its beginning. But dear producers: It's not a tragedy: There are many worse movies with not few mistakes. Just let's remember "Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the Crystal skull" and indescribable Disney's "The Emperor's new groove". The list of bad films could be endless...
critique9559 Why oh why do people take good material and feel the need to change it some how? Having read the book on which this film is allegedly based a couple of years ago I can say that there is little if anything from the original book. I went into this film with low expectations - i knew it would have a crappy telemovie feel to it - but it even failed to meet these.<br /><br />This is not a prequel - the only relationship it has with the original is the name. This is not the story of Carlito Brigante it is the story of a totally different character who's been given the same name. They have just totally spat in the face of every Carlito's Way fan out there; adding insult to injury by casting Luis Guzman who plays a crucial character in the original movie in a different role.<br /><br />What's most disappointing is that now that this film has been made no other film will be made addressing the original untouched material of the book Carlito's Way - something I really would have liked to have seen. I felt the same way about Chopper - they have four books as well as interviews worth of fantastic non-fictional material and could have made a brilliant biography of Australia's most feared underworld figure instead they made a ho-hum film about a deranged but strangely pathetic small time crook (though Eric Bana's performance was spot-on). Now we will never get to see Carlito's real initial rise and fall.<br /><br />The three stars is because looking at it purely as a stand-alone flick it is not so appalling - there are some decent performances (Jay Hernandez is no Carlito but he could be good in other roles) and the story is not too bad. Even Puffy Combs suits his role. But they totally misunderstand the nature of the underworld at that time (I am a bit of a crime-non-fiction buff)- something which the original film and the books got right (having been written by then attorney and now judge Edwin Torres).<br /><br />The fact is though it's not a stand alone - it's perhaps the most disappointing prequel ever filmed.
critique9560 Dull flatly-directed "comedy" has zero laughs and wastes a great cast. Alan Alda wore too many hats on this one and it shows. Newcomer Anthony LaPaglia provides the only spark of life in this tedium but it's not enough.<br /><br />One of those scripts that if you were a neophyte and submitted it to an agent or producer would be ripped to shreds and rejected without discussion.
critique9561 I'm easily entertained. I enjoyed "Hot Shots" and "The Naked Gun" and their many sequels even when most people found them unbearable. I've even managed to enjoy most Pauly Shore movies. There is only one movie that I've seen that I can honestly say was bad...and this was it. It's been a while since I've seen it but I do remember sitting in the theater thinking "This is a dumb movie. Why did I see this?" It's honestly the only movie that I cannot recommend.
critique9562 Officially the first martial arts movie in USSR cinematography featuring actual martial artists like Tadeush Kas'yanov and Russian Bruce Lee - Talgat Nigmatullin. Bad people highjack a ship in the high seas but fortunately just about everybody on board is a trained martial artist. A collectible for martial arts aficionado.
critique9563 I must agree with the very first comment: this movie sucks very very hard. Despite having a very big B-list cast the cover of this film (for those who aren't watching it on Comedy Central during a weekday which is probably the only exposure this film will ever get) tries to put the blame on Dangerfield but in reality is just a paycheck for every has-been comedian from the '80s. Randy Quaid? Check. Ed Begley Jr? Check. The voice of Lisa Simpson? She can now say that Maximum Overdrive wasn't her only horrible flick: double check. And so many many others.<br /><br />The saddest thing about this flick is that it was so lazily written with already-told jokes. Nothing about this movie outside of its existence is funny. You're better off watching paint dry. This is definitely direct-to-video scraping-the-bottom-of-the-barrel stuff that still believes in the old video adage: throw an old-time star on the cover and you'll get some money back off of the rental. Considering the days of video rental are changing consider this one of the last examples of putting out garbage.<br /><br />The only use this movie has if you're having trouble falling asleep. It'll get you there.
critique9564 A friend told me of John Fante last summer after we got into a conversation about Charles Bukowski. I did not know that Fante was a favorite writer of Bukowski's - an author with similar edge and humor except from one generation earlier. 'Ask the Dust' was the first Fante book I read and it remains one of my favorite novels. The novel was a brilliant piece of writing about a sad frightened young writer posing to himself and the outside world as an overconfident masterfully talented author who had no idea how to write about the real world experiences he had none of. In the novel the protagonist is a virgin with no idea how to win the graces of the women he desperately wants to write about in magazines. The story of his bizarre relationship with Camilla how he settles for his first sexual experience with a 'wounded' admirer and how he eventually is left with nothing but the story of his failed attempts at love is biting and real with no touching Hollywood ending. The film adaptation stays true to the book for a while but meanders into the cinematic trap of love persevering through racism sickness and death. The heart of this story lies in the fact that Bandini is a jerk and Camilla is f-ing crazy and their love never was and never would be the real thing no matter how much either of them wanted to find it in each other. This movie tore out the real meaning of the story out and replaced it with schlock. I can't believe the man who wrote Chinatown could read this book and make a movie about it that got it so wrong.
critique9565 This is the most inaccurate and disgraceful biblical film i have ever has the misfortune to watch. I would like to know why anybody on earth could enjoy viewing this. I am so surprised that a big name like Jon Voight would agree to act in this disgraceful piece of garbage. Many people who may not have read the bible will now be mislead by believing this film was accurate and the thought of that really bothers me. I think the makers have a lot to answer for. The worst thing is that i believe nobody could make such obvious mistakes with a biblical film since they can research the bible for the truth so i believe the makers deliberately twisted what the bible says and that is something nobody has the right to do and i find that very offensive. There are no words strong enough to describe exactly how i feel about this.
critique9566 Yes I had the misfortune of watching this film when I was younger at a friends house as his mother was a teacher and she wanted to screen the movie and see if there were any inappropriate scenes that a parent might object to. Well other than the unfunny jokes I think this one was in the clear well the unfunny jokes and the strange scene where the look a like Ernest hits on a girl. So yes Ernest gets thrown in jail thanks to a look a like and proceeds to try to escape and there is other stuff to it like him becoming magnetized at one point shooting electricity and in a very painful to watch finale flying. There are a couple of jokes but nothing to much to mention except for the gun carved from soap...I think that is the only scene me or my friend's mother laughed out loud at. This and camp are the only two Ernest movies I have ever seen and from what I have seen in them I am not going to track down the other films. Ernest was good in small doses but a movie is just to much even when it is as short as this one. I figure though the films made money mainly because all you need is Varney and a location and a theme and you have your movie.
critique9567 Besides being boring the scenes were oppressive and dark. The movie tried to portray some kind of moral but fell flat with its message. What were the redeeming qualities?? On top of that I don't think it could make librarians look any more unglamorous than it did.
critique9568 the first toxie film was dark gory and hillarious. This film is un-gory battles to cheezy jazz music no real gore at all and the worst toxie mask I have ever seen! His deep voice is now a light happy voice characters from part 1 reappear by actors that look NOTHING like them (Claire Mom Junko) characters names change (Claire or Sara?). It is lacking all the brutal violence dark humor and political incorrectness of the first film. If it weren't for nudity this movie could have been rated PG. Really lame. I am a HUGE fan of part 1 though just cant stand this one.
critique9569 Why was this film made? What were the creators of this thinking?!?! The first 8MM film at least had a plot that made sense and was potentially interesting. The first film was about the snuff film industry. This sequel is about... hold on... the porno industry!! Yes as if the snuff film industry an industry in which people are supposedly killed on film for entertainment were at all in the same league with the adult film industry an industry in which people film other people engaging in unstimulated sex acts and situations for eroticism. The idea alone should warn you about how poorly conceived the idea for this film alone is. It isn't helped by a lack of plot character acting direction script logic theme or even sound design. This is a remarkably boring film that never once held my attention. Literally nothing works. Why would a mystery thriller film about the porno industry involving assassination and betrayal work anyway? I don't have much of an interest in adult films but I certainly have watched them before. Why would somebody make a film about the evils of it and that they would make it in a sequel to a film about snuff movies? I don't even know if there is an industry involved in snuff film making but I hope it doesn't. The idea of a snuff film alone is horrific and only people who are truly sick and bad would be a part of it. I don't think that the adult film industry revolves around murder and torture. I'm pretty sure that a lot of people make pornographic films for good intentions rather than to hurt and kill people. It is never okay to hurt another human being. The adult film industry isn't about hurting people. It's about creating films that are to me a diversion and a waste of time. What is this film trying to say? It doesn't work.
critique9570 It starts out like a very serious social commentary which quickly makes one think of other Clark movies like Kids Bully etc. But then just as quickly it unravels into a direction-less mess. Who is the main character? Is this a serious film or some Gregg Araki-esquire over the top goofy film? Is this a skate documentary with moments of dialog inserted? I have no clue. I found myself watching the clock and wonder when this turd was going to end. I kept thinking there would be some big shocker culmination which never came. I cut a good 20 minutes out of the movie by fast forwarding through the pointless skate scenes. Yes it illustrates the changing landscape between the have's have not's. I got it way back in the beginning. Kids and Bully was done in such a way that I actually felt like I was observing the realities of that group of friends. Wassup felt very staged poorly constructed and ever worse acting. Teenage Caveman which Larry didn't write but did direct was terrible. But at least it felt like it was suppose to be a terrible movie that didn't take itself seriously. Wassup Rockers was just plain bad.
critique9571 Let's get one thing straight; This was BAD! So Putrid that it doesn't even qualify to be imprinted on anyone's memories.<br /><br />The ever repeating storyline (who's constant recycling of not only jokes but story lines and character appearances.) A typical storyline goes as follows; Sue (the mother) opens the episode quoting on how she loves her baby son but smells awful (As if THAT doesn't get old! har-de-bloody-har!) some Australian quasi-nationalist "bogan" -look it up- appears to say how she thinks she's awesome because she's an ozzie while everything/everyone else that isn't sucks before disappearing for the rest of the episode. (a small mercy)<br /><br />The rest of the plot revolves around the father (Gary) getting in some kind of disagreement with Sue and him talking to members of his band for advice on how to sort it out.<br /><br />The phrase "words fail me" is an old one but this is where it is the most truthful thing to say. It is so incredibly BAD! So HORRIBLE that I would like every trace of it's existence sent to the lowest depths of the North sea and life can go on.<br /><br />It saddens me though to see someone as good as Sally Bretton (good actress I like her) make a prat out of herself Ardal O Hanlon (My Hero aside) has the ability to be pretty funny - but not here - and Ben Elton distinguished for so much good stuff somehow manages to come up with this...thing then comedy is in very serious trouble!
critique9572 When it was released this film caused a sensation. I watched it and was thrilled. Beautiful usually young naked women filmed in the classy style we knew so well from director Hamiltons photography. His photographs never become porn and the same is true for this movie. Today I saw it again and was bitterly disappointed. The soft core in extremely slow paced scenes all filmed with some Vaseline on the lenses actually is all there is. There is no real story the characters remain beautiful and beautifully filmed bodies but they are not real creatures with a soul. Actually nothing happens. It is like Hamilton is photographing using moving pictures rather than stills. And this gets so boring after a while. I even didn't watch the whole thing the second time for I fell vast asleep. That is all that remains of this masterpiece: it is a very good sleeping pill. And you will never become addicted to it!<br /><br />Back then 7 out of 10 now 3 out of 10
critique9573 I quite enjoyed The Wrecking Crew (1999) which was the last of the three films in this series (the first being Urban Menace (1999) which I've yet to see). I know it was baaaaad but the three leads did a pretty decent job all things considered.<br /><br />This however was truly atrocious. Ice-T was dreadful and he's the producer! Can't say I've ever heard of Silkk The Shocker (who apparently never learnt how to spell) but his performance was one of the worst I've ever seen in a movie.<br /><br />Miss Jones did pretty well in her small role though she later went on to make some atrocious racist "jokes" on her radio show after the SE Asian tsunami (plus other occasions sadly). Way to go girl...<br /><br />No-one else comes out with any credit. Strangely TJ Storm and Ernie Hudson (who are both pretty bad here) are far better in The Wrecking Crew which was made along with Urban Menace at the same time as Corrupt. How that works I don't know.<br /><br />I'm going to try the Ice-T commentary now to see whether he apologises for the film or tries to make us think it's a great piece of film-making.
critique9574 This is a sad film made for sad people. I was sitting in theaters tearing my hair apart wanting to break the chairs in front of me as the movie spitted out one cringe-inducing scenes after another. And there were people roaring with laughter behind me which made me wonder what kind of films these people must be watching to actually enjoy this horse-s**t.<br /><br />Nikkhil Advani has six stories with no plot and no interesting characters. The screenplay is dull probably he was drunk when he was writing this film. There is no strong hold on any of these stories. Nothing new  nothing to hold the audience and filled with dialogs which you would have heard a million times before. One of the stories is about this couple not being able to have sex because of series of disasters taking place every time they want to do it. I mean seriously is this story really required? Its not funny not creative but only proves that Advani has no sense of comedy. Another of the stories (which was probably the only story I was interested in) is based on a man's infidelity and that too ends in a lame age-old sati-savitri pati-parmeshwar crap. I have no idea what the Salmaan-Priyanka plot was all about. There was no issue in the plot for it to be a plot. She can't take Karan Johar's film because she has to marry Salmaan ?? Why can't she marry him and still take the film ?? or does Advani and Priyanaka just want to prove the world that it is in fact true that female actors cant be successful if they are married or that they should not act in films once they are married?? With six actors in the film obviously Advani cant produce the film all by himself. So he makes full use of sponsors like the Times group shamelessly promoting their Filmfare magazines. And also some jewelery brand which the women in the film absolutely seem to adore!! I come to IMDb to give it the worst rating and i am shocked to see posts praising the film. It just goes to show the sad state of bollywood and how star struck the fans are. With fans like these movies like Salaam E Ishq will be continue to be made and worse probably be a hit.
critique9575 Not much to say other than plenty of Wire-fu and supposed Sholin monks ego-tripping about Kung-fu and caricature Japanese plotting to take over China. All of this would not be so bad if not for the utterly fake Japanese sword fighting. If you watched a Samurai movie or two you can tell that the "Japanese" fighting in the movie is simply the same "Kung-fu" (Really circus acrobats) stunt men doing the same things except with a Japanese sword. However there are a couple of fun moments such as when a Japanese woman Ninja tears off her clothes in mid-flight to disarm a monk and captures him with a fishing net. Storywise there seems to be a bit of schizophrenia as far as whether the Japanese should be shown as completely despicable or if there could be exceptions. The "Japanese" protagonist is shown as largely honourable but not beyond unwarranted cruelty such as when he murders a sedated monk so that he may have his duel. Quite disappointing with a very silly ending. Does not for a moment evoke even the semblance of the idea of an epic battle.
critique9576 I rented this movie roughly 4-5 years ago and was instantly disappointed.<br /><br />I wanted to see a b-movie slasher flick but ended up with a fecal matter for my eyes. The acting was similar to watching grass dry. I've seen better acting in a softcore film...<br /><br />The idea that a crazy killer comes out of nowhere baffled me. How was this a horror movie?<br /><br />this movie's production value was laughable at best. There were no scares. It seemed like a high school student got a new video camera for Christmas. The plot was all over the place if existent. If you are bored looking for a bad horror movie to rent skip this one. There are much better b-movies out there.
critique9577 This movie is a perfect example of an excellent book getting ruined by a movie. Jacob Have I Loved is quite possibly the worst film that I have ever seen. There is no storyline plots disappear and the editing is awful. To top it all off the music is straight from a synthesizer and sounds unbelievably terrible. Bridget Fonda's acting is decent but everyone else's acting is totally amateur. I would suggest this movie to someone who is studying to be a producer as a study on how not to produce a movie as it is chock full of bad cut-scenes bad transitions and acting that should have been re-shot! Read the book and don't waste your time with this film.
critique9578 This Book-based movie is truly awful and a big disappointment. We've been waiting for this move over a month. Many film reviewer were hopeful for it. Also in newspapers and TV it made big sense. When 29th April comes many people regretfully noticed that movie is really awful. Why? First of all story was so monotone. It has been many indefinite scenes sometimes it's hard to realize what's going on. The actresses out of Hulya Avsar weren't harmonized with their roles especially Vildan Atasever. She acts better in comedy films In this movie a kind of drama she couldn't disposed of her previous role. And finally Movie is too short just 66 minutes.
critique9579 In Moscow the priest Owen (Vincent Gallo) hires a team to guide him in the underworld to find his friend Sergei (Rade Serbedzija) that is missing while researching the legend about the existence of demons and an entrance to hell beneath the city. <br /><br />I bought this DVD based on the name of Val Kilmer and the interesting pictures on the cover. I am totally disappointed since this film is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I do not understand how Val Kilmer accepted to participate in this production. There are two shameful reviews in IMDb promoting this movie and they are typically fake written by users with only one review in this site. There are two possible ways to see this boring and awful film: my wife and I napped many times because of the monotony of this pointless story and we used the rewind button of the DVD to repeat each lost scene. However the correct way should have been the use of the fast forward or the stop button to end this crap faster. My vote is one.<br /><br />Title (Brazil): "Cidade Sombria" ("Dark City")
critique9580 Priyadarshan- whenever a person heard his name his first thought would be 'comedy'. That is what this man is known for or rather was known for. After giving stupendous blockbuster comedies like Hungama Hera Pheri and Hunchul his train derailed slowly with movies like Chupke Chupke and a few others whose names I can't recollect for now. Now with hideous films like Dhol the first word that would strike our mind after hearing his name would be- 'torture'.<br /><br />Dhol is a mixture of bad unfunny toilet jokes somewhat of drama poor suspense and idiocracy. The only good thing about Dhol was one or two of the scenes which were funny though not witty and secondly except for Kunal Khemu and the hysterical grandma the acting was decent. <br /><br />Speaking of the acting I felt that Rajpal Yadav and Sharman Joshi were at the top (if you compare them with the others in the movie) then came Tusshar Kapoor then Tanushree and at the last the two idiots mentioned above. The flaw in Kunal Khemu was that he was loud in his jokes and even in his acting. The grandma firstly resembled a ghost plus she was not funny at all but rather silly.<br /><br />The plot was the same seen before one. Four boys behind girls and in need of money but with a few twists. There is a 'bad' man who is preposterously stupid and dumb. And at last the good wins over the bad and everything is fine. The idea of having a Dhol with a tone full of cash in it is simply not witty.<br /><br />The worst thing about the movie is its length. After an hour or so you get exhausted and want to leave the theater. But being a critic it is my responsibility to tolerated the whole two and half hours of the movie. THe movie goes on and on and the same kind of jokes are repeated again and again and the situations are perennial just at a different place.<br /><br />If your mother-in-law has arrived to your house and starts mocking you at everything then send her for this movie and have fun. 3 out of 10.
critique9581 Oh Geez... There are so many other films I want to see out there... I got stuck with my nephew for the weekend and this is what he wanted - Yeah...<br /><br />I used to watch this show when I was in college...it was mindless kinda fun and somewhat action-oriented. The show had a good heart tho...and the characters were cute; no one ever got killed or even hurt badly... it was like a cartoon come to life. Cut to 2005...What happened? This one doesn't work. As others have said there simply isn't a cohesive story and the performances are weird...almost annoying - definitely not faithful to the original characters...the whole thing is a like a Mad TV skit and it lasts over 100 minutes! This was one of the few times I've been EMBARRASSED watching a film. What were they thinking? As best I can tell must've been for the product marketing toys etc. All I can say is let this one die a quick death. It makes the original Dukes of Hazzard seem like Masterpiece Theater...<br /><br />I think the only remake left to do from TV is Gilligan's Island... Good Luck!
critique9582 I was so looking forward to seeing this when it was in production.But it turned out to be the the biggest let down. A far cry from the whimsical world of Dr Seuss. It was vulgar and distasteful I don't think Dr Seuss would have approved.How the Grinch stole Christmas was much better. I understand it had some subtle adult jokes in it but my children have yet to catch on. Whereas The Cat in the Hat screamed vulgarity they caught a lot more than I would have liked.Growing up with Dr Seuss It really bothered me to see how this timeless classic got trashed on the big screen .Lets see what they do with Horton hears a who.I hope this one does Dr Seuss some justice.
critique9583 Standard "paint-by-numbers" monster fare filled with a bunch of routine plot devices from big-creature movies. It's like somebody had a deck of cards with plot ideas from other movies written on them which were shuffled and dealt. Whatever plot lines and characters came up in the deal were then tossed into the script. <br /><br />Characters are so clichÃƒÂ©-ridden that you can play a game of "Guess who ends up as a monster meal" after less than ten minutes into the movie and probably get every single one right--including the order that they will get devoured. Many of the characters are so obnoxious that you root for the creature to shut them up. Some of the main characters include: a Billy Idol clone who surfs with sharks a loudmouth brat who flashes bankrolls a Capt. Ahab guy with a vendetta and Ahab's girlfriend who does sleazy dances at a bar. Oh and a big big beast in need of anger management therapy.<br /><br />Along the way people argue a lot pretty girls run around with wet t-shirts couples make out on exotic beaches explosions occur ruins of a shrine appear and greasy-faced pirates drop by. <br /><br />Amusing for the most part but one thing bothered me: the callousness by characters when other people were killed. After one violent demise they make one-liner jokes. I could almost hear rim shots.<br /><br />Overall OK if you have 90 minutes to waste and you want to laugh at a so-bad-it's-good-movie. Otherwise you may want to skip this one.
critique9584 This 1919 to 1933 Germany looks hardly like a post WWII Czech capitol. Oh sorry it is the Czech capitol and it is 2003 how funny.<br /><br />This is one of the most awful history movies in the nearest past. RÃƒÂ¶hm is a head higher than Adolf and looks so damned good GÃƒÂ¶ring looks like 40 when he just is 23 and the "FÃƒÂ¼hrer" always seems to look like 56. And the buildings folks even buildings have been young sometimes. Especially 1919 were a lot of houses in Germany nearly new (the WWI does not reach German cities!). No crumbling plaster! Then the Reichstagsbuilding. There have never been urban canyons around this building never. And this may sound to you all like a miracle: in the year 1933 the Greater Berlin fire brigade owns a lot of vehicles with engines some even with turntable ladders but none with a hand pump.<br /><br />One last thing: What kind of PLAYMOBIL castle was this at the final sequence? For me this was a kind of "Adolf's Adventures in Wonderland"
critique9585 This really is a film of two halves. The first detailing the lives and friendship of two boys (one a privileged Pashtun and the other a down-trodden Hazara) in late 70s Afghanistan before the invasion by the USSR works extremely well. The young actors turn in convincing performances and seeing Afghanistan as it once was throws the present situation there into stark relief.<br /><br />The real problem comes when we move into the later phase of the story where we join the Pashtun as a man living in America. Ancient debts to his young friend lead him to return to his homeland and it is really at this point that things break down. The central adult character is clearly supposed to be sympathetic but in fact comes across as wimpish and wallowing in self pity. It is hard to really care for him and one cannot help but feel that the really interesting story is the one we do not get to see - that of his boyhood friend.<br /><br />Once he returns to Afghanistan the narrative becomes bogged down in a series of highly contrived coincidences. Most remarkably he manages to come across his childhood enemy after all these years almost immediately (even though he is not looking for him) despite the chaos that has since consumed the country. This enables him to confront past demons in a way that is simply too convenient to be credible. The resolution of the narrative is also run through with an awful mawkish sentimentality which undermines any really serious points the film may be trying to make.<br /><br />Although it is possible to start seeing characters and the abuses of their lives as symbols of a state which has been torn apart by world politics it is hard to really see this as a film which engages with any wider political discussion. Instead the narrative becomes reduced to one character's emotional journey of self discovery and healing. Unfortunately this character is so dull and wrapped up in himself that it is hard to really become engaged in his story while opportunities to make a really interesting film about Afghanistan itself are wasted.
critique9586 Mildly entertaining and self consciously cheezy -- but what else could it possibly be? Cushing in one of his poorest roles and he often sounds dubbed. McClure is just too Cheezy to be believed but who can blame him in the wasteland of this movie whose plot about ancient dinosaur birds ruling humans has 19th Century throwback "period charm" but not enough and unfortunately the script carries the racist connotations of the literary genre into films. Nice effort from the actors but a poorly conceived production.
critique9587 Come on? FANTASTIC DRAMA ON SCREEN? Are you joking folks? I wouldn't put horrible Molly Gross to play even in school play! Where did these people learn acting? Borrowing some papers from their neighbors actor? Terrible plot awful acting. Heh ... why do you take us for an imbeciles? What can I say more. I understand this is an TV production and the acting is not supposed to be the one from Citizen Kane. But nevertheless they should try it harder in order to earn their money. And apart from that what can be said IN 10 LINES for a simple movie like this? U wanna article in the morning paper? To say what? Worse film in the decade? OK you want it - you got it!
critique9588 Though a bit more polished technically than the previous film in the series BULLDOG DRUMMOND ESCAPES this is a weaker escapade in both a plot that's less thrilling and a leading man who simply doesn't have the charisma of Ray Milland.<br /><br />That said several actors and characters continue in their roles and manage to keep the flag flying. Also John Barrymore is present popping up all through the film in a variety of outlandish disguises.<br /><br />Anyway it's another endless night for BD as he and his cohorts chase around trying to rescue the poor girl he intends to marry. The clues are stupid but again the supporting actors often make them entertaining.
critique9589 A fine young cast is wasted in this empty mawkish manipulative film that tries to be a combination of both a cute comedy and an insightful drama. The plot moves so slowly that the 90 minutes seems endless as characters do nothing but mope and emote. The dialogue is filled with stilted cliches and fortune-cookie attempts at pseudo-philosophy.<br /><br />Apparently aiming at being a moving and profound look at life and love the film ends up being merely pretentious. The only real weight is the burden that the talented cast is forced to carry as best they can. But never fear -- they are held up by the puppet strings of the contrived plot.
critique9590 This is the worst imaginable crap. The novel by H. Rider Haggard is very entertaining and dramatic. The makers of this worthless movie don't follow it closely. Well old novels aren't sacred and making free versions of them is fine with me if one has ideas of one's own. If all one can do is changing things and replace them with uninteresting and watered-down clichÃƒÂ©s one should stick to the original. If they had done that this film would have been at least twice as good even with worse actors and if filmed inside a studio with huts made of cardboard. BUt there's no imagination at all only tiredness. This should be bought or watched only by collectors of Victorian novels made into movies.<br /><br />Just a hint and not a spoiler I think to make those of you who have read the novel understand what has taken place and what you may expect if you decide to watch this on TV or - God forbid - waste money on buying this. Gagool an old baddie witch in the book and some precursor to Gollum has been turned into a nice gal!
critique9591 Much like Tinto Brass ("Caligula") the people who made this movie can't tell the difference between explicitness and eroticism. No build-up at all just throw naked women on the screen; no it doesn't work that way. If close-ups of female genitalia aren't your thing prepare to be looking away from the screen at many points (I often did). The "all women are whores at heart" mentality of the movie is offensive and the "story" is by turns absurd and boring (the escape is the most boring part!). But halfway through there is a random scene that pops out of nowhere and involves one of the (female) prisoners and one of the (male) guards in a nude wrestling match which she wins with a couple of judo moves. Although the choreography of the fight is bad the whole scene is undeniably memorable. In fact that scene and the nice cinematography are the only two reasons I give this film * out of 4 instead of 0.
critique9592 While credited as a Tom and Jerry cartoon this is not the cat-and-mouse team but an earlier Mutt-and-Jeff rip-off featuring them going to Africa and disguising themselves in the stereotypical burnt cork makeup to try to blend in. While the dialect humor is mostly lame there is a brief musical sequence involving "black skeletons" that was entertaining. I have to ask however how could Tom and Jerry still have their makeup stay on even after being dumped in the water a couple of times? One of many entries produced by the Van Beuren Corporation for distribution by RKO Radio Pictures before RKO made a deal with Disney. Only worth seeing if you're an animation buff or is interested in how certain ethnicities were stereotyped as entertainment way back when.
critique9593 I generally love this type of movie. However this time I found myself wanting to kick the screen. Since I can't do that I will just complain about it. This was absolutely idiotic. The things that happen with the dead kids are very cool but the alive people are absolute idiots. I am a grown man pretty big and I can defend myself well. However I would not do half the stuff the little girl does in this movie. Also the mother in this movie is reckless with her children to the point of neglect. I wish I wasn't so angry about her and her actions because I would have otherwise enjoyed the flick. What a number she was take my advise and fast forward through everything you see her do until the end. Also is anyone else getting sick of watching movies that are filmed so dark. Anymore one can hardly see what is being filmed. As an audience we are impossibly involved with the actions on the screen. So then why the hell can't we have night vision?
critique9594 well I'd probably agree with all the bad comments about this movie cos honestly i thought it was such a piece of crap i mean the actors had done a terrible acting job and the script was all terrible. Although the special effects wasn't a bit bad but i think the should have thought a lot harder than that. I mean how did Clara Bryant get successfully put into this film i mean she'd do a lot better if she looked a bit further and that goes the same with Kristen honey i mean her character dies and she doesn't bother to try and defend herself i mean it's gotta be a total joke. She should at least do a lot better than what she an do like become a soldier or more of a heroine or something along the lines of bravery. But the point is the actors did a complete soulless lousy job and so did the director and the writer who made this film. they should've went into film school to think up some better ideas and i hope everyone agrees with my methods cos they are probably thinking the same thing.
critique9595 I have to admit that I'm a great fan of this show so you must know how disappointed I got when I watched this movie. First of all the plot was awful I thought it was going to be something more interesting like to see what happened to Arnold fathers or something more interesting but NOOOOOOO a maniac wants to destroy Arnold's house between many other places so many people tries to stop this.<br /><br />I must admit that the plot wasn't so bad after all but what really sucked were the steps that Arnold and his friends do to stop this maniac they become friends of a spy; they drive a bus (based on a video game for God sake) and to worse everything they make super-moves on the bus things that many persons had already tried and died but not Arnold Gerald and Helga 'cause they are experts on a video game.<br /><br />Honestly my mom my sister even me got really disappointed after watching this movie 'cause it was the worst way to finish a really good cartoon. I must admit that I used to enjoy "Hey Arnold!" it was one of my favorite cartoons on Nickelodeon but after this crap of movie I'm not quite sure if I'm going to watch "Hey Arnold!" as I used to watch it on the past.<br /><br />Other thing Nickelodeon with that enormous number of dynamite I can assure you that not a simple street would explode I think that the whole city could explode with that oh and please if all of your future movies from good cartoons are going to be like that don't do more movies you give a bad critic to cartoons that used to be good.<br /><br />Honestly I think this was the worst way to end this show a good show transformed into this crap of movie.
critique9596 What Game Over: Kasparov and the Machine does best is to delve into Garry Kasparov's psyche during the 1997 competition against IBM's Deep Blue. You see him becoming more and more paranoid and increasingly unravelled all because in the second game Deep Blue made a move that seemed too human for his preconceived notion of chess computers. Kasparov thought then and still does that IBM cheated.<br /><br />Game Over tries to seem unbiased but it is clear that the director thinks that IBM cheated. However they give no real evidence to support the cheating claim only intimations that IBM's security surrounding the computer room was because IBM really had grandmasters hidden in there overriding the computer on certain key occasions and Kasparov's assertion that the computer didn't play like a computer usually does at one point in game two. In game two Kasparov played a game that was designed to trick the computer attempting to sacrifice a pawn in a situation where previous computer chess programs would have taken the pawn leading to the computer's eventual loss. Deep Blue didn't take the bait and Kasparov was so rattled because the computer seemed to play like a human that he didn't even see that he could have played Deep Blue to a draw and ended up resigning. That game psyched him out so much that he was unable to recover and after playing games 34 and 5 to draws lost game 6 horribly.<br /><br />The question of whether IBM cheated all comes down to that single move in game two where the Deep Blue made the move that any human would make but that had up to that point tripped up computers. Joel Benjamin a chess grandmaster on IBM's programming team explained in the documentary that they knew that chess computers always got tripped up in that situation and consequently spent a lot of time and effort programming Deep Blue so that it wouldn't make the mistake that other computers do. If you believe Benjamin's assertion then the case is clear IBM did not cheat. Unfortunately the director quickly moved on and never mentioned IBM's explanation for the rest of the movie preferring to cut between shots of the chess playing hoax of the 19th century The Turk and shots of Deep Blue hinting that Deep Blue was really controlled by a human as well. As someone who has an understanding of programming the explanation by IBM makes perfect sense--if you knew what you were doing it would not be terribly difficult to put something in the code so that if thus and so conditions are reached then do thus and so--in other words tell the computer what to do if a situation like the one that Kasparov created in game 2 ever happened. This isn't cheating it's doing a good job of programming a chess computer.<br /><br />In the end it's eminently clear that the director thinks that IBM cheated and the repeated comments about IBM's stock rising 15% the day that Deep Blue won suggest the idea that IBM cheated to pump its stock price (Kasparov even compares IBM and Deep Blue to Enron). However there is plenty of outside opinion within both the chess and computer science communities that Deep Blue won fair and square and that Kasparov lost because he simply couldn't get past his view of computers as "dumb machines" and got psyched out by a machine that didn't seem so dumb after all. I just wish that the director had let us see the alternative opinion.<br /><br />
critique9597 People may say I am harsh but I can't help it. The movie is so bad I was absolutely stunned. The first movie was bad enough if you ask me. It was greatly exaggerated and silly but this one despite the creepy scenes has a seriously ass-stupid story. They actually went deep into investigating Kayako's past and found out that she had a mother (Who miraculously speaks English) who was an exorcist and "fed" evil spirits to her daughter. Stupid? Yeap. OK it started out with Kayako who was an ordinary housewife who had an affair with some bloke and got herself dead. This part is still OK. Because of this moment of rage she became a vengeful spirit who kills anyone who enters her house. Acceotable. Now her killings began to stretch a little where she actually had the opportunity to travel throughout Tokyo just to finish her victims. (Her victims were travelling weren't they?) This struck me hard. Now if a ghost could actually do such a thing like travelling throughout a country without paying public transport fares I wouldn't mind being. Ask someone to come kill me then *snorts*. And to crown things all up the ghost who was once depicted as a very vengeful one (In Ju-on: The Grudge which was way better than this trash) is now depicted as some spectre who truly enjoys herself and felt that it is her mission to finish of people. Things became worse (For me the viewer) when the ghost became coming in forms of large strands of hair. I mean ??? If a ghost had such power I seriously dun mind being one. I never really liked movies depicting ghosts as MONSTERS cause they're not. The overall results is just plain bad. Like The Grudge 2. With a better storyline and less exaggeration this show would have been better
critique9598 If you liked watching Mel Gibson in Million Dollar Hotel then you might enjoy watching Burt Reynolds in yet another film so bad it could never be distributed. I can only attest to the DVD version so maybe the VHS version is better quality wise but the movies night and dark scenes have been so poorly done that everythings seems red. I first thought my DVD players was messed up. It wasn't. If you insist on watching it I recommend you adjust the color on your TV until it is black and white. If you don't you will never be able to get through the film. If you do it will simply remind you of a poor film students attempt to revist the style of Pulp Fiction.
critique9599 The premise of Bottom crossed with Fawlty Towers sounds great! However Ade Edmonson & Rik Mayall have managed to create a film that raises barely a titter. Ten years ago Rik Mayall's mad stare and Ade's idiocy were funny now they are just annoying.<br /><br />The film had promise - though the most horrendous hotel in Britain is not a new idea - but failed to deliver. The saving graces were competent performances from Simon (Spaced Big Train) Pegg and Helene Mathieu and the film is only 90 minutes long. Sorry guys but you really have hit the Bottom
critique9600 Waitress: Honey here's them eggs you ordered. Honey like bee get it? That's called pointless foreshadowing.<br /><br />Edward Basket: Huh? (On the road) Basket: Here's your doll back little girl. You really shouldn't be so careless with your belongings.<br /><br />Little girl: Yeah whatever.<br /><br />Crash! Boom! Whoosh! CrackleÃ‚Â… Basket: I think that something bad is about to happen.<br /><br />(Later) Basket: Mmmm. Vicodin! What theÃ‚Â… ? (Tears open letter.) Wow! My ex-girl's handwriting has really improved. And look her missing daughter looks kinda like the girl with the doll I accidentally was sort of responsible for getting killed in a way. And she kind of has my hairline. I wonder should I torture myself and go find her? Let's see what my friends at the precinct think.<br /><br />Basket's fellow male cop: HAHAHA. Willow's a funny name.<br /><br />Basket: I think that something bad is about to happen.<br /><br />(On the island) Basket: What's in the sack? AHHH.<br /><br />Tree-named crone: It's not her daughter though.<br /><br />(In the tavern) Basket: Can you swing that? Big-boned tree-named tavern wench: Huh? Basket: (smashes a bee). Everything is OK.<br /><br />Sensually pretty formerly promising actress playing a lusty tavern scullery maid: That's good. Honey's not a plant though.<br /><br />(On the greensward) Willow: Oh yeah and I forgot you are the father my child Conan er I mean Rowen. (Yawns.) I could have stayed and had a life with you. But I didn't. I wanted to be princess of the beehive instead. I mean never mind. (Nods off jerks awake widens eyes to anime proportions). Mwah kiss-kiss. Love ya! What were we talking about? Basket: Who burned it? Who burned it? Who burned it? Who burned it? Who burned it? Willow: Edward. Sniff. Blink. Why. Are. You. Yelling. At. Me? Is it because I jacked your Vicodin? Sniff. Snore. What were we talking about? Basket: I think something bad is about to happen.<br /><br />Willow: My lips hurt.<br /><br />(In the schoolroom) Rose: What is man? Unappealling twins in unison: Phallic symbol phallic symbol.<br /><br />Rose: Echo? Echo? Basket: Step away from the bike.<br /><br />Rose: And I'm the good twin.<br /><br />Basket: I think something bad is about to happen.<br /><br />(At the beehives) Basket: Hmmm. Hallo? Ow ow ow oh bother. Silly old bear. Snore.<br /><br />(At the Queen Bee's mansion) Sister Summersisle: You have so much potential. What are you doing here? Weren't you the stud Cher slapped in the face in Moonstruck? (Licks lips.) Basket: I was about to ask you the same thing. Where's the girl? Sister Summersisle: How you drone on. Let's talk about the significance of my superfluous "s." Basket: Look out for that semi-truck barreling toward us! Aaaaah! Oh. Never mind. Goddammit! (Pops another pill.) Mmmm. Thorazine.<br /><br />(Back at the tavern) Big-boned supercilious tavern wench: I've tried Weightwatchers Jenny Craig South Beech and I still went up a bear-suit size since last year.<br /><br />Tree-named crone: HAHAHA. All the better to roast that nosy cop in my dear.<br /><br />Big-boned wench: Totally.<br /><br />Basket: That was the last straw that broke the Basket Case's back! Take that wench! (Slugs her.) (Edward Basket is mysteriously attacked from behind) Voluptuous tavern wench: EEEE! Snap out of it! Leave the island already and take me with you! Do I have to tackle you or what? Snap out of it I say! EEEE! Basket: Take that wench! (Courageously kicks her in the face. Her eyes roll back in her head and become cartoon Xs.) Voluptuous wench: SnoreÃ‚Â… (At the Nicolas Cage roast) Ellen Burstyn: And who can forget the part where Basket's cell phone rings in the middle of his bear suit scene and then the call gets dropped. It's like a wireless ad: Help me! Can you hear me now? Hahaha.<br /><br />Kate Beahan: And remember when I produced the bullets I jacked from Basket's gun? He looked so surprised. You should be more careful with your belongings Nick. Hahaha. And your movie choices.<br /><br />All: The drone must die! Basket: (screaming) Oh yeah you bitches? Well roasting me isn't gonna help your goddamn honey! Aaah. My legs! Honey (honey get it?) put down that torch and step away from the Basket Case. Honey! Smokey bear says don't play with matches. Hahaha. What theÃ‚Â…? Look out for that hurtling semi-truck! Ahh! Oh. Goddammit these flashbacks from my drug experimentation phase in the seventies are getting old! Where's my heroin? Ouch. Ouch. My watch isn't fireproof. Ouch. I think something bad is about to happen. Can you hear me now? I'm ready for my close up. Goddammit! (Six months later) Voluptuous wench in modern-day slutty attire: I told that eponymous Basket Case to take me with him.<br /><br />Innocent young drone: I like to help people.<br /><br />Volptuous wench: Then get me out of my contract for the sequel! I think something bad is about to happen. EEEEE!
critique9601 If you can stomach the campiness this movie should make you laugh out loud several times. It did for me at least. I'll only mention one of my favorite elements: the "underwater shots" of the "fish" "swimming". The sound which accompanies those shots is great too.<br /><br />One last note: William Katt is actually a pretty decent actor. I hope he gets another day in the sun; watching him as "The Greatest American Hero" was a fun part of my childhood a couple of decades ago and he hasn't been very visible since. He seemed kind of depressed in this movie. Somebody give him a fun job on a good show or something.
critique9602 I don't want to go too far into detail because I can't really justify wasting much time on reviewing this film but I had to give an alternate opinion to hopefully help people avoid the movie. The animation is crud and the story alternates between boring/pointless to extremely irritating. The humor was completely lost on the audience and yes - Ghost in the Shell fans this is NOT an action sci-fi or anything like that - its an attempt at slapstick comedy and the humor just did not work after being translated. It was a total chore to watch this movie and horrible way for me to kick off the film fest especially considering how excited I was and how open I was for anything - I wasn't expecting a Ghost in the Shell sequel but I was expecting something entertaining and it simply didn't achieve this. Yaaawwnnn... Rent Kino's Journey instead.
critique9603 I wanted to like this movie but many elements ruined it for me. The use of a fisheye lens throughout and choppy editing did not give me a sense of being in the world of the meth head but it did make me think I was watching MTV for a few short moments. The movie never did seem to go anywhere and the acting was truly an excellent example of over acting. I love movies that give us a glimpse into the seedy underworld but this film couldn't decide if it was a bad horror film or an even worse serious commentary on the horrors of addiction.
critique9604 This guy has no idea of cinema. Okay it seems he made a few interestig theater shows in his youth and about two acceptable movies that had success more of political reasons cause they tricked the communist censorship. This all is very good but look carefully: HE DOES NOT KNOW HIS JOB! The scenes are unbalanced without proper start and and with a disordered content and full of emptiness. He has nothing to say about the subject so he over-licitates with violence nakedness and gutter language. How is it possible to keep alive such a rotten corpse who never understood anything of cinematographic profession and art? Why don't they let him succumb in piece?
critique9605 As an engineer I must say this show's first season started out very promising. Most of the applied mathematics were somewhat plausible and the relationships portrayed between the Eppes brothers and father gave the show an interesting edge.<br /><br />But after the first season the show started degrading heavily. Most of the mathematics and technology used in crime solving is now utter gibberish and very laughable to all people involved in science & technology for real.<br /><br />The involvement from the actors still feels okay and I can imagine a fair amount of money is still going into producing each episode but in the end this has degraded to a very unpleasantly tasting dish which is a mix of a grade C action thriller and CSI style cop show.<br /><br />If you are gonna watch it go for only the first season and possibly parts of the second. Thereafter I would not waste my time. Myself I gave the show up midway through season 3.<br /><br />Season 1 - 8 stars Season 2 - 5 stars Season 3 - 3 stars<br /><br />Let's sum that up to 4 stars. Since Charlie doesn't know his math anymore I won't bother with the correctness of mine either.
critique9606 There is one really good scene in Faat Kine. The title character gets in an argument with another woman and after being threatened Faat Kine sprays her in the face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected bizarre and rather funny at the same time. In that one instance writer/director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience a character that is easy to root for an interesting film character that could be worth watching for two hours. In the scene he presents a brave woman who is bold in her actions. For the rest of the movie the only other thing he seems to present is conflicting tones. <br /><br />The tone is all over the place. It's true not all movies have to clearly fit within a specific genre but I don't think Faat Kine fits into any genre. Supposedly it's a drama though there are moments of such broad comedy (the aforementioned spraying in the face) that it cannot be taken seriously. On the other hand the film is certainly not a comedy with the abundant amount of serious topics Sembene has crammed into the picture. There is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama together. Unfortunately Semebene doesn't find that balance. Instead one scene after another just drift into each other without much rhyme or reason leaving two different tones hanging in the wind. <br /><br />Faat Kine also has the problem of running two hours long with an extremely drawn out finale. The film ends with a big party where all the characters' conflicts are resolved only they aren't resolved quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene going on for probably twenty minutes. Because the rest of the scenes up until this point have been meandering the finale is particularly hard to endure with repetition beginning early on in the scene making for a frustrating viewing experience.<br /><br />Perhaps I am being too hard on Faat Kine. I am not the right audience for it. I felt nothing towards the characters and had no connection to any part of the story. There are people who will probably find something meaningful in the story and see strong characters. However I was unable to do so and thus cannot recommend it.
critique9607 I watched this film because I noticed that it had Kari Wuhrer in the cast. I have long had a theory about her that she is a talented actress but never seems to get to prove that because she is always in this sort of low-budget B movie. She is still beautiful and she is still trying to act over the unfortunate material I always see her in. This is no different. The film is often ugly and disturbing but that doesn't make it good. George Wendt played against type and that was so jarring that he gets recognition for his role. Another note about Ms. Wuhrer. Her breasts seem to have shrunk markedly since I saw her last. Perhaps reduction surgery or (more likely) removal of implants. This NOT a bad thing. She still looks great. I would like to see her in a better movie.
critique9608 I mistakenly kept myself awake late last night watching this thing. About the only thing I could say good about this horrid film is that it could be used by film schools to show how not to make a movie. No proper character development wait I'm not even sure they were characters. Set-ups were hokey and inane and the overuse of split screens was wasted since sometimes they couldn't even synchronize with alternate shots. If I could give this a zero or minus rating I would. Sadly it isn't even worth the time for a few laughs.<br /><br /> It's just a sad example of money wasted by Hollywood and now I waste my time even thinking about it.
critique9609 Without question the worst ELVIS film ever made. The movie portrays all Indians as drunk stupid and lazy. Watch ELVIS's skin change color throughout the film.
critique9610 Back of Beyond takes place at a dive diner/gas station in the middle of the Australian desert run by Tom McGregor (Paul Mercurio) a shy guy who suddenly finds himself in a spot of trouble when some visitors unexpectedly arrive. We get what at first confusingly seems like a flashback in which he and his sister (though their relationship to each other is better understood later in the film) are speeding through the desert on his motorcycle. Afterwards he appears as a terribly quiet and sometimes moody character in the presence of the arrivals.<br /><br />We know one thing is for sure and that is McGregor's sort of spiritual sense his foresight of danger and such--his clairvoyance only slightly relevant to the story the bulk of which concerns three diamond thieves who's car breaks down and who rely on Tom to help them out of spot without getting in their way. Of course Tom falls for one of the thieves a young woman named Charlie and suddenly it pits all three already mistrusting allies against each other. But not in a way that really results in anything of much mystery or action. In fact the whole movie all the while seems to want to build up to something significant but really fails to do so. Even the ending of which plays out like a trite campfire tale (and one that really reveals a lot of narrative flaws) is almost just as ridiculous.<br /><br />It may be worth trying if you don't mind the terribly slow pacing but are in the mood at least for something a little different than the usual.
critique9611 The film starts out with a narration of the protagonist explaining certain crimes occurring all over the city and then we get to know that the hero is a cop who is either suspended or has probably retired. I did not have the patience or the interest to verify the above before commenting. If there is a stereotype for narrators to have a deep sleep-inducing voice then it is high time to put an end to it. I seriously fell asleep and did not bother to shut the movie down either. Am still trying to figure out what the movie was all about and why there were no outdoor shootings. A third rate TV Serial will have more number of sets compared to this crap of a movie and I still pity the actors and producers involved in this huge bullshit of a movie. It ought to have been produced as a normal TV serial or maybe even as a local theater drama instead of putting it out on the big screen. Total waste of time and money. The movie was supposed to be in production for a long time and it would have been better to have left it that way.With redundant sleep inducing dialogs and sets this is the worst movie I have come across.
critique9612 My wife and I watch a film every night with no distractions and mostly artsy films that require thought. I have tons of patience for films that are slow to blossom. My wife has double the attention span that I do. All that being said-- this film is just plain empty and BORING! It went nowhere. Never blossomed. It started fairly strong with a promising plot...then she bakes cookies...goes to Spain....she sulks she stares....the credits roll. Uneven full of holes false starts & dead ends. We FF'd through several extended sequences of her just staring off into space. Artificial depth was implied when she played with the mud and cried. Zzzz...... It's like a beautifully shot chick-flick that's pretending to be deep or artsy. You never get to know nor understand Morvern at all. About halfway through you just don't care anymore. We just wanted to see at least one of the plot lines develop. Don't waste your time on this. I'm shocked it scores so high.
critique9613 I have copy of this on VHS I think they (The television networks) should play this every year for the next twenty years. So that we don't forget what was and that we remember not to do the same mistakes again. Like putting some people in the director's chair where they don't belong. This movie Rappin' is like a vaudevillian musical for those who can't sing or act. This movie is as much fun as trying to teach the 'blind' to drive a city bus.<br /><br />John Hood (Peebles) has just got out of prison and he's headed back to the old neighborhood. In serving time for an all-to-nice crime of necessity of course. John heads back onto the old street and is greeted by kids dogs old ladies and his peer homeys as they dance and sing all along the way.<br /><br />I would recommend this if I was sentimental or if in truth someone was smoking medicinal pot prescribed by a doctor for glaucoma. Either way this is a poorly directed scripted acted and even produced (I never thought I'd sat that) satire of ghetto life with the 'Hood'. Although I think the redeeming part of the story through the wannabe gang fight sequences and the dance numbers his friends care about their neighbors and want to save the ghetto from being torn down and cleaned up. <br /><br />Forget Sonny spoon Mario could have won an Oscar for that in comparison to this Rap. Oh well if you find yourself wanting to laugh yourself silly and three-quarters embarrassed be sure to drink first. <br /><br />And please watch responsibly. (No stars better luck next time!)
critique9614 This film was terrible. I thought it would be OK but it just got worse and worse. From the starting scenes it seems to be heading in the direction of another safe predictable rom-com but the moment he arrives at the house it just disintegrates. None of the characters have any depth and the only person who was anywhere near believable was Tom although the way he became so easily distracted just annoyed me after a while. The dialogue is ridiculous and the structure of the film almost completely non-existent. In an insulting attempt at comedy the writer/director introduces a new character or event in practically every scene none of which are realistic making it very confusing to keep track of what is going on. The plot is barely an excuse for a movie : guy likes girl house sits fathers home to get to know girl destroys house gets girl. A complete waste of time.
critique9615 The producers of this film should be sued for the misrepresentation of copyrighted materials namely the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons Players' Handbook. Fear and ignorance breed the sort of mindless propaganda that inspire garbage like this film. If any of you have any doubts about the innocence of Dungeons & Dragons why don't you go to your local hobby store and see about sitting in with a gaming group so you can see for yourself that D&D is nothing to be afraid of.
critique9616 Without actually giving away my age I saw this for the first time over 20 years ago when it first came out on video (maybe it was a beta tape??) and I was old enough to drink (barely) and perhaps I had had a few because I remember thinking how great this movie was! I have since seen it sober and have to admit it is a pretty bad film. As mentioned in other posts the plot is absolutely ridiculous and the poor acting just makes it worse. It's a poor attempt to fantasize that teenagers too can be "Mavericks" (although I am surprised to find out it actually was to be released the same time (aprox) as "Top Gun" and not actually meant to be a poor imitation.) But for all it's worth - I do find myself watching it if it's on and I have the time. It's one of those movies you watch because it's just so ridiculous and tries so desperately to take itself seriously. Like that other "great' film - "Moment by Moment" with John Travolta and Lily Tomlin....don't get me started on that one!
critique9617 Given that a lot of horror films are based on the premise that one or more of the central characters does something stupid at some stage during the proceedings the girls in this film would be collecting Gold Silver and Bronze at a Darwin Awards Olympic ceremony. A mentally disabled baboon would have made better choices than they did and would have screamed a lot less while doing so.<br /><br />If you like films with a grainy picture deliberately amateur camera-work (my 92 year-old grandmother wields a camcorder with better results) extremely poor sound and no discernible plot/narrative then this is your ideal film. Also note that you should enjoy the following: women screaming for no reason women whining for no reason. In fact reason and logic don't appear much in this film. For example: "we have to find Stephanie" "yeah I can't believe I was speaking to her like last night" "she called you last night?" "yeah she wanted to talk about some date she got asked one" "WHAT? How come she didn't tell me"? As in our friend is being chased by a serial killer with a shotgun and an array of grisly weapons but I have a problem with the fact that she didn't tell me she was going on a date.<br /><br />Okay so the budget is low. That doesn't mean you have to make it look like it cost half the budget. The 'score' is interesting since all - with the exception of one - tracks have been written and performed by the writers/directors of the film itself. In fact it would appear that the entire budget has been blown on sampling a track by The Duskfall a death metal band from Sweden.<br /><br />The most worrying thing of all in the entire film is the ending which leaves us with the possibility for a sequel.
critique9618 I shall not waste my time writing anything much further about how every aspect of this film is indescribably bad. That has been done in great detail already many times over. The 'plot' started out as a very uninspiring cockney wide-boy/gangster-by-numbers bore and very quickly descended into an utter shambles. Anybody who pretends that they can see some hidden masterpiece inside this awful mess is just kidding themselves. It is now 7 or 8 years since I watched it during its 1 week run at the cinema before it was pulled yet it sticks in my mind for being easily the most terrible film I have ever seen.<br /><br />I am only making these comments and indeed the only reason I went to see the film is because of the amusing fact that my brother Eddie appeared in it as the second 'heavy' in the pub scene. It was his hands that thrust a zippo lighter towards Rhys Ifan's face in the bar in 'Russia' (it was actually filmed at the former Butlins holiday camp at Barry Island). My brother has absolutely no acting experience whatsoever - he had recently joined an extras' agency and this was his first part. Having seen the film it appeared that nobody in it required any acting experience whatsoever.<br /><br />I remember there were about 8 people in the whole cinema - and this was just a couple of days after it had been released. I have never heard of an other film that was so unpopular and disappeared so fast - and rightly so. In case you were thinking of renting this film on DVD I would advise you instead to put your two pound coins in a fire until they are red-hot then jam them into your eye sockets. This will probably be a lot less painful than watching the film.
critique9619 Left Behind is the kind of "we know what we know cause we know it" movie that Christians (and most any other naive person) needs to help them feel like what they "THINK" and "BELIEVE" (not "KNOW") is right. But at the same time I feel bad for the little guys because this is not a well made film. It does not help ANY message. I work at a video store and I KNOW the ONLY reason people went to see this movie was because they were religious and they thought it was. ANYBODY on this earth who THINKS they know what will happen in the future is wrong unless they think they know that they don't know. I've had about enough (but only after I've had too much) of these people walking around with their noses in the air thinking that a movies starring a semi-talented TV actor means something above me.<br /><br />Please if you love yourself you'll stay away. I refuse to go into any detail about this movie (not because A-I didn't see it (because I did) B-it was too shocking for my atheist-self to handle (because it wasn't) or C-I really don't have anything to say bad about it (because I do). The Reason (which is a word nobody who helped make this movie understands) is that I want this movie out of my head I want that it was made out of my head I want that I watched ALL OF IT WITH AN OPEN MIND out of my head I want the message that Kirk so proudly and coachly gives at the end of the movie out of my head. I only want all the things that were in my head BEFORE viewing this movies there anything directly connected with this movie that's floating in my head GET OUT! My peaceful rage is ending. I'm sorry that somebody in this world went to the theater to see this movie about what could happen in the future (but won't) when they could have given that Seven Dollars Plus to any number of Human Animal or Rain Forest charity. But if they did that then they wouldn't be able to "BELIEVE" in the fact that it's real they might have to fact what is. LEFT BEHIND ZERO (out of ****)
critique9620 If you thought "ROSEMARY'S BABY" was bad this one isn't much better. Easily one of the worst movies ever made like it's lame predecessor it goes nowhere fast. <br /><br />Rating: 1/2* out of *****
critique9621 After sitting through the trainwreck that was the first Dark Harvest movie I couldn't leave bad enough alone. Upon seeing that there was a sequel (or rather what I believed to be a sequel)I had to increase my pain level. Seeing that this had nothing to do with Dark Harvest that should have been a good thing. We didn't get any killer scarecrows in this one instead we got a jackass walking around a cornfield screaming out little things like "Girls!" and "Can you hear me?" every so often. Plus we got two (four if you include the two girls that the director wanted the same effect as the twins in The Shining) obnoxious little girls who couldn't act. And the cherry on top of this mess would have to be the Corn Cop. I should have known this movie was going to be terrible when the dog got an opening credit. How I managed to stay awake through this movie I'll never know.
critique9622 The first 45 minutes of Dragon Fighter are entirely acceptable and surprisingly watchable. The characters are believable and interesting. The cloning lab looks really high-tech. After that it all collapses. The characters start behaving idiotically and a new subplot is introduced from nowhere about a fusion reactor (and this is supposedly "present day") going critical the only plot justification of which is that it is required to kill the dragon - only it doesn't. The finish is incredibly weak. One wonders what made a movie that started out so well turn so wrong.<br /><br />All the characters except Dean Cain are played by Russians. This results in some weird situations and details like the character being played by Vessela Dimitrova being called "Bailey Kent" despite her heavy accent (and despite her on one occasion inexplicably switching to *Spanish*!).<br /><br />Because of the decent start I considered rating this movie a 5 but it really was more disappointing than that so I only give it 4.
critique9623 All I can really say is that I'm glad that I was knitting socks while watching the movie or I would be very angry for having wasted 2 hours of my life. The acting was terrible the plot was even worse. There were some scenes that were meant to be serious that had my husband and I laughing out loud. I highly recommend this movie to people who like to do their own version of MST3K.
critique9624 This movie was horrendous... It had absolutely nothing to do with Dark Harvest. And the DVD was very misleading because it showed a scarecrow and a scythe neither of which appeared in this movie.<br /><br />The beginning was a jumble of random scenes that most of which had nothing to do with the movie except that they sort of show that the man is psychic... but not too well...<br /><br />After the first 10 minutes of the movie there is an hour of just the man character looking for his daughters. It gets vaguely interesting when the daughters meet two girls who died the year before. But that's the extent of it.<br /><br />And why might i ask was this movie rated R? There were two drops of blood and 4 curse words. And how on earth did it get into a video store?? This movie was poorly acted poorly filmed poorly written and overall horribly executed.
critique9625 The stories were pretty weird not really funny and not really cunning. I'm not sure what the point of the stories was .. The first story was actually mostly sick the second was just really really pathetic and the third was only weird (the fake baby was actually quite badly made).
critique9626 Dr. Seuss would sure be mad right now if he was alive. Cat in the Hat proves to show how movie productions can take a classic story and turn it into a mindless pile of goop. We have Mike Myers as the infamous Cat in the Hat big mistake! Myers proves he can't act in this film. He acts like a prissy show girl with a thousand tricks up his sleeve. The kids in this movie are all right somewhere in between the lines of dull and annoying. The story is just like the original with a couple of tweaks and like most movies based on other stories never tweak with the original story! Bringing in the evil neighbor Quin was a bad idea. He is a stupid villain that would never get anywhere in life.This movie is like a rejected comic strip from the newspaper if you think about it. The film sure does look tacky! Sure there are a funny adult jokes like where the cat cuts of his tail and the censor goes off before he says a naughty word mildly funny. At least the Grinch had spunk and the film was actually good! This film is a cartoonish piece of snot with bright colors and bad mediocre acting. Was Mike Myers even in this movie actually? And another thing the fish. What is with that stupid fish! First time you see him he's an actual fish. Next time you see him he's all animated and talking. But he looks like an animated piece of rubber play dough! This film is a total off target wreck. Good joke bad joke bad bad bad good joke! I'm surprised it even had good jokes like the water park ride joke that was good. So please if you have the choice watch the Grinch instead of this mess.
critique9627 total crap.<br /><br />I was kind of excited to see this as it is the only film version I have seen of Mansfield Park. I suffered through the first four episodes but when it came to the proposal scene between Henry and Fanny I snapped and had to turn it off. Whoever employs this Sylvestra Le Touzel lady has got to be both blind and deaf cause the woman is the worst actress I've ever seen in my life. The whole thing is just bad bad bad. I don't know. I just don't know why people who write Jane Austen screenplays seem to be incapable of giving her work the respect it deserves.
critique9628 I can hardly believe that this inert turgid and badly staged film is by a filmmaker whose other works I've quite enjoyed. The experience of enduring THE LADY AND THE DUKE (and no other word but "enduring" will do) left me in a vile mood a condition relieved only by reading the IMDb user comment by ali-112. For not only has Rohmer attempted (with success) to make us see the world through the genre art of 18th century France but as ali has pointed out has shown (at the cost of alienating his audience) the effects of both class consciousness and the revolution it inspired through the eyes of a dislikably elitist woman of her times. The director has accomplished something undeniably difficult but I question whether it was worth the effort it took for him to do so -- or for us to watch the dull results of his labor.
critique9629 Bad bad movie so bad it is worth watching. As long as you watch this movie knowing that it is bad and you'll be spending 2 hours of your time watching a bad movie it's worth it. The special effects are cheesy and the animals look fake and the acting is bad but watching the faces of the actors as they try to look frightened is just very funny. If your sister is about to be eaten by a giant komodo dragon wouldn't you do a little something to try and save her? If she did get eaten wouldn't you fall on your knees crying your heart out? This guy just sat in a chair and ran his fingers through his hair. How anti-climatic is that? Maybe he was supposed to be in shock or something. He does join his sister in the komodo's belly - oh didn't mean to spoil it for you.
critique9630 This latter-day Fulci schlocker is a totally abysmal concoction dealing with an incurable gambler (Brett Halsey) who decides Bluebeard-style to pay off his ever-rising debts by seducing some of the ugliest bitches you will ever lay your eyes on and who just happen to be wealthy widows! The Fulci-penned script also contrives to incorporate a few blackly comedic elements - which only result in some unfunny business involving a corpse which won't stay put an opera singer victim who won't stop singing etc. - not to mention a doppelganger theme straight out of THE STUDENT OF PRAGUE - although in this case the two personas communicate via pre-recorded radio messages!! In the end I can't say I'm surprised that this film shows no sign of the sophistication of Mario Bava's HATCHET FOR THE HONEYMOON (1970) which it resembles in several ways and that it is content to merely pile up the disgustingly gory (but none-too-convincing) effects of dismembered limbs and squashed or melting faces with which alas Fulci had by then become completely associated.
critique9631 Back (again) in Scotland Lassie is (again) on trial for her life. Because the faithful dog sleeps on her master's grave she must be put to death according to law. Oddly it is also explained that Lassie had no "legal" owner which is apparently also against an old Scottish law. If after three days no owner is located dogs must be destroyed. Edmund Gwenn (as John Traill) pleads Lassie's case which leads to an extended flashback showing Lassie's adoption by Donald Crisp (as John "Jock" Gray).<br /><br />Although it's based on an interesting original story ("Greyfriars Bobby") "Challenge to Lassie" revisits several earlier Lassie situations; and it does not improve upon them. Comparatively speaking this one is sloppy and unexciting; and it's a disappointing follow-up to "The Sun Comes Up" (1949) *******. Geraldine Brooks (as Susan Brown) and several of the other performers may be charming but can't elevate this one. Little Jimmy Hawkins (from "It's a Wonderful life") is among the notable children supporting Lassie; much later he will grow up to marry "Dark Shadows"' bewitching "Angelique" (Lara Parker).
critique9632 I think the movie was one sided I watched it recently and find the documentary typical of western movie makers that was biased without substance. The fact is prostitution do exist everywhere in the world not in Tanzania alone and not because of this fish business there prostitutes were there way before the Russian and other business people arrived in Mwanza. Poverty is indeed endemic in Africa let alone Tanzania and this is not because of fish fillet business in fact the fish industry has helped millions to support their families on their daily life. This movie just tarnish the good image of this peace loving country. As for the arms trade the film could not substantiate if there is any truth in that indeed looking critically at the films one is doubting the authenticity of the film maker it seems that their trying to prove their point by using a few characters which can be done for anything really. Yes Tanzania is a poor country yes there are prostitutes and street children but they are not the product this business it is just a common scenario in most poor countries indeed the world over even in the western world...What a load of rubbish.<br /><br />The pilot themselves are talking of sending weapons to Angola which is more than 2000km south of Tanzania and the war was in DRC also miles away from Mwanza the director could not give evidence how these weapons were transported from Mwanza to DRC!<br /><br />In short the films lacks focus and respectability it is quite easy to find the character anywhere in Africa and has nothing to do Darwin's nightmare or fish fillet...What a load of rubbish!<br /><br />The truth is the Nile perch has not decimated all other species in the lake contrary to what the movie portrays and also less than 25% of all catches from lake Victoria are exported the rest is consumed locally so lets get that one right.
critique9633 Okay you hippies are probably wondering what I have against an "education" and "informative" show like "Barney"? Well I have a lot of hate against it for these reasons:<br /><br />1. It teaches that having a personality and individualism is immoral. No one on the show has a personality. Everyone dresses alike talks alike acts alike and dances alike. Even in the episode called "Being an Individual" kids try to tell Barney about what they like and EVERYONE on the planet should do what I like. Do you wanna teach your kid that being an individual is wrong?<br /><br />2. "A Stranger is a FriendYou Haven't Met" Episode. While seemingly harmless the show's producers soonfound that it could also be extremely dangerous for young children. In fact several young Barney-lovers from across the U.S. fell victim to pedophiles who were using the show's friendly message to lure children away from their parents. The episode has since been pulled but the damage had been done. So called "Innocent" mistakes in programming like this one clearly show why parents need to watch television WITH their children.<br /><br />3. IF your not happy all the time you are a bad person. No one seems to show any other emotion but happiness no matter which situation they are in. If the child's parents get mad or sad for some reason the child may think of Mommy or Daddy differently. Not a good message at all.<br /><br />4. Magic solves everything! Seems like every problem is solved by magic. At least in shows like "Fraggle Rock" it teaches us that magic CAN backfire at it is best to solve problems on your own. Does Barney teach this? NO of course not. There HAS to be magic in there. And the problem is a lot of two year olds cannot tell fantasy from reality and might think their parents siblings or relatives can use magic to solve everything yet become confused when they CANNOT use magic and think they are weird. Another boner pulled again.<br /><br />5. Barney makes no distinction between stealing and sharing. He has even specifically said that "stealing is okay if the person you steal from doesn't mind". Kids can learn that if you really want something stealing is a perfectly acceptable way to get it. This is not something that preschoolers need authority figures to tell them.<br /><br />6. "If I just have the right thing I can solve all my problems." Whenever the kids have a problem Barney gives them whatever they need to solve it. The message being sent here is "Don't try to think to solve this! It's too much work and the solution probably wouldn't work anyway. Just use this." Because of this children could stop thinking through things (Barney said it was too much work) and become dependent on the "right" object. (The right shoes the right food the right computer the right exercise machine...) This is obviously a good message for the Barney marketers but it's not good for preschoolers.<br /><br />7. The message that cheating is okay. In another episode the children are involved in a contest to carry a peanut on a spoon without dropping it. One child puts peanut butter on his spoon and easily wins. The child is then rewarded for his creative thinking when the child in fact bent the rules and changed the game so that he could win. This teaches that cheating is good you win and people think that you are creative when in real life you will often be disqualified or worse and severely disliked by other competitors who played by the rules.<br /><br />8. Do the kids in this show eat anything else besides cakes cookies and candy? That teaches that it is okay to eat tons of junk food and avoid healthy food despite Barney's so called "Health Food" song. Other than that EVERYONE in the show eats junk food. No wonder there are so many obese kids in America and Europe.<br /><br />And finally....<br /><br />Most other kids' television shows teach creative problem solving well without having to resort to "magic". Barney could also have done that but instead decided to use the method that was A) best for the marketers and B) took the least time and money for scripts. It's a blatant sellout that shows just how little the Lyons Group actually cares about children.<br /><br />That is my rant for you all.
critique9634 The real surprise of this effortlessly lightweight movie is how such a top notch cast got assembled for what is nothing more than a hammy uninspiring affair. Presumably it was a proverbial snowball rolling down a hill gathering pace and size and shape. One can imagine that by the time Miranda Richardson got contacted by her agent the conversation went along the lines of: 'Do you want to shoot a movie in Dublin scripted by Neil Jordan? Michael Caine and Michael Gambon are already in!' This is a dull 'comedy' that sees Michael Caine and Dylan Moran try and pull off a well-planned hustle where Moran must imitate a London gangland boss (whose arrival is imminent) to collect a sizeable sum of cash from local kingpin Michael Gambon. The rest is simply a forgettable romp that is thankfully over quite quickly. Moran is mildly amusing in places but on this evidence is better suited to life on the small screen in hit comedies such as Black Books. Caine is unchallenged in his role and gives a steady performance without being overstretched. One can only imagine what made him sign up for this movie - it can't even have been a summer in Dublin given that many of the scenes look positively autumnal in the background. Gambon actually steals the show and anyone who has caught some of his performances in the likes of Have I Got News For You will know that he is a wonderfully funny man. But overall the result is disappointing and it seems a lifetime ago that Neil Jordan was making quality movies of the likes of Mona Lisa.
critique9635 1 out of 10.<br /><br />This is the kind of movie that you cant believe you just wasted 2 hours of your life as you see the credits role. I honestly think I could make a better Vampire movie.... and I know nothing. The only thing that does not just suck (harder than a Vampire) is Jason Scott Lee.... his character is at least a little bit cool has some mystery and kicks a little butt.
critique9636 It seems that the intention of the film was to show the aggressive (maffia-like) character of Russians or at least of those Russians able to travel outside their big country; that it is too easy to rob a bank in England; and that British police is so inefficient that it cannot find the person who robbed the bank even when these subjects are leaving the country by air. In addition Nicole Kidman and the supposed Russian colleagues spoke a language not yet identified anywhere probably spoken by Aliens in the Ural mountains but far to be the Russian one. So Nicole if you really want to talk Russian kindly go to Moscow or St. Petersburg and keep yourself busy learning Russian language grammar and its pronunciation.
critique9637 One of the greatest lessons I ever had in how to watch a movie happened this way: <br /><br />I was working in Roger Corman's offices like so many other wanabees before and since I was interning and trying to figure out how it all worked and how to make myself indispensable (hah!). One afternoon Julie Corman Roger Corman's wife and a producer in her own right asked me to load up a tape. I'm not sure why she wanted to watch it. I got the impression it was a student film or a show reel something like that some sort of calling card. Whatever the reasons she had to see it the only free video machine in the offices at the time happened to be in the room I was working in and I was the nearest person to the machine. I started the tape.<br /><br />Fade in: On screen a figure sat at a desk facing the camera. Behind him screen left was a door that opened into the room. Against the far wall was a coat rack. A second character entered through the door and started talking. The first character the guy at the desk turned round to reply (this is all one take static camera there are no cuts pans or dolly shots. Just one locked off camera). The second character turned to hang his coat on the coat rack and delivered his next line. Julie Corman said "I've seen enough." and left the room.<br /><br />What she had seen in the ten seconds of footage she had watched was that the director was an idiot. Opening with two characters who immediately turned their backs to the camera delivering lines? Nope sorry. Next! That's how long you've got. Ten seconds. Cock it up in the opening shot and you are dead.<br /><br />I was reminded of that moment while I watched the opening of this piece of crap. After an interminably long travelogue of jungle we see several monkeys apparently throwing themselves into cages. A man carrying a gun laughs. A jet liner lands and we see it taxi the whole way to the terminal. God this is boring! Cut to the interior of the Airport. Two men meet. Aha! Something is happening! They shake hands. Cut to a different angle of the two men -<br /><br />- and the director crosses the line.<br /><br />The first two shots of the movie that have any kind of spatial relationship with each other and the guy has cocked up. 'Not Crossing The line' is one of those basic rules of movie grammar that keeps the characters from jumping about from side to side on the screen and confusing the audience. Audiences don't like to be confused. Mystified? Baffled? Puzzled and intrigued? Yes. Audiences love all of those. Confused? No. You loose them. They walk out. 'Not Crossing The line' is one of those things they pound into you at film school or should. It's basic stuff. It's not an inviolable rule (there are no inviolable rules) directors break it all the time - but not on the first real cut of the movie.<br /><br />I thought "I've seen enough". And switched off.
critique9638 Since "Rugrats"' falling from the category of good and funny cartoon series to a mediocre and indeed outright horrible fare for two year olds in the past three or four years obviously the tyrants at Klasky-Csupo should be out of ideas. After dumbing down all of the characters adding even stupider new ones replacing some voices (though I like Nancy Cartwright she is NOT Chucky Finster!) and having no sense of continuity (ex.: in a Kimi episode I watched the other day Tommy and Chucky each got a new puppy; but it subsequent episode the aforementioned dogs never appear) you'd think the creators could kill the show for mercy. But noooo.<br /><br />All I will say concerning this special is that it sucks! While not as horrible as the Kimi episodes everyone is even stupider than they were including Grandpa (my God! He used to be the best character on the show but now he has no real purpose). The ending is needlessly fluffy and the only thing different between this and other crappy new episodes ('98-'01) is that the kids can interact with adults. Whoa what fun!<br /><br />No stars at all for "The Rugrats All Growed Up". Klasky-Csupo please DESTROY this show before it gets any worse.
critique9639 ASTROESQUE (2 outta 5 stars)<br /><br />I have no idea what the title is supposed... even less of an idea of what is supposed to be going on in this movie half the time... yet it still kept me sort of interested. This is low low budget film-making along the lines of "El Mariachi" filmed in 16mm... and for what it's worth the shots are very well-composed and visually stylish. Directed written by and starring comic book writer/artist Michael Allred... I guess it's no surprise that the film looks good. Unfortunately some of the acting is beyond bad... and the rest is competent at best. Allred himself comes off the best... but only because he doesn't actually speak much. He just strides around looking cool most of the time... or running from crazed rednecks who are trying to kill him. The sound is also pretty bad... almost as if it was unfinished in places... maybe they couldn't afford to pay for the music they'd planned to use? Strange vaguely science-fictiony plot... similar in tone to "The Man Who Fell To Earth"... but most of the film boils down to a standard run-from-the-bad-guys and kill-them-before-they-kill-you plot. Ultimately too oblique to be successful but not without interest for adventurous movie watchers.
critique9640 never before have i seen such a tale of such talentless hangers on been so ungrateful that their golden goose has failed to lay. these spunk monkeys are parasites and bad examples of friends. i felt sorry for troy as he tried to hook up all of his friends with Hollywood gigs but as soon as things turned sour they all left troy hanging. overnight was a contrived effort of self indulgent retribution on a man who was going up against the forces of Hollywood to retain story integrity. The simple premise of Overnight is to try an communicate the message "look at this guy he blew it all" when in fact he has a strong underground following dealt with harsh blows from friends and executives all in the name of getting a project done in the way he envisioned it. Quite frankly the only productive par that any of these guys played in the overall execution of the Boondock Saints shoot culminated as nothing more than extra bodies in the first bar room scene after that all they did was whine why they weren't a bigger deal based on the clambering of their rancid efforts on top of troys shoulders. (the 2nd half of this was written by Adam j farina)
critique9641 Truly truly awful. I don't even know where to begin. This is a perfect example of a movie that doesn't know what to do with itself. I'm not sure I could even assign a category myself except that I'm quite sure it's a slap in the face of everyone every where. Even the unborn.<br /><br />At times I thought I was watching a parody or some kind of farce. At times just a bad B movie. But I kept holding out for the porno which I fear is almost(but not entirely) non existent.<br /><br />Some one advised skipping to the ending. I would definitely second that emotion. The last five minutes are intense and certainly contain some of the best film making/cgi you will ever see ever.<br /><br />Ed Wood would be proud.
critique9642 Ruggero Deodato is often credited for inventing the cannibal subgenre with JUNGLE HOLOCAUST in 1975. But director Umberto Lenzi usually acknowledged as a Deodato rip-off directed THE MAN FROM DEEP RIVER 3 years earlier in 1972. Is it a worthy start for the genre? Well....not really.....<br /><br />A photographer accidentally kills a man in self-defense and while retreating into the jungles of an Asian country is captured by a native tribe who hold him captive force him into slave labor and eventually accept him when he marries the chief's daughter. Throughout the whole film I never felt this was a horror film. It was more reminiscent of a drama like A MAN CALLED HORSE which I liked better. Ivan Rassimov is pretty good as the photographer but it is Me Me Lai as the chief's daughter who is memorable and great. I have always been a Me Me Lai fan ever since her breathtaking performance in JUNGLE HOLOCAUST and she is never given credit for her acting chops because she hardly speaks in her films. She is still very talented and charming. Lots of real animal mutilation is the one thing about DEEP RIVER that could make it a horror film but even that doesn't execute well.<br /><br />THE MAN FROM DEEP RIVER is good to see for those who want to see what started the cannibal subgenre but as an entry in the genre is easily eclipsed by Deodato's entries and even Lenzi's own later entries. Recommended only for completists and Me Me Lai fans.
critique9643 This movie has some good lines but watching Dillon's less-than-masterful Rourke impersonation just left me wanting to see the original. I like Marisa Tomei but she's no Faye Dunaway.<br /><br />Also in my opinion the number one movie rule is to make the lead character someone you care about. You might not LOVE the character but you should care what happens to him. This is achieved in Barfly with the hilarious running gag about the fights with Eddie the bartender. The main fight in Factotum is when completely unprovoked he stalks up to the Lily Taylor character in a bar punches her to the floor and calls her a whore.<br /><br />The whole thing just didn't work. Again some great lines -- some laugh-out-loud funny -- but as a movie overall it's a fail. Mediocre attempt at reinventing something that was brilliant and you can't get past that. Next? Let's remake Breakfast at Tiffany's with Kate Hudson.
critique9644 This is only the second time I've felt compelled enough to comment at imdb about a film. The first time was for probably the best movie I've ever seen and that was for Memento.<br /><br />Seeing Darkwolf is at the other end of the scale compared to Memento as in the worst film I've had the misfortune to see. Apart from the two scenes containing naked women there is nothing in this movie to raise it from the trash-pile that it is.<br /><br />Let's see apalling effects cliched script bad acting and about 90 minutes too long. My wife and I laughed through most of it in disbelief at how bad. Amazingly I watched it to the end how I did that I don't know! AVOID!!!
critique9645 no way out 2007 was a really bad and if it is the road to wrestlemania they choose the wrong road.<br /><br />Chris Benoit & the hardy boys def MVP & Minn: in my view this was the best match of the night some good wrestling here but not much. 7/10<br /><br />cruisweight championship open(which chavo Guerrero won): awful no high flying at all really quick and boring. 3/10<br /><br />little bastard & Finlay def little bogeyman & the bogeyman: this was more comedy than wrestling some laughs. 5/10<br /><br />Kane def king booker: a decent effort by these two but they could do better. 6/10<br /><br />wwe tag team championship Paul London & Brian Kendrick def deuce & domino:another boring matchno high flying by the champs. 4/10<br /><br />ecw world title Mr Kennedy def bobby lashley (disquilification): in my mind the worst match of the night. truly awful.i thought ecw was no rulesi was wrong 2/10<br /><br />john cena & Shawn Michaels def Batista & the undertaker: an okay match but could have been a hell of a lot better. 6/10<br /><br />overall this was bulls*it id give it a 3/10
critique9646 You know I can take the blood and the sex but that thong bikini shot pretty much did me in. Someone get that girl some pasta before it's too late!<br /><br />And you know it's just not a good idea for a schlock movie to start off by mentioning the much better movie it's ripping off.<br /><br />I gave this one a 2 just because it's marginally better than Tobe Hooper's CROCODILE.
critique9647 Not only was he invariably annoying to listen to but he had NO jokes. I swear some fobby Asian guy telling yo momma jokes would've been funnier than Leary's crap. (Well maybe funny for a couple minutes but at least I'll be able to laugh at least once!) Leary claimed he stopped taking drugs during one of his "jokes"... apparently he was still high on something; he was just some crackhead imprecating rants mostly drug related. One of his jokes was something like 'I wouldn't use crack especially having the same name as between my ass' - Oh man how did he come up with that one?! I swear the only guy that needs to shut the f**k up is Denis Leary. Thank god I didn't have to see him live. This guy totally sucks.<br /><br />If you're easily amused by swearing and "jokes" where you can come up with yourself then waste your time with this junk.
critique9648 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9649 Journalist Bob Woodward's blistering scattershot and sometimes suspect account of actor John Belushi's rise and fall becomes a wholly misjudged movie a nebulous "fantasy" directed by Larry Peerce as if he were doing something edgy and vital. Michael Chiklis (years before his breakthrough on "The Shield") is put in the unenviable position of portraying Belushi taking a post-mortem trip through his life recreating those "Saturday Night Live" skits which are now part of TV history. It's like watching someone try to out-Lucy Lucille Ball--it can't be done. The reason why there was such sorrow at Belushi's death was because he was one of a kind. Chiklis makes a commendable attempt at looking the part and he's funny in an early scene trying to escape from the morgue. Still it's an uphill venture and no actor--no matter how talented--could have saved it. * from ****
critique9650 Dead Man's Bounty (the film's American title) has the look and feel of a classic Italian western. The cinematography costumes and sets look great. The cast is rugged not a pretty face among them. At the beginning I was preparing for a pretty cool movie but what I eventually witnessed was an absolute disaster.<br /><br />The script was perfectly dreadful. There was no suspense whatsoever and very little action or worthwhile drama.<br /><br />Despite looking great the cast spoke (English) with heavy European accents that were often unintelligible.<br /><br />The final nail in it's coffin was the broad streak of pretentiousness that paints most of the picture focusing heavily on the character of the barmaid who's featured in a couple of very awkward sex scenes. Also her speech near the end was pretty repugnant!<br /><br />The only novelty comes from the stunt casting of Val Kilmer in the role of the dead man continuing his recent string of DOA performances!
critique9651 The concept of this made-for-TV horror movie is ludicrous beyond words but hey it was the late 1970's and literally all stupid horror formats were pretty damn profitable so why not exploit the idea of a satanically possessed dog? The plot of "Devil Dog" is easy to describe to fans of the horror genre: simply think of "The Omen" and replace the newborn baby boy with a nest of German Shepard pups! Seriously I'm not kidding that's what the movie is about! During the opening sequence members of some kind of satanic cult buy a female dog in heat only to have it impregnated by Satan himself. You'd think that the Lord of Darkness has other things on His mind than to fornicate with a German Shepard and take over the world one evil puppy at the time but apparently not. Exactly like little Damien in "The Omen" one of the puppies is taken in by model family and grows up to become a beautiful and charismatic animal. But Lucky Ã‚Â– that's the dog's name Ã‚Â– is pure evil and liquidates annoying neighbors and nosy school teachers in derivative and tamely executed ways. He also inflicts his malignant character on the family wife and children but he cannot force the father (Richard Crenna) to stick his arm into a lawnmower because he's a "chosen one". The whole thing becomes too moronic for words when Crenna eventually travels to Ecuador to search for an ancient wall painting and gets advice from an old witchdoctor who speaks perfect English. I guess he learned that living in isolation atop of a mountain his entire life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's the matter with Helen" "Ruby") and lead actor Richard Crenna ("Wait until Dark" "The Evil") desperately try to create a suspenseful and mysterious atmosphere but all is in vain. Scenes like cute puppy eyes spontaneously setting fire to a Spanish maid or a dog dodging bullets without even moving evoke chuckles instead of frights and not even spooky musical tunes can chance that. The "special" effects are pathetic especially near the end when the Satan-dog mutates into an utterly cheesy shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a truly dumb movie but it's definitely hilarious to watch late at night with some friends and loads of liquor. There are entertaining brief cameos of Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as the terrifying cult queen and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car" "The Pack") as the evil fruit vegetable and puppy salesman. And yes that annoying daughter is the same kid who gets blown away complaining about her ice-cream in Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13".
critique9652 Its almost embarrassing to say I even saw this movie. I mean it doesn't take much to make a good zombie movie besides good special effects lots of blood and gore some scary moments and a decent plot. Does House of the Dead 2 do any of these things right? No not one. Of course its not as bad as its predecessor from Uwe Bowle and thats the only thing about this movie that scares me.<br /><br />The dialog in this movie is notorious with such lines as "What do you do for a living?" in response "I kill zombies" and "I was never a disk jockey I was a soldier." The special effects are embarrassing even for a made for TV movie I mean seriously the zombies all look like they have bloody lips are hyped up on crack. The army base in this movie is a parking garage with a desk and a open gated room. This movie is so low budget that they couldn't even get co-ed locker rooms. In fact it seems like this entire movie was filmed in a middle school.<br /><br />Also why is it that the all the female soldiers in this movie are models? And for that matter why is everyone in this movie so clueless at to what is going on that they simply just stand around letting the zombies kill them. Heck one guy even trys to give food to the zombie.<br /><br />Overall this movie makes even the worst of Scifi Channel movies looks fantastic.
critique9653 Nothing will ruin a movie as much as the combination of a poor script and poor direction. This is the case with "The Mummy's Tomb."<br /><br />The script is leftover ideas from older better Universal horror flicks like "Dracula" and "Frankenstein." The direction is trite and stale. The acting is mediocre. Even Chaney's Kharis is feeble compared to Tom Tyler's in "The Mummy's Hand" and the producers are foolish enough to add footage from Christy Cabanne's vastly better prequel and point up the weakness of their own film!<br /><br />Universal realized how bad this movie was and essentially remade it from scratch two years later as "The Mummy's Ghost" with a much better script and better director. The result was likely the best film in their four film "Mummy" cycle although not anywhere near as good as Karl Freund's 1932 original.<br /><br />Cabanne's footage raises this film to a 3. The "new" stuff is a 2 at best. Dick Foran and Wallace Ford were probably glad to see their characters bumped off so they wouldn't have to appear in dreck like this anymore!
critique9654 The premise is interesting and the cast does the best it can but the script and the directorial effort are so poor that it is not surprising that this film was buried--which is fitting given the screenplay. As I watched this I could not decide which was worse the screenplay or the directing. The actors are over the top the art direction looks like a Disney movie the music is contrived and the sentiment so sweet that it gives viewers cavities. It's a bad attempt to imitate "FOur Weddings And A funeral". If one wants to watch comedy that is as flat as a pancake and how poor direction can turn a story into cavity sweetness this is a good one to watch.
critique9655 an very good storyline good thrill to it ... but the 10 last seconds destroyed the whole movie... what happened? extremely well made and an good story destroyed in the last seconds... sorry to say but a 1 in vote... thats what it it deserve i would think that Chris Shadley could come up with a better end... but maybe next time : ) all this meaningless blood gore for nothing? the end would lift the story to close to a 10 but it didn't.... the end destroyed the whole story i think most people aren't lame and when they goes a movie thy want a good end even if it is intricate ... but the only lame here is the end... sorry
critique9656 This movie totally sucked!!! Don't even rent it! You'll hate it! The plot didn't make sense the characters sucked and why was that penguin trying to get the pebble anyway? If that girl penguin would only like him because he has a pretty pebble than the relationship would not be based on love only on money! I very much disliked this movie(Hate is such a strong word!). And penguins cant fly! Even if they believe than they can do it they cant. p.s. I am not who you think I am!
critique9657 Although the director tried(the filming was made in Tynisia and Morocco)this attempt to transport the New Testament in the screen failed.The script has serious inaccuracies and fantasieswhile the duration is very long.But the most tragic is the protagonist Chris Sarandonwho doesn't seem to understand the demands of his role.
critique9658 A montage prologue quite obviously manufactured by the blessed maniacs who actually chose to distribute this thing tries to convince us that the comic impact of this staggeringly incompetent bit of nothing is entirely deliberate. Don't you believe it: this is to Lloyd Kaufman as Andy Warhol is to Herschel Gordon Lewis. It is so thoroughgoing in its project of torturing its hypothetical audience that it seems like some kind of misanthropic negationist art installation only it can't be because it is so completely bereft of self-consciousness. As obnoxious and ugly as "Things" or "Frozen Scream" this manages to up the ante by recycling itself with a maddeningly bald insistence that has to be seen to be believed. A Hitchcock-style shot-by-shot analysis of say the attack on the cardio girls might yield twenty edits and perhaps three minutes of footage - only the sequence is ten minutes long! You WANT to believe that this started life as a slightly more bearable short subject except if you took away the repetition what's left would be far less fascinating: eg. when the 'fiend' does enter the room he only inspires extended highly apathetic utterly blank stares from his imminent (offscreen) victims. Repeat this scenario about four times in marginally varied settings; bridge these with perhaps thirty lines of dialogue total; offer up actors even more hateful and lethargic than those in the above mentioned classics; and grace us with a monster comprising gauze ketchup and one yellow Spock ear and you've got a movie too mind-boggling to refuse a working definition of bad. I'm proud to own it!
critique9659 I am a fan of the paranormal and I love Ghost Hunters so when this show first came out I decided to give it a try. I could barely sit through one episode. The show is so obviously staged. I mean come on every single episode involves someone being possessed or involves a demonic force trying to kill the family. Another huge flaw is that these guys never debunk anything. When I watch Ghost Hunters they find evidence and try to disprove it and if they can't then it is evidence. On this show they find a voice or a piece of video evidence and they are very quick to call it a ghost. This completely ruins their credibility unlike TAPS and Ghost Hunters who actually know what they're doing. Honestly if you're interested in the paranormal and want to watch a show about it watch Ghost Hunters.
critique9660 This was the worst movie I have ever seen. I have to admit I didn't watch it from beginning to end as cleaning the toilet was more entertaining.<br /><br />The 'star' was the most unpleasant character I've ever seen neither funny nor attractive in fact creepy and obnoxious are far too complimentary.<br /><br />It is painful to watch there is no acting especially not from the star who behaves as a doped up mentally deficient take off on one of those loud mouthed black actors.<br /><br />As horrible as it is to watch one of those can't shut up black actors watching a Puerto Rican one is even worse. <br /><br />The name of the movie is descriptive he is the pest. This movie is a must miss.
critique9661 I just finished reading a book about Dillinger. This movie was horribly inaccurate. It's like they got a list of names and just made everything up. His robberies and getaways were well planned down to the second - when the time was up they left whether they had all of the money or not. They had notes of every road where to turn etc. Purvis never saw him at the restaurant he was told that Dillinger paid for his meal after Dillinger left. Purvis never even SAW Dillinger before the night Dillinger was killed only photos of him. The way his gang members died were fictitious. Dillinger never robbed a bank by himself like he did in this movie. If I had never read the book maybe I could have enjoyed the movie. The acting was a bit over the top in places. The action was overdone as well. On second thought I doubt if I would have enjoyed it much even if I HADN'T read the book.
critique9662 A paranoid scientist creates a wolfman by transfusing wolf blood into a meek quiet but very large gardener in order to prove an hypothesis. So the gardener begins nightly rampages and the scientist tries to use him to reclaim his credentials but is rebuffed by his former colleagues for tampering with nature. Island of Dr Moreau Frankenstein and various wolfman films all blended together into a terribly dated goofy morality play.<br /><br />Though the subject matter is pedantic and unoriginal at best this film is not too poorly made and interesting to watch as a representative of horror film making of its time. Like most mad scientist films this is a weak warning against fooling around with Mother Nature. It doesn't have the power or intellectual challenges of Frankenstein but it doesn't ever extend its reach anyway. The acting is passable as is the cinematography and the film moves along at an entertaining clip. Some of the dialog is utterly ludicrous but hey... it's just a movie - and a B minus one at that. There are also a few nice shots of a wolf and a smattering of humor tossed-in to prevent the film from appearing to take itself too seriously - always a plus for this genre.
critique9663 The mod squad gets started 'after' the formation of the 'Mod Squad' without even bothering to develop any of the characters or show us why anyone is doing what they are doing.<br /><br />Moreover most of the events in the movie seem ancillary to the plot. Without even a smack of character development the plot meanders from Gen-X club scenes to action scenes and back again.<br /><br />
critique9664 I really wanted to like this western being a fan of the genre and a fan of "Buffalo Bill" "Wild Bill Hickok" and "Calamity Jane" all of whom are in this story! Add to the mix Gary Cooper as the lead actor and it sounded great. <br /><br />The trouble was.....it wasn't. I found myself looking at my watch just 40 minutes into this being bored to death. Jean Arthur's character was somewhat annoying and James Ellison just did not look like nor act like "Buffalo Bill." Cooper wasn't at his best either sounding too wooden. This was several years before he hit his prime as an actor.<br /><br />In a nutshell his western shot blanks. Head up the pass and watch another oater because most of 'em were far better than this one.
critique9665 This is a new approach to comedy. It isn't funny.<br /><br />The joke is that this in and of itself is supposed to be funny.<br /><br />The story is based on a French short story located in Paris and the characters have French names. Louis Aubinard for example ... played by ... Bob Hoskins? The movie also stars the equally French Jeff Goldblum and Natasha Richardson. The situations are similar to and the characters perform as if in those Carry-On movies from years back.<br /><br />I believe these are also jokes - to cast these actors who make no attempt to act French in any way to have them cavort in the manner of broad English dance hall comedy and to leave the whole bloomin' mystery unexplained to the audience.<br /><br />In the humour department this is practically the Algonquin Round Table isn't it?<br /><br />The movie tries to be charming and quirky and I guess these characteristics are sort of funny. Not as funny as Duck Soup or Love and Death perhaps but funnier than The Deer Hunter or The Battleship Potemkin.<br /><br />It is an example of personal filmmaking. It makes no real effort to reach out and share with the audience but stays true to its premise and its internal logic. Although all the situations are unbelievable they are logical within the film's own bizarro world.<br /><br />I generally like this kind of eccentric movie but I found this one to be paced too slowly to be dull-witted tedious and to provide too few pleasurable surprises or genuine wit. It just kind of meanders in predictable and sophomoric ways and wastes some wonderful talents along the way. It has to be the low point in the career of each of the major stars who are all otherwise distinguished players. I found it to be the biggest waste of talent since The Betsy and I wish I had never seen Goldblum and Hoskins in this thing.<br /><br />So call it an interesting miss and pass on it as a rental unless you really have a lot of time to kill.<br /><br />
critique9666 What a shame that a really competent director like Andre de Toth who specialized in slippery shifting alliances didn't get hold of this concept first. He could have helped bring out the real potential especially with the interesting character played by William Bishop. As the movie stands it's pretty much of a mess (as asserted by reviewer Chipe). The main problems are with the direction cheap budget and poor script. The strength lies in an excellent cast and an interesting general concept-- characters pulled in different directions by conflicting forces. What was needed was someone with vision enough to pull together the positive elements by reworking the script into some kind of coherent whole instead of the sprawling awkward mess that it is (try to figure out the motivations and interplay if you can). Also a bigger budget could have matched up contrasting location and studio shots and gotten the locations out of the all-too-obvious LA outskirts. The real shame lies in a waste of an excellent cast-- Hayden Taylor (before his teeth were capped) Dehner Reeves along with James Millican and William Bishop shortly before their untimely deaths. Few films illustrate the importance of an auteur-with-vision more than this lowly obscure Western which in the right hands could have been so much more.
critique9667 Not even original in the plot. Ho hum. There were a couple of angles that could have been quite interesting but the film follows the path of 90% of Hollywood movies. I don't really "get" Samuel Jackson's acting most of the time in his other films but he was rather good in this film. He rarely yelled and went much further in his character rather than reverting to an "in your face anger." I liked Eva Mendes - as usual - and even though she is great eye candy she proves herself to be much more than that as an actress. Luis Guzman was actually really good also except that I disliked the change of his character towards Samuel Jackson at the end of the film. How can one's character center around a dislike for a former cop and then turn into lollipop land within a split second? Is there no original thought left in Hollywood?
critique9668 After I couldn't ignore the hype about the show I started watching season one and it struck me as really good and I was hooked.... for about 5 episodes then it started to spiral downwards. Why? First Ethan Suplee is scripted to act as a complete idiot confirming that very obviously by spewing out semi-random stuff in great expectations of it somehow becoming the next best joke.<br /><br />Jaime Pressly's got stunning looks but if she thinks stretching lips to explore parts of the face to which they normally never go to and making strange grimaces to accentuate everything she says is hilarious she's way off track. Maybe she thought her character would be too flat faded and she wanted to make it colorful and spicy but made a flood of colors overkill of spices and screams out loud for attention and it hurts my eyes ears and intellect.<br /><br />I really really wanted to love this show like I said the premise is great (comes from the same shelf as The Fabulous Destiny of Amelie Poulain) and Jason Lee is doing a pretty good job here along with some of the other actors but there is no way no how I would get 'sucked in' and forget that this is just a show because Pressly's and Suplee's surreal extreme characters abruptly wake me when they show up. It's worth to note that their characters and acting would be fine if this wasn't a 70 something-part series and if they didn't get that much screen time.
critique9669 I remember watching this on prime time when I was about 7 years old. I was a huge comic book reader at the time and anything relating to superheroes was anticipated heavily. The end result however was underwhelming.<br /><br />I was aware of the "Emma Peel" Diana Prince stories as they had only recently come to an end and Diana was returned to her Amazonian form. However there was so little action that I was bored throughout most of the movie. The final costume was an interesting idea but looked more like a cheerleader than a superhero.<br /><br />I saw the movie again in my late teen years. It hadn't improved much. Cathy Lee Crosby was more familiar thanks to That's Incredible but her acting was no better. The script had a few good ideas like the rogue Amazon and a decent villain in Ricardo Montalban but it just didn't come together and was still boring.<br /><br />I think they should have built the back story better and built the show into a more epic climax. It was too much like a bland spy film crossed with a superhero story written by someone who had never seen a comic book. The Amazon elements were intriguing but needed to be expanded.<br /><br />The film did succeed in forcing producers to go back to the drawing board and come up with something more faithful if a bit too camp and low budget. The budget was also pretty low here and superheroes don't come cheap.<br /><br />It would be nice to have the movie available on DVD if only as a comparison and historical document. Even Superman 4 is available and it has nothing over this film (except Chris Reeve and Gene Hackman). It's worth seeing for curiosity sake and for a bit of inspiration and caution for future versions.
critique9670 ***SPOILER*** Do not read this if you think about watching that movie although it would be a waste of time. (By the way: The plot is so predictable that it does not make any difference if you read this or not anyway)<br /><br />If you are wondering whether to see "Coyote Ugly" or not: don't! It's not worth either the money for the ticket or the VHS / DVD. A typical "Chick-Feel-Good-Flick" one could say. The plot itself is as shallow as it can be a ridiculous and uncritical version of the American Dream. The young good-looking girl from a small town becoming a big success in New York. The few desperate attempts of giving the movie any depth fail such as the "tragic" accident of the father the "difficulties" of Violet's relationship with her boyfriend and so on. McNally (Director) tries to arouse the audience's pity and sadness put does not have any chance to succeed in this attempt due to the bad script and the shallow acting. Especially Piper Perabo completely fails in convincing one of "Jersey's" fear of singing in front of an audience. The only good (and quite funny thing) about "Coyote Ugly" is John Goodman who represents the small ray of hope of this movie.<br /><br />I was very astonished that Jerry Bruckheimer produced this movie. First "Gone In 60 Seconds" and now this... what happened to great movies like "The Rock" and "Con Air"? THAT was true Bruckheimer stuff.<br /><br />If you are looking for a superficial movie with good looking women just to have a relaxed evening you should better go and see "Charlie's Angels" (it's much more funny entertaining and self-ironic) instead of this flick.<br /><br />Two thumbs down (3 out of 10).
critique9671 This movie was pointless. I can't even call it sci-fi since that requires more from a movie than merely taking place in space. "Max Q" isn't even set in space for the entire movie. The story/plot is unoriginal the cast isn't anything to write home about although it would be strange with a top cast in a mediocre film... Furthermore it's not particularly exciting or well-told. At least it's evenly balanced in a low quality sort of way in that nothing or no one stands out. Everything is equally bland. I usually find some quality in "space flicks" even if it's just 90 minutes of semi-lame entertainment bordering on low-budget pathetic but "Max Q" didn't even give me that satisfaction. All in all  a complete waste of time.
critique9672 There should be a rule that states quite clearly that movies like Resident Evil are supposed to be made in the spirit of the game not in the spirit of blowing up everything possible. RE was a survival horror game and a damn effective one at that yet Paul WS Anderson managed to make it like any other video game movie to come along. Alone in the Dark is essentially the same kind of a spirit as Resident Evil so of course there is the slight hope the director will manage to have some piece of a brain enough to make a horror movie and not an action movie. Instead Alone in the Dark just proves that there is no longer hope for video games becoming movies.<br /><br />The plot despite the fact that it obviously isn't supposed to matter is the largest of many problems with the movie. The movie starts with what can only be described as five minutes of scrolling text that may or may not be important as after a minute passes the audience stops caring and just sits through the rest hitting the object closest to them. Then there's something about an orphanage some artefacts an ancient tribe some bureaucracy and some demons all of which get so jumbled together that the viewers really can't follow with what is going on. Characters move in and out of the plot like candy some having huge build-ups for meaningless deaths. Basically what I can understand is that some demons got released and Edward Carnby (Slater) has some link to them thanks to some operation given to children in his orphanage which has failed on him. He finds an artefact involving the demons and brings it to an ex-girlfriend anthropologist (Reid) who of course he manages to have sex with right away for no good reason. Then out of nowhere all hell breaks loose and the pair end up with a military team led by some asshole commander (Dorff) who apparently has a mutual hatred for Carnby.<br /><br />It's all ridiculous and the reason I don't really understand it isn't just because it's complicated and jumbled but it leaves no room for anyone to really care. Instead I highly recommend that if you must see this film bring a tennis ball or something to occupy yourself when the plot manages to bore you into confusion.<br /><br />The action scenes in a movie with a plot as terrible as this should at least bring it up a little right? Too bad this movie is like any other ruined crap ever made with enough quick cuts to behead a coop of chickens. Considering that this is based on a horror game not an action game it is especially annoying.<br /><br />The first action scene involving a man chasing Cranby from a taxi is among the worst I have ever had to witness and the rest isn't all that great either. The demons look somewhat cool though the fact that they turn into powder when killed takes away all that effect. Scenes involving lots of guns which should be cool to watch instead involve the muzzle fire as the only source of light and the camera zooming and panning faster than the head of a crack addict. It's all the kind of seizure inducing crap that keeps children in bed at night.<br /><br />The acting is what I like to call taking actors and making them do nothing. Slater does nothing but sound important for the whole movie though he does seem to have more talent than he is letting on. The same is true of Dorff who gets a thankless role despite actually having some talent (something that has happened to him a lot). Reid is pretty much exactly what she should be background sex appeal as whenever she tries to act it is a disaster (as is the incredibly bad scientist look she has in the beginning).<br /><br />In all this is the type of movie that worries me about future video game movies. If they keep ruining the spirit like this it's only a matter of time before Samus Aran is killing Middle-Easterns with an AK-47 and Tommy Vercetti is fighting a squadron of aliens. Unlike Resident Evil however this one doesn't deserve a second chance as I don't think anything could possibly help me forget just how terrible this movie is. It's bland uninteresting and unexciting. This is the movie equivalent of diarrhea; it's all thrown together nothing really fits and in the end you're just glad it's over.<br /><br />TOTAL: 4%
critique9673 Carl Panzram lived an amazing life and scribbled down his memoirs on scraps of paper for possibly the only person who ever did anything selfless for him. The book "Panzram: A Journal of Murder" by Thomas E. Gaddis and James O. Long which came out the better part of a century after Panzram's death gives the historical context to a first-generation American's account of running away from home to go west and be a cowboy getting caught thrown in the boy's home getting away repeatedly and thrown into prison over and over all the time getting tortured and sodomized. As Panzram grew huge and strong he sought to take revenge for the wrong done to him as he traveled to South America Europe and Africa and it didn't matter what people he raped robbed or murdered because we are all equally worthless.<br /><br />This film casts skinny James Woods as the rough neck mean-ass son of a bitch Carl Panzram who in the film is a "drunk" overly-dramatic and emotional and who never mentions the joy of sodomizing men and boys. The film neither elaborates on anything else particularly of note about this world traveler and career prisoner (like robbing former President Taft or being released from the Oregon prison as long as he gave his word to return). In short I don't think Carl would be too happy.
critique9674 I'm not going to approach and critique the theories of RAW. I mean this is a site about movies and whether the movie delivers or is well-made and not a site debating philosophy.<br /><br />Having said that this video really blows. It's one talking-head shot of RAW after another. Some of it is archival video so you can see how he has aged over the years and that's pretty cool. But otherwise the viewing experience is relentlessly monotonous.<br /><br />It's a strange comparison but I kept thinking of the Sunday afternoon when I watched some of the Barbra Streisand star vehicle *Funny Lady* (another really bad movie). After a while I was so OD'd on Barbra I kept wishing there would be one scene that she wouldn't appear in: you know a "meanwhile other characters in the movie were up to something else..." moment. But it was all about Barbra. Well this video is RAW's *Funny Lady*. <br /><br />So if your idea of a good time is to look at multiple takes and angles of the face of RAW while he prattles on with his theories assembled in a lame structure that doesn't add any interest or insight then be my guest. For me I couldn't take it after 20 minutes.
critique9675 I don't remember too much about this movie except that there was a distinctly gratuitous destruction of luminaires (lamps). Almost every fight scene included the unnecessary and wanton destruction of useful light fixtures even if outfitted with cheesy '70's-style cylindrical shades to keep with the time setting of the story. On one occasion raucous lamp destruction takes place in a domestic fight scene between the brothers in both the living and dining rooms of their mother's house with fixtures in both rooms being taken out. Yet the most malicious destruction occurs moments later in a bookie's office and includes but is not limited to the toppling of a fixture with a ceramic horse-head base which is consequently disintegrated and the severe denting of a cylindrical shade as a guy falls back into it during another fisticuffs fight. Later that lamp is toppled as well when the guy is shot incurring further damage to the plastic-coated shade.<br /><br />While this movie encourages a particularly wasteful attitude toward lamps one should keep in mind that lamps regardless of their cheap construction or gauche top-heavy appearance are still valuable for the illumination that they provide. However if you ever feel the need to vicariously smash a lamp I would highly recommend this movie.
critique9676 I rented this movie the other day b/c I love romance stories but this has got to be the worst one I have ever seen in my life. I find it hard to believe that Sam would fall in love with Kelley after they've said hardly no more than 2 words to each other when she has a great long-time boyfriend who's devoted to her completely. I thought Kelley was a major jerk throughout the movie and he never changed at all. The only good thing about the movie was Josh Hartnett. I thought he did a wonderful acting job and I'm going to start watching more movies of his.
critique9677 This film has so little class in comparison to Strangers on a Train or even Accidental Meeting for that matter that despite plot similarities I wouldn't feel right in actually comparing this to either of them. The Yancy Butler character came across as such a dopey dimwit I was too embarrassed for the writer and director to continue watching.<br /><br />I don't enjoy many Lifetime movies but feel compelled to watch one every now and then in the interest of promoting harmony at home. I often groan silently but this film caused me to protest out loud stand up leave the room and walk around the house mumbling to myself before I returned to my normally favorite chair to subject myself to more torture.<br /><br />Dean Morgan Rochester NY
critique9678 I rented this movie because I was browsing through the horror movie section for those movies that no one's heard of and could be a possible gem. I saw this and since I'm a fan of violence and gore I got it. It got the rating of EM which means: Extremely Mature. Thinking that this rare and high rating was totally meant for violence and everything else I got it. The warning on the box said: Extreme Violence Extreme Langauge and Nudity. The "extreme violence" struck my fancy. The movie ended being a pretty tame slasher flick. It had one or two gory scenes but I've seen worse in a PG-13 movie. Of course the amount of gore in a movie isn't all that counts right? You have plot also. Well the plot was boring and there nothing really special about it. Don't rent it. I speak the truth. I can't imagine how someone could really enjoy it to the point where they say: "I'm gonna rent that again." It had it's moments where it kept you going but I'm never going to see that film again.
critique9679 Ask the Dust looked intriguing from the trailer and we especially like all of the actors. Unfortunately the movie was not compelling enough to be considered drama and it wasn't funny enough to be a comedy. It practically seemed to satirize itself and to no entertaining effect. After seventy minutes of waiting for this thing to get better my wife and I walked out valuing not having wasted any more time on such nonsense. It simply was not interesting moving funny nor artistic. It appears as though it were written produced and directed by a high school kid; worse yet it was such a shameful waste of otherwise extraordinarily talented actors not to mention our time and money.
critique9680 I am not even willing to vote a single star for this crap but IMDb does't have zero as rating option... worst movie i have ever watched.. Story of the movie 1. Predator ship crashes on earth 2. One alien and some face huggers are released and they start killing humans. 3. One predator arrives on earth and he starts killing aliens and humans. 4. Then one human jet drops a bomb and kills human aliens and predator. 5. Some humans find the shoulder canon of the predator. 6. The End Directors should consider refunding money back to the viewers. If still you want to watch this movie download from some torrent site and say thanks to me for saving you money.. all the movie has been filmed in some dark corner of the earth you see just dark shadows even in action scenes.. too much violence.. I didn't expect it from a fox movie
critique9681 83 minutes? Nope this thing is 72 minutes tops.<br /><br />If you cannot guess the killer in this movie you had better throw your TV out the window because you ain't learned nothing in 20+ years of cinematic slasher history.<br /><br />And how come the plain star who never gets naked is always the one you want to get naked?
critique9682 'Rise of the Footsoldier' follows the unrelentingly cruel journey of gangster Carlton Leach and his associates through drugs violence sex violence guns violence and did I mention violence?<br /><br />Protagonist Carlton Leach (Ricci Harnett) member of the I.C.F (Inner City Firm); a group of football hooligans turned professional gangsters guides the audience through the events leading to the 1995 'Range Rover Killings' in which three gang members fell victim to particularly vicious professional 'hits'. Leach's success as a doorman and talent for locating aptly violent friends to control unruly punters at a local nightclub launches him into the company of notorious drug dealers and gangsters profitably benefiting from the 80s/90s rave scene and drug culture.<br /><br />Opening with brutally realistic shots of the dead men the viewer is left thirsty to understand what happened but left wholly unsatisfied. The next 2 hours meander through a series of countless character introductions. Each of these basically establishes yet another typical 'hard man' shows him assaulting usually undeserving victims before probably coming to an even nastier end. What little emotional understanding the audience is allowed to form for a few of the characters (for example a family man blamed for missing drugs) is quickly destroyed when they are either anti-climactically killed or their storyline left unresolved. The hints of a plot introduced in the beginning are inadequately concluded with vague impressions of how the murders occurred as the events are slotted into place with little reward for persevering with the hazy muddle of previous events. <br /><br />This film has been made with a standard formula in mind for an audience who prefer violence and 'ard nut' slang to an actual storyline. 'Rise of the Footsoldier' borrows too much from 'Football Factory' leaving out the good bits demonstrating no moral ramifications of hooligan subculture or establishing empathy with the protagonist. The violence although brilliantly shot seems excessive and implausible because no one is around long enough for the audience to form an emotional attachment. The implication that the gangs are untouchable by the police is fair enough but machete-wielding doormen regularly committing blatant murder in public places pushes the imagination of even the most willing viewer. The audience are left bewildered as to the relevance of many key events and developed characters that had no knock on effect on the eventual conclusion. Attempted 'gritty-realism' is further destroyed with a substance called 'Truth Serum' which the Turkish Mafia use to coax honest answers from unwilling individuals. This is NOT the genre in which to invent psychologically unrealistic drugs and renders the interrogation almost absurd.<br /><br />The actual scenes of violence (before becoming repetitive) hold some tension spliced with rapid flashes of colour or the end of a film reel. Seamlessly choreographed brawls coupled with obligatory but effective shaky hand-held camera work saves the film but unfortunately the plot (or lack there of) limits it to a niche demographic.<br /><br />In essence the events this film is based on aren't deservedly represented and an adequately sequential storyline is sacrificed for stereotypical characters and an unoriginal plot. This film has a place in the market but if you like a bit of brain with your brutality this one isn't for you. <br /><br />http://www.obsessedwithfilm.com/
critique9683 K Murli Mohan Rao made the much better BANDHAN in 1998 This film is an awful remake of THE WEDDING SINGER<br /><br />Basically in short the film consists of: Salman Khan who in those days used to have the role of a dejected lover who looses his girl and also he had his comic scenes where he hammed badly even today he does well he does it all here too and also looses his shirt in scenes<br /><br />Jackie Shroff- wasted bored and tired his role is so stupid He is shown as a lover of Pooja Bhatra then in 1 scene he is shown as a womanizer?<br /><br />Inder Kumar- confusing characterization again<br /><br />Rani Mukherjee- boring overweight and does nothing special Pooja Bhatra- tall fair and actress worthy but lacks talent<br /><br />Kashmira Shah- says a dial as if a poetry<br /><br />Mohinish Behl- poor fellow the 2 kids were awful too<br /><br />The story is the same and has awful comic scenes a sudden love story and boring drunken scenes plus a forced comic track of Shakti Kapoor<br /><br />Direction is poor Music is decent<br /><br />Salman khan just goes through the motions Jackie is bad Rani is as usual Pooja is bad Mohinish and Kashmira are nothing great Inder is awful
critique9684 Wow! That James Purefoy looks exactly like Thomas Jane!<br /><br />That's the most profound thought I took with me after having seen the rather underwhelming George And The Dragon. For a fantasy comedy the story was very dull and the effects unspectacular.<br /><br />The problem wasn't the acting. James Purefoy makes a good knight and his various side-kicks are not bad characters. I even thought Patrick Swayze in this role was a pretty good idea too. Flat-chested Piper Perabo also had some nice potential. I even liked the kid.<br /><br />But the story and everything that happens and the *way* it happens was just "eh". Not interesting. Compared to another recent fantasy comedy Ella Enchanted which was actually funny this movie comes up terribly short. I'm sorry for the decent actors who were in this yawn-inducing trudgery.<br /><br />4 out of 10.
critique9685 Dire beyond belief. Obviously set on the Isle of Man masquerading as the US - very badly - and full of cut-rate British actors who can't do American accents. A monster that looks like an unarticulated promotional cut-out for Alien from a movie store with the most inflexible feet ever seen. Girls in the shower undressing catfighting blah blah blah. You get the idea. Don't watch it run away hide AVOID.
critique9686 This film was made in Saskatchewan and Manitoba Parks and returned the world eye again to what little of the "Wild Western Canada" is left. When Archie began to write his stories for the papers; the thought of the day was to tame the wilderness and convert/absorb the First Nation Peoples.<br /><br />The film puts forward and asks the question; why would a well-educated obviously talented Englishman become an Indian?<br /><br /> Archie as an English boy dreams about becoming something but grasping the full meaning of that dream is unique and priceless - no mater what it is. Sounds like a famous puppet story doesn't it.<br /><br /> In my opinion I saw Archie become my living image of the "Cigar store Indian" a very wooden character and not real at all - very well done acting on the part of Mr. Brosnan. He also portrayed the wild Indian in the dance scene for the tourist. The fullness and or reality of it weren't realized till he met and married his wife Annie.<br /><br /> Annie pushed Archie in a direction that would bring him to the forefront of the Englishman's world stage not as himself but Grey Owl -an Canadian Native of the wilderness frontier.<br /><br /> This is the closest Archie get to becoming the noble savage prototype.<br /><br /> Mr. Brosnan's interpretation as well as the directors is both well done. I have watched documentaries on Grey Owl and I think this is a good big screen movie to add to my collection.<br /><br />Spoiler - I thought the final scenes with Archie going to meet the Grand Council of Chiefs was a great a great moment in the film.<br /><br /> Very beautiful Canadian lake scenery and real "Grey Owl" locations.<br /><br />
critique9687 The BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most cherished books but in this animated adaptation the magic just isn't there. This version remains pretty faithful to Dahl's original story so one can't lay the blame on John Hambley's script. If anything the fault lies with the colourless animation the lethargic pace and the generally lacklustre voice-overs. One would be right to expect this story to make for a happy vibrant fun-filled movie..... instead the film is a hopelessly dull affair that becomes quite tedious to watch. Children who are not familiar with the story should definitely read the book first! All the film will achieve is to put them off read what is actually a children's' classic.<br /><br />Young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in a none-too-friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of Mrs Clonkers. One evening she is peering through the window when she spots a massive figure walking stealthily down the village street. The figure realises it has been seen so it reaches in through the window and scoops Sophie from her bed placing her into its enormous pocket before fleeing into the night. Sophie soon discovers that she has been kidnapped by a giant from Giant Country and fears that he will eat her. But to her relief he turns out to be a kind and sensitive member of his species who introduces himself as the BFG (voice of David Jason). The BFG refuses to eat people instead restricting himself to foul-tasting vegetables known as snozzcumbers. However Giant Country is populated by numerous other giants who DO feast - every night as it happens - on poor unsuspecting humans. Sophie and the BFG become great friends and soon they come up with a plan to thwart the other giants. Together they go to the Queen of England (voice of Angela Thorne) with their remarkable story and beg her to send the army and the air force to fight the man-eating giants. The Queen agrees and so begins a dangerous operation to capture the bad giants before they can harm anyone else.<br /><br />Jason voices the BFG quite well (one of the few pluses in the film) but his good work is almost ruined by somewhat poor sound quality. The rest of the voice work is decidedly uninspired with very little to bring the characters to life. Similarly the BFG is the only character that is imaginatively animated - Sophie lacks appeal and the giants are boringly designed (and look almost indistinguishable from each other). Even the places are uninventive; Giant Country especially comes up short being nothing more than a barren wasteland with occasional rocks and canyons. At 88 minutes the film is not exactly lengthy yet it drags quite badly in parts due to the soporific handling of several sequences. Little of Dahl's mischievous humour is conveyed satisfactorily. One chapter in the book deals with the BFG's love of "whizzpopping" (farting) and is laugh-out-loud hilarious. In the film the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling. I came to the The BFG expecting lots of zest fun and enjoyment but what I got was pretty much the opposite! This one is a failed misfire that simply doesn't match the calibre of the book in any department - unfortunately therefore it must go down as one to skip.
critique9688 Effort aside (This isn't a review about good intentions its about the final product) this film is poorly written overacted and poorly directed. The story obviously had potential but that story is nowhere present in this film.<br /><br />Clara Barton was a human being. She had passions desires love pain embarrassment weakness and self doubt just like the rest of us. You would never know that from this film of the lead actress's performance. In fact apply that to every character in the film but in Barton's case: Every sentence is a speech. An epic over the top speech as though from an inhuman robot. In fact the only scene that plays well in one in the board meeting and I realized thats because she's making a speech! Every idea she has is unbelievable in its context and she comes up with ideas that sound like they take a lifetime of soul searching right on the spot. For example when she sees a wounded man she'll start pontificating about the needs of the battlefield and to protect soldiers and putting up white flags etc. As played in the film there's no WAY she could come up with such a detailed well thought out idea in seconds.<br /><br />IN conclusion this film robs Clara Barton of her struggles. It robs her of her humanity and it inherently cheapens all she did because the script is written in clichÃƒÂ©s. The writer doesn't know Clara Barton and seems to have based his script on an encyclopedia Britannica article. (yes they had those back then) But hey nice Technicolor! (who cares)
critique9689 About 15 minutes in my wife was already wanting to leave. Not so much because of the material but the lack thereof. They decided to fill in the blanks where the funny stuff should've been with as much language and absolutely vulgar talk as they could. When this would let up (very rare) we'd sit back and watch (not laughing mind you) and wait for the next gross-out or offensive remark(s). After about 35 minutes we both got up and left. Everything we'd read said how great this was. The trailer looked good and Roger Ebert actually called it "intelligent" and said it wasn't a crude sex comedy. Did he go to the right movie? Along with Be Cool it's the only other movie I've ever walked out on...and I have no regrets. I'm sick of trying to go see comedies in America.
critique9690 It's not just that this is a bad movie; it's not only that four of the "best" Mexican movie makers are in this film; and it's not only that the script is terrible. It's just that...this movie sucks...big time. This people are wasting money in terrible scripts. It's supposed to make a criticism about Mexican society but we're fed up with this kind of films. Is bad language supposed to be funny? I don't get it. Mexican cinema is in big trouble if this kind of movies are going to continue playing (and being written and produced).<br /><br />Please don't think this kind of movies are well received in Mexico: We hate them and they don't reflect us.
critique9691 Tired garbled dreck. The chemistry between Argento and Madsen was as exciting as a wet doughnut. Their dialogue was dramatically uninteresting. The storyline was a mess. The acting forced. The cinematography lingered on the uninspired. Lazy and pointless. Kim Gordon and her character had no reason to be there. Nor did anyone else for that matter. I couldn't have given two farts for any of the 'characters'. Their emotions skipped and jumped like a junkie who hates his heroin. Empty and dull. Why do I have to write ten lines of text on here to make my point? I think I summed it up in the first three words. But obviously it's not enough. I think this is the last time I'll bother to waste my time critiquing a film. Anyway I saw 'Clean' and thought that was quite ineffectual as well. Again I cared not for the characters whether they lived or died.
critique9692 Kenneth Branagh attempts to turn William Shakspeare's obscure rarely-produced comedy into a 1930s-era musical with the result being both bad Shakespeare and bad musical comedy as the actors are rarely adept at one or the other of the two styles and in some cases flounder badly in both. Particularly painful is Nathan Lane who seems to be under the impression that he is absolutely hysterical as Costard but is badly mistaken and Alicia Silverstone who handles the Shakespearean language with all the authority of a teenaged Valley Girl who is reading the script aloud in her middle school English class.<br /><br />The musical numbers are staged with the expertise of a high school production of "Dames at Sea" leaving the cast looking awkward and amateurish while singing and dancing with the lone exception being Adrian Lester who proves himself a splendid song and dance man. The only other saving grace of the film are Natascha McElhone and Emily Mortimer's contribution as eye candy but they have given far better performances than in this film and you'd be wise to check out some of the other titles in their filmographies and gives this witless mess a pass.
critique9693 The only reason I saw "Shakedown" was that it has Erika Eleniak in it. She's sexy as always but she plays second fiddle to leading man Wolf Larson. It's a pity because she has more action capabilities than she's allowed to show here. The film largely consists of endless shootouts that quickly become monotonous - especially when most of the time you are seeing the bad guys armed with machine guns constantly missing Larson and him armed only with a revolver (that NEVER runs out of bullets) taking them all out rather easily. The earthquake effects are decent but there is also a lot of blurry motion and poor CGI explosions. As the psychotic "spiritual leader" Ron Perlman tries but the pseudo-religious mumbo-jumbo he has to spout is simply boring. Eleniak Perlman or Larson (assuming he has any) completists might want to give this one a look for others it is barely worth a rental. (*1/2)
critique9694 Must have to agree with the other reviewer. This has got to be the WORST movie let alone western I have ever seen. Terrible acting dialogue that was unimaginative and pathetic (let alone completely inappropriate for supposedly being in the 1800s) and oh did I mention a battery pack prominently displayed on the back of one of the characters? I was waiting for the boom mike to fall in the middle of a scene. And the ending? The least I can say is that it was consistent with the rest of the movie...completely awful. And yes it did contain every clichÃƒÂ© in the book from the slow walk down the empty dusty road to the laughable "let's remember when" shots when a main character dies. Luckily I saw this on free TV. Don't waste your time.
critique9695 I usually seek to find good in movies even the bad ones.Unfortunately this movie is one where I fail miserably-and the fact that there's barely one positive review on this board shows many IMDb reviewers share my pain.<br /><br />I don't usually watch sequels but I just had to see this since I love "Rosemary's Baby" so much. What a mistake that was. It simply reaffirms my belief in the fact that most sequels are lousy-though thankfully very few are as bad as this. In fact in my mind this isn't even really a sequel it's a satire on how bad a sequel can be. Movie recommended very highly for not viewing-at any time-ever.
critique9696 There's something strange about the antisocial sentiment you can find in some Cheech And Chong material. One of the songs in Up In Smoke well I often wish more songs these days began that way. But in this excuse for a video the stoner duo are showing us the videos for four songs from their album of the moment also titled Get Out Of My Room. You hear a voice-over during the opening credits in which some anonymous producer describes the record as being a novelty recording that will just take up room on the charts. Unfortunately this opening voice-over hits the nail right on the head.<br /><br />Most music recordings endorsed by the RIAA seem to keep to a rule of putting the best material early in the album. Often when one gets past that first song the discerning listener notices that the recording has little if anything to hold their attention. Bands that defied mainstream convention on the other hand often saved their best material for last or at least spread it evenly throughout the disc. In this case Cheech And Chong appear to have decided to hedge their bets. The opening piece Get Out Of My Room is a hilariously-themed song with an incredibly bad video. Many a viewer of a 1980s music video will find the sloppy direction somewhat nostalgic. Cheech's conception of British punk is also incredibly funny.<br /><br />Where it all goes downhill is the second number I'm Not Home Right Now. Nothing kills interest in a song quite like repetition and it's tough to get more repetitive than this aural turd. Honestly one feels the urge to slap Cheech in the face and tell him that we get the idea he isn't home right now so please move on. The next song along the theme of love being a strange thing is the absolute rock bottom not only for this collection but for Cheech And Chong in general. It's almost as if this song was made for the sole reason of padding out the album's running time.<br /><br />Fortunately the stoner duo saved the best for last but it is also curious to note that Chong is completely absent from this cut. Born In East L.A. is a simple number based upon the old Bruce Springsteen number that mocks Reagan's view of multiculturalism. As one is regaled by Cheech's tale one has to wonder how many poor schleps who couldn't speak a word of Spanish were deported to Mexico simply because their skin wasn't bedsheet-white. Racism was an integral part of America's culture in 1985 and it remains so today. If anything it has gotten worse so one has to wonder what Born In East L.A. would be like if it were written in the current era.<br /><br />Unfortunately two cuts does not an album make especially when there is so much boring filler between them. The interviews before Get Out Of My Room for example are quite funny. Not side-splitting like much of Up In Smoke but funny enough to justify their existence. Unfortunately the two middle songs are reflected in their making-of footage. Boring song makes boring filler. If you cut out the middle half-hour of material from this video you'd have something substantially better.<br /><br />I gave Get Out Of My Room a three out of ten. They are earned by the first and last video. I'm pretty certain that the stars look at material like this today and wonder what they were thinking.
critique9697 Flashdance is one of those awful stupid movies that you actually kind-of enjoy just because they're so crap. I just watched it on TV & my friend and I were amazed at how dopey it was. It's true that Don Simpson and the other producers came up with the idea of a fairly cheap lowbrow flick with lots of sweaty bodies to help sell a soundtrack of (admitedly catchy) pop so Flashdance is an odd sort of pioneer: the first MTV movie. Adrian Lyne started out in advertising and it shows because Flashdance is almost a commercial for itself. You've already decided to watch it but the movie has this weird panicky undercurrent as though it's frightened that you might change your mind at any moment. It keeps selling itself to you over and over all the way through using slick commercial-style editing and glossy close-ups of jiggling breasts. The story is wafer thin (I honestly can't think of another film I've seen with less plot) and it never makes much sense but its a very contrived calculating movie so it feels consistent. People say it's dated but Flashdance was always rubbish. Viewers in the early 80's knew it was just cheesy T&A but it does work in its own silly fashion. There's soppy romance for the chick-flick crowd and stacks of oily writhing female bodies for their dates all set to a pumping disco beat. How could it fail? It helps that the dialogue is pointless so you can grab a popcorn without missing anything major and if this sort of thing isn't your cup of tea you can always laugh at the 'interpretive dance' on display. The scene where a stand-in for Jennifer Beals convulses/'dances' on stage in front of a TV with a fan in it and a face full of white clown make-up had us in stitches. A genuine guilty pleasure.
critique9698 So much is wrong with this abysmal little wet fart of a movie that it's hard to know where to begin.<br /><br />First of all it's a remarkably un-scary scary movie even by Amercian standards. The dialogue is clichÃƒÂ© the characters are two-dimensional the writing is ho-hum and what little story there is is neither coherent nor remotely interesting.<br /><br />We meet the following stereotypes in order: Balding Loser Guy (probably divorced but who knows? This movie doesn't tell us) with a brave heart the Young Hero (who doesn't do anything heroic at all) Brave Little Kid (with a homicidal streak a mile wide) and Black Bad-Ass Bitch (with more brawn than brains). These guys take up an ongoing fight with the Tall Scary Reaper Man and his evil Ewoks.<br /><br />Oh and the film is full of wicked little metal orbs whoosing around menacing people. Given a chance they perform impromptu brain surgery on those who doen't have the mental acuity to duck when they come at them. Booh! Actually one of them is haunted by a good ghost (but then again it might be a deceitful spectre) who seems intent on helping our Brave Contagonists retrieve their young kidnapped friend.<br /><br />There is no character background or even an introduction to any of the characters. It starts with some kind of recap of the ending of the previous movie but this doesn't explain a lot. If you've seen the first two movies fine. Otherwise you don't know who these people are how they are related why they aren't in school or at work or why you should care whether they live or die. Consequently you don't. The only point of interest becomes any splatter effects. And there aren't enough of those to keep you awake.<br /><br />Of potenial interest/amusement are the three Raider Punks as stupid as they are evil who menace Our Heroes. But they don't get much screen time. They are offed almost immediately. Then they are buried (why anybody should take the time is beyond me) then they appear again as Evil Raider Punk Zombies. Only to be offed again literally within a minute.<br /><br />The rest of the movie mainly seems to consist of Caspar the Friendly Ghost appearing and disappearing driving around looking for places and Balding Loser trying to score som Bad Black Bitch Booty using pickup lines that would embarrass a mentally retarded teenager. No dice there; not even some gratuitous sex could have saved this movie so good thing there never is any.<br /><br />The head baddie called the Tall Man doesn't manage to scare anyone older than 3 years; howling "Booooy!" every five minutes isn't enough. Why he with his amazing telekinetic powers and uncanny upper-body strength doesn't simply squash our heroes like bugs isn't explained. Instead he delegates the job to his inept retarded little minions who never manage to kill anyone before being shot to hell.<br /><br />Filmgoers who like masterpieces like "Friday 13th part XXXXVIII: Jason goes to college" might find some entertainment. The rest of us who have developed pubic hair will be bored out of our skulls.
critique9699 We screened this movie in a club as an example of how classic literature can become twisted into some of the most awful movies of all time. Just the fact that the back of the box proudly proclaimed the plot to be set in the "techno-futile" future should have been enough of a hint. I think that word describes the movie itself because no matter how much technology they tried to use to save this movie the effort was completely futile. Not to mention that our club advisor told us that it allegedly couldn't get a distributor for two years.<br /><br />This cinematic failure is littered with cheesy cliche dialogue that's worse than angsty teen poetry. Beowulf's character changes halfway through in a way that is in no way credible and whenever he's in an action scene he's constantly flipping like a hyper gymnast. There is even as they say a "token black guy" whose attempts at humor are completely out of place. And of course the daughter of the leader of the outpost Grendel is terrorizing is a total vixen. A vixen whose breasts are exposed throughout the entire movie. A vixen who wants to fight the creature yet she never puts on armor. And her weapon of choice is a little carving knife. And despite their dire situation she still dresses up for dinner in a dress with a see-through skirt that exposes her short-shorts underwear. There are a couple scenes that could pass as soft core pornography and in the second scene they even reuse footage from the first. I thought the portrayal of Grendel was bad enough but then came the end of the film which featured a display of CGI that might be decent for the 80s but is totally ridiculous for a late 90s venture. I could go on but you all should watch this film for the fully laughable effect yourselves.<br /><br />The other club members and I did manage to have fun watching this by taking a cue from MST 3K and mocking it the whole way through. I'm still reeling from an extra's weapon: a perpetually spinning pizza cutter on a pole.
critique9700 This movie is an insult to ALL submariners. It was stupid. It appeared to have been written by monkeys. The acting was absurd. If this is the view most people have of the Navy then I weep for our defense. This movie was awful. I put it below "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea" as far as submarine movies go. Gene Hackman must have really needed rent money to do this crap. Denzel Washington must have been high. Little in the plot makes any sense. And the ending. For a mutineer to be rewarded for his crime? Only Hollywood would think of this garbage. If you haven't figured it out yet I didn't like it. And if it wasn't for all the pro comments I would not have bothered to post.
critique9701 Documentaries about fans are always mishmashes and never worth seeing through but I found this one made by some of the fans themselves more than usually unenlightening. As a veteran of the original Tolkien craze forty years ago I'd hoped for more than the obvious--which doesn't always equate to the true. If there's anyone living who doesn't already know the nature of a fandom any fandom from having been or known a fan he won't discover it here. Between irrelevancies platitudes (to which the actors from the films are particularly prone) and acting out (by fans making the most--if not the best--of their one shot at fame) I could glean little of the special appeal of LOTR the special emotional responses it evokes and the range of the special creative forms those responses can take. In addition the film is rather lazy: it slights some facts that could have been got across with little effort e.g. what the exact legal loophole was (the wording of a copyright notice) that permitted the books' unauthorized publication in the U.S. (Speaking of which: I take strong exception to the film's dismissal of the covers on that edition as "irrelevant" and "psychedelic" which they were not. They were the work of Jack Gaughan a very able sf illustrator of the period and some fans including me found them more apt and more attractive than the covers on the rival set.)
critique9702 This movie is about a young scientist who creates a serum that re-animates the dead. He first uses it on his brother when he is shot dead in a drive by. His brother then infects the other gang members.In some scenes the zombies are seen walking very slowly and in other scenes they run pretty fast which makes little sense. The acting is mediocre but the story doesn't help the film. The makeup consists of blood on the face of the zombies. The budget for this film I'm sure was very limited. I believe the film could have been better made had the story been more original and with a better budget. If you wan't to see a good zombie flick don't see this one.
critique9703 Blood Surf AKA Krocodylus is a fair film that has an okay cast which includes Dax Miller Taryn Reif Kate Fischer Duncan Regehr Joel West Matt Borlenghi Maureen Larrazabal Cris Vertido Susan Africa Archie Adamos Rolando Santo Domingo and Malecio Amayao. The acting by the actors is fairly good. The thrills are fairly good and some of it is surprising. The movie is filmed fairly good as well. Same thing goes for the music The film is fairly interesting and the movie does keeps you going until the end. This is a fairly thrilling film. If you the the cast in the film Monsters Giant Animal films Horror Thrillers Mystery and interesting films then I recommend you to see this film today!
critique9704 Yikes did this movie blow. The characters were weak the plot weaker. I figured this couldn't be too bad because it has Christoper Walken oops. He must have done this because he was bored and needed the money. The characters were supposed to be Irish but noone had an Irish accent. I am desperately trying to find something nice about this I can't except Walken did a fine job with a wooden character. Find something to read or watch discovery don't ever see this movie.
critique9705 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. While featuring good actors the movie doesn't live up to the expectations. The most dramatic thing about this movie is the music which pretty much sums up the movie: compensating for a bad and confusing storyline by having known-good actors loud and dramatic music. It doesn't change the fact that this is a very boring movie to watch. Earned itself a score of 1.
critique9706 Thank God I didn't buy this movie myself! I borrowed it from a friend who bought it out of sheer curiosity and of course after viewing it feel they should be reimbursed! This has got to be one of THE worse movies I've EVER seen! I do realize they couldn't have had much of a budget but I swear I could make a better movie than this staring my pets! The acting was horrible so was the editing the dialogue EVERYTHING! It was so bad that it was seriously making me angry as I watched it! I'm looking forward to the REAL movie about this story coming out soon so that people curious about it don't have to stoop to watch this joke!
critique9707 for a lot of time I was looking forward to see this movie here in Latinamerica japanese or any oriental movies have no distribution in theaters we can find some of those movies in some underground stores and I just found Avalon I was expecting something good but the only good thing in this movie is the first scene the rest of the movie is boring and senseless just plain stupid with a lot of useless scenes and a boring story. I am wasting my time even writing about this film. Sorry but is the truth.
critique9708 Hey if people thought ed wood was a bad director then they totally have not seen this movie. I mean there were gaping plot holes and under utilized cast. Shoddy special effects. I mean I cant believe that this movie came out from a Hollywood studio. A high school drama club could probably come out with a better product. I mean they had Erika Eleniak who is gorgeous Casper van dien and under rated actor. Their agents should be shot to ask them to sign on to this dribble don't they read scripts. I still cant believe that tiny lister was a survivor in the movie i was banging my head the whole time at why him and not a descendant of van helsing be the last man standing. I am a fan of vampire movies and this is by far the worst they should stake it so that it never sees the light of day.
critique9709 Joseph L. Mankiewicz's Sleuth didn't need a remake. It's a thoroughly well made film that stands up well to this day. However given that the modern day remake machine is currently in full swing; I really can't say I'm surprised to see the film updated for modern audience. The plot remains identical to the original film and at its core we have the story of a young man Milo Tindle who goes off to see an older man Andrew Wyke to discuss a divorce as the younger man is having an affair with the older man's wife. From there a game of cat and mouse ensues. Its clear right from the outset that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different touch to this film and he does so by way of the central location which has been changed from the charming games-ridden country house of the original to a technical marvel kitted out with layers of security equipment. I'm glad that the director chose to make this change as nobody wants to see a remake that directly copies of the original; plus there's the fact that the location is well used and always nice to look at. Unfortunately however the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end there.<br /><br />The original film was over two hours long while this remake is only just a shade over eighty minutes. Naturally therefore that means that this version has less about it; and unfortunately it's the characters that suffer. The plot is also rushed and we get into the first twist in the tale far too quickly and before we are given any chance to actually understand why and how these events can be taking place. The film does not build the characters or the rapport between them enough to make sure that their relationship makes sense. One major thing that has been changed about the older character is his obsession; in the original he was obsessed with games which turned out to be VERY important once the twists come into play. Here he has some kind of security fetish that doesn't really mean anything by the end. Kenneth Branagh's handling of the film allows for a classy score but the class ends there. The original thrived on it but this film is happy merely to soil itself with expletives on numerous and mostly unwarranted occasions; which cheapen the whole thing. The final twist in the tale is completely different to how it was in the original and ensures that the film boils down to a really hideous conclusion. After spending two hours with the original I understood respected and liked both characters presented in the film - after eighty minutes of this I hated them both. I do have some respect for Branagh for not merely rolling out a carbon copy of the original film; but this is not a good adaptation of the great Anthony Shaffer play.
critique9710 Honestly on the subject of the death penalty I could take it or leave it. The problem I have with this documentary lies in the fact that it is a complete love-fest for the murderer with absolutely no sympathy for the family. The Execution of Wanda Jean with it's completely one sided view only reinforced my view that she should have been executed for her crimes. It tried to argue that she was mentally retarded but nothing in the video supported that view. She seemed uneducated but so did her entire family but that doesn't mean they were all retarded. I can completely understand if someone is opposed to the death penalty but to completely ignore the crime as if it didn't happen and try to put Wanda on some moral mountain top is offensive in nature and that's not the side of the issue I would be associated with.
critique9711 If ever there was a film that deserved a big fat zero rating it's this pile of crap. I love zombie films and even bad ones usually have something going for them but not this atrocity. I actually began to feel angry watching this film because it's so insultingly poor I can't believe the people responsible for it would actually think this was acceptable.<br /><br />There's no plot and the non-plot is cut with scenes of sadism and spanking. The people don't react act or in any way resemble human beings. The entire movie is also shot in two rooms scantily decorated to vaguely resemble the places they are supposed to be. The whole thing is one pointless mess it doesn't go anywhere and when the zombies finally turn up they look rubbish and don't do very much.<br /><br />I could make a better film than this so could you and so could someone who had never seen a movie before. It's pitiful and without doubt the worst movie of all time.<br /><br />Honestly the very worst movie of all time. You'll note by the way that the only positive reviews give this a 10/10 and urge you to BUY the DVD. I can't imagine anyone neutral genuinely thinking this is a good film it's terrible.<br /><br />0/10 and that's generous.
critique9712 If you're like me and you occasionally enjoy watching terrible movies (I guess it's kind of like slowing down at a car crash) you can't do better than this! The plot is inane the special effects are hilarious and the acting is some of the worst you'll ever see! 4 THUMBS DOWN! WOOOHOOOOOOOO!!! Seriously I have no idea how the director and the "actors" can sleep at night! It's painful and yet hysterically funny to watch and I highly recommend it for those who want to punish themselves for something. If you can watch this crap without wincing you're a better man than I'll ever be! I wonder if the producer of this garbage had any idea what he was getting himself (and his money) into!
critique9713 This is a classic stinker with a big named cast mostly seniors who were well past their prime and bedtime in this one.<br /><br />This is quite a depressing film when you think about it. Remain on earth and you will face illness and eventually your demise.<br /><br />Gwen Verndon showed that she could still dance. Too bad the movie didn't concentrate more on that. Maureen Stapleton looking haggard still displayed those steps from "Queen of the Star Dust Ballroom" so much more down to earth from 10 years earlier.<br /><br />I only hope that this film doesn't encourage seniors to commit mass suicide on the level of Jim Jones. How can anyone be idiotic enough to like this and say it gets you to think?<br /><br />Why did Don Ameche win an Oscar for this nonsense?<br /><br />If the seniors were doing such a wonderful thing at the end why was the youngster encouraged to get off the boat? Why did Steve Guttenberg jump ship as well? After all he had found his lady-love. <br /><br />This would have been a nice film if the seniors had just managed to find their fountain of youth on earth and stay there.<br /><br />Sadly with the exception of Wilford Brimley at this writing Vernon Gilford Stapleton Ameche Tandy Cronyn and lord knows who else are all gone. The writers should have taken the screenplay and placed it with this group as well.
critique9714 This film had a couple of funny partsbut for the most part made me want to go ahead and change DVD'S and watch "Malibu's" insteadwhich I had in my own collection. At least I would know there was something funny coming up and give me something to look forward to.<br /><br />I was disappointed in this very low budget film. And I do not judge a movie by it's budget.It just lacked originality and was too predictable. I would not rent or even watch this film again and I am usually a repeat offender of film. The actors were forgettable. The story was half thought out and it left me with an insatiable urge to get my laugh on.I ended up watching Jamie Kennedy's White Boy Gone Gangsta to have the comedy itch scratched.
critique9715 Simply awful. I'm including a spoiler warning here only because of including a coupla jokes from the movie - there is nothing else to spoil as it is already rotten. This dross was made during what must have been one of Sellers' "For A Few Dollars More" periods when he'd participate in any crap for a few bucks. I'd seen this as a 15-year- old high school student in 1972 and loathed it then. No need to view it again; after 35 years I remember it now as one of the top five worst movies I'd seen as a kid. As I recall Sellers had more of an ongoing cameo role than a lead here but even his presence couldn't ameliorate the stale jokes lame plot and infantile repartee. One ongoing theme revolves around Sellers' use of his fingers: In one scene he holds up his open hand to a group of medicos and by folding down his fingers enumerates the groups for which a hospital exists - the interns the nurses the administrators etc. - until only his middle finger is left up whereupon he says "...and the patients!" Har Har. In another scene to avoid costly lab tests he dips a finger into a urine sample and sticks it into his mouth to check for sugar then exhorts the interns gathered around him to do the same which they do. He then advises them that he'd placed his middle finger in the urine but sucked on the index finger and admonishes them to pay attention. Hee Hee. (The only reason that I remember this and this movie and am writing this review is that a friend told me an even dumber version of this 'joke' today). If yu laik thiss you gonna luv dis movey. If not see 'Hospital' with George C. Scott (came out the same year 1972) for some genuine marvelous black medical humor. Better yet read 'The House of God' by Samuel Shem and if you can see the movie version of it which has never been released (please make a copy and send it to me - I'd love to finally see it).
critique9716 The Secretary is one of those cheesy cliched "thrillers" that one is subjected to watching on a Sunday afternoon when there is virtually nothing else on. While the plot (a demented woman becomes jealous of all who succeed over her in the office and decides to do whatever she can to stop them) may be one of a kind I recognized countless plot twists probably taken from other TV movies that I had been subjected to for the very same reason.<br /><br />To make matters worse I was not wild about the cast. Mel Harris is one of those actresses who appears in so many TV movies as either a "mom" or some sort of "victim" of foul play or abuse that one must wonder the kind of life she leads. In this one she gets the joy of playing a mom AND a victim of psycho secretary Sheila Kelly who was not a very good choice as the villain. While Sheila Kelly has made some good career moves(Singles Breaking In and I guess Law and Order) she is also beset by a string of pitiful TV movie roles and this one just adds to it. As for the others I don't have any clear memories of them so that must say something.<br /><br />This one WILL play on the Lifetime network(I think that's where I saw it) but don't bother watching it unless you are too bored for words. Not that it will make you any more excitied...
critique9717 Fool for Love is one of the several now forgotten films Robert Altman directed throughout the 1980s. This one a screen adaptation of a Sam Shepard play that features Shepard in the lead role just simply isn't very good. Altman made many not-very-good films over the course of his fascinating career and many times the fault was his. But here I think the fault lies with Shepard for writing such a flimsy play. Altman's direction is assured the performances are o.k. given what the actors have to work with but this inconsequential screenplay goes nowhere and takes its time getting there.<br /><br />Shepard is Eddie a stuntman who has a love/hate relationship with May (Kim Basinger). The two fight endlessly over the course of an evening spent in some dusty motel in the middle of nowhere while a mysterious man (Harry Dean Stanton) who may be either a figurative or literal father to both Eddie and May quietly observes. Randy Quaid rounds out the four-person cast as a gentleman caller.<br /><br />The only dramatic hook in the entire plot is the suggestion that Eddie's and May's relationship is incestuous. However this hook feels more like a gimmick than anything. The screenplay doesn't explore their relationship in any detail and it doesn't use their relationship to explore any more universal themes. Shepard and Basigner create eccentric mannered characters who grow irritating within the first five minutes; Stanton and Quaid have little to do but provide reaction shots. <br /><br />The last half hour or so of the film is especially bad when Eddie's and May's back stories begin to play out in flashback over monotone somnolent voice over.<br /><br />Chalk this up to another of Altman's experiments gone awry.<br /><br />Grade: C-
critique9718 I was loaned this DVD by the director of a film I am working with in which I play an actor who is playing Prospero. Knowing his own style I did not expect anything resembling a "classical" interpretation of the text.<br /><br />What I have found is sometimes striking sometimes evocative but often meandering and tedious. Like most experimental music I find that in films such as this the building blocks of powerful film-making are crafted even if they have not found their most useful form in a more coherent format.<br /><br />Thus we have a Caliban who is more a clown than a threat and who not even Miranda seems terribly afraid of (which is odd since we know that he has attempted to rape her at least once). A Stefano and Trinculo who are more annoying than funny. An oddly young Prospero who looks like Amadeus. And a great loss of character development and plot through creative editing and highly stylized posturing.<br /><br />Interestingly enough I do not have an issue with the way in which Ferdanand or Miranda are portrayed. His stunned rapture and her slightly freaky innocence are actually quite appropriate.<br /><br />I do not say that this is a bad film but an experimental one. One that takes huge risks but is meant more for students of art and film and not really for anyone with an interest in the Tempest for its own sake.
critique9719 WEll first and for most I'd just like to say that I'm back out of retirement from writing well deserved comments about horrible movies. Only the movie in titled "Scarecrow gone wild" could bring me back so here I am.<br /><br />With that being said I like to start off with this comment. OUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This movie was really horrible I mean I know it was going to be bad. But I had no idea that I would be spending 60 minutes out of a possible 90 minute film laughing at what I thought was a horror movie.<br /><br />Let's start with the biggest flaw of the film (to me that is). Ken Shamrock. Now if memory serves me correctly Shamrock is one of the worlds most dangerous men. Now if memory serves me again he was also in this stupid movie being a stupid comic relief (or that's how it looked to me). I mean how else do you explain all of his lines. My all time favorite line of his in this so called movie was "It's been a long time coming". OK????????? The funnest thing about that line was that no more then five minutes prior to him say that he was sitting on the beach talking to the soon to be dead kids about how the dam scarecrow could not be killed. So if he has knowledge of this why on earth would he start trying to combat it as soon as he sees it (the scarecrow that it). Like I said before he must have been the comic relief except I don't think his UFC buddies where laughing.<br /><br />Now that I've finished that well deserved paragraph on to the movie.<br /><br />I'll admit that I can't remember a lot of scenes and that's not good considering that I just watch the movie no more then fifteen minutes ago. So what I'm going to do is list the top five things wrong with this film 1. Usually when horror movie monster have their own theme music it's not heard by the victims or even by the monster itself. So why were just about every person involved in this movie able to here this pathetic whistling. I mean I saw the scarecrows face and nothing about it said that he was the whistling type.<br /><br />2. Why on earth were there murders on a beach. I'm sorry but threw out history beaches are associated with party time and vacation type feelings. But I guess this horror movie thought it was going to be such a success that it would change all of that. Plus was it me or did the beach seem to be the size of someone living room. I mean every time an actor or actress was running around on the beach it looked as if they were running in the same spot.<br /><br />3. The girl running in the gray sweat pants. That really bother during the duration of this film. I mean she looks so ridiculous. Plus it didn't help any that she looked as though she was the youngest out of the whole group. I mean what was she like twelve or something. There no excuse for someone to be that thin on camera. I mean doesn't the camera add like ten pounds or something so what was her excuse.<br /><br />4. People trying to get record deals on camera. Just when I thought that this movie could not get any cheesier out comes the wanna be Gorth Brooks and oh man was he lame. I don't' remember the whole scene but from what I do remember it was not pretty. This one guy starts singing this song about something that has nothing and I mean nothing to do with what's going on in the film. The funniest part of the whole happening is how everyone seems to being enjoying this. I mean the only person who doesn't really know how to response to this is the "token black guy". And that's sad because if I'm not mistaken he was the one that encourage this latest addition of American Idoal. But here's where it gets funny. While this guy is all into his new song or whatever. In the far distance we see or villain aka the scarecrow. And boy does he look pi**ed off at this. I mean there's actually a moment where he looks like he's really jealous of this guy. So what does he do about this jealousy well I'm glad you ask. He wait's for the guy to finish his song and then he finises the guy. I don't want to give the death scene away but I can tell you this. If that scene doesn't make you laugh then nothing on this earth will.<br /><br />5. This movie was way longer then I expected. And it didn't help that they tried to pulled some pathetic twist bulls**t at the end to squeeze another 10 minutes out of this film. I mean I'll admit I didn't see the twist coming but that had a lot to do with the fact that I was hoping that the film was over and done with. But no they had to do they twist s**t. Needless to say that when I say that coming I just turned off the T.V. and said f**k it there's no way that movie could have gotten any worser. Thanks to my rather fast judgment I can say that I'll never know what was to happen next. But I promise that I do not care!!!!!!!!!!!!! All and all the movie is good for a laugh but please don't buy it. Just hype it up to one of your friends and watch it on there expanse.
critique9720 This adaptation positively butchers a classic which is beloved for its subtlety. Timothy Dalton has absolutely no conception of the different nuances of Rochester's character. I get the feeling he never even read the book just sauntered on set in his too tight breeches and was handed a character summary that read "Grumpy broody murky past." He plays Rochester not as a character or as a real person but as an over the top grouch who never cracks a smile until after he gets engaged at which point he miraculously morphs into a pansy. There is no chemistry. The only feeling that this adaptation excited in me was incredulity and also sympathy for Charlotte Bronte who is most definitely turning in her grave. GO AND REREAD THE BOOK. ROCHESTER HAS A PERSONALITY. AND BY THE WAY: A "PASSIONATE" LOVE SCENE DOES NOT MEAN YOU HAVE TO EAT HER FACE.
critique9721 There is a remark that one of heroines was raped on "drunken rampage" by Russian soldiers which is completely untrue. This movie should not be shown only because of this.<br /><br />Also there is a statement by someone that KGB prosecuted "Jews Gypsies etc" which is "worse than Nazis". KGB was looking for so called "zionist" agents who were (KGB believed) imperialist agents. This is totally different from targeting Jewry as a whole nation as Nazis did. Gypsies were never prosecuted. KGB was political tool and used politically but from internationalist standpoint. Communists really did not distinguish between nationalities.<br /><br />Whole movie stinks like fake. Main hero does not speak Russian signs in Berlin contains typographical errors KGB general looks totally phony. Some so called "russian proverbs" are totally made up and list goes on and on.<br /><br />Not recommended to watch - this movie is full of lies and phony stuff. Go to "Good shepherd" instead.
critique9722 Man this thing bites! I am sorry I ever sat down and watched it! Friedkin was insane for making a film attempting to win over the viewers sympathy for this lunatic If it were up to me I'd have made the audience hate that low life instead of getting all misty eyed over him! He killed people! Quite grizzly I might add too! And Friedkin wants you to feel sorry for him because he's "not right"! I say Friedkin can forget it! I hate the guy this movie is partly based on and hope they did wise up and give his sorry butt the juice!!! In a nut shell don't waste your time! It's sick and perverse!
critique9723 MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS For about the last four years I've been a keen fan of Ali G. Sacha Baron Cohen is undoubtedly a very funny and intelligent guy and in my view his best creation is Borat who's as funny as Hell and quite shameless in what he does and says to people.<br /><br />Anyway to the movie. I didn't bother paying money to see this in the cinema; I suppose because I didn't expect a lot but when I hired the DVD recently I found the whole thing pretty sad. The best part of Ali's taking the mickey out of others was largely missing and the script an plot was pretty damned awful; hooking all the car batteries together to blow a safe - REALLY!!?? <br /><br />This movie goes to show I think that some things can run for too long and definitely don't translate to the big screen. The movie also had that syrupy sweet ending that I've come to expect from British films. Where have all the good British movie making ideals gone to? That said there were the odd very funny moments such as the dog in Ali's bed and Ali's audience with HM the Q with the "Shaven haven - RESPECT" remark.<br /><br />So in summary I am an Ali G and Borat fan and I have enjoyed many of his interviews (notably the one with Anita Roddick of the Body Shop) but this movie fell really flat with me. If there's to be another movie I hope it's a whole lot better than this lot of old tripe.<br /><br />Weasel100 <br /><br />Canberra Australia
critique9724 Some of the worst least natural acting performances I've ever seen. Which is perhaps not surprising given the clunky lame dialog given to the one note characters. Add to that the cheap production values and you've got a movie that doesn't look like it even belongs on television. One doesn't expect much from a Lifetime movie especially one this old but this is nearly unwatchably bad.<br /><br />Plot-wise it's a dreadful clichÃƒÂ©d romance of a type even Harlequin would consider beneath them. It's possible to guess how the remainder of the movie will go by simply watching the opening couple of scenes. Surprise the only female character who gets any focus and the mysterious stranger end up falling in love.
critique9725 The Bone Snatcher is about a group miners who go on a search for a missing crew of miners in the Namib Desert. When the find them they are nothing more than bones stripped clean and they could not have been dead for more than six hours. The story keeps you interested as to what exactly caused this. The characters are well enough and the acting is pretty good.<br /><br />About an hour and ten minutes in when you find out what is causing the bones to be stripped clean you sigh "oh that is really stupid." The movie is ruined by bad writing and a non-exciting ending. Up until that point the movie was pretty good and it is a shame that it took such a bad turn. So I cannot recommend this movie. I gave it a 4/10.
critique9726 So this was an HBO "Made for TV Movie" eh? Is that an excuse for such a pathetic plot and terrible acting? Such a shame to see Jim Belushi reduced to a role so repetitive (shot at survived lies beaten up survives shot at lies and so ad infinitum. Call that a script? As for the Brits embarrassing to see Timothy Dalton's pathetic (or was he just taking the p*** depends how much he was paid I guess?) attempt at a Southern Sheriff). As for that other Brit the bleached blond one what a w***er! There is a trend towards glorifying these "English speaking" (sic) super-violent thugs lately perhaps thanks to Mr. Madonna's two movies succeed in entertaining and justify the violence by skillful use of irony and humour like Pulp Fiction does. However this movie discredits and devalues the genre. definately one to miss.
critique9727 When I was 8 years old and going through my Marx Brothers phase my father read in the TV Guide that they were showing the Marx Brothers film "The Big Store" late on Friday night and set the VCR to tape it for me. When I woke up on Saturday -- due no doubt to a misprint in the TV guide -- my father and I discovered "The Story of Mankind" had been recorded instead.<br /><br />"The Big Store" was probably one of the least funny of all the Marx Brothers movies and nevertheless it stands as one of the century's finest works of cinema when compared with "The Story of Mankind." I can almost justify TV Guide's error in that the Marx Brothers -- Groucho Chico and Harpo -- appear in both movies. Although in "The Story of Mankind" they are divided up into a series of unrelated scenes: Groucho plays Peter Minuit Chico plays some guy talking to Christopher Columbus and Harpo plays Isaac Newton????? Harpo's scene lasts about half a minute; Chico only has two or three lines; Groucho's scene is at least funny but horribly racially insensitive by today's standards. The rest of the movie doesn't bear mentioning. They trotted out some of the finest actors of the day and made them recite total garbage. What a disappointment.<br /><br />TV Guide I sent you a nice letter I'm still waiting for an apology.<br /><br />For the record: "The Big Store" has a wonderful bit of physical comedy with the Marx Brothers on roller skates and a couple of songs by Virginia O'Brien. I was really looking forward to seeing it.
critique9728 One of the worst films I have ever seen. How to define "worst?" I would prefer having both eye balls yanked out and then be forced to tap dance on them than ever view this pitiful dreck again. Somehow One-Hit Wonder Zwick manages a film that simultaneously offends Elvis fans Mary Kay saleswomen Las Vegas gays FBI agents and the rest of humanity with any intelligence with a shoddy sloppy farce so forced it deserves to be forsaken ed. How Elvis Presley Enterprises could allow the rights of actual Elvis songs to be used in a film with a central premise that seems to be "The only good Elvis Presley Imitator is a dead one" is beyond me. The worst part of this mess - and that takes some work - is the mangled script: In 1958 Elvis' words and songs that he would speak/perform in the 1970's are quoted! Worst special effect? That Oscar would go to the moron who decided that Elvis' grave potentially the most photographed/recognizable grave in the world resembles a pyramid with a gold record glued atop and is situated in the middle of a park somewhere. Potentially this film's biggest audience would be Elvis fans. However the rampant stupidity (Nixon gave Elvis a DEA badge not FBI credentials...and I could go on and on) actually undercuts THAT conventional wisdom. Ugh. I used the word "wisdom" to describe this stupid movie. This is truly a horrible horrible film.
critique9729 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9730 An interesting idea for a film both showing the last dragon on earth and showing the struggle he and someone evil have together. When he was younger Einon got stabbed in the heart so Bowen (Dennis Quaid) took him to the dark lord who gave him half his heart. Now grown up Einon (David Thewlis) is now the selfish and evil king. Meanwhile Bowen is using a new friend Draco the Dragon (voiced by Sir Sean Connery) to get rewards for "killing" dragons. But because Einon has half of Draco's hear they both feel the pain in one of them is hurt or killed. Also starring Pete Postlethwaite as Gilbert of Glockenspur Jason Isaacs as Lord Felton Julie Christie as Queen Aislinn and John Gielgud as King Arthur. It was nominated for the Oscar for Best Visual Effects. Worth watching!
critique9731 No doubt about it Rampling is gorgeous -- a classic beauty here very young. She manages to appear simultaneously sophisticated and poignant. Her two male foils act well too. But seen in 2003 the flic is all<br /><br />American-trying-to-be-artsy-and-not-be-Hollywood-while-shooting-beautiful-sh ots-of-the-French-Riviera-and-three-pretty-young-people-in-their-cute-old-ca r. I enjoyed the view (both the actors and the nature) but the movie is boring and pretentious while trying to be the opposite.
critique9732 This conglomeration fails so miserably on every level that it is difficult to decide what to say. It doesn't merit one line much less ten but to adhere to the rules of IMDb here goes and I probably won't succeed the first time around and have to type some more to make up for this submission to be accepted. LOL<br /><br />If I had seen this schlock during the '70s while I was going through my mushroom phaseI would have still considered it unimaginative and shallow. The most exciting shot for me was the long shot when the elevator door opened and closed.I was on the edge of my seat.<br /><br />One person on here wrote that he had met the creator of this mess as if that were a red letter day in his life. One can only pray that something far more exciting occurs in that posters life.Get a grip amigo.
critique9733 There are many different versions of this one floating around so make sure you can locate one of the unrated copies otherwise some gore and one scene of nudity might be missing. Some versions also omit most of the opening sequence and other bits here and there. The cut I saw has the on-screen title WITCHCRAFT: EVIL ENCOUNTERS and was released by Shriek Show who maintain the original US release title WITCHERY for the DVD release. It's a nice-looking print and seems to have all of the footage but has some cropping/aspect ratio issues. In Italy it was released as LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT). The first two LA CASA releases were actually the first two EVIL DEAD films (retitled) and the third LA CASA was another film by the same production company (Filmirage) which is best known here in America as GHOSTHOUSE. To make matters even more confusing WITCHERY was also released elsewhere as GHOSTHOUSE 2. Except in Germany where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is actually THE OGRE: DEMONS 3. OK I better just shut up now. I'm starting to confuse myself!<br /><br />Regardless of the title this is a very hit-or-miss horror effort. Some of it is good some of it isn't. I actually was into this film for the first half or so but toward the end it became a senseless mess. A large vacant hotel located on an island about 50 miles from Boston is the setting as various people get picked off one-by-one by a German- speaking witch (Hildegard Knef). Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) who wants to capture "Witch Light" and his virginal writer girlfriend (Leslie Cumming) who is studying witchcraft are shacking up at the hotel without permission. Along comes real estate agent Jerry (Rick Farnsworth) who's showing off the property to potential buyers Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks. Also tagging along are their children; pregnant grown daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and very young son Tommy (Michael Manchester) as well as oversexed architect Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland - Hasselhoff's wife at the time). Once everyone is inside their boat driver is killed (hung) and the boat disappears so they find themselves trapped and basically at the mercy of the "Lady in Black."<br /><br />So what can you expect to find here? Plenty of unpleasantries! One of the characters has their lips sewn shut and is then hung upside down in the fireplace and accidentally slow-roasted by the rest of the cast. There's also a crucifixion witches eating a dead baby a swordfish through the head someone set on fire a possession a Sesame Street tape recorder the virgin getting raped by some demon a guys veins bulging and exploding thanks to voodoo doll pokes and some other stuff. From a technical standpoint it's a nice-looking film with pretty good cinematography a decent score and good gore effects. The hotel/island setting is also pretty nice. Blair (particularly at the end) and Ross both seem like they're having fun and Knef is great as the evil witch. Even though people like to ridicule Hasselhoff these days he's not bad in his role either.<br /><br />On the down side despite all the gore the film seems somewhat dull and it gets monotonous after about an hour. The supernatural themes are muddled and confusing too. When characters are being swept into the witches lair to be tortured and killed the filmmakers unwisely decided to superimpose the screaming actors over some silly looking red spiral vortex effect that looks supremely cheesy. And the witch lair itself is vacant and cheaply designed with unfinished lumber. And while most of the cast is at least decent a few of the performances (particularly the "actress" who plays Hasselhoff's girlfriend and the kid) are so bad they're constantly distracting.
critique9734 I like Chris Rock but I feel he is wasted in this film. The idea of remaking Heaven Can Wait is fine but the filmmakers followed the plot of that turkey too closely. When Eddie Murphy remade Dr. Doolittle and The Nutty Professor he re-did them totally -- so they became Murphy films/vehicles not just tepid remakes. That's why they were successful. If Chris had done the same this could have been a much better film. The few laughs that come are when he is doing his standup routine -- so he might as well have done a concert film. It also would have been much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabits was a truck driver or hillbilly. So why does Hollywood keep making junk like this? Because people go to see it -- because they like Chris Rock. So give Chris a decent script and give us better movies! Don't remake films that weren't that good in the first place!
critique9735 this is NOT one of those films it is one of the biggest pieces of tripe I have ever scene the camera work is trying to be flashy but it really just crap the whole thing looks like the red shoe diaries but without the sex the only reason I bought this was I wanted to try out dvd and this was the cheapest one I could find possibly the worst buy of my life and could have put you off dvd forever the soundtrack is REALLY tacky and most of the movie is made up of endless repeats of clips from the first two films why anyone would want to make a movie as awful as this is beyond me if they had really attempted to make an original movie and failed I would be nicer in this review but they don't they just got the rights to reproduce stuff from the first two and then edit it and repeat it into this film with about maybe under 1 3rd original footage which is about up to the standards of film school students DO NOT buy this movie. the only entertainment this dvd can offer is if you were to stick it in the microwave and watch the flashing lights! UTTER UTTER UTTER UTTTER unbelievable GARBAGE! 0/10 if only the voting system would allow that.
critique9736 i wont go and give them my 10 bucks i went and bought the fourth season of the original and the best. At least my kids enjoy it and can watch it without me worrying about what they are seeing. I have a teenager and she thinks the previews are ridiculous and would rather watch the original. And she thinks Jessica Simpson is a horrible daisy in fact she thinks she looks more like a slut than daisy duke. Those shorts she might as well not be wearing anything at all. And since when is American Pie have anything to do with the Dukes SHAME ON them for putting that nasty line in there about having sex with a car. That in itself should have gotten the movie a R rating. The only good thing that might come out of this is a reunion movie with the originals. Lets all hope. So the people out there that went and seen the movie will see how it should have looked
critique9737 This is a truly awful film. What they have done is taken a TV show which was never aimed at young children & given it the George Lucas treatment (i.e. ruined it by kiddifying it to appeal to the younger audience).<br /><br />OK so the Thunderbirds TV show wasn't exactly the most cerebral of shows in fact it was pretty formulaic but it was always enjoyable to watch (especially when the models got blown up) and the voice cast wasn't too bad.<br /><br />This suffers from bad casting & bad acting (with the notable exceptions of Sophia Myles as Lady Penelope & Ron Cook as Parker who seem to be the only cast members to have a clue about how their characters should be played) & after this travesty I wouldn't let Frakes direct traffic.<br /><br />The whole point of Thunderbirds was that it was about the whole Tracy family & how they worked as a team preventing disasters or coming to the rescue of those involved in disasters.<br /><br />Avoid this rubbish like the plague.<br /><br />I only give it 1 out of 10 because a zero rating is not supported.
critique9738 I just saw this movie premiere on MTV. I must say this was extremely mediocre (at its best). The dialogue doesn't explain the story very well and I was left feeling like there were a lot of plot holes. There isn't one likable character in this adaptation due to poor acting. I just find that all of the characters are way too possessive when it comes to someone they love. Also Cate and Heath's love seems very incestuous. They seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers. I don't understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.<br /><br />I watched this movie because of a few actors that I respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films but like I said it's extremely hard to like any of the characters. Katherine Heigl's performance was horrid which was a complete shocker. She was terrible at being the bitchy older sister of Edward and there just wasn't enough lines for Aimee Osbourne for me even to critique her performance. Johnny Whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky he was the only person I sympathized with. As for Erika Christensen and Mike Vogel they were supposed to be our heroines but came off as whiny and overdramatic.<br /><br />I just didn't enjoy this movie very much or the music in it. There was a brief appearance of the Christian punk band MxPx but that small appearance would not convince me to watch this movie again. MTV did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not. I just pictured something so completely different.
critique9739 Wow! This movie is almost too bad for words. Obviously the writers wanted to somehow link this to the Ghoulies franchise so they got Pete Liapis from the first one to reprise his role as Jonathan...only now he's a cop and has no similar character traits as he did in the first one. The ghoulies in this one aren't the ghoulies from the last ones. The cheap looking puppets have been replaced with even cheaper looking costumed little people. Instead of being any main antagonist or being evil they are more like the comic relief characters that appeared out of nowhere for no reason.<br /><br />When watching this film for the first time it felt like I'd seen it before. Why was this? Because everything in this was stolen from another movie. All the cheesy cop lines and action scenes were from Lethal Weapon. The ghoulies were pretty much like Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck except they weren't amusing at all. Even scenes from the original Ghoulies film were sprinkled throughout this flick.<br /><br />I think the target audience was supposed to be adults but the mixture of black magic cartoon slapstick cop drama and bad acting doesn't work at all. I hope they don't make a Ghoulies V because I don't want a movie studio to lose their money.<br /><br />My rating: BOMB/****. 78 mins. R for violence.
critique9740 Pretty bad. This film about a grizzled(and frankly rock stupid) old prospector and his dog'Shep' i.e. Lassie as well as an annoying kid whose name I can't recall at the moment. At the beginning of the movie the old prospector has DELIBERATELY buried himself in some sand so that the poor dog will have to dig him out. Why? Did he hate the dog? Anyhoo somehow or other this idiot has managed to strike gold and goes to tell his partner. But the man has died and his sleazy other partner is happy to assist old Jonathan in digging up the gold. The geezer tries to leave is dog with the dead guy's son but not even the retarded mutt wants to stay with this kid. There's quaint old preacher(for quaint read smelly) and the oily guy finished off the old guy(surprise surprise) and tries to steal all the gold. Plus he poisons the dog and tries to kill the kid too. So I suppose its okay that a devilish and crazy Lassie..err...SHEP does this the guy in at the end although its pretty disturbing in what is basically a children's movie. There are extremely stereotypical(to the point of racial slur) 'Native Americans' who speak without using verbs(as in Me Make Camp Fire type speech). And that's pretty much the extent of the cast because apparently Lassie's salary was too big for them to hire anyone else. Kind of dull. not very interesting and a tad too dark. Not a great movie in any way.
critique9741 Naturally I didn't watch 'GI Jane' out of choice. I was more or less forced to watch this film round my ex-girlfriends house.<br /><br />GI Jane loses its credibility straight away by trying to convince the viewer that it is potentially a real scenario which of course it isn't. The result of this is that the story becomes automatically bound by constraints restricting the amount of humour (of which there is none) or entertaining action scenes and soon becomes too serious. The film therefore becomes extremely boring and predictable.<br /><br />'GI Jane' fails where other action films succeed mainly because films such as James Bond Dirty Harry and various others are larger than life yet never proclaim to be otherwise. They are escapism and therefore entertaining. 'GI Jane' tries to be real and fails.<br /><br />This is a very disappointing film from Ridley Scott with a very non-credible storyline unremarkable acting and the only reason I give it 2/10 instead of 1/10 is for some of the technical work.
critique9742 Relentless like one of those loud action movies. The entire cast seems to be on speed. I didn't quite get the director's intentions if any. I wonder if she's ever seen a Stanley Donen Vincent Minnelli or even a George Sidney musical. Structure please! This is one hell of a mess and I loved Abba. The costumes the unflattering photography - unflattering towards the actors but loving towards the locations) The one thing that makes the whole thing bearable is the sight of Meryl Streep making a fool of herself. No chemistry with her friends (Christine Baranski and Julie Walters) think of Streep with Lily Tomlyn in the Altman film and you'll understand what I was hoping for. I was embarrassed in particular by Pierce Brosnam and Colin Firth. The audience however seemed to enjoy it so it probably it's just me.
critique9743 The Three Stooges in a feature length western comedy-musical? Perhaps "Rockin' in the Rockies" was meant to combine the Stooges comedy short with the western musical in a matinÃƒÂ©e; if so this was a pleasant way to break up a Saturday afternoon. Jay Kirby (as Rusty) is a handsome young hero; and Mary Beth Hughes (as the blonde June) and Gladys Blake (as the brunette Betty) are pretty women. The Hoosier Hotshots are a harmonious group; their songs are quite tuneful; however this is the 1940s not the 1950s so the film doesn't exactly "rock". There are a few laughs; but the Stooges' brand of humor is more subdued than usual. The talking horse is also underutilized. <br /><br />**** Rockin' in the Rockies (4/17/45) Vernon Keays ~ Moe Howard Larry Fine Curly Howard Mary Beth Hughes
critique9744 I find it almost touching how Star Trek fans try desperately to like this film in spite of its unbelievable number of flaws.<br /><br />To begin with none of the familiar characters are really in character so to speak. Scotty is depicted as a bumbling tinkerer instead of the competent engineer he was in the original series. Uhura...Gods I can't even think about what they did to her character. All of her dialog was painful to listen to. McCoy seemed like a neurotic stepfather to Kirk instead of his trusted friend. Spock...well let's just say that Leonard Nimoy was terribly wasted. He was given bad dialog ("I do not believe you have grasped the gravity of your situation Captain." Gravity get it? Get it?) and made almost into a buffoon. Kirk...oh man don't get me started. William Shatner is a hammy actor to begin with so to allow him to direct really is to invite disaster which is what we got.<br /><br />The plot is beyond ridiculous. Giving Spock a brother is a pretty desperate story line and unnecessarily soap operaish. But hey let's go with it. The search for God. Again a weak plot basis. You don't think so? OK let's go with that too. So assuming that the two aforementioned plot elements are sound what's wrong with the script? Well for one thing it recycles way too much. The Enterprise for example is yet again not working properly. Are we to assume that Starfleet would send a grossly malfunctioning ship with a skeleton crew into a potentially dangerous situation just because they want James Kirk to handle the situation? If that's the case then why not put him on a better ship as an adviser? Adding to that...the crew is grossly incompetent. Scotty has the ship in pieces (and apparently is cloddish enough to bump his head knocking himself into unconsciousness WHILE there are hostiles on board!) no one seem to notice the Klingon ship decloaking at a crucial moment (despite the fact that the sensors are clearly showing the ship in weapons range) and the crew all seem way too familiar with each other. In other words there is no sense of discipline. If this is the flagship of Starfleet then it's a wonder that the Klingons hadn't already overthrown the Federation.<br /><br />As to the personal struggles with pain it was crap. Lawrence Luckenbill is a competent actor but even he couldn't save this turkey. In short no one could. Of all the people involved I imagine Leonard Nimoy is the most embarrassed by it. I hope he is anyway.<br /><br />Thank god the original cast didn't bow out on this cloddish opus.
critique9745 A man wonders if his hunky co-worker is gay. At a yard sale he finds a ray gun called "Gaydar". You point it at a person pull the trigger and it tells you how gay they are. He tries it out it works and he sets out to find out if his coworker is gay like him...<br /><br />Promising idea ruined by an unfunny script (after a promising beginning) and terrible acting. The entire cast overacts and basically SCREAM their lines at each other constantly. It gets annoying and really embarassing after a while. The saving grace is that's it is short there's a scene stealing cat (love her fall out of the kitty bed) and Charles Nelson Reilly is hysterical in his brief bit. But none of this saves the movie. I can't recommend this at all.
critique9746 After reading the book which had a lot of meaning for me the movie didn't give me any of the feeling which the book conveyed. This makes me wonder if Kaufman even liked this book for he successfully made it into something else.Either that or he is simply bad. Most importantly where is the lightness?! From the very first scene music drownes out most of the dialogue and feeling and this continues right through the movie. I think the makers thought that by having upbeat music playing right through the movie this would make the story feel light- however they have completely failed here. Instead the music manages to give everything that 'movie feel' in a way dramatising events so that we linger on them so that everything actually feels heavy.<br /><br />Another example of the how this adaptation fails is by embellishing the story line making it more dramatic. In the movie we see Franz passing Tomas on the street who is on his way to see Sabina. The introduction of this chance meeting/passing which im sure didn't happen in the book gives Tomas' story more significance than it does make it light.<br /><br />There are many other examples where the continuity of the story has been changed imo for the worst however this might have been done because the book simply doesn't convert well into a movie such is Kundera's style. This makes we wonder if all the generous reviewers on this site were writing with their book AND movie experience in mind rather than writing about just the film. A film which is as long as it is uncompelling. For those who haven't read the book yet I recommend just reading that. For those who have I have to say you will just be wasting your time and probably end up here writing similar stay-clear warnings.
critique9747 Put a DVD of this flick in a time capsule and it will definitely illustrate for future generations a perfect example of one which warrants the minimal rating on a 1-to-10-star scale.<br /><br />Bill Cosby and Ray Romano have been at the top - in ratings and with tens of millions in earnings annually - with their television series'. Yet each has had no success in big-screen offerings. This has also been true for other TV personalities - perhaps because many of the stories which are presented for two hours or so seem more suited to either a 10-minute skit or at most the 22 or 23 minutes of drama during a half-hour program.<br /><br />This film however doesn't have one single element which would warrant two or three minutes of time on MAD TV SNL or anywhere else on a screen or stage.<br /><br />Its origination date is listed as 2002 but release date - to DVD only - is shown as 2004. It also was filmed not long before Rodney Dangerfield's death so its one redeeming value is that it probably provided at lease a few hundred thousand more dollars for his heirs.<br /><br />I'd never heard of it but found it when turning-on my set and frankly became fascinated by it. Some movies are so truly awful that they rate a sort of top rating in reverse - so bad that you can move the dial backwards to a 9 or 10. "Plan 9 from Outer Space" is the best example - and the Bruce Jenner/Village People opus "Can't Stop the Music" is another.<br /><br />Unfortunately this flick falls short even there. Even if Rodney's earlier work (as well as some of his fellow cast-members') fell short of "Citizen Kane" or "Casablanca" there were many moments of humor and a story providing at least a modicum of interest.<br /><br />Unfortunately this presentation doesn't seem to possess even a minute or two's worth of such material.
critique9748 This might be unbelievable but this movie has grossed $878138 in Russia! It's shown in almost all cinema theaters and still running! Well I have no idea why distributors put their eye on this particular uh "movie" which had almost no screening around the world. That's some kind of enigma! Haha! Maybe it was based on the fact that another movie "Pledge This" with Paris Hilton which was as well released only DVD almost everywhere had major screenings in Russia and grossed more than 1mln$. Besides both movies had a lot of promotion like there were the banners all over the city TV commercials and etc. Speaking about movie I'd say it's dull and absolutely boring. It could be better really. Even if it has Jessica Simpson.
critique9749 This flick is TERRIBLE! It sets out to disgust and make you laugh but it fails horribly. The director obviously has no sense of slap stick gore comedy and the actors are like nothing I've ever seen - lacking both acting talent and flair of comedy. Even their attempt at the English languish is really sad and actually the down right peculiar Swedish accent in which the incoherent dialog is spoken is probably the most comical and enjoyable thing about this film. Even the gore i awful and unconvincing. If you crave gore comedy I'd suggest you turn to classic fare such as the evil dead series or even brain dead if you must. We all enjoy a bloody good laugh but this is ridiculous!
critique9750 This is by the far worst piece of cr4p I've ever seen in my life. It barely made sense. It wasn't scary at all (unless you class scary as loud noises and screaming?) Sarah-Michelle Gellar needs to stop with these sh1tty horror films. I think everyone else in the cinema agreed with me when i shouted "SHITE" when the credits rolled up. <br /><br />On my list of the worst movies ever made this is how it would go:<br /><br />1. The Return 2. Cabin Fever 3. Silent Hill<br /><br />The reason i made Silent Hill 3rd is because it showed some frightening scenes but the rest was absolute cr4p. Same with cabin fever made no sense but the return topped that list. Its worse than Silent Hill and Cabin Fever put together
critique9751 Sorry folks! This is without a doubt the worst film I have ever seen. Sometimes when a movie is really bad you can joke about it and have a good laugh (like Plan 9 from outer space) this movie is so bad you canÃ‚Â´t even enjoy it on an ironic level.
critique9752 I was not very excited to see this movie in the first place but a group of us decided to go see it on opening night. I felt like getting up and walking out and attempting to get my money back 20 minutes into this film. I felt that the movie was very boring uninteresting and not true in many aspects including "gaming". I tried my best not to fall asleep during the movie as i watched one of the worst horror films i have ever seen. The scary movie series was scarier than this movie. The sad attempt to pull in a Gothic girl an overworked business man and 15 year old geek and some random guy into a video game that kills you is a bad plot to begin with. Then they try to throw in a very horrible love scene where the main character kisses another girl after saving her 10 minutes after his girlfriend was murdered. The theater was packed when the movie started by then end a little over half of the people had left before it was over. If you feel the need to waste only 1 hour and 16 minutes of your time seeing this movie ... prepare to feel cheated.
critique9753 Avoid the USA version. It is with added US footage and the worst dubbing you've ever heard probably done by New York amateurs. The dubbing is so bad that it sounds like Mystery Science Theater 3000. I think a black guy from the Bronx does Chiba's voice. I couldn't watch the entire film it was that bad. Instead of this Americanized version watch Chiba's other greats like The Streetfighter or Karate Warriors.
critique9754 Just saw this movie yesterday night and I almost cried. No it wasn't because it got me utterly petrified no. It was absolutely HORRENDOUS! Sometimes you see movies that make you wonder what will become of the human race in the near future - this movie is one of those. It's as though the writer actors director et al just came together and copied and pasted scenes of their favorite horror flicks zipped it all together and said "hey here's Satan's whip!!!" After seeing this movie I could not help but be tormented by the sight of people whom call themselves "actors"; waltzing around like they're some kind of talented artistic interpreters... do not be fooled they suck! Don't bother wasting your time or money!!!
critique9755 Not worth the video rental or the time or the occasional efforts.<br /><br />*Makeup that a child can do. *Acting was over done...poor directing. *Editing was very choppy...many things made no sense or just seemed gratuitous. *Sound was badly dubbed. *Music was highly inappropriate. *Casting was extremely off...must have been on crack. *Zombies that talk let alone...drive dance work...just pisses me off. *And the bad guy...Holy Crap! As horribly casted as he was...he was the best looking zombie of all. Which doesn't say much.<br /><br />The Cover Art was good but very deceiving...as was the Main Menu of the DVD...great artwork and music.<br /><br />DON"T BOTHER!
critique9756 Just too many holes in this movie to be enjoyable AND WORSE OF ALL a bizarre almost Hollywood-like ending that is completely out of context with the rest of the movie (this is not a spoiler as you will never guess how it ends!).<br /><br />YOu will also need to be thick skinned to all sorts of politically correct undertones. The conflict between whites and blacks was highly contrived and one sided. I didn't understand why the author had the local black communinity behave in such an unacceptable manner is he / she trying to be racist?<br /><br />A truly bizare movie. Only watch if you like to be really annoyed by holes in the plot and like to debate all the things that may or may not have supposed to have happened.<br /><br />But on the positive side the filming and acting is excellent.
critique9757 I was very disappointed by this movie. Ms English who says that she is a fan of the original movie seemed to have taken a great piece of artistic work and transformed it into a flat-lined "ho-hum" you've come a long way baby production. I tried to like Meg Ryan's Mary Haines but she was just boring. She didn't seem to feel anything about her husband's affair. There was no emotional struggle no deep hurt. In the original 1939 movie Norma Shearer's Mary Haines felt betrayed shocked vulnerable confused and angry. The 2008 production was more about some fake sisterhood theme (Actually my wife's words)and didn't make you shed a tear or even chuckle. The only performances that were note worthy we're of Debra Messing and Bette Midler. (I wanted more of Bette.) There was really no protagonist in this movie. The Sylvia Fowler character had too many sub themes to it. And Crystal Allen had no fire. The remake of the department store encounter with Annette Benning and Miss Mendez was Luke warm. Also the pacing was slow as well. Obviously the 1939 version needed to be updated but this one wasn't it. The reason that the original version worked so well was that the characters were dealing with "man" problems. A subject by the way which isn't out-dated. The magic of the original movie was that the movie was about both sexes while you never saw the men.
critique9758 Me and a friend rented this movie because it sounded really good. But we were wrong. First of the acting....wow...the acting was the worst the effects were really bad as well it seemed like a film a college kid made. The plot was pretty good but it'd been done. The thing that ruined the movies the most were the actors. The main guy was the worst actor ever...it's a shame I'm even calling him an actor...The only good thing about this movie was it was so bad it was funny...so if you want a good laugh see it....but other than that...stay far away from this one. I usually love B list movies and such but this one... I do not know how it was passed to even be put on video...this one is the worst I've seen..and I've seen some bad ones.
critique9759 A terrible deception: controversial film winner of the Teddy in Berlin 2003 Mil nubes de paz turned out to be a fiasco. The actors are all reciting (well they are not exactly actors); the film tried to be a high bet but ends up being a doubtful bet: it stays in the superficiality of two guys kissing and a guy whose lover is gone; it has no purpose: nothing to do with the homo-sexuality presented in other films (e.g. Before Night Falls (2000) by Julian Schnabel). Technically the only thing that works is the photography; otherwise the camera is put in strange angles (to make it more `art-film') and the whole film runs in a black and white atmosphere. The film is so pretentious that bothers. I mean it's good to be pretentious when you have talent to support it. Or maybe it is that it's so art-cinema that it's incomprehensible. The story flows slowly slowly slowly. To me more form than essence. Superb edition? It was good. Superb direction? Don't think so: the film is weak. It was an interesting project. It's a shame. It's a flaw. One star out of four.
critique9760 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** When I saw a preview for this movie I thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline. But as most superstation original movies I was left disapointed. This gullible family ends up driving through this "deserted" town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear the family goes through all these mysterious stages and never discovers or displays what the heck is stalking them. Their are more gaps than I can count and they don't explain anything that happens how or what. It ends where the family gets in a car accident and get posest or brainwashed or something( which is never explained). The next thing you know ur hoping they somehow find out how all it happened but it ends leaving you completely confused.
critique9761 I loved this movie 10 years ago when I was about 16 years old. My biggest mistake was to watch it again 10 years later. It's not the worst "I-wanna-be-a-pilot" movies ever but it has so many flaws in it that you can hardly overlook them.<br /><br />Queen's "One Vision" (along with the rest of the soundtrack) makes this film better than the average patriotic nonsense you usually get to see ;)<br /><br />****------
critique9762 For the first forty minutes Empire really shapes itself up: it appears to be a strong confident and relatively unknown gangster flick. At the time I didn't know why I thought it was good- but now I do. <br /><br />One of the main problems with this film is that it is purely and utterly distasteful. I don't mind films with psychos and things to prove a point- take Jackie Brown for example- but they're all so terribly shallow in this but that is obviously thrown in for entertainment. You literally feel a knot pull in your stomach. Another major problem is the protagonist. He is smug arrogant yet- ironically enough- not that bad. He doesn't seem tight enough to be a drug-dealing woman killer. The fact is at the end of the day this film is completely pretentious. Not slick not clever just dull and meaningless- this colossal mess should be avoided at all costs. <br /><br />* out of ***** (1 out of 5)
critique9763 Now I myself am a lover of the B movie genre but this piece of trash insults me to no end. First of all the movie is starring Lizzy McGuire's brother as the annoying little kid that goes looking for his lost 3 legged dog. Now please what kind of dumb ass mistakes a three-legged dog for a god damn mutated crocodile please I ask you? And heres another point for pondering why do they show the Dinocroc on the back of the movie box being enormous and actually in the water? I believe if memory serves the thing spent about 2.6 minutes in the water and was just shy of 6 feet tall that was a heart breaker. But redeeming qualities to this movie were that it was so bad that i almost died laughing because believe me the bad acting made me wish for death. But the fact remains that once again this thing is created by another military testing site to train super crocodiles for military combat or something like that from the source of all things evil E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget the characters let's see we have jerk off #1 as the male lead and half way decent chick (who doesn't know how to act) as the female lead to that I say WOW! The only thing worse then the acting was the end of course the heroes spend about what seems like 2 hours talking and planning some long elaborate way of killing the dinocroc only to have it fail and kill it in an ordinary way that could have taken about 15 seconds to come up with. All in all this movie was beyond gay with its random opera music in the background and the fact that it was probably the gayest of all CGI monsters ever made along with the fact it of course was impervious to bullets and bombs (otherwise it wouldn't have been made for the military DUH!). By far the best scene was when Lizzy McGuire's brother runs into the shack and the dinocroc eats him causing his head to pop clean off with a popping noise i might add. I believe that you would be better off shooting yourself between the eyes then to watch Dinocroc. And as for the director I believe that we should get a bunch of people to hang him by a noose and all take turns kicking him in the crotch for wasting an hour and a half of our lives until he finally dies and then I can go on living.
critique9764 Have not watched kids films for some years so I missed "Here Come the Tigers" when it first came out. (Never even saw "Bad News Bears" even though in the '70s I worked for the guys who arranged financing for that movie "Warriors" "Man Who Would Be King" and "Rocky Horror Picture Show" among others.) Now I like to check out old or small movies and find people who have gone on to great careers despite being in a less than great movie early on. Just minutes into this movie I could take no more and jumped to the end credits to see if there was a young actor in this movie who had gone on to bigger and better things--at least watching for his/her appearance would create some interest as the plot and acting weren't doing the job. Lo and behold I spied Wes Craven's name in the credits as an electrical gaffer. He'd already made two or three of his early shockers but had not yet created Freddie Krueger or made the "Scream" movies. Maybe he owed a favor and helped out on this pic. More surprising was Fred J. Lincoln in the cast credits as "Aesop" a wacky character in the movie. F.J. Lincoln from the '70s to just a few years ago appeared in and produced adult films. He was associated with the adult spoof "The Ozporns" and just that title is funnier than all of "Tigers" attempts at humor combined. Let the fact that an adult actor was placed in a kids movie be an indication as to how the people making this movie must have been asleep at the wheel.
critique9765 This is actually an insult to the victims and their families of the BTK killer. The events in this movie are not even close to the truth. Why they couldn't make a movie of the real events doesn't make any sense since the real events are more interesting then this made up farce. Don't even waste your time watching this for free. Low budget and a shameful depiction of the events which should not be made a joke of which is really what this movie did. If they would allow me to give a -10 to this movie I would. The acting sucked and it looks like it was shot on an old VHS video camera from the 80s. Save your time and money by not watching this movie.
critique9766 Poorly written conspiracy drama/mystery about the possibility that AIDS was introduced to the public by the government. Wlaschiha plays a gay researcher looking for answers--that within this foggy plot would be hard for anyone to find. Despite the cinematography itself being commendable the camera hungers for characters of true depth instead of the shallow amateur acting it unfortunately has to convey. Grade: D+
critique9767 This is a movie with a wonderful concept but very weak writing. It should never have been released with out at least three more re-writes (assuming it got any). The story is too loosly held together and there are too many 90 degree turns in the story to make it a cohesive movie. It would be great to see what a decent screen-writer could do with the story.
critique9768 Wow... just... wow. There are a lot of reviews on this movie already but I wanted to add some comments of my own. I agree with most reviewers who have said this movie has terrible acting writing and directing - whoo boy does it ever. However I think there is some other problems here.<br /><br />1. Why is Christian belief and the allowance for extraterrestrial life mutually exclusive? The film acts as though you just can't be a Christian and also allow for the possibility? Why? They ever-so-briefly touch on this in the film (i.e. "The Bible doesn't say there is aliens." "Well the Bible doesn't say there isn't.) but the actual rebuttal is never answered. The Bible really doesn't say there isn't. So how about dealing with the question instead of dismissing it out of hand? Or better yet acknowledge that this is an infinite universe we live in and if we believe in an infinite God there is the possibility that he made some other life somewhere and has his own plans for them.<br /><br />2. How come the ONLY two explanations for the abductions that are valid are demons and hoax? What about sleep paralysis and night terrors which have been linked to abduction experiences? What if it's something else entirely? Too bad the film makers already have their minds made up.<br /><br />3. The film makers claim that all who have had abduction experiences have had ties to the occult. That's a pretty big claim to make without any factual evidence to present. I'm not necessarily arguing that they don't but if you're going to say something so asinine you'd better have the facts to back it up.<br /><br />4. Why does the other reporter (not the Greasy Haired Blonde Guy the other one) always have his hands in his pockets? It's hard to take someone seriously when they're constantly playing pocket pool.<br /><br />I WISH this had been an exploration of Christian faith and UFO phenomena but unfortunately the film makers were too concerned with their "Faith Message" to care much about make a thought provoking movie. As a Christian myself this saddens me.
critique9769 Okay what the hell kind of TRASH have I been watching now? "The Witches' Mountain" has got to be one of the most incoherent and insane Spanish exploitation flicks ever and yet at the same time it's also strangely compelling. There's absolutely nothing that makes sense here and I even doubt there ever was a script to work with but somehow I couldn't turn it off. The scratching your head with confusion starts right away with an opening sequence about an angry little girl that killed her mother's cat. So you think this film revolves on children possessed by evil forces? Heck no because after this intro the girl and her wickedness simply aren't mentioned anymore. Then cut to a guy with the most impressively trimmed mustache you'll ever see who breaks up with his girlfriend in a rather unsubtle way. When she asks him to spend his vacation with her he promptly phones his employer requesting him any type of assignment! Great move. The movie finally starts now as he travels to an isolated mountain area to photograph some peaks. Though not before he picks up a new girl (Patty Shepard) and photographs her topless! Throughout their journey all kind of strange events occur that Ã‚Â– you guessed it Ã‚Â– are never explained. The girl wakes up in the middle of the forest loud petrifying music plays everywhere and someone even steals the jeep! Really car jacking witches? Apparently a coven of silent witches owns the mountains and they practice voodoo on trespassers. That's as close as I get describing the plot but there's a good chance I'm way offÃ‚Â… More important here is the atmosphere! "The Witches' Mountain" is occasionally very creepy with its spooky music and interesting cinematography. The supportive characters all look uncanny and the ravishing Patty Shepard plays a good heroine. This is the type of European horror film that could have been legendary if only someone had bothered to write a structured screenplay.
critique9770 I'm so sorry but I have to tell this film was the most terrible I have ever seen before. I thought that it will be a good film after 8mm. WHAT A SELL!!! There were nothing interesting in it except the beautiful Hungarian women. Everything might be known forward. It's a miracle I didn't sleep trough all. I don't understand how might you let make it!! I'm so sorry but I have to tell this film was the most terrible I have ever seen before. I thought that it will be a good film after 8mm. WHAT A SELL!!! There were nothing interesting in it except the beautiful Hungarian women. Everything might be known forward. It's a miracle I didn't sleep trough all. I don't understand how might you let make it!!
critique9771 There was absolutely nothing in this film that hadn't been done better in a hundred other films. It was barely worth the trouble of watching through to the end. Even the bad language sounded tired. Tom McCamus a very fine actor was particularly disappointing here.
critique9772 Just looking at the sets staging and editing it is easy to tell this project lacked a proper budget. Maybe Bela Lugosi is meant to take your mind off of things like that. Young brides drop dead at the altar after saying "I do". Their corpses are stolen by a renowned horticulturist Dr. Lorenz(Lugosi)and a couple of his freakish minions as his aging wife(Elizabeth Russell)needs injections of the glandular fluids of the young virgins to remain forever young...forever beautiful. An eager local cub reporter(Luana Walters)realizes that each missing bride wore the same rare orchid to the altar; an orchid in which Dr. Lorenz would be most knowledgeable. A typical horror movie storm brews making a visit to the Lorenz estate a bit spooky; especially with a dwarf and a slobbering hunchback on the premises. Other players: Angelo Rossitto Tristram Coffin Minerva Urecal and Frank Moran.
critique9773 The Return is one of those movies for that niche group of people who like movies that bore and confuse them at the same time. Sarah Michelle Gellar plays a lame buisnesswoman who does not kill vampires or get naked at all throughout the movie. I was willing to put up with this however I was not willing to put up with the worst editing ever combined with pointless flashbacks. At the end it turns out she crashes her car into herself when she was young. Or maybe I'm wrong and that was just a flashback. With this movie it's impossible to tell. Can you believe the same dude who made Army of Darkness produced this crap? A much better idea is to stay at home and watch Army of Darkness on Sci Fi channel. That movie had it all: sluts zombies and a dude with a chainsaw for an arm. The Forgotten didn't even have one of these things.
critique9774 War is in your blood Rambo says early in the film "don't fight it". Say what? Is the scriptwriter taking the Mickey out of Sly? It is impossible for any person with a primary school education to miss the joke here. Yet Stallone utters it without a hint of irony.<br /><br />The same lack of humour applies to the movie. Rambo IV is an over-the-top idiotic actioner that would have been funny without intention if it weren't sickeningly violent. A redneck fantasy of the basest kind where villains are so villainous it is not enough just to kill them Ã‚Â– you have to dismember them with relish. Stallone stops at no blue-collar clichÃƒÂ© to make his point. It is not enough for the chief villain to be feed-them-to-the-pigs throw-babies-into-fire kind of sadist. He is also a pedophile homosexual.<br /><br />What is happening to IMDb? Is it taken over by the Rifle Society? How can this loathsome excuse for gross exploitation rate that high? I like a good action movie as much as the next man but this is not entertainment Ã‚Â– this is pornography of violence that trivializes and ultimately denigrates the real tragedy of Myanmar. The only good thing about the movie is that Sly doesn't take his shirt off. For this I will give it one star...
critique9775 GOLD RAIDERS (1951)<br /><br />A dull western/comedy feature with the Three Stooges (including Shemp Howard at this point who I've always enjoyed as the "third Stooge") doing their usual schtick and directed by the normally dependable Edward Bernds who also did some of their funniest classic shorts -- so one has to wonder just what went wrong this time? The most probable answer is that what worked pretty good as a 15-minute two-reeler comes up as too much for a 55-minute feature film. Unlike so many of their classic short subjects GOLD RAIDERS is not worth revisiting.<br /><br />*1/2 of ****
critique9776 This 30 minute documentary BuÃƒÂ±uel made in the early 1930's about one of Spain's poorest regions is in my opinion one of his weakest films. First let's admit that 70 years later Spain is much richer than it was then (and when I say this I fully admit that wealth can bring problems of its own like excessive individualism and consumerism though all in all wealth it's a far better condition than the extreme poverty portrayed here). And if poverty receded in Spain it was not exactly with the sort of socialism that BuÃƒÂ±uel favored but with Western European style capitalism. But one of the most shocking things about the movie is this: in one scene the narrator chides that in school children are taught the value of Pi. Teaching math to poor people the horror!. BuÃƒÂ±uel shortsightedness is at its most glaring here not realizing that it is access to the latest knowledge and technology what will help the poor overcome their situation. What is he proposing? That children are taught exactly what at school? Doesn't BuÃƒÂ±uel understand that it is the lack of modern technology that has made them poor in comparison with other people?
critique9777 This movie was disappointing. It was incomplete and dull. While Alec Baldwin tried to portray himself as the Perfect fair and just prosecutor (not to mention executive producer) the movie never showed any of the defense counsels or tried to challenge the audience with an actual meaningful debate on the subject of how a country could be led down such a terrible path.<br /><br />Sure nobody wants to defend the Nazi's point of view but THAT WAS THE POINT of the Nuremberg Trails! Four hours of simply bashing on the Nazi's.... c'mon! Thats been done already!<br /><br />I really think Alec Baldwin should just stick to being Kim Bassinger's husband.<br /><br />Right after the movie ended TNT showed the 1959 movie Trail at Nuremberg. That movie is FAR superior.
critique9778 The acting was horrible. The special effects while exceptional dominated the movie. The writing was pathetic and the dialogue was unbelievable. And the silly little love story between Liv Tyler and Ben Affleck was out of place.<br /><br />But the worst offense of "Armageddon" was the total lack of scientific reality. "The asteroid is the size of Texas" says Billy Bob Thornton. Er that's 800 miles wide! No one in NASA even sees the asteroid until a midday meteor shower wrecks havoc in New York? Suuuuure. NASA hires a drilling team to join the astronauts and trains them in a week? Yeah right. Someone brings a sidearm on the Space Shuttle with them? Yeah that's realistic. And Bruce Willis blows up the asteroid with three seconds to spare. How Disney-esque!<br /><br />How bad was this movie? I rooted for the asteroid!
critique9779 There is a really good movie lurking just beneath the surface of the layers upon layers of cheese that is "the Pagemaster".<br /><br />I found this out when I watched this again this morning after neglecting it for years and years. I remember hating it with a passion when it first came out but this time I found that the special effects are quite good. The plot is just "the Neverending Story" with a creativity-endectomy but it's an okay little flick for anyone who just wants some really awesome eye-candy. The animation is amazing and I especially liked how the animators let their characters look and act a bit more surrealistic than the norm. I'm giving it a grade of three as I *would* have given it a two (just for parody value) if I had ever decided to watch this movie expecting it to absolutely blow my mind story-wise.
critique9780 I don't know where to begin. Perhaps the whole idea of this movie was just a disaster waiting to happen. There is nothing slightly humorous about a kidnapping. I don't know what was more offensive--the subject matter or David Arquette's "performance". It was like watching a bull get it's penis cut off although I think the bull felt better afterwards. The filmmakers should find something about Sinatra other than his son's kidnapping to show (like I don't know his TALENT AS A SINGER!!!!). His family shouldn't have to relive that horror. Thank GOD it was just shown on HBO and not released in theaters. Please don't watch this if you have any self respect.
critique9781 Don't get me wrong. I've got a considerable soft spot for the works of Charles Band both as producer and director. But you've got to raise an eyebrow when the man who was willing to put his name to "Dollman Vs The Demonic Toys" sticks a pseudonym on anything. As a bit of bad-movie fun "Head Of The Family" is rather lacking although it is better acted than you might expect. Jacqueline Lovell is a definite talent who deserves better than these kinds of movies. J.W. Perra is also quite funny as the titular monster though for such a superintelligent being he does get hoodwinked quite easily. Y'know I'm nitpicking because the rest of the movie is so sharp and witty of course....<br /><br />And having a lead character called Lance Bogan? Nice one guys. We didn't know you Americans knew that piece of slang!
critique9782 A Nightmare on Elm Street: The Dream Child<br /><br />This is a bad movie. There's no escaping it. I love the series and I think Freddy is probably the best character ever in horror movies. But even being a fan I can't help but see this movie is mediocre.<br /><br />There's not even an effort to build an interesting story and strong characters. By now they had just given up. They don't even try. They are the production of course hoping for a few more easy dollars.<br /><br />The story doesn't grab your attention. Its so simple it's almost absent.<br /><br />Alice a survivor from part 4 is now pregnant. Freddy is coming back through the baby's dreams. At the beginning we learn that to stop him Alice must find his mother. And that's it. <br /><br />The story advances slowly since there's so little plot meaning it turns pretty boring after a few minutes of bad dialogues and awful acting. In fact that's the only scary thing the acting since the deaths are not even slightly cool. <br /><br />The characters are so uninteresting we couldn't care less for them.<br /><br />The girls are as unattractive as possible. The whole cast reminded me of a bad amateur theatre group. I've seen better actors in school plays. It's embarrassing really.<br /><br />Lisa Wilcox still manages to bring some class to this. She is beautiful sexy and has some talent. But the material just didn't let her shine. What a pity.<br /><br />Stephen Hopkins work is nowhere close to Renny HarlinÃ‚Â´s brilliant direction in Dream Master. He tries some imaginative shots near the end but that tension Harlin and Craven created so well in the previous movies is no where to be found.<br /><br />The Dream Child is just another unimaginative sequel. It's the kind of movie that give horror series a bad name. <br /><br />The end for the once scary Freddy. It's too sad to see him now. A clown that's not funny. A bad joke. Goodbye Freddy.
critique9783 This movie is so bad there are not words to describe it. If I got a video camera of a monkey dancing for an hour and a half it would be a heck of a lot more entertaining than this. The plot is so dull and unimaginitive it is not even worth mentioning. The best part of the movie was when the credits roled and I got a chuckle out of knowing the lead actors name was James Bond III. Just trust me and stay far away from this trash heap!
critique9784 Ignoring (if possible) the tediously gratuitous marijuana smoking (which seems to be mandatory in Australian government-funded films) the cast of this movie gives a reasonably credible performance. That's a far as it goes. The rest is simply awful. The plot's overburdened with "wow" symbolisms which are meant to look good on film but go nowhere. A gross example is the giant peach float obviously left over from a town parade and donated by the local canning factory. It was just too tempting to waste what was hopefully a free but nevertheless irrelevant prop! The peach is given a cursory unexplained wash-down at one stage but that's where it ends.<br /><br />Similarly the contrived "black spot" road sign where Steph's parents were killed is intended to symbolize the eventual escape from her past but her escape to what? She's had a pretty good deal where she was especially considering her visual disability and the unending loving patience and care of her understanding young female guardian.<br /><br />The Guinness' prize for corny melodrama however goes to the characterization of Alan. Alan successfully aspires to the noble role of trade union shop steward but "rats" on his fellow workers by becoming a supervisor for a wicked multi-national - hiss! hiss! As a supervisor Alan performs the boss' villainous dirty work. He implements redundancies until surprise surprise the whole plant is closed and Alan himself is left as a pathetic unemployed failure. No clichÃƒÂ©-free zones here mate! Not only this but Alan also loses the seductive Steph from the most unlikely relationship you'd encounter. If you think the plot is melodramatic and didactic don't ask about detail. What's the significance of the shaving cream on Steph's seductive leg? Why doesn't the hotel where the couple makes love eventually twig that someone's gaining illegal entry to one of its grandest bedrooms and among other pandemoniums the sheets are regularly soiled - quite spectacularly on one occasion. Summing this movie up in one word: Avoid Avoid Avoid.
critique9785 This film is bad. It's filled with glaring plot holes characters who are ruled by stupidity bad acting and above all a poor script which has been done before in many many films only better. I feel sorry for Donald Sutherland I just hope he had to do this film rather than wanted to! Miss it.
critique9786 I rated this a 3. The dubbing was as bad as I have seen. The plot - yuck. I'm not sure which ruined the movie more. Jet Li is definitely a great martial artist but I'll stick to Jackie Chan movies until somebody tells me Jet's English is up to par.
critique9787 This movie is an embarrassment to film-making. I can't believe it was even listed as a comedy - not funny. Not only was the script atrocious but the casting people should be shot. Gail O'Grady is just a great actress but beyond that... %99 of the rest of the cast...ouch. Pretty much everyone else...wow it is hard to even...wow. Here is the number one rule about comedy "DON'T TRY TO BE FUNNY". There are a lot of very talented actors in Canada who can do drama and comedy - none of them were used in this film. Canadian nepotism and casting directors are helping to perpetuate bad film-making in Canada. I realize this is technically a "US" film but look at the director actors location etc. I just saw this on Bravo - they should be ashamed that they bought the rights to show this film. Again there are a lot of great films out there that can't get airtime and they show this crap.
critique9788 Advertised by channel seven in Australia as the "untold story" this miniseries undoes itself in the first five minutes by washing over the titular character's childhood and adolescence in less time than a good director will use to set up a single event. This cowardice and self-censorship for the fear of offending anyone permeates the series and is ultimately responsible for its failure.<br /><br />Robert Carlyle puts in a valiant performance as the most hated man of the twentieth century but he is hamstrung by two things. The lack of a decent dialogue coach on the series leaves his Northern-UK heritage shining blindingly through his physical appearance and the dialogue is at times truly abysmal. Apparently acknowledging the fact that Hitler was raised in a Catholic family is off limits but insulting millions of Vikings and their descendants by having Carlyle spew the most ridiculous lines about Valhalla is quite okay. Well here's a clue for the writers - any person familiar with Viking mythology will tell you that Valhalla is about the embodiment of honour and might in battle two things that the Nazis quickly eschewed in favour of rat cunning and backstabbing. Until we can wake up to ourselves and realise that the reason Hitler has never been excommunicated from the Catholic church is because it would require the embarassing acknowledgement that he was once a member we will never learn what this awful period of the world's history has to teach us.<br /><br />So now that we've managed to insult Vikings and the citizens of Scandinavian countries in this sham you'd think the series would stop there but it doesn't. Stockard Channing's listing in the opening credits was particularly eyebrow-raising given that her voice is heard and her face seen for about thirty seconds at the most during the opening credits making it patently transparent that more footage of Hitler's early days were shot but not included because of a typical nanny-state fear of offending someone. It is also quite ironic that the films or miniseries which give a far better insight into Hilter's character do not feature him at all.<br /><br />Until we learn to stop sugar-coating the truth and realise that the citizenry of Germany was mostly unopposed to Hitler's views and not necessarily through ignorance we will never learn to deal with the fact that subversions of democracy (yes Germany was a democracy pre-Hitler) can occur anywhere we are doomed. That's the one thing this mini-series got right in portraying. Unfortunately that element is lost in attempts to make Hitler's religious beliefs appear those of a much more valiant people and the inability to scratch past the surface in any part of the subject matter. David Letterman's show had it pegged when they ran short satirical segments about the series. They really might as well have made a family sitcom with him as the star that's how badly it was written.<br /><br />All in all this politically correct farce of a bio-pic is worth no points but I gave it two because Robert Carlyle definitely deserves better material than this and he is about the only thing in it that works.
critique9789 I have seen romantic comedies and this is one of the easiest/worst attempts at one. A lot of the scenes work in a plug-and-play manner inserted strictly to conform to the romantic-comedy genre. Usually this is okay because we're dealing with a genre but the challenge generally resides in making it original new and inventive. This movie fails to do so.<br /><br />There is no sense of who the characters really are apart from Sylvie Moreau's (who is the real star of this movie not Isabelle Blais). They fit into this one-dimensional clichÃƒÂ© and they become nothing more than simple puppets serving the purpose of a very light narrative.<br /><br />The pacing of the movie can become annoying rhythm lacks and the editing is filled with unnecessary close-ups. I should also mention the overly stylized decors making some scenes devoid of any naturally or rather making the attempt at naturally seem too obvious. Of course along with that you have the right-on-cue sappy music which unfortunately often sounds mismatched.<br /><br />I can't believe that a movie who makes obvious Woody Allen allusions ends up being this deceptive. If you expect a good light-hearted romantic comedy this is not it. Or rather this a poor attempt at it. You will only leave the theater wondering why this film has been getting such praise when cinema is now more than 100 years old and there are far superior Quebecois directors making better flicks.<br /><br />Les Aimants is a good movie for what it is. But it's a bad one if you regard cinema as an art and directors as auteur's.
critique9790 What starts out as an interesting story quickly disintegrates into nothing. Don't bother watching to the end hoping for an explanation of what is stalking the visitors there is no ending. No explanation no resolution zip. This could have been a good movie it they had purchased an entire script.
critique9791 An hulking alien beastie crash-lands on Earth and soon wrecks havoc upon the populace first using his laser ray gun to dissolve into dust almost every human he catches sight off (that is when his aim isn't terribly off) and later his bare claws with which he likes to rip out and eat human spleen! <br /><br />All in all it's pretty silly stuff. I do have to give it some points for being somewhat fun at times. I actually enjoyed the mindless ray gun battle at the beginning and some of the later over the top gore effects. However it doesn't help when the monster provides the movie's only truly entertaining moments and he isn't on screen for a large portion of the film's running time. The acting throughout this is just plain awful and amateurish and our lead hero Sheriff Cinder is much too unattractive to be bagging the film's hottest chick. I also have to take off points for blatantly copying THE THING FROM ANOTHER WORLD (1951) on several occasions. When the monster isn't on a rampage NIGHTBEAST is far too dull and eventually his attacks become so repetitive and predictable even they become less fun. Watch this one back to back with the 1951 THING and see the difference characterization attention to plot and detail and creating suspense makes to a monster on the loose movie.
critique9792 First of all this movie is not a comedy; unless you really force yourself you can hardly laugh. Secondly the movie is slow and boring. The acting is not bad but not special. There is a Lucky Luke comic about two families (one with big noses and one with big ears) fighting each other in a small town... you will laugh much more if you read this instead of wasting your time with this movie. Religions and dogmas are not the best source to make a good comedy and this movie does nothing more than confirm this rule. There is a similar subject comedy '' The home teachers'' ; this had some good moments. My final comment is: do not waste your time and money to watch this uninspired and boring film.
critique9793 Spanish horror icon Paul Naschy stars in this one of his weakest werewolf films... but bear with me for a moment. Most people will be familiar with it under its most common television title THE FURY OF THE WOLF MAN and there have been many home video versions of it over the years. If you want to be serious about giving it a fair shot though the most workable edition I've seen of it goes by the title THE WOLF MAN NEVER SLEEPS and it's an unedited and complete European version which restores a couple of disturbing scenes and contains the original nude shots which are missing from FURY's print. It is also letterboxed.<br /><br />Naschy plays Waldemar Daninsky returning home from a trip to Tibet only to find out that he's contracted a werewolf curse and that his wife has been having an affair. He takes care of her and her lover while in animal form but then becomes a guinea pig for a sexy woman doctor and her female assistant. Apparently the doc attempts to "tame" the werewolf and there is a very strange sado-masochistic love scene between her and the hairy and fanged Daninsky who is under her trance at least in the original version. Ultimately we get two werewolves for the price of one as Daninsky battles a she-wolf! <br /><br />The biggest problem with the movie is that the director (according to Naschy's claims) was often drunk and the results are indeed rather incoherent. When watching THE WOLF MAN NEVER SLEEPS copy it's not quite as difficult to make out what's going on though the editing remains atrocious in spots. Worst of all is occasional non-matching footage of Naschy's ravenous werewolf swiped straight from another previous film (LA MARC DEL HOMBRE LOBO aka "FRANKENSTEIN'S BLOODY TERROR") and mixed into this one without any sensible reason! The wolf's clothing changes from black shirt to white and back again as does his demeanor; one moment the wolf is walking around lethargically in a hypnotic trance from FURY next he is growling and running around savagely from BLOODY TERROR. Really bizarre.
critique9794 This movie was on the Romance channel and I thought it might be a goofy 80's movie that would be enjoyable on some level so my brother and I watched it. Boy did it suck. Boy gets crush on girl--correction his *dream*-girl (apparently there is a difference; and I'm surprised he realized she was his dream girl--he was smitten with her from over 30 feet away. I guess that just goes to show the power of dream-girls) boy ends up masquerading as a female to be near dream-girl (creative in the sense that it's a far-out plan but un-creative in the sense that there are probably better solutions one might think up) awkward situations ensue a match is made (all of which takes seems to take place around late afternoon--either the location was somehow responsible for this odd lighting or the actors had to wait until they got off of their day-jobs to come to the set; I suspect the latter). Very clumsily done very pathetic. It's almost never even amusing *accidentally* so there really is nothing to redeem it. Unless you're interested in seeing Chad Lowe's early days before he finally got his piece of the pie with his role as the HIV-positive gay guy on the series "Life Goes On" or Gail O'Grady who was on NYPD Blue and probably got to stare at Dennis Franz's buttocks). But those are unlikely motives--I'd say "systematic derangement of the senses" would be a more justified purpose. I'm surprised I watched it all. I guess it's the kind of thing where halfway through you find yourself *still* watching due to some morbid self-flagellistic inner-issue and think you might as well finish it so you can tell your friends and family that you actually sat through such a horrible movie on the off-chance that it'll garner you some sympathy for the questionable state of your mental health. Can *You* Take the Challenge?
critique9795 Eh not a particular good slasher flick. So-so acting effects decent yet familiar and uninventive soundtrack.<br /><br />There are three deaths in close succession near the beginning of the movie that make for a fairly good scene in which it would seem anything goes. Apart from that there's a lot of characters wandering around not realizing what's going on or chasing after red herrings; more killing of time than of people. There are other deaths and the killer is an equal opportunity murderer not partial to any one implement. The killer also likes to set other people up to kill innocent people as well. The identity isn't revealed towards the end and motive is pretty thin and we really don't care.<br /><br />Supposedly the movie takes place around Christmas but this isn't a major factor. One scene gets lit by Christmas lights that's about it.<br /><br />The movie is rather dark with a muddy picture most of the time at least on the videotape I watched. Some of the dialog got a little lost in some of the opening scenes. The ending should have been stronger than it was. We think we realize what happened although there's a chance something else did.
critique9796 Three Russian aristocrats soak up the decadence of Monte Carlo despite the fact they are down to their last franc. In order to support their lavish lifestyle the three use the services of a counterfeiter and use the notes at the casinos hoping to exchange the bogus currency for a jackpot. Andrew Hughes a US envoy arrives at Monaco with his wife Helen and the three decide to make pals with the visitors hoping for financial assistance. One of the three Russians Count Sergius Karamzin plans to go further with continuous advance towards Helen while disappointing the Count's maid who loves Sergius. Eventually circumstances play their hand against the three aristocrats. Its obvious that Von Stroheim was trying to convey a message (with the foolishness of American women and the improper behaviors of the aristocrats) rather than tell a story and the film really can bore modern audiences like me easily by doing that. Even the acting which is great in later EvS like Greed and the Wedding March is just run of the mill here. The film could have used improvements on various levels. Rating 3.
critique9797 Absolutely the most boring movie I have ever spent my money on.This was a wrong choice for all these great stars to waste their reputations on. Boring! boring! boring! Each character was portrayed in a less than inspirational way. No acting talent shown -just reading a part. Alec can play realistic characters normally Gwynyth made herself look ugly for an unrewarding part Annette needs advise on how to pick the movies she chooses to play in as do all these big stars who have left me disappointed at the way they have all allowed their talents to be smothered in a feature that leaves much to be desired in entertainment. "Running with scissors" leads the public to anticipate great acting in a film that suggests experiencing tension and deep emotion. There was not one moment when the cast was able to portray any interpretation of this onto the screen. Maybe it was the director's fault----whatever.
critique9798 The film is about a sabretooth on the lose at a amusement park where teens are on a scavenger hunt. Since there are no rules they break into a building and start getting killed off. The deaths are cheesy and are dumb. But at least it had better effects then sabretooth. I gave it a three because Stacy was in it and I loved the movie Sabretooth. I thought it was okay but some deaths were off-screen. There was a dumb scene where the two teens kiss and the sabretooth's head pops out and the boy leaves his girlfriend behind leaving her to have her totally fake looking red guts out. Then the sabretooth gets up in the vents and bites the kids head off. The end death with the owner was totally fake looking graphics. Even that death was stupid because the statues tooth went through his mouth and hangs there like that will support it and there is a scene when a goth girl loses her contacts doesn't find them and seems like she doesn't need the. The film is idiotic and a waste of time.
critique9799 This movie was terrible...How can somebody even think that this movie was like the ones back in the "good old days" when Tim Thomerson was not even in it. And to make things worse they used clips from old trancer movies. Thats just terrible. NO trancer movie is complete without Tim Thomerson.I love Fullmoon films and i have been watching them since i was 4 years old. I have been through everything they have done and this movie almost made me lose it. Now i got a couple of lines to fill so i will keep going. Their way of breeding new trancers is completely stupid as well as way to send Jack back in time. What happened to the TCL Chamber. AND finally! What happened in the end of trancers 5 where lina says and i quote "Jack Has given me something special" AND her and some other broad looks at her stomach. I don't know...maybe a BABY is in there. There were so many other places of going to but fullmoon S'd the Bed
critique9800 Houseboat Horror is a great title for this film. It's absolutely spot-on and therefore the only aspect of the film for which I can give 10 out of 10. There are houseboats there is horror there's even horror that takes place on houseboats. But if there were ever a tagline for the film poster it would surely be 'Something shonky this way comes...' for Houseboat Horror is easily the worst Australian horror film I've ever seen not to mention one of the worst horror films I've ever seen and a fairly atrocious attempt at film-making in general. The good news is it's so bloody awful it sails straight through the zone of viewer contempt into the wonderful world of unintentional hilarity. It's worth watching *because* it's bloody awful.<br /><br />The category of 'worst' comes not from the storyline for the simple reason that there actually is one: a record producer a film crew and a rock band drive up to the mystifyingly-named Lake Infinity a picturesque rural retreat somewhere in Victoria (in reality Lake Eildon) to shoot a music video. Someone isn't especially happy to see them there and possibly in an attempt to do the audience a favour starts picking them off one by one with a very sharp knife. Even more mystifying is how long it takes the survivors to actually notice this <br /><br />On the surface it looks like a very bog-standard B-movie slasher. You've got highly-annoying youths intolerant elders creepy locals (one of whom a petrol station attendant would easily win a gurning competition) and let's face it my description of the murderer could easily be Jason Voorhees. Ah but if only the acting and production values were anywhere near as good as the comparative masterpiece that was Friday The 13th Part VII. Unfortunately Houseboat Horror is completely devoid of both these things.<br /><br />But in the end this only makes what you do get so ridiculous and amusing. Fans of one-time 'Late Show' and 'Get This' member Tony Martin will already be aware of some of the real dialogue gems ('Check out the view...you'll bar up!') while the actual song to accompany the music video is so bad it has to be heard to be believed - I can't help wondering if writer/director Ollie Wood hoped it would actually become a hit. The horror element is comparable I think to B-slashers of the genre and particularly of the period but there were times when I couldn't help imagining someone biting into a hamburger off-screen and seeing a volley of tomato sauce sprayed at the wall on-screen.<br /><br />Indeed if you've been listening to Tony Martin recommending this film as hilarious rubbish like myself I don't think you'll be disappointed. Any fans of 'so-bad-it's-good' horror should not pass up the opportunity. Whether you'll 'bar up' or not though is another matter. If on the other hand you are in search of genuine excellence in the Australian horror genre get yourself a copy of the incomparable 'Long Weekend' and don't look back.
critique9801 Is there any other time period that has been so exhaustively covered by television (or the media in general) as the 1960s? No. And do we really need yet another trip through that turbulent time? Not really. But if we must have one does it have to be as shallow as "The '60s"? <br /><br />I like to think that co-writers Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind for this two-part miniseries than what ultimately resulted especially given Couturie's involvement in the superb HBO movie "Dear America: Letters Home From Vietnam" which utilized little original music and no original footage letting the sights and sounds of the time speak for themselves. This presentation intercuts file footage with the dramatic production but it doesn't do anyone any favours by trying to do too much in too little time; like so many of its ilk it's seen from the point of view of one family. But the children of the family seem to be involved tangentially with almost every major event of the '60s (it's amazing that one of them doesn't go to the Rolling Stones gig at Altamont) making it seem less like a period drama and more like a Cliff Notes version of the decade.<br /><br />The makers rush through it so much that there's little or no time to give the characters any character with the stick figures called our protagonists off screen for ages at a time - the children's father is especially clichÃƒÂ©d - and then when they're back on BLAMMO! it's something else. Garry Trudeau could teach the filmmakers a thing or two about doing this kind of thing properly. In fairness Jerry O'Connell Jordana Brewster Jeremy Sisto Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material the old college try but they're wasted (especially the latter two); it's undeniably good to see David Alan Grier in a rare straight role as activist Fred Hampton and Rosanna Arquette (in an uncredited cameo in part 2) is always welcome.<br /><br />What isn't welcome is how "The '60s" drowns the soundtrack with so many period songs that it ultimately reduces its already minimal effect (and this may well be the only time an American TV presentation about post-60s America never mentions the British Invasion - no Beatles no Rolling Stones... then again there's only so much tunes you can shoehorn into a soundtrack album right?). Capping its surface-skimming approach to both the time and the plot with an almost out-of-place happy ending "American Dreams" and "The Wonder Years" did it all much much better. Nothing to see here you can't see elsewhere people... except for Julia Stiles doing the twist that is.
critique9802 This must be the first movie I've rented and not seen to the end. Complete garbage! The acting the plot set and wardrobe looked like it came from a porno movie with a plot. Not even a B move.
critique9803 I gave this loooooooooooong film a "2" because of the attractive actors and semi-sexy love scenes. Otherwise if you can't read like a speed-reader you will NEVER get through the subtitles that try to keep up with the Spanish speed talking! And what the hell is going on in the plot if you can't read the subtitles. Endless stares and goof-eyes and constant rejection. Just boring after an hour or so. Some good cinematography but also some so DARK you think your screen has burned out. How this won anything I will never understand. Difficult to talk about "ACTING" since the lead actors seem to just stare and look lovingly at each other when they are not pushing each other away. The character Geraldo is so attractive that it is difficult to believe that ANYONE would push him away. And what is with his mother? I just plain didn't GET IT most of the time except that there were three guys that all seem to have had a history with each other....but never figured out who was whose "EX."
critique9804 This was a sordid and dreary mess. I needed a shower when it was over. It goes something like this- some socialites are murdered and a woman homicide detective is assigned to the case. She discovers that the victims belonged to an underground lesbian society and she befriends an associate of the group who may have relevant information. Since the detective is an attractive woman of course she is horny and intrigued (which reveals much about Hollywood and its psychosis about women). What's surprising is that none of this is very sexy or interesting just depressing and yucky. Ellen Barkin gives a respectable performance as the lead detective and Julian Sands provides unintentional laughs as a cross-dressing psychiatrist which is why it escapes a one-star rating.
critique9805 Still a sucker for Pyun's esthetic sense I liked this movie though the "unfinished" ending was a let-down. As usual Pyun develops a warped sense of humour and Kathy Long's fights are extremely impressive. Beautifully photographed this has the feel it was done for the big screen.
critique9806 For a film made in Senegal based I guess loosely on Carmen the book by Prosper Merimee this film doesn't achieve a mere resemblance of the story that has been made famous as an opera and as other films.<br /><br />Ms. Gai as the Karmen of the title is very good to look at. Her fiery dancing smolders the screen as is the case with her torrid love scene at the beginning of the film.<br /><br />This is a Karmen that aims to please to all genders but a real Carmen she is not!<br /><br />We would like to see Ms. Gai in other films in which her talent is better used than here.
critique9807 Prior to Airport 79' these movies were rather good. They had decent special effects all-star cast and good acting. This movie destroyed the franchise and there are many reasons for it. Lets talk about the special effects WOW!!!! they are horrific what was the director thinking about. I know it's only 1979 but lets look at other very good special effects movies such as Star Wars(1977)and Moonraker(1979). I like the idea of the Concord and this could of been the best Airport movie but they did too much with it. How about Joe Patroni(George Kennedey) shooting a flare out of the cockpit window to prevent a heat seeking missile from hitting the concord. Also he is doing 90 degree dives and loops. This completely far fetched and unrealistic WOW!!!!!! Believe me the special effects don't help this scene and really are beyond poor.... They almost look like a cartoon and this is how the whole movie is!!!Finally lets talk about the acting which in my opinion is extremely poor to fair at best.... Over acting is a major issue in this movie especially George Kennedy.. Which I really like as an actor but just doesn't cut in this movie. The full blame has to go on the director who did a very poor editing job and really whacked out the Airport Franchise. Too bad the Concord isn't still used today it was a marvel of Air travel...
critique9808 I'll give it this: I didn't stop watching and it's not corporate which is kind of cool. But my internal critic cut it to pieces -- I suppose I see too many movies. Wooden script the slang just sort of clanks out of their mouths without any kind of flow. Editing mentioned before is hit and miss; sometimes it evokes a good ghetto feel but mostly its irritating -- jerky quirky angles and really dull lingering facial closeups. The actors were marginal though Letisha had her moments.<br /><br />I'm not sure why the audience supposed to care about Curtis he's a total screwup and the actor is entirely expressionless and not particularly funny or endearing. The directing doesn't help make you love him or hate him even; I just wanted him to shut up and get shot already. I didn't care about his impotent vengeance when that rolled around. The completely predictable ending isn't credible at all. I'm not sure why we're supposed to believe that some erstwhile successful dealers he deposes are stupid enough to fall for his petty scams. "Oh you just got out of jail and are on probation? Here's thousands of dollars worth of cocaine go run it around the corner for me. Now don't steal from me etc."<br /><br />A good sex scene in the beginning gave me hope but it was let down in the end. Handling of a rape scene was slightly eyebrow-raising if only mildly interesting. There are better movies in this genre that don't insult your intelligence by trying for some kind of authentic ghetto realism while more resembling a film-school offering. 4/10 an F.
critique9809 I've now seen this film twice and I must say I enjoyed it both times. It's fast paced and fun but ultimately daft. Having said that it deserves to be trashed because of screwing up what could have been a good follow up to the seminal original. It is clear for those who have seen the awful 'Zombie Creeping Flesh' that the films massive shortcomings can be owed to Bruno Mattei and that the little that is commendable about it can be owed to Fulci. This is not idle Fulci sycophancy the directors styles are starkly contrasted throughout and you can tell who directed what particularly in Mattei's case.<br /><br />The film is centered around the outbreak of a virus (oddly referred to as 'top secret' by a scientist it's secrecy apparently being more noteworthy than its potentially apocalyptic effect on mankind) somewhere in south east Asia. The virus causes zombie like behaviour in those affected and the virus quickly spreads across a seemingly arbitrary area of land. Our protagonists unwittingly wander into the danger zone and have to fight for their lives against hordes of infected Asians.<br /><br />The film seems to be stuck half way between being a zombie gore flick and an out and out action adventure and this confusion is captured most clearly by the zombies themselves. They do not appear to have a set of characteristics common to all. Some are of the regular soulless shuffling variety so well rendered in the original and probably Fulci's creation here. The other main group consist of those who in being infected with the virus lost all sense of themselves but incurred a savage aggression and a desire to earn a black belt in ninjitsu: Indecisively leaping around unsure of whether to continue honing their upper roundhouse technique or engage with their brethren in what looks like a mass tickle fest on their hapless victims. Martial arts skills aren't their only talents either they are well versed in guerilla tactics hiding on rafters and under bales of hay and sometimes inexplicably falling from nowhere but the heavens themselves. This is all definitely the work of Mattei.<br /><br />There is a third more chatty variety of zombie. This type apparently retain a sense of irony as well 'I'm really thirsty...FOR YOUR BLOOD'. The ridiculous twist at the end in which the DJ turns zombie but continues to preach ad libbed gibberish about the fate of mankind only serves to enhance the WTF factor and obliterate any hope of a serious resolution.<br /><br />Then there's the infamous zombie head which slowly propels itself through the air a jokerish skeletal grin wrought across its face as if to say 'yeah we know how bad this looks'.<br /><br />The characters are all utterly one dimensional as you would expect. But its the pseudo comical dialogue and dubbing that really prevents us from taking their plight seriously. Having said that the first soldier to die does put up an impressively valiant display against an unstoppable zombie menace. Indeed this is the first and perhaps only time we hit real zombie agro and one of the only effective scenes in the film.<br /><br />The guy who played the chief scientist has heart but no talent utilising pauses in his lines entirely at random so he ends up sounding like a confused asthmatic. The scientists' on screen attempts at finding an antidote are totally unconvincing 'now lets put these two molecules together!' <br /><br />There are a few moments that stick out as genuinely effective however. In an early scene a female protagonist explores an abandoned garage. Upon entering a room we are confronted with a hazy view of a shifting figure in the corner and a squirming mass on the floor all shot in an atmospheric diffused light. The silence is interrupted by the appearance of a speedy machete wielding zombie who trashes everything in his wake in his alarming desperation to have her. His sheer aggressiveness is one of the few moments of real horror in the film. The before and after theme conveyed through the hotel that plays host to the happenings of the earliest stage of the outbreak and later as a refuge to our protagonists is imbued with an thick humid ambiance. There is a scene in which one of the soldiers cautiously approaches a boarded up room that clearly houses hordes of the undead and this is quite tense. Things become more dramatic when they board themselves in the hotel unknowing to what lurks upstairs. But this is sloppily handled and not nearly as effective as it could have been.<br /><br />All in all I would say this film may just about deserve to be called a royal screw up of a potentially effective tropical zombie fest rather than simply a through and through bad film. If nothing else it has plenty of the unintentional laughs that I've come to expect from just about anything Italian and gory from the eighties.
critique9810 I rated this movie as AWFUL (1). After watching the trailer I thought this movie could be pretty cool. "Guaranteed to offend...everyone!" the trailer said. Well...it did offend me because this movie really sucks. It is hardly a comedy as I laughed about two seconds during the entire movie. And what's with all the gays in this movie? I'm not gay and I don't have a problem with those who are but what's the point of adding so many gay-scenes in a so called comedy movie when these scenes are absolutely not funny? I guess the director is a gay man in denial or something like that.<br /><br />So my advice to you is: if you want to waste good money go rent a good comedy you've already seen a million times you'll be better off than watching this Mother Of All Lousy Comedy's. It really is total crap.
critique9811 This movie contains real animals been killed like a monkey been eaten by a snake and an crocible been cut open. I find this totally deranged and sick and seriously question the mental health of the director of this trash.<br /><br />This movie is so stupid and daft that it has no logic at all.<br /><br />There is a lot of boobs and sex in this movie still don't bother viewing this trash for that if you want to see boobs and sex watch a porno instead. There is also rape scenes in this movie which i found disgusting like women been raped and cut up and eaten. This movie is for sadists and those who get their kicks seeing people been cut up and eaten.<br /><br />A lot of the animals like the monkey that appeared in this movie there is none in the jungles of New Guinea. The local characters most of them appeared to be Asian and none look like they come from New Guinea. It looks like this movie was made around the grounds of a resort which i bet it was.<br /><br />Stay away from this trash its sick and deranged.
critique9812 The word "boring" gets thrown around way too often when referring to exactly how bad a low-budget Horror movie might or might not be. I've seen many a B-movie. Many horrible terribly inept B-movies. Some with a production value of a few hundred bucks. Does ineptness lousy acting worse continuity and embarrassing budgets really make a movie unwatchable? Some would no doubt way yes. Most of which are probably huge fans of The Matrix. Well I hate big-budget movies so I say no. Bad can sometimes be funny (Blood Freak) sometimes even mind-blowing (Troll 2) but Boring will always be unwatchable... Hey kinda like Bloodthirsty Butchers which reminds me I'm writing a review for this pile of garbage... Uh yeah anyway. This is one of late British director Andy Milligan's many alternatives to sleeping pills. This one is based on Sweeney Todd... Great. Milligan takes a boring story and still manages to "butcher" it. Hey that's pretty funny I said bu... sorry I keep getting distracted. This isn't exactly easy. On second thought I'll make it easy. No gore no scares no entertainment just unlikeable annoying people having incoherent conversations. that's Bloodthirsty Butchers. Oh yeah and something about a barber killing people and something or other about meat pies. I don't know it's not important.<br /><br />For something a little more rewarding from Andy Milligan there's always the only other one I've seen The Rats Are Coming The Werewolves Are Here. Yeah you heard me. But hows about we forget about this Milligan guy all together and pick up something sweet like Sick Girl or Teenape Goes To Camp. Whatever you decide just know Bloodthirsty Butchers sucks possibly even more than any other version of this already lackluster tale. And that B-movie fans is really saying something. 2/10
critique9813 It's New Year's eve a cop-killer (in the form of Laurence Fishburne) end up at a precinct that's closing down due till snow. When the people are layed siege on cops have to team up with cons to survive. This re-make of the John Carpenter classic just had to add a few beyond stupid plot twists take out all the tension and add a horrid John Lequizamo to the cast didn't it? The first film was thrilling gritty and a joy to watch. This one is more Hollywood clichÃƒÂ©d and painful to behold. The only thing I took from this movie was OCD can be very annoying...VERY. The ending song is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO bad.<br /><br />My Grade: D- <br /><br />DVD Extras: Commentary by Richet Demonaco and Jeffrey Silver; Delet scenes with optional commentary; 5 minute "Armed and Dangerous" featurette on the weapons expert; 7 and a half minute "behind Precinct Walls"; "Plan of Attack"; "The Assault Team"; 12 and a half minute behind the scenes featurette; Trailers for "Unleashed" "White Noise" :Seed of Chucky" <br /><br />Miscelanious: I got this at Best Buy and it came with a bonus disc including the first 2 minutes of "Cry Wolf"; a 10 minute first look at "Unleashed"; the trailer for that film; and a Fuzion interview with John Leguizamo
critique9814 After seeing Forever Hollywood it would be natural to want to see a John Waters film. At least one get to say that they have joined the legions of cinema cognoscenti who have experienced the unique cinematic stylings of perhaps the best known non-mainstream director. It's worth the effort and PF is a lot better than Eraserheadand there is a certain campiness about his films which his followers find addicting.
critique9815 Don Wilson stars as a cop who enjoys the occasional virtual reality fighting game however things go wrong when the people behind the game decide to take virtual reality to a new level by making real people from the video game okay actually they make the cybersex models as prototype but the main bad guy from the video game awakens and starts killing people and now the only man who can beat the guy is Don Wilson who in the mean time falls in love with the cybersex model. Actually with all things considered my biggest confusion was trying to understand if the people brought over from virtual reality land were robots human cyborgs or just some type of unidentified computer program. It doesn't matter since this is all just an excuse to watch one of the worst actors ever butcher dialog as if he were running a deli. Don Wilson's complete lack of charisma is the film's biggest flaw since one just doesn't like the guy he's too goody-goody his voice is too high pitched and doesn't look very impressive in the action sequences. What saves this bore-fest from my lowest rating is Athenia Massey who looks super hot in high cut outfits and who gets occasionally naked. Also on-board is Loren Avedon (A good martial artist) Stella Stevens and Michael Dorn as the main voice of the bad guy but their efforts are in vain as they are all concealed by the very bad acting of Wilson. Another flaw which is the film's biggest mistake is a lack of action as we are asked to watch the story unfold but aside from Massey's nudity and maybe some unintentional amusements due to laughably unconvincing acting there really is nothing of interest. This also extends to the action sequences in which are flatly choreographed badly directed and completely drained of all possible excitement. Making this virtually unwatchable.<br /><br />* out of 4-(Bad)
critique9816 Young and attractive Japanese people are getting on the wrong side of some curse again this time it involves mobile phones. Various people die until the disgruntled spirit behind it all is unearthed so essentially if you've seen more than 2 recent Japanese horror films you can plot this film in the dark with your hands tied.<br /><br />The main attraction here is the fact that Takashi Miike is behind the camera. So far I've been more impressed with his low key works like City of Lost Souls however as One Missed Call plodded along I was yearning for his more renowned envelope pushing of Dead or Alive or the overly pseudo-Cronenberg style of Audition. Despite a lot of his films being essentially empty at least they do have merits such as these or at least something to keep your attention like Tadanobu Asano prancing about in shiny suits impersonating Johnny Depp. There's none of that in One Missed Call; there's just very little of credit: the acting is bland and average there is very little (nothing in all honesty) in the way of scares or suspense and in places it's just downright boring.<br /><br />However there are moments where Miike's glacier-like sense of humour seeps through the bland commercialism; most notably with the instance of the TV show intent on filming the demise of one of the cursed subjects and the TV programmer more concerned about his ratings than the girls' life. But aside from this there is nothing to suggest it is Miike behind the camera; most notably his usual visual flair has vanished without a trace (and that includes his famous gore) although it's more likely he just didn't have any enthusiasm for the project and I can understand why. One Missed Call isn't offensively bad. It's just frustratingly average.<br /><br />Miike obviously loves directing. With his huge yearly output it's obvious he isn't going to be 100% concerned about all his projects. But even with this in mind One Missed Call felt like he was just paying the bills.
critique9817 I have to be completely honest in saying first that I fell asleep somewhere in the middle so I cannot give a full opinion about the film until I see it in full. Basically a group of thieves including Sid Carter (Sid James) and Ernie Bragg (Bernard Bresslaw) plan to make a fortune stealing a shipment of contraceptive pills from Finisham maternity hospital. This is where title character Matron (Hattie Jacques) works along with staff members Sir Bernard Cutting (Kenneth Williams) Dr. Francis Goode (Charles Hawtrey) Dr. Prodd (Terry Scott) and Nurse Susan Ball (Barbara Windsor). Patients and their visitors are around too including pregnant Mrs. Tidey (Joan Sims) and her nervous dad-to-be husband Mr. Tidey (Kenneth Connor). Also starring Bill Maynard as Freddy and EastEnders' Wendy Richard as Miss Willing. This plan by the way is not working out by the way because all the staff are getting in the way. That's pretty much all can say about the film until I see it again in full. Okay!
critique9818 I can fondly remember Bo Derek's heyday and the UK press attention (the mucky Sun & News of the World papers especially)- all following her small role in "10" with Dudley Moore. Understandably much fuss was made of her photogenic face crystal clear blue eyes and her perfectly formed bouncing breasts. <br /><br />Unfortunately acting is and never was her forte! I think they should make one of the triple disc collections you always find in the bargain DVD bins- Orca Tarzan the Ape-man and Bolero. All these films could be nominated for the "So Bad They Are Great".<br /><br />It would be a guilty "must buy" of mine! Should you ever read your press or this comment Ms Derek please do not be offended- ALways had a soft spot for you and there are more important things going on in the world to worry about than your acting ability. Much Love.x
critique9819 I've been surprised by the enthusiastic response to this film. It seemed dull to me much as I enjoyed looking at Penelope Cruz and the plot details often poorly worked out. It also seemed like an intensely sexist film: if the gender roles were reversed almost everyone with any sense would be up in arms complaining the movie is intensely misogynist. It's not just that both the principal males are portrayed as complete jerks and sexual predators but also that the women are portrayed as almost flawless forming a utopian community which lacks conflict of any kind and which rests on relentless generosity and good humor. Utopias are notoriously dull and this one turns out to be no exception. But it's also interesting to notice what happens (and here comes the plot giveaway though it refers to a very early scene) when the teenage daughter kills her father. (1) Her mother rushes to take responsibility for it and(2) the daughter seems to suffer almost no remorse (and in fact her emotional life then disappears from the film). It's not quite a glorified killing though Aldomovar's camera lingers on the blood in a bloodthirsty way as though it makes an attractive painting and then it's soaked up and out of sight without bloodying either daughter or mom neither materially nor emotionally. Later the film reveals another killing again by a woman of a man  and once again it is a killing which the film implicitly endorses.In short Volver is an ideologically-driven film with an unpleasant and in fact a repugnant ideology and so I write an ideological critique. But apart from that it's just not very interesting. It has none of the depth of say Aldomovar's Talk to Her which I loved.
critique9820 I watched this movie because I like Nicolas Cage and well I found it strange and completely pointless... so I decided to poke around a little bit and got my hands on the 70s copy of it. Wow. what a difference. The original one was way better. I'd like you all to know it did originally actually make a statement it's existence did have a purpose. It was really the Christian public expressing their fear of paganism. If you dig deeper into it it also makes comments on life but I don't want to go into details just simply put if you were disappointed and you'd like to know what it SHOULD look like feel free to watch the 70s version a little dated but A lot better.
critique9821 This is the absolutely worst show in the history of Nickelodeon. First of all no boarding school has a Sushi Bar Flat screen TVs and gives every student a laptop. This makes the show so unrealistic and boring. The plots are pointless and incredibly boring. The actors are so bad it makes me want to take my own life. I really hate the fact that in the show Zoey is the most popular girl in school and the prettiest and smartest and gets the best grades without doing any work. She never has any real problems and every guy wants to date her. She is so perfect. There isn't anyone like that. Also I hate that everyone would do anything for her and everyone picks her for every team or club. It is so annoying. Quinn is so obnoxious. Her experiments are pathetic pointless and fake. Chase is such a wimp. He says he loves Zoey but if he told her it would ruin their friendship. How pathetic. Michael tries to be funny but he never accomplishes anything. Nichole is so perky and screams a lot. She is never seen doing any work or studying but she is a straight A student. Lola thinks she is an actress but she sucks (Excuse my language). Need I say more? I think no. For your own good stay away from this show at all costs.
critique9822 In general I prefer horror movies that creep me out so much I'm afraid of everything for the next day or so not the ones where people act stupid and get killed by an indestructible monster. This is one of those movies. The chupacabra of legend is a dog-faced lizard-skin greenish-gray monster that hops like a kangaroo has fangs and claws has a row of sharp spines sticking out from its back and sucks the blood of livestock. As in many horror movies good and bad this movie takes liberty with the legend. It not only attacks humans but it eats their intestines and has a bulletproof nearly indestructible constitution. So tell me how can a hypodermic needle penetrate its skin when bullets can't? And why when the marines figure out that armor-piercing bullets can hurt it do they split up so the chupacabra can pick them off one by one? John Rhys-Davies gives a performance that rises above the bad movie and Chelan Simmons and Dylan Neal deserve credit for their performances too. Otherwise the rest of the acting was poor to bad just like the rest of the movie. My rating is based on Rhys-Davies Simmons and Neal.
critique9823 This movie deserved a working over on Mystery Science Theater. Even though it has nothing whatever to do with King Solomon it's worth a watch because it is an unintentional laugh-riot. Really! It's worse than "Destroy All Monsters." Be sure to check out the following: the cheesy medallion (looks like the Shriners have been here) the obviously polyester Norfolk jacket on "Allan Quatermain" David MaCallum's badly done stutter (which does draw attention away from his even worse acting) the incredibly bad process work on all the "monsters" the monsters themselves - the hand puppet which menaces the little girl the giant snake that menaces Macallum while he sinks in oatmeal the red-lighted eyes on the motorized crabs the amazingly hilarious boat (oh brother!!) which appears to be made of plywood mounted on an old sand dredge and looks like a leftover from a Jr.Sr. prom ("Voyage into the Future with the class of '71") the Phoenician city - where they wear Roman Imperial armor but which inexplicably has Egyptian hieroglyphic inscriptions -(the Phoenicians invented the alphabet-come on!)and worst of all Macallum and Ekland (with her fright wig) playing smoochy-face -oh the horror! The best parts are that the intrepid explorers manage to lose the comic Frenchman and the African guy -Snuffleupagus or whatever - evidently chose to die heroically rather than be in any more scenes.
critique9824 Any film which begins with a cowhand shagging a female calf can't promise much. As for the stereotyping of the kibbutz as it was 50 yrs ago well I was there and it just wasn't like that. OK every kibbutz had just a small piece of something shown in the film (like youngsters raiding the kitchen at night) but you can't show the whole kibbutz as being full of all those - shall we say - naughty traits. Each kibbutz had its own problems but hardly any kibbutz had all of them. The views of Israel were great. I still remember my youth in that Garden of Eden called the Emek (valley). Yes and the acting was good too so you see it wasn't all black - just a wrong portrayal - probably on purpose too.
critique9825 This is another of Hollywood's anti-communist polemics of the golden 1950s. Stalwart American Gene Barry lovely Englishwoman Valerie French and three others are kidnapped by an alien and given clamshells containing fantastic--and fantastically vague--power. What will the Earthlings do with such power? Toss it in the sea or use it to wipe out all of mankind? Anybody who knows American cinema circa 1957 knows the answer to what the commies will do but the story gets ripe when the Americans actually test the things in the middle of the Pacific. Then one scientist alone with the ultimate power in the universe comes up with his own theory and uses it! His smarmy attitude afterward is nauseating and the cheery disposition of everyone else is appalling.<br /><br />Here's the spoiler for this dog: the capsules inside the clamshells have a mathematical code that tells the prof that they kill only "confirmed enemies of freedom"! That's right--don't worry about the ethical conundrum of killing everyone that an alien pill decides is an enemy of freedom; just do it! Hurray! No commies! Silly female--and you threw yours into the sea! Ha ha! Kiss me baby!
critique9826 As the title suggests there is a philosophical meritocratic thread running through this film: if a man has the talent and looks to find his way into society and money what might be the outcome if he is denied it for failing to have the X factor? This question is unsatisfactorily dealt with in this adaptation of Patricia Highsmith's book and left me rather cold along the way.<br /><br />Matt Damon is the Ripley of the title and apart from blagging his way on a funded jaunt to Europe falls under the spell of his commissioned target Dickie Greenleaf (Law). Homoeroticism and social insecurity get all tangled up in a violent conflagration which escalated and complicate themselves for the rest of the movie. Law Damon and the damningly pleasant Paltrow as Dickie's girlfriend are OK. I liked Philip Seymour Hoffman's cameo-ish Freddie Miles the bluff society friend that Ripley can never be. The problem is that the story is lumpen without arc - or redemption for that matter - which makes it rather difficult to swallow. 4/10
critique9827 me my boyfriend and our friend watched this "movie" if thats what u wanna call it and we agree with the last person but we were stupid and bought the damn thing we thought it really was about diablo so we bought it.<br /><br />we hate it Really SUXZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so beware: DO NOT BUY THIS THING THEY CALL A MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />we would return it but don't no if anybody would want this stupid movie.<br /><br />oh and another thing the shouldn't call it "The Legend of Diablo" they should of called it "Legend of Azar".<br /><br />and this movie is rated R????? this should not of even been not rated.<br /><br />we think that diablo would be crying his eyes out laughing at this stupid movie.<br /><br />this is a movie that would have been done by a Church.<br /><br />theses "actors" are never gonna become nothing because this movie.
critique9828 To be honest I knew what to expect before I watched this film and I've got to say it has the worst acting I've ever seen. It does have its moments and on a comedy level its very entertaining but i'm afraid its not scary and stupidity is taken to a new level. There's a lot of unnecessary gore and the plot is all over the place. I have no idea why the aliens were evil and why they even came to this remote part of wales (i mean who'd go there anyway?) but I didn't care at that point because I was amused by the costumes and the bad CGI. As far as B-movies go this deserves the title of 'being so bad its good' and kudos to the film-makers because they probably knew what they were doing. Long may these films continue.....
critique9829 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9830 After the lush inspiring aerial shot in fast motion in the opening of the movie this slipped into utter boredom and a one tone note right till the end.<br /><br />Where to begin well I'll start with the characters. I really enjoyed them in the book here they all were types and one dimensional morons that either had "Victim" or "Asshole" written on their foreheads from the get go. How any one didn't see through the store owner Lealand Gaunt (in a hammy and out of place performance by Sydrow)is beyond me.<br /><br />This film lacks in thrills suspense and in some sense yes entertaining values. It stretches itself for far too long with not a lot of pay off. Why introduce too many annoying should-die-quick type of characters and then forget about half of them half way through? In the book practically everyone that went into the store met a grisly fate. Here besides one of the only decent scenes that translated well from the novel (the fight between Wilma and Nettie) was a letdown and didn't have much balls. I'm sorry but after one off screen deatha boring shoot off and some bickering and then a couple explosions just didn't do it for me. The brutality and mean spiritedness from the book was sadly missing. The explosion of the church scene was so over the top and badly executed all of sudden the entire city was in a brawl? It made no sense and characters that weren't introduced all the way through suddenly are who are these people and why should I care?<br /><br />The story is all over the place and none of the scenes had momentum. I thought Ed Harris and Bonnie Bedeila were good actors in this but the movie gives them not enough substance for me to give a damn. Amanda Plummer was credible but too pathetic to really be sympathetic (in the novel she was a sad and depressing character)here it was a too one note. J.T. Walsh was entertaining but the role was far from interesting or layered. Too predictable. <br /><br />The soundtrack was too classy for the material it was supporting. It stood out like sore thumb. Easy there buddy easy. Something a little less theatrical I'd assume would have worked.<br /><br />I will admit some of the gore it did manage to have was good enough I guess The director seemed to hold back a lot of the times though. If your going to make a movie that reaches the 2 hr point be sure to have far more going on then this disaster of a adaption of on of Kings better novels.<br /><br />I often found myself laughing at scenes that were suppose to be taken seriously (Ed Harris speech at the end or the character Hugh Priest in general) and was bored and uninterested most of the other time. Personally the director should have done so much more with this story his approach is too tame and hides behind too much crisp cinematography to ever come off as a decent movie. The movie looks good but not the look I think this story deserved. I mean this dude helmed ALASKAnot a good sign. <br /><br />I'd rather just read the book as you should too as if it is far more entertaininglayered character development grisly violence and mayhem a nasty sense of humour and far more oomph. This is a butchered version that has not much to offer. <br /><br />** out of ****
critique9831 I was China in this film. I choose the screen name Sheeba Alahani because I was modeling at the time in Italy and they couldn't pronounce my real name correctly so I choose Sheeba and then added Alahani since it was similar to Alohalani.<br /><br />I had never acted before (and it shows) but it was so much fun to film. They gave me "acting lessons" each morning (which obviously were not useful). They dubbed my voice (thank goodness).<br /><br />David and Peter were a blast on the set full of good humor and jokes. This film was never meant to be taken seriously it was a tax write off according to inside information. <br /><br />I give it a 1 because I have a sense of humor but a 10 for the fun I had "acting" in it.
critique9832 I entered the theatre intending to pass a pleasant 90 minutes being entertained if not enlightened. I left neither entertained nor enlightened. This movie can't make up its mind what it wants to be and ends up being not much of anything. There are a few funny lines and a few incredibly pretentious movie references (The 400 Blows--for this character? come off it!). While none of the characters gets treated with much respect the over thirty gay men get the worst of it: all predatory fat sad slobs. If you're in the mood for a movie dealing with gay relationships check out Parting Glances Longtime Companion Trick All Over the Guy Red Dirt Maurice Philadelphia instead. You'll thank me.<br /><br />
critique9833 its a gem movie if anyone who hasn't seen movie sholey he cant understand what is going on there. a thakur call men for catching a big terrorist who is like god and even police don't know abut him but these ppl do.<br /><br />biggest advantage of film is its speed u never know what is going on and the part is completed. actors are at there best of worst acting and actress is here for time-pass of songs. and what u cant forget is the cool dialouge which seems to come in very long time but u cant understand them so easily try hard for that and last word i haven't seen movie complete due to a brain roast so plz tell me ditz end if it have
critique9834 What we have here is a downright brilliant piece of early 80's incompetence that will render even the biggest connoisseur of trash- cinema completely speechless! "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap and cheesy fantasy/Sword-and-Sorcery adventure that doesn't have an actual plot but does eagerly & shamelessly borrows elements from other films. Writer Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) watched enough similar type of movies to know that they needed a handful of essential characters but probably figured that all the rest would follow automatically. In order to make a fantasy-adventure you need: one super- evil villain (preferably with a black cape) one young hero in training one lone warrior one amiable type of furry pet one wise midget living in the woods (optional) and a whole colorful collection of hideous demons enslaved dwarfs and winged gargoyles to serve as filler. The story is phenomenal and so original with Simon the young son of a wizard having to flee from his beloved kingdom after the evil magician Shurka takes over the power and killed the king. Simon wants to go back and save the people but therefore he needs his powerful ring which he lost during his escape. Simon befriends lone warrior Kor (the usually cool dude Bo Svenson who clearly needed the pay check) who assists Simon during the long and devastating journey full of ordeals dangerous encounters and magical showdowns. Admittedly it doesn't even sound too bad thus far but that's merely just because I excluded all the deliciously inept little details. Simon has a best friend named Gulfax for example. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacca and evokes incontrollable chuckles whenever he opens his poodle-snout to yelp something incomprehensible. The obstacles during journey back home are hilariously irrelevant to the "plot" and simply serve as padding footage to cover up the lack of actual content. Simon has nightmarish visions inside the tent of a suspicious forest nymph Kor settles an old score with the pig-faced nemesis whose sister he refused to marry and there's the supposedly horrible 'suicide cave' where you can only sing your way out of. But the absolute most unequally brilliant sequence Ã‚Â– not just of this film alone but in the history of cinema Ã‚Â– involves the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon awakes the legendary courageous warriors hoping they will assist them in their battle but the rotting corpses only take a few steps complain about how tired they are and return back to their graves. That's it! So much for the zombie sub plot! Best sequence ever! I could go on listing unintentionally hilarious little details for several more paragraphs but you get the idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a tremendously messed-up "so-bad-it's-good" film. Word of advice: do not watch this joyful piece of junk alone. Invite friends preferably the dope-headed types with a wicked sense of humor and watch it in group. It will be a night to rememberÃ‚Â
critique9835 I won't lie I rented this film because it was an "arty" film with some possible explicit sex. I got that scene and Catherine Deneuve's (briefly shown) breasts but the rest of the film is just the usual long pretentious European art films with lines like "Did I have a mother or father I don't know" (paraphrased). Usually delivered in long soliloquies.<br /><br />If you are curious about the transition of "art" to porn might be an interesting look with use of the fast forward button (I was still too slow!)
critique9836 I used to think that it couldn't get worse that "Army of the Dead" but this load of crap makes the afore mentioned movie look like "The Godfather"!! The special effects are HORRIBLE (Makes the original Nintendo graphics look like HDTV). When it comes the acting put it this way I went to a play with my 6 year old niece in it and she gave an Oscar worthy performance when compared to these D-List (and that's being kind about it) actors and actresses. So basically if I had a gun to my head and head to chose between watching this movie again or chopping my own arm off with a dull knife that's a tough choice!! You know what who needs two arms anyways??
critique9837 Hello there<br /><br />This is my first post in IMDb even though I use it as a reference for quite a while. I would therefore like to salute you all. The fact that I am a Greek is inevitably going to affect my judgement I hope not to your annoyance.<br /><br />I spent 2 years of my life (all we Greeks did actually) analysing Omirus epos (and not Homers as you see everywhere) rhyme by rhyme. If I recall well it was Iliada (Iliad) on 8th grade and Odysseia (Odyssey) on 9th grade. Warner's Troy was a big disappointment to me and my fellow Greeks around the campus (I study in the UK).<br /><br />Iliad epos is one of the very best literature works ever made. It was composed by a Greek poet Omirus a whole 400 years after the actual war. Historians put Trojan war around 1200 BC and the actual reason of the war not being Helen's beauty but the strategically crucial position of Troy. That said one may now understand that Omirus epos is not presenting the actual events (as it's not accurate historically) but this was never the purpose of this work. <br /><br />Reading this huge poem one can find himself wondering for the very definitions of honour love anger hate heroism discipline loyalty and so on. The best part and the most educational as well were these prolonged talks between the warriors before the battle. None of these though were revealed in 'Troy'<br /><br />Warner's Troy was really cheap to my eyes and to other intellectual people English Finnish and German colleagues of me as well. It is a shame to spend millions of dollars in such a bad scenario. By the way perfect storm was a bad and stupid blockbuster (computers graphics did the whole work) and yet it is Wolfgang Petersen's best work. <br /><br />I conclude saying that you'd better watch something else instead. I would give Troy 2 out of 10. It is a really expensive B movie.<br /><br />Cheers <br /><br />Alex
critique9838 I may not have the longest of attention-spans but this is the second movie I have refused to see all the way through and I even bought it on DVD because of its "classic" status. <br /><br />At first I thought that the director was playing a big joke so I kept waiting for a resolution something to laugh at something to keep my interest but this resolution never came. Rather the writing was laughably amateurish the movie dragged on and felt disjointed like someone cut a TV series to feature-length. The Academy must have been on drugs when they nominated this movie for no less than eight Oscars.<br /><br />Once again I repeat myself. This is the second movie I have refused to watch all the way through. The first was "Exterminator". I hope this gives you an indication of how bad it really is. 1/10
critique9839 1st the good news. The 3-D is spectacularly well done and they don't go for the gotcha gimmicks. The film is based on the true story of the high point in human history and even features one of the actual participants in that story: Buzz Aldrin.<br /><br />And now the meat of the matter: It's about FLIES for krissakes! Flies with big googy human eyes true but flies nonetheless. Remember when I likened the "Underworld" movies to rats vs. cockroaches? That wasn't intended as praise and I never dreamed anyone would take it literally. This one's got even less empathy going for it. Baby maggots? Ugh. In one of those odd confluences of Hollywood groupthink this flik was evidently on the drawing boards at the same time as "Space Chimps" also about critters in space.<br /><br />Go rent "Apollo 13" and see a 9-rated movie about the REAL space program (RIP).
critique9840 John Candy was very much a hit-or-miss comic actor. His death was a tragedy and we all miss him a lot but WAGONS EAST in which he plays a bumbling wagonmaster who agrees to take a group of pioneers out of the wild west is even sadder. I don't understand why it was even released. The story is pointless and weak and the jokes aren't there. It saddens me even further that Candy's last film would be his all-time worst movie. So let's forget all about this one and remember him in his better films such as SUMMER RENTAL PLANES TRAINS AND AUTOMOBILES and UNCLE BUCK.<br /><br />0 out of 5
critique9841 This movie is a real shame not just for the plotthe empty performance of the characters it is for the lack of creativity from the director and all the crew this is maybe one of the worst movies of all timesand it is hard to believe that is the sequel of one of the most famous movies of the 90's.<br /><br />I am a great fan of The Mask when I went to see this movie I was expecting to a movie with a good sense of humor a movie with a acceptable plot instead I saw a really bad copy of Chuck Jones and Tex Avery cartoons the movie was not funny even for my 7 years old sister so I wonder:What was wrong New Line Cinema???.Was it trying to repeat the success of the first movie or was it trying to create another masterpiece like The Lord of the Rings???.Because if they did they were completely out of their minds.
critique9842 1993 was the year. This was long before Phillip Seymour Thomas had won an Oscar. Who knew I would be an extra in a movie with him? I was actually a paid extra in "My Boyfriend's Back" which was shot in a suburb of Austin called Georgetown TX. The original title was "Johnny Zombie" (thank God the producers had a change of heart!) I was in the theater scene. I rushed out to watch the movie the day it was released in theaters. It is more of a comedy than a horror movie. But... for a good laugh you might want to check it out. Nothing that is even close to "Dawn of the Dead" or even "Shaun of the Dead" quality but the cheese factor is good enough. ciao
critique9843 Alfred Hitchcock invented any kind of thriller you could think of:he set the standards so high that any director who makes a suspense movie will be fatally compared to him.<br /><br />The main subject of this Bullock vehicle all the ideasalmost everything was already in Hitchcock's classic " Rope":the two students who commit a gratuitous crime Nietsche's philosophyand the clues that the boys disseminate the Master was the first to transfer them to the screen.And with an eighty-minute movie which was a technical riveting tour de force.<br /><br />"Murder by numbers " does not take place in a single roomlike "the rope" mind you.And what a supreme originalityit pits two cops against the evil youngsters;and you would never guess itthese two cops are very different:actuallyBullock plays the part of woman living like a man and her partner (Chaplin) is as shy as a clueless girlie.The two boys' performances are not really mind-boggling not as good as say that of Edward Norton in "primal fear" .<br /><br />Wellyou know " Rope" was so good ....
critique9844 There is a point in the film where the female boss of the "death machines" (a multi-ethnic trio to please everyone being inclusive I think it's called these days) talks about using leverage on a business man. Except such is her delivery that it sounds like "leatherage." At which point this viewer perked up thinking this dull film was turning a corner into new world of kinkiness. But it didn't. The boss lady had to do the talking as the "death machines" did not say a single word during the whole film and talk she does. Interminably. There is action in the film but it is not that exciting and the plot staggers from one clichÃƒÂ© to another. The three mute "death machines" live to survive another day at the end of the film. Hopefully there wasn't a sequel.
critique9845 This is total swill. If you take The Devil's Rejects and suck all the good out of it and add a lot of twisted kinky bondage parts a few rape scenes and like one or two sincerely horrifying scenes and you'd get this movie. People are calling this a ripoff of '86's The Hitcher but I don't see that at all. Even the worst Hitcher ripoffs are still better than this. The main problem on display here is that there's really nothing here besides a few of the director's fetishes being showcased like circus exhibits. Is all you need out of a movie shots of girls being abused and tied up cowering in fear? Well then rent this movie!<br /><br />However I'd rather just watch a good movie which this is clearly not. The sad thing is there are some really good thrills waiting to be uncovered here but only a few. For instance the suspense at the beginning before the bondage nonsense started...pretty damn good if you ask me. And the scene where the hitchhiker kills the nympho girl (can't remember names) is chilling very brutal in a way challenging even The Devil's Rejects for unbridled fury. How come the rest of the movie can't be that good? Huh? I really need to stop renting stupid crap like this. Closing message: Just let this gutter trash die and forget it forever. Not recommended.
critique9846 Before this made for TV movie began I had relatively low expectations. That's because it was made after the final episode of the series had aired and many of the series originals were gone. There is no President Sheridan Delenn Lennier Londo Vir G'kar or Lyta. If you remember on the second to last episode of the series all the regulars except Zack Vir and Captain Lockley left B-5 permanently. Now for this film they did bring back Garibaldi (who was not in the last B-5 movie) to join Zack and the Captain and the Doctor makes a brief and irrelevant appearance. But because so much is gone of the old chemistry this film already is severely handicapped.<br /><br />The movie is about a Soul Hunter (Martin Sheen) who is led to Babylon 5 in search of a globe filled with souls that had been stolen from a hidden repository by an archaeologist (Ian McShane). A lot of spooky mumbo-jumbo stuff occurs but frankly it was all pretty silly and pointless. Yeah yeah the station nearly blew up but was saved and all but frankly I felt like it was a case of "been there done that--and done that a lot better in the past".<br /><br />The secondary plot provided more for comic relief was much more interesting as an entrepreneur installed a holo-brothel and those in command weren't sure what to do about it and when they tried to pressure them to close they were slapped with a lawsuit. This was fluff but it did provide a few laughs--something the other dreary plot was surely lacking.<br /><br />By the way Sheen at first did a good job playing the Should Hunter--with his wild eyes and bizarre delivery. However repeatedly throughout the episode he fell out of character. This should have been spotted and corrected.<br /><br />So the final verdict is this is only for total die-hard B-5 nuts (like myself). Others seeing it might assume the series sucked--which is a great injustice. This is a great example of a show not knowing when to quit.
critique9847 So umm this woman has a vagina that sucks people into it when they umm do it and there's this dude who like follows her around...everywhere....and uhh is umm in love with her and she cant love him back because of her thingy. Well her thingy starts talking to her...sort of...it just says feed me over and over and she tries to feed it hot dogs but that doesn't work because it ummmmm wants fresh meat?!?!!? So this woman heads to the red light district where she picks up tourists but only the really sleazy ones cause I guess they deserve it and after a while this dude comes looking for her and even though shes like right there he doesn't see her so eventually he gets involved with conjoined twins but he only likes one of them cause the other is a real hussy. This isn't bad good like I thought it would be cause like the novelty sort of wears off within the first 1/2 hour and it goes on for another hour. I think it killed off a few brain cells cause I sat through this whole thing and now im a little brain damaged. Either way man this is the worst man-eating vagina movie I have ever seen.
critique9848 Goodnight Mister Tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of England where the sun always seems to shine. Before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of World War II. Soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from London and when shy little William is billeted with reluctant gruff old Tom (who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold) our tale begins.<br /><br />And what a load of sentimental claptrap it is. In fact it's just the old odd-couple buddy formula. Aren't any new stories being written?<br /><br />As I suggested there's hardly any period feel in the village and not much more in London apart from the odd old ambulance rattling around. And certainly no hint of the horror of the Blitz as London's citizens file politely into air-raid shelters. Even when the local schoolteacher's husband is declared missing presumed killed he is later restored to life.<br /><br />I found `Goodnight Mister Tom' cliched and obvious and John Thaw's accent conjured up a picture of Ronnie Barker of the Two Ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin' accent.<br /><br />Incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that I disliked it and looking at fellow-imdb reviewers I seem to be in a minority of one.<br /><br />
critique9849 Hey everyone...<br /><br />There really isn't much to say for this movie at all. The basic plot is that a guy (Brandon) takes a few friends on a trip to his cabin in the woods for a weekend holiday away from work. After picking up a girl on the way there things start going badly wrong for all of them.<br /><br />The storyline alone (written by the actor playing Brandon I believe although I could be wrong here) is unlikely and unconvincing and is acted out accordingly. The "Clown Killer" himself is a rather a sad excuse for a psychotic killer. Far from being a dark mysterious but most of all intelligent predator we are instead offered a rather clumsy nursery rhyme-singing buffoon who appears to be going through a minor mid life crisis. The only thing that warranted the writing of this comment were the sex scenes and whatever gore there was in the film (the quality of the film led me to derive some enjoyment out of such things).<br /><br />In short this film falls below every possible set standard. Admittedly I was sharing a few beers with a close friend as I watched this so we managed to scrape together some relative entertainment value out of this film and it is therefore only fair to mention that S.I.C.K did fall just shy of a two rating. However in reality (and with the benefit of hindsight) the one star rating is a more than legitimate score for this film.<br /><br />1 star out of ten.
critique9850 This film is absolutely awful but nevertheless it can be hilarious at times although this humor is entirely unintentional.<br /><br />The plot was beyond ridiculous. I don't even think a 2 year-old would be convinced by the ludicrous idiocy that the film-makers tried to slap together into a story. However on the positive side some of the horrifically inane plot twists provide a great deal of humor. For example "Wow Lady Hogbottom has a giant missile hidden in her back yard!" It gets worse (and even funnier) but I'll spare you.<br /><br />The acting is generally laughable. Most of the kids' roles are sort of cute but not very believable. On the other hand Annie is pretty awful all-around. The adults don't take their roles seriously at all but this is largely a good thing. If they'd tried to be believable the film would've been even worse. Which is difficult to imagine.<br /><br />Once you get past the overall crappiness of the movie there are actually a few standout moments of almost-not-crappiness. The scene where Lady Hogbottom's son runs away with the maid is surprisingly hilarious though it's an annoying letdown when they get caught by the police. The butler character while very minor is a ray of sunlight that almost but never quite pierces through the gloom.<br /><br />Watching this movie actually caused me physical pain. Nevertheless there were a few redeeming parts that made it almost watchable without beginning to hemorrhage internally. Judged on its good parts alone the movie would be about a 5; unfortunately the rest of the movie hardly deserves a 1. Thus I give it a 3.<br /><br />That's being pretty generous I'd say.
critique9851 I sat through this at GenCon only because it was quiet and I could nap. What a waste of time. Beverly D'Angelo and William Katt? WTF? Were the lady who played Flo and Abe Vigoda busy or something?<br /><br />Truly a piece of unfunny garbage. The characters were stereotypical without meaning to (I think...) and wooden most of them seemed like they were on autopilot. The so-called "hilarious" situations described in some of the other so-called reviews were so hackneyed I weeped for the writers.<br /><br />I'm confused as to how anyone can find this worth their time seriously. I'm only giving it 3 out of 10 because in order to be a 2 or 1 it would need to be either five-hours long or feature more Kelly LeBrock.
critique9852 This movie was bad beyond belief. I saw it during the 2004 San Francisco Film Festival. Before it started the owner of the theatre got up and told us how half the audience had left the theatre the night before which happened to be its "world premiere." I don't think anyone in the theatre understood just how bad the movie was going to be at that point. We all understood by the end. <br /><br />Its not a documentary though it was sort of sold as one. Dark Angel was a bad biography and misguided homage to Bettie Paige in which half the movie is actually just remakes of old Bettie Paige movies. The movie is only 90 minutes long and the content of those 90 minutes is sub par to say the least. A scene would start going then someone would say "wow you're so great Bettie why don't we make another movie." this would be followed by a 5 minutes of a Bettie Paige remake which was almost as ridiculous as (and even more boring than) the normal part of the movie. by the end of the movie people were laughing every time another Bettie Paige movie remake came up. it was that ludicrous. I heard a lot of laughter in that theatre but people were not laughing with the movie maker they were laughing at the movie and its poor content and structure. This was easy to tell as the parts that would get the most laughs were the ones which were supposed to be serious or revelatory. <br /><br />I know movies are expensive. I have seen many cheaply made independent films but somehow the cinematography and quality of this movie set it apart from anything else I have ever seen. The movie looks like it was made for $12. The cuts the graininess and the lack of a sensual plot made this a memorable experience. This movie makes "Dude Where's My Car?" look like Citizen Kane. <br /><br />My friends and I left the theatre feeling like we had just paid 8 dollars to be tortured. The only redeeming part of the experience was that we got to laugh about the fact that someone had actually made this movie and thought it was good. Apparently the previous night the night of the "world premiere" the director/writer/producer had been in the audience and had gotten to witness people laugh at and walk out on his movie. Bettie Paige's movies were destroyed. They should destroy this movie too.
critique9853 ...when he remade Broadway BILL (1934) as RIDING HIGH (1950). Recasting Bing Crosby as DAN BROOKS did not help a screenplay that was 'dated' in 34 let alone 50. This sad film has entire scenes lifted from the original with many of the supporting cast repeating their roles unless they were dead. Though being older did not seem to matter to the Director. Nor that the Cars and Clothes in the background plates from 1934 did not seem match up too 1950s' standards. Not even 'der Bingel' singing can redeem this effort.<br /><br />We rated both the original and the remake IMDb Four****Stars. Frank's touch was long gone and all that was left was CAPRA-CORN. That did not stop Mr. Capra though. After floundering around the 50's making some educational documentaries he wound up his career remaking LADY FOR A DAY (1933) as POCKETFUL OF MIRACLES (1961). Again a fine cast was let down on that IMDb Six******Star effort compared too the originals Eight********Stars. Sometimes it is better to quit while you were still ahead right after STATE OF THE UNION (1948).
critique9854 If you are hoping for ANYTHING new you have chosen the wrong movie. Who can think that a movie that is a virtual replay of it's predeccesors can be good. Maybe the producer and maybe the director but hopefully they were not serious when they made this THING. This whole movie is like making a greatest hits DVD of the 1st 3 films but changing the actors. BHHAAAAD.
critique9855 As much as I hated the movie that this series follows I can at least says that Zangief was amusing. The animated series is quite possibly one of the worst things ever produced. The animation is quite often inconsistent although it does stay consistently bad. The shape of a characters face is even capable of drastically changing in the same shot. The script and voice acting also leave something to be desired since most of the cast seems about as talented as the cast of a third grade drama play. Characters like Cammy and DJ are so forced into stereotypes of their nationalities that episodes containing them are almost physically painful to watch not that the series isn't painful on a regular basis anyway. Episode plots seem to strive to reach new levels of lame with every turn and are so full of plot holes it amazes me they had time to show commercials. Truthfully it amazes me anyone wold pay to advertise during the show. In addition to being a bad series it is an even worse adaptation of Street Fighter. Many of the characters maintain the failed adaptations from the movie. Examples include Ken and Ryu being idiot con men (even though Ken is supposed to be rich) Blanka being Guiles friend Charlie and Chun Li being a reporter. It takes talent to take something as bad as the movie and make it worse.
critique9856 'Flight Of Fury' is a shockingly dire but worst of all boring Action Film - I don't expect a lot from a Seagal Film all I expect is to be moderately entertained for 90 or so minutes with some mindless action -unfortunately this doesn't even achieve that low expectation The action scenes are few and far between the plot (which is totally irrelevant in these Films) is needlessly complicated and confusing with huge plot holes throughout The acting is truly abysmal - bordering on embarrassing with Seagal and his whispering One expression performance being the best among the sorry lot of 3rd raters - I find it hard to believe that anything close to $12M was spent on this dire mess unless $11M of that 12 was Seagal's Salary - I somehow doubt it! The one moment of any interest to Straight guys or gay girls is that out of seemingly nowhere two hot chicks end up in a lesbian sex scene of sorts complete with huge baps on display other than that - It's mediocre stuff which is no different to many of the Michael Dudikoff B-Movies I've endured<br /><br />1/10
critique9857 I got the DVD from the library in the expectation of getting a good idea of how things go on in the background at a major opera production. I have to say I was very disappointed. The subject had so much potential. The sets in a Wagnerian production must of necessity be elaborate and impressive and the story behind their creation and use could have been an excellent educational experience. Instead what we get it a hodgepodge of clips of people moving around big items of scenery vaguely help together with a commentary which failed to hold my attention. I found myself listening primarily to the background clips of music from operas. I was impressed by the sheer enormity of the effort required to put on such a production - that did come across fairly well and next time I am at the opera I am sure I will remember that part if this video - but was left feeling somewhat cheated by the lack of detailed commentary and explanation.
critique9858 The most die-hard worshippers of John Wayne will cringe when they watch The Lawless Frontier. Even for a poverty row studio this one is one stinkeroo.<br /><br />Unusual for a western we have a criminal who is a sex crime perpetrator. Earl Dwire plays a halfbreed white and Indian who for reasons that are not explained pretends he's a Mexican hokey accent and all. Dwire sounds like the Frito Bandito of advertising fame back in the day.<br /><br />He and his gang happen upon Gabby Hayes and his daughter Sheila Terry. They really don't have anything worth robbing but Dwire just wants an excuse to kidnap Terry and have his way with her. She hears the dastardly fate she has in store and she and Hayes flee the ranch. <br /><br />Where they happen to meet John Wayne who's on the trail of the bandits. They also run into one very stupid sheriff who believes Wayne is one of the bandits. Again for reasons I can't quite fathom.<br /><br />It was a tough way to earn a living grinding out horse operas like these for the Duke. Fortunately better things were on the way.
critique9859 Starting with a tearjerking poem and images of american missiles starving children and mutilated palestinians I quickly realised that this was not going to be a objective documentary. 5 youths convicted after the gothenburg riots are interviewed and give a very confused explaination why they had to trash the citycenter and then (oh my god) actually have pay for what they have done. I kept watching and many questions are raised were the trial properly done and did the cops have the right to do what they did? Lots of questions asked... and then dropped. No interviews with judges or going through documents about the trial.. nothing.<br /><br />In short: Nothing new from what every Swede has seen on tv a hundred times - just poor propaganda.
critique9860 Okay I remember watching the first one and boy did it suck. After watching it I just laughed it off and told myself "oh boy just another low budget B-movie. I'll never see a part 2 to this one." Then about 1 1/2 years later there came part two. It sucked even more. But I just laughed it off again and said "there's no way I'm ever gonna see a part 3 to this one." Then about 1/2 a year later part 3 came out. I was stupid enough to rent it and boy I just snapped after watching it. God I never actually realized how much movies can suck these days. Just save yourself $7.50 and don't rent the whole series. Trust me it's worth every penny.
critique9861 What is wrong with CURACAO ( Also known as DEADLY CURRENTS though what the reasonn for the name change is I have no idea ) can probably be summed up where a woman says to her lover :<br /><br />" Keep it down baby  I'm trying to sleep " <br /><br />It's not the dialogue that's the problem or the way it's delivered  it's the fact the actress has has a Central European accent . Nothing wrong with that until it's revealed her character is from Philidelphia in the United States ! This what struck me about this thriller while watching it - The way accents don't match their characters . Apart from the Philly woman with a German accent we see a South African with an English accent  a local police chief who sounds like he's an Irishman impersonating a Gestapo officer and worst of all George C Scott playing someone who's either Dutch or British with an accent that sounds like it might be American tinged with South African . You soon give up following what's on screen and end up concentrating on what nationality a character might be due to the strange way they speak . It's interesting to note that this site hasn't given this movie a country of origin . With so many different actors from different countries you do feel that this was produced by the United Nations <br /><br />Even if you're not curious about accents or dialects you'll probably have to give up following the action anyway because CURACAO is plot less . Things happen like a boat exploding  and a hostage situation and the hero being recruited as an agent for South African intelligence but you're left scratching your head wondering what the heck this is all leading to . I was lost
critique9862 Anne Bancroft plays Estelle a dying Jewish mother who asks her devoted son (Ron Silver) to locate reclusive one-time movie star Greta Garbo and introduce the two before Estelle checks out for good. Might've been entitled "Bancroft Talks" as the actress assaults this uncertain comedic/dramatic/sentimental material for its duration. Hot-or-cold director Sidney Lumet can't get a consistent rhythm going and Bancroft's constant overacting isn't scaled back at all by the filmmaker--he keeps her right upfront: cute teary-eyed and ranting. Estelle becomes a drag on this scenario (not that the thinly-conceived plot has much going on besides). Silver and co-stars Carrie Fisher and Catherine Hicks end up with very little to do but support the star and everyone is trampled by her hamming. *1/2 from ****
critique9863 I mostly rented this movie to see Shannon Elizabeth. She played well in this movie but the plot sucked. The movie wasn't really about anything just about trying to stay single after making a pact when one of Jerry O' Connell's friends gets married. The other friends put together this money and who's ever last to get married get's the money ($10000) from all his friends. Anyway the movie just try to follow through by making no since and trying to make it more funny then making since. I'm glad I only paid .50 for this movie. It really wasn't good at all. I rated it **** out of 10 stars!
critique9864 I only lasted 15mins before self preservation jerked me out of the empty eyed drooling stupor that this film effortlessly induced and propelled me screaming back to the video shop armed for bear.<br /><br />To say the film was bad would be a missed opportunity to use words interspersed with characters from the top keys on my keyboard (just to keep these comments clean).<br /><br />One to be avoided.<br /><br />
critique9865 This movie sounded like it might be entertaining and interesting from its description. But to me it was a bit of a let down. Very slow and hard to follow and see what was happening. It was as if the filmmaker took individual pieces of film and threw them in the air and had them spliced together whichever way they landed (definitely not in sequential order). Also nothing of any consequence was being filmed. I have viewed quite a few different Korean films and have noticed that a good portion are well made and require some thinking on the viewer's part which is different from the typical Hollywood film. But this one befuddled me to no end. I viewed the film a second and third time and it still didn't do anything for me. I still don't really understand what the filmmaker was trying to convey. If it was to just show a typical mundane portion of a person's life I guess he succeeded. But I was looking for more. Needless to say I can't recommend this movie to anyone.
critique9866 The peculiar charisma of Martin Kosleck brings a certain believability to his character of the frustrated artist. He imbues his dialog with an odd sense of realism making the sculptor Marcel a convincing individual. The character manages to come across as a real person and not so much a typical B movie villain.<br /><br />The story line is nothing to write home about and many scenes are dull. What makes it work is the strange chemistry between Kosleck and Rondo Hatton as the Creeper. Kosleck's talkative philosophical character is contrasted with Hatton's low key monosyllabic approach. The character of the Creeper isn't developed much beyond a basic monster level but Hatton suggests undeveloped possibilities and makes you wonder about his back story.<br /><br />This movie was on Shock Theater a lot when I was a kid so I have a certain nostalgic fondness for it. It's worth seeing once anyway for those who enjoy Forties horror movies.
critique9867 Ik know it is impossible to keep all details of a book in a movie. But this movie has changed nearly everything without any reason. Furthermore many changes have made the story illogical. A few examples: 1) in the movie "Paul Renauld" really meets Poriot before he dies (in the book Poirot only gets a letter) telling him he is afraid to be killed. This is completely stupid because if Renaulds plan would have succeeded Poirot would have known that the dead man would not have been Renauld.(Poirot was in the morgue when Mrs Renauld identified the victim). 2) The movie has "combined" two persons into one! "Cinderella" has been removed by the movie. The girl Hastings falls in love with and the ex-girlfriend of Jack Renauld are one person in the movie! Why for god's sake? 3)Hastings finds the victims cause he is such a bad golf player. Totally unfunny and stupid. 4) The movie tells secrets much too early (for example at the very beginning). So you know things you shouldn't know. 5) The murderer gets shot at the end by a person who doesn't exists in the book. Perhaps because the person ("cinderella") who stops the murderer does not exists in the movie. 6)The book is very complex. The movie takes only about 90 minutes. Sure it is difficult to include all the necessary details but it is impossible if you include stupid things which were not in the book and have no meaning (e.g. bicycle race).
critique9868 The cover of box of this movie has Kyle Minogue's name on it but she has the same destiny as Drew Barrymore did in "Scream." That's the first thing that makes this movie lame; they are trying to market a movie with someone that's in it for 5 minutes.<br /><br />Of course we have to have this movie feature young hip college kids that are oblivious that there's a killer going around. To top it all off Molly Ringwald of 80's teen movie fame is the star of this beautifully written film. It's a good career move for Molly to get some money doing a crappy movie in Australia so she won't get ridiculed in the states.<br /><br />Either way this dumb movie is about some dumb horror movie that was never finished because this dumb creature kills everyone that's in it. Throughout the movie we're supposed to guess who's the killer. Long story short remember our little friend Molly she saves the day...or does she?<br /><br />This move is just plain bad rent it if you feel like torturing yourself or just break it on the floor of your local video store if you see it on the shelf. Don't spread the horror.
critique9869 The 1994 film production of Heart of Darkness was in no way capable of living up to the outstanding book. The film contained unnecessary scenes that confused the viewer rather than aiding them in understanding what was going on. The director was obviously not experienced and if he is then he didn't show it. On top of that scenes from the book were left out or changed scenes that were rather important. The movie left me feeling rather bored and was a complete waste of my time. The characters acted as though they had no idea what was going on and the actors did not portray the emotions that Marlow and the rest revealed in the book. Overall the movie was terrible and completely lacked the suspense that was otherwise necessary to make it even remotely interesting.
critique9870 Based on Ray Russell's dark bestseller this John (WATCHER IN THE WOODS) Hough-directed bust has little going for it.<br /><br />Though it does not lack gory violence it lack narrative sensibility and "characters".<br /><br />The "Incubus" of the title is a demon endowed with a mammoth penis that shoots red sperm into vaginas during intercourse -- or to be more precise rape.<br /><br />John Cassavetes moonlighting from his successful directing career is convincing as a doctor who questions the circumstances of the bizarre attacks on young women.<br /><br />Horrific possibilities of the victims spawning demonic offspring are not considered -- and neither is the audience's tolerance for slow moving garbage.<br /><br />The script's reluctance to explore the dramatic repercussions of a fertile premise exemplifies the major problems with this vapid Big-Schlong-On-The-Loose exercise.
critique9871 I am definitely in the minority opinion on this one. "The Hurt Locker" has won more "Best Picture" awards from the critic groups than any other film this year. However not only did I not like it I found it hard to sit through.<br /><br />There is minimal plot and little character development. They disarm bombs fight and disarm more bombs. That is the entire movie. <br /><br />But the worst part was that the camera never stops moving and is constantly shaking. This has been a recent fad in film making and it is supposed to make it seem more real because it has a cheap documentary look to it. The camera was shaking so much it was making me nauseous to look at the screen.<br /><br />I normally don't care for war movies and "The Hurt Locker" was no exception. But you don't need to take my word for it because the critics love it.
critique9872 Once upon a time there was a science fiction author named H. Beam Piper who wrote a classic book named "Little Fuzzy" which was about a man discovering a race of adorable little fuzzy humanoids on another planet. Mr. Piper died in 1964 but Hollywood and many of today's authors starting looting his grave before his cadaver got cold. This is the book where they got the idea for Ewoks from.<br /><br />Skullduggery is such a blatant ripoff of "Little Fuzzy" I can wonder why I'm the only who's ever noticed?<br /><br />But don't take my word for it. Here's a link to Project Guntenberg where you can download a copy of "Little Fuzzy" for free: http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/18137
critique9873 This show is possibly the biggest ugliest most generic steam pile I've seen in children's programming that's actually become successful. The lead character Johnny while I understand he's supposed to represent an ordinary kid isn't likable or even tolerable. The jokes are lame overdone (i.e. the "Whoa! Didn't see that coming" gag. Come on that wasn't even funny the first time. It's not even cute) and lack any form of primitive wit or inspiration. And lastly... it's just plain ugly to look at. While kids aren't especially critical of artistic talent they still prefer eye candy. I can't stand watching the show because in a way the art style is just...gross. Hideous in fact. Just plain crummy. <br /><br />I just can't stand that this is getting so much airtime. While I understand that nostalgia can be a little irrational and I shouldn't be getting my hopes up on it coming back... I really miss the old cartoons. Bring back Dexter's Laboratory The Powerpuff Girls... anything but this crap. I guess it's just wishful thinking though.<br /><br />Simply put I advise you don't waste your time on this show. I believe that truly good cartoons are able to be enjoyed by the big kids too. And this doesn't cut it.
critique9874 To be honest at the time i first heard of this show i though it may be a bad idea to make a show that makes Muslims use racial jokes on themselves but it is the Exact opposite. I realized that the show doing that can help people understand that if a Muslim uses s a word like this in real life it doesn't mean it is a terrorist thing. It also show's how people give the Muslims a bad name because they play on their stereotype by watching the show regular people will realize that all though there may be bad Muslims out it doesn't mean we are all bad we just try to live 1 day at a time like how hard it was for Amair to get on a plane and how he used words like "Blow up" or Yaser saying we'll blow away the competition and people took it the wrong way. Being a Muslim i know that stuff like this don't usually happen but they do and many people think bad things about Muslims or Afghanistan or Iraq its not right things are not like that. people will see how we are poorly treated by watching this show and it may make them think on how the act. I am glad a show like this came on the air. There are many shows that Piotr Muslim people as terroristsmany people do find them funny to my opioion it is OK to do it now and then because prety much everything is made fun of who are we to say you can not make fun of that is unfair but it is done to often and really gives Muslin people a bad name.
critique9875 This has to be one of if not THE greatest Mob/Crime films of all time. Every thing about this movie is great the acting in this film is of true quality; Master P's acting skills make you actually believe he is Italian! The cinematography is excellent too probably the best ever. This movie was great; and I have the brain capacity of an earth worm.
critique9876 Enchanted April was one of Harry Beaumont's last movies- he only directed a few more after this one. He had made the "Maisie" movies in the 1930s and 1940s. In the opening credits it says "From the novel by Elizabeth" and completely leaves off the author's last name... rather odd but since it was von Armin they may not have wanted the German association at the time... Sad to hear it was a flop when it was released with those fun names like Frank Morgan (the Wizard) and Jessie Ralph who played W.C. Fields' disapproving mother- in- law in "Bank Dick". Two gals in London (Ann Harding & Katharine Alexander) decide to rent a castle to host two of their friends but things don't go the way they planned. Reginald Owen plays the husband with multiple personalities. Aside from a few funny moments it DOES move pretty slow. Ralph is the only bright spot here as the overbearing take-charge type and the picture is quite fuzzy and out of focus for much of the film. The views of Italy are all obvious backdrops. The only saving grace here is that the Turner Classic version is only 66 minutes long. Too bad they didn't give Frank Morgan a larger role. This was remade in 1992 by the BBC as a British Film.
critique9877 No mention if Ann Rivers Siddons adapted the material for "The House Next Door" from her 1970s novel of the same title or someone else did it. This Lifetime-like movie was directed by Canadian director Jeff Woolnough. Having read the book a long time ago we decided to take a chance when the film showed on a cable version of what was clearly a movie made for television. You know that when the critical moments precede the commercials which of course one can't find in this version we watched.<br /><br />The film's star is Lara Flynn Boyle who sports a new look that threw this viewer a curve because of the cosmetic transformation this actress has gone through. From the new eyebrows to other parts of her body Ms. Boyle is hardly recognizable as Col Kennedy the character at the center of the mystery. This was not one of the actress better moments in front of the camera. That goes for the rest of the mainly Canadian actors that deserved better.<br /><br />The film has a feeling of a cross between "Desperate Houswives" with "The Stepford Wives" and other better known features combined with a mild dose of creepiness. The best thing about the movie was the house which serves as the setting.
critique9878 I understand this movie was made on a very low budget but that is no excuse for the monstrosity that is Grendel. Deathstalker The Throne of Fire Barbarian Queen Conquest the Invincible Barbarian were all done on shoestring budgets and poor special effects yet they still managed to create cult classics by adding some scantily clad women warriors and a good sense of humor. The primitive costumes dark castles and beautiful Bulgarian landscape gave Grendel the potential to be a very good low budget sword and sorcery film but the makers completely ruined this opportunity by using extremely poor CGI effects and colorless characters. Compare this film to Beowulf (1999). It may not be Citizen Kane but it is a good example of how an entertaining low budget sci-fi/ adventure movie can be made by using credible special effects and appealing characters.
critique9879 It's impossible to make a film based on such a book as the "Brothers Karamzov" by F.M. Dostojevsky.<br /><br />Richard Brooks is a great director but that film is on a very low level.<br /><br />The worst part of the film was the ending. Well let's think of the book. In the end we have the "guilty" Dimitrij Karamazov. Afterwards they sent him to Siberia. In the end the famous epilogues of Dostojevsky the friends and family making a plan to save him. But that's it ... a nd now the film takes two steps more and shows us an illusion ending of the escape of Dimitry and Gruschenka(I think). just from the moral point I'm sure that Dostojevsky would finish the book with an open end because one the one hand he is not guilty(Smerdjakov is the real murderer) and so he have to be a free man. But on the other hand he goes to his father to kill him so he has decided to commit the crime... that's a moral dilemma and so the following point is an open end...well for real it's just not full open.<br /><br />William Shatner as Aljoscha Karamazov... I'm sorry! --> NO!!!<br /><br />The others characters playing in a good performance as we have to expect it from such great actors ... In front of course a superb performance of Yul Breynner as Dimitrij. I think that there are not many actors who can play this part in a better way.<br /><br />But as I said in the beginning: This book is unadaptable. It never should be film in two hours that's impossible. I think that there are some 'longer films so maybe they could do the right thing... But I just keep the opinion that this book can't be adapted.<br /><br />So - 3 points:<br /><br />A point for the great director Richard Brooks <br /><br />A point for a superb performance of Yul Brynner<br /><br />Finally: A point for one of the greatest writers of all time: Dostojevsky
critique9880 Great book poorly done movie. Cheesy performances and contrived situations make this movie a sentimental bore-fest. Flat and uninspired work from most of the actors leaves this film in the After School Special category. No doubt there is a lot of talent to be tapped in this cast and crew but something went horribly wrong The very talented Gretchen Mol attempts to pull this film out of the mire but even she can't seem to rise above the silly dialogue. Feels like everyone just phoned it in. Even the makeup (Mulrooney ages 20 years over the course of the film) looks amateurish and crude. Don't waste your time on this clunker.... go read the book.
critique9881 Chili Palmer is tired of doing movies and know wants to do some success in music. Being half mafioso half expert negotiator he wants to rise in the music market. However know everyone is like him and making the good singer Linda Moon to record a hit will be harder as expected. The first part is funny and filled with irony this one falls into the easy jokes and has many less good moments. Only the two women (Uma and Milian) are decent in their part. Most of the film is done with histrionic character excessively exaggerated (a little is OK too much is disgusting) and the only one that one could save is the gay bodyguard who at least is coherent the rest are too much idiot. The most surprising thing is the fact that the movie is not boring everything happens so quick and there are so many things happening that you do not have time to get bored if you want to follow the movie. It may insult your intelligence (a lot!) and the movie is bad(yeah!) but well it's not boring.
critique9882 I don't normally give movies a "1." Although I am a HEARTLESS critic I try to find anything that makes the movie worthwhile (that is to say watchable). The main thing I look for is a coherent plot. If it has that alone I can watch it! Let me start by saying this doesn't even deserve to be called a movie this is more like an elementary school project...gone horribly wrong! And I've seen every Sci-Fi movie special that was ever made.<br /><br />Many times I've read professional critic reviews that say crap like "This played like a Made-for-TV...(etc etc)" and I kept saying "Oh come on I wish they'd think of a REAL criticism." Well this is worse...much worse! This is truly the worst "thing" I've seen that's lasted the length of a movie (if I DID consider it a movie it would be my new worst movie of all time) and I've seen every movie Uwe Boll made! This movie makes Uwe Boll look like Francis Ford Coppola! :) I'd rather watch Jaws the Revenge all day then see this one more time...even 5 minutes of it...there was one good scene and it was the END! ;-P OK enough bashing the works of Ron Hall now for the serious criticism.<br /><br />The script is poorly written the dialog is delivered in a wooden manner the effects are cheesier than those in a Power Rangers show and don't even get me started on the screen zoom-in transitions (ugh). Someone actually watched this thing edited it and then said "ok release it"? I would have rather burned this than release it! In closing all I can say is "Thank goodness DVD and VHS players have a Stop and Eject feature!" My advice...don't rent it if you do you'll be glad you have stop and eject too! :)
critique9883 To be hones I used to like this show and watch it regularly but now (thank god!) I don't understand why did I watch it. Sex and the city is one of the most pointless and insulting TV shows I've ever seen. I really don't get the point of this show despite of trying. People are saying that Sex and the city is funny. In what way? By cursing all the time talking about vibrators and the size of the penis? Give me a break.<br /><br />I don't understand the plot: we have four girls who are trying to find a perfect man by sleeping with every dork who comes around. And this show is all about four spoiled chicks who are sleeping with every man in the city but in the end they admit the best pleasure comes out of the penis vibrators. And yeah... the show is trying to tell us that sex is the most important thing in every relationship. If you can have a good sex you're a good husband (or wife). It doesn't matter if you want to be loyal and having a good heart.. the size does matter.<br /><br />The biggest problem is also bad acting. The four main actresses (Sarah Jessica Parker Kim Cattral Cynthia Nixon and Kristin Davis) are so bad and unconvincing that it makes me sick just watching this show. Parker is just screaming and complaining all the time Cattral is showing her old boobs and saying "the f - word" all the time Davis delivers her smile (and nothing else) and Nixon acts like she is bored all the time. And yes... men are sex - hungry pigs in this show. But judging by this show women are not much better. This show is insulting for men and women. The women are shown so primitive and emotionless like they don't have any heart just hunger for sex. It's insulting for everyone.<br /><br />Sex and the city is one of the worst TV shows and I'm glad that the show ended because it delivers bad acting and pointless stories. The whole world is not all about sex and vibrators.
critique9884 This movie was so bad I thought I was going to scream in the middle of it. It was all I could do to sit through it. The beginning of the movie where they are at war was promising. Only it smacked of "Saving Private Ryan" to me...or at least an attempt at it. Only we don't care for these people. There was no build up to the characters. The kid that dies I guess was suppose to make us cry...but for some reason it just irritated everyone. Then we have to listen to line after line of sappy dialog that tried desperately to mimic "Wuthering Heights" which of course was also quoted in the movie. Go figure. There was nothing original about the movie at all it was like sitting through the most mundane parts of every war movie ever made with a little bit of humor thrown in to keep you hoping that it was going to get better. Sadly it doesn't. 3 hours later I leave the theater feeling cheated. Anthony Menghilla should be shot for trying to duplicate the English Patient which for it's time was a good movie but now I wonder....should I rent it and make sure I wasn't just caught up in the HYPE??? Maybe I was but I definitely wasn't caught up in the hype of this film. I really went to the theater wanting to like this movie. I am a die hard Nicole Kidman fan. Save your money rent it on DVD and laugh through it as I did.
critique9885 Directed by the same Jin Ishimoto that put Neoedision and flixer.com (a once promising online film community) temporarily out of business and off the net because of his directorial style and method of filmmaking on his next film GIRL'S BEST FRIEND.<br /><br />THE HOLE suffers from this "look at me I am a filmmaker" style of filmmaking that is becoming the near standard in today's hollywood to the detriment of content.<br /><br />THE HOLE actually starts out with a unique concept but that concept and the promise of captivating content soon is destroyed by the "look at me" directorial style of filmmaking.<br /><br />There are some funny moments that still shine through the pretense but it is a painful short to watch.<br /><br />How sad it is when the new breed of "filmmakers" choose not to be a servant to the story but rather try and dominant on and off screen. Heck they don't care as long as they get their studio deal house on the beach and a new car content and presentation are secondary issues.<br /><br />The real sad part of all this is Hollywood embraces the "look at me" attitude so much that the whole aesthetic of filmmaking is changing. Rather than present a story in a straightforward way that puts the story first today's directors are getting "experimental" i.e. "look at me".<br /><br />Is it me or am I the only one that was really put off by Sena's opening minutes of SWORDFISH. That movie went on to rise above Sena's directorial attempts at "look at me" filmmaking Unfortunately this short film by Mr. Ishimoto does not.<br /><br />3 out of 10 rating from Elec Tv.
critique9886 Warning: Can only detect less than 5000 characters
critique9887 This movie deserves more than a 1. But I'm giving it a one because so many fricken fan boys have given it a 10 resulting in it getting a rating that'll take it into the top 100 list. Seriously it's not that great its not that bad. Its a stupid cult classic with so many fricken fan boys it's ridiculous. These are the types who probably still laugh at Chuck Norris jokes and still say "I'm rick james b!tch" No matter how old or annoying it gets. I dread having to hear "I'm tired of MFn snakes on this MFn plane" months from now from idiots trying to be funny. Its crappy plot crap acting etc. Its Okay to love a bad movie but you still gotta admit its a bad movie.<br /><br />Wait for the Marine starring John Cena if you wanna see a real movie
critique9888 The Polar Express. Director Robert Zemeckis I love Back to the Future Forrest Gump Contact and Who Framed Roger Rabbit (NO QUESTION MARK AFTER THAT MOVIE TITLE!!). And Tom Hanks one of my favorite actors. The reviews of this movie were almost unanimous saying that this is an instant holiday classic. Ebert & Roeper give it two ENTHUSIASTIC thumbs up! Even Ebert's written review gave it a full four stars! Wow... OK... this I gotta see! But wait... the motion capture used looks really weird. Hmm... maybe I'm NOT so interested in seeing this anymore.<br /><br />"Well you comin?" says the train conductor to the boy in The Polar Express. The boy is reluctant at first and the train begins on its course without him. The boy soon changes his mind and jumps aboard just in the nick of time. <br /><br />Now most of you have probably decided to not jump aboard this train and wait for the TV Train or Rental Express (hee hee I'm so witty and clever). I on the other hand was like the boy who was skeptical at first but jumped on to see what the fuss was all about. <br /><br />I just wasted $10 and two hours of my life. <br /><br />I can't even begin to explain the pain in my stomach. The Polar Express was so painful to sit through it's not even funny. There's no story. There's no pay off. You sit there through these series of events and you wonder "is there any point to all this?" It'd be one thing if the scenes were entertaining... but they're not.<br /><br />This movie is void of any emotion any soul any ounce of plausibility and most of all: any fun. This movie is NOT FUN. <br /><br />And let's talk about the way these characters look for a second. Saying that it's the same technology (motion I'm sorry "PERFORMANCE" capture) used to make Gollum is a real shame because Gollum was Believable!!! Photo-realism just does not translate well in this medium. You're using animation why not design the characters to be more expressive? Or why not just film it all with real actors? They certainly COULD have. We as people know all too well how we walk talk interact with things. Seeing it on the screen done unconvincingly is not impressive. Caricatures done convincingly is all the more believable as The Incredibles has proved. The result of The Polar Express now is as if they took corpses of dead children and turned them into puppets. They're moving and talking but where's the heart? Where's the soul? That's what we're seeing on the screen. UGH UGH UGH UGH UGH! This movie is so horrible! <br /><br />There's a scene early in the movie where the boy takes a girl's train ticket from her seat because she got up and left it. He wants to give it to her but you sit there going "why??!" Just leave it.. she's coming back! He of course loses the ticket and "adventure" ensues. And then there's a boy who's stuck in the back of the train all the time and they bring him hot chocolate but he can't come up and join the rest of the kids? And then there's this annoying "know it all" kid with the voice of a 35 year old. It's all so very disturbing. <br /><br />Oh and there's songs! One girl goes into the back of the train where the lonely kid is. He's singing a song to himself. And then she interrupts and joins in! They end the song as they're holding hands looking into each others eyes as if they were lovers. Very awkward. I won't even go into details about the song about serving hot chocolate while waiters dance around the train. "keep it hot keep it hot!" The one scene where Tom Hanks slides on his knees with his arms stretched up in the air has to be one of the most memorably BAD scenes in the history of bad scenes. <br /><br />I have to stop now or I'll just kill myself. I need to watch something crappy to cleanse the palette. Yes... crappy is better than The Polar Express. <br /><br />"The one thing about trains it doesn't matter where you're going what matters is deciding to get on."<br /><br />Don't get on this one. For the love of God I have decided for you! This is just another film taken from a children's book stretched incredibly thin into movie form. It happened with the Grinch and The Cat in the Hat and those were horrible also. But who can blame them? I bet if I took the book The Berenstein Bears' Too Much Junk Food and turned that into a feature film it'd probably be pretty dull also. But at least... there'd be a story and a point which is what The Polar Express is so lacking of.
critique9889 Perhaps I'm out of date or just don't know what Electra is like in current publications... But the Electra that I read was far more manipulative and always seems to have a plan. She usually used others to do her dirty work and more often than not some sort of double cross was involved. Just when you think you have it all figured out she pull the wool over your eyes and gets her way.<br /><br />This movie was fairly weak on the dialog the acting wasn't particularly convincing and the action was spotty. I was really looking for something more along the lines of Frank Miller's book "Electra Assassin." Which is much darker than anything in this movie.<br /><br />Special effect where cool action was interesting at times but more often than not the story and plot was slow or illogical. Tha Hand was not menacing enough and Electra was not..... bitchy enough. She's the girl you love to hate... but in this story I just didn't care either way.
critique9890 Not me.. If it came down to it I could kick a dog's ass and that's why this movie doesn't work for me. If it was me against the Alien or Jason.. Or.. Hell I dunno.. ANY OTHER HORROR MOVIE ANTAGONIST then there'd be no contest and I'd have my ass handed to me barring divine intervention. A horror movie works because it puts people in a situation with a creature person being entity whatever that is more powerful or resourceful or intelligent than they are and then people think 'well what if that happened to me' and they get scared - and that's why this is a horrible idea for a story. I can't imagine myself being terrorized by a dog so I'm not scared.
critique9891 I think that this is one of my top ten worst movies I have ever seen! There's like fade out every two minutes. If this was on TV they would have a preview every 2-3 minutes. But there is a seen I personally enjoyed: which is when the blonde goes to take a bath in a pit of boiling water with a man watching and for about 10 seconds you see her whole body with no towel on! That was the best scene in the whole film because you see sasquatch starring at them but the last 10 minutes is when we see his whole body. Plus most of the deaths are off screen and just the scream or roar. And I was expecting the Sasquatch to die. But he dosen't shoot him and only 4 or 5 people die in the whole film I was expecting 8-10 people to die. Don't watch this movie. I give it an F-. Don't waste your time.
critique9892 I've read the positive comments on this movie. I assume people who were in this movie must've come to this site to give it some good press because this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I always watch the whole film despite the quality or lack there of which explains why I watched this whole movie but I don't think I laughed even once during the duration of this film. The jokes were mostly very bad but when the jokes had some promise the delivery was off. If you liked it maybe you should lay off the buds because you need to preserve the 5 or 6 brain cells you have left. This movie had a poor script bad acting poor directing weak plot... nothing of virtue and was not entertaining. If you haven't seen this movie don't.
critique9893 Well how was I suppose to know this was "the" dumb ass promotional "Lordi Motion Picture"? I mean I realized this when that "dinosaur" costume showed up and by the time the lead singer made his appearance I was humming "Hard Rock Hallelujah" to myself... even though I hate that song. "Dark Floors" is about a young autistic girl who is in the process of being sneaked out of the hospital by her over protective father when they and the rest of the people in that particular elevator become momentarily trapped... When they arrive at their floor it comes as quite a surprise to find that there is nobody else around. The hospital is empty... Except for a variety of monsters that seem to be stalking them for no apparent reason... They run through the hallways and stairwells encountering all of the band members of the heavy metal band in their outlandish shock-rock costumes... Nothing really memorable here except the lousy acting lack of gore/nudity and the utterly shameless promotional edge reminding me very much of "KISS Meet the Phantom of the Park". Yeah remember that dud? Wish I didn't... I would just recommend avoiding all of these Ghost House films like a fungus and not listen to Lordi since they are a Gwar ripoff band!
critique9894 When I bought this film I expected to get a fun 1970's exploitation film. Instead I got this bore fest by amateur auteur Andy Milligan. Ah Andy Milligan. With his tight editing breakneck pacing  and wonderfully well known actors you'd almost think you're watching...one of his home movies! Seriously I couldn't even stay awake the first time I tried to watch it. The scenes of boring people dragged on an on and whenever someone got killed the film would slow down. Sometimes it would speed up too making the characters voices sound like chipmunks which was probably the best thing about this film. The script actually seemed a bit better than the film and seems more well suited to be in a soap opera than in a grainy 70's sleeping pill where the actors constantly stumble over it's lines. The cover said "Their prime cuts were curiously erotic...but thoroughly brutal!" Trust me there is nothing "erotic" about this film. Oh we do get to see characters that resemble extra lumpy cottage cheese making out but that's about it. And as far as "brutal" well the viewer is brutalized the most with this here film. And another thing...
critique9895 If Corky St. Claire in WAITING FOR GUFFMAN had directed the citizens of Blaine in a horror movie with comic undertones the result would have been very much like THE MILPITAS MONSTER.<br /><br />To be generous this was the longest hour and twenty minute movie I've ever seen. To call the pace glacial is to be kind.<br /><br />Almost nobody associated with this project ever made another movie with the exception of Ben Burtt who did the really admirable (considering the budget) special effects. He went on to do sound for movies like MUNICH and several other big budget projects. The narration is by veteran voice-over actor Paul Frees who probably donated his efforts.<br /><br />When you're watching the opening titles and see the Milpitas Unified School District listed as one of the producers you know you're going on a long strange trip.<br /><br />Pollution at the down dump in Milpitas California becomes so toxic that it creates a monster. Remember that this is 1975 and ecology was a hot topic. Just a few years previously moviegoers had been treated to GODZILLA VS. THE SMOG MONSTER.<br /><br />So far so good. The monster is a winged creature at least fifty feet tall and has the capacity to tear the town apart. Instead it steals garbage cans.<br /><br />Central to the premise is the idea that this monster can prowl a small city and leave eight foot long footprints behind but not be noticed by anyone. There's a nicely conceived scene where it walks through the middle of a carnival at night but somehow nobody notices.<br /><br />The only person who sees the monster until the final scenes is George the town drunk. All through the movie I hoped hoped hoped that George would be torn to shreds on camera but this didn't happen. Drat. In fact nobody gets killed. George supposedly sacrifices himself to save Priscilla (he's tied to a helicopter to lure the creature- George smells worse than garbage and the monster is attracted to the scent).<br /><br />The nominal leads are a group of high school students. There's pretty Priscilla and her nondescript boyfriend and some "bad" boys who (surprise surprise) whip themselves into shape to help defeat the monster in the final scenes.<br /><br />The monster is involved in four main set pieces. He attacks a Browning-Ferris garbage truck and leaves it beside an elevated highway but nobody notices. He walks through the carnival again unnoticed. He tears up a building (nice miniature work) and nobody sees him but George. Then he attacks the high school during a dance and grabs Priscilla and carries her off just like a certain very tall ape has done several times most recently this past winter.<br /><br />There are plot ideas that come out of nowhere and are dropped. Local citizens picket at City Hall because they want their garbage cans back. An elaborate secret weapon for tracking monsters is flown in by private jet examined and forgotten.<br /><br />So why did I watch the whole thing? Because these people were having so darned much fun. I had the idea that the firemen were firemen the businessmen were being filmed in their own offices Priscilla may well live in that suburban tract house and scenes of people in their yards may well have been in their own yards.<br /><br />They may not be great actors but they are real people. Nobody is stunningly good looking. In fact I'd estimate that four out of five of the adults on screen wear glasses. Since this is the mid seventies we see some really bad clothes and some of the men have awesomely bad facial hair. One dignitary being interviewed before a meeting at Ciry Hall has such a loud tie and sportcoat that you think he's on his way to play Marcellus in THE MUSIC MAN.<br /><br />And that got the movie two extra stars. Zero for the story. Two points for the sometimes decent special effects. And two points for the fact that people in the community actually got together and did this. They can actually say they've performed in a movie; despite lots of stage experience and working behind the scenes in live television I can't say that and I'm happy for them.<br /><br />Remember those great old movies with Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland? At some point somebody would say "Let's put on a show! Aunt Edna has all those old clothes in the attic and we can use Uncle Ned's barn!" Then they'd do 'neighborhood shows' with sets and costumes that would cost well into seven figures if duplicated today.<br /><br />That's the spirit that the good people of Milpitas had for this project and bless them for that.
critique9896 This film is about a group of extra terrestrial gay black men exterminating females on Earth in order to create a gay Universe.<br /><br />I watched it with the intent of seeing how bad it was. Still I was shocked at how bad it was. It looked more like a film made 50 years ago. The acting if any is ultra bad. The sets and props are so ridiculously fake making any college film look mega budget. And the special effects are laughably simple indeed jaw dropping as others have commented but jaw droppingly embarrassing.<br /><br />One has to be severely intoxicated or in an altered state of consciousness in order to appreciate this film. If I was from Denmark I would be severely embarrassed and humiliated that my countrymen produced such a horrifyingly bad film.
critique9897 One wonders why anyone would try to rehash successful movie plots that have already been seen like it's the case with this movie. "The Wedding Date" is one of the best examples of why not to even try to remake under the guise of a new story something that should have been let alone. If a project like this goes ahead with the studio big honchos' approval then go all out with big stars and glossy production values that way people will come for the stars.<br /><br />Alas that's not what happens in this misguided attempt at comedy. The problem seems to be the way the screen writers have transplanted the story to London when basically this seems to be a typical American situation that not even the setting will be able to fix. Then there is the problem with the stars. Debra Messing and Dermot Mulrooney? They have as much chemistry as oil and vinegar!<br /><br />Since the Kat and Nick have no conflict from the start the viewer is not pulled into the film the way the creators thought they would be. It's clear that Kat will fall for Nick and vice-versa in this predictable story. Amy Adams who was the best asset in "Junebug" comes across as a shallow girl who is willing to keep her lie going on and not come clean to the man that loves her and is going to marry her.<br /><br />For anyone interested the credits at the end of the film run for almost seven minutes!
critique9898 I put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my children the morning we were leaving to go home because I had packed away all their toys. (Toddlers don't like to watch "Regis and KAthie Lee" or "The View.") My four year old found one scene funny but told me the rest of it was "too silly." This is a FOUR YEAR OLD folks. Anyone over the age of say nine will want to kill their television rather than let this one play itself out.<br /><br />To say this movie is bad is like saying the Holocaust was a little mistake. There are no words for how ridiculous and utterly terrible this "film" truly is. The acting is bad the plot is stupid and the script is pathetically unfunny. Since this is supposed to be a comedy the fact that you cannot even laugh at the badness of the movie makes it even worse. Bronson "Balki" Pinchot is the worst with some weird fake accent (Irish-Pakistani-Bronx-Cockney-Cajun as far as I could tell) but all the characters are awful. I haven't watched a real Laurel and Hardy film in ages but I KNOW that they HAD to be way better than this. What is the point of ruining a classic comic duo with... this?<br /><br />Bottom line: derivative garbage. Avoid at all costs unless you have some freaky Bronson Pinchot fetish. 2/10
critique9899 Ever had one of those nights when you couldn't sleep and just turned on the tube to see what was on? That is how I ran across this tripe. For myself I would have been better served tossing and turning for the 97 minutes I wasted with this film.<br /><br />In its attempt to "be real" this movie's characters come off as such gangsta stereotypes that the story should have been the premise for a Wayans brothers movie. The dialog? Please! It sounded like a white man was trying too hard to write this film.<br /><br />The editing was horrible. One of my "favorite" scenes involved a car chase down a bunch of narrow alleys. Cut to the characters being chased though and they are driving through a park complete with baseball fields in the background.<br /><br />When any of our "homies" get shot in this film he bleeds miraculously through clothes that have no holes which is more than I can say for the plot of this predictable load of....baking soda.<br /><br />Indie films can be great even if they are low on budget and effects but they still need to have some cinematic integrity. If I could have given it a 0 I would. If you watch it I hope it is on cable because even the cheapest rental would be too much to pay. Actually 97 minutes was too much to pay...
critique9900 I have to say Krasinski is the only reason I even watched this film. He is good. However everything else about this film is so far below average that it's not worth the time and effort spent viewing this film.<br /><br />This film has loads of technical/aesthetic issues: namely shot selections framing camera movements within monologue sequences extremely bad editing (probably due to the total lack of fluidity in and between shots) and overall terrible acting (except for Krasinski).<br /><br />It was far too theatrical (in acting and presentation) to develop any sort of suspenseful moment in this film...which is surprising because it's all about a bank robbery which should be at least somewhat exciting.<br /><br />How does a film this bad get made and then released AND THEN distributed?<br /><br />Kind of reminds me of a C- film student's thesis project probably not even that good though.
critique9901 George Burns returns as the joshing Almighty after enjoying a big success with 1977's "Oh God!" an upbeat fantasy made successful by a sudden need in the 1970s to switch from devil-driven thrillers to comedic redemption (although it made money the original was more in line with the "Topper" comedies of the '30s than a return to feel-good religious cinema). Here God appears to a young girl (Louanne who had earlier starred in a stage production of "Annie") and asks her to spread his Divine Word causing her nothing but trouble from grown-ups in the process. Peculiar family-oriented film appears to be warm-hearted enough and Burns gets to chime in with a nice barrage of wry jibes but the writing is half-slapstick and half-seriousness with the adults of the piece considering putting little Louanne away all of which makes God seem more like a troublemaker than an elderly friend. Louanne is another problem: a perky kid with wizened little eyes she is untrained for screen-acting and occasionally seems awkward. The medium-budget production has a gloppy TV-movie appearance with few graceful touches. The final scene mimics the climax of the first "Oh God!" in that it brings a wistful sentiment to the mix which is welcomed. It's the most subtle moment in the movie. ** from ****
critique9902 I cannot stay indifferent to Lars van Trier's films. I consider 'Breaking the Waves' nothing less than a masterpiece. I loved 'Dancer in the Night'. I admired the idea in 'Dogville' but the overall exercise looked to me too dry and too theatrical less cinema. 'Europa' which I see only now was a famous film at its time succeeded in the US the relative success of an European film and got the Oscar for the best foreign language movie but did not survive well the time in my opinion. It is also a too much explicit and extrovert exercise in cinema art to my taste.<br /><br />The story has a level of ambiguity that cannot escape the viewer. Treating the period that immediately followed the second world war not in the black and white colors of victors and vanquished of executioners and victims but as rather ambiguous times when people of both sides were fighting for survival in the aftermath of a catastrophic event that change the lives of nations and individuals forever is still a source of disputes even today more such was novel and courageous two decades ago. Yet it is the means of expression that really do not appear fit to the task.<br /><br />The film seems to include a lot of quotes descending directly from the films of Hitchcock especially his early films set in the pre-war Europe with brave British spies fighting evil German spies on trains crossing at high speed the continent at dark. The trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatism. Here the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparkles of the re-birth of Germany after war of its might of its obsession with order and regulation of punctuality and civility. The characters that populate the train are far from being the classical spy stories good or bad guys. The principal character a young American of German origin coming to post-war Europe willing to be part of a process of help and reconciliation finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption with liberators looking more like oppressive occupiers with the vanquished not resigned to their fate but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction with love doubtfully mixed with treason.<br /><br />It is yet this classical film treatment that betrays the director in this case. The actions of the characters especially of Leopold Kessler played by Jean-Marc Barr seem confused and lack credibility. The overall cinematography seems to be not Hitchcock-like but rather from a bad imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30s. The usage of color over the black-and-white film used in the majority of the time in moments of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative. It is not that Van Trier does not master his artistic means but he is too demonstrative he seems to try too hard to show what a great filmmaker he is. He really is great as he will show in some of his later films but it will be left to the viewers to decide this alone.
critique9903 This was one film i wanted to watch always when it released The promos were eye catching and Govinda in a negative role was a surprise<br /><br />But the film isn't that good<br /><br />It has lot of flaws<br /><br />The start is good and till the murder everything goes well but the film falls flat when the romance track starts between Govinda and Karisma and the songs that follow<br /><br />Then the twist about Govinda and Tabu being in love leaves more doubts and flaws and then How come Govinda turns into a rich criminal from a poor villager?<br /><br />The last flashback too is prolonged and also the entire clash between Govinda-Karisma and Tabu<br /><br />N Chandra disappoints Music is okay Bahot Khoobsurat stands out<br /><br />Govinda tries a negative role and does very well in it though he overdoes it too much at times Karisma is good but irritates at times with her cries Tabu is okay Nirmal Pandey still doesn't know the difference between loud screaming and acting rest are okay
critique9904 I heard and read many praising things about "Midnight Meat Train" which is based on a short story written by no less than Clive Barker and supposedly the best adaptation of his work since the original "Hellraiser" that he directed himself but so far I can only express very mixed sentiments about my viewing experience. The most appropriate term to summarize the whole film in just word is: nauseating! The violence is sadistic and extreme which undoubtedly attracts fanatic young horror enthusiasts but it's also indescribably gratuitous and exploitative. Normally speaking I'm very pro-violence but it has to at least serve some kind of purpose. The butchering Ã‚Â– literally Ã‚Â– depicted in "Midnight Meat Train" is exclusively meant to shock and to repulse the viewers with weak nerve systems and easily upset stomachs and even that isn't fully effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are more shortcomings some even bigger than the pointless gore but perhaps I should focus on the good elements first. The basic concept is definitely promising and multiple sequences (like the chase in the freezer room for example) are literally oozing with nail-biting suspense and macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately the pacing is very uneven and the elaboration of the potentially fantastic plot is made unnecessarily convoluted. Presumably the processing of a short story into a long feature film scenario is responsible for the pacing irregularities but I honestly feel they could have done more with the denouement as well as with the character played by Vinnie Jones. The plot introduces Leon an aspiring photographer in New York whose agent advises to search for the truly menacing face of the city through sinister pictures. Leon then becomes obsessed with stalking an introvert and suspiciously behaving butcher who always awaits the midnight train. Leon's right as the butcher turns out to be a relentless serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer but the killer's motivations and behavior suggest there's something far more substantial going on the rails at night. "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in naturally unsettling locations like subway stations at night and animal abattoirs plus the film also benefices of good acting performances and a truckload of downright disturbing images (like cadavers on meat hooks and train carriages smeared in blood) but director RyÃƒÂ»hei Kitamura ("Versus" "Godzilla Final Wars") doesn't take full advantage of it all. The ending leaves a whole lot questions unanswered and even if Clive Barker meant to have like this I still think we deserved a slightly more clarifying finale. "Midnight Meat Train" is a somewhat intriguing and definitely haunting film but not without defaults. It's not intended for easily offended viewers but maybe people looking for plot coherence and clarity should leave it alone as well.
critique9905 Please! Do not waste any money on this movie. It really is nothing more than a boring German Blair Witch ripoff made by some high school kids. I couldn't finish watching it and usually I like watching all kinds of B-movies. How on earth could they find a distributor for it?!!! Funny however: Check out Wikipedia for "dark area". The guy who wrote the entry must be completely out of his mind. Maybe he got loads of money from the producers. Money that should have been spend on actors camera and editing. Even that wouldn't have helped since there is absolutely no interesting idea behind this film. Unfortunately "dark area" has already gotten too much attention. Please director producer and author of this movie STOP making movies like that...you are not doing yourself a favor. The world would be a better place without this film.
critique9906 Nu Image UFO and others produce films for the SCI FI channel that come in with budgets of roughly $2 million. Some feature extensive effects work others feature recognizable casts and still others feature both -- for $2 million.<br /><br />Mr. Hines initially claimed that this film was budgeted at $20 million dollars but it's painfully obvious that this was probably produced for $750000 if not considerably less than that. Few sets are utilized a number of scenes are shot against green screen and most effects seem incomplete and amateurish.<br /><br />It's painful to watch. Not so much because it is poorly directed poorly executed and misguided but because many of us have been following the progress of this production for quite some time and had high hopes for this film despite its relatively modest budget.<br /><br />Those of us who believed in this movie when it was originally announced have joined the legions of those spoken of by P.T. Barnum.
critique9907 I tried to love this movie. I really did. Kevin Bacon plays a cerebral palsy victim who is befriended by a 10-year-old girl whose fantasies of digging to China flying away in a balloon and so on are her way of coping with a dreary existence. I admit I did fast-forward through one of the scenes in which the two of them share friendship and simple pleasures while soulful piano music plays in the background. Okay three or four of those type scenes. Maybe nine or ten. Okay okay it was fourteen. But I did sit and watch most of them.
critique9908 I'm not quite sure why but this movie just doesn't play the way it should. It should be humerous and fun but instead is just boring. I think a large part of it is because they way over played the "gadgets." The old cartoon it is based on is much better.<br /><br />3/10
critique9909 But this movie was a bore. The history part was fine but the musical part was not. Not one song I cared about and no soundtrack to be heard.<br /><br />If Sweet Jesus" was suppose to be comic relief it never work. If John Adams was suppose to be the obnoxious annoying one the rest of them were trying to overthrow him in every scene.<br /><br />Hancock and Jefferson were the only bearable characters in the whole movie.<br /><br />The historical quotes and the debate about slavery in their historical context were interesting enough but not enough to overcome the lack of music in a musical.<br /><br />Shouldn't you be humming the songs after a musical except for a few chirps nothing else was worth the breath.
critique9910 (Review in English since Swedish is not allowed)<br /><br />I saw this movie with extremely low expectations and I can sadly inform you that the movie barely lived up to them.<br /><br />As much as I loved to see Janne "Loffe" Karlsson on the big screen again the writers should have realized early in the scriptwriting process that seven people falling into the water isn't original or funny. The story is very thin and the jokes are used and predictable the ones that ain't is just plain boring. I smiled like three times during the entire film.<br /><br />The placement of Swedish Findus products is (unintentionally) funny why not just a big sign saying; "Findus made it happen!".<br /><br />GÃƒÂ¶ta Kanal 2 doesn't need to be seen at the cinema or on DVD just wait for it to air on TV it wont take too long.
critique9911 Based on a fairly bland "best seller" this film - like most other Lifetime movies - played out more like a reenactment than an actual movie. The only difference here was that Meredith Baxter wasn't in it. The women in this don't age even over a span of like 20 years and the acting in general is pretty bad.<br /><br />The characters in this were all clichÃƒÂ© and one-dimensional. The story was of the cheesy nature. I wouldn't recommend it but it's the kind of thing that people who loved the book and people who watch that network all the time will think is great. I only watched it because my girlfriend wanted to see it so she wouldn't have to read the book her sister loaned to her. It wasn't made for someone like me - my girlfriend cried a little at the end though so she didn't think it was as terrible as I did.
critique9912 Chaplin was great a silent comedian but many silent era stars fell when the public heard their voices in the first talkies. In my opinion Chaplin's voice simply did not fit his silent characters that made him rich and famous. His career never recovered when sound came to film. Contrary to most of the reviews I have read Chaplin's lifestyle and politics did not help his popularity with the average viewer who expected to be entertained by Chaplin the comedian and not spend their entertainment dollar watching Chaplin's political commentary.<br /><br />Despite Chaplin's awards and knighthood I would take exception to his "contributions" to humanity. The Great Dictator was made at the same time Stalin's brutal dictatorship was having it's show trials and both Dictators signed the agreement that lead to invasion of Poland by both Dictators. WWII started in an attempt to save Poland. The Nazi's were defeated in 6 years but Poland disappeared as a sovereign country. This happened during the time this film was made and the investigations of Hollywood by the Federal government. Had Chaplin included Joe Stalin in this satirein addition to including the Italian dictator perhaps he would have had less criticism about his politics by the politicians. The Soviet's mistreatment of Jews and dissidents exceeded the Nazi's in time and numbers.<br /><br />Judged simply as a film many of the gags were too topical to be understood by younger viewers who wouldn't know who Goebbels Goring or Mussolini were. A classic piece of art must stand the test of time. Classic Greek Tragedy the Mona Lisa and Beethoven's 9th are still enjoyed centuries after their creation because they are timeless. Films which rely on topical political commentary or currently popular social views usually do not outlast the generation in which they are made. But those that address issues that are common to all generations will probably live forever and receive a high rating from me.<br /><br />Chaplin as the writer director and lead actor must take the blame for what I judge as a dated and tiresome film.<br /><br />Chaplin's apologists have excused his decision to leave the country that made him rich and famous. If Chaplin found the US so offensive why didn't he return to his native land. Great Britian fought the Nazi'with blood and money. What did Switzerland contribute in the fight against the European dictators? Switzerland is like a country club that picks and chooses its members based on race and class and cares little about people who can't join the club.
critique9913 I loved this movie when I was a teenager. LOVED it. It hasn't grown up with me though. Maybe that's because it's a melodramatic load of old rubbish full of macho posturing cheesy dialogue overwrought slo-mo and characters saying 'Goddammit' a lot. The lumpy narrative blobs gracelessly from one character to another one plot strand to another without ever bringing it all together and it doesn't help that William Baldwin's mono-expression of a performance is wet enough to put out every fire in the movie's overlong runtime. Robert DeNiro and Donald Sutherland are worth watching but no one's really at the top of their game here and the women folk get particularly short thrift. The only real impact comes from the impressive firefighting sequences and Hans Zimmer's majestic score which remains one of my all-time favourites.
critique9914 The 3rd in the series finds Paul Kersey (Bronson) turning vigilante to get revenge on the thugs that murdered his old buddy. I don't know why this movie shoved me into it but somehow it did. I found myself rooting for Bronson to wipe the floor with those punks. Every time he blew one of them away I felt good. This movie does not take itself seriously but what if it did? There is a good build-up to the fireworks finale in which Bronson goes on a rampage. But as far as acting and plot go it just doesn't measure up. If I lived in that neighborhood I would get out as fast as I could but it seems like the people are asking for trouble. I know there is that mentality that we need to save our streets but there is a limit here folks. I had to give it a 4. Sure there are good "blow 'em away" scenes but that's about it. At that time Bronson was 64. I'm sure if those thugs really wanted to they could have their way with Bronson. Bronson takes the place of a Schwarzanegger or Stallone in this movie. This movie gives you a sense of rejoice. The common man can save the neighborhood save the day. To sum it up this is far from being the original Death Wish but it is rather good if you are just looking for an hour and a half of shoot 'em up.
critique9915 I was once a big Olsen fan. I received this movie when I was six and watched it almost nonstop until I was nine. Then it lay on my shelf gathering dust until yesterday. I was left speechless.<br /><br />Mary-Kate and Ashley play Allie and Mel two twelve year olds who are sent to spend Spring Break in Paris with their ambassador grandfather. Along the way they meet as one might expect two cute French boys who show them the more fun side to Paris. I guess the two boys were okay fake French accents aside. <br /><br />The plot is predictable and the humour is shallow and corny. Mary-Kate and Ashley play two shallow girls with too much make up on their face. <br /><br />Don't watch this movie if you're not into the Olsen twins or family movies.
critique9916 Ok let me say that I didn't expect a film starring Jerry Springer to be cinematic gold all I asked for was it to be cinematic...and it wasn't even that. It looked like someone's bad home movies. Poorly acted scripted and filled to the brim with nudity of the most unnattractive people I've ever seen.<br /><br />The film's "plot" focuses on a low-class family who decide to go on the "Jerry Farrelly Show" to discuss multiple affairs between a mother daughter stepfather and the daughter's fiancee. From there the movie fizzles and develops into a unique experience: white-trash pornography. There's redneck sex interacial sex even sex between Jerry and his wife? (Yuk!) This film encouraged me to want to run out of the theater and get a second circumcision. At least it was mercifully short. Disgusting and degrading. African-Americans and working class America should be offended. (Howard Stern should be pleased however he didn't squander his attempt for film stardom. His was smart funny and entertaining)<br /><br />MY GRADE: F+ (the daughter was hot)
critique9917 Once again a film classic has been pointlessly remade with predictably disastrous results. The title is false as is everything about this film. The period is not persuasively rendered and the leads seem way too young and too vapid to even be criminals. Arthur Penn's film had style humor a point of view and was made by talented people. Even if the 1967 version didn't exist this would still be an unnecessary film. The 1967 version strayed from the facts presented a glamorized version of Bonnie and Clyde but it was exciting and innovative for 1967 and it had some outstanding performances that allowed you to care. This 1992 remake seems culled from the original film rather than the truth as known and the actors in this version are callow unappealing and not the least bit interesting. By all means skip this one and hope the 2010 version will be better. Could it possibly be worse?
critique9918 I rented this film thinking it was the sobbingly sad 1959 version I saw as a kid. It was not. I was therefore very disappointed with what I felt was marginal acting poor character development and most of all failure to highlight the relationship between the boy and his dog. In this version... the "Dog of Flanders" is just a cute "aside" to the movie. Get the 1959 version!
critique9919 Yes I realize that half a dozen other reviewers have called this movie "Copying Amadeus" but it cannot be said enough. Scenes seemed to have been lifted directly from Milos Forman's script with only superficial changes. You can expect to see:<br /><br />-The maestro's arrogant scene ("I am the voice of god. Everything else is meaningless!")<br /><br />-The maestro making fun of the mediocre composer's work (complete with raspberries & simulated flatulence just like in Amadeus)<br /><br />-The mediocre composer's dialogue with god ("Why do you instill me with music but deny me the ability to compose?")<br /><br />-The musical dictation from the deathbed scene ("Common time. Begin with the violins... cough cough")<br /><br />-and the list goes on...<br /><br />The problem is even worse. Not only were these scenes shamelessly copied they weren't even done very well. Jeepers if you're going to rip off an original at least you should try to improve upon it in your own creative way.<br /><br />No wait there's something even worse than that. It's the fact that the director tried to beat the story of Mozart into the story of Beethoven. Folks Beethoven was not a crass vulgar slob the way this movie portrays him. Furthermore Beethoven was not a babbling idiot who takes pointers from his copyist a 23 year old music student. Unfortunately films like this are responsible for butchering history.<br /><br />And another thing Beethoven (in real life) never called it the "Moonlight Sonata" the way he does in the movie. That name was given by a confused critic some years AFTER BEETHOVEN DIED and unfortunately it stuck. But Beethoven's original title was "Quasi una Fantasia".<br /><br />AND ANOTHER THING when Beethoven (in the movie) yells "B-flat! B-flat! B-flat!" and hits the note on the piano he's hitting a white key!<br /><br />AND ANOTHER THINGGG!!! Beethoven (in real life) was completely deaf for several years before the composition of his 9th Symphony. This movie shows him as having barely a minor disability (saying "what?" every other line just enough to be annoying).<br /><br />AAAND!! ANNNOTHER!!! THINGGGG...!! The American accents...! Oh never mind. Just... never mind. I've wasted enough time on this already. Go see "Amadeus" again. Then if you want to see an interesting biopic on the life of Beethoven see "Immortal Beloved" which takes poetic liberties but at least they're interesting ideas. Lastly if you want to see something on the lighter side check out "Impromptu" a film about Chopin. But aside from those three I've never seen a good homage to a classical composer.
critique9920 When I first saw the trailer for this film I really wanted to see it. I thought some of the director's other works were quite good but I must say I was disappointed. The plot involves a young woman who lives with a widowed father and two his two sons. They move into a well-guarded community yet all is not as it seems; a sort of Twin Peaks. The woman begins to see or not see things an people. During the first reel I had a hypothesis and thought "this can't be the whole reason?" Well the ending lived up or better DOWN and gave us what I felt was a truly weak final act. The sound mixing and quality is excellent. Saw it in a THX Certified Theatre and was impressed.. by the audio and only the audio. The picture is missing substance.
critique9921 A very weak movie mainly because of a poor story but also poor acting in the case of Robert Downey Jr. and irrational behaviour by many of the characters. If you are someone who likes to switch your mind off and simply watch a movie for it's creativity or acting criteria then you may like this movie. Personally I can't do that with a drama and found this too far-fetched.<br /><br />I'm particularly annoyed when a main character that is supposed to be an intelligent person continually acts like a complete imbecile. In this movie if the main character acted the way a person would normally act in these situations there would be no movie.<br /><br />The first highly unlikely act is when the main character a successful attorney named Magruder played by Kenneth Branagh is leaving a party and happens upon a girl Mallory Doss played by Embeth Davidtz who is screaming that her car has been stolen. They are standing around in a tropical rainstorm as he badgers her into accepting a ride home.<br /><br />She tells him about her weird father who belongs to some kind of weird sect and does crazy things. When they arrive at her dilapidated shack in the poorer part of town they notice that her car is in the driveway. Also the house lights are on and some objects in the house have been broken.<br /><br />Things are very odd she's weird (looking like a tramp she undresses in front of him until she's completely naked Ã‚Â… oh yeah!). Also the father's strange the house is a wreck -- everything should have told Magruder "hey this is too weird for me I'm out of here!' But not Magruder he sleeps with her and then motivated by her story and sex takes up the case of trying to have her father committed. It all screams set-up!<br /><br />Then being the top-flight attorney that he is he arrives late at the office wearing the same shirt he had on the night before (a fact that all of the women in the office notice). Is it likely that a successful attorney would act like a 16-year-old? Magruder has upset the police in some of his cases so when he goes to the police claiming with ample evidence that the father is terrorising them the police ignore him. I could have believed begrudging assistance. But no help at all -- not likely!<br /><br />It's just too unlikely.
critique9922 The fallen ones falls under the waste of life (WOL) category. I am sad that I am now two hours older was not entertained. My other family members also watched this movie and threw demeaning comments at the screen and rooted for the mummy. I felt sorry for the actors (Wagner). I have read other negative reviews and cannot add anything else to this movie other than it could be reduced to 25 minutes so it could take a 30 minute slot on TV without any loss of plot. It reminds me of a dish that has several good ingredients but when served is bland with no flavor at all. In my humble opinion The 42 foot mummy should have been 8-10 feet and improved the plot by taking out the mystic and replacing him with several people who want to denigh the facts and want DNA samples for evil reasons. The heroes are discredited and tossed on there ear by their colleges. Later after everything was screwed up by the evil people. The heroes would save the day and prove everyone wrong.
critique9923 Don't be deceived as I was by the 'glowing' reviews quoted on the DVD box. "Wildly entertaining." "a seriously scary freakout." and the worst of all "ON PAR WITH JAWS." This movie is none of the above.<br /><br />Normally I don't bother with writing bad reviews for films but I can't believe this one is resting at a comfortable 7 on IMDb. It doesn't deserve it.<br /><br />After a so-so opening daylight attack by a monster created by what else chemicals dumped by lazy scientists this movie goes absolutely nowhere and it goes there sloooowly. Basically and improbably a girl is snagged by the monster (I'll give them points for a good creature design but this ain't no WETA creation) and her semi-comical family spend an hour-and-a-half tracking her down...in the sewers surrounding the Han river. Their search lacks any suspense-again someone called this on par with Jaws?-and by the time they find her you realize it was all pretty much pointless. Other than that a big bulk of the movie is committed to a government quarantine that culminates in one funny scene involving a guy spitting in a gutter in front of a crowded bus stop.<br /><br />Blech. This was bad. I'm not kidding. You want to see a rotten monster movie? Rent Deep Rising. At least you'll save 30 minutes of your life.
critique9924 Everybody loves to see a really bad movie sometime. You watch it take a good laughs and forget it in the next half hour. But this is not one of those. It's the worst thing that will appear in front of your eyes for a while.<br /><br />I would like to see someone to take responsibility for Dante - he's really the most stupid villain you can think of: a guy in leather pants that speaks with a voice over and has a victory laugh like a 50's Dracula. How can someone came up with this guy?? And the hero..."The Dragon" or whatever...my cereals box has better acting skills than him (maybe than all of them) it's unbelievable. But the worst are the fighting scenes where you would think there could be something in it. They're so lame it's beyond any kind of description. There's no shame i just can't believe how this movie was allowed by any studio. But i'm just thrilled it was. Watching this is a self-mutilating pleasure. See this only if you're in a movie quest for pain and in that case this one is a sure winner.
critique9925 ... why watch a TV drama (billed as a comedy) in which none of the characters are likable or even interesting people ? I can sort of see what the writer David Renwick was trying to achieve: the misdirections and bad-taste surprises that he put into "One foot in the grave" etc. I admit that the script made a bit more of an effort than most on British TV at the moment. But really ... who cares about these people ? They are cold bores.<br /><br />Another poster mentioned the scene in which the woman sits down to watch a video of herself and her deceased ex-boyfriend shagging. That was the moment when I switched OFF this programme never to return.<br /><br />P.S. It's interesting to note that the posters who didn't like this series are all British whereas those who praise it are mostly in other countries. This reflects the fact that when the BBC broadcast this series it was ignored by viewers and sank like a stone.<br /><br />P.P.S. Good news for those who liked it ! There will be a second series in Autumn 2007 - though without the male lead. It sounds like the BBC have decided to turn it into a more conventional 30 minute sitcom.
critique9926 It has very bad acting. Bad story lines. Bad characters. You should never see this show If you see it on. TURN IT OFF. Or you be cringing for the next 30 minutes. It should have never been aired. It's not great. You should never see it. NEVER EVER EVER. So now if you ever wanna watch this show please don't. Turn to the THE CW for Smallville. Or Disney Channel for Hannah Montana Wizards Of Waverly Place or Nick for Drake & Josh Those are much better family shows. So believe me on this I've watched it before. and It is honestly and I say Honestly the worst show I've ever seen and I've seen a lot of TV. So do me a favor and never watch this show.
critique9927 This type of plot really does have a lot of potential but it was butchered here. Honestly I sensed the cheese element in the beginning but I thought it would get better after the grotesque birthing. Whoa I was wrong! So mad scientist makes a monster wants to brag to his old cronies before he kills them but of course they escape. After that it's really bad. I should've counted the times the rubber shark mask peeked out from behind some foliage but I most likely would have lost count.<br /><br />Pan down to the blood-dripping-from-severed-leg to show us how the shark-man finds the folks. I hate being spoon-fed every aspect of a horror film.<br /><br />Oh and after being nearly killed by a mutated shark-man and trudging around a jungle-esqe island there's nothing more cheerful than a middle-aged man reciting Shakespeare...<br /><br />This is one where you'll find yourself rooting for the monster... if you can bear to watch this poor excuse for a flick.
critique9928 One look at the rating ought to tell you this movie was voted on by shills in an attempt to artificially boost this film's ratings.<br /><br />This film brings nothing new to the zombie genre. In fact it is laughably bad (in acting and cinematography) and derivative in its plot. The make-up looks horrible and the zombies look even worse when shot. Lines are stiffly delivered and badly timed with the exception of the female bounty hunter who is the only good actor in this mess of a film. The worst offenders are the Italian guy (Hans) Ryn the protagonist and the lead bad guy. I've seen better delivery from pizza truck with a flat tire. <br /><br />This is a self-proclaimed "zombie western" but about the only thing that makes this a "zombie western" is the fact that people wear cowboy hats and the lead actor's real name is Clint. The protagonist isn't cool and mysterious like a traditional Eastwood hero and as an anti-hero he doesn't have the wise-cracking attitude to pull it off either.<br /><br />Don't be fooled by the fake glowing reviews. This is just another B-grade zombie movie that's competently made for the budget it had (it does have some decent lighting) but it reeks of low-budget first-time directing and bad acting. There are a LOT OF REALLY stupid scenes that make this look really amateurish.
critique9929 Perhaps it's just me but this movie seemed more like sequel or follow-up than the separate project. Why? When it was filmed (just few years after the war) most of the viewers probably knew why Rommel was so famous why his death was so important to Allied why he was Hitler's favorite general but now 50 years later it isn't so obvious anymore.<br /><br />"Desert Fox: The Story of Rommel" is a decent war movie but it's just isn't in any way explained how Rommel did get his nickname what was he doing that Allied considered him as their best general why their soldiers were so afraid of Afrika Korps? That's what is missing in this movie - we see his fame his character his way to treat soldiers and enemies but f.e. we also see that Hitler was complaining about his achievements in Africa calling him coward etc. So we're missing the big picture here - it is "The Story of Rommel" but unfortunately the "Desert Fox" part is missing.
critique9930 You wouldn't expect a movie like this to be good and it isn't. It's a no budget ultra violent zombie movie filmed with a bad looking hand-held camera...and it's hilarious. The actors obviously have never acted before and it shows in their terrible hilarious readings. There is no plot to be seen. The little plot I could find seemed to be that a government experiment escaped and a group of zombie seems to be terrorizing a couple families. The gore effects are actually some of the most sickening I've ever seen. It seems the gore effects people raided a butcher shop for all the body parts and many scenes involve zombies dismembering people and eating their organs. It's a funny and sickening film and it's about as bad as you can get in terms of any movie.<br /><br />My rating: BOMB/****. 90 mins.
critique9931 Merry madcaps in London stage a treasure hunt with one young woman inadvertently fixing up her married politician father with a strong independent lady-flier who's never been in love. Intriguing early vehicle for Katharine Hepburn playing an Amelia Earhart-like aviatrix who's been too self-involved to give herself over to any man. The director (Dorothy Arzner) and the screenwriter (Zoe Akins who adapted Gilbert Frankau's book) were obviously assigned to this project to get the female point of view but why are all the old clichÃƒÂ©s kept intact like frozen artifacts? Billie Burke plays the type of simpering weepy wife who takes to her bed when thing go wrong and Hepburn's final scene is another bummer. A curious artifact but not a classic for Kate-watchers. ** from ****
critique9932 This movie was the beatliest mormon movie made yet. It made the RM & Sons of Provo look like well done films! It was supposed to be funny from what I was told. The best part was the best actor in the movie-Travis Eberhard-if he wasn't in the movie it probably wouldn't have been made! He ruled!<br /><br />10. It wasn't funny 9. It was beat 8. It had Thurl Big T Bailey who's character made no sense 7. It was made in Provo 6. It didn't make fun of Brokeback 5. It had Larry H. Miller in it 4. It was the 1st movie Clint Howard wasn't funny in 3. Gary Coleman chose the perfect movie 4 a comeback 2. They should have cast at Surreal Life auditions 1. It was made by Halestorm Entertainment!!
critique9933 First and foremost I'd like to state - for the record - that it's incredibly dumb to call your movie "Embryo" when the subject matter exclusively revolves on scientific research performed on fetuses (animal as well as human) aged 12-16 weeks. The embryonic stage is over at the end of the eighth pregnancy week and from that moment on the unborn critter enters the fetal phase. Okay in all honestly I didn't know all this but I took the effort of looking it up and that's the also the least thing the creators of "Embryo" could have done. Don't worry; I'm not just stumbling over details or being exaggeratedly bitter as there are several more reasons to state why "Embryo" is a huge failure. Actual science can be considered as boring and inaccessible and thus Science Fiction is a cinematic genre created especially to make the otherwise tedious yet educational science topics more interesting and comprehensible to larger audiences. By depicting ambitious scientific experiments that go horribly wrong or space missions that encounter evil aliens instead of light-years of void filmmakers usually manage to entertain people with spectacular special effects and at the same time teach them useful little trivia about science. In order to make a good or at least halfway-decent Science Fiction movie writers and directors only have to comply with one basic rule: DON'T be boring! If they can't fulfill this one condition the viewer might as well read a theoretically accurate book. Something must have gone wrong during the production of Ralph Nelson's "Embryo". The basic premise is potentially fascinating and even involving as we're all sensitive about saving the lives of unborn babies. There also were some very prominent names involved in the production like main stars Rock Hudson ("Giant" "Seconds") Diane Ladd ("Chinatown" "Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore") and director Nelson himself was responsible for the acclaimed classics "Soldier Blue" and "Charly". Then what went wrong? Simple. The script is irredeemably boring clichÃƒÂ©d and the whole thing looks incredibly foolish because the lab scenery & scientific equipment is clearly too primitive to achieve any medical breakthroughs with. <br /><br />Rock Hudson in a very poor performance plays a doctor who hasn't put any passion in his research work ever since his wife passed away. When his car hits a pregnant dog on a rainy night his passion returns and he does everything possible to save the dying animals' fetuses. He manages to keep one fetus alive impressively accelerates its growth process and trains it to become an extremely intelligent dog. Because his procedure is so successful Dr. Paul Holliston convinces his friend at the hospital to repeat his tests with the human fetus taken from the womb of a pregnant teenager who committed suicide. The female subject unexpectedly keeps growing at a fast rate however and after only a couple of weeks she's a full-grown ravishing and super-intelligent woman. The good doctor naturally falls in love with her but the groundbreaking new growth treatment also begins to show horrible side effects... Absolute nothing happens during the first 45 minutes of the film apart from a lot of implausible and overly melodramatic mumbo-jumbo and one or two deeply impressive tricks performed by the dog. That second half of the film does contain a little bit of (grotesque) action and suspense but by then the stupidity of the dialogs and the implausible plot-twists already ruined the potentially fabulous Sci-Fi idea. There are some really cool scenes most notably the chess-showdown between Victoria and Roddy McDowall (in a highly memorable and ultra-obnoxious supportive role). The grand finale is absurdly grotesque and literally on the verge of ridiculous and it almost feels like Ralph Nelson put in that final disastrous shot because it was the general rule in contemporary thriller & Sci-Fi cinema. The last sequence including the horrible freeze-frame shot at the end certainly doesn't fit the tone of the previous 100 minutes of the film. But anyway my sincere admiration and respect to the dog and his trainers. An animal with such intellect and talent surely deserved to demonstrate its tricks in a much better film.
critique9934 This was one of the slowest movies I have ever had the displeasure of sitting through. After the introduction where we are given the backstory of "something" killing a couple people in a farm house We are introduced to a white looser family that is moving to a farm - AND NOTHING HAPPENS for a looooong time. Then they meet this drifter who helps out on the farm AND NOTHING HAPPENS again for a very long time. Then FINALLY the girl of the family has some plotergeist stuff happens. Then some more happens the drifter guy goes nuts and the movie ends. In between its all about how this family had to move out becuz the girl got in some trouble back home and they have no money and its done SO POORLY that I could care less about these pathetic people. I cannot believe I actually went to the theatres to see this! Not only did this movie suck but some a$$hole answered his cell phone dumb morons were making noise AND the movie sucked. THATS WHY THEATERS SUCK - Bad movies overpriced crappy food and idiots in the theatre I'm staying home and watching DVDs from now on at least I could smoke if I was at home while watching this stupid movie. Stay home and bake some pie rather than going to a theatre to see this piece of typical crap. Dumb stupid crap.
critique9935 As a writer and a lapsed Orthodox Jewish woman I was let down tremendously by this movie. The dialogue is hackneyed and wasteful the characters too engaged with lines ranging from the wrackingly prosaic to the stunningly melodramatic aren't allowed to expand into genuinely textured individuals. The one-trick musical score tries to make up for the blandness swooping portentously into the silence to jar the viewer and the script out of protracted catatonia.<br /><br />Like an adolescent revolutionary on a self-righteous tirade this film is blown away by the wisdom of its revelation--patriarchy is wrong--and thoroughly squanders its energies hammering on this point. The resultant artistic crime is a complete lack of imaginative development; the moral crime is the reduction of human beings to caricatures: martyrs and grotesques.
critique9936 This movie is basically about some girls in a Catholic school that end up getting into trouble because of putting red dye in one in one of their school mates shampoo and after being reprimanded for this act they decide to take off to Florida for a vacation. On their way there they meet up with some guys in a local diner and decide that they would both meet up with each other in another location later on. The girls end up on a road side near the woods and stop for awhile and while one of the girls decides to walk around a bit she sees a murder happen in which the local sheriff himself is involved. She becomes scared and runs to tell the others what happened. The other girls decide to go take a look with her and two of them get killed by the killer. Then the two remaining girls are caught by the killer and are placed in local jail cell. The deputy sheriff meanwhile is keeping watch over the girls and despite their insistence that the sheriff is the killer he ignores them both and acts as ignorant and everybody else in this movie who just can't put two and two together much less some lousy detective work at that. The best part was the rape scene between the killer and one of the girls where he decides to rape her in her jail cell and it seems that the girl actually WANTS to be raped by this man and the bare chest scene I admit was good but before their lips meet he has other things in mind. This movie reminds me of the low-budget thriller "Blood Song" with Frankie Avalon staring in it the same motive just a different character part. It's not a movie worth renting not even for an 80's low-budget movie and the ending was the worst ending I have ever seen in a movie and it left me wanting my money back!
critique9937 Painful. Painful is the only word to describe this awful rendition of such a fun and interesting Shakespearean play. I gave it a shot but was terribly disappointed and couldn't bare to even finish viewing it. To the person who wrote a novel about how wonderful this twist of Much Ado was I pity you and your bored brain. May your pretenses about young viewers be lifted without retribution. Please do not even bother with this gut wrenching disgusting excuse for a performance of an acclaimed Shakespeare drama. You will be forced to induce vomiting and will require a commode close to the television with which you choose to watch this crap because involuntary defecation will take place.
critique9938 Right this moment I am watching this movie on TV here in Tokyo. Beautiful scenery beautiful sets of biblical proportions beautiful costumes beautiful color beautiful Gina. Great climactic scene when God destroys the Sheban idol and a lot more with de Millean thunderbolts at the moment when Yul and Gina are about to consummate their love. Yul does a halfway decent job of delivering his lines though he sounds a lot like Yul delivering his lines as Ramses or Taras Bulba. George Sanders sounds like George Sanders playing George Sanders. Given the limited range of acting she is asked to display in this role Gina does a good job though by the time the movie ends she is completely converted into a demure remorseful lass and looks likes she might be playing in a biography of Mother Teresa. I guess thunderbolts will do that to you but it is almost breathtaking how quickly she jettisons her own beliefs for her new religion. The supporting players are mostly awful lacking credible emotion and timing. The usual big battle scenes what passed for lascivious dances in 1959 and an orchestra blasting out plenty of trumpet calls behind a huge chorus singing lots of "Ah's" but none of it quite of topnotch Hollywood quality. The final swordfight between Brynner and Sanders is at the laughingly low skill level of a junior high school play. The film is one big piece of eye candy but not much more.
critique9939 This one's a doozy. Dating from 1949 Scene of the Crime often plays more like a Coen Bros. movie set in the 1940's and filmed in black and white except that the writer's ear for pastiche here isn't quite so well-tuned -- maybe this can be seen instead as the forerunner to Oscar-baiting schlock like Road to Perdition. Frankly it's a wonder that this film isn't considered a classic by film professors and critics everywhere considering how much it offers in term of overly articulated mannerist thrills cloaked in false significance ( much like the grandaddy of all such "fake art" films Citizen Kane or anything by Murnau. ) <br /><br />MGM is usually a studio that can do no wrong in my eyes and I think any story any atmosphere even "gritty realism" can only benefit from grotesque overaestheticization. You could say I'm a disciple of the Minnelli school. But it takes a certain light touch to write mannered tough-guy dialogue of the Dashiell Hammett stripe a willingness perhaps to let maybe one or two scenes pass without a line like "Careful Mr. Wiggly or you'll have thirteen fish to fry and no little wormies to catch them with." I made most of that up -- "Mr. Wiggly" unfortunately made the cut -- but believe me the dialogue is just that loonily inflated and riddled with non sequiturs. Even the lead cop's wife played by Arlene Dahl speaks like she has a moon-shaped scar under one eye and the Christian name Rocco. By the time Van Johnson turns in his badge with the line "I'm sick to death of death and homicide" you'll wonder how the writer's fixation with ornate literary devices -- in this case zeugma -- could ever have been misconstrued as "street." <br /><br />For those who have outgrown The Naked Gun series this is the funniest cops-n-robbers film going.
critique9940 I finally got hold of a DVD copy of this production and was agog with curiosity since I had read so many people praising it to the skies particularly Angela Lansbury's portrayal of Mrs. Lovett. I saw the Tim Burton movie a few months ago and thought it over the top and overly bloody; thankfully this version is not so horrifying gory but it suffers dramatically in too many other ways for it to be in the least satisfying to me.<br /><br />To begin with the casting. George Hearn is adequate and at least shows some expression (as opposed to Johnny Depp's unending wooden face in the movie). Angela Lansbury is quite simply annoying. At least she has enough power in her voice to get the point across as opposed to Helena Bonham Carter's piping and expressionless little girl's voice but subtlety seems to be only a word in the dictionary to Ms. Lansbury. One cannot be drawn into the story when one of the main characters spends her entire time mugging and winking in a "look Ma I'm acting!" fashion and being far too aware of the audience. This is not something that is typical of stage productions heaven knows--I have been a regular attendee of many productions at the Stratford Festial for many years and stage actors do NOT behave in that fashion as a rule (at least those who want to continue to find regular employment do not!)...<br /><br />Betsy Joslyn. Oh dear oh dear oh dear. Did anybody besides me notice that she can't sing this role even vaguely appropriately? And her playing George Hearn's daughter is just creepy considering that she was married to him at the time. Isn't she supposed to be a sweet little sixteen-year-old? Yes I realize that this is what acting is all about but not once did she convince me that she was any younger than about thirty-five and the phrase "mutton dressed as lamb" seems to have been coined just for her. Her butchering of "Green Finch And Linnet Bird" had me gnashing my teeth and ready to turn off the DVD player at once. That song was done so well in Tim Burton's movie and this was a sad shock. The song requires the vocal range of Julie Andrews in the 1960's and a purity of voice that is only comparable to that of a boy soprano. Any vibrato at all kills it dead and Ms. Joslyn spent the entire time warbling so hard that I thought she was about to fall off of her ladder because she was trembling so much from the effort at sustaining coloratura notes with a voice that is a mezzo at best. Let us pass over the spectacle of her vibrating at least a quarter tone flat on at least three of the higher notes... This is quite simply not a coloratura role and perhaps a discerning director should have told her that--but the fact that she was married to the star might possibly have tied the director's hands.<br /><br />Cris Groenendaal was adequate but again obviously far too old for the role and there is zero chemistry between him and Ms. Joslyn which makes the whole subplot fall completely flat. I am reminded a little of past stage productions of Wagner's Ring cycle where due to the vocal power required for the singers to bellow over the sound of a full Wagnerian orchestra they would have to cast based upon ability to penetrate vocally as opposed to any appearance or acting ability or even a good voice which is why you have the caricature of the massive mountainous Viking-horned Brunehilde with a triple chin and a beard when the libretto calls for an ethereal beauty who is eternally young and bewitching. The casting of the "juvenile" leads is exactly like that--if you close your eyes you can almost believe in Mr. Groenendaal's Anthony but as soon as you look at the screen the illusion is shattered. (And at NO time can you ever believe in Ms. Joslyn's Johanna...) For me the rest of the production was completely lost because of three out of the four major characters were so obviously miscast. I cannot give a proper review of anything else because they were so distracting that they spoiled the rest of the production. I really can't understand why people rave about this badly-shot and self-conscious filming of a stage play. Surely there's more to camera work in the theatre than just plunking a camera down in the front row? If I want that I'll go to a decent play preferably at the Stratford Festival where at least they work together for the production and aren't constantly mugging for the camera. I give it three stars only because the quality of the production apart from the antics of Lansbury and Joslyn seems adequate if not spectacular.<br /><br />Probably the best thing one can do is buy the soundtrack of the film and a cast recording of this play and then combine the two to make a bearable whole. That's what I'm going to do and try to forget that I ever bothered to rent this wholly unremarkable production.
critique9941 I went in to see D-War on a whim and with very low expectations. The movie failed to meet them.<br /><br />I don't mind stories that stretch credulity - remember Reign of Fire? - but I do expect them to be internally consistent. This film leapt from howler to howler without pausing for breath all interspersed with special effects that lagged far behind the likes of LOTR or even Godzilla.<br /><br />A shape-shifting mystic warrior from Korea curiously metamorphosed into a Caucasian antique dealer and popping up like deus ex machina to get the hapless protagonists out of their latest mess. A special agent from the FBI who seems to be completely boned up on ancient Korean folklore because of the Fed's excellent "paranormal division" - which has gone unremarked up to this point. Lovers kissing on deserted beaches where one exclaims "I never meant for this to happen." A reincarnated pair of long dead Koreans who "died like star-crossed lovers." Mystic pendants faceless hordes of robotic soldiers (that owe a lot to Peter Jackson's orcs) and a serpent who wastes so much time roaring that every time its chosen prey is within reach something comes along to distract it.<br /><br />The dialogue is appalling the acting wooden and the effect of the whole was to be honest tedious. However for me the crowning moment was at the end after the finale when the music for the closing credits was - Arirang! This is rather like Akira Kurosawa closing "Ran" with a karaoke rendition of My Way - and let me be clear that I am in no way comparing director Shim to Kurosawa.<br /><br />In short a self indulgent lackluster collection of clichÃƒÂ©s and narrative non-sequituurs which may appeal to the sense of the melodramatic so prevalent in Koran popular culture but should not be worth the price of the ticket to any serious movie goer - or even a not so-serious movie goer. I would suggest that this bypass the movie theaters altogether and go straight to video but I'm not even sure that it's worth that much.
critique9942 How does a movie become a Biblical epic? Simply by quoting a couple of Scriptures & using some names out of the Bible for your characters? The only thing that was Biblical about this epic was the names of the characters. Oh I almost forgot the 3 kingdoms Israel Egypt & Sheba were also used. Where did King Vidor get the rest of his story from? It surely wasn't from the Bible. It was complete & utter nonsense. If you want to read about Solomon's reign as King in Israel then read 1 Kings 1-11 & 2 Chronicles 1-9. You will even come across Adonijah in 1 Kings 1 & 2. The Queen of Sheba (who doesn't show up until King Solomon has been king for about 20 years or so which by the way is long after Adonijah & Joab had been dead) can be found in 1 Kings 10 & 2 Chronicles 9. One of the first thing Solomon does is make an affinity with Pharoah by taking his daughter.<br /><br />Yes King Solomon did get involved with the worshipping of false gods & this is why the Kingdom was split after his death not the Temple being destroyed by lightning. Also I think Solomon was too busy marrying & providing temples to the false gods of his 700 wives & tending to his 300 concubines to be fighting Egypt let alone a dead brother.<br /><br />Like I said this movie was utter nonsense. If you aren't gonna use the story in the Bible then call it something else. This could've just as easily been called Romeo & Juliet or Sid & Nancy.<br /><br />
critique9943 This movie is pure guano. Mom always said if you can't say anything nice... but even Mom would say I had to do my part to warn others of this movie.<br /><br />I can guarantee this is the film that Geoffrey Rush wishes would just go away. I would hope that Greg Kinnear fired his agent..from a cannon for giving him the script. After this Ben Stiller is probably praying for someone to pitch "There's Still Something About Mary." I have always been a fan of Wes Studi's thank whatever you hold holy that he wore a mask through the film so maybe people won't identify the film with him.<br /><br />It starts of promisingly with a stylistic spoof of the cinematography of the Batman films and then just loses something...like a coherent plot and half decent effects.<br /><br />The jokes are telegraphed an hour before the punchline comes and even then they fall flat. If you want to see an effective spoof of the comic book world see "Chasing Amy".<br /><br />RUN! DON'T WALK AWAY FROM "MYSTERY MEN"!
critique9944 As far as HEIST movies go this one is pretty weak. Continuity is pretty lousy there isn't enough character continuity to really feel like you understand any of the characters. Peter Falk is great and he is one of the reasons its worth watching. Falk has some great lines like "he'll be right back he goin' buy to some saugages" or something like that... there are a few nice scenes although they are entirely due to the efforts of the actors. Direction script and editing is pretty lousy.
critique9945 Mt little sister and I are self-proclaimed horror movie buffs. We have seen just about EVERYTHING especially zombie flicks. Now we have seen a lot of good zombie movies and a lot of bad ones. This BY FAR is the WORST movie I have ever seen in my entire life. Not only was the acting horrible but the special effects graphics and ever "zombie" make-up was the worst I have seen. If you can even call it make-up ( black eye shadow around the eyes) This is totally proof that you should never judge a book by it's cover. Cause the cover to the movie is the only sweet thing about. do your selves a favor and DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was so adamant about this movie I went as far as putting a sticky note on the inside of the movie before i returned it to movie saying "This movie sucks don't waste your time return NOW" hahahhaa I don't want anyone else to waste a good movie night on this POS movie! i don't even know how it got the ratings that it did t should be in the negative
critique9946 Oh dear! The first time I heard of this bad show was when one of my friends was yelling like an idiot "JOHNY TEST" while we were playing video games. I thought he was confusing "Johny Quest" (by the way one of the best cartoons I've ever seen in my life" and changing the "Quest" with "Test". Its something weird that I'm wrong but actually I was wrong he wasn't changing nothing he heard of this show.<br /><br />One day while watching TV I heard that Cartoon Network was going to be released. I wasn't sure of what was the plot of this show so I adventured myself to watch it and here is my answer "I WANT MY DAMN HOUR BACK" (Because I watched this crap and "My Gym Partner's a Monkey".<br /><br />This is one of the worst shows I've ever seen. First the beginning with the most stupid song in the world then the plot. Oh where are my manners? I haven't said the plot of this show. Is about a boy who has to AMAZINGLY INTELLIGENT sisters that have a lab and make experiments with their own brother. OHHH now I see why his name is Johny TEST he is the test of his sisters experiments.<br /><br />You know I honestly miss Dexter's Lab (before it was transformed to the NEW Dexter a total crap too). This is a bad copy of that old good show except that this show is amazingly bad. Don't watch it make something more productive in that half-hour than watch this crap.
critique9947 Grey Matter AKA "The Brain Machine" but the video people thought better of that; the screen says 1972 but IMDb says 1977; it's that kind of movie. The government has some kind of overriding interest in this 'brain machine' project that has drafted four people - who turn out to be roughly a philosopher a horny priest a crackpot veteran and a patriot who got an abortion - to sit in a shrinking room with a computer that can read their horrendous secret thoughts. In the end the government takes over the lab by force and everybody dies. Here is a movie that is incompetent in every important way; MY s*** has better production values than this. It held my interest though just to see what exactly these exploitation filmmakers thought they were doing dabbling in four-guys-in-a-room character drama. The answer: a tract about how science is inferior to God. Thanks a lot. It's like opening a Kinder egg and getting your 30th goddam jigsaw puzzle. The priest is played by James "Roscoe P. Coltrane" Best the philosopher by Gerald "the Republican Simon" McRaney. Also featuring very very very long establishing and transition shots in great quantity this moves almost as slow as the Liberal convention.
critique9948 The Russian space station 'Avna' with a crew of four Russians and two Americans is threatening to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere in a matter of days. Russia asks for NASA's help in rescuing the stranded crew and NASA scrambles the space shuttle Atlantis. The NSA also have an interest in the 'Prometheus' a prototype microwave power source being tested aboard 'Avna' and organise for one of their men to be placed on the mission.<br /><br />That's the plot. Onto less important things. The space station and the shuttle are the same blatantly obvious models used in 'Fallout' 'Memorial Day' and 'Dark Breed' (and a handful of other films I suspect). The model effects are so obvious throughout the entire movie and make the film look very 1960s. The sets are a little better but are far too '80s for what is supposedly a brand new station built by an American company (which later comes in as part of a conspiracy to destroy 'Avna' and the 'Prometheus' and claim the insurance. The script has a few good moments (including Yuri's farewell and the little spiel at the end) but is otherwise fairly bland and sub-standard. The acting is okay; the only real standout performance comes from Alex Veadov who offers up some of the film's better dialogue. Michael Dudikoff is surprisingly one of the best parts about this film. Ice-T is Ice-T. 'Nuff said. The film offers a few surprises though that I don't wish to spoil.<br /><br />Certainly one of the better low-grade contemporary-set sci-fi films of the last six years but not the best. The film is watchable but the special effects and plot will probably put a lot of viewers off. Rent the other 'Stranded' sci-fi film instead.
critique9949 This is truly one of the worst movies ever made--and I don't mean in a so-bad-it's-good kind of way. Eddie Murphy is a great comic and it is a testament to how bad this movie is that it nearly killed his career. The writing and direction are inept the sets and staging about as imaginative as a Brady Bunch episode and the acting shows just how bad a great cast can be when they have absolutely nothing to work with. If it weren't for the costumes--which aside from Eddie Murphy's ego seem to account for the major part of the budget--you would swear this thing was slapped together by a bunch of high schoolers wasted on peppermint Schnapps. That anyone could find this travesty in any way funny or entertaining is mind-boggling. It's probably no coincidence that the misguided souls who are praising this stinker are barely literate. But if your idea of hilarity is Della Reese getting her "pinkie toe" shot off then by all means put aside your drool cup and go rent this movie.
critique9950 ... but the keyword here is "usually." I have been known to adore movies EVERYONE thinks are dumb. But in the world of B-rated movies THIS one is Z-rated. Absolutely ridiculous. The thing I respect about most of my favorite B-rated movies are that they don't take themselves too seriously. The makers of movies like that sort-of treat the movie lightly even if it's a heavy topic. I get the impression however that the producers of this movie took themselves way to seriously like they were putting together a 10-star classic complete with poor attempts at poignant lines and dumb camera shots. Nevertheless despite all this I STILL gave it 4 out of 10 stars as I am biased towards movies like this. If you're a B-rated fan however I would try too hard to find this one.
critique9951 Diane Lane Mickey Rourke Rosario Dawson & Thomas Jane.....Not a bad cast in my opinion however they were totally wasted in this movie.<br /><br />There was no real direction there were no unusual turns in fact the whole movie was very predictable from start to finish. Mickey Rourke had a really annoying sidekick who did nothing but irritate you from the start. Rosario Dawson was totally wasted and there was hardly any point in even having her character in the film.<br /><br />I really do believe this is one of those straight to DVD movies that everyone will forget about very quickly which is a shame as the movie could have been so much better.
critique9952 OK it was a "risky" move to rent this flick but I thought I had nothing to lose.Well I was wrong. This is next to "Bloodsurf" the worst "horrormovie" I have ever seen. Crappy actors crappy technical output crappy story and so on. The soundtrack though isn't to bad. That is why I give it a 2 on the vote and not just a 1. And of course the cats are a positive surprise. By far the superior actors in this movie..... Do not rent or buy it. Stay away from it and hope that this horrible horrible film will vanish to some obscure existence and not become a "cult classic". It most definitely do not deserve any recognition.
critique9953 Was this meant to be a comedy or a serious drama? This film starts with a light-hearted banter between three women. Fine. It moves into a conflict between the women when one of them meets a man. Fine. There are a few antics between them. Fine. But when the plot thickens and finally becomes black I started to wonder whether I had misinterpreted the first part of the movie. It continues in this vein for a while until in the end it tries to go back to the original light-hearted banter. But by now it's too late. It's hard to see why these women would still be talking to one another and the finale is unconvincing. Truly a lesson (for British filmmakers anyway) of how not to make films. Difficult to see how the producers ever convinced themselves this film would work. And the box office proved it to be a real flop because I'd never heard of this film until this weekend (four years after its release).
critique9954 This film is exactly what you get when you really over stretch your abilities it's like someone who has just passed there driving test and then pitting them in a formula 1 Grand Prix (not I might add the US Grand Prix as everyone might pull out due to dodgy tyres and you might just win) that is how far short this film falls. Now don't take this the wrong way I love B-Movies around half my collection is made of B-Movies but I don't think there are enough letters in the alphabet to describe how bad this film is.<br /><br />First of the story (for a B-Movie) isn't that bad it has potential there to make a B-Movie brand were not talking Friday 13th potential but potential none the less. But what really lets this film down is the acting at not one second do I believe anything it's like watching QVC except the presenters on QVC tend to have a heavier tan.<br /><br />In summary I'd like to say I've seen worse films but I can't.
critique9955 There's no use trying to describe in detail the convoluted overly melodramatic plot involving Civil War bitterness a crooked town boss and other complications. It's all bad.<br /><br />Stella Stevens Andrew Prine Bo Svenson William Smith Tim Thomerson and Lee Majors are all good actors that may not be big stars (or big stars anymore) but always made fun movies.<br /><br />Here they're all wasted on a picture that looks like it was shot in a wild west tourist trap with costumes borrowed from the local high school theater department. In fact most of the acting appears to be on the high school level too which might not be so bad if it weren't so pretentious.<br /><br />The name of Ed Wood is invoked way too lightly these days. I think in this case the comparison is warranted. However I suspect that old Ed would have made a more entertaining western than this.
critique9956 Barbara Streisand directs and stars in this very Jewish story.<br /><br />To have a chance at obtaining an education Babs enthusiastically disguises herself as a boy which isn't the most difficult thing to do since she already looks like a boy anyway. At her new school she meets many male classmates who have no trouble at all in believing she's a guy.<br /><br />Don't miss the best of many moments of unintentional humor when Babs' male friend thinks she's a man but pins 'him' to the ground sits on top of 'him' and looks affectionately into 'his' eyes.... *snicker*.<br /><br />Mediocre film; splashy story about nothing particularly interesting.
critique9957 One of the most common entries in the 'goofs' category is anachronism. Though I'm beginning to believe that anachronism and other goofs are more acceptable even ignored in very good films but are found front and center in rotten films. KISS THEM FOR ME is a rotten film and reeks of anachronism yet when watching it closely I found almost nothing specifically anachronistic.<br /><br />The shots of aircraft which bookend the film are certainly out of place. The big 4 engine transport seen after the title "Honolulu 1944" appears to be the post war C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). The combat planes seen taking off from the carrier at the end are Douglas Skyraiders which entered service after WW2 and were made famous by their service in Vietnam.<br /><br />But excepting these two pieces of film and of course the hairstyles everything else is very possibly period authentic. It just 'feels' so wrong. I'm an admirer of Stanley Donen we share the same birthday. In his co directed ON THE TOWN (1949) there is a car chase at the end with the police driving 1949/50 Ford's yet there isn't the slightest feeling that this is out of place in a WW2 period film. In fact as I reflected later there isn't anything which says that this is supposed to be a WW2 period film. It just feels that way. Based on a wartime Broadway musical which was based on a ballet (Fancy Free) which may have been based on the work of artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934) its a great film about sailors on a 24 hour pass in New York and so heavy with wartime associations its merely assumed it takes place during the war and yet these contemporary cars do nothing to break the spell.<br /><br />The first problem is old Cary Grant. Though far too old to represent a Navy SBD dive bomber pilot it is a Hollywood tradition for stars like Grant Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig) Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) to play younger. It was the role which he is miscast in not his age. He plays an operator as they used to call them. A guy who gets things done and breaks all the rules while doing it yet remains admired and loved for it. A hustler. A wheeler dealer. A de rigueur character in a service comedy. Grant is the comic center of what is after all supposed to be a service comedy which is contra to his comedy style.<br /><br />Thinking back on the great Grant comic performances like BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND OLD LACE (1944) and he is the great reactor whose comedy is to be reduced by his context from dignity to a befuddled puddle of inert jelly. IN KISS THEM he is expected to be the comic spark plug which just isn't him. People had already been exposed to the type most recently to comic Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on television. The role would be perfected later by James Garner but here Grant just isn't funny and appears to be a bully getting his way by aggressively pushing his Cary Grantness rather than cajoling and finessing.<br /><br />But the thing which really stinks the place up with anachronism is the lead women. There can be no more echt 50s women than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique to the decade. Marilyn Monroe can be placed in a continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and any number of dumb blonds and Grace Kelly was another high class dame (think of Mary Astor) but there never could have been an anatomically exaggerated woman in films like Mansfield. Sure there were the 'sweater girls' (e.g. Lana Turner) of WW2 but Mansfield was stretching the point. Suzy Parker was THE model who revolutionized the model business who changed the mannequin like poses to become the first natural girl who moved and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) also by Stanley Donen).<br /><br />Of course in high 50s style there seems to be a lot of gender mixing at 'wild' parties but never even a hint of sex (think of the 50s TV shows Bachelor Father or The Bob Cummings Show where dinner jacketed men returned from 'dates' alone). The original book which I haven't read was published during the war and appeared as a play on Broadway at the end of the war and the nuances of the situation must have been inescapable for contemporary readers and audiences but broken down bowdlerized and reconstituted a dozen years later and fatally miscast it remains a once forgotten stain on otherwise exemplary careers until the invention of the VCR and cable television resurrected this petrified turkey.<br /><br />So the lesson here is whatever the 'goof' it will be ignored in a great film like CITIZEN KANE (who actually hears Charles Foster Kane say 'Rosebud'?) and tolerated in fun dreck like WESTWORLD ( why were the robots given live ammunition in the first place?) but absolutely despised in a rotten film even if the goofs are really non existent.
critique9958 Why is this film so bad? Well if being so stupidly annoying and unfunny is a reason then this film is it. The character of Corky Romano is unlikable at best and downright infuriating at worst. The gags are predictable but that isn't what makes it bad. They are the lame sort of predictable jokes that your unfunny friend would say.<br /><br />Corky Romano is about a mild mannered vet that tries to do right but is so clumsy. His quiet life is thrown for a loop when the family that once spurned him now needs him to infiltrate the FBI to destroy any trace of the family's crime history. However it isn't that easy for Corky because the FBI believes him to be a super agent and pegs him with the duty of spying on his very own family. Mishaps and mayhem ensue but it really doesn't feel like any comic hijixn are there. Corky ends up in love with his beautiful FBI partner and has to set the record straight with both the FBI and his family if he is to settle down to the quiet life again.<br /><br />I think what makes this film irritating is both the lead actor and the supposed jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his alarming limitations as and actor here as his one note slapstick routine falls flat about 10 minutes into the film. It is okay to have a full movie based solely off of dumb slap stick humor. Will Ferrel Kattan's SNL partner seems to have made a full career out of it. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to tone it down and rely on other ways of telling a joke. There is absolutely no diversity in Kattan's routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice but for a whole movie that is just pure torture.<br /><br />The other problem with the movie was the lack of truly original and FUNNY jokes. The gay mafia brother the awkward guy sch-tick and plenty of other forgettable jokes appear none as funny as the first time you barely laughed at it. It seems as if the screenwriters had more of a fun time writing this than any one had watching it. Even with a cast that has some comedic talent (Chris Penn Peter Falk) the jokes that commence are tired. There is no chemistry too. This film was obviously one for the pocketbooks for the actors. No body seemed to care about it or even try. Sad thing is no body told Chris Kattan that.
critique9959 I am the sort of person who never ever watches animated movies but I make an exception for Thumbelina and the Swan Princess. Being absolutely in love with the first installment of the series I bought this and sat down to watch it with a very biased mind determined to love it because I'd spent money buying it. I finished the movie and all I can think is THE HORROR!!! I wanted to like it I really did. I tried very VERY hard to like it. But I couldn't enjoy a second of this grueling film. The songs made me feel like ripping my ears out of my head. The dialogue was so lame I felt myself twitching with frustration and irritation every time someone opened his or her mouth. The villain was laughable and I felt myself wanting Derek and Odette to die in the end... and I was absolutely in love with them from the first film.<br /><br />I am going to try repress the memory of this movie because it almost destroyed the first one for me. There is one song in the movie in which there are a series of flashbacks to the first film. The difference in animation between the two is made very obvious and I began yearning for the first one and wishing I'd never set eyes on the third.<br /><br />Do yourself and favor and don't waste your time.
critique9960 Just the fact that the cover is a drawing like those old B-movies should give you a warning about the quality of this movie. This is however not a B-movie. It is a D-movie! <br /><br />There are no known actors and the animals - WOW - it is the worst data-animation ever made during the last two decades. <br /><br />You hardly ever see the SCAAARY sabretooth shown on the front cover. You just hear people scream bleed and die and you occasionally see a teeth or a tiger-paw. It's so amateur! Maybee worth seeing just because it's so bad. Give it to a friend and say: "This is the best movie I have ever seen and wait for their reaction" He he. <br /><br />The movie is to weak to give it a Spoiler Alert! THIS IS A SPOILER.
critique9961 Hannibal must be the most God-awful movie I have seen in a long time. In fact I want my money back. What a waste of time. No plot minimal character development questionable motives poor dialogue sub-standard acting. What else can I say? If you haven't seen it don't bother. I wouldn't even hire out the video and if you happen to come by it on TV... change the channel. The only reason anyone might have to see this movie would be to see whether the gratuitous violence lived up to all the hype (which quite frankly is why they added it). If you want to see some gug eating his own brain then fast forward to that bit.<br /><br />What was the purpose of this movie? Its like someone just asked 'I wonder what Hannibal is up to these days' and we just went along for the ride. He is free in the beginning and he's free at the end. In between is a lot of self-indulgence on the part of Anthony Hopkins and the film makers. Julianne Moore tries valiantly to inject some life into her Clarice but they gave her a sub-standard script and as far as I'm concerned she was set up to fail.<br /><br />In my opinion this is just a very very bad story in every sense of the word. The only reason it made so much money was because of the senseless violence they added which at the end of the day leaves you more with a feeling of contempt than the horror you are supposed to feel.<br /><br />I give it a big fat RASPBERRY!
critique9962 This was a terrible film. There was no story line whatsoever. To top it all off when they couldn't explain the blood and gore (the only good part) ... they threw in a few aliens! I hate when directors (or whatever) run out of ideas and then blame the aliens! Watch this film if you like. But don't say I didn't warn you. Two things: How could Vinny say "welcome" when he didn't have a tongue? Its a pity Mr Jones didn't have a bigger role. Second thing that bugged me why were we shown Vinny Jones' boils and him cutting them off and putting them into blue liquid then these have no further role. Why not? I don't like to be shown something and that has nothing to do with the story line whatsoever. In short. Bad story. I wouldn't waste my time - wish I'd have watched Mirrors instead.
critique9963 This has got to be the worst show I have ever seen. I always liked Chuck Norris in Films but why do we need to make these shows politically correct by adding a black side kick who is as threatening as Shirley Temple in Little Miss Marker. I also thought the show was limited because how many times can you kick a guy in the face and make it interesting. I know an African American who looks like this Trivette guy and he gets his butt kicked about once a week he is all attitude.<br /><br />Chuck Norris is the man and he deserves all the kudos he gets I think this show started great but lost steam as time went on<br /><br />They should have dumped Chucks side kick
critique9964 Of all the kids movies I have seen over the years this was probably the worst. I took four kids aged from 7 to 11 and none of them liked it.<br /><br />The script seemed to be based on a Willy Wonka style story but it just didn't have anything to it.<br /><br />If you are considering seeing this movie dont waste your time it is bad.<br /><br />They are making a sequel so it may be worth watching to see if they can even make a worse movie but I don't think it is possible.
critique9965 Mean spirited and down right degrading adaptation to the classic children's tale not only lacks the charm of its forefather but lacks any talent what so ever. Mike Myers should not only be ashamed of himself for his horrible performance that is a clear rip off of what Jim Carrey did but he should give up acting all together. He is so annoying that you would want to beat the crap out of him if you were able to jump right in the film. The sets are ugly and the cinematography is very poor. I have seen a lot of bad film this year but this not only takes the cake but it is with out a doubt one the worse films ever made.
critique9966 This critique tells the story of 4 little friends who went to watch Angels and Demons the movie on the first night it came out even though it was a school night because "Angels and Demons is worth it." Two of the four had read the book. Of those that didn't a guy was wearing pink skinny jeans. This was the least eventful part of the evening after watching the abhorrent Angels and Demons.<br /><br />The movie starts out in a lab where the antimatter is being created while another process is going on. And apparently someone knows about it or something. Notice how very confused I am.. I don't get what happened: they were just making the antimatter. Vittoria finds her own father dead... WHAT? The Illuminati symbol sent to Langdon is a PRINTOUT not a burn on someone's chest. They take out the X-33 scene. They take out Maxmillian Kohler. They pretty much take out CERN and the symbology connected to it. They take out the Hassasin and replace him with some religious British dude. They take out the Illuminati Diamond. They take out Vittoria's near-rape scene. They take out Langond's fight with the Hassasin (now British dude on crack). They take out the press dude following them around. They take out the death of the fourth cardinal. They take out the fact that the Camerlengo becomes pope. They take out the Camerlengo's grand scheme. They take out Langdon's being in the helicopter and landing on that island toward the end. They take out the fact that Vittoria's father was a scientific priest. They take out Langdon's fun and most unfortunately they take out Vittoria's sexual appeal.<br /><br />Other than the movie COMPLETELY losing focus of the details the movie is acted HORRIBLY. One must admit though there were some good things. For example the Sistine Chapel recreation must have been extremely difficult and it was extremely well done. The explosion scene was MIND-BLOWING. Other than that SCREW THIS MOVIE FOR RUINING THE BOOK FOR THE PEOPLE WHO DIDN'T READ IT.
critique9967 I was very excited when this series premiered in 2005. The premise was very simple and appealing: each episode would be a one-hour mini movie directed by a famous noteworthy horror director. Then when I finally watched them it was a bit of a letdown. Some good episodes emerged from that first season but all in all it was a mixed bag. I attributed it to the learning curve and figured that season 2 would be a whole lot better.<br /><br />Boy was I in for a shock. At least season one had a few good stories here and there. Season 2 (with the exception of "The Black Cat" starring the excellent Jeffrey Combs) was a complete and total loss to me. The episode "Sounds Like" may very well be the worst thing I have watched on TV in the last 10 years and most of the other episodes aren't much better. I really hope that season 3 turns this around next year but I'm not holding my breath.
critique9968 Most of Wayne's B westerns are kind of fun in a naive way but this one really stinks. The editing is terrible and the direction and pacing is completely lethargic. Most of the cast stands around waiting for the mute guy to write down his thoughts on a pad of paper and I was bored. Sorry Duke but this gets a 1.
critique9969 This weird movie from Texas is about Fallon a dilettante rich boy in the late 1800s (although he looks like a 60s C&W singer with greasy hair and sideburns) whose ship wrecks on an island owned by Count DeSade (pronounced de-sayd) with his captain. The count is afraid of pirates and tortures a young girl who was once a pirate hostage and also tortures the captain. Meanwhile creepy former nurse Cassandra tells Fallon the secrets of the castle. The Countess has leprosy and went mad! Fallon is trapped but brings supplies. The captain is killed by a racist-caricature slave. Fallon is thrown in the dungeon with the leper who always thinks it's her wedding day. The leper bride is horny bu Cassandra kills her. Fallon and Cassandra escape the castle but the Count and his slave chase them with dogs. DeSade kills the slave and Fallon kills DeSade. Fallon and Cassandra fall in love over the course of the next year but when the supply ship comes the crew refuses to take our lovers because they're both lepers now. They live for years in the castle...Fallon's hair turns gray and Cassandra goes bonkers. Fallon puts her in the dungeon. Our tale of love and leprosy ends.<br /><br />So bizarre it's watchable and you can smell the drive-in popcorn.
critique9970 I had the displeasure of watching this movie with my girlfriend who like me is a fan of the first. This movie down right sucked! It lacked the magic of the first. You could actually understand every word the mice said the animation is crappy the palace is much much different from the first movie there's new characters that were never mentioned before and were terrible luckily the Prince didn't have many lines which kept him from sounding stupid. Basically its like The Lion King 1 1/2 except its different stories all told by the mice. The reason I'm giving this a 2 out of 10 is because the songs not sung by the characters were the most enjoyable.
critique9971 This film was the most longest film and the record breaking film for sure It had 30 actors After JAANI DUSHMAN(2002) i guess no one had the guts to do something like that<br /><br />The film as the title suggests is based on the Kargil war but the problem is there are too many characters and the romantic subplots and the songs of many characters are boring<br /><br />Even there are too many cinematic liberties like killing people with knifes wonder which soldier does that?<br /><br />Direction by JP Dutta pales front of BORDER Music is okay<br /><br />Amongst the huge cast Ajay Devgan stands tall Saif is very good in his part and also it's his first film with kareena Abhishek is likable Manoj Bajpai has his moments Sanju is wasted Suneil is okay Akshaye Khanna does his part well rest are passable Rani is good Esha is okay rest are passable
critique9972 Revenge is one of my favorite themes in film. Moreso "the futility of revenge" is one of my favorite themes in film. Having seen Gaspar Noe's Irreversible (2002) I was expecting an even more relevant expression of this theme. Instead this film is a weak half-hearted attempt which expressed nothing but the film's lack of conviction and focus.<br /><br />*SPOILERS* The end scene a gratuitous male-on-male rape/torture scene came across as nothing less than a female revenge rape fantasy. However the film doesn't even follow through with this. Instead the drawn out scene (which FAR exceeds the brutality of the initial rape both in the degree to which it was graphic and to which it was ritualized) is crowned with a shot of Dawson's face in an expression of either regret or "This didn't fix anything" while the rape of her rapist is heard continuing in the background.<br /><br />My problem with the scene wasn't one of shock but one of confusion as to what such a graphic scene was trying to get across to the audience. I mean do we feel bad for the rapist? Do we rejoice in Dawson's revenge? Are we disgusted by the brutality of it all? Do we feel Dawson's moment of regretful clarity? Aside from this failing the film is really sort of awkwardly paced with more style than substance. Character's are thin dialog is monotonous etc.<br /><br />Normally I try to take films on their own terms but Descent didn't really seem to know what those were. Thumbs down.
critique9973 I just purchased this movie because I love to donate to Operation Smile the charity on which the movie was based...but I found the writing of the movie to be very strange. It t does not really focus so much on Operation Smile or similar organizations like The Smile Train and their Herculean efforts to relieve the suffering of children born with facial deformities in third world countries. No it concentrates on an American teenage volunteer Katie whose "over-privileged" life in Malibu California includes a mother who brings her to a doctor so that she'll have birth control pills in her before she sleeps with her boyfriend. What is this birth control nonsense supposed to do titillate the audience? It's 2005. I'd be more surprised if in 2005 a Malibu teen wasn't on birth control and even if she is so what and who cares? Contrasting Katie is the character of Lin in China a girl with a facial deformity who missed last year's chance to get an operation and this year does not want to have one. Neither character is written in such a way that the audience can really identify with let alone understand the motivations of either girl. On the other hand the actors do an adequate job of trying to play the bad hand they were dealt by whoever wrote this ridiculous script. The best performance was by the gentleman playing Lin's father although much of his dialogue is in Chinese and subtitled. Operation Smile deserved to be honored by a much better movie than this!
critique9974 Maybe the subject was good but put down to a script it fails in pace. Maybe the author was trying to obtain something slow-paced like Alien but instead of being haunting this movie turned out just boring. Technically good anyway a pity for the lack of tension.
critique9975 Saw the film at it's Lawrence Kansas premiere. This wavering story about a group of disgruntled highschoolers killing off the competition for prom queen was just awful. It fails for many reasons - bad acting bad script no clear point. But mainly it just felt like the filmmakers said to themselves - "Hey I have some money so let's make a movie!" - without really thinking it out. Sorrowfully most indie films that don't make it suffer from just that mentality. They just don't seem to realize that it takes more than money to make a good movie... or in this case even a watchable one. With this film I do not feel ashamed to say that if I didn't know some of the crew I would have walked out. Simple as that.
critique9976 This had a great cast with big-name stars like Tyrone Power Henry Fonda Randolph Scott Nancy Kelly Henry Hull and Brian Donlevey and a bunch more lesser-but-known names with shorter roles. It also had Technicolor one of the few movies made with it in 1939.<br /><br />Now the bad news.......regrettably I can't say much positive for the story. It portrayed the James boys in a totally positive light....and Hollywood has done that ever since. Why these criminals are always shown to be the "good guys" is beyond me. This film glamorizes them and made their enemies - the railroad people - into vicious human beings. The latter was exaggerated so much it was preposterous. Well that's the film world for you: evil is good; good is bad.<br /><br />Hey Hollywood: here's a news flash - The James boys were criminals! Really - look it up!
critique9977 Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die is directed by Bradford May the same guy who made the first Darkman sequel too. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2 and is nothing special in my opinion. Larry Drake is no more as a main villain who is now played by great Jeff Fahey whose character once again wants to get Darkman's work and create this time some ultra strong humans in order to get the leadership of the whole city. The film is pretty much the same in plot and execution as Darkman 2 but I was mostly irritated by the presence of many scenes from Darkman 2. These sequels were made in short time and with little money so these kind of decisions had to be made. Couple of scenes are pretty stylish and exiting but still this is pretty tired film and often irritatingly stupid too. The characters scream and laugh too much and it is very annoying. There is no any philosophical depth in the film and this is like a remake of Darkman 2 which it still cannot equal. Darkman 2 had many great scenes and stylish camera work and Larry Drake's ability to play great villain. Darkman 3 offers only some nice scenes and moments but mostly this film is tired and full of cliches. The few positive things in this movie are flashback edits (Westlake's nightmares) and couple of truly surprising plot turns and tricks. And worth mentioning is also pretty nasty death scene of the main villain which was pretty comic book like and inventive without any gore. Far more interesting than the death of main villain in part two. <br /><br />Darkman 3 is worst in the whole series and we must remember that these two sequels were made directly to video and they don't come even close to Raimi's original Darkman with Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 was okay actioner with plenty of great scenes and suspense but this last (?) entry is tired and often stupid and boring piece of sequel. It has some merits as mentioned but overall feeling is that this should not been made in the first place. May is talented director so hopefully he can get some more noteworthy projects in the future.<br /><br />3/10
critique9978 Plot Synopsis: Hong Kong 1966. Paul Wagner the man who built the Victoria Tunnel is murdered along with his wife by his associates. His twin sons Chad & Alex are split apart. 25 years later Chad a karate instructor in Los Angeles & Alex a smuggler living in Hong Kong join forces to avenge their parents' murder & rightfully claim the tunnel.<br /><br />This is the second time that Jean-Claude Van Damme & Sheldon Lettich have worked together having previously done "Lionheart". This is also the first of three films to feature Van Damme playing dual roles ("Maximum Risk" & "Replicant" are the others). The plot is a very simplistic take on the revenge story the film's sole redeeming feature being Van Damme's performance as two very different people Ã‚Â– the prissy rich kid & the rough-&-tumble cigar chomping tough guy. As it goes Van Damme doesn't do a very good job in either role although his take on Alex is mildly amusing. It is puzzling as to have the brothers mistaken for each other with them wearing different clothes & having different hairstyles. Bolo Yeung makes a very worthy henchman for the baddies.
critique9979 I saw recently saw this at the 2007 Palm Springs International film Festival and I can't believe that this is Sweden's official submission to the 79th Academy Awards to be considered for best foreign film. Producer Anna Anthony last year also had Sweden's official submission for best foreign film with Zozo. I wasn't personally a fan of Zozo but at least it had some production value to it. This could have been shot as a high school film project. As a short film it may have worked but as a feature film it is as lost as it's characters. This is a story about five twenty something friends who live in a small Swedish town and have no goals or hopes or ambitions for the future and like to live in the past of their long gone childhood. Actually Falkenberg isn't like some remote northern Swedish village. It's a popular summer resort with a population of city and townships of almost 40000 and lies between two major southern coastal Swedish cities of GÃƒÂ¶tborg and Malmo. The characters are likable enough guys but if they were high school age kids with a bleak or confused attitude about what they plan to do with their lives I would undoubtedly care about them more. They are however long past the point where they should be making plans to deal with adulthood. If they want to stay in Falkenberg forever than certainly there must be some jobs in the tourist or fishing industry instead of just riding bicycles drinking smoking pot and occasionally painting a house. Maybe if they hung around with a girl or two in their circle of friends of which girls are absent from this film altogether which doesn't make sense. Jesper Ganslandt makes his directorial debut and co wrote the film along with the cinematographer of which I use the term loosely Fredrik Wenzel. the acting isn't too bad. I would give this a 4.5 out of 10 but despite it's submission for consideration for the Academy Awards I would not recommend it.
critique9980 I discovered "The Patriot" in a DVD-store and thought it could be a real action thriller. No itÃ‚Â´s instead a low budget movie with a ridiculous story. ItÃ‚Â´s no doubt a cable-movie and not one for the theatre. Fortunately after 90 minutes the movie stops otherwise the audience should have taken an anti-virus against sleep. One thing came over: it was the nice country the film has been shot. You can really feel the American air but thatÃ‚Â´s all. I hope for Steven Seagal that he finally succeeds in a big hit. It is not a must see because I and my wife voted average 4/10.
critique9981 The wife of a stage producer in London hopes to fix up the American song-and-dance man starring in her husband's latest show with an acquaintance an American girl who makes her living modeling fashions in society circles. Unfortunately the couple has already met on their own with the girl thinking the guy is actually the show producer married to her friend (the fact he's not wearing a wedding ring should have discouraged any misunderstandings!). Wafty Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers musical is eventually dragged back down to the earth by Dwight Taylor and Allan Scott's idiotic script which is full of juvenile behavior. Astaire and Rogers don't just 'meet cute'--they meet ridiculously (he's tap-dancing like a madman in the hotel suite above hers and she complains). Audiences of 1935 probably didn't care how these two were going to get together--as long as they did so and happily. Seen today the central characters appear to have no motivation to end up in each other's arms: he plies her with flowers (after telling his friend he wants to remain "fancy free" in the love department) and she gives him the brush-off. Nothing that a little dancing couldn't cure! This glamorous twosome are as deliberately unreal as are the London and Venice settings but we watch simply because the leads are Fred and Ginger. It's a fantasy for have-nots...ones who don't mind the dumbed-down plot. The musical moments do break up the monotony of the contrived scenario yet fail to transcend the surrounding silliness. ** from ****
critique9982 Because they all just watch there MST3K with their artificial friends who make (mostly) not that funny and obvious comments about movies. And that's the only way these people watch them and then they comment and down-vote them on the IMDb based just on that they don't even try to watch the film on it's own.<br /><br />I watched this film on it's own I didn't read the reviews first I didn't have some people telling what to laugh at I just got the DVD (bought for the flip side Morons From Outer Space an old fave) and watched it.<br /><br />Of cause I knew kind of what I was in for when it's a Golan Globus Albert Pyun film but usually they can be quite entertaining.<br /><br />The film is a non too stressing on the brain Alice down the Rabbit-hole story done so many times and kind of similar in basic structure (but completely different in content) to Warlords of Atlantis another entertaining B-Movie.<br /><br />The voice was annoying but then that's the idea which they even poke at with a few lines in the movie.<br /><br />The hero character had one of the worst over-the top voices/accents in English language film history but you grow to accept it and enjoy it.<br /><br />It's not a good film but it's not a really bad film it's just a bit of an average B-Movie DTV kind of film nothing too new nothing too outstanding and probably would be enjoyed more by a younger age bracket (say 7-14 year olds) than I. It's a bit of light-hearted Fantasy.<br /><br />Will I see it again probably not maybe about 10 years ago I would have.<br /><br />Don't be so harsh on a movie because a couple of puppets told you too this film isn't taking itself seriously and it's certainly no Troll 2 or Space Mutiny.
critique9983 That is the answer. The question is: What is the single reason to watch this movie? I loved her in "My Name Is Julia Ross." That is one of the best films noir of all time. Noir or whatever one may call it it's a very unsettling movie.<br /><br />She is fun in one of the worst major studio releases of all time too. That would be "The Guilt Of Janet Ames." This one has a spooky promising title. It has a good cast. It has a fine director. I was expecting something dark. Maybe something a little tawdry. Instead it's an uninspired routine espionage movie. It's pretty much is a total bore. At least it was to me. Ms. Foch is captivating. And that is about it.
critique9984 A killer wearing a plastic white mask and black overcoat is killing the friends of Hollywood producer Shawn Banning(Danny Wolske)who inherited his position when someone sliced open his former employer from crotch to chest. Perhaps the psychopath is newly hired Maddy(Dabbie Rochon) an attractive raven haired beauty with a troubled family past plagued with nightmares. Shawn and his friends play a practical joke on Maddy concerning a supposed Murder Club they started where each member randomly selected a victim to kill. When Maddy accidentally murders a woman in a parking garage because of a dent put into her car by this person she finds that Shawn's pals were jerking her chain. But Shawn and his comrades are concerned about Maddy's admittance towards committing the murder and contemplate turning her into the proper authorities. Deciding to wait on a definite decision each member fall prey to the white-masked psycho with Maddy a suspect considering the fact that she already has killed before. Or is someone else behind these murders? Low budget slasher executive produced by Charles Band with gore murders that fail to convince. Plenty of tits on display and Allen Nabors goofy character Chris might entertain those with low expectations. The murders include a stomach being opened with intestines showing a neck sliced an electrical cord thrown into a pool frying a female victim who had all day to escape an ax buried into the back of a male victim and to top it all a couple are strangled by a rope during their sexual climax(..for added effect the killer uses the breaker bar of a socket wrench as extra leverage to twist the rope as tight as possible snapping their necks). There are enough plot holes to drive a truck through such as why Maddy has nightmares of murders she didn't commit how she could murder someone so violently(..with blood all over her)winding up waking in her bed without leaving something at the scene of the crime that would easily implicate her and how Shawn could go so long allowing her to continue working at the company despite what she told regarding the murder she committed and a continual desire to join the supposed club that doesn't exist.<br /><br />What bothered me the most was the film's desire for having us somehow sympathizing with this female protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone later proclaiming it to be an accident. The film builds Maddy as the potential psycho throughout because of her past. Her family disowned her for an abortion. She has black-outs and always appropriately winds up at the scenes of crimes after the fact. In a lot of slashers the one who seems the most likely killer is often the red herring but this film goes out of it's way to point the finger at Maddy. When the twist occurs we're left rooting for Maddy yet we know she's not right in the head. It's a tough sell caring for this chick. She does look great in a man's Army shirt though. And Rochon isn't afraid to let her puppies breathe either. Low budget horror fans will get a kick out of seeing cult favorite Brinke Stevens as a religious fanatical mother who preaches against what Maddy did calling her a murderer as beloved Troma producer Lloyd Kaufman is the aloof father who can not get in a word edge-wise to protect the daughter he truly cares about. Cult siren Julie Strain has a minor cameo showing her tits(of course)as the opening murdered male's girlfriend getting her head crushed by a hammer. Oh and check out the office for which Shawn works you'll see a lot of Full Moon posters and art-work spread throughout the walls.
critique9985 Needless remake and it can't come close to capturing the charm of the original. The extreme length causes more than a few yawn inducing parts. This version is ridiculously politically correct. The film lacks style and mostly it lacks talent not just with the acting but the direction sets costumes etc. are all below par. It has a blatant disregard for period detail. Vanessa Williams is the only cast member that shows any flair Tyne Daly isn't too bad. They should have left well enough alone. The singing ranges good (Vanessa Williams) to poor (everyone else). Watch the original 1963 version and skip this one. There is not much here to recommend.
critique9986 The Wicker Man Has Done The Impossible! It replaced Cat Woman as the worst recent movie in my steel trap cinema mind. YES it's really that bad. So bad that when sitting down to write this review I thought to myself "If I had a choice to either see this movie again or to have red hot needles shoved in my eyes" I might actually go for the red hot needles.<br /><br />Neil LaBute created a rare movie where Joel Schumacher could sit back and say with comfort and a guilt free mind "Yeah that's some bad direction right there".<br /><br />I think the first clue for myself should have been the tag line: "Some Sacrifices Must Be Made". Sure it might sound sort of cheeky ominous line to intrigue you but the sacrifice will be all on the audience side of the screen. Trust me on this the people responsible for this movie should be charged with a hate crime..or at least fraud for trying to pass this off as anything resembling entertainment. Seriously! The movie is about an island where men are just there for breeding and I would still rather with be stuck on Gilligans Island with only pictures of Condoleezza Rice then find myself stranded there.<br /><br />The most entertaining part about this movie was the guy who ripped the loudest fart I've ever heard in a movie theater. That's not a joke nor is it fictional. I've never been to a "thriller" and heard so much laughter through out the entire film. I can't tell you with an certainty if the laughs were intentional in some effort to lighten the cinematic tension or if they just really thought this crud would actual fly. I honestly found myself routing for a power outage or a perhaps a fight to break out in the movie theater anything to make this more interesting which is pretty sad since Deez Powder and I pounded 2 beers each before the film just for a little mental anesthesia (soon to be a law before all Nic Cage films write to your congressman today don't delay). At one point I actually thought perhaps this movie is really a spoof and Anna Ferris is going to show upÃ‚Â…oh how I wish.<br /><br />Nic Cage throws out so much ham per frame I'm thinking of having a cholesterol test done today. To think that I ever thought Sean Penn was a d*ck for slamming Nic's acting oh he's still a d*ck just lesser of oneÃ‚Â…yes Sean Penn's d*ck was lessened because of this film. Do us all a favor Nic play your strengths and stick to being pathetic losers and drunks. You cannot play superman you do not get to play strong hunky roles go straight to jail do not pass go do not collect 200 dollars. His best moments in this film are when he finally comes unhinged and actually punches out a burly woman to steal her bear suit (like the fart not a joke or a functional moment during this review) then proceeds to run amok like Conan O'Brian's masturbating bear but with half the hilarity of a bear knocking his junk around. Thankfully he meets his end shortly after when it turns out he's to be a sacrifice to the crowd at the new tour hybrid show of Burning Man and Lilith Fair. Yes!!!! I just spoiled the ending for youÃ‚Â…and if you knew any better you'd build statues of me in worship and sing songs of my legend. I sat through this crap-fest so you don't have to.<br /><br />About half way through this little misadventure I kept thinking to myself Jack Bauer would have wrapped this case up in 20 minutes of real time..OK 35 minutes if Kim gets attacked by a mountain lion first. Even Steve Martin as Inspector Clouseau could have figured this out in under an hourÃ‚Â…and you Sir are no Inspector Clouseau.<br /><br />If for some reason you are taken captive and you have a choice to see this film or take a bullet take the bullet.<br /><br />Somewhere Uwe Boll is laughing at us all.
critique9987 ItÃ‚Â´s all my fault. They all told me I should avoid seeing this movie because IÃ‚Â´m a huge fan of the old TV-series. They were right. While production values are good and the actors themselves (including "donÃ‚Â´t look now") Julie Christie arenÃ‚Â´t that bad the whole film displays a cheekiness and self-conciousness that clearly is without any justification. A comparison between the Karloff "Mummy" and "The Mummy Returns 2000" comes to my mind. In fact Belphegore 2000 owes much more to the new Mummy films than to the old series. But then scripting is terrible speed there is none and sometimes the film is full of unintentional jokes (The first scene in the tomb looks plain stupid) with cats clearly being thrown when theyÃ‚Â´re supposed to jump (landing with their backfeet first). Belphegore moves around like a statue on wheels neither impressive nor scary and the psychological drama that unfolded in the old tv series when the heroine had to learn that sheÃ‚Â´s a villain is completely neglected. This movie is so WASTED (wasted money wasted actors wasted blueprint) that it hurts. ItÃ‚Â´s a below-par Mummy-rip off thatÃ‚Â´s only good for some laughs but has nothing at all to do with the Greco classic (She has a small role in this movie too - on the graveyard).
critique9988 There's a group of Fox TV executives sitting around a boardroom table wondering what new show to commission. <br /><br />'How about aiming for something like 24 or The West Wing?' says one of them but they all agree it would be too expensive and cheap TV is less likely to harm the station if it flops. <br /><br />'Well how about getting together some great comedy writers and doing a quality sitcom?' offers another and is fired on the spot. 'Don't you know good writers cost lots of money!' the big chief barks. 'That's why we invented reality TV.'<br /><br />'We could do yet another crime drama...' suggests a man in a bland suit. 'I'm listening...' the boss replies suddenly interested. 'People like CSI so let's do another copy of that' Blandman adds.<br /><br />'But there are already far too many CSI clones out there what can we do to make ours stand out?' a naive junior enquires and is sacked instantly. 'Stand out! If we do that people may be confused! Let's give them more of what they already like!' the big chief screams. <br /><br />'Let's just add more violence and make it really grisly we are Fox after all' another suit suggests to a hearty reply of 'now you're getting it' from the big chief. 'We could make them the Deviant Crimes Unit' he goes on to add clearly on a roll. <br /><br />'By Jove he's got it!' the big chief laughs 'and the victims could be beautiful and vulnerable women who wear very little on screen.' 'Well that would certainly distract people from the average acting and poor scripts' Blandman points out. <br /><br />'Then it's settled we just need a name' the big chief announces. 'We could call it Sex Cops Violence?' <br /><br />'Too literal how about Killer InstinctÃ‚Â…it conveys violence but sounds a bit like Basic Instinct which had lots of sex.' <br /><br />'Puuurfect' the big chief replies and then they all slap each other on the back and go and cancel Arrested Development.
critique9989 I didn't think this was as absolutely horrible as some people apparently do. It passes as one of those cheesy horror movies you might waste time with in the middle of the night when you can't sleep although admittedly it's no better quality than that. It's true that the acting isn't great - I thought Marianne McAndrew as Cathy Beck for example came across as completely passionless - but the main problem is that several aspects of the plot didn't really make sense to me. The Becks are on a trip described by John (Stewart Moss) as part work and partly the honeymoon they never had (now that's romantic!) The work part has something to do with touring caves which in itself sounds strange (how does being part of a tour group through a cave relate to anyone's work?) but it gets stranger when we find out that he's a doctor doing research in the area of preventative medicine (huh? That connection completely lost me.) Bitten by a bat while he's in the cave he begins to transform into what I guess was supposed to be a human-bat hybrid (although when we finally see him in makeup he looks a lot more like an ape-man of some sort) and a killing spree starts. Here's another problem. The first killing is a nurse in a hospital. At first everyone thinks her death was an accident. The second murder is of a young girl who is described as having her throat ripped out. The sheriff (Michael Pataki) then tells us that her death was similar to the nurse's (meaning throat ripped out? - How could anyone think that was an accident?) And what's with the sheriff? He seems pretty no-nonsense until the scene in Cathy's hotel room when he takes a swig of liquor and then almost rapes her after which everything seems to go back to normal. It's saddled with an ending that left almost everything unresolved and also with one of the most irritating theme songs I've ever heard in a movie. Even for all that there was something here that kept me watching. Sometimes pure cheesiness can get you through an hour and a half. Pretty bad yeah - but not as awful as some people say.
critique9990 Honestly I can't be bothered to spend my time writing about this milestone of cinematic incompetence - life is simply too short. What I will say is that Alone In The Dark succeeds in only three things: 1. It will make you laugh but for all the wrong reasons. 2. It manages to throw several useless plots into the air but dropping all of them.<br /><br />and<br /><br />3. It utterly disgraces the classic PC game on which it is supposedly based by being a complete failure in all aspects of film-making.<br /><br />Doctor Boll if that is indeed what you are (I'm thinking proctology here) what on Earth are you doing in a director's chair?
critique9991 in this movie joe pesci slams dunks a basketball. joe pesci...<br /><br />and being consistent the rest of the script is equally not believable.<br /><br />pesci is a funny guy which saves this film from sinking int the absolute back of the cellar but the other roles were pretty bad. the father was a greedy businessman who valued money more than people which wasn't even well-played. instead of the man being an archetypal villain he seemed more like an amoral android programmed to make money at all costs. then there's the token piece that is assigned to pesci as a girlfriend or something...i don't even remember...she was that forgettable.<br /><br />anyone who rates this movie above a 5 or 6 is a paid member of some sort of film studio trying to up the reputation of this sunken film or at least one of those millions of media minions who can't critique efficiently (you know the people who feel bad if they give anything a mark below 6).<br /><br />stay away...far away. and shame on comedy central where i saw this film. they usually pick better.
critique9992 This wretched movie shows that not even some of Gollywood's best can salvage a true landfill deposit..<br /><br />I could spend much time describing everything that was bad about this effort but that would require more time and I've already wasted 91 minutes watching...IT.<br /><br />Looking at it now after Brando's death shows how tragic the life of one of our greatest actors had become.<br /><br />Donald Sutherland? Why? <br /><br />I have to fill more lines to get this accepted. I have to fill more lines to get this accepted. I have to fill more lines to get this accepted.<br /><br />Don't waste your time with this movie. I'm overdue to do something interesting. Bye.
critique9993 This is beyond a shadow of a doubt the absolute worst movie I have ever seen. It's been a long time since I've seen it but the jokes are NOT funny the plot is painfully forseeable calling the main characters stupid is to vastly upgrade their intelligence...uggh! I just wanted to punch Tom Arnold and make him cry because he wasted two hours of my life when I was done watching this piece of cinematic filth. I don't even know why I ever wanted to watch it but remember if you see this movie: DON'T SAY I DIDN'T WARN YOU.<br /><br />PS Tom Arnold's character sings a song in this movie called "I'm My Own Grandfather." Nuff said.
critique9994 This could well be the worst film I've ever seen. Despite what Mikshelt claims this movie isn't even close to being historically accurate. It starts badly and then it's all downhill from there. We have Hitler's father cursing his own bad luck on the "fact" that he'd married his niece! They were in fact second cousins. Hitler's mother Klara called his father Alois "uncle" because Alois had been adopted and raised by Klara's grandfather and brought up as his son when he was really his nephew. Alois was much older than Klara and so as a child she'd got into the habit of calling Alois "uncle."<br /><br />The scene in the trenches where Hitler is mocked by his fellow soldiers and decides to take it out on his dog is simply a disgrace and an insult to the intelligence of all viewers. We see Hitler chase the dog through the trench when he catches up with the poor thing he proceeds to thrash it for disobeying him. In the distance we see and hear his fellow soldiers continue to mock and chastise the cowardly little man but then a shell lands directly on his persecutors and every last one we are told is killed outright. How then if Hitler was the only person to survive the scene did this tale of brutality and cowardice come to be told? Did Hitler himself go around "boasting" about it? - I don't think so.<br /><br />Next up Hitler bullies and intimidates a poor stressed out and war weary Jewish officer into giving him an Iron Cross! I can only assume that this Jewish officer had been a pawnbroker before fighting for the Fatherland and had thoughtfully brought along some pledged medals from his shop because I'm certain that Iron Crosses were not being handed out as shown in this comic farce.<br /><br />All the grotesque clichÃƒÂ©s are here not least the calming and hypnotic effect of Wagner's music upon the little man. If only the producers had kept Ian Kershaw on side. Then they might have discovered that Franz Lehar's "Merry Widow" was more likely to float the Fuhrer's boat than any "Flying Dutchman" from the cannon of Richard Wagner!<br /><br />Hitler may have been responsible for the deaths of 60 million people but how can he ever be forgiven for his appalling taste in music?<br /><br />I could go on but I'd be at it for hours.<br /><br />Give it a miss.
critique9995 The only thing romantic about this movie is the pain and anguish of romance. If you are expecting this cinematic adaptation of another Nicholas Sparks novel to follow the surefire formula of previous films such as "Message in a Bottle" "Nights at Rodanthe" and "A Walk to Remember" think again. Nobody dies from an accident trying to save somebody else and the romance here doesn't transform these characters. If anything it makes them even more miserable than they were.<br /><br />A soft-spoken Special Forces Army Sergeant John Tyree (Channing Tatum of "G.I. Joe") has a memorable two-week fling while on leave from the military with an impressionable college girl Savannah Curtis (radiant Amanda Seyfriend of "Mamma Mia") who is spending spring break in South Carolina. Savannah doesn't drink smoke but she tells John that her head is filled with profanity. Inevitably John and Savannah topple madly in love with each other and launch an endless exchange letters of love letters that are sleep-inducing by any standard. Tyree is off in the world serving the military in some godforsaken corner of the globe while she is away at college perusing his letters in class. Just as they are getting hot and heavy between them suicidal terrorists crash planes into the World Trade Center. John reenlists along with his buddies in a wave of patriotism without discussing the option with Savannah.<br /><br />Meanwhile another guy shaggy but likable family friend Tim (Henry Thomas of "E.T.: The Extra-Terrestrial") who has a motherless autistic child named Alan becomes the object of Savannah's sentiment. She is the kind of girl who helps build houses for the less fortunate and wants to start a summer horse ranch for autistic children. She delays what seems forever before she finally contacts Tyree with the eponymous letter. Indeed she dumps him for a man with a disease! Later she confesses to John that she knew the sound of his voice would have broken her resolve to marry Tim so she doesn't make that fateful call. Predictably John agonizes over Savannah's lack of communication. During a routine mission our hero takes a couple of terrorist bullets in the back and winds up in Germany. While all this is transpiring Tyree is trying to come to terms with his own coin-collecting father Mr. Tyree (Richard Jenkins of "Step Brothers") who suffers from Asperger's Syndrome. It seems that his father is on his last legs after John gets out of the hospital. The lead female character lacks a shred of respect and her betrayal of Tyree amounts to a pretty low blow. Tyree his father and Tyree's commander Keith Robinson are the only sympathetic characters in this long distance epistolary romance. <br /><br />"Dear John" gives new meaning to lethargic love stories. Yuck!
critique9996 We should have been suspicious to discover that with only two minutes to lights out we were the only ones there. Only five others joined before the movie began.<br /><br />There is nothing at all to redeem this movie. The acting is awful (especially Ms Hurley). The script is banal. The effects we've seen a million times. The film direction the worst that we've seen. Meandering and disjointed. No-one laughed including the kids.<br /><br />We left after 25 minutes. It would have been sooner if my wife hadn't gone for a hot-dog!!!<br /><br />Do not waste your money on this film. If there's nothing else to watch at your cinema then buy some drinks popcorn and hot-dogs and do some people watching. You'll have a much more enjoyable time!!!<br /><br />
critique9997 Last night I decided to watch the prequel or shall I say the so called prequel to Carlito's Way - "Carlito's Way: Rise to Power (2005)" which went straight to DVD...no wonder .....it completely ...and I mean completely S%&KS !!! waist of time watching it and I think it would be a pure waist of time writing about it.... I don't understand how De Palma agreed on producing this sh#t-fest of a movie....except for only one fact that I tip my hat to... Jay Hernandez who plays the young Brigante.... reminded me how De Niro got into the shoes of Brando to portray the young Don Corleone in Godfather II ...but the difference De Niro was amazing and even got an Oscar for it !!! Jay Hernandez well he has guts for trying to be a young Pacino.... too bad for him I don't think he will be playing in film anymore and by the way after I watched this sh#$%ty movie I sat down and watched the original Carlitos way to get the bad taste out of my mouth.
critique9998 Not an altogether bad start for the program -- but what a slap in the face to real law enforcement. The worst part of the series is that it attempts to bill itself as reality fare -- and is anything but. Men and women that dedicate their lives to the enforcement of laws deserve better than this. What is next medical school in a minute? Charo performing lipo? Charles Grodin assisting on a hip replacement? C'mon...show a little respect. Even the citizens of Muncie are outing the program as staged. Police Academy = High School Gym? Poor editing (how many times can they use the car-to-car shot of the Taco Bell in the background?) cheesy siren effects (the same loop added ad nauseum to every 'call' whether rolling code or not) and last but not least -- more officer safety issues than you could shake a stick at.<br /><br />If I want to see manufactured police work and wise-ass fake cops I would watch RENO 911.
critique9999 As some other comments show this movie might scare you when you're a little child. (And that is probably all that it is good for.)<br /><br />However if you're older this movie only does one thing: suck majorly -and thereby I don't mean the acting its soundtrack cutting or s.th. like that. I'm simply talking about the "plot" (if you can call it that). <br /><br />SPOILERS ahead ------------------------<br /><br />I don't want to give any more spoilers than necessary (if after reading this you really still want to watch this movie) but if you graduated from any school this is just a big insult of your intelligence. When watching this I was stunned most of the time because what was happening was just THAT stupid.<br /><br />This includes:<br /><br />-the forming of UNITE (an evil UN-association) <br /><br />--> we are just supposed to believe it's evil. is it even evil at all? if so: why is it evil?<br /><br />-the mark of evil in the form of a tattoo <br /><br />--> there is no necessity to impose this on the people so why the hell (no pun intended) are they doing it? <br /><br />-inviting Christ to your heart merely as lip service <br /><br />-->because there's nothing anybody who in this movie is considered "a real Christian" ever does besides saying that stupid prayer. so...just say that prayer before the rapture and you're saved - no matter what?! <br /><br />Thus rating 1/10
critique10000 Firstly this movie works in the fact that it is disturbing. I really did not like seeing all these scenes where people get cut up alive etc. The weirdly erotic introduction gives one a sense of necrophiliactic wonder. It is somewhat... distastefull to me personally. But the movie really works in that respect and it is suppposed to be scary so I give it credit for that. Yup a few points there for those scalpels and....well damned disturbing idea of getting disected alive.<br /><br />But what this movie lacks is an interesting plot characterization or real surprises. The whole teen-flick horror genre usually goes in a very simple predictable way. Lots of 'tense' moments creepy guys who are insane and the big question of all: is the boyfriend the murderer? This movie fits into the category of "Scream" and countless others which have spawned over the 90s. Well I won't spoil it for you but it's not exactly interesting who is the killer. We find out who it is half way through... and from there on the movie drudges on trying to fill in some time... rather boringly to say the least. I was looking at the clock a bit on this movie.<br /><br />The lead actress is great as usual but the carboard acting box she is placed into makes one groan in pain... the college girl who is a detective who everyone thinks is insane but she is the one who really knows whats going on. And the cops? Ahhh they just laugh and eat donuts. Very predictable flat disturbing at times and most of all boring and dull... It's like an American film company took a flight to Germany to shoot a movie to make it foreign..... hmmm..... or did they?<br /><br />
